THE wordy war between Prince
Andre Poniatowskl and Mayor
James D. Phelan over the race
track lmbroello vesterdav as-
GENERAL, CHRISTIAN DEXVET AND HIS 2000-MILE RAID. THE GREATEST ON RECORD. FOUR TIMES WITH
HIS BAND THE BOER GENERAL. TRAVERSEDJTHE QR*NGE;fBEE STATE. TWICE INVADING CAPE COL
ON r AND ELUDING 30.000 BRITISH TROOPS FOR SIX MONTHS. , . " '
Mayor Phelan retaliates by calling
Prince Poniatowski "a gambler" In the
statement he Issued yesterday, and states
mitted any dishonorable actions that I
know of. To what. then, can you attrib
ute the fact that there are not five houses
In San Francisco now open to you socially;
not one newspaper out of five considering
that your political ambitions should be en
couraged; not a polttlcal friend of yours
standing by your s!<Je any longer?
You fear that I am not a "real Prince—
at any rate not like the -Princes you read
about in fairy -books." I fear, my dear
Mr. Phelan. that you will soon realize that
the peculiar condition of affairs above
sta«*d is due . to the fact that the peopl«
have come ' to the conclusion "that you
are not a ' real man— at any rate not U5c *
the men ; the people car* to have their
grandchildren read about In the history of
this country." P. A. PONIATOWSKI.
Ctaily "Lie Direct'* Bemains.
born In this town; and you have not com-
not this strike you as a very abnormal
case? You are an Intelligent man; you
have wealth and Independence; you were
would have, in such a case, a good word
to say - for the Mayor of that ' city. Does
Is not another town in the United States
where at least one newspaper out of five
the tone I have employed for the last thre*
days without raising a storm of Indigna
tion from the people of that town. Ther»
There is no other city In the United States
to-day where a comparative stranger will
be allowed to talk to and of Its Mayor In
One statement I wUl make which yon
yourself will agree Is not a half-truth.
functions. There Is no fact mentioned In
any of my statements that cannot be vert
fled, as I luckily had no interview with
you except in the presence of witnesses.
a clearer conception of the dignity of your
You Infer that I was the on* running
after you. How Is It that, within forty-
eight-hours. I had five meetings with you
or your secretary, those meetings taking
place either at the offices of the San Fran
cisco Jockey Club or. at other 'dubs la
town? 'In fact, at any other place than at
the City Hall, where the affairs of this
town should b* discussed by you if yon had
Mr. James . D. Phelan, Mayor of £&a
Francisco— Dear Sir: Out of respect for
the office which you accidentally hold. I
will not' employ. In answering your staia
ment published In this morning's Exam
iner, the harsh' language you chose ta use.
I am man enough to appreciate your men
tal distress and excuse its effects.
The assertions published under my sis
nature this morning cannot . be. ' as ' you
wish to term them, "half truths." They
are either truths or lies.
A scathing letter was penned by ths
Prince to the Mayor, assailing the private
character of the man whom San Francls-
CO has given the highest office within her
gift.
Prince Poniatowski had reached the)
stage of "the countercheck quarrelsome"
when he yesterday sent the Mayor tha
following letter:
SAN FRAXCISCO. 'March ».
have, at this stage of the proceedings,
called for his squire and buckled on his
trusty swo'rd. But in these days of
money-making and -politics the Prlnco
called' for a new pen and a sheet of the)
Jockey Club note paper. .
THE PRINCE AND THE MAYOR,
WHO ARE NOW EXCHANGING
COMPLIMENTS.
v While • the : foreign community in Tien
tsin is overwhelmingly/ British > General
Campbell's ; course : is : not unanimously
approved." He has undoubtedly, displayed
a . signal ¦ lack of • tact. ; His defenders say
that : if he had asked • permission to build
a ' sidetrack on the ground . In dispute . the
action would .: have constituted ah ac
knowledgment of the Russian right^to
the territory. .They claim a^compensatidn
for .'the loss of 400 soldiers ;¦ killed ' in " de-
"At the. time the British attempted to
take possession it was protected by.Rus
sian flags and a clearly delimitated
boundary of stone." These flags were
overturned and thrown away by a work
ing party of Bengal pioneers or coolies,
who went on with their work until driven
off by our guards. Before we can dis
cuss the question of ownership the' Brit
ish, who are still to some extent on our
ground, must withdraw. Once the British
have withdrawn • I am sure the Russian
imperial Government , will i ignore all pre
vious regrettable violence ; and listen in
a most friendly spirit to whatever the
British Government may have to say re
garding definite -possession of 'the dis
puted : territory. . No sane person can for
an instant doubt that had the English
requested permission to build a switch or
sidetrack on :; our- ground • it . would - have
been immediately granted. ; Unfortu
riately, however, they sought their * ends
by forcible means. The British troops
must be withdrawn .- from Russian terri
tory. 'There can.be no other settlement."
"The question over which we unhappily
are at odda is not whether the disputed
ground belongs to us or to the Chinese
Government or to the railroad . company,
but whether the English will make good
their trespass.
Russians Cannot Recede.
General "Wogack has made the following
statement of the Russian position for The
Call: - •'• '
Yesterday a blinding storm of dust har
assed the Russian and British forces,
who nevertheless stolidly maintained
their respective positions on the disputed
territory. Instructions of a stalwart char
acter were received yesterday from St.
Petersburg. Consequently, while General
Campbell has given no sign as to th>»
course he will pursue, the Russians have
made it known with characteristic clear
ness that the British will have to with
draw unless they prefer to fight. The
Russian authorities at Tientsin are uphel'l
by St. . Petersburg in the • contention that
any solution of the difficulty excepting ths
withdrawal of the British troops will be
Incompatible with their outraged dignity.
Various disquieting rumor| are current
and it is very difficult to verify them.' It
seems probable, however, that the Rus
sian troops are returning to Tientsin, via
Port Arthur. There is little doubt also
that the French have demanded a court
martial to Inquire Into the case of Cap
tain Bogler, who on Saturday came in
conflict with the French soldiers. " Ho
knocked one insensible. It Is claimed on
his behalf that he acted in se'lf-defense.
On Guard In Blinding' Storm.
Count von "Waldersee's proposal, which
General Wogack declined j^to". entertain,
was that the disputed. territory be' turned
over to a neutral guard, ; thaiBu'sfJana and
British" slmuUa^caCify^-iti^wa-wrinx-pdna
ing • a legal Investigation" of. the ; questions
Involved. The British officers : maintain
that if, as rumored, Russian troops are
being hurried to Tientsin from Port Ar
thur, the British Government will regard
their arrival as a hostile movement on
the part of Russia. Negotiations on the
spot are at an end and porparlers are
now being conducted directly. between the
Cabinets at London and St. Petersburg.
Count von Walderseo is de
pressed at the failure to arrange the ques
tion,- the serious ness, of which \he
fully to realize. Alter an -hour/ he re
turned to Peking. ,)' i
There has been much fighting during the
day between French and British soldiers."
but up to the present there have. been no
serious results. General Voyron has or
dered out the gendarmes, who, together
with the Australians, j are now guarding
the settlement and preventing the'French
soldiers from entering. The JBrltish hold
their ground. General Campbell has re
ceived the approval of tho Government in
his view of the dispute with^the Russian
commander hero and Is hoHlrig his ground
under orders from LondonI --Z-' . • :.¦
TIENTSIN, March 13— 7 -p. m.— Count
von Waldersee arrived here, froth Klao
chau at 4 o'clock. He was met at the sta
tion by General "Wogack, General Camp
bell and other general officers. The field
marshal had lone and separate conversa
tions with the Russian and -British com
manding generals. He verbally; renewed
the proposition which had been* made by
telegraph, and which the Russians had de
clined to entertain. General de
clined to discuss the questioner Vowner
shlp until the British had wHhd,ra\? n from
the position. The deadlock therefore con
tinues. ..... • - .;.,¦¦" r> \ •
pnlal(lers|iails
toEnd Wpfe r
¦ ¦ ¦ . - . • ¦-;-^--^'y^/ 1 •¦. ;
Neither Britonil^issian
Willing to MakeMny
Concession!^
BY STEPHEN BONS^L.
Special Cable to The Call and' New York Her
ald. ' Copyright. 1901, by the Herald Pub
> U&hlng Company. ;.
RIVAL FORCER
STILL REFUSE
TO WITHDRAW
Refusal of the Republican Forces to Surrender Causes a
Demand That the War Be Pressed to the Utmost and
That Further Reinforcements Be Prepared Immediately
BOER GENERAL BOTHA DECLINES
TO ACCEPT PEACE TERMS OFFERED
BY BRITISH COMMANDER IN CHIEF
PHELAN DECLARES PONIA TOWSKI
IS A GAMBLER WHEN THE PRINCE
CRITICIZES MAYOR'S CHARACTER
Jockey Club's President. Says City's Chief. Executive Is
Not Permitted to Mingle in Circles of Society — Mayor
Says He -Cannot Deign to Reply to a Gamester
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNE^D^lg^ MARCH 20, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 110.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued on Page Three.
COPENHAGEN. March , .10.— Dowager
Empress Marie Feodorovna'of Russia" ar
rived here to-day and was welcomed at
the railway ' station ; by King Christian. '•.''
Welcomed by Her ; Father.
MAFETING. Basultoland, .. Monday
March. 18.— General Bruce Hamilton's
force, which is sweeping • over the south
east portion of the Orange River Colony,
has reached Weperier, where the troops
found , heavy stocks of grain and cattle.
They carried away as : much as possible,
but' destroyed 3000 bags of grain. Tho
houses at Wepener.wero found to be
Intact. . . ¦
tion of Orange River Colony.
Bruce Hamilton's Force Sweeps Por-
BBITISH DESTROY GBAINV
It is further stated that when the United
States annexed Porto Rico the State De
partment sent no notices to any of the
powers; they. were supposed to take note
themselves of the President's proclama
tion and the acts of Congress. The old
Consuls retained their original exequaturs
issued by the Spanish Government, these
being recognized by the United States
military authorities as sufficient for the
purpose.- The status of our Consuls in
South Africa Is precisely the same; they
hold their old exequaturs, and these are
recognized by the military authorities as
sufficient. But in the case of Porto Rico
whenever a" Consul retires his Govern
ment makes application for an exequatur
directly to the United States authorities.
It being the lule to recognize de facto
administrations In this manner, and' it is
presumed that when a change is made in
our consular representatives In South Af
rica the application for an exequatur will
be made to whatever authority happens
for the moment to be in de facto posses
sion of the place to which the Consul is
accredited.
United States probably will be for the
first time fixed when a Consul General la
sent out to Pretoria to succeed Adelbert
Hay, who has just returned to Washing
ton on leave of absence, but without the
purpose to go back to Pretoria. It Is said
that so far there has been absolutely no
official declaration on that point.
State Soon to Be Determined.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— The status
of the Transvaal and Orange Free State
in the eyes, of the Government of th«
Status of Transvaal and Orange Free
CONSULS IN SOUTH AFRICA.
"There is plenty of food for the natives.
The Boers can live upon the country. The
British will have to bring everything with
them. The Boers have their hunting
6tceds. The country north Is simply
stocked with fcinmunition. We can im
port none, but enormous stores were laid
ir. before the war commenced."
"So far they have only met the Boers
in the open plains. The English public
for some unknown reason has looked upon
the war all along as mere child's play,
notwithstanding the lesson which they re
ceived in the commencement of the war.
Four hundred Boers arc quite sufficient
to harass an entire army for an indefinite
period in tho district north of Pretoria.
It Is jvha.t is called 'bush veldt.' Regular
cavalry cannot operate there. It is a deep
eand which gtvc3 the poorest foothold
there. Owing to fever, the British can
operate but six months In the year. The
Boers from childhood have accustomed
themselves to this climate and can stop
there without much harm.
"What do you say about General
Botha refusing peace terms?" he was
asked. /
"It Is certain," replied Erasmus.
"But how can the Boers hold out against
the English?" was asked.
D. E. Erasmus, son of General Erasmus
of Pretoria, knows the country from end
to end.
LONDON. March 19.— General Louis
Botha won't make peace. "What is going
to happen now? That is what is being
asked in the House of Commons.
Startling Facts.
General Erasmus' Son Presents Some
port, which he described as partial, in
adequate and Impotent in its conclusions.
He charged the officers of the medical ser
vice with "cooking evidence," and he
practically charged the commission with
hiding the truth from the British public.
SAYS BOEBS CAN HOLD OUT.
During the discussion of the composition
of the Transvaal Concessions Commission
Arthur Basil Liberal, asserted
that the commission was made up of per
sons affiliated with several great South
African companies.
Chamberlain replied that while he wouJfl
not be Influenced by South African capi
talists he was not to be precluded from
urlng any man who happened to be con
nected with some capitalist tn South Af
rica.
t The House eat until 3 o'clock this morn
ing to discuss »he estimates. The only in
teresting point was a powerful attack by
Burdett-Coutts, Conservative, on the
6outh African Hospital Commission's re-
Hiding Truth From Public.
Joseph Chamberlain, the Colonial Secre
tary, informed the House of Commons
yesterday that General Botha has reject
ed the peace terms offered him. General
Potha, Chamberlain said, had conveyed
the information in a letter to General
Kitchener, in which he announced that he
was not disposed to recommend the terms
of peace General Kitchener was instruct
ed to offer him to the earnest considera
tion of the Government. General ¦ Botha
added that his Government and its chief
officers entirely agreed with- his view.
Chamberlain added: "I propose to lay the
papers connected with the negotiations on
the table to-night."
Announced by Chamberlain.
LONDON. March 20.— The issuance
of Parliamentary papers on the
negotiations between Lord Kltch
ccw and General Botha is de
layed. General Botha's refusal
to accept the peace terms offered, him is
commented upon with an evident sense of
relief. The idea that Lord Kitchener Ini
tiated the negotiations instead of General
Botha, as had been supposed, is unpalata
ble to the British press.
The Dally -Mall, under the editorial cap
tion "Our Rejected Suit," asks why the
Government Instructed Lord Kitchener to
sue for peace after the murder of the
peace envoys, and concludes as follows:
"I^et the war be pressed to the utmost and
let further reinforcements be prepared,
for they nsay be needed ; but. above all, let
•us have no more 'negotiations.* "
January 23-Fights Knox at Welcome.
February 4— South of De Wetsdorp once more.
February 9 — Having crossed the railroad has a fight
at Jaegersfonteln. . ' • . '..
February 11— Eludes British and crosses the Orange
River near Kraal's Pont, at Zand Drift .
February 12 — Dashed for Phllllpstown. eighty miles - to
the west, to threaten tho Klmberley railroad.
February 13— Had a running fight with Colonel Plumer.
February 15 — Dodged across'the railroad at Bartman's
Siding, losing several ammunition wagons and prisoners in
the process.
Next heard of In the region of Prieska.
Hurries back east, but is headed off from, going further
south. . ! ~' ~ "
February 25— Floods on the Orange River almost result
in Dewet's capture near Hopetown. Forces divided" into
several small parties. Lost forty men and two cannon.
February 25 — (about)— Managed to recross the river and
Immediately struck out for the north, moving twenty-flve
miles a day.
March 11 — East of Kroonstad. ' ¦
DEWET'S LONG MARCH THROUGH SOUTH AFRICA.
At no t!m e during his celebrated raid did Dewet's force
exceed 3000 men. Appended is his itinerary, as far as scat
tering, and at times conflicting, cable dispatches show It:
October 2S— Fights with General Barton at Frederlch-
Btadt. -v'V::
October 27— Crosses the Vaal Raver at P*ery's, loses two
guns to General Kr.ox and divides his force.
November 5— "With the main body concentrates at Both
aville. Attacked by British under Gallias, Knox and De
Lisle. Gallias killed.
Boer forces reunited in neighborhood of Heilbron.
November 21-24— Besiege and capture force of 400 Brit
ish troops at De Wetsdorp.
December 12 — By magnificent daring escapes from Gen
eral Kncx's enveloping forces near Thabanchu.
December 15— Located northeast of Ladybrand.
December 22— At Ser.ekal.
December 31 — lias a brush with Knox and loses horses
and supplies.
January 2— Near Lindley, preparing for a fresh dash.
January 4 — Engaged near Maseru, Basutoland. Firing
heard. "fi' 1 -
Continued on Page Piva.
V It then remains to be seen what .the
Prince ."will do about It.'.' Is San . Fran
cisco - to witness : the entire gamut of a
quarrel as : defined ' by Touchstone in "As
You] Like IV:?"\ .,
; When * Mayor . Phelan and ; Prince Ponia
towski Entered into a discussion over the
racetrack war the first reply, given by, the
"When Prince Poniatowski this morning
reads the reply of Uhe. Mayor to his let
ter of yesterday he will realize th© esteem
in which he is held by the city's chief
executive..
It would certainly be undignified
f or th© Mayor of the city to exchange
personalities, no matter how. inviting
the opportunity, with the president
of a jockey club, whose essential bus
iness is gambling, and who refuses to
see the real point in dispute.
What Will Poniatowski DbP
I am satisfied with the Judgment of the peo
ple on -whom I have always confidently relied,
end never in vain, for the Justification of my
acts. ¦
If It were a 'personal or social question, I
would be glad to discuss It as such. Every
public question I have had to solve, for Instance
charter, : gas, water and telephone rates. In
volved ' a- personal element, but I have not al
lowed/ nor will I. allow, ray personal friends to
Influence my public action. I ha\-e no right at
their request to betray public Interests In order
to reap personal advantage.
The people are' In full possession of the facts
as contained In my veto message and authorized
interview published Monday morning.
This is a public question, not a private dis
pute. The question is how to curtail the power
•f the gamblers to inflict Injury on the city.
The Mayor, \ after a consultation with
his friends, drafted a statement for the
press, which is as follows:
Phelan Calls Prince a Gambler.
Mayor Phelan, when he perused the let
ter of the Prince, evidently thought of the
advice of Polonlus to Laertes, "Beware of
entrance to h a quarrel." He decided thajt
the letter was beneath his notice, In as
far as a direct reply was concerned, but
that it called for a public statement.
encounter when Poniatowski and Phelan
meet?
- His Honor, the Mayor, one© again
availed himself of the press and put forth
another statement. In speaking of the
meetings between himself and the Prince
and the discussions as to the track war,
the Mayor felt that, as a matter of justice,
he was obliged to conclude that Ponia
towski was not "a real prince."
"True Princes," said the Mayor, "are
generally presumed ¦ to . be gentlemen. He
is not like the Princes we read about In
fairy books. He seems to have much of
the Oriental" nature which deals in half
truths.". \ -¦¦\
The Mayor chlded the Prince Vwtth mak
ing, misstatements, and .was gallant
enough to say that they were misstate
ments "if it Is really true. that he (Ponia
towskl) did authorize them."
; All students of English classics are
united upon the point that 'the Mayor
made "the reproof valiant."
- Indays of old Prince Poniatowskl would
Phelan Answers With Ardor.
two gentlemen to each other" was In per
fect accord with the ethics of polite so
ciety. , -
After a few meetings came the public
statement of the Mayor as to his reasons
for vetoing the Ingleslde ordinance. This
la what Touchstone^ called "the retort
courteous." - ,-,
Then came the public statement of
Prince Poniatowskl. He called the Mayor
to acount and took him to task for acting
in bad -faith. The Prince threw sarcasm
Into his statement and made the Mayor
feel uncomfortable. This was undoubtedly
"the quip modest."
Prince Poniatowskl follows this up with
a statement which made all men anxious.
The descendant , of . the Polish nobility
designated Mayor Phelan as "a poor little
fellow." He spoke of the Mayor present
ing a "pitiful sight." and that he was in
.a "comatose state."
Accordlngto Touchstone this was "the
reply churlish."
Mayor Phelan Jumped into the fray at
this point with ardor. The chief execu
tive of the city was not to be downed by
a nobleman, even if the aristocrat possess
ed the name of Poniatowskl. '
Both the Prince and the Mayor are
members of - the exclusive Pacific Union
Club and of ten -.. meet ; within Its walls.
The: chief "question asked last evening In
club circles was, "Will there be a personal
Clubdom and the citizens in general last
evening discussed with zest the ¦ contents
of ¦ the letter sent to the Mayor by the
Prince, the latter having supplied tne
press with advance copies of the scorching
epistle. .
To the attack of Prince Poniatowskl nt
reply will be made by Mayor Phelan. In
a statement .the Mayor says he
deems "the letter of 'the Prince beneath
contempt.
sumed a serious phase, i for the
gentleman with the Russian name opened
the vials' of; his wrath upon the chief
executive' of San' Francisco, assailing him
In bitter. terms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.GUTHRIE, O. T.. March 19.— Wltn a
pick, provided by outside friends, three
prisoners confined in the city Jail mad*
their escape early this morning.
I « am no seer, and claim no power of
I.rophecy. yet down the long, broad corridors
o* fifty years to come I see emblazoned on the
stately marble walls of Santa Clara College
the names of her devoted sons and friends,
who from their princely store of wealth have
made endowments, numerous and great, to
those true hearts who have shaped the course
ot this great seat of learning till the work
A liberal and Christian education is here at
cur command. The solemn pledge of fifty
years ago is yet a law at Santa Clara. Col
lege and shall always so remain. The prom
ise then announced has passed to a decree,
rather Kenna and his learned aides have an
ticipated the ever-increasing demand for
h!gher education and developed plans that
mean greater good and more renown for their
beloved university and this Golden State of
ours. They mean other and handsomer build-
Ings, statelier halls, broad acres, even blgher
ideals for this and . the coming generations.
They mean, in fact and ln truth, a grander
university and every advantage and blessing
that a liberal and Christian education can be
stow.
Mr. Bowden gave a masterly resume of
the history, of the Mission of St. Claire.
He continued: >W
we rejoice and be glad on this day of Santa
Clara's, golden Jubilee. Its beginning, strug
gles, conquests, triumphs form &n Important
part of the romantic history of California, It
wins the admiration of all who commend zeat
and unselfishness and applaud duty. In this
FFirit let us part the portals of the past.
It appears that the point was raised not
long ago in the States of Ohio and Rhode
Island, where a similar constitutional pro
vision exists. Tho Supreme Court of Ohio
held that a parsonage, although built on
ground which might otherwise be exempt
as attached to the church edifice, did not
come within the exemption. The ground
in such a case, maintained the court, was
appropriated to a new and different use;
instead of it being used exclusively for
public worship it became a place- of pri
vate residence. Nor did lt make any dif
ference that by the usage of the cnurcn
the presence of a ptiest or pastor was es
sential to conduct the services of publlo
worship.
State Controller Colgan, ln answer to a
letter of inquiry, has written to A.C. Mo
Manus, secretary of the Christian church
of Santa Rosa, expressing his Individual
view that under the new constitutional
provision exempting church property from
taxation church mortgages are not to be
assessed or taxed, the Controller holding
that the mortgage is a part of the prop
erty itself.
It is expected that the State Board of
Examiners will shortly Issue to County
Assessors a letter of instructions relative
to the general subject of taxing church
property and . mortgages.
SACRAMENTO, March 19.-Attorn.ey
General Ford has rendered to the Stata
Board of Equalization an opinion ln re
gard to the matter of the exemption from
taxation of parsonages built on church
property. The Attorney General holds
that these buildings do not come within
the scope of the new constitutional pro
vision exempting churches from taxation.
PARSONAGES
ARE NOT EXEMPT
Attorney General Ford Ren
ders Opinion on a Tax
Question.
»
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
8A?f JOSE. March 19.— <5eorge -M. Mur
phy of San Francisco has purchased the
lease of the St. James Hotel from F. L.
Ek&ggs and will -assume control at once.
Anton Friant of this city will be the man
ager. Murphy was for fifteen years man
ager of the children's playground In
Golden Gate \ Park.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Maxch 19.— A dispatch
from Fort Wingate says no difficulty will
ntteiid the round-up of the Navajo Indi
ans on the Grand Canyon reservation.
The Indian police say the Navajos are all
willing to return to the reservation. The
work of removal will begin to-morrow. A
Ftrong force of soldiers at Wingale will
be ready If trouble occurs.
San Jobs Hotel Changes Hands.
Beds Will Not Make Trouble.
PHOENIX. Ariz., March IS.— One wom
an was fatally injured and five others
were severely hurt in a runaway accident
to-day. A four-horse team attached to a
hack en route to a. picnic made a wild
<lash through the streets and overturned
the rig. Mrs. Kate Culbertson of this
city was Injured internally and sustained
a fracture of the skull. The other women
were badly cut and bruised, and Driver
Harvey's leg was broken.
Women Injured in Runaway.
AUBURN. March 19.— Frederick TV.
Dickson was killed to-Cey at the Zantgraf
mine. He was unloading timbers from the
ekip to go up to another leveL He was
thrown out and against the wall of tho
eh&ft, breaking his neck. Dickson was
about 20 years of age. His parents, broth
ers and a sister reside near Auburn. Un
til recently he practiced law in San Fran
cisco.
KILLED Hi AUBURN MINE.
To Prevent Pneumonia and Grip.
Laxative Broco-Qulnlre removes the cause. •
SANTA CLARA, March 19.— It was
red and white everywhere in San
ta Clara to-day— red and white on
the houses, red and white on the
girls' dresses, red and white
gracefully festooned from the pepper trees
that line both sides of the road leading
to Santa Clara College, and above the
gray clock-tower floated lazily a large flag
of the same hues.' These are the colors of
Frank Joarjuin, passengers on the City of
Seattle to-<iay, are from the Kuskokwim.
and are the first to come out this winter
from the Xutrr.aj trail. These men report
a strike near the mouth of the Kuskok
wim, which has already created a stam
pede to that district Updike, who is
Vi:lted States Commissioner for the Kus
kokwim district. sa$-s that he beard of the
strike while on the way to Kaunai. The
nport said that tha ground was rich, sind
many from Nome, who had come over to
the Kuskokwim during the winter, hast
ened to the eround.
The trip of Updike and Joaquln to the
cocst was a severe one. The weather was
bitterly cold. The trail waa rough, as it
had not been traveled by man during the
winter. The dogs almost gave out before
the end of the journey. Several tiroes the
sleds broke through thin ice and the con
tents were almost lost
News of a Gold Discovery
Stamp dei the Men of
Nome.
SEATTLE. March 13.— C. P. Updike and
RUSH OF MINERS
TO KUSKOKWIM
LOS AXGELES, March 19.— "The mys
terious Mr. Smith," otherwi?c known as
"Silent Jim," fifty times a millionaire,
voted the most eligible bachelor in social
Christendom aiid Ihe protege of Mrs.
Stuyvesant Fish, arrived here in that
lady's party to-day. Housed comfortably
in one of the most richly appointed trains
that ever crossed the continent, the party
arrived a.t noon, stopping only during the
luncheon hour. They promptly chartered
a special steamer at San Pedro and an
hour later set sail for the made isle of
CataJlra.
Mr. Klsh Is a member of the party,
which includes Mr. and Mrs. L/anfear Nor-,
re and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Marshall.
Mis=s Greta Pomeroy. another of Mrs.
Msh's prow-gpes, -who. it was believed, had
been scheduled by Mrs. Fish to complete
"Mysterious Jim's" education by marry
ing him. forsook the party at New Or
lt-ans, bv.t may be persuaded to rejoin
th*rn soon.
The special train consists of four mag
nificently appointed coaches, boudoir cars,
Eleeplnp cars, dining and obrervatlon cars.
Mrs. Fish could not be Induced to con
descend to an interview, but referred all
Inquirers to her private secretary, who re
plied with a stereotyped form as follows:
"We have been ten days on the road.
Our tr'.p has been uneventful. Mr. Smith
Fpent some time ln Chicago visiting rela
tive* of hia there. "We shall remain here
only a few hours, unless plans arc
changed before nleht. Then we ro to San
Francisco, stopping at Santa Barbara and
Monterey. Our return will be made over
the northern route."
Aa for Mr. Smith, he seems anxious to
preserve his reputation for silence. He is
an ordinary, good looking club man, well
groomed er.d with clothes that fit. He
vras sorry that he had no ideas to com
irunicate ta reporters.
Special Dltpatch to The Call.
MrS. Stuyvesant Fish's Party
Enters the Golden
State.
»
Includes in Its Membership "Mys
t?rlous Mr. Einith," the Fifty-
Million-Dollar Bach-
PALATIAL TRAIN
BRINGS VISITORS
ANCIENT BELLS OF SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
PEAL OUT THEIR GOLDEN JUBILEE MESSAGE
Resident and Visiting Clergy and Guests from 1 California Towns •Gather- Under the Great Palms
Planted on the Campus Five Decades Ago and Participate in the Joyous Festivities at the
Semi-Centennial Anniversary Celebration of the Weil-Known Catholic Seat of Learning
the Santa Clara College, which to-day cel
ebrated its fiftieth anniversary.
TRENTON, N. J., March 19.— Articles of
Incorporation were filed to-dar by the
American Can Company, authorised capi
tal $S8,000,000 to manufacture cans and re
ceptacles of all kinds. Of the capital
stock W4.000.000 is to bo preferred jvith 7
per cent cumulative dividend.
With Eighty-Eight Millions.
The Santa Clara College of to-day co'm
prises seven largo buildings and seven
small ones, enclosed ln a quadrangle of
nearly ten acres of land, a playground of
nearly four acres, an artificial swimming
pond, an infirmary, two large gymnasi
ums, gardens, museum, a main library of
12,000 volumes, which is one of the choic
est collections of books in the State, many
of the works being very rare, some nearly
four centuries old; nine sectional or
branch libraries, located in the various
departments, and a fine exhibition hall.
Among the many rare books ln the library
is a collection of 350 volumes, reproduc
ing ln their original text the most promi
nent historical and polemical writings of
antiquity, from the first century of the
Christian era to the ninth. In the music
rooms are ten pianos, and the printing
office is furnished with two presses
worked by steam and all the necessary
appendages of a complete establishment
for job and book work.
The college has grown like the grape
vine which was planted a mere cutting
in the early days of the institution and
which now measures more than a foot
through at the base and extends its giant
branches for fifty feet In either direction
above tho portico facing 1 the garden at
the rear of the entrance hall. As the old
vine has borne more and more fruit, from
season to season, so the Influence of th>?
college has Increased from year to year"
bearing annually its ripe fruitage of grad
uates who have helped to make Califor
nia. .
To-day was college day. To-morrow
will be town day and a parade headed by
the college band 'will march around the
streets of Santa Clara in the morning.
The afternoon will be taken up with a
programme of track sports and an enter
tainment ln the .college hall in the even
ing will close the celebration.
Santa Clara College of To-Day.
A delightful feature was the rendition
by the orchestra of a quaint old mission
hymn to Saint Claire.
The reading of a Latin ode by James
Baclgalupi and 1 more .orchestral music
closed tho entertainment.
of fifty years cgone shall irreater fame dis
close for our loved queen of learning, and thus
shall be attained the Koal of her devoted
founder and his work endure for God's greater
glory. Here in Santa Clara's beauteous vale
shall be enthroned the fairest, ¦ noblest, bnt of
our three queens— Liberty. Law and Learning.
Here shall she always sit, a very queen.
If you have Dyspepsia. write Dr.Shoop. Racine/
WIs..box 137, for six bottles Dr.Shoop's Restori:
tlve. Exp.pald.fc'cnd 1 no money: 1 Paj $3.50 if cure»J»
A : Month's Test < Free.
Though one day differs not 'from another in
Itself, nevertheless lt seems . natural to mnn
to institute comparisons between them." We
to-day are celebrating the, elapse of a period
which has been rich indeed In events. -The
paj»t century has . been great In achievements,
Doubtless each man's view of It will depend
on the goal he had in view. Most. of us, form
Ideals for ourselves. Time and the things re^
latlng to time must be measured according ttf
the rood they have brought : to ¦ man. -¦
Considered merely from a commercial ¦ point
of view in the application of invention' to. the
service of man. the - nineteenth : century :,• has
Indeed been great, and if. jve rise to; yet a
higher plane - and measure these ¦ things . from,
an intellectual standard still shall we find the
record magnificent.
But it is not > here we - must' seek, - we must*
ask: Has it drawn us nearer to . the source
of life? It is a debatable question. .In some'
Instances the very light ; we . train obscurest lt«
true source. If ln , our > investigations we have
adduced a belief that nature Is a nufflclent law
unto : itself, if that , be so ' the century has not
The processional was led by Blshopa
Horstmann of Cleveland and Montgomery
or Los Angeles. The sermon .was preached
by Bishop Montgomery, who delivered an
eloquent defense of the Catholic faith. and
concluded with a tribute to the priests of
Santa Clara. He spoke In part: as, fol
lows:- ,' ¦ ¦ • -. ¦
".Bishop Montgomery's Sermon.
This morning's ceremonies; commenced
with the celebration of a solemn high
mass ln the. chapel of the college. Be
fore 9 o'clock the great bronze bella a cen
tury old began to pealout their golden
Jubilee message, and 'the church was well
filled when the procession of clergy filed
into the chancel. Although the ' Santa
Clara Mission has stood near the banks of
the> Guadalupe since 1777, yet the chapel
has been twice replaced. The original
building was of adobe, but lt has been ex
tensively remodeled until now but little
remains of the old structure. Father Ken
na, the present president of the college.
was most instrumental in putting the
structure into shape. In doing this he took
pains to preserve aa much an possible the
original material and decorations, and the
chapel as It now stands Is a fine piece of
old architecture. : \ .
The old garden waa gay with an un
wonted__iivelineBs. Resident prieBts and
visiting priests and'gay groups of visitors
trod its paths under th© shadow of the
great palms planted 'by Father John No
boll away back in the 'CO'*.
fore the throne of God aa an individual. Com
nvunltles are not damned or saved as such.
The church to-day has to put forth as never
before its weapons to battle with this spirit of
naturalness.
««£ h ? mRn that °en'e» the supernatural is
simply exercising; his right of Judgment, but
•?!,»? avow , e <Jly religious man • who adopts the
iiirti™ ».i I ? an> . 8 r^'oninar calls it ''private
£i,f, t ntt J but ln the end lt wrecks the super
110 ? le to whlch h « ha * «PPHed It.
til?h ?h Uth0rlt X rlven by Chr'st to go and
mi«V ..n Ord 8tandB t0 ' Aai7 Ju8t M Christ
Kirt \ ~,y. P ont teach what you think, don't
"**„^j 1 " you ( believe, teach what I have
««!?„ ed i ou - The man who makes his
the pvirt cHt ! r t. n of h«« fa«th makes it also
ev i^ ence P' his- faith.
i»«?,M?'? y y ?, ara thls «»»*«*¦ has stood ln this
th?? ohL Y aIle y- spreading abroad the truths
f£ tVi Chr1^ taught/, these have been preached
'" th i s v a»ey by the Jesuit Fathers. May this
in ~?i«,i may . th « new century see united
Jew Christ 011 * ' °" e flock -' on «^ ne Pherd.
P^Jf 6 ! 61 '™^ was ' th e Very Rev. John
lnW« «3n ede 5: S -. J " ot St. Ignatius Col
of th t" Francisco, and superior, general
Sri h^ ?5 su i t^, ln California.- He was assiat-
Tnh» y r h i5 f o llo , wl T n « clergy: Deacon, Rev.
John J. Ford, S. J.; Rev. James S. Taylor,
a. J., and Rev. John J. Cunningham, S. J.
Just a Home , Gathering.
Although there was a very large attend*
ance, both at the mass and at the games
and the evening entertainment, the affair
°u t0 * da y ¦ ia considered at the college in
the nature of a home event more or less,
and but few, visitors " outside of Santa
a and San Jose were present. This is
owing to the Lenten season. . Later in the
year, probably In June, there " will be an
other Jubilee on a larger , scale. To th r *
Jvf %^ "lebration , from all. parts
of the Stato will be invited and a. lengtliy
£ l utsl .?, e ,f ler f>' wU1 make the affair
one t t hat. wllU live long in the memory of
Pacific Coast Catholics.' - ;
The: ceremonies of to-day withal we-e
exceedingly impressive. ;The ¦ presence of
tne two famous prelates in, itself lent Im
portance .to : the proceedings, 1 ; which were
perhapa rendered ; all the -¦ moro : dellghf
f h^ J by H\i, a!r/ of homelike intimacy
with which everything was : conducted.
Besides the two Bishops there. were pres
ent. . the,>followlng; visiting ,- ; /clergymen:
Father Culllgan, - Father; Testa. Father
The evening programme was, one full of.
Interest and there '^waa not ", a vacant* seat
In College Hall, when the band dashed into
a' lively overture. 'The college choir sang
excellently .the. "Hymn's to- St. Joseph,"
an original composition by.- the Rev. John
Ford; S. J. Charles r»..South.th.eri recited
his poem. "Serraland,"; which wad greeted
with the greatest enthusiasm. There was
more:music and then'Nlcholas Bowden.
the orator •- of the : evening, > delivered ' an
address. : He spoke, in part, as follows:-- .
* Stahdlngr - as i it y were . on ¦ the ; bridge which
cor.nects the sacred , and : memorable ¦ past : with
the ¦ hopeful • and • inspiring: future, 'well - may.
Music and Oratory.
Stanford— Murphy, Edwards. Cowden," Ball,
Bymonds, Traeger. Mlsner, 1 Lowenthal, . Par
ker.'::: •¦¦¦.-¦.- ¦;¦'¦.. ¦ ,/ .-.-•
Santa Clara— Fenny, Ryan. Rufe. Ducoty.
Farry.\Grlsea. Strub, Anderson,- NuMn. ¦
The rolling .of drums just as the base
ball game was about to start drew the
attention of many from the diamond and
those who walked over toward the gray
bell tower to ascertain the cause of It
were rewarded by the sight of a unique
ceremony." The new flag was about to
bo raised In the grounds of the adjoining
Convent of Notre Dame by the pupils of
St. Joseph's School. The ceremony was a
picturesque one. Some forty little" boy3,
dressdd nattily :ln white uniforms, with
bright : yellow. sashes. . marched around
and around the corridors several times
and .then headed Tor the court yard,
where the flagralsing took place. * As the
fluttering- colors slowly ascended the pole
Bishop ; Montgomery raised his hand ana
delivered a blessing and "Columbia, th*
Gem of the Ocean," burst from two score
boyish throats. . . : . .
y Over on the baseball ground another
scene 'was being . enacted. Santa i Clara
tried- hard, doubly- hard, -for^the golden
Jubilee, but fortune again was with the
boys from' Palo Alto and In ' nine innings
the score stood 12 to 2 In Stanford's favor.
The makeup of the teams -follows:- ;
New Flag Is Unfurled.
After the conclusion of the mass the
crowd dispersed, some to return to the'r
homes, others to stroll about the sunny
walks of the Old Mission Garden. In the
great dining: hall were tables set for the
visiting clergy and municipal officers of
Santa Clara, who were the guests of the
college. The Rev. Father Kenna happily
discharged the duties of host, and many
and merry were the short speeches and
happy responses. - ¦ ! .'
By 2 o'clock all was again' excitement.
People on every variety of vehicle made
populous the roads leading to the college
and formed an even larger crowd than
had been present in the morning. The
now grand stand erected on the baseball
grounds of the sodality speedily filled up
end the ground was dotted with bright
gowns of the women.
represented by Messrs. Mlnottl and Deeny
of Los Gatos and Villa and Galvln of San
Francisco. ,. , Y : -r.
SCENES AT THE SANTA CLARA
COLLEGE JUBILEE CELEBRA
TION.
THE SAN FRAKCISGO CAL.fi, tVEDNESDAY^, MARCH 20, 1901
been a gathering of good. It has marshaled
the forces of evil. Whatever does not In some
way minister to the knowledge ¦ of Christ is
not grood In. Us end at all. »
Every man will have some day to answer be-
Coyle of New York, Father Rlordan.
Fathers Collins and Jacobl of Los Gatoa,
1-ather Hlckey of San Francisco, Fathers
Gleason, Sasla and Walsh of Ban Jose.
The Jesuit Scholastic Brotherhood was
elor.
2
Humors
Spring's Inheritance From
Winter.
-%
Waste matters which the skin, Jcitl-
neysand other organs were too torpid
(in the cold days) to take care of, and
cannot take care of now without help,
there is such an accumulation of them.
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, and other eruptions,
loss \oi appetite, that tired feeling.
bilious vturns, fits of indigestion, dull
headaches ; and many other troubles
; common in the spring ate due to them.
Hoods Sarsaparilla
removes all humors, overcomes all their
effects,, strengthens and tones the whole
system.
"I broke out with pimples, boils, etc.
Hood's Sarsaparilla stopped this break-
ing out and improved my health." Har-
vey Pelton, Sharon, Kan.
Kood'8-$arsaparl!la; rromSses to
cure and keeps the premise.
oooooooooocooooooo ooooooocooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I KAUFMANN'S j
2 r^ ¥ iv. t ir^ cy "bljt et^ s* %
o r< p |V H Sri 1 1 i-i S s
o a fil i aL^ *JP £ 1 \Jr I ft o
O . -c~a>^c^» g
or-^l/ We believe the present; deluge of advertising about shoes will o
O-vhelp us and you. One literally stands on a soap-box and yells, . o
o "Mine's best and cheapest"; another, to follow the simile, advertises ©
o "Mine's best, too!" and reminds you of their honesty and endeavors o
gi "..; to bask in the sunshine of a reputation won in bygone days— but §
o shattered by misuse. " 0
o Now, who is telling the exact truth? We are not questioning 2
o any one's candor— but facts are facts. Impossible for all shoes to be o
0 best— they require the sense of sight and grasp to convince one that ' g
o there arc differences— the three fifty shoe isnot the limit of Ameri- o
§ can shoemaking ability, nor can they compare with the hand-made °
0 $5.00 or $6.00 ones, no matter who says so. Our $5.00 shoes; are bet- o
g ter than our $3.50 ones; this isn't an age of miracles. Not every °
O shoe is made alike — some are sewed by hand, others by machine. The o
o last modeling of one is far superior to the other, insuring a well- o
0 shaped shoe always, then the finer material and trimmings. °
o Risks are plenty: seeming guarantees are plenty — but you are apt °
P to be met with a ha! ha! if the shoes you buy prove unsatisfactory. 2
0 It is that peculiar excellence which characterizes the style and o
£ quality of our shoes which appeals so strongly to the better dessed 2
0 men and women of San Francisco. We meet their experienced tastes O
g. with the smartest styles immediately upon their -gaining admission into 2
p the ranks of "good form." °
> Remember the newest and best ideas in high-grade shoes may °
5 always be found at Kaufmann's, 832 Market street (formerly- o
J Lucke's); and if they are not as good as we say you get your money o
1 back. .... §
)0000 00 00 0000 0000 00C0 000000000 0000 0000 0000 0000 00000
AD V .E.BTISEBEENTS.
I For fifty years Schlitz K£J
Mj beer has been brewed at E?S
j iS£ Milwaukee. From thi3 |§il
! /j^E city it goes to the remotest §?(«
parts of the earth. The tij
s-j^n sun never sets on Schlitz f^^
tt^3 agencies. Civilized men S§|||
(ja do not live where Schlitz BjTj
S?s! beer is not standard. pw«
Schlitz beer has made B^l
j ¦» Milwaukee famous. It has paSjS
I K^G?! given Milwaukee beer the KJ/J
j £|y distinction of purity, and bgM
¦ i?v£j purity is everything, but Sjr-^a
j .K all Milwaukee beer is not K*Hi
&a Schlitz beer. People now KJ j2
demand a beer that is |*q£g
¦ healthful, and that demand I?|j
; calls for Schlitz. PPH
I j\u£ Schlitz purity is abso- ,FV^|
! lute. Every process is EHEs
j^&r cleanly. Every drop of S^J
/ta the product is cooled in Epa
£^ filtered air. Every barrel fS/j
iyj is filtered — every bottle kPI
• Z&3 is sterilized. Kj&Ij
j /j^j A beer that is aged and B^«
: ||y pure is healthful. That frj
j gg3 is Schlitz. PiU
I 7£l Thcne Main 417. Sherwood & Sher* fefcS
jlJgl wood, 212 Market St., Saa Francisco KJ**J
DB. WCKO WOO TEA LBV HB»B 8ANITAIU3X.
764-783 CLAY STB2JT.
|E>>"JV San Francisco, Dec. 14. 19C0.
Eflfctgga To all whom lt may concern:
g In December. 1S99. I was taken
¦fcfi a sick with Blaclc Typhoid Fever.
rij, 9 the most virulent type known
ltp^Jk to medical se'ence. I bad hem-
*i~?*mi'Q\. orrhages. both nasal and intes-
f^trr^Tt-JcfSt t!naI - tlsht ct lil " latt?r occur-
//tJt'tr&V? lns in one da y- n «- Wong
'tfVWfc&ifcSS Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
¦lclan. was called, and with one dcs« of hi*
tea stopped the flow of blood, , thereby savin*
my life, as I had been civen ab by my whit*
physician, aa well as by all my friends. Wai
unconscious four vtfks. but by Dr. Wont Woo'i
wonderful skill he saved ray lire from this most
fatal of all fever*. Although 1 wa» confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation in t\x months from the tlm» I went to
bed. and now I weigh 202 pounds, mor« than 1
had ever attained previously. I would che«r-
lully recommend Dr. Won* Woo to any one in
need of a flrst^lam physician for any eauac
whatnoever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. J15 OoMca
Gate ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
a F4s P to -' a non-poHMioai
<<V^Xffi*^ *tt>*r«i WE«!.* tor Uocorrhce*,
VVViv*>'*CCUEi»<£?4 P'ee*. 3parmtK>riliai,
6i CJJr lo 1 toidajt-VJ unnatural dij-
IF'if-fjf GainatMuX cb.trgi or any infUram*.
BfiaJf ast u wuitnn. tion, :¦ ritatton or ntcera-
gm?Nmu uut(in> tion I.nncom mera-
KPvnjsEtlsisCHCMtettCo. braIie> -
IA/. T. HESS.
IwCTART KUiU XSJ ATrjd.tJTr.i ?-Z.\y
Tenth Floor Room 1015, ciaua Spreckela Bid*
WMqiEHCSBe; . Telephone Brown 90J *"
Residence, 821 California St., below PoweiL
San Francisco. *«w»u.. The official admitted that the power re
buffed • was ' Great: Britain. . He was ¦ not
willing : to discuss details respecting Tur
kestan, , but:, he : repeated {:. that Russia
abides by.the August declaration and de
sires to , safeguard j the railroad - and her'
10,000- kilometer-long~f rontier. • ---^ ¦¦.<
He ridiculed Uhe^talk of a military con
flict at Tientsin. . He said : r "There is a
misunderstanding . about \ certain- lands,
which the ; English authorities pretend be
long to the railroad company. '- Russia has
expressed her willingness - to examine the
question. If - the .- claim ¦< of ownership .be
fore the Russian occupation Is established
that will end the discussion.; If diplomacy
Is '.unable to settle the controversy; Russia
is -willing to submit to arbitration,. perhaps
to The •, Hague | tribunal or some | other ar
bitrator. .After; England captures Dewet
perhaps she i will have r to * arrange for ; a
military conflict int another part, of the
world: -While ¦ he ; is - promenading around
the .« British ¦ forces ' it s Is ; hardly ¦ probable
that England will seek trouble elsewhere."
: ST. PETERSBURG,' March 19.—Answer
ing a question of a correspondent a com
petent official" to-day said ; "It is not trtie
that Russia has yielded to the representa
tions of any of the powers and modified
her demands -respecting Manchuria,' be-'
caupe no representations have been made.
Every tentative , attempt to '¦¦ address •¦ the
Russian Government on the subject of our
pourparlers with China had, been categor
ically denied. Russia is a great power, and
has the right to hold negotiations . with
any other government,- and -no other
power has the right to interfere. Tenta
tives made. in a friendly; spirit have re
ceived a friendly: answer. -But, plainly
stated, Russia cannot receive Inquiries re
garding the above i pourparlers. • The re
sult thereof will doubtless be made known
later/.'.' •^/v>>:r - •< -' ¦ : :. .;- :\~ , - : , •-• ;•¦.¦¦¦
Was Rebuffed.
RUSSIA'S DEFIANT STAUD.
An Official Tells- How Great Britain
far has not been the subject of a report
to the -State Department from Rockhill,
though ., there is . reason to believe that
some of the Embassadors here have made
it the basis of unofficial conferences with
the Secretary of State. .
WASHINGTON. March 19.— It . is feared
that the negotiations in Peking respecting
Indemnities may fair owing to the greed
of- individual nations^ Mr. Rockhlll, the
United States special commissioner, who
has been In. close communication by cabin
wWi the State Department, has nothing
but discouraging reports to make of this
Important branch of the negotiations. It
appears that the Ministers cannot agree
upon any uniform ¦- basin of ¦ indemnity,
some "of the powers demanding enormous
sums. The amount of Indemnity asked by
the United States is $25,000,000. > >, •
In most eases th« . powers contend for
the right of fixing their, own : indemnities.
The result 'is that each power, in order
not' to be outdone,, fixes, the' total 'of /its
claims at ¦ an enormous- figure, | far beyond
anything knowjj.. to the history of indem
nity collections. • When the point is made
that the sum total of these national claims
Is far beyond the ability of China" to : pay,'
some of the nations reply by professing
a willingness to cut down. their claims as
soon as. the fact . Of China's inability is
manifested. \ . , ...
.However, as' another precaution^- the
same nations promptly adjust their claims
so the scaling, down process,- if • applied,
would still leave^tftem "with a total • in
demnity j claim" at least equal" to that' of
any of the other nations. , < .
The ".difficulty encountered In passing
this point in the negotiations is attracting
more of the attention of the officials here
than the ¦ threatened collision between I the
allies at Tientsin, which,' by the way," thus
Regarding Indemnities.
It May Cause Failure of Negotiations
GREED OP THE NATIONS.
Continued From Page One.
fending this position during the siege.
The same problem, however, was pre
sented last week to the American com
manding, officer and solved very Intelli
gently. American signal service men
laying wires over the Russian concession
were - stopped. Colonel Poote thereupon
wrote, asking permission to lay wires
over the land occupied by the : Russian
troops, and the request was Immediately
granted.
Indicted fpr Shooting Keller.
NEW YORK, March 19.— The Grand Jury
of Hudson County. N. J., to-day handed
down an indictment against Thomas G.
Barter for the shooting of Rev. John Kel
ler at Arlington on February 8 last.
•Life of Minister Attempted.
LONDON, March 20.— The _ St, Peters
burg : correspondent of the - Dally Express
says: "Three hundred arrests were made
to-day (Monday). The Minister : of Jua-
-Women Take Prominent Part.
All the higher schools of the city are
closed, and all the police headquarters are
filled -with arrested persons.* Others in
custody who had been temporarily con
fined in the military riding school were
taken to various prisons to-day In omni
buses. They were cheered by the students
as they passed. ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ .
.The demonstrations Sunday continued
after the affray at the cathedral, at other
places, especially in front of the office of
the police, where some of the persons ar
rested were: taken, in front of the Litov
sky prison and . near -the mining Institute
and the Pontilaw factory. '^^WRMI
A remarkable feature of the demonstra
tions has been the prominent part taken
by women of the higher classes of the
university. ¦gpaJHHBHH
An Official Version.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 19.— The Offi
cial Messenger, which publishes an ac
count-of the recent disorders in various
cities find of Sunday's outbreak
in St. Petersburg, says of the latter: \
"When the crowd, which numbered 3000,
became turbulent the Cossacks and. police
were summoned. The demonstration re
treated to the Cathedral of Our Lady of
Kazan, pelting the Cossacks and police
with various missiles. t
"The students attempted to display red
and white flags bearing various _inscrip
tions. On one side of the cathedral- the
crowd came into violent collision with the
Cossacks and police. A portion retired
Ir.to the cathedral, behaving noisily and_
smoking cigarettes, although the service
was going on, until forcibly expelled.
"Altogether 339 male students, 377 wom
en mostly students,' and 44 other persons
wero arrested. A police commissioner, 20
policemen". 4 Cossacks and 32 rioters, male
and female, were wounded.".
ST. PETERSBURG, Monday. March IS.
Alarm pervades high circles here. The
police have notified house owners to have
their house police report for duty and
hold themselves in constant readiness.
It is apparently confirmed that three
students were killed yesterday. The Cos
sacks rode Into ; the crowds on the side
walk and "many faces were cut open by
their knotted whips. The students and
workingmen threw rubber shoes, canes
and snowballs at the Cossacks. It Is re
ported that one Cossack was killed.
An official of the political police said a
thousand prisoners were taken, among
them being 350 women students. The
presence of workingmen among the' riot
ers rendered this demonstration more
dangerous than any known in a genera
tion. •
- After reading the manifesto the stu
dents threw their crumpled copies into
the crowd*, and raised a flag inscribed
"For Liberty." The students ' also shout
ed "Help us get our rights," and the mob
responded with cheers..
ALARM FOLLOWS RAID
OF CRUEL COSSACKS
Several Persons Killed and Many Wounded
During Sunday's Riots.
tlce was fired at last week, and the Ufa
of another Minister has also been at
tempted."
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 19.— The steam
er City of ,- Vancouver, formerly ~ the Saga,
sailed on her initial trip to the northern coast
to-day. ... ...... . ..
HARNESS STARS
WILL COMPETE
Boralma and The Abbott:~Are
- Matched for a $50,000 '
Purse:
BOSTON,^ March 19— Boralma and The
Abbott have been matched to race for a
purse of $50,000, the race to take place at
Readville next September. The owners
of both horses will each post $10,000 t.<
morrotv at 11 o'clock at a meeting to hi
held in York.' The papers binding
the match will be drawn up at that meet
ing. The match was arranged by telo
pnorie./
Mr. Lawson authorized his New York
agent. John J. Roach, to deposit his $1V
000. Mr. Scannell , has agreed to deposit
his money. The proposal to race for a
purse of $500,000 has not been considered.
The gate receipts are to be evenly divided
between Boston and New York charities.
Mr. Lawson has named the . West End
Nursary and the Industrial School * for
Crippled and Deformed Children.
In an- interview with the Post to-nlgh*.
Mr. Lawson said he had selected Rea-1~
ville and that all that ts necessary now is
to perfect arrangements. He;; said he
would just as willingly have 'a race for
$250,000 a side, but thought a purse of $50,
000 sufficient. - .
RIVAL FORCES STILL REFUSE TO WITHDRAW
Gossip Has It That He Will
Be Appointed Harbor
Commissioner.
Political gossip on the topic of Harbor
Commissioner to succeed Major P. J. Har
ney Is unusually active. A few days ago
The Call mentioned that the insiders wero
sure a "dark horse" would win the race.
Last night information was received
which leads to the belief that the Gov
ernor will appoint Wakefield Baker to
the Harbor Commission. Mr. Baker is a
member of the executive committee of the
Republican State Committee and in the
campaign last fall rendered the party
good service. He is a merchant of high
standing and excellent business attain
ments.
Many of the politicians still adhere to
the opinion that ex-Supervisor Edward
Aigeltinger is in the race. It is known
he Is supported by merchants" of the high
est grade. Senators Leavitt and Bettman
are said to be hopeful of executive favor,
but the Indications are the Governor will
recognize some well-known business man
of this city. Major Harney's term of four
years has expired and the Governor iy
therefore at liberty to appoint the major's
successor at any time.
Governor Gage came to the city last
Saturday night, but left here Monday af
ternoon. Colonel George Stone, chairman
of the Republican State Committee, re
turned to San Francisco from Honolulu
yesterday. .¦ -:v;=---. Y "
A story comes from trustworthy sources
that Governor Gage and Paris Kilbucn,
president of the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners, are slightly at outs. The
patronage of the water front has not been
placed according to the wishes of the Gov
ernor It is said that Commissioner Kil
bu'rn has liatly declined to urge several
appointments which the Govonwr has re
commended.
WAKEFIELD BAKER
MAY BE THE MAN
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March
19. — Dr. Frank A. Fetter, professor
of economics, will not resume his
work at Stanford University next
- year. This is the news which
reached here to-day in a letter written by
Dr. Fetter to his mother, who resides in
Palo Alto. The reason given - for , this
decision is his sympathy for Dr. Edward
A. Ross, who was forced to resign from
Stanford last November. Though theHwo
professors were associated together "only
two years in the department of political
economy at Stanford, they became fast
friends. Both were graduates of Cornell
University. l '
Professor Fetter is at present at Cor
nell." where 1 he has been since last May
on leave of absence, without pay. This
time has been devoted, to writing a book
upon the history of economic theory. He
Schwab's Salary Not Fixed.
PITTSBURG. March 19.— The Leader
says: It was learned to-day that the re
port that Mr. Schwab is to bo the head
of the steel combine at a salary of $800,000
to $1,000,000 has no basis in fact. Schwab
will become the president if he wishes, but
that will have to come about In the legal
selection of officers after the combine has
been formed, at which - time the salary
question will be settled.
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— W. S. Pentland,
a miner and formerly a echool teacher, was
accidentally killed last Saturday, by the pre
mature explosion of a blast in a mine In the
San Gabriel Canyon,' above Azusa. . ;
WOODLAND. March 19.— The Yolo Oil
Company, organized by T. L. Reed, who
made a fortune In developing oil in Yolo
County, will begin sinking a well within
fixty days. Reed recently purchased the
Pali & Cramer tract in Western Yolo, and
Is negotiating for 14,000 acres more.
Yolo Oil Development.
NEW YORK, March 19-Murray Ham
ilton Hall, who in life masqueraded as a
man, associated with men, was politician
and member of Tammany Hall and had
been married to a woman for many years,
but after death was found to be a woman,
carried out her deception even to her will,
in which reference is made to her de
ceased wife." The will, a short document.
was filed to-day for probate. It reads as
follows: • /.
"I. Murray H. Hall of New Tork City,
being of sound and disposing mind and
considering the uncertainty of life, do
make, publish and declare this to be my
last will and testament, as follows, here-,
by revoking all other and former wills by
me at any time made:
"First— After my lawful debts are paid
I give, devise and bequeath all my prop
erty, both personal and leal and wherever
situated, to I mold a A. Hall, and especially
request that at my death said Imelda A.
Hall shall cause to be erected a suitable
headstone over the grave of my deceased
wife, Celia F. L* Hall."
queraded as a Man, Provides for
Headstone for "Deceased Wife."
Murray Hamilton Hall, Who Mas-
CABBIES DECEPTION
EVEN TO X HEB WILL
has already been engaged to deliver a
course of lectures in the Cornell summer
school the coming summer and it. is be
lieved that he has been offered a 'position
by Professor . J«nks, head of the-depart
ment of economics, under whom Dr. Fet
ter received his training. • •* :
President Jordan, when seen to-night,
said that he was not free to discuss the
matter of Dr. Fetter's return, as the lat
ter had requested him not to do; so until
he should . hear from -him again. -While
the news of Fetter's resignation has not
come to him from official sources he does
not discredit U, as he feels that Dr. : Fetter
has a better .'position off ered . him on . the
facultv of his alma mater. . ¦
The resignation of Dr. Fetter leaves the
economics department in a crippled condi
tion. Dr.s Fetter was promoted to a full
professorship last year | and would have
been acting head -of his department had
he returned next September.^
~- PROFESSOR FRANK A. FETTER. WHO HAS RESIGNED FROM STAN
FORD. HE WAS REGARDED AS THE PROBABLE SUCCESSOR' OF
DR. ROSS AS HEAD OF THE ECONOMICS DEPARTMENT.
PORTSMOUTH. Ohio. March 19.— Word
has reached this city of a terrible fight
xvhich occurred at Turkey Creek, about
fifteen miles from this city, Sunday night.
Mollie Wlssman and Nellie Gray, two
young country belles, quarreled over th«»
attention shown them by Ed Montgomery.
Mips Wissman stabbed Miss Gray in two
places, one wound in the back being over
rix inches in length. She was arrested and
•win be held pending developments.
Turkey Creek, Ohio, the Scene of a
Terrible Fight in Which One
Girl Is Wounded.
bill.
COUNTRY BELLES
FIGHT FOB LOVES
RIVERSIDE. March 19.— Should the bill
xjow before the Governor, providing
the parole of life term prisoners, become
a Uitr by his signature, the chances are
t.iat three convicts at present serving life
wntenees from this county will soon bi
released under its terms. As a result the
law abiding people of Riverside County
arc up ia arms, for three of the most
atrocious murders ever committed in this
section •would go unavenged.
The one of the trio who would receive
bb freedom in the event the amendment
to the codje is adopted is Charlie Marshall,
•who four vears ago wavlaid and shot to
death Frank Hamilton and the latters
friend late one night near San Jacinto.
He had a personal grudge against the
two men and took this means of "getting
even." ,
The other two are John and Caesar
Cummings, whose brutal murder thre»
years ago of Thomas C. Narramore, the
•well-known Los Angeles capitalist, is ye*
iresh in the minds of the people of South
ern California. Narramore came to visit
his ranch near ihere tfnd when the broth
cnC who were his tenants, disagreed with
) :m over the payment of rent they beat
him to death with rocks and then secreted
his tKKly in the brush. At the time of the
crime excitement was at fever heat .and
it was with great difficulty that the mur
derers were saved from being lynched.
All three men are desperate character".
There i^ talk of telegraphing a petition to
'iovernor Gage, asking that he veto the
Riverside Citizens Fear Three Notori
ous Murderers Will Be Given
Freedom.
PRISON PAROLE BILL
IS STRONGLY OPPOSED
Sophie Croizette.
{PARIS, March 19.— Mile. Sophie Croi
zette, a French actress, died here to-day.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 19.-Mrs. Ze
relda G.- -Wallace, widow" of the late Gov
ernor Wallace, died to-day at the home of
her daughter. Mrs. J. H. Sterner at Cat
aract, near this city, aged 84 years. Mrs.
Wallace was the step-mother, of General
Lew Wallace, the author. She was known
throughout the United States because -of
her connection with the W. C. T. U. and
woman suffrage work.
Zerelda G. Wallace.
Vii/-. Leander Parkar. ' :
CHICAGO. Mar. 19.— Leander Parker,
for' eighteen' years general 'superintendent
of the Postal Telegraph, died at his home
in Evanston to-day after a long illness.
Parker resigned his position with the Pos
tal Telegraph- Company the first of the
year owing to ill-health. Mr. Parker had
charge of the construction of the western
lines of the Postal when that company
was extending its system throughout the
West. He entered the telegraph service
in 1S55 and for the first three years of the
Civil War served as a military operator.
Mr. Parker was born in Canada In 1S37. •
BOSTON. March 19.— Dr. W. F.' Chan
ning." son of the philosopher/ Dr. William
Ellery" Channing. died at the Perry Hos
pital to-day, aged 81 years. He was grad
uated in the class with Dr. Edward Ever
ett Hale and later took a doctor's degree
from the University of Pennsylvania. He
lived in Providence for many years. Six
teen years ago he moved to Pasadena,
Cal., as hia wife's health was delicate.
She died ¦ there and • six . months ago Dr.
Channing returned to Boston. On his
elghty-flrst birthday pneumonia developed
and a breakdown due to advanced agu
resulted in his death.'.'. - , - \ . :
Dr. W. F. Channing.
SAN DIEGO, March 19.— Several thou
sand persons witnessed the exercises held
this-morning connected with laying the
cornerstone of the public library build
ing for this, city, for which Andrew Car
negie donated $50,000. The exercises were
under the direction of Grand Master J. A.
Foshay ¦ of San Francisco, 6V the Grand
Lodge of Masons, and members of the lo
cal lodges participated. Philip Morse was
president of the day and Judge M.' A.
Luce grand orator. «<
THE DAY'S DEAD.
San Diego's Library Dedicated.
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— The case
agfaiust Coroner Holland for presenting a
claim to the Board of Supervisors for
transportation expenses when he had -in
reality ridden upon free passes has been
placed in the hands of the District Attor
ney, and that official announces that it
win be prosecuted with vigor. The pro
ceedings are in the nature of a' civil suit,
and, if the Coroner be convicted, will re
sult in the forfeiture of his office under
Article 12, Section 19. of the State consti
tution, which provides that "the accept
ance of any such pass or ticket • • • by
any public officer v * • •shall work a
forfeiting of his office."
Mileage When Riding Upon
a Pass.
Official Must Answer for Charging
SUIT TO OUST LOS
ANGELES' CORONER
The first attempt was planned to be
made on the occasion of the jubilee of the
Naval Cadet Corps, whose ball the Czar
had promised to attend. Ills Majesty
was ready to start and was awaiting h".«i
carriage when General Kleigels .arrived
at the palace and informed him he must
not go, several suspicious~persons belong
ing to the Revolutionist party having been
arrested at the Nicolal bridge, with 'arms
and forged passports. He informed hla
Majesty that the prisoners were probably
emissaries of the Central Nihilist Com
mittee at Zurich. The visit was accord
ingly abandoned.
The second affair occurred In the middle
of January, when the Czar, accompanied
by his mother, visited the "Ceramic ex
hibition. When entering one of ths
rooms members of the committee
who were escorting the imperial party
noticed that an unknown man wa^
hurriedly approaching the Czar. As the
public had been excluded and those au
thorized to attend had been carefully se
lected, the presence of a stranger excited
suspicion. Several of the Czar's party
hastened to meet him to lead him away.
Thereupon the man thrust his hand In hu«
pocket He was instantly seized. When
searched a bomb was found in his pocket.
He has since disappeared from public
view. and. the correspondent adds, it wi'l
probably be a long time before any one
learns of his whereabouts
BERLIN, March 19.— Stories are current
of recent attempts upon the Czar's. life in
connection with the widespread revolu
tionary movement, of which the student V
riots ln'St. Petersburg and elsewhere are
alleged to form a part. The Tageblatfs
St. Petersburg correspondent alleges to
have learned from an unquestionable
source of two separate conspiracies to
assassinate his Majesty.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Upon One Occasion a Suspected
Stranger Is Arrested at a Pri
vate Exhibition, and a
Bomb Found in Pocket.
Two Attempts Upon His Life
Said to Have Been
Made.
ALLEGED PLOTS
TO KILL CZAR
One 'of these, "which seemed to be sup
ported authority, was that Harri
man had-obtained control and had held it
longer than a month. This story in the
main was - to the effect that Harriman
had gone to New. England Investors in
the stock several weeks ago and offered
them a price for their snares. It was
higher than that on the market at the
time, ; but considerably lower than the
figures to which it has since risen. The
effer was accepted by a number of hold
ers of large blocks.
Another story is that Harriman did not
succeed in obtaining as much Burlington
etock as he expected. Reports that he
was a buyer had the effect of sending up
the . price. , and - since that time all Harri
man s efforts* to get enough stock to give
him absolute control at a price that suits
are said to have failed, and it is asserted
that he has turned seller.
CHICAGO. March 19.— RUmbrs concern
ins a change of control of I the Burling
ton system came thick and fast to-day..
Special Dispatch to The -Call.
New, England Investors Beported ; to
Eave> Sold 3Jarge Blocks at ,
Prices Higher Than Mar
'Z ket Quotations.
Many Rumors Concerning a
Change/of Control of =
the System.
HARRIMAN BUYS
BURLINGTON STOCK
SHIPPING FRUIT
BY NEW ROUTE
Great Northern Handling
California Oranges for
the East.
6POKAKE, March 13. —The Great
Northern Rail-way. In connection with
the PaclSc Coast Company, is seeking to
establish a new route for the shipment
East of California oranges. A trial ship
ment of fourteen carloads Is on the
rte&mship I_"matilia, ¦which ¦will arrive at
Seattle on Sunday. Fourteen large re
frigerator cars, with engine attached, will
be waiting at the dock. As soon as the
oranges have been transferred to the
cars the train will start. It will average
trre&ty-fiTe miles an hour to St Paul.
The train will be accompanied by super
intendents of each division and the ad
vance orders sent out by the railway offi
cers show that it v.ill go hard with train
news responsible for any delays. The
tuimated time from Seattle to "St. Paul
is less than four days.
6 Schedules.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cargo Carried to Seattle by Steam
ship Is There Transferred to
Trains Running on Fast
THE BAN FR ANcisCO CAJAJ, WEDN BSD AY, MARCH 20, 1 90 1.
QUITS THE STANFORD
UNIVERSITY FACULTY
Pfofessor Frank A. Fetter Resigns 'From
the Economics Department as an
OutgroWtfi of the Ross Affair
3
; ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦
THEORIES ABOUT FOOD.
Also a Few Facts on the Same Sub-
__ject. . ... . r
¦ We hear much , nowadays - about \ health
foods and hygienic living; about • vegeta-
rianism and many other fads along the
same line. : -¦-...¦ ». . ' -
Restaurants: may be found In the" large
cities whpre no moat, pastry or coffee is
served and the food crank is in his glory,
and arguments and theories \ galore ad-
vanced to prove that meat was never in-
tended for human, stomachs, and almost
make us believe . that our sturdy ances-
tors who lived four score years in robust
health on - roast beef, pork and mutton
must have been grossly ignorant of the
laws of health.. . , • . ,. ¦ ;- •
Our forefathers had other things to do
than % formulate theories : about the food
they ate.: A warm welcome was extended
to any. kind from bacon to acorns.
.. A ,. healthy » appetite and common sense
are excellent guides to follow In matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats is undoubtedly the best.
As compared with grains and vegetables,
meat furnishes the > most nutriment in a
highly concentrated form and is digested
and assimilated more quickly than vege-
tables and grains. ~ ,.
r>r. - Julius ¦ Remmson on» this subject
says: Nervous persons, people run down
in health and of low vitality should ¦ eat
meat and plenty of It. .If the digestion Is
too' feeble at first it; may be easily cor-
rected by.the regular use of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia .Tablets ¦ after each meal. Two of
these excellent tablets taken after'dlnner
will i digest A several thousand grains " of
meat, eg&s or other animal food in three
hours, and no matter how weak the stom-
ach may be no trouble will be experienced
If; a ' regular practice Is made of using
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because they
supply ithe pepsin and diastase necessary
to perfect digestion and. every form of in-
digestion will be overcome by their use.
That large class of people who come un-
der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
eat plenty { of meat and • insure 'its proper
digestion by the dally use of a safe, harm-
less digestive medicine like Stuart's Dys-
.pepsia Tablets. , composed . of - the - natural
digestive principles,' pepsin," diastase, fruit
acids and, salts, - which actually perform
the • work , of .-- digestion. „ Cheap ¦ cathartic
medicines, i masquerading . under the name
of dyspepsia .cures, are useless: for indi-
gestion,' as. they,: have absolutely no I effect
uponithe actual digestion of food.
; : Dyspepsia^ in all Its many forms is sim-
ply a failure of the stomach t6 digest food,
and ithe * sensible - ; way i to solve the' riddle
and 'curel the dyspepsia- is:- to make dally
use % at ; mealtime of s a preparation ¦; like
Stuart's 'Dyspepsia 'Tablets.; which: Is in-
dorsed v by . the . medical-- Drofession and
known to ¦ contain > active • digestive princi-
ples.^;. '¦ ;¦. ¦¦; . ; ; : -¦ ¦ ¦•¦ ¦ ¦. r " ';. .
; All druggists [-_ Bell . Stuart's - Dyspepsia
Tablets at 50c for full treatment.'. - •¦-*¦¦
"- ¦ A v little ., booklet: on > cause » and - cure ~ot
ptomach trouble mailed free by addressing
F. A. Stuart Co.", Marshall," Mich.
V . : _ . DB. vtt.tvtr-r.»3 SWAMP-BOOT. ;
DO NOT NEGLECT
- YOUR KIDNEYS
Because if Kidney Trouble Is Permitted to Con-
/ tinue Fatal Results Are Sure to Follow.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by MaiL ¦
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease; therefore, when through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are* sure to follow.
Your other organs may Ireed attention— but your kidneys most*
because they do most and need attention first.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs
to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr. your water frequently night and day.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney smarting or Irritation In passing, brick-
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It dust or sediment In the trrlne, headache,
stands the highest for its wonderful cures backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep*
of • the most distressing cases. Swamp- lessness, nervousness, heart disturbance
Root will set your whole system right, due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
and the best proof of this is a trial. tions from bad blocd. neuralgia, rheu-
14 WEST. 117th sf., NEW TORK CITT. matlsm, diabetes, bloating, Irritability,
DEAR SIR: . OCT. 13th. 1900. wornout feeling, lack of ambition. Iojs
.^.S&^J3f£S£Sr&. S"i«K2- «f «•*• 8 *"™ complexion, or Bright'*
i ray former strength and power had left me; aisease.
I could hardly dnag myself along. Even my if your water when allowed to remain
¦ mental capacity 4-as giving out, and often I un fli« t urb<»d In" a elass or battle for
wished to die. it was then I saw an adver- unaisturDea in a glass or Dottle ror
tlaement of yours In a New York paper, but twenty-four Hours, forms a seaunen fc or
would not have paid any attention to It had settling or has a cloudy appearance, It Is
it not promised a sworn guarantee with every evidence that your kidneys and bladder
bottle of your medicine. - asserting that your „__,» «___ji»*^ «»?„_»««-
Swamp-Root is purely vegetable, and does need immediate attention,
not contain any harmful druses. I am »ev- Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
enty years and four months old. and with a Dr . Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
Rood conscience I can recommend Swamp- - _ --.-i-n.* w«-«n«i. ««« i* — i»k —«-
Root to all sufferers from kidney troubles, der specialist. Hospitals use It with won-
Four members of my family have been using derf Ul success In both slight and severs
Swamp-Root for four different kidney dis- cases. Doctors recommend It to their
e^i%^ t , h nv th . e »,»^- e tn 0^n r ''T U i t /r;»in patients and use it In their own families.
W lth many remain. hec!iUse they recognize In Swamp-Root
ROBERT BERNER. the greatest and mest successful remedy.
Tou may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, for sale the world over at druggists in
cent free by mail, postpaid, by which you bottles of two. sizes and two prices)— iflfty
may tcjt its virtues for such disorders as cents and one dollar. Remember the
kidney, bladder and uric add diseases, name. Swamp-Rodt, and the address,
poor digestion, when obliged to pass Binghamton, N. T. ?
FDITORIAL NOTICE.-If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney
or bladder trouble, cr if there is a trace of it -in your familv history, send at once
to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail, im-
mediately. wlthAut cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book con-
taining many ofithe thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from
men and women |fcured. In writing, be sure to say that you read this generous offer
In the San Frandsco Daily Call. -. •
1 B, KATSCHINSKI,
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I 10 THIRD ST., Sao Francises.
|j Nothing adds more to the ao-
M p-arance of a child than stylish
Rl shoes, and to be strictly uo-to-
H date they must be RED. We have
g the best selected stock in this" citr.
I and we offer the following special
¦ prices:
B Infanta' Red Kid Button, cizes TB _
g 14 to «. widths C to E. C OC
jm Children's and Misses' Red Kid Lac«
1 Shoes, with coin toe* and tips and
3 spring heels, widths B to D.
g Sizes 4\i to g 03«
88 Size* Si* to 11 BlJtO
m Slxea UH to 2 $1.UO
g FOU NpnETEEN TEARS ¦"¦»•
n have been in business In this elty. and
B during that time w« have ali*ay.«
I Rh ¦' treated our customers fairly and
i m , squarely. Our expenses havo been
jj light and we have always prided our-
I i selves on selling the best shoes for
j the ' least money.
jB * - We . close at « p. m. on week day*
| and 11 p. . m. on Saturday, and - will
3 continue to close at those hours. PRO-
B V1DED ALL OTHER SHOE STORES
| DO THE SAME.
1 PHILADE LPHlFSHOE CO.
1 10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco. \
-V. *"*¦¦ ¦-¦¦ BB
| When a man gets a $io made-to-order
suit delivered to his home after ordering, he ||
| can try it on and examine the fit and finish B
: carefully. Now. should he be disappointed in m
\ any way, he can return the suit and we will ||
I make necessary alterations, or, if he wants, we ||
wi 1 return his money. V^ ¦ S
: Occasionally we do have to r.lter a suit, H
g but nin'ety-fiva out of a hundred are kept by g
H the customers and worn with perfect satisfac- B
1 tion until the suit is laid aside. ||
N At any time wi hin a year the suit can 11
p.: Le brought in and we will repair it. We d. B
fcj .his to demonstrate that we can make to B
P crder a substantial sui: for $io. Any man W
H who wants to economize on his clothing bill p
kA ou^ht to get samples and crder one of these B
fa Of course, the samples are plentiful and H
Pj2 free to interested people. H
Vft Suits for out-of-town customers mzde through our 3
p 1 ? self'TiviasuriniS system. »|
p 718 Market .Street and ||
|| * Cop. Powell & Eddy Sts. v (STNTSW ORLEANS. March . 19.— Weather
threatening; track fast. Results:
Bristol Wins Steeplechase.
;";The;court is -of -.the opinion that the matter
.under consideration set forth In the affidavit Is
[wholly foreign to your duties V for * the t reason
that you as a Grand Jury arcutterly powerless
to lndlct. ; Dresent: or 'move; the. court" or any
authority, to any. action . In the premises even
If: you -were 1 to ascertain = that any county or
other Officers, were- rldlnsr on; railway passes
'The accepting -and using of freo passes- bv
county or State officers is nowhere made a
crime by:our statutes ; but the constitution of
our State provide* (article XII. section 19: "And
the acceptance of any such pass or ticket . • * *
by any public ofneer • • • , shall, work a for
feiting of his; of flee." The Grand- Jury' j»
powerless, to enforce In any manner thts'provi
sion otx>ur. constitution. That duty Is placed
on other shoulders, and the enforcement of that
provision; of our constitution Is a civil proceed
ing by quo warranto. . - .
" Our.Supreme Court ha* heldl that the accept
ance of ; a rt-allroad i pass ¦ by • a^ public of fleer is
S? 1 a /« crtrtl ?-».- > U timol y ' works , a ' forfeiture of
nis office, -: the - same , aa where a State . of fleer
accepts -an appointment or: Is elected f to a
United , Btatei office,'; or fails to file a bond or
removes from; the State. ¦ .*
--The Investigation .was that of 'Coroner
Holland,, who i& alleged to have used a
railroad . pass and charged the county
mileage. , v '. . . rf
In his ruling Judge Smith said:
On Saturday morning Foreman Lewis
handed Judge Smith an affidavit wherein
It was stated that a certain- witness on a
matter before that body refused to an
swer . questions or: produce books. • F. ' B:
Henderson.^ chief clerk to the Santa Fe
General manager,- was -the witness re
erred to: Henderson refused I to . produce
the pass list. 'and this morning. Judge
Smith told the Grand Jury the matter
was none; of its business; and out of its
province'pf Inquiry. — _ . • : ; .
LOS ANGELES, March 19.— Judge Smith
of the Superior. Court gave the members
of the Grand Jury an uncomfortable ten
minutes this'; morning.} He- told, them In
plain English that they were following -a;
line of . Investigation wholly foreign to
their duties. .
RAILWAYS NEED NOT
PRODUCE PASSBOOKS
OAKLAND. Marca 13.— Xorrts & Rowe's
trained animal show will make its last
appearance in Oakland lo-morrow after
noon and evening. Itis.exhlbltlng on the
corner of' Twelfth ana Jackson streets
and is giving Oakland Its full perform
ance, which is the best of Its kind. Tha
local lodge of Elks has taken the show
under its patronage.
Trained Animals in Oakland.
At the adjourned annual meeting of the
California Cricket Association held Mon
day evening delegates were present from
the Alamcda.. Pacific. Santa Cruz and Sac
ramento Cricket clubs. The business
transacted at the annual meeting held on
March 4 was ratified nn<\ a committee ap
pointed to prepare a schedule of matches
lor the coming ycaton. The Sacramento
and Santa Cruz Country Club teams will
take part In the cricket matches for the
pennant of IC^l, .1 minimum of six
matches to b* played by each club. The
Sacramento and Santa Orur Cricket club*
will play thoir matches with each other
at Alaratda. and e*ch or the city clubs
willjpaya vl«it to Santa Cruz and Sacra
mento. A sanction was granted to the
Sacramento Club to play a match against
the Citrus Colony cricket eleven.
Cricketers Arrange Matches.
Oxford and Cambridge Bowers.
: LONDON. March 19.— Oxford rowed over
the! full course from Putney..to Mort Lake
to-day in 20 minutes and 50 seconds' on 'a
rough -flood .tide.~.\,The,~ Cambridge, crew
covered .the' same . distance on < Saturday
on an ebb .tide In .20 minutes and 48
seconds. " ':"[¦' i, \ .
,- t ....'*" •
LOa - March. 19."— Charles ¦ Carry.
charged J with forging | the j name of . Qeorge, W.
Duncan to - a check ' for : $15, pleaded guilty ' to
dav > and , was sentenced to , one - year , In • San
Quer.tln." He^ formerly; worked at Sacramento.
Fire'Burns a Dwelling That Wa3
Brought Around the Horn."
MONTEREY, March 19.— One of the
most interesting landmarks of early Cali
fornia'days In ;thls* town was destroyed
yesterday,by,flre. It was one of the three
Klric : houses brought', to Monterey from
New York around, the Horn in 1S46 by the
late Milton. Little. This house, together
with that near It. which is now occupied
by Mr.;Llttle'B widow, was. set up on the
Little grant: In -what Is now New. Mon
terey, and has long been one of the sights
of the town. -5 David Little, eldest son of
the lato owner, has occupied it for, a num
ber of years. .• • -": ¦
'; The * flro . started ¦; from a defective flue
and had > gained considerable headway be
fore It was '< discovered. A large part of
the -furniture and other belongings were
saved,"; and of ; course the, -zinc was not
consumed, though badly , twisted , and . ren
dered useless by the' flames; ';
MONTEREY .'.'_ LANDMARK . GONE.
Glenbern ; Sunday. . He and .; Malcolm Mc-
Arthur were occupying the same room on
a ranch. - At 2 o'clock In the; morning
House got, out of bed In his Bleep, jumped
through the window, tearing the sash out.
and alighting on the porch roof several
feet" below to the edge and dropped
eight feet to the ground. . . , . ;
Malcolm McArthur was - awakened by
the^ noise.' ' He - saw House : crawling to
ward the porch, and seizing his rifle was
about to shoot him for a burglar when the
somnambulist arrested him with a cry of
pain. In Jumping through the window the
glass had severed an artery In his leg just
above the ? ankle. McArthur twisted a
handkerchief above the leg and succeeded
in stanching the flow of blood.
Roommate Then Mistakes Him for a
Burglar and Threatens
His Life.
KESWICK,' March 19.— Jesse House had
a strange somnambulistic experience at
SOMNAMBULIST JUMPS'
FROM A HIGH WINDOW
MEMPHIS. Tenn., March 19.— Johnny
Ritchie of St. Louis won from GToung
Mowatt ; of : Chlcaro. . here to-night* after
twelve rounds of the fastest: fighting seen
in Memphis lately. Mowatt»was so groggy
that ' he could not ; have cone on.
Ritchie Defeats Young Mo watt.
NEW YORK, March 13.— The spring sale
of high class trotting horses conducted
by , the Faslg-Tlpton Company, began at
Madison Square Garden to-day. To-night
Chehalis. the noted black pacer, was sold
to W L.' Davis of Chelsea. Mass. He paid
12200 for the animal. During the day and
night sales eighty-five animals were dis
posed of at a total of $23,736, or an aver
age of S27S 63 each.
Sals of High-Class Trotters.
AUBURN. March, 19.— An attempt to
break jail was thwarted here last night.
It Is the -custom of Deputy. Sheriff Lee
Coan to /go into the general jail room
every evening and to lock up the prison
ers in' their individual cells. The plan
was » for one. of -the prisoners to secrete
himself over ¦ the entrance and as Coan
came in to strike him with some heavy
instrument. .Fortunately the deputy dis
covered something wrong before he
opened the door, and calling the Sheriff to
his assistance found one of the prisoners
on bended knees overhead. In his hands
was' part of a broom handle, on which
was'; tied, a larne rock, made further se
cure-by being wrapped with a strip of an
old shirt. Had Coan entered the room he
would> have -.been hit on the head with
this weapon.
Be Jail-Breakers.
Auburn I>eputy Sheriff Foils Would-
CAUTION SAVES HIS LIFE.
SAN JOSE.. March 19.-Mrs. Maud No
lan (nee Treadwell) of San Francisco,
whose recent suit against her husband
for a- divorce was compromised, was
thrown from a cart while riding yes
terday and badly bruised about the face
and head. She was picked up unconscious.
A colored maid who was with her was
slightly Injured. Ws$*ira^l!)
•Mrs. Nolan was driving down Santa
Clara street, r.nd when near Vine her
horse • shied and collided with a hay
wagon, upsetting th%> rig. She was car
ried Into a stcre and a physician sum
moned. "When ishe recovered conscious
ness Mrs. -Nolim was removed to the
home of her bi other, J. P. -Treadwell, at
Santa Clara, with whom she is visiting.
There is a cut over her left eye and her
cheek is bruised. ~.
"With a Hay "Wagon.
MBS. MAUD NOLAN" IN JTJBED.
Thrown. From Her Cart by a Collision
This morning the first round at match
play will take place. Miss O'Connor being
paired with MIsf A. C. Hoffman, Miss
Morgan with Miss Ives and Miss Crockett
apainst MIfs Houghton. Mrs. R. G.
Brown crew the bye.
Fix Ladies Will Take Part in Opening
Match Play Bound on Presidio
Links.
Seven !adlfs played Monday morning
on the Presidio links in the qualifying
round over eighteen holes for the fourth
competition for the Council'* Cup for
Wociw. The scores were as follows:
GOLF GIHLS QUALIFY
FOB. CUP COMPETITION
To-day the second or semi-final round
will be played, Mrs. R. G. Brown being
drawn against Miss M. B. Houghton and
Miss F. Ivcs against Miss Alice Hoffman.
The final round may be played at any
time agreed on between the two contes
tants, but will probably take place to
morrow. Th<» final round will probably
be hctwwn Mrs. R. G. Brown and Miss
Alice Hoffman, with the odds considerati
on the former.
The seven players who qualified were
drawn in the opening match play round
yesterday as follows: Miss O'Connor vs.
Miss Alice C. Hoftman. Miss Morgan vs.
Miss Florence Una, and Miss Caro Crock
ett vf. Miss M. U. Houghton. Mrs. R. G.
Blown drawing the bye. Yesterday morn
irip iliss Hoffman won her match by de
fault. Miss O'Connor failing to put in an
apofarance. Miss M. B. Houghton, In the
ubsrnoe of hor opponent. Miss Crockett,
took th« match. Miss Ives beat Miss Mor
gan. 9 up. 7 to play -
An. attempt made at the hearing to-day
to secure an adjournment to Thursday on
the pica that a further conference between
the Interested parties might bring- about
an agreement as to administrator was un
successful. This move for an adjourn
ment was made by counsel for .the heirs
favoring Messrs. Norton and Percival as
administrator*. Judge Nobbs adjourned
the hearing indefinitely, leaving .the ques
tion as to the amount of the administra
tor's bonds still open.
I The rullnjc of Judge Nobbs is that the
Bridgeport Trust Company shall remain
as 6ole administrator, the motion for the
appointment of George "W. Smith, n
nephew of the dead ¦millionaire, as .-co
administrator betns denied. • .«
BRIDGEPORT. Conn.. March 19.— Tho
first step In what may prove to' be pro
longed litigation over the estate of mil
lions left by Georce F. Oilman, the tea
merchant, was taken this afternoon, when
at the conclusion of the hearing before
Judge Nobbs in the Probate Court It was
announced that counsel for those' heirs
who desired the appointment of Edward
L. Norton and Edward Percival of New
York as^ administrators would appeal JLo
tho Superior Court from the Probate
Judge's decision.
Appeal Taken From Probate
Judge's Decision as to
• Administrators.
PROLONGED STRIFE
OF GILMAN HEIRS
Sixth Race — Six and a half furlongs; maiden
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
2f«0 Meadowlark ..110 2100 Talma 110
1223 Hipponax 110 2152 GUssando 110
3183 Tom Calvert ..110 1898 Morelia 110
2051 Amelia Fonso..ft0 2079 LUzella 110
2U.3 Aluminum ....110 215S Gold Baron ....110
621 Midian .........110 1SCT Bixford 110
Third Race— One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and up; Belling:
2110 Limelight 1(H«( 2150 Josephine B....104
(2149)Free Lance ...114 2077 Topmast 113
2103 Ostler Joe ....114 2107 El Mldo Ill
20S3 Lavator ..: Ill I /
Fourth Race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
2019 Alas HOl 209} Montanus 119
(2142)Satan 110| 19Sd-Tain 110
<202-j)Rrown Prlnce..llO! 210J Royal Prize ..110
2131 Cromwell 110 2048 First Call 110
<:**S> Me Albert 110! 2155 Merops Alt
2122 Racetto U<JU:ilO)Tizona. 110
Second Race — Three and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse: ¦
!<127 Dan Collins -.103 20S7 Silva Cruz 111
2147 S*n Luition ...103 2065 Phyllis 10S
2147 Ogle 106 2123 Priam 108
.... George Clark. ..Ill (2M6)Zirl 115
213 Minerva 103 (2147)Hory Ough 118
2104 lrma A 103 Kl Barto XOS
First Race — Six furlong*; three-year-olds;
selling: .
2134 Nellie Forest. .109 (2124)Cuihton 1C9
*/W Tola Ill 2097 Skip Me 109
2024 Small Jack ...104 2111 Moonbrlght ...109
2134 Eonic 102 2148 Illilouon 104
1614 Scr.f-nWl UakelOZ 214$ Birdie Stone ..102
2070 Tony Lepping..lO7 S05J Compass 102
To-Day's Entries.
The two stakes of the California Jockey
Club, the Pacific Union and Gebhard, will
be run off at Tanforan on the dates al
ready set, namely: The Pacific Union,
next Saturday. March 23. and the Geb
hard on Saturday, April 13.
Track Note.
In the divorce suit of ' Christine Ker
chafer against her husoand, Gustave, a
writ of execution has been issued to com^
pel the defendant to pay back alimony
and costs.
Anna May Dunlao has begun suit for
divorce from Preston H. Dunlap on the.
ground of failure to provide. The couple
have been married tor twenty-six years
and have two children." Mrs. Dunlap as
serts that her husband's dissipation has
wrecked their married life.
But she admitted that Jenkins was a
kind father - and wn3 quite willing that
he should have the custody of the two
minor children, of whom she was sure
he would take good care.
Mrs. Emma A. Jenkins was granted a
decree of divorce to-day from Charles
Jenkins. The wife told her story on the
stand, relating a long series of quarrels
and acts of violence. On one occasion
Jenkins threw a squash at her head and
then took' a big knife and threatened to
cut her heart out. — • —
On the score of his treatment of . his
wife he denies that cutting the telephone
wires was an act of cruelty, and says
that his wife doesn't know whether or not
he did it anyway. He claims that 4he
should not have been frightened at his
pointing his revolver at her as she didn't
know whether or not it was loaded. -
But alkwlll be well, says the' affiant.
If Mrs. Welch will come home without
her mother. .
The whole trouble, says Welch, is due
to his mother-in-law's interference in hl3
family affairs. He professes to be await
ing his wife's return with open arms, but
saye that he and her_mother have parted
forever.
Robert T. "Welch' has filed an'affldaylt in
the Superior Court denying the sensa
tional charges of . cruelty; .made
wife's complaint for divorce and charac
terizing most of them as frivolous and
trivial.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; . ', 1118 . Broadway, March 19. .,
Husband Blames Mother-in-
Law for Marital
MISMATEO PAIRS
IN DIVORCE COURT
Attorney MrCutchen a3ked the court for
an adjournment until Friday, as the mat
ter of Judge Hart's order restraining the
City. Council lrom passing any ordinance
allowing the water company less than
?&»,000 levenuc will be argued before the
Supreme Court on Thursday. On the at
torney's rtT-res-f ntation that he would re
quire considerable time to prepare his
brief Judge Hart ordered the adjourn
ment as requested.
Judge Hayne tried to get upon the rec
ord a report said to hr.ve been made by
Schu>ler during the fight between the old
OakKinl Company and the Contra Costa,
showing the inferior quality of the water
drawn lrcm the catchment basins of the
latter tSumpuny. This evidence was barred
out by the •-¦ot.rt.
Sch-uyler admitted that he had approved
of the Denver plan, and also admitted
that two of the Spring Valley dams, those
at Pilareitos and Crystal Springs, wero
140 and 148 feet high, respectively. It was
further developed that the proposed Pi
nole dam was 145 feet high for only twen
ty-eight feet of its length.
• Ar other report which the witness was
asked to explain was that of the consult"
ing engineers of the Citizens' Water Com
pany of Denver, of whom Schuyler was
one, recommending the construction of a
dam 250 feet high, while he cast doubt
upon the feasibility of the city's propose!
dam at Pinole on account of its height.
145 feet.
The production of the report caused a
sensation among the water company's
forces. The witness had no explanation
to offer of the discrepancy between his
two estimates of the same Item. He
treught that h!s report to the State En
gineer might have been made on hearsay,
without the more careful Investigation
made since ais employment as an expert
by the water company.
| Judge Hayne secured In his cross-ex
amination of Engineer J.' D. Schuyler to
day the admission that he had reported to
the State Engineer in 1SS1 that the sluic
ing of the San Lcaruiro dam cost from 3
to 10 cents a yard, whereas In his testi
mony in the present case he had stated
the cost as from 20 to 20 cents.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 15.
Confronting Him With For
gotten Figures That Show
Discrepancy.
OLD REPORT
PUZZLES EXPERT
Tl:i« is a busy week for the golfers at
the Presidio links. The match rounds for
ths Councils Cup for men are on hand,
and on Monday morning nine ladies en
trrpd the qualifying round over eighteen
holes, stroke play, for the fourth competi
tion for the Council's Cup for women. Of
these two did not make any returns, the
remaining seven qualifying with the fol
io vine sccres:
Two Matches for Council's Cup on the
Presidio Links Are Won by
Default.
LADIES PLAY FIBST
HOUND FOB TROPHY
One aeed Indian excited the pity of all
who saw him. Evidently more than a
hundred years old. with bent form and
grizzled face, he was said to have jour
neyed all the way : from some point near
Cloverdale. While at the feast he did not
mingle with the others. All his time was
spent on an old Indian mound, where he
Bat the entire day crooning forth a walling
chant. He was weeping. for his dead of
several generations ago.
This year the festival was the largest
and the attendance greatest In a decade.
The dwindling away of the tribes Ib force
fully brought to notice at these feasts, but
this year they assembled on the shore of
Tomales Bay in great numbers and from
points as far distant as the Covelo reser
vation. ; Old-time games and dances were
the order and for more than a week- the
pleasure-seeking aborigines forgot that
they were but the scattered .remnant of a
disappearing race. Beef was roasted for
the entire camp; clams and mussels were
baked in the seaweed on the beach and
the luscious abalone was hunted to its
death.
' In the olden times it was at these feasts
that the young bucks won their brides.
In the games and the chase they flaunted
their prowess before the eyes of the ad
miring mahalis and he was a sorry buck
who could not wim a mate. •'¦ It is not
known how many If any marriages re
sulted from the feast just past.
SAN RAFAEL. March 19.— The great
annual gathering and love feast of the
coast Indians, which was held on the
shore of Tomales Bay the past week, has
broken up and the participants have scat
tered to their homes. As far back as
memory goes the Indians have made this
annual pilgrimage to the seashore from
points miles distant in the interior. . On
foot and astride their horses, bucks and
squaws, old and young, can be seen each
year at this- season toiling toward the
coast. :>¦¦/;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tribasm^n' Gather in Num
bers on tht Beach at
COAST INDIANS
AT A LOVE FEAST
NOTWITHSTANDING the contro
versy, about the right j of the
Boston ' yachtsmen to enter the
proposed cup defender Inde
pendence in the international
race, there has been no cessation of work
at the Atlantic establishment where the
boat is being built. It is expected that the
Independence will take the water very
The New York Yacht Club has declared
itself against the participation of a boat
that do«3 not fly the club's colors, and
in this stand the organization has been
supported by nearly all New York yachts
men. What the result may be cannot bo
predicted with any degree of accuracy,
but Mr. Lawson appears to be quite con
fident that hla big wind-jammer will get
Into the trials, >; r
SHED IN WHICH THE BOSTON CUP DEFENDER INDEPENDENCE IS BEING BUILT BY THOMAS "W. LARSON.
THE NEW YORK YACHT CLUB'S OBJECTION TO OUTSIDE BOATS HAS NOT DETERRED THE OWNER OF
THE INDEPENDENCE- FROM HURRYING THE WORK TO COMPLETION.
DEL MONTE. March 19.— Much to tho
surprise of everyone here the Burlingame
polo teams came down last; night with
their strings of ponies, ; ready to > begin "a
several days', contest here. The date of
their, coming, has been so often postponed
(and at oner time abandoned- altogothei)
that the hotel management had made ro
preparation for the - contest.. ; The • polo
ground Is far from being In condition for
play, no .work having been done upon It
since the recent heavy; rain, and although
the work . of , preparing : it was ¦; begun ' Im
mediately and ls> being' pushed withs all
possible ha^te. v there seems : little "likeli
hood of. the players. gettingv even aiprac
tice game before. Thursday afternoon. 'A
number of polo enthusiasts came :down
with the l?\&y crsSBBBUBBBMBSaaBKXmatKm
Polo Teams Invade ; Del / Monte
The .United States declined the request
It is treating with Morocco as a sovereign
power. -While there .will no bombardment
of any Moorish town, the presence of an
American man-of-war is expected to have
a salutory effect in obtaining immediate
compliance with the demands of this Gev
ernment. The New York will remain at
Masargan until Consul General Gunmere
returns from Marakesh and announces a
satisfactory settlement.
France's Interest in probably greater
than that of other -countries, because: it
Is no secret thatshe hopes some day to
extend her sovereignty over the whole
northwestern of the African conti
nent. France requested the United States
some time ago to denounce Its treaties
with Tunis, over which a French protec
torate has been established, and this
would probably have been a step in the
direction of having the United States de
nounce Its treaties with Morocco, under
which it is proceeding in demanding a set
tlement of claims.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.W.,
WASHINGTON. March 19.—European/dip
lomats ift Washington are deeply Interest
ed in the action of the United States, in
sending the armored cruiser New York to
Morocco to aid the American Consul Gen
eral In exacting ari apology and obtaining
a settlement of claims aggregating
550,000. ¦
» Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interest in Action of United
States in Sending War
ship to Morocco.
DIPLOMATS WATCH
DISPLAY OF FORCE
three-year-olds and up: selling:
2150 Firelight II 115 Dance Along ..108
2114 Golden 10* 2136 William F 115
2114 Tilt ..:.'. 10S 1948 George Dewey. 109
1829 IHuMgii 10S 2124 Robert J ...... 10S
2133 Brenhllda 115 2114 The Gafflr ....103
2114 Master Cal ...108
Probable Winners.
First- Race— Moonbrlght, Skip Me, Tola.
Second Race— Rory Ough, Zlrl, Dan Collins.
Third Race— Topmast, Josephine B, Lavator.
Fourth Race— Merops, Racetto, Alas. '
Fifth Race— Meadow Lark, LIzzella, Midian.
Sixth Race— Brenhllda, William F, The Gaf
flr.. .
2103. SIXTH. RACE-Six and a half fur
longs; four-year-olds and tin; purse, $400.
Index? Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
21S7 Articulate. 3. 99..O'Conn 3 2 1V4 1 2 14
2133 Rosorm"de. 6. lOS.Mounce 2 1 h 2 3 2 %
2m Ppecinc. 4. 115 Bums 13 3 3
Time— 1-16, :07H: 5-16.. :31; 7-16. :43; 6V4f, 1:20.
Gcod start. Won easily. Second driving. Win
ner. W. C. de B. Lopez's br. c. by Imp. St.
Andrew-imp. Utter. Articulate had speed to
burn.' Rosormonde did her best. Specific didn't
startle anybody. Scratched— Rolling Boer 104.
Betting — Articulate, 3-3; Rosormonde. 6; Spe
cific, 12-5.
21G2. FIFTH RACE-Five furlongs; selling;
n.'aiden three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Irdex, Horse,. AVt, Jockey. St. >£. Str.- Fin.
2124 Mrs. Brunell. 107.. Burns 114 14 14
2124 Luca, 102 Murphy 5 3 2 3 2 2 4
2124 Singrer, 107...' ...Mounce 2 4 1 4 1 3 5
2008 Carrie Lucas, 6 5 >4 2 h 4 1
2114 Lucera. 107 Henry 8 7 3 6 1 5 1
2124 Kath. Ennis. 10S..Thorpe 3 6 6 7 4 6 1
2124 Alpha Lee. 102..Watrbry 4 2 1 5 h 7 5
.... Exerel. 107...Burllngame 7 8 S 8
Time— Vi. r :24»4: «i, :36»,;: %. 1:01%. Good
start. Won easily. : Second and third driving.
Winner, B. Schreiber's b. f. by Kingston-Daisy
Woodruff. Winner is fast. . Luca showed im
provement. Henry on Lucera managed to get
left. Knnls cut off af start. Throw her race
out. Scratched— Companion 107. . "
Betting— Mrs. Brunell. 9-2; Luca. SO; Singer.
2i; Carrie Lucas. 8: Lucera, 3: Katherine En
nis, 2; Alpha Lee, 20; Exerel, 15.
2JC1. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth;
soiling; four-year-olds and up; purse, ?40<X
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
<J126)"VVyoming;, a, lll...O'Con 4 3 h 2 2 . • 4
1S67 Edgardo, 4, fO3... .Burns 3 4 In *4
I!tfl7 Br. Andersn. 4, 103.1>aly 2 2h 4 3 4
2CS0 Rinaldo. 6. 109..Domnick 112 8 % 4
Time— 1-16, :06»;; V*. :24%; Vt, :49; %, l:15ti:
mile, 1:41; 1 l-16m. 1:48. Good start.' Won
first three driving. »Dead heat. Burns on Ed
gardo grew very affectionate en the road home
with Wyoming on the rail. Rinaldo had speed.
Betting-— Wyoming. 2-5: Edgardo, 3; Brownie
Ai:derson, 12; Rinaldo, 20.
21GO. THIRD RACK— About two miles: stee
plechase handicap; four-year-olds and up;
purse, |45O.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. LJ. Str. Fin.
2115 OllnthUB. 5. lSO.Worthgn l l 10 l 10 1 12
1992 U Chestfld, a. 135.Brodie 3 2 12 2 15 2 20
2136 May Boy, 6, 148. .Lloyd 5 3 6 3 8 3 8
(2136)Mestor. a, 12S.... Wilson 2-5 20 4 1 4 4
(20S8)Eva Moe. 4, ISO.. Cairns 4 4 1 6 40 5 50
1782 Manchi, 5, 131...Hueston 6 6 G 6
Time — 3:46%. Good start. Won easily. Sec
ond easily. Third driving. Winner, .Moor
mead Stock Farm's ch. g. by Red Iron-Lilly
Wright. Winner fenced like a wild horse.
Chesterfield "did his best, probably. May Boy
and Mestor played on the ends. Eva Moe
didn't care If she never got back.
Betting— Olinthus. 16-5; Lord Chesterfield. 7;
May Boy, 7; Mestor, 12; Eva Moe, 6-5; Man
chi. 20.
Betting— Bonnis Lissak, 1-3; Andrattus, 6;
Cougar, 6; Immodell, CO.
2 159. SECOND RACE-Six furlongs; three
year-olds ? purse. ¦ $400.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. . Fin.
2102 B. Ussak. 107.O'Connor 4 3 1 2 2 11
2127 Andrattus. 109...Mounce 3 12 12 2 l«i
(3X)2)CouKar. 112 Henry 2 2 2 3 6 3 12
(2114)Immoden, 112 Bell 14 4 4
Time— i;. :24>i; %. •¦*S%; *;. 1:14. Good start.
Won easily. Second- and third driving. Win
ner, P. Dunne's b. f. by Llssak-Bonnie Bird.
Bonnie Llssak was straight at the end. Cougar
ran his race. Scratched — Gold Badge 109. Beau
2158. .FIRST RACE-r-Flve furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $350. :• :
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Pin.
1822 Vantlne, 4, 100. O'Connor * 2 hi 1 % 1 lit
2110 Foul Play. 4, 100...Domk 5 5 1 5 2 2^
209S S. Anthony, 4, 106. Burns 2 12 2 13 8
2100 March' 7, 4," 104 Ross 7 7 CH U
2125 Antagone. 4, KM.Mounce 1 S 1 . 4 h 5 4
2052 Gold Baron, 5. 110. Henry 3 4 H 7 - 6 4
2122 Mission. • 4, IDS. Enos 6 6 5 5 J ,i 7 .
Time— V*. :2<H; 94. :36H: «4. 1:00%. Good
start. "Won handily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, G. W. Snider & Co.'s ch. m. by
imp. Anchorite- Ventlna. Vantine can beat the
Fame sort of company without trying. Foul
Play ran gramely. March Seven ran his race.
Mission delayed en route. Antagone a 'bad
one. Scratched— Letiger 104, Morella 104, Sls
quoc 101. Un Cadeau 101.
Betting— Vantlne, 7-5; Foul Play. 6: St. An
thony. 15; March Seven, 100; Antagone. 4;
Gold Baron, 12; Mission, 8.
TANFORAN PABK— Tuesday, March
19, 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast. .
CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART.
Thomas Lawson'Manifests No Concern Over the Objections
Made by New York Yacht Clubrto <he Entry of the Boat
He 'Is Building, for the Coming Great Trial Contests
¦The will was .drawn' up April 20, 1S99,
and witnessed by W. H. .H. Miller, Harry
J. Mllllgan and Howard Call. In this will
he leaves his wife the sum of $100,000. but
in a codicil written February 13, 1901, he
increases; It to $125,000. • , ¦*«.
It 1 slo be divided into as many shares
as he leaves children and one additional
share for the issue of any child that may
have died leaving issue. One such sh,are
is given to his son Russell, in trust for
the children- of Russell, to be used for the
support and education of such children;
such portion as is not used before shall
be turned over to the child on his becom
ing of age. In- the event of the death of
any of such children, his share shall be
divided among the surviving children.
The second equal share la given to his
daughter,' Mary Harrison McKee. in fee
simple. A third equal share is left In fee
simple to his daughter, Elizabeth.' If an
other child or children should have been
born to him, each such child would have
had one -such share. :; ;
To his brother. Carter, his Loyal Legion
badge and a cane to be selected by his
wife. To his brother John, his gold sleeve
buttons and a cane.
It is directed that the provisions made
for his wife are In lieu of all interests in
the estate as his widow, and all the rest
of his estate is left as follows:
Loyal Legion Badge to Brother.
To his son Russell he gives the portraits
of the first Mrs. Harrison, some other por
traits and family relies. To his daughter,
Mary Harrison McKee, he leaves a por
trait of her mother, some other portraits
and family relics. To hla daughter, Eliza
beth, he leaves some of the family por
traits, medals and relics, together with
the gold watch chain, silver toilet set
and all his. silver souvenir spoons. To his
grandson,' Benjamin Harrison McKee, he
leaves his watch and chain and his shot
gun. ,
The watch seal given to him by his
wife's mother and his Grftnd Army cane
are to be kept for his daughter, Eliza
beth. Other canes are to be bestowed as
his wife chooses. - • . ;
If any child should have been born he
would have received $10,000. AH debts ow
ing to him by Us son Russell are remit
ted, and the ejescutor is directed to cancel
any evidence of such indebtedness. To
his wife he loaves all photographs and
portraits about . the house, his library
table, Inkstands, shirt studs and all other
personal trinkets not- otherwise disposed
of. . :
He directs that all personal property
left to his wife tor her life shall at her
death be divided among his surviving
children, the Issue of any that may have
died taking the parent's share. ( His wife
is not reo.uired to file. any inventory of
property nor to give any bond nor be lia
ble for any loss. He leaves to his wife
for the term of her life the North Dela
ware .homestead. He also leaves to his
wite and to her heirs six lots in Herkimer
County, New York.
He sets out that he has already given to
his children, Russell and Mary, the Jew
elry and other things belonging to their
mother. Theae and other articles belong
ing to their mother he bequeaths to these
children. ! This gift, he says, Is not to be
taken 'to include articles of furniture
purchased by their mother for the home
and paid for by him. He confirms to his
wife all the gifts she has received, all the
articles In the house that were purchased
within six months before his marriage
with her, and all that have been pur
chased by either of them since that time.
He also gives to his wite for the term of
her life all other articles of the house
hold used or owned by him at. a period
earlier than six months that were in the
house at his death, except such articles
as are otherwise disposed of. He gives to
his wife all horses, vehicles and stable
furnishings. . *
Russell's Debts Remitted.
He bequeaths to his sister, Bettie H.
Eaton, an annuity of $600, to be paid to
her by his executors each year during
her natural life, in quarterly payments.
s He bequeaths to h 1 .* nephew and name
sake, .Benjamin Harrison Jr., son of his
brother John, $500.
To the Indianapolis Orphan Asylum ho
leaves $500; to the Eleanop Home, $500; to
the Summer Mission for Sick Children,
$100; to his secretary, E. Frank Tibbctt,
$500. . : ...• ¦- ...
He gives to his sl3ters, Sarah Devin and
Anna H. Morris, and to his sister-in-law,
Elizabeth Scott Parktr, each the' sum of
$500. ¦ " ......
"If another child should be born to me
of my present marriage I give and be
queath to such child the sum of $10,000.
If a boy shall be born to me he Bhall bear
my name and my sword and sash shall
be given, to him Instead of to my son
Russell." .
To his grandchildren, Mary Lodge Mc-
Kee, Martha Harrison and William F.
Harrison, he leaves to each the sum of
$2500 in addition to other gifts mentioned.
Item sixteen of the will reads as fol
lows:
At the death of his wife any earned In
terest not paid to. her shall become part
of Ills residuary estate. To his wife he
also leaves $15,000, to his daughter Eliza
beth $10,000, to be paid to his wife s as
trustee. 'When she becdmes.of age or
marries she is to have any unexpended
balance. If she dlts before receiving. It
such unused balance shall go to her
mother. He leaves $10,000 to be invested
by the Union Trust Company and to ac
cumulate until hi3 grandson, Benjamin
Harrison 'McKee. shall become of age,
when he shall have the principal and ac
cumulated interest. The trustee is au
thorized, however, to use the "interest in
the support of the grandson If necessary.
If the grandson dies | before becoming of
age the- fund shall become a part of the
residuary estate. ,-. ! ' •
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 19.— Th«
will of General Harrison was filed for pro
bate late this afternoon. He bequeaths
to the Union 'Trust Company as trustee,
if his wife shall survive him, $125,000 to
be invested, the interest to be paid . to
Her. during 'the. term of her life.
Remits the Debts of Son Russell, and
Remembers All Relatives and
Several Charitable Insti
tutions.
Biqueathes the Greater Por
tion of the Estate to
: ., His Wifo. WS
HARRISON WILL
IS MADE PUBLIC
of any such movement was what he saw
in to-day's papers.
"No plans of Intermediation." he said,
"have been discussed by the mine work
rrp' officials, and the only arrangements
made are for communications directly be
tween the operators and mine workers.
However, in the course of developments,
•we would be only too glad to avail our
eelves of any means 0/ bringing about the
end which we ere tn%ng to establish.
"Tht- report that I iltend going- to New
York with pome of the local officials is en
tirely unfounded, as thrre would be no
possible use in poing there unless we
knew we would be favorably received by
those Interested in the coal properties."
When aFkcd what he thought of the
opinion expressed by the Wllkesbarre
operators, reported as declaring: that the
companies as corporate bodies refused to
have any dealing? with the mine workers,
which are not Incorporated^ President
Mitchell answered: 'I do not think much
of that pretext. Xo labor organizations
are incorporated."
SCHANTOIC. Pa., March 13.— As a ro-
BUlt of conferences heid to-day between
President John Mitch«U of the United
Mine Workers and the three district pres
idents of the anthracite reelon communi
cations were sent oat this afternoon from
ihe United Mine Workers' headquarters to
the presidents of all tne coal companies
and ,the large individual operators.
These communications contained state
ments of the action of last week's conven
tion in passing the resolution asking their
attendance at the conference of April 1,
and further expressed their ac<juiescencc
in that action by the national president
and presidents of Districts 1, 7 and 9. No
attempt will be made to deliver any of
these messages in person, as was done in
the matter of the invitations to the con
ference of March 15.
President Mitchell on being asked
whether there was any possibility of the
operators being: approached throug-h a
third party, and their attendance at th«
conference April 1 thus solicited, declared
that the only intimation he had received
Regions.
Communications Are Sent
to the Presidents of
Coal Companies.
Vigorous Steps Taken by Official* to
Secure a Recognition of Union
Men in Anthracite
MINE WORKERS
ASK CONFERENCE
BOSTON'S YACHT CUP DEFENDER
RAPIDLY NEARING COMPLETION
Rolling Boer was scratched from the
final event at six and one-half furlongs,
leaving Articulate to go to the post a 3
to 5 chance. The brown colt won gallop
ing, while Specific lost the place to Rosor
monde, the only other ptarter.
After booking had progressed for quite
a time it was discovered that Beau Or
monde second choice for the six-furlong
run following, was on the delayed train.
The judges ordered all bets off. which
caused the price apainst Bonnie Llr.sak to
be shortened to 1 to 3. Pat Dunce's lilly
won. bat like a crackajack, for Aridrattus
put up a remarkably good argument. Cou
yer finished in. the show. ,,-':-¦
In downtown .circles it became noised
about that May Boy was "the goods" tn
the steeplechase and that two or three of
the other starters would 'lend a helping
hand. Somebody stubbed his toe If any
foundation existed for the rumor as the
top-weight, Olinthus, ridden by Worth
ington, went to the front and won all the
way. Lord Chesterti«:M ran second, twen
ty lengths ahead of May Boy, while the
favorite, Eva Moe finished a cheap look
ing fifth.
Tommy Burns astride Edgardo put up
a powerful finish In the mile and a six
teenth, managing to make a dead heat of
it with the 2 to 5 favorite, .Wyoming.
When Rinaldo had tired with making the
pace O'Connor, witn the leg up on the
choice, locked horns with Burns from the
head of the stretch home. While many
thought Wyoming "got the nod" just as
many picked Edgardo. and as the Judge3
themselves could not separate them a
dead heat was announced. ; This meant
a loss to the backers of Wyoming, as all
bets are split.
Barney Schreiber's Kingston filly, Mrs.
Brunell. defeated an ordinary lot of maid
en three-year-olds in the fifth number at
five furlongs. Barney backed his entry,
getting 6 to 1, and Burns had her In front
from the jump. Luca, a 30 to 1 shot, ran
second, four lengths before Singer. Char
ley Thorpe rode the favorite, Katherine
Ennis. w.hich finished among the "also
rans."
the Immense crowd present was
testamentary to ¦ the fact that rac
ing had resumed its normal con
dition again. The card was not
a weighty one, and Winnie O'Connor
had occasion to celebrate the reunion of
the opposing clans by finishing first on
four winner?, all favorites. A trifle mis
leading perhaps is the last statement, for
Wyoming tn the fourth event ran a dead
heat with Edgardo.
Business in the betting ring was good,
resembling old times. Eighteen. firms laid
odds, but as only two favorites were top
pled over the talent quit ahead of the
game.
Owing to the non-arrival of a horse train
from Oakland it was some minutes after
2 o'clock before the opening five-furlong
scramble was called.' The odds against
Vantlne, the mount of O'Connor, were
played frcm 2 down to 13 to 10, and the
mare won as shf- liked. St. Anthony tired
badly, losing the place to Foul Play.
pwyOHERE "was an utter absence of
I war talk in the air at Tanforan
I Park yesterday. Relief was de
ll plcted on every countenance, and
By F. E. Mulholland.
Wyoming and Edgardo Run a Dead
Heat at Tanforan Park— Olinthus
Makes Short Work of the, Jumpers
O'CONNOR IN FRONT
ON FOUR WINNERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 7 WEDNESDAY, • MARCH 20; 1901
Thomas W. Lawson is still confident
that he will be a.ble to override any>ob
stacles that may be placed in the way of
his entering the boat in the trial contests.
soon after the Herreshoff craft is
launched. The Boston boat is being con
structed with extreme care, and .only, the
finest workmen are permitted to lay a tool
to her. -: v" ""<
GIUIOY." March 19.— Because of the Increas
ing; number of saloons the Council • last night
raised the liquor license from fSO to $300 a year.'
The effect will be to retire eleven «aloon».
Six and a half furlong's, selling— Laureate
won. Sim W second, Dousterswlvel third. Time.
1:2m. " » , - . .- ¦ - ¦ .-¦..--¦ -¦*.¦«-
One mile and eeventy yards— Bequeath won.
Belle SlmsEon second. Prestar third. Time,
1:47%. ¦ .. • < .
One mile and seventy yards, selling— Sarllla
won, Ucana second, Grey-force third. Time.
l:4S. • ¦ - ¦
One mile, selling — Janowood won, Cogswell
second, Teaeown third. Time, 1:42. >
Seven furlongs, handicap— Cad Hazel* won,
Thurles second, Sklllman third. Time. 1:27U.
Turf Congress steeplechase.' full course—Bris
tol iron. Donation second. Miss Ransom third
Time, 4:45. .
Six furlongs, Belling— Pillardlst won, Jackadle
lecond, Charlie Daniels third. Time, 1:15.
4
'ETITOItS.
I 1st
Round
I 2d
dj Round Total
¦ i
• llman Brown.
3 Crockett
B. Houphton..
f C. Hoffman.
ence Ives -
ean
mnor
67
61
>i
.. 64
€3
.. 76
.. 82
VI 109
68 127
65 123
71 135
72 141
73 149
S3 If.j
i R
1st
tound
I 2d |
1 j Round (Total
jwn
ckett...
nighton
ff nsa n . .
S7
61
€4
64
T<
£2
£2 109
66 127
CS 129
71 135
72 241
71 149
63 165
i R
1st
tound
I 2d |
1 j Round (Total
jwn
ckett...
nighton
ff nsa n . .
S7
61
€4
64
T<
£2
£2 109
66 127
CS 129
71 135
72 241
71 149
63 165
'ETITOItS.
I 1st
Round
I 2d
dj Round Total
¦ i
• llman Brown.
3 Crockett
B. Houphton..
f C. Hoffman.
ence Ives -
ean
mnor
67
61
>i
.. 64
€3
.. 76
.. 82
VI 109
68 127
65 123
71 135
72 141
73 149
S3 If.j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DR.
MEYERS
jg»*2f:r£^*^ "We cure Lo«t
«5^53§=|£|©Sl Vltalltv an d
$£&Jf m *«} ness which accom-
V^ES' «8 panics It; also Spe-
"v >3eZJ - Iw clal Dtae****. Varl-
/«y©f ?******&*> cocele. Stricture.
if«J$ r^%^??S r" 00 " 1 Poison. Dli-
\*K 1^2 Wx «•**» °f the Kld-
\A>i I ' f Kf Be y»- Bladder. «tc.
S«£V J *iJ9s& I Home cures a. »pe-
I^^'i tMtk^^lt claJt >*- PrlTitt
>^> iN^J£Tvr«j book> i' jestion u * l >
¦^^.l^MBftSig .jetc. free at offlc«
KSSi^. iPw* 'Rr&^& *"" " 1 *11» Corre-
yjV'WN*! 1Bri?VB^* s P° n ' lenc< > conn-
SPECIALISTS
Diseases and Weakness of Men
All medicines supplied from ottr pri-
vate laboratory free to patient*. /"> V
Established in 1891*. Xo charge for
consultation. Pay when well. .
Market Street, £
<**'* San Francisco.
: HOURS: Pally. 8 to 5; Evening, 7 to I-
Sundayi. 9 to 11. '
ELEVATOR EXTRANCH.
hUlio -7-«or^olS
| and the Lily |
m illustrate the <JifV<ercncc Ej
|| {netween bird and jjjS
|i l$r JEklSClN [j
|'| ODORl/BiS5 m
J A PURELY VEGETABLE PRODUCT. B
gjj An i.-r.al fat may carry tSuraac with it and be B
'! andean and very indigestible. pi
» Wesson's Odorless Cooking Oil is pore, Ej
jfj iwect and clean. '/It nrrer becomes rancid. K
m It goes twice as far as lard or butter! . ||
y Wesson's Salad Oil it far better value than B
3 the fiacst olive oil and has the tame flavor. Eg
A Atk. your friendly grocer for it. : „ §3
0 ....... ¦Paxton Repudiates Doctor's Bill.
The action instituted by Dr. Grant Self
ridge against Blitz "W. Paxton and his
former wife, Bessie E. Paxton, who re
cently abandoned the society drawing
room for. the vaudeville stage, to recover
$918 for treating the son of the defendants,
was tried and submitted for decision by
Judge- Seawell yesterday. Dr. Self ridge
and Dr. J. S. Brook3 testified as to tho
reasonableness of : the plaintiff's claim.
Mr. Paxton was placed on the stand in his
own defense and repudiated the claim
saying that he did not authorize the
treatment' of , his son by Dr. Selfrldge
The case was then argued and submitted
Dispute About a Body.
The police were asked yesterday to ar
bitrate in a dispute over the body of Cor
nelius Soderman, who was fatally injured
at the Risdon Iron Works Saturday and
died Sunday fit St. Luke's Hospital. So
derman was a member of the Sailors'
Union, and when the union ascertained
that the body! had been sent to an un
dertaker's they sent a request that it be
handed over to the union's undertakers.
The request was complied with. Soder
man's relatives took a hand in the mat
ter and wanted the body handed over to
them for interment. Their request was
declined and they appealed to .the police,
who advised them to obtain a search war
rant. They applied for the warrant, but
"Warrant Clerk Fitzpatrick, backed up by
Judge Cabanlss, refused to Issue it, on the
ground that a dead body is not property.
ASKS CIVIL SERVICE
BOABD FOR MORE TIME
Scott Will Consult With His Attor
ney Before Appointing Elig-
ible Deputies.
Tax Collector Scott had a conference
with Civil Service Commissioners Freud
and Qulnn yesterday regarding" his inten
tions to put to work the men he had se
lected from the deputies' eligible list.
Scott agreed to appoint fourteen deputies,
who were certified by the commission on
February 13. but he left the same day on
a pleasure trip to Tahiti. When the depu
ties presented themselves at the tax of
fice the next morning there was no one
to swear them in, and up to date they
have not been assigned to duty.
Commissioner Freud asked Scott what
he intended to , do, and after parleying
Scott requested that he be granted an ex
tension of time .until .'he had consulted
with his -attorney, A. Ruef. - Scott said ho
desired to learn if the writ of mandate
served on the commission in the Seyden
rase affected his course. Freud informed
him that the writ concerned only the Civil
Service Commission, as it compelled it to
show cause why separate examinations
should be held for deputyshlps in the li
cense and tax offices. The injunction not
to certify any names for the positions
was of no effect, as tho fourteen certifica
tions had already been made to Scott and
had been accepted by that official.
Scott was given a copy of the writ,
which he will submit to his attorney, and
he will give a definite reply to the com
mission to-day. It is said that Scott's
anxiety for delay is the fact that the Tyr
rell bill, which passed both houses and is
in the hands of the Governor, will prohib
it him from discharging the old deputies
or any employes who have taken the oath
of office.
MAYOR PHELAN DECLARES THAT PRINGE PONATOWSKI IS A GAMBLER.
The counties of Shasta, Tehama, Butte,
Yuba, Sutter, Placer, Nevada, Sacramen
to, Glenn, Colusa, ,Yolo and Solano have
beaten all others In getting themselves
before the crowds of Eastern people who
are arriving on colonist tickets. Since
Monday of, the present week all -visitors
to the State Board of Trade have been
met and talked with by F. , E. Wright,
representing the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association aa secretary, and
he has been literally "overwhelmed by the,
Inquiries about the Sacramento Valley.
All the counties enumerated in the fore
going are members of the Sacramento De
velopment Association and j contribute
their funds to its maintenance. The State
Board of Trade has furnished the asso
ciation with desk room and other accom
modations. ¦ y
While the Sacramento Valley people are
first In the field, the expectation Is that
the San Joaquin Valley Commercial As
sociation and perhaps the Santa Clara
Valley Improvement Club wijl soon take
measures to have their advantages as well
presented as are those of the northern
counties.
Some idea of the extent to which the
great ranches of the northern counties are
being broken up for the settling of the
Sacramento Valley is indicated by the lit
erature that Mr. Wright has. The great
Bldwell ranch and the C. D. Wilson ranch
in Butte County are on the list. The Wil
son ranch Is broken up into tracts of
from 160 to 600 acres. The Bldwell ranch
Is subdivided into tracts of from five acres
upward. The Wilson ranch embraces 22,
000 acres and the Bldwell ranch 23,000
acres. Prices per acre have been placed
upon both ranches. The colony tracts of
the Sacramento Valley are also the sub
ject of inquiry.
The sending by the Sacramento Valley
Association of a representative to San
Francisco indicates the new policy that
the counties of the interior have adopted.
The State Board of Trade gives much
general Information about the State to
Inquirers, but does not deal with any par
ticular locality, with the exception of
hapding out the literature that is on hand
when it is asked for. Hence the Sacra
mento Vaney counties have pioneered the
way to come into direct contact with the
newcomers. Mr. "Wright s is acquainted
with all the counties represented by the
Sacramento Valley Association. He Is
aided by the exhibits that the State Board
of Trade has.
Sacramento Valley Takes
T J • T j. V
Lead m an Important
Movement,
Headquarters Opened "With the State
Board of Trade for Purpose of
Informing Possible t- ;'' :
Colonists.
COUNTIES GREET
THE NEWCOMERS
Major Frank McLaughlin returned to
the city last night after an extended trip
throughout the East. Several months ago
the major left California, as his health,
was failing and he felt that the changa
would restore him. ' His trip was ong
purely of pleasure, and as a result he re-;
turns to San • Francisco very much im
proved in health. He Is registered at the
Palace, where he will remain for a few
days.
Major McLanghlin Returns.
NAPLES. March 19.— Dock laborers hera
have struck, refusing to discharge ths
French steamer Massillla. which arrived,
at Marseilles March 14 from New York;
and was sent on from Marseilles to Naples
on account of the strike at Marseilles. The
dock laborers declare they will not dis
charge any vessel from Marseilles and
will ceasa their work on other ships In
the harbor if any attempt la made to dis
charge the Masslllia.
Dock Strike Spreads to Naples.
Sec k Nl*ho'lT~ S * n(ST McN * au * hton ' Joe Rose.
Barred from the track-Owners and Jockeys,
Danny J. Lynch. Joe Plggott. M. Henry.
NO PliAN" TO HTJBT WILIJLAM3.
Owners Will Not Befuse to Race on
His Tracks.
A report gained circulation at Tanforan
when the sale of the San Francisco
Jockey Club to the Williams interests was
verified that some of the more, prominent
Eastern owners had made an agreement
not to ship their stables to California
next season. It was further stated that
an understanding between several mem
bers of the Owners' and Trainers* Mutual
Association Indorsed the move.
Pat Dunne, a member of the executive
committee of the Owners' Association,
emphatically denied yesterday that any
such foolish action had been considered.
Dunne Is one of the most Intelligent and
sensible men racing horses in the West.
"Horsemen, as a rule, are not fools."
said Dunne yesterday. "I never heard oC
any such plan to Injure the California
Jockey Club. Owners, to begin with, can
never tell six months ahead where they
will race. The report probably grew out
of the receipt by me of several telegrams
from members of the association trying to
involve horsemen belonging to it who are
now in California in the imbroglio bo
tween the old Turf Congress and the re
cently organized Western Jockey Club
over the proposed outlaw rule issued by
the latter. I answered for myself and
others that I considered the matter es
sentially a controversy between the track
owners and Jockey clubs, which in no way
demanded action or recommendations
from the horsemen, and that they would
better attend to their own business and
keep out of all such squabbles. We have
enough troubles now without courtlns
more."
Other turfmen who denied all knowledge
of the scheme to keep horses away from
California next fall are Alex Shields,
Tommy Magee. John Carroll and "Curly"
Shields.
Continued From Page One.
that he cannot enter Into a discussion
with a man of that ilk.
Truly here Is "the lie with circum
stance."
Ponlatowski claims that he Is a "real
Prince," whereas the Mayor gives him
the He by calling him a "gambler." This
is a "lie with circumstance," as It Is qual
ified by the Mayor's statement that he
cannot enter into a discussion with a man
whose business is gambling.
There now remains but one more stage
of the quarrel as defined by the Bard of
Avon. It is "the l'e direct."
Will Prince Poniatowskl give "the He
direct" to the Mayor? That is the ques
tion which Is being asked in clubdom.
The Mayor and the Prince are bound to
meet face to face. Not only are they
members of the Pacific Union Club, but
they are guests at all the principal clubs
In the city. Who can tell what will hap
pen when they meet? Is San Francisco to
witness a repetition of the affair of Cas
tellano and M, de Rodays?
to Good Standing.
MARTIN WILL BE IN DEMAND.
Crack Bider May Soon Be Bestored
If amnesty is extended by the California
Jockey Club to all ruled oft or suspended
persons a great rider will be restored to
tho saddle. Over a year ago the officials
of the track across the bay ruled Willie
Martin off the turf for life on the strength
of certain evidence they possessed. Mar
tin is one of the best-known riders in this
country, and the ruling created a sensa
tion in Eastern and Middle Western turf
circles, where the disgraced rider had
seen much service. Ever since the Incep
tion of the present racing season Martin
has resided at a downtown hotel and has
been Indefatigable in his efforts to secure
reinstatement. Now success seems within
his reach.
Time will tell whether or not Willie has
lost his cunning in tho saddle, as often
happens to be the case when a boy is kept
on the gTound for any length o f time. In
the past Martin piloted Elkwood. the Su
burban winner, the mighty Clifford and
many other star performers. If restored
to good standing. Martin will be signed
by the well-known racing firm of Burns &
•Waterhouse.
Joe Rose, the bookmaker, is another Im
portant personage that would be affected
by the removal of the ban. Joe was ac
cused of "laying against" Red Pirate In
a race at Oakland when ridden by "Long
shot" Conley. The horse made a wretched
showing, and. after an Investigation, Rose
was ruled oft Oakland track and the col
ored boy indefinitely suspended. Rose is
now booking at Tanforan Park.
Among the many others who would wel
come reinstatement are the following:
Ruled off the track— Owners, W. 'Willis,
Harry Wise. Trainers and Jockeys, J. Garri
son. A. Johnson, Goodman. Moyer. H. Moose
IOr V "McClusk«y. A. R. Hill. Andy Davis.
OUte- Johnson, Al Goodwin. Charles McMur
rax, J. M. McDonald, Willie Flynn. "W. Mar
tin.
•Indefinitely suspended— Jockeys R. Williams
M. Fell, Cleveland Wallace. A. Williams Re
gan. Ellis, W. H. Martin. J. Ward. J. Conley
(Long Shot), W. ¦ Xarvaez, Duffy, Moody. Ben
Gouln.
Warned off the track— Owners, trainers and
DKFAULTING COLLECTOR.— A warrant
was secured from Jud*e Fritz yesterday for the
arrest of B. C. Parks, collector for the Electric
Laundry Company, on a charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement. The total amount of his defal
cation Is not yet known. ..^JJUsste
MAinr GOOT> BOSITIONS
TJNDEB THE GOVERNMENT
Stenographers and Clerks Wanted at
$9OO Per Annum in Different
Localities.
The United States Civil Service Com-
mission desires to call especial attention
to the examinations which -will be held
throughout the United Statea during the
spring of 1901 for the following positions
at $900per annum in the General Land Of
fice service: ¦ • . ¦
Stenographer and typewriter, Land Offlce,
Vancouver. Wash.; stenoKrapher and- type
writer, male, Land Offlce, Roseburtr, Or.; eten
oKrapher and typewriter, male, Land Offlce,
Helena. Mont.: clerk. Land Offlce. Kalispell,
Mont. ; clerk. Land Offlce. Bozeman, Mont. ;
clerk. Land Offlce. Walla Walla. "Wash. ; clerk.
Land Office, Waterville. Wash.; clerk. Land
Offlce, Mlnot, N. D.; clerk, male, Land Office,
Broken Row. . Nebr. : clerk, male, . Land Offlce,
Marquette. Mich.; register and receiver's clerk,
male. Rapid City. S. D. : clerk, male, Lewlston,
Idaho; clerk, male. Land Offlce, Mlnot, N. ¦ D. ;
clerk Land Offlce, Woodward, O. T. ; steno
grapher and typewriter, male, Eureka, Cal.j
stenoKrapher and typewriter, Land Offlce, Dev
ils Lake. X. D.
A chief clerk for the Surveyor General
at Reno, New, at $1500 per annum, is also
called for.
Persons \rho desire to compete should
apply at once to the commission at Wash
ington. D. C, for application form S04.
The regulation requiring that applications
be filed at least ten days prior to the date
of the examinations will not apply. ¦
THREE : INSOLVENCY PETITIONS.-Peti
tions in insolvency weie filed in the ¦ United
States , District Court Monday as follows:
Jacob > 'Wollner, commission • merchant, San
Francisco; *. liabilities, J39.241 75: assets, : J383.
Homer ?L. Peart, farmer, Knights Landing;
liabilities/, $3779 06; assets, $1574. ; J. ' C. Med
ley, mall clerk, San Francisco; -liabilities,
$475 60; assets, none. N. F. ¦ Schroder," hotel
tctepeiy- San -Francisco; liabilities, ? 2270 83;
assets, $896 TO.
In the Divorce ' Court.
Decrees '• of ; divqree . have been ' granted
to T«eah Tuchler from Frank Tuchler
for, cruelty, Elia R. Dunlap from James
W. '¦ Dunlap for desertion. Oscar H. Skid
more from Mary E. Skidmore . for willful
neglect ? and Dinah Scott . from . Robert
Scott for desertion. Sulla for divorce were
filed by Albert Weber against Helen Web
er-for intemperance, Ida A. Getz aginst
R. ; J.- Getz for : desertion and Emma M.
Stone against L. S. . Stone for desertion.- :
TO ERECT A MONUMENT
;/;v TO STEPHEN" M. WHITE
Movement to Honor the Memory of
the Late Senator Is Being
Started by Friends.
A monument is to be erected to the
memory of the late Senator Stephen M.
White. The movement was started by the
Mayor -of Los- Angeles and has already
met with a. generous response. A com
mittee has been appointed in San Fran
cisco, the city of Senator White's birth,
to solicit subscriptions, which may be re
mitted to the chairman, Hon. James D.
Phelan. ' The committee is as follows:
George C. Perkins, C. N. Felton, James D.
Phelan. J. Downey Harvey, D. M. Debnas,
Robert P. Troy, James Q. Magulre, James V.
Coleman. M. K. Tarpcy. J. H. Budd, ; Walter
Van Dyke. Frank. H. Gould, R. M. Fitzgerald,
John D. Spreckels. M. II. de Young, W. R.
Hearst. Hugh Hume, R. A. Crothers, John
Garber. I. W. Hellraan, Garret W. McEner
ney.-'E. S. Pillsbury. J. C. Campbell, "W. . W.
Foote. Arthur Rodgers. B. r>. Murphy, Thomas
F. Barry. Richard C. O'Connor, A. B. Spreck
els and Gavin McNab.
•Albert Schwartz, a fireman on the trans
port Kilpatrick, had a thrilling experience
with an ex-convict yesterday morning and
succeeded in holding him, after a desper
ato struggle for more than an hour until a
policeman appeared on the scene and
placed the thug under arrest on a charge
of robbery.
Schwartz and a companion started out
Monday night to see the sights. He had
$200 In his pockets, made up of greenbacks
and gold. About 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing tho two men were in a saloon, the ex
act location of which Schwartz does not
know, when Rebert Phillips, who was re
leased from San Quentin last April, after
serving a term for burglary, entered with
a woman.
Schwartz and his friend wer© shaking
dlco for drinks and Phillips Joined them.
They had several drinks together. Be
tween S and 9 o'clock Schwartz left the
saloon and found Phillips standing out
side. Phillips offered to take Schwartz to
the transport and tliey walked along sev
eral, blocks, Phillips making himself very
agreeable. Schwartz finally got tired of
walking around and as they were in a se
cluded sort of place he became suspicious
and , asked Phillips where the transport
was, as he couldsee the bay, but no ships.
"How much money have- you got in your
pockets?" asked Phillips.
Schwartz pulled out a handful of gold
and silver and Phillips struck his hand,
scattering the coin. Ho picked up two $20
gold pieces and ran. Schwartz quickly
gathered .together the rest of the coin and
started in pursuit of Phillips. He chased
him several blocks- before being: able to
overtake him. Phillips showed fight and
Schwartz was game. 'I hey exchanged sev
eral blows and finally Schwartz landed on
Phillips* Jaw and knocked him down. He
jumped on top of him and held him.
A boy came along and Schwartz gave
him a EO-cent piece to find : a policeman.
The. boy found Police Officer Sheehan on
Bay street, between Stockton and Powell
streets, and the officer accompanied him
to the place where Schwartz and Phillips
were struggling on the ground.
Phillips was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital after being booked. An examination
by Dr. Richard Armistead showed that ho
had been badly beaten and perhaps in
jured Internally.
Robart Phillips, an Ex-Con
vict, Is Severely Biaten
by a Victim.
ROBBER TICKLES
THE WRONG MAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, /MARCH 20, 1901.
5
reach of the humblest household, as thou-
sands of grateful letters testify.
The use of this marvelous remedy, now
spring is here, makes" all the difference
between Impure, sluggish blood and tired
nerves and a healthy, energetic condition
— between sickness and health. The incal-
culable amount of good it is doing these
spring days in making sick and even de-
spairing people well should compel the
attention of every judicious person who
is out of health in this spring of 1901.
It drives the po!son germs of deep-
seated disease 1 from the blood. It pro-
cures sleep, so necessary to brain and
nerves. It brings buoyancy of spirit In
place of lassitude and despondency, and
allows the overtaxed system to start
fairly on the road to health.
Thousands have been benefited, thou-
sands have been cured by Paine's celery
compound when everything else failed.
In the light of many such public Indorse-
ments as the above from Mayor Maybury,
It is easy to see why Paine's celery com-
pound is displacing- all other remedies.
It has been truthfully said that the men
snd women who use and recommend
Paine's celery compound are not the class
of people who take doubtful remedies and
patent medicines. Paine's celery com-
pound is not a patent medicine; it is not
In 1SS2 he was elected to Congress from
Michigan, re-elected in 1SS4, serving during
the Forty-eighth Congress on the Judici-
ary Committee, an<2 in the Forty-ninth on
the Ways and Means Committee. His
leisure is devoted to the affairs of St.
Peter's Episcopal Church, to attentions to
the agrd, the sick ajid the poor.*
"William C. ilaybury is now serving his
hird term as Mayor of Detroit. Mich.
The wealthiest family in the land can
secure nothing better, If they are looking
for a spring remedy. It Is easily within
That this remedy has succeeded from
the etart Is not astonishing-. Thousands
owe to it restored vitality, sound sleep,
better digestion, freedom from pain,
stronger nerves and purer blood.
Men of ample means, who can com-
mand the best medical services; the ablest
and the most influential persons In the
country, as well as the most progressive
physicians,' were the flrst to perceive the
extraordinary worth of Paine's celery
compound and to use it.
It Is the only great popular remedy for
blood and nerves ever frankly Indorsed
by the medical profession.
a secret preparation. It Is the formula of
Edward E. Phelps. 2J. D.. LL. D., Profes-
sor of Materla Medica In the Dartmouth
Medical School. .
OCEAN TBAVE1.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
fck wharf, Ean Francisco:
t^SrV^- F ° r Alaskan Pens— 11 «. m.,
WsVggsL March IT, ::. 27. April. 1.
> I^v9^^ Change to company's ft»am»rs
f[3b{«S _te^l Kor Victoria, Vancour«r <Ti.
IS^^ZVjSSll ~-*- Pcrt Townsend. S»atti".
V Tacoma. Everett. Anacortfs
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
*"• 11 a. m.. March 17. t2. 27.
>rrll 1. »na every flfth day thereafter. Change
•t Seattle for this company's steamers for
Al»tka and G. IC. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; et Vancouver to C. P. Ry
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
J9. 24. 29. April ». «id every fifth day there-
tfter.
For San D'eto. etopplnir only at Santa Bar-,
r-sra. Port Los Angeles »n<l Rcdondo <Lo« An-
pele*)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 8 a. m.;
el earner far.ru Rosa. Busdayc. 9 a. m.
For Par? a Cruz, Monterey. Ba« Simeon. Cay-
«c«a, Port Harford (San L>uls Obirpo). Gaviota,
Fanta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East Can Pedro 'Los Anpeles) and Newport—
Fteamer Corora, Fridays, 3 a. in.; steamer Bo-
r!ta. Tuesdays. J a. m.
For r^venada. Majrdalena Bay, Fan Jose del
Cabo. Ma*atlan. Altata. I>a Pax. Banta Rosalia
• r>4 Gua>Tnac (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company' s
frlfleri.
Tfce cenjpary reserves the rlKht to change
rteamers. salllncr dates end hours of sailing
r^nrlOTj* notlre.
TICKRT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
ctrwt (Palac* Hotel).
GOODALXi, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Aft».,
10 Market it.. Ean Francisco.
THE 0, ft. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Epew-etreet "Wfcarf at U a. m.
rinr <!2 First Class Including Berth
I AKt SB Second Class orjd Meals.
COLT^TBIA sails Mar. Jt. Apr. S
GEO W ELDER s»H» Mar. 19. 29. Apr. 8
Short Line to WaJla Walla. Epokane Butte.
w.iMui and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all pofnts East.
'" * E. C WARD. General Arent.
1 Montrora ery et.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS VrtU. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
nVr FlVit and Brannan etrwts at 1 p. m..
r _; vnTtolLAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
l C obI m?<5o>.X**«»*l Md Shanchai. ami
421 Market •^^^Tnnrfpcneral Agent, i
|: Table Knives, 6 SSilS^^^Hffi Sf^ii Our Spring Cat" :5
X 100 rets Table Knivts, heavily s'lvfr fflBP^ J»BlfiI Describing the new fashions and giving *5
Jf plated on steel; to-day ggf*^ W . «Olrf«H ICUle W%2*T.S%3*V m *k lowest prices fcr everything, is almost X
* only_s:t of 6. ....... OOIr CAUFORNIA'S LARQEST— AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE ready. Free to out-of-towa folks. •<
*"•¦¦'-'*¦¦'¦ ' if
g The Wonderful Mechanical Show^ "Gay Coney Island," now on free exhibition, daily from J
g 9 a - m- until closing >ime, in Attraction Hall, second floor, front. *
$ — — — — ; ; — ; ; j : : . ± J
g Millinery Special Good Percales 6lc. Special Sale of ?
g Wednesday Only. Wednesday Only. Fancy Ribbons. $
* Do not de!ay. Buy your Spring Hat now. A l"gs lot of nice quality, doub'e-fo!d Percales; ,- , -- „... , rt _ ... *
g Bay it this Wec fc. It i, a busV w ee k, but ™Y 3* inches wide; Jn.serviceaVe dark coll 2x a ? d g I9c-Som 5 of th» sea- .%
* ncth-ng like it will be later. "-"gs; tor wappen and general use; at th? Son 8 cholc " £ no ! elu . ei for " eck ™ 1 -? c^
£ @g& ExcusVe Imccrted Hat, to exceptionally tpcc i a l pr i cc to^Jay _ i 3 » 4 >nch« wide, so.,d colorings ;„
GzBmtm P ick <*™> ¦* hundreds of on'v, per yard. _ . . . I 6 & "* *f ° VCr 4« «h CoIorngS to
, j; Wm SX^4* Special Sale of £< '" d » • J9 %
% Wf »£ffi* Misses' Kid Shoes. ' i
* \>^A Straw Alpin:, straw color , . M:S3 f s V" KW Shces, some -- f a —*w C«f« %
$ JiM- en 'fi w«k draccd band, r^pl lacc , sfJ 'f *!* c:oth and v*~ Hosiery &ate. $
i . <=W Finished turned under . \ &- . "* £° a 5f >™<1 some m but- Udkj . Jm d H.-rmjdotf, black, extra fine 'J
g « edee, white lined, rtgu- $- S ?« T.^ V**,,™* ™ V*'*t Hsls thread hose , Richelieu drop
g . -larfy ji.oo each -Wednesday __ / .M d^« aout "° 1***» »J y™ .«« Aitch, high ipicei hee!s, double soles, our X
| o^y... ..:.... 79C A. fcV 35C hose, Weinesday only, £ J
i 7Sc Cheviots 53c. ; |
g Wednesday only we off-r a imall lot, about 350 ~^\. \^> SP M C $JO* 00 NSV/ StviO •*
jf yards, of 50-inch all-wool Cheviots in black _ - "*&•» JWS *
tl and navy; regular 75c quaity aud good va'ue BM-^-M am U3CffCfS &7m**5m '5
g jri«r^ ri yarj atthC8PeC!alSa ' C S3C ****"& WlUSi MS This .new silk-L-neJ jacket, g^^ ?
* I-*. — n«, -* mm- **t £$8i ff Price a io^^cCansh^btS %
X Jhe8e meaalllOnS An .nofted lot of Musin Wear, dightly mussed y«°» W«*»«« »^»\ TgT J
g 72C. • from itore- handing «nd wfa4owdiV«r— "^ |lO -°°' J&Q^ " *
g Beautiful hand-<olored life photo Medal-ions' "ice new weH-n,,^ gc»d,; ,„_ assc^n: «d tcmonow only fWfr\ %
» mcaaiions, consisting of gowns, skirts, chemise, drawers . . ." C* m m*rS9 ° 1 \ \ X
if lltlL^ 1 ¦" ' ' a gIt , frames and chL'dr n's short d ess -s, wDl b; pJaced on . j \ \ X
g flPiil -3;Te' 9 Sx fcr this only at half price. G25.OQSHk °1 W) S
9^' ¦¦¦MwISlf'V * = Broken En - Golf Club* and $18.00. fi^@5j $
*¦' Al&Mv^ll V 6'^ent, Hid:- CaddV BattS. A nw ver y fin«= »D-^ool ifflfUh %
I /H^fi\ Weofa.Zee^^aubsand fiJl^S Wil 5
5 °W^^M l P3 r* 3nd maker,
g and verye'boice ¦ *». S o I- Oubs for.. ..'. S UOO f^^L S3k ££S* ' 5
i The regular price and a good hargain at Wood Clubs for ...HUSO C t^V aid fmo'ro>f S S/S 5
6 fi.oo; special «e Wednesday .!_ f*.oo Ca% Bags for. .. $3.PO ** h to-flayandto^rno.row or.Fy O ,%
j: only— each 72C Js. 50 Caddy Bag. for St. 75 §
J . $1.50 Caddy Bags for.;... $].OO $'- 00 Grass Ooth Underskirts 69c— New X
X LfUUOr Snf»nlales M ZZ . . two n&:i P ass doth petticoat, full width -J
I J, v Jf apeema Grocery Specials « d .^ «««»«. «^ri y $, t ¦ -;
g Wednesday Only. f or Wednesday. * to ( Wedai8da y ) oaI y • • G9c
g American Club WhisKcy— Good qual- Sapolio— The bet scourng soap, 4 b3i*.2Bo —-* ~Zl I 5
H ity; regular $2.50 a gallon; special R ; ce—Bst Carolina, 4 lbs 25*i 5OC StatlOHQry 22C %
Il^i4i^Pii^€? sS^^^lpSS A Wednesday Special. 5f
ft Wilson Rye Whhkey— Bottled at the distil- .:_. r otsJ* «»^». v. c. \t t , . , X
X ro aay onij WC Pakmg Powder- Emporium best, we guarante: bg paper and 2 5 enve!ope3, regular price «*
g> Berr— The "U. S ," pints; to-^ay, per dozen every tin, 1b 3Qq 50c, special to-day only, per box 5
it ••••• SCO Sago or Pta:l Tapioca— 5 lbs 25o V 22C %
OCEAN TRAVEL.
COMPAGNIB OENEBALE TRANSATLANTIQC£.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
falling every Thursday, Instead of iffljiSm
Saturday, .at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, *3*BWraR»
North lUver. foot ot Morton street. First-class
to Havre. . $55 . and upward. Seoond class to
Havre, J45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, 22
Broadway f Hudson building). New York, r J.
F. FUQAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. - San Francisco. Tickets
sold bv nil . Railroad Ticket - Agents. . -
FOB U. S. SAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Stenmer "Monticello."
MON;, Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. ', at 9:45
a. m., 3:31. 8:30 p.m. (ex. Thursday night) ; Fri-
days, ]j\ m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.; 8
p. m. landing and offlce. Mission-street' Dock,
Flcr.No. 2.J Telephone Main 1WS. '
. OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
RV TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABTi
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Vaderland Mar. 27 Vaderland April 17
St. I^>u1b April 3 St. Louis April 24
New York April 10 New York May 1
RED STAR LINK.
New York and Antwara.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Noordland Mar. 27|TVe*ternland ...April 17
Frleeland April 3|Kensineton April 24
Southwark April 101 Zeeland .May 1
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. General Agent.
Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery et.
AilAanf A C £? 4* A ruwxit, samoa,' new
occanics.s.co. EE|§ .
SS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Thursday. March 21, 2 p. m.
ES. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, March 27, 9 d. m.
S3. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. April 6. 2 p. m.
I. D.SPRECKL5 k BROS. CO., Basra! Agents, 327 Kartrt St
Bufl Passenger Ofa, 643 Market St., pisr U. 1, Pzciii: St
PANAMA R, R, SI
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. JK1O5: Steerage. *4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Kcanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. — sails Tuesday, April 16.
From wharf, foot of Lombard st.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger offlce. 330 Market et.
.F. P. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Aeent.
PACOTO STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
C0KPANIA 8170 AKERICANA DE VAP0SSS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Railing:
SS. TCCAPEL March tZ 1901
BS. AREQUIPA April 4. 1901
SS. LIMARI April 17, 1901
ES. PERU April—, 1901
•. At 12 m. from Section 2, Seawall.
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service,
iXo charge at A«*apulro or Panama.) Freight
and paB«en«rer offlce. 31« California, street.
BALFOL'R. OL'THRIE & CO.. Apents.
¦""* f T I""fc #"V F^ ffTT * 250 excursion June
H I) |<ll V- 9 t* ». by specially char-
¦— • V - / *V V -' ¦ ¦— ' ter*>d steamer "City
of Rome." 8415 tons.
in Scotland. England, Ireland. Bftlglum and
Trance, with $70 Rhine and Kwtas side trip;
pjnr ftlnrlk Pnmn * 1C0 l ta 'y extenBlon.
S425 North Cape a/--^ %%
May and June,' via Gibraltar. .„.
F. C. CLARK. Ill Broadway, N. T.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMEBS.
Searby's Pharmacy, cor. Sutter and Stockton.
K. f. Bayly, cor. Grant ave. and Sutter st.
Andrew Olsen. 40O Geary st. ¦
Fred B. Hnltlngr. cor. Third and Howard rta.
D. D. Hunt. 1S00 Halght st.
H. G. Gerdes. S43 Kearny «t
Park Hotel Pharmacy. AUuneda. | •
Bender's Alamecia Pharmacy. Atameda. ! »
Rlley's Drag Store. Alameda.
Pond's Berkeley Pharmacy, Berkeley. ; -
Osgood Bros., Seventh and Broadway, Oakland.
Wishart'a Druz Btore. cor. Tenth and Wllk*
1 net on sta.. Oakland.
Inman & Son. San RafaeL
No Percentage Drug Co.. 949 Market 'st.
J. S. Potts Drug Co.. distributing: depot for
San Francisco, 1016 Market st. .
Lion Pharmacy. 832 Market it., cor. Stockton.
McDonnell' 9 Pharmacy, 108 Grant ave.
J. Calegarls. Kearny and Pacific sts.
J. H. Boyson, Twenty-first and Valencia. «ts.
Dahlbender & Co.,^2H Kearny st.
Val Schmidt's, Polk and Jackson sts.
The Grant Drug Co., 38-40 Third nu
Dr. H. B. KHbourn. tel Third et
Van Ness Pharmacy. Market and Van Nets.'
Win. J. Bryan, under Grand Hotel.
Wakelee & Co., -cor. Montgomery and Bush sta.
Roofs, Sixth and Howard sta.
Verus Pile Cure Is not simply a salve or ointment, or powder or linnlQ. cr any-
thing more or less than a cure for piles— a painful, troublesome and often dan-
gerous malady with which, male and female are affected.
The Verus Pile Cur© Co. has Its very existence at stake, as wen as th»
reputation of the scientific and reputable physicians who have, by careful re-
search, discovered a true (Verus) pile cure. The counsel and advice of the com-
pany's DOCTORS OF MEDICINE (lady and gentleman of highest rank) are «re«
to every purchaser of any VERUS PILE CURE. ¦ • •
"Best and quickest results" is our motto and, we might say. our treatment. It
is expensive to the company otherwise. Our agents (ONLY THE BEST DRUO-
GISTS) will give receipt showing that you have purchased the cure. Our placa
of business is neither a secret box nor a myth. UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
AGBNTS.
"I had piles for twenty-five long years. Less than one box Verus cured ma.
P. S.— God bless you for discovering: such a remedy. J. TV. SMITH.
. 62 W. Madison St., Chicago."*
And there are 9999 OTHERS. • •
NOT A CURE ALL AND YET A CURE ALL
% Jl m. 9^-4 JLi r»_r < 9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vig-or
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent Dy Mall
to All Who Writs. •
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against' the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home . treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful ! folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation" of parts can now
euro themselves ; at home.. • -
: The remedy • has : a ¦ peculiarly grateful
effect of -warmth and seems to act direct
to the : desired location, < giving strength
and development Just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and ; has j been i an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request.to the State
Medica! - Institute, 328 Elektron building.
Fort ."Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire
one, of .. their free trial . packages, will be
complied with promptly. ¦ The Institute is
desirous . of reaching that ; great class' of
men who are unable to leave home to be
treated. ¦ and the s free sample /will enable
them to see how easy It is to be cured of
sexual ; weakness -, when the proper • reme-
dies are employed. The -Institute makes
no restrictions., Any, man who writes will
be i sent: a free sample, carefully ; sealed
in ; a 1 * plain: package, so that- its: recipient
need '- have - no f ear t of ¦ embarrassment or
punlicity.'-Readers are requested to write
without delay. i->4J#S^^a^gSEHBnBI>
ID EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOBIUKL
THE FflTrOBTPTg.
Says He Is in Much Better Physical Condition Since Using
Paine's Celery Compound,
• "DETROIT, Mich., Tan. 22, ipoi. ) '
''Some time ago, attracted by the very high testimonials publishcd.as to the efficacy of Paine's celery
COvJpound, I took it on trial for impaired digestion and consequent nervousness. I found very great ben-
efit from its use, and, therefore, desire to bear this testimony to any who may be influenced to try this. rem-
edy by my experience with it. ' WILLIAM C. MAYBURY '."Andrew Carnegie is reported to receive nearly a ton
01 icttcrs every week asking for donations to every
sort o\ thing known to American life. That is one
of the inevitable consequences of being known as'^
gcr.eious millionaire and has the good effect of. in
creasing the -revenues of the Postoffice Department
without hurting anj-body, for, of course, the recipients
of the letters do not put in any valuable time reading
them.
An* Oakland woman has tried five times without
success to kill herself. She \ ought to be particularly
well qualified toorganize a suicide club' and imbibe
some^original suggestions from the members on the
theory and practice.' of self-destruction.
The commander of a French ship, refused in. stolid
indifference the other day. to help men and women
who were in imminent danger of shipwreck on At
lantic^waters. This shipmaster must have heard of the
disaster to the Rio de Janciro.and taken'his cue from
the conduct of our life-saving service.
Aluminum is now produced so cheaply that it is
reported to be 'coming into use for the manufacture
of portable houses. It is said to be superior to any
other material for that purpose, and, in fact, is re
ported tc^ be so convenient for such uses that in the
near future almost every well-regulated family will
have an aluminum house ready to be set up anywhere
in the mountains or along the seashore that the family
may desire to spend the summer. "
AS WAS to have been expected, the Bryan preas
"is lurid with denunciation of "gag rule" in th»
Senate. To begin with, no rule" of closure has
been adopted in the Senate. A closure rule has been
proposd by Mr. Platt of Connecticut which will enable
a majority to get a vote on a measure when a vote is
impeded by speeches thirteen and sixteen hours in
length. The Senate may or may not adopt the closur;.
As we have explained, such summary motions as
the previous question and to lay on the table were
omitted from the Senate rules on the theory that there
should be no bar to the expression of sentiment upon
pending legislation. It was intended that the minority
should fully antagonize a majority measure, but not
that the minority should abuse its privilege by pre
venting legislation for which the majority is willing 1
to assume responsibility. :
But, whether, there be a closure or not, by what
right do the Bryanites froth about a gag rule in the
Senate? The Senate is not the fountain head and
source of government in this country. It is two re
moves away from the source at which gag rule can
be made effective in destroying our institutions. Their
source is the ballot-box. When the ballots are kept
out of it or*are dishonestly counted a blow is struck
at freedom that is effective. Such a gag rule gags
indeed. It strikes at the real vitals of the Government.
If it were not for the successful application of thi3
fatal gag by Bryan's followers two Senators from
Mississippi, two from Alabama, two from South CaW'
Una and two from North Carolina would not bV in
that body to mouth about closure. Eight Senators
will sit in the next Senate from those States because
a majority of the voters have been successfully gagged
and shut away from the ballot-box. What, is to be
said of the authors .and beneficiaries of such a ga?
law, and what of the law itself when compared to
a rule that is merely prohibitive of thirteen and six
teen hour speeches consisting mostly of wind?*
; During the next legislative and Congressional cam
paign the country will be abundantly tormented by
this Senatoriargag rule talk/as it was in 1890 about
Reed's rules in the House.. But the country will
probably remember that when a Democratic Hous*
GAG RULE.
a committee generally are to carry out
the -«vlsl\es of the body creating ru In
some -instances the executive committee
has vested in It all the powers of the cre
ating: body between sessions of that body.
SUBJECT FOR DEBATES— Miss I. It
Is a rule of this department never to give
reasons for or against any proposition se
lected as a subject for debate. If this de
partment furnished reasons In support of
the proposition, you being on the affirma
tive side, nnd you snould adopt them, they
would not be your reasons. The object of
a debate Is to draw out the Individual rea
sons of the debaters. Suggest that you iro
tc the reference room of the Free Public
Library and there read up the arguments
that were presented for and against tha
subject mentioned in your communication
and then visit the periodical rooms of that
Institution and read up In the reviews ar
ticles for and against, then draw your
own conclusions.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE-N. M. T..
City. An executive committee Is a cre
ated body, the duties of which are des
tined by the constitution of the orffanlza
tion appointing auch. The duties of such
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AT HOTEL. DEL COEONADO th* season U
now on at full tide. American and Eurspiaa
plar.s. Best of everything. Including tHe cadv
acter cf entertainment. Apply 4 New Moatf.ov
cry St.. city, (or special ticket.
It is a misfortune that Morgan did liis evil worst
to prevent just the honorable consummation fore
shadowed in the British note. Otherwise the two
Cabinets.would probably have arranged honorably to
set aside theClayton-Buhver treaty and clear for the
canal a path that has been continually obstructed by
an alliance between the fool friends and the implacable
enemies of the great enterprise. '
- Recent events have made no change in our inter
national obligations. In our outside intercourse with
the Governments of the world we are under the
same decent restraints that were always upon us. Th e
red-hot jingoes might learn something from the atti
tude and conduct of Washington. -He was the suc
cessful revolutionary leader who overthrew British
power, accomplished independence and as first Presi
dent under the constitution had to enter into inter
national relations with the Government he had hu
miliated. Those relations he sustained like a states
man, without a show of prejudice or passion and
without rousing either on the part of Great Britain.
His successors in the Presidency have been mindful
of his lofty example. But- all this makes no impres
sion upon the mere politicians, who ascribe the atti
tude of Washington when-assumed by a modern Presi
dent to a cringing and subservient disposition.
This brings into view the impolicy of Morgan's
kind of Senatorial diplomacy. In his speech he criti
cized the British Government and attacked the King,
and that sort of thing is resented when it is offered
by part of the treaty-making power of this Govern
ment. It is considered in proper place in the House
and of course as necessary on the stump/ But it is no
more proper in the Senate'than it would be in thi
President or Secretary of State.
The note to that effect is said to contain evidences
that the British Government would receive in a
proper spirit of concession a proposal to discuss the
abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwcr treaty by assent
and joint action of the two Governments, while it
also contains evidence that Great Britain will noi
agree to be put in the position of yielding that point
under such fire as Morgan directs at her.
THE TREATY REJECTED.
THE British Cabinet, as was expected, has re
jected the - Hay-Pauncefote treaty on account
of the Senate amendments.
WASHINGTON, March ID.— The follow
ing Californians are in Washington: At
the St. James, Joseph L. Frame of San
Francisco; at the Raleigh. O. Newhouse
of San Francisco; at the Nonnandie.
Charles Monroe of Los Angeles and David
Wlthlngton of San Diego.
CAXirOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Albemarle; M. H. Hlckey. at Grand Un
ion; Miss S. Jarvie. at Union Square: L.
V. Levlson, at Holland: J. Marks and
wife, at Savoy; A. A. McPennison and F.
Etadtmeler, at Grand Union; A. P. Tal
bot. at Manhattan; J. H. White, at Herald
Square; Mrs. "W. Lewis, at Earllngtcn; 3.
Grimany, at Navarre; S. F. Shields at
Murray HIU.
NEW YORK. March 13.— The following
Californians are in New Torlc: From San
Francisco — F. Books, at Holland: Dr. J.
L. Dlxon. at St. Cloud; F. B. Flr.dlay. at
GAIilTORNIAlTS IN NEW YOBK.
Santa Clara College has furnished for the service
of California many a noble man of that type. Through
their influence her lessons have been extended widely
throughout the world. No human means can meas
ure the extent of it, but every citizen can appreciate
something of its value to himself and to his com
munity and be thankful to those who fifty years ago
laid in Santa Clara the foundations of the college
¦whose jubilee finds it with such a glorious record of
accomplished good.
From the college there have gone forth men to
serve the State with usefulness in every department of
endeavor. Some among them have attained high dis
tinction and rank among the most honored of our
citizens. Not a few of them are among the illustrious
dead whose deeds will brighten the pages of history
and whose examples will live long as incentives to
aspiring youth. Yet it is not by these distinguished
graduates only that the work of the college is to be
measured. It has been said with some truth "ths
world knows nothing of its greatest men." Many a
faithful worker lives in obscurity unknown to fame
whose deeds and whose influence is as helpful as those
of any whom fame attends. Indeed the welfare of a
community is mainly dependent upon those silent and
unnoted workers, who do their work because it is a
duty and not because of any renown or glory that arc
to come from it.
If it be true, as Ruskin says, that any work of man
gams something of nobleness by being designed for
all time, then this institution ranks'among the noblest
works that have ever been done on the Pacific Coast.
It is dedicated to the service of liberal education for
all time to come, and from the past fifty years of ear
nest labor can draw auguries that the designs
of its founders will be abundantly realized from
generation to generation. The jubilee that it cele
brates now is but the record of an infancy. It is but
at the beginning of its career, and yet when measured
by the work done it might well be called venerable.
Contrasted with the history of colleges in Europe
or even with those of some of the Eastern States, the
fifty years of life which Santa Clara College has at
tained is but a brief span. In California, however, it
is accounted an old college. It is one of the institu
tions that have come down to us from the days of the
pioneers; one of the proofs that the men who cam
to this coast were not all of them mere adventurers
seeking for gold to carry back to. their homes in
other lands. The men who founded Santa Clara Col
lege and those who gave to it the support that in
creased its usefulness were something more than self
seekers. They were not men who build for to-day
only, but for all time. They gave freely of their
energy, their labors, their thoughts and their treasure
for the generations of the future.
ALL Californians will find something to inte-est
them in the celebration of the jubilee of Santa
Clara College. The history of the college
begins virtually at the same time with the history of
the commonwealth as z State of the American Union.
From the very first it has been one of the most
potent intellectual and moral forces that tend to the
upbuilding of California life, and the record of what
it has accomplished is one that can be. read with
pride and with thankfulness by every patriot.
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE.
Opportunity to Eslp the Negro.
Mrs. Washington 13, I am sure, ready to
further this work among Southern colored
women with her utmost efforts: she has
some capable and interested workers who
will stand back of her;, more can be en
listed and back of them stretches a field
for endeavor which . is boundless. The
white club women of - the South will aid
nnd encourage the movement; the sinews
of war are the one thing needful; for lack
of money the movement goes slowly. For
these who seek a' paying investment I
The mothers will learn as much as the
children, and they need It just as sadly
There will be a Constant Interplay between
the two, and the homes will stand a dual
chnnce of being affected by the moral life
of the kindergarten.
The fourth point of interest In the plan
of the new movement presents itself In the
immense interactionary - value of tha
mothers* club and the kindergartens. .
The white people of the South have
given the negro his grammar school edu
cation, a hundred millions of it; the white
people of the North have given him hun
dicds of thousands of dollars worth of
higher education; the negro himself has
helped earnestly, and for. the first time. In
securing a considerable measure of indus
trial education, and yet. with all these
provisions, education- is not accomplish
ing for tho negro what It should. Why?
Because none of it begins soon enough. The
very little children must be reached with
moral suggestion. Many are lost as citi
zens before they reach the public schools,
and there the effort is to train the Intellect,
not to form character. The demand for
infant education is more peremptory with
th& negro than with the whites, because
his need of character building and, of
moral suggestion is so much greater, and
because his home influences retard moral
advancement. The klndergarden, widely
diffused and especially adapted. Is the
foundation upon which negro education of
the future" must rest. That Its Inaugura
tion has been left for women Is a signi
ficant sijrn of the times.
The second point of interest in the phe
nomenon before us Is that the colored
women who are inaugurating thl3 work
have, in so doing, been from-the begin
ning in close touch with friends
among the white women of the South, who
stand at the very head of the club move
ment of the United States. In every case
where organization among the colored
women of a town has been effected the
oiganizer has gone to that town armed
with letters from Southern club women
to other Southern club women, and In
every Instance aid. advice, encouragement
and indorsement have been gladly given.
The plan of the work for the future in
cludes the Idea that the club of white
women all over the South shall stand back
of this work of colored women, and by
every possible means aid and further it.
The Atlanta Women's Club has. by re
quest of tne colored women, appointed a
committee which will be at their ser
vice for advice and encouragement; the
Georgia State Federation will use the in
fluence of its forty-seven clubs to promote
the work. Other Southern States will
gladly follow Georgia's lead. Thus South
ern club women are embracing heartily
the opportunity to give all possible aid
and encouragement to the colored women.
This aid the latter In the best possible
spirit gladly accept.^
In lhe third place the special work which
this movement proposes is the one thing
needful to till the gap that all previous
efforts have left in the system of negro
education. ¦ .
White Women Lend Their Aid.
It is a movement of negroes for negroes.
In this respect it is unique. Nearly every
movement which has been inaugurated
for the negro has come from the outside
and has been offered to him as a gift.
Even when he has been asked to help in
It the plan, at least, has come from with
out. In this case, although white women
have given advice and substantial aid, the
movement\i3 and will continue to be the
work of colored women. Its leaders feel
the Importance of this, and while they
know they must have ~nancial aid. they
are convinced that every colored woman
in the South should contribute of her in
dividual substance to the work If the best
results are to be obtained. There can be
little doubt that they have struck bedrock
here; the condition of the negro problem
to-day hinges largely upon the fact that
the negro has had too much done for him.
Both sections by giving him too many
things before he had earned them have
festered, Instead of removing, his Irre
sponsibility. The Southern States, by the
expendituae of the immense sum of $100,
000,000, have removed 50 per cent of the
race from Illiteracy, and the North, by
the creation and maintenance of many in
stitutions for the higher education, has
taught the negro many things. And yet,
If all these sums and all the benefits they
have brought could have come as the re
sult of Bome effort on the part of the ne
gro himself, I can but believe that other
and more valuable racial results would
have accrued, of which •all Interested are
now feeling the lack. However, all these
things are already done or not done: it is
idle to look back except as looking back
may help us In going forward. We should
be wiser than our past and by this light
special significance lies in the fact that
this movement of Southern colored wo
men is inaugurated by them for their own
race and will be thus carried .on.
The movement thus outlined presents
several features which command special
interest and promise well for its outcome.
Thus will be practically launched the
most important measure yet inaugurated
in behalf of the negro race. With sober
ness and due consideration I am con
vinced the granting of political suffrage
and the founding of mighty universities
in its behalf never meant half so much
to the race as will this initial step, where
by Its women move forward In honest,
genuine, practical effort to help them
selves through their children. i*or the
first time the vital springs of motive in
the race itself are being touched: the con
sequent effort and its results will be gen
uine.
Vast Importance of the Work.
The president was empowered to appoint
the following representatives: (1) A gen
eral organizer for the entire South, who
shall systematically canvass for the for
mation of mothers' clubs and kindergar
tens. (2) A State organizer for each of
the Southern States, who shall work in
her local field under the general organ
izer. (3) A general representative of the
kindergarten work of the Southern Fed
eration of Colored "Women's Clubs, whose
duty it shall be to travel in its interest
and secure funds which shall be necessary
to the success of the work.
Southern Federation, was, therefore,
warmly confirmed and the members con
secrated themselves anew to its further
ance. .
Mrs. Booker Washington.
That question will have' to be considered in con
nection with the general plan of upbuilding the Amer
ican merchant marine. So long as our Government
leaves our ocean carrying; trade in the hands of for
eigners and does nothing to promote American ship
ping interests, we can hardly discuss fruit steamers
as a practical question. In the end, however, the ship,
ping. bill will certainly be enacted, and we shall then
Ik- able to meet the Canadians or any one else on
equal terms.
The Consul directs attention to the fact that the
Canadians have ..established a line of steamers de
signed mainly for carrying fruit to Europe, and says:
"Is it, not worth while for American fruit-grower 1 :
to consider the advantages reaped by the Canadians
through the institution <of this new line of ocean fruit
vessels, to consolidate their interests, and^o meet the
eminently practical features of this new competition?"
With reports of that nature coming from Francs
itself it is likely the wine consumers of our Eastern
States will learn at last that California wine is worth
as much under its own label as under a French label,
and we shall then have a home market that will ma
terially improve the conditions of the industry.,
The English report, coming from S. C. McFarland,
Consul. at Nottingham, says; "Fruit from the vast
orchards of Oregon and California has flooded Lon
don and the large provincial towns. The imports of
the season have thus far been phenomenal both in
quality and in quantity." A leading fruit merchant is
quoted as saying: "The immense crop of California
and Oregon apples will be of great advantage to con
sumers, who will be able to purchase fine fruit at mod
erate prices. * * * I n other kinds of fruit, such
as plums and oranges, the California trade is growing
vyith. great rapidity."
The report from France comes from John C.
Covert, Consul at Lyons, and deals with
Wine Production in 1900." After pointing out that
the wine production of France for that year was
1,721,000,000 gallons, "a yield that has only been ex
ceeded three times during the past century," he goes
on to say that the Government is trying to augment
the consumption of French wine by making it cheapsr,
and to that end has already reduced the wine tax and
will probably repeal it altogether. Then he adds.
"Wine is now produced, more cheaply in California
than in France. -TJie efforts to introduce French wint
into Japan have allVen ineffectual on account of Cali
fornia competition, the Japanese declaring that they
could buy wine cheaper and of as good a quality in
San Francisco as in France."
OUR WINES AND FRUITS ABROAD
G^ONSULAR REPORTS for March contains
j» two reports, one from France and the othc
from England, rtferring to the extent to which
our wines and fruits are making their way in the for
eign market, and each of them can be read with no
little satisfaction. They show that the excellence of
our products is becoming generally recognized,, and
give ground for expecting an increased demand with
an increased profit in the near future.
A cablegram was received here yester
day conveying the information that John
D. Spreckels, who is now at Sydney, Aus
tralia, is about to leave that city on his
return trip. The cablegram further states
that he will sail as far as Honolulu on the
Ventura and at that place transfer to the
next Oceanic Company's steamship bound
this way. The Ventura will arrive on
April 8 and Mr. Spreckela will reach this
city a few days later.
Eugene Sheehy and John Munroe left
yesterday for Idaho, where they will
speed several months looking after min
ing Interests. -
Miss Lottie R. Walker, daughter of J. C
Walker, a capitalist of Fresno, has re
turned from Honolulu and is staying at
tho Lick. ;.; -
C. W. Waldron, a merchant of Santa
Cruz, accompanied by his wife. Is spend
ing a few days at tho Palace.
P. W. Miller, a merchant of Los Ange
les, Is In town on business and Is regis
tered at the Palace.
Edward Chambers, general freight agent
of the Santa Fe In Los Angeles, Is stay
ing at the Palace.
G. F. McElfresh, high chief ranger of
the Foresters of America, Is at the Grand
for a few days.
R. M. Hersey, a merchant of San Jose,
accompanied by bis wife, is staying at tho
Palace.
E. M. Boyd of Honolulu is at the Occi
dental.
Walter Scott, sb-merchant cf Selma. Is at
the Lick.
T. H. Haden. a hotel man of Oroville. is
at the Grand.
Dr. T. H. Shorey and wife of Vallejo are
at the Grand.
George H. Pratt of Hasting*. Nab., is
at the Occidental.
A. Meyer, a merchant of Modesto, la a
gcfrst at the Lick.
J. C. Quinn. an oil man of Bradley. Is
staylnc at the Lick.
L. A. Gross, a mining man of Drytown,
Is staying at the Lick.
T. P. Spiers, a merchant of San Jose, Is
a guest at the Palace.
Thomas J. King, a merchant ct Sacra
merto, is at the Palace.
Clark AlbertI of San Diego registered at
the Occidental yesterday.
F. H. Kennedy, an attorney of Stockton,
Is a guest at the California.
Peter Johnson, a Jeweler of Angela
Camp, is a guest at the Lick.
E. R. Graham, an oil man of Bakers
field, is a guest at the Palace.
Captain A. Jordan, a steamship man of
Bremen, Is at the Occidental.
J. B. Chinn. a fruit raiser of Porter
ville, Is registered at the Grand.
W. R. Carithers, a newspaper man of
Santa Rosa. Is at the California.
K. L. Van Cleeck, an attorney of Santa
Cruz, is a guest at the California.
M. Bittens, manager of tha Byroa
Springs, is registered at the Palace.
Thomas L. Neal. an attorney of Los Jlbt
gcles. Is registered at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The encouraging results of the one year
of; experimental work-- convinced the col
ored women of the society and their white
friends 'even: more; deeply than before of
the value and necessity of Iheiwork. -Its
adoption, as tha anec.lal endeavor of ithe
. But' !'how. shall they hear, without a
preacher?" How follow without a leader?
Tothis point; then; of securing systema
tized leadership for colored women in es
tablishing and 'maintaining kindergarten
work': the I Southern | Federation of Colored
Women's* Clubs devoted ' special attention
at the recent meeting in Atlanta.
That the colored women of the South
are ready and anxious to undertake this
work for the children of their race is evi
denced by the fact that in every town
where, the matter has been broached
women in plenty have been 'found ready
and willing to form mothers' clubs, which
are. in turn, to inaugurate kindergartens.
Such beginnings for the work\ have been
made in Atlanta, Montgomery, Charles
ton. Macon, Rome and Barnesville; Ga.
That, these places have been organized is
due solely to the fact that an .organizer
was able by personal effort to make her
way ; there. Hundreds: of other Southern
towns teem witn Just as good material for
the' work and are Just as ripe for organi
zation. Only ihe leader Is needed. With
money : enough to .spread such leadership,
a, few years would see thousands' of col
ored women throughout ; the : Southern
States in organization . for the purpose > of
pocuring early training for their children.
Such effort would prove : the most ef
iectual means < f moral and ethical devel
opment for the women themselves. . ¦
Randy Response to tha Suggestion.
The clubwomen of «the South became
deeply interested in the idea and were not
long in perceiving that for their section
the kindergarten work as a method of so
cial quarantino must begin. with the ne
gro: since he furnishes the substratum of
our social structure he must be reached
lirst. and that 'n a way which the schools
were failing to do. Through 1 the club
women a few or the colored women of the
South became aroused to the paramount
necessity of the kindergarten movement
among their people. Chief among these
was Mrs. Cary. who after a year or two
of local agitation in connection with some
leading Southern clubwomen gladly seized
the opportunity of the Montgomery meet
ing to propose that the Southern clubs
of colored women should adopt as their
special line of work the promotion of the
kindergarten idea among their people.
She had enthusiastic backing from Mrs.
\vashington, who is an ardent advocate
of the social value of the kindergarten
airs. Cary was made chairman of the
movement for the first year, which has
Just closed. The society was too young
and unformed to be possessed of funds,
and so the work has been slow, depending
upon happy accidents which might fur
nish transportation here or there Even
these unsystematlzed efforts have, how
ever, borne sufficient fruit to convince
those interested that the harvest genu
inely Is great.
A few delegates from various parts of
the South met in Montgomery In Decem
ber, W$, and formed a provisional organi
zation, with Mrs. Washington as presi
dent and Mrs. Alice Cary of Atlanta as
secretary. Mrs. Cary was a warm advo
cate of a Southern organization, knowing
as she did the crying need for concen
trated effort among the colored people of
the Southern States. Though a teacher
by profession, for years she had devoted
her leisure time and her private means to
rescue work in the slums of Atlanta and
especially in the prison camps and chain
gangs. Through such experiences as she
met there the moral and social needs of
her people had eaten into her heart, and
ehe looked eagerly for the next step for
ward. This step, she believes, lies in the
universal kindergarten for the negro.
Some years since Horace Fletcher of
New York was In Atlanta as the guest of
Mrs. Rebecca Douglas Lowe and the
Women's Club. He came to urge the es
tablishment in large numbers of slum kin
dergartens as a method of social quaran
tine.
Beginning a Great Movement.
For reasons like these many of us feel
the vital necessity for organization among
those women who are the wives and moth
ers of the more than 8,000,000 persons who
constitute the negro race. Moral uplift, a
higher standard of character, a purer and
loftier race Ideal," with a corresponding
raising of the plane of practical life— these
are the things of which the negro stands
so much in need and no amount of effort
from without will bring them to him. Mis
sionaries may preach and schools and col
leges may teach, but until the propaganda
of a higher standard of living is taken, up
and pushed by the people themselves we
shall Bee little fruit from great labor. In
the -light -of such reflection, very special
interest attaches to a meeting whicn has
recently convened in Atlanta, Ga., and
which marks the most decisive movement
yet instituted for aggressive work
among negro women and through them
tor their race.- On December 27 and 23 the
bouthern Federation of Colored Women's
Clubs held its first annual convention In
Atlanta; at this meeting its existence was
confirmed and Its plans and methods ¦ of
work more fully outlined than had been
possible at the Initial meeting in Mont
gomery the previous December. Its pres
ident. Mrs. Booker Washington, of Tus
kegee. Is a devoted member and earnest
upholder of the National Federation of
Colored Women's Clubs, but living, aS she
does, in the heart of the "black belt," she
could see how different were the needs
and present possibilities of the millions of
negroes in the South from those of the
scattered colored population of all the oth
er States in the Union. These needs of
the Southern colored women are not only
different but a thousand times more press
ing, and circumstances prevent them from
depending upon a far-off organization for
help or inspiration. A few earnest spirits
urged upon Mrs. Washington the forma
tion of a small organization, which, while
working in full accord with the national
federation, should afford an arena and all
opportunity for the great mass of colored
women who are, of course, congested in
the South. Mrs. Washington could not re
sist such arguments; she assumed the
burden and threw herself Into the move
ment which has since taken form as the
Southern Federation of Colored Women's
Clubs.
The enlarged vision, the raised Ideal,
cannot bo handed down from a great
height and- swallowed whole by a waiting
substratum. Aspiration and conception
must be kindled and quickened within the
hearts and minds of some individuals of
every class, and they will ignite the
whole.
Negro Women's Work for the Race.
In organization is not only strength, but
development, and through It nearly all the
•women of the civilized world are coming
into some sort of realization of their true
place and power as special pleaders for
th6 higher ethical ideal and representa
tives of the spiritual values of life as off
set against the material, j From women
must come any special advance in this
struggle for "sweetness and light" in the
individual or national life of our people;
their efforts must leaven. the whole lump
of our social organism. To this end not
some but all the women must be enlisted;
each class in our complex social organi3m
can bo reached only by the women of that
claps.
The foremost concrete agency through
which this diffused Influence of-woman is
being attained Is the organized life Into
which women of all creeds, classes and de
grees are being- drawn.
That the twentieth is to be the woman's
century means not alone that in it women
arc to have more liberty or more "rights."
They will have these, too, but, above all,
they will be possessed of a wider responsi
bility through which their Influence for a
higher standard of morals and ideals will
be extended beyond the home to the State
in its every department.
(COPYRIGHT. 1901.)
V.— WOMEN'S CLUBS AND THE NEGEO PROBLEM.
ATION OF WOMEN'S CLUBS.
By IMrs. Jolm. KZ. Ottley.
MEMBER; OF THE INDUSTRIAL COMMITTEE OF THE GENERAL FEDER-
What American Women Are Doing to Up
lift the Golored Race and Solve
the Negro Problem.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
: The San • Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
WE have been glad to note every instance of re
bellion among the clergy against the conduct
of the so-called Christian nations in China.
The different branches of the Christian church have
too readily assumed that if China were cut and carved
to suit the commercial greed of the Western powers
i« would be as easy to fasten Christianity upon the
pieces as it is to paste circus bills on the ruins of a
house that has been gutted by fire. .
This feeling has led to a policy either of approba
tion or silence on the part of the clergy as to the
doings which have made the path of the Christians in
China scarlet with the blood of the people. We have
never seen any reason to anticipate that the Chinese
people could be soundly converted by the crimes com
mitted among them in the name of the faith they are
2sked to embrace. Mahometanism was a religion of
the sword. It spread by war from the Pyrenees to
Cashmere. But its method was different from the
slaughter and thieving that have attended the Chris
tian progress in China. If a city or a kingdom would
acknowledge one God and accept the son of Abdal
lah as his Prophet the captains of the Caliphs coun
termarched their armies and left the country inde
pendent and undisturbed in any of its civil institu
tions. The Mahometan soldier was abstinent, self
controlled and disciplined. In religion he was as
fanatical as the most pronounced Christian mission
ary, but as a man and a soldier he lived strictly up to
the ideals of his faith.
It is needless to say that the Christian armies in
China have not carried the cross there, and that their
conduct has been more savage, bestial, inhuman and
awful than has ever characterized the warfare of wild
and primitive man. That seems a hard judgment, but
its truth rests upon the unimpeachable testimony of
men like Sir Robert Hart and Dr. Dillon.
Recently the Rev. Dr. Eaton of New York, in his
Sunday sermon, joined Bishop Potter and Cardinal
Vaughan in denouncing the Christian policy and con
duct in China. Dr. Eaton said:
w If it be necessary to convert China at the cannon's
mouth and by the bloody sword, at the behest of
the spirit of commercialism and greed, then I say
a thousand times rather would I have Confucius
rule China than Jesus. War is not Christian. I do
not say that war is not sometimes necessary, but .1 do
say it is always unchristian. The war in China was
one which we were perhaps compelled to fight, but it
is one that does not reflect any credit on Chris
"We cannot open ports in the name of Jesus. The
history of the Christian nations in China during the
last year has been a disgrace to Christianity. It has
been a history of murder, rapine and rape, in the
name of Christianity, in the name of the Golden
Rule.
"If China can only be christianized by dismem
berment and exploitation, then far better that thi
Chinese should remain followers of Confucius, who
was a firm believer la equity and justice and taught
tc that effect. .
"May some almighty power keep back our hands
from the throat of China. God grant that China may
be won for Christianity, but God grant also that
China may have the courage and the power to resist
until the Christian nations have learned the true les
sons of Christianity.
"There are abundant signs now that if we do not
desist from our course the submissive yellow race will
rise in its might and sweep from the earth a Chris
tianity which has become the synonym of cruel
commercial greed."
Those words are true and brave words. We hope
soon to have occasion to add to the honor list many
more American clergymen.
It is the current custom to berate Russia for her
reprehensible greed in Manchuria. Her policy from
the view-point of. honesty and honor is highly crim
inal. But why is such a policy possible? Why does
a great nation pursue a course which stains her honor
and degrades her civilization?
It is because other nations have never resisted sim
ilar temptations under similar circumstances, and,
there is no evidence that they will resist them now.
There being no honor among thieves of that kind,
Russia is simply improving her opportunity and
rraking the most of her position, which happens to
be more favorable for land stealing than that of her
rivals. China is not blind to the situation, and is no
doubt willing to give Manchuria to "Adam Zad, the
Bear," provided Adam will help' her save the rest of
her territory from theft by the other beasts of prey
that are murdering and robbing her people. ,
No wonder that Bishop Potter declares that in the
cause celebre of China against the Christian world
he appears as couns:l for China. And we are glad
to enroll Rev. Dr. Eaton as his associate counsel.
ANOTHER PREACHER REBELS.
succeeded the House over which Reed set up his rules
its Democratic Speaker was compelled to adopt them
in order to compel not- the Republicans but his own
party; to attend t to public business. Under the thin
disguise of a "Committee on Rules," of which the
Speaker "is dictator, Reed's rules were retained in
force ; by Crisp during two Democratic Congresses,
and are iri force to-day. Therefore when the campaign
cry is raised next year the people will s'mile. The
gentle Tillman will complain in vain," for he sits in
the Senate by virtue of a Vnurdered franchise, as do
Morgan and Pettus, Money and Sullivan, and as soon
will sit two Senators from North Carolina.
should recommend this work, and to
these genuinely anxious to help the negro
race let ire say: . . . ,
Cease speechmakingr on the subject or
his wrongs and help him to this best kind
of rijrhts— namely, a moral training which
his children need and can assimilate.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, BIARCH 20, 1901.
WEDNESDAY MARCH 20, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Coamaniratieai t« W. E. LEAKE, Kintgtr.
!HA\AGER'S OFFICE Trlrplione Press 2O4
1'IBLICATIOX OFFICE... Slarket and Third. S. F.
Telephone Preaa ZO1.
i:»XTOniAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered lir CnrrJcm, 15 Cents Per Week.
j>i , Slnffle CopleM, S Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including: Postaeei
DAILT CALL- rinctadlns Sunday), one year JS.OO
TAILT CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months S.OO
DAILY CAIJ., (Sr.dudin* Sunday). 3 months. 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month K".
FI"Xr>AT CAIJU One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALU One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
far.;!e copies be forwarded \rhen requested.
CAUL SUBSCRIBERS ecntemplatlnr a change of residence
during Use Bummer months can have their paper forwarded
toy inell to their new addresses by notifying The Call Busi
ness Office. This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and la represented by a local agent In all towns on
tht eo&et. -~" V
Mai! subscribers In ordering change of address ehonlfl b«
particclar to give both NEW AXD OLD ADDRESS la order
to taur» a pi-rapt and correct compliance with their request
OAK1AAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXTCSS.
Kuigti foreign Admtiiing. Mtr^ittJ Bnaiisg, Chistp.
dca* Distance Telephone "Central M13.")
JTETW TOBE OORKESPOSDENT:
r G C CAIt LTO.V. Herald Square
KBW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: -
VTEFinCB B. SMITH . ....... .SO tribune Bnlldlns;
NEW "YORK NF~TS STANDS:
Wel4orf-A«torla Xlctel; A. BrenUno, a Union Eauare*
' Xxanr Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eheraaa House: P, O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
| /Tesuost Hocse; Auditorium HoteL
TTASIIIAGTOX CD. C> OFFICR. . . .14O6 O St.. If. W.
MOETO.V E. CHA.M2, Correspondent.
BBAJTCH OFFICES— €27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cnta tdO o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until S:S3 o'clock. OZ
HcAlllxteT. opea until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin, open until
t:!0 o'clock. 1*41 Mission, open ontU 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner 6!xteenth, open until • o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
Efitn t o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
&er Twenty-eeconfl and gentnea-y. open until » o'clock.
A Mohammedan Mahdi named Muiudzi Uganda
has proclaimed himself the leader of a new doctrine.
As a preliminary to success he ought to make an ef
fort to get a new name.
6
One of the most delicate
foods, in the world, is Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil.
When usual food is a burden,
it feeds you enough to restore
your stomach; baby the same.
The body-builder is food;
the body-restorer is Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil.
We'll send you a little to try If you. Wee.
SCOTT & BOwfaE, 409 Pearl street. New York
.BODY-RESTORER
Food is the body-restorer.
In health, you want nothing
but food; and your baby wants
nothing but food. But, when
not quite well, you want to get
back to where food is enough.
The Dutch Queen Is a great novel reader
and her preference Is for English books
She likes the novels of Scott and Dicker./
who is much inclined to romantic stories.
Keep looklna- youns and save your hair. Its
color and beauty with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the test cure for cores. 15 ct»!
At present pennies are all coined In Phil- •
adelphia by law, because there was for-
merly no demand at all for them In tho
southwest and In the far West.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men oy tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main MMZ •
CaL glace rrult 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Cboice candles, Towns«nd's, Palace Hotel.*
Alcazar — "The Proper Caper."
Columbia — "The High w ay man.**
Alharr.Vm — "The Angel of the Alley.**
Tivoli-'The Weddln* Day."
Central — "Colleen Bawn."
Central — Benefit performance Thursday eight. March 21.
California— "The Telephone GlrL"
Orpfceum— Vaudeville. . *~.'
Grand Opera-houae— "La. Trarlata," Monday nlzht.
Olyinpia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo acd Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
rrer.ir.K.
Kischer' s— Vaudeville.
Fherman-Clav Hall— Piano Recital Friday nlgfct.
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium — Concert Friday nl^ht.
Tanforan Park — Races.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEKTISESIENTS.WEDNESDAY. MARCH 20.
NOTE — The high and low. waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
tho height of tide Is the same at both places,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low-
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Key Legasslck from John A. Le
gassick for failure lo provide, and to
Alice Flood from George Flood for ex
treme cruelty. Suits for divorce were
filed yesterday by Albert C. Bonn! against
Minnie Bohnl for cruelty and Clara Luii
dln against George Henry Lundln for fail
ure to provide. ' . -5.-- . ;
In the Divoros Court.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company
filed a petition yesterday for limitation of
liability in the suit of Sarah Guyon for
$25,525 damages for the loss of her hus
band, Henry Guyon, who perished In the
wreck of the Rio on Washington's birth
day. The petitioner alleges that. the Rio
was wrecked by reason of the . perils of
the sea, and not through the fault or
negligence of her officers or the crew, and
that the value of the Rio and her freight
pending immediately after the wreck was
much less than the sum asked for as
damages. •
Value of the Rio "Wreck.
TO SAIL
Captain Adam Dodd of the bark Vidette re
rorts to the hydrographlc office that on March
12. 1:20 p. m., when in latitude 34 degrees 42
minutes north, longitude 122 degrees 32 min
utes west, or 104 miles north 82 degrees west
from Point Conception, he saw the stern of a
vessel— forward part entirely submerged, no
masts or loose wreckage to be seen;- from ap
pearance of paint seemed to be lately sub
merged. Captain Dodd states that he was
within 100 feet or the wreck, but not see
It until close to. He was making seven knots
at the time and had no time to examine more
closely. C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
:.The following report of the captain of
the bark Vidette has been issued by the
branch hydrographic office:
Information for Mariners.
N. J. Braclawski, a machinist, fell into
the hold of the steamship Sonoma yester
day and sustained some severe injuries
about the scalp and shoulders.
The Pacific Mail Company's Barracouta
arrived from Central American ports yes
terday with a cargo of coffee. She comes
here for tho yearly overhauling.
George E. Niceweinder was burned
about the hands and face and William
Wood on the left hand by blazing oil at
the Risdon Iron Works yesterday. I Both
men were treated at the Harbor Hospital.
The bay schooner Josle got In front of
the barge Nanalmo yesterday and was
cut to the water's edge. She was run on
the mud flats by the tug Alert. The
steamship Australia, with the coal barge
alongside, was being taken from the re
finery to Paclflc-street wharf by the tugs
Defiance and Alert. At a critical moment
the captain of the Josie put his helm the
wrong way and the scow crashed Into the
Nanaimo.
"Water Front Notes.
L.. B. McKinley, son of Assistant Post
master Benjamin McKinley and first cous
in to President McKinley. returned to this
city from Washington yesterday, whero
ho had attended the inauguration of the
President. He is a candidate for Second
Assistant United States District Attor
ney in the event of a vacancy being made
in that office by the promotion of the in
cumbent. Edward J. Banning.
Mr. Bannins's competitor for the office
of first assistant, made vacant by the pro
motion' of Marshall B. Woodworth, is
Duncan E. McKinlay, no relative of the
President, as may be seen by the different
spelling of the family name. Mr. McKin
lay has the indorsements of United States
Senators Bard and Perkins and of Con
gressman Coombs and United States Dis
trict Attorney Woodworth, and therefore
is favorite In the betting. Mr. Banning
has influential friends and relatives in
Canton, Ohio, the home of the President,
and the contest between himself and Mc-
Kinlay will be a warm one. v U~y
Three-Cornered Contest for the Posi
tions in the United States Dis
trict Attorney's Office.
UPON BANNING'S FIGHT
DEPENDS McKINLEY'S
The Yosemite Valley season openfe on
March 28. The Southern Pacific Railroad
Company will on that day place sleeping
cars on the run between Raymond and
this city, and also between 1ms Angeles
and Raymond. The railroad officials
claim that from present indications more
vlBitors will journey to the Yosemite Val
ley this year than during any previous
season.
I trust that, whtn the cars ordered and In
process . of construction are In service, there
will be no further cause of complaint on the
part of the shippers.
Hays addressed his answer to the Rail
road Commissioners, and Jn the letter he
gives his views on the matter. He says
he Is aware of the fact that there are not
enough oil cars to handle the product, but
•that he sees no reason why the oil busi
ness should he at a standstill and the
wells shut down for lack of cars. Hays
suggests that ;none tanks should be erect
ed along the railroad tracks. With these
tanks adjacent to them it should not be
necessary for the wells to be closed down.
In his letter - Hays also says that the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company fully
realizes the value of thla new industry
and that oik cars are being procured as
fast as possible. He says that 500 new oil
tank cars are being constructed as rap
idly as possible and that the delivering of
them will be commenced April 1. In con
clusion Hays says:
President Charles M. Hays of the South
ern Pacific Kailroad has replied to the
petition of . the oil men of Kern County,
who asked for more oil. tars to transport
their petroleum to the market.
Southern Pacific Company Is Invest
ing Large Sum in Rolling Stock
for the Petroleum
Industry.
Explains to Railroad Com
missioners Cause of
Car Shortage.
HAYS SUGGESTS
MORE OIL TANKS
STEAMSHIP OWNERS ARE GETTING
READY FOR EXPECTED NOME RUSH
The First to Get Away Will Be the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company's Jeanie and Thrasher, Which Leave the
Middle of April — Berths on These Are Now at a Premium
Accompanying the account of th<3'.'trus
tees of the Jamc3 Lick Baths,. which wa>
filed Monday, is a request by three oi
their number. Frank A: Sumner,- James
K. Wilson and James Stern, that they b<
relieved from their positions. They as
sert that their private affairs - will .nt
longer permit them to "act as trustees
Henry E. Mathews," the fourth .trustee, is
willing to continue in office.
Trustees Want to -Rssign.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander,; U.'R.N.,* In chargi
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
. chants 1 Exchange, -San Francisco, . Cal
March 19, 1901.
Tho time ball on the tower of the new Fcrrj
building was droppod at exactly noon to-day
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.-
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldei
the early morning tides are given in the lefi
hand column and tho successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time o!
day: the- third time column gives tho last tld(
of the day, except when there are but thre<
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights glvet
are in addition to the soundings on the Unltec
stales Coast Survey charts, except when . c
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and thei
tho number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of referenci
is tho mean of the lower low waters.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Bede. for San Francisco.
LADYSMITH— To sail March 6— Br bark
Antiope, for Lahaina.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 13-StmY Bata
via, from Hamburg; stmr Koenlgen Luise,
from Bremen.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 19— Stmr South
wark, from New' York.
QLEENSTOWN-Arrived March 19 - Stmr
Tustinian. from Et John, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 13— Stmr Van
cou\ er, from Portland*
Sailed March 19— Stmr Lake Superior, from
St John and Halifax.
HONGKONG— Arrived March 19— Stmr Em
press of Ctiina. from Vancouver, B C. via Yo
kohama. Nagasaki and Shanghai. '
Sailed March 19— Stmr Victoria, for Yoko
hama and Taeoma.
TORY ISLAND- Passed March 19-Stmr As
syrian, from Portland, Me. for Glasgow.
BERMUDA— Arrived March 19— Stmr Lau
retlan, from Philadelphia, for Glasgow.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed March IS— Or bark
Schiller, from Hamburg, for .
ANTWERP— In port March t— Ger thlp
filrene. for Honolulu; Br ship Australia, for
San Francisco. •-¦•¦'
VICTORIA — Arrived March. 18 — Jap itmr
Kinshiu Maru, from Yokohama..
HONGKONG— Sailed March 17— Br stmr
Braemcr. for Tacoma. -
CALLAO— Arrived March It— Br ship Tola,
Ti^LE "of WIGHT-i-Passed March 18— Br ship
Derkmcnt, from Portland, for Falmouth. ~ --
DOVFH— Passed March IS— Ger shin J W
Wcndt, hence Oct 17. for Antwerp. ~- -,
CORONEL— Sailed March 16— Stmr Carlifor
nlan, for New York. _-"
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived March 17— Br bark
Oltnogle. from Tacoma- March U-Br ship
King George, hence Oct 16. Mferch 19— Br ship
Marathon, from Oregon. • '
HAMBURG—TO salt March C— Ger ftmr Her
monlhls. for. San Francisco. " March H-Ger
etmr Ammon. for San Francisco. -
MADEIRA— Passed Feb 29— Ger stmr Kam
byse* from Hamburr. for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived March 4— Ger stmr
Tants. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
NEWr^STLE. Aus— Sailed Feb 2— Schr Ma
rila for* Honolulu. - Feb 7— Bktn Encore. • for
Lahatns. Feb *— Bktn Omepa. for Lahalna.
Keb 1J— Br bark Invenrarry. for San Francisco.
March 15-^Fr bark Francois, for, San Fran
cisco. March IS— Ship Abner Coburn. for Hono-
IU i"trTCHINOTZU— Sailed March S-^Br stmr St
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March lS~Stmr Alll
vr.ra, from Colon.
EASTERN PORT.
HILO— Sailed March 12— Etmr American, for
tier/ York.
KAHL'LUI- Sailed March »— Schr Compeer,
for pueet Sound; barfc Edward May, for San
Frnnclsco.
"WAIMEA— Sailed March . Br ieallng
echrs UorealU «nd Dora Steward, for sealing
iruiee.
ISLAND PORTS.
COLON, March IS— A heavy norther caused
all ¦vessels in port to put to sea and caused
a few small wrecks.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 19, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LOS ANGELES- Arrived March 19—
Stmr San Mateo, from Kanalmo.
POINT LOBOS— Passed March 19, 6 o m—
Etmr Mineola, from Port Los Angeles, for
Nanalmo.
ASTORIA— Sailed March 19— Stmr Columbia,
for San Kranciseo; Ger »hlp Peter Rickmers.
for Queenstown; Ger ship Marie Hackfeld, for
Queenstown; Br ship Ben Dearg, for Queens
town; stmr Alliance, for San Francisco; bktn
Chehalis. for Fremantle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 18— Schr Comet,
from Bailard; Bchr Azalea, from Wlllapa Har
bor.
Bailed March 19— Schr Vega, for Grays Har
bor.
SEATTLE— Arrived March IS— Stmr Oregon,
from Valdez. March 19— Stmr Czarina, hence
March 15.
Sailed March 1$-Stmr Humboldt, for Skag
uay.
Arrived March 13— Stmr City of Seattle, from
Dyea.
NEAH BAT— Passed In March 19— Nor stmr
Tellus. hence March 16. for Chemalnus; stmr
Hyades. hence March 16. for Seattle; bktn En
deavor, from Callao, for Puget Sound; schr
Premier, hence March 9. for New Whatcom;
Ger ship Margretha. from Santos.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 19— Schr
Wawona, for Honolulu; schr Nokomis, for
Santa Rosalia; schr Lizzie Vance, for Pan
Francisco; stmr Newburg, for San Francisco;
schr Roy Somers, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed March IS— Br ship Sierra
Miranda, for Queenstown. March 10— Br bark
Zlnita, for Quetnstown. March It— Stmr Olym
pia, for Honckong.
EUREKA— Arrived March 19— Stmr Homer.
bence March 17.
Arrived March IS — Stmr Homer, hence
March IS.
Sailed March 19— Stmr Nome City, for San
Francisco; stmr Eureka, for San Francisco,
i PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 19— Schr
¦ Xlonoipu, from Kahulul.
MISCELLANEOUS
Br ship Duchalburn. Forbes, Queenstown.
Tub Samson, Lelghton, Astoria, with barsc
Washoural Jn tow.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Marshall, Labasha
Bay.
Ship Paehlng Wave, Lancaster. Tacoma.
8chr Mary Etta. Nyman, Bowens Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel. Bihlers Point.
S.hr Ocean Spray. Olsen, Iversens Landing.
Stmr Samoa, Hlgglns, .
Whaling stmr Jeanette, Newth. Coos Bay.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr tieo \V Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Crescent City. Payne. Crescent City.
Stmr Lakme. Schace. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
BAILED.
Tuesday, March 19.
Br etmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Chemalnus; II
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Br stmr.Pak Line. Warrall. Manila; U S
Government.
Whaling stmr Jeanette, Xewth. whaling
cruise; Roth. Blum &. Co.
Ship Berlin. GUleeDie, Cooks Inlet; G E
Pluminer.
CLEARED.
Tuesdar. March 19.
Ftmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins A- Co.
Stmr Queen. Thomas. San Diego; Goodall.
Tuesday, March 19.
Strar Xavarro. Hansen. 15 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr "Whitesboro. Olsen, 60 hours from San
Pedro.
8tmr JCoyo. Harden, 14 hours from Fort
Brass.
fc?tmr Sequoia, Winkle, SO hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 79 hours from
Seattle.
ehtp Bohemia. Whalman, 12 days from Oys-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Th= British ships Dalblalr and Buteshl:-e
have been chartered to lead wheat at Portland
for Europe at 41s 3d, prior to arrival; the
Drummuir, lumber on Pu*et Bound for Sydney.
£2s ftil. with the usual options, prior to arrival;
the Beaicla, merchandise for Honolulu.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
however, and Eschen whipped up his
horse and followed. He broke the whip
into small pieces over the robber, but the
latter doubled Into some lumber piles near
Fremont-strret whjrf and managed to es
cape. The police are en his track, as he
is a well-known thief.
Dupleix Overdue From Newcastle and
Underwriters Are Anxious.
The French bark Dupleix Is now out 103
days from Newcastle. Aus.. and yesterday
the underwriters offered 20 per cent to re
insure hull and cargo. No storms have
been reported, but the Star of Bengal,
which arrived at Honolulu on March 6,
had her coal cargo heated, and 170 tons
of the black diamonds had to be jetti
soned.
The ship Duchalburn sailed from Xew
castle November 9 last, the Drunmuir on
December 18. the Hougomont on Decem
ber 28. the Star of Bengal on January 6
and the Marguerite Dollfus from Mel
bourne. Aus., on January 18. while the
Dupleix sailed on December 6, 1&00. The
Duchalburn made the run to San Francis
co In sixty-seven days, the Drunmutr in
ninety-one, the Hougomont In seventy
four, the Star of Bengal to Honolulu in
fifty-nine and the Dollfus from Melbourne
to San Francisco In forty-seven days. All
these vessels report variable winds, but
only one. the Duchalburn, encountered
any heavy weather.
In sympathy with the Dupleix. the rate
on the John McDonald took another jump
yesterday. She also has a coal cargo, and
the rate Is now 55 per cent, while the
Khorasan. out 223 days from Tampa for
Yokohama, has gone from SO to 40 per
cent * -
Tries to "Loot the W. H. Macey.
A bold Eneak thief went aboard the ship
W. II. Macey, lyingf at Main - street
wharf, yesterday, and -was proceeding to
loot the cabin when he was discovered.
lie managed to get on deck and rushed
down the gangway, with a cry of "stop
th!ef following him. Captain Eschen of
Kschen & Minor was sitting in his buggv
clcse to the gangway and tried to knock
the robber down with the butt end of
his whip. The man rot away on the run.
ALL, the shipowners along the coast
are getting ready for the sum
mer rush of gold hunters to the
Arctic. Steamships will be run
direct from every port on the
roa$t between St. Michael and Cape Tork,
and there will be another rush to be first
[n the same as there was last year. Seat
tie has chartered a great number of ves
sels In San Francisco, and there Is great
rivalry to have the first steamship to ar
rive at Nome hail from Puset Sound. -'« ¦.¦:
Amonsr the first vessels to get awray
from here will be the Pacific Steam
Whaling Compsny's Jeanle and Thrasher.
Both steamships will leave on April 22
r^nd should reach Nome about May 23.
Wry few, if cnv, vessels outside of the
whalins fleet will venture into rtie ice as
rarly as this. Both the Jeanie and Thrash
t t c&s po where an ordinary steel or iron
\fSF*-l dare not venture. Both of them
are shcatiTc-d and strengthened, ¦while a
steel shoe is provided for "buckine the
he."
The first vessel to arrive at Nome last
year was the steam whaler Alexander,
and five hours after her the Jeanie cast
anchor. Tl.is was on May 23, 1H00. and
three days later the Thrasher arived.
1'rartiraliy all the accommodation on the
J«ar.le hus been taken and there are
f nough applications on hand to fill the
Thrasher twice over. The Thrasher goes
on the drydock to-day to be overhauled
and fitted out. and the Jeanie will be sim
ilarly treated when she gets back from
the north.
Kesides these vessels the whaling com
pany will send out the Valencia on May
24. the Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will send the Senator and several others,
the Alaska Commercial Company will
rend the St. Paul. Portland and Bertha,
the Kimball Steamship Company will send
at least four modern vessels, Charles Nel
pcn will send the Centennial. Charles Nel
son. Ruth and several others, while three
or four of the Mall Company's boats have
been chartered to outside parties for the
run north. Next month will see the be
ginning of another rush to the frozen
FEARS FOB. A EBEXCH BASE.
STEAMSHIPS JEANIE AND THRASHER. WHICH WILL BE THE PIONEERS OF THE NOME FLEET THIS YEAR.
THEY WERE THE FIRST TO REACH THE GOLD FIELDS LAST SEASON AND EXPECT TO REPEAT THE
PERFORMANCE THIS TEAR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20, 1901.
7
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Steamer.
From
Acme Tillamook Bay Mar. 20
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 20
Argo CoqulUe River Mar. 20
Luella San Pedro Mar. 20
Nome City. Humboldt Mar. 20
Mackinaw Feattle Mar. 20
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 2)
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 2-)
Corona Newport Mar. 20
Victoria Oy*ter Harbor Mar. 2)
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro Mar. 21
Coronado San Pedro Mar. 21
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 21
Fanta Rosa San Diego .'.. Mar. 21
Arab Tucoma Mar. 22
Acarulco Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 22
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 22
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 22
Belgian King.. Japan via San Diego. .. Mar. 23
Alliance Portland .1- Coos Bay.. Mar. 23
Gaelic China and Japan Mar. 21
State of Cal.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Mar. 23
Bonlta Ban Diego Mar. 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 24
Prosreso.. ...... Tacoma Mar. 24.
Queen San Diego Mar. 21
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 23
Roanoke New York via Panama Mar. 25
North Fork Flumboldt Mar. 26
O. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 2«
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 20
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 20.
Xorth Fork.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What, u pm Pier 2
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Queen Ban Diego 9 am Pier 11
Nome City... Red'ndo &San Dleg 4 pm Pier 2
.March 21;
Argo Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
W. Kruser... Tlllamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Australia Tahiti direct 2 pm Pier 7
.Mnri'li 22.
Mandalay — Cofluille River 10 am Pier 2
Acme Tlllamook Bay Pier 13
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.W. 2
C. Nelson Seattle via Eureka. S pm Pier 2i
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2-
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier U
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
March 23. 1
City Peking . china and Japan.. 1 pmiPMSS
Ariryll n. T. via Panama. 2 pmJS.W. 1
Point Arena., point Arena 2 pnv Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
.March 24.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newburg Grays Harbor Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San DIe&o 9 am Pier 11
March 25.
Alliance Ptld and Coos Bay S pm Pier 16
March 20.
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Sun rises 6:14
Sun sets ..6:21
Moon sets (full) 0:00 p. m.
Time) Tim? Time Tlmol
Date ! Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W K W L W - II W
20 ... 5:C0 0.5 11:29 6.6 5:!8 0.7 11:41 B.j
21... 6:S0 0.1 12:24 5.5 6:00 1.1...;
H \V L, W H W L. \V
22... 0:21 6.0 6:36-0.1 1:20 5.2 6:4! l.»
23... 1:00 6.0 7:30 -0.2 2:20 4.9 7:26 2.(
24... 1:45 6.0 8:26 —0.2 S:23 4.7 R:16 2.1
23 ... 2:34) 5.8 9:30—0.2 4:36 4.5 9:1S 2$
28... 3:29| 5.6 W:40 0.0 6:49 4.5 10:40| 3.1
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Steamer.
From
Acme Tillamook Bay Mar. 20
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 20
Argo CoqulUe River Mar. 20
Luella San Pedro Mar. 20
Nome City. Humboldt Mar. 20
Mackinaw Feattle Mar. 20
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 2)
Willamette Oyster Harbor Mar. 2-)
Corona Newport Mar. 20
Victoria Oy*ter Harbor Mar. 2)
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro Mar. 21
Coronado San Pedro Mar. 21
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. 21
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 21
Fanta Rosa San Diego .'.. Mar. 21
Arab Tucoma Mar. 22
Acarulco Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 22
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 22
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 22
Belgian King.. Japan via San Diego. .. Mar. 23
Alliance Portland .1- Coos Bay.. Mar. 23
Gaelic China and Japan Mar. 21
State of Cal.... Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Mar. 23
Bonlta Ban Diego Mar. 24
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 24
Prosreso.. ...... Tacoma Mar. 24.
Queen San Diego Mar. 21
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 23
Roanoke New York via Panama Mar. 25
North Fork Flumboldt Mar. 26
O. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 2«
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 20
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March 20.
Xorth Fork.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What, u pm Pier 2
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Queen Ban Diego 9 am Pier 11
Nome City... Red'ndo &San Dleg 4 pm Pier 2
.March 21;
Argo Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
W. Kruser... Tlllamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Australia Tahiti direct 2 pm Pier 7
.Mnri'li 22.
Mandalay — Cofluille River 10 am Pier 2
Acme Tlllamook Bay Pier 13
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.W. 2
C. Nelson Seattle via Eureka. S pm Pier 2i
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2-
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier U
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
March 23. 1
City Peking . china and Japan.. 1 pmiPMSS
Ariryll n. T. via Panama. 2 pmJS.W. 1
Point Arena., point Arena 2 pnv Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
.March 24.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newburg Grays Harbor Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San DIe&o 9 am Pier 11
March 25.
Alliance Ptld and Coos Bay S pm Pier 16
March 20.
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Sun rises 6:14
Sun sets ..6:21
Moon sets (full) 0:00 p. m.
Time) Tim? Time Tlmol
Date ! Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W K W L W - II W
20 ... 5:C0 0.5 11:29 6.6 5:!8 0.7 11:41 B.j
21... 6:S0 0.1 12:24 5.5 6:00 1.1...;
H \V L, W H W L. \V
22... 0:21 6.0 6:36-0.1 1:20 5.2 6:4! l.»
23... 1:00 6.0 7:30 -0.2 2:20 4.9 7:26 2.(
24... 1:45 6.0 8:26 —0.2 S:23 4.7 R:16 2.1
23 ... 2:34) 5.8 9:30—0.2 4:36 4.5 9:1S 2$
28... 3:29| 5.6 W:40 0.0 6:49 4.5 10:40| 3.1
AarpsErgsi?T8.
C0L0M1BASS
LAST 5 NIGHTS -MATINEE SATURDAY.
DE KOVEN* & SMITH'S OPERA.
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
Together With the World's Greatest Dancer,
LA LOIE FULLER,
¦ In ths "Archangel" and "Tempest."
Friday Night-SOUVENIR EVENT.
Autograph Photo and Floral Souvenir.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY,
First Time In This City,
CHARLES FROHMAN Will Present the Suc-
cess of the Century,
tbb LITTLE MINISTER
By J. M. BARRIE.
Founded on His Novel of the Same Name.
SEATS READY TO-MORROW.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.), March 20.
Tanjuet. 25c, and seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved-
'NEVER BETTER."
SMITH & CAMPBELL: TECHOW'S CATS:
COAKLEY & HUSTED; AMIEL: BUNTII
& RUDD CO.; 'MR. and MRS. MARK
. MURPHY: BEATRICE HORELAND <*
CO.; t.ES MASCAGNO.
PAPBNTA.
BElASCOAvoTHAirSjfegfjg.
*^ flWStt CITY IUU
Phcne South £53.
To-niirht and every evening this week.
', Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Dion Boucicault's Great Irish Drama,
COLLEEN BAWN,
A PICTURESQUE SCENIC PRODUCTION.
SEE THE GREAT CAVE SCENE.
DDir*i.C Evenings.... lOc. 13c. HT,c. SOc,
rflltEJ Matinees.... .....10c. 15c. 23d
NEXT WEEK— Mammoth Production of 1
_j UNCLE TOM'S CABIXt
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRAL J1EATER.
TiiUR 3DAY N ICHT. March 21, 1901
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOW3
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR UVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OP THE • 1
S;S.RIO D^JANEIRO
Given Under the Auspices of the
MAP.INE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL ASSO-
CIATION N&IS.
Tickets - - One Dollar.
*T I VO L J *
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE? SATURDAY
AT J.
1| "EVERY ONE MARVELS" |[
At the Brilliant Production
WEDDING
DAY!"
BOOK BY STANISLAUS STANCE.
"MUSIC BY JULIAN EDWARDS.
POPULAR PRICES J....i...23c and SOc
.Telephone— Bush 9.
t%5F H EAT R E ?A \
....WILL MAKE YOU SMILE....
TTI-NinHT AND BALANCE
The Fnnaiest Fares oa Earth,
The Proper Caper
From the Madison Square Theater. New " York
City.
PRICES-loc. 25c. 3oc. 60c.
MATINEES SATURDAY, AND SUNDAY.
Next We9k-T00~MUCH JOHNSON.
SHEB-YiAN, CLAY "& CO.'S HALL.
FRIDAY NIGHT. March 22. at 8:15.
i FAREWELL POPULAR RECITAL!
POPULAR PRICE-»i. NO HIGHER! Re-
' served seats on sale at Sherman, Clay, & Co.* a.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
- - SEASON GRAND OPERA.
SEI/BRIGH OPERA COMPANY.
Under the direction of C. L. Graff.
Owlns to a slight cold Madam* Sembrlch ia
unable to appear this evening, and th«
performance of
"L.A TRAVI«TA"
Will instead be given on Monday «ven!n*\
March 25th.
Tickets May -CJe Exchanged at the Box-OfSca.
Madame Sembrlch will, however, positively
appear on Saturday afternoon, March 23. when
Dontzettrs "DON PASQUALE"
Will be Etven with
. MADAME SEMBRICH A3 NORIMA.
MM. D» Lara. Bensaude. Rossi. Galazzi.
• GRAND ORCHESTRA AND CHORUS.
Conductor. Slgnor Bevlgnanl.
Repertoire Second and last Week: Bal«
opens to-morrow (Thursday) mornln*.
The evening performances will b* »riven on
Monday and Wednesday. Instead of Tuesday
and Thursday, as previously announced.
Monday Evenlnr, March 25th. Only Per-
formance of Verdi* ¦ "LA TRAVIATA."
MADAME SEMBRICH AS VIOLETTA.
Wednesday evening. March 27th. Last Evening
Performance, Donizetti's "LUCIA."
MADAME SEMBRICH AS LUCIA DI LAM-
MERMOOR.
(Last) Matinee Saturday. March JOth. to be
announced. Scale of prices. Jl SO, tt. S3. to.
Gallery (unreserved). SI. General Admission.
J2. Seats now on sale at box office.
PHONE SOUTH 770
EVERT EVEXIXG— MATINEE SATURDAY
" AND SUNDAY.
The Mammoth and Master Melodramatic
Production of tho World!
l-l-l-T--r.-*[^ l l THE PIG NEW YORK
J_-.| — * *~* ¦ SENSATION.
JLHSTGrEI-j
. r%
THE GREATEST SUCCESS
Ever achieved by a new company In a new play.
FIRST TIME IN THIS CITY!
THIS WEEK— FAREWELL!
JUST THINK OF IT !!
SATURDAY NIGHT— LAST TIME!
BRIGHT, PRETTY. I IS
CH \RMli\G, CLEVER I THE
TELEPHONE
08 RL! H:LL0 ' UAIH l731 !
•TM TOUR BOSS— YES."
EVENING 23c. 15c. 8oc. TZe. 11.00
MATINEE ~ 25c. *«C. 73o
RACES_ T ffi' 1N
THfc SAN FRAN3ISC0 JOCKEY CLU3.
Week March U to 23. six high-class races
each day.
First race dally at 2:10 p. m. Trains from
Third and Townsend, 7. 10:40. 11:39 a. m.. 12:40.
1. 1:30, 3 p.m. Returning, leave track 4:13 and
thereafter at thort intervals. Rear cars re-
served for ladies.
Week of March 25, SEVERAL BIO EVENTS
ADMISSION*. INCLUDIXQ B. B. FARE. fLO.
MILTOJJ S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER. Racing Sccr«t*ry.
CHUTES AND_Z00
LEAH MAY,
The Tallest Woman In ths World.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS.
In their latest novelty— SACKS OF FUN.
Telephone for seats. Park a.
r»Hjpuc<p»C CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOtn£in O AdmlMton 10c.
The Flechtls. Sam Holdworth. Olive Vail. UI-
llan Jeanette. Chas. W. Cc^lll. Trtxeda. B. A.
Bentley. Chester, and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra. Re-
served Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
gwfa CHICHCSJTCffS CNGUSM
fEHMYROyALPiLLS
ii _/T»"~v OritiatX and Only Oeaalae.
% «C Kii *>r CHICIIE-STKH'^ ENGJULSU
fr iA 4i*S'id??*\ 1" UED "n't ««U m«t*aie box... «r*U4
>x -^Tfefi -ith b;u« rtbboo. Take us other. R«ra*«
Vn 9>*> >iJ J>«t»e«roo« Mub.Ut.Uo*. and Imit—
I / fK tlonm. B«7 »t jamt Dnatn. >r Mmd 4«. la
I W ' fjf stamp* tor Parttealmn, Tsatlnaatal*
\W £5 —d f*n«IUf for L«4I— .»*» Utfr.fcy r».
_A. - P torn Mail. 10.fluot«Ua»»IHi. S.ilbj
M«agcatliUp«p«r. Mali— gqwn, PHIUU »£ .
*aAA^rt^V-t^>^A»VVV*t^^wVWVVVVwV*4<
I ' r&i m £¦ j!? I ¦ ft m I ft 1 BJ*W | ' i
t'*![!yQ-&Sp INJECTION. I
1 A PERMANENT CURE ;!
g of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea « '
J? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 < ,
r days ; nc other treatment required. j i
5 Sold by ail druggists. ¦ . J i
- »i/VVVW>AA/>/ r «/WVVVVVVVWVVVVVWW > 4'
¥ JPATEWTSf J)
market 'sr5VSB5r
Weak Men and Women
SHOUL1> USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and,
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 123 Market.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
|DR. P1ERGE!S ELEGTBIG BELT|
• America About ol Use World In Electrical Inren- ' ¦
? tlons! Kveryborty knows thill Our new I'.ody-;
* nstterr, (V. S. Fs,teiit> is strictly, an American,
' inrflunoa-ril A l»«lt cr llio Cenmrv. It Minis a ,
' powerful, reversible current throsgli »>•« uuman .
! Dody from UrHtl to lorn, curinir ("I'-ronii- and.
. Nervoa* Pia^ose* an>t \V«Uin»?» of Male or female.
. as if by ."Masrn:. So positife ore -we that no other •
. fw.lt Li thr eq;i»l of " L»r. 1'ierWK." that we will Fend •
• It o\ AI'I*1{(>»'AI. tor «-oni]iariscn with any belt "
• now sold in America. " btt.r.3 is KelleTlng." ( J
'. NOTE.— We never nend he'.ts " On Tr'al," there- ¦
. fore in ordering "Dr. Tierce's" no risk is run of' i
• contracting M.in iiluu«- or otlwr liimrUernhj 1
¦nstnt; an api>lb»!\Ofl i»rt!»I»nnlr vrnrn br other' 1
» per«!m«» ('nil. or send a 2c. rtamp for nevr "Rcwklet '
'Ko.2. 1 ' Artdrew: PIEItCK KLKflTRIC VO., \
\ 1145 Rro^Jtivar, (nnar 24t'n St.) N«;w York, . 1
¦ Or <»"$<» Market Mtreet, S;»n l'rancl«co. • '
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP"8 PILL3
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively . cure the
worst cases in old and younsr
arising from effects of setf-
nbnsi-, dissipation, excesses or
rkarctte-smnklnK. Cure Lost
Manhood, - Impotency, Lost
Power, Nlcht Losses.. Insom-
nia, Polns in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltnees to Mar-
ry. I>oss of Semen, /mm Verlcocele or Con-
stlpction. Stops N«rTI B 3 rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. EffectfZr^,,^^' a r e immediate.
Impart vigor and*'* 1 ''*. 5 ' potency to every
function. Don't get Oespcndent: a. cure is at
hand. Restore small, - -urxJeveloned organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; iOc a
box: 6 for J2 50 by mail. . A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
40 Kills St., Ban Francisco, Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third st. j '
Avisi* OR JORDAN'S 4reat^
»BiLSEOei OF aRATOyV#
X CjT Tho Largest Anttomical Muieum in tbe \
K ~nj?riL- World. We«J:n«s*i or any cuntracted 4
2. tSfG5 <!ii««e pe>E»»l»i»ty curoa by the oldest Y
0 4% ft m " *CmWU*"P8! HATE DISEASES
X U^S^jJiJ Co.K-aitstlcn fr?o *nd stri> t!y private. \
A M fL'^r M '•*" "I'leni prrsonnlly nr by letter. A B
\ n IJ^nft fv ' t '"' Cure in e»cry aiiounilarlalf-n. \
&W- H \\re- "''••'«' book. raiLOJiOPavvt'iA
W ¦ |J !}'» :£Annuuii, mailsd ensn. *aw
V DO. JOltdAIV A 4. 1 ©., 105t Market St.B. F. f
nil Ifir* These hotels pos-
| J^L|^^j|2 sess the ¦ attributes
, that tourists and
Qjln travelers appreciate
OIIU —central location,
f*P A h\ 0 liberal ma nag e-
UllniiU meht, modem ap-
UnTEi C pointments a h d
San franO'SCQ. ropean plans.-
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
< For; tho. Cur; of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
6tr!:tures and nnaloAouscomolaints
of ths Orjious of Generation.
- Price ¦ {1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
N EW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNT AND WASHINGTON ' STS.— ItE-
mcdeled and innovated. KING. -WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, EOc to il ."0 day
$5 to }8 week; Vi to (20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates in ever)
room: elevator runs all nlcht.
i ! ! '¦ ~ '. ' '. T
' fl A rr n f\\I A I Corner Fourth anc
I ALL U I IV It I -Market; S. F. Trj
l.liPr Till I 111 our Special Brew
'.¦¦¦".¦.¦.. ¦ . . valises checked tret
DIREiTOM
1 OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Listi Mall3J
on Application.
COAL, COKE AM> PIQ IR )X.
I C ttll iV- Ci\ 9<W Battery Street.
J y niLjUiVU VU:.;. Telephone Main 1361
COPPERSMITH. '
r UT C CM1TH , Phlp Plumbing. Steamboat an.
v- TT'.wflllllli ship "Work a specialty. 18 am
18 Washington st.' Telephone Main 5641.. "
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AC RilV£C * T^J,EhlppinB ; Butchers.' 10
JA2« DUIC5& tJ- Clay: Tel. Main l»4.
\' ¦"¦'¦'• -.-i' ¦:.,•"'•;-' oils: , " ¦;¦*; ¦ ':s.j.y
'LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLI3
j •; .,418 -Front St.. S. F.; Phone Main. 1719.
j " fKlNTlNO.
j 'C- C- , HUOHcS. sil Sansome st..' 8. 3 P
i PRINTERS. i BOCKBlNDEfti.
! THE ' HICKS-JUDD CO..
1 •¦-¦ ¦; :-• ¦-.-. .:, 23 - First : street, ¦ San ¦ Franclscc
t __ : :^ : ; —
•{¦' STATIONER AND; PRINTER
1 S06 Cailfornta' PADTRinfiF Tele B Vaphlo
Street. lAttllliyUC Codes.
The or.ly certain cure for Constipa-
tion. It acts without a gripe, while
you sleep. One dose does the work.
A xoo-Pajt Book cf Storfw ana PH^^jr
Areeiotes.of Abraham Lincoln free *^S^3L
wi-Ii every aj-cent packa?e.
All DRUGGISTS. rUcs 1 **^
Those dizzy headaches are very an-
noying. Don't you know what
causes them ? The most common
of all diseases — Constipation. Your
system is clogged and needs cleans-
ing. The best remedy is
. ADVEBTISEMENTS. .,-¦-. -,_-^-,. -,
MAKESWOME^STRONG I
P 1 *"" 1 '^^' //H My wife was sick for three years. V,> tried everrthin ? wtthout relieJ^aad e^nt much j£A
F^ /%&/ Y II money. Last winter I read one of your almanacs. My wife tried tho Wine »of Cardui and «$f
i> (r-^T ' m four bottles cured her. She attended to all her household dutie3 and loaded and unload- IK3
3. ijTrl n ed hay This medicine gave her strength. Formerly she was weat and could hardly get %~-l\
VPililBBtlJ K JwJ 13 about but since she has been taking Wine of Cardui she feels stronger than whon she was C*a
m I IBIS MM H 2° vears ot a & e ' l would wo had heard °* Wine Of Cardui T Ac v oWiwe rrPVUA^n
dSi ifjiH Ifoill'tin fSi years ago. •-*:;• JOSEPH ALOIS LXabitliAr liu. Er3f
1 il I mnEiiiii m No woman cvcr cn Winc of teri™ and not becn b«Kfi*«k Wl
ill! fflnrftmlil M Eiscnhafcr had tried cver>'thin5 during her three years' sickness and had spent Jar
IIH yCTil'fPf H coruiderable money. She was weak and could hardly get about for three years P||
1/ TtIhS brfOre ' he WNEo^CAMDUI i
Now after taking the Wine she can work with her husband in the hay field. That ' j|9
fyW^^V^^" .J-^llPli '* nar< * wor^» u * '* is not as injurious to a woman's health as labor in stores, fac- i|s|
torics and offices where thousands of girls are closely confined year after year. te|l
vVith the aid of Wine of Cardui a woman can do any reasonable work and enjoy |w
n£§ good health. The health that Wine of Cardui brings makes a woman vigorous in body and mind. fcj|l
H| Freed from those terrible devastating pains a woman grows well and strong naturally. Wine of Cardui l||
PS regulates the <fljordered menstruation and cures leucorrhaa, falling of the womb and periodical pains in |||
fill the head and back caused by standing or sitting a long time in the same position. Thsdford's Black- Egg
Hf Draught puts the bowels, stomach, liver, kidneys and blcod in proper shape. Greatly increased strength |||
j|f and endurance is the natural result. Most cases are cured quickly. All druggists sell $1.00 bottles of _u
\||| Wine of Cardui and 25 cent packages of Thedford's Black- Draught jp||
HH For advice and literature address, giving symptoms, " The Ladies' Advisory Kg
km , Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Caattanooga, Tenn. »?|
'/iBffijL McBurney's I
fit WftilHIBsf I
! peri IJrus Oo. 1
1 OF tiAN FKANCI'.CO SAYS t ,4
I McElIaNEY'S KIDNEY AND BLADDER I
9 CURE ONE BOTILE CUR S U
1 Now bclne so extensively advertised m
I la thu very best seller that we have, : Fa
1 -ind after once using no other rem- H
I edy will~you allow a druggist to sell H
I ¦'•¦ >< We recommend It as a strictly H
a Pure Vegetable. Compound, and It U
I has given' more satisfaction. to our H
i patrons than any -other remedy t
I, that we sell.- m
1 A trial will -convince the most ra
I skeptical that one dose relieves and H
3 ONE BOTTLE CURES. V.:- U
1 PERI DRUG CO.. K
U 131 Seventh St.. San Francisco. H
a McBurney'e Kidney and Bladder Cure H
9 is a certain and thorough cure for pains Eg
3 in = the ¦ small ot the back,, stone in. the ||
8 bladder, :,i Briehi's disease, • female trou- M
•J Mes,"incontin«-r,ce of, urines brick rtust K]
T deposit. 1 - bed-wtttlng of children, gravel. H
¦I gall Btcncs, thick, turbid, frothy urine, B
ii dj-opsy,- diabetes; rheumatism. . . H
1 , .Don't, let 'the druffKist substitute any H
S remedy for' McBurney' «. but insist upon §9
jt McBurney's. ONE BOTTLE CURES. . El
3 . Thousands Indorse It." Write for testl- H
8 nionlals.- Prlc« $1 SO. All druggists. W. . H
A F.- McBurney. Sole Mfr., 4tS S. ; Spring, Kj
Jl Lcs ¦ Angeles.- -,. ,- •: . kj
j AH of - McBurney's remedies . are for H
5 sale t by the • No * Percentage Drug * Co.,'C CM
I? 949 Market- St.. -south; side. .- . •; HLOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Marra Vi.— To-day' « speculation
in stocks continue to show great animation
uid aiiitioijsl breadth. The leader* operated
in crest confidence, owing to yesterdays dem
rn£!rat!on cf the eagerness of the outside
worSd »¦> participate. Tlie jxvj1« made up cf
r>r<»r«*eional traders therefore had little diffi
culty in attracting :ur effective fotlowlnj In
any. stock in which iV.'.y chose to operate by
Actively bidding up prices as an incitement.
The ppecatatire pco's xnerer also actively eti
r-rr-A In tcklnx ptcflt* nil da>-.~ pklllfully
choosing the moment viille they were dev»lop
iii« new point* of strength to Fell stocks In
which the odvsnce had already bee-n achieved.
• Mher «iiller In the <lav or on ome. previous
6c;.". Tlii» prot-fTM r.:ui!i Irregularity In
Nezv York Stock Market
EASTERN MARKETS. j
• *
The temperature has risen sliehtly In all
Clstricts except the Sacramento \ alley, where
there has been a slight fall.
Condition* are favorable for fair weather
nver the southern portion of California and
cloudy over the northern, probably with show
ers on the extreme northwest coast Tuesday.
Forecast made at Ran Francisco for thirty
hours endln* midnight. March 20. 1301:
Northern California— Fair in south portion,
cloudy in north portion, with showers on the
?•jrtreme northwest coast Wednesday; light
fouthweft wind.
Southern California— Fslr Wednesday; light
northwest wind.
Net-ada— Cloudy Wednesday.
I"t»h — Fair, warmer Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Weflnei
<i*y: freth southwest wind: cooler.
O. H. WILLSON.
I»caJ Kwrecart Offlelal. temporarily in charre.
Generally cloufiy weather prevails over the
r.orthern portion of the Pacific slope and fair
rv*r the southern. The weather is somewhat
threatening along the immediate coast north
of Cape Mendoclno.
The pressure hes fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific Flop* and risen over
Arizona, Southern Nevada and Southeastern
California.
FORECAST,
5?»n Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
SVj minimum. 50; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
BAN FRANCISCO. March 1>— 5 p. m.
The following ar« the seasonal rainfalls to
flate, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hour*:
Weather Report.
"In rrunee. ¦which occupy the chief Interest,
• moderate Jobbing business is doing. The
rli»s moM in request and in limited supply—
tO-60» and tW-TOs— f how a eteady tone with son;e
tendency toward firmness. Sales, however, of
i-'-f'f ere noted at EttO In a Email way, al
though some holders continue to quote 5%c In
(fl-~t.s business is noted in Jobbing quantities at
from Sc to BHfC. according to holder and descrip
tion of fruit. No trade of consequence is noted
In T<*-S0s or 80-$0e. and the movement In 90-IOQb
Is generally trifling in character. From ad
vices received by wire from the coast to-day
the impression prevails that notwithstanding
ti.e purchase of the outside holdings by the
¦fFociation that organization will carry
over into next season from 21.00 to 2700 car
leads of prunes. This view is based on the
prospective light consuming season between
now and the next harvest, and the belief that
a eufficieiu quantity of etock to supply a great
portion of the demand during that period Is
etlll available In distributing channels.
"In raisins the market remains somewhat dull
•nd easy. The light consuming demand has
had a tendency toward weakening the views of
fome holders. On 2-crown loose lt Is stated
business is possible at B^c. Some business
«'u reported down ts lew as 6c. but we were
unahle to confirm lt. A few holders are ask
inir 6»4c •on standard goods. A little business
In S-crown Is reported at 6c. Mall orders gen
erally s re llcht and local Jobbers appear to be
buying largely from hand to mouth. A moder
ate trade is noted In 6eeded with quotations
unchanged. In other descriptions of California
and imported raisins the market shows no un
usual or active features. In currants the spot
market lacks animation and we hear of no Im
portant movement in any description.
"Apricots continue quiet. Peaches ehow
a little movement, generally on the cheaper
jrrades for bakers' supplies. In dates a little
ruslness Is reported for Interior Bhipment at
about the quoted range. Figs are moving
slowly and except on the very fancy grades
prices ehow some easiness. In nuts a fair
business 1* reported In Jordan shelled almonds
within the quoted range. Walnuts are also
•ell ing, chiefly in email lota, at about quota
tions."
I-Atwt mail reports from New Tcrk say
•¦Orchards and vineyards continue !rt good
condition and have not yet been Injured by
froFtf. Nearly all varieties of deciduous fruits
are in full bliwm in the central and northern
portions and advancing rapidly in the fouth.
the exception of apricots, which are said
to be F|>otte<1 and have commenced dropping
!n Km» localities, all deciduous fruits are re
ported in gcod condition and give indications of
a heavy y!el<3. Vineyards are thrifty and the
vines have commenced sprouting."
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
"Grain and grass have made rapid growth
during the «e»k and are In excellent condition.
Oraln hu commenced heading In some sections.
There Is a large acreage of wheat and barley
in all part* of the gtate and at present the pros
jrfrt ie good for heavy crops. Alfalfa and pas
turage are in good condition. Considerable pro
press has \r-t:\ made In cultivating: and prun
ing orchards and vineyards and in tome sec
tions farmers have commenced summer fallow
ing. Irrigation water lspltntlful and Is being
usM freely.
"The temperature has been somewhat higher
than during the preceding week and conditions
have been very favorable for all crops. Light
frosts have occurred in some places, but no
caT.sf* has been done. The ehowers at the
clo»e cf last week were beneficial In softening
the upper eoll and refreshing grain, grass and
pasturage. Orchards and vineyards were also
benefited. There uas a heavy fall of snow
In the Sierras at the beginning of the week.
l>ry northerly winds have abeorbed considerable
of the moisture li> the soil and occasional light
rhowers would be beneficial In ail eections.
The report of A. G. McAfile, eectlon director
of the climate and crop service of the Weather
Bureau, for tbe week is as follows:
The Weather and Crops.
th« movement of prices all day. In the last
hour after prices had very generally touched
the top limit at about 2 o'clock the profes
sional traders turned to the bear side of the
market, owing to the heavy realizing selling
that showed all through the list and offered
prices down boldly, taking the market away
from the bulls and uncovering some stop-loss
orders where- speculative activity had been un
duly extended on Insufficient security. The
result was a tumbling of prices that looked
for a, time like demoralization on the part of
the bulls. The reaction from best prices In
the most prominent of the strong stocks ran
up from 1 to 2H and quite a number of stocks
which had not been marked up during the
day fell below last night's level. There was
a momentary rally on covering by the room
shorts, but profit-taking was renewed and
many stocks closed at the low point of the
reaction. The steel utocks were a conspicuous
exception. They held firm at each successive
advance all day and In the closing flurry
mounted buoyantly In face of the active selling
elsewhere. The time fixed for the deposit of
thes>e stocks in assent to the terms of the
steel merger expires to-morrow and to-day's
buoyancy In the stocks gives rise to the sup
position that the plan will promptly be de
clared operative. This supposition was without
official confirmation. There was an excited
Fpeculation in the United States Steel stocks
on the curb. The common 6old up 2»i over
last night and the preferred 3%. but reacted.
On the exchange the preferred eteel stocks
were remarkably buoyant, all of them. rising
from 4'4 to 5%, the last named Tin Plate pre
ferred. In the railroad list Burlington con
tinued the center of attraction • In spite of
emphatic denials from President J. J. Hill of
a purchase or a plan to purchase control. The
upward movement of the stock was interrupted
by frequent reactions on profit-taking and after
rising an extreme 5?i lt closed 2»i lower at
a net advance of SH- Other notable points of
strength were Rock Island, Louisville and
Nashville. Missouri Pacific, the Atchlsons.
Union and Northern Pacific, Baltimore and
Ohio. New York Central and the Southern
railway stocks. Among ..the less prominent
stocks Lake Erie and "Western advanced 6, P.,
C, C. and St. Louis oVi and United States Ex
press €. Delaware and Hudson and Erie sec
ond preferred were strong for a time, but suc
cumbed to the renewed heaviness which de
veloped In the coalers. Some stocks were weak
throughout on profit-taking, notably the New
York public utilities, especially Manhattan,
which loft 4Vi. Great Northern preferred 414
and Chicago and Eastern Illinois 2. A number
of other weak Fpots might be enumerated both
among the railroads and Industrials. . Money
continued apparently abundant and tenders
were not exacting as to collateral.
The railroad bond market was somewhat less
active »nd profit-taking in special Issues made
it very Irregular. Total sales, $5,770,000.
United States 2s (refunding) and the new 4s
advanced H per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E £ a^* * , Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bi d
83,000 Atchison 59^
67,600 Atchlson prefd 941I
11.500 Baltimore & Ohio...' 82^i
1.700 Canadian Pacific 9314
13,600 Canada Southern &>il
10,400 Chesapeake & Ohio 46«
6,100 Chicago Great Western 22*i
171,500 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 165V
4.100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 36V*
I 1,000 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 71^j
1.500 Chicago & Eastern Illinois U4
l.EOO Chicago & Northwestern 17SV4
EL500 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 129
4.109 C C C & St Louis 7714
S.SOO Colorado Southern n
1,200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd.... 45«
2.100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20>4
8.600 Delaware & Hudson 166
100 Delaware Lack & Western..; 196
1,500 Pen ver & Rio Grande 41U
410 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 90»i
K.9,450 Erie 3314
20.100 Erie 1st prefd 67%
4,600 Great Northern prefd 202V4
1.500 Hocking Coal js
2,100 Hocking Valley 5314
3.900 Illinois Central 137
3.100 Iowa Central 31
1,000 Iowa Central prefd 68%
4.100 Lake Erie & Western 50
1,200 Lake Erie & Western prefd 123
Lake Shore ....' 21014
71,100 Louisville & Nashville 99»i
H.S00 Manhattan L :..125
2,100 Metropolitan Street Railway lj66»i
S.600 Mexican Central 21%
1,000 Minneapolis & St Louis 84^4
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
16,500 Missouri Pacific 97U
Mobile & Ohio go»4
11,200 Missouri Kansas & Texas. 24'
26,400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd «59%
New Jersey Central 154
26.400 New York Central 146%
4,400 Norfolk & Western 51%
Norfolk & Western prefd S5V£
79.200 Northern Pacific g77^
6,500 Northern Pacific prefd 8914
.8,100 Ontario & Western 32^4
Oregon Hallway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd....... 76
22,100 Pennsylvania U2%i
S.90P Reading 32*4
12.900 Reading 1st prefd 72%
6.SC0 Reading 2d prefd 44
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd '. 96%
4.SG0 St Louis & San Francisco -. 42%
St Loui.i & San Fran 1st prefd 85H
4.4C0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 68%
1.900 St Louis Southwestern 33
4.2C0 St Louts Southwestern prefd 63
21.S0O St Paul •. 150%
SfPaul prefd lSgu
St Paul & Omaha 126
7LS00 Southern Pacific 45U
1C8.600 Southern Railway 26H
25.000 Southern Railway prefd 80%
12.200 Texas & Pacific 31
S5.300 Union Pacific 9s%
10,750 Union Pacific prefd S5T4
1.600 Wabash l9Vi
S.700 Wabaxh prefd 34%
1,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 15^
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 31H
1.C00 Wisconsin Central 20^
S90 Third Avenue 121
£.ro Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92^
7,©<"iO National Tube 69
4.600 National Tube prefd 103%
Express companies—
Adams 155
' American 194
2.200 United States 71
Wells-Fargo 143
Miscellaneous—
700 American Cotton Oil :'. 26
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
290 American Malting ; 6%
American Malting prefd 27
2.100 American Fmeltlng & Refln 55%
1.600 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 94%
American'Ppirlts ....•».... m
American Spirits prefd 17
5,700 American Steel Hoop 41%
6.200 American Steel Hoop prefd ;. S9%
12.700 American Steel & Wire.... 42%
C.4CO American Pteel & Wire prefd 1C5>4
i.ffm American Tin Plate 6Sv»
3.200 American /Tin Plate prefd 111%
30.KOQ American Tobacco 127}$
10ft American Tobacco prefd nc
l.OfiQ Anaconda Mining Co 4S«
1S.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit,.. 81%
4.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron ,. 49y
6,000 Continental Tobacco 4ci(
7,000 Continental Tobacco prefd , 103 .
14.600 Federal Steel 471'
1,200 Keileral Pte#>I prefd . *9S
L«» General Electric :..214
GIucom Sugar ,, 4714
100 Glucose Sugar prefd .....r So
4W International Paper ....* 22%
2aO International Paper prefd 73*4
2.100 Laclede Gas si
2<» National Biscuit ......; 40%
...."... Nation*! Biscuit prefd 95%
2M National Lead .....:.......; MuC
- 1W National Lead prefd -SS
9.SM National Steel .._ Ljt^
.. CORN— Spot, firm; American; mixed new, 3a
lUfcd; do. old, 4s. Futures, quiet; May, 3s lOUd*
July, 3s 9 7 ,4d; September. 3s 10%d.
-WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California.'' 6s 3'id;
No. 2 red Western winter, 6s; No. 1 Northern
spring, 6s 3d. Futures, quiet; May.' 6s %d;
July, . 6s V4d. - •-•¦•.. :¦¦.-, -• :
LIVERPOOL, March 19.— Wheat, quiet: No.
I standard California, 6s 4d ; . wheat in ' Paris
steady; flour In Paris, steady; French country
markets, quiet and steady.: •
COTTON— Uplands. 4 13-16d.:
CLOSING.
LONDON. March 19.'— Consols, 8654; silver,
28 1-16d; French rentes. lOlf 40c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standatd
California. 29s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla", 29s;
cargoes Oregon, 30s ; English country markets,
firm. riTWini«^mii«nQiiin_niimr»rHijiiiiT_ 1
Foreign Markets.
V WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 19.— No change In the local
wheat market.
TACOMA.; March 19.— No change In the local
wheat market are nominal at SC-!j36'*c for Walla
Walla and 59©60c for Blue Stem.
OREGON,
Northern' Wheat Market.
1 PORTLAND. March 19.— Clearings, $291,333;
balances, {51,611.
Portland's Business.
LONDON. March 19.— The offerings at the
¦wool auction sales : to-day were 12,933 bales.
There was a much better demand from' the
Continent and the home trade was ' a strong
supporter, while occasional purchases by Amer
ica also strengthened the market. Merinos .were
in active demand at full rates. Supercomblng
New South Wales greasy, marked "New Eng
land," sold at llV4d. Fine cro6s-bred3 were in
good request.
London Wool Sales.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices— Comb-
Ing superfine, nominal, 6S07Oc; good, 64@65c;
average. 60063c
Territory, scoured basis— Montana, fine me
dium and fine 14015c, t>coured 42043c, staple
45@46c; Utah. Wyoming and Idaho, fine medium
and fine 12614c. scoured 40@42c. staple 44<g4Sc.
BOSTON, March 19.— The wool market Is
steadier and weak. There !¦ a firmer tone
with a good demand and altogether there Is
a great - Improvement over recent conditions.
Territory wools continue to head the list of
rales, with prices about the same. With good
lines of fine and fine medium the range Is on
the scoured basis of about 40@43c, with strictly
choice lots at 44@45c. Quotations:
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK, ' March 19.— The cotton market
opened steady, with prices unchanged to 2
points higher. The close was steady at a net
decline of 1©7 points.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Spelter was lower and weak, showing a drop
of 2'i points under a sheer absence of buyer?
and closed weak at $3 87<&@3 92%. Lead, dull
and unchanged, at $4 37V4- Copper, firm. $17
for Lake and $16 62 V4 for casting. Plglron war
rants, unchanged.
NEW YORK, March 19.— While there was no
new feature of special significance attached
to the local metal market to-day a generally
weak undertone prevailed and quotations were
more or less in buyers' favor. In tin little
was done in a speculative way with bid prices
about 25 points lower than yesterday's close.
The final tone of the market was quiet at
?25t?25 BO.
Nezv York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.000. Sheep steady to
strong: lambs, steady to slow; good to choice
wethers, $4 60*T5: fair to choice mixed, $4@4 65;
Western sheep. $4 60@5; yearlings, steady.
$4 76Q'5 10; native Iambs, $4 6005 40; Western
lambs, $505 40. . r N
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 19,000; to-morrow,
23,000: left over. 2000. Active, 6c to 10c higher;
top, $5 90; mixed and butchers', $2 65@5 S7H:
good to choice heavy, • $5 S0©5 90; rough heavy,
$5 65@5 75; light, $5 65©5 S2>i; bulk of sales.
?5 7o@5 85.
CHICAGO. March 19.-CATTLE-Rece!pts.
45CO. including 450 Texans; choice steers, strong:
mediums, elow; butchers" stock, strong; Texans.
steady; good ' to .. prime steers, $4 SO© 6; poor to
medium, $3 6004 60: stockers and feeders, $3 65
04 65; cows. . $2 65® 4 35: heifers. $2 6504 65:
canners, $2@3'65; bulls. $2 65@4 25; calves. $4 50
&6; Texas fed steers, $4@5: Texas grass steers,
$3 35^4; Texas bulls. $2 50@3 75.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Corn. United States and Canada, eaat of the
Rockies. Increase 642,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 418,000 bushels.
Wheat, United States and Canada, east . of
Rockies, decrease, 1,773,000. Afloat for and In
Europe, increase 1.000.000 bushels. Total sup
ply decrease 773,000 bushels.
NEW YORK, March 19.— Special telegraphic
and cable communications to Bradstreets show
the following changes since last account: '
LIVERPOOL. J
'Wheat— May. July.
Openlns 6 <* 6%
Closing 6% 6\i
PARIS. *
"Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 18 70 19 80
Closing is 60 19 75
Flour—
Opening 24 00 25 30
Closing 23 95 25 25
Visible Grain Supply.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; creameries. 15@*lc: dairies, 11
©ISc. Cheese, quiet, 10V4®U?ic. Eggs, dull;
fresh. ll%c.
.Articles — . ... Receipts. , Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,000 46,000
Wheat, bushels 181,000 • 86.000
Corn, bushels ..272,000 178.000
Oats, bushels .212.000 333.000
Rye 1 ;. bushels 9,000 2.000
Barley, bushels .i 37,000 7.000
v.Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and steady; No. S spring wheat, 72%c; No. 2
red. 75@77c: No. 2 corn, 40@>40%c; No. 2 yellow,
40@40Uc; No. 2 oats, 25%@26c; No. 2 white, 27^4
@29o: No. 3 white, 27Vi@2SVic: No. .2 rye, 53V&C;
good feeding barley, 45c; fair to choice malting,
E2@57Ho; No. 1 flax seed, $153&; No. 1 North
western, S154H; prime timothy seed, $4 IB; mess
pork, per bbl. $16 10016 15: lard, per 100 lbs.
$7 82^07 85; short-rib sides (loose). $7 50@7 70;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6H@6%c; short
clear sides (boxed), $8@S12%; whisky, basis of
high wines, $127; clover, contract grade, J10 65
610 75. - - -
July 15 25 15 50 15 25 15 40
Lard, per 100 lbs
May 7 80 7 85 7 80 7 82V4
July 7 85 7 87H 7 82V4 7 82^
September 7 90 ,7 92H 7 87^4 . 7 87V4
• Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May :. 7 60 7 65 7 60. 7 62^
September 7 62>>4 ' 7 65 7 60 . 7 60
.Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J—
March 73Vi 75V4 75 75'
April 75% 75?i 73*1 75V*
May... 76V4 76% 76 76',i
Corn No. J— . ¦ • ' :
March .... 40
May 4H4 41H 41*i 41%
July /4Ui 41% 41%>: 41&
Oats No. 2— • , ,
March „.. 24\i 24V4 . 24V4 24\i
May/.." 25>i 25H 25 25^»
Mess Pork, Der bbl—
May 18 00 16 35 16 00 16 2"Vi
Silver and Exchange about as before.
Turpentine and Linseed Oil marked dozen.
Wheat and Wheat freights about the same.
Barley zveak and quiet. Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and Fcedstuffs shozv no change.
Beans shozv zvcaker indications. Seeds neglected.
Potatoes and Onions getting /inner again.
Vegetables coining in heavily.
No further change in Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry in light supply and very firm. Game dull and nominal.
Oranges zveakening under heavier receipts.
Lemons zveak, Limes arm, Apples and Bananas steady.
New Yorkers said to Juivc bought up all the outside Prunes.
Fair jobbing demand for Peaches and Apricots in the East.
Nuts, Honey and Raisins very dull.
Provisions not active, but stiff at the advance.
Small sales of the new clip of Wool.
Hogs very scarce and firm. Mutton and Lamb zveakcr.
Beef and Veal as previously quoted.
Oil stocks continue lively. Local stocks and bonds sell fairly.
Hides dull and lozver. Tallozv also declined.
CHICAGO. March 19,— After holding steady
most of the day, the wheat market toward the
end of to-day's session broke on liquidation
and closed Kic under yesterday.
May wheat ruled fairly active at times, but
generally quiet and narrow. The opening was
Vic higher to He lower at 76%o to 7614c, and
in a few minutes selling by scattered longs
sent the market to 76V4c. The steadiness at
Liverpool in the face of , the decline here yes
terday, together with moderate Northwest re
ceipts, were factors tending to , support prices
and at the decline there was a fair demand
while offerings became light. May gradually
worked up' to. TCftc during the forenoon and
later rallied an additional quarter. Primary
receipts were heavy and the cash demand very
slack/ and as a result lengs seized upon the
bulge as an opportunity to unload more of their
holdings. This liquidation* was led by St
Louis. Bears also became" more confident lii
their operations and May, - near the end of the
session, ¦ broke sharply to 76^76%c, and closed
weak, M,c lower at 76%cl Seaboard clearances
were 591.000. bushels, but the bullishness of these
figures was counteracted by the primary re
ceipts, which were 781.000 bushels, compared
with M3.C00 a year ago. Local - receipts were
121 cars, four of contract grade, while Minne
apolis and Duluth reported 3S7 cars agalnut 363
last week, and 716 the corresponding day a year
ago. ¦ .- ¦¦' ¦-¦-¦¦„ . ,-v
Unsettled weather, llffht contract receipts and
the provisions strength were .faptors. which
gave the corn market an undertone of strength
although the wheat. Influences could be seen In
the attitude of many traders. The market was
at lt« best when wheat wan at . Its '.high -price
! and the close showed moderate response to the
I break In the neighboring pit." May ; uold be
tween 4l«ic and 4l«ic ami closed a shade down
at 41%c. ': Receipts were 332 cars, 27 of contrac*
grade. - July • rujed • a shade .:¦ over May ¦ and
eeemed to be In better demand.
Trade in oats was of 'a scalping character
and without importance. . May sold* between
2SVfce .and 20c and : closed a shade ¦ lower.- at ¦ 25iQ)
The provisions market was the most Interest-
Chicago Grain Market.
DRIED FRUITS. £;'"*'»:«
A moderate amount of business was done in
th« market for evaporated apples to-day. Of
ferings were quite heavy, however, which cre
ated a lather easier tone.
California dried fruits unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 7»4@12c; Moorpark, 8V4®
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@20c; unpeeled, S4@10c.
NEW YORK, March 19.-FLOUR~Recelpt«,
27.145 bbls.: exports. 20.696 bbls.
WHEAT-Recelpts. 100.800 bushels. Spot,
easy; No. 2 red, Sl%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red.
SO^c; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 90c f. o. b.
afloat. Options experienced some Irregularity
while showing general steadiness most of the
day, closing easy He net decline. March closed
SO^^^os^Sc. 15 " 160 ' Cl ° Sed 8 °* C: JU "'
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Dull. TV
COFFEEwSpot— Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice
7',4c; mild market, steady; Cordova, 8S12Hc!
Futures closed quiet. SifHO points higher SalV s
30.730 bag*. Including: March. $5 65; May $5 70-
July. $5 SO: September. $5 E5@5 90; October $5 90
©5 95; December, $6 10.
SUGAR-Raw. steady; fair refining. SHc
Centrifugal. 96 test. 4»4c: refined, steady
BUTTER— Receipts. 9600 packages: firm
fresh creamery, 16@22c; creamery, 13@19^c; fac-
EGGS— Receipts, 2600 packages. Steady at
the decline. Western at mark. 12V@13c: South
ern at mark, 12@12%c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON. March 19.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balances. $150,004,890; gold, $92,062,560.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. March 19.— Money on call
steady, 2'4©2V4 per cent: prime mercantile pa
per. 3>4®4Vi per cent. Sterling exchange strong,
with a-.-tual business In bankers' bills at $4 S7U
for demand and at $4 S<>,4®4 84H for sixty days
posted rates, $4 5504 S5H and $4 S8H: com
"f, 1 "!" 1 , 1 blUs ' * 4 83% @ 4 S**' Silver certificates,
61V4S63c. Bar silver, 60%c. Mexican dollars,
43c. Government bonds, strong; State bonds
Inactive; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Nezv York Money Market.
London Market.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief.: 14
Alice 35 Ontario ...8 75
Breece 1 20 Ophlr 60
Brunswick Con..... 24 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel... 03 Potosi 10
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada 24
Horn Stiver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 95
Leadvllle Con P5
.BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 19U
Call loans 3 ©4 Union Pacific 93^4
rime loans 3V£<g"4H West End Siii
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 69% Atchlson 4s 102
Do prefd 94^ N r E Gas & C 6s.. 6S
American Sugar... 141 Mining Shares— •
Do prefd 121 Adventure 13H
Bell Telephone 161 Blngham 26H
Boston & Albany.. 254 Amalg Copper 10U4
Boston Elevated. ..173 Atlantic 32$
Boston & Maine... 195 Boston & Montana.350
Chi B & Q 165Vi Butte & Boston.. ..103
Dominion Coal 39 Calumet & Hecla..86O
Do prefd 110 Centennial 27^i
Federal Steel 47Vi Franklin 22Vi
• Do prefd.. $8 Humboldt .60
Fltchburg prefd... l?4Vi Osceola 87
Gen Electric 214 Parrot B2>4
Do prefd 192 Quincy 174
Ed Elec III ....245 Santa Fe Copper... 7
Mexican Central... 2US I Tamarack ...335
N E Gas & Coke.. 13 Utah Mining....... 39
Old Colony ..20S Wlnona 6
Old Dominion 26% Wolverines 51
MINING STOCKS
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S 2s ref reg..,..107tt N Y Cent lsts. ....I107W,
U S 2s coup reg...lOCH N J Cent gen 6s... 133
V 8 3s reg in N Pacific 3s ;.. 71%
U S 3s coup Ill N. Pacific 4s.... 105%
U S new 4s reg...l3SH NYC & St L 4s. 109ft
U S new 4s coup..l38Vi N & W con 4s..V..103&
U S old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts......,110
U S old 4s coup.. .114 Or Nav 4s.. ........104*4
U S £s reg 111% Or 8 Line 6s. ...127%
U S 6s coup lllH Or S Line con 5S..116H
Dist of Col 3.65s... 123H Reading Gen 4s.... 94V4
Atchlson gen 4s... .104% R G W lsts.......,101
Atchlson adj 4s.... 94 . S L & I M.con 5s.ll8
Canada So 2ds 10S% S L & S F gen 6s.l3Ui
Ches A Ohio 4V4s...lO8\i St Paul cons.......lS4Hi
Che» & Ohio 6S....121V4 St P C & P lsts...HS •
C & NW con 7s....l40',4 St P C & P 6s..,.12O^
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 122 So Pacific 4s....'... 92%
Chgo Terminal 4s. 98 , So Railway 6s U6?4
Colo Southern 4s.. 87 Stand R & T 6s... 66
D & R G 4s 102% Texas & Pac Ists..ll9
Erie General 4s.... 87% Tex &Pac 2ds 93
F W & D C lsts...lOO% Union Pacific 4s... 108
Gen Electric 5s. ...176 Wabash lsta 119%
Iowa Central lsts..im« Wabash 2ds .......110
L & N Unl 4s 101% West Shore 4s....-115«4
M K & T 2ds SOH WIs Cent lsts 90%
M K & T 4s :. 9SH Va Centuries 95Vi
Z.lfiO National Steel prefd ....111%
New York Air Brake ..158
300 North American ; 771*
200 Pacific Coast 57
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
200 Pacific Mail 35U
29,900 People's Gas 106^4
300 Pressed Steel Car 3S
2C0 Pressed Steel Car prefd ...77
Pullman Palace Car ...7...... 204
Standard Rope & Twine ............ AM
31.S0O Sugar ....141
Sugar prefd .......121
4.70O Tennessee Coal & Iron C7'/i
3.600 United States Leather 13
2.200 United States Leather prefd.. 75
1.900 United States Rubber ..'.... 19*i
1.200 United States Rubber prefd f>8»4
2.000 Western Union 1 f9V»
11,200 Amalgamated Copper : ....101
2,200 Republic Iron & Steel Co....... .... 16'/.
1,200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... M '
P C C & St Louis :... 63%
1,679.600 Shares sold. '
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
700 Aztec 1 BO
1000 Junction 60
150 Monte Crlsto 2 S24;
3000 Petroleum Center, b 30 13
10 San Joaquin O. & D. Co 11 25
100 Sterling 2 40
MINING STOCKS.
Followinr were the salea In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Best & Belcher IS. 600 Justice «
10O Challenge 15 200 Mexican S3
100 Challenge 16 500 Ophlr <O
500 Chollar 15 600 Ophlr n
IPO Con Cal & Va..l 65 ICO Potosl ..., M
2C0 Gould & Curry. Ill 300 Tellow Jacket. 17
Afternoon Session.
400 Challenge ...... 15[ 300 Ophir ....... <0
900 Crown Point — 09. 13fto Overman 13
1C0 Gould & Curry. 14 200 Sierra Nevada. 27
3C0 Mexican 25.
The following were the sales In the Paelf.cs
Stock Board yesterday:
Mornms Session.
SCO Belcher 10[3flO Ophlr «1
2C0C C & Va....l624 65 Ophlr' 61
200 C C & Va 160 2ft0 Ophir 60
300 Crown Point... 11 500 Savago 10
250 Crown Point... CS 2m Sierra Nevada. 29
SCO Crown Point... C9 200 Sierra Nevada. 23
SCO Justice 02 2000 Tellotr Jacket.. 17
200 Mexican 29
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 17 t 200 Ophlr «
200 Crown Point... OS I 50i> Savage OS
200 Gould & Curry II i 700 Sierra Nevada, a
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
K TUESDAY. March 13-4 p. m .
Bid.Ask.l Bld.As*.
Alpha 03 C5|Justlco 03 03
Alta 02 03 Kentuck — <v_»
Andes 04 05 1 Lady Wash..... «l 03
Belcher W lOiMexlcan ........ 23 30
Ben & Belcher IS Wj Occidental 04 PS
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 61 63
Caledonia 70 72 Overman 13 11
Challenge Con.... 15 16: Potosl j- .-
Chollar 15 16 Savage ,5 £
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion _ <u
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 6-> Sec Belcher 01 OS
Con Imperial... 01 03 Sierra Nevada 17 ¦»«
Con New York. Cl OS Silver Hill... * In «t
Crown Point.... t» 10 St Louis " <& _
Eureka Con 06 —Standard . "400 __
Exchequer 01 02 Syndicate ....'.' _ n
Gould & Curry. 14 18 Union Con... i« U
Hale & Norcrs. 12 14!IJtah £ Ji
**»» 01 02 Yellow Jacket.": H n
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Junction 69
500 Monarch of Arizona 49
CO Monte Crlsto 2 25
500 Oil City Petroleum 25
100 San Joaquin O. & D. Co.. a 30 13 Oft
4«0 Twenty-eight 1 4«
600 Wolverine 113
Morning Session.
Board —
300 Aztec 1W
JO Bear Flag I • M
3 Hanford 8S 00
3 Hanford 87 50
310 Home Oil 4 00
10O Kern Oil Co 8 25
500 Lion Oil Co 19
2C0 Monarch of Arizona 49
000 Monarch of Arizona, a 30 47
1CC0 Oil City Petroleum 28
32 Peerless 8 00
10 Peerless I 124
1000 Petroleum Center 12
50O Petroleum Center, b 30 13
200 Reed Cru«e Oil Co 5»
10O San Joaquin Oil & Dev 10 it
100 Sterling Oil Co 2 13
50 Sterling Oil Co J 20
200 Sterling OU Co 2 25
100 Sterling Oil Co, t> 80 !3O
50 Sterling Oil Co 2 30
ICO Sterling OilCo, b 30 2 35
100 Sterling Oil Co, cash 133
200 Sterling Oil Co 2 35
100 Sterling Oil Co, b 60 2 40
300 Sterling Oil Co. b 30 2 43
700 Twenty-Eight ¦. 140
100 Twenty-Eight 142^
Street —
2700 Twenty-Eight 1 33
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1100 Cala-Standard 43
50 El Dorado 1 60
600 Four OU Co 57
5 Hanford SS CO
5 Hanford. b 30 90 00
400 Home Oil 4 CO
700 Junction 6>>
ICO Kern Oil Co t 25
ZOO Lion Oil Co 19
500 Monarch of Arizona 49
10 Peerless 8 23
SCO Petroleum Center 13
200 Sterling 3 45
200 Sterling 3 SO
50 Sterling, b 30 ....' 3 50
200 Wolverine 1 30
Street— v
8 Peerless .' S 23
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 13
14 Twenty-Eight „ 133
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. r
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Californla-st .. — 140 tO S L & H.... 49 —
Geary-st 47^— Presidio — 30
Market-8t «DH — '
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. — 84 Vlgorlt X% *S
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7Vi 8',i Kllauea 22t, —
Haw Com — 82^ Makawelt *l\ *1%
Honokaa 32>i — Onomea 2^ v * 30
Mutch S P.... 24H 25 Paauhau 33V 4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. "
Alaska Pack.. .121 122 Oceanic SS Co 45 47
Cal Fruit Can. — 102 Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pae C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Aasn.102^4 — Par Paint Co. 12',i —
Morning Session.
Board—
34 Alaska Packers' Asan 122 CO
41 Cal Wine Assn , ICO 00
10 Contra Costa Water 71 75
40 Contra Costa Water 72 CO
125 Honokaa S Co C 2S
33 Hutchinson S P Co 24 25
2S0 Hutchtnson S P Co .' 24 50
3S5 Kilauea S P Co 22 CO
f.<> Makawelt S Co 42 00
40 Oceanic S S Co 4S 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 23 00
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 5»
240 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 Z>
$3000 S P of A bonds <19C9) 112 62^
10 Spring Valley Water 94 23
30 Spring Valley Water 94 00
55 Spring Valley Water 93 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Gas 3 25
100 Honokaa S Co 32 23
60 Hutchinson S P Co 2150
50 Hutchtnson S P Co 24 82*4
4<> KUauea S P Co 22 12'.,
W Oceanic S S Co 47 TO
SO Oceanic S S Co, s 30 090
15 Oceanic S S Co 4S CO
10 Oceanic S S Co, s 30 4fl 00
$10,000 Oceanic S S Co bonds 105 23
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 no
120 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 75
40 Spring Valley Water »l 00
Street—
$9000 Hawaiian C & S Co 6s 1P5 50
100 Honokaa S Co 32 a
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 70 77U>Lon P & A. ...143 —
Bank of Cal... — 410Vi|Mer Ex (liq)... 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.,108 107^ 3 F National.. — 12»
1st N of S F... — 312ft|
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 13C0 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security JT5 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U 510 —
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's F^ind.233 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L A P.... — 4 I Pac Lt Co — *4
Erjuit Gas 3U — Sac E G & R.. — 40
Mut Elec Lt... - 8»i S F G * E.... 4«U ***
O G I, & H.... 50 — San Francisco. 4Vi <*¦
Pac Gas Imp.. — 44 Stktn G & E.. — 14
Contra Costa. 71»i 72 Spring Valley.. 9374 94^|
Marin Countv. 83^ —
WATER STOCKS
Bay C P C 5s WM — Oceanic SS 5s.lQ5J.;iO51i
Cal-st Cab rs.lWs — Dm C R 8s....l2S?4 — .
C C Water 5s. 108 109 Pac O Imp 4a. — 10OH§
E L & P 6s..l2S' y il33£ Pk «: Cl K 6s.lO5 -
F & a Ry 6s.ll4 - Pk & O It fa.. -¦ -
Geary-st R 5». — — Powell-st RSs.120 -.
Haw C 6Hs....lO8^i — SEO4R51. -W
Haw C 5s 105»* — S V &SJV as.121 —
LARK 5s.. .112*, — S R of Cal Ss.110 —
L A L Co 63.. - - S P K of A b9
Do rntd 6»..- 104 U000> "?> -
Do gntd 5»..10O — Do (1910) ....113 —
L A P R R 5s.l01Vil02'i S P C 6« (1905.
Markt-st C Cs. — 127 Series A>.... — 110»i
Do 1st c as.. 120?; — Do(Serles B)im*Ul»*
N C N G R 7s. - 113'i Do (19C6) - im*
N R of Cal 6a. — 114^ Do U312) 122** —
N R of Cal 5s.l20Sil21' a „ .
N P C R R «».101H — SPClitl Sa.10* 1 * —
N P C R R 5».108' 3 — S P Br R 6s..l31*il33>4
N C R R 6s.. Ill — 8 V Water 6s.U2HU3
OOLiH J1.110H - S V Water 4s.103h -
Oak Tr Co 6s. — 117*i I Do 3d mtg..-102<* —
Oak W Co 5s.. 100 lOOUiStkn G & E 6s. 100 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Aslc
4s coupon 11354114^1 4» coup <new>.13?iV,»3SH
is registered... 113 113 V3s coupon Ill lUVj
TUESDAY. March 19—2 P- m
UNITED STATES BOND3-
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business. on the morning session of tha Bon3
Exchange was very good. Sprlnsr Valley Water
was higher *t $34 2S{?93 73 and Contra Co»t»
Water at $71 75®72. Gas and Electric was low
er at $47 50047 25. Oceanic sold at $43.
In the afternoon Ga3 and Electric declined to
$46 75 and Oceanic to $45, subsequently recover
ing to $46.
Trading In oil stocks on the morning lessioni
waa again large, with higher price* for Ster
ling. Twenty-eight. Petroleum Center and Han-
There was no particular change In the after
noon.
Crown Point Is assessed 10c and Ophlr loc.
THE STOCK MARKET.
RED AND WHITE LEAD-Red Lead. "U0>
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7©7%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $17S47 50 per flask for local
us« and $43 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed." 6.03c: Powdered. 5.63c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.63c; Dry Granulated. 5.55c'; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A, 3.15c; Extra C.
3.C3C; Golden C, 4.95c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, SOc more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent.. Dominos, half-bar
rels. 6.30c: boxes. 6.35c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail ¦ prices are as follows:
Pine, .ordinary slzen. $isfil9: extra sires,
higher: Redwood. $1S019; . Lath. 4 feet. $3 t*>j?
4: 'Pickets. $20: Shingles. J3 for common and
$2 75. for fancy: Shnkw. $13 for split and $14
for sawn; Rustic, $23029.
Receipts, of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. MARCH 19.
Flour, qr ska.... i 10.986 , Wool, bales 30
Wheat, ctls....... 14.oSi>;Broomcorn, bis... 54
Barley, ctls .7.370!Pelts. bdls..; /510
Beans, sks 30 Hides, bdls 539
Potatces. sks..... 1.72S Ume, bbls........ 273
Onions, sks.. f0 ?ugar, ctls........ i.sso
rtrnn. nks.:;.. 1 .:.. 4fiO Wine.. gals.: 33,i.-,o
Mtddllnirs, sks... 2.0S2 leather, rolln i9t
Hay. tons....: • SSI Quicksilver, risks m
Straw, tons "¦ 33 Tnllow. ctls. 1 ...... £26
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 2,500,'
- r v AUSTRALIA.
Onions, crates.... 2, ISO I
SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at $16 50 per ton
In large sacks and $17 In 50s. Liverpool is
quoted at $17018 50 for the best and $14014 75
for lower grade*. Mgjgjg&j
TURPENTINE-^^cwer at 68c per gallon In
cases and 52c In drums or Iron barrels.
COAL OIL, GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Coal Oil. In bulk. 13c: Pearl OH.
cases, 19c; Astral. 19c; Star, 19c; Extra Star,
23c; Elaine. 24c: Eocene, 21c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 14Vic; cases. 20%c; Benzine,
bulk. 13%e; cases. 19V£c; 86-degree' Gasoline.
bulk. 2U-: cases. 26c per gallon.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S033c per lb: Bole
Leather, medium. 26(g30c; Sole Leather, light.
2. T 028c; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@28c; Rough
Leather, light, 25026c: Harness Leather, heavy.
3S039c for No. 1 and 30033c for No. 2; Har
rt-ss Leather, medium. 30037c; Harness Leather,
lirht. 29033c ; Skirting. 36040c: Collar Leather.
1}>S16c per foot: Kip. unfinished. 40050c per lb;
Veal, finished. 50055c: Calf, finished. 73c©$t 2i>:
Sides, finished. 16017c per foot: Belt Knife
Splits. 14016c; Rough SdIUs. 8010c per pound.
TANBARK— Ground. $26@2S per ton; Stick.
$lf02O per cord.
OILS— Linseed Is lower. California Castor
Oil. In cases. No. 1, . 75c-; pure. $130; Linseed
Oil, in barrels, boiled, 71c: raw. 63c; cases, 5c
nore; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, barrels,
70c; cases. 73c: China Nut. S5065c per gallon;
pure Neatsfoot OH. barrels. 63c; cases. 70c:
Pperm. pure, 63c: Whale Oil. natural white.
37}4@i2^e per gallon; Fish OII.N barrels, 35c;
case*. 40c.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13016c for prime to
fency washed: 11012c for strlctl" rood washed:
lf^lO^ic for good washed: 909%c for fair
washed; SgS^c for medium; 6@7?ic for In
ferior to ordinary; 11013c for good to prime
cashed peaberry; 10®10%c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry: 8*i@S?ic nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua— 13016c nominal for prime to fancy
washed: 9^0-120 nominal for fair to strictly
good .washed; 808Hc nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; lOjflOV&c nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry.
Salvador^ — 1001314c for good to prime washed:
S?i®9%c for fair washed: 1K&I2HC for Rood
to prime washed peaberry: 903%c for good to
l-rlme semi-washed; SV40S9ic for superior un
washed; SKc for good green unwashed; 100
10?4c for good to, superior unwashed peaberry;
6@7V4c for common to ordinary.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— 13014c nominal for
prime washed: ll<ai2Hc nominal for good
washed; 12013c nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry: 11011?4c nominal for good to
prime peaberry: 10V4@12c for good to prime;
9H$10c nominal for good current mixed with
biack beans: 9010c nominal for fair; *37 3 io
numinal for common to ordinary.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundle*, per lb. 4Hc;
cases, regular, 5c: do. extra large. 6»£e; do,
Faatern style, 6c; Boneless 6«£c; Norway. 6Hc;
Narrow Gauge, 6%c; Silver King. 7^c; blocks.
Oriental. 6c: do. Sea bright, 6%c; tablets. 7?4e;
n.Iddles. Golden State. C^c; do. White Seal,
bMc; 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless. 9c; 2-lb do.
7c; Desiccated, per dozen. 73c; Pickled Cod.
barrels, each. $7 75; do. half barrels, $4 73.
! CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. X3M.C per lb;
Sisal size, lOVjc; Bale Rope, 9\ic; Duplex. 9%c.
Terms, 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10.000 lbs. lc less.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $3; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $7; Cooa
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 23 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
tpI. $10 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
J17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
JS 45 per 20C0 pounds and $S 50 per ton, accord
ing to brand.
CANNED FRUITS— Extra* In 2Vr-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 50; Cherries,
$2 for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes,
$1 35; Peaches, C3c0$l 75; Pears. $J 83; Plums.
$1 3501 40; Quinces. $1 65: Strawberries. $1 73.
BAGS— San Quentln- Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6T»©7e; spot, 6%0*
6%c; local make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags. 30<©34c: Fleece Twine. 7H©Sc.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. «»t
©6>4c; ISO to 225 lbs. 6«ic; 225 and over, 6®«Uc;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 9@9%c
LAMB— Spring. 10011c per pound.
VEAL — Large. 7«?Sc; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S%<g9c; Ewes, 8gs»4c per
pound.
Hogs are very stiff at the advance, being
extremely scarce. Muttcn and Lamb are a
fraction lower. There are no more yearling
lambs offering. Beef and Veal are fairly
steady at previous prices.
BEEF— 7<§Sc for Steers and 6@7»4c per lb for
cows.
San Francisco Meat Market.
While Wool Is «tlll reported dull there are
some sales of the new clip, this description
moving much better than old "Wools. Most of
the purchases are for the same reason that
Benjamin Franklin bought the whistle— because
it was cheap..
Hops continue to sell'slowly and steadily at
previous prices.
Hides are dull and most descriptions are
lower.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9Hc; medium, 8%c; light. 8c: Cow
Hides. 8Vic for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 3c; Salted Ca.lt.
10c; Dry Hides, 13%c; Culls. 13c; Dry Kip. 15c;
Dry Calf. 16c; Culls and Brands, 12013c; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 2C03Oc each; short Wool. 30
©40c each; medium. 50®63c: long Wool. 73c<3U
each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 - for large and
$2<02 25 for medium. ?1 23 for small and 50c
for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $175 for large,
$1 50 for medium, $1 for small and 50c for colts.
Deerskins— Stimmer or red skins. 33c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, - 4^c per lb; No.
2, 4c; grease, 2@ 1 2V4c.
WOOL— Spring. 190C— Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15©16c per lb: Northern, free. 12@13c: de
fective. 10@llc; Middle County, free. 10<311c:
do, defective, 9010c; Southern, 12 months, 8®
9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7010c; do, de
fective. 7 months, 7©8e: Oregon Valley, fine.
15016c; do, medium and coarse, 14g"15c; Ore
gon Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do. fair to good.
9®llc; Nevada, 10012c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 11012c; Middle County and North
ern. 8®9c; San Joaquin, 7fi8c. *
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The market for everything In the list Is firm
at the advance announced Monday, though the
demand is not urgent. Chicago reports a very
strong and almost bare market for Provisions,
especially Pork products.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, HHc per lb for
heavy," I2$ji2ftc for , light medium, 13c for
light, 13^ for extra light and 15015>ic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,
12V4c; Mess Beef. $12 per barrel: extra. Mess.
»12 50; Family. $13 50; prime mess Pork. $159
15 50; extra clear, $C2; Mess, $18; Smoked Beei.
13c per pound..
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 10\Jc: 10-lb tins. 10%c: 5-lb tins, 10%c
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8Uc; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, 7H<? per lb.
Provisions.
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 3H©5c;
sun-dried. 1%@2%c; Peaches, 303^c for stand
ard, 4 04 He for choice and 506c for fancy;
Pears, 2®7c; Plums, pitted. 4©5c; unpltted, 1©
lHc: Nectarines. 55j51=c for red and 5%@6c for
white. ' - • ¦ . • ¦
PRUNES-Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c: 50-40s. 7c;
40-508, 6Uc: 60-608. 4Vic: 60-70s. 3%c: 70-SOs, 3^ic;
80-90s. 2%c; 90-lCOs. 2«4c: 100-120». l'/4c; rubles.
Ma premium; Sonomas. He and San Joaqulns
Vic less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie; stand
ard,. 10c; prime, 9c: unbleached Thompsons. 9c
per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10 l ic per lb: choice,
914c; standard, 8»ic; prime, 8c; unbleached Sul
tanas, 8c; Seedless, &0-Ib boxes. 6'ic; 4-crown.
7c: 3-crown. 6V4c; 2-crown. 6c. Pacific brand.
2-crown, 5c; 8-crown. 3',,c. and 4-crown. 5^c;
seeded (Fresno prices), fancy. 16-ounce. 7c: 12
ounce. 5%c; choice, 15-ounce, 6%c; 12-ounce.
5Uc; London Layers. 2-crown, $150 per box; 3
crown. $1 60; Fancy Cluster*. $2; Dehesa. $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points !n California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, SflOc per lb for Italian:
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7Vjc; No.
1 hardshell. 9^c: No. 2. 7c: Almonda. 12013c
for paper-shell. 9iSllc for softshell: Peanuts. 3^
6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c;
Pecans. IIiQIZc; Cocoanuts. $3 5<VS5.
HONEY-Comb. 13^i014c for bright and 12'J®
13c for light amber; water white extracted. 7Hc;
light amber extracted. t^®7c; dark. 696VsC
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Prices for Butter, Cheess and Eggs stood
without further change.- Stocks of Eggs are
greatly reduced. A good export demand - for
Cheese Is reported and northern orders for
Butter are said to- be liberal. All three de
scriptions were quoted steady on the Ex
change. „•¦ ¦ ,
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 62.7C0 pounds of Butter. 1794 cases Eggs.
10,475 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— - ...
Creameiy— Extras, 17c; ¦ first?, 15c; seconds,
lie.' :
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 12c;
store, : lie. •
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds. — ; dairy extras. — .
Pickle, - — per pound.
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice,
8c; common, Young Americas. 9>$c;
Eastern, full* cream, 1501Gtfc per lb.
California Ranch — Selected White. 13J4c;
mixed colors. lZVic per dozen. •
California Gathered— Selected, 12^c; stand
ard, 12c; peconds, — -. •
; Fresh Eastern— Fancy, : standard, ;
"'storage"-- California fancy. : standard,
; ; Eastern fancy.. — -: standard. : sec
onds," — -. ¦¦' •'
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Orange auction is being rushed for all
there Is In It. ' Fifteen cars are announced for
to-day's Fale.- The feeling In this fruit is get
tlnr weaker again, owing. to the heavy offer
ings. Lemons are also weak, while Limes con
tinue firm under small stocks. :
Bananas and Apples rule firm, supplies o£
both belnir moderate.^_
-DECIDUOUS FRUITS- *
APPLES— M075C per box for common and $1
@1 75:for good to choice and $2 / for fancy. # ¦_¦ .
.CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. $102;
Kepdlintts 50c«$l: Tangerines", 50cig$l 2o: Japan
ese Mandarins* $1©V 50; $1@1 50 for
common and $1 7502 25^ for jrood to choice ;
Grap» Fruit, &Cc0$2; Mexican Limes. $8ifihoC:
California Limes, nominal: Bananas. . 73c®$2 23
per bunch; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
Dried; Fruits, Nut's: and Raisins.
.' Local dealers say that the report that the as
sociation hns bought up all the outside Prunes
is erroneous, as it 13 the New Yorkers that have
cleared them up. They are out of first hands.
at any rate. ¦ Otherwise there Is little- new.. New
York reports a continual demand for the more
desirable sizes of Prunes at slowly: improving
prices -and a fair call in a Jobbing, way for
Peaches and Apricots.' .Raisins, Honey and
Nut*- are -dull everywhere. • . •:
FRUITS — Apricots. 5«Z7c for Royals and SH@
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
Two cars of Eastern Poultry have been re
ceived thus far this week. As receipts ' of
local stock are slender the market is very
etift and prices are still higher, as will be
seen. Game continues nominal and cuts very
little figure now.
A car of chilled Eastern Hens and Turkeys
came in. selling at 13@13%c per lb for the
Hens and 12@15c for the Turkeys.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$15002: Goslings. $2 5003: Ducks. $5(g6.for old
and $7 50@8 50 for young; Hens. $3<?ifi 50; young
Roosters, $708: old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers,
$006 50; Broilers. $5@5 EQ for large and $3@4
for small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 25 per dozen for
old and $2 5003 for Squnbs. i
GAME— Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. $1®
125; Brant, $1 6001 75 for small and *2 for
large; Honkers, $304 50; English Snipe. $3 50:
Jiick Snipe. $1 E0; Hare. $101 25: Rabbits. $1 25
@1 60 for Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— $2@2 75 per ctl ; Cut Onions, 60c@
$150 per sack; Australians, $3 75; Green
Onions. 35040c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 85c<9$l 50 per box:
Asparagus, $2®2 50 for fancy. $t 2501 75 per
box for No. 1 and 60c@$l for No. 2; Green
Peas, 2%iff3Hc for Bay; String Beans, 7ffSc:
Cabbage, 65<375c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 75c@
$1 25 per crate: from Mexico. 75c@$l 25 per
crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles. 12%c per lb;
Green Peppers, Los Angeles, gfJKVic pe^ lb
for Chile and 10015c for Bell; Dried Peppers,
12@18c; Dry Okra, 23c per lb; Carrots. 25035c
per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c@*l 50 per
Oozen; Summer Squash. $1 25 per box: Garlic.
2Vi@3c per lb: Marrowfat Squash, $20tg25 per
ion; Mushrooms, 10c per lb.
Receipts of Asparagus were again large, as
will be seen, and prices were weaker. Rhu
barb and Peas stood about the same. Cab
bage Is lower.
Receipts were 1621 boxes Asparagus, 742 boxes
Rhubarb and' 332 sacks Bay Peas.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 85c«?$l: Burbanks.
2S®a0c for River and 60@S5c for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from Oregon, 75@85c: Sweets, 50®
75o for Merced; New Potatoes, 2@2%c per Ib.
The; feeling In Potatoes and: Onions Is re
ported firmer, as stocks of both . are consid
erably reduced. Two thousand sacks of river
Burbanks of Inferior quality were cleaned up
on the wharf at 25c. Prices for good stock,
while not higher, are firm, Oregons leading.
Arrival of, 2185 crates of Onions from Aus
tralia. A good many of them were sold prior
to arrival at $3 75 per ctl. -
'.The. feeling In Beans Is getting weaker.
Pinks are a shade off again, and the bids for'
Government orders yesterday 'were lower than
on previous occasions, being $4 12^4@4 30 for
large .whites and $4 85@3 01 for small whites,
double sacked. Limas. however, are still firm.
There' Is nothing new In Seeds. The season
is over.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 60*52 75: Small White. $4 60
04 90; Large White, $4@4 25: Pink. $1 9002 10;
Red. $3@3 50: Blackeye, J3©3 25; Limas. $5 75®
5 90 ; Pea, nominal ; Red Kidney, $3 75@4 per
Ctl. . , f
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard/nominal: Flax, $2 50@3; Canary. 3H@
3»4o for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%©8V4c for Califor
nia and 9<3?9tto for Utah; Rape, 2@2V£e; Hemp,
SVic; Timothy, 6%c.
DRIED PEAS-Niles, $202 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay dealers quote a quiet but fairly steady
market. Fecdstuffs remain the same.
BRAN— $15@15 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $17017 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill." $25926: Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17ffJ18; Corn Meal. $25«J
23 50; Cracked Corn, $25 60@26; Mixed Feed.
$15@16. :
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat. $11013; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Barley. $7 50®9 50 per ton.
• STRAW— 35<g-47Hc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms: , Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$3 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers' $2 73
©3. ' '- ¦¦• - .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice- Flour. »7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 60; Oat Groats, *4 50: Hom
iny, 13 SOS'S 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked "Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
07 60; in Backs, $5 75®7 25; Pearl Barley, $3;
Split Peas. $5;. Green Peas, $S 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning. Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 4C00 ctls, 69^c.
-OATS — Continue quiet at the familiar quo
tations, with sufficient offerings.
White, $1 25<3>1 45; Surprise, nominal; Red,
« 25@1 40 for Feed and $1 3501 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black.- for Feed, $1 17%@1 20;
for Seed. $1 25@>1 30 per ctl.
CORN — There is no demand worth talking
about and quotation* ' continue nominal. For
tunately arrivals are light. '
Yellow, $1 10@l 15; White, $1 10®l 15; East
ern mixed, $1 12W-per ctl.
RYE— 80@S2i£c per ctl. The market continue!
very dull. ¦ .- '" .
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— December— 4000
CtlB. $1 05; 2000. $1 04%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctl.v $100%; 10,000.
11 00%: £000. $101: 6000. $100%. December—
2000. »1 C5; 6000. 11 04%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 04V4.
Afternoon Serslon— May— 2000 ctls, $1 01. De
cember-^COO ctls, $1 04%; 2000. $1 01%.
BARLEY- The market Is much ¦ quieter, the
demand now being slow, and the market is
easy at the decline.
.Feed, 76V4c for choice brlsht, 73c for No.
1 and 72&@72%c for off grades: Brewing and
Shipping grades. 80©83c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALKS.
about aa before 36s 3d for large and
37s Cdifor pmaller carriers, with not much do
ing.- The chartered ; wheat fleet in port has a
registered tonnage of 9000, against 21,460 tons
on the same dato last year; disengaged. 7562
tons, against 2067; on the way to this port,
147,238 tons, against 183,028.
f WHEAT— Liverpool was weak and : Paris
lower. New .York showed little change. Ant
werp was . steady.
Chicago opened weaker with a light demand
and a bearish crowd. Later on the feeling
became steadier. A very few outside bulls
took back ; the -¦ wheat ' they unloaded Monday.
New York wired a very dull market, 'with no
foreign business. . Minneapolis reported a - good
domestic demand for Flour. Bradstreefs esti
mated the visible supply as follows: East of
the Rockies, 1,773.000 bushels decrease; Europe
and afloat. 1.000,000 increase. Total decrease,
773.000 bushels. .
The local market showed no change worthy
of note.
Spot ¦Wheat-Shipping. 9S%c(g$l; milling,
$1 O2H01 05 per ctl.
The leading futures ranged as follows
ing one on the floor by reason of the strength
and activity of pork and the rumors concern-
Ing a squeeze In the May delivery of that com
modity. - These rumors ..- have ' been .-. floating
around for the ; better part of - a month, dying
out only to be revived again. Two Influential
operators, one of them a packer, are Bald to
have control of the market. The short Inter
est in: May; pork represents approximately 150.
000 barrels, while contract stocks are but lO.DyO
barrels, , and . a good part -of these stocks are
owned by men said to be in the deal to squeeze
6horts. The light hog receipts and continued
good cash demand combined to alarm the short
interest to-day: and May pork, having opened
10@20c higher at $16®16 10, was bid up by shorts
to $16 35, the highest price In months. Profit
taking by longs sent the market down to $16 10.
but It recovered sharply to $16 32V4 and closed
strong, 37Ho higher at $16 27*4. May lard sold
between $7 80 and $7 So and closed 2*4@5c up at
$7 80@7 82V4 and May ribs between $7 65 and 7 60.
with the close. 7%c better at $7 62%.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA:LL, WEDNESDAY,;; MARCH 20, 1901.
'Exchange and Bullion. ¦
Sterling Exchrnge. 60: days — $4 R-"3i
Sterling Exchange, '. sight — 4 SS-^i
Sterling 'Cables.'. ....... — 4 {<$»•
Ne\r , York Exchange, night.:..".. ¦ — m: .-. 1,-,
Now : York ¦ Kxchar.ge, telegraphic — 1714
Silrer, per ounce ....I r...... BOX*
Mexican ; Dollars, nominal.......;. 50 @ -61-
Wheat ami Other' Grains.
.'."WHEAT FREIGHTS-Spot- Irftes^remaln
NEW YORK, March 19.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
American stocks monopolized all the attention
In the stock markets here to-day. Otherwise
business was quiet, though prices were very
Irregular. General trading was checked at the
outset by the rumor that Von Waldersee's in
tervention In the dispute with the Russians at
Tientsin had proved abortive. Then came a
report which said that the whole matter had
been amicably settled. This helped home busi
ness, but the market ended with a -depressed
tone caused by a cable dispatch Baying that
Botha had refused finally General Kitchener's
terms. The American department was busy,
with buoyant prices throughout the whole ses
sion. There was very large professional deal-
Ing, but the public is nervous after the long
rise to dabble at this level. New York bought
heavily of Eries. which London sold readily.
.There is an absurd story current that the men
on the miners" executive committee have been
speculating with the miners' funds and that
J. P. Morgan finding them short on Erie Issues
Is now squeezing them. Money Is scarce.
CLOSING.
Atchlson, 6iy t i Canadian Pacific. 94*i; Union
Pacific preferred. 8SU; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. Stts ; Grand Trunk. 7%; Anaconda. 9%.
Bar silver dull. 26 l-l&l per ounce. Money
3&4?4 per cent. :>- '• ¦
8
STATIONS.
| Last I This I Last
21 Hours | Season. ] Season
: —
Eureka.
n^d B'.uft
Faeramento
Ban Francisco
Fresno
Independence .......
8an L.uls Obispo
lx* Anreles
Pen Diego
40.14 43.OS
22.17 19.07
19.01 15.48
1!LT» 17.02
10.2* 7.09
8.50 2.4J
27.62 14.82
14.10 5.M
! 8.56 3.13
STATIONS.
| Last I This I Last
21 Hours | Season. ] Season
: —
Eureka.
n^d B'.uft
Faeramento
Ban Francisco
Fresno
Independence .......
8an L.uls Obispo
lx* Anreles
Pen Diego
40.14 43.OS
22.17 19.07
19.01 15.48
1!LT» 17.02
10.2* 7.09
8.50 2.4J
27.62 14.82
14.10 5.M
! 8.56 3.13Police Officer Mulcahey while on his way
to report ; for duty last night about' 6
o'clock -arrested a man. on Mission street,
between Ninth ¦¦ and ?. Tenth, ..for breaking
.windows. . The prisoner was taken .to* the
southern station and 'Charged with mali
cious • mischief. - A : short while after ": be
ing : placed . in '. the cell ; the prisoner began
acting In a queer manner. He was then
taken to the Receiving Hospital and con
fined in .the Insane ward. He: refuses to
answer any questions and no one has been
found ' who can identify him. .
Breaks "Windows While Insane.
CONLIN GOES EAST TO-DAY.— JoseDh "A.
Cortlln the embpezlln* postal clerk, will start
for New York this mornlnif to transact some
important business . in the criminal courts. . Me
has Invited United States -Marshal Shine and
Detective Thomas Ryan to accompany him and
share with him the drawlns-roora of a Pullman
sleeper.- The Invitation has been eagerly ac
cented and Mr. Conlln -will have plenty of com
pany all the way.
THE ELDER FRITCH . CONVICTED OP
COUNTERFEITING.— A Jury in . the United
States District , Court yesterday found 'William
B. Fritch guilty on two counts of having In- his
possession molds for the manufacture of coun
terfeit ten-dollar piece*. A verdict of not guilty
was rendered' on. the third' count of harms a
Go-cent mold in possession. The Jury acquitted
Emmet B. Frlteh on similar counts. Emmet la
A son of William" i n. and . was working: as a
baker while hia father was making- counterfeit
money. Sentence will be pronounced to-morrow
morning. ' ' ., . : ,
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
President Returns to the Capital.
WASHINGTON, March 19.—President
McKlnley and party returned to the capi
tal to-day. The President did'not take
his customary drive with Mrs. McKinley.
Instead he remained at his office and saw
several callers. Some of the members of
the Cabinet nleo were in conference with
him during the afternoon.
SAXTAROSA. March 19.— The -W icker- r
sham will contest again occupied the at
tention of Judge Buvnctt's department of
the Superior Court to-day. Most of the
time was taken up in the argument of
legal points involved In the matter of At
torney Haney's standing in court, which
had been attacked by Attorney Campbell
and LJppett & Llppctt for 'the estate.
Mrs. Cora L. Wlckersham has directed
her principal effort ? gainst the settlement
by which her husband, the late Frank P.
Wlckersham of Fresno, shortly before his
death signed away all right and title to
his share in his father's estate for $28,000.
She has sought to have this agreement
annulled and the wills of the late I. G.
WIckerBham and his wife, "Mrs. Lydla C.
Wlckersham Invalidated In the hope that
she and her child might become bene
ficiaries. If her claims are made good
they would come ih for about $75,000 or
$100,000: but yesterday Mrs. Wlckersham
Hied with the County Clerk a stipulation
whereby she waives ail right and Interest
in the estate to which the courts may
declare her f entitled to her son, I. : G.
Wickershai* Jr.
Counsel for the Wickernham Estate
Arraigned Against Lawyer '
Haney.
ATTACK AN ATTORNEY'S
STANDING IN COTJRT
SENATOR PERKINS IS
MUCH DEBILITATED
OAKLAND, March ID.— United States
Senator George C. Perkins' condition i3
such that he will go to a health resart
as soon as his physician* decide thai he
Is able to be moved. -The Senator suf
fered severely from an attack of grip and
overwork while at Washington. He re
turned home in a very debilitated condi
tion. There is rothins alarming in Sena
tor Perklna* condition, but he will taJce a
rest at some sanitarium in the interior as
soon as he is strong enough to travel.
It was announced ttt-day at the Per
kins residence that the patient was slight
ly improved, but was still \>pry weak.
EMPEBOB FBANZ-JOSEF
KMTGHTS CLEVELAND MAN
Confers TJpon Theodore . Kundtz One
of the Highest Honors at His
Disposal.
NEW YORK. March 13.— The Journal
ha* the following from Cleveland, Ohio:
Emperor FYar.2 Josef of Austri-Hungary
has made Theodore Kundtz of Cleveland
a Knight of the Order of Franz Josef, one
of the highest non-hereditary honors it is
In the power of any European monarch to
bestow. The decoration is rare In the
United States, the only other recipient
being Dr. Gerster of New York. In 1853,
for his work In assisting Hungarian emi
grants who reached New York destitute.
Borne year* ago when Count Hogenmul
ler, Austro-Hungarian Minister to the
United State;?, was in Cleveland he was
entertained very lavishly by Mr. Kundtz.
and it is b«»15eved Mr. Kundtz'n knlrhthood
may have ben solicited by the Minister.
Th« decoration wan sent through the
Austro-Hungarlan Consul at Pittsburg.
BOMBAY, 'March 20.— Seven gunners
were killed by the explosion of a Howlt
ler shell at Sfcunderabad. India, to-day.
Seven Gunners Silled.
In all probability the Board of Educa
tion will elect A. E, Kellogg principal of
the Hamilton Grammar School .to succeed
Professor W. A. Robertson, who died last
week. Mr. Kellogg Is »t present vtr
principal of the Lowell High School and
is understood to have the support of Di
rectors Denman and Kincaid for the po-
It is believed that the board will effect
a compromise over the election of a prin
cipal to the Cooper Primary School. The
deadlock of th* board over the two can
didates. Miss Nora Sullivan and Miss
Jessie R. Smith, remains unchanged after
Innumerable ballots. Denman. and Kin
caid favor Ml** Smith and Casserly and
Mark support Miss Sullivan. Should Den
man and Kincaid change their votes to
MI«!S Sullivan. Casserly and Mark will un
doubtedly vote for. Kellogg, who Is the
choice of their colleagues for the Hamil
ton Grammar prmdpalshtp.
SCHOOL BOARD WIXL
ELECT TWO PRINCIPALS
A. E. Kellogg and Miss Nora Sulli
van Slated for Hamilton and
Cooper Schools.
. Convalescent Company No. 3 has been
ordered to leave Its comfortable quarters
at the Presidio and proceed to Vancouver
Barracks to/relleve the company of the
Seventh Infantry stationed there, which
is under orders for Manila.- The conva
lescent company consists of eighty-seven
men having less than eight months to
serve and sixty-three men having more
than elcht months to serve. The conva
lescent, companies are composed of men
who have lately returned from Manila,
whose condition is such that they are able
to nerform light duty but are unfit for
service in the Philippines. Captains Ar
rasmlth and Polk are in command of the
Major James B. Houston, additional
paymaster, has been assigned to duty in
the Department of California. <; '•
Lieutenant John C. Raymond. «SIxth
Cavalry, has been assigned to duty as
quartermaster and acting commissary of
subsistence on the transport Arab during
the voyage of that vessel to Manila. The
Arab will carry the horses ot the Sixth
CftVfllry " * * .' - * -
¦ The troops of the Sixth Cavalry and the
companies of the Seventh Infantry were
raised to the maximum strength yester
day by the assignment of 1 the following
recruits: ; .
Fourteen unasslgned white cavalry troops to
Troop E, Sixth Cavalry: seventeen unawlwri
white cavalry recruits to Troop H, Slxtn Ca\
alryj sixty-eight unassigned white Infantry re
cruits to Company C. Seventh Infantry: *'*ty
one unassigned white Infantry recruits to Com
pany M. Seventh Infantrv.
Acting Assistant Surgeons Hugh Good
win Verdo B. Gregory and Thomas >v.
Bath have been ordered to their _homea
for annullment of contract. Major S. O. L.
Potter, surgeon,' U. , 8. "V.. has been or
dered to sail to Manila, on the transport
Hancock. Upon arrival there he will re
port to the chief surgeon. Department of
the Philippines, for assignment to duty.
CONVALESCENTS OBDEBED
TO VANCOUVER BABRACKS
The * new primary law, -' if • It : b« > declare i
valid. Fhould be a heavy blow to boss rule.
On the water question we hope to have mu
nicipal ownership and are working to that end.
You know; something of 'that question over
here. I ' understand - that the ¦ press ' here - has
given you some trouble- in dea-llng with this
problem. Let me ¦ bring ¦ you ¦ encouragement
from the example of nan " Francisco ; in \ this
particular. Qo direct to ¦ the people; v Ignore
the -papers. The ' people are ¦ quick to ; heed.- ¦ ;
¦ In conclusion - 1 cannot refrain - from • allud
ing to the great . change in *¦ city government
Primary Law - Would Injure Bosses.
OAKLAND. March 19.— "Municipal
Improvements" was the topic of
discussion to-night before the
Men's League of the First Congre
gational Church. Mayor Phelan of
San Francisco, Mayor Snow of Oakland
and President Hutchinson of the Califor
nia Conference of Municipalities being
the speakers. - .
The meeting, which was largely attend
ed, was presided over by Giles H. Gray,
who introduced the speakers of the even
ing. The first address was by Mayor Phe
lan. who said:
The chairman of your outlook committee In
noting recent felicitous political events did not
mention the fact that the Legislature hns ad
journed. Well. In city government, the Legis
lature never adjourns.
The condition of American municipalities, ot
which It were trite to pay that they are rap-
Idly becoming the dominant, factors of the re
public. Is such as to onus; man}' economists , to
grow pessimistic They denounce the failure
of democratic institutions, of universal suff
rage, and predict the formation of an empire,
so that the Importance of the topic before you
to-night calls for no emphasis from me. -
I take It that what you want from me Is an
account of what we In San Francisco hayo
done in tlie way of Improving municipal condi
tions. Our greatest advance hns been the
adoption of the new charter, which has rcme-?
died the most crying abuses in our city gov
ernment.
Attacks Legal Profession. '
In San Francisco we had to combat the most
notorious boss rule existing In the country. It
was firmly Intrenched behind- the spoils sys
tem, legislative interference in municipal af
fairs and the saloon vote, which ' 1? ' always
Inimical to good government. We have wrested
the government from the spoilsmen and our
city offices are to-day practically clean. - Un
der the provisions of our civil service regula
tions we hope to extend the merit system to
every -position pa the city's payroll. - This
movement is in charge of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, a body of leading citizens, from ! which
lawyers are barred. The lawyers are by the
very nature of their profession willing to ham
per and oppose the efforts to secure decent
government If any one In whose interests it is
to do so will hire them for that purpose.
Our Civil Service Commission was -tied up
and enjoined from .holding examinations cal
culated to *le\-ate the civil service by Judge.
Oarber. We had I to hire another lawyer to
fight him and shall have to. pay him. well to
do it. Our new charter has worked bo well
that I have yet to receive a single complaint
against any. city official from any reputable
source. The papers' are always attacking
them, but the papers have' little weight." The
people have found, out that they are Irrespon
sible and venal. Three of them— the Call,
Chronicle and Post— fought the new . charter.
They are all of them fighting our Civil. Ser
vice Commission. . They * attaok - - at random
whom they will and their victims- have prac
tically no recourse. The. people have. learnel
that the policy of a paper Is dictated v by : the
man that owns the presses and' not , by any
motive for the public wea!.\
The Newspapers Again.
Take- the gambling evil. The papers have
made a great row about Chinese gambling,
and In the same Issues, they, published the
drawings' of the Honduras lottery, to do which
The Call, Chronicle and Examiner took a bribe
of $10,000 each. There is no State law here to
prohibit this lottery business. Even the be
nighted State of -Nevada would -not receive
them, but their drawings are continually pub
lished in the Ban .Francisco papers. These
papers are to corrupt that they support the
racetracks. California alone of all the States
la silent on this question. We , can * ret no
Btate law on this evil because the Legislature
Is dominated -.-by - the Emeryville • track man
agement, bo that San Francisco must: enact
her own laws .to regulate racetrack gambling,
the greatest evil of Its kind, it she have any
such laws. Yet on this s question the papers
follow the policy that pays them, with no con
sideration for public welfare. .
Votes Against Incorporation.
JACKSON, March 19.—An election was
held to-day to decide*the question of the
Incorporation of Jackson/ Three hundred
and hineteen ; votes* weie polled, with the
result that the Incorporation plan was de
feated by a majority ot thirty-two. Tha
property-holders were against'the propo
sition. . believing: that the burden of city
government was too- heavy. - for Jackson
under existing conditions.:
VIENNA. March 19.— At a meeting of
the Manufacturers' Club held to-day, and
attended by representatives of the Min
istry of Commerce, the dangers,threaten
ing Austrian Industry and agriculture
through the fiscal policy of the United
States were. discussed at length.
A resolution was unanimously adopted,
urging the necessity. In case of any fresh
adjustment of commercial . relations, of
putting • ¦' Austro-American ; relations on a
basis of complete reciprocity and equality
In regard to the customs tariff and Its ad
ministration. . '
Important Resolution, Adopted by the
Manufacturers' Club of
i\;% Vienna^.
AUSTRO-AMERICAN
RECIPROCITY URGED
¦ Mnyor. Snow was next introduced and
said:
Theoretically the government of a modern
municipality Is a business; practically It Is
a political game. • This has been especially
true of Oakland for the last two years, with
Practically, a Political Game.
.-¦ ......... . . -
which has tatten place In San Francisco. Only
forty-live years ago a mining town, a place
cf vigilance committees and irregular legal
procedure, it has to-day a model code of mu
nicipal government which is being copied by
cities throughout the older parts of the coun
try, and Indeed the civilized world.
Mr. Hutchfn.xpn spoko hopefully of the
work ¦" of the federation of which he is
president. He paid:
So far sixty-seven out of the elchty-one lead-
Ing cities" of the State have Joined us and the
rest are rapidly coming in. We even have
hopes of Kmeryvllle. At this session of the
Legislature the League presented ten laws, all
Important measures. N'lne of them passed.
This illustrates our power. "VVe'are trying to
introduce a uniform system of accounts In all
the cities. -In Oakland, "Auditor, now Mayor
Snow, Introduced the best system In use In th'
State. We have had Mayor. Snow draw ud n
model system of accounts, which is being
adopted by the different towns and cities of
the State. ..„•: - . ;. : ; ¦ -¦;- : r
against Thomas F. Hemmenway for
breach of promise will be determined to
day by the Jury sitting in the case. All
of the evidence was put in yesterday.
The case will be argued this morning and
submitted to the jury.
When the case was called .yesterday
morning Mrs. Barnes was recalled and
concluded her testimony. The defense
then opened. Anna Frledberg was called
to the stand. She testified that she had
eeen Mrs. Barnes act in a manner not
altcpether ladylike. She was corroborated
by Frank S. Cleland.
Hemmenway finally took the stand on
his own behalf. Hi admitted nls engage
ment to Mrs. Barnes and admitted that
she had procured a divorce from her
former husband at his instance. He de
nied, however, that he had ever Intended
to deceive her, asserting that his reason
for breaking the engagement was that
Mrs. Barnes developed such a temper that
he feared for his future happiness should
he marry her. After Hemmenway left
the stand some depositions on his behalf
were read and a few unimportant wtt
r esses were placed on the stand by plaint
iff's counsel in rebuttal. The caae was
then continued until thl3 morning.
"Whether or not Mrs. Fay J. Barnes is
entitled to ' a Judgment for damages
BREACH OP PROMISE SUIT
WTLI* GO TO JU31Y TO-DAY
Hemmenway Asserts That Mrs. Fay
J. Barnes* Temper Caused Him
* ;¦*- ":;v. to Break Engagement.
VICTORIA. B. C. March 19.^The
steamer Willamette, which ran on Den
man Island., near Village Point, about
two and a half miles from Union, whero
she had loaded 1000 tons of coal, will be a
total .wreck, for her back has been broken.
She was lying on the rocks amidships and
when the after part ¦ of her hull filled 'her
timbers gave way.
Willamette a Total Wreck.
DETROIT, March 19— The will of the late
Mrs. r Love ' M. '¦_ Palmer, widow of < Dr.
Palmer, .who ¦was a professor In the."Uni
versity. of : Michigan, contains specific
legacies amounting to $70,500. the greater
part of which Is divided between the Uni
versity of Michigan and various mission
ary societies. : For a memorial .ward In
remembrance of her husband in the uni
versity hospital she bequeaths $20,000
and for the maintenance of five free beds
In the same hospital she bequeaths 415 000
She gives " ?6000 to domestic and 'foreign
missions In the Episcopal diocese of Mich-
Isran, and $3000 to the American Board of
Missions. v
University and' Missionary
Societies.
Dividss Her Estate Between Michigan
MRS. LOVE M. PALMER
GIVES MUCH TO CHARITr
. Mayor-elect Barstow. who had promised
to be present and deliver an address | on
"The Local' Situation," was detained at
a' meeting. of the City Council and could
not appear.
I regret to state that the all powerful branch
of our city government, the City Council ha*
not shown Itself competent to decide, with all
the help It has received from organized citi
zens. Just what • the city shall do first. I
think the City Council needs expert help In
many things : the help of experts of nigh
standing. As matters stand at present the city
ns. a whole has yet to recognize & need for
any one municipal i Improvement— a ; need so
pressing that It must be met. . When that time
comes the vote will be found In favor of that
one thing.'. In the meantime education must
go on. It Is hard to ; be patient with the
selfishness of . our neighbors or with perverse
Ignorance;, but no man can allow himself to
become discouraged or sore or sour. The prob
lem of the new centurr Is- how; men shall
live together In cities. It must be solved by
men like ourselves and neighbors, or democra
cy Is a failure. . . | •
Oakland has come at last to know, I think,
that parks and drives cannot be had out of the
tax levy. Nor can wharf and dock facilities
be provided, sites bought and school' houses
built without borrowing money or Increasing
the tax limit now fixed by law.
Oakland- is a delightful city as It Is. After
hearing favorable comparisons by so many
travelers, I must believe that It. In even now
the best city In the world for good people to
live In. If this were not so. we should have
improved long ago. As the South Sea Islander
gets his food without exertion and, la happy.
rn we enioy what nature has already done and
feel no spur. But a man-made town destroys
nature, .and the situation requires of us the
consummation of those projects for buitiness.
comfort .and pleasure that have been talked
about In our city for more than a decade.
The local - situation in relation to municipal
Improvements, upon which I am requested to
speak, has ; not greatly changed In thl« dtjr
during th« last decade. Every other city in
the- world worth ' mentioning ha* : before this
listed' its deficiencies and supplied them with
tcrrowed money. Even conservative Boston
borrows $52,000,000 and spends it for comfort
and pleasure.
Situation Not Greatly Changed.
The votor3 ot this city have most emphati
cally declared their disapproval of the at
tempt that was made by office seekers to make
a pollticat machine of this city government.
It Is to be hoped that the sacrifice which has
been already made Is enough to satisfy every
man who would rule or ruin. But If such will
pursue this policy further then It becomes
the duty of a second administration to de
termine for Itself the relative value of these
things. , » . .
this peculiarity, that only one side of the
game has been played. In the outset of the
present administration, the Mayor was called
upon to decide whether he would be a tool In
the hands of two or three ambitious men to
punish .their political enemies and to reward
their friends; to be us*>d to reorganize upon
political partisan lines the departments of the
city; to place these departments at the beck
of a would-be Congressman, a Governor and
a county Supervisor— whether he would forsake
the first' principles of good municipal govern
ment or let the city, stand ¦ still for two more
years — this he was railed upon to decide.'
Success upon a false basis is but temporary.
Victory through the violation of a vital prin
ciple Is dearly bought. Counting: all the cost,
the decision was made in favor of the princi
ple; And now at the close of the two years'
time, with a little knowledge of the pains of
martyrdom. 'I am glad that the decision was
so made. It is now possible to hand down to
the new administration a departmental govern
ment whose sole purpose is to perform the du
ties Imposed upon It by law. .
-PRESEXT AND THE NEWLY
. ELECTED CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF
OAKLAND. • .,-'¦-.
DETROIT, Mich., March 19.— The Jour
nal this afternoon says: The Pennsylva
nia Salt Manufacturing Company, which
purchased 138 acres of river frontage land
adjolinjr Wyandotte on the south and west
In 1898 and 1S99. concluded definite arrange
ments In Detroit yesterday for the erec
tion on the property of a plant that, when
finished, will represent an expenditure of
$9,000,000. The buildings will cover be
tween sixty anil seventy acres of ground.
One section, which will ' cover twenty
acres and cost ftbout $2,000,000. will be built
this year, work to commence as soon as
the frcst Is out of the ground. The build
ings will be of stone, brick and Iron and
constructed in the most solid and durable
manner.
loiter. Will Shows TJp.
SANTA CRUZ, March 19.— A will made
by Catherine Gallagher In October, 1833,
was received to-day by County Clerk Mil
ler from W. S. Olncy, an attorney of San
Francisco. The will over which a contest
was made last week was dated July 21,
1S93. The newwill bequeaths to Mrs. Jen
nie Klee two lots .In Watsonville In ad
dition to the legacy of $3000 given her un
der the old will. To the daughters who
made the ¦ contest. i» left a share in the
personal property. -Under the contested
will they were bequeathed $1 each.
WILL SPEND MILLIONS
ON A SALT PLANT
Finance the De Wolf Hopper
Company. \ - -
NEW YORK. March 19.— The Journal
says: Everett R. Reynold3, the theatrical
manager and bioker, ¦who financed the
London tour of De "Wolf Hopper and his
company, which went to England last
year to play "El Capitan." yesterday
brought suit Jn the Supreme Court for
$11,000 against 'lod Sloan, the Jockey, who
undertook to manage Hopper the last half
of the London season and who, it is
claimed, grew weary of his contract and
left Hopper and his company practically
stranded In London.
Jockey Sloan offered to take the man
agement of the European tour -off the
hands of John Philip Sousa and Everett
R. Reynolds, It Is alleged. _
When Sloan sailed tor America Hopper
and his co-players were In decidedly short
straits. Hopper having to get out and
skirmish for •vjfflcient funds to get his
company back to New York. »', -
Sequel to the Rider's Attempt to
OPERATIC MANAGES
SUES JOCKEY SLOAN
The reverend fathers of St. Ignatius
College have Issued Invitations for an ex*
perimental and Illustrated lecture on "The
Propagation and Properties of Light." by
the Rev. R. H. Bell, S. J. Father Bell Is
professor of natural sciences in the Insti
tution and is In every way qualified to
treat his chosen subject* In a masterly
manner. The lecture will be delivered In
the college hall on Van 'Ness avenue to
morrow evening and will begin at S
o'clock.
The lecturer will explain the nature of
a wave of light; the measure of the veloc
ity of light by the methods of Roemer,
Ioucault and Bradley: single and doublo
refraction Illustrated and explained on the
undulatory hypothesis: persistence of
vision; polarization, diffraction and inter
ference; properties of light in various
media of low pressures and under mag
netic influence, and action of light en
selenium, concluding with experiments on
the photophone. The experiments will be
of more than ordinary interest, as the col
lege has recently added some costly ap
paratus to Its already well equipped
science room.
During the progress of the lecture th«j
college orchestra, composed of a score oi
pupils, under the direction of the Rev.
Father Allen, will play a programme ot
selections, comprising "Promotion." hv
Moses; "The Pasha's Dream"— Fantasy,
bv Bendix, and the "Calanthe Waltz." Dy
Holzmann.
WILL DISCOTTItSE ON THE
PROPAGATION OP UGHT
Rev. Father Bell Will Give Illustra
ted Lecture at St. Ignatius
College.
While no definite plan of filling va
cancies in the higher ranks was agreed
upon. It was tacitly settled that all futura
vacancies among corporals and sergeants
would be filled from the ranks, seniority
of service being considered aa an element
In promotion.
The hearing of the petition of former
Sergeant Bernard Harter to be restored to
his old rank was postponed for one week.
Harter was disrated several years ago.
and now claims that under the decision in
the case of Lieutenant Price he is entitled.
Jto a reinstatement. He Is at present doing
duty as a patrolman.
Pcliceman James Cook, who was twen
ty-five minutes late tn reporting 1 for duty,
was fined %Z0 and a fine of $25 was Imposed
upon Patrolman James F. Braze!, who
slapped a drunken prisoner in the face.
Policeman Nicholas J. Barry, accused
\\y Sergeant "Wolfe of having been absent
from his beat, proved to the satisfaction
of the commission that he waa not guilty,
and the charge against him was dismissed.
The trial of Policeman Edward J. RUey,
accused of neglect of duty, was postponed,
as he was 111 and unable to appear.
tents from, the ranks
matter of advanc
of the patrolmen.
The Civil Service Commission met V/th
the { Police Commissioners In executive*
session last evening and discussed tha
Nicholas J. Barry, Accused of Neg
lect of Duty, Proves That He
.Is Not Guilty as ,
-¦''¦¦ •' I Charged. _ 4 ;
Police Commissioners Act
in Three Cases Brought
Before Them.
TWO PATROLMEN
MUST PAY FINES
The storm, which extends over the en
tire central valley, is central over this re
gion, and the local forecaster expects It
to continue for twelve hours. Railroad
traffic has not been materially affected,
and nearly ail the Incoming trains ar
rived on time.
OMAHA. Neb.. March 19.— The tempera
ture bogwn to drop at noon and the snow
to fall \Cith renewed vljcor. The wind
blew it into huee drifts, and early In the
afternoon street car traffic was practi
cally suspended over the entire city, with
the exception of one line, r_nd there wa*
no attempt at following the schedule on
that road. The air was full of blinding
snow and the streets were practically de
serted. • • -
In Northwest Michigan, where the rail
roads, had hardly recovered from last
week's storm, a heavy snow felV and con
tinued all night. It was feared It would
do more damage than* the last storm and
arrangements were made to sidetrack
trains to prevent their being snowed In.
"Wisconsin reports snow and rainstorms,
with rivers and streams out of their
banks. Near Racine serious floods are
feared. At Prairie du Chlen the lower
part pf the town, is flooded and eighteen
inches of water f» over the railroad
tracks.
Minneso(a also is in the grasp of a
severe blizzard.
CHICAGO, March 19.— A snowstorm ap
proaching a bllzzarri In severity swept
over the Missouri Valley to-day and to
night It still was raping. Nebraska. "West
ern Iowa, South Dakota, Wyoming and
Kansas felt the effects of the storm,
which tied up streetcar traffic in many
cities and' delayed railroad traffic.
Railroad Traffic Tied Up in Many Lo
calities, and in Wisconsin
\'f"l' Serious Floods Are
» • Feared. V'i".'
Fierce Snowstorm • Rages
Through States of
Midd.e West.
BLIZZARD SWEEPS
MISSOURI VALLEY
The Chinaman is the principal type of Ori
ental civilization. He is phlegmatic and slug
gish. Time is no object with him. He takes
things as ' they come and never seems to be in
a hurry. How different Is the American, the
highest type of Occidental civilization'. He Is
nervous and energetic. He acts on the prin
ciple that "time Is money." and accordingly
is Impatient of restraint and always on a rush.
When the* old Oriental civilization meets, the
new Occidental civilization It Is to be expected
that there will be a clash. Which will havfe to
give way to the other Is by no mean certain,
for" "the race is not to the swift nor the battle
to the strons."
There has lately been a great deal of news
paper talk about civilizing China. I give credit
to those people who advocate such a course for
their good intention, but its desirability, to
say nothing of its difficulty. ¦ should not be
overlooked. Ch'na has already a civilization
of her own. It 2» the growth of time. I»ng
before the ancestors of the people of the west
ceased to be naked savages and emerged from
the primeval forests of Central Europe, the
Chinese had known the use of the compass
and the art of printing. Now for the people
of the west to turn around and then ask the
Chinese to put away their old civilization is
rather novel. The people of the west may
know more than the Chinese about the build
ing of railroads, the floating of foreign loans,
the combination of capital, the development of
resources and the like. All tbls Is granted.
As to Religion and Interference.
But the Chinese naturally feel that they are
in a better position to Judge what Is best for
their own Interest and welfare than any out
sider can be. Therefore, any attempt to Im
pose upon them any reform or religion they
do not feel the need of Is apt to create trou
ble. The use of force is especially to be dep
recated, as this serves only to inflame their
passions and rouse their resentment and oppo
sition. But on the other hand, much can be
accomplished by exercising tact and discretion
and, above all, by giving due consideration to
their sentiments and prejudices.
If the people of the west would study the
civilization of China Instead of trying to pull
!t down they will save themselves a great
deal of trouble. They will find, that the Chi
nese are not addicted to "ways that are dark
and tricks that are vain." as they are repre
sented to be by an. American poet. They wll!
find that China, old as she Is. still exhibits all
the strength and vigor of full maturity. They
will find that' the civilization that has stood
the test of forty centuries Is far from being
effete. They will find that the proper course
to be pursued in putting China on the road to
prosperity Is not : to shake the foundations of
her social and political fabric, but to allow her
to incorporate such elements of western civ
ilization as she can assimilate. On the other
. hand. China must keep u? with the tlmos In
the onward march of progress. To this end It
Is necessary for her to take lessons from the
western world. But she need not be a servile
Imitator. Her requirements are . peculiar to
her position among nations and to the growth
Of her natural life.
"\Vu was the pruest of honor at the uni
versity congregation dinner at the Quad
rangle Club this evening. To-morrow he
will spend in sightseeing, a trip to tits
dralnace canal being on his da.y s Itiner
ary. He will return to Washington late
; In the day.
Oriental Civilization.
Xature has biased the country with every
variety of soil and climate, so that the peo
ple have never been obliged to look to other
countries for the supply of their wants. They
have been able to live within themselves with
out difficulty and to get alonf? without having
to do with outside nations. Their long seclu
sion has been not only a matter of necessity,
but also a matter of choice, i
True It is that China's isolation has tended
to strengthen the nation's character and rive
it a marked individuality, but this has not
been gained without great losses. The most
serious is that the nation has not been able
to profit by the trials, experiences and achieve
ments of the rest of the world. This Is es
pecially true with t-clentific knowledge and
mechanical inventions. It must be admitted
that to-day China is centuries behind the age
in her knowledge of chemistry, electricity,
steam navigation, rapid transit and other arts
and sciences. AH these things she must learn
from other nations before she can hope to
put herself abreast of the times.
But does civilization consist of railroad"
telegraphs, electric lights, battleships, rapid
firing runs, magazine rifles and a thousand
and one things which are often regarded as
a necessity for a progressive nation? This
vrculd .be a very narrow Interpretation of the
vrord. Civilization has. I believe, a broader
meaning, with intelligence. order, morality
and refinement for Its essential elements. Such
a civilization China undoubtedly has— a civilis
ation different, to be sure, from that of the
West, but a civilization nevertheless. In other
words, civilization is the elevation a nation
l.as reached in its progress from a lower to a
Mgher state of society. It Is to be expected
that the civilization attained by China should
be different from that attained by the nations
of the West, by reason of their difference In
national development. Chinese ways are not
necessarily bad because they often seem
strange to Western eyes. It is merely a ques
tion whether one is accustomed to them or
not.
China Blesssd by Nature.
livered the convocation address of the
University of Chicago at the Studebakcr
Theater this afternoon before the faculty
of the institution and an audience that
packed the theater to the doors. Wu took
for his subject "Chinese Civilization."
His defense of the civilization of his na
tive country. In his comparisons with that
of the civilization of the Occident was
much applauded. In beginning hia ad
dress Wu said China had been to other
nations like the recluse community In tha
heart of a mountain, ass told by a Chinese
writer of 1500 years ago, a communiiy
that, fleeing from the persecutions of tlu»
China dynasty, had found peace and tran
quillity, and content with their lot. had
no desire to emerge into the turmoil and
excitement of a more active life. He con
tinued:
This mountain community may be Raid to
be China, in miniature. To her isolation she
undouttedly ewes her lone freedom from for
eign domination. Foreign influence. Indeed,
has had very littlr to do with the national de
ployment of China, Before the nineteenth
century the only possible foreign enemies (she
had to meet were the nomads ot the Mongolian
plateau, vrho occasionally made sudden Incur
sions upon the settlements along the northern
frontier, and pirates frcrn the Malaysian
Islands, who sometimes spread terror along
the reacoast by their ravages. The warlike
encounters, fortunately, were not very fre
quent.
Far from the conflicts and strifes ot the
vest the Chinese have been able to give
through the past centuries almost their ex-
They have accordingly solved their poiitlcai
problems in their own way and worked out
tteir destiny without foreign interference.
CHICAGO, March 19.-Wu Ting Fang,
Chinese Minister to the United States, de-
-_«
Ministtr Talks of Civiliza
tion in the Celestial
Empire.
• ¦¦¦ ¦
Declares His People Do Not Relish
Foreign Interference, Prefer
ring to Work Out Destiny
In Their Own Way.
WU'S DEFENSE
OF THE CHINESE
KANSAS CONVICTS
MUTINY IN MINE
Despsrate Men Stize and
Hold Fifteen Guardsas
Hostages.
After Living Many Sours on Mule
Meat They Are Taken by Sur
prise and Compelled to
Surrender.
The convicts are allowed to talK while
at work in the mino. as it would hardly
be possible to carry on the work without
speaking. The guards never go Into the
mlr.fP with firearms on account of the
danger of an insurrection below the sur
face. Thoy carry clubs so that in the
event of an outbreak by the convicts and
the loss of their arms the work of over
powrring the convicts would not be so
great.
When near the bottom of the pit a
heavy fusillade was opened, the shots be
frtff fired toward the top of the shaft.
This took the convicts by surprise and
thinking the s*h<us w<re Intended for them
they hastily fled. lra - ins the guards, who
were soon joined by their comrades, after
which they were t»rs;l to tne top. The
armed jruards then started after the con
victs and soon had tlie ringleaders under
Erjos^t when the otliirs ga}~e In. .and sur
rendered. Then thr \\ork of taking them
to the surface began and before morning
the convicts were egaln behind the bars
of Their colls.
The insurrection was brought to a close
at 11:30 to-night and the mutinous con
victs were placed in their cells as fa.=t
bs they could be brought to the surface.
The imprisoned guards have been re-
Jeafed and are apafh ancve the surface.
Shortly after r.itrtufall ttxe Warden ancl
every available officfr path^red around
the mouth of the mine, each man heavily
armed. Hunper began to tell upon the
mutinous convicts and they parleyed witn
the Warden. They sent him word that If
he would promise not to inflict punish
ment fnr their action thev would surren
der and come up. To this the Warden
would not consent, sending- down word
that the surrender mu?t be unconditional,
the question of punishment to be consid
ered later. As the night wore on the War
den held a consultation with his officers
and it was decided to nuempt a rescue of
the pusrds and also to overawe the con
victs and foroo their surrender. Select
ing his men the Warden with seven or
eight guards, heavily aimed, entered the
hoist and were soon sp*-oJing downward.
Convicts Compelled to Yield.
The first outbreak in the mine took
place shortly after the noon meal yester
day and was started by the convicts in
division No. 8. Of the nineteen men In
this division sixteen seized the guard and
overpowered him and announced that
they had decided to strike. They told
the guard that thev had decided to mine
two Instead of three cars of coal as a
Cay's work in the future and that they
proposed to have better food. This guard
was left in charge of two of the con
victs in the mutiny while the others
marched to the adjoining division and
epread the revolt and called on the con
vict* to Join. The convicts were soon
marching through the mine from one di
vision to another, yelling and swinging
their lamps and picks. Other desperate
convicts entered into the spirit. Short
term men generally offered no opposition
to the mutineers and quietly Joined them.
Many complaints have been made at
the penitentiary by the prisoners because
ol the grade of food furnished them, and
to this dissatisfaction have been added
p negations of mistreatment. The first
trouble was displayed last night, when
the miners who had entered the mine in
the morning refused to go to the surface
unless their demands wt-re granted. War
den Tomlinson refused and the prisoners
remained In the mines all night, prevent
ing the fifteen guards over them from
going above and additional guards from
entering the mine. They killed the mules
used In the mine and liv^d on this meat.
Two 'hundred and thirty-four convicts.
who went down into the mines on Monday
morning-, held fifteen guards at hostages.
They refused to let the guards go to the
surface until Warden Tomlinson should
promise to give them, better food, and
thjeatened to kill the guards if their de
mands were not complied with. The
mines are run by the worst class of pris
oners in the penitentiary, and among: the
men who mutinied were twenty life pris
oners.
Bemand Better Food and Less Work.
LEAVENWORTH. Kas.. March 13.-
Derperate convicts employed In the Kan
sas State penitentiary coal mine at Lan
sing mutinied In order to compclthe war
den to furnish better food and grant
shorter hours of toil. The convicts, how
ever, were finally compelled to yield to
the prison authorities.
THE SA^ FBANCiSCO CALL, AVEDNESDAY, MARCH 20, 1901.
Tells Them They Must Ignore Press if They Would Enjoy
Life and Intimates He Has Been San Francisco's Savior.
Mayor Snow Terms City Government a Political Game
PHELAN UNLOADS HIS TROUBLES
UPON GOOD PEOPLE OF OAKMND
9
POSTUM CEBEAL.
This Tells the Story
One Opinion taken from over one- thousand testimonials
received from the most prominent physicians all over the world.
DAVID WALSH, M. p., V. M. Edln., Phjtlcl.n to the
" -Western Skin Hospital, London, England, writes i
"I have found Hunyadi-Janos to answer every purpose and Unvarlably prescribe
it, partly because it can be obtained anywhere and everywhere, partly .because of Its"
.uniform action,and last, not least; because it Is preferred by my patients." '
Hunyadi Janos CURES Constipation
Dyspepsia, Biliousness and - all Stomach and Liver Troubles.
No Medicine In the world has received such widespread endorsement
LABEL ON BOTTLE is BLUE with Red Centre Panel
LADIES IN MEXICO.
Undone By Coffee Poisoning.
Down In the City of Mexico, In the coun-
try that raises its own coffee, they have
plenty of stomach trouble and nervous
headache?, brought on by coffee drinking.
A lady writing from there says: "I have
used coffee for a long time and was In-
ordinately fond of It. At any time I would
cheerfully have g'.vcn up all the balance
of tny meal, if necessary, in order that I
might have the coffee, but I acquired a
wretched, muddy, blotchy complexion,
had prolonged attacks of excruciating
nervous headaches, was troubled with ln-
eomnia, and finally complete nervous
prostration, that horror of horrors.
"I was compelled to give up coffee, for
It was the poison that worked my undo-
ing; then I concluded to take on Postum
Food Coffee. I did not believe In it. and
knew I would not like It, for I could not
bear to think of anything that was to
take the place cf ray beloved coffee.
"I was driven to despair by illness and
•willing to try most anything to obtain re-
lief. Imagine my surprise when I made
Poetuxn Cereal Coffee according to direc-
tions and Hked it as well as any coffee I
ever drank.
"So the problem was solved. I began to
Improve in health, could sleep well nights,
my headaches disappeared, and I <kept
Saining in flesh, until I went from 118
pounds to 130. and I am now perfectly well
end feel so. I have been able to do an
enormous amount of extra work that
would have Seen absolutely impossible
under the old conditions. ¦
"Please do not use my name. in public.
Name can be triven by Postum Cereal
Co.. Ltd., Battle Creek, illcb.
r .. : ¦ ....¦-. -"^
I H : O I
is
dainty
nourishing
food $Mp
little
f i \\
girls
Hornby's Steam Cooked OatmealTHE . SAN FRANCISCO :CALLr : WEDNESD^. 'MARCH 20, ,1901.
10
SWISS man and. wife wish positions in city or
country: "'man do any kind work on ranch
:' and:iady;will cook. r 4322 Mission road.
COMPETENT . salesman wishes . position; ex-
perienced ' In carpet and wallpaper business.
i Box 2429, Call office. ; ' . ; ,
A COOK wants a ¦ situation • for the country;
: understands ' baking bread. 1301 , Santa Clara
• ave.. Alameda. .•-,'. ,y - ' ; - : , ' .
EXPERIENCED Japanese, nice couple, have
. ref erences.T wish .positions; -man flrst-class
cook ; wlf e . wait table - and housework. -, Box
2425, Call office. V., - - •
EMPLOYMEKTy WAKTEDr-MAJ'E. 1:
TOUNG man .wishes a' position :< aa S helper or
•* an apprentice to learn, carpenter" « trade; has
¦ had experience. Address C. H.- BBTTS,' 507
.-.'Post'st. rv'*;- * ¦-¦ :¦'¦¦/ 'I'' --•*»", .¦¦
2 ROOMS and bath for rent, $10; furniture for
sale cheap. 30 Pace st.
3. PELTIER, asphalt rooang. sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11MJ Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASPHALTtM ROOKI.NG.
WANTED — Agents in each city; good money.
Pacific Cosrt M. & L. Co.. 460 J>th. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED insurance agents. Call at
room 1CL 897 Market rt.. corner Sixth.
•0 AGENT? wanted. ladl»s and gents, at once.
JC3 Powell rt. rocm 10. a.*'.
AGEXTS WANTED.
ANNUAL Meeting— The annual meeting of the
ftockholdere of the Western Sugar Refining
Company »1I1 be heM at the office of the
company. 227 Market ft.. Sao, Francisco. Cal..
en MONDAY, the 2Sth day of March. 1901.
at the hour cf 12 m.. for the purpose of
electing a beard of directors to serve for
the enFulnr year and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer book« will close on Fri-
day. March 15. 1901 at 12 vn.
W. H. HAXNAM. P~»~tlirT.
ALL members of th» Master Mariners' x ~;r--^.
Benevolent Association are cordially LT,^*
¦ invited to att«-nd th'lr flrrt quarterly 'v^^ito'
•toclal on SATURDAY NEXT. March
ZZ at Red Men's Hall. 220 Post St.. from
f i . tn. to midnight Tickets can be ob-
tained free cf charge from the committee.
A. BERGMAN.
ABOU Ben Adhettf Lodge No. 112. .jSjSjgjSjJ^,
I. 0. O. F.— Members notified to t^SSSps
at:rn1 funeral cf c-jr lntr broth-
er. PETER DANN. THURSDAY, -"wi* 8 "
J p. m. R. F. KINSMAN. N. O.
DCSrVESS CHAyCES~~Contlnn»d.^
$100*-HOTF.L, with bar; 15 rooms; 30 boarders;
near B. F. KREDO. & CO.. Flood bulldlcc.
$435— PARTNER : grocery, bar: chance of life-
time for a good man. KREDO & CO.. 809
. Market 6 t
J2M^— HOTEL. 80 rooms; clears $100 monthly;
cheap rent. KREDO & CO.. 809 Market at.
j400o_WOOD and coal yard; established 40
years: In central location; never changed
hands; clears from $300 to $400 per. month;
C fine wagons and horses; low rent; for refer-
ence eee all wholesale coal dealers. Address
Owner, box 26JS, Call office.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
It & F. L. COOPER, Nevada City. Cal.
. OITTSIDE route on th!« paper for sale. Apply
Call Buzlnees office.
LARGE outside rout- CNo. 10) for eale. Apply
at call Business office.
DELICATESSEN, baltery and dairy produce;
t furnished rooms; must be scld by April 1.
Apply a)39 Mlsslcn st. - - ¦
$C0 CAPITAL" wins -$100 per week at races. In-
formation LTONF. Ml Market St.. room 4.
FOR sale — Candy store and ice crean/ parlor:
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. S20Q Flllmore »t.
LODGINC-HOrSF.S FOR SALE.
MRS. A. CAMERON. £50 Market st.. rooms 21.
Tl 23 (formerly with Marion Griffin. 719 Mar-
ket et.). will be. pleated to have old and new
customers call and select houses from large
list cf bargains; also to list houses or busi-
ness chances of any kind they may have to
cell: see eDecial lift of bargains.
10-room flat, on O'Farrell: modern: rent $55:
price tTSO: good furniture and carpets: elegant
9-room flat, on Geary; 9-room flat, Eddy; 7-
room flat on Ellis: all elegant and modern.
12 rooms; rent $S0; price S750: residence; fine
yard: good furniture and carpets.
4& rooms; rent $173; price $1600; in business
Cinter; pays well. ¦ •
SI rooms; rent $125; price reduced to $900; a
sacrifice; hardwood furniture; hair mat-
tresses.
16 rooms, corner; 2 entrances; rent JSO; price
reduced to J9P0 a Mid at once: two houses.
14 rooms: Van Ness ave.: $1000: rent JCO;
velvet carpets: $600 down, balance time; no
interest.
__________ _ .
1026 Market st. Telephone Mint 1591.
60 rooms; rent $110.$2500'1I rooms; snap $<00
27 rooms: rent $50.. 9jO|1S rooms; bargain... 800
35 rooms; rent $60.. 1200 10 rooms; piano &00
38 rooms; rent t&0.. 900 j 7 rooms (flat) 325
r.6 rooms; rent $123. lS50|10 rooms; only 775
C6 rooms; rent $41.. SOO ¦ 14 rooms; one floor. t'.OO
86 rooms; rent $115. 2200 ; 17 rooms: 6th st 900
40 rooms: rent ISO.. 1900 lQ«room flat 750
SEE OUR MPT OF TOO HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:'
fO rooms, clcse In, elevator, etc $iZM
12 rooms, new. clean, clears $50 $00
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. S000
11 rooms, only SM0 cash, balance pay-
ments coo
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 8S0 Market.
Select Your House From Largest List in Town.
t rooms: excellent value {300
14 rooraf.a genuine bargain 300
50 rooms; well furnished: close In 1000
12 rooms: always full; nice location 10C0
44. 76 and 135 'roomed houses.
See our special bargain li?t before buying:
we lend half the purchase money at lowest
rates. WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market.
FISHER & CO.. 10S2 Market St.: telephone 1599.
«S rooms, north of Market: only $1COO
16 rooms. Hyde: very finely furnished 6T<>
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 9<*0
If a bargain we have them at any price'
north or south of Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit
all buyers: titles miaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buying call.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. bet. 6th & 6th
MARION GRIFFIN, ~~
719 Market St., by Call bldg.: tel. Black IMS.
I have for sale 473 lodging-houses. Please call
at my office and get free list. Will furnish
you money If you haven't enough.
CALL and see onr list of bargains In house!" :
we have them in any part of the city and at
any price. ECREKA REAL ESTATE, M
Sixth st.
$S00— 26 ROOMS; fine location: well fumiehed;
all rented; low rent. BAS1LE. 3 Eddy st.
TSICELT furnished »-room house; reasonable;
low rent. 943 Post Bt. —
FOR SALE— A 6-room furnished house; nice
home; rent $25. 1614 Bush St.
$S00 — Bay-window house, 18 rms., pood furniture;
always full: rent $44: bargain. 834 Folsom st
SPiniTUALIS3I. ~
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
cne you will marry; the only medium In the
world so »ure of his occult power that he
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 13S2 Market st.. op. 7th.
AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Karnham. th«
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths*,
unites the separated; mining* a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters answeredl
Resld.<no signs). e» Ed.dy. bet. Hyde. Larkln.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meeting.
S p. m., 10c; bring sealed Questions. 805 Lar-
kin Ft.: hrs. lto 6. except Wed. and Sat;
diagnosis free Friday.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings. $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Goug-h. Ellis car.
MEETING Tues.. Wed.. 1238 Howard: Thurs.,
117 Larkin. In Scottish HalL Mrs. Maxwell,
Wren. Hokln.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night 8:13; sittings
10 to 4. 1809 Stockton Ft., near Greenwich.
SWAN'S developing test circle to-night. 613
Jones st; admieslon 25c.
GO to Mansey. gypsy medium: scientific palm-
istry taught: certificate guarntd. 107y Market.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetlo Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 235 McAllister-Mrs. C. 3.
¦ Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-night :in.;.
CLAIRVOVAXTS. .
MME. SANDERS removed from the Vendome,
11C4 Market St.. to 1130 Market Astor House.
Tells you what to do for a living, whom to
marry, unite* the separated, discovers mlnea,
names the winning horses, finds lost prop-
erty, reveals your enemies, tells the past
foretells the future, elves lucky numbers,
legTl advice, teaches mind vibration, / brings
you into mental communication with 'friends
at a distance, reads your hands, head and
innermost thoughts, dispels the blues, drives
away melancholy ami gladdens every heart
Call to-day If possible. Ten questions an-
swered by mall /or Jl. Antor Hou-e. HSO
Market «., room* 1, .2 and 3.
MME. M. BERNARD, ~~ ~~~~*"
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third «t.. next Kxamlner bldg.
fihe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business trouble., consult thla
great medium end you wK«. be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1S06 Mar-
ket it., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23
and ?6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
Rhlet with special terms. Dally nnd Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the . great clairvoyant,'- tells
past and future; never falls; has the great-
est Egyptian secret; shows picture of future
husband or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 216H. Sixth . st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
. diagnoses disease with life reading; ladie^SOc.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60. 1?6 Turk.
ISMAR. the Kryptlan gypsy.'., clairvoyant and'
palmirt. permanently located 1148 Market; op.
«th: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to & p. m.
VIRGINIA.. clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life: » business, love.- mining, jaw-
«ults. 2*H Kearny. r. 5. C; hrs 10 to if. 1 to 7.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant. -card reader.
test medium; gc up. 472 Stevensonist.cor.Cth.
—ME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; p*»t.
present future; gc. 148 Sixth «t.; room 14. .
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader, lftth; German ?poken;tel.Howardl846.
MME. ZERKDA, the gypsy, is the rreat palm-
ist and card reader. 25c 7 Seventh 'St.
MME. 8CHAFFER. clali»oyanf card reader,
fitting* daily. 4>W JeMile rt.. h*t. Kth t & 6th,
MM75. AUGUST.' clairvoyant, card reader and
rmlmlrtry: tj-jth or no |my: tSr. 1149 Mission.
MMK .,; RAVENNA. read« life fluently: bti«tr.ess
>M»«' n.» M r' «!¦ nn." K F'wrtVgt.
CHIROPODISTS. 7 , \
CORNS/ bunions. Ingrown rail*.: wart*, chil-
blain*: r*fn>«* eare.'.JV. • Dun^nTMU Sntter. •
r. COLLECTION . OFFICES. ~
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Ageno— No charge un-
less successful, : Iloom ; 310. f:7 ? Market it
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194.
I O O. F., Will have ir-.Uiatlnn f?£ZiSfS~
et candidate* THIS fWEDNES-
DAT) EVENING. March 20.
NICHOLAS TICK. Noble Grand.
MISSION Lodre No. 16?. F. and A. M.— *
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY Jk
EVENING, at 7 o"<!ork. Third decree. TjJ!
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary- ~*^
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. ifiG. F. and A. *
M -Special mertins THIS (WEDNES- JV-
PAT) EVENING. March 20, at ?:50KX
• °' clock - Second d<S ?£ E o. E. SMITH. Sec.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 123. F. and A. •
M.- Third dejre* THIS EVENING. Jf\^
March L' r '. a'. 7 oc!ork Fharp. I?y orSer XX
or the W. M. II. FORTUIEDE. Sec. ' V >
MOUNT MORIAH Ledge No. 44. F. and a
A M.-Me«>t!ng THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING. *t 7:30 o'clock. Third de- 7tJ\
tree. THEO. FEOLICH. See. ~»r >
Mni3TING STOTIcnS.
HELP WAMKD — FEMALE.
BARBER. with '2 years'- experience wants work
with good man. Box 2449,. Call office. :?
FOR rent — Finert location in OaJcland . to • cpen
rrocery store. UTMAKCE CO.. 4G0 Eighth
HLHCTRIC buslnes* for sale cheap; parties go-
ir.g north* Pox I4S0. Call office. ?
M.ANTNG mill In this city for sale. P. GEIER,
Market end Dolores irta. .
AX active man wanted to take an -interest in
an established olflce commission business with
.a well-known, reliable man; capital required
tTSO. Box 2C0. Call of flee.
FOR SALE— Restaurant: $3^!; cheap rent; Hv
ins rooms. Box £389. Call office.
AX old-established fruit, fish and delicacies
•tore. Address C. M. W.. Vallejo, Cal.
WANTED— Party with JlOOO to $-000; will pay
liberal salary with recared Interest In Alas-
kan business. SOS Call building. S. F.
DBT roods peddling, country route, wagon and
team; big money; owner retiring rich. Cal.
Bus. Ann.. fcC5 Market st. /
PAINTER and paperhanger wants situation;
' flrst-class .workman.".- Aug. .'32J Fremont < sf »
WANTED-^Positlon by , a ~- practical . farmer:
, single; • capable : of taking ; charge of any kind
ofifarra:- Box<2436, Call office. '' :?• r «
COACHMAN." reliable ' man. ". wants ' position ;
flrst-class "horseman; •• driver, care • garden,"
good milker; make himself useful; references.
Box 2427,' Call; office.. : • .¦..-¦• .-.. -¦>•¦:••/ -..-
INDUSTRIOUS ¦"¦ gentleman. German. - sober,
wishes situation to take full charge of a. gen-
tleman's residence or , to attend- an? Invalid;
best : of references.', A.' B., 2132; Flllmore ;»t^,;
A SODER, Industrious married man wants em-
tployment : as . salesman, , solicitor, . collector/
• porter or night • watchman ; 30 * years : In . this
city, v good » reference J and ¦ bond • If i required.
-Address J. A. B./Tmx ; 2489. \ Call office. *v y.'
tZOO— SALOON: best location; near J*— rr.y st.;
business speaks for ttsclf; se!l at sacrifice on
account of departure. Apply LUNDIN &.
CO.. SOS Market et.
FOR sale-Good saloon; Market et.; owner goes
to Germany. Address O. 8.. box 2C03. Call.
ttZv WILL bay a nice little restaurant and
coffe« parlor; rent Jli. paid to April 1. Ap-
ply at 704 Polk et
RR?TAURANT. S» Market et.. near city front;
$700; account other business; rent ttO: re-
ceipts $20 to $30 dally. ;
FIRST-CLASS saloon and liquor store, cheap
at $2000; must be-sold; owner going East; no
agents. Box ?<3S. CaU.
$175— BARGAIN for $171; restaurant for sale
including- 4 rooms, furnished, on account of
¦Icknese: rent SIS. Address 271 Stevenson st.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions -has been ¦ established :• at ; 1036
-Valencia ft. N ¦ ' . ,-¦>¦-.
CLASSIFIED i advertisements and *ubscnpUon»
: received at Call branch ofHce. 2200 Flllmore' «t
MERCHANT tailor business, well established,
for eale cheap. \y. Polk st
WAJCTED — By active man with little capital.
a (rood-paying business; no objection to a
good partner. A. B.. box 2437, Call offlce.
GROCERY and Mquor etore at a bargain-
four «unry living rooms. Corner Clipper
HELP \VAJfTED— — ALE— Con.
FIRST-CLASS ! presser on ¦ vests ; good j wages.
9SC- Mission at. •¦ J '
WANTED— Boy to ride on wagon. Call at 113
O'Farrell st. 8 a. m. . -
WANTED— Experienced ladies* tailor; perma-
nent
YOUNG man: about 20 years old to • cleric in
grocery. Address CaU Agent. Berkeley.
COOK wanted for small boarding-house. 322
Main st. - v -
WANTED — A good wagon blacksmith'*, helper.
318 McAllister st - • '
WANTED— A strong boy 14 years of age. Ap-
ply at 1160 Valencia st. .
WAITER at 19 Powell st
WANTED— Middle-aged single man as nlght-
watchman. Hotel Repeller. 781 Sutter st. >
2-CH AIR barber shop for sale; dolnar - good
business; rent $16. Apply to DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellla st. ¦
BARBER chairs— Two Roken hydraulic slightly
used; cheap. D. STOLTZ. 723 Market at
BARBERS— 3-chalr shop for sale; revolving
chairs; must be sold to-day. 1424 Polk st.
BARBERS; two-chair shop- for sale. 200 Powell
Btreet. - ¦
BOY for general housework.. Box «48. Call.
WANTED at Fresno, 5 flrst-class plasterers:
. wages, 54 per . day. Apply at Patterson
building. Fresno.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
BOY to make himself useful about house.
Box 2448, Call. ¦ -
GOOD barber; steady Job.- Appiy 723 Fourth
st. San Rafael; tel.. Red 15_- __^
WANTED— Ca«h boys, age 14 years an* over.
Apply at HALE BROS., No. 979-9S7 Market
WANTED— Young man to learn cigar making;
4 to 6 weeks required; steady work and good
pay when learned; tuition $25. 24" Fifth st.
WANTED— Trimming cutter on shoes. RO-
SENTHAL. FEDER & CO.. 134 Main st.
FOREMAN : also presser on vests ; J this morn-
lng. H. HILP. 1C8 Battery St.
COATMAKER on custom coats. 927 Market at.
room 721.
FOR sale cheap— Two-chair shop, doing $33 per
week. 384 Sixth st.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach tb«
trade In two months, saving two years:
mailed free. We have no 6c shop in connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with & view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
Beware of any cheap imitations. ' -
CENTRAL Hotel barber shop, San Rafael; 2
chairs; good business; must be sold by
Wednesday, $50; sacrifice; cash or Install-
ments. Reply in person.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up; drummers* sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third..
WANTED— Reliable young man with $30 cash:
$30 month, board; no experience. 490 Fourth.
BARBERS all invited to call and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. "23 Market st.. first floor up.
FIRST-CLASS presjer on coats. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. > ¦_
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st
WANTED— 1C0 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 9S0 Howard st
GET your shoes half-soled wnlle waiting; 23c
to 60c. 563 Mission St. bet 1st and 2d sts.
MEN OR WOMEN
.....Paid Big Commissions
. UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rotkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; . 130 large
rooms; 23c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
tree. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st ;
no barroom chairs used in this college.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. ; 806 Market. * room 40, Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-— The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for malllnir. Jl per year.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. »1O Golden Gate ave.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
. carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
THREE fast road horses; also sonn good
. business horses, at 721 Howard st.
AN A No. ¦ 1 express wagon, single, also light
camplncr wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET. •
A^PRIN^rED^IS^Houses to let; send for cir-
• cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELY .'furnished house, 9 rooms and bath;
- will rent furnished or unfurnished; reason-
able. »tfi25 Post st <
- ¦ LOST AI»P FOUyP.
LOST— Probably on either Geary or Flllmore
st cars, a watch. Tiffany. No. 10,980. with
chatelaine and ornaments attached. A liberal
reward - will be ¦ said for return of same to
101 Mcntcomery st
LOST— 2 female: bulldogs; one Is white, the
other one has a black eye: name on collar.
Lulu Bullar. -Reward at 288 Surrey st. Glen
Park. ¦
LOST— Black leather purse, containing 4 ring*.
two $2 50 pieces and bunch of keys: reward.
162V4 Clara st
LOST— Brown Great Dane. Reward paid by
returning to DELLUOMINI. 301 Hayes st.
LOST— Large green purse, gold trimmings,
on Geary-st. car or corner of Geary and Lar-
1 kin sts.. containing about J32. Liberal reward
If returned to 1020 Geary st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list MRS. HKRTZ. -70B Ellis st
MATTRESSES AND PPHOMTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 782;
to order or renovated, ¦ feather and hall*
steamed; expert carpet cleaning: ' strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st
- , . MINES AXDMIMSQ.. ~
Free Excursion to Puget Sound.
Free i Excursion to Puget Sound
Free Excursion to Puget Sound.
Free , Excursion ' to Puget Sound
Free Excursion to Puget Sound. ' • "**
To the Copper and Coal Properties of
THE MONTEZUMA MINING XOMPANY
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY
THE i MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY*
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY!
• The undersigned .financial agents for the
Montezuma Mining Company have arranged for
an excursion from San Francisco to Tacoma
and Seattle and return over the lines of the
Southern Pacific and Northern Pacific railways.
Excursion will leave San Francisco about June
15 by special train of first-class Pullman sleep-
Ing cars. It will be free to the purchaser of
3000 shares of the company's stock for cash or
oj installments at the current price, or round
trip tickets will be furnished at excursion rates
to; prospective. Investors and the cost thereof
credited on future purchases. Present holders
of, stock may avail themselves of the arrange-
ment last named in case . they do not care to
Increase; their ; holdings. -'
THE ! NEW COAL LANDS.
- Our Mr. Thompson has returned from a vis'f
to the coal lands' near Fairfax. Wash., reeemly
acquired ¦ jointly ¦ by the - Montezuma Mining
Company - and . the " Washington Co-operative
Syndicate/ (See < 8. '¦ F. Chronicle of , March 13.
page 3.) There are a half dozen good veins of
coal on the property, four of them varying from
4V» to 9 feet— nil of superior quality for steam-
ing, i- blacksmith ' and ' coking .- purposes.
' Samples of coal, coke and copper ore at our
office. -; For . further -particulars write for pros-
pectus and circulars. v^SISBWVVHBMMtfrB
Price of the stock, for next two weeks. 8c
cash ' or : 9c on Installments. • The excursion
ticket' la free - under the conditions , noted, as
we wish '¦ every stockholder to see . where and
In what manner his money Is being used.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
'.. ; aBpB—fatMOlftl—Sffl"* 0 ! Selling Agents,
. ¦ .: 310 Safe Deposit bldg... San Francisco.
MINES bought. and nold; also stocks in minea
: and oil companies. .;,*, Prof. ; John- Tilton. rms.
475-478. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.; 10-12; 1-3.
•¦'¦>.' MISCELLANEOUS :.W j A.NTS."~
LIGHT lS-foot rowboat, varnished. , Call'or ad-
..* drees H. F. PERNAU. M3 Clay st. S. F.
TILTON' S misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
- dies*. gent' s clothing. ¦ 154. 9th; tel. Folsom 2322.
SECOND-HAND : steam, gas and electric ma-
chinery wanted. 204 Mission st, near Main.
MEDICAL.
A-RENOWNED specialist; thos« who desire to
obtain resists promptly: ladles only. ™J ¦*»"
ulator has no equal; all claasea of *•"*£
complaints relieved by treatment • u P« 1 ™ r t S
all others; the only treatment that helps t»a
unfortunate; the most obstinate case* aro
Immediately relieved without pain; no otn-[
treament wi:: do this; tne most dlfflctft*
cases treated; scientific methods guaranteeo.
PR G. W. O-PONNELL. 1013 Market, op- ath.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1-3 Market, Udlet*
specialists; 32 years' practice; ail cases treJU"
ed by our wonderful herb remedy: a tre "'
ment superior to any other: perfectly relia-
ble; a positive cure guaranteed at office; pa-
tients treated can return same day; pose
wishing to treat themselves should send for
the Hindoo Herb Home Treatment; perfectly
harmless; consultation free. m
DR. POPPER— Newly improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at my office; for an
female complaints; beware of Imitations; caa
be sent; $7 /years'-' experience. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist ; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment; home for patient*; eon-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. GOOD-WIN, 1033 Market— Private homo
' for patients before and during confinement;
well known; Impllgft confidence: reliable. '
DR. KOHL. ladieV specialist, removed from 997
Market st to 942 Post, bet Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 111S Market at..
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladies' specialist
MISCELLANEOUS FOR . SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
. have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits en one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 102L 1023 Mission it.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue. -
FOR SALE— Six months* scholarship in short-
hand, typewriting and English In California
Business College; cheap. Address box L.
Madera. Cal.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. __^
TYPEWRITERS at any price to closa them
•out: different makes; call early for bargain*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 C— Ufornl— .
FOR sale cheap— One Proutty Job printing
press fixlO chase; $40. H. S. WHITE, Sl«
Mission at.
A— 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 218 California at.
FOR eale cheap— 7 hives bees. 3719 Baker it.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new _ 2d-hand;
- all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 68 Etaonn.
FOR sale at a bargain; fine yacht 32 feet Ions
(complete). W. H. CAMPBELL, Bansallto.
PORTABLEyoven and a Hallwood caah regls-
ter cheap at 1057 Market gt,
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
' figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
FOR sale— Merry-go-round: good, running order.
Address box 63. Oakland P. O.. general office.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine* and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magio lantern goods
bought sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BL'LLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THH
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalT.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MOXEY TO _ LOA5T.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people caa
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 904 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estatM. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. "J ana 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing bustness eUe-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2* Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
• est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store-. SIS Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commlssln; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldsr.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 6S.
3% on furniture and pianos: $13 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy st
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%. undi-
vMed^lnta. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOCSLEY CO.. 3a Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansome St. room 2.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note -without
Indorser.- MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b!r.
3XO.\EY WAXTCD.
WANTED— From private party, the loan of
J2C-00 on Improved real estate, near Golden
Gate Park: good security. Box 25S9. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY peraon having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlms
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$S per month. We effer to sell sam« good
plane* at $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco-
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land.
WE have a. few real bargains to offer to-day
some good squares at $73 and upward; a, nn«
second-band Decker & Son upright and any
number of new Deckers, Packards, Smith, &
Barnes and Baumelsters at low prices. I;
you want to pay cash we will accommodate
you, and If you prefer payments you'll nnd
us Just us willing. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO
769 Market St. ¦ *
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 24.
28 and 30 O'Farrell ic; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of alt. grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done U> please and satisfy. ta»
customer.
A STORAGE auction piano sale; II fine pianos.
Just removed from storage room and placed
on sale; offers wanted to force. them out.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 170< Market st
ITALIAN walnut upright piano; also furni-
ture; sacrifice; leaving city. 334 Golden
Gats ave. _
60 UPRIGHTS, all makes. $75 up; rented and
rent allowed; Halle t & Davis agency. HEINE
A FEW new pianos for $150; second-
hapd from $30. BENJ CURTAZ _ 8ON
is O'Farrell st Chlckerlng and Vose agency.
|7 fT-f II 5^, Hallet Davts : co»t $800; for sale on
$j Instalments. 1419 Post street
SMALL upright piano for sale; In good eondl-
tion. 158 Second at. San Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2208 Flllmore st
A BARGAIN; good upright piano; guaranteed
. for 5 years. Call 18 Bartlett at.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Steinway.
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BIGGEST ' bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be >iold. 301 Jones at.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. «? Post.
B «£££!£,T Mu8t be 80ld « nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllMter st.. next HIb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand uprterht cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORXUNO. 216 . McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauiy. Gabler and Sp*llman plano». 308 Post
AT.KEEFKE'S. K3 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonmger agencyT
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H*
MULLER, maker, repairer. 1 Latham pUw.'
. PALMISTRY".
— V-:-, „-.,-„-.,-,„ .,_,. ¦-.._.
MMK. VEIXJREVFRANCAISBlvIuVrmiVed*
palmistry, readings. 847 Howard st., TO>
H^ JEROME FOSSELU. aclentlflc palmist. »ti
Taylor.*., bet. Geary and P<«;.trt^7kMf^
_^0FPICE5 AND STORES TO : LET.
E c,a el .Srnea%^
go3fe££ On8 ° f . frOnt W -™?V£tt
WANTED — A pober industrious man aa part-
ner In butchering business; not necessary to
understand the business; no agents. SCSS
Sixteenth at. '
THE greatert chance ot a lifetime; $250 cash
will get you an Interest In the best proposi-
tion ever offered; perfectly legitimate. For
full particulars adir**» box 2434. Call office.
A— ?2Cfl; PARTNER wanted; light business; $18
to $25 a week each; no experience required;
trial given. S3 Geary «t. room I.
$2S<V— BARBER chop; 3 chairs: established 25
yearn: cheap rent; ruupt be eold at once on
account of elckneys. M. LESS, 7C5 Market.
200 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars.
3"0 candy and Iokt earn etores. 600 restaurants.
<O3 stores of all kinds; partners wasted;
Parties with $100 up can be suited.
WALTER HAYES _ CO.. E38 Market it.
$3iO— Corner saloon; bargain; sickness cause of
ral*. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. TT7H Market st
FMAI.L restaurant for eale. cheap: doing a
pcod business. MCLAUGHLIN. 777^ Market.
grrs-CIGAR stand near Market; bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN _ CO., 7774 Market st
ttfiO— BOARDING-HOUSE, 24 rooms and bar; SO
good boarders: one of the best raying houses
in the city and the greatest bargain ever of-
fered for saJe; will clear \J1SO to $200 per
month: must sell this week, as the owner has
• other businws to attend to In the country-
Business Board of Trade. S26 Pine et., op-
posite San Francisco Stock Exchange.
A— $750; CORNER grocery and bar; northern
rart of city; death of owner cause of sale; a
rood business for man and wife. Call H. G.
WILKE. SC^ Kearny st. , •
A— $200; STATIONERY etore: 2 living rooms;
rent $10; good business for man and wife.
CaU R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny st
A— $I2S0.- CORNER grocery and bar on Cali-
fornia st.: choicest location in this city; good
paying place: clesn stock; good fixtures. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— $300; CIGAR stand: rent $10; dally receipts
$12; located dose to Palace Hotel. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2S»* Kearny ct.
A— $1000: SALOON close to Palace Hotel; net
rent $37 50; old established: well paying: ele-
gnnt fixtures: about $300 stock on hand; a
fplendld chance. R. G. WILKE. SCVj Kearny.
>-$1000; CHOPHOUSE and restaurant on
Davis et. ; kept by present owner 7 yearn a
first-class paving business. Call. R» G.
WILKE. 26-i Kearay eu
A— $K0; PLUMBING shop: establlFhed many
years and doing a flret-claj's paying buxiness;
rent $22 50; location best: business -treet.
Western Add. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.' S.. Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT :...
2 waitresses,', watering resort $25, free fare
2 waitresses, Salinas ..........; $22 50
Waitress, ; Menlo Park ........... . . : $20
2 waitresses, Los Angeles ...... ?25, free fare
5 waitresses, city ..............................$20
2 chambermaids to wait, same house, city. $20
Chambermaid to wait,- small sanitarium. .$20
2 waitresses, restaurant
...:... '..."..:..... ....$6 a week, no, Sunday work
2 starch Ironers $150 a day
Mangier ...................'. .$20 month
........:. FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Housekeeper, see party here, $15;' housekeep-
er. 4 men, $20; good plain cook for a small
family. $25 to start; second girls, 1 nurseglrls,
housegirls. cooks
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. ...Phone Main 1375
......HOTEL DEPARTMENT............
2 waitresses, first-clasji hotel, $23, fare paid;
waitress, commercial station, '. $22 60, fare
paid;' 2 waitresses. Hclllster. chambermaid
same place, • $20 eacTi, fare paid, see party
here; 15 waitresses, different city and coun-
try hotels, $20, many fares paid; 5 chamber-
maids to watt. $20; chambermaid, $20,
1FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 house sirls, small families. $25; 10 house
girls, $20; 10 young girls to assist, $12 to $15.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 333 Geary st. ..
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses, city and country hotels, $20.
GIRLS wanted: light work: good pay. MITCH-
ELL & GOODALL, '310 Washington st
WANTED— Young lady stenographer and type- .
writer for lawyer's office; good • salary ; per- '
manent position; must be accurate; state ex-
,. perience. • Address J. S. L., box 204, . Call. ,
WANTED— First-class salesladies for fancy
good department: also lace and embroidery
..department: state experience and reference.
. Box ; 2424, Call office. , *;
WANTED-^A ; young girl to assist in house-
'work; wages $13. 539 San Bruno ave.,' corner
' of Eighteenth st. :-.•; .
WANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for instruction. Standard
» Shirt Factory. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Reliable girl with ref erence, for
. house v.-ork; small family; $20; call this morn-
, ing. 90S Devisadoro «t.
WANTED— Girl for ; light . housework; good
homo; German preferred.- . Call IMS Clay st,
cor. Larkln. ¦• ¦•_ -\ •.'. . .
LADY, partner with JICO; manufacturing «pe-
. clalty business; fine paying bus. Call bet. 10
a. in. & 12 m. Room 423. Emma Spreckels bid.
WANTED— Two salesgirls for < millinery and
two makers. Apply- at once, millinery de-
partment, Emporium. - •:, -
LADY" for Might housework and -care of- 2
children. ' R ATNER. -12 , • Geary court, '' be-
tween Jones and Lnavenworth sts.-. - : -
SEWERS for : cording, sunbonnets, scoops,'
skirts, etc. ; • take - work . home. H. FRIE-
.-¦• LANDER, .338 Fell St.
PANTS -' finishers : wanted by:8,: N. WOOD . &
CO. Apply at factory/ 27 Geary st.\
WOMAN of fair education by wholesale house.
Box 242S, ' Call office. - .
QUICK.! operator, on pants. MAJOR CON-
WAY. _79^Flood building.
¦ : AMATEUR singers [ wanted. I Apply at I Chutes
at 6 - o'clock ;. this eveuinr. • ¦¦¦¦ '¦'
WANTED —> First-class , vest : maker, steady
work, at 913% Howard st. ,
PANTS . good • wages; steady work.
HENRY HILP, 106 * Battery at ? - ' . — .
WANTED— Girl for ' housework. 839H Clemen-
tlna'st. V "
..WAITRESS ';-. wanted. 626 Howard st; near
•'First. ¦ ' - :..-;'•; .: ¦;'¦ ¦.: -,:¦'¦¦ ¦:'.¦:: ¦ ¦¦
WOaiAN y for i light housework; 2 persons; ¦ no
,.., washlny.K 744 , Fulton • st;, upper, flat. .
GIRL about 16; light hcusework and assist with
-child; sleep home.:; 110 Franklin St.; ; v
WANTED— Trimmer, saleslady and maker; city
-;¦ experience/' MRS. 8. R.; HALL, 10 Kearny st. :
'A? GIRL" for * general.'. housework; wages '$25.
Apply. 421rAshbury ; St. *: *
WANTED— First-class 'finisher on pants; hlgh- :
» est pay j and7 steady^ work. y 104- Kearny; st. ¦¦-':
GIRL ; for ." general . : housework ; . plain '•¦ cooking;
'small family ;-. wages 115.--; 1401A Scott St.". •-: -
NEAT * girl In f small " family " of 2; i to ; sleep at
yhomelf desired. Ellis st. . , ;
WANTED— Girl for second . work V and waiting..
.'Apply ¦ 2440 Pacific ' ave.T|g|Bi!!g_agBH8«SMWM— _i;
WANTED— A , young girl i to . do ? general house-
: work ; need ; not cook. '- 1831 i Eddy ; st. ' . ¦ '<
WANTBD-^Glrl ¦ to '. do plain sewing :'-af the
¦ . Golden \Weat > Hotel. 1 ? 68-76 -Ellis i at. -,. . .
WANTED— Young : lady ; to ¦ take '¦ charge ; out • of
.; town eatabllghment.*j Address box 2426,^ Call. '¦ : 4
. GIRL" for.' housework; 10 to : 4:80; ? car ! faro one
airty;; $3. ¦-- 1SU 1 Baker at.V - V - -v -^> j .;' :-..¦¦> '., ;
WANTED at 825 Guerrero st, a competent girl
i to ¦ do general ; housework. . • • , ¦
WANTED^-Firsticlasa waist. ; aklrt - and { coat
hands. . Apply 1200 G«ary BtX' after 7 ; p.:m.v,.
OPERATORS | en shirts I and ¦ overall; inexperi-
: enced \ Instructed, g 410 ; Mission st. .^ .- >-¦ :
GOOD i finisher 5 on ' coats ; good wages ; steady
' .work, k Apply 1 251 ¦ Eighth ¦ st , ; Oakland. ; Cal. - ;
GIRL" for ? cooking ¦ and general : housework. -• 2
: in family.- $20. • 2599 Howard st. • " ; ••
>— 51500: COP.NER barroom on Third et. close
to Call bldg. ; an old-estbl. and flrst-class
paying place; sickness of owner only cause
of e_le. CaJl R. G. WILKE. 264 Keany «t.
A— SHOO; BAZAAR, stationery, notions, toys,
cigars, etc.: stock will invoice the price: best
corner in the Mission. Call R. G. WILKE.
26Vi Ketrny 6t.
A— $400; BRANCH bakery and stationery; rent
$20; S living rooms; daily receipts $12. Call
R. G. WILKE. 56H Kearny st.
A— <300; RESTAURANT on Sansome St.; rent
tl%: good raying. R. G. WILKE. Wi Kearny.
A RARE chance — Old-e«tab. flower store with
nursery, including hothouses, boiler, horsea.
wagons, plants and trees of all description;
location heart of the city: e5tab. 8 years: a
first-class, paying establishment; lease. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $650— CORNER grocery and bar; rent $12: a
fine business and choica location in the MIs-
plon; splendid ehow for rr.an and wife. Call
R, G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
nt'SIMCSS CHANCES.
WANTED— Flrst-class buttonhole maker on
;,;¦ coats.' i- 135H Natoma, . near New. Montgomery.
WANTED^-Elderly lady to - take care of alck
\ lady ; : German preferred. . 112 Langton it.,
MIDDLE-AGED woman; good cook; family 2.
Call between 12 and 3, 1280 McAllister st
WANTED— A girl for general housework.
27OOA Twenty-fourth at.
WANTED— Girl - for general housework; wages
: $20. -.:,: Apply S14 ' Devlsadero ¦ st.
APPRENTICE' on coats; wages paid while
learning. H. DAVIS. 110 Rusa Bt
PAPER BOX FACTORY; experienced girls.
Western : Paper Box Co.. 30 Fremont st
PANTS J finishers; » steady work: ,- 858 Howard
St., bet. Fourth and ¦ Fifth, * handball , court
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
623 . Halght . St. '..'.'-
WANTED— Improvers on skirts. 796 Sutter
. street.
BUTTON-HOLE maker; finisher; apprentice.
paid while learning. 609 Kerny st. room 2.
WANTED — A woman to cook and wash flan-
nels in family of 4; references required. Ap-
ply at 1264 , Fourteenth St.. West Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed. : BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. : ' , -
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
four, In family. -2130 -Sutter sf
FINISHER wanted on ' custom coats. Apply
1S6 Shipley . st , - near • Fifth ; . permanent emp.
YOUNoTlady for ; candy I store ; must \ assist In
. factory. - Address, box 2452, ¦' Call office.
GIRLS .wanted; bookblndery. 636 Clay et
OPERATORS on : ladles' underwear to work
In ' factory. 723 Market at, room 35. -
APPRENTICES . to . learn tailoring! 541 Mar-
ket Bt. "¦ - ; . .' . :¦ ¦ . ¦ -,. . )-¦
FIRST-CLASS, finishers on coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
FIRST-CLASS ' operators on pants; steady
work ; good ¦ pay. 641 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R: HjCSs^^COysZZ7^mlieei^Bt.
...............RAILROAD WORK
Free Fare. .rrr... '.Ship Dally.... Free Fare
Gang of laborers for ballasting track, S. P.
Company work, Los Angeles, and Santa Bar-
bara Divisions $1 75
Gang of drillers ¦ for big tunnel at Chats-
worth Park, Los Angeles Co. ........ .$3 to J2 GO
Gang of men for all around R. R. work, on
- Cal. and Northwestern Ry, at Uklah $2
Free Fare Ship Daily.... Free Fare
Engineer and electrician, .country, $40 and
board; 2 blacksmiths, country, $40 and $45; 2
carpenters. $3 to $3 50; 3 Swiss milkers, $26
and board: gardener, private place, . $25; gar-
dener,, country hotel, $25; man and wife, small
ranch, $25; young man. to cut meat and drive
butcher wagon, wages $8 to $10 a week; 20
woodchoppers. $1 50 a cord.. '.
;.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...
6 waiters, restaurant, south, $11 a week, fare
¦paid; 3 Frenchor Italian waiters, south, $45
and fare paid; "6 hotel waiters, $30 and $35;
fry cook, $65; second cook. $60; 2' neat young
lunch counter men. R. R. eating-house, $25
and free fare, -see party here; 10 cooks, $30 to
$55; 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20 to
• $30; marker and distributor, $40; night clerk,
country, hotel, $25; houseman, country hotel,
$25; 6 bellboys. $10 to $17 50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO .....104 Geary st
AN electrician for a plant at a R. R. tunnel,
¦ $40 and • board, free fare, see ¦ boss here to-
. day.: C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary nt
A— WANTED— This morning at 7:30, with blan-
kets ready to start on train. 10 men for bal-
lasting track. S. P. Company work, free fare.
C.R. HANSEN & CO .......104 Geary st.
A— WANTED .;..
, We pay fare both ways and return fees If you
• do not get work; no other office does it.
Blacksmith for vineyard ....$40 and found
3 milkers, same ranch. ...... .....$35 and found
•cheesemaker and run separator.. $30 and found
2 hostlers for stables ....$30. and found
driver, for liquor house.....'....'. $45
driver and care horses, country butcher.......
¦- :...'..~.'.:T........ ;...- ; $25 and found
. 6 plow teamsters $26
6 farm hands ............:..; :...$25 and $20
single hang! miner ;$2 a day
coopers. -country $35 and found
orchard hand' $25
lunch cook .'.....'..;;.. $33
hotel waiters, city ....'.... $25 and $30
kitchen hand ...r.."... ;..... .".$30
. These are only a few: come and read our
bulletin board. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN 6S4S
- ..Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
White male help: of all kinds furnished.
FREE OF CHARGE TO •
'¦:/ '¦ Every Employer of Help.
No syndicate too large, no firm too small for
us to supply. No objection to distance. We
¦hip good, help to all parts of ! the world.
Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, write
- or call In person and procure -your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We gave employment
In 1897 to upward of 17,000 men.
In 1S9S to upward of 19,000 men.
In 1SS9 to upward of 21.000 men.
In ¦ 1900 to upward of 35.000 men.
HELP WANTING WORK— Hundreds
Of places awaiting. your selection.
COME READ our BULLETIN . BOARDS.
1 •-• MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY,. 69 Third st, phone
Red 31— 3 men for all around ranch work, $1
per day and board; 2 more men for quarry,
$1 73. board where you please: 2 men for fertil-
izing company, , $25 and found; man to wash
wagons, $40; waiter, restaurant, $30; gang of
men for mill and woods, $26 _ bd.; tiemakers.
MAN and wife to tend private place and keep
house for one man, $30: see party here, 9 a. m
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
3 bellboys. $10 and $12; waiters, near city, $30.
CARPENTERS, non-union;, no office fees.- Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st'
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union— «
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel.. Folsom 1£S3. I. LESS, Secretary.
WANTED "for U. S.I Army— Able-bodied un-
- married men between ages of 21 *nd 35; dtl-
tens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English.- Recruits specially desired for
service in Philippines. - For information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery
, st, San Francisco, Cal. •
SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by sam-
ple, to wholesale and retail trade; we are the
largest and only manufacturers In our line
In the ' world ; liberal salary paid. . Address
. CAN-DEX MFG. CO.. Savannah. Ga.
J FIRST-CLASS coatmaker ! to work inside by
I the week; steady work. ROSENBLUM &
| . ABRAHAM, 1103 Market st.
STRONG boy wanted to keep store clean; hours
. 7 8. m.to 8 p. m. ; wagres $5 per week;- state
• where previously employed. ... Box 2441, Call.
GENERAL compositor for printing office; two-
thlrder; also straight matter hands. PERNAU
BROS.. £43 Clay st . -. ? .-.
WANTED— Boy for light service; 15 to 18 years
old; must be dressed ceatlyA Apply Baltimore
Hotel, Van ; Ness ave. f
WANTED — Steady man; light Indoor work; will
"¦¦ pay $75 per month to start; steady place; must
-, have. $200; READ ; & CO., 1007% Market st
WANTED— Young man to do locksmithlng and
electrical repairing. KNOWLES _ KEN-
NEDY. 2000 Flllmore at -X :...;.;
BARBER; young man. Lurllne Baths, north-
> \ west ' corner Bush and Larkln sts. ; apply
after 9: o'clock.; .' v •-..;¦
WANTED— 1000 • men to try the best 10c and
' • 15c meals in ¦ the city at 410 Kearny st. The
Maine Restaurant. '¦•>•..
CASH boys wanted.- S.N. WOOD _ CO.. 718-
722 Market st. V r ;
BUSHELM AN wanted. ¦ Apply S. N.- WOOD
& CO.. 718 Market st. ¦ ., .
BOY wanted. ROSENBLUM ' & ABRAHAM,
i 1103 Market st.,.:. ."; \
TAILORS wanted ; by r S. •: N. WOOD & s CO. ;
¦ good wages. Apply at factory. 27 Geary. st
BUSHELMAN. S. MICHAEL, ¦ 117 , Leldesdorff
;-!- ¦treet. 1 ;.*"...;.' -¦¦."¦'.;¦•;..•.-¦¦•: --:.- : ..-¦ . ~ ". ". .--.
TAILOR'S • bushelman wanted at once.' HEN-
RY HILP.i 106 Battery si;.-.
GOOD * barber :. from Wednesday to Sunday;
¦ good ; wages ; good Job. 1104 Flllmore st-.-..
GOOD ;. barber - for ¦ evenings 4 and Sunday; , 15c
.. : shop. "-. 2007 Mission St., . corner Sixteenth. .
BARBER wanted atl 2809 Greenwich st.
• WANTED— A' flrst-class home bread baker; ref-"
. erences.'*; 1217 Valencia st. -SSSSBSSCjHS&aSSgQ
MAN.' to j run -barber • shop; . German. ' Sixteenth
•and: Market sts.' ..-
WANTED— Good coat and vest maker.' N. PER-
'• SICO,' 3310 Misaion- sf ¦,..¦' ;
YOUNG man to wait at table; small place; $20
?:, to $25 and found. '700 Mission st/ ' .-;¦
WANTED — Cook." : •« email "boarding-house. 32
.':-. Bteuart st; ; city. ¦'..¦'¦¦- ...... -.
¦¦WANTED^-Boy 'for "grocery. '435 Third f st
WANTED-A 1 good s: sober .' night • cook h at • S04
-.». Mason isf;: wages ;$S 5 a, week.". --<¦¦. - :•.--. ¦"¦'i,;.. ».- -.
BARBER >? wants J location";- one-chair vbarber
.-',: shop,"; small V. couritty, h town." Address x BAR-
¦ BER., box i 1444, -Call. 5 /.;.::: ;•'. t . ; ., . ;
WANTED— Man S with - small : capital , in ' paying
-- ; business; . no .: night \or < Sunday ¦ work; ¦ expe-
; rience not necessary. LESS, 765 Market st '
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
CH AS.. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
\ pianos, etc. 1135 Market st; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
¦ etc. see W.E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
L. fi. CLARK. Emma Sprockets bldg.. 9C7 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation fref: no fees In advance.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture lei. Folsom
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. Ji7 Market et.. opp. Mason
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.; see J, A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
specialty. Mill* big., r. R. 4th flr. ; tel. Red 361S.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.1305 Larkln: tel.PoIk 694;
furniture <V furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
FURNITURE WANTED.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections; damages; es-
tates; mining; open even. 692 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; divorce law a epeclalty; private;
no fee without euccess; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. &X) Market, cor. Stocktn.
•U"frNITURE, etc!, 4 rooms, cheap. Call this
morning, 8% Langton st.
ATTORNEYS AT _A\V.
PliniKITURE FOR SALE.*,
4^ROOMS furnished In "oak $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
THREE, to five handsomely and completely
furnished . rooms for housekeeping; all mod-
ern conveniences; pleasant surroundings;
very desirable. 129 Liberty st. .-
FLATS TO JLEX FUKNlsUSU
SACRAMENTO, 1261— Flat of 3 rooms; sep-
urate entrance: rent $12 60. : ' ' ¦
$11— UPPER fiat, 3 large sunny rooms, base-
'ment. 123 San Jose ave.. between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth sts. • ' .
FLATS TO LET.
. : ..-: : i X -FEATHER ; PHLOWg.//- ;,
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and' renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
VK.ATVtW.n PVArTORY. 244 Ptevensnn St. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ELECTRICIAN wants position to run isolated
plant; moderate wages; city or country. Ad-
dress J.. 615 Larkln st.
P.Y young, man just- from- Ohio; '.willing. to do
1 any honorable work; good penman." ' Box
2446, Call office. ; ..:- .
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper, or stenog-
rapher: 8. years', experience; 'references. - Ad-
' dress box 2450, Call office. 1!3^S5S38S®8H
MIDDLE-AGED, man would like to have a
¦place, as Janitor,' porter or houseman:* good
.... recommendation. '. Address , box.' 2451. -Call.
MARRIED man < wishes position as .choreman
on farm, or private- residence; can milk and
; understands ; horses. Box : 2203, Call," Oakland.
ELDERLY man wants situation as gardener.
I skillful with cafe and management of horses,
etc.; wages moderate; flrst-class references.
Gardener, box 2442, Call office. >- . •
CARPET BEATIXG; AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor wont
send' to SPAULDIKQ'S Pioneer; Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-857 Tehama st. ; tel. .South 40.
CITY Btearn' Carpet-Beating * Works., 'G. ? H.
STEVENS, ¦ mgr.r 3S-40 ; 8th - Bt. ; tel." South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at Cc per yard.- laid at 6c
- STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jesale 944. .
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works>833 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. ' ;
COTTAGES TO LET.
WANTED— A good tenant during the ¦ summer
to rent a nice sunny cottage of 6 rooms fur-
.nished coniplete., piano; nice sunny yard;
chickens. Box 2435. Call of floe. ' :
DRESSMAKERS A>D SEAMSTRESSES
OPENING day ppring milllnerj' of McDowell
School. Friday. March 22. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor _ Moffatt.
.DENTISTS. :
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC^ 809 Ma> ,
ket St., cor, -4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: " gold crowns.
S3 GO up; plates.* extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings, by; my
wonderful secret, painless method ; < SO years'
experience; no students; advice free;. prices
cheapest' and guaranteed;' lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 OTarrell St. [ *
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns,' S3 50; filling*.
!¦•<•; plates, $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth,
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting - when plates are
.made; old plates made over, like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
THE New York'Dentlsts have moved to 969
Mission st, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, COc. < .
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of. teeth. $4; crowns. $3- > /fllllngs. 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Paln-
- less extraction 60c;plat*s $3 up ;p hone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In , Murphy bldg.". '
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and -Sun-
days. . 1001 Market st, corner Sixth. .¦> :
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
' YOUNG. 1341 Polk St. '
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
and evening; SS per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions se-
cured for graduates: catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Fhorthnnd, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
yhcrthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50: catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st..
P. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, teleeratihy. English branches, civil,
I electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
' and night sessions: new 80-page catalogue, fre«.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and /hedlcal
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.?
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has po«l-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 30T> Larkln «t.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, asray, cyanide: day. eve.; est. IS**. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City. Hall.
A FULL "course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Buslne?? College. 1230 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeDin*: figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
| MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typlrg. removed to new . quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldsr. : Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
FRKNCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of Lar,guages,3a)Post-.e8tab'd !S71:abU^t profs.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin.
guitar: experienced.. >100S Mlrglon sf
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping. gAmmar, writing,
etc.: day or «*ve. : 13 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. fith..
ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S - DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nlgV.t rla>«. 424 Pine st
" EMPLOYMENT. OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help: Fend men at short
notice. 1123 Sutter. nr. Polk: tel. Larkin 239L
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 411 Post St.; tel. Bush 133.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. £44 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ-
ment: all kinds help. 104S Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main S188.
'ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
i
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office—
Best help. S26. O'Farrell st; tel. Hyde 2191. '
CHINESE and Japanese ' employment* office —
Best help. 4im O'Farrell st: tel. East 426.
KMPLOYSIENT WANTED- -FEMALE.
AN elderly experienced woman wishes situa-
tion; good cook; would assist in' housework;
city or across the bay: car fare expected.
Call 334 Turk st, near Hyde.
SWEDISH girl would like to do light house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15. Please
call at 4C9 Fifth st
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class, goes
out by the day; can make a suit in one day.
1132 Polk St. '¦ . ...:¦¦¦•-..¦
BY a middle-aged woman, housekeeping or
chamber work: would like to go*north; i no
trlfier. MISS B.. 28 Seventh st, room 25. •
A SITUATION wanted by a woman to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; would go a
short distance In the country. 1236 Bush st.
WOMAN wishes . situation: Is 'a flrst-class
' cook; will do washing; city or country. t30
Bush St.
RELIABLE ¦ woman wishes. work by thzday;
'good laundress; , $1 CO per day; references.
Addrcf MRS.C..-525 FxUton st.' ¦ -
FIRST-CLASS stenographer and typewriter
would like position; salary $10 a week. Ad-
dress box 2440. Call. f .
RESPECTABLE lady; good cook, wishes to fill
a place as housekeeper. Please call between
1-3 at 68-76 Ellis st, room 53. .
WOMAN wants work by. the day, - washing
. and hou^e cleaning, $1 per day and car fare.
Apply 29 Lily ave. ','.-. ' ' : . •
TWO , girls would like ": situations in 6ame •
house; chambermaid and care of baby. .; 3426
Seventeenth . st. • .
TOUNG woman wishes" work ' by the day of.
any kind. . Cair or write 1335 . Stevenson St..
LADY- compositor wishes a position. Address
MISS C, 1204 Mission st. .,---¦. -
WANTED — Dy - middle-aged woman, > light
housework and. sleep home. Apply 31 Fulton.
GERMAN woman would like to do housework
for German family; good . laundress; • wages
. f20 to $25. Box 25S». Call office. -¦.¦..-'
LADY • waitress wants lunch or • dinner work.
Call. or address 103 Eighth st.
A GERMAN woman wishes to do ; housework,
small washing ¦ or cooking - by the s day. .Ad-
dress 6O9V4 Natoma st. . • ;- . . .
DRESSMAKER Just. arrived from New York
wishes: engagement • In family by- the : day.;
• $1 60. Apply to Dressmaker, ' SC8 1 Mission ' st.
YOUNG lady from the East wishes a position
as housekeeper . or dressmaker • In a ¦ refined
family. 1173 East Fifteenth 'st.,' Oakland.
WINCH ESTER House. 44 < Third st.",: near . Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 GO per nltrht: Jl 60 to 16
.week; . convenient and respectable; , free 'bus
• and baggage to and from ferry. '*•""*¦
WANTED— By a retiring hotel-keeper, aged
40. a situation ¦ as interpreter in a hotel on
¦the Pacific Coast; speaks all languages) best
of references. Sterling, care U. S. Consulate,
Shanghai.
MIDDLE-AGED ! man wants situation ; as ba-
ker. In small shop or . institution; city* or
; country. Address J. 8., C31 Sacramento st.
YOUNG man; stenographer and typewriter and
; general office work; good at figures; ¦¦ city or
country;. moderate salary. Box 2582, Call.
BC6I5TESS OFFICE cZ The San Francises
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every eight la the year.
ERA1CCII OFFICES-^; Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until 3:30 p. m.
200 Haves etreet: cpen until J:30 p. m.
rzs McAllister etreet; open until t:30 p. m.
tH Larkln etreet; cpen until 3:S0 p. m.
JS41 Mission Btreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; cpen
ur.tll > p. m.
I?6 Eleventh etreet: cpen untn 9 p. tn.
ini Valencia street; open until D p. m.
Northwest corner Twer.ty-tteond and Ken-
tnrkv ftreet«: OT>»n until * p. m.
iAJT FRA>XISCO CALL.HOTEL ABKIVALS.
" PALACE HOTEL.
OH Doran. Chicago | M Pierce. N H
Miss A S RlgKs," Wash "A Pierce, N H
Miss J R RIkks & M Bettlns. Byron
maid. Wash * W. J Wiley. P Alto
W H Lamb, Sta Cruz c N Yerlngton & w,
L McCreery, Cal : Carson
H Raymond, Napa A E>ouela«u& w, Ohio
J E McDonald, U S N D C Perclval, Boston
E Chambers, Los Ang F W Miller, Lou Ang
C H Marnharn, Portld HP Smith, Boston,
R WHersey & w, Cal D R May.& w. 8 Lake
0 Payson A w. Chic W H Montague, Ham-
Mrs C W -AValdron.Cal llton • . .
G E Newlay &. w. Mo Mrs W P Mills. Mont
R'S Pontefix, Mo . TW ; Gentry. Cal .
E C Wills, Boston ' F Paasmore, Sydney
Mrs L C Wills, Miss, E R Graham. Bakersfd
Miss M B Wills, Misa Mrs A P. Booth, Sac
L Scheuer 4: -w, N J Mn C McClatchy. "Sao
Mrs B B Niels, Ohio 8 P Spiers, San Jose
Miss T Niels, Ohio J W Schonmaker, N Y
R P McJohnston & w, CC .Wilson, Chicago
NT QR Hill. Chicago
K H Stevens & w. N T C> O Foster & w. Chic
Dr J D Duncan, Pa -¦ ' J- V Bell, • N Y -
T B Hasdln & w, Seatt'Mrs A L Coleman, NY
Mrs J M Haslett, N Y IH P Bally. , Phila *
NA Youns & d, Ohio JW-R Green. Chicago
J DBrlon & w,-. Conn I Mrs H Tod.' Chicago
Miss KR Bowers. NYiWF N Dav]»,4 tv,
Mrs K Gibba, NY Miah ,
AT Leon, "Chicago FN Davis, Mich
J S McElwaln & ,w, Miss A T.Gordon.Mlch
Chlcaco - •' Miss B ' Johnson, Mich
J-. A<Ober & y. N H -:
• . ¦ . GRAND HOTEL..; .
PS. Tracer. Placervl '¦ J Hart, St Louis .
C 8 Pierce, Fresno N Laughlin, Cal -
K '¦' Stahlgen, .' Keswlck E . R Gift ord. Auburn
T Reran, Boise- . • DGray 4 w, Utah :
F Flanagan, • Auburn HA Wright, L Ang
M • L i ' Mcry, Chico P High. " Sacto"
H A Wright,' Stockton Mrs , J Palin, Mich
E Thompson, ' Chicago Mrs W; Palin.' Mich
J F Stone,*. L Ang - ' XV Mulr, T Sacto
T H Hayden, ; L ' An* W V Miller, Cal ,
1 L Clark. L,Ang O W Hack,. L Ang
Q McElfresh L Ang J ; Glenn. ; Stockton .
J B:Chinn. J Portervllle H B.Jones.^L Anjr .
Mrs Finch & d. Minn M . Sayre & w. Cal.
N^Clapp & wrMlnn, ' Mrs MarUn, Cal ¦ •:•:
n Pon'tif ex,' ¦: Minn ABWare.. B Rosa
J R Strang. & w,;N Y J i Steves, - St ; Helena
H -J'Furley, • Sacto -'¦',. h Simpson & w. Ind
M L Britten;' Sacto " Mrs Simpson, Ind
A Kenny, • Sacto '-- ; P>'Johnson. Angela
,-W ¦¦ Clark t Jr, %Butte . n ; Molllson. Toronto
J. Chapman & w. Mo . F Graham. L Ang -
WEMus*.. Chicago ' T'Dwyer.ft w. L Ang
, Mrs I M Haslett, NY C Hoff*n. '¦ 8 , Rosa
I G '' Walker, - Ft Point J * Wl wrinton.-r Cal
W Alexander,' Ft Point T>r Sharey & w, • Valjo
A Hart &£W,StiL9Uis C.Helman, Orovllle
Miss "A- Hart, -:St> Louts J - McClung,^ Orovllle :
W^ Hart; St Louis ¦-.'<'¦ .. . = . ¦ •
: %NKW WESTERN HOTEL. .
R 'Weber.: Ind W.-B 'Davis, : Honolulu
H Cockelman, La »' EH iThayn. Adelaide
J'Mulroy,- Ingleslde R Nlsh.. Adelaide
P H Polndexter, • H I ' Miss M Carter, Sydney
C Holtz, "» Honolulu . Miss A Andrews.Sydny
JIB" Cummins, . Mexico J • Ky .
C, M^MetzIer.i Seattle ¦¦¦ Hi Tennyson." Ky
J E A'Calenhann. r B;C E Easterling.'La
Alex rmnn;-BC : WCliftt.'N Y:
J ¦ B Mathews, Sydney .' ;
.¦;*';¦¦ "Success.
GRASS VALLEY. March 19.— Th<»
famous North Star lejjge, in the central
shaft, has been struck at a vertical depth
of 1600 feet. It Is the biggest proposition
to be developed in Nevada County and a
company with "substantial backing and
capable management has had the perse
verance to stay with it until success
crowned Its efforts. . .
Four . years ago the North Star Mines
Company set aside an appropriation of
$100,000 to sink the shaft and develop the
central; which It was calculated would cut
through the New York Hill and North
Star veins and enable the company to de
velop the whole of that section for a
radius of a mile or more. This appropria
tion proved inadequate, but the work was
continued. The news of its successful
termination Is creating quite a boom.
Costly Mining Venture Near Grass
Valley Ends in Complete
CENTRAL. SHAFT STRIKES
THE NORTH STAR LEDGE
Oregon— Mathlas Jensen, Astoria, ma
chine for forming sheet metal can bodies;
Krik Manula, Astoria, can soldering ma
chine, feed device, can filling machine.
Washington— Curtis Hopper, Pullman,
gate: Frank H. Palmer, Elma, rotary en
gine: Edouard Parmentier, Vancouver,
wlrdow; Roy Robinson, assignor of one
half to E. Scott, New "Whatcom, printing
press feed gauge or holding device.
Appointed.
"WASHINGTON, March 19.— The Postal
Department issued the following orders
to-day:
Postmasters appointed: "Washington—
John Ingersoll, Bismarck, Pierce County,
vice M. C. McGrath, resigned; N. H. Web
ber, Eagle Cliff, "Wahklahkum County,
vice H. M. Brunker, resigned; L. C. Ken
nedy, Skamokawa, Wahiakum County,
vice H. N. Price, resigned: J. L. Bryant,
Wynootchle, Che.halis County, vice S. D.
Blakeslee, resigned.
The following patents were issued tt*
day: - . . ' ".'„ V, '^ ;
California— Ezra T. Buckman, Tulare,
conveying chain; Edmond R. - Cook, . Sac
ramento, acetylene gas generator; Win.
H. Gray, San LeandTO, baling press: Jas,.
D. Griffith, assignor one-half to w. L.
GrifTith, Point Arena, shingle surfacing 1
machine; William Landahan, San Fran
cisco, oil can faucet; Edwin F. Maxwell,
San Francisco, and E. E. Angell. Somer
ville, Mass., sole-edge trimmer; James F.
McLeary, assignor of one-half to F. M.
Wright, San Francisco; mop head; Patrick
H. Quinn, Pasadena, extension plug:
Jamea Trulllnger, Bakerstteld, assignor to
Catons Foundry and Machine Company,
San Jose, gas generator; Glenn T. Willis,
assignor to J. Porteus. Fresno, disk har
row; George E. Wcodbury. San Francisco,
' ore cat. - ¦ ' . ..-- •
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
New Patents Issued and Postmasters
For many months Truckee has been the
headquarters for disorderly characters
and every day petty crimes have been
committed, yet none of the culprits have
been punished. The officers ¦- are either
negligent or unable to cope with them
and the citizens have adopted drastic
measures to drive ouc the vicious element.
TRUCKEE, March 19.-Fifty masked
men, all heavily armed, paraded the
streets of Truckee " to-night and posted
notices in all public resorts notifying the
rough characters who have long Infested
Truckee to depart immediately. They
style themselves "The 601," and threaten
summary punishment upon those disobey
ing fheir orders.
Special Dispatch to ' The Call.
Vigilantes Styling Themselves "The
601" Determine .to Bid the
Mountain Burg' of Its
Vicious Element.
Fifty Masked' Men Post
Warnings on the Streets
of Truckee.
ORDER ROUGHS
TO LEAVE TOWN
The election of sjfand officers for tho
ensuing term was made the special order
for 10 o'clock this ' morning. - In the even
ing there .was a: banquet to the grand
officers and representatives.. Grand As
sistant Dictator Salomon was toastmaster
and at the table with him sat Grand Dic
tator Archibald, Past Grand Dictator
Barnes, Supreme Representative Curry,
Grand "Vice Dictator Holcomb, Grand
Chaplain Warncke. ¦<.-¦ The toasts of the
evening were: "Knights of Honor," re
sponded to by. Grand Dictator Archibald;
"Past Dictators' Association," A. M. Mac
pherson; "Supreme Lodge," C..F. Curry,
Grand Reporter Thomas Johnstone and
P«st Grand Dictator Fred Raabe; "Fra
ternity," Grand Vico Dictator Holcomb;
"The Ladies/' E. - F. Joy;
Brethren," w. H. Barnes, P. G. D. Dur
ing the evening the company was enter
tained', with music by - the Columbian
Quartet and Henry C. Larsen and special
ties by Billy Hynes and Richard L'.Wha
len. ; ¦
After routine business the Grand Lodge
resolved itself into a committee of tht
whole when « a proposition to make the
office-, of grand dictator an unsalaried
one was discussed at length. The prop
osition was lost.
C. F. Curry,, Ben 1. Salomon and E. F.
Joy were appointed a committee to pre
pare resolutions in memory of the. late
ex-President Harrlso)i, who was a mem
ber of th« order. • . -
The reports of the grand officers were
presented and referred > to the committees
authorized to receive them.. These show
that the order, while having to contend
with newer organizations that by reason
of being young are oftering better induce
ments to those seeking membership in an
order of this character It has held Its
own. During the past two years six
lodges consolidated with others, 132 deaths
occurred j and the amount paid . to bene
ficiaries was $258,000. One new lodge was
instituted— Fremont at Salinas.
The first session of the Grand Lodge,
Knights of Honor of California, opened
yesterday. in the Alcazar building, Grand
Dictator Archibald presiding. All the
grand officers 1 and representatives were
present at rpll call. The grand lodge de
gree was conferred upon fifteen eliglbles.
Eesolutions in Memory of the Lats
ex-President Harrison— Banquet
to Grand Officers and
» ¦. . Representatives.
Lodge Favors Present
Custom.
Knights of Honor Grand
DICTATORS' PAY
TO BE CONTINUED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY* MARCH 20, 1901.
11
' OIL,
».*-.. i° SEp H B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine St.
M ? 5l - BER P^ODtJCEUS- OIL EXCHANGE
*- Ccur.tr>- correspondence solicited.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered $3
up. Jensen & Bath, 3CS Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country
Hartman Paint Co.. 813 Sd st. : tel. Red 3521.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS. '
£to£dard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cure
for all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sold only by MRS. N.
STODDARD. main office 1137 Geary st., nr.
Franklin; -phone East 223. Branch office 161J
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References — Hor-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary Bt., and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; call or Fend for circular.
ALL kinds cf bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO., 248 Ellis; tel. Red 136S.
WANTED— Address of NELLIE WARD, house-
nialfl. Box 2447, Call office.
VALUABLE information will be given to all
peraons addicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
uor, jr.orphlne or nny other drug, by MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S29 Pclk et.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. SS7 Jessie Bt.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny at., near Pine.
FIXE ruits. $10: dress pants, S2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
fl WEEKLY; suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine Cress cults, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoat*. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Bt., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
£60 to $1 CO per night; $1 to to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
WHITE enamel iron beds, clngle. three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S10-1S12 Stockton et., near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdrvssing. hair work, man-
icuring; pri\-ate lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 17C4 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
JAMES' Detective Bureau, 1T7 Montgomery st,
room 21; phone Bush 283; charges reasonable.
6PRING etylea Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costume, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73J Mkt.
GOOD hoxae cpen for healthy boy cr girl baby.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 141C Eighth et.. Alameda.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Cora Paint, the best
corn cure: **<£: all druggist*.
ALFUEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to lt» natural o.Tor: 51; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to enr address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
Tfytage paid.
PHYSICIANS AND SIRGEOXS.
33R. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
lC2Hi Market st.. bftween Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at of!W. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOtt SALE.
REAL ESTATE for Sale by
BALIJWIN & HOWELL,
12 Mcntsroinery Etreet.
MISSION RESIDENCES.
And Houses and Lots on ProsDective Business
Streets at the Mission.
f^OO— Array et., near Dolores; good cottage of
6 rooms end bath, stable and driveway;
lot TUtU.
11230— Alvarado, near Hoffman ave.: good cot-
tage" of 4 rooms; louZ5x78.
5C»00— Beaver ft., near Noe; good cottage of •
rooms ar.d bath; stable In rear; lot £3x115.
J2500— Castro st., near .Clipper; good cottage of
5 rooms and batb; finished basement; sta-
tionary tubs, etc.: eaey term*.
$5000— Capp et.. near Twenty-fifth: 2-story resi-
dence cf 9 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x115 to
&n alley.
53000— Castro *t.. NW. corner; one-story build-
ing, store and 2 r>err.t; lot 49x£0.
?JJOO— Chapultepec et., near Coso are.; cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; lot 20x70.
CI50— Church st.. near Twtnty-thlrd; house of
6 roLTi.s and bath; lot 2Zx>a.
$1600— Church et.. near Duncan; cottage of 4
rooms; lot 25x100.
fKSOC— Clipper St.. near Dolores; two-story house
of i rocms, bath ar.d stable; lot 25:5x11*.
$1000— CorUand ave.. near Andover; good cot-
-tae* of 4 roome: rents W; lot 25x112:6.
$1550— lie Haro Et., near Twenty-second; 5-room
cotUfe with brick foundation: lot ExlOO.
53750 each— Diamond tt.: two cottages of 6
rooms and bath each.
$1500— Diamond st. ; cottag-e with two frontages.
contalnir^ 5 rooms and bath; easy terms
|C Ft., near Guerrero; cottage of
rooms and stable; lot CxllS; will subdi-
vide.
$2300— rxiu.rlafs et.. near ISth: cottage of 7
rooms and bath; lot 23x125.
SPECIAL.
Rent* J1230 per annum; 3 elegant, new. rub-
ctaritiaUy built flats, with every convenience,
on Jacitscn, between Larkin and Polk;. contain-
ing 7 and S rooms end bath each: lot SSxlTTcSH:
cwntr must eell; going to Europe; a perfectly
life in\estrncnt. :-•:-* Asking ?12,50Q.
JCM EACH— Owner must sell: me or more $7iO
lots 5--H';r.fi -¦*-¦; for iZM each; 2'xll4; K! izi.be th
et., near Diamond; a desirable place for a ;
home; good chance for builder and contractor. '
_ BALDWIN &. HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 MonteomerT St.,
are offering on easy terinf, HO per month, in- ;
t crest 6 i»er cent, level building lots on II 6t. j
and Ninetieth ave. boulevard; fronting: Gold- |
«-n Gate Park: a grand garden at yiur front ;
<!r«r; an idea.) twentieth century home loca-
tion; EHU-st. electric cars passing the prop-
erty; lots leve! and ready for building; streets
en official grade and macadamized; plank I
tldrwalki;; gae, water and mall Ben ice; if you
Intend to build and have not sufficient money
et :::-; • --.. we vrill advance to you for that !
purpose: take a. trip out and fee the neat, j
new and pretty homes built and beir.g built |
en this rrcperty. We have a branch office ;
Tor your convenience and where you can ob-
tain .--.;: further Information, and a horse and
bugfry with atter-Cant at your disposal, at the
corner of H st. and Ninth ave., couth of
GoWen Gate Park; cpen every day, Sundays
ar,d holidays; don't delay, but Interest your-
cclf in a. 'home lot at ence.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Bt.
KAE7OS, ELDIHDGK * CO..
CCS Market St.
"WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
3S0C0 — Smell amount cash, balance as rent:
Sretty Western Addition home of 7
rooms and balh. porcelain bath, tiled
mantels; elegantly decorated; brick
foundation; bitumen street.
SEOOO— Block of Park Panhandle; large, ele-
rant residence of 9 rooms and bath;
rement sidewalk; street bitumen; cars
$3000— One block of Park Panhandle: modern
residence of 10 rooms and batb; north
clde Pace eti make oScr.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$S50ft— Two beautiful modern fiats, T and S
rooms and bath; round bay-wlndowg,
frescoed walls, etc; rents $960; can
pass; on one of best cross streets.
JSOCO— Three fine, woll-bullt modern fiats., B.
' 5, C rooms an-1 bath; rents $553; lot
25xl£5; near Waller and Fillmore Ets.
INVESTMENTS.
149,000-Ncrthwcst corner, south of and close
to Market Ft.; 100x123; houses, stores
and flats: rents *31M.
flS.GOO — F"«w feet from Market eU and new
M ferry b-jildlng; rents ncmlnaL
MISSION FLATS.
j";0 — Three fine, wall-built fiats cf 5. 5. 6
rooms and bath; rents $630; Mission
warm belt; bitumen Etreet; JSxlOO feet.
$2500— Two bay-windowed Cats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath: brick foundation; iron
fence; rents {320; lot 23x114 feet.
BOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
J21S0 — Near Third and Howard »ta.; two t-
room bouses; rents $360.
{5000— Must be eold to satisfy mortraRe; thre*
elerant bay-windowed flats ; rents $630;
always rented; almost new.
MISSION RESIDENCES.
$2500— New modern cottage, C rooms and bath,
porcelain tub, tiled mantel, dome ceil-
ings, light and sunny; two car lines.
• J1800— "Well-built cottage, 2 roomi and bath,
high basement, large etabie with loft:
rents JIT,; two blocks Market-st. cars;
2£xU4 feet.
EABTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market «t
UODEE.N cottages and flats Built; reasonable;'
plans furnUbed. GEOKGE U. BALSBURy,
builder; office 12a Mark* tt.
IF you have lota to sell north of the Park,
tlsen call on W. J. GUNN. £30 California »r. |
REAL ESTATE — CITY FOtt SALE.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
JUQQ— Four Email flats; all rented for *30; half
cash.
$2350— »wo splendid Cats: rented $23: near
Sixth.
T2S00— rEacramento St., east of Powell; rents
$25 net; one tenant 12 years, • l;
J32DO— Two nice flats, S rooms each; half-
block from Market st.
13500 — Three nice flats; all rent*l; near Nine-
teenth and Mission cts.; pays 10 per cent.
$5500— Corner; 40x90, with good 10-room bouse;
Hyde Bt.
$7500— Larkin st. flats, near Butter; annual
rent $700.
S7D0O— Four brand new flats, east of Van Ne«s
ave.: all rented $72.
12500— Business property; Ninth it., near Mis-
sion; rents $45.
Jll.COO— Mason-st. corner; reduced from $14,-
O0C; lot S2xS2 feet, and Improvements; must sell.
$11,000— Store and two strictly modern flats of
7 and 8 roome; north of Market st. - -
$12.500— Leavenworth St.; rents $105; lot 65-
foot front.
$14,000— Three elegant flats; rented for $140;
swell locality.
JTS.OOO— Near Howard and Third sts.; rents
JIOO; bank mortgage $20,000; lot 43x160.
$2S.0O0 — Business property of 4 stores and 8
flats; rents $250; lot 75x90 feet. <
$3S.OOO— Misslon-st. corner; 170x160; actually
worth S55.0C0; must eell at once.
$10.000— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:Gxl37:6;
rents $240.
$55.000— Grand corner: 60- foot front; few
blocks Orpheum ; pays 6 per cent net.
$73,0C0— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tivoli; old improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 6C7 Market st.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest ¦call on W. J. Gunn. »30 California.
REAL LSTATE COUNTRY — For Snle
AN exceptionally charming, highly Improved
and fully equipped 80-acre foothill ranch, 6
miles by level read from Napa: only S1S50. N.
D. SICKELS— the— LAND AGENT. 6 Geary.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., by Call bldg.
Printed lists; city and country property
for sale and exchange. Please call.
AT $30 per acre; choicest level orchard and
grain land in State; cljoins R.R.;.easy terms.
Cal. Farm Land Assn.. 616 Examiner bldg.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
IN exchange for S. F. property, a lovely home
In beautiful Berkeley, near the hills; house
of 9 rooms; in thoiough order; lot 150x145.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, ad-
joining Postoffiee. Berkeley.
PAYING ranch, near Oakland, exchange for
city incorte property. Apply 602 Mission st.
MILL VALLEY HEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain— A cottage In best lo-
cation of the valley: beautiful surrounding!.:
no reasonable offer refused. Apply H. KAUF-
MANN, 318 Sacramento st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$42&— COTTAGE 3 rooms; lot 30x70; $200 cash;
cottage 5 rooms and batb. $1300; lot 40x150;
$300 cash. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J225— LOT In Lorln ; SCO ft- from station on
Berkeley local, giving a hair-hour service to
San Francisco same time to city as from 7th
and Broadway. Oakland; this lot must be
gold. A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland
JSOOO— A MAGNIFICENT home ori Telegraph
ave.: % rooms and bath; modern; lot 60x125.
A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR f-ale in Oakland — Business corner, 75x95:
8 acres, old house and barn. In suburbs. $4509;
cottage 6 rooms; no reasonable offer refused.
Apply 1—3 Broadway, opposite Fifteenth. •
FOR SALE— House and lot. East Oakland; no
reasonable offer refused. Owner, J. L. WAL-
TER, C23 South Spring St.. Los Angeles.
LOT 3 in plat G. Piedmont Park, as a whole
or in part to suit. ALFRED J. KELLEHER,
.£324 Clay Et.. S. F.
OAKLAND FL'R.MTURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th©
furnltnrg dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 414 — 3 ninny connecting .unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; sink and bath.
EDDY, 933— Large newly papered rooms; reg-
ular kitchen; private residence; no children.
LAGUNA. 2S0S. near Union— 4 rurnished house-
keeping rooms to 2: no children; $12.
MARTHA Place, No. 3, oft Geary, near Ma-
sor»--Three sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms for rent reasonable. -
MISSION, 821 — Front parlors and kitchen,
running water, complete housekeeping, $3 up.
JCOE. 153—3 connecting rooms in modern lower
flat; large kitchen, range, sink.* yard; $16.
OAK, 11>— 2 sunny front rooms furnished for
housekeepingr, stove, Urge closet, storage; $12.
OAK, 119— Sunny front room for single person,
fnraiahed for light housekeeping. $5.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
room. It; large sunny room and kitchen com-
plete for $12. '
SECOND, 212 — Furnished for housekeeping;
clean, respectable and reasonable.
SIXTH. 541-Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping. $10: tingle room with stove. $S.
TENTH. 1023, near Market — Small bedroom
and kitchen, suitable for one, $6w
A BRANCH rfflce for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions has been established* at 109«
VulTic'a «t.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE. The. McAllister st.. cor. Larkin—
This high-class rooming-house is newjy open-
ed; It has been elegantly and tastefully fur-
nished; every Improvement for comfort and
sanitary requirements has been adopted: all
outside, sunny rooms, with or without baths;
rarties with references are Invited to Inspect
above premise* : rooms shown in the evening.
ROOMS TO LET. .
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.." 22 Kearny St.. tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. S21 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city: polite attend-
ance; large reemf; modern conveniences
rooms £0c up; first clam meals 25c; free ccach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148" Eixth-Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, lite Market fold No. 13M)— P*ur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUBH, 10S4, near Leavenworth— Sunny bachelor
apartments to rent In bachelors* home. '¦
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant. sanny . unfurnished
rooms to let. , • .
FOLSOM, 1348—2 newly furnished eunny room,;
private family. '
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission Bts.— Eunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HARRISON. 7S4%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms: bath; all conveniences;
homelike: $1 week up. . ¦
JONES, 511— Newly furnished eunny rooms for
cents only. •
MARKET. -lCSS. opp. Jones — Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double: lath. ,
MINNA, 414-Slngle sunny furnished front
room, IS. ."
MINNA. 667. corner ISlffhth — Newly furnished
bay-wfndow room. $1 per -week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market Bt.— Nicely
furnished rocms. JJ » week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and,
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. wk.. mor
O'FARRELL. E81— Nicely furnished room for 1
or 2 persons. '
POST. 213 — Elegant rooms, S2 SO to S3 n. week;
gentlemen preferred..
ROYAL House. 126 EU1»— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; room*, per nltrht, 35c to $1 CO: week.' *2 to
JS: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
{ rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 219-221 Ellis St.— Rooms,
¦ night. 25c to $1; week, $1 23 to $4; open night.
SEVENTH, 249— Sunny furnished rooms; quiet,
private family; rent very reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. •
THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant , suites;
single rocms; running, water; transient .
VAN NESS ave.. 141»— Newly furnished front
suite and single room: gas. bath: telephone.
VAN NESS, 1612— Elegant sunny alcove, newly
furnished, with connecting dressing room;
also large sunny ' room ; gentlemen. "¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
.receivedat Call branch of flee, 2200 Flllmore'st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ' has been established at 1C9S
Valencia st. .&9MH3HMMHI^BriMl^aMi
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp." Grace
Church, with annex 807 California 1 st., may
b« found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
TWO front connecting rooms with I or -without
board, on Howard st. ; flats 19. 106 Eleventh.
ItOOMS WANTED. , _
YOUNG woman wants furnished room with
nice family; not farther out than Twelfth
«t.; reasonable. Box 2445, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES. c
$150,000 TO loan on 1st' mortgages; will loan on
80 per cent; easy payments; mutual plan.
Apply M. J.. box 1476, Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 55S0.
SKWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
thuttlen: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MON'P U7Q Marjcft. r. 103. phone Fnlnom 1W
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
PlERCE-rtODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC RtoraKe and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1. •
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. : tel. Mint 1921. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; chipping at cut rates.
' . rj ..^ u .^ T . K j- f? i^!?''-,.' " - - \, r \'-r
MAKUFA'R; elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters friade. repaired. Menge. 603 Kearny.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRIT^R^S^Vd
sell better mcahines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E36 California: telephone Main 266.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OCEANIC STEAMShTp "COMPANY— Location
of principal place of business, city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the board of directors of said company, held
on the 19th day of February. 1901. an assess-
ment of ten dollars <U0) per share was levied
upon the capital stock of the corporation, pay-
able immediately to the secretary at the office
of said corporation. No. 327 Market St.. in the
city and county of Ban Francisco, State of
California.
Any stock upon which this ats»ssment shall
remain unpaid on the 23d day of March, 1901,
•will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is mad?
before will be sold on Thursday, the 11th day
of April, 1901, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, toffether with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the board of di-
rectors. E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company.
Office of secretary. 327 Market St.. In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornla. -
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 89 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Su-
gar Plantation Co. will be payable at the
office of the company, S27 Market St., on and
after WEDNESDAY. March 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books close on Thursday, March 14. 1901,
Et 3 o'clock p. m.
G. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
rjfiopogA^s.
PROPOSALS for mineral oil.— 36 New Mont-
gomery St.. Ban Francisco. Cal.. March 20.
1901. Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m.. April 20.
1901, and then opened for- furnishing and
6torlng here 130,000 gallons Mineral Oil, 135*
flash test. In casts of two fix-e-gallon cans
each. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) and such preference given
to articles of American production and man-
ufacture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Information
and blank proposals furnished on application.
Knvelopes will be endorsed "Proposals for
Mineral Oil." and addressed Major OSCAR
F. LONG. Quartermaster, U. S. Army. Depot
Quartermaster. . . .- . - ¦ . . .
¦ LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California — In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon Its application for a Judgment
of dlsEolutton. Notice.— No. 75.397, Depf. 18.
Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu £ugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue ot the laws ot the
Btate of California, and having its office and
place of business in the city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, has filed
Its application, duly verified and signed ty a
majority of Its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of «ald
corporation: and that Monday. March 25th.
1901. at 18 o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of
said court. Department No. 10, in the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the dav. time
and place for the hearing of said application.
In 'witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 190L
rSeal] WM. A. DEANE. Ork.
By E. ZX. THOMPSON. Denuty Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1901. WM. A. DEANE,
Clerk, by E.-M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George W. Nepp, 25, 17 Polk Btreet, and
Daisy Fairchild, ID, 1523 Bush street.
Charles Nelson, 69, Seminary Park, and
Helene Stind, 42, 2332 Mission Btreet.
Walter E. Ennls, 30, C6 Morrii avenue, and
May C. M«Lachlan, 19, D6 Morris avenue.
Harley J. Hill. 23. 36« Hayes street, and
Frances Schultz, 21, 366 Hayes street. .
Joseph Qreven. 36, 1312 Colden Gate avenue,
and Lenore Butler, 22, 1825 Greenwich street.
Oscar Barcewell, 26, 209 Minna street, and
Louisa Somer. 21, 209 Minna street
Isydor Malinger, 30, 625 Eddy street, and
RofIc; Waxstock. 22," 18 Columbia square.
Abraham Ayoob. 21. 5 Reed place, and Needij
C. Ktfdie, 19, 5 Reed place.
John D. Jensen, 26, Newman, and Inge M
Boyen, 23, Newman. .
Frederick J. Miller. 20. 775 Mission street,
and Mamie Rogers, 22, 169 Perry street.
Thomas H. Harrison, 21, city, and Clara
Barthrop, 21. city.
• Walter Lewin, 32, 1145 Bush street, and
Elizabeth Dobk-. 30. 41 Belvedere street.
8. O. Ballard White, 24. I«nehatn Hotel, and
Orley P. Wakelee. 25, 1S23 Washington street. •
William H. Turk, 26. 1539 Taylor street, and
Ellege J. Kaiser. 24. 11 Bernard street. '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, '
- Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices : and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the came published.
BORN.
HAHIH- In this -city, March 17. 1901, to the
wife of J. J. Hahlr, a son. . >
TVTATmrRT.. '
ANDERSON— WILSON— In this city, March 18,
1501, by the Rev. Dr.- E. Nelander of the
First English Lutheran Church. Joel An-
derson and Serena Wllaon, both of San Fran-
cslco.
BUTLER— DTJGAN— In this " city, March ¦ 17,
1901, at Simpson Memorial Methodist Episco-
pal Church, by the Rev. John Stephens.
Dwlght S. Butler and Mary Dugany both of
San Francisco. ¦
KLEIST— HEINECKE— In this city. March 18
. 1901, by the. Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Hermann
J. Kleist and Anna F. Heinecke.
THOMPSON-BEHRENS-In this city, > March
: IS. 1901, by Thomas F. Dunn. Justice of the
Peace, Albert Powell Thompson : and ' Laura
Frances Behrens. both of Sacramento, Cal." i
___
Bartram, Carolina Graham, John
Batsere,' Jean' • •; Grondona. Azella L.
BJorkren, John Hansen. Mr.
Boswell. GeorgoE. Johnson, Harry .'.v.
Brabant, Constance Kllpatrick. Mrs. M.
Bradford. George A.. Kuehne. . Dorothea ¦ .'
Bucklin. Susie - Landson, Ellen - ¦ -
Burr, 8. Burchard McCor, Bernard ¦
Carlson, Carl , Murphy, Miriam J.
Crowley. Annie Soderman, Cornellua
Daly, Thomas V. ' Sullivan. Thomas F.
Finn, Mary Vetter, May L. -
¦ Gibson. George E. Weil, Lehman -
Gleeson, Mrs. H. Weymouth, Mrs. T.
BARTRAM— In this city. March 18,- 1901, Caro-
lina Bartram, beloved wife of Henry. A". Bar-
* tram, a' native of Randes. Denmark, ' aged 39
years and 2 months. :. - . ,
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday). '¦-. at 2 o'clock, from the parlor 1
of :H. P. Petersen & Co., *¦ 228 1 McAllister
• street.. -Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery; .,- *
BATSERE— In this city, March 19. ; 1901,' Jean
Batsere, » beloved husband of Mrs.". M. Bat-
sere. -and father of Mrs. C. - F.' Schrelber and
Jose, Genie and Sadie Batsere, a - native < ol
France, aged 68 years.' ¦ .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the 'funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
- of J. S. ? Godeau, ' 305 ' Montgomery . avenue,
thence to Notre Dame des Vlctoires French
Church, Bush street, where « a high requiem
ma sa will be celebrated for the repose of -his
eoul, ¦ commencing . at 1 10 o'clock. ¦ , Interment
.-. Mount Calvary Cemetery.; ¦":' ' •
BJORKUEN— In the City and County' Hospital
March - 19, 1901. John ; BJorkren. . a native of
.Sweden^, asred 26 years."- : "' . ' -.'.: - :• •
BOS WELL— In the City and County - Hospital.
March 1 19, 1901, . George . E. ¦ Boswell, . a native
of Georgia, aged 37 years. -
BRABANT— In : this city. March 18, 1901. ; Con-
• stance May, * wife ¦ of - Joseph £3. ¦ Brabant, a
native of North Carolina, aged 33 years and
6 months. ; ¦-.-¦..¦_¦ : -• * .
Q7The funeral -will take- place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her lata resi-
dence, 925 Harrison street, jj Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ' •
BRADFORD— In ;' this city, March M9, 1901.
George A., dearly beloved son of Barah and
the late Geonre Bradford, - and brother : of
Charles, Thomas and . Nellie ¦ Bradford, a j na-
tive of San Francisco, aeed 28 years ani
19 days. . -. +~ ¦.-¦'. .
BUCKLIN— In this city, March IS. 1901, Susie,
beloved wife of Frank M. Bucklin. - mother
of Vernon and Laura , Bucklin, dauch ter of
Annie and the late O. J. Burke, and ¦ sister
of Mrs. C. E. Thompson, Mrs. Eva Russell,
,Mrs. William Hanlon and Mrs. I. Isaacs and
Gus E.. Joseph F. and M. L. Burks, a na-
'tive of Stockton, - Cal., aged 26 years 9
months and 11 days.: - - •
• cyFrlends . are resDectfully invited to! at-
tend the funeral this day : (Wednesday), at
8:30 -o'clock, from the residence of her
niother,' 104 Guerrero street, near Thirteenth,
thence to Mission Dolores • Church, where a
requiem mass will be : celebrated for the re-
poee of her eoul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.. .,- : . •
MEMBERS of Sans Soucl Parlor No. 96. N. D.
G. W. : You are notified to attend the fu-
neral of Sister :< Susie Bucklin thiB . day
¦(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 104 J Guerrero - Btreet, near,. Thir-
teenth. ¦¦ By order
: EMMA WESSLING. President.
MINNIE F. DOBBIN. Secretary.
BURR— In this city, March 18; 1901. S. Bur-
chard -Burr, husband of .Mrs. M. L. Burr,
and father of Percy U. Burr and Mrs. George
J. WellinKton, a native of New York, aged
54 years. (New York, papers please copy.)
i (C7"Ser\ices to be held. in chapel of Odd
Fellows' Cemetery this day (Wednesday), at
3 o'clock. {>¦ :;;s-,^ •.¦¦•'>
CARLSON*-In this city. March 18. 1901, Carl
Carlson,' a native of Sweden, aged 41 years
9 months and 13 days.
-* |C7"Rematns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maasj, 917 Mlsnlon street.
CROWLEY— In the City and County Hospital,
- March 19, 1901, Annie Crowley, a native ot
.California, aeed 23 years. i '. . *
DALY— In Nashville. Tenn., March 12, 1901.
Thomas V. Daly, brother of Patrick Daly' of
'Plunfas County, John- Daly of ..Healdsburg
and Peter Daly of San I Francisco, a nativs
of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 45 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrjw
•(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother. Peter Daly, 2S24 Clay
street, thence to St. Dominic's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
- pose of his soul, commencing at .9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FINN— In this city, March 18, 1901, Mary,
relict of the late James Finn, beloved mother
of Elena, Jerome and May Finn, Mrs. J.
Kallich and I Mrs. P. A. Gay of Portland,
Or., and sister of Rodger, William, ' Patrick
and Arthur J. Ahern, a native ' of . County
Cork, Ireland, aged 63 yeais.
It^Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from - her late
residence, 2525 Nineteenth street, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem hlfch mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 o'clock.. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. <
GIBSON— In this city, March 18. 1901. George
Edwin Gibson, relict of- the late Mary E.
Gibson, a native of Denmark, Me., aeed 72
years.
|C7"Friends are invited to attend the fu-
neral this day (Wednesday),' at 2:30 o'clock,
from his late residence. 23 Hill, street. In-
terment private In Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car.
GLEESON (nee MATHEWS)— In this city.
March 18, 1901, Mrs. Hannah Gleeson, beloved
wife of John E. Gleeson, mother of Harry
Gleeson. and daughter of Mrs. T: Mathews, a
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, '¦ from the rcsi-
1 dence of her mother. 925% Filbert street,
thence to Bt. Francis Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul,, commencing' at 10 o'clock.
Interment . Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In this city. March 19. 1901, John
! Graham, a native of Illinois, axed 45 Tears.
E7"Reraains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mlfslon street.
GRONDONA— In this city, March 19, 1901. Ate-
lla Lxtonlta. beloved daughter of James and
Adelaide Grondona. sister of Charles »F..
James D.. Emma, Louis E-. Armando G. and
Anita Grondona, and niece of Mrs. J. Par-
dini, a native of San Francisco, aged 9 years
5 months and 21 days. . ; .
HAXSEN — Mr. Hansen. • beloved husband of
Mrs. A. E. Hansen of Bouldin Island, father
of Sophie, Lizzie and Annie Hansen, brother
of Peter and Frederick Hansen. brother-in-
law of Mrs. 'Hatch. -Mrs. Gormond. Mrs.
- Davis, Mrs. Blennerhassett and Lawrence
Orth, and son-in-law of John Orth, a native
., of . Denmark, aged 43 years, i :
JOHNSON— In the City and" County Hospital,
March 19, 1S01. Harry Johnson, a native of
Norway, aged 41 years. ;
KILPATRICK— In this . city, March 19, 1901,
Mrs. . Mary Kilpatrlck, a native, of Belfast,
Ireland, aged 68 years.
KUEHNE— In this city, March 18, 1901. Doro-
¦ thea Kuehne, beloved mother of Gustav
Kuehne, a native of Germany, aged 62 years
4 months and 10 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LANDSON— In this city, March 18, 1901. ' Ellen
Landson (nee Clifford), beloved wife of Lewis
Landson, and mother of Mgfy L. Landaon, a
native of Ireland, aged eyyears.
IDTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this. day
(Wednesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from "her late
residence, 3H McLea court, off Ninth street,
between Bryant and Harrison, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be, celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing - at - 9 -o'clock. I Interment Holy
Cross - Cemetery, by carriage.. ...
McCOY— In. the City and County Hospital,
March 18, 1901, Bernard McCoy, a native of
Ireland, aged 34 years.
MURPHY— In this city, March 19. 1901. Miriam
Josephine, only and darllnsr baby of Joseph
A. and Blanche Duane Murphy, a' native of
San Francisco, aged 10 months and 14 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 605 Green street. Interment
private. _ N , ,
8ODERMAN— In this city. March 17, 1901,
Cornelius Soderman,' cousin of Emil. Victor
N.'and Charles Rosenberg of San Francisco.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 19. 1901,
Thomas K., beloved son'of . Patrick and Ellen
Sullivan, and brother of 1 Rev. J.J. and J. H. '
Sullivan, a native of San Francis^, aged
28 years and 3 months. A member of Com-
pany B, First California Volunteers, i /
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1618 Turk street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at > 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ., : ;•
VETTER— In this city, March 19, 1901, May
Louifte Vetter, beloved wife of F. J. Vetter.
a native of San Francisco.
GfyNottee of funeral hereafter.
WEIL— In 1 this city, March 17, 1901, Lehman
Well beloved husband of Sarah Weil, and
father of Mrs. J. C. Ardery, ¦ Mark Weil and
- Mrs C. Solomon, Mrs. L. Hexter, .Mrs. Her-
mann ¦ Eberhard and Mrs. A. H. Sewell. .a
native of Germany, aged 73 years 11 months
and 20 days. (Virginia City papers please
. rry The funeral • services will take • place
' this <?ay (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, . at ' his
late residence. 245 Pierce street. Interment
private at Home of Peace Cemetery.
WEYMOUTH— In Ban Mateo, March 19,. 1901,
Mrs Thomas Weymouth, mother - of Miss
Elizabeth Smith, Mrs. Renner and George.
Eliza and Pearl Weymouth, a 'native of
Thorney, England, aged 48 year* 8 month*
and H dayg. ., ,".-- ".; -,. /. ... .-¦¦¦.¦'. ¦ : .::,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
Z0 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.'.
Telephone South 80. - - ' ¦
l~Eugene McGinn. : ' McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. '¦-":
• Jl EDDTSIREIT/-,''-
Telepbone South 252. r - „ San Francisco.
r 5N0 Connection With Any Other Houge.
I" •;...; >.AIcAVOY£* ! ;CO.,? ; |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS, & EMBALMERS. 1
" 12S9 Market at.', between 8th and 9th. : §
.; • :,< Telephone ¦ South 2i7. . '- ".':• - ' . f
TO WHOM IT MAV { CONCERN;
-¦-The undertaking . business of ' tho ' late ' CHAS.-
J -4 B METZLER will f hereafter : be conducted
under the same • firm , name. . of CHAS. -, J. . B.
METZLER." at 636 Washington st, ; San Fran-
cisco, by . H. i ! METZLER; proprietor. ; .
San Francisco. ; Cal.. March 1L 1901., : ;
MARCH 11; 1S01— I '. have this day 'sold • my : In-'
terest in the undertaking business of CHAS.
' J. ; B. METZLER ' to H, METZLER, ; and am
not - responsible '¦> for any ;. outstanding debts.
CHA8.L. METZLER. ; . ' , ;.
James ? Andersbn^ 'Artist, Dies::
I : ALAMEDA, ; March • 19.— James 'Ander-
son, -well ; known = aa ; a ". newspaper - artist,'
died to-night at a local ; sanitarium, where
'¦ he was undergoing ; treatment: ¦; Anderson
was • brought to ¦' Alameda on • Sundayv but
left the Institution the following morning.-
He returned Monday night, but left again
this * morning -and ¦ was - ; seen-- wTandering
about ¦ the streets ; in a •¦ demented : ; condi-
tion. v Ho was « taken ; back ; to? the ; sanlta-
' rlum."^ The remains , were taken charge of
I by. the deputy coroner.'/ • '• >':¦} " - " >-
ADVEETISEBIEKTa
An Eastern lady was surprised at
the beauty of our curtains this week.
She bought two pairs and ordered
them to be sent to Philadelphia.
"I am surprised at such unusually
pretty carpets ; where do you get
them ?"
' "Within a few miles -of your
home, rnadame, in New York."
"Why is it I cannot get them in
Philadelphia ? They certainly ought
to have them there."
'* We have them made to order
exclusively for our trade. In fact,
. nearly all of our goods arc made to
our special order. We do nothing
else but sell carpets, rugs, curtains,
etc. , and hunt the world over for
the unusual and out of the ordinary
in our line."
1 k± «© irjf
2 1 5-2 1 7 Sutter Street— above Keamy
BAIXWAY TBAVEL. •
Thousands of Eastern
people will take advantage
of the cheap rates to Cali-
fornia in effect every Tues-
day until April 30.
They are the lowest in
years.
- .*-
.If you have any friends
who are talking of coining
West, send me their names
and I will have our repre-
sentatives look 'them up —
furnish them advertising
matter — - reserve berths—
see that they have a quick
and comfortable trip.
kqr^^T,^) Ticket Office.
|jm^j?ftfflj 631 Market Street.
t^MMm^SsI Sanborn.
General Apent,
™''' <ri lw i'!S San Francisco.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalit* F«rry.
'..'.-' • Commencing September SO, 1300.
FTOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:55. *3:iS, 11:00 a. m.. "1:45,
3:15, 4:00. B:15, *«:15. 8:40 p. m.
KXTRA TRIPS— For " Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p.m.
SUNDAYS— •SM. *10M. *ll:30 a. m.. 1:13,
3:15. *4:45. <:30. 9:00 p. nt.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln. ;
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:M. •6:30.- 7:45, 9:30 a. m- t
•12:30, 1:45. *3:30. 4:30, 6:10 P. m. ,
EXTRA TRIPS on . Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— ««>. »S:00. .»10:00. »11:4S a-m..
•1:40. •J:13. 4:45.' •t-.lOv.tn.
! Trains marked (•) start from' San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DATS— 5:43. 6:4S. -7:55. »:*> a.m..
12:S3. 2:10. S:30. 4:54. 6:20 p. m. ¦
EXTRA • TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and .10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. ra.. 12:03, MS, 3:30.
6:00. 6:45 p. m.
¦ . THROUGH TRAtNS.
8:55 a. rn. week days — Caxadero and way
¦tatluns. • .
1:45 p. i m, ' Saturdaya — Tomale» and way
stations. ' .
»:00 a. n\.' Sundays — Tomales and way
stations. . '--...¦.- •: -^
Santa" Fe
Traihs-Daiiy>
Leave Market-Street Kerry Depot. "¦
Ixical Ltm'd Ovrl'd ! Lo<?sl
Dally. Dally. Daily. I Dally.
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:30 r>
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
"- Merced .. 1M5 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
•-.". Fresno.; 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a .......
" . Hanford 4:22 p 8:J7 p 7:0« a ._......
•• Vlsalla . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
••Tulare-.. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:C5 a ~
" Bksneld 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .......
" Kan. Ctr ....::.:. *:41 a 7:30 a .......
, " .Chicago ......— 8:15 p 9:00 p ..
a for tnornlnic. p for afternoon. -
/ ? 9:00 a. m. train Is the California Zjlmlted. r -
Cartylne Palace sleeplnr Cars and Dlnlnx
Cars throuirh ttf Chicago. V Chair Car runs'
to Bakerffleld for accommodation of local
first class . passengers, r No second class
tickets are • honored s on - this train. - ' Cor- ,
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Cormpond-
lne train arrives at 11:65 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. la the Overland Express, with
throuRh ' Palace • and Tourist / Sleepers and
free Reclining -Chair. Car.i also -Palace
Sleeper. 1 which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
"sponding train arrives at 8:K5 p. m. dally.
". - 7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld . Locftl. stopples
at all polnta In San Joaquln Valley, u Corre-
epondlng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. ; dally.
'. Office*— €41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway. Oak-
-Tland. :-.;,.., .-' ,-¦ ¦ J ¦. -:"
A FEW FIGURES jj
9.00A.M.. I
? THAT'S WHEN YOU ;|j;
J LEAVE SAN FRANCISCO* ' ?;||
2:15 P.M. I
I THIRD DAY THAT'S -g
\ ' WHEN YOU ARRIVE IN 'i
\ CHICAGO ON THE ... |-
CALIFORNIA LIMITED :tf
- OVER THE :/ i|
SANTA FE
jsuUTiiKicx iMvinc ionriST.
1 - ' (FACiric sfsraM.)
Trnlna I «•!»»«• m»<l nm «lim ta itrrlv* «•
NAN Flt.«X«:iMl'«>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
Uatk — . Fr.ou March It, 13C1. — asjuti
7:«o a Martlnex, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
.Caliitoga and Santa ltosa 8:23r
7:30 a Beiiicia, aui«uo, Elmira. Vac»rC!e,
Kamiey and Sicrameu'.o . 7>33r
7:30a Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marysfille. Ororllte 7tS.lr
7:30a Atlantic Ki press— Ogden and East 12:23r
8:00a Xilei, LlTennore, Txtej, Latiirop,
Stockton. 7i33p
SsSOa Shasta Etpr»»»— Darla, Williamji (for
•¦ Bartlett Srttogs), Willows, Bed '
Ulufl. Portlaud. TlSSr
• tSOA San Juio, Llfermore, Btoekton,
Ioue, Sacramento. PlaeerrlUe,
' M»n«illl«, Uhieo, Uad Bluff 4i«3p
»:30a Oa5i<Uir,CTiine89, Honor*. Carters... 4i2Sr
0:OOa Haf wanla. Niits and Way SUtlons. 1 1:33a
»:0O a Los Angeles Express — Martinez, : . •
Tracj, t,»Uirop, M Look ton, Merced
.¦-• Treano «nd Lo» Angeles 7s23r
9i3»a Vall<-]n. Martinez auit War Stations ftiSSy
IO:OOa. Tfae Orerlaud Uinited— Ogdeo, Don-
ter, Omaha, Chicago «t33r
11:OOa Ji'lli-i, Stockton, Haerameatn, Men-
dot*. Fresno, Hautord. Visalla.
- Portorriile 4>S3r
1 1 :00a LlTennore, Sacgrr. Gothen Juno
' tlon, Bikersfleld, Lo* Angelea.....
fliffOr Sacrameutu Hirer Htoaiimn f3°-40A
3. oo r Ilenicto. Wlntera. Hacrmiento,
WouilUnd. KnUliti lauding, "
' ftlarTKTllto, Oriitlll*.: I«:a3*
S:OOr Rayirarda, Nile* and Way Station*. S:33r
4:««»r MurlliifJ, Han llaiaoti, Vallejo,
Napa. «!*!Ut<.ic*. SmiiU Itots ViSSa
j4:00r Buotet limited. El Paao, New
Orlcus and Eut el 1:23*
- 4:OOrTiio O«l Limited— Inn, Frttno.
BakenQelH. Hanjua for .-jiu«» Bar*
bara. Koa Ancelaa. 1Is*Sa
' 4 :3»r Harvard*. Mlonml Ban Jose f9.-13.fc
OiOor^ew OtVaor Express— liaken«»W.
H111U llnrliara. Jam Auf vies. Dem.
Ins, El l'u), New Orlsaua aud
Kaat 7.»3a
Ss«4p ITflea, Llrennoro, Btocktoa. Lodl.... lO-^.-»»
••••F llayvarda, Miles and Sao Jos* 7iSAa
fOiOOr Vallejo 1 1»35*.
•i«Or Oriental Mail-O(tlea, Chejenae.
Omaha, Cbteago 13t33r
•¦OOr Ortontal M»il— Ogleo. DcnTar.
Omaba, Chicago...... 4>S9r
7<00r Oregmi and California Kxt"***,Maa>
. r»iu<-iiti>. Mar}«illl«, IUkIiIIiiv.
r.MtUn.l. PHget Wo-hhI «•.<! Kaat «>-13a
8ia.tr Baa P«b!o. P>rt (.'«nts. Mirtiaes
ami W»» HUtlutia.... H«»3»
- t»:O3r V«)I»)o 7I3.1F
4»lVf IHTIMUN (.larronr «imi<e).
<Fo.)t »f Market Street.)
StIS* New«rh.UrritnrTiUi*.Mait.la»9,rrltii«.
HottKierCrrek.MaiiiaCnu'asd Way
EUtinna M»r
t«» 1 »r Newark. CentarTlilo. Han Jcim. Nkw
ilnwltn. ri-ltoii. ll.iul.Ier Or««k.
H»nt» Crux aotl 1'iiaclpal Way
Stations tl«j»»*
4il3p Newark, Han Joc«, Lcrn Gatos Sci**
o9:SOp Hasten' Exenrtion, gin Joce and
, W»rSUtioM t7r»«r
! CREEK ROUTE 5 TERRY.
! main rmcisco— r«t if Hirttt sue.usu? si— *¦
[ t7:15 0:00 11:COa.M. X:S3 3:S3 J.13'.-.
frtaOHUia— rNltfEru4«*r.— 1»:00 it.OQ tS.-OS
looo.n. 18:C3 2:83 «:C3r.M.
COAST DITISIOI (Broad «*nje).
(Third and To«rinernl St*)
iflslWA <Jeea» View, Uoiith rUn Franet>«n., t*>>3ttr
> 7:O«A Ran Jsm »¦..! \V»y HtaUoiut (Ms*
! Alixadeu WetlixniUjannly) liSO*
1 tiOOA Hau .los... Tres l'i;i< •. H:tut« Crux,
racilie Ur»T«. I'asu Iti.liiri. Hail
I.uU Miiiapo, .Sin f. Lompoc and
l'ri.icli.Hl W<> HbtUi 4>l«*
l«i i«a Ban Ji>sa and Way Ht»tlon» ....... •iS.'Jt
1 I ItiiUA Han .lorn ami Way HUtimit Si3Oy
I t'4il3?Skii llatro, lUnlwooil. Menlo P%rV.
', Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. Han .line.
: Tres Plnoa. 8»nte «.'nu. Uallnaa.
i Mo.iierej »».» I'acillc dn.To tlOt^n*.
t3:>n r Han Jnieaud Way .SUtlons 7:.t»r
1 1:1 » i- Ban Joseaml Principal Vfxj Ntatlmis tt: l,^»
f3:00r San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations. iS:AM«
I 5::tl»r Saii.l<>»« »n.l rrlr.ciri*! Way .Stations «»:i."»A
' ' «:'JOr San Jose ami W«» 8tat!ov« '.... (*'•"<>*
»ll:45rS»n Jim- ami Way Stitlons 7:30f
1 A for Morning. - 1* tot A ftemonn.
t uniuiar eimpud. '• '. ; ~ I Sauday onljPL
j 0 Blondays, Wedatxlin Fridays.
< 0 Tnesdaya, Thursday*. Soadays.
a datur<l*j only,
CALIFORNIA NOaTflWESTEBN RT. Ctt
SAH FBANGISCO AND NUHTR PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market St
Son Francisco u> San Kafaa!.
TIBTJRON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET dT.
WKEK DAYS— 7:30. »:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, 3: JO.
3:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11 :» p. m. • • , „
STINDAYS-8:00. J:30, U:C0 a. m.: 1:». i.to.
6:00. (:Z0- p. m.
oa:i ..j.j:; to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. 9:M, 11:10 a. m.; 12:15.
J;40, 5:10 p. m. gawrdays— Extra trlpt at 1:33
and €:S5 p. m. ¦ • . «
SUNDAYS— 4:10. »:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. »:«.
6:05. €:J5 p. m. - • «_"».
Betweea San Francisco and Scnuetten Park.
' same schedule aa above. ¦
Leave I In Effect I ArrtY«
San Francisco. (Nov. 7. 1300.1 San Francisco.
J Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya, | Deatlnatlon. | day«. | Day*.
7:30 am »:0»am Novato. 10:40 ami 8 :W am
2:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:OS pm 10:2* am
6:10 pm »:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:3a pmj 9:22 pm.
| ~~ Fclton,
7:3C an Windsor, 10:28 «n»
1 Healdsburx.
. Lyttan.
, . - Geysenrtll*,
8:20 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3a pm »:a pra
" 730 ami I Hopland I t
; , I »*0 ami and UkUh. \ 7:85 pm| t:J2pm
7:30 am ' v 10:2S am
* 8:00 am Cueraemie. 7:35 pm ¦ ¦
t:»0pm <:32 P m
7:30 am 8:00 am Scnoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and f
f S :10 pm 6:00 pm . Glen Ellen. »:(B pm| J:B pm
r 7:*) ami 8:00 ami 110:40 arailO:» am
S:30 pmf 5^00 pm[ SebastapoL [ 7:» pm| i:1I pm
"" ""stages connect at Santa Rosa, for Mark 'West
- Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrufla; at Ljrtton for Lytton Sprtnjsi; at
GejrMrvMe for Skasri Springs: »t Clover-lala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. ¦ KeUejrvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lrfakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel D«ll Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley"* BuekneH's.
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendoeino City. • Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Willetts, Laytonvllie, Cummlngs. Bell's 3prtn«a,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. ScotU and Eureka. :. .
1 Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re>
1 duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
•' Ticket office, £50 Market st.. Chronicle bulld-
i itj» B. X. RTAN.
I H. C. WHITINO. G«n. Pasa. A«t.
I - - ' - Pen. . Manager. ...
; MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
i ' Via g«r^-w»« Ferry— Foot of Mirket St.
! i«. man mar*. "_ ' »n. •«<• »«»>«.
It 9:15 a.m.") -ws-iTTr n w^ f 3:(1 ° p - *•
1M5 r. m. V— r ~ WEEK DATS — rr « «:25 r. u.
, 4 : co p. m. j S ta 7 0 ver nigh t at the t avern ( 10:35 a. m.
8:iT0a.M.1 I I***-".
ll:3OA.M.f -.BV5DAYS , 43MI.
1:15P.M.) I 3:S»r.K.
Fare. S*n Francljcn to Summit »nd R;mra. f 1.40.
I Ticket Offices. 621 Market St, & Satwalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARST ST. Established
In 1 <*.vt for the treatment of Private
Dt.<w>sux>!i. I^nt Manooud. ; Debility or
dixr>as«* wearing on body«nit mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. CbargM low.
t'urr* anitrant+rtl. Call or write.
1>i-. J. I'. CIBBON, bau Francisco, CaL ¦ _ ¦ ¦MRS. MURRAY AND ATTOR
NET HASSETT'S SCHEDULE
OF COMMISSIONS.
If the world be d!vlded into land and
water hemispheres, London Is the center
of the land. New Zealand of the water.
No Opera To-Night.
Owing to a slight cold Madame Sem
brich will be unable to appear this even
ing, and the performance of "La Travl
ata" announced will instead b© given on
Monday evening next, March 23. Tickets
for to-night may be exchanged at box of
fice.
Tho rest afforded Madame Sembrich be
tween now and Saturday will positively
insure her appearance ln "Don Pasquaio"
at the Saturday matinee In perfect voice,
when this charming opera will be given
for the first time ln San Francisco ln
many years. '
The repertoire for the second week,
which has just been announced, is most
promising, with "La Travlata" for Mon
day evening and "Lucia" for Wednesday
evening, which will be the last evening
performance of the season. The last matl
neo on Saturday, March 30. has not yet
been announced. The sale of seats for the
second week opens to-morrow (Thursday)
morning at the box offlce. It should be
noted that the performances for next
week are on Monday and Wednesday
evenings, instead of Tuesday and Thurs
day, as previously announced.
Woodworth Is Sworn In.
The commission of Marshall B. Wood
worth as United States District Attorney
was presented to Judge Morrow In the
United States Circuit Court yesterday by
F. L. Coombs, the retiring United States
District Attorney. Mr. Coombs eulogized
Mr. Wood worth, and Judge Morrow eulo
gized Mr. Coombs and expressed the hope
that the Congressman would not abandon
the bar now that he had become a poli
tician. Then Mr. Woodworth eulogized
Judge Morrow and Mr. Coombs, . after
which Mr. Woodworth took the oath of
offlce and received the congratulations of
his friends.
The homecoming: from the Legislature
was a sad half day for the "push" ele
ment of San Francisco. The "cinch" bills
of the session failed to produce the results
so fondly hoped for and long was the re
frain of disappointment. Martin Kelly did
not attempt to enliven the spirits of his
despondent followers. He simply remark
ed from time to time in dreary monotone
that the "boys hadn't been treated right."
Sam Rainey echoed the sentiment that
the boys were badly treated. "Colonel"
Martin Brady was the only one of tha
crowd that did not succumb to the gloom
of the dreary occasion. This hero of Junk
ets fared better than the most favored of
his associates, yet the session did not
yield the "stuff" that the Assemblyman of
the Forty-third expected. . ; -
Comments on the "tightness" of the
Santa Fe Impelled the "colonel" to speak
hia mind about corporations in general
and this one in particular. As the train
of the Southern Pacific was nearlng the
Santa Fe crossing at San Pablo the "col
onel was told that he might have the
privilege of walking on the Santa Fe. track
to Point Richmond. After reflectine on
the prospect, the "colonel" remarked: "I
wouldn't get off the track for a train un
less the whistle was blown. I would make
the company give up something if only
the sound of the whistle, which was more
than was given up at Sacramento."
At the outset the old timers, sizing up
the value of the China Basin lease- as a
water front privilege, figured that the
company ought to give the boys an op
portunity to divide a sack of J40.000. Why
the figure was placed at $40,000 It is not
clearly explained, but the "push" enter
tained the belief that the Santa Fe should
"loosen up" and "do the proper thing." It
was remarked that three of the Senators,
as well as several Assemblymen, made
a serious protest against the grasping and
selfish tactics of the Santa Fe. "The boys
are hunery and the Santa Fe should do
something for them," pathetically ex
claimed an old timer In the Senate, and
while the "push" was waiting for the sack
that never came the Legislature ad
journed.
The •session In the Senate was not de
void of amusing incidents. A San Fran
cisco Senator, whose eyesight is not of
the keenest, on more than one occasion
addressed remarks to Dr. Rowell. fancy
ing that he was speaking to Senator J. R.
Tyrrell. Dr. Rowell's hair is gray and
abundant and so is the hair of Senator
Tyrrell.
The last named Senator began to appre
hend that mistaken Identity might cause
secrets to be given to Dr. Rowell which
the Senator from Fresno would not keep.
Therefore Tyrrell said to his colleague
from San Francisco: . . : *¦
"You ought to get a dark lantern an'l
make sure that you do not. give to Dr.
Rowell the points in our business." •
Cinch Bills of Late Session
Pail to Yield Expected
Returns.
SAD HOMECOMING
FOR CITY'S PUSH
Cheaper Than Staying" at Home.
$20, including, berth and meals, for a 5
days* trip on the elegant steamship Co
rona, sailing every Friday, for San Pedro
ami Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz
Monterey, Port Harford. Gaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura and other Interesting
points, allowing time for passengers to en
ashore, arriving San Francisco Wednes
day morning. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, office 4 New Montgomery street
under Palace Hotel. * • - ¦'
Died Prom His Injuries.
Pat McCrearyj who was hit on the head
by.,a falling Btanchjori on board the trans
port Meade la«»t ¦ Monday,' died at the:Re
ceiving ;r* Hospital li yesterday." McCreary
was < standing on, the lower deck of the
vessel, and while of the men on the main
deck ;.were making preparations . to : ; close
down : the .hatch 'the stanchions went
through the hatchway and hit him on the
head; .fracturing .his skull. A He was treat
ed \ to -.the Harbor Receiving Hospital -by
Dr.: Bauer ¦ and $ subsequently sent - to < th«'
Emergency Hospital at the City -Hall.-.
Change in Date of Barraque Concert.
The concert that Is to bo given by a
number of society ladies for, the benefit of
lime. La Barraque, the beautiful blind
singer. i« to take place at . Sherman &
Clay Hall Tuesday evening. April 16 in
stead of next Saturdav night. Sho is an
accomplished musician and deserving oi"
the benefit, the proceeds from which are
to be devoted: to obtain a -higher educa
tion for her.
CHARLES FOX TAY'S WILL
ADMITTED TO PR0BAIJ3
It Disposes of but a Small Portion of
the Large Estate Ha Accumu-
lated.
The will of the late Charles Fox Tay,
president of the George H. Tay Company,
was admitted ; to probate Monday. ¦• De
cedent's estate Is not large, but is suffi
cient to pay expenses of probate and some
small legacies. Shortly prior to his death
Mr. Tay gave most of his fortune to his
wife. This action was taken by him in
contemplation of an operation. for appen
dicitis, which resulted fatally.
INSTITUTE TRUSTEES .
DISCTJSS NEW BTJUjXHNG
Appoint. Committee to ' Look Into
Matters of Selection of ' Site .
and Cost. . '
At a meeting of the Mechanics' Library
trustees : held last night the Question of
the advisability of putting up a new
building was discussed at length. A num
ber of the trustees contended that the
present quarters were suitable, while oth
ers were of the opinion that as the build-
Ing used by the institute now was not fire
proof or modern In any way the, valuable
collection of bocks should be protected by
the erection of a new building.
A resolution was offered and ¦ adopted
which provided for the appointment of a
committee of five members to examine
into the selection of a site and the cost
of a new building. : ->. .. :
An amendment to the constitution pro
viding for the appointment of a commit
tee, to be known as the Judiciary commit
tee, was offered- by -Trustee Beatty. It
met wlth*the approval, of the, trustees and
will be adopted after, going through the
usual course. . , ;. - ; .
The trustees decided to equip the library
with a complete set of cable codes at a
cost of several. hundred dollars. ¦ This col
lection '.will prove : of v inestimable advan
tage to the'.merchantSiOf ' this city, as a
great -deal of business is transacted by
means of the. cable. ... : . .
President Irving appointed the following
committees to rerve for. the ensuing year:
Finance— Mead,' "Wallis.'-' Bull. • Building: and
i epalns — Bull, ; Day, - Wagoner. • Ubrary— Taus-
RiK. Beanston, - Beatty. lectures . and classes—
Von' Oeldern, Coscrave, Beatty. •' Printing and
advertising— CoFgrave, Spauldlng,' 'Von Geld
ern.: Pavilion— Wagoner. -;Neal, i Mead."* Folsom
utreet,:!ot — Wallls.v- Beanston. (Day. '• Manage
ment— Beatty. • CoBgrave,' Bull, ' Wallts, : Wagon
cr..' Exhibit— Spauldlng,-- Von / Geleiern, Taus
elg;<r Machinery— Day,-. Wallig, : Mead. Art—
Neal, Healy, Spaulding. Music— Healy, Day,
Bull. ' Ticket? i and admission — Tausslg, Keal,
Healy. Special committee on . Institute proper
ties—Beanston, Mead, Taussigr, Beatty, Spauld
ing.-- ¦ ¦ ;;. ,•¦.'.:; ¦ " •¦ ¦ ¦•.
SHERIFFS SALE.
Stock of J. Cohn & Co.
After purchasing forty-one stocks since
the first of the year, The Monarch pro
nounces this one the best and cleanest.
The goods are all new, hardly having been
opened. The stock was bought by J.
Cohn & Co: to cater to the finest trade ln
San Francisco. All the newest colorings
and latest fads are embodied in the shirts,
hosiery and neckwear, while the woolens
used ln the clothing are of the choicest
fabrics woven. The hat stock Is also new
and complete. This stock of goods will
be put on sale by the Monarch people
Thursday morning. Of course they bought
it cheep for cash, and that Is the way it
will be sold. Here will be an opportunity
to buy your summer haberdashery at a
price far beneath Its real value, and' be
sure of getting a first class article. The
sale commences at 9 o'clock Thursday
morning at J. Cohn & Co.'s old store, 709
Market St., next to the Call building. •
Straitened circumstances cause many a
man to become crooked.
XVARXIXG TO ATTORNEYS.— Ex-Judre
Tread well was defending William Scott a col
ored man. charred with assault to murder fcr
«-uttinsr I>Ue Naylor, a colored woman, be'ore
Ju«1|re Cock, yeeteniay. «nd when court recon
vened «t 2 o'clock Treadwell was ten minutei
lat»>. The Judce fined him 110, being Jl for
each minute. The Jury brought la a verdict cf
simple «seault aralntt Scott.
RAILWAY COMPANY PAYS
IX5NG DISPUTED TAXES
Sheriff Ties Up Trains and Brings
Sierra Valley Railway Com
pany to Terms.
Attorney. General Tirey L. Ford ha3
finally succeeded in compelling the Sierra
Valley Railway Company to pay Kg
taxes on property holdings ln Lassen and
Plumas counties.' The matter has been in
the courts from time to time during the
last five years, but nothing was accom
plished up to yesterday, when $7434 52, the
full amount of the taxes up to the begin
nlg of the current year, was paid by the
railroad company to Attorney General
Ford.
Suits have been entered to collect theoe
taxes as they become due, and in Janu
ary, 1000; judgments were entered in fa
vor of the State. Executions were at
once Issued to the . Lasaen and Plumas
counties Sheriffs. I The Lassen County
Sheriff took possession of one of the com
pany's trains Just as it was pulling out of
a station. Finding its rolling stock tied
up the company hastened to take steps in
the way of settlement. „
Negotiations were- «it that time under
way for the sale of the properties, ¦ and
pending the sale securities were given by
the company. Yesterday morning Pres'
dent H. A. Bowen of the Sierra Valley
Railroad. Company transmitted a draft for
the amount of the taxes to Deputy Attor
ney General Sturtevant. thus settling the
dispute. -. wv,;
\ u ¥ e ~f or a compromise came through
John T. Harmes, Mrs. Murray's agent.
"I got a telephone message one dav
from Mr. Harmes," said Hassett yester
day, making an appointment with me
t, el i z i. his offlce on Market street. I
think the message came over the tele
phone from Mrs. Murray's residence and
the time set was fifteen minutes later. I
went to the real estate offlce with which
he is connected and there met Mrs. Mur
ray. We went upstairs, and after much
talk a proposition was made to pay Mr
B °th n M $25 ??- I did not accent I t P telling
both Mr. Harmes and Mrs. Murray that
1 v y?? 1<i have to consult with Mr. Boland.
~,« . ne # xt received a telephone
message from Harmes, and he asked
W hat have you done about that matter?'
I replied that $5000 was the lowest sum we
would take, ajid there the matter dropped
"j e P ro P<>se to fight our case out to the
JSUU e i nt u nd ,i°u take u t0 th * highest
courts and should have a decision by the
Supreme Court by July." " "
Hassett's demand for administrator's
commissions is a unique memorandum It
was apparently written hastily and is in
lead pencil. The fees claimed are those
allowed by law. and Hassett very gener
ously remarks. "No attorney's fees." It is
claimed that this demand, or memoran
dum, was filed at Mrs. Murray's request
The case will come up before Judge
Troutt thi-s moraine at 11 o'clock and an
other wordy warfare is expected. A deci
sion will probably be rendered at this
time on the application of Mrs. Murray for
a partial distribution. y
Doors of Places Bobbed Are Smashed
NUMEROUS BURGLARIES
MYETIFY THE POLICE
In, Showing Evidence of Or-
ganized Gang.
Numerous robberies have been commit
ted over at North Beach during the last
week, and the police think they were the
work of an organized gang. Last Thurs
day morning the room of John Torgin In
a lodging-house at 539 Vallejo street, was
entered and robbed while he was at
breakfast. He found upon his return to
his room that the door had been smashed
from its ninees and the room ransacked
A valuable sold watch, a revolver and
160 were missing. The door had evidently
been smashed in with a sledgehammer,
but none of the occupants of the house
was disturbed by the noise.
Burglars entered the saloon and dance
hall of Manuel Terry at 222 Montgomery
avenue early Sunday morning, rifled the
cash register of $10 and carried off a quan
tity of liquor. The door of this place was
also smashed In. A shoe store on Powell
street was robbed a short time ago ln al
most the same manner.
The saloon of Joseph Frietas at 416
Jackson street was entered early Mon
w? i mo . I ? Ingr -_« Thft bur elars took the cash
left in the register and also a quantity of
liquors and a number of cigars.
Later in the morning Frietas discovered
a 1™^" tr *' fn K t0 dispose of a demijohn of
whisky on Pacific street. He notified De
tective Ed Wren, who arrested the fellow
He is known as "Shorty. McNall." •
A PLUM of nearly $SO00 is worth
fighting for, according to the
Ideas of Public Administrator
Boland. If he can secure con
trol of the estate of the late Mrs.
Almlra 6. Townsend his commissions will
amount, placing the value of the estate
left by her at $600,000. to just $7820. One
of the matters that will come up in tho
controversy Is the alleged offer of Mrs.
Murray to compromise for $2500.
- On a small sheet of paper, torn from a
notebook apparently. Attorney Hassett
has set forth his contention la words and
figures. This little piece of paper will be
an exhibit in the case and is tenderly
treasured, although, according to the
Ideas of Sullivan & Sullivan, it is worth
nothing. It reads as follows:
$1,000. 7 p?r cent $79
8.O00. 5 r>er cent 450
lO.dOO. 4 v~r cent 400
30.000, 3 per cent '" <«*)
M.MQ. 2 per cent i t ooo
tiOO.GOO. 1 per cent 5,000
Fe*s jT.SIu
Fees allowed oft tGOO.COO
M. C. HASSETT.
No attorney's fees— tGOO.OOO.
One of the interesting features in the
pending litigation is the question of the
date upon which the order of Judge Dunne
was entered placing the estate in the
hands of Mrs. Murray and the date on
which the appeal was filed. Judge
Dunne s decision was rendered on Septem
ber 17. last year, and was ordered entered
on October 4. The following day a more
elaborate and formal decree was entered
l n * h « Kinwes at the request of Sullivan
& Sullivan.
Now the law gives sixty days' time Jn
which to appeal. If the first decree en
tered on October 4 Is the one of record,
then the apDeal from the ruling of the
court made bv Attorney Hassett for Ad
ministrator Boland on December 4 was
one day behind time, being filed sixty-one
cays later. The order entered by Sullivan
& Sullivan, it is claimed, is only supple
mentary to the cne entered by order of
the court the previous day.
Administrator Boland claims that he is
entitled to administer because Mrs. Mur
ray was not a resident of tne State at the
time ehe filf-d her application for letters of
administration.
"Why," «-aid Mr. Boland. "she Just lock
ed up her house, left the key with a neigh
bor and came out here before her mother
knew anything about her coming. She
was goinjr right back, and I feel that the
estate under the circumstances should fall
into my hands."
Attorney Hassett claims that all over-
CRAVEN" CASE RECORD
IS STRAIGHTENED OUT
Motion Made by District Attorney
Byington Is Granted by
Judge Cook.
District Attorney Bylngton. with the ob
ject in view of straightening out the rec
ord In the perjury case against Mrs. Net
tie R. Craven, made a motion before
Judge Cook yesterday that the notice of
appeal, filed March 1 last, from the order
of the court sustaining the demurrer be
withdrawn and the demurrer filed in the
case b^ stricken from the calendar. ICo
objection wan offered by the defendant's
attorneys and the motion was granted.
The order of February 2. sustaining the
demurrer, ti-sls vacated and set aside and
the demurrer was pieced on the reserve
calendar pending the decision of the Su
preme Court on the motion to set aElde
the indictment of the Grand Jury.
If the motion to set aside the Indictment
is sustained by the Supreme Court It will
«r.d the whole matter and will obviate the
necessity for a demurrer, but if, on the
contrary, the motion is not sustained the
d^murrrr can then be taken up. In
either case it does not prevent the District
Attorney from p'.arir.g the matter before
the present Grand Jury and procuring an
other indictment.
Charges of bigamy and fraud are to be
filed against the notorious swindler and
ex-convict. "Sir" Harry Westwood Cooper,
alias Huntington. . .
Cooper made another appearance In the
courtroom of Police Judge Fritz yester
day afternoon, when the charge of forging
a seal of a court of record was proceeded
with. The usual crowd of spectators was
present.
Police Officer Bryan, who arrested
Cooper on March 7 In Ogden, testified that
ho found the seal and press In possession
of the prisoner.. The seal bears the words:
"In the High Court of Chancery. Probate,
London, E. C."
Attorney Murphy, on behalf of Cooper,
moved that the case be dismissed on the
ground that no evidence had been lntror
duced by the prosecution to show that
Cooper had forged a seal of a court of
record. Murphy also asked that the testi
mony of Captain Colvillo«df Crockett and
Cashier Fitzpatrick of tne Donohoe-Kelly
Bank be stricken from the records, as
their evidence had been taken with the
understanding that the prosecution prove
the charge against Coopers _,. , ,
Assistant District Attorney W hltlng ar
gued that sufficient proof had been pre
sented to show that Cooper had forged the
seal purporting to be of a court of record,
and that he could be held for trial.
Judge Fritz intimated that more evi
dence must be forthcoming, and when
the prosecution asked for a continuance
Attorney -Murphy opposed it. -After a
wrangle . among the attorneys as to
whether the case should go on. it was de
cided to adjourn the hearing until this
afternoon at 2 o'clock.
While the police feel confident that they
can convict Cooper on the charge of
"forging a telegTam with Intent to de
fraud Nora Schneider," It Is the opinion
of many criminal lawyers that Cooper
will be given his liberty on the habeas
corpus proceedings. . which his attorney
will be instituted. in a few days.
The positive evidence that Nora Schnei
der was defrauded by the bogus telegram,
sent in her mother's name by Cooper, can
only be supplied by the girl herself, and
the law will not permit her to testify, as
she Is held to be the wife of the prisoner.
If It can be proven, that Cooper com
mitted bigamy in marying Nora Schnei
der the marriage can be annulled,. and
then the girl can givo evidence.
Cooper and his attorney know this, and
will hurry'wlth the habeas corpus pro
ceedings, so there will be no chance of the
girl being placed on the witness stand.
Much surprise Is expressed in legal,cir
cles that the police did not Include In the
extradition, papers the charge of obtaining
money under false pretenses. While
charges of bigamy and fraud are to be
filed against Coooer, It Is doubtful If he
could be prosecuted on them. Under the
extradition proceedings Cooper has a
legal home in Utah, and the Governor of
that State only permitted the prisoner to
be brought to California under the under
standing that he would be prosecuted on
the two charges mentioned . In the extra
dition documents.
Swindler Must Answer Ac
cusations of Bigamy
and Fraud.
FURTHER CHARGES
AGAINST COOPER
CHARLES NELSON.
it the well-known lumber dealer
Wand shipowner, surprised his
friends and acquaintances yester
day by quietly marrying • Miss
Helen Stind, his former housekeeper.
CAPTAIN , CHARLES NELSON,
WHO HAS MARRIED HIS
FORMER HOUSEKEEPER*.
Captain Charles Nelson Marries For
mer Housekeeper-, Miss Helen Stind,
and They Depart on Wedcling Tour
The ceremony was solemnized by Rev
Dr. Rader of the Third Congregational
Church. At noon the newly married
couple left for Humboldt on the steamer
Pomona for a short wedding tour. Oi
theJr return they will reside in San .Fran
cisco for a few weeks only, preparatoiy
to an extended European trip.
Mr. Nelson is 67 years old and his bride
42. \ Nevertheless, despite the disparity in
their ages, long acquaintance ripened into
love and Intimate friends say it would ba
hard to find a more devoted couple.
Mrs. Nelson is a native of Denmark and
came to this country about fifteen years
ago. Her acquaintance w"ith Mr. Nelson
began about ten years ago, when she was
employed at his house as a housekeeper.
She remained In the employ of Mr. Nelson
up to two years ago, when she took up
quarters at 2332 Mission street, where she
has lived since that time.
The couple have been engaged for about
a year, but the matter has been kept a
secret from all save a few • Intimate
friends. Mrs. Nelson Is well educated and
very popular among a large circle of ac
quaintances.
Mr. Nelson Is well known, throughout
the commercial world of the "West. He
is a man of considerable wealth and has
been identified with many extensive busi
ness enterprises. The captain is now vice
president of the Pacific Lumber Company
of Scotia, Humboldt County; vice presi
dent of the Dickens Lumber Company of
San Francisco, local agent for the St. Paul
and Tacoma Lumber Company of Wash
ington and is the owner of several ships.
WEALTHY SHIP 0WNER
BECOMES A BENEDICT
Had the Supreme Court reversed the
judgment of Judge Hughes of Sacramento
in the case of the county of Yolo against
Edwin P. Colpan, Controller, the State
treasury wouid have been compelled to
pay out to various counties in the State
a sum of money aggregating $1,244,000. In
affirming the decision of the Superior
Judge yesterday the appellate court pre
vented such a loss. ' •
Action was brought by the county of
Yolo against the Controller to compel
the latter to allow the county a rebate In
the Bum of $26,771 20 in his settlement "for
commissions, charges arid fees as directed
and fixed by law to be allowed to it for
services of its Auditor and Assessor in
connection with the State taxes for the
fiscal year of 1893-4." The case was tried
in Sacramento County before Judge
Hughes, who rendered a decision In favor
of the Controller. An appeal was taken
to the Supreme Court, and that body yes
terday affirmed the judgment of the low
er court. .
Contention of Petitioner.
The contention of the petitioner, tho
county, was that these funds in the way
of commissions belonged to the counties
in accordance with. the law of 1861, and
also embodied in the new constitution;
and. further, that in accordance with the
revenue act of 1S74 this money belonged
wholly to the counties, because the coun
ty government act provided that the sums
allowed the various officers as salaries
was in full of all demands for- the ser
vices of such officers, and therefore no
further sums could be collected by them
on their own account, as these commis
sions belonged to the Treasurer of the
county.
In 1S93 an abolishing act was passed by
the Legislature which is supposed to have
repealed this former act. A further con
tention was that the abolishing- act of 1893
was unconstltutionel and was not an act,
for the reason that It had never passed
in accordance with the terms of the con
stitution, which are mandatory. It Is
claimed the abolishing act did not receive
the requisite number of votes in passage,
having received but twenty, and not a
majority of the votes of the Senate.
The Supreme Court in affirming the
judgment holds that recourse cannot be
had to an impeachment of the journal of
the Legislature showing the number of
ayes and noes recorded upon the passage
of an act. The fact that the president
and the eecretary of the Senate certify
that the bill has passed In regular form
Is sufficient for all purposes, and there
fore the abolishing act of 1S93 and the
county government act of 1893 are both
legal measures.
Following Is an excerpt from the deci
sion:
Constitutional Provisions.
The law-making power of the State is vested
by the constitution In the Legislature; and
while the constitution has prescribed the for
malities to be observed in the passage of bills
and creation of statutes, the power to deter
mine whether these formalities have been com
plied with is necessarily vested in the Legis
lature Itself, rince if It were not. it would
be powerless to enact a statute. The consti
tution has not provided that this essential
power thus vested in the Legislature ehall be
subject to review by the courts, while it has
expressly provided that no person charged with
the exercise of powers properly belonging to
any of these departments, legislative, executive
and Judicial, Into which the powers of the
government are divided, shall exercise any
functions pertaining to either of the others.
The opinion •was. ¦written by the Com
pissloners and concurred In by Justices
<raroutte. Hershaw, McFarland and Van
Dyke. Justices Temple and Harrison dis
sented. Chief Justice Beatty did not par
ticipate. .
Higher Tribunal Holds That Yolo
Is Not Entitled to a Rebate .
From the State Con
; > : ; troller.
Supreme Court Decision In
volving the Tax
Commission.
SAVES A MILLION
TO THIS STATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 20, 1901
Attorney Hassett Files a Memorandum
Demanding $7820 and Says Matter
Will Be Fought Through All Courts
BOLAND WANTS FEES
IN TO WNSEND ESTATE
12
fiTUPRBAKFR RROS. MFG Co.
CHANGE OF FIRM.
STUD5BAKBR BROS. MFG. CO.,
• . p. WEAVER. Mannfter. Market and Tenth Streets.
The San Francisco Branch of STUDEBAKKTt DHOS. MFG. CO. be sucoeeded
may F*irst fc>y
STUDEBAKER BROS. CO. of California,
A Local Company With Local Management.
nwSo*" 1 *™ f ° r "^ CbanCe ' We redUCe Prlce on * ver * vehlcle ln • Itock unountlror to
CE^T PneUla *" e ItUbber *"" uJ Solld Rub ber Tire Runabout Vfacons reduced TOPEB
f&SSkffT 6eat NoveltIei ' " nd the "«" ""•> neW 1901
nvB l PER a CENT* ti Ct H * rnesS> bOth EIn * le a3<1 D™ 1^ Harness, reduced TWENTY-
Twenty fine vehicle*. Including Victoria*. Cahrlol't*. Brougham*'. Fourlpa*?enrer Tram
nrery vehicle w own Included ln the redaction; ncne ure except ed
Each vehlcle p!s!r.lv tacFed. showier old and new prices Jn each instance
An opportunity of THIS KISD to buy fine vehicle* ot a reliable firm has never before
bees cflerfd - n this city.
RRITQHFQ FOR ba Rbers. bak-
DIi U OlllLO «s. bootblacks.' bath!
houses, billiard table*
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canned,
dyers. flourmllU.* foundries, laundries t>«De?*
hangers.% printers, painters, shoe factorieaVati*
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners tailors «tc
' BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento s»
DR.MCNULTY.
O^HIS -WTsLXj-KNOVTN AND BRLIABLE OLD
.1 _ Specia:t*tctir«» Blood Poison. Oonorrhrsu.Glfet.
Stricture. Seminal W'cA!;n«s*. Impotrnc* and tbtle
allied Diaordrrs. Book on Diseases of Men, free,
P. T^ a> .7 e * r lL* x P* r ' ei>e# -' I>rnw rea.'winabte. Honn.
»to.ld«Jly ;«:»toS.ao«T'(cs. Sandi»T,.iotr> 12. Ci.nsnU
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential Can or address
P. ROSCOE aie\'ULTY, M.D.
2QH Rearnywt., Nan Frsncisca. Csl-
©lERCE'S
tfJr FAVORITE
IRESCRIPTION
Jt FOR WEAK WOMEN.
SALE COMMENCES
THURSD AY, MARCH MM
REMEMBER THE PLACE— 709 MARKET STREET.
NEXT TO THE CALL BUILDING.
Up-to-date Fixtures for Sale. Sealed Bids Received.
THE MAGNIFICENT NEW STOCK OF
J. GOHN & CO.
Genls ? Furnishings
and Hats.
Made-to-Qrdet. Clothing
These goods were bought for high-class trade, and the
lines carried arc Ihe best manufactured.
SHERIFFS SALE
ADVEBTISEMENT3. J
SI ¥ I/P
I i .TV
1 1—0 1 V t*-J O
This week we will open our com-
plete importation of 24-incb FOU-
LARD SILKS for the present season,
The yarietu is much larger than we
have ever shown. The stules are all
new and' in almost everu case con-
fined to ,us. Then are all the fine
twill satin finish and the latest
colorings.
See Our Exhibition of These Silks.
Special Opening This Week of New
FancQ Rlhhons, New Persian Trim-
mings, New Kid Gloves, New-FancD
Hosierg, New Galons, Laces and
Frontings, and Elegant Black Fabrics
RTin IrT'PTIHnlTIPQ
U11U UJ uiiUUlliuo*
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
\ W JJV WILL RETURN TO ITS NATURAL COLOR t^
§>y ik you uss r=rs ;•;•;
AY CARTER'S SWEDISH HAIR RENEWER.^ §
-$^ /OR SALE BY ALL DBUCQISTS. v ; frT^fc
»ricc 7,5 cents. mlQ<"' 1
Tjie Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
HOUSE.
Making Home Inviting
and co>r Is aa art that tho reSned
housekeeper studies. TVa caa help her
it she looks at our exqutsita d«sigrn» in
Furniture for Parlor, Chamber or Li-
brary. Our handsome dining-room Fur-
nltcre. ln Chairs. Tables. BuSeta and
Sideboards, ln carved and quartered
oak. are strictly up-to-date.
HOMES FURNISHED COiTPLETELT.
CASH OR CREDIT.
All our roods are marked In plain
figures.
10 PER CENT DISCOUNT FOR CASH.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1OI5-1O17 Market St.,
Optx>«!te Taylor.
Tel. gouth 371.