¦! Continued "on Second Page. .'
Welcomed at All the Wayside Towns
State Capital, With an Enthusiasm That Told of the Death of
All Sectional Feeling in the Great State of the Southwest
BY C. G." GARLi^ONy
Spfecial Correspondent;^ of The, Can.
AUSTIN. Tex.. May 3.— For the first time in her -history' this city, the* capital: of -Texas, f was?" honored to-day •: by. a'Vj
visit. from the chief magistrate of the nation. . President McKinley_a*rid party; doubtless; left;here?feeling that- they * ¦
had been the recipients of every attention and hospitality that* could'be'shown'them.' . ; . . ';-:.,-. ' . -/'. . .': \
The city did herself proud from the; arrival of the Presidential' train; until^ its^ departure, /and- the>weil-;laid>>;,.i
plans of. the reception and entertainment committees were carried out< Wlthout.a, single • hitch. ¦' TWe city had. within/K;i
her sates a creater crowd than was Jprobably./ever'gathered; here.! a^oneTtimo'.'befofe.^'jNovVellable^estim^te^raiv'V.!
be placed on the number of strangers, but they ran far up ; into -the thousands?* .v;. I '>¦..;•/,.-¦ '¦' : : '¦ ' :^" .'¦'¦-' '--^ -¦¦'¦¦'¦'^ : V-
Tlie city was beautifully decorated for the occasion. . Congress^aveiiue, the ¦principal; thoroughfare,; over, which thetPresi- :¦ ;
dential party was driven from the station to .the Capitol, was one? mingling; color nf redi'.whitfe and blue bunting." arid flags : [
were even'where. The greeting which the ; President received ; was of; the.-, heartiest .character,- ajid^he showed:, his appreci-\* j
ation of the warm welcome extended to him by/returning smiles and-bows to the. den£c;throngjonieither/ side^ of - the : 'streets - ¦_¦''.
as he proceeded on his way through the city. \ : ' ;-•¦-. . ¦ - > ". ;; :¦¦ : ¦ • / ' ; . ,' . '¦_'/;'• - ¦• ->. ; ;i / (
The weather was all that could have been desired. -. _ 'jr. . . ..- v. ; ¦ -I i ."•' •";¦.", '¦':'¦ J .. \ .''•."''•. ;
The military display was an Interesting', feature '.of^the ."celebration. -.Tue.one;thousand F .'"andrniore7menibers-ofIthe~State'.. >
.Continued on' Second* Page. r:
fHE residence ofBenjaniinlde Wheeler," one ; of ;the ; . neatest ; and cosiest ,
h'oniea"; of \ will ibe] honored by; the presence of the President after ¦
the ¦ conclusion 1 : of .'.the, commencement- exercises', at r the ¦ university ; on * the .
morning of < Wednesday; May 15.': It T is"j the"/ programme - that,^immediately :
uponithejconcluslon^pf-.the exercises, }the; President .^andi.Mrsi- McKinleyr
¦ ¦ shall ? d*riye\ ; to^PresidenV^VhTelejr's T hb r use' and there/ with other guests,. have .
luncheon. ; .The^President ! will hayesome . time V to ;, spend i in 'the *' college • president's ¦
house,, and .there^ho; willlrrieet prominent membefs- of-, the; fa:culty/arid members; of
the Boardj of Regents. ; ; No formal affair has .been.arranged, ;f or -the principaljobject ¦'
ofithe\yisit : > willtbe;n6t:lb:n^et>the''pebple of.ithejcollegei which/, will jh'ave : already
been.accomplishedjat'the'tex^rcises.vbutUorailo^ ¦ for a "quiet :
meal, and such.wiU'be. providedfor. him. '; .V.' /-'7 • \ ' , • *]¦!•':',] 'i : 1 ' : r : . ]:. :
f,J His ; Visit 'completed^th'e^Preside'h^ •
and will arrive [again; in 'J3an. Francisco,' earlyC In' the/ evening'.- : .• '.' • ' * »'- 'k! ; • '- -.
¦/-, ..Thefollowing.iriformation-of.thejQhio Governor's party-has been given out,:- •*-/'.'
"rjc Special'^ trairt .' as; follows: r One[ baggage" car.i^ Pullman.'- special ? car, \ three i- twelve^sectlon,
drawlng-roomyslecpers,' : cine .. dining ? car l (where needed), ;< one ' B. ' &' O. ' S. \V. private ; car (for -'
. v Saturday,*'-. Miy :4— T^eavc -Columbus, -. l:30. ; p.: ro. ; -.arrive"'. Cincinnati/- 5'; p. ''m. ; - : leave. .Cinclh-Vj:
- * ; Sunday;' 1 May^B-^- Leave -St.- 'Louis,' 3:30 a.* m. r ; .arrive** Kansas City, 12:30: p. 'm.': : leaVe : - Kan.-*".
sas-City,;-l?p;im.:iv>"y.'.;;X^;'.'-?. /V :^ ? >• :-¦¦'¦-'¦' ¦ ¦' : .''¦ " ; - • ¦ " .-'¦¦ V7; J '
g^Monday?f May-jB^Af^ive^jAStyjeBasVHotJSpr.ing^^rMVr^m^-^^r.:^ . ;¦ ;„ •: -y~l> t-'~ \
r edhe^ay, :^May?S^Leave' s Laa^'ega2,';B:3tf p.>'m;;' arrive 'Badlands, 8 a. - m. •' ¦ - '¦>:• '.. :
-'.Thursday,. May,; ( ';.,*;•¦,' i ~;. ; V.' V' , ¦ .¦ ; - • y ¦¦-¦
;. "...Thelcitizens of : Callfornia;'" especially .those yalso /members F of the i Ohio • Society/ .
'.• "' ¦ '¦¦¦'!';'-' r '>. Continued^ on^Secbnd: Page. ;
fHE •_ proposition » to 'allow the President a sight of the navy yard at Mare
Island-has aroused much interest in' this -city, .and in Vallejo it has -
awakened renewed interest in the coming of 'McKlnley.
c There-, was'' a. positive statement from- Vallejo last evening, that the
people; of ;, the "-. city, through- prominent -men of the town, had requested
• >¦ • : t -. that: a. trip. to the navy,yard be. made part of tke President's itinerary
.while; at .SanvFrancisco/ Whatever -was done or said,, however, it is positively
denied ..chairman of the executive ; committee, Irving 'M.' Scott, that any
"request* from Vallejo has i ever been ; received by the "committee or by himself pei>
'so'nallyV ''-'¦* •** . •. . . • . - . ' '¦ ¦¦¦• • •'.•¦• ¦
' It" was .not -an .Interesting . conversation .that brought • this out, but such as It
¦was here it- is: ; .- ; ' •' . . , " ; ~ • :
V. "What^has ever been done ' about^ the application of Vallejo to have- the Pres
ident;visit the ; .navy, yard at ;Mare Island?" .
- ''There .has ' never: been any. application from Vallejo for such a purpose."
'v' .-."Was there ever any. application to the executive committee?"
'.' -' f.'J'No. , there was not.".*" ; ".«•.•-. -'¦¦¦¦•'
' "Or to/youl'personally.TIV.". -
(•:"N9, : there>was.not.". ¦ -. •¦• ; : '".'.' . : \.
. ¦.'..''Did-any'l one ever suggest to; you or the -committee -'that the President be
.shown.'the- navy>yard?"- i -,- : . . r ¦
. "I don't "know- anything about it/' .'¦' :
• - "Has; any ' : one • e\^r t suggested I to ' the ! President . that ¦ it would be . well for hi» _
iltiiierai^Aof f Oh|6^ s^ Governor k^nd^a iof
I ; H is ~^Party a Have i i B ee n ¦ rtpiin ced-~ A \
! Gall^f or^He; :Rebple > to Begin JDecoratihgi
\*':'. kJr^^^AS'l^r -¦..;.:' '.¦.f'"".r-'l'i?. v >.V-^.;"lif';:i>'-:J;?j«j • ¦'. • ' ",- '. '- >' v- i '-•'¦> »•¦ -v .'. • , : C ;
? SCKNES" OF {THE; HOUSE ;\VHERE~i TIJE? PRESIDENT; OF>A-*NATION fAND
-j^••.THEs*PHES^^>ENT--O^fA^^C6^EGE (WILL- MEKT.'AND.'DINE ;AND DIS- " :
i'V.CUSS.THE "CARES .OF/TI^'iR CTHARGES.' ; *' - . ¦' : V ; ''.'-' - „'
¦¦•....-. ¦ y . 1- . . . „ ¦ ¦ . ¦ •
/• - : .. . ; : ,; VALLEJO, May 8, 1001.
* By, reason of- the-United'States navy yard, Mare Island, Cal.,
¦beingjiiciuded'in'^etterritbrial limits of this city, and the fact*
- tlut^it**is > ;tl^''mbfltimpprtwt''ziaval station ! on .the Pacific . Coast,
being- second, to : none- in. its equipment as a modern shipbuilding
;plimt*(wneth.er Qoyernment or, private), in drydock and machinery,
'. and bavin g a large force of skills d mechanics on its rolls, it is earn
estly;, requested* that -the. programme of ;the Presidential tour be
change^jso fas^ to include; the^navy yard and this city in the itiner
[ary, thereby. giving, us the pleasure of welcoming the nation's Chief
Magistrate, "to whom we extend cordial welcome.
r^^^ Jv JOEL A. HAKVEY, Mayor.
VALllkjO WOULD NATION'S CHIEF.
\ VallejoiMen j Sayf the /President- Was Invited
f^^M^^B^^^^^g^^^ccM Says He
- 1 rNeyer IHeard "i^bout It—Some Opinions
M cKINLCY LEAVES THE LAND OF DIXIE
FOR BR0AD AND GRASSY TEXAS PALIN
VOLUME XXXXIX-NO. 155.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
v^SANwiFR^
The San Francisco CallVALLEJO SINCERE IN DESIRE TO HAVE McKINLEY AT THE HAV.Y YARD.
7—.-: - ¦•, . .
Buffington. He and Dunham had gone
swimming together, and he. had seen on
the murderer's left foot a deep scar.. Crill
removed his shoe for BufBngton and tho
absence of the scar convinced him that
"Crill is Crill." •
Against these to-day were Miss Willetta
"Worthington. P. J. Browning and a couple
of others," who believe the manls v Dun
liam.
Another link tending to establish Crill's
identity came In the shape of -a letter to
Assessor Spitzer from Mrs. Helen' Furman
of Sea Bright, Santa Cruz County. She
says: "> : > v i
I resided in Pueblo, Colorado, for several
years.. Charles Crill edited a. newspaper there
called, I think, the Bessemer News/ | My
daughters worked for a short time in his:of
fice and I met him frequently. The picture
In the papers is a striking' likeness. His wife
was formerly Dora Schreiber. and her broth
ers and father conducted an orchestra which
was quite famous In the town. ,. •
I heard that Mr. Crill had been a drunkard
and had taken the gold'' cure about the time
we knew him. in- 'S3 I should .say. He was
very nervous at that- time, wore about the
same kind of hat as In the « picture, kept il
on in the office while talking to ladles and
had a habit of pushing it back on his head..
I doubt if he would remember at once my
daughters or myself, but we distinctly re
member him and his young wife and little boy.
I must think the unfortunate . man accused
of the crime is. Mr. Crill of Pueblo and -that
he Is entirely Innocent. . *
The reception Crill is now enjoying will
be stopped shortly. The Sheriff's office
is getting tired of It and will put Crill
Into a cell; When this occurs Crill will
demand- his release. Then will come. the
showdown and Crill must expose his hand.
He has already consulted an attorney.
Nickel Library Rumors.' \ v
One of the. wildest of the yarns finding
circulation on the street is tha$ Dunham
met Crill. after leaving here, learned his
life history, killed him and has taken up
the. life of Crill. v - -
Sheriff Langford admits he is puzzled.
He declares Crill contradicts himself. At
one time while on the train, when Cnll
awoke, Langford thrust a picture of Dun
ham ar.d his wife in front of Crill and
tears filled the man's eyes. . When offered
the" picture again, Crill said he had seen
all he wanted of It. «.
Crill said to-night that he would be-iden
tified to-morrow by a .Mrs. J. A. Fisher,
who knew him at FJagg Station before
her marriage. She now resides here. Her
husband called at the jail this evening
and talked with Crill. The suspect says
he is getting tired of jail life. ¦
SUSPECT CRILL MAKES
DUPES OF H A WKSH A WS
Purposely Pretends to Be Dunham, Borrows
Money of Would-Be Captor and Gains
Notoriety and a Free Trip to California
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May S— While a great ma
jority of those who knew James C. Dun
ham, the murderer of the McClincys, de-'
clare Crill is not the fugitive, Sheriff
Langford and Greiner are loth to give in
and grasp at each bit of identification
¦evidence as a drowning man would at a
straw. Many who knew Dunham" most
Intimately do not hesitate to say Crill is
not the man. The, little bits of informa
tion , gf ven about himself by Crill are be
ing substantiated.
Crill is probably an adventurer and a
laker. Resembling Dunham closely, he
evidently "tumbled" to the fact .Jhat
(xreiner was after him. He saw In this
a chance to play the detective. Money
was borrowed from Greiner. This is
proved by letters in the possession of
Greiner. To do this Crill Intimated that
he was Dunham. When Crill found him
self under arrest he evidently concluded to
set some advertising out of the scheme.
All along he has made no attempt to
identify himself, but has forced the bur
den of this proof on the officers. When
he gets out of jail he will turn the noto
riety he has attracted to good account.
This he practically admits.
Bigamist or Taker.
Now that Charles F. Crill is not mur
derer Dunham, the people are wondering
what there is In the man's career that he
is hiding. The general belief is that he
is a too- much married man— in fact, a
bigamist. Crill will throw no light on
this subject. Mrs. Crill. at Cripple Creek,
the dispatches state, was never divorced,
and Crill's story that he was divorced in
Salt Lake in 1897 is denied. He is either
a bigamist or else he never married Mrs.
Crill No. 2.
Mrs. Marv Statler, *who knew Dunham
well and ate dinner with him every day ;
for six weeks a few months before the
murder, declared to-day that Crill was
not Dunham. She said . he possessed but :
slight resemblance to the murderer. Sen
ator Morehouse had acted as attorney for
Dunham and he. too, is positive the
wrong man is in custody. A. B. Post,
cashier of the Garden City Bank, knew
Dunham and he Is the man who received
the fugitive's strong box containing $900
just before the crime. After sizing up
Crill he said he was not Dunham. Mrs.
Parker, who nursed Mrs. Dunham when
their baby was born, and John Klink of
Campbell were equally positive Crill is
not Dunham. .
No Scar on Crill's Foot. •
More evidence was given by Howard
LELONG'S FAREWELL LETTER CLOAKS
NO HIDDEN MOTIVE FOR HIS SUICIDE
Friends of t^
Are Confide
Prompted >Him' w^hdvSupposed Troubles by Self Destruction
"¦¦•.'' ' . . ¦ ¦-.•¦. --..'¦
was a native of Lorraine, = France, where
he engaged in fruit growing, before
.coming to. California.?' The I "Lelong or
chard" in Southern California established
the father's reputation as a horticulturist;
and the- aon inherited, the tastes of the
father..- 1 -;¦;¦•«¦ ¦¦. * ¦.-.¦:¦/... . >.-7-. ¦¦¦'¦'¦¦'¦:-¦
-After graduating, from St] Vincent Col
lege in Los Angeles young Lelong entered
Upon the "career ."of ¦ a" horticulturist, first
in. the employ, of J. W. Wolfskin and later
as- superintendent for, Albert B. Clark,
which position he left to accept a similar
one with the San Gabriel Fruit Growers'
Association. : , ¦ '¦',
Governor Stoneman appointed Lelong a
'member of the Skate Board of Horticul
ture in 1886. In K87 he resigned and was
.elected secretary of the board, which of
fice he held until his death. In 1891 he was
made ex-offlclo chief horticultural officer,
Lelong worked untiringly for the
fruit interests'. of California. • He was tha
'.author of 'numerous reports and treatises
on> horticultural subjects that" are stan- |
dards. "A Treatise on Citrus Culture in'
California" and .'IThe 'Olive in California"
particularly have become textbooks for
horticulturists. His name is inscribed
upon the title pages of the annual reports *
of. the State Board of Horticulture since;
1ES7, each- of which contains some BOO
pages. Numerous bulletins that are in the j
-¦'¦:•,:;.¦/-;, U&$ ' ; --' .!
LOCAL COMMITTEE CULLS FOB PEOPLE OF CITY TO BEGIN DECORATING.
his assailants arrested. He recognized,
some of them despite their disguises, but
their names were withheld until they
could be placed under arrest.
The . elder Sellers was badly scarred
about the face and hands when seen to
day and he was sore from the whipping
he had received. He said the men were
disguised by having barley sacks tied
over their heads.
, The motive for the assault on Seliera
and his sons was the belief that Sellers
was responsible for Special Agent Bors
tadt being In the vicinity investigating
timber-cutting on Government land. Many
of the people living near Zebra regard
Sellers as the one who gave Information
to the Government. In consequence of the
evidence supplied many arrests for tres
pass are expected to be made. Those who
have been trespassing vowed vengeance
and last night's assault followed.
"Warrants for the arrest of several of the
mountain people will be issued to-morrow.
Special Agent Borstadt left for Fre3io
to-night. He will return in a few. day-,
when it is expected there will be numer
ous arrests for violations of the Federal
laws.
WH ITEGAPS PLY LASH
ON FATHER AND SONS
Madera Mountain Timber-Poachers Take Al-
leged Informers From Their Home, Tie
Them to Trees and Administer Whipping
MADBRA, May 3.— William Sellers, who
lives ' near Zebra, was dragged from his
bed last night, tied to a tree and- whip
ped by masked men. His two . sons.
Alonzo\ and Claude, were tied hand and'
foot | and whipped. Around the neck of
the younger, a -boy 11 years of age, , a
hair rope was placed by one of the mask
ers,, who pulled the rope tight and nearly
strangled the. little fellow. The skin 1 on
the lad's neck was badly abrased. Father
and ; sons were 1 terribly bruised by the
whipping they received. After beating
the three and keeping them tied outside
! their house^ in the night air for three
.hours the masked men took them to a
cow trail about three miles away. and or
dered them to get out of the country,;
telling them that if they remained there
until 10 o'clock to-day they would be
killed. • /
Sellers and his sons came to town to
day with George Borstadt. special agent
of the General Land Office, who has been
in the hills for the last four weeks Inves
tigating illegal cutting of Government
timber. Mr. Sellers' mission is to have
1 At Houston, .where the President's train
stopped for- an hour and a half, the Pres
ident was met by Governor Sayers, who
escorted him , as 'far as /Austin. There
was a" great demonstration at the station
and i in answer to appeals for an address
the President spoke; to the people as tol
lows: .-;.-..;;.•;. •,¦?:;¦¦• '.",-. -:V :¦¦:.•-.¦ ¦ A - J i'.
.-;.Words fail me : to r give expression ' tot the ap
preciation which r I - have for the magnificent
welcome I you I have accorded me In this ¦ city,
my' first. stop, in ;the State of, Texas. .Nothing
could be ' more . gratifying ; to t me than : to re
ceive -from my. old friend • and colleague of the
national | House of . Representatives. • your i pres
ent Governor, .Texas', welcome to the President
of the United States. 1 1 am* not an old man.
but* I. remember many of the • old : statesmen of
Texas; some -. of them : no - longer among us.
with, some of. whom I served , many : years ago
In the national house. ¦ Strong men they were,
great "• representatives of a great people they
' were. \ always looking ' after . the ¦ interests ' and
welfare , of •; this . great commonwealth and > of
this .' country. ¦ : I . hesitated to . call this . an em
pire, < and: I glad the -Governor set the ex
ample, and igave you-your true designation:
.We -are i sensitive; a 'little -on ithe '.subject of
empire -.nowadays, - but ;• if ,'• there is an empire
State - in j the rUnion it is the. State of Texas:
But I it i is •-• an I empire." like . all ( the other (em
pires . of ¦ this ' great . republic, under the •¦ domin
ion l of ", the ¦ sovereign people. . ¦ As = I ¦ have Jour
neyed > through 1 the South. - 1 • have ¦ been more
and more impressed with the fact- that';. the
South : was • contributing, quite 'its full* share in
th» I economic ) and.- industrial j development that
has been going on in our country > for tfie past
ten years and which nas given to us the proud
rank;;. of! first- among ;the manufacturing na
tions .'of . the. world. . (Applause.) ->Ten- year3
ago •¦ you : -ha4 * 1.200,000 spindles ; in , the .< South;
To-day ;¦. you ¦ have >¦ over v B,000.000."- ! .rYour coal ¦
your ••¦ Iron. > your i forests y are r- lending - : their
.wealth^: to ;the gain -of -your people. : v . (Voice:
"And . our '¦ oil."') . • And your., oil. u 'And ' you 'will
find -everything , will •¦ go smoother if, this oil Is
oily — lasting And" permanent. -^ ->...; ..-..-.- ¦¦
, But.", 1 my < fellow -. citizens, \ I .am notihere^to
At Houston.
the* immortal proclamation of ¦' liberty was
n.ade. The opportunity for learning is a great
privilege. The possession . of .-• learning ' is, ',an
inestimable prize, and I have been gjaa to note
that ¦ your I race j is endeavoring 1 wherever you
live to enlighten your minds and prepare your
selves for , the . responsibilities of citizenship
unden this : free government of ours. ' •
: ."What we want more, than anything else,
whether we be white or black." what we want
is to know - how . to do something: : well. If you
will 'Just learrf how to do one thing that is
useful better than anybody else can do that
one thing you will never be out of a job. - And
all employment is honorable employment.- The
race is moving on and haa a promising future
before.'t. It haa be«n faithful , to the Govern
ment of the United ' States. It has been true
and •¦ loyal ajjd - abiding. Fellow-cltizene, al
ways observe the law. In our recent war with
Spain your' race displayed distinguished ' quali
ties of gallantry r upon more than one field.-
You were hV the fixht at El Caney.and 8an
Juan Hill— the brave black boys helping to
emancipate the oppressed people of Cuba— and
yourrace is in, the Philippines, carrylngthe
flag, and they ¦ have carried It- stainless in
honor and. lm glory. .•'-¦¦ . . .¦
The last word I would leave with you ia to
be true and right to homes, to family, to your
selves and true : to God. - , ¦'
'Minute stops' were also made at Hemp
stead, .where- the -President shook hands
with a number of people, at Brenham, the
home*: of c. ; . Colonel Gcddings, one of the
President's old colleagues inothe Hous%
of Kepresentatives, and at Elgin, at each
of which, places he spoke a few words.
At I every station . along the j route, there
were cheering -crowds..
Send no money, but wrlta • r»i\3hoop.Racine, Wli.,<
boxl37,(or six bottles of Dr.Shoop's Restoratlva;
express paid. I? cured, pay $5.50— if not.it is frea*
¦'•,¦'*¦"• - ; "" ' ' .¦¦'.'-¦ * ; ' ' - - ,
If^You Have | Dyspepsia "
I/5S ANGELES. May, 3.— Harry I Harris
and a man known as .'.'Bob'" Taylor, -but
whose " real name } is > said ¦, to ; be McCarty,
are believed , to have, been drowned . while
rowing from ! Hueneme ". to Point ' Magu ; on
Tuesday afternoon." Both men were 'res
idents of -Oxnard and were fishermen 'by
occupation. > They were intoxicated | when
they started to row: for Point Magu.'
Two Fishermen '-Drowned:
Residents of the Northern
Town Plan Noble Re
ception for the President
SEATTLE, May 3.— The work of raising
the" necessary funds for the reception of
the* President and his party on the occa.
slon of their visit to Seattle next month
hav commenced. Chairman J. D. Hoge of
the finance committee has been .able. from,
reports given him by, the chairman of the
several sub-committees as to the amount
of monev that they would require, to form
an ac-curate estimate of the^total fund
necessary for the reception. This sum is
ccnliderablv less than it was '- at first
thSuBht would be needed, and it Is highly
irnnV>>tant -that it should be , subscribed
JSd pa!d in very promptly, in' order that
the short time still remaining for prep
aration may be used to the best adVan-.
ne'flhance "committee- comprises- the
following business men: Chairman. J. p.
Hoffe^of the First NationaTBank; S. L.
Crawford' of Crawford & Conover; Ru-
Hnioh Nordhoff of the Bon Marche; D.-E,
p A r ick of Frederick & Nelson: J. J.
Harlerty v wholesale liquor dealer; C. E.
Crane of the Diamond Ice Company,
Vnhn A Whalle"", the insurance man. This.
coSnfttee will meet at the First National
ilJnk at "10 o'clock on Monday morning.
The business section will.be proportioned
¦imnmr th« members andean active can
vas for funds started. : It is likely that
volunteers will be called upen to assist in
th T l f hfas k been decided that J3000 , will be
+v, « u'»%n rpauired for the : entertainment.
The mraey must all be raised before the
Hofe^f next week in order that the vari
ous committees may be set to work. The
decorations win be* a big- item; $1000 will
be set aside for the adornment of the
wharf^ the boat and the carriages. The
muf 1c wil? be furnished by a band I hired
bt the day. .No difficulty is anticipated in
raising the required sum In the time speci
& - An '" assistant secretary will be at once
employed to remain in charge of the head
ouarters of • the .executive - oommlttee,
which has beeen , established in the office
of Chairman McGraw in the Bailey build-,
": Chairman Redelsheimer of the commit
tee on . decorations - announces ¦'¦¦ his main
SEATTLE PEOPLE ;
; , V MUCH ENTHUSED
My - Fellow ' Citizens: : No more '. cordial ¦: or
generous .welcome has greeted me in my. Jour
ney from the , capital , of , the nation than v that
which now greets me "at; the capital' of Texas.
I am ' glad . to: be in J this ¦ city, r named I In honor
of the pioneer of American, colonization ; In
Texas, in the county -of Travis,- .-called
in honor of -, him .- who ¦ fell • at : the •Alamo,"
whence came no message of defeat. J *\v * ;
Texas; Is no longer . a battlefield : of contend
ing armies. -The. weapons; used- aw no longer
those of war : : : they . have long since given | way
to the ¦ Implements of i peace ; and - husbandry, ¦
employed In the ' development of rich: resources
in • which '¦ thU commonwealth : abounds. ? She
has a historic • past, a noble past.t Her states
men are among: ,-the : noblest, ; ablest, ; .her ¦ sol
diers among the, bravest.- 1 ; She has .before her
a mighty future. . > Her battles * to be .waged
hereafter " are . for trade • and •¦, commerce/- and
education, -> and , material ' development. ¦¦' Her
possibilities - are :: too ¦ vast i to r admit . of : proph
ecy. -¦- God:, has given : her ? everything » for.- the
comfort ,¦ and : happiness . of 'man, •; and '-. for • the
employment and use , of ; his highest ¦ and ( best
facilities. - To-day ; it- was , my , pleasure \ In % the
city of '¦ Houston "to -'experience : : one '. of > the
pleasantest * Incidents i -. of i my, .'long - Journey.-
Given ¦ into •' my ; hands ¦ by * the ' widow - of ; the
last President . of ¦ the ¦ republic * of Texas '• was
-Volunteer Guard who were here in- addi
tion to adding pomp to the occasion per
formed splendid service in managing the
crowd. The inmates. of the State Confed
erate Home and other. Confederate veter
and mingled with the grizzled members of
the Grand Army of the .Republic in doing
honor to the President. There was no
North and no South in the hearty recep
tion "which was tendered the leader of the
nation by all the people here to-day. ¦
The Presidential party was a few min
utes late in arriving, and it was past 4:30
p. m. when the train- drew, into the sta
tion, and the local reception committee,
headed by Hon. A. . W.-* Terrell, former
United States Minister to Turkey, greeted
the President and Mrs. McKlnley and oth
ers of the party. Entering carriages, the
party started to the Capitol., At: an arch
spanning Congress avenue one block from
the station the President was met - by.
Mayor White, who in a few- appropriate
remarks formally extended^ to the distin
guished guest the liberty of the city and
a most hearty welcome to all within her.
gates. ... The Mayor-- then., presented, the
President with a t solid gold key,' which
was warranted to- fit all the gates of the
city. "¦ "'¦ ¦ .'¦''.' .".'¦¦¦..•¦" / .'"¦'.'.¦'.'¦'. ¦'¦•.
¦ The ¦ President and other members en
tered the Capitol through the north por
tal. The ladies, Including Mrs. , McKinley,
proceeded to- the Senate chambers, where
a reception was tendered them by. .the
ladies of Austin, while the President, arm
in arm with Governor Sayers, led'the.way
to the west" entrance, where a vast throng
of people had assembled to hear the words
which the President had to say.? The ap
pearance of- the President on * the west
steps was the signal for a wild demon
stration of greeting on j the part j of-' the
crowd."" ¦•* ' ' ' ¦'/. '¦.*¦ * ¦¦ ,'"-'!' k . . : "!: --'•:"¦¦.
Seated on the large raised - court at the
entrance were many people, of State prom
inence. The President was introduced to
many of them and warm greetings were
exchanged. The Governor's speech Intro
ducing, the President to the multitude was
very brief.' :..v ¦;¦• ¦": -: ' ¦'• :¦-"'.-.¦. 'v.v,
J The President- spoke from notes in- a
clear, | distinct voice. ! He. is j apparently In
the best of «. health, his eye is clear," and
with the exception of a slight pallor to his
skin there is nothing to indicate that he
is not getting the best of rest and en joy r
ment out of pis present trip. . . : •
The President said: ;: <
Continued from First Page.
•r'l. thank youfor your hearty; welcome? I have
visited > a . number : of ,.the i institutions i of 1 learn
ing t provided c for. .byj your. race. •; notably ; . that
great ¦' Institution \' at .;•-. Tuskogee, in .Alabama,:
another in Savannah, 'another recently in New
Orleans, and' it has given. me great satisfaction
to observe the advancement of your race since
From the . Capitol the ¦ President i pro
ceeded to the State .University, where he
delivered an address to the .students of
that institution and the public school chil
dren of the city and from many surround
ing towns. ., •. . - ' x
From the university he was driven over
the city - and then to i the executive man
sion, where 4 he; and other members of the
party were entertained at dinner.
Postmaster General. Smith was given a
banquet to-night by the-Postmastera of
Texas. The : members of the
party. were also banqueted to-night. •' '
IN TEXAN TOWNS ¦¦'.
! ALONG THE WAY
President Is* Warmly Re
ceived V Ey ery where—
v His Address at Houston
.AUSTIN, ;Tex., -.May, 8.— Until 4:30 this
afternoon, when Austin was, reached, the
train passed in succession throug-h 1 the
cotton belt; of Texas, -the. rich' 1 agricult
ural } region ibeyohd ', the i: Brazos ;" River
known. as" the Black* Prairie, much wood
ed ; country,: and fine > grazing, land. ¦ The
President .had his first' glimpse of long
horned Texas cattle and picturesque cow
boys I on '¦';¦ range : horses. . The : President's
reception; in t the j Lone ; Star/ State ; was ? a
continuation of -the ovation" he' has re
ceived throughout j the South.' Every, honor
was J shown | him j and' his* i'party; and 'there
was much- enthusiasm. ; I Governor : Sayres
and otker- prominent State- officials met
the] President:: at . Houston, the first | stopf
ping j place; inside ; the/ Stated and'j accom
panied i him I as 'far as 'Austin.'.the | capital. 1
There . was ; a ¦ picturesque ¦ scene at ! Prairie
View, where the ¦ President ¦ addressed I the
colored students 'i oft th© > State Normal
School", on a f stand i ereoted : on", the open
prairie at .the slde- ; bf the track. ,; He,ad
vised-the. colored' people; to learn to do
one-.thing well.-: He i said in? part: ••;*; •.
To the ladies. he snoke as follows: . !
."Ladies, no iesponse la adequate to a
tribute like, this ; from the women of this
beautiful city to the 1 ladles of our party,
and to the President of the United States.
We have seen many bowers of beauty, in
our journey, country,- and if J.
thought the papers would say nothing
about it I would say that- 1 have : seen
nothing like this anywhere. I only rise
that I may express to you for Mrs. Mc-
Kinley, myself 'and all associated with us
our appreciation of this beautiful expres
sion . of good will and gracious I hospital
ity." ¦ v - ; ... .- . .. - ,r - ' ¦ ¦- V . .
the flag of the republic. It seemed appro
priate that It- should have been Blven : in-tho
city / bearing tho name . of . the soldier, states
man and hero, Generali Sam Houston, the first
President of, the republic. , '; K
I We live in a . wonderful era, and our • trus
teeship is a large and sacred one. "We must
not | ba "unfaithful to our . high ¦ mission or
falter b.efore its high reaponslbillties, nor must
we -.permit . pride or might or power to taint
our motives and lead us from the plain paths
of duty or divert us from the sacred principles
of liberty. . .
Incorporation 3>efeate<L
SANTA BARBARA, May 3.— A dispatch
from Santa Maria to-night says the hard
est fought campaign in the history of the
town ended to-day in the defeat of incor
poration by a vote of 103 to 124. : ¦* ¦•;.¦•-
Price on Murderer's Head.
SACRAMENTO. May 3.— Governor Gage
has offered a reward of $3C0 for the ap
prehension of "William Nelson, who. it is
claimed, murdered Mrs. Lillle Conway.
known as Mrs. Cuslck, in the city of Los
Angelea on April 2.
B.-.M.. LELONO, r LATE f SECRETARY OF THE STATE BOARD OF HORTI
-\'CyLTURE, WHOSESUICIDE IN CAPITOL PARK, IN SACRAMENTO,
¦ HAS" OCCASIONED 'WIDE SURPRISE AND REGRET.
PRESIDENT ROYALLY RECEIVED IN THE TOWNS OF THE LONE; STAR STATE, THROUGH WHJCH THE TfirfiN PASSED
SACRAMENTO. ,May ; 3.— The .sul-
Cide of B. M. :: Lelong, 1 secretary
of the State' Board' of ¦Horticul
ture, early lihisi mornlnir ; remained
.. thei.principa). topic. N qf^'conversa
tion during- the~- day. V.Th.e ' featpre of' his
farewell: letter,' published exclusively in
this morning's CaU.Lwhlch most: excited
comment was" the .sentence, "I am;not; re
sponsible, .but others 1 are." 7 At first' this
was resjarded*as ah indication' that! the/e
was someihiddenVinotive for the .'act; but
this theory -has not-'' been seriously Tenter-,
tained and '.the ¦ common; Interpretation
now • Riven^ is r,that ? lri^ his Etate-yofynieV
ancholia he felt-' some measure . of!'reselit
ment toward those who had encouraged
him in a/course which was . le^'dinsr him
to his doom. . A friend who walked 1 -, home
with Lelong in . the early part of the
evening declares that' he left him. in. a
cheerful mood, but there is no disputing
the fact that for some weeks past he has
been laboring under depression produced
by irregular habits and loss of sleep, and
those who know him best assert that his
suicide was prompted by the condition of
mind which resulted from, these causes. :
Lelong was held in high regard in . Sac
ramento and, for that matter,, through
out the State, not only because of his sin
gularly amiable qualities but because of
his profound learning in, all branches of
horticulture. His counsel was soueht.and
followed by orchardlsts throughout . the
State. He is survived by a widow and
young son, who had earned for themselves
a place in the regard of a wide circle hero.
That Lelong planned his suicide.delib
erately is proved not only by the presence
of the farewell letter in his pocket but
by the fact that he had selected- for .the
commission of;the-deed.'a spot in Capitol
Park-.which was not '.only quiet but
which was well lighted and would permit
the prompt -discovery of -his body. •' v
The funeral of the dead .horticultural
officer will take place on Sunday and will
be under the auspices of the Elks. '
;-'¦"¦ -, '.• .¦ ¦ , o — — : ¦ ¦¦¦.,' „ ••
FAMED AS A HORTICTJIiTTTKIST.
Lelong an Authority on Questions
Affecting Fruit In
| terests.
B. M. Lelrmg ¦was born in 'Los Angeles
In Jgne, 1853. His father, Martin Lelong,
library of every progressive fruit grower
of the State were written by him.
Secretary Lelong was superintendent of
the ¦ notable : exhibit made by the State
Board of ' Horticulture at the Midwinter
Fair.
At all meetings of the fruit growers of
the State Secretary Lelong was prominent
as an organizer and promoter of the in
terests of 'the, industry. No man in Cali
fornia has been more : widely known per
sonally by the horticulturists than he, and
his acquaintanceship extended to public
men in all lines.
Mr. Lelong's ' marriage occurred . in
March. 1S88. . His wife was a Miss Ida F.
Emmett, a niece of General Steadman of
Toledo, Ohio. ¦
Eflltor Call. San Francisco: Mare Island navy
yard Is one of the most interesting and beautl-
Editor Call. Ban Francisco: Tour suggestion
of the President's visit to Mare.Ieland should
meet his approval as a pleasant diversion from
the numerous entertainments and ret»tltlon of
moving thrones. . . JAMES TOPLEY.
Editor Call. San Francisco: The efforts of
The Call to have the President visit Mare
Island deserve the commendation of every citi
zen in California. It Is to the Interest of Cali
fornia to make Mare Island the most important
naval -station In the world. We wish you suc
cess. . ••¦'-.. . ¦ -. " ,P. B. LYNCH. .
¦Fditor Call San Francisco: We heartily in
«<ST£ut rftort? in behalf of Vallejo to have
Presidential party Include Mare Island in its
visits, and guarantee that our citizens will
make it pleasant '°' *
entertain them. V FERRY^O^
Continued from First Page.
to see the navy yard? „
"I don't know anything at all about It.
"Would there be time to include in the
present programme a. trip to the vard? „
"I don't know anything about it. I tell
VOU." .,, 'i
* "Who made up the programme? .
"I tell vou I don't know anything about
It. We are acting under the orders of the
President." and then a waiting clerk
claimed the iron man* attention and
saved him the question as to whether the
President had ordered that the navy yard
be cut from the programme.
H? D. Brandenstein, secretary of the
committee, says the matter of a trip to
the navy yard has never been brought up
before the executive committee • nor nab
. any communication regarding it been pre
sented to the meeting. ; He. says it is his
understanding that the 11^
made up by -Irving 11. Scott -and Henry
T Who"m made'it up it^; certain that
the programme was made up he re ana
thaUt was submitted to the President tor
fr Thame F p r eop1e S of- Vallejo are in earnest
in their desire- 1«- see and entertain the
* President' is shown by the following .tel
egrams received yesterday and^caHgJ
HI Sp^red^'lhe^Call^
morning: . }'*££*
tsmm
Ulilli
mmmsi
mmm
Fditor Call. San Francisco: Our sincere grat
itude and support is yours In your effort, to
bring the President to our cUy..^
tiStt
foUow vour suit Vallejo'8 interest Is yours.
We ought to "work together to make Mare Isl
and the biggest yard in t^coun^^—
Edltor'iCall. San Francisco: V-Vallejo' is filled
with gratitude for. -your efforts "to have Presi
dent McKinley visit Mare : Island. 'The chief
executive should certainly - see the greatest
naval station on the Pacific. • ¦- •-
:,'•¦¦-.' GEORGE ROE. Editor Times.
Editor. Call. San Francisco: It seems but
natural to think that the President -should be
pleased to Inspect our navy yard. 1 We are de
lighted . to have him come and appreciate your
assistance. MORSE ¦ & SHADE.-'
Editor Call, Ean Francisco: You" show the
right spirit - in advocating the Importance : of
Mare' Island Navy. Yard.- San Francisco Is in
directly as much concerned in the success of
this station as . the citizens of Vallejo. ¦
• • • S. DANNENBAUM.&.SON.
Editor Call, San ¦¦ Francisco: " Every man ' in
this city . appreciates the • Initiative you have
taken, in bringing, the Presidential party to
this' city. Keep up the good work'and'val
lejo will be always .with you. • •(. ,•;
/.¦¦• R.J..R. ADEN.' ..
Editor Call, San Francisco: We heartily in
dorse all you say in behalf of President's visit
to Mare Island and agree with you that bo
important a naval station as Mare Island has
become ehouia not be overlooked. ~"
G. W. WILSON, >
: • President Vallejo Commercial Bank.
Editor Call: San Francisco: 'The healthiest
city In the Union "awalta the coming of the
President with • great ¦ anxiety. • . . ¦ - • „
/ DR. J. J. HOGAN.
Editor Call, Sari Francisco: The Mar© Island
yard is one of the finest our Government owns.
As yet no President has seen it. Vallejo would
be everlastingly -indebted, to you if you assist
us in inducing Mr. McKinley and his Cabi
net to pay .us a visit . ' : LEVY BROS^
Editor Call, San Francisco: I beg to compli
ment you on your efforts to .bring the Presi
dent to Mare Island. He should surely visit
our plant, that did such splendid work during
our war with Spain. JOHN_ BROWNLIE. -
Editor Call, San Francisco: Your efforts to
assist us In bringing President McKinley and
his Cabinet to this city are very much appre
ciated. I quite agree with you that the Presi
dent will derive more satisfaction from visiting
one of the country's foremost" yards than being
overwhelmed with entertainments. >
• . I. DANNENBAUMV
Editor Call, San Francisco: '.Thinking that
our plant on Mare Island is of national-inter
est to the United - States I take pleasure in
thanking you for. your. efforts. ' '
M. SOLOMON.'
Editor Call, San Francisco: The President
and party would be -delighted with Mare
Island and hereafter view matters connected
therewith in a new light. L. G. HARRIER.
Editor Call. San Francisco: A visit to Mare
Island Navy Yard would impress" the Presiden
tial party more than anything else on his triD
and Vallejo. would never forget the honor.
'< ¦'. ; V ",'¦ . • W..D. PENNYCOOK.
Editor Morning Call, San Francisco: Val
lejo's citizens warmly thank you for effort*
to bring President to Mare Island. Your favor
highly appreciated.
VALLEJO MORNING NEWS.
Editor Call. San Francisco: By. all' means
President McKinley should see the great naval
station of the,. Pacific. Thanks for your sug
gestion and good words. . . ' .- - ,
. ; J. W. HARTZELL.
Editor Call. San Francisco: Should the
President and his Cabinet . visit our largest
Government' enterprise on the Pacific and ob
serve its enormous resources and possibilities
it would surely be of great value to. the com
monwealth of California. ' . - ¦
' .''.'. -•:...• CHAS. WIEDMANN.
Editor Call, San Francisco: Your stand re
garding visit of President McKinley to great
naval station at Mare Island correct. Result
should be of great benefit to California, which
in future must compete with other Pacific sta
tions for naval work. • . W. T. KELLEY
, • President Board of City Trustees.
Editor Call, San Francisco: The Chamber of
Commerce of Vallejo extends thanks, and ex
presses earnest appreciation for The Call's
splendid manifestation of friendship for Mare
Island and Vallejo. FRANK R.' DEVLIN,
President Chamber of Commerce of Vallejo.
Editor Call, San Francisco:- Should we be for
tunate enough to be honored with a visit of our
chief executive and party, the accomplishment
of the same would be due entirely to you and
your valued paper. Therefore accept our • sln
cerest thanks for your efforts In our behalf.
. GEORGE WENIGER.
Editor Call, San Francisco: The inhabitants
of the first navy-yard town on the Pacific are
anxiously awaiting the effect of your good
work. ••¦-.• s . HIRST:
J. R. 'English, Cashier. .
Editor Call. San Francisco: Vallejo appre
ciates and indorses your articles' In -behalf of
Presidential visit to Mare Island, and trusts
your suggestions will be heeded. •
CITIZENS' BANkTof VALLEJO,
! Editor Call, San Francisco: The citizens of
Vallejo unanimously rejoice over The Call's ef
forts to have the President visit Mare Island.
By all means have him visit this magnificent
monument of our Government's power.'
KESH1SHY AN & GIANT.
Editor Call, San Francisco: Wherever the
President may go no heartier welcome will be
extended to him than in our city. We are grate
ful to you for yqur efforts.
J. J. MADIGAN & CO.
Editor Call, San Francisco: A bay excursion
from . San Francisco ¦ to Mare Island for the
Presidential party would be enjoyable to them,
and the importance and posslbilties of this
greatest of naval stations duly appreciated.
V. V. HARRIER.
ful islands within our Golden Gate. Therefore
the President should not fail to visit this point
of Interest and look over the achievements of
our great Government. • K. CASPAR.
CINCINNATI. May 3.-A distinguished
party of Ohio Congressmen left to-night
over the Louisville and Nashville road
for San Francisco, where, on May -18. they
will witness the launching of the battle-
Ship Ohio; At the head of the party Is
General Charles Dick.v
A.numWer of the party are accompanied
hv thfilr wives.
"Congressman Grosvenor, who .was ac
tive in : organizing the-party. was unable
to leave, owing to the Illnes3 of rtis wife.
Westward Bound.
City Decorations.
The question of beautifying the city for
the presence of the President has become
foremost in the general plan of prepara
tion The committee on decorations has
a scheme of its own, but it will apply
only to those Streets that McKinlev will
pass over on his public appearance.
On Market street the decorations -rf.l.
beconflned to garlands of green and arc
Iamos encased in Chinese lanterns. The
same scheme will obtain on Kearny
street- but on Third street, by which the
President, will enter the citv, tlaes and
bunting will form the peater part of the
display, the reason being that when the
President passes along Third street it will
be daylight and lamps would not be ef
fe The e 'coramittee haa therefore to .rely
upon the business houses for Jecorations
along the downtown streets and upon the
people for decorations through the resi
dence portions of the city. The flowing
circular has therefore been issued by the
committee:, . ,
.The time for the arrival of William McKin-
make a speech-only to receive your^ Sheetings
and reciprocate the sentiments of this great
people! a f part of this noble Union. We are
ni? only a union of hands, but we are a union
nt hearts that none can sever. I brins you
?he g£>d will "of the nation of which you form
S V a saiute P with warm congratulations "-the
site that under the new census will have
sixteen representatives in the Congress of the
T T nitefl States. It is the sixth State in popu
lation raSktns with these other magnificent
commonwealth? of New York Pe™ 8 * 1 ™ 1 ''*!
tion " I ¦ take pleasure in presenting io you
tlie 'Secretary of State. Mr. Hay.
Continued from First Page.
have arranged to entertain President Mc-
Klr.ley and his party and Governor Nash
and his party at Redlands, Los Angeles,
Santa Barbara, Monterey and San Jose.
The correct itinerary cannot be made up
west of Redlands, but the party will prob
ably arrive at Los Angeles on the after
noon or N Wednesday. May 8; on Thursday,
May 9, at Santa Barbara; on Friday, May
10, at Monterey, where the famous seven
teen-mile drive will be taken; at San Jose,
on Saturday, May 11, and arriving in Ban
Francisco,- Sunday, May 12, or Monday,
May 13. '' .
The official list of passengers on the
VOhio" special for San Francisco, leaving
Columbus to-day, is as follows: . /
Governor George K. Na3h,- Mrs. R. S. War
ner and son, Miss Louise Deshler. Miss Helen
Deahler, Mr. 'and Mrs. Fred N. Sink*. General
and Mrs. C. M. Spitzer, Colonel and Mrs. H.
C. Ellison, Colonel and Mrs. J. II. Bird, Col
onel and Mrs. George B. Donavin. Colonel and
Mrs. C. J. Hoster, Miss Sallle Bronson, Colonel
1 C. B. Wing; Colonel Max Flelshmann. Colonel
M M. GlUett, Mr. and Mrs. Harry J. Hoover,
: Mr. and Mrs. Fred BlacK.. Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Whiting Jr., Cantain and Mrs. A. Wagner,
Hon. and Mrs. George W. Bieber. Mr. and Mrs.
E J Vaughn, Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Jdhes, Mrs.
J. P.. Shrum, Mrs. Henry Blmple, Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. Lowe, Mr. and Mrs. *\ H. Miller.
Mrs George J. Karb, Mrs. Jennie- Cashatt.
Judge and Mrs. H. S. Buckland. Mr. and Mrs.
J. Arstin Kelley, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Lam
precht. Dr. and Mrs. A. E. Evans. Mr. and
Mrs. J. V. Guthrle. J. D- Ellison. W. G. Bow
land Hon. J. F. Burkett, Hon. J. B. Allen.
11. B. Arnold, W. F. Burdell. H. A. Lanman,
CM. Peters, Hon. A.I.Vorys, J. Miller Mc-
Donald, Hon. Chase Stewart. T. Troupe. Harry
Frye. Theodore Troupe, Hon. N- Longworth,
Hon. Ferd H. Heywood. W. K. Jo«eph. W. A.
WegKer, Ralph Lazarus. Simon La^rus. Sam
uel H. Marvin. F. M. Ritezel. H. C. \or
trlede, George H. Wallrldse,^ Judge Hugh
Fisher. Bayard. Kllgour, Rev. georgeW. Col
lier. S. J- Fllcklnser. E. A. Hershey. J. P.
de Wolfe. J. W. Faulkner, J. B. Zerve, J. W.
Dages, H. S. Smith.
committee as follows: James Lee, Q. W.
Peterson, Lee Conn and W. D. McCarthy.
It is the intention to appoint sub-com
mittees of two or three on each block in
the business district. The merchants will
do the decorating, according 1 to the gen
eral plan suggested by the main commit
tee. Each merchant will be asked to put
up festoons of flags and bunting from
pole to pole along the curb line before his
place of business, i Those who desire 1 may
tben add cross lines to the buildings. For
the decoration of the street fr,om curb to
curb they have hired Mr. Nightingale to
see the various lodges with reference to
putting- up arches emblematic of their or
der, and also some of the manufacturing'
industries, which can at nominal expense
put up arches of the material pertaining
to their business.
The executive council of finance ac
knowledges the receipt of the following
additional subscriptions up to noon yes
terday:
Union Iron Works, $300; cash, $100; Lachman
& Jacobi $100; John D. Spreckels & Bro., $100;
Western Sugar Refinery, $100; W. J. (Pop) Sul
livan, $50; J. C. Wilson & Co., 130; Stein. Simon
& Co. $50; Goodyear Rubber Company, $50;
First Regiment, League of th» Cross Cadets,
1*5 • H Llebes & Co.. $25; Timothy Hopkins.
$25 : A J. McNlcoll & Co., $25: United States
Laundry Association, $25; W. H. Beatty. $23.
Total, $1250. ': : ,-j
The Subscriptions.
The Press Club of San Francisco is pre
paring to entertain the newsnaper men
of the President's party on, the night of
Friday May 17. The hour "may bo late,
as the convenience of the sue3ts will be
consulted In that regard. The entertain
ment will be a- typical club affair, with the
usual accompaniments of sandwiches, a
keg, pipes and tobacco. Besides the news
paper men from the Presidential party
there will be other, distinguished Rueats
from the two visiting traln3 and from the
city.
April 27. 1901.
The following communication has been
received from the secretary of the Presi
dent by an officer of the League of the
Cross:
My Dear Sir: Tour letter of the 19th Inst
has been received and Us contents noted.
In reply I beg to state that the matter of
which you write has been given consideration
Jn connection with- the other plans for the
President's visit in San Francisco, and it has
been arranged for him to make a brief call
on the League of the Cross Cadets early Jn
the evening of Friday, May 17.
With assurances that your kindly Interest and
co-operation are appreciated, believe me. very
truly yours, GKO. B. CORTELYOC
Secretary to the President.
To Revie-w the League.
ley, the President of the United States. Is
near at hand. .
The President will be here on May 14, accom
panied by ht3 Cabinet and many officials* in
cluding United States Senators, Congressmen.
Governors and distinguished persons from all
parts of the world. > '
During the week that the Presidsnt will re
main with us many thousands of people will
flock to the eity to witness the launching of
the Ohio, which will be unquestionably an
other glory for our city, an honor to the offi
cers of the Union Iron Works and a credit
to the unexcelled skill of the mechanics of
San Francisco. .
This is the first time in th© history of our
city that we will have the pleasure of enjoying
the presence of the President with his Cabinet
and so many Government officials.
The decorating committee will attend to the
illumination by electric light* of some of the
principal streets of the city, but we rely upon
the patriotism of the residents of San Fran
cisco to tastefully decorate their own prem
ises and give our visitors California' 3 .pro
verbial warm welcome. .
Let "Old Glory." the emblem of one of the
greatest and most progressive nation* on «arth,
wave from every housetop on President week.
eSP ' C THE DECORATING COMMITTEE.
A. Sbarboro (chairman). Charles Kt Allen. J.
P. Currier, L. R. Mead, Paris Kilburn. Thomas
J. Welsh. . -
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, S^URD^Yvf MAY 4, ; 1901;
2
' ;To7Cure'ra'iiCold^in:OneiI)iy- ¦:
.Take Laxative Brbmo^Quinlne'TabletsI 35c •
ADVEBTISEMENTS. *
A FEW FACTS . /
¦ ' ATxmt the New "Catarrh Cfuxer ~
The new Catarrh Cure Is a new depart-
ure In so-called catarrh cures because it
actually cures, and. Is not simply a tem-
porary relief. . '.':.. „•
The 'new Catarrh Cure is not a calve,
ointment, powder nor liquid,. but a pleas-
ant tasting tablet containing the best spe-
cifics for catarrh in a concentrated, con-
venient form. ...
The old style of catarrh salves and oint-
ments are greasy, dirty and inconvenient
at the best: the -new preparation being In
tablet form is always clean . and con-
venient. • : . /_• :'¦ ' • . .. •
The new Catarrh Cure is superior to
Catarrh powders because" it is a notorious
fact that many catarrh powders contain
cocaine. * • ' . .
The new Catarrh Cure Is called Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets, a wholesome combina-
tion of blood root, beechwood tar, guaiacol
and other antiseptics, and . cures ¦ by Its
action upon the blood and mucous ' mem-
branes, the " only rational' treatment for
catarrhal trouble. -
You do not have to draw upon . your
imagination to discoyer ".whether ..you are
getting benefit from Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
Tete; improvements . and < relief are appa-
rent from the first tablet taken.: v-
All druggists sell and recommend- them.
They cost but 50 cents for full sizedrpack-
ages, and any catarrh . sufferer who has
¦wasted time and money on sprays, salves
and ' powders . will appreciate <, to the • full
the merit of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets. '
ADVESTISEMZNTS.
Hoods Sarsapanlla
Has. won success far beyond the effect
of advertising only.' -
, The true secret of its wonderful popu-
larity is explained, entirely and only,
by its unapproachable Merit. .; ,
Based * upon a prescription which
cured people . considered incurable,
which , accomplished wonders astonish'*
, ing to the medical profession,.' \
Hoods Sarsapanlla
Includes the concentrated values of the
best-known vegetable remedies, united
by such an original and peculiar com-
bination, proportion and process as to
secure curative power peculiar to itself.
Its clires of. mild and extreme cases
of scrofula, eczema, psoriasis, and
every kind and degree of humors, as well
as catarrh and rheumatism — prove
Hood's Sarsaparilfa
the best blood purifier ever produced.
Its cure3 of dyspepsia, biliousness,
nervousness, loss of appetite and that
tired feeling make it the greatest stom-
ach tonic, nerve-builder and strenjrth-
restorer the world has ever known.
Hood's Sarsapanlla
Is a thoroughly good medicine. " Bezin
tpiakejt TO^AY. Qet HOOD'S.
DJ). METERS & Ga jpgi)B \
ease and Weakness 3j$$ 3• ¦ - - • • '
SACRAMENTO'S MAY QUEEN, HER PRIME MINISTER AND THREE MAIDS OF HONOR CHOSEN TO REPRE
SENT NEIGHBORING VALLEY TOWNS. TO THE BEAUTIFUL SOVEREIGN AND HER COURT THE ELITE
OF THE CAPITAL CITY DELIGHTS IN PAYING HOMAGE.
BIGGS; May 3.— J.' P. Harisen, who made
an attempt at suicide some • time/ago -by,
cutting the arteries of, his wrist, has been
away : from his home since the 26th < and
no trace of him can » be found.' It is the
opinion of his friends that he has commit
ted" suicide. When last seen he ; was go
ing toward Feather ; River. : He • was a I
member of - the Odd Fellows' < Lodge ? of j
Would-Be Suicide Missing.
LONG BEACH, May 3.— A gasoline stove
In the 'Pasadena hand laundry, on Pine
avenue exploded at . 11 a. m. to-day,-se
verely burning on the ' hands, arms and
body Mrs: H. R. Ward, .wife of the pro
prietor. Captain Frazier and his ; son,
Fred, of the Curry House,' next door, had
their hands badly burned in extinguish
ing Mrs. "Ward's clothing, which had
caught fire from the burning gasoline. H.
R. Ward was -badly burned about the
hands and arms in helping to save his
wife. -All will recover. The monetary
damage was nominal. /
Oasoline Stove Explodes,
The new company has closed a contract
with the Shasta Electric Light and Power
Company for electric power, which is to
be supplied not later .than November- 1,
1901."
A- company has been organized and all
of the stock subscribed. There will be no
stock placed upon the market; as the road
Is projected- solely as - an investment for
private capital. The freight contracts that
have been offered In the event . that the
road be built are sufficient to warrant the
outlay and- assure interest upon the capi
tal stock.. * ¦.-;. . . .. ; . -
. REDDING, May 3.— A party of capital
ists representing the Fair and Crocker es
tates and others in close touch with the
Southern Pacific Company, which Is said
to favor the enterprise, has procured
rights of way for the- construction of an
electric railroad from ' the . Sacramento
River to the Bully Hill mines, a distance
of twelve miles, and will have its survey-
Ing crew upon the ground within a few
days. The work will be prosecuted with
all the rapidity possible, and within ninety
days contracts will be let for the con
struction of the road. It is to be a stand
ard gauge road, to , connect with -the
Southern Pacific at or near \ Kennett and
have its. terminus at the smelters of Cap
tain de la Mar, at Bully Hill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Surveyors Will at Once Lay
Out Route for an Elec- "
trie Line.
RAILS WILL BE LAID
TO BULLY HILL MINES
on Monday, but the first big event will b«
the floral parade on Tuesday, followed bj
the great labor demonstration on Thurs
day. The weather has cleared and every
thing looks favorable for the success ol
the fair.
At 1 a, m. the situation is one approach
ing desolation In a large section of che
city The burned district reaches from
Burbridge street on the north to the St.
Johns River on the south, a distance of
not aulte two. miles. The width of the
desolated area is thirteen blocks Within
this space practically everything is black
ened ruins. On Bay street, the principal
mart of trade, going west, the Western
Union Telegraph Company's building is
the first building standing. Everything
east of Laura and Bay Is gone.
At 10-15 o'clock the fire was under con
trol having practically burned itself out.
The suburban settlements, with the excep
tion of La Villa, are Intact. La Villa was
badly hurt. The extent of the damage
cannot be told until to-morrow. Thou
sands of persons are on the streets to
night homeless, with practically all their
worldly possessions upon their backs. The
depots of the railroads, situated in the
southeastern section, have been f turned
Into temporary lodging houses and hos
pitals. Luckily, the weather is fine, 6O
that there will be no suffering on that
Meetings of the City Council, the com
mercial bodies and the charitable institu
tions will be called Saturday morning to
devise ways and means for meeting the
situation. It is not known yet if an ap
peal for help* will be issued. -though It Is
likely that the exigencies of the occasion
will demand such action. It is hoped that
an appeal can be avoided.
Mayor ' Bowden at 1 o'clock this morn
ing says the property loss will exceed $15,
000.000. Ten to fifteen thousand people are
homeless. r - , ¦¦:. \- > •,'•> "
*/| Estimate of the Losses.
•A partial estimate of the losses, as se
cured up to 8:30 o'clock last night, is as
follows: I " -
Cleveland Manufacturing Company, $25.
000; Commercial Bank, $50,000; First Na
tional Bank, $15,000; Huhbard's block.
$50,000; Industrial Savings and Trust Com
pany, $5000; Windsor Hotel and annex.
$35,000; St. James Hotel,. $40,000;- Hotel
Placid, $15,000; Mohawk block, $50,000:
Gardnerjjuilding, $200,000; Furchgott build-
Desolation in a Large Section.
The new Furchgott building was soon
ablaze- and then quickly the Gardiner
building was also a mass of flames. Down
the street the fire spread with great ra
pidity and the entire section of Bay street
from Market to Main and extending for
five blocks was burning all at once.
The city buildings went, the Fire De
partment building, the armory, the Coun
ty Courthouse; the Clerk's office, contain
ing the county^ records; the Criminal
Court house, the County Jail and the
graded schools and the Catholic church
and orphanage, St. John's Fpiscopal
Church andthe convent. All this destruc
tion was wrought In less than four hours.
Six lives are reported lost In the confla
gration The Mayor has called a meeting
Sf the City. Council for to-morrow f to con
sider ways and means of relieving the
sufferers.
City Buildings Burned.
Soon Senator Tallafero's residence, then
the adjoining houses on that block, were
ablaze, and in spite of all efforts to save
the Windsor and the St. James hotels
both hostelries were quickly enveloped In
flames. For quite an hour the guests In
the Windsor had been busy packing their
trunks and many of them had gone away
loaded with trunks and grips, some, un
fortunately, to the United States Hotel,
but most of them to Riverside.
Leaping across the street from the
Windsor the flames attacked the Seill3
House and then the Methodist parsonage
and in a few moments the Trinity Meth
odist Church was a mass of flames. The
opera-house block followed and the Rich
ards and Livingstone boarding-houses. A
desperate effort was made to save the
Baldwin mansion, vhich was recently
purchased by the Elks for $18,000. No
earthly power could save this building and
that entire block and the one west was
quickly a mass of flames.
Once the fire got started on Main street
the closely adjoining buildings went, one
after another. Taint shops with barrels
of oil were plentiful In this district and
as they caught fire, one after the other,
the blaze, rising hundreds of feet high,
quickly set the buildings across the street
on fire. When - the Hubbard hardware
store began -to burn the people scattered.
Hundreds of pounds of powder and a
great deal of dynamite were stored in tms
building. In ten minutes there was a roar
and the building collapsed like an egg
shell. The dynamite and powder had ex
ploded. Here again there was much dan
ger for the firemen. ' Cartridges began to
explode and bullets began to fly around
and the effort to fight the flames at this
point had for a tinie to be abandoned
This was only the start of the most In
tense-part of the fire.
Collapses Like an Eggshell.
The casualties cannot be accurately es
timated to-night. That there were sev
eral seems -to be well authenticated.
Among them, was that of the Fire Chief,
who sustained a bad fall. In all six lives
are reported to have been lost.
The Mayor ordered all saloons closed
and has impressed help to clear the
wreckage. The Mayor, at a late hour,
stated that he estimated the loss, at $15,
000,000 and that 10,000 to 15,000 people were
homeless. * ;T
W. W. Cleveland, In whose premises the
fire originated and who was one of the
heaviest losers, dropped dead from excite
ment. ¦ ¦ • • - _
A stalwart negro bringing a trunk on
his head from a burning building went
crazy from the horror of the situation.
He ran around a circle with the trunk on
hi3 head until he sank exhausted and
died.
At night the military was ordered out
to guard the household goods piled nlKn
in vacant lots.
Along the entire length of Beaver
street, from Davis to the creek on Liber
ty street, all buildings were destroyed.
For fourteen blocks Ashley and Church
streets have both been completely blotted
out. When the fire reached Bridge street
In its eastward course, it enveloped in
flames an area three blocks wide, taking
In Duval, • Monroe and the ncrth side or
Adams street, burning that entire section
of the city and running fourteen biocks
to the Duval-street bridge. *
The fire covered, as far as Is definitely
known, a distance of two and a half miles
by half a mile wide. When the fire
reached Julia street It was a. roaring con
flagration and there was no prospect of
it being put under control. The local mili
tary companies were called out to keep
back the crowds and the Fire Department
began to use dynamite to blow up houses
a block from the fire, hoping thus to pre
vent it from spreading. So fierce was
the blaze, however, and so strong had
become the wind that millions of sparks
and flying, burning shingles spread over
five or six blocks, setting the roofs of the
houses on fire in advance of the depart
ment. . . , . . : _ .... . , ; ,. ,,-. ,
1 JACKSONVILLE, Fla., May 4, 1 a. m.—
The most disastrous fire in the history of
this city began yesterday shortly after
noon in a small factory, started by a de
fective wire, according to the best belief,
and. burned for nearly ten hours. In that
time a property loss estimated at from
$10,000,000 to $15,000,000 was caused. Ac
cording to the city map, 130 blocks were
burned,' many of them in the heart of the
business and^residence sections. The es
timate of houses to the block is 'ten,
hence 1300 of them, went up in smoke.
Many of the finest public and private
buildings were destroyed, Including ho
tels, theaters, churches and residences.
RIVERSIDE, May 3.— The polo game
to-day between Riverside and Santa Bar
bara was won by the former. Riverside
gave a handicap and the score was: Riv
erside, 10; Santa Barbara (including han
dicap), 8.
Eiverside Wins at Polo.
SAN DIEGO, May 3.— In the Superior
Court to-day Andrew and Natividad
Maxcy, sons of Asher E. Maxc;-, filed a
petition to contest the latter*a will. The
elder Maxcy died in Los Angeles not long
ago, and left a considerable estate. The
two sons reside here and a small part
of the estate is here. The sons ask that
the probate of the ¦will be revoked and
that they be allowed to contest it. la
their petition they allege that when their
father made the will he wa3 unduly In
fluenced by their sister, Mrs. F. Jones of
Los Angeles.
dent "Was Unduly Influenced
by Their Sister.
Allege in Their Petition That Dece-
ASHES E. MAXCY'S SONS
WOULD BKEAK HIS WILL
Ing. $75,000; Seminole Club. $15,000: Elk3
Club, $35,000: opera-house, $10,000; Harki
mer block. $25,000; Palmetto block. $25,000;
H. & B. \V. Drew. $15,000; Hotel Richelieu,
$5000; Ely block. $18,000; Gilkes building.
$25,000; Nederman block, - $30,000; United
States Hotel, $25,000; Albemarle House.
$5000: Christie. Grover & Co., drugs, $100.
000; McMurray livery stable. $50,000: New
York Steam Laundry, $18,000; B. D.
Knight & Co.. $20,000; S. H. Kress & Co..
$10,000; A. B. Campbell Co.. $50,000; Heffley
Bros., drugs, $10,000: Cable Piano Com
pany, $50,000; Auditorium and skating
rink, $30,000; C. C. Beets, drugs, $18,000;
Law Exchange. $15,000; police station
(rented), $8000; Greenleaf & Crosby, 5150.
000; Merchants' National Bank. $10,000:
Florida Hardware Company. $5000; East
Florida Printing Company, $20,000: Rltz
wjeller Shoe Company, $S0OO: Belvidere sa-
Idon, $25,000; St. John Hotel, $5000: Smith
building, $28,000; Barton block. $SO0O; St.
Mary's Orphanage. $30,000; Church of the
Immaculate Conception, parsonage and
St. Joseph's Convent. $110,000: Cookman
Institute, colored school. $10,000: First
Baptist Church. $10,000; St. John's Epis
copal Church, $50,000: McTyre Memorial
Church (Methodist), $33,000: "W. S. Ware's
residence. $100,000; Senator Talllaferra's
home. $10,000: J. R. Parrott's reaidene**.
$35,000; Mr. Pollock's residence, S15.0OO;
Colonel H. Bisbee's residence. $10,000;
Judge W. B. Owen's residence. $S00O.
From Ten to Fifteen Millions of Dollars
Is the Estimate of Loss of Property.
Many Fine Buildings Are in Ashes
Six Lives Are Reported to Have Been Lost
in the Fierce Flames That Swept the
Heart of the Principal Town of Florida
CITY OF JACKSONVILLE
IS IN RUINS AND 15,000
PERSONS HOMELESS
The rearrangement of Southern Pacific
train service consequent upon transferring
through trains from the coast line back to
the main line has . been definitely fixed
upon, and , will go into effect - to-morrow.
The coast line limited was discontinued
on MayU. The New Orleans express will
resume its old schedule on the main line,
leaving this city at 5 p.. m. In its place
on the coast line will be a light local train
running between San Francisco and Los
Angeles, • and leaving, the Third and
Townsend streets depot at . 6 p. m. ."The
only other noteworthy changes on the coast
line-.' are: The second morning. local for
San Jose will leave at 7 o'clock instead of
6:45,' and the Sunday excursion will leave
at 7:30 a. m. instead of 7. .'
On the main line the 8 a.m. Bakersfleld
local via Livermore has been shortened, to
a Stockton local, and a new Visalia local
put on, leaving at 7:30 a. m. via Martinez
and Mendota. .The 3:30 p. m. Fresno local
will be discontinued." ; -. -_;• .
Schedule Takes Effect. To-Morrow.
Um SOUTHERN^- T|ME
GRASS VALLEY, May 3.— The golden
wedding anniversary of .Mr. and Mrs.' L.'
J.: Blundell was celebrated at their home
in this city on Wednesday. They were
married at Savannah, 111., on May 1, 1851.
They crossed the plains in 1854 and settled
at Thompsons Flat, the present site of
Oroville, and* came to. Grass Valley" in
18G2 Mrs. Lee Snyder of Grass Valley
and Mrs. Laura; Sheldon of Sacramento
are the only surviving children of : .the
couple. Both Mr. : and Mrs. Blundell ¦ ore
in the best of, health.-
Golden Wedding Anniversary.
FRESNO. May 3.— Chris Evans, the ban
dit and. outlaw, who is in Folsom - under
sentence of life imprisonment, has given
notice of his intention to apply for a pa
role. He was sentenced in 1893 and his
conduct since is said* to have been exem
plary. He holds a position of trust in the
drug department at the penitentiary. His
wife lives in Visalia, where she Is support
ing herself and family at washing. '
emplary Prisoner in
Folsom. i/>:-Jci:
Notorious Outlaw Has Been an Ex-
CHRIS EVANS WILL-.
APPLY FOB PAROLE
BAKERSFIELD. May 3.-The Manhat
tan Oil and Gas Company has been or
ganized for the purpose of prospecting for
natural gas. The first operations will
be started soon. The site selected for the
well is east of and near McKittrick and
to the north of Asphalto. The geological
structures at this point Indicate gas de
posits, and It is believed gas will be
found in abundance. The oil of the Mc-
Kittrick district carries much gas, a cir
cumstance which points to the fact that
the la-tter may be found near at hand un
accompanied by other matter.
To-morrow W. B. Chaney, one of the
promoters of the company, will leave for
Ohio with the object of interesting the
capital of the Eastern gas belts in this
new undertaking. '
Aim of a Company Formed to Operate
Near McKittrick Dis
trict.
whl prospect fob,
NATURAL GAS FLOW
Norton bears a good reputation in
Needles and is a* member of several se
cret societies. For years he has been
prominently Identified with the Order of
Railway Trainmen. He is said to be re
lated to wealthy residents of Louisville,
Ky., where he formerly resided.
Sherry came to Needles recently from
Leadville. Colo., being a member of Tim
berline Lodge No. 99. Order of Railway
Switchmen, of the latter place: ,
SAN BERNARDINO, May 3.-News of a
sensational murder at Needles, on the
Colorado River, reached the Sheriff's office
to-day. At a late hour last night J. D.
Sherry, a switchman, and TV. D. Norton,
a brakeman, both employed by the Santa
Fe Pacific Railway, , became involved in a
dispute.' Sherry made a remark that
greatly angered Norton, and instantly
drawing a pistol from his pocket Norton
fired, the bullet taking effect in Sherry's
right lung. The wounded man died at 9
o'clock this morning. Norton was arrest
ed by Deputy Sheriff Burt and is now in
jail pending a preliminary hearing, which
will be held at Needles to-morrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Fe Brakeman Takes
the Life of a Fellow-
Employe.
MURDER TERMINATES
QUARREL AT NEEDLES
portunlty for the May Queen and her
court to appear in connection with the
street fair events. On that occasion Miss
Tufts will be gowned in white organdie",
with a wreath of pink roses about her
Mrs. John Manning lives near the ceme
tery, just beyondthe city limits. She was
returning home when, turning the corner
of Sixteenth and Ontario streets, she ran
directly into the bears. The large ' one
with the cubs ram toward her. The wom
an screamed as she fled to the nearest
houses,- and the bear, after following her
a short distance, turned and entered some
bushes. ' ¦ " ••'¦¦ '
Later a boy named Dugan was chased
by the female bear, which. he disturbed
while she was feeding off a dead sheep.
The bear evidently had been hungry and
had come from the woods in search of
food. Several men went out this after
noon armed with rifles and a supply of
cartridges sufficient to kill a dozen bears;
but so far no slaughter has taken place. '
VANCOUVER, B. C. May 3.— Two bears
and as maAy cubs were seen to-day by a
half-dozen persons on the outskirts of the
city. The animals were within a block of
city residences, and they chased a woman
and a boy to within a short distance of
their homes. • . _.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hungry Animals Give Chase
to a Woman and a
Boy.
FOUR BEARS INVADE
VANCOUVER SUBURBS
head. The maids will be similarly attired.
All reports received from surrounding lo
calities point to an immense attendance
of visitors. .
The fair will be formally opened at noon
British Sugar Tax to Stand.
LONDON. May .'..—Replying to a depu
tation from the Workmen's and" Sugar
Tax Association to-day, the Chancellor of
the Exchequer. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
declined to consider any withdrawal of the
sugar tax. He said It was the most im
portant part of the present budget, and
he did not believe that workingmen who
had approved of the war in South Africa
objected to paying something toward the
cost.
Police Officers Slack, Richie and Alford,
heeling the shot, hastened to the scene,
overtook the soldiers and arrested three
of them, including Masterson. They
started to a patrol box, when Masterson
broke away, running up an alley. All
three officers fired at him. one bullet strik
ing him in the back of the head, killing
him instantly. The others were taken to
the police station, but refused to give
their names.
Masterson, with three other soldiers
from Fort Logan, entered Pat Kecgh's
saloon at Twenty-first and Mason streets.
Masterson became boisterous and True
asked his companions to take him out.
They tried to do so, when he suddenly
broke from them, and drawing a pistol
shot True in the left groin. The soldiers
immediately left the place,, going up
Twenty-first street.
DE^rVBR. May 3.— Hugh Masterson.
trumpeter for Company M, Twenty-third
Infantry, stationed at Fort Logan, to
night shot and probably fatally wounded
William True, a bartender, and was a few
minutes later shot and instantly killed by
policemen from whom he was trying to
escape. .
Soldier Shot Down After
He Wounds a Bar
tender.
POLICE KILL
THE FUGITIVE
A Battery"* B&aptain W. X. Swaeey. First
Lieutenant W. S. Grattan, Second Lieutenant
P. J. Neuman.
Batlery C— Car.taln G. J. Petty. First Lieu
tenant J. N. Roes Jr.. Second Lieutenant J.
Battery D— Cantatn T. J. Cunningham, First
Lieutenant F. E. Young.
Battery A— Captain F. A. Nlppert, First
Lieutenant W. A. Vamey. Second Lieutenant
SACRAMENTO. May 3.— The following
commissions have been issued by Adju
tant General Seamans and have received
the official signature of Governor Gage:
Frank A Vail, San Franc'seo, as lieutenant
colonel *nd aid <le camp on the staff of the
commander in chief.
Randolph H. iliner. Los Angeles, comrryui<Jer
ard aid de camp on the staff of the commander
5n i. Cl w*' Morgan Drap?r. Sausallto lieutenant
colonel and engineer officer on division staff.
F J Riefccn. San Francisco, lieutenant
colonel and quartermaster on the division staff.
T. A. Nerney. San Francisco, captain of
n^S*ors* W. Bauer. San Francisco, commander
° f <Seorse K? 'ictncsland. San Francisco com
mander and chief engineer^ n»w 1 mllltla.
Clare A. Xoble. Santa Barbara, lieutenant
commander of naval militia.
George A. Karamerer. San Francisco, lieu
tenant of naval militia. _
Lu"ien Beer. Bafcersneld. captain of Corn-
Ban v G. Sixth Regiment of Infantry.
Frank L Reynolds. Los Armeies, lieutenant
colonel. Seventh Regiment Infantry.
S. H. Finley. Santa Ana, major. Seventh
*p ""rhede. Madera. major and brigade In
trector Third Brigade staff.
T TV Conello. San Francisco, second lleu
ter.ant Company K. First Reelment Infantry.
Davis A. Smith. San Francisco, captain
Fifth Kcrimer.t Infantry.
The following reappointments have
been made in the first battalion of heavy
artillery, city of San Francisco:
Governor Gage Attaches
His Signature to
Commissions.
NEW OFFICERS
FOR MILITIA
PEKING, May 3.— Some fifty cases of
General Frey's loot, including imperial
bronze lions, confiscated by the French
Government, reached here to-day ad
dressed to the French Minister.
The returned loot was paraded through
the streets and stored at headquarters.
This preliminary to the formal act of res
titution caused an immense sensation
among the Chinese, but they entertain
small hope that the laudable example of
France will be followed by other powers.
PARIS. May 3.— The French Foreign Of
fice corrects the figures of the indemnity
to be demanded from China, as cabled to
the Foreign Office by M. Pichon. the
French Minister at Peking, purporting to
be taken from the report of the commit
tee on indemnity and telegraphed May 1.
It was then announced that the amount
China is to pay was fixed at 1.365,000,000
francs. The Foreign Office now announces
that the amount should have been l.Coo,
000,000 francs. However, this amount may
be reduced. These figures provide tor ex
penses up to July 1.
The Foreisn Office is anxious that tne
United States support Germany's proposal
lo increase the Chinese customs duties.
and wishes it to be pointed out that it
•will be proved to be the best guarantee
of the "open door." As no .satisfactory
alternative is suggested which will pro
duce the necessary sum. a disagreement
of the powers may result in' the occupa
tion of portions of Chinese territory, by
Individual 'powers as a guarantee for tnetr
respective claims.
Regarding the issue of a Chinese loan,
France and Russia favor the collective
guarantee of the powers.
"WOULD EEDUCE INDEMNITY.
Russia Willing to Join America and
Great Britain.
LONDON, May 4.— Dr. Morrison, wiring
to the Times from Peking Thursday,
says: M. de Giers has addressed a let
ter to the financial committee of the Min
isters of the powers, urging the economi
cal advantages cf giving to China a con
ioint government guarantee to enable her
to raise a loan with which to pay the
indemnities. He argues that in order to
pav £G5 000 000 China will only need to Is
sue a loan of £75.000.000 at 4 or 4*4 per
cent. Without a guarantee she would be
compelled to borrow £54.000,000 at 7 per
cent. He asserts that if the total indem
nity be reduced to £40.000.000. as the Unit
ed 'states suesrests. China, with an inter-
LOOT IS RETURNED
TO CHINESE CAPITAL
Fifty Cases of the Plunder Are Paraded
Through Peking's Streets — Restitution by
• France Causing Sensation Among Natives
By Stephen Bonsai.
Fractal Cable to The Call and the Kew Tork Herald. Copyright, 1901, by. the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
national guarantee, would need a loan
issue of only £43.000,000.
He suggests .that the loan can be se
cured on the customs or by an increase of
import duties. The latter is instructive
as showing Kussia's unwillingness to in
terfere with the imperial revenue, such
as the Manchu pensions and 'the grain
tribute.
On the other hand It shows Russia's
willingness to throw the burden upon the
foreign import trade, in which she has
practically no interest. The letter fur
ther shows Russia's apparent readiness
to join Great Britain and the United
States in a reduction of the indemnity in
return for a conjoint government guar
antee. ;
BRITISH LOOTING CHECKED.
Unclaimed Property, However, - Is
Taken and Sold. ')'.
LONDON, May 3.— The Indian Secre
tary, Lord George Hamilton, answering a
question in the House of Commons ..to
day, said General Gaselee had stopped the
British troops from looting at Peking, but
the general had authorized parties • to
bring in unclaimed property from desert
ed houses in districts occupied by the
British. Such property was subsequently
sold for the benefit of all. "This action,
in my judgment.", said the Secretary,
"was proper and judicious."
RUSSIA'S NEW DEMANDS.
Seeks a Strip of Territory in Western
Thibet.
LONDON, May K— A dispatch to the
Standard from Shanghai says it is report
ed that Russja will demand as compensa
tion from China for her refusal to sign
the Manchurian convention a rectification
of the frontier between Kulja and Rus
sian territory, the cession of a strip of
territory in Western Thibet and a conces
sion for working the gold mines south of
the Amur River.
FOR MUBDEKIU'G CHINESE.
Two German Cavalrymen Are Con
demned to Death. .
TIENTSIN. .May 3.— Sergeant Bret
sehnieder and Trooper Janlsch of the Ger
man cavalry have been condemned to
death for the murder of two innocent
Chinese while doing patrol duty in De
cember at Paotingfu.
They await execution, pending Emperor
"William's sanction.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 4, 1901.
Leaders of Capital City Society Plan a Series of Receptions in Which
the Sovereign of Street Fair Week and Her Court Maids From
Surrounding Towns Will Find a Surfeit of Entertainment
QUEEN EDITH AND HER ENTOURAGE
THE SUTTER CLUB'S HONORED GUESTS
SACRAMENTO, May 3.— Miss Edith
Tufts, the May Queen, and her
maids of honor, were the guests
to-night at a card party and mu
slcale given by the Sutter Club.
The affair was a marked social success.
Mrs. E. R. Hamilton has arranged a re
ception in honor of the Queen and her
maids of honor for next week, and Mrs.
J. Henry Miller has announced a 'similar
event at her home. It Is evident that the
maids of honor v/ho are to come from sur
rounding communities will be thoroughly
entertained during their stay in Sacra
mento.
The floral festival will offer the first op
• . ¦ - f
3
A- double r /weddlng - might be properly
called a four-in-hand tie. .
A delicious drinK Sj$&$j\
and a perfect food I f**?nw av\
combined. \COFFEE/
I Made from selected California
figs, prunes and sound, well * "
ripened grain, and is\ absolutely free from any
artificial matter. A
Looks like coffee. Tastes like coffee. But—
there is not a grain of coffee in it.
Is J n&^/v \ Boil from A to 1O minutes only.
I Fruit V X
it A i^°/ J ALL GROCERS SELL
f\cj$*s/ Figprune Cereal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of womanly health would be esteemed
as priceless by thousands of suffering
women. Each month sees them moan-
ing in a darkened room/ At the best •
they endure pain every day. At the
worst the pain'becomes torment.
The secret of -womanly health is in
keeping the womanly organism in a per-
fectly healthy state. This can be done
by the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription. It regulates the periods, dries
debilitating drams, heals inflammation
and ulceration, and cures female weak-
ness. It makes weak women strong and
sick women well.
Women suffering from chronic forms
of disease are invited to consult Dr.
Pieree, by letter, free. All correspond-
ence is held as sacredly confidential and
womanly confidences are guarded by
strict professional privacy. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription. There is noth-
ing else "just as^good" for womanly
ailments.
"I suffered for more than ten. years with
female weakness of very bad form." writes
Mrs. D. Marwood, of Treherne, Macdonald Co,,
Manitoba. "I nsed Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription and * Golden Medical Discovery * with
good results. I am able to do all ray own work
now. I do not know how to thank yon enough
for the kind advice you have sent me by letter.
Your remedies did for me more than all c%"ier
doctor's medicines, and I have taken lots of
them."
Dr.tPierce'3 Pleasant Pellets cure bili«
ousness.
1s Jif Cured Whilo
a Sleep. -;'ii^
c^/£^p' In Fifteen Days
"Gran-SolTent" ' dissolves Stricture Itte snow b*>
death the sun, reduces Enlarged Prostate an«
Itrengtbens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains aa*
Emissions In Fifteen Days.
No drugs to ruin the stomach, but • direct local
»nd posture application to the entire urethra! tracv
Gnn-SolTent is not a liquid. It is prepared la
tha form of Crajons or Pencils, smooth and flexible
cad to n»rrcw as to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tne St. James Assn.. Bos XU. Cincinnati. O- hat
¦rapared at (treat expense an exhaust- s» j« f »¦ f
nre Illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL
¦ystem. which tb'or will send to any f (11
male applicant, ¦ 3Sta*»»
ST JAMES ASStf 25 ° ELM ST -
31. JAJ1E3 A33H., Cincinnati. Ohio.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1SV1GOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid*
ney» and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
SABER. AL.FS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market St.. S. F-— <Send for Circulars. >
I ahI Standard remedy for Glsst, >* 1 ""v J
a5^J| Gonorrhea and Runnings (U|nv 1 I
IN 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- imlUI I I
and Bladder Troubles. Vm^ I.Water must flow ddwn stream, and the
man./who stops . it is ' likely to: ruin his
crops. - v _ - ¦ -
: ..-,:.;¦¦-¦.:¦. • -¦• ;i v/-r' •—¦
Highbinders', Victim Dies.
Look On. a laborer, who was shot by
highbinders In Ross alley on March 14,
died yesterday of his wounds. The body
was taken to the Morgue, and Detective
i Edward Gibson was detailed on. the case.
Delightful Ocean Trips.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen, filing
every Sunday and Wednesday . f cf San
Diego. 1 stopping only at Santa BarMra and
Los Angeles ports. Improved service; low
rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Cfnpany,
office 4 New. Montgomery stree* under
palace Hotel.- . ..: • ¦¦ i .
Federal Grand Jury- Selected.
The following named .citizens were
drawn in the United States District Court
yesterdayiastFederal.grand jurors: G. "D.
Clark, foreman; G. f F. > Allardt, W. N.
Deckker, D. Donsel, G. W. Alexander, J.
Colman, John M. Reynolds, J. Carroll.
Charles « R. Allen, .- J. - F. Daly, H. M
Campe, G. E.' Denniston, Barney Johnson,
Bruno Roman, William • C. Clark, A. ¦ j
Rich, P.-D. Code, George A. Root; William
Deacon, C." A.: Chandler,' George C. Jen
sen, W. E. Dean and A: Christeson.
Handball Matches.
• Following are the entries for the hand
ball matches at the San Francisco Ath
letic Club to-morrow: M. McLeod and M.
McNeil vs. G. McDonald and' P.\ McKin
non; G. B.' Hay ward and D. Connolly vs
P. Ryan and M. Joyce;, M. Dillon and- P.'
Kelly vs. G. Hutchinson and T. McManus;
H. H. Lissner and W. Cavanaugh vs w'
Walsh and R. Longabach; T. Serres and
A. Whiteman vs.' J. Glynn and E. White"
D. J. Sheehan and E. McDonough vs e!
Lynch and W. H.'Sieberst; J. Harlow and
E. Curley vs.'J.' Riordan and E.'Maloney
J.. White and R, Murphy vs. J. Collins and
W. Maguire; J. C.- Nealon and R. Linehan
vs.* A. Hampton and M. J.rKilgallon. -
¦.¦"':. • ; ¦ i
Beer Ahead of All.
.Internal Revenue Collector -Lynch re
ports that the collections in the First dis
trict of California for the month of Am-i'
amounted to $332,897 93, an increase of «?/
63129 over the collections for 'April ml
Beer heads the list, with $101,905. and frYrt
tS^-f^j 111 |?i rlts ar f a close second, wfth
$99,lol 14. Documentary and Dronrlf»tirv
8 l a WJ^ $86 ' 504 72 ' Tobacco is fourth,
with $27.503 88; lists fifth, with $13"rf"4S
and special, etc., come last, with $4S4> 71.
Second Cricket Match.
The second match for the cricket pen
nant of 1901 will be played to-morrow on
the ground at Webster street, Alameda.
It will be memorable as the first occasion
In which a country club has played for
the trophy emblematic of the cricket
championship of California. Thls,trophy,
whether cup or pennant, has always been
limited to the city clubs, but this year the
California . Cricket Association- admitted
the country clubs to an equal right to
contend for the championship. The match
will be between last season's winners of
the pennant, the Alameda Club, and the
Sacramento Cricket Club, which includes
several players who- formerly belonged to
the' Citrus Colony Cricket Club of Placer
County, among them being H. F. Elliott
H. R. Elliott, R. Marsh-Browne and A T*
Chute. The Rev. C. L.-Miel, formerly
rector of the Episcopal church of Sausa
lito. is also a member of the^Sacramento
club. Another player well known in San
Francisco is J. D. Severs, formerly of the
Pacific Cricket Club.' ,. ~ >¦.' .
The Sacramento team will be made up
as - follows* H. J. Furley (captain). E.
Ashworth, W. Evason, H. F. Elliott, H. R.
Elliott. G. V. Green, R. Marsh-Browne,
H. G. Macartney, O. T.- Pardoe,- L. W.
Robitaille and E. Willis. The eleven will
leave Sacramento at 7 In the morning,
reaching" Oakland ' at about. 10 and Ala
meda before 11 o'clock. . :.
The Alameda eleven will be R.-B. Hogue,
J. J, Moriarty. J. H. Saunders, F.J. Croll,
V. Beebeck, A. F. Stahl. W. J. Richter.
A. E. Chivers, B. Bird; H, Ward Jr. and
a. s. wiiiis.- 3 w : " yv. .;<.-¦.*¦:;•::.:¦
•Protests Against Found Ordinance.
Attorney Thomas F. Prendergast ad
dressed the Judiciary Committee of the
Supervisors yesterday on behalf of the
wholesale butchers against that clause In
the new pound ordinance making it un
lawful to tether or herd animals on un
fenced lots. Mr. Prendergast produced
authorities to show that the board has no
power to pass such legislation. The mat
ter was referred to the City Attorney for
his opinion whether the clause on the sub
ject is. valid.-: . • ¦ . : •
Clitus Barbour, who ' was appointed - to
revise the ordinances* of the city so that
they £ would conform to the charter ad
dressed the committee on the) progress of
his work. Barbour recommended the re
peal ef certain ordinances which are su
perseded bjr charter provisions, while he
recommended. others for amendment.
SOUTH -ENDS TO HOLD
POSTPONED REGATTA
It is said that notice ' is about to be
served on the Ariel and Pioneer rowing
clubs to quit the quarters they have oc-.
cupied for so. many years on Long wharf.
Though it may not be necessary to move
away at once, the clubs are husbanding
their resources with a view to meeting the
expense attendant upon the change, which
must soon take place. Under these cir
cumstances It is hardly likely that a cor
dial response will be. made' to the sugge's
tion of- the Alameda oarsmen that a row
ing regatta be held by the clubs, each
contributing a quota of- the expense of
conducting the races and providing tro
phies. A letter has been^ent'to T. Sanda,
chairman of the regatta committee of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union, asking him to call a meeting
of the committee for the purpose of dis
cussing the prospect of an open regatta.
The. committee ..will ,.be .called together
some evening next week, but it is doubtful
whether: any . satisfactory -result can be
reached. The-rcal .difficulty is the«lack of
a .course where smooth water can be
found for the light racing craft and some
revenue obtained to provide for expenses
and prizes. So unless-some change takes
place. in the. situation the chances for an
open regatta just now are. poor.
The South^Ends had made preparations
to hold a regatta for their own members
last Saturday,- but the -¦ southeasterly
storm , rendered r it necessary to postpone
the races* They will be held to-rmorrow
if the weather. Is suitable, i A meeting was
held on Thursday,- night in s the office . of
Dr. C. C. Denis to discuss rowing mat
ters and the question of incorporating the
South End Rowing Club. /The regatta to
morrow-, will begin at .10:30 a.: m.,- and is
intended" to be the first of a series of
monthly club regattas. ¦¦"-« There will be
barge, putrigged skiff and shell races,
both scratch and , with handicap. E. Scul
ly, the captain, haspresented a medal to
encourage the. juniors -to "take .up skiff
rowing, and. to. become the property of- the
sculler < who wins it three- times. ¦¦ Nothing
has come so far of the proposed trial of
speed, between -the racing skiffs of the
Alameda and' Dolphin clubs. * ,C:
} •-'¦¦- " l ¦'¦- • ¦¦¦.. : ' ¦:.."'<" -"'Or • ¦ -.' ii-
The third annual angling tournament of
the Santa Catalina Tuna Club will be held
during the months of May and October.
The programme arranged for the season
is an Interesting one. Valuable prizes will
be presented to the victors in the various
classes. The officers of the organization
are: President, General A. W. Barrett;
vice president, Colonel. R. A. Eddy; sec
retary and treasurer, F. V. Rider; execu*
tlve committee, E.L. Doran, T. S. . Man
ning, C. F. Holder, M. J. Connell, General
Barrett and .Colonel Eddy. Following is
the announcement of prizes for the sea
son: ¦ •' '¦ ¦ ' .. . . - -¦ •• '. ' i ¦ - ¦ -
"' Class r A,' leaping- tuna— For exceeding the club
record, Tuna Club gold medal and Banning
cup.'::' " ...-• ;. \ :¦ ¦ . ¦¦<¦ ¦¦ •
' For the largest tuna of the season, presidency
of the club and extra silver-mounted rod. . .
For ¦ second largest tuna, silver-mounted rod,
offered by James McDonald, Deposit, New
York. ;,.*••¦
For the smallest tuna, booby prize.
To the angler taking first tuna of the season,
sllver-m&inted rod.
¦ Special prize to -angler taking first tuna be
tween January I- and April 31, silver-mounted
rod. ¦.¦•.-:¦ --...•,,-.-¦ , ... ¦ .
•> Special prize. for. largest tuna taken by a lady,
silver-mounted tuna rod. ,
Class B, black sea bass— For exceeding the
club record, 384 pounds,*Tufts-Iyyon silver cup,
Rider-Macomber. gold -medal -and extra silver
.mounted rod. ¦ ¦¦¦•.•
For the largest black sea bass other than the
above, silver-mounted rod.
'For smallest black sea bass of the season;
booby prize. ; . . • ¦ :
• Special .prize for. largest black, sea bass taken
by a lady, silver-mounted rod. ¦ ' .
Class. C (open to, ladies), white sea bass— For
the largest of the season?, silver-mounted rod;
For'the second largest, gaff. ' - ¦'¦
Class D (open" to ladles), yellowtail— For "the
largest fish of the season, John F. Francis gold
medal and silver-mounted rod. ¦. •- •-•;¦
: For the second largest , fish, gaff. /. ' ' .
Class • E (open to ladles), albacore— For .the
largest flEh of the season, silver-mounted rod.
Class F, ¦ rock bass — For the largest fish of
the season. Vom Hofe line dryer. - ¦¦
• Class Q, sheepshead— For the largest fish of
the season, angler's pipe.- ' - • '
Class H.whlteflsh— For the largest fish of the
season, gaff, •.,- •. :¦,--'-. ¦,-•¦- -*.'•,-..-:-..•¦,
. Class I, professional boatmen— For the best
equipped launch, three horsepower or over, for
fishing purposes. . rods, reels, lines and gaffs to
be . considered, . silver-mounted . rod. .-:..-. • . : \ :¦
For. the best-equipped fishing-boat under three
horsepower, or without engines, rods, • reels,
lines and gaffs and general comfort to be con
sidered, silver-mounted rod. ¦•''¦¦ •:.•..
For the- boatman of the angler taking tho first
tuna* of: the tournament season, I silver-mounted
rod. "¦-•.¦.-';.¦ .-.-. -.¦.,-..-. ; i r -¦..:.¦¦
• -.All . catches made, with, a view, of competing
for ; prizes must be < reported at • once . to some
member , of.- the . , weighing •• committee and
weighed In his presence and posted.- No allow-
anee will be -made for shrinkage. Club scales
must be used. ,
Weighihg-' committee — F. S. Schench, R. A.
Eddy, E. L. Doran, T. S. Manning, Frank V.
Rider. . ¦ - ,
Present holders of cups and records: "Largest
tuna — Colonel C. P. Morehouse, ¦ 251 pounds,
first;- C. F.- Holder, 183 pounds, second; H. St.
A. Earlscllff. 180 pounds, third; .F.. V. Rider,
175 pounds, 5 fourth. .
' Black sea bass— F. S. Schenck, 384 . pounds,
first: T. S. Manning, 370 pounds, second: T." S.
Manning, 230 pounds, third; F. V. Rider, 327
pounds, fourth. .' , ' . .
"White sea bass^-E. M. Bogrgs*, 58 pounds, first;
F. F.- Garrish,-. 66 pounds; second;' Mrs. F. V.
Rider.' BO pounds,' third.- -. •• -.- ¦ r
•Yellowtail— F. V. Rider. 41 pounds. . first ; F.
F. Garrish, 37 pounds, second; Mrs. ¦ H. "W.
Hoyt, 31 V4 pounds, third.
Walter R. Walsh, game warden- of San
ta Cruz County, writes The Call as fol
lows: . : , . " : '
I look for fair fishing in all the streams as
soon as the water clears. 'All the tributaries
of the" San Lorenzo River. Soquel * Creek and
all the -streams up the coast will, in my,opin
ion, offer better sport than at any time this
season as the water clears from the late rain.
Only a few days ago I saw -.a ' great many
fine fish in the bay at the mouth of the Soquel
Creek waiting . for a chance to get. in. . The
waters will clear' quickly and I think by Sun
day or at the latest the earlier part of next
week good catches will- be made. .The ; rain
was what all the coast streams needed to
make better fishing- and I am confident", that
all the small streams will furnish g'ood ' bas
kets as soon as the waters are clear. I will
bet my hat that I will take a fine i basket of
trout Saturday or Sunday. ' . •/¦•'. -... .^
• Word has been received in this city that
the Truckee River is high and fishing 1 is
bad in that vicinity. * •'' ¦•
' O.,Klump caught 122 fine fish on the San'
Gregorio last Saturday and Sunday. Dr.
F. J. Lane caught fifty good-sized "fish in
the lagoon. ¦• -. ¦ ':. ' : '
¦ James Watt and E. ,W. Currier caught
thirty-five .in Boulder-Creek. They aver
aged seven to eight mches. in length. ¦ • -
OLYMPIC CLUB OUTING
WILL BE A SUCCESS
Messrs. James, Coffroth, • Cunninghom
and Mitchell of the Olympic -Club have
completed arrangements for the annual
outing of their organization, which is to
be heid at Escalles on Sunday next. They
have secured the best talent In the city,
ard the entertainment promises to be a
feature of the day. Escalle has been
given carte blanche and Is preparing . a
dinner that will be enjoyed by the ath
letes. Tlie folio-wing programme of races
will be run off before noon:
Sack race, three-legged race, race for
invited guests, partnership race, race for
fat men (200 pounds and over), kangaroo
race, 75-yard race (parlor athletes), egg
and spoon race, partnership backward
race. 100-yard special race. 50-yard swim
rninjr race.
Interesting Programme Is Arranged for This
Season— Anglers Report Poor Catches
Because of Very High. Water .in Streams
TUNA CLUB TO CATGH BIG FISH
IN TOURNEY AT CATALINA ISLAND
NIONTEALEGRE'S JOB
IS A CENTURY RIDE
The annual . hundred-mile relay race of
the California Associated Cyclists will b*
held a week from to-morrow, the course
being from this city to San Jose, return
ing on the other side of the bay to Ala
meda. There is some doubt as to ho-w
many clubs will enter the contest this
year. It is certain that the Bay City
Wheelmen and the Olympic Club Wheel
men and the Garden City Wheelmen of
San Jose will enter teams, and it i3 prob
able that the Reliance Club of Oakland
and the California Cycling Club, of this
city will also be among the contestants.
The . clubs will hold final try-outs to
morrow to pick the men for their teams,
and the entries will close with F. G. Mon
tealegre, the new chairman of the racing
board, next Wednesday. Incidentally Mr.
Montealegre has a task ahead of him to
morrow which none will envy him. H>?
has cot to ride over the entire course on
his wheel, and it is stated that. In some
places the course will have to be changed
slightly, owing to the road being cut up
where repairs are being made. By goins
over it the entire length Mr. Montealegra
¦will have all the facts before him. and
after he has had a good rest Monday may
be able to issue a bulletin stating what
the official course will be.
Dan J. Canary, the famous trick bicycle
rider and juggler, is in the city and will
hereafter make it his home. Mr. Canary
has retired from the stage and is now in
a commercial business, but he still takes
an interest in the wheel for pleasure only,
and no one need be surprised If some day
they see a pleasant faced young man
coasting .down the street on one wheel or
standing on his head on the saddle.
E. O. Kragness, the Olympic Club bicy
cle rider, who was thought some time ago
to be afflicted with heart trouble which
would prevent his participation in athletic
events In the future, is now pronounced
fully recovered by his physician. Mr.
Kragness will shortly resume training in
order to get in shape for the summer
races. He states that ha is in the best
of condition and expects with proper
training to be able to equal any of his
past successes.
Swimming at Sutro's.
At Sutro Baths Sunday, May 5, the
half-mile match swimming race between
E. B. Stolle and W. Kyle will be the event
of the day. Other races and their entries
are:
50-yard dash, juveniles— C. Crist. F.
Paine. M. Roach, P. Jane. P. Revert. G.
Anderson, R. Burns. J. Dixon. G. Forst,
S.~Finnigan. J. Rogers. P. Lockwood. E.
Kipp, A. Raver, W. O'Brien. F. Rundln.
F. Merced, R. Buckeley, F. Hughes. L.
Greenan. E. Maulan, J. McManus. F.
Berry. J. Boggs. G. Nichols. D^Cnase. A.
Derks, W, Adams, J. Erasmy. W. Mizner.
C. Butterworth, C. Duke. S. Hand. P. Rol
lins. H. Heinz. E. Egan.
Uader-water swimming, tub race, high
diving for boys— Open to. all. .
laO-yard race, amateurs— O. Schultz, A.
Hiy. H. Dougherty, W. Dawsett, H. Du
ra", J. Rlngrose, J. Schustro; H. Leicken,
li F.GUdln, F. Crowder. . R. Cordell, H.
VosCon, C. Fredericks. J. Bevins. R. Rid
ing, W. Cook, G. Freeth. P. Rose. G. Wal-
Jace, J. Hunt, A. Clayton, E., Weils, C
/Augustus, O. vLowenberg. F. Ralston. H.
-Mitchell; G. Irving, M. Carmody. S. Grue
man.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— W.
Hoffman. Gr Duke, T. Cochran, W. Car
roll. C. Donovan. O. Beyfuss, F. Sprinsrer.
P. Lockwood, W. Armacost, H. Stelljes,
G. Thomas. W. .Guile, JE. /. WInfleld. O.
Harnes, J. Dwyer, F. Hildebrandt. P. Lo
gan. J. Heckett. H. Peters. J. A. Jackson.
P. Hansen, G. Kelber, J. Collins. H. Wil
son. T. McKlllop. E, Wells, L. Gnieman,
F. -Miller. R. Cordell.
Now that the number of golfers at the
Presidio and Point Adams links is con
siderably reduced the San Rafael Golf
Club's course presents a lively appearance
on holidays. To-day representatives of all
the golf clubs around the bay will take
part in the open tournament to be held
on the links in Happy. Valley. This morn
ing there will be a tournament over eight
een holes, medal' play, from scratch, for
ladies. Entries have been received from
the San Francisco, Oakland, Sausalito and
San Rafael Golf clubs.
The representatives of the San > Fran
ci«co Golf Club are Miss Edith •McBean,
Miss Hager, Miss Caro Crockett, Miss
Sarah Drum, Miss Cornelia O'Connor,
Miss Maud O'Connor. From the Oakland
Golf Club come Mrs. H. H. Sherwood and
Mrs. W. P. Johnson. The representative
of the Sausalito Golf Club is Miss Mason.
The hortor of the home club will be up
held by Mrs. R. Gllman Brown, Mrs. J. J.
Crooks and others. Play will begin after
the arrival of the first train from San Ra
fael. •
In the afternoon, after the arrival of the
12:33 o'clock boat from San Francisco,
there will be a scratch tournament over
eighteen holes for men. Many of the best
known golfers of this part of the State
will take part, among them being the first
champion of all Calitornia, Ernest R. Fol
ger or the Oakland Golf Club; J. A. Fol
ger, P. E. Bowles, vice captain, P. E.
Bowles Jr., and other members of the
same club; B. D. Adamson, S. L. Abbot
Jr., Leonard Chenery, Worthington- Ames,
W. H. La Boyteaux and E. J. McCutchen
of the San Francisco Golf Club; R. Gil
man Brown, J. J. Crooks, R. J. Davis,
Carter P: Pcmeroy, C. P:Eells, Dr. II. O.
Howitt and Maurice Dore of the San Ra
fael Golf Club, and R. W. Mason of the
Sausalito Golf Glub. It is quite likely that
several more entries than those given
above will be received. The ladies' event
should produce an interesting contest be
tween Mrs. R. Gilman- Brown and Mrs.
H. H. Sherwood, while among the men
champion E. R. Folger and B. D. Adam
son will probably run each other very
closely for top place. - .
The Sausalito golfers will soon be in
their clubhouse, which is expected to be
reedy for occupation to-morrow. Though
of simple construction and containing only
two rooms, it, will be a great convenience
to the golfers, who have hitherto had no
place of shelter or rest on the links. As
the Sausalito Golf Club is now for the
lirst time in a position to entertain vis
itors, the return match between teams of
the Ran Rafael and Sausalito clubs will
be played next Saturday on the Fort Ba
ker links. The recent heavy rain has en
couraged the thick grass and thistles to
grow, but the putting greens are in fair
condition, and, as the Sausalito represent
atives will be on their own course, they
hope, to press the San Rafael team more
closely than on the occasion of their first
meeting on the San Rafael links.
The Sausalito Golf Club is on the eve of
its annual meeting and election of offi
cers. The nominating committee, consist
ing of James E. Bell, Charles J. Foster
and Dr. A. H. Mays, has prepared the fol
lowing list of names as the regular ticket
for the council: Major T. W. M. Draper,
Charles J. Foster, Andrew C. Wilson. H.
Clay Miller, C. Terry Hamilton, A. Starr
Keeler and W. G. Morrow. The nominees
for members of the green .committee are
Reginald W. Mason (chairman). Major T.
W. M. Draper, and J. M. Kilgarif. The
following are the nominees for the house
committee, which consists wholly of
ladies: Mrs, T. W. M. Draper, Mrs/ A.
Starr Keeler, Mrs. C. J. Foster, Mrs F,
B. Findley, Miss Grace Martin, Miss Con
stance Borrowe, Miss Miller, Miss Alice
Findley and Miss Mason. The meeting of
the council and the general election will
take place on Saturday, May 23, in the
guild hall of the Episcopal church at Sau
sallto. The officers of the club will be
chos-en by the nine members of the coun
cil from among their own number.
Open Tournament Which Will
Draw Representatives of
All the Bay Golf Clubs
EVENTS AT HAPPY VALLEY
GOLFERS MIGRATE
TO SAN RAFAEL
Two very important tournaments are
scheduled for next week. The champion
ship of Northern California will be played
at Sacramento during the latter part of
next week. The tournament— doubles and
singles for both ladies and gentlemen— : will
commence on the 7th and be completed on
the 9th. This is the most important ten
nis event of the year in that part of the
Stale. - : .
- The present champions in doubles are
Elliot and Budgett of Penryn. John Craig
and' Allen of Woodland, who have been
coached by Professor Daily, the crack
.professional,- have improved very rapidly
and stand a good chance of wresting the
championship honors j from the present
holders. • .
Some of the best teams entered are El
liott, and McCarthy and Elliott and
Budgett of Penryn, Smith and Blanchard,
Carroll and Blenhard and Birdsall and
Tohler of Sacramento, and Leake and
Rodman, Craig and Allen and Dingle and
Allen of Woodland. ! ' ¦ >
The same players will compete in the
singles tournament.
On May 11 and' 18 the academic cham
pionship tennis tournament, singles and
doubles, will be played. The singles will
be played on one day and the doubles^ on
the other. Owing to thedarge number ot
entries, but one set will be played in the
preliminary rounds, two out of three in
the semi-finals and three out of five seta
in the finals. '• - -. . . • ¦
Lowell High School, represented by Al
Rosenberg and . . Norman ! Hodgkinson,
should have little trouble in winning both
singles and doubles.. Rosenberg will rep
resent the school In singles and, although
very. .much out of practice, should win
easily. . . . .
Most of the local cracks are spending
considerable time on the courts getting in
trim for the singles championship, which
will be played. in less than two months.
Both championship tournaments will be
played at San Rafael this year. Hereto
fore the doubles have been played, at Del
Monte. ' '-'¦ ' * : • ¦' '•¦ ' > • : .
The twelfth handicap doubles, tourna
ment, after/being postponed many times,
will be played Sunday at the ' California
Club courts if the weather permits. *
Academic League Represent
atives Training for An
nual Championship Event
SACRAMENTO TOURNEY
NORTHERN, CRACKS
ON THE COURTS
The California Coursing Committee
stake, which is programmed for the 26th
inst., has already begun to assume a
proportion .which bids fair to make it a
great event. Conditions considered, it will
certainly attract as much attention as any
previous meet In America. Confined as It is
to nominations from members only and
with the best dogs now in the game to
pick from, a j good-natured rivalry has
shown itself in the selection of performers
for the stake. The affair will attract lov
ers of the sport from all sections of the
State, and. not without hope of success, as
the home talent is far from having a cer
tainty on the coveted honors.
So far no nominations for the big event
have been recorded, though, some of the
following are probable: J. A. Klein will
name Palo Alto, Dan Delury wants Sis
quoc, P. J. Reilly will enter Warship, Dr.
Clarke of Stockton will let Rector, run for
him, W. H. Carmichael will nominate
Luxor. Dr. Weldon of Sacramento will
have Sacramento Boy try for the Capital
City, R. K. Malcolm has Fine Fire in
training for the last flag, J. H. Rosseter
expects to win out with. Rural Artist, H.
A. Deckelman feels that victory is his
with Rocker or Master Rocket- and Cap
tain Clarkson has hopes that Golden Gart
er can bring home the goods. The Vallejo
contingent will back Jimmy Anthony, and*
the Los Angeles leashmen will want
Crawford Lass to represent them. With,
every member of the committee boosting
the event, it is a certainty that the fol
lowers of the game will be given a treat
in this stake of champions.
The unexpected demise of the celebrated
stud dog Emin Pasha has been announced,
and the Pasha Kennels, in consequence,
are in mourning. The great sire has left
a record which will stand for many a day.
Emin -Pasha's get numbers among them
the speedy Palo Alto, Sisquoc and num
bers of stake winners. .
* In the Ingleslde section bad luck has fol
lowed in the wake of the coursers. Jolly
Rover started the hoodoo by killing the
fine litter by Fortuna Fayente out of
Dawn and was himself destroyed. Last
week Captain Clarkson's Headwater broke
its hind leg by running against a tree
while chasing a cat. The bone was so
badly shattered that relief was impossible
and the captain had the hound put out of
its misery. Headwater was in training for
the California Committee stake. Faithful
Lad, too, was injured among the trees and
a badly wrenched shoulder is the result.
E. M. Kellogg's Crawford GJrl is laid up
because of an accident, and her recovery
Is doubtful. . ...
P. C. Curtis, the senior member of the
firm." of Curtis & Sons has gone East.
Before his departure he sold the great
coursing dog Beacon, Maud S and Bed of
Roses, a puppy, to A. R.. Curtis.
Champion Greyhounds Are in
Demand for the Next Class
I Event in Sporting Circles
COMMITTEEMENAT WORK
PREPARING FOR
THE BIG STAKE
HORIZON STILL
SHOWS McGOVERN
TERRY AND HIS MATCHES
Comments and Facts on Past
and Prospective Fights.
July Heavyweight Battle
The San Francisco public has seen the
"Terrible" McGovern in fighting action.
Wise fight-promoters knew that the house
would be a good ore, even if McGovern's
opponent should prove no match for him.
for the ring-going public of this city was
on the edge of anxiety to see the "Terror
of Brooklyn" perform with the gloves. .
McGovern has been seen. He has dem
onstrated what he can do. The public is
anxious to see him again, but not in a one
sided battle. If Terry is to fight
a second time, whoever matches him must
find a man who can give an argument—
something that will make a contest. The
fingers of all point to Frank Erne and if
the Twentieth Century Club will bring
these two men together it may count on
a house that will be packed to the doors.
As Err.e says: he will not fight under 133
pounds, the match, if consummated, ought
to be worth a trip of many miles to see.
Frank Erne has grown very heavy since
his arrival in San Francisco some few
months ago and he will find it difficult to
reduce to the 133-pcund mark. He knows
this, too. but he will work his fingers off
Jo secure another match with Terry. At
this weight* McGovem concedes tvfi
pounds, goes far out of his. class and takes
big chances. That is the misfortune of
being a small man champion. At his
\7cight there is no fighter who can even
¦warm up the "Terrible," so if he is to go
rn fighting- he must move ov.t of his class.
Then the public will see McGovern fight
ing against odds and possibly making
himself more of a wonder than he is at
present.
» • *
McGovern-Herrera. The general opinion
in regard to this match is that Sam Har
ris. McGovern' s manager, picked up a
snug side bet when the match was made.
It- is the intention of both parties to the
contract to hold the fight in Fresno or
Pakersfield some time before the. end of
this month. Tim McGrath will train Her
i*era at his road resort near San Jose.
Terry will do light work at his old quar
ters in this city. Herrera, as far as lin
gval courage goes, has shown that he does
not fear the "Terrible" one whit. In fact,
he is of the opinion that McGovern is
an easy man, much overrated and quite
an ordinary fighter. He will attempt to
prove the truth of his beliefs. It will be
a good fight for the country. And yet
Herrera has acquitted himself creditably
In several fights.
About the time San Francisco has be
come sated with feather and light weight
fighters the big. burly men will be intro
duced upon the scene. The San Francisco
Club, which means Ned Homan Alec
Greg-gains, is fast upon the trail -of a let
cf big ones and the chain of telegrams
that have been clicking -westward por
tends some rare fisticuff event for July.
The favored scheme is for an open-air
fight on July i between Fitzsimmons and
Jeffries. Homan, who is now In- N«;w'
York, thinks he can land Fitzsimmons,
Jeffries ar-d Ruhlin. ' While Homan is do
ing the angling Greggains is receiving tel
egrams every other minute and each one
broadens the smile on his face.
Charley White, who is acknowledged a
referee of marked ability, said during one
of the preliminary fights at the Mechan
ics" Pavilion last week: "It is true that
referees exercised their rights in the ring.
When it becomes apparent to a referee
that one man is altogether outclassed and
that his physical condition is such that
there can be no cuestion as to the final
outcome he should stop the fight and not
wait for the knockout punch. I will
admit that it is just possible for a lucky
punch to turn the tide of battle, but that
should not change the complexion of
'things. The sport would be srreatly im
proved if wise discretion of this sort were
exercised oftener.
The baseball season has passed its first
period and is now running on a steady
course. The four teams in the league are
fairly -well balanced; they have been play
ing good baseball and give evidence of
being interested in the work before them.
But one thing that must be observed i3
gentlemanly conduct on the field. T^ere
has been too much kicking against the
umpire and his decisions. In some cases
these decisions were undoubtedly faulty,
but since the umpire's word is final ft can
be of no service to object or profane the
air. The California League should read
a lesson to one of its umpires. Donohue
might be better equipped to judge as to
balls and strikes if he would use eve
water.
To-day and to-morrow will be opers
dates on the sailing programmes of th»-
San Francisco and the Corinthian Yacht
clubs, but In Oakland Creek several of
the skippers will be spending this after
noon in preparing their craft for a chal
lenge race to be held to-morrow over th^
"Wallace trophy course. The yachts that
will probably take part In the race art-
Commodore S. S. Marshall's sloop Thelma.
J. T. Carrier's sloop Jessie E, Kendall an.;
Greene's sloop Alert, & and L."I. Gales
sloop Secret, F. R. Millar's sloop Lai
wlng 1 and ex-Commodore Allen M. Clay's
sloop Pactolus. The largest of these b
the new sloop Alert, the over, all length
of which is 45 feet. She will..consequent
ly, have to give time to all the smalle
craft. The course will be from the south
erly pier head of the narrow gauge mole
at Alameda, out to and around- Presidio
Shoal buoy and back to the point of start
ing. Commodore S. S.. Marshall., has been
absent from business for a day or twi
on account of sickness, and so the flag
ship may not be seen in the race. *
! The crew of the -winning yacht will en-
Joy a dinner at the expense of the crews
of the beaten craft. The race will.be un
der the management cf th,e regatta com
mittee, which consists of A. R. F-
Brandes, Eugene Flanders and N. L.
Meads. The Qualities of the-' sloop Alert
are largely unknown, as she Is a new
boat and has probably not yet effected
the best adjustment of Jier canvas anil
ballast The winner of to-day's event will
be likely ta sail a. good race for the Wal
lace trophy, which is competed for an
nually on Decoration day. The present
holder is E. F. Sagar's sloop Edna, which
is enrolled in the Corinthian and Cali
fornia fleets. J. T. Carrier's Jessie E, if
her owner has got her into her best trim,
should go very near capturing one or both
of these events.
Last Sunday was a rough and stormy
day on the bay, so much so, indeed, that
the opening cruise of the San Francisco
Tacht Club was postponed. The sloop
Pactolus. which conveyed Allen M. Clay
and crew over to Sausallto on the pre
vious day to witness the opening: jinka,
weighed anchor about 12:45 p. m., under
reduced sail, and reached her moorings
in Oakland Creek safely. The- Corinthian
yachts which were present at the open-
Ir.g also cruised back to their moorings
at Tlburon. Jules Hartman's sloop Mas
cotte of the California Yacht Club was
out with a party of young men,, who had
all the yachting- they wanted before they
got back on Monday to dry land, food
and warmth. The sloops Venito and Trio,
which had large parties on board, also
had hard trips, though both ultimately
landed all their freight In safety.
The first cruise of the San Francisco
Yacht Club to Vallejo is set down for next
Saturday, on which day the Corinthians
will also make Vallejo their rendezvous.
The California yachtsmen have a ladles'
cruise to Lone Tree Cove. Angel i Island,
set down for next Saturday, but it is like
ly that they will defer it, and cruise to
Vallejo instead. It was expected that the
new boathouse of the Vallejo Yachting
and Boating Club would have been suffi
ciently advanced to receive the visiting
yachtsmen, who were to have been enter
tained with an opening jinks. But It ap
pears now that the clubhouse is not yet
ready for occupation, so that this part
ot-. the visit -must be. abandoned. ¦ "W. J
TV'ood.-owner ot the yaoht Angela, has
resigned, the office 'of commodore' of the
Vallejo Yachting Club, as he expects to
leave for Alaska on an extended- vacation.
On Sunday. May 12, the San Francisco
yachts will race down from Vallejo ta
Sausalito in. cruising rig.
The raffle for the sloop Catherine, which
represented the San Francisco Yacht Club
in one of the races for the Perpetual Chal
lenge Cup, has been postponed until next
month. .. . . ..-.'¦ -....-•
Clubs on the Other Side of
the Bay Have Open Cards.
Are Preparing for Cruises
WALLACE TROPHY TEST
YACHTSMEN IN A
CHALLENGE RACE
SPORTS FISHING, COURS ING, BOX ING, YACHTING, TENNIS, ROWING, GOLF, SWIMMING
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 4, 1901.
4
J. B. KENNEFF FISHING ON PAPER MILL CREEK.McGovero- Not for Erne.
Supples Went. Out.
MILWAUKEE, May ' 3— Otto SeHon*rof
Chicago made short. work of Curley Sup
ples of Buffalo; knocking him out In the
first round of a six-round- go .before the
Milwaukee - Boxing Club", to-night. % ¦ The
fight was swift while it lasted/ 'Just be
fore the gong sounded Seiloff in a mix-up
landed a swing on Supples' jaw,- putting
hinvout.
Third race, one mile— The Unknown won,'
Bangle second. His Lordship third. Time 1:42
Fourth race, seven furlongs— The Puritan
won. The Rush second, Joe Frey third. Time
1:27. .* , > . v ¦ ¦ • ¦ - - •
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling— Onomastus
won, Janowood second, Sam P. Cochran third
Time, 1:15%. - ¦ r_ - "!
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Sarilla won. Amelia Strathmore second G W
W. third. Time.' 1:49V4. '
LOUISVILLE. May 3.— Results : '""¦ | '-.
-First race, six furlongs. . selling— Fleuron
wou, Galathee second. King Elkwood third.
Time. 1:15%. . ¦
Second rac«, five furlongs, selling— Miss Ch*r
11> won, Jordan . second, . Jaubert • third. Time.
1:02. - . .-• •
pelled second, Emma C L third. Time 1:15 3-5
Fourth race, . one mile— Monos won, Ollle J
second. Sculptress third. Time. 1:43 3-S>
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling— Yana won,
Aransas second, Aripato third. ..me, 1:02 3-5.
Sixth. race, mile and twenty yards— Pirate's
Queen won. Red Apple second, Merryman
third.. Time, 1:43 1-5.,
Hayes Valley Athletic Club
Holds Its Initial Exhibi
tion Before Big ,, 'Crowd
• .
EXCITING FISTIC BOUTS
AMATEURS BLEED
AND FIGHT HARD
Reno,' alias Ward.; until, he almost' fought
himself ' out." Reno was "as. game as tie
proverbial pebble and stayed with it until
the end. : McCoy was given a .well earned
decision. ' . . • " .' ;
Frank Neil and ' George Margarini con
cluded the excellent • exhibition. Neil's
father, as usual, made himself conspicu
ous by. alleging that Margarini was over
weight, but, the crowd would not listen, to
his complaints.". Margarini; showed a lack
of. training, : but ;he gave Neil a stiff argu
ment ifor a short : period. ' Im the first
round he, knocked Neil down twice,: but
Frank was game 'and returned to the. at
tack, and before ithe round was rover had
his opponent in. danger. ..The second round
was In Neil's favor. . Both, lads bled pro
fusely but fought on. Margarini "landed
hard on Neil,' but Neil returned- with some
heavy lefts that made Margarini tire of
the game. In the third Margasini went
down time and: apain'v without .being, hit,
and his second, '-'Kid" Williams, became
disgusted and ended matters by throwing
a towel in the ring. - . . ' .V,
"AmericanrJbekeys Win. ;
LONDON; May 3.— At the third day's
racing of the Newmarket -first .spring
meeting to-day the Brethy^iahdicap, j 200
sovereigns, at six j furlongs, was* won iby_
Daniel Cooper's | brown 'colt Tyondon, , rid-'
den by Danny Maher.', Eleven horses ran.
'Lester Reiff had ,the mount on S The
Moon-Daisy filly,! winner, of the' race [t or a
two-year-old ; selling platef " distance ; five
furlongs. : Eleven horses finished. >.
-- '¦ The ¦- 1000 . guineas stake; ' for*three-year
old fillies, over the Rowley mile, was won
by-Sir J. MiHer'sbay.fllly.Alda. on" which
Danny Maher had the mount..;' Sir E. Cas
sel's Fleur d'Ete came in second and Lord
Derby's Santas Brigida,: ridden.; by: Johnny
Reiff. ¦ finished third.;* Fifteen -horses
started. ' -¦ < ' " •¦ '••'. r ¦ . -'¦." ' .-, • • -
P. Lorillard's chestnut colt -Tantalus,'
Maher up, won the, Brinklet' stakes, of 200
sovereigns, at one mile and a half.' \" -.)
KNlGHTS • TEMPI/AB ¦ ,
¦ ' 5 ELECT J NEW " 0FHCEB3
Judge Carroll " Cook \ Chosen Comman
der of Calif ornia
; The ' annual ' election for officers of ¦ Cali
fornia VCommandery, ¦ Knights "Templar,
was ¦ held last; nightinithe;Masonic-Tem
plerV There Lwas a ; large attendance' of sir
knights -aslhere^ was to-'beja contest. for
the position' ->f !£ commander'.- The \candi
dates '."were^ Judge Carroll Cook. v E. . B»
Church": and George F.'fNeal.-; Ey^th'e time
the ¦ ballots .were" prepared , the contest had
riarro wedjdo wn* to' Cook and : Church.*- The
first named' .won* the,; fight; .but ; he ? was
closely> pressed by; the; latter. "Henry, B.
Reames was ¦ elected generalissimo ; ; G. H.
TJmbsen.f captain general; (,T.t-H.-> Browne,
senior warden ;;R:B..Rov/ley; junior war
den; j^Thomas j ' Morton;' ; treasurer, 1 --'and
Hiram ",T. r Graves ¦ recorder.'," . These ' officers
will : ; be : installed at ; the next • meeting :• of
the: commandery. -. * ' "' : - ' ¦¦
Sent to ; Jail f or r Nine Months.
.; John . .', O'Connor, •".- an j<" ex-con vict, %vv as
charged in ? Judge/ CabanissV' court ; yester
day.ywlth burglary^ and\batterr.V'He' was
In: the ', habit of . stealing from; the .till in' the
Japanese store of_Rby : .T. SukajjuchiJ 1 100tfV&
Larkin i-street;'-and^the"C Japanese 2lay 'in
wait i f or ¦ him.*: He " appeared Saturday ¦ aft
ernoon 3 and?. the " Japanese c eauxht ¦ shim.
There.V.was- a'iprolonged "5 struggle -before
Pol Iceman j J."> SVOVelch i appeared sTon . the
scenes and." arrested? O'Connor: *i Yesterday
O'Connor « pleaded | guilty> to-: battery and!
also to,petty!larceny,-the burglary; charge'
having^been 'reduced. ;>>Hei,wasS sentenced!
to Snlne.J* months' ¦• imprisonment ¦>-¦ in *..-« the'
County, Jaiia*^- . <*; . * -. -"-¦•.
BY F, E. MTJLHOLLAND.
dosing: event on the card at
I Oakland track yesterday furnished
II one of the prettiest and most ex
il citing finishes of the entire racing
season. Strung across the track as
the wire was reached, a neck, a head and
a nose apart, Goldone, Horton. Donator
and Handlcapper, the only starters, fin
ished In the order named. The distance
was seven furlongs, and the smart ones
had selected Handicapper with Jack Mar
tin up to win. No doubt Horton would
have been favorite but for the fact of
Glerji, a boy seen but little in the caddie,
having the mount. The ultimate winner,
Goldone, touched threes and was then
backed down to 13 to 6, second . choice.
Handlcapper made all the running, closely
attended by Goldone and Donator. A fur
long from home, under hard urging, Hor
ton caught up with tfie front trio, and a
desperate drive ensued. From there on
Goldone displayed the best staying qual
ities and Bassinger outfinished Glenn.
Two choices only •were successful.
Gauntlet and Good Hope. The track was
flow and inclined to be cuppy and this
accounts for . the time which marked the
running of the different events.
An unhappy start for the favorite, Estro,
In the opening: number a.t seven furlongs,
resulted in Rainier getting the purse. Bas
singer rode the latter horse, which was
second choice, and, shooting to the front,
lasted long enough to beat. the favorite
half a length. Sylvan Lass, a 50 to 1 shot,
ran third. . .
This was followed by the win of i the
two-year-old dash at four and a half fur
longs by Phil Crimmins, an 8 to 1 shot.
Achilles, the first choice, had no speed,
and. after being in front from the start,
Conley put Crimmlns over the plate first,
two lengths ahead of Estado, the second
choice.
Eonic. the 7 to 10 favorite for the three
year-old selection at six and a half fur
longs, ran a very disappointing race, fall-
Ing to show any speed. The mare looked
stale and tucked up and probably wants
a rest. Andrattus, at odds of 5 to L went
out in the lead and, never headed, dis-*
pesed of Moonbright without effort. The
choice lost show honors to Dunfree;
Billy Randall's Gauntlet scored a clever
victor}' In the mile and a quarter selling
event. An S to 5 favorite, he was ridden
to perfection by Ransch. beating out Ma
lay a length Jn 2:10. Gotobed did not find
the track to his liking, losing third place
to Twinkler.
Pounds the best on this particular occa
sion. Good Hope, the favorite, defeated
quite a collection of speed in the slx-fur
long run. fifth to be decided. Ransch suc
ceeded in getting away from the post
poorly, but the mare gamely went through
the bunch, until at the wire she won
handily from .Vantine and Hi*h Hoe. The
latter mare was very badly ridden by Al
exander.
Track Notes.
"Tim" Maloney, an exercise boy in the
employ of Harry Whitman, was killed at
Oakland track yesterday morning while
galloping Fine Shot. The accident occur
red at the head of the stretch on the in
side track and was due to a collision with
Wh&ngdoodle, a 1 horse owned by Tom
Ryan, ridden by a boy named "Jimmy"'
Bender. The latter, from all accounts,
was galloping his horse the reverse way
of the track and, contrary to custom, kept
in next the rail instead of taking the out
side. Maloney -was unseated, and as one
foot failed to slip from the stirrup the
unfortunate rider was dragged nearly an
eighth of a mile before the horse fell.
His skull was crushed and his body badly
mangled, death resulting in a very short
time. Maloney was born in Sacramento
and was about 16 years of age. He was
employed by Harry Whitman and was to
have had the mount on Whaleback in the
opening race yesterday. He gave promise
of becoming a good rider.
Matt Early, a colored trainer, who came
to California two years a^o with Marley
Kittleman's horses and later went to Ho
nolulu, dropped dead in that city recently
of heart disease. He was in the employ
of Prince David and left several hundred
dollars, besides some jewelry.
Ransch and Bassinger eaca rode a pair
of winners yesterday. ¦ • , ¦.-,•%
The'Fasig-Tipton Company will sell the
Hancho del Paso yearlings at Sheepshead
Bay on June 14, 15 and 17.
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Five fu?lons:s; three-year-olds;
Felling:
2346 Maresa 117 2293 David S.........U9
23S3 Flatterer 122 2348 Prnc's Titania.117
2134 Oscar Tolle J22 2S64 Tola 119
<22C5iAlzura 117
B»cond race— One mile; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:
23.'$ The Miller 112 23S5 Hungarian ....109
r^0 Dare II 10S 2048 Ping 109
23S0 Frank Duffy.. ..109 1242 Galene 107
2373 William F 109 2381 Formatus ......109
2143 Snips 107 2306 Jim McCleevy..H2
2156 TwlnkleTwlnk.107
Third race — Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling:
23S2 San Lutlon 107 (2357)Irma A..... 105
2363 Vasallo 105 2365 Jar 1 tierre d'Or.110
23C9 Dr. Scharff Ill <2377)Rory Ough 113
<:'34;)Torso Maid 105
Fourth race — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward: purse:
2S71 Articulate 1071 2330 Headwater 113
ZZ5i The Pride 113) 2330 Sly 111
Fifth race— Futurity course; four- year-olds
*nd upward: selling::
2033 Incindiator ....110! 2364 Doublet ........113
<212E)St. Cuthbert.. ..110 1 2335 Meehanus 115
27.79 Jerid 113| 2362 Ralston llfl
1SS8 Tiburon 110i 2371 Gibraltar ' 113
Sixth race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
rear-olds and upward; selling: ¦--.'¦'¦
«^26)Daniel .......104 2336 Dr. Bernays....lO3
2306 Spike 101 2391 Merops .........108
23S5 Hohenlohe 106 2372 Castake .111
Probable Winners.
First race—Alzura, Princes* TItanla. Maresa.
Second race—Formatus, Hungarian, The Mil
ler.
Third race—Vasallo, Torso Maid, Rory Ough.
Fourth race —The Pride, Articulate, Sly.
Fifth race—St. Cuthbert, Meeh&nus, Gibral
tar.
f-'ixth race—Dr. Bernayr, Castake, Merops.
Results of Eastern Races.
ST. LOUIS. May 3.— Fair Grounds summary:
First race, four and a half furlongs— Helen
Print won, Schwalbe second. All Mine third
Time, :56%.
Second race, mile and an eighth, selling-
Forte won. Chopin second, Celtic Bard third.
Time. 1:58%.
Third race. fi\-e furlongs — Trio won. Jim
Scanlan second. Lemuel third. Time. 1:03.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse— Tulla Fon
*o won, V.'ax Taper second, Hobart third
Time. 1:14%.
Fifth race, one mile— Bowen won; Miss Au
brey second. Dandy Jim third. Time. 1:43%.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Barbee won. Belle Simpson second; Lawton
third.. Time, 1:4S.
CINCINNATI. 6 ; May 3.— Newport summaries:
First race, seven furlongs., selling— Dr. S.
C Ayres won. Myrlajn G second,' Nancy Till
third. Tim«-, 1:32U.
Second race, five and a half furlongs., sell
ing—St. Sidney, won, Colonel Strahy. second,
Margaret Hoffman third. ' Time. 1:1L ,\ >
Third race, rix furlongs— Zancne won, Lady
Kent second, Charlie Daniels third. Time,
1:17. . . .y
Fourth rae*, four and a half furlongs— Atidy
Williams won. Mamie English second. Latonla
third. Time, :37. .' ""¦¦>'. %
t Fifth race, seven furlongs — Miss Redwood
*on. Rare Perfume : second, Krank McConnell
third. Time. 1:30. ¦
Sixth race," one mile, eelling— Edna Garry I
Tion. Uttle Eallie second. Anxious third.
Time, 1:45.
CHICAGO, May 2.— Worth summary: . ... .
First race, four and a half furlongs — Ed Aus
tin won. Miracle II second, Brissac third.
Time, :56. , '
6econd race, six furlongs— Bengal won, John
Grigsby 6econd. Little Pepper third.. Time,
1:16 1-6. *¦-.-¦¦'¦ ' -•
Third race, six furlongs— Domadge won. Ex-
231)7. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.'
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %". Str. Fin.
(2361)Goldone, 4, 114. Bassinger 2 2 h 2 h In
2370 Horton, 5, 117.. .....Glenn 3 4 '3h 2 h
2361 Donator. 6. 113.. ..Ransch 4 3 3 In 3 ns
(2379)H'dicapper. 4, lll.Martin 1 1 n 4 4
Time— U, :24; Ji. :49; %. 1:23. Good start.
Won' first three driving. Winner. J. Coffey's
b. h. by Goldflnch-Abilone. Goldone received
most vigorous ride. Horton outfooted too much
first part and ridden wide on turns. Donator
always looked dangerous. Handlcapper tired
last sixteenth.
Betting— Goldone, '" 13-5; Horton, 4; Donator,'
4; Handicapper, 3-2.
2306. .FIFTH RACE-Six. furlongs; selling;
mares; four-year-olds "and up; purse, $350.
Index Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2373 Good Hope, 5. lOa.Ranch 7 8 4 4 1 11
f2302) Vantine, 4, 105.... Martin 1 11 1*4 2n
(2385)Hi£h Hoe. 6, lOa.Alexndr 4 4 h 5 \ 2 3 h
2304 Midlove.' 6. 106.Fauntlry 3 2 Vz 2 h 4 1
2340 Jingle Jingle. 5. 107.Hafly 8 7 1 6 1 J 1
2379 Mocorito. 6, 105..Bassngr 2 3 1 3 h *l 2
2364 Valenc'nne, 6. lOo.Stuart G *5 >£ 7^73
<2355)Foul Play, 4, 105.. Bergen 9 9 8 1 8 5
2359 Clarando, 5, 107.....Enos 5 6 % 9 9
Time-V. :24'.i: %. :49^: %. lliSW. Good
start. Won cleverly. Second and third driv
.ing. Winner, Caesar Young's ch. m. by Colonel
Clark-Gratitude. Winner came from behind.
showing to be much the best. Route a bit too
far for Vantine.; High Hoe should have been
second. Mocorito in poorest going next 'the
rail. Valencienne showed no speed. Neither
did Clarando. Scratched— Canejo 105, Nettle
<:iark 105. Nullah 105. - : .';.-..*.'
Betting— Good Hope, .3-2; Vantine. 9; High
Hoe. 6: -Midlo-i-e, 15; Jingle Jingle, 20; Mocorito,
7; Valencienne, 10; Foul Play, 15; Clarando, 15.
2395. FOURTH RACE— Mile and a quarter;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey.. St. Vz. Str. Fin.
23S4 Gauntlet, 5. 1C2.. Ransch 1 in. 1! 11
(237S)Malay. h, 103. .Alexander 2 2 4 2 2 2 1
2331 Twinkler, 6. 102.. Bergen 4 3 3 33 32
(2367)Gotobed, 6, 105....Conley 14 4 4 ,
Time— U. :26; %. :52i4; ?',. 1:17%; mile. 1:44^:
lUm, 2:10. Good start. Won all out. Sscon<1
and third driving. Winner. W. D. Randall's
ch. h. by imp. Cavalier-Herschel. Gauntlet
was best. Malay never fancied the dlstanc on
a fair track. Twinkler did his best Gotobed
best on a good track.
Betting— Gauntlet, S-5; Malay,- 5-2; Twinkler,
10; Gotobed, 11-5. .
:07; U, :23%; %, :49U: 6%f. 1:23.
Good start. Won easily. Second and v third
driving:. 'Winner.- Carruthers & Shields', b g.
by imp. St. Andrew-Ottyanna. Andrattus ran
as if a route was his forte. Moonbrlght stood
a hard drive. Dunfree gave it up. . Eontc
stale and no speed.
Betting— Andrattus, 9-2; Moonbright, 7; Dun
free. 6; Eonlc, 7-10^Invictus. 25. " :
2394. THIRD RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; , selling; three-year-olds ;¦ purse, $400. "'•"
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. 14. 'Str. Fin.
2W0 Andrattus, 103.... Martin 1 In 11. 12
(2204)Moonbright. 106..Baengr 4 3 2 2 1 2 H
:SS5 Dunfree. 105 Ransch 3 2 4 " : 3 4 3 2
(2370)Eonic. ,107 ....Alexander 2 4 6 .4-5 4 8
2349 Invictus,. 105 , Bergen 5 5. 6 . 5
230S. . SECOXD RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; maiden .two-year-olds; purse, $360.. ";
J 22 ex - Hor » e - '"W*. Jockey. St. %. %: Fin.
2375 P. Crimmlns. 108..Conley 4 12 1112
• 2369 Estado, 110 Sullivan 1.7 1 4 2 2n
237? Tellowetone, 108....Enos 5 2 n 2U 3 2
2141 Botany, 105 . ..Basslngrer 3 3 Vi 3 h 4h!
213« Lento 108 ....Alexander 8 5 1 7 U 6 H
22S5 Remele, 108 Prior 7 6 h 6 h 6 1
2377 Achilles, 108 ....Ransch 9 8 V, 8 1-74
2363 P. Sauce. 108 .....Martin 6 4 h ' 6 h ' 8 6 '
2333 Hon. Sterling, 102.Berg-n 2 9 2 9 5 9 3
2315 Dan Collins. 105...StuartlO 10 10 10
Time— 5-16, ¦ .-30%; 4«f. :57^. Good start.
Won easily. Second and. third driving. 'Win
ner, - C. T. Boots' b. c. by Tiger-Roma II.'
Away none too well and cut off at start, Es
tado. better favored, would have given winner
an argument. Yellowstone is Improving:.
Achilles no speed. Scratched— Senator Bruce
Betting— Phil Crimmlns, 8; Estado. 7-2; Tel
lowstone, 6; Botany. 15; Lento. 8: Remele. 73;
Achilles, 9-5; Pepper Sauce.. 12; Hon. P. Ster
ling. 60; Dan Collins, 15. ;¦¦¦.;,
OAKUHTD BACETKACK — Friday,
May 3, 190L— Weather fine. Track good.
2392. FIRST. RACB-Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $360.. . ..:
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. ¦ H-- Str.' Fin.
2334 Rainier. 6, lZU.Baslnger 5':i«,l«l^
2335 Estro, 6, 121 Ransch 8;7 8 4 2 2 % \
2334 S. Lass, 5,, 119 Prior 7"4 1 .' 8 1 8 1
2356 S. Mattfi. 6, Ul...Conley 1 B H B 3" 4 2
2388 Guilder, 6, 121.. .Shields 2 3 2.' 2 hi 6 15
; 2374 Danncnbm. 4, 119.Hafley 6 6 2 . 6 2- 6 1
402 H. Bright, 4, W/Wallac 3 8 . 7 6 v 7 10
2338 Faunette, 6, 119.:Alexdr 4 2 1 8 8
2310 Faversham, 5, M.Stuart • ..... ...
Time— U. :24; H, i:50»i: %. 1:30%. Fair start.
Won first three driving. Winner, J. Wells'
! b. g. by Oriiaba-Nadavis. Rainier had all the
I luck. " Away better Estro could have won.
Lass ran a good race. ¦ Guilder • no account.
Neither is • Faunette. 1 Scratched— Whaleback
121, Kastaine. 119. »Left . •
- Betting— Rainier, 4 ; Estro. 6-2; Sylvan Lass,
60;. Senator Matts. 15; -Guilder.-. 4; Sam Dan
nenbaum, .30: Honor, Bright, 60; Faunette, 4;
Faversham, 15. - - ¦.!¦> . .
-stay, the sensational fox terrier puppy of
; the year; Norfolk Richmond, Norfolk Two
Step, Norfolk- Truman, Norfolk Ruby and
N; Norfolk Handicraft, -the: queen of cham
.-.ifions. ;¦';'¦•'¦. ¦;.•'.'¦ ¦ ;,* ' ,~^ '¦'¦'. '• '.-. ¦—•'-. •
;' Ben Lewis and L.' A. .Klein are bringing
1 5 the ; largest Eastern ; string, consisting • of
;¦/ more than • fifty ; high class dogs.'. Among
'¦'¦ them is Champion Norfolk Victorious, the
"/: unbeaten smooth, fox ; terrier, 'and a host
'" of others.:; Their string represents the fol
-:¦ lowing Hcenhels:- : - < -^ -¦• - -. - . :•
,. . E.. B. ; Chase, .^Burmount,. Pa.; Charles
Giggs Carter, Pittsburg/ Pa.; C. F.^Hart
metz, Evansville.'Ind.; George C. -Thomas
: Jr.; ; Philadelphia, ' Pa, ;; B.- B. Lathbury.
Philadelphia, Pa. : : • Henry •* F. «'¦ Lackman,
: Cincinnati," O;; Fred J. Lenolr, Greenwood,
i -Mass.; J. Ogden; Lansdowne,
!':¦ Pa; ;, H. : T. , Peters, J Isllp. N. . Y. ; William
" LeMonni#-, ' New Orleans, La. -
¦-•-Tho entries include. English, Gordon and
-"Irish ¦-- setters, pointers, .fox ¦ terriers,
-¦ - ; beagles, . Irish terriers, bull terriers, cocker
•• , spaniels, foxhounds and collies. ... r'y
V,-. The following new specials have been re
' "ported at the club's office: •. ¦,
r .A7 B. Fately, ' Oakland, St. Bernard Ken
¦ '¦' nels, gold medal "for the best pair, of St.
V Bernards in'.'ih© -show, dog. and bitch,
' smooth and .rough coated; Albert Joseph,
j San* Francisco, I silver cup for I best bull
• "terrier puppy; in. the show; -L. A. -Klein,
'.¦:¦ Jersey City, • silver medals- for. the best of
v the , following .breeds in the i show: St.
'¦ Bernard, ' Great : Dane. .-' Boston ; terrier,
- smooth-coated fox terrier, wire-haired fox
, ! terrier, bulldog, * bull ' terrier, dachhuna,
..'.'pug, toy spaniel."* ¦ . : - :--*.• ;.. . , 5. • ¦
:-/Oneof the most Interesting dogs In the
'¦'. show will be a schlpperko, the only one of
'-. the breed In ¦ America. . He is called En
*¦ 'cliff e Shoots, and is the' property, of Li. A.
A Klein.,: ¦_¦;:<?; ¦ • :.^r . ' . - ; " ..'. ' - -
• M^« 1 — ¦¦ 1 ¦' — - ¦¦¦ ¦ -i-^ ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ . 1 «%
SHARKEY KNOCKS
OUT RUSSELL
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
' PHILADELPHIA. May 3.— Tha home team
played a faster. game, than Baltimore and won
by bunching hits. Attendance. 26C0. Score:
„ , , ' R. H. E.
Baltimore 4 to 1
Philadelphia .:.... ....9" 13 2
¦' Batteries— Terkes and Robinson; Frazer and
Powers.
WASHINGTON, May 3L— The Washington
team to-day won th» first game of. its series
with Boston through good stick work in the
first and fifth innings. Attendance. 4000- Score:
R. H. E.
Washington ". 9 . - 3 / 5
Boston .•; 17 %
' Batteriesr-Carrick and Clark; Foreman and
Crlger. .
MILWAUKEE. May 3.— Milwaukee was easily
beaten in. the opening game of "the American
League season to-day. Attendance. 4000. Score:
': JU H."\ -E-'
Milwaukee ....' .3-" 5 1 '8
Chicago ......." _..ll 14 1
Eatterif s — Hawley. ' Sparks, Maloney and
Leahy; Skopec and Sullivan. -
DETROIT, May 3.— S»ever ' kept the hits well
scattered to-day and aided by the snappy field
ing behind him won the first game placed this
season with Cleveland. Attendance.' 35G0. Score:
Detroit .;.....'..'... V^ 8 3
Cleveland .....'.. ..3-. s ' 1
Batteries— Isiever and Buelow; Hotter and
Yeager. .
England's Army and Navy.
It was recently stated that England's ai*hy
and navy ' U inadequate to properly defend
herself -from a sudden onslaught. England Js.
In this Instance, like the Individual who al
lows . disease to creep Into his system through
a stomach too weak to properly ' digest the
food taken into it. To strengthen the stomach
there . is nothing , better than Hostetter*s
Stomach Bitters. It cures dyspepsia consti
pation, indigestion, "liver and kidney trouble,
and as a tonic is incomparable.
Boston- ..*.•.. .'.,'. 1 4 1
New York.... J t •
.Batteries— Nichols and Klttredge; Matthew
son and Smith. Umpire— Nash.
PITTSBURG. May 3.— Chicago played a
patched-up team to-dav and the locals wen
easily. Attendance, 230O. Scora:
r , -r R- H. K.
Pittsburs-.: 10 13 % 3
Chicago.. ....Y 6 "12 ' 2
Batteries— Leever and O'Connor; Hughes and
Chance. Umpire— Enwlie.
: BROOKLYN. . May 3.— To-day's game was
played in a. gale, which favored the pitching.
Errors and passed balls gave Brooklyn all
their runs.. Attendance. 18C0. Score:
. . R. H. E.
Philadelphia : 1 g 3
Brooklyn ........' ......... 5 9 t
Batteries— White and McFartand; Kltson and
McGulre.. Umpire— O'Day.
PICKED ATHLETES
BOUND NORTHWARD
¦ . » —
CALIFORNIANS GO TO-DAY
¦ . • - i - • • ' ' . . . v - Z '.
Team Will Contest With the
Brawny Youth of Oregon,
in the Contests at Eugene
BERKELEY, May 3.— A picked team of
athletes from • the University of. Califor
nia will depart to-morrow morning by rail
for Oregon and Washington, where field
days will be held with the athletes of the
universities" of those States. - -
The' men will leave • Berkeley station at
8:30 o'clock. They will be accompanied by
Graduate Manager - : Reno HutcMnson,
Coach Walter Christie and Trainei W. L.
Hay wood. The first meet will be held at
Eugene, Or.,' next Monday. The second
will be held at Seattle ; May 10./ ,: :
In the field days second and third places
will count. This will make it harder for
California . to win owing to her limited
team. Oregon ; has x a pole vaulter. Heater
by , name.' with a ¦ splendid reputation.
Calkins, Washington's captain,'. is 'a- good
all-round man., same university has
some fast hurdlers. - •
The i Calif ornla teain wlH-be made up as
follows: Sprints-rCadogan, Brown, Squires.
Distances— Service. - Redewill, Clifford.
Hurdles— Powell. Cheek. Pole vault—Hoff
min. " Jumps— Cooley, Hussey. Weights —
Plav.-. - MTU III' frill \ III iMnil|ini|iiMjiliiLlii|r
SAIiVATION AEMY PLANS
BECEPTION FOR LEADEB
Affair Is Atrranged in Honor of Mrs.
Colonel French by Her Co
' Workers.
Mrs. Colonel French, the well-known of
ficer of the ¦ Salvation ¦ Army, who Is visit
ing in this city, is to be tendered a public
reception next Monday evening by. her co
wcrkers of. this vicinity. The programme
is to include vocal and instrumental music
and addresses fey prominent local leaders
of the organization. . ,,
• Mrs. Colonel French ''is very popular
among her, co-workers and has done much
to advance the cause on the Pacific Coast
and elsewhere.^ -She came into the Sajva
tion Army -when -quite '' young and was
graduated ¦ from General Booth's, training
school in London in' 1882. ~ %
1 • She : was . married * to | Colonel French In
1891; and -the^following year came : with
him to this country.' Since that time Mrs.'
French has devoted her energies to tho
extension and' supervision of Salvation
Army / work.;.. The -field of labor in which
she . has . been particularly \ successful | in
"Western', cities is that, which - haa to - do
with ¦ the slums and tenement districts. "
REBUKE FOE DEMOCEATS
WHO FAVOBED POLLTA2
Joseph Leggett" Tells Iroquois Clul
S. How' the Party . of Jefferson
' Can Win. :
1 At the meeting of the Iroquois. Club las
night Joseph Leggett delivered an address
on '."How the Democracy . Can .Win." -I Ii
the course of. his remarks * he scathlnglj
denounced Senator! Sims and other Demo
crats who voted "against" the bill to abollst
the poll,. tax. to; which bill the State De
mocracy, was .pledged. . He regretted thai
the Iroquois Club had not followed in this
case '.the' old ; custom" of condemning, bj
resolution^ 'the *" shortcomings of public
men.". 1 ¦ ' ; : . - - .- - ¦ •
..The committee reported ¦ progress In th«
arrangements ' for^ths celebration at Be
nicia Sunday, M*y 19. ' One boat, the Onls
ba. 1 has been engaged , and ¦ another, prob
ably the Ocean ."Wave, will- be secured tc
carry the; braves to- the scene of the cele
bration. :, Six hours ¦¦ in - Benlcia\ will be
given the' passengers on these boats. "The
round trip fare will be 75 cents/ .
Fuhxig; Judgment Affirmed. !
: The appeal ; of Dora Fuhrig, , .the 4 mid
wife., who has been ; several times arrested
forj. murder ' and c atcQuitted.^. against '-. the~
judgment : of 7 Judge • Cabaniss, * who - con
victed and sentenced her: to pay. a fine of
$150rfor 'practicing medicine ..without the
necessary certificate;^ was "argruetl before
Judges Cook 1 and Lawlorl sitting in'bank
yesterday. ¦'-The'' judgment C of.- the slower
court. was affirmed. "At the request of. her
attorneys v a ,; stay ? of .; twenty days was
grantee. She signed a'death certificate
"Dora iruhrig. M. D/' .. ..
Manning Held to 'Answer.'
v Thomas ,MannlngTTwas held .to : answer !
before the] Superior! Court v by Judge Fritz"
yesterday- on .the; charge -of 'assault'-* to
murder ' in S2000 s bonds.-. On the night* ot 1
April /WiManning^went -to his rooms at
309 . Third and ' in ; his : drunken jeal
ousy threwv a 'lighted i lamp - at his \wire.'
who rwas "inched '.with her.' babe .sleeping
beside her. 'She and the baby were badly
ixirned.""- -.- '.-¦ '"'".* T/'±~: ¦ ¦ '¦-'
ROUGH AND JUMBLE FIGHT
Referee Calls All Bets Off
1 on Account of Rumor That
' Deal Was On-Turner Wins
DENVER, May 3.— Sailor Tom Sharkey
pat out "Big Fred','. Russell, 'the California
heavyweight,'- In 1 the fourth* round of what
was scheduled to be a" ten-round go before
theT /Colorado g Athletic Association : to T
night. > It- was charate'rized ,by roughrand
tumble.tactics, engaged r in by both,'sci
ence playing but -little ; part. There .was
rnuch clinching and' rough' work"through
out/ arid it seemed that each had a chance
to.v;In by landing, a wild swing at any
tlmo. -, In the first - round ¦ there - was very
little leading- by either. They clinched
and fought wildly and the referee had tht?
greatest difficulty in separating them.,..
? In the succeeding " rounds , J Russell en
deavored to throw Sharkey to the floor, by
main , strength and succeeded in doing so
several times. , 1 n the third round" Russell
landed : some good "body, blows, which
seemed to ; : knock;; the' breath out of .the
sailor. \ He was groggy i at; the end' of the
round and i - if ¦'. Russell had bored In he
might; have won" the fight at; this period.
In the fourth round both men, after.'hav
ing been : cautioned by the referee that
they .: must fight and not : wrestle, - started
out to * obey, his '(instructions. ¦ It was > not'
long; - however," until 'they were | clinching
and holding and hanging on to each other,'
with the referee earnestly imploring thenl
to fight fair.' :>:-iK'aV v . '
* Sharkey broke away : from a clinch I and
as he did so landed right and left swings
on Russell's jaw, - putting him 1 down, ;• and
as Russell arose SharkeyJsent ; in the fin
ishing punch, a half, swing on the , ear. ¦ ; ",
' Previous ' to ; the fight Referee '¦ Frank
Cullen called all bets off because, he said,
the .¦ management ~. of f the » club .< wished • to
protect i themselves and " their v patrons. ; He
inferred that it had ; been rumored that; a
Vdeal" was on between the fighters; Both
he f and ! Manager Kioto l announced, ' how
ever, :thatthey-were confident that no ar
rangement f-had ¦ been " made.vbut for* the
protection v of } themselves and -their, pat
rons'they.would.take no other coursebut
to- declare all: bets off. ,;.' ' :
j> The :• first ' preliminary .¦ was . between -Bert
McCormick of- Salt 'Lake and'Tom Schue
macher-.of <In the -flrstiround
McCormick \vta.n • on; the • floor.; five '. tfmea,
eachs time ; for ¦ the \ counts of ¦ eight: ;. In • the.
second round t Schuemacher • landed a hard
rleht-'upper;cut' on;: the mouth ¦ ¦which put
ont;tfce-:SalULake;Tnan.V:; ¦ - .
•;_,- In \ \ he . ' second ; preliminary :Ruf e Turner
of California put out' Roy ' Streeter of Col
orado; : Springs.^ both colored,. in >less : than
a ¦ minuter of •„ the ; firs t; round', iwith • a: right
swing on. the Jaw.^Streeter .was no match
f or, Turner. ;-^, : ¦¦/ \- ¦'¦':"', f .':.-..-v;-;; .'¦. '--.-.^ A
t.« In the 'third preliminary, Kid Dooley and
Buddy. •King, ,both"v local : , lightweights,
fought' five .very fast rounds! to a: draw. It
was?, aV give-and-take 3 affair .-; throughout;
Dooley ', receiving': the 7 severest ; punishment
of^theftwo. -.1 ¦¦•:-;-: t r < ¦'¦:.*>-'¦'. :-;.} •;.•-¦¦•. ;
¦>C: -"'*•• "-.T =•' : V ;-);
1 ,\ ROBBED *A V - LITTLE • GIRL.— John Desmond
was i sentenced * by> JudKe * Conlan ¦ yesterday ; to
six ". months s in ! the 5 County;. Jail -,for • steallns a
Bllver bracelet; and'gold iringfrom >BdithiBash
ford,"'a J little ¦ girl.tonv Sunday.' afternoon, /April
7,'.- and i his 7companlon, * John : Hart,:; was, helU
to ; answer.^ before t the t. Superior, Court" 1 in * $1000
bonds.V aa ; he ; had i already, ser\-ed I a • term j for '
petty larceny. ;- , , - ¦ "^j^^jBftMfflB
Landed First by Bassinger in Highly In
vigorating Finish—Gauntlet Is First!
Exercise' B oy Meets a Terrible Death
GOLDONE THE-HERO
OF A FURIOUS DRIVE
RACING, DOG SHOW, BASEBALL, BICYCLING HANDBALL, CROSS-COUNTRY RUN SPORTS
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
the f san Francisco: c&sul,; : sai^jeday; piY 4, 1901.
5
STRINGS OF VALUABLE AND RARE
EASTERN DOGS FOR THE LOCAL SHOW
EWING'S MEN TURN
T ABLE S 0 N BEE BE
EathTeam Wins a Game— -Triple Play Saves
the Dudes in ':¦ the Last Inning — San
Francisco Breaks Even With Los Angeles
>«s^ O41ETHING happened on the Rec-
reation ¦ Grounds yesterday that
-^^ shook the ribs of the few fanatics
present. ' ,' The score was 4— 2 in
"favor of the Dudes and the in
ning was the ninth. Nervously toeing sec
ond and first, were Doyle and Stanley, and
Sheehan • was' at . the bat. The ball left
Sheehan's stick on a hot- line.' to Francks.
both runners starting- at once for another
base. Francka , shot the ball over to
Arrellanes on second, who threw as speed
ily to Streib on the first sack, and the en
tire: side .was retired. > Sheehan's swat
looked like the safest kind of a hit when
It started. , - - :
The other feature of the day was the
wordy war Hanlon and Donohue fell into,
and Hanlon fell out of the game. It was
all over the matter of an ill-judged strike.
Hanlon protested the game on the ground
that- the referee had. -no right to eject
him until he was first fined.- The score: ' :
OAKLAND.
AB. R/BH. SB. PO. A: E.
Drennan, cf 4 ,0- 1 1 © 0 0
Francks. s. s........ 4 ' o - * 0" 0'95 0
Arrellanes, 2b. ...... 4 1 1 ' 0 2 6 0
Strleb.lb. ;......... 3 •' 1 1 '¦ 1 10 '0 0
Dunleavy. ;• If. ...... 2 . 1 0 03 0 0
Moore. 2b. 4.1 "0 0 3 r .l .1
Mosklman, rf. ...... 4 0 300 0 0
Lohman, c." 1 0 0 ¦ 0 1 4-0
Babbitt, p ....3 0 0 0 0 3-0
••Totals; ...:..29 ;,4 6. 2 .27 15 ' 1
[¦'fi ¦:'='?"i SACRAMENTO. 1 ¦ %
¦'-,-'' ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. Al E.
UcGucken, cf. -....'.•. 4 . 10 0 0 0 0
Devereaux, s. a 4 0 . 1 0 '" 2 '1 J l
Courtney, 2b. - .3 0 10 2 11
McLaughlin, If 3 11 0 2 0 1
Hanlon.- lb. ....:..'.. 3 -' 0 '. 11-600
Doyle, lb. & rf 4 0 3 1 " 3 3 0
3tanley, c. 2>0 1 0 53 0
Sheehan, 3b. ...3 . 0. ; 0 0 12 0
Stricklett; p. ..:..;. 3 ' 0. 1 0 3 10
Hanrahan, rf. 10, 0 0 0 0 0
Totals..'. ..30 ?2 9 2 24 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland ....V....0 0>0 1 T) 3 0 0 •— 4
-Base hits. ....... ...:..l 1 1 10 2 0 0 ¦*— 6
Sacramento- : 2 '0 0 0 0 0 9. 0 0—3
Base hits ..........3.1 0 12 0 0 1 1—9
* ,-., SUMMARY.
¦ Two-base hits— Mosklman, Stricklett, Strieb.
First base. on errors— Oakland 2, Sacramento 1.
First base on- called balls — Oakland 5, Sacra
mento 5. ¦ "Left - on bases— Oakland 7, Sacra
mento 5. Struck out— By Babbitt 1. by Strick
lett 5.. Hit by pitcher— Strieb.* Double plays—
Arrellanes to Francks to Strieb; Doyle to Han
lon. Triple play— Francks ' to i Arrellanes to
Strieb. - Passed balls--Lohman, Stanley.; Wild
pitches— Babbitt. Strlcklett. n Time of sam**—
2:05. Umpire— Donohue. Official scorer— Mc-
Farlin. . ,*
San Francisco Wins.
LOS .ANGELES. May 3.— San Francisco
won ,the game from Los Angeles to-day
by a score of 4 to 2. Kelly's errors were
mainly responsible for the defeat of the
Ideal nine. Both" pitchers were in excel
lent form. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 2b »0 0 0 © 0-0 0
Johnson. 2b .4 0 0 0 I >1- 0
Hutchinson. lb .... 4 0 0 0 13 0 1
Householder, cf .... 4 110 4*0 0
Spies, c ............. 3 0 0 0 3 3-0
C. Reilly. 3b........ 4 1 2 '0 3*5 1
Kelly, ss .„. .... 4*01.0 14 3
Swindells,, rt- . 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Bowman, If 4 0.00 1 0 0
Hale, p 3 010.0 3 0
Totals .......31 2 5*02715 ~S
y- SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. Pa A. E.
Hildebrand, cf...... 4 3. 1 2 4 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 1 1112
Krugr. ss ............. 5 0 11 13 1
Holland. If ;..:...' 4 0 0" 0 1" < v l
Pabst. lb ¦. 4.100 13 ' © 1
Graham, c »3 1 1 0 2 O' " ft
Nordyke.rf 2 .0 0 0 3 1 0
J. Reilly. 3b 3 0 0~0 23 0
Whalen, p ........... 4 .0000 ,4 0
Totals'......! 37 4 ~4 . *4 .27 13 ~i
RUNSAND HITS BT UrNIKGS. .-"
Los Angeles 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—2
Base hits 0 20100011—5
San Francisco 0 2 0 0 0 0 10 1—4
Base /hits-.. 0 1 00 0 0 2 0 1-^4
"J . SUMMARY. '
Earned runs^-San Francisco 1. Home run-
Graham. Two-base hits— C. Reilly, ' House
holder. Sacrifice hits— Nbrdyke. J. Reilly.
First base on errors — San Francisco S, Los
Angeles 4. ' First base on called balls— San
Francfsco 2,-Los Angeles I. Left on bases-
San Francisco 8. Los Anjreles 6. Struck out—
By Whalen 1. by Hale 1. Hit , by pitcher-
Graham. Schwartz. Double plays— C. Reilly
to Hutchlnson; Pabst (unassisted).. Time. of
game— One hoar and forty-five minutes. Vm
pire—CConnelL Scorer— Cashman.
Eastern Baseball Games.
; NATIOXAIa--I*EAGXJR.
BOSTON, May 3.— To-day's gam» wa» a
pitchers' battle, in which Matthewson «xcelled-
Lowe • scored Boston's cnly run. Attendance.
:TVELr>KNOWN. ft \ DOGS , WHICH .
¦ -WELL BE AT • THE :
% KENNEL. CLUB ; SHOW. " !
Burglar Visits Jewelry Store.
The jewelry store ; of A. .< Strauss,'."; 313
Grant avenue, . was centered by; a. burglar
early yesterday morning and", several ? bo
ciety.badees and rollcd-gold« watchchains
and, pins were stolen. ¦ Entrance* was -ef
fected by breaking > the . padlock" on * the
front door. -Policeman Geimann found
Ed Berger; a; "dope >¦ fiend.", in .the" neigh
borhood and lockedhlpi up in ."the tanks"
on'suspicionr-He-hatna'lot of old flies in
his Pocketa.-vasteMUtajBTi^JtitvUetfawig^-
Frank Erne and Sam Harris- Terry Mc-
Govern's manager,* met last night at Har
ry Corbett's saloon to arrange for a match
between McGovern and Erne himself. Arf
hour of talk was wasted , and no match
will be made/for the "present at least. ¦¦„
Harris would not consent to \ a match
with McGovern at the weight, at which
Erne wished to fight. Th*e latter said
that out of protection to himself and his
friends he would not enter, the ring at less
than 132 pounds. Harris asked for 128 at
the ringside, the same weight agreed upon
when Erne and McGovern. met in New
York last July.' Ernasaid that this would
mean that he should enter the ring a dead
man and refused the conditions point
blank. Erne has » taken on a -great deal
of weight here, but was willing to make
132 at the ringside.
Many other conditions were -suggested
by the fight promoters, -but no agreement
could, be reached. Harris promised Erne
that if Terry, took 'on- weight he would
give him a chance at his own demand.",-.
Gore of the rich red variety was spilled
in abundance at the initial fistic exhibi
tion given in the . Mechanics' Pavilion
Annex . last .night by . the Hayes' .Valley
Athletic Club. More than 1500 enthusiasts
filled the j building and had I a ' merry, time
excoriating' the judges, encouraging the
fighters and howling, for their respective
-candidates. There were knockdowns and
knockouts, • bad decisions and ; good : ones,
but withal it was a glorious opening . for
the latest, "amateur" athletic club in the
field.. ¦: '" '¦•., ' ¦ "¦'¦¦¦. ..¦ • ; \ ¦=-"' .:..
Edwin :. Tillson, a rangy \ youth, . made
short work of ."Jockey'* • Bennett.' . He
knocked the rider out in one round. Ben
nett thought he was going over, the "hur
dles when the finishing punch landed- and
he stayed down until -counted out. '"Cy
clpne". Kelly knocked 'Joseph J Hammond
out in the first round;' Kelly, was all over
his man and Hammond gracefully sought
the carpet. Mike Smith hammered. ."Kid"
Bias over - the.' ring; and > when .the "Kid"
thought : he ¦ had >been: a human ; punching
bag for- a sufficient length of time J . he
picked , but < a soft place and ~ lay down.
He arose when ; . counted out ' and ¦ : was
roundly ' hooted for : displaying -'..¦ frozen
lower extremities. - ¦'.'-• ¦-¦-¦¦ . ¦..¦¦.¦¦?¦<¦.
Eddie Sweeney, who had the distinction
of, being a judge for one day, tried to-make
an announcement at. this Juncture,' but« his
bird-like voice. could not be heard beyond
the ropes and he gave 'it; up ( in despair.
William Kruger, who does not claim,re
lationship .to ,"Oom Paul,'.'- proyed more
satisfactory. He, claimed to ib,ave 'held
"Steve" Brodie's coat when t%& flatter
Jumped' from the Brooklyn bridge and 'the
drowd '.therefore paid earnest heed to his
announcements. :, The > band'- played -the
same tune for the fifth time, but the har
monious strains were, lost in .the . uproar..
• Henry \\Jasser, .the "pridq *. of:- the - yal-,
ley," '-received, an: ovation' .when ¦:» he /en
tered the ring and this in > part 'repaid
him for the severe thumping he received
at the -a hands of-' James •' McDonald ,v a
husky, youth : from-* the south', side. ¦ L< De
spite the • fact' that 'McDonald : outpunched '
Wesser and had j him- in ¦ a gory * condition,"
the Judges— James f Raggett and "Johnny.
Rock— gavethe decision;, to thei"pride;of
the -valley." It was a biased decision and
was roundly: hooted. -One of- McDonald's
seconds gave , vent ¦ to his disgust by- mak
ing a punching-bag ' out of , Raggett, until
the police interfered. ; . . : • o. V '. , ¦
- The : battle between Jack McCarthy and
Dan Barry i was '.the event -of -the -night:
Both' men if ought cleverly; , and " after four
rounds of-} heavy; work *- the .' referee' called
it ' a :> draw.' McCarthy .... knocked ';¦ Barry
down four. times in the second. round* and
Barry repaid him -by^sendingi. McCarthy
down- twice and'closing; his- left-eye. .In
the. third* McCarthy, wrestled Barry to the
floor and the latter claimed a fouLgltlwas
not awarded hlm.^and 'after, some! delay
the ¦. men ; were sent I together.! again.-- They
fought a hard battle, and as both were, on
their i feet : at j th? end of the fourth '.round,
it' was declared ¦ a'. draw. 1 i;They^w;il < be
matched -again;; and* the /outcome. of> their
second' meetin{r,wiir : be!watched .with' deep
Interest by the. ring-goers. " ¦ " ;"¦/•,:* r -r^.-'.-
• "Kid" 'McCoy showered , blows : on - Joe
Yf y»- ¦•pITH" the -opening of the San
\\ W /Francisco, Kennel Club's bench
XV XV show, which .. takes place on
V ¦'-, V Wednesday next,'. local fanciers
,' , ><• will have an opportunity -to
:Iew and criticize some of the most famous
logs in the world. -Never before* in' the
history of kennel matters in . San> Fran
cisco have so many high -class;: Eastern
dog3 been entered for .a local show^ and
the fact • that half, a dozen -prominent
handlers are on their . way West; with
strings ranging from twenty to- fifty dogs
shows that breeders are beginning- to .re
alize the big figure > cut *by the Western
fanciers in dog matters. '
One of the most 1 important strings to ; bo
exhibited is. that of. Charles Lyndon,'man
ager of the Norfolk Kennels. :'- Mr. Lyndon
brings, besides a number of fine dogs from
the kennels with which he . is connected,
several from the establishment of " Charles
\V. Keyes, proprietor of -- the Hillcrest
Kennels. '~ *' ' ' ¦ •'¦¦ "' '¦'•-.. :
Champion Meersbrook Bristles is the
t s tar "of " the Hill crest contingent. ¦ He is a
•wire-haired fox terrier -that . has won ' the .
'•world over, and has < sired such celebrated'
dog-s.as Champion. Go- Bang:. Champion
'Thornfleld Knockout,' Champion Encllffe
'Billy-and-.many. others. -Other,- cracks of
the Hillcrest breeding are Ridgewood Tim,
Champion Hlllcrest Solace : and Hillcrest
Fencer.- ¦¦;./• .. . v ¦ ' -" • '••-¦ ¦' •¦¦ - ' - '
'The - Norfolk string are Norfolk . Main-
San Francisccf Kennel-GlubJs E
Wednesdays .Will the, : Best i for Quantify; and of
; v) Entries" Eyer Held !^
«®oo® ©0©»©e ceoasd o ©©os> >
Jfiicycies! !
8 r > The Big A %
• In the Cycling World. T< 5
• ; CLEVELANDS 8
• : $35 ' $40 $50 S
8 TRIBUNES 8
8 / $35 $40 $50 •
8 CRESCENTS %
• $25 ;$30. -,; '$35 »
2 SNELLS - 8
8 $25 _>¦ $30 ; $40 $50 8
2 Se* the Clevelac>l RED-HEAI> RACER. ®
• with special Palmer Tires. !'Beiutlea*;; © '
O In a class of their own. " ''.*•' A
0 Good allowance for your old bicycle, a
8 LEAVTTT & BILL, •'
• 309 LarKin Street. •
V • -•..<"_.,¦-< - • • A
A Bargains in' second-hand bicycles, a
-Send; for. list.- -. g
Q%9%99*99Q99*wiw
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
JMUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
\ Of The Larc«t Anatomical Museum in the \ ¦
B MijVu. World. .Weaknesses or any eomrict;<i P
? j3t52»| disease posllWrlyrnredhy the oldest f
' V "IBS I Specialist on the Coast. ' Est 36 years. ; w 0 "
iflSCi DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM A
f B Con%ult«ion ftse and strictly prWare.
0 j5^t fl Tre f m = nt personalty or by letter. A t <
mlS 8 >w " lt "* C" r «"i eTerycaseuaaettaken. ' X- -
f I • Write for Book. PHItOSOFBT •€>*¦-
* , T BABBMGE. HA FREE. (AV
X tJ . ¦ '/ U; valuable book for mm > . . ' ,
" DR. JOBS A3f * CO.: 1051 Market St.S. F. \ '
DR: GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tho . Cn? a o? Conorrhosa, Gl««t*.
¦ - Strictures and analogous complaint*
HIBRA 2 *•?« Organs of Generation. :f3gB&
" Price Jl ' a bottle. ' For • sale * by drujils ta.Chile has. elected a ,new Cabinet.- ;This should be
a reasonably, safe preliminary assertion, for a: predic
tion that the "next important news, from. ; Chile will be
that of a new 'revolution. - *
The Klondike country expects to make an output
of $25,000,000 of gold this season, and once more will
lead the Alaskan output, but within a year or two the
Nome diggings promise to beat anything the Cana
dians can do in that section of the world
MUSIC : AND FLIGHT.
DR. ANDREW \VILSON, F.| R. S. E., in a
contribution to the Edinburgh Scotsman re
viewing the progress of science and invention,
states that at a recent 'meeting of electrical experts in
London one of them, Mr. Duddell, gave an account
of certain experiments he had' made showing that
electric arcs can.be so manipulated as to evoke musi
cal tones. It is claimed by the. experimenter that by
the aid of suitable [apparatus electric , lights could be
played" upon like an organ and' made to give/forth
music possessing both delicacy, and strength. '
Commenting upon the experiments jH Dr.V Wilson
says : ' "The • subject is more of a' scientific curiosity
at present 'than' anything else, but itvjs- never; safe '• to
"predict what may be the development of any new dis
covery in the domain of electrical 'energy." He sug
gests that it is j. quite probable the phrase "electrical
organ" may soon be applied to'an instrument which
w: 11 much more nearly. correspond, with thatfdescrip
tion than does-one in which drily the keys are oper
ated by electrical force.; . : r , ' J- -,¦->'.
The - possibilities of the invention are. enticing to
the imagination. When the electric dynamos; that" are
used to/generate; light by 'night can be v - used also to
evoki?-music .throughout the wide' reachf of fall', the
wires connected with the*, central ' plant 'there ' will ] be
no- longer any; difficulty jabout : furnishing music ; for
the ¦ masses. .:- A giant corporation : can ¦form a music
trust; and- provide anything frqmVdance rnusic'tb'furi-.
eral dirges .at anyrpkce'suppliedlwithats^wires.v^ylt
will be an easything then to ring-Tup" a' telephone "and
According to a report going the rounds of the East
ern press'a recent investigation. of the careers of col
lege trained negroes shows they have had suclr suc
cess as , to have acquired property of a valued equiva
knt to an average of S^ooo for each one of the' group;
ai.d if that.be true 'the colored brother, has no right
to kick, for he is ahead of a good many" white colle
giates:' . ; '. . ¦; ¦'.." ., '¦¦¦>.:¦'¦'¦•-:¦/¦_• '¦:' •
x . ..¦Truckee';"has ; municipal
worry and tribulation, the criminal i'elemeht T . of J the
little town. ? -The .next and immediate; stepTsKould very
p»-operly.:be a ¦. summary^ remdvalipf JtKe'*6ffendingTele' :
. In 'a "recent proclariiation to his people the Emperor
of China' speaks of jhe European armies in. his do
minions as his "guests." The term is a neat one, for
iisaves the Emperor from confessing to his people
thac any powder is stronger than his own, and' at the
same time -is so polite tHe invaders can' feel at liberty
to exercise the. right cf a guest and -take* what they
wish. ' ¦ ¦ : . ' . : ' . ',' '', '¦ ¦ ' * .-*>- \'
No legs than: thirty-eight Mormon missionaries
saiied from 'Boston to , on a single day last
week, and as a result wemay expect' to have several
hundred Mormon; converts sailing, from Europe to'
this country. on a single *ip. Mormonism may be
unAmerican in many respects, but it has no lack. of
American vigor. \ , . ; ' '
, The young ladies and; gentlemen who are about to
graduate '. from ; ¦ Berkeley' are -tempting fate - with a
temerity jmost unusual. ; They^ intend to predict their
future and twenty years hence meet and; read the
prophecies ih!the retrospect. 'Some of them probabl3'
will hot care to be present at that meetiiig. . * :
- An enterprising ' young pugilist of Chicago wants
to enter the ; military V academy at West Point. .'• It is
altogether .within the range' of probability that prize-'
fighting will be eliminated fro'm the" hazing code of .the
institution if the young .man succe'eds in his ambi-;
tion.^i ;. . ¦ ;¦ '¦ -:..-''¦ . \ . .-." : . ¦¦:¦..-•¦ V ¦<• . "7 -. .-• v : _. " ' *¦
• : Thirteen grayed diggers ! went the ; other
day in Philadelphia," and now all.*are .looking foriother
jobs'. .They should have 'respected- th$ ' hoodoo iof 'their
number arid;; the natural ; privilege of : the dead to - get
off theearthvvithout unnecessary inconvenience.- ;. v'/ •«
Seekers' after, the curious have discoveVed a . band-*
some Chicago , 4 professor.' who avers that . he never
kissed a girl: V Somebody ought: to" boom him for ;a
place » in • the ' calendar^of the-. saints or run ¦¦ him •; for
President of. tHe United States against Hobson. .
.'•••Now that David Bennett- Hill '^ has fairly , launched
hiJ'-Presidential boom ?.nd has ¦organized, a. prelimiuj
kfy,- fight i against Tammany in iNew York.. City, it -is
high! time for Bryan*, and; Croker,tq^ get together -and
decide what to do about'it. t^- f ,:/ ..:•';'.: .;':"!
Decorate for McKinley.
30,000 rolls red, white and blue- crepe
paper. Immense colored bust pictures of
McKinley on stretchers. Bunting, festoon-
Ing, shields and flags for the million. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ¦ •-
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public - men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 "Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. > •
Townsend'9 California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Look
out 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. •
Cal. glace- fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candies^ Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
VALLEJO'S petition that arrangements , be
made for taking President McKinley to Mare
Island during his visit to this part of tlie State
is one that should be promptly granted. It is 'riot too
la'e for the committee in charge of the reception in
this city to so reconstruct the programme as to give
ample time for the visit . Hardly anything j in' this
vicinity could be more interesting to the chief,magis
trate of the nation, and there is hardly anything in
which it could^be of more value to us to have 'him
The Government works. at Mare Island are the
most important on the Pacific Coast, and. yet .they. We
by no means all that is desirable. In the course of a
personal^ inspection of them the President and his
Cabinet w<yild readily perceive in what respect ex
tensions and improvements are necessary to fit the
station for the increasing work imposed upon it by the
recent development of our national interests in all
lands around the Pacific Ocean, and the administra
tion would therefore be more inclined than ever 'to
support our Senators and Representatives in their
efforts to from Congress the -appropriations
needed for making the yard adequate to the demand
upon it.
It is well. known that one of the obstacles in the
way of advancing California interests at Washington
is the comparative ignorance of Eastern statesmen
concerning the full extent of the importance of thosa
interests to the nation. The thing that is near at hand
always appear larger than the thing that is remote.
Consequently the various forts, navy-yards and other
governmental plants in the East fill a larger place. in
the minds of Eastern statesmen than do those on this
side of the. continent. -We should, therefore, take ad
vantage of every opportunity to bring visiting states
men into personal contact with the Government sta
tions in .California. An inspection of any establish
ment of the kind would have more effect in bringing
about a clear appreciation of its relative value to the
«iation than could volumes of reports and descriptions,'
or any .number of speeches in the House or the
Senate. -'¦ ,
It can hardly be doubted that the President would
most gladly avail himself of an' opportunity to visit
Mare Island if it be afforded him. Ever since he left
the army his mind has been occupied with govern
mental affairs. Every form of the work carried on bv
the nation is. of interest to him, and now that he is
President and has great duties to, fulfill in regard to
all governmental activities his interest is keener than
ever. A personal inspection of so important a Gov
ernment station as that at Vallejo would, therefore,
be to him a matter of no little gratification, since it
would enable him to understand more clearly what has
been accomplished there and what more is required- to
make future accomplishment greater still.
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that a trip to
Vallejo, while it would not take much time, would be
for the President and his party a welcome rest from
the parades and functions of his reception in the city.
For that reason, therefore, as. well. as for the others
stated, the petition, from Vallejo should be granted.
Let the committee in charge of the reception see to
it that the President and his Cabinet visit Mare Isl
ands Vallejo petitions it, and the interests of the Pa
cific Coast— and indeed of the whole nation—de
mand it." ~ .
VALLEJO'S PETITION.
ANSWERS TO COBBESPON3>ENTS.
"WEATHER REPORTS— R. M. M., City.
For date of rain in the different counties
in the State of .California apply at tho
office or the weather bureau, In the Mills
building, San Francisco.
REVENUE STAMPS— F. B.. City. Old
revenue stamps of more than thirty years
ago have a value according to the supply
and the demand. Prices upon the differ
ent varieties may be obtained from deal
era In stamps. This department, how
ever, does not advertise such. r : : ,. v v
PEDRO— R- P., Eureka, CaL As low
always counts before pedro In the game
of pedro, if A had one point to make, B
had seven to make and made high. Jack,
and pedro, and A made low, he won the
game, as the count is high, low. Jack,
game and pedro.
VETERINARY LAW-J. W. B.. Wat
sonvllle, Cal. None of the bills on veter
inary matters introduced at the last hejd
session of the California Legislature be
came- a law. The law regulating the
practice of dentistry applies to human
dentistry; the words "horse dentistry"
do not appear in the law.
CONDUCTOR— A. C, City. To make
application for a position ''as conductor
on a steam railroad across the bay" di
rect your inquiry to the railroad you
would like to offer your services to. As
you do not state where "across the bay"
the railroad is, this department cannot
advise you further. : r >' x «
LOCATION— D. R., Confidence, CaL
A decision in relation to mineral lands
says: There is no law to prevent par
ties from locating other claims upon the
same lode, outside cf the first location
made on the lode or vein. If a lode or
vein 3000 feet long Is discovered two lo
cations may be made, each 1500 feet
thereon.
BANKS IN LIQUIDATION— A. V. F..
Fishbrook, and M. C, City. The latest
payment that ba3 been made by the
People's Home Savings is the dividend
which was ordered paid April 22, 1901.
The total paid to date Is 40 per cent.
The Masonic Savings and Loan Bank
has not paid any dividends since Septem-'
her 28, 1831. It has long since wound up
its affairs, after having paid 96 21-100
per cent to depositors.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
Prepared ; by; Experts and .Specialists for
The : San Cat!.
The Klaborate System by Which the Fed
' eral Goyernrneht-Prepares the Precious
/Metals for Coinage.
By George E. Rooerts,
r>IBECTOB OF THE MINT.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
XH— MINT SERVICE ' O F THE ITNITED STATES. .
The United State's has^now three' mints i
in operation," located at Philadelphia, New j
Orleansaiid'San Francisco.- In addition'to ]
these if maintainsY assay offices at New ,
York, St. Louis. -,Deadwood,7 Deliver, •
Helena/ Boise, Carson, Seattle and Char- i
lotte';- , N;; C;;;' The; Institutions at Carson j
andj Charlotte were j formerly mints, but .
owing," tola- decline-in 'the importance of
the': mining fields • tributary to them they
were J reduced^ to V assay- offices. . On , the
other haridi" the Denver^ofnce wiU'soon be-' '¦
come a'vmint,;:Corigress,' having appro
priated $500,000>f6r'a*bulldlng. and. $150,000
for its equipment for coinage operations.
') An: assay office is. practically an outside
agency a -'mint: It receives' bullion, as
certains'and pays : the' coinage value, less^
any charges that may be laid for the ser-'
vice, and ships it to. one of the mints. The
equipment "and ¦organization" of a mint is
expensive, and it is cheaper to coricentrate
cpinage^operations in . a. fe,w inst|tutioris- -
than} to -• multiply- riiints. '. An assay office
renders " practically the same service . to
the' mining, industry \ that" Is rendered by a
mint/-' The New* York assay office receives
bullion uponVprecIsely^ the same terms as
a, mint, i but. Uhe. others make a special
charge of one-eightli.of 1 per cent in ad
dition to" mint" charges.
. Regulations Regarding Coinage.
.: Bullion that is of standard fineness and
requires no treatment to fit it for. coinage
is | received and coined without charge. If
it ; contains . base or other metal • which
must be removed a refinery charge . is
made, and if it is above the standard an
alloy charge fs made. The law provides
that these charges shall equal but not ex
ceed the cost of the service. From 1792 to
1S53 coinage was free at our 'mints; from
1853 to 1873 the charge was one-half of 1
per cent; the act of 1S73 reduced the coin
age charge on gold to one-fifth of 1 per
cent and excluded silver from. coinage on
private account ; in . 1875, as a measure to
promote 'the resumption of specie pay
ments, the. coinage of gold was made free.
Exchange of Gold for Bullion.
When an owner of gold bullion presents
It at a, mint or assay office it is weighed
in hisp'resence and a receipt given.-
This receipt Moes not state the value of
the deposit; that must be ascertained by
assay,, and the depositor is told to return
at a given time, the next day or within a
• few days, and receive payment. 'The the
ory., of free, coinage ¦ originally was that
the Government would receive a deposit
or's bullion and return the identical bul
lion in the form of coin, as the old-time
grist mills used .: to recelvtea farmer's
wheat and return the flour made from his
own grain. : But. it is simpler and more
convenient and a saving of time to the
depositor for the Government to advance
the coinage value as soon as the bullion
has ioeen>assayed. The law authorizes the
Secretary of. tho Treasury to keep a sup
ply of coin in each mint for this purpose,
"when the state of the treasury will ad
mit." . . ' ••¦':-•
Bullion is received at . a mint by the
weigh clerk, who represents the superin
tendent of the institution, and the weigh
ing is witnessed. by the registrar .of depos
its, who represents the administrative of
fice iat< Washington. From the weigh
clerk's vault the bullion goes to the de
posit melting 1 : room,, where it is. melted as
a precaution against a filled, bar. From
the new bar two clips are taken at oppo
site ends and sent to the assayer. If they
agree in results the bar is paid for on that
basis.. - > - .
, Preparing the Metal for Coinage,
v This bar now passes from the custody
of -the superintendent of the mint to that
of the melter and refiner. He receipts for
it, and gives a heavy. bond. to the Govern
ment, ¦¦'although, in this, as in all such
positions, the bond is insignificant com
pared-with the trust confided to the of
ficer. The melter and refiner of the Phila
delphia mint has $30,000,000 to $40,000,000 in
his custody. Under his direction the metal
is given-: the treatment- required -to fit it
for coinage and is manufactured into in
gots of suitable size for :the. rolling ma'
chines. This done, it is delivered by him
back to the superintendent, and simulta
r.eously.'turned over to. the coiner and re
ceipted for accordingly. ' '»•<
The coiner now has the metal in the
shape of ingots of the fineness of coin
and manufactures it into coin: It first
passes through several sets of rolls', then
under a punch which punches out the in
dividual pieces. Each of the latter is
weighed separately, to see that it is with
in the limit of tolerance; then it
through- the milling machine, which gives
it the raised edge; then it is.put in a re
tort or furnace and heated to a- cherry
red. When taken out the pieces are dip
ped in a. mild solution of sulphuric acid
to clean and soften them before going to
the press for. coinage,
Keeping Track of the Precious Metal.
Then' the pieces go to the coining press.
The coiner delivers the money to the su
perintendent ' and takes his receipt. \ The
latter turns it into | the treasury or : pays
it out 'for> more -bullion. ..At least once
every year there is a complete . shutdown
and settlement, and each of these, three
departments of the mint must show ; the
metal charged- to it. The heads of the
departments have a daily settlement, with
¦their subordinates, who must account be
fore they leave the building for. the metal
that-has been left in their hands during
the.day. ' ; 'i-' r . '."' * ' " ' '.,
Out of .each- delivery/from coiner to su-.
perintendent 'the latter is required "to, take
indiscriminately- in the presence of the as
sayer a, certain number of pieces,-. which
are sealed and put in a box that Is double
locked and can only be opened' by the ac
tion of both. . Once 'every year the Presi
dent appoints a. body of men known, as
the annual Assay Commission, composed
of prominent, citizens, .: to examine .and
test these reserved coins and; report upon
them.- This is a check: upon the -work of
the . year ' and an ' assurance . to the Presi
dent and through him tp/ the country that
the-. coin is- being: kept at standard. ,'> At
the. same time the reservation ' \ for. the
Assay; Commission is- made >'. other "coins
are withdrawn and • sent to the \ Director
of the mint at Washington and assayed at
once. i . , - • ,
/Taking Care of : the Fractions.
• When'a depositoris paid for" his bullion
he signs a -voucher which ¦'"Is', forwarded
to, the office of the Director of. rthe Mint
at' Washington; with the original receipt
and all the particulars of the transaction.
Every v calculation is ¦; verified • there,' arid
! tha-accounts* are passed . over, quarterly
to the auditor for the treasury, in whose
office every transaction and calculation is
a second time reviewed.
" In computing the fineness of bullion de
posits * the ¦ figures = are carried out ¦ to ' the
¦ quarter .thousandth,-. ; and the fractions
thrown to the Government. .-" , ;->-. .'
¦ The fractions that l thus Inure, . although
insignificant on each, deposit, are. in tho
aggregate an important sum, .and fre
quently'affect: the-wastage of -the -year.
There is a, legitimate x and necessary 'loss
in melting, pouring and handling the met
als :' over ..and over, ¦ as must be done in
n:int ¦ operations.';: The law provides, that
- an allowance may;be made therefor.- But
for "the .fiscal year ended. June 30, .1900; al
though the: mints handled in round", num
bers r $155,000,000 worth 'of bullion, *¦ turning
• It i over : repeatedly, the' Government came
¦ out ahead on-the year's 'operations 'to the
extent f of ; $8601 95.> j This-. gain: -was -due in
part, to the fractions thrown 'to. the Gov
ernment as stated ; above. ¦ - • ¥'£\i'*
:. Standard; of for. Coins.
•The standard "of weight in the'mint ser-'
vice t Is :" a'- brass troy pound <. procures *-¦ in
¦ Londonl in 1827 -by Albert" Gallatin, - then,
our Minister J . to Great iBritain. 5 Mt is -kept
' In the Philadelphia' mint, aria is used only
as the standard to which the '.weights ;in
¦', use " are - • adjusted.- ;: ,The : : deviation ., from
¦• standard ; permitted onja ; double- eagle -Is
¦ a half grain,"- of.: one L part } in i 1032,7 and i In
'. practices the i nunt*. never /.makes iaTdellv
' ery . of *' coins :; below; ' standard, i. although"
; withint.the >. limit i of ;, tolerance,^ without : at
the same . time delivering: an eaual . amount
¦ ¦" ,\". j » , /¦¦ ¦ ¦ '.- ¦ ¦ . '.- ¦ .. ¦¦ ~: • .v '
that are above standard and within the
limit. — < ...
The standard unit of value is the gold
dollar, which contains 23.22 grains of fine
g-old and with the alloy weighs 2a.S fjaln^
The standard of fineness of all gold and
silver coins of the United States is 90U
parts in 1000. , The alloy is of copper and
is used to harden the coin v and save it
from abrasion. • >• -
' Gold and Silver Coin Now Minted.
The gold coins now provided for by law
are the double eagle or $20 piece, eagle
or $10 piece, half-eagle or $5 piece and the
quarter eagle or $2 50 piece. The Jl piece
has, been discontinued as too small for
commercial use. Most; of our gold coin
age has been in double eagles, the total
output of gold from the foundation of the
mint -down to June 30, 1900, having been
$2,147,088,113. of. which $1,538,826,060 was In
double eagles.
The silver coins now minted axe the dol
lar, the half-dollar, quarter-dollar and
dime." All silver coinage at present 13
from bullion purchased under the act or
July 14, 1890, commonly known as the
Sherman . act." There is about 61,000,000
ounces of this bullion still on hand. It
was all purchased, for coinage Into silver
dollars, but under the act of March 12,
1900, the Secretary of the Treasury was
authorized to use it for subsidiary coins
a3 might be required,- provided that the
total stock of the latter in the country
should not exceed $100,000,000. The present
stock Is about $87,000,000.
The gold coins and the silver dollar are
a legal tender for all debts. The other
silver coins,' known as subsidiary coins,
are a legal tender to the amount of $10.
.The latter may be had in sums of $200 or
more at any subtreasury or will be sent
by express at the Government's expense
upon the payment of an equal sum of law
ful, money. They are also redeemable in
lawful money at any substreasury in sums
of ?2o or over.
Subsidiary and Minor Coins.
The subsidiary coins are lighter in pro
portion to their face value than the silver
dollar. The latter weighs 412% grains, but
two half-dollars or four quarter-dollars
weigh only 3S5.8 grains. • ¦ a
The 1-cent and 5-cent pieces are caned
minor coins. The-1-cent piece consists of
95 per cent copper and 5 per cent tin and
zinc. The 5-cent piece is 75 per cent cop
per and 25 per cent nickel. The minor
coins are a legal tender to the amount of
25 cents and are redeemable at any sub
treasury in sums of $20. They are deliv
ered in sums of $20, free of express
charges, on receipt of an equal sum In
lawful money. )
: Profits of th.e Government Mints.
The issue of subsidiary and minor coins
on Government account is a source of
large profit, amounting. on minor coins for
the year ended June 30, 1900, to $1,794,633 04,
or more than the total expenditures- of the
mint service. The profit on subsidiary
coinage last year was $3,008,428 68. The to
tal earnings of the ! mint service for the
last fiscal year. was $10,641,940 60; tho to
tal' expenditures, $1,703,492 64, and the net
earnings of the service, $8,938,447 96.
Against this, however, must be counted
the liability of the Government for all of
this overvalued coin, which it has paid
out to the public at its face value and ia
,in honor, bound ; to maintain at par with
its standard money.
The first mint of the United States was
-established at Philadelphia, the then seat
of government, in 1792. The cornerstone
of the edifice now occupied in Philadelphia
was laid in 1829. A new structure is now
approaching completion in that city, for
for which $2,000 000 has been appropriated,
arid with its equipment it will constitute
the finest mint in the world. It will be oc
cupied about July 1 next. This institu
tion gives employment to about 500 peo
ple. The mint at New Orleans was estab
lished in 1835 and now employs about 200
people. ; : ; ¦ . •
The mint at I San Francisco was estab
lished in 1S52 and now employs about 225
people. The total number of people em
ployed in the mint service is about 1150.
.-. Enormous Volume of Coinage.
'The. coinage of gold during the last fis
cal year was $107,937,110. The coinage of
silver dollars was $18,244,9S4; of subsidiary
silver $12,876.84915, and of minor coln3
$2,243,017 21. The manufacture of the minor
coins involved the striking of 101,301,753
pieces and of subsidiary coins 57,114,270
pieces. It . may be safely said that the
above figures surpass any record before
made by any Government. The total num
ber of pieces struck. last'year by the Royal
Mint in London and all its colonial
branches was 144,823,124, and this was un
precedented . in '; the history of English
coinage" operations. The total number of
Eieces struck. by. the mints of the United
tates last year was 184,373,793.
Eraln-workers and nervous people know the
beneficial effects derived from the use of the
genuine Dr. Siegert's- Angostura Bitters.
The favorite for restoring life and color to the
Ihalr Is Parker's lialr Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the best "cure for corns. IS cts.
cAiiiroBJirrANS nr new yobk.
¦ . •¦ ¦ ¦- • .
NEW YORK. May 8.-Th© following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco — F. F. Ames, at Astor; Miss S.
Bixby, at Netherland; P. Bush, at Herald
Square: Miss J. Hooper, at Murray Hill;
Miss A. Leedett, at Netherland; J.
Meagher, at Cosmopolitan; Miss ' Nor
wood, Mrs. "W. E. Norwood, at Mur
ray Hill; C. H. Opie, at Herald
Square; L. E. Spear, at Holland; C.
H. Ames, at Grand Union; Dr. E. P.
Halstead, J. B. Halstead. at Herald
Square; J. "W. Key3, at Broadway Cen-
THE WALL -STREET BOOM.
FOR a longtime past conservative men have. been
watering the course of -Wall street with wonder
riot unmixed with fear.'. The rapid. rise in prices,
the vast sales 'of almost all kinds^ of stocks, and -the
ease with which enormous enterprises are capitalized
and floated/ have excitedadmiration; 'but at the same
time many, of; the wise -old heads of the street haye
gone about saying, "It is splendid, but isit -busi
ness?"'V-\--r, ; ' .'¦ :';.¦.•¦¦•-¦ . ''£&'£?&&
The cautious ones, of course, have hot gone long
\ykhout an answer. To* every doubting. question of .
the conservatives, there, has. been returned ;a prompt
reply from some sanguine ". spirit who st.es in' the en- ,
thusiashi of the street nothing more 1 tha.nl the natural
buoyancy of a people whose industry 'and; commerce!
are not only nourishing but are growing .upon a" soil;,
rich enough to keep them! expanding arid; developing,
for an indefinite period • to . come. ' . Thus%: Senator
Hanna/wheri asked concerning' a predictioh^ofJRuo
sellSage that Wall street has a Black >Friday1 ahead,
answered cheerfully: • "There is riot af cloud^ in" the j
skj r . "I cannot prophesy anything dangerous or threat
ening.' ;We have turned over, a pew leaf. /We .cannot,
measure the presently the past." " '/ . t. ¦• .r'f
k. The controversy turns upon the nature of. the forces
and conditions that constitute , what, .is , called., a
"boom." The New^ York Tirnes.in defining. the: worii
and explaining its origin says: '"The fact that.it desig
nates the spar. by which the; sail is.stretchedtcr catch
the propelling breezes may explain its suggestivenesa
as a slang term ¦ useful : in describing the means by
which is brought about a condition of business which
is frequently described as a good deal of
sail.' The length and strength of the. boorn,jof a. sail
ing craft is a factor of pririie importance in determin
ing the amount of sail she/will carry. This fact gave
to the Word boom a significance easily and generally,
appreciated, and probably explains its crystallization,
into our language to describe conditions which are
so far abnormal that no standard English word ex
actly met the requirements of colloquial and news
paper use.": '• . ...:'¦ ' . :
Holding fhe belief that the present boom in Wall
street is in the nature; of ft*"sail set for all winds that
blowj'the TimesTeminds its readers that booms "jibe"
frequently and that those who are not on the-look
out, when the shifting of position takes place "afe
very liable to be reminded of the value of "watchfulness
by being knocked into the cockpit, or overboard, as
the case may be." . - , -
There is, however, another view taken of the con
ditions that constitute a bi>om. r According" to that view
the word does not .mean" a sail of any kind,"nor*was it
brought into the language of 'trade from "any such
source as the Times' says.' It is claimed the, word has
long been in use in the^Mississippi Valley to signify
a rise in the 'waters of the. river. When - the stream
overruns its banks it is said. to be "booming." Thu|,
the argument is that the activity in Wall street is not
due to the spreading of sails for wind, but to the
abounding' and overflowing prosperity of the country.
-It will be .seen there are; several kinds of booms.
Unfortunately there -appears v no safe way of, distin
guishing one from the other until all is over and apost
mort'em is. held. ' The present boom may be a genuine,
substantial, business' affair, but it may also be a specu
lative craze started by clever, men who wish to ob
tain more'than their fair share of the general good.
There is nothing to be gained by being a pessimist
unless one happens to be > a bear like Russell Sage,
but all the same it willbe just as well for .the, average
man to let speculation alone, for- this may be of
the booms that jibe suddenly and there is. no 'telling
when a good many" sanguine fellows are going,tobc
knocked into the cdckpit. : . > • . '
BUSINESS AND GOVERNMENT.;
ONE of our contemporaries is quite shaken and
\ shocked because the ' Government . of the
United States has not built the ¦ Nicaragua
canal long ago, when it is in evidence that, 1 if he chose,'
Pierpont Morgan could -build it in a year and have it
open to commerce..
There is no doubt that Mr. Morgan could -do the
work quicker and better than all the Governments on
earth combined. Undertaken as a private 'enterprise
there' would be no diplomatic or international com
plications.. The states over whose. territory the ditch
passes would enfranchise Mr. Morgan to do the work
and prpbably exact from him an annual subsidy, con
sisting' of a fixed "percentage of the earnings of the
canal, and he would syndicate the enterprise, capitalize
and put it through, and then open' it on equal condi
tions to all nations. Being practically an. extension of
the two oceans, it would be subject to the same prin
ciples of, public and international law as their waters,
and would of necessity, therefore, be ; , neutral water,
f^r its shores would be always within the neutral line.
« But Mr/ Morgan has concluded not to build an
isthmian canal at present, therefore the slow motions
of Government must be patiently waited. If one ask
why?are they" slow, all history answers because they
are government motions. It may be set down among
the facts that time and history prove that no.Govern-
Tnerit can do .anything as well as the 'individual can
do it To begin'with, a man can govern himself much
easier, cheaper and better than any Government can
govern him, if he choose. In its very beginning, then,
' government ris~'the outgrowth of the imperfections of
•man, and it tias^aU the, characteristics of its* origin.
Justified by the refusal of man to use . his own ca-,
parity, it.. reflects., the incapacity which creates 'and
makes it necessary. ' ¦/" •. ¦'
/As the isthmian canal is to be constructed -by the
Government, treaties must be .made, international
agreements must be '* ratified, politics, patriotism,
demagogy and corruption must all have a hand in the
pie. The enemies of the" canal, who could not impede
Pierpont Morgan a single day in the work, can im
pede the Government from session to session of Con
gress, perhaps until reaction from, speculation has
brought on a panic and a pinch that will make the
construction impracticable, or untir some. change in
the king row on the international checkerboard has
made it impossible. .. :-
What is happening or failing to happen in the.build
ing of the canal by the Government is an illustration
of the infirmity of Government as a person in busi
ness. Government is for the purpose of making in
dividuals in business do right, keep their .contracts,
.refrain from oppression and abstain from restraint of
trade. It is to make those who supply the people
with water furnish good water at a reasonable price,
and those who furnish transportation to supply it at
a reasonable rate and on terms of equality to all
comers. 'Government can fix the time at which a
railroad shall be finished, by voiding right of way and
other contracts in which time is made the essence.
Government can make all individuals ! keep their
contracts, but >no one can make; Government keep its
contract. It makes -arid : breaks bargains without
apology or liability, and because it is a Government
is incapable of business honor or responsibility.
Fancy a business man- against whom contracts can
not be enforced, who cannot be sued in the courts,
who breaks his, wprd at^will, who is, without business
Hotior: or" honesty, and you have" fancied a character
so repulsive 'and revolting that it ' is impossible -in the
individual-, who would not be able- to escape the. pen
alties of his faithlessness and vice. But. when the
Government embarks in business it presents every one
of those revolting features and is exactly what an in
'dividual-would be. who possessed them all.
-Government's proper function is the making of in- '
dividuals do right in their business transactions." But
no' one can make the Government do fight in busi
ness, therefore it has no business to be in business.
These considerations deterred the friends of an'isth
mian canal from seeking Government ownership and
administration- of that work. .They foresaw the inva
sion 1 of the issue by politics, and delay in beginning
the work and corruption in its execution; but .'it h
determined that it is to be a Government work, and
its must restrain their impatience "while the
advocates of Government ownership complain ' be
cause that which was foreseen has come to pass, and
we have no canal. . \ •
Sixty-six years ago Mr. Clayton, who later on male
the Bulwer treaty, began the agitation for. an isthV
mian canal.' Since then six transcontinental roads
have^been built and Jthe Suez canal has been finished
by joint stock companies and corporations.- Our in-,
land transportation system has grown to "be the great
est in''the world.' Our facilities for the export of mid
continehtaj products to the seacoast, and return there-'
frpm of the imports for which they are* exchanged, .
are matchless in speed, safety and cheapness; but the
Government is so feeble in business that it is barely
able to keep the seaports open as. the pores through,
which the country) must sweat its trade or die. .
say, "Turn on an accompaniment for *A C Hot Tim£ in
the' Old : Town ¦ To-night,' and after that; give Jb a
waltz/ followed by- the lancers." Entertaining sur
prise partieswill be a soft snap. \ - = ; i /
One dread danger impends over a prospect ..other
wise full of happy promise. 'Should it be found pos
sible to make the arc lights resound in tuneful strains
there -might : be a demand ¦ for their use . in that 'way
by every ; street "parade.' ' There : might even , be a ¦ de
njand for. a municipal; music ; plant. > The is
loo horrifying, to/be dwelt -upon" at any length, but
it should not be altogether overlooked. .. Science may.
yet render life unbearable by, turning the whole net
work of electric Wires' that radiate through the city
into a- harp of a thousand strings andTplace that im
mense instrument of torture in the hands of a rag
time'Board of Supervisors. • . .
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. T. Al Klables of the Veterans'
Home is at the Grand. '¦„
Former. Senator H. V. Morehouse of
San Jose is at the Lick.
James McCudden, a naval contractor of
Vallejo, is at the Grand.
B. F. Brooks, a well-known oil man of
Bakersfield, is at the Palace.
L. J.-Rose Jr., an extensive breeder of,
trottih? ¦ horses, is registered at the
Palace.
W. * E. Woolsey, an extensive raisin
grower of Santa Rosa, is a guest at the
Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Otto Muser will leave for
Belgium In a few days for the benefit of
Mr. Muser's health.
Charles T. Tulluck, the weU-known
merchant of Oakd*Je, is at the Lick, ac
companied by, his wife.
Lew Aubury, State Mineralogist, re
turned from Los Anseles yesterday and
is a guest at the Grand.
Frank H. Buck, a leading 'fruit grower
of Vacaville, accompanied by his wife, la
spending a few days at the Palace.
Mrs. 'A. B. Stelnback, wife of the well
known clothing merchant of PortVind,
Ore., is at the Palace, accompanied by
her daughter.
Fred Treppard of Nashville, Tenn., who
came to California in '49, Is visiting this
city after an absence of many years. He
is the Sliest of Mrs. Anna E. Iredale of
Stevenson street.
THE SAN ITEANCISCP^ CALL, SATURDAY^ *t£Y 4, 1901.
SATURDAY M AY 4, i9°i
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, . Proprietor.
Address All CoaunMic»Uen« tt W. 6. LEAKS, Xu&gtr. : ;-'~~,r
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . . v/vi^*l?55^^E55Il!LS?i
PUBLICATION OFPICB...M«rketand Third. S. K.
Telephone Prew 2OX.
EDITORIAL noOMS 217 to 221 Sterenion St.
Telephone PreH 202.
DrllTerrd *y: Carrier". 15 Cents Per Week. ,
Slhirie Copies. 5 Cent*. - •
Terms by Mall. I nclndlng; Postage i
-»ATt.T.CALI» «nclud!nr Sunday), one year....'. .*.... J«.OO
CA1X.T CALL ClncladJne Sunday). 6 months S-«X>
©AILT CAUL, (including Sunday). 8 month* 1-60
DAILY CALL— By Elnjle Month.... : «5e
WEEKL.Y CALL. On* Tear. " 10 °
AU poitmuteni are anthorifed to recede
¦ nbucrlptlonn. . •• !
Fample copies ¦will "be forwarded when requested. .
Mat! mbBcrtber* In erd»r1nr rha«e».ef- naflr*** should -be
particular to elve both NEW ANI> OLD ADDRESS In order
to laenre a. prompt and correct" compliance with their request.
OAKLA5D OFFICE 1J.1S Broadway
C. GEORGES kltOGXESS.
Ksaager Tonics Adrertiiing, Manjnette Building. CUsags.
• (Less Distance Telephone "Central 2613.").
1 : NBTW TOKK HEPRESENTATTVBt -'.'" -
C C. CABLTO5. .'. Herald Square
?:» JTEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: '-
STEPHEN D. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
•¦-| ::' . ''_¦¦' ..'.¦'
NETW TORE NEWS STANDS: .. . .
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano, a Union Square:
Murray; Hill Hotel. "...-.. ' •
CHICAGO NEWB STANDS: - . . ...'..
Ehermaa House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern H»tel:
Fremcct House; Aadltorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOJT CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., If. W.
MORTOX E. CRAVE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— OT Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until, 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 LarWn, open "until
f SO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 -o'clock. .2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until .8 o'clock. 1096'. Valencia, open
•urtfl 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and ¦ Kentucky, open 'until 9 o'clock. *
rnentr
6
THE SUNDAY CALL
30000000000000000000000000 OOO ~i O O O O O O OOQ^w^^^w^w^^^^w* f\ rt rt f
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
30000000000.000000000000000 OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
3OOOOCOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO q°° 300000000000000000000 00 000
oooooooooooooooooooooooooc OO0 oooooooooooooooooooooooooo
°™"^ "™ Kmmm^^^^^~~ ooo m T^"? m^^^~^ m^^^^^ mm^ m^ mmm^^~
A CALL REPORTER S§2 THE "LOTTA" OF OLD
AMONG THE YAQUI '¦%%%¦¦ AND
INDIANS. ¦ g§ S THE "LOTTA" OF TO-DAY.
."¦..¦-¦ - ¦- ¦ - ooo ¦¦¦-.'- - - ¦ . ¦
50000000000000000000000000 ooc oooooooooooooooooooooooooo
DOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 000 OOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOO
jooooooooooqooojoooooooooo ooc ac^ooooooooooooooooooooooo
OQQOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOO ''OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
70000000000000000000000000 OOO 30000000000000000000000000
HOW OUR TRADE HAS % % % FRATERNITY GIRLS AND
- — » - '• ¦» - ¦— . OOO |V>.«->v -
FOLLOWED THE FLAG. . %%%' HOW THEY LIVE. ,
— ¦ k^ i ooo _; • " ' ' * ' •
dooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooo o^ooT^S^o'^^^^^o'o^i^o^oo
30000000000000000000000000 ooo jo oooo o po oo oooo oooo oooo o oo
JOOOOOQOOOOOOO'OOOOOOOOOOOO OOO 3OOOO0OCOO00OOOOOO000000O0
5OO00O0OO00OOOOOOO0O0O0OOC ?«° 3 0 00 0 00 0000 0000 000 0 000000 0
ooo 00 oooooooooooo 000 oo o °o 0000
.-.¦_.. 1- ---¦...'. . j_^--- ~ -¦ ooo mm^"^™"
FRANCESCA REDDING S§§ BOOKS, FASfflONS, HC-
•^Ain>^HER5 PAWSIAN HI TION AND STORIES OF
; GOWNS. lit ( INTEREST.
_j_^____^_______^_£_^_ : • '¦ • . ooo ¦•' ¦ ¦ ¦ - -
3000000000 ooooooooooqooooo qoq
30000000000000000000000000 ooo 3 00300O000000O00000OOOOO00
3000000000000 p OOO OOOOOOOOO OOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
3000000000000000 0000000000 OOO 9ODO0O00000O000O0O0O00S000
3 oo^oojjja ooooooooooooooo oo ooo ooaoooooooooooooooooeooooo
"""^™""TTTT"""TTT™T™ 1^^"^^^™ 1 " ° ° ° mmm ~ mm ? m ~ mmmmmmmmmmmm ~ mm
THESONGLESS BIRDS OF HI /A SNOWSDDE IN THE
CALIFORNIA. %°% f \ ROCKIES. .
— '¦ . ¦ . ¦ - . ¦ , OOC . * ¦¦
!^n^« OC ' OCOOOOOOI)00 "^ °®-S 00000000000000000000060000
,SS^« ocooooooooooooo c S2e 30000000000000000000000000
P 00 °00000000000000000 ocO 30000000000000000000.000000
iOJOOOOOj^Q 000000oo 00000000 qJI'o^OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoo
' DID GENERAL FUNSTON GET HIS
IDEA FOR jTHE CAPITOE 0 ;
? ®-® ? °-° ° ° ° ° ° ° ° °°oo ooo poooojoooo^oT^To^^o^^oT^^^^^o^o^o^ToT!
0 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO O OOO 0 0 00 03 OOOO OOOO OOO OOOO OOO OOO OOOOOOOOO
oqooooooooooooooo oqoooooc o OOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOQOOOO |
Call tubscrlbera contemplating- a change mt
residence during- the. summer months can hav«
their paper forwarded by moll to their new
addresses by notify ins: The Call Business Office.
This p6,.cr Trill also be on sale at all •nmmcr
KnortB and is represented by a local agent 'in
mil town* «n the coast. Vi ' ¦ ¦ J
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIRG TOWN FOR THE OTHER.
v ':-- AMUSEMENTS. \
y; - - ¦ ¦ ; .' . ;
(Central— "Ten Nights in a Barroom." ;
Tivoll— "The Idol's Eye." , , " v ¦;•¦
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia.— "Sag Harbor." Monday .next.
Alc&rar— "The Conquerors."
Grand Opera-house— "Mr. Barnes of New York."
California— "A Bachelor's Romance."
Olympfa. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ninsr.
Fischer's— Vaa^cville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Emerrvffle Racetrack— Races to-day.NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 3.— The trial
of Ann Maria Rathbun, charged with the
murder of her husband, William Rathbun;
by poison last I December, I closed to-night
with a verdict of murder in the second de
gree and the woman was sentenced to life
imprisonment.
Convicted of the Poisoning.
SEOUL, May, 3.— The Korean Govern
ment has revised its action in the matter
of McLeavy Brown ' and has ordered him
to leave his' residence and relinquish the
control of Korean customs. The repre
sentative of Great Britain in Korea Is
moving actively in the matter. , . . ¦
Shall No Longer Occupy the
1 Position. / .'¦-'¦/¦. ..y-
Korean Government Decides That He
McLEAVY BROWN MUST
GIVE UP THE CUSTOMS
WASHINGTON, May 3.— The Postoffice
Department issued the following to-day:
Postofflces established: Oregon— Barlte,
Wheeler County, Reuben Fields, Postmas
ter; Timber, Washington County, Jose'ph
Burgholze, Postmaster. Postofflce discon
tinued: Washington — Meridian,- Pierco
County, mall to Long Branch. Postmas
ters commissioned: California— Harvey B.
Wiillams. Oneals: John E. Bouquet, San
Pablo; Emma L. Power. Vlrrfland;
Charles M. Knox, Gordan. Oregon— John
A: Denny, Imnaha. Postmasters appoint
ed: California— J. W. Knapp, Fyffe. El
Dorado County, vice L. i E. Tavlor, re
signed; M. J.' Milne, Talmage, Mendocino
County, vice E. A. .McKlnley. resigned.
Pacific Coast pensions were Issued • to
day as follows: •
California: Original— John S. Mabie,
Colton, $8. Increase — William L. Johnson,
Los Angeles, J8. War with Spain—Origi
nal — Daniel Brown, San Francisco, j $8.
' Oregon: Original— William H. Rawlings,
Cottage Grove, $8; Joseph Lent, Cot
trell, $6. "• - • : ¦ .¦ ' '
Washington : Original— Robert S. Thomp
aon, Catlin, $8. --. , _ - ;^
In army orders Captain*' Thomas ¦ W.
Darrah, commissary, now at San Fran
clsco, Is directed to report In person to the
commissary general at Washington for
duty.
Changes in. Western. States and
New Pensions Are Granted.
PostofS.ce Department -Announces
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Spec'.al Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1901, by the Herald Pub
lishing Company.
BERLIN, May 3.— The great smash-up
in the Prussian Ministry has come, and
to-day is a critical day of the first order.
Simultaneously with the ,p losing, of the •
session of the Prussian Diet three Min
isters friendly to the Agrarians — Dr. von
Miquel, Minister of Finance; Baron von
Hammersteln-Lexten, Minister of- Agri
culture, and Herr Brefeld, Minister of
Commerce — handed in their resignations.
This means that the Kaiser and Count
von Bulow have declared war on the
Agrarian party. According to the Vos
sische Zeitung, this is directly due to the
initiative of the Kaiser. That journal as
serts that the Prussian Ministry in Its se
cret meeting yesterday received a com
mand from the Kaiser to accept the con
sequences of the new situation his Maj
esty had crea/ed.
Dr. von Miauel, in / leaving the .offlce,
has fired a poisoned arrow at the Impe
rial Chancellor. His friends are spread
ing a report that at the last Council of
Ministers the Minister of Finance advo
cated the dissolution of the Prussian Diet.
Count von Bulow, however, combated
this suggestion in view of the present sit
uation of foreign politics, as Germany,
"en account, of unfortunate China busi
ness, runs a danger_of becoming isolated."
This alleged utterance of the Imperial
Chancellor, which is obviously an inven
tion, is being spread about in order to in
jure Count von Bulow with the Emperor.
The successors of the retiring Ministers
are not yet known. The names of Baron
von Rheinbaben, Prussian Minister of the
Interior, and Count Posadowsky-Wehner,
Imperial Secretary of State for the Inte
rtor, are put forward as successors to Dr.
von Miquel. General von Podbielskl Is
spoken of as the new Minister of Agri
culture. For the Ministry of the Interior,
two names are mentioned— Herr Better,
Governor of Posen, or Herr von Manteuf
fel, leader of the, Conservative party.
A rousing cheer was given on theBerlin
Bourse when the news of Dr. von Miquel's
resignation arrived. The Berlin press de
votes "long articles to Dr. von Miquel.
Even his adversaries admit the impor
tance of his reform of taxation in Prus
sia.
The Lokal Anzelger says: "Dr. von Mi
quel was one of the greatest Ministers
that the kingdom of Prussia ever had.
He was always a protectionist."
The Berliner Tageblatt says: "The re
tiring Minister is a man of talent, but he
did not possess strength of character."
The Prussian Diet met jointly at 6:30
p. m., and the Chancellor read a royal
message declaring the Diet closed. Count
von Bulow then said:
"As the Government is convinced, in
view of the- course taken In committee,
that an agreement on the canal bill is at
present out of the question it does -not
wish to offer any aid in a continuance of
fruitless discussions."
Then, with three cheers for the Empe
ror, the sitting was ended. All the Min
isters, ¦ including Dr. von Miquel, were
present. . "
Excitement in Germany Over
the Sensational Devel- .
opments.
Resignation of .Three
Ministers of Prus
. sian Diet.
KAISER AT WAR
WITH AGRARIANS
Constitution Ready to Launch.
BRISTOL.. R. I.. May 3.— The finishing
touches are being placed on the Constitu
tion and the launching will probably occur
at about 9 o'clock Monday morning.
Bulgarian Revolt Anniversary.
PHILIPPOPOLIS, May 3.— To-day is
the twenty-fifth anniversary of the Bul
garian revolt against Turkey. It has been
marked by unusual rejoicing here. In
which Prince Ferdinand and Bulgarian
Ministers and prelates took part.
A sudden storm sprang up, there was
a panic, the pontoons were swamped and
only a few of those on the ferry - were
saved by a boat. Three persons clung to
a horse which swam ashore. Practically
every family in the' village was rendered
motherless by the disaster.
LONDON. May 3.— A special .dispatch
from Odessa, dated April 26, purports to
give an eye-witness story of the recent
ferry-boat disaster on the river Dnieper,
near Katchkarovka, when almost a hun
dred mothers, with their babies, returning
from the evening milking, were drowned.
Tells of Terrible Scenes in a
Storm.
Eye-Witness of the River Disaster
MOTHERS AND CHILDREN,
THE DNIEPER'S VICTIMS
For several months Gillette has been su
perintendent or 1 the Dr. Flower mines,
near Chihuahua. Dr. Flower is the noted
mine promoter, who is accused of pro
curing several millions of dollars by sell
ing worthless mining stock to New York
ers. He went to Mexico and became ac
quainted with Gillette, subsequently em
ploying the cattle king as mine superin
tendent. It was while attending to his
duties to-day that Gillette lost his footing
and fell into the shaft, sustaining injuries
that are deemed serious but not neces
sarily fatal.
EL PASO, Tex., May 3.— A telegram
from Chihuahua, Mexico, this afternoon
states that Grant G. Gillette, the former
noted Kansas cattle king, met with a se
rlous accident near there to-day by falling
into a mine shaft.
Reported to Be Seriously In
jured in Mexico.
Grant Gillette, Celebrated in Kansas,
CATTLE KTNG FALLS
LNTO A IdlNE SHAFT
Major General Mac Arthur has strongly
recommended that Colonels Blrkheimer
and Murra^ be promoted to the prade of
brigadier general of volunteers. Officers
who have seen active service in Cuba and
the Philippines say it would be only just
on the part of the President to recognize
the service performed by Quartermaster
General Ludington in appointing him a
major general of volunteers, and Colonel
Thomas Ward, assistant adjutant gen
eral, brigadier general of volunteers. Both
of these officers were indefatigable dur
ing the war with Spain and the rebellion
in the Philippines,* one in equipping and
transporting troops and the other In con
nection with the raising of the regular
and volunteer armies.
WASHINGTON, May 3. — Secretary
Root will recommend to the President
that he formally recognize the excellent
work done by officers of the army by ap
pointing them brigadier generals of volun
teers. As the volunteer army will be
mustered out on June 30 these appoint
ments will be only honorary.
nizing 1 the Work Done by Vol
unteer Commanders.
Secretary of War Believes in Recog-
WTLI. REC03OLEJTD ( S0N0RS
FOB ABONLY OFFICERS
Chicago Plunger Phillips
Causes Reign of
Terror.
»
Traders Frantic During Re
. markable Fluctuations
in Prices.
PANIC RULES
CORN MARKET
CHICAGO, May 3.— A panic, the first
real one since Philllos cornered the mar
ket, occurred among shorts in May corn
on the Board of Trade to-day. Pric«
fluctuations were the most violent in
years.
Having seen their losses grow heavier
and heavier with eaoli succeeding day for
some time traders who had guaranteed
to deliver May corn to Phillips mado
frantic efforts to get it The price went
from E5c to 58c. 4Vfce higher than yester
day's close. In a few minutes after the
tession began. Shorts surrounded the bull
leader and almost begged for corn. He
was repeatedly called from the pit by
men who wanted to settle privately, but
he told them they had disregarded his
offer to sell to them at 48c and now they
would have to bid In the open market to
him. When reminded that he himself and
the "open market" were synonymous
Phillips smiled.
Fcr an hour shorts bid 5Sc or close to
It. Then Phillips let out 600,000 bushels
at prices ranging between E>7c and 5Sc.
He said it was only a drop in the bucket
compared with the quantity still held by
him. but It netted him a profit of about
$100,000. or approximately 17c per bushel.
This action created intense excitement.
It was thought for a moment that the buil
chief was about to unload and the market
broke to 53c without a check. The drop
disposed of a number of scalping longs
who had 'been clinging to Phillips' specu
lative coattails. Under 5Sc, however.
Phillips sold nothing. In consequence
prices reacted sharply to 5<%c, when trad
ers realized that the end of the corner
was by no means at hand.
In the New York Market.
NEW YORK. Mav 3.— The effect of
drawing in credits on an over-extended
speculation was shown by a slump in the
stock market this afternoon. In the effort
to liquidate prices broke violently
throughout the list Tvith the largest effect
naturally in those atocks in which the
mad rSush to buy has been centered for
the last few days. As the last candidate
for this kind of favor Atchison led the
van. . ,
During this morning there was a hal
cyon prospect of indefinite prices in this
stock. The way in which Atchison and
other stocks mounted skyward relieved
the apprehension remaining from the
rather reactionary tendency of yester
dav's- market and confidence came back
to the speculators that the flurry was over
and it was time to renew the tactics of
buv buv. buy. In consequence such new
prices were made this morning as 90% for
Atchison, 182% for St. Paul 114%. for Bal
timore and Ohio. 115 for Missouri Pacific,
the same for Northern Pacific. 163% for
Rock Island and so on for other active
and prominent stocks.
Then began calling of loans and those
who had been using every dollar of credit
thev could command to buy stocks on
margin began to grow exceedingly un
eaey As prices melted away their nerv
ousness grew to alarm and they began
to "order stocks sold in a hurry. The new
demand had relaxed, as the reaction be
gan to give promise that buyers might get
much lower prices. The professional bears
lent potential aid to the downward move-
Exchange Greatly Excited.
On the floor of the exchange there was
preat excitement and brokers, fagged and
nervous with the leng strain of the great
bull market, found themselves in the
midst of a new form of excitement. Any
willing to buy stocks were almost torn to
pieces, where a few hours before all the
pressure was on the seller.
As for the outside speculators there were
not enough messengers available and the
telephone service was Inadequate for a
time to get their selling orders to the ex-
C The proportions of the slump are indi
cated bv the following principal declines:
Atchison &%: St. Paul, 9%: Rock Island.
8*8- Northern Pacific. 8; Baltimore and
Ohio, 714; Union Pacific. 7%; Missouri Pa-
Sfle Bft: New York Central, 6: Illinois
Central. 5; Wabash preferred, 5%: Sugar.
4: Atchison preferred, 4; Kansas and
Texas preferred, 4%, and practically all
other stocks between 1 to 4 points.
A rebound which followed was almost
equally violent. The bears had been so
long without any opportunity for profits
In the recent market that their eagerness
to cover and take quick profits at the de
clines caused some frantic buying. The
rally reached 4% in Union Pacific, 4^ each
in Atchison and St. Paul, 4 in Baltimore
end Ohio and Northern Pacific, 3% in
Hock Island. 3% in Missouri Pacific. 3 in
Manhattan and from 1 to 3 points in many
other Ftocks. The excitement abated con
siderably after the rally, but prices wav
ered in an uncertain manner, declining in
Rome cases agrain to within a fraction of
the lowest. The tone continued very fev
erish until the close.
To-day's dealings in the exchange were
Fpcond in magnitude only to Tuesday last
•when more than 3.514.000 shares changed
hands. To-day's sales were 2,936,000 shares.
SULTAN WILL HOW PAY
BILIi OF SHIPBUTLDERS
Tirm of the Cramps Is Soon to Re
ceive One Hundred Thousand
Pounds.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Monday. April 29.
—It has been arranged that the Imperial
Ottoman Bank shall pay the Cramps
£100.00C as a first installment, and pay an
amount, not specified, to the Krupps, from
a 6 per cent sur tax on the general taxa
tion of the empire.
Simultaneously with this announcement
the Turkish officials have revived the o\d
Btory that the Cramps payment includes
the tnited States Armenian claims.
Admiral Cromwell Takes Charge.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— Rear Admiral
Cromwell has Informed the Navy Depart
ment in a telegram from Montevideo that
he assumed command of the South Atlan
tic squadron to-day, succeeding Rear Ad
miral Schley, relieved. The tatter will pro
ceed to the United States.
"We believe that there is a growing rec
ognition of the fact that, instead of be
ing a social advance, woman suffrage is
is part and parcel of that great retrogade
movement which seeks to destroy the or
derly organization of society and reduce it
to the absolute individualism which char
acterizes only the lowest form of social
life."
"If women would use as much intelli
gence and energy as participation In leg
islation would require In teaching their
children, boys and girls alike, in a broad,
liberal way the great principles of tem
perance and chastity, they would do more
In a generation toward eradicating the
evils of intemperance and impurity than
they could do by a century of voting. If
in the same way they would inculcate
and everywhere stand for the principles
of justice and unselfishness and a true
regard for the rights of others in social,
commercial and' political relations, tiiey
could do more toward reforming these
conditions of society which breed anar
chism and are the despair of the practi
cal politician than they could ever do
through legislative action. There is much
evidence- that it Is to these aims that
thoughtful and philanthropic women are
directing their attention rather than to
suffrage. -'.- .' • • ¦'.: V;
"Everywhere there seems to be a grow
ing conviction that the best work of
jvomen lies along the lines of moral influ
ence and unselfish endeavor, in a realm
¦where the 'Golden Rule' is 'not read back
ward/ and that the lowering of this high
Ideal to the plane of expediency, truck
ling and bargaining, which the admission
of all classes of men to the ballot often
makes necessary in politics, would be a
distinct calamity to women themselves
and to society at large.
CHICAGO. May 3.— The Illinois Associa
tion, opposed to the extension of suffrage
to women, to-day issued its semi-annual
report of the progress of the work. After
giving the results of the legislative action
in the Middle West in regard to woman
suffrage during the past winter the report
says:
Women Advised That the
Proper Place for Them
Is Home.
Association in Illinois
Makes a Severe
Report.
SHARP WORDS
FOR SUFFRAGE
LONDON, May 3.— The last-batch of ad
dresses - of condolence on ) the death of
Queen Victoria and congratulations on' his
accession to the throne was presented. to"
King. Edward this afternoon at St. , James'-
Palace' with the ; . customary ». ceremonlal/i
To-day's deputations . included ¦'Catholics, 1 '
Jews ¦. and , Presbyterians." The ' King' s i re-j
pliea were practically identical.^ He prom-*
¦iWM'^liiimiH <mnn»>mn n ¦ !<¦ mumimnltii ' i n r
OMAHA, May 3.— The fast mall carried
by the. Union Pacific made a record burst
of speed to-day in traversing the State of
Nebraska, covering - 153 miles, between
Grand Island arid Council Bluffs," in 150
minutes. The weather/ conditions , were
perfect and the previous mark was cut
ten minutes. The train did not encumber
itself with passengers, giving Its sole at
tention to getting the mail sacks into the
Council Bluffs depot on schedule time, "i
The train left Grand Island behind the
huge locomotive No. 1800. the veteran Mike
Decker at the throttle. The departure had
been \ delayed, and to make good i the loss
the great drive wheels were soon covering
sixty miles an hour. At .North Bend the
speed had reached the seventy-mile mark,
and for some time • afterward- covered
eighty miles of prairie an hour. This per
formance was repeated. between Elkhorn
and Millard, and the train drew into the
Omaha station at 5:40 p. m.. Five minutes
later it was In the transfer station at
Council Bluffs, having made as ; rapid a
long distance, run as any train ever ac
complished. ! T. VT '•'¦ "
Ed-ward Receives Condolences;
Mail Is Carried in the State of . Ne-
braska at Eighty Miles an
Hour.
In districts where irrigation has been
the only means of bringing moisture to
the fields the serious problem now is how
to keep the water out, and reports of
broken ditch embankments and flooded
farm lands are numerous. In Salt Lake
the precipitation amounts to nearly three
and a half inches, and entire blocks in the
low-lying southern and western portions
of the city are flooded. No-. serious dam
age Is expected to result, however. .The
storm, if is believed, will result in almost
incalculable benefit to the entire region
affected. :/. ;*; - v . ,
VNZO1T PACTFIC TEAIN
BREAKS SPEED RECORD
SALT LAKE, Utah, May 3.— For over
thlrty-slx hours' almost the entire -Rocky
Mountain and intermountain regions have
been soaked by a rainfall that in many
places has gone far beyond all recorded
storms. The miles of wastes forming the
deserts of Utah, Southern Nevada and
Northern Arizona and New Mexico have
received a drenching- the like of which has
never been known. "Wast© places that
have been dried up for years are filled
with water, streams that have almost en
tirely dried up in the past years of
drought are now raging torrents and low
lying farm and grazing lands are covered
with water.
N"evada, Arizona and New Mex
ico Floods Arid Tracts. ¦
WATER IS POTTRING l^~
%f ' itTPpiT DESERT WASTES
Extraordinary . Rainfall in Utah,
There is some talk, however, of a pos
sible recognition by the controlling pow
ers of the great minority interest that has
NEW YORK, May 3.— The Commercial^
Advertiser says: There is good reason to
believe that E. H. Harriman will continue
In control of the Union Pacific Railroad.
The purchases of Union Pacific shares by
outside parties, although very large, It is
asserted, fell considerably short of a ma
jority and Harriman and Gould have po
strengthened their hold on the property
within the past few days that a continu
ance of the present management is prac-,
tically assured.
Friends of Mr. Harriman are confident
to-day in their assertions that Union Pa
cific control still rests with the Harriman
syndicate.
been concentrated in the recent pensation
al movement of the Union Pacific stock.
Sto.ck ., Exchange operators say' that the
heavy demand for Southern Pacific shares
which-, has accompanied the demand, for
Union Pacific was accomplished by : ef
forts of a large Southern Pacific minority
interest to regain possession of that sys
tem . in the event of the Union Pacific
changing hands.
The last named company holds but $75,
000,000 of the Southern Pacific stock out of
the issue of $200,000,000. Some of the old
time stockholders of the, Southern and
Central Pacific -systems are anxious to
have the Independence of the property, re
established. It is believed that the out
side . demand 1 for, Southern Pacific shares
within the past few days impelled the
Harriman-Gould interests -to add materi
ally to their holdings of that stock.
ised to unremittingly- promote the enjoy
ment and blessings- of- religious liberty,
tolerance, peace and good will among all
classes and religious sects. ; •:/
Theatrical Company Detained.
ST. PAUL, May 3.— Dr. G. A- Renz, as
sistant Health Commissioner, with a cor
don of health ,: officers, surrounded the
Northern Pacific coast train when it rolled
Into' the Union depot this afternoon and
detained : all the members of , the "Tele
phone Girl" Company, who were passen
gers on the train from Butte. The party
were turned back into the car. One of the
young women of the company is detained
at Butte with a supposed case of-small
pox. ' '. • r . ' , ¦
Japan's Acting Premier Named.
YOKOHAMA, May 3.— Marquis Saiouji
has been appointed actine Premier. 'All
the old Ministers have resigned, with the
exception of the Minister of Finance, Vis
count Watanabe, who remains firm.
Syndicate I> Compelled to Add to Its-Holdings in Southern
Pacific Shares Owing to the Outside -Demand.
HARRIMAN TO CONTINUE CONTROL
OF THE UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD
George Lask, Rhys Thomas and TV. H.
Fitzgerald after hearing the opera were
enthusiastic over it. They say that it
should meet with success.
MRS. ABBIE . GERRISH JONES,
COMPOSER OP THE OPERA
"PRISCILLA."
opera. Is in four acts .and abounds
in beautiful lyrics and music. Com
petent critics claim that the opera is
worthy of production by a first-class
opera company. It is the result of two
vears' work. The composer is at present
having it orchestrated.
A SAN FRANCISCO woman hats
written an opera, and so far as
the records show she is ,the only
woman who has accomplished
• the feat. Women have written
oratorios, songs and operettas, but until
Mrs. Abbie Gerrish Jones of this city
completed her twelfth opus no opera had
been chronicled as the entire work of a
woman.
Mrs. Jones is the musical critic of Town
Talk and has also published some charm
ing verse. She is a finished pianist and
organist and Is also well grounded in
vocal music.
"Prlscilla," which is the title^of th©
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 4, 1901.
NEW OPERA COMPOSED
BY TALENTED WOMAN
"Priscilla," by Mrs; Abbie Gerrish Jones,
Is Pronounced by Musical Critics to
Be a Gem, Both as tcr Score and Libretto
7
AUUSEMENTa.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. May «.
Parquet, 23c, any seat: Balcony, 10c; Children
10c. any part except reserved.
THS ACME OF UP-TO-DATE VAUDEVILL]
THE GREAT
AGOUST FAMILY.
Mclntyre and Heath.
BARNES AND SISSON. ALJF GRANT
CLAYTON. JENKINS AND JASPER, *rr.T.re
ADELAIDE,
Last Week of THE GREAT GOLDIN.
The Blograph, among other views, shows
QUEEN VICTORIA'S
LAST PUBLIC APPEARANCE.
BE LAS CO *»° THJtLC8jferi$£
*i *^ max uiYttAii
MATINEE TEN
TO-DAY NIGHTS
AND TO-MORROW. IN A
SUNDAY. iv «-^
TO-NIGHT AND SUN- RAP
DAY EVENING. MJr\t\.
Last Performances, O f\ f"| A/\
The Great Success. UU ' !l «
PDirCt EVENINGS 10c. 13c, 2Sc, J5c, 60
I HJC CO MATINEES 10c. 15c. 23
1 Next Monday— ilagrnlflcent Revival of
"THE OCIOBOOfll."
The Big Production of the Season.
*T..IVJpLl*
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at 1
"AND STILL IT PACKS THE HOUSE."
THE
"hoot /nor*."
"THE TOT MAKER"— Next Production.
First. Time In Thla City.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50<
Telephone— Bush 9.
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE!
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP
MR. BARNfcSOF NEW YORE
Commencing MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Grand Scenic Production of a Romantic His
torfcal Play,
"SON OF NAPOLEON"
FLORENCE STONE as the DUKE OF REICH
STADT. •
JACK WEBSTER as MICHEL LAMBERT
PRICES— 10c, ,15c, 25c, 50c. A Few Seats 73c.
A Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra Saturda:
and Sunday Matinees 23c.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
. MATINEE TODAY AND SUNDAY.
THE CENTURY SUCCESS!
THE
CONQUERORS.
-Monday Night Only, Revival by Request,
"FRIENDS."
Tuesday Night and . Balance of Week,
"THE CONQUtRORS."
¦ -Prices— 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c ¦
RACING! FACING.! RACING!
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 23.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CCvUrt.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
-Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs.
' day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Ftve or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
. Ferry-boats leave San Frknclsco at 12 m. ant
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance . to th<
track. Last two cars on train reserved foi
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy youi
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenui
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and -Broadway. Oakland. These electric can
: go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave th« track at 4:15 anc
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. -
baseball;
SACBAHENT07s OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3:15 P. M. .
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M. -
RECREATION PARK,
'Eighth and Harrison • streets. ., ¦ r^\
T7TQrHI7R»Q X CONCERT HOUSE.
rlDlsnJUn O Admission 10c.
,O -S. Wanrell. La Mont Juvenile Co.; May
belle Bowman. Golden West Comedy Trto,.Gu»
Leonard, Thatcher and Chenoweth and. Paras
kova Sandolln." '
*. Reserved seats, 25c, Matineo Sunday.
I - Blue Flame I
H It will do any cooking that can be done on any a
i kind of a stove. v It is clean, quick, convenient, and U
j cool for the cook. It uses the cheapest fuel — ker- a
I osene— but without wicks and without the least fj
I danger or odor. .It does better cooking than a coal fj
I r range, with the convenience of a |
| ~_ j a'fe gas range, at a fraction of the cost M
tXK\ I IP
ffn^J* JLorii JL*tf ?*tv[
SHIRT Jv£&V
KHAKI W
J. F. J. ArcMMa y la
V Correspondent •¦¦
A Comparison
of the trait-, personnel, strategy.
¦' tactics, discipline, commissariat,
transportation, etc., of the
.British and American * rmles
Fublishsd April 30.
Handsomely illustrate!.
275 pp. $1.50.
Silver, Burdett & Company
New York Boston Chicago
BS^jjy^SlF^^ eiUr SHAPE
HOTEL**
Visitors to £;a.n Francisco who xnaJco
their headauarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts' and' conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequal ed
cuisine. American and European plans.
»*GRAND~HOTEL«»
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
; GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
AMUSEMKJTS..-
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
AND THE NETLIi COMPANY.
"a bachflor"v romance."
Durinsr the NEILL Engagement SPECIAL I
BARGAIN MATINEES-THURSDAYS- I
PRICES. 25c and 50c. |
EVENINGS 23c. 35c, 50c. 75c. $1.00
SATURDAY MATINEE.:......: 25c. 50c. 75c
TO-MORROW NIGHT— Ausustln Daly's fine
comedy success. "THE LOTTERY OF LOVE."
In Preparation..^. -"BARBARA FRIETCHIE"
£*€%, R 3 1 Ui S R A rauicisco's
V V an U i¥i@_i It' LEADING THEATRE
REOPENING NLXT MONDAY.
FIRST ..TIME HERE OF
rJvvV THE'G.REAT SUCCESS,
C A i^ James A. Berce's
fcj/^VJ -New Flay,
Alan Dale said— " 'Sag Harbor" is delightful."
Chicago Times-Herald— "Greater than 'Shore
'./ ' . SEAT; SALE NOW GOING -ON. -
CHUTES^™- ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
Bf^ Cakewalk
And -Ringside ; Pictures -of the
Gans-McHovern Fight. ;
"f Coninieac]ng:lo-S[orrow—
PORREST -SEABURY,
¦ - .: The -World's': Champion High *Diver. :'
r • • ": " Telephone - for • Seats— Park ; 21 ¦
By LUCY CLEAVER McELROY
i No book of recent years has aroused more interest inadvance of
publication than this Kentucky story. Mrs. McElroy takes ui into _
the "Pennyrile" district, a region never before invaded by novelists.
\ She knows her country; she knows her people, and she depicts them
with a sure and photographic touch. The story is fresh,* absorbingly
interesting and strikingly original, both in style and motive."
! With 17 illustrations by W. E. Mears, $1.50
: For sale by all booksellers, or sent postpaid on receipt of price. . |
THOMAS Y. CROWELL & CO;, 426^428 West Broadway/ Hew York' I
ADVERTISEMENTS.Ellen. "
The annual excursion and picnic of the
congregation of St. Dominic's Church
will take place at Glen Ellen on Thursday,
May 23. There .will.be games and races
of all descriptions, for which valuable
prizes will be offered. The parishioner?
are looking forward to a splendid day's
enjoyment, and it is expected that at least
2500 peple. will attend. Following are the
committees having the affair in charge: .
Committee of arrangements— J. B. Mclntyre,
chairman: George M. Kelly, secretary; Rev.
Father Clancy, O. P., treasurer.
Transportation committee— P. J. McKeon. E.
Kenny. W. H. Langdon, George M. Kelly, Will
O'Connor. • ¦ ¦ •
Music committee— George Olsen, Dennis Ken
ny. William Barry. . <
Printing and advertising committee— John
Murray. FV Adams, James Bain.
Press committee — E. J. Dollard, Chester
Keojjh. William R. O'Neill. J. Doherty, J. P.
Sheerin. -
Committee on games— Daniel Sheerin, E. Ken
ny, P. McKeon. William R. O'Neill, William
Barry, F. Adams, James P. Sheerin.
Floor committee — A. J. Street (floor manager),
G«org« P. Feeley (assistant floor manager),
Georgo M. Kelly, Thomas Dugan, James Bain,
William J. O'Connor. E. R. Myrick. Jamea
B.. Coffey, Dennis. Kenny, George J. Olsen, A.
O'Connor, W. H. Langdon.
Reception committee— George S. Olsen. Rlch-
ST. DOMINIC'S PARISH
PLANS FINE EXCURSION
Members of Congregation Will Hold
Their Annual Outing at Glen
The same committee waited on the
Grand Jury to induce that body to expend
a balance of $500 remaining to its credit
for the purpose of investigating the finan
cial affairs of the ' various departments.
The request was taken under advisement.
demands, and will make a tabulated state
ment showing the amount expended in
salaries as against that spent for labor,
material and contract work.
A carload of grape fruit donated by the
fruit growers of Portervllle will be dis
tributed to-day among the hospitals, or
phan asylums and charitable institutions
of this city. The grape fruit was shipped
to • W. R. Camp, secretary of the Asso
ciated Charities, by Richard Brady, a
Portervllle banker, who acted as the
agent of the fruit growers. The Southern
Pacific Company hauled it without charge.
Generous Donation of Grape Fruit.
Justice of the Peace -Dunn gave Judg
ment yesterday for Nat Raphael In the
suit brought by Colonel H. I. Kowalsky
for the recovery of "$299 99. Kowalsky tes
tified that he had compromised a debt of
$500, consisting of six promissory notes,
with Raphael," but one of the notes had
been assigned to the California. Jewelery
Company by Raphael without hi3 knowl
edge and Judgment was secured against
Wm for $215.
Kowalsky Loses His Case.
ard O'Connor, E. J. Gallagher, J. A. Stulz. S.
P. Taylor. Simon Hicks. Frank Snead. P. J.
O Brien. P. McErlan. Captain John Murphy,
"W. H. Vincent, Joseph Sheehan. J. McKInnon,
Frank Hart, M. J. Hart. John Moriarty. John
Murphy, James SIcJIanus, William Leach,
James McAullffe, Alexander McKay, Joseph
ilyan. P. J. Dee^an. Joseph Hartery. Maurice
HIgElns, James Laughrcn, Thomas Crawford,
Thomas . Moore. J. Cabossel. J. Hurley, Dr.
F. X. Sullivan, J.. J. Donovan, John Maginls.
James Cfiflin, Maurice Casey. John Walsh
Louis Jlylngton, M. J. Dolan, Alfred Kelly Dr
J. F. Gibbons. J. P. Kirk. C. J. Haeerty. Dr.
T. F. Shumate. James P. Sweeney, E. R
Myrlclc, Thomas O'Brien. A. Gibbons. James
McLean, P. j. Torm*}\ Dick P. O'Connor, R.
C. O'Connor. John E. O'Connor, V. Mahegan,
M. Farrell, John Kenny, A. Devoto, A. Sturla
John Curry. J. Devery. J. Purcell. H. J. Mc-
Glnnls. T. B. McGinnts. M. O'Connor. Charles
O'Connor, William O'Connor. J. B. Carson, jil.
Measles, Joseph Meagles, M. c. Hassett, E.
R. Rock. B. J. Gallagher, C. N. Walsh. Gus
White, James White, A. White. P. Daley.
James J. Brady, Joseph Brady. Mathew
Brady, Thomas Brady. Dr. Franklin Palmer,
J. B. Ca*serly. Andrew Purceli. E. A. Dout
hltt, William Douthitt, Victor Hancock. Wil
liam H. Shea, P. Frazier, Daniel Sheerin Jr
Thomas Sheerin. Dennis Sheerin, Joseph Sheer-
In, Frank I*. Sheertn:
GRADUATES OF UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA RECOMMENDED
FiOR THE HIGHEST DEGREE.
Contests Her Brother's Will.
Ellen Nolan filed a contest yesterday to
the will of her late brother, Edward T.
I>onnelly. who died April 11, 1300, leaving
an estate of considerable value, which he
bcQueathed In equal shares to his widow,
Katie F. Donnelly; his nephew, Patrick
T Donnelly, and his cousin, Margaret
I ouise Donnelly. The contestant alleges
that at the time the. will was executed the
deceased was of unsound mind and also
under the Influence of his cousin, Marga
ret Irfwise Donnelly.
The second annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francesco was held yesterday, and
the number of directors was Increased
from eleven to fifteen. An annual state
ment was made of the resources and lia
bilities. The resources embrace $298,890 55
In Government bonds, $1,374,857 72 in loans
on collaterals, $145.S59 C9 for site for com
pany's office. $783,083 87 cash in bank and
on hand and smaller items, making up a
total of resources amounting to $2 603 -
fM S3. The liabilities, including $500,000 in
capital paid In. are $2,025,732 10 due depos
itors and $78,162 73 profit and loss. The
second call of 50 per cent on the capital
stock Is now being paid In.
The following named were elected di
rectors: William Babcock. Wakefleld
Baker. Warren D. Clark. George Crocker
W. F. Detert. F. G. Drum, M. H. Herht
E. W. Hopkins, W. G. Irwin. D. O. Mills'
James D. Phelan. N. D. RIdeout, Henry
T Scott. Claus Spreckels and Frederick
W. Zeile. The officers are: Frederick W
Zeile. president; N. D. Rideout, vice presi
dent: John D. McKee. secretary and
cashier.
MERCANTILE TRUST
ELECTS NEW OFFICERS
Stockholders Decide to Increase the
Number of Directors to
Fifteen.
Must Pay for the Suit.
Abe and Joseph Isaacs appeared jjefore
Judge Hunt yesterday to defend an action
Instituted against them by J. A. EJchorn
to recover $55 for a suit of -clothes which
Abe ordered for Joseph to wear to a wed
ding. .Joseph said ¦ that as Abe ¦ ordered
the suit and also owed him money he
should pay it. After argument a non-suit
in Abe's favor was entered by the court,
as Joseph admitted that he wore the suit
and still had It in his possession. Judge
Hunt then ordered Joseph to pay for the
cult and entered judgment against him
for the amount named. The defendants
In the action conduct a Kearny-street
pawnshop. 'i : * ¦
Supervisors' Finance Committee Hears
Petitions of Various Municipal De
partments for Appropriations.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
listened to the application of Registrar
Walsh yesterday for the sum of 595,000 for
election purposes next fiscal year. Walsh
explained that $7500 of that amount would
be expended in the event of holding bond
elections and SS7.500 will be required for
the primary election on August 13 and the
municipal election on November 6..
E. K. Taylor and Colin M. Boyd. Public
Library Trustees, pleaded for an appro
priation of $10,000 for a branch library
building- to be erected on an engine lot on
Sacramento street, between Webster and
Fillmore.
Assessor Dodge asked for- $10,000 for a
new set of block books, the present'books
having been in use for fifteen years.'
Supervisor Wilson urged that $3000 Ibe set
aside for the interment of United States
soldiers.
S1ILL FIGURING ON^
THE NEXT TAX BUDGET
rf-^v ERKELEY, May 3.-Frank El-
L^J more Ross and Russell Tracy
C^ Crawford, graduate students of
J/ the University of California,
passed their final examinations
this afternoon for degrees of doctor of
philosophy. The committees in charge wil.
recommend that the degrees be conferred
U The examinations were held In room
No. ¦ 1 of the philosophy building, i ¦ ney
were oral and lasted about two noura
each. The candidates were Questioned _oy
different members of the committees upon
theses they had submitted P re^ lous {X' «.ii
was through the defense of these theses
that the examiners 'l'=term!ned the mnest
of the candidates for the hfghest degree
the university can <:onfer. ..-..-..---tial
Mr. Ross* thesis was on "Differential
Equations Belonging to a Ternary
arold Group," and Mr. Crawford is i on a
Determination of the Constant of «.eirac
tion.From Observations With the Merid
ian Circle at the Lick Observatory.
Ross was questioned by a _ committee
consisting of Professor Irving Stringham.
Associate Professor Armin O. Leuschner,
Professor Frederick Slate. Dr. E. J. Wl
czynski. Director W. W. Campbell and
Associate Professor M. W. Kaskell. ine
committee in charge of Crawford Is exam
ination was composed of the following
named: Associate Professor A. O. Leusch
ner. Director W. W. Campbell. P r0 ' e^
Irving Strinsham, Professor Frederick
Slate, Astronomer R. H. Tucker and As
sociate Professor M. W. Haskell. _ £¦;
Immediately after the close of the ex
aminations the scientific degree commit
tee of the graduate council met ana
passed resolutions recommending --to tne
graduate council that the degrees be con
ferred on the candidates. The graduate
council will recommend to the faculty of
the college of natural sciences that the
degrees be granted and the faculty in
turn will submit the recommendation to
the Regents. The last named body will
confer the degrees. .
Crawford graduated from the universitj
in 1897. receiving the degree of B. S. Ross
graduated in 1896, receiving the same de
gree.
LAWYER'S MOVE AGAINST
CHARLES L. FAIR'S CASE
Seek to Force Trial of His Contest,
but His Counsel Will
Object.
With; the object ¦ in " view of ...clearing
away the many actions that cloud the
titles to the properties of the late James
G. Fair and placing the estate in a condi
tion for settlement, Attorneys William M.
Pierson. George E. Crothers and Garret
\V. McEnerney. representing the ex
ecutors of decedent's will, yesterday no
tified Knight & Hegrgerty. Bishop &
Wheeler and Wilson & Wilson that on
May 15 they would be ready to proceed
with the trial of Charles It Fair's con
test to the will. The object of this notifi
cation, in the opinion of Attorney Heg
gerty, is to get this contest out of the
way. but Mr. Heggerty said that inas
much as the case has been continued with
the consent of all parties for over two
years he did not now propose to be rushed
to trial or other action in the matter. He
stated further, however, that if no action
was taken by the attorneys representing
the executors to secure a further hearing
on the validity of the trust clause of the
will, just declared invalid, or if a motion
for a rehearing was denied, the contest in
stituted by Charles L. Fair would be dis
missed, for under the recent decision of
the Supreme Court he will come Into pos
session of almost as much property as
though the will was declared invalid.
Wl^Ii EXPERT ACCOUNTS
• . OF BUREAU OF STREETS
Expert Elliott Will Ascertain if
More Money Is Spent for Salaries
Than Improvements.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs yesterday selected Fred A. Elliott to
expert the accounts of the Bureau of
Streets, with a view to determining If the
salary roll of that department is in excess
of the amount represented by the repairs
and Improvements to public streets. Au
ditor Wells has compiled figures to show
that salaries consume nearly twice as
much as the expenditures for repairs,
while the Board of Works produces fig
ures to show a contrary state of affairs.
Expert Elliott will decide the disputed
point after an exhaustive investigation.
A committee consisting of Max Popper,
M. Houndey and A. S. Lillie waited on Au
ditor Wells and were assured by that offi
cial that he would lend all necessary aid
to Elliott in the prosecution of the (work..
Elliott will . have access to the audited
Ella Wood Hancock has, dismissed the
action for maintenance instituted against
her husband, Robert J. Hancock, capital
ist and former captain of the Olympic
Club, and has substituted a suit for ab
solute divorce. In the divorce complaint
Mrs. Hancock reiterates the charges of
infidelity, cruelty and desertion set forth
in her pleadings in the maintenance case.
She names Mrs. Lei Westcott as co-re
spondent, and goes into a detailed histon,
of her husband's alleged escapades with
the woman named. Mrs. Hancock alleges
that her husband has been the companion
of Mrs.*\Vestcott from January 1. 1S07, up
to the present time, their present place or
residence, she avers, being at 1098 line
street. Continuing. Mrs. Hancock says
that in September. 1S». her husband
promised to "give up" Mrs. ¦Westcott 1 but
subsequently, notwithstanding his prom
ise, v, rote to her. concluding his letter by
saymg "hoping tha-. you are not too lone
some, sweetheart." and informing her
that he was "counting the time until he
could get back." r , a;_
Mrs. Westcott's brother-in-law, one
Donaldson. Mrs. Hancock avers, tried to
break up the friendship existing^bet-vyeen
Mrs. Westcott and Haneocii and 5«»T® r SJ
certain letters that had been written by
Mrs Westcott to the defendant. HancocK
admitted that the letters were his also
that he had been a fool. Mrs. Hancock al
leges, and that he promised to behave
himself, but again he broke his promise
On one occasion, Mrs. Hancock sa>s,
she met her husband coming out of the
house accompanied by Mrs. Westcott. He
<1id not have his overcoat on. and Mrs.
Hancock demanded of him that he re
turn and get the coat and go home w!tn
her. "Defendant refused." says Mrs. Han
cock, "and I went to the house and de
manded the return of the overcoat. Mrs.
Westcott. attired in a red wrapper, or
bath robe, came to the door and passed
the overcoat to me. Defendant then took
the ccat, ran away from me. mounted a
passing <?ar and did not then go home. Ail
of this conduct and these statements and
lies of defendant caused me great mental
anguish and suffering."
In conclusion Mrs. Hancock prays for a
decree of absolute divorce, the custody of
her little daughter. Elaine, the right to
the homestead at 928 Broderick street and
such portions of the community property
and defendant's separate estate as shall
be equitable and just. Upon the filing of
the complaint an order was issued re
straining the defendant from incumbering
his property during the pendency of the
action. The case has been assigned to
Judge Seawell for trial.
Tells a Long Story of His
Alleged Friendship for
Mrs. Westcott.
Capitalist's Wife Reit
erates Charges of
Infidelity.
SUES HANCOCK
FOR A DIVORCE
GRAND AERIE
PLANS READY
Committee on Entertain
ment Completes Its
Programme.
Grand Officers, Delegates and
Visitors Are Promised a
Good Time.
The general committee on entertain
ment which is handling 1 the amusement
and business end of the preparations for
receiving the Grand Aerie of the Frater
nal Order of Eagles, which will be held
here during the week commencing May
14, met yesterday afternoon at the head
quarters of the order in the Emma
Spreckels building and prepared the fol
lowing programme:
SUNDAY AND MONDAY. MAY 13^NT> 13.
Reception of grand officers and delegates to
Grand Aerie and visiting Eagles. The recep
tion committee will meet all trains at the
ferry building and at Third and Townsend
streets. The committee on transportation will
escort the grand officers, delegates and visit
ins Eagles to halls.
TUESDAY, MAY 14.
10 a. m.— The Grand Aerie will convene at
Pioneer Hall, Fourth street, between Market
and Mission.
2 p. m.— The Grand Aerie will convene at
Pioneer Hall. .
8 p. m. — General reception by San Francisco
Kaglea to grand officers, delegates and visiting
Eagles at Pioneer Hall. Refreshments and
literary exercises.
WEDNESDAY. MAY 15.
10 a. m.— The Grand Aerie will convene at
Pioneer Hall.
2 p. in.— The Grand Aerie will convene at
Pioneer Hall.
8 p. m.— The Grand Aerie will convene at
Pioneer Hall.
THITRSDAY. MAY 18.
10 a. m. — The Grand Aerie officer* and dale
gates will meet at Pioneer Hall for th» pur
pose of taking carriages for & drive to th»
park and Cliff, where lunch will be served at
12:30. The return Trill be made In timo to en
able the officers and delegates to attend th«
reception to be tendered to President McKinley
at' Native Sons' Hall at 3:30 p. m.
8 p. m.— The Grand Aerie will convene at
Pioneer Hall.
FRIDAY, MAY 17.
10 a. m.— The Grand Aerie will convene at
Pioneer Hall.
2 p. m.— The Grand Aerie will converts at
Pioneer Hall.
6:30 p. m. — Banquet tendered to grand officers
and delegates by the San Francisco Eagles at
the Palace Hotel.
SATURDAY, MAY IS.
.10:30 a. m. — Excursion on bay of San Fran
cisco. "Witness the launching of the battleship
Ohio.
SUNDAY, MAT ».
Grand outicsr and picnic of San Francisco
Aerie No. 5 at Schuetzen Park. San Rafael.
Boats leave the city at 10 and 11 a. m. and at
1 p. ra. Returning, leave Schuetzen Park at
4:30 and 6:15 p. m.
Held at JIarin County Resort
May 8.
GROCERS TO CELEBRATE
AT SCHTTETZEN- PARK
Annual Outing and Picnic "Will Ba
Ever since 1S71 the retail grocers have
done their celebrating on the second
Wednesday In May. This year grocers'
day comes on May 8. and the Retail Gro
cers' Association has almost completed Its
arrangements for the proper observance
of the day at Schuetzen Park.
"Grocers' day" is pre-eminently a fam
ily event. As much care and as many
prizes are set aside for the babies and the
women as for the grocers and the clerks,
and that is not a few.
This year there is to be over $4000
worth of prizes. These Include a silver
chafing dish set, a gold watch for the
clerks, a 550 cash gate prize and a list that
Is almost double what the association has
had to offer before.
There will be a distribution of candy for
the babies and fancy games and races,
together with target shooting, prize bowl
ing and dancing. Several special boats
will be run for the convenience of the
merrymakers.
Increase of License Collections.
Chief Deputy Tax Collector Morris Levy
says that the receipts for licenses during
April aggregated the sum of $55,910. belngf
the largest amount collected In any one
month since he has had charge of the of
fice. In April of last year the sum of $44,
694 -was collected. The contributing causes
of the increase are- the new licenses Im
posed on vehicles, which amounted to
$4000, and on bootblack stands, on which
1600 was collected. The San Francisco
Athletic Club also paid in $1200 for its an
nual license to hold boxing exhibitions.
ommend in Case of Tong Mey Yook.
Horors were about even yesterday with
TTr.itcd States District Attorney Wood
worth and the Chinese slave cases, one of
the girls being released, another recom
mended for deportation and the case of
another partly tried.
The first announcement made In the
mornlnpr by United States Court Commis
sioner Heacock was that he would recom
mend the deportation of Kong: Mey Took,
whose examination was held on the pre
ceding day.
The second case was that of Tseung Sai
Ho. who was defended by Henry C
Fehaertzer. who proved that his client was
not an Inmate of a disreputable hou=e
h"t the wife cf Dang Wooey, a tailor'
who also owned an interest In a store iii
Chinatown. She had been arrested just
after leaving a store in Sullivan alley
where she had been making some pur
chases. Mr. Schaertzer showed that
Tseung had been torn in this city and had
never been out of it. ' •
Judge Heacock recommended her dis
cbarge.
The third case was that of Tang Ah
Muey, a hairdresser, who was caught in
a den in Sullivan alley. Henry C. Dibble
was her attorney. He introduced evidence
to show that she was a "native of this
State and that she had gone to the dens
to dress the hair of the inmates
Tang testified that she was born in San
Jose 1n 1877 and went to China on the CKv
of Tokio in November, 1884, with her
parents, returning on the Peru on October
«. 1895. Shortly after her return she was
married to Chow Pong, who Is now dead
Sr" c l Pon P' 8 death she has lived on
Washington street with her chum, the
wife of Wong Fook. a gambler.
The case went over until this morning.
Commissioner Heacock Will So Rec-
TO DEPORT CHINESE SLAVE.
District Attorney Moves
Against Chinatown
Landlords.
Seeks to Enjoin Leasing j of
Houses for Illegal
Purposes.
> «¦
District Attorney Bylngton opened the
fight yesterday under the State l?.w to
close the slave dens of Chinatown. SlXty
five suits were instituted by the people or
the State on the relation of the District
Attomev to enjoin owners of premises in
Chinatown from letting their respective
properties to any person or persons for
illegal purposes, and to restrain the keep
ers of such places from carrying on or
maintaining tsueh establishments.
Twenty-six suits were instituted against
the eullivan Estate Company, whose
properties are in Sullivan and Baker al
leys- A number of actions join the crooks
ebiato as defendant, the properties of
wl.ich are in Sullivan and St. Louis alleys.
Other suits were instituted against tne
loiicwing property owners:
In Harriett ailey— Louise Barriolhet. G.
C de Sanchez. Lee Poon, Camillo Ja
quctle. David Devoto and P. Bordenaye.
In Spofford alley— J. B. Stampe. J. Buzille.
Zci'e Pciatan. F. Valadie and Ohee Jvunjf
'long. In Church alley— Li Quoiig. In
Kces, alley— I^ee Bo Sa, Ng Noon and Ho
Sl'ee On Dupont street— Julia Gall, Ar
thur" 11 and Paul T. Tournell. On
A\ cshir.ston street— Eliza J. Masson.
Tourneii C. Cavasnaro and Pauline Mar
tin. On Pacific street— Jaquette. In Cum
Cook alley— P. Marsicano. On Sacramento
Btrcel— Flora B. McDermott; also one in
Oneiua place. On jackson street— Henry
Yeoman.
The Homes of Chinese S>ives.
In the complaints District Attorney By
ingion alleges that the variuus streets and
alityt. named therein are open and pub
!ie - that the various premises are divided
into rooms ar.d apartments, and that
therein the keepers, who are joined as
deleiidants. have kept and maintained the
same for illegal purposes, and that for
years past the premises have been used
iiiid are now beins used by Chinese
vomea in violation of a State law.
The premises, Jt is further contended.
contrary to the statute of 1899, were and
are Itased by the defendants named with
tlie knowledge that they were to be used
for the purposes set forth. The property
owners named, the complaint continues,
are in constant receipt of rent from the
premises, with the knowledge that the
rnonevs so received for such rent are de
rived from the illegal earnings of Chinese
s!a\efc. and from time to time the dttend
anls have remodeled the premises to as
to better fit them for the unlawful pur
poses for v.-fcich they are now being: used.
1h<* rents derived from the premises, it is
set forth, are far greater than the rents
that could be derived from the letting of
the properties for any legitimate purpose
and far exceed a reasonable income there
from, considering their location and
value.
"Will Break Up Slave Traffic.
In conclusion it is averred that it is the
intention of the defendants to continue to
beep and maintain the premises set forth
and permit their use by Chinese women,
and that unless restrained by the court
the defendants will continue to keep and
maintain such premises, although they
constitute and are a public. nuisance.
Upon the tiling of the complaints tem
porary restraining: orders were issued by
Judge Dunne, and the cases were as
sipned to Judge llurasky's department for
trial.
District Attorney Byington said last
evening that he had been preparing for
seme time to move against the keepers of
the dens and the owners of the premises
In which they are situated. Associated
Tvitr- fc'm in the case is Attorney Andrew
.T. dun!**. The attorneys believe they
hsve crathcred sufficient evidence to war
rant the Issuance of an injunction in each
Mid every action instituted. If such ac
tirn follows it will go far toward break
ir.sr up the traffic !n Chinese slave women,
which is now flourishing, and force own
rr? of premises to let their properties for
lepal nnd legitimate purposes.
A corps of employes will be kept busy
to-day servine the owners of premises and
ncpupar.ts of the houses with the prelim
irary injunctions issued by the court. The
rcrcnrolQ to pool interests in defense of
the actions instituted will precede the
final battle in the courts.
SUES TO CLOSE
ALL SLAVE DENS
MEMORIAL DAY
PREPARATIONS
Committee Decides to
Cut Out Downtown
Parade.
Major General Shafter Is
Elected President of
the Day.
The general committee appointed to ar
range for the observance of- Memorial day
in San Francisco met at the Mayor's office
yesterday afternoon. Major General "Will
iam R. Shafter, chairman, announced the
appointment of the following committees:
Finance— Horace Wilson, W. W. Montague
and A. E. Cohn.
Programme— T. C. Masteller. J. C. Currier
and A. S. Hubbard.
Parade— H, P. Bush, Thomas F. O'Neil and
George Filmer.
Printing— S. W. Carpenter, Samuel W. Wood
and R. E. Dowdall.
Decoration and transportation— George T.
Johnson, George H. Wallis, George W. Chap
lin. J. S. French, P. Cuimnings and J. B.
Lauck.
After long discussion it was decided that
the parade should begin at the Union
street car line terminal. Presidio Reserva
tion, at 10:30 a. m. There were many ob
jections to a down-town parade, but Gen
eral Shafter remarked that he could as
sign two troops of cavalry and a light
battery to join the procession from the
center of town to the National Cemetery
if a city parade should be demanded. The
discussion was participated in by J. C.
Currier, Horace Wilson. H. P. Bush.
Thomas F. O'Neil. T. C. Masteller. S. W.
Carpenter and others. It seemed to be
the sentiment of the committee that soci
eties and organizations desiring to parade
in the city could do so on their own mo
tion and join the Grand Army column at
the Presidio. The committee adopted a
resolution extending an invitation to all
patriotic organizations.
General Shatter said the quartermaster
general of the army had been directed to
provide a suitable place in the National
Cemetery for holding public exercises. He
also remarked that he would see General
Oscar F. Long, depot quartermaster, and
ascertain if the stand could be constructed
in time for the exercises on May 30.
On motioi. of T. C. Masteller, General
Shatter was unanimously elected presi
dent of the day..
George H. Thomas Post.
Annual memorial exercises will be held
under the auspices of George H. Thomas
Post. G. A. R.,-at Golden Gate Hall.
Tuesday evening. May 7. Th4 memorial
address will be delivered by Colonel N. P.
Chipman. Throughout the ceremonies the
ritual provided by the Grand Army will
be observed to the letter. Comrades, their
families and friends are cordially invited
to be present.
THEY WILL OBGANIZE
FOR COMMON BENEFIT
Oil Companies in Jbresno and San
Benito Counties Plan to Form
Association.
A meeting was held last evening 'in the
Mills building to form an association to
represent the interests of the oil producers
in the districts heretofore known as Pa
noche, Vallecitos, Silver Creek, etc., all
being located in Fre3no and San Benito
counties. For the purpose of definitely
locating the properties of the companies
in that section, a motion offered by "W.
B. Simmons was adopted which conferred
en the new organization the name of the
Fresno-San Benito District Association.
The idea was to have the wells mentioned
hereafter as In the Fresno-San Benito dis
trict. A map wa3 exhibited which showed
how the several names which have been
applied to practically the same section
tend to cause confusion of geographical
ideas. A committee of three was appoint
ed to arrange for bringing the companies
concerned as oil producers In Fresno and
San Benito counties into the organization.
The committee consists of "W. B. Sim
mons. D. P. Hocking and J. B. Hoss.
Temporary organization was postponed
until another meeting. Dr. C. T. Deane
presided and B. L. Davis was the secre
tary.
Crushed. Under a Xioad of Lumber.
Edward E. Galvln, a lumber hand in the
employ of Hooper & Co., at Channel and
Fourth streets, received Injuries yester
day which may cause his death. Galvin
¦was hauling- a load of lumber on a truck,
when the entire load shifted and fell upon
him, Injuring his spine. The lower por
tion of his body is paralyzed as a result of
his injuries.
GRADUATE STUDENTS WILL RECEIVE
DEGREES OF DOCTOR OF PHILOSOPHY
Frank Elmore Ross and Russell Tracy Crawford of University of
; California Successfully jPass Final Examinations and Are
if Recommended by Council to Regents for Highest .Honors
THE SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 4, 1901.
8
j^^**^'"^v&'* Mm gTC^//^>ih^i*^^^^y"tf**^^^S*S^T/^^^»»!r^^^^^*^^^^!^Alfred Clarke, better known as "Nobby"
Clarke, filed a petition with the Board of
Police Commissioners yesterday for rein
statement on the force.- He was clerk to
the Chief of Police in 1887, when he re
signed. He is now €0 years of age, toav
ing been born in 1S32.
"Nobby" Clarke Rejuvenated.
A feature of the entertainment In the
pavilion will be a doll drill by children
from the Burnett School, directed by Miss
Josephine I. Kean and Miss Anna I>a
Grave.
The Chutes management has kindly al
lowed the use of some of the animals
from the menagerie of that place. These
will be placed on exhibition In Glen Park
for the amusement of the little ones.
The festivities . were to have been held
Mayday, • but on account of the rain a
postponement was necessary. The street
railroad companies expect an attendance
of 40,000 and perfect arrangements have
been made to handle the crowds with com
fort. It is the desire of the educators of
this city to place the funds of the society
on a healthy foundation, and the school
children will lend their assistance in a
number of ways, t .
Hundreds of boys and girls will march
in companies, and there is a handsome
trophy for that presenting the best ap
pearance. The prize will be a beautiful
guidon, made of silk and lettered in gold.
The trophy for the tug-of-war will be an
allegorical statuette, "Peace Prevailing
Over War." The. medal for the, winners
will be embossed on one side, and will
have the names of the successful con
testants on the reverse.
"Kingr Fun" 'will reign supreme at Glen
Park to-day, the occasion being the an
nual benefit for the San Francisco Publio
School Teachers' Annuity and Retirement
Association. Last year the benefit netted
the jum of $10,000. The various committees
of teacnera " have been making great ef
forts to insure* the success of the affair
and are confident that a far greater sum
¦will be realized this year. The object Is
a worthy one. ; ¦ . .'
Funds of * Annuity Associa
tion to Be Largely-
Increased.
Programme Completed
for Teachers' Annual
Benefit.
FUN WILL REIGN
AT GLEN PARK
SATURDAY, MAY 4.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tho tides
tho early morning- tides ore given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tho order of occurrenca as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey . Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given la subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower lo-v waters.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. " . • •
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
DOMESTIC PORTS
TACOMA— Arrived May 3-Stmr City of To
peka, from Skasuay.
Sailed May 3— Ship C F Sargent, for Hono
lulu.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 2— Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed May 3— Bktn Portland, for Port Town
send.
Arrived May 3— Schr Henry "Wilson, from
Grays Harbor.
EUREKA— Arrived May S— Br ship Aberyst
with^Cafitle, from Shanghai; stmr Aberdeen,
hence May 2. '
Sailed May 3— Stmr Noyo, for San Fran
cisco: Ktmr Eureka, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed, outward May 3
— Schr Robert Lewers, for Honolulu: schr
Okanog-an, for Bristol Bay; bktn Skagit, for
Honolulu; U S stmr Pathfinder, for ,
ASTORIA— Sailed May 3— Stmr Geo W Elder,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 3— Nor stmr Horda,
for San Francisco; stmr Chico. for San Fran
cisco.
VENTURA— Arrived May 3— Baree Santa
Paula and tug 1 Monarch, hence May 1.
Sailed May 3— Barge Santa Paula, for San
Francisco, in tow tug Monarch.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 3— Stmr Aloha, for
UMPQUA RIVER— Arrived May 1— Schr Lily,
hence A^rll 23.
FOREIGN PORTS. \
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed May 3— Schr Oli
ver J Olsen, for Eleele. .
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived May 1— Br Itmr
Braemer, from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH-Sailed May 2— Br ship Glau
cus, for Dunkirk.
ACAPULCO— Sailed April 20— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 2— Stmr New
England, from Boston.
Sailed May 2— Stmr Bovic, 'for New York.
ST VINCENT, C V— Arrived prior to May 3—
Stmr Westminster, from San Francisco, via
Coronel, for .
BREMEN— Arrived May 3— Stmr Lahn. from
New York.
MOV1LLE— Sailed May 3— Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow, for New York; stmr Tunisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal. • - >
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed May 3 — Stmr
Deutschland, for Hamburg, for New York, via
Cherboure-
NEW YORK— Sailed May 3— Stmr Caledon
ian, for Liverpool ; stmr Christiana, • for Liver
pool, Genoa and Naples.
BOSTON— Arrived May 3— Stmr Common
wealth, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 3— Stmr Deutsch
land, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
New York.
Feb 13, lat E6 S, Ion 62 W— Br ship Leicester
Castle, from Portland, for Queenstown.
April 5, lat S N, Ion 32 W— Br ship Hale
wood, from Portland, for Queenstown.
April 24. lat 39 N. Ion 16 W— Br bark Iver
na, from Hamburg:, for Santa Rosalia.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, May 8, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Friday, May 3.
Schr Una. Harkins, hence April 29, for Chigr
nik Bay, on account of carrying away main
boom and mainsail May 1, 250 miles west or
Point Reyes in heavy N'W gale and high, con
fused sea.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, .
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup. Tacoma.
etmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Greene, Hongkong.
Br stmr Peru. Newton, Panama and Val
paraiso.
Bark Asrate, Bereman, Bristol Bay.
Bktn Addenda. Perry, Columbia River.
Schr Portuna. Olsen, Eureka.
Schr Newark, Crancle, Stewarts Point.
RETURNED.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abot
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the> same at both placei
TRANSPORT LAWTON, THAT STRUCK ON AN UNCHARTED ROCK IN
THE PHILIPPINES. NECESSARY REPAIRS WILL DELAY HER DE
PARTURE FOR MANILA THREE WEEKS OR MORE.
General Pavey Here on. Business.
General C. "W. Pavcy of Illinois, an at
tache of the Department of Justice at
Washington, D. C, is in this city for the
purpose of looking over the accounts of
the clerks of the Circuit and District
courts, the Circuit Court of Appeals and
the United States Marshal. His duties
are merely of a routine character.
The Panama Railroad Company's Argyll
arrived from Panama yesterday. Her
cargo consists almost entirely of iron and
eteel bars, anchors, wire, horseshoes,
nails, rivets and rope. She reports the
Roanoke as arriving at Panama short of
coal The steamship had only a half ton
of coal in her bunkers when ehe cast an
chor in the roadstead.
Kenneth Dietrick, a boy of 12. was run
over bv a WeJls-Fargo wagon at the fer
ries yesterday. He wae treated at the
Harbor Hospital lor sovae bruises about
tho head and body.
A drur.kin tailor made some trouble on
the Coast and Geodetic Survey steamer
McArthur yesterday, fie bad to be tied
hand and foot.
Reinsurance on the British four-masted
bark Manchester advanced from 65 to 80
per cent yesterday. The Manchester is
now out 254 days from Mew York for
Yclcchama.
Water Front Notes.
The interisland steamship Helene went
on the Union Iron Works dryJock yes
terday and left a lot of trouble in the
of 1500 bags of empty bottles be
hind her at Pacific-street wharf. Rosen
berg & Son are dealers in empty bottles
ar.d during a visit to Hawaii youna: Ro
senberg gathered up the consignment in
question cheap. He got a low rate on
the Helene and sent the bottles here,
where the market is much better than it
is in Honolulu. Rosenberg Sr. claimed the
consignment on the arrival of the Helene
and, ioadir.g the sacks on wagons, pre
pared to cart them away. Then the Cus
toms authorities stepped in and demanded
to know if the bottles were American or
foreign. Rosenberg Jr. had forgotten to
remove the labels in Honolulu and that
was an expensive oversight for the firm.
All the sacks had to be unloaded from the
wagron and in spite of the Drotests of
Rosenberg Sr. every bottle was examined
and the dutiable removed from among the
non-dutiable. When the work was done
it was found that there were 300 sacks
of dutiable bottles, and as the dutv is
about IVi cents a bottle Rosenberg & Son
had to turn about $150 Into the United
States treasury.
Duty on Empty Bottles.
Friday, May 3.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 19 hours from Bear
U Stmr' ProKreso, Monroe, 82 hours from Ta-
Stxnr Coronado, Johnson, 45 hours from Port
Jahnsen, 47 hours from San
P Strnr North Fork, McLellan, 23 hour* from
1 " Argyll. Gilboy, 14 days 8 hours from
Br bark Inverneill, Patterson, 85 day* from
Newcastle, Aub. •
Bktn John Smith, Anderson, 6 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 20 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Mary E Kuss, Nyman, 3 days from Coos
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 16 hours from Bih
lersi Point.
Schr Vega, Erratt, 5 days from Grays Har
hi "" CLEARED.
Friday. May 3.
Etmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
jap stmr Nippon Maru, Greene, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; Wm H Avery.
Br stmr Pern, Newton, Valparaiso and way
por'e; Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Berk A*ale, Bergman, Bristol Bay; Bristol
Packinc Co.
S<-hr Volunteer, Osmund, Unga; Jas * S Os
"scht Webfoot, Mercer, 7 days from "Willapa
Schr Lizzie Prien, Anderson, 6 days from.
BluS law River. SAILED. * ' ..
Friday, May 3.
- Stmr Columbia,- Doran; Astoria. " •..»."-:,.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, »•-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Commander, U. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Notice is hereby given that a car, loaded
with thirty tons of castings, is sunk about 400
ieet SE of the southern end of the Seeond
etreet freight slip. The car is in about 36 feet
of water and the least depth found on the
car was about 25 feet. A email wooden buoy
is anchored to the car.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U» bEBRELt
RAN FRANCISCO BAY— CALIFORNIA.
Sunken Car Oft Second Street.
SAN FRANCISCO BAR-CALIFORNIA.
Notice Is hereby given that on May 2, 1901.
Light Vessel No. 70 was replaced on her sta
tion, about 3Vi miles outside the bar off the
entrance to San Francisco Harbor, and the
gas buoy temporarily marking the station was
withdrawn. •
No change has been made In Light Vessel
No. 70 as to characteristics of lights, fog
signal or general appearance.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast, 1901," page 14,
No. 24. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys.
Pacific Coast, 1901." pace 18.
Office U. S. Lighthouse Inspector,
Twelfth District,
BAX FRANCISCO. May 3, 1901.
Notice to Mariners.
The Japanese liner Nippon Maru sailed yes
terday for the Orient with cargo destined as
follows: For Ccina, $92,651; Japan, $102,377;
Manila, $23,278; East Indies, $1159; total, $219,
465. The following were the principal ship
ments:
For China— 20,093 lbs abalone meat, 11C2 lbs
butter, 240 cs bottled beer, 10 cs 1865 lbs cheese,
1%9 lbs coffee, 1005 en canned poods, 1145 bales
domestics, 6 cs electrical supplies, 40 bxs fruit,
H.CC0 bbls flour, 959 pkgs groceries and provi
sions, 978 lbs ham ?.nd bacon, 5 pkgs machin
ery, 24 cs photo goods, 5975 lbs pearl barley,
1000 lbs peas, 1C5 cs salmon, 2201 lbs tea. V> cs
typewriters, 51 cs 5 bbls whiskey. 1265 gals
wine.
For Japan— 1139 lbs butter, 270 crs bicycles,
30 cs canned goods, 9S86 lbs coffee, 1300 tales
cotton, 26 cs electrical eupplies, 25 bxs fruit.
450 pkgB groceries and provisions, 2779 lbs dry
hides, 5532 lbs ham and bacon. 17 bales hose,
3140 pigs lead, 6 rolls leather, 7 pkgs millwork,
M pkgs machinery, 1150 kegs nails, 25 bbls oak
extract, 2800 lbs eugar, 401.COO lbs salt, 57,500
lbs soda ash. 67,000 lbs tan bark, 12 cs whisky,
3 cs 1940 eals wine.
For Manila — 123 es canned goods, 74 cs
drugs, 142 pkgs groceries and provisions, 35 cs
liquors, 7 cs photo goods, 6 pkgs machinery,
1100 cs 5 bbls whisky, 500 cs saimon, 35 cs 667
gale wine, 16 pkgs paste, 5 cs stationery.
For East Indies — 112 cs canned goods, 53 cs
salmon, 12 cs dried fruit, 16 pkgs groceries and
provisions.
Cargo on the Japanese Liner.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Magdalene will load wheat at Portland
for Europe at 3Ss 9d: the Najade, same voy
age, 3Ss Sd, both chartered prior to arrival.
The British bark Inverneil arrived from
Newcastle, Australia, yesterday after a
long passage of eighty-five days. She was
caught In a succession of pales that did
some damage about the deck, but nothing
serious. On March 22 last the Inverneil
was -within three miles of Pitcairn, but
no sign was seen of the islanders. The
bark brings a cargo of coal for the North
Pacific Ccast Railroad, so she was taken
direct to Sausalito as soon as port was
made.
Was in Heavy Weather.
The army transport Lawton will not get
away for the Philippines until about the
end of the month. While leaving one of
the small island ports she struck on a
sunken rock, but the damage was not
considered very great. Thursday she
¦went on the drydock and a thorough ex
amination was made. It now looks as
though it will cost $10,000 to get her ready
for sea. A new bilge keel will have to be
put on the port side, the rudder head has
chafed through the deck plate, a new shoe
¦will have to be put on her stem and quite
a number of rivets are started. The Law
ton was scheduled to sail on the 12th inst.,
but as the repairs will take three weeks
it -will be the end of the month before she
gets away.
Sailing About Three Weeks.
DAMAGE TO THE LAWTON.
Necessary Kepairs Will Delay Her
Maru, for the Orient, passed out
through the Golden Gate in company yes
terday. The Peru was to have sailed at
noon, but was half an hour late in getting
Into the stream and another thirty min
utes was wasted in picking up a crazed
passenger, who ,'umped into the bay.
A few minutes .> after the Peru had
moved away from the wharf one of tne
cabin passengers became greatly excited.
He Insisted upon being put ashore to say
good-by to a friend. The last heard from
him was when he yelled to his friend
to wait for him. When the steamship got
into the stream the passenger must have
eluded the sailors who were watching
him, for the people on the Fremont
street ¦whaxf saw him clamber on the
ship's rail and jump Into the bay. VTiie
cold water sobered him and he started
to swim for the Peru. A Whitehall was
in the vicinity and the boatman picked ihe
swimmer up and transferred him to the
steamer's boat that had been lowered In
the meantime.
The cabin passengers on the Peru were:
St. John Robinson, Luis F. de Retana, Mrs.
K. W. Kinsey, S. B. Clapham. H. Mather, J.
Heinemaji, \V. S. Bardwell, J. B. Dennis,
Charles Lean, J. B. Thurston, E. A. "Wetting
and wife. Miss Cecil Thurston, William Dur
brow. William O'Brien. G. A. Whiteford, F.
M. Hanchett and wife, R. D. Macpherson,
Mrs. M. de Kspinosa, Miss M. de Esplnosa,
Concepclom Osuna, K. M. Knight, Mrs. N.
Morrison, James Farway, Jesus Barenta.
The Nippon Maru took away a very
large cargo. Purser I. U. Slocum did not
go out on the steamship this trip, his
place being taken by C. L-acey Goodrich,
formerly of the Coptic. Mr. Slocum will
enjoy a vacation. The cabin passengers
on the Nippon Maru were:
For Yokohama — Mrs. E. K. Ransome and in
fant, J. H. Rosenthal.
For Kobe— F. W. Carlson, J. W. Fletcher,
A. H. Tmrabo.
For Nagasaki— L. Bull, Mrs. H. L. Douglas,
Miss Hostetter, EL C. Huff, Leigh Hunt, Mrs.
Leigh Hunt and two servants. Miss Helen
Hunt.
For Shanghai— C. H. W. Bosman, Dr. John
Fryer.
For Hongkong— Mrs. W. H. Avery. A. Crow
ley. F. L. Fernald, Mrs. F. L. Fernald, Mrs.
J. C. Howe, F. L. Hutton, Mrs. F. E. Hutton,
Professor Perry Hayne, J. H. King, C. H.
King, H. Lambe, S. O. Lockwood Jr., Oscar
Sutro and Mrs. William VThiley.
THE Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Peru, for Central and
South American ports, and the
Toyo Risen Kaisha's Nippon
The members of the committee of ar
rangements are: F. A. Miller (chairman).
Mrs. J. R. Martin, Mrs. W. S. Chandler,
Mrs. John Knell, Mrs. T. Sachau and E.
Gill.
; Mrs. V. K. Maddox. trold medal for the best
white rose plant in bloom; Colonel Andrews,
gold medal for the best collection of cut car
nations, open to amateurs only; California
Oj tical Company, silver medal for the best
cut blooms of American Beauty roses, open to
¦all; Floral Society, gold medal for the best
general display cf potted plants, open to pro
fessional growers only; Floral Society, gold
medal for best general display of cut flowers
and plants, open to dealers only: Floral Soci
ety, pold medal for best general display of cut
flowers and plants, open to amateurs only; J.
IV. Wallace, silver medal for the best exhibit
of forest mosses.
The annual meeting date of the society
was changed from January to May.
In addition to the premium list, which
has already been announced, the follow
ing special premiums will be awarded:
The society extended a vote of thanks to
the Cox Seed Company for a donation of
S50, which is to be used as a premium for
the best, largest and most meritorious ex
hibit of cut roees and cut carnations in
vases, the contest being .open to all.
Arrangements were made at the
meeting yesterday for the session of the
Floral Congress of the Pacific States,
which will begin its work two days pre
vious to the festival and will continue to
the ICth of May. The congress will con
vene in the Academy of Sciences building
and will discurs floriculture. Delegates
from all over the coast will be in attend
ance.
The report showed that all of the avail
able space In the north wing of the grand
nave of the ferry building, where the ex
hibition is to be held, has been allotted to
exhibitors. Choice flowers from all por
tions of the State, and even from Asto
ria, Or., will be displayed. The rare and
beautiful floral productions "which have
•won premiums in the carnivals at Loo
Anpeles and Santa Barbara will be s€nt
north to compete for the prize here. The
flower fanciers of Eureka, Santa Rosa,
San Jose and Sacramento have also ex
pressed a desire to exhibit their choicest
productions.
The ferry building will be handsomely
decorated and brilliantly Illuminated with
incandescent lights. On each evening a
musical programme will be rendered. On
Thursday and Saturday evenings the mu
sic will be furnished by St. Ignatius Col
lege orchestra. The orchestra has played
at many of the college exercises with flat
tering success.
Preparations for the grand floral festi
val which is to be given under the aus-
pices of the California State Floral So
ciety during: the President's visit to this
city have been completed. The report
from the committee on arrangements,
¦which was read at a meeting of the so
ciety held yesterday afternoon. Indicates
that the festival will prove a grand suc
cess.
Horticulturists Promise to
Send Their Choicest
Flowers.
Preparations Completed
for a Magnificent
Display.
FLORAL SOCIETY
PLANS EXHIBIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 4, 1901.
Desire to Bid a Friend Good-By, Overcomes Him— Boatman Saves
Him — Toyo Kisen Kaisha's Nippon Maru Sails— Transport Law
ton Is Damaged More Severely Than Was at First Thought
PASSENGER JUMPS OVERBOARD FROM
SOUTH AMERICAN STEAMSHIP PERU
9
Sun rises ."
Sun sets ;.,
Moon rises 8:06 p
[Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
\Xi Wl H W . L W H W
4 ... 6:50 0.0 1:00 4.5 5:25 D 11:33
5... 6:26 ..0.2 1:45 4.5 6:00 3.0
H \V L XV H W L W
6... 0:04 5.5 7:05—0.2 2:30 4.4 6:40
7 ... 0:35 5.3 7:48—0.1 3:15 4.5 7:27
8 ...I 1:15 5.1 8:30.-0.0 4:00 4.6 8:29
9 ... 2:05 5.0 9:li$j 0.1 4:47 4.8 ' 9:41
10 ... 3:10 4.8 10:12[ 0:4 5:34 ' 4.9 11:00
..5:10
,.7:03
i. m.
i
Ft.
5.6
' 3.2
3.2
.3.2
3.2
2.8
Steamer.
I
Destination.
ISails.
I Pier.
i 1
Slay 4.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor ....
Fulton Grays Harbor ....
Arcata Coos Bay
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma.
San Pedro HumboKK :.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
May 5.
Santa Rosa... San Diego
May O.
Eureka Humboldt
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
North Fork... Humboldt
May 7.
Bonlta Newport
Curacao Mexican Ports ....
Mandalay Coqullle River
May 8.
Pomona..'...'.. Humboldt ......:...
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
San Jose...... Panama & Way..
Queen San Diego
- • - - ¦ ¦• May O.
Sierra...... ~, Sydney & Way Pts
May 10.
Corona. Newport
6 pm
6 pm
12 m
S pm
10 am
2 pm
9 am
12 m
11 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
I Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 2
9 am
10 am
* pm
Pier 11
Pier H
Pier 2
1:30 p
11 am
12 m
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 11
1 10 am
Pier 7
I 9 am|
Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo. Coiiullle Rjver
Grace Dollar.. . San Pedro
Eureka.... Humboldt ""'
Mandalay Coquille River .—
Washtenaw Tacoma .'......
Milton Nanaimo ;
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports
Bonita.... Newport
Queen San Oleuro ';
Tellus.- Oyster Harbor
Hyades Seattle [;
Pomona Humboldt
Zealandia Honolulu
Adato Tacoma
City of Puebla. Pug-et Sound Ports.. :
Rainier Seattle
Kvarven Comox
Acme sluslaw River
Hoanpke N. Y. via Panama...."
Crescent City.. Crescent City ;.
Corona Newport .,'
Newport.:'. Panama & Way Ports.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts.
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma '.
Arcata ; Coos Bay
Santa Rosa San Diego ,
Point Arena.... Point- Arena
Columbia. Portland and Astoria"
May 4
May 4
May 4
May *
May 4
May 4
May 5
May 6
May 6
May ' 6
May 6
May 6
May 6
May G
May. 7
May 7
May 7
May 7
May 7
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May !)
May 10
Sun rises ."
Sun sets ;.,
Moon rises 8:06 p
[Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
\Xi Wl H W . L W H W
4 ... 6:50 0.0 1:00 4.5 5:25 D 11:33
5... 6:26 ..0.2 1:45 4.5 6:00 3.0
H \V L XV H W L W
6... 0:04 5.5 7:05—0.2 2:30 4.4 6:40
7 ... 0:35 5.3 7:48—0.1 3:15 4.5 7:27
8 ...I 1:15 5.1 8:30.-0.0 4:00 4.6 8:29
9 ... 2:05 5.0 9:li$j 0.1 4:47 4.8 ' 9:41
10 ... 3:10 4.8 10:12[ 0:4 5:34 ' 4.9 11:00
..5:10
,.7:03
i. m.
i
Ft.
5.6
' 3.2
3.2
.3.2
3.2
2.8
Steamer.
I
Destination.
ISails.
I Pier.
i 1
Slay 4.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor ....
Fulton Grays Harbor ....
Arcata Coos Bay
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma.
San Pedro HumboKK :.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
May 5.
Santa Rosa... San Diego
May O.
Eureka Humboldt
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
North Fork... Humboldt
May 7.
Bonlta Newport
Curacao Mexican Ports ....
Mandalay Coqullle River
May 8.
Pomona..'...'.. Humboldt ......:...
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
San Jose...... Panama & Way..
Queen San Diego
- • - - ¦ ¦• May O.
Sierra...... ~, Sydney & Way Pts
May 10.
Corona. Newport
6 pm
6 pm
12 m
S pm
10 am
2 pm
9 am
12 m
11 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
I Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 2
9 am
10 am
* pm
Pier 11
Pier H
Pier 2
1:30 p
11 am
12 m
9 am
Pier 9
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 11
1 10 am
Pier 7
I 9 am|
Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Argo. Coiiullle Rjver
Grace Dollar.. . San Pedro
Eureka.... Humboldt ""'
Mandalay Coquille River .—
Washtenaw Tacoma .'......
Milton Nanaimo ;
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria..
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports
Bonita.... Newport
Queen San Oleuro ';
Tellus.- Oyster Harbor
Hyades Seattle [;
Pomona Humboldt
Zealandia Honolulu
Adato Tacoma
City of Puebla. Pug-et Sound Ports.. :
Rainier Seattle
Kvarven Comox
Acme sluslaw River
Hoanpke N. Y. via Panama...."
Crescent City.. Crescent City ;.
Corona Newport .,'
Newport.:'. Panama & Way Ports.
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts.
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma '.
Arcata ; Coos Bay
Santa Rosa San Diego ,
Point Arena.... Point- Arena
Columbia. Portland and Astoria"
May 4
May 4
May 4
May *
May 4
May 4
May 5
May 6
May 6
May ' 6
May 6
May 6
May 6
May G
May. 7
May 7
May 7
May 7
May 7
May 8
May 8
May 8
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May 9
May !)
May 10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tr%Jn* !«»«•> nml arc Uae to nrrlf* ml
£/ nan nn\ci«*(o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
uati — Feou April 23, IDOL — *rbiv«
7:30a Benlcla, Siitaun, Elmira, VacartUs,
Rumw; and baoramento. ......... 7i3Sr
7i80a Datia, Woodland. Knights Landing,
Mamfille. Orotille.. 7z3.Tr
7<30« Atlantic Kxpreas-Ogden and Eaat 12:23r
8:00 a Martinez, Sau Uamon, Vallejo. Napa,
UalUtoga and Bauta Itosa tt:23r
S:OOa Llvermore, Stockton, Hauford, Vlia-
lia, f ortertille 4i23j
8:00a Kiles, Lathrop, Merced, Fresno, Ba-
ktrsfield 4:33/
S:30a Shaata Eipresa— Dails, WilllacM (for
Bartlett Springs), Willow*. Kad
Bluff, ForUand. 7:33*
¦i&Oa San Jvae, LlTermor*, .Mtookton,
lone, Saeramento, Flaeenills,
MurjsTille, Chlco, UmUllulT 4:23r
8:30a Oakdalp. Chinese (Yosemite). Ho-
nor*. Carters..... 4:25?
•J:0O» Hajwards. Kilrsand Way Stations. I I>33a
»:«« A Loa Angeles Eijireas — Martinez.
Tncr, Latiirop, Htockton, Meroed
Fresno and Lcs Angeles 7:33a
0:30a Vail,.],,. Martln«x and Way Stations 0:»3p
IO:OOa The Orerlmd Limited— Ogden, Den.
»er, Otutha. CUicago «>.%3r
fliOOr Sacrainentn lUicr .Si.«mu«rs t 3<o °A
S:3Ur Jlay ward*, Nilrs ami War HUtions. 7:33 r
3:3<>r Port Costa, Martintz Lathrop, M er-
cad; BererdiCYosemie), irestio.. 7:23y
4itttfr Uenlcia. Wiuters. Sacrameuto,
WomllaiKl, KuiubU leading.
Mi»rya»ille, Oru.illB IOiSS*
«i«»p M»rtliiB7, Hsu Kant Vallejo,
Nupii. <.'allnti>|{a, Santa Uona l»i2Si
4i00p NUes, LlTenaore, Stocktoa Lodi... 10>33a
4i3<»p Htrwards. Mien Hait.l use. Lire ncore fS:55A
•:««r The Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton.
Fresno, Baltersflelil. Hanjus fox
Santa fearbara, Los Angeles »:33 i
OsOOp Ilavwarda, KIIeaund«*ii Joae 7:53a
t«:0Or Vallejo 11:134
fliOOr- Oriental Mail— Ogdeu, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago......... 12:2*?
O:OOp Oriental Mall— Ogdeo. Dent er.
Omaha. ChleafCO. 4:S3r
7:OOr Oregon and California Kiiiren.Hao-
nuiiHiiti), Marfstllle, I.'cMIhk,
1'ortlaiHl, riiget Minimi and V.n»i 9».1.1 A
8i«3pSan Pablo, Port Costa. Martinez
ai.rt Way Utatious IIi.VIa
tStOSp Vallejo 7iSAr
COAST, LINE (Harrow (Jaajre).
(Foot of JJ.irket Street.) "
}7><3a Santa Cruz Excursion to danta Cnu
and Principal \f»7 Stations tS:O3*
¦•ISA Newark. On t«rimt:.Nan.lose,F»lton.
Boulder C'reehr.Manta Cruz and Way -
Stations 3«3»»
tStlSr Newark. CenterTille, San .lose, New
AlmadeD, Feltou. lloulder Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations t IO.SOA
«i»r Newark. 8an Jose, Los Gates { ?io:3«i
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr«s31I flUSCISCO— Fajt «f Hark»t SUi.t (Slip 8>—
t7:15 9:00 11 ; 00a.u. 1:03 3:33 5:13r.N.
rrunOlIUMD— rulitBtuitwaT.— T<i:00 t3;C0 tS;Oa
10:90a.m. 13:C3 3:00 i:33r.M.
COAST LINE (IJroa.l <an K e).
(Thlr«l and Townaeii.l Sta.)
H:I»a South Man Francisco, Palo Alto.... •»»»•>»
46:13a Han Jose ami Way Statlnim Ii3t»»
17:00a Sunday Eicunion for San Jue.
Hanti Cruz. Pacific Grore and
Frincinal Way Stitions...... ....... !S:30»
litMHa.1 Joae. Tres rimm. Haiita rwux.
I'Rciilc OfOTv, talinva. San Luii
Obiapo and Prindpai interaedUta
HUHcim 4:10»
10::t0\ San Jose and Way Stations. 7:3»*
/l»:Hi>* New Alinadttii. / 5:3O»
1I:»»A 8au Jose ami Way Stations »ia«f
Wrt*T San Mateo, K-dwco.1. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. San ta Clara, .Sail Joae.
Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey anil Pacific Grore t««»:<3i
BiSOr San Jose and Way Stattons •:»<>*
f4:15r San Joseamt Principal Way Stations »:-13a
|3>OOr San Jose, Los Gates and Principal
Way Stations f»:«OA
Bi3Op San Jose anil Principal Way Stations 8:3V*
€:13r Tfew Orlsaos ETnreKS. Ssn Jose,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles, D m-
lnr. £1 Paso, Sew Orieann and Esst 7« • «A
' 0:13p Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grove,
Lore poo IA)33p
«:30f 8a> Jose and Way Statlous t N:4 '°a
¦Ht43rSan Jcgean.tWay Stati.ina 7i30»
? for Moraine. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. J 5>nnday only.
% Saturday only, ¦/ Tnesdavs and Frldaya.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
• ' Commencins April 23. ijxjl
FROM SAN a F^NCISCO TO^MU. VALLBT
•WEEK DATS— «:55. 8:30. *9:3O, U:C0 a. ra.
12:45, »1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA .TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. »9:00. MO:!*), ll:0O u*»
a. m.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 6:00, 7:30 p rn.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN 1 FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— -5:25. 4:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10-15
a. m.. •12:25. 1:15. 2:20. 'atSo. 4:40. 5:30 p. m;
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13. *S:00. 9:45, •11:00 a. m »13
m.. 1:00. 5:15, *3:30, 4:30. *5:45. 6:45, 7:30. 10:10
p. m.
Trains" marked ¦ (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 5:53. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:43. 3:30. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. ra.. 12:15.
1:20, 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. rn. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m.- Saturday*— Cazadero and way sta-
* 6:15* p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. .
• 10:00 a. . m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KEASKY »T. Established
fn 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, ijist Manuood. Debility or
disease wearlnson body and mind and
Slcln Diseases. 'Hie Dqctorcurwwhea
others fair. Try him. Vhar»«i low.
<:nrr>i;uar»nlrr(). Callorwrlta
Dr. J. X*. tilBBOX. aau Francisco. CaJ. .
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
White
CottoJene
is popular not only because
it en*ables dyspeptics to eat
"rich" food and pastry with
impunity ; but it is the fa-
vorite shortening and frying
medium of the American
kitchen because crusts and
cakes made with it are
Delicious,
Animal fat is injurious to
health in most cases, while
WHITE COTTOLENE is a
pure vegetable product which
cannot injure the most deli-
¦¦ • ¦ . • . ¦ ¦ ¦
cate stomach.
jSS^i The N.K.Falrbank Company,
•jjv Isj 3 f Chicago— Solo Atannfacturers.
iw^SSSftfejSS'' FPFFI Our dainty booklet,
I^SW^JIj*^; ifltL- " A p ub i lc Secret."
KaSkfijy'&'SSf 1 mailed free to any address.
:sS|»j^//a5?; For two 2c stampa we win
S^bwwWSmJ BCnd free our 125 -P a Ee recipe
fejSMjgi^gj book, "Home Helys," edited
by Mrs. Ror6r.
P. S.— -No Hog Fat in COTTOLENE
MAKING A NAME.
For excellent laundry work is a point long
since passed by us. Ours is established
and our reputation for .exceptional excel-
'lence in work and care in handling should
prove interesting to you in sending out
your next laundry bundle. See that it
comes to us— and you'll be satisfied.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Off lea 1OO4 Market Strast.. ;
"" Telephone— South 42O, j
Oakland" Off »c'e-'54 San Pablo Av».
"_ „.-,— ¦¦¦juju-iim. ._. miijLi ¦"¦ '
Eg ™ "wS Tl^ T-V Z*T*1
fSKb ¦ ' CKICHEQTER'S ENGLISH
PENNYfyWI., Ilm-S
H ~^T-»!*V Orljtlnnl and Only frenulno.
- >t .« JSi»i for CHICHESTEK'S K>GI*ISH
lM''*£&WS:%\ In KED and Gold metallic boxes, sealed
•*» ; S^Wr? ir<th blue ri^ 1100 ' Take no other. Rcfuso
. ) 1M Sv4 Danscron* Substitutions and lmlta.
. -!"/.,""¦ MJ tlo»iu ¦ Bny of yoar Dracjist. or «rnd 4«. (a
I , *•• '. , . wf . 'tampa for . Part leulnr*. T cxttmon Ulc
¦ "i \ V* " fp "O* "RelleT for Lndlen." in Utter, br re-
¦»X ¦**¦ 'A ! '?««"¦ Ma!l. 1 «>.O«x» TentimenUli. Soldbi I
;«....^— - :/- «n Dmggisti. .- Oblcheiiter Chemical O«»_-
Msatlon tbiipiptr. "' Jladlsoa Square, i'UlLA., FA.
"She eaid her brother had also received
great benefits from leaving off coffee and
taking on Postum Food Coffee." Henry
A. Mader, 221 W. S2rd St. New York.
"One day on an excursion up the coun-
try I remarked to a young lady friend en
her greatly improved appearance. She
explained that some time before she had
quit using coffee and taken Postum. She
had gained a number of pounds and her
former palpitation of the heart, hum-
ming in the ears, trembling of the hands
and legs and other disagreeable feelings
had disappeared. She recommended me
to quit coffee and take Postum, and was
very much surprised to find that I had al-
ready made the chance.
"A lady said that perhaps coffee was the
cause of my trouble and suggested that I
try Poetum Food Coffee. I laughed at the
thought that coffee hurt me, but she in-
sisted so hard that I finally had some
Postum made. I have been using it in
pl&ce of coffee ever since, for I noticed
that all my former nervousness and irri-
tstion disappeared. I began to sleep per-
fectly, and the Postum tasted as good or
better than the old coffee, so what was
the use- of sticking to a beverage that was
ruininc me?
A New York hotel man says: "Each
time after drinking cotten I became rest-
less, nervous and excited, so that I was
unable to sit fiv« minutes in one place;
was also inclined to vomit and suffered
from loss of sleep, which got worse and
worse.
It is difficult to make people believe that
coffee Is an absolute poison to at least one
person out of every three, but people are
elowly finding It out, although thousands
of them suffer terribly before they 'dis-
cover the fact.
Ercry Third Person Poisoned by
Coffee.
ONE IN THREE.
POSTUM CEBEAL.
EATLWAY TBAVEL.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY/
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of s&**^£*d
Terr small and as easy'
. to take a9 sugar.
SEE IPADTTD>1 FOR HEADACHE. CCC
L CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. * tL
Ar ,' lIiniI _ HIlTTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. # ._ mfftimt _
GENUINE SivER "« torpid liver. GENUINE
Spills for constipatios.
WRAPPPR H IW " FOR SALLOW SKIJf. WRAPPPR
WKAFTLH 'MgssM iroR the complexion WKAi^KLH
"PRINTED >O2ST REID PAPER."
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Ai your Service
\ The porters in charge
' of Burlington tourist sleep-
ing cars are picked men.
Most of them have been
with us for years. They
are honest, civil and oblig-
ing. They know what is
: expected of them, and the
excursion managers'see
I that they do it.
f From Los Angeles, Mondays and
f Wednesdays; San FrancUco. Tues-
{ days and Thursdays; Omaha, Chi-
cago. Kansas City, St. Louis — ¦
EVERYWHERE east
Tickets and berths
d^jftf^^^^j] at 6 3 l Market Street.
IHHESHHHHSi Gcn'l Agent
CALIFORNIA SORTHWESTEM RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St-
San Francisco to San Rafael*
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 i>. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. »:S0.
6:00, 8:20 p..m.
Sam Rafael t* Baa Franotao*.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10. a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5a
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 1:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. _ .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc
same schedule as above. ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San FrancUco. I April 23. 1901-1 San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( Destination. I dayg. | Daya.
7:30 am| K:00 am Nova to. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm I 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pmt 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
• Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm .6:20 pm
7:30 am 6:00 pmf Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
7:30 am| 10:40 am|10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm]
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm I 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen._ 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
' Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyviile. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Iflclah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring?.. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside." Lierleys, Bucknells.
Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. West-
port; Usal, Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, • Harris, Olaen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced* rates. • ,¦
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 630 Market Street. Chronicle
Building. .
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
: Dally. Daily. Daily. Daily.
Lv: San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a \
'" Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
"Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
."'Tulare'... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
"Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .*.
' " Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago ......:.. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining:
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
flrs^clase passengers. • No second-class
tickets arc honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free -Reclining "• Chair Car. also Palace
-Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. "m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. . ¦ ' ' ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SsuaUto rerrj— Foot of Market St.
LEAVC BAN r«»H. ¦ AHKIVC «»N WHAM.
fjgS-JJ'l WEEK DAYS J | : .g:-M
8:00 a. M.l » f 12:15 r. m.
9:00 A. m. ( 1:15 P. M.
10.-00A. M.I enNDAV<» J 3 ; S0 P. X.
Ud0A.-M.f SUNDAYS / 450p.m.
130 P.M. I—" I 5:50p.m.
250 P. M.J (. 7:10 p.m.
Fare. San rraneiieo to Sair.-n" and Retarn, S1.40
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & SansalUo Ferry.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARN Y AND ' WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and xenovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan, liooms. 30c to SI SO day;'
J5 to ii week; JS to 120 month. Free baths: ho:
and" cold water every room; fire grates In «v«ry
room; elevator runs all night.
! Ppjpsro OcnilPcn 1
I €^^^® Reduce Stock! I
To make room for the new things in vehicles we have made startling B
i reductions in the price of many of our popular style Runabouts, Surf eys ; : «
' and Phaetons. These vehicles are well made and so complete in every de- |f
tail that, at the price offered, the supply will not last, long. They are the : R
best and latest on the market [ . ¦ 'V, M
Runabouts with solid rubber or pneumatic tires, wire or wood wheels." If
i The season's latest offerings in Surreys— from $125 up. All other H
vehicles are correspondingly reduced, making this an exceptional oppor- n
tunity to buy new and fashionable carriages. ; . * •¦¦'.; - |
|£ Newest designs in RACING WAGONS, PNEUMATIC CARTS I
and Sulkies now in stock. .. ; gj
Cor. Polk St. and Golden Gate Aye. I
— mwgTTTO - TnB|^p |||| | W y |a| | W |, || .
N lust a little better
than anif other train
• —a Uttle better service— *
a more homelike p
feeling on tht
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere,
and it runs like this
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO
9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Frl Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 en Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO %
ON THEEASTERN MARKETS.
To . oome extent the demonstrations which
have: taken place this week would : suggest the
idea' that the culmination of. the movement is
near, . and the rise of interest • rates on Friday,
with ;the' attendant' breaks • in prices - for the
stocks which had the largest advances, ' seemed
All - records of activity have again been
broken at the New York Stock Exchange, the
"total transactions having been at the rate ; of
nearly 3,000,000 shares per day all week, and
on Tuesday the aggregate reached the limit
of 3,400,000 shares. Remarkable advances have
accompanied the intense activity and the pub
lic has-been buying . stocks in a way that is
only, seen at times of . great speculative ex
citement.' That there is a great deal of mani
pulation cannot be doubted, and to all appear
ances ' further railway deals of . far reaching
importance are - in preparation, it ; is, how
ever, the public's absorption of stocks at ad
vancing figures which- was mainly responsible
for the existing state of affairs.- .. :.--¦,
¦K — — ',.,..¦ *
NEW YORK, May 3.— Bradstreet' a Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
______
NEW YORK. May 3.— This afternoon's Get
back in prices was the most -violent which has
occurred since the present bull speculation set
In. It was absolutely without cause in news
of anj"thing that would do harm to intrinsic
values of securities." commerce and industry.
A flurry in the money rate coming on over
extended speculative accounts Indicates the
whole situation la a nutshell. It is charac
teristic of a boom that it should continue un
abated to the very teeth of such a situation,
with every preliminary warning, but pushing
onward until the actual event forcibly checked
the advance. The danger has been obvious
that the speculation was overrunning the
bounds of reason and safety. The buying -was
admittedly without motive or Information be
yond the hope and belief that there
be enough future buyeis to lift prices to a
higher plane and so offer profits. There were
exceptions in the case of the great market
leaders, in which there were plausible theories
and reports of buying to change control. But
in these also the horde of speculators who
have tailed on precipitately to each movement
of this kind for several weeks past was a
very large element In the buying. Increasing
trepidation has been felt among commission
brokers and lenders of money who assume re
sponsibility for speculative buyers that many
of this class were stretching their resources
unduly, dependent as they are on the main
tenance of the prices cf securities to ke°p
their credit good. As a consequence there
has been increasing pressure from commission
houses upon their customers to take their
profit* and lighten their load. But the buy
. ing demand has been constantly reinforced by
nejvcomers and the inroads upon the market
extended. The preliminary figures of to-mor
row'e bank statement made it clear that only
a weak showing can be hoped for from that
statement, and the bankers began calling
loans to recuperate their position.
The call loan rate ran up to 7 per cenC and
the speculators began to manifest acute dis
tress as they found themselves forced to look
ebout for new accommodations. The extreme
sensitiveness of the situation was made mani
fest in the violence of the reaction by what
really was a moderate hardening In the money
rate. The delicacy of the 'situation was en
hanced by the furious speculation this morn-
Ing in Atchison, St. Paul. Rock Island, Balti
more and Ohio. Missouri Pacific and a number
of stocks influenced by these movements. Ad
vances of 3% to 7% had resulted during the
morning among these stocks, St. Paul' being
particularly buoyant. When the pressure came
upon the market these stocks were naturally
among th-r** which were most acutely affected
by the selling. Enormous blocks were un
loaded on the - decline at successive drops of
half to a point to many points decline. The
drop in Atchison reacued £%; St. Paul, 9%
Rock Island, 8%; Northern Pacific. . 8; Balti
more & Ohio. 7%; Union Pacific 7%; Missouri
Pacific. 6%; New York Central, 6; Illinois Cen
tral." 5; • Wabash preferred. S%; Kansas and
Texas preferred. 4%;' Atchieon preferred. 4;
Bugar. 4%. and a large t number of other stocks
between 1 and 4 points. The bears were so
eager to take profits after their long absti
nence that their demand to cover caused ral
lies among these stocks of from 2 to 4%. But
the rallies were not well held and prices went
off again In some cases to the lowest The
New York Stock Market.
/ Condition of the > Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 3. —To-day's statement
of* the treasury balances In - the general, fund
shows: Available cash i balance, $156,834,954
gold, $97,374,690.
I NEW YORK. May 3.— Money on call firm, at
I 3@7 per cent; last loan. 6; ruling rate, 6. Prime
J mercantile paper, 3%@4% per cent. Sterling ex
change, easier, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 88 for demand and at $4 84%@
4 84% for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 85%ig$4 86
and $4 89. Commercial bills, $4 84@4 84%. Sil
i ver certificates, 60c. Bar silver, 59%c. Mexican
i dollars, 48%c. Government bonds, weak; State,
firm; railroad, weak.
New York Money Market.
LONDON. May 3.— Atchison. 91%; Canadian
Pacific, 102% : Union Pacific preferred, ¦ 100% ;
Northern Pacific perferred, 103%; Grand Trunk,
12%; Anaconda, 10%; United States Steel, 54%;
preferred, 103%.
Bar silver, . strong, 27%d per ounce.
Money, 3% per cent.
During the day on the board Atchlsons
spurted from 87% to 92%, finishing In the
Ftreetjat 83%. Baltimore and Ohio went from
113% to 116%; Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
from 178%@18S(gilS5. Union Pacifies were heavy
all day at about 130%, slumping in the street
to 126. The market opinion here is that Eries,
Readings and Southerns are the only railway
stocks left to take in hand. Steel shares re
lapsed on profit-taking. They were dealt In
to-day in Amsterdam for the first time. Grand
Trunks were buoyant.
Call money and bills were steady.
CLOSING.
The activity and cheerfulness which have
prevailed In the market here for come time
were continued to-day. In the words of the
brokers, "Americans were first, the rest no
where." Indeed, in- this department the trad
ing was nothing less than frantic from start
to finish. The oscillation of prices was of
the most violent character, heavy waves of
profit-taking being succeeded by equal heavy
buying movements. New York took a hand In
making the mad seesaw swing, but in the
street this support vanished suddenly and a
sharp collapse ensued.
NEW YORK, May. 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Tbe pressure has risen slightly during the
r>asi twenty-four hou-g over the country be
tween the Sierra and the Rocky Mountains.
Thtre has been a slight fall along the coast
from Cape Mendocino northward.
Warmer weather prevails in the valleys of
California and over »vada_ It still continues
cool over Utah. Unusually heavy rains are
reported from Salt Lake City, over three inches
bavinp fallen from the storm thus far. No
rain has fallen in California.
Korecaet made at Sar. Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 4. 1&01.
Northern California— Fair Saturday, with fog
a!cng the coast; light iiortherly winds In the
interior; brisk westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; warmer;
li?ht northerly winds. . .
Nevada— Fair Saturday; light northerly
winds.
Utah— Clearing Saturday, much warmer; light
northwest winds.
Arizona— Fair Saturday: light north wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
fresb westerly winds, with fog.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
Eo; minimum, 46; mean, 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The sugar stocks continued the center of
Interest on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange. AH were off except Hutchinson.
which recovered from $19 to $20. Honokaa was
lower at $26 50® 25. Paauhau, $27@28; KUauea.
?18 50@15 50. and Hawaiian. $53$f 30. Gas and
Electric was lower at $C6 75.
There was a steadier feeling In the sugar
stocks In the afternoon, the only exceptions
being Hawaiian, which declined to 151 and
Hutchinson. which fell back to $13 73 G as
and Electric was still lower at $36 12Vi@3S 62^i
There was nothing new in the oil stocks ex
cept a sharp decline in Petroleum Center to 7o
In the afternoon.
The following bond Interest has recently been
payable: •
S. P. R. R. of California. First Consolidated
guaranteed gold 5s, 1937. $645,330, payable ilay
Edison Light and Power Co.. regular auar
te ; y £ *J? cent < 1321 >- »343. payable May I
$94«i4. St p a aV^ble 33 Mlf t ""«¦*
North Pacific Coast R. R. Co.. 63. U01. reg
ular semi-annual. $16,200, payable Mayl
The Union Trust Company has called In an
other $123,000 of Us subscribed capital bv u
assessment of $100 per share^ad another $125^
Continued on Page Thirteen.
STOCK MARKET.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs are about as quoted
last week, though Eggs are In large supply
and declining in the wholesals markets.
Meats and Poultry are about aa before.
Fruits and Vegetables are showing the ef
fects of the recent rain, as the Cherries are
coming in cracked and the Strawberries and
some of the more delicate Vegetables ar«
sandy and gritty. This will -wear off In a few
days, however. Prices for Cherries are lower.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel J ©12 00 Southfleld
Wellington. @11 00 Wellington J — @11 00
Seattle 9 00® Coos Bay @ 7 so
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice. sq.35<3>45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 25(330 dozen 17020
Cheese, Cal 12@15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17@20 pound 15@20
Cheese, Swiss 20@35 Do, extracted. ..10® 13
Common Eggs 15@17
Poultry and Game — *
Hens, each 50@65 Turkeys, per lb... 17320
Young Roosters, Ducks, each 80<S90
each 75,^90 Geese. each...» 50^1 75
Old Roosters'. ea..50@60 Pigeons, pair 50(360
Fryers, each 65@75 Rabbits, pair 40®—
Broilers, each 35@50 Hare, each .—^30
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 15@1S Round Steak 10©—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak 12%4T—
Do. good 10®— Tenderloin, do 15#—
Corned Beef 10@— Porterhouse. do.l7%#20
Ham — @15 Smoked Beef 20@—
Jf-rd -©13 Pork, salt 10ei2^i
Mutton — <@12 Pork Chops 15@1S
Lamb — ®13 Pork Sausages.. 12%@15
Pork, fresh 15<S?-lveal .... T!tf..... .. US-
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds 15@20 Lemons, doz 15023
Apples 8@12 Raspberries, bskt.— @—
Bananas. doz..-12%«25 Raisins, per lb... 5@13
Blackberries, bsk. — ®23 Strawberries, per
Cherries, per lb...lo«?30 drawer 23©6O
Oranges, doz ,...15#35 Walnuts, per lb.. .15020
Limes, per do2..12@15
Vegetables —
Asparagus, per lb. 5© 8 Okra, dried, lb...— C35
Artichokes, doz...25«^40 Peppers, per lb.. .20050
Beets, doz 10#— Potatoes, per lt> 2%®—
Beans. white. Ib.l2%@— New. do .... 3@ 4
Colored, per lb..l0®— Rhubarb, per lb.. 5*a—
Dried Lima, lb.. 8@ 8 Sweet Potatoes.lb 30—
Cabbage, each 5®— Parsnips per dz.10^—
Cauliflowers, each 5@— iRadishes,dz bchs.l5@2O
Celery, head 5®— Sage, doz bnchs..25@SO
Cress, doz bnchs.l5@20 String Beans lb..lO@15
Cucumbers,dz.35c<g;$l 25 Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, lb 20®25 per lb 1C@15
Green Peas, lb 4© 5 Sprouts, per lb — <&—
Lettuce, per doz..l5@20 Spinach, per lb... 5©—
Onions, per lb.... i@ 6 Thyme, doz bchs.25®30
New Onions — ® 3|Tumlpa. per doz..l<>@—
Green, dz bnchs..l5«?20 Tomatoes, per lb.10015
Leeks, dz bnchs..l5@20j
Fish—
Barracuda 12%®— Striped Bass.. ..12%©—
Carp 8@— Sea Bass — ®—
Catfish 8@— Smelts 150—
Codfish 12^15 Soles 12%®—
Flounders 8®10 Skates, each .... S@l0
Halibut 10«rl5 Squid 12%@—
Herring — ©— Tomcod — @10
Mackerel —&¦— Turbot — @—
Do. horse-. 15®20 Trout 40ft—
Perch 11X820 Whltefish 10<^-
Pompino .....500— Clams, gallon ,...50@—
Rockflsh 15@>— Do. hardshell, lb 8«310
Salmon, fresh ..12%®15 Crabs, each 15@20
Do, smoked ....15@40[Mussel3 quart.... 6@19
Shrimps —6— Oysters. Cal. 10O..40@5O
Shad 8@10l Do, Eastern, dz.C5.340
.
CHICAGO, May 3.— The wild course of prices
for May corn had "little to" do with gen
eral market conditions. Its manipulated con
dition was more than ever apparent. The
July delivery was comparatively as placid as
a summer sea, but it was at least an Index
to corn values when all the product In. sight is
not in the hands of one man. But the May op
tion was the center of attraction. Shorts were
panic stricken • and bid the market up m tre
mendous leaps from 55c to '56c at the opening
to f8c compared with yesterday's close at 53%c.
Phillips, who. controls the market; sold 800,000
bushels to shorts between 56c and . 58c. Tail
ing longs, fearing that their leader was about
to unload, dumped their lines into the pit and
the maiket broke. to 53c before it was realized
that Fhillips was not yet prepared to loose
his hold.. H«; sold nothing under 66c, at least
not openly, and the market reacted and closed
2c higher at 55%c. •¦ July opened strong and en
joyed a general demand for a time, but liberal
realizing caused a decline. Part of this" was
recoveied later in anticipation of wet weather
West. July , closed . a shade higher at 47%c.
-The wheat trade was fairly active, but the
strength with which the market started .under
the -influence -of light /Argentine shipments and
firm cables -fail s to hold. -July opened %c to
%c higher at 74%c to 74%c under a heavy. local
demand. -Southwestern people, apparently con
vinced , that ¦ the crop „ has , a > glowing : future
ahead of it, despite allegations of damage from
bugs, lice 'and Dies, started the selling, iwhlch
later became quite general among local people.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK, May 3.— Trading in the mar
ket for evaporated apples was confined chiefly
to meeting immediate . requirements. State
common, 3@4c; prime, 4%@4%c; choice, 5@5%c;
fancy, 6<g/6%c. ¦ ' ¦
California dried fruits unchanged, at 3%@7c
per pound for prunes, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark. 8%@
13c. . - •
PEACHES— Peeled, 12%@20c; unpeeled, 5%@
10c. ¦
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Quiet.' - .- ;,./-,
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 3%@
3 13-16c; centrifugal, 98 test, 4%c. Molasses su
gar, S%@3 9-lCc. " -¦¦-
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, market- dull; Cordova, 8%@12c. Futures
closed Quiet, net 10 points lower. Sales in
cluded: June, 5.40c; August. 5.60c; September,
5.60@5.65; October, 6.70c; December, 5.85@5.90c;
Ma'rch 6.05c.
«. BUTTER— Receipts, 4300. Firm; creamery, lo
@19c: factory, ll@13%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 13,348 /packages. Steady;
Western regular packed, 12%@13%c; • storage,
13%@14c; Southern, ll@12c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 33,250 bushels; exports,
24.289 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 84%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red. 81%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, S9%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, 92%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options, after opening firm and active on
cables and a jump in corn, turned weak, de
clining under active liquidation. Improved crop
news a late break in corn and bear pounding.
Closed weak, %@%c net decline. May, 81%@
82c, closed SU'sc; July, 79 l-16@80V4c closed 79%c;
September, 77%@78%c, closed 77%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
NEW YORK, May 8.— FLOUR— Receipts, 13,
390 barrels; exports, 11,640 barrels. Unsettled
and 16wer to sell.
Nezo York Grain and Produce.
Wheat also attained a high point, advancing
in sympathy with corn. According to corre
spondents of R. G. Dun & Co. there is reason
to expect a heavy Bpring wheat crop this
year. In the principal States a full acreage
lias been planted and the . weather is most
favorable for Termination. On the Pacific
Coast and in other domestic spring wheat sec
tions, as well as in Manitoba, a larger area
than usual is devoted to raising wheat this
The marvelously healthy condition of busi
ness Is best appreciated when it is discovered
that the defaults last month were the small
est in ninety-one months, with the exception
of May to August, 1899, Inclusive. In manu
facturing lines there were but 163 failures,
with a total indebtedness of $1,997,694. against
178 last year for $4,514,003. As 1899 reported the
smallest failures of anv year in two decades,
last month's good showing is made manifest
by default in manufacturing concerns $777,975
smaller than two years ago. Trading failures
were 555, for $3,169,823, and banking defaults
were $529,000. . .
Further advances were scored in the cereal
market," Chicago speculators being forced to
cover May corn contracts at 55c. Attractive
prices brought more liberal receipts at interior
cities and also stimulated operations on the
farm, traders having forced the next crop
options .to what seems an unreasonable level,
since there is evidence of a large yield, de
spite delayed planting through excessive mois
ture.
There is no improvements in woolens and
Coates Brothers' average of 100 quotations of
wool on May 1 was 17.71c, against 11.99c on
April 1, and 22.76c a year agro. Small conces
sions are reported in a few grades of shoes.
Western jobbers are ordering more freely and
shipments from Eastern shops are larger than
in the previous week or a year ago. Leather
is quiet, .aside from activity in belting:.
Dullness Is still reported In the textiles. A
further reduction to 2 15-16 cents for standard
print cloths did not accelerate sales, as
buyers appear confident that goods will soon
be available at 2%c . "'
Stability of prices and vigorous prosecution
of work at mills Indicate the wholesome po
sition of the iron and steel market. Through
cut the entire range of products of this in
dustry the current demand for immediate de
livery exceeds all previous records, yet makers
maintain a conservative position and prices
are not pushed up to the danger point. It is
in the finishing steel plants that there Is the
greatest urgency for shipments and full ca
pacity la assured for the next three months.
After July there is a prospect of respite.
Judging by the light engagements of pigiron
and following the unparalleled activity of the
past six months, a season of comparative quiet
would not be surprising nor unwelcome. There
was a rush to get in orders for steel rails
before the higher prices became effective, and
the erection of new office buildings provides
a great demand for structural material, which
is also in considerable request on foreign . con
tracts.
The greatest activity ever seen In Wall
street diverts attention In a measure from
progress In distributing and manufacturing
operations. But while on every hand stock
market interests are counseling caution and
attempting to yrove that prices are really
more than the condition of some of our rail
roads warrant, the fact remains that, without
a brilliant crop outlook and a great activity
of general trade. Wall street could hold no
such carnival. Labor difficulties are fewer
and less threatening than for several years
before In the first week of May and prices of
merchandise hold well.
NEW .YORK, May 3.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly' Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
<150th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May S— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last 6ca«on, and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours:
Weather Report.
"Currants have not been advanced as yet as
a consequence of the higher market in Greece,
but tl>e market I* firmer. Some small holders
will not «1J at the prices they quoted several
days ago. If the country trade responds to the
advance thread with any marked increase in
order*, the leading holder will likely mark
quotations «:j>.
"Ilaisins are quiet. Sale of a car of Cali
fornia. 3-crotrn loo*e *ras reported at 5%c.
roast sjjvlces reported that the seventy-five
car* of 4-crown loose, reduced several days
ac» to 2%e f- o. b. California, have been dis
jioeed of to mince-meat men.
'•Apples ant firmer and more active. Sales
«f several cars of. prime were reported at 5%c.
Chop* *nd wtste Khow much more activity
also. The lower prices here have attracted
attention on the other side, and sales of a
considerable number of cars have been made
at quotations." ______
"The epot prune market advanced about %c
yesterday on the receipt of news that the rrice
of prunes on the coast had rone back to the
lc basis et the expiration of the tif teen-day
limit ««t for the reduction to 2c. Stocks here
ere aptin reported quite light and supplies
bow on the way arc stated not to be large.
Although some holders, it is understood, were
still selling- yesterday on practically the old
prices. >et the general talk is that the local
mariet is much stronger and some predict a
further advance cf from %@%e within a few I
davs. - The tires of which the scarcity is
greatest are 4«-50s. 60-70s and 90-lOOs. Fair j
lots of the latter sizes are stated to be on the
way. but few 40-50s. The report that four of
the coast's lurge packing companies had
bought 20.000,000 pounds of prunes from the
association at the 2c basis Just before the ex
l>iraUon of the fifteen-day limit excited wide I
Jrterert, «nd there was much anxiety as to 1
th* probable effect of the deal. Authentic de
tailed information, -however, was lacking.
MtU advices from New York say
Prunes in New York.
dosing was feverish and unsettled and the
undertone continued weak.
The preliminary figures of to-morrow's bank
statement indicate a gain in interior move
ment of less than $2,000,000 to offset the loss
to the sub- Treasury, which was reduced in
; to-day's statement by the payment of Govern
ment checks and bond redemptions to $4,715,000.
But the extent of the disturbances in the
money market to-day indicates that the avail
able surplus of the banks had been consider
ably impaired by the* great demand of the
stock market speculation as well as by this
indicated loss in cash of nearly $3,000,000. The
easier tone of the sterling exchange market
followed naturally from the sharp demand for
money, and there was no further engagement
of gold for export to-morrow.
Bonds gave way in sympathy with stocks,
but there was no great activity In the general
list. Total sales, $5,755,000.
United States 3s and 5s declined % and the
new 4s and refunding 2s %, and do coupon %
per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
434.600 Atchison b2%
164,200 Atchison prefd 101%
40.1C0 Baltimore & Ohio 110%
131,000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 93%
3.SUO Canadian Pacific '. 100
600 Canada Southern 72
60,L'00 Chesapeake & Ohio 49%
27.500 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 197%
2.400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 36%
600 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 71%
Chicago & Eastern Illinois ISO
500 Chicago & Northwestern 208
89,800 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 162%
5,100 Chicago Terminal & T 22
5.0C0 Chicago Terminal & T prefd 46
5,500 Chicago & Alton 45%
8,500 Chicago & Alton prefd; 80,
2,700 Chicago Great Western 23%
SCO Chicago Great Western prefd A 82
600 Chicago Great Western arefd B.... 51
400 C C C & St Louis 83
4.200 Colorado Southern 15
1,500 Colorado southern 1st prefd 63
300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 24%
2,200 Delaware & Hudson 175%
1,600 Delaware Lack & Western 217
16,200 Denver & Rio Grande 60
4,100 Denver & Rio Grande prefd :.. 5(6%
133,900 Erie 40%
3.2C0 Erie 1st prefd 70%
6,100 Erie 2d prefd 57
3,700 Great Northern- prefd 186
3,100 Hocking Valley 55%
2,200 Hocking Valley prefd 78%
11,400 Illinois Central 144
600 Iowa Central 30%
100 Iowa Central prefd 58
500 Lake- Erie & Western 63
Lake Erie & Western prefd 121
15.100 Louisville & Nashville ....10S
16,100 Manhattan L > 125%
11,000 Metropolitan Street Railway 171
11,500 Mexican Central 28%
3,900 Mexican National 11%
1.2G0 Minneapolis & St- Louis 86
94.S00 Missouri Pacific 110
13,100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 31%
12,500 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 64%
New Jersey Central 156
43,200 New York Central 161%
9,300 Norfolk & Western '. 64
500 Norfolk & Western prefd 89
E9.S00 Northern Pacific 109%
7,100 Northern Pacific prefd... 100%
15,100 Ontario & Western 36%
49,100 Pennsylvania, ex-div 151%
200 P C C & St L : 65
27,500 Reading , 42%
16.400 *Reading 1st prefd 77%
2.S00 Reading 2d prefd .'. 55%
9,100 St Louis & San Francisco 4S%
200 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 85
3.9C0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 63%
4,200 St Louis Southwestern 36%
6.4C0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 65*4
191.900 St Paul 177%
8.300 Et Paul prefd 194
109.3C0 Southern Pacific 54V4
33.600 Southern Railway 31%
4.200 Southern Railway prefd 85%
53,600 Texas & Pacific 48%
3.S00 Tol St L & W 18%
7,£00 Tol St L & W prefd ,. 36%
381,100 Union Pacific ." 122%
193,300 Union Pacific prefd 96%
3.MH) Wabash 21%
17,800 Wabash prefd 40%
3,300 Wheeling & Lake Erie ..:: 18%
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd..... 34
2.2C0 Wisconsin Central £.. 20%
700 Wisconsin Central prefdi 45
Exr-ress Companies — . --" V
Adams 160
100 American 198
200 United States 8S%
Wells Fargo .147%
Miscellaneous —
39,800 Amalgamated Copper ." 120
500 American Car & F 25%
L500 American Car & F prefd 78%
500 American Linseed 12%
500 American Linseed prefd -38
13,500 American Smelting & Refining 58
3,100 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96%
"llEOO American Tobacco 127%
7.1C0 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
17,600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84
COO Colorado Fuel & Iron 102%
8,100 Consolidated Gas 224%
21, 100 Continental Tobacco ." 47 V
3,£00 Continental Tobacco prefd 104
I.SCO Genera! Electric .227%
l,fi<)0 Glucose Surar 60
300 Hockins Coal 18
7,£00 International Power 87
7'jO International Pa»er 23
1,200 International Paper prefd.. 75%
EOO Laclede Gas 84
6.C00 National Biscuit .-. 43%
?00 National Lead ..«•.. 17%
400 National Salt f. 43%
2tO National Salt prefd 76%
£00 North American 8G%
Pacific Coast 60
1.2"0 Pacific M»t! :-#>
14,900 People's Gas 115%
2,100 Pressed Steel Car .'. 44%
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 84%
-100 Pullman Palace Car 208
3.200 Republic Iron & Steel .19%
1,500 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 75%
89.100 Sugar 140%
8.7C0 Tennessee Coal & Iron 64
300 Union Bag & P 13
200 Union Bag & P prefd 69
8.400 United States Leather 14%
4,400 United States Leather prefd 77%
1,200 United States Rubber ,..»... 21%
1,200 United States Rubber prefd. .]...'... 62%
162.700 United States Steel : 61%
97,600 United States Steel prefd. ...1 S9
47.6CC Western Union 95%
2,963,500 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 23' ref reg 106 N Y Cent lsts 107%
U S 2s ref coup...lC6 N J Cent gen 5s.. .132%
U S 3s reg 109% N Pacific 3s 72%
, U S 3s coup 109% N Pacific 4s ..105%
U S new 4s reg.. ..138% N Y C & S L 4s.lO6%
¦ U S new 4s coup..l3S% N & W con 4s.. ....101
U S old 4s reg 11S% Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4s coup.. .113% Or Nav 4s.... 104
U S 5s reg JC9% Or.: Short. Line 6s.. 128%
U S 5s coup 109% Or S Line, con 5s.ll6
Dist of Col 3.65s... 125 Reading Gen 4s.... 96%
Atehison pen 4s.. .102% R G W lsts... 101
Atchison adi 4s.... 96 St L & I M con 5s.Ho
Canada So 2ds 108% St L & S F gen 6s. 133
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO5% St Paul cons.. .....192
i Ches & Ohio 5s.. i .U9%.St P C & P lsts.. .118%
C &. NW con 7s...l40%|St P C & P 5s. ....120
C & NWSFdeb 3s.l21%So Pacific 4s: 93%
Chso Terminal 4s. 94%. 5o Railway 5s 116%
Colo Southern 4s... 88 Stand R & T 6s 60
1 D & R G 4s 102 Tex & Pac lsU.:..120%
Erie General 4s.... 87% Tex & Pac 2ds....l00
F W & D C lsts.. .109 Union Pacific 4s.. .105%
Gen Electric 5s 185% Waba*h lsts : 118
Iowa- Central lats.101 'Wabasfi 2ds .. 110
L & N.Uni 4s 103% West Shore 4s !ll4%
M K & T 2ds 82% Wls Cent lsts 90%
M K & T 4s. 91% Va Centuries 95%
" MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 22,Uttle Chief.!. 12
Alice 42 Ontario 8 00
Breece 1 30 Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con 18 Phoenix ........:.„. 08
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosl.. ............... 06
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage .; 12
I Dead wood Terra... . ' DO-SIerra Nevada... . .;. •» 27
DOMINION OF CANADA.
CALL BOARD SALES. . ." v^
Informal .Session— 9:15 " o'clock— December—
8000. ctls, 73%c •¦¦.";. ' . . ¦ ... . ,
Second Session— No sales. . , .'. '.: !
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
18,000 ctls, $1 05%; 2000. $1 05%; 2000, $l"05%.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, $105%;
4000 $1 05%. - ' •
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 00%. .
Afternoon. Session— December— 24,000 -v ctls,
$105%; 2oco,,$i05%. r. - .
BARLEY— The market has worked around
very firm again, 'and quotations have made
another advance. Stocks are so light that the
bearish • effect of the rain has completely dis
appeared. The demand is good, but holders
are disinclined i to sell. ¦ ¦
Feed. 80c for No. 1 and 77%c for oft grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, 82%@S7%c; Chev
alier, nominal. ¦ ¦ ''^SSOSS,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures wore
higher.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign' ad
vices, but the demand was moderate. Forty
thousand bushels were sold to Germany. Crop
advices on Oats were somewhat unfavorable.
Argentine shipments for the week were 920,000
bushels, against 2,S5G,000 for the same week
last year. Later on in the session the market
broke. Rain was predicted in > the West and
Southwest, and St. Louis started in to sell
heavily, throwing a good deal of. "Wheat on the
market. Another bearish factor was Snow's
report, showing a condition of 9L 4 per cent
for the whole wheat area, and 100 for Kansas,
this suggesting a winter wheat crop of large
size. The market dropped from 74Vic to 73c.
Minneapolis estimated a decrease of stocks for
the week of 450,000 bushels.
This market was dull and ¦ not materially
changed. - /
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 01%; milling, $1 03%
@1 C6V4-
The Nippon Maru took out a treasure list of
$168,706. consisting of $2519 in Mexican dollars,
$1053 In gold coin and $165,134 In silver bullion.
Silver was higher. - . * -
Sterling Exchange. 60 daytfc — „ $4 86
Sterling Exchange, Bight — . 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New. York Exchange, sight.... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — r 15
Silver, per ounce " — 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49% @ 60
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
LIVERPOOL, May 3.— WHEAT— Spot, firm:
No. 2 red Western, 6s; No. 1 Northern spring,
6s l%d; No. 1 California, 6s 2d. Futures,
steady: July, os ll%d; September. 6s ll?£d.
CORN — Spot, quiet; American mixed new and
old, 4s 9Ud. Futures," quiet;' May, nominal;
July, 4s l%d; September, 4s %d.
CLOSING.
PORTLAND, May . 3.— Clearings. $331,622;
balances, $37,5S7.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 3.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 3.— WHEAT — Quiet and un
changed; Bluestam, 60%c; Club, 68c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 3.— Consols, 94 13-16. Stiver,
27%d. French rentes, lOlf 60@101f 85c. Cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla.
29s 10%d; English country marKets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. May 3.— WHEAT— Firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2%d@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French country
markets, quiet and steady; weather in England,
fine.
COTTON— Upland, 4 7-16d.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, May 3.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,180 bales,
half of which were crossbreds. The demand
continued good. Home buyers Increased their
purchases while the Continent bought a small
quantity of the best grades. Fine merinos
were taken by America, some fine haired
bringing 5 per cent higher rates. .
London Wool Market.
CHICAGO. May 3.— Porter Bros. Co. sold
the first car of cherries in Chicago at the
following prices to-day. Tartarians, $1 45®
2 10; Chapmans, $1 70@2 20; Advance, $.1 23®
1 93; P. Guignas, $1 05«tl 89; Rockports, 75c@
$1 40; Marbrae,' $1 05: Belle de Orleans. 70c;
Black Heart, $1 35. 740 packages sold.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, May 3. — Cotton declined to-day
to nearly the level reached In March, July sell
ing off to 7.78c and the other near months pro
portionately. By midday a net decline of 6@11
points was apparent. The close was nervous
but steady, with prices net 2JT13 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 3.— Copper In London con
tinues its upward course.V prices to-day advanc
ing 12s 6d and being attributed to a good de
mand for that metal from America. and a bet
tor outlcok In statistics. The close here was
quiet, nominally unchanged, at $17 for Lake
and $16 62% for casting.
There was a slight gain la the price of tin
locally In sympathy with a rise of 10s abroad,
the latter said to be" due to a speculative
movement, but trading in both markets was
slow. The close was quiet, at $25 95@26 05.
Lead was without change either here or
abroad.
Piglron warrants, unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. May 3.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1500.
Generally steady. Good to prime steers, $5®
5 90; poor to medium, $3 95@4 90; stockers and
feeders, strong, $3@5; cows, $2 65^4 60; heifers,
$2 70@4 75; canners. $2@2 65; bulls. $2 75@3 40;
calves. $3 50@5 12%; Texas fed steers, $4 23®
6 40; Texas grass steers, $3 60@4; Texas bulls,
$2 7o@3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, ; 18,000; to-morrow,
16,000; estimated left over, 3500. Strong to 5c
higher. Top, $5 97%. Mixed and butchers',
$5 C5W5 95; good to choice heavy, $5 80®5 97%;
rough heavy, $5 65@5 75; light, $5 60@5 90; bulk
of Bales, $5 8005 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000. Sheep and lambs,
steady to slow, clipped lambs up to $4 65.
Good tQ choice wethers. $1 20®4 60: fair to
choice mixed, $4@4 23; Western sheep, $4 20@
4 50; Texas sheep, $4 25@4 50; native lambs,
$4 20@5 25; Western lambs, $4 50@5 25.
LIVERPOOL.
.Wheat— May. July. . Sept.
Opening 5 11% 5 11%
Closing 6 11% 8 11%
.:-,. paris.
Wheat— May. July- Aug.
Opening.... 19 10 19 SO
Closing 1925 19 95
Flour-
Opening 24 05 .24 95
Closing ..24 25" 25 15
Chicago Livestock Market.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-da-o- the butter
market was dull; creameries, 14@19c; dairy, 11
@16c. Cheese, 9%@llc. Eggs, ll%c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37.000 21.0C0
Wheat/ bushels 59,000 605,000
Corn, bushels 249,000 153,000
Oats, bushels 268,000 808,000
Rye, bushels 8,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 7,000 5,000
NEW YORK. May S.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at principal cities for the week ended
May 3. with the percentage i of increase and
decrease, as compared . with the corresponding
v/eek last year:
Cash o.uotations.were as follows: Flour, mod
erate; No. 3 spring wheat, 71V,@73c; No. 2 red,
73@74%c; No. 2 corn. 64%@55c; No. 2 yellow,
65c; No. 2 oats, 29@29%c; No. 2 white, 29&c: No.
3 white, 28@2S%c; No. 2 rye, 53%(S54c; good feed
ing barley, 61@55c; fair to choice malting, 56®
59c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 6S%; No. 1 Northwestern.
$168%; prime timothy seed. $2 75@3 25; mess
pork, per bbl. $15)@15 15; lard, per 100 lbs. $8 62%
@8 75: short-rib sides (loose), $8@8 20; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6-5{@7%c: short clear sides
(boxed), $8 25@8 37; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 28. •
row will say: The sanguine feeling as to
trade and speculation finds reflection in the
enormous activity and stock speculation,
which has attracted much money from the
usual commercial channels and expanded
clearings to unheard of totals.
Warm, sunny weather is helping retail trade
in the cities and is likewise affording the
farmers favorable opportunity to | complete
crop planting. General business, the country
over, must be classed aa- satisfactory. The
Iron and steel trades, though reporting some
what of. a lull in the cruder forms, .continue
to furnish the best reports, while the textile
Industries return the least favorable accounts.
Wool la quiet, mills buying only to, fill im
mediate wants. There is more movement at
the -West and on the Pacific Coast, however.
London prices are higher • for finer merino
grades and lower for cross-breds.
The crop situation at present Is quite encour
aging. Warm, sunny weather is helping corn
and cotton and wheat maintains a generally
good condition, notwithstanding reports of dam
age by Insects In the Southwest. Grain plant-
Ing is almost finished In the Northwest and
liberal rains In California have helped the
situation theere.
Iron trade production naturally appears to
be catching up with demands in the cruder
forms. Bessemer pisiron is 23 cents lower this
week and sales have been made of Southern
pig 60 cents below the asking price of some
weeks ago,/ although Birmingham reports
schedules arlhered to. Other metals are quite
steady, except as • to tin, which is slightly
lower on the week.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 5,100,763 bushels, against 4,
2S2.129 bushels last week. 4,637,033 bushels in
the corresponding week of 1900, 3.484.0S1 bush
els In 1899 and 2,923,775 in 1893.
From July 1 to date this season wheat ex
ports are 176,916,238. bushels against 166.035,802
bushels last season, and 201,195,468 In 189S-99.
Failures for the week number 163. as com
pared with 214 last week. 173 In this week a
year ago. 164 in 1899 and 240 In 1838. Canadian
failures In April numbered 103. the same num
ber-as a year ago, but liabilities aggregated
only $790,385, a decrease of 20 per cent from
1900. 7
«•- *
NEW YORK. May 3.— Bradstreet's to-mor-
Silver higher. Shipment of $163,706 in specie to China.
Barley higher again, with light stocks.
Wheat dull and unchanged. Rye very quiet. ¦> ¦
Oats and Corn very firm, but dull. *~
Hay in lighter receipt and steady. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans. River Potatoes still higher.
Butter and Eggs in free supply and the latter weak.
Good Poultry sells off fairly at steady prices.
Cherries and Strawberries still shozv the effects of the rain.
Five cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Lemons and Limes quiet and in ample supply.
Almost all Dried Fruits firm and in good demand.
Seeded Raisins continue to sell well. •
Provisions quiet at previous prices.
Hogs a fraction lower. Other Meats unchanged.
Sugar stocks continue active at declining prices.
Oil stocks rule dull, with fair sales.
Currants appeared in market.
Sugar marked up.
Bradstreefs on Trade.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 55
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 70
.Leadville Con.- 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . West End 98
Call loans 3%@4% Westinehouse El... 64
Time loans 4 @4% Bonds—
Stocks— . N E Gas&Coke 5s. 65%
A T & S F S2% Mlnlns Shares
! A T-&.S F prefd.,104% Adventure ......... 17%
, Am Sugar prefd.,122 Blnjrham Min Co.. 25
Bell Telephone 173% Amalg Copper. 120
Boston & Albany. .263 Atlantic 34
Boston Elevated... 180 Boston & Mont.. ..440
Boston & Maine.. .W8 Butte & Boston... 112
Chgo, Bur & Q.... 197% Calumet & Hecla.825
Dominion Coal 36 Centennial 31 •
Dom Coal prefd...H4% Franklin 18%
FUchburgr prefd...l47 Humboldt 25
General Electric. .227 Osceola 90
Ed .Elec III 240 Parrot 54%
Mich Telephone.... 62 Qulncy 177
N E Gas & Coke. 11% Santa Fe Copper.. 8
Old Colony 210 (Tamarack 333
Old Dominion 33% [Utah Mining 32%
Rubber 22% Wlnona :.....•. 4
Union Pacific 123 iWolverlnes 60
# '¦ — "¦ *
Articles-
Wheat No. 2— Open. High. Low. Close.
May 73% 74 72% 73
July 74% 74% 73 73%
¦ Corn No. 2—
May 57 68 63 65V4
July 47% 47H 46tf 47 %
September 47Vs *'% ' « 47%
Oats No. 2 —
May .". 29% 29T4 28H 29
July 2714 27% 26% 26%
September 25% 25% 25% 25%
Hess Pork, per bbl— ¦ •
May 15 22^4 15 221,4 14 97% 14 97%
July 15 27V4 15 30 15 02% 15 07%
Lard, per ICO lbs^ —
May 8 12% 8 12% 8 00 8 00
July 8 05 8 05 7 95 7 97%
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
May 8 17% 8 17% 8 12% 8 12%
July -^ 02% 8 02% 7 92% 7 92%
September 7 97% 7 97% 7 87% 7 90
I HIDES AND SKINS^-Culls and brands sell
about l ] 4c - under . quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers,: 10c; medium. 9c; light. SG-S'sc; Cow
Hides. 8&c for heavy and 8%c for llg»t; Stags,
The market continues quiet at previous pHcm
CURED MEATS — Bacon. . 12c per lb for
heavy. 12%@13c for light medium. 13U C for
light. 14V4c for extra light and li^c for suirarf
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13 O - M«a
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50-' Faru
ily, $13 60; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear
$23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb
LARD-Tierces quoted at 6%c per'lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrel3
pure. 10%c: 10-lb tins.ll%c: 5-lb tins, rutT
. COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c- taree
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces
8>Ac; flve tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Provisions.
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c; 40-50s. 6%c; 50-60s 4\ie
60-70s, 8%c; 70-80s. 3%c; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs*
2y 4 c; 100-120S. 1%C wiw*.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, uj.
standard, 10c: prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per
lb; choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes
6%c; 4-crown. 7c;. 3-crown. 6%c; 2-crown. 6c'
Pacific brand— 2-crown. 6c: 3-crown. 6%c, and
4-crown. 5%c: seeded (Fresno prices). s«c-
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box- 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters. $2: Dehesa, $2 50-
Imperial. $3. All prices t . o. b. at common
shipping points in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 10@ll C ; No
2, 7%®8c; No. 1 hardshell 10c; No. 2. 6@7c-
Almonds. 13@14c for papersheli. 10@lic for soft
shell and 5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts. 5@6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts ll@u^ c; Filberts!
12@12M:c: Pecans, llfljc; Cocoanuta. $3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13'A®14c for bright and ru
@13c for light amber; water white extracted
7@7%c; light amber, extracted. 5@6c; dark."4iJ
Be per lb. ¦
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
FRUITS — Apricots, 6@7%c for Royals'
Evaporated Apples. 4@6c; sun-dried, l%@2c-
Peaches, 3Vi334c for standard, 4<4©3J-ic for
choice and 6®6Uc for fancy; Pears! 2@7c-
Plums, pitted, 3%@5c; unpltted. l@l%c; Nec
tarines. 4®4V4c for red and 4@5c for white
Previous prices rule. There Is a continued
demand for Apples, Apricots and Peaches at
firm quotations. Prunes are very firm In the
East, with expectations of an advance, as will
be seen, in the first column. Seeded Raisins
continue to meet with a good demand.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Receipts of Cherries continue to Increase and
the market continues to .decline. Most of the
arrivals are cracked by the rain.
Strawberries have again declined, and are
coming in muddy. |
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $l@190; choice do, 85c@
$1 50; standard do, 65c@$l 10; Mediterranean
Sweets, 55c@$l 15.
Limes are quiet and easy, -with liberal sup
plies, and the same may be said of Lemons.
The Orange market Is moderately supplied and
steady.
The first Currants of the season came In from
¦ Sam Rogers. San Leandro. selling at $2 oOT per
box. Only one box came in.
DECIIUTOUS FRUITS
CHERRIES—Receipts were 15C0 boxes, selling
at 50c@$l per box for red and 75c@$l 25 for dark.
v STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@6 for large berries. Receipts
were 202 chests.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2;
Seedlings. 7oc@$l; Tangerines. 75c® $1 25; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for common and $1 E0@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit, 60c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 50; Bananas. $1 25@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu -
Pineapples, $1 50@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice.
8%c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10%c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White. 15c; mixed
colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected. 13%c; standard.
13c; seconds. .
Dairy — Extras. 16c; firsts. 15c; seconds ;
store, 12%c.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
BUTTER— Creamery. 17@17%c per lb for fancy
and 16%c for seconds; dairy, 14@16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 10@10%c; old.
9@9^c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 13@16c for good to fancy;
store, 13@14>£c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Receipts were 54,600 sounds and 117 tubs of
Butter, 1548 cases Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 23.8C0 pounds California Cheese and —
pounds Eastern Cheese.
The weakness In Eggs continues, and the
tendency of the market Is downward. There
are too many here for the demand at the mo
ment.
Cheese is weak with free receipts.
The situation In Butter remains about the
same. If anything, stocks are larger' again,
and would be excessive were It not . for the
packing and storing of the surplus. Quotations
show no change.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@llc for Gobblers
and ll@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 2S@1 50;
Goslings. $2 23fj2 50; Ducks, $4@5 for old and
$5 50@6 50 for young; Hens. $4@5 50; young
Roosters, $7@8; old Roosters. $4®4 50; Fryers.
$5 50®6 50; Broilers. $-1 50©5 for large and $2 250
3 60 for small; Pigeons. $1 23@l-75 per dozen for
old and $1 50-92 60 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 60 for Cot
tontail and 75c@$X for Brush.
There was little change In Poultry yesterday,
good stock selling off well at about the prices
of the preceding day. 1
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 60ci@i$l 50 per box;
Asparagus, $1 85*92 for fancy, $1 25@1 75 per box
for No. 1 and 75c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas. 83c
@$1 25 per sack; Garden Peas, 2c per lb; String
Beans, 5@8c for Los Angeles and 5@10c for Va
caville; Horse Beans, 40@65c per sack; Cabbage,
9Cc@$l per ctl: Tomatoes. Mexican. $1 23111 50
per crate; from Los Angeles. $125@175: Dried
Peppers, 12@lSc; Dry Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots,
25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. 40@90c
per dozen; Garlic. 10@15c per lb: Green Peppers,
12%@15c per lb; Egg Plant, 20c per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions. 50c@$l 25 per sack;
Australians, Jobbing, at $4@5; Green Onions, 50
@65c per box; New Red, $1 50@l 75 per sack.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 75c@U; Burbanks.
$1@1 40 for River and $1 50@l 70 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, $1 50; Sweets, 65@73c for Merced;
New Potatoes, 2@2%o per lb.
Receipts were 739 boxe3 Asparagus, 534 boxes
Rhubarb. 1C94 sacks Bay Peas, 170 sacks String
Beans and 736 sacks New Potatoes. •
Vegetables are about the same. String Beans
are weak and declining under Increasing re
ceipts.
River Potatoes have again advanced, selling
at the too figure. Early Rose are now being
taken .for table use, owing to the scarcity In
the other kinds. Oregon descriptions show no
further changes worthy of note.
Australian Onions are jobbing at a further
advance, while new red are slightly lower.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 60@3; Canary, 3%@
3%e for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. t&
2%c; Hemp. 3%c; Timothy. 6%c
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. $2@2 50; Green. $2 709
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS-Bayos, |2 50@3 70; Small White. 14 85
@5: Large White, $4@4 20: Pink, $1 60@l S5;
Red. .$3@3 25; Blackeye. $2 75@3; Llmas. $6 25
@6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney. $4 50 per ctl.
There are no further change* In the Bean
market. White kinds are quoted very firm.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25#26; jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18: Corn Meal.
$28 60027; Cracked Corn, $27®2S; Mixed Feed.
$15@16. "
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat, $U@13: Wheat
and Oat. $9@12; Oat. $9@11 50: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 60; Barley. $7 50®» 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Hay Is rather steadier under lighter receipts
and a good demand, but prices are unchanged.
Feedstuffs stand as before.
BRAN— $16 50@17 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 4003 65,
usual. terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 30@3 40; Ore
gon, $2 6O@2 75 per barrel for family and $2 7a®
3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $3 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal. $2 ia:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 60; Hom
iny, $3 50®3 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 2a:
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina, J4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 10
®7 60; in sacks, $5 75@7 25; Pearl Barley. $a;
Split Peas. $5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. «,«„.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73%c,
8000. 73%c. ! ._ „., j,
OATS— Dull and unchanged. "White. II 37%«
1 60: Surprise, nominal: Red. $1 32%® 1 4a.
Black. U rtVt<fll TT¥t per cU. „ .,
CORN— All kinds are quoted at $1 »0 per ctl.
RYE-S0@82%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at ?1 «5 per ctl, ex
warehouse.
who bought i earlier or during the past few
days. ' The bears joined In the movement and
as -a result the market slumped to 72 7 4@73c
and closed weak, %@3ic lower, at 73%@73%c.
Oats were active, but seemed to be more In
clined to- sympathize with other grains than to
follow an independent course. May closed He
lower at 29c;. July closed %c lower, at 26%c.
Provisions evened steady, > but declined on
liberal offerings, mostly In the way of realiz
ing. > July pork closed 27%c lower, lard 10c
down and ribs 7%c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Flovr. qr sks ... 22,090 Lime, bbls 273
Wheat, ctls 10,450 Tallow, ctls 238
Barley, ctls 4,100 Sugar, ctls 250
Potatoes, sks .... 3,263 Pelts, bdls 177
Onions, sks 4S7 Hides, No 732
Bran, sks 941 Raisins, bxs .... 1,800
Middlings, sks... 200 Leather, rolls .. 190
Hay. tons 236 Wine, gals 60,200
Wool, bales 676 Brandy, gals .... 3,800
Broomcorn, bdla. 2
FOB FRIDAY, MAT S.
Receipts of Produce.
Hogs are a fraction lower, as the local pack
ers say that they are filling their wants at 6%c
Other meats are unchanged.
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8e; small, 8(39e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@S%c; Ewes. 7%©Sc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 9@9%e per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 614c;
ISO to 225 lbs, 6%@8%c: 225 and over. 636*ic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs. 8%@9%c
San Francisco Meat Market.
BAGS San Quentin Sags. $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7o; local make. He less than Cal
cuttaa; Wool Bags, 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7%@8c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington. J9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 In bulk andJ13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel $10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
117* in sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 2CC0 pounds and $3 50 per ton. accord-
Ing to brand. ,,^ , 4 . .
Harrison's circular says: During the week
there have been seven coal arrivals from Wash
ington, 13.406 tons, two from Oregon. 1430 tons;
one from British Columbia. 3100 tons; five from
Australia, 13,612 tons; total. 33,548 tons. Th»
above are the largest weekly deliveries we hav»
had for some time, although there has been
but one cargo from British Columbia. Th» coal
shipments for last month were 30 per cent les»
than April of last year, showing conclusively
that fuel oil is asserting Itself very pro
nouncedly. Prices are well sustained for the
moment, although a number of our heaviest
coal consumers have been contracting for oil as
their future fuel. This conclusion has been ar
rived at after critical calculations, and to in
su»e the receipt of their full requirements they
have purchased all they may need for tha next
one or two years from responsible venders. The
selling price leaves a very meager margin for
profit after deducting pipe line charges and
transportation. In fact, as the business Is now
regulated the consumer occupies a much mor«
preferable position than the well owner. Som«
radical modifications must be Inaugurated, or
oil prospecting will markedly diminish, except
In such localities where the product can reach
a market by water, instead of by rail. The lat»
very seasonable rainfall should Improve outward
grain freights, and tend to depress Inward coal
freights from Australian and English ports.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, $130; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
75c- raw, 73c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c: cases. 85c: China.
Nut, 55@65c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 63c; cases. 70c; Sperm s pure. 65c: Wljal*
Oil. natural white. 37%@42o per gallon; Fish
Oil. In barrels, 33c; cases, 40c.
COAL. OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21o;
deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c: In cases.
21c: Benzine. In bulk, 14c: In cases, 20c: 86-de
gree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c; in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 53c per gallon In cases and
49c In drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— Prices are higher. The western
Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb. In 100
lb bass:
Crushed. 8.23c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c: Dry Granulated. S.75c: Confec
tioners* A. 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. 5.80c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c: Extra C. 5.23c; Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes,
50c more: 50- lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
lnos. half -barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
General Merchandise.
GU,c- Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9c; Saltetf
Caff 10©; Dry Hides. 16c; Culla. l3%@14c; Dr?
Kip' 16c; Dry Calfl 16®17c: Culls and Brands.
13©14c; Sheepskins. - shearlings, 15@£>c each;
short "Wool 30#45c each; medium, 60<370c; long
Wool 90c(PSl each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for
large' and $2@2 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 tor
large $1 25 for mediumr $1 for small and 50o
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
33c- fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thia
skins 20c . Goatskins — Prime Angoras. 73c;
large and smooth, 50c: medium, S5c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%c per lb; No. t,
ZWMc; grease. 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt an*
Mendocino. 15@16c per lb; Northern, free. 12^
13c- defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free. w<$
11- 'do defective, S@10c; Sotithern, 12 month3,
SS3c- Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do. de
fective 7 months. 7«Sc; Oregon Valley, fine, 13
<316c- do, medium and coarse. 14@15e; Oregon,
Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do. fair to good. 9@llc;
Nevada, 10@12c.
HOPS— 15©20c per llx
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, MAY 4, 1901.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
to bear this out. At the same time the de
clines had the appearance of constituting what
1b ..tensed", a healthy reaction. Though it is
customary for Wall street to argue that a
boom like the present one will not last, there
seems in this case to be an absence^of posi
tively unfavorable factors. The street and the
market . certainly disregarded the gold ship
ments, which for this week amounted to $3,
<o0,C00. and which point to the probability of
nn unfavorable bank statement. Fully $50.
000,000 of the new British consols have been
awarded to this country, . and a considerable
amount of gold will undoubtedly be required.
It may. be noted that the London market Is
taklnE great interest in the boom here, and
ha^, in fact, shared in it to the extent; of buy
ing considerable amounts of , United States
Steel stocks.
«• : ... : -#
Bank Clearings.
Dun's Reviezv of Trade.
Family Retail Market
10
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
CITIES.
Clearings.
I, — Per «
Inc. I
:ent—
Dec.
New York.'.
Boston
Chicago
Philadelphia
St. Louis
Pittsburg
Baltimore
San Francisco.......
Cincinnati
Kansas City
New Orleans
Minneapolis
Detroit
Cleveland
Louisville
Providence
Milwaukee
St. Paul
Buffalo
Omaha
Indianapolis
Columbus, O
Youngstown, O
Savannah
Denver
Hartford
Richmond
Memphis
Washington
Peoria
Rochester
New Haven
Worcester
Atlanta
Salt Lake City
Springfield, Mass....
Fort Worth
Portland. Me
Portland, Or
St. Joseph i
Los Ang-eles
Norfolk
Syracuse
Des Molnes
Nashville
WJlmingrton, Del
Fall River
Scranton
Grand Rapids '
Augusta, 6a
Lowell
Dayton, O
Seattle
Tacoma
SpQkane
Sioux City
New Bedford....
KnoxviUe, Tenn
Topeka
Birmingham
Wichita
Blnghamton
Lexington, Ky
Jacksonville, Fla...
Kalamazoo
Akron
Chattanooga
Rockford. Ill
Canton. O ,
Springfield, O
Farpo, N. D
Sioux Falls. S. D...
Fremont, Neb
Davenport
Toledo
Galveston
Houston "..
Little Rock
Macon .-»
Helena
Jacksonville, 111
Bloomington ........
Chester. Pa
Wheeling
Colorado Springs....
Springfield. Ill
Evans ville
12,238,478,739
167,060.743
160,912.228
116,435,876
43.632,615
48.84S.668
25,204,839
25,190,717
19*125,700
17,045, 04S
10,438,254
10,045,775
9,189,616
12,553,317
9,544.265
7.4S3.100
6,035,407
5,791,246
5.831,204
6,606,672
6,391.239
6,902,500
412,995
3,440.901 !
3,504,942
2,706,447
* 4,716,360
2.663,334
3.059,020
2,516,249
2,07S,764
1.E35.6S5
1,813,427
1.578,859
2.7S1.640
1.4S8.753
2,372,048
1,425.563
1,932 7'2
4.7SH.15S
3,357.708
1.745,155
1.228.041
1,475.226
1.483,510
1,027.875
792,702
1,601.718
1,780,147
1,345,993
700,312
1.348.866
2.123,891
1,186,961
915,143
1,609.934
434,672
570.237
879,741
893,335
673,021
334,500
4S9.859
241.995
404,152
68S.30O
422,155
304,062
340.000
264,804
248,950
201,270
164,853
S63.45O
2,191.193
7.16G.OO0
9.05S.959
57S.934
563,000
434.168
168,195
224.424
324,749
621,148
600,424
- 217.145
. 690,846
$3,033,409,878
93.2
17.7
14.2
16.5
37.9
39.3
....
....
....
•V.
••-
17.1
21.4
9.1
24.0
i!o
....
....
..,.
9.9
26.2
7.4
6.6
3L6
,...,.
....
.....
13.4
13.4
9.7
14.4
49.7
<!5.0
I "i.'i
.....
•••.
....
....
2o'.9
• 6.4.
10.2
194.0
1.3
24.1
11.7
27.4
11.7
2S.9
23.7
15.6
. 5.1
2.2
21.4
18.3
13.1
59.5
13.9
....
....
.....
....
....
....
....
....
....
....
.....
....
....
....
....
....
21.4
39.'6
31.4
10.2
61.4
30.1
ll.S
24.7
18.7
is!6
....
....
....
....
....
....
IG.'i
14.0
1.4
S1.9
13.1
16.7
"i.i
....
....
....
....
....
if."2
30 '. 2
• 4.9
41.0
2.9
3.0
35.4
ii'.i
....
....
....
11.7
71.7
42.6
8.4
4.9
29.5
i.z
....
....
....
....
....
12.1
5.8
1.8
12.0
25.1
4916
....
.....
•••-
V
....
29"o
....
Totals, U. S....
Totals outside New
York
64.5
794,931.139
16.0
I, — Per cent — >
Clearings. | Inc. I Dec.
CITIES.
Montreal J16.543.773 25.5
roronto 12,242.245 35.2
Winnipeg: 1,843.589 8.3
Halifax 1,504,559 11.9 ....
Hamilton 1,503,933 16.0
3t John. N. B .705,841 1.5 ....
Vancouver * 732,746 5.5
Victoria 4S2.567 12.8
Totals $35,058,423 25.4
Last | This Last
,24 Hours Season. Season
STATIONS
Eureka
Bed Bluff...,,
Pacramento ..
San Franclscc
Fresno ,
Indjper.denpe
fcan Luis Obi:
Los Angeles..
San iJieeo
45.83
24.21
19.52
20.51
11.0C
6. 85
S0.55
15.57
11.24
47.97
21.97
18.10
18.10
8.31
3.44
16.00
6.10
4.44
Last | This Last
,24 Hours Season. Season
STATIONS
Eureka
Bed Bluff...,,
Pacramento ..
San Franclscc
Fresno ,
Indjper.denpe
fcan Luis Obi:
Los Angeles..
San iJieeo
45.83
24.21
19.52
20.51
11.0C
6. 85
S0.55
15.57
11.24
47.97
21.97
18.10
18.10
8.31
3.44
16.00
6.10
4.44
CITIES.
Clearings.
I, — Per «
Inc. I
:ent—
Dec.
New York.'.
Boston
Chicago
Philadelphia
St. Louis
Pittsburg
Baltimore
San Francisco.......
Cincinnati
Kansas City
New Orleans
Minneapolis
Detroit
Cleveland
Louisville
Providence
Milwaukee
St. Paul
Buffalo
Omaha
Indianapolis
Columbus, O
Youngstown, O
Savannah
Denver
Hartford
Richmond
Memphis
Washington
Peoria
Rochester
New Haven
Worcester
Atlanta
Salt Lake City
Springfield, Mass....
Fort Worth
Portland. Me
Portland, Or
St. Joseph i
Los Ang-eles
Norfolk
Syracuse
Des Molnes
Nashville
WJlmingrton, Del
Fall River
Scranton
Grand Rapids '
Augusta, 6a
Lowell
Dayton, O
Seattle
Tacoma
SpQkane
Sioux City
New Bedford....
KnoxviUe, Tenn
Topeka
Birmingham
Wichita
Blnghamton
Lexington, Ky
Jacksonville, Fla...
Kalamazoo
Akron
Chattanooga
Rockford. Ill
Canton. O ,
Springfield, O
Farpo, N. D
Sioux Falls. S. D...
Fremont, Neb
Davenport
Toledo
Galveston
Houston "..
Little Rock
Macon .-»
Helena
Jacksonville, 111
Bloomington ........
Chester. Pa
Wheeling
Colorado Springs....
Springfield. Ill
Evans ville
12,238,478,739
167,060.743
160,912.228
116,435,876
43.632,615
48.84S.668
25,204,839
25,190,717
19*125,700
17,045, 04S
10,438,254
10,045,775
9,189,616
12,553,317
9,544.265
7.4S3.100
6,035,407
5,791,246
5.831,204
6,606,672
6,391.239
6,902,500
412,995
3,440.901 !
3,504,942
2,706,447
* 4,716,360
2.663,334
3.059,020
2,516,249
2,07S,764
1.E35.6S5
1,813,427
1.578,859
2.7S1.640
1.4S8.753
2,372,048
1,425.563
1,932 7'2
4.7SH.15S
3,357.708
1.745,155
1.228.041
1,475.226
1.483,510
1,027.875
792,702
1,601.718
1,780,147
1,345,993
700,312
1.348.866
2.123,891
1,186,961
915,143
1,609.934
434,672
570.237
879,741
893,335
673,021
334,500
4S9.859
241.995
404,152
68S.30O
422,155
304,062
340.000
264,804
248,950
201,270
164,853
S63.45O
2,191.193
7.16G.OO0
9.05S.959
57S.934
563,000
434.168
168,195
224.424
324,749
621,148
600,424
- 217.145
. 690,846
$3,033,409,878
93.2
17.7
14.2
16.5
37.9
39.3
....
....
....
•V.
••-
17.1
21.4
9.1
24.0
i!o
....
....
..,.
9.9
26.2
7.4
6.6
3L6
,...,.
....
.....
13.4
13.4
9.7
14.4
49.7
<!5.0
I "i.'i
.....
•••.
....
....
2o'.9
• 6.4.
10.2
194.0
1.3
24.1
11.7
27.4
11.7
2S.9
23.7
15.6
. 5.1
2.2
21.4
18.3
13.1
59.5
13.9
....
....
.....
....
....
....
....
....
....
....
.....
....
....
....
....
....
21.4
39.'6
31.4
10.2
61.4
30.1
ll.S
24.7
18.7
is!6
....
....
....
....
....
....
IG.'i
14.0
1.4
S1.9
13.1
16.7
"i.i
....
....
....
....
....
if."2
30 '. 2
• 4.9
41.0
2.9
3.0
35.4
ii'.i
....
....
....
11.7
71.7
42.6
8.4
4.9
29.5
i.z
....
....
....
....
....
12.1
5.8
1.8
12.0
25.1
4916
....
.....
•••-
V
....
29"o
....
Totals, U. S....
Totals outside New
York
64.5
794,931.139
16.0
I, — Per cent — >
Clearings. | Inc. I Dec.
CITIES.
Montreal J16.543.773 25.5
roronto 12,242.245 35.2
Winnipeg: 1,843.589 8.3
Halifax 1,504,559 11.9 ....
Hamilton 1,503,933 16.0
3t John. N. B .705,841 1.5 ....
Vancouver * 732,746 5.5
Victoria 4S2.567 12.8
Totals $35,058,423 25.4PERFORMANCE OF "THE MARSH KING"
A GREAT AND UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS
Presidio Saloons Given Grace.
At a meeting of the Police Commission
ers last night the question of closing the
saloons at the Presidio was 1 brought up.
The policy of attempting to run them on
the ¦¦ lines of an : army > canteen.- .was dis
cussed, but the Commissioners took no de
cided' action. ",The matter, was finallv laid
over' for one week. Officer Greeaan wa»
fined $10 for reporting late for duty, j •
Major Lewis Is Not Insane.
"Major" Edwin Lewis was examined iy
the Commissioners of Insanity, yesterday,
and declared sane, . notwithstanding tha
verdict of a trial jury . acquitting him of
a charge of forgery on the ground of his
insanity. . . - -. ¦ ' ' • • ¦
Lewis was- originally charged with the
crime af forging the name of Meyer Lewis
to a deed for-property on Jackson street.
His sanity having - been declared by tha
Commissioners he will once more ba com
pelled to, face Judge Lawlor and a jury.
Native Daughters' Memorial Service.
All arrangements have been completed
for the memorial service" to be held to
morrow in Native Sons* Hall by the local
parlors of the Native Daughters of the
Golden We3t In remembrance of -the mem
bers who .within the past year were sum
moned to eternal rest... In the past it had
been the practice of the parlors to observe
memorial day each in its own meeting:
place, but this year it was decided to hava
a joint service on a grand and most im
pressive scale. There will be music ap
propriate to the occasion, eulogies of the
dead and an oration. The hall will be
tastefully and .appropriately decorated.
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Mabel F.' Langtry from Frank M.
Langtry for cruelty, William D. Miller
from Marguerite Miller for desertion and
Clare Blalsdell from De Wight M. Blals
dellfor failure to provide.
' Bertha E. Rankln filed suit for divorce
yesterday against Charles E. Rankin, al
leging cruelty as cause of action.
Judge Hunt has ordered Dr. B. H. • Ban*
meister to pay his wife, Wilhelmlna Bau
meister, $75 a month alimony pending the
disposition of his action for divorce. Dr.
Kreutzman testified that Mrs. Baumeister
was ill and should be removed to a hos
pital. -The court then made the order, for
the payment of the alimony. • • .
Coleman Is Discharged.
¦ J. M. Coleman, the oil promoter from
Kern County, who was arrested Thurs
day for carrying a concealed weapon, had
the charge dismissed by Judge Mogan
yesterday. The only witness for the pros
ecution was Policeman Hooper, who made
the arrest. He said that he did not see
any revolver till Mrs. E. M. Smith, Cole
man's divorced wife, told him to search
Coleman, as he was always armed. Hoop
er searched him and found the revolver in
his pocket. The defendant, he said, went
peaceably with- him.
Coleman testified that in the decree of
divorce which he got from his wife she
was eiven the custody of the child till
she remarried. When she married Smith
and he found that she had taken the lit
tle girl from friends in San Jose, where
she had been cared for, he went to 928
Hyde street and demanded the child. He
is a traveler and always carried a revol
ver. He said that habeas corpus proceed
ings had already been - instituted to re
cover possession of the child.
LANDLADY BITTEN BY
A FEMALE ROOMER
Warrant Out for the Arrest of Hiss
Kenrose, a Singer, for
- Battery.
Mrs. Eleanor Hulse, who keeps a board
ing and rooming house at 305 Taylor
street, secured a warrant from Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of "Jane
Doe"- Kenrose- on the charge of battery.
She says that Miss Kenrose is a singer
and has appeared at several - places of
entertainment.- . .
Late Thursday night Mis3 Kenrose. v.-ho
had a room in her house, came home ac
companied by • a gentleman. Soon . they
were joined by two or three other gentle
men and they kept all the other roomers
in the house awake by singing and shout
ing. Mrs. Hulse went to Miss Kenrosc'3
room and expostulated with her. where
upon Miss Kenrose attacked her viciously
and bit a piece out of her right arm. She
screamed for help and some of the roora
ers came upon the scene, but none offered
to assist her. She had to plead with Misa
Kenrose before she ceased her attack.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M H Murray. Bkrsflld
M- Christensen, Cal
W G' Peters, S Rosa
W F Price. S Rosa '
C E" Jordan, Llvrmore
C F Whittler. Bkrsud
L Kemper, Butte
H H Schaffer, R Sosa
W S Perchy, Wash
L W. Billings, Chicago
J A» Bf ooks, Cal
E O Perkins, U S V
A F McPhall. Reno
Mrs A T Collier. Wash
Mrs T M Leonard, Neb
W H Worswick, Cal
J Smith. Fresno
Mrs W T Boyle, Chgo
K S Finn & w. Cal
L E Aubury, L'Angr
W P Magrane, Oaklnd
F Walker, Los Ang !
G A Whlteford, L Ang
S W Traylor. Denver
J Hukman, Hanford
F Hukman. : Hanford
Dr T AKeables. Cal
G Brigham & w, Bost
S J-Dougall, Boston
E C Howe & w, Cal
E Berwick, Monterey
F D Wetherby, Boston
S Williams & w. 111
Miss B Williams, 111
J Gardiner, Cal
J . McCudden. Vallejo
Miss McCudden, Valjo
J K. Mclntosh & w,
Ricnmond, Va ;
F Bachelor, N T
Miss L Mclntosh, Va
Miss A Mclntosh. Va
J L Depauli, Cal
H Gould, Denver
S T Peet. L03 Ang
W Alexander. Cal ,
H E Walker. Ft Bragg
T.Wilken, Chicago
H Kaler. Milwaukee
L W Krolin. Mllwauke
C A Hall. Florida
F J Herthel Jr. Bostn
A D Graham, Chgo
B M Fisher, Chicago
E J Randall, Martinez
F W Bush, Napa
Mrs J P McCarthy, Cal
Mrs ft W . Forrester,
Los Angeles
W Pike, Fresno
E Gilbert. Indianaplls
W Reed. Menlo
J B Keating. Redding
L M Hancock, Cal ,
C Moltzen & w. Cal"
E Derby. • Berkeley
M' F Roblnsan. L Ang
C B Wllber, Chicago
D Eldench, NT
T J Lancaster, Cal
F Booth, r Danville .
J M Pike, Modesto
E L Hlcka & w, Chgo
T E Thebreath. Cal
S S Holl, Sacto
Mrs A , S Hopkins, Sac
Mrs R D Stevens, Sac
Miss E Stevens, acto
PALACE HOTEL.
O Stevens, Sacto
E V Kaminskl. NT
S G Britten. Menlo
R R Davis & w, N T
Miss Davis, N Y
W S Carr. England
Lt Schron, DC -
C Loetcher, Dubuque
R O Marcom. U S N
E L Howe, Chicago
Mrs W Laurence. Colo
J O Simonton, Pa
L "W ¦ Morrison. ¦ N T
W L Cunningham. Mo
Mrs A B Steinbach. Or
Miss Steinbach. Or
N L Orme. New Tork .
Mrs H E Blood. N T
Miss M Gray, NT
J H Gray & w. N T
E F Carbray, NY
O Wellborn, Cal _"
T L Lillis. St Joseph
W J Murphy. Chicago
J W Sanborn, Mo
B P Brooks, Cal •
W A du Bols, NT
F Whlteslde. N X ""
J E Levl. New • Tork
T, Flint & w. Sn Juan
E R Pelz, Chicago
L J Rose Jr. Oxnarti
C H Hill. WIs
Mrs W F Boyle, 111
R H Dreyfuss, Utah
C L Rossiter, N T
Miss Rossiter, N T
Miss L. Rossiter. N T
H S Fletcher. Cal .
Mrs J P Graham, N T
A Graham, New Tork
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Mulron, Ingleaide
J A Parry, Vallejo
T Hill, Toronto
J Johnson, Arcata . •
Miss E P Dennis. Napa
L Llndermuth, La
E A Lecon, Boston
P Boukoy, Boston
"W Chinn, Cal
C "W Abernethy, NT
C Baker. Cincinnati
¦W- Goodrich; Denver
P A Beard, San Jose
E A Stone. Portland
G Agen.& w, S Rafael
J Haller, Petaluma
B T "Weale. TaranakI
H Partlngton.Taranakl
W Robinson & w, L A
"W. H. Lavigne, former proprietor of the
Horseshoe restaurant at 12 Grant avenue,
was up before Justice of the Peace Groez
inger yesterday, on an order of'examina
tion on a judgment obtained last ¦ Satur
day by John Powers for $137. The stay
of execution expired on Tuesday last. La
vlgne testified that he sold his place for
$500 on the evening of that day. When
asked what' had become .of the money,'
Lavigne replied that he had befit with
a stranger on Oscar Gardiner, who was
beaten by Terry McGovern at the pavil
ion on Tuesday night. He could not tell
the name of the man who the money.
Further" testimony developed the fact
that Lavigne had sold his restaurant to
an employe named John McRae. Judge
Groezinger remarked that "the sale had
all the earmarks of a. fraudulent trans
action, and. he thereupon gave H.
Perry, attorney for Powers, permission to
sue McRae as the holder • of Lavigne's
property. ' ¦___."' v '
NOVEL EXCUSE FOR NOT
PAYING A JTTDGMENT
The organization of the Steamship Man
agers' Association of San Francisco was
completed at a meeting. of the directors
yesterday afternoon by the election of R.
p. Schwerln as president; John D. Spreck
els, vice president; E. R. Dimond. treas
urer, and F. F.' Connor, agent of the Pan
ama Railroad , Company, secretary. . The
directors were elected on Thursday; when
the by-laws were adopted. They are 'John
D. Spreckels, R. P. Schwerin, C. M. Good
all, F. F. Connor and E. R: Dimond.
Steamship Managers' Association.
ROME, May 3.— Forty- thousand emi
grants,- according, to the I Fanfulla, are
booked to leave for the United States this
month. '' . - .
-LOS ANGELES, May, 3.— R. C. Caulson
of Dallas, Texas, attempted "suicide last
night by drinking carbolic add and turn
ing on the gas in his room at the United
States Hotel. He was unconscious when
discovered and. was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital this morning, but probably
will recover." ' •
Drinks Carbolic Acid.
LABOR ARMY
IS TO MARCH
Twenty -Five Thousand
Coal Miners Now
Preparing.
They Will Demand Favorable
Legislation in Penn
sylvania.
Scecial rHspatch to The Call.
SHAMOKIN. Pa., May 3.— President
John Fahy, Secretary George H3rtlein
and other prominent labor leaders of the
Ninth Anthracite District, "United .Mine
workers of America, arrived here to-duy
and 'are actively engaged in making ar
rangements for the marching- of at least
25,000 miners from the entire anthracite
coal field to Harrisburs to have certain
bills passed favorable to the laboring
classes.
President Fahy warned the legislators
yesterday that the march would occur. It
is proposed to assemble the miners next
week, when the marching host will start
from three points. The men between Ash
land and. Shamokin will move through
Treverton and Herndon to Millersburg.
where they will be joined by the march
ers from the Schuylkill and Luzerne dis
trict. The column will then move to
Harrisburg and by their earnestness im
press upon the Legislature the necessity
of having the new mining bills adopted
as laws.
Each man will carry a full dinner pail
and coffee bottle, and as It is expected
the march will not consume more than
three days the men will not go hungry,
as provisions will be donated along the
line by labor sympathizers. No riotous
demonstrations are anticipated. •
MINERS MAY NOT ' STRIKE.
Men in English Collieries Lack TJnan-
imity in Their Protest.
LONDON, May 3.— There were scores of
attempts at settlement to-day in the coal
districts and there was evidence of the
intense interest In the tax Question felt
by both miners and owners. But the re
sults of the conferences show that the
miners are by no means so unanimous as
expected ' in supporting a general strike.
Chairman Brigrgs of the joint conciliation,
board of the Yorkshire miners has Issued
a manifesto to the men to the effect that,
although he is strongly opposed to the
Impost, he considers it most unwise to
take such a . grave step as stopping th»
collieries. Several miners' councils have
issued similar advice to the men.
TWO THOUSAND MEN" AFFECTED.
Cast Selena Smelter Closes Doors
for an Indefinite
HELENA, May 3. — The East Helena
smelter has been closed for an Indefinite
period. All hope of compromise has been
abandoned. Directly and indirectly 2003
men are affected.
. The coal mines of the Northern Pacific
at Red Lodge, employing 500 men, and
those of Senator Clark at Bridger with a
force of 500. men, closed down last night
because of the strike agitation by out
siders.
Immense Factory Force Idle.
Da r TON, Ohio. May 3.— Two thousand
and three hundred employes of the Na
tional. Cash Register Company here are
idle as a result of a strike of molders in
the foundry department. The moldera
struck for reinstatement of four men who
had been discharged.
Seeclal Dispatch . to , The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, May 3.— John English,
a mechanic in the employ of the Webster
Iron- Works, who was supposed by his
fellow workmen to be "dead and buried,
appeared; before them yesterday and gave
them a \ fright which they will not soon
forget. , English, .who was popular at the.
works, was taken ill with pneumonia last
winter. He was reported dead a few days
later. The ' fact ' -was chronicled by the
local papers.' Friends of English viewed
a body at the morgue and reported the
mechanic's death at the iron works.
Those who had seen the : body at the
morgue were positive that it was all that
was mortal of John English. "Weeks
passed and English was forgotten in the
hurry and bustle of the big foundry until
the supposedly dead man walked Into the
works to ' greet his former companions. He
was emaciated and deathly pale, and
when he stepped through the door startled
workmen let their hammers fall and
gazed -in speechless j amazement. After
their astonishment had subsided explana
tions were in order.
English all these weeks had been in the
hospital.. He was very near death's door,
but never in the morgue. How'his friends
came to mistake another body for his he
cannot imagine, but he is certain that he
is English in the flesh- He- Is still very
weak, but will be able, to again resume
his duties in a short time.
Succeeds in Proving That the
. ' Wrong Man Was Laid
to Rest.
John English Reappears
Among Men "Who
Buried Him.
HUMAN WRAITH
SHOCKS TOILERS
Pardon for, a Murderer.
'"• SACRAMENTO, May 3.— Governor Gage
has issued a pardon to . Donati C. ; Pro'bas- i
co, 'who; is serving a term of twenty-one;
years J ffij San ' Quentln -, prison f or ; murder
of ; the second degree, ; committed in^ Sis
kiyoU' County \ in ' 1893. 'iThe • prisoner has
shown ; exemplary, conduct during, his \ im
prisonment, land saved; the: life of "Guard
McDonald when he was I attacked' by. Con
vict •' Oppenheimer,'- by j giving v warning ". to
another, guard ; that Oppenheimer j was at-:
tempting; to kill •; McDonald. :;. The pardon
was ;¦ granted < on ..the V recommendation of
Warden ¦ Aguirre and . the Board of Prison •
Directors.
CARRIED KNOCKOUT DROPS.— George
MitchPll. who was arrested after a struggle by
Corporal Egan and Policemen Freel and
O'Brien last Tuesday on Sacramento etreet,
¦we* convicted by Judge Conlan yesterday on
the charge of having- knockout drops In his
possession and was sentenced to elx months in
th« County Jail. -
RUN DOWN BY TRAIN
ON RAILWAY BRIDGE
Chinese Resident of Santa Cruz Loses
His Life in a Tragic '0!
Manner.
SANTA CRUZ, May 3.— Lem Sam, a
Ch-istianized Chinese, who has been a
resident of Santa Cruz many, years and
held menial positions in the homes of
some of the city's most aristocratic fam
ilieb. met a tragic death on the railroad
bridge across the mouth of ban Lorenzo
River While Lem Sam and Ah Fong
were "crossing the bridge a . freight train
came into sight. Ine Chinese started to
run, and as the train drew nearer Ah
Fong jumped thirty feet to the sand be
low escaping with a slightly injured back.
Lem Sam apparently became paralyzed
from fright and stood shaking in the cen
ter of the track. A brakeman from the
cowcatcher of the locomotive made a
heroic but ineffectual attempt to pick up.
the Chinese as the engine came upon him.
The cowcatcher struck. the Celestial and
ran over his left leg above the ankle. Lem
Sam then fell to the ground below, strik
ing on his head. His skull was fractured,
and he died soon afterward.
David Porter Eosenmiller.
LANCASTER, Pa., May 3.— David Por
ter Rosenmiller, formerly Mayor of this
city, died to-day of tetanus, the result of
a cancer. Rosenmiller entered the United
States navy in 1861, and was executive offi
cer of the sloop of war Essex, which blew
up the Confederate ram Arkansas. Ros
enmiller was a relative of Admiral Porter.
Consular Agent Gadd.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— Richard H.
Gadd, United States Consular Agent at
Port Limon, is dead from malarial fever.
He was a native of New York, - but ¦ had
epent a large part of his life in ihe tropics.
¦,:. : v;-.W.'J. Footner.
ST. PAUL, Minn. , May 4.— W. J. Foot
ner," vice president ' and general "manager
of the Great Northern Express Company,
died suddenly of apoplexy at 2 o'clock this
morning.-. >•_____
Mrs. Fenton. .t--,
* JAMESTOWN. N. Y., May 3.-Mrs. Fen-i
ton wife or former Governor and United '
states Senator Reuben Fenton,' died at
her home here to-day, aged about 75 years.
TWO SLIGHT WRECKS
ON THE SANTA FE
Passengers of the First and Second
Sections of the' Overland Get.
a Shaking.
BAKERSFIELD, f May 3.— Passengers
narrowly escaped serious injury to-day in
two wrecks on the Santa Fe. West-bound
overland No. 7 was In , two sections, both
of which were considerably delayed by ac
cidents. : The first j section, j which j was
about ten hours' late,'. ran'; into an open
switch as it was moving toward the depot
in this city at a high rate of speed.. The
road engine crashed Into the yard engine
and both were considerably wrecked. The
woodwork I arid steps "of three : of the
coaches. were badly splintered.'. Many of
the passengers, who were: looking out ,of
the car windows when the collision oc
curred,, were thrown from their seats by
the jar.! ' In two or three instances faces
were lacerated, -and one passenger had
one of his legs badly wrenched. He was
attended by a physician on the train. The
train was delayed here : about two hours
by the accident. :•• ' '.?.'.? . . - -
At about the same hour, section No. 2
got ; into .difficulty at Mojave. Engineer
Moran was trying to make that station
with a broken flange and was running un
der a light head of steam. As he- was
pulling into the yards .at Mojave the
broken flange dropped and caused the en
gine to • leave the : track. The mail and
baggage cars followed. were ire
placed on the tracks and after procuring
another engine the train resumed its jour
ney to the . coast, passing , through « this
city an- hour ; and » a half behind section
one. As in the first accident, the passen
gers were badly shaken,' but no one: was
seriously injured. ": . ' d 4 '
Cars 'Leave the Track.
¦ NEWCASTLE, May.; 3.— Two/cars of a
westbound freight .train left the track
here yesterday \ and ; rolled down the" em
bankment.' Conductor. Cantrill, Brakeman
Connelly and Engineer -Wilkinson, who
were ridine , in ' the caboose, were ; badly
bruised." .'The < wreck J.was . . caused : by a
spreading of the rails. -
SAN RAFAEL, May 3.— The residents of
Mill Valley- assembled. In large numbers
to-night and dedicated their new school
hcuse.-.The! principal speaker,was County-
Superintendent ¦• of Z Schools Robert Pur
long. Music and literary exercises by. the
school children completed the programme.
The building just . completed cost about
$10,000 and is thoroughly modern.
The w case for ! the defense I was • outlined
only in part in Mr. Bartlett's opening ad
drees. - He said that the case 1 was one of
excusable homicide, that occurred by rea
son of the accidental discharge of, the old
rim-fire revolver. ,
... , ~< .; .¦ __« •:-
Dedicate New Schoolhouse.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., . May 3.— An ad
verse decision on the prosecution's '• at
tempt to, introduce the defendant's testi
mony before the Grand Jury which . in
dicted him brought the Government's case
against Eastman, the Harvard instructor,
charged : with the murder of his j brother
in-la-w,' to a sudden close j uns morning,
but before the defense could 'outline the
whole of its case the illness of one of the
Jury> made postponement necessary until
to-morrow:, - !
Defense Now Begins Its Case on Be
half of the Accused Harvard
\ Instructor. - . , •
EXCUSABLE HOMICIDE ;
PLEA ' FOR EASTMAN
/^ T s. AKLANDT May 3. — The "Marsh
jl \\ King" performance drew a great
(I. IB crowd to the Macdonough Thea-
ter this evening. The house had
been sold out beforehand, but the
knowledge of that fact did not discourage
hundreds who were willing to take stand
ing room in the gallery or anywhere they
could get. . It was a great satisfaction to
the civic section of the Adelphian Club
and others who had to do with the ex
travaganza to see the wholesale second
ing of their efforts.
"More than we expected," said delighted
Mrs. Philip S. Teller, ' president of the
Adelphians. "We are going to have a
thousand dollars for our 'free bed' fund.
Of course, 'with a big show like this It
costs a great deal of money, but the pack
ed house is going to put us way, way
above expenses. We have worked hard
to make it a success. Everybody has
•
NATIOKAXIST O'CONTTOR
CHARGES JURY PACKING
Accuses Officials of Corruption and
Wants Salary of Ireland's At-
torney General Reduced.
LONDON, May 3.— In the House of
Commons to-day T. P. O'Connor (Irish
Nationalist), member for the Scotland
division of Liverpool, opened a fierce de
bate on the Irish question by moving to
reduce the salary of the Attorney. General
of Ireland, asserting that not only was
jury-packing one of the most v flagrant
evils of legal administration in Ireland,
but that . the whole, system was "calcu
lated to produce abrogation of law, j and
to suppress individual and national , lib
erty."
Among many citations, he brought up
the case of Patrick A.- McHugh, member
for the north division of Leitrim, who was
imprisoned because of editorial comments
he had made in the Sligo Champion.
John Atkinson, Attorney General for Ire
land, • replied that it would be a" farce to
try members of the United Irish : League
by a: jury composed of members of the
league, men who, he asserted, regarded
the law of the league as higher than the
¦law o£ the 'land. He pointed out .that
juries were selected by the crown in
order, to secure impartiality and declared
that Catholics were not rejected as jurors
because of their being Catholics, v; It was
his own duty, he insisted, to take advan
tage of all means to remove from the jilry.
box men who had. been tutored to believe
that serious crime was not crime. . ¦ , '.¦• ,
Sir Edward James Reed (Liberal) . said
tha Attorney General for Ireland *had ad
mitted the practice of jury-packing on: a
large scale. Many members took. part. In
the debate, among them. T. W. Russell,
who said he had been packed on a jury, a
remark which -provoked Patrick O'Brien
to exclaim: "I was , packed : in Jail for
saying you were packed." : ¦'¦ ; . ,
Mr. Russell— No one need tell . me ' that
juries are - not . packed . In . Ireland, for I
have gone through the operation myself.
Mr. O'Connor's motion was rejected by
a vote of 153 to 105. ¦ , . — i
THOUSANDS OF PERSONS
GIVE ; TRIBUTE TO' CONGES
DES MOINES,. Iowa. ,May 3.— A public
reception was . tendered to : Minister Con
• ger in the Auditorium ; of this ; city , this
afternoon under the auspices of; the G: A.'
R. of Des Moines. Fully 300 people crowd
ed into the building to listen, to the tad
dresses - and - the response . of. the guest cf
honor, 'who for an hour detailed his expe
riences during the siege of Peking.' ,
,' Conger will leave on' Monday for Wash
ington to - consult, with the , State Depart
ment with regrard - to -. his / duties.:',.- This
morning he made * the < statement ; that - he
would "give out before leaving; a:, written
statement -with reffard'.to';the -talk ithat
he is a candidate for the Republican nomi
nation for Governor. - ¦.*:' -\.'.V;- -< : ¦'""¦
Som'e Striking j Costumes.
Of the costumes that -of Miss Louisa
Clark as the enchantress was the most
striking. It was a weird looking crea-
The third act is the first scene over
again, showing the reconciliation of. the
king and the enchantress and the grand
times the fairies and gnomes and goblins
have in honor of the event.
Act II exhibits the cave of the Marsh
King. In the center of it is his golden
throne and all around in the walls pre
cious stones gleam, and dragon eyes blink.
It is a weird scene. It Is in this chamber
that Hildegarde meets the king, who has
been forcing her brother to slave in his
mines. It is here- that the king is foolish
enough to bow to the mortal maiden,
which means for him the loss of his king
dom. • ' . • .
The curtain went up on a scene in fairy
land, the- haunt of the enchantress Zeno
phar. She is engaged in mixing In her
cauldron a concoction •with which she
hopes to put the Marsh King out of busi
ness, he being her hereditary enemy. She
is assisted by her goblin subjects, who
ihelp her stir the ingredients round and
round and round, at the same time sing
ing their songs and dancing their dances.
In the midst of the merriment Hildegarde,
the mortal maiden who has lost her broth
er Roland, appears, searching for him.
The end of the scene shows where Zeno
phar and Hildegarde are agreed upon a
scheme to undo the king. '• ,.
Opens in Fairyland.
worked hard. It is f most gratifying to
know that success has come and that the
people of Alameda and Oakland and other
places made it possible. • We ¦ want ¦ to
thank them for their interest and gener
osity."
Artistically the operetta was as great
a success as I it was financially. It could
hardly be otherwise after* the weeks of
rehearsing by the big "and little people
who -made up the cast. There were nine
ty-six people "all told In the cast, : includ
ing the chorus, yet not a mistake was
made. Everything went along as smooth
ly as It does .when big professional com
panies are performing.- , ¦¦•-'¦
tlon and just the kind a real witch would
be most likely ,to wear. Miss Edythe Par
iser as the Marsh King was arrayed in
all the gilt and glitter of an absolute mon
arch. As Hildegarde Miss Maude Jackson
was the picture of Innocence in a Gre
cian robe. ¦- Miss Mary Jackson as Roland
was dapper in the habit popularly sup
posed to have been worn by Rosalind.'
The conspiring prime minister, who wa*
acted | by Miss Eileen I McCurrie, • was the
counterpart of the ancient Beau Brum
mel. As Puck little Anna Countiss frisked
dbout and played tricks in a becoming
dress. Miss Alice Teller as Queen of the
Moonbeams was all betinseled and arrived
in the moon, which came right down to
the earth. ¦
All Gilt and Spangles.
All the children of • the chorus were
bright with gilt and spangles. •' They were:
, Leona Young, Gladys Emmons, "Marlon
Mitchell. Hope Courtelyou. Anna Dodge,' Char
lotte d' Evelyn, Edna -James. Harriet • Perks,
Marguerite Durney, Louise Countlss, Em Lou
Frlsbee, Emmy Lemche,. Bessie Searle, Doris
James, Elise Curtla, . Hazel Royer,- Merily
Krusl,- Laura Smith, Mollie Nicholls, Bernice
d' Evelyn, Emma Young, -Frankie Read. Mil
dred Foster, Clare O'Coijner Dorothy Tlsdale,
Faith Speddy. Edith Cramer, Beatrice Han
son, Ethel Conner, Helen Bickford, Marguer
ite Parr, Edna Simpson, Louise Guislaln,
Florence Plummer. . Anita Junklns, Elsie
Scheerin, <3ladys Amann, Mignon Read, Miriam
Jackson. Sadie Older, Charles . Thomas, Roy
Watson, Alice James, Edith ¦' Older, . Gertrude
Post'el. May Bissell, Norma "Whitney, ! Sylvia
McCurrie, Edwin Hlggins, Leland Scott, Car
lotta Hanson, Emily Lancel, Laura Wlsner,
Marjorle Arnold. Ruth Tlsdale, Victoria Faro
sich. Harrold Miller, Victor New.bell, Ethel
Watklns, Eunice I Currier, Lena Williamson,
Mildred Dodge. Ruth Carson, Stella William
son, Philip Taylor, Carlos Solomon, Warner
Sherwood, Victor Newbell, Francis Bowen, Al
fred Sundell. Carl Bruntsch, Joseph Cowing-,
Willie Foster, Alan Van Fleet, Jack Medcraft,
Karl Leland , Guy Medcraft. . - .
The managers of the operetta were Mrs.'
Philip S. Teller and. Mrs. Charles L. Til
den. Miss Isabelle McCurrie directed the
stage and elocution. Miss Roslne d'En
nery taught the dances and Miss Fisher
the singing. .
A SCENE FROM "THE MARSH KING," WHICH WAS PRODUCED AT THE
MACDONOUGH THEATER LAST NIGHT UNDER THE AUSPICES* OF
THE LADIES OF THE CIVIC SECTION OF THE ADELPHIANS.
SOCIAL EVENTS.
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Seidner celebrated
their eighteenth wedding anniversary at
their residence. 1211A Golden Gate avenue,
Monday, April 23. The parlors were hand
somely decorated in honor of the event.
Among the guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Seidner, Mr. and Mr«.
Tj* rea.ro, Mr. and Mrs. Crown, Mr. and Mrs.
.Solomon. Mr. and Mrs. Reinlcke. Mr. and Mrs.
Huppenden, Miss G. Pollack, Miss F. Crown,
Miss R. Marks. A. Kant. G. Pollack. Mr.
Bock. Mr. Klllian, Mrs. Dr. Meyer. Mrs. Dr.
Steele. Mrs. Myers. Mrs. Label. Mrs. Kahn.
Mrs. Willman. Mrs. Pollack, Mrs. Ross, Mrs.
Kar.t, Mrs. Eis, Mrs. Rasley. Mrs. Schmidt,
lira. Schwendtr, Mrs. Marks. Mrs. Bauman,
Mrs. Lichtenstedt, | Mrs. Stein. Mrs. Levy.
Mr. and Mrs. Seidner were the recipients
cf many handsome and valuable presents.
On Monday evening Mr. and Mrs. F.
Koldenstrodt oMebrated their tin wedding
at the .family i evidence. 2721 Twenty-sec
ond street. The christening of their two
children by the Rev. Dr. Schrader took
p":ace early in the evening. The company
¦was entertained by music, games and
dancing until a late hour. Many appro
priate and comical presents were among
the favors. At the festal board Thomas
Thornton kept the guests in merry mood
with his Jests and short stories. John Mc-
Grath gave an exhibition of artistic Jig
dancing and Rudy Peck gave selections
on the zither. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. F. Kolden»trodt, Mr. and Mrs.
3. Tan Ice. Mr. and Mrs. E. Binder. Mr. and
Mrs. William Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. L. Bar
nard. Mr. and Mrs. H. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs.
W. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. F. Wolfsen, Mr.
and Mrs. J. O'Xeill, Mr. Joseph JCagle. Miss
Belle McDonald. Mr. Conrad Schell. Miss H.
Wolfsen. Mrs. Poupfogel,' Mr. and Mrs. Hil-
If-rs. Mr. Gable, Mr. and Mrs. Ha pan. Mr.
end Mrs. Christlng, Miss F. JCagle. Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Pearson, the Misses Pearson. Mr.
end Mrs. Koehncke, Miss Bruns.
On Saturday evening. April 20, the Aca-
Via Club celebrated its first anniversary at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas. Music,
pinging, dancing, games, etc., were in
dulged in until midnight, when all sat
down to a sumptuous dinner.. Those pres
ent were:
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas, Misses Emma Thom
as, Frieda Thomas, Dorothy Rojas. Frieda von
Ftaflen. Henrietta Hansen, Margory Rojas,
Ethel F>kfeldt, Annie Sturken, Mamie Grace,
Lydia. Rojas, Pauline Unger and Carrie Mack
lin, Messrs. Herbert Thomas, John von Staden,
William BoF5f>rt. Rody Chisholm, Richard von
Staden, Fabp Sturken, Herman Hansen, An
drew Sharp, Otcar Hilton and Colin Chisholm.
A very enjoyable farewell party was
given by Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Pratt,
1016 Webster street, Wednesday evening.
May 1. Sontrs and games were continued
until midnight, when an elaborate repast
was served. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Potter. Mr. and Mrs.
Pam Hifrginbaum. Mr. and Mrs. Jatnea Mor
rl*. Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, Mrs. Cordes, Miss
Edith Pott«?r, Thomas McCulloui^h. Mr. and
Mrs. Dickerson, MIes Edith Pratt. Robert
31ip?Intaum.
• '•.*'•
Mr. and Mrs. Sol Roaendorn have re
turned from their trip to Ho well Moun
tain. Mr. Rosendorn has entirely recov
ered from his *.ong illness and is now able
tn resume business.
Mrs. Max L. Friedenthal ana daughter
Dorothy of Chicago are visiting the
former's parents at 1816 Washington
street. They will receive next Wednes
day. ;:¦'..•
Mrs. George E. Stadtegger of 2711 Sutter
street has left ior Yorba. Orange County,
to be gone several months visiting her
daughter.
FRESH MEAT FOR ARMY
POSTS IN THE NORTH
Government Lets Extensive Contract
• to a Tacoma Cold Storage
Company.
TACOMA, May. 3.— The largest contract
for supplying the Government with provi
sions ever signed In the Northwest was
concluded this w^ek. Under it the Pa
cific Cold Storage Company of Tacoma
undertakes to supply 750,000 pounds of beef
and mutton during the year commencing
July 1 to the military posts at St. Mi
chael, Nome. Fort Gibbon, Rampart, Fort
Egbert and Valdes. The company is now
placing contracts for 2,000,000 pounds of
dressed beef. Besides supplying the Gov
ernment posts, ! the company will fill Its
cold storage plants at St. Michael, Nome
and Daw'son.
These supplies will be carried from Ta
coma to St. Michael by the company's re
frigerator ship Elihu Thomson. At St.
Michael the meats will be transferred to
the refrigerator steamers Robert. Kerr
and Lottie Talbot, operated by the com
pany on the Yukon River.
President Charles Richardson of the Pa
cific Cold Storage Company is concluding
negotiations with the Union Iron Works
of San Francisco for a new refrigerator
steamer of 3000 tons capacity and costing
about $200,000. to be delivered by next De
cember. This. ¦ steamer will ply - between
Tacoma and i Alaskan, points during tho
summer. During the winter she will car
ry cold storage products to Honolulu and
Manila. -
AGED MEDICINE MAN
- SLAIN BY TRIBESMEN
Chief Tsnawashie Pays the Penalty
for the Impotence of His
Weird Incantations.
TACOMA, May 3.— Chief Tenavrashle,
one of the oldest Yakima medicine men,
was murdered at his home on the Yakima
reservation on Tuesday night. Two bul
let -wounds, Indicating that he had been
shot in the bax*k, and one showing- that
his assassins fired upon him after he fell,
give evidence of foul play. The body was
taken to Fort Simcoe and interred to-day
after the ceremonies and customs of the
tribe. An Investigation will be made and
the nerpetrators brought to trial.
"it is considered certain that the murder
•was perpetrated by some Indians who
were angered because of his failure to
cure their relatives, who died of smallpox
last winter.
Tenawashie was 80 to 100 years old. Dur
ing the hard winter of 18S1-82 he was a
prominent personage to all the residents
of Yakima Valley. He engaged in a Chi
nook dance with such barbarous enthusi
asm that he tore great pieces of flesh
from his arms by biting and clawing lo
appease the wrath of the evil spirit and
cause the winter to break. Cattle were
dying by the hundreds, and some of the
more superstitious .cattlemen offered the
Indians great sums of money if they
would cause the winter to break.
Tenawashie went from his hut on Tues
day night to look after his ponies ,and
was shot from the rear by enemies in am
bush His" aged squaw did not discover
his body until the day following the trag
edy. ¦ --?.;••••-.•-- _¦ ' •
MANILA. May 3.— Civil government was
established to-day as a preliminary to the
inauguration of a general civil govern
ment. The United States and the Philip
pine ComirJssion are unwilling at present
to permit the experiment of elections here,
although they have been authorized in
all other municipalities. Judge Taft says
a municipal government for Manila will
sh .? rt l? r be cre ated. The officers will prob
ably be appointive. }
The Board of Health has completed the
E ensu -, s .,-L ManIIa * The Population num
bers 244,732.
Tho trial of Lieutenant Boyer, charged
with commissary irregularities, haa been
completed. The verdict has not been an
nounced. The trial of Captain Barrows,
who is charged with commissary Irregu
larities, will begin Monday.
WA6HIXGTOX. May 3.— The War De
partment has received the following list
of casualties from General MacArthur at
Manila:
Wounded— April 5. Fourth Artillery. George
B. Glover, thlifh. slisht: Corporal Warrln
Faust, feet. Blight; Twentieth Infantry. Frank
lin H. Gross, ehoulSer. slight; Louis Gregory,
lee above the knee, slight; April 17, First In
fantry. William Schlauer. arm. Blight; Clyde
B. Ely. arm, slight; April 27. Third Cavalry.
Corporal Alfred Rail In. abdomen, slight; Cap-
JJin John B. McDonald, lungn. severe; April
??;.'„. rst . Inf *ntry. . Quartermaster Sergeant
\\ luiam Hake, abdomen, moderate.
Killed— April 10. Forty-seventh Infantry.
Harry A. Varner.
General McArthur also reports that the
transports Biiford and Wright arrived at
Manila yesterday.
The transports Indiana, Pakling and
Lenox sailed from Manila on the 29th ult.
for Taku. and the transport Sumner will
sail for the same port in a few days.
These vessels will carry General Chaff ee's
army from China to the Philippines.
City Census Shows' Two Hu
dred and Forty-Five
Thousand.
New Government Is For
mally Put Into
Operation.
MANILA GAINS
A CIVIL RULE
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 3.
A bloody quarrel ended a partnership of
ttrenty years' standing and almost cul
minated in a double murder to-day. The
quarrel -was . between Fred W, Gartner
and Bernard McManus, who have been
associated in tbe planing mill business for
a score of years and who are now con
ducting a business together at the corner
cf Fourth and Clay streets. Uke most
quarrels of that kind, there are two
Ftories of how it originated, but there is
no question as to the amount of damage
that was done to the partners. They went
at each other with hammers, clubs. Iron
pipe and pieces of scantling-, and when
they were separated both were so badly
injured that they had to be taken to the
Receiving Hospital for treatment.
The direct cause of the conflict was the
discharge of Gartner's son by McManus.
Both of the proprietors had their pons
¦working in the mill, and last week Mc-
Manus declared that young Gartner was
Fhirking his work and not obeying him.
This is where there is a variance in the
ctory. Gartner savs that McManus dis
charged his son, and McManus says that
he did not, but told the boy he ought to
quit If he could not work. At any Tate
Gartner went to the mill this morning de
-'termlned to discharge young McManus in
return for the discharge, actual tt sup
posed, of bis son.
The two partners did not seem to be able
to "get together" on the question, and
proceeded to m!x things very badly. Gart
i:er proved himself eligible for member
ship in any first-class "knockers' club" by
using R hammer on McManus' head with
mch effect that there were nine wounds
to be sewed up at the Receiving Hospital.
McManus had a little the worst of It
with the hammer-beating time on the top
of the head. Charles McManus. the son.
helped things along. Gartner was knocked
down and young McManus kicked him in
the face, breaking his nose.
After the men had been patched up at
the Receiving Hospital McManus had
Gartner arrested for assault "with a dead
ly -weapon, and Gartner announces his in
tention of having both McManuses, father
and son. arrested upon similar charges.
A dissolution of the partnership will fol
low.
They Had Been Business
Associates for Twenty
Years.
Are Separated.
Both Men Are Badly-
Beaten Before They
QUARREL ENDS
A PARTMERSH1P
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ MAY, 4, X 1901 .
Ladies of the Civic Section of the Adelphian Club Are Delighted,
- as the Entertainment in •¦; the -Macdonough Theater Will Put
l#^ More Than One. Thousand 'Dollars in the 'Tree Bed" Fund
• •
11
THE DAY'S DEAD.
"D 9
. Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of , it. .
Pears', the finest soap
in the world" is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people ere;
using it.
¦ .
w ¦ ASK^ for i the Fill I NAIMP-^! -•$&
' . J lvj II . . . ..-•*. V^ 1^ 1^ •!»/ Ill !—• . <+\l
lU 'To Obtain the best and safest Natural Laxatir*} Water Known to th»* medical pro-. ~[M
\*t* '¦ fession, a nerer-f ailing remedy for all disorders of tbe stomach and liver, of inVal- <?**;
IV. tiabla serrioe to people of sedentary habits and an absolute cure for chronic ' ffjlj
HI Constipation; p
Kll For Dyspepsia, Biliousness, and for Hecdache arising from orerloadiog tbe stom- 'YA\
«§> . ach/: no remedy In the world has been so" thoroughly Indorsed by. the medical "prof es-" $*£
JjRjM ;Blon generally as "this well-known Aperient Water. - ;- Mj
P - LrARFl OM BOTTllE l8BMIB $J
>§§? •— 'j* ~»- ¦" ; *y DU II I— C -.With RED Centre Panel. * . ' Jj&THE .SAN^ FE ANCISCO CALL;; SATURDAY, :?MAY ij 1901.
12
A-MURRAT& READY....:.. Phone Main 6848
... Leading Employment and Labor Agent*. . .
:............ WANT 7 A.- M-'TO-DJ^.. ..-.""
FREE FARE .....: r....' FREE FARE
;.WE SHIP TO-DA1.... "•¦•••• •••
'25 laborers for S. P. R..R-Co.'« own or f #
no experience required, to work In "f*" 0 ?;
steel, ballasting and other gangs on the ix>e
Angeles and Santa Barbara dlv Wons.. ...•••-
WAGES. $1 75 and $2 day.......FREE_FARJB
10 laborers and teamsters for Ukiah. free tare
. 5 carpenters, housework -and mines.. ...•••••
. ; $3 day, $75 and found
. Woodworker and blacksmith, country shop
........ .^. ..*• V*- o.ay
12* blacksmiths! Nevada' and country &£?-
..".'.........'..'••....••"•• -^ flay
2 * blacksmith" "heYp^rsV" ranch blacksmith:
7 tree fellers and crosscut sawyers.$35 and JW
25 road buUders and peal 'bark.... $26 and »*.
12 machine and single-hand miners for goia. -
"silver and other. mines .$73 & fd. and jw
15 drillers, quarry work. ...$60 and U2& W
10 laborers, city.... % ..:.• $34 and found
12 haymakers and run mowers *26 and »30
15 milkers, city and country... $30, $35 & $37 50
Choremen and boys.... ........ -butter mak*.™
2 deckhands, $35............ 3 sheepherders, $35
S farmers and wives stablemen
Shop butchers $30 and found
50 cooks,' city and;country
$40 and. $50. $12 and $15 week
50 waiters, city and country ••••
; $25 and $30.- $9 and $10 week
Cleaner, institution: 2 porters; laundry help;
baker, country hotel; cake baker. $17 50 week;
baker's helper. MURRAY & READY. 63*
and 636 day st. ¦ •¦¦¦¦.-
WANTED— A young. man to clerk" in bazaar
business;- must have had experience as. cleric
and come well recommended. Address A.
SCHLUETER & CO.. . Oakland. . ¦ "
WANTED— Cook at 322 Main st , -'. ' '
GOOD block butcher: $33 a month and found.
Apply at S377 Mission st. .
'GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. , 562 Mission Jt.. bet. 1st and 2d its. ¦
•WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over « feet 1
- inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at' the Recruiting
Office,. 40 Ellis Bt.. San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how . we teach
the trade in two months, saving. two years;
- mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture are
all made 'to our own order, with a view to
cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.- 635 Clay at
Beware of any cheap imitations. / ¦
WANTED — First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker:
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. ; Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento, Cal. - ¦
WANTED — At Restaurant ¦ Keepers' Associa-
tion, - 127 Mason st., I restaurant help of all
- kinds; male and female: register, at . once;
permanent positions; good pay.
"WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2, per week.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLI3.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post, O.
A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 806 Market st
EXPERIENCED young man aa assistant In
merchant tailor store. HARSH ALL'S. 12
Kearny st. ¦ - ¦ . • - • : ¦..-...'¦-
WANTED — Man to do general work on a small
farm; wages $20. Address P. O. box 164, San
Rafael, Cal. -.- .
BARBER shop, lively country town, for sale:
• two chairs, baths. Apply - DECKLEMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st. •. -
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., 979 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' .tailors wanted: high
wages; steady. P.VERDIER, 984 Geary st.
COATMAKER wanted, 'to make military
coats; also 2 bushelmen. 2804 Greenwich.
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st.
TRUNKMAKER wanted. E. L. FIFIELD &
CO.. .65 Stevenson st. - : '
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N.' WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c.- Boston House. 920 Howard st
BARBERS — Fixtures of a two-chair shop for
sale; a bargain. Cor. 2Sth and Church sts.
BARBER shop for rent; chairs and tools. for
sale. 2830 Twenty-fourth • st - • -:">
BARBERS— 2 chairs; 15c; shop;' cigar stand.
- Box 3027. -. Call office. : . . . ..: .
YOUNG man in a grocery: must bring flrst-
class recommendation. 800 Fulton st.
WANTED— Butcher boy. 2599 Market St., ,cor-
ner Sixteenth. ¦¦• ...-:- e
CASHIER for a solid business; pays $250 m&;
must have $1000. LUNDIN & CO., 906 Market.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
2C0 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.'/ 128 Ellis st.
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post st
WANTED-^500 men to buy new and 2nd -hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD tc PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny St.
YOUNG man.- to do Janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; readlitg- rooms; free
'bus and baggage. to and from ferry. £
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. . ¦ ' , . - ¦ • •'
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness.. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 ijixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. . : ¦ -.
$123— GENTLE, stylish bay mare, 9 years; 13
hands. 1100 pounds; piano-box buggy and har-
ness, nearly new.. 13t> Second ave., near Cal-
ifornia St., Richmond District. ¦
FOR sale— An elegant'JJalr of cobs, mares; also
latest style; trap, almost new. for 2 persons:
harness, etc. "JOHN NOLAN & SONS,
1611 California st. - - .
A HIGH-GRADE rubber tire road wagon and
harness; handsome 6-year-old. mare: complete
outfit In perfect condition: price $300. Box
• 3049.- Call:. ".-¦:-.'".'¦•¦ . — • - - ¦-. - . --.• -.-
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
3d session* June 10. > Catalogue by applying to
. M. L. Pancoast. sec./ 510 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, .harness.
eta.. Cheap. EGAN.& SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
' light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon. - for sale cheap. B32 Mission.
HOUSES -TO IVET.
A— PRINTED -L.IST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$4S— 8 ROOMS and large ' finished basement and
large yard.'.' 1615 >' Bush 'st.'. near Franklin.'
HOUSES "WANTED. \ .
WANTED— Unfurnished house about. 8 rooms;
must be good .'location: ar.d sunny.. Address
box 3082. Call office. <V "
WANTED — A. 20-room house.' furnished or un-
furnished; must be reasonable., Box 3064.. Call.
IXSTAXTANEOUS v.WATER HEATER.
HOT bath any minute for 2%c: will flow"boil{ng
water In 30 seconds;: saves fire in range; call
and. see It- in operation: send for illustrated
• pamphlet. RIBBON .WATER HEATING CO.."
Examlner building, room , 607.
- ; - LOST yXXD .FOUND. ,
BRODERICK and California," to Devisadero, to
Bush, thence to Scott -and' Bush: a gold
I buckle set with diamonds. 2 keys and. ribbon
: attached; $23 reward on return to M.: T. B-,
2S26 A . California st. . : ' ;
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society - of San Francisco. * In the
name of-HEL.EN JAY, DU.BOIS: No. 199-261.
finder '.will ;• please return -to bank.
$40 • P.EWARD-^Lost,H diamond ". sunburst pin.'
: Finder ¦ will receive : above reward on ' return-
ing : same: to, W.L.tB.. MILLS ¦•room 504 ,330
..Market St. • \ .-. .¦•-•>¦..;
LOST— Bull terrier; black. spot right eye; 'tag
• 88; reward; no: questions. "503' Sutter st. : :
LOST— A l passbook .with the i Hlbernla Savings
and .Loan t Society * of San Frunclsco. * in • the
-name of KATIE E..DOON." No. , 201-1229. The
.finder .will '.please •, return >¦ to, bank. •
YORKSHIRE dog— Female: ¦ reward \ $5 if re-
turned . to . E.^ DOWNES. 811 . Howard st. .-:
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing O. Nolte,
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell.- bet. Powell and Mason.;
31 ATRIMOXI AL. '
GENTLEMEN, wishing to marry wealthy ladies
- send 10c for list. ' MRS r-HKHTZ. '-706 Ellis «t.
MATTRESSES UPHOLSTERY.
'. MATTRESSES i 'andTpillowi s ; \ tel. "¦ South S 792:
i' . to ; order. « or • renovated," v feather «¦ and :> hair .
, -'cleanedrexpert'carpetcleanlng: strictly;rell-
i -I. able. -'HOPKE BROS.'. 313-320 Eleventh st
»»^->'»»VA «»r MttiYtn. ; . H. S.-Srr.m«.>». • ' f*\~v-> -»—.«¦» «^^
• >• .*¦< rvu>rno.1f -, ¦ • -¦ . ««c»ravi!lm;il . }_ -'
...PIANOS i _ ThcMitCompIeteSutlcofPo^IvSheetM^fc'InthtQty.' Vr^,?-""* 1 "
¦.""¦•«•¦¦¦ [ -¦ -' . j? - ' ¦ -»»>»»»»««««««««~ * ¦ WWMIWck.
: iSSsu. : ¦The-Zeno Mainvais'Miinsic '¦Coo-llxs.*- 1 . f :.'¦
, mw x , , , •'.. ,T69 Market Street' 'wjuwfuw- ,
> , : nun . -. , . ... — »s^=- ¦¦/ - • ¦ ' ' ¦- .'.-I «««—
. uurnn ¦-.,.-, . ¦ -' .'^\v i *'. / ' . -";'¦¦ ' '' T* »¦«¦ ¦¦«.>. ' .
1 -1 - -'.-i_ *i_n_n_iv *n '"^ M"ic •¦ Hill Price st>4 cot Cul w > ¦ . N * -, . -'_ - l _^_n_ L r_ i_n J'
.. . TdcptwDc Ityprzisn. »an f ranctf co. z j » 01< q) L
Business Manager; San Franc i s co Call ; C i ty .
Dear Sir: We have. been advertising for
some time in your classified column > and
find that the ; results; vhave been very
favorable.' '
We have innumerable inquiries .from
both city and country. ; .,
- You may : continue our advertisement as
heretofore.
We beg to remain yours very truly ,
SA3T FRANCISCO CALL. {!£•£
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, ocrner Of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet.
ccrrer Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
CCO Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lnrtcin street; open until 9:30 p-.m.
1S41 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
Ctn Market street, corner SUteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
166 Kleventh etreet: open until J p. m.
KSS Valencia etreet: open untl 9 p. m. "
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tticky rtreet8: open until 9 _giJSl_^—^—»
MEETIXG XOTICES.
S\X rRANCISCO Consistory ,> F .
No 1 A. end A. Scottish Rite A/M/iA
— \ meeUnff will be ffj%f>SBrtS
ronwMd in rnmmanJery Hall. mB&PtM
Masonic Temple. SATURDAY iff Mfij 7\i
EVENING. May i, at 8 r^-^P^w—^1
• iclock. for tho purpose of ¦<y a .-.*H /-i-
acting upon the petitions for *^£&'
degrees of brothers resident of
Sacramento, Cal.- .-• ¦
FRANK B. LADD. Master of the Kadosh.
HENRY BURNER. Registrar.
MISSION Lodge No. 189. F. and A. M^— ¦ -¦
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) J^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First De- TtiT
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary, '^r '
ST. •ANDREWS Society— Annual v «TN|.
family picnic at Fairfax Park on ;£. {AwJ
SATURDAY. May 4. 1901. St An- A^g^
dreWs Society of Oakland will
rartlcipate. Take Sausalito ferry leaving at
«:65 and »:30 a. m. and 12:15 p. m. Tickets—
60 cents and 25 cents — at the wharf. ¦ ¦
ALLAN POLLOK, ' President.
GEO. 6T. JOHN BREMNER. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the etockbolders. of the ; Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market st.. San
Francisco. CaL. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
of May, 1901, at the hour of 11 o'clock a, m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as ¦ may
rom« before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Fridar. May 3. 1901, at I o clock
p. tn. . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
EXCELLENT opening for live up-to-date can-
vasser: must have at least $200; strictest in-
vestigation granted: agent must furnish best
of references. Address ELLSWORTH, care
• Ranbom. Vail & Co.. city.
MAN or woman wanted to employ and superin-
tend agentr;«$lS weekly salary and expenses:
permanent position. ZIEGLER CO.. 520
Monon building. Chicago. 111.
A TEW, more agents wanted at 347 Third »t
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
j7~PELTIER, asphalt roofir.g. sidewalks re-
ralred: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
" ADOPTIOJf.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-^
bt»s. MRS. DR. FUXKE. 1416 8th, Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22, 137 Montgomery st., S. F.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Bt. opp. Mason.
L. fi. CLARK. Emm Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOARDI.Vti FOR CHILDREX.
WIDOW irith a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
hoard: -yard: bfrt r.t care. 1607 California St.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
J12C0 — STEAM laundry; long established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny et.
«£0— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
nork; dally receipts 510 to $12; rent $12 50.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny st.
J250— OIL route, horse, wagon and 300 patent
cans; this is an oil proposition that pays.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny 6t.
$1800— GROCERY fruit and produce etore do-
ing a business of $45 per day: full value In
sight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
$550— GROCERY and delicacy store doing fine
l.usinese; established trade; large profits; a
pood chance to increase the business. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
JSOO— CANDY store and ice cream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit: fixtures alone
cost more than price asked ; this is a genu-
!ne bargain and it -will pay to Investigate.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. SO Keainy st
$3000— FURNITURE store in best business town
on '•oast; established 17 years: sacrificed in
order to close estate; expense of investigation
paid by us if not found as represented.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st
WE have two shoe stores for eale at nearly in-
voice price; call and get particulars; It -will
ray you. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny et.
WHOLE or half interest In T'ell-stocked paying
drug store on I-.Tarket et. ; rent only $65; good
lease; owner lea-ting city on account of sick-
ness: a bona fide bargain. HORN, SOLOMON
& CO.. 30 Kearny st
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale. $1400.
or owner will sell half Interest to good busi-
ness man for ISM): will guarantee $1SO to $300
per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny et. '. ¦'.;¦
WHOLESALE liquor store: established 11 years;
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
npen to inspection to reliable parties; terms
If desired: a rare bargain. HORN. SOLO-
MON & CO.. ao Kearny st
J5C0— GENERAL, merchandise Etore for sale at
a sacrifice: telephone exchange reduces rent
: to $12. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
1 WHEN you want to eell or buy a payinpr busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. SO
Kearny Et : tel. Main. 1604.
$1COO— PARTNER wanted in plumbins and gas-
fitting business: well-known business. For
mrticulars tee McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777%
Market Bt.
$125— BOARDING and lodging house: near city.
Mclaughlin & co.. 77;% Market st
$4«i— SALOON: north of Market St.: bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st.
$~)0— FRUIT Ftore In good location at sacrifice;
"Id established: good pajing. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market st
AAA— IOC CIGAR stands; 200 groceries and bars
290 candy and ice cream stores. BOO r»*stau-
jsnts. S00 stores of all kinds; partners wanted
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
vant to buy a business call and see us
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 828 Market st.
FOR private sale— Some of the best saloons In
tV>e city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. - 838
Market «t . . ' . <.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
<irug stores, etc JOSEPH BAILIE. 739 Mkt.
A FIXE re«taurant; city front; $1500. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 7C» Market st.
IC.-.3— DELICACY, fruit, poultry and fish store:
adjoinir.s town: wrll established and well
stocked : rent $15. JOSEPH BAILIE, 753 Mtk.
• J?no— SALOON: rare chance for the right man
to acquire a good paying business: guarantee
$2*» -per month clear of all expenses: cheap
rfnt: 9 furnlsfc»d rooms: no better location
in the city. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
$1«.0)0 WILL rurrhase a leading interest in
b»Ft paying clothing and dry goods store in
the city; rales 175,000 per annum: good ln-
-r-ome guaranteed: well established; requires
r"o-c capital to handle it Address box 4D26
Tall office. .
A KPr.KNOID opnortunity; the right party
«*>>n huy the Etore of H«»nry Hollman at 2805-
7-9 MisFi'in fit. on specially favorable terms:
r.T charge for pood will; only for actual
. Ftock, fixtures, wagopt and horses. V
A A— MOO: GRAND opportunity for lady or gent;l
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
tVaiting-room. 23d-ave. station. E. Oakland.
SALOON, centrally located, doing good busi-
r««5. P. CLAUDIUS. Crown Distillery Co.,
ino Front st. ¦ . -.
BEFORE you • Invest another cent study the
l-lan of the American Exploration Co.. 1413
Tall building. f ;
I.ADT trith raiall capital to Invest in lodglns-
house. Call at SS Third ft. -
¦ FOR sale— Restaurant; closed at' present: good
raying place; cheap. IL SCHWARTZ, -.1 Mkt.
¦ HUS1NES8 proposition: • grocery and saloon
- ' doing fine business In central location; also
flat of 6 rooms over grocery-store; rent-reas-
onable: call . and see owner. E. CLEMEN-
SEN*. 31SS Adeline. Lortn. Cal. ..
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; com-
pl^te: will feat W: downtown location; closed
on account of. «slcknec*. Call 3 Dnimm St.,
between 9 e. . tn. end 3 p. in.
WELL equipped French hand laundry; ex-
cluslre cash patrons: without -competition;
*rocd profit:-poor be»l«*>*csvse:cf fale. Ad-
arw« bor^g;.-Cair office., ,
' I"LORI£T & decorators: 3 living'. rms.: good
' ¦stand*' chean: owner;h»? Important en gage-
rnent elsowh'ere.ChaB.^Villmott 916 Market.
FOR **Ie— Well established corset agency: rare
opportunity -, for • energetic business .woman :
bargain;, good: reason. gelling.-,: Box 30*8. Call.
• RESTAURANT for -sale cheep, account of de-
carture; . living ; rms. . complete. . . 136 ¦ 2d ; it. '
CLAIRTOYAKTS— Continotd..
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy: palmist;' card
reader; 25c up; leaves May 20. ' 7 : Seventh i st.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader.' 11 6th;German spoken; tel. Howard 1846;
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
' sittings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, \ clairvoyant, card reader and
• palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. ¦ 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
-. advice; names given: 25c up. ,i Fourth st. "
CARPET BE ATIjVG AND i . ' CLEAJ»NG.
WHEN you become disgusted with ¦ poor • work
send to SPAULDITCG'S Plonesr Carpet-Beat-
lng' Works. 353-357 Tehama.st; tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO.. Carpet-beating Works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; v tel. Howard 23S1.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
'¦' 344 McAllister st; phone South 146. - ;,
CITY Steam \ Carpet-Beating j Works. G. ¦ H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sthst.; tel. South » 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
Co.. 240 ¦Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944. ,
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333. Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. •
"~ ~ CAPE NOME, jj '
PARTIES having claims on Gold Run or Blue
Stone, Port ' Clarence i District. ' to let on ' lays
can be accommodated at Cape Nome Ticket
Office. 634 Market sti Apply at once.
~~ ~ CHIROPODISTS. '
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. DR. DUNCAN, 415
Sutter st. ' . ' " -¦
_ COLLECTION ; OFFICES. ;
GEORGE W. KELLY"? Agency— No charge un T
lesst successful. Room 310. • 927 Market st.
DENTISTS. • ."J ;
AT~theELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ketst, cor. 4th, rm; 7,- Flood bldg:, you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without ¦ plates • our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m: J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings ~ by r my
wonderful secret, painless method;. 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; ¦ lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate. / the Rose • Pearl,
warranted for 20 year*; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
60c- plates, $5: full fctt; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1143 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c; gas given. '
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices: payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cot. Sutter; open Sundays.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny,- cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, , $4 ; crowns, $3 ; fillings, 25c.
DR R. L. WALSH.815--!; Geary. nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;pUtes $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H..G. TRUMAN. Oentlst. third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. .
LOWEST prices In S. I\ Painless extraction,
¦ 60c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painletb" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market ,st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without - plates. DR. H. G.-
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, o^er O'Connor &- Moffatt.
> EDUCATIONAL. '
GALI^aShER^MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
. Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages telegraphy, English branches, civil,
. electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue - free.
AYRES* Business College. 723 Market st— Day
& eve. ; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship. $30; individual
instruction; positions -secured; catalogue free;
A— THE LYCEUM, an . accredited preparatory
school for the university.- law -and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
¦ Stanford professor. Phelan- building. -- ' .- < .
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS: COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
. can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
tlons to all, Its graduates. ;*305 Larkin. st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech.'.sur-
• vey, assay, "cyanide; day. eve.: est. ,1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A ' FULL course of ¦ Ellis bookkeeping ' and * the
Gregg shorthand costs only , $60. ¦ San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market et. ¦
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
' time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott ' bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand . and
typing, removed to new quarters, ¦ rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils In; air branches -in
oil pal ntingjsy very competent lady teacher;
50c. . Box.E; Call office. ...¦¦¦ .; . .
PROF. - MERKI. from Paris, violin, .mandolin,
guitar; experienced. ' _1008' Mission st / '. -
ARITHMETIC. ¦ bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
' etc.; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, 11 nr. 6th..
SPANISH lessors given ; by a ¦ native Spanish
teacher.- 513 McAllister st. ¦ ' ,'
. EMPLOYMENT : OFFICES., [¦',,-'¦ >.-.
ITALIAN" Labor Supply Co.'. 24 'Montgomery
; ave.,, tel. "John 1481, will supply labor free of
charge: specialty , of > railroad help, farm
! hands, .miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc. .
JAPANESE Employment', Office and House-
• cleaning Co« best help: send ; men at short
notice. ,1125 Sutter.^m>- Polk;, tel;, Larkin 2331.\
JAPANESE and'Chlnese' help of "AH '.'kinds;
cooks, waiters > and house ; servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.* :-
A • BALDA SSI & CO.; 206 /Montgomery . ave.—
;.. French. American and ¦ Italian help supplied.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & > employ-^
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel.- East 203."
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese 'employment 'ot-
: flee ; all , kinds help. -:s 315 Stockton ; ¦. Main' 51S8.
OHPHEUM ; Employment Of flce-^Japanese. > Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter ;; tel. Black 6072
CHINESE I and Japanese employment -. office—
.Best heln. 411H O'Farrell st:i tel. East 4?t. -.
EMPLOYMENT; FEMALE.
LADY. : refined ¦ and ; capable,', would •. like posl--
- tion ! to take entire ' charge ; of ¦ 1 or; 2 - mother-"
less children ¦ in j refined -family;, good .-. refer-
-. ences. .-MISS i 1 J.*< 2308; Mission st;. .'- vtj, c- ;«.^j:
GIRL,' just arrived -from '.Norway.v wants place
• : to ' do ' general '. housework ; "; small swages. .¦; 265
Thirteenth et r /" . .' .'';;*' '•¦* -¦ : '' <v " :.:'¦'-''::'.
SITUATIONS -wanted : by '.two I Eastern colored
¦ -: wbmen ¦ as . cook .and • second -' girl. .' ¦ Call V at * 253
- Je^sif st.. . near.: Fourth. , '5«g<BMf^WWBBBWm
JAPANESE girl | who : Is .willing' to . work^wants
' BUSINESS - CHAKCES-^— Continued. _-_¦¦
A — $1500; SALOON ; most whisky trade ;
daily receipts about $25; rent $40; . clearing
above $200 per month; location one door off
Market; -stock and fixtures invoice price:
owner to leave for Alaeka; offer taken for 3
days.' Call R. G. WILKE, 2614 ; Kearny st.
J760-SALOON; rent $50; location. Pine and
Montgomery sts.; business clearing above SloO
per month. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26 } 3
/ Kearny 6t. . > : ___
A— $1000; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded by
factories, warehouses and lumber yards; large
transient trade; rent J40. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st. | •-
A— $3000;" GROCERY etore (without bar) doing
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
. location in city. Particulars R. G. TVILKE.
164 Kearny et. • ' .
A— $2000; BOARDING and livery stable. West-
ern Addition: net rent $4S; clearing above $loO
per month; . large patronage; stock of bug-
gies, horses and hamest first class. .-Call K.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st - . .
A— $1350: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny st.; rent $75; clearing $180 per month:
dally receipts about $60. Call R. Q. WILKE.
26H Kearny st. - . - - - ' . ¦¦ ,
A-$2000; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining
hall, etc: 'rent $75: place established many
years: doing a steady, good-paying business:
rare chance for party speaking French . and
German. ¦ R.' G-. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
X— $4000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135: sickness In family com-
pels- owner -to sacrifice;- a mint. - Call.R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
FOR ' sale— Good paying ". liquor route. 2370
Market at. from 8 to 9 a. m.
SALOON— South side of Market st: deare $lb0
. to $200 a month. -Box 3029. Call office. ¦ ¦
$160— PARTNER wanted; saloon, 640 Comnwr-
dal st, second door from JCearny; rent $20.
SHOE shop, with .' or without tools. 427%
Fourth st. .' . ' .''¦¦¦'¦-'.
FOR sale— Carpenter shop, with toolB and stock.
at low price. Call after 6 p. m.. at 443 Third.
FOR sale— Good saloon; cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box 2738. Call office. . . . ; -
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store. 631
Fourth,. st; no agents. ¦ #
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements 'and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . ¦ .¦¦'.,-. . *
CLASSIFIED' advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
LODGIXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
SELECT A" HOUSE FROM ALL.. 7!".-"."."."^
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
e-room flat on Halght :.. $650
100 rooms; clears $400...... 7000
32 roomsi clears (200................. 2000
16 rooms; on Powell." 650
26 rooms: on Kearny 1600
14-room. boarding-house 1450
21 rooms; offer wanted .'. 980
10 rooms; -rent $27 50 350
22 rooms;, rent .$47 :..:... 450
! 16 rooms; corner; fine for transient...... 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st. near Market....:. 500
18 rooms; on Third st, near Market E30
14 rooms; on Mission st 550
40 rooms: rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market:. clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very fine 2800
20 rooms: on Geary st: clears $135 2400
8-room flat: sunny. bide 700
500 other houses. 3 to 700 rooms. ¦ ¦ :
' ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE. MINT ?P6.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. opp. 5th.
A, CAMERON & CO..
f 50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
"Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you nave hotel, rooming-house or buttons
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for ail sizes and prices. .; - • '
63 rooms; downtown: modern apartment
house; clears $300 per month; .first-class
Investment ..........' »34W
34 rooms; rent, $130: elegantly furnished;
paying house: good perm, and trans "650
15 rooms: choice resident part city; ele-
gantly furnished; upright piano; modern;
% cash; reduced to .- 105C
26 rooms;.cor.; rent $100: apartment house.. 1650
8 rooms; modern flat: Geary. 43J
10 rooms: rent $50: good and clean SM
18 rooms; all new; oak fur.; full J500
14 rooms; rent 50: good furniture... 900
11 rooms; rent $40; piano; sewing machine. S.V)
16 rooms; rent $50; hardwood furniture 3000
12 rooms: cor. ; boarding-house 321-0
SELECT TOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
9 rooms: elegantly furnished: cheap rent.. f.iCO
15 rooms: very desirable: large yard.'..... 475
15 rooms; Van Ness ave.; something extra 35f«O
64 rooms; sunny cor.; worth double. 2500
76 rooms; fine location: big money-maker 5000
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city.. 6750
148 rooms; particulars given bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our specail bargain list before buying. .
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
29 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; only... 1200
22rooms; rent $15; Dip snap 450
20 rooms: Market; rent $50; apaxtment... 700
j 20 rooms; Eddy: part mortgage: make offer. -
j SO rooms: rent $50; location desirable.... S00
If a bargain we have them at any price.
A HOME. 6 rooms, finely furnished. Including
piano. $225: rent $16. K1SHER. 935 Market St.
ATTENTION BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and ray for it, • .
; in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
18 ROOMS; Mission st.; rent. $60; price $725.
12 rooms: Mason st. ; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $S0: price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75: price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy: rer.t-$a8: price $650. -.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed;
I am. established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Cali
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone ¦ Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2. No. 917 Market st., opp. -Mason.
35 ROOMS rent ISO: receipts about $200...... .$850
10 rooms; rent $30: clears $35 per month.. 650
J300 — Lodging-house. 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free: pay* good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st. '
S8 rooms; Powell $2100
42 rooms; Turk '....... 3000
18 rooms: Fifth; good piano included 1000
— Many others, north and south of Market Bt.
ROOMING-HOUSE. 3 blocks north of Market
from Sixth -st. ; compiled to sell; $1250; rare
opportunity; no agents. Box SOSO, Call office.
FOR Sale— The furniture of a' 7-room lodging-
house; good location. - 1315 Stockton st.--. •• '
SPIRITUALISM.
15 life a burden to you? Why are you so?
Take time to find out why you are so and
what your, conditions and .surroundings are.-
Te*ts this evening at 8 o'clock by C. E.
f Wheeler, ar.d every evening this ' week. 305
Larkin, cor. McAllister; elevator; admls, 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— * . '
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical 1 clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: EUIs-
¦ Ft. car;, sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde. 2461.
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham,' the
wcrld-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles .Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Resid. <no signs), £13 Eddy. b»t. Hyde-Larkln.
MRS. LOUISE 8. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic -Healer. Room - 14, 305 Larkin
Bt: tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m: to 6 p. m.
MME.., MARQUISE— Business, test medium;
spiritual healer: sittings daily.- 1126 Howard.
EARLE. 622, Geary »t. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily; seanefs Tues.,.Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall.' S3S McAllister— Mrs: .C." J.
Meyer: sittings dally: tests.to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.:
MME; M. BERNARD. * T~T
; THE FAMOUS . .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located »t 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She 'reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate 'description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble,- discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, - or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles.- consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of: life;
25c up; i perfect • satisfaction guaranteed. "
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the. well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket *t, corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect ' satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. - Dally and Sunday. - . .
MME. VALEEN.. removed to 1027% Market st,
palmist and life reader, psychic and mag-
netic,, healer; cures, diseases ~ and- habits;
teaches' how to Influence people and be suc-
cessful .in love and : financial affairs. -...i. .-*.-,
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
• diagnoses disease with life reading; ladleg 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 60.-. 126 Turk.
KNOW; your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist. and reader. of human destiny, never
' falls; readings, 50c. 8 Hayes st, nr. Market;
MME. WORELL. trance . medium: readings
¦-. .daily;' 10 -a. m.' to 8 p.-> m. ; clr. .Wed. ev'g at R.
.; 19-- Hickory . ave.. off .Van Ness, nr. Market st.
ISMAR,' the j. Egyptian; gypsy, clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently, located i 1148 Market op."
. 6th; .•¦private readings dally; 10 a.m. to 5 p.im.
MME. LAROSE.' best : clalrvoyant.,card reader
6 test' medium; 25c up.'472Stevensonst.;cor. 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, 'card reader ; • ladles
..-SacreciSiw !»C-132 Birth «t.\-.'-V -,.'. '->'• j* ¦-•$.-.%
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — FEMALE.
A. MIDDLE-AGED German lady, all alone,
respectable, truthful, good v plain German
cook, desires situation in small family; no
.children.- Box 3081, -Call office.
A LADY wishes S situation as housekeeper ¦ to
widower; no objection to children. -1744 Mar-
;'ket;»t.--.'.'',.,. : - .-.,¦¦ - : : ¦ ,-'¦-- ¦. -¦-:/-:
A NEAT, . refined ¦ young- ¦ woman would like a
. position^- as ' housekeeper; where she . can have
a good home. ; Box 3078. Call office. - . :.- .¦-*,-_
WINCHESTER House,. 44 Third sti., near Mar-
ket— SCOjcoms; 25c to %\ BO per night; Jl 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
¦ and. baggage' to and from ferry." -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
YOUNG ' man, German, \ age 24, sensible and
. sober, who came from ' East, wishes a ¦ posi-
tion in store or. office; is a good accountant.
Write or call between . 2 arid 6 o'clock every
' afternoon except Sunday 118 Eddy st., rm. 3.
A YOUNG man. of- refinement, age 80. desires
position as companion, private secretary or
attendant to partial ¦ Invalid: accustomed to
traveling and care of the sick. Address box
3074, .Call 'office. , „,' ¦ - - -'
A GOOD, steady .wheelwright and .wagon-
maker wishes steady situation; no 'objection
B to . country. State . particulars and address
¦ box 3062, Call.
MANAGING foreman who thoroughly i under-
. stands farming in all' Its branches is open for
an engagement; first-class references. Box
3067.. Call.. . ..--.-- ¦
EXPERIENCED man and wife wish situations
to do general housework; man handy with
tools; country ¦ preferred. 617 Third St., -up-
-. stairs. .;.-,- ¦-;¦.;¦'_¦¦¦¦ ¦ .. '-- ¦ . -." .¦-¦¦. .. ,.
A PRACTICAL -mechanic desires a position as
, foreman * or • superintendent of building con-
' structlon. W., box 3085. Call Office: .
YOUNG man, experienced,' wants position as
. •> assistant bookkeeper or office work; first-
class refs. ; good penman* Box 3066, Call.
A' CAKE. baker and confectioner wishes work
.. for. 2. or. 3 days. per week.. Apply 127 Arling--
ton st. '¦'. • . • * .*¦
A YOUNG' man of 21' wishes a position as
butcher or . grocery clerk; .has had t> years'
; experience; cood references. • Box 3073. Call.
ENGLISHMAN from the East wants work as-
gardener or assistant coachman. Box 3C90,
Call office. -" , -
BY- young -man, general office work:- sten-
ographer -and typewriter; good at figures;
. moderate salary. Box 30S7, , Call office.
MAN of experience, situation in small grocery.
¦ cigar or fruit store or any. light work; small
wages ; best references. Box 3083, Call office.
GENERAL blacksmith desires situation: city
or country. B. E. RICHMOND, Orchard and
Willow sts., ; San; Jo6e. ¦ -. -
YOUNGS Austrian ! waiter- desires situation;
. city_> hotel, or i summer -resort. .Box 3075, Call.
PORTER and lunch cook wishes situation. Ad-
dress box .3026, Call office. ~ ¦ ¦ ' -
YOUNG man wishes position as engineer; can
run small dynamo; best of references. Box
3057. Call office. ¦.-'..
NURSE with good hospital references; also 3
surgical physicians'/ references; salary $40 a
month. Address 156 Perry st. ; tel. Reed 612.
YOUNG man wants work in city; can handle
tools and do general outside or inside work;
live at home. Box 3063. Call. Ki>,
YOUNG man, 25 years old,- wishes position as
clerk . In wholesale house. Box 3059,-. Call.
BARKEEPER, first class, steady and • sober,
wants a permanent position; city or. country.
.Box 3054, Call office. ' . '
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
' bartender In country; best of references. Ad-
dress G. M.. 1104 Larkin st.
; FINANCIAL.
400 SHARES capital stock Smiths' Cash Store,
a corporation; guaranteed dividend 10 per
cent For full particulars write BARCLAY J.
'SMITH, 27 Market St.: best investment - on
¦ sale. ' _, • ¦ - ¦.¦.-.¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦'. - ¦ ¦"
¦ ¦'¦', FLATS ' TO LET. , - ~
ilSlo^ROOM upper flat, ' •
¦ No. 715 Castro et... near Twentieth.
$15— 4-room flat on Twenty-third .
and Castro sts. ¦¦'. . .
flat, v 3627 Nineteenth
st.,- near Guerrero.; ,'.-"
SUNNY corner 5-room flat: rent $13; part of
furniture for sale cheap: 2 roomers If taken
".before Tuesday. Cor. Falmouth and Folsom.
NINE rooms and bath; new; sunny corner;
rent $55. NE.- cor. Page st. and Central ave.
UPPER." sunny flat. .3-, rooms, kitchen, bath.
¦ Inquire 1945 Geary st.V '. * ' \ .-
A MODERN flat: 6 sunny rooms, bath, store-
room. 29 Elgin Park, near Market st.
MODERN top -flat 5 clean rooms; -warm belt.
881 Capp St.. near. Twenty-fourth. v . .-¦-.-¦
BOWIE ave., 5.oft Eleventh— Flat of 3rooms;
cheap i rent to -small family. ..- '¦¦'¦•'.' '
FURNITURE FOR SALE^^y
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 7R7 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
4 ROOMS furnished. Hi oak. $48 60. with No. 7
¦ ran^e. King Furnitu'-e Co.. 1127-1131 Market
ASSORTMENTS of., furniture, carpets and
..stoves; give us a trial.. 1114 Mission st - .. ,
FURNITURE for 'sale - cheap, on account of
.removal. 2201 Webster st. ¦' .. : - ¦ - '
COMPLETELY furnished 4-room flat; hot and
cold water: rent $10: $120. 425 Dolores st.
4-ROOMED sunny 1 new flat : new furniture; line
-':' oak set; sell cheap. .431 McAllister st.
> ; FURNITURE WANTED.
BEFORE ¦ disposing of ' your furniture see
. Golden Gate Auction Co. , >. 928 Howard st.
ART goods and fine furniture bought, Indiana
', . Auction ' Co.. 117. Sutter st. : tel. James 141.
AUCTIONEER 'John Elder. 22 Kearny.' buys &
¦ sells your bus., merchandise. fur.. carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn.'. mdse.. etc.; see J. A.
:Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st: tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission , St.. pays highest
v price for ¦ second-hand furniture;. tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vl:!cent,130r. Larkin: tel. Polk 694;
- furniture,' & furn'd, nouses :bought:'Bpot cash.
CHAS.' LEVY buys ¦¦•-our r rurnlture, carpets.'
pianos. '->tc." 1135 Market st.:;tel. .Tessie 7fil.
'i. : J HELP WANTED-— FEMALE. 1 v '
AT C..R. IIANSE.N & CO.'S.. .'...104 Geary. St.
..V....:;... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
; 3 steady; dinner -waitresses,- hotel...".;. 75c day
2 waitresses, summer resort/- see ; party here
.: j:...:.^..'.. 1 .. ...'...-....¦...... ¦.......:....'....... .:• $20
,¦ Waitress and chambermaid , to wait, . summer
- resort ....:.............'. .:....'. '...'.. $20./
,'¦10^waitresses, hotels, city.. .............:.; r..$2ff
- ¦¦ 10 ' waitresses,- '.commercial ; hotels.. ....... .'...$20
! German > chambermaid, flrst-class resort:::$20
. "¦¦ Cook. -, country . hotel; fare pald:'..'::~.:;v.V.:'.:$30
........:. FAMILY, DEPARTMENT .. .V7. "...".
Housegirls — Newman, Petaluma; Santa Rosa,
¦Newcastle,' San Ramon,; San. Rafael, Oakland,
"Alameda, . Berkeley. 'Santa '.Cruz^ : Callstoga,'
E and 50 places to select : from^for . the ; city- for
o; cooks,'.', housegirls, -.'second-girls, . nurseglrls,
ft | etc.. -att the> best of wages.,. -' * .' ,•. ', ;
..C. R., HANSEN *& CO....... -i 104 .Geary st. y<-
WANTED— Cook, - small ? summer presort, i " $33;
¦ ' • 3 « cooks. '> small wash. ?' American *?¦ families,",
LMenlo Park, ; $30,' $35;> 7;'cooks. plain-wash,,
German style, $25. $30; -waitress. : Benlcla,": $25,
¦'"see party here to-day; 4. waitresses, short dls-
", tance ; country,'.. $20,-; $25;; fare '. paid : 1 10 1 second
>' glrl,"^ private; families, « city 5 and | country, '„ $20,'
;¦/ $25, \: $40; ! waitress, city.'- $8.* $9 . week; • 30 girls
/,'• for ; general s housework « in <: nice . private ; fam-
'. ;! ille8, idtyjand [country,- $20,"* $23.--- $30;: 2 laun-
« dresses,* private ' families, } $25,-- $30 ; . Ironer for
: A laundry," $30 r and J f oujy*. ','J^rjiy 'J: j F." : CROS-
;;._»tt:& co.;:«f. Gut:** <v;-; "¦ .' .' ,''~;^.;% :
-. . MEDICAL.
A — RENO VV M 1UJ_> specialist; those who desire to
-obtain results promptly; I treat lad les only; <
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others;- the only treatment that
helps th# unfortunate : the most obstlnat a
cases are Immediately relieved 'without pain;
-no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. VT. CDONNSLU 1013 Markt.
A TREATMENT that fa guaranteed to give
Instant relief for, aJl female complaints; th«
• longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 113
"^Market at., next to Owl Drug Store..
A— Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures ¦ all female - complaints in one
day; the longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain; every woman her own
physician: can ber sent; experience In all
cases for 37 years. 12 Mason St.. near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market. ladles'
specialists; 32 years* practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn j same day; harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market St.. nr.
6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 35 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give instant relief from all female troubles:
• avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR WTETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs7
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office:' any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS DR. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dels* specialist: best medical care: low fees.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
GOLD mine for sale: 10 stamps: paying: price
I43CO- half down, terms for balance. Address
box273, grass Valley. Cal.
3IISCEIAANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery- Me-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
kertables. barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand: we always have a. large stock of
saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
ena floor ready made: we can ship everything
In 2* hou« jfNOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023
Mission it., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A-BUTS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. - WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. , i
TYPEWRITERS at any price to cloaa them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 129 Montgomy.
a 'LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $350:
co^ortgtaall"jl000. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20H. P. ;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVD.GS-
. TON. 558 -Mission st. - ¦¦ '
A-$3 B0 DERBT and Fedora haU, $1 75. Popu-
laV Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. »10; dress pants. 12 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all klndabought.
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
616 Mission st. ¦ .
GAS engine, one horse-power. $75. Shirt Store.
B33 -Valencia st ",--..
HOMERS— Prime stock for sale.. 241 Sttto St..
Oakland; Berkeley train; B-st. station.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A FIRST-CLASS sauare piano for J30. UN-
CLE HARMS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BITRKE. 139 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & M-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged.- 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand- THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all. sizes. THE
WALTg SAFE. 109-111 Market »t.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DESK room wanted in exchange for advertis-
ing. Address box 2231. Call. Oakland.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
thfatrlcal gooda. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2S22.
MOyEY^TO * jO>ASm *
A— MONET to loan at rates whioh people can-
afford to pay on furniture, pianos. ,«tc; do ,
not borrow of your friends or. you will lose *
their friendship; do business with strangers f
and you will be better satisfied; no delay: no J
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
*....:..... - IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. LoanS on estates In probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
¦ . gages. - etc.
ANY proposition.; any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first, 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; te!. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third St.
LOWEST rates on furniture. -etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial.. Room 3. Conservatory- bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick- lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. rcoKS 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
. highest price for . old gold, silver, diamonds.
DEAL direct: furn.; pianos: no removal: low
rate: strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
Al— MONEY loaned. CHASE. 646 Market st.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS. '1st or 2d mtg*: city, country. 6%. undi-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott biff.
LOANS on salaries without indorser'or secur-
tty;- Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
J30O.0OO TO loan on real estate or for- building:
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room l^
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. . 609 Examiner buiUHng.
TO salaried peonie without collateral or In-
, dormer. S.iF. T>l«<*ount A»wiit. 143 Phelan big.
~MUslcAI« INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella J65I2 _ Chlckerlngs - (Hk-
1 Heine baby grand I new) ..; $2f«
(like new) M2r, 2 Helnes $313 uj>
1 Stelnway $1S5I1 Hallet-Davls $4<S
.And flftv other* ;. rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for scan^
of the oldest" and most famous pianos In e*-
ittence. Including HalleUDavis. indorsed by all ,
• the greatest masters; over 30,000 in use in most
exclusive homes. . Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL Piano? purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may. be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and hav» full
price allowed. New - upright plano«. S* per
month: some good pianos sold for $3. *4 and
J5 per month, SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
*ts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.; Oakland.
AT BYRON MAUZTS, 203 POST ST.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less ; electric self-play!ng ptano attachment:
can be put In any piano: also to Inspect. our
piano factory and see how a piano Is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler. Ham-
llton. Splelmann planes. -...--
A LOW price and a good article' Is what ths
people want. We have both to offer In th«»
- piano ¦ line. An - upright for $100 and *«
much more as you feel like paylnr. Call and
see our j stock before b-uyin«c. - Wa ran sav»
• you money. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
.Market st. . '
IBSOLUTELY the nM*sf and 'largest hou«*
west cf-Clilraeo Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 2".
2S and 30 O'Karreli ¦ st. : pianos.- ortrar.* ami
" all other musical ; Instruments of all grad«*«
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
' customer. '¦ ' " . ' ' ».
5 PIA NO snaps— $80. *75. WO. S125. $130: e**y
' payment*:' also Anolln sllghtlv u»*d. » ba'-
galn. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell
st.. Chtckering agency. :
A— J400; rpRIGHT irrand. new. for almost
- half. 218 McAllister, st. . —.
J13S— STANDART upright: cost $423; for sale on
. to Installments. 1419 Post st. ", ' _
KRAN1CH & B.4CH nlano«. musicians' delight.
.-. Sole aeency BRUENN. 20S St.
YOU. can obtain »'fln» upright plano'at a low
' figure. T. H. v KILGO. 84S Mission st.
$3 P1TBmopth*r.t.ts a beontt^nl niann. SCOTT-
~. CURTAZ PIANO CO.. £60 Hayeg »t.
$117— MAHOGANY >«-ase Fischer upright. 217.
, Gearys *t.. 'room; 38. ¦: .
'A SMALT, Chirkerln* upright. J12S: » ntjrighM. .
i' second-handed: your choice at K10. 217 Geary-
GENTLEMAN irolnp East must sacrifice hand-
some 3- pedal upright piano. «S Eddy st.
• WANTED^— FEMALE— Con.
MRS. ; M. E. DAY & CO. . . .. .Phone . Main 1575
'....-.-:...... HOTEL DEi'ARTMENTJ. ...
2 waitresses, first-class commercial' hotel, $25;
- 6 waitresses. : city, $20; '12 'waitresses, .flrst-
class country, hotels, $20 and $25; 2 waitresses;
3 $20. * and I chambermaid, . $20, same country
hotel, same place," very -choice, place, call
early . J ....'...'.../.. .: .....'.. .............
'.•.;...;..... FAMILY :'.'.."....
Second girl, Berkeley, $25; many choice pri-
vate family places, '• city and 'country. MRS.
M. E. DAY&CO..-3S5 Geary st. -¦.--.-¦
A NEAT young girl for candy factory; $4 week
to begin, v MRS. M. 15. ! PAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
EKCELLE* r opening, for live up-to-date can-
. vasser; -;..ast have at least $200; - strictest in-
vestigation granted; agent must furnish best
of , references. - Address -ELLSWORTH, - care
Sanborn, Vail & Co.; city. . ¦ -
ASSISTANT - stenographer; good speed -on
,' Smith -Premier; hours 8 till 6; salary $20 per
¦month. Call S."N. WOOD &CO-, 718 Mar-
' ket st.V : --• •,' •¦-¦¦-;.,.... . -. ¦ -.
WANTED— Middle-aged nursegirl. one with ex-
perience. S Apply bet' 10 and 12 a. m.' 1453
Franklin st. ¦- ¦?,. . -.,¦.-
OPERATORS wanted at-Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, ' 32V4 Fremont st. Apply to
MR, DAVIS. . :;-y. ,-
WANTED— Girls as waitresses; wages. $8 per
¦ week. Apply ' California ¦ Dairy Kitchen, < 761
-'. Market St.- /- ,..;."' -',-.'¦
A GIRL for general housework; references re*
: quired. Call 1416 Larkin at,
MAKER and trimmer, wanted. -' 15 Mason st.
OPERATORS wanted i to work ¦ In . factory. . 723
Market Bt., room 35. ¦/;•¦ . .
"WANTED— Reliable girl to • take • care of * a
child. Please call at 2110 California ¦ st.
WAITRESS wanted; call -early. 519 Post »t
COMPETENT cook, $25. Apply Maudsley Sani-
tarium. 2111 Pine et.'.atlO a.m. only.-
WANTED— 2 lady waitresses: ' $35 per j month.
• DETJEN & MENGEL, 35 Market st.
GIRL to assist with housework and children;
. small washing:. 2621 Howard st.
GIRL, or woman for. housework ' and . care for
; woman.; 2520 Mission :st,' cigar store. .
WANTED-rGirl to assist: good home. 829 Tay-
lor ave., • Alameda. .-. '. •>' ¦ >' ¦¦ ,'' :-
CUTTER; . experienced; good. - steady employ-
ment. GANTNER & MATTERN, Golden
Gate, Mills. 1017 Hyde at. '. .-..-.;-'
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 635 Market at;. , ' ¦ •
SHIRT, and overall ; operators; -inexperienced;
paid while learning. -HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410 Mission st. . v -' . . -..- .-¦ -.;¦¦¦> ¦
BUTTONHOLE ' maker, ¦ finishers and appren-
. tices on . custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
, RIB CO.. 541 Market st.
! OPERATOR on pants;- must -' be flrst-class ;
steady work; - high wages. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO.. 641 Market at. .^
WANTED— First-class hands to work on alter-
atlons. Apply at E.' MESSAGER, 145 Post.
A GIRL for general housework. x 661 Howard
street.'; ¦: ':..:;'.. '¦¦¦',
WANTED— Apprentice to learn > hairdressing
and manicuring. 240 ¦ Stockton st. ¦'
PANTPS finisher wanted at 253% : Stevenson, bet.
. Third and Fourth. • -."¦ —.' ; . ¦
GOOD reliable girl to assist 'in general house-
work. Apply at 418 Brannan \ st.
YOUNG girl to assist. In, care of .2 children
9 over . 4, |10. '¦ 2217 Octavla, cor. 'Jackson. . :
GIRL ' to assist In dining-room ; . $15 and found.
301 Twenty-second. £t.",: Potrero Hotel. " -
GIRL to work in small restaurant ; no expe-
rience necessary. - 1727 ; Market st.
WANTED— Girl ' , for . general • housework and
cooking; call, before noon: .219 Hayes - st. •
WANTED— 2 buttonhole \ makers - on coats;
wages $12 per week. 135% Natoma st. .. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been t established at ¦ 1096
Valencia st.
HEILP "WANTED— MALE. '
AT C. R. HANSEN '& CO.'S..'....10t G>ary st.
...".........., RAILROAD WORK/.....
Free fare Fee $1 ,...\ i Free faro
¦ 50 laborers for reconstruction and ballasting
track, ship to-night ...'....$175
For the :big tunnel '..'.. Chats worth Park
. Headers, $2 50............. .....Cornermen, $2 50
.Drillers, $2 20...'.;.: Outside laborers, $175
: No .discount":.;.;.. 7... -.;......:.. ..Pay in cash
'See boss here Ship to-night
-Free fare Feo.$l Free fare
• Blacksmith, summer resort, $40 . and .found,
see boss here; milker for. Oregon, $30, see
- boss here: 4 blacksmiths, country, $2 25 to $3
a day; 10 farmers. $26; man and wife, pri-
vate family, $50: 10 milkers. $30
.....;.... /HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
: Chef, summer resort, ¦ see ; party here, $100:
bread' and 'cake baker, country hotel, $60;
' oysterman. $45;- second cooks, broilers, fry-
ers, $65, $60 and $50; broiler, rib Sunday work,
$15 a week; 20 dishwashers, pot washers and
kitchen hands, $30 and $25; 20 waiters, hotels
and restaurants, city'and country," $25 to $45..
Extra baker; extra t second cook and 2 ex-
tra dishwashers for country hotel, fare paid
¦ both ways. • ; •
' C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ....104 Geary st.
ENGLISH or Scotch' coachman; $50 arid found;
- farmer and wife. $50; 10 milkers, $30 and $35;
2 milk wagon drivers, $30 and $40; choreman
- for ranch. $25; machinist for country. $2 60
. day; carriage painter. $2 50 day; . 10 bark
'peelers, $35 to $40 and f ound ; farmers, $25
and $30; and many others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st. . "
2 BAKERS for country shops, $40 month I and
$12 week and - board ; - hotel \ and restaurant
1 cooks, waiters, dishwashers . and " others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. "^
AT CAL. EMP. AG'CY., 59 3d, phone John 3131.
• RAILROAD , LABORERS
Free fare .Free fare '........ Free fare
. 10 men for railroad work. $1 75 to $2 per day.
! 10 men for mill and woods, free. fare. --. .-¦
10 lumber pliers, $30 to $43 per mo. and ooard.
:¦ 5 redwood tiemakers, lie, free fare.; ;•
2 spool tenders for lumber. woods, $50 and bd.
- 5, woodchoppers, pine 4-foot. $1 23 . per cord.
5 men to imake pickets. $6 per, thousand.
................. QUARRYMEN '..
• lO.men.laborefs for quarry, $2 per day.
¦:4 mllker3. $30 per month. , .-:'¦•-. ,
A— MAN and wife for private place, 2 in fam-
ily, country, $50; see party here; fare: paid.
". M'RS. M..E. .DAY & CO./335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
'Head' waiter. . country,'- $50," free • fare ;¦ Sam
. Garrett, please ! report .at.Qfflce. . ' . ¦"
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
- Free employment; only recognized union. -927
|- Market st.. room- 207. I. LESS. Secretary.
EXCELLENT opening for live up-to-date can-
vasser; must- have at least $200; strictest In-
vestigation granted; agent >must furnish, best
'of references. Address ELLSWORTH, care
- Sanborn; Vail & Co.y ¦ city. . -. • : .- ' '-'¦¦'
PERSONS, everywhere who can write merito-
rious sketches articles or stories; good. pay.
'.'•Literary, Bureau. ,303 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
WANTED-Man for this section by old house,
solid standing: $36 cash paid for „ 2 weeks'
trial: If : successful. Manager,
; S31 Caxton ". bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED — Boy for General merchandise busi-
ness; must be ¦ stronar - and about 16 years of
'. age. : Address box 3083.^ Call office. ¦-.-.-.'.
WANTED^-Experienccd\, domestic salesman;
state age, experience and salary expected.
;• Box- 3086, . Call office. , ' ., ¦ ¦ .
WANTED— Steady man' satisfied with $15 to $18
! per week: light work; must have $125. READ
V&-CO..-1007y 3 Market st.
FOR > sale — 2-chair flrst-class 15c barber shop;
;r central ; location. 12 . East San Fernando St.,
; San Jose.:. ¦«. ; >••: . . ¦" . . '¦
BARBER-for, Saturday from 10 to. 10; $2 50. 519
Kearny, st. -. ',¦ :..>'¦•'¦¦'-.'¦ . i ¦
BARBER wanted for i Saturday afternoon and
;> Sunday. 581 Geary st. -- :, .-• , :
BARBER': wanted for Saturday. * 217 Fourth
..street. ¦¦¦¦.- --'''¦ ¦' •¦' - * ¦ - '
GOOD barbers v Saturday and Sundays ;, steady.
..629 Union St., .-near, Powell. .: - ;"
PENSIONS— J.r H. SHEPARD & CO., attys.,
Hearst. 'bldg.. » Third : and i Market, room . 316.
SMART* honest; errand boy ."with* recommenda-
c tion. ¦• Shirt s Store, 535 Valencia . st. ., .
YOUNG man . to . take ' charge of electric , shop.
' Box 3076, Call 'office.; : . '¦• ¦'¦.'•¦ V
BOOTBLACK- -for 'barber shoi>.«- - 323 ,'_ Devlsa-
. -. : dero «t. ;'¦;- --' - -':-¦ _."-,- ..-'. .-'.-» : /' ¦;.-.''"",
BOY. wanted. "Union Square Market, stalls 1
-and 3, . ¦'¦'¦- -.¦¦ '* *¦ ' .'"' : .-;¦" /.^ ' •' '¦
2 ¦ GOOD '• representatives : for Oakland: .refs. i
-' Pacific i Coast .Purchasing 'Assn.; 206 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes; slightly damaged," half
¦-¦ price. 7 C62 . Mission ; st. .'; bet.; 1st : and ; 2d sts. ;
WANTED— Second 5 cook; ; $63 ' per ' month. J . Old
' Louvre.7 Phelan ; bldg.; O'Farrell; and Market.
COLLECTOR for, the installment 1 business"; one
-with .experience preferred.-*":, Box 3063,' Call.
BOY ' in ' drug, store : : 16 i ' years. * Address Drugs,
.»£¦ box 3077,~, Call -office.- ."¦';¦•;¦:¦¦.: ¦•:¦ .-; 5 >- J . ¦ r.;,-.
BOOTBLACK, '¦ Saturday * and .Sunday; steady
fi ' Job , if ¦ satisfactory- Z *W "Bush r st ,¦ , r — , '
1 -i non-union:? no office .fees.'
l^ Mechanics'; Registration -Bureau," 410 Kearny. •-
STEADY; 1 man ;,wlth i $t50;"cash'{can ; make ' $S0 . a
month. v'Apply«at 209 ; Kearny st, ¦*room,l.'7-"'VT. B. and. Annie E. Draper to Carl F. A.
Welsshand, lot on E line of -Tremont avenue,
621 S of Frederick street S 25 by E 80; $4750.
• William B. and Annie Roberts to Frank and
Mary F. Frates, lot on W line of Clayton
street, 37:6 S of "Page, S 25 by W, 106:3; $8500.
George M. Mitchell to John -McGaw, lot on
SW corner of Clay and Maple streets, W .112:6
by S 127:8%, quitclaim deed; $10.
¦ William H.' Lane to Felicia C. Lane, lot on
N line of Liberty street, 225 E of Castro, E
29 by.N 114; gift.- • ¦¦,'¦ .- ¦' •• '- :' • •
• >Peter Rooney . to Sarah 1 Rooney, lot on W
line of Bryant street, 104 N of Twenty-fifth,
N 26 by.AV 100; gift. '. '.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Nich
olas J. O'Reilly, lot on S line, of Twenty-fifth
street,- 229 W of Dolores, W 25 by. 8 11-J;$1200.
t John and Kate ' McCann to Edward McKib
bin ¦ lot on' E line ¦ of . Douglass street, 195 N
of Nineteenth, N 25 by E 125; $1500. .
Alverst J. Lloyd, Elizabeth- Christianson and
Victoria McLennan - to ¦ Ontario Lloyd, all > in
terest in lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street,
173 W of Douglass, W. 5 by S 85; also all In
terest .In estate of Marj r ' Lloyd, deceased; gift.
Mary K. and ' Emma . P. Short to Charles T.
and Jennie A. Crocker, lot on N line of Geary
street, 137:6 W of Powell/ W 27:6 by N 137:6;
Esta'te of Elizabeth -Meiklebaugh (by P. Bo
land administrator) to, Joseph and Augusta
Lavezzl lot on W line of McCormlck . street,
73 S of 'Pacific, S 21:6 by W 58:6; $1000. .•,.:.*..,
Benjamin F. Washington,- Rodmond' Gibbons
'and L ' L Bullock, r the Board of Tide Land
Commissioners, to Patrick Tiernan, lot on NW
line of Harrison ' street, , 350 SW of Fourth,
SW 25 by N\V:85; $8750. • '• ' . ¦ - , ' .
Bridget McLaughlin ¦ to A.* M. Speck, lot- on
W; line of Sixth avenue, 275 S of C street, S
'jessia M. Geer'(wife of Albert W.)to Gus
tave ¦ S ' Videau, f lots 2. 20, 21 and 29, block
'558' Bay Park Homestead;.. $10. , .". .
Electa E. Caswell to -John . and j Mary Nor
ton lot on NW line of Paris street, 150 . SW
of Brazil avenue, SW 25 by. NW. 100. block
12, Excelsior Homestead ; $500.
.- v , Alameda County. . ' :•
Annie Schneider to John Schneider. lot on
NE corner of West and Alden (or ¦ Twenty
ninth) streets, ' N 140 by.E 190; Oakland; also
lot 12 Scovllle - Tract, Berkeley ; also lot - 26,
block 'C, Gaskill Tract, Oakland; $2000.
John Schneider to Annie Schneider, all Inter
est In lot on ' SB line ¦ of Seventh avenue, 100
SW of East Seventeenth street, SW ; 50 by SE
150 block 84,' Clinton, East Oakland; $1000. :
• John <R- Hodge, W. 1 1. Reed, The California
Improvement Company, J. P. Cook (by W. 8.
Harlow . commissioner) to Oakland Building
and Loan Association, . lot on.E corner of Fif
teenth avenue and. East Seventeenth street,
NE 47 by SE 90, . block 42, San j Antonio, East
¦ Frank 'm. and Rose H. Wilson to Anna N.'
Force, all interest In the S .. 60, feet of lot 7.
block 26 Daley'8' Scenic ParK, Berkeley; $3000.
A D Cohick to Harrison D.Rowe,. lot on
rw corner of Seventh and Franklin streets,
W 75 by S 36. lot 15 and • N : U feet lot 16, ,
block 63, Kellersberger's Map,-: Oakland; $500.-
Louis D. Keeb (single) to Joseph A. Rogers,
all interest in lot on S line of West' Tenth
street ' 119:9 E- of Cypress street, E 23 by S
96, block . 551. . Eighth-street Tract, Oakland;
Ly'dia E. Hall t<> .Thci esa M. Bristol (wife of
R r> ) undivided • half Interest ; In - lot on . W
line of ¦ Broadway,, 100 N of- Vernon street,- N
75 by "W 300, being a portion of block 13, Map
of Plat 13, Rancho V. and.D. Peralta, Oak
¦¦¦ Octaveand Amanda' Marchand' to Hattle A.,
Hunter, -, all' Interest in lot : on S "line of How-'
ard street.* 40 E of Montgomery, ;E SO by S 100,
block 11, Howe -Tract,' Oakland; $10... • ' '
Alfred Holman to . W. , B. Ewer, lot 4, '/ Map
of Grand I View Terrace; being a subdivision
into lots of a * portion of lot' 17 "block G. tRe
vised Map. of 'Piedmont Park, • Oakland . Town
ship; $300... •¦¦'¦•'•'.•¦ ¦-'¦¦.,:.¦''': .-.;:¦• .;
• Joseph Schneider to same, all. Interest In lot
3 ? Map' of Grand' View* Terrace,' being a sub
division Into lots | of a portion of ' lot 17,' block
G Oakland Township; $200." ¦• .'"
¦ Andreas , Eckert : to Minnie '¦¦ Eckert, : lots ', 16
and 17," subdivision .-. B of Fruitvale Terminal-
Tract, '«, Brooklyn Township: $10. ,: ¦ , . - .
c ; v Builders^ Contracts; M"-
William and : Charles Betz (owners) with ; J. :
B. ;•¦ Reite • (contractor), architects' Rousseau &
gon All work ; except plumbing for" a four-story
franie "building s with' concrete -foundations \ (4
flats) - on N ; line of ? Folsom " street, r 100 E of
Ninth street.-; E . 25 by N 90; $6890. - ¦; , ¦ :¦ ¦ . ; . , -
Same owner with ¦ Henry, Ernst (contractor),
architects ! same— Plumbing, - sewer .work, water
and gas '.flttlngs, tiling and , sink , for . same -, on
same;i$100O.;-r:i ;•.•;;: t^v ;.' . : ¦ • '-' '. . ¦* ¦<•'¦-••
;f. Mrs.' ''!•.••- Walter (owner) with ..William Lin
den' (contractor).; architects (Rousseau & | Son—.
All, work for a three-story. frame building. with'
concrete i foundation v (3 f flats) von •; NE- line -of
Stanley 1 place;* 124 : 6 > SE j of » Harrison • street, ¦ SB
25 by NE100;-$4SOO.v . . r -.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
FRIDAY, May 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ' • •••¦ -., Bld.Aak.
Alpha'.'. 03 04 Justice ......... C6 07
Alta .: : 04 - 06 Kentuck 02 03
Andes 1 .......... 04. . 06 Lady. .Wash ...v 01 02
Belcher 13 15 Mexican 31 32
Best & Belcher ,'32 -3:1 Occidental ..... 03 ¦ '04-
Bullion- 02 - 03 Ophlr .......;:.l 00 105-
Caledonia .'..... ' 61 .. 64 Overman V.. 15\ 16
Challenge Con. 12 13 Potosi 07 OS
Chollar ........ 07 .08iSavage ....- ' w 16
Confidence .... '61 64sScorplon .......— 04
Con Cal &'Va.2 45 2 50;Seg. Belcher....' 02 -04
Con Imperial .. — 01 1 Sierra: Nevada. *Z t\
Con NewTork. - — .' 01 1 Silver : Hill .... 33 38
Crown 'Point..." 16\17 St.Louisr....... 06
Eureka Con .. ,06 — Standard '......4 00" " —
Exchequer .... 01 02 Syndicate ...... 04 —
Gould & Curry 17-18 Union Con .... 10" 11
Hale>& Norcrs : 23 .24 Utah- ....:.....;- 02 03
Julia ../......:. ~ : — ri 02iTenowrJacket. • 20- 22 r
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session. *
¦Board— '¦ • • - ' . • ¦ • .
2000 California-Standard ..... : ........ 2g
1000 Four Oil Co... '.....-.. 50
2 Hanford .-. ., -93 00
. 1C0 Hanford-Fresno-Kem Bovver. 15
50 Home Oil..................... 330
200 Junction V........ 40
100 Kern ...'.. .—'...I... ...... 6 50
100 Kern, b 90 l.V 673
SCO Lion, s 30 15
Street— .. "
100 Sterling, b 3.. 4.. •«'.... ...... 193
100 Sterling 1 95 ,
500 Reed Crude ...:.". .._......¦ 4a
-Afternoon Session.
-••¦ Board—. • *,..,••.;' .
4 Hanford :.... ;... 9700
325 Home OH » 3 30
15 Kern i _.. 6 3714
100 Lion, s 30. V. '¦-. 15"
500 Monarch of 'Arizona ~....i. ....... 50 •
100 Monte Cristo, s 90,.... 2 30
100 Monte Cristo ..................;.....;.. 240
100 Monte Cristo ........"....."....:.-........ 2 35
1100 Petroleum Center .'..7....... :...-... ... 12
5200 Petroleum Center '....V.*:. 'u ¦.
300 Petroleum Center....:....../.' 09
1000 Petroleum Center, b 60 12
200 Petroleum Center :.:;.:. ........V...... 10
100 Petroleum Center ...;.:. 08
100 Petroleum Center 07
100 Sterling , 1 93
SAN FRANCISCO^OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning SesslonI ;
500 California-Standard ....:. r... ......... 38
• 200 California & Utah Oil Co............. 26
.400 Four Oil. Co..... 50
2 Hanford. 99 CO
400 Monarch ' of Arizona.: 49
600 Monarch of Arizona.. 47
¦ 100 Sterling '....•. 1 95'
. '" ' Afternoon Session. '- %" "
Board—
600 California-Standard «...';.... 37
350 California & Utah Oil Co............. »8
• lOOFourOll Co... .....-;......; ..... ' 50'
1 Hanford ..".... :.'.... 98 00
# 100 McKittrickCon..... 06
1000 Monarch of Arizona.... 43
1000 Petroleum Center : .12
, ' " MINING STOCKS.". [
' Following were . the ' sales in the . San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
':¦¦¦'¦ Morning Session; '
700 Best & Belcher 33 400 Ophlr ¦'. ..1 05
600 Con Cal & Va.2 45 100 Ophir 100
300 Hale & Norcrs 24 400 Sierra Nevada. 23
100 Hale & l Norcrs 25 500 Utah ..'.; .03
. ¦ Afternoon Session. -
700 Con Cal & Va..2 45 100 Overman ....... 17
100 Confidence .... 63 2600 Savage 15
600 Gould & ¦ Curry 17 500 Union Con .... 11
200 Mexican 31 ."
Following were the sales In; the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: _ ... ;
: • ¦ .-' Morning Session. '..' r "¦ " ' '
1100 Best*& Belcher 32 :S0O Mexican ....... 33
500 Challenge Con. - 11 500 Mexican, 32
400 Con Cal& Va.2 43 700 Ophir , ..:.:... ..1 05
300 Con Imperial .. 01 400 Savage 16
300 Crown Point .. 16 300 Union Con .... 12
200 Hale & Norcrs 24 ,..¦¦ .
. . v Session."'- '.
600 Best 8c Belcher "32 800 Overman .....: 18
600 Con Cal & V.2 42% 800 Savage......... 13
200 Con. Car & Va.2 45 100. Sierra Nevada: ,25
200 Hale ; & Norcrs . 23 900 Sierra Nevada. 23
200 Mexican "32 1100 Sierra Nevada. 24
200 Mexican' ..": 31 300 Tellow Jacket.. "22
800 Overman,"......; 17 * "' . ¦ \ ¦*
Contra Costa.. 73 75 (Spring Valley I S7}£ — -
Marin County. 53%' — . j . " -¦¦¦'.'
. GAS AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent L & P.... 3 '— Pacific Lt......429i 43U"
Equitable ..... S*i 3% Sacramento ...— —
Mutual Z% — S F G & E.... 36% 36%
Oakland 50 ••— San Francisco.^ 4^4 4%
Pacific Imp.... 34 36 Stockton ...... 7& —
INSUBANCE.
Firem's Fund.235 245 J -
¦;. BANKS..
Anglo-Cal 73^4— LP&A 147 —
California 406 — Mer. Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO6^ilOTii S F National.. — 125
First Nat. 310 315 - .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 S*v & Loan... — —
Humboldt ...'..— — Security ......273 —
Mutual 50 — Union' i. ...... — —
San Francteco.515 — ' ' .
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 140 OSL & H.... 40 —
Geary .47%— Presldto. ...... 23 30 ¦
Market ........ '&£¦ 71 : ' . .
POWDER. j ,
Giant 72% 74 IVigorlt -. 2T4 3i*
SUGAR.-
Hana 7% 8. Kilauea »..;.. 16^ 18%.
Hawaiian 50 55 ' Makaweli ...... 38% 39
Honokaa -25 — Onomea .1 — 26 •
Hutchinson ... 18% 18% Paauhau ...... 25% —
' MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 135 138 Oceanic ' SS.... 47% —
Cal Fruit Can. — 87 : Pac Ant F AL 2 1 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax.. — —
Mer Ex -..U0- — Part Pulnt...'. lft —
Morning: Session.
Board— . <
80 Giant. Powder Con .•.../... '.... ':.'.. .73 00 .
5 Hawaiian Coml '& Sugar...... '53 00
210 Hawaiian Coml «£ Sugar... ......... 50 CO .
50 Honokaa S Co........._.^.u-. 26 50
50 Honokaa S Co _«'..J .. 26 00 .
- 60 Honokaa S Co .....-'...-._-... 25 50
50 Honokaa S Co ......._.J.: 25 25 .
S25 Honokaa S Co -.... — 25 00
W Honokaa S Co..:......-...: 25 12%
20 Hutchinson S P Co...;.:..:.... 15 CO
50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation' Co.. .....16 50 •'
50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co....... 16 00
50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.. 15 50
25 Paauhau S P Co.... '....... J ....... 27 00
• 75 Paauhau S P Co:."....' JU... '..... '26 00
85 S F Gas. and Electric Co...: 36 To
11000 S P of A bonds <1»69).. ...JL. ...... .113 ZS
50 S V Water : „..'...:.: 87 E0
5 S V Water ...... ._.... .;...! 87 62%
Afternoon? Session.'
Board — - • •
. 10 California Fruit Canners'.J.:... S7 00
5 Giant Powder Cba- ...'....4... 73 00
10 Hawaiian Coml &.' : Sugar. _'. .'..../.„ 51 00 j
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s....^-......».102 CO
150 Honokaa S Co. — . :. — .— :... 23 00 -
, 150 Honokaa S Co..:..,.:......^...... 25 25
20 Hutchinson S P Co _ .19 00
35 Hutchinson S P Cd......:^.......... IS 75
75 Kilauea Sugar. PCo.... r ... 16 00
50 Kilauea Sugar PCo......._ 16 50
: 20 Makaweli .39 00
20 Oakland Gas ;.j, , 50 00 '¦
25 Paauhau S P Co... ...¦. .28 50
• 25 Paauhau S P. Co.. ::..J, ....... 25 25
; 125 Paauhau S -P Co..'..:.:.U i-. ..,-..;. 26 CO
./ 5 Paauhau>:S'PCo.*.;,;;V;;;.l.;.;.i.... 2S 12y.
25 Pacific Coast Borax....... .'_:...:.. ".."152 00 "
45 S F .Gas and Electric; Co.-'.:. ;..:.'. .'36 SO
45 S F.Gas and Elc;trlo Co.. 1 ...... 36 37%
.75 S:F Gas.' and Electric Co......; 36 25
, 10S P Gas and Eloc^ic Co.'. 36 12%
45 S F Gas and El«-jtric Co— ....;....-. 36 62V
10 S F Gas and Electric. Co, s 90 36 50 ~
$4000 S V 4s (2d.mtge).....^.. 103 00 -
? 100 Vigorlt Powder. .'.......„ 300
PRODUCERS' OIL IJXCHANGE. ' ;
WATER STOCKS.
Do 1 c m 56.101 — ¦-. (1905). ser A..106% —
Markt-st C 63. — 127^4 (19(5), ser B-lOT^i —
Do 1 c m os.122 123% (1906) ........110 — -
Nev Co R 7s.. — llSMi (19H) :. — — .
Nor R Cal 6s.ll3% — ; SrP of Cal 1st - ¦¦
Do 5s — — •'. cp gntd g 5s. 103 ' ~ .
Nor. Pac C 6S.100 — S P "Br Cal 6s.l34%— j
Do 5s 108^108% S V Wat 6s....il3ii — !
Nor. Cal R 5s.. — UiV- Do 4s..:......lC2T4 —
Oak Gas 5s. ...IIOM «-a . Do 4s. 3d m.. — 103^4
Do Tran 6s..U6%117^ Stktn Oas 6s. .100' —
Do Wat Ss... — .— '.
Bay Co P 53... 104 . — Oceanic S 5s... 103 .104
Cal-st 5s.... ....117 — ' Omnibus R 6s. 126 , — f
C C Wat 5s... .110 — Pac G Imp 4s.. — % — i
Ed L & P 6s..l281il33% Pk & C H 6s. .103,: -i- |
Fer & CI R 6s.llo — Pk & O R^s.i.lW - —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s.. 120 .' — '
H C & S 5%S..1O6# — SacE G R 5s..— 100 :"
Do 5s.. 102 — S F &' SJV 5s.l20^4 — i
Los Ang R 5s. 113 113& Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s.. — 102 Js P of A 6a "
-DoTBntd 6s.. — 104 |V<i909> ;....;..— —
Do gntd 5S..100 — I (1910) ...:.... .114 —
L A & Pac 5s. 102% — IS P of C 6s
MISCELLANEOUS ' BONDS
'Bid. Ask. i ."•'.'" " ,: "^Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113^114 - 4s qr cp'(new)13S^139
4squar reg....H3%113% 3s quar. coup... 109fcll<fti'
UNITED STATES BONDS.
FRIDAY, May .3—2 p. m,
000 by an appropriation of that amount from
the reserve. The authorized -and subscribed
capital is $1,250,000 < in 1250 . shares of the ; par
Value of J1000 each. , The action jtist taken will
make the amount' paid .up $800 per share or
$1,000,000. Dividends have been'/ per cent .per
annum. ' " - -.. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Coat'vi ued Tj'om Page Ten.
THE SAX FEANCISCG CMiL, SATURDAY, MAY, 4. 1901.
13
. . BAY. AND ; BIVEB , STEAMEBS.
'.;' -Steamer *', Montlc'ello."
M'qn...;tues., : weix.^.thurs.: andisat.
it 9:45 a. nv. 3:13," 8:30 p. ! m.*- (except Thurs-
dav, night) ; Fridays, 1 p. . m.?and ; 8:30; Sundays
10:30. a.rm.,-'8'p." m.;"; Landing: and "office. Mis-
slon-st. Dock, ; Pier No. 1 3. Telephone Main 1308/
Ml'SICAL IXSTnCSIEXTS- — Con.
$,'» I'PRIGHT. UK Knah«. $135 Pteinway k.
Sons, ut FAY'S riano factorr, 1723 Mission.
AT. WILSON'S Stnrnro. 1T0K Markrt Ft., you
«-iin pet Ftorajrf pianos almost for a sonc
PTGGKST barcain 'n Fisher upHeht nlano:
nearly new: muyt be poM. 3C1 Jone* Ft.
mOW-GRAPE pinno«: Fteck. Hainsi. Con-'
W'W and other?. Wllry n. Al'en Co.. 314 P.iFt.
n»R« ATV— jitiff b» nice "inrleht niann.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Ribernla Bank.
AX TCKFFFITS. ?SS Market' et... 4. elegant on-
rlcht* nt your own iirioe. Rhnnrneer sooner.
ST-mrpjoR violins, zither?. oM sitrl new. II.
MIXT.KR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WrrEK'P news for 5 <~ents=— T>>e W«. F klv Call.
!« r«po«. In for malilnir. 51 nor vear.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
FTORe with Ilvinp rooms In hack: Rultahi?
'or any tnisIneMs; stable; rent cheap. - 1506
Gnliien Gp.te ave.
5 STORES w <th fixtures and 4 llvlns rooms
with each; good ot<\ct: fine business location;
low rent. Arrly ??« Harrison Et.
HALF of deen%tor<»; rent $6. 1111 Valencia St..
near Twenty-third. ' -
I.TOHT. P-nr.y omc^ $15 to $C0. Emma Spreck-
oil-. :
COPTA Rica. 10 cents per share, will make you
rich; vou cannot lose your money; stock iruar-
»nte«d hv S. F. real ertate bonds, certified to
r-v Cal. Fafe Dfnoeit and Trust Co.: send for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
rnrrt Co.. S?6 Pest Ft.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands Jn th«
V>«^t <*!strict?; investigate; Fearless Oil and
V.'pfr Co.: a cood mvfKtraent: water trans-
wrtstlon. 4f« Exr.miner blsr.. <M nth. Oakland.
OTT. lands in the "heart of Coallnpa district.
?1 25 per acre. AMERICAN EXPLORATION
CO.. ma Call building. "*
Oil. larks, second-hanii. In siort order; all
¦JW— ' oh(>»B. H. P. 'WTTTTP 1 . RM Mission st.
OIL LAXDS.
OTT, Jand« for Kale or lease in nil part* of the
'vTe can fnrnlsh you with lands In the
*>e«t localities. If you are looking for land"
rr xrish to invest In stocks of the leadlne oil
«-Trtianles <"*]\ nn us before coins: elsewhere.
PHFA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
7? too ACRES oil land In various counties for
lease and sale. ROBITCRON. ?6 -Geary Ft., r. 6.
PAIVTEttS AXD DECORATORS.
(vVlX, j-,awr. window shndes: rooms papered.
tin. .Tersen & Bath. SflS Sixth: onea even.-
PALMISTRY.
H FOSSELL.I. scientific palraift,.S15
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5C1.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; character read-
ing-: lessons In class, tjiivate. 204 Ellis, r. IS. ;
PART.\ERS WAXTED.
WAJTTKD — Poctor an r>artner on new- dlscov- j
ery. Bcv S??S. Call office. i
PATBXTS AXD PEXSIOXS. ¦
ADVICE free: ne charee uafegs successful.
GEO r>. CAMPBELL. Ijiw^er. Examiner blcr.
_~ PERSOXALS.
NOTICE i* lM-reb?' riven that my i^ife. DOR-
OTHY COWMAN MOOERS. and myself are
no longer living tojfi^iher as man and~wife;
that she has no claim* upon me for support
and I shall not be ••csrxmslble for any debts
<rntract»d bj- her of any character whatso-
ever. E. D. MOOERS.
Phoenix, Ariaona. April 20, 1901. - .
V.'OilEN', children killed daily through com-
pulsory vaccination. Is this, a free country? :
SOMETHING to eat — Home dinlnc-room. 27 i
.Market st., €th floor, is open for business as :
usual and the best home lunch or dinner in
town awaits all who come.
TO work in garden or . drive — Ladies' leather
gloves, 3c; all styles. Gloves for men, wo-
men cr boys at SMITHS', 27 Market st.
BEST taste, "The Superior"; skillful hair
dressing: wrinkles vanished; gray hair re-
stored; expert masseurs. 14 McAllister, rm. 69.
NOME— If coingr ret your outfit to eat,' to wear
sr.d to sleep in at SMITHS'. 27 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie Et.
STEAMER F. M. Smith leaves S. F. for San
Jose xJatly except Saturday at-, Jacksorr-st.-
wharf - : ...
A WOMAN, one Eide badly wrinkled, the other
made smooth; also freckled rirl; remedies
guaranteed permanent : call— seeing- is. believ-
ing. N. Y. Irst. Dermatology. 105 Ellis. S. F.
A NEVr and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown.
auburn cr red, and btocde hair a rich golden,
in from four to . twelve hours,' according to
fhade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHEB-
JiAX. <&S Sutter Et. . '
A — IF your hair Is falling- or you are bald, cail
on DK. (i. E. MOORE, 4S8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively cuaranteod: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
AFFLICTED, come! We will locate your tlis-
ease free without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling: pulse; tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless Instru-
ments; this is not a faith cure, but sclenti-
fic treatment. Nervo Pathic Co.. 527 Larkln.
C'GARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
heme; $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, ?U drug habits. MRS.
¦WILLIAMS. It33 Polk Et.. San Francisco.
II TVEEKLT — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dresf suits, $20 up; eie-
ram overcoats. U5 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market et., between Seventh- and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light tn every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
rr,c to II SO per nirht; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus end baggasre to and from the feny.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-Quarter
r-r double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1210-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-.
irurinp: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
Dr. Harriett 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years* exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
OLD irold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. S17 Market Bt. .
Ladies' and cents' cast-off clothing bought and
Fold. J. Silver-man. 9S4 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 119L
C. LANDECKER. 20 .Monttr'y— Watches cleaned
and repaired.no matter what's broken.$l:guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna;- restores gray
hair to Us natural color; tl: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wig?;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Butter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all Srugglsta
CHEAPEST and be«t Jn America— The "Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
TTnited States or Canada one year for $L
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence"
1011 Market et, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG RIM., herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
tegtlmonlalg at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
- PI - cy . I -9 r^Ef- PLIES -
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 2» Market St.. for finest wines and
liouore: blfrgest house: open Sundays.
.~ " . PILES-
NEARLY 1009 permanent cores here In your
ntMst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
eurgery or delay from business, • and . no
calves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
dan. box 1S50. Call office. 8. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE CITV— FOE SALE.
J CHOICE~anTmeII-located lot*. 25x120 lnliicht
mono, nrlce reduced to $6Ss each; a splendid
buy; onfwest side Eleventh are., north from
Clement', on the elevated ground; fine marine
view; all street work done; electric cars with-
in a few stepa ; the lots cost 112*0. each and
were selected on account of the location and
view. W. J. GUNN, £30 California st. - -
HANDSOME residence on Presidio Heights,
having 7 bedrooms and others to match:
everything in the pink of condition and must
be sold; price of hou&e and lot $7250: the fur-
nishings complete may also be bought at auc-
tion prices. Address letter for particulars to
"Owner," care WM. M. de WOLF, 323 Clem-
ent st.
BARGAIN — That elegantly decorated, now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole St.; open dally.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then cail on TV. J. CUNN. 630 California st
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
- plan* furnished. Salisbury. builder. 1333 Market.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE. '
IFOR BALE— In Ross Valley.' 7 minute.-.' walk
- from 6«J» Anselmo . station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 60x;00;
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J, L TAYLOR, 104 Eanaome «.
I • ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ;
FIFTH. S33 — FurniEhod housekeeping; 2 sunny,
: 412; 3, 520; 2 parlors > and kitchen.
¦GEARY. 813%— Three furnished housokeeping
¦ rooms; gas stove; bath. .. ¦
GOLIJEN GATE ave., €22— Sunny bay-window
euites of 3 rooms, nicely fur. r, Eras; bath.:
HOWARD. V2R— I^arge room for, 2; reasonable;
nent rooms for 1,' $o* t -or S rooms for houSe-
" keeping; gas.
LANGTON, 255V4— Three nicely furnished -sunny
• rooms, complete housdkeening; private family.
LARKIN. S04— Large- Bunny ¦ -front room and
back room, $8 and $10; also furnished house-
. "keeping rooms. ¦ -. .. ' - ...
LASKIE. 27, off Mission, bet. Eighth and Ninth
-t-3 sunny furrrished- rooms for housekeeping.
NEW AUBURN HOUSK, 334 Third St.— House-
¦ • kcepins rooms, suitaL-lj for family; reference.
OAK, 119—1 large sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; stove, closet; $9.' '
ONE Jarge front sunny room and. kitchen.' fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; re-nt $10
per month. Inquire at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion St., between 1st and 2nd sts^ ¦"'....
SIXTH. 541— Sunny front and back parlor for
housekeeping'. $36. - * '.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, .2300 FUlmore.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1D9S
Valencia st. . "-, ' : „- •
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 221 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel in city: polite attendance;
large rooms, COc up; meals 25c: free, coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, . 14S Sixth-,Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
-light housekeeping rooms;, open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old .No. 13G4J— Fur^
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Jloom-renting Bureau, 22 Kearpy st.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN,- Eoutheast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
Eingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HAYES, 136— Single sunny room, .suitable for
gentleman; rent $5 50. - ...
J- HOWARD, 513— Double and. single, rooms; from
I ,75c upwards. . ¦ . '.^
HOWARD, 170814— Nicely furnished , suite of
. sunny rooms; also single; gas; use bath.
HOWARD court, 5— Furnished rooms, quiet,
for -gentlemen. . . / .
ILLINOIS, 924, Potrero— 2 large rooms suit-
able for restaurant. ' . . ' ,
JESSIE,. 303, cor. Fourth— Nicely ; furnished
front rooms. ' ' ' ; V- •
MCALLISTER, 324 — Two furnished . rooms to
| 'rent; running water. ; . '¦'
! MINT ave.. 22— Sunny furnished rooms, single
or en suite, from $1 up.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 ' Market St.— Nicely
• furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1103, cor. Geary— Sunny confer bay-
window, folding bed, Welsbach; 1, $9; 2, $10.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week. mo. ;
ROSEDALE House, 313-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $1: open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
\ lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
I $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
! rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
j SHERMAN. Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
j near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
j SOUTH , PARK, 46— Nicely furnished sunny.
;. bay-window front room to let. . .
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room suit-
¦ able for a gentleman, ?6 per month.
¦ TURK. 268 (The Lake)— New house: newly fur-
! . nished; . modern; board optional. Phone
j South .422. ,'.:'... ..; ¦¦¦'¦.
TURK, 543. near Polk— Single room for gen-
], tleman. with ..bath, $1 per week. ' ' 4
VAN NESS. 330 ....-.:
¦ Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; tourists. . *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmpre st.
ROO3IS AXD BOARD.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st., between Harrison and Bryant.
AT .summer rates; attractive rooms; special
" table;- wine dinners. 807 California- *t. * .- •-
ROOMS AND BOARD WAITED.
WANTED — Board and room for . gentleman,
. wife and child, or furnished .house, near Carl
St.. Golden Gate Park. Box 3079," Call office.
YOUNG, man and wife wish rooms and board
in private family haying stable accommoda-
tlons for horse and buggy. Box 3069. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
"WANTED — By a • single -. man a furnished or
unfurnished room, about 14 by 18 feet, with
bath, toilet and wardrobe, in a new house.
Address box 3084, Call office.
WANTED— Unfurnished office or room, $3 or
go month, near Call building.' Box 3065. Call.
I SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
¦ 415 Montgomery!. St., rooms 9-19; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIED
SECOND-HAND machines all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.; Dhone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nrM5th.
ALL. kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
. paired ; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co ,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713. •
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission stT;
: tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
! PACIFIC Storage and Furnitura Moving Com-
pany, 2320Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. .
GOLDEN ' WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
; *slon St.; tel: Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
: - ¦.)¦:¦ TO LEASE. ¦-'¦¦• .
LOVELY HOME. ~ ' \ i
To lease for a long term to- responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, in
. Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
• pot; consisting of about 25 acres, of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc. ;- lovely cottage,- .furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc. ; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
3841, Callofflce. . . , ' ,..¦ .
. TYPEWRITERS ASP SUPPLIES/
GREAT BARGAINS IN '"TYPEWRITERi— W<!
. sell better machines for less money than any
house :ln the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
' Exchange, 636 California;. telephone Main 266.
LEGAL ADVEBTISEMBXTS.
IN the Superior Court In and for the City and
County of San Francisco," State "of California
— In the matter of the estate of EUGENE
TANIERE, deceased. - ¦
ETIENNE TANIERE, executor of the last
will and testament of EUGENE TANIERE,
. deceased, having this day presented and filed
herein his duly verified petition, praying for
an order, authorizing him as such executor to
borrow money and to make a note, • and to
¦ mortgage the reajty hereinafter described, for
the purpose of . paying existing .notes and
mortgages and costs and chargesof this pro-,
ceeding andof procuring, a- new loan: -' v
••And it appearing to this court from ; such
verified petition that ft .is necessary ' and
proper that such order should be made;
•IT IS NOW ORDERED by said. court that
all persons interested in the estate of said
decedent appear before this cpuit on MON-
DAY, the 27th day of May, A. D. 1901, at 10
o'clock in the forenoon of said day, at the
conrtroom of Department 10 of said Superior
Court, at the New. City Hall. In said city and (
county of San Francisco, then and. there; to
show cause why that : certain- lot, -piece or
¦ parcel of land, situate,' lying and -being in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, particularly bounded ¦ and - ; de-
scribed as follows,' to wit: .-.. '.¦'-.
. ¦ Commencing at the northwesterly corner of
. Hyde and McAllister streets, '¦ thence wester- :
ly and along. the northerly 'line of McAllister
street seventy (70) ; feet; thence- at /.right
angle* northerly - one hundred and fourteen
(114) feet and six (6) inches; thence at right
angles easterly severity (70) feet to the, west-
erly line of Hyde street ; thence : at :: right
'. angl«s southerly . along , said line: of 'Hyde
, street one hundred and . fourteen • (114) ; f *;t
and six (6) inches to the point of commence-
iment," being a portion. of the parcel of land
known on the offlcUl map of the city and '
county of >San Francisco as fifty; (50) I vara- •
lot number 1338. or some part thereof, should
.'; not be mortgaged by said', petitioner, executor
' aforesaid, for the 3um- of twenty-two • thou-
•' sand five ($22,500) ¦ dollars, ; or. such-
'' lesser amount • as- to the -court shall -seem'
« meet, and . reference Is ; hereby made to said
"-; petition' now on file: . herein for full par-
ticulars. '¦- • -•- . •'-¦.'-.¦' :.; '-'<¦
•• It -Is further ordereJ- that a copy, of -this
• order be published -at 'least once a week -for
- 'four successive ..weeks • in' the ; San Francisco'
1 'Call, a .newspaper- " cf,> general';, circulation,":
.printe'd and published; in the city and county
i of - San' Francisco. - '. ; ¦,'-''¦ .' ! . .:•.
i- D6ne. T in. open court this 26th ¦¦ day 1 of ,' April,
"./.y.-'V'T". ¦¦¦: ' .. ,;j. ; ' .V.'\COFFEY,-, Judge. .'
HEAL ESTATE— COiStRV— For Sale
lit;T in Kapa County: ' no drcuKhts. no irriga-
tion, no failure ot .crops; write us for free
ropy "Napa County ViticulturUt." - The W.
A. MACKINDER CO- St. Helena. Cal.
$15 PER acre buye . cood land for homes.
"Write J. .T. BAMBER, Skyland, Santa Cruz
County, Cal.
fl2 TO PKR »crr. terms at that if desired: *0
. acres good land. bP2r:ns orchard, small house,
near school. CHAS. WILLMOTT, 916 Market.
IJARION GRIFFIN.-' Real Kstate. Agent. 719
Market st.. by Call Llag.— Free circulars Oe-
fcribing Unr.s for ,<ale all over, this State^
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write tor
free list. C. R. WINFIKLD. Petaluma. Cal.
WKITF J. \fi HORN. Ni:'.Mal!». PeUluma. for
i frw copy of Sornma <>>. n»nl «»^tat<» bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATB. y
ATTENTION!!
Great bargains in estates where the prop-
erty must be sold within the next 60 days. -
LoEs, fine homes, water fronts, etc. Call
¦ early. * E. D. JUDD & CO.,
. . 1424 Park St.. Alameda.
WAXTED— An offer for new. cottage, 5 rooms:
choice location: will build anywhere in Ala-
meda or Berkeley; will furnish plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Duilder, 1243 Park st. •
ALAMEDA Ft'RXISHED MOUSES.
TO Let— Furnished house, 8 rooms and bath;
large grounds, with orchard: near station;
terms reasonable. Inquire 780 Railroad, ave.,
Mastick station, Alameda. t . - ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
?1500 — 6-room house: large lot; all fenced: half
block to electric cars; 4 blocks to local.
JC500 — Income property in center of town;
rents for ?71 per month. .
SSoOO— The finest home In beautiful Berke-
ley: lot 100x130; barn and all conveniences of
a home.
Apply L. S. QUACKENB.USH, opposite
First National Bank. " . '
$2750 — NEW 3-story house; complete in every
particular; thoroughly well built: street work
all done; near the electric cars and railroad.
$3000— Fine new house of 9 rooms ; lot 52x160 ; j
gras and electric lights; excellent view of bay
and near university.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. I'
Real Estate. Berkeley Station, j
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL. ESTATE.
$1750— 5-room cottage, modern, stable; lot 50x140.
Inquire Hanson's shoe store, 'Fruitvale, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY:
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
TO-DAY! i
TO-DAY! - < ' !
-TO-DAY! '
TO-DAY! :
TO-DAY!
¦ « . TO-DAY! / ¦
TO-DAY!. .
TO-DAY! ¦
• ' TO-DAY!
TO-DAY!' ' :
• • AT AUCTION".
AT AUCTION. ¦ j
AT AUCTION..'
AT AUCTION.
. • AT AUCTION.
' Bank Properties.
SATURDAY, MAY 4, '
2 p. m., . at office. .
YOUR RENT WILL" BUY.
A HOME.
Payments Include principal and Interest.
A clean-up at your Price. .
At less than houses cost.
BERKELEY HOME— $200 cash, $2» mo.: 3025
Ellis st.. nr. Prince; bet. Lorin and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2-story Colonial 7-room; bath; 2
mantels; fine order; 42x109: street' complete.
GOLDEN .GATE OR. LORIN-STA. COT-
TAGE— J150 cash, $15 mo. : 1031 . Sixty-third or
.Felton Bt.; 2. blocks -San 'Pablo' ave_; . bayrwln-
dow; 5 rooms;- bath; brick foundation; nice
order; 50x162. . .
LORIN STATION LOTS— $50 cash. $5 per mo. :
N. s. C2d or Crawford St., -2 blocks east San
Pablo ave.; 2 lots, each 50x168. -
GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo.: E3d or Mattle ave.: 2 blocks San Pablo
cars; 6 rooms; mantel; brick foundation: stable;
40x109; newly painted; choice neighborhood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT— $25 cash. $5 mo.;
S. s. Garrison. 291 E. San Pablo: 33x126.
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash, $5 mo.;
S. s. 43d St.. 90 ft. W. of Market: 2 lots, each
£0x100: near electric cars and new ferry.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE— $150 • cash, $15 mo.:
1918 Broadway: 5 blocks Park-st. local; cozy; 6
rooms, bath; ~60xl25: shrubbery; nice order. ' '
CHOICE CENTRAL | EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash. $30 ma: 1JS0 13th ave.. cor.
E. 18th Bt. ; near station; fine 2-story; 9 rooms;
2 .toilets; 3 mantels; furnace; gras fixtures;
choice .neighborhood; first-class condition.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— ?150 cash. $15
mo.; S57 E. 21st St., nr. 19th ave.; bay window;
6 rooms; bath"; lot 50x143; newly painted; fronts
electric cars: ptreet macadamized.
TWENTY-THIRD- AVE. COTTAGE — $250
cash, $23 ma; 1127 E. 20th sL : 23d -ave. cars;
modern;. 7 rooms; bath; fine order; beautiful
view; near station, churches, schools: lot 75x150.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $100 cash; $10
mo.; 1007 E. 23d St.. nr. 21st av«.; 3-room cot«
tage; elevated; 50x140; good neighborhood.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash;
$12 B0 ma ; 1004 E. 22d St., nr. 21st ave. ; cozy
bay-window; 4 rooms; basement; brick foun-
dation: 25x140: sightly: near cars, school.
STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash. $15 mo.; 1570
and 1572 21st ave. ; E. 21st St. cars half block:
modern: double bay-window, 2-story;. shelving,
fixtures; flat 5 rooms; bath; mantel; street
macadamized: 27:6x125; see this.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. COTTAGE—
$150 cash, $15 mo.: £41 Kennedy st.; eta. 1
block; bay-window; 6 rooms; bath; brick foun-
dation; macadamized; splendid home. ¦ • •' •
E. O. CORNER LOT— $50 cash. $5 mo.; NE.
cor. 15th ave. and E. 17th Bt.; 42x90; near 23d-
ave. Eta.: adjoins nice improvements.
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash. $5 mo. ;
S. ». -Washington, 100 feet E. Brandon st. ; 25x
125: homes adjoining; 3 blocks of station. : •
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT— $25 cash,
$$ mo.: N. side E. Ninth Bt., 225 E. of 28th
ave. ; 25x100.
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash, $12 B0
mo.; First ave.; block power-houses; modern;
bay-window: 5 rooms; bath; barn ;¦ 60x150.
ELMHURST COTTAGE-J160 , cash, $12 60
mo.; Third st., nr. Jones ave,; new; bay-win-
dow: 6 rooms; bath; 40x125; cement walks.
ELMHURST LOT— $25 cash; $5 rao.: SW.
cor. Orchard and Third ave.; Stone- Tct.; 60x-
140; 3 blocks cars: powerhouse. '
REMEMBER DATE. .
SATURDAY. MAY 4. AT. 2 P. M.
.Write for maps. Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Salesroom 460 and 462 8th st.; Oakland.' .
TO-DAY! f-i ¦
. TO-DAY! . -
TO-DAY!
* ' - - TO— T5ATT' ¦ ¦
TO-DAY I
. ¦ - TO-DAY!
TO-DAY 1
NEW HOMES! " ~~~~~
New Homes! i ' '' .
New Homes! \
.¦¦'; For Sale!,
, . .For Sale!
' -.. For Bale! ' - ; ' • • ' .
In tha course of construction, 12 modern
homes in parts of town ranginsr in" price from
$1400 for 6-room cottages, to $5500 for fine mod-
ern homes of 8 rooms and bath.
These places are located In Lorin, Berkeley
and Oakland and any one looking for a' home
should be Bulled. ' Apply for further informa-
tion and permission to inspect same.
A. J. SNYDER & CO.,
467 Ninth St.,'
. . ' Oakland.
$2250— LOOK AT THIS. . . .". • •
. Fine modern cottage . of - 6 roo'm*, bath, etc.,
high basement, only a few blocks from the
Central Bank; mortgage $1650 can stand;' nice
open lawn.
- GEO. W. AUSTIN. & CO.."'
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
NEAR CENTER STATION. .
8 rooms, sunny eide, above' 7th st.; rented
now; inspect It any time; a big bargain;- I ¦
GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO..
• ' ¦¦' ¦ . 1008 -Broadway, Oakland.'
COZY HOME. $15. MONTHLY. '.;- ,
Eastlake cottage," 6 rooms, i basement, bath :
bay window; street work complete, stono
walks and lawn; total only $1500. . -
¦ GEORGE W. AUSTIN & CO.,
2_ - ¦' ' 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY. '-'
Cozy cottage and large lot; fronting 'on two
j 6treet»; owner out of town; chance to cet a
snap. «.- ' >.. . ° . .
- ¦{ }¦'•': GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.
¦ ¦-"" - 100^ Broadway. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
; 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $i per year.
OAKtiXD FCajflTHRE j | FOR j SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. ScheilhaaTTthe
-.furniture dealer. Uth and Franklin, Oakland.'
• " J -'.' DIVIDEND" i NOTICES.? J
DIVIDEND NOTICE— T^e~Gia7ir^owder Cotn^
¦ pany. Con.— A dividend (No. 29) of seventy-
' five centV (75c) '.per' share on the issued capl-'-
. tr.l | stock^ of • the company has been declared
payable.' 1 at- the of flee . of the ,'. company, : 430
California st.,' San Francisco, on May 10, 1901."
Transfer ¦ books close Maj-3, 1901.: at noon. A.-
A. SPAP.KS. Secretary. -¦;¦ - ¦-¦
¦,:^,\. * . 'proposaLsT 7 ¦ . • ' -.!-:r.-,'-. ;
TREASURY Department, office of the Super-
vising Architect, Wahhlngton, D. C, April
22, 190J.— Sealed proposals will be received at
this.pitlce until' 2'' o'clock p. m. : on the ' 4th
day of June, 1901, and then "opened, for. the
surgeon's residence zX the United States»Ma-
rine Hospital,', San Francisco, Cal., In ac-
cordance with "drawing —and -specification,
copies of which may be had at the discretion
' of the Supervising Architect by- apply.ing.,.to
this office or to the Custodian of the Station
' at San Francisco,- Cal. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR, • Supervising Architect. .'
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following -marriaee licenses jvere ! Issued
yesterday: '¦ -• - '¦'-,. .> ¦¦¦ -•
George E. Furnlss, 55, 664 Mission street, and
Annie HoXell, 38, 175 Minna street. • '
Walter.. T— Wilson, 23, city,' and Effie C
Canterbury, 20, Stockton. •
'Jean S. Garrisues, ¦ 27, : 639 Pine street, and
Nathalie A. Goudy, 23, 633 Pine street.
Francis W. Lucier, 26, 1317.- Folsom street,
and Mary M. Colbert, 21, 112 Colton street.
Ellsworth J. Miller, 44, Stockton, and Louise
C. Pope, 42, Stockton. ,- " •
Sylvester A. rprummond, 46. Riverside, and
Elizabeth C. -Drummond, 42, Riverside.
'- August Hancen, 35, 715 Gough streef and
Minnie Becker, 25, S37 Sutter street.
Frank E. Spence, 30, . 1910 Dupont street, and
Laura Pearson, 19, 2006 ; Powell, street. •
George A., Riley, 122, 412 Fourth street, and
Alice Qulnn, 19, Los Angelee.
" BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
, Birth, marriage and death notices i sent by
mail will not be inserted.' They must be handed •
in' at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence ¦ of per-
sons , authorized to have the same published. V
.-:' . . ',, : [ born. ¦ •¦;¦ ¦" f.\-
GORDON— In this city. May 2. 1901, to the
wife of George Gordon. . a son. .... . ¦ " . ,
NELSON— In . this . city. April SO, 1901, to the
wife of ¦ N. Nelson, : a daughter. .
STOLP— In Oakland, ¦ May 2, 1901, to the wife
of Fred A. .Stolp, a. daughter. -¦¦'¦¦ . ;
•...•: MARRIED. ' -;¦¦•-
HARMS— CLAIBORNE— in this city, April 30.'
1901, by the Rev. W. M. • Reillj', rector of . St.'
Paul's Church, Alfred Gustav Harms and
I Josephine Eastland . Claiborne. ,-
• ; --DIED. \ : ;."_¦; :.-;¦¦ ~~
Adams, Mary T. ; Kahef. Daniel J.
Bacigalupi, Bartolo- Lane, William H.
¦ meo • . Lindsay, Margaret'
¦ Baily, William \ Ijove, Mary '.
.Clegg, Thoma,s E. . . '• Lyon, Frank? T. ¦"- .
Dinneen, Patrick J. -McCarthy, Justin "W.
• Doherty, Mollie , McLean, Jane-R>
Duden, Adolphine McGrath, Ellen -.
Ferguson. John L. Mullins, Kitty F. ' .
Foley, Alfred E. ; . Nelson, Henry R.
' Fritz, John A. . . ' Nelson, Osmond G.
Ginn, George A. . O'Connor. John
. Gleason, Thomas L. Oeverndiek. Fredrick
Hadeler. Claudina E. . Rogers, John*C.
Harrison, Abbie A. i Siebel, John
Hatton, Francis J. Sweeney, John
Hopkins. James R. Van Bergen, Harriet
Jackman." Margaret Walker, Cast. Thos.
Jacobi, Jennie : . .
j»r. ¦
ADAMS— In this city, May -2, 1901." Mary T.,
I beloved wife of Louis Adams, ! a- native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years 8 months I and.
-•8 days. . >- ¦ ..... -.... . ¦•.-.'-
BACIGALUPI— In this city. May 3, 1901, Bar-
tolomeo Bacigalupi of Jackson, Amador
County, beloved uncle of A. Cassinelli, a na-
tive of Italy, aged ¦ 63 years 1 1 month and 1
I day. ... ' .'. : -. •¦",-.. ¦ . . ,.
IC?*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Castagnetto & Ravenna, 643-645 Vallejo
¦street, between. Stockton street and Mont-
' gromery avenue. . . 1 ¦ .
BAILY— In this city. May 2. 1901,; William
Baily, a native of Ireland, aged 65' years.
CLEGG— In this city, May 2,- 1901, Thomas E.
Clegg. a native of San Francisco,, aged 40
years 8 months and 8 days.
. IE?" Funeral and. interment private.; . ,;.
.'DINNEEN— In Seattle, Wash., April 27, • 1901,-
. Patrick J. Dinneen,' beloved brother of Sister
Mary Mencini, O.'. P., Margaret and Nellie
Dinneen, Mrs. Mary - Hughes, Mrs. Ellen
. Donovan, Mrs. Nora Bow .and Mrs, Catherine
Smith, a native of County Cork, Ireland.
(Santa Cruz, Cal., and Boston, Mass. .^pa-
pers please copy.) ..- . . . •• ....,;
. [CT Friends, are respectfully invited to at-
tend the. funeral this -day (Saturday), at 9
o'clock, from the residence of his- sister,
:'Mrs.. Catherine, j.Smith,.' 30 . Octavia .street.:
"thence" to Sacred* 'Heart - Church;, .where a
solemn requiem mass, will -be celebrated for
the repose, of : his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.-
DOHERTY— In this city. May 2, 1901, Moliie
'Doherty, a native' of' California, aged 29'
years. ' • • • - S|
(C?'Remalns at the parlors of ' J. C. O'Cori-
• nor &' Co.,. 767 Mission street. Notice of fu-
¦ neral hereafter. ,: . • i ¦ ' ¦¦ : '¦
DUDEN— In this city. May '3, 1901, Adolphine
Duden, beloved mother of- Leopoldina Duden
of San Francisco and Anna and Han's Dtiden
of Texas, and grandmother of Emma Duden,
a native of Germany, aged 47 years 2 months
and 26 days. •
FERGUSON^-In this city. May S, 1901, John
L. Ferguson, .formerly of Gilroy, aged 71
. years. •'¦'.. ¦¦.¦¦' - " ' ' ¦•¦•.,
ttyRemains at the parlors of N. Gray- &.
Co., B41 Sacramento street. Interment pri-.
vate.*' •¦ - ¦/
FOLEY— In this city. May 2. 1901,- Alfred E.,
dearly beloved son of William E. and Mar-
garet A. Foley, and brother of Thomas M.,
I William R. and the late Francis Linus
Foley, a native of Sau Francisco, aged 1
year 3 months and 22 days. . ¦ '
C^Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of the parents,
911 Alvarado street. ' Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. [ . t
FRITZ-J-In- this city. May 1, 190L John A.
Fritz, ' beloved father of Fred and August
Fritz, Mrs. C. L. Haskell and Mrs. F. .A.
Hanke, «. native- of Wittenberg, Germany,
aged 79 yeara 1 month and 2S days. * • •
\ C7"Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street, under the auspices of-
Germania Stamm No. 83, and San Francisco
Grove No. -3, U. A. O. D. Interment Ma-
sonic-Cemetery. 1, , . . ¦
GINN— In the City and -County Hospital, May
3, 190L- George A. Ginn, a native of Cali-
fornia, ased 38 years. . ,
GLEASON— In this 1 city, May 2, .1901. Thomas
L. Gleason. beloved son of Timothy Gleason.
and brother of Joseph, . Frank and Daniel
Gleason and Margaret O'Dwyer, a native of
. .San Francisco, aged 23 years 3 months and
14' days.. ••-'. •• > ¦,•¦¦..-.'. •;-, J ; .. ¦¦'
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
"(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company,-. 405
Powell street, near" Post. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . , ¦
HADELER— In this city. May 2, 1901, Claudina
Ellse Irma, youngest- and dearly beloved
daughter of Diedrich and- Catharina Rebecca
Hadeler, and sister of Henry, .William, Em-'
¦ ma and Anna Hadeler, a;native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year .7 months and 22 days.,
• tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this . day
.(Saturday), at 1 .o'clock, from the family
residence, 1153 Octavia street, between Eddy
¦and Ellis." Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriage. . • • •• '
HARRISON— In' this city. May ,3.' 1901, Abble
A., beloved .wife of the late Hamilton Carter
Harrison, and „ mother of Mrs. Helen Carter
-Robinson, a native of Boston, Mass., aged
'68 years 6. months and 5 days,
Friends I and I acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral | Monday,
' ¦ May 6, 1901, from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden' Gate , Undertaking: Company, 2426
Mission street,- near Twenty-first. Interment*
•'.Tuesday, May. 7, 1901, . at ; Sacramento, ¦¦• Cal. ..
HATTON— In Alameda,. May 2, 1901, Francis
J. Hatton. beloved - husband of Jennie Hat-
. ton," father of Ruth W. and the late Reginald
Hatton; and ¦ son • of the late Francis and
Elizabeth Hatton . of Stockton-on-Tees, - Ens-
land, a native of France, ;aged 53 years and
' 19 days.i. ' " ¦- -. ¦•'• . ." v . . ; ;
¦". "{?'¦Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully* invited ¦¦ to attend the j funeral .- services
¦'. to-morrow (Sunday),; at — - o'clock,- at ' the
¦'¦ residence,' 1531, , Railroad •- avenue, ¦> Alameda.
Interment Odd Fellows',; Cemetery. , , .
HOPKINS-rln: this" city, May' 3.^1901, James
.Robert, beloved infant son of James E. and
3 Hannah - Hopkins. ' and . brother of- John ! R.,
Iillllan. George and Gertrude Hopkins, a na-
¦ 3 tive of San Francisco, aged 10 months and 23
days.:. '.,.'¦ : V :* -'''¦: ¦¦¦ ¦'¦ - : '.';.>¦ - !'. -hi ¦.^•v..;;>:
JACKM AN-In this city. May ; 1, 1901, Margraret
,. Jackman; a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
JACOBI*- In this city, -May 3, .1901." Jennfe, be-
loved ' wife of . Jacob Jacobi. and mother of
| Max . Jacobi, • , a native of Germany, - aged 56
. years. .' . ' . -^ , ' - .' • " • . : : , . *• :
:KAHER-In this city. May 3, 1901, DanielJ.,
M beloved son o? Mitthew P. and Mary Kaher,
. and brother of Ignatius Kaher, a native i of
. San ! Francisco, . aged 1 year 11 months and 23
¦;'days.,.-.- ¦ ¦ .- ; ,.". . ¦ ¦- '•.:.¦.-•'¦.•¦ ¦ .- ¦ ' • , - . ;• (¦,;- - c
LANE— In this city, May 2." 1801, ."William H '
beloved • husband of Felecla .C. Lane., and
: " HENRY J. "GALLAGHER* CO.
-.':. (Successor' tb;Flanna'gan-.& Gallagher.). i-. 1 -
1 .:• .'DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
• FUMERAL DIRECTORS AND EMB ALMER3 '
20 Fifth ¦' st.; opposite Lincoln School. .
¦.'.,-... Telephone .South 80. ;• ; ; -
¦.';¦.-. X; JAWBS?>McGINN, :^" : J
Formerly -with McQinnn' Bros ,'v.has opened I
new- Funeral Parlors at 214 f Eddy St.. bet. I
Taylor, and, Jones. ' ( Telephone South 576.- i -,« |
' • ¦ 27 and 29 Fifth Bfc .-fTel.*- South^167. "¦'¦ - •'
/l DNERAL . piKECTORS AND ;" EMBALKE B J.'£
'": Finest Equipment ¦ at Moderate ~ Rates. '*¦'¦:'
j OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific- Coast. Steamship Co.
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will SaU "
From Sah Francis 20 May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company** X«w
and Splendid Stcimshin
SENATOR
Fop Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY r/Oth.
The' Senator made fi«« trips to No to6 i.».
• year, beinc one of th a first to arrh /T them
anding all her passer^ers and freigh * wltfccut
loss, mishap or material delay lmu
For passenger rat'.-s apply TICKE' « OFFICE.
4 New Montgorier- street. » «*ita,
GOODALL, KJIRiJNS & CO.. G Xsrts
10 M-^^ t Street.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
! ikL" . ; W ha1?. m |a" n /SSSta?"*'*'
1 For AlasV* n ports-11 a. ir...
j^T^eMg'j June d. C /,an?e to company" »
! st !! ame £ ftt. Seattle,
i SVm&RiJ&i \ or D V1 '-' toria - Vancouver (B.
¦ VSiwi^? J V }> roi < Townsend. Seattle.
i£ jS racom - f * Everett. Anacortes
m and > tw Whatcom (Wash.)—
,. ' _ I »• Jn.. May 1. 6. 11. IS. 21.
!8. 31. June- 5 -and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at t JeatUe fo-/ tills company's steamers
for Alaska.' and G. &. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma tos. P. Ry.;' at Vancouver to C. P Ry
For Ein»>ka. HtrmboSdt Bay— 1:30 p. m.. May
3. 9. 13f. 7j. 23. 28. ;Juo» 2. and every fifth day
thereat- tw.-. • .-•
For f^afn Diego, stcjjplnff only at Santa Bar-
bara. rVjrt Los AnsaJas and Redondo <Los An-
sreles> Quef.n. "Wednesdays, 9 a. m. :
stearr ».• Santa Rosa . Sundays. 9 sk m.
For -'Santa Cruz. >fonterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. . Pert Harford' (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
San* t\ Barbara. Ve ntura. Hueneme. San Pedrc.
Eas>*. San Pedro 'ILos Angeles) and Newport—
Ste «ner Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nit a. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
7 for Ensenada; Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
0 Abo, Mazatlan> Altata. Laa Paz. Santa Rosa-
. ll« and Guaymas (Hex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
1 nonth. ¦ • " .
For furtheT- information obtain company's
holders.
'• < The i coma iny reserves the right to chanr» •
steamers, ? ailing- dates and hours of sailing
. without- j>rrvious notice. -
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
• street <P» lace Hotel*.
GOODALL. PF.RKTNS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
' 10 Market st.. San FranciscoL
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
: And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. - Through tickets to all
' points, all rmV t stenns'iin and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May S
*SS. GEO. W. ELDER ..Sails May S
:. D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.. S. F.
NORIflERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Sailing: Dates Approximate Only.
From San -Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora" ..May 1 May 7.
"Conemaugh" ..May 25 June 10.
"Portland" May 25
"St. Paul" June 1 June 8.
•"Dora" will pail via Juneau. Valdez. Kodiak.
Unga and Unalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par- ]
tlculars . apply to
¦NORTHERN, COMMERCIAL CO..
_- i. •....- 310 Sansome st.. San Francisco.
vaiyjVteSfc?>;-«otaas. J <ya- v^^^Tii'iffTiiiVfTitiiiTif •|P"
H Passenger and Freight Str. H
Q "JOHN S. KIMBALL." » j
\ » - TELLEB.Q0L0TNIH BAT.FOaT CLABE3C2 tl
I M SAILS MAY 25th. M
gj CONKLIN & CO.. 6S7 Market St. M
AMERICAN LINE.
NSW T03K. S0ITEHAHP70N, LOXDON. PABI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, -westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis.. May 13! St. "Paul ..June I!»
St. Paul.... May 20 St. Louis. ...... .June I*
St Louis. ..'..'.. .June 3'St. Paul July 10
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark May 13, Zeeland Jure 5
Pennland May 221 Friesland June 12
Kensington . ; . . . May 29| Southwark June 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. '
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISM-KAISHA.
STEAMERS TVILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. : No cargo received on board on
day of sailing-.
SS. AMERICA MARU."U><Jnesday. May 29. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU..TVednesday. July 17, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
: . W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
TWIN-SCREW FXPRESS xSRRVKE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
F.'BISMARCK MAY 0, IO A. At.
X>eutschland ....May 16|Columbla May 30
A. Victoria May 23|
Twin-Screw/ Passzngif Servlc<». *
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
?Batavia ;.'.' May lllPretoria ....May 25
Pennsylvania ...May lSl*Phoenicla June 1
•Sails to Hanibury direct.
Hamburg-Amerlcao Line. 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG &' CO.. General Agents for Pacifla
Coast. 401 California st.
APAanfo € € Pa HAW *"« syMA > ne *
uccaniC5.5.to. sssssgss
SS.7j||ERRA (via Honolulu) for Samca.
NQf Zealand and Australia
.;.« Thursday, May 9. 10 a. m.
SS. ¦ ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)....
. ........Saturday. May IS, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for .Tahiti.
....Sunday, June SO,, at 4 p. m.
J, D. SPBECKRS k BBOS. CO., Gsnara! Agents. 327 Haiiet St
genM Passeiqar OtSa, 613 Hartet St., Fi?r »a. I P3eii-: St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
•nH CIA SUD AY ERIC 'NA E VAPO^FS
To Valparaiso, stopping : at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street Wharf. 12 m. -.-V"*Jg»»WBfljBffla
PERU .•. May 3IPALENA May 30
GUATEMALA... May 15' LOA '.: June 12
-These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acaaulco or Panama.) Frelaht and
passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRBE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R.f^ 9 "
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *105 ; Steerage. *40.
S. S. Argyll .sails Saturday, May .11 *-';¦
S. S, Leelanaw sails Monday, June 3
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, dune £4
From Fremont-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. | F. | CONNOR. | Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPA8NIE GEKESALE TBAN3ATLANTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. rj^
Sailing every Thursday, instead- of <EtiCd&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •»»««»
North River.- foot of Morton . street. First class
to Havre, $55 . and upward. Second class - t a
Havre, J4a and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and 'CANADA; 31
Broadway (Hudson building), New. York; 3. F.
FUGAZI& CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 1 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Ticket* sold by
an Railroad Ticket Agent*. '
father of i Carlton V.. . Frank W. and Flor-
.' once Lane, 1 - a native of .Ohio, aged 56 years
¦ 11 months. and 27 days. . . . '¦ ' -."
'.•'.'¦ zy Friends and . apquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at ¦¦ 2 o'clock, from the family
; residence, -550' Liberty- street,, near ' Castro..
: Interment 'Masonic. Cemetery. . v
LINDSAY— In . this city, /May 3. . 1901. at her
residence, 14 Hill street, < Margaret, relict of
¦ .Thomas Lindsay, and mother of Thomas H.
Lindsay, Mrs. J. J. Crowley, Mrs. K. Mar-
tell, Mrs. ' Oscar r Meysel - and Mrs. Agnes
Shaw, a native of County Gal way, Ireland.
- ETNotice of funeral hereafter.* Please omit
.flowers. . . ¦ ... '.,',-¦ ."-. • -
LOVE— In this city, May 3," 1S01, Mary, relict
\vt the late James Love, and mother of Wil-
liam J.. and Annie A. Love, a native of Ire-,
land, ared 68 years.. • . V.
LYON— Af 954 Sixty-first street. Golden Gate,.
Alameda County, .Frank T., dearly beloved
'son of John J.- and Sarah E. Lyon, a native
'of Golden Gate, aged 1 year ' 4 months ' and
'4 days. . f -'. • -' •. '. . - -r~-
-. tC^Notice of funeral hereafter. . , ' .
MCCARTHY— In this city. May 3, 1901, Justin
' W. McCarthy, • beloved son' of John J.' and
Mary McCarthy, and brother, of John J. Mc-
Carthy, -aged 5 months. ...
¦ ICS^Notice of funeral hereafter.
McLEAN— In- this city. May . 2, 1901, Jane R-
..McLean/mother of • Mrs. Jane Brown, John
' McLean; Mrs. I J.' C. Chalmers . and Alice Mc-
. ? Lean; a native of. Edinburgh, Scotland.
' !' . ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect--
' fully invited to attend the . funeral this day
'; (Saturday), at 3 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 328 Haight; street. Interment private.
McGRATH— In this city, May 2, 1901. Ellen,
beloved wife of Patrick McGrath, and mother
of Bernard ' McGrath, the late James and the
late Annie I McGrath, a native of .County
i Longtforql; Ireland/aged 61 years. , < : .
. ¦ tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St Patrick's Church for
I services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
- Cemetery. ' ' . " ' , '¦¦ ¦ ' ¦- .,
MULLINS-^-In this city, -May 3, 1901. Kitty F.
Mullins, beloved daughter of Patrick C and
the late Anne Mullins, and sister of George
and Edrar Mullins. Mrs. T. . F. Blake, Mrs.
F. "W. Barr and the late Mrs. Annie Dever.
a native, of ; San .Francisco. \ '.
Cy Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend -the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 1840 Flll-
v more street, thence to St. Dominic's Church,
< Steiner street, between '¦ Bush ana : Pine,
for services.' ¦ Interment Mount ¦ Calvary
. Cemetery.' •¦ " .'¦':.¦.' • . ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ • -
•NELSON— In United States Navy Hospital,
•. Mare Island. Cal.. ] May 1. 1901. Henry Ras-
' mus. Nelson, dearly beloved son of Hans and
¦ Ma rgaretha. Nelson, and brother , of Peter
S Nelson,, a native of San Francisco, aeed 17
t years 5 months and 26 days. (Brooklyn, N.
• Y., papers please copy.)' " ¦
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his. parents, 1075 York Btreet, between Twen-
' ty-second • jj and Twenty-third. ] • Interment
¦Mount Olivet Cemetery. :¦ ¦'¦¦'¦. .
NELSON— In "¦ this city, . May 1, 1901, Qsmond
G. ¦ Nelson, beloved husband of Emma M.
Nelson, a native ' of Leith, .' Scotland, aged 31
years 2 and 16 days. . ..
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
1 "fully invited, to attend the funeral this day
¦ I (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, ¦ from file late . resi-
dence, 224 Duncan street, under the auspices
of Golden City Lodge No. 63. K.. of P. In-
' ¦- termenf Mount Olivet Cemetery., ¦ . . '.
O'CONNOR— In this city. May 3, 19O1. ; at. his
.. residence, 1908 Buchanan street, John, be-
;loved husband - of the late . Kate " O'Connor,
and .father of Richard' \V., Thomas J. and
¦Emma H. O'Connor, a native of Newcastle
West, County . Limerick, Ireland. r -
OEVERNDIBK— In this city. May 3, 1301,
Fredrick . Oeverndiek, beloved I husband of
Marie Oeverndiek, and • father of H. R.
- Oeverndiek, Mrs. J. "Wintgen, Mrs. B. Hin-
' terman, Mrs. C Lemburg and Fred C, Wil-
. liam .and August' Oeverndiek, a native of
Hanover, . Germany, ' aged 71 \ years and 10
days. •-,--. ' ¦ -. _
ROGERS— In Berkeley, May 2. 1901, John Cur-
tis Rogers,, beloved husband of -Charity L.
Rogers, father of Lizzie, Joseph and Roy
. Rogers, son of • Amos C. and Mary E. Rog-
. iers; and brother ; of Charles, Joseph, Peter,
' Liman and Alfred Rogers and Mrs. Dr. Liddy
Steele.- a native of Oregon, aged 38 years 7
months and 17 days. ' ... • • ¦ .. '
¦ iryFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
'. fully Invited -to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, -' at his
late residence, 2127 Prince street, ' Berkeley.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. ;
BROTHER members of Temple Lodge No. '11,
A. O. U. W., are respectfully Invited to at-
tenid the. funeral of- our late brother, John
¦ G • Rogers, by request of ' family, ' this , day
(Saturday),' at ' 1 o'clock. ' -
' . ' J. G. F. OELLEHICH.
SIEBElJ— In this city, May 3, 1901,' John Sie-
bel, a native 'of Germany,' aged 53 years.
SWEENEY— In this city, May 1, 1901, John
Sweeney, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years,
i ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), t at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission
street; ¦ Mission Masonic Temple. * Interment
¦ National Cemetery, Presidio. '---¦ - . - •• ; -
i San~ Mateo; May 1,"" 1901. "
Harriet Frances; beloved .wife of John W.
'. Van* Bergen, and mother ""of Edgar N. and
: Howard. H: Van Bergen. ' •' '' . ¦- -
~E~?"Ihe b funeVal services, will . be held
¦ at .the. residence in San Mateo on arrival of
j the train' leaving . San Francisco at "10:30
.. o'.clock,' -this , day ' (Saturday). Interment
private in Cypress , Lawn' Cemetery. Please
• orait flowers. . < • ¦ .
WALKER— In . this city, May 3, 1901, Captain
- Thomas C- Walker, brother of . Aaron J.
Walker,* a native of New York. (Stockton
papers please copy.)
[CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.: Small Barber Shops \ Organize.
,The; proprietors ,of ;the^localilow r prlced
barber } shops ] met Tevening i and
organized under 7 the name of « the Ten Cent
Barhers'.;.'Association.%'. The s members ; of
the; association feel that' they, cannot com
pete, with - the larger establishments on tho
MRS. CAROLAN'S * MOTHER
'% vy-. ':-¦; -:. cbMnrd : fbom f the •; east.
Report ; GivenS Out 1 Thkt ;. the jf Patient'
>[¦;¦-. Has 'Passed; tie Crisis and " Is
•¦••. Mrs:- George -M: Pullman, mother of Mrs.,
Frank. J. Car6lari,vwho;is very Illr at'the
Roman's fHospital ;iri thjs city, ; is; speed-;
.ihg/,westward;from : Chicago.} to be at (her
daughter's bedside. Mr. , Qaro
lan' and' the doctors- who^ have, the case
In; charge. believe that the patient is now
' in a: fair way to l recover \ they,' considered
it best to have her motherpresenfin vieyv,
!of- thelpossibtllty-'of', arelapse.V . =
'-T.Tt was announced', yesterday at the.hos
pital,that .'the V crisis -'had been' safely
•passed . and \ that \ all iiday.'.. yesterday jrand
during the/ previous;. nlght^< : the' patient
showed signs of .Improving.. ; '
SPEAK IN I DEFENSE _
OFr PIONEER /WOMEN
S. iW." Holladay and ; G. Backus . Score
ll !l^Minister;f^o^TriedJto';I>efaTne
'¦ ''¦,'' Character' of Early Settlers. ,¦.;. ;•;•
*; The, Pioheer:"Vybmen held their first'open
nieetihs , yesterday^,' afternoon >; In /Golden
Gater Hall/ • There was, an excellent,pro
gramme;of.music.andi'song and; several
spirited; addresses. .'.'^- -".. . '/• ... - v • ",
. G. -Backus ,'anlJ " S.' V: W.^. Holladay. spoke
in defenses of, California rpioneer^ women "
and deplored .the i fact 5 that a; minister, of
the,' grbspel, ' who' was a" newcomer,,- to the
State/ instead- of :preachingiCharIty should
have seen fit .to slander women: ¦ - - ' .
•V A' -pretty^feature 'of - the meeting , was
the ; presentation' by > Mr. , Holladay 1 to Mrs.
Noble .Martin, 'president. of, the California
tWomen' Pioneers, T of a gavel' made 'of 'the'
oak of theJgoodold ship .Arkansas.' which
came : . to" this coast in December,"1849. » The
gavel>was: the^glft : of • Mrs.r<Louise Shep
heard Ghase.- daughter of. the gallant cap
tain of the ; Arkansas. .<.••<::.••.*:¦•. ;.':/. 'xiBSBt
-''After |th"e ' speech* making -an? hour* was
spent In social converse -and refreshments
.were ''served. *'...• ¦:' " '.;'----¦¦•;- "
• The programme of, the afternoon In full
was as. follows :¦".¦'..''•. , '.-,'.¦"•;¦,-;.'..• A -^. ¦ "¦: . r .
: - r Plario' solo, 'Mrs.' R.'<. Logan; .'.vocal; solo, Miss
Genevleve -Gleason: -recitation. . Miss.* Dratgrocl-
Vlch ;"¦ vocal I stalo','.- Mrs. ( L. i von -der • Mehden ; ad
dress,' G. Backus; address, S. IW. - Holladay.
the amendment of the ordinance remov
ing the limitation on {he 'height of fire
proof or class A buildings so that they
Khali be limited to 135 feet in heisht on
streets 100 feet in width or over. All other
limitations were left to- City Architect
Mooser. who will prepare an ordinance to
be submitted to the board next Monday
If It is acceptable to ttie committee.
Will Limit Height of Buildings.
The joint Committee on Fire and Public
Buildings decided yesterday to recommend
CHICO COMMITTEE IN I CHARGE
| OF THE RECEPTION TO''FQREST
v ERS OF AMERICA.' ;•'
2 Hardie pla^e, were convicted by Judge
Cs.ba.niss January 19 for violating section
4 of the act of 18S3. which provides that
"If In any factory or workshop any pro
cess or work Is carried on by which dust,
filaments or injurious gases are generated
orproduced that are liable to be inhaled
by persons employeu therein, and it ap
pears to the Commissioner of the Bureau
of Labor Statistics that such . inhalation
cculd to a great extent be prevented ¦ by
use of some mechanical contrivance, he
ehall direct that such J contrivance shall
be provided and within a reasonable time
it shall be provided and used." They had
been notified to provide the contrivance,
but failed to do so. - They were .convicted
and each fined $25. They appealed from
the judgment, and yesterday Judges Law
lor and Cook, sitting in bank, heard the
arguments of "Attorney 'Otto'tum" Suden
for the appellants and Assistant District
Attorney X»euprey for the people. For the
appellants it was contended that the act
was unconstitutional, as it delegated au
tocratic power to one man. Other grounds
were urged, but the Judges decided to dis
miss the appeal and sustain the judgment
of the lower court.
Appeal of Schaezlein and Burridge
Dismissed by Judges Cook and
r ~..v.- Lawlor.
Robert Schaezlein and Ben Burridge, sil
versmiths and manufacturing jewelers at
WOEEEBS lU FACTORIES
:^; MUST; BE PBOTECTED
. School. Director Denman expressed th©
opinion yesterday 'that the Board ot Edu
cation has • no right to determine th©
amount salary to'be paloT to'the depu
ties; in the Superintendent's' officer Den-
SS? 1 sa^ 3 that Superintendent ts a
btate. officer, and as such has a right- to
iFftt? ana ; se Ji th » salary of his deputies.
If. thla contention is* correct. Superinten
dent. TV ebster, will immediately proceed to
» £ ? «? s fK arl « e3 of Ws. deputies from $150
sW?^^£ ? r A??^>enby.:tftfe MbAtd^(y
J^O, .which he, believes they are entKledfo.
• •-. : " ¦ . '. .' .. " '"."» ? • ..' — -L— •-. • ¦'+&:
Shine Makes Unsuccessful Raid.
Marshal Shine and deputies raided a.
number. of houses in the neighborhood of
Paciflcand Dupont streets last right. The
? l aVe S Z ene J all y succeeded in eludin?
the officers i and but ' two were raprot od.
One of the fflrlsposessed a cerUrlcate anJ
was released. The other was retained in
the-custody of the Marshal. cl '" aea *»
Salaries of School Deputies.
Court, which i includes the; jurisdiction .of
California, and the .Territory j of Arizona,
are the following named officers and dele
gates: .. ..... . :. . \ . ' , .
- Past : errand", 'chief rangers— F.' C. • Hensley.
Rufus B. Harmon, Jol:n J.'. Cordy, C. P. Ren
don,-A. Orttla. R. B.:Vellage, J. S. W. Saun
ders, J.i Samuels,' Joseitli'W. Hughes. . ' •• -
; Grand officers— Chief i anger, Hugo K.Asher;
sub i chief ranger,". John Heenan; -.treasurer,
Frank Conklin ;'. secrttsry. J John- J. , Cordy: -re
cording secretary, J. K. O'Brien; senior wood
ward; George D. Goldman; junior woodward,
Mas Grimm ; senior beadle. Warren M. John ;
Junior beadle. John W.. McCoy; trustees, George
Staffler Jr. , .. Peter . Stoi ul, James F. Grady. - - :> '
/The delegates aj^:.- .""¦.':-.¦ ¦../.-¦ ,iV.V'
/lAlameda— Court' Pride of AlamedaP John Bird.'
Angels Camp— Court" Sequoia, -C. V. ' Matson.
Anahelnv-Court; Anaheim, William' 5 T.' ; Middle
ham/' '¦¦'¦" " '"^ • " * * .'"-• " -- " " • "":.'?:
is L^,S90. .It has gaineo-jn nnance ana nas
expended a" large' sum in assisting - sick
members and those who were in distress. | .
A large number of- amendments: will: be
inticduped. the majority of .which, aim at'
slight . changes . in . the .constitution. . The
principal.. matters _to- be brought : up :are
the changing-- from. annual to. biennial ses-
slons of the Grand Court, securing, perma
nent headquarters -. for the order . in . San
Francisco, the providing of .a- special per'
capita, -tax .for. special'! organizers,- provid
ing for the -observance of a memorial-day,:
the retention • of members-- who v may; be so
unfortunate as to be unable to meet ffnan-.
clal obligations in the matter, of dues, riaw
laws for juvenile courts, and the retention 1
of t he ' per capita ' tax at ' a /figure' to war
rant extensive extension work; ! The. place
for the next session .will occupy attention..
The next Grand- Court- Is wanted -in-this
city, Monterey: Vallejo. 4 Stockton. Los An
geles and Sissons, under: the shadow of.
Mount Shasta.,' :¦ r •¦"...:,-•.- j><-- .. - ;
• Candidates • for OfSce. ; . ¦;'.;- :
The candidates for office are:. For, grand
chief ranger, /John Heenan of San .Fran
cisco, now grand' sub chief ¦, who. expects
to be advanced. ¦. There is some talk of a
rival candidate from: the southern part qf
the State. For grand . sub .chief the ; cari-'
dldates are George • D. Goldman, City
Clerk of San- ; Diego, at -present grand
senior woodward, and'E. 1 -I^-.-Wolfe-of.Sah
Francisco; -for -grarnd-;- senior, woodward.'
Max Grimm of Stockton.- at:presentgrand
junior- woodward; and 'H. A. ¦:. Gabriel; of,
Santa Clara; for junior woodward. Judge
E. B. Collins of, Chico and r J. H. Foley of ,
Los Angeles: for grand secretary. John J.
Cordy.. the 1 Incumbent, 'who'Is' without- an.
opponent; - for. grand ¦ recording secreta,ry,'
John- E. O'Brien.' 'the.' incumbent,' 'who
wants' to be re-elected.* '.His; opponent is
Dr. C.M.'.Troppmann "of. Court Sear Rock
of Ran Francisco. ; Frank Conklin. the in
cumbent. wlll.be .unopposed : for the office
of treasurer. T. Tj.- Holden of: Oakland
and J. W. McCoy- of -Hay wards, want- to -be
grand senior beadle.'; The-posltlon;of.jun
ior r beadle will : probably i go to 5 some ¦ one
from the south. -For grand trustees there
will be at least ;a dozen- candidates, the.
most prominent for 'the three • positions
to be filled belnp C. E.- Peckham ;of Wat«
sonvllle and T..B. Goodwin- of SaniFran
clsco.' There is to-be a strong fight for. the
office of supreme -representatives. ; There
¦ are fifteen to-be chosen. Those- who are
out for. the offices y are: .. Judge
Hughes of- Sacramento,". Hujjo. K. Asher of
San Francisco; ?H. *y.'. Muller. Coroner 'of
Monterey County: E.? P.-Fieel' ; of- San
Francisco. H.VC. Warner of San ' Bernar
dino. A^ Colrnan of Sari"^ Francisco." H.v P.
'Andrews of Red V- Bluff. ~ Major '. Fred " C.
Hensley of San Francisco, A.' W.' v Horwege
of Petajumaj e; J.'-Havden of San Rafael.
George Staffier : Jr.' of Santa" Cruz,-, Gustav
Zaizzer of Los 'Anceles,' Jacob Alockbee. of
Mountain View, j- Joseph iNylands; of -. San
Francisco. R. : E.' Bevan • nf/Marysville.*, Ja-'
cob Samnels"of " San"- -Francisco,*" George
Ball of- Woodland./ S.' A". - White "of '. San-
Francisco, J.- T. Greertough of Los c AngeIea
and." J.* C. .Irvine.; of San Francisco." .And
there. may be.'others. 1 v r . v- :-.;..,. ¦•
,! Members of the'; Grand Court." ~ ;
. Those who- ;will . ; . compo'se':"; the'v Grand
»Bakersfleld — Court. Bakersfleld, . J.,R. -Dorsey.
Crockett — Court Chris Bemer," James M. Lack 1 
ey. a Chico — Court' Butte; E. "B., Collins.fGuy
R.*>: Kennedy. ":.Colma— Court f Colma, VJIarry
, -Pierce; Colusa— Court Pride . of .Colusa.'AFames
D.,' Roche. Castrovllle— Court . Castroville,' W.
F.' rMcGulgan. - . i',. ' : "''•'.. i" ¦'-,/. :
. ¦'- Dixon— Court Dlxon,' jBenjamln ' Franklin.
Kewby. Danville — Court -Mt. . Diablo," , RaJph
. Harrison.- • - ; •>" •'.;;•':, •^ > '.' .'' ; •" !
I *El .Dorado— Court Union,. \T. \ C. .' Edwards.
Eureka— Court Eureka, Otto I C- Gfegor. ¦ Elk
Grove^Coflrt-f Elk Grove,' R.T.-Haskins. Elm
: -hurst— Court Klmhurst, , M. Mppre., .1 i
Fresno — Court Yosemiie, -H". L». Hall. :
'towft- Cdurt-Forbestown,i-T.' Hampton.",'. Fuller
ten— Court Fullerton; ; \VllHam -Schumacher ,-> I
¦ S '¦•Gra«!--. Valley— Court Pride ¦ of • Grass * Valley,
W. H. ' Northey. • .Golden.iGate-rCourVShell
, Mound.- Henry . Cator. . Grafton— Court Grafton,,
T.-"I. Wright. -".-"-¦ •>- .;.-.;.; j
' *. ¦ Haywards— Co'urt .' Hay wards,: : Robert f Kolze.
.Hobart-MJourt Hobart. Mills; John ; F/-.Butler.
Healdsburg-TCourt' Sovbyome,: Vf: F. ,P' Leary. j
¦ * lone— Court? lone,' '-William'; F.' Miller. : :j .-.- j;.
! ' Jamestown— Court * Jamestown, ¦ J.' ' .'S. "t ' Daly. 1
; Jackson— Court Jackson,"- W.'S. Gilbert." i-.-: '"
'• Los Angeles— Court', Los' Angeles, . E. ? G." Com- ;
port, . W. J. > Wnlshe ; ' Court Ollve,r<D. ¦ W. Edel- %
. -man, ' John- Furrer; . Court v Fremont,"'^ John
Foley, • I. : •« F. ¦< Gree-noinrh ; f CourtV Sunset, •' John
'.Caitera;*Cqurt/Francais>e.-E...Puissegfeur;rCoutt;
Oe rmanla. ". John; Gey'sr,'.- G. '-; C. ¦'. Zalser; ; 'Court
Da-nte Allghieri,'Lulgj-Carbonei^Cdurt-Colum'
' bus; B..N: OH vas/Llvermpre— Court Llvermbre,
" M.>, t3. : Callaghan. •" Lompoc^-Courtv'Mlguelito,'
.George E. I Newman. ,- Lodi— Court" Mokelumne,:
¦ t.'r. Laiiie. . ." ". v . ;. ': :i .- ! ; •• -^ - ; •! :
' .'Marysv-ille — Coiirf Pride of -Marysvllle," *J. -P. J
Arnoldy. ¦_' Mdnterey-nCoui t'.cfel j Monte, %3j\ LacH-i
man. '. Mountain, View— CoUrt''Rpse' J HIli,-.J.-,S.'
Mpckbee. Mlddletowri^Court Clhnabar,',.Henry.
' Koopman. , -Mission". -San.;, Jose^-Court- Buena
.Vista, Thomas : Power.".; Merced— Court .Merced,;
; J. B./ Ivers. ¦¦/"'.': ¦- : ¦'. :','' -',-"' .•,-.:' ->•-.-¦¦¦- i.
. - Novato — Court. Novato, E.-R. .Samuels. -New
ark— Court' Newark," It.; J.'- Gibbons; Nevada
/City— Court Garfleld, John>Kendrick,-T.-J..San
dow.. H. - L. - Sweeney. . / Niles-^Court Niles,' ; P.'
' A." Ellis.' ••' Napa — Court ¦' Paragon, George D.
Secord. :. William "Wilson. . ¦ . . . .
v Oakland— Court ! Hanuonle,- Henry Reichbold;'
Court United States of America,- T. L. Holden;
' Court ' Oakland; ; E: w: : , w.". 1 Baylies, : M. ¦-; J.
. O'Dea: Court New. Era. Isaac Gpldwater; Court
iVerbano. • Joseph;B." , Ittboll." ; Oroville— Court
Century. I Max . Marks. J I : Oak - - Park— Court ¦: Oak
Park," J. . G. .Shaw, pcean View — Court: Faral
lone, Peter, Sermattel."; ..'y. ;.' -.:.-.-¦ l: .
: Petaluma— Court • Petaluma, A!', W; ¦ Howege.
Port Costa : -Court ' Port 1 Costa. Samuel J. * Hut
ton. -.¦-* Pleasanton^Court ... Alisal. • Lee : Wells.
Placerville— Court ConOdence.-T.-E. ' McCarthy.
. . Rlverside^-Court Citrus,. H. ,C. Hlbbard.<Red
.w'ood ¦¦ City— Court Madrcne, 1 . John J. Read: :
. ¦ Francisco— Court ' Robin ¦ Hood, t p. .' \ c
Hensley, John ' Af,. McLeod ; ¦¦ Court v Aurora, ¦ E.'
J. : McDevltt, - Thomas : Webb; Court •' America,
Peter .Hansen. , R. .' Ha&muesen Court f Califor
¦ nla; " Joseph • Nyland ; - Court ¦' G61den ¦ Gate,~ j;
Calmann; H." Goldberg, • H. E. - Helnemann. 'H.
L. i Simon : . Court i San . Franc! sco. '; ' F. '« V,' : Sev
,'erance.r Ed' Summervllle;. Court -Bay i City, ! MI1
i ton Glass, "Jacob Kallman; Court Euclc-lan -E
; P. Figel; Court Eclipse, .. C.t M. Gerston. " T. -.- H.
i- Goodwin. • J.-.H. "McCarthy;.; Court' Hubertus '
! Henry •. B.' Canarls. -. Emil *. Lampe, E: :Roemer;
i Court :juRtlce, "J. -F. Murphy, Frank.Hember
" gcr,-E. 1 C/ Brehm;, Court Inter Nos.: John Fop
j piano.. X. F.-«Hallett,;.S.-A:t l Whlte; Court Gold
: en I West. - E. -' Isaac, ' S.v B.< I^evy. ; "J. h Samuels,'
¦ CharleB^Stockwitz;- Courts Zenith;/ B.;» J.-.-No-
J' Ian. ?¦ August ¦¦ Bruns ;', Court'i Golden ' State, n E.' : I."
, | AVolfe : - Court 5 Defiance,', Carl • ; Cohn. r;A. * Cole
1' .man,-. T. '• J. .-. Murphy ; j Court ' Stanford, ¦ M.^ N«u-'
: mann ; » Court J Magnolia." Marcus . Laf ee," Charles
L".V Scharff ; ,, Court ; El- Dorado, ;, William ; Bune-
THE' Grand Court of the Foresters
of . America will hold its annual
session 'in Chico, Butte County,
thjs year, begrinnlng next. Tues
dar. The citizens of Chico have
'oe«n actively engaged for sometime past
arranging' for the reception of the grand
officers' arid delegates. The , following
committee 'of twelve, the- first,~sSevcn be
ing Foresters, , members of Court- Butte,
and the last five non-Foresters, will look
after the welfare and- comfort of the: vis
itinr«Foresters: - -•' & •
3, w: Griswold (chairman). C. E. Steinegul
( secretary), F. J. Nottlemann. Guy R.^ Ken
nedy Dr P. ' L. Hamilton. F. M. . Edgar, E.
B. Collins, E. T. Reynolds (treasurer). O. L.
Clark, Jo D. Sproul, J. L. Barnes and "V. C.
Richards. ; . , ' . . •.
The main street will be profusely dec
orated with evergreens, mottoes and":ban
ners., and a programme of entertainment
has been arranged to occupy the time' of
the Grand Court when not engaged xin
business. •". ' . ¦'.-. '¦?.'• „¦': V
On Monday night Secretary Steinegul
will meet the excursionists at Sacramento
and accompany them to Chico, where they
will be received with music and fireworks
by. the. other: Members of the committee,
Court Butte and the citizens, .who will es
cort them to : headquarters ; in .Armory
Hall. After an informal welcome the vis
itors will be accompanied to the: several
places selected as their homes for a .week.'
On Tuesday morning the. .preliminary
session of the Grand Court "will : be. held,
and In the afternoon those composing the
grand body will go to the. campus of the
State Normal School, where they will.be
photcgrraphed. " In the evening, there: will
be a grand ball.. The election . of grand
officers for the ensuing term will -take
place Wednesday, , and .in the evening
there will be a- promenade concert, in: the
On Thursday a part of the business will
be the election of -fifjteen representatives
to the SupTeme Court -that is 'to meet- in'
Baltimore on the 27th of August. In the
evenine: there is to be a. display of fire
works, including some fifty set pieces:
To Wind Up. With a Banquet., '
On Friday the Grand Court will windup
tte business, and in the evening the crand
officers, past and- new, together with the
delegates. 'will t>e 'guests afa banquet to
be served in Armory Hall, and on Satur
day the Foresters will be taken. out sight
seeing to Bidwell's ranch and other places.
In addition. to the members of the Grand
Court there, will be. delegations from the
court at- Red- Bluff, -Forbestown, -Marys-'
ville. Woodland, Biggs, Sacramento,". Graf
ton and Oroville. ¦ .-'-.;. * i ¦ \ \ ;
The order during the past year has, had
a pain of -2200 hi membership, -which now'
The only courts, whose delegates' names
do not appear in v thisfHstare Court Rio I
Bravo nf Kern City and Court Red Bluff I
of Re<l Bluff.' the' same not having reached f
this city In time. .. ., " ,
mann; Court . Golden Eagle, ; Arthur. Lidd;
Court Golden . Era, M. Levy, Fred Mahlstedt;
Court.AVashlngton. ,M.. Brady,. Arthur >Figei; S.
Shaben: Court Presidio. . W. J. Donlon. .M. M.
Magrulre; "Court Mayflower; J. ' C. Irvine: Court
Terba Buena, • G. Waschle; Court . Bonlta, J.
Aj. •¦¦ Dove. . D. •¦ O'Callaghan : Court I Seal i Rock,
E: : J. Coffaney. Dr. • Charles M. ¦ Troppman,
Charles ,. F. . Johnstone;.. Court Acme. : E. ¦-.' r.
Donnovan. . A: ; J. Glover; . Court. Palo Alto,
Leo .Kauffmarr, Jacob S.- Meyer, Jacob Raph
eld; Co^irt ¦ Columbia, . J. G. Chase- Jr.. G. S.
Harknefs;' Court Hayes Valley, Thomas : Don
ahucr. Court LiVe Oak, HS Jurgcns.- W; "\\tilf;
Court Barbarossa; Henry. Haab; Court' Rich
mond.'.' A. ¦ B." Ahlborn : Court ¦ Independence,
David 'Fleming:.- P.. J. Gray, Robert J. O'Reil
ly; Court -, Ferruclo. A:- Codegrlia, ¦ G. Crema:
Court • Sutro • Heights, E. : S. Harding, Milton
S. Nathan; '.Court General- Lawton, Samuel
Zazzl. --.'¦• ',- ; . ;.'¦.¦<_''-¦¦¦¦..' ¦¦ ¦• j :.
'.' Sacramento— Cyurt . j Capitol ' of 9 California,
Abe Moose,' H. V,V M: .Orb. L. A. Smith;
Court ! Sacramento,* John Morris. • Charles A.
Root. . John . Skelton; Court Conconlla, E. - Of
fenbach. / Jacob ¦ Stelner. Santa I Rosa— Court
Santa Rosa. J. G. • Dont, • Herbert * II. Daniels.
San- Luis Obispo — Court; San- Luis Oblspo,"; G.~
F: Deiss. .'. San Dlegro — Court San Dicpo, F.:M.
Jennings. . George J. - Masley, : H. . J. .- Place.
Santa : Barbara— Court. 'Castle Rock," '. John
Alves, Herman- Menken. '.' San. Jose— Court San
Jose, J.'-. J. ' Cairns.' George F.'.Meridler: Court
Teutonla; ; Theo Heilessen; Court : Italia;'--Ah
tdnlo • Vatuone. '¦ Stockton — Court Stockton,' G. f
S. -Harkness, ¦ Jacob D.-.Klack: .Court- Scbller,
P. ; A. ¦ .' Peters. Santa' Clara — Court 'Sherwood,
H. A. Gabriel.vl.-Herrlngton: 1 Court Adrlatlco,
V. ; Etella Maggolne. Santa • Cruz-^Court ¦ Santa
Cruz,' E. Alzlnz, G. Dat-elich. William A. Hor
ton.' J. A. Taylor. San' Leandro-^-Court SanLe
andro. H. Aberthney. ¦ San Bernardino — Court
Liberty, H. C. ¦ "Warner. ¦ San P«>dro— Court San
Pedro,-' Sylvester Gwaltney. |l Santa Monica—
Cpurt Neptune, William Tj. Miller. ¦ Smarts
vllle-^ourt 'Gem . of i Yuba, few. "P. Cramlse. ¦
Sonora — Court Sonora. •', Harry ..Hills." ' Charles
Howes. ¦ Santa Ana — Court ¦ Santa . Ana,-.- Henrv
Richter." Salinas— Court' Santa Lucia. : H. -V.
Muller. • San Rafael— Court ..Rafael,: Eramet , J.
Harden: . .-¦.'.'•/ -¦' i '.¦'¦ " "¦?*
S Tiburpn— Court ; Marin. 1 " Henry. Unna.:" Tracy
—Court' Tracy.' F.-. O. Housken. ¦. :-..: . . ;
.. Vallejo — Court Farrasut. Charles. Armberser. i
"" Woodland — Court | Star of "\Voo.1land.- ' George
A. .Ball. H.'Hackman. . Watsbnville—Court'Pa
jaro Valley Rose, ¦ J. E. Cox.', Charles E. Peck
ham, ' A. . Faustino. *, Winters— Court ; Winters,
W. "A. .Bryce. ¦ ¦ '• -. ¦¦ .' ¦¦¦¦-¦'¦ ¦ j. -. ..i^^-K:
' Arizona— Court v Tucson of Tucson. A. Orflla;
Court , Stonewall . of J'hoenix, : A. . J. Stoner. t
same price schedule. Owing to the ad
vance of prices in the union shops It was
though* best to increase the prlce> of
shaving from 5 cents to a dime.
' a" -'further"; license • of . $15 ]- per Jquar ter ' as • a
solicitor. \_ For Kelly.it was contended that
a license .was. paid" for^ his hack, a ; license
for. his card ; as ; a driver "and a" license ' of
$2 50 for. his ; badge.- . -,To ; ask'-'him ', to , pay^
:the j additional license; as a solicitor was
wrong, ; as tha t only, applied ' tb~ hotel -run-"
ners and ageritsTfor delivery, men: -. . • "'
I ' 'The Judges i held "that; the, wbrd ! "owner'V
• must ' be I construed in ; a ' broad :and I liberal
sense. : It did 1 not: mean: the; actual owner
ship :¦ of the* hack.^butv. the -ownership
for. the : time v being. -To;; all* Intents and*
purposes "". the ". driver .was - the t owner - for
the. time being; and I could. therefore! solicit
custom.- without ': paying 'a ¦ license! fee 1 for
j soliciting.- . ¦ • \ .-.-.'. v. *
:'G/.M. Muller.^a union .waiter, .walked
Into the Oakland -. restaurant,: on .Cast
street, near Market^ yesterday and made
trouble. He i ordered ¦> a .waitress . to quit
work and advised : the patrons to get out
before ¦ they were thrown '. out; \ OfHcer
Dower was called in and arrested ' Muller
for disturbing'the peace. - .. , . : •
The^ striking cooks 'and 'waiters- will
parade " to-night, starting: ; from : B'nai
B'rith Hall about 8 ; o'clock. They will
traverse the principal streets. .TherHack
men's Union • has • promised ten for . fifteen
carriages if .necessary for the leaders and
waitresses.'-'.:^ ;V.: : /.' ,¦¦ . ¦" . •¦•".. - :
J.- ;H. -McMenomy. ; president of the
Butchers' Board of Trade, says that body
has.not taken; any action 'inj regard-<to
supplying the non-union restaurants with
meat. No meeting of- the rboard, has been
held since the strike began.
DRIVERS ; OF -, SACKS
SCOBE A VICTORY
Appellate Court • Decides ; That They
**. Need 'Not* Pay] a* Fee for ' : . •
- i. \ .-¦_ Solicitiiig. •. ; ¦.
-•Judges Cook Vand k Lawlor, . sitting! 1 In
bank, yesterday.heard the appeal of.Mor
timer i Kelly, > a I hackman. "who . waa ;cort
vlcted- by.," Judgre,:FritA^on"the' charge 'of
violating. ; the I hack '. ordinance, ']_ and " after
argument . reversed /the . judgment . of j the
lower court. : ''.:':.;. .".',./ -'
.;. The point Involved is of 'interest ;to -all
hackmen.^ Kelly, was arrested- forjsollcit
ing custom on- the ¦ water . front:;'; The ordi
nance provides ',that ? bwriers of hacks can
solicit • custom; « and; as :- Kelly,', was * only , a
driver »It- was argued -that he ! should 'pay.
Waiter Is Arrested.
¦ii-r 12.'. Castle, -.a •" striker, ' -was -arrested
Thursday night on Ellis 3treet by Police
man Hook. • He was walking in ; front of
a restaurant •• near i Stockton street , and
persisted' in -expectorating -on the . side
walk. > The case 'was- .- dismissed as S- he
pleaded that he did- not -know ; the ¦ordi-.
nance was" in' existence. " r
-Frank I Straub, a ; baker, . who said he
was asympathizer with' the strikers, was
arrested Thursday night on Fourth street,
near. Mission, by Policeman Moriarity for
refusing to move on.; The case was con
tinued until Monday.
"= -Three cases * growing ¦ out ' of the • strike
were heard -'by Judge .Slogan : yesterday.
August • Krlep3 \was' arrested by •' Police
man- Douglass -on-: Kearny ¦ street ' Thurs
day, night.'- He^ was . standing in front of
a restaurant r near , Bush street and w^s
boisterous.- in. his conduct. ' He .was
charged with -disturbing the .peace.' ; As
he had been in prison all night .the Judge
dismissed the case.' • -.' : -" ¦ - - : ...-
' The ¦ restaurant . proprietors -met -last
night," as - usual, ; and/ were of -the- opinion
that. they would win out. but upon twhat
they, based their, contentions 'they practi
cally declined, to state. ¦ -¦- ;
Think They Will Win.
The ' -waiters employed'' In . the smaller
"French" . restaurants. . to .the : number of
200 or. more, joined the union/ last . night.
Those employed in the other a restaurants
of similar character have as yet not joined
the union." Some of them declare they. are
satisfied with .their .lot and will stand byy
the proprietors. They, are receiving $50 a
month for. ; twelve hours-a. day.-: > ;;
* "Mon cher..w.nat better, you want? Tips!
Ah.' It: comes in. there. •:' Private party-all
right; -cheap guy— NON — Job .-e'est: tres
bienl No strike. Ze petit, French dinner,
ce le'.bas.;- Make a man, tired. -Soup.^ fish,
entree, -roste, : entremets— all : dose. tings—
not for us." ':')\:-r--;-j-. •
....__..... ( ..-. .... .- .. ... ._ ._-.... .- .., ....._,..
not run a union 'house. -.We also wish to deny
this statement ., and- do., not think, any one
would, seriously, consider ;a - statement ot that
sort emanating from an -Individual who will
slgrn -an agreement one • daj- and break .it the
next. ¦ We would much rather such ' men . shoul4
b© with the other . side. • ¦ ;¦>.'.-':. ¦_
-Bepresentatiyes . of the employers are quoted
as - saying ' thai : the ¦ organization Is ' not com
posed of - the better ' class bf cooks ." and wait
ers. :-We have only one reply to ¦ this state
ment and that Is . that cooks - and waiters ' ara
what the conditions -under .which" they .'have
been- obliged ; to • work have j made J them. S And
deplorable -as such conditions: have been. . If
the members of the organization will . not. com
pare favorably with some ' of those : who pose
as employers, they are. indeed' to be -pitied.
V»'e do not ; think the public -will ; pay -.much
attention to • this \ attempt • to smirch i the , char
acter of . men • and women • who.z believing . they
are right and ¦ their cause just, stand ready to
make any- sacrifice necessary, to uphold their
rights. :-.-.". v. ¦ ¦¦-.,.¦¦- .,-_ .-,. . ...
. .;• . / Will Fine Offenders. . '
•The Shinglers* Union. at a meeting last
night ¦ decided to impese a ' fine of ¦ $5
against any member, patronizing non
union restaurants.^- The receipts of the en
tertainment to be given shortly will be de
voted to the benefit of the striking wait
ers. •j|-ifty- a fci^\'^g*TifH^|rTi^jrriHa
. At 5 o'clock this morning the Coroner's
cflic* was notified ' that the bodj' of a
troaan .had been four.d_ on the. sidewalk
in front of 1101 Geary street, at the cor
ner of Van Xess - avenue. A physician
who tied been called saw that the woman
was beyond medical aid and at once in
formed the - Coroner. The doctor staled
that "the -woman's name was Mrs. Mar
tin. One of the deputies in the Coroner's
office left at once for the location named
to secure the body &jid make an Invest!
e^on.. <¦ - ' •
Matter That Concerns All.
; v . Representative Pierce "of the American
Federation • of Labor said that the> prin
ciple, for : which the cooks and waiters
were fighting was one in which'25,000 men
of ithiS' city; were interested. . ; ¦ .-.
Delegates' of. every union present at the
meeting reported that their organizations
Indorsed the action of the cooks and-walt
ers'and had passed resolutions to provide
fines for any of their members patronizing
non-union •' restaurants.
• The boycott on Sanborn, Vail & Co. was
ordered continued, and a number' of. com
plaints 'asrainst certain > stores . and » fac
tories were ordered investigated. No prog
ress.", was. resorted in the strike -of-, the
metal , polishers, who have been out. for
seven 'weeks: "All unions represented have
voledJto- assist. "the metal polishers. A
boycott was asked against,' the Seattle
Brewing Company . on ¦ the ground : that it
was. employing non-union labor and cut
tine wages. ¦- .. . -¦•; : .. .. : . .J /
- The final vote onthe cooks' and waiters'
request for a. boycott was taken late, and
if the- executive -committee should decide
inTavor of the boycott nearly one-half of
San Francisco. will go Jiungry. The meet-
Ing, was not . entirely .unanimous on < the
question, -but, the vote was so overwhelm
ingly in favor of the waiters that; but lit
tl3 doubt of the decision of the executive
committeemay be entertained.
' '. - "Waiters Are . Confident.
' The following- statement of the waiters
was given out from official sources during
the eveninc: : . , ' \
Reports received" from all sources are of the
most- "encouraging: nature. "Contracts are con
tinually ,belns sitrned, twenty-six new ones up
to noon to-day. >.We see that the chairman of
the executive board of. the Employers', Asso
ciation B states • that ••¦ the : -fight is practically
over, >* Where he received that information we
do- not ; know, ;¦ and v j we /think that' -when he
figures up his ..receipts at- the- end of the .day
he must- realize that If the strike . is over there
must- be something; radically wrong. ¦¦- •¦ ,¦
¦ -¦He '¦ also states' thaf the 'girls > are. deserting,
"there '• is " as much ' truth . in • that statement as
there is in others he Is making. The girls arc
doing .noble -work.-' and I "think "will • demort
etrate' before, this fight ', Is .' over ; that they < re
fuse -to longer ¦¦ allow" certain » 'employers -to
lower and degrade their womanhood.' We see
that Mr. \ phrlstensen of the -Branch 'on | Fifth
street is quoted as saying • that I his cooks were
drunk' and -did" not : show, up and that he'cbuld
LABOUR COUNCIL
STUDIES STRIKE
Z - ¦¦ "'•' -'• - • ;';. ... " *.. ".~~- ¦'-.'¦•¦. ¦•'¦¦'"" ¦
Executive \ '''Committee -^i to
¦ f } - Investigate * Claims -; . ¦ .:
.,; t V;. of. Waiters. ¦;
-¦- :% -- ? , ¦ — '¦¦¦'. ¦-;'':',¦: j
General ; Boycott Likely -to j
Be ;Ordered;;Within -."'Next--
Twenty-Pour Hours; -
¦¦'. ¦¦;'.- ¦ ¦¦: ¦' — ¦ — ?— '-. ' • ' ¦.¦;¦'¦'¦-.!
•: The San • Francisco " Labor Council ' late |
Ias£ practically declared its iriteh- '
tion . to (declare ¦- a" boycott against the !
Restaurant ' Keepers 1 Association, r This |
means that the 'executive committee may j
meet within twenty.-four hours and decide '
whether rthe'. boycott shall? be levied oi J
riot. This .was the situation at'mldnlght. j
a The day. '.was -marked- by, very, little dis- ]
turbance. ; One ¦ excited Individual threw '
a* stone through : ;the .window of; a- Kearny
street ; restaurant and was promptly , ar
rested.:/- It *; is that he is , not a
member, of the striking" Cooks' and Wail
trf ¦ Meetings were held last
night "by; both ;the strikers and the res
taurant; proprietors | and each '. one gave
forth elaborate \ reports 'as to the* results
of the; day's events: ',.,' j .
- , -About 400 delegates were ' present at - the
meeting ;' of - the Labor Council held in
Pythian Castle. . Tho cooks', and .waiters'
strike ;. was -immediately taken: up and
judging, by. the; sentiments expressed 'it is
likelyavbig strike may beon before the
end t of; the. month. , 4 :
¦;." Delegate!- Hamilton', of ~ the Cooks': and
Waiters'j^Alliance addressed the council
and gave a brief ! history 'of "the "preser.t
trouble. '. He said^ that - the { restaurant
owners and \ the , boss butchers, -.together
with the Morgan Oyster Company,' had
combinedto prevent the union restaurants
fronrTsecuring supplies. ¦ On behalf of the
Cooks' and- Waiters'^ Alliance Hamilton
asked .that a- boycott be levied by ;the
Labor '. Council on all ¦¦- non-union restau
rants and the oyster company. • '
DEAD WOMAN'S,
.BODY IS. FOUND
Coroner's Office ;Is ; Notified
Eany This Morning- of- '-a.-.
= Grevvsorr.e Discovery. :.-'i\
Poison Is Thought to
Have Ended . Clark's
Existence.
Oflacers \Witli . - <; Ambulance
! Find Tlieir ¦ Charge Is j
i'^-SiBft Corpse;
* -.; ; . „ ;
Gcprge . Clark, alias Mason, .wh66e ; life
had I wrecked "by the use of i drugs,
died i\f>der somewhi\t clouded fand tragic
circcinAtances last ev^nincr.' He applied to
the ph>Vician: at the Harbor '. Hospital to
give him Sufficient morphine to satiate his
tenibjje c\avlns. He, was .refused - and . a
request waV sent to th\^ police station that
be be ¦ atrei^ed. >' "Whil*' the patrol wagon
was on its vay-tb £on\"ey hihi aw'ay.the j
urifortunafe j\janplaced *\ small \~lal-.to his !
lips ar.d then replaced itV^ his pocket:- At I
the City Prison he became ill and his o - n>>
dition became % so alannin,? that he was
hastened to the\hospitai. Uhe orficers ,
companying the, ambulant e found that
their charge was\a corpse \>efore medical
assistance could L<e reached; • ¦ ,
When Coroner's \ Deputies \ Meehan and
Smith received the \>o<ly they were unable
to find the bottle f rcsn which »Clark is said
to have drank. Thare was \an abrasion
over the right eye, bu.t no sig\i of a frac
ture of the skull. \ '
The theor>- Is that Clark, deaocgident at
the refusal to «uppjy him wit^ the drug
he sought, took poison to end his misery.
• \ * - ¦ >
DRUG VICTIM'S
TRAGIC DEATH
CHICAGO PREPARES TO WELCOME GRAND
COURT OF FORESTERS OF AMERICA
Fraternal. .Delegates. \Will Be 'Greeted '.With Pyrotechnics ind
j Music-; and. .Escorted Through -the jGayly : Dec^
- : by the Residents ,1 of : " theX Beautify! V Gity -, of '* -Roses
14
THE SAN PR^ClSCp-^ALli, SATUKDAY,; MAY 4, :i90I;
To-Day' s News; Letter.
'This' week's"' News i Letter , has an article
about San ; . Francisco "clubmen ; that .will In-,
terest 'everybody.^;- It tells' how'- local; club-^
men; take a hand ; at ¦ cards " and \the ; games
that are | in' favor.'. J.Thefauthor .* is • one i of
them; and he'has ¦ taken? notes ; accuBately.';
Mrs: ; Chaiihcey i i)e VWit's clever articles
continue. -This weektshe discusses "What
the -' Tailor 'Man -Is i Doing i for ,the i Tailor,
Maid.",~iHerarticles;are being read by so-"
ciety - people 'all: over *the : State." T Mr.' Jug-*
?lns ; has.: another/ :' talk-- -.with ' hl3 1 English
valet;;this :time' on 1 - "j\f ts ! and Star,.Board
ers. Vr;C'.*Lady/jAlgy" -. is ." ; of * course.", bright
and i merry ,v and i the-. "Looker^ On" £ has *- a
record* budget 3 of ; topical" anecdotes.y ; The
News - Letter.' s^:. specialty.;-.- satirical 5 light'
verae ¦ is ~ abundant »• and*- excellent >< this
week.;; S.-V^f /',-¦'• •.•.''•¦.-••- ¦.'- ?>7
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS.
VTazt suffering frequently results
i ron a motlitr's jgnorance ; cr more
frequently f rc3m a raother's neg-lect to
properly instruct her daughter ! ,
Tradition says "iroinan must suf-
fer,^ and yo-cng- women are so tang-ht."
There is a little truth and a great deal
of exaggeration in this. If a' young
Troman n suGers severely she needs
treatment, and her mother should see
that she gets it. ¦
. Many mothers hesitate to take their
daughters to a physician for examina-
tion ; but no mother need hesitate to
write freely about her*' daughter.. or
herself _tQ Mrs. Pinkha^n and secure
the most efficient advice without
charge. - Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn, Mass.' . " ;
Sirs. August - Pfalzgraf, of .'South
Byron, Wis.,~ mother of the young, lady
¦whose portrait we here publish, wrote :
Mrs/ Pmkham in January; 1899, saying
her.1. daughter had suffered ]foT .two
years vrith irregular menstruation"— j-
had headache all the time, and pain in
. her side, feet swell, and was generally
miserable. . .Mr6^Pinkham'< promptly
replied with advice, 1 and under date of
March, 1899, the mother writes again
that Lydia E. Pinkham's .Vegetable
Compound cured her daughter of; all
pains and irregularity.
; Nothing in ¦ the : world equals ¦: Mrs.
Pinkham's medicine ; for, regu-
lating woman's peculiar - monthly
troubles.
-.>¦;,' .- . y^r :F '¦ " ''
j|\ GREAT SPECIALS
¦¦"'.QN SALE tO-DAY^
CHILDREN'S WHITE APRONS. ", made of
.good-lawn, trimmed .with- em- QC/>.
¦ . . broidery. 750c ¦ quality ; i on sale . . ¦ ** O V*
WOMEN'S' BLACK VAND COLORED. UN-.
-DERSKIRTS. look' like- ellk; wear
better, ', flounce lined and trimmed with
eg three small ' ruffles, regular price ' Q EZ. r* -
;.?1.50.J-O»sale.:...............;... UU^;
'/WOMEN'S ; LINEN ..bVBRSKIRTS;.- nicely
• trimmed. 'just- the. thing for.'the .country.
; ; 75c • quality. -" On sale ..i y .....,4Sj r*~
women's >' white:' pique over-'
wide flare, sold elsewhere $1.75.',
Our price to-day.. .V.; ... QO/y
TO-D VY ENDS isiCCESSFIL
' WAIST SALE.
ivi'RB 'OFFERING SOME RARE BAR-
; GAINS." OUR ' WINDOW. DISPLAY
• ; TELLS. THE TALE. - :-"{;, ¦¦ .. ... r : '
,-r Our. $1.50 -WHITE -WAISTS,' made' of In-."
'. dla. linen, ~ front: of- all . over lace or em-
-¦ broidery, - tucked back. - Bishop C|S2r*
- ' sleeves. . . On ¦ sale.'.". ¦ wOV
" WOM EN* S .- FULL FINISH : AND - STAIN-
, LESS ELACK HOSE.t our regular 3 pair
> for 50c quality.. On sale.'..!.:... 1 €%lf*
....:....:..:..¦..:.......... r.Palr I -AaC
CHILDREN'S • FINE ' OR . HEAVT'RIB-
-;BED HOSE," sizes '6 to- 9, our . regular
" 25c quality.- On'sale. .¦.'.:.".-.'.."."... TlfiJ/-.
........... ..;......r:..'.......PaIr. IOC
: CORSET^DiY.
To-day we sell "any of our $1.50 CORSETS
-¦ In ¦ any I of ¦ the popular makes ( and . styles
t^grMgi£Z:0j$ 61.00
Our I $1.00 ' Corset- forv.Y. . . .'. .'. . .". . . 73o ¦• - -
Our 50c Corset for.'. './?. ......... :'. 35c -.
: Our J2.00. Corset for./ .......91.48
i-SSsUVSlBRf UNDERWEAR.v v
':¦ 'wOMEN' 8^5 BLUE, iPINK . or' ;ECRU.
• -VESTS.v long sleeves. ' good • 40c quality.'
t '. , On sale - f or . •'.•_•_-• •¦' ¦' - - • ;¦¦• ••';•• ' ; 2 3 C
IWOMEN'S V MEDIUM "; WEIGHT, LONG
' v SLEEVE VESTS, „ tho : kind : you usually
; pay 35c for. .' Oni- sale.'.'...... 1 .... - . |Qq
We are 'offering' extraordinary Inducertients
•'¦*: In our '. Muslin : Underwear . Department."
' Your "choice <of -any of our $1.25>nlght-
gowns elegantly t trimmed with lace or
' i embroidery, -> five styles to , select Q CI ~
'Vfrom ...-- •.•..r.*...7...v...;v.*.va*J»«J'W:
"WOMEN'S '/FLOUNCED v WRAPPERS.';
- waist- and Bleeves lined. ; nicely ..trimmed,
cannot be bought elsewhere un- QO/> .
, ¦:; der ; $ 1. 50. " . Our ; price . :\.\ ....:.... w^J V ¦
ANOTHER SAL^DW IN CHiLDREN'S
r riQUEc CAPES.
Our ' i'rVgular • : $3.00 "J CAPES;> llned^. with
U fleeced* white : flannel." made :. with- double
'¦'¦ "caps k and trimmed with three ruffles of
i wide ; embroidery. - On:, sale SIQ a OO
.'. • to-day ,-.' . . . ...•• ¦¦•¦ ••'..¦••••••• J*% ~ " 7^^
SALE; IN : CHILDREN'S^HEADWEAR.
Our" $1.50 ' quality.'; Hats oV' Bon-VQQ f
* A nets. ', ji. On sale. ... : . V. . . ... . . ... .;. : ; 'VPV
; Our " $1.23 -' quality Hats j. or ¦' Bon- "JT O r> -
.' - nets. .' On > sale. . . . . : . : . .'. .'. . ;: :.-.-. ; " * O w
"*6uf.^7Sc'" quality ' Hats - or r » Bon- y|O/-» ;
.' > nets." .; On i sale. . '.;.'. : .'. :". . ....:....'. Tt O \* :
i MAR KSiBRCiSi ; 5
fl212jl2Hv MARKET, STREET,;
¦ >'¦¦'. • v v Bet/ Taylor and Joiw.'
/ _ _^ J^ADVESTISEaiEirTa.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
TOMATOES,' Columljus -Brand, 4 ¦ cans . ¦'; '. 25«
'.. '.Extra. 'quality. : Regular We can.
COAL; OIL,. White Star, 5 gals". ; . . . . .95c
tOc allowed. for empty can. Res. $115
FINEST : CREAMERY BUTTER, square : 32Jic
Market has advanced. Regr. 40c.
POINTREYES^CREAMERT.sqiiarfl.:. .'.30c
-. Now. I» the time to have your Butter packed
»;for:the -winter. Market Is advancing p«.
-\uJar -33c. -• ¦ •":: -
BEST-MISSION EGGS, doz ...... . . ... 20c
"v Gathered. dally.". Regr. 22^c.
IMPORTED HOLLAND GIN,. Stona Jug. $1.25
'_ Pure • Juniper. For medicinal use. Limit
• one jus- Regular " \\ 60.
SEEDED.RAISINS, 3 1-Ib ,pkgs . .... ; .25c
Highest quality. Reg. 15c pk».
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, ft. . . ...... . .40c
S kinds. V Regular 75c.
MOCHA and JAVA, our; test COFFEE, Ib : 25c
By • special request we . "again give our
...friends a treat to get the best coffee. Reg-
ular S5c - ;
OLD. PORT and SHERRY .WINE, qt tot . 25c
- Extra' fine. Reg. 40c; ral.' 95c.
STRIKER'S KITCHEN.^ SOAP, 7 cakes. .25c
¦'As good as Sa polio. Reg. 5o cake.' .
NEW; CALIFORNIA CREAM CHEESE, lb- . 15
; ; ..; Regular. 2Cc"lb.-'.. ' ' ' : ¦•
WILLOW GREEK WHISKEY, .fall qt.". $1.00
1 ' - Hand-made Sour Mash. Reg. $1 50: gallon
- *3 £0. regular -»4 50;-10-yeax-old. - .-
MACARONI, 1 SPAGHETTI, box ': . .i . £ . 20c
•: ' *-VennlceIH. •- Reg. 25c.
JAPAN HEAD RICE,' 5 lbs : 1 ....... a 25s
; Reg." 4"lbs.'2Sc. ' '
TABLE FRUITS, extra quality,/ 3 can3. .£0c
- Peaches.. Pears." Apricots. Reg. 25e canl
4 PKGS * ASS)RTED MTJSH :..... . . v.25e
• lOrklnds. -Reg."10c pkg.
MY FAVORnE SALAD DRESSING.l rg bot. 25«
."'King; of all.'-; Reg. 35c.-: '.'."¦'.''.
CRO: SE &BLACKWELL J S JAMS :..... 15c
..'.. Imported : from. England. ;'. Reg: 23c.
MSTOMAT; Dainty Table ¦ SAUCE, bot . . 25c
Outshines all. Pure. Reg. 35c.
OUR^COUNTRY-CUSTOMERS- .;
: .Can take advantage of the "Special" sales.
— :- "We. ship free of ¦ charge ..within 100 miles on
all orders exceeding |3. Ask for monthly
¦ -'price list." free.agjjjj^BQl *
M34R-I»54 Mn'kf>* street.
Opp.' Seventh." 'Phone S.' 2SC. . Xo Branch Stores.
!:^^ Every Woman'
'«^\\TOm la Interested »nd»hoaidkno^r
' {BSf^lWlvilfflL -" -•*-' • about the wonderful
1W MARVEL Whirling Spray
' '.1\\\^^W*^n)«1 Thenew'a»»«miSjTtag». Jnjeo '
¦ H*2fivxrt GT\iigs»^ tion and Suction^ Best— Saf-
VCVs^V^y^rjgEw e3t— Most Conyenlent.
, 1'atentefl :- ~T ; ' ' ':/§] • ¦ . : "' - i« '
Jf h» n«nnot snpply tho Y«W ''Wf#KK>'. '
\ MARVEL, accept no • *-T>"-KV • " ">r^fe^*»
other. but «end itAmi> for 11- • \s. . /^'<^M^,
book-««l»<«-lt gives . . Yy? ; , / . .- . V,jf •
foil parUcnlars and directions in- . Cv' / • ." /M
T»lu»blo to ladles. MARVEL CO.. W '.';'•>//.,.,,, <j)r
j 503 Mission San Francisco. >^ ¦
: T? I U^> L-K:r o9 W^ n ANI>RRI ' r ABLE OLD
: £: 8P«ia«stcttr« Blood Poison, Oonorrhosa.GlePt,
I Strlctnrp, Bs»mliuU Weakness, impotence and [their
alUed Disorders. - Boot on Diseases of Meii. free
?. T VJ°,T e «/»>*Perience.TernM reawnnbic. Hour^:
9to3dally;«:30to8.30ev'gs.Sandays.l0tn 12. Consol-
; totlonfreeaqdsacredly confidential. Call oU addSma
P/BOSCOEMeXULTY.SI.D. /
28',' Kearny St^ Han ironciaca, <O&~ -
Men's l^ircai^ ?5iiirts j^^k
;Three —-laun'dereel r /with \;\ detachable /MW/|||J !
=link .cuffs tioi match, = golf style", -- also jwith- : de- fflfffifffllll\
tachable link cuffs, and the Soft bosoms : v;ith 1 1 I jM]jll\
¦two collars and a pair-of cuffs to match. ¦ J'Eye'f ml II lij^MyJ
have a* chance ¦ to'^get '¦ sb'lmu'ch^ for; a- half dollar |lf/^^^^^
before? The styles and patterns are 'just what ll ]^!&zr\
you want. Take '? your choice , to-day^at 1 one "\ ~^ $04\-':
* common price— 75b cents. a companion - of- \ '
ferwith these -shirts we. wili c sellto-da\v ,
Washable Ties ioc each;
.In' the English ; square . or imperial Vshapes-^splendid (as sortment of colors. ,
Molasses Cream Kisses iOc.
.;;'. — Put up in half-pound bags— ;pure5t, truest,.- old-fashioned molasses. It 13
- made by. our, own expert. It couldn'tibe,- choicer or more wholesome if you
: made it yourself in" your own "kitchen. Half-pound to-day .... 1 ... .^ .ioc
p:^^j|le^ei 1 i n ffs 25c a n d 50c.
' - We arequick to'get all the newest things in veils as soon as they are' out.
That's what our New. York house; is for, and getting so many of them as we
•do at a time we get~every ; possible ' concession.'--.''-: . .. .
Thes9 at 25c— CHENILLE 'DOTTED CHIFFON VEILS In black, 'cream or bJack
. . on white, or white on brown and new blue: 'also PLAIN AND DOTTED TUX-
. EDO MESHES and BRUSSELS NET and. DOTTED GRENADINE -VEILS in
black, white on black and' white— values that ordinarily sell for 35c and 50c—
, ', are now offered at one price, 25c. j- > . - * '
Silk Veilincs a t 50c— A SDlendld variety of NEW LONDON MESHES. light
. and dainty: PLAIN: AND FANCY MESHES with chenille and velvet dots, or
the NEW SILK PERSIAN DOTS. PLAIN AND DOTTED BRUSSELS NETS
and CHIFFONS or GRAY MIXED TUXEDO MESHES— your choice for 50c
: yard. • -, • . . -.-;,:¦,' '•¦ -. ¦ -. .: ¦} .
Gur U H. B." Gloves for $1.00
v ;; •> r Ohc^wo/n',;*"alway6 ; wor'n; s
. You'll fall in love with therri|at':once ? rand<'the ; longer>you /
¦ vrear jthem the stronger^attache^^vou^become to tHem. They
i don't disappoint- you, -they" don't /lose; their shape, they don't
"rcrack-or stretch; -They are^cut tofit^your hand. THEY ARE
GOOD GLOVES:: V/^'; " ;i
V . Two others—^each - leaders of their kind. '
f^^$0^^^^k S^ffiiS?. s-a-nttin*; *»t the
abl^n^ufc^a^^e^o^^^fe
Market. Street, near Sixth.: opposite Golden Gate Avenue.