PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAH FRANCISCO, TUESDAY^ AUGUST 20, 1901.
"VOLUME XC— NO. 81,
CALL BUREAU. 1406 C, STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON*. Aug. 19.— Colombia
is entirely able to handle the situation
and to Insure the freedom of transit
across the Isthmus of Panama. This is
the eubstance of the assurances given to
Special Diepatch to The Call.
Secretary Hay Gives the Inf ormati
That' This Nation Is Sending
to Protect Its
Interests.
Minister Silva Declares That
Uncle Sam's Protection
Is Not Needed.
Insures Transit Across
the Isthmus of
Panama.
ASSURANCES
DULY GIVEN
BY COLOMBIA
PADUCAH, Ky., Aug. 19.— The steamer
City of Golconda, plying between this city
and Elizabeth town. 111., was struck by a
squall during a storm about 7 o'clock
to-night as she was en route to Paducah
and turned over in ten feet of water, six
miles above the city, as she was going into
Men and Women Are Entrapped in
the Dining Room and Go
Down With the
Vessel.
Score of People Are Reported
to Have Perished in the
Disaster.
River Steamer Is Struck
by a Squall and
Sinks.
PASSENGERS
MEET DEATH
IN THE OHIO
BLAZING OIL
THROWN OVER
THE FIREMEN
Brave Men Meet Fearful
Death While Fight
ing Flames.
Three or Four Killed and
Many Badly Burned Be
fore Rescue.
Conflagration Among Oil Tanks Is
Caused by Lightning and Fol
lowed by Explosion of
Benzine.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 20.— TVhile a
large force o{, firemen were endeavoring
to check a fire in a nest of burning oil
tanks at the Atlantic Oil Refining Com
pany's plant at Tolnt Breeze, in the
southwestern section of the city, about
12:30 o'clock this morning, an immenso
SAYS THE ISLANDERS PILOT WAS INTOXICATED
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.-With a revolver
with one empty chamber lying by his side
and a bullet wound in the temple an uni
dentified man was found' unconscious on
the floor in the waiting-room of the Em
press Hotel, 393 North Clark street, this
Special Dispatch to ,The Call.
Letters Are Left Expressing Sorrow
at the Deed of Self -Destruction*
and Hinting at Some Great
Misery.
Keys in Possession Bear Tag
of the Columbian Bank
ing Company.
¦ *
Pathetic Suicide of Man
Believed to.Be From
This City.
ENDS LIFE
IN A HOTEL
AT CHICAGO
Ck>ntinued : on'Page Three;
Continued on Second Page.
..SANTA FE, : N, M.; Aug. 19.— A monu
ment to commemorate the fifty-fifth an
niversary .of the 'peaceful' annexation of
New-Mexico to. the United States was.un
velied: this afternoon ' on the . plaza in the
presence of a vast concourse. . It. was
erected '.by,- -Sunshine -/Chapter ¦ of; the
Daughters of the American Revolution. ,
Monument I Unveiled.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— The resig
nation of Charles M. Schwab as presi
dent of the* United States Steel Cor
poration is confidently predicted in a
r.pecial to the Tribune from Phila -
delphia.. It is stated that Mr. Schwab
will devote his energies to the man
agement of the Bethlehem Steel ard
Iron . Companies. '• Mr. Schwab when
seen in this city and questioned with
regard to the correctness ' of the tp
port declined positively -to discuss It,
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19.— United States
Minister to Brazil Bryan has gone aboard
the cruiser ¦ Atlanta, now.; cruising; along
the Brazil coast. 'It- is probable that this'
trip is one of pleasure and general inspect
Uon. . ,- ¦* : ... Li;** '•¦ .'¦',', '.-". '
Minister to Brazil on Pleasure Trip.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 19.— Burglars blew
open the safe in the office' of Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson last night, obtaining
more than $300 in cash and some checks.
They did not succeed In getting open the
steel cashbox. The burglars drilled into
the safe and then placed; sticks of dyna
mite in the holes. There is no clew to
their lndentity.
Fail to Open Steel Cashbox.
President of the Steel
Corporation Wishes
.'¦ : ently more cool under the cir
cumstances attending the wreck than most
persons would have been. He tells a clear
story of the wreck, and makes the sensa
tional charge that the pilot .was intoxi
cated and ;' the captain V had been
drinking. .This is his account: *
"I -was returning from •" Dawson \ and
boarded the Islander at Skaguay on 'Au
gust 14. There was a Jolly 'crowd-: on
board, arid everything went well until, the
fatal accident. ( We were within one. and
one-half miles from the entrance: to* Lynn
Canal' arid were \ going , ahead -at - the ; rate
of seventeen miles an hour. It. was foggy,
butside," and we.. could scarcely ', see i fifty
feet;ahead of us. f All the passengers had
retired' for the night. . . • ../ .¦-.
-••Suddenly : lhere was a shock 'and '. I
y^ SATTLE, Aug. 19.-John L 1 . W11-.
"£_¦¦ '~* '".' cox, formerly residing at bO3
Sixth street, San' Francisco, who
'-¦' : J was a. steerage passenger on, the
mtm*S steamship Islander, was appar-
- "Every thing".was confusion and . I ¦ went I
back orf djecft pnly to find ;that the decks ,
.were with < the' frightened v pas : j
sengers. - Some officer on. the bridge called
to the;sailors to lower the boats, and then
told thev passengers -that ' there ' was no
danger, >s }the;Phin was .fitted, with.air
tight; compartments , and '¦-. they Z ; were [y all
closed. ¦ '.Many ,- ; want ...back. to ;bed .when
they '.were- told, the -first-class passen
gers^cduld not see the?danger 'like;those
in the steerage. > When fthere; was nearly
•¦ ••• ¦ •¦¦- ...- '— --••¦-•- <-•¦••--£¦¦,»>¦.•¦•"." <'• *-•¦.?-¦-¦
grabbed my. clothing and ran on deck. •« I
looked 'at [xny watch and it was 1:50 a. , m.,
Skaguay time. -I- ran '.to the rail to see
what was the matter and looked over the
sldeVof - the vessel.: It-was" too; dark to
make anything out. ': I then .went -below
and-.when I reached my quarters in the
steerage i I could clearly make • put , ; the
water : as ¦', it ¦ flowed . in and covered the
deck. 3 .It" was' coining' In'in'a' big stream.
I tried to save pome of my effects, 1 but the
water was'too deep. '¦¦'¦'}. ¦ :^-. ,' ¦¦ .¦ " ¦ ; ¦'¦
"As the ship went down- the t captain
stood on the ' bridge and gave a leap f,or
one of .the ".life: rafts In the water. ..It
turned ;6ver r - and wasl righted ' agaln^'at
once. 'The' captain climbed on {again, ; and
--"The 'officers : did all they could.' but . the
.pilot was, intoxicated.' He came on board
at Skaguay in thatcondition and had. not
sobered. The" captain had also been seen
drinking In -the saloon during the- even
ping:*'.' ¦V : ' : - '¦..'-', .: '... ¦¦':<. : -.¦ '¦¦¦¦-'¦ ¦'•'• '-.
Pilot the Worse for Liquor.
two feet of water covering the deck they
stampeded for. the upper deck. The cap
tain: ordered the men to cease - lowering
the boats. The ship was still going ahead.
Finally the men became frightened .and
the. beats were put into the water. I got,
intothe first one, and we pulled a short
distance away and. then stood by to.ren
der any assistance necessary. . ';
Special Dispatch/ to The Call.
SCHWAB IS
EXPECTED TO
RESIGN POST
San Franciscan Who Survived -the Northern Wreck Blamed
-the Navigator i of the Luckless-Stea^m
aster Claims th
STEAMSHIP ISLANDER AND THE SCENE OF THE WRECK.
"After years of toil and striving, after
standing on the brink of that which would
suffice to bring me heaven and happiness.*
yet not the goal of my true and ideal am
bition, I find myself at this stage In hun
ger and thirst and yearning for the sweet
things of life. Some of those who. were
unworthy have employed my honest and
best efforts In 1he way of toll. There Is
to be a great evolution in this blessed land
within a few years. Of my landlord I ask
kind and tender forgiveness of this act' in
his premises; but there will be no excite
ment. T leave much behind, but I go in
peace. Many people have been very kind
to me. . God bless them all.'.' i . '.. .' . .
"Mrs. Vandussen— I thank you for the
fine treatment you have accorded me. and
I am extremely sorry" to Inconvenience
you by the deed I am about to commit: I
do not wish to live any longer. I am tired
of life."
There was no signature. -The stranger
had been staying at the hotel several
days, but had not given hismame. He is
thought to have come from San Francis
co, as among a bunch of keys found In
his possession was one bearing a tag
marked. "<1 reward If returned to the Co
lumbian Banking Company, Call' building,
San Francisco." On the other side was
the number 514. A pair of scissors and
$1S 16 were also among, the effects. , The
man Is about 38 yeans old. six feet four
and a half Inches 'in height, had gray
eyes, dark hair and long, sandy mustache.
His clothes indicate that he was in good
circumstances. They were made by a San
Francisco tailor. The name of the tailor
is Joseph Hern. ' "
This letter was also found written on
the margin of a newspaper: ¦ - ' r
afternoon. JCp one had heard the shot.
One of the patrons discovered the wound
ed man lying on the floor. The police of
the Larrabee station were Informed and
he was taken to the Alexian Brothers'
Hospital, where he died several hours
t later. From a note found on the person
despondency Is believed to have caused
him to end his life. It was addressed to
the landlady and read:
States is sending warehlps to the Isthmus
'not frith any intention of seeking, an op
portunity to interfere In the domestic, af
fairs of Colombia, but simply for the pur
pose of having a sufficient force on band,
end If It should become necessary to per
form the duty Imposed by the treaty of
1M6. and for the further purpose of pre
venting Intervention . by • any European
power on the pretext that such interven
tion Is necessary to protect their interests
fn Colombia. While It Is recognized that
responsibility for the maintenance of com
munication across the Isthmus rests pri
marily on Colombia and that the Vnite<3
Ftates should refrain from acting, if pos"-^
Flble. until requested by the Colombian"
authorities to land men, this Government
ie not bound to await such a request from
Colombia, and the . question of whether
fuch action will be taken will, be decided |
by the United. States in accordance with:
the conditions that may exist at any time-!
en the Isthmus. '
Preparing for Emergencies. j
In the meantime the United States is j
preparing to meet any emergency. The
Machlas finally got away from Hampton
Roads j-esterday for Colon, and the Iowa,
which has been delajred at San. Francisco j
by the necessity of making minor repairs
to her boilers. Is expected. to sail to-mor
' »ow for Panama, where she will arrive
Minister Is satisfied that . the United
Secretary Hay explained the attitude of
the United States to Minister Silva, and
the Minister left the State Department
•with the knowledge that this Government
d^efi not propose to land sailors and ma
rina at cither side of the Isthmus for the
purpose of keeping open traffic unless re
quested to do so by the Colombian Gov
ernment, or unless It becomes perfectly
plain that Colombia Is unable to prevent
the Interruption of communication. Tlie
Secretary Hay to-day by Dr. Martinez
Sllva. the Colombian Minister. Minister
Sllva called at the State Department this
morning and haa a lengthy conference
•with Secretary Hay. He communicated
to the Secretary the contents of a cable
dispatch he had received from Bogota,
saying that traffic across the isthmus was
entirely unobstructed as a result of the
efforts of the Colombian authorities. He
RFPtired the Secretary of his confidence
that Colombia would be able to maintain
order on the isthmus, and that it would
be unnecessary for the United States to
take any action under the provisions of
the treaty of 1S4G, by which this Govern
ment ie bound to maintain traffic across
the Isthmus.
Awaits Colombia's Bequest.
The Mary N returned late to-night with
those" saved. They report that the women
wereVdrowned. and the total number . of
those "who . perished will reach seventeen
'or twenty.. None of the bodies were re
covered; as ' the rescuers -could'^not get
Into the cabin.' The only woman saved
was Mrs. Havdrn. wife of the engineer.
Among those believed to be drowned
are: Miss. Lucy Bartlett of Smlthland:
Miss Lizzie Graham. . Greenville: Miss
Trixie Adams. Greenville:, * Mrs. David
Adams. • Smithland: Watts Havis, a
prominent farmer -of Livingston County:
Clarence Slayton of lola." Ky.: three col
ored deckhands.
t
The boat was .valued ".at about $25,000.
There is no way 'to determine the number
or names of the dead until the boat's
books are found. ? Cantain Peck nlaces the
number at sixteen. The Mary N left soon
after the survivors reached the £lty for
Score Probably Perished.
"The boat was getting ready to land
when the squall struck her and she listed.
Several passengers who were inside
jumped overboard and were caught by
the boat. The women, all of whom were
In the cabin, could' not be reached. The
boat settled down in ten feet of water
over a reef, and two of the men who
were in the cabin; • P. E. -"Wodten and
N. S. Quarter-mouse of Hampton, broke
through the glass and were saved. The
colored deckhands saved a woman, and
I don't think she was the only woman
saved. A yawl whicti'.had broken loose
was caught by some struggling men in
the water and rowed to shore. "We re
turned to" the boat on this, but could find
no'signs of life, and returned to shore."
Listed by the Squall.
The disaster happened as supper was
being served, and many of the seventy
five passengers were in the cabin. The
wind struck the boat without warning and
there was no time for those on the inside
to escape. Captain JeVse Bauer and Pilot
E. K. Peck were the last to leave the boat
and swim ashore. They saved several per
sons struggling in the water, left the sur
vivors in a house near the bank and came
to the city. Captain Bauer, who arrived
here two hours after the accident, sald^
Crewall's landing. A score of people are
reported drowned. .
It is believed twenty firemen were
Injured by the explosion. Police patrol
wagons and hospital ambulances were
kept busy for two hours removing tho
injured to the hospitals.
The bodies of three firemen were re
covered, but It is feared that others were
killed. The intense heat and the danger
of further explosions render a search for
bodies almost Impossible! One of the
dead men Is believed to be James Eals.
a fireman in the flre department. The
oth\r two bodies are so badly charred
and mangled that they are beyt>nd recog
nition. . .
Ten or twelve tanks of benzine and
petroleum have already been destroyed
and the fire la not yet checked. The Toss
will reach probably half a million dollars.
The fire was caused by lightning. . ."»..
At this hour the names of the dead fire
men cannot be learned. They were hor
ribly burned and their bodies so . badlv
mutilated that they were hardly recog
nizable when brought to the Morgue.
Some of the injured will die.
tank of benzine suddenly exploded. Many
firemen -were In close proximity and Cell
victims to the blazing oil and flying pltcei
of Iron. Three or four were killed r.ncl
many were badly burned before they
could be rescued by their more fortunate
companion;?. A general call was tele
graphed for ambulances and patrol
wagons and the Injured were hurried to
the hospitals in the lower end of the city.
The San Francisco Call.EXPERTS AT PLAY ON THE DEL MONTE GOLF LINKS, WHERE THE
PICK. OF. THE "CALIFORNIA AMATEURS ARE MATCHING THEIR
PROWESS.AT THE SCOTTISH GAME. -
• Four periods, • each of ten minutes dur
ation., were .played,, with the* San Mateos
or Blues conceding the ..Burlingames a
Burllngames— Tom' Driscoll, captain: Cyril
Tobln,; .Teddy Howard and Joe Tobln . "the
younger." '. . . -.: ¦
. San Mateos— Walter Hobart. captain; Char
ley Dunphy. R. Tobln, Francis Carolan.
In the afternoon the sturdy and rough
riding polo players attracted a large at
tendance to the track, the infield skirting
the green field being crowded with equip
ages of every description, bearing loads of
gayly attired ladies and their escorts.
Owing to some petty grievances among
the players the ensembles of the two op
posing teams was changed and rechanged,
until it was -nearly 4 o'clock before Ref
eree "Bob" Betiner, tossedthe ball on the
green and called play. Then the make-up
was as follows:.. .
¦In the continuation of the golf tourna
ment to-morrow .at match play C." E.
Maud meets E. D. Silent, H. M. Wilshire
meets C. E.Orr, G. B.Hubbard meets R;
M. Fitzgerald and H."^"M. Sears meets F.
S. Stratton. : • • -- ¦ • .
The score this afternoon was as follows:
Maud beat Cravens 1 up. Silent beat E. R.
Folger 3 up and 2 to play, Wilshire beat Holli
day 2 up, Orr beat O'Connor 4 up and 2 to
play, Hubbard beat Brown 1 up, Fitzgerald
beat- Atherton Folger 1 up,- Sears beat- Kellogg
2 up, Stratton beat Crosby 1 up.
On the side of the Blues, Walter
Hobart appeared to have lost none of his
old time dash or. skill,* but the ponies he
bestrode, while gamy, were not the
trained veterans . of former ¦ seasons.
Charley Dunphy, an adept at. blocking
•and utterly fearless when it came to
''taking any old chance, seemed; to have
lost his hitting eye. Frank Carolan, well
mounted, of course, showed great im
provement in his work and .was always
on the firing line. * -¦ _ \
'¦ Neither team scored during the first
period. . In the second Joe Tobin acci
dentally" knocked a goal 'for the Blues
and later in a srjlendid sally, after losing
the |unch, Walter Hobart - rolled ¦ up
.handicap of two points. That this was a
hasty and ill-advised, concession on the
part of Captain Hobart after-events
proved. If- the lazily played first period
could .'be excepted, the game was replete
with fast-maneuvers and remarkably
dashing displays of skill and horseman
ship, 'keeping the' crowd in a state of
feverish excitement. After playing- "the
first period, the . lackadaisical Blues re
covered from their attack of ennui just
after? the train had pulled out from the
station, only to stare defeat In the face
by a.score -of- 7 to\2. ¦ '¦". ; ; :;- / -\
Popular Tom Driscoll played like a
demon for his team, carrying, ; off all
honors and evoking constant • rounds of
applause by his clever sorties.
i Our rrietalllc'prbducts this year are val
ued at. 1527,218,084.". , .
'.'They say In all his' literary, career he
never wrote anything - but common
sense."
"Alas! I fear some enemy Is about to
counteract this." :
:;"Why?"';- .;;: .',;•- ..•--' / ; '-^ ••¦
: "Theyare going to^publish his i love" let
ters.'— Chicago Times-Herald.
¦ "That's true." said Miss Kittish.;. "She
even carried; her prejudice . against ; do T
mestic goods so far "as to marry, an 1 Im
ported husband." — Detroit • Free ¦ Press. •
"Nothing that is produced in this coun;
try is ever, quite good enough; for': Mrs:
Willoughby," declared Miss Frocks. • "Ev
erything must be imported." r. . : ¦
a boy of 18, and her methods of realizing
them, are not infrequently theatrical and
adventurous. She feels her restraint so'
keenly that in many. cases she has given
up the search for remedies, and weary of
compromising with a society which sho
fancies does not understand her, she has
blazed new paths for. herself,, where sho
now wanders in Ibsenlte . solitude, with
closely," cropped hair and bespectacled
nose, a" rather startling imitation of mas
culine privilege in manner,- dress and con
versation. — Inter Ocean. . ,
> .¦:> There has - been- talk of a single
president: for r both . ¦ Southern and
TTnion; Pacific, ;'.but such a plan is not
at present" contemplated. . H. G. Burt,
it is said,' will not be .disturbed as
president of the : Union • Pacific;; ¦ Vj ':'',
V; NBW^;YdBKj Aug. 19.— The Mail
and Express says f It was semi-offi
cially admitted to-day that President
• Charles J£. .Hays of the : Southern Pa
jcific..Company had ,, resigned ,to.tak9
effect -at : the ; pleasure' of \ the board
' >bf -directors^; There . is \ good authority,
for.' the statement . that .Samuel M.
Felton* . now, president of . the Chicago
and -Alton,, will succeed him. ,.
. The appended telegram, from New
York confirms the exclusive informa-,
tion given -by The Call iast Sunday,
/that Charles M. Hays had resigned as'
president of the Southern Pacific,. and
that ' Samuel: M. * Felton" ;had" been
slated .¦ _f or -the .position: , ' ,Y-, ;•
¦The. new* woman. In Denmark calls ' her-
self >. 'fremskridtskvinde, ; or/ woman of
progress,'- and ,' if we "• are . to /'. believe a
writer, in -'the* Boston '.Transcript; "who
seem^to know about. her,~ she maintains
her claim < to ; the title ¦ only % by sacrificing
her' best ¦ womanly,, ... instincts. • She is, in
other words, rather too advanced to be
of any real benefit rto society.'- ,¦'/•
-We are informed » that she apparently
despises the homely arts .of .her grand
mother and by. way. of demonstrating her
originality- fills 'her house with tobacco
smoke and politics." She is prone; says the
writer, to regard ..the rearing: of a family,
as a rather irksome and ungrateful task
imposed upon her sex, and she is becoming
ever, more jealous of .the seeming fr.eedom
and * independence . of man In professional
pursuits. • '.. ¦". '•
Her ideals are comparable with those of
Fremskridtskvinde. .
/l^LEVELAtlD, Aug. 19.— Adam Kest
/T .and" Joseph Eugene, two of the
(L '.workmen who were trapped in the
A^fc^. water works tunnel 200 feet, below
"....- the surface' of Lake Erie. by.. the
burning- of crib No.'.2 last -Wednesday
; morning,' were rescued from their danger
ous position late this : afternoon and are
now .lying semi-conscious" at i Huron, street
Hospital. With careful, nursing, the.phy
siclans; say," they -will soon recover, their
former ¦' strength. ¦ ¦- ¦ • '• - "•'; '--.',
- Shut oft from the upper world, , the men
i knew -nothing . of > the-- catastrophe -.that
Retires From the Souths
p %rri^Pabific at Pleasure .,
5. : of Directors!. /
killed so many of their comrades and im
prisoned them. They knew that some
thing had severed their connection with
the crib. They knew that beyond the aii
lock behind which they had taker* refuge
the air was too foul to breathe. But thej
supposed that the trouble was temporary
Each day they expected their comrades tc
come down the tunnel and rescue them
When their signal for help, tapping or
the air pipe, was at last answered iron:
the crib, Kest and Eugene were prepar
ing to" eat raw mule meat. Their deliv
erance came in the nick of time to make
unnecessary this desperate resort to keet
them alive. . : ; ;
Imprisoned in the Water Crib Two Hundred
¦.,•:•¦.•;,; Feet Bel dw; the Surface Adam Kest and
:; v|oseph : Eugene Have Fearful Experience
he .will pay. $2 a hundred. -.The, Berkshire
farmers * have ¦ protested and promise' 'to
make trouble for Mr. -Tobey, unless he
wlthdrawshis offers Some even go so far
as to propose.- a legislative enactment,
making a closed - season for ladybugs. —
N.H. Palladium. :--•¦ •. ¦ ' v
ting on the rail, attacked her. A farmer.
In an adjoining - field witnessed the- as
sault, but hearing no outcry did. not in-:
terferer Later, when the. negro was seen
running down. the track, he : gave '¦¦, the
alarm. The girl's- body was found lying
in the weeds under the bridge. . A posse
was organized promptly, and set out in 
nursuit of the negro. Godley and Carter
were promptly, arrested. < — > ';.'.' .
Gene Carter was afterward taken out by.
the mob, riddled with bullets: and left
dying in the street. , Carter confessed that
he knew who . committed, .the crime ¦ and
charged Joe Clark, a railroad porter,' now
away on his run, with 'being the' culprit.
The mob . has. arranged, : .to i meet; Clark
when he arrives at Monnett In the morn
ing and hang him. • Godley, the firBt negro
lynched,' had served a term in ¦ the • pen
itentiary, fpx assaulting a woman 60 years
old. ¦' '• V ¦<¦ >••- ¦"¦.<¦¦ v; '[¦¦'¦:.-. :--.'->-V ' -'
Thousand Armed Citizens Take a Prisoner
Fom Jail, Hang Him in Front of a Hotel
and Then Riddle; His^B,^
PIERCE CITY. Mo..' Aug. 19.— Will
Godley, a negro, was- lynched by
; a" mob composed of armed - citi
zens shortly after dark to-night
forthe murder of Miss Caselle
Wild, whose dead body, was found to-day
In the woods near here. The mob went to
the Jail about 9 o'clock and battered down
the doors and threw ropes around the
necks of Godley and Jean Carter, another
suspect. Godley was hanged .in front of
the Lawrence Hotel and. his body, riddled
with bullets. Carter's guilt. was not clear
ly established; and he was taken back to.
Jail. . " .[ ' " •"' ' " • ' r * ' ¦"¦ ',.
Th© crime' was committed at the Frisco
railway bridge, half a mile from the rail:
way station. The. girl was crossing the
bridge when the negro, who had'been sit-
Harvesting Ladybugs.
According to a. report, an uprising is
threatened by - the agricultural dwellers
among the' Berkshire Hills. Their , bugs
are being taken, from them and they fear
the consequences. -But iiow. the pest-kill
ers are being bought up for shipment to
South Africa. ¦ Professor. Lansbury of
Cape Colony believes that ladypugs will
be worth millions of dollars to the South
African farmers, i He has commissioned
F. C. Tobey of Osslning, N. - Y., . to buy
20,000 . and ¦ ship them to • him. - Mr. Tobey
has a summer home in West Stockbridge,
and to-morrow he will start on© hundred
children in quest of ladybugs, for which
HAYS HAS SENT
HIS RESIGNATION
It does not look as* If the United States was
trying to quench the flumes, but. on the con
trary, as it that country were trying- to epread
them as much as possible, in order, in any
case, to have a pretext for military Interven
tion.
If the Americans Intend ' nothing: more than
to protect the reasonable Interests of- citizens
of the United States, they should rejoice at
the presence of the European vessels havlne
the same object in view. Even the co-operation
of various powers would be possible.- But the
very fact that the United States Minister at
Caracas undertook the business of the congeed
Colombian Minister was calculated to arouse
distrust of the intentions of the Washington
Government, which thereby got control of
ex'ents at one of the most Important points.
Referring to the report circulated In
Washington that the trouble Is likely to
epread to Nicaragua" and Ecuador, the
Vossische Zeitung says:
BERLIN, Aug. 19.— The Vossische Zei
tung to-day, discussing the attitude of
New York newspapers regarding Euro
pean vessels going to the Caribbean Sea
points out that a large United States na^
val force has been sent there and raises
the o.uestion whether. "the American im
perialists" view the j present situation as
offering a welcome occasion for- extending
the sphere and power of the United States
or whether it is an honest attempt to re-
Etore peace. The paper continues:
Slurs Cast by Germans.
about the same time as the Ranger, or
possibly somewhat sooner, as she is much
faster. No orders have yet been issued to
any other vessels to reinforce the Machias
at Colon, but instructions were sent to
Admiral HIgginson to-day directing him
to take the entire North Atlantic squad
ron down to Hampton Roads next week.
This will place an adequate force at the
disposal of the department and will en
able as many ships as may be necessary
to be ordered to Colon.
Neither the State Department nor any
of the legations here has received con
firmation of the press reports that an ex
pedition from Ecuador had invaded Co
lombia. Dr. Silva believes that the report
is probably based upon the operations of
some small guerrilla band in the neigh
borhood of Pasto on the Ecuadoran fron
tier. He does not believe that the Gov
ernment of Ecuador is supporting thos»
operations in any way or that they are
on a Bcale entitling them to serious con
sideration.
TWO MEN ARE RESCUED
FROM LAKE ERIE TUNNEL
Continued From First Page.
ASSURANCES BY COLOMBIA
The City line of steamers is owned by
George Smith & Sons of Glasgow. The
fleet, comprising fourteen vessels, has an
aggregate tonnage of about 55,000 tons. '
With this addition and two Johnson
line steamers recently purchased the Ley
land line fleet, which was formerly com
posed of fifty-eight vessels ¦with a total
tonnage of 246,146 tons, will have seventy
four vessels and a total tonnage of 301.146
tons. .
LONDON. Aug. 19.— It is reported in
Glasgow that J. R. Ellerman of the Ley
land line has purchased. the old estab
lished City line of fourteen steamers en
gaged in the East Indian trade, the price
being nearly £1.000.000. Ellerman, accord
ing to rumor, is acting for J. P. Morgan
and his associates.
Steamers Engaged in Cast In
dian Trade.
Purchases City Line of Fourteen
MORGAN NOW CONTROLS
ANOTHER OCEAN LINE
Soo Art was captured in this city and
the suspicion was strong in the mind of
his captor that he had just come across
the border from Mexico. He was supplied
with a certificate of registration, but the
description did not tally with his appear
ance. Before Commissioner Knoles he
claimed that he lived in Los 'Angeles and
had come down to collect an amount owed
to him by another Chinese. He said that
he had lived in Los Angeles for many
years, yet he could not- tell the name cf
a street or a person in that city.
The order for Soo's release comes from
the United States District Attorney, who
holds that he cannot be imprisoned pend
ing such an appeal. He was released
•without bonds and did not stop to get the
registration certificate, which the Col
lector still holds.
FBEES A CHINESE WHO
IS ITNDEB SUSPICION
"United States District Attorney Al
lows Soo Art to Evade Possible
Deportation.
SAX DIEGO, Aug. " 19.— Soo Art, the
Chinese who was accused of being un
lawfully in this country and who was
given a favorable decision by Commis
sioner Knoles, has been released from the
County Jail despite the appeal of the Gov
ernment to the Federal court. The ap
peal is not stopped; Collector Bowers may
take -the case to the Federal court and
there convince the deciding power that
the Chinese had no right to be in this
country, but it will-hardly do much good
for by that time Soo Art will be hard to
find.
NEGRO MURDERER LYNCHED
BY A MOB OF MISSOURIANS
Tot>in-Hobart Feud Again. •;
The blazing up once more of the ; old
Tobin-Hobart feud .came, dangerously
near postponing the polo game. Cyril To
bin declared early .in the afternoon that
he would not play with Walter Hobart.
There was a gathering of the clans and
several secret meetings, but by .the .time
that Driscoll's tailor forwarded him suit
able toga in which to take his place in
the tournament, and which' would make
the theft of his wardrobe not too' appar-.
cnt. the Tobin-Hobart matter .'.was all
patched up- and Tobin lined up .with the
Burlingame team, riding to honors under
Captain Driscoll. . .
Young Joe Tobin has managed to creato
a sensation here and arouse to a becom
ing degree of excitement the members of
the exclusive set whose scutcheon sets
forth, "You can't astonish us." Joe ap-.
peared on the polo field this afternoon in
the very latest English rig. His white
ducks looked exactly like everybody else's
white ducks; so did his boots and glossy
leather leggins. But it was his headgear
that made the admiring onlookers elong
ate their necks. On Joe's shapely cran
ium was perched the very latest fhing—
the English polo cap.
An English polo cap is a very impres
sive affair and most becoming, at least it
is^to Joe. To the unitiated it looks mo3t
like a smoking cap. . It is of a rich blue
cloth, elaborately embroidered in gold,
and kept in place by means of an elastic
worn behind his e"3rrs. Joe wears it rak
ishly tipped over his right ear.
EL MONTE, Aug. 19.— It is " the
quality that counts at Del Monte
these days and not the quantity.
The qualifying for the golf tour
nament began this morning, the
opening of the polo tournament was In
full swing this afternoon, and, excepting
the players, of course, the golf and polo
enthusiasts have not turned out strong
enough, to alarm anyone. At the golf
links this morning there was scarcely
more than a handful of smart maids and
matrons to cheer the players on. It was
different with. the polo game in the after
noon; everybody turned out, but every
body all told did not make much or a
showing. This must not be construed to
mean that golf is losing hold as a fash
ionable game. Everybody plays golf and
talks golf, but everybody is not many.
There is an irate millionaire here who de
clares the next time he comes to the
hotel he is going to wear baggy trousers
and golf cap and buckle on. his. back, in
a good, stout leather bag, all "the pic
turesque golf implements.
"Then I'll be shown some considera
tion," he eays. "That's the only way to
do it. It's the brassy .that counts these
days, not your bank account." •
• They are putting 1 all the blame for the
slim attendance on the. weather, and cer
tainly it has been cold and dismal enough
to warrant all the mean things that can
be said. Those who watched the polo
game this afternoon came away, with
blue noses and chilled hands, and the
restoring warmth of the and
the cheering fire in the great hall of the
hotel were gratefully accepted. Those who
paid attention to the golf game \ were
treated to a few surprises, first and fore
most of which was thatthe home teams
did not make the showing it was
hoped they would; and, last but not least,
that the men from the southland - were
more than apt to carry off the honors.
Some of the Arrivals.
• Up to the present the men have it, pretty
much their own way. The turn of -the
more fascinating sex will not come:- till
Wednesday. -'¦"¦'- .'
Mrs. Henry, T, Scott came- down tjy thia
afternoon's train: Mrs.-' Eleanor Martin • Is.
expected to-morrow. .The Taylors ¦ come
on Thursday..- > , ¦. .;•.'¦;¦ •...;•¦,''.'
Edward Greenway gave a; dinner, last
evening, at which he entertained,twenty
four friends. ..... . ; ¦ -¦ .V-y. .-_- :.>•;-':£'•* ¦¦^¦". ''¦
"I'm'not'idoing much; these days,". isifd
Ned; "just swimming and jjolfing.7, .'n ¦,'
To-night the hotel groundsiwerejilluml
nated and there r was anvQjjtuooc^'concert
and some flriet singing :"liy. a quartet of
male voices. , The evening ... concerts liwill
continue throughout the week; N -'¦:
ON LINKS AND: POLO FIELD.,
Fashionable. • Gathering •; Views'; Some
Exciting Contests. \ ?Y,
DEL MONTE, Aug. l£*-Although: the
weather was bleak and dreary and 'an
overhanging fog threatened to envelop the
links, an eager, expectant throng of golf
ers early gathered to participate in the
men's amateur competition for the Del
Monte cup. Of the original twenty-one
entries sixteen easily qualified- in. the
opening play, at eighteen holes.- The score
was as follows: • ¦ '. • ;
Fred S. Strattoiv, 78; E. Folgen 89; A. Fol
ger, 80; C. E. Maud, 82; H. M. Sears, 83: H.
M Wilshire, 83; E. D. Silent, 83; Lansing Kel
logg- 84; W Crosby S6;.C. E. Orr, 87; J. S.
Cravens, 88; R. M. Fitzgerald, 88; C. M. Hub
bard. 89; W. S. Brown, 89; AV. H. Holliday, 90;
W. O'Connor, 90." . - ¦•'"••' .-;/•• . ' ¦
After the! noori hour, the "drawing hav r '
Ing taken place, match play^was resumed.
Of course, the hepes of. the north 'reposed
in the prowess of the coast champion,: the
Oakland golfer.- Ernest Folger, and his
overthrow .at the hands of the Southern
Calif ornian. E.. D. Silent, who won by a
score of .three up and .two. to play, was
decidedly the sensation of .the' day. The
campfires of the southern contingent burn
brightly to-night, for in the event of .the
downfall of Golfer Silent, C. E. RJaud and
C. E. Orr are said. to be drivers and put
ters far above the ordinary. After the
game Champion Folger told friends that
he had no apologies to make.
"I met a better player," said he. His
conqueror, Mr. Silent, Is especially strong
at putting, although a stranger to the
links,- and to this branch of the Scottish
game Folger attributed his defeat more
than to anything else.
-With such a formidable and worthy
competitor as Mr. Folger dethroned, Fred
S Stratton, the attorney, considered* by
many, the coming player- of the year, is
now picked to give the south country folk
a rub. Cool, possessed of splendid judg
ment and unruffled by the presence of
many spectators, .he is looked upon as the.
dark horse of the tournament.
The wounded men were at once taken to
the post hospital, where proper medical
attention could be given.
Private King died to-day. Private Mur
ray Sykes of New York City is expected
to die at any moment.
Private Watson, killed to-day, is from
Waco,>Tex.
Unless unexpected complications set in
the remainder of the men will recover,
but it will be necessary to remove the
light eye of Sergeant Dennis Mahoney.
Notwithstanding the accident to-day the
battery will go out for target practice in
the morning as usual.
Recruit Lloyd, who recently joined the
battery from Jackson, Tenn., had his left
forearm blown oft" and right eye badly
burned.
Sergeant Dennis . Mahoney, a native of
Boston, was hit in the mouth with a frag
ment of shell and lost several teeth.
Private Murray Sikes had a portion of
his skull torn and right eye badly injured.
Charles Duncan was badly bruised about
the head and blinded in both eyes. He
is from near Wichita.
Henry Logsdon is of London, Ky. His
body is badly hurt and he may go blind
from powder burns.'
Private John King had both arms torn
off and lost both eyes. He is from New
Jersey.
The big siege battery of four guns has
been on the target range north of this
city since "Wednesday of last week. This
morning the usual practice was in pro
gress. The 107-pound, shell had been put
into the third section gun and Private
Watson was' in the act of •ramming the
shell home when there was a terrific-ex
plosion and the headless body of Watson
was seen standing perfectly erect for al
most fifteen seconds, when it moved as
if to Etep, and then fell, alighting on the
back and shoulders toward the gun. '
Watson has a father in Texas and a
brother and eister in South Carolina and
enlisted in Savannah, Ga. .¦••¦¦¦
John J. King was wounded fatally.
Murray Sykes, wounded fatally. Charles
Duncan, wounded seriously. Henry Logs
don, wounded seriously. Dennis Mahoney,
seriously. — — LJoyd, seriously. Ross Buck,
slightly. James Brady, slightly. ;.;.*, , "
Henry C. "Watson, killed Instantly.
JUNCTION CITY, Kan.. Aug. 19.— While
at target practice about 9 o'clock this
mornlngr on Fort RIley reservation, half
a mile north of this city, a seven-inch
shell exploded as it was being placed in
the breech of the third section gun of
Siege Battery O. Seventh Artillery, com
manded by Captain Van Duzen. Casual
ties: -.-¦. • ¦ •
Private Watson Is Instantly
Killed and Several Others
Injured.
Big Projectile for Siege
Gun Prematurely
Explodes!
BURSTING SHELL
KILLS SOLDIERS
Defeat of -Coast Champion Ernest Folger by E/ D.;SiIen the Links Arouses thei Southern
California Contingent to Exuberant Enthusiasrn---Burlingarne > s Rough-Riding Team, Captained
by Tom Driscoll, Easily Triumphs Over the San Mateo's, Under Direction of Walter Hobart
WITH GOLF AND POLO SOCIETY OPENS ITS
SEASON OF OUTDOOR SPORT AT DEL MONTE
CAPTAIN LEMLY
HAS THE NAMES
Prepares Witness List
For Schley Court pf
Inquiry. \
Rear Admiral Howison "Will
Be Asked to Explain Hi*
Statement I
another: After, this the game was Dris
• collized, the doughty captain of the Reds
, piling up point after point and com
pletely snowing in the demoralized Blues.
Of : casualties there were few. Charley
Dunphy broke two sticks and Cyril Tobln
stopped a swatted ball with the back of
, his hand, raising a lump that arnica will
reduce. .
WASHINGTON. ¦ Aug. 19.— The Navy
Department has decided that the
Schley court of inquiry shall be held \n
the gunners* workshop at the navy-yar<.
The workshop is a large new building an4
well adapted to the requirements of th*
court. Judge Jere Wilson and Hon. Isadoi*
Raynor. counsel for Rear Admiral Schley
in the coming court of inquiry, called on
Acting Secretary of the Navy Haekett to
day and made inauiry resardln^ the - de
partment's list of witnesses. They were
Informed that the department had no pre
pared list; that the preparation of this
list is in the hands of Captain Lemly, the
judge advocate of the court, who Is now
in Canada, and who is expected to return,
to Washington next Monday. They also
were informed that counsel for. Admiral
Schley could write a letter to Captain
Lemly asking for the list, which letter
would be forwarded to the judge advo
cate, or they could await his return and
then make application to him. Admiral
Schley did not accompany his lawyers. It
is understood that a letter will be ad
dressed to the department by Admiral
Schley's counsel askinsr for a list of the
witnesses. It is stated that the call on
Secretary Hackett was Informal. : -f»r~
During their conference with Acting
Secretary Hackett to-day Raynor and
Wilson advised him that a communication
would be sent to him thla afternoon rela
tive to certain statements reported to
have been made by Rear Admiral Howi
son, a member of th© court of inquiry, in
regard to the Schley-Sampaon con
troversy. The letter to Secretary Hackett
will inclose copies of interviews purport
ing to have come from Admiral Howison.
stating among other things that the bat
tle off Santiago Bay was won by Samp
son, that the latter'a presence was un
necessary at that flsht and that between
the two officers Sampson is the better one.
Hackett 13 reouested to forward this
communication to Admiral Howlaon for
his consideration, and a copy of that of
ficer's reply to the department Is asked
for
"While the request of the counsel of Ad
miral Schley for a list of witnesses will
be submitted to Judge Advocate Lemly
as a matter of form it has already been
determined at - the department that the
request will be complied with and the Ust
will be furnished to Admiral Schley's 'offi
cers. Possibly this will not be done until
after the return of Captain Lemly to
Washington. : .;- .- »: •
Lieutenant P. TV. "Wells, who was fla?
secretary to Admiral Schley during the
West Indian campaign, has been detached
from the Kearsarge and ordered to Wash
ington to assist Admiral Schley in the
preparation of his case. This was "done
on the request of the admiral, who said
he desired the assistance of Lieutenant
Wells, because of his familiarity with the
correspondence during the ; time he
(Schley) was in command of the fly ins
squadron. > • - • -:-v.\,-.
Floating in the Sacramento.
WOODLAND. Aug. 19.— Supervisor
Burns of Sutter County yesterday dis
covered a body floating in the Sacramento
River, on the Tolo side, near Freeport.
Nothing was found that would serve as
a means of identification. The body wa*
that of a man about 40 years of age an<l
wore overalls, a blue flannel shirt and
lace shoes. ~t - -.- ".
Joseph Newman.
.SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 19.—Joseph-New
man, one of the early, settlers at Boulder
Creek, died last evening. He was a native
of Germany and 84 years of age.***:? ¦.._
Withdraws Its Guarantee.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 19.— The Game-well
Fire Alarm Telegraph Company has not'
fied the City Trustees that it withdraws
its guarantee on the fire alarm system of
Alameda. It gives as a reason the action
of the City Trustees In putting In fire
alarm boxes manufactured by a rival
company.
ENTRIES FOB THE RACES.
Events That Will Be Contested <ro
- Friday and Saturday.
DEL MONTE, Aug. 19.— Following are
the entries for the races to occur here on
Friday:
First race, three-sixteenth? of a mile for
polo ponies, gentlemen riders, weight 165
pounds and upward— R. L. Bettner's Baujo. R.
L. Bettner's Chaquiro, Francis Carolan's Bon
nie, Charles Dunphy's Lady Betty, Walter S.
Hobart's Bess. Terry McGovern and Fire Fly,
C, E. Maud's Gertrude, H... Praed's Nativa Son
and Kentucky Belle, J. O. Tobin's Yellow
Jacket.- M. E.,. Flowers'- Coyote. . • ... .
. Second race, .halt a mile, . for ponies, gentle
men rlderf, top weight 183 pounds — R. L. Bettr
ner's-LJttle Joe. Francis Carolan's Snuff Box
and" Prin', ss Flavia,. Charles Dunphy's Topo;
M. E. Flowers' Viola. W. S. Hobart's' Silver
Pick and Terry McGovern, C. E.' Maud's Buck
thorn, J. J. Moore's Squaw, J.. Parker's Red
Jacket. . - - '¦-¦¦.
Third race, over-night entries, half a mile,
for saddle or vaquero horses, owned and ridden
by residents of Monterey, or Santa- Cruz coun
ties. 150 pounds andi upward.' '.
Fourth race, half a mile, for polo' ponies,
gentlemen riders, top weight '165 pounds— R. L*.
Bettner's Mona, Francis Carolan's Bonnie,
Charles Dunphy's Lady Betty. Walter S. Ho
bart's Terry McGovern. C. E. Maud's Ger
trude. H. Praed's Native Son and Kentucky
Belle.- .-.
. Fifth . race, three-eighths of a mile, for po
nies, tnD weight 115 pounds— R. L. Bettner's
Little Jce," Francis Carolan's Fusillade. Charles
Dunphy's Topo. M. E. Flowers' - Viola. W. S.
Hobart's Florinel. C. E? Maud's Buckthorn,
J. J. Moore's Squaw. 3. Parker's-. Red Jacket.
Sixth • race, San Mateb" ' hunt • "steeplechase,
two and a half miles, weis-ht for ."age, for a
cup. professionals penalized seven pounds-
Francis Carolan's Spectator, T. C..' Driscoll's
Mestor, George Hall's Periwig, John Lawson's
Vanity, J. J. Moore's Texarfcana. ' ¦ .
-The entries for Saturday's events fol
low: - - . .•¦.-¦
First race, five-eighths "of a mile, "for polo
ponies," handicap,- gentlemen riders, -lowest
weight 145 pounds— R. L; Be-ttner's Banjo and
Chaqulro, . Francis Carolan's Snuff Box. Charles
"Dunphy's Lady Betty. "Walter S. . Hobart'8
Terry. McGovern. C. E. Maud's Gertrude and
lJuckthorn, H. Praed's"- Native Son and Ken
tucky Belle.
Second race, one-quarter .of a mile, for po
nies, gentlemen riders, top weight 165 pounds-r
,R. L.. Bettners Little .Joe, Franci3 Carolan'i
Princess 'Flavia and Bonnie, Charles. Dunphy'a
Topo,- M. E. Flowers' Viola, . W. S. Hobart's
Silver Dick. J. Parker's Red Jacket.
¦ Third race, over-night entries. Galloway race,
.five-eighths of a mile, horses fifteen hands and
under, owned and ridden by members of the
Pacific Coast Polo and Pony Racing Associa
tion, gpntlemen riders, top weight 175 pounds.
Fourth race, Del Monte cup. one mile, for
ponies, frentlemen riders, top weight 165 pounds
— R. L. Bettner's Little Joe, Francis Carolan'a
Fusillade, Charles Dunphy's Topo. .W. S. Ho
bart's Florinel, M. E. Flowers' Viola. C. E.
Maud's Buckthorn. J. J. Moore's Squaws J.
Parker's Red Jacket.
Fifth race, one and a half miles, hurdle race,
for ponies, top weight 165 pounds— Francis Car
olan's Hobo and Snuff Box, Charles Dunphy's
Topo, J. Parker's Red Jacket, J. O. Tobln's
Jubilee.
Sixth race, steeplechase, open handicap, txra
and a hall miles. Entries. are, the. same as In
the sixth race of Friday. ¦
THE SAX FBA;NCISGa GALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1901.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If You Are Not Using
i n r r r i
Malt Breakfast Food
Yon Are Missing One of the
Good Things of Life.
All stomach troubles, indigestion and
gastric derangements are avoided when
you make use of Malt Breakfast Food, the
only properly predlgested food in the
world. Thousands of dyspeptics are us-
ing Malt Breakfast Food by physicians*
orders from two to three times a day and
are beginning to enjoy life.
Malt Breakfast Food, while aiding and
favoring digestive vigor, builds flesh, bone
and. muscle and keeps the old and young
in perfect health.
Tour grocer sells this true health food.
BBBW!SIBR***BMB>WW*B***MBI<*!BBH)M
Like, a
Meteor
Flashing across th* sky — the
dash, of the
California
as it rushes across the contl-
V neat to' Chicago. Leaves San
7^ Francisco 9 a. m. Monday and
Thursday, arriving in Chi-
cago at 2:15 p. m. Thursday
'and Sunday on the ¦
Santa fe
8-<3^'%^o^^^^.^^^^o^».0
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
fHUSEUH OF ANATOMY)
a C«S l551JlA2S3TST.t«i. S:i*7ti.3.?.C»l. £
\ ¦ >*l The Latest Anatomical Museum la (be \
7 KSrajk ,i°',« VV " lc 1 ne »« or iny conn-acted A
• ra«1 ? * .po»itl«ely e «,.d hy the oldest "
r *SkI dr * jor dan-dishases of men 5
A I $#|yi Co"™ 1 " 1 ' 0 " and strictly pmate. \
F I tf% 0 pl^ me^ Pf r$ona!| y or by letter. A 6 ¦
\ 1 W 11 1 f * ntn * CWe fa «»ery ca*« undertaken. 7 '
r f u llff _^tjil, f ? r * 1 ?2 ok> * 1111 - 0 » or " l ' lf •*«
\ H II B1 ;*?.*£**F- MAItiO FXBB. (Af
A, O f£ »»luable book for mrn) \
T DRJOBDiX A CO.. 1051 Market St. B. f. wContinued on Page Four.
HAVANA. Aug. 19.— The second man
wlo was blttsn by infected mosquitoes
that had been set apart for the experi
ments of Dr. CaMas. the Brazilian expert,
died, of yellow fever to-day.
Another Victim of Experiments.
Fire Destroys a Large Town.
PARIS, Aug. J3. — A dispatch from Basse-
Terre island of Guadeloupe. Bays that xne
town of Grand Bourg, island of Marie
GalanU*. in the French Antilles, has been
destroyed by fire. The town has a popula
tion of 15,000. . .¦*..:• "^
CAYI'COS. Aug. 13. — Captain James
Cass, with a small party of friepds, went
sailing in the yacht Goldfinch on Estero
Bay yesterday morning. They were near
lnj* the wharf on their return when a hali
but welshing twenty-six pounds leaped
up from the water on the lee side, and
clearing the boat's side"between the gun
wale and the mainsheet space landed
Fouarelv in the craft. Halibut are very
rare in this bar, only two having ever be
fore been caught here. <
Halibut Leaps Into Their Boat.
RICHMOND. Va., Aue. 19.— Fire to-day
destroyed what is locally known as the
J. Wright Company plant of the American
Cigar Company, at/ the corner of Twenty
third and Carrey streets. There were
about 400,000 pounds of leaf tobacco in the
building, owned by the American Cigar
Company, and this, with the machinery,
it is estimated was worth JUS.000. The
building:, an Immense five-story structure,
covering 15.200 square feet, was owned by
the Continental Tobacco Company. A con
servative estimate of Its value at th* time
of the fire is $60,000. It was entirely de
stroyed. Tlie total loss Is about $3X1,000.
Large Cigar Factory Burned.
VICTORIA. B. C. Aug. 19.— Passengers
and members of the. crew of the, steamer
Islander who have arrived here say that
the loss of life by Thursday's disaster in
Lynn canal will exceed sixty-five. They
say that there were probably five or mor*
stowaways on the steamer, and that the
five children known to have been on board
the vessel were cither drowned, or died
of exposure, and they believe that the
loss of life will \ reach more than seventy.
Many of the passengers of the wrecked
steamer tell of thrilling experiences. A.
Brumbauer of Portland, who was bring
ing out a satchel containing $14,000 in
Klondike .cold, rushed up to the . upper
deck when the boat was settling by the
head and Captain Foote told him , there
was little danger. Soon there was a rush
for the boats, and when he was boarding
Survivors Tell Th rilling Sto
ries of Their Struggle in
the Water.
CLAIM SEVENTY
SANK TO DEATH
stood upright for some time in full view.
Suddenly he cried out. 'trood-by, boys,
and jumped into/the water and sank at
or.ee. Fully twenty minutes. must have
elapsed from the time we felt the shock
to th#> time the steamer sank, and .there
was plenty of time to h:rve beached the
vessel and saved the lives of all."
At 503 Sixth street, where Willcox re
sided last winter, up to the time of his
departure for the north, but little Is
known of him. ,
"He was employed in a lumber yard at
the foot of Sixth street.",/ said the
landlady last night. "He was of
a quiet, retiring disposition and
had ' but few friends. From what
little I saw of him I would say he.
was a man of excellent character and
was always true to his word. Any state
ment that he would make I would accept
as the truth." . ,
lee believes jumped overboard and must I :
have struck the propeller. He never saw 1
him again. . \~ ' ¦
Mr. Brownlee and the second engineer
hung to the railing at /he stern as high
as they could get. that place being the. •
only nart which was not under water. As -
the ship went down they were still there.
"With them was" an old~gentleman from
Vancouver | named- Morgan. When they
came to the surface Morgan and Brown
lee caught hold of a piece of. wreckage
and Just then Dr. Phillips of Seattle
came up and grasped the same piece. It
was only a frail support at best and Phil
lips was ITT a terrible state of mind, hav
ing just seen his wife and daughter drawn
to their doom in a whirlpool formed by
the sinking • of the ' ship. Another man
was observed struggling in the water and
the end of the wreckage was passed to
¦him. He was one of the oilers and -his
name was Burke. Thus there were three
men clinging to one frail piece of wreck
age. " ¦ ' ¦
Suddenly the fog. , which had wrapped
all in obscurity, lifted and Mr. Brownlee
discovered a quantity of wreckage not far
away. He succeeded In securing enough
for a small raft. "By this time his legs
were so numb with cold that he could
rot move them and he was! compelled. to
rub and. punch, them persistently to re
store " circulation. He firsts hauled Dr.
Phillips aboard and i. after much exertion
succeeded In reviving him. The two then
hauled' Burke- aboard, but the unfortu
nate inan was too far gone and, murmur
ing something about_belng cold, . expired
on the raft. ' . - , .
. More wreckage was secured and the di
mensions of the raft increased. The two
men realized 'that unless, they reached
shore or were picked up speedily it would
be all overwith them. . They commenced
paddling in what they took to be the di
rection of the shore.
•Finally, having -been in the water for
about an hour, they were hailed by Pur
ser .Bishop and a boatload of rescuers.
They did not at- once go to the shore.but
continued to row ' back and forth i in -• the
vicinity of the wreck, picking up here and
there a body or rescuing some benumbed
person clinging desperately to portions of
wreckage. ;. The boat was soon filled with
the- living and dead. .and. then" made ; for
the shore. 'Here efforts were madeto re
suscitate-.those overcome by exposure.'
sojnpof which were successful and others
.futile/' I-::- \- ¦.: ¦, '.„ •- . "v'.'V-
Mr. - Brownlee,- the mate . and several
others got into a boat and started- to pull
for- the TreadwelK mines, two- or. three
miles away. The current was tooNtrong
for the weak, enervated men, and ""the
Demands Recall of Turkish. Troops.
CON'STANTTNOPLE, Aug. 13. —Two
companies of Ottoman troops have occu
uled Kilsobalr, disputed territory, across
the Bulgarian frontier, and the Bulgar
ian Charge d* Affaires has demanded their
recall within a specified time.
¦ "We thought we were caught in a trap."
said the chief, ."but managed to-keep'our
beads or I' would not be. here "now. .-'We
;ran and climbed over ;thc stanchion' ; and
onto the deck, y We -were not' there more
than.a few .seconds 'when the shlp^went
down." 1 ¦ ¦-•¦ ;•¦•-:-,- *-*'. „-'.'¦ . - > ¦ ' ;".- ¦.
George Allen, the. third engineer, Brown-
Continuing, the chief engineer sald.that
he received several telegraph orders of
"full speed astern" and - "full speed
ahead." but it was impossible to carry
them out. By this time the bow had set
tled to such an extent that the propeller
was out of the water' and consequently
could not work. He rushed : to the deck
and explained the situation to ; the cap
tain. While there he saw the lifeboats,
six in number, and the life rafts, launched.
This was done very successfully under the
direction of Captain Harris, formerly of
the sealing schooner Carlotta G. Cox, the.
mate and thc*€econd officer. : . .
Having told the captain that he 1 could
do nothing. ¦¦ the chief . engineer returned
below, as the second and third engineers
were in the "engine room waiting their or
ders. He told. them to get out and save
themselves, rasv the -steamer: would:' sink
In a few minutes.^ The other two grabbed
life-preservers from their rooms amf.the
three' rushed for the dining room on their
' way to tKe deck. But it was ¦ impossible
to reach the stairs forward. I The ship was
half full of -water, which was pouting
alone* the saloon. ' - ' • ;;•
"T told him," said Mr. Brownlee. "that
within a very" few 'minutes she would be
under, and the captain proceeded to the
deck. ¦ "With one exception that .was the
last time I saw him./ ' '
Chief Engineer Brownlee encountered
Captain Foote just as. he -left his room.
Captain Foote Inquired If the steamer was
takine mu?h water. ' •
to Jump into the boats before they had
been launched. Had it not been for this
crowding and rushing he believes all
would have been saved, with" the possible
exception of those who did , not get out
of their staterooms,' among -'whom v/er«
Andrew Keating and his two sons. Arthur
and Julius, of Los Angelas. The crew, on
the. other hand, behaved splendidly, and
looked to the safety of the passengers.
After the beats had been launched the
crew turned its attention to the rafts, but
thess were also rushed and after they had
been launched, some of the seamen had
to swim for wreckage, as there were too
many, on the rafts. Le Blank believes the
vessel sank In twenty-three fathoms and
that the boiler did not explode, but that
the woodwork was carried away by the
rush of air ar.d water.' ¦ • ¦ ¦ '•¦
A -passenger who arrived by the Queen
says : that on Thursday morning when the
tide turned it brought in a large quantity,
of debris from the wreck, including; parts
of cabin floors, staterooms, trunks, etc.
The Indians looted. the wreckage. smash-
Ins trunks with axes and carrying off val
uables. , • . • ¦•
Pilot La Blank, who had charge of ,th«s
Islander at: the time she 'struck, says/that
many of the men acted badly, , attempting
ITnited States Consul A. J. Smith, who
was a passenger on the steamer .Queen,
saw Dr. Phillips of Seattle at Juneau. Dr..
Phillips told him that he had lost his wife
and child. The doctor»insisted that no one
called at his room, but he felt the sudden
stoppage, and Fays that his wife told him
to- get up and sec what the cause of 'it
was. He demurred at first, but. hearing
people moving on the deck he got up and
told his wife to dress immediately. When
they emerged from their room the steam
er was' sinking, and before they ! could
Jump from the deck his wife and child
were caught in the suction of one of the
ventilators and drawn down. Dr. Phillips
•was also drawn into the ventilator, but
was caught by the head af the top and
¦escaped being drawn down to death.. His
eye was severely cut by the ventilator. He
went down with the steamer, but caught
hold of some wreckage, from which he
was afterward rescued. "When rescued'.he
called for his wife and child, and a man
brought the body of his little girl to him.
He was left at Juneau. refusing to leave
until his wife's body was found. " ''
Sam Starten of Winnipeg also dropped a
satchel laden with ?4000 in gold and a
friend lost his portmanteau with $3000 in
gold in it and escaped to tell the story,
¦while one man who had just come out of
the Klondike, -vhose name was Blumauer,
is reported to have taken his portmanteau
from the care of the purser. Mr. Bishop,
and with'the grip containing dust amount
ing to $40,000 in value, grasped firmly in his
hands jumped from the sinking steamer to
the boat close by. Failing to reach the
boat he went down, together with his
treasure, to rise no more. "... '"%
the lifeboat he was afraid to throw his
satchel of gold down from the deck into
the boat before steadying down into a
place, for fear that the weight of the gold
would stave a nole through the bottom of
the lifeboat and thus cause the loss of the
lives of those in the boat, as veil as his
own chances ->( safety. He concluded to
abandon his gold, and dropping the satch
eLon the deck he slid down Into the water
and was hau'.e.l to the boat, thankful to
have his life saved though he lost his
treasure.
Continued From Page One.
In the letter Anthony Fiala, th«» pho
tographer with the expedition, describes
the landing at Archangel, where the dogs
¦were shipped and from which port the
real voyag? of the polar trip began. The
members of the Darty were given a ban
quet, after which the America sailed for
the north. According to the writer, every
one at that time was well and in good
spirits.
The Members of the Polar Exploring
Party Are Well and Feeling jn* ""
Good Spirits.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.-A letter from a
member of the Baldwin expedition has
li^en received here. It was written on
board the America July 23. and was mai!
rri at Yardo. having been sent hack bythe
pilot when the ship was on her way to
Franz Josef Land.
BALDWIN EXPEDITION
SAILS FEOM ARCHANGEL
FRESNO. Aug. 19. — The strike of the
women and girls . in the seeded raisin
packing houses was ended this morning;
the combine acceding to the demand to
restore the wages of last season. More
over, all male and female handlers of rai
sins have as a result of the strike joined
the union affiliated with the local Feder
ated Trades Council.
Girls Win Their Strike.
NEW YORK. Aus. 19.-No definite date
h?s yet been fixpd lor the wedding of
Mi*s UOy Oelrichs and Peter Martin of
San Francisco, although it is understood
ihst it Tvill take place gome tim? in the
fall. It will be a town wedding, after the
«=oci«=ty people have returned to New York
from thp seaside resorts. It was at first
arranp<=-d that the ceremony should take
place at Newport, where Miss Oolrichs is
f>t present, with her family, and it was
p^nerally understood that the marriage
would be ce>brat«=d August 14. but the
date was postponed. A dispatch received
to-day fayp that the date has not yet
b^en definitely d^ided upon. Archbishop
*"orripan ¦Rill pronably officiate. Mrs.
Martin Trill vipit Mrs. Belmont at the
time of the veddin?:
H?s Been Postponed Until Society
Beturns to New York From the
Seaside Resorts.
KAB.TIN WEDDING WELL
TAKE PLACE IN THE FAIX
DEATHS AMONG TEOOPS
IN THE PHTLIPPIN£S
General Chaffee Sends a List of Cas
ualties Among 1 Men in His
Command.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19.— General Chaf
fee has reported the following deaths in
the army in the Philippines under date of
July 12:
Dysentery — James Mltohell. Twenty-fifth In-
£ nt . r5 U.. Geori?e Gan(J y. Twenty-fifth Infantry:
Carl Flick, first sergeant. Thirty-sixth Com
pany. Coast Artillery; Frank Cypukertis.
Twelfth Infantry: Curtis J. ChappeU. Sixth In
fantry: Edwin H. Bartlett. Eighteenth In
fantry.
Drowned, bodies recovered— Osmond M.
Whltmore, First Infantry: Harry D. Geffa.
Twentieth Infantry; George Osborne, Twen
tieth Infantry.
Drowned, body not recovered — Charles T. JJ11
ler. first sergeant. First Infantry.
Typhoid fever— Louis Huker. cook. Fifteenth
Infantry; James C. Boyd. Thirteenth Infantry.
Variola — Paul K. Blllman, Fourth Cavalry:
Gordon R. Owens. Twenty-sixth Infantry. '
Malarial fever— Harry G. Kramer. Thirteenth
Infantry; Harry Shaw, corporal. Sixteenth In.
fantry-
Tuberculosis — Martin JIacy. Second Infantry-
Bubonic plagrue — John Ryor. cook. Fourth In
fantry; John Posey. Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Pneumonia— William H. Miller, musician.
Twenty-third Infantry.
Empyma— Charles Strouther, Forty-ninth In
fantry.
SURVIVOR OF THE ISLANDER CATASTROPHE
DECLARES THE PILOT WAS INTOXICATED
grand outside sentinel, Korbert Schneider:
grand directors, E. R. MjJ-ick. E. J. Dollard,
J J. O'Toole Rev. J. W. Sullivan. L. W.
Mahoney, T. E. -Collins. A. D. McKlnnon,
James D 'Whalen: spiritual directors, John
Rllcy. F. J. Driscoll.
Committees Appointed.
Mayor J. r>. Phelan dellv-fred an ad
dress of welcome, which was responded to
by Supreme President Kierce. who alluded
to the fact that the order established
throughout, the United States now v > ex
tends to the Philippines, a council having
been recently instituted at Manila.
Grand President L. K. Mahan then 1 as
sumed his station and appointed the fol
lowing committees:
Credentials— T. R. Curtis. Thomas Burke, E.
A. AzReler, L. F. Guidet. J. L. Cassidy.
Finance— J. J. McCarthy. J. H. Ford. T. E.
Collins. J. B. Queen and Hon. N. Boden.
Press— T. A. Cody, SI. V. Harrington and
J. L. Considinc.
Mllease-^v.". T. Ag^elrr. J. F. Kenny, F.
A. Griffin and John Lynch.
A special committee, consisting of the
Ttev. Father Sullivan. A. F. St. Sure and
P. J. McGarry, wa3 appointed to prepare
resolutions of ¦ respect to the memory of
the, late Stephen M. White.
The grand president presented his re
port, which was passed over to the com
mittee on the state of the Institute. This
shows that the grand president during the
year paid an official visit to each council,
and that the order is in good condition
financially and numerically.
A letter of greeting was sent to Arch
bishop Riordan and t«egrams of a like
character to his Eminence Sebastiano
Msrtinelli. Washington. D. C: Archbishop
John Ireland. St.^ Paul; Bishop Thomas
Grace, Sacramento, and Bishop George
Montgomery. Los Angeles.
The council rose at -4:50 o'clock, to meet
again this morning.
Reception in Evening.
Tn the evening the grand officers and the
delegates were tendered a. reception in the
Native Sons' assembly hall by the local
branches of the Young Ladies' Institute.
The hall was tastefully decorated in pale
blue and whit? spangled with stars, and
over the stage were the words, '•Welcome
Y. M. I. by the Y. L. I."
The function was an evening dress af
fair and many of the ladies wore elegant
"gowns, particularly Grand President An
nie M. Potthoff. who wore a white or
¦ gandie. and Grand First Vice President
May Stein, who was attired in a most
elaborate cream liberty satin gown.
After the formal introduction of the
grand officers to each other the orchestra
intoned a march, and then came the cere
monial procession, numbering more than
200 couples, led by Grand President I*. E.
Mahan and Grand Presided Annie M.
Potthoff. followed by John F. Comyns and
Grand First Vice President May Stein.
The function, which was one of the most
delightful one3 ever given under the
auspices of the Ladies' Institute, was un
der the direction of the following com
mittees:
¦Arrangements — Annie K. Xeyhan, Catherine
I>ayton. Ella M. Comyns. Josephine Shea, Mrs.
S. Flaherty, Mary Leahy, Belle Boyle, - Mrs.
N'. Keating and Mrs. E. Moore.
Reception— Mrs. M. Peacock. Annie Gill. Mrs.
A. Mullln. Katie Buckloy. Mary Curley. Mrs.
C. Fell. ITelen K. Winters, Florence Dempsey
and Mrs. L.. O'Donnell. ?.
Floor— Edward J. Sweeney, director: Thomas
¦ Moroney. D. E. Harden. John F. Comyns. J.
IT. Driscoll. Rnhert Steele. William Greany.
Al Hennessey. Philip T^a-wlor. Jere Looney.
Thomas F. Xoonan, Robert Flunkctt and John
P. Donovan.
Part in-and president?, J. J. McDadc, M. VT.
Fleming^ J. F. Sullivan. . James F. Smith. C.
P Rendon. F. J. Mura«ky. P. J. Kierce. John
Lynch, James Gallagher. Samuel Haskins. A.
F St Sur»: grand chaplain. Uev. M. D. Slat
tf'rv'-'crsnd president. I*. K. Mahan: Kranrt
first vice president. D. 3. O^l^ary: grand sec
ond vi«*e resident. J. W. Sharp: grand peere
tary. George A. Stanley: grand treasurer.
William T. ARfrelrr: grand marshal. T. J.
Horan; grand inside eentinel, D. T. Powers;
The sermon, by the Rev. Father C. A.
Ramm. was an eloquent tribute to the. in
stitute and the grand work in which it
has been engaged since itr, organization.
At the conclusion of the cathedral ser
vice the grand officers and delegates
formed a group on the steps of the sacred
edifice and were photographed by Taber.
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the Grand
Institute was called to order by Supreme
President F. J. Kierce in the absence of
the Rev. Father C. E. O'Neill, the district
deputv. The following named grand of
ficers and th-> delegates whose names
have already been published answered to
roll call:
The grand officers and delegates from
the various councils of the jurisdiction,
together with many of the members of the
local councils, were in attendance when
solemn high mass was celebrated by the
Rev. Father E. P. Dempsey, who was as
sisted by the Rev. Father J. B. Hannigan
as deacon and the Rev. Father J. W. Sul
livan as sub-deacon. Right Rev. J./J.
Prendergast was master of ceremonies.
THE seventeenth Grand Council ses
sion of the Young Me.n's-Institute
began yesterday in headquarters
In the Pioneer building. There
was the usual service at St.
Mary's Cathedral prior to the opening.
PRESIDENT ANNOUNCES
ADDITIONAL AFPOrNTHE2TTS
Names Thomas B. Morten Collector cf
Internal Revenue for District
of Alabama.
WASHIXOTOX. Aug. 13. -The President to
day made the following appointments:
War— Colonel Artillery Corps. John R
Myrick.
Lieutenant colonel. Artillery Corps— •William
Ennis, Abner II. Merrill.
Major, Artillery Corps— Thomas R. Adams
John A. Lundeen. William E. Blrkheimqr.
Arthur Murray. Henry I. Harris. TV
First lieutenant. Artillery Corps-Games A
Ruggrlea, Charles H. Hilton Jr.. Terence v-
Murphy. Georpe O. Hnbbard. John G. Living
stone. Henry T. Matthews. Henry H. She«r>
Ernest A. Oroenougb. Joseph S. Hardin. Svt
vanus G. Orr, Lanier Cravens, Edward HP!
Ja i n^ s £• , Faun « e TOy. Harry W. Newton. Richl
ard T. Ellis and Prank S. Lontr.
Second lieutenant. Artillery Corps — Allen I>^
Fort, Frederick B. Hennessey, Robert S. Welsh.
John J. Lipopp.
Second lieutenapt. infantry— Henry H. Hall
Harry W. Bathiaoy. Thomas T. Duke. Harry
D. Blasland. George McGregor. Frank H. Pratt.
First lieutenant, cavalry— William M Con
nell, George W. Winter.
Second lieutenant. cavalry-Herbert Mann.
Assistant surgeon, volunteers, rank of cap
tain—Luther S. Harvey.
Na-vy— Howajrd Gage and "William I*. Burdiek
lieutenant commanders; Percy Herbert boat
swain. *
Treasury— Thomas B. Morton. Collector of
Internal Revenue for District of Alabama.
"All that Tighe told me was printed in
the papers last week, and there was noth
ing aside from this. The Chicago mill men
xvho remained at work are now no longer
members of tiie organization. Thev are
rot entitled to a trial and will have 'none.
They are at liberty to act as they see fit
now. b'jt if they go out they will do so
on their own responsibility. "We will do
nothing about the matter from this time.
On the whole, the strike is going on very
we!!. We are petting out more men every
f!ay and will continue to do so. The fight
Is hflr-ily bpgun yet. There will be plenty
of trouble for vhe tru.-t before long if they
k*ep on in their present course. There
has been ro effort on any one's part to
ward pftaee, anj ther** will be none on our
part again. A>- to the situation in Du
r\v.e?n». all tfiat I can say is that there
has been no strike ordered in that mill.
I Paid lspt week that ¦when tve were ready
that mill would be attended to."
Assistant Secretary M. F. Tighe re
turned from the West to-day and was
r-ios^ted for several hours with President
fchaffer. He was given a very enthusi
astic reception by his associates, and re
turns a stronger figure in the organization
ihan -when he departed. Discussing his
report Shaffer said:
The greatest fight in this district is for
mastery at the Duquesne mills of the Car
regie company. Both sides are working
secretly, the Amalgamated Association to
rxtend its organization and strength
smong the workers, and the steel com
pany to block any plan to get the men
rut. Neither side has shown its strength
yet. and it is impossible to get any line
on the ultimate result. The claims pre
viously made on either side are conflict
ing. The Amalgamated organizers assert
that they have secured a strong position
Jri the property and that when the word
If given it will bo shut down. The man
cgers of the mills admit that the strikers
hav©- some friends in the mills, but ex
pres-s absolute confidence In their ability
•to keep the entire plant in operation. Coal
and iron police carefully gruard the prop
erty, admitting none except emploves. and
they ir. turn are watched by secret pickets
cf the strikers.
riTTSBURG. Aug. 19.- The United
Ftates Steel Corporation made a series of
pains to«<I£y in the restoration of proper
ties crippled by the strike of the Amalga
mated Association and its sympathizers.
The steel mills at Monessen after a long
period of Inactivity were partly put in
motion by strike-breakers gathered in
fome of the Southern States; two more
mills in the Pamter plant were also start
ed up, and another large mill at the Clark
property was operated for the first time.
There was some disorder in the streets of
Moncssen during the day, but the local
police never lost control of the demon
strative crowds, and there was no serious
trouble. The reopening of the Monessen
r-ill is believed to be the first of a series
<^f aggressive moves on the part of the
steel corporation. Preparations are known
to be in progress for reopening the Star
tin mills in this city and for increasing
the force at the Lindsay & McCutcheon
mills. It is thought to be only a matter of
time before the strongholds of the strik
ers, like Newcastle. McKeesport, "Wheel
ing, Bellaire and Mingo Junction, will be
Invaded. The .strikers deny that any real
progress has been made at either Mones
fen or Painter's, and say that they are
not to be frightened Jby the burning of a
lot of coal and the mere operation of ma
chinery. They say that skilled men can
nct be secured outside of their ranks and
that none of their men are deserting, de
spite claims to the contrary. The man
egers of the Painter mills claim that part
of their two new crews is made up of old
rmploves who have come back to work.
At the Clark mill, where the ten-inch mill
was started for the first time to-day and
where everything except a small eight
inch mill is now being operated. It is said
that more skilled men are offering their
services than can be accommodated. Fifty
more were taken on there to-day, bring
ing the total force up to 600. It was
claimed that there were 200 men at work
la the Painter mills and that fifty of them
were skilled.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Aug. 19.— One of
the newest confidence games heard of by
the police for many a day was exposed
when J. Lopez Delara. a Spaniard, was
placed behind the bars at police head
quarters. The game failed in Kansas
City but it appears that it worked in San
Diego and San Francisco. Delara came
to Kansas City several months ago with
letters of recommendation from persons
of note in Mexico, which enabled him to
obtain a position as special instructor in
Spanish at the Central Business College.
He professed to be something of a the
osophist, and in this way met several the
osophists, among them Hubert S. Turner.
Shortly after becoming acquainted witn
Turner the Spaniard told him of a schema
whereby he said it was possible to maka
a very large amount of money. In 1896. ho
said, thouaards of cattle had been killed
in Cuba by the Spaniards. He had been a
major in the Spanish army and was onn
of a very few who knew what had be
come of the hides of these animals. All
or the hides, he declared, had been tanned
and then buried in secret places so that
after the war should be over the Span
iards would be able to recover them. Tur
ner was almost persuaded to invest in a
scheme to recover the hides but conclud
ed first to write Knoche. the head of th»
universal Brotherhood in San Diego giv
ing- an outline of the tbeosophisfs schema
and a good description of the Spaniard.
In a few days he received a telegram
from Knocne which said that beyond a,
doubt Delara was the same man who un
der the name of Juan Martn had robbed
of members of the Washington
AIlen Grlfflth s was communicated
with and at once telegraphed Turner:
Beware of the Spaniard with the Cuban
proposition Both are frauds. Await my
letter. When it came it told how Grit
funs had been lured as far as New York
on the buried hides scheme. There r>e-
! a L a .f,Ji as ..^. a 25 lost hlm - Bfter borrow
ing $100 of Griffiths. To-day Delara was
arrested. If the California authorities do
not want him he will be prosecuted for
the attempt to swindle Turner.
The Plants Being Operated
Are Closely Guarded
by Police.
Lures a San Franciscan to
New York and Then
Fleeces Him.
Soeel Corporation Aided
by Imported Strike
Breakers.
Arrested at Kansas City
for Working New Con
fidence Game.
Seventeenth Grand Session Begins With Address of Welcome, After Which President L E. Mahan
Names Working Committees fndfPresents His Reporty Which Shoves Organization Is Prosper
ous^-Reception to Officers and Delegates by Local Branches of Young Ladies' Institute
SEVERAL MILLS
PUT IN OPERATION
CLEVER RASCAL
COMES TO GRIEF
AFTER SOLEMN HIGH MASS AT CATHEDRAL
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE COUNCIL OPENS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1901.
3
State of the. Institute— Thomas W. Kelly F
A. Meyer. .1. B. Curtis, Rev. T. J. Driscoll
and N. Powers.
Laws and Supervision— J. .T. O'Toole. E. R.
Myrlok. E. .T. Doliard Rev. J. - W. Sullivan
and J. D. Whalen.
DELEGATES TO GRAN'D COUN
CIL AND MAN WHO MAY BE
GRAND PRESIDENT. ' ';
Million of little glands or tubes connect the blood with the skin, and through
these small drain pipes perspiration passes out, carmng with it the impurities that
are thrown off by &e block Should the pores of the skmbe «t!refy dosedj or
evena brief space of time, and tBe poisonous matter forced back into the circula-
tion instant death would result. In addition to the sweat glands, the skin is
provided with certain others which pour out upon it an oily substance, keeping
hie skin pliable and soft and protecting it from heat and cold The Mood and £kui
are so closely related that whatever affects one seriously interferes with the func-
tions of the other. Not only health, but life itself, depends upon perfect harmony
between the blood and skin. When, therefore, the - # -.— -»f san H
blood becomes poisoned from any cause, it quickly # ff tCMai MMMU
manifests itself upon the skin in the form _ _ g
of sores and ulcers, pimples and various tXtBrnai rOMSUna
eruptive diseases. By the character of the I . . ' w-«- *- «,- -Mood ' '
sore we are enabled to determine the nature of the poison or humor in the blood,
as every disease originating in the blood has its own peculiar sore or punpie. me
skin is not only affected by the poisons generated in the system, but poisons from
without enter through the' open ,*land/or pores and quickly P^^^J^
Mercury rubbed upon the skiiwffl produce Rheumatism, and Poison Oak and Ivy
and other wild plants gain easy access to the blood through the skin. As so^alled
- .;¦ •>?•/.? skin diseases originate in the blood, the application
:#»«#• a Blood- .<* ¦p-*»aft£KJ3 > € £ ££S£g%
Soft, Healthy Skin 1 %fe l 3X>?%'s£2£?£2
of the skin. .-The treatment must begin with the blood, and the acid or other pois-
ons antidoted of neutralized. S. S. S. does this and purifies the circulation, builds
up the blood and flushes the little glands or pores with pure, ?£W blood and
restores healthy action to the skin. The use of cosmetics never yet brought health
and beauty to a rough, red, pimply, skin or sallow complexionr<Wha to is needed
is rich, pure blood, such as S. S. S. makes. It not only relieves you of all disfigur-
ing blackheads, blotchesandirritating.ttchingeruptions, 0^?^
hellth. S.-S. S. contains no mercuiy, potasl, arsenic or other mineral, but is a
purelyvegetable remedy and the Safest and best in all blood and skui trouble^
Write our physicians : for advice or information ; they have made < a study rfbW
and skin diseases, and you can have the b^t medical advice without cos^ Book on
Blood and Skin Diseases free. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA.VANCOUVER, : B. . C... Aug. 19.— The
;eamer Farallon arrived here : this after-
The water often puts the "carte before
the donkey.
NANAIMO: B. C.VAug. 19.-James Hil
bert. and "William" Sabiston of this {city,
whose names are not included in the; list
of survivors, are reported to have been on
the Islander.. ; - -
May Be Among Victims.
SURVIVORS ON
THE FARALLON
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. W.-Purser
Bishop arriving on the Farallon," brought
the following official list of the passengers
saved: " , • .^ v
R. Longmo, Seattle ; H. R: McBeth, Port
land; A. L. Doyle, St. Louis ; R. . J. March,
Seattle; A. Foseer, Vancouver; G. W. ' Doyle,
Seattle; F. Dediosh; Seattle; H. Roal, Seattle;
It. M.. Wright, Seattle; Preston and bride,
OFFICIAL LIST
OF SURVIVORS
This is the recent decision of one of the
prominent societies of the world, but Hie ex
act day has- not yet been fixed" upon, and
while there are very few people who believe
this oredictlon, there are thousands of othera
who not only believe, but know that Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters is the best medicine to
cure dyspepsia, indigestion, constipation, bil
iousness or liver and kidney trouble. A fair
trial will certainly convince you of Us value.
World to End This Year.
HOLLISTER, Aug. 19.— Juan Gonzales
and Joseph Cota, convicted of the murder
of Antonio Ruiz, were sentenced in the
Superior Court to-day to be, hanged on
November 1. -
Slayers of Ruiz Will Sang.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— Jack O'Brien, the
Philadelphia pugilist, knocked out Dido
Plumb of London in the sixth round of
a fifteen-round contest at Newcastle last
night, winning the 154-pound championship
and £630.
Jack O'BrieTi Again "Wins.
SEATTLE, Aug. 19.— L. S."Robe, one of
the passengers on the Islander, returns
with one .of the most intelligent accounts
of the terrible disaster. "While he .would
not consent to be quoted on this branch
of the subject, his demeanor unmistak
ably indicates that he believes the offi
cers of the Islander were derelict in their
duty. Indeed, the charge is being more
or less freely made by the survivors that
officers of the Islander had been drinking
heavily. The vessel, too, had not aboard
the marine law requirement in the quan
tity and character of life-saving equip
ment. It is also remarked that, In view
of the statements that a dense fog pre
vailed, the vessel was running at full
speed. 'Robe said:
"It is known that an hour before the
departure of the Islander 107 tickets had
been sold. This did not include children in
arms. Including the crew, there were in
all 181 persons on board. There are 113
survivors, making sixty-eight people lost.
The vessel struck at 2:15 a. m., ten miles
north of Juneau, off Douglass Island,
and opposite the entrance to Taku Inlet,
whence the treacherous ice came. She
was then making 104 revolutions to the
minute, little short. of fifteen knots per
hour. "When she struck I looked out of
my cabin window, but it was densely
dark. When I came on deck I sought a
responsible officer, but none was in sight.
I passed to the forward part of the ves
sel, where I found crowds of passengers,
but no officers. •¦
"On the hurricane deck I found Captain
Foote in the stateroom back of the pilot
house. He made no reply to my inquiry
what was the matter. One boat was al
ready in the sea with but seven occu
pants, many crying from the vessel for it
to come back. Four men with myself se
cured a life raft. By this time I stood in
two feet of water, the ship sinking rapid
ly.: When the ship exploded, which, I
think, was due to compressed air, the
whole upper part of the vessel seemed- to
rise. We were an hour on the raft, which
was ¦ leaky and unsafe, overturning ' sev
eraltimes. We were finally picked up by
a boat which made shore and returned to
rescue others. The tug Flossie came from
Treadwell and- delivered us at Juneau."
W. G. Preston and wife, who were in
the first dispatches yesterday reported
drowned, were the last to leave the ship.
"When seen to-night Preston said;
"The officers of the ship handled the
situation in: an extremely incompetent
manner. No warning was - given to the
passengers in their staterooms and . after
they had come on deck of their own ac
cord they were assured that there was no
danger. This, the fact
that the ship sank within twenty min
utes. I A notable exception to the conduct
of the majority of the officers was that
of First : Officer Neroutsos. He was on
deck and gave able assistance to the pas
sengers." _ '-¦
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 19.— Lemuel A. Wy
man applied on Saturday for a license to
marry Bertha Sweet, both being from
Watsonville. As Wyman was but 19 years
of age and the girl 18 the license was re
fused Wyman and Miss Sweet started
off on wheels for Oakland. To-day the
girl's father notified the officers that it
was a case of elopement. \
Watsonville Couple Elopes.
BEAR OUT TALE
OF DRUNKENNESS
One of the best known of thos,e who met
theif doom was Dr. John Duncan of Vic
toria, who was Just ' completing a trip, to
Dawson, where he had -gone on a com
bined business and pleasure expedition.
His brother, Dr. George Duncan, has been
in Dawson some time and the trip was
undertaken partly for the purpose of vis
iting him. Another brother, Rev. W. 1^.
Duncan, resides at Sault Ste. Marie, Ont.
According to the stories told by some
of the passengers the proportion of women
saved was' small. "When the survivors
were brought ashore some ; of 'them ; were
so numb and disheartened and had so lit
tle life left in them that they begged to
be left alone or to, their death.* ¦¦¦
The case of Mrs. Ross is a peculiarly
sad one. She left, Victoria a short time
ago to jbln her husband, who was recent
ly appointed Governor of .the Yukon Ter
ritory. Only a few days ago she left her
parents in this city, Mr. and Mrs. John
Mackay, with whom she had been visiting
for a few months, to take up her residence
in the . Yukon Territory, and a letter re
ceived a few days ago told of her plans
for the future. It was for the purpose
of carrying out these plans that she was
on her way to Victoria, it being her.in
tention to purchase furniture and furnish
ings for the new home of the Governor.
She left five of her children in Dawson,
but brought the youngest, an infant, with
her, together with a niece, the daughter
of her brother living in Dawson.
chief engineer landed and . walked to the
mines. He told his story to the-manager,
who immediately dispatched two small
steamers to the scene. -
I By the time he had returned, the chief
said, the little steamer Flossie had al
ready loaded up with the bodies of the
dead and with this grewsome cargo was
about to start for Juneau. He boarded
the steamer and arrived safely at the
Alaskan town.-
N. A. Belcourt, M. P., and G. C. Ray of
Ottawa were traveling companions on a
trip to Dawson. Mr. Belcourt said, the
steamer was running at full speed and
while possibly no fog had been encoun
tered up to or immediately preceding the
collision a dense fog' prevailed when the
accident occurred. At first' Mr. Belcourt
did not think anything very serious had
occurred and as the boat appeared to be
keeping on its way he thought of again
retiring to bed, from which he had arisen
when the shock was felt. Presently he
heard a commotion among the passengers
and felt a bumping motion of the steamer.
On trying to open his stateroom door he
was unable to do so. Mr. Ray tried" and
was also unsuccessful. The concussion
had evidently jammed the framework of
the cabin, whlc-h caught the doors like! a
vise. Mr. Belcourt and Mr. Ray got out
of the window. The former returned to
procure a life preserver, but failing to
find one immediately got out again, and,,
getting up on the railing of the steamer,
jumped to a boat that he saw below. He
was about the last man to leave the
steamer and not more than. a few min
utes elapsed from the time he got out of
his cabin first until he made his leap in
the dark. Fortunately he alighted on the
shoulders of one of the passengers In the
last boat to leave the steamer. Messrs.
Belcourt and Ray were in the small boat
one hour and a half before reaching
shore, which was, however, not more than
a mile away, but owing to the fog could
not be made out.
Continued From Page Three.
Survivors on the Queen say the shock
was so severe that many were thrown
from their berths and wild , excitement
prevailed. ."Word was soon passed that the
vessel was doomed and a general scramble
ror the lifeboats ensued, many jumping
overboard and attempting to swim to the
shore, the distance being short. In the
scramble to get into the boats many were
hurled headlong into the chilly water,
wnlcn, according to passengers arriving
from the scene, seemed alive .with human
beings. Before all the passengers had left
the vessel she gave a lunge and went
down, bow first. It is known that sixty
seven lives were lost. It will be some
time before, the names of all. can be
definitely learned, as the purser lost his
passenger list.
The death of Captain Foote was very
pathetic. He remained on the bridge until
the steamer was foundering. When the
vessel commenced to sink and it was seen
that no earthly, expedient could avail, the
captain is said to have jumped upon the
life raft which was already taxed for ac
commodation. . Realizing that his weight
would work havoc there he exclaimed:
I see there are too many here, so good
bv, boys,' ., and swam away. He was
shortly afterward seen to sink.
. On Sunday evening a concert was given
on the steamer Queen for ¦ the wreck
sufferers and-$333 was ' raised, which was
given into the care of "United States Con
sul A'. J. Smith , of Victoria, who was a
passenger on: the Queen.
PORT TOWNSEND. Aug. 19-The
steamer Queen has just arrived from the
north bringing .additional particulars of
the wrecking of the steamer Islander. The
Islander sailed from Skagway on August
14. When nearing the southwest end of
Douglass Island at 2 a. m. on August 15
and running at full speed, she struck the
floating iceberg and in less than twenty
minutes went to the bottom of the deep
channel. The Islander had 108 passengers
and all of them .were In bed when the ship
struck. ' ¦
CAPTAIN MEETS
A HERO'S DEATH
?,? , ' H- M - Morrison. Vancouver; L. F.
Markwe 1. Seattle; Dr. Phillips. Seattle (wife
and child drowned); S. Jamieson, Vancouver*
M. Coughley Seattle; S. Appleburn, Victoria
w P lg | on : f Vancouver; A. Pigeon. Vancouver
W. S. Smith Vancouver: T. D. Yennen. Seat
tle; E. H. Walter. -Vancouver; C. H. Sharman,
Vancouver; J. K. Cotter, Vancouver- W \V
Powe m,_ Varcouver; John McFarland, Vancou
ver; Thornae Knowles. Victoria: II. Hart Se
attle; J. H. Snodgrrass. Seattle; H. Brigham
Seattle; L. G. Stevens, Seattle; R. Wilkinso™'
Vancouver: A. Pluth. Seattle; O. F. Brown'
Seattle; R Ross, Seattle (wife drowned/;
h w V"^ ancou S er: Rl Brlssai *. Vancouver
H. W. Anderson, Seattle; T. Castlebery, Seat-
\ le: T, A t \, Kel * 1 J 1 * Seattle; V. Koki. Seattle" J.
L. Betham. Vancouver: Mr. and Mrs. Bowman
and boy, \ancouver; C. Doyle, Vancouver: T.
H Brown. Victoria; J. E. Bousnan. ; Seattle
M Dickey. Seattle; P. Ridgeley. Seattle; JL.
Wllcox, San Francisco: E. G. Young Van
couver; W. Nelland, Vancouver- F F Mc-
NauKhton Vancouver; J. Cockier, Seattle; Jo
seph Cockier. Seattle; Mr. and Mrs. McLaush-
Hn and child, Seattle: E. M. Dehnis, Seattle*
E. G. Condson, Seattle: C. C. Ray Ottawa-
M. A. Belcourt, Vancouver; Mrs. 'wetmore'
Tacoma; Mr. and Mrs. Zahn, Seattle; Mr and
Mrs. Edwards, Seattle; Mrs. E. Mills, Seattle
(husband drowned); Dr. McFarland, Seattle •
F. G. Hlnde-Bowker. Vancouver; J. K Mc-
Lennan. Vancouver: J. G. Morg-an. Vancouver •
J. -C. Henderson, Vancouver .(wife drowned)-
L. J. Deane, Vancom-er; George Puddicumbe
Vancouver; J. T. Snider, Vancouver: L. Gill'
Vancouver; J. Douill, Vancouver; M Green"
Vancouver; L. S. Robe. Seattle. ' '
TACOMA. Aug. 19.— Charles Berg was
shot and fatally wounded by a footpad last
night. He was on his way home and when
near the reservation was held up by two
men. who commanded him to hold up his
hands. Berg was so badly frightened that
he started to run. One of the highway
men fired, the bullet passing through the
lower part of Berg's body.
Fatally "Wounded by Footpad.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 19.— Abble Perez
was savagely attacked by a stranger on
the powder mill road a year ago. Perez
could not account for the attack, as he
had never seen the man before. To-day
the same man attacked Perez at Ben
Lomond, chasing him through a house.
Two armed men prevented the stranger
continuing the assault. Officers are after
him.
Persecuted by a Stranger.
SURVIVOR'S GRAVE CHARGE.
noon from Skaguay bringing the re
mainder of the passengers who narrowly
escaped death in the wreck of the Isl
ander. The total number of dead is placed
at forty-two, although the Farallon did
not bring: an ofnQial list of the drowned.
According to the statements of passen
gers arriving to-day very few people died
on board the steamer, but most of them
perished in the water and around the
rafts and the ship as the latter went
down. Those In the water suffered ter
ribly from exposure, among them Captain
Foote. succumbing and sinking from sheer
exhaustion. •
LONDON, Aug. 19.— Lord Kitchener, in
a dispatch from Pretoria, dated to-day,
says that a party of South African con
stabulary yesterday surprised a strong
Boer laager near Middleburg. Cape Col
ony, killing twenty-three men. The con
stabulary numbered 150 men, but. owin*
to the strength of the enemy, 600 to S00
men. they were unable to follow up their
success and during their retirement they
lost one man killed and had six men
wounded. Fourteen men are missing.
British. Raid a Laager.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— For the entertain
ment of the members and patrons of the
Reliance Club Superintendent "Walter
Fawcett has arranged an attractive box
ing programme for the tournament which
will be held Tuesday evening In the club's
gymnasium. Interest centers around the
match between "Kid" McFadden and
George Baker, who are on the card for a
fifteen-round go. The youngsters have
good records as fast and game fighters.
They are reported to be In prime condi
tion.
Other events will be a bout between
Dave Barry and Frank Nicholls. and
Louis Long of the Reliance Club and
"Brick" Howard.
in Fifteen-Round Go Is Main
Event.
"Kid" McFadden and George Baker
ONCE FAMOUS JOCKEY AND
TRAINER WHO DIED IN NE
¦ VADA.
6C0D CARD AT THE
RELIANCE CLUB NIGHT
ST. 1-OtTIP. Aug. 19. — Pittsburg won to-day's
rune by heavy hitting in the third inning.
Harper was batted out of the box. Attendance
6000. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 9 17 3
St. Louis 5 9 4
Batteries— Doheny. PhilllppI and Zimmer;
Harper. SudhoiT. Ryan> and Hayden. Umpire—
O'Day.
BOSTOX. Aug. IS. — New Tork could do noth
ing with Nichols for seven Innings, but in the
eighth and ninth some good stick work yielded
five runs. The visitors fielded in poor fash
ion. Attendance, 1000. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 11 13 *2
New Tork 6 10 5
Batteries— Nichols and Kittredge; Matthew
son and Warner. Umpire — Dwyer.
Cincinnati 2 7 2
Chicago 0 3 3
Batteries— Stimmel and Bergen; Hughes and
Kahoe. Umpire — Brown.
CrNTIXXATI, Aug. 19.— Cincinnati defeated
Chicago to-day after a lwilliant exhibition of
pitching by both Stimmel and Hughes. Not a
Chicago player reached third base. Attend
ance, 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
TVAEHINGTOX. Aug. 19.— "Washington de
feated Chicago to-day through superior batting.
Attendance. 1714. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 5 14 4
Chicago 2 ' 9 1
Batteries — Carrlck and Clarke; Patterson and
Pugden.
BOSTON; Aug. 19.— Boston defeated Milwau
kee In the thirteenth inning to-day. Dowd
came in from' third base on a passed ball in
the 6eventh Inning and tied the score. In the
6ixth. when Milwaukee had three men on
bases. Collins jumped in the air and caught
Malon^y'e fly and dropped on the base, put
ting out Gilbert, who was off the base. At
tendance, 2221. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston _ 6 11 7
Milwaukee _ 5 8 3
Batteries— Winters and Schreck; Hustlng and
Maloney.
BALTIMORE. Aug. IS.— At no game here
this year have demonstrations against the um
pire been go pronounced and Connolly needed
police protection after to-day's game closed.
Attendance, 1SS9. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore - 4 13 3
Detroit 3 6 0
Batteries— T<f ops, Bresnahan and Robinson;
Yeager and Shaw.
Eastern Ball Games.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. Aug. 19.— Windsor results:
First race, mile, selling— Porter B won.
Dynasty second. Alex Pearson third. Time,
1:42.
Second race, six furlongs— Legal Maxim won.
La Crimea second. Vela third. Time. 1:14^.
Third rafe, mile, sellinp— Topmast won. Ollle
J second. Prince Zeno third. Time. 1:42^. .
Fourth race. Fix furlongs — Ethel Wheat won.
Joe Martin second, Frellnghuysen third. Time,
1:13%.
Fifth race, seven and a half furlongs, selling
—Edna Garry won, Marion Lynch second. Lady
Curzon third. Time. 1:353.1.
Sixth race, one mile, selllns:— Tea Gown won.
Lonpfio second. Jlr. Pomeroy third. Time,
l:42«i.
RKADVILLE. Mass.. Aug. 19.— At the Grand
Circuit meet to-day the talent followed the 2:30
trot more closely than the other events. This
race was for the Blue Hill stakes of $5000.
Country Jay was the favorite and won easily
in straight heats. Results:
2:13 pace, two In three: purse. $1000 — .Tunero
won in straight heats. Time, 2:10%. 2:13. W.
H. Moody, Belle Cannon. Don Rlley, Special
Boy. Beauty Spot, Hylle T and Cuba also
started.
2:30 trot; Blue Hill Ftake. $5000 — Country Jay
won three straight heats in 2:11%, 2:13»i, 2:13Vi.
Poindextrr. Kosy, Iva Dee. George Smith,
Sonata. Miss McDonald and The Kins also
started.
2:16 pace, two in three— Shorty won two
straight heats in 2:12',4. 2:12^. Ellis. The Judge.
Frank Yokum. Agnes Lemay and Midget also
started. ' . - *
2:25 class, trot; purse. $1000— (Unfinished)—
Albert A D won the third and fourth heats
in 2:1414. 2:15%. Bingen won the second heat in
2:14%. Marque won the first heat in 2:16%.
Easter. Lauretta, Sonata. John Hooper. Captain
Haff, Senator Mills. Xanita, Baroness and
Leonora also started.
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— Hawthorne results: *
First race, seven furlongs— A rgregor won,
Silurian second, Denman Thompson third.
Time. 1:35.
Second race, mile and three-eighths — Her
mencia ¦won, Tammany Chief second. Little
Elkin third. Time, 2:31.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Cap
tain Conover won. Chancery second Dick Fur
ber third. Time. 3:09%.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs. Test
stakes — Ed Austin won. .Taubert second. South
Trimble third. Time. 1:12%.
Fifth race, six ; furlongs, selling— Boney Boy
won. Max Bendix second. Maggie Davis third.
Time. 1:19.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Santa Teresa won,.
Approved second, Mabel Winn third. Time
1:06%. .
Seventh race, mile, selling — Espionage won,
Sam I>azarus. Esq.. second, Henry of Fransta
mar third. Time. l:48Vi.
FT. LOUIS, Aug. 19.— Delmar results:
First race, four and a half furlongs— Aleda
won. Called Back second. Dr. Love joy third.
Time, :57.
Second race, four and a half furlongs— Halmls
won. Ben Hempstead second. Lady Clark third.
Time, :56'^
Third race, one mile and twenty yards-
Pirate's Daughter won. Sadie Levy second.
Eleven Bells third. Time. 1:45.
Fourth race, one mlie — Monograph won,
won. Lunar second. Menace third. Time
l:4Uj.
Fifth. race. se\-en furlongs — Meddlesome won,
Uterp second. Revoke third. Time. 1:27%.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Verify won. Nearest
second. Harel Hughlett third. Time, 1:14%.
; SARATOGA. N. T., Aug. 19.-Results:
First race, six furlongs — Endurance by Right
won. Tribes Hill second. Gunfire third. Time,
1:14 1-5.
Second race, seven furlongs— Bold Knight
won, ¦ Cherries second, Guesswork third. Time,
1:27 4-5.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth, the-
Mohawk selling stakes — Colonel Padden won,
Malster second. Lone Fisherman third. Time,
1:47 4-5.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Torch
light won. Royal Sue second,. Happy third.
Time. 1:08 4-5. •
Fifth race, one mile and a quarter, handicap
—Decanter won, Latson second, Kamara third.
Time, 2:06.
BUTTE. Mont.. Aug. 19.— Resulte:
First race, five furlongs— Favorite won,
Louise Chapman . second, Glenmore „ third.
Time. l:03& I
Second race, five furlongs— Tufts won, Arline
B second. Addle third. Time. l:02'4.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Dever
eaux won, Ned Dennis second, Lucy White
third. Time, 1:08%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Foul Play won,
VIrgle d'Or second, George H.'Ketchum third.
Time. 1:15%.
Fifth race, four furlongs— Lady Contrary
won. Hattie Perkins second, Aurora B third.
Time. :48%.
Sixth race, one ¦ mile — Cousin Letty won,
Mont Eagle second, Charles Le Bel third.
Time. 1:45.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 19.-Klnloch Park results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Matin
Bell won, April second, Ashbrooke third. Time,
1:09%.
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing—Albert F. Dewey won, Monos second.
Grand Scepter third. Time. 1:48%.
Third race, plx furlongs — Hi Nocker won.
Likeness second, Sarllla third. Time, 1:18. '
Fourth race, " elx furlongs, selling— Fireside
won, Fleuron second. Hunting third. Time.
1:16.-
Fifth race, seven ¦ furlongs— Tony Lepplng
won. Dal Keith second, Casava third. Time,
1:2814. - :
FORT ERIE, Aug. 19.— Summary:
First race, seven furlongs — Flanuer won. Free
Lance second, Corlalls third. Time, 1:28.
Second race, eix furlongs— Cousine won*
Latch String second, Abbey Dell third. Time
1:15*4. - ' *v"
Third race, six furlongs — Benckart won, Mag
gie W. eecond. Competitor third. . Time, 1:14%.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth— All
Saints won. Radford second. The Golden Prince
third. Time. 1:47. i
Fifth race, five furlongs — Lac ! won. Mowich
second. Easy Street third. Time, 1:01%. . :
Sixth race, six furlongs— Gotemba-won. Lake
view Belle second. Icon third. Time, 1:15)4.
HORSES THAT CROSSED
WIBE IN FIRST PLACE
thirty-three years ago. but was reared
and educated in Carson City. He was
married to a daughter of Dan Dennison,
a well-known horseman. He leaves a
father. Michael Kelly, and four sisters-
Mrs., W. H., Cowan and Mrs. Thomas-Don
ahue of Carson City and Mrs. George
Howes and Mrs. Peter Grennan of this
city,
Tlie remains will be brought to this city
and buried in Holy Cross Cemetery. The
arrangements for the funeral will be made
as soon ;\tr his relatives in Nevada arrive
nICHAEL J. KELLY,- in . his
prime one of the most success
ful Jockeys on the Pacific Coast,
died on Sunday night at the
home of his sister, near Carson.
City, from the effects of an operation per
formed some three months ago. He wasi
sent to the dry air of Nevada in the
hope that he would recuperate, but al
though every attention was given him. he
slowly passed away.
Kelly first came Into prominence as a
jockey in 1884. He had been around the
stables for many years before as exer
cise boy. He then entered the service of
Porter Ashe and became the jockey that
piloted the famous mare Geraldine to
many a well earned victory. As increas
ing years brought added weight he was
! forced to retire from the" saddle and be
come a trainer. Geraldine and other
horses of the Ashe stable were under his
care for a number of years and were well
taken care of.
Then came a split with the Ashe broth
ers and Kelly obtained possession of Ger
aldine, then stabled at the Bay District
track. He sold the handsome mare to
Thomas H. Williams" Jr.. but before the
delivery -had been made the Ashe broth
ers broke into the stable one night and
carried the mare off to their ranch at
Fresno. After considerable litigation and.
several changes of ownership, the marc
passed into the hands of A. B. Spreck
els, who was her owner when the mare
died about a year and a half ago.
After leaving Ashe's employ in 1893
! Kelly trained for the stable of Thomas
H. Williams Jr. His next engagement
was with John Humphreys, the book
maker, in whose employ he ,was for about
a year. His last employment was i with
Burns & Waterhouse, in whose ¦ employ
he was up to the time that a series of
operations unfitted him for active work.
The last operation was performed thren
months ago. but its effects weakened him
beyond recovery.
. Kelly was born in Grass Valley about
The second wedding took place as
scheduled and no one there save McWil
liams. who acted as best man for the sec
ond time, and Jackson, who was again
Dresent. this time as a mere spectator,
knew that the young couple had been hus
band and wife for more than a year.
• Time sped along and Mrs. Houseworth,
keeping up her studies, graduated at last.
Then Houseworth, going boldly to her
father, demanded her hand in marriage.
Mr. Kirk had no objection and the wed
ding day was set for July 17 last, the
ceremony to take place in Sacramento.
It took some time to get the young lady
to agree to this plan. But. Love's logic is
irrisistible. and after a time she con
sented. Fred J. McWilli.'ims, a gentleman
who is himself no amateur in affairs of
the heart, was called In as best man, and
with Jackson acting as bridesmaid the
deed was done on May 12. 1900. /
"Why get her to come to town, see your
old friend Judge Kerrigan and the job is
done with no one the wiser."
"How?" inquired Houseworth.
'What was he to do? Unable to work
the problem out alone, he sought advice
of his friend "Johnny" Jackson, a son of
the late Collector of the Port. Now Mr.
Jackson is a past master in affairs of the
heart. He thought deeply for a long time,
then raising his head with a toss of tri
umph exclaimed: "I have it! Get mar
ried." ¦
On the part of Houseworth the passion
was one of the tempestuous kind that will
brook of no delay. He had found the one
woman in the world to make him -happy
and ' he must ihave her.
Some two years ago Mrs. Houseworth,
as Miss Dorothy E. Kirk, was a pupil at
the State Normal School at San Jose. She
had promised her father , that she would
finish the course at that institution, and
found no difficulty in keeping her promise
until the manly form of Fred A. House
worth, assistant manager of the Penn Mu
tual Life Insurance Company, dawned
upon, and dazzled her sight. To see House
worth was »to love him; ,as for House
worth, he took one glance at Miss Kirk
and went out without a blow.
It may be stated that both Papa Kirk
and the hotel guests are somewhat mis
taken. Mr. and Mrs. Houseworth have
given both friends and relatives that
which is known, in the vernacular as the
"double cross," and instead of being bride
and groom are staid old married people,
who have seen the moon of matrimony
rise, quarter and fill many times since the
day they first promised to be everything
to each other. The story of their young
romance fs a story of two fond hearts
beating in unison and whose owners de
cided to join themselves, one to the other,
without posting the bulletins of their hap
piness on the beards for the daws to peck
at. • .
When Papa Kirk; he who is known out
side the family circle as State Superin
tendent of Education Kirk, caresses the
head of his little daughter and asks her
how she is getting along in her new life
he thinks he is probing into the heart se
crets of one whose experience of domes
ticity is limited to a few short weeks.
When young Fred A. Houseworth crooks
the mighty right that in the old days used
to crush forever the ambitions of aspir
ants for amateur heavy-weight honors
and takes young Mrs. . Houseworth in to
dinner at the Colonial the other guests of
that exclusive hostelry gaze with interest
on a couple they imagine to be bride and
groom.
Ruhlin says Fltzsimmons landed on his
jaw time and again In the memorable
fistic battle and he thought he was kicked
by a mule. He gained two falls over Fitz-
Flmmons on the paxl, the first time in
twelve minutes and a second time in four
teen minutes.
George Siler of Chicago may referee the
big fight, although if the. bout is brought
oft before the San Francisco Athletic
Club Jack Walsh will be put forth by the
club, as he Is its official referee. And if
the contest is given to the Twentieth Cen
tury Club Manager Gleason will push the
claims of Phil Wand, its official referee.
The decision also may be made to-day.
Jeffries will arrive In this city this
morning from Harbin Springs, where he
has been resting for a month with his
brother and manager.
Ruhlin yesterday -discussed his two
meetings with Fitxsimmons. The first
trme he met the freckled blacksmith in
the prize-ring and was knocked out in
six rounds. Their second meeting was on
the wrestling mat last month. This time
the Akron giant -was victor.
When the principals meet this afternoon
it Is expected that they will sign articles
to contest for the heavy-weight cham
pionship of the world and flx a date for
the contest, with the understanding that
the fight shall go to the club offering the
highest bid.
Billy Madden, who looks after Ruhlln's
Interests, said yesterday that he was not
pledged to any club. He said he was will
ing to allow Ruhlin to battle before the
club offering the best terms. He called
attention to the fact that he had on one
occasion acceded an offer made by the
Twentieth Century Club of 65 per cent of
the gate money and $500 for expenses, but
the match fell through. Whether or not
he can get such good terms at this season
of the year and during a big strike re
mains to be seen.
Gus Ruhlin of Akron and James J.
Jeffries of Los Angeles will meet at Cor
bett's saloon at 2 o'clock this afternoon
and hare a heart to heart talk. Both pu-
FiliPts will be accompanied by their man
agers, who will do the haggling while the
principals size each other up. Manager
Cleason of the Twentieth Century Club
and Manager Alec Greggains of the San
Francisco Athletic Club may be present.
Each fight promoter is anxious to have
Ruhlin and Jeffries fight under the aus
pices of his club, and although they will
not bid for the bout until the principals
agree to fight, they will watch the pro
ceedings to-day with deep interest.
Preceding the race there was a 100-yard
handicap race for members of the club.
C. G. Rodgers won the final, heat, with R.
B. Cornell second. Rodgers was given a
handicap in the first h*>at of 30 seconds
and W. Young 22 seconds. Rodgers 1 time
was 1:26. The second heat brought out F.
C. Clough. 19 seconds: C. C. Clough, 19 sec
onds, and Alex Pape and R. B. Cornell,
scratch. Cornell and Pape qualified for the
final heat. In the final heat Cornell tried
hard to overtake Rodgers, but the dis
tance was too short and he could only
come in a close second. Tixne. l:26'/4.
The officials were: Starter. George
James: judges. J. A. Geddes, Wallace Tay
lor and S. J. Pembroke: timers. Phil Wand
and A. Brown; referee, John Hammer
smith; announcer. George Hensley.
H. A. Wideman, the champion short dis
tance swimmer of America, lowered his
own record for fifty yards last night by
swimming the distance at the Olympic
Club in 28 seconds, and defeated Scott
Leary, the club's young champion, by one
fifth of a, second. The race was exceed
ingly exciting and the spectators ', were in
doubt until it was finished. Wideman was
given hearty cheers by the members, but
sympathy was shown Leary. The latter
ewam with great swiftness, but his un
familiarity with the finer points of the
game lost him the race.
I Both men sprang into the water at the
sound of a pistol shot, but Leary had
Blightly the better of the start. The con
testants used the double overhanded
stroke and they made the water foam by
their exertions. Leary splashed consider
ably and this In a measure retarded his
speed. • Wideman swam with a longer and
cleaner stroke and went through the
water like a fish. On the turn the men
were even. Wideman showed his, clever
ness at this juncture by getting a strong
impetus by pressing his feet against the
end of the tank and shot ahead 'of Leary.
The latter was unable to do likewise by
reason of his crippled leg, but he followed
swiftly in the wake of his opponent and
was only beaten by half a foot. The
timers' watches recorded 28 flat and this
record, when duly authenticated, will
stand as the American record for the dis
tance. To-morrow evening Wideman and
Leary will swim seventy-five yards and on
Friday evening will compete. in a 100-yard
contest. These races will be watched with
interest by the members of the club, who
have great faith in Leary. Many members
think that Leary could defeat Wideman
if the race was without a turn.
"The I report of. Admiral Walker was
about completed when I left and will soon
be in the hands of the department at
Washington. Of course it would not be
the proper thing for me to speak concern
ing its contents, but I can say that when
it is made public it will be found to con
tain much that will be of Interest to cit
izens of every class all over the country.
"Owing to the poor coffee crops that
have been produced this season the finan
cial condition of Nicaragua is not all that
could be wished. Gold is at an unusually
high premium. The usual rate is three
to one. That is one dollar in gol«3 is
worth three dollars in the currency of the
country. It has gone even higher than
that now and a gold dollar will brins a
premium of four hundred to four hun-lred
and fifty per cent."
"President Zelaya is one of the moat
progressive men in Central America. He
is a firm believer in the advantages of
education and under his administration
the public schools of Nicaragua have been
almost doubled in number.
"The citizens of Nicaragua appreciate
the advantages that will come to thtm
through the construction of the proposed
canal and are enthusiastically in favor of
It. President Zelaya, who occupies a slm
iiar position in Nicaraguan affairs that
Diaz does in Mexican, politics, having been
twice elected and being the only possible
candidate for the next term to come, is
a strong partisan of the canal movement.
Not only does he want to see the work
go through, but he" wants to see it con
trolled by the guns 'of America. He says
that the relations between Nicaragua and
this country are so close and so f rien-.lly
that it is as much a matter of moment
to his own people as to us to see the pro
posed waterway entirely in American
hands.
Mr. Donaldson was asked last night con
cerning the work done by the commission.
He seemed very sanguine concerning the
outcome of the canal. Though, owing to
his official position, he was not in a posi
tion to go Into details concerning the work
accomplished, he said that Admiral "Walk
er, president of the commission, was about
to hand in his report to the Government
and^that when the Washington officiate
saw fk to make public the contents of
the report it would be seen that mucn
had been accomplished toward furthering
the plans of those interested in seeing a
waterway across the isthmus which will
be under the control of Uncle Sam. In
speaking of the feeling of the people of
Nicaragua in the matter Mr. Donaldson
said:
Chester Donaldson, United States Con
sul at Managua, Nicaragua, -who is now
y ln this city on a vacation. Is at the Occi
dental. Accompanying Mr. Donaldson are
his wife and J. Fred Appleby, an - en
gineer in the employ of the isthmian com
mission.
Preliminaries to Champion
ship Battle Are to Be
Romance Which Ends as All
Romances Should, in
Happiness.
Believes It Will Be of Advan
tage to All Parties
Concerned.
— -- -----
Scott . Leary, Crack , Olympic
Club Man, Beaten by
Half a Foot.
Fived Houseworth and
Dorothy Kirk Twice
, f Wedded.
Jeffries and Ruhlin to
Discuss Terms for
He Lowers the Ameri
can Mark for Fifty
Consul Donaldson S&ys
the Canal Has Many
' Supporters.
HEAVYWEIGHTS
CONFER TO-DAY
WIDEMAN SWIMS
IN RECORD TIME
NICARAGUA WILL
BE BENEFITED
FIRST MARRIAGE
IS SECRET ONE
MICHAEL KELLY, JOCKEY,
DIES NEAR CARSON CITY
Trainer of the Famous Mare Geraldine and
Other Noted Horses Succumbs to Effects
of a Series of Surgical Operations
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1901.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. |
One soap is not as good as
another; not half, not a tenti.
Fels-Naptha is importantl to
you, or not, as you value ease m
the laundry and comfort all over
the house.
\
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia. V
l
OCEAN TRAVEL.
— -~—
1 Pacific Coast Steamship Co. \
-. . Eteamera Jeave Broadway
s^ Wharf. San Francisco:
K&is^. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
SffllsSS^ every fifth day. Change to
KgygS^^ company's '^^^^^"e'
I BiS^iSSii c^ C. ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
1 MSKS^l ; facoma. Everett. Anacortej
i /**<CSffSi *nd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
"^ 11 a m.. every fifth any.
"™* Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and u. r*. «y.;
at Seattle or Tacoraa for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ky. n . «-
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 P. m-
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Ixjs An-
reies)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. .9
a 'For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayuccw. Port Harfnrd
(San Luis Ob!«po). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and »X^wport ("Corona only>— Steamer Corona.
Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays.
For Krsenada. Mairdalena Bay. San J"»e del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalfa
and Guaymas (M«.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserves the rtfcht to etwnc>»
steamers, ftallinsr days and hours of sailing
¦without nrevlpn:* notice.
TICKET OFFiCE-4 New Montgomery
?.treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIVS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Only Ste n m«nif> Ij«»» *«»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland *> »U
retnts F.amt. Throufth tiztcetw tt* alt
- point*. »»1I r«It *m mterrmn^»in »»ntl fail, at
LOW JsISI* RATES.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BE2TH and MEAL1
ES. COLUMBIA
Sails AUK. 1. 13. *!. «. Sept. tt. 3*. M
ES. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Au?. 8. IS. 21 Sept. 5. 15. n
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.A*t..l Monfcrm'y. 9.T.
WHITE PASS AND
YUKON ROUTE.
To the ATLTX. WHITE HORSE. HOOTA-
LIXQUA. BIO SALMON. STEWART RIVER.
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING . DIS-
TRICTS.
Ocean steamers connecting with rail line st
Skaguay. Alaska.
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAY AND WHITE KORSE.
Special Steamer from White Horse to> Hoota-
Ilnqua and Bis Salmon mines.
Direct connection made «t WHIT'S! HORSf!
WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIGATION
COMPANY'S' FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
TO DAW3OS.
Connection* made nt DAWSCW FOR ALL
LOWER YUKON P.TVER POINTS.
For freight over this route, quick dispatch In
assured; to the traveler, comfort and quick
time.
Th« 'White Pass and Yukon Routs Is ths
Summer Tourist's Paradise.
E. C. HAWKINS. General Manager. Seattle,
Wash.
J. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manaetr.
Skaguay. Alaska: Seattle. Wash.
M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agent.
53fi Market st.. City.
AMERICAN LINE.
rrzw v o°i? scrip • iv^oi. io-»nn«i man.
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
Trom New Tork Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
<"t. Paul Ausrust 2, f Paul Sept. IS
St. Louis Sept ? St. Louis Sept 25
Philadelphia ...Sept. lit Philadelphia ....Oct. J
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwera.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Zeeland August 21 Kensington Sept. 1%
Frlesland .... August 28 Zeeland S»pE 23
Southwark S«pt. 4 Friesland ...Oct. 2
Vaderland Sept. 11
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastberond.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO .
CHAS. TX TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
COMPAGNIE GSNERALE TBAN3ATLAJITIIJC2
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
Pailine every Thursday, instead nf
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, ¦^"HWi
North River, foot of Morton street: La
Bretagne. August W; La Champagne. Septem-
ber 5: *La Savoie, September 12 i *L*Aqultalne.
September 19.
First class tr» Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
! ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson buildinr>.
New Tork. J. V. FTJGAZI & CO.. Pacific
Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San
Francisco. Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket
Agents.
, *Twln Screw Express Steamers. . ,'.i
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WTLL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
• •••• ...."Wednesday. September 4 19(11
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27 1901
SS. AMERICA MARTI .....:.
Wednesday. October 23 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ' For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner First.
-~ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R. H.-.'SSS?
TO NEW YORK YW P*PM4 HIREOT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll mttiU Friday, Am*. 93
fi. S. Leelnnaw anil* . A-«f».
S. S. Arftvl! ««r* . -Sept.
From Howard street at 2 p. m
Freight and Passenger Offlce S30 Market «t
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
Oceanics.sxo.=iS
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only....^.'.^
Saturday. August 31. 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa
New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. August 22. 19 a. m
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
"Wertneadav. September 11 in » rr>
I D.SPBECKELS k BROS. CO., Gsneral JSgenls. 32? Hartal St
Een'l Passanger QfSss, 643 Market St., rtsr No. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And CIA SUO AMERICANA DS VAPOSES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
i and South. American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 13 m.
GUATEMALA. .Aug. —ICOLOMBIA ....Sept. 1t
PALENA Aug. SllTTJCAPEL Sept. 23
These steamers . are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. SIS California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Qgn. Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJ3.
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. . Sunday. *:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Teleohone Main 1308. Landing and of-
flc». pier i. MIsslon-iit. dock. HATCH BROS
WeeHyCtSLOOieTYeai
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Are often engaged in doing the \rork of
a home under the most trying condi-
tions. Nature cries out against the
stooping and lifting, the running up and
fc-v~*«^w- *.' w— '-t d Qwn stairs at times
fc^^^^^^^^JSC when labor should
i\ & «) bte. It is owing to
"l^^i^^ overstrain or self-
|?HK»3^^J?(3t^>* neglect under these
i^pQJijgi&SkV^j^ conditions that the
Yiy^^^^Y^^ foundation is laid
'2-c^_ "^ ./v>ffifai for serious woman-
< ¦ l"j>V^ ly disease. Irregu-
d%\ \irX/&' * zx * t y ** e ? rst
£5\\ j£:\@i%, ste P to*«impaired
7 xg3^^&Js&?'i&-. womanly health.
til^^^^m, Perfect regularity
I / $*ESFpt mav established
: 1 / *"j s?&b£§: ty use qf Dr.
; 1 / / |3g§S Pierce's Favorite
"if |^§^ Prescription. It
'"'I iSySj* >yill heal lnflamma-
;.;\ eS3§£ ant * cure female
'.'.-\ 'i: ijBSS? weakness.. It i
'•'.'\ trfi^ dfckes weak woin-
.'¦*•] .JEf^ en s^ ron S an d 6ick
'""•XT?T'/rnf^ft^ women well. .
••¦(//MJWllwfe ,"" *""* me much
•'•»*v f^V^xlA pleasure," writes Miss
:•¦•• ••r v »-'.-----.'3l$y Ella Sapp, of Tames-
town, Guilford osunty,
IC.'C., "to thank Dr. Pierce for the great good
received from the use of his * Favorite Prescrip-
tion' and 'Golden Medical Discovery.' I had
suffered for three years or more at monthly pe-
riods. It seemed as though I would die with
pains in niy back and stomach. I I could not
stand at all without fainting. Had given up all
hope of ever being cured, ¦when one of my
friends insisted upon toy trying Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription, with but little faith I
tried it. and before I had taken half a bottle I
felt better. Now I have taken two bottles ol
'Favorite Prescription' and one of 'Golden
Medical Discovery.' and I am entirely cured, and
in two mosths' time when all other medicines
had failed."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, sent free on re-
ceipt of 2i one-cent stamps, to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. Address Dr.
K. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
DH.W1EYERS&G0, Jg§l|%
Specialist. Disease ElsS^tf
and weakness of alppK
men. Established <yZ$fr . t— rf
1SSL Consultation f(\l %&$ '»*
and private book ¦ » I
tree, at offlce or by \jK> .^'jImI 1
mall. Cures guar- )&"*¦?&&£&&
anteed. 731 Mar- r^J^iGEll^fir
ket street (eleva- A<^£$&*? ;> '£>
tor entrance), San
Francisco.
J^§l^ CANDY CATHARTIC . «M
Genuine stamped CCC Never sold In bulls.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "lust as good,
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
lfcr^ni^Jlne^^ 011^ 1^
*££ 1^
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. S*Us on its own merits
,„ ALFS & BRUNE. Asentk.
:; «* Market .t.. B . F .-<Sen d ror ClrSuUr,.,FIRST OF THE SALMON FLEET
IX ; A CALM OFF POINT
REYES. .
TUESDAY. AUGUST 20.
Sun rises 5 :23
Sun sets 6:56
Moon sets 10:03 a. m.'
NOTE— In the above' exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last*tide
of the day. except when there are -but -three'
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the poundings on the TJnlted
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
"WOODLAND. Aug. 19.— The land-own
ers on Cache Creek, Western Yolo County,
will on September 11 begin repairing the
Capay Ditch, with the view of extensive
irrigation in that section. The new cream
ery to.be erected. at Esparto is the incen
tive, and the alfalfa fields are to be irri
gated and, the dairy herds increased. The
Capay Ditch was constructed in 1864. It
is eighth miles long and twenty-six feet
wideand covers 2300 acres.
Capay Ditch to Be Bepaired."
LONG BEACH. Cal.. Aug. 19.— Ed Gal
bfalth, a 19-year-old sailor on the
launch O K, walked overboard at 3
o'clock this morning, while the launch
was lying alongside the pier at this place
and was drowned. He had .lust arisen
from his t sleep and was evidently not
thoroughly awake. He. formerly lived at
Beaumont, Cal., and his father was here
yesterday endeavoring to persuade him to
return home. The body was recovered
this morning. .
Walks Off a Launch.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 19.— "Esmeralda,".
a drama in four acts by Francis Hodgson
Burnett and William H. Gillette, will be
played by amateurs on Friday evening
next at the San Rafael Opera-house. Miss
Grace Fern will direct the production and
the proceeds' will be devoted to' the
orphanage. The patronesses are: Mrs. A.
W. Foster, Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mrs. Lew's
Gerstle, Mrs. Henry Sonntap. Mrs. "W. S.
Leake, Mrs. W. G. -Curtis. Mrs. William
LJchtenberg. Mrs. Vincent Neale and Mrs.
J. Keck. ¦;-,•-¦ -
Will Play for the Orphanage.
FRESNO, Aug. 19.— Judge Austin ren
dered judgment this morning: in favor of
the raisin combine against Seropian Bros,
for the delivery of 297.450 pounds of ral
slns of the unsold and left over crop of
1900. In case delivery cannot he -had, they
must pay the value thereof, $9,038 76. with
$217 88 damages for detention. By reason
of like refusals of. other raisin men to de
liver up unsold and warehoused raisins to
the packers' combine, to which the asso
ciation sold the left-over crop in a lump
lot. the recent raids were madfl on ware
houses to recover raisins in Fresno and
Madera counties, title to which was
claimed in the combine under contract
with the growers. -
Sold to Packers by the Asso
ciation.
Seropian Brothers Must Deliver Fruit
DECISION IN FAVOR
OF RAISIN COMBINE
Another fatal accident during the same
storm was the drowning of a man named
Fitzgerald in Shepherd's Canyon. Fitz
gerald was an old-timer and pioneer of
the desert. Nothing is known of the cir
cumstances of his death except the find
ing of his body.
The rain was terrible In that country
and tore out everything from the canyons
and in' old Panamint Canyon. Nearly all
the houses were more or less damaged
and in the narrows down the canyon there
are marks up tho sides of the cliff fully
sixty feet above the ground. All the trees
and everything movable were .washed out
and Immense rocks were moved.
RANDSBURG, Aug. 19.— Report3 from
Ballarat. state that Mrs! " Lay ton, an old
lady, was killed by the roof of her house
falling on her during the heavy rainstorm
of Thursday last. She and her husband
were in the house -when he noticed the
roof moving a little .and grabbed her hand
and started for the door. He got outside,
but the old lady was caught, ?nd when
they got her out. she was dead. The house
was adobe and the rain melted the walls.
Adobe Building and It Sud
denly Collapses. • •
Heavy Rains Melt the Walls of an
KIIXED BY FALLING
ROOF OF HER HOME
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— That the big barn
like pavilion on the Alameda, which was
first a white elephant on the hands of the
Rose Carnival committee of four years
ago and afterward the evil spirit of the
Board of Trade before its demise, is not
in ashes as well as $25,000 worth of prop
erty belonging- to the Agricultural Park
Association, is a matter of good fortune.
Last night after 12 o'clock three boys,
Preston, Lloyd and Hubert Burnett, neg
lected lads from a large family residing
on Cinnabar street, entered the building
from the roof, climbed down to. the lower
floor and set fire to the structure In four
different places. They afterward made
STOOil their escape to a safe distance, there
to watch the conflagration.. Fortunately
the hostlers engaged in the care of the
horses in training in the park, saw the
reflection, sounded an alarm and a. bucket
brigade extinguished the fire. The boys
are only street arabs, none of them over
If years of age. The Sheriff brought them
to the jail this evening, but the Judge saw
no use in holding them and let them go.
Neither the pavilion nor the other prop-,
erty of the association around it is In
sured. Had the boys succeeded in starting
a quick blaze they could not have es
caped before they themselves had been
suffocated.
Heavy IjOSS to Agricultural
Park Association.
Timely Discovery of Blaze Prevents
MAIilCTOXJS STREET ARABS
SET FIRE TO PAVILION
' Dunlap bid $250 each for three franchises
and $500 for the fourth, from San Jose to
San Mateo County. E. Myron Wolf of
San- Francisco bid, for two of the fran
chises $625 and $260, respectively, more
than Dunlap. while on the other two he
was much lower. Henry Newburg of San
Francisco bid 4V6 per cent of the earnings
of the road after fiv« years. In the face
of* the competing and higher bids the
award was made to the Gilroy man. This
brought on the. storm which may result in
tying up the; franchises for some time.
'¦¦ The roads '. for which ¦ franchises are
asked will radiate from San Jose to all
the principal points in the county. All of
the bidders are agents and refuse to dis
close their backers.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 19.— After a somewhat
pyrotechnical session of the Board of Su
pervisors- this forenoon,; franchises cover-
Ins: more' than ninety miles of proposed
efcetric roads In this county were awarded
to;George T. Dunlap of Gilroy, over the
protests of two other bidders. The pro
ceedings were sensational from the fact
that,- where no opposition to Dunlap was
expected, 'two additional bidders were in
the field. Protests were filed and one: of
these bidders threatens indirectly to take
the affair into court at once, claiming
irregularity on the part of the members
of the board.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
Two Other Bidders for Rail
way Rights Will Appeal
to the Courts. .
Action of Santa Clara
Supervisors Causes
Trouble.
AWARDS DUNLAP
THE FRANCHISES
FROM, SEATTLE.
To Mexico— 5K1 gals wine, 134 pkga tea, 63
bdls wire. 23,754 lbs tallow, 240 Tbs March!' 10
crs potatoes. 100 cs machine" oil, 10 cs canned
goods, 10 gals brandy, 3 cs dru^s. G pkgs dry
good*. 85 pVgs fruit and vegetables, 500 fire
bricks. 71 pkgs groceries and provisions. 16 cs
hardware. 18.291 ft lumber. 4 pkgs machinery.
To Central America— S2 pkjrs bottled beer. 16
c» cement, 275 tbs bread. 1970 gals coal oil. 2
cs canned goods, 2 tons coal, 5 coils rope, 112
The steamer Acapulco sailed yesterday for
ranama and way ports with a general cargo
valued at $55,425, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico. $4913; Central America
$49,752: Panama, J4S0: Ecuador, $250. The prin
cipal exports were as follows:
Departure of Panama Steamer.
The American-Hawaiian " Steamship
Company's Californian arrived from New
York via the Straits of Magellan yester
day with 7400 tons of general merchan
dise. The company's Oregonian Is using
the Steuart-street berth, so the Califor
nian had to dock at Mission street until
room can be made for her at the com
pany's wharf. She made the run In 64
days, or ten days better time than that
of the Oregonian. She was only 74 hours
getting through the Straits of Magellan
and as soon as Point Pillar was passed
the first heavy weather was encountered.
Captain Lyons, who commands the Cali
fornian. was formerly master of the ship
St. David. Then he was made chief offi
cer of the Hawaiian and was later pro
moted to his present command. As the
Hawaiian sugar crop is about ail market
ed the chances are that both the Califor
nian and the Oregonian will. load for New
York.
A New York Cargo Arrives.
The Celtic Monarch will load wheat here for
Europe at 3Ss «d : the - OHvebank. same. 3Ss,
both chartered prior to arrival: the Edward
May and the Helene. merchandise for Hon
olulu: the General Fairchild, lumber on Pucet
Sound for Sydney. 42s fid. with the usual op
tions, prior to arrival: the Norwegian- steamer
Horda. railroad ties at Noyo for Guayaquil
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
FRESNO. Aug. 19.— P. E. Struck, secre
tary of the Contractors* Association, has
disappeared, leaving behind liabilities es
timated at $4000. Struck was considerably
in debt and on his last contract pocketed
about $1500 which had been advanced,
neglecting to pay material men, sub-con
tractors and his carpenters. Struck's
bondsmen will probably have to stand the
loss. A detective is searching for him.
Secretary Disappears With the Coin
The only arrivals yesterday were the
Californian from New York, schooners
Volant and R. W. Bartlett, collier Mat
teawan and steamers Samoa and Acme
The departures were the colliers San
Mateo and Empire and the coasting
steamer Whitesboro.
The British bark Ivanhoe, at Melbourne
from Port Blakeley. reports unusually
heavy weather in latitude 28 north, longi
tude 165 west. This would not affect any
of the coast vessels unless It was some
of the fleet now due at Honolulu from
Australia.
The Norwegian steamship Horda that !s
carrying railroad ties from Noyo to Guay
aquil for Swayne & Hoyt did not put in
here on the return trip. When she ap
peared off port Jast Saturday she was or
dered to Oyster Harbor to coal. From
the Sound she will return to Noyo for her
load.
Water Front Notes.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 19.— Albert
Schmidt, aged 20 years, a resident of this
city, was accidentally shot and instantly
killed in the mountains of Ventura Couoty
Sunday morning. Schmidt had been hunt
ing deer and had laid his rifle across a
log. "When he started for camp he grasped
the rifle by the muzzle and drew it toward
him. The hammer struck on the log and
discharged the. gun. The bullet pa3s»d
through Ms body, severing the pulmonary
artery. Schmidt was wen known here.
He was the son of F. W. T. Schmidt, who
owns considerable oil property.
flicts Fatal Wound.
Handling It and Bullet In-
Discharges Rifle While Carelessly
YOUNG DEER HUNTER
ACCIDENTALXY KILLED
The new river steamer Vallette is not
going to cut rates between here and Co
lusa. She has been built purely in the
interests of the farmers and will carry
the products of their ranches to tidewater.
The Farmers' Transportation Company
has no connection with the Hatch Bros.'
venture and the building of the boat wa3
simply the outcome of the Southern Pa
cific's refusal to reduce the present exor
bitant rates.
Will Do No Fighting.
SAX JOSE. Aug. 19,-John Walt, an old
time blacksmith and respected citizen,
committed suicide this evening by shoot-
Ing himself through the head. He died
almost instantly. The cause of the sui
cide Tvas despondency. Five months ago
his wife died and he grieved greatly
<-.ver her death. Taking a looking-glass
in one hand and a revolver in the other,
"Walt deliberately placed the muzzle of a
slx-s?hooter to his head and fired. The de
ceased was a native of Switzerland. He
oame to California in 1S59 and settled In
the Garden City. He was 70 years of age
and has several children grown and en
gaged in business here.
Jose, Shoots Himself in the
Head.
John Walt, a Pioneer Resident of San
GRIEF OVER THE DEATH
OF WIFE LEADS TO SUICIDE
Monday, August 19.
Ptmr Acme. Lundquist, 14 hour« from Albion.
Stmr Callfornlan, Lyons, 64 days from New
York, via Coronel 22 days.
Stmr Matteawan, Croscup, 86 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, IS hours from Hardy
Schr 'Volant, Halveson, 7 days from_ Port
Ludlow. I
Schr R "WBartlett, Nielsen, 7 days frm Port
BlakeIe> '- CLEARED.
Monday. ' August 19.
Stmr AcrduIco, Russell, Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mail S S Co. ¦ f -
SAILED. •
¦ Monday, Ausust 19.
Rtmr Empire, Macgenn. Coos Bay. V
Stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Nanalmo.
Ptmr "Whitesboro. Olsen.
Stmr Acapulco. Ru5s>H. Panama.
TELEGRAPHIC. I
POINT LOBOS— August 19. 10 p m— "Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Aub 19— Br ship Samaritan, at
Tyne for San Francisco, took fire in port and
the fire wis not extinguished until much dam
age was done. ¦ ¦
"Br bark Ivanhoe. from Port Blakeley. arrived
at Melbourne after encountering heavy weath
er in 2S S 165. E.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed inward Aug 19—
Stmr Chas Nelson, from Skaguay; schr Falcon,
from St Michael. _ •
Arrived Aug 19— Ger ship Pera, from Vladi
vostok.
UMPQI>A— Sailed Aus 16— Schr' Louise, for
San Pfdro. ••¦
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug lS-Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skaguay. 19— Stmr Chas Nel
son.. from Skaruay. • - t
POINT REYES— Paused Aug 19— Stmr New
bun?, from Santa Barbara for Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 17— Schr Sail
or Bay. for San Pedro. IS— Schr H D Bendix
sen, for San Pedro.
Arrived Aue IS — Schr C A Thayer, fm Suva.
SAN PEDHfk- Arrived Aue I 19— Stmr De-
Fnatrh. from Seattle. ' ¦ • ¦
"PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Auk 18—
Stmr Colon, hence Aug 17. 19— Stmr Alcazar.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Aug 19— Stmr
Excelsior, from .ValJez; strar Queen,' from
Skaruay.
DUTCH HARBOR— Sailed "Aug 19— Stmr
Santa Ana. for St Michael: : stmr .Homer, . for
pealing, islande; schr Compeer. for Port
Tnwnwtid. '' v ' - -
. In port Auc 19— Er stmr Wyefleld, for , Na r
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
TCotlce Is hereby given that the Noonday
Rock bell buoy, red and black horizontal
stripes, recently reported as not sounding, was
placed In pood working- order August 15, 1901.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacinc Coast, 1901," page IS.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
• . U. SEBREE,
Commander, IT. S. X., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
The following notice to mariners has
been sent out by the Lighthouse Board at
Washington, D. C:
Notice is hereby given that, on or about
September 5. 1901. a whistling buoy, painted
red and marked "Pt. Fermin" in black, will
be established in about fifty-four feet of water,
about one-fourth of a mile southeasterly of the
shoal oft* Point Fermln. near San Pedro har
bor seacoast of California. Deadman's Island
breakwatpr beacon light. N. by E. Ik ' E. ;
Tangent to Long Point. "W. ?i N.; Point Fer
min lighthouse, NW., H mile. ¦ «
. Bearings are magnetic and given approxi
mately; miles are nautical miles. This notice
affects the "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1901,'" page_13.
Notice to Mariners.
XOOXDAY ROCK, CALIFORNIA
The Santa Clara is almost invariably the
first of the salmon fleet to arrive. She
left Kodlak on July 31 and made a splen
did run to Point Reyes. Last Wednesday
she was becalmed when thirty miles east
southeast of the promontory and lay
there without motion until Saturday at 2
p. m. Then a breeze came up and she
moved into port in company with the Cef
tjc Monarch. The latter vessel is from
Valparaiso in ballast to load wheat for
Europe. As soon as she Is discharged the
Santa Clara will return to the canneries
to bring home another cargo.
The ship Santa Clara docked at Mission
street wharf yesterday afternoon and the
work of unloading the vessel began al
most at once. , As soon as the vessel cast
anchor on Sunday morning all the fisher
men and sailors left her. but Captain
Llndberg had no difficulty in securing
enough men to dock the ship. The Santa
Clara brings down 41.453 cases of salmon
and they will be shipped to Europ"e to fill
contracts as speedily as possible.
shipped as Quickly as Possible.
Salmon for Europe "Will Be Trans-
UNLOADnrafrCHE SANTA CLARA
Tho steamer "Walla "Walla, which sailed Sun
day for Victoria, carried a general cargo valued
at $10,932, including the following: 34,320 lbs
malt, 7 bales leather, 333 gals wine, 2 pkge
machinery, 873 lbs sugar. 6 tons coal, 1465 lbs
bread, 296 pkps groceries and provisions, 3
bales drj- goods, 200 tins matches, 12 cs hard
ware, 225 lt>s borax. 205 cs canned goods, 4400
lbs dried fruit, 1234 lbs chocolate, 4300 lbs beans.
300 lbs coffee. 450 pkgs nails. 23 pigs tin, 23C0
pkgs fruit and vegetables, 157 bbls plaster. It
crs onions. 4 crs bicycles and sundries, 252
cs honey, 1070 lbs tobacco.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
ANTIOCH. Aug. 19.— At a meeting of
the Contra Costa Almond Growers' Asso
ciation only two San Francisco buyers
were present to bid for the crop, about
seventy tons. The bids were so far below
expectations that they were rejected, and
Baturday. August 31. -was set as the date
for the opening of new bids. Members of
the association believe San Francisco buy
ers have formed a combine and are mak
ing an effort to break up the association.
In consequence no better bids are expect
ed from local buyers, but it is hoped there
will be bids from Eastern buyers. Should
this not happen and the bids still be below
what the association deems fair It will
eend an agent East to dispose of the crop.
Contra Costa Almond Growers Re
ceive Very Low Bids for Their
Crop.
FEAE THAT THE BUYERS
HAVE FOKMED COMBINE
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TJnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is th« same at both places.
pkgs dry goods, 67 pkgs doors and windows,
7 cs drugs. 10 cs electrical supplies, 3887 bbls
flour, 40 pkgs fruit and vegetables, 27O s pkjts
groceries and provisions. 9 ca • hardware, 277
lbs ham and bacon, 58,335 ft lumber, 2330 It)3
lard. 14 bales leather, 8 pkgs ' machinery. 3100
lbs mills tuffs, 440 lbs .nuts, 165 pkgs nails, 40
bale3 oakum, 16 cs paper, 9 crs onions, 286 era
potatoes, 70 kegs powder, 747 cs paints and oils.
69,832 Tbs rice, 3210 pkgs railroad material. 239
lbs soda. 200 lbs salt, 5000 lbs saltpeter. 11.212
lbs tallow, 10 cs 4782 gala wine, 13S lbs tea,
S2 cs whisky, 100 bdls wire.
To Panama— 19,200 lbs rice.
To Ecuador — 600 eals wine. . •
In order to prevent this the electric
road officials ran a dozen cars on the
track and kept moving them slowly back
and forth. The police arrested the motor
men and conductors, twenty-four In all.
the cars were shoved off the track and the
work cf tearing up the rails was com
pleted.
LOS AXGELES. Aug. IS.— About ten
days ago the *-rf)s Angeles Street Railway
Company, in excess of its franchise rights,
It is said, and in \iolation of a city ordi
nance, laid a third track on Santa Fe ave
nue, in front of the Santa Fe railroad de
pot, from First to Third streets. The
track was laid ?? night and was ordered
removed by the City Council. The order
•was not obeyed and this afternoon shortly
after S o'clock Street Superintendent Mc-
Guire, accompanied by a squad of work
men and backed by a platoon of police,
began the work of removal on behalf of
the city.
£os Angeles Prevents Usurpation of
Privileges by an Electric Car
Company.
STKZZT SUPERINTENDENT
TEAES UP THE KAILS
Dr. H. E. Davis. S. J. Sllva. Mrs. J. Cas
tello. R- Arroyo. Mrs. Rosa Chaberz, G. II .
Miller. F. Reyes. Miss D. Chinchilla. William
Irelan Jr.. Mrs. P. Delgndo. T. J. Quirk.
Mrs. F. Cafitello, Mrs. B. Martin and infant.
L. C. Bailey, P. H. Simpson.
The Mail Company's Acapulco got away
for Panama and way ports promptly on
time. She took away a large general car
go and the following passengers:
J. Dowling Cartier is a French Judge
sent out by his Government to assume
charge of judicial affairs in Tahiti. He
and his family will sail for Papeete on the
Oceanic Company's next mail boat. Ches
ter Donaldson is United States Consul . at
Managua. Nicaragua, and J. F. Appleby
is secretary of the United States Isthmian
Commission.
Chester Donaldson, Miss M. Donaldson, Mrs.
K. Smith, Harry Smith, J. F. Appleby. John
P. de Cuna and wife, A. M. Garland, lire.
Cartier. Mrs. J. Cartler, J. Dowling Cartier,
J. Cartier, Virginia P. de Cuna, Elisa Cartier,
Jane Cartier. Mathilda Canier. Rene Cartier.
H. C. Dukes and Zera de Cuna.
The Pacific Mail Company's San Juan
arrived from Panama via Central Ameri
can and Mexican ports yesterday. She
brought up a large cargo composed of
coffee, balsam, fruit, indiarubber, hides,
cedar logs, pearl shell and $105,356 in treas
ure. She had nineteen cabin and twenty
steerage passengers. Those In the cabin
were: »
isthmus to-day, while the cruiser
Philadelphia is at Mare Island being got
ready to follow her to the Gulf of Pan
ama/ The Panama Railroad Company's
Argyll is loading New York freight for
transmission via the isthmus and one or
two coasters are awaiting cargoes to go
south.
ONE steamship arrived and another
sailed for Panama and way ports
yesterday, the battleship Iowa is
coaled and will get away for the
nalmo; schr Ruth E Godfrey, hence June 18.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Augr 19— Stmr
John S Klmball. from Nome for Seattle.
BANDON- Arrived Aug 19— Schr. Albion, hce
July 29.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived- Auff 19-Bktn Tarn
o'« Shunter, from Mnnlla. '
SEATTLE — Arrived Aug 19 — Schr Vesra, from
Xome: stmr Excelsior, from Valdez; stmr
John S Klmball, from Xome; stmr Queen, fm
Petropaulovski.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KOBE— Sailed Aug 9— Bktn Chaa F Crocker,
for Puiet Sound.
NANAIMO— Sailed Aug 18— Br Btmr Bucking
ham and Nor stmr Titania, . for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Sailed July 14— Ger bark Al
stenufpr. for Seattle. July 31 — Ger ship Al
sterkamp. for Seattle.
DUNGENESS— Papsed Auk 16— Br ship Clan
Macpherson, from Tyne for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Sailed Aug 15— Br shiD Levern
bank, for Santa Rosalia.
TABLE BAT— Sailed Aue 15— Br shin Bar
dotvie. for Ore—on.
SANTA ROSAIjTA— Arrived Aug: 15— Schr
Luzon, from Cowishen.
BRISBANE— Arrived Aus IS— Br stmr Aoran
gl. frmo Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Ausr 19— Chil Btmr Pale
na. for San Francisco.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Auk 19— Br bark
Antlcpe, from Kahului.
CALLAO— Arrived Aug 13— Bark CarondeUt.
from Port Gamble. . . .
. OCEAX STEAMERS.
JAPAN PORT— Arrived prior to Aug 19—
Stmr Peru, from San Francisco via Honolulu,
for Yokohama and Hontckonc. '.
BRISBANE — Arrived Aug 18— Stmr Aorangl,
from Vancouver via Honolulu, for ; - Sydney,
N S W.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug; 19-Stmr Paris
ian, from Montreal.
Sailed Aug 18 — Stmr Corinthian, for Mont
real.
SUEZ— Arrived Aug 19— Stmr Glenesk, frcm
Taconm via Tokoham. for London.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aus 19— Stmr Mongolian,
for Npw York.
BOSTON — Arrived Aus 19— Stmr LIvonlan.
from Glasgow.
SANTA CRTTZ. Augr. 19.— Jerry Tnbbaeo.
•who resides on Bear Creek, near the sum
mit of the Santa Cruz Mountains, had a
miraculous escape to-day from an awful
death at Hoffmann's mill, where he was
employed. He was at work under the mill
near a revolving shaft when his shirt
eleeve got caught on the head of a set
screw projecting from the shaft.
Then came a desperate struggle for life.
The shfrt was stripped from his arm and
then from his back, while the young man
had to exert all the strength at his com
mand to prevent being carried around the
pheft. A cotton handkerchief around his
neck was caugrht and was torn In two.
"When his clothing had been stripped en
tirely from his body he found himself free
from the shaft. He had sustained a
broken finger and severe bruises about
the head and shoulders.
Being under the mill Tabbaco's plight
was not seen and his cries were not heard
because of the noise of the mill.
Employe of a Bear Creek Hill Has a
Desperate Struggle for
Life.
SLEEVE GETS CAUGHT
IN REVOLVING SHATT
Charles Brown had been tried three
times In a Justice's Court for assault with
a deadly weapon and simple assault upon
a 14-year-old daughter of L,. L. Brown.
but was acauitted. Brown was also ex
amined as to his sanity, but was dis
charged. He was a native of New York
and 4S years of age.
Mrs. Brown was a domestic in the fam
ily of C. T. Elliott. Her husband went
down to see her and wns shown notes
written by the junk man. In one was a
request for a meeting at 8 o'clock last
night. The husband was on hand with a
shotg-un at the hour, and when he
confronted the junk man the latter made,
a demonstration with a pistol. L. L.
Brown fired at him three times with the
shotgun, killing him instantly. He then
came to town and surrendered himself.
MODESTO. Aue. 18.— L. L. Brown shot
end killed Charles Brown, a junk dealer.
et Elliott Brothers" ranch, twelve miles
*-est of Modesto, last night. The victim,
who was no relative of his slayer, though
their names are alike, had persistently
annoyed Mrs. L. L. Brown with his atten
tions.
Goes With Shotgun to Keep
Appointment Suggested
to His Wife.
Modesto Husband Ends
Career of Charles
Brown.
PAYS WITH LIFE
FOR AN INSULT
THE SAN : - FRANCISCO CALL,^TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1901.
Battleship Is Coaled and Will Sail To-Day, While the Cruiser Is
Being Rapidly Prepared for the Voyage at Mare Island— San
Juan Arrives and the Acapulco Departs for the Isthmus
IOWA AND PHILADELPHIA SOON
WILL BE EN ROUTE TO PANAMA
5
Time Time iTlmel ITlmel .
Date! Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
IHW L W H TV IL Wl
20... 3:50 4.0 8:54 2.21 3:371 5.1 10:19 1.3
21 ... 5:00 3.8 9:38 2.5| 4:18! K.I 11:20 1.2
22 ... 6:14 3.6| 10:31 2.3! 5:02 5.1 '....
l w in w l wi ih w
2.1... 0:19 0.9 7:26 3.8 11:401 3.1| 5:57 5.1
24... 1:12 0.6 R:24 4.ll 12:4«l 3.2| 6:51 5.2
25... 2:00| 0.3 9:11|M.?! 1:4S| 3.0 7:47 5.3
26... 2:44| 0.0 9:301 4.6| 2:36| 2.7 8:40 5.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Gaelic
Bureka
Leelanaw .
Neko
Buckingham...
Santa Rosa...
Pomona....
Washtenaw....
TItania
Mandalay......
Point Arena...
City of Puebla.
San Jose
St. Paul ....
Eureka.... .....
Guatemala
Hongkong Mar
Curacao
Mariposa
Palena
'ilna nnd . Japan....'.'. Aucr. 2"
'umboldt. ./ Aug. 20
J . Y. via Panama.... Aug. 21
•acoma Aup. 21
Vanaimo ¦ Aug. 21
>nn Diesro & Way Pts. Auk. 22
'Tumboldt , Auk. 23
Tacoma ..' Aug. 23
N'analmo Aug. 23
Coquille River Aug. 23
Point Arena Aug. 23
Puget Sound Ports Aug. 24
Panama & Wky Ports.) Aug. 25
Nome & St. Michael. ..lAus. 2!
Humbold t lAug. 25
Valparaiso & "Way Pts. Aug. 26
China- and Japan Aug. 27
Mexican Ports Aug. 27
Honolulu Aug. 28
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Arcata
Point Arena.
Pomona
Argyll........
City Peking..
Kureka....
Sonoma.
Czarina....."
San Pedro....
Ancnst 2O. j ¦¦• ',
?oos Bay 4 pm|Pler 13
°olnt Arena 2 pm|Pler 2
r -?umboMt 1:30 pIPIer ¦ 9
X. Y. .via Panama. 2 pm Pier —
Angrnnt 21. -.;;..;
China ' &- Japan....! 1 pm'PMSS
Anwnst 22.
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Sydney & "Way Pta 10 am Pier 7
Seattle & Tacoma. Pier' 8
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
AiiBTUNt 23. ..-. -
Puget Sound Ports U am Pier •' 9
Anffnut 25. • ¦ . . ¦
San; DteKo & Way 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt 1:30 p Fler-9
Aneimt 27. . •
S. Amer. & Europe 12 m Pier 10
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am PIt 11
China & Japan.....j 1 pm|PMSS
Umatllla.....
Santa Rosa..
Pomona.......
Neko.....
Bonita. .......
Gaelic
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Farallon ... Skaguay ft Way Ports. Aug. 21
Queen.. Skasuty & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon..... Nome and Teller. ....... I Aug. -24
Humboldt...... Skaguay & Way. Ports. Aug 24
Cottage City... Rkaguay & Wav Ports. | Aug." 23
Excelsior ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug 2S
Portland...../: Nomeand'St. "Michael. Aug. 2«
Roanoke..:. Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller... . Aug. 17
City of Seattle Skasruay & Way Ports. Aug. 28
Dirigo.. :....'... 1 Skaguay .& Way Ports. Aug.ZS
,; : * .''.¦-'*¦ :• ¦ ' ' ' ''"..' V. , . ¦. • .- ¦ , -¦ ,'¦ ,*
Time Time iTlmel ITlmel .
Date! Ft. Ft. I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft.
IHW L W H TV IL Wl
20... 3:50 4.0 8:54 2.21 3:371 5.1 10:19 1.3
21 ... 5:00 3.8 9:38 2.5| 4:18! K.I 11:20 1.2
22 ... 6:14 3.6| 10:31 2.3! 5:02 5.1 '....
l w in w l wi ih w
2.1... 0:19 0.9 7:26 3.8 11:401 3.1| 5:57 5.1
24... 1:12 0.6 R:24 4.ll 12:4«l 3.2| 6:51 5.2
25... 2:00| 0.3 9:11|M.?! 1:4S| 3.0 7:47 5.3
26... 2:44| 0.0 9:301 4.6| 2:36| 2.7 8:40 5.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Gaelic
Bureka
Leelanaw .
Neko
Buckingham...
Santa Rosa...
Pomona....
Washtenaw....
TItania
Mandalay......
Point Arena...
City of Puebla.
San Jose
St. Paul ....
Eureka.... .....
Guatemala
Hongkong Mar
Curacao
Mariposa
Palena
'ilna nnd . Japan....'.'. Aucr. 2"
'umboldt. ./ Aug. 20
J . Y. via Panama.... Aug. 21
•acoma Aup. 21
Vanaimo ¦ Aug. 21
>nn Diesro & Way Pts. Auk. 22
'Tumboldt , Auk. 23
Tacoma ..' Aug. 23
N'analmo Aug. 23
Coquille River Aug. 23
Point Arena Aug. 23
Puget Sound Ports Aug. 24
Panama & Wky Ports.) Aug. 25
Nome & St. Michael. ..lAus. 2!
Humbold t lAug. 25
Valparaiso & "Way Pts. Aug. 26
China- and Japan Aug. 27
Mexican Ports Aug. 27
Honolulu Aug. 28
Valparaiso & Way Pts. Aug. 23
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Arcata
Point Arena.
Pomona
Argyll........
City Peking..
Kureka....
Sonoma.
Czarina....."
San Pedro....
Ancnst 2O. j ¦¦• ',
?oos Bay 4 pm|Pler 13
°olnt Arena 2 pm|Pler 2
r -?umboMt 1:30 pIPIer ¦ 9
X. Y. .via Panama. 2 pm Pier —
Angrnnt 21. -.;;..;
China ' &- Japan....! 1 pm'PMSS
Anwnst 22.
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Sydney & "Way Pta 10 am Pier 7
Seattle & Tacoma. Pier' 8
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
AiiBTUNt 23. ..-. -
Puget Sound Ports U am Pier •' 9
Anffnut 25. • ¦ . . ¦
San; DteKo & Way 9 am Pier 11
Humboldt 1:30 p Fler-9
Aneimt 27. . •
S. Amer. & Europe 12 m Pier 10
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am PIt 11
China & Japan.....j 1 pm|PMSS
Umatllla.....
Santa Rosa..
Pomona.......
Neko.....
Bonita. .......
Gaelic
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Farallon ... Skaguay ft Way Ports. Aug. 21
Queen.. Skasuty & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Oregon..... Nome and Teller. ....... I Aug. -24
Humboldt...... Skaguay & Way. Ports. Aug 24
Cottage City... Rkaguay & Wav Ports. | Aug." 23
Excelsior ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug 2S
Portland...../: Nomeand'St. "Michael. Aug. 2«
Roanoke..:. Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 27
Nome City..... Nome and Teller... . Aug. 17
City of Seattle Skasruay & Way Ports. Aug. 28
Dirigo.. :....'... 1 Skaguay .& Way Ports. Aug.ZS
,; : * .''.¦-'*¦ :• ¦ ' ' ' ''"..' V. , . ¦. • .- ¦ , -¦ ,'¦ ,*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Post et., San Francisco. CaL
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
Write for 80-paife catalogue (free)..
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
San Francisco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar. Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens Au;rust 12. 190L
SARAH P. HAMLI». Principal.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 Market Street.
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants »nd reporters as teachers; Grepg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE, $60.
ST. MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND. CAL.
Studies will be resumed 1IOXDAT. Aujrust
5. 1901. BRO. ERMINOLD. President.
THE LYCEUM,
AN 1 ACCREDITED PREPARATORT SCHOOIj
for the university, law and medical colleges:
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building:.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas Term "Will Commence August K
Major Geo. C. Collins. Commandant.
¦ REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE ¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
• —OF THE — ' —
London Guarantee
and Accident
COMPANY, Limited,
OK LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
Eurance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant tn the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,011,703 40
Cash in Company's Office 899 09
Cash in Banks 60,000 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 9,71108
Premiums in , due Course of Collec-
tion ;. 99.193 33
Total Assets J1.171.S19 90
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense : M9.839 80
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 246,340 00
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 376,214 01
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; rein-
surance pro rata . 8.S33 77
Due" and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 4\474 65
Reinsurance - 525 81
All other liabilities 55,000 00
Total Liabilities : $741.228 04
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for prem-
iums $911.052 00
Received' for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from,
all other sources 33.113 61
Total Income $944,163 61
EXPENDITURES. ' ~ ' "
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $...... losses of previous years). $41f».6fiS 32
Remitted to Home Office : 48.154 93
Patd or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 144.33131
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 40.125 06
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 24.SU 98
All other payments and expendi-
tures - : 51.433 05
, Total Expenditures $520.170 64
A.' W. MASTERS. General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me."thls ISth
day of January. 1901.
¦ . MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
edw.cTLaindis
. General Agent,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Frnncigco. Cal. ¦ -
Phone rlohn 61.
' Actfdent and Liability Insurance.
The Weekly Gall.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
Economical soap : is one
% that *a touch of cleanses. «
Pears' shaving soap is .
the best in all the world;
AH so*"t« of pe'»r-l'! use Pears* soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists. - -, ' •
______ AT> v jaxfcTTHia jti ruTTS.
MADE STRONG M£ WELL
A Prominent Lady Raised From a Sick Bed by
Pe-ru-na— Entirely Cured in Two Weeks,
; MRS. E. A. CROZIER.
******* •••••••••••• >«»>»».
i Mrs. E. A. Crozier, Senior Vice Presi-
dent of the James Morgan Post, "W. R.
C, the largest corps In Minnesota, writes
from "The Landour," 9th and. Nlcollet,
Minneapolis, Minn., as follows:
"Please accept hearty thanks on
behalf of Peruna, that wonderful
medicine which raised me from a
sick bed and made a strong and well
woman of me in two weeks. I suf-
fered with bearing-down pains, back-
ache and continual headache, and
found no relief until I tried Peruna.
It cured me completely, and I feel as
young and well as when 18. I wish
every woman knew the merits of tho
medicine, and no home would be
without it"— Mrs. E. A. Crozier.
Mrs. Wm. Henderson, BorWac, N. C.
writes:
"I was troubled with very serious fe-
male weakness; had spells of flowing that
exhausted me so that I feared I would
lose- my mind. I suffered untold agony
•with my back, the pain extending down
my left leg. My pain was so severe that
I would have welcomed death at any mo-
ment—so no one need wonder that I rec-
ommend Peruna. ao highly, for it cured
me entirely of that: Not a. sign of pain
has returned, and that will soon be two
years now.
"I am grlad that there la a way I can
speak, trusting: that many a sufferer will
read my testimonial, and not only read,
but believe."— Mrs. Wm. Henderson.
FOR ¦WOMEN" ONI*"?.
Free Treatment During Hot Weather
by Dr. Hartman.
By the assistance of an experienced
staff of physicians Dr. Hartman proposes
to direct the treatment of several thou-
sand ¦women, who, for ona reason or an-
other, are ailingr. . .
Each patient sends name, symptoms and
a short description of.previous treatment,
and are entered in the doctor's books as
regular patients. ".
The treatment la directed from time to
time as may be found necessary by the
doctor, without charge. Every letter and
name Is held strictly confidential and In
no qase will any one be published except
by the express wish of the patient her-
self.
These cases are treated with the same
care and fidelity as the private patients
of a regular family physician. During: the)
past year a large number of cases have
been cured. Every Item of the treatment
Is directed, for which no charge whatever
is made.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The
Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio,
for free treatment
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
VA Hours* Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACnON-S IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour*
nament. auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marino Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.'
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAI. CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unlqu* ar-
rangements for camping, and Illustrated pam-
phlets apply to /
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery St.. San FrancUcov
Or BAXJXIXG CO..
232 South Sp^ng St.. Los Angeles. CaL
n is n nnn hot springs, soxoma
SK Mi It It \ Co.: only 4% hours from
\JI\n SJSJSJ San Francisco: but 9 miles
staging; ¦waters noted for
medicinal -virtues; Deat natural bath In State:
good trout streams: telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel and sta?a
service: morning and afternoon Ftages: round
trip from S. F. only S3 SO. Take Tib-nron ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
{12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
six years. Further information at Traveler of-
flce; 20 Montgomery st.. or of J. F. MTJL-
GRKW. Skaggs. Cal. . .
YOSEMITE VALLEY^
BIG OAK FLAT ANT) TOSEMITE STACf!
CO. — Running directly through tho Tuolumiv*
Bigr Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staying
2% hours first afternoon and 9 hours next dav.
arriving at Yosemlte Valley 5 p. m. Send for
illustrated folder. "SVM. J. "WHITE, Gen.
Agent, 630 Market st., opposlta Palace Hotel.
S. F.: tel. Black 3571.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive summer and winter re-
sort lniLake County. Boating, bathing. bowl-
Ing, tennis, new livery, walks and boats. A
marine toboggan 160 feet long. "Write, for cir-
cular. EDOAR DURXAJf. Laurel Dell. Lake
County. Cal.
OWN A HOME MEEKER
Buy lots J10 up: cottages built by Meeker. J30
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, pctofflre at camp: board
and lodging $6: take Saunallto ferry. 13 round
triD. Address IX. C. MEEKER., or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
Forrest aaflhcalft in THE SIERRAS
near Collar on C. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
24CO ft. — 136 miles from San Fr. No staging? good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruic and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. $3.00 a week. Send for
booklet Orchard Spriass, Colfax, CaL
VtCHY SPRIHCS,
Th» only place In tha United States whers
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric "Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths TJnequaled. Three miles from
Uklab. J. A. REDEMETER & CO..
Proprietors.
~ BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains: S
minutes from station; fine scenery; flshlag.
hunting, flns drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N. HATES.
.BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O." EL VERANO. CaL. Verano Station
(Kirgs Crossing); • on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
tl per day and upward. PETER GOUILHA!:.
DOU. Lessee. fr ¦ y-'-.'-.V
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rare sport
during tha deer season. Pack of hounds,
swimming and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELET. Llagas, CaL
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. -Leave Hooland at
12:30: arrive at Lakesort at 3:30;' arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New.6-hOTSe 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for thfi
stage line, with all the most modem improve-
menta. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Spring*
Stase Line.
MILLER & HO'WARP. Proprletora. :
PLANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen. miles from
Cazadero. on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
parties of 2 or more; grand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttringer, Seavlew, Sonoma Co.. or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front st.. for particular*.
THE LAUREL. Los Gatos— First-class family
boarding-house; homn. cooking: beautiful
surroundings; 5 minutes' walk to town. Term*.
J8 to *10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McTTKXZTF: »t»H MTPS A. WAMTTvrrW. Pmr«.
Jfa QRkSj *** lEaBa kfif KR Kli
DR. HALL'S REINVlSORATORggjjgS
Five hundred reward for any »^2^^S?
case we cannot cure. This secret !*¦ * Sli ||
remedy stops losses in 24- hours. I_ _lfl
cures Emissions. Impotency. Vari- Wi 553i
cocele. Strictures. Gleet. Drains. 3W! Prjrrl
Lc*t Manhood and all other wast- Kii »Ar*J
Ing effects of self-abuse or excess- Kffl _*¥Wi
es. Sent sealed. J3 bottle: 3 bottles. fcKHMKffiB
$5- guaranteed to cure nny case. Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 835 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073H
Market nt.. S. ¦ F. • All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.Theatrical managers in New York are said to be
showing a decided preference for dark-haired girls
in their choruses, and the so-called ''drugstore
blondes" are vanishing from the stage.
_ Farming* has ; become "so unpopular down in Maine
that it is found impossible to make a ccfunty fair
attractive without a balloon ascension or something
of the circus kind. The 'day when a prize pumpkin
and a rural orator could draw a crowd in any part
of that State. has gone by. < . .
"Juddy and I got into a terrible tangle
"I owed her. 10 cents, and borrowed 6
"Then I paid 30 cents for something
she bought — "* . - .
"Yes?" - V .
"And she paid. 40 cents for something I
bought, and then- we treated each other
to ice cream soda." ./
"Well?" x
"She says I still owe her a nickel."—
Detroit Free Press.
A Financial Merry-Go-Round.
. NEW YORK, Aug. ; 19.— The following
Californians are In New York: From San
Francisco— Miss . Beardsley, Miss Joliffe,
at Park Avenue; F.'R. Deremer, at Hoff
man; Miss Fonda, R. J. Fonda and wife,
at Everett; -A. Goldstein, at Bartholdi; D.
T. Hughes, at Metropolitan; F. C. Miner
and wife," at Gerard; E. C. Moore, ¦• Miss
Moore, at St. George; M. C. Parker, at
Gilsey; R. M. Pike, at Holland ; J. Quart,
at Belvedere; H. Schumaker, at Norman
die, C. D. Sloman, at Grand Union; E.
Barrangon, at Broadway ¦ Central.
From San Jose— Mrs. w. L. Pieper, at
Astor. . ~ v
¦ From Los Angeles — Mrs. L. F. Clarke,
at Union Sauare. . ¦¦¦' >
Californians in New York.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.— The following
Californians arrived to-day and registered
as follows:- At the Raleigh— J. T. Mc-
Neeley and wife of 'Los Angeles; W. P.
Smith and E. G. Potter of San Francisco.
At the St. James— Charles S. Gurley of
San Francisco and John E. Boland and
wife of San ; Diego. At the National— E.,
Hilton of Santa Barbara and Miss A.
Ghestnutwood of Stockton. At the Shore
ham—R. L. Springer of Berkeley.
Californians in Washington.
The orator went on to say that in two-thirds of the
cases where prisoners had been taken from the hands
ot officers the capture was due to the fact that the
officers were not unwilling to give up the prisoner.
That willingness, he said, "is due to a false conviction
in the public mind that a Sheriff in resisting a mob
would be fighting not for the law but for some worth
less criminal." Against that opinion it is time for
the conscience of the South to rise in protest. "These
mob executions," he said, "are brutalizing our chil
dren, blunting our religion and undermining our civ
ilization. Can any one in the sound of my voice rise
up and say that this is not so? We are undermining
all noble ideals of duty and manhood. When we sur
render to any local public opinion, which . dom
inates in some places, that a Sheriff is not bound to
take any risks even to loss of life or limb in defense
of a prisoner, we abdicate all our past and. bow 7 down
and worship false and base standards of duty. Why
In response to that plea Mr. Jones said: "Why is
it that of all men on earth who are intrusted with
the keeping of others that a standard of honor must be
made for officers different from all others and that
he should take no risk. We see locomotive engineers
every day standing by the throttle and risking their
lives to save passengers; we have seen -captains of
ships standing on the bridge, that the women and
children might be saved and going down to death in
the waters. What man would have respect for Ala
bama State troops no matter against what- odds if
they allowed- a: mob to take a prisoner from them?
Such a standard as is claimed for Sheriffs has no rec
ognition in any laws of honor. It is a false standard
of duty — if I may be pardoned for saying it — a cow
ardly standard of duty."
OUT of the constitutional convention of-Ala
bama there has come one speech at least that
"reflects credit and even dignity upon its pro
ceedings. It is the speech made by Thomas G. Jones,
a former Governor of the State, in support of a clause
in the constitution providing that any Sheriff or other
officer of the law who fails to protect from a mob a
prisoner in his hands shall be summarily removed
from office. The opponents of the measure had
argued that it often happens officers cannot -protect
prisoners, and that for them to undertake to do so
would be to confront certain death.
THE - OFFICER AND THE LAW.
With, such an amount of money at their disposal
the promoters of the fair are pushing the work .vig
orously. They are determined to make a record for
themselves and for St. Louis by having a]l the build
ings ready in time to open the fair on the date fixed.
Should they succeed in doing so 'they will have ac
complished, a feat of genuine merit. Any kind of a
promoter can undertake a big thing, but it takes
a high order of executive ability, to carry it through
according to programme, and if St. Louis make a
success of the opening she will. have 'a right to crow
over Chicago. ,
The structures to be raised on, that large area are
to .be 'proportionately grand and vast. An ample
supply of money seems to be forthcoming to defray
the expense, cf the ambitious undertaking. It has
been recently, announced that appropriations ac
tually made from various sources amount to very
nearly $17,000,000, and that, without counting what
is^to be done by 'foreign Governments, there is up
ward of $3,ooo,doo more in sight. Of that sum there
came $5,000,000 from the National Government,
$5,000,000 from the city of St. Louis, and various cor
porations, companies and individuals have contrib
uted about $5,000,000 more. Several of the States
have already made appropriations for State exhibits.
Missouri leads with an appropriation of $1,000,000,
Illinois has appropriated $250,000, Kansas $75,000,
Colorado $50,000, and one or two other States have
appropriated amounts ranging from $25,000 up. •
The Centennial Exposition at Philadelphia covered
sixty acres, and^ that was the largest area that was
covered by any exposition that preceded it.' Each
one that followed, however, was upon a larger scale,
until Chicago erected her Columbian Exposition
upon a park of 666 acres, and now St. Louis sets
apart for the World's Fair of^903 a domain of nearly
1000 acres.
UNDISTURBED by the comparative public in
difference toward the Buffalo exposition,
which has thus far made that venture a finan
cial failure, the promoters of the St. Louis exposition
are going ahead upon a programme which if carried
out in its entirety will make that the largest and most
magnificent exposition ever held.
THE ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION.
John Alexander Dowie is evidently doomed to fail
ure in Chicago, for in a recent sermon in that city
he said: "You people who ate pork for dinner to
day, do you know what you took into your system?
I'll tell you. You got tuberculosis, cancer and
scrofula." How cart Chicago be expected to stand
that?
It is reported from England that at a recent meet
ing of the Devon and Somerset staghounds several
ladies took part in the hunt riding astride, and the
impression they made on society was so favorable
that some people believe the side-saddle is doomed.
Major A. W. Wills, Postmaster, Nash
ville, Tenn., arrived in this city yester
day and registered at the Palace Hotel.
He leaves town to-day for the purpose of
inspecting mines in which he Is interested.
Major Wills is senior vice commander of
the G. A. R., Department of Tennessee.
He served In the war'on the staff of Gen
eral George H. Thomas. Major Wills has
taken a prominent part in the develop
ment of the/new South. He Is now presi
dent of the Sheffield Coal,' Iron and Steel
Company.
Chester Donaldson of Managua, Nica
ragua, and J. Fred Appleby, a member of
the Isthmian Commission, are at the Occi
dental.
J. A. Brenti well known among the min
ing men of the northern part of the State,
is a guest at the Palace.
C. C. Van Lien, superintendent of the
State Normal School at Ghico, is regis
tered at the Lick.
Dr. H. G. Bayless, one of the leading
medical men of J^os ' Angeles, Is "at the
Grand.
J. W. Clise, president of the Chamber
of Commerce of Seattle, is at the Palace.
John Fennell, a capitalist of Tehama, is
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Falrchild of Yreka
are at the Grand.
Andrew Muir, the railroad contractor of
w'illits, is at the Lick.
T. B. Rickey, a lumberman of Carson,
Nev., is at the Palace.
Lieutenant H. H. Kipp, U. S. N., is a
guest at the Occidental.
B. Campbell, a railroad man of Port
land, Or., is at the Palace.
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker and
capitalist, is at the Palace.
A. A. McCullouch, a wealthy cattleman
of Stockton, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles. A. Austin of Ho
nolulu are at the Occidental.
W. E. Duncan, a fruit grower of Oro
ville, is registered at the Lick.
The welfare and prosperity of the people south of
us react upon us, and will ever be cherished by us
wisely and, if need be, by a show of power.
The French newspapers are in quite a flurry about
our intentions and are horrified at the signs of our in
tention to grab South American territory, which they
pretend to see. We do not want any South American
territory, but if we did we would take it regardless
of any protest by France, whose attempt to get a
foothold in Mexico is not forgotten, and whose grab
game in Algiers, Madagascar and Cochin China has
disqualified her for rebuking her neighbors. When
national good faith is under discussion it will be re
membered that forger>' in the French treaty of i860
has caused all the bloodshed and horrors in China.
So the Paris press might well go and seek a more
composed frame of mind for the discussion of affairs
in the Western Hemisphere, where the. United States
has and will retain hegemony, in spite of any pro
test by France or by combined Europe.
¦ With South America as much under one govern
ment as North America is under qurs, our position
would be much stronger and safer, because the risk
of European intervention would be less.
This is the tendency for the last thirty years, during
which time Germany and Italy have both undergone
the process of uniting a people of common blood and
language under one rule and one flag. As the popu
lation and power of the Central and South American
countries increase, it is inevitable that the people,
who are of common racial origin and language, will
consolidate. It must be the work of patriots, how
ever, for the politicians want the multitude of small
countries, with their offices and patronage. Senti
ment in the United States is in favor of South Ameri
can consolidation. Our obligations under the Mon
roe doctrine require that we take an interest in
South American politics. The numerous little states
there are always peppery toward each other and
liable at any time to get into trouble with each other
and appeal to Europe for intervention. This we
cannot permit, for we want no European troops
landed in this hemisphere, unless in a war directly
between some nation here and a European power,
and in concluding such action we would veto any
transfer of territory and would spend every military
energy we have in preventing it.
It is probable that "there is a strong revolutionary
element in each country that is determined not so
much upon subversion of the local government as
upon an upheaval that will result in a consolidation
of territory now under three Governments into a na
tion with one Government.
SO far it seems" that the trouble between Venezu
ela and Colombia," with Ecuador making some
fuss on the side, is not in the nature of an out
and-out declaration of war, but the encouragement
of revolutionists within the three countries. Venez
uela has been in a disturbed condition for some time,
and it is believed at Caracas that the Colombian Gov
ernment has helped to push the revolution against
Castro. On the other hand, it is«uspected at Bogota
that Castro has fomented the Colombian revolution.
Just why Ecuador is active does not plainly appear,
since Bogota and Quito have seemed to be- cordial
even beyond the requirements of diplomacy.
THE CENTRAL AMERICAN WAR.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SUTRO BATHS-Subscriber, City. The
building in which the Sutro Baths are lo
cated measures: Length, 500 feet; width,
255 feet. " ,
DESERET— Subscriber, City. Deseret,
which is said to mean the land of the
honey bee, was the name given by the
Mormons to their settlement in Utah in
1S48.
OBEDIENT WOMEN-Subscriber, City.
"We women are born to be obedient to
our husbands, be they ever such block
heads,", is from "Cervanfi^s Don Quixote,"
volume 5.
SWEATING PROCESS— H. B., C. E. L.
and others, City. What is meant in police
parlance by "sweating process" is the
keeping of parties accused of crime in sol
itary confinement and subjecting them to
a severe examination.
SOROSIS— W. R., City. In 1SD3 Char
lotte Crabtree, better known as "Little
Lotta," was a candidate for admission in
the New York society known as Sorosis.
She was denied admission because seven
out of 217 who voted declared that they
would not associate with an actress. It
was stated at the time that "Miss Crab
tree was the peer of those who voted
against her."
HELENA MODJESKA-T. G., City.
Helena Modjeska, actress, was born .in
Cracow, Poland, in October, 1844. Her
maiden name was Opido. Her father was
a noted musician. In I860 she was married
to G. S. Modrzejewski^twhich name was
altered in England to Modjeska). Af te.r
her husband's death she married again.
That was in 1S6S, and her second husband
was Charles Bozenta Chlapowskl. She
settled in California in 1876.
THE STANFORD ORGAN— E. D. City
Murray H. Harris of Los Angeles, who
was interested in thejjuilding of the Stan
ford organ, that was used in the Mechan
ics' Pavilion during the meetings of the
Epworth League, has furnished this de
partment with the following answers to
the questions asked in your letter of in
quiry: Weight of the organ, 60,000 pounds;
weight of the largest pipe, 370 pounds;
welg'it of the smallest pipe, six penny
weights.''
SEALING WAX LANGUAGE— T. Y. L.
City. A meaning has been given to all*
colors of sealing wax generally used, and
that has been called the language of seal
ing wax. In this language, white means
a proposal of marriage, black a message
of death, violet signifies sympathy or con
dolence, chocolate is used for invitations
to dinner, vermilion for business pur
poses, white-ruby, suggestive of a bleed
ing heart, for love letters; green to sig
nify hope, brown to tell of melancholy
blue of constancy,- yellow signifies jeal
ousy. School girls in communicating with
each other use pink and ladles of mature
age use gray in sealing letters of friend
ship.
"You don't mean to say you are going
to have your press censor arrested for
lese majeste!" said the intimate associ
ate:
"Yes, I am," answered the European,
monarch. "I saw him reading an editorial
which contained violent abuse of me. I
am not quite sure whether he was nod
ding approval or going to sleep, but I am
taking no chances."— Cleveland Leader.
Yeast: "You say he's conducting busl
nses on a large scale?"
Crimsonbeak: Yes; ho has to, you
kuovr **
"Because he's in the hay business."
"What time was It," asked the Judge of
the rural witness, "when this affair oc
curred?"
"Well, sir," replied the witness, "ef I
don't dlsremember, it wuz long erbout
fodder-pullin' time."
"But— what time of day was It?"
"It -warn't no time o' day, yer honor,
fer it wuz night time."
"And what time was that?"
"Well, sir, to tell the truth, it vrnz clost
on to bedtime!"— Washington Star.
"It is my opinion," said one sage, "that
a man who has a college degree is very
likely to be successful in life."
/'Yes," answered the other; "and It la a
rule that works both ways. "A man who
Is successful In life is very likely to get a
college degree."— Washington Star.
"Mr. Spudlong," began the youth, hang
ing his hat on the back of the chair. "I
will occupy, only a few moments of your
time. I have come to ask you for your
daughter. I"
"Young man," said the elderly banker,
"do you"
"Can you"
"Yes, sir. I realize fully that she has
been tenderly nurtured and thar* she is
very dear to you; also that her home is
one in which she has been surrounded
with every luxury. But she is willing to
leave It."
"No, sir, I can't quite maintain her in
the. style to which she has been accus
tomed, but I have a good salary and I'm
ready to chance it. So is she."
"Will you"
"Yes, sir, I win keep my life insured for
a sum sufficient to provide for her If I
should be taken away."
"Would you"
"No, sir, I would not expect to live with
*he family. I am able to buy and furnish
a modest home for her."
"Young man," said Mr. Spudlong, look
ing at his watch, "I rather like your style.
You can have her. Good"
"Morning; sir."— Edinburgh Scotsman.
A little maid with a social nature wa3
anxious to come into the parlor when her
mother's friends arrived. Finally mamma
said: "You may come in when the ladies
.are here if you can be quiet, and remem
ber that little girls should be seen, not
heard."
The Httle one pondered for a moment
and then. asked: "But, mamma, what
shall I do with the mouthful of words
I've got?"— Newark Newr.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend'8.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
It Is estimated that the men of Great
Britain spend £250.000 a year on silk hats.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invlgorator.
BestLlver Medicine. VegretableCureforldver Ills.
Blllouaresa, Indirection. Constipation, MaUri'^
KITCHEN CABINET-Subscriber, City.
Kitchen Cabinet" was a name given to
a coterie of the intimate friends of Presi
dent Andrew Jackson who were supposed
Ln^h? m ° r Vr fl^ nCe with the Resident
than his official advisers. They were Gen
eral Duff Green, editor of the United
States Telegram at .Washington, the con
fidential organ of the administration- Wil
liam Jt. Lewis of Nashville. Tenn., second
Auditor of the Treasury; Isaac Hill, edl-
A °L° a £* * n W Ham P shi re Patriot, and
Amos Kendall, fourth Auditor of the
Treasury. To avoid observation when these
men called on the President they entered
his house through a back door. The op
position, believing that the advice of these
men had induced the ' President to turn
outran incumbents and -fill their places
with Democrats, called 'them', in derision
the Kitchen Cabinet.". '
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramp*. Dr.
Siegirt's Uenulce Imported Angostura Bitters.*
PERSONAL MENTION.
Resolved, By the undersigned victims and would-be victims,
that all unmarried ladies be earnestly requested to avoid wear
ing a ring on the finger dedicated by custom to the marriage
band; also, that they take serious chances if they continue to
be attended by the children of their friends. Hopefully,
AARON C. TIMID,
JAMES BLUSHING. '
CORNELIUS Q. MASHER,
N. B.— Engagements in the States need not prove a barrier.
Under the heading ."Associated News Dispatches, by Wire
less Telegraphy," these items appear:
LONDON, July 27.— J. P. Morgan, representing an American
syndicate, has just made John Bull an offer of $100,000,000,000
for his island. If accepted, it is, proposed to use it as a vege
table garden for the Continental market.
WASHINGTON, July 27.— Mark Hanna has announced him
self a candidate for President. Roosevelt is organizing a com
pany of rough riders to hunt down the boom.
MANILA, July 27.— Great excitement among the natives.
They have heard of the teachers coming and are preparing all
sorts of schemes to work them. They expect the Americans to
be very easy.
NEW ORLEANS, July 27.— The Mississippi ha3 risen seven
feet in the last twenty-four hours. Telegraphic reports from
up the river indicate the cause to be the extensive weeping
over the departure of the teachers for the Philippines.
This is one of the publication prize jokes: ,
"Speaking of mustard," said the ex-private at the trans
port dinner table, "the worst I ever had was mustard-in, the
hoQf fv'na mii«tnrH-nn t " •
Whereas. It .would undoubtedly be conducive of pleasure
and profit in soul's wealth to all unattached, were there some
convenient means of. identification adopted by which matrons
may be distinguished; therefore be it
tios were adopted: '
Whereas, There have been seyeral embarrassing incidents
since sailing, due to the uniform attractiveness of both married
and single ladies, and
THE six hundred teachers who are on their way to the
Philippines on the transport Thomas are having a real
Jolly time, according to the Briny Budget, an interesting
•four-page journal that was published upon the arrival of
Uncle Sam's vessel at Honolulu, ./••
A few days out from San Francisco the following resolu-
A CHANCE TO SiMILE.
And here la a sample of the poetry of which several col
unbare printed:
Sweet young teacher
On upper deck see-
Reading a little
Talking between
To nice fellow
On opposite side
Of cabin passage
Not very wide.
She Is trying *
Tj make him believe
~ That she is very
He said, looking round,
• I sec that your booklet
Is upside down."
Of course when sailing over the sea one must be regaled with
fish, stories, "and the following is given prominence in the Briny
Budget:
Some of the passengers have been disappointed because they
have not seen the ocean teeming with whales, sharks, sea
horses and every other creature credited with Inhabiting the
kingdom of Neptune. Jt must be said, however, to the credit
of the officers of the ship, that they have in a measure rnado
up for this disappointment by regaling us with their choicest
stories of adventure with the demons of the sea. The follow
i ing was related to us as a true story. It happened while a
whaling vessel was off the coast of South America. They had
J captured a fine whale which was towed alongside in order to
take oft the blubber.. The sailors were standing on the whalo
with sharp spades cutting off great chunks of the blubber and
throwing them on board. As usual, there was a shark scout
ing around picking up whatever might be dropped, and once,
coming too near, a sailor struck him with his spade, inflicting
a very deep cut in the side. Now, the vitality of a shark is
wonderful. This apparently mortal wound did not even affect
the shark's appetite; but as soon as he swallowed an especially
large piece of blubber, it came j out at his side. Nothing
daunted, the shark again swallowed the blubber with the same
effect. He tried osain and again, and, as the ship sailed away
he was still swallowing the blubber, losing it and swallowing
it again.
HEADING O P TfE IN T E BE ST .N G *S£?^E?aSS5 W" v™^^^SiS^SSSSToSLSS
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT THOMAS, WHO ARE NOW £~N KUUin. J-v xmu
TO EDUCATE THE FILIPINOS.
AT the Eastern elections this year it is probable
there will be more tests than ever before of
.the use of balloting machines. The results
of the experiments thus far made have been encour
aging and as a consequence many towns and cities
that have not yet tried' the new way of voting will
make the experiment this fall.
Most, of "the localities where the machines are to
be tried for the first time are small, but it is probable
¦a test will be made in Boston, and should it be so,
the results will furnish a good basis upon which to
fo'md estimates of the availability of the machines
for cities of the largest size. Massachusetts some
time ego created a State Board of Examiners on vot
ing machines, which must first approve a machine
before it can be used at elections. The board has
approved certain machines and several of. them have
been set up for public trial. Moreover, the Boston
Election 4 Commissioners have made a tour of inves
tigation to the various cities in which machines have
been used, and it is reported that they have returned
strongly convinced of the practical utility and ad
vantage of the machine system.
_ The Commissioners themselves have not yet ma^de
an official report of their investigations,' but it has
been stated by several of them that most of the wit
nesses examined in Utica, Syracuse, Rochester, Buf
falo and other .places were well-nigh unanimous in
favor of the machine. In the report that comes to,
us of the investigation it is stated: "The machines
used find favor, according to these numerous and
credible witnesses, for the reason that they are ac
curate in recording votes and report the result pi
the poll quickly. In the course of the board's journey
Qf inspection and 'information inquiry was made in*
New York^City as to the attitude of city officials with
respect to the machines. They had been on exhibi
tion in Tammany Hall for two years and had been
put to the most trying tests, but* the Tammany, poli
ticians, if was discovered, did not approve of them
for New York City. In the cities visited the machines
have stood the test of several elections and seem to
have passed beyond the experimental stage."
In Pennsylvania the people are to vote at the com
ing election upon an amendment authorizing the use
of the machines. and as a consequence a good deal
of study is being given in that State to the results of
the experiments that have been. already made. • The
amendment does not require the use of the machines,
but leaves it optional with the Legislature. It is be
lieved, however, that if the amendment be adopted
Pennsylvania will soon have a system of machine
voting in operation.
It will be seen then that the movement toward the
new system is moving rapidly. * The machines are
being improved and made more effective with each
succeeding test and it would seem that sooner or
later every progrssive community will have to adopt
them.
VOTING MACHINE TESTS.
Whether Shamrock II lift the cup or not she is
getting compliments enough on her beauty to make
her feel proud of herself. One yachting expert says
she is the cleanest, swiftest and most beautiful look
ing craft that ever or defended the' cup.
The country would be in sympathy with action by
the G. A. R. looking toward such a reform, but it is
doubtful whether it will ever be taken.
The action of that organization upon General
Evans' report will be awaited with great interest.
Any proposition to change our pension policy is
met with stubborn opposition, in the fear that it will
be made less liberal. A reform might be effected,
however, that would make it far more liberal to those
who are "deserving.
Perhaps it will never be done, but if a commission
of independent men could be appointed to review
and revise our whole pension system, pensions
might be limited to actual disability and the amount
saved be added to the pensions of widows and those
whose capacity was really and permanently impaired
in their country's service.
General Evans reports 997.737 pensioners on the
roll, an increase of 4206 over last year, although it
lost by death 38,153. It is interesting to notice that
two of the deaths were pensioners of the Revolu
tionary War, which closed 118 years ago. We may ex
pect, therefore, that under existing laws, for wars
now past, pensioners will be on the roll in the year
2019. Of pensioners of the war of 1812 there died
215, and that war ended eighty-six years ago. The
Spanish war has already added nearly 6000 pension
ers to the roll, not including the claimants from the
Philippines, who are believed to number many
thousands, whose claims will occupy the attention of
the bureau during the coming year, with the result
of increasing the appropriation by several millions,
and making the pension roll more than one million
of persons. Last year 13,334 widows of the Civil War
went upon the rolls.
For non-military folks we seem to be indulging
martial expense rather freely. Of course we omit the
pension payments by other countries, but they are
so small that if counted it would leave our relative
position the same, with Great Britain alone lead
ing-us.
Putting pensions and cost of army and navy into
the annual military budget, we are paying annually
for military purposes the sum of $330,727,878, or
more than any of the military nations pay for their
combined army and navy, except Great Britain* and
she exceeds us by only $13,000,000.
Comparing this payment with the cost ¦ of main
taining their standing armies by the military nations,
it exceeds some of them and approaches the highest.
The annual cost of the Austrian army is $123,000,000;
of the French, $127,000,000; the German, $159,000,
000; the British, $197,000,000; Russian, $166,000,
000; and of our own, $134,000,000. The t cost of the
British navy is $145,000,000; the French, $60,000,
000; the German, $35,000,000; the Russian, $42,000,
000; the United States, $55,000,000.
To inform his fellow veterans and the country as to
the*facts, General Evans has prepared an advance
copy of his annual report for use at the coming na
tional encampment of the G. A. R. A synopsis has
been published, which contains facts and statistics
that may be commented upon. It appears that the
annual pension payment in round numbers in Grant's
first term was $^9,000,000; in his second^ $28,000,000;
Hayes' term, $38,000,000, , when Garfield said.it had
reached high water mark; but in Garfieid's term it
rose to ?59,ooo,ooo, and in Cleveland's first term was
$76,000,000, when Cleveland made a determined stand
against further incre^ge, but was met by a powerful
reaction which carried the appropriation up to $129,
600,000 per year during Harrison's term, and $139,
000,000 during Cleveland's second term; during Mc-
Kinley's first term it was $140,000,000.
PENSION COMMISSIONER, EVANS has
been subjected to almost constant attacks, due
to the charge that his administration of his
bureau is illiberal. He is himself an old sol
dier and a member of the G. A. R., but the most per
sistent demands for his removal have come from that
organization. The charges have been numerous, and
it has appeared that his position has been rendered
intolerable," unless he is a philosopher or the owner
of a resistant nerve as big as the center- pole of a
circus tent.
OUR MILLION PENSIONERS.
Such an Address ;is one of the hopeful signs that
are visible here and there through the- darkness of
the race problem in the Southern States. When brave
men like this former Governor of Alabama speak out
it will not be long before they will have a considerable
following. Should a right standard of official honor
be fixed in the minds of the officers, of the. law not
in the South only but throughout the Union there
will be an immense gain for society. Fortunately,
brave and honorable officers are not rare, but there
are still too many of them who have not learned that
there are times when honor calls upon them to do
their duty even if they die at the post.
should not the Sheriff die at his post as well as the
locomotive engineer or the priest or the doctor or the
soldier?"-
TEACHERS SAILING TO MANILA
PUBLISH THE BRINY BUDGET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, -/.TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1961
-..¦¦• ; c
TUESDAY AUGUST 20, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addnu All Commnaic»tioRi U W. B. LEAKE, Kuiget.
MASAGER'S OFFICE. . . • . ... .Telephone Prew 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press A 201.
EDITORIAIi ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
.. - ... Telephone Press. 202.
Delivered by % Carrier«. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slncle Copied, O Cents. \
» Terms by Mail, Including: Postage: i
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 0 months 300
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday). 3 months 100
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 6->c
SUNDAY CALL One Year ••• 1-50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 100
All postmaster* ire nnthorlied to receive
subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to Eire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway,
C. GEORGE KROCSESS.
Ktttrer Foreign Advertising, Ktqoette Building. Cfckigj.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CAELTOX Herald Square
ICEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
g TEPHEJT B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAXCn OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 3:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fillmore, open until 9. a. m.
6
A-M-rrRTiTvrE-yrrs.
Columbia— "I<ady Huntworth'e Experiment."
Alcazar— "Silver-Mounted Harness."
Grand Opera-house— "Brother Officers."
Central— "Men* and Women."
TlvoIi-"MeflstofeIe. f>
California— "Barbara Freitchie."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
trenins.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Bherman-Clay Hall— Prof eesor Ten-Ichl, the conjuror.
Eutro Baths — Swimming.
State Fair and ExDOsition. Sacramento— September 2 ta 14.
~~~~~' AUCTION SATJ5B.
By S. Watkins— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses and Wagons,
at 11*0 Folsom street.
By Win. G. Layng — Thursday. August 29, at 11 o'clock.
Fine Road Horses, at 721 Howard street.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEATO TOWB FOR THE SUMMER-
Call subscribers contemplating a change of
residence dvrlng: the summer months can, htv«
their paper forwarded by mail to their »ew
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This pajtcr will also be on sale at ail inmaei
resorts and is. represented by a local aftemt 1»
nit tawoi on the coast.Accused Transport Clerk
Tries to Put Blame
on Captain. ;
CLAYTON SAYS
SAFE WAS OPEN
The only route having: through Bleeping
car service between Baa Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher, 12C California street *
The Missouri Pacific Limited."
¦ Rusco Horn and William.' Ferguson, the
two colored non-union teamsters who were
ordered into custody Saturday by Judge
Conlan, as it: was reported: that Peter
Lynch, the striking teamster whom they
shot in the hip at Elevgnth and Harrison
Shooting Teamsters Released.
The grain blockade along the line of the
Pacific Coast ; Railway and at Port Har
ford is becoming serious, not .only to
farmers who are anxious to get their grain
out of the fields, but to the railroad com
pany as well. There are more than 15,000
sack3 of- grain piled up at Los'Olivos
filling the warehouse and platforms and
covering the station platform also. , At
Port Harf ord between 35,000 and .40,000
sacks await shipment and the same con
ditions obtain all ' along the line. A few
small shipments are being made for the
Los Angeles market by steamer from Port
Harford. Local merchants are -getting
very low in stock, although not seriously
embarrassed. ' . " - w
Grain Blockade at Port Harf ord.
Wilson made no complaint to the po
lice, as he feels some satisfaction in being
left in possession of hJs life, even though
the footpads did take .-ill his wealth.
Jack Wilson, who attends to the wants
of thirsty travelers at the Palace Hotel
bar, is now wearing a lip that resembles
an underdone steak and an eye that is
ringed around like the moon . before an
equinoctial storm.
It all happened Sunday night while Jack
was on his way home after a hard day
spent in concocting gin fizzes and other
oooling beverages. He had just reached
tbe corner of Third and Bryant streets,
when two strange men stepped suddenly
out of a dark doorway. Jack doesn't re
member exactly what it was they handed
him. but from the appearance of his face
it may have been anything from a walk
ing beam to a battering ram. In any
evert, it was sufficient to put Mr. Wilson
entirely out of business. When he came
to himself he found that he had been re
lieved of a silver watch and ?9 In money.
Jack Wilson of the Palace Hotel Has
a Very Painful and Expensive
Experience.
ASSAULTED AND ROBBED
BY TWO NIGHT PEOWLERS
Coal Vessels Discharging'.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— A crew of seven
ty-six non-union men is unloading the col
lier "Wellington at James P. Taylor's
bunkers. Two vessels are discharging
coal at the Howard Company's wharf and
one steamer is unloading at Adams'
docks. Taylor has given his* striking
teamsters until; Wednesday to return i to
work, saying he will hire non-union men
unless the teamsters accede.
There was plenty of * life displayed on
the water . front yesterday, not only on
the wharves but about the ships anchored
in the bay. More teams were to be seen
on East street than on any other, day
since the inception of the strike, and it
¦was apparent that special efforts were be
ing made to secure some relief from the
congestion of freight on the wharves.
At the Mall dock everything was bustle
and hurry. The gangs of non-union men
that were at work loading the Acapulco
finished their task and she left for Pan
ama, The men on the Mall dock, rein
forced by twelve Filipinos that' arrived at
noon overland from Portland, started to
work loading the City of Peking: after the
Acapuco had cleared. The Filipinos were
escorted from the ferry to the Mall dock
by at squad of police and went right to
"I got together thirty-five men yester
day and sent them up to Port ! Costa to
work on the vessels tied up there. I don't
anticipate any difficulty in securing all
the help the grain dealers want."
Yesterday morning, however, the dead
lock was broken and launches were Kfpt
busy the entire day gathering men to
gether for a trip to the Contra Costa
wharves. Captain Bennett of the firm of
Bennett & Goodall . met with representa
tives of the firms of Epplnger & Co., Bal
four, Guthrie & Co., G. W. McNear and
Girvin & Eyre, better known as the Big
Four, and agreed to furnish men to load
the deep water ships. Captain Bennett,
in speaking of the success that attended
his efforts, said last night:
Strenuous efforts are being made by the
grain dealers whose ships are tied up at
Port Costa to secure men to, handle tho
cargoes awaiting transportation to the
United Kingdom. Up to yesterday they
had been unable to get the required aid.
Menzies & Co., the firm who for years
furnished the longshoremen to the Big
Four, was appealed to, but It announced
its inability to get men..
for TTiat Purpose.
Force of Men Is Sent to Port Costa
WELL UNLOAD SHIPS.
A conference of the members of the ex
ecutive corrtmittee of the committee of
one hundred of the Federation of Im
provement Clubs was held yesterday at
the office of Attorney H. V. Morehouse.
There were present Joseph Rothschild
Nathan Bibo, M. R. Robert, H. "W Miller
William H. Barnes and H. V. Morehouse'
It was reported that every effort was
being made to secure from the Employers'
Association a promise to mediate on the
subject of the settlement of the strike
but that thus far these efforts have proved
abortive. It was thought the sentiment to
be expressed at the mass-meeting of re
tailers at Metropolitan Hall to-morrow
evening would have a beneficial effect,
and it was decided 1 to aid the retailers In
making the meeting a success.
Mr. -Bibo reported having -attended a
meeting of the executive committee of the
City . Front Federation on Sunday at
which he was assured that the Federation
would gladly co-operate with the Munici
pal Federation in its campaign In- the in
terest of peace between the employers
and strikers. • • "
Other matters were discussed at length
in executive session, the nature of which
was not disclosed.
dred Discuss Strike.
Members of Committee of One Hun-
WANT EARLY PEACE.
The published statement that the reso
lutions offered at the meeting of the Re
tall Trades Association on Sunday were
submitted by C.I L. Barrington was an
error. The resolutions were presented by
Edward' P. Barry of the retail cigar deal
ers. Mr. Barrington, although in accord
with the spirit that prevailed at the meet
ing alluded to, lays no claim to either the
preparation or submission of the resolu
tions in question.
E. P. Barry's Resolutions.
¦The executive committee of City
Front Federation yesterday adopted a res
olution announcing that that body was
willing at any time, to meet any commit
tee of the Employers? Association to dis
cuss plans for the settlement of the
strike. If the association declines to ap
point an arbitration committee, the fed
eration declares its -willingness to treat
with any representative body named by
or having the approval of the association.
Willing to Settle Strike.
In the second place, the Chief of Police has
used the force at his disposal in ' such a
manner as to show either conspicuous unfair
ness or conspicuous incapacity. The • police
have been put on the wagons when there was
no necessity for doing so. We beg: to refer
you to our letters written to his Honor - the
Mayor, in which we show that such a move Is
absurd strategy, but useful to show that the
Police Commission is on the side of the em
ployers. •
In the third place, the Police Commission has
sworn in a large number of special policemen,
In the present struggle between labor and the
employers there has been no breach, of the law.
The men have been absolutely peaceful. Yet
the police department of the city . government
has tried by all means In its power to proclaim
to the world that the city la the scene of riot,
and has taken every measure to make that
proclamation good by using tactics calculated
to lead to a serious breach of the peace.
In the first place the president of the Police
Commission wrote an open letter containing a
number of misrepresentations concerning the
situation. His Honor, the Mayor ' states that
this letter Is unwise and that the statements
in it are untrue. We have twice petitioned the
Mayor to remove Mr. Newhall because of his
evident unfltness for office and because of the
danger of putting power In the hands of , a
man who has shown himself so devoid of pru
dence, of truth and of decency, but in spite of
facts the Mayor has refused to act. „
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors, City
and County of San Francisco — Gentlemen:
We come before you as the representatives of
the workingmen who have been locked out of
employment at the dictates of a secret society
known as the Employers' Association. We
come before your honorable board, not to ask
you to Interfere between our employers and us.
Though the attack has been wantonly j made
upon us, though the employers are using all
means to Injure us, we are able to hold our
own. As long as the struggle is between them
and us we have no fears of the outcome. But
we have a right to fair play. We have a right
that the Influence of the city government shall
not be used against us. and it is to ask you
to vindicate that right we now come before you.
We have already applied to the chief execu
tive of the city for redress, but we have not
found it. Though it may be that you have no
legal machinery in your control to compel
relief, still you are the popular branch of the
city government, you represent the people
directly, and the expression of your opinion in
the form of a resolution cannot fail to have
the greatest weight.
The San Francisco Labor Council filed a
petition yesterday with the Board of Su
pervisors with a request for the Interven
tion of that body In the mattei* of the
petition to Mayor Phelan for the removal
of George A. Newhall as Police Commis
sioner. The council also protests against
the appointment of special policemen. The
petition, which was referred to the Police
Committee," follows:
Special Policemen Filed.
Objections Against Appointment of
LABOR COITNCIIi PROTESTS.
It is likely that next month the club
will hire a bay steamer to convey the
automobiles of the members to Sausalito
or Tiburon for a run over the pretty roads
of Marin County. An Invitation from
Reno, ¦Nev., for the club to send several
machines up to that town was received,
but it is considered that the distance Is
too great for any concerted action on the
part of the club.
President Hyde stated that the efforts
of the club attorney, H. P. Dimond, had
been rewarded by securing the passage of
satisfactory ordinances regulating the
speed of automobiles in ban Francisco,
San Mateo and Santa Clara counties. The
president said that the directors will rlc
vote their attention to securing favorable
legislation in. the counties adjoining San
Francisco and to husbanding the club re-
Fources, and that for the present no social
features will be indulged In. The affairs
of the old club will be continued without
interruption by the new corporation.
A committee consisting of P. F. Rock»tt,
A. G. Brooke-Ridley and S. D. Rogers
was appointed to procure designs for a
club badge.
The Incorporators of the Automobile
Oub of California held a meeting last
night in the office of F. A. Hyde, presi
dent, to organize under the articles of in
corporation. The directors of the former
unincorporated club were elected as a
•joard of permanent directors of the in
corporated organization and all members
of the old club in good standing were
elected members of the new corporation.
The following nc-w members were elected:
E. Jlohrig. Lieutenant J. S. Oyster (U. fi.
A., retired). E. P. Brinegar, George H.
Lent, Elgin E. Stoddard and Henry Crls
ensen of the United States steamer Gen
eral McDowell.
Not Indulge in Social Affairs
for the Present.
Automobile Club of California "Will
At a meeting of the Deyisa'dero Street
Improvement Club, composed of mer
chants and property holders of Devisa
dero and contiguous streets, the action of
the Municipal Federation of Improvement
Clubs In endeavoring to bring about a set
tlement of the strike was indorsed and
the full support of the club promised. W.
S. Upham presided and F. W. Meyer acted
as secretary. The Polk Street Improve
ment Club, organized by the merchants
and property holders of Polk street and
vicinity, at a meeting presided over by
Vice President Nathan , Bibo, was em
phatic in its indorsement of the Federa
tion's action, prominent speakers agree
ing that a continuance of the strike would
result in many failures. The club's dele
gates to the Federation were instructed
to be present at- the meeting this even
ing. . The Municipal Federation of Im
provement Clubs will meet at Saratoga
Tlall, 814 Geary street, this evening. The
committee of one hundred will make Its
report.
Federation Is Indorsed.
CHAUFFEUR CORPORATION
FORMALLY ORGANIZES
Joseph Knight, a colored man, was
brought to the Receiving Hospital about
4:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon from the
Hall of Justice and treated for a couple
of discolored eyes. He claims to have
been beaten by striking teamsters while
driving in the lower part of the city.
Thomas Connolly, a longshoreman, was
brought to the Harbor Hospital from
Vallejo-street wharf last night to be
treated for a lacerated ear and scalp and
a badly damaged nose. He claimed that
three men attacked him as he was leaving
the 'dock and adminiftered the beating
L. Fuchs, a stevedore, working on -the
steamer Sonoma, was knocked down and
brutally beaten last night while he was
on his way home from work by a gang of
strikers. When examined at the Harbor
Hospital it was found that his jaw had
been broken in several places and that his
scalp was badly lacerated.
Charles Johnson, a horse breaker, who
lives at 235 Seventh street, was attacked
by a crowd of men at the corner of Sev
enth and Howard streets at 7:30 o'clock
last evening. Johnson says quite a num
ber of men attacked him, knocked him
down and searched him for a pistol. He
protested, telling them who he was, and
when the pistol was not found the men
walked off, saying they had made a mis
take. Johnson was treated at the Receiv
ing Hospital for a number of lacerations
about the face and head.
With Great Roughness.
Waylaid by "Gangs" and Treated
SEVERAL MEN BEATEN.
City Attorney Lane filed an opinion yes
terday that the city is legally liable for
the repayment of all taxes paid under
protest which grew out of the illegal levy
made by the city for the payment of In
terest and principal on the proposed bond
issues of 1899 when suit has been brought
therefor within six months after pay
ment. All payments not made under pro
test are to be regarded as voluntary pay
ments, for which the city is not to be
held. Payments made under protest upon
which suit was not brought within the
statutory period of six months are barred.
The board may pay these demands when
not so barred out of any moneys available
in the treasury.
streets, was dying, were released from
custody yesterday morning on their
original bonds. The Judge received a cer
tificate from St. Mary's Hospital that
Lynch was out of danger.
City Liable for Bond Taxes.
Supervisor Reed introduced the follow
ing ordinance governing the appointment
of special police officers at the Super
visors' meeting yesterday:
An ordinance providing for the appointment
and regulating the service of special police of
ficers.
Be it ordained by the people ofijthe city and
county of San Francisco as follows:
Section 1. The Board of Police Commission
ers of tho city and county of San Francisco,
upon the petition of any person, firm or cor
poration, may appoint special police officers,
who shall be subject to all the rules and regu
lations of the board.
Sec. 2. Every such police officer shall wear
tho established uniform of a regular patrol
man or police officer, except that the word
"special" shall appear on the police hat and
on the police star.
Sec. 3. It shall be unlawful for any special
police officer to exercise any of the powers of
a policeman except when dressed In the uni
form of a special police officer.
• Sec. 4. Any person violating the provisions
of this ordinance shall be guilty of a mis
demeanor.
. Sec. 5. This ordinance shall go Into effect
immediately.
The ordinance was referred to the Police
Committee.
of Special Police Presented.
Ordinance Regulating Appointment
MUST WEAR UNIFORMS.
Rufus says he is a barber by occupa
tion and until a week ago worked at 13
Mason street, Jle proclaims his- Inno
cence. About eighteen ' months ago he
was sentenced to three months in jail for
annoying a daughter of Robert Taylor on
Stockton street with his attentions. {
Rufus dropped a bundle which he had
in his hand and it was found to contain
two razors, a leather dressing case and a
piece of beaded work for the front of a
lady's dress. The articles were later iden
tified by Attorney Heyneman and had
been stolen from bureau drawers in his
dressing room. •
Through the presence of mind of Mary
Corcoran, an old servant in the employ
of Attorney Alexander Heyneman, 2508
Fillmore street, a man who gave the name
of Julius Rufus was arrested yesterday
afternoon and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of burglary. The family is
at present living at Blythedale and the
only occupant of the house is the old
servant. '» '
t While descending the stairs yesterday
afternoon she heard a noise in the kichen.
She called out "Who is there?" but re
ceived no answer. The kitchen door was
closed by some one and as she opened
the front door she " saw Julius coming
along the alley with his shoes off. She
called for help to men who were working
on the new church at Fillmore and Jack
son streets, who captured Rufus and held
him till Policemen Cochrane and Harring
ton arrived.
man's House.
Breaking Into Attorney Heyne-
Julius Rufus, a Barber, Accused of
DAYLIGHT BURGLAR
CLEVERLY CAPTURED
A similar statement was made by T.
Burns, a trustee of the Shipwrights' Un
ion.
"Of the 176 members of the union who
walked out on May 20 not a single man
has returned to work. It is true some
men went to work ct the Union Iron
Works to-day, but they were not members
of our union. Our men remain steadfast
to the principles of the union and they
have not weakened to date. I do not
know the men who went to work, but
they are not affiliated with our organiza
tion In any manner."
The statement that the twenty-three
men who went to work in the shipyards
at the Union Iron Works were ship
wrights is officially denied by officers of
the Shipwrights' and Calkers' Union No.
9162. When questioned concerning the mat
ter last night Secretary J. D. Duarte of
the union said:
"The story is exaggerated," he said.
"We had watchers at the works during
the morning, and none of them reports
that any such number of molders went
back to work. The statement that 1700
men are employed • at the Union Iron
Works is also untrue. The actual num
ber will not exceed 900. The molders are
standing shoulder to shoulder, and all
are satisfied with the prospects. There
will be no backdown, either by them, or
the machinists."
The people connected with the Iron
Trades Council arc loth to believe that
any striking molders returned to work
yesterday. R. I. Wisler, chairman of the
executive committee of the Iron Trades
Council, denied the truth of the story.
A rumor gained currency yesterday that
many striking machinists had applied to
the management of the Risdon Iron
Works to be allowed to return to work,
but this proved to be untrue. Inquiry at
the works developed that as far as the
molders were concerned, all vacant places
were filled some time ago, and that no ad
ditional men were required. At the com
mencement of the strike the Risdrfn Iron
Works employed 1400 men, and at the pres
ent time 1100 men are at work.
Mr. Scott said further that the situation
was full of promise. He felt satisfied that
affairs would shape themselves satisfac
torily in the near future, and that more
of the strikers would come back before
many weeks had elapsed.
Iron Trades Council Makes Denial.
"The molders had no reason for strik
ing in the first place," said he yesterday.
"No pressure of any kind was brought to
bear upon them to return to the works.
They came back voluntarily. The number
of molders was twenty-one. In addition to
these, twenty-three men went back to
work in the shipyards. Whether these
were strikers or not I do not know. I was
told by a mblder that he and his fellows
returned to work because they were un
able to secure strike benefits from their
union. Most of them are married men,
and I presume they preferred to go to work
tinder the old agreement rather than re
main idle. I know that 90 per cent of the
molders who struck in the Union Iron
Works in May to assist the striking ma
chinists are again at work. About 1700
men are now regularly employed at the
works as against about 3500 before the
strike." <
Henry T. Scott Feels Satisfied.
The official statement of Henry T. Scott,
president of the Union Iron Works, con
firms the story of the return of the strik
ers to their work in every detail. Mr.
Scott expressed great satisfaction at the
change of sentiment in the men.
The incident, which is regarded by the
Union Iron Works. management as indi
cating that the strike is losing strength,
excited considerable comment about the
works. The pickets of the machinists and
molders who lingered outside sought in
vain to dissuade some of the returning
strikers to reconsider their resolution, but
their efforts were fruitless. When the
whistle blew the working force at the
works was increased by forty-four men.
THE machinists' strike, which was
inaugurated on- May 20, received
a serious setback yesterday when
twenty-one molders who struck
In sympathy about the same time
returned to their work at the Union Iron
Works. The men appeared without solici
tation at the works early in the morning,
and each went to his post as if he had
been there every day during the past
three months. At the same time twenty
three other men, including ship" carpen
ters and other mechanics who left the
works In May last, resumed work.
clothing them with the authority of the city
and putting thorn unreasonably at the disposal
of the employers.
We beg to call your attention to the ominous
fact that these men have been picked up from
anywhere and everywhere and that no Inquiry
has been made into their character or fitness
or responsibility. This is a misuse of power
which calls for condemnation especially "from
honorable board. It is a terrible thing
to put the lives of citizens at the mercy of men
whose addresses are not even known, whose
antecedents are a problem and who are practi
cally under no supervision or control. It is
surely your duty to rebuke such an outrage on
the people of this city. The men now deprived
of employment are not transients, loafers or
estrays. This town is their home, here their
families live, here many of them were born.
They are the citizens of this city. Its-peace
and good name "are as dear to them as to any
other class In this community, and for that
reason they appeal to you to express your
sense of the injustice that is done to them by
the retaining of Mr. Newhall as a member ot
the Police Commission, by the employment of
police to do the work of employers and by the
arming of Irresponsible and reckless mercen
aries to -terrorize this peaceful community.
We are respectfully yours.
By order of the San Francisco Labor Council.
ED. ROSENBERG, Secretary.
An effort was made yesterday by the
Machinists' Union to prevent the Standard
Machine Company from repairing the
launch Amy. but it was unsuccessful.
William F. Brusher, one of the members
of the firm which contracted to put the
launch In repair, was summoned before
the union and told that he could not. as a
member of the union, complete the Job.
Brusher was formerly a Journeyman ma
chinist and only lately became an em
ployer. As he was doing the work him
self he contended that the union had no
right to Interfere. After a lengthy argu
ment the members of the union allowed
him to go back to work on the launch.
The George W. Elder was a day late In
arriving at Portland on her trip. The de
lay was caused by the seasickness with
which her entire flreroom crew suffered
when she was but a few hours out. The
men were all non-union men picked up
along the front who had never been
closer to the ocean than the Cliff House
and were totally unfit for service afloat.
The captain of the Elder ran his vessel
Into Drakes Bay and held her there for
twenty-four hours to give the men a
chance to recover from their attack of
mal-de-mer.
The Danish bark Horda. which is en
gaged in hauling railroad ties from Noyo
to Guayaquil, and which as a rule stop3
at this port for coal, was hailed outside
the heads yesterday by her owners and
given orders to give this port a wide berth.
Instructions were given the captain to
proceed to Tacoma. !
Detective Tom Bailey arrested a man
yesterday morning at Bay and Taylor
streets who was trying to dispose of a
wagon tongue which had been stolen from
one of the wagons owned by G. Martili,
who does the hauling for Fontana & Co.
Martili's stables had been entered during
the night and the tongues from two of
the wagons taken. The thief also removed
fourteen nuts from ihe # four wagons-»in
the stable. The nuts were probably thrown
overboard, as no trace of them could be
found. The name of the man with the
wagon tongue was withheld in order that
a thorough investigation might be made.
The Santa Clara, the first of the salmon
fleet to arrive in port, was brought in
from the stream yesterday and moored at
Mission wharf No. 1. A number of men
have been secured by the owners of the
cargo and will be put to work on her this
morning.
James Masse and George Gallagher were
arrested at First and Brannan streets
yesterday morning by Captain . Wittman
and charged with disturbing the peace.
They attempted to interfere with the men
working on the Mall dock.
The unloading of the Umatilla is pro
gressing rapidly and she will soon be
ready to receive the cargo for her next
trip.
AVork is progressing rapidly on the So
noma. She is due to sail Thursday at 10
a. m. and will get out on time. One of
the men working on her . was assaulted
yesterday morning by a gang of strikers',
but he drew his revolver and fired into
the crowd and dispersed them. As far as
could be learned none of the union men
were injured. J. W. Hansen. who did the
shooting, was arrested by Officer McPart
land, but was later released on bail.
The steamer Callfornian, which arrived
in port early yesterday morning, is moor
ed at Mission wharf No. 2. She. will be
compelled to remain idle' until the Orego
nian is unloaded. The bark Snow and
Burgess was .brought in from the stream
yesterday afternoon and tied up at the
Berry-street wharf. A gang of coal hand
lers will start in discharging her cargo of
coal this morning. The Palmyra, having
been discharged at Mission street, was
towed out into the stream. The Foyle
dale, which has been anchored in the
stream for several days, was taken to
South Vallejo yesterday, where she will
load with flour for Europe, and the Anu
bis,- which has been loading at the sea
wall, was taken to the refinery wharf,
where the rest of her cargo will be placed
aboard.
work en the freight that was stored on
the wharf.
To callers Mr. Hewitt said that he hoped
to have all wires under ground by the
opening of the coming year. Work will
be pushed in the direction of getting the
municipal wires, the police and fire de
partment lines under the streets. In the
cables to run over the housetops the lines
of the district messenger service will be
centered for the time. This arrange
ment will clear up all the wires from the
thoroughfares that have been an obsta
cle to the Fire Department when confla
grations occur, and the streets will soon
be entirely wireless above ground except
whera wires run in cables cross buildings
high above the roofs. .
W. R. Hewitt, chief of the department
cf electricity of the municipality, is send
ing out letters to owners of property in
the business sections of the city in which
their views are solicited concerning , the
placing of stations on the roofs of their
buildings to carry cables for the concen
tration of lines of electric wires that are
not to be, immediately placed under
ground. Two sections have been mapped
carefully, after an investigation by the
employes of the department of electricity,
and on the maps are indicated buildings
which seem to be most favorably situ
ated for the location of the cable-bearing
structures that have been devised. In re
sponse to the letters a steady stream of
property owners poured into the offices of
the department at No. 9 Brenham Place
yesterday, and Mr. Hewitt was kept busy
all day making explanations. .
The resolution authorizing an expendi
ture of $2000 to provide better quarters
for the insane detention hospital was re
ferred to the Finance Committee.
The roadway of Golden Gate avenue,
between Devisadero and Broderick streets,
was fully accepted.
The contract for furnishing twenty
three book typewriting machines in the
Recorder's office was awarded to the firm
whose machines have been used on trial
for eight months past.
The board granted another special per
mit, in violation of the charter, for an
encroachment on the sidewalk in front of
a store on Post street.
An ordinance authorizing the Mayor to
lease for a term of three years for the
purpose of a sailors' home the premises
at Harrison and Spear streets was passed
to print. The lease will be made at pub
lic auction to the highest bidder and will
contain the express provision that no in
toxicating liquors shall be sold on the
premises.
The Board of Works was directed to re
move certain fences in the Bay View and
University Mound districts.
The resolution directing the Board of
Works to remove abandoned street rail
way tracks on Tehama street, between
Third and Fourth, was adopted.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club was
granted a permit for a boxing exhibition
on August 27.
The City Attorney was directed to ad
vise the board as to what progress if any
has been made in the actions against the
Pacific States Telephone Company for
back license taxes, now pending before
the Superior Court. McCarthy referred to
the frequent delays in bringing the case to
trial.
Delay in Telephone Suits.
Consideration of the ordinance went
over, and in the meantime the companies
will be requested to furnish the informa
tion in reply to a pet of questions con
cerning the cof t of construction and other
data in connection with their roads.
Attorney Foulds of the Market Street
Railway Company argued from a legal
standpoint that the board had no power to
increase the license tax on street cars
when it is specifically provided for in the
franchise. Foulds arpued that the street
railway companies already pay their full
proportion of taxes for the support of the
city government.
Supervisor McCarthy urged the passage
of the ordinance because none of the
street railway companies had responded
to a written request for information con
cerning their financial condition with the
exception of the Union street road.
The ordinance Increasing- the license on
etreet cars from $15 to $30 per annum was
laid over for one week after a long dis
cussion.
Resolved, That the attention of the Board
of Works is hereby called to the provisions of
the specifications which provide a penalty to
be imposed if the contractors do not properly
carry out the contract; also to direct its in
spector to report any violation of the provis
ions of the specifications in order that eaM
fines may be Imposed.
Whereas. Complaints have been made that
the contractors for cleaning and sprinkling the
streets do not use sufficient water, thereby
causing dust to arise.
Action on the following resolution was
postponed until the opinion of the City
Attorney Is filed:
Whereas. Gray Bros. have violated their
contract with the city and county for the
sweeping of certain portions of the streets of
San Francisoo. in the following particulars:
First— By not sweeping the streets properly,
second— By not sweeping: all the streets con
tracted to be ewept. Third— By working their
men over eigrht hour* a day; and.
Whereaa. It is expedient that the city do its
own street sweeping; now therefore, be It
Resolved. That th« contract with Gray
Bros, b* deemed at an end because of Its eald
violation and the Board of Public Works is
hereby directed to proceed to eweep the streets
by day labor In the employ oi the city and
county.
Complaints About Street Sweeping.
A resolution xas presented yesterday in
the Board of Supervisors by Reed declar
ing the contract of Gray Bros, for clean
ing the streets forfeited and directing the
Board of Works to perform the work for
the city. The resolution, -which was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee pend
ing the receipt of an opinion of the City
Attorney as to whether the firm named
has \-iolated the contract, follows:
THE principal development in the strike situation yesterday was the return to work of twenty-one mold- •
ers and twenty- three mechanics at the Union Iron Works, all of whom went out in a sympathetic
strike in behalf of the machinists in May last. The fact that the men returned to their stations -with
out solicitation by the management of the Union Iron Works and voluntarily agreed to stand by the
schedule in force before the strike is regarded by those interested in tho iron trades as a virtual ac
knowledgment of the failure of the machinists' strike, and the belief is growing that the end is fast ap
proaching. . . i ' \ ' ' -
The tie-up of gTain vessels at Port Costa was slightly relieved yesterday when thirty-five men
were secured to go to that place to engage in the unloading of grain vessels. The principal grain dealers
in this city are confident that in the near future a sufficient force can be secured to answer all require
ments, and thereby relieve the congestion of traffic which was the inevitable result of the strike. On the
other hand the strike leaders declare their cause will suffer no material damage by reason of the action* of %
the grain dealers in sending the men to Port Costa.
The Labor Council filed a petition with the Board of Supervisors requesting that body to take a
hand in the matter of the petition to Mayor Phelan for the removal of Police Commissioner Newhall. The
council also protests vigorously against the appointment of special policemen at a time when, according to
the views of that body, no valid reason for their appointment can be advanced.
At the meeting of the Board of Supervisors, Supervisor Heed introduced an ordinance requiring
all special policemen to wear uniforms, and directing that they shall be distinguished from the regular
officers by wearing a star bearing the word "special." The ordinance confers the right upon the Police
Commissioners to appoint special policemen on the petition of any person, firm or corporation, but all such
officers shall be subject to the rules and regulations of the department. The ordinance was referred to the
Health and Police Committee. .
INTERESTING LOCAL STRIKE DEVELOPMENTS.
Action on Proposed Increase
of Street-Oar License
Postponed.
Structure Is Devised That
-Will Give Overhead
Wires Support
Supervisor Reed Would
Have Grays' Contract
Forfeited.
Business Blocks Owners
Are Invited to
Conference.
HEWITT CHARTS
ROOFS OF CITY
WANTS STREETS
SWEPT BY CITY
THTD SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1901.
After Nearly Three Months of Idleness Strikers Desert Union
> Cause, and More Are Expected to Follow Their Example Soon.
Force of Men Sent to Port Costa to Unload Grain . Vessels
FORTY-FOUR MECHANICS RETURN
TO LABOR AT UNION IRON WORKS
Myrtle Harlow has been granted a di
vorce, from Fayette M. Harlow on the
ground of willful neglect. Suits for di
vorce have been filed by Elma R. Hamlin
against Nelson C. Hamlin for failure to.
provide, and William F. Davenport
against Lillian Gertrude Davenport for
cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
The examination of Charles L. Clayton
for embezzlement was had yesterday be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock. Clayton was quartermaster's
clerk on the ttansport Sheridan and left
the vessel sudJenly after having been in
formed that another clerk had been ap
pointed in his place. His books were ex
amined and v it was found that he was
short $1261 90 in his cash. Clayton was
arrested a day or two afterward by Se
cret Service A?ent Hazen. who found him
drunk in the bou3e of a lriend on Castro
street.
George D. Collins appeared for the pris
oner and Assistant United States Attor
ney Banning for the Government. Clay
ton put in the defense that on going -to
the office on board the transport on three
different mornings he had found the safe
unlocked. It had been left so. he said, on
the previous vi'ght. either by himself or
by Captain Miles— he could not say which.
His counsel inferred that Captain Miles,
having had access to the safe, was just
as responsible icr the safe keeping of the
money as was Clayton.
The case will be argued on Wednesday
at 2 p.m.
Claims Miles Is Equally Re
sponsible for Loss of
Coin.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE — -
Pacific Surety
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December. |
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that i
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions cf Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, ¦ condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash $250,000 00
ASSETS. ~ ' ""
Real Estate owned by Company $4,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 166,111 03
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 82.S9O 55
Savings Banks deposits 62,931 81
Cash In Company's Office i>29 90
Cash In Banks 9,874 70
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans l,S63 31
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 7S8 60
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 6,»>S4 09
Total Assets ..$323,374 02
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense $2,5(10 CO
'Losses resisted, including expenses 1,700
Gross premiums on Risks running one
- year or less, $ ; reinsurance
EO per cent 23,G33 23
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; re-
Insurance pro rata 3,$63 40
Total Liabilities $33,707 63
INCOME. ~~ :
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $30,644 87
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 12.C52 90
Received for interest and dividends on '
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 5.6S0 10
Received from all other sources 491 53
Total Income $68,849 40
EXPENDITURES. :
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ losses of previous
years) $3,929 SI
Dividends to Stockholders 13,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 6,701 37
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 13 437 23
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 3.739 41
All other payments and expenditures.. 11,945 93
Total Expenditures..... $33,773 77
- WALLACE EVERSON. President.
A. P. REDDING, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
flay of January, 1901. M. M. RHORER,
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Cash Assets July 1, 1901 9342.OOO
GUARANTEE AND CASUALTY,
Bonds of Surety. Ship. Steam, Boiler
and Plate Glass Insurance.
Head Office : 326 Montgomery Street,
San Francisco.'
PALACE
. „_ These hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
ists and travelers ap-
rDiMn predate— central loca-
U***^ 1 " Won, liberal manage-
HATPT C merit, modern appoint-
nUlJuLo, ments and perfect cul-
Elne.
Son American, and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco.
• AMUSEMENTS.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
DANIEL FRAWLEY
— - PRESENTS
"BROTHER OFFICERS."
. A Comedy In Three Acts, by Leo Trevor.
Oo THDRSDAT EVENING, Aug. 22, a HAND-
SOME SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH of
.. , MISS VAN BUREN will be given -.-:.
to each lady present.
PRICES......' .....10c, 15c, 2Sc, 60c, 75c
. Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
Next Week— "LORD AND* LADY ALGT."
PROFESSOR TEN-ICHI,
The clever and ' well-known conjuror from
Japan, will give
TWO ENTERTAINMENTS
MONDAY, August 19, TUESDAY, August 20
At SHERMAN, CLAY & CO/S HALL, Sutter
- . Street. . -
Patronized by , His ' Imperial Japanese Majesty.
-;,, ADMISSION 25c and- 50c.
••_¦-. J : . Doors Open 7:30 p. m.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
flOUniinD Admission lOc.
Fannie Raymond, Camelia and Amellta, Paul
La " Croix, P. A. Dunsworth. ¦Coleman and
Mexls, Leo and Munroe, Hooley and Kelton,
Jones and I Brown and Hinrichs" Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. , Matinee Sunday.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTORS INDORSE HERPICID3
Because Its Formula Is Submitted to
Them. ?.
Alexander McMillian, . M. D., a promi-
nent physician of r Lansing 1 , Mich., writes:
"On three "cases" I "have tested Heipic^de'
for dandruff, and the result has been all
that could be desired."
Herplcide is made upon an entirely new
principle, that Is, that dandruff and fall-
ing hair are caused from a-microbe that
Infests . the hair, bulb,: and -by destroying
the "one's hair is bound to grow
luxuriantly.; Herplcide Is the only hair
remedy. that^claims, to and really does de-
stroy the dandruff germs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JuSM CARTELS
8I&OEADAGHE
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Heart*
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea. Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. - They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable-
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
AMTTST.TVrP.ITTS.
f*ftl SliflSJl SM FHMC5C0-S
IpUL.UIYIIS»!.A LEADING THEATRE
EVERT NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAYS
DANIEL
FROHMAN'S
COMPANY
From Daly's Theater, New York. Including
HILDA SPONG,
In the Great Comedy Success.
LADY HUNTWORTH'S EXPERIMENT.
By R. C. CARTON,
Author of "Lord and Lady Aljry." "Liberty
Hall," "The Tree ot Knowledge" and
"Wheels Within Wheels."
POSITIVELY THIS WBFK ONLY.
A GLORIOUS WELCOME.
MR. JAMES AND THE
IMF?!! / neill
M W ffn • M JiswiLw COMPANY.
— PRESENTING
"BARBARA FRIETCHIE."
(Public Demand.)
Evening.... 23c, 35c, 50c. 75c. tl M
Saturday Matinee »5c soc 73c
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.'
25c and 5Oc
, NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
ROSEMARY."
SEATS THURSDAY.
S£*C MH. 2? J& 73>
r^HiATRrMl
LAST WEEK.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Charlotte Thompson's Success,
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
¦ Next Week— Florence Roberts.
-"ROMEO AND JULIET"
A ** Ktvm orrtuiti
TO-NIGHT— Every Evenln? This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Superb production of Belaaco and De Mille'a
Powerful Drama,
Men and Women,
A Great Cast— First Appearances In San Fran-
cisco of the Talented Actress,
3VHSS ANNETTE MARSHALL
PRICED Evenings 10c, 15c, 23c, 33e. 50o
1U1VLJ Matinees.... ioc, 15 C> 25o
Next Week— "THE TWO ORPHANS."
EVENINGS AT 8 ¦SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GRAND OF»ERP\,
To-Nlght. Thursday. Sunday Nights and Satur-
day Matinee.
Tremendous Scenic Production of Bolto'a
Great Classic.
....• MEFISTOFELE.....
FIRST TIME AT THIS HOUSE.
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, Rossini's
....BARBER OF SEVILLE....
POPULAR PRICES 23c, 50c and Too
>"-";-''.' Telephone Bush 9.
THE BEST YET!
TO-NIGHT ! JTJVI. I. NIGHT !
The Cragg Family, Louise Thorn-,
dyke Boucicault and Co., Rich-
ard Jose, The 4 Otts, Iiefebre's
Saxophone Quartet, Chas. H. Brad-
shaw and Company, Bemarc and
Rilay, Sill and Silviany, and the
Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Open
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
Gattle and #oi\se "5fL u -¦
OAiar Contests. -
>^- r^SVWHE AKg i? n !U^
gvGV^ Exhibits
Carried. Freest *
fan particulars Write./
6eoWJackson. M^preckelv
. ">SECTY., PRMIOCNT." ,
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing; from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
¦""¦ ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing, including admission, 2oc; children, Ko.CLOSING.
Import into j United Kingdom, , wheat. ,441, 000:
import Into . United Kingdom, flour 244,000:
wheat and flour on passage to United Kingdom..
2,970,000; wheat and flour on. passage -to conti
nent. 2.110.CCO.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 19.— Wheat, quiet: No.
1 Standard' Calif ornla. 6s l^d; wheat In Paris,
dull; flour In Paris, dull; weather in England,
fine. , Cotton, Uplands, 4s 9-16d.'.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. : ' Dee'.
Opening .; 5 714 ¦ 5 9Vi
Closing 5 7% 5 9 l i
PARIS. • •'•
Wheat— . . . A us. . Nov. -Feb.
Opening 22 60 23 35
Closing ...'. 22 50 23 35
Flour— " ' ¦ • ; -
Opening ..'. 28 -1.-| . 29 60 ¦ •
Closing..; 2S 30 23 io ¦
Articles— -Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 23,0'DO 1
Wheat.' bushels 237,000 ' 17,000 ;
Corn, bushels ....1S4.000 171,000
Oats, bushels 372.000 362,000
Rye, bushels 14.000 2,00c'
Barley, bushels .......29,000/ .7-15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creams. 14@21c: dairies, "
13@18c. Cheese, 9Vi®10V4e. ' Eggs, easier, 14c.
Visible. Grain Supply:
., NEW TORK,- Aug. 19.— The statement 'of the
visible supply of grain in •¦ store and afloat on
Saturday," August. 17, as complied by the New
York Produce Exchange.' is as fallows: -'
¦ 'Bushels. ' Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 26,770.000 ....."..'¦ 1,443,000
Corn...'........:... 12,783,000 .'..' -' 513,000
Oats .:... ...5,447,000 ; 1,002,000 ..;.-.:.
Ryev.;:. 1 - 953,000 . . .213,000 ¦ ~ ......'.
Barley .....232,000, v :.' . 68,000
: iftf; Foreign Markets.
LONDON,... Aug. ¦ ; 19.— Consols, . 94U; silver,
26 15-15d; French Rentes, lOlf. 65c. Cargoes, "on
passage..: quiet ; and.;. steady- cargoes.- No.., 1
standard California,. 28s -16d; - cargoes ; Walla
Walla. 2Ss 3d; EnsllEh country, markets, firm:
"PEARS— Bartletts. 75c® Jl 25 per box for Noi :
i; :25i350c for No. 2 and f30@35 per. ton; other
Pears, 20®35c per box. ,"-¦¦.. .. . •
NECTARINES— White," 50c per. box: Red,
35©S5c. . . ' ; ¦ '.. - • '. " •
PEACHES— $25(S60 ' per .' box '" and 20@35c ' per
basket ¦ and ; $lo®25. per ton for Frees and $30$
45 for Clings; Peaches In carriers,* 50@S3c, ac
cording to size of carrier. . ' ;
PLUMS— 30©75c per- box: Prunes. 40@75c per
crate; Green .Gages, "$15@20 > per ton; Eks
Plums; $10fP20. ¦ ¦ < ; . '.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES — 75c@$l per box for good to choice
and 30«S;60c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 40c@$l 25 per box, according
to package." ¦-.'.' \
"Watermelons are quieter and lower owing
to the cold, foggy , weather, and Cantaloupes
and Nutmegs are also in. diminished demand
from' the same cause. Grapes keep up, arriv
als continuing moderate. •-¦-,-•
There is ¦ not -much change in tree fruits,
supplies about balancing, the demand.
Quinces have appeared, selling at 50c per
box. ¦-¦¦.¦ ... :.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW TOnK. Aug. 19.-DealingB \ in stocks
to-day were too 6mall to offer a broad basis
for generalization. But the fact is significant
that very few stocks were offering for sale,
holders apparently being content to retain their
holdings in spite of bome of the developments
unfavorable to values, so that the demand,
though small, was eufficient to overcome the
opening decline and establish a higher range
of prices than those at the close of last week
The additions to the ranks of the striking
steel workers over Sunday were responsible
for the opening heaviness, not only in those
stocks, but in .the, general list. The interes-ts
involved in the strike are so large that its
vicissitudes affect the values of all securities.
The market guardians for the steel stocks sup
ported them and the starting of some of their
mills. had a reviving effect. • But they did not
fully rhare In the • later recovery- of the mar
ket, which carried fome/if the railroad stocks
fubrUntiaKy over Saturday's! prices. The ac
tivity land' strength was confined to a 'few
f-tocks cnly and was apparently due to causes
individual to tho&e otocke.- -Norfolk and West
ern was most conspicuous under the influence
of the net earnings of the company for the
fiscal year, showing, a Eubstantlal surplus over
the present dividend rate. Chesapeake and
Ohio rose to a less extent In sympathy. The
buying of these stocks was attributed to Phila
delphia account. The figures of the coal ex
port trade published this morning, showing the
value of coal exports doubled since 1897 and
the amount more than trebled since ,18*1, were
aa influence In the ttrentth of these stocks.
New York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 69©70Hc; No. 2
red. 71V4c; No. 2 yellow, 58@5S%c; "No. 2 oats,
36%@37c; No. 2 white, ZVMWv, No. 3 white,
3S^@39c; No. -2 rye, 59c; fair to choice malt-
Ing barley, 60©63c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 61: No. 1
Northwestern, '$1 64%; prime timothy seed, $5 25;
mess pork, per barrel, $14 45@14 50; lard, per
100 pounds, $8 S2'/4@8 95; short ribs sides (loose),
$8 15CTS 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7^4
@7',4c; Ehprt clear sides (boxed), $S 70@S 8C;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 29; clover, con
tract grade, $10(3:10 25. ¦:
While dealers are quoting a quiet market
for Eggs • prices are slightly firmer, as . will
be seen. Butter is quiet and .unchanged. Both
Butter and Eggs ' are being taken out of cold
storage to supply the deficiency In fresh goods
Cheese continues very firm, with light stocks
Receipts were 26,800 pounds of Butter, 517
cases of Kggs, 8200 pounds of California
Cheese and. 5000 pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 23@24c per lb for tancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy, 16S20c; stors
Butter. -12tt@15cper.lb.- . -
CHEESE— New. 10@llc: old, nominal: Young
Americas. ll^HHc Per lb: Eastern, 13@15c.
¦ EGGS — Ranch, 22@25c for good to fancy;
storu, 15@20c per . dozen; Eastern, lo@20c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. Aug. 19.— Features of import
ance were lacking In local metal circles to
day. Information from abroad furnished little
In the way of buying or selling motives, as
prices at London were unchanged from Fri
day's close, being quoted at £115 15s for spot
and £111 10s for- futures. Here the market
closed at $26^26 50 for spot. . Copper in London
advanced 15s to £66 15s for spot and £67 2s 6d
for futures. Locally the market was nom
inally unchanged at $16 50@17 for lake . and
$16 37Vj@16 62^ for casting. Lead was dull and
unchanged here at $4 37lfe, while prices at Lon
don declined Is 3d, closing at £11 10s. Spelter
a.t Ne^York was 2% points -better to-day in
sympaWy with a similar advance In London
the close- being firm here at $3 92l&@3 97^ and
at; £17 :2s. fed in- London for spot. Iron wat
again. dull and nominally unchanged at $3@10
for pig iron warrants; Northern foundry, $15@
1Z 50; No. 2 foundry, Southern, .$14©14 50; No.
1 foundry,' Southern,- $14 75®15 25r No. 1'foun
dry,' Southern, soft. $14 75@15 25. . Glasgow war
rants -closed at 54s 4d and Middleboro at
46s - Zd. . - ¦ -
New York Metal Market.
TVRAT. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
Levis. lot on N line of Ellis street, 20 W of Bu
chanan. W 40 by N 75; — .
City and County of San Francisco to Ellen
Sullivan, lot on N "W line of Ellis and Buchan
an streets. W 20 by N 75; — .
Letltia T Sawyer to Elizabeth Proctor, wlfs
of Joseph Proctor, lot on N lrne of Pine street,
145:10% W Steiner. W 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Nathan Davis to David I. Mackey, lot on
S line of Oak street, 1C0 E of Broderlck, E 25
by S 1.17:6: SI.
David I. Mackey to Caroline Jacobs (wldow>.
lot on S line of Oak street. 100 E Broderlck. E
25 by S 137:6, quit claim deed: $10.
Dledrich N. Schumacher to Heinrich D. Schu
macher, re-record 1391, D. 52, lot on W line of
Valencia street. 200 N Nineteenth, N 25 by W
100: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Abbi»
R Wood (executrix estate of J. M. Wood), lot
on N line of Dorland street. 114:1% E Church.
E 4S, N 162:6. W 48. S 158:3: also lot on N W
line of Dolores and Dorland streets. N 54:0 ! 3 .
W 125:3\4. S 42:9. E 123:6%; also lot on SET lin»
of Sanchez and Dorland streets, E 104, S 51.
W 1C0, N 54:2; also lot on S line of Eighteenth
street, 100 w Guerrero, S 213, W 54, N 113. E 24,
N 100, E 30; also lot on N line of Nineteenth
street. 245 E Dolores. E 25 by N 100: — .
Fernando and Julia A. Xelson to Charles E.
and Ada V. Benedict, lot on N line of Eigh
teenth street. 100 W Noe, W 25 by N 100: $10.
Ello L. and Adam Smith and Susie P. Rob
erts to Terence Derham. lot on E line of Do
lores street 122 N Twenty-fourth. M 61 by E
117:6; $9900.
. Anna and Adolph Petry to Mary Tripp. lot
on N line of Twenty-fifth street, 230 E Noe, E
°Hibernla s'avin'gs and Loan Society to C. E.
Xewman lot on W line of Sanchez street. 101:6
S Twenty-second. S 50 by W 105: $2701
John J and Annie Fallon. by H. P. Umbsen.
to Robert Trost, lot on S line
of Twenty-ninth street. 230 W Noe. W 2o by
S 114* J^**91
Samuel" R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks et
als by John T. Harmes, Gustav H. Umbsen
and Peter J. Sullivan (referees) to Joseph
Goetz lot on W line of Dupont street. 63:3 S of
Clay. 'S 22:9 by W 110: $17,250.
Gregory O'Connell or Frank Greg and Rose
O'Connell to William F. Goad, lot on SE \Tt\e
of Howard street. 125 NE of Second, SW 30 by
SE 30; ?10.
Alice M. Smith (wife of J. R.) (Thompson)
to Peter Rasmussen. lot on NW line of Rhod*
Island and Twenty-fifth (Tolo) streets. N 25
by W 75: J10.
Fetre M. Sorensen to Catherine Ryan (wif'» .
of William), lot on S line of I street, 82:6 E of
Twelfth avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10. •
Builders' Contracts.
Louisa Oestlng (owner) with W. H. Bagge
(contractor and architects All work for a
three-story frame building (three flats) on W
line of Woodward avenue, 170 S Thirteenth, 3
30 by W 83; $4500.
Business was very quiet on the exchanges
ana prices showed no changes worthy of note
The assessment of lc on the San FrnnrUm
Grocers' Oil Company was del nquent yesterday
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES . BONDS.
Bid.Ask. . t>|j . .
4s quar coup.. 113 113% 4s qr cp (new)m 138
4a quar reg. ...113 113*t 3s quar coup. lOsSfc _
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
r»l£ S?t 5S -??$~ ; °, ceanIc SS 5*-102Vil03
n r -k* ¦•r-}V'f~ Omn »>u g C 6s. 131 _
C C Water 5s. 107% — , Pac G Imp 4s — 100
Ed L & P 6s.l2S%133% Pk & Cl H 6s"lO8 1121-
Fer.&Cl-R 6s. 117% ~ Pk & O R 6s 117 -*
rvC 5'49-106% — Sac E G R 5s So —
l^lVSiF 1^ 1
LA Light 6S.101U — S P of A 6s
Dogntd 6S...10O — (1909) ll?l'
Do sntd 5s.. 102 - i9ioJ ' H«£
L A & Pac 53.101 103 S P of" T^ * "
Do 1 c m 5s.l23%124' / i (lDOS) Sej- AIM im
Mkt-st Cab 63.127% -I" IS |£ t:\m U 
. Do 1 c m os. — 124% .(1306> u» ii->s,-
Nev C N G 7s. 105 114 19$ &,>"-*
N R of Cal 63.112 - S P of Cal "lit ~
Do 5s. .....V.119U -'¦ c B ntd5l.^l07 -
Nor Pac C 6s.l01%104 S P Br Cat 6s! 136 - '
Do 5s .....;. .106. — s V" Water 6s 114V. —
Nor Cal R 5s.H0 113 Do 4a .• : 1ir£ -
Do Water 5s. — ; ' — ¦ ¦
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST 19.
Flour, qr sks 10, 470 (Wool, bales .... 15c
Wheat, ctls 9.610 Sugar, ctls 1751
Barley, ctls ....... 1,150 Wine, gals 10600
Oats, ctls 1.80O Leather, rolls 73
Beans, sks S Potatoes, sks .... 9 S77
Rye, ctls 200 Quicksilver, flsks 12
Onions, sks l,816JPelts, bdls .... 40^
Bran, sks 900iHldes. No '.'.'. 430
Middlings, sks 150|!Tallow, ctls 221
Hay,- tons ..?..... 614. Raisin, bxa sco
Straw, tons 51
Receipts of Produce.
\\ EATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister— rrunes ripening; light crop, but
Hanford— Weather favorable for all crops
Napa— High fog in morning; fruit ripening
San Jose-Fog in early morning; peaches
ripening fast: good quality. «."»
Riverside— Late orangres nearly all harvested.
Palermo— All crops are doing well.
\ er.tura— Weather continues favorable to all
Kinas of crops.
Santa Maria— Water flowing In dry river bed
indicative of heavy mountain showers in last
lew da;s. A. G. McADIE.
Section Director.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, Sl@l 25; Hare $1@
1 50; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 . for Cottontail and Sl@
1 25 for Brush. , ¦ . '
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in, sell-
Ing as follows: Hens, $5@5 60; old Roosters,
S4 50@3: Fryers, S5 50; large Broilers, $3 50@4;
small do, $2 50@3; old Ducks, $3 50; Geese
Jl 50. '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8@9c for Gobblers
and 9@10c for Hens: Geese. • per pair J1®1 25-
Goslings/Si 12%@1 37%; Ducks, $2 50©3 for old
and S3@4 for young; Hen3, S3 50m ; young
Roosters, $3®6; old Roosters, $3 50@4: Fry
ers, $4 ; Broilers, S3@3 50 for large and $2
©2 50 for small: Pigeons, SI 50@l 75 per dozen
for old and SI 25@1 50 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Aug. 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 2400; market steady to weak. Natives,
$3@6; Cows and -Heifers, ?1 25@o; Bulls and
Stags, S2(ft'4 75; stockers and feeders, |2®4 #
veals. $2 23@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 2700; ' market 5c higher.
Light and light mixed, $5 75@6 17%; medium
and heavy. $6 03^6 20; pigs, ?3@5 15; bulk, $6
SHEEP— Receipts, 5S0; market, active, steady.
Natives, $5@3 05. . - ,
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO. Aug. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 20,
000, Including 1500 Tflcas and 250O Westerns.
Steers, lCCgloc higher; butchers' stock, strong
to'lOc higher; fed Texas, 10® 15c higher; grass
ers, firm; Westerns, active, steady to strong.
Good to prime Steers, $5 50@6 40; . poor to
medium, $3 75@3 40; stockers and feeders, $2 25
(54 40: Cows and Heifers, $2 50<go 25; canners' ¦
$1 50<5"2 50; Bulls, $2 2o(fti 50; Calves. $3@5 75;
Texas Steers, S3 60@5 10; Western Steers, ?4@
5 10. '.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 31.000; to-morrow.
18,000; estimated left ; over, 5000 head. Market
active to 7%c higher. Mixed ¦ and butchers',
S3 60W6 22%; good to. choice heavy, $5 7O@6 30;
rough heavy, S5 55(fi5 65; light, S3 60ig6 10; bulk
of sales, S3 S5@6 12%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 19,000. . Choice, firm:
others, slow. Good - to choice Wethers, $3 30{ip
4: fair to choice mixed. $3^3 40; -Western Sheep
$3 25®4; yearlings, S4 20@4'30; native Lambs, S3
(go 25; Western Lambs, $4@5 25. , •
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Markets. \
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75% — [Spring Valley. Mtf -
Mar in County. 50 — I >
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L ft P... 4 5 Pac Light — —
Equitable 5 5% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 5H ( S F G & E.... 38H 3?
Oakland 51% — San Francisco.* 4% 4H
Pac Gas Imp.. 33 — Istktn G & E.. • —
INSURANCE.
' Flrem's Fund. — 247 I
Anglo-Cal 77 81 L P & A 135 180
California 404 406 Mer Ex (llq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — S F National.. 12314 —
First National. 305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1880 — lSav & Loan.... — —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual Sav 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.520 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130 - ,0 3 1.4 H-... 40 —
Geary. — 50 Presidio — .40'
Market 77% 7S%«
POWDER.
Giant 75% 76 IVigorlt «H V&
.SUGAR.
Hana .......... « 6% Kilauea 12% 13
Hawaiian — 51 Makawell 28 2S
Honokaa 14% — Onomea 24 28
Hutchinson ... 13% 14 Faauhau 14% —
MISCELLANEOU S.
Alaska Pack..l28%129% Oceanic S Co.. — —
Cal Wine Asn. — 99 Pac Aux F A.. 2 —
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97% Pac C Borax... 165 —
Mer Ex 110 — JPar Paint 1* —
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Bank of California ...403 00
1 Bank of California -..404 CO
10 California-street Railway 130 00
15 Giant Powder Con 76 00
55 Hana Plantation Company 6 37*i
150 Honokaa Sucar Company 14 50
230 Hutchinson Sugar Plan Co 14 00
75 Kilauea Sugar Plan Co., cash 13 00
20 Makawell 27 50
5 Market-street Railway 7S 00
110 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 73
$1000 S P of Arizona (1910> 113 37«4
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Equitable Gas ' S 00
15 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co.... 14 62»j
100 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co 14 50
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1310).. 113 37%
Street—
20 Bank of California 406 00
10 Hutchison S. P Co 14 00
$5000 S P ot Arizona. (1910) ,..113 37}i
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Bear Flag 07
ICO California Standard 23
100 Home 3 CO
100 Kern 5 23
200 Monarch of Arizona .,. ....... 23
300 Monte Cristo 2 10
300 Occidental of West Virginia 4S
200 Occidental of West Virginia 48
200 Oil City Petroleum 30
100 Peerless 8 00
60 San Joaquin Oil & Dev, b 30 8 50
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 8 37tj
50 San Jcaquln Oil & Dev, s 3 8 37V,
75 Sterling 1 30
Street—
100 Monte Cristo 2 10
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yestar
day: .
Mornlns Session.
600 Belcher 05 550 Con Cal & Va..l 80
100 Best & Belcher 12 300, Crown Point . . 07
200 Challenge 30 200 Sierra Nevada. 12
100 Challenge 29 100 Silver Hill .... 32
500 Challenge 2S 1400 Yellow Jacket.. 30
500 Challenge 27
Afternoon Session.
1100 Challenge 25 200 Crown Point . C3
•100 Con Cal & Va..l SO 600 Ophlr 75
100 Confidence 1 CO 200 Yellow Jacket.. 27
The following were the sales la the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
llornln;: Session.
800 Best & Belcher 12i 200 Ophlr 73
100 Challenge Con. 27 300 Sierra Nevada. 12
500 Challenge Con. 25 200 Silver Hill 31
300 Chollar 04 TOO Yellow Jacket.. 31
300 Con Cal & Va..l 83 200 Yellow Jacket.. 29
100 Confidence ....1 12% 600 Yellow Jacket.. 27
200 Mexican 12 3Q0 Yellow Jacket.. 28
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher Hi 100 Ophlr 75
100 Best & Belcher 12 100 Ophir 76
300 Challenge Con. 25 200 Silver Hill .... 32
100 Con Cal & Va..l 82 600 Yellow Jacket . 26
250 Con Cal & Va..l 80 £00 Yellow Jacket . S3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Au*. 19—12 m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 04 05
Alta 03 05 Kentuck — 03
Andes 03 04 Lady Wash ... 01 —
Belcher- 03 C7, Mexican 12 14
Best & Belcher 09 10 Occidental 02 03
Bullion 01 ©3|Ophir 74 76
Caledonia 22 24 Overman ....... C3 10
Challenge Con.. 26 27 Potosi 04 u
Chollar 04 03!Savage 05 06
Confidence 1 GO 1 05 Scorpion ........ — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 85JSeg Belcher ... 01 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 1 Sierra Nevada. 12 13
Con New York. — Oli Silver Hill .... 32 34
Crown Point .. 06 C7jSt Louis 08 —
Eureka Con ... 12 — Standard ....... — 3 50
Exchequer — 02'. Syndicate ... .. 07 —
Gould & Curry. 12 14 1 Union Con 10 12
Hale & Norcrs 25 26 Utah 05 07
Julia — 02 i Yellow Jacket . 26 27
CHICAGO, Aug. 19.— Heavy receipts In the
Northwest, together with lower cables, caused
a weak opening in the wheat pit. The early
loss, however, was more than recovered later
en a decrease in the visible supply of 1,450,000
bushels and on heavy seaboard clearances.
Trading was mostly for local account, Sep
tember opened %@%c to %@%c lower at 70%@
71c. On commission-house selling the price de
clined to 70%c, but rallied later on covering by
local shorts to 71%c. The close was %c lower
at 71%@71%c. Toward the close there was con
siderable changing from September to Decem
ber.
Heavy rains cast of the Mississippi River
caused a weak opening in corn. Speculative
operations were small" and traders appeared to
be waiting for developments of relations with
supply and demand. The weakness In wheat
was one of the causes for the bearishness in
corn. September closed %c lower at oS%c.
Oats opened steady and higher, but declined
in sympathy with corn. Trading was 'light.
September closed %c lower ak35%c.
Provisions opened steady on higher prices for
hogs. On good buying by packing-houses the
market became strong. Trading was light on
the whole.. January pork with a gain of 22'/4c,
lard 5(37^0 higher and ribs 10c higher. •
The leading futures ranged a6 follows:
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%<5;2e: String
Beans, l@l%c: Limas, $2@3 50: Cabbage. 33@40c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the River in large
boxes, 50'5'75c: from Alameda, $1@1 25; Dried
I'eppers, 10(f?12^c: Green Okra, 35@75c per box-
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 20®
SOc; Pickles. 1%@1%c per lb for small and lc
for large; Garlic. 2030: Green . Peppers. 25(i?35c
per box for Chile and 23(£50c. for Bell: Egg
Plant, 25<f 10c per box; Green Corn, 50c@$l per
sack; Alameda, 73c@$l 25 wr crate; Berkeley
73c; Summer Squash,- large" boxes, 20@35c; New
Marrowfat Squash, $13@20 per ton.
Tomatoes are easy again, though prices ar°
still comparatively high. Corn Is doing bet
ter, and stocks are lighter. Other Vegetables
show little change.
Sweet Potatoes are lower. A car of new came
in from Merced," selling at l%c.
POTATOES-$1 10® I 35 in sacks and $1 23@1 65
In boxes for Burbanks. $1@1 20 for Garnet Chiles
and fqr Early Rose: Salinas Burbanks,
$1 30(??l 50; Sweets, 1%@1%c per lb for Rivera
and l%e for new Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow. . 85c@Jl per ctl; PMckle On
ions, 5otfV65c per ctl.
Prices for Potatoes are slightly higher again,
as the demand for shipment Is as keen as ever.
Onions are also firm. *¦
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Cubes, Crushed and 'fine Crushed, 5.30c: Pow
dered, 5.15c; Candy Graunlated. 5.15c; Dry
Granulated. 5.05c: Confectioners' A, 5.05c; Fruit
Granulated. 5. 0T>c; Beet Granulated, 5.05c; Mag
nolia A. 4.63c; Extra C, 4.55c; Golden C, 4.45c
barrels. 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; boxes'
50c more; f.0-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 73 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels, 5.55c; boxes, 5.80c per lb
SUGAR— Prices are 10c lower. The Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes, per pound In
100-lb bags:
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases, I No I
70c; pure, $1 22; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled'
84c; raw, 82c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases. S5c; China
Nut. »5®72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 67%c: cases. 72%c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 49@45c per gallon-
Fish Oil, in barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oli. in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19c: Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; n>tra Star. 23c: Elaine. 24c: Eocene, 21c;.
deodcrircd stove gasoline. "In bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c:
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases. 26c
TURPENTINE— 58c Der gallon in cases and
52c in drums or- iron barrels.
COAL— Wellington, S3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. S6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. S9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland. $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, 1.10 per ton; Coke. $13 per ton" in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, SS 43
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand. *
General Merchandise.
GRAtN BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags. 7%@8c;
local make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags.
?2@35c;_ Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc: Fruit Bags. 5%0
6c for cotton and 8%@8%c for jute. '
Temperature — 7 a. m.. 51 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over the north
western portion of the country- A disturbance
of some energy overlies the Rocky Mountain
region, and thunder-storms with moderately
heavy rain have occurred in Northern Utah.
Cool weather continued generally throughout
California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight, August 20, 1801:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; light
southerly winds in the Interior; fresh westerly
Trinde on the coast, with fog.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; light
southwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday; fresh westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
lipht southwest wind.
The followine temi>cratures were reported
from Eastern stations:
Boston. 74-72; Cincinnati, 82-70; New York..
74-72: Kansas City, 90-70; Philadelphia. 78-72;
Jacksonville. S6-72; Washington. 86-74.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
No further advance in Beans Is reported and
dealers are quoting a quieter market, due to
a falling; off 'in the shipping demand.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 60SJ2 75; Small White, $4 85
@5: Large White, $41?4 25; Pink, $2 30@2 50;
Red. J3(&3 73; B!ack»ye. $3 50; Llmas, SS 4O®6 50;
Red Kidney, S4 23 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mystard, nominal; Flax. 12 25@2 50; Canary, 3%
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 1%<S
2%; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, Jl 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
PORK— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6%c:
over 200 lbs. 6c; feeders. : sows. 20 per
cent off. boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations: dressed
Hogs. 7^@9Hc.
LAMB— S(g9c per pound,
VEAL— Lanre. 7@Sc; small. 8@9c per lb.
. MUTTON— Wethers. 7@Sc; Ewes. 7S7%c per
pound.
The week opened on a quiet and featureless
market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF-6@6%c for Steers and 5®5%c per lb for
COWM.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There were 60 cars of Hay on the tracks,
the largest . quantity for some weeks. Much
of this Hay was the cleanup of the ! accumu
lation in the Oakland yards, and shows some
relief from strike hindrances. Prices remain
unchanged.
¦Bran and Middlings continue to creep up and
are very firm.
BRAN— $19 50@20 50 per ton." "" -
MIDDLINGS-J21 50@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: Jobbing:.
$26 oO; Cocoanut Cake, $17(^18; Corn Meal, $32*9
33: Cracked Corn, $32 50@33 50; Mixed Feed, S17
@18. ...
HAY — Wheat. $7@9 50; choice, $10@10 50:
\Vheat and Oat, $6 50®9: Oat. $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa. $3 50@10 50; Clover. $5 50
@7: Volunteer. $4 50@5 50.
STP.AW-25@42%c. per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,930 barrels: exports. 16,399 barrels; barely
steady and dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 109,300 bushels; exports,
368,451 bushels; spot quiet; No. 2 red, 78%c f.
o. b., afloat; No. 2 red, 76%c, elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 79%c, afloat; No. 1 hard Du
luth, SSc f. o. b., afloat. Options started out
weak and steady, following cables, foreign
selling, bearish European statistics and liqui
dation. Rallied by enormous clearances, clos
ing steady at %@%c net decline. September,
76%@77 3-16c, closed at 76%c; October 76%@77'ic
closed at 76Tgc; December 78 3-16@79Uc, closed
at 78%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 5%c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, S@ll%c. Futures closed
unchanged to 10 points higher. ' Total sales,
10,250 bags, including September, $4 83; Octo
ber, $4 90; November, $5; March, So 35; May,
S3 50.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and easy; fair refining.
3 7-16c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4c. Molasses sugar,
3 3-16c; refined, easy. .
BUTTER — Receipts. 8447 packages; steady;
State dairy, 14@18c; creamery, 16@20^c; June
packed factory. 14%@13%c; imitation creamery,
14S17%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 5900 packages; strong; West
ern uncandled, 10@16%c; Western candled, 10©
17%C.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet to-day, but retains its firmness of
undertone owing to a scarcity of sellers. State,
common to good, 5@7c; prime, 7%@8c; choice,
8%c; fancy, 9c.
California dried fruits ruled dull. Prunes—
3%@7c. Apricots— Royal. 8%(f?13c; Moor Park,
8®12c. Peaches^ — Peeled. ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@
9%c.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 19. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 58; Mount Tamalpais. 65: Inde
pendence, SS: Red Bluff, 88; Fresno, 84; Los
Angeles, E2; Sacramento, 76; San Luis Obispo.
72; San Dieso, 72.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
67; minimum, 50; mean, 54. ¦> - • '
Weather Report.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
£ l0U . r ' A 3 JP er 10 ° lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 23:
f?Ai a o- cre i m '^ * 4: Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
Um 2o; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Uheat, $3 50; Farina. St 50: Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 8508 35;
in sacks, $6 50@S; , Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, So; Green Peas. S6 50 per 100 lbs
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 23ig>
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. |3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 50(52 75 per barrel for family and
S2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers'. J2 75
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c: medium. 9%c: light. 9c: Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip I6c: Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15©30c each; short
Wool. 30@50c each; medium. 50@75c; long
Wool. S0c@$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 bOUp
2 75 for large and $2@2 23 for medium. $1 50®
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins—Sum
mer or red skins, 35c: fall or medium skins, 30c
winter or thin • skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime
Angoras. 73c; large and smooth. 50c; medium
35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^ffl4%c per lb:
choice. 5c; No. 2. 3%®4c; grease 3%@3e.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14@15%c: do Lambs', lie per lb;
Middle County, defective. 8® 10c: Southern,
free, 7 months. 7<ffil0c; do. defective. 7 months,
7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine. 14*?15c; do. medium
and coarse. ll@13c: Oregon. Eastern, choice. 11
©13c: do. fair to good, 9@llc: Nevada. 10<@ll%o.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs'.. 7%<39c . -
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
Hi&es, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel.. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9V«c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels
pure, 10«ic: 10-lb tins, lUic: 5-lb tins, ll%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 14c: California Hams. 13%c;
Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb %
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Provisions.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19.— To-day"s state
ment of the Treasury balance shows: #
Available cash balance, ?17S.176,3S0; gold, $102,
777,021.
LONDON. Aug. 19.— Anaconda. 9%; Atchison,
76%; Canadian Pacific. 113%: Denver and Rio
Grande, 43%; Denver and Rio Grande pre
ferred, 94; Northern Pacific preferred, ¦ 98%;
Southern Pacific, 57%; Union Pacific, 99%;
Union Pacific - preferred, 91%. Bar ¦ silver,
steady, 26 15-16d per ounce. Money, 1% per
cent.
CLOSING.
There was a dead calm in the stock market
to-day with prices generally sagging. Consols
were heavy and the weakness of New York
accompanying, suggestions as to gold with
drawals, American stocks opened weak on Sat
urday's bank statement and the spread of the
steel strike, but London is inclined to plck\up
stocks on reactions and New York came as a
buyer, particularly of. Norfolk and Western
on the rumors of . a coal combination. .The
close was irregular.
, The : Bank '. of England has. received £333,000
gold in bars and has bought £166,000 in India
and £16,000 on the continent. Money, quiet.
• LONDON. Aug. 19.— The Stock .Exchange will
be .closed next Saturday, August 24. . ¦•-
•NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
"Peaches -are quiet, but spot stocks being
light everything is firmly held. There was no
talk of futures." ...
"Prunes remain steady at substantially pre
vious range. The spot supply is email and
very firmly held, but arrivals are expected
shortly which will relieve the situation here
somewhat. Yesterday's sales were light, being
little more than retail quantities, and nothing
was said about sales of futures.
Mail reports from New York eay: "There
¦was a continued quiet condition noted In yes
terday's market, with business confined to
actual requirements. Buyers are apparently
holding off on actual transactions, though there
is more inquiry from all directions. The prin
cipal feature of the market was the advance
of loose raisins to 5%c for 2-crown and 6',ic
for 3-crown. Thre are no 4-crowns here. Seed
lees Muscatels are held very firm at 6%c and
seeded are still wiling at 7@7%c. Business In
all varieties is light, but spot stocks are Email
and conditions favor increased firmness. Im
ported goods show no essential change from
the previous reports.
•'There is a firm feeling In currants, but
no large tales were reported. No further
cables have been received, indicating that crop
conditions arc not essentially different. There
it perhaps a trifle more inquiry, but no Im
portant transactions are reported as pending.
"A good deal more interest Is noted in apri
cots. While no important sales are reported
there has been considerably more Inquiry of
late and choice Royals in bags are quoted at
8%c. f. o. b. coast. The goods which have ar
rived here are said to be of uncommonly good
quality, but the supply Is still very small,
though further shipments are understood to
be on the way.
Dried Fruit in New York.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 19,700 76»4 73% 76
Atchison prefd 2,200 95»4 94 95%
Baltimore & Ohio........ 400 97% 9" 1 -4 9714-
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91
Canadian Pacific 2,400 111% llO^i 111%
Canadian Southern 100 , 69% 69% 69
Chesapeake & Ohio 9,400 47% 45»i 47
Chicago & Alton 600 37% 37% 37%
Chicago & Alton prefd .... 77-
Chicago. Ind & Louis... 3.100 39 37»i 3S%
Chicago,- Ind & L pfd.. 300 73 70% 72%
Chicago & Eastern 111... 1,100 128% 126 12S%
Chicago & Gt Western.. 900 22% 22 22
Chicago & Gt W A pfd 100 £2% 82% 81%
Chicago & Gt W B pfd 46%
Chicago & Northwestn .... 190
Chicago, R I & Pa 700 141 .... 140%
Chicago Term & Trans.. 300 18 18 18
Chicago T & T pfd 37
C, C. C & St Louis 200 90 90 89%
Colorado Southern 200 13% 13% 13%
Colorado So 1st pfd 100 53% 53% 53%
Colorado So 2nd pfd 22% 22% 22%
Delaware & Hudson 100 161 161 161
Delaware. Lack & W 222
Denver & Rio Grande .... 42%
Denver & R G pfd. 91%
Erie 11.300 3S% 37% 38%
Erie 1st pfd .'....... 17,0"O 65T4 65% daVn
Erie 2nd pfd 100 51 51 50T*
Great Northern pfd 2,600 1S2 181 181%
Hocking Valley 400 53% 51 53
Hocking Valley pfd 200 75% 75% 73
Illinois Central 300 144 144 144%
Iowa Central 39
Iowa Central pfd 100 74% 74% 74%
Lake Erie & Western.. • 60
Lake Erie & West pfd 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 4,000 103% 102% 103%
Manhattan L 400 117 117 117%
Metropolitan St Ry 800 166% 165% 166
Mexican Central 300 25% 25 25
Mexican National 1,300 HVi 10% 11
Minneapolis & St Louis. 100 108 108 107
Missouri Pacific 1,600 101% 100 101%
Missouri, Kans & Texas 100 26% 26% 26%
Missouri, K & T pfd.... 700 54% 54% 54V.
New Jersey Central .... 200 160 160 160%
New York Central 500 153% 153 152%
Norfolk & Western 35,300 66% 53% 56%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 100 90 90 90
Northern Pacific pfd 96
Ontario & Western 6.2C0 34% 33% 34
Pennsylvania 9,800 145 142% 144
Reading 2,500 42 41% 41v4
Reading 1st pfd 500 77% 77% 77%
Reading 2nd pfd 2,200 52% 52 52'4
St. Louis & San Fran.. 300 41 40 40%'
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 78
St Louis & S F 2nd pfd. 400 67% 67% 69"
St Louis Southwestern 28%
St Louis Southwest pfd 100 61% 61% 62
St Paul 18,800 165 161% 164%
St Paul pfd 200 189% 189 188
Southern Pacific 14,100 £6% 55% 56%
Southern Railway 9,500 31% 30% 31%
Southern Railway pfd... 1,900 86% 85% 86%
Texas & Pacific 3,400 42% 41% 42
Toledo, St L & W.eEt 19%
Toledo. S L & West pfd 400 33% 33% 33
Union Pacific 16,500 98 96% 98
Union Pacific pfd 600 90 S9% 89%
Wabash 700 21% 21% 21%
Wabash pfd 1,500 39% 39 39%
Wheeling & L. E 100 19% 19% J9
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 200 32% 32% 32
Wisconsin Central ' 100 20 20 20
Wisconsin Central pfd 41
P C C & St L 70
Express companies-
Adams 170
American 100 197% 197% 193
United States 87
Wells Fargo .... 150
Miscellaneous — *
Amalgamated Copper . 12,400 115% 113% 114%
Am. Car & Foundry 300 29^ 29 29%
Am Car & Fdry pfd.... 300 84% S4% 84%
Am Linseed Oil 20%
Am Linseed Oil pfd... 100 61% 61% 60%
Am Smelting & Ref 2,300 52% 51% 51%
Am Smelt & Ref pfd... 200 Ml 101 101
American Tobacco 1,500 136 135% 13.1%
Anaconda Mining Co... l.iiOO 4i% 44^ ' 45
Brooklyn Rapid Tran... 2,200 74% 73% 73%
Colo Fuel & Iron 95
Consolidated Gas 1,300 223 221 223%
Continental Tobacco .... SCO 6S% 67% 67%
Con Tobacco pfd 117Vi
General Electric 600 264% 263 261
Glucose Sugar 54
Hocking Coal 20
International Paper 300 22 22 * 22
International Paper pfd 100 76 76 76
International Power ... 400 S2% J'% 92 s i
Laclede Gas ".. S5
National Biscuit .;*-" 43U
National Lead 100 20% 2G',fc 20%
National Salt 42
National Salt pfd 7514
North American 99
Pacific Coast "' ei
Pacific Mail .]" 40
People's Gas 3.200 112% 112 112Vi
Pressed Steel Car 300 41% 41U 41
Pressed Steel Car pfd * . gj
Pullman Palace Car *' 206
Republic Steel 1,600 21 20% 20%
Republic Steel pfd 600 75% 75 75
Sugar 6,900 133% 131% 132 !
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,200 62% 61% 62%
Union Bag & Paper Co. 1C0 16* 16% 15%
K non ,B& P Co pfd.... 100 73% 73% 72
Lnited States Leather .. 700 13% 13% 1334
" S J^«her pfd COO 81 80% S0%
United States Rubber is
17 S Rubber pfd "" rg .
United States Steel ... 23,400 43*4 42% 4314
USSteerpfd M oo si% 91% l\&.
western Lnlon 1,300 93% 92% 93%
. . 276,400 Shares sold ,
CLOSING BONDS.
US ref 2s, reg.,107% N Y Cent lsts....lO4% :
Do couoon 107% N J Cent gen £s..l30'
Do 2s. reg 10S% Nor P?.c 3s 71-4
Do 3s, coud 10S>4 Do is 104%
Do new 4s, reg.. 137 N Y, C & St L 4s 10C%
•Do new 4s. copM37 Nor & W con 4s .101%:
£° °|* }*- reg.. 113 Or Nav 1st a '..no
Do old 4s. coup. 113 Do 4s 102U
£*> r Ss - reg ..107% Or S Line 6s...": 128% ¦
r.P? S ?' up 107 % Or S L con 5s. ...117%
Dst of Col 3.65s.. 124 Read Gen 4s... 95*
™ h /' 103 % Rl ° G W lsts. 101
p/n 0 K dJ ,**, ,111 s L & I M con
Can So 2nds 109 St L & S P tren tisi2?
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7% St Paul con« ...Hi -
Do us ]21 St P C & P 1s»k 11t
Chi & N con 7s..l36V t Do 5s UfiU
rM ¥ s F ? eb 5s - 1 ? 1 ' i So pacific "4s:::::: 91%
Chl Term 4s 95 So Railwav 5s 117
£? 10 f°J* ¦¦• * 7 * s Rope&T 6s .. 58
Den & Rio G 4s. .101% Tex & p ac lsts-./USH
Erie Gen 4s 86 Do 2nds 9St2
F W /fe DC lsts.104 Union Pac 4s";''lO4U
Gen Electric. 6s... 200 Wabash lsts irS
Iowa Cent lsts.... 116% Do 2nds ins
L & N unified- 4s. 100% West Shore 4s ll'«4
M. K & T 2nds.. R2 Wls Ont 1st* ,.'..'. ["7%
Do ** 88 'Va.Centuriea nil ',
which are peculiarly benefited by the coal ex- |
port trade. Norfolk and Western rose 2H over
Saturday. The rise in St. Paul and Atchison
reached about the same figure in- a sudden
spurt Just before the close.- Chicago and*.
Eastern Illinois mounted 8 points over the pre
vious sale. Amalgamated Copper resumed Its
upward movement and there was some activity ;
in Sugar, owing to the concerted action of the i
companies in fixing prices. The stock advanced
but lost practically all the rise. . There was
greater confidence felt In the money outlook
than on Saturday after the bank statement.
This feeling was due to several causes. The
unexpectedly large decrease in cash was said ¦
to be due to the retirement of circulation by
the absorbed Bank of the Republic. The sub
treasury has made a email contribution to the
money market since Friday by reason of large
pension payments and disbursements on ac
count of Philippine expenditures. But the sud
den weakness developed In" the foreign ex-
change market was the dominant influence In
causing the better feeling over the' money out
look, on account of the assurance afforded, that
gold from Europe would be • forthcoming to.
meet any urgent needs . on the part of New
York. Demand bills fell to-day to $4 86%, com
pared with $4 SS at the high point last week,
marking a relapse of approximately a third
of the range from the gold-export, to the gold-
Import point. -Offerings of bills against wheat
exports, purchases of stock for London account
and a cessation of the demand for repayment
by syndicates of the loans from European bor
rowers were all influential in the weakness of
exchange. The market closed firm, but very
dull on the last rally.
Railroad bonds were irregular. Total sales,
par value, $595,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
CALL BOARD SALES. -
: Informal. Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sal*9
jj, Second Session— No sales. ¦. . " " '. '
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales, l.
OATS— The situation remains unchanged the
m . a n- e A.,, lnS T?, rmly held - but 1 ute t- Quotable
a V5?£&? 1 £i r Black and $1@1 =° P er ctl 'or R°d.
•CORN— The steam is all out of the Western
situation, and those markets are running along
without 'feature at steady prices. This mar
ket is dun and unchanged. Small round Yel
low $1 Eastern Yellow, $1 62%@1 65; White,
$170^175 per ctl; mixed, $150^153
RYE— 75®77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4000
ctls. $1 02^; 6000, $1 02H. May-4000, $1 06; 20C0
$1 Cb%. ;• :
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 34,000
ctls, $102H; 12.000. $102%, May— 2000, $1 06%
•Afternoon Session— December— 600Q ctls,
BARLEY— While this market continues life
less and nominal buyers are purchasing in the
country and paying more than they will: here.
The feeling is steady. • ¦
Feed. 73%@75c for choice bright, 72%c for No.
1 and iOc for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77%@85c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT — Liverpool and Antwerp were lower.
Chicago declined at the opening on weaker
cables and general rains In Indiana and Illi
nois. There was a subsequent recovery, how
ever. There was less than 1.000,000 bushels at
the seaboard, and only 1,250,000 at lake and
canal points. This was rxpected to result in
lighter clearances, but 1,851,000'- bushels were
cleared nevertheless. The American visible
supply decreased 1.449.000 bushels.
The world's shipments , for the week were as
follows, in quarters: .Danubian,' . 55,000; Ar
gentine, 44,000; Indian, 31,0C0r*AustraHan, 19,000.
Liverpool reported- the French crop irregular,
but better than expected. The Manitoba Gov
ernment reported a crop of 48,857,000 bushels
an average of 24.28 bushels per acre.
This market was quiet, but the shippers have
resumed buying in the country, and say' that
vessels are again being loaded. Prices stand
about the .same.
#58?^ Whpa t-Shlpping, 97^c; milling, $10
1 02% per ctl. 1 ¦
Wheat and Other Grains.
New Tork Exchange is higher and sterling
lower. Silver is unchanged..
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S5^i
Sterling Exchange, sight — .*,!,)*
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — ¦ 1V2
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ; ;10 -¦
Silver, per ounce — 58?»
Mexican. r>ollars, ' nominal 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
Sugar marked down ioc.
New York Exchange higher and Sterling lower.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat shippers buying again.
Barlcx quiet here and active in the interior.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before. . .- * r .. .. ¦
Hay being moved with more freedom. Bran and Middlings higher.
Beans quieter under a lessened shipping demand.
Potatoes and Onions still wanted for shipment. .
Vegetable market still well supplied.
Butter steady. Cheese and Eggs firm.
Melons dull and lower owing to cool weather.
Apples and Prunes light crops in France.
Provisions firmly held and uncluinged.
Meat market as previously quoted. .
Light trading on the stock exchanges.
The Contra Costa Almond Growers" Assocla
tron has. rejected the recent bids for the 70
tons Almonds offered by the ¦ association, and
will receive new bids on the 31st. Should the
bids then fall below the views of the growers
the crop will be sold in the East.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8@10c for new Royals and
8@14%c for standard to fancy Moorparks: new
Evaporated Apples, 7158c: sundried. 3@3'jc;
new Peaches; 6@Sc for future delivery: new
Pears, 5%©9c: Plums, pitted. 4@5c; unpitted. 1
@l%c; Nectarines, 4S414C for red and 4@5c for
white. ' . • .
PRUNES— Quoted by the Association on the
basis of 3Uc for the four sizes. ••
RAISINS— Are practically cleaned and nom
inal, as follows: Bleached Thompson's fancy,
12c per lb; choice, lie; standard, 10c;
prime, ,9c; unbleached Thompson's. 9c per
lb. Sultanas— Fancy, .10%c per lb: choice, 9%c;
standard. 8%c: prime, 8c; -unbleached Sultanas.
8c: Seedless. 50-lb boxes. SVjc; 4-crown, 7c; 3
crown, 6%c; 2-crown 6c: Pacific brand— 2-crown,
5c: 3-crown, hMc, and 4-crown, 5',2c: seeded
(Fresno prices). 6c: London Layers. 2-crown.
jl 50 per box: 3-crown. %\ 60; Fancy Clusters. $2;
Dehesa ?2E0; Imperials, $3.. All prices f. o. b.
at common shipping points in' California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c;
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6%<§7%c; Almonds, 13@14cfor paper-shell. 10@
lie ..for EOftshell and 5^60 for hardshell: Pea
nuts. 5@7c fo"" Eastern; Brazll'Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts, 12@12 ! ,4c; Pecans, ll@13c ; Cocoanuts,
$3 50(@5. •¦¦¦.- .
HONEY— Comb, 12@12Uc for bright and 10®
12c for light amber: water, white extracted,' 5%.
@6c; light amber extracted, 4'A@5c; dark, 4®
4Uc. ' : • ', ¦ ' .
BEESWAX— 25® 2Sc per lb.
The following dispatch from Liverpool will
interest Apple and Prune growers, as show
ing what the demand is likely, to be for these
fruits abroad: "French Prunes are again com
manding more attention, reports from France
as to the season's output being perhaps re
sponsible for some amount of the inquiry, 31a
to 453 being paid, according to the size of the
fruit. The crop of 1901 promises only moder
ately, while the Apple crop of France, which
locally provides the great substitute for
Prunes, is an entire failure, so that it is very
probable our continental neighbors wilt not
have much fruit of this description for export
in any direction.. We look for a good season
on" California Prunes."
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
NEW YORK, Aug. 19.— Close— Money on call
closed steady, 2@3,per cent;, last loan, 2 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper,! 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling Exchange was weak with actual busi
ness in bankers', bills at $4 86U>@4 86% for de
mand and at $4 84% for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 85%@4 88. '¦ Commercial bills, $4 S3%@
4 84. Bar silver, .58%c. Mexican dollars, 45c.
Bonds— Governments, steady; StateE, inactive;
railroads, irregular. ¦
New York Money Market.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2« Little Chief 12
S llce ¦• 45 Ontario ;...'. 8 00
g ree ce 140Ophir 75
Brunswick Con .. OS Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel... 6% Potosi • 03
Con Cal & Va 1 7a Savage 05
Deadwood Terra... 65 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver 1 75 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 5fi Standard 3 00
Leadville Con 06
BOSTON STnnifs. AT\rr> nnvns
Money—- • ¦--: West ' End 96
Call loans 3>^5 Bonds
™« loans .4 <str, Atchison 4a ". 102
fctockE— ¦ Mining Shares—
Atch. T & S Fe. 76 Adventure 26%
Do pre'd 95 gingham Mih Co. 39H
Amer Sugar <.....'. 13214 A mal Copper. ...... 115%
Amer Tel igiu, Atlantic 37
Boston & Albany: 257',i Cal &- Hecla...740@745
Boston Elev ..179 Centennial '.. 28%
Boston & Maine. .192% Franklin .."18%
U _S Steel , 42«i Humboldt 25
.91% Osceola lOOtf
Fitchburg prefd,..145 Parrot ....51
Gen Electric 262% Quincy :...170
Ed E!ec 111 240 Santa Fe Copper. ' 6%
Mex Cent .......... 24% Tamarack 348
Old Colony ........208 Utah Mining 29
pld Dominion...... 30%. Wolverines 65?i
Union • Pacific . 974-lJ
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Earl Fruit Company sales: 'Pears — Bartletts,
$1 S5@3 25, average $2 70 boxes; $1 45@$1 60. av
erage $1 53 half boxes. Peaches — Late Craw
fords, 75c@90c, average 82c boxes; Elbertas, SOc
(ffi$l 10, average $1 02 boxes; Orange Cling, $1@
$1 10, average $1 08 boxes. Grapes— Tokays,
$1 55@1 90. average $1 71 single crates. Prunes —
Gros. $1 25@1 35, average $131 single crates;
French, 40c@$l 85, average 76c single crates.
Twenty cars fruit ' sold to-day.
Car from Hookston: Prunes— Gros, 90cjfl 20,
average $1 18 single crates. Pears— Bartletts,
$2 45@2 SO, average $2 56 boxes, .half boxes av
erage $105; Seckle, average 70c half boxes.
Gross sale, $1110.
Car from Winters: Peaches — Late Crawford.
95c@$l. average 96c boxes. Pears — 'Bartletts,
$2 25@'2 90 boxes. Part of a car grossed $690.
Car from Hookston: Prunes— Gros, average.
$1 20 single crates; German $1 20@l 25, average
$1 25 single crates. Pears— Bartletts, average
$2 68 box; half boxes, ¦';average $130. Gross
sale. $1235.
Car from Mayhews: "Peaches — Late Craw
ford 70@85c, average 82c • box. Plums— Kelsey
Japan, average $1 10 single crates; Victoria,
average $1 single crates. Prunes — Gros $1 IS®
1 63. average $1 52 single crates; Silver 80c@
51 15, average 98c single crates; Hungarian,
average $1 30 single crates; Fellenberg, aver
age $1 65 single crates. Pears— Bartletts $2 70
@2 80, average $2 79 box; half boxes, average
$1 60. Part of a car grossed, $565.
Car from Sacramento: Peaches — Susquehanna,
average $1 20 boxes; Yellow, average 75c boxes.;
Lemon Cling, average $120 boxes; Orange
Cling, average $1 15 boxes. Plums— Kelsey, $1 05
@$l 35, average $1 25 single crates.' Prunes—
Gros. 60c@$l 50, average $1 25 single crates:
Hungarian, $1 15®1 50, average $1 34 . single
crates. Pears— Bartletts, $2 05(53 10. average
$2 36 boxes, half boxes average $1 40; Seckle,
average $1 SO half boxes. Gross sale, $1370.
Car from Mayhews: Peaches — Late Craw
ford, 90@95c box. Prunes— Tragedy,' average
$125 single crates; Gros . $1 20® 1 50, average
$137 single crates; Silver' 80c@$l 25, average
$1 10 single crates; Hungarian, average $1 05
single crates. Plums— Victoria, average $1 25
single crales. Pears— Bartletts $2 15@2 65,
¦average $2 39 box. Part of a car grossed, $655.
Car from "Winters: Pears — Bartletts, aver
age $2 85 box: half boxes, average $1 55.
Car frorn^ Vacaville: Peaches— Late Craw
fords, average 75c- boxes; Susquehanna 75c@$l,
average S6c boxes; Elberta, average SOc boxes.
Prunes— Gros, average $1 30 single crates; Hun
garian, average $1 55 single crates. Pears —
Bartletts $2 25@3 15,' average $2 93 boxes; half
boxes, average $1 50. Grapes — Tokays $1 S0@
2 15, average $1 96 single crates. Gross sales,
$1340.
Car from San Jose: Plums — Yellow Egg 70
@S5c, average 80c single crates; Bradshaw. 65
@80c, average 78c single crates;. Japan,- aver
age $190. single crates; Wickson $1 75@1 85,
average $1 82 single crates; Quackenboss $165
©I 90. average $1 69 single crates; Washington
75iJ?S0c, average >76c single crates; Columbia 70
@90c, average S2c single crates; Imperial, aver
age 85c single crates. Prunes — Gros 60c@$l 35,
average 93c single crates; Hungarian, average
$1 10 single crates. Gross eales, $950.
Car from Vacaville: Peaches— Susquehanna,
75c@$l, average 90c boxes; Late '¦ Crawfords,
average 95c boxes; Elberta, average $110 boxes;
Orange Cling, average $1 10 boxes'. :Neetarlnes
— Average 25c single crates. Pears— Bartletts,
$2 25® 3 15, - average $3 01 boxes. Grapes—To
kays $1 65@2 25, . average $1 82 single crates.
Gross sale, $1355. . •¦ - .• ¦
Car from Sacramento: Prunes— Gros. $1 15@
1 65. average $150 single crates; Fellenberg,
average $1 60 single crates; Silver, average SOc
single- crates; Hungarian, $1 50@l 55, average
$1 62 single crates; German, $1 25@1 SO, aver
age $171 single crates.' Pears— Seckle, $1 85@2,
average $1 S8 half-boxes. Peaches— Orange
Clings," average $1 10. . Gross sale, $1440.
Car from Walnut Creek: Pears — Bartletts,
$2 30@2 95, average $2 55 boxes; $1 15(gl 30, aver
age $1 21 half -boxes. Gross sale, $1200.
Oar fro , San JoseL, Pears— Bartletts, $1 80@
$2 50-, average $2 05 boxes. Plums— Yellow Egg,
75c©$l 20, average 88c single crates; Columbia,
80c® $120, average 84c single crates; Washing
ton, average SOc single crates; mixed, average
SOc single crates. Prunes— Gro3, 85cg$f 35, av
erage $1 25 single crates; German, average $1 60
single crates; Bulgarian, ' 90c@$l 40, average 94c
single crates. Gross sale, - $975.. ¦
• Car from - Sacramento: ; Prunes— Gros, 75ci§>
$1 35, average $1 30 single crates. Plums—Gold
en Drop, average $1 single crates. Nectarines
—White, $2 10@2 20, average $2 15 single crates.
Pears— Buerre Clairgeaus, average |2 boxes.
Gross sales, $1090.
Fourteen cars fruit sold.
; NEW YORK, -Aug. 19.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sales California fruit: • (•
Car '-fromi Suisun: '"Fears— Bartletts, - $2 50@
$2 55, .- average $2 52 boxes.- [J Prunes— Silver," 85c
@$1 05, 'average $1 single crates. Plums—Wick
son, average ;$1 20 single crates: /Kelsey Japan,
average 70c single crates. . Nectarines— Red,
average 70c single crates. ' Gross sale, -$1165.
Car from Sacramento: Prunes — Gros, $1 25®
$1 40, - average $1 32 single crates; . Silver, . av
erage, . f 1 05 ! single crates ; Hungarian, $1 30@
$1 35, average $1 34 single crates. Pears— Bart
letts, ,• average $1 25 half- boxes. '.• Nectarines-^
"White, average $2 10 single crates. . Gross sale,
$1105. ¦ . . •'• •":.¦.••¦-•¦
¦ Car , from Vacaville— Pears— Bartletts,' $2 40®
$2 75, average $2 65 boxes. Peaches—Susque
hanna, S5c@$l 10, average 98c boxes. Grapes —
Tokays, ; $2 0S@2 60, average $2 43 single crates;
Muscat - average • $1-30 single ' crates. Gross
eale, ,$1255. ¦, '...<, ¦[.,, ¦_¦ . - .:.. ..- ¦ '... .-.:. • •
Car from Vacaville: Pears— Bartletts $2 45®
2 75, average $2 69. box; half boxes, average
?1 25; Peaches— Susquehanna 75c@$l 15, aver
age $1 bQx: Grapes— Tokays $1 90@2 70, aver
age $2 21' single crates; Rose de Peru, average
95c single crates; Muscat, average $1 05 single
crates; Red Nectarines.- average $1 45 singie
crates. Gross sale,. $1276. •
Car, from" Armona: Pears— Bartletts, $2 20®
$2 70 average . $2 51. | Peaches— Late Crawford,
40@7oc,- average 66c, boxes. ' Gross sale; 11103. ¦
Porter Brothers Company Fale3 — Car from
Suisun: . Pears— Bartletts $2 40@2 55, average
$2 52 box. ¦ Prunes— Silver, average SOc singie
crates. Plums— Wickson, average 65c single
crates; Kelsey Japan 75c@$l 35, average U2c
single * crates; Red Nectarines, average 85c
single crates. Gross sale, $1125. ¦
j CHICAGO/" Aug. 19.— Earl Fruit. Company
sales of . California * fruit: ¦ Pears— Bartletts,
$2 20@2 85, average $2 73 box; $1 25@1 40, aver
age $1 37 half boxes. Grapes— Tokays $2 05®
2 65. average $2 47 single crates ; Malagas $1 05
@1 50, average :$1 38 single crates. Plums-
Yellow Egg 95c@$l 10, average' $108 single
crates; Kelseys S0@90c, average 81c single
crates; Washingtons, average - $1 15 single
crates. .Prunes— Gros 85c@$l 35, average $1 33
single crates;. German $1 C5@l 15, average $1 13
single crates.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $150*314; Lemons.
$1®2 25 for common and $2 50^3 50 for kooiI
to~ choice; Grape . Fruit. 5iK:'d*l 50: Mexican
Limes, $7 50@8; Bananas, 75cK$2 pef bunch;
Pineapples, $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES- $S@7 per chest for Long
worths and $4@6 for large berries, i
i BLACKBERRIES-$3@4 per cheat.
LOGAN BERRIES . " •
• RASPBERRIES- $S@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@Sc per lb.
FIGS— Black, 50c per box for small and 6oc@
$1 for large boxes; White, 40@75c.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25(S50c per box; Canta
loupes. 50c@$ltper crate; Watermelons, $5@2O
per 100.
-GRAPES — Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater, 50
@83c per box and crate; Tokay, 6oc@$l per
crate; Muscat, 65c@|l; Seedless, 70c@$l 25;
Black. 60c@$l: Isabella. 83c.
THE SANr FRANCISCO CAM,, TUESDAY, : AUGUST 20; 1901.
California f Fruit Sales.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 19.— The Imports of grain
Into Liverpool for the week were:
WHEAT— From Atlantic ports, 82,100 quar
ters; from Pacific, ports, none; from other
ports, 6000 quarters. ¦ • .
CORN— From Atlantic ports. 32,300 quarters.
8
• Articles — Open. High. Low.
Wheat Xo. 2— .
September 71 71>i • 70%
December 73^4 74 72%
Hay 76% 77<i 76%
Corn No. 2 —
September 58 5SV4 57%
December 60U 60% 59%
May 62% 62% 61%
Oats No. 2—
September 33% 36 3594
December 37 37»,i 36%
May 39'i 39Ms 39
Mess pork, per barrel-
September 14 10 14 43 14 10
October 14 40 14 57V4 14 35
January 15 50 .15 72V^ 15 50
Lard, per "100 pounds— *
September ....8 85 8 95 8 85
October 8 95 9 05 - 8 95
January 8 87% 8 95 .8 87^4
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 8 20 .8 32Vi 8 20
October 8 30 8 45. 8 30
January 7 D7»4 8 10 7 97>i
Close.
71 Vi
73%
¦ 77i,
¦ 58Vi
62%
' 35%
37Vi
39'/i
14 45
14 45 '
15 &7%
8 95
9 02Vi
8 92^,
8 32VS
8 45
8 10
STATIONS.
~ B
r c
: 3
o2
Hollister 67
rlanforcl 93
6S
5an Jrse 76
r UvrrFide 94
fa!frmr. ...SS
Ventura 72
Santa Maria 75
44
57
49
58
B8
E8
57
Clear S
Clear N
. Pt.Cldy W
6TATI0NS.
a
»
3
<*
a
-2 ,S O
•"»»• '"SIT £•*
Sg §3 *!
B| We S?
I i j 3 &s
ED
er--»
n
•1
i
B
a*
Astoria 30.12 €2 BO NW Cloudy .00
Baker 29. SS 76 52 XW Cloudy .00
Cai>cn 29. SO SO 50 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.04 5S 5! XW Clear .00
Fresno 29.S2 9« 62 KW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30. (4 72 50 W Cloudy .01
Pocatello, Idaho. ..29. SO SO 5S S Cloudy .02
Independence 29.74 88 60 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles 2S.S0 ?2 €0 SW Clear .00
Phoenix ».74 100 72 W Clear .00
Portland 3O.l>6 68 54 N Clear .00
Red Bluff 29. S4 88 60 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 30.02 62 54 N Cloudy .00
Sacramento 29.S8 76 54 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 72 62 SE Rain .36
Saa Francisco 29.98 56 50 SW Pt.Cldy .00
San Luis Obisrpo... 30.00 72 56 W Clear .00
Pan Diego 29. SO 72 6G W Clear .00
Seattle 30.08 60 50 SW Cloudy .00
Spokane 23.S2 S4 56 SW Pt.Cldy .00
N**h Bay 56
W'alia Walla....... 29. SO S6 64 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca 29.7S 80 52 W Clear .00
Tuma 29.70 104 74 SW Clear .00
STATIONS.
~ B
r c
: 3
o2
Hollister 67
rlanforcl 93
6S
5an Jrse 76
r UvrrFide 94
fa!frmr. ...SS
Ventura 72
Santa Maria 75
44
57
49
58
B8
E8
57
Clear S
Clear N
. Pt.Cldy W
• Articles — Open. High. Low.
Wheat Xo. 2— .
September 71 71>i • 70%
December 73^4 74 72%
Hay 76% 77<i 76%
Corn No. 2 —
September 58 5SV4 57%
December 60U 60% 59%
May 62% 62% 61%
Oats No. 2—
September 33% 36 3594
December 37 37»,i 36%
May 39'i 39Ms 39
Mess pork, per barrel-
September 14 10 14 43 14 10
October 14 40 14 57V4 14 35
January 15 50 .15 72V^ 15 50
Lard, per "100 pounds— *
September ....8 85 8 95 8 85
October 8 95 9 05 - 8 95
January 8 87% 8 95 .8 87^4
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
September 8 20 .8 32Vi 8 20
October 8 30 8 45. 8 30
January 7 D7»4 8 10 7 97>i
Close.
71 Vi
73%
¦ 77i,
¦ 58Vi
62%
' 35%
37Vi
39'/i
14 45
14 45 '
15 &7%
8 95
9 02Vi
8 92^,
8 32VS
8 45
8 10
6TATI0NS.
a
»
3
<*
a
-2 ,S O
•"»»• '"SIT £•*
Sg §3 *!
B| We S?
I i j 3 &s
ED
er--»
n
•1
i
B
a*
Astoria 30.12 €2 BO NW Cloudy .00
Baker 29. SS 76 52 XW Cloudy .00
Cai>cn 29. SO SO 50 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.04 5S 5! XW Clear .00
Fresno 29.S2 9« 62 KW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30. (4 72 50 W Cloudy .01
Pocatello, Idaho. ..29. SO SO 5S S Cloudy .02
Independence 29.74 88 60 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles 2S.S0 ?2 €0 SW Clear .00
Phoenix ».74 100 72 W Clear .00
Portland 3O.l>6 68 54 N Clear .00
Red Bluff 29. S4 88 60 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 30.02 62 54 N Cloudy .00
Sacramento 29.S8 76 54 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 72 62 SE Rain .36
Saa Francisco 29.98 56 50 SW Pt.Cldy .00
San Luis Obisrpo... 30.00 72 56 W Clear .00
Pan Diego 29. SO 72 6G W Clear .00
Seattle 30.08 60 50 SW Cloudy .00
Spokane 23.S2 S4 56 SW Pt.Cldy .00
N**h Bay 56
W'alia Walla....... 29. SO S6 64 SW Clear .00
Winnemucca 29.7S 80 52 W Clear .00
Tuma 29.70 104 74 SW Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
40 Fine Road Horses.
BOOTS, ETC.
By order executors Moses Hopkins Estat*.
This consignment includes stallions, geldinn
and mares by such sires as Silver Bow 2:1*.
Eros 2:25. Grandlsslmo 2:23Vi. El Benton 2:23.
Pilot Prince Mountain . King. Hawthorns.
Moses S. Director Wilkes. Socrates, etc.. out
of excellent mares: all broken single and dnubls
and their ages range from 4 to 8 years. Ther«
are also several fine saddle horses among: them.
This is a rare opportunity for business and
livery men to purchase first-class n 01^".
vehicles and harness at their own price. On«
vehicle cost 11800 and harness for same cost
$1000. All vehicles and harness nearly new.
. . Sale takes place
THURSDAY. AUGUST 29. 1901. at 11 a. m..
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 HOWARD ST.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
* Stock at yard August 20. Catalogues ready.
AT AUCTION.
I will sell the entire stock of Horses. Surreys.
Wagons. Carts and Harness of the stables at
1140 Folsom st., Tuesday. Aug 20, 11 a. m. S.
WATKINS. Auctioneer."Men and Women" is the name of the
play which served to Introduce the mem
bers 'of the Central Theater Stock Com
pany in their initial venture in society
drama last night. The introduction was
a marked success. The new leading lady,
Miss Annette Marshall, made her first ap
pearance and created a favorable impres
sion In the part of Agnes Rodman. Her
voice is well modulated and her acting
displayed considerable talent, besides a
natural charm of manner. Miss Marshall
is destined to be a valuable acquisition to
Central.
Another immense audience greeted the
new programme at the Orpheum last
night and every number was enthusiasti
cally received. "The Smart Set," a hilar
ious jumble given by the four Otts, set
the house in roars of laughter. Louise
Thorndyke Bouclcault ia a pleasing figure
on the stage. The music of Lefebre's Sax
ophone Quartet is as novel as it is pleas
ing and the acrobatic work of the Crags
family is the best of its kind ever seen in
the city. On account of the indisposition
of Katherine Germaine Richard Jose sang.
The popular contra-tenor will be heard all
the week. Charles H. Bradshaw and com
pany in "Fix in a Fix," Hill and Sllviany,
the sensational bicyclists; Remarc and
Rllay, European grotesques, and the bio
graph complete the bill.
Orpheum.
and it at once established itself as a prime
favorite. Last night the Grand was well
filled with a thoroughly appreciative audi
ence. Much of the success of the piece
hinges upon the character of Lieutenant
John Hinds, who has risen from the ranks
and gets a commission In a crack cavalry
regiment. He has been unused to the ways
of polite society, but has the heart of a
lion and the instincts of a true gentle
man. The part was essayed by Daniel
Frawley and his interpretation was clev
er. From the blundering mistake in the
first act to the Intensely dramatic scene
with Huttpn in the last act he was the
character to the life and carried the sym
pathies of the audience with him. Har
rington Reynolds as his friend. Lieutenant
Launcelot Pleydell, was -effective, and
shared the honors with Frawley. Frank
Mathieu as Lieutenant Earl of Hunstan
ton r.r.d H. S. Duffield as Colonel Stapyl
ton were good. Mary Van Buren as the
Baroness Royden gave a fine rendition of
the part. She lacked in vivacity. in the
lighter scenes, but In the final scene be
tween her and her lover she was splendid.
Phosa McAllister was dignified as Lady
Pleydell . and Blanche Douglass was
charming as Kate Johnson. The other
parts -were -well sustained.
an otherwise clever company. Robert
Cummings gave a virile impersonation of
Israel Cohen, a bank president, while
Ernest Howell was quaintly humorous as
Mr. Pendleton, a bank director. Howard
Scott distinguished himself as Stephen
Rodman, the Governor cf Arizona and a
reformed convict. Wlllard Blackmore
played the defaulting cashier well and
gave a thrilling climax to one of the
strongest acts in melodrama when he
placed the handcuffs on his own hands
and acknowledged his guilt. Edwin T.
Emery, Stanley Ross and James Corrigan
were good as usual. Juliet Crosby was
delightful as Mrs. Kate Delafleld. and
Mabel Pennock, Oza Waldrop, Georgia
Woodthorpe and Lillian Bartlett acted
their Beveral parts with tact and good
judgment.
Alcazar.
Miss Charlotte Thompson's new play,
"Silver-Mounted Harness," began its sec
ond week at the Alcazar to a good house
last evening. The flower dance at the end
of the third act Is the feature of the play
and deserved the applause it received.
Fischer's Concert House.
Coleman and Mexis, sharpshooters, were
the sensation of the evening at Fischer's.
Their work is extraordinary. Camelia and
Amelita, Spanish dancers; Fannie Ray
mond, a pleasing balladist; P. A. Duns
worth, a popular tenor; Hooley and Kel
ton, in "McGinty's Resurrection"; Paul
La Croix, a novelty- Juggler: Leo . and
Munroe, eccentric comedians and dancers,
and "Jones and Brown, colored fun mak
ers, completed an excellent programme.
A duet for violin and cello, played by
August Hinrlchs and William "Wertsch,
was warmly encored. The house was
crowded.
Chutes.
A large audience enjoyed the new bill
at the Chutes last night. Hayes brothers,
comedians and dancers, proved clever en
tertainers and scored a .big hit. Mille.
Jeanette and her performing cockatoos
are also a good number. Little Claire
Fex, the clever Juvenile, made her reap
pearance and repeated her former big
success. Other good numbers are Rey
nard, the ventriloquist: Irving Jones, the
colored comedian; the Gagnouxs in a clev
er juggling act, and new moving pictures.
Olympia.
Senorita Salvlnl, a Spanish character
artiste, Annie Morris, a coon shouter,
Kalacratus, a hoop juggler, and lone, In
poses plastiques, are the principal enter
tainers at the Olympla this "weeK.
Astronomers say there are only eighteen
stars, of . the first .magnitude. . The light
from these takes about three ¦ years to
reach the earth. There are fifty-five of
second magnitude. \ r -
Church— I notice the New Tork Police
Department has a good many white
i horses. Wonder where they get 'em all
from?
Gotham— Perhaps, like some of the offi
cials, they're whitewashed. — Yonkers
Statesman. v.. ;
Livermore . Man Insane.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— Henry A. Pratt,
one of the pioneer residents of Livermore,
was • to-day committed '. to the Stockton
Insane * Asylum. • Though 81 years of , age.
he " has '¦ become very violent of late and
has tried , to take his own life.'
Thompson Pleads Not Guilty.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 19.— R, A. Thompson,
who with another maltreated a horse lust
week and pleaded guilty to the charge,
changed his . mind ¦ about his . plea this
morning when he came up before Justice
Morris for sentence. He wanted, to take
his • chances with a, jury and asked if he
could not change: 1 his plea to not guilty.
The request was granted.
• ALAMEDA',' Aug. 19.— The Rev. George
R. Dodson announced yesterday that he
will take his farewell of the congregation
of the First Unitarian Church on Sunday,
September LvHe will take a" post grad
uate course at Harvard University. The
Rev. Mr. Berglund will fill the pulpit tem
porarily. ¦.-¦¦;; ¦_¦¦ - -
Rev. -Mr. Dodsonto Retire.
OFFERS TO ERECT NEW
" — THEATER BUILJDInT?
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— J. J. Gottlob. man
ager of the Columbia Theater and Pacific
Coa6t representative of the theatrical syn
dicate, has under consideration an offer
from W. H. Mackinnon on behalf of local
capitalists to build a new theater on the
lot on Broadway adjoining the Central
Bank block to the north. The proposition
calls for the erection of. a modern three
ctory building, providing Gottlob will
make a ten-year lease and agree to pre
sent first-class attractions.
The approximate value of the commer
cial fisheries of the United States in 1S99
was $40,000,000, to which the oyster Indus
try contributed about $14,000,000.
MOVILLE— Arrived Aug . 19— Stmr . Astoria,
from New York for Glasgow, and proceeded.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Ausr 18— Stmr Tacoma,
from ¦ Hongkong. Shanghai . and Kobe for Vic
toria and Tacoma.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Aur 19— Stmr Werra
from New York for Naples and Genoa, and
proceeded. • ¦ -
BROWHE AD— Arrived Augr IS— Stmr Domin
ion, from Portland, Me., for Liverpool.
PONTA DO ZARENEL— Passed Auk 1»-
Stmr Georgia, from Naples for New York.
LIZARD— Passed Aug 19— Stmr Rosarian. f m
Montreal for . London: stmr • Staendam, from
New York for Boulogne Sur Mer and Rotter
dam. ' .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
¦ Sailed Aub 19— Schr Corona, for San Pedro "
NEAH BAY— Passed in Aug 19— Stmr Mi'ne
ola, from Port Los Angeles; ship Florence, fm
Honolulu. .Paused out— Nor stmr Tltania, for
Ban Francisco; ship Glory of the Seas for
San . Francisco. ¦.._,....- . ...
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 19— Brig Courtney
Ford, from Ballard.
Monday. Auemst 19.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Nomnder, 66 hours from
Hucneme and way ports.
Scbr Abble. Peterson, 36 hours from Fields
Lanfiin?.
ARRIVED.
LATE SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The completed
plans for the new County Infirmary build
ings were received by the Supervisors to
day. The buildings will cost $227,600, with
$28,000 for a hot water heating system,
$17,500 for plumbing and $24,000 for a ven
tilating system. It Is not yet decided
whether the buildings will be constructed
one at a time out of the regular tax in
come or -whether bonds will be issued for
the entire cost. . .;•../>«
County Infirmary Plans.
¦ After a thorough sifting of the evidence
Judge Greene overruled the objection to
Whlpple and ordered the trial to proceed.
Attorney A. A. Moore said that the re
port had come to him that Edwin Whlp
ple, one of the . talesmen, had said . that
his neighbors would hang him if he voted
to acquit the accused. Mrs. J.Curley. sis
ter of Myron .Brown,- who was shot by
MacRae, was accused of making the
threat. , . -
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The course of the
MacRae manslaughter case was*Interrupt
ed to-day and the attention. of court and
attorneys directed to an investigation of
one of the Jurymen, whom the defense
accused of ¦ ¦¦ unlawful discussion _ of the
case. ' . ' ¦ ¦
Defendant in Trial of MacEae
Manslaughter Case.
Talesman Substituted for Prisoner as
JUEOB ACQUITTEB OF
/ CHARGE OF PREJUDICE
, Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Aug. 19.
Damages In the sum of $10,000 for the
threatened loss of an expected bequest
Is the novel demand of Miss Catherine
Herman in .< a suit against her uncle and
aunt, Mr. and Mrs. Adam Mertz of Berke
ley, which was placed on trial to-day.
Judge Hall and a jury will decide upon
the merits of the case, the preliminaries
to which have been' bitterly contested.
Miss Herman accuses her relatives, an old
couple living alone, of enticing her to
come to this coast from Pennsylvania on
the promise of making her their com
panion during their remaining ¦ years and
their heir when they died. She came and
for a time was well pleased; now she says
that she has been cast off for no cause
and left dependent on the charity of
strangers. In her complaint she i alleges
that this waa accomplished by asking her
to contribute to the household expenses,
she. working out in accordance with their
request and gradually being forbidden the
privileges of the Mertz home.
• The uncle and aunt maintain that It was
their, niece's discontent and roving ways
that caused the rupture. They say that
they were at all times willing to carry out
the original agreement. .
•Miss Herman states that her relatives
painted rosy pictures of her future as their
adopted daughter and heir, promising her
a bequest of not less than $10,000.
? She accordingly asks damages to this
extent. , .-.-¦'-'
That is why the reporters are now try
ing to discover, in the language of the
street, . "where they are at." ¦.¦¦..[¦
¦ The new law abolished ,the former per
diem of $10 and , established a fiat salary
of $150 a month, with a fee" of 15 cents a
folio for transcription instead 'of 20 cents,'
the former rate. | The act ; was passed and
signed - through •• the < combined - efforts of j
the court reporters of the State outside of
San Francisco. They .calculated that. the
salary proposition ; was a better, financial;
proposition than the former system. .--."'
h But when the time came for payment of.
their first month's salaries : in this county
Auditor.! J. : CalEwlng declined to draw
the warrants. He had consulted attorneys
Alameda County's ; judiciary has de
clared that because the law is not uniform
in its operation throughout California It Is
not constitutional. On the other , hand,
Los Angeles County's Cuperior. Court has
rendered an opinion directly contrary, and
has upheld the validity of the law. .
Because the Superior Courts of Los An
geles and of Alameda- counties have ren
dered decisions exactly opposite In the
test of the court stenographer's ¦ salary
law the reporters of this county- have de
cided to appeal to the Supreme Court to'
secure a final decision on the enactment! .
It is a bit' peculiar in the eyes of the
unlearned layman that a court, sitting in
bank, in one county should decide against
the validity of a law, while a court of
equal jurisdiction | in another county up
held it. That Js -the situation which con
fronts . the court reporters,' .the /lawyers
and the litigants in thirty-six counties of
California that are affected by recent le
gal controversies 'which have been under
way concerning the Legislature's enact
ment of a new system for payment of the
official reporters of the county courts. 1 1
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; 1118 Broadway, Aug. 19.
The boys are now fearing trouble with
the Berkeley faculty more than they
feared the Oakland courts, but had they
• "You see," explained Rowland, "this
would have been a peach if we had got
it. It took a whole lot of trouble to get
It off the wall and pack It half-way to
Berkeley. We would have had to carry
it all the way to Berkeley, and it wasn't
very light. That would have been the big
gest sign and the hardest to get that was
ever taken to Berkeley. Everybody does
it. and we were trying to get ahead of the
rest. We didn't look upon it as stealing,
though I suppose the sign must have cost
something. We would nave been willing
to pay for the sign, but then it wouldn't
have been worth bo much as a trophy."
Both of the young men were present in
court, but Prosecuting Attorney Leach
moved to dismiss upon the ground that
Mr. Champlin did not desire to prosecute,
and as the act vas more in the nature of
a college prank than an offense against
the people he thought that justice would
be just as -well served by dismissing the
case. He did not think that the . young
men would be Inclined to do anything of
the kind again. .
The young men explained frankly that
they took the mirror, as many signs are
taken by other college boys every year, to
ornament fraternity houses or rooms of
individuals. The mirror in question was
taken to decorate a fraternity house. The
value of these signs to the students de
pends upon the difficulty of obtaining
them without the knowledge of the own
ers.
T. W. Roland and B. T. Mackey. the two
university students who were arrested
while carrying off an advertising mirror
belonging to J. L. Champlin, an Oakland
merchant, had their cases dismissed in the
Oakland Police Court to-day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 19.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— A special venire
was necessary to secure jurors to sit In
the third trial of James Keating for as
sault. Only fifteen names were on. the
regular list and all of these were chal
lenged by the defense.
The following named were finally chos
en: B. H. Casterson. James King. Thom
as Startin. James H. Cory* George H.
Fogg, G. Beckert. E. J. Leonard, James
B. Crane, I* H. Gehr/ Jens Jensen, F. W.
Nunenmacher and D.' J. Clark.
Special Venire in Keating' Case.
Los Angeles and Ala
meda County Judges
at Variance.
Owner of the Stolen
Mirror Sign Drops
the Case.
Green finally left the saloon and the
row was forgotten until the police fol
lowed the trail of blood from Painter's
saloon, which led them to a little paint
shop occupied by Green, where they
found him on the floor, unconscious and
covered with blood. He was taken to tho
hospital, where Dr. W. H. Blood an
nounced that his ekull had been frac
tured.
Green and a man named Dempsey had
a wordy war- in Painter's place early in
the evening, during the course of which
Green accused Dempsey of taking some
money from him. Painter upheld Demp
sey in the argument and. it is alleged, at
tacked Green and knocked him down sev
eral times.
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— Thomas Painter,
proprietor of the saloon at the corner of
Seventh and Chester streets, was arrested
to-night and is being held pending the
result of the Injuries sustained by a
painter named Green in the saloon.
Pending Result of the Man's
Injuries.
Thomas Painter Held at City Prison
PAINTER GREEN BADLY
BEATEN IN A SALOON
Heiress' Expectations the
Measure of Her
Claim.
During the afternoon the Building
Trades Council will hold a celebration at
Shell Mound Park, with music, dancing
and games. .In the' evening an entertain
ment will be given, the proceeds from
which will be devoted to the strike relief
fund and to the State Federation of Labor
in its fight to ensure the re-enactment of
the Chinese exclusion act.
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The unions affili
ated with the Federated Trades have
taken steps to make the Labor Day cele
bration on September 2 a notable one in
Oakland. Every member will be required
to -parade, unless valid excuse can be
given, with the alternative of a fine. To
date 2500 members have promised to pa
rade with their respective unions. Floats
of appropriate design will be utilized as
features, and each union will turn out In
uniforms of distinctive character. The
committee in charge has elected C. L. E
Wenk as grand marshal.
sical Entertainment to Be the
Features.
Parade, Picnic and Literary and Mu-
LABOB UNIONS PLAN
A BIO CELEBRATION
WASHINGTON. Aug. 19.— The Navy
Department announces that the European
squadron of American war vessels will
rendezvous at Genoa, Italy. The cruiser
Chicago, now at Southampton, will pro
ceed south to that port, where she v.ill
meet the cruiser Albany and the gunboat
Xashville. now at the Seychelles Islands.
American "War Vessels at Genoa.
¦ At a meeting to-day the reporters de
cided that they must resort to the higher
court. They would' be glad to have the
new enactment made operative. So they
will ask the Supreme Court to tell them
whether the Alameda County, or the Los
Angeles County Judges are correct. The
law firm of Reed & Nusbaumer will have
charge of the appeal for the reporters.-
: The reporter* were content to accept
this judicial, interpretation, feeling that
the law was invalid, but on top of that
comes now the news from Southern Cali
fornia that a court there has sustained
the law. s., . • •'
and reached the conclusion that the new
law was not a sound one under the con
stitution. A suit was brought to compel
the Auditor to Issue the warrants, the
plaintiff being J. H.W. Riley.one of the
court stenographers. The case -was heard
and argued before the Superior Court, the
then four Judges sitting In bank. Their
decision was with the Auditor.
got away with their booty they would
nave been the heroes of the university.
SUES TO HOLD
HER HERITAGE
OAKLAND, Aug. 19.— The vfewers ap
pointed by the Board of Supervisors to in
spect the proposed road between Nilea and
Centerville reported to-day that the im
provement was not sufficiently needed, to
repay the county for the large outlay re
quired to put it through. It wag found
that the total cost of the road would
amount of $23,967 75.
Those whose land would be crossed by
the road offered to accept compensation
at the following rates: D. F. Moody,
$727 50 per acre; Nichols estate. $500:
Charles Nichols. $500: same, forty fruit
trees, $320; John Nichols, $500; same, 100
fruit trees. $800.
• The matter was taken under advisement.
The Boad From Niles to Centerville
Blocked Because of Prices
Asked.
COURTS DIFFER
WIDELY ON LAW
The last week but one of the Frawley
engagement at the Grand Opera-house
commenced last night when the comedy
"Brother Officers" was presented. This
clever comedy had its first production in
this city by the Henry Miller Company
Grand Opera-House.
DEMAND TOO MUCH
FOR THEIR PROPERTY
a LITTLE FALLS, N. Y.. Aug. 19.— The
lUohawk and Malone roundhouse at
Horkimer was discovered to be on fire
at I0:S0 o'clock to-nighf. Watchman
Gilbert and an engine tender named John
Deck, assisted by residents of the vicin
ity and members of the bridge building
gang. attempted to extinguish the
flames. While they were battling with
the fire a large quantity of dynamite
stored in the building exploded with
terrific force, killing Gilbert and Deck
and four others. The bodies of the last
four mentioned are unrecognizable.
The roundhouse was wrecked and
burned. It is feared there are other
bodies in the ruins. The roundhouse is
owned by the New York Central and
Hudson River Railroad.
Killed by Dynamite.
The . grand opera season at the Tivoli
lost none of its luster by the performance
of the "Barber of Seville" last evening.
Quite the contrary, fresh laurels were
won by Slgnorlna Repetto, Signors Fer
rari, Russo, Napoleoni, Nicolini and Cor
tesi. Russo made a hit with his
serenade, Repetto succeeded with the
"Flute Song," Ferrari with all
around work, for the score gives
him a great vocal opportunity, which was
well taken advantage, of; and Nicolini
with the vigor of his singing. Signorlna
Poletini, as Bertha, sang her solo in the
last act in a pleasing manner. Excellent
comeay work was done by Signor Cortes!
Tivoli.
This evening Boito's "Mefistofele" will
be sung. "Meflstofele" is an opera seldom
heard and for the proper presentation of
this production the Tivoli management
has spared no effort. The principals of the
cast are Dado, Agostinl and Montanari.
The mounting will be unusually elaborate
the Don Basilic In the first act Ferrari
and Russo gave a hint by their conscien
tious acquittal of the arduous task that
Rossini set for their roles of the care that
was to mark the performance. The com
edy of the "Barber" is a little antiquated,
but the character of the music fits the
text so perfectly that this is lost sight of.
The Barber could not well.be left out of
the repertoire. There would be something
lacking in the season without it. ..And.
since it is demanded, there is reason for
congratulation that it is cast so well and
handled with such faithfulness. It will be
repeated Wednesday, Friday and Satur
day nights.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call. \
1118 Broadway, Aug. 19.
The temperance people of Oakland are
making a determined fight against the re
newal of the licenses of the two noto
rious -saloons on Twelfth street and
against the bars on the ferryboats.
The Good Templars to-day filed a pro
test with the City Council against the
continuance of the licenses of the Bohe
mia and the Palm Garden saloons in the
following communication:
To the Oakland City Council— Gentlemen:
Whereas, certain practices which are conducted
at the Bohemia and Palm Garden saloons on
Twelfth street of this city having- come to the
notice of Oakland Lodge, No. 162. I. O. O. T..
which are a disgrace to our city; and
Whereas, the Bohemia and Palm Garden
saloons have not been conducted In accordance
with the Jaw: therefore, Oakland Lodge. No.
162, I. O. G. T.. protests against a continuance
of the license of said saloon and requests that
these matters be fully investigated.
STANLEY H. RICH. Secretary.
J. H. ROBBINS. Chief Templar.
H. F. HARRINGTON. P. C. T.
The cases are now before the License
Committee of the City Council. The Wom
an's Christian Temperance Union has pro
tested in like manner, and at the next
meeting of the license committee the pro
testants will be given a hearing.
The temperance people are also trying
to have the original order closing the bars
on the ferryboats enforced. The petition
that was circulated in the churches a
week ago was circulated again yesterday
in every church in Oakland. It now con
tains 20.000 s'gnatures asking that the bars
be closed. Thia petition will be presented
to the Southern Pacific Company thia
week.
Protests Against Two
Notorious Places
* Piled.
Another question yet unsettled is the
source from which the power will be
taken. There is any quantity of water
power available en either side of the tun
nel for the use of the road for this pur
pose.
W hen the project was first taken up it
was the intention to merely introduce
electricity to be used in the operation of
the trains through the Cascade tunnel
and to install the plant for that purpose
at once; but the calculations made by the
engineers convinced the officials that this
was a vastly more economical method of
operating than the one in use and the
plans have been greatly enlarged. It is
rot yet decided, however, whether the
portion of the road to be equipped for
electric motors will extend from Skyko
mish to Leavenworth or from Everett to
Wenatchee.
SEATTLE. Aug. 19.— The Cascade divi-
Eion of the Great Northern Is to be equip
ped with electric motors for the operation
of trains In the place of steam locomo
tives. The officers of the engineering de
partment have been working on the plans
for this improvement for nearly two
years sr.d within a short time definite
plans for the change will be officially an
norreed.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Division of Great
Northern.
Innovation on Cascade
STARS WHO ARE APPEARING
AT THE LEADING THEATERS
THIS WEEK. . .
COLLEGE BOYS
NOT PROSECUTED
R. C. Carton has written plays before,
one good one. "Lord and Lady Algy," and
"Wheels Within Wheels," but it is doubt
ful if this latest effort will add anything
to his reputation. The plot is given away
in the first act. Lady Huntworth, young,
charming, beautiful, has been divorced
frcm her husband, a drunken wretch who
has done everything but beat her, and she
takes: it into her head to cook for her
living. Sbe goes into service at a vicar
age and soon has all the male element at
her French heels, the vicar, a bachelor of
uncertain age; the vioar's niece's be
trothed, and Gandy, their rather Mgh and
mighty butler. The lady's husband is also
a suitor for her hand and heart, having
discovered that she has fallen heiress to
an Australian fortune— those easy for
tunes!—and having discovered her where
abouts by accident through an acquaint
ance with the betrothed. Then the vicar
and Gandy propose to the pretty cook
maid, only to be refused, and the be
trothed offers his friendship in such manly
fashion that she makes it evident that it
_would not be "No" if he entered the lists.
Of course it ends happily ever, afterward.
The niece runs away with a convenient
curate and her betrothed gets Lady Hunt
worth and the Australian gold. Meantime
there is some rather amusing comedy that
the company certainly made the best of,
with the exception of the leading lady,
Miss Hilda Spong, who did little but
smile (adorably) through her part and
&l-ow an uncommonly handsome face and
figure in her cap and gown. She did noth
ing as beautifully as it can be done, which
is saying more than it seems at first sight.
Neither is Miss Spong the only pretty
girl in the cast. Beatrice Morgan is de
cidedly another, but her voice, is not to
By Guisard.
NOW let Bertha Clay and the
"Duchess," Dora Thome and the
rest of the innocuous romanticists
of the lemonade age hide their
diminished heads, for. a greater
than they has arisen! R. C. Carton has
gone them several better in his "Lady
Huntworth's Experiment." that shone
alike upon the just and the unjust last
night at the Columbia, with Dan Froh
man's good company at the handle. It is
a play like those books that were always
whipped under the pillow when the
economical dominie came round to turn
out the gas; in which belted Earls and
errant damsels in distress wandered
through marble halls -with their hearts on
their fashionable sleeves. It is the old
romance of the "Lady Turned Serving-
Maid" brought up to date, and all family
heraldry has assisted in its incubation.
Edythe Chapman seldom appears to bet
ter, advantage than she does in the Bar
bara Frietchle of Clyde Fitch, the tender,
loving, brave and loyal daughter of the
sunny South. That' is why the second
night's production was greeted with a
large and appreciative audience. While
the play has many defects, it abounds in
excellent episodes, notably the love scene
in the first act. the winging of Sharp
shooter Gelwex in the second and the en
counter in the third with mad Jack Neg
ly. These afford Miss Chapman an op
portunity of displaying all sides of her
emotional nature. The company Is a good
one, the Jack Negley of Donald Bowles,
th«i Colonel Negly of John W. Burton and
the Mammy Lu of Lillian Andrews being
excellent character impersonations. Mr.
Neill has not much to do as Captain
Trumbull, but he does it quietly and well.
California.
But I don't sec two dollars' worth in the
play from any standpoint, and I think the
experiment of charging that for it will not
prove by any means so successful as
"Lady Huntworth's" experiment.
The men, to:>, are mostly satisfactory.
Grant Stewart as the vicar, mincing and
ladylike, but still with a somewhat fishy
eye for beauty, is entirely delightful, and
Gandy is a satisfying Crulkshankian or
Pickwickian figure in William F. Owen's
hands. Jameson Lee Finney has the un
pleasant part of the drunken husband.- a
character quite out of key in the frothy
play, but made strong and powerful by
the actor.
Dear, old Mrs. Whiff en was, as usual,
eminently sufficient in her work, and act
ed the vicar's "so very proper" sister,
with the delicately humorous touch that
distinguishes all her efforts.
match and her acting, while a little less
leisurely than the star's, is not much bet
ter, though, to ,be sure, her opportunity
is not great. Alison Skipworth is another
story. She is distinctly clever and played
the vicarage housemaid with genuine en
joyment and delightful humor.
OAKLAND WOULD
CURB SALOONS
OAKLAND. Aug. 19.— Robert Bond, the
burglarious "gas man." who purloined
valuables from several residences after
gaining admission by pretending to be a
gas inspector, must defend himself
against two charges of burglary, sworn to
to-day by Miss Florence Edoff, residing
at 913 Grove street, and Mrs. Bertha Has
kell. who dwells at 1042 Chestnut street.
Bond refuses to tell the police what he
did with the jewelry he purloined, only in
timating that a female acquaintance was
the beneficiary of his sneak-thievery. He
will be arraigned to-morrow.
Two Accusations of Burglary Ate
Filed in Police Court Against
Sneak Thief.
VICTIMS OF "GAS MAN"
SWEAR TO CHARGES
Rich strikes are reported from Rampart.
Iron Creek, on the Tanana and in the
Koyukuk district. In the Kougarok dis
trict there ia much disappointment. The
country is spotted and many claims are
proving blanks.
A third man has -been found to be
among the victims of the Unimak Island
murder of June 2. He is J. P. Rooney of
Seattle. Two suspects are under arrest at
Unalaska as the murderers of the Suther
land brothers. Their names are Hardin
and Ashton.
PORT TOWNSEND, Aug. 19.— Th©
steamer John G. Klmball, from Xome
August 8, arrived this afternoon. Passen
gers on the. Klmball brine hard-luck stor
ies from Jfome. and say that when winter
sets in there will be the usual number of
destitute men, who will have to face star
vation or be given transportation to Pu
get Sound. Most of these had money
when reaching Nome, but through their
efforts to reach reported strikes have ex
pended their last dollar and are now seek
ing work, while the labor market is al
ready oversuppiied.
The strike fever has reached the north, i
and all miners on Daniel* Creek have quit
work, demanding $1 an hour, or $7 CO per
day and board. The former wages were $3
and board. Claim owners refuse their de
mand.
MOTORS INSTEAD
OF LOCOMOTIVES
An anriMcatior from the ministers of
Denver for a hearing upon the divorce
question was considered to-dav, and it
was decided to give them half an hour
to-morrow.
To-day's session was executive and was
devoted to organization and mapping out
of the real work, which will largely con
sist of reports ard recommendations to
tho General Association.
The uniformity cf laws pertaining- to
agriculture was a!so considered.
DENVER. Colo.. Aug. 19.— The National
Conference of Commissioners on Uniform
Suite Law?, which is made up of commis
sions created by the different States, met
at the Brown Pa'.ace Hotel to-day to con
sider an act to establish a uniform law
relative to divorce procedure. The con
ference will discuss a change In the in
m:ranee laws with a view to uniformity.
The president of the conference Is Judge
Lyman D. Erewster of Danbury, Conn.,
v. ho is also chairman of the committee of
the American Bar Association, which has
the same object In view. The conference
Is distinct from the American Bar Asso
ciation, but all the members are affiliated
with the latier organization and will at
tend the convention, which begins in this
City on Wednesday next.
The Commissioners, usually three from
each State, are appointed under laws of
the respective States creating them, usu
ally for five years, with authority to con
fer with Commissioners of the other
States and recommend forms of bills or
measures to bring about uniformity of
laws in the execution and proofs of deeds
ard wi!ls, in the laws of bills and notes.
marriiiEre and divorce and other subjects
where such uniformity seems practicable
and desirable.
Thirty States and two Territories have
established commissions. Several States
have laws creating commissions, but
either ar>r>ointments have never been
made or have lapsed.
At the last meeting: of the conference
boards the committee having in charge
the question of divorce, which is the sole
question cf importance for consideration
at this meeting in Denver, made recom-
Kiendaticrs for a uniform law relative to
divorce
Final action upon this subject will prob
ably be taken :it the present meeting.
Spend Their Last Dollar. in
the Pursuit of Phantom
Fortunes.
Conference "Will Recommend
Some Practicable and
Needed Changes.
Will. Face Starvation
With the Coming of
Winter.
Actors Do Good Work in Trashy Drama at the Columbia While the Best That May Be Said of
Miss Hilda Spong Is That She Is Good to Look at— "Men and Women" Is Successfully
Produced by the Central Theater Stock^ Com pany---The Orpheum Presents a .Good ;Bill
State Commissioners to
Discuss Uniform
Legislation. .
DIVORCE LAWS
NOT AMENDED
"LADY HUNTWORTH'S EXPERIMENT" A CHEAP
PLAY UNREDEEMED BY ITS GILT SETTING
MANY AT NOME
ARE PENNILESS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALLi TUESDAY, AUGUST 20, 1901.
9
SAVES MEAT
UEBIG
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
OF BEEF
Makes Meat Co Further
Makes Soup Taste RicherTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALk. TUESDAY^; AUGUST 20, 1901.
10
SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL.
TJCSINESS OFFICE or The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 18 o'clock every nlgrht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
c«-r-i»r Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
?"0 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
fS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
flS Larkln etr*et: open until 9:30 p. m.
¦"« JVfFlen street: open until 10 p. m.
?*S1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. xn.
I* 1 -* Kieventfc street: open until 9 p. m.
I* 1 ** Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
North-sr-Et corner Twenty-second and Ken-
ttwfcr streets; open until 9 p. m.
2?no nnmor* street: opfn until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. ' m
wl!! meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- «JV«
ING. Augurt 20. at 7:30 o'clock. Stated J\J\
meeting and M. M. Decree. By order *
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN GATE Lodre No. 30, F. and ¦
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES-^fV_
DAT) EVENING, st 7:30 o'clock. De- jLJS\
--Tee Three. By order of W. M. ' ~
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— First Degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Master tSJk
Masons Invited. ' VA
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— «
Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) J%m
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second De- T^K
sree. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary. * v
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. ,*G3BSZfc.
F.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) Jg*£lS55==
EVENING.
W. T. LYON. N. G. ''•Wi*'"*-
MERCEDES Oil & Development Co.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.— A special meeting of the stock-
holders of this company Trill be held at the
offlre of the president. 406 Rutter St., on Fri-
day, Aug. 23, 1901. at 8 o'clock p. m. By
order of the board of directors.
J. C. H. EDWARDS. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777, Mis-
sion St., 6an Francisco. Cal., on FRIDAY.
August 21 1901. at 8 o'clock p. m.. for the
election of directors for the ensuing term,
and also to consider an amendment to the by-
laws reducing the number of directors from 9
to 7. and the transaction of such other busi-
ness a* may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close Tuesday. August 20. at 4
o'clock p. xn. By order of the board of dl-
rectors. M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS everywhere to sell stock "gold
mine" ; good pay. Newton & Harter." 759 Mkt.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING, j
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, eidewalks re-
palrefl; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free:divorces private bankruptcy; col-
lections ;attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships :deeds; wills drawn ;fees low ;op*n
eve's. THURSTON. 1008*4 Mkt.. r. 4. op. Sth.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market.cor.Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 897 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
raptcy. estates, general practice; mod, fees.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
TT. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket rt. : consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 295S.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with her own home will board children;
reasonable: near school. 4023 Twenty-fifth St.
5 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
*t'b carp*. $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— $350; DELICACY store and branch bakery
with 3 furnished rooms; rent $18; location
fli-Ft-cIass; owner accepted State position.
Call on R. G. WILKIE. 26*£ Kearny st.
A— J700; CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
ing rooms on O'Farrell st.; rent $25: good
*->usin*>6s: owner to leave city. R. G. WILKE,
2fiVt Kearny Et.
A-$4.V); . RESTAURANT and' coffee saloon* 2
blocki* from corner Market and Stockton sts.:
rent $30; must sell at once: ovwr to leave
fr>r Manila. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— *250; SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi-
npss; net profits at least $100 per month: rent
US: come, see and satisfy yourself. R G.
WILKE. S6H Kearny gt.
A — *13W): COFFEE saloon and restaurant- ope
Mock south of Market st.: dally receipts from
5S0 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*6 Kearny st.
A— «500: FIRST-CLASS In prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle build-
ing; come, investigate and *ou will find a
FDlendld investment. Call R. G. WILKE
16*4 Kearny st.
"WANTED — An active young man as a partner
In an established cash business: duties easily
acquired; profits will average $100 a month to
each: no night or Sunday work: capital re-
qulred $300. DOKT^ELLY CO.. 632 Market st.
CIGAR store, fine location, could not be bet-
ter; fixtures up-to-date: will sell for less
than Us value on account sickness. Business
Boarfl Trade. 526 Pine st.
fiSO-PARTXER wanted: Indoor business-
•steady man. McLaughlln & Co., 777*4 Market.
NOTICE TO ACTIVE MEN-Agents wanted at
once in all parts of California, Washintrton
and Oregon to handle a large body of cheap
land: quick action; good commission. For
full particulars address "box 4764. Call office.
J300-PARTNER wanted: light business; must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required: trial
given before buying. 25 Geary St.. room 1.
FOR SALE-Flrst-class family liquor store
Apply to BEN J. GOLDMAN CO.. 119 Bush. '
ILLUSTRATOR wants partner to establish an
advertising cgency. Box 335S. Call office.
I^?v feEtlva1 ' s<> P temt >er 9. Glen Park-Bids
•will be received by the committee on conces-
sions of Celtic Union for restaurant, photo-
*rraph. lee cream stands, wheels of fortune
and side show privileges, the committee
"•serving the right to reject any and all bid?
Bids will be received until August 27 Ad-
dress THOMAS F. ALFORD. office of Irish
Festival Committee. 582-83 Parrott building.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
$3000 In an optical business; must either he
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts • ebout $1500 to
J2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLK. German Expert Optician. 1071»4 Mar-
Vet St., San Francisco. " •
FOR sale— At invoice price, the merchandise
rtore of CXOPHJS & CO.. Santa Rosa, with
Its tiro branches, one at Sebastopol and one
Bt HeaWsburg. as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
or soiling. For particulars address CXOPIUS
A- CO.. ganta Rosa.
GARDENING business, containing all tools
horse ana wagon: good chance for Industrious
man. Inquire 410 Maple et. >«u«ius
TOR SALE- Butcher shop; a splendid oppor-
FXA1 f- I Rest A ' iur ant- lady or -rentleman; Email
<-npltal. Apply g Washington st.
tonr.nc.HODSEs for sale.
A. CAMERON & CO..
tSO Market st. and S Stockton ut ' : '?
Rooms 21, 22 snd 23. Phone Bush 32?
II. you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell llFt with us. We have cash customers
.or ell sizes end prices. Sse list of bargains
a r.: rent $350; cor.; fine loc. & trans..$4000
*» r.: l»nt $l, a ; cor.; pood loc.. fur., carp 5000
F« r.: t-Mit S200; cor.; fine beard -r (00
r« r.: rent $115*. cor.: clears $100 " J600
Money loaned on deferred payments. 1*4 "p <•
IS r. : rent $65; cor. Van Ness; boarders i'fto
10 r.: rent $"«: fur.: piano: must sell..]; 6T, 0
3 tn.12 rms. flats: elegant: $ir.o to isoo
Orel- 500 hou<«es listed. Call before buying.
JllfiO— 13 ROOMS; F.I 1 is: close in. !
t7M$— 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all
fC * — "4 roome; O'FsjtoU: rent $45; bargain.
fT.00 — S-.-oom fiat; Krand furniture rent $25
Jiioo— 17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55. : "T
«*5T— ? rooms; row being furnished.
rciOO— 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity
W<* loan moiwijn any nropocition. DONALD
rxVi-STMEXTTD., 650 Market et.
ATTENTION*. BUYERS! '
Tou may buy any roomlnp-house In
«he city and pay for it
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the ¦ house.
V«c*nt ''.mi*** furnished - - '
DONALD IN-VEPTMKN'T CO.. 850 Market.
FIPHER & CO.. 935 Market: Phone Folsom 1W2
75 R.....$W.0nn 27 n....-.$5500 !«-R..'.;.$lf!06
«) R...:. 3.000 27R lStt) IS n KM
n *».y... !.«¥»• je r....;' 550 12 R 450
19 R.".... SCO -S R. ...-.' 300 6 R 300
WrvpTIN g. WOLF, IP:S~MTrkeT"sI!
T> rooms: rent $15; reduced to $12.V»
57 rooms; corner: rent $75 r. 1500
J"?r. ttxctb" a mon^y-maker: see it.
?s rer.ir.F: moo>m; .''nst listed.
$r*-TjnnGT*\'O-HOP£E B rocms; r.»nt SIS; a
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777W Market.
LODGIXr. nOlTSES FOR > s * T 'E — Cow .
H. C. DECKER:. •.••••.
," 1020 . Market St.. opp. Fifth. .Tel. Mint 796.
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms. $50 to $25.0C0
150 lodging-houses, 6 to COO rms, $100 to.. 2U.0C0
40 fiats,3 to 12 rooms. $80 to .- 750
31 bw-.rdlng-houses. 10 to 100 mis, $S50> to lO.lX'O
?) hotels. 40 to 200 room?, $1000 to.. 8,000
40' grocery stores. $'00 to M00
20 candy stores. $300 to.. 6.000
40 "saloons. $400 to...". • .'6,000
10 cigar stores, $300 to. • — -1.000
500 other businesses, all kinds.' $100 to.. 20.0«i0
JOO vacant lots, $23 to........: ..:.:.* MOO
75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. W),'rtMi
5 chicken ranches. $100 to 1.70U
tO ranches, everywhere. $300 up :..... 14.000
...To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call...
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.!
BOSTON Agency. 1016 Market St.. opp. Fifth-
It will pay buyers to call and investigate our
business chances for this week. A 30-room
house, rent $25; 56-room house, good location;
L'2-room house, rent $25; 11-room house, a
great bargain- 15-room house, located on
Market St., rent $30. must be sold, party go-
Ing East. good, chance; grocery and bar. low
rent; good chances In cigar and candy stores;
second-hand furniture store, good location,
low rent stock represents its -value, price
$1500. McBRlDE& CO., 1016. Market. St., opp.
Fifth. - ¦ ¦ •
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
See these samples from big list at my office:
CO-room hotel: clears $375 a month $6500
8 rooms; rent $25; clears $25 each month 325
22 rooms; crowded with nice families;
almost no work; only. $60 rent -. 1400
14 rms.; rent $45; Income $82 from 6 rms.
50 rms.; cor. apartment house: clears $145 2500
44 rms.: sunny: quiet; furn.. carpets Al:
rent only $120; house clears $150 month 3000
ATTENTION, buyers— Come In and see our list
of fine paying lodging-houses for sale or ex-
chanee before buying. A. H. RETSLOFF,
906 Market St., cor. t Kills, room 12.'
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G.-W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth ¦ st.)
WILL exchange for lodging-house; 30 acres
part In fruit; 5-r. house, barn, horses, cows,-
chickens and tools. Donnelly Co.. 632 Market.
$200—8 ROOMS; nicely furnished; a pick-up.
437*6 Fourth St.; rent $20.
SPIRITUALISM.
FREE testsLto ladies every morning the bal-
ance of thfir» month, every Wednesday and
Friday afternoon and evening; no circles
held; all tests private; no money accepted for
tests; palmistry, clairvoyance and medlumls-
tle talents developed in others under writ-
ten guarantee in 90 days or no charge: it
costs not one cent to test my ability ami
your talents; call to-day. FRANKLIN, 363
Geary st. <
COME & #ee C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Frl.. 8 p. m., SOc; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's record medal Paris
*Fai:-. 10S4 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkln st.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,Wed.
and Frl. evenings. 1025 Market st. (no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance. 1ms. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY" S proof positive test seance to-
night ;everyore gets communication ;full name
and questions ans., 23c. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m.; every one gets a test: prl-
vate readings dally. 299 Hyde St.. cor. Eddy.
A— TO-NIGHT; benefit entertainment and
dance for Sister Julia. 10c. 909 Market st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St.. 2rt floor.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-nlght. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Frl..
8 p. m.; Wed.. 2:30 p. m.; 10c: read, dally.- 50c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests,
10c: readings dally. SOc. $1. US Sixth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 16C1.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittincs dally: test to all to-nteht. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
mmeTm~bernard.
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
pening? and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented., un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be .told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
Joe up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
.HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall: permanently
located at 123 Turk st. : readings by mail.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figure?; gives luck; honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated,
net one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born. with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies SOc.
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate — Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist, reader of human destiny: never falls;
25c, 50c. 1203 Mission St.; phone Howard 2675.
ISMAR. ¦ the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clalrvovant. card reader.
German Epoken;23c up. 777%Market st.,room 18
I M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a.m. to 8 p. m.; 50c. 326A Ellis.
j MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist: past,
present, future. 1C8 Sixth et., second floor.
MME. LTDIK LIND MAY, psychic and Fcien-
tiflc palmist; ladles SOc, gents $1. 12S Turk.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladies 25c,
gents 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
Mrs.Mallory.clalrvoyart card reader; when oth-
ers f<iil consult me; L. 2uc. G. 50c. 1538 Markt.
REMOVED to 1.-.S3 Market. Mrs. Dr. Valeen.
clalrvoy.. palmlFt. life reader; sittings dally.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 44S*£ Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: namps given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
pend-to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357. Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.':
I tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
j BEATING, 3c; laying, 3c; renovating. 5c up;
j work guaranteed. T. R. Co.: phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. rarpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Work.".
233 Golden Gate ave. ;- telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 28-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
ratlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleared at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. Z Eighth ft. : ¦ telenhon" .Tpes!<» 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, werts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
j PHOF.StraPsburger fromN.Y.. specialist on feet:
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. : Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.,/
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^hargTun-
j ley* Fiiccegi-fiil. Room 310. 927 Market st.
j COTTAGES TO LET.
TO RENT— Nicely furnished cottage; rent $15.
30 Dearborn St. ¦ . •
DETECTIVE AGENCIES. '.> r .
licCABE'S Detective Agency handleTXirTegu"
Imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 22B-324. San Francisco: t«*l. South 3.S1.
nRESSMAKKBS AXO SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clas3 rates; patterns cut.' 1019 Market st. .
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Pest, over O'Connor & MofTatt.
DEXTISTSr
A-DR/' T.~ S." HIGGINS ,~Y27~Market~'s'treetT
Emma Epreckels 1 building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
¦ guaranteed. ?5 -up; a good metal' plate $15;-
gold, and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the KLECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket Ft., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., vou can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns'
n TO tip: plavcs, '.stractions free. $4 50 up- ofl
fice hours, ? a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays o'to 2
, p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. ¦ D.. . Manager.
DEXTISTS Continued.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns. -plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions- or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method;' 20 years"
experience:' no students: ¦¦ advl«e .free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; ' lady* attendants./
DR.' GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.-.-^
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Peari.
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates S5; full set;. all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth
DR. A. C. '¦ KTCLLOGG— Experienced dentist;
•specialties, crown and bridge work' and ! the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH.813S4 Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
J leas a*tractlon SOc; plates %Z up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg."
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN' VROOM*-"PalnleEs"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth. , , : .
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G..
VOTTNO}. 1341 Polk st. ¦--'-"
DERMATOLOGISTS. x
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by electrolysis: facial massage with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st.
EDUCATIONAL. ; j
NIGHT SCHOOL 1fOR~MEN. ~-~-~-~~-p-~
A practical and industrial education for men/
Y. M. C A. building: more courses of .study
than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of, Mason
and Ellis sts.: opening night, Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning "September
1: departments — Art. business, civil- service,
elementary, engineering, high I school, lan-
• guaees. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. : 'experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured: 'cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter. tPaeher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught:- prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $30; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and - medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. , Phelan building. •
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mlnlng.rnech, sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve. : est. 18B4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
associp'ted with theatrical agency, securing po-
fltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures ; thp one man who per-
fects b»einnerF. college cratf-mes & bookkeep-.
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
I A FULL course of Ell's bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs onlv.JffiO. - San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st.^-
CHICAGO Business 'College. 1435 Mkt. nr' 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bcokkeep. $6 mo.
SPANISH Ieppnns by competent old Castilian
! teacher. PROF. MAYA, 210 Eddy st. *
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, imitar
Iegsons. 50et piano for practice. 33 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.';
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free. ; /
PIANO and German: nunil of Leioslc Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, crsrnmar. writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese Tie!p~of~all kinds:
cooks.; waiters and house servant*. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment. Of flee— All kinds be?t
help furnished. 439 Bush St.: 'tel. "James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
¦ reliable help. 524 Bush at.; teL Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411*4 O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426. .
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
y WANTED-4y lady excellent capabilities, post-
\ tlon as companion to invalid or elderly lady,
i or competent housekeeper where help is kept;
/ best references. Box 4709, Call office. ¦
'A YOUNG woman wants situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking. Call 314 Laguna
8t., near Oak. ..—
WOMAN of experience would like to rent or
take charge of lodging house. C. C. BER-
EKDES, 819 Mission St.
A YOUNG woman wishes work by the day;
washing or house cleaning. Address MRS.
HANSEN, SS6 Second St.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes to do
light housework; competent cook; city or
country. 136 Fifth St., between Howard and
Mission. . !
A FIRST-CLASS cook would like to get place
In hotel, restaurant or boarding-house; city or
country: cook English. French, German and
Hungarian. Call 242 Natoma et., basement.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, perfect
fitting, latest styles; costumes remodeled;
$1 50 per day in families. Address Dress-
maker, Box 4918, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day:
washing, ironing, sweeping, dressmaking or
'any kind of work; $1 50 per day. Call or ad-
dress 148 Sixth st., room 22.
A COMPETENT girl wishes situation as cook
In American family, city; good references;
wages, $25 to $30. 1626 Devisadero st., near
Sutter. f
TWO sisters would like positions; one as first-
class cook, the other upstairs work; best of
references, t Address Box 4938, Call office.
WANTED— Day's work ~by a first-class
laundress: has best of references. 843 Frank-
lin St., Oakland.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation In Prot-
estant family to do light housework; wages
no object; references./ Box 4941, #all office.
TWO Swedish girls wish situations to do light
housework. 42 Elliot Park, off Steiner.st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation; Is ! first-
class cook. 631 Bartlett st.
A WOMAN wants work by the "day. Call at
448 Howard St.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman:
city or country; moderate wages. Call at 510
Third st. , - . - ..,¦ .
WANTED— Situation by good, plain cook In
American family; wages $25. Call at 118 Clara
Et., between Fourth and Fifth.
WANTED— By middle-aged lady to do upstairs
work and take care of children; references
given. Call . or address 3305, Twenty-fourth.
DANISH girl wishes any kind of work by the
day. 1331 Fulton st.
JAPANESE gh-1. honest, faithful, wishes aiT-
uatlon at housework or plain cooking In fam-
, Ily. Box 4917, Call office. . . .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nlght;~$l 50 to
J6 week: convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry. : .. .'. l - ..;.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ¦'.
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia Et. . ¦ . " - ; -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. .
A YOUNG man of 30 going to Japan, China,
India, etc., would like to represent some solid
business house in a staple line where push,
talk and New York business experiences
would . be . worth a- good income. • D. LOVE,
CIO Post st. . ' N
MIDDLE-AGED man. familiar with the city,
¦wants to drive and . care ¦ for one • or , two
horses. Box "4939, Call, office. •• .
GENTLEMAN going to Australia wants to
take charge of Invalid in exchange for ex-
pense?. Box 4919, . Call : office. . : • . . : ¦-, \
MIDDLE-AGED man of - good' habits wants: a
position In' wholesale house; . grocery . and
wine company preferred; good references. ¦ Box
493G Call office. : - j .¦_---'.. . ¦'¦.-- - :; >. ; ....
POSITION desired' by young man competent in'
stenography, typewriting, bookkeeping and
general ' office work; good . references ¦ furn-
lshed. Box 4720,. Call office. . ;--¦,..-,.•
WANTED— Position _• ' In ¦ shipchandlery - and-
commission' business: nine years', experience.'
Address Box 4934, Call office.. .......
USEFUL man wants . work ; understands care
' of horses,- cow, garden and ? chickens; handy
with tools: good references.; Address Useful
box 4920, Call office. ¦:/- ¦-.. ¦'„ ,¦ .¦...-/.
TWO young : Filipinos,' 18 years of : age,; desire
situations together as waiters or. dishwashers;
in, country, hotel. 1 . 405 : Bflehanan Bt. ' .; -r_; .••.*.:;.>
POSITION' wanted-by man 37; l strong;* active;"
in" wholesale house. Box: 4SSC, Ca.ll*iofflce:*i;«
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE*:' "
STUDENT of the Lick - School wishes": to work
•outside of school hours for", his board: experi-
ence in garden and house work. Address C.~
K. BLACK, C05 O'Farrell .St. . .;. ' " '¦ '.
POSITION, wanted by, man of 26; willing to
work; experienced in carriage • goods. Ad-.
dress box JS9S. Call office. ; ¦
ELECTRICIAN, first-class Inside wireman
(non-union), wants work by -the "day or Job. ;
Address -1417 Brush St., Oakland.. ¦'-: ' '
WILLING. man wishes situation in a wholesale
or retail liquor store- understands rectifying
a Httle; good references. Box 4741, Call office.
NIGHT watchman for permanent place; best of
references. Box . 4855. . Call office. .
EXPERIENCED Japanese cook and baker
wants situation; hotel, boarding-house or prl-
.¦• vate family: first-class Vp every respect. Ad-
dress E; MORIMOTO, 923 Sacramento st. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and"
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia s.t. .- ... , : ,...¦* ¦ ¦¦¦:' ¦-¦ - -
lo^Zlv^rl,. „ „ E . XCH A rc/f H" ,.-„„ ~^^~^~.
A DOUBLE seat tricycle; cost $300. What
¦ have. you"? Address HOLTUM, 517 California
st.. S.-F. •*'- ..-•-.: A -¦
. i FEATHERS REXOVATED^
'FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. K.J.O"Rourke,1393-Valencia;tel.Capp 26S7.-
FINANCIAL.:
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
t-~ have 42 offices in operation ; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg. •
'¦ ' . .l : 4; FLATS TO LET. \\^.. ¦'. ¦'"
WILLIAMS. , 117, near Post— Flat of . 4 rooms
and bath. Apply 729 Ellis et. 'C? '
$20— WORTH $25— Fine sunny flat; 2206 Grove st,
one-half block from Park. LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st. : ,
COLE, 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick sts>.—
Fine rew sunny flets, 7 rooms and bath;
V rent reasonable.
NEW upper sunny modern flat. 6 rooms and
bath.- 975 Golden Gate ave., opposite Jeffer-
son Square. '/.- ¦
HANDSOMELY furnished » flat desirable part
California Bt. Box 4752, Call office. J ¦¦/ ¦.
EDDY. 933— Upper fiat. 4 sunny rooms; bath;
stairs -carpeted; no children; fine location.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat; 6 rooms, bath,
yard, basement; reasonable to good tenants.
OLIVE ave. 113 — 4 rooms and^bath; key* at
Polk and O'Farrell sts., near by; $18.
ONLY 1 left; new, sunny, 7 rooms; modern, up-
to-date, marine view. Van Ness and Union.
¦SAN ¦ JOSE ¦ ave.rui,' near Twenty-fourth st. —
Nice modern sunny fiat, 5 rooms and bath, $1S.
$22 130—1243 CLAY St.; 7 rooms and bath; fine
view. .. . ¦- ." ¦ ' - ' •
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat to rent; 5 rooms; neat and
comfortable; gas stove. Box 4935. Call office.
/FURNITURE FOR|SALE.
FURNITURE of CO-room house: 'can be seen
at J049 M&rket St.: bids wtll.be received until
10 A. m. TUESDAY, Aug. 20. For terms, etc.,
apply 521 Market st. . '
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat for sale; reason-
able. Apply 1150 Mission st. ¦ -
FURNITURE XV ANTED. "
CAL Auction Co.." 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071. ,.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp, 3 Golden Gate
ave.: tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furlnture. see Abram's
. Auction House, 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 7G1 ¦ before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
.price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red. 1354.
GLOYTES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE. ¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Geary street.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. .
Housekeeper, hotel, city ¦'. ..........$25
-Head waitress, city ...........$35
.2 waitresses," Marysville, fare paid... ...... $20
Waitress, Colusa, fare paid $20
Waitress, Institution, found and washing... $25
Waitress,. Walnut Creek .$20
Waitress, Monterey $23
2 waitresses, Petaluma $20
Man and wife, waiter, waitress, country. $40
Waitress, Napa .;..... ....$20
Waitress, springs $20
Chambermaid to wait. Woodland $25
. Chambermaid to 'wait,-- Sonoma -.-. .....$20
10 waitresses, hotels, restaurants, city, $20-130
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
2 sisters cr friends, places together...... $35-$23
"Woman with a child $13
2 •working housekeepers $15
40 places, country, fares paid ...'..$20
2 first-class waitresses, country hotel, see
party here, fare paid $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...........
2 head waitresses. $25 and $30: 8 waitresses,
different commercial hotels, $20 and $25; 3
waitresses. Salt Lake City; 6 waitresses, city.
$20; 2 arm waitresses, choice place, country,
$6 week and room, fares paid; 4 chamber-
maids to wait, $20. . I
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .........
Second girl. 'San Rafael, $20; second girl,
, Berkeley. $20; second girl, St. Helena. $25;
nurse girl, one baby, $20; cooks and house
girls, city and country, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary.
WANTED— Parlor maid and waitress, $25: sec-
ond girl and . seamstress, $25;- cook, no wash,"
$30, short distance, fare paid; 2 laundresses,
private families, $25, $30; laundress, hotel. $25;
German nurse, $25; invalid nurse, $20; 2
chambermaids. $25; 2 working housekeepers,
$25-$30; 8 hotel waitresses, $20, city and coun-
try; a large number of housegirls. $20. $25,
$30, for city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 -gutter .fit. •
8 COOKS, city. German style $30.to-.$35
• cooks for small hotels $30
I second girls, Alameda; girl, Oakland,$20-$25
3 houseglrls, Oakland. Alameda......: $25
12 housework Kirls, city.... ..$25
20 girls to assist $12 to $20
MISS HORGAN.... -.323 Sutter st.
WANTED— German Protestant girl for general
housework; wages $20; 3 in family. Call In
the morning,' 2517 Octavla st.
Girl with references for cooking and some
housework. Apply- 2201 Broderick St., cor.
Washington, bet. '10 and 3. ; •
WANTED— Chambermaid, German; good place;
/.must have experience; $25 month • and found.
HARBRIDGE & CO., 323 Kearny St. .
WANTED— Young girl to assist In housework.
Call at 1 Broderick St., between 9 and 12
to-day. ...
APPRENTICE for custom corsets; errands:
, paid : while learning. MME. WALTER, 503
Powell st. • ¦ < '
YOUNG ' German ¦ girl for care of 3-year-old
boy. Call Tuesday morning, 1305 Van Ness.
YOUNG girl to take care of baby and assist
•In. light housework. 1629 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Nurse girl; wages $15. Call 1915
Broderick at. ¦ . ¦ •
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and manicure.. Ap-
ply at the Emporium hair department.
GOOD, reliable middle-aged woman to do light
housework. C40 Bay St. -7 .--. "• ,
WANTED — Apprentice, I must be good sewer,
for bushellng shop. .Apply SS6V& Bush.SKIFF. 1
YOUNG • girl- to assist light housework and
care of ¦¦ small child. 2502 Fols-om st.
A YOUNG girl for, general housework; wages
$15. 2732 Folsom St.. : > . : ."^.
YOUNG • elrl for cooking, general housework:;
4 adults; wages $25. Call forenoon, 2721 Clay.
WANTED— A finisher on • vests; first-class
.work; wages 59 50. Apply 461 Jessie st. . .
YOUNG girl' to do light housework. 1619 Sut-
:.' ter st.- ; : - ,\ _\, . ¦-..-, :¦¦:_ ¦¦¦¦ .
WANTED — Neat young girl for general house-
work: 2 in family. - 17SS Sutter st. • >
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts" and over-
alls. HEYNEMANN & CO.,:410 Mission st.
GIRL fcr confectionery with . some < experience.
Address 1247 Polk - st. ¦¦.•¦/:
WANTEYJ— First-class talloreis on pants. . 211
v Tehama; St.; -upstairs. -J :¦:¦-•¦'._• .\-:. .'.¦¦^.¦v,.-...-,
GOOD girl for cooking and some washing. Ap-
. . ply Tuesday at 1802 Pacific ' ave. '- •:
WANTED^-General tallorese. 1 715 Valencia nt. :
WANTED^-Girl, to take care, of. 2 children and
light, housework. : 47 - Tehama.*' - -. : ;.-
EXPERIENCED operator on pants. 36 Geary
;-. str; room > 33.. -.-.~ *¦.-.% •; , >-. .. - .-,, .; -..:?. .-¦ -_
WANTED— Girl In candy store. 943 s Flll-
;; more; st.' . >• ;;_" ; .-. : ---.; '¦¦ ¦ , '• '¦¦»¦ •;
WANTED— A. nnrse girl for child 8 years old;
references required. ,^-Apply .1392 Geary ¦ st. -X- v;
W ANTED-^A plain i cook." Apply 2932 Jackson
"?¦ st.. between ¦ 9 and 12. .r , . - .'¦¦". ' ¦ ¦¦ i
A YOUNG "girU to assist" In • housework. '486
¦Eddy. st. ' — . " - ¦; -
HELP WAKTED— FEMALE— Con. -
GIRL"', with experience -for bakery, 1 to attend
¦store;- wages $20. Call .992 Valencia St.* ,-
EXPERIENCED chocolate dipper wanted. 869
Market -st. • ¦¦'
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
small family; wages $15. 1401A Scott et.
GIRL for housework and assist with cooking.
Apply 522 Golden Gate ave.
A GIRL for liitht upstairs work and care. of
child. 1S3G Sutter st. . ...
WANTED Immediately, women' and girls ¦ to
: work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 'Braq-
nan st. . , . - , . - '
~~~~ — " "~ / " ". ~ ~ ~
EXPERIENCED canners 'for '-¦ fruit; . steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
• neries Co., 425 Brannan st. . . .
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; both
piece and. day work: steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts. . :
, CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO-
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply. at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Canners*
- ¦- Association, : corner Seventh and Berry sts.
WANTED— German girl: must be" good 'cook;
*J references required. Call bet. 10 and 12 or
5 and 6. 1640 Pine st '
WANTED— An experienced waist hand: only
flrgt-class need apply. 1264 O'Farrell st.
A YOUNG girl to assist with second work and
plain sewing.- 1072 Ellis Kt.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted at bookblndery,
422 Sacramento st. ¦ ¦ '
GIRL who understands German cooking and
.' general housework. 1440 O'Farrell st.' -. •
GIRL for cooking and housework: small fam-
ily. 1S10 Laguna st.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking; small fam-
ily. 2120 Post st. • ¦ •
WANTED— 2 experienced waitresses; good sal-
ary to right person. 20 Third at. , • -
YOUNG girl for housework and plain cooking;
good wages. Call bet. 8 and 12, 213 Broderick.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; 2 In
family. Apply at 1705 Gough st., .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' under-
, skirt*;, steady work; good pay. A. AARON,
579 Mission st. .-" ' , ¦
YOUNG girl to assist with light upstairs work ;
German Dreferred. • 1018 Sutter st.
ELDERLY woman can find good home, small
wages, for housework, country. Box 4775,. Call.
EXPERIENCED waist hands: good pay.
JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery at. ¦ -
INTELLIGENT woman ! with business train-
Ing who can travel. Box 4908, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS button hole maker and finisher
on vests. $12 week; steady work. 919*4 Howard.
WANTED— Young girl for general housework.
Call 4C5 Sutter st. »
EXPERIENCED bookfolders;also an apprentice
wanted; steady work. Bookbindery, 626 Clay.
WANTED— (Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folso-y st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor. Agents...
\ 634-636 Clay st. .
Office Open 7 a. m.
..SHIP R. R. MEN TO-DAY :....
75 teamsters Uklah. Free Fare
100 laborers Ukiah Free Fare
23 men to cut right of way.... .: Ukiah
Free Fare .Wages $2 and $2 2i
Camp Cook R R. Camp Free Fare
Blacksmith. R. R. camp, Ukiah... .Free Fare
SANTA FE R. R.
SANTA FE R. R.
250 men to work on section, ballast, steel and
other gangs, Stockton, Merced, Fresno and
along, the Santa Fe system.
Free Fare .Wages $175 day
S. P. R. R.— 330 Men. »
: :.. MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT..."
Blacksmith R. R. Camp Free Fare
7 blacksmiths for other places; 2 blacksmiths'
helpers; floorman, shoeing shop; woodworker
and wheelwright, country shop, $2 50 day:
carriage painter, country shop, good Job, $3
day; band sawyers, country planing mill, $3
day; 2 stonecutters;, safemaker; machine
blacksmith; horseshoer, co/ntry .shop $40 and
found. . ¦ y - -
..MINES. QUARRY, TUNNEL, ETC ".
Married furnace man, $65; 5 single hand
miners, $75; 10 drillers, $2 to $2 50 day; 15
muckers, mine... $60 and found
'5 laborers, quartz mine, north, .$75; 10 labor-
ers for mine, no experience -required, $45 and
.found; 6 laborers, mine, surface work, Napa
Co., $40 and found; 3 laborers, southern mine,
$42 and found; 55 laborers, mines ;- 10 men to
unload cars/of coke for mining. company; 33
. laborers for quarry work. .V
50 laborers, . ditch work, .Shasta Co.. reduced
fare; 17 drillers. $75; 5 tunnel men, $90; 15
laborers for other kinds of Jobs In city and
country, wages from $1 50 to $4 day.
AGRICULTURAL DEPT ...........
51 farmers for steady jobs $25 to $35 and fd
15 ranch teamsters $25 to $40 and found
G men for threshing outfit ..$40 and found
23 orchard and vlneyard"hands..$26 to $30 & fd
10 fruit pickers, fare $1 SO $30 and found
25 hay balers. 13c and 20c per ton, $2 day and
found ¦
2 milkers, city dairy, $35; 5 milkers, coun-
try. $30 and $35...
Butter maker and milker, Marin County. -$oO
. " 15 choremen and choreboys, ranches and pri-
vate, $15 to $30 and found
¦ 5 men to work on hop ranch..,. $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
Gardener, institution $25 and found
Laborer for retail coal yard, city $2 day
¦Milk wagon driver; 10 stablemen, hostlers and
buggy washers, $30 to $60; man to work In
coal yard, $20 to $25 and found .'..
Gardener. Santa Clara County.. $30 and found
Boy to help on express wagon, city
10 woodchoppers, mine company $175 cord
10 men to work on fruit and hop ranches,
$30 to $35 and found; choreman. private place.
$25; overseer, for a gentleman's place; 2 men
for barley crusher. $32 50 and found
Free Fare. ......Laborers No Experience
10 laborers, no experience required, to work
around brick yard, $30 and found, free fare.
......HOTEL. BAKERY, ETC.. DEPTS
. Steward for a club. $40 and found; sausage
maker, $35 and found; 3 cooks, country hotels,
$40-|45 ; cook, family resort; 3 ranch cooks;
3 camp cooks; 10 waiters, $30 and $35; '3 camp
'waiters. $30 and, $20; 3 potwashers. 17 dish-
washers; 8 kitchen- hands; 5 porters; 3 bak-
ers; 4,butchers; 10 bakers' helpers; steward;
head waiter; dishwasher for • officers' mess.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
FARMER for small ranch. $25: farmer for fruit
ranch, $25; farmer and wife, email ranch,
$45 to $50; milker, $30; 2 chorpmen, $20 and $25;
Geiman to work in wine cellar, $150 day;
laborers, 52 to $4 day; gardener, $30; 4 miners.
$2 day and board; man to pack apples and
make cider, $30 and board, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
COOK, country hotel, . $50 and part fare ad-
vanced; second cook, $35; • 3 cooks, small
houses, $30 and $<C; cook for fruit ranch, $1
¦ day: hotel waiters, $30 and $35, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.. 323 Kearny st.—
Hop pickers: free camping ground, wood and
water; good pay and long season; call and
register at once If you wish to go..... :..
150 teamsters .!...... $2
£0 graders ; $i 75
A — PORTER, hotel near city, $20; young bell-
. boy, $10; no experience necessary: dishwasher,
$7 week. MRS. M. E. DAY& CO., 335 Geary.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2« Montgomery.' rm. 12.
Buggy washer, country, $30 and found; bell
.-• boys, $15. " '-•:-.- . .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176. '
BARBERS' CERTIFICATES— Adeline Cope-
land. notary public, will ¦ Issue affidavits and
obtain certificates for barbers at room 28, .
, Crocker building, from 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
daily during the absence of the State Board
¦of Barber Examiners. -¦ ¦ ' -
WANTED^-Stevedores, seamen," firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages: per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged , on
steamer lying alongside; . men working for
~ the company and giving satisfaction at this
.-time will be given preference in future. Ap-
. ply to \ Pacific - Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
¦ •.. * ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦ .¦^'¦- -•¦¦.. ¦' ¦
LUMBER stevedores, . marine firemen, sailors,
woodworking machine hands, painters and an
elevator boy (non-union); no office fees. Me-
chanics' Registration Bureau, 410- Kearny st.,'
room 24. .
YOUNG man for stenographer and office work;
..references required: position permanent; state
salary expected. Box, 4S88, ¦ Call office. " ¦
WANTED— 100 additional honorably discharged
• . soldiers.". Apply at once. , room - 10. 325 Mont-
gomery st. L - Bring discharge . papers. ". »«tT£
EXPERIENCED gas ( fixture hanger; also • ex-
perienced ; boy as plumbers'' helper. ICKEL-
HEIMER BROS.. 28 Geary st. ; - ¦
WANTED — A first-class operator on coats. and
. underpressers, at HENRY HILP'S, 104-106
.Battery st ¦ - ' " ' •.'. .
WANTED— A 1 , young man" for domestic ¦ depart-
ment, dry' goods" house; references. T."A.,
'•;'¦ box ; 4662, Call " offlce.7j2s^3^p*sjjgg^3^^*g
WANTED— Drug j clerk for- Honolulu/ 'Apply
¦ at office of O. P. .DOWNING CO., 625 Mar-
ket, st: bet. "9 and . 12 Friday. '. •
ATC.'R. HANSEN & CO.'S .104 Geary st.
' Railroad work Railroad work
Free fare .* Free faro
¦ -.. FOR TRUCKEE rT...
3 stone masons $3 to $4
6 masons helpers .' "(2 to $2 25
50 laborers $1 73
•• FOR UKIAH
50 teamsters $2
50 laborers $2
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and headers V. $2 23 to $2 50
- 1(SJ muckers and laborers :... $2
FOR CAL. & N. W. RY
50 laborers, section work $1 75 to $2
• -" FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
25 laboreM, section work $1 7>
Free fare ..Ship daily Free fare
. 10 laborers, short distance In the country; $3
a day and found Free faro
4 blacksmiths, country shops, $2 50 to $3 50 a
• day: 20 laborers for mines and smelter, $2 to
$2 50 a day; 20 lumber pliers, $35; 20 farmers,
milkers, choremen and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook $75, broiler $60. hotel north, fares
advanced; second cooks, broilers and fryers,
$50 to. $70; baker, country shop, $45: 6 waiters,
city, $25 to $30; 20 dishwashers, kitchen hands.
potwashers and pastrymen $25 to $30
Janitor for a store. $10; 6 porters, city and
country. $20 and $23
. C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT the CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st, near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
.Railroad Laborers
Ukiah '. Uklah
FREE FARE
BO railroad laborers...... Uklah $2 per day
50 axnien and teamsters.. Uklah $2 per day
Free fare to JBakersfield and Fresno divisions
....50 shovelers for the Santa Fe Railroad....
..Reduced rates to Shasta and Trinity Cos..
10 tunnelrcen /., $3 per day
10 hammersmen ...$2 50 per day
20 laborers $2 25 per day
Sheepherder $25 per month and found
2 all-round ranch hands, 1. to assist in milk-
Ing, small ranch / $25 per month
Edgerman $4 per day
Painter ..$2 73 per day
Sawmill blacksmith.. $75 per month and found
WANTED— Men and boys. Apply American
Can Company, Seventh and Townsend sts.
STEADY young man with some cash; $30 per
month and board; no experience. 496 Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailors; steady positions.
H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes Tor sale; SOc up. 241 Thii«d St.
MAN to carry advertising sign on street; elder-
ly man preferred. 342 Kearny st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter at. ,
1 OR 2 carpenters wanted, with tools, at 8 a.
m.*- 1740 Ninth ave.. south of Park.
WANTED — A shoemaker for repairing: steady
Job. W. GREENBAUM, 345 Third st.
WANTED— A' second waiter at. 560 Howard st.
WAITER wanted. 16 Eddy st.
WANTED— Bootblack; wages $10 per week. At
217 Montgomery St., Russ House Baths. s
WANTED-A good boy from 16 to 17. Book-
store, 10J, Montgomery st. . . , .
GOOD waiter at 1201 Fillmore St.. corner Turk.
GOOD strong boy for awning work; must be
over 17 years of age. 1139 Mission st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second
hand shoes for sale; 50c_ up. 241 Third st.
A STRONG boy wanted to learn blacksmithing.
116S~Ml£sion st. *
WANTED— Elderly man to do chores around
bakery. 1139 Folsom. st.
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. In^
quire cor. Greenwich and- Baker sts.
,. 'UPHOLSTERER wanted: must understand his
business thoroughly and be able to repair fur-
niture; single man preferred; to such a man
steady employment will be given. Address
for 3 days box 4910. Call office.
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work:
pays $15 to $18 per week: steady place; must
have $150 cash. 765 Market St., room 3.
LAUNDRYMAN wanted; good washers and
starcher, $35 and $30; board and room. Stan-
ford Hand Laundry, Palo Alto.
COMPETENT man in bottling department of
liquor store. Address, stating experience and
references, box 4660. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Cash boys, 14 years of age and over
Apply HALE BROS.. Inc.
• RANCH, cook willing to do other work. 'Ca.ll
. 33 Fremont st.
* BARBER shop for sale cheap. 3142 Twenty-
fourth st.
1000 MEN wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining . Co.
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 23, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. •
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship -saved: examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated: wages while learning; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st. ¦
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 23: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 8 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For.
further information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. .Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. S06 Market.
WANTED— Collectors on salary. Apply 993 Post
st., 8-9 a. m.. 5-6 p. m. WaNW. LYON.
ELDERLY practical gardener can find steady
place; small wages; country. Box 4774, Call.
WANTED— Shoemaker, repair work; steady
man. Apply 4<2 Devisadero st. .
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom-
ery st.
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood raan-
¦- tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market st.
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59 Colum-
bian building.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2~o
to SOc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and zd sts.
WANTED-Men for light work on fruit. 1731
• Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near *Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth at. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WANTED— A business horse and buggy; will
- feed well and pay reasonable price for use
of same for two or three months. Box 4937,
Call office.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co. ; he . sells too cheap. 54 Eighth St.
40 HEAD of wcrfc and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard gt. . - ¦ ¦ :
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Lmted States or Canada one year for $1.
HOSPITALS.
MKNTAL & nervous diseases cared for at St
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass Bt.. San Fran!
- HOUSES TO "LET.
A-pRLvninr*nsTTio!js^
/. cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR . RENT — Large apartment, 723 Sutter. suit-
able for professional offices or general busi-
. ness; arranged to suit tenants. Apply to
ALMARIN B. PAUL. 27 Crocker building.
LOC P S t,T a T,1 * 624 - betWMn Golden Gate ave.
and McAllister st.. near Lagu.na-6 rooms
bath, basement. $16 50. *wms.
HOUSES TO LET— FURMISHEa
TO LET— Completely well furnished house" "of
9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
. r p!y t^7 9 D % > o t gfh I p O a r r e k. thllri *"*" "" "^ , A *'
location, all modern improvements: piano;
to lease one year; $75./ Box 115. Palo Alto.
¦ MATRIMONIAL.
fldentlal; lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
HOCSEsiwASTED^
WANTED— Modern house ox flat. S or 9 rocmi3r*l
north Market; about $40; 4 adults; no chil-
dren- will pay one or two years' rent In ad-
vance If Inducements offered in localiun.
housl. rent. etc. Address Good Care, box
4793. Call office*.
WELL and completely furnished house of 10
or^J rooms by adult family of four; north
of California St.. west of Van Nes* ave. Box
4760. Call office.
~~ - LO ? T "'^"L^?_ u: * p -'.---,.- ,
LOSTT-Sunday. August IS. gold watch and fob.
Initials G. a! O. Finder please return to 2104
Howard and receive liberal reward.
LOST-On Howard st. car, August M. packa 5 .
memorandum books and bills. &
Michaels Co.. 38 First st. Liberal reward.
LOST— At Emporium, dark fur boa; gift of
deceased mother. Return 1S0S Dupont st.;
1 reward. ¦_
STRAYED from home, an Esquimau dog.
Suitable reward If returned to 1413 Mason st.
LOST— Female pug dog. Liberal reward ir
retumed to 274 O'Farrell st.
FOUND— Hog: owner pay expenses and provs
property. Call l.'>53 Seventh ave., Butchertown
IT will pay to "Remember" thai the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. need* oli
gold to make ne*-wwatch casea.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order also cleaned and stsrlllzed. uphol-
itery* Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
ttl. Bush 421. "
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and la
trouble call and consult the renowned spe-
cialist. My medicines have been used for
many years by thousands: the unfortunate
. helped; relief in all' cases taken; the most
obstinate cases haVe been relieved by m*.'
treatments;- free confidential advice on all
subjects of a delicate nature: all classes of
female complaints treated: relief to the long-
est cases. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013
Market St.. opp. Fifth; no branches.
RETURNED
MRS DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will b« pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 12Z8 Market st. f
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home: horns
in confinement. 1126 Market at... S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice I confined tr»
weaknesses and diseases of -men only. 337
Market St., corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS d] ALLEX. 1118 Market— Reliable la*
dies' specialist: a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market to 410
O'Farrell st.. between Taylor and Jones.
THE WTETH Maternity Home removed from
Post Xcy 410 O'Farrcll St.. near Taylor.
junks anjo MJgMGi
BIG strike— The Buckeye Placer Mining Co.
have struck $20 to the pan: will sell smail in-
terest for better facilities. See W. C. SHEP-
ARD. 202 Parrott building, fifth floor.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IN'TOSH & WOLPMAX. 195-137 Fremont at.
j BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second har.d; we always have a large stock oC
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophone*
*1 50: 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
FOR sale— Stove pipe casing. 100 feet. 14-lnch
single. 600 feet 10 inches double, 600 feet 8%
inches double, one 14-inch steel shoe. Apply
room 10. Mills bids.
A— PUTS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 233-25.% Spear st.
¦ FOR sale— Thoroughbred great Dane pups. Ad-
dress MRS. DICKINSON, cor. Caledonian
and Eastern sts.. Sausalito. CaL
' A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery st.
!ND-HA*"D COUPE for sale cheap: good con-
dition. Hambletonian stables. 36 Hawthorne.
TWO gasoline engines for sale cheap: 1 4-horse
p. Colle, 1 2*4-h. p. Hercules: at ?0S Kearny.
TWO fresh milk cows for sale, cheap; fln»
milkers. 3026 San Bruno ave__.
E; L. TICKET-First offer. Call room 17. 1035
Market st. 6 to 9 p. m. . - .
GASOLINE engines, all slzett. new an«l second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission St.
RED cocker male pup. 265 Parker ave.. off
Geary st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and. dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis St.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st. : ' .
SAFES — Sew and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry; cash or Install-
. ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
BAH outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
SD-HAN'D lrrtwjhlnery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machla-
ery. J. BTJRKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Blu-come.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ple-.^.
tures. BT7LLARD & BRECK 1^1 Pcr*t st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"WANTED — Good second-hand automatic money
slot machine; must be-in good order and
cheap; state price, what make, etc. Address
P. O. box 18. Red Bluff. Cal. j
BICYCLE, girl's, good condition. about $3.
Phone or mail K.. Sutro Baths.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good*. 154. 9th yt. : teh Fol-u-m 2522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA-MAHATTAN LOAN COMPANT.
1300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland: town and country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
¦Undivided interest in real estate in probate....
Mortgages and legacies- bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing "business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$3,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums: loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
- : problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more -money
aee HERMAN MURPHT. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates tn probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
interests; corporation loans. R. IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. .
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S65. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos. & sealskins, at lowest rate of Interest.
» Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black 5471.
. ¦ •.• ... : zmii
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 1C3 Grant ave., netr
Geary st.; phone Red 1603.
Advances life- Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers" salaries; accounts of bank booii^
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
ON real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by Privat*
party: no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
' age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate: no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
OVE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. .1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill. r. 41. Merchants' Ex.'. 431 California.
O\ salaries or wages: no Indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 3C9 Phelan bldg.
$100 000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnjp;.*!
low rate-, 222 Sansome N st.. room 2. . • '*w^>
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
. 321 Parrott building.Manila .papers just received at the "War
Department contain several articles of
more or less importance concerning that
city and the Philippines. The Manila
Times gives the result of a census taken
by Lieutenant H. L. Gilchrist for the
Board of Health, which census was com
pleted . about : May 1. This census' gives
the population of Manila at 244,732, divided
as follows: Filipinos, 181,361; Chinese,
51,567; Americans, '8562; Spaniards, 2382;
other nationalities, 900. » The figures do not
Include men belonging to; the United
States army. There are 18.463 buildings in
the city, of which 3739 are described as
good, 1185 bad, 1472 small and 12,117 classed
as. shacks. The census of animals shows
the following: Dogs,: 6311; cats, 6630; pisrs,
2237; horses, 10,387; carabaos, 906; cows, 227;
sheep, 1222; deer, 23: goats, 129; monkeys,
255: rabbits, 23; elephants, 2; kangaroos,
2; bascumarata. 1; white rats, 3; leopards,
3; tigers, 5; donkeys, 49; mules, 23; ducks,
1222; bear, 1; moose, 3. This does not in
clude ' Government stock. — Washington
Star.'" ¦¦ '¦' -•-¦¦ •¦"-•• - : •-:•-• •' - -
Census of Manila.
HOTEL AUBIVALS.
GRAND f HOTEL.
RIgaud, Paris
Esplnaa. Paris'
W T Wilson & w. Ini
G A Mack. Naples
A : J Bledsoe, .Ukiah
H Ellis.w & son. Sacto
J Poundstone, Grimes
A A Thayer, Grimes
F G McLean, Grimes
F G Myers, -Arbuckle
I P DiKgs, -Woodland
W A Viney. Cal
J C Heathman, cal
T E Brown. Bkrsfleld
E B Bean. N Jersey
T A Work. Pac Grove
Mr3 J L Carson, Cal
H T Bredles & w, Se
attle
W . J O'Brien, Sacto'
A Fields, Redwood !
F C Fisher, Redding
R E L Good, Clovis
J-M Jones. Colusa
J J Lornergan. L Ang
W J Pierce, Pasadena
Mrs C Douglas, Denver
J E Doherty, Livermcr
V P McGean, NY,
Miss A McGean, N Y
W B Denery, Los Ang
Mrs C C Smith, HI!o
J W B Montgomery,
Chlco '
C N McLouth. Cal
F E Ettenhead. U.S'A
C S Miner, Calaveras
J Beaumont & w, Tex
J W Marsh & w, Sacto
A' E Coolot. Sacto .
E D Mitchell, Kan Cty
J R Sweeney, R Blufr
C H-Mann, Connectict
J C Clark, Portland
Mrs W R Apperson, Or
R Clark. Portland ,
Mrs E V Gray. Pittsbs
J D Falrchild & w, Cal
J T Conrad, Seattle
C E Curry, w & son.
Portland
T N Canfield, L. Ang
Dr H G Bayless. L An
T M Miller, Indnaplla
R Chilcott, Seattle
Mrs C W Wood. Cal
Miss E Ingels, S Jose
D J North, S Jose ,
R G Brady, \ Tucson
C W Wiekersham. Cal
C W Hutton, Sacto
G E Church. Fresno
J Respini, • Sta Cruz
E S Moretti, S Cruz
J Fillnes. Redding
E L Kraft. St Louis
E TV Wickey. Chgo
R Fryer, Santa Rosa
O H Wllloughby. Cal
M Neuberger. Chgo ¦
Miss K Gibbon. Iowa
J A Robeso, Brkeley
D L Clause, Portland
P H Maloney. Madrid
J Goldman, Merced
G F Harrell, Merced
Miss N Rogers, Fremnt
J W Kaerth. Colusa
T E Eagan. N Y
W D Madigan, S Jose
H A Chapman, S Jose
R DInkelspiel, Suisun
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Mofris, Phila
Mrs L Hoffman,. N Y
Miss I Hoffman, N Y
Mies J. Rosenfeld, N Y
Miss CM Sternbach.NY
W O Rogers, N Y
W S Pye, U S N
O "W Fowler, U S N
Wm Norris. U S N '
T B Rickey and wife,
Carson City, Nev :
G W Whitaker, N Y
Mr and Mrs H S Wil
kinson, Syracuse
W W Brown and wife,
Cleveland
S L Rumsey, Honolulu
J E Wells. Chicago -
R Ivers, Fiji Islands
W A Sherman. S Lake
F M Townsend, Los An
O L Henderson. City \
R Scott. U S N
S F Mackenzie, B C
R A Dunn. N C
J W Kelley and wife,
Chicago
R P Camden, Chicago
H Dater, Santa Barb
Mrs G L North, City
MI Colden. India
J W Dorrington, Alaska
Miss • L Dorrington,
Falls City, Neb
Miss Frances Maddox,
Falls City. Neb
Mrs S A Johnson, Stan
ford
Miss Blance Renaud,
Stanford " .
N Bowden, San Jose
Mr and Mrs Ruttevan
Smith, England
H A Strohmeyer, N J
J J Fay Jr. Los Ange
J W Clise. Seattle
B Campbell, . Portland
Ed L Howe, Chicago
J W Perkins. Chicago
E G Miner, Rochester
T J Field, Monterey
J A Brent. California
Wm B Pettlt, Chicago
W E Paddock, Chicago
Mr : and Mrs Steunne,
Chicago
H Brace, Eureka
C L Knobe, Chicago •
E" Paul Jones, Ogden
A B McCreery. City
J Finnell, Tehama
C A Qulgley, Salt Lke
J H Larsen; Salt Lake
O J Smith, Reno, Nev
L Woolsey, Little Rk
C V Inderrieden, Chi
WA Bremer, San Mateo
: ' ¦ . ¦ .
THE SAN FKANCISCO OALi;, TtTESDAYi AUGUST; 20. 1901.
11
THE CECILENE. 930 Van Nets ave.
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms; references.
TWELFTH, 111— Large sunny well furnished
room; phone; bath. etc.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
DUNNE-CRAMER-In this city, August 17.
1901, by Thomas F. Dunn, Justice of the
Peace. Clement Edward Dunne of Erie, Pa.,
and Georgia Mae Cramer, of TIburon, Cal.
OLSEN-WRIGHTr-In this.. city. August .15.
1901, by the Rev. E. M. IStensrud, Charles
Oscar Olsen and Pearl Camille Wright, both
of San Francisco. - - .,. ,
MABRIED.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel exceptional table-.attractive rms.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 gutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine ' sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elegant parlor suites; all
conv. ; 3 or 4 gentlemen; best table board.
GENTLEMAN wishes in Western Addition for
$25 per month a large sunny furnished room,
with hot and cold water and board. 2 meals:
permanent if .satisfactory. Q. E. R., box
4943, Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st, rooms 9-10, tel. 65S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free: send for circular. • 935 Mkt. r. 8.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
palring: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
TWO roulettes, only $75 'each, cost $250. ¦ 1167
Market, bet. 7th and 8th; other machines.
SLOT MACHINES.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co
office Post and Powell sU.; tel. Main 5713.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, ?60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 94 (twelve
and one-half cents per share) of the Hutch-
lnson Sugar Plantation Co. will be pavable
at the office of the company. 327 Market st..
on and after Tuesday, August 20. 1901. Trans-
fer books closed Tuesday. Aupust IS 1901 at
8 o clock p. m. h. W. THOMAS. Sec.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order: all
*!*<*: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st
Florist Co.
V ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS '
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL ST.NrA«ELLIS ffiSSf 5056
FULTON. 1206. near Scott— 3 sunny unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry,
reference.
LARKIN'. 804—2 sunny back rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping. JS; single rooms, $4
and $6. , . ¦
LARKIN. 716 — t runny furnished housekeeping
rooms. $12. • ..
HOWARD, 513— Housekeeping rooms. $5, $6 and
$7 per month; also single and double. 70c up.
MISSION. 1063— Suite of rooms complete fur-
nished for housekeeping.
OAK. 119— Two front basement rooms furnished
for. housekeeping; clean; two beds; yard; $10.
"ACE massage. ROc; a new and scientific treat-
n»*Bt; done at 121 Mason st. F. A. ZIRKEL.
SUTTER, 908— Furnished parlor floor for house-
keeping and other rooms.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping: $15 up; reference.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure; 25c; all druggists. t
TURK. E2»— Solar fiats; fine; new; Chicago
etyle; 1 to 6 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and . furnished ; electricity; janitor.
TWELFTH, 12— Bedroom and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $8.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
ri/A.\I.\C AJfD TURXIXG MILLS.
ASTOR Hotel, Powell and Clay— New house;
newly turn.; home for gents; grill attached.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont et.
AT Ehasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, »1 to *3 week. ,.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason st— 100 newly
furnished rooms, ft 60 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells
first-class, ftuiet. central.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-Eiegantly
furnished tunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
FIFTH, 264— Large., well-furnished front room-
closet; bath; 1 or t young men; cheap. '
FIFTH. 119. second flat— Furnished rooms sin-
gle and double, from Ji 25. •
GEARY, 5&4, below Jones— Handgor**ly fur-
nished front suite; also single rooms; bath
and phone; new flat
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General depot,
Quartermaster's Department. 86 New Mont-
gomery »t.. San Francisco, August 20th '.1901
Sealed proposals will be received at this office
until 11 o'clock a. m. on September 20th. 1901
and then opened, for construction of stonu
wall alone southern boundary of Militarv
Reservation, Presidio of San Francisco In
accordance with plans, and specifications on
xlf^ n tr e> wh 'ch can be seen on application
OSCAR F. LONG. Major and Quartermaster
U. S. - Army, Depot Quartermaster. .. - ¦ .
HTDE, 1414—4 unfurnished rooms, parlor floor;
also t rooms In lower floor: sun all day.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month;. best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
LARKIN. 817% — Nicely furnished front room;
sunny, corner; reasonable.
fix, seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat bouses In block between 17th. ISth, Caetro
and Noe ets.; J i cash, balance monthly pay-
rRents; Castro or Guerrero-st cars. F. NEL-
SON, builder. . . . -
MARKET, 1015 fNew Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET, 1056 — Upstairs furnished rooms for
bkpg.; $10; also rooms for transient; baths.
MARKET, 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
M>!tTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
J^irnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
ILflLlXWAY TBAVEL.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY!
._'.-, '-:¦ COOL AND DUSTLESS. - ¦
'¦,v..'^. Dally Palace and .Tourist Sleepers.
1 Dining Car,' Meals a la' Cart*.
• Library Observation Car. ' '
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS. .
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. '633 Market st
y*""^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ILfcggJm 629 HEAU5Y ST. Established
HfjiTuBk'" J 83 * for the treatment ot I'rivHto
M I rl -aBw Dl.-ifa.ses. Lost Manhood. Debility or
HBi5ErflMfc<HsfasP wearinpron body and nilrul and
iJBa^HBWSkln Discnses. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try hira. Charges low.
cunrstntrrd. Cnllorwrit&
Mr. J. JF. WIB^ON. Han Frauciscc. CaL
HENRY d; GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher)
'. DANIEL P. DONOVAN • Mgr : ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
¦ 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School
"S Telephone 8outh 80. - . " '
A(\t. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. %
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
.^_. . J. RSNDERSON. Manager.
JAMBS McGINN, .7
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has ODen^d !
"new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South *576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 187. *
FUNERAL BISECTORS AND EMBALMERS. J
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association
Point Loboe ave., ¦»'. F., Cal.
The ordinance, prohibiting.' .burials Mn San-
Francisco ¦ after the first day ' of. ¦ August 190L
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither doe«
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there i»
nothing less harmful ; to • tho living s than - th«
ashes of -their dead. . .: . r , ..
Permits to cremate will : be Issued by th«
Board of Health the same as heretofore.*." '
- GEOnUB n. FLETCHER, Manager.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
John J. 'Murphy. 28, 8040 Jackson street, and
Mary Higgins. lfi, 431 Eleventh avenue •
H^ h n ftrd 24. C cit^ Ort ° n ' % CUy ' •»« Allce »"
Finn!"!!, city?' 141167 ' CUy> ¥& **** E -
John Gienger, 31, \ and Jenny McNeely 28
Petaluma. - ' ¦ . . *'' *°'
ShaTprVclfy" 1 * 11 '^ AkrOn - JulI » ?•
Charles F. Zopf, 27, 627 Fourth street and
Alice B. Duffy. 23, 820% Natoma atwe"
Samuel M.LeRoy, 44. and Theodosla'c. Far-
rar, 30, Healdsburg. — *«~
Emil Weinberg. 32. 977 Golden Gate avenue
and Ray L. Jacobs. 24, 981 Golden Gate avenue'
Jaines E. Murphy. 26, 255 Natoma street
and Blanche R. Smith. 24. 1 Post street 'court!
Harper Yancey. 56, and Rebecca Kearney 63
1040 Howard street.: -- -
Ralph R. Green, 23, "Santa Rosa., and Mlrtle
Mayfleld, 19, Lakeuort. . .""*""
Victor J. Mona, 38, and Elizabeth Farrell
33. 1293 Pacific street. • ' . barren,
Marcell. Ferro, 21, Alameda,''. and Isabella
Naverrete, 19, city. : - o .....¦¦
John S. McKee, 27," and Mary S. McNeil' 23
441 Jersey street. •_•. u> w *. '
Domenlco Dellosso,.33, and Rosie T. Snosuto"
17. Rockland. ¦ . , ( ,.
Fillnnrt Plazzia. 24, and Domenica Provoi-
denza," 20, 62 Manchester street.- -'
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
SOUTHERN P ACIFIO.;
7ralaa leave nml are daw to arrive mi
man ritANVisc<».
(Main Una. Foot ot Market gteit) • '
txxr* — Fbom Juit H, 1901. — mm
7sC0a Benlela, Suisun, ZJmlra »"<* 8acn»
memo.. ....••..••.•••..... «i»S»
TiOOa V»carillo. Win tears, Bamsej 7iOAr
7 saw a M»rtIu6x,S4aU*moa,Vftll8]o,N*p»,
CaUstogk and Santa Bom.... CrSSv
8:00a Daiis, Woodland. Kniznts Ti^^h'g,
aiaryiTillo, Orofille.. "tin**
Sieo* Atlantic Rxpresa— Ogdan aad Bast XSiSSr
StOWA Nlles, Lathrop. Stockton 7<SO»
8:00* Nilei, Mendota. Hanford. Vinlia,
Portorille 4:33*
SiSOa Shasta Express— DatLs. Wflllaiaa (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Bad " ¦
BluS, Portland. 7»B3»
*.¦»•* Sau Joss. Liiermora, Stockton,
lone, Bkerminento, Plaoerrilla,
M»rj«Ule. Chico. lte<! Bluff 4i23[>
BitO/L. Oakdalav Chinese) (Yoaemlta). Bo-
norm, Carters - 4:23?
•i0Oa Hajwird. Nilw and Way SUUom.. iisSJU
•tOOA VaUejo 1*j25*
»iOO a Los Angeles Express — Martina*.
Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton. Mexoed
Fresno »od Los Angola* 7s33p
¦iBO a Vallttlo. Martinez and Way Stations ' 7t83r
lOiOOA The OrerUnd Limited— Ogdoa, Do-
»er, Omaha, Chicago •:33f
fl:O0r Sacramento Kl»er Steamer* {SiOOa
esSOp Harmed. Nile* and Way Stations.. 7>SS»
*»»»r Beulcla. Winters, SaoraaaaotOb
Woodland. KuTgbU Trm*l"i.
M*rjsTille, Orotlll 1*:99«
«ieer Hartiuex. Sau Ramon. Vallelo,
Napa. Callstoga. 8auta Roaa *>iS3a
«»OOj> Nlles, Urermore. Stockton, Lodl... ISiUSp
4>a»p H»yward. Nllea, S»d Joae, Lrrermaro fS:»3*
#i30p Port Costa. Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton Ios23±
SiUOrTho Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
BakeraSeld. Haugua for S&uta Bai.
ban, Los Ancelea. SiSSa
• teojp Martinez. Antloch. Stockton. M«r-
ced, Fresno 12:23*
0:0«p Yosemite 12:339
'8i30r New Orleans Express— Mmdota,
Fresno. Bakersfleid. Los Angeles.
Demlsg. El Paso. New Orleans
and East 7i33a
•:«Op Hsyw»rd,.Nihs tod S»a Jose. ...... 7<53a
t*U>Or Vallejo 11:23a
•:OUr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenna,
Omaha. Chicago 13;23r
•<eer Oriental Mail— Ogdea. Denver,
St Lonii, Chicago. 4;S3f
titAr Orecon and California Kxpreu.Hao.
ritineiito. Marysiille. fl«(]<llug,
Portland. Puget Hound and Kaat 8:33a
•••»p Ban Pablo, Port Costa, Martlaes
and Way Statloua.... 1 1:23*
JgiOJf Vallelo 7»3aF
COAST LINE (Narrotv ti«ug«). '
' (Foot ot Market Street.)
Z?>43a Santa Cruz Excursion to Santa Oxu
and Principal Way Stations }SiO3y
S<18a Newark. Cautertille.rtau Jose. Felton,
Boulder Cxeak.Sauta Cnu and Way
Buttons »i3o»
!•»¦•> Newark, Centerftlle, Ban Jose, New
AlaiadsD, Felton, Houlder Creek,
Santa Crna and Principal Way
Buttons leine*
«sl3r Newark. Han Jose. Loa Gatos tS:.t«A
«4ilSr Olenwood.BooideT Creek. 8anta>Cro» j «W»3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma Sil rUSCISCO— root at UuUt Strwt (Shp S>— .
17:18 9.00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:03 8:13'. «. -
frimOtlLAID— F»«l •rBl»i«*T. — 1«:00 J3:CO 13K3J
10:00a.m. 12:03 2:08 » ,:Q3r.ii.
COAST LINE (Rroad Gange).
(ThlrJ mid Townsend Sta.)
6:IOa San Joeoacd Way Stations.. ........ ei3»A>
t7:00* Han Joiaaml Way Stutious.... lii««r
/7i«»a New Ahiiadeu /«<10»
t?i)IOA Sunday Eicursion for San Jesa, . . • •
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove and ! '
PriucipaJ Way Stations. J3t3O«
»t«tA Ban Jom. Holliiter. HanU Crnz,
Paeitlo.HroTe. Hallnaa. San Luis
Obiapo. Santa Barbara and Prin- -
elpal intermedl.te .Stations S TiSOt
leiSeA Baa Joae and Way Stations^........ Cs3Ov •
I1:HOa Hau Jose and Way HUtlona 6i3O»
tSi49» 8an Mateo, Kadwood, M^nlo P*rk,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, tlan .loaa.
HolUster. 8auta Cruz. H^ltnin. •¦-• ' •
MoDiereyand PacfHo Grora tie«43a
•i*»p San Jose. Trea Plnos. Sauta Crns.
Padno Grove and Way Stations 4:10y
HilBp SanJoseaud Principal Way SUtioui th-O*
tSsOerSan Joia, Los Gatos and Principal ¦
Way Stations {DiOOa
StSOr San Joae and Principal Way buttons tt:36i -
••OOP Redwood. Han Jose. Gilroy. Salinas,
Sauta Barbara, Los Angeles 10:05*
6:3Op San Joss ami Way .Stations ..¦ fM:O»A
»ll;4.*»p San Jose and Way Stations 7i30y
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday eicepted. J Snndnr only.
a Saturday only. « MoncUy .
« Saturday ani Sonda] 1 .. / Tuesdays and Fry aja.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
" ~~ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Daily Dally
Lv Fan Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar." Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
•• Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:03 p 2:35 p 3:03 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
" Visalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a ........
** Chicago 2:13 p 9:00 p
a for momlnc. P for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train la th« California Lim-
ited leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cam through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakcrsfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 6:33 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. in. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m.
dally. " v;
" 7:20 a. m. Is Balcersfleld Local, stopping at
all' points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Farry.
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN" FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, »9:30, J1:00- a. m.,
12:45, »l:45, 3:15. 4:15. 3:15. *&:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:41) p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :0». 8:00. *9:00/ -10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m., 12:45, »l:30. 2:30, •3:45,-5:00. 6:00. 7;30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. . •-• • ¦ .
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:33, 10:13
a. m.. "12:23, 1:15. 2:20. •S^, 4:40, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
.and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m. ..
SUNDAYS— 6:13. »8:0O, 9:45. It :00 a. m.. *12
in., 1:00, 2:15. *3. -30, 4:30, *5:i3, 6;45. 7:30, 10:i0
p rn. ' - • • •
'Trains marked {•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:43, 7:55. . 8:53. 10:33
a. m.. 12:33 1:45. J:43. 3:50, 5:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10- a. m.. 12:15. -
1:20 2:30 3:43, 5:00. 6:15. 7:13. 10:30 p, m.
THROUGH TRAINS. ~-
6l53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. :" ' " ¦ ¦ .--• '
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:03 a. m. Sundays^ — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. *3aX^"*ff» ! ««sSSW»«^KSsirS«
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. . •. •¦ : .-.-,' • : ¦ _ . .
WeeHy Call $1.00 DBrYear
PROPOSALS for Pommel Slickers, Depot Quar-
termaster's office, 36 New Montgomery st.
San Francisco, Cal., August 16, 1901. — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate,' will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday,
August 27, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Yellow Oilskin
Pommel Slickers. Fish brand or equal. Bids
will be opened for the "delivery of the same
articles at either the San Francisco, Boston,
Chicago and Philadelphia Depots, and are for
the same for which bids will be opened at
the other depots. To avoid all possible mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
slickers to be supplied, bidders will carefully
examine sample slicker at this depot, as un-
der no circumstances slickers inferior thereto
will be accepted. Unguaranteed bids, and
bids for delivery at other points than those
designated herein, will under no circumstances
be entertained.- Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential, and bidders must
rtate in their proposal the rate and time of
deliveries, should contract - be awarded to
them. Preference will be given. to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
. United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
| be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be indorsed, "Proposals
No. 7571," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAR
F. LONG, Quartermaster U. S. Army Depot
Quartermaster. ¦ ¦ . . • • • . . ¦
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny bay-window
with kitchen; single sunny room,, $7. •.
NICE front sunny room furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent- $2 per week. Apply at
shoe store, 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d.
CLAT. 1623 — Two rooms, nicely furnished for
housekeeping. Inquire 1328 Polk Et. •
Rooms papered, $3 50 up; tinting & whitening.
Hartmann Paint Co.. S13 Third: tel. Red 3521.
PERSONALS.
117 50— SOLID cak bedroom set; plate mirror.
II— Solid oak chair: factory price.
K-Enamel beds, all sizes?. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Eearey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
CUMBERLAND. 95, corner Dolores— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms; separate en-
trance; $10.
FOURTH, 437%— Fine housekeeping rooms,
suites or otherwise, from $10 up. '
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farren st.. and
you will not b* disappointed: this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
.parts of the world; call or s«nd for circular.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELLj The. . 1773 Market— Sunny housekeeping
suites of 2 rooms. $10 up; others, $6; with gas.
PAIXTERS .*M> DECORATORS.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading: lessons given. - 617 Jones Ft.
OAKLAXD PUR.MTURE KOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
PALMISTRY.
PACIFIC. S28, near Eansome— Handsome large
store, very cheap, to pood tenant. - -
$150 CASH, $6 monthly— Cottage, 3 rooms; hard
finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine home for
email family or bachelor; near a fin? school.
electric cars, church and town hall; 100 /ami-
lies located within 3 v«ars: soli, climate and
view the very best; good neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price in all, $425, to make speedy sale; see
this g.t once. Call or send for circular. 4lS
Seventh st.. opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
NOTICE to architects-Office of Directors of
\eterans' Home, room 13. No. 320 Sansome
1 '^t an t ra ?- ci 2 COt Cal> Au^ st 13. I901.-To
Architects: Lnder an act entitled "An act to
S^EJ? 8 V th f. erectlon ot a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville, Napa County, State of 'California,
and appropriating money therefor." approved
March 26, 1901 (Statutes 1901, page S23) the
-^-f.? d °f directors of the Veterans' Home of
California hereby invites and advertises for
plans and specifications in details for the
erection and construction of a modern hos-
S- tal . fO n th £ Veterans' Home, located at
Tountville. Napa County, in the State of
California. Said hospital shall be erected on
the grounds of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Yountville, Napa County, in this
State, on the part of said grounds set apart
for such purpose by the said Board of Di-
rectors, to wit, in the open field or lot north
of the present hospital building. The amo'JDt
to be expended "in the erection and construc-
tion of said hospital. Including the payment
for the necessary plans therefor, and all nec-
essary expenses therefor, shall not exceed
the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars
($25,000), as provided by said act above en-
titled, which said act. and the whole there-
of, is hereby referred to and made a part
of this notice, the same as if written at
length herein. Drawings— Drawings shall bft
of the usual working scale; drawings in black
and white. Architects competing are further
referred to the site for the erection of said
building, as hereinbefore referred to. Com-
pensation—The architect whose plans shall be
chosen shall receive a commission or premium
as architect, to be paid for his services, as
compensation, as follows, that is to say. he
shall receive the sum of five hundred dollars
(JeOO) for plans, specifications and working
details, the architect not to supervise the
construction of the building, j The plans,
'specifications and details ultimktely to be
prepared shall conform to all legal require-
ments of buildings of the character abov*
described. The plans and specifications
herein referred to must be delivered to the
Board of Directors, or the secretary thereof,
. at the office of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome St.. San T"ran-
cisco, Cal.. on or before 12 o'clock noon, on
the seventeenth day of September. 1901. For
further Information competing architects are
•hereby referred to the said secretary at said
room 13. 320 Sansome st., San Francisco.
Cal. The said Board of Directors reserve the
right to reject any and all plans and specifi-
cations submitted. By order of the Board of
Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia. Dated this 10th day of August. 1901.
- * SAMUEL W. BACKUS. President.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
*^— POLK st.. 1615, near Sacramento; a large.
light store, with living-rooms ; one of the
b*«t locations in the Western Addition.
PHAINWALD. BTJCKBEE & CO.. 21S---0
Montgomery Bt.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
$1 WEEKLT— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up"; ele-
pant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth. •
FREE trial— Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless: lady in at-
tendance. 92S Market, r. 5; sample mailed. 25c.
TKTUTE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1212 Stockton st. near Broadway.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2Sc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $5 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STELLA VIRGO— Send address where Capri-
cornus can write to. ,
T*LADT specialist— Face and ecalp; treat ladies
at their homes. Box 4SSS. Call office.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; fl; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 SO; dress pants. « 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books ' wigs
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
K0O.1IS TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL— 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— Newly— Furnished— Private— Residence.
332 O'Farrell St
Parlor suite, suitable for Physician or Dent-
lst; Other suites and singles from JlOup; ref.
rHYSICIAXS AAD Sl'RGEO.\S.
A-DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-768 Clay St.: see testimonials at office.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021^ Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the ha man body see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason nr. Ellis
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, US Sixth-Rooms.
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
6OUTHWXST comer Seventeenth and Church
sta.. lot 109x100; partly Improved; make an
offer. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO 11
City Hall square.
FOR SALE— Elegant new cottage. S rooms and
bath; modern improvements; large lot; on
Twenty-seventh St., near Guerrero. Inquire
on premises.
COTTAGE. 2 rooms; lot 2Sx!20; near Golden
Gate Park; Cheap; small cash payment. . bal-
ance $10 per month. Address box 4856, Call.
$6500— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
sunny 10-room residence: substantially built,
finished by day work: every possible latest
lmpts.; heater*, registers, 6 basins; plate and
art class windows: marine and park view:
choicest of any near panhandle; large lot,
26:6xS2xlO0: Fulton et.. near Ehrader: Hayes
or McAlU*ter car*; open from 1 to S p. a.
OWNERS of property or lot» north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far ae Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUXN. 630 California, et..; 8. F. ttav-
lngs Union building.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. S37 Mc-
Allister st.
G^r^ n \?rAi&\i. tor eale chea *
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
REAL SNAPS. *
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
$3250— New home of 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
Just completed; close in town.
$4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
sold: fine location.
$4500 — Nejy house S rooms and bath; on a One
residence street.
Also a number of new homes in course of con-
struction.
A. J. 6NTDER,
467 Ninth St., Oakland.
r--.-.r, vw>r nr>0 . Hartman. $100; elegant new
p-ar.os. $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bids.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MI'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
LEGAXT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
A SPECIAL, for this week-$400 piano for $!75.
BRVKNN. 2CS Port *t.
LEFT on «aie. Jsr. mshojany case Fischer up-
ripht piano. Room SS. 217 Geary et.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS—We*
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. J3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
$75 AND upward—Fine uprights. PIERCE'S
Piano Factory. Markft. l«th and Church sts.
ALLED away: forced to Facrifiee: larre J-
pedal upright piano. S16 Turk Et.. near Hyde.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
$100 DOWN* and about ?15 per month, includ-
ing interest; plain but comfortable house of
7 rooms, bath. hall, sliding doors, front
porch and basement; very sunny all day and
in good condition; insured for ?800; nice little
barn, driveway and garden; city water in
house and barn; a forced sale on account of
owner's departure for the East;/ total price
only J1C00 on installments; liberal discount
for a quick cash sale; street work all done:
near San Pablo ave. and local trains to San
Francisco; title perfect and guaranteed; bank
mortgage; investigate at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive Agents for This Property.
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
AT KEEFFE-P. Turk *t.. near Market-
Fhnnlnger. Schubert and Steinwav bargains.
ELEGANT piano af pood as npw: standard
make: a sacrifice. Hornung's. SIC McAllister.
ANOTHER cleauing-out Bale of storage pianos
at your own price: J6 Installments; no reserve
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1TO« Market st
Going East?
Cheap Rates
via Santa Fe
"j The places, the rates for the
round trip and the dates of
sale are below. The other
• . details can be had of the
Santa Fe Agents.
LOUISVILLE, $77.50
. ¦'August 2O-21
BUFFALO, S87.00
August 22-23; September 5-6;
October 3-4
CLEVELAND, S82.50
September 5-6
The best service, and the most
comfortable way is
Santa Fe
Ticket Office
641 MRKET STREET
\ Always in the Lead! I
Union Pacific Railroad S
1 "THE OVERLAND ROUTE." 8
I Louisville end Return... 577.50 |
I Tickets sold Aug. 20th and 21st 1
I Cleveland and Return. ..$82.50 |
I Tickets sold Sept. 5th and 6th. |
I Buffalo and Return $87.00 |
gj Tickets sold Aug. 22d and 23d, H
M Sept. 5th and 6th, and Oct. 3d M
jsj and 4th. §3
I Three Through; Trains Daily. I
i Time of the UNION PACIFIQ |
S3 from San Francisco to CHI- If
w CAGO Less Than Three Days |
¦ Without Change. ' |
I DAILYT0UR1ST GAR SERVICE |
I PERSONALLY CONDUCT- 1
S ED ' Tourist Kxcursions Every 1
I WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY. I
I D. W. HITCHCOCK, ¦' I
i I ; General Agent, U. P. R. R. Co., Q
I No. I Montgomery St., San Francisco. R
CALIFORHU NORTHWESTERS RT. COL
LESSEE!
SAH FRANCISCO AND KOBTH PACIFIC
railway company.
TIburon Ferry. Foot or Martcet S».
San Fransimo 1 j San Katajl.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:C0. 11:00 a. ni.: 12:33.
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. ft:20 p. m. .
&un Ruij:! to TSnn Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 8:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:2a p. m.
8UNDAYS-8:10. 9:40. 31:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m. '
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
San Francisco. |April 28, 1301. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
: Dayi. I days. [ Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8 :00 am -Novato.. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsbur?. 10:40 am
¦ . Lytton,'
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm <:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml * Hopland - 110:40 am]10:25 am
3:30 pml 8:00 ami and Uklah. [ 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am - - 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm " 8:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
- . and /
• 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am]10:23 am
8:30 pml 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
SpririES and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at ? Cloverdala
for the ¦ Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprinps. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. -Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. .. Pomo, - Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley*s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'a . Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brag?, West-
port, .--Us&I, Willits. LaytonvlUe. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olson's. Dyer, Scotia
and ¦ Eureka. ¦ . . - • •¦ • - -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*. " • _ -•",.¦
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ' ¦
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronlcl*
Building..,.
H.^C. WHITING. ~~ ' R. X. RYAN.
- Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Ajjt.'
MOUNT TAM ALPAIS RAILWAY
: ' TU BmmIIs* Ferry— Foot ot Market St.
uavt «AN m*M. *hk«vi bam man,
T30a m. xv-p-rtK n»v«i 3:35 p. £
ivtSp m WKHK DAYS ... • *~
8Ma,m.) (12:15p.m.
9:00a. M. ;.'. '.— '( 1:15p.m.
10*0 a. m. I gnvnATS 830 r. u.
1130 a. M. f BUNDAYS....... , J£
130 P. M. . 6jO?.H.
• 2:80 P. M.J • - -.*¦¦•. . 7:10 p.m.
' ¦ Pits. Sta PrMtfiM* Susan sad Return. Sl.M
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sansalito Ferry.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL sala of Haze'.ton and all first-class
i-ianos ccntinued until Aupust 23: easy terms-
ATTENTION PIANO BUYERS'.
Bobner. Byron Meuzy. Gahler.' Lester. Jlam-
'. ton and Pptelman pianr.s t« be had new
only at BTRON MAraYB. S8S. 310. 312 Port
AN unparalleled opportunity; Frultvale, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; two blocks from
two street cars and public school: completely
furnished cot tape of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-
house, pigeon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds;
200x130 feet; with fruit, orchard; 20 minutes
from Oakland or one hour from S. F.; $25 a
month. ' Apply J. R. FRETJP. Sills building.
>NE hundred rianos: 20 different factories rep"-
reser.ted. great car loads still coming. s>e<>
us at S33 Market et.. opposite Mason (Branch
B 0 ALLEV *t r o Jadwaj '- Oakland. The WILEY
frcitt'ale furnished houses.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe\i TrSular
rrice; «>sts you only tOc a day to buy a Diano
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co
*ole agents for famous and olden American
Ojta* inking Hallet-Davls; gr*a™ bar"
f B1 n a U^.Vi° 9 up: Steinwas- $185 up- Flsch'r
not: Chickerlnr. $i6S; 20 others. rTnts$* up :
preat inducements to agents. 217 Gearv st
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, mantel,
folding doors, tiled' sink, pantry, electric and
gas fixtures; all the latest opan plumbing;
only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station; >,£
block to electric cars;, price only *18<H): $100
cash. ..balance like rent. J. R. PERKINS,
Lorin Station, Berkeley;
CALL and see the two new B-room cottages I
a-m building: high basement: mantel: all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
JJ minutes to R. R. station; price only $1400;
. Jioo cash; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS. Lorin Station, Berkeley.
AT BEKX. CURTAZ & BOX. 16O'FarreU st
U-OX .square feet of warehouse epaee
{!> r-anos and organs to select from."
yen- upright pianos from $155 up a
Srr -r.d-hand pianos from $50 up '
s.'-nd-hand organs from $3 up " "
Apents for Chickering. Vose. SterUne Dlanoa.
ArolW. fang ol pianists, playe ev^ A^!.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Tuesday)/ at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church where
; a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'c ock. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. -by 11 o'clock
creek boat. . : "
FINNEY— In this city. August 19. 1901, Mary
Josephine, beloved wife of James Finney
and slpter of John Fitzgerald, a-native of
Ireland, aged 25 years 3 months and 18 days
GAVIN— In this city. August 19. at her resi-
-dence. 6<7 Clementina street. Helena, beloved
daughter of John and i the lats Bridget
Gavin, and sister of John and Etta Gavin
and the late Jeremiah Gavin and Mrs Han-
_ nan Ryan, a native of Balllnsnittle. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 20 years 1 month and 22
days.
HOLLAND— In this city, August 19, 1901, Eva
infant daughter of Ausust and Amelia Hol-
land, a native of San Francisco.
HOOPER— In this city, August 18, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved son of Mrs. Jane Hooper and
brother of MrB. Elizabeth Buckingham, Mrs.
• M. J. Osborn, Frank Hooper and Mrs. Anna
Gale, a native of England, aged 4S years
ana 1 day.
JONES— In Watsonville, Cal.. August IS 1901
Lillie, B.. beloved wife of D. M. Jones moth-
er of Ethel, Melvin and Everett Jones, and
. daughter of John McLean of Santa Rosa, a
native of New York, aeed 35 years. (Santa
Rosa and Stockton papers* please copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
KELLY-In Carson City, August 18. 1901.- Mike
J. Kelly, husband of -Minnie Kelly, son of
Michael and the late Catherine Kelly, and
brother of Mrs. T. W. Donahue. Mrs. W H
Cowan, Mrs. George Howes and Mrs. P. F.
Grennan, a native of Grass Valley.
LITTLE— In the City and County Hospital.
August 10. 1901. - Frank Little. . a ' native of
Massachusetts, aged 42 years. n »"ve or
McNEILL— In New Lexington. Ohio Mrs
McNeill. wife of j John McNeill
and mother of Captain C. A. McNeill James
H. and Frank E. McNeill of San FranciSco
MATHENA-In this city. August 18. 1901, ai
his residence. 333 Mississippi street, near
Eighteenth, Rev. Eber G. Mathena. D D
. dearly beloved husband of Stella F. Matheni^
and devoted father of Ella and May Ma-
thena, a native of Ohio, aged 49 years 2
months and 6 days. :
(CTFrlends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
? (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from Olivet Pres-
S?i ter ' an Church, Mississippi street, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth, where services
will be held. Interment at Modesto. Cal..
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 a. m.
MARTINELLI— In this city, August 18, 1901
Annie C, beloved wife of Jeremiah F. Mar-
tinelll, daughter of Annie and the late
Thomas Gilfeather, and beloved sister of
5r.^- D# F - Crowell and William and Thomas
Gilfeather. a native of San Mateo County
Cal., aged 26 years 8 months and 27 days
(Petaluma papers please ' copy.)
and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence, 261 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MORRIS— In this city, August 19, 1901 Harold
J., dearly beloved and only son of Patrick
J. and Mollie Morris, and grandson of Den-
nis and Annie Morris and Philip Brady a
native of San Francisco,' aged 3; yeari' k
months and 23 days. , years &
- (C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
EARLE — At Lancha' Plana, Amador County
Aumist 13. 1901. Leander M. Earle. a native
of Massachusetts, aged 89 years and 2 months.
FARRELL— In this city, August J7 jsoi
Thomas F-. beloved husband of Marcarer
Farrell, beloved son of the late Jol-n and
Mary A. Farrell. brother of the late Mrs.' Marl"
Kennedy and Mrs. Annie Dunne, and uncle
of John F. and Thomas E. Kennedy and
John and Emily Dunne, a native of New
York, aired 46 years and 5 months. A mem-
' ber of Varnlshers' and Polishers' Union No
134, B. of P.. P. and D. of A. vmon jno.
streets. *
COLBERT— In this city. August 18, 1901, at her
residence, 450 Third street, Mary A be-
loved wife of the late John H. Colbert be-
loved mother of James K. and William T
Colbert and Mrs. W. Borkhelm. and sister
of Mrs. J. Langtroy and Edward and Ben-
jamin Hall, a native of New Orleans, La
aged 52 years 10 months and 27 days.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craigr &' Cochran Company. 52 and 56
Mint avenue. Interment Odd Fellows" Ceme-
tery.
CURLEY— In this city. August 18. 1901, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Mary Curley, and
father of Mary and Annie Curley lira
James Coakley. Mrs. W. J. Cummlngs and
the late Thomas Curley. a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 65 years.
(CTTriends aad- acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence., 220 AVillow avenue, thence to St
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
«oul at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. !
CAHILL— In this city. August 19. 1901. Mrs
Frances Cahill, beloved wife, of the late
James F. Cahill, a native. of Ireland. '
(TT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day 1
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30
o'clock, train from Third and Townsend
C^?" Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ISO Hartford street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, Hartford
street, where a requiem hlish mass will toe
celebrated for the repose of: her soul, com-
mencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. - . ¦¦¦¦'¦
BERTI— In the City and' County Hospital.
Aug-ust 18, 1901, . Vittorio Berti, a 'native of
Italy, aged 48 years.
BERNSTEIN-In this 1 city, August 18, 1901.
Julius Bernstein, a native of Germany, aged
50 years 6 months and 27 days.
ALLGEWAHR— In Berkeley, August 1?, 1901,
Louis Allgewahr. husband of Fredertcka All-
gewahr, and father of George, Louis - and
Augustus Allgewahr, Mrs. L. Herbrecht and
Mrs. G. A. Schuster, a native of Germany,
aged 69 years 2 months and 5 days.
BARTLETT — In this city, August 16.' 1901
Domitilla, beloved wife of Joseph L. Bart-
lett, and sister of Mrs. Mamie Beeman, Mrs.
Mtllle Williams and Matt Oreamano, a na-
tive cf California, aged 42 . years and S
months.
Allgewahr, Louis -» Martinelli. Annie C.
Bartlett, Domltilla Morris. Harold J.
Berti, Vittorlo • Oppenheimer, Bertha
Bernstein, Julius Peutz, Oscar H.
Colbert, Mary A. Pierce, Mrs. M. L.
Curley. Patrick : Quinlan, Ella J. ~ '
Cahill. Mrs. Frances Ross. Louis
Earle. Leander M. Stuart, Lottie
Farrell, Thomas F. Stelnkellner, John A.
Finney, Mary J. Shattuck, John H. '
Gavin, Helena* ¦ ) Stockton, . Georpe
Holland, Eva — ' Sambrailo, Marie B.
''Hooper, William Smith, Mary H.
Jones. Lillie B. Tracey, Mary
Kelly, Mike . J. Tracy. Mary
Little. Frank Terry. Mrs. S. C. '
McNeill. Elizabeth . Tveitmoe, Rose A.'
Mathena, Rev. E. G Winslow, William
DIED.
DURING the next few weeks, while bo many
people are etriking. we are going to do^om*
Btt&taK ourselves. We *-m Etr ike off frm!
SI to a per cent on all piano sales durlnj
rac ,n!'i. Our regular prices are low. but Uiese
ff * C:al 2JE3 T e vf° m , Uch lower that you
cannot afford to buy elsewhere. We have
ftg? JSgac fc> cg M 5g L M>S5 s\ EKO *£"-
«-^? opportunity of a lifetime to secure pretty
wen built cottages at your own price. There
•? *- lB0 60 fine buildings lots,
station ° Clock boat an<1 t™* 1 * to I>wisht way
p^ r °P e rty lie* between Ward and Derby its.
ana Telegraph and Shattuck avea.
t»et ¦ catalocue from
1 ' EASTON*, EIDRIDGE &. CO..
638 Market et.. S. F.,
_ Or 2525 Shattuck. ave.. Berkeley.
Saturday Afternoon 3 O'clock Sharp.
August 24, 1901.
On the Premises.
aPZJ?* 1 fal1 t0 attend the Brand "Pedal sale
oi residence property In Berkeley, on
AUCTION
AUCTION
,.„-,-__• AUCTION
CHOICE-BERKELET-PROPERTT
JUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL r,ia" os purchased of SHERMAN, CLaF*
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnwav
upclCbi or baby grand piano any time within
I yosrs from date of purchase, and have full
rric<? allowed. >.ew upright pianos. $6 £.1
1r.0r.th; some good rianoe sold for ii 14 JnS
ji per month. 6HERMAN, CLAY £ CO
Bttbvtr dealers corner Kearny and Sutter
«'• S*",, F r an ?J s ??? : 9 0 ""* Broadway and
Thirteenth «t.. Oakland. «*«•
LOAN" wanted— $1000 wanted. For further In-
formation address box 4618. Can office.
»iqyEY_ WANTED.
A?H loaned to salaried people on note without
i-.3orser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
[718,901 IX trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: see me before going elsewhere
i;AKPER. SSI Parrott building.
CTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend" the funeral services to-day (Tuesday),
at 2' o'clock, at the residence, 1230 "Octavia
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TVEITMOE— In this city. August 19, 1901,
Rose Anna, beloved daughter of Olaf A. and
Ingevborg Tveitmoe, ! and sister of Angelo,
Evangeline, Clara. Edithe. and Blanch Tveit-
moe, a native 'of San Francisco, aged 1 year
7 months and 6 days.
WINSLOW— In this city, August 19, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Esther Winslow,
and father of Amelia A. Winslow. ' a native
of Maine, aged 74 years 11 months, and 29
days. . . ' "
Ey Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) morning, at 10 o'clock, from
St. Vincent's Church, Vallejo, Cal. '
TRACEY— In the City and County Hospital.
August 19, 1901. Mary Tracey, a native of
Ireland, aged 4S years.
TRACY— In this city, August -19,' 1901, Mary
beloved wife of Michael Tracy, and mother
of Mary, James, Katie, Martin. John, Ed-
ward, Richard and Lawrence Tracy, a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged 45
years. ,' . ' . . .
TERRY— Entered into rest In this city, August
19, 1901. Mrs. S. C. Terry, beloved wife of the
late • Jerome E. Terry, a native of Fulton,
N. T.
[C7"The funeral will take place, to-day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from 547 Fulton
street. | Interment Holv Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In Vallejo. -August IS, 1901, Mary H.
Smith, ' beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Smith, a native of Vallejo, aged 32
I y<»ar3 4 months and 17 days.
¦ E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral services
at the family residence, 3371 Twenty-first
street, to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1- o'clock.
Interment Cyaress Lawn Cemetery by elec-
tric funeral, car from corner of Twenty-first
and Guerrero streets. -¦
LTOCKTON— In the City and County Hospital,
August 19. 1901,- George Stockton, a native
of Kentucky, aged 46 years. .
SAMBRAILO— In this city, August. 18, 1901.
Marie B. Sambrailo, beloved . daughter ol
John M. and Emma Sambrailo, and grand-
child of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Morlock. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 26
days. . ... ¦ ¦
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros... 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEINKELLNER— In . this city. August 18.
1901, • John A. Stelnkellner, beloved son of
Thomas and Mae, Steinkellner. a native or
California, aged 3 months and 27 days.. .
SHATTUCK— In this city. August 19. 1901.
John Henry, beloved husband 'of Martha M.
Shattuck, and father of Charles D. L., Leno-
ra and Edna M. Shattuck, Mre. Robert Reed
and Mrs. P. A. 'Lowell, a natiye of New
Hampshire, aged 67 years 9 months and 22
days. ; . .
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Oantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, under the auspices of the Pacific
Coast Cooks' ¦ Association. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ,
STUART— In this city* August 17. 1901. Lottie,
beloved wife of William J. Stuart, mother of
William Stuart, and daughter of- Horace
Dexter, a native of' San Francisco, aged 35
years.
. C? Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral services
. to-day (Tuesday),- at St. Ignatius Church, at
2:15 o'clock. • Interment private.
ROSS— In this city. August 19. 1901, Loula
Ross, a . native of Sweden, aged 29 years 1
months and 16 days. . ¦
IC?" Notice of funeral hereafter. :
QUINLAN— In this city. August 18. 1901. Ella
J., beloved wife of Thomas F. Quinlan, and
mother of Florence E. Quinlan, a native of
Grass ' Valley, Cal.
("Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence - of ¦, bis parents. 430 Seventh • street,
j thence to St. Joseph' s. Church for * services.
Interment' Holy Cross Cemetery. . '¦
OPPENHEIMER— In this city August 19. 1901,
Bertha, beloved wife I of Ellas .. Oppenheimer,
and mother of Flora,- Zerlina and Milton Op-
penhclmer ' and Mrs. H. J. Lyons, aged 50
' years.- \ •
PEUTZ— In' this city, August 19, 190L Oscar
..Henry, beloved and • only son of Henry and
Christina Peutz, and brother of Mrs. Fred
Hansen, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years 8 months and 8 days.
PIERCE— In this city. August 19, 1901. Mrs.
M. • L. Pierce, beloved mother of William and
. Charles | Pierce, and grandmother of Evelyn
Pierce, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 70
years 6 months and 15 dlys.
BORN,
DUNLAP— In this city, August 16; 1901, to the
wife of Forrest Dunlap, a daughter. ¦ •
GREEN— In this city, August 16, 1901. to : the
wife of L. N. Green, a son. . ¦ ;, -". . ~
JONES— In this city, August IS. 1901/- to the'
wife of Henry ,T. Jones, a daughter. , v . •
PARKS— In Alameda, August 15, 1901, to the
wlte of "W. B. Parks,- a daughter.
ROOBIS ' TO LET— Fnrn. and tTmlurn.
BlfiTHS-MARRMES-DEATHS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
MOVEY TO L.OAX — Continued.
CHOICE farm bargains; callor send for list.
Wooeter. Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
SHERMAN Apartment * House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.- •
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list, c. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; roomg, per nigrht. S5c to $160; week. $2 to
$8; month, $* to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold. water; baths.,., "
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
MINNA. 911%— Two single furnished rooms,
large and sunny; $3 and $7. <¦ . ¦
FOH rent, sale or trade— One of the best »>ock
and grain or hay ranches iL^L^'tx County of
S'O acres; 200 more or less level land; in grass
and grain; 4 barns that win hold 500 tons;
good 7-room house; fenced and cross-fenced;
all Implements; plenty water; email orchard;
. horses and few cattle. Call at HENNINGS
W BROS.. Sixth and Alice Mb.. , Oakland.
MINNA.. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 prfr week; transient.
FOR BALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing: rapidly; location
>est for poultry and general farming. Apply
V> The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam.
phleu or information. •_ ¦¦¦» tests
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
ALAMEDA ttEAL ESTATE.
SUTTER. 308— Changed hands; rooms $1 60 a
week up.
STOCKTON. '832-Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
'acauhM 1 ! 1 ! mrrove<i & unimproved property
acquued by foreclmm*- i 4 cash. Bank of Ala.
TO refined lady, nicely furnished sunny room;
private family; references; $8. Box 4916, Call.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMNTS.
HE BERLIN, 238 Kearny— Elegant ruites;
single rooms; running water; transient. ..
BERKELEY kEAL ESTATE.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Get aboard in California — get off at OmahaT Chicago^ 1
Kansas City or St.- Louis. s I
There 's the whole story of a trip east with one of the) i
Burlington x
Overland Excursions. I
I No changes; no delays; no bother about tickets or bag- |
gage; porter to do your bidding; experienced excursion |
| manager to look after you; fast time; finest scenery on the I
globe. . » - 1
I . I From Los Angeles Mondays aad Wednesdays; San Francisco, I
\fmmmm3l Tuesdays and Thursdays. Tickets and berths at Southern Pacific tf
Iliflff^W^Hl ticket offices or by writing M
|BmSflbH| , W. D. Sanborn, C-4n'l Agent, 631 Market St, San Francisco. y.Verus cures; piles or, $50 reward/All up
to date : druggists sell and guarantee it.»
Sentenced by % Judge Lawlor.'
Charles i -Kenning, who .was convicted of
a charge of petty larceny, "second of-
Corte Madera Dwelling Burned.
- CORTE MADERA.; Aug. P 19.— The' resi
dence iofCharies- "Wilson,: the San? Fran
cisco architect," was destroyed -by fire 'ate
this afternoon. > The loss is about: $4000. ¦
Dr. W. J. Bauer has been appointed.res
ident physician at the Twenty-sixth street
hospital by the Board of Health, vice Dr.
Putnam, resigned. Dr. Bauer has been
connected with the Emergency Hospital
and Is a most popular young physichn.
His'salary will be $200 a month.
Dr. Bauer Promoted.
The Retail Dealers' ;. .Association at a
meeting to-day issued a call to all prop
erty; owners having an | interest , in I seeing
the "strike settled at an early -date' to at
tend'the mass meeting to-be held at Met
ropolitan Temple to-morrow evening. Ar
rangements for. the meeting .are nearly
perfected, v Many prominent speakers wiil
address the: gathering:. ,':."; •.".*¦-'¦
\Property Owners Invited.
Professor F. E. L.Beal, of the biolog
ical survey- of the Department of Agricul
ture, delivered a lecture last night: at the
Academy of Sciences on . "Bird Foods."
Some time ago California orchardists sent
a complaint to the Department of Agri
culture regarding the ravages of birds on
blossoms and fruits, and Professor Mead
was tent here to investigated He has been
in the field since May 20, and leaves again
for Napa and Sonoma counties to-day to
further continue his investigations' - ¦
Since this special department has : been
organized, Professor Beal said during the
course of his lecture" that- the contents of
the stomachs of some 36.000 birds have
been examined. Specimens reach the de
partment at the rate of 3000 a year and; a
pert Examining Orchardists'
Complaints.
Department of Agriculture Has Ex-
STOMACHS OF BIRDS
HIS SPECIAL STUDY,
California pensions were granted as fol
lows : ' Original— James ;A. Bott. • Los An
geles, $6; Caleb Haynes, San Francisco
$8: Jacob Mulford. Feiix.$6. ¦ Increase—
William Tyler. Los Angeles, $6; "William
E. Shanklin, Santa Barbara, $8. Widows
— Ordean Smith. Los Angeles, 1 $8;Mary. E.
Howell. San; Francisco, $8; Augusta C.
Aber, Sanr»iego, $8.... ..,- .. . •. •- ¦ ¦ ¦ -
WASHINGTON, Aug. 19.-Postmasters
appointed: Oregon— H. Schadewitz. Kent,
Sherman County, •' vice B. ' M. Brown, - re
signed; C. -E. : Boswell, Vale, Malheur
County, vice J. A.. Newton; resigned.
¦ Rural free delivery will be • established
October 1 at Colfax. "Whitman , County,
"Wash.. with three carriers.
Of Interest* to People of the Coast.
A. C. McPhee, a fireman on the steam
ship Asuncion, fell ' a distance' of forty
feet into the hold- of. the vessel last'night
and received serious injuries. He va.s
sent to the Harbor Hospital, where his in
juries,, which consist of lacerations of the
scalp and • right knee and' a contusion of
the groin. , were dressed • by Dr. Millar
He is being held for observation, as it Is
feared, that he is hurt internally.
Fireman Falls Forty Feet.
There is nothing in the world more" delight
ful - than a drink of good whiskey— and Jesse
Moore is good whiskey. ; , : •
Sues Edgar Sutro.
William Crane Spencer has sued Edgar
E. Sutro to recover $1100 on' a- note issued,
by the defendant on May 1, 1901.
Revivalist's Coming Postponed.
The plan to invite Rev. Wilbur Chapman,
the famous revival leader, to this city
was indefinitely postponed at a union
meeting; of the Methodist, Congregational
and Presbyterian ministers yesterday It
was decided that the time was inoppor
tune for his coming and It was agreed to
-wait until the latter part of the year. Rev
Dr/ Harris presided over the union meet
ing and Rev. Dr. Brevier was secretary
Resolutions of condolence on the death of
Rev. E. G. Mathena were introduced and
read and were ordered sent to the widow
of the late pastor.- ' .
. Miss Margaret Dale, the charming in
genue of the Frohman company, is con
fined to her apartments at the Occidental
Hotel. She is suffering from a severe at
tack of sciatica.
Miss Margaret Dale Is HI.
Judge Heacock took the matter of the
reduction of bail under advisement until
10 a., m. to-day.
Attorney Collins ooposed the motion on
statutory grounds. Judge Heacock contin
ued the case until to-morrow at 10:30 a. m.
Mr. Collins then asked that the bail of
$37,000 ,be . reduced j to . $15.000. .:. He deemed
the former sum exorbitant and unreason
able/ The case of the Government against
Dick Williams was -quoted- to show that
after "Williams hr.d appealed from a sen
tence - of a $12,000 fine and twelve years'
imprisonment his bail had ! been fixed at
$3000 by the United States Supreme Court.
When the case of Walter N. Dlmmick,
late chief clerk of the Mint, charged with
embezzlement, was calledyesterday after
noon for examination before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock, j United
States Attorney Woodworth moved for a
continuance until next Monday on the
ground that hia principal witness. Secret
Service Chief Hazen, was absent from the
city, and that J. C. Campbell on Satur
day had asked Attorney Woodworth to
continue the case for. a week, as he ex
pected to be. retained as one of Dlmmlck's
counsel and wished time to prepare him
self.' ¦-..•.¦:' .:-.:....,'
Prisoner's Attorney, George D. Col
lins, Mo vss That the Bail Be
Reduced to Half. .
Henry ' W». Spaulding . has . succeeded
George S. McComb as official reporter In'
Judge Kerrigan's department, of the Su
perior Court. Mr." Spaulding was for eight
years In the office of E. F. Preston.
Spaulding Succeeds McComb.
DIMMICK'S CASE GOES -
. OVER TO WEDNESDAY
Detective Tom Gibson telephoned to
Captain Seymour, from Crockett yester
day that the last one of the gold bricks
stolen from the - Selby smelter by Jack
winters had been recovered by the diver.
The brick Is valued at $24,000. «,
All- the Selby Gold Recovered.
D. A. Vail, the young business man of
Los Angeles, who was charged with hav
ing sent an insulting, letter to Miss Alice
Maud Harries of Mill Valley, has been ex
onerated from air suspicion by the deci
sion'of United States Court Commissioner
Heacock. Judge Heacock gave his deci
sion yesterday morning, and said that
there had been some doubt in his mind
last Saturday on the conclusion of the ex
amination, but that he had taken the
whole of Sunday to deliberate upon the
evidence, and he thanked God that he had
done so, he said, for he was -fully con
vinced of. 'the innocence of the young man.
Disregarding the evidence of the hand
writing experts, for they conflicted, he
added, he had compared the handwriting
of the accused man.wita that in the let
ter which .formed the basis of the charge
and had carefully weighed all . the evi
dence, and the result was that he was
convinced of Mr. Vail's innocence. He
therefore dismissed the charge.
A. H. Vail, uncle of the defendant, re
ceived a letter from Los Angeles signed
Revenge," In which the writer stated
that having a grievance against Vail he,
the anonymous writer, had written the
scurrilous letter and signed Vail's name
to it. A similar letter was written to Miss
Harries. Both letters were in the same
hanuwriting and on similar paper in size
and texture to that used In the scurrilous
note. • i '
.Mr. Vail was warmly congratulated by
his friends on the outcome of the trial.
The value of the testimony Oii handwrit
ing experts was shown by the fact that
the. one hired, by the prosecution swore
the handwriting of the scurrilous note
was Vail's, while the one hired by the de
fense swore It was not. Each argued in
support of his declaration, as a lawyer
would in backing up a contention.
,, Annetta Rudolph, wife, of Jake Rudolph*
was arrested last night by Policeman Mul
cahey and charged with disturbing the
peace. ' Mrs. Rudolph claims she was
walking along the street when she was
accosted by a strange man. who called
her attention to her skirt, which 'was un
buttoned. She thanked him and walked
away. After going two blocks, she says,
Mulcahey walked up to her and placed
her. under arrest. The policeman tells a
different story. He claims that Mrs. Ru
dolph accosted the man and when he
spoke to her, she called him several vile
names. As she refused to go home he took
her Into custody. .
Mrs. Rudolph Arrested.
Disregarding : Experts'
Evidence Charges Are f
Dismissed.
Regarding the manner of their leavlnr
the Finigans say "that General and Mrs
Warfield did everything in their power
to demean and humiliate them; that Mrs
Warfield was particularly loud and bois
terous in her conduct and directions, and
that both Generaland Mrs. Warfleld un
hesitatingly and unflinchingly caused
them a great deal of pain, grief and men
tal anguish, which caused them to be
shunned and despised." . »
In consecuencfi of all the acts alleeed
the plaintiffs aver that they have been
damaged in the sum named, for which
sum they demand judgment.
In their complaints the plaintiffs aver
that they entered the hotel as boarders in
September of 1896. In June of 1S3S the
plaintiffs continue, they made two mort
gages in favor of General Warfield, in
consideration 'of which he agreed to per
mit them to remain at the hotel. In vio
lation of this agreement, however, ¦- the
plaintiffs aver that on 'August 20, 1899
General .Warneld and his wife ordered
them to Quit the hotel.
Lily, Maud F.. Mary F. and P. A. Fini
gan, who for years were residents of the
HoterRafael. have sued General and- Mrs.
R. H. Warneld to recover $5000 damages
each for alleged unlawful eviction from
the hotel named. General Warfifld was
proprietor of the Hotel Rafael, and it was
at his direction, the plaintiffs allege, that
they were forced to leave the hostelry
much to their humiliation. "
From the Hotel Rafael Much
to Their Humiliation.
Say They Were Unlawfully Evicted
TINIGANS SUE GENERAL
WARFIELD FOR DAMAGES
These orders will result in a great
decrease in the numbers of the clerical
forces employed at the -different points
named and will let out many men who
have been with the different roads for
years past. -, ¦¦¦•¦*,
At Cincinnati the Union Pacific office
is to be consolidated with the Southern
Pacific, at St. . Louis the Southern Pa
cific force is to be merged into the force
of the Union Pacific, and a somewhat
similar consolidation is likewise to take
place at Kansas City.
Following out his ideas of consolida
tion in the traffic departments of the
roads belonging to the syndicate, Mr.
Stubbs has issued from his office in
Chicago orders that on September 1 the
Southern Pacific offices at the three
places mentioned shall be merged into
the offices of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company and the business
conducted from one headquarters in each
place.
Ben Campbell, traffic manager of the
Oregon • Railway and Navigation Com
pany, is in the city. He arrived "yester
day on business connected with his posi
tion. Mr. Campbell brings news of
important changes in the offlce manage
ment of the Southern Pacific which will
let out a number of subordinate clerks
in the employ of that corporation at
Tacoma, Portland and Seattle.
Which Mean Discharge of
Many Men.
Orders Sent Out to Different Points
JUDCE HEACOCK
ACQUITS VAIL
STTJBBS HAS COMMENCED
V ON HIS CONSOLIDATION
The greater portion of Professor Beal's
time has been taken up around the bay
counties, although he has been as far
north as Humboldt County. The result of
his researches will be reported to the de
partment, but will be. necessarily incom
u.fi 6 i °7L lns t0 hls arrlv al on the Coast
late In the season. He expects to return
.« , e * y . s P rIn S to continue his work
• A brief nistory of what each class of
?h r fl ?nf« u an u, the j" ffer ence in tastes and
the peculiarities of the carnivorous and
info full- a fruIt - ea ting birds were go.ie
study is made of the contents of each
bird s stomach.. Bulletins are issued from
time to time. ¦
Trust Company— Judgment of the Circuit Court
affirmed.
Tacoma Railway and Power Company vs.
David L. Hays — Judgment affirmed.
The court adjourned until the first Mon
day in September. . ¦
White Wants the Children.
Secretary White of the Socfety for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children has ap
plied for letters of guardianship upon the
persons and estates of Nellie, Phoebe and
Echo Allen; three children under the ju
risdiction of Judge Coffey's court. Two
of the children are now at the Biter "baby
farm." near San Rafael. The eldest child
has applied for letters of guardianship
over her sisters, and the contest promises
to be interesting.
Change of Venue Denied.
When the case of Dora Schwarting,
midwife. 510 Eddy street, charged with
cruelly beating little Annie Keller, wa&
called in Judge Mogan's court yesterday
afternoon for trial by a jury Attorney
Black, for the defendant, filed an affidavit
asking for a change of venue on the
ground of bias and prejudice: A counter
affidavit was filed by Assistant District
Attorney Harris, and the Judge declined
to make the change. • A Jury was Impan
eled and the case continued till this morn
ing.
Court of Appeals Decisions.
United States District Judge Meeks of
Texas sat with Judges Morrow and De
Haven on the bench of the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday. De
cisions were handed down as follows:
MillB & Glbb vs. W. T. Lewis and Edward
W. For*y. as trustees of the estate of Fixen
& Co.. bankrupts— Order of District Court af
firmed.
C. K. King, as administrator of the estate
tit J. W. Smith, deceased, vs. Charles H
Smith and the California Safe Deposit and
A FEW PASTELS EMANATING FROM THE FANCY OF A CALL ARTIST WHO SPENT .- THE '¦ ENTIRE DAY IN
VESTIGATING THE TROUBLES OF BARTENDERS IN THE COMPANY OF AN ACCOMPLISHED VIVA
CIOUS AND CAPACIOUS SPOTTER.
The police are inclined to believe that
Lee is responsible for several burglaries
committed in the interior. He will be
.formally charged with burglary to-day.
By dint of Inquiry Dinan and "Wren lo
cated Lee's room and on searching it they
found a lot of the stolen property hidden
under the bureau.
Early Sunday morning the jewelry store
of Joseph Schwalbe' at 516 Market street
was entered by unlocking the front door
and 624 gold and plated rings, valued at
about $2000, were taken. Detectives Dinan
and "Wren were detailed on the case and
last evening they arrested an athletic
young fellow who gave his name as Mike
Ifce and charged him with the crime. A
large portion of the plunder was 'found
in his pockets. Lee, the police think, is
a desperate crook. He had two keys,
which would fit almost any Yale lock.
Lee at first denied that he committed the
burglary, but when confronted with the
evidence of his guilt he broke down and
made a complete confession. To the de
tectives he said he arrived here about two
weeks ago from Seattle us a . stowaway.
"While * passing ¦ the jewelry store- - he
thought It would be easy to enter It and
get away before the police could get track
of him. Early Sunday morning he went
to the store and as the street was de
serted he concluded to force an entrance.
With the keys he had in his possession
he opened the Yale lock which held the
door and quickly entered. After helping
himself to a large assortment of rings,
opera glasses, colored spectacles and two
nickel watches he emerged from the place
and hurriedly walked to his room on
Kearny street, near Pine. Last evening
he was seen by detectives walking 8100?
Grant avenue and they placed him under
arrest. *
The menagerie has been added to since
last season, when it was a rarely fine col
lection of zoological specimens. Several
weeks ago a giraffe was brought to this
country for Ringling Brothers and it is
now on exhibition in this" department of
the circus. It is the' only animal of its
kind in captivity. There are splendid
specimens of ;h» rarest wild animals and
thirty elephants in the menagerie annex. •
The programme contains one hundred or
more acts. Among the star features im
ported for this year's bill are Amelia Fee
ley, a young bareback rider, barely 18
years old, who has achieved great Euro
pean fame. She rides In a 'long skirt and
presents a stuuning picture. Then
there is the ¦ Holloway trio, who perform
on»a high wire the most difficult" gym
nastic work: the Garcinnetti family of
nine acrobatic celebrities from Italy; the
Marvelles and Le Mounts from England
and the Millers from Australia. The won
derful Dacoma family is at the head of
the acrobatic list of sixty performers, and
their feats . separate them from all the
others. Joseph La Flarva, the French
gymnast; the Fisher family, aerialists; Al
bert Crandall • and his trick mule. Mme.
Noble and her bucking horse Jupiter, John
O'Brien and his sixty-one horse act, the
menage of Miss Nora O'Brien and Miss
Fredericks, the bareback riding of John
Rooney and Julia Lowanda and Lizzie
Rooney, the clown antics of the Mlacos.
Al and Steve, and Lockhart's performing
elephants are ultra-brilliant acts in the
long list that makes up the ring pro
gramme. .
Wonderful Performers Will Display
Their Skill During the Coming
Week.
Ringling Bros.' circus has been weighed
and not found wanting by the San Fran
cisco public, and its return next week will
be welcome. It is a circus of enormous
size; the canvas coverings spread over
twelve acres .of ground. In the huge hip
podrome tent' there are three rings, two
stages and an oval racing track a quarter
of a mile long. Overhead are all the me
chanical trappings that go with daring
midair feats.
MANY NEW FEATTJBES IN
. RINGLING'S BIG CIRCUS
Prison.
I 0
'Mike Lee, a Desperate
Crook, Landed in
JEWELRY STORE
BURGLAR CAUGHT
Jean A. Dwyer has applied to the Supe
rior Court for a writ of mandate to com
pel the Board of Education to reinstate
her as a f teacher in the Sherman Primary
School. Miss Dwyer was suspended last
month, 'she alleges, without cause. Judge
Seawell will hear the case.
Seeks Reinstatement.
t ense, was sentenced by Judge Lawlor
yesterday to three years In San Quentln.
His first conviction was in 18S3. E. W.
Hammond was' convicted by a Jury of
burglary in- the second degree for break
ing into a room In the St. David's House
715 Howard street, and will be sentenced
Saturday.
"Walling: Held to Answer.
Julius M. Walling wa3 held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on the charge of grand lar
ceny in JMXXT bonds, which were promptly
forthcoming. He is accused of stealing a
ring with two valuable diamonds from
Mrs. Annie M. Dodge. 719 Taylor street.
on July 23. He was at the time a roomer
in the house. x .
' Appointed a Customs Inspector.
Customs Collector Stratton has ap
pointed Martin B. Ritter a customs In
spector. Mr. Ritter was formerly em
ployed in the Mint. ,
Forty-First District.
The Forty-first Assembly District &e\e
f?\ S» ( x S 11 eet next Thu "<Jay evening
at 1922 Broadway. The delegates will
elect a chairman and perhaps agre» on
some general line of policy.
There have been no recent additions to
the list of prospective candidates for the
Mayoralty nomination. Judge Bahr=
Auditor Wells and Charles R. Patto"n
are regarded as active candidates,' and
each is developing positive strength.
Friends of H. J. Crocker and C S
Laumeister are not idle.
Ex-Assemblyman Arthur Fisk the
Examiner's candidate on the Republican
ticket for District Attorney, is making
an active ca-nvass of the delegations
Several Republican members of the pres
ent Board of Supervisors, among them
George Sanderson and Horace Wilcon
would like the endorsement at the con
vention for another term in the board
Agustus Tilden, chairman of th«» Kell'y-
Crimmins County Committee: Edmund
Tauszky of the Fortieth District and T
P. Riordan of the Forty-second are can
didates for chairman of the convention.
The allied bosses of the Republican
party who look to Martin Kelly for sup
port and inspiration have been" sizing up
the independents in several boss delega
tions, and the survey does not convince
-nem that they have a "cinch" on the
convention. Eoss Kelly's following in
the convention is positive and clear He
.s a delegate himself, standing at the
head of the Twenty-eighth District dele
pmon. He proposes- to address his fel
low delegates as one commissioned to
ppeak for the people. Immediately after
tne primary election Herrin. Lynch and
several remnants of the Sacramento
senatorial push campaign sought to de
tach some of the Kelly-Crimmlns dele
gates, and also boasted of their ability
to control three or four independent dele
gations. So far as can be ascertained By
diligent inquiry the independent dele
gates have resolved to shun both Herrin
and Kelly. Crimmins would instantly do
politics with Herrin and Lynch if he
did not stand in mortal fecr of Kelly. If
Herrin figures to an,v considerable ex
tent in the convention, he will do so
through an understanding with Kelly
because the big boss at the head of the
Twenty-eighth District has positive
strength which can be thrown as he
« , e « C K S - *£ be iK? een Herrlr > and Kelly
anti-boss Republicans have little or no
choice. The Primary League force of
123 delegates may wield in the conven
tion a great power for thl good of the
city.
Sizing Up Delegates.
It is common belief that Hearst will bolt
the Democratic ticket if Phelan is renom-
Inated for Mayor. The Phelanites control
the convention, but they are appalled at
the widespread unpopularity of Phelan.
The Mayor himself comprehends that he
has lost caste in his own party and may
decline to go on the ticket. He speaks of
Foing abroad, temarking that he has ad
justed his business affairs to enable him
to make a long trip. Up Gavin McXab's
sleeve there may be a candidate to allure
the Democracy. Phelan. however is re
rarded as the logical candidate of the
Democratic parly. He was winner in the
little skirmish for delegates to the party
convention. ;
"I am not a candidate and would not
accept a nomination on any ticket. I have
all that I can do in attending to my work
as editor of the Star."
Barry Not a Candidate.
'. After the Maguire candidacy was dis
posed of attention was turned to John
"W. McDonald, nresident of the City Street
Improvement Company. It is doubtful if
he can be persuaded to enter the race.
Yesterday he authorized The Call to say
that he was not a candidate for Mayor
and would not under any circumstance ac
cept a nomination for that or any other
office. The merits of James H. Barry.
editor of the Star, have been discussed, it
was fancied that he would consent to
head the independent party, but when the
FUbject was introduced to him he posi
tively declined to entertain the suggestion
of running for Mayor on any kind of a
ticket. He remarked:
labor party, or some independent move
ment headed tjy laboring- men." to 'defeat
the nominee for Mayor on the regular
Democratic ticket. Hearst is also encoun
tering obstacles in his search for an ac
ceptable" man to run for Mayor. The hon
or cf leadership on his ticket was offered
to James G. Maguire, but the latter after
reflection declined to. make the race. Had
he accepted war to the,knife would have
been waged against him by a strong fac
tion of ihe independents. It is known that
one 'element of strength on which: tKe.
labor party relies was bitterly opposed to
Maguire for Governor in 1S9S.
It is common talk in political circles
that Hearst is ready to take charge of the
The Republicans are diligently searching
for a suitable candidate for Mayor, and
many names are under consideration. The
Democrats are also endeavoring to pick
out an available man of popularity and
general fitness to head their ticket.
Edward W. Smith, stenographer in the
offlce of Major Blakeney, superintendent
of the United States Life Saving Service
in this, city, has been arrested by.Cheii
Hazen ->f the Unlje-J States" Secret Service
for circulating bank notes of the defunct
'State Bank of New, Brunswick, N. J.
Smith, in addition to his salary ns an
employe of the Government, owns a half
interest in a curiosity shop at 433 Mont
gomery'street, Leopold Greenberg being
his partner. His connection • with the
worthless notes ¦was exposed by Frank J.
Perry, the first member of the gang ar
rested a few days ago for ,-nssing several
of the notes of the value of $1 each.
The second suspected member of the
gang, William Hagan, was caught last
Saturday and placed in the -'tanks.' Afier
this arrest had been made Ferry express
ed his readiness to become informer and
turn up all the notes, of the whereabouts
of which he was aware. On' being guar
anteed immunity and furnishing certam
information to the Secret Service men, he
was sent to the curiosity shop,' Chief Ha
ze n and Operative Moffltt shadowing him.
= I thought you were in jail," remarked
Smith, in . surprise, as Perry entered.
Oh, they had to turn me loose. They
couldn't make anything stick on those
S ot i e A * re P lie <* Perry. He then asked
bmitn for four or five of the notes. Smith
said he did not have any on hand just
then, but would have some in an hour.
Smith was "shadowed" by the officials
to the warehouse of the Life Saving Ser
vice on Jackson street, where Perry paid
bmith several marked coins for the bills.
After the purchase had been completed,
Moffltt walked in and arrested Smith, the
marked coins being found in his pockets.
The old curiosity shop on Montgomery
street was next searched and New Bruns
wick bank bills of the face value of $5500
were found concealed on an upper shelf
Perry Informed the officers that this batch
or bills was a new consignment just re
ceived by Smith from the East, where the
headquarters of the gang was situated.
..w hlel l WiIkle at 'Washington has been
tipped by wire, and It is expected that
the headquarters and the plates will be
seized in a day. or two.
*J na % notes as printed are unsigned, and
the Secret Sevice men Say that Hagan
filled in the signature blanks
Still Hunt for Candidate to
Lead Democratic Bolting
Faction.
What the outcome of the trouble will be
no one can foresee. v In the meantime,
however, the gentleman ¦whom we all de
light to honor between the acts is worry
ing over the possibility of his having to
get along on only three changes of jewel
ry and of his eventually being reduced to
a state ~of penury which will allow him
but little more latitude In expenditure
than is suffered by the ordinary bank
president.
In order, to make certain that no daring
Bplrit ventures to. disobey this cruel order
a number of gentieigen of leisure and ca
pacity have been hired to act as spotters
and report the names of those who trans
gress.' These spotters are supplied with
money and their duty is to take in all the
"Joints" along the line, buy drinks^ and
watch what becomes of the coin tendered
in exchange for the refreshment and con
fidential bit of local gossip that Is inva
riably handed out with the cherry and the
clove. Notwithstanding the strike, no dif
ficulty has been found in filling these posi
tions. On the contrary, the number of ap
plicants that have presented themselves,
when considered in comparison with the
amount of liquor on hand, forms a prob
lem, which if successfully solved ¦will
make "the loaves and fishes" look like a
10. 20 and 20 cent show. •
cents an assuage.
Like Richelieu, the proprietors have
drawn a magic circle around the sacred
form of the silver box on the mantel be
hind the mahogany, and they now stand
ready. to grill any subordinate that shall
dare to cross that line.. They will go fur
ther, and place his name on a blacklist
that will effectually prevent him from ob
taining employment in any place where
the thirst of the. weary wayfarer Is as
suaged for the modest sum of 10 or 15
This determination on the part of the
men who deal in liquid delights and con
trol politics is both' unjust and unprece
•derite.d.:. The: cash register, has always
been one of the most highly prized pre
rogatives of the pentlemen who scintillate
in front of the l.olis'ied mirrors, and to de
prive them of the right that immemorial
usage has made theirs is an injustice that
they will not stand. It is against the free
born principle of the great American con
stitution, which gives .to every man the
inalienable rignt to think and act for'him
self.. If the saloon-keepers Insist in. en
¦forcing this extermination of theirs the
mixers will follow the example recently
set by the ' head of. a ' great corporation
and resign.
that Insatiable greed characteris
tic of employers, the saloon men of, San
Francisco have had the effrontery to de
clare that they have the same right to
participate in the profits of their houses
as the men who work for them, and have
issued a fiat prohibiting the white-coated
brigade from with the cash reg
isters to any appreciable extent.
ter-^HE bartenders of this city are ln
|| digmant. They feel that they have
I just cause for complaint, as, ln
\x~ deed, they have. Overcome by
Makes Profit by Circulating
• Worthless Notes of De
funct Bank.
Delegates Survey Field
to Find the Man for
Mayor.
Major Blakeney's Short
hand Man Caught in
the Act. )
Indignation Aroused Among the "Mixers'' by an Order Which
Forces Them to Abstain /From /Participating .in Profits That
. Greedy Employers Have Bared to Consider AH Their Own
SPURIOUS PAPER
SOLD FOR CASH
NAME TO HEAD
PARTY TICKET
BARKEEPERS COMPELLED TO WORK
MERELY FOR A REGULAR SALARY
¦jrnwsM raiscisco cam,, totsdat. auoost so. iboi.
12
ADV2SRTISE2EENTS.
SAVING IS EASY,
But fortune comes to those most skillful
In exercising it. Our laundry work Is sav-
ing in wear of garments and satisfactory
In results.
Perfect methods result in perfect work-
that and that only is what we turn out.
No saw edges. ' ¦ •
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Straat.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-54- San Pablo Ave.
....LET MB EXPLAI^..." NT
! The reason why I can I
....SAVE YOU ONE-THIRD.... U
- On Eyeglasses and Spectacles:
I Day low rent— my competitor pays III
high rent. YOU GET THE BEXEFIT I
OP THE DIFFERENCE. .HI
I also duplicate any kind of lens for 1 1
1-3 less than any on© else. Ill
E. MAXWELL. ¦;¦'¦'¦¦¦ III
Room 42. sixth floor. Academy of II '
II Sciences Bldg., 810 MARKET ST. JJ|
|?"VAN VROOJYl" I
g Dental Parlors, , 9
B (001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. 1
""^ ** ¦-- CUT THIS OUT.
VDR. G. E. :^SSppRFF; {
\ Late Supernt:id£nt Physician City (
V . • and Conntw Hospital. )
/ MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES. \
: SPECIFIC TREATMENT
\ For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS. \ ¦
\ Twenty Tears* Experience. 7-i
( Patients may be treated at home or prl/ \
} fate sanitarium. Offlce Glasgow Butldmi \
( 105 Ellis «. near Powell.- HronvM ' ro 12 }
1 a. m., 2 to 4 p. m. V
I at a theater there is anxiety behind the scenes due to 1
g a fear that the audience may not be pleased. No such I
I uncertainty troubles us, however, when we display the 1
g shoes we have just received for our
I New $3.50 Department
§ of footwear for men and women. We know they will
| satisfy, for they are our exclusive shapes in all the stun-
i "ing: styles of Oxfords and Boots in Patent Leather, ?!
Vici Kid, Box Calf, Russia Calf, and every sort of ma-
» terial. We make an especial point of seeing that our
customers are properly fitted, and keep all . the ex-
treme sizes and widths.
r< vi^/ 1 • s^ji'/^ ¦¦. v ¦../// *! r ¦
g^i ii ¦¦¦mi t\ ii — h— jb— — jj^^ MMM^^ MMim>^^ tM^
corrmaMT wm «t th» p«oct»» « 5«u« eo. emci><N»Ti
, SOAP DIGNITY.
l^rrJT IS eas y t( > fi nc * a ptxre soap: it is easy
Wj& to find a cheap one. ; The problem is
lferi*l to find b%th combined ; a soap that j is
pure yet inexpensive. Ivory Soap is the test
solution of that problem. It is an original
prbduct, evolved after years of experiment and
research. It is the most of pure soap for
the least money. It stands approved to-day
by a second generation of Ivory Soap users*