VOLU5E XCI.— XO 28.
TEMPEST IN THE NORTH DESTROYS PROPERTY WORTH ONE MILLION DOLLARS;
CITIES OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA SUFFER FROM DISASTROUS WIND AND SAND
RUIN RIDES
WITH STORM
IN THE SOUTH
Great Gale Startles
the Orange Belt
Residents.
Dust Whirls in Gigantic
Pillars and Sweeps
Over Crops.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 2T.— A wind storm
cf unusual force and destructiveness has
raged to-day all over the southern part
of California. The storm is what is lo
cally known as a "Santa Ana" and car
ries with it fine dust from the desert
to the east, that fills the air and obscures
ihe vision at distances more than a few
hundred yards.
Reports from surrounding towns say
much damage was wrought by the wind
to oranges and some damage to small
buildings. Railroad traffic !s delayed and
In some instances entirely obstructed.
The storm Is heaviest in the vicinity of
Santa Ana, Col ton and Pomona, between
v.-hich places three passenger trains on
the main line of the Southern Pacific are
Flailed, owing to sand piling upon the
tracic to the depth of two feet in places
and resisting all efforts to keep the tracks
clear.
Great Damage at Hiverside
- Reports from Riverside, the heart of
the great orange region, sixty miles cast
of Los Angeles, Elate that immense dam
ape has resulted from tee high wind.
rtr«t!?« fe«T-e twr-en Wcm rrrcn the trees
in some cases the trees themselves
going down before the force of the storm.
From all accounts the less to orcharaists
in the Riverside district will be in the
neighborhood of 50C0 boxes.
At Refilands the storm was very severe,
but the damage was not serious. Sand
piled up on the railroad tracks to the
£«?pth of three feet and obstructed all
traffic during the day. No through trains
from Los Anseles have reached Red
lands to-day. Telejn-aph and telephone
wires have suffered to more or less extent
throughout the storm area and communi
cation with many places is difficult to es
tablish. The wind ceased at Redlands
late in the afternoon and a large force
Of men was put to wonc clearing the rail
road tracks in order to release tho de
layed trains.
At Rochester, twenty miles west of
Redlands, the Southern Pacific castbound
train is tied up.
Colton in tlie Center.
Cclton seems to have been the very
center of the disturbance and the wind
has done considerable damage to fruit
and small buildhigs. Sand blocked the
railroads and no trains have moved in
that vicinity since morning. The storm
reached its height at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon and gradually subsided after
that hour.
The Southern Pacific Company has
been the greatest sufferer in the matter
of delayed trains. In many places it has
been impossible to move a wheel. The
Santa Fe Railroad also felt the effects,
but while greatly delayed has managed
to keep its trains moving.
The only Inconvenience suffered In Los
Angeles from the storm, was due to the
fine dust that filled the air and obscured
the vision. Very little wind accompanied
the dust storm here and no damage has
been reported In the immediate vicinity
of this city. To the south of here, how
ever, the storm approached a cyclone in
Its intensity and much damage Is be
lieved to have resulted. Owing to the
lack of facilities for communicating with
many outlying points to-night, the full
extent of the damage will not be learned
until to-morrow.
FRTJIT SCATTERED ALL BOUND.
Ana in the T/hick of the Big
Blast
SANTA AN'A. Dec. 27.— This locality
■was to-day the Bcene of the moet disas
trous wind and sand storm experienced In
thirty years. A high pressure of th© at
mosphere that has been accumulating out
on the great salt desert for the past two
days to-day resulted in a sand storm that
in this vicinity is unprecedented. A high
wind carrying loads of sand pebbles that
has been blowing fairly strong since
Christmas day culminated to-day in a
blinding, cyclonic sand storm,' rushed on
by a wind that at times reached a ve
locity of eighty miles an hour. Much dam
age to property and to crops is reported,
several railroad accidents were narrowiy
averted and the wind still blows with In
termittent severity.
In this city the sand blew in from the
desert in pillars reaching up as high as
thirty feet and completely blinding and
smothering pedestrians and teams on the
For several houfcs traffic was
virtually suspended. Doors and windows
■were tightly closed to keep out the stl-
Continued on Page Two.
The San Francisco Call.
BATTLE IN WHICH HUNDREDS FALL
IS LOST BY COLOMBIAN INSURGENTS
CASTRO STANDS
READY TO FIGHT
GERMAN NATION
Venezuela "Will Resist the
Seizure of One of
Her Ports.
Government Is Encourarged by Vic
tories Over Insurgent Forces
in Several Decisive En
gagements.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.—
President Castro seems to have
succeeded in defeating the revo-
t lutlonists Jn Venezuela and is
preparing to resist the seizure by
Germany of a Venezuelan port. Offi
cial advices concerning his victo
ries have been received by the
State Department from Minister Bow
en at Caracas. Early last week it
looked as though the revolution would
overthrow Castro's Government, but he
sent troops, which are apparently devoted
to him, to attack the command of Gen
eral Medoza, chief of the rebels, and they
have inflicted defeats in several contacts.
Reports were recently published from
Berlin announcing that before carrying
out her programme Germany would await
the result of the revolution. This was
contrary to the belief of the administra
tion, which expected a demonstration to
occur irrespective of internal conditions
prevailing in the republic. In view of the
-gathering of German warships near Ven
ezuela the authorities say that a move
ment upon one of the ports of that coun
try may be expected at any moment.
General Blockade Not Likely.
The report that a blockade of all ports
will be instituted is considered ridiculous,
because Germany has only four warships
in the Caribbean Sea and the most they
could do would be to occupy and hold one
port. Even this occupation probably
would be difficult
General Castro has made it clear that
he proposes to resist foreign Invasion of
his territory! and as he has an army of
15,000 men he will be able to make it lively
for the Germans.
Another reason why It is not believed
that Germany contemplates the establish
ing of a blockade is that she proposes to
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY;: DECEMBER 28, 1001.
RETIRED PRESIDENT OF COLOMBIA.' THE ACTING CHIEF EXECUTIVE, THE COMMANDING GENERA WHO
IS DIRECTING THE REVOLUTIONARY CAMPAIGN AND SCENES IN THE, STRUGGLE FOR THE 'OVER
THROW OF THE PRESENT GOVERNMENT. :vr:: :;: 'z'zz't*'-
General Mann's Revolutionary f orei At
tacks Honda
Ends in His Defeat.
BOGOTA, Dec. 27.— The Government
troops have gained an Important
victory at Honda, which is about
fifty-five miles from here, over the
revolutionary forces under General Marin.
The loss of life was- heavy. According to
the latest accounts 400 men were killed.
General Marin attacked the garrison at
Honda at 6 o'clock in the morning and the
fighting lasted until midnight. There were
about BOO men in the garrison and the at
tacking force consisted of 1200 f.Mdiers.
After the battle had continued for two
collect duties upon all . goods imported
into Venezuela and a blockade would have
the : effect of decreasing- importatTons.
Embassador von Hollenberg ,has made it
plain to the Secretary that his Govern
ment will occupy a Venezuelan port only
so long as is absolutely necessary to col
lect the claims due its subjects.
Castro Looks for Sympathy.
There appears to be much reliance on
the part of Venezuela in the sentiment
and sympathy which can be aroused
within the United States when a Euro
pean invader is actually operating on
American soil and Venezuela Issues a
declaration of war. Venezuela,, it Is-un
derstood, relies largely on the fact that
hours reinforcements ! reached the garri
son and the tide of battle, . which had
been slightly favoring the insurgents,'
turned. The rebels were repulsed and
were pursued, about ten miles'. ( '
Continued fighting has taken place dur
ing the last week at Fusagaauga and Cu
macua and many' men were Skilled. The
Government troops were victorious, j
It is believed that these battles will vir
tually end the revolution in the interior
of Colombia. ;
Dr. Marroquln. acting President of Co-
foreign capital' is invested; in. the large
Venezuelan ports and would :be the
heaviest sufferer f rom ' any destruction
wrought by . the? Germans." Money ; from
France, England, Germany and the
United States, has built La Guayra,
Maracaiboand.the^bther large places and
the little .yenezuelah/capijal, ; it is said, is
at stake. ; A' German Jvosion, Venezuelans
declare, will prove quite, as onerous to
American, Brltlshand other foreign ship
ping as it'will be to the internal. interests
of Venezuela, *arid " these shipping -inter
ests are- expected to appeal.. to ' : their /sev
eral governments. There are a few hope
ful signs on both sides that at the: last
moment a clash may be averted.
lombia, .during an interview to-day de
clared that relations -between 'Venezuela
and his Government were very strained.
He added that the Colombian' Government
was maintaining a large army along* the
Venezuelan frontier, in Taehira;and Gua
jlra Peninsula and at Rio Hacha, in order
that Colombia's interests could . be pro
tected against aggressions by President
Castro. ' .*' '. . ' '. ■"■"..■ . " ' • :
Acting President Marroquin intends to
remain in power. General Reyes is- not
coming; to Bogota at present.
The German Minister to Venezuela is
still: at his posti and there. is some hope
that he may still bring about a." settlement.
The outlook .for /a cash settlement, how
ever, Is rather meager, since" Venezuela's
treasury is empty and allof . the.-Venezue
•lan officials are on" half^-pay." 1 ' Another
possible' means of settlement "is through
the diplomatic offices
Venezuelan ' official now on -foreign ser
vice; who has been by cable
to return to;Caracas, probably' for '.the
purpose of going on a special" mission to
Germany. \ .
•; The i presence .of the North "Atlantic
squadron and many other American war
ships in .West Indian waters '. is the
i . ; . „• — . ■ ":..'■■•;■ : ■•
ARGENTINA AND
CHILE SETTLING
THEIR DISPUTE
Alteration of the Protocol
. Causes Only Temporary
Hitch.
Santiago Foreign Office Promptly
Orders a Rectification When Pro
test Is Received From
Buenos Ayres.
BUENOS ATKES, Dec. 27. via Gal
veston.—It is generally admitted
this evening that the difficulties
between Argentina and Chile have
been ended. ' It is true that a word
in-' the protocol was changed before tho
text of the document was made public at
Santiago, but Senor Portela, the Argen
tine Minister, protested against the alter
ation and the Chilean Foreign Minister
promptly ordered rectification to be made.
The Nacion says the Argentine-Chilean
protocol has been definitely approved by
Dr. Alcorta, the Argentine Minister of
Foreign Affairs. It is further asserted
that the incident arising from the chang
ing of a phrase in the protocol by the"
Chilean Minister of Foreign Affairs. Senor
Yanez, has not the importance attached
to it by some of the newspapers here. ; ;
Street demonstrations yesterday even
ing, which were promptly suppressed by
the police, gave rise to rumors of a revo
lutionary movement, which had na foun
dation in fact. Certain street3 of Buenos
A yres are occupied to-night by a force of
police, who will prevent further manifes
tations. . ( •.
Dr. Alcorta said this evening that he
believed the difficulties between Argentina
and Chile would be successfully arranged
to-morrow.
source of much speculation in Germany
and Venezuela. The Berlin officials are
assured that the presence , of American
ships has nothing to do with Germany's
plans attains t Venezuela, but at Caracas
the presence of American ships in the
neighborhood is looked upon with satls-
Continued on Page Two.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SEA WRECKS
HOMES AND
CANNERIES
Howling Gale Lashes
Gulfs Waters
Into Fury.
IV arrow Escapes of Men
and Women From
Terrible Deaths.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 27.— Disaster
by flood, the most extensive on the lower
mainland since the Fraser overwashed
its banks in 1804, to-day followed the
storm of "Wednesday night. The. can
neries and buildings and farms at the
mouth of the north arm of the Fraser
River are the greatest sufferers and tho
damage will aggregate nearly $1,000,000. •
High tides and freshets from heavy
rains combined to cause the trouble.
Lullu Island and Sea Island, containing
the town of Steveston and the village of
Kburne, with 20,000 acres of highly culti
vated farms, were buried to-day under
four feet of water. Three canneries were
destroyed, many others damaged and
miles of dykes were swept out.
Out in the muddy waters of the gulf
there are thousands of dollars' worth of
salmon cases floating around, tossed idly
to and fro by the waves that still keep
green the memory of the storm of the
day before. At the north arm of the
Fraser the river all day yesterday and
again this morning was the wildest ever
seen by the oldest residents of that vicin
ity. All along there are piles of wreck
age. ,
Big Canneries Are Lost.
The Alliance cannery, the North Arm
cannery and the Labrador cannery at or
near Terra Nova were wholly destroyed.
The canneries mentioned were wrecked
by being battered with trees and by the
high tide which aided in moving them
from their foundations. Portions of the
salmon pack were still in the buildlng3.
left over from the fish'lng season. Some
of the canned salmon is piled up over in
the fields, where there is from two to
| four leet of water, while many cases
have floated out to sea and are being
washed by the waters of the gulf.
The most exciting scenes occurred In
the demolishing of Japanese boarding 1
houses standing on piling near the can
neries. Many of the Japanese would have
been caught like rats in a trap had they
not been assisted out by the white peo
ple in the neighborhood and by other can
nery employes. One Japanese boarding
house containing nine men floated away
and for some time it was impossible to
reach the occupants, but finally two boat3
were manned by volunteers, who realized
perfectly that they were taking their lives
In their hands in endeavoring to rescue
these fishermen. The latter were taken
off the roof of the floating house and
brought to shore, or rather to the place
where the shore used to be.
Logs Storm Buildings.
The Labrador cannery was the first to
be wrecked. Logs four feet thick which
dashed against the building were also
carried Inside the dyke and leveled the
embankment on the way. Nearly all the
cannery boats were smashed and put out
where dry land will appear when the tide
goes out again.
The Alliance and North Arm canneries
had not a possible chance to survive the
storm and were quickly demolished. At
the Vancouver cannery, near by, ninety
fishing boats, valued at S10O each, were
washed up in a field half a mile away
from the river and practically battered
to pieces. One case or salmon was thrown
twenty feet along a dyke, where the next
wave caught it and flung it fifty feet
higher into a tree^ where it still rests.
At the Richmond cannery the cnglne
house and smaller buildings were
wrecked. Here, as well as in other can
neries, the water came in over the can
r.ery floor and damaged the pack.
The town of Steveston was still under
water to-day. Along the north arm and
around the island to Steveston. a distance
totaling thirty miles, there is not a htin
i dred yards of continuous dyke remain- .
ing. Farmers moved their families Into
the second stories of houses and went to
barns, in boats. Loss to small stock will
be large.
Watchman Bravely Escapes.
On the Steveston side the Cleeve tan
ning Company's fishing station, with
buildings and scows at the sand heads,
were carried away and not a single pile
of . th© wharves is left standing. Soma
of the smaller buildings of the Albion
cannery were also carried away. The
watchman .thought that the entire can
nery was going out and he hoisted slg-
Ttals of distress. These' attracted atten
tion from Steveston and the watchman
was brought off.
The ship Greta was loading talmon
Continued on Page Two.2
NEW YEAR'S DAY
AT WHITE HOUSE
President Arranges Pro
gramme for General
Reception.
Will First Receive Members
of Cabinet and Diplo
matic Corps.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— The pro
gramme of the President's New Year is
as follows:
The President will receive at 11 a. m.
the members of the Cabinet and the dip
lomatic corps.
At lldS a. m. the Chief Justice and the ,
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court
of the United States; the Judges of the
United States Court of Claims; the:
Judges of the Court of Appeals; the
Judges of the Supreme Court of the Dis- :
trict of Columbia; ex-members of the ;
Cabinet and ex-Ministers to the United
States.
At 11:23 a. m. Senators, Representatives
end Delegates in Congress; the commis
sioners and judicial officers of the Dis
trict of Columbia.
At 11:40 a. m., officers of the army; offi
cers of the navy; officers of the Marine
Corps; commanding general and staff
of the militia of tne District of Columbia.
At 12 m., the regents and secretary of
the Smithsonian Institution; the Com
missioner of Fisheries; the Civil Service
Commission; the Interstate Commerce
Commission; the Commissioner of La
bor; assistant secretaries of departments;
css:?tant postmasters general; the Solic
itor General; assistant attorneys general;
ihe Treasurer of the United States;
Commissioner of Pensions; Commission
er of Patents; Controller of the Currency;
the heads of bureaus in the several de»
partments; the president of the Colum
bian Institute for the Deaf and Dumb.
At 12:15. the Associated Veterans of the
\Tar cf 1S46-47; the G. A. R.; the mili
tary order of the Loyal Legion of the
United States; the Union Vetemn Le
sion; Union Veteran Union; Spanish
War Veterans; the members of the Old
est Inhabitants* Association of the dis
trict of Columbia.
At 12:35 p. m., reception of citizens.
CASTRO STANDS READY TO FIGHT
Continued from Page One..
faction and is construed as distinctly sig
nificant.
ANCHORS OFF LA GTJAYRA.
German Cruiser Vineta Now at the
Venezuelan Port.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Dec. 27, via Gal
veston. — The German cruiser Vineta
anchored off La Guayra to-day.
A.i interesting incident occurred early
in_T.he day. When the Venezuela health
officer v.ent alongside the Vineta at 6
o'clock in the morning he was not ai
lov.ed to board her.
Tho Venezuelan officers immediately in
terpreted the action of the German offi
cers lo mean that the cruiser had visited
La Guayra on warlike business in con
nection with the claims of German clti
zena. Sut at S o'clock a German officer
called on the authorities and explained
that ihe refusal to allow the health offi
cer to beard the Vineta was due to the
fact that he went alongside the cruiser
at :oo early an hour.
lEAKCE EXPECTS SETTLEMENT.
Believes That Venezuela Will Yield
to Her Demands.
FAHIS. Dec. 27.— The Foreign, Office
hero confirms tlie report from Port-of-
Spair., Trinidad, that the Government of
France has notified the Venezuelan Gov
ernment that the rights of M. Secrestat
cf Bordeaux have been infringed by the
seizure of the property in Venezuela, of
Sencr Manuel A. Matos, the leader cf the
new revolution against President Castro.
The French Government holds that the
property no longer belongs to Senor
Alatos, as he had leased it to M. Secre
stet. and that the Venezuelan Govern
ment is bouiid by the recognition cf M.
Eecrestat's title by the Venezuelan Con
sul nere, before whom the question came
tip.
Tlie ir rench Government rloes not expect
that any complications wfll arise on ac
cour.t cf its representations on the sub
ject, to Venezuela and is not considering
the adoption of measures to enforce the
claims of M. Secrestat, as it expects the
question, to be settled in a few days.
MOVEMENTS OF WARSHIPS.
North Atlantic Squadron Arrives at
Culebra Island.
WASHINGTON, Dec. £7.— The North !
Atlantic squadron, consisting of the bat- j
tleships Kearsarge, Massachusetts, and j
Alabama, with the collier Hannibal, has"j
r,rrived at Culebra Island, the newly se- j
leclcd naval station, east cf the Island 1
cf Pcrto Rico and very near to St. !
Thcrr.as. While this place is much nearer j
tho Venezuelan coast than Havana, ironxi
■which point the squadron has just arrived j
at <_'v!efcra .Island, it is said that the ;
r-Qua^rcn's business is not connected with
Venezuelan matters, but is to carry out
certain strategic movements framed by j
the general naval board. The harbor of •
Eaa Juan is not accessible to these war- !
chips -with their deep draught, and it is j
the purpose of the_ Navy Department to
develop the possibilities of Culebra Island !
as a naval base for which it is believed :
to be admirably situated.
SEA WRECKS HOMES UD CA11ERIES
Continued From Page One.
and broke her moorings. She drifted a
short distance up the river and dropped
her anchor. She escaped luckily and was
very little damaged. There are large
numbers of floating cases of salmon all
over the river and its mouth.
J. H. Kennedy of Vancouver made th«
trip In from Steveston to-day. The first
person he met at the Fraser River was
a man carrying his children to higher
ground: then the man went back and
brought out his wife on his" back and
through a couple of feet of water he car
ried her to high land. Kennedy says the
storm was the worst he ever saw "in the
province.
VESSELS MEET DISASTER,
Cue Schooner Is Ashore and at British
Bark Is Missing.
FORT TOWNSEND, Dec. 27.— Reports of
havoc of the storm down the straits are
bfeSsJEr brought in by boats and confirm
1 Zi<* first reports of disaster to shipping,
wilii the exception of the ship Packard,
-.hich, according to reports brought here
by the steamer North Pacific, is not
a&hare on Trial Island, but after dragging
Irom her anchorage in Royal Roads she
brought tip just outside of Brotchy Ledge,
i:car the entrance to Victoria harbor.
"While she is in a dangerous position, yet
rhe is not in imminent danger unless an
other storm should come up.
The schooner Minnie A. Oaine is high
and dry on the north side of Smith Island.
When she struck It was extreme high tide
and she struck on a sandy beach. The
crew is aboard and the ballast is being
dumped overboard. An <sffort will be
in&fie to float her to-morrow.
The British bark Bankburn Is reported
••13 missing. She was anchored in the
Roya! Road3 and her captain was ashore
Trhen. the storm came up and he was un
feblo to get aboard. During the night the
rhip broke from her anchorage and since
then nothing has been seen or heard of
It is thought that she was driven by
the storm Into some bay among the
izlands. where she found an anchorage.
BODY OF GIRL
IN THE RIVER
Fate of Missing Nellie
Cropsey Is at Last
Learned.
Coroner's Jury Is of Opinion
That She Was Victim of
Murder.
ELIZABETH CITY, N. C, Dec. 27.-Fiv e
weeks of mystery and speculation as to
the fate of Miss Nellie Cropsey termi
nated to-day at 10 o'clock, when the body
of the missing girl was found floating in
the river opposite her father's house.. The
body was discovered by J. D. Stillman,
a fisherman. Upon discovering that the
floating object was the body of a
young girl, he immediately notified the
Coroner. When found the body was
lioating face downward. AH the wear
ing apparel was intact with the exception
of the rubbers which Nellie wore on the
night cf her disappearance. With the ex
ception of some slight discoloration of
the face th/j body was in a state of good
preservation and little decomposed. The
body was easily identified as that of Nel
lie Cropsey. The spot where the body
was found had been dragged several
times since her disappearance but with
no result.
Great crowds assembled in front of the
Academy of Music building, where the
jury was in session, waiting for the ver
ulct of the jury as to whether the girl
met with foul play or committed suicide.
Anticipating that trouble may be brew
ing for younjy Wilcox, the Naval Reserve
have been ordered out to maintain order
j..nu peace and to see that no violence Is
oiiered Wilcox. By order of the Mayor
all the barrooms in the city have been
closed. Wilcox has been removed from
the Mayor,' s orfice, where he has been
since his arrest this afternoon, to the
County Jail for his own protection- and
fe strong guard has been placed around
the jail to see that no violence is offered
him.
Wilcox apparently maintains the same
indifferent air that has characterized his
actions all the way through this case.
The report made by the physicians, who
performed the autopsy on Miss Cropsey,
says:
"The garments showed no marks of vio
lence. Xhere were no external marks of
violence on the head, body or face. There
was a discoloration of a pinkish tinge on
the front of the head and face, with a
slight bluish discoloration on the back of
the neck. There were no marks- upon the
front of her neck, except as made by con
striction of her dress collar.
"The appearance of the stomach and
other abdominal organs was normal. The
luncs were collapsed and free from water.
The heart was normal.
"Upon the section of the scalp all
around the head one inch above the brow
there was found a dark discoloration of
the muscular substance.
"The bone beneath this " contusion was
discolored slightly blue. There -was no
other abnormality on any other part of
the scalp, which was completely dissected.
There was no fracture discovered at any
point of the .cranium. A thorough ex
amination of the brain showed no evi
dence of violence."
The verdict of the Coroner's jury, ren
dered late to-night, was as follows:
"We, the Coroner's .jury, having been
duly summoned and sworn by Dr. I. Fer
ing to inquire what caused the death of
Ella M. Cropsey. do hereby report that
from the investigation made by three phy
sicians of Elizabeth City and from their
opinion and also from our personal ob
servations, that said Ellen M. Cropsey
came to her death by being stricken a
blow on the left temple and by being
drowned in the Pasquotank River. We
have not yet investigated nor heard any
testimony touching as to who inflicted the
blow and did the drowning. We are in
formed that one James Wilcox is charged
v,"itli the same and is now in custody. AV"e
recommend that investigation as to his
or any one else's probable guilt be heard
by one or more magistrates in Elizabeth
City Township and that said Wilcox be
held to await said inve<~ nation."
CONFERENCE OF GOVERNORS
WILL BE HELD AT HELENA
Death, of Governor E-o^ers of "Wash
ington Will liot Interfere With
Original Programme.
ST. PAUL. Minn., Dec. 27.— The confer
ences of representatives of the North
■r.-estern States at Helena next Monday
will not be affected by the death of Gov
ernor Rogers of Washington. The State
was to have been, represented by its At
torney General, owing to the Governor's
illness, and the plans -were perfectd with
those conditions In view. The date chosen
has been agreed to by all concerned and
cannot readily be changed at this late
hour. Governor Van Sant said to-day
that the death of Governor Rogers was
a great and unexpected shock, but that
matters were so far along that the con
ference would be held as "announced. At
torney General W. B. Douglass will start
for Helena to-morrow.
THREE MEN SHOT DOWN
IN STREETS OF PASSAIC
Pistol Wielder Narrowly Escapes
Lynching at Hands of the
Citizens.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Steve Bedc-rick
shot three men in the streets of Passaic,
N. J., and when finally captureel he would
have been lynched had Jt not been for
the firm stand made by a local Justice of
the Peace and a tew citizens. Bederick
had quarreled with John Stondt and in a
rage shot him in the neck. Bederick tried
to run away but was followed by a
crowd into -which he fired, one ball strik
ing Antone Stull in the thigh and then
wounding a man named Lavelle In the
»rm. After all the chambers of Bederick's
revolver had been emptied his pursuers
closed in en him and overpowered him.
Before he could be rescued from. his cap
tors he was terribly beaten. Stull's
wound is dangerous.
BLOWS OUT HIS BBAINS
BATHER THAN BE AHEESTED
Liquor-Crazed Halfbreed Commits
Suicide After Seriously Wound
ing Two People.
MALTA, Mont., Dec. 27.— Tom Parento,
;• halfbreed, crazed with liquor and in
sanely jealous of a daughter of Mrs.
Fannie Anderson, another halfbreed, tried
to force an entrance into the Anderson
cabin but 1 was ordered away. : He re
turned with his rifle and began firing Into
the house, ono bullet striking Mrs. An
derson. A Constable and posse went in
pursuit of him. He had in the meantime
barricaded himself !n his cabin and was
well supplied with .ammunition and fired
en every one who approached. A man
named Derr.ery, one ot the attacking
party, was probably fatally wcunded.
Parento suddenly ceased tiring and tho
posse, breakingin the doer, found he had
blown the top of his head off. ;t- \-':
General Seamans Improves.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 27.— There
was a slight improvement In General
Seamans' cor-iition to-night and he seems
to be resting easy.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itchihs. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding IMIea.
No Cure, No Pay. AH druggists ara authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it falls to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how Ions standing. Cures ordinary
cases in six daj-s; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
is the only pile remedy sold en positive guar
antee, no cure no p-ay. A free sample will be
sent by mall to any one sending name and nd
drese. . Price, COc. If your -druggist don't keep
i; in stock send 50c in stamps and wo will for
ward full size box by inail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDIC1NK CO., St. Louis. Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Eromo-Quinir.e Tafclcts. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAiiL., SATUliDAY", DECiSMJBEJLt 28, 1901.
SENATOR SEWELL OF NEW JERSEY DIES
AFTER LONG SUFFERING FROM ILLNESS
Passes Away at His Home in Camden on Friday Morning
Surrounded by the Members of HisFamily, but Becomes
•Unconscious for Some Time Before the Final Summons
>^AMDEN, N. J., Dec. 27.— United
ff States Senator William J. Sewell
(I . . died at his home here at 9:30
• v^i^ o'clock this morning. He suffered
Crom diabetes, complicated with
stomach, and heart trouble. Senator
Sewell's- illness had extended over a
period of two- years, but his condition
was notj pons$dered" : serious until . about, a
year ago." -j3is : constant attention to the
duties devdjying upon' him • in his official
capacity respited in. 189a in a collapse. A
trip to EurcJXifiuKas^beneflcial and he Soon
recovered sumcierttly~,$o: resume his du
ties. \ .%',.'-'■'. '■ ""
Toward the end of' the. last session of
Congress he developed a complication, of
diseases, and acting on the advice of his
physicians again various health
resorts in Europe, {Upon his return, his
condition showing no : improvement, Sen
ator ' Sewell wefil to xAsheville,. N. C,
where he remained, two ;months.- . He re
turned to his home abdut.four weeks. ago
and for a few dkys A. r slight improvement
in his condition ttr&S, noted. Within the
past two weeJrtu&s succession of- sinking
spells greatly; -weakened ■•him- and- com
pelled his physicians to-abondon the hope
ot prolonging:' hia-'life.*' - : - - • .-,.. . '•; ' .'.-■• . .
"When deatn' x-airie; the .'Senator's family
gathered at his:; bedside;. He had been
unconscious for time'.bef ore . the end.
The funeral ofc'Benator Sewell will take
place on Tuesday-next, but- full arrange
ments will not be until to-mor
row.,The place 'of interment will probably
be in Coiestown Cemetery, seven miles
from here. The Senator will have a mili
tary funeral, and a, large detachment of
the National Guard of New Jersey will be
ordered out. Services will be held at noon
on Tuesday next at the Senator's late
residence, to be followed by services in
St. Paul's Protestant Episcopal Church,
of the vestry of which Senator Sewell was
a member.
Messages of condolence to the bereaved
family came from all parts of the coun
try. Among them was a telegram from
President Koosevelt, who had knpwn
Senator Sewell for years.
William Joyce Sewell was born in Ire
land in 1835, and came to this country at
an early age. He engaged in mercantile
pursuits" and at the outbreak of the Civil
War was commissioned as captain In the
Fifth New Jersey Volunteers. He served
during the war and was brevetted briga
dier general for distinguished services nt
Chancellorsville and - major general for
gallant services during the war. He was
wounded at Chancellorsville and Gettys
burg. After the war he became connected
with railroads in New Jersey. He was
elected State Senator ' in 1872 and held
numerous other offices. The Senator was
in command of the National Guard of
New Jersey. At the outbreak of the war
against Spain he was appointed major
general, but at the unanimous request of
the Republican members of the Senate
he did not taRe the field. He waff first
elected to the United States Senate hi
1S81 and was re-elected In 1895 and again
in 1931. His term Of service would have
expired on March 3, 1907.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— Committees
to-day were appointed on behalf of the
Senate and the House of Representatives
to attend the funeral of the late Senator
Sewell of New Jersey, the date of which
has not yet been named. * The commit
tee on behalf of the Senate consists of
Senators Kean, Hawley, Proctor, Bur
rows, Warren, Scott, Quarles, Bate,
Cockrell, Pettus. Harris. Hanna, Foster
of Louisiana, Platt of Nevr York, Platt
of Connecticut, Elkins, -:Cuilom, Hale,
Aldrich, Penrose and Turner. -The House
committee is composed of the members
RUIN RIDES WITH THE STORM
Continued From Page One.
fling, hot electric 'wind and smothering
sand. ' " . .' ■:■-•'-
Citizens Slightly Injured.
Several business houses sustained
broken plate glass windows and every
awning and sign in town were blown
away. Several persons sustained minor
injuries by being hit by flying debris. A
woman going against the wind on Fourth
street, pushing- a baby carriage, was
overcome by a sudden strong gust of wind
and knocked down. The carriage was
forced against a telegraph pole and de
molished." Fortunately the- child escaped
without injury and the woman was only
slightly bruised. *- •■■ ■■ '"■ ■
The telegraph and telephone companies
are badly crippled. The Western Union
Telegraph Company has only one uncer
tain wire and the telephone company i3
temporarily., put of business. The electric
light plant s wires are all down and the
city is almost'in total darkness. An elec
tric light '-wire' set a shade tree on fire in
the center ■of--the- residence- part of the
city at 8rO'clock to-night and- but for the
prompt,. work, of the. electric light com
pany in,,shuUhig^.t,he current off and of
the fire department's quick response a
serious conflagration would have no doubt
resultedp.'ciit::.:: ;: i~\:z'.:
"Tiee Smashes a Roof.
The residence .of iTohh 'Gerken was badly
damaged,by,,,a I ,,large7tree falling on the
roof, and..Er.ankJ3aund£.r3' house. In the
suburbs.o£.,tMe. city,.' was destroyed by fire
by the ■wlrfd. blowing, sparks from the
chimney, entailing a loss of $1000, with no
insurance.' V"l~l.'""*lr.,l"r:" :;..;. .. ..
The raUnpacls.&LStf' -felt: the effects of., the
heavy blp,\yv; All trains, were delayed and
the train to .Kfye'rside was abandoned on
account ' of '. reports 'of. the. . heavy . wind
having, 'pUed';sand , on. the* track in that
vicinity. The Southern Pacific morning
train to this city from Los Angeles had a
close call- from being wrecked a few miles
east of; this city. . Several trees had been
blown &cr oss the track, but fortunately
the engineer discovered . the obstruction
and succeeded in stopping his train just in
time to avert what might might have been
a serious accident. It is also reported
that a Santa Fe train came near running
into a bank of sand that had drifted upon
the track south of here.
Fruit on tho Ground.
The orange crop, which is about ready
to be picked, has been blown from the
trees and scattered in all directions.
Orange growers who were glad to observe
the first. signs of the wind which would
keep away the frost, now say they would
rather have taken chances with a heavy
frost. ■ Whole orchards are devastated and
many valuable trees have been blown
down. -. . , . . . ,.
What the extent of the damage to fruit
will be orchardists in this vicinity can
make no estimate. It will depend upon
how much of ihe fruit can be picked off
the ground. A conservative orange grow
er here J5ays the storm will probably
cause a loss of $10,000. in oranges alone.
Lemons also have been blown from the
trees, though noV damaged comparatively
to the extent of the brange crop.
Although this storm is still unabated, so
far it will be the severest blow orange
/rrowcrc have sustained in many years.
In this vicinity the damage to property
will exceed $3000. .
Reports received by telegraph from
"Pomona say the storm was most severe
there, the velocity of the wind reaching
ninety miles an hour at one time. .The
orange trees were knocked down and the
fruit blown away, all wires are down and
the electric light system was put out of
business.- It is ■ expected here that the
wind will 'continue for another twenty
four hours and then be followed by heavy
rains. ' Y.\ ' ■• ' "r' : /.-'
SAN BERNARDINO DAMAGED.
Heavy Hoof s Are Lifted Prom Sev
eral of- the Buildings^
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 27.— San Ber
nardino-was-visited to-day by the worst
wind and sand storm ever known in the
history of the city. Trains have been de
layed, buildings . wrecked and so " fierce
has the, wind blown that it has been prac
tically impossible to face it. Great bodies
.if eand have been hurled through the air
at a.?pcc-d'of;not less" than tifty miles an
of the New Jersey delegation, Loudens
lager, Gardner, Howell, Salmon, Stewart,
Parker, McDermott and Fowler.
hour and the storm has resembled a cy
clone in its velocity.
The Southern Pacific train that left
here for the city at 7:40 o'clock this rrorn
in# has not yet arrived there. It is
stalled at Bloomington, about tifteen
miles from this city and before it and be
hind it the track is covered with from
two to four inches of sand.
The Southern Pacific overland from the
East has been sidetracked at Colton,
three miles from here and it will not at
tempt to reach Los Angeles until the
storm abates.
"William Mees' carriage shop has been
wrecked by the wind. It was a large
frame building and parts of it have been
scattered for hundreds of, feet around.
The corrugated iron . roof of Edward
Katz's warehouse was torn to pieces and
fragments of the roof were carried for
over a hundred feet. A restaurant build
ing has been blown down and Is lying on
its side with all the fixtures and dishes
broken. No one was injured.
The telephone wire3 all over the city are
down and the wires are so scattered that
it is dangerous to go on the streets. As
yet the telegraph wires are in good con
dition, but the local operator has been
notified that the wires may be out of or
der at any time. Many small buildings
in various parts of the city and In out
lying: districts have been blown down,
while trees have been whipped to pieces.
Thousands of dollars' worth of oranges
have been blown off the trees. It is im
possible at. the present time to estimate
the amount of damage done by the
storm, but it will undoubtedly be very
heavy.
LIVELY AT RIVERSIDE:
Wind Puts an End to. Work in the
Town.
RIVERSIDE, Dec. 27.-This section was
visited to-day by the most severe wind
storm experienced in years. The wind be
gan blowing early in the day and con
tinued blowing- until late in the evening,
clouds of dust and sand partially obscur
ing the sky at times and making it very
uncomfortable to venture out of doors and
impossible to do any work. Some dam
age to shade trees resulted, many being
blown down. Orange groves were *badly
shaken, much of the fruit being blown
from the trees. The extent of the loss is
not known at present, but it is not likely
lo be very great.
The city was without communication
with the outside world by rail most of the
day, as trains were unable to get through
the sand banks in the vicinity of Cuca
monga. The weather this evening Is still
disagreeable, with a north wind blowing,
.though not so strong as during .the day.
Orange growers say that the damage to
fruit from pricking will increase the cull
"percentage, but how much cannot be stat
ed until an investigation is made.
AGENT OF THE 30ERS
\ TO VISIT ROOSEVELT
Wcssels Will Come to America in
. January With, a Letter, 'for
the President.
AMSTERDAM, Dec. 27.— As a result of
conferences between a clergyman. Rev.
Mr. Broekhuysen, and the Boer leaders
here, it has been decidedto send C. M.
Wessels to the United States In. January,
bearing a letter from Mr. Kruger to
Presideht Roosevelt.
LONDON, Dec. 27.— Details received
here to-day from South Africa of the
ambuscading near Vereeniging, Orange
River Colony, on December 21, of 200
mounted infantry by 30Q Boers and forty
armed natives, led by Commandant Brltz,
show the British losses to have been ten
men killed and . litte&n wounded. The
losses of the Beers are not known. ' ■
MEMPHIS. Dec. ' 27. — The directors of j th«
Memphis Cotton Exchange, acting in (concert
with the Norfolk and Portsmouth Cotton Ex
changes of Norfolk. Va., have passed resolu
tions asking the Tennessee Representatives In
Congress ,. to use their best efforts to secure
from Congress a vote of thanks, to Rear Ad
miral Schley and 1 to make his retiring grade
that o" vice admiral.
Stops the Cough
Ana work!" off H»b <*>ld. Laxative I'.romo
Quinine Tablet.* rur* a cold In one day. No
L'ure. No Pay. Price 25 cents. ;..; • .
NEW JERSEY WARRIOR AND
STATESMAN WHO HAS AN
SWERED THE LAST SUMMONS.
FALL IN BATTLE
ON SAMAR ISLE
Ohaffee Cables Names of
Soldiers Slain at
Dapado.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. $7.— The "War De
partment has received a cablegram from
General Chaffee at Manila giving an ac
count of the engagement near Dapado,
Samar, In which Company E, Ninth In
fantry, lost seven men killed and a num
ber wounded. The cablegram is as fol
lows: 1 /
General H. Smith reports the following::
During a scout near Dapado, Samar, December
24, Captain Francis H. Schoeffel. with a. de
tachment of eighteen men of Company E, Ninth
Infantry, was attacked by a large force of bo
lomen springing from thickets. A severe hand
to-hand fight ensued.- The following casualties
occurred :
Killed— Sergeant John P. Swisher. Corporal
James Gaughan, Privates John Maron, FranK
McAndrew, Joseph A. Weippert, George Bed
ford.
Wounded — Captain Francis H. Schoffel,
slightly; Corporal John Russell, slightly; Pri
vates Daniel L. McPherson and George Clax
ton, severely; Arthur Bonnlcastle. slightly.
One other killed; one wounded. Names later.
No property was lost. The enemy driven
from the field and lost severely. Lang's de
tachment of Philippine scouts arrived soon aft
erward and assisted in caring for the wounded
and removing- the dead.
The War Department Is advised .of the
arrival of the transport Rosecrans at
Manila on December 22.
OXNARD SUGGESTS A WAY '
TO SETTLE SUGAR PROBLEM
He Believes That the Government
Should Pay a Bounty to
Cuban Planters.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— Henry T. Ox
nard, the head of the beet sugar trust,
has presented another suggestion for the
settlement of the Cuban sugar problem.
dbtnard wants a commission created to
investigate the condition of the Cuban
sugar interests, with a view to paying a
bounty to; Cuban planters on the sugar
they produce. Oxnard thinks this would
satisfy the Cuban sugar planters and
save the necessity for granting any tariff
concessions to Cuba in the way of recip
rocal trade relations. On the Cuban
sugar crop this year Oxnard would give
a bounty that would take $7,000,000 from
the United States treasury to be given to
foreign producers, with no benefit to any
one in this country except two sugar
trusts that are waging war against each
other, but trying to keep up the price of
sugar to consumers.
SUPERINTENDENT OF MINE
THE VICTIM OF FOUL PLAY
His Horribly ' Mangled Body Is
Found at the Bottom of a Deep
Shaft. ,
CRIPPLE. CREEK,' Colo., Dec. 27.-
Martln Gleason, 50 years of age, superin
tendent of the Wild Horse and Deadwood
mines, was found dead to-day at the bot
tom of the Kalamazoo shaft, 500 feet be
low the surface of the ground. The body
was horribly mangled. The ground
around the mouth of f the shaft bore
merits of a struggle, and it is evident
that Gleason was. murdered, although no
motive for the . crime is known. Gleason
disappeared yesterday. The Woods In
vestment Company, which owns a con
trolling Interest In the mines- of which
Gleason was superintendent, has offered
$5000 reward for the capture of the mur
derer. . ...
KING EDWARD RECEIVES ' .
JAPANESE MARQUIS ITO
Their Interview May Have Some
Bearing Upon Affairs in the
.Orient..-';^"-:;
LONDON, Dec. 27.— King Edward re
ceived Marquis Ito in audience at Marl
borough House to-day. The Foreign Sec
retary Lord Lansdowne, Introduced the
Japanese statesman to the King. ' The
Marquis, and his suite, all wearing cdurt
;lress, were driven to Marlborough House
in royal carriages/King Edward wore a
Held marshal's uniform.
Marquis' Ito said ■ after the aud'ence
that tho object of his visit to London was
strictly non-political, but in view of the
belief here that .the 'Marquis will return
to. office, some importance is attached to
his interviews with King Edward and
Lord Lansdowne.
JAPANESE POST
IS NOT VACANT
No Jrnmed r-to* Change
o; Ministers Is
Story of General Barnes' Ap
pointment Proves to Be
n Premature.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. T)ec. 27.— Regarding the
report that President "Roosevelt had se
lected General W. H. L. Barnes of San
Francisco as successor to Hon. E. A.
Buck, Minister to Japan, It is declared
upon .excellent authority here that no
change in that office is at present con~
templated.^ It is understood at the State
Department that Minister Buck has not
intimated his desire to be relieved, and,
as his record as diplomatic officer is
wholly satisfactory to the department and
to the administration it is not the pur
pose to disturb him In his present place.
This is said to be the substance of In
formation imparted by Secretary Hay to
Senator Perkins, who has recently made
inquiries at the department relative to a
possible change in the Japanese mission,
having specially in view the chances for
the appointment of General Barnes in
case Mr. Buck were to retire. The name
of General Barnes, in that event, would
be presented to the consideration of the
President, but the opportunity for filling
such a desirable mission would bring to
the President many strongly backed ap
plications for the place from various quar
ters.
Minister Buck, who was a member of
the Republican National Committee from
Georgia at the time of his appointment to
Japan by President McKinley, has served
at his • present post since 1S97. In well
informed circles here it is believed he may
continue at Toklo indefinitely.
General Barnes was seen at the Cali
fornia Hotel last evening and said that
he had read the article in an evening
paper announcing his - appointment as
Minister to Japan. •
"It proved very pleasant reading," he
said, "but I must say I can neither af
firm nor deny the story. I have not re
ceived word of any kind from Washing
ton regarding the appointment. If it were
tendered me I would surely accept it. I
have seen dispatches from "Washington
stating that my name was mentioned. I
have a slight acquaintance with President
Roosevelt and am vary friendly with Sec
retary Hay. When the late President was
visiting: this city he practically assured
me that I would be considered when the
office was vacant. I would like to enter
the diplomatic service, and were I ap
pointed I would esteem it a great honor."
Friends of State Senator Chester Rowell
of Fresno are making an active fight to
procure for him the Japanese mission.
Rowell has the backing of United States
Senator Bard.
BATTLESHIP lOSSOtTBI
TO BE LAUNCHED TO-DAY
Members of the President's Cabinet
Leave to Witiness the
Event.
• WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.-Members ot
the President's Cabinet, with their fami
lies and several bureau chiefs of the Navy
Department, guests of the Newport News
Shipbuilding and Dry Dock Company, left
here for Newport News, Va., at 10 o'clock
thia evening by special train, to attend
the launching of the battleship Missouri
at 11 o'clock to-morrow morning. A large
number of Senators, members of the
House and others. Including: Senator
Francis M. Cockrell of Missouri and his
daughter. Miss Marion Cockrell, who Is to
act as sponsor at the launching, sailed for
Newport News, to-night and will arrive
there early in the morning.
The Missouri Is a. sister ship of the Ohio
and the Maine. Her contract price was
$2,885,000. Her keel was laid on February
7. 1900, and on the latest construction re
port she is set down as 51 per cent com
pleted. The Missouri's contract speed is
eighteen knots an hour, so that she -will
,rank next to the battleships of the
Georgia class In speed. Her complement
will be forty officers and 511 men.
COAL TRAIN" RUNS AWAY
ON A HEAVY DOWN/ GRADE
Jumps the Track While Passing a
Switch and Four Railroad Hen
Are Killed.
SCRANTON, Pa.,' Dec. 27.-An Ontario
and "Western Railroad coal train ran
away on the heavy downgrade on the
Scranton division, east of Polntelle, near
Preston Park. In passing- a switch it
jumped the track, plunging down a hill
for nearly 100 feet. The engine and forty
loaded gondola cars were piled in a mass.
Four men were killed, as follows:
ENGINEER WHITING of Mayfleld
Yard.
FIREMAN CHARLES MILLARD of
Carbondale.
TWO TRAINMEN, whose names are
not yet known.
Conductor Smith escaDed death, but is
Ladly Injured. The track was covered
with sleet and snow and the air brakes
refused to work going down the moun
tain. The train passed Wlnwood at the
rate of eighty miles an hour.
CHARGES HER HUSBAND
WITH BEING AN ANARCHIST
Says He Told Her He Would Feel
Honored to Follow in Footsteps
of Czolgosz.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Budolph Gross
man, editor of the Austro-Hungarian
Gazette, was arrested to-day charged
with assaulting his wife with-- a knife.
Mrs. Grossman declared her husband to
be an anarchist and said that he re
peatedly told her he would consider him
j*lf highly honored if he could but do to
President Roosevelt what Czolgosz did to
President McKinley. She alleged that
her husband on December 9 last ad
dressed a meeting of ar.archists in this
city, where he was introduced by Emma
Goldman.
Later Grossman was arraigned in Po
lice Court and discharged upon promising
to support his wife.
Theory of Murder Dismissed.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 27.— Further tes
timony was taken to-day before the Coro
ner's jury summoned to inquire into the
death of Louis Ducroux, the clairi digger,
who was found dead in his boat near Mill
brae on the 13th of this month. The the
ory that tho young man* was murdered
has been abandoned by Coroner Crowe
and Sheriff Mansfield. The latter testi
fied to-day. that he had made a thorough
investigation and believes the death was
accidental.
General Alger Is Slowly Improving.
DETROIT, Mich., Dec. 27.— General Al
ger's condition to-night is favorable for a
complete recovery. No change Is visU
ble except that he continues to improve
slowly.
IV hat are Humors?
The»~ are v-tr:->cl or rr.orhid fv.iids cours-
ing ■ tho _velu:! ';iiitf affecting : the tissuea.
They are common!.? due to defective diges-
tion but arc sonattimo.3 inherited.
How do they manifest themselves ?
In many forms of cutaneous eruption,
salt rheum or eczema, pimples and boils,
and in -wealirtesn. languor, general debility.
How arc they expelled ? E7
Hood's Sarsaparllla
which also fculldn up the sj&teni that has
suGercd from them.
It 13 too best xaodlcino :or rll huincr3.
NINE VESSELS
MAY BE LOST
Fears Entertained for
Ships Missing From
Olallam.
All Were Seen Before Storm
and They Then Dis
appeared. \
SEATTLE, Dec. 27.— The grimmest story
of marine disaster in all the history of
the hungry North Pacific is expeeted by
local marine men from Clallam. Bay to
morrow. The fate of nine vessels, caught
by the Christmas storm in that body of
water which lies like a trap right in the^.
path of southwest gales, is not knowi*.
Old mariners fear that one or all may lie
lost. Sound tugs went on the lookout for
these craft to-day. Some of these tugs
are expected in port to-morrow.
These vessels are: American ship Wil
liam H. Alacy, American ship Bangalore,
British ship Oweenee, British ship Iverna,
American baxkentine Katy Flickinger.
American bark Carleton and three Ameri
can schooners, names unknown.
All were seen at anchor in Clallam Bay
Christmas day. None of them were known
to have left before the closing of night
en the waters. Any . of their number
caught in the bay .during the storm could
not have escaped — this i3 the opinion o£
marine men. "
Clallam Bay, with the rocks of Van
couver Island before it and to its rear
the canyons of the Olympics so lying that
they carry the blasts of a southwest wind
direct UDon its exposed surface, has Ions
been regarded with fear by mariners dur
ing such a storm as that of Christmas
day.
So placed are the mountain passes to
the south and the west that they draw
down a southwest gale upon this spot.
They concentrate its blasts upon the few
square miles of water. Fo*te vessel to
let go anchor to such a wind is to run the
risk of fetching up on the rocks of Yf" 1 "
couver Island across the straits. That
shore offers no harbor. The lack of sea
way precludes the possibility of beating
out Into the open ocean. No report or any
of this hapless fleet has come to this port.
Remarkable Escape From Death.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— John Kelly, work.*
Ing en a church stepele, 150 feet above"
the street, had what is considered a re
markable escape from death hera to-day.
He slipped from the top of the ateeple
and fell sixty-five feet, where tho edgo
of the roof Interfered with his fall In
such a manner that his hands were
thrown against a small projection.
Though almost unconscious he duns' to
this hold for three minutes until fellow
workmen rescued him. H© was seriously
Injured internally, but It Is believed he
will recover.
IT IS IMPORTANT
To Zno-w What You Are Taking
When Using: Catarrh Medicine.
Catarrh is the short rout* to consump-
tion, and the importance of early and ju-
diclous treatment of catarrh, whether lo-
cated In the head, throat or bronchial
'• tubes, cannot be too strongly emphasized.
1 The list of catarrh cures Is as Ions as
the moral law and the forms In -which
they are administered numerous and con-
fusing, from sprays, Inhalers, washes,
ointments and salves to powders, liquids K
and tablets.
The tablet form Is undoubtedly tho most
convenient and the most effective, but
with nearly all advertised catarrh reme-
dies it is almost entirely a matter o£
guesswork as to what you are taking into
your system, as the proprietors, -while
making all sorts of claims as to what
their medicines will do, always keep It a
close secret as to what they are.
The success and popularity of the new
catarrh cure,. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, is
largely because it not only cures catarrh
but because catarrh sufferers who use these-
tablets know what they are taking into
their systems. Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
are composed of Red Gum, Blood Root
and similar valuable and antiseptic Ingre-
dients, and are pleasant to the taste and
being dissolved in the mouth they take
Immediate effect upon the mucous lining
of the throat, nasal passages and whola
respiratory tract.
The cures that Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
have accomplished in old chronic cases of
catarrh are Uttle short of remarkable, and
the advantage of knowing what you are
putting into your stomach is of para-
mount importance when it is remembered
that the cocaine or morphine habit has
been frequently contracted as the result
of using- secret catarrh remedies.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets meet with cor-
dial approval from physicians, becauso
their antiseptic character render them
perfectly safe for the general public to uso
and their composition makes them a com-
mon sense cure for all forms ot catarrhal
troubles.
AH druggists sell them at 50 cts. for full
sized packages.
For Best Cloth at Moderate Prices
GOTO
JOEPOHEIMJHETilLOR
100 Different Styles All Wool
JCL Suits to Order,
TT $15,50_and $17.50
1 50 Designs forDressy
/ yS \ Suits to Order,
I J \ $25.00 and $30.00
I T "I V s Overcoats,
n yV. * 20 ' 00 and ' 25#0 °
9 fl§l Pants to Order,
J IW $4.50 to $10.00
I I V3i " 01-203 Montgomery St.
f I ffll 1 1 10-1 1 ix Market Street,
I / lli K.V « SeN F^ ANCISca
WjJjOj/wl^W- i 143 S. Spring Street, /
&r * LOS flNGZLES- T j
-■ ■■.'■ ■"">' i ' ~! * .
SOaOBHHEA AHD UBISABY % DISCHABOM
A CURE IN 4S HOURS.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A OKEAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOKifT
tor nn4 Nervine.
Tb* most wonderful aphrodlglac and Special
Tonlo for th«* Sexual Orsan*. for both »«xes.
Th» Mexican K«n»dy for Diseases ot th« Kld-»
neys and Pladflor. Seltn on Its own merits.
NABI3R. ALF9.& BRUNE, Aseata.
S23 Market »t.. S. if.— (Senii for Circular*)LONG MAY GIVE
WAY TO ALLEN
Early Change in Chief o:
Navy Department Is
Expected.
Former Assistant Secretary
Slated for a Cabinet
Position.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 27.— Sec-
Tljtanr Long, not Secretary Wilson, will
be tne next man to leave the Cabinet,
and Charles H. Allen of Massachusetts Is
among the strong possibilities of succes
sion.
Mr. Allen was assistant Secretary of
the navy during the Spanish -war, being
the immediate successor of Mr. Roosevelt.
3iis administration of the office during
that important period was said to be in
every respect admirable. He was regard
ed as a model official and his record was
so good that he was advanced to the im
portant post of Governor of Porto Rico.
Indeed. Mr. Allen was induced to take the
assistant Secretaryship by President Mc
ivinley on the understanding that he
should become Secretary of the Navy
•whien Mr. I_/ong desired to retire, and
after the war there was considerable talk
that the Secretary would resign and re
turn to his law practice in Boston. He
decided to remain, however, and Mr. Al
len was given the post in Porto Rico.
A New England Senator who is in the
Cabinet-making conrider.ee of the Presi
dent as much as it is possible for any one
to be said to-day that Secretary Long's
successor would certainly come from New
England. In that case Mr. Allen of Low
ell. Mass., is altogether the strongest
probability. He is young:, full of energy
and quite a man of the R.ocsevelt type.
No time has yet been tixed for Secre
tary Long's retirement. He has a perfect
understanding in the matter, with the
President and their relations are most
cordial. His resignation, when it comes,
will be the result of a determination made
long ago and thoroughly understood by
Mr. Roosevelt. It only remained for him
fix a time convenient to both.
Secretary WUson, is in the Cabinet cer
tainly for some time to come. The report
from Kansas that he is soon to be suc
ceeded by F. D. Coburn can be dismissed
£t once. It- was discussed at the Cabinet
meeting to-day and shortly afterward an
official announcement was again made
that Mr. Wilson was not to resign. In
fact, in the process of gradual disintegra
tion which is sure to eorne. it is quite like
ly that the President's official family will
lose either Secretary Hitchcock or Secre
tary Haj- before Mt Wilson.
HOPES TO SOON EFFECT
SEUEASE OF 3ffiISS STONE
Treasurer of the Missionary Society
in Constantinople Is in Communi
cation. With the Brigands.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 27.—Dis
patches from Salonica report that XV. W.
JPeet, treasurer of the Missionary Society
in Constantinople, has established com
munication with the brigands who hold
Miss Stone captive, and hopes that the
release of Miss Stone will be accomplished
within a. fortnight.
LONDON, Dec. 2S.— The Morning Leader
publishes a story this morning from its
Sofia correspondent to the ffect that C. M.
Dickinson, American Consul General at
Constantinople, has received a complaint ,
from a Bulgarian woman attached to the
American mission at Samakov, Bulgaria,
in which the complainant sets forth that
while she was traveling to Mehonia in
Macedonia, with an escort of eight sol
diers provided by the Turkish tJovern
ment, she was assaulted by a lieutenant
in command of the Turkish frontier
guards at a point beyond Dschumaya and I
that her escort did not attempt to defend j
TEIiS STOBY OF MURDER
TO POLICE OF HELENA
2-Iary Hanson Accuses Her Paramour
of Browning' Her Husband
Eight Years Ago.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 27.— The Helena
police are investigating a story told by
>Irs. Mary Hanson which involves the al
leged murder of her husband at Belvidere,
III., eight years ago, by Charles Buell.
The woman and Buell came to this city
a few weeks ago from Iowa, making the
trip overland in a buggy. To-day the
woman had Buell arrested for ill treat
ment and to the County Attorney stated
That while living with her husband at
Belvidere, I1L, Buell and Hanson went out
'hunting together. Hanson never returned.
According to the woman's story her hus
barid way drowned by Buell. Mrs. Han
son joined the Salvation Army a few days
.•jo, and upon the advice of the captain of
the army, it Is said, confessed the story
to the County Attorney.
Nordati's Advice to the Jews.
BASLE, Switzerland, Dec, 27.— Max Nor
fiau, the author and physician, . delivered
a brilliant speech to-day before the Zion
ist Congress which -was opened here yes
terday. S£ Nordau spoke on the physical
and intellectual a.mellcration of the Jews,
and advised them to cease emigrating
from Eastern .Europe to the sweating
'i*;ns of London and New York. He said
I hat those already, there should organize
themselves into co-operative bodies for
ihf-Sr mutual benefit and he deprecates the
Fylkcm of early marriages among this
race.
ADVESTISEMENTS.
WHEN UFE'S AT STAKE
The most timid man vrill take any
chance of escape. The slender rope
dropped down the precipice, the slip-
pery log over the abyss, 'anything that
offers a chance of life, is eagerly snatch-
ed at. The end the man seeks is safety.
He cares nothing 1
for the means to 1
that end. .*S
There are thou- //
sa:ids of men and j^^. 0%?
■women whose £h£k jF%53f\
lives are at Eteke «^^j£g|rf=\
who are hindered
from accepting j^v^CvwS&r
the one means of f^fe^rvgfi V
Safety by foolish m /// /
prejudice. -^ lUj
Doctor Pierce's feg ±Z&&, I
Golden Medical m&^^ttljf
Discovery has $■?&£
been the means of ggsgj; ~7Rflt /
restoring health fljti //
to many men and fyfv/if' fc I
women whose hoi- / Ji.lmkSf I
tow cough, bleed- \///W/r\ , I
ing lungs, ema- W£ f// / 1
ciation and weak- /#¥/ If// I \
ness, seemed to *-^» . ''' fl-sH
warrant 'the state-
ment of local phy- 1 '/iik J^
sicians— "There is lW'w I
no cure possible." W * I
Why should prejudice against a. put-up
medicine hinder yon from trying what
has cured thousands of suffering men
and women? • ■'■' '■■•"'
"Onlv for Dr. riereCs Golden Medical D»-
covery I think I would be in tny grave to-dav."
Wvomicg. "I bad astiuna eo bad I could not
sleep at ni^ht aad wes compelled to gi« ot
wor£. It aSected my lungs so that I cotgbe*
ell the time, both day and night. My fneadi
ell thought I had consumption. Mr mfe had
*£ken Dr. Pi«x*'s Favorite Pr«»cnptioa and it
Kdhelped her «o much she inswtea on mv try-
inV hii Medical Discovery '— which I
did. X ta£ taken four bottles and am now a
~ell man, weighing 18^ ponnda. thank* to Dr.
Pierce'* Golden Medical Diacovery." *
The sole motive for substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little more
profit j»id by the «ale ofless mentonous
medicines. He gains; you lose.
RELATIVES BURY
WRONG CORPSE
Man Thought to Be Dead
• Writes to His Father
From This City.
After His Disappearance Fam
ily Claimed a Drowned
Body.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— There was bur
ied in Cypress Hills Cemetery last March
a body believed to be that of Frank Hol
burn, tv ho, four months before, had dJs
appeared from his home at 143 Ainslle
rtreet, "Williamsburg 1 , where he lived with
his wife and two sons. He had .been out
of employment and on the day he was last
seen by his family and his father, Henry
liolburn, he vowed he would find work
If he had to tramp all over the world.
The body supposed to be that of Hol
burn was found in the Hackensack
River, and although the features were
unrecognizable, his family found inarks
which made tnem certain it was his.
To-day the missing man's father re
ceived a letter purporting to be from his
ton, postmarked San Francisco. Holburn
made no reference to his silence, but ex
plained that he had nearly circled the
globe since leaving Brooklyn. He in
quired about his wife and children, and
fcaid he was going to settle In San Jose,
California, when he would send after his
family.
ITRE STILL BURNS
IN THE SHINANO'S HOLD
Japanese Vessel Arrives at Seattle
and Blaze May Soon Be Ex
tinguished.
SEATTLE, Dec. 27.— The steamship Shi
nano of the Nippon Yusen Kaisha ar
rived here this morning, the - fire which
forced her to return from sea still smol
ering, perhaps blazing, in her hold. Late
last night the Shinano left Port Town
send, where she had arrived early in the
morning, and came on up the Sound. She
anchored off the Smith Cove docks at 4
a. m.
The fire, which is confined to the for
ward part of the ship's hold, is being kept
•well under control. It is believed to have
originated through spontaneous combus
tion of cotton, which composes the great
er part of the Shinano's cargo. It was
discovered December 22, at 11:30 a. m., in
latitude 51 degrees 15 minutes and longi
tude 149 degrees 15 minutes west, 1025 miles
off Cape Flattery. A strong westerly wind
was blowing and the seas were running
high. Tne first intimation came in smoke
emitted from the forecastle. Fourteen of
the crew were overcome, though all re
vived -when removed to fresh air. The
passengers of the vessel acted with the
utmost composure. There was no excite
ment, and, under the direction of Cap
tain Cope, the hatches were .battened
down and steam turned into the hold to
smother the fire. The vessel at once put
back for the straits. She made the re
turn voyage under her own steam. At
least that portion of the cargo in the im
mediate vicinity of the fire will have to be
discharged, and until this Is done the ex
tent of the damage cannot be ascertained.
AMERICAN FRIENDS PRAISE
MESSAGE OF SOOSEVELT
Approve President's Expressions I>e
claring for a World-wide
Peace.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 27.— The com
mittees appointed by •'the American
Friends Peace Conference to prepare a
message for President Roosevelt to-day
mailed a copy of the address to the White
House. Following is an excerpt from the
address:
We have observed with encouragement and
satisfaction the passage in the message to
Congress in which the declarations are made
that the '"true end of every great and free
people should be self-respecting peace"; that
"this nation most earnestly desires sincere and
cordial friendship with all others," and "that
more and more the civilized peoples are realiz
ing the wicked folly of war, and are attaining
that condition of Just and intelligent regard
for the rights of others which will in the end
make world-wide peace possible."
We earnestly desire that these sentiments, so
true and timely, may grow and prevail, and
that during thy administration the public
opinion in behalf of rational methods for set
tling international differences may be fostered,
and all possible steps be taken to make such
methods practical and effective.
MISSING BANK CASHIEB
HAS STOCK IN NEW YORK
Supreme Court Issues an Attachment
Against Property of Fugitive
From "Los Angeles.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Justice Leven
tritt of the Supreme Court to-day granted
an attachment for $90,000 against Henry
J. Fleishmann ,in favor of the Farmers'
and Merchants' Bank of Los Angeles,
Cal. Klelshmann, it is alleged, while
cashier of the bank, converted to his own
use funds of the bank, and is now a fugi
tive from justice. Deputy Sheriff Roberts
served a copy of the attachment on F. B.
Cochran, a downtown stock broker, at
whose office Fleishmann is said to have
an account.
TELEGRAPH NEWS
HALIFAX. N. S., Dec. 27.— Halifax is In
the grip «of a blizzard to-night. Reports re
ceived from points In Nova Scotia state that
the ttorni Is general along the coast.
ST. JOSEPH. Mich., Dec. 27.— The peach
crop of Southwestern Michigan, except in the
St. Joseph. Lake Shore and Fair Play dis
tricts, has been ruined by the cold wave.
GREENVILLE. Pa., Dec. 27.— Six hundred
employes of the Pittsburg, Bessemer and Lake
Erie Railroad hav* been notified of an in
crease of 10 per cent in wages, commencing
January 1.
PIERRE. S. D., Dec. 27. — Insurance Com
missioner Shoeber has issued an order can
ceime the certificate of authority to do busi
ness in South Dakota of the National Aid As
sociation of ToDeka, Kans.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27. — Frank H. Peavey. the
Minneapolis grain man, who Js ill of pneumo
nia here, was reported by his physician to-day
as beinc in a serious condition. The doctor
said the crisis would ba reached on Sunday or
Monday.
TRENTON. N. J., Dec. 27.— Robert Henson,
colored, was haneed to-day in the ! Hercer
County Jail for the murder of Mrs. Ma. \ Van
Lieu, colored, and her child. Hensen set fire
to a house and Mrs. Van Lieu and the child
were burned to death.
NORFOLK, Va,, Dec. 27.— A message was
received from Beaufort, S. C, to-day saying
that the Edison party is alive and well. Their
yacht, the Ounaniche, which left here recently
for Florida, via the Dismal SwamD. was re-
ported wrecked last night near Beaufort.
SHARPSVILLE, Pa.. Dec. 27.— An explo
sion at the old Sharpsville furnace about 7
o'clock this morning wrecked the furnace plant
and killed three men and probably fatally in
jured another. The dead: Martin Clary, How
ard Dickson. James Bartlett.
CHRISTIANIA, Dec. 27. — The violence of the
snow storms which have prevailed durinff the
last week is almost unprecedented. A number
of railway trains are stalled in the snow in
the coutheastern districts of Norway and most
of the telegraph wires are down.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec\ 27.— The directors of
the Pennsylvania Company, which includes
the Pennsylvania railroad lines west of Pitts
burg, at a meetine here to-day elected E. B.
Taylor, general superintendent of transporta
tion, to the office of fourth vice president.
BUFFALO, N\ Y.. Dec. 27.— Three children
of Jacques Mondry were burned to death early
to-day in a lire that destroyed a two-story
frame building on Lombard street. They were
ag<ed 10, 7 and 3. The mother and a baby two
days old were carried from the building on '«t
mattre£«.
NEW TORK, Dec. 27. — Edwin Qlennon, the
former wardman of the West Thirtieth Street
Police Station, was to-day sentenced to six
months* imprisonment in the penitentiary by
Recorder Gofr. Glennon was jfound guilty of
willful negligence in failing to'euppress a dis
orderly house. xj-\ -,-• . ■
GUTHRIE. O. T.. Dec. 27.— Rollie Parks, an
escaped convict from the Arkansas Peniten
tiary, was arrested to-day in South McAlester,
I. T., and will be returned to prison at Little
Hock. He was convicted on a charge of as
sault and attempt to kill and hal. served only
tii months of his sentence when ho escaped.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBE B 2 8, ,190 1.'
CIVIL MARRIAGE OF SENATOR DEPEW
AND MISS PALMER OCCURS IN NICE
Wedding Takes Place in the American Consulate and the
Nuptial Knot Will Be Tightened To-Day by Religious
Ceremonies at Notre Dame and in the Episcopal :Church
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— The World
has the following from Nice: Sen
ator Chauncey M. Depew and
Miss May Palmer were married at
the United States Consulate here
to-day. Consul Van Buren performing the
ceremony. American consular and diplo
matic history has not on record an in
stance of a similar event in which a rep
resentative of the United States Govern
ment officiated as the celebrant of a mar
riage. Mr. Van Buren performed the
service under special dispensation from
the authorities in Washington.
The principals and a iew relatives and
friends assembled soon after noon at the
villa of Count de Sers and were driven
to the Consulate, where they arrived a
little before 3 o'clock. The utmost pri
vacy was observed.
The bride-elect had for her two wit
nesses, demanded by the laws of France,
the Comte de Cantalouse and her brother
in-law, Baron Adolph Van Andre. The
witnesses for the Senator wererMames
Gordon Bennett and the Count de Sers.
The bride was very quietly butvcharm
ingly gowned in a walking costume.
Senator Depew, who was In the gayest of
spirits, wore a black cutaway morning
coat and gray trousers. His tie was of
blue and white.
The ceremony consumed about twenty
minutes, after which the wedding party
returned to the villa of the Count de Sers
in two carriages. Mrs. Palmer accom
panied her daughter, and others present
besides the witnesses enumerated were
the Countess de Sers and Baroness Van
Andre, sister of the bride.
American flags, flying from three well
equipped carriages drawn up outside the
American Consulate, alone indicated that
something unusual was going on inside.
The shutters of the Consulate were closed.
Inside bright lamps, were burning and a
silken American flag was spread over a
table, around which stood the principals,
the witnesses and the few other persons
present.
The bride is a Catholic, and to meet the
MEXICO AGREES
TO ARBITRATE
Claim of the California
Jesuits Will Be
Settled.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— The State De
partment has just added another to the
long list of arbitrations which it has ar
ranged within the last few years for the
settlement of American claims. This ar
bitration will provide for the settlement
of the Pious fund, which has been a sub
ject of diplomatic exchange between Lite
United States and Mexico since the Mexi
can war.
The claim arose through .the failure of
the Mexican Government to pay to the
Archbishop of California interest on lau.ls
belonging to the Jesuits, for which the
Mexican Government acted as trustee.
The claim was submitted to the Mexican
Claims Commission in 1877 and judgment
given in favor of the church for about
$1,000,000. The Mexican Government al
leged that the payment extinguished the
claim, but the State Department held that
the interest began again from the date of
award and lias run until at present it
amounts to another $1,000,000.
Personal representation by the Arch
bishop of California, who recently was in
California and other dignitaries of the
Catholic Church, caused the department
to press the matter, with the result stat
ed. The name of the arbitrator and other
details remain to be announced.
Novel Places for Dining Parties.
At the Paris ' Exhibition 150 persons
dined in a champagne tun large enough
to hold $1,000,000 worth of the wine of the
gods. The dinner was one of a dozen
cdurses. This tun, in the shape of an
enormous barrel, was large enough for
an army of 3000 men to stand in its in
terior. A year wa3 spent in building it,
and its cost was $12,000. About two years
ago an immense whale was driven ashore
on the coast of Norway.- It yielded bone
and oil worth $12,600, and, in honor of the
find a banquet was given inside the body,
which, after the removal of the blubber,
afforded ample sitting room for thirty
guests. ''i.-'.-.i V: :
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
the very latest color process.
Eight pages in. beautiful col-
ors that are pleasing to the eye.
ELOQUENT NEW TORK STATES
MAN AND THE LADY WHO BE
CAME HIS BRIDE.
, .J.
demands of her faith there will be a cere
mony in church to-morrow. It will take
place at Notre Dame at 11 o'clock.
Senator Depew is a Protestant and
wishes that his own church should par
ticipate in his- marriage. . Accordingly,
there will be a third ceremony in the
American church,* (Episcopal) at noon.
Out of compliment- to Dr. Depew as- a
United States Senator and- an otherwise
distinguished citizenj .ten bluejackets
from the cruiser Albany will attend at
the church as a guard of • honor.
TEOUBLES BESET THE GROOM.
State Department Appealed to Before
the Ceremony.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. Z7.— Senator De
pew has encountered great legal and in
ternational difficulties in getting married
in France. Since his arrival in the French
capital he has become involved in the In
tricacies of the marriage laws ' of that
country, and for a time it looked as if he
would be so hampered that the transfer
of the scene of the ceremony to sumo
place outside of France would be neces-
TURKISH TOBACCO
NOT "CORNERED"
German Dealers Do Not
Fear the American
, Trust.
BERL.IN,' Dec. 27.— Inquiry among the
tobacco manufacturers of Berlin does not
reveal the existence of any great diffi
culty in obtaining Turkish tobacco. The
prices of this article, which are now
higher than usual, are attributed to the*
demand' being greater than the supply.
The American Tobacco Company is a
large user of Turkish tobacco in its
American, British and recently acquired
German factories. From information
here the tobacco trust seems undoubtedly
to be the largest buyer of tobacco in the
world, and a larger holder of tbbacco,
several times over, than any of its com
petitors. This, it is said here, is a very
different thing from cornering or attempt
ing to corner the Turkish tobacco crop.
President Duke of the American Tobac
co Company has been here for ten days,
engaged in personally examining the to
bacco - manufacturing situation. The" im
portant tobacco firms here say that they
have not received any propositions from
President Duke.
It was reported from Berlin on Decem
ber 15 that President Duke had acquired
the Jasmetzil Cigarette Company of Dres
den and the business of Kyriazi of Berlin.
The same advices said tnat two; other
Dresden tobacco concerns would be amal
gamated and then be absorbed by the
American Tobacco Company.
Country Journalism in Missouri, i
Last Saturday was a busy day for
Squire Baxter. - Clayt Honeysuckle • and
Uncle John Phillips both got drunk. \
The revival meetings at the Turtle Ford
Church have closed. Rev. Verdigris says
it is a little late in the season for baptiz
ing, anyhow. •■, . ' *;
Uncle, Hod iArkwrlght had it played on
him pretty • rough on ' Hallow Eve night.
The boys corraled him irr a barn, and put
a pair of socks on his feet. They were
tho first he had had .on for fifty-seven
years." ' 'i .-■■.-. ,' . '■ . " .; " " ■ ' ' ■ , '-•',■■..:
Curt Henshaw's hogs got into Link Gli
linwater's cornfield last Sunday and pulled
down a lot of the shocks and done other
mischief. Curt says it wasn't the : fault
of the hogs. , Helays-the blame onthe
fence. • Link threatens to law him from
Jefferson City to breakfast. We advise
them- to settle the matter without going
to law. Fight it out, boys. It's cheaper.
sary. From the little that can be learned
it is evident that the Senator was obliged
to appeal to the State Department and
the United States Embassy and United
States Consulate General in Paris to un
ravel the network of law in which he be
came entwined. -. .....
The trouble, arose over the requirement
that there must be r a! civil marriage cere
mony. So much authenticated informa
tion concerning the bridegroom and bride
was required by the French code that it
would have been impossible to produce
proofs without great loss of .time. • Final
ly/, it,, was- decided that . the" difficulties
might be met by having Consul General
Gowdy perform the marriage ceremony in
the Consulate General, which is nominal
ly American territory. The State Depart
ment forbids Consular officers performing
marriages, but an exception was made in
this case. Gowdy and Emb^tsador Porter
had been Instructed, however, to consu't
the French authorities as to the legality
of a marriage by a United States Con
sular officer and Gowdy was especially.di
rected not to act In that 'capacity unless
it were absolutely settled that his right
to do so was clear. . ■
The State Department is * anxiously
awaiting further advices from Paris.
ARCHBISHOP CHAPELLE
REPLIES TO : AN ; ATTACK
Says That His Course in- Philippines
Has the Pope's ;■ Full ,
Approval. V,," :..
NEW ORLEANS,' Dec; 27.-^Tiie States
this afternoon had, an;;.inte^v4eV with
Archbishop Chapelle. In, part as follows:
Archbishop Chapelle declares ■< as. utterly
without foundation - the ■ assertions made
by the Rome' correspondeirt'of' an Ameri
can'paper; to" tHe '- effect/ that/'h"<»* had been
forced to witVdr'a,w/fr9m;His;p9sition as
apostolic delegate.. tp. the,, ShHiRPines by
the Pope on account of inefficiency and
antagonizing the. American, civil »and mili
tary authorities*' a^d'tKe* CatTiptic clergy
and friars _ in' tlie "archipelago 'and says
that, so /far f rom ' this'/ being* fthe truth,
Pope. Leo. has publicly aritf'prlYately ap
proved his work In the "Philippines. He
says that he- resigned voluntarily, as he
believed a' 'permanent ""delegate in the
Fhilippines^was .desirable, and He comes
back to New. Orleans .retaining; the office
of papal delegate to, Cuba and Porto, Rico.
"Archbishop Chapelle assorts 'that he
lias.not quarreled. with" the: Archbishop of
Manila,, but, . orr 1 the , other .'hand, s-ays
they are as brothers and saw one another
frequently while in Rome. . He:says that
within the next mpnth there . w.ill be is
sued a papal constitution in w]blch the
policy of the Vatican will be fully set
torth and in which the approval of
work in the Philippines by.the^Pope will
be reiterated. ,...,.. ... .-
INCONVENIENT RULES '•'
OF LONDON POSTOFFICE
Public Have. Small Privileges as
CcmEared With What WeEn
. joy Here. ' ""
Not long ago an American briefly tarry-
Ing in London had occasion to < send a
postcard in a great hurry. As he was in
the neighborhood. of the general postofflce
he purchased the card there, thinking to
write and to post it all under one, roof,
but as he took his pen in hand at one of
the many well-equipped' desks : in the
building's spacious corridors a uniformed
officer stepped up and' said: .".You can't
write that 'ere, sir." .The American
apologized, removed to another desk and ,
had barely grabbed his pen a; second time i
when another officer appeared. "You
can't write that 'ere, sir," he said; "hit's
hagain horders." .The American betook
himself to a third desk. A third official
appeared and told him he couldn't write
at that desk. "In heaven's name," asked
the American, "at/ what desk can I
write?" ■ The officer looked puzzled. "Hl'm
sure Hi don't know, sir,", he replied. "Vc
might go houtside to some 'otel hor
hother, but ye can't write letters nor post
cards hln v the posthoffice. ■ These 'ere
desks his hail reserved for those h«n
wants to write telegrams." . "They may
think they are running a postofflce ovur
there," concluded the American -in tellinjj
the -story: "If they did but know, it's
just a branch of -Westminster Abbey."
Recent Explorations in Hawaii.
An exploring p^rty,' recently* made' a*
number of Important geographical discov
eries in the Hawaiian Islands. 'The source
of Waipo River has been found. to be sev
eral miles farther up the mountain than
was supposed and in a waterfall. that has
one sheer, fall of 600 feet and . In this ex
ceptionally dry season -runs ,: §,.000,000 gal
lons a day. The party reached this water
fall only because of the low water,- which
permitted the explorers to ascend the bed
of the stream, r The' forest, growth was
nearly impenetrable and : the jtrail had to
be cut through the tropical Jungles. They
.were probably. the infst white men to see
this magnificent waterfall.
DEATH CLOSES
LEARY'S CAREER
Noted Naval Officer Dies
From Attack of
Heart Disease.
Navy Department Mourns
Loss of Brave and Effi
cient Seaman.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 27.— The
Navy Department this morning received
the following telegram from. Admiral
Mortimer L. Johnson, commanding the
Boston navy yard, dated to-day:
Captain Richard P. Leary. United States
navy, died this morning at Marine Hospital,
Chelsea. .;
Captain Leary was the first Governor of
Guam after that island came into the
possession of the United States. He was
relieved of the command of the receiving
ship' Richmond last October on account
of heart trouble and granted six months'
leave of absence.
Captain Leary was held in high regard
by his fellow sailors because of the nerve
he showed in the presence of two German
warships in the harbor of Apia, Samoa,
during the stirring times which wound up
in the tremendous hurricane that wiped
out the German and American fleets in
those waters in May, 1889. Leary was in
command of the little Adams, a third-rate
vessel of antique 1 type, and finding that
the Germans were about to interfere for
cibly In support of their own candidate
for the Samoan chieftainship he cleared
ship for action, first placing himself in
a position to command either approach
and forbade any interference. He was
not molested and remained at his post
until the American squadron under Ad
miral Kimberly arrived, when he was
sent north in the Adams, thus escaping
the great hurricane. He was a unique
figure as the first naval Governor of the
island of Guam, w.hich he ruled as he
would a ship; breaking up immorality by
obliging the natives to marry; calling
upon the men for a certain amount of
work every week and even prescribing
the minimum number of poultry which
should be maintained in each family. He
was appointed from Maryland and en
tered the naval service in I860. He com
manded the San Francisco during the
West Indian campaign of the Spanish
war.
Accepts Judgeship in Philippines.
SALEM, Or., Dec. 27.— D. S. Ambler of
this city has been tendered and to-day
accepted a Federal Judgeship in the Phil
ippine Islands. He will leave the latter
part of- March, going first to Cebu, but
later will be stationed at Manila.
To Settle Boundary Dispute.
RIO JANEIRO, Dec. 27 —The Brazilian
Senate has approved an agreement to de
line the boundary between British Guiana
and Brazil.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— William F.
Cochran, a director in several Southern
railroads, the Western Union Telegraph
Company and other corporations, died in
this city to-day. Mr. "Cochran's wealth
is estimated at $10,000,000. His gifts to
various institutions and church endow
ments aggregated over $1,000,000.
James G. Bennett.
OSWEGO, N. Y., Dec. 27.— James G.
Bennett, a prominent hotel man. died
here to-day. He was born in, Newark,
N. J., in 1835 and had conducted hotels at
New York, Oswego, Watertown and Los
Angeles, Cal. ___
David Hayman.
NEW TORK, Dec. 27.— David Hayman,
brother of Al Hayman, and formerly a
well known theatrical manager, died here
to-day of pneumonia.
HjP| If Sore throat 1]
II ) ■) II C^ es * P a ' ns I
&B § 11 Pains in the throat and chest 1
I H ' ff || are liable to be serious pains. S 1
j * f. |I When inflammation gets into the I
Ij"M J Bl throat or chest you want to get il
ixJfk J«L il out as quickly as you can. for II
ii they are the tender organs of the «|
V*ss3 . "^^^*1h body and it does not take disease ll
Ira l° n g to g e t a foothold that will II
San Francisco, Cal. | cause you endless misery and II
I am now having 1 perhaps death. Jg
, . ' £ . . ji Bronchitis, pleurisy, asthma, 811
a friend of mine in g trachitis are all represented by If
Los Angeles use your | pa i ns i n the throat and chest, and § I
Woiiderful Pain Re- a what is good for one is good for SI
mover for t the con- I the others, and Dr. Halpruner*s 11
sumption. He has 11 •" P . ain Remover is the right medi- ||
. , ,. ■ . HI cine to give you the relief and am .
had the consumption || cure you ought to have. Il
bad for quite a while 1 1 The way to use it is to rub the 1 1
and you would be per- 1| Pain Remover in from the outside la
fectly surprised to see || and then take from }£ to i tea- 18
the. improvement in 11 spoonful in a wine glass of water i jg
his condition since he il internally. This starts up a SI
commenced to use this g fl vigorous circulation of the blood, | jj
medicine. I have no BH which puts the inflammation out 11
doubt whatever that Si like^water puts out fire. Itisa j|'|
it will cure him per- 1| wonderful medicine; it softens, In
manently and en- |1 loosens, heals, allays and removes |jj|
tirely, and he himself IS inflammation and brings quick Bj
has already admitted Su relief when others fail. You Jj |
this great improve- |g ought to have "a bottle of this 11
ment in his condition. §1 wonderful medicine in the house, 11
Yours truly, Ml there is no telling hov^quickly you fii
LOUIS PURCELL, 11 will need it during this changeable IS
Chronicle Bldg.S.F. || weather. All druggists, 50c and II
For sale by all drug- || $i — but demand the genuine m!
gists— 50c and $1 a li »y , % £1
bottle. Halpruner || Jf^mTXXViQTS ill
Medical Manufactur- .11 „" , \. ., , „ f . , 11
inoTnmMm; , 9 r,i; H 8 Halprunet Medical Manufacturing 11 I
ing Company, 28 Call- 1 1 Co 2 s California St., S.F., Cal. 27 ijl
forma Street, San f& Via?
Francisco, California. ■
CAST AMERICAN
IN A DUNGEON
Seattle Man Has Bitter
Experience Among
Austrians.
Says They Imprisoned Him
Falsely and Stole His
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 27.— Three years ago
Benjamin Greenburg, a harness maker,
left Seattle with the Intention of enjoy
ing a trip in Europe. After a series of
adventures such as fall to the lot of
few men he is again in this city, with the
statement that he is "glad still to be in
the flesh and once again on Puget
Sound."
Greenburg arrived in Seattle to-day.
For two months Greenburg lay in a damp
dungeon in Austria and was given hardly
enough food to keep body and soul to
gether. He was not allowed to communi
cate with his friends and dally wa3 put
through the "sweating process" in the
endeavor to make him confess that he
was another person and guilty of violat
ing the Austrian lawa.
Greenburg left Seattle in 1S37. Ho Is a
Russlon by birth, but had been natural
ized and felt that in making a tour of
.Europe he would be accorded the rights
and privileges of an American citizen. In
this he recKoned without the Auatrians.
He was arrested at Tarnopol while on a
visit to friends and thrown into prison.
On the morning following his arrest, he
says, he was visited by the police and In
formed that if he would pay $1000 he
would be released without further
trouble. He refused. This angered the
authorities and they kept him in jail for
two months. His iate was learned by a
friend, however, 'who carried the. news
to the American Consul at Vienna. Upon
that official making a protest, Greenburg
was granted freedom on giving a cash
bond of $1000, after the charge had been
formally preferred that he was Peter
Carpovich, a Greek, who .had been ex
pelled from Austria, for procuring women
lor immoral purposes.
Aided by the American Consul, Green
burg obtained evidence that he was the
person he represented himself to be. The
case was allowed to drag along for more
than a year and was finally transferred
to the highest court. When the trial was
held a number of hired thugs, Greenburg
asserts, were brought forward to show
that he was Peter Carpovich. Their per
jury was easily shown up in its true light
and he was acquitted. Since that time
Greenburg has traveled around Europe
m search of health, as the treatment he
endured in prison seriously impaired his
physical condition. *
The money he deposited as ball at
Tarnopol has never been returned. He
will present the facts in the case to the
authorities at "Washington and believes
that in the long run he will secure what
is due him.
Gain More Ground for Poles.
REDWOOD CITY, Dec. 27.— Judge Buck
to-day decided the case of the Standard
Electric Light Company of California
against MacMonagle et al., executors ol
the will of William Corbitt, deceased. The
action was brought to condemn a right
of way over the Corbitt ranch at Bur
lingame for the purpose of erecting- poles
and stringing wires to conduct into San
Francisco from Amador County electric
light, heat and power. By the decision the
plaintiff is granted the right of way upon
the payment to the defendants of the sum
of $400. There now remains but one right
of way to be secured by the company in
order to complete its system to San
Francisco, and that a very snort one. re
quiring but twelve poles.
Bulgarian Cabinet Resigns.
SOFIA, Dec. 27.— The Bulgarian Cabinet
has resigned. It is understood the new
Cabinet will Include two members of the
Stambouloff party.
34
SETTERS AND POINTERS IN TRAINING FOR TRIALS
BEING PREPARED
FOR THE ANNUAL
FIELD TRIALS
Santa Maria, Where the Next
Meeting Will Be He'd, I
Considered an Ideal Spot
All- Age Stake Attracts a
Large and a Representa
tive Entry of Best Dogs
Th<? members of the Pacific Coast Field
Trials Club are looking forward cageriy
to the club's nineteenth annual trials.
They Trill be held at Santa Maria. Santa
Barbara County, on January IS. This lo
cation was selected by a committee con
sisting of H. W. Keller, W. S. Tevls and
J. H. Schumacher after inspecting vari
ous places suggested.. The last trials were
held at Ccroaiido and -were a marked
s-jecc-es.
John A. Bslrnrr. who has judged the
1 rials of the Pcrllic Northwest Field
Trial* Club for the past two seasons, will
officiate at Santa Maria. I
The majority oS the trainers are already
o,i the fifrcunrt wiilt their strings of dogs,
Including Ue Wst pointers and setters on
the eca5i. Hirds .".re reported fairly plen
tiful, and no E&oot'-RC van prachJn? will
be permitted en tl:o grounds sclfctcd until
sfti « li.c tiia.s. '.i l.e giouuds are a-.ong
\}.ic river bottom and are comparatively
level, they are s'x miles from Santa
Jlai;a ar-il ..st?i.i'r. s; me live miios farther
on. The re:-i<'t;us cf Santa Maria will
trder-vrr to irate trip nuetinsr a success.
The entrits tor Hie .-iT-ago stake exceed
thot' ot last veer. The complete entries
foIloT,-:
V. V.\ Van A-rtdila'a •English setter bitch
Peach HloEs.cn:. «rttUa and tan. Count Glad
ctcr.e IV-feech J!ar!i. irbeJped March 2, 1890;
Same < vm r f Knelifh setter dog Counts
Titrk, Kune bre-ed:!'*. white. Mack and ton.
t-cn:« owner's Kns'.;?h wtter bitch Shadow,
tin-.e trending, white. Mack and tan.
Same owner's lir. Uantels (pointer) Plain
Sam-lKi'.He Dee II, wheltwvi May, 1K9S.
Clinton 1Z. Wonion'f iw.ntfr dog Alberta.
Alberto Joe-Pearl's Hip Hap, black and white;
bred • ■; C «Jra>\
Stockcsi.: Kernels' pctattr bitch Nellie Wil
ton. I v.t and -.vhit<>. whelped January 20,
JSSW, l"!aln Scm-LnSIy Dec II; breeder. Dr.
Same owner's Jaccuba. pointer bitch, liver
an<] wbito, whelped July 1S.1S99, Cuba of Keu
wocd-J&cquir.a; br^t-der, i-tockdale Kennels.
Seme owner' r Cuba's Zi=i>, pointer dog, black
end white, wbelped Italy 18. 1899, Cuba of Ken
woorl-Jaccjuir.a: sair.e brf-eder.
Same uum'i n.<ws Eon, pointer deg, liver
and white, wh?Ir>ed May 7, 1800. Sams Bow-
Countess V; breeder, E. D. Horn'.ng, Marye
vllle. •
Same owner's l'nrrlish rettfr Peach Mark II,
bitch. 'lemon and while, whelped March 2, 1&U0;
t>reo<ier. IV. W. V«si Arsdale.
Clinton E. Warden'* Pt>ar!'« Jingle, Young
Jingo-Pearl"? Dot II, whelped August G, 1SJ0;
breeder, George Gray.
T. J. A. Ti?d?mann'r. Northern Huntress,
Knslish setter bitch, Ch. Joe Cummlng-Mecca
II, wholped August 20, l&'Jlt; bred by W. W.
Tituf. XVe?t Poir.t. Misf=. •
J. B. Terry's English setter bitch Lady,
lomon and white. Count Gladstone IV-Peach
Mark: lireedr-r. \V. \V. Van Arsdale.
Mour.ta'n View Kennels' white and tar
I>ointer bitch Fan Go, Young JmRj-Abilallai.
Fan. whe'ped July 10, IS - J'J; bred by J. B.
Turner, Chicego.
A. Decourtieux's Verona Cash.
Mountain View Kennels' ;>ointer dog- Alec C,
Gienbeieh-Saddlcbapp.
Same owner's Nick On.
I'ciiter dec Jan:is>, »:ver and white, whelped
July. I90Q, vrisdom-Whispei ; breeder, Tjd
Alex Colvin's pointer Lady Colvin is
pronounced by dog fancier,* the best speci
men of a j>ointer owned on the Pacific
Coast and fine of the best of. her sex in
America. She has been most successful in
bench shows, her latest victory being at
the Oakland show, held recently. She was
awarded the special silver cup for the
best sporting dog. Last ilay she defeated
ell the local dogs, being placed second to
Daisy Belle, an Eastern pointer, which
ha? repeatedly won premier honors in
New York shows.
In 1909 Lady Colvin won the cup for
the best pointer of either sex in the show.
She also v.on the cup for the best light
weight, and the Pacilic Coast Field Trials
Club's valuable trophy for the best point
er or setter in the field trial classes. In
this she defeat od Champion Senator P. a
big winner in the East. James Mortimer
of New York was the judge.
/ Lady Colvin is by Glonbeigh. She was
f bred and raised by her owner. She is in
whelp to Buck of Kent, a son of Cham
pion Rip Rap, the greatest pointer ever
bred.
Swimmers at Sutro Baths.
The entries for the swimming and div
ing contests to-morrow afternoon at Su
tro Baths are as follow:
Fifty-yard dash, juveniles — G. Frantz, J.
Lipman. L. Fimpson. D. Fuller, L. Deane, H
Knight, H. Fremont, A. Miller. J. Tillman,
C. Lundin, A. Sundberg, S. Schuitz, D. Chase,
J. O'Brien, E. l>ur.n, J. Lillie, L. Couslng G.
Caulfield, M. Roche, M. Deaey. M. I\-erson,
C. Mason, T. Mc.Vrthnr. F. McGrath, J.
Schrimp, L. Newman, .1. Bcwraan. A. Tanniar.,
H. Tilton, B. Watfon. H. Norris, T. Carter, H.
Seobach. C. V/allett, W. Mizaer. Diving for
plates — C. AVryst, K. Woods, B. Parrell, J
Morris. C. Meyers. F. Pine, S. Dalton G
Southwell. K. Em!th. P. Sundberg, H. Lelcken
F. Lereux, M. Roche, F. KofTman, W. Cook.
TV. Casey. G. Savage. J. Schustro, \V. En
right. J. J. Erasmy, E. Uhlman, O. Lowenthal.
M. Atwood. L>. Harrigan. S. Finnigan. 100
yard race, amateurs— F. Moody, E. "VVInfleld
D. Xcal, H. Dougherty. P. Louis, T. McKil
lop. M. Kergan, E. Weils, H. Helnze, E. Flynn
F. Crowder. II. Seebach, H. Seemore, R. Bush,
W. Fisher, C. Donovan. C. Harnes. L. Doud,
J. Schroder. L. Schrimp, L. Scott, C. Baudain
J. Dwyer, W. Gorman. W. Gilbert. R. Dahl,
E. Percy, B. Martin, \V. Bowhay. J, McClus
key. Trick and fancy springboard diving— G
Clayton, W. Wlnficld, C. Schulte. W. Gorman
O. Beyfuf-s. T. Boyle. A. Hay. W. Fisher, L.
Murphy. J. A. Jackson, C. Lundin. L. Sawyer
C. Hanlon, W. Carroll. W. Sorman, H. Wolfe.
J. Billington, S. Fuller.
Charleston Haces Outlawed.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— The statement
that the Jockey Club stewards have de
cided to "outlaw" all the owners, trainers
and jockeys who continue to participate
in the running races at the Charleston In
dustrial Fair was officially affirmed at
the office of the Jockey Club to-day. Jt
has been said that the decision of the
governing turf body in the matter was not
reached until after the horsemen had ap
plied for an opinion as to their standing
if they should race at Charleston. One of
the officials of the Jockey Club eald to
day the horsemen were warned before
they went to Charleston and were In
formed what the consequences would be
if they raced there.
Cross Country Race.
On February 22 the Olympic Club will
iraugurate a cross-country championship
race for a trophy which win be competed
for annually. It will be a four-mile team
race, each team to be composed of five
men. The men will be started in groups
three minutes apart. The team, the mem
bers of which cover the distance in the
shortest time, will win. The arrangements
for the race are In the hands of George
Jamep. Herbert Hauser and John Elliolt
Captain Frank Bollo Injured.
Captain Frank Bollo of the Bay City
Wheelmen is confined 'to his home. He
was a passenger on. the runaway Flll
more-street car recently and suffered se
vere lacerations of the hands and legs.
San Mateo County Hunt.
The last run of the San Mateo County
hounds during the present year will take
place to-day, the pack being laid on at
2:30 p. in. The scene/of the'meet will be
the Howard Woods on the Crystal
Springs road.
On New Year's day the hounds will
meet at the Burlingame Country Club at
10:30 a. m. A large attendance of specta
tors is expected from this city.
New Bowling Becord.
SOUTH BEND. Ind., Dec. 27.— The
world's bowling record of 300 at tenpins,
the best score possible, was equaled last
night at the Commercial Athletic Club
The score was made by Samuel M. Robin-
Eon, a well-known oil man and club mem
ber. ■
■-1
ALfiC COLVIN'S POINTER LADY COLVIN, CELEBRATED BENCH SHOW AND FIELD TRiAL WINNER.
CORINTHIAN TARS
PREPARING FOR
ANNUAL DINNER
Feast Will Be Spread in the
Boathouse, Tiburon, by the
Yachting Club Caterer
The yacht that is being built in Twiggs'
shop at Xorth Point has not yet been
brought out, but will leave the house for
the open air soon. A little work will be
done upon her and then she will be
launched, after which her mast will be
stepped and her rigging set up.
On New Year's day the Corinthians will
enjoy their annual dinner at the 'club
house, Tiburon, the members having been
requested to leave San Francisco by the
11 o'clock boat in the morning, so that
they may sit down at noon, or shortly
after, and may have plenty of time to
enjey the bounteous feast and sit around
Comfortably afterward. As several of the
members like to return to the city by the
4 o'clock boat from Tiburon an early
start with the dinner Is desirable. This
was not possible when some of them de
layed until the l;30 p. m. boat from San
Francisco. As the culinary department of
the clubhouse has been much extended
and improved the coming- banquet is ex
pected to surpass those of all previous
reunions.
At various times there has been talk
of the Corinthian Yacht Club occupying
anew location, and one of the spots sug
gested was Point Richmond. But the club
is on the whole well satisfied with its
present location, except that it would like
to secure permanent possession of the
point on which its buildings stand. It Is
said that the whole of Valentines Island
could be purchased for about, ten thou
sand dollars, but that the club has not so
far been able to buy the point and right
of way only. It is probable that Valen
tines Island will eventually become a site
for residences just as Belvedere has done,
and the club might be able to buy the
whole island, partition it off into building
lots and make enough by the sale of them
to get its own location free. As the arti
cles of "Incorporation of the club do not
empower the directors to buy or Bell land,
it Is doubtful whether the club could en
ter into what would really amount to a
real estate business. The purposes of the
corporation are to model and build
yachts and to promote the eHlciency of
its members/and others in the art of
handling them. Doubtless the directors
are empowered to purchase land on which
to build a boathouse. or to- sell a site once
occupied by the ciub and buy another, but
it Is doubtful whether they could buy a
tract of land, subdivide It and sell the
larger part, retaining only a .small piece
for their own use.
In the Handball Courts.
The handball games to-morrow in Ban
Francisco courts will be between the fol
lowing players:
P. McKinnon and M. McNeil v«. G. McDon
ald and P. Mclntyre; W. Walsh and H H
Lissner vs. W. Kavanaugh and J. Brady; r>
Regan and P. Talo vs. E. Barry and J Foley*
M. Dillon and W. Kelly vs. Ed Maloney and
G. Hutchinson; M. Joyce and D. Connolly ve
P. Ryan and W. Williams: M. Levy and P #
Baech vs. M. Berwin and J. Lawless; E. Cur
ley and W. Magulre vs. J. White and R. Ltne
han; J. Fitzgerald and J. C. Xealon vs AI
Hampton and J. Collins.
Attell Wants to Fight McGovern.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— "Jack" McKenna
of Denver deposited a forfeit of $1000 to
day to bind a match between Abe Attell
and Terry McGovern for the feather
weight championship of the world Mc-
Kenna stipulates that the boys shall meet
at 122 pounds, the feather-weight limit
the bout to take place regardless of the
outcome of the coming contest between
McQovern and Sullivan. Sam Harris
McGoyern'a manager, Is out of the clty
t>ut will be back to-morrow, when he wiii
consider the proposition.
+ '— : A
IN. NEXT SUNDAY'S CAl^Ii
the very latest color process.
Eight pages in beautiful col-
ors that are pleasing to the eye.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
BOATING CLUBS
ELECT OFFICERS
FOR THE YEAR
Preparing for a Season of
| Activity on the Bay in
i Barge and Racing Shell
T{ie principal business occupying the
attention of the rowing clubs at the pres
ent time is the election pf officers. The
Dolphins have already chosen a new
board to serve during the coming year.
At the fortnightly meeting held in the
boathouse -at the foot of Chestnut street,
Alameda, "last .Monday evening, the fol
lowing were nominated for the various
offices of the Alameda Boating Club,: For
president, Charles H. Smith; viie presi
dent, F.'S;'Cone; secretary. W. B. Hinch
man; treasurer, A. G. Bell; captain, H.
E. Kelsohr lieutenant, ' Z. T. Thorning;
members -of the executive committee— A.
L. Kihm, E. B. Thorning and J. S. Peter
sen. There" is at present no • sign of op
position to anyof the nominees, and it is
likely all -wHl -be -elected at the meeting
to be tiehi oh Tuesday, January 14. The
Alamerta- 1 Boating Club made a consider
able sum at 'its' recent annual entertain
ment and. is , in • good financial condition.
The bcJathouse' will" be 1 put into good or
der and the assembly room will be var
nished;'M>ainted-and-par-tly.refurnished to
render it I&Bre 'attlactlve' to the members.
Perlcjflidatiy; the ' Question comes up be
fore thq *Bpar(J:of Supervisors of remov
ing the- obstruction- at the southerly end
of Third street. Of these obstructions the
principal SiB tJieTbo&thduse and handball
court ;o£ Jnet Sputh JSnjl- itowlng Club. A
represenj^'tHejot .the -rowing; club appear
ed'befdW 4:he iboard* and "asked for per
mission' Id remain on the present site for
eighteen months, during which time the
club would endeavor to> secure another
site. Supervisor . W. N. McCarthy said
the removal of- the boathouse would leave
the street In a worse condition than it is
in. now and should' not be enforced until
either the city or the owners of the prop
erty in that spot show they intend to im
prove the street by building a wharf. The
Supervisors were in favor of making some
concession to the rowing club, and on
the attorney of the 1 club giving a pledge
that no further extension of time would
be asked, gave the club permission to re
main in their present location "eighteen
months longer. #
At the last session of the State Legis
lature it was intended to introduce a bill
allotting a definite site for boathouses for
amateur oarsmen on San Francisco bay.
but in the scramble at the close of the
session nothing came of It. It is believed
that- a bill to this effect will be definitely
framed at the next session.
About five months ago the Triton Boat
ing Club. flnding»that sand had encroach
ed so much on the water near their boat
house that it, was quite difficult to launch
a beat, placed the house on a float and
began the journey toward a more west
erly location at the foot of Larkln street.
After traversing about three hundred
yards the barge, which was in a leaky
condition, filled and sank in shallow wa
ter. On December 8 a second attempt was
made with a new barge and the house
was successfully conveyed to 4 Its present
site. This is on the beach neiar the foot
of Larkin street and is well adapted for
boating and swimming. The new wharf
for the Italian fishing craft has recently
had a breakwater added to It, which has
broken the force of the tide rip and ren
dered the water between Black Point and
the works of the Equitable Gaslight
Company calmer.
Some of the owners of arks which are
moored in Tiburon Cove during the sum
mer have expressed an intention of spend
ing the winter at North Beach.
Jordan Asks for an Accounting.
Dennis Jordan, a contractor, filed a suit
for an accounting yesterday against John
F. Kennedy, who is also a contractor.
Jordan,' according to his complaint,, ob
tained a contract, in 1894 to erect a bar
racks at the Presidio. He commenced the
building and then entered Into an agree
ment with Kennedy whereby the latter
agreed to complete.it. Jordan now claims
that Kennedy, in rendering an account of
his expenditures, charged himself with ex
penses that were never contracted. Jor
dan asks the cour,t to determine the
amount which, according to the agreed
ment made, should be paid to him by
Kennedy.
FAST GREYHOUNDS
WILL BE SEEN IN
INAUGURAL STAKE
Flee*est Dogs on the Coast
Are in Training for the
Annual Event in Coursing
The Inaugural stake is the next big
event that is promised for the Union
Coursing Park patrons. The stake Is- of
that class that calls for the pick of cham
pion greyhounds and only the speediest
of coursers can be expected to make a
showing in the event. • The crack fliers
of the big kennels have been in special
training for the meeting and the list of
entries will show the names of the great
est coursing hounds in America. The
stake is limited to sixteen entries, with
entrance fee fixed at $10, and will be run
in its entirety on Sunday, January 5.
Already such noted dogs as Palo Alto,
Beacon, Rector, Vandal, Floodgate, Real
Article, A. J. Martin, Hickory Dick, Tra
lee Boy, Little Sister, Narcissus, Flying
Fox, Sacramento Boy, Wedgewood, Tibu
ron and Sisciuoc are promised for the
event, and with such recognized perform
ers a fast meeting is assured.
This will be Sisquoc's first time out
since his memorable coursing at Peta
luma in the plains meet, in which the
many times stake winner was forced to
long and heart-breaking trials such as
have probably never been seen on any
other coursing field since.
Sisquoc's long rest lias worn away the
effects of his severe going on his home
grounds and his owner is satisfied that
the hound will be fit and ready to carry
away first honors In the rich event.
With Palo Alto ?nd Beacon on th<»
cards, the admirers of the rival coursers
are hoping that these two candidates for
honors will come together and on equal
conditions.
Both coursers will have plenty of back
ing and It is not unlikely that they wlil
be equal favorites for the- stake. To
reach the final, however, will be no easy
work for either of these champions, for
among the entries are coursers that are
dangerous opponents in the best of stake3.
Lord Brazen, the star performer of G.
Lacey Crawford's St. Louis Kennel, is on
the sick list, with about even chances for
recovery, though if the best of medical
science and an unstinted expenditure of
money can save the noted hound Lord
Brazen s speedy return to health 13 as
sured. In his effort to save his favorite
courser Mr. Crawford has secured the
services of a veterinary surgeon and has
a staff of nurses to give their entire time
t0 , * the care 0{ tne 6 °S- The highest
priced champagne is a feature of the list
.or delicacies ordered for the dog and, in
fact, no child could.be given more care
and attention than tHe millionaire leash
man has secured for his greyhound.
The Pastime Coursing Club of St. Louis
has been given judgment In the suit
brought against it by the Humane Society
°f, that city and the sport of the leash
will, through the efforts of the influential
association, be made a popular one.
. The season will close on January 1, and
as soon thereafter as practicable Mr.
Crawford will send the best performers
of his Scennel to California for the winter,
In charge of Trainer Jackson, to compete
in the stakes at Union Park.
Thomas Hall of Merced, one of the best
known leashmen in the State, has de
clared his intention of bringing some dogs
to compete In the Belle Brandon cup stake
on. the cards for February 22. This rich
annual coursing event was named in hon
or of Mr. Haifa courser, Belle Brandon,
who won the final at the first meet.
Union Park offers two stakes for to-day
and to-morrow. Both events will be run
to-day and the finals will ue concluded
to-morrow. Likely winners in the special
stake are:
Wedding Bells, Gold ' Bug, Bonnie Hufrliie
Vandal, Real Article, Ruby Sankey, Th«
Grafter, Little Sister, Tom Hurlick. Narcissus
Vulcan, Loyal Lad, Kibosh, .Hickory Dick'
Roman Athlete, Firm Fellow, ' Master Clalr'
Master Rocket, Flora McDonald, Wedgewcod
Tralee Boy, Red Rock and Amedee.
In the open' stake the winners will prob
ably be as follows:
Lavona, Bowery' Boy, Slim, Alameda Lad,
Crockett Hill, Elista. Rosie Freedom, Day
light, Fair Oaks, Minnie Sankey, Sara, Jb"uii
Moon, Bofala, Lottie M. Lilac, Jlngle'EellB,
Master B!y, May Hempstead, Terronetta, Ben
Klrby. Bright Gold, Rich Argosy. Representa
tive, Ftery Face. • ■ f
GOLFERS READY
FOR NEW-YEAR'S
DAY HANDICAP
Same Conditions Will Be in
Force? as Ruled at the
Thanksgiving Day Meeting
On New Year's day there will be a
thirty-six hole handicap golf tournament
the Presidio links. This is the tour
nament that was arranged for Thanks
giving .day. On account of the bad
weather and the small number of entries
S. L. Abbot Jr. and H. C. Golcher. the
winners, did not claim their prizes, but
left them in the hands of the directors
to be played for on another day. As
New Year's day is the day en which the
medal play championship of the San
Francisco Golf Ciub Is annually decided,
the first eighteen holes on New Year's
day may be turned in as a championship
score. The player making the lowesst
ecore will be entitled to the possession
of the Liverpool gold medal for one year.
The San Francisco Golf Club also has a
Liverpool silver medal, for which a con
test is to be held once a month during
the season, but no one remembers when
the las^ contest was held and few of the
members knoY/ v/Ijo the holder of the
modal is.
Karly in the new year, when the
Christmas and New Year iestlvities are
over, the Ladies' Annex of the San
Francisco Golf Ciub will resume business
on the links, the tirst event set uown on
the schedule being the qualitying rounds
over eighteen holes, meual play, for the
fifth competition for the council's cup
for ladles. These will be held on Mon
day, January 0, beginning at 9:30 a. m.
The eight competitors who make the
lowest scores will be entitled to enter
the match play rounds for the trophy.
The Sausalito golfers have been having
a hard time of it for several months
past. Owing to the large building opera
tions being carried on by the Federal
Government the first three hole3 have
been entirely spoiled, and in order to play
at all it is r.ecesasry to begin at the
fourth and to play the fourth, fifth and
sixth twice to make up a round. Then
the course is rough, and in several places
outcropping reck makes bad ties for the
ball. However, when the barracks are
completed there will be a considerable
military population at Fort Baker, and
most of the younger officers will prob
ably devote a good deal of time to galf.
As soon as the buildings are finished,
which will hardly be for some months,
the course will be laid out afresh, somo
cf the existing holes being used. The
grass Is being cropped by a flock of 800
sheep, which are kept to their work by
a herder, who camps In a tent on the
links. .Major. TV W. M. Draper, president
cf the Sausalito Golf Club, returned a
few days ago from a visit to the Eastern
States. He did not play in the contest
that was held last Saturday for the Fos
ter cup. Leonard Chencry. Worthlnrton
Ames and Frank B. Findley, the holder
of the trophy, were also absent from the
cantest.
I There was a good deal of golfing en
•the Oakland links last Saturday. Gecrge
E. de Golia, going round with Mrs. H
H. Sherwood, made a score of 41 for the
long course, which equals the record
scores of W. P. Johnson and F. S. Strat
ton. C. P. Hubbard beat George
Smith, the professional. 1 up, making the
fine score of 38 over the short course. F
S. Stratton also beat George Smith, 4 up
with- a score of 42. W. P. Johnson beat
E. R, Folger, 2 Up, and Vice Captain *>
E. Bowies beat W. H. Taylor 1 up. in
a foursome A. H. HIggins and T. - *l
I Hutchinson er.cled sll square with J H
i Ames and R; M. Fitzgerald.
• Says Nolan Was on Bampage.
B. F. Jackman, 225 Austin avenue, swore
to a .warrant in Judga Conlan's court yes
terday for the arrest of David Nolan on
a charge of assault .with a deadly weapon.
Jackman said Nolan had been raising a
row in saloons on Polk street, near Sut
ter. on Christmas night and wanted «o
fight everybody In sipht. Jackman hap
pened to be walking along i.«e street and
Nolan made a rush at him with a knife
Some one yelled to Jackman to look out
and he wheeled around, when Nolan stab
bed him In groin,. He only knew No
lan slightly and never had any trouble
v. fth him. '^BS'SWSiM.'ti
TENNIS REVIVAL
IS FELT ON THE
ALAMEDA COURTS
Christmas Day Matches Are
Responsible for Bringing
Out Former Enthusiasts
The revival in tennis which started in
this city a farw months ago has reached
the other side of the bay, and players in
Alameda County are showing more in
terest in the game than ever before.
Years ago tennis was popular in Alameda,
but for the past two or three years there
has .been a noticeable falling off In in
terest. All the old-timers were out on
Christmas day when the interclub
matches were held. The rival clubs were
the Alameda and Bellevue. Reuben Hunt,
the champion of the county and one of the
crack players cf the University of Cali
fornia, represented the former club, while
the strongest player from the Bellevue
was .Percy Murdock. The match between
these two experts was" the best of the
day. To the surprise of the spectators
the champion met defeat at the hands of
Murdock.
Joseph t?. Tobin, who with Walter Mac-
Gavin, was the first doubles champion of
the coast, made his reappearance on the
local courts last Saturday. Tobin was
never rated as high as Will 'Taylor, but
he made a much better impression on the
present generation than did Taylor, who
played a couple of weeks ago. Tobin still
ciings to the small-handled Sears" racket
so popular ten years ago.
Taylor. Tcbln, Eyre and Gus Taylor will
be out every Saturday from now on, and
it will be interesting to note if thev can
bring their play up to the standard of
the Whltneys. •
The class singles tournament held on
last Sunday and Christmas on the Califor
nia Club courts was the largest ever held
in this city. Forty players from all parts
of the city too* part. As was expected,
George Whitney carried off the honors
The tournament committee made some
mistakes in handicapping the different
clas? winners. The duterence in the han
dicaps allowed by the championship to
the lower classes and that allowed by the
first class was only "one-sixth of fifteen '"
which is practically no difference at all
Not one cf the class winners had tbe
smallest chance of defeating George
AVhitney with the handicap allowed him
The tournament committee Is composed of
George Whitnay, C. G. Kuehn and Frank
Stnngham. The treatment of Chet Smith
winner of the second class, could hardly
be called fair. After postponing the play
off until Sunday the committee changed
its decision and agreed to run It off on
Christmas. Smith in the meantime had
left the grounds and was defaulted.
Strlneham was not present on Christmas
C. .Dunlap and Harry Routh, the best
tv.o players from the park, disappointed
their admirers somewhat In the tourna
ment. Dunlap was expected to give anv
of cracks a hard fight, but he went
out rather easily. '
William Frost, an old-timer from across
the bay, nearly<carried off the honors in
the second class." He did not go out until
he met Chet Smith, the class winner
r,vF he . same 6hown _ b y Grant Smith' on
Christma3 was a treat surprise. Smith
completely outclassed his opponents on
Sunday, but in the finals he seemed tS
nave forgotten how to play entirely. Coi
licr played a steady game and by getttnr
ne? S ry and n! ou? 9 aCk WOn ° n hlS °™™™*
There Is a possibility of a tournament on
£ CW J ea .S s . da y- but ""thing definite has
been decided. If held it will probably be
a Davis' cups doubles. " ' De
Ortiz Family Cannot Be Deported.
aiayor ±-ncian received a communication
yesterday from United States Commis
sioner of Immigration North to thp *ff,w
that the Ortiz famllv. Who C nr<l r7r
from Porto Rico about one year ae ft i«S
became public charges, cannot be Report
ed. North statca that under the Federal
statutes aliens .can only be deoortS
within one year after their arrival
Opium Kills a Chinaman.
Lau Chucn. 02 years old was fmimi
dead in his bunk at W CommeSui ltZ>
last Thursday and was tTk™ , ♦ fw 1
Morgue of the Board o? Heu-th on Vi?
MANY SPORTSMEN
SECURE LIMIT
BAGS OF DUCKS
Clear, Cool Weather Makes
the Shooting the Finest
Enjoyed in Many Years
Sport Is Not Confined to Any
One Place, but Is Spread
Over All the Marsh Line
The clear, cool weather and the absence
of rain have combined to make happy
the men who enjoy a day on the marsh
after ducks. Last Sunday's results were
a repetition of those of the previous one,
as ducks were plentiful, and limit bags
were secured by many gunmen.
Four members of the Spooney Gun Club
again secured the limit at their Mount
Eden preserve. The quartet -was made
up of W. Whitehead, Dr. E. N. Short, L.
R. Larzalere and George Morse. Canva>
backs and mallard3 made up the majnr
portion of the bag. For some unexplained
reason there were com paxatively few guns
on the marsh. Owing to the quality ol
the sport afforded on the previous Sun
day It was expected an army of men
would be out. ' ' ~
Up at the Field and Tule Club's pre
serve near Suiaun. six men secured an
average of 41 birds each. They were all
bie birds. "Johnny" Coleman killed the
limit. In his string were 42 sprig. The
other members of tfie paxty were: A. XI.
Shields, A. M. Cummins, J-.. Harrison, t\
V. Bell and M. E. Unger.
Otto Feudner enjoyed groat sport at the
Stewart ponds, near Donverton, last Sun
day With a friend he killed 97 ducks and
followed up this with 10 seese, t> swans
and 17 English snipe. These game
birds were secured within a. small area.
During the past month a number of
gunmen have enjoyed great shooting near
Sobrante. Early in the month A. J. Webb
and H. Emery killed 100 canvasbacks. J^,
T Harrison and a friend secured .Tj
"cans." J. R. l^eavell.r S. ■**. Pond and I*
E Leavel! secured a mixed bag of U7
"cans" and blackjacks. Dr. R.' S. Hart
ley of the Board of Health of this city
was one of the fortunate, killing •» "cans."
Some days since A. von tier Kopp of the
Selby Lead Works killed the limit in four
hours' shooting. His serin? was mostly
"cans." Messrs. Lyon and Hoag each se
cured a good sized bag during 1 the past
week. The preserve -wht-re this great
sport was enjoyed is baited each month
with two ions of barley, which accounts
for its drawing power on the ducks.
Frank Schuitz shot at Mount Eden Ia3t
Sunday and secured some nice birds.
Dr. Knowles killed 43 sprig last Tues-
U< Br'uno Shroeck killed 23 English snipe
at the fresh water lake near San Pedro.
Fred King killed 50 "cans" at Lake Cha
bot last Sunday.
Ed Bowen killed 9 "cans" near San
Ed kcrrison secured a string of 17 teal
and spooneys at Alair.eda last Sunday.
The members of the Lincoln Gun Club
will hold another bluerock shoot for tur
keys to-morrow at their Alameda Point
grounds. The shooting will commence at
10 a m., and mixed matches of all kinds
will be decided. A larger crowd is ex
pected that was in attendancevlast Sun
day. '
COMPLICATED SCOTT WILL (,
APPEARS IN COURT AGAIN
Partial Distribution of Estate Or
deied on Petition of Guardian
of Testator's Heirs.
A partial distribution of the estate of
the late Mrs. A. It. Scott was ordered in
Department 9 of the Superior Court yes
terday upon the petition of H. VL Owens,
guardian of Eugene Wormell-Byron and
Lettie Wornreli-Byron, nephew and niece
of the deceased.
Mrs. Scott's will was peculiar. When
the document was first written sh« mad3
a 'few special legacies and left the rest
and residue of her esta.te, which Is worth
$250 000. to her nephew and niece and to
the children of S. W. Collins, a former
husband.
Subsequently she added a codicil revok
ing certain legacies and providing that
the estate should be divided into fiftieths
among those mentioned in the codicil.
The nephevr and niece raised the point
that they should he paid their legacies
under the provisions o* the body of the
will, which meant that they were each
entitled to one-fiftieth of the entire es
tato and that the other heira would each
receive one-fiftieth of the. residue.
The granting of the petition yesterday
is ah admission that their contention was
correct.'
QUESTIONS THE LEGAI-ITY
OF EXPERTS' EMPLOYMENT
Treasurer Erooks Asks Mayor to In-^
vestigate Auditor. Wells' Alleged
Violation of Charter.
City Treasurer Brooks sent a- communi
cation yesterday to Mayor Phelan In
which he calls attention to the illegal em
ployment of experts by Auditor Wells in
making the annual tax settlement during
December. Brooks informs the Mayor
that three demands for such service were
paid in his office to C. P. Pidwell, A.
Leary and G. Jackson, each calling for
$100. Brooks is of the opinion that Wells
has violated the charter in making the
appointments.
After the demands were paid Brooks
was in doubt whether he should have paid
the warrants and asked the Mayor if the
Board of Supervisors had granted author
ity to the Auditor to employ experts. The
Mayor replied that no such authority was
given, but that Wrtte was allowed to em
ploy a certain number of ordinary clerks
for a temporary period, they to be taken
from the civil service eligible list. Nei
ther of the three experts employed by
Wells is on the eligible list and Brooks
questions the legality of their employ
ment. Mayor Phelan promised Brooks to
investigate the matter.
CITY'S RIGHT TO RETAIN
j FEES IS ESTABLISHED
Collections for Filing Inventories
and Appraisements in Estates
Are Legal.
City Attorney Lane notified the BoaS*
of Supervisors yesterday that the Su
preme Court had reversed the judgment
of the Superior Court, which was in favor
of the plaintiff, in the case of Caroline
Wingerter, executrix, against the City of
San Francisco. The action arose out or
the payment to the County Clerk of $•"£•>
as a fee for the filing of an Inventory and
appraisement In the estate of Charles
Wingerter. deceased.
In all there was paid into the city
treasury, under the provisions of a legis
lative act, the sum of $40,000. The result
In the Wingerter case establishes the
right of the city to retain these moneys.
Will Demand Higher Wages.
Higher wages are demanded by the
Building Trades Council and the employ
ers of workmen who belong to unions un
der the jurisdiction of this organization
have been notified. .The sheet metal work
ers have asked for n rats? from $3 50 to »4
a day, the glaziers from $3 25 to $3 50, the
helpers from $2 25 to $2 £0, the cutters from
?3 75 to $4. the felt and composition roof
ers from $2 50 to $3 a day. The sign paint
ers want a raise fsom $3 50 to 11. their
helpers from $2 50 to $3. and the pictorial
painters from J4 to $5 50. The millwrights
want the day reduced one hour.
Cleary Senks Eeinstatzment. ,
John K. Cleary. who was dismissed
from the police force April 23. 1S34. filed
a petition In the Superior Court yester
day askins that an alternative writ of
mandate be issued compelling the Boarl
of Police Coinmlasioners to restore him
to duty. He advances the same claims
a»-the eight other dismissed officers who
obtained writs in Judge Hebbard's court
last week. ASENSATIONAL FINISH ON EMERYVILLE RACETRACK
NATIONALS WIN
LISTLESS GAME
FROM AMERICANS
Fraser If Found Hard and
Often, and the Support
He Receives Is Uncertain
Mertes' Long Home Run Hit
and Van Haltren's Good
Work Are the Features
"Tiu" O'Neill's National Leaguers made
»he treat Ail-American troupe of baseball
?tars look like a bunch of schoolboys
•who miss«d their Christmas dinner yes
terday at the Recreation grounds. The
game was a listless, half-hearted affair in
which none of the performers seemed to
take an active part. When the agony did
end the regular "fans" heaved a sigh of
relief and aimlessly wandered homeward
without having received the worth of
their two-bit piece which they handed in
at the box office. The great Lajoie waa
suffering from an overdose of Christmas
delicacies and Winnie Mercer essayed to
do a few stunts around the middle sack.
The Nationals scored six runs in the
initial inning on five hits, a couple of er
rors and a batsman hit. In the next
the bell rang on the arrival of
Mertes and Beckley, who had made the
rounds on a few errors and a wild pitch,
neither making a hit. In the fourth "San
dow" Mertes did the most lively act of
the game by swatting the sphere into the
back yards of Ninth street for a round
trip. The hit was one of the longest ever
seen on the grounds, easily clearing the
left field fence. In the saine inning Heck
ley hit and arrived at the pan on an er
lor and McHale's hit. The Nationals put
the finishing touches on their heavy
etick-work in the eighth when Carr and
8teinfeldt got to Fraser for a pair of dou
bles and both scored.
The Ail-Americans made their first run
In the second when Bradley drew a pass
and finished his trip on lrwin's two-cush
ion swipes. Barrett, Bernard. Mercer and
Davis made the last runs of the Ameri
cans in the fifth, aided by a few well
pinched hits and a couple of misplays.
IFfter that they could not' damage
fcchmidt'e twist«rs to any great extent.
"Saint Jacob" Beckley again made his
bow to the bleachers and tried to shine in
the role of "vice umpire." However, lie
•was not as successful as before and did
not seem anxious to take any chances
•with "Jim" McDonald. Van Haltren made
a great catch of Sullivan's drive to- the
right centerfield fence In the fourth. It
looked good for two stations, but "Van"
■was there in his old-time form. He was
also handy with the willow, driving out
four safe ones out -of live times at bat.
McHale also had his batting -suit on, do
ing as well as Van Haltren. The score:
NATIONALS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Van Haltren, cf 5 1 4 1 3 O 0
Hulen. 3b 4 1 U 0 0 3 0
Mertes, 2b 2 2 1 1 6 2 0
Chance, c 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
Carr, rf 4 3 1 O 1 O 1
Beckley. lb 5 3 1 1 8 O 1
Ftienf eldt, Sb 3 2 2 O 2 6 1
McHale, If 5 0 4 2 5 0 0
Schmidt, p 5 O 0 1 0 3 0
Totals 37 13 15 6 »2« 15 3
ALL. AMERICAS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pickering, If........ 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Barrett, cf 5 1 O 0 4 O 1
Mercer, 2b ..._5 1 1 O 3 3 1
Berahard. rf 6 1 2 0 0 0 0
Davis, lb 4 1 1 0 4 0 0
Bradley. 3b 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
Irwin. s.e 6 0 2 0 1 11
Sullivan, c 4 O O O 4 3 O
Fraser, $> 3 O 0 0 0 4 0
Totals SS 5 9 0 21 11 3
RUNS AND HITS Bt INNINGS.
A.: Americas 0 10 0 4 0 0 0 0 — 5
Base hits 1 11O4010 1— 9
Nationals 6 2 0 3 0 0 0 2 • — 13
Base hits 5 0 1 3 1 1 0 4 •— 15
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Kraser 6, Schmidt 3.
Home run — Mertes. Two-base hits — Chance,
fctienfeldt, Irwin, Bradley, Carr. Sacrifice hit
— Mertes. First base on errors — All Americas
2, Nationals 3. First base on called balls —
All Americas 6, Nationals 5. Left on bases —
All Americas 11. Nationals 9. Struck out —
Fraser 2, Schmidt 1. Hit by pitcher — Carr,
SUenfeldt. Wild pitches— Fraser 3. Time of
tame — 1 :50. Umpire — McDonald. Official
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 27.— President
Hickey to-day issued a call for the next
meeting of the American Baseball Asso
ciation. It Is to be held at Kansas City
next Monday, instead of at Chicago, as
first given out. The change is expected to
aid George Tebeau in his struggle against
the Western League at Kansas City.
DELANEY LOOKING FOR
MATCH FOR JEFFRIES
Will Accept First Comer and Fight
Will Take Place in" San
Francisco. - ■
■y CHICAGO, L>ec. 27.— Billy Delaney, man
ager of James J. Jeffries, arrived in the
city to-day. He is bound for New York
•with the object of Inducing some of the
leafiinsr heavyweights to try their luck
with Jeffries. Delaney eaid:
"Every possible inducement will be of-
fered Flt_Ei_unons to dra.w him, into an
other match with Jeffries. Bob Is the
man the public is most anxious to have
tackle the champion. I don't know
whether he has retired for good or not.
One hears so m_ny contradictory stories
that It is impossible to tell which is false
and which Is true. If he does not want to
fight again he has a perfect right to stay
out of the came. All he has to do Is to
tell me bo a_d we shall not trouble him
further.
"I have made arrangements to hold a
•ort of reception in New York next Mon
day afternoon. All of the leading heavy
weights or their representatives ■will be
requested to attend and make bids for a
fight with Jeffries. I don't mean to play
any favorites and the man that gets his
forfeit money for a match down first will
be Jeffries' next opponent
"Madden will have to look elsewhere
for a match on behalf of I>enver Ed
Martin. While Jeffries does not draw the
color line Btrictly. yet he refuses to box
a negro for the championship.
"Whoever Jeffries may be matched with
•the contest will undoubtedly take place at
San Francisco. It is the only locality
trhere a bijer fight can be brought off in
absolute safety."
SOOSEVEI/T WAY PRESIDE
f AT THE OLYMPIC GAMES
Says He Will I_.y the Whole Matter
Before the Cabinet for Con
sideration.
PARIS, Dec. 27.— Barcn Coubertln, pres
ident of the Olympic games, has just re
ceived a personal letter from President
Roosevelt in reply to the invitation sent
to the latter asking him to become presi
dent of the Olympic games to be held in
during the year 1904. President
Roosevelt says he will lay the whole mat
ter before the Cabinet and that, bo far
as he himself is concerned, he takes the
keenest interest in the undertaking and
•will do his utmost to make the meeting
at Chicago ae successful as the last one,
held at Athens.
Roosevelt's letter is couched in the
warmest terms. He referred to Baron
Coubertin's works on sports, with which
the President showed acquaintance.
Baron Coubertin, who was mulch touch
ed by Roosevelt's kindly reference to him-
Kclf. said the President's acceptance
would, in view of his enthusiastic support
of all manly sports, cause the greatest
pleasure to all concerned in the games.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
the very latest color process.
Eight pages in beautiful col-
ors that are pleasing to the eye.
JOCKEY BENNETT
VICTOR DESPITE
A BROKEN WRIST
Reliance Club Tournament
Yields Very Good Entertain
ment to Large Attendance
Griffin-Johnson Fight Results
in a Draw and Long Gets
the Decision Over Curren
There were three good boxing contests
at the Reliance Club, Oakland, last even-
Ing, but little of the lively fighting which
has characterized recent tournaments
held in the gymnasium of that organiza
tion. The main event,. a fifteen-round con
test between Hank Griffin of Los Angeles
and Jack Johnson of Denver resulted in
a draw.
The big colored fighters were both in
splendid condition. Johnson proved him
selt a clever Infighter. Both men did some
hard hitting, but there was little of par
ticular interest in the bout. As far as
giving and taking punishment were con
cerned honors were about evenly divided,
but Griffin did most of the leading and
seemed to be tl\e cleverer of the two. The
Judges' decision seemed to give general
satisfaction.
Jockey Bennett was awarded the deci
sion in the first preliminary, a six-round
pro with Jack McPadden. Bennett slipped
in the fourth round.- fell and fractured his
right wrist. In spite of his injury, how
ever, he stayed in the battle, and in the
last two rounds, one-handed as he was,
administered to McFadden a course ■ of
punishment .which had him on. the verge
of slumberland several times.
Dr.-Crowley examined the jockey's wrist
after the fight and pronounced the injury
a serious fracture. Although the specta
tors did not know the extent of the dam
age its seriousness was manifest when the
boxer's right hand was seen to be flap
ping around like a broken wing.
Louie Long was given the decision over
George Curren in a ten-round mill. The
decision was approved by all but Curren,
who wanted to whip the referee, and
managed to escape from his seconds long
enough to make the announcement that
he could knock the block off Louie Long
any day In the week and that all judges
were liars. In the absence of "Billy"
Jordan, who ■was reported indisposed, Sec
retary Walter B. Fawcett made a star hit
as announcer. Ed J. Smith refereed the
Griffin-Johnson fight. The attendance
was large. . .- .
THE ROYAL FAMILY OF
• EUROPE IN DANGES
Too Much Intermarrying Produces
Results That Threaten the Ex
istence of Some Houses.
Justin McCarthy in the ' Independent
says: We hear the most alarming antici
pations about the health of the King. The
report Is going about everywhere, and it
finds some sanction in the fact that the
King has lost within a comparatively
short space of time a brother and a sis
ter from the fell disease which, according
to nopular rumor, he believes to be threat
ening his own life. Three of the late
Queen Victoria's children died during Vic
toria's lifetime, and one other, the late
Queen's eldest daughter, widow of the
late German Emperor Frederick, died
only a few months after the death of her
mother.
An interesting- article which I have just
been reading in the Dublin Freeman's
Journal, the leading- newspaper of Ireland,
insists that one main cause of the . ill
nesses which at present affect so many
royal houses of Europe is to be found in
the fact that "the sovereigns of Europe
have disregarded that great law of nature
which discountenances the marriages of
near blood relations." The article goes on
to tell us that while "there are in Europe
over a score of Emperors, Kings, and
minor reigning sovereigns • • • all but
two are the descendants of James I of
England, the only child of the marriage
of Darnley and Mary, Queen of Scots."
The King of Sweden, who, as everybody
knows, is the descendant of Marshal Ber
nadotte, one of the soldiers whom the
great Xapoleon raised from the ranks
and set upon a throne, and the Prince
of Montenegro, who became a sovereign
ruler within the recollection of us all, are
almost the only exceptions. The result ot
this condition of things naturally is that
European Princes and Princesses are com
pelled to marry "in and in," if I may use
that colloquial expression ■when dealing
with such a subject — in other words, have
to flnd their marriage consorts in families
more or less nearly related to their own.
At present there is hardly a European
imperial or royal family which is not op
pressed by serious and boding illness of
some kind, and It is only reasonable to say
that some explanation of this fact may be
found in this system of intermarriage. It
is certainly a curious historical fact that
the dynasty of the Stuarts, in many ways
the worst dynasty that ever ruled over
England, should have left so many de
scendants among the reigning house of
Europe.
DEATH STATISTICS OF
THE GREAT CIVIL WAR
Grand Total Reaches 304,000, or
About One in Every Nine
Men Enlisted.
The campaigns and battles of the Civil
War were on a Bcale of surpassing mag
nitude. Therft were more than a score of
single battles, sometimes extending over
several days. In each of which the losses
in killed and wounded on the Federal side
were greater than the aggregate of all
our losses in all our other wars combined.
How paltry seem the 6000 killed and
wounded in the war of 1812, or the war in
Mexico, or the war with Spain, compared
with the 14.000 at Shiloh, 15,000 at the
Chickahominy, 13,000 at Antietam, the
same at Fredericksburg, 16,000 at Chan
cellorsviUe, 23,000 at Gettysburg:, 16,000 at
Chlckamauga, 37.000 in the Wilderness and
26,000 at Spottsylvania! The grand aggre
gate of destruction fairly staggers the
imagination, accustomed as we have been
for more than a generation to the figures
—93,000 killed by bullets, 186,000 killed by
disease, 25,000 dead from other causes—
a grand total of 304,000, about one in nine
of every man who wore the uniform.
In no other war in all time has such re
spect been paid to the dead. Immediately
after its close the Secretary of War was
directed by Congress "to secure suitable
burial places and to have these grounds
enclosed, so that resting places of the
honored dead may be kept : sacred for
ever." In seventy-nine separate and dis
tinct national cemeteries the bodies of
nearly 300,000 soldiers who died during the
Civil War are interred, and the decora
tion of their graves with flowers on a fixed
day has become a national custom. Some
of the cemeteries contain each a silent
army of over 10,000 soldiers, in serried
ranks marked by the white headstones,"
on nearly half of which is inscribed "un
known." The world may be searched in
vain for anything similar or kindred;
there is no other such Impressive sight.
LITTLE GIRL'S EFFOBT
TO BEFORM POLICEMEN
Offers Prize of One Dollar to One
With Minimum Scores for
Profanity.
The Chicago papers tell of a little eight
year-old girl who is* trying to reform the
Oak Park policemen. She has sent $1 in
small change to the station with the
statement that it is to be awarded as a
prize to the policeman who uses the few
est profane words between date of receipt
and Christmas. Each officer is to report
his profanity score every evening at roll
call on his honor as an officer and a g-en
tleman. In her note the little miss said she
hoped to make the Oak Park policemen
better than their Chicago brethren. The
guardians of the peace have accepted the
challenge in good faith. A book has been
purchased and the record will be kept
therein in black and white. Verily "a
little child shall lead them." That little
girl's dollar will do more good than a
thousand lectures in the Oak Park pre
cinct.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
PASSING THE WIRE NOSE AND NOSE
BEDECK AND QUADRA RUN A DEAD HEAT
Duckoy, Well Piloted by Lee; J^
Titania— Cuban Girl Given jf Stiff Argumetp-lBy El
Fonse— -Bassenzo First at 10 to l---UrGhin|Fakes^|i§|irse
D— IMINUTIVE Willie Knapp on the
two-year T old filly Quadra, carry
ing 89 pounds, made a dead heat
of if with Winnie O'Connor,
astride the favorite Bedeck, j in
the mile selling run yesterday at Oakland.
The older horse had been showing signa
of lameness in his work, for which reason
6ome of the books went to 11 to 10 to get
the coin in. Besides Quadra three other
two-year-olds started in the race," and
Bedeck was badly outfooted the first
quarter. Going around the bunch, O'Con
nor had worked hi& way up on nearly
equal terms with Quadra and everybody
had the result figured out. But the pre
cocious youngster on the leader did not
intend to give up, without a battFe, and
drawing his whip went to work on Qua
dra. Seventy '"yards from the finish Be
deck was nearly a neck to the good, then
Knapp gave Quadra another cut or two
until as the pair passed the wire the
judges were, unable to separate them.
The purse was divided. Johnny Daly, on
Sir Lewis, was a close third.
None of the fields possessed much class,'
but they served to attract quite as large
a crowd as usual. Cuban Girl and Mis
sion were the only favorites to land.
Probably Green Morris' Duckoy was re-,
sponsible for furnishing the biggest sur
prise of the afternoon. Down near the
bottom of the card, a. six-furlong spin
looked a good thing for Princess Titania
with 90 pounds and Redfern in the saddle,
and the filly ruled an 8 to 5 favorite. It
looked rosy for the first choice after she
had collared Hilee in the stretch, when
Lee Jackson slid along on the rail with
the 95 pounder Duckoy, beating the Prin
cess out a neck Inl:-^. At ope time the
winner was 10 to 1 in the ring.
Master Redfern, on the 9 to 1 chance,
Urchin, had his number displayed first
after the Jinish of the opening scramble
at five and a half furlongs.- Always in. a
good position the gelding downed Marl
neuse, another outsider, a length. Gold
finder led the favorite Kasp out lor show
honors, the latter being a slow beginner.
Bassenzo, a 10 to 1 shot from the staDle
of Walter Jennings, ran away with the
maiden two-year-old event. The Basset
law gelding made all the running and won
hands- down. Montana Peeress on' her
last race was installed favorite and under
Tommy Burns', hard riding beat Rosarie
half a length for the place.
The lead of the "Oregon short-liner,"
Patsy Dolan, out in front in the five and
a half furlong dash, third to be decided,
was short lived. The aged bush mare led
to the stretch after starting favorite and
then became lost inline shufHe. Tommy
Burns hustled Cuban Girl, a 6 to 1 chance,
along and in a busy finish got the decision
from El Fonse by a neck. Chappie, at 15
to 1, ran third.
Not much class could be attached to
any one of the seven starters in the clos
ing mile and fifty yard run. Mission went
to the post favorite and owing to Bull
man's riding led out Einstein a length.
Kastaine ran third.
Track Notes.
The Peralta handicap will be the feature
of to-day's excellent programme at the
track across the bay. • In it the crack
Watercure and Rio Shannon, winner of
the Christmas handicap, meet again.
Billy Porter, -who owned and raced the
famous old sprinter Jim Gray, arrived on
last night's overland from the East.
"Gene" AVhalen, who trains Midnight
Chimes, purchased Bedeck from Green
Morris yesterday.
Ned Lanigan has issued a handsome
printed pamphlet extolling the good qual
ities of his fine looking horse Rubicon.
Winnie O'Connor will take a week's
vacation up at the Haggin ranch after to
day.
Urchin, winner of the first race, was
bid up from $200 to $300 and was obtained
by D. P. Cox. "Paddy" Lynch also threw
in a blanket with the bargain.
Dr. Hollenbeck, the well-known veter
inary surgeon, is out again after an at
tack of pneumonia.
Entries for this afternoon's events are
as follows:
First race — Six furlongs, selling:, three-year
olds and upward.
0042 Afghan .. 134 2600 Qulbo 129
302C Maresa 129 3034 Alzura 129
3036 Gibraltar 137 3031 Edinborough..l37
3034 S. of Tarsus. 134 (.'!042)Rose of Hilo.134
3026 Herculean ...134 2962 Alado 134
Second race — One mile and a half, hurdle
handicap, three-year-olds and upward.
3037 P. Archibald.133 3037 Distance ....128
3006 Favorito 142 3037 Romany 125
(3037)Sam Green... 135 3022 St. Anthony. .125
Third race — One.milo and a quarter, selllnjr,
three-year-olds and upward.
3042 Billy Lyons... 1)2 I 3044 Artllla 104
3044 El Mido 101 3044/ Compass .... 95
3018 Sunello 101 1 2907 Expedient ...101
FAVOR UNIFORM
BANKRUPTCY LAW
Commercial Men Reply
to Inquiries on the
Subject.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., Deo. 27.— The
executive committee of the National As
sociation of Bankruptcy Trustees has pre
sented to Congress its report on the in
vestigation made to secure the sentiment
of all sections of the country on the na
tional bankruptcy law. The committee
sent out 13,968 ' inquiries. The committee
summarises its report as follows:
. The actual result of our investigation ap
pears to clearly demonstrate the following sa
lient facts:
That there is an almost unanimous sentiment
throughout the country and among the leading
commercial Interests thereof. . favoring a uni
form and national bankrupt law.
That sentiment appears to exist to a like
extent, preferring a national system of bank
ruptcy to State Insolvency systems.
That there also appsars to be a consensus
of opinion among, those best qualified to pass
upon the questions that the present law needs
amendment in several Important directions. ■
That the amendments contained in the Ray
bill appear to have received the favorable ap-.
proval of the moat important commercial ele
ments of the country.
That concerning the questions involved in
section 57 G of the present act, arising by
reason of the construction given to such section
by the courts, attention should be given to the
matter by Congress in the direction of en
deavoring to adjust if possible the various
interests involved and affected.
New Orleans Bace Results.
NEW ORLKANS,' Dec. 27.— Crescent City
results: . . •.
First race, seven furlongs — Brewer Schorr
won, Zocapa second, Esther Riggs third. Time.
1:2!).
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles,'Bell
ing — Annie Thompson won, Jim Breeze eecond.
Van Horebek third. Time. 1:48.
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course— Dasmar won, Bristol second. Dlver
tison;ent. third. T.lme. 3 :08. '
Fourth race. Blx furlongs — Little Jack Hor
ner won. Royal Sterling second. Grantor third.
Time. 1:13 „. ■■.-■■
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling; — Mr.
THE ■; eA__'S; : RACING«F©iilffiRT.
OAKLAiND RACETEACK-Frlday, Dec. 27.— Weather "tee. f'Tr^lf^ir^
3O47. FIRST RACE— Five and a half lurlongs; Belling; $325.
, - ■ ■•'.■■•■'' '•wtV.Bhii-y ■'■ ■•■■ Vr*5»iw>»"* " "Bitiins.
Index Horse. Age. .Weight. St. ; ■ %. .*■ Str. Fin; . VOwnwJaK^JJpcffeffigi ffiy* * CL
2933 Urchin, 4 ........112 5 -6 V, 4 1 3 1 1 T P. O. Lynch.. .'.Jfcdlei- l%&-6 0
3008. Marineuse, 3 109 8 3 1 ' 2 V, * 2 h • 2 J4 J; Conway;V.';f.:_uyman &10 • 10
3031 Gold Finder, 4... 112 1 ■ J S 1 ' 1 ft 1 1 M. Stora t. O'Connor .^ j-U 9-2
:3O29 Rasp 8 107 10. 8 % 9 1. 0 1 4 1"' J. .Green ..'.:..». Jackfeoh. £6r2 '." - 8
2992 B. F.' Mason, 4;.. 112 9 10 1 < 7 ft 81 5 2 W. G. MatthenWtBaras %M* 8
3042 Aphrodls, 3 107 2 4 ft 8h ,7 1 6 % J. H. Blmpson.'. j ..Ho*r ; £'20 - 60
3004 Young Morello, 4.115 8 " 6 1 5 & 6 # 72 W. : Scharets 1 ....MeuttCe >'■**. -6 12
2902 Heraldo, 4 . . . . : .112 11. 11 -81 « 8 6 M. , Kane . : . ■-. I Z J.'CW_J— * !3SiI0 ' 20
2918 Senator Matts. 5.:112 6 7 1 10 10 9 1 H; L-, Hasten. Wln£)*tt<I '30
2860 Spry Lark, a.:.. 112 4 1 V, 3 1 4 % 10 % 11., Qulnn. . t .R«m^eh j-v^fS 15
2985 Mrs. Brunell, 3.. "107 7 91 11 11 11- B: SchrelW.^.V.Troxler *k-»'6 . " 12
3034 Dr. Boyle, 4.....U2| Left J. C yealori.BlrKjenrUtK{.^6 10
Time— U :24%; %, :49%; S'^f, l:08 J ,£. Good start. Won first' three idjiyinsv'C.'ffitnner. P.
' G. Lynch's b. g. by Kingston-Mary M. Urchin played In luck. -MarlneusoBtTOd'souij' strong
urging from the start. Rasp a slow beginner. B. F. Mason". mlKQt. nave. wottCtt "ho had
l^_^.^_ r^- J Aj^^
3O48.' SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling ; maiden tw6-year-oIflB| lvalue (325.
" ' ' ' I ' ~- I . . ■■■••-:-*- . X" ~tZ r ;:?rt'.3 JettiI1 5;
Index Horse and "Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey-..--" ■ <Pg... CL
"3023 *Bassenzo ... 115 2 :ih 12 12 12 Jennings & Co...Wooas ""£& 9
29S1 Mont. Peeress.... 115 8 3h 8h 2h,2^ Chinn& Forsythe. Burns *. «/.8 13-5
3023 Rosarie ...1115 9- 9h..7 % 6 2 - 8 h P. Howley*. Moun'ce" .3 .; 8
2914 Annie Max ......115 8 6 4 6% 4% 4 4 P. Sheridan. .. ..BrOdlen J;~;eO 150
3041 Knocklngs ...115 6- 5 2! 2 % 3 h ■ 5 2' C. Earl & Co.. Hoar - 6 7
2890 Mintaka > 118 7 8 3 /4 9 n 7 1 6 2 H..F. Wilson... Bullman • ' 3 7-2
3005 Budd " Wade ' 115 4' 4% 5 Vj 5 h 7 8 • B. Schrelber ..O'Connor ■"■'■ 6 8
3035 Sir Claus .........115 5,7 3 8 h 8 2 . 8 6 A. B. Spreckels..TroxIer ""20 30
Claudator . 115 12 12 ' 12 10 1 91" El m wood Farm.. Ransch ; :10 . 20
2970 Angeleno .:.. 118 11 11 4 11 4 11 2 • 10 2 • Baldwin; & Co. .Ransom ,20 15
2950 Wandering Boy. ..115 1 2 3-41 9 % 11 4 La Siesta Ranch.. .Jones ■..-"; 10 .40
2926 Robert Bonner 11.115 10 10 8 10 2 12 12 P. E. Smith... .A. Kelly .-..■" 15 30
Time— V it :24^; %i :48%; %, 1:15. Good start. -Won. easily. Second' and' third 'driving.
Winner, W. B.' Jennings & Co.'s br. g. by Bassetlaw-Flrenzetta. Winner . shewed marked
improvement over his previous race. . Peeress did her best. - Annie Max will do. She
closed well.. Knocklngs quit. Mintaka had a rough trip. "Formerly. Bassezo. \ •
3O19. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;' selling; S-year : olds and up; to first, (325.
_ . ; ■ - _____
Index Horse."- Age. Weight. St.. %.'%.. Str. Fin. . Owner and Jockey. ' Op. CL
3000 Cuban Girl, 8 107 5-23 2H 1 1 ■ 1 n- P. Corrlgan.V.iT^.Bur_» "t.*..6 ' 4'
3025 El Fonse, 3 107 3 6 % 64 412% Burns & Waterhs. : Buch "■* '6 10
3034 Chappie,' a "......112 6 4% 31 3% 3% J.. Morehouse. 0' Neil -20 15
3034 Novia.tS 112 1 31 B2 51. 4 2 Brown & Co.. ..Jackson 6 8
3029 Parsifal, 3 107 7 5 2 4h' 6 1 6 1 J. D. Fitzgerald. . .Hoar •, 5 . 6
29S5 Lost Girl, a 113 2 ■• 8 1 ' 8 % 7 2 6%" E. G. McConnell.-. Jones '.'-...6 10
2967 Patsy Dolan, a. .112 4 '12' 13 2 h 71 H. Butts :....".. Mounce ■ '-3 4
3000 Captivate, 3 ■ 107 9 9 10 . 7 % 8 1 ' 8 2 • P. Hildreth Troxler "15 . 12
2955 Malaise, 6 112 8 7195 98 9 10 Musto & Ruiz. .A. Kelly .10 .12
29S5 Meadow Lark, a. .112 10" 10- 10 - 10 10 ' Elmwood Farm.Bullman 10 20
Time— li :239i; Vi; :48; 5%f, 1:08^. .Bad. start. Won first three driving. Winner. P. Cor
rigan's b. t. by Strathmere-Laxina. It was fortunate for Cuban Girl, the , wire was not
twenty yards farther away. 'Chappie ran a nice: race. Trifle too much weight .on Novla.
Parsifal has apparently gone back. Patsy Dolan blew up. Scratched — Bard Burns 110, Me-
Namara 112. \ ■ ■ ■ ■-■■.-. : " > , • / r . • . • . •
3O5O. FOURTH RACE — One mile; selling; all ages: value to first, $325..
~ rr. i t~ ; : .... . ■. r~~: ~ ; ■ Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. . %. % . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3030) Quadra,,' 3.:...;.. 89. 4 11% 1221.* Snider & Co.'.W. Knapp 8 9-2
(3014) Bedeck. 3 .113 6 6 6 ! 11; *■%• 3. Gardner O'Connor 1 4-5
3007 Sir Lewis, 2 92 5 42 21 3 h 3 2 M. Daly J.Daly 9-2 7
3040 Larry Wilt, 2 92 2 2 h 4 h B 2 4 % T. H. Stevens.... Jackson 6 10
3040 Dawson, 2 80 1.. 6 4 ■ 5 2: 4 h B 1 W. B. Sink Jr. ..Redfern 6 10
3040 Free Lance, a 118 3 3 h 3 h 6 6 W. H. Ketchemn-.Troxlr 30 20
Time^ — V*. :25&: %, :50; %', 1:15%; mile. 1:41. Good start. Won first three driving. "Win
ner" G. W. Snlder's ch.f. by Prestonpans-Mlss Belinda. Bedeck has been going lame and
■wai not seen at his best. Sir Lewis cut off once In stretch. Larry Wilt cut off on back
: stretch. 'Dead heat. Scratched — Dandy 92, Trladltza 115. Nellie Forest 110.
SOS1. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs: •Belling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
__ . _ . ______
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. «i. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3028 Duckoy, 4 95 3 7 *% 34 In G. B. Morris.... Jackson 4 8
2996 Prln. Titania,3.. 90 5 8h 2 % 2 % 2 3 Caesar Toung Redfern 8-5 8-5
(2980) Hilee, 5.! 104 1. 1% 12 In 36 W. W. Elliott.. ..Troxler 4 11-2
3019 The Miller, B.... 95 2 2%3h 44 46 G. P. McNeil Ransch 8 12
3032 Kitty Kelly. 4..." 95 ,T 4% 63 8%5%W. L.vStanflel_...O'Neil c 6 0-2
3002 Fitzkanet, 3 102 6 6151 6 3 6 1 W. M. Rogers Hoar B-2 8-2
3012 Ben Ledl. 5 ...05 4 5 h 7 7 7 G. W. Scott. . .Wlrislette 8 SO
Time — Vi. :24; %, :48; %, 1:12%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, G. B.
Morris' b. g. by Brutus-Decoy Duck. Jackson on winner hugged the rail. and got through.
Princess did her best. Hllee tired. Kitty Kelly weakly ridden. Fitzkanet on outside of the
bunch, losing much ground. Scratched — Redwald 104, Impromptu 99. Sly 113, School for
Scandal 105, GustolO^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
3O52. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 50 yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
__ j __ _ __ _~ _— __________
Index Horse, Age, Weight. | St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
3036 Mission, 4 114 251 7 21 11 James Wilson. ..Bullman 2 2
3033 Einstein, 6 114 1 61 5h'312h L. Levy Monnce 6 8
2S34 Kastaine, 5 114 5 7 61 1 %' 8 B K. M. Borchert..O*Connr 8 9-2
2973 Burdock, 4 114 8 Sh 4%41 46 J. S. Campbell.. Redfern 7 8
JI022 John Welch, 4. ..114 6 212% 51 53 W. H. Lynch Burns 8 16-5
3010 Dk. of York II, a. 114 7 4% 3% 62 0 10 I. Morehouse O'Nell 10 15
2SS4 Howard, a 114 4 1%12 7 7 R.E. Dolan Spencer 10 10
Time— Vi, :28%; V,. :5Hri; %.-l:16%; mile. 1:42%: lm 60yds. l:45Vi. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, James Wilson's ch. g. by Albert- Annie Layne. Had O'Connor not
taken Kastaine out of it tbe first part he could have won. ' Mission received strong hand
ling. Einstein ran Kindly for a change. :
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth, the
Peralta handicap, three-year-olda and upward.
S027 Varro ....... 00 3038 Watercure ..122
2965 The Fretter. . 90 (3038)Rlo Shannon. . 90
3038 Rosormonde . 98 (30281Jim Hale 103;
H038 Icicle 94 (3018) Position 95
(29S3)Andrisa IPS
Fifth race — One mile, free handicap, two
year-olds.
(3043)The Giver.... 105 (3010)Royalty 02
3045 Botany 103 3043 Lapidus 92
3045 Homestead ..100 (3039)Magl 103
3040 Bragg 80 „
Sixth race — Futurity course, purse, three
year-olds and upward.
3038 AutoliBht ...110 2062 Nellie Holton.112
23S0 Berendos ....107 3045 Doublet 112
Phinlzy won, W. B. Gates Becond, Swordsman
third. Time. 1:47 %.
Sixth race, one mtle^ — Ernest Parham won,
Leenja second, Ben Hullum third. Time,
1:41%. •
Fight a Draw in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 27.— Perry Queenan
and Mike Donovan fought to-night twenty
rounds to a draw. Donovan was obliged
to forfeit $100 to Queenan for weighing in
seventeen pounds heavier.
Santry Wins on a Foul.
OMAHA. Dec. 27.— Eddie Santry of New
York was to-night given the decision over
Ole Olson of Chicago on a foul in the sec
ond round of what was to have been a
twenty-round contest.
Yale's Athletic Glory Waning.
PITTSBURG, . Dec. 27.— The Yale basket
ball team was defeated by Duquesne to
day by the score of 24 to 17.
The Large Growth of Suburbanism.
It was not many years ago that people
lived in the suburbs as a matter of eco
nomy. Now they live in these parts be
cause higher • ideals ' may often be at
tained here. From reports personally ob
tained from twenty-eight of the largest
cities in America, north, south, east and
west, it was shown that during two re
cent years over $420,000,000 had been in
corporated and spent in private pur
chases and the development of lands.ad
jacent to large cities, for suburban oper
ations. Over $60; 000, 000 • haa been voted
and spent by trolley and railroad compa
nies to extend their services beyond the
limit of these cities. . Nearly half a bil
lion of dollars has, therefore, been in
vested within two years in the proposed
development of suburban properties, in
addition- to the millions of dollars al
ready invested./
Torpedo Tubes Losing Favor.
Torpedo tubes are eliminated from the
plans of the two. battleships and the two
armored cruisers adopted by the Naval
Board of Construction. The board con
cludes that the proper craft from which
to launch a torpedo is the submarine or
surface torpedo-boat, not the large fight
ing ships. It has been contended by many
naval authorities that for a torpedo to
prove effective it is essential that it be
fired at short range, and that the vessel
sending it must be able to get quickly
away from the enemy's big battery. The
board seems to accord with these views
by abandoning the torpedo tube as a part
of the equipment of. the larger war ves
sels. ■ ". " \ ' t
The Forth .bridge is constantly being
repainted. So vast i3 the, structure that
it takes fifty tons of paint to give It one
coat, and the area dealt with is some
thing, like 120 acres.
2802 S. for Scandal.lO'f 1583 February ....112
(2904) Ordnung 112 1 S045 Byron Kose . . 107
To-Day's Selectio'nsi: ,
First race^ — Herculean, .Maxesa, Gibraltar.
Second race — Favorite^ ..Distance, Archi
bald. . / . ..;- f , „.„,',._, „;,.;. «*
Third race^ — Artftla. Sunello, El Mldo.
Fourth race — Andrlsa, TVatercure r ,Rlo Shan
non. '■ : <. •-■ . .; rn <% ." .Hi!
.• Fifth race — Homestead, .Botany,' '.The Giver.
Sixth rac«— Ordnuns.i ■February,. <AatollghU
'"Mannle's Turf Advisory Go. • guarantees
you the winners to-day- at- the -races or
money refunded. -80 Posttstr ■— • •
RAILWAY CLAIMS
HEAVY DAMAGE
English Company^rSues
• Society of Railway |;j
Employes^ -
LONDON, Dec. 27.— In the suit of the
Taff Vale Railway against the Amalgam
ated Society of Railway Servants; an im
portant trades union case, the plainillts
filed a statement to-day claiming £24,626
damages suffered through an alleged con
spiracy and unlawful combination. The
plaintiffs' claim (which is based on the
House of Lords' decision "of July last,
holding that it was not the intention of
the Legislature to prevent a trades union
from being sued If through its officers it
is guilty of illegalities) is against Richard
Bell, member of Parliament for Derby and
general secretary of the ..Amalgamated
Society of Railway Servants, and against
the trustees of the society, as well _g
against the society itself. ; :
The House of. Lords on July 22 last re
versed the decision of the appeal court
dissolving the injunction rendered August
30, 1900/ by Justice Farwell in the High
Court of Justice, which enjoined officials
of the Amalgamated Society of Railway
Servants from "watching and besetting"
the Great "Western Railway stations- and
approaches with a view to inducing non
unionists to refrain from taking the
places of strikers. That action of the
House of Lords restored Justice Farwe II' s
judgment, the House holding; as set forth
in the cable dispatch, that it was not the
intention of' the Legislature to prevent a
trades union from being sued if through
its officers it is guilty of illegalities.
Depths at Which. Divers . Can. Work.
Submarine divers. have not yet succeed
ed in reaching two hundred feet below
the surface with, all the advantage of
armor, air supply and _ .weights . to sink
them. The effort has been made to reach
a .wreck in 240 feet ! of water: The ac
counts state that at 130 feet the diver be
gan to experience serious trouble. At 200
feet, after suffering terribly, he | lost con
sciousness and was < hauled up.- »i Divers
cannot work much below 100 feet. •
MICHIGAN TEAM
IN HARD TRAINING
FOR STANFORD
Preparing to Meet Cardinal
Eleven at the Tournament
of Roses in Pasadena
Coach Yost Is Confident That
the Ann Arbor ■ Men Wiil
, Uphold Their Reputation
PASADENA, Dec. 27.— Tha University
of . Michigan 1 ootball eleven, which ar
rived'here yesterday, ' has gone Into train
ing for. the Stanford-Michigan game on
New Year's day. -The team is being en
tertained at the . new Hotel Raymond,
where every opportunity. Is afforded them
to get in , shape for the coming contest.
The. men are given light work every
morning on ;the golf links near the hotel
■and In the afternoons - at • Sportsman's
Park, where the big game will be played.
Coach Yost is confident that his team
•will uphold its reputation for a big score.
He states : that the eleven is in good con
dition . after the long Journey across the
continent, and expects the - work of the
next few days' to ; put the men in cham
pion shape. -- - • ■ "" • '
MUSTACHE A . L'EMPEBETJIt
. NOT XAISEB'S INVENTION
Design of Behren Strasse Barber and
Introduced by One Adjutant
' Hullen.
The Kaiser's mustache has been a popu
lar subject of discussion ever since he
adopted the extraordinary I fashion in
which he now wears it— turning sharp
right angles upward at the ends of his
upper lip and running parallel -with his
nose until it reaches his eyelashes. It was
the invention of • a ' barber named Haby,
who for a time was an object of almost
as much curiosity ■ as the Emperor him
self. In 1887 Adjutant von Hullen, one at
the dudes of the army, appeared at the
palace with the ends of his mustache
turned upward in fan-shape style.
. "Who did it?" inquired the Emperor.
"Haby, a barber on Behren strasse,"
was the reply.
"I wonder if he could fix mine that
way?"
"I have no doubt, your Majesty."
"Send him to me," said the Kaiser, and
on the following day all Berlin was ex
cited over a startling change in the facial
aspect of . the sovereign. Haby became
famous, like the gourd that grew in a
night, and everybody followed the new
fashion, from the field marshals of the
army to the laborers on the highways.
Ninety per cent of the male population of
Germany endeavored to turn their mus
taches so that they would point to the
stars like the horns of a Texas steer.
Haby made the most of his opportunities.
He enlarged his shop, which is in the cen
ter of the cafe district, and hired a dozen
additional barbers, whose chief business
was to train the mustaches of military
men. Haby himself spent most of his
time with his imperial patron, accompa
nying him upon all his journeys, because
to properly train a mustache in the way
it should go requires assiduous attention.
He accompanied the imperial party to the
Holy Land and visited England, Russia,
Austria and Constantinople in the impe
rial retinue. He received several decora
tions which made him dizzy, and when he
got the "big head"- the Emperor dismissed
him. Haby is still living upon his former
glory and his mustache "a l'empereur"
still survives. He has adopted it as a
trademark, and the motto upon his es
cutcheon, as it were, Is the remark made
by his imperial master when' he arose
from the barber's chair and looked in the
glass: . ■ •
"Es 1st erreicht" ("It is accomplished").
All the barbers In Germany have since
learned, the trick, . even three' patronized
by the laboring classes, where one can get
a shave for only 2% cents, but tourists
always go to Haby's Just as they visit the
palace at Potsdam or the art gallery.
INTEMPERANCE IN OUR. OWN
COUNTRY AND IN EUROPE
The United States Ranks Lowest Per
Capita in Use of Wine and
Spirits.
The good people who are rather inclined
to indulge in horrifying statistics con
cerning the bibulousness of their fellow
Americans would do well to study some
figures recently given out by the British
Board of Trade. Like all similar exhibits,
this one is but approximate, of course,
although the distinguished source whence
it emanates is a guaranty of its substan
tial accuracy. It gives the annual per
capita consumption, of intoxicating bever
ages by the four leading nations, reckoned
in gallons, as follows:
Wine. Beer. Spirits.
United Kingdom 30 31.7 1.12
France 24.04 6.2 2.02
Germany 1.45 27.5 1.&4
United States 33 13.3 ' LOG
It thus appears that as a people the
Americans compare very favorably In
temperance matters with the people of
Europe. We drink less wine than any
one of the other nations appearing in the
table and in none of them save France is
the consumption of beer as small as with
us. But Franc© drinks 24.04 gallons of
wine per capita to our paltry .33 gallon.
Placing wine and beer in the same cate
gory our showing from a temperance
standpoint becomes very favorable, being
only 13.63 gallons, as compared with 30.24
gallons in France.
It has been persistently asserted by peo
ple of all shades of temperance .views that
it is in the matter of strong drinks that
the American is the chief sinner, and yet
the statistics show that more spirits are
consumed per capita by England, Frajice
and Germany than in the United States,
and it must be remembered that it is a
conservative English authority that
places England at the head of the list
and this country at the bottom. But per
haps the whole truth appeals more vividly
to the eye when the per capita consump
tion of all classes of liquors is summar
ized as .follows: * ,*v-
United Kingdom 83.21 gala
France S3.8 gals!
Germany so.89 gals.
United States 14.69 gata
It is not exactly reassuring to know
that we drink an amount of liquor in this
country equal to over fourteen gallons
every year for each of the population, but
certainly there is reason for congratula
tion In the fact that this is less than
half of what is used in either England,
France or Germany.
OUR VOTING POPULATION"
AND MILITIA STRENGTH
Census Shows That One Man Out of
Every Three Refrained From.
Voting in 1900.
The population report issued by the
Census Bureau shows that there are in
the United States and Territories 21,320 819
males of voting age. Of militia age tje
number is some 5,000,000 less.
This does not mean that over 16 000 000
citizens of the United States are capable
of bearing arms. Probably not over two
thirds of the men in this country be
tween 18 and 45 years old would pass a
surgeon's examination in a recruiting or
draft office. But even 10,000,000 men would
form a safe army of defense if the coun
try should be attacked from any quarter
or from all quarters at once.
While the males of yoting age In the
country number over 21,000,000, there w*>re
but 14,000,000 votes cast at the Presidential
election of 1900. The voting populatioa of
the Territories, which do not participate
in a Presidential election, is not over ''00
000. So it appears that only about a two
thirds vote was cast.
Only 14,000,000 out of 21,000,000 voters
went to the polls, leaving 7,000,000 non
voters among the population of votuur
age. The suppressed colored vote at th-«
South may amount to 1.500.000 or 2.000 iX>0_^
probably not as much as the larger num
ber. Allowance is also to be made for un
naturalized aliens and the Chinese over 21
years old. But with all these deductions
it is evident that 4,000,000 or 5.000.000 citi
zens of the United States of voting &kb
and qualified by law do not go to the
polls. ' •;' I
"FITZ" MAY MEET
JEFFRIES HERE
NEXT FEBRUARY
Australian Boxer Is Said to
Have Given His Promise
to Again Enter the Ring
President Kennedy of Twen
tieth Century Club the Man
Who Controls the Big Match
Manager "Jack" Gleason of the Twen
tieth Century Athletic Club has received
word from President J. C. Kennedy
which insures that organization's contin
uance in the boxing game next season.
More than that, it seems assured Cham
pion Jeffries will again be seen in the
ring here in February and that the man
who will oppose him will be Robert Fltz
simmons, it being asserted that the latter
has promised to enter the ring again.
"Fitz" and Kennedy are frxenas of long
standing and the boxer has before this
placed bis fighting engagements In the
hands of the rotund manager, In
whom "Fitz" has implicit confidence.
The ex-champion was to have received
$40,000 once for a fight with "Jim" Hall-
All he got out of it was $4000, and he has
been overcautious since then in bis deal
ings with fight-promoting clubs.
"Fitz" has repeatedly said he was out
of the game, and the developments of the
next few weeks will be watched with in
terest Jeffries is due in New York, and
once he arrives the air will probably ba
full of flgto talk.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
match Gardner and Root next month it
its license is renewed. Both men have
expressed themselves as anxious for tha
meeting and It will be a pleasure to Alex
Greggains to accommodate them.
Art Simms, the lightweight, is expected
back next month and may fight "Jimmy"
Britt before the Acme Club, Oakland.
HEAI, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Christine E. Rapetti (single) Emllle Carralno
(Rapettl), undivided one-half interest In lot on
S line of O'Farrell street. 110 W of Gough,
W 37:6 by S 137:6; gift.
Christine — . Rapetti and Emille Carralaa
(Rapettl) to Leonle Rapetti, undivided one*
third life interest (rents, etc.) In same; gift.
James J. and Johanna Manseau to W. W.
Chase and Walter Frear (trustees John Vernon
Kimball), lot on SW corner of Eddy and Scott
streets. S 62:8 by W 100; $10.
Emille PfafC to Catherine Brannan, com
mencing 1S7:G E of Baker street and 127:S!4
N of Sacramento. 13 5 by N 0:9%, quitclaim
deed- $1.
William M. and Emily C. Wilson to same,
commencing 192:6 _ of Baker street and
127:8^4 N of Sacramento, _ 25 by N OiO^.
quitclaim deed; $1.
Catherine Brannan (widow) to Jennie Cla
brougrh. lot on S line of Clay street, 1S7:B _
of Baker, E 30 by S 127:8'.4; $10.
Emma V. and A. J. Raisch to Ida II. Morse
(wife of George E.), lot on N line of Fell
street. 106:3 E of Central avenue (.Lott street).
E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Mary I. Parkinson to Matthew Shaw, lot on
N line of Waller street, 134 :7 ft E ol Shrader,
E 25 by N 100; $10.
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Erastus Wood
ruff, lot on S line of Carl street, 132:6 "VV of
Stanyan. \V 25 by S 137:6; $10.
R. W. Garrett to Eliza C. Garrett, lot on
S line of Elizabeth street, 50 E of Vlcksburjf,
E 25 by S 114; also lot on N line of Twenty
fourth street. 75 W of Church, W 25 by N
114; also all interest in lot on X line of Union
street, 197:6 W at Leavenworth. N 63 :» by
W 17:6; gift.
Margaret A. HcEvoy (single) to Julianna
Wahl. lot on W line of Guerrero street, 155 8
of Fifteenth. S 25 by W 100; $10.
George S. and Ollie E. Crim to Xathan Abra
ham, lot on N line of Twenty-second, 75 W of
Bryant. W 25 by N 100; $10.
William E. Moore to Peter Coleman, lot on
W line of Capp street, 111:3 S of Twenty
fourth. X 1S:9 by W 80; $10.
Honora Hlester to Marguerite H. Higgina,
lot on W line of Eureka street, 112 S of Nine
teenth. S 37 by W 125; gift.
J. J. Rauer (and as administrator estate of
John (or Patrick) McAndrews), Charles G.
Heber, Annie J. McS. i'Heber (aicAndrewa),
Ellen McAndrews (insane), Philip and Eliza
McAndrews (by John Lackmar.n, Sheriff) to
F. C. Clark, lot on E line of Midway, 83:6 3
of Bay. S 23:7 by E 91:8; also lot en E Una
of Midway, 113:1 S of Bay. S 23:7 by E 81:6;
$1450.
Margaret Wheeland to Peter Martina, lot on
W Una of Le Roy place. 137 :t> N of Sacra
mento street, N 23:6 by W 07 :G; $10.
Adeline M. Hayes to Maude A. Hayes, lot
on E line of Randall place, 110:6 N of Green
wich street, N 27 by E 56; gift.
Alicia G. and Ellsa C. Ovledo to George I*
Sickels, lot on NW line of Folsom street, 500
SW of Fifth, SW 25 by NW 85; $10.
Marianne M. Ashton to John E. Sharp, lot
on S corner of Berry and Fifth streets. SW
137:6 by SE 275; also lot on E corner of Town
send and Sixth streets. S 137:6 by NE 137:6
(quitclaim deed); $20O.
John E. Sharp to Union Feed Company. Lim
ited (corporation), lot on S corner of Fifth and
Berry streets, SW 91:8 by SE 275; $5.
James F. Duane to Margaret E. French, lot
on SE line of Natoma street. 200 SW of Sixth.
SW _> by SB 75; gift.
James and Matilda Feltelberg to Frank
Murphy, lot on NE line of Eighth street. 137:8
SE of Howard. SE 27:6 by NE 137:«i; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Frank V.
Veasey, lot on W line of Twentieth avenue.
100 N of Caliofrnia street, N 25 by W 120;
also lot on E line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 23S
N of Lake street. N 2« by E 120; $0SO.
J. A. and Elizabeth Miller to J. J. Rauer.
lot on E line of Forty-fourth avenue, 100 3
of N street. S 100 by E 120; $10.
Zacharlas and Catharine Schmidt to Edwina
A. Schmidt, lot on E hne of Ninth avenue, 200
S of N street. S 50 by E 120; $5, gift.
Jean Marie Escloses to Carolina Lagger
(wife of Ernest), lot on SE line of Edlnburg
street, 125 SW of Brazil. SW 50 by SE 10O.
block 46, Excelsior Homestead (to correct 1927
D. 247); $10.
Noel May to Ann Smart, lot 1501, girt map
3; also lots 313 and 314, gift map 4: $25.
John H. Campbell to Thomas Ross Cooley.
all interest In estate of Charles Lux; $10.
Charles R. Bishop to William Eisenberg, lot
on S corner of Sixteenth avenue and L street
SE 75 by SW 100. lot 8. block 328. South San
Francisco Homestead; also lot on N corner of
Sixteenth avenue. 75 NW of K street. NW 75
by NE 100. lot 15. block 300. South San Fran-
Cisco Homestead and Railroad Association' $10
Guy T. Wayman vs. L. H. Sly (by John H
Speck, referee) to L. H. Sly, lot on S line
of Turk street, 137:6 W of Larkin, W 137:6
by S 137:6; $30,000.
Guy T. Wayman to same, same; $10,
Perry B. Brown to Annie J. Brown, Jot on
W line of Larkin street. 203:3ft S of Green
wich, S 26:3% by W 1 00; gift.
Estate of Andrew Kelson, tby Elizabeth Nel
son, executrix) to I. Schwartz, undivided '^ of
lot on E line of Van Ness avenue, 50 N of
Bush street N 70, E 126:0, S 120, W 31:9 N
50 W 05; $20,000.
Elizabeth Nelson to same, all same auit
claim deed; $10.
Caroline J., Harry W. and Charles M. Good
all, Flora A. Bland and Serena T Keil to
same, undivided same; $10.
Christina L. Purlenky (wife of George) to
Eugene C. Creller. lot on N Hne of Oak street
110 E of Octavla. E 27:6 by N 120; $10.
Estate of Albert S. Rosenbaum (by Joseph
and Max J. Brandensteln, trustees), Sarah 3.
or Sarah Rodgera, Joseph Brandenstein. Vir
ginia and Julia Strassburger. Samuel M
Charles W. and Albert M. Rosenbaum to Irv
ing M. Scott Jr., lot on N line of Vallojo
street, 205 E of Pierce, E 30 by N 137:6; $2250.
James H. and Catherine T. Cain to Alexan
dria E. Davis, lot on W line of Scott street
137:6 S of McAllister. S 35:6 by W 125: $1O. '
Guy E. and Harriet R. Manning to Sarah R
Cowgill (wife of Lewis), lot on W lin« of
Spruce street, 100 N of Clay, N 27:SU by AV
137:6; $10.
John and Luna Stierlen to Daniel D. and
Annie M. Lowney. lot on E line of Masonic
avenue. 73 M of Frederick street. N 23 by E
04: $10. y
HIbernia Savings and Loan Society to Ed
mond D. Keeffe. lot on S line of Clinton Park
1S7:6 W of Guerrero street. W 25 by S 75
$1300. ,;
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. M. McArthur (owner) with J. C. John
ston and A. I*. Davis (contractors), architects
Copeland & Pierce — All altprationa and addi
tions to a two-story frame buildin? on S Hns
of Twenty-third street, between Chattanooga
and Dolores. No. 37 »3; $2100.
W. B. Bourn (owner) with City Street Tm
provemont Company (contractors), architect
Albert Sutton — Excavating and pillnR for
buildinr on SW line of East street, Ol •« M\y
of Mission. NW 45:10 by S"W 137:6; *74SQ
Charles Carpy (owner) with R. Ki<* e <roi
tractor). architects William Moos?r ft Son--
Sewerinff. plumbing ami K as fitting for altera
tions and additions to three frame hu!HlnRs on
R line of Oeary street, 137:6 TV of Stockton W
53 by S 137:6; $3208. ■
Herbert B. Law (ownrr> with K.lwnrrf F
and Foster Mllliken (Mllllken Bros.) of New
York (contractors), architect Fred H. Afeyer—
Structural steel frame work for an el^ht-story
and basement fireproof building on S corrnir of
Mission and New Montjromerv streets soiuth.
SW J»S:3. NW RO, SMV 11:2, NW SO, NE 109:10.
SE 160: 863.180.
56
SATURDAY .DECEMBER 28, 1901 j
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Propriptor.
£f£res> All Toicccaicttioni '.» W. 3. tEAEE. !f»rv;j?.
MAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone rics* 204
PCDL.ICATIOX OKFICI3.. .MnrUet nnd Third, S. F.'
Telephone I*ress 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»r Cnprler», 15 Cfutm Per Wc*t.
Single CopJcu. S Cents".
Terms by Blail. Including Tostngret
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), cne year $8.00
r>AILT CALL (Including; Sunday). C i- snths 3.00
I3AILY CALL Oncludine Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65 =
FUN'DAY CALL. One Year 1 - 50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year •• 10 °
All postmaster* are antlioriied to receive
sabxcriptionii.
Eunple copies win be iorwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber? In crderiic change of address should be
particular to cive both XEW AND OLD ADDRESS In. order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KltOG\ESS.
Kasiger Fereign Acrtrtisizp. JC*rquett» Bulging, Ci;e»-p.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2G1&.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C- C. CAKLTOX. Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPIIEX B. SMITH «O Tribune Building;
XKW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Erentano, 21 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: •
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D- C.) OFFICE 1400 « St.. N. VJT.
MORTON U. CRANK. Correspondent.
IIRAXCn OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 5C0 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C31
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkin, open until
S:39 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. :£61 Harket.
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 109C Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Tvrenty-second ana Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
ZSW PlUmore. open until 9 |i m. .^____^^^__
jLM.USE:ELE2>iT&.
Central— "The Silver Kins."
Alvaizar — "Charley's Aunt."
Columbia — "Janice Meredith."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Gracd Opera-house — "Carmen."
Calif' "-nia — "Devil's Auction."
Tivoll— "Little Red Hiding Hood."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon nnd
evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Easeball.
Central Park — Vasco Bail Game.
Oakland Racetrack — Kaces to-day.
A DEPARTMENT OF MINES
A BILL for an act creating the pepartment of
Mines and Mining, and providing for a Sec
retary thereof who shall be a member of the
Cabinet, has been introduced in the House by Hon.
S. D. Woods of this State. The number of this bill
is House file Xo. 7195, and those who address mem
bers in its behalf should refer to it by that number.
The bill provides for a Secretary of Mines and an
Assistant Secretary, both of course to be appointed
by the President. The bill transfers to the new de
partment all existing scientific bureaus which relate
to the subject of mining, including in terms the
Geological Surve3-, which now has no logical loca
tion in any existing department of the Government.
A special bureau is created to acquire and dissemi
nate special, practjeal information on the subject of
mining, and the director of the Geological Survey is
made the head thereof.
The jurisdiction, control and management of all
mineral lauds is transferred to the new depart
ment from the Department of the Interior, and all
legal matters pertaining thereto follow this transfer.
Patents to mineral lands will come through the Sec
retary of Mines, which will be a great improvement
in view of the provoking delays in issuing such
patents by the General Land Office.
The Call has long advocated the creation of such
a department and Cabinet office, and gives to this bill
its influence and support, in the belief that it is a step
forward for the West which carries with it the whole
country.
The United States has the greatest variety of valu
able metals and minerals found associated in any
part of the world. We have hitherto called the roll
of these as found in California alone. The annual
value yielded by American mines is so stupendous as
to invite every encouragement of the industry which
produces it. In i860 we exported only $999,465 of
the products of our mines. In 1900 that export had
risen to $37,843,742. Only Louisiana, Oklahoma and
the District of Columbia are reported as having no
mines or quarries. The product of the mines of the
country for 1900 was $1,291,291,579. This value at
the mine expands almost immeasurably in the case
of copper, iron and other metals as they pass through
the various processes which adapt them to use.
No other country has such wealth in its mines and
quarries, and no other country gives as little protec
tion and encouragement to mining. Mr. Woods' bill
proposes to do tardy justice to this great interest
and should become a law before this session closes.
It is noted that although Charles Emory Smith has
long been a live newspaper man he did not let his
paper have a scoop on the news of his resignation
of the Postmaster Generalship. It is believed that
his conduct in that regard is the finest exhibition of
official conscience ever made in Washington.
With a surplus in the treasury, a surplus in the
balance of trade and a surplus of revenue, Uncle Sam
can hardly be expected to watch the boys in Co;i
gress too closely when they make up the appro
priation bills this winter.
if the committee appointed by the New York con
ference does one-half as much good as its sanguine
supporters predict in the direction of settling dis
putes between labor. and capital, we will count it as
the best gift the Christmas season has brought us.
Having paid the bill for damages due to Ameri
cans, the Sultan of Turkey has ordered all naturalized
Americans to leave his dominions; not, it seems,
with any intention of getting even this time, but to
avoid damages in the future.' _•.
Now that the Pan-American convention has agreed
to co-operate with The Hague court in arranging
for international arbitration, the thing may be re
garded as having settled itself for a good quiet time.
Schley has not suffered much from the decision of
, the court of inquiry, but he got a bad blow when •
Boss Croker suggested he would be a good man
for Tammany to taice up as a Presidential candidate.
OUR FRUIT FIGURES.
. ■ ■ . : -
CALIFORNIANS who travel have noted that
in the Eastern "States nearly every town of
2000 inhabitants upward to the great cities
has its '"California fruit store." As the towns get
larger the number of such stores increases, in some
cases being numbered like national banks. In the
great cities are many elegant places under that sign,'
where our fruit of 'all kinds is repacked in such, a
way as to exhibit to best advantage its form . and
color. In this holiday time our grapes, the white
and black cornichon, the great queen and the Tokay,
may be seen arranged together in baskets so as best
to display their contrasting colors and looking de
licious enough to tempt an anchorite. '
The universality of the name of California over
fruit stores means that we have captured the domes
tic market and made every Eastern dealer our adver
tising agent. It means that we are without a rival
in the production of fruit and that we need not fear
a failure of the market if we practice commercial
honor in furnishing the supply. It means also that
our railway lines must be admonished by the unfor
tunate experiences of last season, which are now,
being repeated, and must be equipped to carry this
crop promptly, quickly and in good condition from
the producer to the consumer. Surely it is odious
that the Eastern holiday market shall be reaching
for our fine oranges which arc rotting under the
trees for lack of cars to carry them! The railroads
must expect to prepare for the moving of this fruit
crop, which is going to market every month in the
year, just as Eastern roads equip themselves to move
the grain and coal and iron of the States which. pro-
duce them.
Wc have heretofore used the excellent report of
General Chipman. president of the State Board of
Trade, to show the variety and value of our fruit
crop. This information is now supplemented by
bulletin No. 23 of the miscellaneous service of the
Agricultural Department, prepared by Statistician
Holmes, a field agent of the bureau. He has visited
every county in California and laboriously collected
statistics that may not be found collated elsewhere
than in his report. He reports that in 1900 there were
in the State 16,192,876 bearing fruit trees and 13,209,
411 non-bearing, in new orchards, making a total of
trees, occupying 452,252 acres.
I Of the total number 8,072.843 were prune trees.
1 5.521,967 teach. 3,652,454 orange, 2,744.910 apricot
land 2.162,740 olive.
I There were 216,066 fig trees and 905.742 lemon,
24,460 pomelo, 1,603.485 almond and 535,/6i walnut.
Grapes occupy the greatest area, I57»ooo acres, and
prunes are next with 104,666 acres; peaches are third
with 80,029 acres, and the orange fourth with 52,
934 acres.
Mr. Holmes is not only a statistician, but a horti
culturist a? well, and his report shows that while he
counted trees and vines and acres he closely observed
physical conditions in the light of their adaptation to
the various fruits. Of the citrus fruits, including the
orange, lemon, lime and pomelo, he says: "Much
of the land of the State is adapted to the cultivation
of citrus fruit, and while by far the greater portion of
the commercial crop of the State is at present grown
in Southern California, fruit of this character can be
safely and profitably grown all along the foothills of
the Sierra Nevada Mountains, from San Diego to
Tehama County, a distance of over 700 miles. This,
area is a thermal belt, and varies in width from three
to thirty miles. The mean summer temperature in
this belt is higher in the northern than the southern
part, and in the winter is higher in the southern
than the northern. The mean temperature for the
entire year, however, does not vary more than four
degrees throughout the whole belt."
Here we have the first official statement of the
physical reason for the fact that the Northern Cali
fornia oranges, grown almost in the latitude of Chi
cago, ripen and "go into market two months earlier
than the Southern California crop. It is because of
the greater heat in the summer, when the fruit is
growing and maturing. This also accounts for the
greater earliness of all stone fruits in Northern Cali
fornia.
Dealing with the distribution of the fruit trees, he
reports that in 1898 Northern California had of all
kinds, bearing and non-bearing, 19,171,506 and
Southern California 8,367,193. Of the bearing trees
Northern California had 77.3 per cent and Southern
California 22.7 per cent. The non-bearing trees wef$
more equally distributed, the north having 57.2 per
cent and the south 48.8 per cent, showing that plan
tations are being extended in Southern
and new land is being brought into actiptv fcf<VJ
He finds that in 1900 there were .87,990 tons of
green fruit shipped out of the State' fcom, Northern
and 198 tons from Southern California Northern
California also shipped 164,795 tons ,of, dried and
canned fruits and raisins, against 10,235' tons ' from
the south. But in citrus fruits proportions . are re
versed, Southern California shipping .218,183. tons,
against 8273 tons from the north. ; 'The total ,ship
ments of all kinds stood, according to Mr. Holmes,
at 261,058 tons from Northern California and 228,418
tons from the south, making the magnificent total
for the whole State of 489,476 tons- of fruit, the
product of 452,252 acres, or, more strictly' speaking,
of 16,192,876 trees, since the above acreage, was also
occupied by 13,209,411 non-bearing young trees. The
bearing trees being 55 per cent of the whole, the
bearing acreage was also 55 per cent, so that 248,738
acres produced 489,476 tons of fruit of all kinds and
conditions for export to a market outside the State,
or one ton and eight-tenths of a ton per acre. This
of course is in addition to our very large home con
sumption. This is a land of fruit and flowers, and
Californians cat the one and wear the other in
greater abundance than any other people, so it is
quite safe to put the fruit yield at-2j^ tons per acre.
It is a great industry and needs more and more
every, year the study and attention ; of those who
handle the commercial end of it. The producer is
already learned in horticulture, which here rises to
the rank of a learned profession.
AMERICA TO EUROPE.
DURING a single week preceding Christmas
three trans-Atlantic steamers that left New
York for Europe carried with them 102,265*
postal money orders, having an aggregate value of
$1,888,349. It is believed that the most of the money
was intended as Christmas gifts. In addition to the
postal. orders there were an unusually large number
of registered mail parcels carried by the same steam
ers. A single one of them, the Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse, carried no less than 20,120 registered pieces.
As many of the registered parcels and letters also car
ried Christmas gifts to the old country, it will be seen
that America's remembrance of Europe kept Santa
• Claus busy over there before he crossed the ocean to
our own shores. ''i'-lvH
A detailed statement of the postal orders of. the
THE SAN ..-FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 19O1.
week shows that of the total amount of money sent
to Europe $556,000 went to Great Britain and Ireland,
$216,000 to Germany, $110,000 to Sweden, $70,000 to
Italy, $42 000 to Russia, $38,000 to Hungary, $32,000
to Norway, $23,000 to Switzerland, $19,000 to France,
$16,000 to Denmark, $8500 to Belgium and the Neth
erlands and $230 apiece to Egypt and Portugal.. The
Italian orders averaged highest, namely, $25 68 each,
and the Danish and Dutch the least— $9 05 and $9 80.
Of course the postal orders and registered letters
"and packages do not by any means represent all the
Christmas cheer that went from us to Europe in the
shape of 'valuable gifts. The postoffice carries money
only when sent in comparatively small sums. When
the amount exceeds fifty dollars it is nearly always
sent through the banks instead of through the post
office. Consequently it is probable that most of the
money in those 102,265 orders, averaging as they did
but $11 62 each,, was sent by people of comparatively
small incomes and did not include any of the gifts
which the more prosperous , and richer Americans
sent to their friends and relatives across the sea.
Uncle Sam, then, has been a veritable rich uncle
for the boys and girls and old folks across the ocean.
■He- lias-given liberally to make -Christmas gay for
them and profitable for their traders in Christmas
goods. Fortunately he is rich enough- to stand the
strain, and besides he has the satisfaction of knowing
that the balance of trade in his favor will bring him '
his money back again and more with it long before
the coming of next Christmas, when he will once
more help to fill the European, stocking.
- . -
CUBA'S first -political campaign as a free coun
try does not augur well for the future^ ' It
has already reached a stage that would re
sult in war were not the United States troops present
in sufficient force to prevent an outbreak. As it is
one of the contending parties has announced an in
tention to withdraw its candidates and take no part in
the. election. The reason, assigned for the action is
that the control of the election machinery is in the
hands of the other party and that the candidates of
that party will be counted, in no matter what the
popular vofe may be. •
General Maso and his party undertook to contest,
the election of Palma on the ground that Palma does
not truly represent the aspirations of the Cuban
people for complete independence. He is accused of
being too friendly and too: submissive to the United
States. The cry of the Maso men was for "no in
terference." Scarcely had ; they got their campaign
-.veil launched, however, when they discovered that
all the members of the board of scrutiny were sup
porters of Palma. Thereupon they at once ceased
clamoring against American interference and set
about trying to obtain such interference on their
behalf.
In one of the Maso memorials to General Wood it
is stated that the Palma men, not content with
placing their supporters in control of the election
boards, so manipulated the list of persons eligible as
senatorial electors as to prevent the Maso party from
getting suitable candidates for that office. In de
scribing what has occurred in Havana as an illustra
tion, the statement of the Maso memorial alleges
that out of a list of 240 of the heaviest taxpayers
made by the Ayiintamiento, from among whom the
parties have to select candidates for senatorial elect
ors, twenty- five are dead and eighty are foreigners.
A number of the most prominent and wealthy Cu
bans are not included in the list, while the names of
a number of bankrupts . appear. • Many persons
named in the list cannot be identified owing to th,e
incomplete way their names are inscribed.
The offenses charged in the Havana district are said
to be typical of what has beqn committed in the way
of political chicanery throughout the island, and the
United States authorities have been asked to investi
gate them. Any investigation, however, would ne
cessarily entail an interference with the election, and
that is just what the United States intends to avoid.
However, we gain nothing by refusing to interfere,
for the Maso party, finding that we will not help
them, have turned upon us and denounce our Gov
ernment for assisting Palma.
At a recent meeting of the Maso leaders there was
adopted a resolution declaring: "The central board
is a coalition of partisans, and that General Maso,
after exhausting every means to insure impartiality,
rectitude and justice at the coming elections, has be
come convinced that neither in official circles in the
United States nor in Cuba does the intention exist
to see that the elections are carried out with suffi
cient legality to reflect the real wish of the Cubans,
who are desirous of independence and anxious to
elect freely their first constitutional government."
The resolution has been approved by the Maso or
gans. One of them applauds the withdrawal of the
party candidates and says that without the guaran
tees demanded of Secretary Root the election will be
a farce and "a falsification of the will of the people."
It adds: "The Maso coalition should, .not lend
themselves to the betrayal of the public will, and
should not co-operate in a policy which tends to lay
the foundation of the republic in gigantic fraud."
Such being the relations between the two parties
it seems clear that nothing but fear of the. United
States prevents them from fighting. Should Palma
take office and the United States troops be withdrawn
a revolt of the Maso party seems almost certain to
follow. It will then be for the United States to de
cide whether to let the factions fight it out or estab
lish in the island an authority sufficient to keep the
peace permanently. *
A writer in the Westminster Gazette of London
in describing American cities says: "San Francisco
is a thing apart— the air of the Pacific seems to blow
different impulses on the people, and great and
glorious air, climate and scenery are there, bracing
with the breeziness of the West." Evidently that fel
low has been here.
What with storms off the coast of Washington and
Oregon, blizzards in the mountains and the lake
States, and zero weather along the Atlantic coast, it
appears that California is about the only place in the
Union where the people arc having real good times
in every sense of the phrase. • V
According to Argentine authorities Chile is the
Russia of South America. She always wishes every*
bit of territory that adjoins her own and keeps crowd
ing over on her neighbors until she. gets either the
territory or a fight.
«—
Maclay may make all the objection he pleases to
his summary dismissal from the payrolls of the navy,
but the fact 1 remains that he got his Christmas gift
in the same place the turkey got it.
It is said that Joseph Chamberlain is the most'
hated statesman in the world, but as' the people who
hate him do not vote in his district he is not
THE ELECTIONS IN CUBA.
CHICAGO POSTAL MAN
IS PRESIDENT'S DOUBLE
CHARLES G. WAHLGREN", ONE OF THE MAIL COLLECTORS IN THE
WINDY CITY," BEARS A VERY REMARKABLE RESEMBLANCE TO
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT, ESPECIALLY IN KHAKI UNIFORM.
<f t \ ■
GHARLES G. WAHLGREN of Chicago bears a striking: resemblance
to President Roosevelt, not only in the uniform shown in the picture,
but in citizen's dress also. WahlgTen is a mail collector in the downtown
district and has been in the postal service for fifteen years.
■ ■ The likeness between the President and "Wahlgren being so marked, in a spirit
■ of jest he put on the khaki uniform and sat for the picture, making the resem
blance between. the two more marked than ever. He ia a great admirer of the
President, and is about the same age, height and weight as the head of the nation.
■ . "W. G.Edens,. assistant superintendent of free delivery, claims the honor of
having "discovered" .the double of the President, and it was he who induced
."Wahlgren to have the picture made.
\
GROSVENOR SAYS CONGRESS WILL
TAKE CARE OF CHINESE EXCLUSION
Declares That Meetings, Committees and Traveling Hippo
dromes Are Simply So Much Nonsense.
When polling: members of Congress upon the Chinese exclusion act, The Call
addressed a letter among- others to Representative Grosvenor of Ohio, who in re
ply sums up the whole question and exposes the trickery of demagogues in this
emphatic and satisfactory way:
WASHINGTON, Dec 6, 1901.
Correspondent San Francisco Call, City:
Dear Sir: Replying to your favor of December 3, concerning Chinese exclu- *
slon, will say: I am in favor of the extension of the Chinese exclusion act, and
I do not know anybody in Congress who Is not, and I do not know anybody who
has not been in favor of it all the time, and this whole hullabaloo that has been
caused all over the country by a lot of meetings and committees and traveling
hippodromes Is to finally have it said, after it is all over, that "We did it," and
that "It was public pressure that did it." It is all simply so much nonsense.
Congress will take care of the question. There is no doubt about it, and never
has been any doubt about it, and there never was a time when ten members
of either house of Congress were not in favor of it. Yours truly,
C. II. GROSVENOR.
PERSONAL MENTION.
General Charles P. Eagan, U. S. A., re
tired, is at the Palace.
J. M. Hale, a drygoods merchant of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Grand.
A. J. Pillsbury, a newspaper publisher
of Tulare, is staying at the Grand.
S. Phillips, a merchant of Los Angeles,
is among the arrivals at the Grand.
John Cross, a railroad contractor of Los
Angeles, is among the arrivals at the PaJ
ace.
Raleigh Barcar, an attorney and news
paper publisher of Vacaville, is at the
Grand.
Judge Frank H. Short, the 'well known
attorney of Fresno, is registered at the
Palace.
Guy B. Barham, the well known youns
clubman of Los Angeles, is registered at
the Palace.
F. A. Autenreith, a merchant of Treka,
is here on a short business trip and i3
staying at the Grand.
C. N. Sterry, chief counsel of the Santa
Fe Railway lines west of Albuquerque,
is up from Los Angeles and is staying at
the Palace.
W. G. Kerckhoff, a lumber dealer of
Los Angeles, is up here on a short busi
ness trip and has made his headquarters
at the Palace.
\V. P. Price, acting auditor of the Pa
clfic Packing and Navigation Company, is
at the- Palace. He says that the salmon
industry has been prosperous this year
and the catch of fish has been as large as
in any year in recent times. He is visit
ing the company's properties all over the
coast. At present he is staying at the
Palace.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— The .following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco — S. J. Joseph, at the Herald
Square; Dr. W. Krafft, at the Navarre;
W_ Brarflhall, at. the Grand Union; C. B.
Critchlow, at the Broadway Central; E.
Emanuel, at the Savoy; C. A. Hitchcock,
at the Cosmopolitan; "W. Lowry, at the
Continental; F. B. Treadwell, at the
Astor, and Mrs. Van Duzen, at tho Bar
tholdl.
From Los Angeles — J. I* Hine, at the
Astor. T
Carnegie's Mite.
It Is related that on the last tour of
President McKinley in the South, An
drew Carnegie. was In the party, and all
wero askci to attend a negro church In
Thqmasville, Ga., "where a. very fervid
colored minister officiated. It Is said that
whenever a lull came in the services the
deacons took up a collection, but through
hospitable motives avoided passing the
box to the white visitors. The old pas
tor arose at last and preached a sermon
that was at the same time eloquent, ear
nest and ridiculous — preaching right at
the white folks, and his description of the
poverty of the church was so impressive
that when the deacons passed the con
tribution boxes around for the third time
Mr. Carnegie intercepted one and dropped
a $50 bill in the box. The boxes were
placed on the pulpit and the old preacher
counted their contents. When he had fin
ished he placed a handful of small change
on one side and a crisp greenback on the
other. Clearing his throat, he said:
"Breddern, we has been greatly blessed
by dish yer conterbution..' We has heah
fo' dollahs an' fo'ty cents dat is good, an'
if de nf ty-dollah/ bill put in by de white
gemmen wid de gray whiskers is also good
we, is blessed a whole lot moan," and he
looked suspiciously at the giver of libra
ries and campaign funds. ,
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
FIVE-DOLLAR PIECE — Subscriber
Port Costa, Cal. A five-dollar piece of
1S55 does not command a premium.
A BOOK— Subscriber, Newark, Cal The
novel asked for "may be had from any
first class book seller in San Francisco
PROFESSIONAL NURSE-L B X
Berkeley, Cal. There is a nurses' training
school in this city, at the Children's Hos
pital.
FARMING LITERATTJRE-R. H G
City. For information relative to liteni*
ture on the subject of practical farming in
California communicate with the Experi
mental Station, University of California
O ; 1 ! _____ o
0 — o
The Very latest Color Process
Eight Pages in Beautiful Colors
That are Pleasing to the Eye
MORE WOLFVILLE
MAJOR SAYRES' BATTERY
By Alfred Henry Lewis
Illustrated by Ed Borein, the Cowpuncher Artist
Mammy Pleasant, The Woman
By Isabelle Fraser L
TheReindeerQaeen of Alaska
Voyage of the Cordelia KeaSd
By Albert Dezendorf
Mary Mannering TaJks of Her
New P»ay L _%raustark"
I The Sunday Call Calendar for 1992
°~ : — ■ — . ■ ; °
The Sunday Call Has the Literary I
.-[ Magazine of the Coast. <
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
It Is perhaps a little too early to at
tempt any adequate reviev of the sale of
books for the season, but tiiere is an im
pression that this year ■will, after all.
compare very favorably witii last, and will
• Indeed prove the best that b^th publishers
! and booksellers have enjoyeil for a long
; time. ' \
Fiction, of course, is responsible for the
bulk of the trade, but it is worth noting
that there have- been really remarkably
■ largf* sales of biographical and historical
; works.
Publishers have not yet. of course, is
sued their spring lists, but from Inquiry
it would appear that numerous arrange
ments have been made.
There promises to be a very heavy out
put of fiction during the early moetha of
the new year. .
Rudyard Kipling will publish * new
book, which, it la said, he has decided
; not to serialize. Jf this means that suc
cessful authors are beginning to feel \hut
the serializing of books tends to injure -
their after sales it may be the beginning
of a rather important development.
Heinemann has secured a new book by
E. P. Benson, called "Scarlet and Hys
sop " two things which are associated in
the Bible with sin. The title, therefore,
suggests that Benson's book deals with
various forms of social wrongdoing.
The same firm will also issue a new
novel called "The Mystery of the Sea,'
by Bram Stoker, Sir Henry Irving's pop
ular manager. Stoker, as usual, has a
supernatural plot. The scene Is laid ia
Scotland, and the heroine is an Ameri
can.
Methuen will issue in the spring novels
by Mrs. L. T. Zade, Mrs. Everard Cotes,
MNs Adeline Sergeant, Cutliffe Hyne,
Benjamin Swift, Weatherby Chesney,
Robert Barr, Bernard Capes. Max Pem
berton and Arthur Morrison.
Messrs. Hutchison have arranged for
the publication, among others, of new
books by Frankfort Moore, "Rita," and
Miss Allen Raine, the Welsh writer,
whose book, "The Welsh Singer," la now
in its eleventh edition.
When Fisher Unwin's list comes out it
will be found to contain a story of. Prince
Rupert, by Charles Steuart, called "A
Lion's Whelp"; a story by Mrs. Alexan
der, called "The Yellow Fiend," and
"Mistress Barbara Cunliffe," by Halll
well Sutcliffe. In this last the writer will
be found to have abandoned for once hia
usual battfelields and? to tell a Yorkshire*
love tale of 1S30.
H: B. Wells is for the moment abandon
ing his scientlllc mood, and the novel on
which he is engaged, is a hjimorous study
of character. r • - -
It is not often that a woman well known
In the higher social World has created
any stir with a novel, with, perhaps, the
exception. . of Lady . Helen * I Craven and
Lady Ridley, but the Hon. Mrs. Walter
Forbes has earned a great deal of credit
with the novel she has written, callel
"Dumb." Society people are talking
about it on all aides.
Further details are forthcoming about
the "Book of Beauty," which was spokea
of a little while ago. Among the portraits
which will adorn its pages may be men
tioned a new one of Lady Warwick, the
Duchess of Sutherland, Mrs. Rupert
Becket, which is from a drawing by Laciy
Granby; Mrs. Fritz Ponsonby and Lady
Chesterfield, a copy of Constant's fine
portrait; the Princess Demidoff, Miss
Muriel Wilson, the Countess Torby, Lady
Carnarvon and the Duchess of Marlbor
ough. Altogether . there will te about
forty full page portraits as well . as min
iature sketches. -
Privately printed histories of families
tend to become excessively rare and ex
pensive, but few of them are likely to
touch the price that will be asked some
day for the "Chronicles of the Atholl and
Tullibardine Families, Collected and Ar
ranged by John the ' Seventh Duke of
Atholl, X. T., in. Four Volumes, Edin
burgh, Privately Printed at the Ballan
tyne Press. 1896."
There is no copy of the work— which
runs tc two thousand pages — in the Brit
ish Museum, though his Grace, who used
to be a constant visitor in the reading
room, got a good deal of information
there; nor is it believed there ia a copy
in any public library. The book must
have taken a mint of money to produce.
The Duke distributed it among hia ten
ants. . , _ '
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'a*
■ ♦ ■
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Tovrnsend'3. •
■ m »
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-,
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *AMUSEMENTS. I
f j
Curtain Klse? — Brcntosa. S:."^; Matinee*. 2:15.
MATING TO-DAY!
TO-NIGHT AND AI-L. NEXT WEKK
Holiday Mati-.e* Nev Years Day
Mary Mafiaering
JANICE MEREDITH.
SPECIAi- ANNOUNCEMENT!
Matinee Performance Thursday
Aftennoo-, January 2 Mary
Mnnncring En "CarniUc."
<'omin«— JTODJESICA AND JAMES.
* *T I W © IL S if
• —
n\T:.lnr* at S Sh*rp.
MATINEE SsATritDAY AND NEW TEARS
DAY at 2 Sharp.
"THE ni*T HOUPAY SHOW EVEU."
Ferris Hartr.:a;;s llerry Extra\-»xan = a.
Little Red
Hiding Hood!
IT HAS CHAttlflSD THE TOWN.
I'OPC.LAH PRICES— 25c. 5Oc and 75c.
Tp] edition? Bush $>.
MATIXEE TO-DAT (SATTRCAY). Dec. 2S.
Panjuet. 25c. any seat: KaJoony. lOc; Chil-
dren, any iwirt except reserved. Kto.
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
aiclntyre and Heath, Joe Welch,
Elizabeth Murray, W. C. Fields,
Union Gatling Guards, Macomber
and Engleton, the Serenaders and '
Les Agios.
MATTNEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"CARMEN."
New Tear's "Week. Beginning Monday Evening
Next,
Special Holiday Matinee New Year's Day
MINNIE SELIGfflAN
"A LADY OF QUALITY."
By Frances Hodcson Burnett and
Stephen Townsend.
POPULAR PRICES— 30c. 10c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c
LAST TIMES
MATINEE TO-DAT AND THIS EVENING.
Chas. 11. Yale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION.
20th Edition and the Best Ever.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
BLACK PATTI
TROUBADOURS.
This Tear Everything New.
Mats. New Tear's Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAT.
» tsKOtarriuui
MATINEE TO-DAT AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Evening — Last Times
Everybody's Favorite Play.
The Silver King
A Great Cast — A Sumptuous Production.
DDirCC Evenings lOc to 50c
rnIWL3 Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
.
Next "Week — Denman Thompson's Play,
"THE TWO SISTERS."
HLSrHHAT R Sf *A >
Belasco & Thall. Mgre. jSl^^j! z/tt
TO-NIGHT k-rfi Sunday s3r2^^
All Next Week ~jSk£A^5Ec?
Our Holiday Fun, i^^Yfji^
CKARLEY'vS &hI|§
"From Brazil, Where the ft» . \vfl < JL
A Laugh .i Minute for 2 fj^ffifaJg^g^^
Pi-Ices — 15. 25. S5, 60, TSc 4»»— ■———»•• ~*~
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
TO-DAT. SATURDAY. SUNDAY AND NEW
YEAR'S.
>%} ADMISSION 23c AND 50c.
ALL-AMERICANS
"VS.
SAN FRANCISCOS.
SUNDAY AT 2:3O.
RECREATION PARK,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
PTQPHITR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
riOLniin O Admission lOc
1'rof. A J. Topping, Eleanora Jenkins. Otto
T. JohnHon. Lamar sr-.d Hall.- Colenian and
Mesie. Elirabeth Nella. the Paloma. Quartet,
and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats, 25c.
Matinep Sunday and Christmas.
PALACE and [
GRAND HOTELS.
On cne side of tbese magnificent
hoteis is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
>. tail fitores. clubs, railroad and
' newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts or
the city— depots, ferries and parka-
pass tt»e entrance.
American and European plans.
MODOC MONEY
FAST FLEETING
County Officials Alarmed
at Lynching Cas6
Expenses.
One Witness Is Sent to Jail
for Refusal to
Testify.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
ALTURAS, Dec. 27.— Modoe County is
becoming alarmed at the rapidity with
which the general fund is disappearing
in consequence of the legal proceedings
in ths Lookout lynching case. Within
about two weeks the county may be
bankrupt. The coin is escaping at the
rate ot $2*30 a day for trial expenses, and
there is only $3000 now In the treasury.
In the Superior Court this morning A.
L. Colburn, the witness who has contin
ually refused to testify in the matter of
the Lookout lynching, was recalled by
the prosecution. He again refused to tes
tify and was committed to jail for live
days for contempt of court. E. L. Car
penter was put on the stand and stated
that he took the pistols which were in
troduced in evidence yesterday from
Frank Hall and Dan Yantis. The war
rant OH which Calvin Hull was arrested
was introduced in eviaer.ee by the de
fense and also the search warrant, which
was read to the jury by Haker for the
detente.
Carpenter was again on the stand- this
afternoon to testily regarding the war
rants. He stilted th.-it Martin Hall was
also known as Martin Wilson, and that
•Mary Hull and Alary Wilson were one
and the same person.
The court refused to allow the defense
to show that Hall was found In posses
sion of stolen property searched lor un
der warrant, and refused to allow witness
Carpenter to see a list of the stolen prop
erty which made part of the court rec
ords at Lookout.
,, The witness staled that when he ar
rested Martin Wilson he found him in
possession of stolen property identified
as belonging to other persons. He arrest
ed him on the charge of burglary the
first time. He detailed the circumstances
of the arrest of Hull and the others. He
stated that he was not accompanied by
the defendant Brown on any of the trips
he made in arresting the parties, but that
j Brown was his deputy and Shi Goyette
was appointed by him' to help guard the
prisoners In the hotel at lookout.
OLD-TIME EXECUTIONER
JRECEIVES FATAL INJURY
Henry Cline of San Bernardino, Who
Hanged Seventeen Men, Now
Dying-.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 27.— Henry
Cline, one of the best known characters
in San Bernardino, is lying at his home
in Rincon pick unto death. Several nights
ago Cline started from Chino to Rincon,
tho horses ran away and he was thrown
into a ditch. Since then he has been de
lirious.
Druing his life Henry Cline has acted
as executioner at seventeen hangings. In
the early days he occupied a prominent
position with all vigilance committees in
the south end of the State. The trap
springer nowadays hides in a secret room,
but Cline sprang the trap in plain view
of the spectators.
CONFERENCE OF STUDENTS
BEGINS IN PACIFIC GROVE
Representatives of Institutions in
Six States Gather at the Mon
terey County Town.
PACIFIC GROVE, Dec. 27.— The sixth
annual conference of Pacific Coast Stu
dents began In this city to-night under
the auspices of the international commit
tee of tne Young Men's Christian Associa
tion. About 150 students are in attend
ance, representing the colleges i and uni
versities of California, Oregon, Washing
ton, Idaho, Nevada and Utah.
The conference will continue two weeks
closing January 12, 1902.
Mother Accuses Two Men.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 27.— The condition of
William Gavin, who was shot on Christ
mas night, is more serious to-day, the
bullet not having been removed. This
afternoon a complaint was sworn to by
his mother charging Ed and John Ma
guire with assault to murder.
NEW ADVEKTISEMEirrS.
IT CUBED THE DOCTOR.
ITew Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
Recommended by a Physician.
Mrs. Mary C. Crawford, Oakesdale,
"Wash.: "Herpicide cured me perfectly
of dandruff and falling hair."
Dr. E. J. Beardsley, Champaign, 111.:
"I used Herpicide for dandruff and fall-
ing hair, and am well satisfied with the
result."
Alf. R. Kelly, 2195 Devisadero street,
San Francisco: "Herpicide put a new
growth of hair on my head. Herpicide
does more than is claimed."
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect"— dandruff, falling hair and finally
baldness. At all druggists.
Balsam I
i Promotes tne growtn of tbe Hair and I !
gives ltthe lustre and8llklnes30l youth. ; ',
Wnen tho hair Is gray or faded It <
BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. ! '
It prevents Dandruff and hair falling J '
and keeps Gio scalp clean and healthy, j!
AHUSKftTK'NTSJ
CHUTESj^TzoO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS FOR ALL THE
CHILDREN.
specialTo-night!
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK
COMMENCING TO-MORROW
ELLA BTJK.T
WILL COAST THE CHUTES OX A BICYCLE
Telephone for Beats — Park 23.
RACING
! --==|23i«£S»*85 s * Every Week Day—
?sr Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND. RACETRACK,
Race* start at 2:15 p. m. •harp.
Ferry-boats leave fc'an Francisco at 12 m. and
12: SO, 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping' at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trami via
O"kland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway. Oakland. These electric
cars ko direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:16 and
4-45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy. a»d Mgr.
THE SAiN~ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
BELLE OF SPOKANE'S SMART SET
ENGAGED TO PLAY AT ALCAZAR
Miss Eleanor Swenson, a Beautiful Society
Girl, to Make Her Appearance at the
Local Play House Within a Short Time
SOCIETY WOMAN OF SPOKANE, WASH., "WHO HAS ENTERED UPON
A THEATRICAL CAREER DESPITE PARENTAL OPPOSITION, AND
WHO WILL APPEAR WITH. THE ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY.
THE Alcazar Stock Company will soon
be greatly strengthened by the en
gagement of Miss Eleanor Swenson,
a beautiful Spokane belle, who will
make her debut in this city on the
evening of January 5. '
Miss Swenson is at present staying in
this city. She is here visiting friends
and intended leaving shortly to accept an
engagement with a leading Eastern the
atrical organization. Mr. Belasco heard
of her ability and engaged her to play
here. , , _.
The young lady is tall and graceful. She
GAME RESULTS
IN A TRAGEDY
Poker Players in Kern
County in Desperate
Battle.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 27.— As the result
of a dispute over a poker game in Ban
dattini's saloon at McKittrick shortly be
fore 1 o'clock this morning Bert Webb, a
prosperous blacksmith of that place and
formerly a 'driller for the Inter Nos Oil
Company, is lying dead at his home and
A. S. Brady, his slayer, said to be a gam
bler, is a fugitive from justice.
A number of men met in the saloon last
night and a poker game was started. The
play went on for some hours without in
terruption, until Brady and his victim en
tered into a dispute as to the, ownership
of a not. t
After an exchange of words Brady left
the saloon, taut soon returned with a re
peating shotgun and demanded a settle
ment. Those in the place, with the excep
tion of Webb, hurriedly made their es
cape. The latter closed with Brady and
attempted to gain possession of the
weapon, when Brady pulled the trigger.
The charge, after tearing away a goodly
portion of the victim's hand, entered the
neck and' breast. The principal blood ves
sels were cut and death soon followed.
Brady ran from the saloon and made
his escape in the darkness. Webb leaves
a wife. Sheriff Borgwardt left this morn
ing for the scene of the shooting. A de
termined effort will be made to locate the
murderer.
CONTROVERSY OVER LAND
MAY LEAD TO A FIGHT
Attempt to Take Possession of Prop-
erty Near Bakersfleld Opposed
by Employes.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 27.— According to
Information brought into this city from
Midway, serious trouble is threatened
there. Recently, it is said, men in the
employ of J. W. Jamison entered on the
land of the Producers' Guaranteed Com
pany, of which E. J. Boust is superinten
dent, and started to take possession. They
were driven off and will await the orders
of their employer, who is at present in
San Francisco.
The Producers' Guaranteed Company
has done, it is said, $35,000 worth of work
on the land and will bitterly contest any
attempt to take the property, which is
claimed by Boust by prior location. Mid
way was the scene of tho shooting of Cor
nell and Walker, and in which battle the
names of Boust and Jamison were promi
nently mentioned.
Santa Maria Valley Needs Bain.
SANTA MARIA, Dec. 27.— The farmers
in the Santa Maria Valley are consider
ably delayed with their seeding and plow
ing on account of the long dry spell. In
the Pacific Coast Railway Company's
warehouse are stored in the neighborhood
of 100,000 sacks of grain and beans, which
the farmers' intend holding for advanced
prices in case the coming season proves
to be a dry one, in which event no crops
can be harvested. This year's bean crop
is especially large and of fine quality.
Vice Principal Weds a Botanist.
MONTEREY, Dec. 27.— Miss Frances B.
Orton, vice principal >of the Monterey
Grammar School, was married yesterday
to J. R. Hickman, the well-known botan
ist. The marriage took place in Salinas,
the Rev. George McCormick, assisted by
the Rev. C. B t Pettis, officiating.
is pretty and has a great deal of histri
onic ability. Her home is in Spokane,
Wash. She was one of the leading soci
ety buds of that city. She comes of an
aristocratic family and her parents wero
greatly opposed to her entering upon a
stase career.
They were perfectly willing to allow
her to take part in amateur theatricals
for the benefit of deserving institutions.
Miss Swenson overcame her parents' op
position and has entered upon a brilliant
career. She not only has a pleasing stage
Presence, but possesses " all the accom
plishments that are necessary for success
in her chosen profession.
BLOOD STAINS
POINT TO CRIME
Evidence in an Old House
Probably Explains
Mystery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. c, Dec. 27.-The first
tangible items of evidence of- the supposed
murder in the mystifying case of the
missing Mrs. Powell were disclosed to re
ward the efforts of the searchers to-day
In the deserted bed chamber of a some
what dilapidated cottage perhaps a quar
ter of a mile from the Powell home Spe
cial Searcher Eppinger picked up a small
soft felt Fedora hat, just such a piece of
headwear as Mrs. Powell Is said by her
sister to have worn when she left the
house Thursday afternoon a- week aio
accompanied by the much-sought buyer
and seller of fpoul try stock. There are
w«« V 5 f\T op9 nd b I lotchea of congealed
blood on, the outer rim and the hat had
been crushed up in a dusty corner of the
deserted house.
The hat when shown to Powell, the hus
band of the missing woman wks# recog
nized by him as just like that which his
wife had worn. The hat with the tell-tale
blood stains is not the only item of evi
dence presented by this morning's search
however, for in an adjoining dwelling'
also empty for the past several months'
m a collection of spades, shovels axes
and similar working implements, a rusty
garaen sickle was picked up, its edge
darkened by a stain of blood, and adher
ing to it being a human hair, long and
severed apparently by the blow that had
darkened the blade with blood.
A curious circumstance in connection
with the finding of these artic^ej seem
ingly pointing directly to a terrible crime
is found in the fact that when the shack
was searched on Sunday last no such hai.
was there. The room in which it was this
morning found was littered then with
some scattered articles of a. child's aban
doned wardrobe.
Notable Veteran Goes to Yountville.
MONTEREY, Dec. 27.-P. K. Woodside,
a Mexican war veteran and formerly a
prominent attorney of this county, was
taken .this -week to the Veterans' Home
at Yountvjlle. Woodside came to Califor
nia with Stevenson's regiment and served
under both Stevenson and Fremont In
1848 he was appointed secretary' to
Thomas OP Larkin, the Last American
Consul located in Monterey, and in tha*
capacity wrote the first letter descriptive
of California which attracted general at
tention In "the States" and started tho
tide of immigration hither. Woodside is
76 years of age, having been born in
Washington, D. C, in 1825. •
Stockton Police Chief Resigns.
STOCKTON, Dec. 27.— Chief of. Police
Gall to-night resigned his office and will
leave January 1 to engage in the saloon
business in San Francisco. He has been
Chief of Police for four and a half years
His successor has not been selected and
it is said that the vacancy will not be
filled for several weeks, until a general
shaking up of the department, which has
been promised for some time.
-Inquest on a Collision Victim.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 27.— An inquest was
held in this city to-day by Coroner Eden
upon the body of George T. Treadway,
who was a waiter on the steamer San
Rafael on the night of the collision with
the Sausalito. The body floated ashore at
Fort Baker last Tuesday. Nothing new
was developed by the testimony given to
day. The Jury returned a verdict of death
by drowning. ■ .
BUYS A COFFIN
FEARING DEATH
Shasta County Farmer
Prepares for the
BJatal Day.
Redding Carpenter Carts the
Box Over the Moun
tains.
Special Dispatch to The Call.'
REDDING, Dec. 27.— Recently this com
munity was amazed to learn that Peter
Scherer, a pioneer and one time rich man
of Redding, had ordered his casket and
deposited a check in favor of the under
taker to cover funeral expenses.
Now the even more surprising an
nouncement is. made that W. Hudson, a
farmer of the Burgess section; . has pre
pared for his own interment even to the
extent of having his coffin made and
brought to his bedside and himself lifted
into it to See that it litted him exactly
as he wished.
Hudson is a man of 48 years, who owns
a good farm in the mountain meadow
lanito. where he resides with his wife and
children. He is an eccentric man, though
he has always been a thrifty one. For
some time he has been I bedridden with
rheumatic trouble. Ho fancies that he
will die during the winter. Heavy snow
isolates the district during the cold' sea
son and the resident Who dies then can
obtain no coflin from Redding.
So Hudson summoned the carpenter,
had his length and • breadth measured
with, u tape as he lay in bed and a coffin
made of pine. The carpenter was in
structed to return with the box as soon
as possible and assist Hudson to "try it
on." Its comfortable dimensions please
its future occupant and the coffin is stored
under the bed, awaiting the fatal winter
day. ; •
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Captain W. W. Reisinger Is Ordered
to Believe Captain Mead on
the Philadelphia. I
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— Postoffice
name changed: Washington — Scott, in
Klickitat County, is changed to Paterson,
with Henry Paterson as Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Isaiah McC. Hoalson, San Miguel; Annie
H. Cook, Hurleton. Oregon— Edgar A.
Taylor, Airlie; Harley C. Jones, Free
water; Warren R. Hall, Siletz; Frank C.
Burgholzer, Timber. Appointed: Califor
nia—Joseph E. Gooding, Barstow, San
Bernardino County, vice Leonard Good
ing, deceased; Martha Simonds, Hyde
Park, Los Angeles County, vice John
Coates, resigned; Etta M. Walker, Keyes,
Kern County, vice Caroline L. Wallace,
resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia, original— Michael Calnan, Genesee,
$6; Inman Lane, Visalia, $6; John W. Grif
fin, Los Angeles, $12; Ferdinand Kliem,
San Francisco, $6. Increase— Cyrus Brown,
Downey, $12. Widows — Martha J. Senter,
San Diego, $8.
Oregon: Increase— Edward Kopper,
Sandy, $12; Granville S. Wattson, Seap
nose, $12; John F. Bell, Yoncalla, $10.
Washington: Increase — Theophilus
Pugh, Little Falls, $12; Patrick Gubbin,
Tacoma, ?12. Widows— Mary E. Beck,
Elma. $8. '
Navy orders— Captain W. W. Reisinger
is to command the Philadelphia, relieving
Captain W. W. Mead, who, upon report
ing his relief, will proceed home and wait
for orders.
GRAND JURY CONDEMNS
PRACTICE OF OFFICIALS
Justices and Constables in Fresno
Criticized Because of Bills for
Services.
FRESNO, Dec. 27.— The Grand Jury em
bodied in its report to-day a severe criti
cism of several Justices and constables,
finding that in two townships the re
spective officers are "holding the office
for all they can make out of it." Con
demnation is also expressed for the
"floater" system. In the fifth township
the jury finds that prisoners are conveyed
to the County Jail by team, when the
service could be as expeditiously per
formed by rail at less than one-half the
cost. In the same township outi of 365
cases sentence had been suspended in
205, or in other words "floated" on to the
next town for the next constable and
Justice to enact the same farce over
again.
One hundred and sixty cases were com
mitted to the County Jail. No fines were
collected in any of these cases, and under
the present law the cost to the county
would be over $2000. In the fourth town
ship out of 501 cases looked into 418 were
either dismissed or "floaters" given.
From the remaining eighty-three $142 50
"was collected In fines, and the' constabls
and Justice charges would amount to
over $3000. The jury believes these prac
tices are all wrong and that these bill3
should be cut down to a reasonable
amount. ' "• •-,•■■ .
JTXDGE HUMPHREYS MAY
RETIRE FROM THE BENCH
Reports Are Circulated in Honolulu
That H« Has Sent His Resigna
tion to Washington:
I HONOLULU, Dec. ■ 20;— It :: is reported
here on good authority that- First Circuit
Judge A. S. Humphreys' is sending his
resignation to the Department of Justice
by this mail. This is said to have been
his intention for some time, .but he de
clines to state whether he means to re
sign or not. The Judge has been holding
court continuously since his return here
from Washington. His enemies continue
attacks upon him, and the Advertiser
publishes intimations that Attorney Gen
eral Knox and President Roosevelt havo
changed their opinion as to his case since
he was vindicated on the charges brought
by the Hawaiian Bar Association with a
view to having him removed.
PRINCE CUPID LEADS
THE HOME RULE PARTY
Constant ; Fire Is Being Kept Up
Against Governor Dole and His
Administration;
HONOLULU, Dec. 20.— Prince Cupid has
come to the front as a leader of the Home
Rule Republican party, and he is likely
to be the party's leader in the next cam
paign. The Home Rulers hold meetings
almost weekly and they keep up a con
stant fire against Governor Dole and the
"missionary" administration. The party
has called a mas3 meeting to be held in
Honolulu in the near future to indorsu
the remarks about Hawaii in President
Roosevelt's message. It has also been de
cided in the councils of the party to have
committee meetings to draft laws for
passage by the next Legislature, so that
the party will be ready when the law
makers meet again.
Sugar-Beet Growers Prosperous.
SANTA MARIA, Dec. 27.— The Union
Sugar Company of this place" has closed
its factory for this season and counts
this year. the best and most profitable in
its history. The company. Is planning ex
tensive improvements. One grower, from
100 acres of - beets, realized $7000, and at
the close of the season when the com
pany distributed prize money this same
grower received as his share $500. He
states that $15 per, acre covers the entire
cost of production. The factory ■ burns
oil, also a product of this valley.
Reinsurance Gamblers ' Lose.
HONOLULU, Dec. 20.— The ship Roa
noke left here yesterday for San Fran
cisco. Her departure and' safe arrival at
San Francisco will cost the reinsurances
gamblers there about $25,000 and will save
$125,000 to the men who played her to ar
rive, making $25,000 profit for them. The
board of survey here decided that the ves
sel, in spite of the damage caused to her
by fire, was able to proceed with 1000 tons
of her cargo of coal on board.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rs ■ — — —^
J ALWAYS ASK FOR
•LOOK AT THE bABEbS •
PURE-DELICSOUS-NUTR1TSOUS
I ESTABLISH ED I7QO j
WALTER BAKER & CO. Limited, i
I DORCHESTER, MASS. &<*>
I THREE GOLD MEDALS PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION
v ' _ • **
TEACHERS MAY
MAKE C HANGES
California Association
Has Important Work
in View.
■* Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Dec. 27.-Prepara
tions are about completed for the
convention of the California State Teach
ers' Association, which will open here
next Monday. A number of the promi
nent participants in the convention pro
gramme have already arrived and more
are expected to-morrow and ' Sunday.
Among those now on the ground are Su
perintendent Reginald Webster of San
Francisco and Superintendent J. W. Mc-
Clymonds of Oakland.
The coming convention is expected to
be of extraordinary importance to educa
tion in California and for many reasons
will be the most notable meeting ever
held by the association. There is a
movement on foot among some of the
prominent members looking to the adop
tion of a new constitution with a view to
making the association the center of edu
cational interest in the State.
The new plan will, if carried, change
the character of the association very ma
terially, doing away with its present
somewhat temporary character and put
ting it upon a more permanent basis. The
proposed constitution will be formulated
Oy the California Council of Education,
which meets here just prior to the open
ing of the convention, and will probably
be presented to the convention on New
Year's day. It is believed by those best
informed that the question will cause
debate and a lively time is expected, for
while the new idea is generally favored
many members of the organization be
lieve it to be for the best interests of the
association that it retain its present char-
Two other points will make the conven
tion a notable one— the presence of three
college presidents, Dr. E. Benjamin An
drews of the University of Nebraska, Dr.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the University
of California and Dr. David Starr Jordan
of Stanford University. Between 700 and
800 delegates are expected to attend the
convention. %
TUGBOAT CAPTAIN MUST
ANSWER FOB MANSLAUGHTER
Charge Made That His Failure to
II Bender Assistance Caused a
Man's Death.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 27.— Captain
Chris Ahues of the tug Vosburg was ar
rested to-day at Astoria by Deputy
United States Marshal Wood on a charge
of manslaughter.
Three weeks ago Captain Ahues had the
lumber barge C. H. Wheeler in tow for
San Francisco, and during a. storm off the
coast of Southwestern Oregon the
Wheeler broke her hawser and went
adrift. The tug Vosburg returned to As
toria without rendering any assistance to
the barge, on board of which were four
men. After drifting a week the Wheeler
went ashore off Yaquina Bay and the
cook, J. Cole' of San Francisco, was
drowned.
CHOPS VICTIM'S HEAD
WHILE TWO MEN HOLD HI 21
Cowardly Murder Is Committed by a
Japanese on the Canadian
Pacific Line.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 27.— A Jap
anese woodcutter was murdered last night
twenty miles up the Canadian Pacific line
from Vancouver. The Japanese was held
by- two fellow countrymen who had a
grudge against him while a third cut his
head open with an ax.
The latest development In the case is
the death of one of the men accused of
the crime from exposure all that night.
Both were tied to a stake in the open
weather. iV- :
Will Investigate an Epidemic.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 27.— Dr. \V. J.
Hanna of Sacramento, a member of the
State Board of Healths arrived here this
morning and later left for Randsburg,
where he has been called as an expert
to investigate the epidemic at that place,
which has been pronounceu smallpox by
Dr. Schafer, county physician, and skin
disease by other physicians. The decision
of . the visiting medical man is awaited
with a great deal of interest.
Charged With Stealing Jewelry.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 27.-H. R. Hall and
Bessie Hall were arraigned to-day on ths
charge of stealing jewelry from the trunk
of a guest at the Coronado Hotel while
it was in the Santa Fe aepot here two
weeks ago. Bessie Hall refused to an
swer questions in court and they wero
given till next Monday to plead.
Ends His Life While Despondent.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 27.— Charles Nelson
of Boulder Creek committed suicide to
day at the beach by shooting himself In
the mouth with a pistol while despondent.
He had been drinking for several days.
He was a native of Sweden, aged about 4)
years.
ATLANTA, Ga., Dec. 27. — Samuel Spencer,
president ot the Southern Railway Company,
wired to-day that the story published in sev
eral Southern papers to the effect that he was
to be made chairman of the board of control
of the Morgan syndicate of railroads was with
out foundation.
California
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have mada
it the most popular with travelers.
Frcm San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office — 641 Market Street
TURN OVER
A NEW LEAF
On New Tear's Day and send your laun-
dry work to the tJ. S. Laundry. Then you •
will always be sure to have the finest
work it is possible to do. Your linen will
look better and last longer. We deliver
promptly. - -
No saw edges. "
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Streat
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Offlco— 54 San Pablo Ave.
O O
jjst,-^ Have you
XJ**&gjjG|££5t' "We insulate every-
HOFF ASBESTOS MFG. CO.,
: v«i*. : -^ " :; - San Francisco,
Our Products : 27 JESSIE.
"Air cell" cover- j, oa At»<7«1o*
Ing, "air cell" lag- Lo * Angele3,
gingr. asbestos ce- 705 E. FIRST,
ments, diatomace-
ous insulators, as- ss»^wSSaS&**.
bestos packing-, etc. fei^v -Js^fepaLj*,^
E s t i mates fur- v^SlSS^^^''^
O — H •
gtt^.CHJCH ESTER'S ENGUSH
PENNYROYAL FILLS
I9<*<!S"IV«,. m . Wrl » ln "* BBd ** nl 7 C«a»lne.
&${S£®k ftr ClilCHICSTEK'S ENOUGH
ST^w^Wj^V in HEt> >a4 Cold m s -t*U!a box—, mltd
«^ SEW« rJ te "'"• Hbbc ?- ?•*•■• -then Rof.,.a
I / , f/T "«"•"- " a 7 ° r your Druggist, or wad 4c. la
V 'C* IS? sod " RelldT fWr Ladi<n. n n letttr, S/ JJ.
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Kstablishec! 1SS1. Con-
sultation and private book
free at ctflce or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
8 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*.
78
FRENCH MASONS
HOLD CEREMONY
Install New Officers of
La Parfaite Union
Lodge. ,
Retiring Master Goldaracena
Receives Testimonial
From Fraters.
The recently elected ofScers of the
French Lodge of Free and Accepted Ma
sons, known as La Parfaite Union, were
installed in the Masonic Temple last night
in the presence of nearly all the fraters of
the lodge and several specially invited
visitors. The ceremony, ever beautiful,
was in the French language, and was
very impressive. It was conducted by O.
M. Goldaracena, the retiring master, who
was assisted by Past Master J. M. Dupas
&s marshal of ceremonies. The new of
ficers who are to fill the stations for the
current Masonic year are:
Michel E. Diebold, worshipful master; A.
Huguenln, senior ■warden; L. J. Gerhardt,
junior warden; Paul St. Jullien, secretary; P.
BeJgarde, treasurer; O. Bozio, marshal; Eman
uel Meyer, chaplain: A. Cerveau, senior dea
con; Evariste C. Mailhebeau, Junior deacon; IS.
Balnquie and Thomas Seehablague, stewards,
and F. Lagrange, tyler.
Music was rendered during the cere
mony by the Masonic Quartet.
After the officers were seated in their
stations and the marshal nad made decla
ration that they had been duly installed
in accordance with ancient usage, then*
came the presentation to retiring Past
Master Goldaracena of a jewel of the rank
of past master. The presentation was by
Worshipful Master Diebold on behalf of
the lodge, and he declared that the sym
bolical emblem was the offering of all the
members, who took that means of show
ing their appreciation of the very efficient
manner in which the outgoing master had
fulfilled the duties thm were imposed
upon him. The recipient made a feeling
response.
After the close of the lodge the members
and the invited guests went to a rotis
serle, where they partook of an installa
tion supper. Past Master Ooldaracena
was the toast master. The various dainty
dishes having been disposed of, a feast of
oratory followed. Those who were called
upon to respond to the regular toasts
■were: The new master of the lodge, II.
E. Diebold; Senior Warden A. Huguenin;
Junior Warden L. J. Gerhardt; Past Mis
ters Auguste GoustiaiA, J. M. Dupas,
Emanuel Meyer, Victor <3ardet and C". L.
P. Marais.
This lodge, the only one that works in
the French language in this city, is one of
the oldest, having passed the semi-centen
nial mark in 1909. The term just closed
was a remarkably prosperous one. eleven
candidates for Masonic honors having in
that time had the degrees conferred upon
them. It commences the new term with
a membership of one hundred and seven.
PRINCIPAL, OF BEDDING
SCHOOL IS TRANSFERRED
Board of Education Assigns Mrs. E.
H. Lyon to the Noe Valley-
Primary.
The Board of Education yesterday
transferred Mrs. E. H. Lyon, principal of
the Redding Primary School, to the prin
cipalship of the Xoe Valley School. Miss
M. A. Deane, who has returned from her
leave of absence, will resume her old po
sition as principal of the Redding School.
Two ballots were taken on Miss N. A.
Sullivan and Jessie Smith as candidates
for the principalship of the Noe School,
resulting in a deadlock. Mrs. Lyon was
then placed in nomination and elected.
Mrs. Hattie Bain, vice principal of tb.3
Grammar School, was granted a leave of
absence for one year from January 6, 1902.
Madison Babcock, vice principaJ of the
Fairmount School, sent a communication
to the board denying that favoritism had
been shown in granting him a leave.
An Emancipation Celebration.
An emancipation proclamation celebra
tion will be held at the Starr King Afri
can Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, SOS
Stockton street, on Sunday next. It -will
be an all day affair. In the evening Colo
nel Henry Welnstock of Sacramento wiil
deliver an address. The following named
have been invited to act as vice presi
dents:
George TV. Dennis Sr., It. C. Francis. Rev.
C. B. F. Moore. George F. Norton, William
Davis, E. A. Clarke. F. W. Jackson, J. C.
Rivers, i. L. Clayton, George Clark. J. R.
Sands Daniel Brown of San Rafael. S. Parker.
J. H. Craditt. IV. Patrick, J. XV. Richardson,
Oeorgc Anderson.
Escaped Prisoner Captured.
Frank Donnelly, who was serving six
months in the Branch County Jail for
petty larceny and who made a.n esca.pe
from the road gang last Thursday, was
captured yesterday by mounted Otncers
Archie and Nolan of the Seventeenth
street station. Donnelly made his way
across the Bernal Heights to Bay View
and secreted himself In an old shack.
When the officers made their apeparance
he showed fight, but was soon cowed into
submission and escorted to the Seven
tetnth-Ftreet station, from, which place he
was taken back to jail to serve out his
live remaining months.
Burglary His Object.
The police were notified yesterday that
a man called at 3740 Twenty-fifth street
Thursday afternoon and toid Mrs. Delgcr
that her husband had been seriously in
jured in The Call building. Mr. Delger
happened to be at home at the time and
when the man heard his voice he ran
away. His intention, the police believe,
was to get Mrs. Delger out of the house
and then rob it. He is described as about
So years of age, 5 feet 6 inches tall and
■wore a dark suit of clothes.
Want Repeal of Duty on Hides
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
eociation has received a letter of thanks
from the Pacific branch of the Free Hide
League in recognition of its efforts to se
cure the repeal of the tariff law which
imposes a duty on raw hides. It Is felt
that under existing conditions the Ameri
can manufacturer is placed at a disad
vantage in competing with feather deal
ers of other nations, and the association
has been active in its attempts to secure
favorable legislation.
Xagal Gets Four Months.
John Kagal, who stole a bicycle belong
ing to W. B. Corliss from the Dental Col
lege last Monday and was charged with
grand larceny, appeared before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday. Kagal showed the
Judge an honorable discharge from the
navy and expressed his regret for what
he had done. The charge was reduced to
petty larceny and he was sentenced to
four months in the County Jail.
Printer Blumer Dies.
Jake Blumer, a well known printer,
about 52 years old, died at the Capital
House, 537 Sacramento street, yesterdav
morning, presumably from cirrhosis o**"
the liver. He had been sick since last
Sunday, but as no physician had been
called to attend him his body was taken
to the Morgue.
Pears'
soap responds to water in-
stantly; washes and rinses
off in a twinkling.
It is the finest toilet soap
in all the world. ,
Established over xoo years.
FORCE FROM BOARD OF WORKS WARMS
MATTERS UPON COMMITTEE MEETING
Engineer Grunsky and Attorney Gartland Clash With Su
pervisor Reed and All Indulge in Satirical Invective,
and the Sergeant at Arms Is Ordered to Take a Hand
At a meeting of the Public Utilities Commission held yesterday Engineer Grunsky and Attorney
Gartland mixed matters with Supervisor Reed. On the whole the session was a lively one, and while no
definite results regarding- the prospective bond^issue 'were obtained the methods of the Board of .Public Works
were freely criticized. . •.. c,-?,.. ?• - ,v. .•• "
SIT down, sir!" said Supervisor
Charles Wesley Reed to City En
gineer Grunsky. "Sergeant . at
arms, do your duty."
Then Captain Anderson laid his
hand on the arm of the City Engineer and
he sat down. Attorney Gartland of the
Board of Public Works also ruffled the
dignity aiid aroused the ire of the chair
man of the. Public Utilities Committee : of
the BoarcT'of Supervisors yesterday after
noon and thereby added fuel to the ex
citement that was produced every mo
ment at what proved a gingery meeting
of the committee. The session was a
lively one and while no definite results
were obtained as regards the prospective
bond issue, the methods of the Board of
Public* Works came in for a large share
of criticism.
Some time ago Luther Wagoner, once
employed by the Board of Public Works
to investigate water supplies for San
Francisco, made a. report to the Board
of Public Works regarding the Tuolumne
River as a source of supply. As pub
lished in The Call a few days ago Engi
neer Wagoner reported that the estimat
ed cost of the supply would approximate
$28,000,000. When Engineer Grunsky of
the Board of Public Works submitted his
report the estimated co->t had been raised
to &>8,000,000. Supervisor Reed wanted to
find out how this discrepancy occurred.
In his official capacity as Supervisor
and chairman of the Committee on Pub
lic Utilities he called in the City Engineer
and asked for the report. Reed did not
get it. Then he went back to the board
rooms and caused the clerk of the Board
of Supervisors to serve a subpena to pro
duce the document.
The subpena was served, not on Grun
sky, but on Colonel Mendell, the president
of the Board of Public Works. The Board
of Public Works responded to the sub
pena, also its attorney, Mr. Gartland.
At the time the committee was consid
ering- what propositions would be sub
mitted to the people in the bond/election
to be held in the future. The Supervisors
talked about tie best way to place the
207 gas lamps that are in juxtaposition
to telegraph and electric light and car
poles; they talked about streets and al
leys, and children's playgrounds, and
about buying a park near a proposed site
for a pesthouse. Then the matter of the
Wagoner report loomed up. It came sud
denly, unexpectedly, and vociferously, and
culminated later in the production of the
much wanted document.
Reed Wants the Report.
"I am surprised," said Chairman Reed,
"that in this matter of water works in
vestigation I have net been able to secure
the icport of one of the engineers em
ployed by the city through the Board of
Public Works. I refer to the so called
Wagoner report."
"I refused to give up that report," said
Grunsky, "because I did not think it was
called for in good faith. The report was
incomplete, it was filed by a subordinate,
and was not yet a matter of record. A
document of that* kind is not a public
record and cannot be made the basis of
a bond issue."
"I am sorry you attacked my good
faith," sharply retorted Reed, "as I have
done everything possible to assist you
and your board in the prosecution of this
•work. When you -wanted $10,000 about a
year and a half ago I had the board in
crease the amount to $30,000. You brought
Wagoner to my office, introduced him to
PRESIDIO HOP IS ENJOYED
BY A VERY MERRY COMPANY
Last evening -was a gay one at the Pre
sidio, the hop being the attraction for
two hundred guests resplendent in even
ing dress. The number would have been
larger had the floor space permitted it,
but the crush at the last dance made it
necessary for the managers to provide
for some comfort and a little dancing.
Hence the 'chancre.
Much- to the delight of the guests, the
dancin* continued until 1 a. m., instead
of breaking up at 11:30 p. m., the usual
hour. One o'clock will be the regular time
hereafter for the home-going.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of Lieutenant Collins, Lieutenant
Brower and Lieutenant Babcock. Mrs.
Hayden and Mrs. Burgess, who assisted
in receiving, were stylishly gowned. Many
charming debutantes were in evidence.
A few of the guests were; Miss Allen,
Miss Kittle, Miss Blakeman, Miss Salis
bury, Miss Keyes, Miss -Marjorie Gibbons,
Miss Lucie King, the Misses Cheatham,
Miss Herrin, Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss
Huntington, Miss Pearl Landers, Miss
Catherine Robinson, Miss Jean Nokes,
Miss Marie Wilson, Miss Mills, Miss
Charlotte Ellinwood, Miss Moore, Miss
Shorb and Miss McClung.
Les Bon Xmis cotillon last evening in
Golden Gate Hall was a decided success.
Two hundred gayly dressed young people
lent their presence to the affair, and the
scene was a brilliant one. No expense
was spared in decorations and more elab
orate preparations were made than usual.
The balcony wa3 draped in red bunting
and hung with red incandescent lights.
Many flags and satin banners ornamented
the walls, interspersed with wreaths and
bunches of holly. A Christmas tree oc
cupied the center of the stage. Incan
descent lights of all colors were placed
on the tree.
The ceiling was hung with Christmas
berries, evergreens, four large floral bells
and showers of gold. Miss Lee and Miss
FOOTPAD GRABS WATCH
FHOM CLEHK'S POCKET
George Broophe Has His Gold Time
piece Stolen by Daring
Thief.
A footpad accomplished an exceedingly
daring theft late last night on Stevenson
street, between Third and Fourth. The
victim of the bold robber was Geprge
Broophe, a clerk. He was walking down
Stevenson street and was near Third
when the footpad approached and grabbed
his watch and chain. The watch was
pulled from Broophe's pocket, and so vio
lently did the footpad pull that the gold
chain was broken off near where it fasten
ed to the coat.
Broophe was so surprised by the sud
denness of the attack that he did not at
tempt to resist the footpad, who after se
curing the watch started to run up Stev
enson street toward Fourth. Broopho
gave chase and tried to disable the rob
ber by striking him with a heavy cane.
Twice he succeeded in knocking him
down, but each time the robber scrambled
to his feet and continued his flight.
Broophe finally captured him near Fourth
street. He led the footpad back to Third
street anaL was holding him in front of
the Grant drug store waiting to turn him
over to an officer when two men who were
evidently accomplices of the footpad ef
fected his escape. They deliberately
forced their way between Broophe and his
prisoner.
As soon as the robber found himself
free he darted up Stevenson street, still
carrying Broophe's watch. The police ar
rived on the scene' about the time the
footpad made his escape and placed under
arrest one of the men who assisted him
to get free from Broophe. As there was
no ground on which to hold the accom
plice he was subsequently released.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
me, told me of his excellent qualifications
and asked: .me. to do everything possible
for him. --During the course of these in
vestigations, L saw much of Wagoner and
his force, .anil told blnirto save for me a
copy of his report." He'told'me he would
have .to return -it first to the Board of
Public Works. : Wagoner told me to put
In my first estimate at ?28,000,000 and then
Grunsky put in his at $38,000,00. , I called
for Wagoner's report as a Supervisor and
when Mr. Grunsky refused It I- demanded
the issuance' of a ' subpena 'from the
Board of ; Supervisors for its ; production.
It is all a, mattei\ of faith in engineers. I
cannot conceal; my chagrin at the attack
made upon my good faith by Mr. Grun
sky, especiallyas I have labored so hard
and so earnestly in this cause: My data
shows that- < a rwater system could be ac
quired for $28, 000,000, yet you claim that
it will -cost 510,000,000, more. ■ . . .. , -
Heed Hushes Into Print.
"Mr. "Wagoner did not include $7,000,000
for. a distributing system," responded
Grunsky. ••"!' sent Wagoner to you as
president of theSierra Club, thinking that
you might know something- about the
water supplies of the high Sierras. Wag
oner exceeded his duty. We kept you pur
posely in ignorance of our plan of cam
paign, because we were afraid you would
rush to the press and bring interminable
litigation on the city before we acquire I
certain water rights. The Mayor advised
us to do this. We invited you to come to
some of our conferences, which were
open, but we did not want you to go
around talking about how .we were goinpr
to do this, that and the other thing. If
you had rushed into print that would have
ended the whole. scheme."
Then came Reed's retort: "You made
the mistake of your life in not taking the
local press into your confidence. Every
little paper in the country was reportiig
your movements. That is why the people
of this city are so. down upon the Board
of Public Works— you do not take the peo
ple into your -confidence." ?
"I am only an employe of the Board of
Public Works," meekly answered Grun
sky. . . ,
Attorney Gartland then jumped into the
argument. He said he appeared as at
torney for Colonel Mendell, who had beeu
served with a. subpena.
"By" what authority do you represent
Colonel Mendell?" asked Reed.
"Both by my right as attorney of the
Beard of Public Works and as an at
torney-at-law," said Gartland.
' "By v/hose authority was this subpena
issued?" queried Supervisor Connor.
Reed explained what ne thought were
his duties in the premises when as Super
visor he demanded a public document and
was refused. Colonel Mendell attempted
to explain matters and Gartland and
Grunsky tried to talk at the same time.
Colonel Mendell sat down and Reed
rapped for order.
"Sit down, gentlemen," said Chairman
Reed.
"I want to explain," said Grunsky.
"Sergeant at arms, do your duty," or
dered Reed.
Captain Anderson laid his hand on
Grunsky's shoulder,, but Gartland was in
his chair before his companion. Colonel
Mendell drew a large roll of paper from
his pocket and held, it in his, hand for a
few minutes. He spoke to Reed^ and com
pliments were exchanged between them.
Gartland and Grunsky, though sup
pressed, were not subdued, and exchanged
badinage with Reed at long range.
* "You said you would not give any in
formation to the press,". said Reed in an
Louise Werner led the cotillon and were ;
elaborately gowned. Some of the invited
guest^ were:. Paul de . Los, Miss Grace
Hesseltine, Major G. C. Kelleher, Miss
Ethel Clark, Miss Wadham, R. Schord,
Miss D. Schacht, -\VY C. Crowell, Miss
lgoe. Misses Melville, Miss Lander, Mrs.
O. Mackie, Miss L. .Werner, Dr. M. H.
Schord, Will Bacon, Miss Sue Henrici,
Charles Wright; .Miss Winifred Morton,
Joseph Poheim, Georgie McPherson,
Colonel S. Herbert Morton. Flora L.
Muller, Gus Soher, Miss Gustella Stulz,
H. A. Frank,- H.-R. • Stetten Jr., Misses
Murphy, A. McPherson, Hiss Georgie Mc-
Pherson, W. Stetten, Charles Dubel, Stella
Ford, Lloyd •Edwards, Miss E. Edwards,
Gilford Sobey, \V; A. Conneau, William
Taylor, Miss. JU. Conneau, Miss Walker,
X. Weigle,; Jilip; and Mrs. Pittman, Hum
boldt Gatesj Mfv and Mrs. Alton R.
Vaughn, .."Walter.'* Nima,-.~Mlss Zoe Haas,
Will Combright, Miss Kate Ralston, Miss
M. Lee, Wlllard Fry, James Lee, -Dr.
Brooks, Claries, B,,,TrueJl, Dr. Guy Rod
gers, Robert^axe, Hjenry, Bprnfelt, J. A.
Wheeler, Mrs. Bin Barteauxl A. Artigues,.
Fred Flood','.' S^'VStanyoh, "Allxe McJJoyle,
Luthern Henderson. Jackson, Miss
Oliver, MiU-.an;d.,Mrs r , ..Wyman,, Mr. .Van
Vaughtentyery.,.. Miss^lice Vice, Frank
Sykes, Miss Schroeder, Ethel McCormicV.
Phil Heuer,";' Miss Sullivan, Miss Lottie
Lane. Mrs'.' Hackett, Miss Li'E.-HackettlS
Mr. Johnson/. Misses'. Ryder, Sanford G.
Lewald, Miss ,G. .DeZzelle,, E. W. Gordon,
Miss EditiyL.,. Gordon, ..Alan W. Maginis,
Joseph Baptlsta, Miss'Lillian Eastwood,
Dr. A. J:--He»iiker,' Harry McLaren, Miss
Ethel BenTiett, George ; Harold Sandy,
George Bocarde, Miss A. 'McKenzie, Wal
ter Minner, Dr.. R. Ames, Miss Ethel
White, George Fuller, Dr. Claude Perry,
Miss L. Buck, Miss Halloran, General F.
E. Young, Miss Etta Buxton, B. P. Glea
son. Miss. Emma- Morobray, F. Maloney,
Miss Rose Holje, Peter J. Morrin, Miss G.
Keaton, M. Snyder, Miss Corncal Farrell,
Gus Soher, Louis A. Colton, Miss Eunice
Goddard, P. "A. Young, Norman Titus,
Bert Perry. Howard Van Kirk. Miss L.
Van Kirk, Miss E. Walcom, Clarence M.
Freed, Roy Gurney,. Roy A. Lee, J. V. La
SKULL FRACTURED BY
; FOURTH-STREET CAR,
Leon Fortoonis Attempts to Cross
Track at Natoma and Is Se
verely Injured.
Leon Fortoonis, a Greek residing at
336^ Sixth street, sustained a severe
fracture of. the skull last night by being
knocked down by electric car No. 557 at
the corner of Fourth and Natoma streets.
He was removed~to the Central Emergen
cy Hospital. He is an elderly man and
his wound is so severe that the doctors
fear he has little chance of recovering. S.
J. Dennis, the motorman, was arrested
and charged with battery pending the re
sult of Fortoonis' injury.
The car was southbound at the time of
the accident. According to Motorman
Dennis* story, Fortoonis attempted to
cross the track directly ahead of the car.
Dennis claims that he rang the bell, but
Fortoonis evidently did not hear. For
toonis was formerly proprietor of a res
taurant. ■ .
Sheriff After the Fugitive.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 27.-Sheriff Taylor
is still pursuing the man . who shot Ben
Alcantra and Joseph Alberigi 'at ' Point
Reyes the night before' last. It was ■. to
day learned that the man's name is Adel
pho Stefanl. Immediately after the shoot
ing he took advantage of the darkness
and disappeared. To-day Sheriff Taylor
got a clew and is now confident of effect
ing his capture. Stefanl is believed to be
heading toward Howards. This morning
he ate a meal at a ranch house near Mar
shalls. Nothing is known here of, Stefan!
other than that he went to work for Al
berigi about two weeks ago. He is said to
'be blind in one eye.
aside to a remark of Grunsky, "because
of attacks on your administration."
Colonel Mendell laid a countermine on
the table in the shape of the disputed re
port. Reed picked up the bomb before the
fuse had burned any further, and put it
in his pocket, having won out against the
combined forces of the Board of Public
Works.
"Do not let the press get this report,"
said Colonel Mendell. "Not until I get
ready," said Reed, and the armistice was
then declared.
The matter of removing the 207 gas
lamps, whose radiance is subdued by in
tervening electric, lights and telephone
poles, was referred to the Board of- Pub
lic Works. The companies furnishing
lights have agreed to bear a part of the\
expense and some of the lights may be
hung upon the poles that now obstruct
the streets. #
The matter of parks and improvements
in Telegraph Hill and Twin Peaks, was
referred to the Board of Public Works
for. further estimates.
Merchants on Bond Issue.
Frank J. Symmes, president of the Mer
chants' Association, appeared before the
committee to advocate the selection of
some other site than the one under con
sideration for a chilren's playground.
The cost of the lot at Seventh, Harrison
and Bryant streets, with Columbia
Square as a panhandle, has been ap
praised at J234.000. Mr. Symmes advocat
ed the selection of a strip between Clem
entina and Tehama street, in one of the
blocks embraced between Third and Sixth
streets. He estimated the cost? on an
appraised valuation of $295,000. He thought
"this would eliminate the disagreeable
features of these streets."
"How wide a playground would that
give you?" asked Reed.
"A lot about 150 feet wide and 825 feet
Jong," responded Mr. Symmes.
"You cannot play baseball in a lot that
size," said Reed, and after considerable
discussion as to rights of children, "one
old cat, 'rounders" and other games,' the
subject was dropped, Supervisor Braun
hart objecting to the proposed, elimina
tion of families from the part of the city
in which he resides.
The University Mound and Bay View
Improvement Club asked that a park be
established south of Thirty-third avenue
and east of Railroad avenue, where the
Bay View Land Company has a tract of
about fifty acres which it is anxious to
dispose of to the city for $40,000. As this
rite is adjacent to that which the same
company is offering as a suitable location
for a pesthouse, the Board of Works was
directed to make a comparative estimate
of the value of the two pieces of property.
According to George H. Roundey, who
spoke for the club, it is one of the great
est pieces of property ever offered.
The committee also" recommended .the
drafting of an ordinance to call for a
bond issue of $500,000 instead of $1,000,000
for the improvement of accepted streets,
with a view of improving the San Bruno
road. Roundey also made a plea for this.
George D. Center spoke in opposition to
the proposed Issue for sewer bonds, say
ing the people, of the Mission district
were opposed to the plan as outlined by
the Board of Public Works, as it was
"costly, useless and impracticable, and
the worst that had ever been submitted."
Other propositions that have been sug
gested will come up for consideration at
the final meeting of the committee for
revision.
Motte, J. C-. Crooks, H. A. Peckham and
H. Stettin. ■
Miss Pearl Sabin was guest of houor at
a delightful little matinee tea given by
Miss Louise Howland at her home in
Sausalito yesterday. The most artistic
decorations were chosen and everything
was perfectly appointed. The guests'in
vited were close personal girl friends of
Miss Sabin and Miss Howland. Miss
Sabin is more sought after than ever since
her return from the East. Her sympa
thetic and charming personality explains
this.
1 The German Ladies' General Benevolent
Society held their Christmas festival yes
terday afternoon at Golden Gate Hall.
Extensive preparations had been made
for liberal donations to the poor and
some one hundred and fifty families were
present to receive their gifts. Some of
these are regular recipients of the
ladies' charity, while others come only at
Christmas for their share of the several
hundreds of gifts distributed annually
among the poor apcording to their special
needs. Fruit, provisions and wearing ap
parel, procured out of the fund or con
tributed by .individuals, were given out
at the festival. The board of managers
is: Frau Caroline Koester, president;
F.rau Minna Broemftiel. secretary; Frau
Dr. J. Regensburger, Frau F. D. Stadt
muller, Frau L. Gottig, Frau J. F. Plage
mann, Frau M. Ksberg, Frau Dr. F.Feh
leisen. Frau A. M. Buck, Frau M. Haben-
Icht, Frau Isaac Hecht, Frau Dr. H.
Kreutzmann, Frau J .C. Meussdorffer and
Frau L. Lebenbaum.
Miss Edith Simpson gave a luncheon
yesterday at her home, 2200 Pacific ave
nue, in honor of Miss Edalina Hammond.
The guests were: Mrs. Horace D. Pills
bury, Mrs. A. D. Keyes, Mrs. Wyatt Al
len, Mrs. T. B. Bishop, Miss Plllsbury,
Miss Bernie Drown. Miss Sophia Pierce,
Miss Center, Miss Cooper, Miss Charlotte
Ellinwood, Miss Leontine Blakeman, Miss
Bertha Dolbeer, Miss Helen Wagner, Miss
Lillian Spreckels, Miss Virginia Jolliffe,
Miss Lucy King and Miss Hoffacker.
MARGARET H. RYAN
DECLARED COMPETENT
Petition of Her Children for Letters
'.' of Guardianship Over Her Is
Denied. . •
Margaret H. Ryan was declared com
petent in the Probate Court • yesterday
and the petition of her children, for let
ters of guardianship upon her person and
estate was denied. Mrs. Ryan is the sis
ter of Thomas P. Hale, the deceased cap
italist. " She has" an Interest in the Hale
estate and has opposed the sale of cer
tain, properties belonging to the estate on
the ground that the $6000 offered her for
her interest by the other heirs was not
sufficient. She claimed that she should
receive a larger, share of the estate. Her
opposition was so strong that her chil
dren sought to have her declared incom
petent and, as her guardians, accept the
?6000 offered.
Makes Use of Wireless , Telegraphy.
HALIFAX, N. S., Dec. 27.— The steamer
Lake Ontario, now here, was fitted up
with wireless telegraphy apparatus before
leaving England and she easily com
municated with • the lighthouses on the
Irish coast, equipped with wireless- ap
paratus, at a distance of thirty miles.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 27.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, 5 days from Coqullle
River, via Crescent City 54 hours.
Stmr.Luella, Maiisen, CO hours from San
Peflro.
SAILED.
Friday, December 27.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Grays Harbor.
AGAIN CONFINED
IN SANITARIUM
Lady Yarde-Buller in
Custody at Livermore
Asylum.
Christmas Escapade Ending
at Hay wards Cause of
Her Trouble.
Lady Leilah Klrkham Blair Yarde-
Buller, the brilliant but unfortunate
woman whose sanity, conduct and prop
erty ha.ve been the cause of so much liti
gation in this country and in Europe, is
again confined la Dr. Kobertson's Sani
tarium at LiverMore. This time her in
carceration is the Tesult of an escapade
which began in San Francisco Christmas
and which ended in Haywards, where,
according to the story told to her former
landlady by her guardian, Lady Yarde-
Buller was taken in custody by officers
and detained until the guardian, George
T. Wright, caused -her removal to tne
Livermore sanitarium.
Since Lady Yarde-Buller's appearance
in Judge Ellsworth's court in Oakland
some -weeks ago,/ during" the hearing of
"Baron" Baroteau's suit for $30$0 for ser
vices as . her bodyguard, at which, ap
pearance £he created a scene in court by
her hysterical conduct, she has been liv-*
ing quietly at the lodging-house at 712
Van Ness avenue, where she has been
sheltered for the past fifteen months.
She has had her liberty, but has not
had money enough in her possession to
permit of the indulgences that have
wrecked her fortunes and health.
Just prior to Christmas Lady Yarde-
Buller was given a small amount • of
money by her guardian, in order that she
might gratify her desire to send gifts to
a few old friends and former servants.
As a result she spent Christmas eve down
town and when Christmas night came she
wag again anxious to get beyond the«four
walls of her narrow existence in the Van
Ness-avenue lodging-house. She left
about 8 o'clock, saying she was going to
Oakland to visit her old servant, Mrs.
Annie Mulhearn, who lives in a • little
home given her by Lady Yarde-Buller's
father. She wore her famous sealskin
coat, against the protest of her landlady,
who feared it might be the means of her
identification and cause a scandal during
her absence. She carried a small parcel,
a gift for Mrs. Mulhearn.
Thursday passed without Lady Yarde-
Buller's having returned. Meanwhile ru
mor reached San Francisco that she was
again confined in the Livermore Sani
tarium. Inquiry at the Van Ness-avenue
lodging-house last night confirmed 'the
rumor. The landlady admitted that Lady
Yarde-Buller had not returned from her
Christmas night trip, and further that her
trunk was packed in her room upstairs
waiting to be shipped to-day to the Liv
ermore Sanitarium.
The landlady said that George T.
Wright, the guardian of Mrs. Blair, aa
Lady Yarde-Buller was always known at
her house, and "Baron" Baroteau called
yesterday and told her that Lady Yarde-
Buller had been taken into custody at
Haywards: Wright said that under the
circumstances it was better, for the pro
tection of his ward and the good name
of the family, that she be confined again
for a short time at Livermore.
"Baron" Baroteau said, according to the
landlady, that he saw Lady Yarde-Buller
go on the Oakland boat Christmas night
and that he crossed the bay on the same
boat, but was in the company of another
we man and did not speak to her. Baro
teau also said that he helped persuade
her to go along quietly when she was
taken in custody at Haywards, inducing
her to believe that the officers were sim
ply friends of his. When they reached
the sanitarium and Lady Yarde-Buller di
vined their purpose she attempted to es
cape and had to be taken in by force.
IS NOT FEDERAL CRIME TO,
STEAL UNMAILED MATTER
Packages Left on Top of Letter-Boxes
Are There at Owners'
Risk.
. J. T. Schmidts was held yesterday by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock for trial on the charge of having
broken open a street mail box. His bonds
were fixed at $500.
There are two other prisoners in tho
hands of the United States Marshal
awaiting examination on charges of steal
ing packages of mail matter that had
been carelessly left on top of street letter
boxes.
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning- will . move to dismiss the charges
against these two, as they have not vlo-'
lated any Federal statute or postal regu
lation, the packages not having been
mailed, although properly stamped and
addressed. The postal laws apply to mail
matter that has been placed in the proper
receptacle. Packages too large to be de
ppsited in the street letter and newspaper
boxes cannot be mailed until they are de
livered to an employe of the Postofnce
and they are no safer from theft when
they' are on top of the box than they
would be if thrown upon the sidewalk.
DANGEROUS PRACTICE
ON VAN NESS AVENUE
Coasting Is a Growing and Seriou3
Menace to Drivers and
Equestrians.
Coasting is becoming an alarming recre
ation on Van Ness avenue, and if not
stopped the services of the Coroner will
surely be brought into prominence, spirit
ed horses will one day be flying affrighted
and the neighborhood will be mourning
the loss of some of those sturdy young
sters who now brave the danger. From
Pacific avenue to Union street the menace
to life and limb is daily increasing, as
was demonstrated yesterday afternoon
when half a.dozen of the precocious coast
ers slid down hill in rapid succession,
frightening a spirited and valuable team,
besides placing the occupants of the car
riage in peril. Some other youngsters
hitched to the back of the vehicle and on
becoming-, suddenly detached fell head
over heels with terrific force. It is the
generally expressed opinion on the avenue
that before serious injury occurs this
practice should be stopped.
HAKErY ROBERTSON
COMMITS SUICIDE
Removes Tip of Gas-Burner While
Intoxicated and Lays Down
to Die.
Harry Robertson, a barber, rooming at
2756 Bush street, committed suicide last
Thursday evening by asphyxiating him
self in the bathroom. He had been cele
brating Christmas in the pleasant alco
holic way and was put to bed at half-past
10 o'clock by his brother Robert and J. M.
Goodall, a street car conductor. Mr. and
Mrs. Goodall arose at half-past 4 o'clock
in the morning and Mrs. Goodall detected
the odor^of illuminating gas. She traced
it to Robertson's room, where she found
the valve of the gas burner open, but
Robertson was not there. Her husband
went to the bathroom and found Robert
son lying dead on the floor.
The suicide had taken off the tip of the
gas burner in the bathroom and had
opened the valve and -laid down to die.
Robertson was 37 year3 old and unmar
ried.
Golden State Parlor's. Christmas.
The members of Golden State Parlor
No. 50, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, were greeted in the banquet hail of
the Native Sons' building last evening by
several hundred ladies and gentlemen and
a great crowd of little ones, who gathered
to see Miss Johanna Meyers, a member
of the parlor, play Santa Claus and dis
tribute from a brilliantly illuminated trsi»
a large number of toys, books and articles
to the children of members ana friend3
In the work of distribution Miss Meyers
was assisted by Misses Tillle Decker Vf
Smith, L. Wed el, D. Warsdall, Freda 'von
Staden and Millie Tietjen of the commit
tee of arrangements; After each child
had received a present and a bag of candy
the adult portion of . the . assemblage
.amused itself by pelting one another with
imitation snowballs. When tired of iho
sport there was dancing untijfa late hour.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. \
_^ ----- ~^~^~~^; ~~^~w^ >. . - . . - - -^- -
•OPTMtHT 110* ir THt MQOTEH * SAMSie CO. CINCINNATI. ( " ',
HOW TO ECONOMIZE.
f-f "|OME men economize so closely on the
number of words in a telegram that the
receiver can not understand it. This is not
' sensible economy. Neither is* it sensible
economy to ruin garments of value -with cheap
. soap or powerful chemicals that eat into the fabric
True economy uses Ivory Soap in the laundry.
It is the most of pure soap that can be' sold for the
money. Chemically it is as innocent as water. Yet
it does everything you can ask of a soap. Try it I
RABBIS PREACH
ON LIVE TOPICS
Dr. Nieto Declares That
Judaism May Be
' Universal.
Dr. Nieto of the Congregation Sherlth
Israel spoke last evening on the passing
of religious systems. The lecturer Said
that they, like all other creations of the
human intellect, were subject to the laws
governing production, growth and decay.
It was only "when they had been conceived
to reach perfection and had been com
mitted to a definite written form, for
which its followers and promoters
claimed immutability and stability, that
its period of decay was really heralded.
Judaism, he declared, had in it the ele
ments which would go to form what the
prophets foreshadowed as the outcome of
all religious activity, namely, a univer
sal religion founded upon a strict moral
ity. Judaism in its present form, how
ever, could not become a universal reli
gion because of its national character,
but if human experience and what it im
parts, meant anything to them, then,
whether they would or no, that which
was tribal or national being carried forth
into the world and presented to all men
alike, must expand into the universal,
providing that national traits be obliter
ated.
The prophets foreshadowed a universal
church, Jesus had made the same pro
phecy. All men felt impressed with that
idea and were impelled continuously to
remove obstacles to its realization.
The Rev. J. Voorsanger in his sermon,
"A New Year's Suggestion," at Temple
Emanu-El, said that all nations had, one
time or another, celebrated what were
known as the threshold feasts, either In
early or late winter, whether Easter, New-
Year or Passover. He reminded hla
hearers that history was largely made up
of the results of people's deeds. They did
not know the motives of the past, but its
history they did know. They knew the
history of moral struggles, of the educa
tion of the mind and the vindication of
the spirit. Intellectual truth was shifting
all the time, since what was true to-day
was not true to-morrow, but moral
truth was unchanging because it applied
to conduct, discipline and character.
Theology was not to-day what it was
years ago. There was nothing concrete
about theology now. The Bible was even
changed. The lecturer further said that
they should persuade themselves that civ
ilized humanity was going in the right di
rection and that in divine truth rested
man's happiness.
CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL
HELD AT SOUTH PARK
People of the Settlement Are Enter
tained With Pictures and Yule
tide Carols.
A delightful Christmas entertainment
was held last night at the South Park Set
tlement House for men and women over
the age of 16. "The Christmas Story in
Picture and Song" was presented. The
pictures represented events connected
with the nativity as painted by the great
masters. Miss Lucile Eaves explained the
pictures and told by whom they were
painted. The carols were sung by the
choir of the Cathedral Mission.
The boys and girls from 12 to 16 years of
age will be entertained this afternoon
with pictures, music and a Christmas
tree. Presents will also be distributed.
On Surday afternoon at 3 o'clock all
children under 12 are Invited to be pres
ent. The carols and pictures will again
be repeated. A Christmas tree, beautiful
ly decorated and loaded with presents,
will be the chief attraction and each child
will be given candy and oranges.
MYSTIC SHRINERS PLAN
VISIT TO MARYS VILLS
Fifty Candidates "Will "Walk Over
the Hot Sands in Search of
Knowledge.
A new mecca has been ''discovered by
the nobles of Islam Temple of the Mystic
Shrine. Marysville is its name, and 1:30
this afternoon, t under the guidance of
Chief Potentate C. H. Murphy, they will
begin their journey. At Sacramento other
members will join the San Francisco cara
van. About seventy-live • members of
Islam Temple will leave this city and
about fifty will join at Sacramento.
At the Marysville mecca the first 'pil
grimage of the season will be concluded
Special arrangements for Pullman
"camels" have been made. It is expected
that Marysville will be reached about
6:30 n. m. Those who are about to be
initiated into the mysteries of the order
have made elaborate preparations for
their first walk over the hot sands in
search of knowledge.
Mechanics'- Institute Lecture.
The r.ext lecture, in the series being
given by the Mechanics' Institute will be
delivered to-night by Henry Payot at the
Mechanics' Institute library buildlnz
The lecture will be on "Japan — Tiie Land
of the Rising Sun," and will be Illustrated
with stereopticon views. The lecture Is
free to members of the Mechanics' In
stitute and their friends.
Hanged Himself in the Park.
The body of an unknown middle-aged
man was found hanging to a tree in
Golden Gate Park yesterday afternoon bv
Frank Krug of Engine Company No *> of
the Fire Department. Nothing was found
in the suicide's pockets to indicate his
identity. The bodjr i 3 a t the Morgue
ORDER OF ELKS
ENJOY EVENING
Christmas Tree Delights
a Large Number of
"Bucks."
San Francisco Lodge* No. 3. B. P. O.
Elks, held a Christmas tree festival at
Its clubrooms on Sutter street and Grant
avenue last night, which was pronounced
by the 300 or more Elks who were present
as one of the pleasantest affairs of ita
kind ever held in the, city.
In one corner of the big hall a large
Christmas tree, prettily decorated, was
placed. It was loaded with presents, some
of them so big 1 and weighty that a num
ber of muscular members of the order
were appointed a committee to keep the
branches off the floor.
Mayor Schmitz, who is a member of the
lodge, was present and entered into the
spirit of the affair. He received numerous
presents, every one of which was appro
priate.
•'Wilhelmina" Harris was the distribut
ing agent and he kept the large crowd
laughing heartily with hla funny remarks.
In the hands of Judge J. C. B. Hebbard
the celebration was not allowed to draff.
The Judge can "sire" a jinks and he can
also play at Santa Claus with the best
of them.
While none of the presents cost more
than 10 cents every one of them contained
some sort of a josh on the foibles and
idiosyncrasies of the receiver.
During the distribution of the hundreds
of gifts refreshments were served, and
-when at a. late hour the tables -were strip
ped and the tree bare a jolly, lively crowd
poured from the hall, all bemoaning that
Christmas came but once a year.
The "Weighs and Meals" committee
which arranged the affair is composed of
the following: J. N. Odell, D. S. Jacobs,
R. P. Churchill, F. E. Beck, J. K. Polk,
T. R. Turner, C. H. Ward, G. W. Bauer,
C. H. Robinson, C. C. "Westover and C.
W. Nevin.
FULL DELEGATION FOB
STATE LABOR COUNCIL
San Francisco Has Representation of
Eighteen Hundred According
to the Last Election. .
Information was-furnished.to> the Labor
Council delegates by,- Secretary l3d Rosen
berg at the meeting last, night that from
every union in Calif otisia delegates had
been elected.:, The pro rata set forth by
the call gives on»- delegate to every one
hundred, bufno- one union can have more
than ten. . fi 7
Notwithstanding this rule San Francisco
alone will have a representation of 1800.
WJiether this, number is seated or not
cilts no figure with the unions, as they
intend to show their strength by the elec
tion of one to every one hundred.
The State convention will assemble in
Vallejo on January 6 and it is expected
that it will be on.e of the largest labor
representations ever assembled on the
Pacific Coast.
The appointment of "Walter Macarthur
as one of the committee on arbitration,
recently organized in the East, is consid
ered a great honor for the- local labor
leader.
DR. KASPAE. PISCHEL'S
HOUSE DAMAGED BY ITRE
Explosion of Gas Supposed to- Se
the Cause of the Con
flagration.
Fire broke out last night In the attic of
Dr. Kaspar Fischers residence at 1S1T
California street and considerable dam
age was done before the department ex
tinguished the flames. The quarters were
occupied by servants and it is believed
that the fire was caused by an explosion
of gas.
The residence of F. "W. Dohrmann ad
joining was slightly damaged by smoke
and water. The buildings are owned by
Dr. Pischel. The roof and upper portion
of the owner's residence was considerably
damaged by the explosion. The alarm
was turned in from box 183. «_j
~«~ \r
Iroquois Hold a Jinks.
The representatives of the Delaney fac
tion of the Union Labor party and the
committee appointed by the Iroquois Club
met last night and decided, upon the sug
gestion of T. Carl Spelling, to continue
their deliberations upon the question of
the acquirement of public utilities, through,
the holidays and make a report as soon
as they could decide upon just what they
thought the people needed. The members
were then entertained at a high jinks In
the clubrooms. A number of musical se
lections were rendered and speeches were
made.
Child Run Over and Killed.
"William Englehart. the four-year-old
son of Mr. and Mrs. Englehart of 36 Mor
ris avenue, was run over and instantly
killed yesterday afternoon by a wusrou
1 elons^rr to the Milwaukee brewery. Tfco
child was playing in the street with stile?
children and fell in Irjnt of the vehicle
near the corner of Morris avenue and
Bryant street.
The driver, William Gottschalk, was ar
rested and charked with manslaughter.
He was released on a bond of $300.
Suicide of J. Sullivan.
J. Sullivan, evidently a laboring maDJ
about 50 years of age. committed suicided
last Thursday evening at the Coso House,
411 Sansome street, by taking poison. A
packet containing white powder was
found on the bureau in the room he oc
cupied. ■EhVESSEL DROPS
TO BAY BOTTOM
French Bark Henriette
Suddenly Passes Out
of Sight.
Sailors Reach the Shore Be
fore the Old Craft
Found era
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or.. Dec. 27.— The little
| French bark Henriette, ESS tons, met with
a peculiar accident at an early hour this
morning and now lies submerged in the
upper harbor with a bole in her bottom.
She sank before daylight, but all the men
reacbei shore in safety as they had am
;-ue warning of the bark's condition.
For some time past the Henriette had
been lying at safe anchorage, but the
plow that carr.e up Christmas eve drove
her out of the channel. Owing to her
Enaaa draft, however, she was not con
sicerec to be in danger and no effort was
rrsaae to tew her haclc into deep water un
-..1 yeserday afternoon. At that time the
rug wal»l& went to the bark, but the
pilot advised that e\,t> be permitted to re
mam v.here ehe was as the weather was
so severe that it wculd have been difficult
and dangerous to take her in tow.
Ihe night tide fell very low and about
xO o clock it was noticed that the vessel
-iad grounded. Soon after she began
leaking -and soon there was three feet of
water in the hold. Notwithstanding that
the pumps had bocn manned the water
gained steadily and ci launch was sent
ior. The men were taken ashore.
Before dnwn the vergel had eunk to the
'hotlcrr, whtn? she now iies. At half tide
her de^k is even with tho water, while at
righ water, it is entirely submerged.
"Whether the vc-sec-I struck" a rock or set
tled or. her own anchor is a question that
has not yet been answered, as no exami
nation has been made. It is thought,
however, "that the anchrr forced the hole
:n the bottom. , That she 5s badly dam
aged la evident, but nothing will be done
i:ntii tbe owners have been heard from.
i re Henriette came here seeking a
'< barter. She was condemned and could
:<ct load grain owing to the condition of
rcr decks.^ut later^w-as given a lumber
• nart*:- a: a- very low - rate. She had
tect of roda-oo3 for Kng-land.
She came here in charge of Captain Du
r.s. but he left her and Captain Vaughn
was sent cut from France to take com
mand. ; Tine bark is an old-timer and be
ing: or Iron is in a dangerous position
The 3rit:s?h Riverside had a. narrow
csccpe from, serious damage, to-day. She
was coming down the river in tow of a
steamer and got out ot the channel, one
ot t"ie bu.tyi? having shifted from its po
fcition. Before the. vessel's predicament
wks realized ehe had touched bottom on
tne S;lva <ie Grass? reef, but was floated
a short time later without damage.
The French bark Duguesclin was also
aground this afternoon for a time but
v. as floated by the tug Wallula. AM the
accidciits were due to the storm that re
tently raged.
AUSTRIAN 2KFER0B, ORDERS
EXFTJXSION OF GAMBLERS
Principals in the Baccarat Game at
the Vienna Jockey Club Go
Into Exile.
VTE-C?C A. Dec. 27. — Emperor Francis Jo
gf pb, has ordered the expulsion from Aus-
tria of the principals in the baccarat
grame cf December 21. when at the Vienna
Jockey Club Count of Potockl lost 5500,030
during' three hours' playing. Count Palla
vicini "sinning- most of the money. Counts
Jorm end Joseph Potocki have retired tn
Russia. Gambling- for -targe amounts of
money is illegal in Austria.
Funeral Services Over Major Bslknap
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— Funeral ser
vices T - ere conducted to-day over the re
mains of Major Hugh R. Belknap, late
rayrr:a:?ter in the United States army,
v.lio died In the Philippines. The casket
oontainlng' the body was escorted from
ihe depot by a squadron of cavalry from
Fort Myer. A large number of army and
Congressional friends were at the ceme
tery to pay their last tribute of respect.
The regains were deposited beside those
cf nis father. General Belknap, former
Secretary of War.
ATJ V ]£&'. T1SKMENTS.
+++■+<• + + 4 + + +++J H-+* ♦♦'♦♦♦>♦♦
"*" ■ "^**>^ X
\ The Inner Man I
♦ •'-■'[■ ■ - ' ;• +
♦ A delightful surprise, a charm +
+ to the p2late and cheer and "f
~X co:nfcrt t3 the inner man is +
•♦ found in the perfection of +
! Hunter I
I Whiskey \
X X
4, Its secret is: - %
It gratifies and always Sitisfies. £
♦ 4-
+ Always Best +
„+ f^m »y{ x
r+ Every Test J.
-*- CHRISTY & WIPE COMMISSION CO.. +
■♦- Int.. 223-21*5 California St., San +
Francisco. Ce 1 .. Telephone Main S73. ■♦■
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRIWK
best frATLHSAL AUtaltnsl Water
"* -m* UllOADWAY. N. T.
. , , . !
We are prepared to furnish unexcelled black,
also jrray.. roofinjr elate, manufactured at. our
quarries In El Dorado County. We Invite com-
parison with any Eastern Elate.
On application full information will be fur-
nished Intending builders.
EUREKA f LATE CO.
rtocm 15, Second Floor. MI1U Building,
£an Franclico, Cal.
NEW STEAMSHIP SIMON J. MURPHY
ARRIVES FROM THE GREAT LAKES
Big Vessel Is Renamed and Will Run on the Coast in the
Dollar Line—The Toyo. Kiseri Aisha's America Maru
Comes From the Orient With a Valuable Cargo
THE NEW STEAMSHIP SIMON J. MURPHY THAT HAS BEEN RENAMED THE MELVILLE DOLLAR AND IS
NOW ONE OF THE DOLLAR STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S FLEET. SHE IS A GREAT CARRIER AND WILL
MAKE A SPLENDID COLLIER.
AMONG the arrivals yesterday
were the steamships Simon J.
Murphy from Baltimore and the
America Maru from the Orient.
The former has had her name
changed since she left Baltimore and Is
now the Melville Dollar. As such she
■will be known In the future and will now
make one of the "Dollar line," to which
the Arab was added a few days ago.
The Melville Dollar v.-as only built a
ehort time ago and is 209 feet long, 38 feet
broad and 14 feet deep. She was built en
the great lakes and is a big carrier, out
has not much passenger accommodation.
She was only seventy-two days steaming
time coming here from the East and the
only time there was any trouble was
when she was off Point Pillar and ran
into a hurricane. The vessel weathered
the storm without much difficulty, how
ever.
But few passengers came in on the
America. Maru. Her cargo is a very large
and valuable one, but outside of the ten
second cabin and forty-two Chinese and
forty-four Japanese in the steerage she
only brought home the following named:
R. Abe. Lieutenant Albert C. Allen. Mrs. A.
C Allen infant and maid, A. C. Bryer, J.
Clerfayt, Mrs. J. Clerfayt, Mrs. Conroy, Mrs.
E. F. Earle, A. Fagot. N. J. Fcote, G. T. Ford.
Mrs. G. T. Ford, Ed Freschl, K. Fujil, 1\
Fitzeibbon. Miss K, Fitzgibbon. /L,. L. Gll
lespie Henry S. Oodfrey, K. Haidai. A. C.
Harrison Jr.. Mrs Hayner and three children.
Dr. H. M. Hiller, Lieutenant K. Iida (I. J. -N.),
Rev. N. A. Johnson. Hies Julia JohJison, Mr.
Lihachott, Mrs. Lihachoff, Miss Bertha- Lcyd.
Mrs. S. A. AlofCatt, S. F. Moore. Mrs. S. F.
Moore and three children. N. Nakajima. K.
Otsuki Miss M. E Phillips. Mr. Pon Sin. Mrs.
Pon Sin Miss Pon YouofC. Miss Pen Cu, S3.
Salto. Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Spicer (U. S.
M. C.) M Tanaka, MrB. M. Tanaka. Captain
S. Tomioka. A. H. V»*hiie, Mrs. A. H. White,
Chin ICuns Yeuns.
Commands a Wind-jammer.
Captain J. II. Lane is again in com
mand of a wind-jammer. In the old days
he was master of the Germania, then of
the Gleaner, then of the Harry Morse
and then he moved over to the steamship
Valencia. Now he gives up the latter and
goes back to tail and will take the Ken
nebec from here along the coast and then
to Australia. As a shipmaster Captain
Lan? nas made a record all along the
coast and the Pacific Steam Whaling
Company is more than sorry to lose his
services. As the chances are that the
Valencia will be sold to the highest bidder
In the near future she will probably so
Into some foreign trade. Captain Lane
did not want to take any chances, so he
moved bag and baggage from the Valen
cia to the Kennebec.
Trouble on the Point Arena.
The father of two young men who had
taken passage on the steamship Point
Arena made trouble yesterday. He did
not want the lads to sail and vowed tho
ship was leaking three inches of water an
hour. He caUed up the Inspectors of hulls
and boilers, but those gentlemen insisted
that the vessel had passed inspection and
was free to go and come as she pleased.
In any event the young men sailed on the
vessel and the- father saw them wave him
a joyous *'good-by."
Water Front Notes.
Among the passengers who will sal! on
the Thomas January IS will be Captain
George H. Whitney, Carl F. Lehners and
George D. Clagett. The former is Inspec
tor of hulls, Lehners is inspector of boil
ers and Clagett is the secretary of the
commission. They will go to the Hawaii
an Islands as United States Inspectors of
hulls and boilers and all the vessels now
in the inter-island trade will have to pass
through their hands. If the vessels are
not up to Uncle Sam's requirements they
will have to retire, and in consequence
there is quite a flutter among owners in
the islands at this time. Messrs. Whit
ney and Lehners assert that there will be
no discrimination and every vessel now
plying in Hawaiian waters will have to
come up to the requirements.
B. J. Smith, a x machinist, was seriously
injured at the corner of East and Mission
streets yesterday. He was on his way to
Vallejo when a San Mateo car ran him
down. At the Harbor Hospital it was
found that he had been injured about the
head and some bones in his left hand
were broken.
__ . —
NEWS. OF THE OCEAN.
The BritUb ehip Alcinous loads wheat at this
port for Europe, C2s Cd, 'chartered prior to ar
rival. The British ship Inchcape Rock is char
tered for tvheat at Portland for Burope. 40s.
prior to arrival. The ship Charmer will load
roal at Oyster H2rbor for this port; the British
steamer Arab, coal at Nanaimo for this port.
A Cargo of Wheat.
The British ship Muskoka was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown, for orders, with 78.0S1
ctU of wheat, valued at 58.5,000, and 25,000
It lumber ae dunnage, valued at $375.
Exports to British Columbia.
The etearcer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
carxo for British Columbian ports valued at
$541** The cargo Included the following:: • 4000
lbs beans, CM0 lbs rr.alt, 4125 lbs dried fruit,
i:i95 lbs wheat meal, 249 gals cocoanut oil, 400
lbs sugar, H c% arms and ammunition, 200 lbs
chocolate. 110 bxs pa*te, 6 pkgs dry goods, 3
bales leathern. 45 pkg« fruit. 4 pkgs vegetables,
12S lbs coffee, 21 cs atsorted canned goods, 80
gale wine, 8 pkgs hardware. 1150 lbs nuts, 2
cs honey, 250 lbs raisins, 129 pkgs machinery,
1095 lbs etarch, COO bxs candles. 80 pkgs gro
crifs snd provisions, 100 tins matcher, 19 cyls
gaii, 2347 ft lumber.
The steamer also carried 1805 lbs hops for
Sydney, Australia, valued at 5199, and 500 cs
lemons for Lowell. Mass.. valued at $2000.
Notice to Mariners.
NOONDAY ROCK, CALIFORNIA.
Tbe report that Noonday Rock bell buoy was
adrift December 23 wu an error; the buoy is In
Its proper position. 1200 feet SW. »i S. from
Noonday Rock, and about 3 miles W. % N.
irom North Farallon Islet.
This notice affects ths List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1001, page 18.
SANTA BARBARA, CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that Santa Barbara
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
whistling: buoy, black and white perpendicular
stripes, marked "St. B.," heretofore moored
about one and a quarter miles S. by E. Vi E.
of Santa Barbara wharf, California, has dis
appeared—probably sunk. It will be replaced
by another whistling .buoy /as soon as practi
cable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. PaeiHc Coast. l'JOl. page 14.
By order of the Lighthouse Hoard.
_ J. B. MILTON,
Commander, U. S. X.. Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights cf High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NO1B — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-Street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tne height of tido is the same at both places.
• SATURDAY. DECEMBER 28.
Sun rises 7^*4
•\ uu se * 3 ■..■.■.■.■.■.■.:.".:.v.4:58
Moon rises .... l;jJ . ■ 3;53 p. m .
C jTime |TTine Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft, Ft
•_!H_W L W H W . L W
H.1 ?,'li £- a 7:04 2e 1:Oe 0.8 "7:48—0.3
-i» J:t>C 5.4 8. OS S.5 2:06 5.2 S:31 0 1
30 3:3S 5.4| 9:17 2.4 3:10 4.0 9:1«5 d.ti
31 4:21 5.5]lO:3u U.2 4:19 4.2 10:01 12
1 5:1'J 5.5111:50 1.9 5:41 5.S 11-07 ' ' 1 8
2 6:05 5.4 12:49 1.6 7:02 3 7
I- W. H W L W H TV ■'"'
3 0=02 2.3 0:uU 5.4 1:42 1.2 8:10 3.7
_4 0:51 2.C 7:35 5.4 2:23 0.8 9:^8 3.8
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early murntns tides ire given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
flay in the order of occurrence oh to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides a3
£^J?. e^ imes °° cura - The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
tigrn precedes the height, and then the number
ffiven is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogra jhic Office TJ S N Mer
chants' Ezohanse. San Francisco," Cal .
December 27, 1001.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenv.ieh mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant U. S. Navy in Charge
Steamer Movements.
to arrive.
Steamer. From. ~ Due. "
Mandalajr. . . . Coquille River .. rw •>«
K. Dollar. . . . Ran Pedro " ' ' D ee '>%
Australia Tahiti '"" D ec is
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ! " Dec ->S
Despatch San Pedro Dec " v2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. . Dec' 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec' "8
Herodot Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec! Zi
Kureka | Kumboldt Dec r A
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay... Dec" 2!i
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec" 20
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Dec "u
State of Cal.. San Diesro & Way PtS.IUec' •"•
Wellington . . . Oyster Harbor Dec i")
Santa Uarb.. JJIumboldt Dec". 30
Knipire Coon Bay * n«- '<n
VZailh ...Seattle '...'. Dec *10
Washtena-w. . | Tacoma Dec" "0
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma ' Dec' SO
Nome City... Seattle Deo' "]0
Czarina (Seattle & Tacomn Dec.' :;i
Columbia i Portland & Astoria Dec 31
Rival tWiiiapa Harbor Dec' !*U
Crescent City I Crescent City Dec 31
Coronado. ... ! San Pedro ...... Doc *U
Maria iXanaimo " d cc ' 31
Pomona IHumboldt ;' Dec' '»
Alameda jHonolulu ' Jan" 1
Mackinaw. . . iTacoma j an ' J
Santiago Valparaiso &- Way Pts. Jan' '»
Pt. Arena. . . . Point Arena j an 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Jan.' 2
fcanla Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Jan 2
City Peking.. China & Japan Jan 3
North Fork.. Humboldt : . . . Jan 3
■ TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 2S.
North Fork .Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
H. Dollar.. Seattle & Everett... 5pm Pier 2
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 5pm|Pier a
Corona.... Newport & Way.... Dam Pier H
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pin Pier 'i
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven 5pm Pie- 10
San Juan.. Pnnama & Way Pts. 12 m PUSH
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm FMSS
Pomona... Humboldt 1'ttOpipler 0
December lif), )
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. .. lOamlfier 2
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 anilPier 21
Eanta. liosa San Diego & Way.. 1) ami Pier 11
December U<>. |
Eureka Humboldt 12 mlPierl3
Rainier Seattle & N Whatcm 5 pm|Pier 2
December 31. |
Mandalay.. Coquille River SpmlPier 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 10am Pier 13
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 9am Pier 16
Empire.... Coos Bay ....12 m Pier 13
■Inimary 1.
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Walla Wall Puget Sound Ports . . 11 am Pier »
January 2.
Coronado. . Grays Harbor 5 n m pj er o
XomeCity. San Diego ..., pj er
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
January 3.
Columbia.. Aetorla & Portland. . 11 am Pier 24
_^ FROM SEATTLE. .
Steamer. For. ~ Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Port3 Dec 30
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Al-Ki Rkagway & Way Ports. Jan. 5
Eertha... Valdez and Kodlak Jan. 7
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 27.
Stmr Simon J Murphy, Gow, 81 days from
Baltimore, via Sand Point 35 days.
Stmr Pleiades. Smith, 4^ days from Comox.
JfP stmr America Maru, Going, 20 day* 11
hours from Honjrkonjr, via Yokohama 17 days
10",4 hours, via Honolulu ,6 days 7 hours 0
minutes.
Ship Eclipse, Larsen. 0 days from Seattle.
CLEARED.
Friday, December 27.
f.'tmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Br ship Muskoka, Crowe, Queenstown;. G W
McNear.
Whaling bark John and WinthroD, Macom
ber, whaling; Pacific Steam Whallm? - Co.
, SAILED.
Friday, December 27.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr "Westnort, BWcsson, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Asuncion. Evans, Tacoma
Stmr Greenwood. Faeerlund, Greenwood.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Schasre, Eureka, etc.
.ftrnr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
bnlp Aryan, Pendleton, Queenstown.
Br ship Fernbank, Sherwood. Queen&town.
Br ship Muskoka. Crowe, Queenstown.
Sehr c s Holmes, Thompson, Gray* Harbor
and Santa Rosalia.
Sehr Del Ncrte, Jacobsen, Rogue Rlveri
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Simon J Murphy — Dec 1, Iat 38 5
S, Ion 80 40 W. J3r ship showine letters O L
Dec. 6, iat 10 S, ion 33 W— Ger bark Birma,
from Tacoma, for Kings Lynn.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Simon J Murphy — Sailed from Bal
timore Oct 7. Arrived at Sand Peint Nov 1C
and sailed Nov- 22. Steaming: time, 72 days.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT TOWNSEND. Dec*27— Schr Minnie A
Caine, hence Dec 13, for Chemalnus, i 8 ashore
en Smiths Island and is said, to be in a dan
gerous position.
Ship Eenj F Packard, from Honolulu for
Ladysmith, went ashore on Trial Island, n»ar
Vancouver shore.
Ship Santa Clara, hence Dec 15, for Oyster
Harbor, is reported ashore on Discovery
Island. Tugs have cono to assistance of all
vessels.
PORTLAND, Dec 27— Fr bark Henriette
dragged her anchor In Astoria harbor last
night and struck a rock and sank. Bulwarks
are out of water.
Ship Reuce. at Honolulu Dec 10, from New
castle, Aus, experienced rougrh weather during
the vojaKe, in which several sails were lost.
Schr John G North, at Honolulu Dec 10, from
Port Ludlow. exDerlenced very rough weather
during which some sails were blown away
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, at Honolulu Dec IS,
from San Francisco, had strong gales during
which the decks wore continually flooded with
water. A few movables about deck were
wasSied overboard.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 27, 10 p m-Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC ■ PORTS.
Ul'AK— Sailed Nov 24 — Stmr Discovery, for
Unalaslta.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Empire,
li?nce Dec 26.
Darbound J3ec 27— Stmr Arcata. for Ban
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 20— Br
ship C H Watjen, from Hamburg.
Sailed Dec SJ7— Stmr Mincola, for Nanaimo
KUREKA-Salled. Dec 27-Stmrs Newsboy
and Kureka. lor San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 27— Br stmr Slrath
gyle hence Dec 24; Br bark Castor, from To
capllla.
EVEKETT-An-ived Dec 27-Ship Slntram,
hence Dec 10.
Sailed Dec 27 — Schr Admiral, for Port Blake
ley.
. TACOMA— Arrived Dec 26— Stmr Czarina,
from San Francisco; Ger bark Robert Ri"k
iners, from Japan.
Sailed Dec *27— Stmr Washtenaw, for San
Pranclsco; 13r ship Scottish Lochs, for Queens
. PORTLAND— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr LaVmo.
for fcan i<rancisco; stmr Knight Companion
for Hongkong.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Co
qullle River, from San Pedro. ■
Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Coquille River, for Portland
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 2C — Stmr Nome Cltv
for Portland and San Francisco. "
Sailed Dec 'Si, 2 p m— Stmr John S ! Kim
ball, fcr San- Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for fc'an Francisco.
Arrived Dec 27— Schr Orient, from Grays
Harbor; schr Dora Bluhm, from Umpqua; schr
Luoy, from Umuqua; Etmr Samoa from
Bowpns Landing. A-
Sailed Dec 27— Schr Columbia, for BfUIard
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 24— Schr
Wra Bowden, from Shanghai.
.Sailed Dec 21— -Schr Lottie Bennatt, for Val
paraiso.
f'OUTH BEND— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Rival
honee Dec 23.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 26— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for Han Francisco
VENTURA— Seilcrl Dec 27— Schr Fanny Du
tard, for Port Blakeley; stmr Geo Loomis
hence Dec 2(5, and palled fcr San Francisco
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec 10— Schr John'i
Nortli. from Port Townsend; ship Reuoe f rot i
Sydney. Des U— Bktn Coronado, hence Nov
14. Dec 1J— Stmr Sierra, hence Dec C Dec
17— Bktn S G Wilder, hence Nov 27; Br stmr
Aorangi. from Sydney. Dec 18— Jnp Etmr Nip
pon Maru hence Doc 1J. Dec 1!)— Jap «tmr
America Maru, from Hongkong; schr MurlPl
from Grays Hnrbor. Dec 20— Bktn James
Johr.pcn, from Newcastle, Aus; hark Gerard C
Tobty, hence Nov 23; bktn W H Dlmond,
hfcnce Nov 2J; echr Robert Searlea, from New
castle. Auh; stmr Alameda, hence Dec 14
Sailed Dec 10 — Br Etmr Doric, for Yokoha
ma. Dec 11 — U S stmr Wisconsin, for Aca
pulco. Doc 12 — Bktn Enccre, for Port Town
cend; stmr Siorra, for Sydney. Dec 13 Stmr
Tamplco, for Seattle; Ger ehlp Llta, for Port
land, Or. Dec 11 — Br ehlp Euphrates, for Port
Town«end. Dec 18 — Jaj> stmr Nippon Maru
for Yokohama; Br stmr Aoransl, for Vancou
ver. Dec 10 — Bktn J L Evlston, for Port Town
eend: chip Roanoke, for San Francisco
KAHULUI— Arrived Dec 11— Schr Manila
from Iquiquf; schr S T Alexander, hence
Nov 10.
Cleared Dec 14 — Br bark'Klnross, for Lady
omlth.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 20— Bark Nuuanu.
for Honolulu. ' '
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAVRE — Arrived Dec 20— Ger atmr Serapis
hence Sept 1U.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Dec 22— Aus stmr Mar
gh^rita. for San Francisco.
ANTWERP — Arrived Dec 23— Br stmr Flint
shire, hence Oct 4.
COLON — Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Orizaba.
from New York.
OUXH A VEN— Arrived Dec 25— Br ahiD Ar
gus, from Astoria. . . .«
HONGKONG^-Arrived Dec 25— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Nov 11— Br ship Loch
Garve, for Astoria.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Nov £2— Br ttmr Vent
nor, for Vancouver.'
VANCOUVER — Arrived Dec 25— Br stmr
Aorangl. from Sydney.
PORT PIRIE — Arrived prior to Dec 27 Br
ship City fit Hankow, from Vancoux-er. •
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 27— Br ship
Brabloch, from Oreeon. -
ST VINCENT — Arrived Dec 26 — Br stmr
Glenlogan. from Tacoma.
ENSENADA— Sailed Dec 2S— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec 27— Br stmr San
tiago, for , San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Haver
ford, from. Antwerp; stmr Darmstadt, from
Bremen.
Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Laurentlan. for Glas
f HAVRE — Arrived Dec 27— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from New York. ■ - ' %
TENERJFFE.-Sailed Dec . 10— Stmr Isls.
from Hamburg. Genoa, etc, for San Francisco.
MOVILLE — Sailed Dec 27 — Stmr Ionian,
from Liverpool, for Halifax.
LONDON— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Minneapolis,
for New Yorlw r^g&tfMMtM«HMM
AMERICAN TRADE
STEADILY GROWS
Present Year Proves to
Be a Record-Breaker
in Many Lines.
Remarkable Showing Is Made
NotwithstandingSerious
Drawbacks.
NEW YORK, Dec. ,27.— Th(?.. annual re
view : r ot. American .trade, and in
dustry: prepared -'by 'Bra'dstreet's and
given publicity, to-'day? 0edar£s : 1901 to be
"a record ,breakeW amprigj^ihe five suc
ceeding years 'c£ •■coirime.rciai expansion
enjoyed by. the United States. Its pre
eminence, the : Review <>ta tee, 7 was all tho
more notable 'be.cause.:;it'' suffered triftn a
combination of happenings that In a nor
mal year would have proved- depressing,
if not disastrous. Enumerated In the lat
ter are the machinists'' and; steel strikes,
the stock panic DtMayftliOallure of sev
eral imprudently' managed'-; combinations,
the efforts. of some combinations, includ
ing that : in' -copper,'^ tt>,;$ix*pricps, the
shortage in corn', cottbn':'aritr oats, and the
assassination q£ •'■■ President '- McKlnley.
Summarizing the general situation, the
Review says: . ., .. . ., . -■
Briefly summarized, '..the, .Jyear has seen
transacted an eggregate of general business as
reflected in bank* clearings,, far- In excess of
any preceding period; . . has witnessed stock
speculation, rampant beyond .iths dreams of
old-time brokers, checked and curtailed by one
of the sharpest stock panics' li* history an-J
yet with a remarkable mlnlmnm~of disturbance
of general financial operations; has watched
general Industry and production grow stead
ily until new and larger figures - were needed
to express the outputs of coal/ ore. Iron, steel,
leather, lumber and a multitude ot other
branches; has seen the freight transportation
facilities of the country, strained to the break
ing point, prove Insufficient to handle the vol
ume of business offered, and' finally has wit
nessed a volume of holiday' business passing
all previous bounds both in quantity and qual
ity and the vastly increased, purchasing power
of the public in late years. From the stand
point of the present estimates the clearings this
year will exceed the highest records of preced
ing years by one-fourth. Gross railway earn
ings have increased 12 per cent and net re
turns have gained 16 per cent over the beat
preceding year.,. . • •-.- --:-..';•
Big Gain in Bank Clearings.
Piglron production will be not far from one
seventh larger than" the heaviest ever before
recorded. Shoe and shipments and
larger leather production have been apparent.
Iron production and shipments were never be
fore equaled. Anthracite coal production will
be fully 10 per cent larger than last year and
5 per cent heavier than the record. Woolen
manufacturing ha3 been helped by low cost of
material and good demand for clothing. AH
been legs money in cotton for the South this
year. The agricultural interest has been fa
vored by heavy, advances in farm products
which have done much to counterbalance re
ductions ■ in yield. Export trade has shown
signs of hesitation after years of steady ad
vance and imports have increased, but mainly
in materials intended for domestic manufac
ture, and the margin -in favor of exports is
still enormously heavy. : • ■
The bank clearings are estimated at
$118,000,000,000, a gain of 38 per cent over
last year and 26 per cent over 1*9!). i The
Middle States show the greatest increases
In clearings.
The failures for the year are placed at
10.SS5, with aggregate liabilities of $130,
000,000 and assets of $60,300,000. As to this
showing the Review says: ;
This is a gain of 8.C per cent in number
over 1900, and of nearly 12 percent over 1830,
but back of, that year comparisons favor the
current one. Liabilities have not sained rela
tively so heavily, as shown by the fact that
they are only 2.4 per cent larger this year than
last and 6.8 larger than in 1890. in only three
of the past thirteen years, in fact, were liabili
ties smaller* than they were this year. A
point often lost sight of Is that there is a
constant accession of new Individuals, firms
and corporations in business each year, and this
alone furnishes a basis for the recording of
numerous unsuccessful ventures. There are
now 172,000 more people in business than there
were a decade ago, an increase of 10 per cent
but failures have oilly increased 5 per cent in
number during that period and liabilities are
only 20 per effnt larger. A continuing un
favorable feature is the small percentage of
assets to liabilities. It la only 4Q.1 per cent
this year as against 47.2 per cent a year ago
and 52 per cent in 1S90 and 189S.
As to prices the Review says:
Wheat has reached the highest point since
1S9S; corn and oats are higher than fcr almost
a decade and other produce has sympathized.
Food products, as a whole; are- higher than
In the general price boom of 1000,- while manu
factures are lower, notable in this respect be
ingr leather, textiles, coal and coke, naval
stores, building materials, .chemicals . a: - j
drugs and miscellaneous products.
Imports Gain Slightly.
Prices as a whole are S, per. cent lower than
February. 1000, and . December, 1800, but are
hlarher.' than in any year- from 1803 until the
third quarter of 189!). . If othar products fol
low the lead cf. food products; a-s is not un
usual, a further advance, of-, tils. "former is not
unlikely. Iron and steel ■ -prices- seem to lead
in this latter day advance, but the other
metal3. have, broken.', away frpm them, and
copper, lead and tin arc weakening, the result
of failures of .injudicious, attempts at con
trolling production. Food products, largely im
ported] ' like ; eoffee ' and' sugirr "h.ave reached
the low-water mark .prices- ba- large produc
tion.'"-/ .,.:va'. -'*■;-. fcTBiiiVY
In summarizing ' the : f of ef£n - trade the
Review declares that there has been a
falling': off ..in" the"' demand 1 . abroad for
American iron, steel' and, copper, a loss in
profits in cotton exports." a' reduction in
the exports of ;qorn;;nnd\*p. a t4, phenom
enal-wheat, shipments ; aiyi larger ship
ments of/animals : a'n'u" nib visions.
Exports are estimated a't $l,'485,OOO,o6o or
1 per cent less than the "record of last
year. This calculation-treats*; Porto Kico
and Hawaii as American .territory. As
to imports tho' 'Review '"declares:
Imports .. have gained' sljgbtfjvi'they will ac
gregate at least $875.<XK),nOO, }l gain of 6 5 per
cent over 1900, leaving; the balance of domes
tic exports over Imports " not .far from $5tiO -
000,000, or the third largest excess In the
country's history. ■ .:'.'";.,, V.?'; ; ,
Trie Review states that, the activity in
transportation was .unprecedented The
outlook ia treate-I,. in; conclusion, as fol
lows: , ..'.".".•.-".••' :,.. ,,. i- •' v . .i
Many elements of strength and some of the
opposite character present themselves ■ to view
The .quietness of export -. trade,- , checked by
relatively higher prices here and lack of new
demand abroad, particularly in Germany
whlch country is reported selling iron and
steel products below cost. are. obstacles to in
creased shipments by this country. On the
other hand English trade, advices are rather
better and the predicted -early suspension of
hostilities in South Africa and the resumption
of large gold shipments from that section are
favorable features themselves. Eu
rope apparently must buy- our wheat and cot
ton freely, but as long as domestic activity
In trade, particularly iron and, steel, continues
the need of a foreign outlet. Is not regarded
as pressing. If only a portion of the high
hopes indulged in as a result of the recent
conferences of capital and labor, materialize
industrial peace and good commercial feeling
and prosperity will have been powerfully fur
thered. • • ■ : - ■ ■ ■
CZAR ACCEPTS INVITATION
TO ATTEND CORONATION
Will Visit England if Czarina Is t
Good Health at Time of the
Ceremony.
LONDON, Dec. 27.— It is said that the
Czar has accepted an invitation to attend
the coronation of King Edward, provided
the Czarina is in good health at the time
of the ceremony.
W. Curtis Wakefleld of New York is the
American who has leased Ditton Park,
near Windsor, for the coronation year. It
Is a magnificent mansion; surrounded by a
broad, deep moat, which is crossed by a
single bridge through an embattled,
arched gatehouse. A park of 300 acres
surrounds the- residence, which was the
home of the late Duchess of Buccleuch.
The asents of the estate . hope that
Wakefleld will ultimately "purchase the
property.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
the very latest color process.
Eight pages ■ in;" beautiful col-
ors that are pleasing to the eye.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 27.— Wl.nfield S. Arter, a, I
ell-known stock broker of this city, shot and |
Hied- himself at his home in the East End j
)-day. He had been in ill health.
PAINE'S CEI/EBY COMPOUND. - '
NATIONAL LODGE, /rasigaraated Association f fSHIIIlllf A
sf Iron, Steal and Tin Workers of fln IS^P^f j
GENERAL OFFICE. Bisscll Block, )
407 Seventh Avenue. *Ssfijs^
PITTSBURG, Pa., Cctobsr 16, 1901. wnfmrwniffiE^iaS^'i^invnrO
In 1S99 I was compelled to abandon my profession because" of nervous
prostration consequent upon exposure, hard study and overwork.
A number of physicians declared I would never recover, but I tried Pauie s
celery compound and in less thanta year increased in weight from 141J6 to 215
POl " 1 burin«* the recent strike of the steel workers, finding myself ready to col- .
lapse and fearing a recurrence of my former trouble, I returned to my former
friend, Paine's celery compound, and already am feeling more vigorous and
able to meet and discharge the duties of my- office.
Yours truly, T. J. SHAFFER, President.
Much so-called overwork of business men is the overwork of worry, care,
anxiety haste. These make the severest drafts on their vitality. Those who \
suffer from nervous debility, mental depression, sleeplessness or dyspepsia
find Paine's celery compound a powerful restorative. It regulates the liver
and kidneys, cleanses the blood and feeds the nerves and nerve centers all
over the body. Recovery from diseases of the liver, kidneys and stomach by
the aid of Paine's celery compound is lasting. It is the greatest of all modern
r ° S °Paine^s celery compound is prescribed by physicians who differ jn many
other things but agree in estimating highly this greatest of remedies for curing
diseases of the kidneys, rheumatism, gout,, dyspepsia, Bright s disease and
stomach disorders due to a deranged nervous system.
UNION PACIFIC
FILES REPORT
Directors Explain Pur
chase of Southern
Pacific Stock.
NEW YORK. r>ec. 27.— The annual re
port of the Unton Faclffc Railroad, em
bracing as well a statement of the Hnan-
S condition of the Southern Pacific
and a reference to a part of the Union
Pacihc In the affairs of the Northern Pa
cific, was made public to-day. The finan
cial < statement of the Union Pacific
showed that the gross receipts for the
year ending June 30 were $'3 538081, oper
ating expenses and taxes S24,537,14a and
total net income $22,172,001. The gross re
ceipts showed an increase ox $4,420,483, or
11 21 per cent, and the operating expenses
an" increase of $3,140,930, or 15.55 per cent.
The surplus was 15,178,175, to which must
be added $781,080 earned in dividends be
tween April 1 and June 30 by the North
ern Pacific stock held by the company.
The statement of the Union Pacific in
cluded the operations of the Oregon dhort
Line and the Oregan Railway and Navi-
V8$£SSSg« the Southern Pacific
showed that the gross revenue was . %u,
mm, operating expenses and taxes
J30 S73 013. Rentals, betterments, sinking
funds and discounts absorbea *2i,bO3,Sb7,
leavinjr a surplus of S3,4ot>,&6U.
As to the acquirement and control of
the Southern and Northern Pacific the
report said: i-
Developmrr.ts in - connection with the con
stantly increasing traffic ot the Northwest
and Df the States of the 1-aciAc Slope and he
vital importance of securing for the tnlon
Pacific system its due proportion of the tcn
nftEe and revenue tributary to its lines ren
dered it essential in the judgment of the board
of directors that stepg should betaken to main
tain and protect the position of the system and
to safeguard its future against combinations
of other lines. In furtherance of this policy
and for the purpose of developing and pX
fendtrg the business of the system and opening
new channels of interchange. the director*
darned it necessary to acquire $i.>,000,000 par
value of the capital stock of the Southern Pa
cific Company and $78,103,000 par value of the
stock of the Northern Facile . Railway Com
pany.
The report brought out the fact that
the title to the Northern Pacific stock
had been vested, in the Oregon Short Line
Company. The latter provided for the
purchase by the issue of purchase money
certificates of indebtedness which are held
by the Union Pacific Railroad Company.
The table of securities owned includes
$61,000,000 of these 4 per cent certificates
none of which are in the hands of the
rmhlie The balance sheet of June 30 con
tained in the statement of liabilities an
item of $23,202,247 as the current liabilities
of the Oregon Short Line. A footnote
said that this was the balance of indebt
edness incurred in the acquisition of se
curities of other, companies and in new
construction. Current liabilities of the
Union Pacific. were $6,6io430.
A map of the Union Pacific system giv
en out with the report contained a pro
jected line from Cafientas, Nev to Palm
Springs in Southern California on the
line of the Southern Pacific.
SPECULATION IN STOCKS
CAUSES CLERK'S DOWNFiCLIi
Trusted Employe of an East St.
Louis Bank Is Short in His
Accounts.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 27.— Theodore Duddles
ton Jr., formerly assistant bookkeeper of
the Stockyards Bank of East St. Louis.
111., was arrested to-day on. a warrant
sworn to by Charles T. Jones, manager
of the National Stockyards, charging him
with embezzlement. The amount named
in the warrant as embezzled is $11,854.-
Duddleston resigned his position with
the Stockyards Bank and informed the
bank officials of the shortage
27 He declared that speculation In stocks
and grain was the cause of his trouble.
The Fidelity and Casualty Company of
New York was on Duddleston's bond to
the bank to the amount of $10,000. Since
his resignation a month ago Special Agent
Wicken of the company has been with
Duddleston all the time. Duddleston, it
is said, has assisted in investigating the
books at tho bank.
Duddleston, as soon as arrested, waived
examination before Justice Driscoll • and
was placed under $30,000 bond to appear
before the Grand Jury of the St. Clair
County Circuit Court a.t Belleville Janu
ary 13 next. He furnished bonds.
Theater Crowd Applauds Schley.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.— Admiral
Schley and ' ex-Secretary of the Navy
Herbert occupied a box at the National
Theater to-night to • witness James K.
Hackett and company in "Don Caesar's
Return." It was the first time the ad
miral had -been in a'- public place here
since the verdict of the court of inquiry.
1 The house was crowded, and when the
I admiral appeared he was given an ova
| tion. the applause - lasting several mln
1 u * cs - iff"
PAN-AMERICAN
RAILWAY SCHEME
President of Conference
Appoints a Working
Committee.
MEXICO CITT, Dec. 27.— The Pan-
American conference at Its session to-day
approved {^recommendation to the sev
eral Governments on behalf of the Olym
pian games to be held in Chicago, as well
as the reports cf the committees on re
sources and statistics and on commerce
and reciprocity. The latter was altered
somewhat, giving its 'contents the form
of a resolution rather than a mere rec
ommendation. A new clause was added
at the suggestion of Pablo Macedo of
Mexico, whereby the various Govern
ments will, in six months after the ad
journment of the conference, send their
ratifications of the commerce and reci
procity, resolutions to the Bureau of
American Republics If they desire to ad
here thereto.
President Raigosa" announced the fol
lowing appointments made by him for a
committee to reside at Washington and to
interest itself in pushing the Pan-Ameri
can railway project:
Senator H. C. Davis, Manuel de Aspiroz,
Mexican Embassador; Andrew Carnegie, Man
uel Alvarez Calderon, Peruvian Minister, and
Antonio Lazo Arriaga. Minister of Guatemala.
The Archbishop of Mexico invited the
United States delegates to attend a relig
ious function at the Bassilica of the Vir
gin of Guadaloupe next Sunday morning.
Senator Davis accepted the invitation
with the understanding that the Ameri
can delegates -would attend in a purely
personal and unofficial capacity. All the
other delegates will also attend. This act
of the delegates from the United States
has pleased the clerical press.
EXPLOSION IN A POWDEB
MILL CAUSES HEAVY LOSS
Several Workmen Receive Serious
Injury by Being Struck by
Flying Debris.
.SCRANTON, Pa.. Dec. 27.— An explosion
in the barrel mill of the Moosic Powder*
Company at its Jermyn works to-day
blew tho mill and some adjoining build
ings to pieces and broke windows fur
miles around. The shock was plainly felt
in this city, a distance of fourteen miles.
Jacob Hiller, who was in the engine room
in an adjoining building, was fatally
burned. John Glbbs, H George Gebhardt
and George Forkel were struck by flying
debris and badly injured. Glass blown
from a window In Albert Carey's houso
struck his daughter and cut a deep gash
in her neck. It is feared she is fatally in
jured.
Scarcely a store or residence in Jermyn
escaped with a whole pane of glass.
A Delaware and Hudson passenger
train which passed about a quarter of a
mile from the scene of the explosion at
the time of the accident was swayed by
the force of the explosion and the passen
gers screamed with terror as the train
gave a sudden lurch. The cause of the
explosion is unknown. "• >.v
NORTHERN PACIFIC ROAD
TO LOWER FREIGHT RATE3
New Schedule Will Cover Territory
Between St. Paul and the Pa
cific Coast.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 27.— The Northern-Pa
cific will soon announce a revision of its
principal freight tariffs, covering the ter
ritory between St. Paul and the Pacific
Coast and establishing lower through
rates. Similar tariffs will be announced
at the same time by the Great Northern.
Northern Pacific rate clerks have been
at work on the revision for more than
two months. It is stated semi-officiallv
that the important feature of the new
tariffs will be the removal of discrimina
tions that have gradually grown for sev
eral years, and radical changes, especially
in local rates, that will adjust many sub
jects of complaint3 from shippers. .The
new Gr^at Northern tariffs will be'con
structed on smiilar lines. Both roads. It
Is asserted, will make voluntary-reduc
tions in rates, based upon the increased
earning capacity of their lines and the
growth of revenue.
Gales on Newfoundland Coast.
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Dec. 27.— Furious
gales swept the coast of Newfoundland
last night and wrought much destruction
among rishing-boats and fishing properties
at Bay of Islands, N. F., where several
American vessels were seeking cargoes
of herring. At Placentla, on the west
coast, the fishing boats suffered great
damage and the wharves and water front
buildings were destroyed.
ANDERSON, Ind., Dec. 27.— The Scott-
Browne business block was partly destroyed by
fire early to-day. It was occupied by Buck.
Beckley & Co.'s drug store and the furnishing
store of Hayes & Son. Loss JlO.CCo.
■ .
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley show no further variation.
Government increasing its demands for Oats. '■ .
Corn still dull. Rye held for belter prices.
Hay beginning fo advance owing to drying weather.
Bran 50c higher again. Other Feedstuff s unchanged.
Xo activity in Beans and Seeds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Dried Fruits as p?-ct r ioiis!y quoted.
Wool, Hops and Hides as before.
Meat market no higher, but very firm.
Oregon Potatoes slightly higher. Onions iintfiai! *?[}'.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Nothing nezv in Fresh Fruits.
Provisions quiet at unchanged prices.
Local stocks and bonds inactive.
Weather Report.
SAN FRANCIS.CO, Dec. 27—5 p. m.
The following art? the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, as compared with those of tame date last
reas-on, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
T^ureka 00 10.13 20. 6S
rted Bluff 00 9.C6 S.81
Pacramento 00 5. OS 7.08
Tan Francisco 00 5.50 7.22
Kresno 00 2.17 5.43
Independence 00 1.34 2.31
fan Luis Obispo 00 4.56 10.20
J.os Angeles On ' 2.45 6.79
;:an Diego 00 1.73
P^n Francisco data : Maximum temperature,
«y>: minimum, 49: mean. ES.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern eta
' Boston. 42-S2; Cincinnati. 40-34; Washing
ton. 3S-32: Jacksonville 76-56: Kansas City.
40-32: New York. 42-34: Omaha. 42-30: Du
luth. 2S-24: Salt Lake City. 44-26; Chicago,
2 1-2S; Et. Louis. 44-34; Philadelphia. 40-36.
THE COAST RECORD. i
B S 2 C V> **
STATION. | S IP^| S " ?
? * " ■ ; r* ?
Paker 30.68 36 24 NW Pt.Cldy T.
Astoria 30.64 46 3S NW Pt.Cldy .00
Carson 30.66 38 24 XE Clear .00
Eureka 30.50 f.0 3S N Pt.Cidy .00
Fresno 30.34 5S 32 N Clear .CO
Flagstaff 30. SS ;;0 28 ICE Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida.30.C8 30 22 SW Clear .00
Independence .30.34 C2 28 X Clear .00
Los Angeles... 30. 16 70 42 S Clear .00
Phoenix 00.26 .. 30 XE Clear .00
PorUand 30. CS 48 28 W Pt.Cldy .00
Hed Bluff 30.48 CO 44 N Clear " .00
Roseburg 30.66 40 30 Calm Pt.Cldy .00
fiacramento ..30.34 66 38 NW Clear .00
Ea!t Lake 30.62 :'.O 2« E Clear .02
Ean Francisco.S0.24 66 4S E dear .00
E. L. Obi»po...'50.22 66 38 N Clear 00
Er?n Diego. ...30.12' 70 48 E Clear .00
Brattle 30. CO 50 36 S Pt.Cldy T.
Btxjkane 30.00 40 SO S Pt.Cldy .00
Walla Walla.. :i0. «2 46 32 S Pt.Cldy .00
Vinr.err.ucca .r;0.G6 34 IS SW Cloudy .00
ruma o0.26 C2 S4 N Clear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the country
west of Uie Rocky Mountains. Unusually high
readings are reported from ail stations in Utah,
Nevada. Oregon and Washington. The tem
perature has fallen 12 degrees over Southern
Utah and Northern Arizona and 14 degrees in
the Sierra. A heavy norther has been blowing
throughout the day in California. Dust storms
»;e reported in Southern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 28. 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy Saturday, with
conditions favorable for rain by night; fresh
easterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; brisk
ecutheaft winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday and continued cold
«-eather: light variable winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair in the
morning, cloudy and threatening at night;
lirht northerly, changing to fresh southeast
er:!' winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
JCJSw TCRX. Dec. 27.— To-day'e dealings in
•tocks were in excess of those of yesterday
and the market had the appearance of strength
and activity throughout. A closer analysis of
results will show, however, that the activity
a.r.:i strength were mainly in a few prominent
etocks. In fact, there was active realizing
going on all day, and when belated borrowers
on call found the money rate rielng sharply
over their demand the movement to realize
became general. The top level of prices was
considerably reduced, and as a consequence the
market chov.ed no disposition to rally, clos
ing dull and steady at the reaction. The high
ly industrials were the conspicuous
features cf the market all day with Sugar etill
in the fore-front, but with a considerable re
vival of speculation in Amalgamated Copper.
Sugar wavered in the early market after open
ing a fraction higher and touched lllvi be
fore the support In the Ktock became effective.
It was lifted to 117% and closed at 115%, a
net gain of .'J 1^ points on the day and a net
Iocs cf % since Saturday. The week's cam
paign in the stock by the bears was thus pretty
conclusively demonstrated to be a failure. The
price of refined sugar was advanced by all of
the companies to-day and there were confi
dent predictions that the duties on crude sugar
■w.^uld be reduced. Similarly hopeful views
-wore expressed regarding the copper Industry,
ani Amalgamated Copper, with the dividend
rff. Advanced to 71 % and closed a point lower.
wiiioh is equal to a net gain of 2%. The spec
ulation also continued active in Manhattan
anil that Etook rose an extreme 2 points, but
*h ,»■» a net gain of only %. In the railroad
3isi the principal activity continued to center
In the coalers and in the transcontinental
Croup. There were Indications of profit-taking
In some of the oalers, the Readings being the
only one of the group to make a gain. Atchl
wen exhibited the greatest strength on the
.favorable showing of net earnings for No
vember. The annual report of Union Pacific
oeufied some waltzing in the stock, but it
rsllied well. The buying in the general list
e*e:ned to come from large interests, and
orders were executed by Individual brokers in
large cmounts. There was some evidence of in
vestment demand among high grade stocks.
The. bond market was active .aad strong
Total sale?, par value, $3,000,000.
Dnited States refunding 2s declined >£; the
f«- registered % and do coupon »i • per cent on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchl».'n 42.400 80i,i 79 79S-.
Atchison pfd ti.'oO 102 101% JOi''w
BaJtimore & Ohio.. S.'MO 304% 103 104
Bait & Ohio pfd y3ii
Canadian Pacific... WJ 113', 11314 mu
Canada Southern... MM £«>,» SO 86
O-.e«.apeake,&; Ohio 1.500 47 4C")i id'L
Chi &. Alton 700 35% 35W 35S4
Chi & Alton pfd... IKiO 78% 7<j'v« 7OW
Chi Ind & Louis... 11,400 51>-s <9 7 /fc m4
Chi Ind & Louis pfd 000 76Vi 75 £ 7.- ( «
CM & Eastern 111. 400 135 33.". 134*?
<hi & Gt Western. 4,<XK> 21% 24 24&
«-hl *Gt W A pfd .... Kt
Chi & (it W D pfd. 1,000 4*Vi 4Si; 47^
Chi & Northwest.. 40<» 200 • 205 204 1 2
Chi R Island & Pac '.♦00 151% 151 100 '
Ohi Term & Tran* ... W
Chi Term fr Tr pM 29 r -i
C C C St LkjuIs... R00 !>£\ 0<! StSV*
Colorado Southern.. 1. 5<>O 14% 14% 14^,
Colo south 1st pfd. ;i.:»or» ra^j '58% t>9'1
C"lo Fouth 2d pfd.. j.joo 28»n 27% 28 '
Delaware &■ Hudson 1.. r .<K) 177 14 175*4 l*«>9i
Fel Lack & Wett.. 2.4O0 2^0^ 2IS' 200
en & Rio Grande .VX» 44 Vi 4:>'i 4351
t>t>n & R G jjfd... 800 iti'A, 91 "4 ©S«*
trie 11R.400 41U, 40*. 41 'x
fHe 1st pf<3 Kl.rjfMi 71% 73« 73%
Krie 2d pfd....*. ... 3.«00 r,o^ r,s% 59>-i
I-t Northern pfd... tin') JM14 Jfc4 ljvj
liockir-g Valley J.DOfi 73^4 72 (.71 1 *
Hocking Val pfd.. 800 KGU 85 S4'/j
(Ufno!* Central ... 7!>O 138-"!i 13SI J.'»
Iowa Centra I 37
lona Central pfi 71"
Lake Erie West.. 4^0 f^'i CO <£»4
L E & Western pM 12(5
touis & Nashville. 3.7O<) 10«" 4 306 JW'i
Menhatten ITleiat. 6J.<^!> 13S% 1.10% 137U
tfet Street Railway 3.100 1C2 161 161 Vi
J Mexican Central... 9,300 25% 24H 2536
Mexican National.. 100 1414 14 14 14%
Minn & St Louis... 200 107^ 107% 1071*
Missouri Pacific 23,300 106% 105^, 105%-
Missouri K & Tex. 100 25Si 25-'<4 25»A
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 600 53 5294 52 y.
New Jersey Cent.. J.500 1S9 lSo% 189
New York Central. 7,.'iOO 168 HJ6% 1W~£
Norfolk & Western 1.100 57 56% 56Tfe
Norf & Wen pfd.. ]00 91 \t, 91 \<t 91
Northern Pac pfd.. 600 99;i •- 'Mlk OO^i
Ontario & Western 9,500 35>i 34>| 34T&
Pennsylvania 13,100 149»i 145^ 148U
Reading 112,700 53 51 Vi 521*
Reading 1st pfd 7.100 ' S2>4 Slh-s SIS
Reading 2d pfd 33,400 62Vi (jl^ 01%
St L & San Fran.. 1,400 56 Vi 55% . r >o£
St L & S F 1st pfd .... 83
St L & S F 2d pfd 4.300 74 73% 73%
St L Southwestern 27
St L Southwest pfd 600 59 5S% 57
St Paul 27,300 165«A 164»i 164 Vi
St Paul pfd 17,000 190»* 190*4 189 '
Southern Pacific... 25,500 61% 60 T^ 60 %
Southern Railway. 14,300 30Ti XS^ 33%
Southern Ry p£d.. 3,000 04 03'yS »3»«
Texas & Pacinc... 1,100 39U 39 liS-fi
Tol St L & West I8vt
Tol St L & W pfd. 500 348J 34»,i 33^
Union Pacinc 56,300 103?i 102?; 103Vx
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.650 90 S9V> S9%
Wabash 3.700 22«i 22Vi '^^
Wabash pfd 17,100 43V* 42% 42?S
Wheel & L Erie.. 100 lSy. ISto 18%
W & L E 2d pfd 29Vj
Wisconsin Central. 300 20^ 20 "-i SO-"};
Wisconsin Cent pfd. 1,200 42 4l}| 41
Express Companies —
Adams 190
American 600 204 204 204
United States 92
Wells Fargo 190
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 125,800 71% -G~% 70%
Amer Car & F 800 30% 30 30 H
Amer Car & F pfd 200 SU% £6% S6%
Amer Linseed Oil 15
Amer Lin O pfd 43
Amer Smelt & Ref. 2,700 44% 43Vj 44U
Amer S & Ref pfd. 400 97U 95 \A 97
Anaconda Min Co. fi.OOO 32^ 31 " 31U
Brooklyn Rapid T.. 12,400 C6H 65 G5Vi
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 600 SS^i 88 86%
Consolidated Gas.. 2,500 217% 215^4 217^i
Continental Tob pfd 600 114 114 " 114H
General Electric... 6C0 2S3?£ 283 % 2S3
Glucose Sugar 4C0 39 38Vj 38
Hocking Coal 200 17 16% 16
International Paper 900 21 14 20^4 21
International P pfd 400 76 75 \' a 76 U
International Power 8S
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit .. 200 44 43% 44%
National Lead 300 . 16V a 15>i l«<-i
National Salt .^i
National Salt pfd <5i '
North American fl,3
Pacific Coast : 75
Pacific Mail 700 46 45v& 44*4
People's Gas 5.200 102% 101 V. 102ii
Pressed Steel Car. 1,500 39Vfc 3S"^ 38%
Pressed Steel C pfd 300 83 82 '3 82
Pullman Pal Car. 200 218% 21014 217^
Republic Steel .... 1.400 15 vi 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 1,400 CSU 67U • C7*£
Sugar 87,000 117% 111% 115%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 1,200 64 63V> «3>i
Union B & P Co 14"
Union B & P Co pfd 73U
D S Leather 4,700 12% 11% 11%
U S Leather pfd.. 300 8I14 81*4 81 H
IT S Rubber . ... 13
U S Rubber pfd 4Si,i
TT R Steel 34.100 43'i 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd 7.500 mil 93' !>.'{£,
Western Union 1.100 91% 91 in lg
Arcer locomotive.. 1,300 31 "4 31 14 31%
Amer Loco pfd 1.4CO 90'4 90 " 90^4
Total shares told. 906.500
NEW YOr'K: BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg lO8*4f''< & Nash unlf 4s.lO3
U S ref 2s coup.. 109 V4 lex Central 4s.. 83 7 4
U S 3s reg 10SU lex Cen 1st inc. 31^4
U S 3s coup 10S-;t rl & St L 4s 103
U S new 4s reg...lS3>4 vl IC & T 4s 1)7%
U S new 4s ccup.139^ M K & T 2ds U2U,
U S old 4s reg...lll'i Nf T Central lsts.106%
U S old 4s coup. 112% N Y Cen gen 3^8.110
U S 5s reg 107% N J Cen cen 5s.. 134
U S 5s coup 10V«4 Northern Pac 4s. 105%
Atchison gen 4s.l0u 1 .« Northern Pac 3s.. 73^5
Atchison adjt 4s. 94% Nor & W con 4s. 102%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103 Reading gen 4s.. 09-4
Bait & Ohio 3^s. OOUJSt L & I M en 5s.ll7>4
Bait & O conv 4s.lO5% St L & S F 4s.. 97%
Can South 2ds. ..109% >t L & S W lsts. 96%
Central of Ga 6s. 107 it L & S W 2nds. 79%
Cen of Ga 1st inc. 70 San A & A P 4s.. 89%
Chesp & O 4%»..1O7 Pac 4s. 93
Chi & Alton 3%s. 80 Southern Ry 5s.. 124
C B & Q new 4s. 98% Tex & Pac lsts.. 119%
C M & Et P gn 4s.ll2% T St L & W 4s.. 81%
Chi & N con 7s. .140% Union Pacific 4s. 107
C R I & P 4f....lO6% Union Pac cnv 4s.lO6%
C C C& St L g 4S.104 Wabash lsts 118%
Chi Terminal 4s.. 89 Wabash 2nds 114
Colo & South 4s. Wi Wabash deb B... 67
Den & R!o G 43.103% West Shore 4s 114
Erie prior lien 4s.-100% W & Lake E 4s. 91%
Erie gen 4s 90% Wlncon Cen 4s... S0«.
Ft W Sz 1> C Ist.105% Con Tob 4s .. 05%
Hocking Val 4%s.U0
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2<J"..ittle Chief 32
Alice 4'< Dntario 8 00
Breece 75 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con ... 15 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel . . 06 Potosi 05
Con Cal & Va 1 00 Savage 04
Dead wood Terra .. f.0 Sierra Nevada .... 22
Horn Silver 1 90 Small Hopes CO
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 55
Leadville Con .... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — I Mining —
Call loans 4%@5% Adventure 19U
Time loans 5@6 Allouez 3%
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 70TJ,
Atchison 4s 102 Baltic 37
Gas lsts 81 Bingham 25
Mex Cen 4s 80% Calumet & Hec... 620
Railroads — Centennial 14
Atchison 79% Copper Range ... 54
Atchison pfd 101% Dominion Coal .. 4S!a
Boston & Alb 259 Franklin 13
Boston & Maine. 191 Mohawk C0%
N Y N H & H...211% Old Dominion ... 24
Fitch burg pfd ...144 Osceola 83
Un!|n Pacific 103% Parrot 31
Mex Central 25 Quincy 137
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. 3
Amer Sugar 115% Trlmountaln 35
Amer Tel & Tel.. 163 Trinity 14»A
Gen Electric 282% United States ... 14%
Maes Electric ... 33% Utah 2-IV4
Mass Electric pfd. 01 % Victoria 5
United Fruit 95% Winona " 1 %
U S Steel 42% Wolverine 51
U S Steel pfd ... 93
London Market.
XEW TORK, Dec. 27. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The settlement occupied attention on the Stock
Exchange to-day and business was meager
after the holidays. *The tone was cheerful,
however; the Argentine settlement counteract
ing the bad effects resulting from the Boer
success.— The American department was good
throughout, finishing strong on New York sup
port, particularly of Atchison and Union Pa
cific There is some talk over here of a New
Year's boom in the market, but London dis
likes this week's traffic returns of some of
the big railroads and is inclined to ask whether
the poor showing | 8 due to the storms or
trade conditions. Then, too, we want to see
the Northern Securities Company ncrlp dis
posed of. rtio Tintos rose to 41 and Anacondas
to 0>,4. Copper sold at £48 the ton. Gold to
the amount of £201,000 has gone to Germany
and £45,000 Is in from • Australia.
CLOSING.
«o^«?? it^r- 27 — A "aconda. 6%; Atchi
son. 81 H: Atchison preferred. 103%; Canadian
Pacific, 116%; Denver and Rio Grande, 45%-
Denver and Rio Grande preferred. 97; Erie
42%; Erie preferred. 75Vi; Northern Pacific
&S£ %^\ he % P ,V lfic ' «2%: °UnfoS Pacing
10fi% .;rF5 lon Paclflc Preferred. 91 Vi.. Bar sil
ver, 25%d. Money. 3>4@4 per cent?
Neiv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— Money on call was
firm at Ci^9 per cent; closing offered at 8 per
I cent, rrime mercantile paper. C®5 per cent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
h\i«?n?5. i k ? ge . was lrre^lar. with aciual
and at ti «£??£?£; £?" s at * 4 S6% for
rates 4 £rlV l i i P % i or slxty days - ' Postpd
will's! «H^. 8 oH and ?4 87^- Commercial
bills $4 S2%<ni S3JST. Bar silver 65'4c Mex-
St a^ PR OlI . a n r n Sl tf %C - Bonds-Governments.' w"ak;
States. Inactive; railroads, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. , 27.-To-day'e state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold -re
serve in the, division of redemption shows-
M15 ! 703 093 CaSh baIan f e - S173.906.91S; gold.
Bank Clearings.
XEW YQRK.Dec. 27.— The following table,
conjplled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the; principal cities for the week endea
December 36. with • tho percentage • of Increabe
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year. ,.; ,..
... _. ■ ' • " ' Inc. Dec.
New York. $1,176,877,359 .1
Chicago 142.150.C70 16.0 '
St. Louis 45,960.700 -41 5
Pittsburgh ....... 36\454,998 10. S
Baltimore 18,505.795 8.6 .'."
San Francisco 1S.C69.106 -7.4
Cincinnati ; 15.SGS 750 8 3
Kansas City 15.840.064 .... 2 6
Minneapolis ...... 13.034.347 85.0 ....
Cleveland .... 11,602.139 13.7
New Orleans- 18,777,337 2 8
Detroit 10,264.549 31.7 ' .'.'.
Louisville •...-.-... . 8.126,609 7.9
Indianapolis ..... 8,037.802 24.0
Providence : ...... - 5.699,900 ..;. 5 6
Omaha .....;.... 6.344,143 14.2
Milwaukee 6,00(5,055 12 2
Buffalo 5.448.118. 11.3 .;..
St. Paul ........'. 4,782,132 11.0
Savannah 4.0S3.522 .... 4.4
Denver 3,712,261 11.7:
St. Joseph ...... 4,105.702" 31.6
Richmond ...:...,. 3,320,200 39*3
Memphis .;...... " 2,440,778 21 '. 6
Seattle ......V... 8.198.498 47.2
Washington 2.503.545 14.5
Hartford 2.119.203 19.7
Los Angeles 3.230,601 44.8
Salt Lake City .. 3,373,585 47.6
Toledo 2,223.608 13.7 ....
Portland, Or 2.102,932 8.5
Rochester 1,838,552 .... 5.7
Peorla ' 2.450,481 10.2 ....
Fort Worth 2,437,3(14 21.6 ....
Atlanta 2,631,595 24.4
Norfolk 1.2S8.553 19.4
Des Moines 1.359.494 6.5
New Haven 1.27G.642 7.4
Springfield. Mass. 1,249.253 7.5
Augusta 1,660.931 10.0
Nashville 1.458.512 13.6
Worcester 1,373.201 26.5
Grand Rapids .... 1,108.482
Sioux City 1.424.099 33.3
Dayton. 0 1,170.500 3.3
Syracuse 1.1C«,744 (2.9 , ....
Scranton 1,450,003 i~
Portland. Me 1.107,630 8.3
Spokane 1.145,067 39.1
Tacoma 1,091,258 4.5
Evansville •■ 629,8;!0 23.0
Wilmington. Del.. 1.046.637
Davenport 749.S93 15.0
Fall River 946,600 .... 8.7
Birmingham 1.244,779 14. C
Topeka 1,127.179 24.9
Macon 7S6.OOO 87.8 ....
Little Rock 850.403 15.0 ....
Helena 711,302 8.3 ....
Knoxvllle 609,762 17.5
Lowell 628.932 31.3 ....
Wichita 556.331 25.7
Akron 440.700 10.5
New Bedford 422.602 15.9
Lexington 495,039 2.7
Springfield, 111.... 475.809 8.6
Blnghamton 300,600 4.7
Chattanooga 399.705 13.0
Kalamazoo 393.463 4.6
Fargo ."... 404.393 10.9
Youngstown 458. 30S 40.9
Springfield. 0 304.449 22.5
Rockford 299.550 21.2
Canton 347.000 .... 10.4
Jacksonville 810.834 S2.4
Sioux Falls ...... 235.876 57.7
Fremont 86.00'J 20 . 3
Bloomington, 111.. 156,000 13.. 7
Jacksonville. 111.. 161.084 11.0
Columbus. O* C.926,100 7.3
Galveston* 8.5S4.O0O .22.2
Houbton* 11.310.648 46.0
Colorado Springs" 950.S44
Wheeling, W.Va»* 588.242
Wilkesbarre" 794.454 <
Albany 3.214,018
Beaumont 172,336 . . . .' ....
Totals. U. S $1. 840,626.446 3.0
Outside N. Y... 603.749,587 9.1
CANADA.
Montreal $13,768,277 8.4
Toronto 0.SS0.707 8.0
Winnipeg 3.425,474 72.6
Halifax 1.636.349 13.5
Vancouver, B. C. 719.501 11.7
Hamilton 731.062 4.0
St John, N. B... 683,954 7.9
Victoria, B. C... M8.868
Quebec" ' 1,242,145
Totals, Canada. $31,364,249 12.0
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearinss.
••Not Included in totals because of no com
parison for last year. ■
Bradstreefs on Trade.
* — i : : *
"\ . ' " *■• .""■■ ■• ■ • " ■'•■
NEW YORK. Dec-27^-Bradstreefa.to-mor
row will say; » ~i ' i f ■ * : '
Reports of a record-ijreaklng holiday trade,
of seasonable quiet "In leading wholesale lines,
of exceptional. activity^ at .top prices In iron
and steel, of sustained activity ,'lR; ; other indus
tries, continued j complaint of car" and motive
power shortages; p.nd a -hardening of
speculative markets for food products are the
features of trade advices to. Bradstreefs this
week.
The year ploses/with a burst of activity in
Iron and steel: Pig Iron' sales for the week have
never been equaled at this season and lack of
adequate transport fa'cllitles alono is;a bar
to a still greater volume of distribution. The
outlook is for a production of 16,000,000 tons
of pigiron of 30,000,000 tons of ore and of 12.
000 000 tons of steel in 1901. Prices have ad
vanced of late and $15 75@16 is freely paid at
valley furnaces for Bessemer deliveries In the
first quarter or next year. In finished products
the mills are crowded- with business. ■ Wire
rods have advanced SI per ton. In the coke
trade supplies are piling up near the ovens,
but furnaces are shutting down owing to the
lack of cars to move one to tha other.
Wheat apparently cut- loose, from corn thi3
week and displayed exceptional activity and
strength for a holiday week. The winter wheat
markets took the lead In this respect, buying
being especially good at St. Louis. Reports
of lack of snow over the winter crop have been
received, but reports of a smaller surplus in
Argentina, better cables, light receipts West
and Northwest and smaller gains in the vis
ible supply have all been features. Export
business has rather been checked by the rise.
Corn has been dull, though steadied by wheat,
while oats have firmed up a little. Provisions
have shown more strength and cheese has been
helped also. •-
The cut in refined sugar of 10 to 25 points
Is really a reflection of the reduction i In raw
quotations, though talk of the "war" con
tinues. .
Coffee is stronger and in better demand.
Business failures for the week number 219,
as against 262 last week, 213 in this week last
year. 220 in 1890, 218 in 1898 and 297 in 1897.
Canadian' failures number 16, as against 24
last week, 15 in this week a year ago and 22
In 1S99. ■ '
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
If any evidence Was needed of the unparalleled
prosperity with which this nation has been
blessed during the paEt year the expenditure
for Christmas Blfts- and decorations should be
ample. Distribution of Christmas goods among
the employes of large firms and corporations
was online same scale, often the Increase over
last year amounting to 100 per cent, while the
profit-sharing at the end of the year will
reach an unprecedented figure. It is noticed
that Southern trade shows less i satisfactory
gains 'over last year than at other sections,
which is not surprising, as the principal ! pro
duct of the South has averaged from $8 to $10
a bale less than a year, ago. while the quantity
thus far marketed shows no commensurate In
crease. ' . • .
Following closely upon the interruption by
floods and storms last week tran«norting and
manufacturing facilities were fu ""'• handi
capped by numerous accidents. Ii. furnaces
and steel mills were tied up and ■»■ move
ment of coke was hampered. This'.cculted In"
such insufficient supplies of fuel that many
stacks were banked at a time when full ac
tivity was especially desired. , The situation
as' to coke is more critical than at any* pre
." ■ ■■•.'■ ' .. ' ; '., v ' : ■ ■-■: . : ■'.'•>■' ''■'■' '■■'.■ : ■ ■
vious time this season. * The output In the
Connellsvllle region has been at a record
breaking pace for a month or more, . but stocks
accumulated at the ovens because motive power
and cars cannot be secured. Pig iron produc
tion is no longer at the high mark recorded
when December opened and with fancy prices
for fuel it is natural that Bessemer sheets
advance.
•Business in wholesale dry goods ' has been
Interrupted by hqllday influences and stock
taking ■ among jobbers. Cotton goods ruled
quiet, apart from ( the demand for converters,
which was on a liberal scale.- Cotton mills
are sold ahead for several months as a rule
and there is no urgency to make new contracts,
especially in view -of the uncertain raw ma
terial.
■ In the woolen goods division overcoatings
find ready purchasers. ; while prices on some
lines just opened are about 5 per cent higher
than Jaet season. : .
Wool Is strong and turning upward, with a
good demand not only from mills and dealers
but on speculative account. Stocks are closing
the year In much better/condition than at the
start, exceptional consumption having made
large Inroads. Footwear shops are actively
engaged and are shipping much more heavily
than a year agro. Leather and hides are strong,
but comparatively Quiet.
A decidedly high price level has been main
tained in the leading staples, with, options
trading pf good dimensions despite the double
holiday at the Produce Exchange. Wheat re
covered most of the recent moderate decline,
supported by a fairly steady decline. Not
withstanding the high level of quotations rs
compared with earlier years exports for. tha
week from all ports of the United States, in
cluding flour, amounted to 3.!>40.972 bushels.
compared with 2.765,014 bushels a year ago
and 2.417.01S bushels two years ago.
- Interior receipts were light and flour mills
have been handicapped by the car shortage,
which made it difficult to bring in raw ma
terial or take out the finished product.
Corn continues about CO per cent over the
price a year ago. which readily explain? At
lantlc exports of only 313.25S bushels, against
8,319,258 bushels last year. . •
Sugar became conspicuous through the ng
frressive cutting of quotations by competing
refiners. Raw gradep declined slightly on ac
count of bl? crop estimates and other outside
influences, but the fall in standard and granu
lated was disproportionately heavy and at the
bottom point, after deducting all rebates, no
profit could .be figured. Even at the lowest
price buyers were slow to take advantage, evi
dently anticipating more favorable terms.
Failures for the week number 250 In the
United States, against 237 last year, and 23
in Canada, against 18 last year.
New York Grain and Produce.
*._ , — *
NEW'. YORK. Dec. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,050 barrels t exports, 25.2G5. Easier, but
not quotably lower.
WHEAT — Receipts. 104.500 bushels; exports,
7244. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 83%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 94%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened easier because of disappointing
cables, rallied on the strength of Northwest
markets, -but later eased off again,- reflecting
poor export demand, bearish foreign news and
local realizing. Closed w<*ak and *£c net lower.
March closed at 87%c; May, S0 7 /8@S7 7-16c.
closed 87c; July, S0%<gS7c. closed oti-?;c; De
cember. SO^&SO^ic, closed S5V.sC.
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
7 1-lCc; mild, quiet; Cordova. 7>4@llo. Futures
closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points higher.
Total sales. 02,750 bags, including: December.
$tt 80; January, $0 C5®6 75; February, $0 SO:
March. $t> 90@0 05; May, S7 10@7 15; June.
$7 20; July. $7 30@T 35; September, ?7 00: Oc
tober, $7 55: November, $7 (J5.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 3-16c:
centrifugal, 9tt test, 3 3-32c; molasses sugar,
2 15-10c; refined, steady; No. 6, 4.15c; No. 7.
4.05c; No. 8 4.95c; No. 9. 3.90c; No. 10. 3.S5c:
No. 11. 3. SOc; No. 12, 3.S0e; No. 13, 3.75c; No.
14, 3.75c; standard A, 4.55c; confectioners' A,
4.55c; mold A, 5.10c; cut loaf, 5.2oc; crushed,
5.25c; powdered, 4.S5c; granulated, 4.75c; cubes,
5c.
BUTTER — Receipts, 61C0 packages. Steady.
State dairy. 15JJ2.!c; creamery. 10{f25c; June
creamery, 15@21}£c; factory, 12ViS'25Vic.
EGGS — Receipts, 10,700 packages. Steady.
Western, at mark, ! 2332Sc.
DRIED FRUITS,
A fair run of orders for desirable grades of
evaporated apples was reported again to-day
and the feeling was generally firm at well
maintained prices. State, common to good, b'@
8M:c; prime. 9@0%c; choice, iMi^lOc; fancy,
10%@llc
California dried fruits were inactive but
steady at old prices.
PRUNES— 39i@7c. V
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9^@
12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c: unpeeled, 7^2©
12V£c. "
Chicago Gra'in Market.
it ; -«•
CHICAGO, Dec. 27. — The: Liverpool open
ing, after the holiday vacation, showed lack
of appreciation of recent advances on this side.
The weather in the Southwest was not in
imical to winter wheat and Northwest receipts
were liberal. With this array of bearish In
telligence- May opened hi.<S>\ac lower at 82 %@
S2%c. Buying for the country account caused
an advance early to 82%c. this being tha
highest point of the day. The market had
poor support, save when close to 82c, or at
that figure. It was" owing to buying at this
price that apparently saved' the market from
further decline. The purchasing operations
were credited to manipulators. The selling was
largely in the way of profit-taking. The close
was steady, May %c down, at 82c.
The corn market was again dull and feature
less. May closed easier, %®%c under Mon
day, at CO%@UGJ/.c.
Oats were exceptionally dull. Hay closed
%c down at 45 Vic. .
Provisions were strong on a light run of
nogs and a good country demand. May pork
closed 5c higher; lard and ribs each 7Hc im
proved. Jj .
, The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open High Low Close
Wheat No. .2 —
December . . 78% 79 79% 78*4
May 82H 82% 82 -82
July 82V4 82% &1% 81%
Corn No. 2 —
December .. 641,4 64% • 63% ' 63%
May 0(3% 00% G6% 66%
JU O J ;tsNo."2- CUW • W% 6(H& 6G *
December .. 44% 44% 44% 44^
May 45% -45% 45^6 45?i
July ....... ' 39VS 39V4 S8fl 39
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 16 90 16 90 16 82U 16 S2W
May 17 40 17 50 17 20 17 30
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 10 10 10 15 10 07^ 10 07U
May 10 10. 10 22^ 10 10 •' 10 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January g C2Vi
May 8 90 9 00 8 S5 8 85
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 74@79c; No.
2 red. 85@SGV4c; No. 2 corn. 63 Uc; No 2 yel
low. C4c; fair to choice malting barley • (il@
63c; No. 2 white oats. 47%@4S%c; No. 3 white,
4ii/i@4S%c; No. 2 rye, «6c; No. 1 flax seed
$1 54; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 50; prime tim
othy seed, $0 35@G 45; mess pork, per barrel
$15 90@16; lard, per 100 pounds. $10 lOifp
10 12%; short ribs sides .(loose). $8 C0(ff8 70;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%#~y.c; short
clear sides (boxed), J9©0 10; whisky." basis of
high wines. $1 32; clover, contract grade," $9 50
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 49.000 45,000
Wheat, bushels 98,000 32 000
Corn, bushels : 144.000 R3*000
Oats, bushels 240.000 lGfi.OOO
Rye. bushels 23.000 7 000
Barley, bushels 111,000 15 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries. l. r >!??24i,£c; Dai
ries, 14@20c. Cheese, steady. 0iA®10^Ac Eggs
firm; fresh, 24@25c. '
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
■WTieat— "• March' May.
Opening ; 039; 0 4^
Closing 6 3? 8 C 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 22 15 ' 22 05
Closing 21 95 ' 22 85
Flour —
Opening 27 85 28 SO
Closing 27 70 28 SO
New York Metal Market.
NEW J-YORK, Dec. 27.— Tin In London eased
off 15s on spot and a full pound . on futures
under liquidation, closing easy in tone,- with
the former quoted at £100 and the latter at
£103. Locally the market was quiet at $23 50
@23 75.
Copper was dull, weak and nominal at $13
for lake; $12 87V4 for electrolytic and $12 50
for casting. Values at London declined 10s to
£48 for spot and £48 10s for futures, but busi
ness was slow.
Lead dull, unchanged, both here and in Lon
don, closing at $4 and £10 3s 9d respectively.
Spelter dull and nominally • unchanged at
$4 40, while prices at London were raised 3s
6d to £16 17s 6d.
Iron continues featureless and unchanged.
Pigiron warrants. $10 50(0)11 50; No 1- North
ern foundry $15 50@16; No. 2 foundry. South-
SriK^A'L 50 ® 15 50; No - l foundry. Southern.
SIS 50@16; No. 1; foundry. Southern, soft, $15
@17. ■ . - . - :-.. ■ , -
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 43s 6d and
Mlddlesboro closed at 43s 3d
Eastern Livestock Market..
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4500; slow, but firm; good to prime,' $6 40®
7 20; poo'r to medium. $3 75<3'5 90; stockers
and feeders, $2@4 25; cows, $1@4 65; heifers, ,
$1 E0@5 25; canners. $1@2 20; bulls. $1 75i§>
6 20r calves, $2 50@6; Texas fed steers, ?3 15
@4 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 19.000; to-morrow,
15.000; left over, 4000; active anri 10c higher;
mixed and butchers, S5 90@6 50; good to choice
heavy, $6 30@G 75; rough heavy, $5 90<§6 25;
light, $5 350^j; bulk of sales, $5 90@6 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.000; sheep strong;
lambs 10@15c higher; good to choice wethers,
$4@4 50; fair to choice mixed, $3@3 00; West
ern sheep. $3 25@4 25; native lambs. $3@6 05.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 27.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 530; steady to strong. Natives, $3 25@
7 25; cows and heifers. $1 25@5 25; veals. $2 60
®5 50; bulls and stags. 52@5 25; stockers and
feeders $2@4 25 '
HOGS — Receipts. 4290; 10@25c higher. Light
and light mixed, f6@6 65; medium and heavy,
$e@6 85; pigs. $4@5 15; bulk of sales. $6 25
@6 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 121: 15@25c higher.
. Nezv York Cotton- Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27. — The cptton market
was steady, closing with a net loss of 3@8
points.
, • Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 27.— WHEAT— Steady
at 5Sc for Walla Walla: 63c for blue stem.
Cleared— Steamship Knight Companion, for
Hongkong, with 42,057 barrels flour; steamer
Argyll,', for St. Vincent, with 170,783 bushels
wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Deo. 27. — WHEAT — lo , higher.
Blue stem, 62c; club, £lc.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or. Dec. 27. — Clearings. $4S4.
751; balances, $67,G05.'
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Dec. 27. — Consols. 04 3-16: French
rentes. lOOf 27%c. Wheat cargoes on passage,
firm, but not active; cargoes No. 1 Standard
California, 30s (id; cargoes Walla Walla. 29s 6d.
LI VERPOOL, - Dec. 27.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 5d@6s 5V-'.d; wheat In
Paris, dull: flour in Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32d.
• LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — $4 84 Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables _ 4 88 Mi
New York Exchange, sight... — ' 07U
New York Exch'ge. telegraph — 10
Silver, per ounce — . f>514
Mexican Dollars, nominal.... — 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures lower. Argentine shipments for
this year to date aggregate 31,2S6,000 bushels,
against 72,202,000 during the same time last
year. The Argentine crop is said to be look-
Ing well, as a rule.
Chicago opened easy on disappointing- cables,
and declined from 82%c to 82c, but The mar
ket was active at .the decline. . The shipping
movement continues to be restricted by the
Ecarclty of cars. There was considerable for
eign business on both sides of the market,
chiefly selling. A good many holders were
getting out on account of the forthcoming Gov
ernment report, which will ba out within a
week, prior notice being promised.
la this market futures declined, but ship
ping quotations showed little change.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05@l 06%: mill
ing $1 07^ per ctl.
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May — 4000
ctls, $1 08%.
Second Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 0S}i:
4000, $1 0S%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 32,000 ctls,
$1 0SV4- *
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, $1 0S%;
2000, $1 0$%.
BARLEY — The market rules steady at the
slight advance noted yesterday.
Feed, 81U&821/4C for choice bright, SOc for
NO. 1 and 77 1 ; i@78 ! J4c for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 85®S7Vic; Chevalier, SOc@
$1 per ctl. • . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — May — 4000 ctls, 61 lie.
Regular Morning Session — Xo sales.
(Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The Government has increased its
demands upon the market, and In addition 'to
the 6000 tons which it will take here and the
2000 tors at Portland, it will ask for bids for
2000 tons at Tacoma, making a possible 10,000
tons in all. The market "laturally continues
very firm under these national requirements,
especially as the local inquiry continues good
and offerings are not large. Prices rule firm
at the advance noted yesterday.
Advlcts from the north are very bullish.
The East is reported to be buying Oats and
Barley all over Oregon and Washington.
The Chicago market continues dull, with a
slow Increase in the movement from the farms.
Grays, $1 20® 1 25; whites, $1 20@l 37^; Sur
prise, ?1 30S1 40; black, $1 07%@l 15 for feed
and $1 20@l 25 for seed; red. $1 17%@1 20
per ctl for feed and $i 30@l 37% for seed.
CORN — This market continues easy and
slow. Chicago sends the same reports. Prices
teem to be settling at the <aiter place.
Large yellow, $1 30@l ."5; small round do.
$1 35@1 40; white. %\ 30@l 35 per. ctl.
RYE — Is firmer at 77%©SHic per ctl, most
holders -now asking the lattsr figure for the
best.
. BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per cental.
Flour and Millstu ffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras,. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers',
$2 75@3. • ' ■
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, 53 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats,$.~>; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, ■ $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $G 85®
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay is very firm and prices are quoted BOc
higher. The weather is looking dry In all
districts, especially, since the present drying
north wind commenced. Vhe farmers now say
that rain is : needed. • The Government has
called for bids for 2000 tons at Tacoma for the
army. . , ' .
Bran has again advanced 50c per ton. Mid
dlings are unchanged. Corn products are easy
in sympathy with the raw grain.
BRAN — $17 50@18 50.
MIDDLINGS— $19<320 00 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28; Job
bing, 528 &0®29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@31 CO: Cracked Corn, $31 50@32;
Mixed Feed. $1C®17.
HAY — Wheat, S9@ll 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat, ?9@11 50; Oat, $7 50@10 50; Barley
and Oat, $7 5009 50; Alfalfa, $S@10; Clover.
$G 00@7 50; Volunteer. ?o®8 50; Stock, $5 50
@7 50 per ton.
STRAW — 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
• The market continues very dull and of a
holiday character.
BEANS — Bayos, \%2 30®2 40; Small White,
$2 75@3 15; Large White. $2 80®3; Pea. $3 53
@4; Pink, $1 80(32 10: Red, $2 50@3; Black
eye, $3 50@3 60; LI mas, $4 25@4 50- Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 rer ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, S3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 40@2 60; Ca
nary, 3V4<53'ic for c Eastern; Alfalfa, . from
Utah, 8'/sc: Rape, l>ri®l?4c; Hemp, 3ViC per lb
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25®1 65; Gretu'
$1 25@1 50 per ctl. ■.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
; Pdtatoes continue In moderate receipts and
steady. - Oregon Burbanks have advanced
slightly. There is nothing new In Onions. . A
car came in from Oregon.
Peas and Beans', from Los Angeles are com
ing. In Door. -
POTATOES— S0c@$l 10 for Burbanks irom
the river: Salinaa Burbanks. $1 30@l 60- Ore
f:o^ B S rbank3 ' ?1 20 ® 1 6 °: Rlve r Reds, $1 50®
1:60; -.Sweets. 85c@$l for Merced.
@ ONIONS-$1 65@1 S5per ctl; Oregons. $1 50
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
f^' S^iV str *ng Beans f rom Los Angeles,
7@luc: Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl: Los Angeled
Tomatoes $1(81 25 per box. and $1 75®2 per
crate; Dried Peppers, 9@12%c per lb: Los An
geles do, 15@17>4c; Dried Okra. 12%®ir!c per
l« kTS l8> 35©50o per sack; Cucumbers. 2i@
r.0c; hothouse do. 50@"5c per dozen, with SK50
per dozen for fancy: T Garlic,: l^^Uc;- Lbs
Angeles. Green. Peppers.. 4c; Kgg Plant, from
Los Angeles. ; Summer Squash, from Lo«
Angeles. ; Marrowfat Squash. *5@8 per
ton; Hubbard Squash, $5@8; Mushrooms, nom
inal. ?■ '
Poultry and Game.
Poultry is In light receipt and good stock
Eells easily.' Receipts of dressed Turkeys con
tinue small, those yesterday being only 10
cases.
Prices for all descriptions remain about as
before.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@18c; Live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75®2; Goslings,
?2@2,25; Ducks, $4 50@5 for old and $5®tf
for young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters. $4 60
(So; old Roosters. $4g4 50; Fryers. $4<f£4 50;
Broilers. $3 50@4 for large and $3@3 50 for
Email; Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Dovea, per dozen. $1: Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush:
Mallard, SZ&CSG; Canvasback. $2@3 50; Sprig.
$1 50®2; Teal, $1@1 25; Widgeon, $1@1 25;
Small Ducks. $1; Black Jack. $1@1 25; English
Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3:
White Geese. $1 50; Brant. $1 60@2 per dozen;
Honkers. $3@4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
No changes in any description were reported
yesterday. Stocks of fine Butter and Eggs
were both well cleaned up and the feeling was
firm, though second grades of Butter were re
ported slow and rather easy than otherwise.
Cheese continued weak under large supplies.
Receipts were 24,700 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 627 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs. 23.S0O pounds of
California Cheese and 32,420 pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 25® 26c per lb for fancy
ar.d 20@23c for seconds; dairy. 17%@22c:
store Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Roll. 18©19c; Keg. IGaJISc per lb.
CHEESE — New, 12c; old. 10}j@ll%c; Young
America. 13c per lb: Eastern, lo@15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 34@S5c for selected large,
31@33c for good to choice and 30@32c for fair;
store. 24@27V£c per dozen; cold storage, 20®
25c; Eastern, 20@26c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Ripe and well-colored Oranges are gradually
cleaning up. but green fruit continue* slow.
Lemons and Limes are aa previously quoted.
There Is nothing- new In Apples and Pears.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@l 75 per box for extra. 75c
@$1 -25 for good to choice and 25@C0c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples. 75c@$l 50.
PEARS — Winter-kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 25@50c per box. .
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, ?!> 50@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. 75c©$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1 50@2
for fancy; Seedlings. 75c@$l 23: Tangerines.
$1 25@1 60; Japanese Mandarins. 75c®$l; Lem
ons, BOc@$l for common and $1 50$2 for good to
choice, and ?2 50@3 for fancy; Grape Fruit. $2
@3: Mexican Llme3, $4@t 50; Bananas, $1 75iy
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and 75c®$l 75
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The situation remains unchanged, the mar
ket being firm, with a good demand for all de
scriptions.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@S^c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7@8%c; sun-dried, 4@4%c:
Peaches, 6@7%c; Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted.
4®5>£c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 5<g5%c for
red and 5>i®6%c for white; Figs, 3©4c Ior
black and 2\i@3¥:C for white.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's," 5Vi®5%c; 40-50's. 4%@5V4c; 50-00'e.
4Vi@4%c; W-70S, 3%@4%c; 70-SO's, 3%@3%c;
isO-Ws, 2?iS3%c; 90-100'b. 2%®2%c per lb.
RAiaiNS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters
Imperial, $3; Dehesa. $2 CO; fancy, {1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown.
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 5%c; three
crown. 6V4c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5i4c;» Thompson
Beedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, &ttc;
choice, 7%c; standard, «%c; prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 5c. Bleached Thompson's
Extra fancy,- lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stand
ard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded. 7c;
choice ceeded, tt%c; do In bulk, fancy 6^ 4 c;
choice, 6%c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, lOfllc; Walnuts, No. l
softshell. 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hard3hei:
«c; No. 2. 7c; Almonds, 10!£@12c for paper
shell, 9@10c for softshell and t'.@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts.
12@12%c; Filberts. 12@12}=c; Pecans, llgiac:
Cocoanuts, $3 50(55.
HONEY—Comb. 12@12V-c for bright and 10®
HVJc for light amber; water white extracted.
5@t>c; light amber, extracted. 4@5c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27 %®29c per lb.
Provisions.
Previous prices rule In the local market, and
trade is reported quiet.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12Wc for light medium, 13Uc for light,
14^c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Eeef. $10010 60 per barrel;
extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear. $22 50323;
Mess. $13 50® 19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8^c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure: half barrels,
pure. ll%c: 10-lb tins. 12Vic; 5-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c: three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; flva tierces, 9%c per lb. -.-"• .. .
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about WiC under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9V£c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light:
Stags 7c: Salted Kip, 9^c; Salted Veal 9W,c-
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. lCVjc; Cull's 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry*Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@3Oc each; short
Wool. 40(?60c each; medium. 60085c; long
Wool. S0c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 50@2 75 for large, and $2@2 25 for medium.
$1 75 for small and COc for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 2501 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer*
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; larga and
smooth. • 50c ; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2.
4V'®5c: grease. 3c.
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquin, 6@Sc; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7V&@S%c; Middle County, 8@10c per
pound.
HOPS — 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. Local dealers quote 10@15c
for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Stocks of everything. continue light and the
feeling is firm all around.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7%®S^4<5 tor Steers and 6U®7c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@S%c: small. 8®10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8®S%c; Ewes. 7%©!»c
per lb. •
LAMB— »©9%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 fo 250 lbs 60 •
under 150 lbs. S^^S^ic; sows 20 per cent off
boars. 30 per cent off. and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hugs.
768%a • ■ .
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: lo
cal make, %c less than Calcuttaa; Wool Bags,
32®35c; Fleece Twine. 7%®8c.
COAL — Wellington. $3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $S 50; co-operative Walla
end. $S 50; Cumberland. $12 In Jjulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $10-
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions
$8 45 r«r 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases No. 1
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil,. In barrels, boiled'
6<c; raw, 65c; cases. 5c more; Lucol, 56c for
boiled and 54c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. 00c'
China Nut. 55@72c. per gallon; pure Neatsfoot'
in barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure. 60c *•
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon :
Fish Oil. barrels. 37%c; cases. 42 V4c;CocoanSj
Australian "' for Ceylon "d 38%o for
.COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. In cases. 20c; Astral 20c-
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene'
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; fn
Sn?? 9 ' iV*L' : Be nzlne. in bulk. 14c; in cases
20%c; Sfi-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in
TURPENTINE— CS%c per gallon In case*
an* 52 1 in rtrunn and Iron barn-Is
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags"
T><, CU ? 8S ',. • C /l£ hed ~ and Fin? Crushed, 5.05c.
Powdered 4.90c; Candy Granulated, 4. !Wc
£ ry .* G J anuIated ' 4 - SOc: Confectioners' A. 4 S0c :
Fruit Granulated 4.8Oc: Beet Granulated 10$:
o ¥™L °? ly ,^ 4 -T? c: Ma B no "a A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D. 4.10c; barrel* 10c
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER 27
Flour, qrsks... 10.36S Brandy, gals. ". 2 600
Wheat, ctls.... SO. 400 Wine. gal*.. aJTioO
• Barley, ctls.... 8,310 Leather! rol 1 9 . m
Beans, sks 120 Pelts. Mis. . . . ins
£> e . ctls 175 Hides. No... J^i
bugar. ctls 2.515 Raisins, bxs.:: li"
Potatoes sks... 2.432 Hops, bales. ... 33
»-:::: ns - : ,;-»
pS$B££ =£' Qu.cks,l. flsks.. 145
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
There la no further change In Butter, Egg«
and Cheese.
Poultry and Game are selllr.)? at last •week's
prices, but are not as plentiful aa they hav»
been. Meats are very firm at the higher prices,
and there are no signs of their being any
cheaper at the moment, as the supply Is more
i or less light all over the United States.
Fruits are now pretty well whittled down to
Oranges, Apples and Pears. Summer Vegeta
bles now come chiefly from the southern part of
the State-, and are high.
Some kinds of Fish are dearer.
Coal, cer ton —
Cannel $ @13 00 Southfleld
Wellington @11 00 Wellington $ 11 00
Seattle <g> 9 00 Coos Bay... © T 0O
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice. 8q50^55i Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 40#15 dozen 35040
Packed, per lb. .25(3 — Eastern Eggs.... — @30
Cheese. Cal 15^)17 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 17'S20 pound 15©20
Cheese, Swiss. ...20-335 Do. extracted.. 8®10
Common Eggs . . . —^30
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 14-gilSi Tenderloin do 15317. _
Beef, choice 13*320 ! Porterhouse do.l7^©20|^
Do, good 12%® — Smoked Beef 17@2O
Corned Beef lo<9 — Pork. «alt 10-312 vi
Ham 15@17 Pork Chops — ®15
Lard — @15 Pork Sausages.l2H@13
Mutton 10@12}£ Veal 15<31«
Lamb 12S15I Sirloin Steak. .: .12'<?15
Pork, f resh t 15® — I Round S teak . . . 10® 12 ft
Poultry ami Game —
Hens, each 50@75 English Snipe,
Young Roosters, Hare, each —£20
each 65c@$l per dozen... $300®—
Old .Roosters. ea.50®ti5 Jack Snip* 1 75©—
Fryers, each 50@65 Mallard, pair 50<375
Broilers, each. ...50<363 Canvasback. pr. ..">Oy73
Turkeys, per Ib..lS@23 Sprig, per pair.-50'g' —
Ducks, each...,75c@51 Teal, per pair. ..25@33
Geese, each..$l 50@l 75 Widgeon, pair. ..33'550
Pigeons, pair 40@50 Small Duck, pr..25<§—
Squabs, per pair. — ®50 Wild Geese, per
Doves, per dz. — @$1 25 pair 75c3Sl 00
Rabbits, each 15-gCO Brant, each 25 (JJ5
Fruits and Nuts —
Alligator Pears, 1 Grape Fruit, per
each 25<350 dozen 75c$$l 00
Almonds 15@20 Limes, dozen.... — <310
Apples 3@ 5 Lemons, dozen. .2$^:iO
Pecans — 620 Oranges, doz 20'§<3Q
Brazil Nuts 2O# — Pears, lb 8@12^
Bananas, doz 15@25 Pineapples. ea...3C(35<)
Cranberries^ qt/. — @15 Persimmons, doz.— «20
Cocoanuts, each. — @10 Raisins, per lb. . 5@15
Chestnuts, per lb.l5@20 Walnuts, pr Ib.l2^a315
Dried Figs, pr lb — @10
Vegetables —
Artichokes, dz..$l!f 1 50: Okra. dried, lb..—
Beets, dozen 1C@— Potatoes, pr lb..2@2^
Beans, white, lb. 6@— Parsnips, per d2. 10®—
Colored, per lb. 5@ — Radishes, dozen
Lima, lb 6® 8 bunches . . . .. . 13@20
Cabbage, each... 5>g — Sweet Potatoes,
Celery, head 5® — per lb.. ....... 2^3
Cress, dz bnchs. .20f830 Pase. doz bnchs.25@30
Cucumbers, doz. 20@25 String Eeans, per
Egg Plant, lb 30®—! pound ,15@28^
Garlic 4tJ 8. Summer Squash, •■*■
Green Peas, lb 15iW20 per pound — @15 '
Green Peppers.lb 6®10; Sprouts, per lb. .. B<9 8
Lettuce, per doz.l5©20rSpinach, per lb.. 5^— '
Leeks, dz bchs. .15S20I Thyme, dz bchs.25@"!0
Mushrooms, lb. ..50®75iTUrnIps. per doz.lO<gC^
Onions, per lb. 2^©^Vi 1 Tomatoes, per lb.15®—
Fish —
Carp — aiOiRea Bass ..—ft —
Catfish 12^— ! Smelts ..—©IS
Codfish 15(ra20i8oles- S'g'lO
Flounders ....12V4® — Skates, each 8(319
Halibut — ®15i Squid — © —
Herring 8<?J — ! Tomcod 12Vi.ft.15
Mackerel 15@ — Turbot 10-D -">
Do. horse 1C@ — [ Trout — <f—
Perch SftlO! Brook Trout — ©—
Pomplno 75c@$l OOiWTiiteflsh 10®—
Rockcod t — 015 Clams, gallon 50® —
Rockfish 10@12^i Do. hardshell.
Salmon, fresh 15@2o per pound S.fHO
Do. smoked 15@25 Crawfish — (SJIO
Sardines 100 — Crabs, each lZ(rt'2f)
Shrimps — @10 Mussels, quart... — (cf t$
Shad 10®— Oysters, Cal. 100.4OM5O
Striped Bass 15O20 Do. Eastern, dz. 25^40
STOCK MARKET.
AH stocks were dull yesterday, with no
variations worthy of remark.
The regular quarterly dividend of 60c per
share will be paid by the Market Street Rail
way Company January 10. •■..■»'. ■
The Xapa Consolidated and New Idria Quick*
silver Mining companies have declared th»
usual quarterly dividends of 10c per share,
payabl- January 2. ■ .
The dividend of the Empire Consolidated
Quicksilver Mining Company, payable January
15, is 80c per share, amounting to $150,000. the
flrst paid by this new corporation, which has
acquired the property of the Sulphur Bank and
two or three other California quicksilver claims.
The Wells-Fargo Express Company has de
clared its regular semi-annual dividend of 3
per cent and an extra dividend or 2 per cent.
This makes 8 per cent for the year, which was
the rate for many years prior to July. 1S&4.
Since then 6 per cent^ In two semi-annual In
stallments, has been paid. The dividend will
be 'paid on January 13.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Dec. 27—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.112^113% 4s qr c (new)139V£140
4s quar reg.lll*i,112% 3s quar coup.lOSVi —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay CPC 5s.lO8!ilO9 Oceanic 5s.. — 105
Cal-st Ss ...119 — Ombus C 63.120V1132
C C Wat Os.lll — Pac G Im 4s. 06 ' 100
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk<fc C H 6a 112
Fer&C H 6s.l20 — Pk&O R 6s. .121 —
<5eary-st 0s. — 100 Powl-st R 6sHS T 4120
H C&S 5%s. — — Sac EGR 5s. — 07U
Do 5s — 109 SF & SJV5s. — 123W •
L Ang R Ss.118 119 Sierra Cat 6a —
L A Lght 6s.l01Vi — S P of Ar 6s
Do gtd 63.100 — (1909) 113UH4 \%
Do gtd 5s.lO2%105t4 (1010) — — '
L A & P 6a. 00 — S P of Cal 6s
Do lem Ss.101 103 <1906)Sr A.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s.l27*i — (1905)Sr B.108% —
> Do lem os. — 123 (1906) ....llOV.lll
N R Cal 63..112H — (1912) ....120 —
Do Ss 121 ty — S P Cal 1st
N Pac C Ss.1071,4 — c gntd 5s.H0 —
N Cal R 5s.ll2%ll*t5 S P BrCal6s.l36H —
Oak Gas 5s.. 11314m S V Wat 6s.lll^ll2
Oak Tran 6s. 124 125 Do 4s 102-%
Do 1st c5s.Hl — Do 4s 3d mlOl 10HA .
Oak W g 53.105 — Stktn Gas 6s. 102 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74>4 76 I Port Costa. SSK 69
Marin Co . . . 5S — I Spring Val. . 861$ 56*4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2»» 2% Pac Light... 45 '~ 1
Eqt O L. Co. 3 3T-. Sacramento . — 33
Mutual — 5Vj S F G & E. 42 43
O G I, & H. 52 52*i San Fran.... 5U 6Si
Pac Gas Imp — 42i« ! Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firm's Fnd.215 — /
da Yuq
Anglo-Cal .. 79*a — ; L P & A 16H4 —
California . .418 — • Mer Ex (Uq). IS", —
Cal Safe Dp.U0!i — S F Natlonl.135 —
First Natnl..S30 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1930 2000 Sav & Lean. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.315 —
! IU F U !av a u'5"I — Unl ° n Trst - 1S0 ° —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..150 — 1 Market 90 90*4
Geary — 50}, iPresidlo 35ft —
POWDER.
Glar.t 80 S2y a /Vigorit ...... 4% 5
gan* 3K — iKIl'auea .... — 12 W
Hawaiian ..34 — Makawell .. 25 2*i,J
•Honokaa ... 10 10% Onomea .... 22 — '
Hutchinson . 14i£ 15 IPaauhau ... 10 10^4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.170 172 Oceanic S C. 33 00
Cal Fruit As. 95 100 Pac A F A 2% —
Cal V/|ne As. S9% — Pac C Borx!l65 -
Mer Exchge.110 — Par Paint... 15 —
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
•f •♦£.>. Morning Session.
Board—
200 Kern ...V.. 517%
200 Lion . vk
5O Lion ' I (,i
100 Occidental of West Virginia ".""** 21
f 00 Wolverine 50
■ Afternoon Session,
1000 California-Standard 15
lOoO Junction, h 5)0 "»*
10 Kern River 6 00
20 San Joaquin Oil and Dev. (b 90).. rt oi>
100 Sterling .... 1 1 o t4
20 Thirty-three . .7.7.7.7.7.7. ".I '.'.'.'.'. T I»
Mornins Session.
•.--- Board—
»7 Alaska Packers Assn 170 00
1000 Bay Counties Power Co. 5s 108 25
lGo Market-street Railway SO 87^j
13o Market-street Railway. . . : ' $W> 00
P5 Spring Valley ..Water »c. SO
Street —
$3000 Omnibus Cable Cs 131 00
$15,000 S. P. of Arizona (1000) 113 75 }j
Afternoon Session. tm
Board —
10 California Fruit Canners.. J>T 50
600 Market-street Railway 90 TO
$5000 S. P. of Arizona (1900) 11.175
?2000 Spring Valley 0s m 7.'.
Street —
225 Market-street Railway no TO
110 Pacific Lighting 45 0O
$15,000 NorthercTRy. of Cal. 63...... 113 00
Continued From Page Thirteen.NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND ALAMEDA BERKELEY
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
BOARD OF TRADE
RENEWS A FIGHT
Agitates Action for Ben
efit of Harbor Im
provements.
Calls for Data to Be Sent
<5| to tho Congressional
Committee.
Oakland omcc San Francisco Call,
HIS Iiroadway, Dec. 27.
The Oakland Heard of Trade has taken
■ fre^h hold upon the Oakland harbor Im
provement agitation in the hope that re
newed effort may be of benefit during the
present session of Congress.
To that end the directs* to-day adopted
resolutions which indorse tin- memorial
recently r.dopted by the Rivera and Har
bors Conrreps held at Baltimore, wherein
ihe National Congress was urged to make;
sufficient appropriation for improvement
of waterways.
The board of directors also recommend
ed that Colonel Ileuer of the United
fciates engineer corps be requested to mip
» Jhe board with a cross-section map
of the harbor, showing work already dor.<»
t>y the Government. The object ' is to
point out rhat. although th«* average width
•>£ the Government channel is S00 feet.
only boo fen has been dredged by the Gov
ernment, the remainder of the work being
left to the city or to private owners.
It is deelred by the Board of Trade that
this map snail be used as an exhibit bo
fore the Kiverr and Harbor? Committee
in Congress when the matter of further
appropriation for improvement shall be
brought bufort* that body.
Whether Oakland will receive favorable
consideration at Lhe hands of the House
is a question that is greailv
the men who have been fort>
■.iost in the tight for a wider and a deeper
'vnannel. From private sources have come
advices that "Oitkland may perhav-c
!>e crowdea out." referring to the com
position of the liver? and harbors bill.
It is also doubtful whether another
hearing will be given by the eomraitte*;
~r* Oakland's claims, as the leaders on
that committee appear to have all of ii:e
evidence tney desire on the subject. This
stand is in a !arge measure due to the
inspection last summer by the committee.
At all events, the Board of Trade has
Kept alive its fight, and is sending almost
£aily to the Representatives in Congress
from this district documentary evidence
'">f value. .
HOUNDS UP CHINAMEN
WITH A SIX-SHOOTElt
Uaval Officer Makes Laundry "Boss"
Disgorge Money Taken From
Elis Chinese Servant.
BERKELEY, Dec. 27.— The Chinamen in
a local wa^hhouse had an exciting expe
rience wiri an infuriated mariner and a
large Fix-r.hooter Christmas night which
they will not soon forget. The mariner
x.-u-n Cajptiiin A. X. Wood, an officer in
the United States navy, who resides at
2S27 Bancroft way. thi6 city. Captain
Wood arrived from San Francisco, bring
ing with him a Chinese boy servant to
assist in currying numerous gifts the cap
tain had purchased the day previous. On
arriving at Berkeley the service of an ex
prtssman was secured and the Chinese
boy left at the station with a return tick
et. The boy got confused after Captain
Wood left him and refused to take th«5
return train, evidently in fear that it
T.ould carry him to unknown lands.
J. E. Boyd. an old resident of this city,
went to the lad's rescue, but as the boy
coold spea'.t no English Boyd took him to
a nearby Chinese laundry to have hi»
countrymen set him aright. The Celes
tials assursd Boyd that they would put
the boy on the next train.
An hour later Boyd discovered the lad
at the station crying and as he knew
whose Chinaman he was he took him to
Wood's. A Chinese cook from a neighbor
ing house was secured as interpreter and
the boy told that his countrymen had in
vited him to "hit the pipe" and had in
troduced h.m to a fantan game, whereby
he lost hit) money, 517, and the return
ticket. Captain Wood took a six-shooter
£nd went to the washhouse. At first the
boss said "no eabee," but the persuasive
six-ehooter soon brought out the $17 and
the ticket, and the boy was sent on his
tvuy rejoicins:.
LUTHERANS PREPARING
CHRISTMAS SERVICE
Solo and Choir Singing and a
Sermon Will Be the Pro
» gramme.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— Christmas serv-
ices have been arranged for the First
Enplish Lutheran Church for Sunday
morning: ard eveninff.
The programme for the day is as fol
lows:
2kZcrning — Orfan prelude, "Credo." In
B flat (Haydn); "Te Deum Lauda
inua" in F f Shepherd); full liturgi
<:al s«rvie«: hymn <Xo. 223). '•Christ
mas"; scripture readinjr; crayer: hymn <No.
lUil), "Hark! the Notes of Joy"; sermon; offer
ings; »nthenr. "And There Were Shepherds "
'Varkz); hymn 'Xo. 233). "Come Hither, Te
Faithful";* benediction; organ postlude,
"Priest*' March" (Mendelssohn).
Evening — Organ prelude, •Gloria." In C
liloiart); «ur;hem, "We PraJ»* Thee. O God"
• fih»r.heril) ; ncrirt ur * reading: anthem. "And
There Were f-hephcrds" <.Parki); prayer;
Christmas Carol. "Holy Xirht, Peaceful
Nigrht" <Cr«Lirer"; anthem 'No. 110). "Jor to the
World"; antliera. "The People That Walk in
T>arkne£«" <3.iocers); afidrep* by the pastor.
Rev. "Wllliair. Kelly; prayer; "God to Whom
We XxK/k Up Kilndir" iChftiwIck); offering*;
soprano isolo, "Christmas' (h'h^lly). Mis* Julia
Johnson: hymn (No. 232>. "'"aim on the List
ening Ear of Nieht"; benediction; amen; or
gan poetlude Jn C (Anon).
The mrabmi of the choir ar*>: Sopranos —
yiifs Julia Mrs. John C. Wallinir,
Ml?* Paullnt Peterson; altos — Mrs. William
Kelly, 5Um Minnie Peterson; tenors — H. A.
'"nwidell. J- T. fihepljc-rd: basses — George A.
Flick B- A. Detrick; onranift. Eurene II.
Blanchard; director. John «_\ Walllnr.
Student Delegates Depart.
BERKELEY. Doc. 27.— Tho following
named members of the University of Cali
fornia Young Men"* Christian Associa-
TLs-ri l«"ft this afternoon for Pacific Grove
T attcrd the Pacific Coast Students' Cor
*rn=sp which convened there to-day: C.
V Petit, R. R. Service. C. C. Champlin,
HMcKoon. I. B. Rhodes. J. M. Newkirk.
F - p. Ooodsell. C. A. N'ev.-hall. F. H.
RedewIII. R. O. Reiner. C. R. Browning,
M Hopkins H. B. Dewing. W. C Smith,
w' D Root. W. H. Reedy. J. Maddrlll.
<" O Ester! y. S. H. Beach. F. Durst, C.
BL Wftavcr. EL Hackley. E. E. Keyes. C.
«' Oalm-K. K. E Everett. J. II. Pratt. XV.
<• Kpit 6. VV. Wilcox. XV. Musgrove, W.
H Vol'-U S. W. Barstow. F. L.. Bixby, S.
<Jray II. 1,. Junk. H. J. Token and G. C.
Mansfield.
Wants Share of Estate.
OAKLAND. Dec "Si-— MiF5 Flora K.
liau^r lil^d a wilt to-day against her
brother Georpe C Bauer, and her sister,
Miss l>oui^" K. B«UCT. for th« partition
ing of M>vrral place* of realty that they
ii:h«-ritp<1 from thofr father. She asks
That a on^-thinl interest in the estate be
diflriljutcd to her.
Church Entertainment Postponed.
BKHKELHY. D^< •- 27.— The entertain
ment t<< b<* clvpn by the children of the
South Brrkftlpy Presbyterian Church Sun
day-school ha « been postponed until Mon
day night. The. affair is being arranged
"n'der the Olracttoa of Mrs. Albert HHI
%d Mrs=. Percy liotts as a church beneftf.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAXI'. lif: 27.— LWn«es to marry
were Is?u'-d vo-day to Wendell <T. Thomas.
e^r*-d £2. and E<1j'«he A. Corwln. 20. both
of Oakland ; Joseph L. Blunb. 21. Shasta,
«id Kva Weymouth, IS. Berkeley
SAY COMMUTERS
ARE VERY FEW
Officers of the Transit
Company Quote Sonie
Figures.
Elmhurst Residents Call a
Meeting to Discuss New
Schedule.
Oakland ofuc S:m Francisco fall,
ills Broadway. Dec. 27.
Frank r. Havens and W. J. Kelly, man
ajrer of the Oakland Transit Company,
have accepted tho gago of battle thrown
down by Egbert B. Btone. tho prominent
contractor, concerning tho new Fchedule
of fares over the Ouklaml. San I-eandro
and Hay wards division of the Transit
Company's system. Both of tho railroad
men declare that the abolition of com
mutation and other special rates will not
inflict a hardship upon many of their
patrons.
Mr. Havens said:
"The idea in the change of fares was
to cut the cash fares. It is a mere hand
ful of people who travel on «:ummutation
tickets between Ilavvrards, or San Leati
dro and Oakland.""
But Mr. Stone's chief cause for com
plaint lies in the fact that the residents
in that large territory about Elmhurst
are now without the commutation privi
lege. In his reply to Mr. Stone, who was
one of the road's bi& stockholders before
it was sold, Manager Kelly has this to
say:
Taking: October as a typical month, when
service was not interrupted and travel was at
the maximum, our records show that the in
come from commutation tickets of all kinds
was less than S per cent of the total income;
that the total number of commuters from Oak
land to Haywards was 17: from Oakland to San
Ltandro, 190; free passengers exclusive of era
ploye*. 1415; that the total number of paying
passengers exclusive of commuters was in
round numbers 63.000. We believe, therefore,
that our patrons who ray us S«2 per cent of our
revenue will appreciate a reduction of 20 per
cent in the round trip rate and 33 1-3 per cent
in the single fare rate to San I-eandro and
Haywards and "50 per tent reduction in rate
from San Leandro to San Lorenzo. The reduced
rates will undoubtedly result in reduced reve
nue at first, but we believe that a sacrifice of
immediate revenue is warranted by the ulti
mate benefit that will result to all the citi
zens of Alameda County who are interested In
cheap transportation. A cash fare as low as
the business conditions will permit, with trans
fers to connecting lines in Alameda, Oakland
and Berkeley, with special privileges and free
paepps to non», is a sound business proposition
which we think will meet with the approval
of the large majority.
The residents of Elmhurst who desire
a modification of the new schedule as af
fecting their section have called a mass
meeting for to-morrow night for consid
eration of the proposition. The new rates
go Into effect January L
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Alameda County.
Tailant Hanking Company to
William M8rn, lot on YV.curner of Kan Twen
tieth «treet end Seventh avenue, SW 100 by
N\V ISO, portion of block 120, Clinicn. East
Oakland: HO.
Frjncisco S. Scares or Soaves and Maria
Eugenia St>area or Soaves to Daniel .1 and
Mary A. Lynch, lots 24 and 25. Map of Elec
tric Heights Tract. Brooklyn Towns-hip; $10.
Sine to eatne. lots 2tt and 27. Corrected Map
of Electric Height? Tract, Brooklyn Township;
Ella C. Lampe (widow) to George N. McGee
lot on E line sC Wiison avenue, lit*. B of Chi
cago avenue. K 120. *? 251.07. X\V J22.30, JJ
lots 1 to SI. block G, map of subdivision
of portion of biockti E, K and G, Revised Mali
of Prosrect Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township;
Cynthia A. Cockrill {widow) to Warren G.
Sanborn, lot on K line of Moss avenue ii*5 W
of Dwindle street. W 60 l>y N 135, block o.
State Vnlverslty Homestead Association Xo [i
(recorded December 2G, 1901), Berkeley; 510*.
Urban A. and Flora E. I^ewls to Caleb and
Viola P. Jewett. lot 40. map Forest Park
Tract. Brooklyn Township; fio.
Alameda Savings Bank to Charlps D Han
eon, lot on X line of Encinal avenue, 1050 E
of High Btreet, E 45:7 by X 110. lot 22, map
Hirfchfeld Tract (recorded December 2t>, lljui).
Alameda; £10.
Frank G. Andrew* Oxeeutor of estate of
Thomas A. Kmith and Alida B. Smith fwidow)
(by J. B. Lanktree. commissioner) to Alameda
Savings Bank, lot on s line of Buena Vista
avenue, 50 E of Oak street. E 10» by S 145
lot« 20 and 21, block 46, T. A. Smith Map.
blocks 46 and 47. lands adjacent to Encinal
Minturn Tract (recorded December 20 1901,
Alamedb); f^i2Gl.
W. F. Kroll (trustee estate Felix Marcuse
and Julius A. Hemmel, individually and as
partners Marcuse & Remmel. bankrupts) Fe
lix Marcuse. JuliU!> A. Remmel. Puget Sound
Lumber Company fa corporation). L. B and
MolUe E. Thomas (wife) (by J. 13. Lanktrce,
commissioner) to fame, lot on SE corner of
Railroad avenue and Verdi street. S 42 by E
100 (recorded December 26, 15)01). Alameda:
$3«3.
TV*. F. Kroll (trustee estate of Felix Mar
cuse and Julius A. Remmel, Individually and
ae partner* Marcuse & Remmel, bankrupts),
Felix Marcuse. Julius A. Remmel. Puget Sound
Lumber Company (a corporation) and George
and Harry Gray (by J. B. lAnktree. commis
sioner) to sun>, lot on E line of Mantick
Court. 275 6 of Railroad avenue. S 50 by E
71, Alameda; also lot beginning at point on S
line of riirht of way South Pacific Coast Rail
way, known as Encinal avenu>. 102:6 E of
Post street. E :}":« by S 100, Alameda; also
lots 22, 2", and 24, map Hirschfeld Tract. Ala
meda; a!no lot 5. block D. plat portion Fitch
Tract (recorded December 20, 1901), Alameda'
$1059.
D. G. MacKenrle (by same commissioner) to
Eame, lot on V." corner of Mound and Jefferson
streets. SW 160, NW 90. XE 30. SE 45. XE
120. KE 45. block 57, map of town of Ala
meda. adjacent lastfs. Alameda (recorded De
cember 26. 1901): $7C2.
"VV. F. Kroll (trustee. «?t<!., et al.) and Puget
Sound Lumber Company (corporation), by'
6airvs to same, lot on SW* corner of Clement
avenue and Broadway. TV* 100:2 by S 100,
block A. map blocks A to F. Kays and Caper
ton Tract. Alameda (recorded December 20.
lW'l); ?100n.
Charles and Minnie Lainer, Claus Spreckels,
Charles A. Mau (assignee Charles Lainer. In-
Bolvent). by j«a.m* to Ramp, lot on X line of
San Antonio avenue. 202:11 W of Pt. Charles
etreet. W 86:10M-. N 124.92. W 24:8>i. X to
point 220 feet, right angle measurement, to E
line of Caroline. X to S Une of Louisa, E 62.12,
6 125. E 51:«. 8 19fl.92. Alameda (recorded De
cember 2C. 1901; $3942.
William C. and Marjrnret SI. Griffith. Felix
and Henrietta. Block. George and Harry X.
Gray (eooartners Gray Bros.) and John and
Kate May (by same commissioner) to Alameda
Building and Loan Association, lot 30, Hirsch
feld Tract. Alameda: S5O11.
llary. Margaret and Peter A. Kidd to Jo
seph A. Furtado. lot on X line of Fortieth
street, 214 E of Grove. E rt2 by X 110, lot II,
map resubdivision Montgomery Tract, Oak
land: $10.
William J. and Minnie Spencer to Minnie
SchLacker. lot 16. block 5, map Adams Point
nrowrty Oakland: S10.
" J' n and Harriet C. Lanktree to J. S. Myers
(FinVle) lot on K llne ot Telegraph avenue.
260:10 X of Durant street, N 2S:2. E 1C3. S
to a tiolnt on line drawn parallel to and dis*
tant 253.21 X of Durant street. W along eaid
parallel lino to E line of Telegraph avenue,
and beginning portion block B. map Fountain
Place Oakland; $!«•.
Postofflcc Site Selected.
BERKELEY. Doc. 27.— The bid of Mrs.
Lillian J. Eastman to furnish sultablo
Quarters for the local postoflflce for ten
years, beginning May, 1902. has been ac
cepted by the authorities at Washington.
The new Bite la at the corner of Center
and Oxford streets, where Dr. J. S. East
man's residence has been located for
many years. A brick building will be
crecu-d where the house now stands an-1
the housp moved back to Allston way.
Mrs. Eastman agrees to outfit an office
3t:Cx73 feet for an annual rental of 5990.
Elect Four New Teachers.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 27.— The Board of Ed
ucation elected to-night Miss Jennie M.
Wood. Miss Lucy M. Franco, and Miss
Elizabeth J. Skinner regular teachers in
t he school department, to take charge of
two now classes at the Mastick School
.Mid one at the Wiieon School, that are
t" be opened after the holiday vacation.
Mfss Anna R. Keegan was elected an as
•sfstant teacher. The Directors decided to
discuss plans for the new high school
buildinsj next Monday night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
COVERED BY DARKNESS OF CHRISTMAS
NIGHT ALAMEDA PRISONERS ESCAPE
Conductor William Davis Sees Fleeing Criminals on Train
and Dissipates Theory That They Gained Freedom in
Light of Day, as Was First Believed by the Sherilf
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— The first trace
of the whereabouts of W. Frank
Case and AVilliam Kelley, who
escaped from the County Jail, has
been uncovered by William Davis,
a conductor on the Webster street broad
gauge train, whose story definitely settles
the fact that the daring prisoners guined
freedom hours before yesterday's dawn,
at which time the Sheriff originally be
lieved they broke jail.
Davis, who knows Case well., saw the
fugitive and his companion on the train
that left Franklin and Fourteenth streets
depot at 11:45 o'clock Christmas night.
The conductor talked with the escaped
prisoners, not realizing that his passen
gers had gained their liberty by breaking
jail. Although Davis was a bit surprised
to see Case, for the railroad man knew
the fugitive had been in trouble with the
police, he gave the presence of the run
away no special thought. Case and Kel
ley rode in tho smoking car to the Ala
meda mole sand went across the bay on
the ferry-boat Bay City.
"You see," said Conductor Davis to
night, "I had an idea that Case had got
out of his scrape, so I paid no further
attention to him. I observed that both
Case and Kelley, whom I also knew by
Blght, were very dirty. Their clothing
was covered with dust.
"Xeither man was at all nervous and
there was nothing in their demeanor to
indicate that they feared pursuit. They
were making no attempt to conceal them
selves from public view."
During a short conversation with Case,
Davis said his* passenger made an off
hand remark that he was going to ship
aboard a vessel in San Francisco and
get out of the country.
Even that remark did not arouse Davis'
suspicions that anything was wrong.
Escapes Head for San Francisco.
The pair of runaways went to the Ala
meda pier and Conductor Davis says he
believes they* boarded the last boat for
San Francisco. He saw nothing more of
them after he went through the train
selling tickets.
Such is the evidence that effectually
disposes of Sheriff Rogers' theory that
the men broke jail yesterday morning.
They were out of prison before the last
hour of Christmas day. had gone. Hav
ing escaped in time to catch the 11:45
train to San Francisco, the men could
not have been in their cells at the regu
lar hour— 9 p. m.— for locking up. It is
now supposed that they were hidden
PROFESSORS MEET
FOR DISCUSSION
Two Sessions of Pacific
Coast Philological
Society.
The Philological Association of the
Pacific Coast held yesterday the third
and fourth sessions of the third annual
meeting at the Mark Hopkins Institute.
Learned professors of the Universities of
California, Oregon and Stanford presented
papers criticizing, elucidating and analyz
ing the classical masterpieces of the
authors of antiquity. The characteristic
beauties in the productions of each writer
and his individual mode of expression
were designated and explained.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California read a paper on
"The Position of the Persian Fleet at
Salamis." following the account given by
Aeschylus and Herodotus. In presenting
his subject President Wheeler used a map
to Illustrate the positions of the two con
tending forces. He quoted from both
authors to prove that Herodotus' account
of the battle is entirely self consistent and
not inconsistent with the description given
by Aeschylus. Much Interest was mani
fested in President Wheeler's disserta
tion and at the conclusion of his paper
many of the professors joined in a discus
sion of the points advanced.
At the morning session papers were read
by Dr. H. XV. Prescott of the University
of California. Professor H. R. Fairclough
of Standford University. Professor H. K.
Shilling of University of California, Presi
dent II. T. Archibald of Occidental Col
lege and Professor J. B. Matzke of Stan
ford University. After Benjamin Ido
Wheeler's paper was read papers were
presented by Professor C. Searles of
the Stanford University, Professor L. J.
Richard.«on of the University of Califor
nia. E. IT. Putnam of the Stanford Uni
versity arid Professor John Fryer of the
University of California.
Maccabees' Christmas Festival.
San Francisco Tent or the Maccabees
had a Christmas time festival for old and
young In Its hall in the Pioneer building
last night. There were several hundred
persons present, including the members
of San Francisco and Fraternal hives, the
ladies' branch of the order. Tho feature
of the evening was a large Christmas
tree made bright with tinsel and- fancy
ornaments and loaded with packages that
were addressed to members of the tent
and the hives and their children. These
were distributed by James W. Disbrow,
who was assisted by the committee of ar
rangements, consisting- of C. E. Jackson,
XV. XV. Thompson and Fred Wastler Jr.
A short programme was rendered, in
THE TWO PRISONERS WHO ESCA PED FRO M THE ALAMEDA COUNTY
JAIL,. THE TOOLS THEY USED AND THE ROUTE TAKEN TO GAIN
THEIR FREEDOM.
away in a bathroom adjoining the cell
corridor and under cover of night made
good ■ their escape.
Case is particularly well known among
the railroad men because he has a broth
er and a father in the Southern Pacific
employ, both of whom are trustworthy
men. After the fugitive's release from
the State penitentiary a year ago he
spent most of his time in Oakland, and
was much in evidence traveling on the
local trains. That he was a former jail
bird was known to only a few people
outside of the police. They had been
keeping close watch upon his movements.
It was this careful espionage which led
to his arrest with Charles Merrill for the
tobbery of a Chinese on the Eighth-street
bridge. This was the charge upon which
Case wag awaiting trial.
Saws Used Found by Sheriff.
The saws used in cutting through the
bars at the jail were found to-day in one
of the cells, 'j., » jailbreakers had left
them within convenient reach of any
other lelon that became wearied of con
finement, but the Sheriff found them first.
The Sheriff is too greatly concerned over
the loss of his prisoners to take other
than a serious view of the situation. His
remaining prisoners, however, unharn-
which Melville Coakley, Gertie Devine
and Messrs. Moran, Cohn. Nowlan and
Rowan took part. The evening closed
with dancing.
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS
AT GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Spend Delightful Evening Hearing
"Carmen" and Looking at Hum
orous Stereopticon Views.
The members of the Pacific Coast Com
mercial Travelers' Association and the
United Commercial Travelers' Associa
tion and their friends packed the Grand
Opera-house last night to hear Minnie
Seligman as Carmen. The evening was
set aside for the commercial travelers and
several special features were introduced
for their edification. At the end of the
second act Robert H. Davis, president of
the ass&ciatlon, came before the curtain
and made a few remarks. He paid a hiph
tribute to the work which is being accom
plished by the travelers. President Davis
was introduced by William J. Barrett.
At the close of Davis' speech atereoptl
con views were displayed representing the
humorous side of a commercial traveler's
life. Pictures of a number of the well
known members of the association en
countering the trials of the road were
shown and caused great merriment. Min
nie Seligman and the other members ot
the company were at their best and the
travelers and their friends enjoyed a most
delightful evening.
RETIRED CAPITALIST
INJURED BY A FALL
Harvey Dickinson Stumbles on Kear
ny Street and Hurts His
Skull.
Harvey Dickinson, .a retired capitalist,
80 years of age, who resides at 424 Vallejo
street, was overcome by weakness on
Kearny .street, near Clay about 6:30
o'clock last night, and fell on the pave
ment, sustaining severe injuries to his
skull. He was picked up in an uncon
scious condition and taken to the Harbor
Hospital. The Injuries which Mr. Dickin
son received may prove serious on ac
count of his age.
Children Produce Cantata.
A cantata entitled "Christmas Snow"
was produced by the Sunday school chil
dren of the Howard-street M. E. Church
last evening. Parents and friends filled
the church and greatly enjoyed the per
formance. Songs and 'recitations by
Gladys Day. Margaret Olson and Gladys
Gardner were well received. At the close
of the entertainment the children were
served with refreshments in tho vestry. On
Sunday next the pastor will repeat his
Christmas sermon and the music ren
dered on the day of nativity will also.be
heard again.
Game Law Violator Caught.
Deputy L. N. Kercheval of , the Fish
Commission arrested Henry Lahann of
Traver, Tulare County, yesterday for
shipping and selling quail. Justice Ldllie
of Visalia lined the offender $30. • .
?« i Zl I ?u y , f , ceUn S of responsibility
and with both leisure and inclination to
see the comedy side of the occurrence,
are having quite a feast of fun over the
Kelley-Case disappearing act.
\isitora are invited to express an opln
lon fJr °n "our mud prison," and one old
resident of a literary turn of mind has
under course of construction a descriptive
poem which will bear the title "Freed
From a Rusty Cage, or the Magic Mop
Handle; a Talc of Two Saws."
Kelley and Case also contributed their
share to the comedy aspect of the deliv
ery. The live steps attached to the ten
foot long pole of spliced mop handles
which enabled them to reach the roof are
all carved with fantastic designs. The
rope work ia carefully braided, the loose
ends being finished in Turk's heads and
other creations of the splicer's art.
There is no evidence of hurry at any
stage of the operations, and it now seeing
certain that most of the prisoners in the
felon's department were interested par
ticipants in tho plot. . - .
Meanwhile the broken bars are being re
placed, and for the present the freedom
of the corridor is denied those prisoners
who did not run away. Sheriff Rogers
is agitating the substitution of steel tank3
for the present barred cages. . •
GRAVE ISSUES
UNDER REVIEW
Historical and Economic
AssociationfsV_m^-iA.h
nual Session. ■
WASHINGTON, . Dec. : 27.~The - seven
teenth annual, meeting of the American
Historical Association and . tli<i . annual
meeting of the American Economic As-
Bociation began here to-night and will
continue for several days. For ? their ini
tial gathering the two 'organizations held
a Joint session at the Columbia. Univer
sity, at which General Adolphus W. Gree
ly, chairman of the local reception com
mittee, presided. The features of thl3
session were the addresses of the presi
dents of the respective associations,
Charles Francis Adams of the His
torical Association speaking to the topic
"An Undeveloped- Function," and Profes
sor Richard T. Ely, of the Economic As
sociation having for his subject "Indus
trial Liberty."
Mr. Adams advocated a freer discussion
of political questions by scholars, citing
in this connection his own interest In the
past twelve Presidential campaigns. In
all these, he said, there had been only six
great questions suggested., viz., slavery
reconstruction, currency, the tariff, the
trusts and imperialism. But three of these
had been definitely decided. He believed
that those of slavery, reconstruction and
the currency were definitely disposed of.
but the tariff always would be a great
question and the trusts and imperialism
were issues of to-day. As to trusts, he
said that the study of history throughout
would show the tariff was the bastile of
the trusts.
In an academic discussion of the ques
tion of industrial liberty Professor Elv
declared that liberty cannot be an abso"
lute ideal because authority is needed in
society. On the other hand- socialism fur
nished us with no sufficient ideal of in
dustrial liberty. The. true ideal, he said,
lies midway between anarchism and so
cialism. ,
Rogers to Be Buried at Puyallup.
TACOMA, Wash., Deo. 27.-Thc date oC
the funeral of the late Governor Rogers
remains undetermined, pending advices
from his sons. It has been decided, how
ever, that tho Interment will be at the
Governor's home, Puyallun.
Big Advance in Sugar.
NW YORK, Dec. 27.— The American
Sugar Refining Company, Arbuckle Bros,
and B.. F". Howellson & Co.. torday ad
vanced all grades of refined ,. sugar 10
points. . .• .- •-. ■■;.= -r -
FINES ACHESON
LIMIT ALLOWED
Berkeley Liquor Seller
"Receives Extreme
Penalty.
Attorney Frick Files a Notice
of Appeal to a Higher
Court
BERKELEY. Dec. 27.— W. J. Acheson.
convicted on December 20 of selling In
toxicating liquor within one mile of the
State University, appeared for sentence
this morning and was tlned $500 by Justice
Edgur. Acheson's attorney, A. Jj. Frick,
filed notice of appeal to the Superior
Court. \
Attorney Frick moved for a new trial
on the grounds of errors in law in the
court's ruling during the trial and of er
rors in law In charging the Jury. Tho mo
tion was denied ami Justice Edgar passed
sentence as above, with the alternative
of six months in the County Jail.
Young Acheson received the maximum
fine which could be imposed upon him un
der the law. The extreme penalty for the
misdemeanor of which ho is convicted is
?500 and six months in jail.
Acheson has given a $300 bond in the
local court and prior to the ouccome of
tho case in the Superior Court the sen
tence cannot be executed.
Three other liquor cases are still before
Justice Edgar. They are those of Mrs.
Mary Thompson, Thomas Nealon and L>.
Landregan. They will bo set for trial on
January 2, 1902.
EVEMb IN SOCIETY.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — The dinner given by
Miss Gertrude Allen this evening in honor of
the approaching nuptials of Miss Irene Baker
and Dr. John Oriasiin was one of the prettiest
events of the week. The guests included all
of. the bridal party. Miss Allen will be one of
the bridesmaids. The decorations were in pink
and green, the colors to b« used at the wed
ding. Garlands were festooned about the din
ing-room and over tho chairs of the two
guests of honor wedding bells and floral hearts
were suspended. The chairs were looped to
gether with bows of white tulle.
The favors were, for the ladles, tiny dolU
dressed as the bride and her attendants will
be at the wedding. Miss Baker"a doll was
gowned in a trailing robe of white satin and
wore ' a bridal veil. The doll favor given to
Mrs. Harry Lylo Baker, who is to be matron
of honor, was dressed in pink and white, and
those for the bridesmaids were daintily at
tired in pink. The name cards were attached
to the dolls.
Tho favors for the gentlemen were candy
boxes representing tall silk hats. The guests
were: Miss Irene Baker, Mrs. Harry Bakpr,
Miss Florence Hush, Miss Ltda Lieb of San
Jose; Miss Bessie Palmer, Dr. John Grissim.
Dr. W B. Stephens of San Francisco. Ray
Baker, Sam Hardy, Roy Lieb of San Jose and
Mr. Syer of San Francisco.
Extensive preparations are being made by
Mrs. Irving Lewis and the ladies who are as
sisting here to insure an enjoyable time for
those who attend the Ebell at home, which is
to be given to-morrow evening at the club's
rooms at Thirteenth and Harrison streets, for
the benefit of the Children's library fund. Not
only the Ebell ladies, but their friends on
both sides of the bay are manifesting- much
interest in the affair. The handsome apart
ments are being decorated under the direction
of Miss Maud Edith Pope. The programme
which has been arranged by Mrs. H. P. Carl
ton, Mrs. E. J. Cotton and Mrs. John L. How
ard is a very attractive one. The receiving
party includes many of the most prominent
women in Oakland. A score of society girls
will assist. Mrs. Lewis in making the evening
an enjoyable one.
The Orpheus Club Male Quartet, consisting
of E. D. Crandall. Ernest McCandllsh. Lowell
Redtteld and Dr. H. P. Carlton. will contribute
several numbers and there will be a violin soli
by M1.3S Gertrude Hibbard and a reading by
Miss Pearl King; Dr. E. von Adelung will give
a vocal solo.
The following ladies will assist Mrs. Lewis
in receiving: Mr*. N*. A. Acker, Mrs. Jame*
G. Allen. Mrs. T. L. Barker, Mrs. A. W.
Bishop. Mrs Samuel Breck. Mrs. Frank Brig
ham. Mrs. Kate Bulkeley. Mrs. Richard Cham
berlain, Mrs. T. C. Cocgan. Mrs. Thomas
Crellin, Mrs. Arthur Crellin. Miss Mollie Con
ners, Mrs. George de Golla, Mrs. Francis Dun
woody Mrs. Wallace Everson. Mrs. J. A.
Folger, Mrs. P. M. Hathaway. Mrs. E. J.
Cotton Mrs. C. F. Houghton, Mrs. John L.
Howard, Mrs. F. J. Kendall. Mrs. E. A.
Klaegel. Mrs. Horry Meek. Mrs. Will Meek,
Mrs. Gordon Stolp, Mrs. Egbert Stone, Mrs.
H. C. Taft. Mrs. E. M. Walsh, Mrs. Prentlss
Sclby. Mrs. Elizabeth Yorker, Mrs. Hay ward
G. Thomas. Mrs. H. P. Carlton, Mrs. W. E.
Sharon Mrs. W. G. Palmanteer, Mrs. A. F.
Eastland, Mrs. Philip E. Bowles, Miss Louise
Morgan. Mrs. John Yule, Mrs. John Russ,
Mrs. Montell Taylor, Mrs. Edwin Taylor, Mrs.
George Gross. Miss Jennie Huff, Miss Mamie
Huff Mrs. George Hammer. Mrs. Pedar Sather.
Mrs. Charles Fletcher, Mrs. S. B. McLenegan,
Mr*. C. King and the following young ladies:
Miss Pearl King. Miss Florence White, Miss
Ethel Valentine. Miss Marion Goodfellow, Miss
Ethel Moore, Miss Jacqueline Moore, Miss
Anita Lohse. Miss Mabel Gage, Miss Maude
Edith Pope, Miss May Coogan. Miss Gcorgie
Strong. Miss Stewart, Miss Pauline Fore, Miss
Anna Root, Miss Carmen Moore, Miss Florinne
Brown, the Misses Crellin. the Misses Gray,
Miss Coralie Prentlss and "Miss Eva Yorker.
Mrs. E. Yorker and Mrs. T. C. Coogan will
preside at the refreshment table.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 27. — Harmonie Hall was
the scene this afternoon of a Christmas enter
tainment and dance by the pupils of Miss
Rosine D'Ennery. There- was a large attend
ance of relatives and friends of the little
folks. All of the young participants in the
programme acquitted themselves splendidly.
Refreshments were served during the progress
of the festival, which lasted from 2 to J».
Miss Essie Sephton of 1310 Pearl street en
tertained twenty-five of her friends at her home
Wednesday evening. Festivities in keeping
with the Christmas season served to while away
several merry hours.
OIL TANK CAR PLUNGES
INTO THE FERRY SLIP
Freight Boats Are Blockaded by an
Accident at the Peralta-Street
Yards.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2".— By merest chance
a train of tank cars, loaded with oil from
Bakersfield, was checked in a wild run
into the bay last night at the foot of Per
alta street, where the big Southern Pa
cific freight transfer boats, Thoroughfare
and Transit, make their landings. As it
was one car broke from its couplings and
plunged into the slip, several train hands
jumping Just in time to save themselves
from being carried down with the heavily
laden car.
The accident occurred at 7 o'clock. It
was not until after 2 o'clock this morning
that the wrecking crew with their heavy
mechanical appliances had grappled the
sunken car and hauled it out of its ob
structing position in the slip. Meanwhile
the movement of freight cars on to the
boats was delayed.
Tho train was being run down to the
slip apron and got too much headway be
fore it reached the end of the track. The
engineer managed to check the speed Just
In time to prevent the string of cars from
going overboard.
Dies After Snort Illness.
BERKELEY, Dec. 27.— William L. Jones,
a marine engineer, died this morning 1 at i
o'clock at his residence, S911 Adeline street,
after an illness of only twelve hours.
Deputy Coroner Strelghtif has taken
charge of the remains and an Inquest will
be held. The deceased was well until last
night at 8 o'clock. At that time he was
taken ill and soon afterward lost con
sciousness, from which he was never
aroused.. His death is supposed to be due
to natural causes. He was a native of
Liverpool, England, aged 51 years. He
leaves a wife and child.
Leaves Nothing to Daughter.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— The will of the
late Phlletus V S. Blackmon was filed for
probate to-day. All of the estate is left
to an adopted daughter- of the deceased,
Lottie Aline Blackmon Hamilton. Mrs.
Agnes Luvan Whittenmeyer, his daughter
by the wife from whom he was divorced
In 1872, Is left nothing, aa the deceased
says that he has not seen her for many
years and she is provided for by mar
riage. . ■•■; . ■
SPENDS FORTUNE
ON PROSECUTION
R. E. de Lopez Pails* to
Pay Mortgage on
Merriwa Farm.
Famous Stock-Raising Place
Will Pass to Livermore
Bank.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Dec. 27.
R. K. do Lopez, proprietor of tho fam
ous Merrlwa Stock Farm, near Pleasan
ton, was mado the defendant in a suit
brought to-day by the Bank of Uvermora
for $23,000, which is alleged to bo due upon
a mortgage on the farm. Tho inability of
De Lopez to liquidate the mortgage ia
said to be due to the fact that ho spent
a large part of his fortune In the effort
to send to the penitentiary J. F. O'Brien
Jr., who was accused of an attack upon
his daughter, Nina do Lopez.
De Lopez mortgaged the property la
1S0S, v/hen he was in affluent circum
stances and not worrying about hl3 ca
pacity to pay his debts. He made the
farm celebrated for the fast horses that
he raised there, and his dog kennels wer»
rated among the best in the world.
But in the midst of De Lopez's pros
perity came sudden calamity. He was in
formed of O'Brien's attack on hi* daugh
ter and he resolved that he would convict
him. He hired attorneys to assist the»
prosecution and spent his money without
counting the cost. The trials of younjr
O'Brien, of which there were two, cost
him thousands of dollars. Opposed to him
was the wealth of the O'Brien family,
who also spent a fortune in the defense
of their relative.
De Lopez has never been able to recu
perate his losses. He has made several
attempts to meet the interest demand.-*
of the note to the bank, but all he has*
been able to pay is $5S0O. representing ».
series of six separate payments.
The De Lopezes recently removed t»
Australia, und since then have not mada
any effort to pay off the debt that has
been hanging over the farm. They lefc
before the third trial of O'Brien, who was
finally Dermitted to go free for lack o£
prosecution.
The MeVriwa Stock Farm ia part of tho
Santa Rita rancho and was formerly the
property of the late Count Valensln, an
Austrian nobleman. He was the owner oC
the stallion Sydney, which was famous in
his day as a breeder.
Upon the detith of Count Valensin Judgo
W. K. Greene and H. H. Pitcher, his per
sonal friend*, were appointed executors o"
his will. They discovered, however that
the estate was practically bankrupt. Tha
executors are made co-defendants with,
the De Lopezes in the suit of the bank.
ItEQTJESTS COMMUNICANTS
TO HUMBLY BEND THE ICNEfc
The Rev. Martin N. Ray Asks for
More Rsverence on Part of
Worshipers.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— The Rev. Martin
N. Ray, rector of St. John's Episcopal
Church, through the Parish Beadle, a
monthly leaflet issued by the rector, has
made the following request to his congre
gation:
"It is hoped that all communicants of
the parish will receive the blessed sacra
ment after careful i uaration at one of
the early celebration. ,n Christmas day,
and will not all persons humbly kneel at
the Incarnatus in the creed — when tho
words, 'And was incarnate by the Holy-
Ghost of the Virgin Mary and was made
man,' are said? The people of our parish
should at least conform to this reverent
practice on Christmas day if it is never
observed at any other time."
The innovation was observed by about
one-third of the worshiping congrega
tion.
Special New Year Services.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— The Young Men's
Christian Association will hold open
house on New Year's day. There will be
a musical programme afternoon and
evening for the entertainment of guests.
The evening programme will be in tho
hands of the Orpheus Concert Company.
The Rev. R. A. Torrey. D. D., president
of the Moody Bible Institute, delivered a.
lecture to-night in the auditorium. The
address on Sunday will bo delivered by
the Rev. J. J. Smith. The special Christ
mas music given at the First Presbyte
rian Church last Sunday evening will be
repeated next Sunday in honor of the
New Year.
Rosseter Dies in Chile.
ALA1IEDA. Dec. 27.— Mrs. Winifred
Rosseter of 900 Grand street received tel
egraphic information this afternoon of
the death this morning of her son. Arthur
L. Rosseter, in Valparaiso. Chile. Ho
was 21 years of age and an officer on the
British bark Ivanhoe. Deceased was a
brother of John H. Rosseter. the cours
ing man, and of Miss Bessie Rosseter,
formerly a teacher in the local school de
partment. No details as to the cause of
the young man's death have been re
ceived.
Thrashes Pitchfork Wielder.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27.— J. E. Calway was
arrested to-day and charsed with having:
committed a battery on W. J. Greene of
5853 San Pablo avenue. Calway says that
Greene attacked him with a pitchfork;
that he took away the weapon and then
thrashed Greene. The men quarreled
about a debt for stabling a horse. Greene
says Calway took the horse out without
settling an old bill for feed.
Eeath of Mrs. C. H. Walker.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— Mrs. Julia E.
"Walker, wife of Dr. C. H. Walker, passed
away last evening at her late residence.
Fourteenth and Clay streets, having been
ill for six months from heart trouble.
Mrs. Walker was 5.1 years of age and had
resided in Oakland for sixteen year*.
There are two surviving 1 children, Mrs.
Wickham Havens and Mrs. Edward Enga.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE PURE \J
GRAIN COFFEE
Some people can't drink coffee ;
everybody can drink Grain-O. It
. looks and tastes like coffee, but it
is made from pure grains. Xo
. coffee in it.
# Grain-O is cheaper than coffee U>
costs about one-quarter as much.
All grocers ; 15c. and 23c
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
4HUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
\ -. '.-,' tj _. Th^ L^^Mt Anatomical Museum ia the \
0 «<srej*v orld - * eakl >e»se« or any contracted A
© litffal b P ecla!lst on lile Coast Est36ye»rv <>
4 3J*PS DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ I VlSttVH Consultation free and print-. \
O a Jt*Ct fl TrM "nem personally or by l-.itrr. A «
\ fi W TI H F ** iti ** C»r« in ererjr case ondertaken. T
A r // 11 w n "» (or B«ik. paiLoitorair or i
" ll II' MARBIACE. MAILED ml. Uf
* (5 JJ, valuable book for men) \
V DS. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. V
1112
SAIf FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cail. corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
r.00 Hayes street ; open until 0:30 p. m.
<V.-9 McAllister street; op n until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
7041 Minion street; coen until 10 p.m.
2-M Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
ontil » ji. m.
lor, Eleventh street: open until !) p.m.
KW> Valencia street: open until 0 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-fecond and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 0 p. m.
72co Fillmore street: optn until P p. m.
MBETIAG NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE~Lodge~No7 ;-uTf and ip~
A. M.— Called meeting TUTS SAT- .J^.
URDAY EVENING, ut 7 ::«) u clock. jC5f
Degree 3. By order of W. M. '»'
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secy.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, m
F. and A. M.. will meet on SUNDAY, _J\_
the 29th lnst.. at 12:S0 p. m.. to at- T^yT
tf-nd the funeral of our late brother, f^r
JOHN WILLIAM ONKEN. Master Masons
and friends are invited. By order of * the
master. E. C. HARE, Secy.
SMCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. "^jjjuL-
l. 1. O. O. K.— Res-ular meeting
"■his <patt;rday) evening.
Second decree. "
WM. B. CURTIS. P. M.
NOTICE^M. E. ' B. A. No. 35. please attend a
special meeting TUESDAY, December 31. 7
p. m. J. R. FLOUD, President.
TV. WARIN, Secretary. .
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from L. Lagomarslno, In the
Rcmy mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co.. to
deposit tailings on a flat; from R. H. War-
ren and E. F. Jones, in the Hardscrabble
mine, near Oak. Shasta Co.. to deposit tail-
ings In Clear Creek, and from Joseph Rup-
ley. in the Negro Flat placer mine, at Negro
Flat, El^Dorado Co.. to deposit tailing* In
Negro Gulch, gives notice that a meeting
wlil be held at room 59, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., on January 13, 1902, at 1 :30
1 - ""•■
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Boper,
in the Gray Lizard mine. In Butte County.
r.ear Rackerby. to deposit tailings In 6wedes
Flat Creek; from Joseph D. Countryman, in
the Tannery mine, at Oregon'- Hill. Yuba
County, to deposit tniiings in Oregon Creek;
end from Manuel Fernandez, in the Inde-
pendence mine, at New York Flat. Yuba
CoOntT. *n deposit tailings behind the dam I
of the Nevada Mining Company, gives notice
iliat a m*-eting will be held at room 59,
Flood building. San Francisco, Cal., on Jan-
uary 0. JW2. at 1 :30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATER WORKS — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Work*; will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 126 Stockton et.. San Francisco. Cal..
Kt 12 o'clock m. on WEDNESDAY, the 8th
dav oi" January. 1902. to elect trustees to 1
serve for the ensuing year and for the trans- |
action of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting. San Francisco,
December 26. 1901.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
THE anuual meeting of the stockholders of The
Xrvada National Bank of San Francisco.
Pal., will be held at Its banking-house. 301
VoTitmmery st., San Francisco. Cal.. on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
P. m.. for the election of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
Furh other business as may come before the
meeting. GFO"RGI5 GRANT. Secretary.
Pan F»-ancIsco. December 13. 1901.
ACE\TS WASTED.
NF.W book — "Theodore Roosevelt, Patriot and
Statesman"; thrilling Interest; profusely fl-
Justrated; low price; liberal terms; outfit
free. ZIEGLER CO.. 322 Dearborn. Chicago
T^VO men wanted to canvass something new.
I'tfT Market st.. room 1.
ASI'HALTUM ROOFING.
CITY ASPHALTCJI CO. 632 Market st.— Roof s.
floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332. i
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPE written out. prospects, qualiflca- j
tion. undertakings, difficulties avoided, your
lucky days, successful ventures, by mail if i
■le.-irM. RAYMOND. P33 Market St.. room 4. j
ATTORXEYS AT LAW. !
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck. quiet; j
no charpe without success; established 16 yrs. '
Open evenirss by appointment ;phoneJohn3181. |
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
I
ADVICE free: divorces private;bankruptcy;col- j
lections: attachments: mortgages ;bllls of eale;
Iiartiiersliipt-; deeds ;wil!s drawn ;fees low;open t
eve's. THURS1ON. 100S'£ Mkt., r. 4, cpp.5th.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market Et., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
k-t ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ttlCVCUSS — For Sale or Ihchniigp.
xn\V bicycles, for children, men and women;
Iarsrert assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts. |
ALLirN" can fill your every want in the bicycle
line: Coiumbia. Hartford. Vedette. Eureka
ur.il Pffond-hand bicyclos. 301 Larkin st. j
■ !
HOOKS — SEW AXD OLD. !
. ' t I 'm - 1' ~ ~_ -^— ~~, 1
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books I
po to 142i» Market st. S. F.
nUSIXESS CHAXCES.
A^4iOO; SALOON on water front; rent $20;
good paying business; investigate at once; a
rare chance. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26\4 |
Kearny ct.
A — CIGAR stend: fixtures, lease, good will for ,
$40U; stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
«^a!l R. G. WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A— S20«»0: SALOON, about 20 feet from Call
building-; rent $125; long lease; rarest chance
in the market. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Keamy St.
A— $1000; PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen store close tc Market St.: good busi-
ness: or.ly honest party need apply. Call R. '
G. WILKE. 'MM Kearny st. |
A— *IO«Xt; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor |
ft.: rent ?^5; place established many years '
rtA doing a good business; value In sight. |
Call R. O. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A — *000: <XIFFEE saloon and restaurant; es- i
tmbUsbed years: first-class paying; located '
<lose to Chronicle building; bargain; call i
fton. R. G. WILKE. 2C14 Kearny st.
A-«. r .00; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a
nyMnc anJ good paying business; rent only
F35: nlaae. easily clears $100 per month. R. G. '■
WILKK. 36*4 Keamy st.
A— SIOOO: CORNER saloon on Sixth St.; rent '
$<<• net; good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth et. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ i
Kearny tt.
SltHlti — 00-ROOM lodging-house: all newly fur-
r.:i=hed; situated on ever}' busy corner; 10 bay
windows; reason, owner is sick; we have also 1
R0 oiiiers; see us before you buy. MILES & ,
f CO, «g Market Kt.. room 20S.
*l<atO — GROCERY and bar in Mission: good
Iot-I «tmb. S» m. Miles & Co.. 927 Mkt.
FOUO— £ALOOH,Witli 3 rms. and cellar; money- !
qmafcer. MILES & CO., 927 Market St.. r. 208.
LIVERY stable in Alameda: most complete and ,
fully equipped barn in the State; owner goUig
Bast: pays from J200 to $500 per month:
l>r.ar<Wp and funeral trade can be fully in- '
vestlgated. See HAMMOND & HAMMOND, ;
2286 Hanta. Clara ave., Alameda.
A— $12.".; BRANCH bakery; good trade; 3
rooms: rent $12. STRAND & CO., 209
Krarry Kt.
A— ?200; DELICACY store; good trade; Sixth
ftt.; 2 room:;; rent $15. STRAND. 209 Kearny.
H12ALY & HTNDERSON. phone James 2771. •
C Kddy et.. rooms 18 and 18.
Hotel?, r^ftaurante, lodging-houses, grocery !
ftoj-e*. cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
FOR fale — At a great bargain, a restaurant !
and oyster hous-e in good location: must be
•sold by 2-:th. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market
yt., rnovn 2.
OOOI> pcyins restaurant; whole or half lnter-
e*t for sale. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
KV> Market Et.
$if:<) — BAKERY business; estab. years; good
wajron and counter trade; fine opportunity for
bakt-r. O»l. Husineyg Assn.. 8G5>i Market.
A GOOD «-hance for a live man to go into the
wood, ooal, huy, grain and general com-
mission business in the lively city of Peta-
luma; a large frontage on the water front.
with all the buildings. ecales, honges.
wftgonfs, Ptc, for doing a large business:
ripht !n center of the city: reasons of nell-
insr. othrr business. Apply to GEO. W.
JOHNSON &. CO.. Petaluma.
TOR sale— Restaurant ; established in 1889 and
••ontinued under cne management ever since;
COod rutying business. For particulars In-
quire Vallejo and S. F\ Kxprms, Oil Market.
CHANVE of a life time— An old established and
well paying restaurant for sale; owner de-
Fires to go in other line of trade. Address
box ?.<KU. Call office.
FlOn Kale — A first -class candy store, good bual-
neps and location, on account of sickness.
Apply 304 O'Farrell. bet. Taylor and Mason.
TO lrt — Front stall in Grand Western Market:
suitable for butter, egg and delicacies or
oyster etand. J. H. EGGERS, 1312 Polk st,
3IAVE ?2O0O ami services to Invest In steam
launci y ; country preferred. Box 3124, Call. '
FOR SALE — Established undertaking business
in Oakland. Box C3, Alameda. j
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnned.
PARTY with a small stamp mill complete
wishes to Join a mining partner who has a
good gold mining claim; free milling ore pre-
ferred: party will agree to place the mill
complete on the mining claim and start in to
crush ore for half -interest in the claim; give
full particulars in first reply of what amount
of work has been done so far and with what
success; also size of claim and where located
and what advantages there are to be had of
tinker and water for power, etc. Box 3018,
Call office.
$175— DELICATESSEN and candy store; 4 liv-
lng rooms, yard; fine location; call to-day.
2618 Mission st.
A SACRIFICE — Established 6 years; furnish-
ing goods store and shirt factory; 2 living
rooms adjoining; rent $20. 10 Eighth st.
FOR Sale— A good planing mill In a lumber
yard: located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal.
GROCERY; well established; sales per year,
$20.000; price $2500 cash. Box 3051. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ■
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
18-ROOM HOUSE; RENT ONLY $50. . ... ... .
Price Only $650 — Payments
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances; clears $200 $2200
10 rooms; downtown; clears $S0 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
16 rooms ; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 950
100 rooms; clears $400 6000
60 rooms; clears $550 8600
10 room*; on Eddy st 750
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint <»6.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
62 r.; low rent; best house in city; never
changed hands; Income $600; investigate.
S3 r. ; total expenses $175; apartments. . .$3250
36 r. 5 rent $140; first-class room, house.. S250
S3 r. ; rent $150; part offices; good house. 1800
17 r. ; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears $100 850
11 r.; Jones residence: nice home 600
7 r. ; rent $45; modern flat: reduced.... 376
18 r. : nice res. ; good loc. ; fur., car., red. 1350
WINSTON & WOLF,
1026 Market st 1026 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
18 rooms; rent $60; rart cash $1250
18 rooms; Geary St.: ex. for clear pr'pty
22 rooms; rent $52: N. of Market: only.. 650
27 rooms; best corner in city: rent $100. 2. r i00
46 rooms; cor.; rent $115; investigate... 2S50
A— Near the Call Building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on my installment plan.
A NOTICE — Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFF.
<Tel. John 531.) 906 Market St., cor. Ellis.
Largest .List Lowest price Best terms.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
Elres and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market St.— We have 65
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying investigate our list.
$500 — HOUSE. 0 rooms and bath: well fur-
nished; always rented: rent $25: Howard St.,
nr. Third. Address box 8055, Call office.
A ROOMING-HOUSE. 17 rooms; rent $30; full
of men: good location; cause sickness; price
$350. 28 Clay st.
25-ROOM house north of Market; must tw» sold
at once: no agents. Box 3044. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun., 8 p.m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough: phone Larkin 1086 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs.. 8:15 pin.; 25c; readings, 10 to 5.
A — PROF. GEE. 10S Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c
K. Heussmann permanently located 1774 15th,
nr. Guerrero; cir. Sun. eve., 25c; sit. dally.
PROF. PRICE. M. O.. lecturer and life-reader;
palmistry, astrology; new system. 137 Hyde.
MME. THYES, ell receive tests; Sun.. Tues.,
Thurs.. 8 p. m.. 10c: priv. read. 993 Market.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
ONE~DOLlXr ! . . .~ ..... . ONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00! $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13. 14, first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoj'ant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. i» T»rmaner.tly located at 1200 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Golden Gate a\'e.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms.* Dallv and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The moFt wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall: permanently
located at 125 Turk st.: readings by mail.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants: no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. 007
Kearny Bt., parlors 1, 2, 3.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife:
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 3 p. m. 21516 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladipR50c,
g?nts$l ; palm, nnd clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk
IKMAR. the Eeyptlan Gltwy.clalrvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114K Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLeT326A~ Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads vour life correctly without
ques. ; full names, IK)c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m
CLAIRVOYANT card rpp<i«»r from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to S. 262 M!nna st., near 4th.
50c and $1— PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant: sci-
entific pajmist; card reader. 1007% Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MRF. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. MARY ANNIE JOHNSON, business me-
dium, price $1. 519^ Leavenworth St.. S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: namw glvrn: 25c up. B Fourth st.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1« Twrw tn wmniw for matllnjv *1 r,er TMr.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Work;.. 353-357 Tehama gt.: tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c: laying,
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 023 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning.
3c renovated, relald. 104 14th et. :tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning- Co.. 402 Sutter Bt.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2«3.
CON'KLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
■T33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CI JJ s ««»m Carpet-beating Works. , G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and' Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection AgencyTcth
floor, 010 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
Ift4: able body of attorneys.
TO LET.
BE. COR. Steiner and^Bush^Prettjr modern
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; large yard* rent
reduced. For particulars MADISON &
BURKE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
DENTISTS. :
A^RrTTlTHIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50: other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
Ido first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest' and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays,
' 9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
class results. W. C. HARDING, M.D., dentist.
room 24, 14 McAllister st. ; painless extraction.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 0 Eddy st. — Work dons
on weekly Installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction.
50c. N. YV Dentists. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
SET of *eeth> without, plate. . DR. H. G.
YOUNG. ISil P.olk st.- ;...■
DR.R.L.WALSH.815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext..:50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H, G.. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer bul}dlng;- formerly In Murphy bldg.
' DOG SPECIALIST.
DR. EDWARD N. LBAVT, canine specialist,
late of New -York -City, has Just located at
900 Jones st., where he will administer to the
ailments of domesticated animals; office hours
10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS..
-I, ,-,- ---1- ■ -- - r -n- <■ - -
DR. CREELY'S C P.' dog 6oap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS ASP SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates ; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
■ EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school for men. Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
sts. ; 15-week courses, beginning January 6;
, bookkeeping course $5, electrical course $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes in algebra, Anglo-American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil service,
commercial geography, commercial law, elec-
tricity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
ing, geometry, German, mechanical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA, Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General Secretary-
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, oohstruc-
tion. laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers in account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.: individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $00. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
ACTING — Hallett School; Mr. Harry Gates,
eminent actor, engaged for winter term open-
ing January. Alcazar Theater building.
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. meth,;' concert & oratario. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason St.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary St.;
I day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkep.; $0 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC;- bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Page, cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and.. Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.r,'42l Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Jap'an'esfe-Chlriese "Employment Of-
fice; all kinds' help; ' 315 J Stockton: Main 5188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. . 524 Bush' St.; tel. Bush 516.-
ORPHEUM' Employment Officer-Japanese,' Chl-
neae help. 42ti P.owell.nr.SutterUel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT-; WANTED — FEMALE.
rRESPECTABLEi : German "wom7nT~with 2
children '(9 and '.2%'. -years old), wants posi-
tion in a kooiI .family in the country; ex-
perienced cook; understands nursing and
general housework; also washing; small
wages; u-anta gnr»H hnme; frogf .references.
MRS ABEL, 717 Howard, bet. 3d and 4th.
WANTED — Ex'p'erfenced' waitress and chamber^
maid would like situation in plain country
hotel ; $15 to $20 per month and board of
8-year-old.' child; competent to take entire
charge of. dining-room. Address MRS. A.
STRONG.-St.^ Helena, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED woman' wants work by the
day, washing-- ironing, housecleaning, $1 and
car fare. '4 -Elizabeth place, off Folsom St.,
between .-Third and Fourth.
RELIABLE woman wishes position; general
housework. 10 Verona place, bet. Folsom
and Harrison, off Third st.
DRESSMAKING nnd all kinds of sewing at
reasonable rates by the day or at home.
313 Golden Gate ave.
ELDERLY German woman wishes to assist in
general housework; can do plain cotjcing*
would prefer only 2 In family. Call 22 Page.
WANTED — Position for housework; Oakland
preferred; wages $20. Box 2375, Call office,
Oakland. •
COMPETENT young woman with a child de-
sires situation; capable of managing room-
ing-house, hotel or cooking for men; highest
references. MRS. B. B., 304 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Position to do light housework and
plain sewlnlf by lady of refinement, with lit-
tle daughter; good home desired more than
wages. Box 3047. Call.
YOUNG French - girl, cannot speak English,
wishes a situation for general housework.
Address 304 Montgomery ave.
YOUNG German woman wishes place In coun-
try hotel or lodging-house. Box 3010, Call. '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar,
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1096
Valencia st. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
HOTEL man, long experience, steady and- up-
right, first-class references, wants a position
of any kind for a few months, where his
services will pay his ordinary expenses. Ad-
dress box 2015, Call office.
A YOUNG Englishman, 23 years old and of
good character and appearance, would like
a position In store or drive delivery wagon.
Box 3062. Call office. -
MALE professional nurse from .Denver wants
situation; best- of references; will go any
place. Box- 3063, Call office. - ■'
SITUATION wanted by /an all-round ma-
3060, Call office. -.- ' . * c un ry-
BY a competent man a situation as fireman
to stationary boiler , or night watchman ; in
. or near city. ' Address I. H. D., 425 Tehama.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED by well educated young man (27),
salaried position; store or office; speaks
fluently French and quick and accurate at
figures; references. Apply box 3127. Call.
YOUNG man (21), with experience In butcher
business wishes position; small wages to
start. Box 3016. Call office.
A MAN and wife want to take care of ranch
or private place; good references. Box
3017, Call office.
WANTED— A position as bartender; has had
some experience, or cashier in restaurant or
night clerk in lodging-house; furnish cash se-
curlty; work for small wages. 784 Harrison.
GERMAN, understands bartending and the care
of •horses, wishes situation. Box 3122, Call.
NEAT young man jjf good character, 22 years
of age. desires a position in store or ware-
house. Box 3042. Call office.
WANTED by well educated, energetic and re-
liable young man of 20, salaried position, '
$75; six years' experience In office work;
thorough accountant. Box 3119, Call office.
ELDERLY man wants situation as collector,
watchman or any place not too heavy work.
Box 2374. Call. Oakland.
BUTLER-VALET leaving California for the
East wants to make journey as attendant to
family or invalid; city ref. Box 2179, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions h»s been established at 1098
Valencia st.
~- -.-.r.r?!* N , AN , < ??; A^':.o rTZ
COMPANIES promoted, guaranteed and
financed, stock taken in payment for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MININO
AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post St.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices In operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Home Building Co. — New series of
shares now open; pays Interest and dividends;
a reliable paying investment. 39 Nevada Blk.
WANTED — $7000 to build up manufactures of
unlimited market; thorough, good business
proposition: investigate. Box 3149. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
OAK, 1909 — Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern Improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
NEW upper flat. 6 rooms and finished attic;
tun in every room all day: fine location, view
and grounds. NW. cor. Portola and Waller
6ts., between Pierce and Steiner.
TO let — Modern flat of 7 large rooms and bath;
$25 and water. 2036 San Jose ave., Ala-
meda; Inquire at 203S.
MODERN 7 rooms; furniture for sale reason-
able. Address box 3057, Call.
POLK, 630, bet. Turk and Eddy— Modern mid-
dle flat, 6 rooms; rent $35; no children.
$27 60 — NEW modern flat of 7 rooms, bath,
basement and yard. 4034 18th, near Castro. ,
O'FARRELL, 1935 — Modern flat, 6 sunny j
rooms; bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
$10 — FIVE sunny large rooms, upper flat. 127
Page, between Gough and Octavia.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until
6 o'clock. 79 South Park.
ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat, furnished, 1
year, with reference. Box 3047, Call office.
$25—1517 GOLDEN GATE; middle floor, fur-
nished; 4 rooms, bath; piano; garden. 1 to 4. '
FLATS WANTED. j
WANTED — A clean, modern flat of 4 or 5 rooms
(furnished preferred): lease or by the month;
responsible party. O. M. ROSENDALE. 603
California st., city. — - j
PAPERING room, $3 up; painting reasonable, i
Painter 502 Stanyan St.; phone Park 15. ■[
'■ I
FUKMTUHE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127^1131 Market.
FURNITURE and carpets for sale cheap; near- ,
ly new. 16 Montgomery ave., top floor.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest I
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 701 before selling furniture, car- •
pets, pianos etc. CHA3. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES. y
CHRISTMAS present— Danlcheff glove order; :
factory price guar. ; kept In repair. 121 Grant. ;
HELI> WANTED KUIULK. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
2 more extra waitresses, free fare both ways,
$1 60 a day, start Monday
2 waitresses, mining town, fare paid $25
25 waitresses, city and country '.$20, J.'.o
Chambermaid, country hotel $20
Chambermaid who lives at home.... $6 week
2 plain ironers, assist on mangle, Institution,
country $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German or French cook for gentleman and !
valet. $30; houseglrl. Ban Rafael, no wash- '
ing, fare paid, $25; waitress, 2 in family, $25;
see party here this morning; others. C. R. 1
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. j
WANTED — Working housekeeper for gentle- I
man and daughter, $35; general housework -
girl, 3 in family, $25 and $30; cook, 3 in
family, San Rafael, .$25; second girl, same
house, $20; assist laundry for institution, $20;
4 chambermaids, assist waiting, $20. family
hotels; cook for delicacy, no Sunday work, 1
$25; nursery governess, $25; 4 second girls.
$20, $25; 3 nurseglrls, $15, $20; German ;
nurse, 1 child, $20; and all kinds of house- .
work girls at good wages; call to-day. J. i
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. !
A — MRS. M. E. DAY & CO . . Phone Main 1573 '
HOTEL DEPARTMENT j
Waitresses and Chambermaids ■
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA '
15 waitresses, city and commercial hotels, |
$20 and $25; 3 chambermaids, no waiting, '
$20; pantry woman, city hotel, $25, sleep •
home; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20.
"...FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $35; cook, $25; second, $20, small
family; many other choice reliable positions. '
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st. j
EXPERIENCED nursegirls: wages $25 and !
$20. CATTELL'S, 625 Eighth St.. Oakland, j
__— j
EXPERIENCED hand and machine ironers at \
the Standard Shirt Factory, Gough and j
Grove sts.
' •' . " = :
OPERATORS at Lev! btrauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 12% Fremont St.; no rxperiencs
necessary: good pay, steady work. ATpply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Working girls; the S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE teaches you in 3 .
weeks hairdressing, manicuring, massage; |
entire cours,e $5; eve. classes: positions puar- |
anteed; more calls for help than we can fill. 1
College, 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
EXPERIENCED operators on children's hats; i
beginners taught; good wages. BAUER
BROS. CO., 21 Sansome st. '
EXPERIENCED tuckers and finishers- on la-
dles' Bhlrt waists. BAUER BROS. CO., 21
Sansome st.
WANTED — A flrst-class stenographer and
typewriter; hours, 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. Ad-
dress box 3128. Call office.
GIRL for general housework, $20; .references.
Apply mornings or after 4 p. m., 2907 How-
ard st.
SCOTCH or German girl for general house-
work; small family adults; good cook; refer-
ences; call mornings. * 2225 Pacific ave.
COLLAR rubbers wanted: $6 50 per week; Sat-
urday afternoon off. United States Laundry,
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
— 1
NEAT housekeeper for small, easy place; $10
monthly. 710 Lombard et., cor. Montg. ave.
GIRL or woman experienced as saleswoman in !
store. Apply bet. 10 and 12, 396 Sixth st. |
SLEEVE Ironers wanted. United States Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
WANTED — A first-class waitress; good pay.
People's Restaurant, 031 Clay st. • !
WANTED— Good German or Swedish girl or i
middle-aged woman for general housework
in family of two: no wash; easy place and
good home. 105 Grove St.
WANTED — Respectable, Intelligent, unincum-
bered American woman for general work on
a chicken ranch. Address, stating pay ex-
pected. box 3123. Call office.
YOUNG girl or woman; take care of two chil-
dren; wages $10. Call 2210 Steiner St.. be-
tween 10 and 12 a, - m.
WANTED— A good dressmaker for steady
place; also 1 plain sewer. Apply 764 Howard. |
EXPERIENCED sheepskin glovemakers on ma- ;
chine. F. G. Conklln & Co.. 413 Sacramento. |
REFINED young woman take, entire^ charge ■
boy ten years; references. Box 3121; Call, j
GIRLS wanted — Bookbinder*-. 536 Clay st.
HELP WANTED — FEMAJLE—Conu^
WANTED — A woman of middle age to assist in
a doctor's office. Address box 7963. Call.
EXPERIENCED presF«rs and folders on negll-
gee shirts.' LOWENBERG & CO.. 27 Jessie.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOOtf
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office open 7 a. m.
Machine hand,- country planing mill, $3 day;
blacksmith, city job, $15 week; paper-
hanger, 8 hours, city; 2 saahweight molders;
3 machinists, 9 hours' work; 10 laborers; 5
farmers; « choremen and choreboys; 3 milk-
ers; 2 stablemen; buggy washer; 3 block
makers; milker, and butter maker; farmer,
I and do some- butchering, $35 and found; S
pruners for large fruit ranch, $30 and found:
25 woodchoppers, virgin timber. 3 years' Job,
75c, $2 20 per cord, reduced fares; 15' tie-
makers, 2>c to 12c each.
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, good country hotel ....$50 and found
Cook, hotel north $40
5 cooks; other jobs; German waiter, country
hotel, $30 and tound; dishwashers and kitch-
en help.
Slaughter butcher for ranch. .$40 and found
Baker, country shop $40 and found)
Cake baker $40 and found
Butcher for ranch, fare 60c.. $35 and fcund
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK.,, FREE FARM
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK........
20 header and corner men $2 60 a day
20 drillers. $2 25 a day
Free fare Ship to-day Free faro
Planing mill foreman, country, $3 a day,
free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife for mine boarding-house. $100.
see party here; headw:ook, country hotel,
$75; waiter and wifeT country hotel, 45;
cook, country hotel, $55; butcher, country
shop, $35; cook, restaurant. $14 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SAWMILL foreman, $100 .month; 2 pruners,
$1 75 day; 2 more miners', $2 day and board;
2 planermen, $2 50 and $3 day; milker and
wife, $45, see boss here; 2 young drivers for
milk wagon, $25 and $30 and found; first-
class gardener, $35 and found; laborers, $1 75
day; woodchoppers, tic-makers, laborers for
mills and woods, $26 to $30 and found, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
RESTAURANT cook, $14 week; boardlng-
house cook, $40; hotel waiters, $25 and $30;
hotel porter country, $25 - and found and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st. '
Blacksmith for dredger $40
Fireman for dredger $40
See party here at 8 o'clock.
Gardener, near city $25
'Farmer, near city $30
Farmer for vineyard $22 to $25
Foreman planing mill, country $3 a day
Cook, boarding-house $40
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st. — Second
gardener, $25 and found; man to milk cows,
wife to do plain cooking for five men, $45;
choreman and wlfa to cook, road house, $50;
boy for confectionery. $10 and foundjr wait-
ers, cooks and kitchen help. /
WANTED — Person in each county to repre-
sent old established house, solid financial
standing; straight, bona fide weekly cash sal-
ary of $18 paid by check each Wednesday,
with all expenses direct from headquarters;
money advanced for expenses; inclose self-
addressed stamped envelope. Manager, 320
Caxton building. Chicago.
j WANTED — A liquor salesman for this city
I who can give bonds; state salary expected
and present trade. Address Energy, box
! 3014, Call office.
WANTED — Young men from 17 to 20 years
thoroughly acquainted with wrapping and
j shipping department; references required.
i Answer by letter box 3067, Call office. N
! WANTED — A first-class stenographer and type-
; writer: hours 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. Address
box 3131. Call office.
A — $125; STEADY man as partner In good pay-
ing business; will pay $20 a week. 88 Third.
, WANTED — Driver solicitor for dyeing and
cleaning works. 1643 Market fit.
BRIGHT boy about 15 years; general work;
ladies' tailoring store. A. KAHN, 142 Geary,
BOOTBLACK wanted! 323 Devisadero~st.rbe^
tween Oak and Page, In barber shop.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 503 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
1 WANTED — Boy for steady position. Address,
! stating age. box 3066. Call office.
WANTED — Boys to distribute circulars. 1236
Market st.. room 130.
i 2 BARBERS wanted. 644 Clay st.
■ BOY In tin shop; learn trade; age 16 years.
; Apply 7 to 0, 533 Mission st.
1 1ST-CLASS Jewelry clerk for wholesale house;
must be experienced. Address box 3068. Call.
WANTED — Barber; steady Job to right man.
252 Ellis st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1215 Point Lobos ave; wages $5 50.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
I character, between the ages of &1 and 35: not
less than 6 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
1 further Information' apply at the Recruiting
I Office, 40 Ellis fit.. San Francisco.
j A FIRST-CLASS dry goods and cloak sales-
man for a large town in Alaska; city refer-
ences wanted. Apply M. MARCUSE & CO..
125 Sansome St., Friday and Saturday, 10
to 1 p. m. •
WANTED — An experienced jewelry salesman for
retail store; must understand order work;
correspondence strictly confidential. Address
I box 3052. Call office. .
! LARGE boy to work in candy factory; steady
position; wages $5 per week.- Call to-day,
9-11. BLUM'S confectionery, corner Polk and
Sutter sts. v
! WANTED — Reliable man with some cash; take
cash and assist in small restaurant: $30 mo.;
I no experience. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard
' FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop at sacrifice. 013
Seventh st.. near Market.
I WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
j that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
j rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
j MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
I mand; only requires S weeks: tools donated;
! catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
j LEGE. 635 Clay st.
COATMAKER 'wanted to work In store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st.
GOOD cakebaker wanted at 1205 Polk st. New
Western Bakery.
2-CHAIR barber shop, with cigar stand, for
sale; sickness. 300 Golden Gate ave.
McPONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 60c up. 2HJThirtl st.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
I SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
j the -world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
I 500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
• 50c up: soling 20c up. 92:5 Howard st., nr. 5th.
1 PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. X. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thtfmas Post. G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while walttnsr: 25c
/ to 50c. 5&". Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109G
Valencia st.
HOltSllS AX» WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday. Jan. 1, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer. •- ,r~,
WILL sell or exchange a well-bred team of
young bay pacers for good* roadster or cash.
Call at Twin Peak Stables. 3512 Sixteenth
St., between Sanchez and Noe.
I HORSES— 100 head to select from; good single
I drivers frcm $20 up. JOHN H. HALTON,
1732 Market st.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAH-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
j LARGE double wagon and double harness and
; Hall safe. 120 Battery st.
Horse, $20; horse. $25; buggy, $30. single coal or
hay wagon. $-10: cart. $7 CO. 79 City Hall ave.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. John H... HALTON.. 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN ip goud carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 005 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagrons. buersrie«, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
AN A. No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
I camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
j - HOUSES TO LET.
i A— PRINTED^eMwjTeTlo^ieTr^e^^or^cirl
cular. G. H.-UMBSSN & CO., It Montgomery.
A — ELEGANT corner 5<>-rocni house; swell lo-
cation. ■ SPECK' & CO:. CG7 Market st.
HYGIEMC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irritations positively
cured. ladies or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment; consultation free. MKis.
HARTLAND, Hair Specialist, r. 39. 139 Post.
HYTXOTISM.
ffY^N^)TISM^Tlie^iew^method of hypnotizing;
a grand success; the course of lessons explain-
ing this new discovery sent on receipt or 50c.
PROF. W. E. LUCAS. 861 Market St.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST^On Christmas day. In Golden Gate Park,
an enameled pin composed of Danish coat-
of-arms. Please return to 844 McAllister St..
corner Laguna, and receive reward^ >
LOST— Gold watch fob and' locket set with
small diamond: initial on locket, J. T. R.
Liberal reward If returned to 452 Third st.
LOST — Diamond heart, pear shaped, ruby cen-
ter; liberal reward. Box 30C5, Call office.
LOST— A Scotch collie dog, with licenso tag on
right fore leg. Reward at 105 Maaon st.
LOST — Wednesday, between 24th st. and fer-
ries, a lady's lace handkerchief. Finder re-
turn J. A. GRAY. 215 Mission st.; reward.
LOST— Lady's open-face gold watch; C. A. M.
on back; full name and date inside; No. 704C;
liberal reward. R. W. DAVIS, 343 Sutter st.
$5 — BROWN and white English setter, dog.
Return to B. J. BAUM. 2721 Clay at.
LOST^Red wallet, Sunday, Dec. 22; liberal r«-
ward if returned. F. D. TAYLOR. 322 Pine.
LOST — Black and white cocker spaniel named
Fanny; reward. 626 California st.
IT will pay to • •Remember' * that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter »t.. neads old
gold and silver to mak« new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS. £
ENSIGN Machine Works. 415% Sacramento St..
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, S. 12 H. P. specialty; repairing.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladlea send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellla.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and setrillsed. uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st. ; tel. Bush 4J1. .
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL — All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines nave be*n used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: ill classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. 5.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A — MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
sity, Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladles
before and during confinement; best of care;
confinement, $15; room and board, $5; infants
adopted: will take two to work at my private
realdence.eoq Guerrero, nr. 18th; tel. Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed: home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy st., near
Taylor, fonretly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles* physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market St.. opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MR3. DAVIES* original
method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 1126 Market et., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; "a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MIXING.
WANTED— Half grub stake for half Interest in
rich prospect in 8E. Alaska by two parties
of good references who know country
thoroughly. Box 3115. Call.
MISCKLLAMUOLS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont sf_
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. II.
S. WHITE, S16-520 Mission St.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23 Stockton
st., upstairs.
INVENTION of refrigerator which keeps Ice
from 8 to 10 days; not patented yet; guaran-
teed; for sale. Box 3059, Call office.
STEAM launch Romola; length 30 ft.; beam
6 ft. 4 in.; speed 10 miles. J. W. Henderson,
boathouse near Webster-st. bridge. Oakland.
A — (3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. 91 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A VERY fine old violin for sale. New Munld-
pal Loan Office. 017 Washington st.
OLD Schweitzer violin, 1815, worth $250. only
$00. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQUOISE diamond earrings. $22 60. Port-
land Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
26-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER. 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
1 TYPEWRITERS^ 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale St.
FAIRBANK'S 10- ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE~HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Tfrogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny St.. rm. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all length's and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-T>and moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Dental chair. Columbia or Wllker-
son; good condition; cheap for cash. Box 3061
Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 12C5, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 J»th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
LADIES & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. Silverman, 984 Folsom ;tel.FoIsomll91.
BIG prices paid for' sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
JiOMU "I O LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY.",! 603 Examln^r^buiidTng".
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
on nrst and second mortgages ......
Life interests In estates
Property being held In trust
Undivided interests in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates In probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
It You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. bO3 Examiner big.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5^ 4 6 per cent in sums to fulf
City. Oakland, Town and Country property-
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will D ur-
chase a'-ove securities. Tel. Red 5O24. MAV-
H ATT AN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Crocker biff.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENtT ■
First, second and third mortgages..
Undivided interest in real estate in probate' '
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
. Get my terms before <lr.in«r business elsewhere
24 Montgomery st.. rooni 3 ."" ".'.' \
ANY. proposition, any amount: 6 per cent- first
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
pate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and Her
caiftlle interests, corporation loans Roon- 1«
1st floor.Chrcnicle bide. GEORGE E . oiSeSS'
Efcagges d . WEE lrS$fr
Kg Grant i* near
WOyTT TO LOAN— ContlnnM. \
HIGHLY respectable private place to efetala
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84H
Market st. : tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse, etc. : any amt. : low-
est rates; private. Ormsby, 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3 Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, antiques and curios bought. The Old
Curiosity Store. 113 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
8% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up: no re-
moval: open, evenings. Room 81, 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
commls.: confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Mkt.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 118 McAllister st.
ON^I per cent t>n furniture: $5 a month on each
$100O: any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money try _
buy It. A. E. RUPELL, 222 Sansoma »t. / (^
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
sltlons. 3. F. Discount Agcy.. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 809 Phelan bldg.
l MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ilX grades sold by "the Heine Piano Co.. sole
agents most famous and oldest American
makes; easy payments: big allowance for old
pianos; rents |2 up allowed If purchased: our
' new building and hall will b« completed be-
fore March 1st: we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goods; among them are all
tha standard makes from $25 up to $350;
open evenings during this sale; agents want-
ed everywhere for the Peerless Heine and
our entire Una. HEIXE PIANO CO.. 21T
Geary st.
AT this stags of the holiday buslnesa w* can
only ask you to call and let us show you
our goods. The prices and cpiallty will con-
vince you that we are giving the very beet
pianos for the lowest prices of any rellab!*
house, and we guarantee everything we »ell l
to give satisfaction: pianos as low as $75.
We take cash or payments. Wlssner. Decker
& Son. Baumei8ter, Steger and Singer are our
best sellers. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 76» Market et.
AGAIN we remind you tnat our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianoa sold upon
eai>y payments of $6 per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and *3 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stemway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sta.. Oakland.
BOHMER A CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos. '
HAMILTON Pianos. '
SPIELMANN Piano*.
CECIUAN PIANO PLATER. " -3*!
PIPE ORGANS.
BYRON MAUZY. 808-310-812 Pot K.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright piano* from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CtTRTAZ &
SON, 18 to 20 O'Farrell. Chiciertng. Mason
& Hamlln. Vcse, Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright piano, $85; slx-octav»
Mason & Hamlln organ, $35; Stein way
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275: Bech-
stein baby grand, almost new. BOWERS &
SON, 23 Fifth st. I rVERS A POND, Agents.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
pfict; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell
St.; established 185a
EXCITING bargains — Three cars new hlgii-
graCe pianos stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (in-
stallments); open evenings unttl 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 833 Market st.
A large shipment of LTTDWIG pianos Just ar-
rived: also the new CHASE & BAKER se'.t
piano players.
OUR planoo. the leading makers; price $100
upward: values best in the city. PIERCE" 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
PARTY called East is forced to sacrifice large
new $500 upright grand piano. 543 Turk st.
$175 — A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
$125 — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung-. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFFS. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
OFFICES ATfD STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. S28 — Newly fitted up store; cheap;
also store. 804 Sansome St.. $10.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, tn good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2933.
, H. JEROME FOSET.T.T. scientific palmist. BIS
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel.Blaclc 661.
MME. ZELLA, palmist and card reader: 25a
and 50c. 783& Market St.; bring this ad.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTEI) — Lady as partner in delicatessen
store or grocery by man. who ha« been la
buslnesa 10 years. Address box 3012. Call.
PERSONALS. ,\'
THE Children's Class at' Hlnman' • School oi
Dancing will give a party this evening at
their hall. 1412 PoUc St., bet. Pine and Calt-
fornla. The Juvenile class at thm branch
school, cor. of Howard and 21st sts.. will
give their party New Year's afternoon.
LISTEN! Don't buy over $20 suits; th« quality
and workmanship is high-priced; any suit or
overcoat in house to order $20; no more, no
less: any style. MASTEN. The Tailor, 701
Geary st.. corner Leavenworth.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
LISTEN! It's not what you pay for our $3 all-
wool pants; it's what you get for what you
pay. They are world-beaters: best value on
earth; made to order. MASTEN, The Tailor,
701 Geary St.. corner Leavenworth.
WHY Guess? You can be certatn of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dee. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVAN3.
Domeatle office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth,
FACE massage, complexion beautifying: latest
Continental methods: electric roleau: super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electrlo
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California at.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdressing. manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc.. at moderate prices in America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BOX-TON."
324 Post st. ; switches at bargain prices.
THE latest and best things In ladles' ready to-i
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts. »"W
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO., 15t» Sthif
WHITE enamel iron beds single, three-quarter
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
t, CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
WRINKLES removed, scientific method. 30c;
hairdresslnK. 25c: manicuring. 25c- shampoo-
lng, 60c. Q. jLEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 5«8 Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, whera
can be found fine stock of ladles' underwear.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
_Dr.G.S. Moore, &?2 O'Farrell: send for circular.
A — VIOA. Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 76a Valencia St.. corner 19th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
GOLD cure for drunkenness: sure remedy;
testimonials. MOOSER CO.. 1125 Geary. S. F.
Mrs. Brigsrs — Superfluous hAir moles removed
by electric neetUe. WS Sutter: tel.Le.rkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 4-7 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlm;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73S Mkt.
Masquerade eoaUiaca at H. Anderson'?, theatrt-
cal costumer. L'K O'Farreil: country I cro««»r>
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50: dress pants, t- 3<*4
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont. *
E>R. LAMOTTE'S FREXCII CORN PAINT.
the best corn cure; 2.~>c; all druggists.
ALFRED17MS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for *1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.I I PATENTS AXD PKXSIOXS..
PE^CSIOX atfvioe free: sr<?neral prnctltlo:<er. \
Ceo. V. Onrp'seli. lawyer. Kx-iminer bldg. 1 '
- |'HVMCtAK> A\O St' &<;EON«*. !•
PR. C. C O'DOJCXELL. — Office and .evidence" !
I<^?l'i ilarket ft.. l>?t. Sixth and Seventh. " I
Xifj WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully j
tirai? al! rii&eases of the human body: sec "
testimonials at office. 115-117 Manon, nr. Ellis. \
WONG WO. herb doctor -"sanitarium
7et-TCt Olay s;. ; r<?e testimonials at office. ' I
PliAMXti AXU Tt;KMXO MILLS.
AVOOD and Ifo-y Turning. PlaiiTng, Shaping-
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. Do Fremont !
PROrEttXY WASTED] j
WANTED— To vent, a large vineyard or or^ i
chsrd. Address H. S.. box SOoS. Call offlce.
III3AL l-.M'Ai'K GTJ KOSS. *.YL.«0. J
FOK SALE BY THOMA^MAGEE^SONS^'
P.cai Esiate Agent*, 5 Montgomery . st.
Reasonable homes for sale in the Western
Addition and Mission. i
$6675— Green St.. with lot C5xl3"i_; very ar- I
tlftic 2-Ktory bay-window house, 8 {
rooms, bath; all In good order; cars !
elOFe by: street bituminized; artificial
stone sidewalk: worth looking at.
_fc| :•— I n-.on st.. north side: larpe lot. 00x130:
very good 2-etcry and basement house,
with 7 iTicms and bath; 2-story stable
:n rear of lot; cars passing; plenty of !
sun in this house. !
(C500 — Phot well St.. in best portion: large lot. I
50-foot front; line 2-story and basement i
residence.
(0000 — Howard st. ; pood 2-story and basement i
house. 10 rooms and bath; all In good i
order: brick foundation; fine, grounds: 1
rented for $45 a month; street work i
done; electric cars parsing; lot 3t5xl22Mt. i
fti'.^O — Oak st.. facing park panhandle; 25x '
137 1 ?. ; fin; 2-story, attic and basement '■
house; al! in first-class condition; re- j
cenily painted outside and repaired in- |
side; rerted lor P4O a montn; street '■
bltumin:z<d; artificial stone sidewalk: i
electric cars passing- : a very desirable I
neighborhood and a fine buy; will give j
easy terms. ,
13000 — O'FarreU st. : cottage with good lot 25x j
120 to rear street; 2 frontages; all street ;
work done ; this cottage could be moved j
to rear o:l lot and fine flats built on j
O'Farrell ft., and would pay well. '
$5000 — Webster St.; cottaee of O rooms. In fine )
location: 25 feet front; cars half & block |
away: str;et work done. ;
f 5000 — Gough st. ; large house of 11. rooms and j
bath, laundry and basemenv; $1000 re-
cently spent in improving house: street
and sidewalk done; cloee to Hayes Val-
ley and very convenient to town; will ■
always reat if buyer wanted to rent it. j
fi5CU — Clay et.: good 2-stcry and basement)
house, 7 rooms and bath; rented for \
$27 50 a month: good neighborhood; I
close to a plaza; street work done; house j
in good order; porcelain tubs, etc; street j
work accepted by the city. '
fiT>00 — O'Farrell et.; 25x90 and fair 2-story j
house. 6 rooms and bath; street work I
done. .« !
Jt-> w — Capp Ft.; 2 houses, 7 rooms and t>ath; '
JgW rents $3<i ?ech: let 30x122 Vi <=ach: street \
gy and sidewalk done; very good neighbor- ,
j^ hood; good buy either for residence or I
for income. • . c '■*-'■ i
$3250 — Thirteenth st. ; S0x73, -with good house in I
2 separate: houses, 5 rooms and bath !
each, renting Icr R15 each; total $30 a i
month; street done; ciose to Valencia I
and Guerrero st. cars; good neighbor-
hood. ,' ' ' ■
f2000 — Scott st., close to Geary-et. cars; 25x
92^2. with 2 cottages of 3 ana 6 rooms;
total rents $20: electric- , cars passing;
street wort fione; -cheap.
f2500 — Third avt.; new cottage. 5 rooms and
bath; ve-y . comfortable; 115x120; car
service lr Richmond as good as any
other portion of the city.
$2500 — Filbert st ; cottage, only 4 years old;. 5
rooms ami bath; oars on Union St.; a
nice little home.
$2000 — Church st. : 1-story cottage. 5 rooms and
bath; all in s?ood condition: $335 re-
cently spf-nt for new plumbing, sewer,
painting, etc.; rent ?15 a. month.
IF you want a home we will buy a lot and
build you a house on monthly payments.
Pacific Home Building Co., 33 Nevada Block.
FOR tale — Sacrifice: nice flats; Liberty et.;
choice location Owner, box 3050, Call.
REAL ESTATE — COUXTBT — For Sale
IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS. ~"
Cheap Homes i — Safe 'Investment*.
Government l*ands at Government Prices.
V Irrigated lands in valley o£ Colorado River,
San Diego County, on line Southern Pacific
Railroad.
Fertility of £*>il unsurpassed; -water supply
absolutely safe-; best -winter climate In the
world; ..wheat. 60 bu£hj».per acre; alfalfa. 9..
crops per year; citrus fruits for Thanksgiving
market; other rirults from 2 to 6 weeks ahead
of Los Angeless; water stocks, $20 per acre;
$5 cash, balance on time.
140,000 Acres Placed In Past 18 Months.
Crops planted last July have already paid
for land and vrater.
For fnll Information address IMPERIAL
LAND COJIP;u\T. A. Frank Hess, arent,
4*Q Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE KEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Ootaii. Sonoma. Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and g-eneral farming-. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California et., for pam-
phlets and Information. y^
TO rent — The befit 120-acre ranch In Napa Val-
ley: -well improved and fully equipped; $1000
cash : call to-d:iy
K. D. SICKEI.S. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FOR eale or to rent; 4% acres, rich- soil; per-
fectly level; email Improvements; near Saa
Mateo. Inquire 207 Church st.. after 5 p. rn.
PROFIT ABLE ' orang*. lemon, peach & prune
lands to Bell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. Healy & Henderson, fl Eddy st.
JDR homes for health ei}4 profit eee J. J.
BAMBER. Skyland, Cal.
J'OTJLTTtY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C- n. WIJCFIELP. FetaJnma, Cat.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAWEDA ltEAL ESTATE.
J3AE.GAINE; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; >_ cash. Bank of AJa.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
03750 — IN tee Hlllegass Tract; fine 2-*tory
house of 7 rooms and bath; thoroughly mod-
ern: connected with gas and electric lights;
lot {50x156; 6tr«S' 1 t work all done; only 5 min-
ctes to the uclveralty.
JOSEPH J. MASON.
Berkeley Station.
ONT.T one left: new house of 9 rooms and
bath: combination fixtures: Sunshine -water
heater: fine corner lot; street -work all done;
near the station and electric, cars; price
$3300. \
JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND "ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
O AKLAST) REAL ESTATE.
C M. DODGE iriox^
1160 Broadway. Oakland.
$3250 — Someth jig extra, nice In the way of &
kjodern up-to-dsie. brand new home In Oak-
-Tfnd out toward Berkeley; lot 50x125; 7 rooms
ZniJ bath. Call and let «« chow you thig.
OAKLAJflT COTTAGES TO LET.
6UNNT lower flit, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; largs.
corner lot; lawn: fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric 'jars, corner Washington and
Eighth et«., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1659 IClnth ave.. East Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for sale
or rent. Appy to W. B. BAKNABD. HIS
Broadway: telephone Main 10. • ■- -
«^— — i 1^— — "— *^— *— —
Oakland Fj^^JJJiH^^J^SL-^i^:
j^U^oOu^ioTr-to you from H^ Schellhaae, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR KOjJS E ICEEPIX G-
f£ftH~353-— 3~furniFhed housekeeping, $12; 3
conne'eting, 2 Ijcds. $15; also clngle. $5 to $7.
GOLDEN GATK, C37 — 2 large
housekeeping- rooms; eome rurnlture to be
EOld.
LARKIN, 716— Two sunny furnished house-
keeping room*. $12. j
LEAVEXWORT H. 5O<3 — Alcove room; nicely j
furnished for housekeeping. > |
JtAUSCH, 85. near Folsom—3 or 4 housekeep- j
\in_- rooms. — '
THE BELL. 3773 Market— Front bay-window j
room -and sunny kitchen; gas range; ?!-■
TWO sunny front rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping, $2 per week. Apply shoe- j
■tore, 6C3 Mission jet. _ i
CLASSIFIED advertlet ments and «ubscription» j
received at Call branch oince, _200 Fillmore. J
A^,?rI LE H ,?, tel - 231 McAUlster&New.ielegantJ
Runny: grhl attached; 75c day upwara; rates'
cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House7~uir~Sixth^R^n^.
"* to ?1 Per night; 51 25 to $5 -per v.eek; and
— _____j2_______;P in S rooms; aper. all nisht.
* Bl; R^ T ETT, li_G Market (old NcT 13*J0— FurV
____*___5_f^£-* suiter, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner MaTon^-Elef?antly
tumlshed sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozail) — Nicely furnished rooms,
«>5c. i^l 50 night; ?1 50, $0 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS. 771 — Home-like, sunny rooms.
FRANCISCO Hotel— Elegant suites; single:
; transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
: GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-'
ed EUltcs and single; travelers accommodated.
i GEARY, 1527 — Unfurnished front connecting
| rooms; water, gas. bath, phone; references.
HOWARD, 728, near Third— One . frodt sunny
room: reasonable.
JESSIE. 3C3. near Fifth and Market — Fur-
! nlshed room, $5; large front room, $8.
j MISSION. 7C0, near Fourth— Furnished rooms
i and housekeeping rooms. -
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; S5c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms sind
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
i SHERMAN Apartment House.- 28 Eighth st.,
j near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
j SUTTER, 320% (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient, j
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received _at Call branch of See, 2200 Fillmore.
! A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1OX3
j Valencia Et.
■ ROOMS AND BOARD.:
! HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts.
— In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fegs; choice sunny suits; flrst class. .
I THE Irvingdale. C26 Eddy — Suite suitable for
1 three gentlemen with board, $00; single rooms
with board. $22 50 up; excellent table.
i THE Pierpont, 418 Ellis — Everything new;
. most elegantly furnished apartments; first-
class dlnlnc-room.
I GOLDEN GATE ave., 727 — Nicely furnished
; sunny room, with or without board; gas;
bath; private; reasonable.
! EDDY, 31G — Elegantly furnished sunny room;
; board excellent. -
j THE Audubon, 1105 Hyde st. — Fine rooms,
| single or suite; excellent board.
! CALIFORNIA, S07 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
■ family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
j VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished apart-
! ments; conv.; 2 to 5 gents; best table board.
j NIARA, G15 Taylor — Nicely\ furnished sunny
j rooms; excellent board; terms reasonable.
I HOTEL Repelier. 7S1 Sutter — Newly furnished;
I excellent table ; special rates to tourists.
j ROOMS WAXTED.
| "WANTED — By old gentleman and daughter, 2
• unfurnished rooms and kitchen; north of Mar- 1
; ket, not far from theaters. Box 3071, Call. I
Furnished room wanted by a single gentleman i
nr.- Kearny; state terms. Box 3013, Call.
RUPTURE SAXITARICSI.
RUPTURE cured J at" HUNTER- SSANITA-
RKJM. 1200 Market St.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
KEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 20D 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
palring: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.'
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; .tel.' Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storaee Warehouse. S40 Mls-
elon St.: teL Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. "
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
teL Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREATMBARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 636 California ; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
type-writer doctors -.estimate free. 209 Saneome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA. SAK^DEPoilT~AND~TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery ets. — For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901, dividends have been declared
on deposits In the savings department of this
company as follows: On -term deposits at
the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per annum, and
on ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2. 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1.- 1902. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY. 101 Mont-
gomery at., corner of Sutter — The board of
directors declared a dividend for the term
ending- December 31, 1901, at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3%) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after January 2, 1902. Dividends
not called for are added to and bear the
eame rate of dividend as the principal from
and after January 1, 1902.
CYRUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cal-
ifornia et.. corner Webb. — For the half-year
ending- with the 31st of December, 1001, a
dividend bag been declared at the rate per
annum of three and forty-two one hundredths
<3 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
(3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after Thursday, Janu-
ary 2. 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO — For the half year ending- December
81, 1901, a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three (3) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Thursday, January 2,, 1902. GEORGE A.
BTORY. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. C26
California et. — For the half-year ending with
December 31; 1901, a dividend has been de-
clared at. the rate cf three (3) per cent tier
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Thursday, January 2,
19C2. GEORGE TOURNY, Secretary.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, 222 Sansome 6t., has declared for the
fix months ending December 31, 1901, a divi-
dend of 8 per cent per annum on Classes"A"
and "F" stock, 6 per cent on term deposits
and 5 per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes. WILLIAM CORBIN, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS
Geary st. — The directors have declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1902.
- ERNEST BRAND. Secretary-
LEGAL ADVERTISEJIEMS. |
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611, Examiner bldg. ; phone Black 3604.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's Offlce 36 New Montgomery i
Bt.. Ban Francisco. Cal., December 27, 1001 — :
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be received
at this offlce until 10 o'clock a. m., Friday,
January 10 1902, Pacific Standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing Arctic Overshoes,
Muskrat Caps and Gauntlets, Jean Drawers,
Campaign Hats, NecKties, Knit Wool Draw-
ers and Undershlrt#, Woolen Stockings, White
Muslin Shirts, Scrubbing Brushes, Company,
Post and Regimental Books, • Rubber Ponchos
and Sky-blue Kersey. Quantities to be sub-
ject to an increase of 20 per cent If desired
by this Department. Bids will be opened for
the delivery of the same articles at either
the San ■ Francisco. Boston, Chicago or Phil-
adelphia depots. To avoid misunderstanding
as to the exact nature of the articles to be
furnished, bidders will carefully examine th«
etandard samples and specifications, so that
proposals may be submitted by. them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. An
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will be Insisted upon in the Inspec-
tion of the goods. UNGUARANTEED BIDS
AND BIDS UPON SAMPLES differing from
standard and specifications will under no cir-
cumstances be considered, except In. case of
! stockings. . which are to have shaped heels.
Bids for delivery or Inspection at other points
than those named above will not be con-
eidered. Early deliveries are essential. Bid-
ders must state in their proposals the rate
and time of delivery should contract t»»
awarded to them, and no proposition should
be made, which they are- not positive that
they can Absolutely fulfill. The articles ad-
vertised for are the same for which bids will
be opened at the other depots. Preference
* will be given to articles of domestic produc-
i tlon and manufacture, conditions of price and
• quality being *qual (including in the price of
' foreign production and manufacture the duty
i thereon), and such preference will be given lo
i articles of American production and manufac- .
' ture produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
' tent of the consumntlon required by the pub-
: He service there. The United States reserves
th«» right to accept or reject any or all pro-
jwtals or any part thereof. Information and
■blanks for proposals will b» furnished on ap-
! plication. Envelopes containing proposals
I will be Indorsed "Proposals No. 114DS," and
I addressed t*» MAJOR C. P. MILLER. Quar-
| tcrmaster. U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
SPECIAI, XOTICBS. J
BAD tenants ejected for $1; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.,' 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10;tel.55S0.
MAEEIAGE..; LICENSES. V
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Arthur^L. Daves, 21, 8 Lewis street; and
Nannie P. Funge, 20, 136 Tremont avenue.'
Mathias Roglna, 31, Crockett, and Katharina,
Zagar. IS, 31 Freelon street.
William E. Arnold, 02, ■ Duncans Mills; and
i Helen E. Pumphrey, 50, city. -. • ■ .
Morris Lyman, 31, 093 Market street, and
Annie Melnster, 27, 003 Market street.
Manuel Barag-an, 30, 535 Vallejo street, and'
Antonia B. . Cazare, 26, 5.'J5 Vallejo street. :
Lorenzo' Jessen, 50, 216 Harrison street, and
Sarah E. Mor.se, 40, 704' Folsom street.
William Kelly, 44, 204 East street, and Liz-
zie Dillon. 2-1. 204 East street. .
Anson B. Swan, 30, 321 Ellis street, and
Anna M. Youne, IS, corner Seventh and Mis-
sion streets.
Samuel A. Lsffingwell, SO, 775 Mission street,
and Martha E. Martin. 34. 233 Valencia st.
Benjamin O. Lacey, 25, Eureka, and Alice
M. McKee, 23, 49 Hill street."
Hans P. Nessen, 21, 22 Mint avenue, and
Maren C. Squires, 2C. 22 Mint avenue. \«
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
Birth., marriage and death notices .sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be banded
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. : ;
FREDERICKS— In this city, December 22, I
j 1001, to the wife of A. Remy Fredericks, a
son. .. ■• . •
MARRIED. ~~
BADGLEY— DORSEY— In this city, by H. L.
Joachims-en, Esq., Justice of the Peace, Hor-
ace P. Badeley and Ella W. Dorsey, both
of Santa Rcsa.
BROWN— STADER— In this city. December
21, 1001. by the Rev. John G. Vogel, Henry
E. Brown and Julia F. Stader, both of San
Francisco. •••'>•>;
FEIL— EHLERS— In this city. December 25.
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Henry F.
W. Feil and Emma Ehlers.
LYNCH — GOAKY — In Sacramento. December
25, 1001, by the Rev. Father Brady, Edward
M. Lynch and Mae A. Goahy;
NEURAUMONT— LINGENFELSER — In this
city, December 23, 1001, by the Rev. J.
Fuendeling-, Justin R. Neuraumont and Lil-
lie M. Lingenfelser. - ■-.-..
•NUNN— KORNMEYER— In this city, Decem-
"ber 25, 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendsling.
Elton D.. Nunn of Great Falls, Mont., and
Charlotte Kornmeyer of San Francisco.
SCHLICHER— APFFEL-In this city; Decem-
ber 24, 1001, -by the Rev. J. Fqendeling.
Fred L. Schlicher arid Agatha Apffel.
DIED.
Black, James ; Lynch (Lencioni),
Blair, Matilda Louis
Chandler. Bethia McNulty, Mabel F.
Coakley, John Morosco (Bishop),
Dixon, Thomas R. Walter M.
Dockery. Bridget Offerman, Johannes
Favor, Mary M. Onken, William "J.
Flnnegan, Catherine Pryal, Ella A. '
Garcia. Capt. Jos. S. Quarg-, Emil O.
Gardner. Frank Rosseter. Arthur L.
Gerry, John H. • Salz, Rachel
Hadley, Moses F. Steinwig, Carl
Hasiiagen, Sarah Treadway, George T.
', Humphreys, Captain Vollandt, Johanna
I Leah Waltjen. Delia
I Jones, William L. Wickburg, Capt. S. F.*
| Kreuzer, Rosie Woodside, Matty
BLACK— At San Francisco. December 27,
1901, James Black, father of A. P. Black of
San Francisco and J. C. Black of San Jose,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 93 years 3
months and 27 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at the family residence, 1318 Green street,
between Polk and Larkin, at 0 o'clock, to-
morrow (Sunday). Interment at San Jose.
BLAIR— In this city, December 27, 1901, Ma-
tilda Blair, wife of the late Thomas M.
Blair.
fl_f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Co., 52 and 50 Mint
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CHANDLER— In Santa Rosa, December 25,
1901, Bethia, beloved wife of the late Noah
Chandler, a native of Richmond, New .Bruns-
wick, aged 72 years and 1 day.
l_7" Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery to-
day (Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock.
COAKLEY— In this city, December 27, 1901,
John Coakley, a member of Longshore Lum-
bermen's Protective Association, Local No.
224, and CourtaColumbia No. 55, F. of A., a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 61 years.
{C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Pcwell street, near Post, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services, commencing at
, 12_30 o'clock. . - • . .
DIXON— In this city," December 26, 1001.
Thomas R. Dixon, beloved son of the late
Richard and Sarah Dixon, and brother of
Mrs. L. Hartnett, Mrs. C. Easton and Lucy,
Samuel, Walter, John, James and Joseph
Dixon, a native of San Francisco, aiced 38
years and 9 months.
(_?"The funeral will taki place to-day
(Saturday), ■ at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1207 Pacific street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Pacific Parlor No.
10, N. S. G. W..- are hereby notified to as-
semble at 1267 Pacific street to-day (Sat-
urday), at 1:30 o'clock, for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late brother, T.
R. Dixon. Fiineral will be under the aus-
pices of Pacific Parlor. Fines for non-at-
tendance will be strictly enforced.
E. J. BANNING, President.
J. C. MILLER, Recording Secretary.
DOCKERY— In South San Francisco. Decem-
ber 26, 1901, Bridget Dockery, dearly beloved
wife of Patrick Dockery, and beloved mother
cf Mrs. Mary E. Jose of Redding and Ed-
ward Dockery, a. native of County Longford,
Ireland, aged 74 years. (Trinity Journal
please copy.)
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful.y Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2016 Sixteenth avenue south, be-
tween R and S streets south, thence to All
Hallows' Church, N street south, . where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FAVOR — In this city. December 27, • 1901,
Mary M. Favor, aged 43 years. '
FINNEGAN— In this city, December 27, 1001,
at her residence, 716% Ivy avenue, Cather-
ine, beloved sister of Mary and James Flnne-
gan, a native of County Monaghan, Ireland.
B_f Notice of funeral hereafter.
GARCIA — In Ontario, San Bernardino County,
Cal.. December 25, 1901, Captain Joseph S.
Garcia, beloved husband of Elizabeth ■ Gar-
cia, brother of Mrs. Enos of San Learidro,
and brother-in-law of .Mrs. Sarah H. Rice of
San Francisco, a native of Portugal, aged 78
years and 6 months.
0_TThe . funeral services will be held at
Pioneer Hall. Fourth street, near Market,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock," under the
auspices of the Society of California Plo-
necri. of which deceased was a member. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GARDNER— In this city, December 27, 1901,
Frank, dearly beloved son of Kelllck and
Margaret Gardner, and brother of, Edward
Gardner, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 4 ' months and 12 days.
GERRY— In this city, December 25. 1901, John
H. Gerry, beloved father of Mrs. Josephine
Dupree, Mrs. F. G. Hall and Mrs. Etta Wil-
son, and grandfather of Mrs. Herman Amud-
sen, Edith Hall, Frederick J. Hall and Car-
rie Dupree, a native of Massachusetts, aged
04 years. ' : :
JCTFrlends and acoualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
Btreet. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HADLEY — In this city, December 20, 1901,
Moses F» Hadley, beloved husband of Ellen
F Hadley, and father of Fred W., Herbert
and William Hadley and Mrs. Ella F. Mild,
a native of Massachusetts, aged 76 years 11
months and 26 days. ....
tCXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday)," at 1:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriase. . ■
HISHAGEN-In this city. December 27, 1901.
Sarah, beloved wife of Christian Hashagren,
devoted mother of William, ■ Bertha,-- Chris
and Joseph Hashagen and Mrs. E. J. Behan,
and sister of Martin Donohue, a j native of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80./
jYlt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
I NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eamuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company, for 13
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors nt 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ;> '
27 nnd 29 Fifth St. Tel. South »07 _
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM&ALMER&_|
Finest Equipment at Moderate . Rates. «
__— Imiiii m—MH n <T»»nii"'T*liiin^iTni||_,|»iiHi|,rfT
JAMBS McGINN, j
Formerly with McGinn Bros;, has opened I
new Funeral - Parlors at '214 -Eddy st. bet B
Taylor, and' Jones., Telephone South B76. - . J
Kings County, Ireland; aced 53 • years 1
month and 22 days. ;-..■.-:. ..--'• "
tu^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the , funeral Monday^
December 30, at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,- o87 - California avenue, corner Gort*>
land avenue, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
• brated commencing at 9:30 o'clock.^ Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery. •
HUMPHREYS— In Oakland, December 27,
lOOl, Captain Leah, bsloved daughter of Jo-
seph and Mrs. K. M. Humphreys, and sister
-of Mrs. May K. Brown, William, Joseph,
Nathaniel .and Cora- Pearl Humphreys, a na-
tive of Chicago, 111., aged 2S years 3 months
and 26 days.
JONES— In- Berkeley; December 27, 1001, Wil-
liam L., beloved husband of Helen M. Jones,
and father, of Kdith H." Jones, a native of
Liverpool, . England, aged 51 years 4 months
and 27 days. > . i ■ . • . . .
KREUZER— In San Jose. December 26, 1901,
' Relic, beloved wife of John Kreuzer, mother
of Alvlna and Ida Kreuzer, and sister of
Mrs. C. Anderegg, a native of Oberwald.
Car. ten Wallis, Schweiz, ag-ed 23 years and
2 days.
E7"Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
l fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
I (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh o.nd Eighth, I thence to St.
Anthony's Church, Army and Folsom streets,
for services at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy.
Cress .Cemetery. - . • ., . -.
LYNCH — In \ this city, - December ! 20, 1901,
Louis Lynch (Lencioni), dearly beloved hus-
band of..,Tessie, and father of Willie Lynch,
a native. of Italy, aged 27 years. . t '■•
• E_r Friends and acquaintances are n-espect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow* (Sunday), at 1 .o'clock, ■ at the
parlors of Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
' ton street. Interment New Italian Cemetery.,
UcNULTT- In this city, December 27, 1901,
Mabel Frances, infant daughter of William
H. and Martha McNulty, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months.
(C^Interment private. . • ■■_•:■
MOROSCO — At his residence,- Geranium Place,
Fruitvale, ' December 25, 1901, Walter Mel-
ville? Bishop (Morcscp). dearly beloved father
of Harry W. Bishop (Morosco), and devoted
grandfather of Elsie Melville and- King Les-
ter Bishoo (Morosco), a native of ■ Connecti-
cut, aged 52 years S months and 22 days. :
C?"Friends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday afternoon, December 29, at 2:30
o'clock, at the Fruitvale Congregational
Chapel, corner Fruitvale avenue and East
Sixteenth street, Fruitvale. Interment Moun-
. tain View Cemetery*
OFFERMAN— In this city, December 20, 1901,
Johannes Ofterman, beloved brother of Mrs.
J. Pope and twin brother of Claus Offerman,
a native of Germany, aged 22 years and 24
days. A. member of Eureka Lodge No. 0,
O. d. H. S. :
tETVFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
' H. P. Peteissn. 22S McAllister street, where
funeral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Eureka Lodge No. 0. O. d. H: S. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric
funeral car leavinjr Fourteenth and- Mission
streets at 1 :45 o'clock.
ONKEN— In this city,' December 25, 1901, Wil-
liam J.j beloved husbahd of Emma Onken. a
native of Germany, aged 61 years 10 month.!
and 3 days.
C?"Friends and acouaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall, South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodere No. 212,
F.and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-.
tery. • Remains at the parlors of Halsted &
Co;, 1546 Mission street.
PRYAL— In this city, December 25, 1901, Ella
G. Pryal of Claremont, Oakland, daughter of
[ A. D. and the late Mary A. Pryal, and , sis-
ter of William A., James A., Charles L.,
Mary and Elizabeth Pryal.
to-day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock, j
• from the undertaking parlors of Carew & \
English, 29 V-an Ness avenue, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, -where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment -St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creek boat.
Lo! Death to her brought most auspicious life.
And triumphs of the soul which shall not
cease; ... .-
Took from her brow the thorns of pain and
strife
And crowned her with the diadems of peace!
For In the" holy dawn when all the stars ■
Sang of the Miracle. of Bethlehem, way
Her patient spirit flew across the bars
And spent with Christ himself the Christ-
,mas day. — C. A. D.
QUARG— In this city, December 26, 1901, Emil
Oscar Quarff, beloved husband of Mary
Quarg, father of Richard, Kmll. William ami
Herman Quarg, and brother of Richard
Quarg and Mrs. Zelinda Zeidier, a native of
Leipzig, Germany, aged 53 years 7 months
and 25 days.
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his 'late 'resi-
dence, 967 ■ Oak street. Cremation at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery at 2 o'clock.
ROSSETER — In Valparaiso, Chile, December
27, 1901, Arthur Leo, son of Winifred E. and
the late John H. Rosseter, a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years and 4 days.
SALZ— In this city, December 27, 1901, .Rach-
ael, beloved wife of Jacob Salz, mother of
Mrs. David Hirschler, Mrs. M. A. Wert-
heim'er and Amy, • Ansley, Joseph and How-
ard Salz, and sister of Charles Hart, David
M. Hart, Mrs. D. S. Rosenbaum and Mrs.
N. B. Greensfelder, a native of Indiana,
aged 52 years 7 months and 28 days.
C3" Friend 3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2123 Broadwav. Interment at Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 10:40 o'clock.
STEINWIG — In this city, December 26, 1901,
Carl StelnwieT beloved brother of Laurence
and Martin Steinwiff, a native of Germany,
aged 45 years. • .
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TREADWAY — Drowned in wreck . between the
steamers Sauaalito and San Rafael ' on No-
vember 30, 1901, George T., beloved husband
of Clara Treadway, a native of Port Henry,
Essex County, New York, aged 57 years.
(New. York and Nebraska papers please
copy.)
__? Services, will- be held to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co./ 1137 -Mission street, between i
Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. |
Cemetery. . ' i
VOLLANDT— In this city, December-27. 1001.
Johanna Vollandt, dearly beloved wife of
Fred Vollandt, and beloved mother of Mrs.
\ L. Beauchamp and Anna and Gustave Vol-
landt. a native of Germany, aged'54 years 1
month, and 14 days.
WALTJEN — In this city, December 25, 1901,
Delia, wife of the late 'John Henry Waltjen,
and mother of Ruth and Margurette Walt-
jen, and daughter of Patrick and the late
Bridget Mullen, and niece of Hanora Mul-
len, a native of Boston, Mass., aged - 29
years. ' ' , ■ :
C_?-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited r to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■
WICKBURG— In this city, December 26, 1901,
Captain S. 'F. "Wickburg, a native of Sweden,
aged 55 years.
WOODSIDE— In this city, December 2G, 1901,
Matty, beloved wife of R. C. Woodside,
mother of Josie Woodside, and sister of Lil-
lian Lavilland, a native o£. San Francisco,
aered 24 years.
Sfianahan FJorisf Co.
/ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . \ .
107 POWELL ST.ncarELLIS S 5050
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
iOUSE. .
G H-.B Wright, Redlds
L II Dewey, Yreka
O B Wergeland, w &
dau, Truckee
L M Donnellln, Nev
G J Naeh, Chicago
T E Gayne, Nev City
W L. Paddon, "Victoria
T C Talt, Victoria
Mrs T C Tait, Victoria
P H Noonan, S Rosa
W CassJe, Nome '
J D Treath, Teller ' -
W H Winter. Teller
C R Dickinson, Chgo
S D McKesson, Uklah
Dr F K Munday & w,
Seattle
W M Oakey. Ogden '
E W Herrln, Cal
W Siller. NY
J W Keller," N Y
SRN HOTEL.
M-'Matheson & w, Cal
B R Dunn, Denver
-D Harlan. Reno
: A D Black, Reno
J R Lock, Fresno
G V Graven, Chlco
L Crandall, Chlco
J H Hays, Sacto
J Slniglanl, Lundy
B I Harris & w, Chgo
J A Myers, Va
' . • • RUSS 3
J Newland, Cloverdale
RA Craig, Pa
J E Nash & son, Chgo
J Plearson, w & ch,
Washington
L H Stephens,' Oaklnd
K Brlggs, Danville
E A Philbrook, Cal
G Harrison, Napa
G Harman, Napa
D Drew, Los Angeles
C E , Black, Los Ang
A E Webber, Oakland
C \V Jones. Oakland .
G L Dexter, Stockton
Miss K E Dexter, Cal
W W Webb, S Diego
W H Tynes & w, Seatl
J A Fairchild. Yreka
G i Durand, ' Yreka
O N Anderson, Oaklnd
H C Richart, Sacto *
' NEW WEST!
M S Bledboe, N Orlns
W W Harris. Indiana
P Dewaide. Kansas
D Cofer, Redding
A T Cofer, S Rosa
T Purcell, Napa
T Kennedy. Gold Run
J Comber & w, Merced
T F McAnany, Mo
C Pucclnelli, Stockton
J P Peterson. Chicago
Alleged Impostor at Work.
During. the last two or three days many
offices in the business section have been
visited by a woman, accompanied by
three ragged and dirty children, -who tells
a story of continued misfortunes and asks
for financial assistance. She j gives her
address as '305 Second street, ..but as there
is no such number it is presumed by
those who have made contributions that
they have been victimized. .
Capitol Mills to Bo Sold.
Charles S. • Laumeister, Railroad Com
missioner and proprietor of the flour "and
feed mills bearing his name, has com
pleted negotiations,' for the purchase of
the Capitol mills, owned by the Deming-
Palmer Milling Company. A majority of
the stock In the latter company has been
ECld for a price said to be close to $300,000.
EXCITING CHASE
ACROSS COUNTRY
Duped Italian Follows
. False F'riend .Intent
.: . on Murder;'^? .
Fugitive Runs ; into Airms of
Detective and^Beg^for
■ ; ■'■ ProtectrqiiLr *
CHICAGO, Dec; x27.— Arigelo ■'; Scalfia,
closely pursued ;by Antonio SegniO, rushed
into the arms of two. detective? In this
city and begged" for,~pr.oteetftrn.~' It was
the sensational termination ofr'a^OOO-mlle
man-hunt, in which- Scajfia^has- been fol
lowed for three' Moniisrajid/Jj^d visited
the principal . cities of the' Eastern States.
Both, men- were -taken-* to* the* Harrison
street station, . where' Segiiio -tdld . a re
markable story." ..Three;- 'months" ago he
said Scalfla was arrested.~ln : .t:hei Indian
Territory on the charge- of illegally sell
ing whisky. After "spending a month in
jail he aptiealed to Seghio, a.-' friend and
business man .of South' McAlester, and
upon .assurance- by Scalfia-. that T.the firm
he represented. would: protect.. him Segnio
mortgaged all' his property -and furnished
$4000 bonds to secure the release of. his
friend. ■■' Upon being "released -Sealfla im
mediately disappear ed.-',»x DGG
The chase, began and Scalfia vwas fol
lowed from . place ltd ,. place -until; finally
tiring of the terrible strainV^he" applied to
the Chicago 'detectives? '■"— ™- -fr.
When taken in charge SegniO' held a re
volver in his hand and,\,.nqtwithstanding
the fact that if Scalfla is returned to In
dian Territory within five' days his bond
will be saved, Segnio declared' his real ob
ject in pursuing Scalfia was revenge.
"I started to kill- him,* followed* him for
thousands of miles and then' at the last
moment he escapes," he said. "It is
hard; I would hot have it' so." ■-■- '
■ Scalfia admits his identity and apepars
anxious to be surrendered to the United
States authorities to escape a worse fate.
Convict Walks Fronr Prison.
LBAVENWOBTH, K3.hsV,,, r 'l)ec. 27.—
Levi Saunders, a convict at the Federal
prison, escaped this afternoon/ He was
a teamster, and at about 3 o'clock put up
his team at the prison and walked away.
Saunders was sent up from Arkansas for
a violation of the postal laws. -'He had
four months left to serve. ;--,
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. : 27.-S.Jdhn G. A.
Lelshman, United - States Minister to Turkey,
who has been visitinp- the United States on
leave of absence, is expected to arrive here on
his return to-morrow. wi - . . -
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
MINING STOCKS. ,
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. . ■<■
100 Best & Bel.. 19 300 Ophlr .:..... 05
700 Best & Bel.. 20 400 Ophlr ... 96
500 Caledonia ...- 25 600 Overman .... 10
200 Challenge ... 15 C00 Potosi ........ 05
100 Chollar .. 05 500 Savage- 04
700 Chollar 06 1500 Savage 05
400 C C & Va. .-.. .1 70 .500 Sierra. Nev... 30
100 Confidence ... 66 100 Sierra Nev... 28
2400 Gould & Cur. 10 100 Sierra Nev. .. 27
2000 Gould & Cur. .11 100 Union ; Con. .. 26
6000 Gould & Cur. 12 700 Union Con... 25
500 Hale & Nor.. 10 200 Union Con... "M
400 Mexican"...".. 75 100 Yel Jacket... 10
300 Mexican..... 79
Afternoon^ Session". " " ■"
100 Best & Bel.. 18 "lfJOrOphlrv. ......' 80
200 Chollar,. ..... 05 300 Overman 10
100 C C & Va. . . .1- «5 " 500- Savage . . 05
100 C C & Va 1 70 200 Sierra Nev>.. 23
200 Crown Point. 03 700 Silver Hill... 37
200 Gould & Cur. 10 900 Union Con....' -24
2500 Mexican 72 500 Utah ........ 06
The following were the sales in the Paclflo
Stock Board yesterday: ". .- ..
Morning- Session. *
500 Alpha ... 021 650 Overman 10
500 Andes 02 "250- Overman Ott
300 Best & Bel.. 17 500 Potosi 04
900 Best & Bel.. 20 500 Potosi ....... 05
500 Bullion 03 1000 Savage 0G
300 Caledonia ... 2« 2500 Savage 05
200 Challenge ... 15 400 Sierra Nev... 27
500 Chollar 00 1100 Sierra Nev... 28
100 Chollar 05 COO Sierra Nev... -25
S00 Mexican 70 BOO Sierra-: Nev... 23
400 Mexican .....'71 700 Union 'Con.^.. 21
300 Mexican 7S 200 Union Con... 22
200 Mexican 72 200 Union Con... 24
'500 Occidental ... 05 300 Union Con... 25
400 Ophlr 02 300 Union Con. .. 26
200 Ophir ......... 93 500 Union Con... 23
200 O^ihlr 91
Afternoon Session."--' ■ '
*500 Andes . : 02 100" Mexican ....'. 81
800 Best &.. Bel.. 18 100 Ophlr. 90
300 Best & Bel... 10 . 300 ..SavageT 05
2C0 Challenge ... 1(3 000 Sierra Nev. . . 24
300 Challenge "... vl5 20OSierra" Nev. . . 20
200 Confidence '. . ; " <S5 .,950". Union Con. . . 24
500 Gould & Cur. ; 10 t BteUnionTCon. . . 23
S00 Mexican 72l 200 Union <3on. .. 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS^- •
■ - FRIDAy>iec--."_7r^4 p. m.
. Bld.Ask, I^^j':.;, . Bid. Ask.
Alpha ........—-: 02 Justice \'.:i 06 07
Alta ...-.;' .04 7 05 Kentuclc '„';:.:'. 02
Andes .....:'. 01 02 l«d__* < W___i_.'' 01 —
Belcher •»• J6 Mexjcan 79 80
Best'&.-'Bei;.\."18'.i'_20.OccldOTtai..i.<." 04 05
Bullion ...... 02 03 Ophfr -......". 95 97
Caledonia ..'. -2« n- 27 Overman"!. a .09 11
Challenge ..". 15 . ;46 P-atosii . —f. r ;S ; 04 05
Chollar ..04 ,,;06 SavagrB-.-rvrrv 05 00
Confidence .':.'• 63 -•• 70 Scorpion ';.t: .-. ■ - - — ' O4
C C & .Va.'. . .1 65_T 70 Se^_Belcher. .: 02 03
Con ■ImperlaI.'^*^" t^T>2' SlerraTTTev.vV 25 26
Con N Y.:..r -01 » '-*- Sfrver "Hill.":.! 37 3i*
Crown Point. 02 ■• 04 St Louis.. . ;.; . — 04
Eureka Con;'"" 20 "— ' Standard '.?£ IS 40 3 50
Exchequer :'..•'— '-r- '02 SyndtcatS _:'.'. ' — " 06
Gould & Cur. 11 "12 Union C6n.:\ 27 29
Hale & Nor.. 18~=-'20 Utah ..; ; ? ?. ". . . 06 • 07
Julia ■■.■■...'■ ? 'fi- '01 Tel-'Jack^.". 1 ?.. 10 11
ocean ;TRAyE^ : ::^ ;
STEAMERS "Wlljti LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First ami Brannan. streets, at 1 p.m..
for YOKOHAMA and ;HONQKQNG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki' and Shans'nal and
connecting at Hongkong with ■ steamers for
India, etc. No "cargo- received -on "board on
day of sailing. :.' ; .".-"r fi .:i~x : . :->
SS. AMERIQA MARU.-.-:...v...rrr::;.....--
..Saturday, January 4th, 1902
SS. HONGKONG JIARU..',.;.,.;.;;,
Thursday, January 30th, 1902
ss. Nippon maru.. ....;........::.....
...;....... . .Tuesday, February 25th, 1902
Round-trip tickets-, at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.' ' ■'.
W. H. AVERT., General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE. .
NEW YORE. SpnTHAMPTON, ; tONDQH,
Stopping" at Cherbourg, westbound. -
From • New York "Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Zeeland .Jan. 8 St. Paul Jan. 20
St. Louis .. Jan. 15 St. Louisa :V,... Feb. 5
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22 Philadelphia -..Feb. 12
RED STAR LINE;; "
New York and Antwerp.
- From New York- Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Zeeland ...Jan. 8 Vaderland .....Jan. 29
Friesland ....'. .Jan. 15 Kensington ....Feb. f.
Southwark . ...Jan. 22 Zeeland :...'... Feb. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION- CO.,
. - CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sad Americana tie Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping, at Mexican, : Central
and South American ports. Sailing- from How-
ard 8, pier 10, 12 m: .. . • . . - :r -. . -
SANTIAGO.' . . . . Jan. , 8! PERU >. : l . ?.'. .". . ......
LOA .................. I
These steamers "are* built- expressly for Cen-
tral -and South - American -passenger, service.
(No change at Acapulcdjor Panama/) Freight
1 and passenger offlce, 310 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
rAliAlfsA Hi Hi line
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA -OIREGf.
' Cabin, $105; Steerage, -{40-.- Meals Free. ■-.
6. S. Apfiyll .. fails Tuesday, '.Jan. 21
S. S. Leelanaw eails Monday,,. Feb. 3
tt. S. Argyll . «ai!n Monday.- F A^ar. 3
From Howard-street wharIiat;.JJ*p.Vm.'V'L;
Freight and Fassenser '. Offlce. 320 Market st.
i ■?, ■<.?■ ; F. F. CONNOR,. Pacific Co'aist Agent.
1 ■ : ............ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"llMllfK^ECIJRITY,
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS musl
bear signature of /&*~?g&z™£
- - Tery small and as easy
0, to take as sugar.
ore I A a rvrrrtf* I F0R HEADACHE. QVU .
bLh CARTERS FORDIZZIKESS.
PSlTTLC FOR BILIOUSMESS.
GENUINE ¥ vfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
m PILLS FOR CONSTiPATlQK.
WRAPPPR mIIm for sallow skih. WRAPPER
WHAFFLH { m^m IroR thecomplexjoh n^ rri:i1
"PRINTED .OIT REID PAPER."
OCEAN TBAVEL.'
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• . Steamers leave Broadway
HBkfc^" Wharf, , San Francisco :
k8*S__(__ For Alaskan ports — 11 a.
■ Ig^p^te^. m -. Dec - 22. 27 > Jan - 1 -
i ISrltSKJilP^ Change to company's steam-
l*k^a «&! ers at Seattle.
K^SL^l ' For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
j* 5 W2^S^£p*! C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett and New
"'"•14 "Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
Dec. 2, 7, 12, tl, 22, 27, Jan. 1. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamer's for Alaska
and G N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
Dec. 3, 8, 13, IS, 23. 28. Jan. 2. _
For San Diego, stopping only at -Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal., Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los An_eles. calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harf or .«.
(San Luis Obispo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Fednj
and Newoort— Steamer Corona. Saturdays, 9
■ ' For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., .th of each
For further Information obtain the com-
panv's folders. _
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing:
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Monteomery
street (Palace Hctel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Oen. Atjents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
SPBC1AL
Excurslon Rates
— TO
Ports in Mexico.
A delightful Winter Trip. Only $60. includ-
ing Meals and Berth. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Steamer Curacao, sailing from Sar.
Francisco January 7th, due back January 27th.
will call at the following Mexican ports: En-
senada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del Cabo,
Mazatjan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia and
Guaymas.
~For further particulars ' inquire at Ticket
Offlce, No. 4 New Montgomery St., or No. 10
Market St.. San Francisco. ■
O. Rl & N. CO,
Only Sten— aslilp Iiins to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. ! Through Tickets to all
point«, all mil or steamship and rail, at
IjO-WEST 3E___. 1 _?_2S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTBand MEAM.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .Dec. 24, Jan. 3, 13 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER .. ...;..-.
Sails Dec. 29, Jan. 8. 13, 2S
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
: D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Montg'y.S.F.
ftrf»_&-inl_> <_ f_ _ P A " Aw *"' aAU0 *' " rA
8ceenic&».io, asafjss
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.Jan. 4, '02, 10 a, m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
.' Saturday, Jan. 4. "02 2pm
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auck-
land and Sydney... Thurs., Jan. 16, 10 a. m
J. D.SPHECXELS _ BROS. CO., Gaum* Agents. 327 Harkei St
Sen'! Passsngsr Oifict, 643 Harkst St., Pur lo. 7. Pacific St
C0MPASNI3 GENERAL- TSAHBATLAHTIQ.l
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ______
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot 5f?_ffV__>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier _2,>»hs8S»
North River, foot of Morton street. ■
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. - GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson- tmlldln_), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. ,
BAY AND B-IVER STEAMEHS.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
-9:45 a. rn., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo . 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, "6 p.m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a.m., 4:15 p.m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
offlce. pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
'*' Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•' Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 P
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 3:12p 3:27 p 8:05a i
•■ Visalla.. 3:39 p 6:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a .......
•• Kan. City ....... 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. ..=..-... 2:15 p 8:00 p
a for morning-, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train is the California. Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding: train arrives at 7:03 a. m.
dally.
4-20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Expreso. with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, -which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. • "
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferfy
Depot. San Francisco: : 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. |
R 1 il PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saus-llte F«rry.
Commencing September _S». 1»OL. ; .' -.
FROil BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK r>ATS-^(i:56. 8:30, • 1 J:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1-45 3:16, 4:15, 5:15. »<i:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For ' Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesday* and Satur-
days at 0:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S: OO. »10:0O, «lt:30 a. m.. -1:13
3-15 *4:45, C:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— •3:2,5; 6:27, 7:45, 8:35. 10:13
_.m. -12:25. 2:15. '3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, AVedne»dai_
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p.m. ■
• SUNDAYS-C:15. •S:00.n0:00. •11:45 a. m..
»_._0 «;j:ir>, 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
AVEEK DAYS— 5:4.>. C:45. 7:53. S:55. 10;_0
a m.. 1_:35._:45. 3:50. C:lo p. m. .
EXTRA TP.IPS on Mondays. Wedneadav,
and Saturdays at « :10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:li
3:30 5:00. «:45 p. m. . • ,?
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. - , .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. 1 1
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
-Sunday time. -
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
NAN VltAlMlSIM-'O. _ .
• (Main Line. Foot of Market Street) ■*
LBAT* — From Dscember 6, 1301. — arrit*
?i«Oa Benicia, SuUun, Elmira and Sacra-
mento 6:33*
TiOOa V»oa»illo, Wlnt<!iB.'Bumsey ?:35r
~:3oa Martinez. Sau lUmoa. Vallejo, N»;k,
Cftllstoga ami Saute Rosa «:23»
»:O«a DarU, Woodland. Kalgttta Landing.
MarjiTilla, OroiUle. 7>S3p
8:00a Atlantic Kxpress-Ogden and East *:X5*
SsOOa Nilea, Lathrop, Stockton 7:33|>
SiOOANiles, Mendota. Hanford. Visalla,
. PorterrUIe 4:53»
. SiSOa Shaata Kiorww— Darin, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). * Willows. Red
Bluff. Portlaui 7iS»s>
SiBOa Sa» Jose. Llverraore, Stockton,
lone, Sacrameuto, Flaeeriille,
Mariiitlllft. Chlco. ISett lilufT 4>23r
HiSoa Onkdale, Chinese, Sonnra. Tuohunna ' 4:S9p
»:»»* Hajwartl. Niks and Way Stations.. 1 IsM*
BiOOa Vallejo 13:23?
•iOOa Los - Angeles Kxpress — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop. Htocbtoo, Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles 7«3S*
9>»«A Valli-J.i. Martinez and War Btatlona ?:B3p
IOiOOa Th.i OverlaiKi. Limited— Ogdesi. Den-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago 5i23»
|l:OOr Sacramouto Hirer ftLenmnrs tlliOO*
Siottp lleuicia. Winters, Hacramento,
Woorilamt. Knixltts Landing.
• - M»ryarille. Or»r!ll« IO:S3_
StSOr Hajward. Nlles aud Way Stations.. 7:33r
4t<»«p Martinez, Hau lUimm. Vallejo,
Nairn, i;«llnl-.i) K a. Hanta llnsa Wi33r
4»00* Nile*. Llrennoie, Stockton. Lodi... ISiitSr
■i.Jlttr Haywird. iNIle», Man .lout,, Livf rmoro tS=»**
4:3»rThu Owl Limited — Fiegno, Tulnre.
Bakerafialtl. Sang-tis for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles Si33*
S:»Op Fort Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton I «:*3_
SsOOrMartin'z. Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced,Frerao 18i23»
0:«Op Hajnaru. NilesandSan Joss 7i334
t«:0Op Vallejo ; 11:834
•>OOr Oriental Mail— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago 4:23_
7iOOr Oregon and California Kxiirew.Hao.
mnimilo, Marynritlfi, Kmlillnsj,
• l\irtlnnd, l*iiK«t .loiii.d ami Kast 9:334
•t«!5rSan Pablo, Port Coats. Murtine*
ai><1 Way Stations.......... 11:23a
t»H>*r V»ll.l< ?»3a>
COAST LINE (Sarrow Uan**).
(Foot of Market Street.)
sUI!» A Newark. «J«iit»>rrllle.Hau Jose, Kilton,
Konlder Cn-ek.Hanta Cruz and Way
Ntatlniia »«3«f>
fStlSr Newark, Cenlerrlllo. San Jr.se, Nnw
AintailAi), G'ultou, ISnnUler Creek.
Santa Crux ami 1'riuclpa' Way
Stations !«♦<»«»*
4sl5r Newark, «an .Jose. I.nn Gatns ftiSOa.
al».:t»p Huotera' Train— San Jose and Way
Stations tT.3O>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from £11 /RASCILCO— yaoi of JIarket Street (Slip 8)—
t/:15 9:00 11;00*.M. 1:03 3:03 S:15r.M.
frtmCilUSD— ro.l «' Btaiiwar.— 1»:«:0 til:00 t3;0i
10:00 KM. 13.00 a.S3 «:CQr.M.
COAST LINE (Krna.l Uitngf).
CnilrJnhilTowiweiitiatn.)
«:I»A Hau JuKeaud Way htatioua. «Ti3a
7:00^ S»n J.iRom.il \V,.y Stalions tS:OUS>
/7:»«A New 'Altra.len / -1:109
S:OOa Coast Line- limited — Han .To»e.
Giin y. Maliuas, San Luis Obispo.
f-antn Barbara, I iw Angeles and
rrincipal intermediate stations 1 0:430
BiOOa H»ii .I.i»<>. Ties I'ii.os*. .s.uitu I'm.-, •. ;
Txrifir UntK falinss Han Luh
. - Obispo ami Frlncijial lutormedi«te
Ktnt.ii. MB i:lO»
1O:»Oa 3aa Jew ami Way Stations.......... *:'i«4
llt3»A Man Jose and Way Station* !>. £0*
i!t:-iap San Matro. Kmlwno'l, Sl.-nio Park.
Valo Alto. Santa Clara, Kun June.
Tn» Piiio*. s»iit.» Cruz. .Salinas.
Monterey »i»l I'xcilie <in.Te IIO^SA
3:M|- Nan JiiSKKiid Vr'oy Suli !>:»«»#
♦ 4:l5l' San ,7o»f ami i'rii nral Wnr Stations 3>30f
4t30p Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednw-
(Uj-3, fri(J»yi». for tot Angelps, El
Pa»o New Orleans aftd New York.
>iriT«fi Sundays. Tuesdajs and
Thursday); lOtlSA
tStOOrSan .lose, Ix>s Gates aud Principal
Way Stations f»:O«A
SiSOr San Jose mnl rrincipal War Stations' 6:»O»
«i:i»rf>an Jos»*ii.i U'«r. Stations 7>3O9
7:0Op New Orleans Exprons — Han Lnb
Obiapo. Santa B»rhar,i, Ix>s An-
eeles. D'infng. El Paso. New Or-
leans and K*se 7:n«4i
all:45p San .lose »n.l Way .Stations..., ?i.1Oy
• A for Moniine 1' for A fternoon.
' tHnmlar fxcented. 1 f»nnd»r only.
_ a Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Friday.,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Sbti Francisco to San Rafasl.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »=«>. U:<» a. m.; 12:83.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. m. Thursdays— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Kxtra trlsa at
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:3%
6:00. 0:20 p. m.
San Rafaa! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:00. 9:2O. 11:10 a. m.;
12:43. 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:05 and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:10, 3:tO»
6:05. 6:25 p. m. •
Leave I In Effect I Arrir*
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ' I Sun- | Wwlt
Days. I days. | Destination [ days. | Days. ,
7:30am 6:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40aiai
8:30pm 9:30am Fetaluma. 6:05pm lf:25ana
6:10pm 5:00pm Santa Roaa. 7:35pm 0;2Opn>
Fulton.
7:30am *Windsor. 10:2S*na
5:00pm Healdsburs, 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland. 10:40am 10:25am
3 :30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7. :35pm 6:20pm
7:30am ' 10:40am 10:25am
8 :00am Guerneville. T :35pm
8:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pra
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
8:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8 :00am I |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 6:C0pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pn:
Stag-es connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; ax.
Geyaervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdals
lor the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake port and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter j
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno. 1'otter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Herley's, BuckneU's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg-. West-
port. Usal, Willita, Laytonvtlle. Cummina,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at re.
duced rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to nil points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
building./ -
H. C. •WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Age
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
L^avc Via Saasalito Ferry . Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
WeA Sun- __,_,_,.•,____.,.,..„,. Sun- Week
Pays- J?^. at ft. -ra^T/L-r 3 - Pay 3 :
9-30 A. 8:00a. „,___, lnra rt T _o 1.00 p. \rA5 A.
1:45 p. 10:00 a. _V^_=^-,_r^*b>« jtfH p. 3:W P.
4:15 r. 11:30*. ' -„_!_._„.. -lrij p. 5:55 p.
F»n. S«n rtmaclw-o to Summtt ul R»him. SI («.
Tlcict OQco. «SU UA&1LST ST5XS1 uA SAC&1UT0 FZ&SZ.
/ r^%. Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jsh+GsJta 62O I5EARS-ST ST. .Established
5 TO»]Vlii'lJ>34 for the treatmt-nt «>f l'riv»t»
PM /Sv.-dftVJf Diseases, Lfwt Manncod. Debility or
jpcuw__^^ r< iM-aso n-earlngon body ant» niiiirt and
•_Sffi_Sas^el slcln Dlsenscs. The Doctorcures when
JS^sPj$dothers tnl\. Try him. ehiuges low.
i>_i__E__?is_iii«'nroi» c&nr:inlrril. Callorwrlt»
Dr. JT. X*. AIOBOSi. Usa Vranciaco. CpO. _
1314
CASUALS KEPT
WITHIN LINES
Sentinels on Guard and
Patrol Rides the
Streets.
Colonel Rawles Takes Ex
treme Precautions at
the Presidio.
The military authorities were fully
awake yesterday to the danger of further
rioting and attacks upon some of the sa
loons outside the Presidio gates and pre
cautions wore taken that made hostile
demonstrations practically Impossible, no
matter what the temper of the "casuals"
who have been causing the trouble.
Extra srucrds were thrown around the
three camps in which the 2500 "casuals"
are quartered, and Major Lockwood, the
commanding officer of those detachments,
took every precaution to keep the men
within the lines, both during th,e day and
at night.
Colonel Rawles ordered the patrol dou
bled and the men called in from the out
posts at night and kept in the district
adjacent to the scene of the recent dis
turbances. In consequence twenty-five
mounted men and as many foot soldiers
were under arms and within reach in case
<jf trouble. In addition, Colonel • Rawles
had forty light artillerymen ready to rush
to the front if word should be sent of im
pending trouble.
Lieutenant Edwards, the officer of the
day, stationed two sentinels in front of
Tarpey's saloon as soon as it began to
grow dark ar.d three other guards were
placed to patro! -Greenwich and Baker
sptreets. Lieuttnant Edwards himself
stayed on the ground to take command
if trouble should develop.
Tarpey's saloon remained closed during
the day. Its broken windows and those
of the "Canteen," Raphael's saloon, were
mute witnesses to the rage of the mob
that made the Thursday night attack.
The police r.ow believe that the de
structive work was done mainly by two
men. Sergeant Campbell and an officer
were at the Presidio yesterday afternoon
trying to secure the identification of the
guilty men.
JUDGE WITHHOLDS SENTENCE.
Pesires to Confer With Lieutenant
Before Surrendering Rioters.
The thirteen soldiers who took part in
the riot Wednesday night at Tarpey's sa
loon on Baker street and were convicted
l>y Judge Conlan Thursday on the charge
of disturbing the peace are still In the
Oty Prison awaiting further develop
ments.
Yesterday morcicg a sergeant with a
provost guard called upon Chief Wittman
•witii a letter from Lieutenant Charles E.
ivilbourne Jr. of the Fourteenth Infantry,
acting detachment adjutant, .asking him
to hand over the thirteen men to the
ptara and they -would be tried by court
martial. The Chief referred the note to
fht- Judg-e. who later had a consultation
wSiSi the < ':ief. It was decided, in view
of the riot Thursday nlgnt, not to hand
over the men to the military authorities
•until some definite understanding could
be arrived at regarding a cessation of the
riot:rg.
When the men were brought into court
lor sentence the Judge said:
- I have concluded that the defendants formed
part of the rioters and feel I did right in con
victing them. A more serious charge should
have been placed asainst them, as I understand
there was a repetition of the rioting last night
and it must be stopped. The punishment of
twenty-four hours in the guardhouse at the
Fresldio is inadequate and it must be more
severe. People in that vicinity, are entitled to
protection of their lives and property and to
live in peace and quiet, and I will lend my
assistance in doing it.
After last night's riot I have consulted with
the Chief of Police and suggested that the
men should be charged with rioting- instead of
disturbing the i>eace. 'which is absurd in the
circumstances. Usually I do not care to in
terfere with the military authorities, but it
would seem that soldiers have no fear of the
punishment inflicted upon them and It does not
act as a deterrent. These men think they can
get filled, up with liquor, commit any depreda
tion they like acd go back to the Presidio and
get off with twenty-four hours in the guard
house. There ought to be a much more severe
sentence, and unless the defendants are going
to the Philippines at once I shall give them
as long a sentence as the law allows. They
must be made to understand that they cannot
Emash up people's property with impunity.
Addressing himself to the sergeant in
charge of the guard, the Judge said: ' .
I will take this matter under consideration
until to-morrow, and I want you to present
my compliments to Lieutenant Kilbourne and
atk h!m to be in this court to-morrow morn
ing, when the Ch!»f of Police will be here.
»nd *ve can consider what is best to bz done.
The cases will be continued until to-morrow.
Michael McGrath. a soldier, appeared
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday. He was
in front of Tarpey's saloon Thursday aft
ernoon in a half-drunken condition and
boisterous and making threats as to
what he would do to the "cops." Police
man Rooker was notified that McGrath
was using language calculated to incite
a riot and he remonstrated with him and
advised him to go to camp. McGrath
used the foulest language to the officer
and wants I to flgh; him. He was arrest
ed after a struggle for disturbing the
peace. He tcid the Judge yesterday that
he was booked to go to the Philippines in
fifteen days, and the Judge sentenced him
to spend that time In jail.
Clerks Are Contract Laborers.
F. H. Larned, acting Commissioner of
Immigration, notified United States Im
migrant Commissioner Xorth vesterdav
that he had dismissed the appeal of Wil
liam C. Goodger and ordered Goodger's
deportation to Australia, whence he
came. Goodger is a clerk. 28 years old,
and, according to his own statement,
came to this country to take the position
of assistant auditor of Adams' Express
Company 'n Boston at a salary of $20 per
■week. The Commissioner holds that
Goodger is r contract laborer and there
fore not entitled to be landed.
'i INEW YEAR., If
I NEWBONNET, m:
I The "Florodora" in Black. It's the W
I? real thing; the smartest hat 1}
I i' s a, lia ppy . becomvng off iif to most evsry man. %
In our Bl$ Hat Dzpxrlm •«/, at ra
gsa cor. JKc<xrnY«-r-t. &*. Union «3*quai*e Aye, J»g
CREAMERY OPERATORS' CONVENTION
DISCUSSES TOPICS OF IMPORTANCE
Best Methods for Making Superior Butter Explained by
Experts, Who Urge Dairymen to Cultivate Habits of
Cleanliness and to Pay Strict Attention to Detail
TWO OFFICERS OF THE CALIFORNIA CREAMERY OPERATORS' ASSOCIATION ' AND SCENE DURING THE
CLOSING SESSION OF THE FIRST ANNUAL. CONVENTION OF THAT j BODY YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
WHEN SEVERAL INTERESTING ADDRESSES WERE MADE BY EXPERTS. i .'
THE first annual convention of the
California Creamery Operators'
Association came " to a close last
night after a two days' session,
in which many practical ideas of
value v.-ere advanced. The sessions of
yesterday were attended by a number of
representative business men, a.11 of whom
evinced great interest in the proceedings.
Interesting papers on subjects-pertain
ing to the butter-making industry pre
pared by experts were read during the
day. Resolutions were adopted calling
upon the Legislature to make a suitable
appropriation to the State .University to
enable the Regents to erect, equip ami
maintain a dairy school, and to purchase
a farm for the handling and care of farm
animals under competent instructors. The
passage of the Grout bill by Congress
was al^o demanded. • — - -- —
The election for officers resulted as fol
lows: . . ...
President. Henry F. Lyon of Alameda: vice
president. E. II. Zimmerman of Watsonville.
District vice uresidents — Georee Knox, Sacra-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1901.
mento; J. H. Severln, San ' Joaquin: J. A.
Howie, Comotonj H? A. Christenson; Hum-,
bold t. Secretary and " treasurer; . William • H.
Saylor. San Francisco; executive committee —
Fred HilmerrLerby Anderson, H.sB. Glazier.
The morning -was' opened with
an addressTonithe subject,*- '.'Care and Re
pair of Separators," by" E.B..Willey of
San Francisco, who- gave some, .valuable
suggestions. -Tlje- great —trouble .with
creamery operators was that they did not
take proper care of, the separators.- They
failed to keep .the separator on a level
and seemed to^ act on the theory that
separators are able to take care of them
selves. The separator, was. an important
adjunct of the dairyman's art, and its
proper care was an absolute necessity if
successful operations are looked for. ;
The various kinds of separators em
ployed in' California' creameries were then
discussed by the delegates. Some of these
were declared to be faulty in that they
did not skim properly. W. :H. Rdussel
said the item of repairs to separators was
calculated to fill most creamery men with
despair. This .is largely due to the lack
of care invkeeplng-the bearings clear of
gummy substances. The use of better oil
was urged as being an Important consid
eration. .'„'-_:. . :
Cleanliness in th.e Dairy.'
G. W. Kneib ot Portland, Or., discussed
the subject arsiength. He aTgued that
creamery men should study the mechan
ism carefully and know all Its parts.inti
mately. The; machine should be ... kept
scrupulously clean, yet In nine out of ten
creameries this ■; Important ' item is ig
nored. The. quality of butter largely do
pends upon the separator. . Above all,
cleanliness was imperative, as_thls_not
.only preserved the parts of the machine,
but improved the quality of butter pro
duced, and lessened the expense • for re
pairs, t . .' — '-' . •-/,. • ; . •'• - .
• E. H. Zimmerman of "Watsonville spokn
briefly on the subject of "Cleanliness in
the Creamery." He said cleanliness was
next to godliness, and that if- this law
were observed mueh better success •' to
creamery men would be assured.
W. M. Turner of Sierraville called at
tention to the importance of holding peri
odical butter contests In an address on
the subject, "Butter Contests as Educa
tors." He urged that one contest should
fce held every three months and that suit
able prizes should be offered to stimulate
the contestants to the best efforts.: The
educational advantages of such contests,
he said, are apparent. They should be
participated . In by creamery men I alone.
They would result in the production of a
superior article, thereby not only increas
ing the popular demand for the product,
but enhancing .Its market value. .,
In the discussion that followed the Idea
of butter contests was generally favored.
The or:ly difficulty, to be encountered was
the question of securing competent judges
to pass upon the merits .'of the .■produc
tions of the contestants. . "W. H." Roussel
said the tastes of "no two judges were
similar, so that their, scorings of the same
samples of .butter, would materially: dis
agree, --m:---;? ■_„* ..V .'-: ••■' -'..■■
Professor F. A. Leighton of Newhamp
ton. la., an on butter-making,
said it was not surprising that the same
churning o£ butter should. show different
degrees ,of scoring. - This | was often
caused by/the. failure of the operator to
distribute his salt property, so that one
part of the butter was properly seasoned
while another was not. In trarisporatlon
of butter to market one portion of- it
may be subjected to chemical changes by
being subjected to heat, while another
Doruon Is subjected to a different chemi-
cal change by being subjected to extreme
cold. .
Scoring of Butter Samples.
During" recess;a number of samples of
butter were scored by Professor Leighton,
who pronounced the California product
in no sense Inferior to that produced in
the East.. The samples were scored In ac
cordance with Eastern rules as to color,
flavor, salting, etc. That furnished by
Wallace M. Stevenson of San Geronlmo
scored 97% per cent. The sample of the
Lyon Jersey Creamery of Alameda scored
D7 per cent. This, according to Professor
Leighton, was a remarkable showing for
California butten ■
The principal address of the afternoon
session was by Dr. Archibald A. Ward
of the State- University on the subject,
"Bacteriology as Applied to Creamery,
Work." He explained at length the bac
teria which infest the milk and outlined
the best methods of providing pure milk.
Cleanliness in milking was urged as the
first consideration. Under the most fa
vorable circumstances milk is never ab
solutely free from, bacteria more or less
harmful to consumers, but when dust and
other Ingredients axe permitted to con
taminate it, the dangers from bacteria are
largely increased. Stables in which milk
ing is done should be clean and free from
filth. Water in ■ which cows ar© allowed
to / wade should always be flowing and
never, be stagnant. The greater percen
tage of bacteria in milk is communicated
by impurities falling therein during the
process of milking. Cleanliness in the care
of..utensils was also Imperative. In Den
mark the butter-makers invariably Pas
teurized their milk, thereby relieving it
of all. bacteria save that which is natur
ally introduced into It before being drawn
from the cow. The use of preservaline in
milk was strongly condemned by the
speaker as being harmful to the con
sumer.
J. E. ' Thorp spoke on the subject, "As
sisting Our Patrons to Make Their.Busi
ness Profitable," and George E. Peoples
followed with some pertinent remarks on
"Practical Self-Education of the Cream
ery Operator." C. F. Andrews of Point
Arena pointed out the conveniences re
quired in creamery, construction and
equipment. . , •
Samuel Martin of the firm of Martin,
Dangers. Camm & Co., informed the dele
gates that the produce merchants of San
Francisco would do all in their power to
assist the creamery men of California in
.making butter on scientific principles. He
hoped that a greater general interest
would be shown in the dairy school at
Berkeley. The speaker warmly indorsed
the appointment by the State of a dairy
inspector. *
Important Resolutions Adopted.
were made by Fred Helraer.
R; Sheldon, W. J. Langstaff, W. H. Rous
sel and W. H. McArthur. Professor Le
roy Anderson then submitted the report
of the committee on resolutions, which
was unanimously adopted. The principal
recommendations of the committee are
as follows: j
_ That, the members of this association uae
their utmost efforts to secure the passasre of
such laws by our State Legislature as will give
the State bureau authority and funds to carry
on the inspection of dairies > and creameries
. that is so much, needed to insure the produc
tion of pure and wholesome milk and prevent
the adulteration of milk and milk products.
' That we unre upon the next State Legisla
ture the necessity of making: sufficient special
appropriations to the University of California
to enable it to erect, equip and maintain a
dairy school of auch dimensions and dignity as
[ the needs and importance of the dairy indus-
BALLOT PAPER
CASE APPEALED
State. Secretary Curry's
' Exorbitant Charge •
Resisted.
Election Commission Will
Take Case to Supreme
Court. , - • .
The Board of Election Commissioners
directed City Attorney Lane yesterday to
appeal the suit of Secretary of State
Curry against the city and county of San
Francisco for payment of a bill for ballot
paper furnished at the election in 1899.
Payment on the bill was refused because
Curry charged at the rate of 12^2 cents
per pound, when, testimony was secured
that the paper was worth only &A cents
in open market.
Curry brought suit on behalf of the
State in the Sacramento Superior Court
for the recovery of the amount of the bill
at the 12^-cent ■ rate. Judgment was ren
dered in favor of the State for the full
amount claimed, but the case is by no
means ' settled.
The Election Commission, in ordering
an appeal to the Supreme, Court,' is of the
opinion that Curry charged this city an
exorbitant price for the ballot paper and
will leave no stone unturned to prove
that it is right in its contention. It was
the sense of the commission that if the
higher court should uphold the decision
of ■ the Superior Court, then the Legisla
ture will be appealed to. A petition will
be filed requesting that the Secretary of
State be compelled to invite competitive
bids in the purchase of ballot paper, so
that the lowest bidder will be awarded
the contract. In this manner a fair price
only will be exacted for the paper.
The Election Commission was supported
by the Board of Supervisors at the time
of its refusal to pay the high price
charged by the Secretary of State. An
exhaustive investigation was held, at
: which the testimony of paper merchants
was produced to show that the paper
was worth. 6^4 cents a pound instead of
12% cents. The board thereupon passed
an ordinance authorizing the payment of
the bill at the rate of 6*4 cents per pound.
This action was overruled by the Supe
rior Court and the Supreme Court will be
invoked to decide the disputed point.
■ ' I
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
the very latest color process.
Eight pages in beautiful col-
ors tnat are pleasing to the eye.
Union Iron Works Will Settle.
The Union Iron "Works yesterday filed a
confession of judgment in the suit
brought against the corporation by Mr3.
Delia B. Powers and her children, in
which they sought to obtain $250 damages.
The husband, Michael Powers, was killed
by a falling beam while in the company's
employ. The company acknowledges all
the allegations in the complaint and will
pay the sum asked for.
iry oi mis ouiic uernauiu, anu inai xma appro
priation provide not only for a dairy school,
but for a farm of sufficient size and conveni
ence to make possible as good instruction in
the care and handling: of all kinds of farm
animals that the nation affords. |
That this association urges upon Congress
the passage or the Grout Mil, or its substi
tute, regulating: the sale of oleomargarine;
that letters be sent by the president and sec
retary to each of the California representatives
in Congress urging their support of this meas
ure, and that if It be deemed expedient by
the executive committee and it the finances
of the association permit, a substantial ap
propriation be made from the association funds
to the National Dairy Union to assist it in the
fight for the passage of the Grout bill.
"W. H. Turner of the committee on but
ter contests reported in favor of holding
four contests a year. The matter was re
ferred to the executive committee.
After some further expressions of good
will on the part of local commission men
toward the association an adjournment
was taken. The affair closed with a ban
quet at 118 California street at 6 o'clock.
Covers for sixty were laid and many of
the leading dairy produce merchants were
present as invited guests. President Lyon
served as toastmaster. The affair was a
happy one for all concerned.
Greatest Sale of the Year.
IN MANY INSTANCKS THE PRICES
HAVE BEEN CUT ALMOST TO HAl^
THEIR ORIGINAL VALUE.
HAVE ONLY SPACE TO QUOTE A
FEW SPECIALS FROM SOME OF OUR
LEADING DEPARTMENTS.
WOM<-^'S WRAPPERS.
QQ/, For FLANNEL WRAPPERS —
Ot/U were 75c.
£*Ckr for FLANNEL WRAPPERS—
Otf w were ?1.25.
fl»1.19 For FLANNEL. WRAPPERS—
<J>' were $2.00.
WOMEN' « WAIST.*.
Q Q ,-. ■ For WOMEN'S FLANNEL
OOC WAISTS — were 75c.
£}Q/-» For WOMEN'S FLANNEL
OOt/ WAISTS— were $1.25.
fi>l QA For WOMEN'S FRENCH
JpltOO 1 FLANNEL WAISTS — were.
$2.50. '
4I»O OPS For WOMENS" EMBROID-
«t>^5c<7€> ERED FRENCH FLANNEL
or SILK WAISTS— were $5.00.
DRESM r, «ACQUPS.
APZ.r> For WOMEN'S EIDERDOWN
T"Ow DRESSING SACQUES — were 75c.
CO_ For' WOMEN'S EIDERDOWN
Otft> DRESSING SACQUES — were SI.
OC» For WOMEN' S EIDERDOWN
OOv DRESSING SACQUES — were
$1.50. ' - ;
Sizes of Waists, Wrappers and Dressing
Sacques on Sale. 32 to 46.
CHILDRE>'S CLOAKS.
Sizes 2 to 6 years; colors Tan, Royal
Blue, Red and Cream.
mi hff For reKular $3.25 Cloaks.
<t>o: OK For regular $5.00 Cloaks.
d>q 4^5 ■^ or retuiar $5.50 Cloaks.
rt»O Q=\For regular $6.00 Cloaks.
A i full line ' of LONG and SHORT
CREAM BEDFORD CORD or CASH-
MERE CLOAKS on sale at 91.35, ?1.75,
$2.25. $2.7O.
Most of them worth double. .
HDMEkY.
©>» Pair— For our regular, 12%c WO-
OW MEN'S FAST BLACK SEAMLESS
HOSE. - . - "■■ .
tau Pair — For our regular 20c WO-
IZ^t MEN'S BLACK HOSE.
1 0 1 r» Pair— For our regular 20c CHIL-
I^gC-DREN'S HOSE. Double Knee,
Heel and Toe: full finish: fast black.
. . CO .-rfi-.T
All makes and styles represented; .sizes
IS to 30. I Remember, we refund your
money If after 30 days' wear corset does
not give perfect satisfaction.
Our regular $1.00 Corset for 75c.
Regular $1.25 Corset for »1.0O. .
' Regular $1.50 Corset for St. 25.
Regular $1.75 Corset for i;1.45. ■ -
Regular $2.00 Corset for »1.O1>.
Rt-gular $2.25 Corset for SR1.9 ".
Regular S2.50 Corset for 8J2.J 5.
Regular $S.CO C.ors-it for $3.45.
WINTER UND "wrar
WOMEN'S HEAVY COTTON Ifftr*
VESTS, were 25o. On sa'.e.. IOW
WOMEN'S HE A VT FLEECED QQ,-.
VESTS, were 35c. On sale ZOv
WOMEN'S HEAVY -BALBRIG-
GAN VESTS, were 75c. On A Or,
sale 7
WOMEN'S WHITE WOOL (TQ,,
VESTS, were $1.25. On sale.. C Ow
WOMEN'S FINE WOOL SAXONTQO>.
VESTS, were $1.50. On sale... OOC
Also ble reduction In CHILDREN'S
WOOL UNDER GARMENTS.
HOSR< UPP^RWR'.
1P5»r» WOMEN'S SATIN BELT HOSE
IOC SUPPORTERS, all colors; regu-
lar 25c.
OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL 11 O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.
Bet. Taylor and Jone3.
■ | _ : Hale'^ J
(^Ldj5^!p? r T Market Street, | iP[3|
Very Strong Values in i Mjtj
■ Wrappers T °- d^- filL*.
Not that we can't give you just as strong \ j j| ££,
values any day, but it's only seldom we have the I i w I
time to emphasize them. The flannelette is good I ; : y v\
and heavy; the sewing is carefully and thor- /]]kfy/iM^>*
oughly done; the trimmings are quite becom- ,%m$ffll fj|§>'
ing. Three for example: 'i^iiisfcfc*'
J)5e Each — Heavy flannelette; ruffles over the shoulder: braid trimmed.
Bishop sleeves, flounce. around the bottom; colors dark blue and red fig-
ured; sizes 34 to 44. •
$1.25 Each (like illustration) — Striped flannelette, with Bishop sleeves,
ruffles over the shoulder and around the yoke; trimmed with braid,
flounce on bottom; every size.
At $1.95 — Figured flannelette; with gathered front, pleated back; rufflfjd^
around the yoke and shoulder; ruffles trimmed with braid and embroi.™
ery; flounce around the bottom; new sleeves.
Children's Box Reefers$i.p5
Buttoned to the neck; collar and cuffs and pocket trimmed with fancy
braid. Choose from blue, red or castor. It's a stylish, natty garment.
As is also this:
MELTON BEETEIt AT $3.95— Box effect with notched collar, turn-back
cuffs. It's tailor-made with a touch of style and swinj: to it that only
a; tailor can give. Colors blue, castor and red.
Candy Sale==Specia! Prices.
— 15c Mixed Cand'j at 10c.
—25c Fancy Creams at 20c.
To-day for the first time. Hundreds of folks have found out that Hale's
is the place to buy candies. Everything is so clean and fresh: then we ask
no more than any one else: in some cases much less. To-day, for example —
FANCY CBEAMS 20c A LB— Choice, fancy sort that we have been selling
at 25c.
MIXED CANDY lOc A LB— Plain mixed, but our regular price up to this
morning has been 15c. Buy a half more to-day than you could yester-
day for the same money.
Child's Plaid Dresses 95c.
Plain yoke, trimmed with braid, ruffles over the shoulders, lined throueh-V
out, full skirt. I
Another splendid value in dresses we must tell you of I
AT 81.25— Plaid dresses -with plain reveres and yoke, skirt gatr.e'ed full on I
plain belt, trimmed wlu braid. The whole thing is lined ° air ' e ' ca Iuu on 1
AT S1.50-Plaid dresses with plain yoke, with reveres extending over the I
shoulder. It's In the blouse effect, full skirt, all lined. . I
SAYS GREGGLEY
MEANT TO SLAY
Bartender Has an Excit
ing Time Christmas
Morning.
"John Doe" Greggley. a man who car
ries pistols and pops' them oft on ill-timed
occasions, has his name on a warrant
sworn to by James O. Scully, a barkeeper
in Joseph Harney's saloon, 1656 Market
street. Scully wants Greggley arrested
on a charge ol assault to commit murder.
Before Judge Mogan Scully told his woe
ful story yesterday and showed a slngftd
eyebrow and two cartridges aa confirma
tion to his tale.
According to Scully, Greggley occupies
an office on MarKet street and- is an
agent for diamonds and seltzer water at
tne same time. For some weens he piayed
tne part of a steady patron of the saloon
in which Scully worKs. On Cnristmad
morning he two-stepped up to tne bar,
and catching sight of a outton in the
lapel of Scuny's coat began to free him
self of certain opinions that Scully vows
to be insulting. The button has pictured
upon it the young lady to whom bcully Is
betrothed. Oreggley was ordered out of
the saloon in a nurry.
Late in the afternoon Greggley re
turned, smitten to the core and con
science-stricken for what he had said.
In return for absolution he offered to
"treat the house," which was quite empty
at the time. Scully was not ot a mina to
assimilate apologies, so he ordered the
insurer out. (jreggley grew boisterous
at this point and wnipped a couple of re
volvers out of his pocket, pointing them
at Scully's face. Scully dodged, tne pis
tols went 'off and the bystanders quickly
disarmed the celebrating Greggley, who
was promptly kicked Into the street.
Scully also alleged that Greggley th3
same afternoon attempted to shoot I,. P.
Weaver, manager for the Studebakcr
Brothers* Manufacturing Company, and
a man named Pfendergast. They hap
pened to be near the saloon when he was
kicked out. Greggley, Scully said, had
called upon him Thursday afternoon and
had, he said, offered to give him a valu
able diamond ring If he would not prose
cute him.
EUNAWAY ON LABKIN
STREET CAUSES TERROS
Horses Dragging- a Milk Wagon Dash
Down Street and Create
Consternation.
Shouts of warning, rattling milk bottles
and the loud clatter of a runaway horse
attached to a dairy wagon offered enough
excuse for the hasty retreat to safety on
the part of men, women and children yes
terday afternoon on Larkin street. It was
during the busy shopping hours when one
of the wagons belonging to the Oakland
dairy, doing business at 320 Fulton street,
came dashing along.
There was no driver on the wagon and
at first it was feared that he had been
thrown off. The* excitement increased
when at the corner of Post and Larkin
streets the horse swerved and suddenly
dashed toward Henry A. Schultze's gro
cery store, 929 Larkin street, but here the
animal was brought to a halt by coming
into collision with one -of Schultze's;
wagons. Several men rushed to the
horses' heads and prevented - both from
going on a stampede. Schultze's wagon
was damaged, both shafts being smashed,
and the harness almost torn from the
horse. The driver of the milk wagon
gave the excuse that he had tied his
iiorse to a post for the purpose of feed
ing him, when the animal was suddenly
startled, broke away and bolted. Had
the runaway come in contact with a car
which had a moment Def ore turned the
corner there would have been a bad
smash-up. An elderly man on crutches,
who was crossing the street at the time,
narrowly escaped being run over.
Old Suit Decided.
The protracted litigation resulting from
a . suit instituted by J. Howard " Smith
against W. H. Martin et ah, directors of
the Ferries and Cliff House Railway, to
recover $3500 paid for stock alleged to be
practically valueless, was ended yester
day by . a decision of the Supreme Court
in favor of the tlefendants. The court did
not pass upon the question as to whether
Smith had been defrauded, but held that
he had forfeited his opportunity of secur
ing judgment because of Inexcusable de
lay in making a legal investigation of the
value of the property after he had pur
chased It. J -•.;!•■>■::. ■=;
Bids for Sub-Police Station.
The Board of Public Works opened
Beven bids yesterday for the construction
of a sub-police station on Clara street
near Fourth. The lowest bid was that of
Petersen & Person, $23,936, and they will
be awarded the contract.
Sued on Promissory Note.
George E. Herrlck, administrator of the
estate of Wilson T. Smith, is suing N. W.
Spaulding and Abner Doble for $5800
loaned to them by Smith on a promissory
note In October. 13% "uusaory
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
Granulated Best Cane SUGAR, 2! lbs. $1.00
Kxtra. dry. Spreckels Refinery.
Bast L. Bros. 1 Brand HAMS, It) 13c
i Our Hams are supar-cured, and every Ham
Is guaranteed. Reg. Me. "
SWEET WINES, Vintage 1892, qt bot. -25c
Port. Sherry. Muscatel. Tokay, Angelica.
Re?. 40c and 50c bot. ; by the gal. 03c, regr.
LENNOX' SOAP, 8 cakes 25c*
Special request. Res. 6 for 23c.
CHOICE Point Reyes BUTTER, square. 37Jc
1 square 40c. Market is advancing.
Reg. SOc.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .45:
"We have the Best Butter In the city.
JAMS.lpTclal Request, 3 cans 25c
Raspberry. Strawberry. Blackberry,
Currant, Gooseberry. Plum. Quince,
Code Portwood Canning Co. finest quality.
Reg. :.5c can.
PETALUMA RANCH E63S, dozen . . . . . 25c
Regr. 35c. - . .
BEST MISSION E6SS, "ten. "....-... 35c
Received daily. Reg. 45c.
MOCHA and JAVA, Cur Best Coffee, la 25c
We have the best Coffee in the world: oar
friends say so. Ree. 35c Ib.
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, 6 kinds 40c
Reg. 60c and 73c Ib.
BOHEMIAN A B G BEE8, pints, doz. -51.40
Qts.. doz., $2 25. Reg. $2 G3 and $1 55.
GHIRARDELU'S COCOA, Mb cai 20c
Reg. 25c.' • . t
Zinfandal and Claret, in stone jug, gal. .75c
.8 years old. ; Reg;*!.- * ,
; :.Good Clare^ sral., 40c. > v •:■ ,;
BROMANGELON, Dessert JelfyrpkgV. . . 10c
GhlrardelH's Ground Chocolate, I-lbcan.25c
KEROSEnTsTAR 01L,'5 sals $1.05 '
10c allowed for empty can.
Jamaica Rum, Old London Dock, qt bot • . 75c
Unequaled for purity. Reg. jvOO.
SEEDED RAISINS, 3 pk?s 25c
Cleaned Currants. Seedless Raisins.
2 pkgs. 25c. Reg. 15c pkg.
Choice New Crop MIXED KUTS, Ib . . . . I2J2
"Walnuts, Filberts, Pecans. Reg. 20c. '
CITRON, ORANGE, LEMON PEELS, Ib.. 15c
Reg. 20c.
Heart's Content WHISKEY, full quart. $1.00
■ Pure Old Kentucky Bourbon or Rye.
Reg. $1 23; gal. $3 00, reg. $4 00.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER, Mb can.... 40c
Reg. 45c can.
TABLE FRUITS, 3 2Mb C3ns 50c
Peaches. Pears, Apricota. Reg. 25c can
OLDJAL^PURE BRANDY, qt bot..... 75c
PLuWodTng, Mb can 20d
Richardson & Robbing. Reg. 25c
PETITS POIS, French Peas, 2 cais. . . .25c
Reg. SOc can. Special request.
MacaronUpagheltl, Vermicelli, box. .20a
WGofALCOHOL, Extra Refined, qt bot - 25o
Heg. 40c. ■ - , ■- .
HAVANA and KEY WEST CIGARS
For New Tear's Gifts at cut prices.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS *
Can take advantage of these "specia^Y
sales. We ship free of charge within 100
miles on all orders exceeding $5. Asfc for
monthly price list — free.
1348-1354 Mnrkct ftreet.
ppp. Seventh. Phone & 232. No Branch Stores.
NOTICE!
Mayerle's Superior Quality
Eyeglasses, which ar» ths
'^5 i '£25s£0V' cn!^' ones Indorsed by the
f/6)£2f$S?*'' highest V. S. Army. Navy
a>i jeCiyjJw and Government official?,
can be had only of Georga
Mayerie. at 1071V Market St., near Seventh.
Telephone South 672. German Eyewater. SOc.
Mr. George Mayerie has no Branch Stores, nor
does he employ any opticians to represent him.
DR.MCNULTYT
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
. Speciallstcwe*Bloort Poison, Gonorrhcea,Gleet,
Stricture, Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders, liootc on Diseases of Men, free.
O ver20y ears' experience. T»rnis reasonable. Honr*.
9to3dally;8:30toS.30e7'Rs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consul-
tation freeandsacredly confidential. Call or address
P. AOSCOE aicXULTY. 31. D.
2G 14 Kearny St., San Francisco* Cal.
NEW WESTERN HOTEJL, f f
I/EARNT AND WASHINGTON ST3.— FJtf
■* modeled and renovated. KING, WARD if
CO. European plaa Rooms, Mo to O 50 day:
$3 to |8 week; $3 to $20 month. Fre« baths;
hot and cold water every room; firs grates la
•very room; elevator runs all night.
> Weekly Call,$1.00 per Tear