General MaKes Gallant Bat
, tie Against Grip of
Pneumonia.
Dealt o! le Former
President Hourly
Eiii(§(l.
HARRISON'S
LIFE SLOWLY
EBBING AWAY
LORD PAUNCEFOTE (FORMERLY SIR JULIAN), BRITISH EMBASSA
DOR TO AMERICA. WHO HAS BEEN MADE A MEMBER OF THE
PRIVY COUNCIL OF KING EDWARD VII.
VERY SERIOUS RIOTS
CONTINTJE IN RUSSIA
Students of Kharkoff Joined in a
Street Demonstration by Thou
sands of. Workmen.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 12.-On
March 4 the city of Kharkoff (capital of
Kharkoff province, 220 miles southwest of
Moscow) experienced disturbances similar
to those which occurred- here upon that
date when the Russian police brutally dis
persed a gathering of 1500 male and, female
students who had petitioned the priests
of Kazan Cathedral to celebrate services
for Alexander II. It is. now privately re
ported that several thousand workingmVn
Joined the students at Kharkoff in their
street demonstrations.;^ The /authorities
suspended this participation and ordered
the factory gates to" be closed, "but too
late to prevent the worklngmea from com
ing out.
The French expedition lost two French
officers and twenty-three mea. Including
four Frenchmen killed, axd had many oth
ers wounded.
announcing that another engagement ha*
been fought between the French punitive
expedition, consisting of French and Al
gerian troops, and the Moroccan Berbers,
in the district of Tlmlmoun. oasis of
Tooat, in which the tribesmen were dis
persed with great loss.
ALGIERS. March 12.— A dispatch ha3
been received here frcm General Severe
Which French arid Algerians
Lose Heavily.
Fierce Fight on the Oasis of Tooat in
PUNITIVE EXPEDITION
BATTLES WITH TRIBESMEN
BERLIN. - March 12.— The • statement
current that 600 Russian marines with
guns have been landed at Ma San Pho.
on • the Straits of Korea, is regarded as
unfounded. *; In authoritative quarters
here it is pointed . out that . the agree
ment between Russia and Japan pledges
Russia not to land troops In Korea with
out notifying Japan. ,
Reported Action of Russian Marines
Not Believed.
PARIS, March 12.— The seconds of An
dre Buffet in his dispute with Paul De
roulede, De Cassagnac and De Ramel,
and the seconds of M. . Dcroulede. Mau
rice Eaurres and Dr. de Vllleres, met in
Paris to-day and deliberated over the pro
posed duel, after which the following
statement was Issued:
"Messieurs Baurres and De Vllleres
agreed that M. Buffet Is the offended
party. The weapon chosen is the pistol.
Two bullets will be exchanged, at the
word of command," at twenty-five paces.
The- place, day and hour will be fixed
later. The weapqns, place and direction
of the duel will be drawn for by lot.
. "Th« undersigned undertake to call to
the attention of the principals the fact
that the invariable rule in affairs of honor
forbids a gesture or a word being ex
changed on the field between the com
batants."
The statement was signed by the four
seconds. ,
LANDING IN KOREA.
TWO SHOTS TO BE FIBED
AT TWENTY-FIVE PACES
Seconds Arrange Details of the Com
ing Duel Between Buffet and
Deroulede.
The report of the committee on the lega
tion quarter defenses probably will be con
sidered to-morrow. Though the commit
tee has declined to notify the Chinese
owners of property confiscated, the regis
ter of claims of the Ministers probably
will, where Just, see that the amount in
volved is added to the total of the gen
eral indemnity. The Ministers will soon
meet Prince Ching and Li Hung Chang to
consider questions regarding public build
ings and grounds.
Mr. RockhlU's proposition providing for
dally - meetings of . the j| Ministers will be
followed so far as practicable. When any
Minister is unable' to. attend meetings", the
meeting .will not 'take place. Otherwise
the meetings will occur daily.
eral principles on _whlch Indemnity claims
should be considered was adopted. Those
claims which are palpably unjust will be
disallowed. JO i;
"General Diaz has to, die, and his end
Is approaching not,only on account of his
advanced age, but from a chronic disease
from which he has suffered several years.
It Is necessary then to prepare for the
succession. General Bornardo Reyes, Min
ister of .War,. who can control 'th« army,
and Governor Miguel .Ahumada, Governor
of Chihuahua, -whose~ popularity with
Americans is proverbial, are spoken of as
probable' successors of Diaz."
The El Paso Herald this afternoon pub
lishes a report concerning the condition
of the President, and says the military
power of the country is preparing to copo
with any situation that - may arise. A
translation from a Spanish paper is pub
lished In the same issue, which savs: .
prestige with the Mexican ' authorities
Everywhere along the border the wildest
rumors are afloat concerning a political
upheaval that is menacing Mexico and
will result should Diaz die.
h^ >^ L, PASO. March 12.— Reports from
H Mexico to-dav Indicate that the
. condition of President Diaz is
causing considerable alarm, and
it is even said that his end Is
not far off. The general's advanced age,
71 years, and his long continued illness,
as well as the fact that the succession is
being energetically discussed in all- parts
of Mexico, add weight to the report.
The people of Mexico are filled with
forebodings as- to the lesult should the
aged ruler of the republic pass away sud
denly and an effort be made by ambitious
leaders to succeed him. Official and'un
official denials that the President's con
dition is serious continue to reach the
United States from Mexico 'City, but
the dispatches are considered as In
dicating merely the conirary, as they em
anate from subsidized newspapers and
correspondents who must maintain their
Chinese believed their fortified mountain
belt impenetrable."
CHINA'S PROBABLE APPEAL.
In Her Extremity, She Seeks -Uncle.
Sam's Aid.
"WASHINGTON, March 12.— There: is
reason to believe that China has appealed
to the United States in her extremity, but
whether the appeal Is broader and vis to
other nations as well it is not possible to
learn at present. Nothing has been heard
from Russia since the verbal communica
tion made , by Count Cassinl last week
setting forth the rectitude of Russia's ob
jects in China generally and in Manchu
ria in particular. Minister Wu has been
almost a dally caller at the State Depart
ment, and It Is evident that the Chinese
are impressed by the belief that the cri=!s
has been reached and that the destiny of
Manchuria depends upon the Immediate
action of the powers. : '¦..-.
QUESTION OF PUNISHMENT.
Ministers Think Six More Culprits
Should Be Executed.
PEKING, March 12.— A general meeting
of, the foreign Ministers was held to-day
at which representatives of the commit
tees were heard. Regarding more pun
ishment of the Ch'nese connected with
the Boxers there Is strenuous opposition
against demanding any more heads, but
a list containing the names of ninety-six
minor officials will shortly be presented
to Prince Chlng and LI Hung Chang
urging that they be tried for complicity
in the outrages and punished when found
guilty in such manner as the Chinese
themselves see fit,. except in the case of
elx men. whom the Ministers think should
be executed.
The report of the committee on the ffon-
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
GENERAL. PORFIRIO DIAZ. THE ' AGED PRESIDENT OF, MEXICO.
WHOSE FAILING HEALTH CAUSES ALARM AND FREQUENT PRE
DICTIONS THAT HIS DEATH IS DRAWING NEAR. :
Shortly after 11 o'clock to-night XJ. S.
Miller, who was Attorney General in
President Harrison's Cabinet, telephoned
from the Harrison home to his law part
ner, John B. Elam. that death was liable
to come, at once to the house. The two
will remain at the Harrison bedside all
night. 2M
The next day it was announced to the
papers and to the public that the illness
was more alarming than was at first sup
posed and that thero was danger that the
general would never recover 'from the at
tack. Since Monday morning his condi
tion has gradually grown worse.
Thursday morning he awakened with a
pain In his chest, which at first was hard
ly, noticeable, but later gradually grew
worse, until Mrs. Harrison became
alarmed and the .'amity physician. Dr.
Henry Jamieson. was summoned. He pro
nounced it simply a cold, and at the time
feared no alarming results.
'' Then the lungs became rapidly affected
and the illness was complicated with in
tercostal neuralgia. Saturday his condition
was serious, but not ruch as to cause par
ticular alarm. Sunday for the first time
the physicians began to have fears for the
recovery of the patient, but said little to
the. public about the seriousness of Gen
eral Harrison's condition.
Pneumonia Develops Prom Cold.
.went.downtown to the law office of Mil
ler. & Lamb;, where heremained forabout
an hour and ( a half .' talking with several
friends. He walked all the ;distance to
get ithe benefit ;of the 'exercise. He re
turned from his walk without even feeling
"fatigued and "In the. ex-ening went to one
of "the neighbor's to make a short call.
He then came ; home, and after talking
with his wife and playing, with baby
Elolse about an hour retired early.
member of th<c late Q-ieen's i "council, and
the. appointment announced, to-day. Is pre
su^nably ¦ a . mere 'j formality- _^ .consequent,
upon the ascension of King^. Edward * to
the throne." - ' :. .
sition of Pri\'y Councillor. The Embas^
sador, by .- virtue of. his position, was a
News Comes as a Shock.
The news to-day that there seemed to
be little- if any hope for recovery came as
a shock to the neighbors and friends of
the general, although they knew he was
a very sick man. They recalled that it
was less than a week since they had seen
his familiar form In the street. They
seldom saw him in street cars, for he
never rode in good weather. Twice, and
sometimes of tener, a day. he walked from
his home downtown and back, and of
evenings he liked nothing. better than to
hunt up a friend and stroll over the
northern part of the city.
The sudden illness of the general re
called to the public that he had been seen
in public more this winter, than for many
years, and it was remembered, too, that
he* never before appeared so willing to
discuss subjects of general Interest. On
New Year's; day he made a. notable ad
dress at the dedication of the Columbia
Club .building, and fiince that time has
been conspicuously in the public mind by
reason of 'things, he lias been saying In a
series of articles in the North American
Review. / . ¦
/'General Harrison was In perfect health'
last Wednesday -and, contrary to common
report, r .was not - suffering from a cold or.
f roni illness of any sort. He was in full
possession of the vitality and vigor' which
has characterized these later years of his
life ; to/ a remarkable ' extent.
Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock : he
The widespread Interest In the; former
President is shown by ,'the " hundreds of
messages from all parts of the country
which poured- into the newspaper offices
and the [Harrison -homo during the day.
There was not a State or Territory that
did not make Inquiry by wire, and many
were the ) expressions . hoping that there
might be a turn for the better. Among
the many telegrams of Inquiry received
to-day by Private Secretary Tibbetts was
the. following from the White House:
"WASHINGTON. /March 12.— Will you
be good enough to -advise me of General
Harrison's condition? The President Is
very much pained to learn by the latest
reports of the serious character' of the
general's illness.
"GEORGE T. CORTEL.TOU, Sec."
Numerous similar messages have been
received. •' All the members of General
Harrison's Cabinet have telegraphed.
D.'M. Ramsdall. 3crgcant-at-arms of the
Senate, left 'Washington for Indianapolis
to-day when he learned* of the serious
condition of General Harrison. The peo
ple of Indianapolis who have known the
general .so long were not less eager for
news from the -bedside than were other
citizens of other cities and other. States,
and the newspaper .offices were busy all
day answering Inquiries.
Interest ' Is .Widespread.
Dr. Jamieson, -In giving out the public
bulletins has : been conservative, -and it
was thought by • some that General ; Har
rlson's * condition was ; even more : alarm-
Ing^ than, these * bulletins * would indicate.
Itwas stated' this morning. that a promi
nent member, of the ; Harrison family had
telephoned /from' the-.* residence -that all
hope had been abandoned.', , . . .
yj ONDON. March 12.— Lord Paunce-
I . ' fote. the British Embassador -at
< 1 \i?^ji ; Washington, has-been- appointed^
:¦; : ', '¦¦'. ; ¦ • • a ' m ember of t'ne Priyy^Cqunbil.'.
March.] 2.— Nothlnjrjia3
been . heard »f at ith'e . BnUshV^EmbassyTVof
Lord Pa'uncefote's 'appointment to; the po-
permitted' to rest by means ot .the oxygen
treatment, LWhii^
work double.. It was this' treatment .which
paved ¦ the' lif e ' of - Rudyard '¦ Kipling r when
he suffered * his severe illness from pneu-.
moni.i. .
: During, the. afternoon -the physicians "re
sorted , to. the oxygen , treatment in an en
deavor to furnish relief from the/ constant
pain and labor -of breathing with" whlcn
the general contende-1. ..^ It consisted ¦] in
supplying , the . lungs ' with '.;. pure v oxygen.
By ", this • means the ability; of the parts ; of
the lungs not congested and; Inflamed to
purify -the : blood was .greatly Increased.
The * congested and inflamed' parts are
Resort to Oxygen Treatment.
Shortly after 10 o'clock to-night, with
his face plainly betraying his agitation.
Dr. Jamieson, the physician In charge,
left the residence of General Harrison to
go to, his office to prepare some addi
tional medicines which the gravity of the
case demanded. When he returned he
said that the condition of General Har
rison ; was . extremely critical and that It
was impossible ; to say. how long in nU
weakened condition the patient might be
enabled to resist the deepening of the con
gestion. >
Early to-night there was increased
respiration, which told of the creeping
congestion, and the strength of General
Harrison began to diminish rapidly. At
10 o'clock he was f mucn weaker than he
had been two hours before, and from that
time on the sinking rap.'dly continued.
General Harrison continued to sink from
early this morning. He was for the great
er part of the time in a semi-comatose
condition, and thera were symptoms of
approaching delirium. The signal spread-
Ing and deepening of the inflammation
and congestion were the cause of the great
danger that had been feared from the be
ginning of his illness.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon it becam9
apparent that General Harrison was dy
ing, and the physicians at the bedside of
the distinguished patient made no effort
to conceal the real gravity of the situa
tion. They say. that it Is a matter of
hours only, and all hope cf his recovery
has been abandoned. .
At 2 o'clock this afternoon Dr. Jamieson
declared in his bulletin that General Har
rison's condition was critical. , At 3
o'clock and 4 o'clock additional bulletins
were Issued which simply stated that no
change in the condition of the general had
occurred from earlier in the afternoon.
Drs. Jamieson, Hadley and Dorsey
watched by the bedside, not leaving it
for a moment except to retire for a short,
low-voiced consultation in a corner or
In an adjoining room. Mrs. Harrison still
waited for the most minute symptoms of
favor.
Condition Is Critical.
When the general was taken ill, it is
said, he requested his physicians to make
no unnecessarily alarming statement ; to
the public as to his condition. As .the
physicians have decided to heed this'.re
quest It has been with the greatest diffi
culty that any authentic news has been
obtained from the sick room up to within
the last twenty-four hours. When an in
quiry is made on the telephone as to the
general's condition, the inquirer is
promptly referred to Dr. Jamieson. The
latter is now issuing hourly bulletins to
the press.
None but the physicians^ and intimate
friends •; are ¦: admitted '¦* to the; house, al
though there has been a'cohstant^stream
of carriages ;¦ with : callers fall "day. *Thb«5e
at the Harrison residence,; arejMrs^Harri
son '': and ?. th«V- little j :¦ dauejrtef ,"""•; Elizabeth';
'. Private^; Secretary \<iIit&eiUiv£ Drsf." 'Jamie-;
son, 'Dorsey. and Hadiey.!and;a'*corps'of
trained ') nurses. , .', ¦ Russell . Harrison and
i Mrs. 1 ;; McKee : have ; been , advised i by .;; wire
of the serious in the general's condi
tion, and the former has- wired: that the
will .; leave Washington at 1:30 o'clock
Wednesday, for "Indianapolis. 7 Mrs. Mc-
Kee, however, is detained in her home at
Saratoga, N. Y... through the illness of her
children, it being impossible for her ¦ to
leave them at this: time.
INDIANAPOLIS. March |12.-General
Benjamin ¦• Harrison : can - ; live,' but , a few
hours. His condition up to to' within a
few hours of this morning (Tuesday). was
encouraging, i, but; at ' this' time] he. became
restless land ; an hour "or two plater- Dr.
Jamieson, who = left . the '}, bedside i for his
own home, was hastily summoned ' by '. Dr.
Dorsey, who « has ; constantly -¦ been ; in the
sick room for several days! past.
INDIANAPOLIS, March
13.— At 3 o'clock this morn
ing .physicians; at the' bedside
of General Harrison say there
is no change in his condition
during the last two .hours.
There is little, apprehension,
they say, that he will die for
several hours at least, though
.they qualify this by, saying it
is impossible to say .certainly
what the nest few, hours may.
develop. General .Harrison is
apparently* resting \ without
pain, but remains unconscious.
Chinese Driven From Apparently
Impregnable Position.
LONDON. March 12.— The Peking cor
respondent of the Morning Post, wiring
Saturday and giving details of the storm-
Ing cf a gate of the great wall by Colonel
Ledeburs* column, March 8. says:
"The Germans captured the Chung
ehun pass between the provinces of Chili
and Ehansl after several hours' fighting.
The result was brilliantly achieved by the
Bavarian battalion, which marched 123
miles from PaoUngfu In four days,
through mountains and over difficult xnulo
tracks.
"The Chinese held an apparently Im
pregnable position on the wall at the
highest point of th« pass. They had sev
eral hundred troops and artillery of every
description- The Germans attacked them
with GOO Infantry and two howitzers. The
turning movement, over an almost im
passable country, occupied seven hours
and was completely successful. The Chi
nes© fled Into the- province of Shansl,
leaving at least one bundred dead and
four Hotchkiss guns. The victory will
bwe en excellent moral effect, as the
STORMING OF THE GATE.
BERLIN'. March 12— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from
Count von Waldereee:
"PEKING, March 11.— In the fight west
of SuHng: Pass we had only one slightly
wounded. The Chinese left 230 dead on the
fi*>:d. Our cavalry, with four quick-firers,
pursued the Chinese twenty miles. A bat
talion remains at Fcnplng and westward
fr<->m the great wall to prevent a return
of thf Chinese troons."
Official circles in Berlin declare that it
!? impossible to judge here exactly what
leads to the Chinese activity around the
pi-cat wall. Russian papers are spreading
reports that the movement there is engi
neered by General Tung Fun Slang and
Prince Tuan for the reconquest of Man
churia. It is to the interest of Russia to
circulate this view, On the other hand it
la believed In Berlin that the Chinese
troops near the great wall have but slight
power of resistance, as the reports of
Colonel Ledebur's engagement peems to
indicate. It is also believed that these
Chinese troops are inferior to those sent
against the allies before the capture of
Peking.
The statement that Russia Insists upon
China's signature to the Manchurian con
vention rests upon China's authority, but
Germany has no reason to suppress such
Information and the fact remains that the
agreement has not been signed as yet.
Nothing Is known as to the published re
port that German capitalists axe negotiat
ing with high Chinese officials for the
erection of arsenals at Nanking. Wo
Chang and other points, but the rumor is
»ot believed In Berlin.
Activity Near Great Wall Causes
Russia to Spread Strange Reports.
GEBMANS DEFEAT CHINESE.
LONDON, March 13, 4:30 a. m.— Friction
has arisen at Tientsin between the Brit
ish and the Russians -over a piece of land
alleged to belong to the railway company
End to have been in possession of the
company for some years.
According to dispatches from Tientsin
the Russians assert that this land Is part
of their new concessions, and, therefore,
Kussian* property. Mr. Kinder, manager
of the railway, began to make a. siding.
but was stopped by the Russian authori
ties. He appealed to Colonel MacDonald,
•who referred the matter to General Bar
row, British chief of EtoftT in Peking, who
replied: "Carry on the siding with armed
force if necessary."
Guards were put on the line by the
British and the -work continued.
General Wagasak. the Russian com
mander, protested and said the thing
¦would net have ben done if the Russians
had had as many troops as the British,
adding that such matters should be left
to diplomacy.
Colonel MacDonaJd again communicated
¦with General Barrow, who replied "Con
tinue the siding."
General Wagasak appealed to the Rus-
Fian Minister at Peking; M. de Giers.
Count von "Waldersee has Informed
General Chaffee that the troops under his
command will be disposed of as follows
during: the summer months: England
w?!l have 1000 men at the summer palace.
* Fmail d.-'ftchrr' :.t in Hunting Park and
T0O0 men in other places. Germany will
srnd troops now in Peking to a village
northwest of the summer palace. In the
mountains, while the German troops at
Paot!rg-Fu will be located In the moun
tains west of the city. Italy will draw the
troops from that part of the summer pal
ece which some of her forces now occupy.
Japan and Austria will leave their troops
In Peking.
Count von Waldersee says that, as by
ruch locations of troops any and all trou
ble can be avoided, he sees no cause for
interforenct.
Czar's Commander Enters
Protest and Serious
Friction Follows.
While Germans Battle With Chinese
Kear Great Wall New Compli
cations Arise.
King Edward's" Men
ForciDly HolQ a
Siding,
GREAT BRITAIN
IN CONFLICT
WITH RUSSIA
fered Monday by Charles Macklnnon
Douglas. Liberal, calling for an inquiry
regarding the retirement of Major Gen
eral Colvllle, who was sent home from
South Africa by Lord Roberts for alleged
inefficiency on the field.
General Colville's friends contended
that he had never been heard by a compe
tent tribunal. Those opposed to him.
among them Winston Spencer Churchill,
assert that he had been properly dealt
with. Churchill exclaimed: "I shall pin
my faith to Lord Roberts. A more dam
aging case than that of Sanna's Post, as
described by the Secretary for War. was
scarcely ever put forward."
Mr. Balfour, the Government leader, ob
jected to Parliament constituting itself
"an amateur court to, deal with military
and strategic questions." He declared
that the commander In chief .was the only
adequate and proper Judge In such ques
tions.
The motion cf Douglas was rejected by
a vote of 262 to 14S. ,
Retirement of Colville.
In the House of Commons last evening
the debate continued on the motion of-
in Cape Colony. Two bands of Boers are
being hunted among the hills by troops
under Gorringe, De Lisle, Grenfell and
Henniker.
A Bloemfonteln special says: Colonel
Pitcher's column has cleared the country
of Boers between this place and the
Orange River. The column has arrived
here, bringing thirty-three prisoners and
3000 horses.
A special from Calcutta says: The Gov
ernment Is preparing for the possible ar
rival of 5000 Boer prisoners, who will be
located In batches of a thousand.
It was rumored on the Stock Exchange
yesterday that the Government would Is
sue a war loan of £50,000,000. •
Mr. Balfour, replying to a question in
the House of Commons yesterday, re
peated his statement that the Government
declined at present to furnish any Infor
mation regarding the negotiations with
General Botha.
Krugtr to Ignore Surrender.
A special from Rouxvllle. Orange River
Cclony, pays: General Bruce Hamilton
arrived here to-day and found RouxvllTo
completely deserted. The houses were
open and many, of them contained no fur
niture. The column on Us way here de
stroyed the grain.
A Brussels special says: Dr. Leyds an
nounces that Mr. Kruger will Ignore the
surrender negotiations between General
Botha and Lord Kitchener.
Dewet Near Brandfort.
A dispatch from General Kitchener,
dated Pretoria. March 12. say3 General
Dewet Is north of Brandfort. Orange
River Colony. Continuous ralnsi have In
terfered with the movements of the troopa
There 13 no further news regarding: the
peace negotiations at Pretoria, except a
report that General Botha Is waiting for
the return of General De-we't to the north,
before coming to a decision. According
to the Bloemfonteln correspondent of the
Times, there are as many as eight separ
ate military commandos In Orange Tilver
Colony, and two villages have been de
clared seats of government by the rebels.
"Progress must remain arrested." says
the . correspondent. ' " "until the twenty
seven columns now In the colony or Gen
eral . Botha's action In the Transvaal
aleafs _up . the- military, situation.'*
Botha ¦Waiting for Dewet-
LOXDOX, March 13.— The Dally Xews
this morning makes the following Import
ant statement: "We understand that the
Government has greatly amended the un
conditional surrender reply. We believe
Lord Kitchener has been authorized to
offer amnesty to both the Boers and the
Boer leaders exceDt ¦where treachery la
clearly proved. Cape rebels only are to
be punished by dlsfranchisement Loans
are to be granted to the Boers for re
building and stocking their farms; and
finally the Government will offer to es
tablish some kind of civil government as
soon as the commandos have surrendered.
Its form ¦will probably be that of a crown
colony, but with the important concession
¦which Sir Alfred Mllner advises, namely.
a council Including Boers of position, HRe
General Botha. General Lucas Meyer and
Mr. Schalkburgcr."
If the Republican Forces Lay Down
Anns They Will Receive a
Crown Colony.
Cape Rebels Only Are to Be
Punished by Disiran
cHisemeni
Great Britain Amends
Proposed Terms oi
Surrender.
BRAVE BOERS
TO GET OFFER
OF AMNESTY
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13, 1901 ;
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 103.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Passing of the Aged Ruler May Be Followed
by a Political Upheaval During the
Fight for Succession.
MEXICO'S PRESIDENT
IS DECLARED TO BE
IN DYING CONDITION
Edward VII Honors the British Embassador
to the United States by Selecting
Him for a - Post of Honor.
APPOINTS PAUNCEFOTE
A MEMBER OF THE PRIVY
COUNCIL OF THE REALM
Vitality Maintained by the Use of
Oxygen, and Physicians Admit
the End Is Keir.
The San Francisco Call.MARSEILLES. March - 12.— Large - num
bers of strikers here yesterday overturned
wagons, opened, sacks cf 'provisions ami
prevented the Italian ¦ stonmer Adrla f rorv
discharging her cargo. Ihepotlce finally
dispersed the. rioters, making several ar-
Strikers on the Rampage.
Spain's Throne. . ¦ ;
.MARSEILLES, March 12.— Don Jamie;
son of Don Carlos, the Spanish pretender,
arrived here to-day 32 board the steamer
Laos, from China. . He declared It untrue
that his father had abdicated his claims to
the Spanish throne. in favor of -himself.
He said he had come home not to talk
over the political situation, but to rest
from the fatigue of the campaign in the
province ef Pechlll. where he had taken
part In the capturing of the Peltsanj
forts. He considered it his duty and a
matter of honor not to interfere in politics
while a Russian officer, but should his
father die he would resign and accept hia
father's political mission.
Debenture Company Fails.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, March 12.— A re
ceiver has been appointed for the Ohio
Debenture Company on the application of
n stockholder, who ?ay3 the outstanding
indebtedness is $225,000 and the assets 'not
more than $75,000. The Supreme Court
will be nskod to pass upon the legality of
debenture companies. . . .
Son of Don Carlos on Return Prom
China Denies Designs of
DON JAMIE'S DUTY LIES
AWAY FBOM -POLITICS
Sale of Wickersham Property.
SANTA ROSA, March 12.— Tho YVIcker-
Eham 'will contest was up before Judge
Burnett to-day. .The confirmation of sev
ornl palos of personal and real property
belonging to th« late Petaluma .banker
occupied the attention of ; the court. The
return of sale of personal , property was
filed ; It-Included a largf amount of stock
in' the Santa Rosa National Dank, tho
Bank ; of Healdsburg and . the California
Safe Trust and Deposit Company, the ag
gregate : amount ' being $79.765. , , Fred a.
Wlckersham .went -on, the stand and tea-'
tided to th<» final account of the estate of
his late. father. *
PRESCOTT, Ariz., March 12.— A. L.
Gassott was arrested and lodged In 1 Jail
yesterday by a Government officer,
charged with having embezzled $150 while
Postmaster at Brlstow, Kan?. The de
tectives have been following -him for six
teen months ami finally overtook and ar
rested him while he, was w ° r * ln S with a
gang of laborers near McClellan, on the
Santa Fe Pacific Railroad. He was taken
before United States Commissioner. Mooro
and * committed ? to - Jail hore until the
nccesjnry -papers can bo obtained, *yhen
he .will "be taken to Topeka, Kans>, for
trial. . . IITOiniiiiiiifffiaH
Captursd After a Long Chase.
PETALUMA, March 12.-One of a party
of picnickers on Sonoma Mountain yester
day was : treed by a couple of coyote
hounds which were roaming trie mountain.
The man reached the low limb of a tree
and barely had time to wind his arms and
legs around It when the hounds were upon
him. By jumping the dogs could just reach
the man's clothing. For several minutes
he maintained his perilous position, with
the dogs straining every nerve to get at
him. -The owner of the dogs, who was a
half mile behind them, finally arrived and
rescued the picnicker before he was In
jured to any extent.
Near Petaluma.
Picnicker Has a Thrilling Experience
TREED BY COYOTE HOUNDS,
From the Dogs of th* Tribes.
SEATTLE, March 12.— The steamer
Dlrigo, which arrived to-day from Alaska,
brings news of a rich strike of free milling
ore at Twelve Mile Arm, on Kassan Bay.
Eighty pounds of ore sold readily for $400.
Purser Baker of the Dirigo gays that
the supposed smallpox at Saman, near
Ketchlkan, among the Slwashes, has
turned out to be nothing: more or less
than mange. . It seems, according: to the
doctor who made an investigation of the
disease, that the Indians had been living
in miserable shape during the winter and
that many of them slept on the floors of
their cabins, where their dogs, most of
them mangy, laid down with them., J.
M. Scott, manager cf the Copper Moun
tain Mining Company, came down on the
Dlrlgo. .
Several well-known ¦. Dawson people
reached the city by the three vessels
which arrived to-oay. I. J. Hartman,
Dawsoh's Postmaster, Is one of them.' J.
E. McDonald and Mrs. McDonald are two
others. McDonald's cousin is the famous
Klondlkcr of the same name. The steam
ship Senator brought ,$50,000 in bullion
from Treadwell In care of Purser Jones.
This will be shipped to San -Francisco to
night. - . ¦ . -
To Classify Hawaiian Fishes.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 12.-
Presldent David Starr Jordan of Stanford
TJfniversity has been appointed a member
of . the Hawaiian Fish Commission and
will leave the university in May for Hon
olulu to begin the study and classification
of, the fishes of the islands. The other
members of this commission who reside
on the Pacific Coast arc Oliver P. Jenkins,
professor of physiology at Stanford/and
B.' F. Evermann. a graduate of Stanford
clnss of '92. Professor Everraann will be
the manager, of the commission and •will
remain In the Islands throughout the time
required to collect the'; specimens. 'J Tho
collection will then be brought » to i Stan
ford, where the classification will be made
under. Dr. Jordan's supervision. ;•- ••¦..-'*
Rumor of Schreibcr's Arrest.
'-'NEW YORK, March 12.— There ; was a
persistent rumor In EUzft.t>eth.^K.' < J.;' ; tx>
day that W. J.Schreiber. the absiondlu,?
clerk of the Elizabethpart Jank Company,
had been arrestwj in California." The bank
officials,; declare," however; that "they., have
not heard of it. ¦¦-' ' ' »
Alaskan Indians Contract the Disease
SUPPOSED SMALLPOX
:'£•! \ PROVES TO BE MANGE
Recruits Constantly Added Keep the
Army Up to Its Just Propor
tion of Men.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— An lncrenso
of over 100 per, cent in the enlistments for
the regular army since the recruiting wns
begun, February 8. has encouraged War
« > ,f P «t rt ?J. ei i t; ?^ nclals -"' T h"y now feel con-
A$,u~ 'I 1 ,? 1 . there will be no ¦ trouble In
finding. all. tho men necessary.. to bring the
army up to its proportions Before the date
comes, for; the volunteer, regiments <to: bo
musteredjout. ; Adjutant General : Corbln
roceivrs dally reports; from thorcerultlnK
ofneers scattered throughout the country.
At : t ™L end . ot the first : week. -Fobruarv h
ast. ?£6 recruits had . been obtained -For
bt 7 C< d cncnnB March s "SG recruits: were
INCREASED ENLISTMENT ,',
ADJUSTS THE BALANCE
NEW ORLEANS, March 12.— The stew
ards have recommended the refusal of
further entries of the horse Filibuster or
of entries of Myers & Shank, his present
owners. Summary: .
¦First, race, seven furlongs. selling— Helen
Fax ton -Ron, Bam Lazarus second, Woodtrlce
third. Time, 1:29.
Second race, six furlongs. selling-Rosy
Morn won, A\ eidemflnn second, Zaza third.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling—Flllbus
, «iT on> Pa secon<1 . i^ackman. third: Time
*•"'«• i. . " • ~ •'. . ' • '
_Fourth race, handicap, mile and an elghth-
Dl**olutp v.-on. Sarlllo second. Piscador third.
Time. -1:54%. «¦<»
_L"irth . race, mile and a half, selling— Leon
Ferguson won, Dert Davis neccnd, Sir Flts
hu&h third. Time. 2:35H. •
Sixth race, one rolle. sclllnsr— Cofrsweil won.
Janewood second. Gray Dally third. Time,
Stewards Recommend Refusal to En
ter Him or Owner's Other Entries.
SUSPICIOUS OF FILIBUSTER.
DENVER, March J2.— The Democratic
city convention to-day made the follow
ing: nominations: For Mayor, Judge
Ebenezer T. Wells; for Auditor. E-dwnrd
Keating, renominated;' for Attorney.
Charles. 11. Pierce; for Treasurer, Earl
Hewitt; for Engineer, John B. Hunter, re
nominated. - i
It was decided to allow tre women delv
eates to name the-Citv Clerk, and tha
convention adjourned until to-morrow,
pending action of a caucus of the women,
rue platform adopted declares for cltv
ownership of water, lighting and other
natural monopolies."
The present Mavor* Henry V. Johnson,
who was a candidate for renomination
announced to-day that he would be an in
dependent candidate.
Democratic City Convention Leaves
Nomination for City Clerk to
Feminine Caucus.
WOMEN DELEGATES WIIX
NAME DEN VEB CANDIDATE
LOS ANGELES, March 12.— The weath
er bureau's weekly crop bulletin report
that barley In some localities la headlng;j
in others an early hay crop is being gath
ered. In the Alamitos section the sugar
beet stand is excellent, with but few ex
ceptions. Deciduous fruit trees are bloom
ing freely. Pasture is in good condition,
as are cattle on the southern ranges. ,.\
fine crop of lemons is being gaihered.
Wild flowers are in bloom, and the bees
are gathering a large crop of honey.
Southern California Crops.
TOPEKA. Kans., March 12.— The annual
report of the Order of- , Select Friends
shows that order is delicient $15,000 in the
payment of its obligations, and W. V.
Church, State Superintendent of Insur
ance, has refused to renew its license to
do business in Kansas. This amounts to
a suspension of the order's authority to
operate in the State.
Arrangements are said' to be making
with tho supreme officers of the American
Crusaders, a new order, with headquar
ters in Kansas, to transfer the insurance
of the Select Friends to that order.
FORT SCOTT, Kans., March 12.-An
nouncement was made to-day from the
supreme offices of tho Order of Select
Friends in this city that the order had
been forced A to suspend by the action of
the Kansasf Insurance . Commissioner In
revoking itsllicJnse because it was consid
ered by. him to be insolvent. The order
has a total membership of 3000 in Kan
sas, Missouri and Colorado, and was car
rying $0,000,000 Insurance. Following the
revocation of the license a friendly suit
was brought by Dr.rJ.A. "Wells', of Erie,
the head national officer of the order, to
recover J300. It.now. develops that its ob
ject was to secure the appointment of a
receiver, which was done quietly at Yates
Center by Judge Stllwell in chambers. The
receiver is C. C. Dutton of Erie. He has
arrived to take charge of the affairs of
the, order. Supreme Secretary Dr. W. I.
Lynn of this city sa>-3 the extremely high
death rate of the winter Of 1900 strained
the order's financial condition.
Insurance Commission Re
vokes Benevolent Or
der's License.
SELECT FRIENDS
OUT OF BUSINESS
battleship proceeded about twenty-five
miles down the coast. On her return un
der a moderate forced draught, the ship's
indicator showed her speed for a two
hours" run to average 16 2-10 knots an
hour with 107 revolutions. The contract
requirements call for IS knots. an hour
with 120 revolutions. No attempt was
made at- speed, the vessel's bottom being
The police, United States customs offi
cials and the United States Marshal re
fused assistance, taking the position
that as long as Captain Jensen had put
up bonds there was no reason why they
should take the Chinese into custody.
Finally Thornton got British Consul Jelly
and an interpreter out on the barge with
the Chinese. The conference committee
reported in favor of a peaceful return to
the bark Collingrove, provided Thornton
went along and remained over night to
preserve peace ,in the ship's family.
Thornton agreed. Now all is quiet aboard
the Collingrove and Captain Jensen's
$2400 Is safe. , . .
SEATTLE, March 12.— With only an un
loaded, pistol Y. M. Thornton, formerly
chief engineer of the steamer Sarah M.
Bentcn. held up and captured, fourteen
Chinese, constituting the entire crevr, of
the British bark Collingrove, who were
escaping in a small boat. The Collin
grovo.arrived at Port Blakeley on Satur
day from S/ianghai, and Captain Jensen
prepared to enjoy a period of calm after
a long, deep-water voyage. On Monday,
morning, when he got ready to order up
his breakfast, he found the bark desert
ed by every one of the fourteen Mongo
lians. The situation was alarming, espe
cially to the captain, who saw the $2100
bond he had put up at Port Tpwnsend
with the Collector of the Port for the re
turn of the Chinese to the Orient disap
pearing in Uncle Sam's capacious pocket.
Captain Jensen boarded the steamer
Siirah M. Kenton for Seattle. A fast pas
sage was made, and a few minutes after
landing the captain had engaged the as
sistance of H. M. Thornton.- The steamer
Estella - was chartered, and Thornton,
armed with an empty pistol, went forth
on the waters of Puget Sound to capture
the Chinese and save Captain Jensen's
*2400.
Luck had it that the Chinese were dis
covered in a small boat near Alki Point.
As soon as they saw that the steamer was
after them they made haste to reach
shore, but were retarded by the crowded
condition cf their boat. Before they could
land Thornton had them dancing to the
tune ot an empty pistol. After their cap
ture the Chinese became quiet and made
no objection to being quarantined on one
of the city barges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Returns Eourteen Chinese
Teserters to the Bark
Collingrove.
ONE MAN ROUNDS
OP FLEEING CREW
NEWPORT, R. I., March 12.— On
her builders' trial, trip to-day the
battleship Illinois more than
measured up to expectations.
The ship was not taken out to
deep sea, but was given a run down the
coast, the main object being to test her
boilers. '.
Steaming out of the Virginia Capes, the
"William, come out here; I want to talk
to you," implored the woman. But he did
not stir. Then she grew almost hysteri
cal and cried: "Oh, you contemptible
coward! You sneak! I've followed you
acroas the continent and I'll fight you to
the bitter end. I'll send you where you
were once before, you miserable coward!
I am etill alive, though you tried to kill
me, you wretch!"
Her attorney finally quieted her, and as
Springfield would not speaJc the party
got Into the carriage and came back to
Lodi.
Springfield will fight the case, as he and
the girl claim Mrs. Springfield is men
tally unbalanced. Mrs. Springfield will
file a complaint to-morrow in a suit ask
ing for maintenance and all expenses she
has incurred. Other charges may follow
Involving the relationship of her husband
and niece. . ';-«;•:
"You will please get "oft my place,"
commanded the girl to her aunt in de
cided tones. Then she slammed the door.
Nobody moved.. In a moment she re
opened the door and said more forcibly:
"Mrs. Springfield, you will please get
out of my yard. 1 don't want you here."
"Oh, Frankle, Frankie!" exclaimed the
aunt, bursting into tears. "I didn't think
you would treat your poor old aunt like
this. To think that I, who raised you,
should be ordered out of your yard. Oh,
Frankle, Frankle!" "•
The door closed again. Mr. Springfield
came upon the scene, but refused to talk,
referring Attorney Murphy to his law
year, J. A. Louttit of Stockton. He would
not come near hla wife nor even look in
her direction, saying afterward that he
feared she had a revolver or a bottle of
acid In her grip.
"Who is that woman?" she asked,
catching sight of her aunt standing near
the steps.
"Mrs. Springfield," answered the law
yer.
When the party arrived at the Wood
bridge fruit ranch Attorney Murphy
knocked at the cottage door and Miss
Kershaw opened It. In answer to an in
quiry Bhe said Mr. Sprinfefleld was out
in the' orchard.'
LODI, March . 12.— Confronted by the
wife who had followed him across the
continent, Rev. W. Z. Springfield, the al
leged eloper of Spartahsburg, Pa., spent
an uncomfortable quarter of an hour to
day. The meeting, which occurred at the
Woodslde home of Miss Mary F. Ker
shaw, the niece who is charged with hav
ing won the reverend gentleman away
from tho woman to whom he pledged
fidelity for life, was dramatic In the ex
treme. Accompanying Mrs. Springfield
was her attorney, J. M. C. Murphy, and
Justice A. E. Perclval.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Springfield Is Ordered
to Leave Her Niece's
Fruit Ranch.
WIFE CONFRONTS
ELOPING COUPLE
extremely foul. She has been in the water
for more than a year.
Weather- "conditions were favorable.
Captain Converse, U. S. A., who la to be
her commander; Captain Inch, and sev
eral othen'offlcials were on board.
The Newport News Company, the build
ers of the Illinois, expect their latest pro
duction to equal her sister ship, the Ala
bama, both as to speed and fighting quali
ties.
Challenger Will Bs Held in
May Off Cowes.
GLASGOW, March 12.— With the view
of obtaining the best blocks in the mar
ket, Mr. Watson, the designer of the cup
challenger, has placed an order with an
American firm for oil the blocks required
by the Shamrock II.
Car-tain Wrfn?e has arrived here to fit
cat the Shamrock I. The first trial races
tteir.-een the Shamrock II nnd the Sham
rocjt I tvIi; ¦ occur off Cowea, Isle of
Wisfct. in May.
First Trial Races of the New Cup
BLOCKS FOR SHAMROCK
TO BE BOUGHT IN AMERICA
the Official as Commander of
South Atlantic Station.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— Orders were
Issued at the Navy Department to-day
detaching Rear Admiral W. S. Schley
from command of the South Atlantic
ftetion and ordering him home for fur
ther orders, and detaching Hear Admiral
B. J. Cromwell from command of the
Portsmouth navy yard. April 1. and order
ing him to command of the South Atlantic
station, sailing from Now York April 3
Rear Admiral J. J. Read will relieve Ad
miral Cromwell as commandant of the
Portsmouth yard, April 3.
Bear Admiral Cromwell Will Relieve
Fails in His Mission to Adjust Dif
ferences Between Turkish Sultan
and Egyptian Potentate. ;
CONSTANTINOPLE. March 12.— Ahmed
Shefik Bey. the Khedive's secretary, who
was fent here to settle the' differences
between the Sultan of Turkey and the
Khedive of Epypt. will return to Egypt
to-day, his mission having failed. The
Pultan etijmlated as a preliminary of the
s^'Ulement that this brother-In-iaw, Ma
hud Pasha, who nought refuge in Egypt
after bis flight from Turkey late last
year, mim be returned to Constantinople.
The Khedive, however, regarded the guar
antees for Mahud's welfare aa being un
l..l^'-.,.|nrv
SCHLEY ORDERED HOME
TO GET FURTHER ORDERS
Churches Gathered at St. James
cf Toleration.
LONDON. March 12.-King Edward re
ceived a number of addierses from depu
tations representing various churches at
St. James Palace to-<2av. He assured all
that it would .bo his const: \nt care to
maintain religious liberty er.d toleration
8z:d aid in the jirogress of truth, moru.1
ity anil peace. Iteplyir<g to the Quaker
delegation, his Majesty said he prayed
that his reign wouM witness the wide
spread acceptance cf their principles and
tf.e estal.liphment of peace among nation;
and the growth nf mutual help among th»
people ot Great Britain.
KSEDIVE'S SECRETARY TO
RETURN TO NATIVE LAND
KIN3 EDWARD RECEIVES
RELIGIOUS DELEGATES
Assures Representatives of Various
June term. Since ehe has been at- liberty
iiiss Morrison has been clerking in a store
in a near -by town.
When the rase was called in the Circuit
Court to-day MIks Morrison entered the
court room neatly dressed, but had a
careworn expression. 'I he defense asked
that the order to continue be not issued
to-day, as they could not lile a new bond
n\ once. The County Attorney asked for
*n order at once, whereupon Judge Aik
irsan continued the case, and ordered Miss
Mozrisoa committed to jail until her bond
Is approved.
Hurdercss of Mrs. Olin Castle Incar
cerated Pending Second Trial in
Default of Bail.
EI.PORADO, Kan., March 12.— Jessie
Jlorrison. whose first trial last fall for the
durder of Mrs. Olin Castle resulted in no
verdict, was committed to jail to-day in
default of $5 r *0 bail to await a second
trial. The case was set for trial in the
JESSIE MORRISON GOES
FROM CLERKING TO JAIL
NEW BATTLESHIP ILLINOIS. WHICH WAS GIVEN HER BUILDERS' TRIAL TRIP OFF THE VIRGINIA CAPES
YESTERDAY, AND ALTHOUGH NO ATTEMPT WAS MADE TO SECURE EXTRA SPEED THE CONTRACT
REQUIREMENTS WERE EXCEEDED BY TWO-TENTHS OF A KNOT! .
Apropos of Countervailing Duty on
* Eussian Sug-ar Asks "Who
Would Start OneP"
CHICAGO, March 12.— In answer to a
question concerning Jus recent order plac
ing a countervailing', duty -on -Russian
eufjar. Secretary oX the Treasury Gage
said to-day with emphasis:
- "I s*e no* danger of a tariff war. Who
1b coinR to start one? &o far as Germany
find other countries ure concerned, ¦ We
make: our laws and they, make theirs.
Germany can ship goods here subject: to
our regulation* or kaen them at home,
and so can we. The "laws are -made- by
tho people, and it in *Hb duty. of the ex
ecutive officers to enforce them- as* thoy
find them. The Ryisslan sugar case will
probably go to the Beard o£ Appralse
raent. where it belongs.' " : ¦' r - ;• -t-
SECRETARY GAGE DOES 1 .
NOT FEABl TARIFF WAR
;.,:;;.;, - After Battle.
MADRID, March 12— There were riots
at Rlppoli, province of Gerona. Groups
paraded the town with banners Inscribed
••Justice for All" and "Give Us Bread and
Work." The windows of several stores
and houses were shattered with stones.
The police were greeted with showers of
missiles and a shot was fired. . The police
llred a few shots In the air and then
charged and dispersed one band of the
rioter?, but another, composed of women
and children, attacked them desperately.
A man was shot dead and three others
were injured. A lieutenant and a police
man were wounded. The outbreak caused
t?o much alarm that several manufactur
ers left the town with their families. Or
der has now been restored. : \
216b Which Terrorizes Spanish' City
Dispersed; With. Loss of Life •
POLICE CHARGE
BREAD RIOTERS
Railway People Conjecture Tnat It
Will Become Part of Hill's
. Transcontinental Line.
CHICAGO, March 12.— There' was 'a per
sistent rumor in railroad circles to-day to
the effect that the Burlington had been
leaded to the Great Norttern and had
therefore become part of J. J.- Hill's trans
continental line. The Times-Herald to
morrow will eay:
While confirmation regarding 1 the story
could not be obtained, evidences were not
lacking to indicate that there is more
than a grain of truth In the matter. Pres
ident Harris of the Burlington stated that
he had no Information regarding it and
that such a deal might be easily consum
mated by the financial interests of the
road without his knowing it. The lease
which the Harrlman-Hill people are said
to have secured or are about to secure Js
based upon a 7 per cent guarantee of tho
stock. - .
BUBLINGTON ROUTE IS
.RUMORED TO BE LEASED
tion of Platt's Cuban Resolution
Quieting: Down.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— Conditions
in Cuba are said by officials at the War
Department to be improving. . It Is assert
ed that the feeling of unrest, which fol
lowed the adoption of the Platt Cuban
resolution by Ccr.gres^, Is quieting down
and gradually a peaceful condition is be
ing brought about. Confidence is ex
pressed tnat this State of affairs In Cuba
will continue unless something unforeseen
should develop. The ! latest information
received by the department is said to be
reassuring In its tones and leads the offi
cials to believe there will bo no disturb
ances.
"What Cuba wants is rest and- peace,"
said an official discussing the matter,
"and that seems to be the desire of her
people. It is surely our desire."
. Senators Platt and Coekrell are going to
Cuba. Both are members of the Military
Committee and desire to Inform them
selves as to conditions in the island;
Feeling of Unrest Caused by Adop-
CONDITIONS IN CUBA
ARE NOW IMPROVING
Patents Are Issued to Inventors of
California, Oregon and "Wash
ington.
WASHINGTON. March 12.— The follow
inp patents ¦were issued to-day:
California— Grove S. Bartholomew, de
ceased, Los Angeles, E. A. Beck, admin
istrator, hydraulic amalgamating machine
for extracting sold from sand; Charles C.
Henry, assignor one-half to J. A. McMil
lfn, San Francisco, combination crosscut
and circular saw; Don Jackson, Pleasan
ton Grove, name hook; Samuel W. Jack-
son. assignor one-half to S. L. Heisinger,
Selma. heating stove; Charles R. John
ston. Eureka, machine for setting ca'.k-j
In boots and shoes; Frank A. Kelley, Su
san ville. velocipede driving mechanism;
Albion P. Merrill and J. "W. Hays. San
Francisco, telephone: Clarence L. Parker,
Los Angeles, assignor one-half to I. W.
Ross, San Francisco, pump (two patents);
Daniel M. Sc-aton, San Francisco, color
feeder for looms; Quincy 11. Smith. Santa
Ana. bin cabinet: Frank P. Snow, assignor
to Standard Iron and Brass Works, Los
Angeles,' thrust bearing; Arthur A.
Sparks, assignor one-half to C. C." Qulnn,
San Francisco, calendar; Elgin E. Stod
dard. San Francisco, steam generator.
Oregon — Charles W. I>arby. SaleYn, mop
wringer; William W. Endicott, assignor
one-half to S. 13. Hermann, Myrtle Point,
wagon run adjuster.
Washington— Augusta Adler, Tacoma,
tourist stool; Hanson B. Joyce, Seattle,
means for transportation of fish; Ever
•Peterson. Spokane, current wheel."
Charles W. Cottrell has been commis
sioned Postmaster at Washougal, Wash.
The following Postmasters have bfcen
appointed:
Oregon— F. A. Gordon. Juniper, Uma
tlHa County, vice William Savage, re
«>!gne<l; Joseph Truesdale, Medical
Springs, Union County, vice Miss Wright,
removed.
Washington— D. A. GrifHn. Demlng,
Whatcom County, vice E. F. Griffin, re
moved.
The President to-day appointed Mrs.
Frank P. Church Postmaster at San Le
andro, Cal.
Pensions were Issued to-day as follows:
California— Original— William F. Fogar
ty, San Francisco, $8. Increase — William
H. Carpenter, Lcs Angeles, J8.
Oregon— Additional— William Doak, Tha
Dalles, J10.
Washington— Original— Royal . G. Ers
kine. Seattle, 5S. Additional— K. Allen
lirown. Ilwaco. $12. Increase— Peter Wolff,
£outh Park, $12.' Original widows—Corde
lia Phelps, Monroe, $S.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Secretary Wilpon hru? authorized Pro
teFT<yr Moore to create ;hree new forecast
ing divisions, under the general authority
of the last appropriating net. Among tb«
d'visions selected is the Central Rocky
Mountain plateau, wi'.h headquarters at
Denver. a:id it i« understood that Fred
erick H. Urandenburg; of Denver has been
appointed forecaster at that station.
The nns-t cffieScr.t rr.' % tho1 of long distance
transmission bos htin found to be from wire
cylinders. The r-x-TV coaet static** are betng
•qdpped vriih cyBaden cf sixteen wires each
and i<J tees lu length. From Ute^e cylinders
1: Is TTftfffl to cover a ir.ignttic fiflU of not
lets Una C80 milts. The stations now in ope
ration aie at Ha;:<ras «ni at Fluanoke Island.
In the Pa.ir.lW-o found. North Carolina. Work-
Bun »-* lxpinnir.fr th«" construction of a Fta
ti.in at Caj* llei)ry which Will t-e the third
elation. When this is finished the fro remote
ftatlon* •will »ie 127 jr.ilrs apart. The three
j-o;nt« now arc connected by a Government
trlepraph lit*', hut t!.is line will be abandoned
on the completion of <he Cape H<*nry station.
This, incidentally, v.ill save the expense of
rnali.trr.ance of a half dozon repair Flattens.
WASHINGTON, March 12.— Secretary
Wilson of the Agricultural Department
is pushing the wireless telegraphy ex
periments cJong the Virginia and North
Carolina coasts. The work Is beinsr dona
by Secretary Wilson's direction, under the
linmcdiate supervision *)i Professor Wiil'.s
L. Moore, chief cf th* Weather Bureau,
l'rcfes^or Moore made'lhe following state
ment to-day regarding the results of the
experiments so far conducted:
Experiments in Wireless Telegraphy
Progressing Favorably Along 1 Vir
ginia and North Carolina Ccasts
Under Professor Moore.
Long Distance Transmis
sion Successful With
Wire Cylinders.
WILSON DIRECTS
MAGNETIC TRIALS
CHICAGO, March 12. — Two men wera
killed and eight others injured in a rear
end collision early to-day between a time
freight and a stock train on the Chicago
and Northwestern at Arlington Heights, a
suburb of this city. The dead:
OTTO SCHMIDT, stockman. Palatine.
111.
GUS BLOCK, stockman, Johnson Creex.
Wls.
Tho Injured: James H. Wilson. Fort At
kinson, Wis.; G. W. Worthington, Oak
Center, WIs.; Charles Jstoller, Jonesvitle,
W1».J probably fatally; Edward Weber.
Rlchwood. Wls.; W. B. Steveaa. Sharni:.
WIs.; J. Bush, trainman, seriously;
Johnson, trainman, seriously; J. W.
Worthy. Oak Center, Wls.
The caboose of the stock train con
tained fourteen stockmen, and "most cf
them were asleep when the train stopped
at Arlington Heights to take on two ear*
of stock. Suddenly tho time freight from
St. Paul crashed into the stock train ca
boose and ploughed through Into the next
car ahead. Instantly the wreck took tin.
The crash aroused the village, and the
volunteer fire department responded to
the rescue and extinguished the flamo*
and assisted in taking out -the dead and
Injured. The caboose and three cars wer»
burned and a number of nead of stoc.t
killed. The doors of the other cars cor—
talnlng stock were in the meantime opened
and the frightened animals allowed to
run at large. A relief tialn was started
from Chicago aa soon as the wreck w?«
reported. According to an official state
ment given out by the Chicago and North,
western Railway general office, the acci
dent was due to gross carelessness on tho
part of the crew cf the freight train,
who. it Is claimed, must have run by at
least two danger signals.
Chicago With Appalling Rssults.
Stock and Freight Trains Crash Near
McKEESPORT. Pa., March i:.-Tha
McKeesport brewing plant, valued at
SlOO.COO, was completely demolished this
morning by an explosion of the "cooker."
Two persons were kilted and two Injured
by the collapss of the building following
the explosion, and one man Is missing.
Another man. who was standing on a
freight car watching the rescues at
work, fell from, the car and was killed by
a passing engine. The dead:
WILLIAM FIERKIE, watchman.
MATTHEW MARR, brewer.
JAME3 KREiSMAN. brakeman.
The injured: Patrick Spencer, Mrs.
Spencer.
The terrific force of the explosion com
pletely demolished the large brick struc
ture. One wall fell on the Spencer dwell
ing adjoining, and the occupants were
buried in the ruins. Patrick Spencer way
badly crushed end may die. His wife was
cut and bruised, but not dangerously
hurt. James Varbaugh. an employe oi
the National Tube Company, who was
seen in the vicinity just before the explo
sion. Is missing.
The cause of the explosion is not known.
CABELESSUESS CAUSES WRECK.
Terrific Shock Shatters Wall3 and
One Falls on Adjoining Dwell
ing, Badly Crushing Han
and Bruising His Wife.
Brewery Cooker Bursts, De
molishing Plant and
Irjuring Many.
TWO LOSE LIFE
IN EXPLOSION
HONOLULU, March 5.— The session of j
the Hawaiian Senate this afternoon broko ;
up in a row. -All the foienoon the Senate j
was discussing Achi'a lesolutlon for a me
morial to the United Slates Concress for
appointing a constitutional convention In
Hawaii, with a view to statehood.
It was approved by tlie Home Hule ma
jority. William White of Maul moved
that the resolution be rejected. The dis
cussion was resumed in the afternoon sit
ting.
A vote was taken at 2:30 when the reso
lution was rejected on the ayea and noea,
8 to 7. Kanuha of Hawaii voted with "tlu
polid six" Republicans.
President Kussel said "aye" when his
name was called. Cecii Brown rose and
protested that the president had no rgnt
to vote excepting in case of a tie.
Dr. Russel called the Senator to order.
Drown refused to come to order. I will
speak, If I choose, until I am black In
tne face," he shouted.
"Then I shall call upon the sergeant-al
arms to put you down," calmly observe!
tne president. •
"Call your *ergeant-at-arms," vociferat
ed the veteran Honolulu legislator. Brown
has been a member of nearly every Legis
lature.In the Hawaiian Islands for twenty
years past. ,
"Mr. Brown Is out of order, remarked
President Ruasel. "Will tho sergeaot-a
arms remove him from the room?'
Sergeant-at-Arms David K. Kabaulello.a
gigantic Hawaiian, camo • ut of his corner
and advanced to the side of Brown's deis*.
"Don't lay your hands on me," com
manded Brown, with a determined glare
and shaking- his hand at the officer.
Kalaucrtcalani, the Home Rule leader, at
this juncture moved that the Senate ad
journ. This carried in a. flash, and thi*
Senators dispersed without any turmjll
or subsequent dispute within the building.
Senate's Quarter* Poor.
Nothing of great Importance has taken
place In the Hawaiian Legislature since
last report. The legislative department
has taken another fall out of the execu
tive department, but the incident has
caused scarcely a ripple. This was con
nected with suitable accommodations for
the Senate. • - _
In preparing for the session the Gov
ernment repeated the arrangements of
sessions of the Legislature of the repub
lic of Hawaii. Before that came Into ex
istence the legislative hall of the mon
archy had been transformed by the Pro
vlstonal Government -Into military bar
racks.
Under the republic the House of Rep
resentatives occupied the old throneroom,
of the Iolanl Palace, changed to the Ex
ecutive Building In name. This is a cham
ber fit for any legislative body In the
world as to style and dignity.
The Senate, though supposed to be the
superior body, was planted in the main
upstairs hallway of the palace. Its walls
were low screens of papfer macho similar
to what Is seen In winerooms. The corral
lay right In the tracks leading to the of
fices of tho President, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, Attorney General and Auditor
General. There was no exclusion of the
sounds of people going freely about busi
ness upon that floor.
This Is the sort of quarters that Gover
nor Dole saw lit to place at the disposal
of the Senate of the first Legislature of
the Territory of Hawaii. The space
amounted to perhaps one-fourth of the
area occupied by the territorial executive
himself, with the same proportion to the
Attorney General's suite of offices, and
about one-half of the floor space the Sec
retary of the Territory has for hi3 pri
vate office alone.
There was absolutely no possibility of
the Senate holding an executive session
in even ordinary privacy, let alone strict
secrecy. Moreover, as a matter of fact,
the Senators while engaged In the public
business were frequently disturbed by
loud conve»satlon outside the flimsy and
low panels, as well as occasionally re
galed with a lively whistling concert.
Ten days of this sort of accommoda
tion proved enough. The Senate appoint
ed a committee to confer with the Gover
nor with the object of obtaining a suitable
place of meeting. The best the Governor
could offer was the upper floor of King
Kalakaua's old bungalow In the yard of
the Capitol. It had been occupied for sev
eral years by the Officers' Club of the Na
tional Guard of, Hawaii. . Old and rotten,
with a crazy, narrow staircase, it was
really little of an improvement, especially
with regard to dignity, yet it was cheer
fully accepted. At all events it confers
some degree of comfort and privacy as
compared with the breezy hallway of the
This satisfactory closing of the Incident
is another evidence of the tractablllty and
the reasonablenes»*-or. rather, the inborn
politeness of the Intelligent native Ha
waiian. A white majority seized with a
spark of American Independence would
have made no bones about compelling one
of the high officials to vacate his sumpt
uous apartments temporarily for the ac
commodation of the people's higher rep
resentative assembly.
Departmental Clashes.
There seems no end to the little clashes
between the Federal and Territorial au
thorities over acommodatlons. The latest
Is caused by the modest request of the
Collector of Internal Revenue, Mr. Cham
berlain, that the Government construct an
arch between the two apartments com
posing his offices. All the satisfaction he
receives is a growl from the Superintend
ent of Public Works, uttered in the Gov
ernor's semi-weekly council, that the Ter
rHory has more pressing Improvements of
its own desirable without money where
with to make them.
Stimulated by a letter from Secretary
Hitchcock, conveying the complaint of a
pauatter on public land at Olaa, Island of
Hawaii. Governor Dole has brought to the
attention of his council complaints that
had reached him directly regarding Sun
day labor on sugar plantations. The mat
ter was referred to the Attorney General
with instructions to have, the law en
forced.
Both houses of the Legislature have set
tled into business. A large number of bills
have been introduced in House and Senate
each. Many are for law amendments de
signed to reconcile the old codea to. new
conditions- Others Involve radical depart
ures in such subjects as municipal insti
tutions, regulation of the liquor traffic and
taxation.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Bussell's Vote Causss Reaction of
Achi's Proposal to Petition Con
gress to Appoint Constitution
al Convention in Island.
President's Right to Vote on
Resolution Is Contested
by Cecil Brown.
LIVELY ROW IN
HAWAIIAN SENATE
ble agitation, and the game arrived at a
sudden close.
"Yes. I'm Carrie Nation." said the re
doubtable saloon-smasher, as she made a
lunge forward at some of the bottles en
the table. After some heroic efforts on
the part of the men, Mrs. Nation and her
followers were ejected.
Whist Players Visited by
Reformer and Refresh
ments Imperiled.
Tcpeka Club Not Proof Against, the
Saloon-Smasher's Entrance, but
She Is Soon Shown
the Way Out.
TOPEKA, Kans.. March 12.— Mrs. Na
tion visited tho Topeka Club, a fashiona
ble men's organization, to-night and cre
ated considerable consternation among the
members before she was summarily, eject
ed. Mrs: Nation was accompanied by two
of her followers, Mrs. Frost and Mrs.
White. Six of the members of tha club
were seated in one of the upper rooms of i
the club house enjoying a social game of
whist. They had a couple of bottles of
wine and some beer on the gaming table
and were bavins a real social time when
one of the members lonked up and saw ¦
thrre women in the room.
••Mrp. Nation!" he cried with considera-
GAME STOPS FOR
CARRIE NATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, : MARCH 13, 1901
Successful Builders' Trial Trip Held and Sixteen and
, ; Two=Tenths Knots Recorded.
NEW BATTLESHIP ILLINOIS
EXCEEDS CONTRACT SPEED
If You navo Dyspepsia
.Send nomoney.but write* nr.Shoop.nftPlnr.Wlft.
,boxl3..ror t\xt bottles of Dr.Shodp'ii'Meatoraiiv
cxprcss i>ald. If cured.pay J3.IO-lf not.it In free*
2
ADVERTISElO:yTS.
HEART DISEASE. .
Borne Facts Hegarding the Eapid In-
crease of Heart Trouble.
Heart trouble, at least among the Azner-
1<-arj5. is certainly increasing, nnd while
this may fco largely due to the excitement
and wciry cf Am^riran business life it is
more often tho result of weak stomachs
of po<T diRcstlon. ' f !
Ucal organic disease is incurable; but i
rot one case In a hVindred of heart trouble
Is orcanic.
The close relation between heart trouble
and poor riiffpstion is because both organs
are controlled by the same preat nerve?
th<? Sympathetic and Pneurur.pastrlc
In another way, also the heart is afTect-
pd by the form of yoor digestion which
Cftfaes sas and fermentation from half
digested food. There Is a foellnp of op-
pretsion and heaviness in the cheat caused
by prcxFure of the distended stomach on
the heart and lungs, interfcrinjr with their
cmi.ji.; hence arises palpitation and short
breath.
Poor cig-pf-tlon alfio poisons the Mood
makinp It thin an<I watery, which irritates
and weakens the heart.
• The raost ??nFlble treatment for heart
trouble 's to improve the digestion and to
lrpure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be dene by the regular use
after meals of some Fafe. pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stuart's
I>yspep£la Tablets, which may • be foiind
ot most druc stores and 'Which- contain
valuable, harmless directive elements in a
pleasant, convenient form.
It is j<afe-to Kay that the • regular per-
eSstent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tableta
at mealtime .will cure any forzn of stom-
a.cti trouble except cancer of the stomach.
. Full sized package of these tablets nolrl
by (IrufrgiPtP at 50 cents. Little book on
Etomacn trouble mailed free. 'Address F.
A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich. \ - • .
i „ - li.,,., jfc.-iii ii tfiiiM «»M«»if nlltffTstwW* 1 .'<-.' '. ."_ , .
ADVEBTISEMEETS.
March
April May
This heading suggests the time for the
whole family to take a Spring Medi-
cine, also the only one • to take-
Hood's Sarsaparilla.
It removes every impurity, every after-
grip weakness and poison, cures
even the most stubborn Scrofula and
Salt Rheum— as proved by thou-
sands of testimonials — sharpens the
appetite, tones the stomach and
nerve3. ¦-'•;-.
In short, it's the best t medicine ever
made for Spring conditions.
It 13 the best possible for vou to take
this Spring. Get a bottle and have
the whole family begin taking it to-
day.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the Best Medicine Money Can Bay.
graa'v^TWO QUAUTICS^Wr^Cj
Bra Bjfl i J;V<*'^^ <^ : . ,
®V1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MIN
MORMON BISHOP'S PXIAS
have been In use over City
years by the leaders of th*
Mormon Church and th«tr fol-
lowers. Positively euro th*
-worst canes In old and rounj
arising; from effects of a«lt-
•buse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cur* Ix»t
Manhood. Impotency. Lov
Power. Night Louse*. Innotr.,
nla. Pain* In Back. EtII Desire*. -Lain* Back:
Nervous Debility. Headacbe, Unntn«"!>s to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. » Vartcocele or Con-
•tipatlon. Stops Ne*5 CJ "voas Twltchl=\
of Eyelids. KCectsi^jrLa r * Immediate.
Impart vigor and CE ™ TS potency to every
function. Don't eet despondent: a> eur« Is at
hand. Revtore small, undeveloped orcana.
Stimulate the brbin and nerve- centers: SOo a
box: « for lioO.by mall. A written rjanw««»
to cure or money refunded irltb < bores. Cir-
culars free. A<!dres<. BISHOP REMEDT COu
4fr Ellis St.. Ban Praneineo. CaL GRANT
DRUO CO.. SS and 40 Third st.
ygsV^^tV'say'^^sV^laV^^aV^^fc^^^
2) visit OR. JORDAN'S great »
imsseuh of mmm\
\ . rf' . The Lsrgnt Ai«toeii«sl Ma»m Intte \
? £e^s£& «iwM«pcsiuw«r«^»« sl ''J'« h<50Ui « tt X
O'l^&h **• -WuttS-KfiAIfi 5iS£AS£S $
\ *€£s<£vB Ce.wa>»tfcm ft-" and ztri--*r P'i^ite \
<O a la&rB T n »¦"«>• pn»i>*» «* b r •«««•- A B
\ SL ff lS P Jtt*.tn* CVro In trterf cue mulirtmli e». T
Ami lift WrtefefBook.»«la.O*0«l*«f4
5» 3 !j !J*f roVfiai.ioj-:. maizxs fazs. 4Af
X R If va'uaMe hv.h fef nx-a/ A
V SilZ. KiBSAS «£ S2©_. K3t 4Xarfeet3t.,S. F. if
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
|Foi*"th© ro?j of Gonorrhoea.- Cle»t«.
Stricture* i»nd analoConr. comnlalnt*
.of th.> Orfti^« of Genepution.
rrice *1 a bcttle. For sale fcy druszlst«-Bills Passed by. Assembly.
SACRAMENTO, ilarch 12.— The follow-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 12.-Senate bill 552, creat
ing the office of Game Commissioner for
the State and prescribing his duties, was
passed by the Assembly this morning' and
Is ready to go to the Governor. There
were 46 votes for it and 16 against it. The
Game Commissioner. • to be appointed #by
the Governor, will hold office at the pleas
tjre of the Governor and shall serve with
out compensation. - • .
State Game Commissioner.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 12.— Lieutenant Governor
Neff. in pursuance of a concurrent resolu
tion introduced early In the session and
providing for the appointment of a legis
lative reception committee to meet Presi
dent McKinley. has appointed Senators
Selvage, Devlin. Smith of Ix>s Angeles.
Davis. Ashe, Loavltt and Luchslnger to
form the committee. '
The resolution, which was Introduced'by
Selva^re. provided for a committee com
posed of seven Senators, nine Assembly
men, the President and President pro tern,
of the Senate and the Speaker and
Speaker pro tem. of the Assembly. The
duty of the committee will be to receive
and to welcome the President and his
party at the State Capitol. Two thousand
dollars will be provided for expenses.
Senate Committee.
Lieutenant Governor Neff Names the
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 12.-The Senate bill cre
ating a State text book commission and
defining its powers and duties was passed
by the Assembly this morning by a vote
of aS ayes, not an opposing vote being
heard.
The bill embodies a radical change in
the present system, in placing the selec
tion of State text books directly in the
hands of two commissioners, subject,
however, to the -approval of the State
Board of Education. It further provides
for the purchase or lease of copyrights,
making It possible for the commissioners
to obtain for the State series the best
books of Eastern publishers Instead of
being compelled to have books compiled
for the series.
The bill carries an appropriation of
120,000 for carrying out the provisions of
the act. It taices effect Immediately. If It
meets with the approval of the Governor.
m '
TO WELCOME MR. McKINLEY.
Assembly.
No Negative Vote Recorded in the
TEXTBOOK BILL IS PASSED.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 12.— The primary law
was the subject of an hour's debate In
the Senate to-night, at the end of which
Cutter's amendment was adopted and the
bill went to third reading. The heart of
the primary law Is the test, and It was
with the test clause that the Assembly
tinkered when the bill was under consid
eration In the Lower House. The orig
inal test was that a man. when he went
to vote at a primary, should signify which
party he would support at the next gen
eral election, and he would then be given
a ballot for that party. The Assembly
amplifies this Into the Johnson test, which
required. In addition, that the would-be
voter should make oath that he believed
in the principles of the party he was es
pousing at the primary.
The Senate would not accept the As
sembly bill In that shape, and Cutter's
amendment to restore the original and
simpler test passed. The amendment, and
the bill as well, were opposed by Short
rldge. Selvage and Luken?, and supported
by Devlin, Sims. Davis, Wolfe and Cald
well. ->-'
Primary Elections Bill.
Objects to an Amendment to tho
SENATE WILL HOT SECEDE.
clubman a free sw«p at him. came before
the Senate to-day and passed to thinl
reading after dodghig three wholesome
amendments. The first was to strike out
the section which iorWds a man to have
In his possession more than a certain
number of quail or deer. It was shown
that the provision would most effectually
prevent the sale of the toothsome quall
cn-toapt. because no restaurant-keeper
could have more than a very limited
quantity it: his possession at one time.
The amendment was lost. So was another
similar in intent to it. There was a third
amendment striking out the provision -
which forbids the sale of quail and deer. ;
but this, too, was lost and then the bill
went to third reading.
As it stands now the man who wants to
have a quail for dinner must go out ani
shoot it. It was claimed this measure
was for the purpose of protecting quail
and deer and It was announced and was
uncontradicted that at best It was a meas
ure intended to be of temporary effect
and to be repealed at some future session
of the Legislature.
MENTO. March 12.— T!;-?. Asri»mMy. b!!l
from the Committee o* Fish and Game,
which seeks to protect the Inoffensive
quail from the huntrr so as i?/nJTrt 1^*
Senate Passes the Fish and Gaic* BUI
to Third Bead!ag>
CALL HEADQUARTERS. RACHj*-
Bill Signed by Governor an Aid to
Big Tree Movement.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 12.— Mrs. A. D. Sharon.
who worked fo persistently In Washington
for the passage of some measure by which
Congress could acquire the big tree groves
of Calaveras. came to Sacramento last
evening to continue her work before the
Legislature. Congress failed to pass the
act desired, but Mrs. Sharon was advised
to have some law extending the right of
eminent domain over public parks passed
by the Legislature. Sh«» made an attempt
to have a bill to that effect passed in the
Assembly, but there was other business
there which prevented its Introduction, so
ehe came over to the Sennte and spoke
to Davff. Then it was found that already
a bill with the desired provision ha«l been
signed by the Governor.
In Davis' Senate bill. 36. providing for
the extension of the rights of eminent do
main to harbors. Inserted in the interest of
Belvedere, there is a provision for the ac
quisition of public parks. Before the ques
tion of the Calaveras grove came ud to
the Legislature, and while the proposition
to change the law for the benefit of Belve
dere was under discussion, it waa found
that there was no provision for acquiring
public parks, and It was decided to put it
in.
Xext to having Congress pass an appro
priation measure for acquiring the groves,
a law placing the groves within the rights
of eminent domain was what was wanted,
and instead of having to put It through
the Legislature at the last moment Mrs.
Sharon found the case had alreadv been
provided for.
IEEE SWEEP FOB CLUBMEN
STATE MAY ACQUIRE PABKS.
Ires immediately upon notice srlven by the
Harbor Commissioners that the terms of the
lease had been violated and that possession
j was demanded.
. 5. The company to agree to co-operate to se- '
cure i'p^edy termination of any litigation.
C. The company to furnish a bond of JKO.OOO. j
Cowan raised, the point of order that the
lease could oniy c» ratirted or refused
ratification by the Legislature and could
not be changed-, or amended. Speaker
Penuleton ruled that the point was well
taken.
Savage and Cowan took turns in tearing
to pieces the l^gal fabric that Johnson
r>ad woven. They slio\*cd that any con
tract waiving constitutional rights of re
course to 'courts and. of appeal to higher
courts was not valid.
Melick made a strcr:g arsximent from
an economic standpoint. He^sald that
there had been no revenue from China
Basin and there was no prospect of any
I if the leare were not ratitWl. The State
would got net from this portion of the :
seawall what It got press elsewhere.
Cowan Answers Johnson.
Cowan made a strong legal argument,
answering Johnson jn detail. On the
economic features, h'r said, he took off
his hat to the commercial bodies of San
Francisco. They were never on the side
of wrong and always stood for the cause
of g-ood g-overnment.; Nowhere, he said,
could bodies of more reliable or repre
sentative men be round.
Sutro stated the questions ln
1 volved with convincing force, showing
/ graphically what tlf« State would obtain
! and making a strong appeal on the ground
\ of the crying necessity for increased dock
j Ing facilities. Macbeth expressed doubts
as to the wisdom of jthe lease. Feliz spokj
for the bill and Johuson and Brown closed
the argument. The result was beyond
doubt before the roll call had proceeded
far.
Sutro's Able Argument.
Assemblyman Suiro, who was elected to
the Legislature to represent a district that
is overwhelmingly Ropubllcan In senti
ment, commanded the attention of the As
j sembly by his masterly and convincing ar
j guxn»-nts in support of the bill. His course
in sustaining the commercial bodies of
San Francisco will be commended by the
citizens of the mftronolls In general and
In particular by the Tvople of the Forty
first district- The merchants and business
men of the city wlil contrast his honor
able career in the A?fembly with tho
skulking conduct of the ravenous Wolfe
in the Senates
The advocates of the lease were as
sured yesterday that the ratification
would prevail, yet the affirmative vot^
was larger than oxDected. The trend of
the hesitating vote t.» the winning sids
was accounted for by the fact that Gov
ernor Gate exprppsed a hope that the
lease would be ratified.
In h!s speech against ratification As
semblyman Johnson warned members
ajrainat the seductive influences of the
lobby and referred to the actlvltv of
State officers in advocacy of the measure,
but he did not explain why certain South
ern Pacific Railroad influences had been
enlisted to defeat the lease.
two men back with him. The Intoxicated
pair had remained at the scene of the
Sheriff Thorn has taken the captive
highwayman. Dibble, from lone to Wal
lace, where the preliminary • hearing and
inquest will be held.
firing with his pistol until he emptied it.
As he was growing weak from, loss of
blood, he retreated to his carriage with
his companions and was driven home. The
would-be robber still clutched his emp-.y
pistol when found.
Ing bills were passed by the Assembly to
night:
By Hanen— Appropriating $T0CO for an elec
tric light plant and I40OO for an Ice machine
at the Mendocino £ta.te Hospital.
By Stewart of Amador— Appropriating ITOCO
for an lmi>roveil water system at the Preston
Sohool of Industry at lone.
By Broughton— Appropriating $13,000 in all
for the purchase of sewing machines, bath
tubs and library books for Whlttler State
School, Los Angele* County. \
By Anderson of Santa Clara— Appropriating
$C5,W0 for various improvements at the State
Normal School at San Jow. S ..
By Broughton— Appropriating JU0O for the
purchase of livestock at Whlttler State School.
Reports are conflicting as to all that oc
curred in the next few seconds, but Hol
man received the wound that caused hi3
death.* While reeling backward he fired
his gun, the charge striking his assailant
in the knee Joint, almost severing the leg.
Holman then steadied himself and began
trouble awaiting his return. Holman led
the way, carrying: his shotgun. When
near the larger man he said: "You are my
prisoner."
THE LATE DEPUTY SHERIFF SAMUEL J. HOLMAN OF CALVVERAS
COUNTY AND MRS. HOLMAN. THE BRAVE OFFICER. MORTALLY
WOUNDED. SUCCEEDED IN KILLING ONE OF HIS ASSAILANTS.
SAN AXDREAS, March 12.-Furtn
er details of Sunday night's fight
between the supposed despera
does, Fred Braun and Lou's
Dibble, on the one side, an1
Deputy Sheriff Samuel J. Holman on th?
other, throw new li«ht upon the affair.
From the stories told to the county peace
officials by witnes=e?, it appears that Hol
man partly provoked the trouble that cost
him his life. It is said now that both of
the supposed highwaymen were intoxicat
ed and as a joke held up the two pedes
trians on the Wallace road. Holman was
not inclined to enter into the spirit of tho
thing and upbraided them severely.
Hot words passed and Holman jumped
from his horse ar.d engaged one of the
men in a fist fight. Then he tried to ar
rest both of them. They refused to b«
arrested and dared him to come back.
Holman proceeded to Wallace and got
a shotgun and two pistols, besides taking
Hold Up Pedestrians for Sport and Resist When Deputy
Holman Attempts Their Arrest.
th* leas* rave tw*n fulfilled.
2. An arrr-emrnt upon $100,000 as liquidated
damans :a czsc cf ncn-fulf.Ilment of the con
dition* oJ th* leas* on the part of company.
3. The company will waive all appeal to
Cnjt*^ States i~ourt» In case cf litigation.
4. The cornrary to agrp« to vacate the prem-
In conclusion Johnson • offered six
amendments, in the form of a proviso, to
be added to the I»>ase that it should not
V>e effective until the following conditions
had been complied with:
1. Th» company to concede to the Harbor
Corr.Tr.if eI oners full poxrer to <J«?d<3e all ques-
Offers Six Amendments.
"I undertake to say— and I challenge
refutation — that this lease does not pro
tect the rights cf the State: that its ful-
I.'.iment is not assured: that its transfer
to the Southern Pacific Company is not
prevented. It is like a jug handle— all on
< ne side. The company get valuable prop
erty, the State nothing. It is a curious
fact that employes of the State are here
conducting a vigorous lobby for this bill."
Continuing. Johnson said he understood
that h» was talking against a majority,
but he begged his colleagues not to yield
to the "seductive Influences" of the lobby.
Johnson argued that nothing in the lease
prevented another road from absorbing
the Santa Fe Company through a default
cf the latter in the payment of the In
terest on its bonds and the subsequent
purchase of it under foreclosure proceed
ings. Such absorption would carry with
it the lease. He said there was no penalty
for non-fulfillment of the terms of the
contract, and that litigation would be
endless.
'"The bill Is one of unusual importance."
Johnson bepan. "because of the unusual
U Qgtb of the lease; because of the hys
terical editorials that have been written
about it. and because of the unnecessary
heat that attended its debate in the Sen
ate.
Johnson oi>ened the contest when the
Mil came ::p at 2:30 p. ra. by demanding
that the measure be explained. Brown of
Fan Mateo, who introduced the corre-
Fpondiritr Assembly bill, paid no apology
¦was due frcm him for bringing up the
measure at that time. He said the bill
had the support of all the commercial
bodies of San Francisco. It had bfen
drawn by compftent attorneys and had
*>«?n under consideration for a long- tirn«*.
The rights of the State were amply pro
t* < ted
Thtre were two provisions in the bill.
Brown one comirmlng leases
made by the Harbor Commissioners with
in a period of two years prior to the pas
sape of the act and the other specifically
ratifying ar.d confirming the lease of
<~hina .Basin to tl;** San Francisco and San
Jo-jquin Valley Railway Company. Brown
*r:t<»r^-d at some length Into a discussion
nf the le^al ami economic questions in
v.t!ved. Then Johnson took the floor.
Brown Explains the BUI.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 12.— Senate bill 3S2, con-
Uraine ar.d ratifying the lease of China.
EasJri. Tvas passed by the Assembly this
Fitemoca by a vote that swept the op
position away as If by an avalanche.
Johnson offered the only argument mada
cgair.st the bill. IJe spoke for nearly an
hour SLnd offered amendments that were
Z'.ixnfy pretenses, aimed at killing the
measure; and when It was all over there
was a poor baker's dozen. Including nirn-
Felf. to vote against the bill, while sixty
or.e members voted for It.
The members who voted "no" were:
lirady. Chiles. Collins, ilvatt. Franklin,
ciretr. Hasson. Henry. Hubbard. John
eon. K.ir.eaid, Laird and Simpson. Of
these Brady. Collins, Evatt. Franklin and
lipnry are San Francisco members, who
chose to Ignore the wishes of the com
mercial bodies of San Francisco. Hourl
jran was present, but refused to vote.
Kr.lsrht ana Treadwell voted only on the
call of the absentees, and then with re
luctance they c&j=t their votes for the
measure. These were the men who were
fo solicitous lest the Interests of the
State were not properlv protected ia the
lease.
The following members cast the affima
tlve votes: Anderson of Solano. Ander
ron of Santa Clara. Atherton. Barnes,
Bauer, Benr/.r.k. Berry, BUs?, Brouphton,
Ifrown of San Francisco, Brown of San
Mateo. Carter. Cavagnaro. Chandler.
Clarke, Cowan. Cromwell, Dunlap. Fellz.
Fisk. Cans. Guilfoyle. Halev. Hanen.
Higrby. Irish, Irving, James, John, Kel
ley, Kr.ieht, Knowland, Levinson. Mac
beth. Mattr.5. McLatirrhlln. McNeil. Mc
¦vv «Je. a Melick. Merritt. MUlce, Miller.
Myers. Radcliff. Ralston. Ray, Roberts,
Rutherford. Savage. Schillig. Schlesin
*.er. Sheridan. Stewart of San Diego.
Stewart of Amador, Sutro. Treadwell,
Walker, Webber, Williams, Wright. Pen
dleton.
FpecUl Dispatch to Tfce Call.
Only Eleven Members Sup
port Jo&Dson in His
Opposition.
Assembly Ratifies by
an Overwhelming
Majority.
CHINA BASIN
BILL GOES TO
THE GOVERNOR
There was a call of the absentees, a
call of the house and numerous vain at
tempts to dispense with further proceed
ings under the call of the house. Speaker
Pendleton made the mistake, from his
point of view, of declaring a recess at
12 o'clock, during the call of the house,
and at 2 o'clock, ¦when the Assembly re
convened, he was forced to declare the
call of the hou«e at ;in end. thoueh not
enoujrh men had been hunted out and
whipped into line to carry the bill.
Cowan offered an amendment to permit
the assessment of a franchise In the
county where "it is held. This was lost
by a tie vote of 35 to 35. An amendment
of this sort will be conceded to-morrow
to the opponents of the bill.
Cowan's Amendment Lost.
"I have every confidence In our As
sessor, lie is not like many others of
the State who are bending to corpora
tions 'the pregnant hinges of th« knee
that thrift may follow fawning.' Why
are the lobbyists of the railroad here
lending aid to the passage of this bill,
holding out the inducement of their fa
vor to those who will help pass it?"
Fisk was .astonished that any one
should say the bill was a corporation
measure. It simply established a uni
form rule for assessment of franchisee
throughout the State. The amendment
was lost by a vote of 2S ayes to 34 noes.
Dunlap offered an amendment eliminat
ing this provision, by request of the As
sessor of San Joaauin County, who had
told him the passage of the bill would
mean a decrease in tlie assessment roll
of that county of between $200,000 an-1
$400,000. Fisk and Johnson made facetious
remarks about the Assessor of San
Joaquin County, and Dunlap retorted w.tn
anger:
The railroad leaders on the floor have
decided to agree to certain amendments,
which. It Is hoped, will conciliate some of
the country member/, and, armed with
these, they will ren.rar the conflict to
morrow. The opponents of the bill will
try to keep their forces In solid array,
and there Is prospect 01 U second pro
lonj^u struggle.
. •" Object- to the Measure.
The bill In question provides that the
franchise* of all quasi-public corporation^
except railroads shall be assessed in the
county in which such corporations hav«s j
their principal places jf business. Rail
roads are excepted. r.s such assessment
must be made by the -State Board vt
Equalization. The bill provides further
that "in the assessment of franchises of
a corporation the assessable value there
of shall be ascertained by taking from
the full cash value of its entire issued
capital stock the full cash value of all
other property assessed to it."
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 12.— Tne Southern Pa
cific bill regulating the assessment of
franchises brought on a combat In ihe
Assembly to-day. It ;x known as Senate
bill 483. Nearly all of '.he morning session
was devoted to it and a half hour of the
afternoon. In the most stubborn contest
of this legislative session. The "good
dogs" and the independents were lined up
as they, have not yet bi.en on any measure,
and In the end the coloration men were
routed. They could muster but thirty
seven votes for the 'bill, and Fisk was
forced to change from aye to no in order
to give notice of a motion to reconsider.
This made the final vote stand: Ayes, 3C;
noes, 3S.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fisk Gives Notice of a Motion to He
consider and the Fight Will Be
Renewed in To-Day*s *
Session.
Assembly Votes Down Meas
urt Regulating Fran
chise Assessments.
RAILROAD BILL
MEETS DEFEAT
JOKE OF INTOXICATED MEN
LEADS TO WALLACE TRAGEDY
THE SAX FUANCiSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13, -/1901.
3
OCEAN TRAVIX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m. Steamer<i l»iv» Broadway
jfth^ wharf. Fan Francisco:
rHjw. For Alaskan Fnrz~ — 11 a. m.,
I|5»S&). March 7. 1?. 17. K. *7. April I.
tjj*>rt«^Kj£X Change tr> company's st?arr:«rs
I r»»5«?*Ja* For v !<"tor!a. Var.rouv«r ITt.
JMaKfcf^Srti* r - ). Port Tcwnsend. P»a;t>.
Q/ Taooma, Everett. Anaeortes
and New Whatwsra (wash.>—
11 a. ra.. March 7. 12. 17. n. 27.
April 1. and every fifth day thereafter. ChanK«
at Seattle for this company'* steamers for
Alaska »Rd G. X. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacosia to
N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eur'ka. Hnrabo!dt Bay— 2 p. ra.. March
9. 14. 19. !4. *J, April J. and every flJth day
thereafter.
For San Dlfco. stopplnir only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Loa Angeles and R«dondo <Lei An-
*•!»..)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 ». m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Fnndaya. 9 a. ra.
For Fant» Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
nr&s. Port Rarford <San Lais ObispoK Gavtnta.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Haen-me, San Pedro.
East San Pedro CLcs Anre!es> and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. ra. ; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesday". 9 a. m.
For Knuenada. Maedalena Bar. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. I-a Pax. Santa Rosalta
and Guaymaa (Mex.) — 19 a. ra.. 7th each rr.cnth.
For further Information cttain company' ¦
fcldera.
Th» cotnpanv reserves th» rlgSt t» ehanz*
Kteamers. valllnc dates and hours of Mtlinff
without rir^vtou* notice.
TICIvET OFFICE -I New Montgomery
street (Palace IToten.
GOODALL. PKIIKINS ft CO.. Gen. >art«..
TO Market St.. Pan FraneUcw.
THE 0. R. & II. GO.
xhsvatch fas? sTEAarcns to
From Spear-street "Wnarf at 11 i. n.
C* DC S!2 First Class Including BertS
iAnC S% Second Clas* and Meals.
COI.tTMBIA Mils Mar. It 25. Apr. *
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 9. V>. 23. Apr. i
Short Line to Wal!a Walla. Spokane. Batte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to atJ points East.
E. C. WARD. General Arent.
1 Montgomery *t>
AMERICAN LINE.
trrf TtffelC KCCTHAKPTOS. L03TD0S. TXVIX
Sto?ctn? at CherbotttT. westbound.
From New Ycrk Every Wed=e»<!3y at 10 a. ra.
New Tork .Mar. S»)New Tork April 1*
Vaderland Mar. !7|Va<J»Tland Apr!! 17
St LouSa April SlSt. Louis April 2*
RED STAR UN&
N«w York and Antwar*.
Frcm New Tcrfc Every Wednesday, 15 noon.
Kensington Mar. WlScnthwark .....April »
Noordland Mar. rMIVesternland ...April 17
Frlesland April JlKenainston April 2t
1NTEP.NAT1ONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CUAJ3. D. TATLOR. General Agent.
Pacific Coast. 30 Montsomery st.
tOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "SV1T.L LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan «treet.«>. at 1 p. ra.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, caltot* at
Kob« IHtopt). Xarasakl and Shansrhal. and
connecting «t Jlonskons with steamer* for
India, etc. No carco received oa tward en day
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday. March IS. 1901
S« HONGKONG MARU-.Toesday. Aorll 9. 1»1
S« KIPPON MARU Friday. Hay 3. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratas. Kor
and passase apply at company's offlce.
<n Market street, comer First.
W. IL AVERT. General Ag»nt
-PANAMA R.R.-lwe'
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. flOCl: Steerage.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Boaaoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. — sails Tuesday, April 16.
Frcm wharf, foot of Lorobanl *t.. at ! p. m.
Freight «nd pawenir?r offlce. 230 Market «t-
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Cr-aat Aggat.
BAT AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
- . St-a— -»• "f* ont'ecno."
MON.. Tueg.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at » r,
*. m.. 1:15. 8:30 p. m. (eT. Thursday night): Fri-
days. 1 j>. m. and S:M: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. I
p. m. Landing and ofnee. Mlsalon-3tre«t Dock.
Pier No. r Telephone Mala UOS.
\ DS. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
\
Women as Well as Men Suffer and Are Made Miserable
by Kidney and Bladder TrooblesT
To Prove What Swamp-Root, ths Great Kidney
Remedy, Will Do for YOU, Every Readsr of The
Call May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Among the rnanj* famous cures of
Swamp-Root investigated by The Call,
none seem to speak higher of the won-
derful curative properties of this great
kidney remedy than the one we publish
this week for the benefit of our readers.
Mrs. H. N. Wheeler of 117 Hieh Rock St..
Lynn. Maes., writes oa Xov. ;. 1900: "About
18 months ago I had a very severe spell of
sickness, i was extremely sick for three
weeks, and when I finally was able to leave
my bed I waa left with eicrutiatins pains In
my back. My water at times looked very like
rofTee. I could ras* b'lt little at a time, ana
then only after suffering great pain. My
physical condition was such that I had no
strength «nd was all run down. The doctors
sa'd my kidneys -were not affected, and while I
Did Not Know I Had
Kidney Trouble,
I Boaehow felt certain that my kidneys wer«
the ecus? of my trouble^ My sister. Mrs. C.
K. I/ttlefi»ld. or Lynn, advised me to give Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. I procured a
bottle and inside of thn»e days commenced to
Ret relief. 1 followed up that bottle with an- j
other, and st the completion of this one found i
I was completely cured. My strength re- j
turned, and to-day I am as well as ever. My j
business Is that of canvasser, I am on my fe*t ;
a rreat deal of the tl:r.«\ and have to use
much enenry in r»>t»lnjr around. My cure Is i
therefore all the more remarkable, and la ex-
ceedingly gratifying to me."
MRS. II. N. WHEELER.
Swamp-Root will do just as much for
any housewife whose back is too^weaJc to I
MRS. H. N. WHEELER.
perform her necessary work, who Is al-
ways tired and overwrought, who feels
that the cares of life are more than she
can stand. It is a boon to the weak and
ailinr-
i i .^ r\..+. lt U3ed to •>* considered that only urinary
MOW tO rind Wilt anf l bladder troubles were to be traced to the
kidneys, but now modern science proves that
If You fVJpfiH nearly air diseases have th^ir beetnnlnjf fa th»
¦ I I uu i«CCU disorder of these most Important organs.
O.-.^-L. n.' x The kidneys filter and purify the blood—
OW3mp a KOOU that is their work. So when your kidneys are
. weak or out of order you can understand how
quickly your entire body is affected, and how every organ seems to fail to do Its
duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking 1 the famous new discovery. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not cor-
rectly understood: in most case? they are led to believe that womb trouble or fe-
male weakness of some sort is responsible for their many ills. when, la fact, dis-
ordered kldnevs are the chief cause of their distressing troubles.
Neuralgia, nervousness, headache, puffy or dark circles under the eyes, rheu-
matism, a dragging pain cr dull ache in the back, rveakness or bearing dqwn
sensation, profuse or scanty supply of urine, with strong odor, frequent desire to
pass it night cr day. with scalding or burning sensation,— these are all unmistak-
able signs of kidney and bladder trouble.
If there Is any doubt In your mind as to your condition, take from your urlns
on rising about four ounces, place it In a glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination It Is milky or cloudy. !f there is a brick-dust set-
tling, or If small particles float about in it. your kidneys are in need of immedi-
ate attention. ; V
Other symptoms showing that you need Swamp-Roct are sleeplessness, dizzi-
ness, irregular heart, breathlessness. sallow, unhealthy complexion, plenty of am-
bition but no strength. -. . >. ---. '.:-¦-.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and Is u.«ed In the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians In their private practice, and '.s takm by doctors them-
selves, because they recognize in It the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar bottles at the drug stores everywhere.
•=» DITO«?I£%L, NOTICE.- Swamp-Root, the great Kidney. Liver and
Bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful that a spteial arrangement has been
made by which all of our readers who have not already tried it may have a sam-
ple bottle sent absolutely free by mall. Also a book telling all about kidney and
bladder troubles and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from .men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing,
be sure and mention reading this generous offer in tlvs San Francisco Daily Call
when sending your address to Dr. Kilra*»r & Co.. B'.nehamton. N. T.
ADVEBTISE2EENTS.
IDB. PIERGPS ELEjGTRIG BELJ|
V America Ahead of tbe World la Kectrienl Inren-*
? tlon*: Everybody. iaow» tbia! onr new Body-*
• Battery, (IT. B. 1'atrat) Is ftiietly an Amerirani
' Invention- Tllr: BeU of tfc« < «i;tur.T. It lend* .-.I
" powerful, reversible current throngh tba liaman 4
, txj.ly frcin llrvl to t oaf. i-ur:ne Chroxuc ami 4
. Xervona I >i*ea<r< and We«kce«« of Male or r'emale ¦»
, as If by Hatfc. So potUire air w« tbat no otber ?
. belt Jith* e-in.»l of '"]>r. Kercci." that we will seed 4
>tt ON ATPRUVAI. for <-omp«r?9on with any t^lt*
' now sold In America. "s«eiEg i» BeUeTing." ?
', XOTE.— We never send belts "On Trial." there- 4
. fore in ordering "Dr. KerceV no rUk i» run of *
> contractinjr ?»win iiUeaas or otber lJUorderi by 7
- M'.ns an applianc« nrevloaslr warn hj other*
' icruih fall, or send a ic. stamp for new "BooUeJ *
•So.2." Addres*: l'IKKCK KI.KirTRIC CO. J
. 1145 P.roiiiTTi»», (nenr.'Kc!) Rr.) >"»»it York, 4
.Or CZO Market htrrer, ?m t'ranoisio.*
wjriaiaa
INJECTION. $
I A PERMANENT CURE I
a of the mo* t obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 5
? an.l Gleet, (maranteed in from 3 to 6 5
< days ; nc otber treatment required. 5
J Sold by all draggista. 5
CR.PIERCE'S 1
eiSCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.UVER.H1MCS.1
OCEAN TBAVEL.
SS. AUSTRALIA, tor Tahiti
; "WednesdaJv March 15. 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPO3A (Honolulu only)
.Saturday. March 14. 2 p. ra.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
_ .Wednesday. March 17, 9 p. ra.
.. D.SPEECIELS k BIOS. CO.; tasral Ijintj. 327 Sartst St
gn'l Pasissw Dtfci, 643 Martat St., hg Is. 7 ? faeifc St
rAcmc steam batioatiox co. asd
C0X7A5U 8CO AMZSICA5A DS TAPOSIS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American port*. Sailing: -
SS. TCCAPEL March 20. 1901
SS. AREQUIPA April I. i:«)i
SS. LIMAR1 ........April 17. 1901
SS. PERU ...'. ••• April — , 1301
At 12 m. from Section S. Seawall.
These steamers are built expr*«»ly for Cen-
tral and South Ajnerlcan ¦ passenger nervine. |
<No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passentrr office. 315 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agentt.
COKPAOSIS GESKRALE TXAHBATLABTIQUS.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVKE-PARI3. .^^. -
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 19 a. ra.. from Pier «. •54i«3*
North River, foot of Morton street. Flrst-c'.ass
to i Havre. $33 and upward. Second - class to
Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. »
Broadwar (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. »
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets
aold tor all Railroad , Ticket Asenta.
¦ i n Inn ffn I II fi ¦ !.¦ III r i — J jgW * ~
I A stiit made to I
lorder for $1O|
H It is not alon? the low price that has made |j
H our £io made-tor measure suits so popular-— g
Si quality is responsible to a great degree. |
g To be sure, ten dollars is a low; price for aj
S made-to-order suit, but it is not so low but that |
|we can give you all-wool material, good linings B
Hand trimmings and skillful workmanship — the a
H result of our efforts being a good serviceable suit |
§| that will fit as it should and wear to your entire gj
H It may be the price that brings the customer 8|
rathe first time, but it is the wear fie/gets out of the B
H suit that makes him order agiin. g
|j So, suppose you get our samples— all you i
B want for the asking. S
Ej9 Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through ffi
SB our self-measuring system. Write for samples* SB
no . -» v- . t r '- Wa
I sN\Voop&ro I
H 718 Market Street and 3
H Cor. Powell & Eddy Sts. H
1 B. KATSCHINSKI, I
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
I 10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco. |
Li _^p ONLYf^ I
h i A' 1
5 V-- J INCHES |
£2 %*; j» high. p
I LADIES' EXTRA 1
1 HIGH CUT. I
el To make room for eprinR «tock— I*- K
if dies' Black or Chocolate Vld Kid Bl- H
H cycle Lace s:-.i*>. U inches hi^h. will 13
EH U^ 1 - for J*lJ»r» a pair: regular prlc« D
H ji.l.'<. "> bare tbe following sizes: Eg
fj A wide 3 to *'.,. C wide, 3 and 34. B
V% H *Me. V\ to 4. D wlo>, 3. 34 and 7. gl
§3 NO ONE eor.traaicts ts when we «ay gj
jg we sell cheaper than an~ firm In this Bf
(j cltj". How Ao we do it? Vf( nave our B
1 1 cwn factorie* and bay oar shoes In car- N
H loa<! lets, and therefore can bur cheaper H
|< than our competitor*. And. again, our H
M r»r.' is net one- ha If what stores on fe
D llarkit and Kearrty «tneet» pay. *fj
E When you want a tS.LO Fboe that Is ¦
ft 'worth ?S.06. buy our GLORIA. p
ft "tt> do** at 6 p. m. on week days and H
I 11 p. m. Saturdays, and will continue H
P to close «t those houre-PROVIDEU H
fe ALL^iTHEH SHOE STORES DO THE §3
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
r 10 THIRD ST.. S:ii Francisco. . |tablished himself In business In M Uttl»;
Italy" under th© Pledmontese shades off
Telegraph Hill.
After casting about for a favorable lo-»
cation he decided that his best interest*.
would be conserved by uniting with an
other branch of the Italian colony, and
then began th«» trouble.*
In the limited area of the Latin quarter
druggists are glad to receive all prescrip
tions tkat come to them. Cavaliere Delucia.
found one of his set in the person of Giu
seppe Calegarls established In a drus
store and sent his business In his direc
tion.
Rossi, taunted by memories of what ht
had lost, declared war upon them. Ba
caused the publication in an Italian paper
of the notice above. In this 13 Indicated a
challenge to mortal combat, but whether
the affair of honor will ever coma off Is »
serious question.
Dr. Delucis. with much volubility of ges
ture, say3 "he fears no man."
"That fellow Rossi." h© said, "thinks he
runs the Italian colony. Sapristi. I meet
him any place he wants. Bab, fight me.
No'n, Flglio d'un cannone."
It seems that the tension between the
rival factions of tho colony haa led to a
wide-open breach. "What It3 members
may yet do is a question.
Rossi, who issued the published chal
lenge, says that he waa forced to do It
by th© actions of Dr. Deluds.
"For nearly eighteen years I have hart
my same clerk ¦with me whom the honor
able doctor haa tried to win away and put
in a drug store next to mine," said Rossi.
"I would die fighting rather than let thl.i
man get tho best of me."
A story is goinir around that a night or
two ago. In company with another drug
gist from the same quarter. Dr.. Delucis
was dining in a well-known restaurant.
Rossi came in and occupied a table at aa
opposite side of the main dining hall.
The courses were duly served before
the parties In interest discovered each
other's Identity. Then there was a scene.
"Bug&iMng Contaeh," exclaimed Rossi.
This means: "Don't move from there.**
and the flash of a table knife added lm
presslveness to the occasion. No trouble
followed because friends Intervened. I
Dr. Delucis and Dr. Ros3i deny that a
duel Is likely to occur between them, but
the warm blood of Italy, which courses*
through their vein?, is likely at any mo
ment to call for the cooling effect of a
combat. Then: "On euard, Rossi": "on
jruard. Delucis."
PRINCIPALS IX PRESENT COM
EDY THAT MAY DEVELOP A
TRAGEDY IN ITALIAN COLONY.
CHINESE ORDERED DEPORTED.— United
States District Judge de Haven , yesterday
ordered. the deportation of -Wong Wey and
Leong Fong Mun. and released Chlng Ah Hlng
under the provisions of the Chinese exclusion
act. •¦ ,,;¦• •: ¦¦ . ;>.,
Verdict in Schuster Inquest.
. OAKLAND. March 12.— The Coroner's
inquest, held this evening In the case of
Henry M. Schuster, ' the university stu
dent. «vho ' received - fatal - Injuries ; ; -while
training for an athletic event' at Berkeley
last' week, resulted In a- verdict of acci
dental death, due to fracture of the fourth
and ¦ fifth -cervical vertebrae. The verdict
is in 'accord' with "the findings at the au
topsy performed yesterday.
POLO GAME ; POSTPONED
. UNTIL FEIDAY NEXT
Burlingame Players Postpone Their
Public Exhibition on Account of '
j Recent Rains.
The polo game "scheduled to • be played
in Golden Gate Park this afternoon has
been postponed ¦ until ; Friday - next, when
the contest will be brought off at Bur
lingame. The postponement Is due to the
condition of the . grounds in the people's
playgrounds. The recent jralns have soft
ened, the earth, and It was deemed beat
to postpone the content, as the footing 1
was too insecure for the jKinles. ¦> ¦>
On Friday afternoon two teams made
up of Burlingame play ere will inaugurate
a series. It is probablo • that < the- teams
will appear in thia city In the near future.
Miss West Addresses Students.
BERKELEY, March 12.— Miss Elslo
West, the ; Young; Women's Christian, As
sociation college- secratary '. of... Chicago,
spoke before the students of the univer
sity this afternoon in Stiles Hair on "A
Lesson From Paul's Life." - The lecture
was largely attended. Miss West will be
the guest of the Kappa Alpha Theta
Sorority while in this : city.'
HEALTH BOARD WTLX MAKE
•>-;. 7 CHANGES IN ITS FORCE
Secretary Brown Will Be Made Statis
tician and J. A. Emery Will
Suqceed Him.
The Board of Health has In contempla-
tlon several changes in the personnel of
Its office. While Dr. Williamson, chair
man of the board, declines to discuss the
matter, it Is understood that It has been
decided to make Secretary Brown statis
tician to take the -¦ place of W. D. Griffin,
who will be removed. Brown Is to be suc
ceeded by J. A. Emery, .who Btands sec
ond on the civil service list of eligibles.
Brown's salary is now 5150 per month
and it will remain the same in his new
position. The old rumors of the prospec
tive removal of Dr. G. E. Sussdorff as su
perintendent of the City and County Hos
pital have been revived again" and it is
now stated that SussdornT will' have his
official heqd removed on.-July 1.
FINANCE COMMITTEE
RECOMMENDS PAYMENT
Legal Back Claims Against City Will
Be Liquidated Out of
Surplus.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee rc-
ported yesterday in favor of paying the
back claims of . certain years against the
city out of the surplus fund. No recom
mendation was made regarding the pay
ment of interest, that being left to tho
discretion of the board.
It was further decided that the claims
will be paid only on presentation" of the
original vouchers and the complete estab
lishment-of their legality. .This will in
clude a verification.
It was practically agTeed that *a claim
filed by ex-City Surveyor C. S. Tilton for
JSaOO would be disallowed. This sum is
claimed as 'a fee for making a map of
the Richmond District npon the order of
the Supervisors. Another claim 'of Dorn
& Dorn for a contingent fee of $4000 in a
Supreme Court case,. wherein J. J. Conlin
was a party, will not be allowed.
Tanforan Tin tries.
First race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
17S8 St. Anthony 107 2021 Letlger 107
2052 McAlbert 110 2018 Sweet Voice ..105
914 Pat Murphy 110 2050 minboy 110
2052 Valencienne ...108 1958 Faunette 108
2050 Amelia Fonso.. 108 1971 Sweet William. no
2050 Lady Maud 105
Eecond race — Three and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling*
(1955) Legal Maxim... 109 1S35 Lapidus 110
(2004)Lady Bird 107 1979 Sir Claus 110
1685 Dr. McNutt 110 2027 Contestant 107
2022 Pepper Sauce... 110 2004 Remele 105
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up;
Belling:
2016'Rufalba 104i 2007 Rapido 106
1943 Sidelong 106i 2079 March Seven. ...105
2019 Diomed 1071 2052 Onyx Ill
2043 Catastrophe ...111 2019 Limelight Ill
1971 Talma 1101
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
end up: purse:
(2028)Toah 101|(2055)Redwald 115
20C6 Tuthill 115 2075 Ada N 99
(2043) Dr. Cave 1151 ¦
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs: three
year-olds; purse:
2042 Illilouon 104 (2054)Bonnie Llssak..lO7
2031 Cushion 107 (2062)Klo de Altar...ll2
2075 Marc'y 104 2028 Bard of Avon.. 109
2042 Commuter 107 Bronze Wing. ..112
Sixth race— Mil« and seventy yards; four
year-olds and up; selling:
2051 Royal Prize.. ..Ill 2055 R. del Band's. Ill
2051 Artllla 105 2043 Sir Kingston... 107
2023 Ostler Joe 114 2077 Owenaboro 110
2051 McNamara 107 2079 Macy 114
Tanforan Selections.
First race— Valencienne, Amelia Fonso, l.«ti
ser.
Eecond race— Legal Maxim, Lapldus, Lady
Bird.. *;v;i'.
Third race — Catastrophe, Dlomed, Rapldo.
Fourth race — Tuthill, Toah; 'Ada N. •
Fifth race— Bard of Avon, Rib de Altar, Bon
nie Lissak.
Sixth race— Owensboro. Macy, Ostler Joe.
WESTCOTT HAS FAITH
IN HIS WIFE'S HONOR
Says She May Have Been Indiscreet
and Imprudent, but Nothing
More.
The following communication has been
received from F. B. Westcott, husband
of Lei Westcott, who has been named as
co-respondent ¦ in the- suit for letral sep
aration brought by Mrs. Robert J. Han
cock: . - ,
SAN FRANCISCO, March 12.-Edltor Call-
Dear Sir: I wish to say that in view of all
that has been reported In last evening's and
this morning's papers regarding ray wife,
Mrs. Westcott, that while she may have been
Indiscreet and Imprudent previous to our re
union about one year ago, I - do , not, cannot
and will not. even- think, . or /believe, that she
haa ever been, or could, or would be .guilty of
anything more reprehensive. • No, never! Her
very nature would revolt against '¦" a sinful
thought or act, and while wo have lived apart
for seven months or more, for the very reason
that we have never been congenial; I -yet have
the highest respect for her as ¦ a . virtuous
woman, pure in mind and heart, and I defy
any i man or woman to truthfully refute or
deny it. ' .-.-.-..
Tho mother of my. son la a woman who In
spires and commands the respect of any and
all -who know her, and furthermore,: in justice
to Mrs. W. aa well as myself, I also refute
and deny - that she has ever received - any sup
port other than from me since : she first . be
came my wife. What I say here denies every
charge or report derogatory to my wife that
has a tinge of color. Very sincerely, :
. , . - F. . B. ; WESTCOTT.
THANSVAAL; COMMITTEE
.HOtotfftS HIS MEMORY
Friend of the Boer Cause Is Eulogized
by His Associates in This
City.
The Transvaal committee has adopted
resolutions commemorating the services
of the late Judge M. Cooney, who occu
pied the position of president of the com
mittee. The resolutions are as follows:
Whereas. The great Ruler of the universe.
Jr. his Infinite wisdom, removed from our
n.idst our worthy and ! esteemed president,
Judge M. Cooney; and whereas, the Transvaal
Committee of .California, since its organiza
tion had been In most intimate relation with
the one now departed, the' committee appre
ciating the wisdom and ability of his coun
sel, the impartiality and moderation of his
lulinga, the gacriflces made for a noble, hu
iranitarian cause, his grreat patriotism and his
desire to aid those struggling for liberty and
Justice. Therefore be it
Resolved, That the sudden removal of the
departed from our committee leaves a vacancy
¦which cannot be filled, and the members of
the Transvaal Committee of California and
the friends of liberty throughout the city real
ize their great loss.
Resolved, That we hereby expreei the most
sincere sympathy with the afflicted family of
our friend and leader. And be it further I
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be transmitted to the bereaved family of our
deceaeed president and that the same be fur
r.ljehd to the press.
Theodore Plnther, I+. K. P. Van Baggen J.
F. Gibbon. Robert P. Troy. E. T. Carvalho,
Jeremiah Deasy. Charles Gildea. C. Zwierleln,
C. W Arp, A. F. Groh, J. J. Caniffe, Charles
Butler.
Some years ago Dr. Delucis came to thl«
city and affiliated with that portion o:
the Italian colony of which Domenlcc
Rossi was not a member. Dr. Delucis es
PLEADS FOR MORE
YEARS IN PRISON
tlon. A regular old-fashioned vendetts
may yet shake the city, although th>
principals in the' matter deny that then
is any ill-feeling between them.
A Convicted Highwayman
Urges Judge to Increase
His Sentence
Before Zuhoff stood up for sentence
Deputy District Attorney Hynes addressed
the court, making a plea for clemency on
the ground that it was on Zuhoff' s confes
sion that a conviction had been secured.
The object of the attorney's benevolent
effort angrily told him to stop and when
Judge Greene announced that he would
take off two years from Zuhoff's term,
making 1 It ten Instead of twelve years, the
prisoner stepped to the clerk's desk and
asked him to lnterecede with the court to
have his sentence the same aa that pro
nounced against his companion.'
Judge Greene refused to alter his deci
sion. He said he thought that probably
the men would be the better for It if one
of them got out before the other, any way.
Then the two highwaymen were taken
back to Jail. Zuhoff denouncing- the Judge
for his action.
The confession on which the men were
convicted was to the effect that they were
drinking together with another man, .when
the trio ran out of money. They decided
to gt> out and rob the first man they saw.
As Millar came along the street they hid
behind a tree and as he passed he was
struck on the head with a board. Then
the robbers rifled his pockets, securing a
small sum in change.
Zuhoff and Thomas Magrulre held tip
David C. Millar on the night of February
23. Millar was struck down with some
blunt weapon at the corner of Thirty
fourth and Myrtle streets, aa he was
nearing his home, and robbed of his
money. Maguire and Zuhoff were arrested
that night and the next day Zuhoff con
fessed to the commission of the crime.
The two men were bound over for trial,
and at their hearing to-day they waived
their right of defense and asked to be
sentenced at once. Maguire was given
twelve years In San Quentin.
A convicted criminal standing; at the bar
of Justice and pleading for an Increase of
his term of Imprisonment waa the strange
spectacle presented In Judge Greene'3
court to-day, -when F. J. Zuhoff, footpad,
stood up that sentence might be pro
nounced against him.
111S Broadway. March 12.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
BERKELEY, March 12.— The third
semi-annual field day of the Bay County
Athletic League will be held on the Uni
versity of California cinder path next Sat
urday afternoon, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Great preparation has been made for the
field day and considerable Interest centers
about the contests. Arrangements are in
charge of the following committee:
B. O. Llnscott. (chairman), Berkeley High
School; Norman Stines, Lowell High School,
and A. Norton, Oakland High School.
The schools belonging to the league are
the Berkeley High School, Oakland High
School, Lowell High 'School, California
School of Mechanical Arts. Polytechnic
School and Central High School.
Entries for the field day have been made
as follows:
TRACK EVENTS.
EO-yard dash— Vos Burgh, L. H. S.; A. ¦Whit
man, O. H. 3.; D. HIckey, B. H. S.; J. Pratt.
L. H. S.; R. Boettlger, B. H. S.; P. Girvln,
B. H. S.
Two-mile run — B. Lundy, O. H. S. : L. Dob
bins. B. H. S. : C. Blbby. C. H. 8.; J. de
Uruhl, L. H. S.; Matthewson, P. H. S.; I.
Morrow, C. H. 8.
SSO-yard run— Tatum, L. H. 8.; J. Haber,
L. H. S. ; E. Wrampelmier, B. H. 8.; W. La
Orange. L. H. S. ; G. Harrison. B. H. S.;
Terrein, P. H. 8.; Westdahl, O. H. S. ; Nor
ton, O. H. 8.
100-yard dash— Firet heat: Turpln, L. H. S.;
Olrvln, B. H. S. ; Wilcox, O. H. S. Second
heat: Pratt, L. H. S.; HIckey. B. US.; La
Valliere. O. H. S.
120-yard hurdle— First heat: "Warren, B. H.
S.; Kei-rlein. L. H. 8.: Thayer.. O. H. S. Sec
ond heat: Chaplin. B. H. 8. ; Shipman. C.
H. S. ; Burpee, O. H.-S.: Hawley, B. H, S.
Kxtra event, three-legged race.
440-yard dash — First heat: Herron, I* H. S. ;
Haber. L. H. 8.; Hartley, B. H. S.; Needham,
B. H. 8. Second heat: Oongdon, B. H. 8.;
La Valliere, B. H. S. ; Howard, O. H. 6.;
Sheehan. O. . H. S.
220-yard hurdles— First heat: Hawley, B. H.
S.; Huglus, O. H. 8.; Boettlger, B. H. S.
Second heat: Kehrleln, L. H. 8.; Burpee, O.
H. S.; Hartley, B. H. 8.
220-yard dash, (trial)— First heat: Turpln, L.
H. S. ; Needham. B. H. S.; "Whitman. O. . H.
8. -Second heat: Orindley, B. H. S.; Melvin,
G. H. 8.; "Wilcox, O. H. S.
One mile tun-McNlchol. C. 8. M. A.;
Mathewson, P. H. 6.; Terrein. P. II. S.; Bib
by, C. H. S. ; Morrow. C. H. S.; Cloufth, O.
H. S. ; Westdahl, O. H. 8.; Lundy, O. H. S.;
La Grange, Li. II. B.; Harrison. B. H. S..;
Wrampelraier, B. H. 8.; Dobbins, B. H. 8.
One mile relay— Teams of six men from B.
H. S.. O. H. 8. and L. H. 8.
Field events: Pole vault — Shlpman, C. H.-S. ;
R. BoettlBer, B. . H. S.; Burpee, O.~ H. 8.;
Lundy, O. H. 8.; C. Volz, B. H. S.: Labree,
L. H. S.: C. Needham. B. H. 8.
Broad Jump— Vos Burgh, L. H. S.; Shlpman.
C. H. 8.; Melvin, C. H. 8.; Coogan, O. H.8.;
Thayer, O. H. 8.; Hughes. O. H. 8.; J. Hart
ley. B. H. S.; B. Chaplin. B. H. 8.
12-pound shot put— C. Voli, B. H. SJ W.
Hawley, B.H. 8. ; E. Grlndley, B. H. 8.:
Hinds, O. H. 8.: Howard, O. H. 8.; Kldd. L.
H. 8. : Williams.' O. H. S. ¦ • .
High Jump— Coogan, O. S. H.; Thayer, O.
H. S. ; Melvin, O. H. 8. ; Plagemann, L. H. 8. ;
Pratt, L. H. 8.; Kehrleln, L. H. 8.: D. Hlck
ey, B. H. S. : Glrvin, B. H. S. ; B. Chaplin,
B. H. S.
12-pound hammer throw — "Williams, O. H. S. ;
Hinds, O. H. 8.; Durbln, L. H. 8.; 'Jones, L.
H. 8.: C. Volz, B. H. 8.; Congdon, B. H. 8.;
Hansen, B. H. 8.
Bay County Athletic League
to Hold Its Field Day
Saturday.
ALL the Italian colony is agog over
the announcement that a. duel
may be fought in its midst be
tween Druggist Rossi and Dr. De
lucis. For months past the gen
tlemen named have been trying to settle
their differences. So far they have not
accomplished anything through arbltra-
HIGH SCHOOLS
WILL CONTEST
MEDICOS CRUSHINGLY
DEFEAT JOURNALISTS
Health Department and Morgue Base
ball Players Score a Glorious
Victory.
Nine bright young men who are em
ployed on the Examiner's art and repor
torial staffs essayed to play baseball yes
terday with as many medicos and ¦ dep
uties who are drawing salaries from the
Health Department and the City Morgue.
The municipal aggregation snowed the
journalists under by a score of 25 to 3.
Had the same lasted more than five
Innings the scorer would not have had
room to score the tallies made by the
victors. The newspaper men were like so
many toys in the hands of the medicos.
Base hits, two-baggers and three-baggers
were as plentiful as flies around a barrel
of molasses. Cusick. and Matthews alter
nated in the box and the way tbe medi
cos hammered their curves would have
brought tears to the eyes of a Sphinx.
Had the error column been added up the
journalists would have had three dozen
to their credit. The medicos played more
consistent ball and batted like profession
als. "Fatty" Kahn. steward of the Re
ceiving Hospital, and "Shorty" Brown of
the Morgue were the bright particular
stars of the day. They played such good ;
ball that the prepossessing nurses In the
grand 6tand split their gloves applauding
their efforts.
Horace Egbert and "Fatty" Matthews
of Petaluma strove hard to abate defeat,
but their efforts were in. vain. The teams
lined up as follows: ,
Medicos. • Positions. Journalists.
A. Kahn Catcher Lgbert
A. Hammel Pitcher Cusick
Johnson First base Boyle
r»r. Mullaby Second base Boushey
M. J. Ilrown Third base Matthews
P. McCormlck Shortstop Whitney
Dr. McElroy Right field Nahl
Dr. Morrison Center Held ....Kelly
Dr. Baclgalupi Left field .Johnson
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
three-year -oMa and up; purse, $200.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jock»y. St. %. Str. Fin.
HUT. Buffoon, 4, 117Hensy7 6 5 4 1 14
2%9 Haperdon, 4, lOT.Mathws 2 14 In 2 n
2>H Scalawag. S, 106. Mounce 3 5 1 5 6 3 1
!Si3 Darlene. 3, 100 Kelly 6 7 4. 6 5 4 2
1S90 Quiz II. 3. 105..Frawlcy 1 2 1 2n 5 2
200S Irate.. 3, S« Sheehan 4 4 h. 3 5 6 5
2036 Vassal, a, 12O..Basslnger 8 8 3 8 10 7 5
2OG2 Fkip Me, 3, 105..Howell 5 3 1 7 4 8 6
1741 Flatterer. 3. 109.... Hoar 9 9 9 9
Time— >»;. :E*4: :51 '»' *• »JlWt Good
*tart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
¦Winner. H. J. Jones' b. g. by Fordham-Geor
gia Kinney. Buffoon ridden in best going.
Hagerdon in a bumping match at stretch turn.
Scalawac away poorly. Quiz ridden through
bad rooting. Skip Me fell out of It at far
turn. Scratched— Homage 104, Urchin 112, Har
ry Thatcher 112. El Toplo 109, Moringa 120.
Betting— The Buffoon, 40; Hagerdon, 9-2;
Scalawag. 2; Darlene, 15; Quiz II. 4; Irate,
100; Vassal. 50; fckip Me. 7-2; Flatterer. 10.
2097. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Norfolk-Hiss Ford. But for being cut pff at
flrf=t turn My Oyj>Fy mlgrht have won. Her
rare an improvement. Not sloppy enougli.
probably, for Imperious. Jennie Reid swerved
last j.art.
B*Ulr.gr— Norford. fi-S: My Gypsy, 5-2; Uarda,
52; Imperious. 7-2; Morellito. 30; Jennie Reid,
ro; Jim McCleevy. 100.
2083. FOURTH RACE-Six furlongs; Otvn
• rs' handicap; three-ytar-olds and up; purse.
tiOO.
Index Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H. Sir. Fin.
2013 F. Bell, 5, 100.. . Mounce 1 13 1C 16
<20>OLenne;>. 6. 95 Ranseh 2 i 2 h 2 ns
UaoOMeehaaua, 3, s:..Mathws 3 I h 3 3
Time—*;. :25: ".». :50; \. 1:17%] Good start.
Won easily. Second and third cjrivlng. Win
ner, J. W. O'Neal & Co.'s'b. r. try Big Henry-
Flora I^each. Track Just suited^ Bell. Race
of day before did not help chance* of Lennep.
Mwhanus no account In muddy- g\lnK.
Benin*— Frank BtU, £-5; LennepX b-5; Mee
h&nus, 3. \ • . .
~~~~~ \
2CXHS. FIFTH RACE— One mile aiJd fifty
yards; celling; four-year-ol-is and up; '-purse,
»»W. \
Inrtex. Horse. Wt, Jockfy. St. Sk. Str. S"in.
(20M) Norford, 4. 1M.. Mounce 5 14 14 13
ISC; My Hyp*?. 4. 103. Hanson 14 2 '2 H 2 3
;*>T: Varda. 6, 113....Fallehy 3 6 6 C 10 3 h
2<>S1 Imperious, 6. 111. ..Kelly 2 2 2 4 1 4 n
M3G Morellito, a, HS.Frawley.* 3 4 3 h 5 10
2023 J. Rtixi, 3. 97..Fauntlry 6 5 1 15 6 15
:«7 J. McCl'vy. 5. 107.Meany 7 7 7 7
Time— SO yds. :0«*«; U. :2iM: %. :5U4; »4.
1:1S>^; m, 1:46; im iOyds, 1:50. Good start.
Won easily. Second easily. Third driving.
Winner. Doble & Co."» b. h. by Emperor of
2O9-1. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two
y»-«r-oMs; jiurse. J350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. *£. Str. Fin.
3;iDr. Scharff. IIS.. Mounce 1 13 ... 16
2^S J. -Tyrrell. l!0...rtansch 4 2 4 ... 2 4
•T71 Barklyite. 100 ....Logu« 3 6 2 ... 3n
20T1 Es=tado. 110 Howf-11 5 6 4 ... 4 3
Rrunewlck. lin..Tamplin 2 32 ... 5 3
JijST. Marks. 103 Mathwa 7 4 1 ... 6 6
2534 Gollna, 107 Weir 6 7 ... 7
Time — "*, :K: hi, -ti. Good start. V>'on eas
ily. Second easily. Third driving. Winner,
J. W. O'Nea.1 & Co.'i ch. c. by Donald A-Mls-
Fouri. Winner outciapsed his company. Es
tado can do belter and will. Teddy Marks
away poorly.
Betting— Dr. Scharff. 3-10; Jack Tyrrell. 12;
Barklyite, 50; Eetado. 5; Brunswick. 100; Teddy
Jiarke, 00; Gollna, 60.!-
SO93. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; eell-
Ing: four-year-olds Rnd up; purse, . J350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. K. Str. Fin.
202) Modwena, 5. 103... Kelly 2 3 1 11 It
2060 I D. Know, a, 105. Maths 111 22 24
1735 F. Tulln. 4. 100..Mounee 4 4 1 4 1 3 H
2060 Pilot. 4, 101..Fauntleroy 6 2 h S h 4 2
inj3 Montanus. 5, H0..Cas*in 5 6 4 7 1 5 Vi
1SC1 I'n Cadeau. 4, iCl.Weir 7 5 1 5 1 6 H
204J Canejo. 4, S9....Kinkead 8 7 H 6 1 7 10
2T-45J. McCabe. 6, 103.AlexJr 3 8 8 8
Time— hi. iBtt: K. U\; H. :50H: %. 1:M-
Poor start. Won easily. Second and third
driving-. Winner, R. Hughes' b. m.- by Mo
re'.lo-G'en Ellen. Delay at post ruined chances
of Ua Cadeau. Modwena in best going through
out. I Don't Know was not. Fidel Youlin
eore. Pilot quit. Too short for McCabe.
Scratched— Tinp-a-Linr S3, Senator Matts 1'Jj,
Grey Bob K'l. Satan 101, Looram 105.
Bettlnjt— Modwena. 4; I Don't Know, 20; Fi
del Youlin, 4; Pilot. 6; Montanus. 6; Ua Ca
deau. S-5; Canejo, 60; Jack McCabe. 30.
thre*-year-o!<!s and up; purse, J350. J •
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey." St. H- Str. Fin!
•.'070 Bcrr.ota. 3, 156...Uansch 6 6 10 1 1 12
•;033 Mor.tallade, a, lC3..Mnca 1 3 h *2 5 * 2 Nr
(SC^Ofmond. 5. 115...Howell 3 4 1 3 1 3 2
I06S Follow Me, 3, lOi.Brown 7 6 H < H < H
rfi36 Mocorito. 6, 113.. ..Kelly 4 2 h 5 ** 5 5
2036 In* ictus. 3. 106 Weir 2 11 6 10 6 25
CSC Cavar.augh, 3. IGl.Trnpin 6 7 7 7 ¦
Time— U. :26; tt. :5'J*4; M»'2:1&L Good-start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. AVln
rer. Parns & Waterhouse's br. g. Dy Take.
Not!ee-B«-rn&. The solng just suited Bernota,
Montallade quit in etrctch. Mocorito badly
handled. Invletus a poor gambling proposi
tion. Follow Me injudiciously ridden.
Betting— Bernota, 11-5; Montallade, 9-5; Os
mond, 10; Follow Me. 100; Mocorito, .4; Invle
tus, 7; Cav&naugb, 100.
OAKLAND RACETRACK — Tuesday.
March 12. 190L— Weather fine. Track
heavy.
S002. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
SANTA LUCIA, slated at 15 to 1
when the half-dozen four-year-olds
and upward went to the post yes
terday for the first race over 6lx
furlongs, made the field look bil
ious, especially the favorite Parmenion,
ridden, by O'Connor. Burlingame took
Lucia out at the very start and at no time
was her light dimmed by favorite, second
or third choice. Foul Play tried to tack
on and succeeded aa a wake performer.
O'Connor lay in wait In the third place
and came under the wire for the show
money. Santa Lucia glided in in laugh
ing style some five lengths ahead of Foul
Play, who barely captured the place.
The track was good, pretty. well dried
out. but not fast enough for the hard
surface goers and not sufficiently heavy
for the mud fanciers. Withal the first
race was the only upset of the day, all the
others being annexed by the favorites.
The two-year-old race, the second on the
card, belonged to Rory Ough. piloted by
Charlie Thorpe. Just because O'Connor
rode J. V. Kirby, and something warm in
the nature of a tip went round the ring, a
heavy play was placed on Kirby. Zlrl, rid
den by Domlnick, figured as a chance win
ner until the stretch was reached, when
Hory Ough reared ahead and Zirl came in
a slow second. Snooze proved her show
mettle again, securing the third place.
Kirby was fortunate in reaching the place
just without the money.
In. the steeplechase Eva Moe, the favor
ite, and Periwig ended in what was the
most exciting finish of the day. They
clung to one another throughout the
course, taking the last obstacle together.
Then the race down the stretch began,
Eva Moe winning by half a length. For a
wonder Tom Sharkey staid with the ob
stacles and did not go out. He finished
inside the money. '
The fourth race over one mile ended just
as the bookmakers' Elates Indicated. Havl
land, with Dominlck up, a 1 to 2 favorite,
walked away from the field. The hot work
was for the place and Bogus Bill, ridden
by Thorpe, came up to expectations, out
distancing Fondo and Lavator.
In the fifth race Isaline, Henry up,. was
a hot favorite, but it was only the strong
finish that gave her the race. Hermoso,
piloted by Domlnick, surprised the talent
and all but won. Handlcapper, second
choice, with Burns up, took the show
money.
The last race, seven furlongs for three
year-olds, went to Seide, a 3 to 5 favorite,
and was Henry's second victory. The tin
was out for Benson Caldwell, who was
backed down from 2 to 1 to even money.
O'Connor made a game finish, but Selde
was too strong. Cantinus led to the last
turn and then became lost in a pot of
Blue. •'.y.r .
BY IXDUIS HONTO.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
AN Owners' handicap over six fur
longs, with the three clipper
rigged sprinters Frank Bell, Len
r.ep and Sleehanu's as contestants,
furnished the large crowd of spec
tators at Oakland track j-esterday with a
very .puzzling betting proposition. Kot
since his first appearance, on the local
tracks, when racing in the colors of Sam
Hildreth.has Meehanus evinced any par
ticular fondness for heavy or muddy go
ing, and Caesar Young's horse was made
the outsider. Despite the fact that she
had- a tough time in beating Beau Or
monde only the day previous, and that
seldom do horses repeat well in deep foot
ing, Lennep. with her 95 pounds in the
saddle, at tirst enjoyed the call. It sud
denly dawned upon the "doplsts" that Bell
had shown best when tramping over damp
tracks, and the "St. Louis Hindoo" finally
closed a C to 5 favorite. From the klckotr
the race proved easy for Frank Bell, the
bay gelding stealing oft eight lengths in
the lead/and winning with. Mounce reach
ing for wraps. In a rattling four-round
finish Ranseh got Lennep by the judges a
nose ahead of Meehanus.
Things broke a bit uneven for the first
choices on the whole, but three staking
out winning claims. "Mike" Hennessy at
last left the maiden class, landing The
Buffoon first in the closing event, at odds
of 40 to 1. r
Never of much account on a fast track,
the conditions suited Bernota exactly, and
he took the opening scramble In a canter
at odds of 11 to 5. Montallade, the favor
ite, showed speed to the stretch, where he
began to stop, though getting the place
easily enough from Osmond.
"Handrlding" Kelly astride Modwena
turned up winner of the five furlong run,
next decided. The Morello mare made
nearly all the running, and In a drive
downed \ Don't Know, a 20 to 1 chance,
two lengths. A considerable delay at the
post did not improve the chances of the
favorite, Un Cadeau. which finished,
back among the tail-enders. .
Dr. Scharff fell heir to a legacy In the
two-year-old spin. Outclassing his field
and a prohibitive favorite, he finished six
lengths before Jack Tyrrell at the wire.
Barklyite took the show.
The Burns & Waterhouse stable had
My Gypsy primed and ready for active
duty on the firing line in the mile and
fifty yard selling number, and only for a
bumping match at the first turn the mare
might have delivered the merchandise. As
it was, she ran a fair second to the favor
ite, Norford. ridden by Mounce. Im
perious made a fair showing, ending up
in fourth position.
1 Dave Fountain's sprinter, Scallawag.
came in for extensive backing to win the
last event, a nix furlong selling affair.
Going to the post favorite, Mounce got
cut off at the start and could never get
to the front. While Quiz and Hagerdon
were having It out through the worst
footing Hennessy on The Buffoon picked
out the dryer going and at the close the
outsider was only galloping. Hagerdon
lasted out long enough to beat the favor
ite a neck for the place.
.
Track Notes.
Jockey Albert Songer, suspended by the
Oakland officials on December 30. 1899,
was reinstated yesterday by the stewards
of the California Jockey Club. He will
leave for Canada, and from there departs
for Austria to join the colony of American
riders.
John Bullman will very shortly depart
for the East to fulfill his engagement
with the McCarren stable. To disabuse
any idea existing that he-harbors any 111
feeling toward the .Oakland officials, he
will be seen in the saddle at the track
over iho bay this- afternoon.
In the absence of Bullman and Doml
nick, Owen Mounce was the star at Oak
land yesterday* piloting 1 three.-winners.-
BY F. E. MTJLHOLLAND..
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
Frank Bell Takes the Owners' Handicap at Oakland,
Under Wraps, From Lennep and Meehanus.
Clerk and a Merchant Arrested.
M. 1 W'efner of 222 Kearny street objected
to tbe presence of a number of member«;
of the Retail Clerks' Union parading in
front of his store !ast night and crying
"Buy before C." He accosted H-.Muller
¦who appeared to be the leader of the
clerkE, and tried to get him to leave th»»
front of his store. One word led to an
cther and finally the men came to blowb
Officer Wliliam Heins arrested both of
them and charg-cd them at the Hall of
Justice with disturbing the peace. Both
were released cn bail.
Oakland Selections.
r*1r»t race — Monastic, Irma A. Botany.
fiecor.3 race— Dofeator. Barney F. Imperious.
Third race— Scotch Plaid, Herculean, Morel
lito. ;*;•
Fourth . rac*— Locochee. . Dr. Marks. The
Bor.fcy. . ,/~:"^i --.'-ST ' "'• - * ;^-*v
Flf,th race-Hcrton, Opponent, Sea Lloo.
Sixth race— Peace, Skip Me, Qulr n. '
Flxth ra<~» — Futurity course; three-year-olds
fc!.>i upn.-.ri; selling.
rtS9 Uomany 103 ( 2X6 Maydlne 1M
2017 Fkip Me 02 14C9 Loconomo 103
2'tfS HinaJdo 110 fi»!>e)Nullah 104
£><'» Follow Me »t { 2097 Quit II 87
2tt>< <Jarterline li"8 | 20£3 1'areifa.l 84
1S51 Peace ...: Ids'
Fifth ra^« — Pe\*en furlongB; four-year-olds
&nd upward; eelMns.
C^^^Pea Lion 2131 rOTS Hcrton 113
(2-*f>)Ijovin)f Cup....lOS U76 Flaxnero 110
IMS Boundlee 1C"| 2047 Opponent 105
Fourth . rtce— Two miles; three-yeax-olda and
upward; purse.
«01T)Ea MIdo l'-8 I 2057 EJrlrato 109
1PM Locochee 108 J?94 The Bobby ....102
204? Dr. Marks .....103 1 2072 Bangor ....:.. ..Ill
F*irrt race — Four furlonps; two-year-olds; eell
t>"« Monastic 113; 2046 Ioar 110
IOCS Flattered 110j 2C*2 Botany 115
?H6 Iyg^to 113' 2i«5 Irma A 115
2>jC9 Post Bel! 1101
Becond race — One mile and an eighth; Jour
ycar-olds and upward; celling.
rrc.T Barney F 95] 2044 Don Lul» 103
2'*S Imperious 106 2M9 Alicia 101
"'44 RIrurma«ter ...lfftl 20T3 X>onator 103
i •;- JCastalne 1011
Third race— One mile end a sixteenth; three
j-f'ar-olilfi and upward; selling.
CSOlDScotch Plaid.. .103. 20S3 Herculean 107
::<*•<« yinrclllta lioi 20SS Gol<J Badge ... 82
20C8 Billy Lyons:... 9lj 20S7 Vassal 1C3
Oakland Entries.
The Public School Teachers* Retirement
Fund and Annuity Association waa grant
ed permission by the Board of Education
yesterday, to hold a May Bay festival this
year. The. celebration will be on lines
similar to the one held in Glen Park las;
year, and will . be for the benefit of the
pension fund for retlren teachers.
Miss M. F. Mooney was appointed to a
new class In the Douglass Primary School.
Miss N. Erb was transferred from the
day unasslKned-Iist to the substitute, list
The boai*d will soon have the appointing
of a principal of the Hemilton Grammar
School, Tas it is understood that w. A.
Robertson, who now holds the position
intends to resign shortly Mr. Robertson
has been very ill In a sanatorium at Lav
ermore. though late reports show his con
dlUon.to.be slightly improved. 1 -
nuity Society— New Class in
Douglass School.
School Board Grants Permit to An-
TEACHERS WIIX HOLD
MAY DAY FESTIVAL
C. ' J. Bell, a middle-aged man, fell oft
an Ellis-street electric car last evening
while the car was crossing the Market
etrset cable tracks. Bell* fortunately "es
caped being run over," but was rendered
unconscious by the /aj!. . He bled from
the "mouth' and' nose- and it?was thought
that he had sustained a fracture of the
rJcuIl. He was removed in an ambulance
to the City Receiving Hospital. .Bell re-
Pideg at S34 O'Farrell street and was re
cently employed at a cigar store near
Third street. ¦ . •.-•.¦-.-;.> '•* ¦ < :•*¦
Falls From Electric .Car:
The Rev. Arthur J. Brown, D. D., one of
the secretaries of the Presbyterian Board
of Foreign Missions.- will speak to-nieht
In the .-Auditorium . of the Y. M C A
buiMing before the, Presbyterian churches
of this city.' His subject -will be "China
as a World' Problem— What Policy ShouM
America Adopt Regarding It?"
"Will Lecture on China.
(Translation.)
A BIT OF EVERYTHING.
(Paid Communication.)
I will incommode myself to
warn Mr. Doctor and Cavaliere
Delucis that if he does notstop
soon occupying, himself with
my own affairs I shall be com
pelled of adopting other meth
ods better practicable.
DOMENICO ROSSI, Farm,
1400 Dupont Street.
UN PO' DI TXJTTO.
(Comunicato a Pagamento.)
Mi prendo l'incomodo di
awertire il signor dottore e
Cavaliere Delucis die se non
la flnisce presto di occuparsi
dei xniei affari saro costretto
di adottare altri mezzi piu
pratici di questi.
DOMENICO ROSSI, Farm,
140O Xhipont Street.
TANFORAN PARK-Tuesday, March
12, 190L— Weather fine. Track heavy.
20SU. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-oldB and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str. Fin.
' 2026 Sta- Lucia, 6, 103.Burlg 1 IS 15 15
20D2 Foul Play. 4, 110..Wedd 4 2 h ,2 h 2 n
1 2C2st Parrnenion, 4, 112.0'Con 2 3 2 3 4 3 5
. 2052 Favorito, 4, 112. ...Miller 5 4 h 4 3 4 8
1K4 FormatUB, 4, 112.. Thorpe 3 5 10 5 8 5 8
2050 F'k Duffy. 4, 102.Haslett 6 6 6 6
Time— '4, :24; V4. :4SVi; %. 1:15V4. Good start.
¦Won all out. Second and third driving. Win
ner, T. Gault's ch. m. by Duke of Norfolk-
Mabel H. Santa Lucia got away flying, but
was the best horse. Parmenion Is a bad one.
Foul Play ran her race.
Betting— Santa Lucia, 15; Foul Play, 7; Par
menion, 1-2; Favorito, 15; Formatus, 7; Frank
Duffy, 2C0.
HOST. SECOXD RACE— Three furlongs; two
year-olds; purse. $400. . ..J ''.
ledex, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %., Str. Fin.
1907 RoryOugh.. 118.^.Thorpe 1 2 4.... 13
2065 ZIrl. 115 Dominlck 4 3 2 ... 2 1
2027 Snooze. 10S Henry 2 1H ... 3 3
1S60 J. V. Klrby, 115.0'Connr 5 6 % ... 4 1
2C27 San Lution, lOS.Murphy 7 5 h ... 5 2
.... Silva Cruz. lll.Alexandr 9 7 1 ... 81
2027 Quadra, 105 Burns 3 4H ... 7 2
1S35 Resin. 106 Ross 6 8 2 ... 8%
.... Silesian. 10S Walsh 8 9 ... 9
Time— H. :12U; %. :36tf. Good start. Won
ridden out. Second and third driving. Wln
rer, J. Lodge & Co.'s ch. C by imp. Friar
Tuck-Queen Kaptolanl. Rory Ough had the
most 6peed. Zlrl did not get moving first part;
closed strong. Snooze ran her race. Klrby
away poorly. Scratched— Dr. McNutt 108.
Betting— Rory Ough, 8-5; Zirl, 9-2; Snooze.
10; J. V. Kirby. 5-2; San Lution, 50; Sllva
Cruz. 10; Quadra. 10; Resin, 100; Silesian,
coupled with J. V. Kirby.
20SS. THIRD RACE — About two miles;
steeplechase; short course; four- year-olds
and up; purse, $t50.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. LJ. Str. Fin.
1944 Eva Moe, 4, 123... Cairns 2 11 2 10 1 *4
(lSSDPfriwig, a. 153.Worthgtn 12 3 IS 2 12
2P77 T. Bharkey. 4, lZO.Bennt 3 4 2 3 4 3 4
1992 The Calfn. 4. 120.. .Ross 5 3 6 4 4
1944 Granger, a, 13S.. Johnson 4 5 •
Time— 3:5S?J. Good start Won easily. Sec
end and third driving. Winner, J. Fleming's
ch. m. by King Eric-Dutch Girl. Weight told
on Periwig. Eva won easily at the finish.
Balance no account. 'Pulled up. Scratched—
J O C 12S.
Betting— Eva Moe, 1; Periwig, 9-5; Tom
Eharkey, 12; The California!!, 40; Granger, 10.
20S0. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, J40O.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. hi. Str. Fin.
2053 Bogus Bill, 4, 108. Thorpe 15 2 3 h 2 H
2051 Kavator, 5. 109. See 4 4^42 3h
2043 Fondo. 3, 91 Walsh 3 3 2 2h 4 12
1935 Ldy Med'sme, 6, 102.M1U 6 6 6 5 1
1918 Birdie Stone. 3, 85.. Daly 5 2h 6 3 6
Time— »i. :26%; Ms. :5O»i; %. 1:16; mile, l:43V4.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Fred Cook's br. g. by Let
tijon-Anvolee. It was easy -for Havlland.
Bogus Hill, outrun first part, closed strong.
Fondo quit some near the nnlsb. Scratched —
Lomond 10S.
Bettinit— Haviland, 1-2; Bogus Bill, 6; Lava
tor. 15; Fondo, 10; Lady Meddlesome, 15; Birdie
Stone, 25.
2OOO. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; gelling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. >4. Str. Fin.'
2f-lO Isaline. 4. 106 Henry 3 2 ;* 2 2 1 n -
1940 Hermoso, 6, lll.-..Domnk 11% 1 h 2 4
2040 Hand'eppr, 4, 111.. Burns 2 4^46 31
2067 Espirando, 6, 102.Mlller 6 3 1 3 »4 4 8
It90-Tola. 3, 88 Walsh 4 5 5 6 12 5 12
Pearl, a. 100 Adams 5 6 6 6
Time— H. -24; %. :4S; %, l:14Vi. Oood start.
"Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, C. Llnd's b. m. by imp. Clieveden-Re
tecca.. Isaline much the best. Hermoso ran
a good, game race. Handlcapper did his best.
. Betting— Isaline. 7-10; Hermoso. 7: Handtcap
ter, 5-2; Espirando, 30; Tola, 10; Pearl, 100.
tOOl. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling:;
three-year-olds: purse, $400. ! ¦ ' '
Index. Horse. -.Wt, Jockey. St. hi- Str. Fin. "
2067 Seide, 110 H*nry 3 2 1 1 h 1 n •
2062 Ben. Caldwell, llO.OXon 6 6 3 >4 2 4
(2W2)Artena. 107 Thorpe 1 3h 4 5 3 3
20C7 Cantlnus. 110...Weddstrd 2 13 2 1 4 20
K38 Graylette. 110 Walsh 4 S % 6 6.
Time— %. :27: H. :52V4: W. l:O4»i; %. i:30%.
Good fctart. Won first three driving. Winner,
S. G Hlldreth's ch. c. by Azra-Flossle. O'Con
nor on Caldwell turned wide In the stretch or
be would have won. Selde was all out at the
finish. ¦ Cantlnus showed a trace of speed, but
f.uce was very slow. Scratched— Thornwild 107.
i Betting— Selde, 3-5; Benson Caldwell, 7-5; Ar
tena, 12; Cantlnus, 200; Graylette, 100.
CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART.
The match between Terry McGovern
and Dave Sullivan, which was', to be
fought before the Twentieth Century
Club of this city in April, has been de
clared off. That does not mean that the
"Terrible" Teddy will not appear, in a
local ring during April. He will be on
hand and opposed to him will be Oscar
Gardiner, a- feather-weight who once took
Sullivan's measure and who was once laid
low by the fierce onslaughts of Terry him
self.
The wires were kept hot last night with
Tim Hurst, manager of Sullivan, on one
side and Jim Kennedy, matchmaker of
the local club, on the other. Hurst, would
not guarantee the $1000 forfeit for weight
and the additional $1000 for, appearance
demanded by the Twentieth Century Club.
It is thought that the reasorKfor this is
that Sullivan knows that he could not
reach the 126-pound limit set in the agree
ment.
Negotiations by wire between Gardiner
and Kennedy and Harris. McGovern's
representative, were then conducted, the
result being a match between Gardiner
and McGovern for April 30 at 126 pounds.
Gardiner will leave . for this city im
mediately.
Harris has wired Jim Kennedy that he
will negotiate for a match between Mc-
Govern and Frank Erne upon his arrival
in San Francisco. ; Vi
Harrla "Wires That He Will Arrange
for a Subsequent Fistic Bat
tle With Frank
Erne.
Substituted for Sullivan,
Who Will Not Agreato '
Forfeit Terms.
McGDVERN WILL
MEET GARDINER
FAVORITES HAVE THEIR DAY
AT THE TANFORAN TRACK
TELEGRAPH HILL MAY ECHO
WITH WAILS OF DUELISTS
Italian Colony Is fluch Exercised Over a Prospective
Breach of Peace Between Two of Its flembers.
THE SAN FHANCISCO- CALL, WEDNESDAY^. MAKCH 13, 1901.
4
ADVEBTTSEMENTS. ? " '£* ,
DOCTOR I
MEYERS & CO. I
GIVB MEN |
Lasting Vigor!
And Cure the Following Ailments: |
Kidney Diseases Lost Manhood g
Bladder Diseases Sleeplessness a
Liver Diseases Despondency l\
Heart Diseases Nervous Debility |
Spine Diseases General Debility h
Stomach Diseases Loss of Memory rj
Private Diseases Blood Poison j-J
No incurable casea taken at any price, f
PAY WHEN CURED. I
Patients may deposit the price- o( i 1
cure In any San Francisco bank, to be p
paid only after they axe well, or may H
pay In monthly Installments. Price* S|
reasonable. .Ko Injurious medicines 3
used. £%
HOMO CURES. FREE BOOK. fj
Thousaada of m
man are cured S
/^£CSS^!&2 3Pf"«"» nt hom » every H
i§>^ cannot visit P
**Lc\ "T gan Francisco, flf
ttI* *niM <¦« i write for free B
fe?j?V^Ms^iv.il^ -^ cn e nve i°pes u
1 *^!^ ir.dicat* r.ame S
DR. MEYERS & CO. |
HOURS: Dally. 8 to 5. Evenings. 7 E
to %. Sunday*, 9 to IL ELEVATOR H
ENTRANCE. U
731 Market Street, F ra s n =?sc O . 1
DR. W0HO WOO TXA AND HIRB SAHITARnjJL
784-768 CLAY 8TBEET.
J|p^ £an Francisco. Dec. 24. 1900.
ffft To all whom It may concern:
\r In December. 1S99. 1 was talt-
« en sick with Black Typhoid
t Fever, the most virulent typ»
X known to medical science. I
Mv had hemorrhagea. both nasal
T*\* f nd Intestinal, eight of tha
i-mxr latter occurrlns In one day.
W'^ Dr. Wong Woo. the- eminent
Chinese physician, was called, ajid with cm
dose of his tea stopped the flow of blood, there-
by saving : :y life, as I had been given up by
my white physician, as well as by all my
friends. Wu unconsolous four weeks, but bjr Dr.
Wong Woo's wonderful skill he saved my lit*
from this most fatal of all fevers. Although I
was confined to my bed three months, was
able to resume my ¦ vocation In six month*
from the time I went to bed. and now I
weigh 203 pounds, more than X had ever at-
tained previously. I would cheerfully recom-
mend Dr. Wong Woo to any one In need of a
first-class physician for any cause whatsoever.
—RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Golden Gate ave..
San Francisco. Cal. ¦«.
0&_ _ CHICHrsJTCH'S CN6USM
Pennyroyal pills
H/HST^W .. . — ©Ha*»al and only eeaala«.
V // nv5v'-"E' Ai**j» relubie Ladle*. mi DrarftN
JMS JKifri «" CUICHKSTEK'S ESCUSU
tf*-**? i 4hS<\la I£EI» ant (iold iMUlMe bum. ¦<¦:>!
JT\ :^->fr<( wlt * »:»• rtkbon. Take bo •then Kefaao
T?1 *£* *ij I>«ietr«M SvbaUtatlons mud Inlta*
I / , fjj tlan*. B'J7 of jour Draff.it. or Mad Jr. in
I ~*. ft «» 1O P« *" PartleaUrs. TeatlaMalaU
\V* V ft5 tad "Relief for Ladle*." fc* Wtrar, b? nw
-J^. _- A tarn Mmll. HM»u«» re.itm«ai«',«. Sold !>»
Mention CU» p t? er ttadtora f-auur*. fllli.*.. K£
DDTTCUI7C FOR BAnBEna. bak-
iSKU biiii5 ssj^rsass- taS&:
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, fiourmtllj. foundries, laundries, paper*
i hangers, printers, painters, anoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
I BUCHANAN BROS.
. Crush Manufacturers, goq Sacramento Si
t\i 1 <^***5' p^ = * i-i^"^^"^ f \i-f i/h
tv\\ j&t ' 1a * no crro r a / UA
*)\!1J j& whcnlt is made I \ , >" iyf*
LStBl T^ with 1 If u A
wf /t u perfectly digestible, which t^n
UhW lard is not. It is cleanly and free 5^
», ¦ from disease-taint to which swine, *
it ' from which lard it made, are Gable. \
j Dyspeptics can with impunity
I enjoy food made with it. It goes
If ' twice as far as lard or butter and is
1 therefore cheaper. Wesson*! Salad
1 Oil is far greater value than the finest
\ . olive oil and has the .tame flavor.
A Ask. your friendly grocer to supply
(J you with Wesson's Oils.XOTE-^-The high and low waters occur at
the- city front (Misnton-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height cf tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at -Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 13.
Timo Ball.
"
Branch Hydrographic Office, 17. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
March 11. 1301. J
The.time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
¦ The Grand Jury, Is still ' Investigating
the -' methods pursued by - the Police De
partment In Chinatown. The Jury met
last night In the City Hair and examined
Grand Jury Interrogates Chlneis.
Dr. W. ~E. Dodd.. an oculist' of Butte,
Mcnt., arrived yesterday on the steam
ship Marirosa from Honolulu. Dodd was
reported amr.ng ' the victims of the. Rio
Janeiro rll?a3ler. but ho was not on the
ill -fated ' si earner.
¦Ajf-W. Jived, a brother of the doctor,
.irdvwho w:is formerly a Jeweler of Butte
was on/' tho Rio, however, and was
drownwl. ; T>r. Dodd caused a sensation
when he arrived. off the steamer yester
day and registered at the Occidental He-'
i«-l. : VTheii ¦ h«.« asked for his mail he wa*
told of the reports that had been oub
llshed that he bad been one of the Rio's
passengers.'-
DR. W. E. DODD IS NOT
VICTIM OF THE RIO
Arrives on Mariposa . and Explains
That His Brother Was on
- the Ship.
t ing Beauties.
. A harmless crank. . who possesses a de
sire I to haunt the windows . of private
houses and gaze upon women, last Thurs
day morning entered the sleeping apart
ments of Misses Viola and Helen Carter,
who reside at 517 Capp street. His en
trance Into the room aroused Miss Viola,
who Immediately screamed, causing the
peeper to beat a hasty retreat. .
The crank's doings In that section of
the city containing the Carter home have
been known to the police for almost two
years. . but as no complaint was ever
lodged " against him ¦ no attempt was
made to arrest him. On several occasions
the fellow has visited the Carter residence
and In one instance he appeared at the
bathroom window while one of the young
ladles was taking a plunge. He. has al
ways been deemed a harmless crank and
this is the first time, as far as is known,
that he ever entered a house.
J. K. Carter, ..when seen at his. place of
business to-day.' stated that his daugh
ters had never been ¦ molested or accosted
on the street by the Intruder. .He em
phatically denied that one of the girls had
been- drugged or that any attempt had
been made to remove her from her bed.
He. Cnters Their Room for Purpose
of Gazing Upon Fair of Slecp-
GIRLS FRIGHTENED BY
A HARMLESS CRANK
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. in the order of ¦ occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tld»
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, a* sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sl*n precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
Klven by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
The Falls of Garry has been chartered prior
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OP THE OCEA3T.
Matters of Interest to Mariners* and
"Watfr Front Ifotss.
Jesse C. Stuart, a stevedore work'njr on
the steamship Alex Duncan,' was knocked
overboard yesterday. He fell between the
vessel and the wharf'and sustained a lac
erated .wound of the scalp and a possible
fracture of. the skull. He was treated at
the Harbor Hospital.
Gus Allen, a driver for Sturdivant Bros.,
coal dealers, was • nearly killed on the
front yesterday. A Mission-street car got
on the wrong track and crashed into Al
len's waeon. The t*am ran and Allen
was thrown out and the wagon passed
over him. At the Harbor Hospital It was
found that both legs were badly bruised
and that he was suffering from possible
Internal Injuries.
The battleship Wisconsin started for
Magdalena Bay for target practice at 12:15
p. m. yesterday. On her return here she
will go to China to relieve the Orcrcn.
The schooner James A. Garfleld took
possession of Main-street wharf yesterday
and It took the combined efforts of Chief
Wharfinger Percy Henderson and a dozen
longshoremen to move her. Captain Rls
turn threatened to do bodily harm to any
man who would attempt to throw off his
lines. The hark W. H. Macey wanted to
KPt out, while the ship Llewellyn J. Morse
wanted to get Into her place. The Gar
field blocked the way, however, and Cap
tain Risturn would not budge. When
Chief Henderson Jumped aboard the cap
tain rushed at him and tried to throw him
overboard.
For several hours the skipper held the
fort, and then in a quiet moment the
lines were slyly cast off and before Ris
turn knew it his schooner had drifted out
from the dock. The matter will be re
ported to the Harbor Commissioners to
day.
Captain Risturn in Trouble.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
boat Mariposa arrived from Honolulu yes
terday, a day ahead of time. Captain
Rennie says that the news of the loss of
the Rio de Janeiro caused grCat conster
nation throughout the entire Hawaiian
group. An hour after the arrival of the
Marlposa the news had been flashed by
wireless telegraphy to the remotest island
of the group, while all of Oahu was noti
fied by telephone. G.F. Henshall and W.
E. Dodd. who came up on the mail boat,
had brothers on the Rio. They will re
main here some time In the hopes that
the bodies mav come ashore.
The Mariposa breught the following
named cabin passengers:
S. T. Alexander, W. M. Alexander. Mrs. J.
W- Allen, A. II. Bacheldor. \V. \V. Bruner,
H. A. Baldwin and wife, Charles Bellstedt.
John Bayle, Miss Bayle, E. F. Bishop, A. Carr,
H. E. Cuthbert, F. L. Decker, 1\ G. Douse,
wife and child. Mr*, and Mm. Dorward and
son, R. Dallett, W. K. Dodd. W. P. Fox. Mrs.
\V. M. Giltard. Miss Giffard. A. Gartley. \V. S.
GoodMlow and wife. Mrs. Hendry and famhy,
Carl Jensen, Mies Killean, Mr. and Mrs. Kahn
and daughter, K. I^ayton, Rev. Hamilton Lee,
I. Levlngston, A. E. Laeey, R. Miller, Andrew
Moor*, wife and two children; Mrs. Owens,
G. M. Rolph. Captain Rlley, H. H. Scovll,
T. A. Stewart. Mrs. E. Stewart." J. S. Spilzer,
J. Flmpyon. wife and daughter: Georee Tour
ny, S. A. Teal. J. W. Van. Bergen. Miss Ves
tal. S. A. Watson. G. T. Walker, E. C. Wilson.
Mies L. Walker, J. W. Walker, A. B. Well and
L. E. Williams. /
Arrival of the Mariposa.
A warm welcome was given the Thir
tieth Infantry upon its arrival at the Pre
sidio yesterday. The regiment was met
at the wharf by a battalion of the Eight
eenth Infantry, two squadrfins of cavalry,
a company of convalescents and the Third
Artillery Band. Fully 20C0 soldiers and
hundreds of civilians greeted the return
ing heroes from the roadside, while fully
1000 more thronged the camp on the hill
side to which the Thirtieth was escorted.
Welcomed at Presidio.
to sail;
Military Band Concert and Dance.
The First Infantry Band, National
Guard of California, gave Its fourt.**
monthly concert and dance at the armory
corner of Page and Gough streets, las*,
night. The affair, like its 'predecessors,
was most successful and the music was
up to the usual high standard. The con
cert lasted till 9:30 and dancing, then con
tinued till midnight.
els, for Kahului. March 5-Br stmr Wyefleld,
for Manila..
Arrived Feb 2S— Schr Olga, from Newcastle.
Aus; Nor bark Fantasi, from Newcastle. Aus;
schr Transit, from Newcastle. Aus. March 2 —
Stmr Mariposa, hence Feb 23. March 3— Sent
John A Campbell, from Port Blakeley. March
4— Brig John D Spreckels. from Guam; Br stmr
¦\Vyefleld. hence Feb 20. for Manila, put In fr
coal: Ger bark Paul Isenberg. from Bremen:
ship Columbia, from Seattle.
IIILO— Arrived Feb 22— Bark Annie Johnson,
hence Feb 6.
Sailed Fern 27 — Schr O M Kellogg, for Mahu
kona: bark Martha Davis, for San Francisco.
In port — Schr Jennie Wand and ship Falls of
Clyde. >
KAHULUI — Arrived Feb 23 — Schr Mary
Dodge, from Tacoma.
Sailed Feb 2i— Brie Lurllne. for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Feb 20-Br stmr St Bede.
for Oregon. . . ' . '
SHIELDS— Balled March 10— Br ship Thal
atta. for San Francls-co.
PRWIyE POINT — Passed March 9 — Ital ship
Francesco Clampa, from Newcastle, England,
for San Francisco. '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived March 10— Ship Kenil
worth. hence Nov 7.
LEITH— Arrived. March 10— Ger bark Sollde.
from Port Blakeley.
FALMOUTH— Sailed March 11— Br ship Glen
ard, for Cardiff; Fr bark La Fontaine, for Liv
erpool. March 12— Br ship Genista, for Sharp-
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed March 11— Schr
"W H Talbot. for Honolulu.
Sailed March 12— Bktn Mary Winkelman, for
Kehel ?
Arrived March 12— ShlD Gov Robie, from Syd
ney, to load for Honolulu.
GL'AYMAS — Arrived March 12 — Bktn Gardi
ner City, from Ballard. • »
OCEAN STEAMERS,
NEW YORK— Arrived March 12— Stmr As
toria, from Glasgow, for Movllle: stmr West
crnland, from Antwerp and Southampton.
Sailed March 12— Stmr Teprlc. for Liverpool.
Arrived March 12 — Stmr HesDerla, from
Genoa, LeKhorn and Naples. «
BREMEN— Arrived March 12-Stmr Rheln,
from New York.
LONDON- Arrived March 12— Stmr Mlnne
haha. from New • Tork.
TORY ISLAND— Passed March 12— Stmr Eth
iopia, from New York, for Glasgow. ;
UBIIANT— Passed March 12— Stmr Glenlochy,
from Tacomn. via Naples, for Liverpool.
BOULOGNE- Arrived March 12— Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed March 12— Stmr Pennsyl
vania from Hambur?. for New York.
BOSTON— Arrived March 12— Stmr Ultonia,
from Liverpool.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
a number of Chinese witnesses, but was
unable to secure any convincing: testi
mony. Wons Hing: was the first Celestial
to be placed on the stand. To all tha
questions put to him concerning the pay
ment of money to the police officers or
duty In the Chinese quarter he answered
that he knew nothing. • He was asked if
he thought It was possible to stop graxn
bllnp and answered that he was sure It
could be done. Jim Wong, an employe
of a gas company, was then called. The
Jury was compelled to dismiss him. as
there was no interpreter present. The
Jury then adjourned until Friday at 3
p. m. >•„<>
William Redon. cook. Fourth Cavalry: Sam
"W. Hutnlar. Company C. Forty-seventh In
far.^ry; Frank Ott. Company K. Fortieth In-
Edward Cross, late private Company D.
Twelfth Infantry: Jeremiah Sullivan, late
Troop G, Fourth Cavalry; Philip Lemleux. late
private. Company I. Thirteenth Infantry;
James Henderson. late private Company L,
Thirteenth Infantry, and Charles Fields, late
private Company E, Twenty-fourth Infantry.
The remains of the following privates
who died in Manila were brought over on
the Hancock:
All told, the HancocK brought up S7S
passengers. Of these, twenty-six were
officers and 73* "non-ccms." and privates
of the Thirtieth Volunteer Infantry. Th;
transport left Manila with 74? volunteer
in the rar.ks. but two men of Compaiv
U. three of Company K. and four of Com
pany M got left at Nagasaki. To offset
the loss of these men. Private J. R. Moore,
Company L, Twenty-seventh Infantry;
Bernard Downev, CompanV H, Twenty
seventh Infantry: Privates Louis. L.
Raker. Company B. Twenty-seventh in
fantry; Charles H. King. bahd. Ninth In
fantry and Melvln IL Pehce. private.
Company H. Sixteenth Infantry, joined
the transport at the Japanese mort.
. Accompanying the regiment were tw>
contract nurses— Miss Marietta Meech and
Miss Minnie H. Ruble— and nine members
of the hospital corps. \
The Hancock brought up seventy-two
prisoners, who were landed an Alcatraz.
Two of these are under life sentences.
James Dugan. Troop E. Eleventh Cavalry,
killed a comrade during a quarm, and he
•will have to s<»rve r.lnctr-nine years. E!l
wood Morgan ("colored*. Company L.
Forty-ninth Infantry, assaulted u Filipino
woman. He also grot a life sentence.
The following "dishonorably diFcharged"
men were deported ftora Manila on Iba
Hancock:
Besides Mate Sloan. H. McGIverns. water
tender: John Jackson, seaman, and Bii
Kalb. second butcher or the transport Bu
ford were brought along. They all missed
thplr vr-Fsel at Manila.
Mr». L M. Keehler. wife of Captain Keeh
ler: Mrs. P. P. Rewslter, wife of Assistant
n<?«Uer; Mrs. M. F. Steele, wife of
Major Steele; Mrs. C. E. Reese, wife of Cap
tain R<*ese; Mrs. H. K. Strove (nee Boruck).
wife of Captain Struve of the Hancock; John
R. Parson*: W. D. Bloan. formerly fourth of
ficer of the transport Buford. and Frank
Brown. Vice Consul at Hankow, China, his
wife and child, an-1 William Phillips, clerk
In the United States Postal Department.
Major M. F. Eteele. in command; Captains
C. E. Reese, a-JJutant. and F. H. Burton,
quartermaster: Lieutenant A. H. Eber, aeslet
unt surgeon: Captains K. M. Burr. G. G.
Scranton. M. F. Webb. F. W. Latimer, E. R.
Smith F. D. New-berry. E. T. Miller and J.
\V Porterfield : Lieutenants F. D. Buckingham,
E R Tcrr.rklr.s. C. 8. Tarlten. J. J. Foley,
V C Peckenpaugh. K. L. TVhitscn. W. F.
Pmeic' C. V. Iie«r. E. J. Ellison. F. W. Ral
n^n Jr. A. H. Bradford. R. H. Cullck, W. R.
Downey and W. n. ¦svallace.
The following named were the Chilians
in the cabin:
General James R. Campbell. U. S. V.;
Colcnel A. "W. CotUe*. L". S. A.; Lieutenant
Commander B. O. Scott, U. B. X.: Captain
L.. M. Kochler. Fourth Cavalry, and Dr. G. IL
Rlchardscn/ccling: assistant surgeon.
The following named are the officers of
the Thirtieth Infantry:
tww^HE army transport Hancock and
II the Oceanic Steamship Company's
j I Martposa both made port early
Jl yesterday morning. It was thought
the Buford would get in before
the Hancock, ns she Jeft Manila seven
Cays before the latter verse!. It now looks
as'if the Buford would not get In until to
day.
On Sunday morr.ir.E last, in latitude SS
degrees north, longitude 125 west, iha
Hancock passed the Buford. The latter
was rot raaiir.? very good time, as she Is
very foul, not having been docked since
Fhe left New York a year ago 1 . The Kll
patrirk will also be along In a few days.
She left Manila the same time as th*
Hancock, but was beaten thirty-six v ours
lrto Nagasaki.
The following named came up In the
cabin on the Hancock:
Private John L. Fox of Company A has
a thrilling' story of adventure to tell. On
January IS. 1900. he was captured in the
province of Laeruna de Bay by the Fili
pinos and held prisoner until the first
week In September, 1900. He made four
attempts to escape, but every time he got
lost In the bush and was recaptured. Fox
says the insurgents treated him well, but
nevertheless he never lost an opportunity
to get away. Finally they got tired of
caring for him and voluntarily took him
to within walking distance of the Ameri
can lines.
Captains Porterfleld and Newberry of
companies M and A distinguished them
selves in an engagement with General Ma
lolos. The Filipinos were intrenched on
the side of a mountain and their position
was deemed impregnable. The two com
panies of the Thirtieth made several at
tempts to storm the position, but each
time were driven back. Finally on a pitch
dark night they succeeded and captured
the entire Filipino detachment with the
exception of General Malolos and two of
his staff.
Brigadier General Campbell, •who came
home on the Hancock, formerly represent
ed the Twentieth Congressional District
of Illinois In the House of Representa
tives. He resigned his seat In order to
organize the Ninth Illinois Infantry and
went with that regiment to Cuba as its
colonel. From Cuba he went to the Phil
ippines as lieutenant colonel with the
Thirtieth Infantry. Later he was pro
moted to a brigadier generalship and was
ordered to report at Washington. D. C.
He speaks very highly of the Thirtieth
and says the men saw more hard fighting
than any other regiment In the islands.
From the Philippines.
Warworn Volunteers Brought Home
BORE BBTJNT OF BATTLE,
fantry; Charles C. Kolkey, Company K, Sixth
Infantry: Elmer E. Ileelhorn, signal corps, and
James H. Wilson, corporal Company L, Sec
ond Infantry.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb 21— Schr Eureka, for
Grays Harbor. Feb 22— Bark B P Cheney, for
Puget Sound. Feb 28— U S stmr Sheridan, for
Manila; Ger Btmr Eva, for Yokohama; • bark
Ceylon, for San Francisco. March 1— Schr Chas
K Falk, for Grays Harbor; Nor bark Passepar
tout. 1 for Port Townsend ; bark Haydn Brown,"
for Port Townsend: ship James Drummond, for
Port Townsend. March . 2— Schr Reporter, for
Port Townsend: stmr American," for Kahulul
and New York. March 3— Bark R P. Rlthet. for
San Francisco. March 4— Brig John D Spreck-
ISLAND PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed in March 12— Stmr Mat
teawan, hence March 9, for Tacoma; stmr
Robert Dollar, from sea. under canvas. .
TACOMA— Sailed March 12— Schr Glendale.
for San Francisco; schr Lottie Bennett, for
San Pedro. ¦ .
SAN DIEGO-Salled March 11— Br stmr
Milton, from Nanalmn.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived March 12— Stmr Acme,
hence March 9.
VENTURA— Sailed March 12— Stmr Geo Loo
mls, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived March 12— Schr
Robert R Hind, from Kahulul.
Arrived March 12— Schr Philippine, from Port
Townsend. "
COOS BAY— Sailed Maroh 12— Schr Monterey
and stmr Homer, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 11— Schr C A
Thayer. from Grays Harbor.
PORT HADLOCK-Sailed March 12— Slchr
Oceania Vance, for San Diego.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 12— Stmr Thistle,
hence' March 9; echr Maid of Orleans, hence
March 1. • •
SEATTLE— Arrived March 12— Stmr Dlrlgo,
from Dyea: Btmr Senator, from Dyea; Btmr
Victorian, from Skajuay.
Palled March 11— Stmr Cottage City, for
Sltka.
Sailed March 12^ — Schr A M Baxter, for San
Pedro :j stmr Ruth, for Astoria.
POI^T LOBOS— Passed March 12. at 10:30
a m— Br stmr Warfleld. from Comox, for Port
PORT TOTVN'SEND— Passed In March 12—
Stmr Senator, from Dyea; Br stmr Victorian,
from Alaska.'
Arrived March 12 — Ger ship Anna, from
Callao.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per U S stmr Hancock— March 10. passed U
S -stmr Buford, from Manila, for San Fran
cisco.
Per Ger ship Otto Glldermeister — Sailed from
Yokohama on Nov 15. 1900, bound for Portland.
Experienced a succession of gales from ESE.
On Dec 5. in lat 45 N, Ion 174 W. had a heavy
S and SE gale. The fore and main topgallant
masts broke and the main topsail yards went
by the board, the foremast broke half way up
and the main tornnast broke off short at the
top. The foremast came down and hunsr by
the yards, pounding against the sides of thu
ship. The yards came down on the boats,
smashing them and doing considerable damage
on deck. After- experiencing several gales on
the coapt, was taken in. tow by tug National
City and towed In to San Diego Feb 23. Sailed
from San Diego March 8.
MEMORANDUM.
Stmr Robert Dollar returned to Neah Bay
March 12. Lost propeller 18 miles south of
Cape Flattery.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Jan SO, lat 56 N, Ion 63 W— Br ship Portia,
from Portland, for Queenstown. ** -
Feb 24. no positions — Ship Dirigo, hence Oct
20, for Liverpool.
Jan 2S, lat 21 53 N, Ion 129 53 W r — Br bark
St Mary's Bay. from Tacoma, for Algoa Bay.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS. March 12. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Tuesday, March 12.
Stmr State of California, Jepsen, Victoria,
etc.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, — »-.
Stmr Kureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Btmr Bonita, Xopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Guthrie, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. .
IT S stmr Wisconsin. Relter, Magrdalena Bay.
Whaling stmr Wm Baylies. Cottle, whaling.
Fr bark Satnte Anne, Eernler. Queenatown.
Schr Sparrow, Clement, Eureka.
Schr Free Trade, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
Tuesday, March 12.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Br ship Celticburn, Davidson. • Queenstown:
Eppinger & Co.
Br ship Lord Cairns, Davies, Queenstown:
J J Moore & Co. j
Bark Santiago. Engalls, Hllo: J D Spreckels
& Bros . Co.
CLEARED.
Ptmr Pomona. Shea, IS hours from Eureka.
XT -S 'stmr Hancock, Struve, 23 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 17 days.
Gor Fhin Otto Glldermelster. Wiimsen. 117
days from Yokohama, via San Diego 3 days.
Br schr Alexander, Kalb. 33 days from Pe*
atlon Bay.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. March 12.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, 4 days 20 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Marlposa, Rennlne, 6 days 10H hours
Shipping Intelligence.
An additional manifest has been reported at
the Custom House for the steamer Curacao,
•which sailed Saturday for Mexican ports. The
manifest was valued at $12,696 and included
the fojlowlng merchandise: 2 crs machinery,
17.94S lbs beane. 55 pkfrs groceries and pro
visions. 20 pkffs vegetables. 1745 rbs nuts. 11
pkgs raisins. 10 bales dry goods, 20 kegs nails,
7 colls cordage, 74 cs hardware, 10 grindstones,
7 bale* hose. 20 sheets steel, 20 bdla S5 bars
Iron, 3547 lbs butter. 30 cs canned milk, 44S1
Jbs cheese. lS.cs. wine, 14.E&7 lbs coffee. 41 c«
paint. 16.000 rbs mineral brown. 130 cs turpen
tine, 150 cs linseed oil. 150 bbls cement, 100
crs potatoes, 231 crs miscellaneous produce.
An Additional Manifest.
The British ship Lord Calms was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 45,483
ells wheat valued at M6.393 and 13,676 ft lum
ber as dunnage valued at $250.
The British ship Celticburn cleared for the
same port with 93.542 ctls wheat valued at
J100.&00 and 2S.000 ft dunnage valued at $424.
Shipments of Wheat.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer State of California sailed yes
tprday for Victoria with the following- cargo
valued at $7939: 6 cs arms and ammunition,
S210 lbs butter, 800 Tits beans. 53 ¦ cs . canned
goods, 12 cs clocks, 1233 Fba coffee. 10 tons chop
feed. COO rt« chocolate, 72S0 rbs dried fruit.
263 pkgs fruit. 59 pkgs groceries and provisions,
28 cs honey, 6 cs hardware, 1200 ft lumber,
35 cs lemons, C0.705 itn malt, 150 tins matches.
320 pkg3 machinery, 15 kegs molasses, 50 bbls
oil, 2S8 bxs oran^ep, 10 bules paper. 130 cs paste,
!6 pes pipe. 10 bxs ralstns. 14 cs syrup, 10 sks
sweet potatoes. 337 lbs tobacco, 1S2 pkgs veg
etables, 230 gals wine, 3133 lT>s wax.
to arrival to load lumber on Puget Sound for
Sydney, 60s.
UNITED STATES ARMT TRANSPORT HANCOCK AND OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S MARIPOSA MAKING
PORT YESTERDAY MORNING. THE HANCOCK BROUGHT HOME THE THIRTIETH INFANTRY FROM THE
PHILIPPINES AND THE MARIPOSA PASSENGERS AND MAIL FROM HONOLULU.
With a smooth jea the Japanese are
confident that they can again place the
drag rope on the -vreck as ¦was done by
them last week. Another trial will be
made as soon as the weather is favorable.
Starting from Fort Point the launches
and boats attempted to reach Mile Rock,
tut after going about an eighth of a mile
the heavy swell carried the ropes from
the deck fastenings. A second trial was
mode with like result, and though the
Japanese clung persl&tently to the work
it was found to be Impossible to achieve
any success.
The bar was breaking heavily when the
launches and boat3 started to pay out
the 600 fathoms of rope and attached lines
and it was with the greatest difficulty
that the men could work on the limited
space of the decks of the launches.
The Japanese divers of the firm of T.
Mori & Co. made another attempt yes
terday to find the Rio de Janeiro by drag
ging the Golden Gate with weighted ropes.
It Is a fact which has not been pub
lished heretofore that Major Blakeney has
edited and altered ' the shorthand tran
script of the testimony and proceedings in
thecase. On the days when the Investi
gation was in progress and the reporters
were present Sergeant Major Blakeney or
dered the shorthand reporter to strike out
of the transcript certain passages to which
he objected. A.t least one-fourth of the
matter in the questions put by him was
thus stricken out. Including notes evidenc
ing his displays of bad temper and irrita
bility! After the transcript had been man
gled and doctored to his satisfaction, the
witnesses were allowed to sign their testi
mony. This garbled transcript is to be
sent to "Washington as the shorthand re
port of the testimony and proceedings of
the so-called investigation, i It is a fact
also that Sergeant Major Blakeney re
fused to allow Ward McAllister, counsel
for the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
to ask certain questions of the witnesses,
and for that reason Mr. McAllister ab
sented himself after last Friday from the
farcical investigation. He left the ser
geant major alone In his glory to bullv
Hodgson and Elllngson and insult the
press which had dared tell the truth about
his Improper method of conducting an In
vestigation ordered by his superiors.
JAPANESE AGAIN TBY
TO LOCATE THE WRECK
Ground Swell Carries Away Drag
Bope and Men "Work in
Great Danger.
Sergeant Major Blakeney, superintend
ent of the Life-savlngr Department of the
Twelfth District, evidently thinks his of
fice is a private room devoted to him
self and Inaccessible to the public. Just
as some officials think that public office
is a Drlvate cinch. "When the newspaper
reporters called yesterday for the pur
pose of witnessing the Interesting cere
mony of the witnesses signing the tran
scripts of their testimony, and the ser
geant major's editing the same, he met
them at the door and informed them that
they could not come in; that he was not
"receiving company."
Present at the Signing of Tes
timony in the Bio
Case.
Declines to Allow. Reporters to Bs
The Hen of This Regiment Did Gallant Work In
Chasing the Insurgents Out of Luzon.
Report.
Garbles and Mutilates the
Official Shorthand
BLAKENEY EDITS
THE TRANSCRIPTS
HANCOCK COMES INTO PORT
WITH THIRTIETH INFANTRY
THE SAN FRANCISCO aLL, WEDNESDAY, MAECH 13, 1901.
5
Steamer.
From;
I Due.
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor ; Mar. 13
Australia Tahiti ; Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports. u.. Mar 1?
Corona Newport Mar. 13
Tucapel.. Valparaiso & Way Port Mar. 13
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Mar 13
Nome City...... Ran Diego Mar. "13
Newport Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 13
Ktnplre Coos Bay Mar. 13
Hyades Seattle ...: ...JMar 13
Chlco ;. Tlllamook Bay ..|Mar. It
Argro Coqullle River I Mar. 14
Robt. Dollar... Seattle |Mar. 14
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 14
Leeianaw ... Seattle : |Mar. 14
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 14
Santa Rosa.'.... San Diego Mar. 14
Tltania Xanalmo Mar. 14
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City .. Mar. IS
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 15
Eureka Humboldt ....? Mar. 15
Argyll Now York via Panama Mar. 15
City of Peking. China and Japan Mar. 15
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 13
Santa Barbara San Pedro Mar. 15
Rainier San Pedro '. Mar. 15
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay Mar. 13
Kvarven Japan via San Dlei?o.. Mar. 16
O. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Mar. IS
Coronado San Pedro Mar. IS
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 17
Willamette.,... Oyster Harbor Mar. 17
Acme Tlllamook Bay Mar. 17
lionlta Newport Mar. 17
Queen San Diego Mar. 17
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. 17
San Pedro Humboldt ...|Mar. 1«
Sonoma... Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. IS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports |Mar. IS
Steamer.
I
Destination.
[Sails. I Pier.
• March 13. [ |
Xewburg... .. Grays Harbor 5 pr. Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 8
Alex. Duncan Santa Cruz 2 pm Pier 11
Queen.. San DIpro !> am Pier 11
Grace Dollar Grays Harbor 5 pm! Pier 32
March 14. | |
Pomona. .r,.. Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbla.Tt. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Artro Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City..; Humboldt io am Pier 2
. " March 15. •
Australia.... Tahiti 4 pm Pier 7
Amer. Maru. China and Japan... 1 pm PUSS
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Empire....... Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Mnrch 10. [ |
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 10 amlPler 2
Arcnta....... Coos Bay 12 mlPier 13
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier ¦ 7
Coronado Orays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coquille River Pier 2
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Barbar Seattle direct 10 am Pier 2
Marrh 17. I I
Eureka. Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Walla Walla. Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Dieso 9 am Pier 11
Mnrch IS. j
W. Kruper... Tlllamook Bay .... S pm Pier 13
Newport Panama & "Way Pt 12 m PUSS
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
• March 10.
G. W. Elder. A«toria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
Acme TUlamook Bay Pier
r.onlta. Newport" | 9 am PJer 11
Sun rises J «:21
Sun Bets «:15
Moon rises (third quarter) 1:05 a. m.
0 Time Time " Tlmel Time
p Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
» H W L. W H W L. W
12... 4:19 6.0 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 1.3
14 ... 5:21 4.9 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4
L, W H W L W H W
1". ... 0:44 3.0 6:34 5.0 1:34 0.3 8:43 4.7
18 ... 1:45 2.6 7:40 5.2 2:25 0.2 9:23 6.0
17 ... 2:38 2.0 8:42 5.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 5.3
18 ... 3:25 1.5 9:40 5.5 3:56 0.2 10:32 5.5
19 ... 4:12 0.9 10:33 5.6 4:38 0.4 11:08 5.7
Sun rises J «:21
Sun Bets «:15
Moon rises (third quarter) 1:05 a. m.
0 Time Time " Tlmel Time
p Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
» H W L. W H W L. W
12... 4:19 6.0 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 1.3
14 ... 5:21 4.9 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4
L, W H W L W H W
1". ... 0:44 3.0 6:34 5.0 1:34 0.3 8:43 4.7
18 ... 1:45 2.6 7:40 5.2 2:25 0.2 9:23 6.0
17 ... 2:38 2.0 8:42 5.4 3:10 0.1 10:00 5.3
18 ... 3:25 1.5 9:40 5.5 3:56 0.2 10:32 5.5
19 ... 4:12 0.9 10:33 5.6 4:38 0.4 11:08 5.7
Steamer.
I
Destination.
[Sails. I Pier.
• March 13. [ |
Xewburg... .. Grays Harbor 5 pr. Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 8
Alex. Duncan Santa Cruz 2 pm Pier 11
Queen.. San DIpro !> am Pier 11
Grace Dollar Grays Harbor 5 pm! Pier 32
March 14. | |
Pomona. .r,.. Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbla.Tt. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Artro Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City..; Humboldt io am Pier 2
. " March 15. •
Australia.... Tahiti 4 pm Pier 7
Amer. Maru. China and Japan... 1 pm PUSS
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Empire....... Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Mnrch 10. [ |
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 10 amlPler 2
Arcnta....... Coos Bay 12 mlPier 13
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier ¦ 7
Coronado Orays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coquille River Pier 2
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Santa Barbar Seattle direct 10 am Pier 2
Marrh 17. I I
Eureka. Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Walla Walla. Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Dieso 9 am Pier 11
Mnrch IS. j
W. Kruper... Tlllamook Bay .... S pm Pier 13
Newport Panama & "Way Pt 12 m PUSS
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
• March 10.
G. W. Elder. A«toria ft Portland 11 am Pier 24
Acme TUlamook Bay Pier
r.onlta. Newport" | 9 am PJer 11
Steamer.
From;
I Due.
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor ; Mar. 13
Australia Tahiti ; Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports. u.. Mar 1?
Corona Newport Mar. 13
Tucapel.. Valparaiso & Way Port Mar. 13
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Mar 13
Nome City...... Ran Diego Mar. "13
Newport Panama & Way Ports. Mar. 13
Ktnplre Coos Bay Mar. 13
Hyades Seattle ...: ...JMar 13
Chlco ;. Tlllamook Bay ..|Mar. It
Argro Coqullle River I Mar. 14
Robt. Dollar... Seattle |Mar. 14
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 14
Leeianaw ... Seattle : |Mar. 14
Point Arena Point Arena Mar. 14
Santa Rosa.'.... San Diego Mar. 14
Tltania Xanalmo Mar. 14
Tellus Oyster Harbor Mar. 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City .. Mar. IS
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 15
Eureka Humboldt ....? Mar. 15
Argyll Now York via Panama Mar. 15
City of Peking. China and Japan Mar. 15
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 13
Santa Barbara San Pedro Mar. 15
Rainier San Pedro '. Mar. 15
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay Mar. 13
Kvarven Japan via San Dlei?o.. Mar. 16
O. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. Mar. IS
Coronado San Pedro Mar. IS
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 17
Willamette.,... Oyster Harbor Mar. 17
Acme Tlllamook Bay Mar. 17
lionlta Newport Mar. 17
Queen San Diego Mar. 17
Mattewan Tacoma Mar. 17
San Pedro Humboldt ...|Mar. 1«
Sonoma... Sydney & Way Ports.. Mar. IS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports |Mar. IS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPELL IT tUCm APDS IF YOU
DfSIPE ONLY ANOTHER TEST
OF ITS M*P£%ESS TO Ct'RE
STARTED RIGHT, other remedies tor Pile* »crc
M-roni: ONE application relieves, future ones
CL'RL 9SO P.cmrd for an incurable case
Arc vou willinj; to *uflcr with Plies when TWO
DOLLARS brinfi permanent relief '
This wonderful cure for Piles for pale by the
following L'P-TO-DATK DHUGGISTS:
J. S. Ports Drug: Co.. distributing depot for
San Francisto, 1016 Market et.
Lion Pharmacy. K.2 Market Bt.. cor. Stockton.
McDonald's Pharmacy. 108W5rsint ave.
J. CaleB«riG. Kearny and Pacific Bts.
J. H. Boyscn. Twenty-flr*t and Valencia ata.
Dahlbenrier A Co., 214 Kearny eL.
Val J^chmidfs. Polk an-J Jackson «ta.
The Grant Dru« Co., S&-4C Third at.
r>r. H. B. Klllxjurn. Kl Third st.
Van Nesa Pharmaxy, Market and Vaa Ness.
TTm. J. Bryan, under Grand Hotel.
N. S. Thompson. Fteuart and Market Bts.
Root>. filrth and Howard ale.
Park Hotel Phxrnwc/. Alameda.
Bender> Alameda Pharmacy. Alameda.
niley'a Drur Store. Alameda.
Pond's Berkeley Pharmacy, Berkeley.
Oc£cod Bros.. Seventh and Broadway, Oakland.
Protect Yourself Against Substitution |
By ALWAYS USING the '" FULL NAME," A
sfBHfi HM9fckT nno /Jt^ ihv >wsk ffffiifl% ~ ¦*****&
Read this testimonial from Professor W. H. Mays, M. D., J
" For many years I havo resarde'd Ilnnyadl Jnnos »s a most efficient Aperient Water. P
¦¦ easy of administration and prompt and reliable In Its action. For Constipation In those . ")
of sedentary habit or bilious temperament I can find nothlns better." W. H. Mays. f»
,¥%?;• 880 ' o« Oynecolouy at tho San Francisco Polyclinic. Post Graduate Medical . jf
Department. University of California. U83^. . "•
For Constipation or Stomach Disorders, f
•(hUNYADI-JANOS? HAS NO EQUAL. O
THE EMPOBJUM. | TEE EMPOEIUM. | THE ZMPOEXTJM.
$ "Gay Coney Island"— 1h$. Great {Mechanical Shaw — Exhibition Hall, second floor, Free.%
I Spring Opening Days S¥HlUnery,\
I Cloaks, Dresses, Waists and f
I Ladies' Tailor MusBift Wear. Dressmaking i
* Department . * Department 5
g Opening Day m Opening Day v J
I- ¦•¦'/¦•?.-•' -'• : ; ' — : — ~ ¦ |
| Important Sale Sfeave Button Sale. Special Sale |
S Handkerchiefs. On , w^««^ <& jt j& Club Bags. 5
* l /i % VMlSv tacturer had of one p'ated link but- U7*^=aC) **^ tatJon of al " Jr^J^&^^^^^ J€
K /¥/ M \ ! l]\ N!«f Lid"' tns, r.lend*. !^ ltor , iWn . /?tffliFJ&Q§£lSk i
& /»'/ \|B^ Hand kerchiefs— fomc with opaline and mother cf pearl 8:t- trirs loc k V^CTOQ^g8H§FW %
X A^LI ¦ N2p brought them to fnj-, torn-, engraved cn J t; regu'arly -,_ »nd catches, X^Qcg^S^^^^/ \
** Ic3fr57r* SS§ " 1* A us at a ritt ' e more *5c»pa'r; will be sold at.... IZC CMt J t LneJ » 5
*. **jl W t "^^i than ha f regular w th pocket insiJe. On «:*ciil tae this day X
X PfifcSi 1 E^ycotf. They are — «»>*. 5
* SS£&I^&^' th C 25c£«deo- . ¦ S'« Regularly Special ' X
| 53 Ss J~"?T* B 2 Ho ZZ »P-::::::£::::::::::::2fSj|
i hiniktiM*!:, m Special To-day, 23c ia :° c f" 8 s c B9o$
| iiaMI we s »« ; : *0$£$M ."^:::::::: $ ';:, I ;:::::::::iIg|
g C •' black, purpe in', fardina', black or wh : te 17 inches J1.25 Q3c S
a? dor, and navy with whit: dot; rerer ofF^rci — ; LLU-L* * *•* * .*
S " !?¦ ;""" 3 s« ¦ f" '•p.Mfi 99 Saeolal Sale S
I Men's Underwear •-"«*^r««> . Z3e Red Table Covers. 5
*V . S3 Dm ~ A ra P ex5or qoiity cardinal table coven, with V
* .... __ . _ ''¦ neat wni; e bord;n, 8 «:aHc also as lunch -i
fc A fortunate purchae of a $1.50 graleofMens BUrtti LC fit her clofhi, fas: coxn; two rzrs cf these excd-'J
K Underwea*; fl eced with pu-c »ilk; wi'l be _^ ¦ -*— lent clo'hs on spera' nV to-day on'vt V
t£ placed on spcral tJ.e to-day at a litte more OfafffJV JtiaMIMS 2 7 Cm 8 ;c rze (60x65 inches), for S9o *
fc" than half legular price. Thess sHk flrecel __-. ~L Thte h«nd l»-oo aze (60x70 inches), for.effO "5
*-! rarments are a boon to thes: who cannot ft^gg^^^H mc.e ftand- , _£_ °" '}
I .pecia'.s.epicc Wcdneaday on T . "^k -?T^C tuPCS wTh *S2SSZ tmce^oT Z^C^l J
Jf F 1 E armen: :''" Wt W - I art paper wa ' k i n K 8 .^ks, Prince cf Wales hand'ej; a3 .«
*? L "¦^"¦" l "™™" Icarej, that prettily frimrteJ with ttrrl!ng silver; worth %
& - * .tell regularly 5 oe to $l-CO each; on (pechl ta'e 0%K% V
I 75c Bread Trays )i0n^27c "^^ 1
| Special To-day 49c Elytra SpBCiat |
g A hards-me iz-inch Ova Br ad or Pake Tray; TtomriZ*\W itni\k \
* c av ' :y Liquor Specials. iwucay t/flfy» |
J* kel" Zir f*m el Claret— Vtr/ choice; this grade to- Rpof P^r\/ C\rC\n 11 5
p plated " da > on T » P" s ilIon 55c i-' v- o l j_y i y vj lall U~ jj
m;ta]^ White Label Stout— McMu'len'i losing; Kg- ifltpH SllfT^r i
£ engraved and emSosre- 1 ; a 75 c tray that will »!«> 52.IO per dozen; to-day. .. $1.90 1C4L\_U <JUgCll £
fc" not tarni'h and 'ooks liki et rllng silver; on Ytlliwstine Wh/skty — Rye or rourbon; bot- $ Q& M&B1S M^^^ "^
rpec'al salt in rra : n a'sle to-day... -q fei by Taylor WiLiams; regular y J 1.25; m^ **99 . . . j«
J> WC fp*i?i to-^ay on.y $1.0o Limit $2.00 worth to a custcmer. $
g Tooth Brushes 8c. g pfljflE ¦S'^flrS^^^Bt^BS BPMjj Tabto Covor-s 27c. J
£ brijt'e $tock; will not com: out; 89 flfiiBB* *^ AruM SfwBB ft° w "3 and conventional draigTU,
If worth 15c each; ti-d.iv H fh^M^rtL** *+."«> mm9*» **. *m> -— -m> .—.••* M* white and colored grounds, hear/ V
».' , , ' JJ#» ¦*"" BS.BI6 Tmim M*\ rlt ¦» "*• fr.'nre; regularly coc and -^ __ V
tf xoco of them at «S> Ir CAUFORNIA'S LARaESTi-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. 6oc*j to-day ony 2 7C S
NUMBERS
..OF THE.. — ' •:
Monterey Company,
LIMITED.*
'
grr ' "in
MARCH 12, 1901.
/ — i ~i
No. 17155 draws First Capital
Prize of S30 fc 00Q
Sold In Cincinnati. Ohio.
Ko.,73334 draws Second jjapl- <i ¦
tal Prize of .$10,000
Sold in Monterey, ft. L. Mex.
No. 50943 draws Third Capi-
tal Prize of ..$5,000
Sold in Richmond. Va,
Kos. 33127. 51963 and 60024
draw each $1,000
Sold In Wilmington. X. C. : Lockhart. Texas:
Jalapa, Veracnia; Syracuse. N. T. and
Soyopa, Sonora. Mexico. '
Roman Chair
$2,00,
Well made and finished; nicely up-
holstered: only one of our large vari-
ety of Roman chalra In many Kracn-
ful designs. ' We are always glad to
estimate on the ccst of furnishing
entire homes, flats and rooming-
houses. Tou may have credit on any-
thing selected from our larga stock 4
of furniture, carpets and .draperlem.
T. BRILLIANT FURNITURE CO.,
338-343 f>OST STftEBT,
Opposite Union Squar*Dewet may. npUj'e managing the British War Office,
but he is certainly keeping the army running.
Great Britain rejects the Senate. proposals on the
Nicaragua canal "question, . but makes no proposals 'of
her own, so it^would seem to be up to us to play a
lone hand. ' ,'• V • "
From the way 'trade sentiment is running in Great
Britain it Would seem to be time for the free traders
to get ready to bury their dognia and raise money to
build a monument v over* it.
In the squabble over appropriation bills in the closing
days of the late session of Congress the comparatively
small sums proposed for the expositions at Buffalo
and Charleston. were, denied, but Senator .Vest man
aged to save the $5,060,000 appropriation for St. Loui»,
and pnee more the State's have an illustration of the
advantage of having an old hand in the Senate to look
after things. . -
When the Harvard dormitory Known as -Trinity
Hall was burning, one of the students occupying
rooms in the building opened his piano and began
to play "Fair Harvard," and continued to do so until
the flames were under control. The circumstances
under which such nerve was exhibited render it little
more than a piece of recklessness, but all the same
such coolness shows a man *of more than ordinary
character. For Nero to fiddle over burning Rome
was . one thing, but to make music while your own
house is burning is a different affair altogether. "
Here is a story from real life in New York as good
in its complications as was ever put into a farce. The
heajth inspectors of the city while vaccinating ever j.
*body in a quarantined apartment house came upon a
• burglar engaged in ransacking a suite that had beexi
left by. the occupants. The burglar, with considerable
coolness, declared himself the occupant»of the flat
and submitted to vaccination. While the inspectors
were busy in another apartment detectives who had
been tracking the criminal came in and arrested him.
When the inspectors came down and found the de
tectives they compelled them also to undergo vacci
nation before taking their prisoner to jail. It was a
case where the law had a victory at every turn of the
game. / . ,
WASHINGTON, March li—Th© follow.
the Raleigh— Arthur Letts and wife, E. I*
Doheny and wife, Los Angeles.
Ing Californians are In Washington: At
CAXIPOR.NXA37S TS WASHUIGTOIT
Imperial. 2"rom Los Angeles. Mrs. Llch
ems, at Victoria. From San Jose, MIsa
Bowman, at "Manhattan.
Californians are in New York: Prom San
Francisco— J. Lowenbergr, T. C. Smith, at
Hoffman; D. ?\ Murphy, at Holland; C
Johnson, at Murray Hill; Miss J. Rosen
wald, at Nonnandie; T. T. Williams, at
CAi*rFORJHAHs lit hew tobk.
NEW YORK, March 11— Tha followlnx
THE first annual meeting of this new association,
at Denver on the 5th inst., appears by the re
ports to have been a conspicuous success^ The
convention sat three days, including orue night session.
It adopted a constitution, selected Denver as a per
manent location and outlined its purpose to make that
city an exchange point at which cattle men can meet,
at the time of the association's annual convention,
fcr the purpose of bargain and sale, purchase and
exchange of cattle. This will prove a great economy
and convenience for the men who grow stockers ani
those who sell their calf crop to the rangers and for
the breeders of bulls in Iowa and Missouri. The
annual meeting will also be an annual cattle market,
not for beef but for the stock that is to be grown into
beef on the range.
The association is limited in membership to men
whose paramount interest is, cattle growing. At the
convention of the National Live Stock Association
in Salt Lake City, in January.Hhe sheep interest ag
gressively dominated, and cheered Professor Lind
quist when he read a paper denouncing the cattle in
terest as so injurious to the country that its suppres
sion by law should be considered. That roused the
patient cattle men to resistance and the new organi
zation is the result.
At its first meeting the feeling was strong for pro
jecting the forest reserves against all grazing, and for
increasing rather than decreasing their, area. The
issue of leasehold protection of the ranges on the pub
lic domain was squarely made and carried with only
twenty dissenting votes in the entire assembly, in
which eighteen States and Territories were represented.
The leasing resolution was introduced in the first
day's session and referred to the. executive commit
tee for report. This seems to have stirred the sheep
men and politicians in the Colorado Legislature, and
that body proceeded to pass an anti-leasing memorial
to Congress, informing that body that the people of
Colorado were unanimously opposed to leasing. This
memorial was sent to the Cattle-Growers' Association
fo; indorsement and was promptly voted down, nine
tenths of the Colorado delegates voting against it.
Having suppressed this pernicious move of the politi
cians, the convention adopted the leasing resolutions
and appointed a committee to draft a bill for a leasing
law to be introduced at the next session of Congress.
The association, which was started in January, al
ready has a paid membership of 500, and the secretary
is notified of 1000 applications for membership to be
passed upon by the executive committee, which is in
structed to admit only those whose paramount inter
est is in cattle. It. is expected that the roll of next
year's convention will show a membership of nearly
3000, which will demonstrate that the cattle men re
sent Professor Lindquist's 'classification of them,
among the pests of the country.
A Californian, F. C. Lusk of Chico, was elected
president, and the executive committee for this State
are Jeff Bradley of Merced and W. M. Newhall of San
Francisco.
THE AMERICAN CATTLE-GROWERS.
Let Stephen M. White have a monument erected by
the people of California in strict accord with their
laws. He was himself a great constitutional lawyer,
strongly devoted to the conservation of all the safe
puards of our fundamental law. The money to defray
the cost of the memorial which the State is to raise
over his tomb should be provided in strict accord with
the governmental principles of which he was all his
life a stalwart champion.
In appropriating money for a monument to Whit*
the Legislature should proceed in a manner worthy
of the St3j**-3nd of the statesman whose service it
intends to commemorate. A' bill appropriating the
sr.ro designed for the monument should be drawn up
in due form and enacfed as any other appropriation
liillj It should be passed by both the Assembly and
tne Senate and receive the sanction and signature of
the Governor. If provided for by an appropriation
made in that regular and formal way, the monument
will stand as a clear expression of . the will of all
branches of the government of California, and there
would never be any word of dissatisfaction from the
people. If on' the other hand the sum be taken from
the contingent fund there will be always a feeling that
the appropriation was made irregularly and in viola
tion of the spirit of the constitution.
The Legislative contingent fund was designed by the
constitution to be used solely for legislative purposes.
It is subject to the Legislature and can be appro
priated without the consent of the Governor. Over
it the I-egislature has absolute control. It can be
used for any purpose the Legislature chooses, but it
is clearly the intent of the fundamental law of the
State that ft should be used solely for the expenses of
legislation. The ver^ fact that the constitution gives
the legislative branch of the government full control
of the fund ought to render the legislators extremely
careful in'the use of it. Let once a precedent be es
tablished for appropriating any portion of it for other
than strictly legislative expenses, and there is no tell
ing what uses may be made of it later on.
Let it be understood at die outset that the people
of California warmly approve of the proposal to erect
at the expense of the State a monument to the gifted
man who rendered such brilliant and useful service
to the commonwealth, and whose patriotism was as
unquestioned as his genius. All citizens desire that
California's grateful remembrance of Stephen M.
V»'hite shall be made manifest by a monument raised
by the State itself. Upon that phase of the issue there
are no differences of opinion worth taking into ac
count. When, however, it is proposed that the money
for the purpose shall be taken from the Legislative
contingent fund there is raised another question, and
when due consideration is given to it, the judgment of
the people will be adverse to the proposal.
BY concurrent resolution it is proposed by the
Legislature to appropriate ?25OO of the Legisla
tive contingent fund for the purpose of erecting
a monument to Senator Stephen M. White. While
there can be no question of the authority of the Legis
lature to make such appropriation from that fund, it
is to be hoped the resolution will not be agreed to.
It would be a wrong :n ijself and would establish a
precedent out of which m^ch greater wrongs would
be sure to come. j
THE MONUMENT TO WHITE
M. M. "Gragg, manager of the Southern
Milling Company warehouse at Monterey,
is at the Occidental.
John W. Short, postmaster of Freano. la
visiting friends In San Francisco. Mr.
Short was one of the proprietors of the
Fresno Republican during its early days
of struggle and distress, and It was chiefly
due to his enterprise and ability that tho
paper became one of the ablest of the in
terior Journals. I
Edward Berwick, an extensive land
owner of Monterey, is registered at the
Grand.
J. R. Foster, proprietor of the "Western
Hotel of Marysville. Is a guest at the
Lick.
C E. S. "Wood, a prominent attorney of
Portland, Or.,- ts registered at the Cali
fornia.
Joseph R. Patton of San Jose is spend
ing a few days as a guest at the Grand.
Gerald R. Lumley, a fruit grower of
Portervllle, Is registered at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
John Hays Hammond Is at the Palace.
O. J. Larson, a merchant of Lodl, is at
the Grand.
James McCudden of Vallejo Is registered
at the Grand.
J." B. Porter of Salinas registered at tha
Palace yesterday.
J. W. "Winston of Los Angeles Is a
guest at the Palace.
J. R. Weeks, a mining man of Los An
geles. Is staying at the Grand.
N. R. Bis-well of Sacramento is spend
ing a few days at the Palace. ,
J. D. Smith, a stock raiser of Redwood
City, Is a guest at the Grand.
Edward 3. Stratton, an oil man of Bak
ersfleld. Is staying at the Occidental.
Explanation of diagram— Th* wheel to sunr*
from right to left. C and C rr» centers; BBJ
and AD are diameters. la rolling th« wheel
B will reach E at th« aama tlma A wlU reach
D. BE and AD ar« portions of th« cycloid,
curves those pcinta In tha tlr« respectively da
scrlbo or generate 1 in the rolllnar.
"To malts the matter clearer I wCl put
the question In tho following form: What
la the greatest difference In travel. In feet,
between any two points on tho tire of a
waffon wheel, 4 feet In diameter, meas
ured along the< respective, cycloid curves
which they describe- during naif a revo
lution of tha wheel?
"The answer \s 9 f&et 7.5 Inches.
"The two points differing "o nrach ta
travel during half a revolution ar» dia
metrically opposite to each other on tlr«
of wheel, and each Is 2 feet perpendicu
larly distant from a level ground on which
the wheel moves. That on the front side
of -wheel travels 4 feet 8.2 Inches in half a
revolution, while that on the hind Bids
travels 11 feet 3.7 Inches the same time,
thus maklnjr the difference 6 feet 7.5
inches. The distances ore measured along
the cycloid curves -which those points re
spectively describe <or generate). To illus
trate and Intelligibly demonstrate the
work of solution the ftccompanylnsT dia
gram Is necessary to show curves and
properties thereof.
WEDNESDAY MARCH 13, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AJ1 Coannanie»tioai to W. 8- LEAKS. Hsuger.
MAX ACER'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«» SO4
PfBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telrplione Press "01. .
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Pros* 202.
Delivered by Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Mnplc Copies, Tt Cents.
Terms l«y Mail, Including rostaget
DAILT CALL (Including Funday). cne year $8-00
PAILT CALX. <Includir;R Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CAU. including; Sunflav). 3 months ISO
PAILY CALL-By Eingle Month
FUNDAY CALL, One Year -
WEKKLT CALL. One Year 1 - 00
All lM»tmaster« are nolliorlrrd to receive
Nnbscript Ion*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In orderir.gr chance of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AXD OI.1> ¦> DURESS >n order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance frith their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. CEOIIGE KROCXESS.
K&ugtr fereiga Aflrartisiag. Kirqasiti Building, Chleigo.
(Loss Distance Telephone "Central 5615.") .-
SEW YORK CORRESPOXDEXT:
C C. CARLTOX Hernld Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 11. SMITH UU ".'rlbuiic Bnlldlns
ICEYT fOKK Xnv.-S 6TAICDS:
XTaidort-AEtoria H?tel; A. Brentano, 21 Union Square;
Km ray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO XETVS STANDS:
6hermaa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremcnt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WAsnncTov (D. c> office. . . .i4o« c St., jr. \v.
.MOIJTO _\ i:. tHAMJ, CorreHpondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery corner of Clay, open
until S5C o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until S:SO o'clock. 6?3
McAIlieter. epen until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
$:20 o'clock. JS41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1TO6 Valencia, open
¦jr.tll 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. Nff. cor
r«>r Trfnty-fffond and Kentur-ky. open until 9 o'clock.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AUTHOR— A. S.. Sulsun. Cal. The au
thor of "The Silence of Dean MalUaml
is Maxwell Gray (II. G. Uttiet). This
has been published in paper covers*.
"Richard Carvel" was written by Win
ston Churchill.
A HAND IN CRIBBAGE— R. O. T. C.
City. If in a game of crlbbage A plays a
trey, B a five. C a six and D a four. T>
mak.'s a run of four; and if the others do
not play and C plays a six be cannot claim
a run of four because of an intervening
card.
WAGON 1 WHEEI^-S. E. IX. City; and
H. H. H., Newcastle. Cal. These corre
spondents ask: "Why does the top of a
wheel running on a road go faster than
the bottom?" The question was submitted
to William Ryan of Miller, Mendocino
County, who has devoted much time and
study to this matter, and who has kindly
furnished the following explanation and
diagram:
Bitter Defeats Met by Women.
This work planned to the leeal
rights of • women, - but is particularly for
the. unfortunate or helpless. Not all thes>e
measures will pass, for.woman'a lnfluenr»
has its limits. The Nr.w York club" felt
this keenly when their favored measure
failed to pass. They «iakcd for a State in
dustrial school for/girls, where household
arts and crafts could be taught to girls as
other established schools were teaching
manual work for boys. -They. felf that the
The first effort known to history when
women's pleadings gained legal rights was
the asking from Moses by the daughters
of Zelophehad for a share in their de
ceased-father's real estate. The daughters
of Zelophehad were not members of the
General Federation of Women's Clubs, .but
an independent non-auxiliary- association,
doubtless considered very presumptuous
In asking such favors. But after their re
quest was granted no other woman felt
any compunctions about accepting the
•benefits which accrued through this pre
sumption. From that time on Borne women
have been brave enough to ask Jor cer
tain desired rights from their legal supe
riors, and many women without hesita
tion have accepted the results of their
work. '. ..* '8 ¦>• '"•?¦''¦
The great woman movement of the last
half-century had In it, however, fewer of
the societies which ask for rights than it
had of societies which sought to confer
bounties, or -asked favors for themselves
or others. The religious, abolition, mis
sionary, humane, temperance and philan
thropic organizations were of those that
sought to give help to others.
There were through the early years
small groups of earnest women who did
ask for women- all rights which men en-
Joyed. They asked this merely on the
ground of justice and not because of tne
great good they might accomplish, which
latter motive doubtless would have proved
more powerful to the majority of women.
Besides those groups of women there
have come to great prominence In the last
ten or twenty years other groups organ
ized principally for self-culture. These
are the women's clubs. They began with
exhaustive studies of the past, but coon
came to thorough study of the present— of
living people and living questions.eHaving
hearts, they could not fall to be touched
by grief; having minds, they could not be
prevented from searching for causes and
suggesting remedies, and, having con
sciences, they could not be withheld from
earnest, consecrated effort
Grievous Results of Unjust Laws..
To some the wrongs under which their
own sex suffered appealed strongly, ana
they discovered that ur.just laws were the
foundation of some of these wrongs. They
believed that married women ought no
longer to suffer under the disabilities
theretofore imposed by law— that they
should have a right to their own wages, a
right -to control property given to or
earned by them, a right to a share in thdr
children's custody and training and to a
portion" of the family Income and a right
to" help choose the family home. They
said that women should have a right to
receive the benefits of schools supported
by public money, a rignt to fair and equal
wages at employment for which they had
Bpecial adaptation, a right to enter any
profession or employment, a right to jus
tice in the courtroom, a right to protec
tion of their persons from assault ana
disease and protection of their property
from unjust seizure, unfair taxation anJ
outside encroachments. Such legal right
should be assured to all women. When n
woman or a club of women began to tnir.K
about these subjects they soon wished to
secure legal rights for women.
While It may be ¦ natural for a club
woman to claim a great, deal of what has
been accomplished to'be due to the influ
ence of clubs, it must be admitted that
it is only recently that the clubs auxiliary
to State and national federations have in
terested themselves in securing legal rec
ognition of these rights,- for only curing
the last decade have these combinations
of clubs arisen, and Ion? before that many
States had made changes in the law re
lating to women. It mi«ht be safely saU
that before the organization of the Gen
eral Federation of Woman's Clubs or
State federation much of this work hail
been done by other organizations of
women, notably the suffrage associations.
Work of Individual Reformers.
Progressive, cultured women twenty,
thirty and even thirty-flve years ago ac
complished many changes. Women' like
Lucy Stone and Susan B. Anthony lec
tured from town to town about the in
justice of depriving women of these rights
and aroused many to petition Legislatures,
Congresses and City Councils. Some Influ
enced their law-making friends. For in
stance, in Illinois, in those earlier days,
men like Judge Tuley, Judge, Bradwell,
the late Senator M. B. Castle, the revered
Senator D. L. Whiting, felt bo much the
spirit of equality which was the goal of
the women of their families and acquaint
ance that they made the woman's cause
their own, and labored to pass laws just
to women. This Was not merely the gra
tuitous effort of chivalrous men, but work
influenced to a great extent— how far we.
can never know— by such women as Kath
erlne Tuley, Myra Bradwell and Lillian
Whiting.
The securing of certain rights, such as
the right to enter professions, has not
been, as a general rule, the work of any
organization, but of individual women.
Take, for example, the. right of women to
practice law, striven for in various States
during the past thirty years. That women
were forbidden to practice law did not in
convenience many women nor appeal to
the sympathies of the mass of women. So
the particular woman who desired this
right made her individual struggle alone
through courts and Legislatures and when
the right was once established, It stood
there for all women.
Unselfish Labor for Others.
Some clubs In their infancy have been
afraid of public questions and others
older may have but tardily outgrown their
infantile fear of the bugaboo "woman's
rights." But the clubs as a rule are not
now alarmed at the discussion of public
questions. Much of their public work is,
however, on local and municipal matters
and on State and national questions which
affect men . and women equally. The
preservation of forests, of cliff dwellings,
of noted historical spots, of places of re
nowned beauty, of colonial manor houses,
of churches, of battlefields, of records, the
efforts in behalf of, proper management of
State institutions, the work to perfect the
fiublic schools, to establish State traveling
ibraries— this valuable work takes much
time, is helpful to the community at large,
is work with lawmakers, but is not an ef
fort to gain legal rights for women. How
ever, many clubs are now instructing their
legislative communities to look after the
rights of women.
It is interesting to notice that organized
womanhood has been keener to discern the
actual injustice to a small number of un
fortunate and suffering women than to see
the posible wrongs to the many average
normal women. They have asked for wo
men custodians of women criminals In
Jails and police stations, for reform
schools? to help . girl delinquents, for wo
manly care of women paupers and insane,
for legal protection to women workers
from long hours, unjust fines and unsani
tary conditions.
The clubs of Wisconsin, Georgia, Con
'necticut, Illinois, Massachusetts and other
States are asking better legislation for
working women and. children.
The clubs of Georgia want matrons In
all city jails. Michigan clubs secured the
passage of a bill making it obligatory to
have women physicians in State institu
tions where women and children are held
California and Vermont clubs are working
for a similar law. The Chicago Woman's
Club has long stood for this principle
Florida clubs are already striving to raise
the age of protection of a girl's chastity
from 10 to 18 years," and clubs in other
States will indorse such bills when pre
sented. Georgia also asked that the mar
riage age of girls be raised from 10 to 16
years.
RIGHTS OF WOMEN.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
By Catherine Waugh McCulloch.
IV.— INFLUENCE OF WOMEN'S CLUBS IN SECURING THE LEGAIi
sixty homes in their State for fallen
women would 'not be bo overcrowded if as
girls the inmates had been Instructed in
some useful occupation. The courtesy or
the legislators and their promise to givs
the matter careful consideration encour
aged the women. . Their hopes fell when
later they received word that the iu» a?
were so low and the necessities for other
objects so gTeat that the appropriation
needed "<wild not be made. About tne
same day, however, the Legislature had
funds enough to establish In a male col
lege a chair in veterinary science at tne
cost of $200,000 and to appropriate SloO.OOO
for a military parade. It is natural to
suppose that these unselfish women ear
nestly desired somethJnff in the lu}»oi
rights and power just then and wisneo
that they were not limited to begging tor
such bills aa favors.
In Illinois, Kentucky and Michigan ear
nest efforts were made for better accom
modation for women students at the State
universities and colleges. The Illinois bill
was vetoed by the Governor, but trie
Michigan measure was successful.
In some of the States the women are yet
beg-ging admittance to such schools. The
Georgia Club urged a bill admitting
women to the State University and to the
textile department of their school of tech
nology. "•¦•(¦--; :'/¦ .--.
. Earnest "Work Novr in Progress.
Notice that these efforts ara purely un
selfish, the securing of rights for women
other than the petitioners. Even the
effort to secure laws allowing women to
be placed on school boards is not so much
to give women rights as to improve the
schools. In Arkansas, Connecticut. New
Hampshire, Georgia and ' Tennessee the
State club organizations work for this
and many local clubs In States where
such laws have been previously passed
work to have their provisions carried out.
Delaware clubs are working to 6ecure a
vote on school questions and the Minne
sota clubs rejoice over success in gaining
the vote on library matters. . The Georgia
clubs were able to prevent the passage of
a bill forbidding a woman the right to be
Assistant State Librarian.
Connecticut clubs are Investigating the
guardianship laws; Massachusetts and
Missouri clubs the laws relating to
women employes, and the clubs in several
other States are making special study of
laws relating to women and trying to
secure better enforcement of good- laws.
Rhode Island clubs are publishing a vol
ume of the laws relating to women.
The foregoing is what the clubs are
now actually doing or what they did last
year, v Such unselfish charitable work In
the Improvement of laws deserves suc
cess, but has often been followed by fail
ure. For example, the Georgia clubs
worked faithfully for a bill to raise the
age of protection for girls from 10 years,
for a bill prohibiting the labor of children
under 12 in factories and for a bill to
admit women to the State Textile School.
All .three of these measures have been
defeated by the Georgia representatives,
representing surely not the womanhood
of the State.
The Vermont Leglslatur© has also de
feated a woman's club bill providing for
women on boards of asylums where
women are confined.
These are bitter lessons. A Georgia
woman In the Atlanta Journal says:
"Women In Georgia are growing a little
tired of hearing about their influence as
being all-powerful and finding it upon test
to be absolutely nothing." But as long
as women are deprived of the ballot they
must expect many defeats of cherished
bills before the continual dropping of peri
suasion and petitions and influence can
wear away the stone of prejudice.
Much Still Bemains to Be Done.
Notwithstanding such defeats the State
Legislatures this winter are meeting many
progressive clubwomen ardently cham
pioning bills to secure various legal rights
for women. They also meet members <3f
the suffrage associations., whose primary
object is the ballot but who nave always
worked also for lesser rigMts. The Na
tional American Suffrage Associations,
when required by State societies, has been
recommending to each the legislation
most needed and most likely to win suc
cess.
Lawmakers will have little opportunlty
thls winter to- err ignorantly. There is
much yet to be accomplished, though
after-dinner speakers, referring to the
progress in the nineteenth century, gen
erally talk in such glowing terms of
woman's advanced position as to lead one
to infer that there is nothing more to be
desired. But there is still something more
to be done before all the rights of women
are secured. The twentieth century has
a chance to improve on the past.
In some eight States wives have either
no control or only partial control over
their own property, and In twice as many
no control over their wages.
In some States the law of courtesy still
prevails by which the husband has the use
of all the wife's real estate during his life;
even after her death, should she have
given birth to a living child. In these
States the wife has only dower in her
husband's real estate — that Is, the use of
one-third after his death.
While many States provide for a wife's
support suited to her condition In life,
which, however. Is often hard to enforce,
in others she can compel no support unless
divorced.
Why Women Need the Ballot.
In many States wives are made equally
liable for family support, but In most they
are allowed no share in family Income. In
three-fourths of the States mothers are
not equal to fathers Jn the guardianship
of their children. In about half the States
the age of protection for a girl's chastity,
called the age of consent, is 14 years or
lower. In many States seduction is no
crime. In several of the States women
are not admitted to the bar nor to higher
schools of learning and can hold no elec
tive position.
In. all tho States, except the four where
women vote, the wages of women are on
the averajre much lower than those of
men" employed on'the same kind of -work.
The knowledge of such gross inequality
and legal injustice convinces woman that
they are yet distant from the millennium.
Even when laws are theoretically fair
and eaual it Is difficult sometimes to se
cure their just enforcement for women in
courts officered only by men. elected or
appointed by men only. Women's lack of
political power operates to their disad
vantage in securing and enforcing legal
rights. From her that hath not political
rights are taken .away even the' legal
rights which she hath. • ¦ ¦.-•¦¦
The , struggle to secure the- ballot- for
women is another story, but until the bal
lot is obtained ¦ women will meet with
many defeats r in securing further legal
rights and in holding fast those now al
lowed. .The ballot In the hands of Ameri
can womanhood will be the one assurance
of stable justice to women. . •••.-. •
Why Women Organized in Clubs Should
Seek to Obtain Equality of Rights With.
;-¦•¦- Men Under the Law.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco "Call :
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Our apocryphal ancestress was merely used to teach
the unwisdom of forbidding too much. Therefore,
let the expurgatory committee of the Boston library
beware lest it do more harm than good by writing
"Thou shalt not" across the book list.
" The story of Eve and the forbidden fruit has been
uniformly misinterpreted and its misapplication has
been thundered from every pulpit. Its real lesson is
that in human nature there is an unquenchable and
ineradicable disposition to seek the forbidden, to pur
sue the excluded and keep company with the out
lawed. "How delicious it would be, if it were only
wicked to drink it," cried the French woman, as she
swallowed a glass of water.
If every man is his own keeper it will keep him
busy, and if he do it well his example does more far
his brother man than if he interfered with his reaj
ing, his eating and his drinking, and dictated the path
by which he must approach his Maker.
The Boston plan is in denial of the free agency and
personal responsibility of human beings. The re
ir.ark of Cain, "Am I my brother's keeper," has been
nisread and misinterpreted into a solemn negative
affirmation that man is the keeper of every other man,
r.rd that idea has introduced much evil into human
society.
As it was proved on her trial that the lady who
bid down her novel and took up her gun to do her
husband to death, and muss the bed clothes with
blood, owed the old man a grudge anyway, we thinl:
thst extenuating circumstances may be pleaded in be
hrlf of the novel. Her crime might be attributed to
late coffee or the effect upon her nerves of a mis
matched ribbon, or anything else that would play with
a harsh finger upon a too sensitive nature.
Were they any worst husbands, fathers, and espe
cially grandfathers, for that early and stolen glimpse
into an unreal world, where in the fairy land of fiction
in.possible lads and lasses lived and loved in an im
probable way, and such robbers as never were, robbed
in. a way that never was, and even Alibez and the
Devil misbehaved impossibly in an impossible desert?
And our knotty and gigantic old grandfathers, did
they not resort to the haymow Sundays to read in
secret "Rinaldo Rinaldine," the unexpurgated "Ara
bian Nights," "The Decameron" and even "The
Pirste's Own Book"?
But it was not always thus. What better women
have lived than our grandmothers, who wept pure
pearls over the sorrows of "Alonzo and Melissa,"
"Paul and Virginia" and "The Scottish Chiefs"?
One very sound and sober-minded lady, of a literary
turn and celebrity, has said that romance does more
harm in the world than whisky. So it would seem
that another Carrie Nation is needed to hack romance
into kindling wood, and with her hatchet abolish that
partner of whisky in the work of undoing the human
rjce.
After all, there are some modern instances of the
wisdom of their plan, if it could absolutely put such
books out on the first base. The lady who sat up till
midnight reading one of these recent purpose novels
and immediately rose and got a gun and killed her
husband while he snored on his pillow is an awful
evample that the committee might quote in justifica
tion of its action.
The modern Boston idea seems to be that the peo
ple must not be trusted to chew their own literature,
lest that which is sweet on the lip shall turn bitter in
the moral stomach. Therefore, the case-hardened
masticating committee of the Boston library will chew
and spit out all books that are judged unsuitable .for
publfc digestion I
And. this is in New England, the native heath of Har.
riet Beecher Stowe and Edward Bellamy, where "Un
cle Tom's Cabin" was a sub-Bible, and Hawthorne
displayed morbid moral anatomy, and "Looking
Backward" captivated all who dislike to wash dishes 1
"Eleanor" and "The Soft Side" are excluded- as
hectic and unwholesome. Others are sent into outer
darkness for excess of sentiment, surplus of romance
and lack of artistic construction. The "purpose"
novels, written to point a moral or adorn a tale in
propagation of some social, ethical, religious or politi
cal theory, are mowed down with all the impartiality
of the Reaper, Death, "Who mows the bearded grain
at a breath, and the flowers that grow between."
IT is just now made known that the book committei
of the Boston public library has an Index Expur
gatorius, On which appears nearly 4 ;, every-: recent
novel that has made a star in the reading and literary
world. The impressionist schooi of readers will be
appalled to know that "To Have and to Hold" heads
the list of recent fiction that is rigidly excluded. The
reason given is that the agony of this novel is too
much bunched up, and that there is enough of it ta
have been evenly distributed as a misery through the
whole book.
EXPURGATED FICTION.
William. McKinley merits a reception such as no
man ever received before. He has been the states
man of prosperity. As Senator Hoar once said in the
Senate, he "is the most loved President we have ever
had." He has served the people faithfully and well.
He has made our national welfare the wonder of the
world. Let us give him a welcome that will be ideally
Californian.
For the purpose of providing an adequate recep
tion, the requisite committees should be appointed at
once. In selecting the men who arc to act for San
Francisco in the matter great care should be exer
cised. In affairs of this kind there are always many
persons eager to be prominent in order that they may
bask in the sunshine of the Presidential presence and
make a show of being something in the way of great
men themselves. As a rule such persons are not not
able for public spirit or for patriotism. They are in
no way representatives of California. Their presence
on the reception committee could do the city and the
State no good, and might do some harm. Let all
such seekers after a passing notoriety be denied. Let
us have in the forefront of our people to welcome the
President none but men wh.o are recognized as fitted
to illustrate our commonwealth.
After the people comes the welfare of the State. The
tour of the President and his Cabinet is mainly to
enjoy a holiday in California, but statesmen of their
rank are in the habit of learning the needs of their
country even when resting from their ordinary labors.
To every member of the Presidential party the visit
to the State will be an opportunity to learn much con
cerning its resources, its industries, its possibilities and
its requirements in the way of Federal legislation. To
aid them in profiting by the opportunity will be the
duty of every Californian who comes into contact with
them. In a particular degree the duty rests upon the
men who represent the great interests of California to
make clear to the President and to the Cabinet wherein
the welfare of the State can be served by them in thei"
official capacity. In all the glory and the glow of the
grand parades, festivals and receptions, we are not to
overlook the fact that -the President has come to see
not only the beauties of our land but its wealth and
worth and wants.
Next to the pleasure and convenience of the Presi
dent and his party there must be taken into considers*-'
tion the will and pleasure of the people of CaltforniaJ
He is the elect of the people, and his welcome should
be popular in form as well as in spirit. There should
be no attempt on the part of a clique to monopolize
him, or to keep the people away from him. He is to
be the guest of all the Californians, and accordingly
the people as a whole should be in evidence at every
notable feature of the reception given him.
There remains to be considered other phases of the
welcome.' The President will be attended by his Cabi
net, and he has announced that he will not place him
self in the hands of any committee, but will arrange
his own programme. That determination cannot be
in any way distasteful to us, for we can wish no better
than that our guest should do what is most pleasing
to himself an-d his party, and see in the State' that
which he and they most desire to see. Whatever ar
rangements are made therefore should be prepared with
the full understanding that they are primarily for tho
honor of the President, and all other purposes are
secondary.
CALIFORNIA'S welcome to President McKin
ley should be made notable enough to win a
national repute. He is to come to us at a sea
son when the full beauty of the land will be seer,
under its fairest aspect. Nature herself will garland
his road with flowers from one' end of
the State to the other, and we -may' be
sure that the ladies will be prompt to raise
bowers of beauty around every station where his train
is to stop. So far then as the festal features, of his
tour are concerned, we need have no fear of the re
sult. The President comes to the most beautiful State
in the Union, and he will find it worthy of its fame.
CALIFORNIA AND THE PRESIDENT.
THE JSAN FRANCISCO CALI^ WEDNESDAY,' >MA"RCH - 13; 1901.
Some enterprising men in San Jose hope to get
the Carnegie library building in that city so far ad
vanced that the President can lay the cornerstone
when he comes out on his visit; and it is to bt hope'il
they will succeed. It would be a good way of show
ing the world how fast San Jose can move when she
gets started.
Among the optimists of the time none is more san
guine and cheerful than Booker T. Washington. D*
cpite all the political and social wrongs and lynch law
outrages inflicted upon his race, he goes right along
talking and writing of the bright outlook ahead, and
assuring the negroes that if they practice industry an 1
thrift they will soon be out of reach of such white men
as are trying to thwart their. progress: and it is worth
noting that Washington practices what he preaches
. Irate Pa— Did you tell that dude who
calls on you every Qther night that I am
going to have the gas tumid off promptly
at 10 p. m.?
Daughter— Tes, papa.
, Irate Pa — And what did he say to that?
Daughter— He said tie would consider.lt
a personal favor, if you would have It
turned off at 8:30. — Chicago News.
"If you need money, why don't you go
to work shoveling snow?" asked the man
with '.the big overcoat.
"Because I'm too kind-hearted," an
swered Meandering: "Mike. "I'm coin' to
leave dat sure-money snow to be shoveled
by some feller dat ain't had de luck to fall
in. wit' no kind-hearted, philanthropic gent
like ; yourself."— Washington Star.
Business Man — What Is your:name, sir?
Applicant— Thomas J. J. J. Jones.
' . "What does the 'J. J. J.'.' stand for?"
"Nothing. The man who stood for me
.when -I- was christened stuttered."— Balti
more American. -- . . :
. "Is that painter an Impressionist?"
asked the- young. woman. . ' ; .
¦ "To' a. certain "extent," answered -Miss
Cayenne. "He Is under the Impression
that he is great."— Washington Star.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Choice candlea. Townscnd's. Palace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at To-wnsend*at«
Special Information- supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont*
gomery et. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦ ? ' ' j
Ordinary tumblers will hold water, bnt
elasa la as full of holes as a spongo. and
air blows light through It.
AT HOTEL DEI* CORONADO tha tetioa U
now on at fall tide. Americas and European
plans. Best of everything. Including tha char-
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montana.
• ery at., city, for special ticket.
Parker's Hair Balsam la th» farortta for
dressing the hair and renewing; Its llf* and color.
Hindercorns. the best cure for corns. 15 cts.
Kansas City Is to have a big banana
warehouse, large enough to hold twenty-
flve carloads.
California— "The Telephone Girl.""
Orvlieum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-lious*— "Around the World In EigVty Paya."
Grand Opera-house— Sembrich Opera Company. March IS. -
Alcezar— "The Lart Word."
. Columbia— •The Il;£hwayman."
Altaambra— "L'nder Sealed Orders."
Tivcli-"\\izard of the Nile."
Central— "Captain Impudence."
Central — Benefit performance Thursday night. March 21.
Olyirpia. corner Mason and Eddy street* — Specialties.
Chutee, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
eveninj.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. _
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal elicw.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital to-morraw n1;ht.
California Jockey Club (.OaJslancij— Kaces.
Tanforan Tark— liaces.
AJSUSEMENTS.
A HAPPY CHILD
It keeps them m uninterrupt-
ed health. It is food that
takes hold at once, whenever
their usual food lets go.
Well send yoo a little to try, If yon Hte
BCOTT & BOWNE, 409 P«rl itrtej, N«w Vox*.
And Scott's emulsioii of cod-
liver oil has done more, in the
26 years of its existence, than
any half-dozen other things, to
make such cnildren.
is one who grows, without in-
terruption of health, from a
baby up— except the inevitable
diseases of children.PLAN MODERN
GERMAN HOSPITAL
— f
The Directors Issue In
structions and OQiT
Premiums.
Want a Structure Answering Every
Modern Hospital Requirement to
Receive Two Hundred Pa
tients Without Crowding.
The directors of the German Hospital
plan that a fine new, modernly equipped
building shall rise upon the site of the
present hospital. To this end they have
invited local architects to submit plans,
and the instructions call for a structure
capable • of accommodating 200 patients
and equipped with everything hospital ex
perience has proven necessary.
The choice of site has been left to th3
architect who submits the plans, but tho
majority of the board favor the present
site of the hospital.
Four prizes are offered for the four de
signs which are considered as best-an
swering all requirements. The first pre
mium Is $2000, the others $1000, 5750 and
$500. The drawings must all bo in bv
August 1. and building will be com
menced as soon as oosslble afterward.
The committee to judge the desisms con
sists q/ the following named: Commodore
I. Gutte. Charles E. Hansen, B. Brom
mel and -Carl Uhlie. The German Gen
eral Benevolent Society own the . r >60x5S0
lot bounded by Noe and Castro, Ridley
and Fourteenth streets. This 3lto Is shel
tered by wooded hills and is wo',1 out of the
fog: region. The principal buildings will
be six in number. They must have -ie
ment-finlshed basements and admit the
sun and plenty of air.' ; •.;-
The total cost must not exceed $250,000.
and no particular style of architecture is
designated, the desire of the society being
to secure plenty of light and fresh air.
Sewerage will be a special feature, and
attention must be paid to the outbuild
ings. ':¦']¦:"
TEMPERANCE WORKERS
HOLD AN
Marie C. Brehm of Chicago Directs
Ladies at Trinity Presbyte
rian Church.
The all-day institute conducted for the
"Women's Christian Temperance Union at
the Trinity Presbyterian Church yester
day afternoon by Miss Marie C. Brehm
of Chicago was but slimly attended.
Those who did come, though, made up for
lack of numbers by their enthusiastic in
terest in the plans Miss Brehm presented
to them.
Miss Brehm gave especial attention to
the medal contest branch of the temper
ance work and told of her experience in
that work— a work in which she has at
tained especial distinction.
Tho proceedings of the day proved of
great interest to the wearers of the white
ribbon, and there was an exchange of
thought and an explanation of methods
that cannot fail to be of benefit to the
cause of temperance.
The programme for the day In full was
as follows:
1' a. m., devotions: 10:15, half hour drill on
duties of officer*. Miss Iirehm: 10:45, "Methods
or Franchise." Mrs. 1^. P. Williams and Miss
Brehm; 11, "What Can We Do For the Chil
dren?" Mrs. E. li. McCracken for It. T. L. and
Mrs. M. F. Silky tor Sunday school; 11:43,
membership contest, Mfss Hrehm: song, select
ed, Mrs. Ida. Carson. Noontide prayer— 12 m..
basket lunch: 1:15 p. m.. devotions: 1:30 "Union
Signal »nd Pacific Ensign." Miss Brehm;
2. "Medal Contest Work," Mrs. F. I. Wheat
and Miss Brehm: duet, selected. Mr. and Mrs.
F. I. Wheat; 2:30. "Mothers' Meetings," Mrs.
Annie Little Barry and Miss Brehm: 2:45,
"N'on-Alcohollc Medication," Dr. Mariana Ber
tola; 3, "Christian Citizenship," Mrs. F. I.
Wheat; collection; 8:45, "Aiitl-CIgarettes,"
Miss I. ratterscn.
Miss Brchm was the jrueet of honor of
Rev. Dr. Rader and Mrs. Rader at a
dinner at their homo on Capp street last
evening.
ORDER OF THE AMARANTH
WILL MEET HEBE TO-DAY
First Session of California Grand
Court to Be Held in Golden
Gate Hall.
The first, session of the Grand Court of
the- Order of the Amaranth of California
will be held in' Golden Gate Hall th!s
morning at 10 o'clock. There will be pres
ent the following named grand officers:
R. "Williams of Pasadena, grand royal
patron: -Hattie E. Alexander of Los An
geles, grand. royal matron; Addle Ii Bal
lou of San Francisco, associate grand
royal matron: Florin L. Jones of San
Francisco, associate grand royal patron;
Carrie L. Peaslee of Pasadena, grand sec
retary, and M. Hewitt of Ix>3 Angeles,
grand treasurer.
In addition there will be representatives
from the court In San Francisco, from
one in Los Angeles, one in Pasadena and
one in Janesvllle. The order is composed
exclusively of members of the Order of
the Eastern Star, and while not affiliated
with that organization it works very
much on the same lines. ,
The Grand Court will be in session two
days. This evening the ritualistic and
floor work of the order will be exempli
fied by the officers of Court Crescent of
San Francisco, and that will be followed
by a banquet to the members of the Grand
Court. On Thursday the officers for the
ensuing term will be elected and work for
the next term will be laid out.
Simeon Wenban's Will.
The will of Simeon "Wenban. who died
MarchX leaving an estate valued at $567,
000, was filed for probate yesterday. The
estate consists of personal effects valued at
$7000; 252,470 shares of stock in the Tenabo
Mill and Mining Company, valued at $260,
000; a lot at Sutter and Mason street3,
with improvements known as the "Wen
ban: a lot and improvements at ¦ the
southeast corner of Jackson street and
Van Ness avenue, and a lot on the north
w'est corner of Van Ness and Golden Gate
avenues, the three pieces of realty being
valued at $300,000. Decedent bequeaths hi3
entire estate to his widow, Caroline S.
Wenban. The will was executed July 7,
18S8. and was witnessed by John Garber
and Thomas B. Bishop.
The finance committee was instructed to
appoint an rxpert to ascertain the exact
amount of the indebtedness of the Bear
Gulch Water Company, a four-fifths In
terest In which is owned by the univer
sity. Bonds will be issued to redeem the
indebtedness. ?nd the Regents will ac
cept four-fifths of them.
The board then adjourned, to meet April
r«. at 3 p. m.. after authorizing President
"Wheeler to invite President McKiniey to
attend the university commencement ex
ercises next May.
The serret ary was instructed to Issue
duplicate diplomas to Alfonso de Urunu
«la and David Goodale, whose sheepskins
¦were destroyed; one by fire and the other
by rat».
A committee was appointed to examine
into the mntter of merging the California
College of Pharmacy Into the university.
The roUege has for many years been an
affiliate college of the university. It is
out of debt. It Is now desired to make it
one of the regular departments of the
university.
Professor Bernard Moses, one of the
Philippine Commission, was granted' a
further leave of absence, without pay, for
the year 1301-^2.
A number of minor changes were made
in the university staff. Arthur C. Babson.
en assistant In the electrical engineering
drparrraent. resigned; Cornelius G. Dall
«as appointed an assistant in the Lick
Observatory: J. D. Maddrell. assistant In
the students' observatory; William Inch,
reader In Greek; Ralph E. Gibbs, reader
In English, and J. A. Madsen, as labora
tory mechanic in the chemistry depart
ment.
On recommendation of the finance com
mittee. H0OQ was appropriated to pay for
lectures at the university and to
f-onA a delegate to the meeting of the As
sociation of American Universities in Chi
cago, and $400 for Charter day expenses
President Arthur T. Hadley of Yale Uni
\»Tr4ty will be the orator Charter day.
S^nie Minor Changes Made.
The Ilepentp passed a vote of thanks to
the ladles of the Congregation Emanu-El.
They also voted the thanks of the univer
sity to William H. Crocker for his gift of
S3OO9 to defray the expenses of an expedi
tion from the Lick Observatory to Su
matra to observe the total eclipse of the,
tun; to Professor Edward C. Pickering,
director of Harvard College observatory.
for the loan of lenses for the use of the
expedition; to the National Academy of
Faiences for grant of $500 from the
3>raper fund fcr the promotion of scien
tific r( search; to Prince. Poniatowskl
president of the Gtandard Electric Com
jiany, for material to be used by the elec
trical engineering department; to W\ M.
3'.unker /or a collection of specimens il
lustrative of the chemistry of structural
material, and to John D. fipreckels. fox his
offer to bring the collection to California
free of charge.
President "Wheeler read a letter Trom
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger. announcing that
"the Cor.£re;:atlon Emanu-El of this city,
havinp recently celebrated the fiftieth an
niversary of Its founding-, the ladles con
r.ected with th<* organization desire to es
tablish a permanent memorial of the Jubl
hp." Tho ladies wish the memorial to
take the form of one or two fellowships in
the Semitic department of the university,
to be named the Emanu-El Fellowship In
£ pmitlc languages. Accompanying the let
v r was a check for JOM. to provide acqui
r'.tions the Semitic library may now be in
need of, and an assurance was Riven that
& similar amount will be forthcoming each
year until the requisite amount of 515,000
Fhall have been raised for the permanent
endowment.
Will Consolidate With Lick.
After the report had been ordered spread
!n full upon the minutes and the members
cf the committee had been complimented
¦upon their financiering 1 . President Whcel
c-r announced that the Lick and Wilmer
cMner schools would be consolidated. Upon
his recommendation. George A. Merrill was
appointed to fill the vacancy caused by the
death cf Director Schwartz, at an annual
salary of $1800. Merrill will receive a sim
ilar salary from the Lick School and man
ape both institutions, with the assistant
of two vice principals, who will be ap
pointed when the consolidation is per
fected. , — .
The Board of Ropcnts cf the State Unt
versitj- met yesterday and received an la
trrcstins: report from Regents lloughton
and Wallace of the manner in which the
trust confided to the Hoard of Regents
t>y J. C Wilmordlne lias been adminis
tered. Wilmcrdinff. who was a prosperous
merchant, died February 20, 1S94. and in
his will rx'ourathed to the regents of the
State I'niversMy $4iXl.<X>J to establish and
maintain a >choo! to be ca.3!ed "the WII
merdire School of Industrial Arts." The
money waa paid over to the regents in
Aupujst of the following year, and as ttMZ
as ample security vsls offered was put out
at ir.tc.re5t. The school vras opened Jan
uary S. ZT/i. with seventy-six pupils, and
at present h.is !2."> pupils. While th£ money
va.s loaned out sufficient interest was ci\
2^eted to purchase the land bounded by
ElrteenthJ Seventeenth, Utah and Nebras
ka streets, at a cost of %22,CZi 10, to erect
a thrc-c-story building, at a cost of $20.
S-J4: e<julp the school, at a cost of $16,001,
and still, on January l, 1001, have loans
amounting to $2 1 ,009 :n excess of the $4W,
0M bivjucathed and $G1O1 76 cash on hand.
These figures show that the Interest on
the bequest amounted to $40,901 76 in excess
cf the $400,000, after buvmg tho land and
erecting and equipping the school. The
jircsent annual income from the Invested
funds Is $27,000, and the annual expense
cf maintaining the school is only $20,400.
In addition to the block purchased and on
¦which the school is erected, the reerents
hold aiiother liioce of land, bounded by
Seventeenth; Kighteentii, Rhode Island
end Kansas streets, purchased for 120,000
and jircscnted to them by friends. It is
r.ow intended to erect on the Sixteenth
street front, direotly opposite the Lick
pr-hool. a rireproof brick structure, 'about
3X)x60 feet, to be as nearly as possible the
handiwork of the pupilt-. The committee
further reported, after a conference with
President Wheeler of tae State f nlversity.
that arranpements had been made for the
selection of a director t-j succeed Everett
Schwartz, who died la^t November.
Institution Will Soon Be Consoli
dated With ths Lick School
of Kcchanical
Arts.
Fundof Wilmerding Bequest
Is Being Splendidly
Handled.
REGENTS PROVE
GOOD FINANCIERS
Pianist's Brilliant Rendering of the B Minor
"Scherzo" Arouses Storm of Applause.
CARRENO'S WONDROUS
TALENT IS APPRECIATED
THE SAJN Jj'l<AINlJlS<JU UJVLjIj, WJSDJNESDAY;, MARCH; 13, 1901.
The demand for automobiles is bo Im
mense, It is said, that all factories are bo
hind .with their orders.
John W. Calloway has sued Annie Callo
way for divorce, alleging desertion as
cause of action. #
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to William J. Connlff from Roea Con
niff for infidelity and Mattla Grant from
H. M. Grant for willful neglect.
In the Divorce Court.
The Pacific Commercial Museum has
bumped up against a general. The colli
sion is the direct result of the search by
the museum authorities for space. in the
ferry building for the Installation of ex
hibits and for office use. A part of the
great nave at the north end of the build
ing suited the needs of the museum, and
a committee, headed by A. Bbarboro, went
to the offices of the Board of Harbor
Commissioners and talked with some of
the members, making known the desire
to be tenants. The space desired has been
used for some time by the San Francisco
and North Pacific road as an upper wait
ing room, principally for ladles. When
the talk of the museum committee with
the Harbor Commissioners was over the
committee members had the Idea that
they were authorized to go ahenal and
fence in a certain portion of the nave at
the north end.
The next move was to hire a carpenter
and buy lumber. Then the ripping of saws
was heard, followed closely by the rip
ping of oaths on the part of the Sausallto
commuters. However, a partition was put
up. "ncloslng a space that had served for
the accommodation of th# commuters,
and a secondary partition was started to
inclose an office area. By this time the
commuters had communicated with Gen
<yal Dickinson, and he was called upon
by them to visit the Harbor Commission
ers, which he did, expressing himself with
much vigor. The Harbor Commissioners
notified the Commercial Museum man
agers that they would have to suspend
work, pending some Bort of a settlement,
and the ripping of saws and of oaths
mopped simultaneously. The Commercial
Museum offered to do anything that
could be done to give added accommoda
tions on the. ground floor of the ferry
building and providing for the expense.
General Dickinson has been busy pre
paring a letter to be addressed to the
Harbor Commissioners bearing the sig
natures of Bausalito commuters. The
executive board of the Commercial Mu
seum has been trying to arrange a con
ference with the Harbor Commissioners
and General Dickinson. That conference
would have been set down for to-day had
It not been that General Dickinson went
cut of town yesterday and may not be
back for a day or two. The matter may
be settled soon to the satisfaction of all
concerned.
Work of Fencing in Ftrry
Building Space is In
terruptad.
ODD DIFFICULTY
MET BY MUSEUM
THE 'first recital of Mme. Teresa
Carreno was given yesterday after
noon at Shermaji-Clay Hall to a
large and highly enthusiastic
house. The following programme
was given:
Fantaisie (Mozart): eonata. Op. 31, No. 3,
allegro, allegretto, mlnuetto, presto con fuoco,
(Deethoven); (a) nocturne, Op. 62, No. 1, (b)
etud* in G flat, (c) barcarolle, fd) scherzo. Op.
31 (Chopin): fantatsi*. Op. 1" (Schumann).
(a)Durchas Fantastlsch und L#ldenschaftllch
vorzutnuren, ib) Marei?. (c) Lacgsara get
ragen; (a) nocturne (Tschalkowsky); (b) "SI
oisf-au J'etais" (Henselt); (c) La Canipajwlla
(Paganini-Llszt). •*
It is too late in the day to criticize "he
well-known characteristics of Carreno:
suffice it to say that all the fascination,
brilliancy, splendor of temperament, he
roic grandeurs that we are accustomed
to associate with her name are all here in
fullest measure, just as we learned and
loved them two years ago, on her last
visit to California. She is In admirable
form. The- Beethoven sonata was grlven
with a peculiar warm sympathy and ripe
ness of interpretation that lent new grace
to its lovely measures. The Chopin num
bers, more especially the G flat study,
which was graciously repeated In response
to an imperative encore, and a colosso!
rendering of the B minor "Scherzo,"
aroused a storm of applause. The Chopin
"Barcarolle," incomparably dainty in tho
rendering of its calm poetry, was given,
as encore to the Chooin group. The tre
mendous Schumann "Fantalsie"' simply
swept all before it. and the Paeanlnl-
LJszt "Campanella," n famous tour de
force of Mme. Carreno. closed the pro
gramme. At to-morrow evening's recital
will be given the "Etudes Symphonlques"
of Schumann, B flat minor sonata of
Chopin, three Schubert-Liszt movements
and the Schubert-Taussig- "Marche Mili
taire."
MME. TERESA CARRLNO, WHO IS SAID TO BE THE GREATEST LIV
ING WOMAN PIANIST AND WHO IS NOW GIVING A SERIES OF RE
CITALS HERE.
CONLIN ORDERED EXTRADITED.— United
Btates District Judge de Haven yesterday or
dered the extradition of Joseph A. Conlin, the
embezzling New York postal clerk. United
States Marshal Shine Trill start for the East
vritb the prisoner ¦ within a lew days. ¦-¦•
Nicholas Cachalas was taken yesterday
from the corner of Market : and Second
streets, where he has been peddling candy
for some time past, and sent to the Pest
house, Buffering from an advanced stage
of leprosy. Cachalas claims that he is
not afflicted with the dread disease, but
Health Officer O'Brien declared that he is.
It is said that Cachalas has been mixing
the ingredients for his candy and that he
had established quite a trade among pas
sersby. : An expert on leprosy, states that
there is absolutely no danger of contagion
as a result of a leper having his liberty.
Leper Sent to Pesthouse.
The annual report of President Chipman
was not ready for the meetlpg yesterday,
but it will be given out In the course of a
few days. *
The California exhibit will occupy 20,000
square feet of the Horticultural building
at the Buffalo exposition, being almost
one-third of the area of the entire struc
ture. The exhibit will flank the main en
trance. 1
The exhibit which California will make
at Buffalo will be the finest ever sent out
of the State. One of its features will be a
"progressive beet sugar exhibit," donated
by the Spreckels beet sugar refineries.
It will show the manufacture of beet
sugar in all its grades, beginning with the
raw beet and ending with the article of
commerce. The mineral resources. of the
State will be represented and a lavish
showing made of fresh and dried fruits,
canned fruits, cereals, flour, honey and beo
culture, hemp and flax products, wines,
oils, citrus and deciduous products, etc.
A novel display will consist of the wild
flowers and sea. flora of the State. -
The officers and directors of the Board
of Trade were elected yesterday for the
ensuing year, all the officials of the year
Just past being re-elected, as follows:
General N. P. Chipmnn, president: J.*S.
Emery, vice president; Arthur R, Brlggs,
first vlce'president: J. A. Filcher, secre
tary and general manager; Crocker-Wool
worth National Bank, treasurer. Directors
— N. P. Chipman, W. H. Mills, B. N.
Rowley, N. W. Spaulding.-E. W. Masltn,
J. S. Emery. George C. Perkins, Arthur R.
Briggs, J. P. Irish, C. M. Wooster and 13.
Shields
While all counties will be asked to take
part In the display, those in. charge will
not allow any one county to '"boom." it
self to the detriment of its sister counties.
The Southern Pacific Company will also
co-operate with the State Board of Trade
and will install the bulk of its Paris ex
hibit at the Buffalo Grounds. Part of this
exhibit comprises the display made by
the State in Paris.
It was agreed at yesterday's meeting
that the Board of Trade and the Southern
Pacific Company should work together in
making the California display at Buffalo.
Forty per cent of tho exnense will bo
borne by the Board of Trade and CO per
cent by the railroad company. The board
is to pay the expenses and salary of See*
retary Filcher and tha railroad company
will take care of the other attaches.
After a discussion, in which all present
took part, it was decided that the Call
fornian exhibit at Buftalo should be dis
tinctly a State display.' It was shown. by
Wi H. Mills that where counties had ex
hibited independently at the Paris Kx
position an injustice was done to other
counties, in many instances visitors being
told that the entire display was the prod
uct of a certain section of the State.
J. A. Barr and J. M. Kyle, representing
the Stockton Chamber of Commerce, wore
also on band and stated that the body
they appeared for desireci to co-operate in
making the exhibit at Buffalo a grranJ
success. The offer was accepted, and the
Stockton citizens will enter with spirit
into the plans of the State Board of
Trade.
Those present at the meetlne of the
Board of Trade yesterday included Gen
eral X. P. Chipman, president; J. A.
Filcher, secretary and general manager;
J. S. Emery, Emery vllle.- Alatneda County;
Craigle Sharp, Oakland; "W. II. Mills, rep
resenting: the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company; B. N. Rowley of San Fran
cisco, N. W. Spauldintf of San Francisco
and C. M. Wooster of San Jose.
California will make a brave showing
of Its products and resources at the Pan-
American Exposition, which opens at Buf
falo* N. Y., on May 1/
Yesterday the State Board of Trade held
its annual meeting, and in the e^nlns
Secretary J. A. Filcher left for the East,
prepared to Install the exhibit of the Gold
en State.
Pine Showing to Be Made by
California at Buffalo
Exposition.
READY TO SHIP
DISPLAY EAST
7
PAINE'S CELEBT COMPOUND.
AMUSEMENTS.
B^SCOA"°TKAl£S*tffl£
<T^ y" mixictrtiuu
t Phone South 121
TO-X1GHT and Every Evening This Week.
MATIXEKS SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Superb production the patriotic drama,
CAPTAIN
IMPUDENCE
A Picturesque Romance cf the Days of 1*15,
rjuring the Invasion of Mexico by Our Troops.
t.'ee Storming of Fortifications Around Chapul-
tepec.
DDirPC Evenings 10c, 15c, «.">c. SOc
rulwLJ Matinees 1Oc. ISc. 25o
Next Week— "COLLEEN BAWN."
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRAL THEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, Marcb 21, 1931
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THE
S.S. RIO DE^JANIERO
Given Under the Auspices of tho
MARINE ENGINEERS* BENEFICIAL. ASSO-
CIATION" No. 35.
Tickets" - One Dollar,
I GRAND* OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Second and Last "Week of the Gorgeously
Beautiful Spectacle.
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
PRICES .10c. 13c, 25c and Mo
Few Frcnt Rows in Orchestra. 73c. Good
Reserved Seats In Orchestra at all Matinees.
25c
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MONDAY EVEXINO— STCMBRIC1I GRAND
OPERA COMPANY.
SEMBRiOH.
SINGLE SEAT SALE BEGINS TIII3 MORN-
ING AT BOX OFFICE.
First Appearance in San Francises.
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. I* GRAF,
l MOROSCCS GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
COMMENCING MONDAY EVENINO NEXT.
Two weeks, 'with performances on Monday
Cjnd Wednesday evenings and Saturday after-
noons.
REPERTOIRE, first week. Monday evening -
"The Barber of Seville": Wednesday eveninje.
"La Travlata": Saturday afternoon. "Don
Pasquale." Eeconxt week — "Faust," "Lucia. "
"Pogliaccl." "Rlgoletto." etc.
MADAME KEMBRICH WILL BINO AT
EVERY PERFORMANCE.
Single seat sale opens at box office this mom-
- iiur a* 9 o'clock.
PRICES— Orchestra. »5 and *3: Dress Circle.
f> and $3: Family Circle, j: and $1 50; Gallery
(not reserved), $1.
1 MATINEE TO-DAY fWED.>. March 13.
Parquet. 25<\ any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE'S VERY BEST.
Bunth and Rudd Co.. Mr. and Mrs. Mark Mur-
phy, Beatrice Moreland and Company. Lea
Tro!» Freres Macagno, Wilson and Warln».
Katherlne Blondgood. Johnny Johns, tha
Great American Blograph and
*TIVQLS*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2.
LAST WEEK! LAST CHANCE!
"BE SURE AND SEE HIM BEFORE HE
GOEa"
WIZARD
% E NILE!
March I8-"THEWEDDIN6 DAY."
POPULAR*" PRICES........ 25c and EOo
Telephone— Bush 9. t
WULU JgiBI A IEADI5G THEATRE
Every Night, including Sunday. Matiace Sat.
DE KOVEN AND SMITH'S,/
THE
MOST SUCCESSFUL MM M%mMMM m
OPERA. WA Y m
MAN
Together with th» World* • Greatest Dancer.
LA LOIE FULLER,
A GRANDER SUCCESS THAN EVER BE-
FORE!
In "The Archangel" and "The Tempest."
PRICES— I3c to |1 50. Box and Loge Seats,
$2 and 12 50. -
PHONE SOUTH T70.
EVERY EVE THIS WEEK.
MAT. SAT.
STAMPED WITH THE SEAL OF SUCCES3.
UNDER the
if&fRS ~
PRICES:
\T,r. 25c, 3Se. 5Oc.
Next— Sunday afternoon. March 17, the t!»
New York sensation.
SOMETHING NEW AND NOVEL.
"THE ANGEL OF THE ALLEY."
CHUTES AND_Z00
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, THE AMATEURS
And a Ladies' Battle Royal.
Teleptcne for Seats— Park 23.
SHERMAN, GLAY & CO.'S HALL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MME. TERESA
CARRENO,
THE- WORLD'S GREATEST PIANIST.
Last Recital Saturday Afternoon at ZilS.
Reserved Seats, $2 CO. II SO and II. On sals
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. T.-.-y
PIQfH17R"\ CONCERT HOUSE.
Flechtl's Tyrolean Troupe, Egry, Irene Kober,
George Sisters. Trlxsdu. the Leons. Chester.
Matt Keefe and Illnrlchs' Orchestra. Reserve d
Seats. ZSc Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"SENT FREETO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
toMen.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a mc:t remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured eo many, men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental an.l
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer from any form of aexual weakness
resulting from youthful roily, premature
Iocs of strength and memory, weak back
varicocele or emaciation or parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly . grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
In all cases. A. request to the State Med-
ical Institute, 328 Elektron building, Fort
Wavne, Ind., stating that you desire ona
of their free trial packages, will be com-
Dlied with promptly.- The Institute Is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to be treat-
e' and. thefree sample will enable them
toV' how easy it-Is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness ; when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed
in a "lain package, so : that Its recipient
need have ' no fear . of ; embarrassment or
publicity. Readers are requested to write
Avh e at r efJH
THIS WEDNESDAY NIGHT
Aufustin Daly's best comedy,
ThelastWord
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next "Week—The New York Madison Square
Theater Farce Hit, '
THE PROPER CAPER.
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
...ro-ovir...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
performances at 2:30 and 8 p. m. dally.
NORRIS & ROWB'8
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
LAST PERFORMANCE NEXT SUNDAY.
300-PERFORMINO ANIMALS— 300
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
In the World.
Elephants, Zebras, , Goats, Sea Lions, Ponies,
Monkeys, Dozs, Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First time In this city of Mr. Winston and his
wonderful school of EDUCATED SEALS, the
most marvelous animal act In the world.
HEEK SETTLER, the famous German animal
trainer, and his small Clown Elephant.
Seat sale opens at Pavilion To-day at 15 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c; • CHILDREN. 10c.
„_ Phone South 720.
RACES_ W S. AN
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
Week March 11 to 16. six high-class faces
each^ day. Thursday, high-weight handicap.
Saturday. GREAT CALIFORNIA DERBT
$5000 added. All the Crack Three-year-olds.
First race dally at t:10 p. m.- Trains from
Third and Townsend. 7, 10:10. 11:30 a. m., 1J:40
1, 1:30, 1 p. m. Returning, leave track 4 :1S and
thereafter at short intervals. Rear cars re-
served for ladles.
C7Week of March IS. SEVERAIj BIO BVEXT9
ADMISSION, INCLUDING R. R. FARE. Jl S.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER, Racing; Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERY EVENING -MAT. SATURDAY.
"HELLO Main I73I-H0W Is THE
TELEPHONE
(J I R L 7 ' ...fMMCIVSEf
THE PERFORMANCE IN ITS ENTIRETY
UP TO THE MOMENT!
.<-"•»*¦*¦ /-• WHO ARE PRETTY!
IllUI S WHO CAN DANCE!
V»»*V *-'*-' "WHO CAN SING!
Bright and C&tcHy Husie, with a Oast of
40 CLEVER COMEDIANS 4O
Evening.. .".... 25c, a5c, ROc, 75c, $1.
Matinee........... 2.">c. 50c. 75c.
¦¦¦ SEATS NOW READY.
C%L*Miv**IAcOH.MA9O!1
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITY.
HAWAIIAN "QUARTETTE,
The most popular musical organization ever
brought to San Francisco.
CARROLL,
THE JUGGLER.
QUERITA VINCENT
MABEL HUDSON,
BIRDIE BRIGHTONING,
' The Worl d-Renowned Banjo Soloists, ¦ '
AND OUR CELEBRATED VAUDEVILLE
STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY. .
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
,¦ .-¦'¦ 1900- WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thura.
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shin*
five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:3". 2. 2:30 and * p. tn., connecting
with trains stopping- at tho entrance to th«
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladit a and their escorts; no smoklnc- ¦ Buy your
ferry tickets to : Shell Mound. All - trains via
Oakland mole conneot with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Heventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via*Alameda mole con-
nect with Pan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
¦ Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.;
' R. B. MILROY, Secretary. •
Paine's Celery Compound.
Each at Height of His Career Uses
Champion long-distance rider of the
world. . -'.:¦'_ L : y-'.
"After the exertion of my record rldea.
I was advised to use Paine's Celery Com-
pound. I am pleased to say that It gave
such satisfaction that I was Impelled to
use it again. I believe that wheelmen and
athletes wiil find Paine's Celery Com-
pound of assistance In keeping up their
physical tone." Jimmy Michael.
Champion C. W. Miller, winner of the
six-days' bicycle race at Madison Square
Garden, N^w York City, says:
"I owe to Paine's Celery Compound a
debt of personal gratitude. For several
years I have occasionally used Palne'a
Celery Compound when I felt out of sorts
and run down. • Before the big race In
New York, feeling -that' I ought to be In
the best possible - condition, because a
nervous breakdown on the track Is one
thing all well-1 rained men are afraid of—
I began to use Paine's Celery Compound.
It was an essential part of my successful
training. I assure you that It did me so
much good, I wish that others may have
tho benefit of my experience."
Yours sincerely, C. "*V\ Miller.
"Wonderful Jimmy Michael In recom-
mending Palne'3 Celery Compound said:—
"Boston, Mass., Feb. 21. 1S97."
"Before I began to train for the six-day
race at Madison Square Garden, New
York City, I was In poor condition. I took
Paine's Celery Compound, and after the
first bottle'l felt entirely different. I con-
tinued to take It up to the time the race
started and during the week of the con-
test. My excellent condition is due to
Paine's Celery Compound. I recommend
It to all who need a perfect restorer of ex-
hausted nervous energy."
Sincerely yours.
H. D. Elkes.
The New York TVorld says of Champion
Elkes, whose likeness Is given above:
"There Is no reason why Elkes should not
claim the World's championship, having
beaten. every crack rider In America and
Europe." Like his great predecessors,
Michael and Miller, Elkes believes Paine's
Celery Compound to be tho most wonder-
ful preparation in the world for strength-
ening the nervous system. He has con-
sented to the publication of the 'following
letter:
New York, December 21, '1900.
Elkes, Michael and Miller, each at the
height of his career, used' Paine's Celery
Compound and acknowledge a debt of per-
sonal gratitude to the great remedy.
gg \ W If J|\ WILL RETURM TO ITS NATURAL COLOR fc^- $
>>W if you use -:-.; fcjT •;.-
AV CARTER'S SWEDISH HAIR RENEWERj^
%J5 jE\mTK «• FOR SALE BY ALL D1JUGQIST3. . fc^ %
v^ " '/ PRICE ?3 CENTS. C^K''*
JjHj! M. Pasteur, of France, invented a process for kill- ||||
P33 ing all possible germs in a product, and we use it. k^
|yi After each bottle of Schlitz beer is filled and sealed frj
it is sterilized. EvPS
Via This is an extreme precaution. The beer is brewed nyS
jj(^| in extreme cleanliness, cooled in filtered air, then Wrfx
|j|! filtered. It seems impossible for a taint of impurity to E£J
g^raj We, who know brewing, know the value of purity. ggg|
PS We add vastly to the necessary cost of our beef to PS
ffiM assure it. You who drink it get the healthful results of Pj/J
p3 our precaution. Your physician knows; ask him. % |S|
£tujj 'Phone Main «7, Sherwood & Sherwood. 212-1* Market St., San Francisco. Bpsl
Hm Every Bottle Sterilized HillCHICAGO. March 12.-Recelpts. 4500, includ
ing 300 Tesans. Choice steers steady, others
elow; butchers' etock steady; Texas steers' slow.
Chicago Livestock Market
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 6 11V4 5 11%
Closing 5 11H 5 11%
Wheat— " March. May-Aujr
Opening 18 60 19 65
Closing 16 85 19 65
Flour— - --¦• :¦ ,
Opening 23 65 24 93
Closing 23 65 25 00
Visible Grain Supply. :
NEW YORK. March 12.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes In available sup
plies from la?t account: \
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 1,404,000 bushels* afloat
for and In Europe. Increase 900,0ti0; total sud
ply .decrease -S04.000 bushels. Corn, United
States and Canada, east of the Rocklet in
crease 1.2G2,0O0 bushels. Oats, United States
and Canada, east of tho Rockies, decrease 34/-
CCO bushels. • . . '-
On the Produce Exchange to-day ths butter
market was inactl\-e: creamery, 15ST2lc: dairy.
ll©19c. Cheese, dull, , 10',i@ll 1 !ic. Eggs, dull;
fresh,' 1IHS12C •¦
Bid. Ask., Bid Ask.
4s coupon 114 ll4V4s coup (new). 137*; us "4
4s registered... 113 113V3;Js coupon ill —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 6s.. 103% — Oak W Co 5s. — 101
Cal-st Cab 5s. .116^ — Oceanic SS 5s.lO6% —
C C Water 5s. — 109 Om C R 6s. . . — 130
E L & P 6s...m^l33' / J Pac G - Imp 4 3 . _ lOOU
F & Cl Ry Cs. .112H - Pk & Cl R 8a 105 -
Geary-st R 5s. — — Pk & O R 6s. — —
Haw C 6Vi» 10SV4 — Powell-st R 6s 120
Haw C Es 105H — S E G & R 5s. — 9SH
L A R R 6S....112 — S F & SJV 6sl20'i —
L A L Co 6s... — — S P of Cal 6s.H0 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 S P R of A 6s.ll2»ill2S
Do gntd 5s. .100: — S P C 6s (1903.
L A P R R 5S.101H102H Series A).... — 110H
Markt-st C 6s. — 127 Do (Series B) — 111%
Do 1st c 5S..121H — Do'(19C6) — 113V
N C N G R 7s. — 113H Do (1912) 122\ —
N R of Cal 6s — 114^4 S P C 1st er 5S.106H —
N R of Cal 5s.l20>4 — S P Br R 6S...131H —
N P C R R 6S.101 1 * — S V Water «s.H2% —
N P C R R 5s.lO8'.4108», S V Water 4s. — lOi
N C R R 5s. .111 — Do 3d mtg...lO2K —
O G L & H 5s. 1U — Stkn G & E fis.lW —
¦ Oak Tr Co 6s.. US 117 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70«4 — ppring Valley.. 90% 91
Marin County. 53^j —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pac Lt Co 43 —
Eqult Gas 3H 3V Sec E O & R. — 49
Mut Elec Lt.. — Shi S F G & E... 47^4 «
O G L & H... 50 51 h San Francisco. i\ 4U
Pac Gaa Imp.. — 43 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'»|Kund.233 — i " ¦•> '"-.
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... T7 - Lon P & A. ...147 -
Bank of Cal... - 411^ Mer Ex (Up).. 16 _
Cal Safe Dep..lO5tt — S F National.. 120 12s
1st N of S F.. — 312V4 .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...... 1S30 1900 Sav & Loan... —_."—'•?
Humboldt - - Security ..;...275 -
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... *
S F Sav U 615 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS. '
California-st . — 140 |O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st 47ft— iPrealdio Zi SO
Market-st 63H 70 I . .
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con — — IVIgoiit *% S%
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUBSDAY. March 12— a p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Business was very gcod on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange. Pacific Borax de
clined to ' $150 and Contra Costa Water sold
from JC9 up to JC9 75.
In -the afternoon trading was lively and
fluctuations were more numerous than for tome
time. Sprlns . Valley V.'ater declined to $3L
Alaska Packers' to $119. Gas and Electric to
$47 00 and Oceanic to $54 23. Contra Costa.
Water advanced to $71.
The oil stocks showr.d no particular change.
Business was lighter.
HOTEL ARBIVAiSw
GRAND HOTEL.
O A Ryan. Hanford jE Kauntz. Hanford
L F Moulton. Colusa I J McCudden Vallelo
J F Schllngman. MMV Miss McCudden do
G L Korts. Cal H II Forney. Sacto
W F Powell. Sacto R L Polk. Detroit. Mch
Mrs J II Smith. S Jose O Ryan, Hanford
J F Flgueroa, S Quen T A GUI & w. Kans
R E Houghton. Cal | Mrs It Alexander L A
W A Morehouse. N Y|Mrs B B Sherman Paj
J Goldstein. Cal lAL Brockney, Cal
W Blackstock. Ventura E M Wilkinson. Cal
II L Quackenbush & w. ! E Berwick. Monterey
Paterson. X J j L Harris Cal
W G Taylor, Los A R Lumley. Plttsbur*
JP Dayenport, Los AjJ A Nelson, Pa
M J Montleth. Chicago! W L Nelson. P»
W H Hammond, Eurek C 9 Rennepl. Pa
J L Pendleton. Para tog Mrs A Stevens Loa A,
T E Baker. Mo j H Walker. Los* A
Mrs R T Nlckerson, A J Larson. Lodl
Sonoma J W Glenn, Stockton
W P Fox. Mont J T Cra!<r. w A son.
R, Miller. Omaha Miss M Craljr.WoodM
J D Bradley. Merced Mrs M Green. Woodld
Mrs C J Tyler, Sacto T Holland. Phila
P 1. Becker, NY E Richards A w, Se«,t
C L Oalvln. Reddlnj DrOE Cohen. Nap*
J B Porter. Salinas L M Morxan. Cal
W W Johnston & w. O Bohler. Phlla
Wichita, Kans ( O Ralston. Oregon
Dr. A H Sweeney, Frea Mrs. Oandalpo, Seattl*
Mrs H Hollar. Concord; Miss Oandalpo, Seattle
J B Galbraith. Los A A Reiter, Cincinnati
Geo Conwajr. Portland Miss Relter. <So
W H Atkinson, Napa J R Patton. 8 Joss
W D Tuxbury, Vt Mrs. S Patton. 8 Jos*
J L Robertson. Hanfrdi
PALACE HOTEL.
O R "Wolfe. NT S A "Watson. Pa
J Roblson. Berkeley E L Toucar. N T
Mrs J R Stuart. Bostn 8 C Hurbst & w. W!i
Mrs J F Clark. N Y Miss A Hurbst. Wl»
Miss H W Rice. N T Miss H Hurbst. Wl»
B F White. Mont J A Evans & w. Chff»
A J Hart. St Paul B F Watklns & w.N T
A Bettens. Byron J M Bums & w. Mass
W D Wood. SeattU A B Duncan. N Y
A L Hawley. Seattle L F Graham. San Jos*
R B Snowden & w. Ill F H Tost. Stanford
Mrs H H Flint. Ch«r> T Holland. Pa
L Kahn. Chicago ; j; w Williams * w.
L E Mosher. N Y Chicago
N B Kooser. San Jose Miss Rlaury, Mt View
E J Streuber. Erta It C Kirk wood. Mt View
S J Tanner. Erie J B Porter. Salinas
O Gramm. New Tork F S Glass. Berkeley
N K Blswell. NY O C Bersback. Cheo
L C Mandevllle. Ga W A Cartln. Portland
Mrs Mandevllle. Ga C P Morgan &. w.SJw
Miss Lersy. Ga II C White Jr. Ohio
Miss Camilla. Ga. J R Campbell. USA
O C Hanson. Ga C S Far'.ton. USA
J Stewart & w. N Y J R Parsons. USA
W H Hammond. Mont Capt ft Mrs L U Koeh-
A B Hammond. Mont ler. USA
N W Johnson. N T | Mrs M S Steele. USA
II Bellas. N T Mrs C R Rule. USA
W B Tlmms. NT J W Piper. USA
F La Manna. N Y N W Hies & w. Colo
W M Balrd. Denver Mrs N Klmball. la
T A Baldwin & w. j B Jeffy & w. Portland
Ty of Hawaii I Miss JefTy. Portland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C R Smith. Cincinnati O Graffenbergrer. Manll
M C S Ewers. Napa j S P Sanders. Bowen
J A Demenus. Napa Morton Tryon, Ind
8 C Gates. Chicago John McBrlde. Ind
H Holt. New Haven August Jansen. Chicago
A Wade. Cal James Quinn. Chicago
W W McCandlish. CaljThos Kenneflck. Ohio
Miss Smith. Victoria jChas Mason. Ohio
Mr. Madsen & w. Reno John Bryne St Lonia
Mr. Antrlnno & w. Oak: A A Hellmann. Ohio
ilelvln Pence. Manila. |"W E Sazen. Ohio v
Nrd? York Stock Market.
NEWJ- TORK. March 12— The stock market
continued spotty to-<Jay and largely made up
of the operations of professional traders ln In
dividual stocks. Many of these operation? were
based on caube» peculiar to the stocks affected
and the traders profesFed to be following the
lpaderpliip of Insiders In their buying. How
ever this may be, it was evident that purely
fpcculative operations played a large part ln
the day's dealings as realizing sales came Into
fvldence In every ca«e where a considerable ad
vance was made, resulting ln f harp reactions.
Th^re was more or less realizing going on al'
<iay. the sustaining Influence of the strength
ln special f.ocks being availed of to take prufltb
ln the general lisa. The result of this Is seen ln
the net losses prevailing here aad there, some
cl them in important stocks. The principal
features of the news cf the day was the ex
cellent traffic returns of the railroads. Especl
aJly the Southwestern roadt-. the bituminous
roe.1 carriers and some of the Southern roads
r bowed a larce increase in their gross earnings
ever those of the correppondlng week of last
year. The eerrion of the miner*' convention
was perhaps the rau$e of the dullness and
Flight weakness ln the anthracite coai group
although confidence was expressed that no
strike was to be- feared. The continued low
rate for call loar.s neutralized the effect of the
df-pJetlon of the ca*h reserves of the banks by
th« rea«on of the drain to the Fubtreasury an-'
the growing demands from the Interior. A
r.umber cf the important movements of the
day were in the stocks ot minor railroad com
panies and rumcr was busy with stories of pro
jected consolidations to account for those ed
vanoes. The *<ocks of express companies,
which have be^n dormant, advanced- sharply
ever the last quotations. American Express
ro?e 3 and lost it; L'nited State* Express 414
and Adams Express 1«>4. The rtrenKth in
Tobacco was due to a belief in benefits to
accrue from reduced taxes. Amalgamated
Copper weaker.ed on reports of a renewal of
hostile project* in Montana. rh e smelting
etocks fell on the notice of appeal of the suit
aealftnt the absorption of the Guggenheim In
tereMs. The enumeration of yuch special In
fluence* might be considerably extended, but
the resulting price movement In other case*
was leps. although It extended from 1-to 2
point* In a number of stocks. The closing was
considerably unsettled by the profit-taking.
The raJ'road bond market continued active
end generally firm, but some of the less active
bends yielded to some extent. Total Bales
$3,058,000.
I'nited ?tate* 3* declined 3* and new 4a ad
vtrced \'% per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares -I' Closing
Fold. Ftock— Bid.
«.000 Atehipon ; 6714
14.100 Atrhison I>rera ...'. ?1»,
1.&00 Baltimore « Ohio »2>»
Canadian Pacific Wk
ICO Canada Southern E.7'4
$.«*> Che*aiw>ak» & Ohio 4CV
' f.C"O Chicago Orrat "Western 21*4
£3.3<1O Chit-euro, nurlineton & Qulncy lM'-i
l.SOO Chicago. Ind & Louisville ;. S3»»
3^0 Chicago. Ind & Loul*vill<» prefd.... Jl
400 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 10»^j
........ O-.lcaco & Northwestern 173
«.r-00 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific IZahi
200 C C C A St Louis 76
C.KiO Colorado Southern V>\%
f>00 Colorado Southern w prefd 4JVi
4.900 Colorado Southern M prffd....: 20U
J.S0O Delaware i- Hudson ...1WA4
- n*l«.ware. Lack & Western 19314
EASTERN MARKETS.
1
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Everything stands as before quoted. Receipts
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are as fol
lows, usual , discount to the trade: Graham
*? OU , r ' K Per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. *2 75™ R>™
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Com Mea . « 75"
extra cream do, *3 CO; Oat GroaU. Jl 50; Hom
iny. 7 J3 50©3 75; Buckwheat 'Flour, «©«:«•
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50- Whole
Wh-ea*- Flour. *3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). A 10
JP,, 150 : ln sacks. »5 73ffJ.7 2 3; Pearl Barley 13-
Split Peas, *5; Green Peas. *6 50 per 100 lbs '
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3'25@
S 60. usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $3 15(K3 25-
« r -?l^-* 2751^ 2 s5 P* r barrel for family ami
*2 75®3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers'. « 75
©3. -
Flour and Millstuffs.
«J2£ E ~ l8 frep ly offered, lower and weak at
80®32%c per ctl. Farmers are letting go on
account of the fine : crop prospects.
.. Jr^ te '» * l L> ® 1 4o: Surprise, nominal: Red.
II 2d@1 40 for Feed and Jl 33® 1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, *1 17%@1 20:
for Seed. Jl 25I&1 30 per ctl. -
CORN— Salen are few and far between and
quotations are nominal. Offerings, though
small, are neglected. ,
Yellow $1 10©l 13; White, »1 10@l 15; East
ern mixed. II 12% per ctl. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
. Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Th« demand continues very light anl
quotations show no change.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 72%c for choice bright. 70ffj>71Hc for No.
I and 67V4c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 7:><g80c; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 2000
ctls, 98V4c; 4000. SSHc; 2000, 9S%c. December—
4000, Jl 04%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 9S%c; 4000,
98\4c. December— 4000, $1 04Vi: 2m. $1 04^.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctlR.
98Vic; 6000. 98%e; 14.000. 9SVic. December— 4000.
»1 04'4: 10,000, ?1 04Vi.
Afternoon SosEion— May-8000 ctls, 9S%c; 8100.
P8%c; 10,00). 9S%e; 24,000, 98tfc. December-2000,
$1 04%; 2000, $1 04; 4000. $1 04%.
BARLEY— The market remains as before
quoted. There Is a moderate demand for ac
tual grain, though bualn»M on the Exchange
Is reported light, especially on call. Prices
have not varied for some little time.
CALL BOARD SALES.
News from the different markets Is meager,
owing to the general apathy everywhere.
Bradstrect's gives the statistical position of
the market a* follows: East of tho Rockies,
a decrease of 1. 404.000 bushels; Europe and
afloat, an Increase of f 00.000; total net decieas-.
504.000.
Chicago opened a shade firmer on better for
eign advices, but the demand was light and
the crowd bearish.
The local market has not changed much for
several weeks, and Is dull. ¦ .
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 33c; milling. 97%c@
$1 02% per ctl. ¦
WHEAT — The Government report announced
128,100,000 bushels of wheat In farmers' hands,
or 21.5 per cent of the last crop, as compared
with 15S.700.000 bushels In 1900, or 29 per cent
of the 1899 crop.
WHEAT FREIGHTS-Are dull and easy at
36s 3d@37s 6d. usual options, according to tho
¦size fit the carrier. The chartered wheat fleet
In port has a registered tonnage of 15,920,
against 21,200 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 9246 tons, against 2067; on the way
to this port. 140,000 tons, against 165.S30.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88 s i
Sterling Cables — 4 S3J;
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 174
Silver, por ounce — 60?»
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 ® Si'
Exchange and Bidlicn.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 36,000 33,000
Wheat, bushels 131.000 69.000
Corn, bushels "1.000 155.0C0
Oats, bushels 379.000 206 000
Rye, bushels 15,000 3,000
Parley, bushels 7,000 12,000
Cash quotations were as follow?: Flour,
dull: No. 3 spring wheat. 6S@72c : . No. 2 red.
7t,»i(g76<4e; Xo. 2 corn. 33',»c; No. 2 yellow.
Z:\bu; No. 2 oats. 25?i25Uc: No. 2 white, ?7%@
2?%c; No. 3 white. 20*4 @27c; No. 2 rye, 33c:
good feeding barley, 46c; fair to choice malt
ing. 49054%c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 53%; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 E4V4; prime timothy seed.
$4 40; mess pork, per barrel. $14 70©14 75; lard
per 100 pounds. $7 55®7 57%; short-rib sides
f!o06e). $7 25@7 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed).
If 27%(f?6 62V4: short clear sides (boxed). $7 60®
7 SO; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover,
contract Erade, $10 75.
Provisions were firm, without much business
being transacted. Near the clo*e the market
was bare of offerings and the price was bid
up by local packers. May pork closed 15c
higher, lard 5c up and ribs 7V4c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 74 74 73V4 73H
April 74V4 744 74H 74H
May 75S . 7554 74% 75
Corn No. 2 —
March 33H
May 41V* 41H 40;, 41
Oats No. 2—
March 24 24 23»i 72%
May 24»i 24% 24* 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
March )4 70
May 14 S3 14 30 14 8214 14 90
July U bl\i 14 67% 14 50 14 50
Lard, per 100 pounds —
March 7 67H
May 7 E5 7 60 7 55 7 60
July 7 62V4 7 65 7 62'^ 7 65
September 7 65 7 70 7 65 ' 7 70
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
March 7 3(1
May 7 23 7 35 7 25 7 32Vi
September 7 32% • 7 37V& 7 32V4 7 35
CHICAGO, March 12.— May wheat opened
H@>4c higher at 75%c to 75%c under the short
lived support resultant to higher Liverpool
cables and the mildly bullish Government re
port made yesterday. There was a fair amount
of outside buying the first few minutes, but th»
bulk of purchases was made by local thorts.
It was roon left to local bulls to take care
of the market and they proved unequal to th^
task, although- the bear pressure was at no
time severe or even serious. Considering the
divergent views expressed by leading traders
the comparative inactivity of the market Is a
puzzle. The bull arguments embracing recent
reductions in crop estimates for Argentine,
Australia. France and in the Northwest are
answered by pointing to the fact that May
wheat is now 9c higher than It was a year ago.
It was this answer which was made to th«:
Government report. The market, without any
particular pressure, worked off during the
forenoon to 7l"^'075c, rallied during the after
noon to 75H'i/75 1 /»c. reacted to 74;4c and closed
easy, %c under yesterday at 7oc.
Corn was very active during the first hour
and higher on the Government report and un
settled weather. It became quiet later and
eased off somewhat. The close was M@'.ic
higher at 40Ti??41c for the May option.
Oats were more active and stronger thnn
usual In sympathy with corn. May closed, itc
higher at 24%624»ic.
G. H. WILLEON.
Lval 1'orecast Official.
The pre5Fv.re has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific Elope during the cay. An area of hiRh
prts;ure is central off the Northern California
coatt.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in ail districts.
Condition* have mftu-rially changed during
the day ar.d condition» are now favorable for
fair and warmer wea.<.Lirr In California Wednes
day.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 13. 1301.
Northern California— Fair, warme.- Wednes
day; licht northwest v. ;nd.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy We.dner.day.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday
warmer; lijjht northwest wind.
The weather is generally cloudy and threat
ening over Oregon. Washington and the plateau
region, and clear in California and Arizona.
Llpht rain has fallen from Cape Mendoclno
northward along the coast and over the plateau
region.
FORECAST.
Pan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
Efi; minimum, 4fi; mean. CL
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
Chicago Grain Market.
1
Selling orders were numerous on fine and
fancy srades of apples, and as consumers were
not anxious to take hold an easier market re
pulted, though prices were not quotably lower.
State common was quoted at 3*iS4»ic; prime.
4 : * 4 'g5c; choice, 5(g6c; fancy, 6S7c. California
dried fruit continues inactive and nominal.
PRUNES— 3UffSc per pound as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7«;®12c; Moorpark, 8Vi
Qloc.
PEACHES— Peeled. ll^lSc; unpceled, 6V4S10C.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. March 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20, S3 1 barrels; exports. 14.191 barrels; moder
ately active and tending lower, showing weak
ness at thp close In sympathy with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts. 1P5.S00 bushels; exports,
131.3SO bushels; spot, nieady; No. 2 red, 79T»c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 78Hc elevator: No. 1
northern Duluth, SSTif 1. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. 91»jc tJ o. b. afloat. Options
opened quiet«and firm on the Government re
port of farm reserves, but were quickly af
fected by realizing on the part of roof traders,
becoming weak andnin&ettled late In the ses
sion. Bearish intimations were encourased by
disappointing clearances, liberal Northwest re
ceipts and liquidation; closed weak. I .iig' ! Sc de
cline; March closed at «Sc;-May, 79%§79 15-lCc,
closed at 7&%c; July, 7»ff79 1 ,ic, closed at 79c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL.— Dull.
Sl'GAR— Kaw. quiet and weak; refined, easy;
etandard A. 5.0.',c; confectioners' A, 5.05c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; mild, quU"t. Fu
turfs cksed steady, with prices 5<glO points net
hiKher; total sales, 46.2M bags. Including
March. *5 95; April. $3 W): May. Jo 95@6; July.
J6 06®8 10; September. *f> 10@6 15; October and
November, $6 15; D°ceniber. $C 35.
BUTTER— Receipts. 10,472 packages; firm;
fresh creamery. 16Q22c; June creamery, 15@20c;
factorj'. 10(g-14\c.
EGGS— Receipts. 11.S16 packages; firm and
unchanged; Western, at mark, 13?i@14c; South
ern, at maik. 13Q13>ic.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 12-5 p. m
The following are tlit seasonal rainfalls to
fiate, as compared with those of the earoe date
last tearon and rainfall In the last twenty
four hours:
("120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
The Weather and Crops.
A. G. McAflie. section director of the climate
¦r.d crop eervloe of the Weather Bureau, makes
the following report f"r the week:
"The temperature has been nearly normal
In all parts of the tStat* during the week.
h^comir.Rr' somewhat Imer toward the close
than during the jirececilr.K week. Dry north
erly winds have prevailed In some sections and
heavy test In others. Main has fallen in neaiiy
all teetion*. and will probably reach the ex
treme s-vuth to-day. The storm on Sunday
was accompanied by heavy snow in the moun
tainF.
"The Foil had become sufficiently dry for
cultivation f.revioup to the rain and work had
t*-er. rreumed in fields and orchards. Grain
rlamins is practically completed and all re
ports agree that a I<irte acreage has been
town. Wheat an<l !>arl">y are In excellent con
dition, haiinjr made mjud growth during the
warm weather and » ill doubtless be materially
benefited hy the rain, rfpeolally In the south.
Heavy crop* are expected in all sections.
Work In hop n>Ms ha* been commenced. Al
falfa i* Firon* and h.-althy and will yield a
heavy crop, tlreen fevd If abundant end be
ccminB \<ry nutritious. Cattle and sheep are ;
In Fplendii condition.
No injurious frosts have occurred and at
present the outlook f^r a larpe yield of de
"clduous fruits !¦ mott encouraging. Early
peaches and nearly all other varieties of these
fruits are In bloom in the central and north
*rr. ivinior.s and advancing rapidly In the
south. Orchards ar.J vineyards have been
much benefited by the rain. Citrus fruits con
tinue in good condition; large quantities of
orar.ges are being shipped dally."
7C0 Den\-er & Rio Grande 33»4
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd il\
S,H« Erie 27',
7.400 Erie 1st prefd <>«H
5.400 Ur.ai Northern prefd 2:i3',
100 Hookinc Coal 151
1.200 Hocking Valley 54\
2.4M Illinois Central 1311,
4.1C0 Iowa Central 2>>», (
6.i«XI Iowa Central prefd 54*.
l«0 Lake Erie & Western 42>fc ',
S00 Lake Erie & Western prefd 112 |
Lake Shore 210'i
11.400 Louisville & Nashville 94" 4
21.Sf«> Manhattan Elevated 120^, ,
5.!«X» Metropolitan Street Railway 166 l 4 '
17,4'W Mexican Central is', j
400 Minneapolis & St Louis 7S
If") Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 108 I
17.T00 Missouri Pacific ?2'i
LOO Mobile & Ohio M I
2.MX) Missouri. Kansas & Texas 21 ;
14.S0O Missouri, Kan.<as & Texas prefd 54 T » I
New Jersey Central 155 I
6.9<V) New York Central 144\
13,900 Norfolk & Western 50
700 Norfolk & Western prefd S5
6.200 Northern Pacific $4«4 j
1.4C0 Northern Pacific prefd 57'i |
4.200 Ontario & Western 32>i !
'Orejton Railroad & Nav 42 j
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
46.800 Pennsylvania 1^2^
4.100 Reading 32\ !
ll.W Reading 1st prefd 72% i
£.200 Reading- 2d prefd 43 |
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd SG\ j
10.700 St Louis & San Fran 45^
"CO St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 88 !
".WO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 71U
14.S*» St Louis. Southwestern 3D
S.f-CO St Louis. Southwestern prefd 60 l i
15,500 « Paul U3H
St Paul prefd 139 !
St Paul & Omaha 125 \
6.6r>0 Southern Pacific 44H
£.200 Southern Railway 24«i
3.400 Southern Railway prefd 7SH '
5.400 Texas & Pacific '. 304i i
3.700 Union Pacific 91
9,600 Union Pacific prefd 85
1.500 Wabaeh ISMi
5.200 Wa bash prefd 33
:00 Wheeling & Lake Erie 15H
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 31
13.100 Wisconsin Central 19H
Third Avenue 121
200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91%
600 National Tube 53 l /»
500 National Tube prefd 101
Express companies —
ICO Adams 160
600 American 192^
1,700 United Statee 63
Wells-Fargo 142
Miscellaneous —
. 400 American Cotton Oil 26U
American Cotton Oil prefd So J
SCO American Malting 5U
300 American Malting: prefd 25
9.R00 American Smelting & Refln 56Td
2,l''>0 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 94^4
Americcn Spirits - IV.
American Spirits prefd 17
2.900 American Steel Hoop 36'i
1.000 American Steel Hoop prefd M>\
6.200 Amertcdn Steel & Wire S9
300 American Steel & Wire prefd 97'i
100 American Tin Plate 61%
200 American Tin Plate prefd 101
63.100 American Tobacco 122^i
1.700 American Tobacco prefd 145
210 Anaconda Mining Co 46
41.S00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7S»g
400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45
12.300 Continental Tobacco 46>i
1.970 Continental Tobacco prefd 100
2.1O0 Federal Steel 43U
4,474 Federal Steel prefd S3ft
General Electric 212
Glucose Sugar 47>£
- Glucose Sugar' prefd 95
International Paper 23
1,200 International Paper prefd 75H
200 Laclede Gas go
1,500 National Biscuit 41?»
200 National BlEcuit prefd 95
200 National Lead 15
100 National Lead prefd 66%
1.700 National Steel „ 45
400 National Steel prefd 101%
200 New York Air Brake 161
North American 74
Pacific Coast 62
Pacific Coast let prefd &8
Pacific Coast 2d prefd €2
300 Pacific Mall 34%
6.600 People's Gas 103H
1.100 Pressed Steel Car 36
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 744
Pullman Palace Car 206
100 Standard Rope & Twine 4^
lS.tOO Sugar ....: 129^
Sugar prefd no .
400 Tennessee" Coal & Iron 53Vi
1.1C0 United States Leather 12%
2.700 United States Leather prefd 75%
TTnlted States Rubber lg-^
United States Rubber prefd D8
4,200 Western Union 88
l.SOO Republic Iron & Steel Co .... 16* /S
2,300 , Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 66 T k
P C C A St Louis CO
Amalgamated Copper 100V4
731,200 Shares scld.
• . CLOSING BONDS.
?i!6 ff op
%SS «»iamu»o »A 6i «PS X w M rv
¦H68 «sx juao «i A \ r,i0l"s> |un u.sb>j » 4
TiCIU'" «» 3J0U.S isa.ft 9H"'- sin j U 9o bavoi
'tCOl epi op 911 ss 0»i3 uan
«m uBoqoAv 16 --ejei a a 9 m u
*46OI" *» OBJ3«a uoju.i %98 s> u*3 ataa
ss :"¦• *pi °p *ijot s» o h v a
6U — Biet ae d 7 xex ttSS b* o S oiod
r« «9 X V adojl S *i9S s> tujax m5
•iStl"" *S i"-*ncH os «iSll'"Be qap j g op
£6 «» 3uw>«a os <>«••-«: uoo A v nt =y o
IZT •-•;•¦•- «J op Tim ss op
*Sirsi*I om 7 D d IS "tWl%-«H» omo y saun
ftrSI euoo m«d js Uisoi ep S os uto
Itre9 ua» j g y t is\*"iZ5 b> fp* O p
mir«S OO3 K I =y T >S %MI""«J nas uosjipiv
•'*! AV f) H Kl"-w»S lOf> jo jsia
"*« ".••.¦* u»3 Su|p*o U %m dn03 or
*19II n "03 op Still 334 S3 on
9H «9 ««ITS jo Hi dnoo op
?irOl " »> op "EH Usj s» pio on
Oil "-B1BI avx JO ••in flnoo of>
DO3 M. =y JJO.v nf. Maa ou
?/t80I- - «» 1 JS -9 Ct X K toil dnoD.op
¦iSOr*" sv op »fcoil 'aajseop
Ml «E SHP«d ok %sot tfnoa op
«»3 ju»d f j; «ic()l 33J
T4I0I «1«I Juao ix Saipunjaa bj s ri
¦ MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 j Little Chief 14
Alice 3."i Ontario "c no
Hreece 1 20j Ophir cA
Bmniiwlok Con...... 23) Pho«n!x "" os
Comstock Tunnel.... 05' Potosl .... * "" Vn
Con Cal & Va lWiSavase ;" c^
I5eadwood Terra.... 50' Sierra Nevada ..." "3
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes. gs
Iron Silver GO. Standard "a 85
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money-. I Union Pacific. 90H
Call loans:..;::.. 2 ©2^' Union Land 3»J
Time loans 2V£©4 West Knd $ 7 ??
Ptocks— Elec 6'
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 57^ Bonds-
Do prefd 81% Atchison 4s...... 102
American^ Sugar... I33«AN E Gas & C ha.'. 63
Do Prefd ...121 Mining Shares—
Amer Telephone.. .169 Adventure .. • is
Boston & Albany.. 254" ! Blngham .... 2154
Boston Elevated.. .171 Amaljr Copper..!'" 10U
Boston & Maine.. .W4V4 Atlantic ._.... 32
ChlfcB & Q.. 150-irBoston & Montana".357
Dominion Coal 39lijnutte & Boston?" 102
Do prefd .....1J0 Calumet & Ilecla S58
Federal Steel 43% Centennial ... ..V..7. 25
Do prefd ...: 83 Franklin .' 22U
Fitchburjf prefd.. ..144 Humboldt 62W
Gen Electric 213«4 Osceola io
_P° Prefd 190 Parrot £j«
Ed Klee 111 2» Qulncy ......... •:!**
Mexican Central... IS14 Panta Fe Ccrrne- riL
N E Ga, A Coke.. u2 TSSitridcT^ri"^
9,\a r^ lo r y ."" IC8% utah Mining 35
Old Dominion...... S%^ Wlnona ...?..... €\i.
R^bcr is'i wolverines :::::::: u
Stiver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Wheat freights dull and easy.
Barley in fair demand and steady. Oats dull.
Corn neglected and nominal. Rye freely offered and lower.
Ilav, Beans, Seeds and Fccdstuffs quiet and unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions zveak under liberal supplies.
Summer J'egctables shzcly tending dozvmvard. ,
Butter in large supply and quoted zeeak.
Eggs and Cheese in satisfactory demand and steady.
Oranges in fair supply and steady. '.
Limes firm and Lemons easier.
AH Dried Fruits except Prunes neglected.
Nuts, Raisins and Honey stagnant at previous prices.
Provisions steady, but in poor demand.
Hops going off fairly. Taltow in fair demand. Hides dull.
Wool very quiet and not firm.
Mutton and Lamb lower. Beef, Veal and Pork about the same.
Local stocks and bonds selling very well.
Oil stocks rather quieter af prcz'ious quotations.
Cordage quoted higher.
WASHINGTON*. March 12.— To-day' ¦ state
ment of treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance, tH9.49S.152; gold, $88,339,555.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
a. "
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. March 12.— Money on call,
steady, 2\i per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
!%©* per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with
actual burners In bankers' bills at $4 S"*i for
demand and $4 S4{?4 SIS for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 SSQ4 63H and $4 S*H. Commercial
bills, U S4%. Silver certificates, 61HO62Vjc
Bar silver, 60%e. Mexican dollars, 49c,
Bonds— Government, Irregular; State, steady;
railroad, irregular.
Nkv- York Money Market.
Atchison. E9'i: Canadian Pacific. 94'4: St.
Paul. 15SV4; Union Pacific preferred. S7%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 90; Grand Trunk,
7H; Anaconda, SV4: Rand Mines, 42. Bar silver,
steady, 28 l-16d per ounce. Money. 2&'3'i per
cent.
The American department was quietly firm,
although in- the arbitrage transactions New
York was a seller on balances, nerlln boujtht
Northern Pacific and Canadian Pacific, offer
ing freely calls on Northern Pacific at 3»i per
-cent for the end of June and 4*4 for the end
of September.
The bank has bought £CCOO In gold bars.
Money was easier.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. March 12.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London cablegram rays: The stock
market here was idle to-day and prices were
Irregular. The settlement, which Is preceding
quietly, disclosed very light speculative ac
counts, even In Americans. Investment securi
ties were dull.
London Market.
SUMMARY OF' THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
TUESDAY. March 12—4 p. m
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask.
Alpha 05 C6ijust!ce .03 04
Alta 02 C3j Kentuck 01 0»
Andes 03 OS Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 17 13
Best & Belcher IS 13 1 Occidental ... 03 05
Bullion Cl 02jOphtr 68 67
Caledonia 70 73!Overman 12 13
Challenge Con.. 18 IS Potosl 14 13
Chollar 03 06 Savage C3 19
Confidence 70 73! Scorpion 04
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 63 Seg Belcher....! 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 23 30
Con New York. 01 C3 Silver Hill 42 43
Crown Point... 10 12,St Louis _ so
Eureka Con....»M — [standard JW
Exchequer 01 02; Syndicate 07
Gould & Curry 17 18;UnIon Con 13 19
Hale & Norc... 14 13 Utah 04 Co
Julia 01 02 Yellow Jacket.. U 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Crown Point... 11; 200 Savage 09
E0O Justice 03 500 Sierra Nevada. SO
600 Justice ©t 6CO Syndicate ... 03
10O Ophlr 66l
Afternoon Session
Morninsr Session.
10O Con Cal & Va..l VI] 2fv> Sierra Nevada. »
600 Kentuck C2j 200 Silver Hill ... 40
223 Overman li' 100 Silver Hill 4X
The following were the sales la tha Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 12 400 Ophlr 67
110 Best & Belcher 19 50 Overman 13
100 Chollar oe ICO Savage u
rno Chollar 05 200 Se* Belcher C2
loo Crown Point... 11 100 Sierra Nevada SO
100 Gould & Curry IS 200 Silver Hill ... . 43
10O Mexican IS: 23 Yellow Jacket.. 13
100 Best 4 Belcher 13 100 PotOfll 13
600 Justice 04 110O Silrer Hill 40
MO Overman 15 60 Union Con 20
200 Overman 14 40O Yellow Jacket.. 19
Morning Session.
The follo-wlngr were the sale* In th» Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day;
MINING STOCKS.
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
fV) Bear Flag „;;,. 21
200 California-Standard, b 60 ffl
1500 Independence j?>
100 San Joaqutn O A D Co „.. 11 25
700 Fan Joaquin O & D Co 11 CO
100 Wolverine 1 42^
Mornlne Session.
Board—
10W California-Standard E4
ofiflo Cnlifornia-Standard. b 30 63
Vm California-Standard 63
SPJ) California-Standard, b 60 56
100 Kern Oil g »-,
ICOOLion. b 90 21
.*0 Fan Joao.uln O & D Co 11 W
60 Wolverine 143
Morning Session. - •
Beard—
2C0 Bear Flay
20 Blue Goose ••-.--.. .
1 Hanford of $
300 Junction U
Injunction "!!!!.'.'!.""" 60
JO Kern " ' ¦""• . y...
3C0 M-narch of Arizona .'.".'.'.'.'.'.' «
200 Monarch of Arizona «2
400 Occidental of West Virginia .. 50
2?iO Superior " 23
2G0 Twenty-eight .".'.'.'.'.'."."." 133
100 Twenty-eight 140
Street—
20O McKlttrtck 41
2f 0 Four 53
100 California-Standard '. 85
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1W American Fuel *i
50 Blue Goose 2 50
1<V) California Mutual 4*
yn California-Standard 53
500 F*nir (b 90) «»
2 ( VK) Independence 2»
3iTO Junction go
115 Kern g 25
200 Occidental of Went Virginia 43
1PO0 Oil City Petroleum 23
80 Peerless ft fli>
50 San Jcaquln Oil & Pev 11 Cf>
50 Pan Joaquin Oil & Dev 19 S7VV
2W> Twenty-#lght 1 33
100 Yukon 33
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
30 Oakland Gas 51 ny
$5CflO S P of A bonds lu 25
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
13 Alaska Packers* Association ic; «,-|
15 Alaska Packers' Association 113 ji>
20 Alaska Packers' Association 113 23
20 Alaska Packers' Association U.> to
15 California Safe Deposit 10573
50 Centra Cbsta Water 71 no
30 Contra Ccsta Water, b 3 71 i»
25 Giant Powder Con m la
$2000 Hawaiian C & 3 Co, is 10550
50 Honokaa Co 13 121.
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 23 oo
2C0 Makawell 43 ro
50 Makawel!. b S 43 (V)
60 Makawell. b 5 : 43 ijii
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 54 51)
5 Oceanic Steamship Co H 23
$1000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 1C8 50
20 Pacific Coast Borax l»o 50
35 Pacific Coast Borax uo GO
256 S F_Gas & Electric Co ....47 SO
0 Spring Valley Water 91 50
2 Spring Valley Water Ji 75
195 Spring Valley Water « CO
17000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (3d mtg)....lC2 23
$2000 S P of A bonds jjj ->3
$40CO Oceanic Steamship bonds 106 £3
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... — 8% Kllauea 23^4 —
Haw Com — 87>i Makawel! *H —
Honokaa 33 33V Onomea ....... »*i —
.Hutch S P 23 — Paauhau 34^ 34>4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. .11954 — Oceanic S3 Co 84 85
Cal Fruit Can. — 100 Pac A F A.... ITi IY%
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.150 —
Mer Ex Assn.lG2H — Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Mornln~ Session.
Board—
23 California Safe Deposit... 103 73
50 Contra Costa Water 19 00
25 Contra Costa Water *3 50
23 Contra Costa Water 63 73 "
100 Equitable Oas 2 17*4
$20«O Hawaiian C & S Co. 5s 105 50
230 Honokaa S Co 33 (10
63 Honokaa S Co 33 rii
50 Makawelt 43 00
13 Oceanic Steamship Co 53 «O
60 Onomea Sugar Co 23 75
110 Paauhau S P Co 34 23
10 Pacific Coast Borax 130 TO
115 S F Gas & Electric Co 4* 00
$30"0 S P of A bonds 112 23
25 Spring Valley Water 91 ;<)
$2000 Spring Valley 43 bonds (3d mtg)....102 ;o
Street—
10 California Wine Association 1R0 fi>
100 EquitabI? Gas J 371^
to Market-street Railway 69 SO
Tallow Is reported In fair demand for local
account and steady. Hides are slow and out
of favor, 1 as most of them are grubby.
Hops remain a* previously quoted. There Is
a steady but slow demand, , which is making
gradual Inroads ut>on stocks.
Wool continues motionless and without feat
. HIDES " "AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9H@10c; medium, 8*4@9c; light. 8®84c;
Cow Hides, 8V4c for heavy and 8c for light-
Sta.gs. <5/36%c; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9@
9V4c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15H«lCc;
Culls. 13HS14C; Dry Kip, 15<gl6c; £>ry Calf. 16«f
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS-rBacon, 11@11H:C per lb for
heavy, ll%@12c for light medium, 12H@l3c for
light, 13@14c for extra light and 15«15%c for
Bijgar-cured ; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12®
VAic; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess.
$1S; Family, $14; extra fine Pork. ¦ $15<@lj 50;
extra fClear, $19 50@20; Mess, $17; Bmokcd
Beef. 13c per pound. .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6H0 per lb for
compound and 9V4®9?ic for pure; half-barrels
pure. 10c: 10-lb tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins, 10%c - '
COTTOLENE— One half barrels, 8Kc: three
half-barrels. 8c; *one tierce, 7?ic; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, l%c per lb.
Hams and Lard are firm at the slight ad
vance already noted. Bacon Is steady and
unchanged. There Is nothing new . in barreled
goods. Tho demand for all descriptions Is
Provisions.
40-508, 6Vic; 50-60s. 4 Vic; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-S0a. 3Uc
80-90s, 2%c; 90-100s, 2>ic; 100-1209, 1% C ; rubles'
}ic premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joaqulns
He lees than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Asscciatlon
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice, lie;
Etandard, 10c; prime, • 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOVic per
lb; choice, S^c; standard. 8*ic; prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes
CHc: 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown. 6}*c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5Vic. and
4-crown. 6^c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy, 16
ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, 5'/£c; choice, 16-ounce, fiv. c;
12-ounce, 5V4e; London Layers, 2-crown if 50
per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, fZ; D - e
hesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at
common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lQc: No. 2. 7V4c; No.
1 hardshell. 9'/ic: No. 2. 7e; Almonds. 12©13c
for papershell. 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts, 5@
6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c;
Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $3 60<@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13»4@14c for bright and 12%<3
13c for light amber: water white extracted.
7Vic; light amber, extracted, 6%@7o; dark, 6@
UE?ESWAX-24(326c per lb.
Prunes continue the only description to show
any life. The medium and large sizes are
firm and are getting scarce In the East. Tho
market Is still glutted with the small sizes,
which formed 90 per cent of the crop. Rai
sins, Nuts and Honey are reported neglected
at the old familiar quotations.
FRUITS— Apricots, 6@7c for Royals and 8^@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4S.>^4c*
sun-dried. I&<ff2%c; Peaches, 3<??3<£c for stand
ard. 4(ff4Hc for choice and 5ift6c for fancy
Pears." 207c; Plums, pitted. 435c; unpltted 1&
lVfcc; Nectarines, 5<gGHc for red and 5V4@6c for
white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 3c: 30-49s, 7c;
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Seven cars of Oranges are announced for to
day's auction. The Orange market continues
steady and choice fruit, untouched by frost.
Is firm. Stocks are moderate. Limes continue
scarce and firm, but Lemons are reported
rother weaker, owing to larger supplies.
• The Honolulu steamer brought up 1600
punches Bananas, This fruit Is steady under
a moderately supplied market. '
Apples are 'In fair demand and very steady.
They will soon be out.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 50©75c per box for common. 90cigi
$1 £0 for good to choice and $1 75@2 for fancy.
PEARS— 75c@$l 60 per box and nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges in good
condition, $162: Seedlings. r.OcJT$l: Tangerines,
25c@$l 25: Japanese Mandarins. $1@1 £0: Lem
cns. $1®1 50 for common and $1 75^2 25 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit, C0c@$2; Mexican
Limes, $S; California Limes, nominal; Ba
nanas. $1®2 per bunch; Pineapples, 73c@$2 per
dczen. _ • • .
Deciduous and Citrus Ffitits.
All quotations still stand without change.
The Butter market is overstocked with dairy
descriptions and they are dragging. Fine
creameries continue to taJte care of themselves,
being In good demand for the local market
and the north. There are no southern orders
on the market.
Cheese Is In fair supply and ' steady.
Eggs are quoted steady, with a continuation
of the demand for storage. In addition the
local demand is good, as the low prices have
stimulated the consumpt4on. There Is no ac
cumulation of stocks and dealers are satisfied
with the demand.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 74,(00 pounds of Butter. 2097 cases Eggs,
4747 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds
14c. — . .
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; "seconds. 12c;
store, lie.
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
stconds. ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg. — per pound.
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream. 9e; choice.
8e; common, nominal: Young Americas, 9V>c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16Hc per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch — Selected White, 12Hc;
mixed* colors, HVfcc per dozen. •
California Gathered— Selected, HHc; stand
ard, lie; seconds, . . • .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
stconds. .
Storage— California fancy, 1 - : standard.
; Eastern fancy. ; standard, ; sec
onds, - — . ¦ .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
One car of Eastern Poultry came In. making
three thus far this week. The market con
tinues firm at the good prices, with moderate
rtcelpts.
Game Is nominal, as usual at this time of
the year, and there Is comparatively little
coming In.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 10311c for Gob
blers and 12^6 14c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
12H014e: Geese, per pair, $1 SO-51 75: Goslings.
$2 50® 2 75; Ducks. $4«5 for old and $6(57 for
young; Hens. $4S6; Young Roosters. I637: old
Roosters. $4©4 50; Fryers, |5 50(g6: Broilers
$4 50/ffS for large and $3?4 for small: Plireons,
$'. 75S2 per dozen for old and $2 D0Q3 for
Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. S3; White Geese. $1®
II 25: Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. ,$3«?4 50; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe. $1 50; Hare, $1^1 25; Rabbits, $1Q1 23
for Cottontail and lie for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
which 7384 were from Oregon. The market Is
naturally weak under these free supplies, and
the only description to show any strength Is
Garnet Chiles.
Onions are also weak and dull, as the large
receipts which followed the recent boom have
not yet been worked off.
Vegetables are weak all around, and prices
are gradually settling. Supplies are ample for
all current needs.
Receipts were 508 boxes Asparagus. 232 boxes
Rhubarb and 63 sks Bay Peas.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 75©9Oc; Burbanks.
25<i?o0c for River and 50<ft90c for Oregon; Garnet
Chiles from Oregon, 60680c: Sweets, 60®"oc for
Merced: New Potatoee. 2Vi@3Hc per lb.
ONIONS— $232 75 per' ctl: Cut Onions, EOc®
$1 £0 per sack; Australians are Jobbing at uc;
Green Onions, 35@40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 75cS$l 50 per box;
Asparagus, 10®llc for fancy, 6®9c for No. 1
and 4®Gc per lb for No. 2; Green Peas. 234c
for Los Angeles and 4g6c for Bay: String
Beans, 6(JM0c: Cabbage, 80c: Tomatoes. Los
Angeles. C0c^$l 23 per crate; from Mexico,
75o<?/'Jl 25 per crate; Egg Plant, -Los Angele?,
12V4'B15c per lb; Green Peppers, Los Angeles.
RfTlOc per lb for Chile and 12^c for Bell; Dried
Peppers. i:@lSc; Dry Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots.
25i??35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, "he's}
$1 £0 pe,r dozen; Summer Squash, $1@1 23 per
box; Garlic, 2H(J?3c per lb: Marrowfat Squash,
$30 per ton; Mushrooms. 10®13c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Another large quantity of Potatoes Is at
hand, arrivals yesterday being 8406 sks. of
Beans continue dull at the quotations which
have ruled for some weeks, and the market
Is featureless. Holders, however, are firm In
their views, and not disposed to make conces
sions to work off their stocks. There is noth
ing doing In Beed3.
BKANS-Bayos, $2 60f 2 75; Small White. $4 60
<54 90: Large White. $481 23; Pink. $2 15@2 33;
Red. J3ig3 50; Blackeye. J3g-3 25: Llmas. $5 60©
5 70; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 ~b<3,i per ctl.
SEEDS— Hrown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 5063; Canary. 3',4®
3% for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7V4<f?SV4C for Califor
nia and 9fcrtHc for Utah; Rape. 2@2Vic; Hemp,
3&c: Timothy. 6V*c.
DRIED PEAS-Niles. $202 50; Green, $2 70®
3. per ctl; Ulackeyp,. nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
25 SO; Cracked Corn, $23 50@26; Mixed Feed.
?15@16L .
HAY— Volunteer. $5@SfWlieat, $11013; Wheat
and Oat, $9'9>12: Oat. ¥i<@\\ 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. *S<g9 50: Barley. $7 50®9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35<ffl7Hc per bale.
of Bran and Hay about balance the demand.
, imAN-$15©15 50 per ton. ; ' .
MIDDLINGS— $16 60<S19 60 'per ton. 4
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled .Barley. $16@16 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23-526: jobbing.
$26 60; Cocoanut Cake, U7iS"lS: Corn Meal, *25©
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 12.— WHEAT— Quiet and
unchanged. Blue Btem, 57c; club, 54^c.
PORTLAND, March 12.— WHEAT— Nominal;
Walla Walla, G6c. '
PORTLAND. Or.. March 12,— Clearings, $CS6,
935; balances, JC2.700.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
BERLIN. ' March ' 12.— Internationals were
quiet on . the Bourse to-day. Americans were
well maintained. Canadian Pacific Improved
on favorable traffic news. Iron shares were
firm, owing to an unverified rumor that the
American steel combination was seeking ac
tion with the Boehumer cast stefel factories,
to be followed by a combination of the Ger
man and American steel syndicate. Banks
were lifeless. Transvaal rails were firm.
LONDON. March 12.— Consols. 96^; silver,
23 l-16d; French rentes. lP2f 32V4c; wheat car-
Koes on passage, quiet • and steady; No. 1
standard California, 30s 3d; Walla Walla,
28s 7'4d: English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL March 12.— Wheat, strong: No.
1 standard California, 6s 2Hd@6s 3 VI; wheat
in Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 31-32d.
Foreign Markets.
Receipts of wheat during the past three
days, 127,000 centals, Including 125,000 centals
American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days, 229,500 centals.
LIVERPOOL, March 12.— WHEAT— Spot,
firm; No. 1 California. 6s 2d; No. 2 red West
ern. 5s lid; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s
Futures, quiet; May, Es ll^id; July. 5s HT»d.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new,
3s lOd; American mixed, old. 3s lid. Futures,
quiet; March nominal; May, 3s 9%d; July,
3s 9Hd.
Liverpool Wheat £Mirk:t.
LONDON, March 12.— The second series of
the 1901 wool auction sales opened to-day with
n. good attendance. The offerings numbered
ll.f>00 bales. There was a strong demand from
the home trade, the Continent toolc moderate
(iuantlties and the American operators were
ouiet. Several parcels were withdrawn. A
fnlr selection of merinos met with a good de
mand and sold freely at unchanged prices.
Cross-breds were MQIVt per cent lower.
London Wool Market.
NEW YORK. March 12.— After a continued
decline of nearly a . week . tin In New York
took a decided . turn for the better to-day,
prices going up about 25 points to $23 80, with
the close firm but quiet. The copper market
ruled Inactive and unchanged. Lead was dull
nnd unchanged, while spelter was weak and
2'4 points lower to $3 90@3 95, In sympathy
with the decline abroad. PIglron warrants
unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORIC. March 12.— On the call the
market was easy, with prices 4®7 points lower
on present crop options and 3 points lower
to 1 point higher on next crop months. From
that level values went oft steadily up to the
noon hour. May reached 8.2Sc soon after mid
day under general selling, brought out by es
timates for large receipts to-morrow and re
ports that Southern spot cotton markets were
easing off under pressure from the Interior.
But before 2 p. m. a steady undertone ob
tained and somewhat hastily local shorts
turned for profits. This buying resulted In a
fharp rise In May to SHc, with other months
proportionately higher. The close was barfly
steady, with prices net 1@6 points lower.
iVctrj York Cotton Market.
Australian, scoured basis, spot prices— Comb-
Ing superfine, nominal, 70373c: good. 63367c;
e>erage, 63365c.
Territory, scoured basis— Montana, fine me
dium and fine, J4ffyi5c; scoured. 42ff44c: staple.
4j(g4Cc. Utah, Wyoming and Idaho — Fine me
dium and fine, 12@14c; scoured, 41©l3c; staple,
4:ifMfi<\
BOSTON, March 12.— The same conditions
which .have ruled the wool market here have
been continued. Notwithstanding some sales
values do not strengthen. The bulk of tran
sactions have been In the Territory grades and
include many lots of standard .quality. . The
market Is no easier than last week and more
confidence Is expressed by dealers than at the
last report. Good wools in the Territory grade
are showing little change In price. Fine me
dium and fine' good fair staple scoured Is
quoted at 40i??43c. while the strictly staple
article calls for 45£j 4Cc. Fleece wools are slow.
Quotations:
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP-Rocelpts, 11000. Sheep steady to
strong; lambs, strong to ten cents higher;
good to choice wethers, $4 4004 85: fair to
choice mixed. $4@4 50: Western sheep, $1 40<f?
4 85; yearlings, *4 75fi5: native iambs. $1 50tf
5 43; Wenern lambs. $4 00<R5 45.
Good to prime steers, ' $5@6;" poor to medium,
$3 CVS 4 90; atockera . and • feeders. 53 60© 4 65;
cows, $2 60@4 25; heifers, $2 60@4 60; canners,
$1 90<ET2 W): bulls. $2 85@4 40; " calves. *4®6 25;
Texas fed steers, $*1;4 95: grassers. S3 35®4;
bulls, $2 50<g3 75.
HOGS-^-Receipts to-day, 21.000; to-morrow,
28,000; left over, 30C-0. Strong to 2Hc higher,
doting firm; top, $5 72 t / »; mixed nnd butchers.
K 4O.A5 67V4: good to choice heavy. $5 SOi^ 72V4:
rough, h-aVy. $5 40SJC 50; light, $5 4<>ffo 65; bulk
Of sales, $5*55@5 65.
FOR TUESDAY. MARCH 12.
Flour, qr sks 22.13.ij Wool, bales 811
Wheat, ctls 1.2G0; Shorts, sks Zi
Barley, ctls 6,036 1 Pelts, bdls 12!*
Potatoes, sks .... 1.022 1 Hides. No 607
Bran, sk.i 3S3j Leather, rolls S3
Onions, ska 14) Sugar, ctls t.731
Middlings, Eks .. 400:Llme. bbls 317
Hay, tons 433iWlne. gals 33,350 1
Straw, tons .... 5 > Qulcksll\-er, flsks IS I
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 14,4181 Potatoes, sks .... 7.3S1
Oats, ctls 1,910 1 Onions, sks 207
Receipts of Produce.
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $47^47 o0 per flask for local
use and ?45 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.CCc: Powdered. S.Coc; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.C3p: Dry Granulated. 5.55c; Confec
tioners* A. 5.ST>c; Magnolia -A. 5.15c: Extra C.
6.05c: Golden C. 4.95c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 50-Ib bags.
10c mifc. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.3"c: boxes. 6.55c per lb. |
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $18;gl!>; extra sizes,
higher: Redwood, JlSfllD; Lath. 4 feet. »3 W?
4; Pickets, $20; Shingles. $2 for common and
$2 75 for fancy: Shakes. $13 for split and $14
for sawn: Rustic, $23^29.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 23033c per lb: Sole
I -father, medium. 2i5'33(>c: Sole Leather, light.
2r^2Sc: Rough Leather, heavy, 27Q2Sc; Rough
Leather. light. 23026c; Harness Leather, heavy,
3:!«539c for No. 1 and 30(&?.3c for No. 2;
Harness Leather, medium. 3Og37c: Harness
Leather, light. 23335c; Skirting. S&t^Oc; Collar
Leather. lif/16c per foot; Kip. unfinished. 401J
EOc per lb; Veal, finished. 60@o5c; Calf, finished
73ciQ$l 20; Sides, finished. 16317c per foot: Belt
Knife Splits, 14316c; Rough Splits, 8*310c per
pound.
TANBARK-Ground, $26325 per ton; Stick.
$1S02O per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No 1.
75c; pure, St 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
75c; raw. 73c; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; China
Nut. toff 63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 85c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c:
Whale Oil. natural white. 37'4!342Hc per gal
lcn: Fish OH, barrels, 3*>c; cases. 40c
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AND BENZINE—
Water White Ccal OH. in bulk. 13c: Pearl OH.
cases. 19o; Astral. 19c; Star, 13c: Extra Star.
23c: Elaine. 24c: Eocene, 21c: Deodorized Stove
Gasoline. In bulk. 14>4c; cases. 20Hc; Benzine,
bulk. 13^0 ; cases. 19^c; JSS-dejrree Ga inline,
bulk. 20c: cases. 26c per gallon.
SALT— H. il. H. is quoted at $1S B0 per ton
In large sacks and $17 In EOs. Liverpool Is
r.uoted at f 17^18 50 for the best and $14314 73
for lower grades.
TURPENTINE— 60c per gallon In cases and
S4c In drums or Ircn barrels. • . •
RED AND WHITE LEA1V- Red Lead. ",V^
~%c per lb; White Lead, 7(37*40. according to
Guatemala and Mexican— 13^16c for prime to
fnncy washed; 11^12c for strictly good washed:
1O01O9&C for gu.nl washed; wljO'ic for fair
washed; S^S^c for medium; 6<ii~>\c lor ln
fr-rlor to ordinary; Ilffl3c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 10f?10*;c nominal for good
t> prime unwashed peaberry: S>;igS%c nominal
lor good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua— 13iQ 16c nominal for prime to fancy
washed: SVi'S'lZc nominal for fair to strictly
good washed: KifiSHc nominal for good to su
ptrior unwashed; lfr&lO'.ic nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry.
Salvador— Kf(13V4c for good to prime washed:
S»itZ9\sc for fair washed: 11^12%c for good
tr prime washed peaberry: 9>g9*;c for good to
prime semi-washed; 8H<f?3*ic for superior un
washed: SV«c for good green unwashed: 10<a
l('\c for-good to superior unwashed peaberry;
6<57^c for common to ordinary.
COFFEE- Oosta Rica— 13@14c nominal for
prime washed: llgl'Hc nominal for good
washed; 12S13e nominal for good to prime
washed peaberry; ll{jU»ic nominal for good to
prime peaberry: 10^£ 12c for good to prim*:
S^ClOc nominal for good current mixed with
black beans; 5tf??10c nominal for fair; CSl\c
nominal for common to ordinarv.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles. per lb. 4Vfcc
cases, regular, 5c; do, extra large, 5'^c; do,
Eastern style, 6c; Boneless. 6>Ac; Norway. 64c
Narrow Gauge. 6%c; Silver King. 7<Ac; blocks,
Oriental. 6c; do. Seabright, «\c; tablets 7%ic
middles. Golden. State, 6«ic; do, .White Sea!,
8',ic; 5-lb boxes fancy, Boneless,»9c; 2-lb do,
7c; Desiccated, per dozen. 73c; Pickled Cod,
barrels, each. $7 75; do. half barrels, $4 75.
CORDAGE— Prices are higher. The local
cordage company quotes as follows: Pure Ma
nila. 13Uc per lb: Sisal Size. 10V4c; Bale Rope.
&Uc; Duplex. 9>4c. Terms, 60 days, or 1H per
cent ca*h discount.
COAL— Welllngtcn. jy per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, »»; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $7; Coo»
Bay. »5 60: Wallsend. 13; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
n*l, 410 per ton; Coke,. $15 per ton in bulk and
»17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS 45
per 20C0 pounds and Si SO per ton, according
to brand.
CANNED FRUITS— Extras In ZH-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, $1 50: Cherries,
S2 for black and J2 for Royal Anne; Grapes,
$1 35; Peaches, 6ic4*$l 73; Pears. $1 85; Plums.
U 3531 40! Quinces, »1 63; Strawberries, $1 75.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. S3 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6V4«6Hc; local
make, S^c; Wool Bags, 30tT32i*c ; Fleece Twine.
7V45.
General Merchandise.
POKK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under, 6*4c;
ISO to 22j lba, 6c; 223 and over, 5*ic; feeders,
6&c.
•27c: Cults and Brands, 14®15c; Bheepsklns.
shearling*. 20©30c each; short . Wool. 30050c
each; medium, 6O@75c: long. Wool, TJcSJl
•ach: Horse Hides, salt, $2 &O02 73 for large
and Kfi2 25 for medium. *1 25 for small and 50c
for colts: Horse Hides, dry. SI 75 for large. Jl 50
for medium. $l 25 for small and 50c for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 3Tc; fall or
medium skin*. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angora*. 7ic: large and
smooth. jOc: medium, ZZc.
TALLOW- No. 1 rendered. ¦i^4@4«ic per 1b;
*°- 2. 4@4%c; grease, 2fi2%e.
A\ OOL-Sprtne, l?0O— Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15016c txar lb: Northern, free. 12@13c: do.
I defective. 10@llc; Middle County, free. lC-gllc;
do. defective, B&lOc: Southern. 12 months. S@
9c: Southern, free. 7 month*. 7#10c: do. de
fective, 7 months. 7®Sc; Oregon Valley, fine.
15016c; .do, medium and coarse. H^loc; Ore
gon Eastern, choice. 12® He: do. fair to good.
S<#llc; Nevada. lO^lIc. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. lliSl'e; Middle County and North
ern. 8fi9c; San Joaquln, 7@Sc.
HOPS— i:§:Cc r*T lb.
Sari Francisco Meat Market.
Mcttori and Lamb are quoted slightly lower.
i Beef and Veal remain unchanged. Hoks stand
about the same, though the local packers have
adopted a different series of welthts and prices,
as will be neon below.
BEEF— 7@Sc for Steers and 6<g7!£c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7&Sc: small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9(&3»ic: Ewes, 8HS3c per
pound.
LAMB— Yearlings, 10c per lb: Spring, 10®
llHc r«r round.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
8
s.
! L
.2.1
l«st | This
Hours, Season.
! Last
I Season.
i
»!«> 1 *22'64
3.00 16.M
COO 18.79
I'.OO 10.2S
0.00 5.70
•i.OO 27.62
0. 00 14.05
fl.OO I g.61
-I
42.SS
1S.SS
15.44
17 .C2
7.04
J.19
14.70
I 5.56
I 3.13
s.
! L
.2.1
l«st | This
Hours, Season.
! Last
I Season.
i
»!«> 1 *22'64
3.00 16.M
COO 18.79
I'.OO 10.2S
0.00 5.70
•i.OO 27.62
0. 00 14.05
fl.OO I g.61
-I
42.SS
1S.SS
15.44
17 .C2
7.04
J.19
14.70
I 5.56
I 3.13Mayor Anson Harstow (R.)
City Attorney... James A. Johnson (R.)
City Engineer.. Frederick C. Turner (R.)
Auditor Arthur Breed (M. L.)
Treasurer ....Felton Taylor (M. L.)
Councllmen at large— B. C. Cuvel
lier (M. L.). George W. Dornln (M.
L.). Charles A. Bon (R.), George T.
Burtchaell (M L.)
Councilman from the wards: First-
Andrew Ruch (M. L.); Second, J. S.
Wixon (Ind. Rep.): Third. George Fitz
gerald <R.); Fourth. Robert Boyer
(R.); Fifth, James A. Smtlie (M. L.);
Sixth, Louit Schafter (R.); Seventh.
J. T. Wallance <M. L.).
School directors at large— Dr. Myra
Knox (R.), C. H. Reddington (R.). J.
\V. Evans (R.). John Russ (M. L.).
Fchool directors from the ward*:
First— Frederick C. Cllft (R.): Second.
Frederick L. Button AC. L): Third,
George E. Randolph (M. L.); Fourth,
GilM H. Gray (R.); Fifth. John D.
lraa.ee (R.): Sixth, D. R. Robertson
(R.): 6eventh, W. J. WHcox (M. L.).
Library truFtees— Murray Laldlaw
(R.). George 8. Evans (R.). B. H. Pen
dleton (M. L). L. J. Hardy (M. L.),
Nlles Searls Jr. tM. L).
The foregoing are the successful can
didates at Oakland's municipal elec
tion.
Oakland Divorce Suits.
OAKLAND. March 12.— Albert Wilson
has begun suit for divorce- from Minnie
Wilson on the ground of desertion. Mrs.
Susanna Steele has begun an action for
divorce from William D. Steele on the
ground of conviction of a felony. Steele
was sentenced for. burglary In San Fran
cisco over a year ago. He has served his
term, but his wife refuses to live with
him. *The couple had separated" before
Steele's conviction.
party of 500 Porto Rlcan laborers is near
Yuma. Arizona, to-night, en route to the
Hawaiian sugar plantations, and Is ex
pected to reach this city to-morrow. Tho
party will embark on the steamer
Zealandla from Port Los Angeles. Th«
Zealandia left San Francisco this morning-
The Southern Pacific authorities are ex
ercising strict secrecy regarding tho
whereabouts of the emigrants
FIVE HUNDRED PORTO
RICANS FOR HAWAII
Great Secrecy Kegarding the Where
abouts of a/ Train Load of
Emigrants. / . :¦¦
LOS ANGELES. March 12.-Another
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. March 12.— The following
rrarriap»» llo^nsps were issued at the
County Clerk's office to-day: Alonzo L.
Frackney of Ben Lomond, aged 21, and
Nana E. Calrutt of Oakland, aged 18; John
Rateshy of Berkeley, aped 24, and Rosie
I>I»-f>ttl of Berk*>lpy. aged 20; Edward K.
Anderson of Oakland, aced 19, and Eva
Htci:era of Oakland, sged 18.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 12.— Singly, in
pairs, quartets and sextets, the members
of the Chicago Commercial Club enjoyed
themselves to-day, each of the party be
ing fancy free to do as ho pleased.
Many to^k the trip to Mount Lowe.
One party of ten were the guests of An
drew McNally. Others went to Santa
Monica to get a glimpse of the Pacific
Ocean and enjoy a fish dinner, and many
to take a dip into the ocean. Some drove
around the city, several visited friends in
Pasadena, which seems to be a mccca
for Chlcagoans. and many played golf.
One go\t party at the Country Club was
composed of Robert T. Lincoln. Marshall
Field. Major General Wesley Mcrritt and
A. J. Calon.
The physician who accompanies the
party has had but little to do other than
to give medicine to cure colds. AH of the
visitors are loud In their praises of the
manner in which they have, been enter
tained by the Santa Fe people. "While
they look upon President Ripley as one
of themselves, they appreciate the fact
that General Passenger Agent J. J.
Byrne went to Chicago and has been
with the party ever since, giving much of
his time to their pleasure.
To-morrow morning- at 8- o'clock the
party will leave for San Diego and the
following morning they will start for San
Francisco.
Chicago Commercial Club
Enjoys Its Los Angales
Visit.
EASTERN GUESTS
HAVE GOOD TIME
"WEDDING ABROAD SETS
BOSTON SOCIETY AGOG
Bridegroom a Lawyer of Fifty-two
"While His Bride Is Three-Score
and a Widow.
BOSTON, March 12.— A surprise of the
first order we.s presented to society In
Boston and Everett to-day, when the fol
lowing notice appeared in an evening
paper: Married— Bailey-Potter— March 2,
at the American church. In Geneva, Switz
erland. Hon. Dudley Bailey and Mrs. Ade
laide P. Potter, both of Everett.
Mr. Bailey Is a prominent member of
the Suffolk bar, about 52 years old, and
Mrs. Potter Is the principal and proprie
tress of a fashionable young ladies' board-
Ing school In Everett, which has been
patronized by the daughters of some of
Boston's most exclusive families. Mrs.
Potter is about GO years old. Her former
husband. Rev. George B. Potter, died
thirty years ago.
Shortly after Mrs. Potter's widowhood
began Mr. Bailey paid her diligent court.
For one reason or another Mrs. Potter
withheld her acceptance of his suit. Last
fall Mrs. Potter left her school and went
to Switzerland for her health. Shortly af
ter her departure Mr. Bailey disappeared
from Boston, ostensibly on a Continental
tourt Nothing more ¦was heard from him
until the publication of the marriage no
tice In Boston to-day.
I — ¦¦ «toi . i — ¦¦¦—
PRESIDENT WTLIi NOT
RIDE "WITH DELEGATION
Party Which Attends Launching of
Ohio Probably to Travel With
f Governor Hash.
WASHINGTON. March 12.-The Ohio
delegation in Congress, which Is to at
tend the launching of the battleship Ohio
at the Union Iron Works. San Francisco,
upon the occasion of the President'^ trip
to the Pacific Coast, will not travel In the
same train with the Presidential party.
They will go on a separate train, prob
ably with Governor Nash and other prom
inent Ohioans. The President's party will
be confined to the members of the Cabi
net and their wives, Mr. Scott of the
Union Iron Works, Mr. Cortelyou, secre
tary to the President; Dr. Rlxey, several
of the White House staff, and perhaps
one or two Invited guests.
Senator Carter was at the White House
to-day and discussed with Secretary Cor
telyou some plans regarding the Presi
dent's Western trip. It Is understood that
the Presidential party are to visit .the
Yellowstone National Park. Carter de
sired to make arrangements for the party
when It rassed through Montana and
while In the park.
tuary. They will occupy the suite known
as the Belgian. Court functions will be
held In tho throneroom of St. James
Palace. The coronation ceremonies will
be held In June. 1902. In 1S3S. on the oc
casion of the coronation of Queen Vic
toria, the ceremonies! cost £70.000; In 1S31.
when "William IV was crowned, the ex
pense was £50,000. and In 1S21. on the oc
casion of Georsre IV'3 accession, £21.000
was expended .In the ceremonies.
Tire King and Queen Alexandra Will
Take Up Residence in Buck
ingham. Palace.
LONDON, March 12.— Kins Edward and
Queen Alexandra will take up their resi
dence In Buckingham Palace next Feb-
EDWAHD'S CORONATION SET
FOR JUNE NEXT YEAS
Argronaut, Ernest Duden; Sunset, Theo
OrumbHch; San R»mardino. W. J. Beaver:
Redlanda, E. S. Footp; Los Anpeles. R. M.
Fp:iul<lin»r. At. D. ; Krei>no. Jarvis Streeter Jr. ;
San Pedro, '\Y. J. Buckley; Pasadena, TV. B.
Loughery; Golden West, W. M. Young; Sac
ramento. C. M. Beekwlth; California. H. G.
Bradford; Buena Vista, Charles \V. Dlxon;
Angelino, C. C. King; Sierra. Dr. W. F.
Lewis; Ban Francisco, A. H. Merrill: Vallejo,
Dr. J. F. Chappelle; Santa Ana, I. D. Mills;
Elysian, H. A. Rutledge; San Jose, H. B.
Fisher: Santa Monica. Robert F. Jones: Magic
Isle, Edwin Stanton; Pacific, W. S. Spencer;
LOS ANGELES, March 12.— The Grand
Council of California, Roval Arcanum,
was In session here to-day, and the fol
lowing- were present:
pate in Deliberations at
Los Angeles.
large Number of Delegates Partici-
ROYAL ARCAinTM GRAITD
COUNCIL IN SESSION"
At the afternoon business meetlnsr. re
ports of the grand repent, secretary
treasurer, representatives from the Su
preme Council and different committee*
were read and reported to the committee
on distribution of reports. A large num
ber of new delegates were received. Su
preme Orator A. S. Reblnson delivered
an address to the members, and the meet
ing adjourned until this evening, wher
every one and his lady were In attendance
at the reception to the Grand Consul,
Brother F. A. Falkenburg.
Grand regent. A. L. Spencer. Oakland: pranl
vice reg-ent. J. K. Hawk. Los Ariel's; graii.l
orator. Gustave Ounzen.lorfer. San Francisco;
past Brand reKent. Sam J. Cappel, Los AnKel«?!>;
grand secretary! Q. L. Davidson. Los Angeles;
grand treasurer. E. P. Fuller. Los Angples;
grand guide* !>• R. Clay. San Pedro; irranii
warden, Walter F>. Clark. Riverside: grand
sentry. Fred S. Thomas. Lou Ansrelen: superior
representative, O. \V. Mxon, San Francisco;
alternate, W. M. Barber. Los Angeles.
The Grand Council officers present were:
Kros. Dr. A. C. Snavely; Alameda. Rev. K.
S. Brush.
OAKLAND. March 12.— Everett Dowdle.
•who was billed to appear In an acrobatic
turn at the Elks' minstrel show for the
benefit of the West Oakland Home, fell
iT.a broke his ankle while practicing at
tho Reliance gymnasium last evening.
Injured "While Rehearsing.
were Republican. Had these gone to Mor
gan he would have been elected.
The run of John L. Davie for Mayor,
with no nomination, was one of the sur
prises of the campaign. Davie was gtven
scarcely more than 1000 votes by the po
litical wiseacres, yet he ran third with
2548 votes and was less than 400 behind the
leader In the race.
Looking Forward.
But so much for the election which Is
past. The ink on the election returns had
hardly dried before the future was being
discussed by the politicians, and the ef
fect that this election would have upon
the next State and county fights was be
ing figured out.
The men who figure politics as they do
a racing form chart take elections and
compute the possibilities of the future
upon the form of the past. Those who
are engaged in this Interesting if profit
less occupation say that this election will
cut more of a figure in State and county
politics than the mere possession of the
patronage of the city of Oakland would
indicate.
Dr. Gforgre C. Pardee and County As
sessor Henry P. Dalton were tacit If not
open supporters of the Municipal League
ticket, and to that extent this election
will affect the future. Dr. Pardee Is re
garded In Alameda County as an aspirant
for the nomination for Governor, and the
defeat of the Municipal League Board of
Public Works Is regarded as a blow to his
aspirations. It was recognized that Dr.
Pardee and Assessor Dalton were Inter
ested In the board fight, and particularly
in the success of W. A. Dow and M. K.
Miller. It Is the vote upon these candi
dates that Is regarded as significant.
Walter G. Manuel, the Municipal League
nominee for Mayor, was not particularly
friendly to the Dalton element in the Mu
nicipal League, and while he was given
the support of Dalton It was not because
of love, but because of necessity. Dalton
and Manuel separated over a fight In the
Third Ward two years ago and Manuel
was only accepted by Dalton because of
necessity. ,
So the political form chart makers are
figuring that this means a possible divi
sion in Alameda County on the question
of favored sons for high honors. The po
litical weather prophets are predicting po
litical contests In the future and the old
line Republicans are in complete control
of the city if they have lost the county
government.
What Will Happen.
There are all kinds of rumors In the air
as to what will happen. Nothing can be
done for a few weeks, for the new officials
cannot take office until the first of April,
and then will begin a reorganization of
the government.
The first branch that will be reorgan
ized will be the Board of Public Works
The first office that will be given out will
be the secretaryship of that body. The
straight Republicans will urge Rod W.
Church for that position, but Secretary
R F. Jackson Is a candidate to succeed
himself. As the secretary of the Board
of Public Works Is a sort of secretary to
the Mayor, It Is probable that Anson Bar
stow will be permitted to name the man.
Church would have been a candidate for
Those isew Wards.
City Clerk had the Council been Repub
lican, but will now be urged for secretary
of the Board of Public Works.
It la too early to talk about changes in
the various departments in detail, but the
most agitated department is the police
force. There are decided factions in this
department, divided upon political lines,
and that is where the agitation comes for
some of the members.
This election has developed some Inter
esting results In regard to the new ward
lines. The present City Council, which
is a Municipal League body, redlstrlcted
the city and practically redlstrlcted its
members out of office Instead of giving
themselves a m.ore complete hold upon the
vote.
The Third Ward, which has been a
Municipal League ward for ten years, ha3
now become old-line Republican by a de
cided majority. Tha Second Ward, which
has always been Municipal League, has
now become Republican. Instead of mak
ing the Fourth Ward Municipal League,
as It was endeavored to do by taking
in a section of tha old Third "Ward, it
more decidedly belongs to the old-line
party faction.
The only ward thit seems to retain Its
old-fashioned Municipal League character
is the Seventh, the lines of which were
not changed. The First Ward, which la
composed entirely of the annexed district,
has been an unknown quantity until the
present time, and It is now seen to be very
close between the Municipal League and
the Republicans.
The Fifth Ward, which was formerly
changes were In figures made by the few
missing precincts, but these did not alter
the results announced. The Republicans
hold complete control of the patronage of
the municipal government, and the Muni
cipal League holds control of the Council
by the very narrow margin of five votes
that elected Ruch over McMenomy In the
First Ward. While the complete control
of the Republicans in the Board of Pub
lic Works precludes any possibility of a
contest for the Mayoralty, which is the
only office connected with the Board of
Public Works that Is at all close, there
are several threats of contests In connec
tion with the City Council.
There is certain to be a contest In the First
Ward if the official count does not change
the newspaper returns. Ruch defeated
McMenomy by five votes on the face of
the returns, as carefully tabulated by the
newspaper bureau, and the work of this
organization was so careful and so nearly
perfect as to make It that the
official canvass by the City Council will
make any change. It can be said with
certainty that the courts will be appealed
to for a recount In this ward, and It is
said by the Republicans that McMenomy
will win by this recount. The Municipal
league controlled the election boards In
this district, and the officers were named
by Councilman Girard. and while no
charges of any nature are made by the
Republicans. It Is said that doubtful votes
were not counted to the credit of McMen
omy.
E. R. Allen. Republican nominee for
Ccuncllman at large, who ran sixth and
within 133 votes of George T. Burtchaell,
the Municipal League candidate at large,
who waa the lowest successful candidate,
threatens to contest the election of the
latter. C. H. Daly, the unsuccessful Mu
riclpal League candidate, has more votes
than Allen, but still less than Burtchaell.
Republican Victory.
The result Is a substantial Republican
victory, for It gives that party complete
control of the patronage of the city, and
while the Council Is Municipal League
ur-on its face, it is only by a very narrow
margin, and It would be Impossible upon
partv lines to muster enough votes to
override a veto by a Republican Mayor.
In addition th* Republicans capture seven
out of eleven School Directors.
Had It not been for a sudden case of
frigid pedal extremities upon the part of
seme Republicans they would have cap
tured the Treasurership. At the last mo
ment some Republicans began to fear that
C. B. Morgan, the Republican nominee for
Treasurer, might not be able to hold the
full strength of the party, and enough
votes were changed from Morgan to Bor
tree. the Democratic nominee, to defeat
Morgan and elect Felton Taylor on a
minority vote. Bortree ran 1300 ahead of
English, the Democratic nominee for
Mayor, and more than half of these votes
ELEVENTH CAVALRY DOFFS
SOLDIER UNIFORMS TO-DAY
Mustering 1 Out Officials Prepared to
Give the Manila Heroes Their
Final Papers.
The Eleventh Cavalry will be mustered
out of the service to-day and the Thirty
sixth Infantry will be mustered 6\jt Satur
day. The men turned In their arms f«v
eral days ago and have been doing soldier
duty with no other badge of authority
than their belts. An office has been erect
ed within the reservation, close to the
building where the men are to receive
their finals, which will be occupied by the
agents of the various railroad companies.
The men can obtain their tickets there at
low rates and thus avoid the trip to the
downtown offices.
The first battalion of the Twenty-eighth
Infantry and Company D, Tenth Infan
try, have received orders to prepare to
embark on the transport Indiana, which
leaves for Manila about the 15th lnst. The
headquarters, first and third squadrons
of the Fifth Cavalry and Troops A and
B. Fifteenth Cavalry, will take passage
on the Meade, which leaves on the 16th
lnst. The Pennsylvania, which sails on
the 18th. will carry seven companies of
the Tenth Infantry.
Orders have been issued calling for the
organization of the first battalion of the
Thirtieth Infantry. Captain Murphy and
Lieutenant Rethers have been detached
from duty with the Twenty-eighth and
assigned to the new organization. The
third squadron of the Fifteenth Cavalry
will also be organized. There are more
than 1100 recruits at the Presidio avail
able for the new commands.
Eighty-nine convalescents were dis
charged from the Presidio yesterday and
fifteen from the General Hosoltal.
Captain C. W. Hobbs. Artillery Corps,
has been detached from Alcatraz and
ordered to perform light duty at Fort
McDowell.
(R.), 896: Polrier (D.), 161: Lesser (S. D.), 37;
Hayes (Pro.), 8; Keller (I.). M. Ruch's plu
rality, 5.
Second Ward— Pratt (M. L.). 453: Little (D.).
264; Mara (D.), 141; Bradley (S. D.). 37; Ross
(Pro.), 6; Wlxson (I.), 470. Wilson's plu
rality, 17.
Third Ward— Galloway (M. L.). M7; Fitzger
ald (R.). 660: Forsbersr (S. D.). 3S; Caldwell
(Pro.), 19. Fitzgerald's plurality, 153.
Fourth Ward— Meeae (M. L.), 633; Boyer (It.),
656; Kletzker (S. D.), 23; Robinson (Pro.). 13.
Boyer's plurality, 33.
Fifth Ward— Smllia (M. L.). 538; Cadman
(R.), 476; Hackett (D.). 64: Dennison <S. D.).
27; Paterson (Pro.). 4. Smllle'B plurality. 62.
Sixth Ward— Ledgett (M. L.). 193; SchaftVr
(R.). 844; Gregan (D.). 38S; Claudius (S. D.),
33: Foyle (Pro.). 7. Schafter's plurality. 47t>.
Seventh Ward— Wallace (M. L.), 777; Gray
(R.). 531; Levin (S. D.). 39; Bird (Pro.), IX
"Wallace's plurality, 246.
SCHOOL DIRECTORS.
Myra W. Knox (R.) 4390
C. H. Redlngton (R.) 4402
J. W. Evans (R.) 2934
John Russ (M. L.) 3630
W. F. B. Wakefleld (M. L.)...... 3Vj5
H. A. Powell (M. L.) 3517
S. H. Strlte (R.) 34«3
A. Schaefer (S. L.) JS7
E. T. Nettle (S. L.) SS7
Mrs. A. Levin (S. L.) 3SS
I* M. Harrison (S. L.) 337
Mrs. F. M. Pugh (Pro.) 171
Mrs. H. E. McMath (Pro.) 126
J. W. Phillips (Pro.) 103
II. E. Brown (Pro.) 93
First Ward— Teajru* (M. L.). 369: Cllft (R).
384: Revoll (D.). 15S: O'Connor (8. D.). 14S;
Gurry (Pro.). 14. Cliffs plurality, 15.
Second Ward— Button (M. L.). 634: Sanborn
(R.), 453; Samsel (S. D.), 43: Pelton (Pro.). 27.
Button's plurality, 76.
Third Ward— Randolph (M. I*). 598: Schlea-
Intren (R.). 448. Randolph's majority. 150.
Fourth Ward— McL#od (M. I*). 512: Orny
(R.). 657; Stark (Pro.), 26. Gray's plurality,
13S.
Fifth Ward— Miller (M. L.). 602: Isaacs m.).
.514: Bennett (S. D.). 31. Isaacs" plurality. 12.
Sixth Ward— Meng*s CM. I-O. 347: Robertson
(R.). 608; Pelton (D.). 243: Richardson (S. D.).
79; Sanderson (Pro.). 7. Robertson's plurality,
259.
Seventh Ward— Vfllcox (M. LO. 791; Cross
(R.). 47S: SSpheffl^Id fS. I>.). 41; Crowhurst
(Pro.), IS. Wilcox'H plurality. 313.
LIBRARY TRUSTEES
Murray Laldlaw (R.), 36S3: George E. Evans
fR.). 33S3: B. H. Pendleton (M. L».). 3559: J. L.
Hardy (M. L..>. 35«: Xiles Snarls Jr. (M. L.).
34^4; E. P. Flint (M. L.). 3434; Frederick Kahn
m.). 3iZ\: B. T. Mouser (M. L.). 3357: J. C.
Punne (R.). 3276: W. W. Knickerbocker (R.>.
3226: N. Rueker rt>.). 6S2: H. T. Ranton (S. L ).
334; W. Sirobach (S. L.). 315: J. H. Eimtiee
<S. L.). 315: J. O. Stocking (S. L.). SOS: Kate
Hays (Pro.). 119; M. A. Thompson (Pro.). 104;
R. J. Hunter (Pro.). 102; C. C. Schaeffie (Pro.).
93; W. N. Mcferve (Pro.). g&
MEN CHOSEN FOR OFFICE BY OAKLAND VOTERS.
OAKLAND, March 12.— The com
plete returns of yesterday's elec
tion, obtainable at a very late
hour this morning, show the same
general result as announced In
; The Call of this morning. The only
the smallest in -the city and was the in
tensely aristocratic -ward of Oakland, has
now the largest saloon vote of any ward
in the city. Even the Sixth Ward has no
more saloons than the Fifth because the
line of the Sixth Ward was drawn along
the middle of Seventh street and the
saloons there were divided. The Fifth
Ward has been extended south of Eighth
street and west of Jefferson and takes
in all of the saloons In the business part
of town.
MAYOR.
Complete Figures.
Following are the complete returns of
the election:
TREASURER.
Manuel (M. L.), 2S13; Barstow (R.). 2944:
English (D.). 98S; Lenden (S. D.). 143: Shank
ley (Pro.), 58; Davle, (Ind.). 2471 Barstow's
plurality. 131.
AUDITOR.
Breed (M. L.). 466S; Gross (R.). 39««: God
enough (S. D.), 315; McDonald (Pro.). 7*.
Breed's plurality. 702.
Taylor (M. L->, 343«J: Morgan (R.), 2S14; Bor
tree (D.), 2304; Radtke <S. D.), 2S8; Lani
(Pro.). 77. Taylor's plurality. 618.
ATTORNEY.
ENGINEER.
Dow (M. XO. 3799: Johnson (R-). ««4. John
son's majority, 1165.
Muller (M. L.). $319; Turner (R.). 4884: Fon
taine (D.), 673; Booth (S. D.). 171; Brown
(Pro.), 75. Turner's plurality. 1545.
COCNCILMEN*.
At large— B. C. Cuvellier (M. !>.), 3S03: Georse
W. Dornln (M. L.). 3651; C. A. Bon (R.). 3338;
O. T. Burtchaell (M. U). 1352: C. H. Daly (M.
LO. S24S: E. R. Allen (R-). 3219; "W. C. Uttl*
(R.), 3064; R. B. Gaylord (R.). 3127: Robert
McKUllcan (D.). 1965; J. J. White (D.), 155C;
J. M. Bassett (D.), 1083; Leo Fuchs (D.). Co.-
Robert Vincent (S. L.), 317; Jacob Scheithe (S.
U.), 293: W. T. Lake (S. L.), 286: O. H. Phli
brtck (S. LO. 212; T. H. Montgomery (Pro).
104; P. V. Chamberlain (Pro.). 70; H. W. Stowe
(Pro.). 69.
First Ward— Ruch (M. L.), 401; McMenomy
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN* JOSE. March 12.— Dist-Ict Attorney
Bullock of San Mateo County was on the
witness stand all day in the Mansfleld-
O'Keefe libel suit. He wa3 given a rigid
cross-examination by Attorney Hlghton,
but his testimony was not shaken. AH In
all it showed that Judge Buck, Sheriff
Mansfield and the witness were not In tha
habit of enjoying mutual love feasts.
Attorney Richards made the opening
statement of defendant's case when court
was called this morning. He said the de
fense Intended to show that the charges
In the article published in the Redwood
City Times-Gazette criticizing Judge Buck
and Sheriff Mansfield were true.
District Attorney Bullock then took ths
stand. He had known Judge Buck and
Sheriff Mansfield for a number of years.
The only differences between them wer*»
of a political nature. The witness had
gone with Sheriff Mansfield to the scene
of the murder of the Johnson bov at Col
ma the morning following the crime.
They separated at the depot and started
In different directions to see what evidence
they could obtain against Desirello. They
were to report to each other, but the
Sheriff failed to do so and went to San
Francisco. Mansfield had not reported to
this day. and he gave no information to
assist at the Coroner's Inquest. The Dis
trict Attorney said that he had received
no assistance from the Sheriff In the pros
ecution of the case against Desirello. No
witnesses nor evidence had been produced.
At other times he had rendered valuable
assistance, went out of his way to do so.
but in the Desirello case he had done
nothing.
The witness said that Mansfield was
present at all times at the trial of De
sirello. Mrs. Mansfield sat beside Mrs.
Desirello and their seats were put directly
in front of the jury- The mother and
sister of the murdered hoy were put to
one side. When Mrs. Johnson and her
daughter had cried at the Introduction of
the pistol used in the murder Judge Buck
had ordered them to keep quiet or leavp
the court.
Bullock said that Mansfl>ld had come to
him after the publication of the article
In O'Keefe's paper and asked for a war
rant for O'Keefe's arrest. He advised
against this procedure. Finally he told
Mansfield he would see that the warrant
was Issued, but he would not prosecute it.
for he believed the article contained tho
truth.
San Hateo's Prosecuting At
torney Testifies Against
Sheriff
MANILA. March 12.— Captain Gullck of
the Forty-seventh Volunteer Infantry has
received the surrender of the Insurgent
major Pulay, with forty-nine officers and
240 men, at the town of Gubat. in Southern
Luzon.
Lieutenant Watson of the Forty-fifth
Volunteer Infantry, while scouting near
the hamlet of Eado. in Camartnes Prov
ince, .Southern Luzon, killed five insur
gents and destroyed fifteen of the enemy's
thatched barracks.
The I'nlted States army transport Kr
bert will sail for Taku. China. March 14.
to take on board the remains of American
soldiers who have died in China. From
Taku the Egbert goe* to Seattle.
The authorities nt Washington have as
signed the control of the great Ice plant
which has been under construction for tha
last two years to the insular government.
In order to s:ive cold storage capacity, tha
army will be furnished with Ice under
contract with the Insular government.
The cost of the construction of this lea
plant was estimated at $400,000. but tha
commission found it necessary to appro
priate $300,000 more to this end. General
MacArthur held that the plant ought to>
be controlled by the military.
The. commission, without making any
recommendations, submitted separata
schemes for the military and civil con
trol of the plant, and tho War Department
approved the latter.
The cost of operating the plant la esti
mated at $150,000 a year.
Generals MacArthnr and Wheaton to
day reviewed the Thirty-fifth Volunteer
Infantry and highly complimented tha
regiment for its fine appearance, service
and proficiency.
The United States army transport
Thomas is expected to arrive here to
morrow from Mindanao with the Twenty
eighth Volunteer Infantry on board and
to leave March 13 for home with this regi
ment.
OFFICIALS CLASH
IN LIBEL SUIT
Gubat, in the South of the Island,
the Scene and the Forty-Seventh
Volunteer Infantry the
Victors. ; I :
With Officers and Men the
Luzon Leader Yields to
Captain Gulick.
INSURGENT MAJOR
POLY CAPTURED
WASHINGTON. March 12. — Caesar
Cflpo Moreno, for years a familiar char
erter on the streets about the Capitol,
died here to-day from a stroke of paral
ysis. Moreno had a picturesque and ad
venturous career. He had visited nearly
every civilized portion of the globe, and
rliiimf-d all the rulers as his friends. For
th» past ten years he had led rather a
precarious existence in this city. Moreno
was a native of Italy, saw service In the
• "rlmean war and while in Sumatra was
instrumental In a movement for inciting^
the natives to revolt against Holland.
I*ater he was sent to Tonquin by the
French Government in some capacity and
thence drifted to China, where he organ
ized the first steamship company under
the Chinese flag.
Shortly after the Civil War he landed
st San "Francisco and was successful In.
Fecurir.c the enactment of the Moreno
laws fty the protection of coast fisheries.
In 1-7:: he organized a trans-Pacific cable
company, in which Leland Stanford waa
ilnterested. and finally a charter was ob
•^inin^d from Congress for constructing a
cable estimated to cost J10.000.000. He
jigaln wont to the Orient and subsequent
ly to the Hawaiian Islands, where he
rairf-d the confidence of Kine Kalakaua.
The latter, angered at the refusals of the
«'abinet to approve a loan of $1,000,000 by
i!>- Hawaiian 'ioverr.ment for the pro
poyAd cable, dismissed the members and
selected four new councilors, Moreno be
ir.c f'ifFicnated as Prime Minister. Moreno
carried things with a high hand, and
sfter live <I»ys of power was forct^d to
Five up the position.
He was still a favorite with the Klngr,
hoftgver. and the latter secretly commls
rioned him as Minister to the United
Ftates and every court in Europe, but
'hfso commissions were soon re%oked.
Up took three young Hawalians to Eu
rope to be educated, and about 1SS2 re
turned to America and had lived in Wash-
Srptnn *!!>re that time. He was about 70
vears of aire.
Cssiar Celso Moreno, Friend
of Princes and Adven
turer, Passes Away.
"WASHINGTON. March 12.— No step has
been taken by cither side since the deliv
ery of the British note treatlns; of ihe
Senate amendments to the Hay-l'aunct j 
fote treaty and it is understood that none,
will \a> taken in the immediate future.
The treaty expired March 5. and it is
stated positively that before this Gov
ernment decides as to whether or not it
Eball enter uwa negotiations for a new
treaty with <-rcat Britain, an effort *vill
l-o made to learn the views of Senators
und the pr.rty leaders in Congress. There
will be no tivaty submitted to the Senate
exc«pt upr.:: j. clear understanding that
It Is strong «nough to assure the vote of
two-tfetnla c-t the body.
A supResiion has been made that au
Jnterr.ational congress to be held at
Washington might prove the best means?
. f harmonizing the difference* and brush
ing about a common gTound of under
t^taridir.fr. Out of ruch a eongrepg grew
the Suez convention, which controlled the
linage of that waterway. There Is reason
lo believe that the project of an inter
national congress at Washington would
meet with lavor from several of the
;:-jmpear. maritime power3 which ha\e
not up to this time taken a prominent
put in canal affairs. On the other hand
ihe idea <'t a congress met pome opposi
tion whe- informally suggested to-day to
«ii;>!omats who have taken a leading part
i-i ihe cana. neeotlatlons.
i ->rd C; ar.borne. the Under Secretary
< I Foreign Affairs, in the House of "roin
rsoxa to-day, referring; to Great Britain's
reply to the I'nited Bt.ites Senate am<?r.d
ntenta to the Hay-Pauncefote treaty,
«-<>mmunle««ted yscterday, added that the
j'.ritish Government was not engapo 1 in
lioeotiatirg with any other power on this
: ubject.
i.o.VDON. March 12.— The afternoon
7.'! I fvs htrv to-day follow the morning:
papers 5n ax -proving the Government's re
fusal to iee^»t the Senate's araendmeiitR
to the llay-i auuoefote treaty. The only
novel suR-gost'on in the matter appears
In the Evcrir.g Standard, which Is of tin;
npiniun that the time has e..me to attack
Monroeism, and say?: "Knw that the re
public is taking an active interest in the
world*! politic* ihe time has come when
thi' fiction that the Western Hemisphere
is to be guarded as a close preserve for
.American enterprise fhould finally be ex
ploded. English interest? are quite as
paramount as those of the sister States,
urd it cannot b» lonfr before the atten
tion cf the Continental powers will be
taora directly drawn to the commercial
risibilities of the dormant southern half
of the continent."
CITIZEN OF THE
WORLD IS DEAD
International Congress Suggested as
the Best Heans of Bringing About
a Common Ground of
Understanding.
Government Wishes First to
Accertain Views of Sena
tors on Rtnewal.
NO NEW BRITISH
TREATY AS YET
RESULT OF THE OAKLAND ELECTION
BRINGS PROPHECIES OF THE FUTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ WEDNESDAY, MAKCH 13, 1901.
9
The remedies they think best suited to ' "Several years ago I had a very severe
the needs of their patients. When the attack of nervous prostration. The
disease is of a nervous nature, with head- strain and weakness were so great at times »
ache, sick stomach, failing appetite, indi- that I thought I should never recover. A
gestion, restlessness, loss of sleep and a good friend of mine, an analytical chem-
gcneral run-down condition, a nerve tonic ist, induced me to try Df. Miles' Nerv-
and brain food is an absolute necessity. ine, which I did. The good results were
» »Thc best of all remedies for weak, debili- apparent after the second dose, and I
tated, exhausted nerves — best for the doc- kept on taking the medicine until J was
tor to prescribe and best for the patient to well and sound as ever."
take— is that incomparable restorative, Thomas Duncan, Rising Sun, Ind.
It makes the nerves strong, the brain clear, the appetite keen and the digestion pcrteci.
It rebuilds the failing strength and is an unfailing cure for nervous prostration.
SM by all druggists on a guarantee. Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkiiaxt, Ind,
. ¦. * ¦¦¦.¦••¦¦¦¦.¦•_¦¦
"I had one patient almost gone from
He cculd not retain any food,
t^t lived on Postum until strong enough
t" take other food and i?ot well.
"I am RoJng to take up a large supply of
Po&tum next trip."
"I Fend you a list of many names of
miners that have given up coffee and are
using Postum. and In each case there
has s. < r, a remarkable improvement in
health. ' L -.,.\-
She f.tvs of herself that she has been a
prrat fufferer from the use of coffee and
had a most fhameful bilious complexion.
Fhe fays: "I not only suffered from the
lode? but had a very serious stomach
trouble. When I finally quit coffee and
Jx^ean uslne Postum Food Coffee my
Ftorrach Ixgan to recover its normal con-
dition and my complexion pradually
chanped. until r.ow. after a month or more
use of Pofitum. my complexion Is as fair
Bfl a school elrl'B.
A nurs<\ Mrs. L. Lovell. who has been
employed in different places in Alaska for
the pas»t three years, writes to say that
ph#» ha* Induced many patients to leave
Off coffee and take Postum Food Coffee.
aririeb Is very popular now In many of the
mining camps, for they have learned its
value.
ThctharartT of the food used In the
tr!inir«T camps Is such that many strong
ncn break down tinder It. Scurvy is a
very common disease. They drink quan-
tities of coffee and that does its work with
thousands.
NURSING IN ALASKA.
JZeed of Proper Food and Care for
-H Miners.
POSTTTM CEREAL.THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAHCH 13, 1901.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL. •
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fr__d»co
Call, corner c? Msrket and Third etreeti; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6rT Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes rtreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
fZi McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
fl." Larkin etrect; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
1561 Slarket street, corner Sixteenth; open
eat II S p. m.
Zf-( Eleventh street: open until S p. rn.
Jf?€ Valencia street; open until 9 p. rn.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tu»-lcy gtreet«=: cpert until 9 p. m.
MKETING NOTICES.
J|OUNT~TlOmAirTx>lKe No. 44. F. and a
A M -Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/\_
1 VENINO. at 7:20 .'Vl.x-k. F!r?t I>e- ?^_f\
pre* THEO. FROLICH. Sec. / >
CROCKETT Lodge N"- 13*. *"• and A. M. _¦
-Desree 1 THIS EVENING. March 13. J\^
- -¦ :-,; ,-k jjy order of the W . M. 1W^\
H. FOKTRIEDE. Secrete ry. * ' .
?I^S5_pedi_ ) T5f«_a» this (wed- ,A |
NESDAY) EVENING. March IS. at JSX !
T30 o'clock; third degree. ' v
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary. j
MISSION Lodre No. 1C9, F. and A. M;— _\
Ppe-lal meeting THIS . WEDNESDAY) J\^ |
KVENING at 7:30 o'clock for th-! pur- foJ\
po_- ci eW.in 6 a wl
YERBA BVENA LcageNo. W. I.
O r F— Initiation THURSDAY
EVENING. MRrch 14. 1301. Mem-
_« lleaS ° ""JOHN A. OHLSON. N. O. I
WM. P. HUMPHREYS. Sec.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. Of P.. 3£r
«ill confer the Knlg-ht Rank <Lons^ KA
Form). WEDNESDAY. March 13. ej_&*
mi at Pythian Castic. 9C9>. Market
?t _t f •;.' p. rr.. Members of sister lodges
____Ur invited * F. ,E. SHARON, C. C.
O. NORCROPS. K. of R. and S.
K. R. n.— Regular meetinp of the A
ball committee will be held at _f
our hall 1133 Mission fit.. THIS X
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at S _^^r J*
o'clock. Men-.bers .-.re requested ?«_L._\__S r
to attend to ir.ake final arrange- ~^ff%iZrr
mmts fir our anr.ual ball, which s* "^
wl!l be he!d at O<ji Fellows' Hali.
O~esth and Market sts.. on Saturday even-
ing. March 3«. t*t. Patrick's eve.
CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEE.
1.1 ASTER Mariners' Benevolent Apfo —^__
elation— Special meeting w ill lx> held . *X
hi hall. Cro Post et.. WEDNESDAY. .-?____»
March 13. at I p. m. All members
are requested to be prrsent for the purpose
'of attending the funeral of our deoe_sej
brother O. T. KNITZEN. By order of the
rreflaent. L. TRAt'XQ. Rec. Sec.
A2RCUA-I Meeting— Th" annual meeting of the
rtockholders of the Western Sujrar ReP.ninj?
Crtrnrany vill lw> held at the effice of the
company. ~7 Market st., San Francie^o. Cnl..
«->n MONDAY, the St_ day cf March. UOt,
MX the hour of [2 m.. for the purpose of
fleamx a board of directors to serve for
the enfuinp: year and the transaction of
Fuch other business as may come before tlie
¦nf.Ir.ir. Transfer books will close on Fri-
day. March 15 1?';1 at 71 m.
TV. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
THI- P.IO MICHOL RCBBER COMPANY of
ftsn Francisco, Cal., wants intelligent men to
net as its agents throughout the United
States: must bo men cf character, address Ac
j^ush.* The company o^i'r^s lar^e pror^erti**s, is
out of debt & in a thoroughly sound & flour-
5f=hir.jr condition. It has a considerable acre-
*ire already planted to rubber and has a large
f, rce of men constantly at work. It offers
for sale a limited number of interest-bearing:
end installment certificates. A comparatively
Fsr.ail amcur.t invested now will produce large
aid steadily increasing income in near future.
The corporation invites closest Investigation,
and intere«t«>d persons apply Rio Mi-
rhcl Rubber Co.. r. «3-G5. Crocker bldg.. S. F.
A'JEN'T? and solicitor* wanted to represent a
weH-eptablifhed publishing company; male or
female: wagrs or c-imm'ssion guaranteed.
Oakland. Alameda. 5. I\. etc. Box 26S1. Call.
RESIDENT agents, with references, for coun-
try towns. F. R. GBAKKIS, _E Montg., S. F.
EXPERIENCED Insurance ager.ts. Ca!l at
ro<"n 1(1. SJ7 Marke-t et.. corner Sixth.
WANTED — Aeer.ts in each city; good money.
Pacific Oast M. & L. Co.. 40) Sth. Oakland.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. PIT Market st., 6th floor, room 627
— Estates, damage?, attachments, bankruptcy,
collect W.r.s; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charge*; loans on estates. Tel. Howard IT,".
ADVICE! free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o foe without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5t» Market, cor. Ftocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections; damages: es-
tctos;. mininp; ojv»n even. Sf'2 Parrctt bldg.
I HANK \V. fMITH. mining and prolate law a
Bpe_s!tjr. Mills 11^., r. S. 4th fir.; tel. RM 3o'.6.
ADVICES free; r.it charge nl«p successful \V.
IV. DAVIDSON, trr Market St.. opp. Mason.
L B. CLARK. Emma Spr?ckels bids.. 927 Mar-
Ivf-trt.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ASPHALTIM ROOKING.
J. PEZI-TIER. asrhalt roofinp. side~alks re-
paired; postal. ll*-6 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
BCSISBSS CHANCES.
A^f-r "CIGAR etar.d: rent «10; dally receipts
$12: located close to Palace Hotel. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26U Kearny et.
A— Si_X': CORNER _rrocery and bar on Cali-
fornia Ft. : choicest location in this city; poo 1
j*aying place; clean etock, good fixtures. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny Et.
A— $200: STATIONERY store; 2 living rooms;
rert SIC; er «",<! business for man _nd wife.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^j Kearny Bt.
A-9OB0: RESTAURANT and chophouse ; rent
i'fi; place estab. years; daily receipts $50;
trial eiven: a cievi business and beet loca-
tion. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CVi Kearny st.
A— IT.'O; SALOON; clearing JIM per month; rent
JiO: eftab'.Hhed many years; only day busi-
ness; location l^st in this city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2'S Kcaray i^t.
_-. — ITJO; COItNKR croc-^ry and bar; northern
part of city; death cf owner caiut of eale; a
pood business fcr man and wife. Call H. G.
VVILKE. 26 : i Kearny st.
A— El«50: CORNER «*aloon: location Third an-1
Mission sts; rent taO. lease; corner can't be
bc-at; ab'/jt SIOOO stock on hand; owner must
have operation performed, only cause of sale.
K. G. WILKE, _6'_ Kearny tt.
A— $ll.".O: SALOON close to Montgomery St.;
f.iace PstabliFhed SO year—: clearing at l^a^t
"_jO per month: 3 furnished rooms included:
rent JK. Ca'.l R. G. WILKE. 2C'._ Kearny st.
A-fl2'd: CAFE and restaurant: elegantly fitted
up and dolr.e a rusliins business: locatej
oio« to Po-well and Market sts. Call R. U.
1VILKK. :c\ Kearny st.
A— S^>0; CORNER butcher shnp in northern
part of city: r*nt 120; horse, cart: Felling 4
cattie and about 15 she«"p per wwk; a cash
custom. Call R. G. WILKE. KVi Keanny et.
100 BARGAINS— All Flzes. from 3 to 000 Rooms.
Consisting In Hotel*
R<x"mir.K Houses
ixKiirlng Houses
Boardirj? Houses
<i*-~«!n house: rent SCO $1000
14 rooms on Third n 4.7)
10 rooms on Taylor ft ?,.V :
23 rooms on Market fct K"C
S3 rooms en Market ct 170(1
If* rooms; modern house JO.COC
Flats and Private Homes.
H. C. I>ECKER. 1O Market Et.. Mint 796.
SeOff—KOARDING-HOTFE. 24 roorrs and bar;
iO jrood boarder?: one of the best paying
houses in the city and the greatest bargain
ever offered for saie; will clear ?l. r >0 to J2C0
per ra<-nth: must sell this Tvoek. as the owner
he* ether business to attend to in the coun-
try. lJui«ln»_F Board of Trade. 326 Pine nt.,
opposite San Prancisco Stock E_change.
CALL to-flay fcr bargains. Busings Board o!
Trade. Livery and boardinK stable. $1SCC;
«-ash Kroc«-ry and bar. for the Invoice: hall
interest In old reliable ftore; fine l&dging-
1itj?->. J5 rocrr.s. C2C Plne-st.
AN unpreo»oented sacrifice; T5-room brick ho-
¦ tel _r.(! furnlfjre; djir.g- Immense ftrst-cias!
tt2 n day* husiness: cost and worth 150.000;
offered for tl6.C00; h=_ rented for $400; now
i»jr by owner.
N. D. PICKEL5. the Ix.nd Ajrent. 6 Geary *t.
Xi<"»TEL. country. 40 rooms; rent JTJ; livery at-
tax h«-d; uood businee*; price tZM); easy terms,
call early for this b_rpain.
O. \V. SCHWEINHARD,
Room J. 91 7 Mgrkfrt ft., opp. Maion.
JJj'J— PARTNER —anted: Indoor commission
busines-. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. ?77'/4 Market.
f c ZQ— CANDY store and factory: bargain; leav-
ing (Sty caure of Eale. MCLAUGHLIN _
CO.. :;:H Market St.
100 CIGAR FtJtntJs. 200 groceries and bars.
iJOO candy and lr-«?cre_m stores. iOO restaurant-.
300 Ftores of all kinds: partners wanted.
Partifs with JlOfl up can be euited.
W A LTER HAYES _ CO.. SSS Market st.
JC*— RESTAURANT: pood location; dally re.
*-eipts tTr, rent 119 per month: good fixtures;
2 roome In rear. Apply LCNDIN & CO..* 901
Market el
AA— €4C0; <JItANL> opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, perlcdicals. notion?.
* Waiting-room. 2td ave. station. E. Oakland.
A^*:00; PARTNER wanted: llfrht buslnees
rmist be eaOsfled with J18 to J25 a week: n<
experience re'julrtHl. 23 Geary et.« roora * I.
STATIONERY, notion and periodical «tore Ir
thriving country town, near dtr- —Addre*'
box 21iS, Call office. • ->i*r.'* ' . "¦
BUSIXESS CHAXCES- -Contlnned^
WOOD _nd coal for sale; yaxfl belonging to
the estate of Ralph ilclntyre, 1138 McAllister
«t., near Flllmore; larga coal wagon, one
delivery wagon, one buggy, harness, 3 horses,
scales sheds and improvements and 21
months' lease; rent practically free; bids
will be received till Thursday the 13th lnst,
at 12 o'clock. P. BOLAND, Public Admin-
istrator, 23S Montgomery et.
X— HOME balcery and restaurant: first-class
trade; doing excellent business; well fur-
nished living rooms; low rent; will be sold
nt a bargain; good opportunity for right
party. 27C0 Mission ft.
PLUMBING shop for 6ale in Palo Alto. Ad-
dress Plumber, box 179. Call office. .
IN city, rear Grant ove.; good paying dress-
making business cheap. Box 264a. Call office.
BAKERY for sale— Ln.rg«et and best; located
in large country town. Box 2689. Call.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including eawmlll. timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. _ F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
FOR sale — A steam laundry in the Sacramento
Valley, doing a business from $100 to $150 per
wwk; no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
1845. Call office.
WILL sell half interest In a good carpenter
anJ store fitting business; well established
and raying. Apply at carpenter shop, 612
Bush St.. between 8 and 10 a. m.
FOR *ale or lease— The Bay View Stables, San
Rafael, Marin Co.. Cal. For particulars ap-
ply to M. MURRAY, on premises; cleared
over $500 a m"nth for last 8 years.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
j LARGE cntslde route fNo. 1C) for sale. Apply
j at Call Business office.
| HZZ______— — — — — -
| RESTAURANT for eale: established SO yearn;
j doing business of nbout $41 per day. Inquire
j at Call office. ¦__
; FOR $10 I will trach men and women a pro-
i fesslon that will fetch them from $5 to $-'0
i a day. G. W. C. tS<l Call office.
' HOTEL to lease — 21 rooms at San Rafael; new-
1 ly jalnted; in first-class order. Owner. 11
> Lyon st.
| BT*TTER and egg stall in Grand Western
j Market. Inquire J. H. EGGERS. 1312 T» o lk.
! SALOON for sale; old established -corner; good
i location. Address box 2C33, Call office.
i pTTaNING-MILL In this city for sale. F.
GEIER. Market and Dolores sts.
¦ SMALL restaurant for sale, cheap: doing _
i good business. 506 Howard st., near First.
{ ron sale — Candy store and Ice cream parlor;
' good location. Inquire at 1C42 Market St.
i BAKERY for rent: oven complete; good busl-
i ness. 1SC2 Sbattuck ave.. North Berkeley.
; ;j."00— PARTNER wanted: furniture, wall paper
business: country; fine chance. Box 2132, Call.
J39 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
! LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business sffice.
I LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
! EEE OUR~LIST ol?~200~HOUSES BEFORE
; buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
CO rooms, close in, elevator, etc $45Cn
! 12 rooms, new, clean, clears $50 900
I 14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition 1000
j SO roorns, n! 1 coTiv^nicnc^^, cd^ct. c _i_tr_ .1. 8000
I 11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
! ments WO
I Vacant houses furnished
i We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
| DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
i SELECT your house from largest list in town.
7 rooms: well furnished; only $200
; 9 rooms, fine location 42S
: 14 rooms; elegant: must sell 800
! 29 r.. apartments absolutely new: cash 1000
' 33. K2. 112 and 136 r. houses: values excellent
• Buyer* from $100 to $100,000 can be suited.
i We* lend half purchase money at lowest rates.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. SSS Market St.
MARION GRIFFIN has a big list. See it
719 Market Ft., nr. Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03..
40 rooms, respectable, clears $145; rent $129...
nice location: terms ii cash: big mortgage....
! 11 rooms, new house; new heavy carpets; fine
oak furniture: Income $1GO $500
1 Houses of all sizes, kinds and prices.
! City hotel?. S3C00 up to $10.000
• FISHER & CO.. 11"-I Market St.; telephone 13M>.
4% rooms. N. of Market: only $16iv>
It rooms. Hyde: very finely furnished.... C*>
I 20 room", rent $ T >1: location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price
north or south of Market st.
I LODGING-IIOUPES— Sizes and prices to suit
! nil buver* 1 : titles jninrRnteed; money loaned
i buyers"; before burins call.
G. W. SCHWEINHARP.
' Phrne Mint mil. 91* Market St.. b»t. nth & Cth.
i G9 ROOMS, n'ce corner, well furnished, cheap
I rent, half cash, balance nt 1 per cent. $4500;
Yl rooms, good location, $CM, half cash, bal-
ance at 1 per cent: money to loan fit 1H- M.
E. RIVES. 916 Market, r. 69. tel. Main 123.
j CALL end s*e our list of bargains in houses:
' we have them in nnv part of the city and at
I any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28
Sixth gt.
BEFORE closing your bargain see our list of
paying hmimi In tny part of cifr: money
loaned. DODLE & TUP.NER. 3 Eddy st.
jsfto_26 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy St.
•son — Bar-window house. 18 rms..good furniture:
always full: rent $44: bargain. S34 Folsom st.
FOR rale— 10-ropm house: nlcelv furnished: al-
ways full. Inaulre at 7S2 Ellis st.
I ¦ i
; SPIRITCALISM.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells pnst
and future, cures dlj(*ss»s by sympathy; never
fells: has the seven p^als, the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the worid: shows picture of fu-
ture husband or wife; gives lucky numbers;
advice ir. all speculation, love and legal af-
fairs: any one consulting the madame will be
convinced thst she Is r.o sham: prices 23c and
I up: come and you will be purprls«»d: gives
j satisfaction every one; op. Sundays. 21514 6th.
I ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy. Prince Les-
ter, who** free tests, calling your name, the
; riair* of the one you love and the name of the
on* you wiU marry, for a short time: the only
medium in the world fo sure of his occult
power that he will give every person who
enmeg prepared a wonderful free test, fall or
rrrlte. with stamps for answers. 1382 Market
St.. orr»e!te Odd Fellows' Hall.
AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
| world-renowned spiritual medium: advice In
, I all sffalrs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
j unites the eeparat'd: mining a specialty: cir-
i rlrr. Sun.. W«l.. Frl. eve.: letters answered.
Re*1d. (no signs). 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde. Larkln.
, A^MRS. J. J. WHITNET. trance, business
I medium, life render. m»dical clairvoyant: slt-
j tines. Jl. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MRS. MAXWELL'S m^tlne to-nl~ht. Scottish
I Hell. Larkin Ft.; Mr. and Mrs. Forster; con-
vincing tests.
I ! ,
i I MTlR.WlnchMter. tranc* medium, has returned
from the EaFt & will be found at ]<!10 Clay
• J «t. : circles Sun. even, and Tues. afternoon.
• ATTEND Min».t Marquise' s test circle to-night
at 8: 1P<*; sittings dally. 5 Hyde st.
1IR. J=\VAN ~ives a spiritual developing t»st
j I circle to-nlcht. S13 Jones st. Admission 25c.
' I MRS. WEFT, wonderful medium and healer;
> I readlnrs dally. 1ft to 10. VM Market, room 14.
• i MRS. LESTER — Ren dines COr; circle every evo.
I ex. Sst.. 10c. ; devel. circle Tues eve. 222 Turk.
MRP~LOUISE P. DREW. Psycliie. Electric
und Maim etle H»al»r. Rnom 14. S03 Larkin st.
I FRIENDSHIP Hnll. 3" McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
| I.Iever: Flttlncs dnilv tent* to all to-nieht: Me.
I 7 , .. ¦¦•
CLAIRVOYANTS.
¦ MME. _I. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
; Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
; ty located 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
J | She reads your life correctly, gives an acctir-
; Rte dei«ciiption of the past, revenla th» present
. j future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
. j happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes- j
s I tie, love or business troubles, consult th!« i
great medium and' you will be told hew to
, overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life: 23c up; nerfect satisfaction guaranteed.
; MRP. 1>R. F. CLARK, the well-kns-n trance
medium, is permanently located at 12C3 Mar-
ket Ft., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
and 2S: take elevator. Perfect *atisfact!on
guaranteed by mail; send etamp Cor pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
J MME. PORTER, v.-onderfnl clairvoyant _ curd
r»a<1er. horn with double veil — second sight;
'. dioirnoFes disease with life reading; la<1ie«t 3Oc.
- j gents $1: palm, and clalr. r\t. M TA. -126 Turk.
\ ISMAR. tlie Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
- j palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
I lith: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
j MRS. E. FANDERS. medium and palmist;
j teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth; readings dally. 1104 Market st.. r. 28.
\ MlIC. LA ROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
. fft ir*dlum: 2-tC up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
5 MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. wat?r
reader. II Cth: German spoken: telHowardIS46.
• MME.ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card render. 25c. 7 Seventh Bt.
I MME. SCHAFFEH. clairvoyant, card reader,
J sittings dally. *WA Jessie St.. bet. 5th & Cth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card T*art«*r -ml
J palmistry; truth or no nay: We. 1149 Mission.
J MME. RAVENNA, read* llf- fluently: business
.advice; names given: 2Zc up. 5 Fourth »t.
CARPET DEAT I>X3AADCL^ANIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, S53-337 Tehama >t : tel. South 40.
CITY 8team Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, rogr.. 3S-40 Sth Rt.; tel. South J50.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per ynrd. laid at Be.
STRATTON*S. 3 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Heating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 12*.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
Iess successful. Room 310. 927 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of~4~rooms and bath. G70 Walnut
ave., bet. Octavla and Laguna eta.
PERRY. 202. near Fourth— Cottage of S rooms; '
rent $7. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School •
patterns cut; special class rates. 1019 Market.
DRESS skirts. $1 00 up; _h!rt waists, 7Ec up.
140 Tenth st. _________
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt. I
DEXTISTS.
AT~theELECTRO-'DENTAL"cLINIcT803 Mar-
ket St., cor, 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have, your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays.9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful Bccret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farre£ Bt^
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, j
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: filling?,
D.ic; plctes, ?.">; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work eoliclted;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
DR.R.L. WALSH, S15=i Geary, nr.Larkln— Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg__
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenlnes and Sun-
days. .1001 Market et., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES^usiness College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholarship ,
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions ee-
cured for graduates; catalogue. ¦
WANTED— An office boy to work 2 hours daily
in exchange tuition. Ayres' Business College.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shcrthand: reportorial phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $30; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.",
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
elactrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and nljht sessions ; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mintng.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL courpe in Ellis bookkeeplner and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
Clsco Business College, 1236 Market Bt.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting: beginners; business
college graduates; book,keer>ing; figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue,
FRENCH. Spanish, etc Prof. DeF.llppe'sAcademy
of Languages, 320Post:estab'd 1871;able»t profs.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris; violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING in high school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods: successful. 3C40 16th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night clays. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help; send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office— Best
help furn.; domestic pen-ants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Of flee: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning A: employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office—
Best help. 526 O'Farrell "Et. ; tel. Hyde 21W1.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411-A O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Position by American woman as
r.ursp to the sick by day or night or as
working housekeeper. Call 114 Sliver ' St.,
bet. Third tir.d Fourth.
A respectable, neat young woman with child
4 years old wishes position as working house-
I keeper, waiting or chamber work In country.
Address or call 204 Turk St.
WORK wanted by good woman; cooking and
housework; would assist in washing; West-
ern Addition or across the bay preferred.
Call at 69 Natoma st., neqx Second.
RESPECTABLE elderly lady wishes position at
light housework or to care for the nick; good
mother for children; reference. SO Birch ave.,
near Polk st.
WANTED — A situation by a Swedish girl as
cook: has best of references; wages $25 to
$30 per month; city or country- 843 Frank-
lin St., Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants . housework:
best of references: city or country. 843
Franklin st.,- Oakland; phone Red 2433.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a situation in pri-
vate boarding house or hotel: first-class ref-
erences. Call or address 606 Minna st. -
YOUNG nursegirl would like to care for a
child; wages $13: city or country. Address
box 2579. Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes general
housework or upstairs work in A.mcrican
family: wages $20, $23. Call 1714 Octavla.
I NURSE, experienced, would care for invalid
lady cr gentleman; city or country: refer-
ences; $25 a month or. $1 day. Box 2CSS. Call.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes care of In-
fant sick lady and light housework few
hours daily. Apply 1-S3H Clay, near Taylor.
A WOMAN wants to do general housework or
go out by the day. 209 Ivy ave.. near Frank-
lin and Hayes sts.
EXPERIENCED child nurse would like posi-
tion; can sew and mend; references. Apply
1104 Taylor St.. 9 to <¦ . !
COOK wishes place In private family or will
take charge of residence for the summer; 6
years in last place; references. Address MISS
COOK. 22C0 Flllmore at.
SITUATION wanted by good cook; will do
housework; city or country. 172 Minna fit.
LADY pianist wishes to play for home parties!""
Bos 26S7. Call of Hce..
¦ WANTED — By a reliable young woman, posi-
tion to do upstairs work; very best of refer-
ences. Call 2319% Larkln St., corner Filbert.
DRESSMAKING of all kinds and old dresses
made over; done cheap. Apply 260 Harriet
st., eft Harrison.
POSITION as saleslady and fitter: best of ref-
erences; no objection country. Box 2660, Call.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation with 'American
family to do general housework. 1022 Florida.
GOOD seamstress would like permanent place
In private family. Address 1931 Fifteenth st.
EffPLOVMKXT WANTED — FEM ALE. |
DRESSMAKING— A perfect fitter on tailor and
evening suits wants engagements; $1 25 per
day. .44 Taylor st.
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-clas.-, goes
°"_ by the day; can make a suit In one day.
¦ Ia32 l'ollc st. '
nnSPKCTAKLE lady wants work of any kind
by the day. 112 Miles ave.. Alden. Oakland.
WUJpMESTEB House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 6{
we J J conven| ent and respectable: free 'bus
-J— _—^ gage t0 and from ferry. '.
CLASSIFIED 'advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A B v RA^' CfI office Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 10J«
Valencia rt.
KMPLOYMEXT WASTED— MALE."
SCOTCHMAN, middle-aged, can do plain 5 cook-
ing, light housework or light ranch work
(can t milk;, wants employment; wages $15;
has also done come nursing. Box 2691. Call.
FIRST-CLASS coffee house manager wishes
position; best of city references. Box 26S4,
Call oftlce.
COACHMAN, flnst-class. wishes position; thor-
oughly understands his duties; willing to
make himself generally useful. Box 2678, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a flret-clasa painter;
c.ty or country; work very cheap. Box 2393.
Call office.
CARPET^LAYER wants work; no objection to
country. Address J. G.. 610 Polk »t.
ENERGETIC young man wishes position as
collector; city references. Box 2635. Call.
SITUATION wanted— Man as assistant barten-
der. SHERIDAN. 864 Minna 6t. '
STATIONART engineer and machinist, strictly
sober and industrious, capable of making all
repairs, 20 years' experience, wants steady
position; city or country. Address box
;0?8. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a sober and reliable
young man. 27 years of age (Norwegian), In
nn institution or wholesale house; city or
country; wages reasonable; references. Ad-
dreos M. O. S., Winchester Housa, Third st.
MAN and wife wish positions on country place;
man thoroughly experienced In farm work;
wife Is a Rood cook. Inquire Helvetia Hotel,
431 Pine st. i
RELIABLE young man wishes position as man-
ager of or clerk In country grocery and pro-
vision store; Al references. Address box 2C2S, ]
Call office.
RELIABLE wagontnaker wishes position; si-
years' experience; city or-eountry: willing to
take any kind of work. Call or address JOHN
FRUJAK, 31 Minna t.t.
PAINTER, paperhanger and whitener, with
tools, wants employment; no objection to the
country. Box 1632. Call office.
GARDENER, practical, handy with tools; can
run gasoline engine and steam pump; first-
class references. Address Gardener, Call.
WANTED— A position as bookkeeper or correr
spondlng clerk; years of experience. 106
Eleventh st., box 19.
A. GENOSES, 995 Market st., room 0. wants
place as cook, or will care for sick man; ref.
RELIABLE and honest young man with clean
and noble habits desires situation. Box 2171.
Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt.
FEATHER. PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATTTF.R FACTORY. 244 Stevenson St.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET — Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN' & CO..
14 Montgomery Bt.
A SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms, bath. 8334
Twenty-second st., al<ove Valencla-
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, $18. 1939 Mason it.
SACRAMENTO, 13C5— Flat of three rooms: sep-
arate entrance: rent $12 50.
SUNNY flat of 6 rooms; modern Improvements.
Key 83C Halght st
3-ROOM flat; corner McAllister and Polk sts.
Inquire at butcher shop.
4 ELEGANT new sunny flats of 9 and 10 rooms.
F72 to SSO Eddv et.. near Van Nes* ave.
FIRMTURE POK SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In Oak $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE— 8-room modern flat, elegantly
furnished; owner ill and going East. 1048 Ellis.
PARLOR s*t for sale; call Wednesday between
1 and 4. 2426 Howard et.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer — L. Vincent,13C5 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse.. etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2243 New Enterprise Furn. store, 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E. Cody. 737 Mission; tel. Red S3j3.
CHAS. LEVT buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 more waitresses, Los Angeles, $25, free fare:
2 waitresses, commercial hotels, $22 50; 3
waitresses, short distance, $23; 2 waitresses,
Santa Monica, $25 and free fare; 10 wait-
resses, different commercial hotels, $20;
chambermaid, straight work. city. $20; scrub-
ber for store, hours S until 6. Sunday oC, $1
a day; cashier and assist waiting, $8 a week.
,:.. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30; housekeeper, short distance, $20;
second girls, nurse girls, city and country;
house girls at wages from $10 to $30. C. R.
, HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1375
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 waitresses, flrst-chifcs city hotels. $20; 12
waitresses, country, $20 and $22 50; many
fares paid or advanced, $20; 2 chambermaids,
$13 and $18.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, socend girls and house girls, city and
country places, at best wages. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on gingham
overalls. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36>. Fre-
mont Bt. Apply to MR. HINDSHAW.
HAND sewers wanted at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S factory, 32H Kremont at.; good wages.
Apply to MR. DAVIS.
EXPERIENCED operators on pants wanted
by S. N. WOOD & CO. Apply at factory. 27
Geary St.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Girls who understand book folding
or book sewing. Apply THE HICKS-JUDD
COMPANY. 23 First rt.
WANTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for Instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
FINISHER on custom-made coats, at once;
steady work. Call at 631 Sacramento Bt., be-
low Kearny.
A GERMAN girl to watt on invalid lady;
must be good sewer. 2120 Jackson st. ; call i
and 11 a. m. or between 3 and 6 p. m.
YOUNG girl to take care of child 3 years old;
references required; apply Wednesday or
Thursday morning. 1S10 Gough st.
Al FINISHERS on cloaks. M. SIMINOFF,
1228 Market st.
WANTED-Walst improver. 1037 Post st.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 3704 Twenty-
second st.; Castro-st. cars.
A-COMPETKNT typewrltlst; none, but experi-
enced apply; salary $20 mo. Box 26S6, Call.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
2S04 California St., Delore 1 p. m.
WANTED- Clever widow over 28; good man-
ager. Box 21?3, Call office.
YOUNG girl for general housework ; wages
about $20. Call 1231 Guerrero st.
APPRENTICE on couts: wages paid while
learning. H. DAVIS. 119 Russ st.
WANTED— A woman to do family laundry In
exchange for room. Box 2659. Call office.
A YOUNG girl to mind small child. 2777
Twenty-fourth St.
BUTTONHOLE makers on custom shirts. 4S
sEllls «t. .
WAITED — Good girl for cooking and general
housework ; good wages. Call 3C01 Clay st.
SKIRT . hands for dressmaking; also appren-
tices; paid while learning. 121 Poat, room 43.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at C p. m. this evening-.
APPRENTICE wanted. 14 Grant ave.. room
69; paid while learning.
WANTED— A -woman to cook for 'men at a
mine. Box 2634. Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on- bag work. *Ap-
ply HI Clay «t. -
HELP WANTED — FE? r A_-__^£!5___.
W ANTED— A girl for light housework. 1004A
Golden Gat2 ave.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats. 222
Kearny st. . -
PANTS finishers wanted. 253tt Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— A good, first-class waitress at 304
Mason st. : wages $7 a week.
NURSE cirl wanted at 863 Hayes st.
A young woman, light housekeeping; $10 month;
small place; home advantages. Box 2695, Call.
YOUNG or middle-aged woman for light
housework and plain cooking. 417, Hayes st.
BUTTON sewers on shirts wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36'i Fremont St. Apply to
Mr. Henshaw.
BOOK folders and sewers wanted; girls who
understand either feeding or paging. Call at
422 Sacramento at.
GOOD-PAYING ha'rdressing and manicuring
business; done at residences; established 6
years. Address M. A., box 2201, Call, Oakland.
GOOD operators on pants; must know how to
finish; good wages; steady work. 2229t_ Mis-
sion st.
GIRL; housework and plain cooking in small
family. 1444 O'Farrell st.. after 10 a. m.
OERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$15 to $15. 3S99 Twenty-fourth St., bakery.
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework;
no cooking. 130S Buchanan Bt.
NEAT girl to assist with baby. 2520 Green
St., between Scott and Devlsadero. .
SEAMSTRESS to assist In making shirt
waists. I2io Polk St., store.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework. 2360
Geary st.
GIRLS wanted to learn Ironing. St. Nicholas
Laundry, Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
WANTED— Good experienced vestmaker and
apprentice; good pay. 62S Stevenson at.
WANTED — First-class finisher on pants. 104
Kearny Bt., top floor.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice girl to
work en fine coats. 334 Kearny St.. room 9.
WANTED — Good finisher on custom coats; also
apprentices. P27 Market St.. room 623.
OPERATORS on custom coats; light work;
j steady: high wages. 40 Ellis Et., room 32.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring.~E41 Mar-
' ket st.
OPERATORS shirts and overalls; inexperienced
Instructed." Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. EELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operators oti pants; steady
work; good pay. £41 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ,
\ " m HELP WASTED MALE!
AT C. U. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary sL
»... RAILROAD WORK
20 drillers and tunnelmen for the big tunn»l
at Chatsworth Park |2 to IS £0
Free Fare Free Fare
Man and wife, private place, $50; 4 farmers.
Contra Costa Co.. $26 and board; 4 milker-,
$30. $35 and $40; 2 woodchoppers, country hotel,
$35 end board; gardener, country hotel, $25.
.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Barkeeper, city, $30: 5 waiters, restaurant.
South, $11 a week, fare paid; 3 French or
Italian waiters, country restaurant, $50, free
fare; cook, country restaurant, J55; cooks,
$33 to $C0; porter, country hotel, $20; house-
man, country hotel, $20
. Washer and starcher. country laundry. $45
and found: polisher, country hotel, $45: wash-
er, band laundry, $30. C. R, HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY— PHONE MAIN P84S.
Ix-ading Employment and Labor Agents.
White male help of all kinds furnished
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every Employer cf Help.
No syndicate too large, no firm too small for
us to supply. No objection to distance. We
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of help: Phone, telegraph, writs
or call In person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We cave employment
In 1S97 to upward of 17.000 men.
In lf*9S to upward of 19,000 men.
In 1S99 tc upward of 21,000 men.
In 1900 to upward of 35.000 men.
HELP WANTING WORK— Hundreds
Of places awaiting your Sfl^ctton.
COME READ our BULLETIN HOARDS.
_ HURRAY & READY. G34-G3S Clay st.
A-WANTED-
Remember we pay fares both ways and re-
turn office fee ¦where work is not offered you;
no other employment agents give that guar-
antee.
Cook and wife, mining: boarding-house $50
6 single hand miners $2 a day
Janitor for Catholic Institution 525 and fd
Janitor and handy man for school.. ..$30 & fd
Cook for officers In institution $3n
Planing mlllman, country $3 a day
German ranch blacksmith $40 and board
Blacksmith and shoer. country shop. .$2 50 day
Milker for Orejton. fare paid $3">
milker for Sisklyou, fare paid *-T0
Cook for boat $40
And others too numerous to advertise. Call
and see us. W. D. EWER & CO.. €10 Clay.
| AT California Emp. Agency. 59 Third et..
phone Red 31 — Man for all-round ranch work,
$1 per day and board; man for dairy. 15 cows,
$15 first month,-' ?25 secpnd, board and bed,
steady job; short-order cook, lonch counter,
citi\ SI per day; Swedish or German waiter,
hotel, country, $20 and found: waiter who
can cook, country restaurant, $20 and found;
gang of men for woods and mills; 10 men to
make redwood ties, men to make po6ts and
pickets, to cut redwood 4 feet 75c. pine $1 25.
oak $1 M per cord, tools and provisions ad-
vanced.
A-HOTEL. GAZE'CTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Walter, country hotel, $30, half fare.
WANTED — An up-tc-date. .energetic, compe-
tent and reliable tra\elttig salesman to rep-
resent a wholesale liquor house; answer with
particulars regarding experience and terri-
tory covered; must have Al references; per-
manent position to right party: correspond-
ence strictly confidential. Box 2600. Ca.ll office.
WANTED— Boys, age from 16 to IS; of good
family; willing to start moderately and learn
buplnens. Apply at 8 o'clock this (Wednes-
day) evening at NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.,
130 Sutler ft.
WANTED— A single man. sober and of good
h3blts, who understands running milk separa-
tor and is a good cheese maker: board and
room: easy place: state wages. Address San
Juan Creamery. San Benito Co.. Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by sam-
ple to wholesale and retail trade; we are the
largest and only manufacturers In our line
In the world: liberal salary paid. Address
CAN-DEX MFG. CO., Savannah, Ga.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work Inside by the
week: steady work. ROSENBLUM & ABRA-
11AM, 1103 Market st.
CENTRAL Hotel Barber Shop, San Rafael: 2
chairs; good trade for sale; sacrificed; $50;
must be sold this v/eek.
BUSHELMAN. also blouse makers to work on
custom made blouses; also tailors to take
blouses home. 2S22 Greenwich st.
WANTED— Experienced ladies' tailor: per-
manent employment; good pay. M. J. KEL-
LER CO.. Oakland.^
EXPERIENCED bedmaker, $!> per week and
room. Address box 2CS3, Call office.
WANTED— 2 ccatmakers In Kern R. R. sta-
tion. Bakersfleld. '. ¦
ELDERLY man to make beds. Call between
9 and 10 a. m., C14 Gearny st.
COATMAKER wanted at S17 Montgomery ave-
nue. :K.".y--'-i i
COOK for boarding-house. SW. corner Bay
and Webster sts.
GROCERY clerk used to handling horses.
SW. cor. Fifteenth and Railroad aves.
WANTED — First-class shoemaker at 202 Pow-
ell street.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wanted. Apply at 412
O'Farrell St.. I. PENNY.
CHOREMAN for Jefferson Hjtel, Hirbar View.
GOOD barber for Wednesday. Saturday and
Sunday; wages. S72 1 .£ Howard St.
GOOD barb»r wanted: steady. 1073 Market st.,
near Seventh. '
WANTED — Tailor on custom coats at once.
535 California st.. room 8.
BOOTBLACK. 132 Third st.
WAGON blccksmlth helper. 820 Howard st.
WANTED — One bushelman and one coatmaker.
2757 Greenwich St., near Baker.
WAITER wanted, f.13 Clay at.
WANTED— Practical gardener for work In
nursery. 215 Hnyes st.
COOK In restaurant. 22S1 Powell St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER shop for sale. • Lurllne Baths, north-
west corner Bush and Larkln sts.
WANTED— A first-class men's clothing lales-
man; youns man ; preferred. Address box
?B7I r«U nfflce.
HELP WAPfTOD_-M AI ' E ri^*
lal s n a 9 vi h n° K W Two^'ears!
r au'^ade^to^own 0^', with a view
Maine Restaurant. ;
WAVTED-ICO men to uTke rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c Bwton_Houw__M_I I owardjt.
BARUERS— Good paying 2-chalr shop for sale.
200 Powell st. ,
FOR _ale-3-chalr barber shop; bathrooms;
near cityT Eox 2095. Call office.
GOOD barber, stTady Job Apply 723 Fourth
st. San Rafael, tel. Red la.
PANTS and vest niaken w»nt^L Ml "d 203
Montgomery st. and 1110-1112 MarKet.
BARKEEPER. German preferred, as second.
Box 2676. Call office.
WANTED-Press boy. Apply at 632 Commer-
clal st.
COATMAKER on custom coats. 827 Market
at., room 721. ¦
FOR sale cheap-2-chair £c barber shop at J36i_
Howard st. Apply at S04 Seventh st.. city.
2-CHAIR barber shop; Cheap. DECKELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED-^Reliable younp man with 1^0 or
J75 ensh, JSO month and board; no experience
required. Restaurant, 436 Fourth et. /
"WANTED— Tailors on custom coats: high
wages; rteady work. 40 Ellis St.. room o2.
S PRESSMEN and apprentice boys en pajus.
,734 Montgomery st. r.y:' *
BARBERS! Good paying 2-chair shop cheap;
must sell. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to riRht party. Call between S and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st. '-¦' "•
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission bt., bet. 1st and 2d »ts.
BLACKSMITHS for whaling cruise; also car-
penters. at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart Bt.
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— In San Francisco, manufacturing
establishment an experienced matcher hand;
watres 13 per day to suitable man. Box _j56.
Call office.
WANTED— At Mills Collet?*, good gardener of
experience; recomnrnded.
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to J2 per week.
BARBERS all invited to rali and see the latest
Improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters, 723 Market St., first floor up.
McDONALD & PERRY have SCO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up: drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard St.;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
TEAMSTUnS wanted. Apply at 527 Fourteenth
street.
BAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 25 Steuart.
rr.NSIONS-J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: readlng-rooma; frea
'bus and baggage to end from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200FUlmore st.
TlOHSES AXD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcad- Horse Market,
?27 Sixth st. ; auction «ales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYIA:, Auctioneer*.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Oate ave.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
THREE fine second-hand surreys; one 4-ton
express wagon. 4S Eighth st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1143 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express 'racon. single, also light
camping ¦wagon, for sfile cheap. 522 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NICELY furnished hou^e, 9 rooms and bath;
will rent furnished cr unfurnished; reaaon-
nble. 16?S Pert St.
LOST AXD FOOD.
$30 REWARD— Lost, on Monday, March 11, a
diamond solitaire ring. Return to SHREVE
& CO.'S diamond counter, where above re-
ward will be paid.
ARASMO LUCIDO of Black Diamond will pay
a reward of ?40 to any one who will return
to him a salmon net lost In the neighbor-
hood of Rodeo, near Vallejo Junction. Feb. 27.
LOST — Sunday, March 10. diamond bar pin;
suitable reward. Eox 2633, Call office.
LOST — Baby buggy robe on Jackson or Bu-
chanan sts.: suitable reward. 2200 Fillmore.
FOUND — Stray horse; prove property and pay
expenses. IOCS Page st.
¦Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mison.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious atones
bought. ¦ J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market rt.
MATRIMOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
i **" ~«~— ~"~—^~— ~~— ~*~~— ~— *~— ~* —————-—-
MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; ladies only; my reg-
ulator has no equal: all classes of female
complaints relieved by treatment superior to
all others: the only treatment that helps the
unfortunate; the most obstinate cases are
immediately relieved without pain; no other
treatment will do th!s; the most difficult
cases treated: scientific methods guaranteed.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL. 101S Mrkt. opp. ath.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office; patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOMETREAT-
HEXT;a sure cure; gives instant relief; harm-
less; any one can use it; Rtamp for eircular.
DR. POPPER— Newly Improved genuine regu-
lator can only be had at my office; for all
female complaints; beware of imitations: can
be sent; 37 years' experience. 313 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. "VVYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement:
well known; Implicit confidence; reliable.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. ccr. Sixth-
Safe end reliable Indies' np»cia!Ist: prlvat*
home before and during confinement.
MRP. D. ALLEN— Removed to 111J Market St..
b^t. Taylor and Mas->n: ladles' specialist.
MISCKLLAXEOfS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one flcor. ready made:
\we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN 1017. 1019. 102!. 1023 Mission fct..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers water pipe's, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. ¦
WANTED— To buy _econJ-hand r^frlgrerator;
medium size. AdJress E. J. SUMMERS,
Redwood City. Cal. ¦
FOR Sale — One SO-horsepower boiler. 2 drums,
Fulton mine hoist. For particulars address
J PORRICELLA, Angels Camp. Cal.
_! — ¦ •
TYPEWRITERS at any pries to close them
out • different makes: .call early for bargain*.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A— 20- TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 116 California st.
A— 13 AND 23 TI. P. boiler; 8 II. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
V TYPEWRITER for bhorthand work for IS;
cost $25. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
FOR sale— Elegant bar and fixtures; good aa
new; J100. J. F. Schomer^ 24th and Shot well.
Valuable tide and marsh land records. Applv
.IAS \fAPON. Nciarv PuMir ¦ 457. rillf.-irni,"
MISCELLAJECOUS FOR s vTp "
„ __ a-»i,j_-«^ on .
110— NEW HOME MTving machln. «^ -—i _»¦
dltlon. 1571 Market j.r_w' T^ : !y
FOR PALE— A nne talking v\r^T- 1!
line Harrison st.. near Seventh" X^f
TYPEWRITERS. M-h3nf!r~aTr~nIk^ ¦
firures. L. & M. ALEXANDER i* 0 \ T aJ to "
¦ ——_____ • ** v —iOTitg'y
Gasoline or dlstillnte entines. n?w anr' «vTiT" — "
all sizes: fruarantee<l. XEWKLL. 5fiRi,j (5:
FIRST-CLASS second-hand mod-rTT^^^I ~~~
boilers bought an.l sold. KROniTMFo ro
ID-HAND steam, ras. oil. water anT^T" ¦
chinery bought and sold. AVhitc. m irw?"
PHOTOGRAPHIC arA matiMa^r-X-.'
bouRht. sold, exchanged. 103 JSattlfviatrrtt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THF~T7"o~
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramer.M .'•. * { '
MAGIC lant»rr.s. new and ?.l-han<l rnrvuT"rr~
tureit. CULLARD & P.RECK. 131 Pc»t Rt
S> FES— New and <«econd-haml: all IT»t trs
WALTZ SAFE, l^-lll Market st.. y-,n F V,_
MISCELLA\KOrS WAST 1 *! ~
"WANTED— latest mo.lr'i Stearr.s bicycle; _mT
hand. MONTGOMERY & CO.. 7^ M^ r^.r;;* .
TILTON'S new misfit par!o— want3~^,"^7T
ade ladles', gents' cloth. 1J4, Jth; t»l y.A. ZM,
OLD gold and silver and diamonds bnu s >,* : y.
Kearny st.. room 412.
MATTRESSES AXD UP11OLSTERT.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South^"
to order or renovated. . feather «n<? h s -j
steamed: expert carpet cl^arinx: •MetT] r».
liable. HOPKE BROS- 31S-::o El»v^n-h ,..
MUTPtG AM) A.SAYMG.
ATTENTION miners and capttal!st»-The : --.. '
promising (croup of cepper mines In Sou': ¦>--.
Arizona, partially developed, can rv» bor.i-l
for the next 30 davg for JSO.cro: mln«»» win
pay their way from date. Address Own<»r.
Postoffice box 01. On.k!and. Cal.
MIXES AXD ailXIXG.
MINES" bought and «old; also stocks in mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tiltcn. rm?.
475-476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg: l"i-12; 1-3.
MONEY ' TO J^^^
jWJIC"NEY~to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or ynn will losa
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: nn delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market »t.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: 8rst.
second mortgages, in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 1*. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. flALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay get my term3 before doln? business else-
where. R.McCPLGAN'. 14 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obta'n
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prlvato
party no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 5, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
hlgheet price for old gold, silver, dlamonas.
ON furniture, pianos; r.o removal: moner
quick; lowest Interest: easy term*: no broker-
age; reliable party. 117i> Market St.. room 63.
3% on furniture and pianoa: JT5 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 8 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, countrv, 6%. XtoOU
vided lnts.: estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
J1C0 COO TO loan on real ©state or for bullJlnjr;
low rate. Home Eldg. Co.. 222 gansom*. r. 2.
CAPH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THS
TOUSLEY CO., ::i Parrott bulH'.ng.
CASH loaned to salaried pe^pleon note without
indorser. MORRELL. f/3 Kxamlner bulMing.
TO salaried people without collateral cr ln-
rioreer. P. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b'g.
MUSICAL IXSTRU3IEXT8.
ANY person baring us» for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Ciay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest rrices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the b-st
of their jrracl^, from Pt^inway down. Priv-
ilege ii> v en to exchanse medium and lnvr
priced planes for a new Stetawur any tlm»
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprl£fct3 sold for J3 ca^h ar..!
IS per month. \Ve offer to sell «onw nood
pianos' at J3. J4 and *5 per month. SIIKIl-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny end Sutter sts.. Pan Francisco;
corner Urcadway and Thirtsenth at., Oak-
land.
OUR advlre to-day is short and to th» point-
Buy now. Buy from us. Buy a Decker &
Sen If you can afford It. If you cannot, then
buv a Packard. Baumeinter. Smith & Barn<>9
or a Willard piano. We- sell on easy pay-
ments if you do not wsat to pay cash.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 760 Market St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
IS and 20 O'Farrell St.: pianos, orzans and
all other musical Instruments «f all grral<>«
and prices: terms easy; pricea lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleasa and satisfy tha
customer. ,
A STORAGE auction piano sale: 21 fine pianos.
Just i»mov»d from storage room and placed
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17^8 Market st.
j E0 UPRIGHTS, all makes. ITS up; rented an.l
rent allowed: Hallet & Davis agency. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st,
A FEW new pianos for $150; second
hand from 139. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chlckerine and Vose agency.
BEAUTIFUL new piano-. J133 up: rent- and Jl
easy payments. KI.ARE, 2206 Fillmore st.
SMALL uprlsht piano cheap. 115 Valley *!.,
between Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth.
FINE standard upriprht riano. also parlor set;
sacrifice; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
SPECIAL snle of pianos this week; Stelnway.
Knabe and others. IiRUENN. SOS Pust nt.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher uprtsht piano;
nearly new; mu?t be sold. SP1 Jones st.
CLOSING cut stock of eletrant ptanw sen4
for price. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood hMy.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Cos-
j over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
' BARGAIN— Must be solrl; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 1(5 McAllister st.. next Hib. Bar..c.
A NEARLY new grami uprisrht cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HOKNUNG. 21o McAllister.
BYP.ON MAUZY. agency Schrr.er & Co.. Rvron
Mauzy. GablT and Spellman pianos. 3CS Po«t.
AT KEEFTE'S. 933 JIarkct st.. 4 elegant np-
riehts at your own prise. Phonlntrer agfficr.
I SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. I Latham pine.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store — West corner Fourth and Perry
«ts. : occupied as grocery and bar for past .V)
years: rent SCO: wat?r free. Apply to G. II.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
LARGE elegant store; cement basement: 9.>:t
Valencia st.. near 21st.; will make any neces-
sary alterations of front or Interior to suit
irood tenant.
STORE and 2 rooms: rent SS. 1172 Harrison et..
between Seventh and Eighth.
SMALL store, with living rooms. 2*82 Mission
street. . y
~ OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGS.
Country correspondence solicited.
rAIXTEIlS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL pap*r, window shades; rooms papered. J3
up. Jensen & Bath. 3Ca Sixth: open evenlncs.
ROOMS papered from Fl up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 3d st. : tel Red 35J1.
PALMISTRY.
H^JETJOM^^O^^LLiT^clienTinc palmist! 313
Taylor St., bet. Oeary and Post: tel. Black 3fil.
PARTXEIIS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted— J1CC0 cashT~establlThea
eljrar factory; no eTperlence; full value. Call
cr j»d.lres» Ff'HMITvns Pharmacy. 541 Krny.
PATEXTS A>D PE.\SIO."S8.
ADVICE !r»»e: no charge unless succe«sAil
OEO. P. CAMT'HELL. Lawyer. Eximlner biz!
rEUSOXALS.
A— IF your hair is falliig or you are bald cal!
on DR. G. S. MOORE. HSS Geary *i.. and y.v.i
wl!l not be disappointed: this remedy ia posi-
tively guarantied: call or send for circular.
TOUNO man 24 <!esir»3 acquaintance youn-
I ladyj good lookins; of boo<1 character: object
matrimony. Addres3 box 2661. Call office,
VALUABLE Information will be given to all
persons addicted to the use of cigarettes, l'.q-
jvjysr ther *™ z ' by mrs - .
CO.. I3io-i:n2 Stocktn.t >t.. near Broadway!
S?55!_ V%) cl1 5ta".r»a* r a patterns no- readv.Philip H. and Grace A. Flood to Gustave L.
Bretre, lot on W line of Larkln Btreet, 37:6 S
of Turk, S 25 by W 67:6: $10.
Eliza Wolsh to Nora M. Collins, lot on NW
corner of Larkln and Greenwich streets. N 25
by W 105:9; gift. •
Anna Rogers to William Greenwood, lot on
W line of Webster street, 123:4 S of Bush, 8
33:4 by W 1C0; $10.
Kllen Mclnnon to George S. and Mary E.
MacKinnon, lot on W line of Flllmore street,
4S S cf Lombard, S 24 by W 93; gift.
Arrie L. Edwards to OllVe E. Flint, lot on W
line of Devisadero street, 75 S of Hayes, S 23
by W 100:3; ?10.0CO.
Arthur and Kosa C. Jacobs to Leonard Lewl
sohn, all Interest In Western Addition block
CS4, bounded ! by Hayes, Cole, Fell and Clay
ton streets: $100.
Jame3 and Mary Crlchton to Isaac Ellaser.
lot on W line of Cole street, 175 N Tt Fell, N
23 by W 1O3:1V4; $10. »
Louis and Louise Bcutet to Thomas Rychold,
lot on N linn of Sacramento street, 82 W of
\Vah:ut. W 30:6, N 127:SVi. E 29. S 25. E 1-6,
S lC2:fc%: $10.
Wallace and Agnes B. Bradford to Adella T.
Schloss, lot on N line of Clay street, 47:6 W
of Maple, W 30. N 119:10 13-30, SE to point, S
115:9 1-30; 10.
Thomas W. Read to Josephine Head, lot on
N line of Elliott Park, 132 W of Steiner street,
W 22 by N 70 (Hamilton square)- gift.
John C. Dlehl to Rosa M. Diehl, lot on E
line of Hartford street. 205:4 N of Eighteenth,
N 23 by E 123; gift.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Thomas
W. and Christopher C. Rivers, lot on R line
of Sanchez Etreet, 114 N of Clipper, N 25:9 by
E Kl:9; $10.
HIbernia Savings and Loan Society to Eliza
beth Ftch (wife of Joseph W.) f lot on S line
of Valley street, 254:4 E of Sanchez, E 23:8 by
S 114; JCOO. '
James W. Brady to Susan Brady, lot' on W
line of Vincent street, 57:6 N of Green, N 20
by W 58:9; clft. I . -
Giovanni Paganlno to Maria Paganino, un
divided half cf lof on SE corner of Stockton
and Greenwich streets. E 68 by S 29; gift.
Silas W. and Mary J. Lauder to Terence D«r
ham. undivided halt of lot on NW line of Bry
ant Btreet. 273 SW of Seventh, SW 44, NW 90,
NE 4. NW SO, SE 170: $2230. : .
Estate of Jean Lauder (by Silas W. Lauder
and Frances C. Priest, executors) to same, un
divided half of same; $2250. •
Walter S. and Minnie B. Oliver to John P.
Foley. lot oniE line of Iowa street, 200 • S of
Twenty-third (Nevada), S 23 by E 100; $10.
Estate of Edwin L. Hess (by Ward M.
Smith.' administrator) to A. E. -Buckingham,
undivided half of lot on E line of Thirteenth
avenue. 230 N of J street, N 23 by E 120; $100.
Ward M. and : Viola F. Smith to Robert E.
Cnnnell. undivided half of same; $10.
. Robert E. Cannell to A. E. Buckingham, un
divided half of same: $10.
. Andrew . L. : and Arrle L.' Edwards to Ollvn
Tl. Flint, . lot on E line, of Tenth avenue 250
S of M Street. S 25 by E 120; $570.
Charic3 S.'and Emma L.' Brundage to George
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
H. D. Hawks (owner) with Whito Bros, (con
tractors), architect J. 'W. DolUver— All work
except, plumbing, painting and heating for a
Z-stcry and basement residence on lot-com
mencing 56:6 N from NW corner of Larkin an<J
Chestnut streets. N 27, W 137:6, S 27, E 127 to
besrinnirr: $52CO CO.
Sam<« owner with \V. J. Little Company (con
tractors), architect none— Mill work, etc.: for
same en. same; $14CO. '
B. 8. Hays (owner) with William F. Wilson
Company (contractors), architect none—Plumb
ing, gasflttlns; and 6ewerlng for a 3-story, hotel
building on lot on N line of Eddy street. 80 IV
of I^oavenworth. W 31:6 by N 137:6; $2350.
George I* XInderhill (owner) with F. L.. Han
sen (contractor), architect O. A. Dodure— AH
work for ft 2-story and attic frame building on
lot on W line get Devisadero street. 35 N of
Washington. N.T7 by W 100; $4510.
Rnmuel Dusenbery (owner) with F. .T. Fern
hoff (contractor), architects Hemenway &
Miller Excavating, brick, carpenter, tin and
galvanlted Iron work, glass and roofing for a
four-story brick and frame building on lot on
N line ot Geary Street, 62:6 W or Jones, W 23
bv N 87:6; S7685.
"Same owner with J. Looney and F. C. Allen
(contractors), architects same — Plumbing work
fon. same on same; JIIjO.
cWlea Miller (owner) with Fred Miller
(contractor), architect Henry Geilfuss—Ex
cavating, brick, carpenter, mill and stair work,
tinning, roofing, plastering and glazing for a
two-^tory * na basement frame building with
brick foundations on lot on W line of Pierce
street, 113:9 S of Lombard, S 23:9 by W 137:6;
$1718. *
Henry Johe (owner) with H. R. Schmuckert
(contractor), plans by owner— All work for - a
two-story and basement frame building on lot
on W line of-Shrader street, ICO S Beulah,
25 by ljl:8-'$45SO.- .
Caleta Furrer (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architects Mahoney & Ryland—
AH work for a 3-story frame building on lot on
W line of I'-artlett street, SO S of Twenty-third,
S 20 by W 120: $7150. .
Builders' Contracts.
Mabel E. Squire to John Tule, 164.02 acres,
beginning at moft S corner of plat 13. Rancho
V nnd D. Peralta. thence along line dividing
Plata 15 and 16, NE 14.65 chains. NE 5."S
chains to S line of lands of Mountain View
Cemetery, thence XE IS. 4! chains, SE .01
<-!r!iln« SE 1.41 chains. SE 1.19. chains. NS
1.19 chains, NE L15 chains, N'E .92 chains. NW
2.11 chains, NW* .96 chains. NE 22.75 chains to
corner commencing, to plats 2S and S2 above
Rancho, portions of plats 16, 17 and 2S above
Ilancho, with exception. Oakland Township;
also 39.20 acres beginning at a point where the
center line of county road No. 1109 Intersects
SE line of Webster street (now known as Pied
mont avenue), thence NE 11.49 chains, SE 12.81
chains. NE 8.S9 chains, NE 9.90 chains. NE
4 81 chains. SW S.2S chains. SW 14. K» chains.
(i\V 14.4* chains, NW .51 ¦ chains. NW 1.90
chains, NW 3.30 chains.. NW 1.80 chains. NW
130 chains, NW 5.50 chains, NW 12.40 chains
to beginning, portions of plats 14 and 15 and
designated bb plat B on map of partition of
Ulalr Ranch. Oakland Townohtp; $10,000.
Same to Sarah B. Yule, all .'merest In same;
$10. -
Edel and Ida I* Hecht to Robert T. Mac-
Ivor lot on E line of Shattuck avenue, 45 S
of Ward street, E 12S.13. S 42:5, W 129.58, N
22:6 to beginning, being the N half of lot 17.
block D, of southern portion of Blake Estate,
• Hubert' Jii'dfte to R. A. Dasue, lot on S line
of Buena Vista avenue. 92:7% W of Everett
street. W JO by S 100. Alameda; $300.
Robert 1^. and Marpraret Forney to John v .
and Annie Cunha. lot on E line of Hannah
street 3S0 N of B, N 23 by E 133. being subdl-"
vision C of let 4, block 798. Watts Tract, Map
2. Oakland; 4500. .
Margaret C. Delahanty to Mazle O. Cunning
ham (Widow), lot on > SE corner of Adims
street and Euclid avenue, S 40. E 144.40. N
70 20. SW 41.S6. S 10S.55 to beginning, portion
blook 1. on mnp of subdivision 1, Adams prop
erty, Oakland; $2500. .
John' C. and Charity IV Rogers to Horace D.
irwin. lot 1. block F. Brumaglm Tract, Oak
land, subject to deed of trust; $£C0. _
Beverly Y. and Freda Morris to Edward H.
Benlamln. lot on E line of Adeline street. » 3
of Fourteenth. R 40 by E 100. block £73, Board
man's map, Oakland; $10.
Dorothy A. I>arzelere (guardian of the estate
o' Susan Hilton, Incompetent,) to Fred
Schmlel, lots 14 and 15, block 414, map of
Adeline and Market Street Homestead, Oak
land; t\2~>.
Alameda County.
Olive Verkouteren to Frank Murphy, lots U
and 26, block 8, People's Homestad, tract A;
$10. . _ .
Same to same, lot on W line of Eleventh
av«-nUe. 100 S of M street. S 50 by W 120; $900.
Bame to same, lot on W line of Ninth ave
nue, 223 N of O Btreet. N 25 by W 120; $500.
Emllle B. Marshall to William H. and Ce
cilia O'Donnell, outside land block bounded
>? by R street, S by S, E by Korty-slxth ave
nue and W by Forty-seventh (quitclaim deed);
$10.
Ann Twons to Frederic Gamier, lot on SE
line of Prague street. K0 8\i* of Persia ave
nue, SW SO by SE 100, blofk 94, Excelsior
Homestead: also lot 151, Spring Valley Home
stead; $10.
H. Maklnson, lot on E line of Ninth avenue,
2T5 S of K street. E 100, S S9:l M2, W.100, N
S3; 110.
Georgfi H. and Mary A. Maklnsoa to Sunset
Congregational Church, same; $10.
Andrew L. and Arrle L. Edwards to Olive
E. Flint, lot on ¦ SE corner of L street and
Thirteenth avenue, S 100 by E 32:6: $700.
Same to Same, lot on W line of Tenth ave
nup, 400 S of M street. S 23 .by W 120; $500.
VICTORIA. B. C, March 12.— The bark
Prince Victor, which left Vancouver on
Thursday with a cargo of lumber, was
caught in a tremendous storm off Cape
Flattery and returned to port to-night
with reven feet of water below decks.
She is not much damaged,, and none of the
cargo was lost.
— » .
Caught in a Storm.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 12.— Miss
Nancy Pearl Plummer of Kansas City and
G, R. Bwinehart, a pioneer newspaper ed-
Jtrr of the Klondike country; were united
in marriage here to-day. ' Mr. and Mrs.
Swinehart will spend their honeymoon In
Southeast Alaska, the couple making their
home finally at Seattle.
Newspaper Man Married
SANTA ROSA. March 12.— Mrs. Rose
Carico, who arrived here from St. Augus
tine. 111., a few days ago and at once
brought suit against her husband. Dr.
J. W. Carico of Cloverdale, for alimony,
etc., to "be paid during the progress of a
suit for divorce which she announced
soon would be commenced, started for
home tft-day. It Is understood the case
has been adjusted out of court. Yester
day Judge Burnett of the Superior Court
made an order granting her alimony of
$50 a month and $73 cash and attorney
fees.
The couple met in court to-day for the
first time in five years, but neither gave
any sign of recognition. The case has
caused much comment in Cloverdale,
where Dr. Carico has been practicing for
some time and was supposed to be an
unmarried man. In her complaint Mr5.
Carioo alleged that her husband deserted
her, but he maintained that she left him.
SETTLED OUT OF COURT.
Wife of Cloverdale Physician will
Not Sue for Divorcs.
Judge Torrancs of San Diego Orders
the Release of Mrs.
Ramon.
SAN DIEGO, March 12.— Judge Tor
rance, by a decision to-day in the matter
of the habeas corpus petition of Eliza
beth Ramon, overrules the Supreme Court
as to the effect of a failure on the part of
a defendant in a misdemeanor case to
waive a trial by jury would have on what
ever judgment the court might render
upon conviction. • '
In the case of Fife the Supreme Court
has held that the failure of the trial court
to give the defendant the opportunity to
demand or walve*a Jury trial amounted
to nothing more than an. error which
would form a basis for a motion for a
new trial and for an appeal.
Judge forrance holds that such a fail
ure on .the part of the Justice invalidates
the Judgment, and, despite the decision
of the Supreme Court, he ordered the re
lease of Mrs. Ramon on the writ. She
had been sentenced to serve six months
on the charge of battery committed en
another woman.
OVERRULES THE SUPREME
COURT OF THE STATE
RAN JOSE, March 12.— A discovery of
natural gas and oil, which, it Is believed,
will lead to developing these resources In
this valley," was made at the ranch of O.
P. Mills, on the San Felipe road, about
one and One-half miles easterly from Ev
ergreen. Two deep wells are being sunk
by the county for road purposes. At 10:30
this morning a fiepth of 300 feet had been
reached. A pit had been dug fifty-seven
feet and the men were at work in the
bottom of this. The sand pump brought
to the surface water deeply laden with oil
and a flow of natural gas set in. The
drill was sent down again and a light
colored clay and shale was penetrated
six feet, when the flow of gas became so
strong the men at work In the pit had
great difficulty in escaping without being
asphyxiated.
The bottom and sides of the pit were
soon thickly covered with oil. and the
How of gas increased, accompanied with a
gurgling and roaring sound. Ropes pow
ered were saturated with oil and burned
like a torch when lighted. Work had to
be suspended.
Oil experts have been sent for. These
oil indications are the best yet discov
ered in this valley, and It Is believed It
.will lead to a discovery of rich oil wella.
While boring a well on the place of Mrs.
J. Fleming, in the eastern foothills, about
six miles from this city, oil was struck at
a depth of 103 feet to-day. The Indications
are in the nature of a seepage and It is
believed that oil may be found deeper.
Considerable excitement was caused in the
vicinity by the find. The place is near
Alum Rock Park, where natural. gas and
strong indications of oil were recently dis
covered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hopes Lowered Into a Pit Rstum
Saturated With Oil and Burn
Like Torches When
Lighted.
Workmen Digging Wells for
the County Encounter
Natural Gas.
OIL IS STRUCK
NEAR SAN JOSE
T-he arresting officers declare that be
causo of the frequent complaints thay
were Compelled to take the action they
did. The practice of expectorating on the
sidewalk, especially during the early even
ing, they say, has assumed such propor
tions that It has become obnoxious.
The prisoners gave the following names
and occupations: Fred Shaw, teamster;
John Behr, printer; Thomas Earl, dish
washer; "W. T. Tierney. miner; C. John
son, cook, and H. Warnke. seaman.
Friends of Warnke called at the prison
later in the evening and secured his re
lease on' a nominal bond.
The offenders were taken to tlie South
ern station and charged with misde
meanor.
Complaints have been frequently made
to patrolmen along the south side of Mar
ket street by storekeepers and others of
knots of men who gather in the doorways
of 'stores, after closing hours, and for
hours punctuate the Important remarks of
the general discussion with the expectora
tion of tobacco juice.
Last nUrht Officers Beach, Driscoll artl
Cooney, after passin? alone their beats
and warning the members of the usual
gatherings to desist, made the rounfls
again and succeeded In gathering In the
six men.
Siv men whose ages range from 22 to 43
years will .have to answer in the police
courts this morning for the violation of
a city ordinance which Millionaire Brad
bury spent his time and money freely In
a vain endeavor to have declared invalid.
Owing to Complaint of Storekeepers
the Police Again Enforce Or
dinance and Gather in
Citizens.
EXPECTORATORS
ARE ARRESTED
Six Imitators of Millionaire
• Bradbury Taken Into
Custody.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13, 1901.
11
&AXLV7AY TRAV2_
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot."
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally- Daily. Datly.-
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:?o p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•' Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:2J p 3:27 p 7:08 a
"Vlsalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld «:50 p .5:J0 p 7:S0 a
" Kan. Cty 2:4t a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:CO p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and ntnlng
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first clasa passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Js Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Kxpress. with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining: Chair Car. also Palace
Bleeper. which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at S:55 p. rn. dally.
7:20 a. in. Is UakerEfletd Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaqutn Valley. Corre-
Bpondlnsr train. arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— G41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; HIS Broadway. Oak-
land.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Scosalit* Ferry.
Commencing September 30. lVX>.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
• "WEEK DAYS— «:iS. *3:13. 11:W> a. m., M:45.
3:15, 4:00. 5:15. »6:15, 6:40 p.m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days Bt 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'S^O. •10:00. *ll:30 a. m., »1:1^
8:15, *4:I5. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. . -
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *6:20. 7:45. 3:30 a. m.
•12:30. 1:43. *S:3»), 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays nt 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:»,- •8:00. . »10:0rt "11:45 a.m..
•1:40. •J:15, 4:45, »6:S0 p.m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ WEEK DAYS— 5:45. «:45.. 7:55. 9:30 a.m..
12:85. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 8:05.. 10?05 a. jn.. 12:05, 2:15. 3:30,
5:00. 6:45 p. m: ¦ t > -- -, -
; . . THROUGH TRAINS.
. 6:£5- a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
statlcns. ¦-'-.-'
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
'stations. . . ¦ ¦¦ 4 ¦-' ¦ ._¦«
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tcmales and way
stations.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. nml I'nfnrn.
nOOHS . TO LET.
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nlFhcd, unfurniFhed. with or without bcarfl.
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. "2 Kearny St.. tel. 233J Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL; 3^1 <5rant dr0— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; Iarge # i-oonn; modern conveniences;
rooms OCc up': first-class meals 2',c: free coach.
ANTONIO. 14. bet. Ellts and O'Farrell, off
Jores — 4 sunny rooms; large yard and celler.
BCRNETT. 1426 Market fold No. ft«i)-Fur-
ni?he«i rms., suites, BinRle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 323>i— Double rooms, .week. $150 to |3;
Bingle, |1 to Jl DO; night. 25c to $1.
CALIFORNIA. 1423^— Unfurnished front and
back parlor, v.-ith cas and bath.
CLAY. C4J1. near Flllniore— 2 larRff unfurnislie<l
upper rooms; nice conveniences; rear; rent %"!•
51 WEEK; larpe, sunny fumirhed room, closet,
bath; private; call by 8 p. m. 834 Folsom.
GUERRERO. 11j4. nsar Twenty-fourth— Fur-
nifhed Funny, front room and kitchen, $12.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
an-J Mission sts.—Sunny rooms, en HUits or
¦Ingle; ladles' parlor; rearllng-room: elevator.
LAGUNA. 1129. near Eddy— Sunny furnished
ond unfurnished rooms; liRht .housekeeping if
fo desired; hot and cold runnlnR water.
MARIPOSA. TlC9 Mission— Newly furnished
tunny rooms, single and suite?, from $1 mo.
MINNA. 667, corner Klghth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; tl per week; transient.'
NEW ARLINGTON, lola Market St.— Nicely
furn!yhe<1 rooms. $2 a week up: Sac a day up.
O'FARRKLL. 2i>-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator': elec. lights; day, .wk., mo.
O'FARUELL. 742— Nicely furnished parlor, en
suite or .single; gas. bath, phbne; $10 to $24.
POWKLL. C17— Nicely furnished "sunny suite;
r.o children.
P.OTA L House, 126 Kllis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; room*, per nlsht, 33c to fl EO; werk. %2 to
%%; month. $.S to $30; elevator en ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROPF.DAI.E House. 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
nlsht. 25c to $1; week. $1 2." to $4; open night.
j SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth " st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. . .
SUTTER. S20»4— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: single rooms. $R; sultps. $12 to $25 mo.
j TAYLOR. 106 — Sunny rooms en suite and sln-
| gle; J3 month; 25c per night. > • >^
THE BERLIN. 23S Kearny-Elegant suites;
single rooms: running water: transient. - .
VALLEJO. 1232. near Hyde-^Sulte sunny rooms,
with use of kitchen; coal and gas; $12; un-
furnlsheil.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Orace
Church, with ann*x S07 California stT, ' may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
¦ 1
WANTED— A few select boarders for the sum-
mer, with references. Address box 54, Lark-
spur, Marln County.
ELLIS. 573— Beautifully furnished single 'ooma
and suites, with board: central location; reas.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st. . ....
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$15".00O TO loan on 1st mortgages; will loan on
81 per cent; easy payments; mutual plan.
Apply M. J., box 1476, Call office. • *
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made.;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st- rooms 9-10; tel. 55SP.
SHOW CAHDS AXD POSTEIIS.
1 j SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DEP-
) MOND. 1170 Market, r. 1O. phone Folsnm I'.SV
j» SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SITPMES.
" ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
1 teed. Charles Plambeck. 1H1J Mission, nr. 15th.
1 ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
l paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 143 6th: phone Mint t.
I STORAGE AXD AVAllElim'SRS.
1 PIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co., '
office. Pest and Powell Bts.: tel. Main S713. j
PACIFIC Storage nnd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2310 Fillmcr* st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. M0 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ; j
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
Tmr^SKS." '-A^,.......
1 MANUFA'R: elastic stoeklnps, shoulder braces.
supporters, made, repaired. Menyg. 503 Kearny.
1 TYPEAVniTF.RS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREATBARQAINS Tn TYPEWRITERS— W\> j
sell better mcahlnes for less money than any 1
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter ]
Exchange. 538 California: telephone Main 266. j
ASSESSMENT NOTICES. j
• OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY— Location |
' • of principal place of business, city and ccun- t
ty of San Francisco, Slate of California. i
'¦ Notice Ia hereby given that at a meeting of
tlife bottrd of directors of said company, held
on the 15th day of February. 1901. an assess-
i ment of ten dollars ($10) per share wns levied
upon the capital stock of the corporation, pay-
' able Immediately to the secretary at the ofilce
of Fald corporation. No. 827 Market St.. in the
city and county of Pan Francisco, State of
" California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall j
- remain unpaid on the 2Sd day of March, 1901.
- will be delinquent ami advertised for Sale nt |
• public auction, and unless payment \f made •
before will be sold on Thursday, the 11th clay !
of April, 1901, to pay I the delinquent nssess-
! ment, together with costs of Wvertislnjf nnd
expenses of sale. By onler of tho board of di-
- rectors. E. II. SHELDON.
Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company. '
Office Of secretary. 327 Market St.. In tha city
; and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia.
t DIA'IDEM) NOTICES.
= DIVIDEND Notice^DlVldendNo J9~(twenty-
five cents per share) of th« Kilanea Sugar
Plantation Company will b*. payable at the
. office of th?' company. 327 Market St.. on and
after Fridsy. March 15. 1901. Transfer hocks
! will eloi-e Saturday,- March ». 1901. nt 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
: ' LEGAL ADVERTISEMEXTS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
1 cf Ban Francisco. State of California— m the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
pora tlon, upon Us application for a Judgment
' of dissolution. Notice.— No. 7B.357. Dept. 10.
Kotlce Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtufe of the laws of tho
Btat© of California, and having its offlco and
place of burners in the city and county of
Ban FrandFco, Ktate of California, has filed
Its application, duly verified and elgn*rl by a
majority of its board of directors, a-ldressetl
i. to th» Superior Court of tha city and county
tf San Franfclsco, State of California, pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday. March 25th.
' 1SC1. at 10 o'clock a. m., at th« courtroom of
• «aid court. Department No. 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of Ban Fran-
f cleco, bare been appointed as the day, time
and place for the hearing of. said application.
In witness whereof I n.ivo hereunto set my
1 hand «nd ftfflxc-d the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February, 1901.
[Seal] WM. A. DEANK. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
: dotted.) Filed Feb. 20. 1901. WM. A. DEANK
C1»rk. by E. M. THOMPSON, rx-pmr Clerk*
1 PROPOSALS.
I PROPOSALS for constructing one protected
cruiser will be received at the Navy Depart-
ment until 12 o'clock, noon, on Thursday,
• April 4,, 1901. when they will be publicly
opened, the vessel to be built in accordance
', with the department's circular of September
20. 1900. defining the chief characteristics of
said vessel and the specifications therefor
f heretofore approved, with modifications, par-
ticulars concerning which and other informa-
• tlon may be obtained from the bureaus.
Forms of proposal and contract will be fur-
nished bv the department. JOHN D. LONG,
¦ Secretary of the Navy. 3-6-01. - . ,
. TREASURY Department, office of Supervising
Architect, Washington. ¦ D. C, February 23,
9 1901.— Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the Cth day of
I 1 April. 1901, and then opened, for the conitruc-
tlon (except heating apparatus, electric wiring
and conduits) of the United States Postofflce
.. at Oakland. Cal.; In accordance with draw-
l ings and specifications, copies of which may
be had at this office or at the office of the
Postmaster at Oakland. Cal.. at the discretion
of the Suprrvlsinsf 'Architect.
1 JAMES KNOX TAYLOR.
6 Supervising Architect.
. PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
March 26, 1901, and publicly opened lnimedl-
. ntcly thereafter, to furnish ot the Navy Yard,
Mare Island, Cal., a quantity cf machine
t tools, air compressors, boilers and pumps.
Blank proposals will be furnished upon np-
: plication to the Bureau or. to the Navy Pay
• Office, San Francis.; j, Cal. A. S. KENNY,
J Paymaster General. V. S. NT. 2-25-01
P&HSOXJ— S — < on<iniic«l.
ELECTRIC Ufrht In c-\cry room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Thud «=t.. r»-ar Market: 700 rooms;
;'c to fl M p pr nisht: II to j:. per wetk;
fr<^e 'bu» «nii ba.TKaK'- to and Irom the «erty.
A-JJ CS DKRBT »:id l*-<lc -a hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Prtpe HaiiTs. 3J0 K.-arny Ft., near Pine.
FIXK caitM. PC; J'WJ pants. J2 75. MI SKIT
OLOTHJ^X'? /'Alisons. 437 Montyj^iery ct.
Jl IVEEKL.V: suits to order frcm penulne
Bootdi. J1S f. n : fine •ireaj- suits. '£0 up; ele-
fraru ovpvccat?. fli u-.«. I.EON' LKMOS. 1117
Market ft., liotnppn heventh and Eighth.
SCII'M'I- t.i learn hair<lr<*«!RK. hair vork. man-
io-jrinp: private lessors, cr class. "MISS A V
POTLEi 1704 M^»rket.J«>t. I» O !k an-1 Van Ness.
PRIVATE OTective work; reasonable ratps; 10
years' oxppripncp. J. IS. HAY. :i7 Jessie st.
JAT.:i:s' I«-tPct(ve r.;n«B, 127 Uomgoraory st..
r.)^m "1 : phone. UusJi ;s>; chas-n r*-asr>nable.
AfTIIMA; nre cure. JIBS. fc\ M. LZE. Falr-
oaks. Cal.: route X«i 1.
MAS-QITJUDE oo«:t-it«^«. play lvK-.k5>. h-Ire;
«aumiU|f orders. GOLPFTE1N t: CO.. 733 Mkt.
GCiQH home oppn for healthy bT.' or girl baby!
Mrs. Dr. Turhe. H15 Eiphth Alameda.
E4JWCHKUDOCB hair ann moles destroyed with
ple<-;ric npeaie. MIPS EATO9C 1113 Satter »t.
DR. LAMOTTK'S Fr.-noh Corn Paint, the best
corn euro: tic; nil dnicRists.
ALFREDfMS lStrypt»ar< Tlonna; restores pray
hair tn its Bmul <•¦ !<>t : Jl: at a.11 druKR-tsts.
PHYSICIANS AXU 5URGB05S.
IDR. C. C. O r DOXXnLIr-Orfice and residence"
ItTlVa Market *=t_. »x?tween Sixth and Seventh!
VR. WONG HIM! licrb doctor, successfully
treats nil <Jis«a.-es of the human body see
tpf-tlmni-ialy nt offi^p. I1.'-I17 Mawrn. nr. Ellts.
HEAL ESTATE—CITV—FUIt SALE.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C2S MARKET ST.
ErECULATORS, ATTENTIONS
ENTIRE WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK
AT ONE-1IALK VALUE.
AdJoinSny property Bold last xrefk for dou-
t-Ie our asking price. 275x112 :« feet. Thtrt}--
etgtt Wrstern Addition lots; level and ready
tor building; 2 car lines. One-quarter carh.
balance at 5 r*r cent; fronting on Laguna st.
6OCTII OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
140.00*— Northwest corner on one of the best
business streets, 100x13 feet: Improve-
ments, 4 Ftores. flat, 4 large houses;
rents 1X0 monthly.
SNAP.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLAT8.
$8,500—2 beautiful modern flats, 7 and S rooms
and bath; round bay-windows; fres-
coed walls, elegant woodwork; on one
of best streets in Western Addition;
rents fS€O r>er annum; cars r a£S -
SNAP IX TUB MISSION.
tS,590 — Northeast corner on Twenty-first et.,
near Mission; 3 fine bay-windowed
houses cf 6 rooms and bath; always
rented for tfSiO per annum: make offer.
PARK FANHANDLERESIDENCE.
MUST BE SOLD.
$5,000— Larpe elepar.t residence cf 9 rooms and
bath: one block firm Panhandle; ce-
ment sidewalk?: ftreet biturnlnized;
cars pas-t; can arrange terms.
CHEAPEST PROPERTY SOUTH OF MAR-
KET ST.
$5,000— Must be told to satisfy mortgage; 3
tlepant bay-window fiats; aimost new;
always rented r.'S per month; Minna et.
price %:xm- rents $e:t.
EVERY FLAT RENTED.
S5.0G9— € flats of 4 rooms; first-class condi-
tion; brick foundation; improvements
cost more than price asked.
BEAUTIFUL HOME.
$3,000— Pretty Wet-tern Addition home of 7
rooms and bath; porcolain tubs; tiled
mantels; elegantly decorated walls;
brick foundation; bitumen street.
EAhTON, ELDUIDGB &CO.,
C38 Market St.
AirCTION.
Auction.
Auction.
Auction.
Auction.
TUESDAY. MARCH 1STII. 1303.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom, 62S Market st.
CALIFORXIA-ST. RESIDENCE LOT.
North line California «t., DO feet west of
Gouph. G0x£S7:t feet. In subdi\-lsions; 2 ele-
F3iit residence lots oa Funny Fide California
*t.: Furroundrd by elegant residences: magni-
ficent view cf city: the only unimproved prop-
erty fcr sale in this section cf the city.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
North line Vallejo st.. 110 f*et -west of Bi-
ker; 100x137:8 feet, in eubdivisionE: these ele-
gant lots have an unobstructed view of the
• ioKen Gate, etc.; Etreet work done, sewered,
<:c; easy terms.
ET-LIS-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 1211 Ellis Bt.. near Octavla; front house,
t rooms and bath; rear flat and stable; rents
£3; doucle frontare; lot 2S:5xl20 feet.
MISSION-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. ¦
V.eFt eiie Mission et.. 99 feet north of Four- 1
te«T.th: east Bide Woodward ave., 99 feet north ',
Fourteenth et. ; 4 choice business sites Trontlngr j
on Mission st. and 4 elegant residence Bites on {
Woodward ave., within a few feet of two
transfer points; Mission Bt. lots KxlOO. Wood-
ward ave. lota L~x~ ; feet.
MISSION' WARM BELT FLATS.
Nos. 3C74-76-78 Nineteenth St., near Guer-
rero; 3 fine well built fiats of 5. 5. 6 rooms and
hath; always rented at *i3; lot SxlOO feet.
EAP.E INVESTMENT— EAST OF LARKIN ST.
Nos. 1-2-S-4-5-6-7-8 Cohen place, near Elli*
tt. ; 8 f.ats cf 4 and T. rooms and bath; rented
very low et 5131 per month; lot 81x56 feet.
POAVELL-ST. CORNER.
Southeast corner Pacific and Powell sts. ;
S-«ory and basement building; liquor etor«
and basement, ehoemaker's shop, barber shop,
lodging house; II rooms; total rent f:CO per
tTioath; 3 frontage*.
KAIGHT-ET. RESIDENCE.
No. MS Haight Et., near Laguna; large ele-
pant residence, 11 rooms and bath; servants'
room, laundry, etc.; stable; driveway; fine
view front and re-ar; lot 4&xlS7:6 feet; |7003
can remain.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest corner Bryant .and Zoe sts.; 2
Ftores end 2 flats cf 3 rooms on Bryant st. ;
2 flats of 4 and £ rooms and bath: total rents
$66; J4900; bank mortgage can remain; 20xS0.
LAHKIN-ST. CORNER LOT.
Southwest corner Larkin and Greenwich
rt*.: «:9xS9 feet; fine corner lot; unobstructed
tnarine view.
POINT LOGOS AVE. INVESTMENT.
No. til Point Lobos ave., near Parker ave.;
2 stor« end 8 room*: rents US; 50x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
628 Market Ft.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
App'.y A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market et.
s::59— O' Farrell Et.; large lot; 3 cottages; rents
540: sl sr.aj\
fZZ^fj— Two flats. 5 rooms each; rent $33; within
cne block of Market et.
ttSOO — Sacramento Bt.. e&ct of Powell; rents
t2S; one tenant 10 year*.
J^00— Corner. 40x80, with pood 10-room house;
Hvde «t.
f7^00— Elegant new flats, east of Van Npm
eve.; rent« m.
JTtOO— Jtl Castro st.. corner Sixteenth; fine 10-
roora residence; Hejjant appointment* through*
cut; Rrand view: lot 30x100.
tl£<W— McAllister et.; rents JS3; treat bargain;
xr.uri. sell.
$*0C0 — Three K-room modern flats; rented low.
|?S; near Leavenwortb. et.
fSKO— Bu-'lnets i-roperty; Ninth St., near Mls-
ricn: rents $«j. •
fJl.*0O— Stcre end two etrictly modern flats of
J and 9 rooms; north of Market et.
J12.C00— Leavenworth st.; rent* J1C5; lot 53-foot
frr.nt.
I14.C0O— Grand investment of 4 brand-new
fats: rented for ?12O: near Van Ness and Golden
Gate me». . larre lot.
J21.000 — Eight srrand flats. S and 6 rooms; near
Jr,r»-s et.; lot 75x127: pays 10 per cent.
jtS.pfO— RusJrsess prcperty cf 4 ctores and 8
Uais« : rents flM-
f3S CC«— MIssion-et. corner. 170x160; actually
worth E3. TOO; rcuFt sell at once.
J40.(jO<t— Corner. Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
rent* J210.
W.OfKV-Grand corner: GO-foot front; few block*
from Orprteum: pays « per cent net.
nS-WX 1 — Grand corner; 60-foot front; within a
block ot Tivoll: old Improvements; rent* $400.
Other barg-ains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. CC7 Market et,
1 3500— CHEAPEST horn* In the cl'y; «o effect
quirk ealf-: 4 roomR and etable; well of watrr
produces J0O0 gallons per d.iy; etreet accept-
*<3 by city; ccmont fidevraik: plank side en-
trance: part cash. Call immediately on H.
\V. r»AVIS. 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
jl(if,_2 IjOTP. I'.x'/S' each; 2 blocks from elec-
tric cars: 4 blocks from Ocean View, on north
ride Of Lobos Ft., 700 feet east of Plymouth ;
r^ady to build on; only 5c carfare; worth J400
<-ach. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
jjTjO-FTORE and flat, comer 1'olnt Ix>bos ave.
and Wood et.; rented to steady tenants at
$31; KxlSi. W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Mont-
gomery Et.
EVERY om- com*-? to me who has lot* to sell
north of the Park: quick sales made. W. J.
GITNN. IV> Calif'jrnla et., between Mont-
iromfry and Krarny.
FOR «!-.•¦ best lccat«i irne In Richmond and the
cheated call on V,'. 3. Uupn, i30 California.
A good carpet Is a good investment
— it adds comfort to your room and
coziness to your home.
For f i years we have made a busi-
ness of selling carpets of unusual
beauty, pattern and design — an ex-
dusive line of carpets that are better,
more durable, more stylish and at no
higher prices than other stores ask
Always welcome to come in and see
our goods.
215-217 Sutter Street — above Kearny.
Koi:Tur.i:.i r,»4i»if (obpant.
|r*ciri<T ursTKM.t
Trnlna lf«i* nn<l »r«> tlw* «•• nrrli* >»»
(•AM ritAN«ri.M«'O.
(Main Ll»e. Foot of Market Street.)
tSA»s — Fp.nu M»sra L 1301. *• akriti
7 :::;»* P.piiioU, Su!cni>, r.Iaiir*. VacatUte,
Knmmy »ml .¦s«rr»nieiitn :... 7iAOp
::3i>Al)»rU, <ti»»i:*:ul. Klilijlits I.»:i.'.i:rj.
jMarjstllic. 4)rf>»i;lfr. 7»30p
7»a«»* Ailv.tir r.ipr.-'-n-Og.k'M tml Kut lfeSW
M:O<» a Marti!:*/, San I: union, V.i!!<\>», N*i a,
I'alMr. Ri *i»l N.m!:i l!'i«.... fliSOr
. AiOOA Kll*». LJrctmore. tt cy. Lathrcn
StccVton t... 7s3«r
9i30* Shwu Kiprrss— DftTis, Williams {.'ur
Eftrtlett Sirir.fa). Willows, lisd
Eiuif. Vohtaiul 7s30p
• >8Oa S*ti .ii.sn, l.lterinore. Mtockton,
lone, bacraiiiriitih' ria<r;-FtiUa,
Mnijnrill.-. »:iiic!i. Ue>T ItlittT 4:2Or
Hi3tt* OafciUi.-, Chin's--, honor*. Carter*. .. 4:SOp
!»:<>»« lUywanlii. N.lm •nil Way Hutioi.s. 1 1 :5«%
UtOOA L(S Ali£e!c3 Kl,ri"i — Mur-tnex.
Tricy, La!i>rn;>. ntiM>litr>ii, Urro-ti
I'ri-dt.n «n.l !..'•, Ar.go'fi 7>St>r
«»::io\ Vall-l". MarttMSAiM iv«i Muitan »t.i«r
IO:»»» Tb«U«crln:<) IJ nlted-Osdon. l>cn-
Tcr, Uiinha. Chtca«» Cj50p
1I:OOa Ti'Uri, ttatUtm, >ucT*rr.i-nli>, Mctw
itota, Frtftnu. Ilanfi>«!, VImIIi.
IVrtdTilio 4:3Op
1 t :OOa L'.iT.ii'irp. Rarj'r. CSnfhen J mo-
Ui>d. lt.kw.ii-.'l. I <>» Augelea
fl:«M»r Sanranirii'it Kitcr S'mu.or* f3:0O*
3:OUr 1 Uy.rar.'m. Nil. ¦ *u.l U»y HUtiuua. .1:50?
1 !ii in- M:n ii.irr, Sim lUawm, Vailvjo,
Nnjvi. l'»Ii-.>.<i|t;i.. Sa»U 15'iwi B:3O»
4iliiiri:-'mK Winters, Hact»in«i>lo,
\Vi»«i:«!i:1. KnivliU Jjui<iin(.
M»rr«»!'.lf. Orolllki ••;¦'•»
•ItSrtr n«rw.«nl». NConaml HanJiiHO t* ¦"*•*
S:OOr NUa. Llr«-m.<re. Rm'-htnn. Lo.ll .. »0:3<>a
5."i:OI»r Mrifrt liuteJ. . El Pascv IL»
Url<r%rt» ar.il Kiut elO:St>*
3:OOrT)iu n,vl l.lip.ltr.1- Tracy. Firsno.
JUk. r»ti-|.l. Sjhis-i* I.T S.in'a ;;nr-
l>-;r;». l.-n AnSi'ieM IO:2«*
3:0i»r Ke* Orl-anr iltpre.w-Haliemr.clil.
NitnU lUrlur*. I.(.s AnH'-l.-«. I" !'••
Inif. I't I'uo. Now UtHsM *">!
Kurt 7.»»«
«:«l«p !!i»yw:inl.<, Ni!bii»ii.1 S»k .luUtf 7il»O»
fOlCHII- V.iiir-;.. 1 ll»»4
MiOOrOneiiUl lUll-Oglen, Clteieiina.
Omaha, Cli!oi«-> 12:S»p
(liOftr Orioi.lal Matl-Ogrfen, Denver,
OmafSa. Chlcuro 4»a»p
•:O(lrHriv.ii4ml ( »:!f, -..!i l;r,.fi-r».Sjc-
Niiiiiulii. UntmlU*! l:.-.i.ll..(r.
|-i.itl»i,.l, l*Uf«j HmiuhI Hil-t l;i«l ¦:"»»»»
HiOSpga^ r<li'o. r»rt Cunta, Mirtiiez
a»ill\'ai .Slatlm* ir»«%
»«»n.">p v«ii.-| *i.T»p
rOVSi DIVISION (N.irra» (¦•¦;r).
(r.w.ti.t »-.rkft Srre»».>
8:14 A NOTt:irk.t'-l:trllllii'.^»tJ.liW«, K.-;t;>li,
!'..n:,: t .rCr..-K.Si..iiCni»»i..l \V«|
HUtlnna -„...... «ia»»
t'4:l 5r X.-w irk. Cei.tertlllf. Situ .Inan, RM
Ahnximi. Fulton.- r.«ui.W 4 !«*>»¦.
Santa rrux an.l I'rliKlMU W*»
Ht»t»aii« .T. |I»».1»4
4tt\r Newark. S»n Job-. t.n» (l.t>n». ...... 8:-^»4
a0:30p Ilumcri' Kx-mriloa, San ,Ic«9 »n«J
W. ? st»t- n n 8 :.. t*^«»f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
'rim sir. rniitcisca-ra 1 . «r «u^t v.u*\ .s;uji-
t7:lS 9:0U U.CU-.M. ]J3 303 S:15>>.m.
.'rtmlUIUNB-'Mi •¦amUi».-f M'O {d.«0 f3:0«
10:U0».M. 12 C3 g:I3 iZZr.X.
COAST IUTIMON lOmailCscf*).
(•|hlr.|..M<Tf»Yi t .'fii»l.st<)
I ll> In 4 dc«4ii Vi««r. riour.li nan Ki»ufMC».. |«::H»P
;:()»< .San .},>¦>•• a'..) '.v.iy Mt»li..nn (No*
Almn.U-ti \V,-.( 1i o-iiI..i-..iiI>-) IsSOr
W.OOa Mtn Jim-. Ttm IMnon. Hki.i* frna.
Vmril\". llrore. l'»)li. ItlMrH. Hum
l.itU Ol.iK(n>, Siirf, tflnippa .in. I
lVlnc?|i*l \V*)' MUt!...i» 4»IO»
I»I!|Oa 8m Joiio nn.l v7a 7 SUliona •»*»*
llt.'OI* Tlim 1 1 ¦¦till \V»j S'a'i.ii.il StUUr
fMt ISi- S,,, M»tM», l:.-.i-.»,.,Hl. Ui-nl.j r*rk.
Taio Alto. Santa Ultra, m»m J.m<«.
Tret 1'ItrOS. .-.¦¦in: a «r;i/. Salinas,
Mniitcrejf ai.ii i'a.ine (in^fe |Ift:S«t
tl : no r San Jnse un.l Way SULUi* Zi.Htf
!l:l»r 9an Ji.ite an.l Priuctpal »Y» r *•«».!..»» 0. 15*
t.t:liur!lan Ji».\ Los Gatoa ami l^rineipal
V/ar .i&aUon« > t!»:O«4
r,::iOr Sau.lxnaixl i'rlncrna! Way .Station! Kill*
«::iOf.S»n.l..S(jan.l V.'a; stations t»:«»4
a»litr»r San -1ihw»ii.I Way suM»n ":n»r
A for Morning 1' for Afterii.M.n
t Xni.'Ur NMMd : sund t* on!*.
f Moti'lays w<><li«i.l«y», FrldftTJ- •
eTu-*iUyi, Tbnr*Ujs, M.ind r*.
it >*lnril»v l-nl*
CALIFORNIA NORTfiVESTEKN ST. C&
LESSBB3
SAfi FRANCISCO AMD HORTH PACIFIC
RAlLVt'AY COrAPAMY-
Tlburon ferry. Foot of Market St>
Bon Fran:lscb ao San Enure!.
TIBUftON FERHY-FOOT OF MARKET oT.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:C0, 11:00 a. m.; U:J5. J:».
5:10. i:M p. m- Thursday*— Extra trip at 11:33
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M »n4
11:50 p. in.
Sr.\DAYS-S:C0, 8:20, U:C0 a. m.; 1:30. !.*>.
5:C0, 6:20 p. m.
ben ¦.him;! to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. T:50. »:». 11:10 a. m. ; 12:15.
3:W. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 8:35 p. en.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:W, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 2:40.
6:05. £:23 p. m. _•
BMirwn San- Krancisca and Schuetien Park.
•am-- schedule cs above. .
Leave } In Effect I ' Arrive
San Francisco. |Xov. 7. 130O.I San Francisco.^
Week | Sun- t I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:*.0am Petaluma. 6:05 pm[10:;5 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm' ganta Rosa. ":35 rmj i-H Vm
I Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:H am
HeaWsburs.
Lytton.
GpvservM?.
8:30 ptn 8:C0ami Cloverdale. 7:K pm 8:2 ptn
. 75<Tam! I Hoplantl j I
I 8:C0 ami and Uklah. | 7^> pm| 6:S* pm
7:30 am W-O an »
8:C0 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
8:30 pm - - «:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 ara
ar.rl
5:10 pm 5:C0pm Glen Ellen. <:05 pm 6:22 pm
7 30 am) «:00am| 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm! 6:^ pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
I Springs and Vvhite SulpKur 3prinss; at Fulton
| for Altruria: at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs: at
GeysKTvllIe for PkaCBs FTirlne*: at Cloverdale
for the Ceye?rs; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KelsfJ'vllls. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
I Springs, Blue Lakes. Lanret Dell Lake. Witter
• Springs, fpper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
I Juhn Day's, Riverside. Llerley's BuckneH's.
Eanhedrin Heights. ITullvllle. Orr'sHot Springs.
Mentloclno City. Fort Rrajcjr, Westpcrt. l.'sal.
"WUletts. LaytonvJUe. CummlnB3. R?H's Springs,
Harris. Olsena. Dyer. Scotia anil Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets zt re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office, 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
in*. R. X. RYAN.
II. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
; Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St
[ IV. «»N '"A*. .''.'.'' •". »•"• r»««
9:13a.m.) wiTrniV! (Z:C0p.w.
1H5 r. it. I EEK DAYS ! p
4:0or. m.) StayoTernlshtatthexAVEKt MO-.U a.m.'
8:00 a. u. } . f 1:«> r. m.
;^t- : [....™...;..srxDAvs.._ . : g»;:*
1 1:1. P.M.) I 5:55 p.m.
Fire. s»n FrancKc^ to Summit »nd Return, fl.to.
Ticket (Jflices, 621 Market ¦¦<?.. A -'anynrito P>rrr.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C2J> UGABSY %T. Kstablhh'-d
tn ISS4 for the treatment nf I'rlraut
Dlaea*es. I.««t Manbotid. Dohliltr or
:!!Hf-ns»' nrpnrlnznn hfirly ami mind ami
•Skin I>i.v>k.<i«9. The Doctorcnrpawlten
others fall. Try him. t'bargra low.
fnrn jrua r:»i> Iffd. Cull or writ*.
Dr. J. F. 41 1 BBO> . ban Francisco, Cak
" MAJEtRIAGE LICENSES. '
The following,, marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Celeste RivoKa, 24, 30 Vandewater street, and
Ro3lna D. Magglora. 17, 30 Vandewater street.
Noah J. Benfcrd, 35, • Bakersfleld. and Chris-
tine M. Spieler, IS, San Jose.
John R. Hurst. 2S. 3Co McAllister street, an.l
Minnie Irvine, Zi, .1578 Jackson street.
Frank F. Vanzini, 43,- Johnsviile, Cal., and
Amelia Neuenswander,. 37. city. .
Charles J. Witt. 23, 23 KlKin Park, and Lena
Becker. 21, CIO Hayes street.
John E. Dougherty Jr.. 19. 901 Folsom street,
and Llllie Howard, IS, 1615 Webster street.
Charles M. Green, 21. Cleveland. Ohio, and
.Mnbel R. Clark. 11. 1433 Stockton street.
Harry H, Huber. 24. 2filS* Howard street, and
Florence I. .Verrlll. 24. 261S Howard strtet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death, notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication . offices ¦ and be
Indorsed With the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
STREET— In this city, March 10. 1901, to the
wife of G. E. Street, a daughter.
_______
HURST-IRVINE— In this city. March 12, 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. John
Richard HUrst and Minnie Irvine, both of
San Francisco.
MEYERS-BOGLE— In this citjv March 9. 1901.
at St. John's Episcopal Church, by the Rev.
L. C. San ford. Dick Meyers of Woodslde - and
Ella Bogle of Siin. Franclfco.
RRJNKE— KUHLMAN— In -this city, March 9,
1301, by the Rev. J. II. Scjiroeder, Frederick
K:' Rclnke and Ilcrmlne Kuhlman.
SMITH— STAENOEL— In this city. March 9.
1P01, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, John Smith
and Anna Btaenrel.
WILSON— STREMMEL— In this city. March 11.
1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendelinfr, Charles A.
Wilson and Anna B. Stremmel. ,
_— __
Bacigalupl (infant) Kohl, Edith D.
Barnes, Mary McDermott. Mrs.
Uauers (Infant) Miles, John
Bucklln. Edward P. Nevlns. Michael
' Clapp, Dr. Geo. II. O'Malley. Charles
Dence. John Furcell. Edward J.
Gagan, Mary J. Wheaton, Marion E.
Kelly. John
BACIGALUPI— In this city, March II, 1901,
ir.rant child of Rlchetta and Michael Bacl-
galupl. a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 15 days.
BARNKS— In thi3 city. March 10, 1901, Mary
Barnes, wife of the late C. A. Barnes, a na-
tive of Ireland. : .
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'cltfck. from her late resi-
dence, 3203 Twenty-fourth street, corner bf
Howard. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car at 1:30 o'clock
from Twenty-fourth and Guerrero streets.
BAITERS— In the City and County Hospitnl.
March 11 1301, infant daughter of Lottie
P.aucrs. a native of California, aged 1 day.
BUCK LIN— in this city, March 11. 1901. Ed-
ward I*. Buckltn. a native of Providence-, R.
I., used J5 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thurs>qday), at. 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
CLAPP— In Oakland. March 12, 1901. at 935
• "ampbell street. Dr. ¦ George H. Clapp, a na-
five of Massachusetts, aged 71 years 5 months
and 15 days.' ¦ . • '--
DENCE— rn this city. March 11. 1901. John
Dence, beloved father of John Dence and
Mrs. William WUdermuth. a native of Scot-
land, meed 73 year* and 3 months. "^
C7"Frlends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral to-morrow
; (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Chnrles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
OAOAN- In CRklar.d. March 10. 1901. at her
| residence, 1204 Twelfth ' street. Mary Jane
da^an, a native of Woonsocket. R. I., aged
65 years. (Massachusetts and Rhode Island
papers please copy.)
{C3Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
! (Wednesday),- at 10 o'clock, from St. Charles
TJorrnmeo's Church, corner Eighteenth nnd
Shot well streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrate for the repose of her soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY- In the City and County Hospital,
March 12. 1801, John Kelly, a native of Ire-
land, a~ed B5 years. .
KOHL— In Philadelphia. Pa.. March 12. 1901,
Edith D. Kohl, wife of C. Frederick Kohl, a
native of PhJIadelphla, aged 26 years.
1 McDERMOTT— In this city. .March 12. 1901,
i Mrs. McDermott, dearly beloved wife of Wil-
liam Mcl>ermott, dearly beloved mother of
Evelyn and Eaton McDermott, and sister nt
William O'Brien and the late Mrs. James
Wightman. a native of New York, aged 33
years and 1 month. - ... .
MILES— In this city, March 10, 1901, John,
-beloved husband of Frederlcka Miles, and
father of Frederick John Miles, a native ot
j Russia.
- ETFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, rrom the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maasp, 917 Mission etreet,
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. - ¦ - ' • «
i NEVINP— In Tung Chow. China. December 30.
i 1*00, Michael Nevlnn.- son of the late Cath-
i erlne Nevlns, and brother of Tom. Jim and
| Ed Nevlns, Mrs. W. H. Curlev and Mrs. D.
I H. Gates, a native of Grass Valley, Cal.,
! aged 23 years.
• O'MALLEY— In this city. March 12. 1901.
1 Charles, beloved husband of Mamie O'Mal-
ley. a native of San Francisco, aged 37 years
| 9 months and 3 days. /
• Pl!RCELI#-In South San Francisco. March 12.
' 1S01, Edward Joseph Purcell. dearly beloved
son of Edward and Hanora Purcell, and
brother of Mar>", Katie, John, Maggie and )
Rose Purcell, n native of San Francisco, aged
19 years and 16 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his uarents. 2022 Fifteenth avenue, be-
tween R and 8 streets south, thence to All
: Hallows' Church, N street and Sixteenth
avenue south. South San Francisco, for ser-
j vices. Interment Mount Calvary Ometery. "
' WHEATON— In this city. March 12. 1901. Mar-
i ion E.. beloved daughter of Sheridan and
Mary Wheaton, a natlv^ of San Francisco,
aged 1 year. . ,
HENRY J. GALLAGIIF.R CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mcr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth K;. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South £0.
I M^AVOy"*:" CO.. I
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
I 1139 Market St.. between Sth and »th. I
I Telephone South 217. |
UNITED UNDERTAKERS/ "|
tl and IJ Firth st. TeL South 1«7. |
ITWEBAL DIS&0T0&3 AND EMBALM ESI. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. I
ItEAl. ICSTATi:— CITY — 7OU S.V»,C.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Street.
If you think of buying cr selling real esta'.e
or any description it will positively be to JiW«J
decided advantage to write or call upon us
before making the transaction.
Lot of land crntainlns 67.400 -qtiar<» feet,
every inch covered with macsive brick and
Mone 3-story and basement building, suitable
fcr storage, warehou.-e nr factory purposes, lo-
cated In block bcrderini: en dock and water
fmnt: close proximity to railroad tetmlnal:
IeaF«<l-for 15 years raying 5 per cent net above
all expenses. * Asking ?230,U'X>.
Downtown clear-cut m"0crn 0-rtory and basc-
niop.t brick building, -cntra unCor lone lejso
(secured* at $10,000 per *nnu:n; pn.p*»rty perfect
In every detail. Atkinc J 113.000
Crosstown retail store property: Tolk st.. ia
the heart of the best bur-ine.-v, faction: extra
large frontage ; substantial 3-stcry frame build
ins; contains two stores and two bay-window
floors above; rents 15 per cent i«t ann'Jtn.
Asking |2$.000.
P.e«ld«nce of 9 rooms inJ hath; let 2iJxl27:SVi;
on Washington Et., near \Vebtter: owner fens'
ious to eell. Askina »7JO0.
Rents $1239 per annum; 3 e'.egrant, new, sub-
Et!>.ntial!y built flats, wl'.h every convenience,
on Jack«on between Lur'in nnd Polk: contain-
ing 7 and S - rooms and bath each; lot Kxl27:SVi'.
owner must Fell; going tc Euror*; a perfectly
safe investment. Asklni flS.oOO.
Vermont st., n^ar Slarlrosa: cottage and
basement; cost $30"0 to build; lot 25*10): own->r
wants money; must wll. Askinc J2100.
i Here is larpe returns for yrur investment; os-
tra lot. 42x75; well Improved and always rent-
ed: only ;r*) fpet from ;o-ner of Sixth and Mis-
sion sts.; rents Ji£4 per year. Asking $7750.
BALDWIN & HOWHLL.
10 Montgomery Street.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 MontRomery -t ,
are offeHng on easy terms. $10 per month, in-
terest 6 per cent; level building lots on II st.
and Nineteenth ave. boulevard; fronting Goli-
cn Gate Park; a Krand garden at your frr.n
dcor; an ideal twrntipth century home loca-
tion; Ellis-s». electric ccrs .jaspine the prou-
erty: lots level and ready for building: stre»t«
on official grade and rr.acadamtrcd: plat k
sidewalks: cas, water and mall service: if
you Intend to build !-.nd. have not sufficient
money at present we w!H advance to you for
that purpose; take a trip out and see the
neat, new and pretty hraics built and being i
built "n this property. We have a branch of- I
fico for your convenience and where you can j
obtain aU further Inrormat'on, and. a horFo |
and bugxy with attendant at your disposal, at i
the corner of II Et. and Ninth ave., south of
Golden Gate Park: open every day. Sundays
and holidays: don't delay, but interest your-
self in a home lot at once.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Street.
J-"0 EACH— Owner muft Fell; one or more $750
lots sacrificed for SCSO each; 2(ixll4; Elizabeth
M.. near Diamond; a desirable place for a
home; pood chance for builder and contractor.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery ft.
1 HAVE buyers for lots north of the Park
from First »ve. to the ocean. W. J. GUN'S,
G20 California st.
MODERN cottages and -flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBURY,
buildrr; office 1223 Market *t.
FOR sale at a bargain — That elegant new 10-
room house. 773 Coie St.; elegantly decorated;
open daily.
MUFT eell-2 choice level lots near cars. 1123
each. Thistleton. 272 SiJowa ft.. Ocean View.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park."
then call on W. J. GTTNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Snle
A GOOD general farm. 160 acres: 35 cultivated;
balance wooded hill pasturage: fenced: liv-
ing stream; well; family orchard; residence,
• barn, etc.; 3'4 miles from two railroad sta-
tions;' BOhoma County; $3500. Only J1100; 10
acres, bordering living stream; richest level j
alluvial and rolling land; ICO bearing trees;
."-room residence, barn. well, etc.; only one-
mile from Napa. Remember I'm accurately
acquainted with more country property for
sale and exchange than all other agents in
San Francisco: 2P00 ranches on my list. State-
what's wanted and get reliable descriptions
of barer, ins. N. D. PICKELS, the Land
Agent. 6 Geary St., San Francisco.
GRAZING or dairy land to lease, 2S0 acres,
with large outside range, in Humboldt County.
Cal.. for term of years: plenty wood and
water. M. R. JAGER. 110 Taylor at.. S. F.
AT $30 per acre; choicest level orchard and
rrain land In State; a«2Joina R.R. : easy terms.
Cal. Farm Land JuTO.j 616 Examiner bldg.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market, near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1803.
I have a long list of city and country prop-
erty for sale and exchange. Please call.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
IK 1 )!)— 8-ROOM house with latest improve-
ments, including electric lights; lot &0xl65; a
banerain; beautiful view.
f?300— €-room house; all modern improve-
ments; corr.fr lot, 50x150; !n beautiful Fruit-
i vale; terms easy. Call orrnddress A. R. PE-
, TERSON & CO.. 478 Tenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
ABOUT completed— 6-room flats* entirely mod-
ern; 3 blocks from railroad station in choice
residence section. ?20 to 127 50 per month.
HERON & HOLCOMB. 10C0 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
TABLE unexcelled; rooms par excellent: pri-
vate family. 514 22d St., Oakland; close In.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND ROARD.
FRONT alcove and two side rooms at most
reasonable rates. 1159 Jeffernon at.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you front H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT. 414—1 sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; sink and bath.
BRANNAN, 723. above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnlthed; $1.
EDDY. 833— 2 large connecting rooms; newly
papered; private residence; no children.
ELLTS. €21— Nicely furnished front room, com-
plete for housekeeping; gas stove; $10.
GEARY. 861— Two and three rooms; housekeep-
ing; gas range; running water.
HARRISON. 7!1-Front and back parlor fur-
nished for housekeeping; large yard; rent 313.
HOWARD. £22— 2 newly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; hot. cold wat.; separate yard: tl5.
JACKSON. S20, near Mason-«FurniBhed sunny
large front housekeeping rooms. J7 to IS.
LEXINGTON, ave., 37&-3 beautiful sunny
rooms for housekeeping; kitchen complete.
McALLISTKR. S31— Upper part house, 3 rooms
and alcove: unfurnished; no children; $18.
MINNA, 172, near Third— Housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete, with laundry and sink;
single. XI 75; tulte. $2 75.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Large sunny room
and kitchen complete; also Fingle for two.
O'FARRELL. C21— Sunny flat of 3 housekeeping
rooms: nicely furnished: reasonable.
SECOND. 212— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
neat, clean and respectable; reasonable.
SHOTWELL, 121. near Sixteenth— 2 furnished
front rooms for lipht housekeeping; cheap.
6TOCKTON. C07— Klegantly furnished floor of
4 fur.ry rooms: also slnple rooms.
TEHAMA, 44—3 housckeeplnff rooms.
THIRD, 625— Three Bunny unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; use of bath and washtubs.
THIRTEENTH. 1S9. corner Howard— Alcove
suite and kitchen, complete for hsekpg; $16.
TURK. E2S— Two furnished rocms for house-
keeping. J15.
VAN NESS ave.. lCl2.near Sacramento— Newly
furniFh^-d sunny front alcove with connecting
I dressing room; also large sunny room; prl-
! vate family. '-•*<<C-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements»and
•subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Uofarn.
ARGYLE. The. (Just finished), McAllister St.,
opp. City Hail Park— Select parties with ref-
erences are reppectfully Invited to Inspect
above premises; minny suites; with or with-
out baths: also single rooms; electric light;
Hevator all night: Kteam heated: finest read-
'ing-room in the city on lower floor: liveried
callboys In attendance; every room tasty and
elegantly furnished ;. moderate prices; rooms
phown In the evening. ' ¦
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 . Sixth— Rooms
Si? to U per. night: Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ON THE MAP
SAN FRANCISCO
TO CHICAGO IN 75.
HOURS ON THE
SANTA FE
CALIFORNIA
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
AT 9 A. M. EVERY DAY
NOTICE TO ARCHITECTS— General instruc-
tions to competitors for designing? and . fur-
nishing plans for a hospital for. the German
General Benevolent Society can now be ob-
tained at the office, SCO Oenry St. • .:' . ¦'
THE BUILDING COMMITTEE.This time of the year a great many fam
ilies change their homes, which in reality
is a good thing for the health, being that
carpets, lace curtains, furniture are! re
placed by new supplies. The public should
not forget Pattoslen Co. is • the house to
see for furniture, carpets, rugs. When at
the store don't forget to see the 575 maple
wood bedroom suits, $45. Corner Sixteenth
and Mission. • ?
Moving Time.
Sembrich Opera Season.
The sale of single seats for the Sem
brich grand op*?ra season, which begins on
Monday evening- at Morosco's Grand Op
era-house, will open this morning at 9
o'clock at the box office of that theater.
The repertoire for the first week will be
as follows: Monday evening, "The Barber
of Seville": ¦ Wednesday evening:, "La
Traviata"; Saturday afternoon, "Don
Pasquale." During the second and last
wpek "Faust," "Lucia," "Pagliacci" and
"RIgoletto" will be sung. Madame Sem
brich will sing at every performance.
Cooper's Examination.
The preliminary examination of "Sir"
Harry West wood Cooper, alias Ernest
Moore Chadwlck. on two charges of forg
ery, will be held before Judge Fritz this
afternoon.
James Higgins and John Cordell were
arrested on Jessie street yesterday and
charged with attempted robbery. They
were disco vtre-d by Special Officer Cleary
struggling with "William Petit, who said
they wore trying to rob him. The, men
were captured by Officers Flynn and Wil
son after a long chase and the firing of
a shot. V
Shot Fired' at Bobbers.
of the Chicago Commercial Club.". who win
arrive in. this city within a few days, is to
be held in the Mark Htfpkins Institute of
Art, corner California and Mason streets.
The . Merchants' Association Is making
great preparations for tho event and has
received word from leading citizens of this
city that they will attend the affair.
The chairman and toastmaster at the
banquet will be Irving' M. Scott. Mayor
James D.~ Phelan will welcome the guesrs
to the city. "On behalf of the city of Chi
cago, responses will be made by Robert
T. Unc/iln, E. G. Keith. A. C. Bartlctt
and prol-ably by Marshall. Field and John
V. Farwell. It Is expwted that Presldcn 1 .
Wheeler of the University, of
will respond to a toast upon the prospects
of the Pacific Commercial Museum an]
that; President. Hays of the Southern- Pa
cific Railroad and President Ripley of tho
Santa Fe Railroad will also 'respond to
appropriate toasts.
Merchants' Association Arranging
for a Big Fete in Honor cf .
the Visitors.
The banquet to be tendered the members
CHICAGO COMMERCIAIi
CLUB TO BE BANQUETED
ly, Mrs. J. D. Grant, Mrs. "William Irwln
and other ladies, who gave a successful
charity concert at the maple. room of tu<i
Palace Hotel a year ago, are planning a
function of a similar character. It tvi'l
be given next month at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art immediately after
the close of the spring exhibition of tho
San Francisco Art Association.
Last year the concert tickets were read
ily taken at $3 each, and as a result of
society's generosity several clmrities wcro
benefited.
Will Take Part In: Concert Next
Month in the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott. Mrs.' Jack Casser-
SOCIETY WOMEN TO SING
ON BEHALF OF CHARITY
CONSUL. WILDMAN'S ESTATE.— Special
letters of administration upon the estate of the
late Consul General Rounsevelle Wlldman were
1fsup«1 yesterday morning by Judge Murasky
to Edwin Wlldman, decedent's brother. The
petition' of the Public Administrator was de
nied. - Edwin .Wlldman testified that he pur
posed making San Francisco his future home.
It is said that Consul Wlldman left a will in
Hongkong and that It has been cabled for.
Mrs. . Lillian d'Ancona Goes ¦• to tho
Islands to Write About
.^ Ceremonies.
Mrs. Lillian d'Ancona leaves for Tahiti
this week on the steamer Australia to
prepare a report for some of the Eastern
magazines on the great celebration which
is to take place in the islands on July
U. She will write several articles, one
of them to cover the extensive prepara
tions now in progress, not only on fhe
Island of Tahiti itself, but throughout
the Society group and the neighboring
Inlands of the Marquesas.
The celebration is not only the cus
tomary biennial observance of- the French
fete day— the Islands being under the
control of France— but it is -¦ recognized
as probably the last big one In which
the natives will feel free to have tho
full swing that has always been granted
to them hitherto by the French officials.
The establishment of the steamer con
nection with the United States Is chang
ing things in Tahiti and the Tahitians
realize that a little further time will ren
der their native pastimes, feasts and
mysteries too incongruous- to be permit
ted. Accordingly they are reported to be
getting ready on a grand . scale to turn
loose In all their old-time regalia.
It is expected • that the result will be
.one of the most unique affairs that has
occurred in the Pacific 'Ocean for a num
ber of years. It is also thought that It
will be the last of the simon-pure native
feasts in the South . Pacific. Mrs. d'An
cona goes under commission from the
Arthur I. Street Magazine Company,
•which Is making use of some of her
articles written during a former trip to
Tahiti.
TAHITIANS PREPARE
FOR THEIR LAST FEAST
In an opinion overruling a demurrer In
tho action instituted by P. M. Wellln
against Superintendent of Schools R. H.
Webster for a writ of mandate to compel
the allowance of a demand for $30 "on ac
count of school repairs." Judge Sloss has
decided that the provision of the charter
relative to the repair of school buildings
supersedes the provisions of the Political
Code, "if there is any conflict." This de
cision, though Webster may join the is
sues by filing- answer. If so advised, means
practically a, Judgment in Wellln's favor
and establishes the right of the Board of
Public WortaJ and the Board of Educa
tion to direct the matter of repairs under
the provisions of the charter.
In his opinion Judge Sloss says:
"The real controversy seems to arise on
the question of whether the provisions of
the charter relative to the repair of school
buildings are in conflict with the provi
sions of the constitution of this State.
"In 'municipal affairs' the charter su
persedes general laws. If the erection of
schoolhouses 'falls within the function of
a municipal government' the alteration
and repair ¦ of t'uch schoolhouses when
erected is equally a matter of 'municipal
concern.' I conclude, therefore, that the
provision of. the charter relative to the
repair of school buildings are controlling 1
as against the provisions of the Political
Code. The demurrer is therefore over
ruled." - :.•¦¦.•'•,•
&LOSS HOLDS CHARTER
GOVERNS SCHOOL REPAIRS
Decides in Overruling a Demurrer
That Its Provisions Supersede
Political Code. - ;
That on the evening of the said 21st day
of February, 1901, the said steamship arrived
within three miles of the entrance of the port
of San Francisco and encountered a heavy tog
and anchored at the entrance of the said har
bor within two miles of the shore of the city
end county of San Francisco, State of Cali
fornia, and was lying safely at anchor; that
thereafter, on the morning of the next day,'
between the hours of midnight and 5 o'clock,
the sea being calm and no wind blowing, the
said steamer, still lying safely at anchor, it
being yet dark and a heavy tog still continu
ing to envelop the said ship, under the order
of the captain of the said steamship her an
chor was raised and she steamed from her Bald
safe anchorage and attempted to enter the
eftid port of San Francisco; that the entrance
to- said port isr a narrow channel, surrounded
by sunken rocks and reefs and fraught with
strong and varying currents; that the said
attempt 'to enter the said harbor at' the said
time and in the said fog was gross neRlljrence
on the part of the captain of the said vessel
and of the Pacific Mall Steamship Company;
that during- the said attempt to enter the said
r.arbor, and by reason thereof, the said steam
ship was run upon a rock and foundered, and
the said Henry Guyon. being then upon the
oaid steamship, alive and able-bodied, was car
ried with her below the waters and was
drowned.
The complaint further charges gross
negligence on the part of the defendant
in failing to take the necessary soundings;
that the crew consisted of ignorant Chi
namen, Imperfectly acquainted with the
English language, and were therefore un
able to understand the orders of the of
ficers; that there was abundant time after
the ship struck to . have launched the
boat3, but that owing to the aforesaid
Ignorance of the crew but two of the
boats were launched: that the steamship
company failed to provide a full comple
ment of licensed officers to. manage the
ship, or officers who could speak the lan
guage of the crew.
The sum of $25,000 is asked for as dam
ages for the loss of Mr. Guyon's life and
$525 for the loss of his personal effects.; .
Gavin McNab and William Denman are
attorneys for Mrs. Guyon.
The allegations of the complaint are;
Mrs. Sarah Guyon, as administratrix of
the estate of Henry Guyon, drowned by
the wrecking of the Rio de Janeiro, filed
a libel suit yesterday in the United States
District Court against the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company for $25,525 damages.
The heirs are Mrs. Sarah Guyon, Ernest
Guyon, aged 15 years; Milton Guyon, aged
11 yaars. and Eldred Guyon, aped 5 years.
The Railroad Commissioners have de
cided to make the Southern Pacific and
the Santa Fe Railroad companies explain
on or before April 10 why the railroad
companies cannot furnish more cars.
The Southern Pacific Company is at
present constructing some wooden tank
cars to be used for hauling oil, but ex
perienced oil men claim that they will be
a failure and a menace. The Santa Fe
people claim that they furnish all the oil
cars they can.
The oil men of Bakersfleld, Kern, Sun
set and various other oil localities have
petitioned the -Railroad Commissioners to
investigate the present high charges that
they pay for transporting oil. The mat
ter will be taken up on April 10.
The oil men of the Kern River district
filed yesterday, a formal complaint with
the Railroad Commissioners in which they
claim that they are severely handicapped
and are at great financial loss owing to
the lack of cars in which to move oil.
In the complaint the petitioners assert
that they have developed the Kern River
district with a great outlay of money and
energy: that the land was practically val
ueless two years ago, and that It Is now
very valuable. They say that their busi
ness is practically at a standstill, many
of the wells being closed, the storage ca
pacity being filled and there being no cars
on hand to move the product to the mar
ket. . The oil consumers are cut off with
their supply of fuel, all owing to a lack
of cars.
The petitioners request the Railroad
Commissioners to take the matter up at
once.
Lack of Transportation Has
Brought Business to a
Standstill.
OIL MEN DEMAND
MORE TANK CARS
Among the improvements which the
Hayes -Valley Club, will ask for will be
the repaying of Hayes street with bitu
men, placing arc lights on the principal
streets of the valley, three mail deliver
ies per day and the positive enforcement
of Ordinances governing streets.
A special meeting of the club will be
held on March 26, when the alternates to
the general convention of clubs will be
elected.
The Hayes Valley Club will meet on the
second Tuesday of each month, and in
order to attract members it was decided
last evening to combine business with
pleasure by giving socials at many of
the club's business meetings.
President Alpers was authorized to ap
point a committee of five to canvass the
district and find out from property-own
ers and business men their views as to
the most urgent needs of improvement
Messrs. Jacobs, Fries, Alfonso, Suternich
and Mangels were appointed on the com
mittee. •
Messrs. Alpers. Alfonso and Schohay
were elected delegates to the convention
of the Federation of Improvement Clubs
which meets on March 27 at Saratoga
Hall.
Members of the Hayes Valley Improve
ment Club met last evening at Mowry's
Hall, Grove and Laguna streets, for the
purpose of electing officers and appoint
ing committees. All present were unani
mous in approving the plans for securing
needed improvements for Hayes Valley
and stirring speeches were made by some
of the members.
The election resulted in placing the
following gentlemen in office:
Charles Alpers, president; W. J. Ramsey,
vice president: J. F. Sullivan, first vice presi
dent: M. Gompertz, treasurer; E. A. Lorenz.
organizer; A. J. Schohay. secretary; J. Fries,
sergeant-at-arms; directors— Peter Suternich.
M. Gonipertz, W. J. Ramsey, C. W. Sink, A.
Quinn, J. F. Sullivan and I. Jacobs.
Residents Hold an Enthu
siastic Meeting at Mow
. ry's Hall.
WILL IMPROVE
HAYES VALLEY
Siies the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company for
$25,525.
GOYON'S WIDOW
WANTS DAMAGES
IT IS not often that a bride and groom
spend their . honeymoon on a United
States vessel. Captain and Mrs. H. K.
Struve had that honor. They were
married in Manila and came home on
the Hancock, arriving yesterday morning.
It was a case of love at first sight and
the officers on the Hancock call the court
ship "The Romance of a Transport."
The bride was formerly Miss Florence
M. Boruck, daughter of the late Marcus
D. Boruck, at one time proprietor of tho
Spirit of the Times, and private secretary
to Governor Waterman. The groom is
Captain Harry K. Struve. master of the
transport Hancock, a most careful and
skillful navigator and one of the best
known and best-liked men on the Pacific
The romance began in April, 1900. At
Campbell has been on one of the over
land trains and his run has been from
this city to Ogden. The last trip he made
was two weeks ago. He has been Buffer
ing from the effects of a severe cold and
recently has been unable to sleep or
eat. He frequently complained of his
condition and appeared to be depressed.
Shortly after lunch yesterday Campbell
went upstairs and his mother and sister3
thought he had gone to his room. When
he did not reappear at 5:30 o'clock, one of
his sisters, Miss Annie Campbell, detected
the odor of gas and tried the bathroom
door. Finding it barred she secured a
ladder and looked in throuch a window.
She was startled to see her brother's
lifeless body hanging over the edge of the
tub with the throat cut from ear to ear.
The gas jet in the room was also open
and It is supposed that Campbell pro
vl4ed for the gas to end his life in the
event the razor failed to do Its deadly*
work.
Charles P. Campbell, a Wells-Fargo
mesenger. 55 years of age, committed
suicide at his residence, 1264 Jackson
street, yesterday afternoon. The unfor
tunate man first turned on. the gas and
then resting his head over a bathtub cut
his throat. Despondency from illness is
supposed to have been the cause of his
act.
Aged Express Messenger
Ends His Woes by Com
mitting Suicid§.
GAS AND A RAZOR
BRING HIM DEATH
The body was taken to Oakland last
night, but no definite arrangements have
yet been made for the funeral. Remillard
was unmarried. He was a popular club
man, well read, traveled and a social fa
vorite. His death will leave a blank not
easily filled. -•.¦¦«•:»¦
The Coroner and a jury viewed the re
mains yesterday afternoon, and the in
quest will be hdd on Thursday morning,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Dr. L. D. Bacl
paluri performed an jiutopsy and found
Remillard's death to be due to the frac
ture of the base of the skull and to in
ternal injuries.
cry only twenty-four hours before his
death. He spoke cheerfully and did not
complain of unbearable pain. During the
night, however, a change for the worse
set in; followed by unconsciousness.
James V. Coleman. the well-known club
rnan and capitalist, is seriously ill at his
rooms in the Savoy Hotel. A few weeks
ago Mr. Coleman had an attack of the
prip and later pulmonary symptoms set
In. which confined him to his bed at once.
For the last two weeks Mr. Coleman's
physicians and nurses have been in con
stant attendance, and the gravest appre
hension has been felt in regard to his re
covery.
Yesierday Mr. Coleman's condition
F^pmtd a little better and he was able to
take more rest than usual. His physi
cians stated that he was improving and
that they had strong hopes that he might
be able to be out once more In a few
•werks. The patient Is still dangerously
111. however, and the greatest care and at
tendance will have to bu exercised to pre
clude the possibility of a relapse. Mr.
Coleman Is very anxious about his many
business enterprises and feels reluctant to
forego the personal supervision of his af
fair?, even for a brief period. The con-
Ftant aim of ncth physicians and nurses
is to keep him frw from worry, as it is
felt that the weight of business cares
would impede his recovery. The chief
trouble with the patient at present is a
decided weakness, which does not disap
pear as rapidly as would ordinarily be ex
pected.
Popular Clubman and Poli
tician in a Critical
Condition.
J. V. COLEMAN
SERIOUSLY ILL
ON Saturday night Philip H. Rcmil
lard, vice president of the Remil
lard Brick Company, clubman
nr-.n bon-vivant, acted as host at
a pleasant dinner in the Delmor.i
co restaurant. He stepped to the win
dow, his laugh still ringing in the ears
of his guests, to get a breath of fresh air.
The story of his misstep and awful fall
has been told. Yesterday morning he dieJ
In the Waldeck Sanatorium from his in
juries, his mother and sister being by his
Bide when he passed away. He spoke no
parting word to them, for he was uncon
scious.
The end was a shock. The injured man
seemed to be in a fair way toward recov-
Jlrs. Struve is a handsome brunette,
with a very winning manner, while her
liustnnd Is one of the finest specimens of
manhood in the transport service. Mrs.
Struve is delighted with the Philippines,
and hts tho hardihood to say that she
would sooner live- In Manila than San
Francirco. Mrs. Boruck boarded the
Hancock as soon as the vessel came to an
anchor, and eient the entire day with her
daughter en the transport.
that time Miss Bomck was living with
her mother at W5 Sutter street. When the
1'hillppine Commission was sent out the
members tv€re assigned to the Hancock,
and Miss Boruck went along with the
v/ife of one -of the commissioners. Cap
tain Struve learned to love on the trip to
Manila, but was afraid to declare himself.
Once in the Philippines and noticing the
number of sick and the scarcity of nurses
Miss Boi uck offered her services, which
were at once accepted. Every time the
Hancock returned to Manila, Captain
Struve called upon Miss Boruck, and
finally succeeded in winning her consent
to a marriage when the Hancock returned
to Manila. The outward run was made in
mcoi'd time, and the transport reached
Manila about the middle of January. On
January 30. 1901. Captain Harry K. Struvo
and Mies Florence M Boruck were made
one, and a week or so later were on their
way back to San Francisco. Thus ended
the "Romance of a Transport" In the way
which all good romances should end.
PHILIP H. REMILLARD, OAKLAND SOCIETV AND BUSINESS MAN.
WHO SUCCUMBED TO INJURIES SUSTAINED BY FALLING FROM A
SECOND STORY WINDOW AT DELMONICO RESTAURANT.
CAPTAIN OF HANCOCK AND THE
BRIDE HE WON ON A TRIP TO
MANILA.
Mayor Phelan thought that the Attorney
General might be induced to bring suit
to have the charters forfeited. The dis
cussion was of a desultory nature, and no
definite action was taken.
Commissioners Wallace and Newhall
voted for Begley's dismissal, while.Com
missioner Mahoney favored a heavy fine.
After the meeting adjourned the Com
missioners met Mayor Phelan and inform
ally discussed the eight-hour law for the
management of the department.
The Mayor said that he had been in
formed by prominent attorneys that the
Henry act is a nullity. "Under the cir
cumstances," said he, "this board should
not pay any attention to it."
Newhall said that ha was In favor of
working the men only eight hours out of
twenty-four If It could be so arranged.
"To make the change with our present
force," said he, "would reduce the police
protection in the outlying districts."
Mayor Phelan gave it as his belief that
after all the soldiers leave here, which
will not be later than June, many patrol
men could be taken from the outlying dis
tricts. He further suggested that when
the commission asks for an appropriation
from the Supervisors for the coming fiscal
year that a large increase be demanded
in order that more men may be appointed.
The matter of closing the Chinese gam
bling house? was not considered. Com
missioner ICewhall believed that steps
should be taken to have the charters of
the Chinese clubs revoked.
Patrolman John J. Begley was dis
missed from the department for disobedi
ence of orders and smokine while on
duty. Begley was detailed on the night
of the Hawkins-McFadden fight at the
Mechanics' Pavilion to stand guard over
the Harrison Primary School on Grove
street, between Larkin and Polk. Com
plaint was made that on several other oc
casions when contests were in progress at
the Pavilion the schoolhouse was broken
into by men and boys, who expected to
be able to view the fight from the upper
floors. Begley, in disobedience of orders,
made his way into the Pavilion and was
enjoying the flght from the gallery when
Sergeant Duke found him. The sergeant
testified that Begley was smoking, but he
denied that charge. , 7. ¦
Patrolman Thomas F. Flynn was tried
and acquitted on a charge of unofflcerlike
conduct and neglect of duty. Tony Pedro,
employed as superintendent of teams by
Gray Bros., contractors, claimed that
Flynn had failed to arrest the driver of a
lumber team who was abusing one of
their teamsters. The evidence for the
prosecution failed to show that Flynn had
failed in his duty and the charge was
promptly dismissed.
The Police Commissioners at a meeting
held last night appointed W. 'J. Kava
nagh and George K. Small regular patrol
men. The new appointees were taken
from the civil service list. They were or
dered to appear before Chief Sullivan at
10 o'clock this morning to be sworn In and
instructed as to their duties.
Patrolman Begley Is Dismissed
Eight-Hour Law and Gambling
Club Charters Discussed.
APPOINT TWO POLICEMEN
FROM THE ELIGIBLE LIST
When telling her story Mrs. Buckley
expressed the belief that her daughter
had met with foul play. :. f
The police are puzzled over the mys
terious disappearance of Miss Julia Buck
ley, who, until two weeks ago, resided
with her parents at 237 Minna street. The
young lady Is 21 years of age. Yesterday
the mother received a message that her
daughter had been injured, but the sender
of tho message cannot be located. The
fear Is expressed that the young lady has
met with foul play. • ¦ ;¦ '.¦-¦••"¦¦¦
Two weeks ago Sunday Miss Buck
ley left her home in the afternoon
and did not return in the evening. At
lirst Mrs. Buckley thought that her
daughter had gone to stop at the house
of a friend, and it was not until after a
week had passed that she became ex
tremely alarmed.
The mother's fears were increased yes
terday afternoon when she received a
telephone message that her daughter had
been injured. When she asked for par
ticulars the man sending the information
simply said that his name was "Coak
ley and hung up the receiver. Mrs.
Buckley then visited all the hospitals In
the city, but not finding her daughter
called at police headquarters and asked
that detectives be detailed on the case.
She Has Met With
Foul Play.
M[iss Julia Buckley leaves Home Two
Weeks Ago and It Is Feared
Mysterious Message to Her
Mother Reported at Head
quarters.
POLICE SEARCH
FOR MISSING GIRL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 13, 1901
His Rally Is but Temporary and He Expires
With Mother and Sister at His Side.
PHILIP REMILLARD DIES
FROM FRACTURE OF SKULL
Captain Struve Falls in Love With Miss
Boruck on Trip to Manila and Weds Her.
ROMANCE ON UNCLE SAM'S
BIG TRANSPORT HANCOCK
12
- : ADVEBTISEIdENTS.
Our customers are informed that on MONDAY,
March 11th, will take placa OUR COMPLETE
OPENING OF NEW WASH MATERIALS FOR
SPRING, 1901, We will then place on sale
a most elegant assortment of the following
Fairies, all of which are in the newest color-
ingsj and the styles of most are confined ex-
clusivelu to us,
• ¦ .-
Japanese Corded Wash Silks.
Mercerized French Printed Sateens,
Lace Striped Egyptian Tissues.
Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities.
Silk and "Linen Wash Fabrics. -.
Mercerized Cotton Foulards.
White and Colored Dotted Swiss. ""
Imported Dress Crashes.
Plain and Printed English Galateas.
Silk Wash Ginghams.
Plain and Printed Organdies.
Mercerized Persian Lawns.
Best Quality Printed Percales.
Scotch Zephyr Ginghams.
Extra Quality Japanese Wash Crepes,
QPCPIA I 150 pieces 32-INCH PRINTED DIMITY, In
Or lUIALi all the. new colorings and. ip YorH
yerg Handsome stgles - - IDG TfllOi
NOTE.— In ordering samples of afiOYe goods please
lie particular to specify prices and colors
wanted,
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET-
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
• Why don't you try
White
Cottolene?
u l recommend its use in place cf
lard or in cakes in place of buttert
"SARAH TYSON RORER, .
"Principal Philadelphia Cooking School."
"Much superior to lard as a frying:
mtdium and shortening: agent.
"EMMA P. EWING,
"Dean Chsutauqua Cooking School."
This is what two of the hading
ccokingf authorities in the United
States say cf
White
Cottolene.
Pies and biscuits shortened with
pure
White
Cottolene
are whclcsome, appetizing- and di-
gxotib e.
rT rrSXS^i he N.KJalrbank Compsny,
iy-'-> <tfl Chieay:*— Sole Manufacturer*.
CjKfiSSSa FSFF» Our fla« ct y booklet.
i£5v*^©2 r»LC. --a Public Secret,"
SS&WJE Hi mailed free to any addros*.
l+S\Z£ti*ty9 '. send irer our J25-pace recipe
*£^£»SiS&/ book. "Horn* Hel;>s." edited
¦* L^ Jjy Mrs. Rorer.
P. S.— No Hog Fat in COTTOLENE
, 'Phone Howard 1021.
3 JrS# A VI tb SPn9 iff .^ffi '
119 TATLOR STREET. "
DAIRY BUTTER, square 22Hc
nilTTrn Star or Acme— Cream- Ort/%
Dill Itn "V- full size squarejlin
uui IUI1 Our highest grade— at UUU
cut prtoe. RflO squares on sale. Wednesday
and Thursday.
UNSWEETENED CHOCOLATE. 15c.
DMTTCD Poln t Reyes or Hum-ftfl A
bill ICfi £° ldt ,v, » T a uaj -»ZbC
Select Creamery — Usual •" wt#
size and quality.
MAPLE SUGAR, pound. 12^c
CO PC Very Best Ranch dozen |r.
LUUU ReceIved dally. Selected for |QQ
K. C. Baking Powder. 10c. 1.1c. 25c
Hn Buckwheat self-ralslng... pkg \C n
-JJ Hot cakes ready In a wink! |Q(J
Imported CREME DE MENTHE, OOc
MAPLE SYRUP 1^^1190
Lopr Cabin or "Woodlawn.
DAIN'TT CHIPS. "ABC." box 30c
SUGAR PEAS £££§£ 103
"Code Portwood."
PINK SALMON, 3 tins 25c
U/IllCO Port or Sherry. 40c qual-0C«*
1 High grade, well matured. tUU
5 for $1.00.
"INJUN" BREAD FLOUR, pkff. 5c.
fllTO "Atlas" Kilndried Rolled.... |ft«
**"¦** Best ever produced. Pre- luu
pared quicklv.
TOMATOESand PEPPERS. 3-lb tin IOC
MACKEREL t^vsy? 1 " '¦ *^~ 25c
Home Made Chowchow. lOc. 15c 20c
Freight Prepaid in Country.
DAI A P L" These hotels pos-
rALnUL !CSS the attrib nte3
, that tourists and
QPfl travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location.
PDA Mil • liberal manage-
UnHllU ment, modern ap-
II ATP I n pointments and
nUltLui P erf . cc * cuisin-
" American and En-
San FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GUEAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic fcr the Sexual Organs, for both sexM.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th9 KisJ-
nys and Bladder. SelU on Us ow» merit*.
NABEB. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
123 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular*.)
ikirauLTY.
n*ni.S"VttLL-KN(VW"N AND RELIABLE OLD
I Specialist eure-iB'ood Poison, <Jonorrhceu.Gleet,
Strlctnro. t*?niliial\VeaUDeas. Imp«tenc«-»nd their
nllied Disorders, '.'.rn'.i on licenses of Me>>. free^
Over20years'»xper i eiice.T«»rm^r<»a.'»onabic. Honrt,
Oto.tdailyjSrnOtn^.aOev'Fs. Sand:>r.i.l0to 12. Connul-
t.Uion frei>n:i,:5.;cr >¦:;>¦ con:ii!ft;t;.a!. Call Of addfesa
P. ROSCOS SfSlLTY, 35. D.
SGJS Kearay St.. »an 3?mzn'.i»ca.CsP-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ST3. -RE-
tr.odeled and renovated. KINO. WARD 4
CO. European plan. IJooms. ioc to SI id day;
|S to |S week; $S to |C0 month. Freo baths: ho6
and ccld water every room: flra grates la every
roctn: elevator -ur.3 all night.
UU. X. HESS,
rCTASY ?aJM2 AJO i.TTJS.<U/-AiM > v*,
Teeth Floor. Room 1G15. Claus Spreckela Bite;
Telephona Brown 931.
Residence. SCI California St.. below PomlL
San Francisco.
r ¦ . ¦ . s
every
wholesome
girl
should have a
/^J^V bow
QJ> H-O
: Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal ,
I The Money-Saving I
Furniture and Carpet I
HOUSE. ji
I Making Home Inviting j
and cozy Is an art that the refined ,
housckeep«r studies. "VVe can help her !
if «he looks at our exquisite designs In i
Furniture for Parlor. Chamber or LI- i
brary. Our handsome dining-room Fur-s !
nlture. In Chairs. Tahles. Buffets and ;
Sideboards,' In carved .and quartered ¦
-r.akj^r,*.*- strictly UD-to-date. f
HOMES FURXIKHED COMPLETELY,
CASH OR. CREDIT. ¦
AH our jyooda nre marked In plain t
flpures. I
10 PER CENT DISCOUNT FOR CASH,
KRAGEN FURNITURE GO., !
10IS-I0I7 Market St., K
Op->o*«te Tay!or. !•
Tel, youth 371. (j