j French women always come to the front
when there is a riot or revolution In pro
gress. In the recent disturbances at Mar
seilles, when dockmen were stoning tho
soldiers, 200 women, some, with babies in
their arms, . took part in \ the. . denaonstra-*
tion.
different looking article then from the
battered relic: you see- before you. The
more "I examined it the more I was confi
dent it would stand the strain. I took the
candle out of it and felt' its point. It was
sharp as a needle. Striking It in .the soft
talc walls of the tunnel had not blunted it
in the least. - 1 • took the candles out of
the box, se\ the box on end and, with the
queerest mining implement ever heard of.
started to dig my way. to liberty.
. I. selected -the middle' of the -ceiling of
the tunnel, close to the face. The sharp
steel of the candlestick cut rapidly into
the soft talc, -and- lump after lump of it
became detached and fell to the floor of
the tunnel. After a. bit I could not reach
anyhlgher and, getting off the box I piled
all I had brought down into a heap,' put
"the. box .on it, climbed up and continued. I
kefct this. up for'hours before stopping to
•rest. When , I took my first "blow," as
miners • call it, the lower part of my body
.'was already disappearing through the ceil
ing.: I felt- much encouraged and, climb-
Ing "on to the box again, redoubled my
.efforts.-, *i' ,'/ "¦ >' :
/.The next move I made was to cut steps
>in; the^face of : the tnnnel for my feet,
bracing my ,b'ack against the jho'e I wc.3
boring. . I- continued tnis until the whole
; of my body : ha J disappeared. - I worked
-upward and -upward »n this way until I
'"was so exhausted: that "I could not raise
" my arms above "my bead. ' The candlestick
a.wlllow. wand t under the fearful
strain. I imposed upon it, but its' temper
i Was marvelous. .; It always straightened
. out » again. I could --tell,-" however, that it
r was ;- becoming • perceptibly _ blunted, I
ments. My entire lire .passed betore ma
In an endless panorama, in which .the
smallest • details were outlined with , the
mest vivid distinctness. I . recalled, with
the most minute particularity, every inci
dent of ;my boyhood. 'I found irivself ac
tually laughing at "details long since for
gotten. ;I knew that it was the hysterical
merriment • of "the insane which precedes
the final overthrow of . reason. : Was \ I
going mad? •_ \ ¦"', '.-. ; _.^ ¦ .
As reason reasserted herself and I began
to stow* a little' calmer I reviewed all 'the
actions of my . life, prayed^ fervently for
forgiveness ~ and .endeavored", to. prepare
myself for' the awful and : lingering death
which I now knew must: be inevitable. : I
moistened my parched throat and tongue
with a ,tiny i siD of \ water;* I'", could have
emptied the. canteen at a. draught, but
forebore. Hours passed. I judged-it must
be getting toward' nlgtitT"' Finding I- had
plenty of matches with me, I extinguished
my,. candle,' swallowed a morsel of bread,
lay down" and, utterly "-exhausted, fell" into
a~deep sleep. Fronx this I awoke feeling,'
strange, to say,' much calmer." Having fully"
prepared "myself to die,- it did not seem so
difficult. V_" -, ¦' -. .-_•;.. \ a .
. I sat thus in the total darkness for what
seemed- hours,- ruminating: on -the past-;
again, but I could: not -stand ; the terrible" '
loneliness of it, and- 1 struck^one of my'
matches with extreme care and: lit a can- •
die. 'I fell to counting the'candles in the
box mechanically, aod turning . them" over*
and over in my. hands.- There were eight
of them. I wondered if I should eat them
wheii rriy small stock of food wa* gone? It*
seemed ,a dreadful^waste. to burrr them,'/
but I concluded I. could better go hungry:
than be In the dark. ':• •."¦"',"'
"Suddenly I" sprang 'to my* feet.^for: an '
idea, ..-' like - an-- inspiration,^ had V flashed ;
across. my brain. -"The shatt! The-, shaft!"
I shouted, : just like;a crazy man arid/as .if
some one could ' hear me." ; . ;V >^ /• :
Rightv above, me. in- a J direct line/fwas
the • old shaf t.v I-_was in seventy-six feet,
andiVit; wail cunning , on an angle . of 35 de
grees-.' to 'ninety .;feet. >I ¦, had- 'intended
cutting it further -on and using 'it fas an
air shaft to my: mine. '.¦ Why not gopher. up
and strike itj^. '¦";". " - -. :
; The bareictea, .as its feasibility became
more j and '; more evident, /sent me.
wild. :.- Wild, j first . with j hopei \ second* with .
fear— fear that the shaft mlgh't; he 'too dis-;,
tant for me to reach .while '< my strength .
lasted.* , I , forced . myself ', tV be : calm,. how- '
ever, and j calculated that at. the most .the -
floor j of | the" incline - could ,: be , but . twenty j
feet above', the ceiling of 5 the tunnel. 1 < I
could gopher— or. make a hole; big enough.
for I campea some distance irom the tun
nel so as to be near a spring. Then I
groped around further in that narrow
chamber, and found some candles. I re
membered that on the evening previous
I had put tliem in the niche and covered
them u;> for fear of trade rats.
It is nuite impossible for me to accur
ately describe my feelings when I first
knew that I was entombed alive. After
the first awful shock had passed, a dull
despair took i>os.ses?ion of me. I stuck
my candle Into the wall and covered ray,
face with my hands. I groaned aloud.
My voice sounded Hke the wail of a lost
spirit In that living tomb, and I stopped
that. After a while my brain, which had
been whirling, became clearer, and I ba-,
gan to think.
I thought of my wife and two little'
children on Mission street — here in San .
Francisco. I could see her moving about
the little rooms, putting the humble,
household in order, and wondering'
whether I should make a strike and we;
should be reunited. Ah, when? It;
might be weeks before anybody ever (
came into the canyon, and years, perhaps,
before some prospector, in searcl* of.
pocket gold, should- clear away the debris ';
in the tunnel and find my remains.' I j
was nearly overwhelmed as I thought of:
all this, but by a desperate effort con- j
trolled my nerve? and set myself for the j
first time to see what could . be done to
extricate myself from my horrible posi- '
tion.
Almost the first thing that struck me
was that the air remained pretty fresh
in the chamber. I could tell this by the
candle burning with a steady, white light.
Had it become badly vitiated, the candle
would have been a sure indication. . I
knew then that some fresh air must, be
filtering its way through the fallen debris.
I made my way toward the. entrance
and stumbled over a short shovel at the
side of the drift. I picked up the shovel
and resolutely attacked the huge mass of
fallen earth that intervened between Vme
and liberty. I had not worked ten min
utes, however, before the hopefulness of
such an attempt became apparent. It was
evidently a heavy top-slide. As fast as
I removed the earth from t beneath, it was
replaced by fresh talc falling from above.
I was afraid that the talc might pack
so as to utterly exclude all the incom
ing air from the small chamber. In that,
case I should undoubtedly soon be suf
focated.' In the most frightful condition
of mind you can possibly conceive, . I
threw myself upon the ground and re
mained for some time almost insensible •
to my • surroundings. The sufferings of a
kfetim.* seemed compressed .into - mo- -
to admit my body and work in — four or
five feet a day. If I could last out for five
or six days I could surely effect my lib
erty. - : " .
Then I remembered I had no tools
nothing but. the shovel. I would have
given worlds for a pick and I looked
everywhere for one, but the search -was
quite/una vailing.
It was at this time, when about to yield
again to despair, that I thought of th.i
candlestick. I took It up and examined
it closely. I had made it myself of the
best Jessop steel. It was all In one piece,
and 1 was very proud of it. It was a very
climbed flown irom rr.y «opner note and.
while resting", sharpene-1 it on the shovel.
It was while thus engased that I dis
covered I was threatened by a new dan
ger. Loose dirt occupies about three
times as much space as dirt in place.
Thirteen cubic feet of quartz, for Instance,
will make a ten of ore in place in a. mine.
On the dump it may take thirty. My small
chamber was already a quarter filled with
the fallen talc. Nothing remained to be
done but pack it as closely aa possible. «o
I shoveled it up agatnst the intervening
barrier and tramped it as closely as I
could. When I had don* this, beinj?
completely worn out, I took a. small drink
of water and a mouthful of food, lay
down, blew out my candle and sank into
a long, dreamless sleep, the sleep which
generally follows exhaustion.
How many hours went by I do not
know. I had left my watch In tha tent and
had no means of telling day from night.
At last I was, awakened by a trade-rat
running across my face. I lit my candle
and saw it scuttle away through a crev*ce
toward the entrance of the tunnel. Some
how this little visitor from the outer
world greatly cheered me. I ate a llttl.j.
for I was already almost starving, and
drank moderately of the precious water,
which was rapidly diminishing in the can
teen. Then I climbed up into my hole and
resolutely set to work asain.
"When I again ceased my efforts from
sheer weariness, I had made In all eleven
feet from the ceiling of the tunnel. Cal
culating that an upraise of twenty feet
was necessary in order to reach the shaft.
I was a little more than half way. But
by this time, also, my provisions weie
practically exhausted, m*- water nearly v
all gone, and my worklrlg powers greatly
impoverished by the terrific strain I had
been under. Lisht was also absolutelv
necessary to me, and KJt three of my
precious candles remained. I resumed
work, putting out the candle whenever
resting, and relighting it again. For
tunately I had plenty of matches.
Hours of patient digging with tin
candlestick followed, with sleep at in
tervals. I was at this time sixteen feet
from the ceiling of the tunnel. The fallen,
dirt Lad reduced ths heigUt of the cham
ber in which I was confined from six feet
to a narrow coffin-like space in -which X
was barely able to sit upright. I did not
dare to expend much of my strength in
tamping the dirt so as to set more room.
I required It all for work in the uprise. I
was so weak I could hardly climb to tha
top of the hole. My water was entirely
gone. My fineers were worn to the bon®
with the friction of the steel candle
stick.
I felt the time of mv last effort for life
was~fast approaching.
Once more I attacked the too solid ceil
ing of my escape shaft. *
The fear began to grip my heart string*
with deathlike chill that I had missed the
shaft above. True, my gopher hoi© ran up
as straight as a die. but possibly the tun
nel I had run, although at the beginning
it had been started directly under tha
mouth of the old shaft— possibly the end
where I now was had diverged to the
right or left and I might not be directly
below the ending of the old shaft.
I felt with sinking heart that surely by
this time I must be on a level with the
old shaft. My God! My God! I might
be only two feet to the right or left and
yet as devilishly burled alive as though
I was two thousand feet below ground!
I felt I was going mad.
I began to curse, and in my agony beat
the narrow Walls of this death "hole with
my doubled fists.
, The talc responded with its usual soft,
dead thud. I might be within a foot of
liberty and such stuff as that would give
no indication of a hollow beyond.
• I threw myself against the ceiling and
with both hands jabbed at it with the
blunted candlestick. Crazily I sang as
the sailors do at work. The blood
streamed down my arms.
I ranted, I cursed, I prayed! My arms
seemed like great, helpless, dead weights
as I swung them, from the shoulders
frantically against that hellish piled earth
above.
•One last supreme effort! .Unconscious
ness was all but upon me! There was a
crumbling, a crushing, a downpouring or
talc. The shaft! The shaft! Thank God!
Thank God!
.1 thrust my hand upward and found
nothing but space. Madly I tore away the
talc from the edge cf the hole, and climb
ing up lay breathless on the slope of the
shaft. I was saved!
Up the incline I could see the opening
out into God's own green earth beyond.
Painfully I crawled toward the daylight.
Now I felt the revivifying breath of fresh
air. I was or.ee more on the world 'and
one of its people. • •.-¦¦•^r
It was high noon. The light dazzled me
—blinded me.
. I closed my eyes and staggered to my
feet. . -Z:- *
' I stretched my arms out and forward to
ward those: glad, warm rays of the sun.
Giddiness seized me and blackness over
whelmed me. With a cry I fell to the
ground and lay still and quiet.
- Finally consciousness . returned to me
sufficiently that I was able to drag my
self to the water hole.
. It was ten days before I could walk the
eighteen miles to Ballarat.
[JOUR as I am," protested Carl
•*¦ Kramer, as he pointed to a
timer's candlestick, "7 would not
take $ioo<? for that little piece
of steel, for n saved my life. For
five days and nights it was my only
hope for an escape from the most
horrible of deaths."
Big, burly and dccp-chcstcd xvhen
he went into the Panamint Valley in
search of gold three months ago,
Carl Kramer is to-day but the shad-
OW of his former self. His once
magnificent physique is wrecked;
his cheeks are hollow; his tycs
sunken; his hair is unnaturally
gray, in patches; his nerves are
shattered, and cz'cn his sleep is trou
bled b\ the shadozv of a great hor
ror — he dreams thai the past is re
peating itself and the tortures of
hell arc before him.
WHEN my claim up in Pleasant
Canyon played out, I and ray
partner, Robert Souies, began
looking about for something
else. We had heard that Shep
herd's Canyon was a good place for pock
et mining. It is about twenty miles south
west of EaKarat. There a <2ark streak
runs thrortgrh the Ii?ht-brown talo.
and when you strike one of those you
can alv.-ays count on finding string go'.l
in more or less quantities. Bob Souies
was a great believer in pocket mines, and
he talked so eloquently about them that
b" the time we made the canyon I was
almost as toil? an enthusiast on the sub
ject as Bob himpelf.
Bob said he bad his eye on a particular
place and when we had got settled in
camp he took me to an old inclined shaft
near the head of the canyon. This shaft
dippod into the h'llside at an angle of
about thirty-five degrees and it is im
portant to remember that, as it has n
peculiar bearing en the moot intqreating
part of my stcry. The shaft had been
punk to a de±>th of about ninety feet. We
explored it. and sure enough, at its face
v.e found a dark streak running throuK 1 .:
the brown talc. 1 wondered why the
parlies working it had abandoned it ani
Dob said they had heard of the Bower's
Hill strike and had gone off after some
thing- better.
Well, we both started in dead game
at first, but after a bit Bob Scu!es' cour
ape gfive out and one day he told me ne
was going to quit. 1 had faith in that
pocket mine, however, and determined t>
stay by it. But when Souies was gone
and 1 was left alone there was one prob
lem to face on which I had not reckoned.
How was I to both fill the bucket and
hoist the dirt from the bottom of that
pinety-foot shaft?
Of course 1 couldn't do it, so I hit on n
plan of running a tunnel lower down th-3
hill just under the shaft. 1 could then
intersect the shaft on a level with its
bottom, wheel my dirt out and sort !t
easily. Struck by the feasibility of this
plan I made myself a rough wheelbarrow
and started in. It was hard, blue dioritt
for the first forty feet. After that i
struck the brown talc and I made near
three feet a day.
I was seventy-six feet in when the ac
cident happened. It was about 9 o'clock
in the morning. I nad driven a hole in
the face, and had loaded it with blacK
powder. Just as 1 was putting in the fuse
there was a roar like thunder, a concus
sion of air that blew out my candle and
nearly carried roe off my feet. Before a
second had passed I realized th.»
prodigious disaster that had befallen
me. The roof of the talc tunnel, where it
was weakest, just at its junction with
the diorite, had caved in. What was the
extent of the slide? That was the ques
tion.
1 was very badly frightened, I confess
but for the first few minutes I kept my
nerves pretty welL I relit my candle and
started toward the entrance of the tun
nel. At a distance of less than ten feet
from the face the whole ceiling hal
caved. There was a solid mass of dam;i.
shiny talc, weighing unknown tons, be
tween me and liberty.
The horror of the thing overcame me for
a moment, as the desperate condition in
which I was placed flashed through my
mind. 1 was alone in the canyon. No one
but a solitary prospector on his way to
the upper levels of the Arg-us Range had
visited it In months. I was doomed to the
most horrible of deaths, from which there
was not the slightest hope of rescue. I
was buried alive in a tomb ten feet loner,
four wide and six high. I must remain
there and perish miserably of thirst and
starvation.
It is astonishing how a human being
clings to life. No sooner did this occur
to me than I began to look around to see
what I had in the way of water and pro
visions in the tunnel. I had been twenty
five years in the business and had never
yet neglected to take my canteen under
ground with me. Yes, it was there, in a
little niche. My. lunch was there, too,
HOW A CANDLE STICK
SAVED
MY
LIFEAlthough roe Is usually served simply
fried, as It is, it Is also good in the shape
of croquettes, and the6e are especially to
be commended when shad has been In
market Ions enough to be considered an
cvery-day matter.' The roe is first sim
mered in boiling salted water' for fifteen
minutes and then thrown Into cold water.
The skin is removed and the roe mashed.
A cup of scalded cream is mixed with the
yoiks of ..two eggs and thickened with
flour and. butter, cooked together, and the
roe added, with seasoning. When the mix
ture is cold it ?s formed into croquettes or
cutlets breaded, fried in a wire basket in
deep fat and served with sauce tartare
Harper's Bazar. .
chain of Chaix Hills, which, as It ap
proached the Malaspina Glacier, assumed
a- series of strange shapes which we were
no longer able to recognize. Their out
lines underwent changes before our. very
eyes, assuming. the forms of spires, bel
fries, minarets and architectural outlines
of fantastic cathedrals, all of which slow
ly appeared anil disappeared! to be suc
ceeded by buildings of lesser height, se
verely rectilinear. This proved to.be the
mirage known as 'The Silent City,' an op-,
tiral illusion 10 which this wide ice sur
face is prone in common with the burning
sands ot the desert. The marvelous spec-'
tacle continued throughout the , after
noon." ' ¦ • . ¦."¦¦¦ . -'. * .. v. t , , . .
Dr. Filippi's book contains no rcpresen-.
tatlon of the "Silent City," although it is
full of other photographs of Alaskan scen
ery. The 'image was too unsteady for a
camera to register. .-
Authorities are doubtlul of the claim
that ;the "Silent City" is a. reflection of
Bristol, England: It is believed that it
v would have to be reflected at too great a
distance. ¦ If the Vancouver expedition
brings Back a well-attested picture that
looks like the city of Bristol, one. will be
justified in timing stock in the notion of
identity. But not imt.il then.
¦ Practically all the writers on the theory
of the mirage hold that while the images
presented' to the observer's eye may oe
distorted and obscure they have a certain
basis in fact. They are representations
(accurate or inaccurate) of real things.
Napoleon's ariry crossing the sands, of
lower Egypt, saw remote villages, which
were yet below the horizon, lifted into
view.' At sea itisnot uncommon to detect
ships that are yet too far away to be seen
normally. Indeed, there are multiple im
ages, one above the other, and some cf
them upside down perhaps. But in spite
'of their. eccentricities there is a real ship
involved in" the phenomenon.
In some mirages there is great magni
fication of the objects-seen, but only in a
vertical direction. This effect is closely
allied to the apparent lifting of a scene
above its. true position or what sailors call
"looming.". For instance, a mirage once
je-.-t ot three tr!ps made to this locality In
as many years was to secure a photo
graph of the Silent City.' . .
Mr. Bruce further mentions the popular
suspicion that Willoughby's picture is a
"fake" and adds that he himself is under,
such obligations to the prospector that he
could hardly confess the. truth, even if he
had any doubts of his own. - .
¦ Whatever doubt may attach to the gen
uineness of the. picture, the rest of '. Wil
loughby's statement may be accepted
without hesitation, because there is plenty
of corroborative evidence. Independent
testimony of yreat value is that- offered
by Dr. Fillppo de Filippl. who .'accom
panied.-the Duke of Abruzzi to Alaska
In 1S97 and subsequently wrote an account
of the Italian expeditions to Mount St.
Eli-as. The Dulie and his companions had
reached the summit and had' descended,
part, of the -way when, night;, overtook
them. They encamped on ¦ the^ slope. With
returning, day they pushed on over the
MaluspJiiM; toward YaUutat Bay, where
.lay their ship.. The weather was line, but
Ihcro was a breeze. The air was not cairn,
and this fact, may partly, explain the im
perfection aiid unsteadiness of the rairage.
Dr. Fillppi says: . ¦
"The southern ridges of J.Iount St. Elias
stood out .clearly, "--jnerjjlng in the long
Bulldlrig ir* massive dimensions extend
ed in solid blocks as far as the eye could
reach.. Stately cathedrals rose almost
to the skies and his Imagination created
music that floated through the exquisite
stained-glass windows. The entire limits
of the city were confined within a halo of
light, dense, yet transparent; pouring its
" soft glow upon roof, and wall and window
in glorious transformation. /To' the. right
and left a range cf mountains, covereu
with the garb of winter, formed the back
ground.
.Within the whole length and breadth of
this boundless, city not one soul could be
seen. Net 'even a' shadow darkened the
light' for an instant. All was silent as
the grave, when suddenly the vision be
gan to move away. With an Irresistible
impulse Willoughby started forward. But
as he hastened the city seemed to recede
with even ; pace. Gradually, though he
quickened his steps::;ti> ; -_; get •within the
silent portals before it* was too '.late, it
was lost to view.
Willoughby liade three successive. Jour
neys to the place in a canoe with natives."
each time photccraphing the phenomenon.
But the plate'' exposed the third year. 'so
Willoughby claimed, proved upon develop
ment the only one that contained a pic
ture of the city. He said that the c|ty al
ways appeared as if suspended" in the air,
just in front of the Fairweather range of
mountains. The atmosphere was so clear
that the peaks many miles to the north
were distinctly seen. . ... •;:...
Mr. Bruce, who has written articles on
Alaska mines, spent six weeks with Wil
loughby in exploring Glacier Bay. One
day they ascended the side of a" mountain
to a level spice affording' a glorious view
of the whole bay. Willoughby led the way
to a pile of rocks, laid carefully one upon
another to a height of about -'.five feet:
Slowly he commenced to throw off rock
after rock until an opening was made in
the center and, inserting his arm, he drew
out what appeared to be a scroll or book
made from several leaves of birch bark.
It was badly, mildewed and upon unrolling
it a-pencil fell to the' ground. The half
dozen pages' looked bright, however, and
contained a record stating that the ob-
nia began to setva down things grew too
humdrum for young Willoughby and he
drifted along the Fraser River, Cariboo
and Cassiar mining camps; then over
the border into Southern Alaska. .
It was in 3887 that Willoughby created a
sensation and gave newspapers a good
story by exhibiting a picture which he
claimed to have taken of a mirage. The
s=tory which Willoughby told in- Juneau
was substantially as follows:
One morning while asleep in his tent a
native called to him excitedly to "get up."
Looking to the north he saw a strange
looking object' hanging over the sides of
the mountain and following the direction
of a stream or glow, of light, which seemed
to radiate from the range sguarely down
upon the glaciers at the head of the bay.
Gradually it became more distinct and
soon assumed the appearance of a city of
immense proportions, stretching out
into the distance until Us farthermost
limits were lost to view.
most important of thoss aquatic wondt-rs
is the floating island of the berutifui
Lake of Derwentwatcr. It is situated !n
the southeast corner of the. lake, almost
within the sound of the Falls of Lodore:
it never changes its location, but dives to
the bottom or rises to the *; surface, ac
cording to the dictates ol the mysterious
law that moves It. In connection with
that curious island there Is a supplemen
tary phenomenon called "the' bottom
wind," a local subaqueous agitation that
rudely ruffles the water at certain times
in that particular part cf the lake. The
periods of the rising of the island have
been irregular and uncertain; It has com>
to the surface In two successive years:
at other times if has been In hiding for
seven or eight years, and then made its
appearance at the end of an exceptional
ly warm, dry season. Its figure and ex
tent are variable; ft sometimes comprises
an acre, entirely covered with a sort of
peat moss vegetation- It appeared In
the first year of the century. , and then
sank for eight years, when it rose to the
surface for three months, and 1 hen van
ished until 1S13, when It again paid a six
weeks' visit and returned to its bed until
1S15; then «xperiments proved that it was
charged with a mixed, gas cr nitrogen,
carburetted hydrogen, and carbonic acid,
hence it was surmised that the formation
of this gas In greater or lesser quantity
determined the gravity or buoyancy of
this curious island. Phenomena • of:
this kind axe familiar objects In Cumber
land, for In Esthwalte Lake a natural
floating island has aosn used as a ferry
capable of holding- fifteen persons. — Even
ing Standard. . . • .
g3 INCE its first discovery in 1889. Fa<
—^ con Island of the Tonga group, ia
£5=^ the South Pacific, has played hide
and-seek from its mysterious bcJ
beneath the waves. With tantalizing reg
ularity It has belied the ocean charts by
(surreptitiously swooping to its native
deeps from the wondering ken of the puz
zled mariner. It has been missing sino
1898. and now it has emerged once mon
In the form of a huge whale. This un
stable characteristic of Falcon Island 13
one of the family of peculiar phenomena
¦which have been the fruitful core cf
many a ghostly ocean legend and the
foundation of natural fact on which have
been built interesting phases of the fairy
lore cf lake and sea. These Will-o'-thc
.. r isp bits of ocean land have caused dis
comfiture to the mariners of the sixteenth
and seventeenth centuries and the loc
tlon of numbers of vanished islands have
place in all or most of ihg maps of those
periods.
As late as the year 1700 an English "shin
returning Jrom Newfoundland, near lati
tude 50 degrees north, discovered an isl
and hitherto unknown, which not only
appeared fertile, but was covered with
fields and woods, but, hindered by a vio
lent surf, the boat's crew failed to secure
a landing. So convinced were the cap
tain and sailors of the reality of their
discovery that ships were chartered In
London to explore the island, but the
6earch was fruitless— the fugitive 1 lan.l
had again vanished. Like Falcon Island,
it may have been a volcanic upheaval,
a theory supported, perhaps by the ex
treme agitation of the surrounding water.
It is a remarkable coincidence that, since
as early as the ninth century, there is a
circumstantial record of the discovery o*
an island by Irish and Danish fishermen
about the same place, midway between
the coasts of Ireland and Newfoundland.
From that period to the fourteenth cen
tury it was frequently seen by the Eng
lish and French fishermen and mariners,
but It eluded all their attempts to Ian I
on it— in fact, it was the sea serpent
sensation of those centuries. In Erse- !t
was called Flath Innis. .or the Noble Isl
and; by the Anglo-Saxons, Icockane, or
the country of the waves; and by the
Irish, French and Spanish it was known
as Brasil and Asomanda. or the Island
of Ghosts. But so confident were the
peographers of the sixteenth and seven
teenth centuries of the presence of land
In the particular spot of the Atlantic that
it Is marked on the maps of the period.
It may have been a volcanic part of
the ocean bed. whose active period cov
ered those early centuries till the seven
teenth, when we have the latest circum
stantial record of its aspearance. or It
may have been a Fata Morgana, such as
that described by Commodore Byron in
his voyage round the world, where ha
tells of a phantom island in high Southern
latitude with capes and mountains that
deceived his most experienced mariners.
But to ccme closer to facts, we find that
among the most familiar wonders in phe
nomenal islands are toose buoyant lands
that rise to the water surface, or sink to
the bottom by means of some hidden
evolution of • natural law. One of th» .
*7Y PARTY of scientists arc prepar
f | ir.g to leave Vancouver for Alaska
I I nest June in order lo stuOy the so-
I called "Silent City" mirage. One
of the members cf the expedition,
I. W. Thompson, is now In Snn Francisco,
en route to Vancouver. He has been
studying somo of the famous southern
desert mirages and will shortly publish an
ecccum of his Investigations.
Mr. Thompsrn has mrule a previous trip
to Alaska to gather rr.irageclnta. In fact
he stayed in tho locality of C!aciFr Bay
several v.eeks. hrvinq r o catch a g-ilmp?e
of the "Silent City." but va? not re
warded with a Eight "f the phenomenon.
However, he in no wise questier:? the as
sertions of others who have claimed that
they have seen the "Silent City" mirage.
The consensus of opinion is tr>".t this
mirage, which resembles the city of
Bristol, is only occasionally visible.
"I spoke with C. W. Thornton of Seat
tle about it last year." said Mr. Thomp
son, "and he said 'that the mirage re
quired no effort cf the imagination to
liken it to a city, but was so distinct and
plain that It required faith, instead, to be
lieve that It was not in reality a city.'
Mr. Thornton was one of the members of
the Duke of Abruzzi party, which scaled
Mount St. Elias in ISS7."
The Silent City mirage has been a sub
ject of much discussion during- the last
ten or twelve years. It was first ex
ploited by "Professor" Willoughby. one
of the early California pioneers, who
piloted Professor Muir's vessel to the
Alaska glacier which new bears the lat
ter'6 name. Willoughby is said to have
made more extensive explorations in
Southern Alaska and to have had more
stirring adventures than any other man
in the frozen fields of the north.
Willoughby came to California -with the
•49ers when a mere boy. When Califor-
PHENOMENAL ISLANDS THAT
PLAY HIDE AND SEEK.
THE VILLAGE OF NAZARETH OF
THE PRESENT DAY.
Copyright, 1901, by the Christian Herald.
J7 : <t NTOUCHED throughout the ¦ long
H ; Jj centuries by the Irreverent hand of
\=& modern progress, the East is at last
yielding up its ancient forms and
usages before the march of Western im
provement. Already railroads- and tele
graphs thread the valleys and plains of
Palestine, and modern hotels have sprung
up in some of. the oldest and most ven
erated places mentioned in sacred history.
Across the ancient battlefields, where
once the hosts of IsraeP, with "their
chariots and their horsemen," contended
with their enemies, the iron steed of civili
zation now goes puffing and snorting, with
its car loads of passengers, to the dismay
of those natives who are not yet quite
accustomed to the new order of things.
From Damascus to Jerusalem Is no longer
a tedious caravan journey, for one can go
comfortably by rail- in a few hours. So
rapidly is the network of shining rails
extending, that soon the Holy Land will
be a comparatively simple problem for the
tourist in comparison with the days when
the awkward cam el back was the popular
style of travel.
Even Nazareth, the beautiful little vil
lage In the hill country, "where Jesus was
brought up." has not escaped the modern
invasion. Nazareth has now its telegraph
office, whpre an Armenian operator, in
ordinary European dress, keeps the vil
lage community, in touch with -the great
world. "When the proprietor of the Chris
tian Herald visited Nazareth, during /hjs
tour of the Holy Land, he handed - to. th$
operator the first cable message ever filed
there for transmission ¦ to the United
States. The operator hesitated, and de
clined to receive it. After telegraphing to
Eeyrout; however, to ascertain the rate,
he sent the message, which speeding from
the little curtained office in Nazareth,
clicked its way to its destlna.tion in Xew
York.
Dr. N. K. Jamel.-a native of Palestine,
now in this country, but who has lately
revisited his own land, has furnished to
the Christian 'Herald this interesting
description of Nazareth as it is to-day:
"As the town is approached from the
south. It presents a very pretty sight, nes
tled along the brow and slope of a hill,
facing directly east, and the spotless white
buildings looking refreshingly picturesque.
The quaint, odd-looking dwellings with
their fiat roofs are here and there Inter
spersed with red-tiled slanting roofed
buildings— the tiles fresh from the, .fac
tories of Marseilles, . France. As Oriental
cities go, Nazareth Is remarkably clean £
and healthy; in fact all who visit th«j
town are loud In their praises on that'
score.
"During harvest time, between June and
August, the first sight that meets the eyea
of whoever enters the town from the
south Is a great threshing floor. This Is
a perfectly level .twenty-acre , piece ot
ground, where the newly reaped crops. ot
wheat, barley and lentils are gathered In
sheaves and piled in separate heaps, each
being of larger or smaller proportions ac
cording as it represents an Individual
farmer's harvest returns for the season.
As the heaps stand thus, they are ready
for threshing, which process Is performed
by leveling ofT the borders of th© pile tc
a depth of one foot and a width of five to
six feet. Then horses, asses or mules are
driven or ridden, singly or in pairs, round
and round the heap, grinding and tramp
ling underfoot the grain out of. the ears
and the stalks Into chaff until the heap
Is thoroughly threshed. It Is then gath
ered up and removed separately, and.an
other part of the heap is leveled off for
the threshing process. This Is kept up
until all the heap is done, when the new
iy threshed pile.l3 fit for winnowing. This
work is very tedious, aa In fact are all th«
various departments of field labor in Pal
estine, for the farmers are destitute of
every vestige of machinery or labor sav
ing apparatus that are used by more for- V^
tunate peoples. In spring, the threshing
floors afford unsurpassed facilities fo?
camping, on account of their being secure
ly sheltered from all winds by the sur
rounding hills and elevations. Anybody
•who has experienced the' hardships of
camp life during- wind and storm wlll : ap
preciate a sheltered spot.
"A very conspicuous building In Naza
reth is the English Orphanage, which was
erected under the auspices of the Female
Educational Society in England in 1S75.
and conducted by that society until 1S09.
¦when it was turned over to the manage
ment of the Church Missionary Society.
This school provides for the education of
poor orphan girls from Nazareth and Its
vicinity, and affords a home for them.
These eighty to one hundred girls ara
taught English and Arabic, grammar,
reading: and writing, arithmetic, geogra
phy, history, housekeeping, sewing and
fine needle work. The staff of teachers
Includes five English ladies and six na
tive assistants.
"The common belief, In other lands, Is
that snow never falls in the Holy "Land,
This, however, is not the case. The win
ters are occasionally quite severe in Pal
estine, and heavy snow storms are noth
ing unusual in the elevated parts of th«
country. The brow of the hill on which
stands the Nazareth Orphanage Is nearly
17Q0 feet above sea level."
castles, obelisks and spires and the land
presents extraordinary features. In some
places the distant ice is so extremely ir
regular arul appears so f;s!l of pinnacles
that It resembles a forest of naked trees.
Othera look like cities crowded with
churches, castles and public r Jiflces.
But the Silent City of Alaska, suspend
ed in mid. air. with Its huge buildings of
beautiful and imposing architecture whose
spires and buttresses strongly suggest >ha
cathedrals of the Old "World, is the mirage
of mirages, according- to those who should
know.
This Arctic mystery has lensr been a
subject cf interest for laymen and sci
entists. It is a matter of congratulation
that it is to be thoroughly studied by com
petent students of the mirage. Every pos
sible effort will be made to photograph
the "Silent City" and the. world can credit
any result offered by this expedition.
Mr. Thompson says that there will be
four or five in the party, not counting na
tive guides, and that they will remain at
Glacier Bay until they have completed
a satisfactory investigation of the mir
age. Every modern device of photography
will be carried along to Insure a photo
graph'if it is within the realms of possi
bility. An actual photograph will do more
to establish the Identity of the reflection
than any mere sketch could possiblv af
ford. Yet one of the members of the ex
pedition will be an artist who will en
deavor to make his pencils accomplish
what the camera falls to catch. Should
the "Silent City" appear even for one en
tire afternoon, as it did for the Duke of.
Abruzzi party, the artist ought to have
little difficulty in sketching a counterfeit
presentment of the "Silent City."
There Is every hope that this Vancouver
expedition will bring back valuable data
about the mirage, if not an actual photo
graph of the "Silent City."
showed people at Hastings. England, the
French coast near Boulogne, forty or fifty
miles away. The curvature of the earth
is here sufficient to hide one city from the
other under ordinary conditions.
Professor J. D. Everett of Belfast, Ire
land,- In a lecture delivered over a quar
• ter of a century ago, dwelt at length on
the false ideas of nearness and the dis
¦tortlon of form that results from looming.
"This vertical mazniflcation is shown in
cliffs and icebergs at sea," said he, "and
produces an effect of pinnacles, spires,
columns and basaltic cliffs. The mag
nificent columns which constitute a part
of the Fata' Morgana (a mirage) in the
•Strait of Messina are in like manner to
be attributed to vertical magnification.
An appearance of the same kind, known
as the 'Merry- Dancers,' is often seen by
boatmen off the Giant's Causeway."
Spectacles of this same kind are also
frequently seen on the coast of Greenland.
Hummocks of ice assume the form of
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
WILL
LOOK
FOR
THE
"SIL
ENT
CITY
MIRAGE"
A financier Is a man who collects an th«
money due him and stands off every bH2
collector that calli on him.Bill (fishing in a leaky boat)— I say, old
man, there must be a hole In the bottom
of this boat.
Jill (rolling up his trousers)— Then why
don't this water run out?— Yonkers States
man,
Freshlelgh— Pray, how did you become
ossified?
Ossified Man — In my youth I was nice
and soft like you: when I grew up and '
realized what a cruel world this Is I be
came hardened.— Ohio State Journal. »- '1
COVER the bottom of a broad baking
dish an inch deep with mashed po
tatoes, seasoning well with salt,
pepper, and butter. Smooth the top,
then with the back of a spoon make hol
lows all over it. Set in a hot oven for ten
minutes, take out and break -a fresh egg
in each of the hollows. Sprinkle the egg
surfaces lightly with* salt and pepper,
put a^blt of butter on each and return to
the oven. Cook fifteen minutes, longer if
the eggs are wanted hard. Five minutes
cooks the whites and settles the yolk
Serve piping hot. A variant is to mix bits
of cold meats, especially cold boiled ham,
through the potatoes and season the mix
ture with lemon juice or pepper vinegar.
Coldslaw goes well as a relish for this.
MAGIC EGGS— These make much fun
for a children's party. . Choose a dozen
smooth, sightly potatoes, Jongish and big
ger than the fist. -Wash them well, cut a
hole on £he side opposite that which lies
levelest and hollow out inside a space
just big enough to hold an egg. Salt and
pepper the cavities, then break an egg in
each, put on the potato lid, tie it in place
and bake until done. If any egg runs out,
remove it before serving. Pass the pota
toes simply as potatoes — the fun comes in
the little people's amazement ¦ at finding
¦the egg inside. Another way to make
surprise eggs is to break the shells of a
half dozen very carefully, leaving them
together at one edge, and not splintering
them, then to whip three whites as light
as possible, adding a pinch of salt and
a very little powdered sugar, fill the egg
shells, fit them . together, tie them and
bake in a very slow oven. With care they
will look to be entirely whole. The froth
inside is always a source of delicious sur
prise.
EGGS ON TOAST— Cut the crust from a
stale loaf, slice evenly, toast the slices,
butter them lightly, and arrange on a
baking sheet. Break a fresh egg on each
slice, sprinkle thickly with grated cheese,
add a little salt and red pepper and bake
in a very quick oven to whatever hardness
is preferred. . Make a sauce by frying a
Spanish onion sliced thin in two ounces
of butter, and when tender stirring into
it a pint can of tomatoes. Season to taste
with saltand pepper, and a little sugar,
and just before serving the strained juice
of a lemon.' ''/'".' .
BAKED . EGGS-^Cut the .crust from a
stale loaf and sMce the crumb rather less
than an inch thick. Butter the slices well
on both sides and line the bottom of a
baking dish with them. Break three fresh
eggs over them, sprinkle in salt and pep-*
per, put in another layer of buttered
bread, break more eggs and finish with
bread over the top. Take care not to
break the egg yolks, and to lay the upper
slices so lightly as not to mash them.. The
bread ought to bean Inch below the dish
rim. . Now pour over the bread a can of
tomatoes that have been mashed through
a sieve and seasoned ¦ with salt, pepper, a.
little sugar, and :a suspicion of onion
juice. ¦Cook for-half an hour. in a hot
oven. Serve wJth cress arid cut lemon.
HERE ARE NINE AND ORIGINAL WAYS TO COOK EGGS.
' AN; EGG BORDER—Boil half a dozen
eggs twenty minutes, drop in cold water,
peel, and keep warm. Make a thick bor-
der of good, well-seasoned mashed pota-
toes around the edge of a platter, press
the eggs Into the border, points up, and
set In a hot .'oven for three minutes.- Fill
the center with, string beans boiled and
buttered, or. young carrots stewed in mut-
ton brothi or Brussels sprouts, boiled very :
tender. Or the rilling may be of cold
meat, cut in dice and heated with a can of
.••.. - " ,•>¦ _., •.-• ... jj
button mushrooms. Whatever it is, add
it Quickly, garnish the border outside with
sprigs of cress, and serve very. hot. .This
is a handsome, as well as substantial dish
for luncheon or supper, and not unworthy
consideration for a Sunday tea. '
EGGS WITH' OLIVES^-Boil the eggs
hard, peel them,'flatten the big end so
they will stand, and in the small one cut a
deep narrow, hole just big enough to hold
a baby olive. Put in the olives, stand the
eggs'in'a bed'of crisp, lettuce leaves, and
pour over them a French'dressing mada
with three tablespoonfuls of oil -to one of
vinegar or lemon juice, a little dry mus
»tard, sugar, salt and white pepper,
. FRITTERS—Beat three eggs very light
with a pinch of salt, add butter the size of
ah egg," a pint of sifted flour, and a pint
of rich milk. ..Mix smooth; then' drop by
spoonfuls into deep boiling-hot lard, fry
a light brown, skim out,' lay in a hot dish,
and gprinkIe with fine sugar. Keep the
djsn not untn the fryl ~ ,„ done Sefve
at once with more sugar, and good claret,
. ...,* , w
-the eaters making sirup thin or thick.to
please themselves.'
PANCAKES —Make_ batter as for frit
ters, only, using a double amount of milk,
It must be ¦ thin enough to run-freely.
Have a hot griddle,-well greased; and
barely cover.' Sprinkle ' each' pancake
with sugar as it is taken off, rgllit up,
and, lay it on a hot dish. Serve with a
sauce, of creamed butter and sugar beat
en smooth in warm wine, either sherry or
claret. .
crow, a dead sparrow hawk, which a
farmer had hung up to frighten away
winged ravagers of his crop. In the pocket
oi an old jacket hanging in a barn a bird,
also a wren, made Its nest, which, when
discovered, contained five eggs. It was
a robin that raised a young family in a
church, pew, and a robin also that built
is. nest in the organ pipes of a church.
Places of - worship have ' always been
favorite building places for birds.— New
York Sun. ¦¦'_:'¦-- '' -'
The Grand Duke of Hesse is skilled with
the needle, and his embroidery is said to
be beautiful.: He takes the greatest in
terest In his work'and Is particularly clev
er in the arrangement of colors. He has
a very artistic, nature/as he is devoted
to music, dancing and acting, but he does
not care much about - more active pur
suits, though he both shoots and rides.
— Chicago Chronicle.
Peanut crisp — Have ready one cup of
peanut powder, made by rolling the
skinned peanuts on a hard board till fine
like meal. Then put them on a pan and
keep hot. Have also a shallow pan well
buttered near by on the range. Put one
heaped cup of granulated sugar In an ome
let pan over the fire and let it melt quick
ly. When all melted, add the peanut pow
der and turn directly Into the hot pan.
When cold break it into convenient pieces.
half perfect.
white of one egg with an equal amount of
cold water,, add one teaspoon of lemon
juice, and when well blended stir In suf
ficient confectioners' sugar to make a stiff
dough. Knead it smooth. Have ready a
number of perfect walnut meats. Take a
portion of the cream about the size of a
nutmeg, roll till smooth and round, then
flatten slightly and press the halved wal
nut meats on each side, letting the cream
show slightly, between the meats. Pecans
may be used in the same way if care be
taken to have the largest nuts and each
hand to a thin oblong large enough ten
cover the grape, and the dough should be
soft enough to enable you to work it over
the grape without showing the Joining.
Keep them in a cool place until wanted.
These are attractive arrayed In varied
colors and are ' very* delicious. They re
quire, less care than when covered with
fondant.
French fruit candy— Put one-half cup of
cream and two cups of powdered sugar In
a smooth granite kettle, and bring it to>
the boiling point. Then let It boll five
minutes, counting from the time it boils
all over the surface. Remove the pan to
another pan of cold water and beat until
it is stiff enough to hold candled fruit
without its settling. Have ready one
fourth pound of a mixture of French
candied fruit, cherries, pineapple, apricots
and angelica, all cut fine, not chopped.
Stir, this in gradually, and then pour tha
mixture into a shallow pan, buttered or
lined with paraffin paper. When cold and
firm cut in small cubes. If a tinted candy
is desired stir in carefully a little of the
color paste of the shade needed.
Pecan and walnut creams— Mix the
WHOLESOME CANDY RECIPES.
FRUIT and nut paste — Take equal
parts of best raisins, dates and figs
and half as much nuts, or on© cup
laga grapes, free from blemish or mois
ture, removing the stem. Take a small
portion of the dough and work it in the
each of the three fruits and one and
a half cups of nuts, measured after pre
paring. Remove the seeds from -the rais
ins, the stones and scales from the dates,
the stems from' the figs, and the shells
from the nuts; the brown skin also If al
monds or peanuts are used. One variety
or a mixture of nuts may be used. The
nuts should be ground through the fine
blade of the meat-chopper, and then
rubbed with a pestle to a paste; the rais
ins and dates also should be minced fine,
and If you want it especially nice you may
rub the figs' through a sieve fine enough
to keep back the seeds. Mix all very thor
oughly, then turn it on a board in a bed
of confectioner's sugar and.knead.it until
firm enough to roll out. Roll part of it
one-half inch thick and cut in half -inch
cubes with a sharp knife,, and part of it
one-fourth inch thick and cut hi rounds
with the smallest patty cutter. Dip the
roller and the cutter In the sugar to pre
vent the paste from sticking. Roll the
cubes and disks in the sugar until weil
covered, then put away between the lay
ers. These will keep some time in air
ticht tin boxes.
Candied grapes — Make the uncooked
candy mixture with equal parts of the
wbite of egg and cold water and confec
tioner's sugar sufficient to make a stiff
dough. Flavor it with vanilla and tint It
a pale green with color paste. You may
divide the dough into portions and color
each as desired. • Have the firmest Ma-
BIRDS without wings are found In
New Zealand and Australia. Kiwi
Is the name of one species. Beauti
ful mats are made of the featheis
of the white variety, but It takes ten
years and more to collect enough feathe s
to make even a small mat, which would
%z\\ for about $150.
Birds without song belong to Hawaii.
In Honolulu one sees a bird about the size
of the robin, an Independent sort of fel
low, that walks about like a chicken, ln
cte&d of hopping like a well trained bird
of the United States, and It has no song.
A bird that walks and swims, but does
sot fly, la the penguin. No nests are made
by penguins, but the one egg laid at a
time by the mother is carried about under
her absurd little wing or under her leg.
The largest of flight birds Is the Cali
fornia vulture or condor, measuring from
tip to tip nine and a half to ten" feet, and
exceeding considerably in size the true
condor of South America. The bird lays
but cne egg each season— large, oval.
ashy green In color, and deeply pitted, so
distinctive In appearance ""that it cannot
be confounded with any other.
The California condor Is rapidly ap
proaching extinction, and museums all
over the world are eager to secure livln-j
specimens. It is believed that there is
only* one in captivity.
Another large bird Is the rhinoceros
bird, which is about the size of a turkey.
One recently shot on the Island of Java
had in its crop the rim from a small tele
scope and three brass buttons, evidently
belonging to a British soldier's uniform.
A bird which is swifter than a horse 's
the road runner of the Southwest. Its
aliases are the grounu cuckoo, the lizaiij
bird and the snake killer, snaices being a
favorite diet. In Northern Mexico, West
ern Texas and Southern Colorado and
-.-jjfomia. Jt is found. The bird measures
about two feet from tip to tip and Is a
dull brown In color. Its two legs are on y
about ten inches long, but neither hordes
with their four legs, nor hounds, nor
electric pacing machines are in It fur
swiftness when it comes to running.
Most curious are the sewing or tailor
birds of India-little yellow things mt
much larger than one's thumb. To es
cape falling a prey to snakes and
monkeys the tailor bird picks up a dead
leaf and flies up into a high tree, and.
with a fibre for a thread and its bill fo
a needle sews the leaf onto a green one
hanging from the tree; ' the sides are
ee-Red up. an opening being left at the top.
That a nest Is swinging In the tree no
snake or monkey or even a man would
suspect.
Many a regiment cannot compare In
perfection of movement with the flight of
the curlews of Flortfla, winging their way
to their feeding grounds miles away, all
In uniform lines. In unbroken perfection.
CURIOUS FACTS ABOUT BIRDS.
The curlews are dainty and charming
birds to see. some pink, some white.
Birds In flight often lose their bearing?,
being blown aside from their course by
the wind. In this case they are as badly
off as a mariner without a compass in ;¦
strange sea on a starless night.
All very young birds, by a wise provi
sion of nature, are entirely without fear,
until they are able to fly. The reason of
the delayed development of fear is that
being unable to fly, the birds would strug
gle and fall from their nests at every
noise and be killed. Suddenly, almost In
a day, the birds develop the sense of fear
when their feathers are enough grown so
that they can fly.
It is always a source of wonder to,
Arctic explorers 'to find such quantities
of singing birds within the Arctic circle
They are abundant beyond belief. But thd
Immense crop of cranberries, crowberr' •£
and cloudberries that ripen In the North
ern swamps account for the presence of
the birds.
A stick of wood seven Inches long an \
a quarter of an inch In diameter was once
taken from a wren's nest. It is very sin
gular that so small and delicate a bird
should use such rough material with
which to construct its nest. If an eagie
should use material proportioned to 1-s
size Its nest would be made up of fence
rails and small saw logs.
The extraordinary situations In which
nests are found occasionally almost give
one the Impression that birds must be
endowed with a sense of humor. For in
stance, a wren built its nest upon a scare-
. Sometimes it takes the speaker longer
to clear his throat than It does to clear
the hall.
At the command two dozen knees were
drawn up on half as many chests. With
this position as headquarters the kicking
began. Up flew the right legs to the
count of four, then the left, then alter
nately, then both toget v A pp.ir of slim
inal in ribbon or beit or stockings. Every
leg is bloomered.
diverse ways of fulfilling the injunction of
"perfect freedom." Some wear blouses
fancifully braided. Others look as if
they were going in for work, and the se
verest black or blue flannel blcuse serves
them. Red sweaters are seen here and
there clinging ciose to lithe young figures.
Most of the girls show a glimpse of card-
again extent.. 1 ... the leg was another ex
ercise. Then came a combination of the
two— draw up the knee, kick straight in
the air, return to chest, straighten leg, In
four counts. By the time this had been
finished with both legs together there
were a dozen puffing girls ready for a few
geconds' rest.
When they had their breath back they
it seems that this Is not as easy.as when
standing. Try and see. t
Another knee exercise consisted of ex
tending the legs, then bending them, while
fiat on the floor, by drawing up the feet.
This evidently was.' easy, but when it
came to drawing up the knees half way
to the chest and swinging the bent legs
about In circles there was much toppling
considerable. McCulloch estimates
It at i% per cent of the total amount In
circulation, or £7,500.000 for gold and sil
ver combined. On this basis It may bo
calculated that the annual loss which ac
tually takes place in gold alone by wear
and tear is about £4,000,000. Gold is lost
in many other ways, vast quantities are
hoarded (especially In foreign countries),
and a large proportion of this Is subse
quently lost, as shown by the quantity of
treasure-tfove which comes to the sur
face every year, though it probably rep
resents but a small part of that which
has been concealed, and every ship which
founders at sea takes a certain amount of
gold with it, which may amount anywhere
from a few pounds to millions, if it hap
pens to be laden with the precious metal.
The amount of gold required annually In
the arts is estimated at £16.000,000, and, as
this calculation was made a few years
ago, when the annual production was
about £24,000,000, it follows that the
amount used in this way is about double
that which is used as currency.—Cham
bers' Journal.
Annual jCoss of Sold,
THE annual loss of gold is very great.
The amount of gold currency lost
annually by wear and tear alone Is
little red-stockinged ones at the end did
not kick straight and they were repri
manded therefor. - '
"The knees must be perfectly straight
ened," was the injunction.
Drawing up the knees on the chest and
-¦¦¦/-* ' . i. 1 ! > '.?-¦- ' .
KICKING as a "cure-all. How does
that strike you? The sirls down at
Stanford are hard at it. They are
kicking vp'ward and downward an<f
forward ar.d backward and side
ward. All ihis. maid you; while they ar
rclli:!s about en the floor like a. loi. o
trojicrome kittens.
Stanford calls this system of exercise its
•'mat work." It comes un.ier the head
cf regular ry^rasiam work and every
frirl who registers; for the "gycX' courr;e
gives to it a good fh^.re of her time. It
has been goir-g on there long cnoush now
for results to show, ar.d Mi.ss March, the
Instructor, believes that there is no end
to the good done by the ry stem.
It* origin seems to bave been right here
In our midst, and it v.H! 'oe a feather In
Stanford's cap if she succeeds in making a
fad of a system all her o^'n. M;.-s March
says that to the best of her knowledge a
private gymnasium in Boston is the \>nlj
one giving any work that is at all similar
Dr. Wood. Stanford's physical tiirectoi
worked out some of the exercises and
Miss March continued to invent along his
lines.
"The work is largely experimental as
yet," she says. "We are making new
exercises all the time and improving upon
old ones. Until we get them in perfect
order and are able to give satisfactory di
rections for all the exercises we don't
vrant to publish instructions in them."
So not until Dr. Wood's return will any
manual of them be issued. In the mean
time you can get some idea of v/hat the
¦work means by visiting "Itoble Gym," as
Btanfordites name it, and watching the
sections at work on the big. hard gymna
sium mattresses that don't soften the floor
to any marked degree.
"The mats ought to be hard," the In
structor says. "Never take the exer
cises on a springy couch or bed. It gives
to your every motion and small benefit is
derived."
A dozen girls were at It yesterday.
Miss March led them upstairs to the gal
lery and gave them orders to spread them
selves out. They lay side by side In a
panting row, for they had come from hard
tugging at the pulley weights, and the
mat wcrk was ordered to "rest them."
"It may sound queer to call it rest, but
you try it yourself and see," Miss March
trays "It gets the girls off their feet
and' that Is 'one of its great advantages."
"Ready!" she cried, and the girls took
position in an even row. straight out and
liiit i.n their backs, with arms down at the
sides. It was easy to see at a glance that
they had been taught to relax. The mat
Lore tlieir entire vreight and there was not
a tcr : e muscle to be seen.
Breathing came first. Splendid, long
breaths they took, that you could see
heav:i:g them up and down like waves on
a sea. With hands resting lightly on the
chest they breathed only chest-deep.
tritti hands at the waist they breathed all
the way down to the abdomen, as an ani
mal does.
"Alv.ays be sure to start off with plenty
of breathing," they were told. "It puts
you in good form for the other exercises."
Then came the greatest exhibition of
kicking ever Been outside a baby show.
There lay the girls in all sorts and condi
tions of costumes, for the only require
ment In regard to gym suits is that they
be sklrtless an-1 corsetless. The girls have
on the neck. Even with tills warning,
the little red-stockinged one, who always
seemed to be in trouble, gave a SQtieal
and rolled over sideways, complaining
that her neck was broken: The rest ac
complished the trick, and there they lay,
a row of young ladies presenting a. most
unique appearance with their legs thrown
up over their heads and their toe3 touch
ing the floor beyond their heads. They
lay there until they were out of breath
with giggling at each other.
There are plenty of exercises given on
the side and front as well as on the back.
A slmDle one- given on the fide was with
legs extended, raising and lowering the
upper one. In another th© knees were
drawn up as far as the chest by dragging
them along the noor.
"When the class was lying face down
there were more neck exercises, raising
and lowering the head. Next came kick-
Ing in this position; the flying feet kicked
upward to a quick count. The lesson
wound up with a scrambling exercise, In
which the girls raised themselves to a
knee-and-elbows position . in a count of
four, one count for each limb, then ex
tended again In. the same count. They
looked a good deal like a. herd of four
legged creatures getting partly up and
lying down again.
After the class was dismissed Miss
March led the way Into her cozy little
office downstairs, and there she talked
over the general benefit of the system.
¦ "It misses hardly any part of .the body,**
she said. "The neck profits."
From the way her own well poised head
sits upon her well poised body It looks as
if the neck surely did profit.
"The lung development Is increased,"
she went on.
Her lungs have a splendid inflation.
"But the great benefit Is noticed In tha
muscles of the lower back, the abdomen,
-waist and thigh. The work helps the
digestive organs by giving mechanical
pressure over the abdomen. Functional
activity is stimulated. Now an exercise
like this, for instance" . t '•- \
Her supple form, clad In Its trim golden
brown suit that matches the golden brown
of her hair, was stretched on the floor
with no more exertion than it costs a.
cat. and she was on the point of showing
when she remembered.
"No. I mustn't give away a single point
until Dr. "Wood comes back," she^ald.
somersault Befor© trying this tha rirls
were warned not to let the weight coma
over and still more giving out.
Hardest of all proved to be the half
Now and then short rests "and deep
breathing were ordered.- Some neck exer
cises were given by way of rest. In posi
tion, which means extended, the girls
twisted their necks to both sides and then
bent them forward. From the way some
of them grunted and gave up the count.
In one of the exercises the knees were
raised, not to the chest this time, but up
right, as you. of ten raise your knees when
lying down.' It Is a very restful position,
too. by the way, especially If you are tired
from long standing. ' Then, keeping the
feet in the same position, the legs were
bent over .sideways until the knees
touched the floor.
J. It wasn't time to rest yet. though. The
counting came .faster and faster, and It
•took quick work to, keep up with It.
were given a. harder kind of kicking. Thli
was not eased by drawing up the knees;
Instead, the straight upward kick was
made from the flat and extended position,
so the movement of the leg 'was from the
floor up. : When itrcame to doing this with
both legs the pumping on the muscles was
so heavy- that Bfwerai "flops" occurred.
."Oh." era-sped the one In the "red sweater,
and over she went.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
'
THE
LATEST
FAD IN
PHISICAL
CULTURE
3THE year 1900 maintained the reputa
tion of the century whose tale of
years Is completed, by producing
the largest crop of books recorded In
America. Besides its size, the crop aver
aged high from a literary point of view,
and the publishers' year was successful
as a whole.
In the United States 6356 books were
published as against 5321 put out in 1S99.
This was the highest number reached In
the history of American publishing. The
next greatest number of books was turned
out in 1S9S. when the total was E703, a
number €53 below that of the last vear.
The Publishers* Weekly, the "trade pa
per" of the publishers, In speaking of the
books of the year, remarks:
The Quality of the books published was
ClstlncUy better than it had been for
three years past, notably in the depart
ments of fiction, biography, fine arts and
history. A special feature of the year
was the reissue of celebrated books In
fine and carefully edited editions. Almost
every author whose name ' has outlived
the copyright restrictions has been put
Into attractive permanent form, and many
American authors have edited their works
for their publishers.
The wars that marked the closing cen
tury brought forth a long list of books on
South Africa, China, the Philippines and
the West Indies, and there was a vast
number of books \ of which the keynote
was social problems, the wonderful inven
tions, and the great spread of educational
privileges which have marked the cen
tury.
Of more than SOQO volumes published In
1900, 4490 were new works, and 186S new
editions. InU900 the figures had been 1749
and 572 respectively, showing a slight de
crease in the production of new books,
and a very large/increase in the reissue
of old works. In fiction, there were 616
new books and 662. new. editions:, in 1S99
the figures were 749 and 183 respectively.
Of educational books. 431 new volumes
were issued and 210 old ones reissued, a
remarkable change from the 387 and 32 In
the corresponding classes In 1899. Almost
every department shows a similar change,
those departments which do not show as
decided a change ' in ' another direction.
For instance, in' 1889 there were 288 new
and 22 reissues of books classed as bi
ography and correspondence: in 1900 the
numbers were 225 and 49,'Even more strik
ing are the' figures regarding "poetry and
dramas"; in 1S99 there were 302 new books
and 31 reissues: in 1900 there were only
192 new books but 20S reissues. So It was
with books classed as "literature and col
lected works": 1S09 had seen 304 new vol
umes, and 42 new editions, while the last
year witnessed the production of 187 and
356 respectively. . , , V'w
Of the 625S books issued, 3878 were the
new.'or old work of American authors; 1383
were those of foreign, mostly English au
thors manufactured here, and .1090 were
English books imported complete, not
printed here. In 1899 there were 1124 En
glish books imported for publication here.
Fewer books, by 418,- were published In
England during 1900, than during the pre
ceding year; the figures were 7149 for 1900,
and 7567 for 1S99. The war is credited with
injurine the publishing business In Ene-
land. It is. to be noted, however, that 197
books on the Boer war appeared during
the year, .of which 102 were published be
tween July and January. The chief.de
crease in output was in the fiction class,
where the figures for 1900 were 1563 new
books and 546 xelssues, as compared with
1S25 and 736 published ln:1899.
. In France 13,362 ' books were published,
an increase of S77 books over the number
Issued In 1S99; 5910 "musical compositions
were printed. 149 more- than In the previ
ous year, and 3>2 photographs, engravings
and lithographs, as against 7S1 put forth
j in 1899. Despite all drawbacks, therefore,
.the last year of; the nineteenth, century
' was successful In the publishing business
of three of the four bookish peoples of the
world. There would seem to be no reason
why Germany's publishers should not
likewise have enjoyed a prosperous end
lne to the century. . " »,. ,~ -
Something About the Number of Books Published in 1900.
The !ast story of the book is called the
"Wooing of Tom Sleight's Wife." The
motif Is turned on a curious marriage in
which husband and wife are separated
immediately after the ceremony, and
when In later years they meet again it
is to have the wife recognize the hus
band, but the man fails to remember the
And so it came to pass that in time Mrs.
Wrench, "hotel owner," made a man of
James Wrench "Boots"— and incidentally
found the right kind of a husband. . t
"Well, he turned it over, and he took
the job. He thought Bhe'd relent after
the first -week or two. but she didn't. He
Just kept that place for over fifteen
months and leatnt the business."
your mind.' And, one of the page boys
coming in, she just says 'Good-morning, 1
and the Interview was at an end.
Lionel Josaphare !a the name on the
front of a little booklet entitled "The
Lion at the Well," published by, A. M.
Robertson . of San. Francisco and the
name Lionel Josaphare Is one that it will
be interesting to watch for hereafter.
The work shown in the two poems
contained gives promise, for It Is read
able; so much so that one turns, about
through the" numerous fly leaves to see IE
there is not another little poem hidden
away somewhere. "
The styles of the two are so different
that they give hope of a minstrel with
more than one string on the harp, and
with stops for 'many keys. "¦
. "The Lion at the Well" Is the story of
The' Lion at the "Well.
of service to those preparing for or who
are about to enter a university.
A MASTER OF FORTUNE— By Cut
cllffe Hyne. G. "W. Dtllingham Company.
New York. • •.. »V
THE WHITE COTTAGE— By Zack.
Charles Scribner's Sons, New York, fl 50.
' UNDER THE REDWOODS-by Bret
Harte. Houghton. Mifflln & Co.. Boston.
XI 25.
A TRAITOR IN LONDON— By Fergus
Hume. F. M. Buckles & Co.. New York.
$1 23.
THE SUCCESSORS OF MARY THE
FIRST— By Elizabeth Stuart Phelpa
"Ward. Houghton,' Mlfflln & Co., Boston.
Jl 50.
THE . MASTER-KNOT OF HUMAN
FATE— by Ellis Meredith. Little, Brown
& Co.. Boston. $1.25.
THE ARISTOCRATS— Belngr the Im
pressions of the Lady Helen Pole during
her sojourn in the Great North Woods, as
spontaneously recorded in her letters to
her friend in North Britain, the Countess
of Edse and Ross. John Lane. New York.
NEW EDUCATION READER. VOL.
Ill— By A. J. Demarest and "William H.
Van Sickle. American Book Company,
New York. 40c.
THE MANUAL OF STATISTICS— A
Stock Exchange handbbok, published by
Charles H. Nicoll. New York. $5.
OLD.EOWEN'S LEGACY-By Edwin
Asa Dlx. The Century. Company, New
York. J1.50.
LOVE'S LABOR'S LOST— Shakespeare,
Cassell's National Library, New York.
In paper 10c. ... .
THE LION AT THE WELL— By Lionel
Josaphare. A. M. Robertson, San Fran
cisco. 50c.
WILLIE AND HIS PAPA— Illustrated
by F. Opper. Grosset & Dunlap, New
York. $1.
THE E. H. SOTHERN ACTTNO VER
SION OF HAMLET— Published by Mc-
Clure. Phillips & Co., New York.
FROM CLOUDS TO SUNSHINE. OR.
THE EVOLUTION OF A SOUL— By E.
Thomas Kaven. The Abbey Press, New
York. Jl. .
Books Received.
(= iF r IIE first of Hajor Genera!
James Harrison "Wilson's book
.•*» "China: Travels and Investiga
tions in ths . Middle Kingdom — A
Study of Its Civilization and Possi
bilities," made its appearance- in
1887. This work now appears in a
third edition. It has been much en
larged and brought up to date in re
gard to the recent troubles with the
Boxers and the relief of the legations.
It -will rank with the best books on
the subject which have been pressht
ed to the public.
General Wilson's first idea in.
bringing out this book was to show
the Chinaman as he was before for
eign invasion and with that idea in
view the general spsnt a year in
thoroughly investigating Northern,
Central and Southern China.
The main idaa of the book is to
show the progress made in China dur- ,
ing recent years and also the possi
bilities of future development both
from internal efforts and the co-ope
ration of foreign business men.
• The second edition of the work was
published in 1894, when the Chinese-
Japanese war changed existing con
ditions sufficiently to -warrant further
investigations. At the time of the
breaking out of the Boxsrs General
Wilson was in Cuba commanding the
departments of Matanzas 'and Santa
Clara. A man so familiar with Chin
ese affairs could naturally have his
services put to much better uss in
China than in Cuba, so at his own
request the general was transferred.
He- went; as sreond in command to
G'SneralCIiaiiseaiU)yirrived. in Peking
soon after ths relief of the legations.
He took part in all the proceedings
of any importance and remained until
the forces were ordered back to the
Philippines. Then he returned to San
. Francisco, sometime last December.
Having been in such closs touch
¦with army atcairs in China, his ac
count of all th'sse rscent troubles can
not fail to bs considered as authorita
tive.
General "Wilson holds Field Mar
shal Count von "Waldersee very ; high
ir his esteem. He says the Count is
"a wise nnd, masterful man, whose
high sense of justice and propriety
cannot, v/hils reflecting credit upon
his own country, fail to be of graat
benefit to the other powers.".
, The author has much to say of in
terest concerning Li Hung Chang,
with whom he renewed acquaintance
•when the great Chinese statesman ar
rived to treat for peace.
"In the present edition there are
two excellent maps^-one showing the
city of Peking and the other Chin.-)
as a-whole.
.It is evident that General Wilson's
work is highly regarded, for the first
edition was translated into Japanese,
and it is said that it was the first
means of calling Japan's attention to
the lack of preparation in China for
war. (Published by D. Appleton &
Co., New York. Price $1.50.) ,.
" 'That's Just It.* she snaps out: 'you
can't. It would not be doing the straight
" 'Why not.' I says, 'If she fancies him?
Wliat's the good of being a Marchioness
if you can't do what you like?'
" 'Talk sense,' 6he answers. 'How can
the Marchioness of Appleford marry a
hot* 1 ! keeper?'
" 'Well.' 1 says. 'I suppose you'll be
bossing that bar in Cape Town now be
fore lone?' ..' -.?„'.
The girl's husband finally dies and the
property Is left to her for life. Henry
knows that she still loves Kipper and can
not see why she does not send for him
or eo to Africa.
The interest of the story centers in a
double sacrifice. Kipper gives up his old
chum and sweetheart and goes to Africa
in order that he shall not interfere with
her chances of marrying and becoming the
Marchioness of Appleford.
"Kipper" and "Carrots" grew up_ to
gether and finally Kipper becomes a
prosperous journalist and Carrots becomes
"Miss Caroline Trevelyan," with the finest
kind of ancestry— but all dead.
"Well, there was justice In what he said.
He always did have sense, and I took his
order."
" "Ennery." he replied to me without so
much as turning- a hair. 'I'm afraid you're
forgetting your position. "When I'm on
the curb shouting 'Speshul!' and you
comes to me with yer 'a'penny in yer 'and,
you're master an" I'm man. When I
comes Into your shop to order refresh
merjts. and to pay for 'em, I'm boss.
Savey? You can bring me a rasher and
two eggs, and see that they're this sea
son's. The Ildy -will have a full-sized had
dick and a cocoa.*
"She was a pretty little thing, even
then, in spite of the dirt, with those eyes
like saucers and red hair. It used to be
called "carrots' in those days. Now all
the swells have taken It up— or as near as
they can get to it— and it's auburn.
" 'The menoo to-day.* I says, 'Is that
you pet outside 'fore I clip you over the
ear. and that you take that back and put
it where you found it,' meaning, o' course,
the kid.
"Young Kipper" is the hero of his first
tale. One fine day Kipper walks Into
the "coffee-shop," with a "young imp of
a girl on his arm." That was in the days
when Kipper was a newsboy.
** 'Garsong,' he calls out, 'what's the
menoo to-day?'
His first story is concerned with that
period of his life spent in the "coffee
phop in the Mile End rpad." That was
before Henry changed his name to
"Henri" — a title which he earned through
his wife's and his own efforts, which fin
ally placed him as garcon in a leading
French restaurant. A recital of Henry's
life is not the purpose of the book, but it
comes out through the lines as he tells
the stories of other persons' doings.
Henry has five good stories to tell and
all of them together will only take an
hour to read. Under the simple guise of
waiter there Is in Henry's make-up the
deeper vein of observer and philosopher of
the world. .
In lntroilrcingr him Mr. Jerome says:
"This is the s=tory. among others, of
Henry the waiter— or, as he now prefers
to call himself, Henri— told to me in the
long dinins-room of the Riffel Alp Hotel,
where I once stayed for a melancholy
week 'between seasons,' sharing the echo
ing emptiness of the place with two
maiden ladies, who talked all day to one
another in frightened whispers. Henry's
construction I have discarded for Its
amateurishness; his method being gener
ally to commence a story at the end, and
then, working backward to the beginning,
wind up with the middle."
JEROME K. JEROME has a certain
droll and peculiar humcr all his
own, but it is not so much in evi
dence in his latest production— "The
Observations of Henry." "Three Men in
a Boat" will always stand for Jerome
with the i>ublic at large, and also his
play-writing is recognized, but "The Ob
servations of Henry" is not so peculiarly
Jeromls=h In flavor as we all could wish.
It may be that we expect too much from
this humorist on the merits of past work,
for this last book of his under the signa
ture of some unknown author could just
ly be considered a work of merit. The
drawback that strikes the reader Is that
it does not ring true of what we have been
led to expect from Jerome.
Henry is a waiter, an English waiter—
a cockney.
'" 'And now. what do you want?' says
she, seating herself in front of her desk,
and leaving him standing, first on one
leg and then on the other, twiddling his
hat is his hands. <
" 'I've been a bad husband to you, Su
san,' begins he.
" 'I could have told you that,' she an
swers. 'What I asked you was what you
wanted.*
" 'I want for us to let bygones be by
gones,' says he.
" 'That's quite my own idea,' says she,
'and if you don't allude to the past, I
shan't.'
" 'You're an angel, Susan,' says he.
" 'I've told j'ou once,' answers she, 'that
my name's Mrs. Wrench. I'm Susan to
my friends, not to every broken-down
tramp looking for a job.'
" 'Ain't I your husbana?' says he, trying
a bit of dignity.
"She got up and took a glance through
the glass door to see that nobody was
there to overhear her.
" 'For the first, and last time.' says she.
'let you and me understand one another.
I've been eleven years without a husband,
and I've got used to it. I don't feel now
as I want one of any kind, and if I did It
wouldn't be your sort. Eleven years ago
I wasn't good enough for you, and now
you're not good enough for me.'
" 'I want to reform," says he. ;
" "I want to F.eo you do it,' says she.
" 'Give me a chance,' says he.
" 'I'm going to,' says she. 'but it's going
to be my. experiment this time, not yours.
, Kleven years ago I didn't give you satis
faction, so you turned me out of doors.' •
" 'You went, Susan,' says he; 'you know
it was your own idea.'
" "Don't you remind me too much of the
circumstances,' replied she, turning- on
him with a look in her eyes that was
probably new to him. 'I went because
there wasn't rcom for two of us; you
know that. The other kind suited you
better. Now I'm going to see whether
you suit me,' and she sits herself again
in her landlady's chair.
" "In what ¦way?' says he. "
" 'In the way of earning your living,'
says she, 'and starting on the road to be- 1
coming a decent member of society.'
"He stood for awhile cogitating. '
" 'Don't you think,' says he at last, 'as
I could manage this hotel for you?'
"'Thanks,' says she; 'I'm doing that
myself.' ;•'
" *What about looking to the financial
side of things,' says he, 'and keeping the
accounts? It's hardly your work.'
"'Nor yours either,' answers she drily,
'Judging by the. way you've been keeping
your own.'
" 'You wouldn't like me to be head
waiter. I suppose?" says he. 'It would be
a bit of a come-down.'
"'You're thinking of the hotel. I sup
pose,' says she. 'Perhaps you are right
My customers are mostly an old-fashioned
clat-s: It's probable enough they might not
like you. You had better suggest some
thing else.*
" 'I could hardly be an under-rwaiter,"
says he.
" 'Perhaps not,* says she; 'your manners
hotel. He thinks that all that Is neces
sary is for him to present himself at her.
door and be received with open arms, and
that a comfortable home and ready money
will be waiting for him.
"But they weren't exactly. The Married
Women's Property Act had altered things
a bit, and Master James found himself
greeted without any suggestion of tender
ness by a business-like woman of thirty
six or thereabouts, and told to wait in
the room behind the bar until she could
find time to talk to him.
"&he kept him waiting there for three
quarters of an hour, Just sufficient time
to take the side out of him; and then she
walks in and closes the door behind her.
"'I'd say you hadn't changed hardly a
day. Susan,' says he, 'if It wasn't that
you'd grown handsomer than ever.'
"I guess he'd been turning that over in
his mind during the three-quarters of an
hour. It was his fancy that he knew a
bit about women.
" 'My name's Mrs. Wrench,' says she;
'and if you take your hat off and stand
up while I'm talking to you It will be
more v/hat I'm accustomed to.'
"Well, that staggered him a bit; but
there didn't seem anything else to be
done, so he just made as if he thought
it funny, thousrh I doubt if at the time
he saw the full humor of it.
MAJOR GENERAL JAMES HARRISON WIL
SON'S BOOK ON "CHINA-TRAVELS
AND INVESTIGATIONS IN THE
MIDDLE KINGDOM."
"The Probation of James Wrench" deals
with the temporary ruin of a waiter, who
falls heir to money and then begins to
feel ashamed of his chambermaid wife.
He finally drives her from the house and
she is obliged to make her own living.
The man soon runs through all of his
money and then seeks for a reconciliation
with his wife, who by this time has es
tablished herself as the owner of a small
"The Surprise of Mr. Milberry" Is a
humorous sketch Involving the mixing of
two baskets on the platform of a rail
road station. A young husband carries
Oil a spinster's pet dog that she Is taking
to a dog show for exhibition and the lady
proceeds on her way with the basket and
the baby — all unconscious of the change.
The consternation of both parties upon
finding out their loss and gain Is very
well told.
Mr. Jerome's second story as told by
lkenry is an interesting account of "The
Uses and Abuses of Joseph." In it he
follows the history and adventures of a
good young man who turns burglar and
then, after meeting a woman who is more
than his match, is changed • back to an
honest man and a missionary. It may
sound rather improbable for a consistent
metamorphosis of this kind to be made in
the limited space of a short story, but
the tale is plausible enough when j-ead
and but reflects the, more credit .upon the
art of the writer.
thing by the family. No,' she says, 'I've
spent their money, and I'm spending It
now. They don't love me, but they shan t
eay as I've disgraced them. They've got
their feelings— same as I've got mine.' "
But although the "Marchioness of Ap
pleford" does not marry the hotel keeper
of Cape Town, "Carrots" does marry her
old friend and sweetheart, "Kipper."
"'If you think you can do better for
yourself,' she fays,.' 'there's an end of it.
By a curious coincidence the place is just
now v.acant. I'll keep it open for you till
to-morrow night; you can turn it over in
strike me as a bit too fam'llar for that.'
"Then be thought he'd try sarcasm.
"Perhaps you'd fancy my being the
boots,' says ha. ¦ T
"'That's moro reasonable.' says she.'
'You couldn't Jo much- harm there, and I
qould keep an «ye on you.'
'" 'You really mean that?' says he, start
ing to put on his dignity.,
"But she cut him short by ringing the
bell. - -'¦: \:' ¦ ~ • , - '
While his book is devoted to life at the
University of -California, college living
and work is .very much i the same the
United Statea ¦ over, and this story of % a
young man who .carved hi3 own way to
an education presents a key that cannot
fail to prove serviceable to ambitious
young; men and women.. The author has
been fortunate not only In holding his
readers' ; attention by capital flctlon but
in giving every detail of college' life as
it really is. His book cannot fail to be
His recent etory, "For the Blue and
Gold," has awakened the interest of edu
cators'all over the State to such an ex
tent that it is only a matter of time. when
his book will receive a place on the shelf
of every school library. And a better
work could not bo put In the hands of
young students whose ultimate aim is
matriculation at one of our universities.
is not often that a novel serves the
double purpose of appealing to the liter
ary palate as a readable story and being
of practical use and Importance. Joy
LJchtens'tein, a young Callfornian, is for
tunate in having written a book that en
tertains while it Instructs. . .
Of .Interest to Educators.
¦wife. It is a case of love again at first
sight, but the woman Is anxious to find
out if this new. lover, in spite of the fact
that he is her husband, is atill*. true to
the wife ho married so long ago. This
quaint conceit of a plot Is well worked
out and the Btory Is bound to prove'-in
teresting to all readers. (Published by
Dodd, Mead & Co., New York. Price
$125.) B. G. LATHROP.
Others Kopidefi investors and\oneratnrs
in the stock markets can appreciate the,
or,r>venlenee of n • re"able and nof'ltoo
: bulky pu'de to the affairs of railrond and
indnstrlnl corporations,- nnd to the' past
¦cdurse of quotations for stocks, bonds and
oommodltfea. The 1901 edition of. The
Manual of Ptotistics. whiehjs the tv.'enty
thircl annual Issue; has .i'lst appeared, and
1s the book which best fills these require-'
menta. Tn all the J farts and figures
nbout railroad, industrial and street rall
tvay corporations whose securities are
l:nown on the various stock markets are
pet forth lucidly, intelligently and accur
ately. There are records of prices In the
stock, rraln and cotton markets, and all
the statistics which have any Important
bearing upon transactions in the latter
commodities.
The department of the work devoted to
rallroafl securities embraces summaries of
the history, organization, capital, bonds,
dividends and physical features of the
railroads of the United States, including
tabulated statements of their earnings for
a series of years. A valuable feature Is
the presentation of the comparative
freight traffic statistics of all the principal
railroads, which ' affords an index to the
relative efficiency of their managements,
as well as to the earning power .of the
properties.
. By. far the most important section of
the book Is the 300 pages devoted to In
dustrial securities. In this department in
formation Is presented In reerard to all
the > manufacturing, Industrial, mining
and miscellaneous corporations which
have assumed Importance In the financial
and speculative world. This part of the
book has been greatly enlarged, embrac
ing data in regard to practically all the,
companies whose' securities are trade-1
in at .New York, Boston. Philadelphia,
Chicago, Cleveland, Cincinnati. St. Louis,
Baltimore, Louisville • and '/ other cities,
whether the same are dealt in get the
stock exchanges or on the so-called "out
side" markets.
Street railways constitute another de
partment, furnishing complete , accounts
of the capital, organization, earnings and
so forth of J the fraction companies and
street railway lines in the important
cities of the country.
The stock and bond quotations given in
the volume cover the transactions In and
prices for all stocks and bonds dealt in
on the New York. Philadelphia. Boston.
Chicago, Baltimore, Plttsburg. Cleveland,
St. . Louis, Cincinnati, Louisville, San
Francisco. Montreal, Toronto and other
stock markets for the past two years.
A unique feature in this connection is'a
tabulation of the prices obtained at auc
tion sales in New York for all miscel
laneous stocks and bonds not dealt in on
the Stock Exchange. .
'A new section Is a concise but Complete
summary of the bonded debt of the United
States and of rhe various foreign govern
ment bond Issues which in the last year
or.ro have been placed on the American
market. This Includes an exhibit of the
financial position of each country, with
other data.
The department relating to the. produce
A'Msnual of Statistics.
The photographs have been well selected
sml fully illustrate 'climatic conditions,
prd nil the le.id'ng and varied industries—
mining. th*» fruit, wine and brandy indus
tries, lumbering, irrigating, manufactur
ing, farming and natural scenery:
Some persons may labor under the im
pr P! ip<on that the orange is found in
Northern California only in the box of
the fruit seller, but there are photographs
re.loro to show that not only the orange
hut the lemon, olive and palm thrive In
the northern part of the State, as well as
in the southern. . ¦
a hunter who loses his gun In a chasm
and himself on a desert, where, choking
of thirst, he finds ?a difficulty accessible
well and is planning how he may get to
the water, when—
• "While thus I eat engaged thereat. •
. \"K-'-' * saw" before me on Uie fl«.t. ; . .
A beastly scare, - .
y V With frlshtful stare; \;'
A lion./ .- *
feiwwly anil dranrle-talled. h« crawled his
ground.
Lifting to bay defiance at the skies.
With all the bankrupt strength he owns.
; Ehag-necked and drouthy-sJcinned he moans.
Dishonorable crate of bones.
Unllonllka he creaketh towards the well.
His head holds low; he sees the flow;
His eyes with double anger grow, .
The curb he rakes;
The eras he breaks.
And roars. ,
I knew not how to ma or stay. But while
He grazed below I solved my thoughts as these:
To flee was daring miles of thirst; - ,
To etay I must the lion durst.
-I staid, still jruesslnsr which the worst.
And then he saw me.- Still, still, still, stood I.
There . Is rather more liberty taken
¦ with English than custom warrants and a
heavier draught for rhyme than reason
upon the' rarer words of the dictionary. !
There is both •¦ experience of life and
imagination shown , In the whimsical
short piece called "The Grasshopper and
the Butterfly," which tells of the loves
of an unmatable pair. It is worth learn
ing for recital, as It would always amuse
young or old, and perhaps make some
who saw deeper feel sad.
The swing of its words are as good all
the way through as in the following
verses, which end the tale: .
Ldke a swirling sirocco
In panting Morocco, ¦¦
Hl« passion at rampant, devasted his J «ouL '
He neslected his rations ,. "
... ' And usual vocations; ! ' - ¦• ?-.''-•" ¦
At the gateway of love he paid heavy toll.;
ThougR^hls love was cyclonic,' '¦ ¦ x
'Twas needly platbnic; . _-' -'. :
Her soul was as pale as a gleam of the moon.
v Then he sbat out brown . Juice, ' • _;.
And exclaimed, ,"O, the deuce!"
"While she wished she had died in her silken
- A'jcoon. ¦ . . •>; '¦.*.
h' 9 '¦ ' - ¦' ¦¦ - *
So their pathos was «hort.
>¦ There's no more to report; . '¦¦ - J
' Save that she Is dead, she Is dried, she la
stricken, * ¦ ,
, Collected with fll«»,
¦ "With a pin through her thighs, . '.
And her hero was nabbed and gulped by a.
chicken.
Northern California. '
A pamphlet that is certain to attract
much attention Is one just Issued— a re
print from the Overland~Monthly of April,
1901. It has for !ts title. "Northern Califor
nia—6000 Square Miles That Will Grow
Anything Man May Plant." ' The descrip
tions of the different counties and their
Industries are clearly and graphically
handled by General N. P. Chipman. pres
ident of the California State Board of
Trade. This is a pamphlet that every
true Callfornian should send to his doubt
ing frietids in the East, for if General
Chipman's clfar statements and figures
are not sufficient to bring conviction that
the title Is not overdrawn, the .numerous
half-tone3 of cctual photographs which
perve to illuminate the text are certainly
proof positive. .
; The Annual for 1901 Is divided Into six
parts. The first Is on The Internal-Com
bustion Motor System. Part II contains
chapters on Steam Power Vehicles. Part
Last year Laird & Lee of Chicago pub
lished their first volumu of an "American
Automobile '. Annual." Their second vol
ume.^ which is for 1901, has Just made Its
appearance. With the great increase In
the number of steam, gasoline and elec
tric propelled vehicles, this oook will
prove of value to many people. A com
parison of the Annual for this year with
that of last year shows the advance which
has been made in the matter of automo
bile construction and also demonstrates
that an Annual such as this will snon oc
cupy a very necessary place. It i will
doubtless Increase in size as the success
of the automobile becomes each day more
and more assured.
I*ee's Automobile Annual.
A book that can hardly be called a
novel, but rather a sketch of army Hf*
In Cuba during the recent trouble, is "The
Nth Foot in War," by Lieutenant M. B.
Stewart. U. S. A. "Kid." the hero, Iive3
to have many experiences and finally to
win. his promotion. The book Is interest
ing as a story of army life by an officer
and a young man. Lieutenant Stewart is
a native of Virginia, having been born at
Culpepper Courthouse, in 1S75. At the ag^
of seventeen he entered the United States
Military Academy at West Point, gradu
ating from that institution in 1SD6. He
served in the West from that time until
the outbreak of., the Spanish-American
war. when he went with his regiment to
Cuba,- where It took an active part in the
campaign around Santiago. It was there
that the idea of this book occurred to him,
and hie leisure moments while subsequent
ly on duty in Cuba were employed In writ
ing "The Nth Foot In War." He is at
present on duty with his regiment abroad.
(Published by the Abbey Press, New York.
Price U.)
A Soldier's Story.
Boys who are interested in stirring ad
ventures by sea and land will welcome
four books of uniform merit, size and
binding that are now being published by
The Mershon Company, New York. Ono
of these, by Mark Marline, is "The Luck
¦of a Castaway." It relates the Derlls en
countered by a young sailor of s'xteei
years who is cast away on an Island in
habited by savages. A second volume by
the same author is 'Lost on Volcano Isl
and." It gives an account of the wreck
of the Columbia and is filled with enou-rh
excitement to delight tlie. heart of any
youth. "A Schoolboy's Pluck" recounts
the troubles of a little Vnobody" who goe3
forth into the world andafter many per l- :
ous escapes succeeds In making "some
body" of himself. The author of this vol
ume Is Roy Rockwood, who wrote the
"Wizard of the Sea." The fourth book is
by Louis Charles, the author of "Fortune
Hunters in the Philippines." Mr. Charles'
latest work is called "The Land of Fire."
and' tells of adventures In underground
Africa. The price of each book Is 50 cents
Books for Coys.
. ¦"•'.The ".frontispiece' ' Is'a . good " half-tone
photograph of E. H. Sothern in "To bo
or net to be." The original cast of the
play as presented by Mr. Sothern and
Miss Harned on the 17th of September.
1C00, Is given, as well as a great number of
excellent half-tones of the leading char
acters and scenes from the play.
As far as the dress and printing of the
bock is jconcerried the publishers have
done all that could be desired. I The cover
is a poster scc'ne taken from the play
well drawn by McLiellan, and* done In soft
shades of color. ' '
Norman Hapgood, in a recent work on
"The Stage in America, 1S97-1900," places
the version of "Hamlet" acted by E. H.
Sothern as near the head ,ln eXcelMhce;
and fidelity among Shakespearean 'produc
tions.^ Mr. .Hapg'ood is;a.New York critic
of recognized .ability and experience, and
with his guarantee It is safe to recom
mend the recent publication of McClure,
Phillips & Co. b'* ; New^York— "Hamlet— a
Tragedy by William Shakespeare— the E.
H. Sothern Acting -Version.'.'
Aa. Acting Version of Hamlet.
"Now, If the dictionary way of using
capable be correct. It Is also correct to say
that coffee is capable of being ground,
that sugar Is capable of being dissolved,
that lead Is capable of being melted and
that iron is capable of. being welded. If
It be proper to use capable in a passive
sense, what use have we for susceptible?"
(Published by D. Appleton & Co., New
York. Price $1.) ii s .
"To my surprise, I find that not only
the Standard. Worcester and Webst*" use
capable in the passive tense, but the word
Is used in like manner in the Encyclope
dic and in the Century and by Johnson
and by Murray. Indeed, in all the diction
aries capable is made to do double duty —
for itself and for susceptible.
Whether It is right or wrong for a man
to smoke a pipe in the street is not the
question/and for the sake of avoiding ar
gument with Mr. Ayres on that point let
it be said that a man who smokes a pipe
in % street Is a very vulgar fellow indeed,
"and should be sent home forthwith, put
in a dark closet for a day and not allowed
any jam on his bread for a week; but why
in the world should Mr. Ayres depart so
abruptly from his subject and make an
undignified attack upon a point that de
serves discussion only In a book of cheap
etiquette? His readers are apt to as
sume, after this tirade, that he is a man
of narrow-gaugs mind. They may possi
bly think that, after all, Mr. Ayres is
raising a tempest In a teapot in some of
his discussions on ill-used words. Here
Is an example, for instance, where It
seems to be a question of Mr. Ayres
against all authorities:
. "We live in a street, meet people In a
street and do things In a street, and not
on or upon a street. The man, however,
that smokes in the street would be likely
to insist that on the street Is good
enough English for him. This is doubly
true of the man that smokes a pipe in
the street. 'No man can smoke a pipe in
the street and have the appearance . of
being other than a vulgar fellow. He that
does it descends— In his manners— to the
level of the groom and the hackraan."
Mr. Alfred Ayres has written a valuable
and useful work for the use of those
who wish to speak and write correctly.
It is called "Some Ill-used Words." The
title is self-explanatory. There Is one
thing to be regretted In thi3 book, and
that is that a man of Mr. Ayres' evident
learning in matters of correct English
should make the mistake of inserting the
following:
Some Ill-TJsed Words.
In addition, the book contains a large
amount of general Information relating
to financial, corporate and speculative
matters. Published by Charlesi H. NIcoll,
220 " Broadway, New York. Price, J5 00.
American mineral Industries are em
braced in the statistics of mining, with
mining stock prices at New York. Boston,
San Francisco and Colorado Springs.
market Is Intended to meet the demand
for statistical and other information
caused by the increase of speculative in
terest in that connection. . It : presents .In
detail all the records relative to cereals
and provisions, giving the comparative
records of acreage, production, consump
tion and crop movements in th© l im ~
States and the world, as well as a record
of quotations In both Chicago and r<ew
York. The cotton statistics are brougnt
ur» to date. • „„ - : *«'
A notable addition in the 1901 Manual
ie a complete record of banks and trust
companies of the leading cities, covering
a period of several years. The figures
showing the dividends paid for five years.
In connection with an accurate record or
stock quotations, which Is also given, are
an index to the position of the country s
Br«at banking Institutions, and an exhi
bition of. the standing of a class of secu
rities whose Interest to conservative in
vestors Is constantly increasing with the
progress of the country in wealth and
accumulated capital.
John Luther Long; author of "Tha
Prince of Illusion." which th© Century
Company Issued April 17, is a young Phil
adelphia lawyer, who made his first lit
erary success with "Madame Butterfly."
Edwin Asa Dix. author of the popular
"Deacon Bradbury." whose new novel.
¦-"Old Bowen's Legacy." appeared on tha
same day,- Is also a lawyer by training,
though not by practice.' The number of
lawyers/ or ex-lawyers,, on tha Century
Company's list of authors Is noteworthy.
It includes- I Vice President Roosevelt,
author of "The Strenuous Life"; the Hon.
John Hay. Secretary of State. Lincoln's
secretary and authorized biographer: tha
Right Hon. John Morley, whose "Oliver
Cromwell" Is still on every tongrue; tha
Right Hon. James Bryce. biographer of
Mr. Gladstone: the Hon. Oscar Straus, ex-
Minister, to Turkey, and biographer of
Roger Williams; Joel Chandler Harris and
Harry Stlllwell Edwards, the Georgia
story tellers; David Gray, author of "Gal
lops": Tudor Jenks. author of "Imagina
tions"; Professor Brander Matthews: Ir
wln Russell, the poet; Maurice Thompson,
whose latest published book is the "Win
ter Garden'.' group of essays and sketches:
and Professor Theodore S. Woolsey. au
thor of America's "Foreign Policy." Gen
eral Schofleld. author of "Forty-six Tears
In the Army," made a special study of the
law after leaving West Point-
Messrs. Doubleday. Page & Co., pub
lishers of The World's Work, announca
that the July number of the magazine
will be given almost wholly to an inter
pretation of the Pan-American Exposition
nt Buffalo. A series of special photo
graphs will be taken, which are expected
to give a better pictorial description than
has ever been made of any of the great
expositions. Mr. Page, the editor of The
World's Work, will himself write a de
scription of it, showing how it Is an Index
of American industrial and Intellectual
progress. A special cover of striking de
sign in gold and colors has been made for
this number.
"Monsieur Beaucalre" Is now being
translated Into the French and the story
will appear In book form in France dur
ing the coming season. The story of tha
French hero, with hi3 many adventures
and his love affairs, ought to prove Inter
esting in his native land. The fact that
"Beaucaire" was a cousin of one of tha
French kings will surely add to the at
tractiveness of the tale for French read
ers. McClure, Phillips & Co.. the Ameri
can publishers, have also received appli
cation for a German translation.
Charles Major, the author of "When
Knighthood Was In Flower." will call his
second book, "The Bears of Bine River.
In this, the popular author has taken his
vivid pictures of historical adventura
right into his own State, though, as ha
says, it is "away back In the twenties,
when Indiana was a baby State." Tha
stories, which form a continuous narra
tive, are of the real bears and of the sort
that will make this book enormously pop
ular. Doubleday, Page & Co. are the pub
lishers, and it Is to appear early in tha
autumn.
"The Heritage of Unrest" Is In Its third
edition. Few recent novels have been bet
ter described by their titles than this. It
illustrates Miss Gwendolen Overton's style
of the apt phrase that she has put the
spirit of her book, in four words. Tha
breaking down of the floodgates In tha
social barriers to marriage with Inferior
races is the motive of this story, which
is peculiarly American In its social out
look and Its plot.
The May publications of Little, Brown
& Co. Include "A Daughter of New
France." by Mary Catherine Crowley, a
story dealing with the life of Cadillac and
his founding of Detroit; "When tha Gates
LJft Up Their Heads," a powerful novel
of the South In the early seventies, by
Payne Ersklne. and Mrs. Anna Bowman
Dodd's new book, "The American Hus
band in Paris."
¦ The May Century will toe a Travel Num
ber, transporting the reader to many
lands and climes— Italy, England and:
France. India. China and Japan— or drop
ping him down In mldocean on an out
ward-bound steamship. Not the sketches
only, but even the flctlon Is cosmopolitan
In Its appeal. The magazine will appear
'¦when' thft. "spring fret" Is urging Its vic
tims strongly to drop routine tasks and
fare forth on their travels.
The beautiful simplicity of the home
life of Quakers In America 1st touched on
very sympathetically In the May number
of The Delineator by Waldon Fawcett.
His article Is entitled "Quaker Maids of
To-day,? and deals largely with th<»
younger element of the Quaker body.
Literary Notes.
Ill Is devoted to Electric Storage Battery
Vehicles. Part IV explains Other Forms
of Motor Power: Port V. Ste*rtnff.
Wheels, Tires, etc.: and Part VI gives
Rules and Regulations Concerning the Op
erating of Automobiles. •'.*..'
THE SU2STDAY CALL.
WRITER'S
OF
BOOKS
4
The Books Reviewed
ON THIS PAGE
Can Be Obtained at
......
ROBERTSON'S,
. 126 POST STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO. .
Prices. are always in the
Reading Notices.^Postage is
;¥£!: A. M. ROBERTSON.EARLY DAY THEATRICALS IN SAN FRANCISCO
THE; SUNDAY CALI;.
Chief Wlnnemucca," with two daughters
and eight braves, were on exhibition early
In 1884 at the Metropolitan, land the gar*
denV were 1 all' doing a fine ' busmen lit
good ' weather, offering special attraction*
and all kinds of curios. •> ¦¦¦ • -
Annie Yeumans, George Pauncefort, \V.
D.'Shleln, th« Bulslay family, G..C Honl
face, J. 8. Studley, Daniel B. Bandmann,
gedley Brown, Harry Jackion and'Annlo
Lockhart," Charlotte Crampton'and other
celebrities were: also v seen here during
IS64-Q5. , zjtf!'*, i, ,
The Blunehl season closed abruptly and
on the whole the opera was'not a brilliant
nnanclnl sudcess during 1S64 and US&, aa
may be seen by the correspondence pub
lished in the daliy papers at that time.
Other noted arrivals from the East were
the Brambllla Opera Company, under Slg
nor Bianchi's management, April 7, 1865.
As all houses were closed on account of
the death of President Lincoln, this or
ganization did not open at the Metropoli
tan until the 17th. and on the 27th Ade
laide Phillips' company ' arrived. They
opened May 2 at the Academy of Music
in "II Trovatore." Dan Setchell, come
dian, cameby the same boat., Qottschalk,
the celebrated pianist, waa also concertlz
ing here at the date last mentioned.
The engagement of Mr. and Mrs.
Claries Kean's company continued at the
opera-house until February 1,- 1865, and the
average receipts per performance were
$1100. .
If there is another instance on record
where a player has been so highly
honored It has never reached the knowl
edge of the writer, who, as a son of the
Revolution, naturally regards the civil
honors bestowed upon honest old George
Coppin aa greater even than the patent of
knighthood so deservedly conferred upon
Henry Irving. ' ;
George Coppln, who was not only man
ager of the Kean party," but the distinctly
successful comedian of^ that organization,
was a distinguished member of the pro
fession in Australia: for" many years
lessee and manager of the Theater Royal,
Mtlbourne, of which city he was also
Mtyor.' He served with much honor as
Member of the Provincial Parliament and
in many other prominent positions repre
sented the Government while stiU actively
engaged in theatrical pursuits.
introduced to San Francisco one or tne
most. celebrated, as well as best respected
men among thousands who have - orna
mented and" honored the stage. •
It Is a, remarkable fact that ' there .waa
always a circus or two exhibiting In San
Francisco in the fifties and the early six
ties. They changed owners and spots as
frequently as did old Bill Worrell's leop
ard, which got tired of one spot and went
to another. They played vacant lots or
theaters indiscriminately.
Worrell's Olympic dropped its first name
May 1, 1865. and Gilbert's . Museum, on
Market, street, closed on the last day of
the same month, the proprietor reopening
the Willows Gardens a few days later.
In October. 1865. a shadow was thrown
upon theatrical affairs by the accidental
explosion of. the steamer Yosemite at Rio
Vista, on the Sacramento Kiver, October
13, 1865. J. E. Meyers and .w. Stephen
son, actors, and two others, Mat Fallon,,
treasurer,' and H. Major, stage mechanic,
were killed.- . .
The Eureka Theater was temporarily
converted into an anatomical museum De
cember 1, and business drifted back to
. the. old theaters in the vicinity of Wash
ington and Montgomery streets.'
: Several notable marriages occurred In
the ranks of the people of the stage dur
ing the middle of the second decade of
the theatrical business in California. Pler
pont Thayer and Sallle Goodrich, two 4
well-known players, were married Feb
ruary i 24, • and Fanny Morgan married
Ralph Phelps.on the, 8th.. -y.r/
There were more casualties tnan usual,
the first of which occurred at the Opera
house durinsr a performance of "Sata
nella" by the Richings Company. Annie
Pink, a child of eight years, was fright
fully burned and died of her injuries tbe
next day. Sam Wells, the pioneer of min
strelsy on thfi eo,«st, was thrown from his
horse." at Gold Hill and fatally injured. -
Had there been u few moro members of
the celebrated Bulslay family during their
first engagement hero the list of accidents
would have been much longer. The per
sistent regularity with which the Buls
laya tried to break something by, falling
from, balloons, tight ropes and horisontal
bars was really surprising.
In 1SG3 and 1866 the representative man.
ager, Thomas Maguire— who was prepar
ing to becorne the only oho also— began a
short system of settling disputes and con
troverslea with the people with whom he
did business. It worked very nicely until
he threatened to thump Madame Veatvell
for refuslng'to play and uubjusquently as
cuultrvi the manaeer of a concert com
pany,'tor which lu was arrvsttd ami nntJ.
H<s escaped easier on the Vestvall com
plaint, which was dismissed, and his un«
important assaults on tenors or barytone*
whe refused to sing on account of hoaiso
nrs.* generally resulted in a sudden cure.
Dramatic amateurs were almost as
thick as real actors /n 1865-66, the swell
society contingent of budding thejplans
giving their entertainments at Professor
Mlel's Institute in South Park. Their or
ganization was The Hawthorn©, and many
cf the staid and serious business men of
to-day will relate their experiences on the
stage with The Hawthornes and contem
porary associations of amateur actor*
who gave entertainments frequently at
tbe various halls.
It was very near the middle of 1398 when
two of the most noted actors of America
cam* tn this coast. Edwin Forrest, th»
great tragedian, and John McCullougb,
then playing leads with tbe eluer actor,
arrived May 3 and on the 14th opened at
Magulre's Opera-house In "Richelieu."
Forrest appeared as the Cardinal. McCul
lough as De Mauprat and Miss Llllle aa
Julie de Mortlxnar.
The premium, sale ef reserved stats
brought S93T GO. Bob Tiffany, the well*
known hatter and theatrical enthusiast,
having purchased first choice for 1300. '
This engagement waa not a long «a»,
as the prices had been advanced and then,
as now, San Francisco rebelled against
any advance in prices except for opera,
Mr. Forrest and Miss LJllle. with Sallle
Goodrich Thayer. left for the East Octo
ber 19. John McCullough having retired
from Mr. Forrest's engagement and Joined
the stock company at tbe Opera-house ea
June 30.
A condensed record of Mr. McCullough't
career on this coast will ! be presented
later on.
Mr. Forrest, whose former wife, Mtti
Sinclair, had been a prominent figure tn
early theatrical management here, wu *>
years of age when he visited San Fran-
Cisco and he had married Miss 3tnd*Jr
thirty vtars before. Their union waa un
happy and some of the association* of
his marital lift were revived in San Fran
cisco to the old actor's extreme annoyance
and grief.
Ills death after having founded the cele
brated Forrest Home for Aged and In
firm Ac-torn Is *» matter of public history.
Many of his old friends and admirers and
some of bis enemtes have lived and died
in the comfortable home provided foe
them by bis noble generosity.
*^-r LTHOUGH the year 1S64 had a
f I comparatively uneventful begln
f~| ning theatrically considered and
I gave little promise of the Interest
ing" budgets of superior attractions
which began to pour in Lefore the second
quarter had fairly begun, it was soon ap
parent that San Francisco was on the eve
of a period of unprecedented activity in
theatrical affairs and that Manager
Thomas Maguire was determined to apply
the same methods to that business that he
had found most profitable In his less rep
utable pursuits. It was rt this time that
the sporting and speculative fever came
upon this coast and was found in every
branch ef business.
It seemed to everybody Interested as if
the downtown theaters were too far
downtown, and yet there had been many
admonitory signs that it would be fatal
to venture far from the big business cen
ter.
There were many thickly tenanted
boarding-houses, private hotels and com
fortable lodging-houses In the old district,
where there was also a great floating pop
ulation.
Halls w«r« being located as far uptown
as Poet and Bush streets and naturally
Magulre's Academy of Music en the north
side of Pine street. east of Montgomery,
was an early venture, its first Introduc
tion to the public having been made May
IS, 1S64.
The company from the opera-house on
Washington street havinc been sent up
street for this opening, the last named
theater was again placed in the hands of
artists and mechanics tor extensive reno
vation.
It is difficult for a person standing in
front of the splendid building of th« Stock
Exchange on Pine street to realise that
the edlnce on the opposite Bide of tho
strt-et was built nearlv forty vears ago
and was thrn a handsome and fashionable
theater. Its history as a place- of amuse
ment was comparatively brief and Its
record exhibits surprisingly few of the
many great celebrities which came to this
coast about that tim<\
The academy b«gan Its career with
higher prices of admission than were in
vogue at the tlm» an-i In a little morn
than a year there waa an advance to 13
for reserved seats and art explanatory no.
tlce to the public stating that the expenie
per week for running the house wn* MOOO.
The total loss on the Adelaide Phillips
Opera Company was $30,000.
Ttie final pcrf.ormaa.co In this houso was
It was not an uncommon thing tn early
days for ladles of the profession to letse
and manage 'theaters. -.Very early In tho
fillies Mrs. Sinclair, Mr*. Judah and other
To return briefly to the fate of the
academy on Pine street il is enough to say
that It waa uold at auction August, 31,
1SW, and was noon thereafter converted
Into atorea and offices. \ >,«¦
s George Ctprlco was a good fellow and
had considerable dramatic tal«nt mixed
up with his creditable ambition, but his
was a case of spoiling an unusually prom
ising barber to make a pretty bad actor,
the rare advantage of wealthy backing
later on having failed to make him buo
cessful. > , '. .'
The emergency being very great the
manager insisted that 'Rattler must com
ply and the minstrel answered that he
•would play the part it necessary, but
would have to appear in black, to which
the answer was, "No matter how you
manage, you'll have to do it." Nobody
believed for a moment that Rattler was
in earnest and when he 3talked on us the
Bhade of the departed Kfng, remarking
that he "was doomed for a certain
time to walk the night," there was a roar
which gave the ambitious amateur's per
formance a tinge of humor which con
trasted strongly with the traditional in
terpretations of the character ofr the Mel
ancholy Dane.
The Orientals, a local amateur society,
tendered the benefit to Ciprico. at which
he essayed Hamlet, and some of the local
celebrities were drafted into service to
strengthen the- bill. Lew Rattler, always
a fine reader, was then playing in a mtn
strel company and was importuned by
the management to play the. "ghost" in
support of Clprico. He very . naturally
demurred, saying that he would not have
time to make up for the ghost owinj? to
the fact that he was playing in black
face In the minstrel performance..
Clprico, who spent, a small fortune in
pursuit of histrionlc'ramc, is the only man
who. ever' played Hamlet with a ghost In
black face. The affair created so much
amusement at the time that It is pardon
able to "make a slight digression to relate
it, although it belongs to another section
of San Francisco's hislorv. '
a benefit for George'Ciprico, a well-known
barber, who had a.sreat ambition to be<
come an actor and who was backed ac
that time and more heavily thereafter by
John Mackay. the mill'onaire, in return,
it was alleged, for a favor to the wealthy
miner years before. - '.•
• Gilbert's Museum on Market street, op
posite Second, became BiegrlstV Museum
In September, 1865, was in 'favor in the
«>arly part of 1S64 and there might be seen
there, as well, as at Bert'« Now Idea, lo
eated on . . Commercial street, above
Kearny, really Interesting variety bills,
as well as a line of freaks and curiosities.
"The Menkln" was an uncommonly bril
liant woman, «n accomplished linguist and
a charming poetess. In Paris ahe was
much admired and sought after and was a
warm friend of Dumas Fere. .
As .she was strikingly youthful in ap •
pearance and was brilliantly beautiful, it
will surprise some of those who saw her
in 1864 to know that she wag than in her"
thirtieth year and had already been mar
ried three times. She began her stage
career as a danseuse in New Orleans,
where she was born," and she Embraced
the Hebrew faith when she married Al
exander Isaacs Menken in 1S56. Her.sec
ond husband was John C. Heenan, the
pugilist, who was known as the Beriicla
Boy. They were married in 1859 and dt •'
vorced In 1862, and her third husband was
R. C. Newell, who wrote over the nom de
""plume? of Orpheus C. Kerr. Mr. Newell
came with her to this coast the next year,
when she made her debut ln"Mazeppa"
at Magulre's Opera-house August 24 to an
Immense audience. In 1865 she was di
. vorced from. Mr. Newell and in 1866 was
married to James Barclay. She was very
successful aa a manager as well as an
actress thereafter and her tour of Europe
included Paris, her knowledge of the
French language securing her a "favorable
reception.
« Although she went over to London and
was directress of the Sadlers'. Wells for a
short lime, she returned to Purls, where
she died in 1SU8. nnd wan Intem-d In Pera
la Chaise temporarily.^her, final resting
place being Mont rarna«so ( Cemetery.
Three-popular players_ appeared at ben
efits, then bade "au revoir" to San Fran
cisco and went East April 23, 1864. They
were J. B. Booth Jr., La Petite Lotta
and Adah Isaacs Menken, the last of
whom had such an eventful career that it
is well to mention her specially at this
time.
rated actresses were orominent In man
agement and in March. 1R64, Sally Stark
and Emily Jordan (formerly Emily
Thorn e) reopened, the Metropolitan for a
brief dramatic season with the first reo
resentation of "Leah the Forsaken," by
Dr. H. M. Blen. •' ' f
Of Ch&rletr Kean, the great tragedian,
America had already heard the most crcd
ltSble report. ' He' was recognised and « j>-
P> eetated'iUj once, as . In fact were all the
members 'of his talented company, but ho
Although the newt came that .Mrs.
Thomas Thome, had died of cholera in
China; Charles" Thome Jr.; Messrs H.
Clifton and, L. W. Brown sailed for that
country ,on the 21*t, but on October 1 there
anlVed from'AUBtrnlla th« following emi
nent artists, who opened on the 8th In a
grand presentation of "King Henry VIII"
at the opera-house; Mr. and Mr«. Charles
Kean, Mist CHnpman, Mr. Cathcart, Mr.
Everett and George Coppln.
The Wheatlelghs returned from the
Eaat June. S and were warmly received.
Tl»« Hichlngs had long ' and prosperous
ts't'HMins of both Italian and Kngllsh opera
K'fore they returned to the East.
The entire Thome ' outnt, excepting
Charles Jr.; sailed for the Celestial em
pire May 11, but they had scarcely gone
when In the lead of tlw procession of new
comers then arrived Caroline /Richings,
operatic artiste, and her father, the well
known actor, who opened at the Academy
on the 30th in "The Enchantress."
Nr. previous period In the theatrical his
tory had witnessed a greater influx of
sterling actors. The city by. the Golden
Gate had become world-renowned as tne
Mecca for high-class people in any pro
fession. They were a little tardy in be
ginning to come, but once started; they
made 1864 a memorable year.' . ..
It was equally notable for the departures
for China, which air at once sprang into
Importance as an amusement field. ','
Every Sunday resort was well patron
ized and ' there began among the clergy
and ' other religionists j another crusade
against Sunday performances at the
theaters. Nothing was done of a serious
nature, however, and there never has been
a time in the history of the Golden City
when respectable entertainments were for
bidden. If a law to that effect was en
acted it was certain to become a dead
letter.. - ¦ .'
Owing to the destruction by fire of the
main- building at Willows Park early In
1SG4, several other outside . places did an
increased business, the Pavilion, at Hayes
Park, being particularly popular. . ,
Manager E. G. Bert also made a success
ful venture with Ben Cotton's Minstrels at
the Eureka in July and it was for a com
plimentary benefit to tlys popular gen
tleman that Lotta made her farewell ap
pearance on April 21! at the Metropolitan.
5THE MAN THAT HELPED JERRY McGOVERN. "THE TERRIBLE" TO MAKE HIS FORTUNE
TWO years ago James J. Corbett,
accompanied, by a California friend,
walked into "the Broadway Athletic
Club. New York, amid the cheers of
nght-thlrsty spectators, who had
come together for the purpose of seeing
Terry McGovern make one of his whirl
wind finishes.
Corbett bowed acknowledgments to the
ovation and said to his guest of the even-
Ing: "I may get a hand or two from the
crowd, but you will see to-night a boy
who Is the greatest fighter that has ever
lived. He's a human fighting machine.
All that is necessary is for somebody, to
look out for him before the fight, see that
he is In good shape and place him in the
ring. The boy will do the rest."
And Corbett's words fit the facts ex
actly. There Is a man behind Terry Mc-
Govern who looks out for every little de
tail of his life.
That man is Sam Harris. Without him
McGovern would be lost He has depend
ed upon this man for four years and in all
that time Terry has not proved In any
manner or means recalcitrant to Harris'
suggestions. The manager wields an ab
solute power over the fighter, yet at no
time Is it displayed In any way but a mild
suggestion.
McGovern in the ring forgets everything
else but his pugilistic business. He steps
inside the ropes for one set purpose, to
lay low his antagonist with the' utmost
dispatch. If the measure of success hangs
upon accomplishment of purpose, no one
in this world has been more successful
than this same little terror in gloves.
That Is but one form of his success. No
man fights professionally for the pure love
cf fighting. The desideratum Is always
money and the more money a prizefighter
can earn, just so much more is he suc
cessful.
McGovern Is the fighter, Harris Is the
money earner, and between the two they
have builded a bank roll that would
satisfy many men the rest of a long
natural life.
McGovern is by no means a boy under
the domination or mastery of another
mind. He has picked out a -manager and
he allows the manager to manage.
Terry win talk to you on divers sub
jects, but the moment you stray into the
forbidden realm he is at you with his pe
culiar, frank and pleasant smile: and
•'You'd better see Harris about that."
This is strange in the pugilistic camp.
Theatrical stars have their managers, but
¦with the majority of pugilists there is
such a strong love of lingual exercise in
their make-up that they nullify every ef
fort made in their behalf by the so-called
managers.
Harris is more to McGovern than a
manager of his business affairs. He looks
out for the big little fellow's private mat
ters and invests the money that the fight
ing brings into the exchequer. He has
made some lucky speculations for McGov
ern. The two are practically partners in
many business ventures, which in the ag
gregate represent considerably more than
1100,000, all of which owes its basic
strength to the use of a wonderfully clev
er pair of fists and the bright, shrewd
brain of a skillful entrepreneur.
McGovern and Harris have plunged into
the theatrical business, and they run
stables and they give fights, all of which
have proved to be remunerative.
Prizefight promoters, north, east,
south and west, have tried to break
through the Harris crust which shells
McGovern in completely. They have ex
erted every effort to deal with the feath
erweight himself; they have gone so far
as to promise untold benefits if the Ter
rible Teddy would only do this and that
end agree to fight without dragging his
manager into the negotiations. They
might as well try the repression of the
tide. Harris Is McGovern when it comes
to business, a fact that more men than
one have discovered in their match-mak
ing endeavors.
The following incident will show how
implicitly McGovern relies upon Sam Har
ris: Frank Erne, the lightweight cham
pion, is bristling in his desire to get a re
turn match with the champion feather
weight. On Sunday last he drove out to
the Casino, the then training quarters of
the latter, to beard the lion in his den.
After salutations and hand-shaking Mc-
Govern and Erne sifted out of the crowd
of idlers and the curious and had a quiet
heart to heart talk. Erne, who is his own
manager, steered the conversation to a
match between the two. McGovern felt
•what was coming and before Erne had
a chance to reach the vital question Mc-
Govern was there with his Harris answer,
the shibboleth of the McGovern-Harris
forces.
"Don't count me in the game at all."
says Terry. "Why. I will fight anybody
under the sun. Sharkey or Jeffries if need
be, if Harris tells me to." But there is
no need of Terry McGovern fearing that
he will be matched with Sharkey, Cor
l-ott. McCoy. Jeffries, Ruhlin or even the
pugilistic shades and departed spirits
of the bodies of some of those fistic
gladiators who have outlived their pecu
liar kind of usefulness. Harris knows
whom to match and whom not to
match with his world-beater. The
story of McGovern's ring career has
the strains of Harris running through it
from beginning to end. Now that- the
fighter has won everything he puts his
lists to, Harris can dictate terms and con
ditions, and if any outsider imagines' for
a moment that the manager neglects a
chance to squeeze the best of the bargain
let him read the signed articles when a
match is being made.
McGovern is still the McGovern. as far
as fighting ability goes, and the manager
puts a high valuation on his principal's
capacity for money-making.
It was four, years ago when Sam Har
ris first took hold of the "Fighting Ma
chine." the name that Jim Corbett first
bestowed upon the Terrible Terry. Har
ris saw McGovern's capability as a fight
er. He was a raw lad of fine physique,
without much talent as a boxer, but with
a spirit for administering punishment that
few of the heavy-weights ever displayed.
He was then as he is now— a natural
lighter. Harris* keen eye saw that this
boy would develop. His physique was ui>-
like that of any other feather-weight. Mc-
Govern's sturdy frame, his big muscles
and his remarkable strength, combined
with a readiness to give and to take all
a fight' ever offered, meant much to Har
ris as he saw the then unknown young
ster end the fistic career of a man better
acquainted with the ways of the ring.
From that time . on McGovern placed
.himself entirely in the hands of Harris.
He himself realizes that the manager's
shrewdness has done more for him than
he could hope to secure by representing
himself. At first It was difficult to find
fights for Terry, but after . a -while,
through the persistence of the manager
good fighters gave him a chance. They
all fell- before this fist churner. In the
beginning the fighting World looked upon
this new comer as something not quite
explicable, and laughed at Harris when'
he asked for matches with the best feath
er-weights of the day. Harris, in turn
laughed in his quiet way as one after an
other they were all toppled over by Mc-
Govern, until to-day there is no one in his
class left to meet him. ¦
It was Harris' shrewdness that won
the match for McGovern when Frank
Erne was knocked out. Erne agreed to
fight at 128 pounds and to put out Mc-
Govern in ten rounds: Erne at 128 pounds
was a weakened man, incapable of doing
himself justice. In his anxiety to reach
the weight limit he went one and a half
pounds under it. Harris said before -the
tight. "Erne can't fight his best at that
weight." Terry thinks about these things
and tha.t Is why, to him, the manager's
word Is a' law of its own.
This country has seen some prizefight
managers, Tom O'Rourke and Billy Brady
and Parson Davies being the most promi
nent. Harris' name -will be added- to the
list of the big successful ones, although he
has had but one big man— and he happens
to be a small one— under his hands. Har
ris is not like O'Rourke. The oily smooth
ness, the suave, patting manner that fair
ly stuck out on O'Rourke are not com
penents of Harris* personality. - He is a
quiet, businesslike majt, agreeable of man
ner and has many friends. His strongest
quality is tact. He goes about the coun
try making friends and is well liked out
side of the class of fight promoters who
fail to land Terry for . their, clubs. .
This manager has many irons In the
fire and the handles of most of them are
Terry McGovern. The theatrical venture,
the stable of race horses and the primal
business of the principal, fighting, have
made the firm of ' McGovern & Harris
very opulent. The firm has a senior part
ner who dominates all, other members,
but rules in such a way as never to pro
voke a ruffle on the equanimity of the
subject. -
The day that the party arrived from
the East McGovern thought he would go
to the race track. In fact, he said he
wanted to go very much, » The crowd was
gathered around him in the Palace court
and an idea suddenly struck Terry that
he should see Harris first before deciding
upon his individual movements. Harris
said: "No: we'll go to the training quar
ters." Terry simply said, "All right." And
they went where Harris pointed the finger.
While making the general statement
v_ at a , woman's testimony is . as trust
worthy as a man's and perhaps more so,
there is % case, however, where the
rule will' hot applyTand that is when a
mother is testifying In behalf of a child
accused of an offense. In such instances
the mother will almost invariably stretch
a point or two in order to save her child,
but perhaps this is more than pardonable.
Judging from the verdicts of juries in
case3 that have been tried before me
where the evidence of a woman was ar
rayed against the evidence of a man,
I. would say that people generally place
more confidence in\t.he testimony of a
woman than of a man,' because in every
Instance the jury has returned a verdict
Jn accordance with the evidence given by
the woman. I recall one case in particu
lar, tried recently before a jury where
the evidence of one. woman prevailed
as against the direct contradiction of
three ir.ale witnesses.
ALFRED J. FRITZ.
SEEM TO HAVE v BUT ONE
' FAULT. \ '
«*V*/ VERY difficult question to answer
[ I in a few words, "Is a woman's tts-
I j timony as trustworthy as a
V. I man's?"
JL I say as a general proposition the
testimony of a woman on the witness
TO the question, "Is a woman's tes
timony as trustworthy as a
man's?", I would make answer in
the affirmative.
'I believe that as a general rule
a woman has more regard for the
solemnity of an cath than a man. At
least they have so impressed me while
taking the oath and giving their evidence.
I have also noticed that a woman will
give more attention to details than a man
and observe many small things that
would escape the average male witness.
HAVE MORE REGARD FOR AN
OATH.
In answering the question propounded it
must be remembered that many among
the women who appear in courts do. not
represent the average woman.
By reason of her intultiveness woman is,
perhaps, more desirous to have her opin
ions received as testimony than is man,
but when the rules of evidence prohibit
ing the statement of conclusions are ap
plied no reason will appear why her testi
mony should be deemed less trustworthy
than the testimony of a man.
FRANK J. MURXSKY.
Courts receive with caution the evidence
of the swift witness, the hostile witness,
the abnormally litigious person, the per
son of weak memory, the -witness with the
photographic memory who pretends to re
collect, accurately the most minute de
tails of immaterial. matters, the witness
who cannot be mistaken, the over- voluble
witness and the witness who seeks to im
pose his conclusions upon the court in
stead of the facts about which he is being
interrogated; hut these types are not con
fined to either sex.
Considering the many and varied Influ
ences of environment which surround the
Individual in our day tending to affect his
point of view. It would sometimes seem
that the narrat'on of a plain statement of
facts has become a fine art. Where self
interest, the desire to win, the prejudices
of education, commercial and social stand
ing, pride of wealth, or despair of poverty
are involved. It is difficult to separate
facts from conclusions; or to make unem
"bellished and accurate statements.
Lapses from the' truth, the coloring of
facts and the suppression of testimony,
however, are not more noticeable among
women than among men witnesses; as
many among the stronger sex as among
the weaker are prone to disregard the ob
ligation to tell the whole truth, and to for
get that to tell less than the whole truth
is to deceive.
Is the confidence which the law ex
presses In the woman's testimony justi
fied?
What position would a woman 'occupy in
the forum where her rights are being de
termined if, in addition to the rules
which apply when judging the credibility
of all -witnesses, there should be applied
to her the faintest assumption that be
cause she is a woman her statements are
worthy of less trust than those of her
male opponent? *
IT may be said, by way bf preface, that
there are certain virtues practically
monopolized by women, and others
(though very few, it must be frankly
acknowledged) that are oftener found
in men than In women. But neither the
truth-telling virtue nor its antithetic vice.
lying, can be credited to, or charged
against the one eex more than the other.
I do not ignore the obvious fact that the
various virtues which go to make up -what
we commonly call "good character" are
attributable in part to heredity and in a
degree to moral training. So true is this
that generally speaking if we but know a
man's pedigree to be good — good not in the
sense In which • self-nominated "blue
bloods" boast of high descent, but good
in that it bespeaks a virtue-lovine an
cestry, whether of high or low degree so
cially and further know his moral train
ing- to have been good, we assume that
heredity and moral education dovetailing
in that man's conscience make him im
mune against many vices and Crimea.
The fact that occasionally a man thus
doubly fortified against temptation be
comes a flagrant -wrongdoer, merely Il
lustrates the exception to the general
rule.
But. in dealing with the vice of lying,
all the tests by which we determine char
acter generally fall us to some extent,
just as, according to the sage dictum of
the village weather prophet, all signs fail
in sunny weather. The only inference I
draw from this fact is that lying mav be
differentiated from the other vices in
this. The tendency or proneness to vice
in general is the result (as above inti
mated of a natural tendency in that di
rection, due to heredity training or to
the t-* - o factors working In combination,
while upon the other hand the specific
vice, lying, is largely a matter of consti
tutional propensity which, though modi
fied, can never be altogether controlled
by artificial correctives. Or, in other
words, a person having this Inborn lying
tendency will ever remain a liar, despite
all that may be done to eradicate it in the
way of even the best moral training.
Just as on the other hand a
person otherwise weak and prone to vice
will be truthful even if this, like that
of Byron's Corsair, his one vlr-
many as trustworthy as a man's f"
That question is being discussed all
over the United States and has
awakened so much interest tlial The
Sunday Call has asked some of
San Francisco's prominent Judges
for an expression of their opinion,
founded on their own experience
with witnesses.
SEX REALLY MAKES NO DIF
FERENCE
tlxe question, "Is a woman's tcsti-
/N an unfortunate and unguard
ed moment, at least from the
viewpoint of the fair sex, a
Chicago Judge made remarks that
led his listeners to understand that
he was not partial to women as
truthful witnesses. In fact he said
tluxt a woman's testimony was by
no means as reliable as that of a
man. Then immediately sprang up
tue, be linked with a thousand crimes.
Tne best evidence, to my mind, that i
am not wrong in this view is that the ex
pression "he is a constitutional liar" Is a
hackneyed phrase often used in speaking
of men known, as a tactful Japanese eu
phoniously expressed it, to habitually
"say the thing that is not."
All that I have thus far said mav seem
not to bear upon the question you ask.
and yet it is relevant as explanatory of
answer I ain about to make thereto.
Witnesses, with reference to their credi
bility, may be divided into three general
classes — the witness who. In the language
of the witness' oath, tells "the truth, the
whole truth and nothing but the truth";
the witness who tells a He, a whole lie
and nothing but a lie, and the witness
who aims to tell the truth, but unwitting
ly, by reason of an excitable imagination,
inflamed by bias of one sort or another,
deviates widely therefrom. This third
division admits of several subdivisions,
but the above general classification must
serve our present purpose.
I must say that I cannot recall any
woman, testifying before me, whom I could
justly assign to the second class— that
of the deliberate, perjured liars; but more
than* one man -whose testimony I have
heard I unhesitatingly place there.
Within the first class— those who tell
the strict truth irrespective of the re
sult—I place a number of witnesses, about
caually divided as to sex.
Up to this point honors are largely with
the women. It is when I come to deal
with the third class above mentioned that
woman comes to grief.
The average witness, even more than
he or she realizes, is a partisan; and be
ing a partisan. Is often" unconsciously and
therefore Innocently influenced by strong
partisan feeling to believe that to be true
which best serves the interest of the par
ty in whose behalf the witness testifies.
women are more susceptible than men,
I think, to this weakness, though it is a
defect it must be confessed that oft
leans to virtue's side. For its mainspring,
in n-.cst instances, is sympathy or love.
Yet it Is a fact that must be reckoned
with by lawyers and Judges, and tends
frequently to detract from the credibility
or trustworthiness of a woman's sworn
statement. For the ultimate fact to be
re-eclved from a witness' testimony is the
truth or falsity of his statement, rather
than a sentimental and metaphysical in
quiry as to why his testimony, if false,
is so.
Everything considered, I do not feel
warranted In saying that women are less
trustworthy than men as witnesses. In
deed, if a positive answer to your ques
tion were insisted upon, I would feei it
my duty to say that woman, in the ab
stract. Is more regardful than man of the
sanctity of an oath.
GEORGE H. CABANISS.
VERY TRUSTWORTHY ARE
WOMEN.
IS a woman's testimony as trust
worthy as a man's?
Yes.
Responding to the Influence of mod
ern belief the law has granted
woman the right to acquire and convey
property, to engage in business, to parti
cipate in the management of corpora
tions, and to administer the estates of de
ceased persons. The exercise of these
rights frequently causes litigation and
necessitates the taking of woman's testi
mony. Were there the slightest presump
tion of the possibility of a difference be
tween the worth of a woman's word
and the word of a man the granting of
these powers would be a mockery, for one
of the fundamentals of litigation is that
every -witness is presumed to speak the
truth. Such presumption may be over
come in many ways, but to Impair it by
any supposition that the credibility or
trustworthiness of a witness may be af
fected by any consideration of sex would
destroy the value of judicial inquiries.
?O"/ S to testimony in criminal cases I
/ I must "say that a woman as a wit-
I j ness is just as keen In her percep-
V, I tion of events that have happened
jl as a man and in many instances
mere so, and particularly as. to identifi
cation. In a matter of identification a
woman' can at one glance take in the
whole situation, even to the particular ap
pearance and dress of the person to. be
identified. The Durrant case, which pre
liminary examination was held In the de
partment of the Police Court over which
I preside, demonstrated this theory most
clearly. For instance. A man might
meet a friend of his every day for a week,
and when asked what kind, color and pat
tern of a necktie his friend wore could
rot, for the life of him. tell you; button
the other hand, 'a woman just casually
introduced to that friend once can next
day describe the person and his dress wi*;»
Sitting as Judge of the Police Court for
several years I have heard innumerable
witnesses, men and women, and I have
always directed myself to observing- their
manner on the -witness stand and their
style of delivery, therefore consider mv
self somewhat of an expert on the sub
ject. My calm, deliberate judgment is that
a woman's testimony is equally as trust
worthy as the testimony of a man.
E. P. MOGAN,
KEEN PERCEPTION OF
EVENTS.
The only fault I have observed in wo
men testifying is a desire at times to
dwell upon unimportant details and a few
instances where they favored the admis
sion cf hearsay testimony. Men have been
equally guilty In- this respect, however.
When there Is something at stake and by
stretching the testimony the object may
be attained, I have never been able to ob
serve any circumstance that convinced me
that a woman's testimony is less trust
worthy than a man's.
stand is equally as reliable as the testi
mony of trie man, but there may be excep
tions and in that case one must be ac
quainted with the specific circumstances
in order to j frame an opinion.
In declaring this conclusion I do not
leave out of view the claim, which is so
frequently asserted, -that a man Is more
likely than a woman to reach a hard
headed understanding of a given situation
upon which their respective senses may
operate — that his sentiments and emotions
would have lesa play in the formation of
his impressions. . .
Those who subscribe to this opinion ac
count for man's superiority upon theories
of inherited temperamental advantages,
and the- claim that he is vouchsafed a
closer experience in and intimacy with,
those elements which deal with the actu
alities rather than the sentimentalities of
human existence. In other words, the
claim is that by inherited qualities and
worldly training, a man is better qualified
to scientifically resolve Into facts the evi
dence of things which are presented to his
senses than are the members of the
gentler sex. . • . .
In support of this theory it is further
pointed out that these disparities between
the sexes have continued so long that
man's advantage is fundamental, and
that while the enlarged range of woman's
activity in the material affairs of life in
recent days is calculated to neutralize
these disadvantages in women that never
theless nothing but the slow process of
time will cause the disparities to disap
pear.
It is probably not to be denied that- by
virtue of man' 1 ! nature, mental tendency to
deal with realities rather than sentiments,
and hfs superior worldly training, he has
a natural advantage over, woman in deal
ing with secular affairs,, and from that
should be elicited from a twofold as
pect of the question presented— first,
where the element of sentimental interest
is wanting in the giving of testimony, and
second, where that element is present. I
shall give my views in that order.
Under the flrdt aspect I must venture an
unqualified affirmative answer to the
question. Broadly speaking, I believe that
the testimony r.t a woman is as depend
able as a man's, and that it will serve
eouallv the interests of truth."
IS A woman'? testimony as trustworthy
as a man's?"
From my point of view, and for the
purposes of differentiation, the answer
born liars and cannot speak the
truth; the same may be said of some men.
My experience has taught me that no
general rule w'll apply to either sex. I
have met many women whose word was
worth far more to me than that of many
men. Likewise, have I met many men
whose word w.as verity itself. Perjury is
committed more often than any crime
known to the law, but it is impossible to
say which sex is most prone to commit it.
With some people lying Is a disease, in my
opinion as prevalent with one sex as with
the other. The female liar, though, seems
to lie from the mere lust of lying. Sex.
however, cannot govern the credence to
be given to testimony. I find that a care
ful observation of the manner of the wit
ness, the expression of the face, together
with the movements of the hands and
feet, the intonation of the voice and the
presence or absence of the liar's hacking
cough and clearing of the throat are tests
of the greatest service in determining the
verity of testimony. CARROLL COOK.
TWOFOLD ASPECT TO BE
CONSIDERED.
WHETHER a woman's testimony
is as trustworthy as a man's de
pends upon the woman; also up
on the man. Some women are
accuracy to a marked degree. Yes, I re
peat that in all my experience as a crimi
nal lawyer, prosecuting officer and Judge
I must 'say that a woman's sense of per
ception, and particularly as to identifica
tion, is as perfect if not more so than
that of a man. C. T. CONLAN.
NO GENERAL RULE CAN
APPLY.
Upon a comprehensive view of the sub
ject It is my opinion that the sexes are
equally trustworthy as witnesses.
"WILLIAM P. LAWLER.
Such Illustrations might be multiplied
to an extent as to leave in doubt the
question whether they represent the ex
ceptions or the rule.
Some time since a domestic, to whom
her female employer had become quite
attached, was on trial on a charge of
having committed grand larceny of the
property ; of her mistress, which under
the facts of the case involved a serious
betrayal of confidence. Upon the em
ployer's clean-cut testimony the unfor
tunate girl was convicted. 'And yet be
tween the sessions of the trial and with
a rare kindliness, the former employer
was seen to be yielding consolations to
the discredited employe. This witness
would undoubtedly have been gratified If
the defendant had been spared, but that
gratification found no expression in the
convincing story she told to the Jury.
The defense In a recent rather desper
ate cas'e Included a claim that on account
of an affront offered to the affianced
sweetheart of the defendant by the de
ceased in the case the defendant was
moved to a state of mind which culmin
ated in homicide. The opposing claim,
was that no such affront was offered by
the deceased. The affianced sweetheart
was placed upon the witness stand In the
confident expectation that the claim, of
the defense would be sustained by her
story. It soon became apparent, how
ever, from the distressed manner of the
witness that the expectation would not
be realized, and consequently the claim
ended in theory.
But this- is not always so. Woman's
conscience is frequently seen to be tho
master even over the claim of ties of
blood and affinity or the pressure of other
sentiments. Several Illustrations may be
cited: Two boys were Jointly charged
with crime. They were either jointly in
nocent or jointly guilty. The respective
mothers appeared as witnesses. One sub
scribed squarely to what was afterward
demonstrated to be a bogus alibi. The
other faltered and finally declined .to give
countenance by false testimony to the
effort to save the lads from merited
punishment. And to an observer the
conscientious mother was the more gen
uinely concerned over the outcome of the
trial.
I have some reserve in my answer to
the second aspect of the question— where
the element of sentimental Interest la
present in the giving of testimony— Is a
woman as trustworthy as a man?
I am possessed of a spirit of reserve be
cause I believe that where t,he maternal
instincts are involved a woman's testi
mony is apt to be subject to some legiti
mate discount. The disposition to come
to the rescue of an offspring 1 , whether the
latter be culpable or not, is pronounced
In many mothers. It may be said of
courts of justice that this experience la
not unusual and it may also be pointed
out that the men upon "whom the duty
rests to weigh such testimony In the In
terests of truth and Justice rarely resolve
it against the mother's story of an alibi
or whatever the particular defense may
be. Daughters and sisters sometimes
lend their testimony against the dictates
of truth to save the family honor from
the felonious taint. The laws of affinity
likewise make responsive though illegiti
mate demands upon female witnesses.
Not infrequently the case of the prose
cutor Is relieved of Its potentials by the.
groundless story of a wife or sweetheart.
standpoint has a superior claim upon the
science of truth. But I claim that under
the law of compensations and for other
reasons this advantage Is overcome. For
the very absence of worldliness in human
nature increases the disposition to tell the
truth, and this assumption. Joined to the
fact that -woman's more delicate percep
tions enable her to form more Impres
sions from what she sees and hears and
thus to contribute with fidelity the small
details which form so Important a part in
the determination of facts and the scien
tific ascertainment of truth, easily place
her on an even plane with the lords of
creatioh. In short, a woman's very un
worldliness an-1 impressionableness supply
compensating advantages.
THE i SUNDAY CALL.
IS A WOMAN'S TESTIMONY
AS TRUSTWORTHY
AS A MAN'S
6Ate Six Hundred Doffars' Worth of Eggs
eggs that I was so anxious to find. Not
supposing that he was interested in my
branch of science, I mentioned In a cas
ual "way that the shells were of the egg
of a certain species of yellow pheasant
that I was exceedingly anxious to find or
secure. Then he told me that in his wan
dering up on the mountain that morn-
Ing he had found a nest containing the
eggs, and finding that they were fresh he
had eaten them, six in all. Then it was
my turn to talk, and when I had told him
that the eggs were very rare and that I
would willingly pay $100 apiece for them
he looked disgusted, and actually turned
pale. He had been having rather a naid
run of luck and felt very sorry, of course,
that he had unawares partaken of such a
high-priced breakfast. He thought he
might be able to find another nest there
abouts and offered to furnish me six eg?s
of the same species for a sum consider
ably less than $600, which offer I accepted.
We hunted together all that day an-1
every day for a week, but to no purpose.
Three months later I made a similar find
myself, but at a place 300 miles distant
from there. The eggs I found are in the
Smithsonian yet, and as far as I know
are about the only eggs of that particular
species In any collection In this country.
A year ago I got a letter from the pros
pector. He Is still In Colorado, but says
he has never been able to eat an egg of
any kind since."— Washington Star. .
eat, observed a well-known scien
tist to a Star reporter, "but I can certify
that a man ate that amount of eggs and
that he told me after he got away with
them that they had not fully satisfied
his hunger. Ten minutes after he had
finished his meal he complained that the
eggs did not seem to sit well In his stom
ach. It happened in this way. Several
years since I was out In the Rocky Moun
tains, In Colorado, hunting eggs for the
Smithsonian Institution. I was Instructed
to devote special attention to pheasant
eggs and to one variety In particular, tho
yellow pheasant, popularly called, which
were then as now, very scarce. The trip
was on the whole rather successful,
though I did not find many of the par
ticular pheasant eggs referred to. One
morning I found myself on one of the
high mountains which surround the city
of Georgetown, Colo. I had had my own
br*akfa*t In the .town and rode up the
mountain on a burro carrying on my
search for pheasant eggs. About 10
o'clock I ran across a mine prospector,
who was Just finishing up his breakfast.
After spending some time in conversation
with him, and as I was about leaving
him, I noticed some pieces of egg shell
on the ground. To my surprise and de
light they were the shells of the pheasant
3 IX HUNDRED dollars' worth of
eggs would seem to be a rather
heavy breakfast for one man to
This basket, was used a half-century
ago, when the then marvelous enginering
feat of bridging the Niagara River just
below the falls was undertaken. The bas
ket was made for the purpose of carrying
the workmen across the river after the
cable ' was secured, but , the first person
actually to cross was Colonel Eugene
Childs, now a resident of Minneapolis,
then a boy of 17, who had been born and
reared within sight of the falls. Colonel
Childs was one of four to make this- first
trip, and the distinction was awarded him
on account of the part which he took In
successfully carrying out the plans of the
engineer. , - •
With the aid of one or two companions
he flew a kite across the 1100 feet between
shore and shore, successfully landing it
upon the further shore. To the string o of
the kite was attached a heavier cord, and
still a heavier one, until,' after the usual
manner, a sufficiently strong rope was
pulled across to draw after it the one-
Inch cable of thirty-six wire strands, the
end3 of which were then firmly embedded
ket is about five feet long and four
feet broad and is made of iron strips. In
terlaced after the fashion of a common
splint basket. _ No one would ever guess
its purpose were it not labeled after the
manner of museum curios.
f? N the museum at Buffalo; N. Y., there
is an iron basket which always arouses
II the curiosity of the visitor. The bas-
He has now retired from active business
life, and his home Is in one of the lake
suburbs of Minneapolis.— Pittsburj Dis
patch.
With boyish enthusiasm they accepted
the offer. To each end of the basket was
attached a strong rope, which ran over a
windlass on each side of the-i#ver. Every
thing was made safe and tbe boys started
on their novel journey.- They were only a
hundred feet below the plunging cataract
and directly over the whirling rapids, at
an elevation of more than 160 feet. Colonel
Childs confesses that there were blanched
faces in that Iron basket before it reached
the opposite shore and was drawn back
-again. But the trip was one of the expe
riences of his life which he would not
willingly forget, although the hair-raislns
sensations which he underwent while sus
pended in midair over Niagara are as dis
tinctly recalled as are any of the more
tangible events of the day, and the odd
looking iron basket in the museum has a
very special significance for him.
Colonel Childs served during the civil
war as captain cf Company A. Fifth Iowa
Infantry, until 1363, and In 1S63 as colonel
of the 'Forty-seventh Veteran Volunteers
of Iowa.
First Man to Cross Niagara in a Basket
in the solid rock. So well did he succeed
with his kite-flying that when the strong
cable was firmly Implanted and the iron
basket made ready for the workmen who
were to cross to the opposite shore, he,
with his companions, was singled out as
deserving of making the first trip.
"I don't know what the Almighty can
be thinking of at all," he commented.
"First he sends us a bad fishery and' now
he sends us a damned Norwegian full of
rocks."- Obviously, from, this view of It,
some. trifling gain.- ;¦ .
When a magistrate was dispatched to
the scene with a posse of police to compel
restitution and punish -the offenders, the
mother of the ringleader waited upon the
Judge with an ingenious plea for mercy:
"Oh, Judge, don't -be too hard on the
poor boys!"-she said. " 'Tis not often they
get a chance at anything. Why did them
steamer people keep so close to the shore,
putting temptation in the way of poor
people?" ,
The Judge was callous, and a sentence
of six months -in the penitentiary g?ve
the wreckers ample opportunity to cogi
tate on the unwisdom of giving way to
such temptations In future. -
A few miles distant a large , Norwegian
bark in ballast was driven ashore In a
fierce gale.. The, crew promptly scrambled
ashore and left., her to Her 'fate, glad- to
escape "with their lives. When the storm
abated the fishermen from the neighbor
hood assembled in force and stripped her.
Again was j the magistrate ¦¦ dispatched
with his minions, and again was swift and
sure Justice administered to the offend
ers. On this occasion It was the elderly
father of one of the strapping young
fishermen who pleaded for his erring- off
spring.
intervention of providence in their behalf.
Promptly was the ship looted, from keel
son to truck, and everything portable was
conveyed to some secure hiding places,
while what could not be easily, moved
was hacked into convenient pieces for
transport,' or smashed into fragments for
uge of German concertinas, and the -loss
of the" Hanoverian in 1890 provided the
shore with such a stock of Chicago can
ned meat that it is said it is still a staple
article of diet there'.— New York Sun.
Mysteries and Crimes of Newfoundland Wrecks.
<=jr=-HE rugged coast of Newfoundland
¦ seems to possess some mysterious in
li fluence upon the shipping that fre
quents these waters. Its rock-ribbed
eastern seaboard is lined with the ruins
of hundreds of fine vessels and the bones
of thousands of seamen and passenger^
lie in the deep waters about it.
She became a total loss and three of her
men met a watery grave- but the remain
der of her people, including the captain's
wife, made their way ashore. They were
well received and kindly treated, but their
belongings and those of the ship were re
garded as legitimate spoil by the coast
folk, who look on a wreck as a. merciful
the looting was of no account.
It is a strange moral code these fisher
folk have. There is no danger too great
for them to brave to rescue the unfortu
nates on a wreck. The best In a fisher
man's house is none too good for the
castaway. Yet the very men will then
board a derelict and loot her with a thor-
oughness begotten of long practice. At
the sam,e time they will respect the sail
or's kitbag as religiously as a sacred em
blem.
At another point a large French bark,
buffeted by adverse - winds, 'drifted near
the shore. The crew, being without food,
launched their boat and rowed shoreward,
seeing which six. of the settlers put off
and boarded her. Overjoyed with their
prize they "drank generously of a jar of
brandy which they found In the cabin.
Sleep succeeded, from which they awoke
to find their boat broken adrift and them
selves confined on a ship which had not
a crust. Incredible misery was their por
tion for six long days, when .they at last
succeeded in beating into a harbor.
When the big North German steamship
Herder was lost near Cape Race a few
years ago the natives actually burned
whalebone worth $15,000 a ton to obtain
light to save leather valued at 20 cents a
pound. When the Arbela's cargo was be
ing salvaged ' they ruthlessly smashed In
pieces crates of the daintiest of glassware
for table use to get out two cases of
French ': prayer-books, worth about 25
cents each.
Three men in a nearby harbor once got
ashore a piano,, and having no idea of its
value or. how to_ "dispose of it tried to
solve I the difficulty by the Solomon-like
expedient of sawing it into three pieces.
The Grasbrook wreck enabled the musical
talent of 'a long stretch of coast to be
cultivated through the medium of' a del-
There is a mystery, too, about many of
the wrecks. One day a ship is seen sailing
safe on her way. The next day, perhaps,
fragments come ashore to tell of her fate,
but the manner of her loss may never be
known. The recent mysterious loss of the
steamer Lucerne is a case in point.
About the same time as the Lucerne,
and a few miles nearer St. Johns, a
schooner or square-rigged sailing craft,
met her doom under equally mysterious
circumstances. No clew has been obtained
to her Identity. All that is known is that
her wreckage in splintered form strews
the shore of Blackhead, three miles from
St. Johns. . . . _...
Another mystery identified with Baca
lieu, where the Lucerne went down, was
the loss of the steamer Lion,; fifteen years
ago. She left St. Johns for Trinity, a seven
hours' run. On a brisrht, clear winter's
night she disappeared and the body of a
woman passenger, floating on the tide the
next day, was the sole evidence from then
until now of her taking off.
A few years later the same locality
chronicled another mysterious disappear
ance, that of the schooner Emmeline. She
was bound from St. Johns; to Twillingate,"
carrying a lot of fisher folk. She "was
seen by another vessel, going the con
trary way, as she made for the entrance
to Bacalieu tickle, or strait, which sepa
rates the Islet from the mainland. That
was about 10 p. m. and the next morning,
some raffle of deck gear was washed
ashore, that being the sole proof that
death had come to all on board.
It was six years ago that the British
cargo-boat Caletro, from Liverpool, for
Baltimore, missed her reckoning in the
fog and crashed Into the promontory that
marks the extent of Bacalieu peninsula.
This takes place at a public meeting of
the consistory in t'ne Sala Regia, one of
It is while on this visit that the Car
dinal receives the final insignia of his
rank— the red hat— at the hands of the
Supreme Pontiff himself.
a year he will .visit the tombs of the
Apostles in Rome.' *
A part cf the cereinonj' is the taking of
an oath by the new Cardinal that within
to the sanctuary to uon the robes of hl3
new rank, the scarlet cassock, lace rochet
and scarlet cappa magna, in which he cel
ebrates a solemn pontifical mass, with a
large number of ecclesiastical dignitaries
as his associates.' '•¦
During these proceedings one of the con
sistorial advocates pleads the cause of
the beatification or canonization of some
person eminent for sanctity. t The new car
dinals then return to the pontifical throne
and the Pope places the red hat on the
head of each one, saying as he does so, in
Latin, "Receive, for the glory of Almighty
God and adornment of the Holy Apostolic
See, this red hat, the sign of unequaled
dignity of the cardinalate, by which It is
declared that even to death by the shed-
The ceremonies open with the "Obedi
ence." This consists of the Cardinals go
ing up one by one to kiss the ring of the
Fisherman. After the professed Cardinals
come the newly elect, who have first
taken, in the Sistine Chapel, the oath of
allegiance prescribed by the Apostolic
constitution, In presence of the Pope, the
Cardinals and the superiors of various re
ligious orders. They enter the consistorial
hall in procession and kiss the hands and
feet of his Holiness, after which they ex
change the accolade, or ecclesiastical em
brace, with their colleagues, beginning
with the senior member of the Sacred Col
lege and ending with the last promoted.
The • most conspicuous portion. of his
vestment is a cape— one mass of gold em
broidery. As he alights and takes hl3
seat on the throne the celebrated Sisttna
Chapel choir bursts forth into a motet
of triumphant welcome. Long rows of
benches are on each j side of him. Here
sit the members of the Sacred College, ir
their full Cardinal robes. On the steps
before their Eminences sit their chaplains,
whose duty It is to hold the scarlet biret
tas on their knees and to gather up the
Cardinals' trains.
Consistorial Etiquette.
the most magnificent apartments of the
Vatican. The Pontiff makes his entry
seated in the gestatorial chair, borne
shoulder high, and wears for the occasion,
not the familiar triple crown, but usually
a miter of white satin, richly adorned
with gold,, the bifurcation of which is
lined with crimson damask.
An Imposing Ceremony.'
The ceremony will take place at high
mass on the Sunday designated by Car
dinal Martinelli. Cardinal Gibbons, the
Archbishops, Bishops and other primates
of the Catholic church and representa
tives of its various religious orders will
all be present. A solemn procession of
these dignitaries will march from Cardi
nal Gibbons' residence around the street
to the main door of the cathedral. When
all have been seated within the sanctuary
Mgr. Martinelli will make his appearance
from the sanctuary, in company with the
ablegate, the Papal Guard and two papal
chamberlains from civil life. He will
•take his seat on a throne prepared for
him opposite the cathedra occupied by
Cardinal Gibbons.
On a table on the gospel s'de rests the
biretta and the accompanying documents.
The noble guard takss up one of the docu
ments and hands it to. the ablegate to
read. It contains the papal authority for
the proceedings ana is in Latin. An ad
dress, also in Latin, is made by the able
gate to the new Cardinal. Cardinal Gib
bons follows with a few words in Latin
and a speech in English. He then places'
the scarlet cap upon the head of the new
prince of the church, who expresses his
thanks in Latin. The" latter then retire*
will again be the secne of the,investUure
of a cardinal with the biretta— the fourth
that has occurred in the United States.
As the crowning ceremony the ring is
now given and the title assigned to each
new cardinal.
"We open your mouths, both la confer
ence and councils, and In the election of
the Sovereign Pontiff, and In all acta
which both In and out of the consistory
pertain to cardinals."
Although this has been described first,
the secret consistory usually comes next
at an Interval of about an hour. This
begins with the ancient ceremony of shut
ting and opening the mouths of the new
cardinals. Formerly the closed mouth
probation lasted for six months, during
which the newly created cardinal was not
allowed to speak in consistories or In
other eccesiastical functions until thor
oughly Initiated in the policy of the Sa
cred College. Nowadays the mouths of
their Eminences are sacred'^- i»>sed be
fore they are opened again with the words
spoken by the Pontiff.
The papal benediction of the assembled
multitude follows, the Pope once more
takes his place In the sedla gestatoria and
is borne out of the Sala Resla, and the
public consistory is over.
But to return. After the Pope has suc
cessively placed the hat for a moment up
on the heads of \he initiates, all the car
dinals, including the new ones, are em
braced one by one by the Pope.
A word. In passing, concerning the red
hat. It Is a peculiar featura of the ward
robe of a cardinal. It Is oddly shaped, the
brim being six feet across. The material
Is cardinal beaver. It is round in shaoe,
and In contrast to the Immense flat brim
is a small, conical shaped crown, quite
too small, apparently, to fit anybody's
head. The sole use to which it is put.
other than symbolizing the distinction of
its recipient at the time it is bestowed. i3
to be hung in the cardinal's church after
his death. Cardinal McCloskey's red hat
Js conspicuously suspended near the high,
altar in St. Patrick's Cathedral. New
York.
Hat Never "Worn.
The same hat serves for the crowning of
all the cardinals. The real hat belonging
to each Is sent subsequently.
ding of thy blood thou shouldst show
thyself Intrepid for the exaltation of the
blessed faith, for the peace and tranquil
ity of the Christian people, for the.in
crease and prosperity of the Holy Roman
Church. In the name of the .Father and
of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. Amen."
§KBAST1AN MARTINELLI. Arch
bishop of Epliesus and Apoptolic
Delegate to the United States, has
been created a Cardinal at the re
cent Papal Consistory.
The peculiar significance that attaches
to the dignity of Cardinal may be under-
Ftool if it be remembered that, though it
Is the Pope who elects the Cardinals, it
1? the Cardinals w'pg in their turn elect
the Pope, for they form the Sacred Col
lege, from which on the death of a Pontiff
Is as a ruie elected his successor in the
chair of St. Peter.
In the history of the Roman Catholic
church the institution cf Cardinals is
comparatively modnn. It was not until
the end of the twelfih century, at the so
called Lateran Council, that in order to
ftop the many abusej which accompanied
the election of the Popes this duty was
henceforth intrusted to the College of
Cardinals, th» constitution of which, with
slight alterations, has existed from that
time, when the primitive election by pop
ular vote and later" by the clergy only,
was restricted to even smaller limits in
the hands of the seventy Cardinals nor
mally forming the Sacred College. As the
repositories cf this august privilege, in
an age when the papacy enjoyed undis
puted political power and preponderance,
Jt can be understood that the Cardinals
wielded an influence which serves to ex
plain the importance accorded to their
personality in the history of the past.
Even now, though the throne of St.
Peter is shorn of its temporal power, it
still exists, and the electing of a new oc
rupant still excites the interest of th«
world. A reflection of the old political
influence enjoyed by the Cardinals still
lingers round the conclaves in which the
traditions of the papacy are handed down
to one more successor of St. Peter, and
It is doubtless with this view that the
Italian element stil! prevails so strongly
in the Sacred College though the cosmo
politan character of that body nowadays
offers a singular contrast to the past.
Only half of the Cardinals are now
of Italian origin. Austria, Germany,
France and Poland are well to the fore.
An Ecclesiastical Democracy.
It is not only cosmopolitan but essen
tially democratic, and thus an exponent
cf that church which Is still to this day
a great republic wherein personal merit
may win even as high a place for its
possessor as it did in the days when the
poor Anglo-Saxon serf. Nicholas Brake
ppere, became Pope under the name of
Adrian IV. Just as according to Na
poleon, every French soldier carries a
marshal's baton in his knapsack, in the
tame manner every faithful son of the
church entering the priesthood may be
said to bear the red hat of a Cardinal In.
his cowl.
The Cardinals owe their appointment
solely to the Pope, who nominates them
at solemn functions known as consistories,
held in the Slstine Chapel at Rome.
A consistory may be divided Into two
ports, the secret and the public.
At the secret consistory the Sacred Col
lege Is questioned as to the creation t of
Cardinals. A chair Is placed at the right
hand of the Pope. All the Cardinals stand
ranged against the wall out of earshot
of his Holiness. In this chair the Dean
of the Sacred College first takes his se^at.
In a low voice the Pope mentions the
name of the prelate upon .whom the car
dinalate Is to be conferred, and asks
"Quid vobis videtur?" ("How seems thi3
to you?") One by one the Cardinals fol
low the Dean to the chair and the same
announcement and query are put to each-
Each has the privilege of answering,
"Place" ("It pleases me"), or "Non
place" ("It does not please me"). It Is*
rare, however, that any or even a consid
erable minority answer "Non place." The
St. Patrick's Cathedral, _ as the mother
church of Catholicity in this country and
the seat of Cardinal Archbishop Gibbons,
In the case of Cardinal Gibbons, Mgr.
Straniero and Count Mucciola were the
messengers from Rome. Archbishop Pe
ter R. Kendrlck of St. Louis, Mo., imposed
the biretta In the cathedral in' Baltimore
on June 30, 18S6, after a mass celebrated
by Archbishop Williams of Boston. ' The
Cardinal went to Rome and was vested
with the red hat and the title of Santa
Maria in Trastavere. .
Although Cardinal McCloskey was made
a member of the College of Cardinals by
Pcpe Pius IX, he received the red hat
from Leo XIII. Ke was summoned to
Rome at the death of Pius IX, but did
not reach there until after the election
of Leo, from whom he received his hat
and his title of Santa Maria Sopra Min
erva.
Mgr. Cesare Roucetti was the ablegate
and Count Marefoschi the member of the
Papal Guard who came- to this country
at the elevation of the late Cardinal Mc-
Closkey. The biretta was imposed by
Archbishop Bayley, then Archbishop of
Baltimore. The ceremony was perform^!
In old St. Patrick's Cathedral in Mott
street, on April 22, 1S75, being preceded by
a solemn pontifical mass, celebrated by
Bishop Loughlin of Brooklyn.
In the case of Satolli the investiture of
the zucchetta took place on December .19,
1S35, at Washington, and that of the biret
ta at St. Patrick's Cathedral in Baltimore
on January 5 following.
Immediately on the arrival of the mes
sengers at the residence of the new Car
dinal, the Noble Guard, at a private audi
ence informally summoned, presents him
with the zucchetta. Then the ablegate
Is introduced. Speeches are made by the
Cardinal and the ablegate, and the Cardi
nal is asked to fix a date for the bestowal
of the biretta.
It may be mentioned that the new prince
of the church is called upon to pay all
the expenses of the journey, as weil as
a fee of $2000 to the ablegate and of $1000
to the Noble Guard. - ,
In the case of Satolli. who was raised
to the cardinalate in 1895. only a member
of the Noble Guard— the Marquis Sacri
panti— was dispatched from Rome with
the credentials, Mgr. Baretti, then resi
dent in Washington,- having been desig
nated by the Pope to act as ablegate on
that occasion.
If, however, the new Cardinal is sta
tioned or resident abroad, a member of
the Pcpe's household, usually a monsig
nor and a member of the Noble Guard.,
the famous Papal troop, are sent to bear
him the zucchetta, the biretta. and the
documents authorizing the investfture ol
the candidate with these minor insignia
of his new rank. The monsignor in this
capacity is known as the ablegate.
The Papal Messengers.
The Cardinals so proclaimed do not re
ceive their hats until the public session
of the next consistory, which may be
days, weeks or months later. If they
happen to be in or near Rome the Pope
meanwhile invests them at private audi
ences, -first with the zucchetta. or skull
cap, and later with the. scarlet biretta.
a square cap, which differs only in color
from those worn by other ecclesiastics.
He then r>roclaims the names of the
new dignitaries, makes the sign of the
cress thrice, saying each time "In the
name of the Father and of the Son and
of the Holy Ghost," and with that the
secret part of the consistory is at an end.
"Thanks he to God, we have, In regard
to the persons to be created, the agree
ment .of all the brethren," or "of almost
all," or "of the majority," as, the case
mar be.
vote having been taken in this manner,
the Pope makes an announcement, still
in Latin, which may be translated thus:
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
ANOTHER RED HAT COMMING
TO AMERICA.- "In vlevr of Dr. Koenlger's discovery
it will be well for every one to keep as far
away as possible from persons who cough
and sneeze. Physicians advise persons
suffering from colds to gargle and keep
their mouths cleansed, but is that suffi
cient and are any such precautions a
guarantee against diphtheria? In any
case a person should always cover hii
mouth with his hand or his handkerch'ef
before he coughs or sneezes. -Sneezing
seems an innocent act, but Dr. Koeni
ger's experiments show that it could very
easily be used as a weapon with which to
commit homicide."
"On the other hand, germs are very
quickly disseminated by coughing and
sneezing, and the smaller the microbes
are the farther they are likely to spread.
Among such tiny microbes are those of
influenza and the plague, whereas among
the larger ones are those of tuberculosis
and diphtheria.
"Dr. Koeniger." he says, "has clearly
proved that a person who speaks, coughs
and sneezes in a room in which there 1*
no appreciable current of air disseminates
germs to a distance of more than seven
meters, and that these germs are carried
in all directions and even to a height of
more than two meters. As few persona
talk alike, the germs dlsseninated by
speech vary greatly, some of them re
maining In suspension for an. hour, and
others only for a quarter of an hour, tfia
latter being especially the case when thera
is even a slight current of air.
comes of the germs that are re
leased when a person speaks, coughs an>l
sneezes, and from the conclusions at
which he has arrived M. Henri de Par
ville. a French scientist, feels Justlflel
in claiming that a person may by simply
sneezing commit homicide.
DR. HERMANN KOENIGER. a Ger
man scientist, has for some time
been trying to find out what b»-
Homicide May Be
Com m itted by
Sneezing.
"The hand that rocks the cradle rules
the -wcild,"- aaUl.it -is tiit tasii taat Mrs.
As I went down the steps I saw the
builders at work on the hill opposite and
I wondered if any of us really knew
"What it all meant." . ' . .
"We have both been girls ourselves,"
she said to me, "and we know what home
life means to the heart of a girl—we know
what it all means!"
Mra. Smith does iipt believe in ostenta
tion. She talks simply of her great
schemes to* share with the homeless her
abundance.
Another ambitious girl in the group has
been granted a scholarship in the univer
sity, showing that the world at large Is
interested.
A voice of rare quality, and execution
on the piano that reveals possibilities have
aroused interest, and a man has under
taken her musical education at his own
expense. •
Talent has been discovered already In
the little band that lives in Grace Cot
tage while waiting for the completion of
its new home.
She hopes that each girl will watch with
interest over the home that bears h"er
name.
The second cottage of the series is to be
called Josephine Cottage, named after the
first girl Mrs. Smith educated. The other
5 cottages are also to be named after girls
that Mrs. Smith has educated.
When the little' family move into their
new home Grace Cottage will hold the
new-formed family until its home Is built.
Then, when they move, Grace Cottage
will hold a third, etc., etc.
Marion Cottage is the one that Is just
finished, named after Mrs. Smith's
daughter.
The little cottage they are housed in
temporarily is called Grace Cottage,
named after Grace Spcrry, a niece of Mr.
Smith.
"Cut whatever the future may hold for
them, these girls' will have grown up in
a home. Thry will have known the vexa
tfor.s and joys of home life— they will
have known what home ties mean — they
will have had 'normal, healthy, happy
childhoods— and I hope they will face the
future, a faithful type of the true-hearted
American woman."
want them to start out with false pride—
or ; false values of life.
Smith has undertaken to guide, to
strengthen and to uplift.
ISABEL FRASER.
T-4E 6a.vc.et, the battle of
flowers, and the songs of little
Children Is the way summer Is to be
ushered Is at Arbor Villa, the beau
tiful home of Mrs. F. M. Smith,
wife of the mu!tf-miil!on?.lre of Oakland—
the friend cf friendless little children.
This annual %Mayday fete Is an institu
tion in Oakland and the funds so raised
£o to the support of the Oakland Free
Kindergarten and to buy comforts for the
Inmates of the Old Toadies' Home.
The Oakland Free Kindergarten has
been supported fcy means of this fund for
years. The money from the Mayday fete
carries it through the year.
May is upon us again with its song
birds and perfumed air and floral beauty,
and nature holds high carnival at Arbor
Villa, where the young folks of Oakland
are going a-llaying.
Dime? and nickels, the savings of many
moons, are to be officially drawn from the
littie iron banks and jingle in the pockets
of the rich small boy; for a boy is rich,
is he not, when he has dimes and nickels
to epend?
And plenty of chance he will hav«» to
spend his treasure, too.
There are to be booths beneath the li
lac bowers where candy, ' lemonade and
ices cream are sold. And donkey carts and
pony rides i These are what delight the
children's hearts and the donkeys work
hard on Mayday. Morosco's sleek little
black ponies have been given for the day
and carts are being- sent daily to Arbor
Villa so that no one who has the price
need go without a ride.
Th* University Glee Club has offered its
THE SUNDAY CA III/.
"There is no 'reform idea about all this
— perhaps this kind of work does away
with the necessity for reform.' work. It
is simply for little girls who need this
home life. .The central idea is the dignity
of labor. I ¦want these girls to 'know and
fully .understand that work is honorable.
There, is nothing to be ashamed of in it.
Riches may take to themselves * wings,
but the ability to work, the knowledge to
know how to do it remains. . I want them
to understand the happiness that comes
from honest work and the joy there may
be in the work done for others.. I don't
"I would like each. of these girls to
have an equipment by which she could
work for herself if she had to.
"And there is our girl, of course, who
will be married and go to her own home.
We hope we have ' shown her how ' to
make it a happy one. We can imagine
the planning of the trousseau among
these young people. W'e'11 give her the
loveliest wedding we can plan and send
her from us a bonny and a happy bride.
She also will be coming back to visit her
home as the days go-by. There is the girl
who doesn't develop special fitness for
outside work. Neither does she marry.
But we need her " in her home all the
more perhaps. She may be the dear elder
sister of the family, and knowing our
aims and ideals, may be at the head of
one of these cottages and further develop
bur home idea. "
"There may be the girl who can do
housework well and would like to be a
maid in some congenial household, and
would like to put her money in the bank
for a rainy day. She'll come home again,
often, and always come home to stay for
a while, in case she, doesn't like her place.
wants to be a typewriter. We'll find hei
a place, and if she has to go to San Fran
cisco, v/e hope } she'll come back to us
to Sunday dinner in* her, home.
rolling hill and immediately adjoining
their lovely Arbor Villa grounds. In all
of the county there can be found no more
perfect location, with superb 'views,
making it among the finest residence sec
tions in the city. This thirty-five-acre
tract, under the close protection of Arbor
Villa, will always be the site. for the cot
tages, the homes of the little girls. .
The plans have been approved and the
first cottage has been erected. It has a
very pretty courtyard — in which will be
flowers and vines— with five little rooms
on each side— a reception room, a dining
room, a kitchen, a matron's room and a
guest room. The guest room is so built
that it may be quarantined in case any
of the little maids should develop a con
tagious illness.
The home is started on the basis that It
is a mechanics' home. In the cottage
there is room for ten children. Each lit
tle girl has her own sunny little room. It
has her little white bed in it, her bureau,
a chair— a shelf for her books, or special
belongings — and under it hooks for her
clothes. This Is always her N room— for
this is her home— she has come to stay—
and it is hoped that she will be so happy
In it that all her life long she will care to
come back to it.
Life In the new home has been carefully
planned, but the experiment is going to
move slowly so that the mistakes may bo
seen and corrected and the scheme grow
more perfect as time goes on.
Mrs. Smith makes religion the first es
sential of womanhood in the highest
sense. Education comes next and' - she
holds that a love of humanity, a rever
ence for all that . is good and pure will
spring from the union of the two. .
"It is no charity affair. We are plenti
fully endowed for all present needs. We
need no old clothes or packages of tea,"
said Mrs. Smith with a smile...*
Each cottage is to have its matron or
mother, who will have a regular monthly
allowance with which to run her little
home.* : ; :
"It is her . home," : says Mrs. . Smith,
"hers till she dies, if she wishes to make
it such, and when she gets frail she will
have an assistant, but no one is ever to
be turned out of her home.
"And the ultimate result in these girls'
lives? ' We'll . take the first ten girls in
tills first .cottage home. They won't- all
develop alike any. more than the children
of a family ." show similar development.
One girl may show strong mentality, may
love her books. If ; she wants a college
education she shall have it.; If she wants
to try for a prof essional ' career, she shall
be helped to it. We may .have a little
musician in our band. She also wili,have
her chance,' for there is a piano in each
cottage. "We don't push, our girls out of
the hemenest, any more than a daughter
of I the family . is pushed out. It is her
home for always. *
. ."Ainong . our ten may be the igiil who
"They, are to attend the public school,
and to so to church. . They are' to live
in every way the normal lives, fitted to
niako the best of the possibilities in the
little girl.' They, will be the better for
the work that "comes into their .lives— for
the household responsibilities. for.know-\
ing how to save, to economize, to make
the best of things. They will have the
play', and -the enjoyment which ought to
be in each girl's life. . They will have the
companionship* of other girl », and will
grow up in* their homes with natural fam
iVr ties. They wilK mingle' naturally in.'
their world, having -their own place- in.
it, as befits girls coming, from -a good,
honest home.' They will have the best
that the public school system can do for,
them. ' * ... . ->
"The girls will have good strengthening
food, and .will be well clothed. There will
be no distasteful uniform. Each cottage
will have its sewing machine, and it is
hoped that the girls will put it to good
use.
"This cottage will have only the money
to support it that a poor man would be
able to earn for a family. These girls
must do the work of the house. They
must learn to sweep and dust, to cook,
to take care of the baby, for we may
have some very young children there.
They must learn the give and take of a
household of children struggling up to
gether. They must learn to sew— to make
over clothes for each other. There ore to
be no luxuries in these homes, any more
than one would find them in the home
of honest, hard-working mechanics.
She has set apart for these children's
homes thirty-five - acres 'of the beautiful
Mrs. Smith's plans are far-reachlngr and
the experiment which Is being developed
among the East Oakland hills bids fair
to challenge the attention of the civilized
world.
The remedy* Is being quietly thought out
and practically worked out at Arbor
Villa. >:\ '¦}'¦
The failure of all institution life for lit
tle girls is now universally acknowledged.
The machine system only serves to feed
and clothe them; it is disastrous to all
individuality and originality. It offers ab
solutely no home training for the little
girl who may possibly be the home-maker .
of the future. In the big institution. there
is no time to give the little girl the love
that her child heart craves. "There Is
not enough of anybody to go around."
She is living in an abnormal atmosphere,
¦where Individuality must of necessity be,
crushed out. The freedom which other
children enjoy— the freedom in going to
and from school— the change of seasons,
the holiday time — are all of necessity de
nied to the little Institution girl. Th9
training which comes from the household
.life — the sacrifices, the sorrows, the Joys
lived through In common — never comes
into her life at all. She is simply part
of a great machine system, anoj poor lit
tle girl, she carries its stamp 'all. her life.
Economy makes it necessary that she
should bo only a unit. In a great dormi
tory system; the little girl is never alone
with her dolls, with her plays. But be
yond all else, she knows nothing of the
duties Incident to the household of the
man of the working class. Yet that is
the position into which her life lines are
likely to lead her. The institution is
equipped with electricity and the other
appliances by which things are done for
great numbers in the quickest way. These
are not at all the methods which muat
prevail in the cottace of the poor man.
The little institution girl has never learn
ed to cook, to sew, to plan, to make things
do: she knows nothing about < the little
self-sacrifices, the thrift— the economy,
which all make for the success, the hap
piness of the household of the ordinary,
working man. And beyond it all and
deeper than it all— the poor little girl is
a starved little girl— she has never had
a. home. All this is known to the scien
tific observers, to the philanthropists of
to-day. And the remedy?
Summer opens on a completed cottage,
the first of the series of cottages in which
Mrs. Smith is to try her experiment, and
it is to be dedicated to this new work.
This Mayday Is a noteworthy one to
those interested in Mrs. Smith's new hu
manitarian project— that of surrounding
homeless girls with a true home atmos
phere.
This love has stimulated her to work
out a solution of one of the great social
problems of to-day — the care of dependent
children, and especially of dependent
girls.
This sentiment is the index of her char
acter and the keynote is sounded in her
great love of little children.
True happiness comes in giving and en
joying the* giving— so thinks Mrs. Smith,
the one behind the scenes of this drama
of Mayday hilarity.
The free kindergarten is a bright spot In
the lives of these poor children, and the
Mayday fete Is a bright spot In the memo
ries of their helpers.
But they are all children at heart, and
household cares are forgotten when they
enter into the kindergarten games or
weave the bright-colored mats or sing
their pretty songs.
The school week really begins for them
on Tuesday, when they turn out in full
force. Then these wise wee tots— none of
them over 6 years old — will tell you that
they had to "tend the baby" or "wash the
dishes" or "mind the house" while mam
ma did the washing.
Many come from homes of poverty, and
most of them have to do chores and help
with the general work. Mondays the at
tendance is very small— there is scarcely
a handful in the large sunny schoolroom,
for Monday is washday.
The proceeds from these pastimes fur
nish pleasure and Instruction for the less
fortunate brothers and sisters of the Oak
land water front. Three large roomfuls of
children gather c'aily at the Oakland Free
Kindergarten and are taught the beauties
of industry and happiness.
Next on the programme comes the battle
of flowers. The children gather the rose
petals In baskets from the rose bushes,
and certain ones go up on the porches of
the house with the baskets and throw this
variegated snowfall of petals down on the
delighted children below, who pick up and
fight with all their might with these
eweet emblems of nature's prodigality.
In the court of Henry VIII and Eliza
beth great celebrations were held on May
day, and the Maypole dance was partici
pated In by the lords and ladies of the
court.
On May morning the people, headed by
the priests, would inarch in procession to
the woods, where all would garland them
selves. Then they would decorate the
longest pole tbey could find with May
flowers and finally return, chanting hymns
of thanksgiving.
The history ot the Maypole dance Is an
interesting one. It was originally a relig
ious rite in the ancient church of" Rome.
Now comes the Maypole dance that for
centuries has been reverenced and ob
served in "Merrie Olde England" as
sacredly as Christmas Is here.
The grown folks will not overlook this
opportunity for a frolic. One old boy has
not missed a May fete for years. "He
certainly spends his money free," and no
hapless little spendthrift feels for donkey
money in vain in his presence.
Mayday is the gift feast of the year
when Dame Nature delivers to her loving
children the key of summer and opens
wide our hearts to her lovely influences:
and the festival atmosphere of the Smith
grounds is well calculated to instill the
wish to give as one has been given unto.
Everything that can be done is being
done to make the young folks happy, for
Mayday is. of all the year, a children's
holiday.
services, and Dancing Master Chapman
•with his trained coterie of little folks will
give a Maypole dance, a new sunflower
and other fiower dances that the young
folks will remember for many a day and
dream of many a night.
8
HOW MRS. SMITH WIFE OF THE BORAX KING
WILL KEEP MAY DAY; And so it Went On until the Youth
wa3 Grown Tip, and being so Very
Exclusive he was bound to be Miser
ly—and being Miserly, he amassed
Much Wealth.
1 Then said the Superior One:
"The Horned Creature looked deadly,
but the Small Bug Feeleth so— which
is many times Worse!" -
Then did the Sage do the Coochee-
Coochee and the Cakewalk, including
the Nile Wriggle and the High Kick,
lifting up his voice in bitter lamen
tation as he fled through the Wood,
breaking down Much Brush.
Moral: Don't sneer at the Small —
the Microbe is an insignificant ani
mal, but he stineth up revolutions
in our Midst.
Second Hound: The Tack and the
Banana Peel, though small, have laid
many of the mighty low.
The Theme: The Hornet is never so
Large as when he buzzeth v in our
Back Hair. A
«j7v* N Old Dog who had lived a
/Lr\ lifs of Peace and Luxury
U~ V> went forth into the World
seeking for a Gay Time.
/ "My life hath' had No Spice," he
eaid, "Lo! I feel the need of a Slight
Jar to My System!"
Wherefore he took a Bone in his
Mouth and traveled into a Wood
¦w here dwelt many Bobber Wolves.
Now it came to Pass that he trav
eled a long Way without Adventure.'
"This will never do," thought ' the
Old Dog. "I "must have an Adven
iare!" • ;
So he put down his Bone and lift*
ed up his voice in a hoarse Bow- Wow.
Then came forth from the Bram
bles divers and many Robber Wolves
and they fell upon the Old Dog. and
worried him "and chewed his ears and
Bit Holes in his Hide and took his
//ftU; IV -
Juicy Bone and departed, leaving
him -lying; in the Highway covered
with Blood and Dust. -
; About the time of Cock Crowing,
the Old Dog was able to remember
that Something had Happened. He
rose and propped himself against a
tree and scratched the Dried Blood
from his Eyes.
"The Adventure hath been bad
enough!" quoth he, "but the hardest
thing to bear is tha knowledge that
I sought it!" and he went home on
Three Xegs. ¦_
i Moral: -Trouble corns s to the Dog
who hunts for it with a Loud Voice,;
Another, Moral : When Providence
fills your Mouth with | Good Things,
don't lay them down for Something
Else.... {
Best Bower and Joker: Stay at
Home until you're Kicked out! *-• : .
TO
DOTE.
(Copyright, 1901, by A. J. Moore.)
THE DISCONTENTED DOG THAT WENT
FORTH INTO THE WORLD.
THE SUPERIOR YOUTH.
"Now at last will I come to Mino
Own!" So. he Sought Diligently and
got into the Exclusive Circle of tho
Great Ones of Earth; but it cost him
Much Labor and Many Flunks.
And it came to Pass that there
came a Great Crash and a Financial
Panic which left the Superior One
Busted and Without Friends, for the
Swell Nobs Cut Him.
"Thou art Only a Farmer, after
ell!" said they, and they Stared at
Then was the Superior One Bowed
Down and broken in Spirit.
"Alas!" said he, "all my life I
have been a Fool ! ¦ I threw aside
Friendship all through the years and
•Wotted Not that I was casting away
Jewels of Priceless Value," and he
went to the Middle Class for Sym
pathy.
"We do not know thee!" said they.
"Thou hast always Scorned Us. Coma
not to us when thou art Old and
friendless and on the Bum!"
Then he Sought Out the Villagers
"They offered me their Friendship
once upon a Time," he thought.
But the Villagers made a Long
Nose at him, saying: "Go Chase Thy
self! For lo! these Many Years thou
hast treated Us to the Icy Glare.
Wherefore, we love to see thy Back
rather than thy Face!" and they
Mocked Him and Cast Mud.
So the Superior One wobbled back
to the Farm and Dug Up th*e Neigh
bors of his Childhood. "For behold!
I have always been a Farmer," said
he, "and now/ of a truth, I look the
Part?"
But the Farmer's Sons looked upon
him Coldly.
"Thou wert always Too Swift for
us," said they, "even ere thou wert
old enough to Chew Bacon. Of a
truth we seem not now to Need Thee
to any Great Extent!" and they Spat,
one and all, and Looked Grim.
Moral: Friendship, no matter how
lowly, is Pure Gold. You cast away
Assets when you discard the Love of
a Yellow Dog.
Second Weep: Much Wealth may
gild but it cannot Befine the Man.
Third Wallop: Better be an Honest
Farmer than a Fake Swell. %
THE MAN OF LEARNING
cf^ WISE man and a Bumpkin
/l\ went forth into a Field to
V v Hunt Bugs.
Now it was so that the Wise Man
knew All Manner of Bugs in Books,
tut the Bumpkin had lived among
the Beal Thing.
And it came to Pass that the First
Day Out there appeared an Enormous
Creature having Horns and a Hoarse
Voice.
"Alas!" howled the Wise Man,
"we are undone! It is the terrible
Horned Lion of the family of Anx
phibiastosis!" and h« straightway
clomb a Tree.
"Not so!" quoth the Bumpkin, "it
is but my Pet Bull!" and he went and
fondled the Creature.
The Wise Man marveled and held
his Peace. But it so happened that
they presently entered a Wood where
the Wise Man beheld a Small Bug
•wearing Yellow Stripes, like the re
galia of a Convict, sitting upon a lead
colored cone of lint, taking the air.
"Behold!" whispered the Book-
Beader, "this om is just my size!"
"Nay, nay!" besought the Bump
kin; "of a truth he is not good for
thy Health!"
"Go to!" sneered the Wise Man.
"What knowest thou about Bugs?
TTast ever theu rtad ObsnilicusP or
BamboozilusP Thou canst beard the
Horned Creature and then shy at this
Meek Bug! ILo!,I shall have him in
my Collection ere the Sheep's Tail
wags twice!" and he went Cautiously
forward while .the Bumpkin fell over
himself seeking a safe place.
And it fell out that the "Wise Man
did make a Violent Pass at the Strip
ed Bug and burst Open the Cone of
Lint; whereupon divers and many of
the Same Breed came forth and
sought, one and all, to join the Wise
Man's Collection.
"Doth the Small Bug appear more
harmless than the Horned CreatureP"
asked the Interested Bumpkin.
"Not so!" sobbed the Wise Man,
bitten, and upon the portion of the body
that the snake's fangs strike. In general
nine-tenths of the persons bitten by these
snakes die. All this goes to prove, of
course, that snake hunting is a real sport,
inasmuch as the hunte-1 sometinfes gets
back at. the hunter.
"For persons who enjoy 'snake stalk
ing," said R. L. Ditmars of the Bronx
Zoo, "I can recommend certain parts' of
South Carolina above any other section
of the United 1 States. For example, a
four-mile swamp near the little town of
Robertsville in Hampton County is a
snake's paradise. There be the snakes of
the South un'd the snakes of the North.
Every creeping thing is as the sands of
the sea for numbers. Portions., of the
swamp are overgrown with huge rushes
and portions with cane brake dovetailing
Into pine swamps, the trees running up
ttfty feet to the first limb and hung thick
with sage green mass. Under foot is a
bog alternating with slimy pools and
treacheroub morasses."
Night Is the very best time for catching
snakes, for it is then that the serpent
tribes uncoil themselves and glide hissing
about the swamp in perfect freedom. Ob
viously this sort of thing is not without
danger and after one trial of it the snake
hunter usually prefers daylight. In ihe
moonlight a haze floats above^the swamp
and it lies like" a silvery sea. Within It,
the pines are ghosts whose long beard*
sweep the pools, diamond backed rattlers
rear their ugly heads, racere, moccasins
and strange pink water snakes glide
noiselessly, and alligators keep up the.'r
,loud, uncanny bellowing.
In daylight the hunter rides in mounted
on a mule usually and clad in an armor
of heavy brown duck,, high top boots an-1
Stout flexible gloves. His weapons are a
bamboo sticK with a running noose of fine
copper wire at the end, and a second cane
furnished with a wire net. He always
carries a revolver, too, if he Is wise..
Across the mule's neck is balanced a
short cane stick and from each end of tho
stick dangles a good sized cotton bag.
These bags are for the snakes and if a
score of the squirming things are turned
ioose in each bag before the hunt is ove.\
it is all the same to 1 the mule. Like
Achilles, the mule has one vulnerab'e
point, In his heel, but snakes are nearly
always too busy to go 4 nosing about a
had told Snyder and the guide to move on.
They, had perhaps lost track of him. He
sefthe bag of t-nakes down and drew his"
revolver. He lired at intervals, thinking
that, this was more likely to attract at
tention than shots in rapid succession.
Long after all the chambers were. empty
Snyder and the guide hove into sight.
. "Well, I bagged eleven snakes," boasted
Ditmars, as they set off.
• "Hit mout not of tuck, 'leven snakes to
see yo' finish befo' da'k, boss," remarked
the woolly headed guide over his- shoulder.
Between a negro and a^snake there is no
affinity, •• arid "to the' darky a man who
hunts snake3 is in league with the powers
of. darkness. . Mr. Ditmars lately captured
a hog-nosed snake in a cottonfleld. The
negroes call these serpents "spreadin'. ad
ders," and consider them terribly danger
ous, although the bite is about as bad as
the pinch of a Jersey skeeter. A hog
noscd snake, like the possum, is an actor,
and his favorite role is playing dead. As
soon as' the naturalist laid hold of (he
tail of this terrible "spreadin' adder" it
gave one despairing flicker and apparent
ly yielded up the ghost.
• "It's trafficking with Old Nick, but I've
got to brlns that snake back to life; I
n.eed him in my laboratory," remarked the
hunter. . ¦
"Fo' Gawd sake, doan' yb' do it, boss."
pleaded the negroes who had gathered
around. The naturalist made a few passes
over the snake and warned the negroes
to move back, so the brimstone wouldn t
strike them. The snake seeing the coast
clear turned tail and ran. The darkies'!
s jrcamed and In tha confusion there wss
the scratch of a sulphur match on the
hunter's trousers and an uncanny piece of
phosphorus burned on the ground. The
"spreadin' adder" was afterward cap
tured alive. The field .darkies laid •¦1
early that afternoon and went to consult
a voodoo doctor. A rattlesnake is falr'y
easy to] capture because he is consum
mately brave, never runs from an enemy,
and his warning rattle is unmistakab 1 -.
Skirt the borders of a, palmetto thicket
any day and watch the waverinf shadows
of the foliage on the ground. Presently
these shadows if you- watch sharply seem
to dart ahead in a straight line, with a
brassy whirr coming from somewhere
around. . The dartins line is a diamond
mule's heels. The mule sagaciously picks
his way through the swamp along, deer
paths which wind in and out where a sin
pie misstep of ttimes . would tumble him
and his rider into a pool swarming with
alligators and twenty-live sorts of wata:'
snakes.
A snake stalker, of course, only attempts
to take the more valuable and strange
specimens of serpents. : W,hen he catches
the gleam of the right sort of a coat
through the rushes,' or spies a fine moc
casin dangling from a limb over his head,
he halts and- cots into action with his
copper* wiro noose and .bamboo 'stick. If
he can he slips the noose ,over his snake
ship's neck r.nd draws it taut. Th.en he
gets the puffing, thrashing, spitting rep
tile twixt his thumb and forefinger around
the neck and drops him into the cotton
bag. He' gives the bag a quick swirl so
that the fang that darts forth instantly
is embedded lr. a thick fold .of cloth. In
variably In a crisis n hunter throws away
copper wires and seizes a snake with his
hands, grasping him well toward the head,
so that he cannot twist it "around and
thrust his fang into the hands.
It is not uncommon for a snake stalker
to bag.'a dozen moccasins around a single
pool. A few weeks ago Mr. Ditmars, in
cempany with his assistant, Mr. Snyder,
and a guide, was trekking in the swamp
near RobertsviHe.
In the middle afternoon .they were pro
ceeding slowly, single Hie, when Ditmars
loitered a moment in search of possible
catches.
"Go ahead; I'll overtake you!" he called
to the others. He began prodding the bog
with his bamboo stick and found it alive
wit.i moccasins. Some he captured wit.i
the wire nocse. One eluded him and slip
ped into the water. Ditmars followed the
snake down to his boot tops in the slimy
pool and dragged the moccasin forth.
After, two hours the hunter found himself
exhausted, sweating at every pore, but
happy in the possession of eleven cotton
mouth snakes. ¦ •
All that remained of daylight was a
faint red glow across the rushes. Now, to
stay in a South Carolina swamp over
night means death. If the mosquitoes and
snakes do not Kill a. man, the foul miasma
smites him. Ditmars felt sorry that .he
PA EXPLAINS ALL ABOUT THE
DIVINE RIGHT.
of invited Them out behind the pallus
every Few days to See him throw a Fit?
They wouldn't of Believed in his Divine
rites enny Longer than it Takes Rocky
fellow to make a Million dcllers if he
couldn't of had his Spells rite Alon?
"Over in England they haven't had
much luck with their kings lately, and
some peeple there are Beginning to be
suspishus that mebby the^Divine rite's
got Switched off some way, and there's a
Hole lot of Growling. But the ones that
are Loyal Look back to the Crazy
Georges and Tell the rest to keep up
their curridge beccz it must be in the
Blud yet and mite brake out allmost enny
time."
"But what about Germunny?" maw
ast. "Their Emperor seems to make them
Believe he has the divine rite without
enny fits."
"Well,* paw anserd, "he Has so menny
other kinds of Things that , the peeple
seem to Think it's all rite, without the
Spazzums. But still he doesn't Seem to
trust them very much. He knows a Lot
of them are Getting to suspishen Him, so
insted of Leaving the windows open when
the nites are Hot he hides "Behind the
pickel barrel or Sumthing down in the
seller and keeps cool that way, and when
he wants to Go out and Lay a few Holly
hocks on his Grandfawther's toom he
Gets sumbuddy to set a barn afire over in
the next Block so they won't be Enny
buddy present to hit him with an ax or
blow Him up with Dynummite. Still, I
s'pose he likes the. Job or he wouldn't
keep it.
"I can't help Feeling kind of sorry for
the Zarr. There's a boy that Luck seems
to be against good and plenty. He started
in by Having his fits regular enuff to soot
all parties, and a case of Blud disease
that seemed to give his peeple Cdnfadunce
in his Divine rite all rite, but just as
things Got to running kind of smooth he
cott the typhoid fever and it Left him
without his fits. As soon as the students
found it jout they commend to Riot and
the dynamiters wanted to Bio up the pal
lus. Just think what a otrain it must be
on His nurves. He daasent -have boiled
aigs for breckfust, becoz mebby when he
broke the shell they would be a nexplo
sion. When he hears the Royal cook
pounding the Beef stalk In the morning he
Jumps up as pail as a Gost and thinks its
the anarkists hammering Down the pallus
walls, and every lime the water gets in
the steam pipes and commences to Thump
they haft to cloroform him to, get him
quieted Down. again.
"So they are no Dainger of having a
Nemperor here, becoz as Soon as enny
free Born, amerlcail gets to acting as tho
He had the divine Rights in his slstum
the Doctors throw, him on the Dissecting
table and the Operation's successful with
the Funeral set for Thursday afternoon,
Frends invited." ' : • ¦
Uncle Ramsey happened to Rock on the
pupp's tail then, and when we Got them
apart his wooden Laig showed bad sines
of ware and Tair. ' GEORGIE.
"What kind of a Show do you s'pose
old Peter the Grait would ever of stood
with his Loving subjects if he couldn't
"Look et Julyuss Ceezer. He had fits,
jio the Romuns thot he was the oldest
eon of some godd that miten't Like it if
they would make h!m work for a living.
Jvapoleon tried to make them think he
had the Same trubble, and they Let him
mount a Thrown, but the Other crowned
beds refewsed to have him in Their set
becoz they sed all he had was common
f.-untlr.g Spells insted of the real royal
Spezzums. and after while the peeple
Got h Sui??ibhen that he was working
Bum kind of a Con game on Them when
he talked about his Star and pretended
to be a Little off abuv the collar button.
So they lost Confadunce in him and prit
ty soon went back to a king that could
prove he had it in the Blud.
"Becoz they won't be Able to find enny
buddy that Can prove he has the Divine
rite." paw sed. "As long as some Chap
that has fits and a strawberry mark on
his Left side can Get peeple to Think he
is the owner of the Divine rite for that
district they are danger that they'll Let
him be their Emperur or king or Sum
thisjgr, but over in this country They run
that kind of peeple into the hospitals
mnd commence operating on Them before
thty Get a Chance to put up a Thrown,
and its all Off.
"Why not?" Uncle Ramsey ast.
Copyright, Hot. hy the S. S. MeClure Company.
*"X V O." paw told Uncle Ramsey and
/\ j m»v, after he got thru Spanking
I Little Albert for trying to make
V a picture of the seckond Baptust
church on the new Hall paper,
"I don't Think they will ever be enny
emperor or Zarr at Washington, so we
needn't worry enny more About that."
world's fair. You sed you never cared
fdr it, Enny way."
"AH rite," maw Told him. "We can
spare that about the Best of ennything
around the house."
It was hung; abuv the mantel in the LJ
brairie, and paw went to Get on one of
the good chairs to fetch It Down, but maw
sed:
"Jly Goodness take a kitchen Chair to
stand on." so he went to Get one and
Uncle Ramsey sed he never could see &
Sord without thinking of when he was at
Spottsulvainey.
Mrs. Bassett ast him how It Happened
and he told her:
"You see I rushed in amung the. enemy
Before our Captun sed the word, and Got
all mixed up fighting with them, and
when our Side come up they thnt I be
longed to the FQe, becoz I was over the
brest Works, and everything was an ex
sltemunt ennyway, and the first Thing I
new the' Captun jabbed his sord in my
eye becoz I wasn't Looking for it. So it
tot me a Lesson I miten't ever of Lerned
it It wuldn't of happened. Never turn
around to See what's coming behind with
out Looking first to make sure." £
By that time paw waa Back with the
chair, but the hook that the sord hung
to was so hi That he had to Stand on his
tip Toes, and just as he neerly got hre
lingers on the Rite place the Hind Laigs
broke.
Mrs. Bassett nocked Uncle Ramsey over
Little albert's hobby horse trying to Get
out of the way, and paw looked kind of
streaked up and Discurrideed when we
got him out from Under the morris chair,
and the new music Rack maw bot me for
Christmus.
Maw says she had a Feeling the First
time she ever saw that sord it was Goln«;
to bring Bad luck into our Fambly, and
she's glad it's gone. GEORGIE.
PA, MRS. BASSET AND THE
RUMMAGE SALE.
Copyright. 1901. by the S. S. MeClure Company.
*ji yr AW'S been a good o;al worried
f\ A about Uncle Ramsey lately Be
\ y I coz he goes Out in the kitchen
I and sits, around 'and Tallis to
**¦ Mamie.
"I Just no," she told paw a Fue nlte?
ago. "that the First thim: we hear about
they"ll run away and Get married. Tou
needn't tell me She lissens to his stories
about The way He fot in the war for
nothing. That girl can't fool me." J
"I don't beleave in Being so suspishus,
paw sed. "Let the poor Old man enjoy
himself. You can't hardly Blame him for
wanting to Talk to sumbuddy Besides us
wunst and a while Becoz I s'pose his mind
Gets tired an-1 he Likes- to hear about
Simpler things. He's not used to Taking
a ninterest in nil these Big affairs ¦
But maw didn't seem to Feel cheerful.
bo I thot I would help a Little and it was
Mamie's afternoon. Out the next Day.
Uncle Bamsey always has . his chair
tilted Back against the Wall when he sits
in the kitchen becoz that Seems to rest
his wooden lais and me and Little albert
took it Down in the seller when nobuddy
was watching-I mean the chalr-and Got
paw's saw. "Then I sawed the hind Laigs
nearly off up next to the seat where it
wouldn't Get notust. .
It allmost seemed like if I could see
Uncle Ramsey with the Chair broke Down
and him all Dubbled up next "L the wall.
I felt sad for him Becoz Uncle Ramsey is
pleraint to Have around, but it's rang s to
have things on maw's mind If a Buddy
Ca We h put tne chair back against the wall,
where Uncle Ramsey allways likes to s It
the Best, and prltty Soon Mrs Basse"
came over to See if maw would nt gUe
«umthine for- tne rummidge sail next
weS Before they Got thru Talkin about
It paw came Home, and wanted to Let
Mrs. Bassett have his. winter Overcoat to
sell But maw sed it was Too good and
she wouldn't lissen to enny Foolishness.
"Well." paw says, "we've Got to give
Sumthinjr. I bfileave. in Charity. Think
of The poor orfuns that mite get helped
by. us in This way. One of the saddest
things in Life is to see folks with children
of their own never Thinking of other peo
ple's Little ones that haven't enny Faw
thers or mothers and mite be Hard up
for Sumthlng from a Rummidge sail.
"It's too Bad they are not more men
like you in the world. Mr. Moffett," Mrs.
Bassett told him, smiling kind of sad and
Looking up tords heven. "But you mus
sen't Do things you can't afford. Mrs.
Moffett knows the best, and everybuddy
In Our church Is talking about how Good
and kind and sweet she allways is when
Ennything is Going on. with a Good meal
for ten Cents.
Then she put her arras around Maw and
kist her on the)Cheak and looked sad at
paw again and smiled a Little more, and
Uncle Ramsey came down Stairs, pre
tending he Didn't no ennybuddy was
There, and ast What Time it was.
After Mrs. 'Bassett got introduced to
him she sed: ' .
"It always makes me Want to weep
when I see ennybuddy that fot In the
War. What brave men They were. Of
corse you couldn't go," she Told paw,
"tecoz you couldn't of Been born yet. But
the dear old Heroes are Going fast, and
That makes me Feel so Bad. My Uncle
Francis was all thru it."
"Say, maw," paw sed. "I no. We'll
give that Japanese sord I bot at the
' 9l • ¦ •
backed rattler wnose curiously marked
skin is in exact imitation of the palmetto
shade. The diamond back is the mo*t
deadly of his tribe. In the West the va
rieties of rattlers there found Inhabit bar
ren rocky places and the tall grass of
prairies. . Just now the rattlesnake la
hunted mercilessly, for he is valuable to
the medical man for his toxlnes and to the
naturalist because out of the eleven va
rieties in the United States the habits anl
looks of not more than five are .wejl
known.
In spite of'their deadly poison, the hunt
ing of venomous snakes is not any more
dangerous, If as dangerous, as the hunting
of boars or tigers or lions In India. The
reason is ttiat no snake, except the coral
snake, is likely to attack without provo
cation. The danger to students of snakes
is all In the familiarity bred by close ac
quaintance.
For example, less than a year ago pro
fessor Percy Selous of Michigan, a well
known 'naturalist, and. a cousin of the
\frlcan explorer and scientist of the same
name, was killed by the bite of a pet moc
casin. Professor Selous was in the habit
of taking the snake to bed- with him on
cold nights to keep it warm. One night
he got up In the dar:c to. put .the snake
back In its box and accidentally pinched
the moccasin's tall in the door. It turned
on him and sunk Its fangs into his flesh
and he died four days afterward from th«
bite.
" Mr.' Ditmars relates that he one time
knocked a glass Jar out of his office win
dow and broke It— the same Jar in which
a rattlesnake had been kept. In gather-
Ing ur> the broken pieces he cut his hand
slightly. For -weeks afterward his life
was despaired of. His hand and arm
from finger tip to shoulder la to-day a
mass of terrtble scars.
A New York naturalist, blttea by a coral
snake in Florida last year, died within
forty-five minutes.
An attendant at the Smithsonian Insti
tution. Washington, ten years ago. in
transferring a rattlesnake from one Jar
to another, was bitten on the forefinger.
Although every known remedy was ap
plied he barely escaped death. For eight
years afterward on the return of the sea
son the finger sloughed off to the bone.
Two years ago a mysterious East Indian
remedy was brought to him from Ran
goon. India, by a friend. At the first
soreness In the flr.ser he applied the In
dian herbs, and has twice escaped the
annual • plague.— The Brooklyn Eagle.
SNAKES are increasing rapidly In
value. A few years ago a diamond
backed rattlesnake would not have
brought 5 cents from any dealer In
reptiles. To-day a good sized rattlesnake
Is worth 520 at least. Twenty-five dollars
•would be paid by a public zoological gar
den or by a physician Interested In snake
toxlnes.
Hundreds of physicians in the United
States to-day tnnke a specialty of study
ing the poison* secreted bv the four ven
omous pnakca of this countrv. They com
pare the efCpcts of these poisons upon the
human BycteaT with the effects of the
toxines produced by the bacilli of various
diseases. In this manner they hope to
discover not only an antidote for snake
bite, but an aniitoxine for swamp fevers
and dozens of vther ills that ilesh is heir
to.
This demand for American snakes has
produced corresponding activity In the
business of snake hunting. The Smith
sonian Institution at Washington Is con
tinually on the alert for rare snecimens.
The Bronx lioo. recently sent a snake
stalking expedition to South Carolina un
der the lead of R. L. Ditmars. Mr. Dit
mars will soon start South on a second
pnake hunting trip. Dr. Weir Mitchell,
the author and scientist, Is one of the
best known students of snake toxlnes. It
is said that he sometimes has as many as
1000 snakes in his laboratory. ¦ .
For various reasons poisonous snakes are
much less common in the country than
they were at one time. Still there are
enough to make things Interesting in
many localities. In Western Texas ranch
ersC families living in sod huts look un
der the bed dally for prairie rattlers and
only sleep eecure under a mosquito net
canopy. The iiolsonous snukes of the
United States are the rattler, copperhead,
moccasin and coral snake. The ftrst three
belong all to the same family— the crata
lidae and their poisons, so far as known,
are similar. The coral or Harlequin
snake Is found only in the South, and its
venom very much resembles that of the
deadly East Indian cobra. He Is brightly
banded, small, harmless looking, but very
vicicus. No certain remedy is known for
the bite of any of these snakes. Whisky
and strychnine given in doses large
enough often to produce convulsions are
usually most effective. Very much de
pends upon the constitution of the person
THE SUNDAY CAUL.
ONCE there was a Farmer's Son
who was Born Proud.
And he Sneered at the Honest
Sons of his Neighbors, saying:
"Lo! I was mada for Better than
Thou!"" ¦
And -when he went to the Village
School he gave all the Push, the
Glassy Eye and the Marble Heart:
yea, also did he hand them forth, the
"Frozen Face and the Boston Stare.
"Thou art . Poor Clods!" said he,
"and I feel Superior to Thee!"
9
DANGERS IN
SNAKE HUNTINGtime ne nnisnea pousmng us off we were
the most accomplished lot of amateur
counterfeit sharps in the South. We were
stuffed to the muzzle with technical in-
formation, and for the next two or,three
months the bank, was In one -long, con-
resembled money,' and from that time on
peace reigned. About a, year later the
professor dropped hi again and suggested
a post-graduate course. I ran him out of
the house."—New Orleans Times-Demo
crat.- ,.*. , v . :
partment to travel over the country, giv
ing lessons in the art of detecting bad
bills. 'Now, you're a pretty man to be at
the head of a bank!; he went on. 'Any
smooth "shover" could unload a bale of
the "queer" on you and you'd"never find
It out. You owe it .to your depositors to
take a lesson Immediately.' Ordinarily
such a remark would have %rade me furi
ous," the banker continued smilingly,
"but the little man must have : had. me
hypnotized, for I not only toid him to go
ahead but engaged him to give his series
of lessons to everybody in the bank. It
took him about a week to put the whole
crowd through the course, and by the
tinual state of uproar. -The. tellers found,
counterfeits every ten minutes of the day,
or at least they thought they did. and all
hands would rush to the front with expert
opinions, and the debate would rage until
another crooked bill ¦ turned ; up." Mean
while business would come to a standstill
and incidentally several heavy depositors
became insulted at having their - money
questioned and. withdrew V their accounts. 1
At last it dawned on me that there was
such a thing as being entirely too blamed
expert, and I notified \ the force : that > I'd
fire the next man I heart! ; mention, coun
terfeits. ' Then I told the teller .to look
pleasant and accept any_ old" thing that
nounced It genuine. 'Bah!' he said, scorn
fully, 'it's a counterfeit, and not a very
good counterfeit at that.'.-. 'I'll change It
at the teller's window,' said I, getting
mad. .'No, you won't.*' he 'replied; 'look
here, and here,' and he pointed out plain
defects in the engraving that I had some
how overlooked. I was considerably mor
tified, of course, and when he clapped an.
other bill down on the desk I took more
pains in scrutinizing It. However, he
fooled me again, and In five minutes, to
make my story short, he had me so con
fused and bewildered and mistrustful of
myself that I couldn't have distinguished
a national bank note from a green cigar
stamp. ¦';':>
"Then It suddenly occurred . to me to
ask him who the dickens he was, and
he introduced himself as Professor ,
the counterfeit money expert, saying: he
had permission from the Treasury De-
WONDER what has become of the
jj quaint little counterfeit money "pro-
U fessor" who used to pay us periodical
visits twenty years ago," said a New
Orleans banker, chatting about old times
In his bank office, "I well remember my
first encounter with him. It was toward
the close of the day and I was at my desk
here, pretty busy, when he walked in
briskly, pulled up a chair and sat down
at my elbow. Before I could recover from
my surprise at his cheek he whipped out
an enormous wallet and spread a hun
dred-dollar bill In front of me. -on the
desk. *Is that genuine or counterfeit?*
he asked sharply. All this was without
the slightest Introduction or preface, and
I had no idea what kind of a lunatic I
might nave en my hands, but I plumed
myself on being an expert Judge of money
and his question piqued my professional
fPrlde, I examined the bill and pro-
WHAT HAS BECOME OF THE QUAINT LITTLE
COUNTERFEIT MONEY "PROFESSOR?"
passes about the sleeves between shoulder
and elbow.
The yoke— there are so many yokes this
year— is altogether composed of narrow
bands of lace Inserting put together with
black velvet baby ribbon. The stock is
the same. This ribbon heads the nar
row Valenciennes lace that edges the
epaulettes and the six ruffles of the skirt.
It also makes' big knots on the front of
the bodice.. A wider ribbon forms the
belt.
The mass of ruffles In this, pattern goes
a long way toward giving the poster ef
fect that every girl seeks. Ruffles are a
fearful amount of labor for somebody,
therefore they come at a high price, but
the result achieved pays.
The tinted organdies are made over a
plain petticoat of the same to prevent the
color from paling. The blue In the pic
ture Is so thin, that, laid directly over
white, it would turn a sickly skim-milk
shade.
A cream-tinted organdie is the most
dashing and daring of all because of Its
showy trimming of broad and heavy black
lace bands. They travel down the skirt
from waist to flounce; they strap the
yoke, they parade up and down the
sleeves. They border the bertha and the
skirt flounce and the sleeve ruffles. These
ruffles, by the way,' start in very little
below the elbow. The symptoms of short
sleeves ar« In the air, such sleeves a«
made our grandmothers the charmers that
they were and make doctors the croakers
that they are. The sleeve ruffles are
very full, falling back delightfully from
a plump white arm. Sometimes one ruf«
fie is worn within another.
The revival of the bertha is noticeable
in this model. It is out of date and yet
hardly old enough for a revival. Epau
lettes, of the same school, are seen occa»
sionally.
• ¦ ¦ ¦ ,'¦•¦»¦
JThis gown Is tucked without limit—
tucked everywhere between the lace
bands. A pretty .detail of it is the dust
ruffle, edged with two strips of narrow
lace. ¦'*•' . . v - •
Memory of the Man That
Introduced Nicotine
To Be Honored.
THREE HUNDRED AND FTFTT
years ago. according to the allega
tions. Jean Nlcot Introduced tobacco
Into Europe. It was from his name
that the word "nicotine" was derived. The
French Government has Just made an ap
propriation for the erection of a bronze
statue to Nlcot. It is to be set up In front
of the main Government tobacco factory
in Paris. This French claim to the Intro
duction of tobacco Into Europe Is some
what at variance with the general suppo
sition that Sir Walter Raleigh first car
ried the fragrant weed across the water
to the old country. Raleigh smoked his
Virginia tobacco In the presence of Queen
Elizabeth In or about the year 1385.
Thirty-four years earlier, however, Jean
Nlcot. while French Embassador to Por
tugal, purchased some tobacco seeds that
had been brought over from Florida and
sent some of them to France. A year la
tor he presented some of the plants to
Catherine de t Medici, and together they
rooked the dried leaves in pipes.
It Is Interesting in this connection to re
cnll that when tobacco smoking was flrsr
Introduced into Europe, first by Nlcot and
later by Raleigh, It was extremely un
popular. It was called "the stinking
habit." and at least two Popes, Urban
VIII and Innocent XI. Issued decreer
against It- A Sultan of Turkey— In which
country smoking is now almost univer
sal—made It a. crime punishable by the of
fenders having their pipes thrust through
their noses. In Russia the noses of the
smokers were cut off. King James I of
England characterized smoking as "a
custom loathsome to the eye. hateful to
the nose, harmful to the brain, dangerous
to the Iung3, and in the black, stinking
fume thereof nearest resembling the hor
rible Stygian smoke of the pit that is
bottomless."— Savannah News,
<]ffr CCORDING to an article on costly
//.\\ introductions which appears In
lT~X> a London weekly £3000 Is the rec-
ord sum paid for the privilege of
shaking somebody's hand. This was the
price paid on one occasion for a hand
shake with the late Colonel North, and
that bluff old financier was so enraged
Fifteen Thousand Dollars That Was
Pa id for a Handshake.
But if all the tales one hears In the city
are true and Colonel North had under
taken to reimburse all the sums which had
been paid to obtain- his handshake he
would not have died so rich as he did.
Twenty, thirty and fifty pounds were sums
frequently paid for introduction to the
Nitrate King by persons who expected
him to help them to make their fortunes.
Needless to say, the money was practical
ly thrown away in most cases.
When E. T. Hooley was in the aenlth of
his meteoric success there was hardly a
•pushing man of invention or business who
did not seek the famous financier and the
consequence was Mr. Hooley had to
draw a cordon around himself to keep
wildcat schemers away or he would have
never had time to do business.
Mr. Hooley's intimate friends might
have amassed fortunes in fees for intro
ductions, for all sorts of sums were of
fered for such services. In one case £2000
was offered and declined, while a fee of
£400 was paid for a handshake with Mr.
Hooley by a Midland County merchant
who wanted his business floated only a
week or two before his crash came.
Of course. Mr. Hooley was no party to
these bribes, of which he may be totally
ignorant to this day. If half the bribes
that were offered for Introduction to the
meteoric financier were accepted Mr.
Hooley' s friends made more out of him
than he made out of himself.
It has been hinted that another famous
financier, who was madly sought after by
hundreds of people who wanted him to
finance their schemes, employed a friend
to accept all bribes offered in this manner
and that the two shared the amounts,
which were not infrequently very consid
erable.
The truth Is the financier discovered that
a certain friend was making a very hand
some thing by introducing to him people
with schemes and concerns and that he
threatened the friend with exposure un
less the friend supplied him with a com
plete list of the names of persons from
whom he had accepted bribes for Intro
ductions, and fully repaid all such sums.
The friend laughed at the threat, refused
to comply with either of the demands and
declared that he would give out that the
amounts had all been shared with the
financier himself If the latter mentioned
the matter to any one.
The financier dared not Imperil his repu
tation by being slandered In this way and
was therefore compelled to keep silent.
-But after his death, when It became
known that his friend had Introduced per
sons to him at so much, a time, the In
troducer, declared that it had always been
done with the knowledge of the financier,
who had had half of all the sums obtained
In this way. Hence the rumor, which Is
absolutely without foundation.
The Introducer admitted that he had
made- £SO0O by Introducing people to the
financier, which shows the bald improba
bility of his assertion that he only took
half the proffered bribes, since It was
hardly likely that £16,000 was forthcoming
for mere Introductions to the financier.
A millionaire money-lender once offered
one of the aristocratic clients the return
of all the latter's promissory notes.
amounting to nearly £4000, If he would
introduce him socially to three titled gen
tlemen, and he faithfully redeemed his
promise. On another occasion the iam«
millionaire offered to knock £300 oft a
debt owed him by a client on the latter's
giving a dinner to some of the smarter of
his friends and Inviting the money-lender.
The money-lender was so pleased with the
success of the dinner that he Increased
the deduction to £400.— New York Sun.
of black and whit* embroidery. The worn
is done directly on the fabric, but has
the effect of an applique because of the
elaborate way in which the white and
black stitches are Interwoven. The work
borders V«e fitted part or tha yvin ini
TIE summer crowns are polngr to do
their share to make swell girls of
you all. It is up to you to do the
rest.
You must know how to wear the
bewitching things. It is too late In the
day to preach that feathers don't make
the bird. Everybody knows that. The
knowing it doesn't always do away witn
the difficulty.
Perhapn the pictures will help. That Is
what they are here lor. Study the lines
of the figure and remember that although
the model has a good figure by nature it
¦wouldn't be worth a cent to her if she
hadn't tlic knack of handling it and so
getting the full value out of every good
line in the cut of the gown. You can do
It. too.
Squint one eye and then take a quick,
generalizing glance to get the main out
line of the sr-ason's styles. Sleeves' mod
erately tight; bodice full, very full In
front and having a tendency to pouch;
skirt dose tilting about the hips, retreat
ing at the knees and flaring forward at the
feet; the bottom of the skirt a mass of
flutters and frills, reaching out behind to
a. moderate train.
In the first place, the gown has to be cut
to this outline. Beyond this the thing lies
In the way you put it on and hold it up.
Pull the pouch out in front and '>ull it
down when you put on the gown. Over
a straight-front corset it will stay in this
shape.
It is the fashion nowadays to hold up
the skirt. It makes a difference how you
do this. Some will tell you that it should
never be drawn to the front and others
'¦will tell you not to lift It in the back.
Imagine Bernhardt holding to either rule!
She of all women is complete mistress of
her clothes and she makes them express
her mood. They twine for her, they swish
for her, they cling or they flutter. If you
have any artistic Instinct you will hold
yours as you see fit to show the best lines.
Drawing a skirt back below the hips gives
the flat-front effect, in demand just now.
And in the case of the light summer fab
rics, which are a mass of ruffles about the
feet, you should grasp the skirt at such
a point, as to throw out an avalanche of
ruffles behind or toward one side.
The gpwns in the pictures are all organ
dies from the "White House and every
one of them is trimmed in black. That is
the fad of the season. Whether white,
pink, blue— whatever the dainty tint of
the fabric may be— the black is its con
trast. Bands of black lace are soen,
stripes of black embroidery, knots and
streamers of black ribbon. It is to a pale
color what salt is to the bread we eat. It
sharpens.
Two of these gowns are of white organ
die polka-dotted in black. One has very
close dots. Its yoke is low, sloping down
ward m front, a:id is of plain white ma
terial. Bands of black lace about two
Inches in width are the garniture. They
are laid in up and down strips on tha
yoke, radiating in all directions from the
neck. Two ziczass of the same lace run
around the bodli-e below the yoke and
two more border the skirt. Straight
bands of the laoe encircle the skirt higher
xip. dipping toward the front. Black satin
ribbon forms the belt and ties in front
"with long ends, and the same ribbon
makes a high choker stock with a fat
bow behind. "It is a delight to see how
the bow in the back of the neck once
more entering: It Is the most becoming
finish there is, especially to a slender
neck. As for the 1>. Us. they may be fas
tened clthrr back or front, as you like.
The only requirement Is that they dip
down in front to suit the military figure.
The other polka-dottcd gown has the
dots farther apart and, being lighter,
•would be all the more perishable. They
are as serviceable ac cobwebs, those
gowns, but you can't blame any girl for
Indulging if she has the price of the cob
web.
Three flounces of dainty black embroid
ered lace cive fullness to the bottom of
the skirt. The skirt overlaps them, in
two points, one to the back and one to
the front. Where it meets the lace nar
row black velvet ribbon forms the band,
and above this is another still narrower.
The same bands of ribbon finish cuffs and
reveres.
These reveres give a dressy finish to
the bodice. They are wide and, bordered
with the lace, they lie over the shoulders
In a 'dainty fluff. They meet at the bust
and there a rreat knot of turquoise vel
vet ribbon holds them. Its long ends. fall
to the knees. Lace falls over the hands;
& lace-covered stock fits tight to the
throat. Fancy for this gown a white
chiffon hat trimmed In French forget-me
nots and black velvet— wouldn't it be per
fect?
A much ruffled organdie, which comes
In either the palest shade of blue that
might match a robin's egg or In a deli
cate peachy pink, is adorned with bands
a knot on front and similar knots trim Vxm
sleeves. ,
A most demur* little rown, one that
suggests afternoon tea on a prim and
summery English lawn, is made of tucked
white organdie. Its only trimming Is
simple bands of embroidery, interlaced
with black velvet baby ribbon. These
trim the skirt vertically, they make a
pointed yoke, they border the sleeves.
One of the bands forms the belt, another
the stock and still another covers the
pleat of the waist, which is hardly more
than a shirt waist. The beauty of the
costume lies in its exquisite material and
its smartness of outline.
Three tucked and lace-edged ruffles
finish the skirt. The same ruffling ap
pears on the sleeves. Knots of the rf»
bon. catch the gown in half a dozen places.
The black and white cape and parasol
shown in one picture are Paris importa
tions. They are safe investments for this
season, for they are in the popular com
bination. .'
the back. A vain, they run down the
skirt from th© belt, shortening by gradua
tlon toward the back. You can see by
the photograph what the effect of these
graduated lengths Is: They give an ap
pearance of dipping toward the front. So
with the straps on the bodice, they follow
." ¦ - ' - ~ ¦ * - * -- ¦
the same outline.'
Pleats stitched In black silk extend up
and down the skirt and bodice between
the lace bands. ! The gown 13 really made
in two pieces, but It might be all one.
Judging by the way the lower part fol
lows the design of the upper.
Ruffles of fine black lace turn back
from a vest of tucked organdie. Two
deep lace-edged ruffles finish the sleeves
at the elbow and fall half way to the
hand. The collar has a turn-over ruffle
which calls for a slender throat to risk
it. Only one narrow ruffle borders the
skirt. A black velvet belt fastens with
THE SUNDAY; CALL. \
Pointed • straps _. of - black lace stitched
on in rising sun designs is the most stun
ning novelty of all. The straps run from
the top' of -the skirt ruffle up toward the
knees, lengthening- by "graduation towaid
¦when he heard of the transaction that he
cut off his friendship with^the introducer
then and there and paid the money back
to thq^manwho had sought the Introduc
tion—paid it out of his own" Rocket.
10
SUMMER GOWNS AND
HOW TO WEAR THEM.are 70.000 clocks set hy the
Government every- day when . the
il noon hour strikes in Washington.
In every large city throughout the
United States time balls at the same min
ute indicate the time to hundreds watch
ing for their fall, and hundreds of watches
are regulated to correspond with the sig
nal. This time service, comes from the
Naval Observatory in AVashlngton, and
its. original design was to furnish mar
iners- at seaboard cities with the means
of regulating their chronometers. Like a
great j many other Government institu
tions it has strayed from its original pur
pose, and now It serves another of more
general usefulness.- ¦ .
The national time signal Is made prac
ticable by the standard-time system,
which has been adopted ln almost every
city in the United gtates. This system
divides the country into four parts along
the lines of longitude. Each division
represents approximately one hour in the
sun's course. One of these divisions be
gins at the seaboard and ends at a line
which passes through the city of Pitts
burg, in Pennsylvania. If you are travel
ing west, when you get to Plttsburg you
will set your watch back one hour. Con
tinuing west, when you reach ". North
Platte, ln Nebraska. : you will ' but your
watch back another hour, and at Ogden
you will find that it has gained an hour
more. These' divisions are known as East
ern, Central, Mountain and Pacific time.
When it is noon in Washington it is an
even hour in each of these other divisions.
The Naval Observatory contains a great
many fine instruments. It holds , what
was for a time the largest telescope in the
the United States.'the 23-inch Clark equa
torial, which cost $46,000 and was erected
in 1873. The Lick telescope in California,
36-inch, soon took from the Government
the distinction of owning the greatest tel
escope, and that In a few years was ex
ceeded by the ; Yerkes telescope, 40 inches.
With the Clark telescope Professor Hall
discovered the ] satellites ; of , Mars, and
there are otherr discoveries to its credit
In astronomical history. .. \ . %
The big telescope has nothing to do with
the time signal. The telescope used in the
business of measuring time is the transit
instrument, which la. much smaller. Here,
on each clear night, an observer watches
the movement of the stars. and by. their
aid corrects the big.Frodsham clock which
stands In the signal room. . In the making
of the observations the; web of the spider
plays an important part. Threads of cob
webs are not only ' fine but . wonderfully
strong for their fineness. They also pos
sess a remarkable stability, not being af-!
fected!by-moisture and neither expanding
nor contracting with the . changes m the
temperature. These threads are used to
celerates or retards the clock to be regu
lated by touching tbe pendulum with his
finger till the space measured shows that
the fractional difference Is just .09 of a
second. Than the clock Is ready for the
day's work.
All this takes place not too long before
the noon hour, so as to give the clock
little time to lose or gain. There Is a
sounder on top of the clock which steadily
ticks off the seconds loud enough to bo
heard in the adjoining room. At three and
a quarter minutes before noon, approxi
mately, the big clock Is switched Into the
telegraph circuit.
This signal clock has a toothed wheel di
rectly behind the wheel which marks the
seconds. The wheel Is divided Into sixty
spaces, but the tooth representing the
twenty-ninth second Is mlsglng, and so are
those representing the fifty-fifth, flftyr
sixth, fifty-seventh, flfty-elghth and fifty- '
ninth seconds. As this wheel revolves the
teeth come in contact with a spring which
Is in connection with the current, closing
the circuit and causing the sounder to re-,
spond. The twenty-ninth signal drops out,
and that intermission Indicates the ap
proach the half-minute. In the same way
an intermission of live beats Indicates tha
approach of the end of the minute. -'--
In the last hundredth of the last second,
of the fifty-ninth minute of tbe eleventh,
hour at Washington the tooth, of the mln-.
ute wheel touches the spring which closes
the circuit, and simultaneously tha timer
balls all over the country drop.
red ink makes a straight mark on the
paper which is fastened . around a cylin
der. In each of the two clocks is a cogged
wheel just behind .the dial, which turns
with the second hand. Each of the cogs
In turn touches a brass spring which
closes the circuit of a battery. An elec
tric Impulse from the battery passes
through the pen and by a mechanical ar
rangement causes it to make a horizontal
mark on the cylinder. Thus every second
is permanently recorded. The Frodsham
clock is also in circuit with this pen. A
cup" of mercury rests in the clock. It Is
connected with one pole of the battery.
The pendulum Is connected with the
other. As the pendulum swings it touches
the mercury ln the cup, closing. the cir
cuit and sending an electric impulse
through the pen. This Impulse also causes
the sen to be deflected and to . leave a
mark on the cylinder.
It is easy enough to set either of the
other clocks within a second of the
Frodsham— to set the minute hand at the
eight-minute variation and the ' second
hand twelve seconds more. But the frac
tion of the remaining second must be
measured with great nicety. This Is done
by ' measuring the space . between the
marks on the cylinder with a prepared
graduated . scale which shows the differ
ence between the two beats to hundredths
of a second. The operator doing this ac-
make cross lines extending' at right angles
•across the field of view so as to divida it
into mathematical spaces. ,For this pur
pose it is found that spiders' webs gath
ered hear ¦ Washington are more effica
cious than those which can ( be obtained
elsewhere.
All through the signal room as the day
observer. ? enters there is a buzz- as of
grasshoppers in the field on a warm sum
mer day. * This is' the voice of the chro
nometers, which fill long wooden cases.
All the navy's chronometers are sent here
to be regulated., ¦ ._ .
Opposite the Frodsham clock are two
less costly timepieces which contain the
mechanism for sending out the time sig
nal. These ' timepieces cost between $700
and $800 apiece. " There is, > by the way,
another..-clock- in the observatory <for
which Congress "aid $10,000. It was in
vented by Dr. John Locke of Cincinnati in
1849 and was the first apparatus for trans
mitting time automatically. It is running
now, but its only use is to measure time.
. " The .Frodsham clock is set for sidereal
time. Between this and standard Eastern
time there _ is a difference of 8 minutes
12:09 seconds. ¦ The other, clocks when they
are i regulated by the < Frodsham must be
made to vary just 8 minutes 12:09 seconds
from it. This is accomplished by an In
genious recording device for a fixed rate
of speed. .;A stationary pen loaded with
UNCLE SAM SETS 70,000 CLOCKS WHEN THE NOON HOUR STRIKES
Then the man mnua.
"Of course." said the bo>.
Presently the boy returned and handed
the man a. small bottle, carefully wrapped
up. The man left his desk and sought a
secluded apot where be tore off the cover
ing. Then there was an explosion. It was
well for the boy that he was out of reach
at tbat moment. Later the man found
him.
"What did I tell you to ffetr he asked.
"Cough medicine." said the boy.
"And you got It!"
"Yes. Dr. Cureall's great cough cure."
"But didn't you see me wink?" shouted
the man.
"Tes," said the boy.
"And what did you suppose that
meant?" %
"I don't know."
"What more could the man say?
: _. __ ' _ - _ _«l.
in life— his wife and three children. He
hates notoriety. He avoids It In every
way possible. He does not wish to be in^
terviewed or held up to public view ln any
way. He has worried more over news
paper articles about himself during the
last six months than over his business
affairs. To himself .he is nothing more
than plain "George H. - Phillips, corn
dealer."
The man felt the need of a stimulant to
go on with his . work. But he had no
money. He had enjoyed himself the night
before. He circulated among his office
friends and at last found a quarter of a
dollar. Then he called the office boy and
in a confidential tone said:
"Boy, I have a bad cold. Here Is a
quarter. Get me some cough medicine.
You understand?" •. . ¦ ¦
Others, are from clergymen In all parts
of the country, who;state that they, are
praying for his success. It Is'-not made
clear why the clergv should be interested
in corn deals, but Mr. Phillips accepts the
letters arfd politely answers them. Many
farmers write him thanking him for what
he has done for it has enabled them to
Ret better prices for their corn.' Grain
dealers address him because he has
brought about a meat rigid inspection of
grain and indirectly secured the indict-
raent of one operator for alleged •"doctor-
ing" cf corn * • '
While his mail is disappearing he is re-
ceiving advice from all parts of the cpun-
try as. to the state of the market, and
also information as to the plans of his
opponents. He is said to be one of the
first big speculators in the .West who have
made it a point to know in one way or
another what the opposite side of the j
market i3-preparing i to do to him. He-is '
ready for, his operationsof. the day by 9
o'clock, and a few minutes .later may'be
found ln the pii or. over at-the bulletin,
tov&B. one of his favorite' resorts, or
nidden away in his private office directing
the Proceedings of Ms confidential agents,
He is inaccessible to visitors (except
tho.e who are directly interested in the
market) until about 3 o'clock. He goes-
to lunch at 1:3° an<1 £ in. his office again
at 3> Then the sel"-ral pubU, c may ®f
him lf it has legitimate business. His
manner of greeting is affable and open.
He seemingly has r.othins to conceal nyr
anything to boast cf.
Believes in Legitimate Market. •
"I believe," he 3uys, "in a legitimate
market. If corn or oats are not in sight-
the market should be a rising one. The
farmer is entitled to the best prices pos
sible, and the trader's aim should he to
deal on. the facts as they-are.. Nothing
extraordinary has ever happened in my
life. I have worked and workeg hard,
and I have gained some knowledge., I am
in this business as a business man, deal
ing with facts. I Ilka legitimate specula
tion and see no reason why I should not
continue in it.'V £ ... .
On the Board of Trade those who ad
mire him the most say: .
"He-has done more than any five or ten
of the old-time operators to bring outside
tr' ade t0 the Chicago market. He has a
h\ g Hne of customers buying corn on its
merits and he ought to be helped instead
of injured."
He may be a deposed "Corn King" in
time, but it is not going to disturb his
full and greatest enjoyment of one thing
this lr.st action ne said at the time, with
a half smile playing about his" lips:
"We were called $225,000 on margins to
day. We have, put It' all up and we can
do it over again to-morrow, If necessary.
We have been called 10 per cent quite
generally, in addition to having margin3
up In the market. We have got as much
money as anybody in l.he business I think..
Mr. Hill and Mr. Collins, who are with
me, have J390.OO0 apiece, and we have, in
addition, the money of the people who are
trading with us. They number 300."
Upset Board Calculations.
It is something new for the Chicago
Board of Trade to have 'a" man upset its
calculations as Phillips has,' end' do it on
the bald proposition that he is right and
the speculators of the, board riot only
wrong; now but wrong for years past. Not :
even "Joe" Leiter gave the' board such a
stirring .up as this ycuns and seemingly
callow man has. M*\. JLeUer's deal was a
tremendous speculation between him , and
the giant operators of 'the board. He had
millions and they had millions, and wi*?n
he quit anywhere from SG.COO.OGO \ui SS.O^OCOf
loser, there wras_-."a "gentleihen' a. . settle
ment," and things v.-cnt on in;,thp old rou
tine. Mr. Lelte.r had back of him in his
operations the traditions of an old and
respected name and he was part of the
social life of the very men he was specu
lating against: He had his "fling," it 'was
expected, arid everybody enjoyed it • but
the losers. * - ' ¦ - m
Not so with Mr. Phillips. Except for
the notoriety^' sained last fall and his
present eminence in the pit, he is not. any
kin r l of a recognized factor In Chicago.
He has lived- a '-' modest! retiring, hard
working life and/ but. for his .remarkable
knowledge of eern.and his faith in. the
corn products might never have been
heard of outsifie of the Mnall circle of his
local friends. ;
His Backer "Dan" Hill.
He has a friend from Morris by *the
name of "Dan". Hill. "Dan" is supposed
to own as manj acres of farm land in
Illinois as the famous Scully once did. He .
has money and land, .and abounding faith
In young Phillips. It was he who helped
Phillips to buy and hold until he got ready
to sell a little less than three million
bushels of corn in the "November deal,"
•and it is he who is. with, him to-day. ¦ Be
hind the two are many rich and influential '
farmers in Iowa and Illinois, and it is be
lieved the combination ¦ has "too much
ready cash to be broken. Anyway, Phil
lips says that it cannot be routed, and he
ought to know.
As to Phillips himself, he Is not an
enigma," ' although. many_ traders walk
about discussing him In most mysteriousl
tones. He is physically fragile enough to
be blown. away by a breath of wind, con
sisting of little else than a bundle of wire
and steel nerves, a quick acting heart and
a mind constructed for handling details
and not easily disturbed. Ho lives at 2908
Ridge avenue. Rogers Park, almost on the
edge of the northwestern limits of Chi
cago. - ¦ •
N"ear Enough to the Country. . "5
The district Is so unfashionable that
while Ridge avenue Is legally a boulevard,
it is fringed with chicken farms and truck
gardens or waste land. The air is godd,
the scenery fine and Lake Michigan near,
¦but the society there is not that "of the
great speculators of the Board of .Trade
nor of the "wine and horses" crowd that
has millions In cereals to-day and but a
penny fcr lunch to-morrow. It is a pretty
suburb, where sensible^people take their
children to grow .up, where there are
churches for plain people and homely
ways of living. It is just on the dividing
line between a farm and a city and about
as near rural life as Mr. PhilHps could
hope to get without leaving the town alto
gether.
Hl3 residence looks like that of a man
who wanted comfort and very little show;
a man who iiked the game of life for the
game's own Eake and for nothing else.
Mr.- Phillips leaves it every morning in a
roost matter of fact fashion, walks leis
urely about half a mile to the suburban
station of the Northwestern road, is car
ried in to the Wells-street station in
eighteen minutes and finds himself in the
Rialto building, where his offices are, ten
minutes later. The Rialto stands just
south of the Board of Trade building and
is connected with the latter by a bridge
and court.
Clergy Praying for Him.
The first thing the new speculative star
does when he enters his office is to attack
fcis mail. He receives hundreds of letters
daily. Many of them are begging requests.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
f-y EORGE H. PHILLIPS, whose dar-
I / ing operations on the Chicago
\\X Board of Trade are now en every
Western speculator's tongue, is
called the "bis little man" of the
crorn pit. He Is called "big" because of
his nerve and "little" because In physique
he could almost be confined in a pint bot
tle. Then, too. he is modest and retiring,
and, as compared with many of his op
ponents on the Doard of Trade, poor.
In his Nevember, 1900, deal in corn he
is supposed to have cleared U50.000. What
he has since made or lost Jn his fight in
the corn, oats and wheat pits is still a
matter of speculation. Those who pre
tend to know hi* Bjtuatlon assert that if
he defeats the bear movement now oper
ating against him he will be winner of
half a million dollars.
Mr. Phillips' phenomenal rise as a spec
ulator appears to be due to his willing
ness to break traditions of the board, his
utter lack of speculative fear and the al
most unlimited capital which he seems
to have at his command, and which Is
raid to come from a. syndicate of Middle
Iowa and Central Illinois farmers who
believe in legitimate trading— that Is, ac
tual buying, selling and handling of grain.
Led by Phillips, they have set themselves
againet the rich and poor traders .of the
board, who most delight in operating,
upon fictitious shortages or fictitious sur
pluses.
Took to the Grain Buiness Naturally.
Thirty-four years old, born in Morris,
111., Mr. Phillips became an elevator boy
in his father's storehouse In Morris while
still a school boy. He went to Chicagp as
soon as he was free from school and
worked at anything his hands found to
do. He preferred city life to that of the
country and announced his determination
never to return to Morris, except as a
visitor. His father was" a grain dealer
and he showed a fondness for the busi
ness himself, so that after being in Chi
cago a short time he found himself work-
Ing with the corn Inspectors of the Alton
and Eurlington roads. He spent his days
about the tracks of these companies and
became familiar with every detail of corn
Inspection and the nature of the cereal.
Later he was a buyer for the house of
George A. Seaverns & Co., in the corn
market, and finally became a commission
merchant on his own account, having a
very limited capital, but a wide experi
ence in the nature of corn. He had also
the belief, that through fictitious opera
tions the bears kept the price of corn too
low in the Chicago market, and that it
could be maintained higher if any one
dared to make the fight.
He proved the truth of his opinion by
entering what has become known as the
"corn deal of November. 1900," without
a dollar to control the market, and yet
having the entire product of corn then in
sight under his thumb. Arrayed against
him were men who count their millions
on their fingers — men of long heads and
shrewd ability as traders. He outwitted
hem all. His head was the longest, his
ierve the greatest, his thorough mastery
af the details of the business too much for
ais opponent*.
Depends on the Farmers.
It I* a characteristic of the man in his
Dpcrations— that of fix months ago and
he present one— that he depends upon the
armer for his guidance, and not upon
government or other crop reports. His
•orreepondeace with the actual producers
jf corn covers every State in the Union
kvhere there is a corn field or a granary.
lie is quoted as saying: '.*:',
*"1 do not care a fig for the Government
reports or the statistics sent out by re
porters. I have nothing to eay about
them, but I do not want them. I want to
know what the farmer has to say about
the supply, and I want Hhe information
Crom him direct. Then I am ready to
act."
Evidently the farmers informed him
tru'y in the "November deal,' 1 for be
caused every big: corn operator on the Chi
cago Board of Trade a big,loss and came
out a heavy .-.inner himself. He acted
fairly in his winning, too, In the face, of
the fact that many of the operators whom
he had at his mercy had endeavored In
ways not too scrupulous In nature to ruin
him by sudden calls for big margins. He
Sid not cause a single failure on the
Board of Trade in his "November deal,"
and in the present battle his conduct has
been so aboveboard that many brokers
are calling those "gray wolves" who on
last Monday week called on him for mar
gins of 2^4 cents a bushel on oats, 4U
peats on corn and 7% cents on wheat Of
THE NEW KING OF THE CORN PIT: HOW YOUNGTHB SUNDAY * CALL,
12CHAIRMEN OF COMMITTEES THAT WILL BE PROMINENT IN THE
PROGRAMME^OF- WELCOME THAT HAS -BEEN ARRANGED FOR
THE RECEPTION OF PRESIDENT McKINLEY. - ., - . .
Monday, May 20— Morning, 9:30 o'clock, unveiling of Donahue
fountain to mechanics on the way to the train. At 10 o'clock the
President Trill leave the city.
Friday, May \ i7— -Morning, school children's reception at Park
and visit ocean beach? in case of rain children's reception to be
In Mechanics' Pavilion (provisional). Afternoon, reception to
Knights Templar, 2 ' o'clock. ¦ ' Night, brief Visit to headquarters
First Regiment, League of the ' Cross, Grand Army and Loyal Le
gion enmpflre. * :
Saturday. May 18 — Morning, i launch of the Ohio, about 12
o'clock* the President will take the tug -to .go over to the Union'
Iron Works about 1O o'clock; the President tvill address the
workmen; luncheon Union League Club., Night, citizens' banquet.
Sunday, May 10 — Reserved. Evening with Mr. and Mrs.
Morse.
Thursday, May 10 Morning, visit ; to Slonnt TamalpalR, leav
ing at 8 o'clock.; • Afternoon,, reception to Sons of the Revolution
tn the Palace Hotel, thirty minute*; reception to Mexican Veter
ans, Pioneers, Loyal lieglon and Native Sons In Native Sons' hall,
one hour 1 "reception to ladles of the Presidential party at Mark
Hopkins-Institute of Art from 3 to S o'clock, the ladles remaining
to suit their convenlen'ce. Night, banquet by Ohio Society to
President in Palace Hotel and liy ladles of the Ohio Society to the
ladles of the party at the' Calif ornia Hotel.
¦ Wednesday, -May -15— Morning, commencement exerciser of
the University of California. 'Afternoon, visit to Oakland. Night,
reserved. • .. . : . S
Arrive Tuesday, May : 14, 3»4O p. m.— The President -will l>e
met at the depot by the Mayor and Citizens' Committee. Klght, 8
o'clock, public .reception at, the Ferry building.
Following Is the official programme . of the President's visit
to San Francisco as arranged by . the local committees and ap
proved by himi . ¦ -
THE PROGRAMME AS
FINALLY APPROVED
Continued on Page Fourteen.
Just before the President reaches San
Francisco he will be given luncheon in the
tennis courts of the hotel at Burlingame.
The courts are laid out just . behind the
hotel In a grove of eucalyptus and cypress
trees that keep them In the deepest shade.
There will be room for nearly four'hun
dred people at the tables which will be
set, but the guests will be limited to the
members of the Burlingame Country
Club and their Invited friends. Two rooms
in the hotel will be fitted up for the use
oX the President and Mrs. McKinley, and
from the hotel to the courts an arch of
flowers will be erected. All along the back
of the hotel the geraniums are In bloom,
and when the President comes their brill
iant hues will add color to the .scheme of
decoration that Is planned. Palms and
ferns and a wealth of flowers will furnish
Burlingame's' Luncheon.
the excitement over \ the President's visit
was started, and new names are pouring
Into the headquarters faster than a type
writer can keep track of them.
A triangular space between Folsom and
Spear street wharves has been set apart
for Rear Admiral Casey's fleet during
presidential week. The Iowa and Wiscon
sin will be anchored oft Folsom street and
the Philadelphia off Spear • street. On his
way to "the launching of the Ohio Presi
dent McKinley will pass between the two
battleships, which will salute simultane
ously. Passing . the Philadelphia, I another
ealute . will be fired and: that part of the
ceremony will be over. The space set
Presidential Salutes.
The President will be met at the station
of : Burlingame by the members of the
club. He will ¦ be given the best four-in
hand and the best coach in the settlement
and will be driven around the suburb until
he has seen all its beauties. Then he will
be taken to the hotel and to the tables
laid under the trees in the tennis court.'
variety and Improvement to the natural
beauties of the place, and when all is
ready the outdoor dining-room will be like
a fairy bower.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. April 27.— San Luis
Oblspo; has been given three-quarters of
an hour In which to extend its greetlng3
' President - McKinley - and - • his . " party
, when they, pass through here on his spe
cial train on May" 10: The train will reach
Hour of Enthusiasm.
It .Will Furnish Three-Quarters of an
Ltris IS PBEPARl^a.
There will be a reception on the even
ing of , the 13th to the President's party.
It will be in the nature of a ballgiven by
some of the most prominent people in the
city at the Vendome. Only three hundred
tickets -will be Issued.' O. A. Hale ; is
chairman of the committee having -this
private function in charge and Jame3 D.
Miner, David Henderson, '.Alfred, Holmon
and Dr. H. C. Brown are the other mem
bers. •
The decoration committee at its meet
ing last night decided that j the private
store decorations should, if possible, be
kept In accord with 1 the public decorative
scheme. ;. To this end 'the committee ap
pionted a* decorator, who will be officially
recognized and- will secure contracts for
the work of putting in place decorations
and flags and will attend to the lantern
Illumination. A'unlformity of artistic ar
rangement wili add much 'to the effective
ness' of- the display and the expense-will
be smaller to the merchants. ,
James Hotel, and here, too, there will be
appropriate arrangements for the .distin
guished guests. ; . .'
here at 6:30 p. m.,, and will be met at the
Southern Pacific station by Mayor .Ship
sey and a reception committee appointed
by the City Council, accompanied by the
I military band.
The reception committee is composed
of Mayor William' Shlpsey, T. T. Critten
1 den, : Benjamin Brooks, • editor., of j the
Tribune; ex-Sheriff S. D. Ballou and John
Barneberg. A fine team, of four white
horses,- perfectly, . matched, drawing a
carriage to seat the President, Mrs. : Mc-
Kinley and the. Mayor, .will be in readi
ness, and - the party . will be driven
through the ' principal streets and past
. some of the. beautiful flower garden3 for
which San Luis Obispo Is famous.' Other
carriages • will be. provided for the j rest
of the party and' these' will be followed
by many other carriages, .all handsomely
decorated with flowers. The station will
be decorated and a bouquet of flower3
will be presented to every, member "of the
party by a, committee, of ladies. The
President's bouquet wil be of rich carna
tions. >. ' . -
' As little handshaking as possible wJll
be allowed, ' and everything will ba done
,to cause the distinguished visitors jj to
have a pleasant . remembrance of San
Luis Oblspo Sub-committees are now
being selected to take charge of the
different features of the. reception. This
will be the first party of notable people
to call, at this place since .the comple
tion of tha Coast Line from San -Fran
cisco -to" Los "Angeles,- and the twilight
I drive of the President . and his party
be, made a memorable occasion.
' Somecof , the i- Presidential - party _ and
many of the Ohio delegation who are com
ing T . will ;^ be -taken I care . of : at " : the Saint
The Hotel Vendbme, which will be Presi
dent McKinley's residence during his short
stay [in San" Jose, ~ Is being beautifully
decorated for the occasion. Besides
the Interior decorations which are . be
ing made at ';. gTeat expense the bal
cony overlooking the parlors' on the east
side of. the hotel Is being Inclosed in can
vas and the windowswlll be removed so
that the guests may step from/the] par
lors to the veranda.jmaklng it practically
one large room.' On this canvas covertug
huge palm leaves willj>e matted and jar
dinieres of roses and^rut flowers will be
placed at intervals In tile Votunda and
along .the hallways. :„.,. .. ., - ~1.\.;. = ' •
SAN JOSE, Aprir 27.— The headquarters
of the Carnival of Roses in the City Hall
is becoming a very busy place as -the time
of the festival* approaches. There are
more than one hundred men engaged in
the active work of management and com
mittee meetings are now a matter of
every day. Director 'General jj Greenlngor,
who has the supervision of every depart
ment, is devoting his entire time to seeing
that everything la progressing a
successful issue. . * . .*{ 4'
Hotels and Merchants.
Lavish. Decorations Being KCade 'by
SAN" JOSE'S PLANS.
At a ' meeting of the charter members
of McKinley Provisional Post. 1901, G.
A. R.. composed of the members of the
McKinley Grand Army committee and
the past department commanders belong
ing to' San " Francisco' "posts," held at the
Occidental- Hotel recently, . the .following
comrades were elected officers of McKin
ley Provisional Post: Commander, W. H.
L. Barnes; S. V. commander, S. W.!
Backus:- J. V. commander, ,W. R. Smed
befg; adjutant, T. C. Mastellar; quarter
master, C. E. Wilson; -'surgeon,, R. H.
AVai field ; . chaplain, i N—P. \ Chipman ; offi
cer of the day, E. S. Salomon;' sergeant
major, T. H. Goodman.*,' V
apart by the Harbor Commissioners for
the war ships will b*e kept clear of ship
ping for a week, and no coaster nor any
other craft will be 'allowed ' to anchor
there/ ' ,' .'/,, ",".¦''••'.¦.'
The President will leave San Franci3co
May 20 at 10 a. m.. and will arrive in
Stockton at 1:13 p. m., leaving there at
3:15 p. m. and reaching Sacramento at
4:45 p. m.. where he will stay until mid
night. Brief stops will be made on May
21 at Redding and Sisson, In' California,
and at Ashland, in Oregon/ and the train
¦yx -W T-ASHINOTOX. April ST.—
\ / There WM a con8tan *
' \ / \ / stream of callers at the
White House to-day. Moat
Y ¦ : V of them called simply to>
6ay goodr-by to the Presi
dent, who will leave h«rs
Monday for his long trip to the> Paeifio
Coast. Secretary Cortelyou has sent to
each member of the President's party a
handsomely prepared Itinerary of the trip.
It is in the form of a booklet 'with a hand
somely embossed cover, and contains. In
addition to a map showing the route to be
taken by the party, the names of the
members Jot the party, the day and hour
of arrival and departure at each, point,
the population and elevation above the
sea level of cities at which stops will be
ronfle. • and • many other Interesting facts.
Including the names of the railroads over
whin the train will travel, the distance
between points, etc. Tho longest distance
to be' traveled without a" stop is from San
Antonio to El Paso, Tex., a distance of
624 miles. The members of the party will
te: . .'.'.'
. The list of the Presidential, party and
the official itinerary of- the trip, corrected
tip to the last minute, has been given out,
with the final approval of the President.
; The members of the Presidential party
to the Pacific Coast will be as follows:
The President. Mrs. McKinley, M13S
Barter. Secretary Hay, Mrs. Hay, Post
.master. General Smith,, .lira. . Smith. Sec
retary ijong. Mrs." Lonsr, | Secretary
Hitchcock,; Ml?s Hitchcock, Secretary
"Wilson. Mlw* "Wilson. Private Secretary
'.Ccrtelyon, Mrs. Cortalyou, Dr. P. M.
.ti&fCS, .Mr?. Rlxey. Assistant Secretary
'Parnw; Henry T. Scott, Laurence *t
'Scott.' Charles A. Moore. Mrs. Moore, M.
.A. •Dignam: -J. Kruttschnltt. . fourth vice
president Southern Pacific "Railroad; L. S.
.Brown, general agent Southern Railway;
• A. J. Leonard, Nelson P. "Webster and M.
C I^attaj '. stenographers; j Howard X.
Thompson, -Associated Press; "Walter E.
Clark. New York Sun Press Association;
,R.' H. .Hazard.. ScriDDS-McsRae Press As
sociation; J. C- Hemment. Harpers*
"Weekly; TR. \K Dunn. Leslie's "Weekly;
James H. Hare. Collier's Weekly: W. W.
Price. Washinston Evening Star: Henry
L. "West, Washington Post; Frank B.
Lord. Washington Times; H. A. Stroh
mpypr, photographer; Morell Marean.
."Western* Union Telegrraph Company;
George W. Ribble, Postal Telegraph Com
pany. In addition to these there will be
a. number of servants and .attaches.
President McKinley and Mrs. Me-
Klnley are both in good spirits for the
trip. Mrs. McKinley's health is as good
as it has > been in a Ions time. . She has
splendid .powers of ' endurance, and Dr.
Rixey ha3 every hope she will stand the
trip well.
The party will leave "Washington at
10:30 Monday morning. April 29, arriving
.at Memphis at 4:30 Tuesday afternoon,
April 20. with brief stops at Alexandria,
Charlottesville, Lynchburg and Roanoke,
y a. ; .Bristol, Term.; Huntsvllle. Ala.; Tua
cumbia, Ala., and Corinth, Miss. v'
The train' will leave 'Memphis at . 1:30
"Wednesday morning. May 1. stopping at
Vlcksburg and Jacksonj Miss., and arriv
ing, at New Orleans at 4:30 on the same
afternoon, spending the night and next
day. Thursday. 1 May 2, In that city. Leav
ing New Orleans at 6 p. m., the party will
reach Houston, Tex., at 8:15, May 3. and
will leave there at 9:55 a. m.. stopping at
Prairie View, Hempstead and Erenham.
arriving at Austin at 4:30 p. m. of the
same day.
Leaving Austin. at 10 that evening the
train will reach San Antonio during the
night and will leave there at noon on May
4,! arriving at El. Paso at 9 Sunday morn
ing. May 5, spending the day there. Leav
ing El Paso on Monday noon, May 6,
stops will be made at Deming, N. M., Ben
son, Tucson. Martcopa and Phoenix, Ariz.,
arriving at Phoenix at 3:30 a. m.. May 7.
and leaving at 5 p. m. The train will stop
again af Maricopa and; will reach Red
lands, Cal., at 9 a. m.. May 8. It will leavo
Redlands on the same noon, and arrive at
Los Angeles at 2:30 in the afternoon. The
party will remain in Los Angeles until 6
a_.m.. May 10. It, will reach Ventura at
9 a. m.. May 10, stopping there one hour.
It will arrive at Santa Barbara at 11 a. m..
leaving at 2 In the afternoon and reaching
San Luis Oblspo at 7 p. m. for a one hour's
stay. It will arrive at Del Monte at 3
a. m.. May 11. and will remain there over
Sunday, leaving at 8 a. in.. Monday, May
13, stopping at Pajaro and reaching Santa
Cruz at 9:45. The train will leave Santa
Cruz at 12.10 p. m. and will reach San
Jose at 2:30, spending the night there and
leaving at 9 a. m.'. May 14. It will stop
at Palo Alto and Burlingame and will ar
rive In San Francisco at 4:40 p. m.
riages would be needed to meet the Presi
dential party on the afternoon of the ar
rival and thirty-five carriages on the same
evening for the public reception; also ten
carriages dally for the use of the Presi
dential party. He stated also that he was
unable to report as to the number of reg
ulars or the number of returned Philip
pine soldiers that will be In line of march.
Telegrams have been sent to Secretary
Hoot and Adjutant General Corbln asking
that all Philippine soldiers now here or to
arrive before the President's arrival be re
tained in camp and that they be ordered
to march and be reviewed by the Presi
dent. General "Warfleld reported that la
company with the field officers of the bri
gade. Chief of Police and the Harbor
Commissioners, as well as members of
the parade committee and of his staff, he
had been twice at the Ferry building and
had gone over carefully In detail the po
sitions for the troops to occupy, so as to
Insure the passage through the Ferry
building of the greatest number of people
possible and with the least chance of any
accident.
The Ohio Society has secured the use
ef three river barges which will be towed
out off the Union Iron Works to a place
where the best views of the launch may be
had. Each barge will accommodate six
teen hundred people. The society is also
seeking living accommodation for ten
thousand visiting; members from all over
the State. Rooms are being recorded at
the headquarters and It Is hoped that
when the time comes accommodation for
ell members who come to the city may be
ready. County societies have been formed
In almost every county of the State since
Carriages Needed. .
General Warfleld, chairman of the pa
rade committee, reported that forty car-
THE executive committee In
charge of the arrangements for
the reception of President Mc-
Klnley In this city met yester
day, but there was ,no material
action taken upon the pro
gramme. It was expected that the ques
tion of the reception by the school chil
dren would be finally settled, but this
was referred to a consultation between
the reception committee and the school
authorities.
P. W. Dohrmann. chairman of the
flnaaee committee, reported that the col
lections bo far amounted to $18,000, and
In addition to that sum $3000 had been
pledged. He said he hoped to secure the
remainder of the $25,000 necessary before
another week had passed.
, Napa has suggested a scheme that has
met with favor and If the weather per
mit It will furnish a. splendid feature to
ihe general welcome. Near the town of
Napa Is a high peak known as Mount St
G«org-e, and on this peak red fire will be
turned during the evenings of the Presi
dent's stay. The people of Napa have
T?ent word to the weather bureau asking
If it will not answer their signal with red
flre from the xreather station on the top
of Mount TamsJpaJs, and at the execu
tive committee meeting yesterday, where
the scheme was reported. It was decided
to allow tn« weather bureau enousrh to
answer In reddest of glares. The appro
priation of money for the purpose, how
ever, was tsad* contingent upon the
weather. If It be fopgy. or even misty,
there will be no red flre from Tamalpals,'
but If the weather be clear the heavens
above the gray old peak will blush as deep
a red as ever did a western sunset sky.
The decorations committee reported
that It wanted more fireworks, and Gen
eral TfarfieM reported that the details of
the parade had been decided upon. The
result of the parade committee's arrange
ments Is the formation of the following
column:
Parade Arrangements.
Grand Marshal R. H. Warfleld.
Btaff and aids to grand marshal; Colonel
J. P. Burgin. assirtant adjutant general:
Lieutenant Colonel G. F. Hansen. surg-eon;
Major J. A. Marao. Inspector: Major H. A.
TVeirener. Major P. J. Perkins. Major J. H.
HeniJr, Major A. H. Hank?, Major D. 8.
Dora, Captain A. L. TCaphtal^ Captain P. L.
¦Hunch. Sersreant Major E. fie Spaar. Sergeant
Major G. Stump.
Troop A, Rational Guard of California-
Carriages containing the parade committee,
«9 follows: F. B. Latham, representing the
North Paclflc Coast Railroad; C. F. Runyon,
representing Tamalpals Railway; Colonel Wil
liam Edwards, representing the Knights Tem
'plar; General A, W. Barrett, representing the
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks; Colo
nel TV. r>. Sanborn. representing the Chicago.
Burlington and Qulncy Railroad; Charles ' Ij.
Patton, representing- the Knlg-hts of Pythias; S.
V. Costello. representing the Native Sons of
the Golden West: Colonel Frank W. Sumner,
representing the Scottish Rite Masons: Colonel"
C. H. Bllnn. representing the Grand Army of
the Republic; Colonel J. B. Fuller, represent
ing the Loyal Lerlon; Colonel Charles Box
ton, representing the Board of Supervisor*;
W. P. Sullivan Jr.. representing the Police
Department; Parts Kllburn. representing the
Board of Harbor Commissioners.
Carriages containing President McKinley
kTi<l party and members of the citizens* com
mittee and Governor Gage and his committee.
Carriages containing Governor Nash and
rarty and members of the Ohio Society recep
tion committee.
Carriages with Senators, members of Con
gress and other distinguished guests.
United Stares rerular cavalry.
United States regular Infantry.
TTdted States regular artillery.
T'nlted States Volunteers/ .
National Guard of California.
Naval battalion. National Guard of Califor
nia.
The parade will proceed north on Third
Btreet to Market, thence west on Market
street to Van Ness avenue, north on Van
JCess avenue to Pine, where it will coun
termarch, passing in review before the
President and party, who will be Bta
tloned on a grand stand erected at a point
between Geary and Sutter streets.
After the parade and review the Presi
dent will be escorted to the Scott home
on the corner of Clay and Lagruna streets.
Burlingame Country Club Arranging for a Luncheon to Be
Given Under the Grove of Trees That Surrounds
the Tennis Court of the Hotel.
Salutes Will Be Fired From the Iowa, the Wisconsin and
the Philadelphia as the President Passes Down the
Bay on His Way to the Launch.
ONE DAY'S WORK OF PREPARATION
Formation of'the parade baa been decided upon.
Red fire la to barn on the summit of Mount Tamalpnli.
Decoration ' Committee points ont need of more firework*.
Scores of carriages are needed for the Presidential party.
Finance Committee reports that ? 21,000 Is now In •lffht.
Ohio Society seeking accommodations for visitors.
Barges haTe been secured for the -visitors at the launching.
Bvrllngame Club has planned, a ipirndld welcome.
President McKinley has approved the programme nrranged.
LOCAL COMMITTEE SHAPES ITS PLAN FOR RECEPTION, PARADE,
RED FIRE FROM TAMALPAIS AND GATHERING OF MORE MONEY,
WHILE IN THE OUTSIDE TOWNS PREPARATIONS PROGRESS MERRILY
| Pages 13 to 22
IS to 22 1
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 149.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, . 1901 -THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.j ACRAMENTO, April 27.— The May
(L^L Queen contest closed to-nieht and
several hours were passed In
counting the many votes polled to
day. The result of the count
showed that Miss Edith Tufts had re
ceived the highest number-*-21,051— and she
was declared the Queen for the Street
Fair and. Trades' Carnival, beginning
May 6. The next three highest were Miss
Salye Beaumont, with 9S52 votes, Miss
Belle Matthews, with E3S7 votes, and Miss
Minnie Alice Shea, "with 5331 votes.
At Oak Park, a suburb of Sacramento,
Miss Ella Davis wa3 chosen maid of
honor.
Director General Clark announces that
the carnival Queen's carriage will be a
beautiful victoria, drawn by four hand
some docktailed hackneys. Both the coach
of state and the horses will be/ brought
from San Francisco. A liveried coach
man will "hold the ribbons" over this
turnout. The decoration scheme for the
Queen's victoria is most elaborate. Pam
pas plumes to the number of 2000 will form
the foundation, and 4000 white carnations,'
for which the order has already been
placed, will be used to complete the effect.
The "Sixteen maids of honor will follow
the Queen, two large tally-ho coaches
having been engaged for them. More than
6000 oink carnations will be used In deco
rating these two tally-hos and each coach
will be drawn by four horses.
TWO CHARMING CALIFORNIA GIRLS WHO HAVE BEEN ELECTED IN VOTING .CONTESTS AT NEVADA CITY
AND REDDING, RESPECTIVELY, TO REPRESENT THOSE, TOWNS AS MAIDS OF HONOR TO THE QUEEN
WHO WILL RULE THE COMING STREET CARNIVAL IN SACRAMENTO.
growers in mass meeting to-day adopted
resolutions In favor of closing up the af
fairs of the Cured Fruit Association as
speedily as possible and dissolving the
corporation. They declared themselves
opposed to the continuance of any of the
present board of directors . and • indorsed
five of the nominees of the recent infor
mal convention for places on the board,
as follows: J. H. Henry, W. P. Lyons,
H. F. Lord, H. L. Stevens, F. H. Babb.
Overdue Schooner Safe.
BAN DIEGO, April 27.— After having
been given up by- some as -lost, the
schooner Volante arrived to-night, two
months' and five days • from Guaymas,
Mexico. Captain Carter reports that head
winds and light winds were the cause of
the delay. Part of the time he was 300
miles off the coast, but could not 'get a
breath of wind to bring him northward.
The schooner brings 250 tons of guano.
Growers in Mass Meeting Declare
Against Continuing the Asso
ciation.
BAN JOSB, April 27.— East Side fruit
FAVOR DISSOLVING
¦FK.U1T CORPOBATION
onel H. C. Ellison and wife, Colonel C. J.
Hoster and wife and Colonel Max Fleish
man. Other prominent Ohians and their
wives who will go are: Harry J. Hoover
and wife, Fred Black and wife, B. G.
Dawes and wife, Julius Whiting and wife,
Captain A. Wagner and wife, Senator Sie
ber and wife, E. J. Vaughan and wife, R.
E. Jones and wife. Mrs. J. R. Shrum and
mother, J. M. Lowe and wife, F. H. Mil
ler and wife.
The following prominent gentlemen will
occupy the "stag" car in the Governor's
train: J. D. Ellison, W. G. Bowland, Hon.
J. F. Burkett, H. B. Arnold. W. F. Bur
dell, H. A. Lanman, C. M. Peters, Miller
McDonald, W. A. Mills, Fred W. Pren
tlss, Charles Stewart, T. Troupe, Frank
Geiger, Harry Freye, Theodore Troupe,
Hon. Nicolas Longworth, T. P. Linn, W.
E. Joseph, C. L. Allen.
and- the fact that it took a breach of
promise suit to force the wedding comes
as a surprise. Mrs. Lagrue, who is 34
: years old, Is the widow of Hector Lagrue,
who formerly conducted the Lamolle
House. He died several years ago, leav
j ing an estate valued at about $50,000. One
half of this was given to the widow and
the balance to two children. Mrs. Lagrue
was considered a good matrimonial catch
and several Frenchmen "set their caps"
for her. The affections of Hermelin were
returned and an engagement entered into.
Mrs. Lagrue decided to have their prop
erty rights definitely understood before
the marriage. He was to make some
valuable Improvements on her property
and she was to give him only a share of
her estate. Suddenly a coldness came
SAN JOSE, April 27.— Rather than run
the chance of losing $20,000 In a breach of
promise case, Julian Hermelin, proprietor
of the Liberty Hotel, at the corner of El
Dorado and San Pedro streets, will wed
Isaline R. Lagrue. a fascinating young
widow, on May 8.
This courtship -has extended over two
years, but the marriage is hastened by a
breach of promise suit filed by Mrs. La
grue on April 16, In which she alleged her
affections had suffered In the thousands
named. I
The little French colony here has been
aeoK for a long time over the Impending
JLrriage of Hermelin and Mrs. Lagrue
Governor George K. Nash, Miss Helen
Deshler. Miss Louise Deshler, Mrs. B. 8.
Warnir and son and Fred N. Sinks Gov
ernor Nash's private secretary, and Mrs.
Sinks ¦
The' members of Governor Nash's staff
who will accompany the Governor are
General C. M. Spitzer and wife, Colonel
M M. Glllett, Colonel E. J. Bird and. wife,
Colonel George B. Donovln and wife, Col-
over Hermelin, after the widow had thus
declared herself. Mrs. Lagrue pressed
him to name ¦ the day and he - refused.
Then she filed the breach of promise suit.
In her complaint she declared that for
two years she had been engaged to Her
melin arid stood ready to marry him at
all times, but he had refused to keep his
part of the contract.
This brought Hermelin, who Is a man
of wealth, to time. He at once sought
negotiations with Mrs. Lagrue. He told
her he had a wife and children in France,
from whom he had not been divorced.
Thus he could not marry her, and he
asked time for a trip to France. Mrs.
Lagrue surprised him by saying she had
Investigated and knew that he was pre
varicating.
This afternoon a settlement was
reached and an ante-nuptial contract
went on record In the Recorder's office.
By its terms Hermelin gives Mrs. Lagrue
a bill of sale to a half interest in the
Liberty Hotel for $800 and in return she
deeds him a lot on El Dorado and Vine
streets. The contract states that they
have agreed to marry. . .
PRETTY SAN JOSE WIDOW'S BREACH OF PROMISE SUIT
PERSUADES TARDY LOVER TO HASTEN THE WEDDING DAY
When a committee from the Street Fair
Club waited on Secretary of State Charles
F Curry this year to secure the Capitol
erounds upon which to hold the fair that
official exacted a promise from the com-
mittee that no concessions would be given
to any attraction of the "Little Egypt"
order no matter what Its designation
might be The committee gave Its prom-
l™e and Mr Curry granted the use of the
Lrounds
An application for an Oriental theater
on "he Midway has been before the Street
Fair Club for some time. It was learned
that one of the features of this theater
waV a mu°cle dancer and the committee
ha^reeved In accordance with the prom-
i«a to the Secretarv of State to decline to
n^lth^rtoshS
neoDle
ntovda CITY* April 27-Miss Ger-
JI Hampton ;h* goes as maid of
honor to the court of Sacramento's carni-
val aueen, Is the daughter of a well-
known mining superintendent here. She
Is a Berkeley graduate and is teacher of
a grammar school at North San Juan.
Miss Hampton is a young lady of fine
attainments and very popular socially,
Two other prominent young ladies were
in the contest which resulted in her elec-
tion and 15.000 votes were cast. Miss
Hampton's plurality being nearly 800 over
the next highest candidate.
REDDING, April 27.-Miss Mary Shaf-
ter, queen-elect of the Foresters' Mayday
celebration at Redding, Is a resident of
the old town of Shasta. Out of a total of
53,431 votes polled. Miss Shatter received
45,976. Her election as Queen of the May .
carried with it the honor of being chosen
a maid of honor to the queen of the Sac-
ramento carnival.
GRASS VALLEY. May 27.-Mlss Mamie
L. Purcell was chosen as the Grass Valley
maid of honor to the Sacramento carnival
queen in a contest of two weeks duration.
Miss Purcell is a native of Grass Valley,
She is a very modest young lady of a re
tnring disposition and It was to the sar
prise of every one that she was willing to
remain in the contest. Her selection gives
the greatest satisfaction.
WOODLAND, April 27.-The local con
test for maid of honor to the queen of tne
Sacramento carnival will close at noon
on Tuesday, May 30 There are only a
few votes difference between the leading
two candidates. Miss Annie Richie anS
Miss Minnie Germshausen. It is expected
that there will be some heavy voting dur
ing the closing hours of the contest.
VACAVILLE. April 27.-Mlss Msi
Lyon has been elected maid of honor from
Vacaville to the queen of the Sacramento
Street Fair.
No. 65S on the coast division was speeding
toward Castroville this morning a serious
accident was barely avoided: - A section
foreman had opened a switch at Graves'
warehouse In order to run a handcar over
and forgot to fix lt. As the passenger
train came along it ran Into the open
switch and struck two handcars, throw-
Ing them a considerable distance. It also
hit a boxcar that was standing on the
track. . The only damage done to the pas
senger train was the breaking of the cow
catcher on the locomotive.
Section Foreman's Carelessness Re
sponsible for Accident on
Coast Line.
SALINAS, April 27.— As passenger train
PASSENGER TRAIN RUNS
INTO AN OPEN SWITCH
bed in Seattle. [
SEATTLE, April 27.— John Castro, as
sistant steward of the steamship City of
Nome, lies in Providence Hospital, suf
fering from concussion of : the brain. Ho
Is the thirteenth victim of footpads in
this city within thirty days.
Castro Is a resident of San Francisco.
His relatives live there. Three weeks ago
he came to Seattle, and the steward of
the steamship says that he has been a
steady, hard-working young man. Early
this morning, while on his way to the
steamship, Castro was attacked from
behind. The footpad hit him twice,
knocking him senseless. He lay in the
street for two hours before recovering
enough to crawl to the wharf, where he
fell in a faint. His condition Is serious.
Assistant Steward .Castro of ths
Steamship City of Nome Rob- °
SAN FRANCISCO MATT
ATTACKED BY FOOTPAD
the combine of transportation companies
doing business between Seattle and
Southeastern Alaska, which was an
nounced . yesterday, has led to an open
war in passenger and freight rates!. \ The
slash has already gone half way Into the
rates fixed by the defunct organization,
and the companies are lined uo for a war
that may continue all summer.
Two companies • to-day announced a
passenger rate of $8 from. Seattle to Skag
uay; other concerns are down to $10 and
$12. The association rate was $16. A pro
portionate cut has been made in rates for
freight and livestock rates are down from
$20 to $17 60 a head. Unless a compromise
is effected, of which the transportation
companies have no hope, the cut will
reach a still lower point with the opening
of navigation on the Yukon next month.
WARRING COMPANIES
SLASH at. A air aw BATES
Heavy Cuts Follow the Dissolution o£
the Transportation Com
bine.
SEATTLE, April 27.— The dissolution of
OHIO'S DELEOATTOU".
Those WTio Will Travel "Westward in
Governor Hash's Party.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, April 27.— Governor
George K. Nash, with members of his
Ft aft and a large number of prominent cit
izens of Ohio, will leave this city May 4
for San Francisco, where they will take
part In the ceremonies attending the
launching of the battleship Ohio. Tho
Ohio party will occupy two trains, which
•will be run as specials. Governor Nash
and his party will occupy the first sec
tion and the Columbus Board of Trade
end other citizens the second section.
In Governor Nash's private car will be
¦will reach Salem at 9 a, m. on May 22,
¦where it will stop three hours. It will ar
rive at Portland at 2:15 on the same day
and will leave there on May 23 at 9 a. in.,
etoppfng at Chehalis, Centralia and Olym
pia. Wash., and arriving at Tacoma at
4:S0 p. m. There will be a boat trip on
Puget Sound on May 24, ending in Seattle
at 2:30 p. m., the train running empty
from Tacoma to Seattle. The party will
leave Seattle on May 25 at 3 p. m. and will
stop at Ellensburg, North Yakima, Pasco,
Vailula, Walla Walla' and arrive at Spo
kane on May 26 at la. m.
The President will spend Sunday in
Spokane and will leave May 27 at 2 d. m.,
stopping at Hope, Idaho, on May 28, Gar
rison, Helena, Great Falls and Helena
again at 4:15, where he will remain until
10 p. m. Stops will be made at Living
ston and Cinnabar on May 29, and then
the way will be through Yellowstone Park
on May 29 and 30, leaving Cinnabar, at 7
p. m. May 31, and arriving at Anaconda
on June 1, at 4:30 p. m. Leaving Anacon
da at 30:S0 a. m. the President will arrive
at Butte at 11:30 and will leave there at
3:30 p. m. He will arrive at Salt Lake
City at 8:30 a. m. on June 2, remaining
there until noon on June 3. He will arrive
at Ogden at 1:30 p. m., leaving at 4 p. m.,
and reaching Glen wood, Colo., via Grand
Junction at 8:15 a. m. on June 4. Leaving
Glenwood at 11 a. m, and stopping at
Lcadville, Sallda, Canyon City, Pueblo and
Colorado Springs, he will reach Denver
on June 5 at 1:30 a. m., where the train
will sidetrack until 8:S0.
Leaving Denver at noon on June 5 he
will arrive at Cheyc-nne at 4 p. m., stop
ping- three hours and returning via Den
ver to Colorado Springs, which will be
reached early in the morning of June 6.
He will leave there at 3:15 p. m. June 7,
stepping at Pueblo and reaching Topeka,
Kans., at 10:50 a. m. on June S, after stop
jiinng at McPr.erson and Junction City.
The train will leave Topeka at 1 p. m.,
stopping briefly at Lawrence, Baldwin and
Ottawa, and reaching Kansas City at 5
p. m. June 8, where the President will
:-pend Sunday. He will leave at noon on
the 10th and arrive in St. Joseph at 2 p.
rn., remaining there until S:30 p. m. Ar
riving at Davenport, Iowa, on the 11th at
*:15 a. m., he will leave at 8:30, reaching
Rock Island at 8:40, where he will stay
till 10:10 and reaching Mollne at 10:15. He
will leave Moline at 10:30 a. m., arriving
in Chicago at 3:20 p. m. of the 11th. He
will leave Chicago at midnight of the 11th
and reaching Buffalo at 3 p. m. of the 12th
where he will stay over the 13th and
leave on the 14th at 10 a, m. Niagara Falls
will be reached at 10:45 and the President
will remain till 10 p. m., returning to Buf
falo at 11 p. m. Tne President will reach
Philadelphia June 15 at 1 p. m. via the
Delaware water gap and Manunkachunck.
He will leave Philadelphia at 1:05 a, m.
and arrive in Washington at 4:30 p. m.
June 15. The distance covered will be 10 -
£81 miles.
"Why don't he send me to jail? I have
said some very serious things about him.
Why 'don't he bring me Into court and
punish me for it? I am ready."
The oil land case, which has produced
the row, will be resumed on Tuesday
next.
I shall hereafter respond neither to inter
views, nor waste my time in further repllem.
I desire to call the attention of the people,
however, in conclusion, to this one fact, that,
although I refused these people a license in
August. 1900, from which time they have been
my most bitter enemies, the pretended agree
ment with me was never sprung: until In th«
progress of the case wherein I was. suing to
recover from Jack Writ:ht and others nearly
$200,OCO out of which I claim myself and partner
were defrauded by Wright and his associates.
B) W. Cavanaugh was asked to-night
whit he thought of the signed statements
of the clergymen affirming their faith in
Clark. He said:
Mayor Clark details his record on the
poolroom question as establishing his po
sition and closes his statement as follows:
It is not the Bee'a business." • but lt would
seem that a committee composed of these five
clergymen, particularly after the statements
they have signed, would be the very kind of a
committee Mayor Clark would court. The $1000
is still in the California State Bank and the
editor of the Bee, Into whose hands lt was
entrusted, proposes to leave it there until noon
of Monday, May 6. It is a public calamity
that the orphans cannot get it. It would do
more good that way than to keep it in bank
Mayor Clark makes no other answer to
the $1000 offer than to show these letters
from the clergymen and to reaffirm all
that he has said respecting Daroux and
Cavanaugh. He also presents a letter
from Chief of Police Sullivan and Cor
poration Counsel H. W. Johnson, ¦whose
sincerity, it should be said, has not been
questioned even by. Clark's enemies, in
which they declare that their Instructions
from' Clark were always that they should
proceed against the poolroom men and
the gamblers. "With respect to the $1000
offer to prove the charges on the part
of those making thtm the holder of the
stake remarked to-night:
SACRAMENTO. April 27.— Mayor George
H. Clark took his turn at the bat this
afternoon by presenting statements signed
by Rev. Charles . L. Miel, Rev. A. B.
Banks, Rev. Father Qulnn and Rev. S. J.
Carroll, in which they decline to heed thi
charges uttered against his official con
duct by Daroux anu Cavanaugh, or to sit
as judges in the determination thereof.
The special significance of the ministerial
confession of faith is that yesterday after
noon $i000 was placed in bank to be drawn
at the order of those clergymen if those
accusing Mayor Clark of connection with
the poolroom.3 did not supply the clergy
men with proof of the truth of tho
charges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Refuse to Act as Judges Be r
tween Clark and His
Enemies.
Sacramento's Executive
Has Their . Complete
Confidence.
CLERGY STAND
BY THE MAYOR
From Among Many of Sacramento s Charming Daughters
Miss Edith Tufts Is Chosen by Popular Vote to Reign
as Queen of the Street Fair's Merry-Making Throngs
Continued From Page Thirteen.
WESTERN TOUR OF THE PRESIDENT
SAN DIEGO. April 27.— Preliminary
work Is In progTegs at Picacho on what is
expected to be one of the most extensive
mining developments in the United States.
Senators Morgan of Alabama and Jones
of Ne\-ada, and ex-Senators Pettijjrew
and Dorsey are the persons interested and
they are preparing to put up a mining
plant that will be double the capacity of
the Golden Cross plant at Hedges, which
has 140 stamps In operation. ; The Golden'
Crosa is claimed to be the most extensive
Jow grade mining plant in the United
States, and If the new mill is to be twice
as large it is easy to realize its extent
and importance.
"The Senators own a mountain of ore
at Picacho." said County School Superin
tendent Baldwin, who has just returned
from that district "It is similar to that
lound at Hedges, where the supply is al
most inexhaustible, but it is of a low
grade and the only way it can be worked
profitably Is in large quantities, such as
the projectors contemplate. It would be a
waste of money to put up a small stamp
mill for the ore Is not rich enough to make
such a venture profitable, but it can be
mad. to pay wc-11 in a mill that will crush
many tons a day. A large force of men
are now at work sinking the main shaft
In the mountain.
"Picacho is 26 miles north of Tuman, on
the eastern border of this county, and
the plant will be located on the western
bank of the Colorado River, bo that a sup
ply of water will be easy to obtain. At
the Hedges camp lt is necessary to pump
water from the river for a. distance of
eigrhteen miles to the mines. This draw
back will be overcome by the Senators,
'ihelr mountain of gold ore is located
about five miles back from the river and
men are now setting stakes for a railroad
to be built from this place to the mill.
Stakes are aJso being: set for a railroad
from the mill to the Southern Pacific road,
twenty-six miles distant. It would mean a
l>!g task to haul in the machinery and
supplies by wagon and a railroad is con
sidered the cheaper way.
"I am satisfied that these people mean
business. Senator Jones and Senator Dor
sey were at Ficacho last week and gave
directions for the work,"
Senators Morgan and Jones
Two Promoters of the
Enterprise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Statesmen Project Big
Mining Venture at
Picacho.
OWN MOUNTAIN
OF GOLDEN ORE
BEAUTY WILL WIELD THE SCEPTER
I DURING THE CAPITAL CITY CARNIVAL
Xf You Have Rh.enmatlsm
Bend no money, but wrlteDr.Shoop.Racln8.Wls.,
box CT.for «lx battles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatio
Cure,«xp.paid. If cured pay$3.50. If not.lt la frw*
8ANTA ANA. April 27.— Four more
horses have been stolen from the Mc-
Cumber ranch, in the northern portion of
this county, making a total of eight stolen
from this ranch within three days and
eleven in the valley during the past week.
An organized band of thieves la operating
and the horses are being driven into the
mountains and hidden. The citizens of
Caplstrano. where several horses were re
cenUy stolen, have raised a purse of $1500
for information leading to the arrest and
conviction of the thieves. • - :.
The improvements commenced last sea
son on the Bear River channel, near Nic
olaus, are creating quite a commotion
among the property owners on Bear and
Feather rivers. Two delegations were be
fore the board. One, representing the
farmers from the banks of the Feathe
below Nicolaus, protested against open
ing the channel of Bear River unless
wing dams were put in at Nelsons Bend
on Feather River to deepen that stream
so the debris from the Bear River bot
tom would not choke It and flood the
country below Nicolaus. The Bear River
faction Insisted that. the Feather River
people were "knockers" and were op
posed to anything that would benefit Bear
River Valley.
« T - J; Mulv aney, who led the Feather
Hlverites. asked the board why the Gov-
HOBSETHIEiVES BUSY
' IN" OBAJffQE OOTJNTY
SACRAMENTO, April 27.- At the meet-
Ing of the auditing board to the Commis
sioner of Public "Works to-day word was
received from "Will S. Green of Colusa
that a right of way for an overflow weir'
across the river from that place had been
procured, the purchase price being $1000.
Supervisor "White of Butter County urg
ed the necessity of a cut-off at Snaggy
Bend in Feather River, but was informed
that the funds on hand would not admit
of the Improvement
BEAR RIVER CHANNEL IMPROVEMENTS
CAUSE CLASH OF FARMER FACTIONS
eminent and the State had gone to work
to impound debris In, the Tuba and turn
It loose In Bear River. He got no answer,
and then asked T.hat they were going to
do with the $800,000 they proposed to put
Into the Yuba impounding dams
"Spend it." replied Dr. Durst, leader of
the Bear Rlverites.
The board took the matter under advise
ment until such time as the engineers can
examine and report.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901
14
Muggins— He married his cook, I be-
lieve. Buggins— Yes; you see she wanted
to leave. 'j3g(£jBJ#Bs
/ he Spring JVledicine
& Hood's Sarsaparilla:
In thousands and thousands of homes— In
cities, towns and villages — three doses a- day of
this great medicine are now being:.: taken by
every member of the family.
In some homes, even the visitor "is given '
a teaspoonful with every meal.
Why such wide and general use ? Because
Hood's Sarsaparilla t as proved \
* — — _ itself by its
wonderful effects in cleansing the system of all
humors, overcoming that tired feeling, creating
appetite, clearing the . complexion, / giving
strength and animation, the best of all Spring
medicines, so that it is par excellence the.
Spring Medicine. :':;
"Hood's Sarsaparilla is a grand blood purifier and
Tnlce it h ,_ ealth r estorer - My husband and I take it through
<UR »-he epnng months and find it just what it is represented
to be. Mrs. D. M. Chandler, Burnham, Maine.
Accent no -substitute for Hood's Sarsaparilla,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PERUNA ALWAYS WINS.
Some Remarkable Cures of Catarrh of
the Stomach and Neuralgia.
I • yl Hou^
Hon. E. A. Frost, manager of the "Wind- / j^»^.^!S^yai»e»l>ig^ fc
eor-Clifton House, corner of Monroe / J^^^^^SS s& a^fsSS"
street and Wabash avenue, Chicago, 111., /^J^l'P^lw ! •» 3 Sw*!
says in a recent letter to The Peruna / ffli; !| ; , . < JStH
Medicine Co. of Columbus, O.. the fol- i| *$j£|^ , \ $ * %tffc|
lowing words in praise of their catarrh f . [I» % : fffsf 'r i? ' iM
The Peruna Medicine Company, I j^^^^ll 1 : *w'?^T
Gentlemen — Before taking Peruna || [§§5***
/ had suffered for twenty years from ?Wmiljm ' .ioii « ¦ ii™jjjujj|pilbl_ i
malaria to lie txtontihail hai < W*m&SZZZ^^
chronic neuralgia . of the stomach, fiLJ§zM£ Ctoic&go.ni. A
and could not sit out in the night air i&AA*' ~~~^~ **~^
without suffering the next day. I had
tried many so-called remedies' but 1 * *f £ ~ u ™* psr ? a^ 211 *
J strikes at the foundation of all chronic
With Only partial and temporary re- diseases by increasing the nutritlv* func-
iu* I* A~« Aa«n /•»/• »./,.. n'nna I Uon of the digestive organs.
hef. It has been two years since I Tha caM bf " nenralBlai nar rated by Hon.
used Peruna but I am satisfied that E. A. Frost as above Is a splendid lll-us-
my cure is complete and permanent" tratlon * Surprlae<L
— Edwin A. Frost n. B. Bunker. Newman. CaL. write*:
"I was sick for nine years with one of
NOTHING in the world produces more the worat caaes ot catar rh of th© stomach
disastrous aenemla of the nerve cen- posslble . A11 that tlmo T d ld not have a
- • ters than neuralgia. Any one who natU ral taste In my mouth. Could not
has ever had neuralgia will find himself eat barely kept llfa ta me by nibbling—
constantly liable to nervous troubles. cou i,j eat nothing of any substanc©. only
This is especially true If he has been sub- soft f oo< j s> fend uttie of that I srot as
Ject to taking much quinine. j ow ag 103 pounds. The first causa was
¦PM-rmiL Increases Nutrition *: la eriPPe-* By accident I used Peruna:
Penina incTeaaes JJumuon. lt last February . t have now b«en
Neuralgia Is always an expression of we n 8 ] X cr M ven months— entirely welL
nerve weakness. Some nerve center has Am heavier than for thirty years. Doc-
been deprived of nutrition, and neuralgia tora ax© surprised, as are all my friends.
Is the signal of distress which this nerve t have advertised Peruna extensively In
center, la able to make. Thus lt Is that many parts of the- State; personally,
neuralgia depends on a want of nutrition many are helped. I am very thankful."—
of the nerve centers. ¦ n. B. Bunker.
Peruna Increases the nutritive value of
the food and does lt by correcting the di- "Never Felt Better."
srestive organs. After the digestive or- Mrs. T. E. BYech writes from TSxcell.
gans have been once put in goqd working Tenn., as follows:
order by Peruna then the food is able "Having been afflicted wlU/ catarrh and
properly to nourish the body. stomsucli trouble for seven years, I tried
; This is how.lt happens that Peruna f «tr«Jg|t^oog». rjltagd
cures many cases of old neuralgia which t belnr cured, having been reduced to
i have resisted all other forms of treat- 130 pounds. I was so weak I could scarce-
ment. Peruna is not a specific for neural- ly get but of the room. I was Induced to
gla, but lt Is a specific for catarrhal affee- try Peruna. and to my great surprise I
tion of the digestive organs. There is no « «£« gf, T&VSt^iSer tamy
remedy in the world that is so sure to-put life. I shall always praise Dr. Hartman
the digestive organs in good working or- and his remedies."— Mrs. T. Freeh,
der as Peruna. • ' " ~ ' If you do not derive prompt and satls-
_ _ i .. .-.. _ • 7 *™* 11 " 3 fr^» tfi » U8d o* Peruna
. > Peruna Strikes the Souros. write at once to Dr. S. B. Hartman. Co-
All diseases. Including neuralgia, that
depend on a want of proper nutrition are you hla valuable advice gratis.
. y^ vL^^ m. JTnjpi?"^^iTir > i# firs ¦ $9 ©*»*/*rc
Jf u v^
Furnished % u
Complete \
Fine Solid Oak Parlor Table
$1.S5. We will estimate the
cost of asingrle article in furni-
ture, carpets, curtains and dra-
peries, or everything required to
furnish homes, flats, roominsr-
houses and botel3. Credit jariven
and goods delivered free 'within
ioo miles of San Francisco. We
dose at 6 o'clock. j
i. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
838-342 POST STREET,
r -'. Union Sguxrt.DEMANDS THE DOuumENTS
BEFORE THE CEREMONY
Will miss the great RUMMAGE sale.
Every good housekeeper can use four or
five yards of carpet at 14c. especially If
she knows it cost originally 50c Bits of
matting at 7c, oilcloth at 19c Art Carpet
Shop, 226-228 Powell street. •
President McKinley
Clyde Moore and Charles Botts, aged 15
and 17 years respectively, were arrested at
their homes here to-day on the charge of
murdering C. L. Wiltberger, a farmer, at
Winfield, ten days ago. Wiltberger wa3
shot and instantly killed while driving
along a country road. The evidence
against the boys is circumstantial;
•
Art Is Displayed at Venice.
VENICE. April 27.— The International
Art Exposition was opened to-day by the
Duke of Abruzzl, who arrived ln a. state
barge propelled by. gorgeously costumed
gondoliers. Among the exhibitors are
John S. Sargent and Troubetzky.
BOYS A-R.T. ACCUSED
OF KILLING A FARMER
Murder Is the Charge Placed Against
Young Men of a City in
Kansas.
ARKANSAS CITY.. Kans., April 27.-
for Nomination.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The Inflation
of David B. Hill's boom for the Democrat
ic nomination for the Presidency In 1904
has begun. It has already been announced
that the former Senator will make a tour
of the Southern States this fall and plans
are now being perfected for carrying his
campaign for nomination into the West
ern States next year. The arrangements
are being made with the knowledge and
apparently with the approval of Hill, al
though they ostensibly originate w th the
Democracy of the State. of Washington.
The plan is shown In a letter received by
every Democratic and Populist United
States Senator and Governor from the
Western States and every member of the
Democratic National Committee in the
same region. The signer. George Hazzard,
of Tacoma, ts secretary of the State Com
mittee. Senator Turner, of Washington,
is treasurer of the same organization.
Annlversary of River Disaster.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn..- April 27.— The
thirty-sixth- anniversary of the destruc
tion of the Government transport Sultana
on the Mississippi River near Memphis,
by which 1800 lives were lost, was cele
brated here to-day.' About 100 of the
300 surviving men who escaped death at
the time were present. About 600 others
participated. Several States were repre
sented. . ¦ r
Fire Destroys Machine Shops.
LOWELL, Mass., April 27.— Fire de
stroyed the machine shops of Silver &
Gay, together with the' works of the Low
ell Model Company and the North Chelmo
ford Supply Company, at North Chelms
ford to-day. The loss is J100JD00.
HILL'S BOOMING. BEGINS
FOR THE PRESIDENCY
Former New York Governor's Friends
Start Early on the Campaign
PEKING, April 27.— The effort of Rock
hlll, the special American Commissioner,
to induce the Ministers to reduce the
amount of Indemnity to be demanded
from China have failed. The Ministers
are perfectly willing the United States
shall forego compensation, but as for
their Governments they will require exact
compensation for all losses.
Germans Fight Chinese.
LONDON, April 27.— A Reuter dispatch
from Peking Bays the headquarters staff
nas received a telegram from a British
officer accompanying the expedition to
the effect that on April 23 the Germans
crossed into Shansl through the Kouk
nau and Chanchengllu passes ln pursuit
of the retreating Chinese, whom they fol
lowed eighteen miles, fighting a sharp ac
tion. The French trooDS remained ln oc
cupation of the passes. The Germans
returned April 25 and the French handed
over the passes to them and returned to
their previous outposts. The Germans
are said to have had four men killed and
five officers and eighty • men wounded.
The Chinese lr>«s is not known.
r 'I have but little Information regard
ing the famine," the Chinese Minister
said to-day. "I know it is extensive and
that millions of people are involved, and
to save them from starvation and death
it is absolutely necessary that Immediate
relief measures be taken. The Imperial
Government has done all that it could,
but foreign aid is necessary, and it will
be gratefully accepted."
WASHINGTON. April 27.-Wu Ting
Fang, the Chinese Minister, is earnestly
hopeful that the American people will
promptly answer LI Hung Chang's appeal
for funds to relieve the distress prevail
ing in China. A letter describing the dis
tressing conditions existing in the prov
ince of Shensi, ¦where the court has es
tablished its residence, was recently re
ceived by the Minister, and .he and the
attaches of the legation, as well as Chi
nese subjects in the United States, con
tributed as large sums as their meana
would permit, which was expended in aid
of their unfortunate countrymen. Th9
Imperial Chinese Government recently di
rected the expenditure of a large sum
for the benefit of the starving, but its- re
sources are less than they were before the
Boxer outbreak, and it is unable to give
the measure of relief necessary for the
saving of thousands of lives.
Famins Sufferers Need Aid.
General ChafTee. the American com
mander, has assented to the decapitation
of nine armed robbers seized some weeks
ago charged with assaulting one of the
members of the Tsung Li Yamen, who
was beheaded last summer. This changa
of view on the part of the American com
mander is regarded favorably here, as it
is believed these ruffians deserve the se
verest punishment.
POWERS REFUSE TO REDUCE AMOUNT
OF INDEMNITY DEMANDED FROM CHINA
NEW TORK. April 27.— Clarence H.
Mackay was thrown from his horse and
injured while playing polo at Lakewood
this afternoon. With his collarbone
broken and suffering great pain he came
by train to this city to obtain treatment
by a surgeon. After the fractured bone
was set he returned about midnight to
his country home at Roslyn, L. I.
Mackay was guiding his mount across
the field in a practice came. The horse
slipped and fell forward, throwing the
polo player out of the saddle. Like an
acrobat Mackay rose out of the stirrups
and cleared his horse's head. The weight
of his body was thrown on one shoulder
as he struck the ground. Dr. Charles
Thorndyke Parker set the broken collar
bone.
After the operation Mackay rode in an
automobile to Long Island City ferry at
midnight and took a late train to Roslyn.
m -
Killed by a Policeman.
TOPEKA. Kan., April 27.-WhJle resist
ing arrest George Head was struck on the
head by Policeman Hall. The blow fract-
Collarbone of the Young Man Is
Broken, but Injury Is Not
Serious. .
CLARENCE MACK AY HURT
( WHILE PLAYING POLO
Major Oscar F. Long, U. S. A., super
intendent of army transports, is one of
the most capable officers ln the service.
His promotion to the grade of brigadier
general of volunteers does not affect his
rank as major in the regular army, but
It is a fitting recognition Oi. the excellent
work performed in his department since
the declaration of the Spanish war. The
CHICAGO. April 27.— The grain elevator
owned by John J. Badenough, at Rock
well and West Madison streets, was de
stroyed by fire to-night. Loss on build
ing and contents, $200,000.
Grain Elevator Is Destroyed.
The men operated extensively in the
Cherokee ' country. They were surrounded
in the Osage country by a posse made up
of members of the antl-Horsethief Asso
ciation and Pool, who led the pursuing
party, was killed ln a fight that ensued.
Sentence will be passed next week.
the Penalty on the
Gallows.
PAWNEE, O.T., April 27.— James Brum
met and George Barkley, horsethleves,
were to-day found guilty of the murder
last July of J. I. Pool and the Jury recom
mended hanging.
Two Hen of Oklahoma Are to Pay
ured his skull causing death six hours
later. Head had been drinking and was
disturbing a iellglons> meeting on the
street. When Officer Hall attempted to
arrest him Head showed fight and in try
ing to subdue him Officer Hall struck him
on the head with his billy.
HANG HORSETHIEVES,
THE JURY RECOMMENDS
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The
President has appointed Col
olnel Merritt Barber of the
adjutant general's depart
ment and Major Oscar F.
Long of the quartermaster's department
brigadier generals of volunteers on ac
count of their long and faithful services
during the campaign in the Philippines.
Major Long has had charge of the trans
port service at San Francisco and Colonel
Barber rendered important service at the
headquarters of General MacArthur at
Manila.
As second lieutenant and A. D. C. to
the colonel commanding the Fifth Infan
try ln the Indian campaign of 1877, Gen
eral Long won a medal of honor for most
distinguished gallantry ln action against
Indians at Bear Paw Mountain. Having
been directed to order a troop of cavalry
to advance and having found both officers
killed, he voluntarily assumed command
and under a heavy fire from the enemy
advanced the troop to its proper position.
Some weeks since he was mustered out
as lieutenant colonel of volunteers, and
several newspapers obtained the incorrect
impression that he had been obliged to
resume the rank which he held at the
beginning of hostilities. His promotion
now to the rank of brigadier general is
conclusive proof that his services are ap
preciated by. the President and War De
partment.
as regimental adjutant from March, 1887,
to October, 18S9.
He was . promoted captain quarter
master May, 1892; major quartermas
ter volunteers May, 1898; lieutenant col
onel quartermaster volunteers August,
1898. He was subseauently advanced to
the grade of major. United States army.
MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG, U. S. A.. SUPERINTENDENT OF ARMY
TRANSPORTS OF SAN FRANCISCO. WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED A
BRIGADIER GENERAL OF VOLUNTEERS.
Interactional Hatch by Cable Shows
Some Very Interesting Playing 1 .
KEW YORK, April 27.— The third inter
nal iona.1 chess match by cable ended to
day In a draw. By 6 o'clock this evening
Jour gajnes had been finished, of which
*-2'ch side had scored two. The Ameri
cans then offered a draw on the two re
xnaininp boards, ar.d hardly had the mes-
Kage been transmitted when a similar of
fer wsje received on this side. If the Eng
lishmen had submitted the game to ad
judication they would have probably been
awarded the second game and thereby
tli*» match.
The play to-day was very eventful and
contrary to all expectations. The Ameri
cans met the first reverse on board No.
5. where Hunt cf Princeton with his thir
ty-flrst move sealed on Friday had also
s-ealcd his fate. His thirty-sixth move
hastened the catastrophe, but even other
moves could not have saved his game.
The defeat of Perry had been conceded.
Yet by dint of stouteEt resistance he de
ferred the disaster and not until the flfty
tixth move did he acknowledge that he
was beaten. The two unfinished games
•were: Falk of Columbia against Wiles
of Cambridge, and Keeler of Columbia
against Wright of Cambridge.
Fall: had a very good position, which
looked like a eafe draw, but by a care
loss use of pawns he compromised his
pame and had to sacrifice a pawn in or
der to prevent the hostile king from
breaking into his camp. Keeler had a
very good game throughout the day. but
his attack came to a Ftandstlll and the
position had been greatly simplified.
CEESS ENDS IN A DRAW.
the Police Force to Prevent More
Depredations.
COLON, Colombia, April 27.— Bands cf
robbers have for the past fortnicht been
raiding stations along the railroad line
during the night time and have also been
looting shops, wounding several persons
during: their depredations. Chinese have
been the principal sufferers. The Govern
ment has Increased the force at the rail
road stations and is doing its utmost 10
suppress the robberies.
EOSBEES ARE RAIDING
STATIONS IN COLOMBIA
G-ovc-rnment Is Comnelled to Increase
Fears Axe Entertained That Miners
; May Die Before Friends Can
Reach Them.
SPRINGFIELD. Mo.. April 27.— The five
men who were buried yesterday under 110
feet of dirt in the Rosebud mine at Au
ror» were able to converse with their res
cuers to-day. The men are still buried
under twenty-five feet of dirt. They are
very thirsty and cannot survive much
longer.
George Bhane is pinioned between heavy
timbers and it is feared that more Uirt
¦will cave in when the timbers are re
moved. George Feaster is pinioned under
a bowlder and his shoulder is crushed.
The work of rescue is proceeding very
slowly row. because of the great danger
of the dirt caving in on the workmen.
IJUPRISONXD MEN TAT. IT
WITH THELU RESCTJEH3
General Young's address on "Our New
Possessions" attracted much interest by
reason of the prominent part he has taken
throughout the fighting in the Philippines,
where he was In command of the cavalry.
He said that before the war with Spain
and the British-Boer war in South Africa
predictions were made by many writers
that the day of cavalry was over. They
said that the infantry, with long-range
rifles and rapid and deadly fire action,
made the use of cavalry suicidal. Actual
practice in the Philippines proved that in
stead of cavalry having had its day it
was efficient as one of the most formid
able) branches of warfare.
Senator Fairbanks closed the Bpeech
maklng and replied to the toast "The Re
publican Party."
GALENA. 111.. April 27.— The seventy
ninth anniversary of the birth of General
Grant was celebrated here to-day. The
occasion was the tenth of a series and in
every respect was successful. The speaker
of the day, the Rev. Dr. Frank W. Gun
saulus, and a party of distinguished
guests arrived from Chicago at 1:18 o'clock
and were escorted to Turner Hall. Dr.
Gunsaulus' address was warmly received
by an immense audience. The city was
decorated in honor of the event, which
was participated in by leading citizens of
towns and villages within a radius of one
hundred miles. Letters of regret were
read from Mrs. General Grant, Mrs. Sar
torls, Admiral Dewey, Senator Depew,
Senator Allison and other prominent
Americans. William Rippin, president of
the Grant Birthday Association, delivered
the address of welcome.
DES MOINES, April 27.-Unlted States
Senator Beverldge of Indiana delivered
the principal addresa at the annual meet
ing to-night of the Grant Club, the lead
ing social and political club of the State,
his subject being "The American Situa
tion; We Will Fight It Out on This LJne."
Senator Dolllver responded to the toast,
"Ulysses S. ' Orant." ' .
Address by General Young.
PITTSBURG, April 27.— The fourth an
nual dinner of the American Republican
Club, commemorating the birth of Gen
eral U. S. Grant, wad held to-night at the
Hotel Schenley. The most elaborate ar
rangements for the banquet had been
made by the club ar.d the '500 diners In
cluded many of the most prominent polit
ical lights. . • ¦ .
At the plate of every guest was placed
a souvenir programme and menu, which
explained in its own way the significance
of the occasion. The souvenir is arranged
in the form of the old army canteen and
on its cover is engraved a likeness of
Grant, the Inner pages being devoted to
the menu, programme, club history, etc.
Attorney General Philander C. Knox was
toastmaster. The toasts Included the fol
lowing: _ •
Representative Joseph C. Sigley,
"Grant": Representative Charles H. Gros
venor. "Politics of the Grant Period";
General S. B. M. Young. "Our New Pos
sessions"; Senator Charles W. Fairbanks,
"The Republican Party."
Dear General Dodge: The kind invitation of
the Grant Monument Association, through
yourself, was duly received and I regret very
much to find that my duties here, prior to leav
ing for the Paelflo Coast the latter part of
this month, will prevent me from attending the
Grant birthday banquet on the 27th inst. It
would have been a great pleasure for me to be
able to Join with you and the members of your
as'ociation in honoring the memory of Gen
eral Grant, and I wish to assure you that I
appreciate the courtesy of the Invitation.
Please convey my moat cordial greetings to
those assembled at the banquet and believe
me very sincerely yours,
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Regrets From the President.
The President's letter of regret was as
follows:
All the slandem you have teeen against me
originated away from -where , I was. The only
foundation waa from the fact that I wai or
dered to remain at Fort Henry and send the
expedition .under Major General Smith. This
was ordered because General Halleck received
no report from mo for near two weeks after
the fall of Fort Donelson. The same occurred
with me. I received nothing from him. The
consequence was I apparently totally disre
garded his orders. The fact was he was order
ing me every day to report the condition of
my command. I was not receiving the orders,
but knowing my duties and reporting dally,
and when anything occurred to make It neces
sary two or three times a day. When I was
ordered to remain behind it was the cause of
much astonishment among the troops of my
command and also disappointment. I never
allowed a word of contradiction to go out from
my headquarters. You need not fear but what
I will come out triumphantly. I am milling
no wires, as political generals do, to alvance
myself. I have no future ambition. My 'object
is to carry on my part of this war successfully,
and I am perfectly willing that others may
make all the glory they can out of it.
ULYS.
General Dodge presided. He read a let
ter of regret from President McKlnley
and another from Mrs. Julia D. Grant, the
latter expressing regret that her health
would not permit her to be present. All
the guests sang the national songs. The
menu card contained copies of a letter
written in the excitement of a battle, on
the field, by General Grant to his wife.
The souvenirs were pyramids of Imitation
cannon balls surmounted by a cross of
gun swabs, oh which were tiny flags. The
letters in the menu booklet were copies
of letters loaned by Mrs. Grant and never
before published. In a letter dated at
Savannah, Ga., March 29, 1862. General
Grant wrote:
The guests of honor were Ulysses S.
Grant Jr., Major General Joseph Wheeler,
Major General O. O. Howard, Clark How
eil of Atlanta, Major General John R.
Brooke, Major General Grenville M.
Dodge. Congressmen C. B. Landis of In
diana, Rear Admiral A. H. Barker, Wil
liam E. Chandler, Cornelius N. Bliss, Gen
eral Stewart I* Woodford and Evan P.
Howell.
NEW YORK, Apr : l 27.— The anniversary
of the birth of General U. S. Grant wa3
cele'orate<yby a banquet given by the trus
tees of tfte Grant Monument Association
to-night' at the Waldorf-Astoria. The
banquet hall was handsomely decorated.
Many women sat in the galleries. -
Prominent Men in Several
Cities Meet to Render
Tribute;.
Anniversary of Famous
General's Birth Cele
brated.
VETERANS LAUD
NAME OF GRANT
This mornlnr. after another night of
training." in which Congressman James
J. Butler, who owns the Standard The
ater her*, participated, the champion
made a remark to which the Congressman
took exception. Without waiting for the
call of time Butler tried a right swine
with a beer glass, landing behind the ear.
and the champion went down as suddenly
as he hud bt-lure Jones' fist the morning
before.
Simply to test the matter Frank Jones
shot out a fat fist and Jeffries went down
like a lor.
"You hit nj« when I wasn't looking;
that was uoi fair." remarked Jeffries
eaaly.
EfceclaJ IMspatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. April 27.-Champion
James J. Jeffries had a one-round set-to
at 4 o'clock this morning with Congress
man James W, Butier of St. Louis and
was knocked <!o\vn. At 3 o'clock yester
day morning, while Jeffries was busily
••training" at the Jones bar with a dozen
admirers looking on and going through
similar exercises, the champion struck an
attitude and declared: "When my mats
are up like thi« no man can hit me."
Congressman Throws a Beer
Mug and Wins in One
Round
Champion Has a Lively
Encounter in Kansas
City.
HURTLING GLASS
DROPS JEFFRIES
THE SAN /FBAIST CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
MAJOR LONG IS APPOINTED
VOLUNTEER BRIGADIER GENERAL
President Fittingly Recognizes the Faithful
Service of the Superintendent of the
Army .Transports at Port of San Francisco
promotion does not increase the responsi
bilities of his office, but it gives him the
right to the title of general.
General Oscar F. Lone was born in New
York and appointed to the army from that
State. He was named second lieutenant.
Fifth United States Infantry, June 15,
1S7C. He was promoted to the rank of
first lieutena«t October 21, 1SS1, and served
LONDON, April 27.— When Harry Dav
enport, the well known American actor,
and Phylls Rankln presented themselves
to a Registrar and asked to be married
J.he official began asking formal ques
tions touching upon the biography of the
bride and groom In America. A hitch
was discovered which put a stop to fur
ther proceeding with the marriage cere
mony. Both the bride and groom elect
tried their persuasive powers upon the-
Registrar to convince him that every
thing was right, but he was obdurate.
Documentary evidence was what he re
quired. As this could only be obtained
In America the disconsolate pair were
perforce obliged to return to their hotels.
Cable messages for the needful papers
were at once dispatched to New York,
and on receipt of the much wanted pa
pers the knot will be tied.
Phylls Rankln, well known In San Fran
cisco, where she once resided. Is thn
daughter of McKee Rankln. She eloped
with her father's property man when sho
was 16, and was divorced from him two
years ago.
English Registrar Declines to Marry
Miss Fhylis Eankin and Actor
Harry Davenport.
15
What Women Say
About Swamp=Root
Thousands of Women Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It.
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy SWAMP-ROOT Will Do for YOU,
Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle FREE.
! (dli^^^^v :^^L^^ Womenas Wel1 as Men Are Made
l|||«?| IFjp J '$$%^b l r$* A M^I0~ {^.^^i||ff j ary and bladder troubles were to be traced
fas ?W- J%%*k 1 » / ''ffivai&ffl'i^** ;$<&$&£&¦ y' \ t sj/ •'§IISy ¦ I r to the kldne y s - but now modern sclenca
$%/$$& i r- -. hM$ L ••¦''•'W-A *1«^ «^ttl^y -.^ I 'P roves that nearl y a11 diseases have their
X^^^^^L^^^s/^^^X'^^h^^oi^^A^!^^^SJ^^M^^/ The kIdneys fllter and vvirlty the blood—
\N^M\N^^^ that ls thelr workt So when your kldneya
>^J // y^' Tg&x$£^^^slJ}y are weak or out of order you can under *
s *Q5?TWjrt i ZEf§>'"^ C jiSs^— "^^^Si stand how quickly your entire body ls mi-
0^5^*^ "*"^ fected and how every organ seems to fail
TO READERS OF THE CALL,: t0 do lts duty *
"About eighteen months ago I had a very severe snell of sickness. I was ex- If y° u aro Blck or "f««l badly." begin
tremely sick for three weeks, and when I finally was able to leave my bed I was taking the famous new discovery. Dr. Kll-
left with excruciating pains ln my back. My water at times looked very like cof- _.,.- 5 __. ¦»««* >>•<•««•• >« ¦»/>« •«
fee. I could pass but little at a time, and then only after suffering great pain. My mer^ Swamp-Root, because as soon as
physical condition was such that I had no strength and was all run down. The your kidneys are well they will help all
doctors said my kidneys were not affected, and while I the other orsaM to health, A trial will
Did Not Know I Had Kidney Trouble, convince any one.
I somehow felt certain that my kidneys were the cause of my trouble. My Bister. „ - , ..
Mrs. C. E. Littlefleld of Lynn, advised me to plve Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a Many women Suffer UntO'a miSBr/
trial. I procureda bottle, and Inside of three days commenced to get relief. I fol- *«-„„.- 4k a „„*„-<, «/ vAn/- //,*. a/ .. A
lowed up that bottle with another, and at the completion of this one found I was because the nature Ot their disease
completely cured. My strength returned and to-day I am as well as ever. My busi- /j not correctly understood; in most
ness is that of canvasser. I am on my feet a great deal of the time and have to ., t j 1 l r il a
use much energy ln getting around. My cure is therefore all the more remarkable Cases they are 100 XO oeilfiVB XhaX
and ls exceedingly gratifying to me." WQmb froub/e or f ema l e weakness of
117 High Rock street. Lynn, Mass. * / ftjM.~J&^ / K' ffi&i&tf some sort is responsible for their
... — ZT~. ZT~Z ... ... many ills, when in fact disordered
Swamo-Root So Pleasant to Take. Made a New Woman of Me. a.v-1,,. „„« */, a «A,w _*„.. n f /A«/-
"You have no idea how well I feel. lam "During three years I was frequently Sidneys are the Chief cause Of their
satisfied that I do not need any more attacked with severe spells of sickness, distressing troubles.
marina as I am in as eood health as I Manv °* these tick spells kept me ln bed.
medicine, as I am in as gooa neaitn as 1 dangreroualy m from tnree wee ks to three Neuralgia, nervousness, headache, puffy
ever was In myUfe. So says Mrs Mary months, under the constant care of the or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
Engrelhard- of 2835 Madison street. St. best physicians of Kansas City. The doc- t .. m . d rfl «r*in* nain or dull ache in tha
Louis. Mo., to a reporter of the St. Louis tors never told me I had anything the i. lsm ; a i^ / £ v.?L - ",'fl ™
Globe-Democrat. . . matter of my kidneys, but I did not know Dack . weakness or bearing down sensa-
"For more than ten years I suffered for sure. tlon, profuse or scanty supply of urine,
with what the doctors termed female "Some doctors pronounced my case gall with strong odor, frequent desire to pass
trouble, also heart trouble, with swelling stones, and said I could not live without it night or day. with scalding or burning
of the feet and limbs. Last summer I felt a surgical operation, to which I would -^-ation— th^e are all • nnmistakahla
so badly that T thought I had not long to never consent. A friend suggested I try sensation— tnese are an unmisianaDie
live. I consulted doctor after doctor and x>r. Kilmer's Swamp-Root I began to s'*™ 8 °f Waney ana bladder trouble,
took their medicines, but felt no better. A take Swamp-Root regularly, and when I If there ts any doubt in your mind as to
friend recommended me to try Dr. Kll- had used only three 50-cent bottles I felt your condition, take from your urine on
mer's Swamp-Root, and I must say I de- fine and was able to do more work than rising about four ouncea, place it ln a
rived immense benefit almost from the 1 had done ln four years. It has made a Sa-s or bottle and let It stand twentv-
flrst week I continued the medicine tak- new WO man of me. I have had only one f" "^'Jr If ?«n .-J „,„;««„ u ,1 Inw
ing it regularly, and I am now in splendid slight attack since I began to take four hours. If on examination It ls milky
health. The pains and achea have all Swamp-Root, and that was caused by be- or cloudy, lf there is a brickdust settling,
gone. I have recommended Swamp-Root j ngr drenched with rain and catching cold, or lf small particles float about ln it. your
to all my friends, and told them what it stomach trouble had bothered me for kidneys are ln need of immediate atten-
has done for me. I will gladly answer any years and had become chronic. I am now t !nn
Wh ? rn e do r r e fe ard Swfm7 ft^dtf tSTyES »o. T&STRS Ot " her OmS ¦*"** that y0U *"*
Root from every standpoint. There ls this testimonial for the benefit of those Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizziness,
such a pleasant taste to Swamp-Root, and w ho have suffered as I have." irregular heart, breathlessness. sallow,
it goes right to the weak spots and drives unhealthy complexion, plenty of ambition
them out of the system. : fifa fa : $> & «J0U~<* hut no strength.
/fo^ y %t**~^&>*0*^&e<**£ r proprietress of Criswell House. 2U West Swa , m £ R °, Ot if pl !"*?*, *° take and ] 9
*r < /^^ Fifth street, Kansas City, Mo. U8ed ln the leading hospitals, recommend-
! : * ed by physicians In their private practice
Q amn u HnftlA r»f Cw^mn.Pnnr C 0n t EVaa and ls taken by doctors themselves, be-
oampie uotiie ot oent rree. cause they reC ognize m it the greatest
If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney, liver or bladder trouble, or if and most successful remedy that science
there ls a trace of it In your family history, .send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., naa ever been able to compound
Binghamton. N. Y.. who will gladly send youW mall, immediately, without cost to lf LvL *" „, " £, »„,:!),,:„«* ?»,„?
you? a sample bottle of the wonderful remedy. Swamp-Root, and a book contain- " you , a ™ already convinced that
ing many of the thousands upon thousands or testimonial letters received from Swamp-Root Is what you need, you can
men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing be sure to say that you read purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 bottles
this generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call. at the drugstores everywhere.
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
JtSSlVGS you rnon^'v* \
¦ W' You can make money easiest by saving it andvl
uji you save it faster by trading here. This list of special itt
'fir prices, all this week— —until Saturday nisrht &lay 4.th : \n\
u Lyon's Tooth Powder 15c Cokt's Dandruff Cure 65c '\\
jJu Regular selling price 25c — Regular price $1 our." ill
T our usual price 20c. . usual price 85c ¦ IB
g. Ow! Bird Seed 3 Ox for! 15c Men'i MaH Whiskey 65c IS
fc W H C £iK CefOrthlSSOOd Quart bottle of the best I
E uJar&S 25c whtskey-usual price 85c. |
\H* Regular selling price 50c— Henner . Mart Extrart 15c H
va our cut-rate price 30c. u wu "S 5 German Ut
%\ 100 two-craiR Quinine PIJs 20c K^ (Munich)— regular 'Rl
V*h Our usual price 30c P nc « 2 5<>- special price this lUK
V&\ One cake Cutkora Soap and one week— by the dozen Si. 75. fffl]
M cak* Churchill's Skin Soap 25c Roblfoam (25c size) aad one tube W
\\Vtiikr't Viola Ammonia 20c Lesley's Den *j Cream 25c ml
W^s Makes the bath sweet and Regular selling price of .$!//
Y,& refreshing-regular price 25c these articles 35c flP/f
VVt Open all the time— Ni^Ht mud Day. fj/tf
¦ ¦ ¦ km ¦ t^W m *&i ¦ ¦ ¦ UE3 ¦ V any bank in San Francisco, to be w
paid after he is entirely well. If it ¦
QUXKLY and PERMANENTLY. S~?£»3£ I
¦ mi^mmmmmm^^^^^^^m^mm^^^ backed by ability to make such an H
- . - . . offer# No ot her doctors will under- H
1 take a cure on these conditions. tj
DR. MEYERS & CO. 4
have become famous by A FEW DANGEROUS I
curing the following m^^F^&^Sffi SVHPTmf<s 3
ailments: }0SSy W MflU'lUJIft. A
IwiSSai?? Us DESPONDENCY, LOSS OF H
in<sTMANHnnn w^S&W t/ flesh, palpitation of the |j
L.UOI mHmnuuu, Wp&£** F HEART, PAIN IN THE BACK, t|
PREMATURE DECAY* WM&& t^r«sa nervousness, sleepless- II
rnuimiuiiu uuvm» W^s&f <£^2§§^i'> > Ji?^^' ness, loss of vitality, an- *|
IIMMATIIDAI I flQQP<5 Ml£\i7lC 4**J~-^i&? B^^/ NOYING DREAMS, AVERSION TO fj
UNIMAIUnAL LUooLoi 1R 3>W *&F*?s2i xS?P7 society, lack of ambition. £1
iimptiiio nDIIUO >L\ * MX '** t ~««r3? E- 1 '! DROWSINESS AFTER MEALS. |l
WASTING UKAIiMot >\^m "••"^ v I dizziness, bad breath. sunk- 5J
»\ 'fiMj . - V \ EN EYES, PALENESS. ETC. W
WFRVflll^ DERILITYi •«&* *2#. J^.1 \ I Nature does not give these warn- Eg
NtnVUUOUCDILIMf A&£g£: 1 ings without a purpose. Harken and 0
DDIVATC niCCT flQCQ wm t seek the proper medical assistance. JL
PRIVATt UlbtAbtb* and you may be rescued, but delay |f
„.,._.,.- niin-rnnr usually means disaster, a wrecked fj
STR CTURE» RUPTURE* • \M$M*£&m& l fi&^ constitution, chagrin, mortification, \\
yi • V^S^hS^^^'^*!^ social, mental and financial ruin, de- U
BLOOD POISON* > throned reason or an untimely death. M
DL.UUU ruioum jTL w^^^^&m)yj^^ Thousands of men are to-day phy- ||
llADinnnrri C TIIMnDO* £¦ X. i **W«5ra$wSf-%3r s!cal wrecks, -who would be strong fcf
VARICOCELtj TUMUhOf S§M \7 and wel1 if they had been treated *4
ALSO DISEASES OF '"^^^^J^er^^^%7^^* S W^JIEYERS *& CO. conduct the 0
A *tV \ = / // largest and best equipped medical H
TUP KIFIMFY Rl ATinFR. Institution and have the most ex- g
, inL MLmulf DLHUUtni • tensive practice in the world. They a
rvnmr- i iwro urADT . avoid the use of all mineral, poison- &f
SP NE, LIVER* HEART. II pL rtFn . n f n . •P nnftII U n |! An ous ° r dangerous drugs and electric H
_, ___ _„,., Nfl l.nflrfffi tnr l.nnSIIITRTinn. belts - A11 thelr remedies are care- |1
BLOOD, SKINV "" UllUltU IUI OUIIOUlUUIUIIl fully compounded from the extracts 53
uk.wvw> vixiin o Qt bud3> hari^ berries, gums, roots, 3
CAD AMfi I IIMfiQ leaves, plants, etc. in their private A
LAn ANU LUIMUO. * » • • •. • ¦ ¦ • t t laboratory, without cost to their pa- a
. - • ; ; : - '- uents. U
OR M E Y E R S &, CO Rome Cnres-Free Book. I
J-^l 1m If 1JL- i 1 i— rl \<J KJSJ V^V^ma Although It is preferable to see the §|
' • ; ; . ' . _ ¦ patients ln many Instances. It Is not H
A Staff of Skilled specialists, Established 20 Years, I
;¦> other particulars. Correspondence fl
jaar M k *.<-»i -*- < * Hours- 8 to 5 daily, 'solicited. All letters confidential. Xo £j
+E ¦"' IWirlrAT ViraaT ¦ FI RVATnR printing on envelopes or packages to H
/ 11 llid KCl JIICwL zfc5.D»TS5 Sondays-etoH. indicate name of sender. Cures sent &
M v-r 1 iiiu-B*" 1 wwwwij fcNTRANCB. by either mail or express, free from n
r: SAit FRANCISCO. Evenlnfts— T to 8. observation. yPARIS, April 27. — Count Cornulier,
after two days' trial for the murder of his
wife, November 17, by shooting her three
times as she was leaving the house. of a
lawyer, M. Leroux. an admirer of the
Countess before her marriage, was ac
quitted to-day amid the applause of those
ln court. The Count made a speech. .In
which he thanked the jurors ln the name
of his three children.
Tho Countess Cornullrr was a woman
of unusual beauty and 31 years of a«r«.
She was a daughter of Count Vlanney
and" married Count Charles Cornulter,
who ia 43 years of acre, fourteen years ago.
Tho eldest of their three children U 13
years of ace. The marriage proved un
happy and on the advice of her father
tho Countess separated from her husband
four years aro. Last year she was fftven
a decree by which she obtained possession
of her chtldren. • The Count dlacoverfd
that the Countess frequently visited M.
Loroux, who Is satd to nave actnd us tho
legal aaviaer of the Countess. The Count,
November 17, soereted himself on the
stairway of M; Lteroux's home nfter hnv-
Ing ascertained that his wlfo had entered
the house, and when she descended tho
stairs without a word he tired at her three
times with a revolver, each shot taking
ottoot. She died In an ambulance without
regaining consciousness. The Count sur
rendered himself to the police, sayhic:
"I did It. I am her husband."
He was the first to give aid to his wife
after she fell and asked that a priest be
Bent for.
How He Intercepted and Killed
the Beautiful Wife Who
Had Left Him.
Count Applauded in Court
After Being Found
Not Guilty.
CORNULIER IS
ACQUITTED ON
MURDER CHARGE
D«nmark'i Probable- IMntgtWi
COl'KNllAGlSN, AWH 8?,=H IB |H»neFftW
ly vtndpp«if)e»i in iwllilenl and . dlplflimtlte
elfelw thai wuph the Behested Minteiry
fettfps, aft H Is expelled to dd at Hit eiut
nr Jvitm, \Utl Itinnippu, i\\% iHTPrnl Min-
Iptpf 6f Uir> Iniorl.ir, will b« appointed
Danish Minister at Washington. lterf
Dramsen wns rntmrriy manager or an
Insurance company.
Bequest of d'Oyley Carte.
LONDON, April 27.— The vrlll of D'Oyley
Carte, the theatrical manager, who died
April 8, wbb eworn to-day In £240,810. ¦ 114
bequeathed $1000 to llo&lna Urandram.
meter* from Alaier". The?* were, na ?»*•
UftUlea,
WHITES AND NATIVES SLAIN IN REVOLT
OF ARABS AGAINST FOREST MONOPOLY
A band of natives to-day attacked and
fired on a poodB train en route from
AffrovUle to Algiers at a point 106 kilo-
Later Rdvtcps from Murguerlt© report
that Hxtcpn rt>bpllloun nntlvrp wcr* killed
durlnir thp tupprppslon of the disturb*
anceB thpre.
ai.(iii ¦ i;rt. aj.iii ??.*¦ ¦ App«.i,tin«- ta an
<*>lt>arara fp«m Mmniionio, uviiep
lm» bepu r*M©iH»rt ihw*. B*v*n wittt*
ilvUUni ftud Uir^» niUvfn wt^re KUted
mui «t>V(>rH) et>hdiiHn*>* \\f» v »» wounded.
•J'h* trouble H^ppttri* t« rmv* b*>*n lftrs*>ly
ih«» rtuiwmp <tf inonopt4t»l« buytnir up lh«>
fnrpftd, flPprlvihf lh* nnllvrp »>f \\\<t\f
UnuaJ mrniiP of rnmlliK a livelihood by
'"niiins riimvoal miii e^llinar wood for
rupi.
NEGOTIATIONS
FOR RENEWAL
OF DREIBUND
Plans for Modifications
Will Be Considered
by the Nations.
Emperor William Having a Hard
Time With His Pet Canal
Scheme.. ;•*
•tour of the country before returning to
Rome. For hia services ho -will receive
a feo of $1000 from the new Cardinal, and
has all his expenses paid. The ablegate s
fen la $2000.
Cardinal aibbona on the day after the
coromony will leave Baltimore with Rpv.
William A. Fletcher, hia secretary, for
his contemplated trip abroad, He will
eall from this city on the Trave on Sat
urday, May 11, going to Nuplea and thence
to Homo. He expects to be away until
the end of Ausruat and will visit Cardinal
VauRhn In London before he returns,
While in thla city he will stay with hia
old friend, John D, Kelly uf Claremont
avenue, HrooKlyn,
News has been received and confirmed
from Warsaw that Count Tolstoi is to be
banished from Russia and take up- his res
idence in Paris. .
The correspondent interviewed a high
official, who said nothing was known here
officially in regard to. the alleged combi
nation of the United States, France ana
Russia to compel Germany to reduce her
Chinese claims. .... ".V
"The whole story Is absurd, ho said.
"If the claims must ba scaled, Russia
should be the first to- begin, since sh»
makes the largeBt claim. Germany can
verify the correctness of hers, mark by
mark." ' _, ,
Discussing the sources. of China's .bor
rowings, the official referred to said:
"The United States authorities have
been Informed that many rich private
Chinese are ready to lend money to the
Government. It Is also expected that
American and French investors would do
bo and, perhaps, English and German
money. There can be no question of one
nation taking advantage through lending
money to China." .
Andrew D. White, the United States
Embassador, and Mrs. White returned to
Berlin from Italy last night. . ,
Tolstoi Will Be Banished.
The canal bill is still dragging in the
Diet. One of the Conservative leaders,
Baron von Sedllt. is opposed to the bill.
The Conservative -Herald Is opposed to it.
The Centrists this week proposed to the
Government a compromise measure,
which the Emperor rejected. The Mid
land |canal Is entirely omitted. The Gov
ernment declared it was Impossible to ac
cept it. The committee now freely con
fesses the design not to dispose of the
bill before its members know precisely
how the new tariff bill promotes Agrarian
interests. The Hamburger Nachrichten
says the original Government proposal fix
ing the maximal and minimal duties has
been abandoned. In the Diet a new Agra
rian measure was introduced directing -the
Prussian Government to form an internal
colonization board in every province,
composed of two-thirds Agrarians, and
one-third officials, for the purchase of
large bankrupt estates and to sell them
again in small lots. At the beginning
each board .gets 12,000,000 marks for capi
tal, but this amount can be increased.
Dr. Miquel, Minister of Finance, said such
a plan was not acceptable to the Govern
ment. "
Canal Bill Still Drags.
Although the Emperor and Count von
Bulow strongly favor the German East
Africa Railroad, there seems little chance
that the bill will pass; certainly not in its
present shape.
The Dowager Empress Frederick haa
sent the Countess von Perponcher to
Qrelshotm to express sympathy with the
families of iho victims of the explosions
thorn nnd distribute gifts. The health of
tho Downger Empress just now la fairly
good.
Tho Vosslsche Staltung, commenting on
the Socialist May 1 proclamation, points
out that revolutionary appeals are miss
ing from tt iiml claims that the former
revolutionist* have become coworkers for
the benefit of the state.
BERLIN, April 27.— Negotiations for the
renewal and modifications of the Drei
bund, which expires In May, 1903, will be
conducted during the first half of 1901 and
the whole of 1902.
The Emperor enjoyed his . trip to Bonn
Immensely. He visited and conversed
pleasantly with all his old Bonn acquaint
ances of his student days and distribut
ed many trifling" sifts and mementoes
among them. . > «. ' ¦
The Emperor used his stay In Bonn to
Inform himself thoroughly regarding the
Dusaeldorf exposition of 1902, for the
Kheinisch mining, Iron and engineering In
dustries were Insufficiently shown at tho
Paris exposition because of lack of space.
Emperor William is going woodcock
shooting at Wartburg and the Empress
will go in a few days to tho Chateau
liolieviUo, where the younger of her chil
dren are staying. Later she Intends to go
with the children to Baden.
Winers Killed,
EiffUteen
MONP, llelglum, April Jfl.^Jthteen
miners were k»u«rt and seven Injured by
«n exploaton of' flre c\^mp \fr&*Y in tn»
Or»nci HMlson por\ mm «t MQrmuH elsnt
mllea from \m iMftpei '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
ROME, April St-Tlie PatrlA Btaiea
that Cardinal HamnoUa has resigned th©
offlco of Papal Secretary of State and
that he will be succeeded by Cardinal
Ferrat.^, prefect of the Congregation of
Indulgences and Sacred Relics. '
NKW YOttK, April 27.— Count Stn.niln.us
Colacicchi, "Corriere de Gabinetto," or
member of the Pope'B noble guard, who
is bringing the red blrctta to Cardinal
Martinelli, is a passenger on the Ameri
can line steamship New York. He will
deliver his commission at the delegate's
residence in Washington. Itev. Dr. Fred
eric Z. Rooker, secretary of tho delegate,
will be his escort from .this city.
Comes "With the Bed Cap.
Members of the noble guard are chosen
from among the stalwart members of the
old Roman nobility and are nearly all
six-footers. The Count is a member of
the ancient family of Conti, which claims
to have given no less than eight Popes to
the church. With the red cap he also
carries the formal notification of Mgr.
Martinelirs elevation to the Sacred Col
lege. This, will be read to him by Rev.
Dr. Marchetti, auditor of the "Washing
ton delegation, who has been named
ablegate for the occasion by the Pope.
The notification ceremony is very sim
ple, and Mgr. Martinelli will merely give
formal acknowledgment. -
Oil May 8, however, the solemn cere
mony of the imposition of the biretta will
take place with special pomp in the
cathedral at Baltimore; Cardinal Gibbons
presiding. The new Cardinal will sing
the pontifical mass of the day, and Arch
bishop Ryan of Philadelphia will preach
the sermon.
N oble Guard a Striking Figure.
Every member of the hierarchy who' can
possibly do so will be present. During
this mass the "Corriere. de Gabinetti,"
dressed in scarlet uniform coat, trimmed
with' gold: white buckskin breeches, jack
boots and spurs and helmet, with long
horse hair plume and gold sabertache,
will be the most picturesque figure in the
sanctuary, guarding his trust until if is
placed on the head of the new Cardinal.
After the ceremony. he will r^-ke a short
May Bo Succeeded as
Secretary of State
by Ferrata.
RAMPOLLA HAS
RESIGNED FROM
POPE'S CABINET
Riot at Plague Inspection.
LAHORE, Punjab, April 27.— A Berlous
riot haa occurred near Sialkote, due to
plague.. Inspection of ¦women. The mob
overpowered the police and it became nec
essary to. summon a force of cavalry from
Sialkote. The soldiers restored order with
difficulty.
16
BAIL WAY TRAVEL.
, Just a little better s
. . lhan anV other train
—a little better service— *
0 more homelike
feeling on the
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere,
and It runs like this
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO %,[
9 an Mon Tuos Wtd Thur Frl Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
ON THE
AJ)VT?RTI8ISW38NT».
1 A GREAT SALE OF BLACK MOHAIR GRENADINES. |
$1.25 and $1.00 Grenadines 59c Yard. f§
ay— . . ~<si
Annfh»r verr fortunate avnfl onportun© purchase of fine Black Mohair Grenadines from a New York importer at mtm
1«bb thSS half Tn^r r^jWlue eSablw us to place on sale the GRANDEST BARGAINS that have ever been offered In ~»
* = w! rtt^ ThesT fine Grenadines that are now so much ln demand, come ln graceful openwork, airy, stripes ln varioua
| isffiiSvWoSt!^^ =
I BLACK DRESS GOODS SPECIALS. COLORED DRESS GOODS SPECIALS. |
fc: ne ., i « ¦ t 10. V n ~A We have selected from our large stock of Colored Dress Goods
& 75C BllCi CllfiYlOt 48C ISLTQ. two grand lines especially priced to Insure a great business for.
£5 . For Monday and Tuesday we offer M piece. 43-lnoh All-wool n^n^ J^o-Si. ** m'.ji, mw Rft — « •
Zl Black Cheviot. already Bpomred and shrunk; an extra A&Q $5.95 a Slllt «OriQ $7-50. ZSS
5= rood duality; worth 76c a yard. Sale prim Yard T^W V Um (sumn3er^ e ight) of Imported All-wool Vene-
»— »i »b pi g( tV rhotrinT Mp VaH - * * lan . which has that silky Panne finish, extra fine quality, ln _^
S= Jl.fiO DlaCI tUC¥10l OOC IdfU. latest Spring colorings of Reseda. Old Rose, Navy. Cadet. Brown, — •
and shrunk; real value $1 25. Sale price.. .Yard OOV, jj^ Q^qj,^ J^Q^y. SlClliaUS 60C Ifltl =3
•J— Qi Rrt RlafV VpTlPlian QSr, Yard Th e latest Kastern fad. Fine quality Colored Mohair Slcll-
JgZ Jpl.JU DiOlL ICUCUdU OOli IOIU. , anB so mucn ln demand for wa |sts and skirts; in the new =3
fc SO Dleces fine Quality BO-lnch All-wool Venetian, a fine. rich. shades of Old Rose. Turquoise. Reseda Navy. Red. Cadet.
iwtroui TblackTaS exceUent wearing material; regular QO. Brown. Castor, Cream and Black; fully 38 Inches wide gQ c
g— |i 60 quality. Bpeclal at Yard COW Extra special at " re wvv tS»
1 A SENSATIONAL SALE OF FINE SILK FOULARDS. |
H 85c and 75c 24-Inch Silk Foulards at 48c Yard. 2
S= After ftHlnt; an of hl» Bprin* orders, a New York manufacturer sold to us over 2600 yards 24-lnch fine All-BUk Foulards =3?
' t= at about ©n»-half their actual value. W» wer« very rlad to ret them, too, for they are this season's lateet styles and colorings. _-•
! ZZ In this .Uraat ltac ar. the favorite and scarce Black and White and Navy and White Jaoquard weaves ln printed O c S^
! Zl icroUs. Cju^ete. Thiy ar. all worth Ko and TSo a yard. On sala her. Monday and Tuesday (If quantity lasts) at.. ..Yard "'?O^ 3
|| . . 75c BLACK TAFFETA 67c YARD. $1.25 CREPE DE CHINE 85c IMD. |
' <~ For Monday and Tuesday w« offer ao pieces extra cre^'^e^TneT^and'somA r^Md*Vstn>usfthrmo*T popular
al L^ v^v Jd^vTortn 3 -^* Oaf^.^SfS R7p fe^tS 1 " aSSSlfi %Sfc g
•£: black; every yard worth /SC On »ale here at -if I. nal ' N iier i*v»n«or and Black; regular u 85 quality. os r S3
S= Yard vi v B r*cftu at YwiOOw j=3
1 4B-CEHT 1 ~ISS^ *L** ~tt£®, [ ™ E1 ; ? IB N B0N ; 1
gj 29c Yard. « 1 " §
1 OCR SPECIAL MUSLIN UNDERWEAR SALE. 1
**— The eecond week of our sale of UndermuslinB will open to-morrow with assortments still Intact. Good material!, Z^£
~- conscientious sewing, careful finishing and extraordinarily low prices have commanded a larger patronage than we an- _**
g— tidpated. A few extra specials: -«•
£ CORSET COYERS.85C, 50c, 25c, 19c Each. LADIES' GOWNS $1.50, $1.25, 89c Each. LADIES 1 SKIRTS— EXTRA 3
y^- Mad* of fine cambric French style.. Several different style*. Empire, V, high CDflPTBT --S
•«— trimmed with Valenciennes Lace, embrold- and low neck: elaborately trimmed with ; . Ul LVllAll. — «•
J^; ery and hemstitched ruffle. embroidery and lace; also hemstitched ef- 25 doren mAifi ot Bta ndard quality mus- — «•
flnrirtpn nit. rn« n^A on. Pa«k fecta. • Hn, embroidery trimmed flounce, with ex- ;^
fc CHEMISE 75c, 50c ana Z9c Eacn. — tr a dust mrne. special at qc c
Made of rood quality. cambric, embrold- - lnTT ci nD« WPDC BHa Rl\n Kto 90/> Pair Each V^V ~-m
S^= try and lace trimmed: finished with full LADlbS DKAWLKO OOC, OUC, 4UC, ZUC faiT. f - oua jitv cambric =5 »
SZ d0U o b . le v =H?tv .tTi^f Fine quality muslin, with wide ruffle, double hemstitched flounce; a very wide =35
ereat lariety of styles. trimmed with embroidery and lace and fiklrt. Special at .^..... C|.33 3
RARE OFFERINGS IN LACES AND EH- ci^ters of tucka. ...^.... Each va-
E For Bonday and Tuesday. ANOTHER BIG SALE IN A GREAT SAYING SALE IN 3
39c Yard, Cch 3^ 8 Xf» tn^ e r p EcV"n WASH GOODS HOSE AND UNDERWEAR.
| 75C - STtfSa.-'ggi'S^ X wholesaler turned them WM 33JC E^ 3
?T_ at la ™ when he-saw the suocess of last weeks Wnrth f\C\n cheted yoke all sizes; reeu- ZZS
WOrth $1.00. "VSS* .'"worth^lX BpecTal «a»^ nm^c Riff Pflfh ?5 dozen Ladles' Combination -J
£ forM onda l .an^ullday W ?^^ HALF PRICE. e^ E^Uan
iS'iS""^^^^.*^^ 10CYar<1 ' 3l»8SS 0 *- size. re^laV 8^ 9^
g worth 20c S[?Hn e fimlF c a Worth20c - saffJT&ssiffl.? ffi^^^^SSslp
-p; to-morrow at etrlpes; every yard worth 20e. |f) C HUIUI iWU feet extm flnft flnis h ; real ZZ2
•»*¦ cnrnir eiTD nr DDTT nnPTTPQ Here to-morrow at yard >vv value BOc. Her. to-morrow at OQU -. — TB
SPECIAL SALE OF BELT BUCKLES. ,00 iieee. an. im»ortea Em ••••• •" p / lr . 3 3
•^ A .Dedal purchase of choice new styles 10C IttlU, broldered Swisses, ln magnlfl- 4Qi> Bo|f 100 down Children a Four-
•— ln Oold. Silver and Rose Gold Belt Buck- Wnrfh SSt" cent scroll designs, in beautl- A?" * a "l . thread Heavyweight Hoee. lxl «^
lea will be hold at one-half their actual •»<">¦" "^ ful coloring of old rose, new Worth 2SC. rib t double knees, heels, soles
S^= value. blue, lavender, pink, light blue and gray; »""" uo and toes: warranted fast black;
fc ZK* each-«) dor. Buckle. worth B0o every yard worth Soc. Here to- |O C •£¦•«£ 9^1 best 25o qualltj. |Q C ._-<.
: BOo w^ch-00 dor. Buckle* worth $1 00 morrow at YardlVJV Bpeclal at..., ™ r 1UV .^
I A SALE OF IMIKLASS SILK DRESS SKIRTS. 1
SZ To-morrow we offer 59 hlKh-class Imported Silk I>ress Skirts, which weio Imported for our opening pieces. They
SZZ have served their jrorpos© with us and now we. are willing to make the sacrifice. We offer them to you aa rresn aa — •
fc they were on the day they arrived and at prices less than the cost to land. rg
*- EXTRA SPECIAL. SWELL SILK AND COTTON WAISTS. =3
¦El *.«^ mn j cor cm, rk «> «n~* - ftiT Kft Bltn FTandsco 1 . premier Waist fathering o f derant style*, 33
827- 5O and $25 Silk Dress Skirts ei7.RO. 1^ value « ever offered. 31
ZZ The best and Btrontreat showtne In this city. Not a ()UR SPECIAL $5.00 SILK WAISTS.
C^ few but many to select from, made of guaranteed Taffeta are B howir«; several styles of new Peau de Sole and "2
S= and Peau de Sole, with net and chiffon ruffles, latest full mmstltched Silk Waists In all the n«w colorings, sueh as Re- — »
£ flare sty.es. also skeleton drop effects: re.ru- S | 7 . 8t > 'U'oVt^W 3
lar values mo and $25. On sale hero at <J>» *— Nc>y Cotton ond Gpn88 LJncn Waists. g
'^ ST.50 Ladles' All-Wool Dress Skirts $4.03. 1 Hundreds of beautiful styles In handrome Cotton Waists, In •*•
A special shipment of Ladle.* S*ven-«rore Skirt-, fle- VoT *f&Tr£ll 3
•— elded dip cut. circular flounce, trimmed with allk or and best aasortment at absolutely lowest prices. -^
£ satin bands on flounce, made- of all-wool Cheviot In Black $1.00 Each, WOTlh 51.60. *i" t d 2"w °™A* "a-WVo": 3
j^ and Oxford Gray; regular value |7 60, Special CJ^,05 oordeon plaited flounco; reuular prto. |1 Hi>ecUl gjl<»<>
PimiiwaiuaiiiiinmiuiuiuiiijiiiummiumiUiUiuimuiiuuiUiiuuiiniuuiiiiuiiwujiiail
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALIFORHU HORTHWESTERH RY..CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon. Ferry, Foot of Market St.
Sam FrunaUeo *• Bab R«f»eL
WKKK nAYS-7:30, 1:00, 11:00 a. m.; U:U,
S:SO, 5:10. «:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:80 p. nv. rluturduyn— Kxtra trip, at 1:50
and 11:80 p. ni.
SUNnAYS-S:00, »;30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, »:S0,
5:iH>, i:'M p. m. •
Ism H««««l «• •*« Fraaolie*.
WHHK DAY&-6ilO, 7:«0, »:W. 11:10 a. m.i 1J:«.
1)40. 5:lS p. m. aaturUam-Wxtra trip, at 1:55
BUNnAYft-^iioT'nw, UUo »i m,j »uo, l;^
lietweeii h>in And Bchuet*eu Park
itm« aoheflul. aa ft>iov«,
I,e»v» " I I" ?F e ?Vil o A , rrtv- ,
Pan yrftnoUoo, [AprU 8*, W>V| fl»n VwnoUoo, <
*f iao'»m""«iO« »m Noy*«i, "" l»oua »m "luaam
iildyim iiOft pro Paw* Www>, fiMftm tiWwn
", -i 1 ' I PwUftnT I L ..
1 I lM 9m M«M»i»hurf i tQiM »m
>!?•> »m| fri<») pm H^Vl^fi'V l*2<^ *'« *P1 * trt
|iWJMj>[ HlB^ltMtl i>h»l l?>Li^)b_l_Ii*L*?i w *iWP>H
!l80 Hill! r~ IfltU *iw 10 iW w«
"tlBOam i :W am I BbHnma 9:tB nm «:4J «m
Sil&nm 6i00 pm' QUtt Ellen. ' <iO6 »m <:tO fm
'tlBO am) 8100 ami , llOMO nm|10!Z5 wn
>:»0pw| 6:00 tamf BgbaBtopol. | T:38 pm| 6:80 pm
etaups connect ttt Pantn. tlosn for Murk West
SprlnffB and White Sulphur Bprlngs; at Fulton
for Altruriat at Lytton for Lytton Bprtnfs: at
OeyBervllle ror Bka«g« Bprlnirs; at Cloverdalo
for the OeyHers; at Hopland for Duncan
PrrlngB, Highland Bprlnra, Keldnyvlll*, Carls-
had Bprtnfrs, Boda Bar, L<akeport and Bartlett
Ppring-s; ftt Uklnh for Vichy Spring, Baratoga
Bprlngn, Blue Lakes, I>aurel Dell Lake, Wltt.r
Bprlnge, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*., Bucknells,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvtlle, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bras*. West-
port, Uea.1. Wllllts, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's SprlnCT, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip ticket, to all points
beyond . San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office— 65Q Market Bfreet, Clironlcl.
Building.
H. C. WH1TINO, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
Lu2- nuuiui
Wabash
Tourist Cars
Lv. Chicago.. 11 a. m., Mondays and Thursdays.
Arr. Boston.. .5:20 p. m., Tuesdays and Fridays.
Arr. New Tork..3:S0 p. m., Tuesdays & Fridays.
You can use Santa Fe, Rock Island, Burling-
ton or Union Pacific excursions to connect with
Wabash. Tourist cars. Inquire of your agent
for particulars, r ¦ . ¦• .
ROSS C. CMNE* P. C. P. Ajrt..
. . Loe Angeles, CaL
C. B. CRANE. O. P. Art.
,\-V- j St. Louis. Mo.
SOXJTHBRN PAOIFIO.
Trains !•»»• •»««• mrm tss •• «rrlT. *i
MAM miMCMClO.
I <1f sJn LfaM. Foot •( Mukst 8tn«i)
iiati — T%ott Arm XX MM. — abjjv
7i3«A BenfcU, BaUan, Khnlrs, VMafffi*,
Rumwjy »nd a«jr»mouto 7i33r
7>S»A D»»U. Woodland. KoJchts LMdtac.
M«i»»»lll«. Oro.UU 7lS>t»
7i»O» All»n»lo Itiptss. Old— sad bit l»i*5r
¦>O»A M»riln»*,«»oH«mon, V*ll«Jo, 5«p^
Omhsto(s>.B<t8Mi». Ross,....,.... tiSSr
*!«•? LtT«nior% Btockton. Hiuford. VW-
IU. |-oo«n»Ul- 4lSSv
¦ iOOa KUm. L*tixoj>. Mwrosd. rxauu, U*-
ktrsflsld 1 ..... M ... 7 ,.^.... «iO8#V
¦ittA 6h«u EiprfM-D»tls, WmUnu (for f
B»rti.u BprtapX WiUows. R«i
Bluff. Poxu.ul 7>09r
Sia.A Ban Jon, Utermcw*. Blooklon.
Ion*. »««i»meui4», riaoanlU*.
M»r»«»ni», chi«o, u».i niuit «i«ar
• iSOa Oftkdtl*. CUnM. (YoMmlt.), 8o-
aor». < itt«n 4iS3r
¦ •>••* Bijiudi, Niln »nd W»» BUUoas. 11103a
*iit«i Lui Au(«lc* KipTMS— MkrUitM,
Tt*o». L»iUrni>. Muiakkta. U>ras<i
Timuo tad Lot Ainlw TiBSa
•lid* V.n.j.1. MmIIdm »u.t VI %t HUUods o iaa r
lOitOA Th. OtwUuil I Jmln.l-Og Jju, Dm.
f«r. Oumhfc Chlc»4j «iH3»
f It«.r s.oc.mr.it.. i:l*«> (jmntn t .ii«« t.
a.a.» ll.y~.ta.. NIIm »u4 V*m HUllons. 7iA3»
•iB.r fort Coda. Martin*. L.ihn.p. M*r»
e«l : Ueroi .t« (Yossmli.), Fresno., litay
tioor Bmlclt, Wlaisn, Hs.«rs,iu«nlOk
Woo.ll.Ma. KuUhU Uaaiui.
U>n««liU. Oiu.lll. I: 16)1984
IttSiMtiMuM. M.« lUmaii, V.II.Ij.
N«l>«, O»ll«n»»», H.ui* Hen...,,, Mi«.f *,
4««»r NU»«, I.i»»rmiu». Htookton. I.ovtl... !<».>.*»
«id»r IUjaaiiU Ml** fi4n.ii.su, I H> ruor» |<i.%J4
li«»» Tk«Owl UmlUii-Tftei. bluokton,
Vit.ua. tUkBt«d»KI. H»ugii« lut
llHilluMuih, Nil.. »uU H.« Ju.j. ,,.,, ?ift»»
|»i««r V.li.ju !•••».««
»ti»ur (tflsia.l lu(V-0|t|.o. CU«i*uu*.
••••¦O»U«».r >UU-t\|iU«, ti.«»M,
IU«.U», CKIu..,* 4l«l»
li*.» <)(•««« »<>.» l'.lU>>«>.(» M«|»***.H««n
IHiuaulit. M*it*«itl«, tU.l.lln*.
»..-« *v«, at»Mu«., ,„„„„.,„,„ lltAAs
JIl'V * *f| l 'l'ium.- ' ¦ •¦ 'ul' " "V j •• j ¦ " i " *^*f
QOAH 7 t' MM 13 |N»f»tw w«m»).
n>tttM*»(}»*«»j > t«»LU«M*«Htito»r
Aliinl"), rtltltkV Jl.tul|«r (>•«(»,
P»»|U Uk»S «n.t rtlnM»«l W«* _^\»^
EuMlmiutuiiumttmMilu tl*)lR*4\
«»ii»f rr***.rk, n.a j*..,^no« I p'J;^*
CHECK ROUTE FERRY.
rnalll rim«ttt9— r«l «t UtU\ JIcmKHHjD —
tttU t;OO It oo.m. 103 l.aa 813» •«.
rr.flOilUlD- r««t tf |t«Ww,t._ t«dO fOS I8:O«
: 10:80 ».M. »:Q3 »:C3 i:Q3f.M.
COAST LINK (Itrn. t «m«»).
(Thlr.1 nnd Towniwn.t BU.)
«il*4 Ho.i»h M*n Kr.nolmas P»lo Alto.... «»•*«?»>
4«tl8A Hmn Jom mill T»»j NUllnn Ii»u»
t7t««A Bnnds/ Excursion {or B.n Jcstv
P«nu (mi. lNriflo Orare tad
Frlucip.1 W%? Ht.tlon*. tSi30»
TiSO k OoHt Uut Umltod, Bma Jc««. Gllror. •
BitUiias, f**o Itoblc*. Ban Lois
OUtpo, Lompoo, But. fterbaza,
LosAofeles 10i33»
¦ tttOAHsj Jos«. Ties rinna. Rtiita Crm,
r«clilo (im»», t4Un»» 8»n Lois
Oblipo and Prindp^i interme<U«l*
- M»»M..n«. 4tl*V
I.iJIOa Baa Jc«e .nd Wty Station*. 7t»wv
: /1*>s3«a No* Al>n»rton. ;.. / SsSOy
I liaiu f »a Jots nml Wt) Mutlotu 3.:io/
ttt43rS.n M*t«o. Itadwood. Mania Park.
P»lo Alto. Han»»(Jl»r», gan Jews.
. . Tres Plnoa. Hauta Omm. Haiina*.
Monteraf and Paeffte Ototo...... tl** 43 *
¦iSOr Ban Joa. .nd Way Stations 6>3»A
flrlftr San Jose and Principal Way Stations «:*'»
fSiOOrSan Jos*). Los Qatoa tad Principal
WajStetlons i92O«4
SiJOr Ban Jong and Principal Way atatlona M:3WA
•:13r New Orlean* Express, Ban .lean,
Santo Barbua, Los Aocolea. X>m-
lor El Pmo,Nsw Orleans and East ":'•»
•ilSp Del Monte, llonterej. P»dflo GroT^
Lou-poo I •»*»•>
«t3Op B* i Josaan.l Way Stations f 1 *:""*
«Hli«ar San Jo*» and Way Station* 7s3»y
? for Morning. ] P for Aftarnoon.
t Sunday excepted. . t Sunday only.
<Ba-tBiday onlz> ¦/ Tnasda*. aad TriiKV
MOUNT TAMALPA15 RAILWAY
Via SawaUt. firry— foot of M »rSe: 3t.
%%$ Zl WEEK DATS < y*5;E
8.00 A. m.") ri2:15 P. M.
»*0a.M. 1:15 P.M.
1^0 P.M. . 5»0P.M. V
230 p. M.J 7:10 J.M. >
r*r» Saa ftwidie. to Sramtt aa.m«»nni, $1.40
Ticket Offices. 821 Market St.. & S.nsalHo Kerry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Perry.
Commencing April M, ijqi
WEEK DATS— «:55, 8:S0, »9:30. 11-00 a. ra
12:45. '1-.45, 3:15. 4:15, 5:15, •8:15, «:48 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday,
and Sundays at 9:»0 and ll;40 d. u ""**"
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00. "IOiOO, 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. •1:30, 2:30, -3:45, i:0O. 6:00. 7:30 pTm.
11:00 a. m. does not run to. San Rafael San-
days.
Trains marked (?) run to San Quentln
a -" m .-^rT 12:2 Li :15 ' 2:20 « * 3:85 « <:4*O,'5:36 p. m.'
EXTRA : TRIPS on . Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:15. »S:00. 9:45. »11:00 a. m.. »12
m.. 1:00. 2:15. ¦•3:30. 4:30, «5:45. 6:45. 7:80. 10.-10
Trains marked (•) start from San, Quentln.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY8-5:45, «:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:3a. 1:45. 2:45. 8:80. 6:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday.
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35, 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 12:13.
1:20, 2:30, 3:45. 5:00, 6:15, 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ata.-
tlons. . ... . ~" . _
3:15 p. rn. Saturdays— Cazadero and wax sta-
tions.. -
5:15 p. m. week days (Batordays exoepted)—
Tomales and way stations. ¦
8 a. m. Sunday n — Cazadero and way station*.
10:00 a. • m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
BtatlOTlS. • . . «'-•_.
Weekly Call $1 pep Tear
lady's, UTnI
Has been rudely defined by some cynic
as "slops and sweets." And after all
there's more truth than poetry in the
definition. Ice cream and cake may
satisfy the palate, but they are far from
satisfying to the stomach, which requires
that food be nutritious first and nice
afterward. By, careless eating women
pave the way for stomach "trouble,"
and its kindred miseries. . .
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery is confidently commended as a
cure for diseases of the stomach and
other organs of digestion and nutrition.
By curing diseases yrt}ich prevent the
assimilation of food it enables the body
to. be built up and strengthened, in the
only way known to nature — by food
digested, and assimilated. .
«I*or twelve long months I suffered untold
misery," writes Mrs. Mollie Colgate, of Ran-
dolph, Charlotte Co. r Va. "No tongue could ex- %
press the pain that I endured before I com-
menced taking Dr. Pierce's medicine. I was
not able to do anything at all. Could not eat
anything except bread and tea— or if I did the
top of my head hurt eo it seemed it -would kill
me; with all. that I could do it would burn like
fire. But now, since using your 'Golden Med-
ical Discovery ' and ' Favorite Prescription,' I
can eat a little of almost anything I want, and
can do a (rood day's work . as well as anybody
' can. Am better than I have been for years."
. Dr. Pierce's . Pleasant Pellets cure
tick headache.
ATjTEBTTh k in fi tTTS.
RAILWAY TBAVHL
_
yfH^^MI^s^ You Can Bo Cured of
JS$S$$' NERVOUS DEBILITY
and 'LOST MANHOOD
>^^^^^j^g^|Z_ § Full S DaysTroatment
3 ABSOLUTELY FREE
'd!JBn$& w^l^^w^ I By Sealed Mall.
0 D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME,
BISCOVKKEU OP -CILTUOS." ItU Ul Ul Ul Ui« I"- 1 WWII WWIlbltl!.!
For ml, th. err ha. C on, np from h.ndrjg. .nd Ton *^™™J$?S£ *$£«
or excesses, or of tho overwork tod worry that »p to prove the laith In iu mhu „-„„-«
th. physical vitality. . POWER OF CALTHOS" PROVED.
Th. medical profession of thU conntrr ¦ e « l ™«a tjj. flrlt d ay yo n tek. th. tremtment yon wd b.
powerless to cope with the .pp.llinsr and di"'*"™" bleated! Th. iecond day you will feel an lmp«r»..
dlsesjes and annoying weaknesses ot men resniuns Tht third da _ Joq will BoW M lncMa# » of'w
from TloUtlon of Xatura'i laws. stranrth Th. fourth day will show a gala both
PROF. LABORDE'S WONDERFUL DISCOVERY. mentally .nd physically. Th. fifth day you wlU
Pr^^li^.%To ! n n Suc»^^^
SJae^^^f^
th. Von Mohl Company, of tlnclnnat«, Ohio, n "JP TO ,« TWt *l*?. t ,J* !!?*! %^^InaS»
weo«nlilni the commercUl value of Prof. Laoorde's of SpUepsy, Con.nraptlon or Insanity, w. caaaet
diseoTery. secured the »ol. Amerle»n rights for projnls. eompl.u rteo»«ry.
"CAtVTHOS." and throufh It* ajrency thousands PROMPT AOTION IMPOSTAMT.
ot men who suffered from sexual dl»ea«e. and «n- . , m .. h#»lth four h*rrln«««. toot
fwbllne n^rTou. ra*U.lle. have bwn wtoroj to Ai .'- J.. ..« t d»i!^ r^t «¦!¦•? tSlNTiStStT
health and th. poww. ot pcrfwt owhood. ? h 7^ Moh?U»E£r ffihWndTot SsttSil
TH! VOM MOHl C0'8. REMARKABLE OFFER, nui. \T fli. from p«so». »^»«t»ii«j ih. tt^u
W. .r. bow authorized, by Th. Von Mohl Com- ment, .howtnf Its »»^*J 0 "JJKL 0^*iTl!Su!a! aad
P»ny. to announc that .very man who sends simply Th. Company does not P«J>»««» P M *
hti name and addnei will b. supplle.1 i»b.«iu«.-ly your <»"V»°, n t en Iti! i^^iLdan t>S2 uLtasni
t*— by sealed mall, with flte-day. full tr»»tru«nt Many who t*k. on ,^,^. # _ *^*' i tn * ****'***
of "OAl.Tilow." ThU ti no C. 0. D. or l^poell writ* that they «™ /« t 1 »7'J.?, x !™'. •>,«.,.. M wM
Bohtm^ and ther. In positively no condition at- Tot the eake of }"">' /•¦"£ * b £J^?VkI EJ
taehed to th. offer. Youneed not «ive humlllatlnrf a. f^irour own Wt «»«•»••«?;^JjlU «• Tb«L. Vo«
deUila r.|t%rdln« your troubl.. You need notsenJ Mohl Company for th.fre. treatment by mall, ta
OBO cent ot money-not .ven a po*ta«o sump. All plain eealed packag., at one*.
The Von Mohl Co., 701 B. &SX22^&&£& Clnclnnafl. 0.
The Dining Cars
are Unexcelled
On my recent eastern trip, I used the Burlington |
Route from Denver to Chicago and return, and !
it is with pleasure that I compliment you upon the i
efficient service you offer the traveling public I *
- consider your dining car service unexcelled, as J
compared with other lines. W. J. Andrews, [
Croker Building, San Francisco. !
TgBSSSSSSSa Throngh deepcri for Chlcig» t!» tha Burlbgton Rooto IeaTe Saa
fl^HPpWpPIJ Francisco daily. Tourist aleepen Tuesdays ind Thursday*. Infor-
vJ.iIIq It!! jjjj.m mation, tickets and berth* at — t
Ticket OfScc, 631 Market Street
llagroSsraliy W. D. Sanborn, General Agait San Frtad»co
\CHICACO I
/« LESS than
THREE DAYS
s7i?Frai>ci9eo At 10 A, M.
Chicago. Union Pacific
&r North-lVestern tin*
T"\OWBLE DrMrnmt-Ti 9 * 1 " Sft*p4ng
I J C*rs, D*tfrt, v wmA/«# atdtfavry
*S C*n, trit* bsrb*r. Di*mg Gw«—
mtMlt a.U •arif. t V*HfT*irist Car
Strvit* mod Pff$tm*U* CwHtmhd £*•
eur lions n#? w#* from Sm Fr*»*is*>
tt 6 p: m. Th*b*tl •/ ntrvthmg.
jt. it. niTCMtn
817 Market St. •w-roi a*** rm^tm (M
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily,
I4>oal Uro'rt (Wrl'4 lioo»f
D»Uy, \^\\t: (>*>Uy- VuXy,
toy iMfwHlun, W;« * \)\i\ • P p fill ft
J 4«M „ tt; »p JH {Mk mini
« Junf^* 1 *'»!" *H» *!* •«•••»
THl»r« u i\ t P :8 B •••* A mii«,,
«« »Mn»M (: « -M ft ill) A ,„„
• <»« eu? u,«..., i * iji « ,„„„
• fee mdfnlfitv t» fe» *fUfne«H
|!W »i h). {Hirrtji Ih* OnHtnt-nU Jf»lmM««V
Citrfrln* KUe» bimhI«* c»n *«.f btnlnli
Cari thhJUth la ChlOrt**. Ohulf 6«f Hj^i
to DtMrBOeid for neOotttMM.Inllon e( U «|
tirk#t« *f» honot»>l en this tf*ln. Corr**
tpotidlng trnin «rrlv»<» at 1:59 p. m. iUUr
4:W p. m. Is Btockton LwaI. C«rr<>gBond»
Iftjt train »rrlv*9 at 11:05 a. w, dally,
1:60 p. m. Is th« Ot*rl«nd KxprtMtn. with
through Pat«<;« •«<> Tourtut 8le«p«n and
fr*« necllntng Chair Car, »lw p a fij,
Ble«per, which cuts out at Fresno. Cotr«!
ipondln* train arrives at 5:55 p. tn. daitr
7:20 a. m. Is Baket-ineld Local, •topping
at all polnU In Ban Joaquln Vall«y (*orr.
¦pondtns train arrives at 1:40 a. ni. dill.*
Offlc«B— «41 Market street And hi rYr£
Depot Ban Francisco; 1113 Broadway^
pecause tH? name the quanry i
the trademark. stamped 1
decreed that ¦^ s^J5so
15 the world's standard. shoe for women *
& fyoworcti are ddewate to describe Me f Me* v^tg^
%\ofoi£r /ie& sAdctejj/icfjtopej //i tan. 6Osty/ej. /fW^^S\
| Sizes 1 to 9-WldUTs AArXIO EC >._ if fi^^TOi II
%Se*tf posts/ /brJ/v/AeOH/or. J^ftTkj&^^p \$1$^Ma II
?i Pacific Coisl Ajmcy RcYAi5«5f3 for mrft crVrmpn qt^S-^^ N^®r/ 5 ¦
sK^ij-k nniuru crnorc VV •IIIWI' ;,¦>"^"t vXSgrigy :
r ¦ "V !¦ Sn n, »> >UK " : <?£C<wasH0E sroaEfnoM MARMnsL^==^-^ F -fakTracing Emb2zzler*s Investments.
WALLACE. Idaho. April 27.—It is un
derstood that E. I. Carnby, the dead
cashier of the First National Bank of
Vancouver, Wash., had invested consid
erably in Coeur d'Alene mines durins the
last two years. He paid $2000 on a bond
on claims near Murray, the final pay
ment being due May 1. He also owned ten
claims in the same neighborhood and ia
said to have spent about $10,000 in devel
opment work. )
Ilisflt Carpets
All sewed— a yard wide— that for various
reasons have been thrown on our hands;
sizes 6x9, 9x12. 12x15. About 70 of them at
from 34c to 48c. Don't you think you
have some shabby carpet to throw away
for one of these pretty carpets? Art Car
set Shop, 22&-22S Powell street. *
Compromise on Sunday Closing.
BUFFALO. N. T., April 27.— The ques
tion of whether the gates of the - Pan-
American grounds are to be opened on
Sunday was finally settled to-day by the
board of directors. Their decision Is a
compromise. The gates are to be open
from.l p. m. until 11 p. m., but the Mid
way and all amusement features will, be
closed during the twenty-four hours from
Saturday night until Monday morning.
• -
Good Effects in Framing 1 .
The most channing effects in natural
wood moldings in the dull' Flemish and
polished finishes. Many new : things In
matboards recently added. Tiny blacks,
grays, greens, mahogany and gilt mold
ings, used for framing . small- pictures,
produce beautiful gems for wall decora
tions at very reasonable prices. Sanborn,
VaU &¦ Co.. 741 Market street •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ SACRAMENTO, April 27.— Immigration
Commissioner . Hart North and Special
Agent G. E. Channing have returned to
San Francisco after taking the deposi
tions here of Charles T. Hughes, a local
attorney, and B. N. .Bugbey, County Tax
Collector, with reference to accusations
filed against Inspector H. E. Trippett in
San' Francisco by Bugbey. The latter
claims that he had a Chinese friend here
named Louis Chone, now dead, who paid
Hughes in his presence the sum of $125
to effect the landing of -five Chines© in
Lawyer Hughes Replies
to Charges Against
the Inspector.
SAYS TRIPPETT
TOOK NO BRIBE
San Francisco. Bugbey says that Louis
Chong told him Trippett had sent him to
Hughes.
Hughes declares that Bugbey has made
a mistake. He says that Trispett had
nothing whatever to do with the transac
tion, and that when he told Busbey he>
had to divide with a partner In San Fran
cisco he meant his legal partner, O. B.
Slldger. Hughes says he asked for the
$125 as a $25 fee in each of five cases of
Chinese whose certificates would require
authentication; that he considered tha
sum fair comjiensation for himself and
partner In looking up the witnesses and
presenting the matter to the Commis
sioners.
Walter Reeves of Illinois, B. B. Dovener
of West Virginia, R. P. Bishop of Michi
gan, E. F. Acheson of Pennsylvania, Page
Morris of Minnesota, D. S. Alexander of
New York, T. ?H. Tongue of Oregon, G.
P. Lawrence of Massachusetts, J. H. Dav
idson of Wisconsin. T. C. ¦ Catchlngs of
Mississippi, R. E.. Lester of Georgia, J.
H. Bankhead of Alabama__P. D. McCul
loch of" Arkansas, A. S Berry of Ken
tucky. 8.; M. Sparkman of Florida and T.
H. Ball of Texas.
STOCKTON, April 27.— The River and
Harbor Committee of the Fifty-seventh
Congress will visit California during June,
stopping several days at Los Angeles, San
Francisco, Stockton, Sacramento and
Marysville. In a recent letter to Hon. S.
D. Woods, Representative from this dis
trict, Chairman T. E. Burton states that
the committee will leave Washington
about Juno 3/ arriving in Los Angeles the
13th or 14th. There will be about forty
persons In the party, which will • include
the wives. and daughters of the members
of the committee. It is expected that the
party will arrive In San Francisco about
Plans for the River and
Harbor. Committee's
•SI: Visit.
COMING TO THIS
COAST IN JUNE
the 17th, and will remain a week. Stock
ton, Sacramento and Marysvllle will thpn
be visited, the party , stopping two days
In Sacramento and Stockton and one day
in Marysville.
In a second ' letter Chairman Burton
asked to know the wishes of Mr. Woods
in regard '¦ to the time the committee
should stop at respective places in the in
terior. The letter was turned over to Col
vin D. Brown, secretary of the Stockton
Chamber of Commerce, with power to act.
The following answer was sent to the
secretaries of the Marysville and Sacra
mento Chambers of Commerce:
I am In receipt of a letter from T. E. Bur
ton, chairman of the Committee on Rivers and
Harbors, who asks to be Informed by May 1
concerning the California schedule In June.
The committee will be In San Francisco on
June 17, and unless there are good reasons
why there should be changes. I shall wire
Mr. Burton that his schedule will bejln im
mediately following the visit of the committee
to San. Francisco; that it will take two days
on the San Joaquin River, two days on the
Sacramento and one day at Marysville. I pre
sume the committee will want • to ¦ spend a
week' In San Francisco. In this event, the
programme, following San Francisco would be,
a trip up the San Joaquin on a chartered
steamer on Monday, June 24; banquet at Stock
ton in the evening and a trip- around the
islands on Tuesday, June 25, leaving for Sac
ramento by special train that evening:. :
• Sacramento could have all of Wednesday and
Thursday to enable the committee to view the
Sacramento River, leavlnc for Marysville Fri
day morning and for Oregon Saturday morning.
The personnel of the committee is as
follows: T. E. Burton of Oblo, chairman;
KKKr.T. SOCIETY rNTSTAI-LS
NEWLY CHOSEN' DIRECTORS
An Informal Programme Benderecl
_>uriii_r the Afternoon Is <
Greatly Enjoyed.
OAKLAND. April 27.— At the Ebell lit
erary afternoon to-day the new board of
directors -was Installed, the Installing offi
cer being: Mrs. J. R. Scupham, who made
a few appropriate remarks on each ac
cession to office. The new board is com
posed of the followlne named:
Mrs. Kate Bulkley. Miss Mabel T. Gray,
Mrs. L. F. Cockroft, Mrs. Vernoa WaJ
dron, Miss Jennie Huff, Mrs. T. C. Coo
gan, Mrs. J. W. McClymonds, .Mrs. H. B.
Plnney and Mrs. M. C. Chapman.
During: the afternoon an informal pro
gramme was rendered. Mrs. Charles K.
Judson of Berkeley, chairman of the
Nineteenth Century Literature Section,
under whose auspices to-day's reception
was held, was hostess. Peter C. .Allen
reL-dered several violin solos, the flm be
ing "Chanson d 1 Amour," by Rehfield. and
the others a Neapolitan Serenade by
Sgaxnbatl and a gavotte by Vieuxtempa.
He was accompanied by Miss Hannibal.
Charles J. Woodbury, author of "Talks
on Emerson," was introduced and talked
very entertainingly for ten minutes, com
paring: the literary atmosphere of Oak
land with that of Milwaukee, from which
latter city Mr. Woodbury has recently
returned. Mrs. James J. Pierce delighted
her audience with a number of Irish bal
lads, "Kate Kearney," "Kitty of Cole
ralne" and "Peggy in the Low-backed
Car" being most pleasingly sung.
Ilie platform was decorated artlstic
aily by Mrs. Gilbert Curtiss with white
l'lies and red roses. Mrs. E. J. Barrett
and Mrs. G. E. Whitney presided over
the tea table and were assisted by Mrs.
George Hammer. Mrs. W. H. Morrison,
MIffcs Mabel and Ethel Gage, Miss Etta
Eve-rson, Miss Grace Burrell and Miss
Alma Brown.
The members of the Nineteenth Century
Literature Section of the Ebell Society
are the followins named:
Mrs. . "Wallace Everson. Mrs. Fred W. Hen
shaw Mrs. E. M. Hall Jr.. Mrs. James L.
Crlttenden, Mrs. Chubbock, Mrs. H. Kosen
frldt. Mrs. W. R, Gorrlll, Miss Carrie Nich
olson. Mrs. C. C. Judson, chairman, and Mrs.
ji_F.- Beaton, teacher.
BASEBALL ON" MAUT
EASTERN GBOT7NDS
Games of Both Leagues Are Drawing
Fair Crowds — Condensed
Results.
AMERICAN LEAGUE, f.
PHILADELPHIA, April 27.— The Washington
Club of the American League to-day admin
istered another defeat to Philadelphia. At
tendance, 7400. Score:
R. H. K.
Wa*hincton U 1» 1
Philadelphia 5 11 8
Batteries— Mercer and Clark; Platt and
Powers.
CHICAGO. April 27.— Cleveland won to-day's
American League* gam* through errors. At
tendance. 6000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 4 10 6
Cleveland 10 9 2
Batteries— Katoll and Sullivan; Hart and
Wood.
BALTIMORE. April 87.— The home team took
the second game • of the American Leax" e
series from Boston to-day by superior stick
work. Both teams did sharp playing in the
Held, but the contest was too one-sided to be
Interesting. Attendance 6543. Score:
Clubs— R- H. B.
Baltimore 12 11 _
Boston « 11 2
Batteries — Howell and Robinson; Young,
Mitchell and Criser.
DETROIT, April 27.— Six hits In the eighth
inning this afternoon, one of them a two
bagger, gave the Detrolts five runs and the
third successive game from Milwaukee.
Holmes' daring base running wao a feature.
Attendance. 8922. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Detroit 13 15 6
Milwaukee 9 12 : 3
Batteries — Teaser and Beulow; Hustlng.
Keidy. Connor and Leahy.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
PITTSBT7RG. April 27.—The National Leajrua
baseball season opened here to-day before an
enthusiastic crowd of 10,000. A parade of the
two teams, beaded by a brass band, preceded
the game. The grounds were in poor condi
tion, part of the outfield being covered with
mud and water. A ground rule was necessary,
making balls hit into this territory good for
only two base*. The visitors profited by the
rule, no less than six of their hits falling in
the water, while the home team failed to land
one there. The features were the playing of
Wallace and Bransfleld. Score:
Clubs— R. H. - E.
Pittsburgh„ 2 i .11 - 3
St. Louis „ 7 , 13 ¦_ 1 ;
Batteries —Tannehlll and Zimxner: Powell and
Ryan. Umpire—Dwyer.
PHILADELPHIA. April 27.—White pitched
his second frame for the local National League
club to-day and again came out winner. At
tendance, 2700. Score:
Philadelphia 5 8 2
New Tork 1 12 4
Batteries—White ana Douglass; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpire—CDay.
BROOKL.TN. April 27.—The Brooklyns took
advantage of errors by the Boston National
League team to-day and' won handily. At
tendance, 6S00. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston . 8 8 6
Brooklyn 6 10 1
Batteries—Nichols and Klttredge; Hughes
and McGulre. Umpire—Corlan.
CHICAGO. April 27.—Cincinnati fielded In
brilliant style to-day and hit Taylor very hard
from the start. Attendance. 3800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago I 6 S
Cincinnati 9 14 1
Batteries —Taylor and Kline; Hahn and
Peiti. Umpire—Emails.
College Baseball.
TJkiah. Wins.
At Princeton — Princeton, 16; Manhattan.
12.
At Annapolis— Pennsylvania, 20; Ann
apolis, 10.
At Cambridge— Harvard, 11; Dartmouth,
At Amherst — Tale, 6: Amherst. X.
At Ithaca— Cornell, 2; Columbia, 1.
tttttatt, April 27.— At the annual meet
of the Bonoma-Mendoclno Athletic
League held this afternoon the Uklah
High School won, Santa Rosa second and
Petaluma third. Ukiah was so far ahead
of the other high schools that the mark
ers Quit counting-.
"Woodland Wins.
"WOODLAND. April 27.— Th©. Woodland
Hlg-h School •won the field day from the
Vacavllle High School to-day by a scare
of 20»_ to 18#.
CARSON CITY. Nev.. April 27.— C. S.
Varian. a Salt Lake attorney, this after
noon applied for an injunction restraining
Clark et al. from Interfering further with
the Oregon Short Line in building a rail
road through Lincoln County. Judge T.
P. Hawley of the United States court,
before whom the . proceedings were
brought, granted the injunction.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 27.— Pi L.. Wil
liams, general counsel for the Oregon
Short Line, received a telegram from Spe
cial Counsel C. S. Varian at Carson City
to-day, stating that the United States
Marshal would leave Carson City on Mon
day for Uvada, Utah, where the injunc
tion papers issued by the United States
Circuit Court to-day would be served on
the representatives of Senator Clark in
charge of the construction forces at that
point.
Restrains Salt Lake Road
From Interfering at
Uvada.
Grants an Injunction to
Oregon Short Line
Company.
COURT CHECKS
CLARK'S FORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
17
*'° ".:.'„*' ••»••• ' . • • •• ' * " * . ' ' 'x
tt 4 — U A ___ i - .4. A- * X
i [ Framed Pictures. \ g& 0*B mo* dry* B 'hb* M$&$ &to tB^m w & Latties' Ties &S.33] g
3k* I | l £"iJ^"~«'^ i^'""^iii£5?t ' £M 1 3£BU*^£' this lot, some ot f Wvv ""'f
«_• I ]^j j framed in i^-inch % . . j ¦ .JL them tm and some rt/lv'^V^. "*
t : W\ ' r^k ii. 1 *"^"" 1 - * Thz big store was. never so well prepared, to subplv the wants of the peo- £*£ Th 'J *?* Sfe^^w *5
•:» - 4i^<y!i> 4 s sting of a lare: as- , •# • j j -r-i j t r * * . . rr T » . , . » _- r . hand turned loles, Ai^J5yrr^5^i3& «
};. i; ''^Jr,f nrtment of the moit pl& gs tt isjo-day. Ths stocks/or summer are incomparable in point of assortment, medium leather he.^ xjSSSf *
£ v '/Jtjm:\i p°pu'ariubj : cis,s-ch correct stvles and above #// money-saving prices. If you would post yourself on values coin loe !; : we «
I *• f . >r7Jb»^A •• the "Anger- of , t r » r 1 i ± -i • 1 ¦ r r- ' • MSI * i 4 have not got al' sixes l^ •»
J. ij^fillff p - a - e ." "c«e of vou should come here, for we make ihe retail prices of San Francisco. -When fortunate i» both style., but w« VV K x
K _ y-^S^^m R»y." "smin- Ma- buying chances come our wav, and we save monev, our customers save money on their «»«>^yfi|y«» -5
* J' ww ifuwi-B-i ii donna " " Ph a- . , ,, -* / __ tt*e«« •.••• it 1 i » either one ot them. V'Va »*
g _____H____E2_S «oh' S Hors-s,- etc.-, turcliases in the same proportion . Have no doubt o! the quiilitics that you buy here. The special sale b 5s2>.;^5'
*: they are 7^x9 in- Our guarantee is back of everything that we sell, and no transaction .is considered com- !, rth i r eed i ysMo '?'- . a i
X ches. and good value at 50c each; _-,_— , , ° i-t .. „. j • i\c j aay, 1 uesaay and V eanjsdayi -»_, «^ X
*: on sp.cial sale Monday on y... .... 2OO \ pUte Until OUr CUStOfHer IS Satisfied. regular value $ 2 00, sale pries . #-•>•> S
I [ Extraordinary L®gq Event, j Bedding, Etc.] [Trimmed Hat §a!e.\ 5
t* * uhiLlL— ¦ The ereate-t offering that th; Lace Depattment Special Sale Sheets — An excellent f . . rlpV^^S V
V i.VimzmnnzssvjWt >>ai ever mace, and we have had some rare graJe, double bed width, Bleached Sheets lhc entire- Stock of tnmmed hats of a New \ Otk '^J^^f i —p. X
h bargains in that section, as thousmds of cus- ( gixjo inches), carefully mace, rea^y for Millinery Wholcsa'cr on sale to-morrow and bal- __ f^JfJ^f >"_• %
K I?^G^3rWrM^^1^flS^^n^0S« tomei 8 can testify. Our buyer secur.-d at less me, on special sale to-mcrrow only, at lass r , u tt ji< im t, t>-JVv^O.l«i' '%
5 than half the ccst of importuhn a very choice than the cost of the material in the _ "ce of .the w.ek. Hirdly any two alike. They J^_2_£-£__*>S-* S
£ l^^^^^^^^^^^^M lot of Point dc Par!s and Normand .' Vak «- milt, eich P UD are what are usually called wholesale Pattern Hats. (f[v_Hlt «
%' ««"« Laces; all new patterns; in widths from Comforter Sale— Fine Silkoline Cov- We bought them at a big discount, and that is the "^^^f'W x
K • • .. a to 7 inches; which if bought in the regular ered Comforters, prettily finished with rephyr ' thev are mired for vou We have assorted k_l/ "5
g wav, would h.ve to be .old at 15c, 20c and * S c' p:r yardj one price for iny Width *£ . wool> ttitched to match ths tufJng, . C ? f C P" 0 " IOf y° U * WC fl3VC aSSOrtC<1 5
J. Monday, 1 p:r yard «*6> dean, white cotton filling, a $1.50 value, them into three lots— -*~-^ &
I I Men's OutSng Suits7] <a M^^^&$, $6-50, $8,5O, $15.00. f
AT 4* ¦ *** \~1 c osed out a large lot of extra grade Califcr- And thcr; is not a hat in the lot but is worth several dollars more. X
\ Mcn-vCr^ Sv.tsM.dc of pure. linen crash ,h« will (tifry. Z^^^L^Zi It f ¦ ! ! + ?
5 ff>(\ L " e °'"" \Foaar Big Furniture Bargains] $
J factory wear— .t the exceptionaUy low price &2 95 111 0*") P»ir, our p'rice ..$7,93 *— — ; 4- '?
v ..' ' ; '• 'ii I-' ' * ',' A! ¦."";¦ \ ; V \" V „ " • • °t &L/ S P =cial E"**-* Lon 2 Cloth— We Here is a handsome Golden OaK Finish Dresser— \
» Men s Flannel Outing Suits— Made of all-wool matena s i f^ ordered several numberi of Eng ;i ,_, L ong fi&>&*^\ Hi s h 'y P° ished anJ fitted with a Ianc y m]mr - Is J*
tf —in. the new strped effects — ccats the round-cornered sack style— jj\\^ \ Clcth, rut the maker mads a mistake in the \ %%$$%%% j is 42 inches wide, 36 inchr« high j will harmon!*e well X
A* pants with I eit retainers— Ety'Lhly dis'gned, wel- fitting flannil suits, Wl\ \^~T^^^ width of one of the finer qualities -instead of $W%Wff%y* A with a brass, iron or wood bedsteal. _B_k^f_f_| ESZ '*
* that "most stores wou'.d charge vcu J7.50 for. &5'JjB €b &5 /[ \\ %7$ 36 inchts wide he made it 39 inches— this __! ' Special price whie the lot lasts.... 4?m3 '%
J» Our price.. &%M 5^r^i\ /*/ extra w ' dt h cothwe put on special sale ff yvWtfyWt W *&
h Boys' Blouse Sailor Suits — For ages 3 to 10 years, just re- WsJ \\ 5C Monday only, at $1. 25 per piece or *-_ | [ M Bedroom Suit o! 11 Pieces — Bed, buteau, wash- X
»• reived from New York. They come in new shades of Cadet BIu;, / JV^\\ /' la yards, (va:ue|2.oo) or yard. ..##€? .TO ft stand, two chairs, one rocker, one spring, one top mat JJ
it Modes, Tans and Bue Serge.— prettUy Lraidcd with hand£om.-ly j£K \\ { '\ T . ____* M_I--S--^^S_M tresa and two pillows 5 bureau fitted with a French plate s
X embroidrred shelds. The blcus« are cut full and long, and, taken fgV I Jl \ T-O. »—*_——-- —fc« f%..44 S4\ l^^^^^L r™m, 30x14 inchrs in rze-a bedroom outfit well X
5' a together,' they tre one of the prettiest sailer suits for boys shown jjffl JjSZJ \ jr^yfOffi* S/Sity UU*lll\ /j^^SJQi S.%^^ worth^o.oo. Specially priced &1§ Q 25 •'
«f 8>Car " « enuine 7-5° vau - or S4S5 ( Complete outfit* for doing burnt leather work Cri = : =— -S5t7___b_^ $
*: "*¦ :**• ' ' of the latest improved make, --.- _ -, JB^**>s_pd kg-^Sak S rolamg Beds —^ 0:4-4 widths, golden oak x
tf •%• ; — — —— —— - ~ ~ *j* rrduc^d to $4i9V 1^^-?-^.-- \ finish, fitted with 2-p'y wire mattress wkh spring support. •£
*' iO-7*-? 31^^ BntoSfoffiGS £&B3&GSS$lBm Colored Skins— for burning, large size, ah J On f pecial sal- thb week only « & "3 £* S£&% 5*
J B*M &&& WUZVVB& &ffj*Z**M<fSlMB I the latest shades, ekins without a _. j ~^&^*i£l%P& \ the extremely low price, each %SPa<®w&& X
K For Monday we are making, big cut in the price of English MchairAlaca, a very useful fabric aW ' .' • • «' J Golden Oak D00K CaSC Double plas3 doors "^
». at this time of the year when so many are preparing for ther Summer outing as it is princi- —————— ——— * |^^^^^^^t adjustable thelvc-a neatly carved ani excellently finiahed J%
k > pally used for underskirts, bathing suits, waists and traveling dusters. This is the best make fr #SH##f0 J 3. Ki I. }¦ §* i *<g&&$£?~< { case-at the very low price, this X- -_f Vi. &
Jk* Alpaca, lustrous and durable ; the 40c quality, in two shades ot navy and in black, j^q "v ' '¦\j )^^*' _. >f week only %& M m &¥ %jl *'
at the spedal sale price for Monday only, per yard JmifC !plit Bamboo Fly or Bait Rods — extra tip, . .*
If A '. ; , __j. § silk wrapping?, nickel mounted, cork J.— ', : ~ j. &
§ 1 Great Neckwear Specials. \ ¦ aso T Carpet Remnant Sale. T |
fc *** ~7^. : ; — 7~, ~Z. — : 7 «-, r j } * O h r rods up to $8.co. ***"" — X
«f Two umpproackibb offermgs for Mjnday only Po i, h ,dB, M ,aicu«i.- It Begins Monday. It will be a long remembered event *
Jf • -*- These are some of this season's most 6ty!ish Point Venice l» fards— *i ovjuw 4 iuuuuji i_ will UC a lUllg ICIlltUlUClCU CVCUL £
j-^^f^S^SS» Uce Revere Collars, and we have soured 3 oo of them in JU r V5 40 60 80 100 by people who are recarpsting or furnishing homes *5
&* .SlSi^igllP cr am and -cru at a third kss than ordinary pr cm. Exquisite \W\ Each- at this time. An immense carpet trade such as ours necessarily leaves a x
* on n iy W0 . lth R^ Nick. tp'S Kbf K large accumulation of "ends" at the close of each season. Almost a thousand *
$ Mflm llS 400 Novelty Automobile Ribbon Tics-made of three rows of itfe^ - CIcR pieCCS ° f a1 ' kinds ofcar P etin g» in Ien g ths of from *5 to 60 yards, have been *
fc « $&£$ •§_! satin ribbon with thne rows of lace insertion, and the ends fin- B,^^ \ Yards- price reduced 25 per cent to close them out at once, and the sale begins x
it W&F&&I ished with go'd spikes; fu'.l assortment of colors; a f%^tog^ W^5§0ZA \ +0 6s 80 100 150 to-morrow. One-quarter off regular prices. «![
Si&MSX 122&*B\\ 35c value: sp?cial sac, Monday eich _fir-_ErQ_r t$^^_£||a I Each— . . r . „. , _ 'J
. fflSmsJf eoc 65o 70o TOc 85c Ingrain Carpits— Worth 50c per yard, now Tapestry Brussels — Worth 60 cents per wd, X
IC iS-tro J&rSiffik *J" ~~ t* Tlir^ 52^^ Oi ed jiik Trou: Lines — *s- 37}4p now 45o %
H C^^! The* Af**M#j-»«c# fSinwgaa 1 * y ui co'J«— 4 co»« con- Wilton Velvet Carpets— A'J-wool, beautiful Extra Quality Tapestry— Worth «i.oo per *f
V S^ i^ST IW«gWf«g»g VIMWVISSSm | - - nected— per coil and effective designs; worth $1.25 per yard, yard, now .....75© J*
V t^S !§*J * A ~* ~ /-..-v, .-fcVA**.^,,/ l,.rt ;*. SSG, 3OC, 33C 4- .'C, 5QC now. 040 Body Brus<els— A heavy, durable V1.40 per -5
J. S&jk mf i AiOt> r HHge Stllpment JUSt in. R iw snk J rout Line— 25 yards on block— 4 Axminster Carpets— Rich, deep pHe Carpets, yard quality, with borders to match, now. ... J
X$ Women's Glace Kid Glove*— w'th 3-pearl clasp and fine em- blocks connected — per block borders to match; Persian, Oriental and floral $1»Q5 '&
JC . " ch 'of broidered back, in a'l of the late t hades (fee window right of ............ ....... .250 and 35O effects; worth $1.40 per yard, now $1 .Q5 •"
t£ » [ 'JSi miin entrance) fitted and warranted p:r pair — _-» «- Enamel Fly Line — 25-yard coi s — 4 coi^s con- »-» -»jtji-i.c »- -i.». ... '5
J. v . -- ' t # # $1.35 ne- ted— p-r coil.... 6~O» Linoleums — Made of the finest quality of pulverized cork and hnseed oil,
Jf. Women'sa-ciaspEmprMs Gloves -auih^ 65c, 75 '.', $145 and $125 well-seasoned, in a large assortment of handsome tiled patterns; g-g*^ X
ft Women's 3-clasp Premier Gloves— aU shades $15 - Thr«-toot Single Gut teaoer, 3 for SOj 3C, per square yard %3kU?iQ *5
I $2.OO, $L75 and $,50 3 for '%$ W « *™ ? , 8t - k * a " orto^ « i^, fa '^ "i^r.™. style, *
Jf SZrcn^^^^^ 1C and beautiftil color effects-some of the prettiest patterns that we have ever S
tt j : - ' .. . Six ;oot S'ngle Gut Leader, tOo and 3 9 Cm seen in Wilton Rugs — which we offer at exceptionally low prices. *2
g [ ifUraatn dale* J mai **UI g»# SSi J Alcock English Trout Flies, tied on wonze, a ! A •* ¦ ' a X
5 *•' I v v ~ iust-prcof sproat an J . kendal hooks, standard f fi .ICCIVPrP _.' : it *t!M si*Sm I \f\ffsii df 1£9n I "2
» We offer our entire stock of Lace Curtans, in Our beautiful cct pattern, rer <"o Z en, 35c. [ *»p -.»#-«»¦ j I VWaiSJ QggS iODm j J
g fine gcods, $6.50 per pair and over, Monday g'ass department is ai Alccck best quality Canisle Hooks, in pat- .. . 17c for this fine ** ~~ ~~T £
K and duruig the wick, at o ject of admiratio.i of ' tern wrappers, tingle gut, i to 12, 15o . *^%v Imitation Cut Glass 7 °° " *
i 25 n°r CGnt R*dU"1iOn aU Wh ° Visit^ thc H ' g dozen-double gut i to io, p« doien 25C WW^rHl Half - gaUon Water Hf^X}/ - Consistins «
$ Frc£ Our Regular PHaea 7~\ £££iSL ru^ts, 75 Cj $1.OD, $,.25 « Wm Jl p^ would be a M Jl l 3 cX_t \
_> ... ,, . , . _ i -ii • i /^^V.^V^vVT^C^TS fpZs O(/> IlalK^lSIl /M ' good va.ue at sec; // -_K_- // tons, collar but- J3
6 which are all marked on the Curtans in antly illumina ed reom MMM?$|M basket Straps— each 25O ™d S^C l\! W4 \\W one gross of them on >__L^^ // ton and dumb- *
*» pla;n figures. This is an unusual chance to ?rs genuine cut glass, §§|g£j^\jSK$j Bait Boxes— oval, 15q; crescent ... 25O ll^fl/ apecial sale Monday £^ <@>/ 1 / beU Unks to %
g get good Lace Currains very cheap ..The as- from ths best makers A complete stock of Striped Bits Tackle. VllHr only at.... ___ /^ . match, with X
X scrtment inc udes Brussels Lace, Ir.sh Point, m the woild. Mi ri • >S__»' SMC Ic^? < *°*jf pr-tty stone set "*
J Arabian, Battcnberg and Point de Caais than 300 different f T~'M~* A ~4S~B~~ **3!c 'fw'thli good, *t ' ting,;ename:ed^ •«
J Curtains. shapes and cuttings from which to se ect accept- | J OStGt MrtiGiGSm | servkeab'e Imitadon embossed and piain pattcrnsj the finest quality of %
K 4— ! able wedding or tmhday gifs or to fit out your *. — 1 Cut Glas Breakfast S-.t— consisting of Sugar gold plate; wfll be on spedal sale Mon- 'x
Bf I GO- DartS S3 75 1 own sideboard. Prices range from $tmOQ Dr. Lambert's Antiseptic Skin _fl=a^ BowL Butter «K>-~~ >__ day only; complete ssts for l&G J»
f \ *" "^ «y-^*^*^* I per par of cut glas silt and pep er shaken with Soap, 3 cakes 4-00 * Ww Dish? Cream QJ^t^T)*^^^ «
I • • _^ j. m.4- S^S," SB0 -° 0 { "'^ °'i±^tt)£> :*£L %%,*? I Grooaries, Ham 3. ] 1
tt If (I °" y y ° U "" * * Cream. 6-oz. bottle.. i?_Jc JTl a'.plendid &^ * '' ! : «• J€
5?,, II J bu y one of I WsatueS in J°!«rf««*»«2 I Ke ts un ™ a " d Q uii ine ilii'illcOKEl value for 50c: Wmsk^cssS^^^Z. H " e ' 8 ™ attractive iist of ch °'« groceries, >j
V^s^^sMi thcse stron S> '. *"*"*' '" m •" fOgs »| Hair Tonic, 8-ounce b,t 4'"/tt.- on Mondav WMm&W^m&P^ which will be on special sale for two days— .T
$ 9^^''^S3JI\ oak-bodied Go- *^~~ ; / ch , ., -t. . tie.. . . . . . ...5 C I fr2*" only, 144 sett Monday an<f Tuesday.
V fS^MSSSI StTble^o^t /O chaTnl^rTel Extract Witch Hazel. ,C_3tPS^ on special sale at..... Best Hams-Eastern Sugar Cured, 1b .... /3 O &
I W^lttm*\ «r, plain tJrc, // w.th long chan t^-^ W^^m^% 33c >or trf ve^ S ° 3P ~ 6 25 ° *
K natenthub iteel //>^ 25g b^/ M "'7 Wc if.*** |[i J0&& 33c for this very Alaska Salmon-Hume Bros, best, 2 tns *
if WlM. W&Nh E and fo" f?~\ 1 Ladies' ConTbina- Mne. Id -.line Cream, -i-d--*- jiffim £ ttty n Imitatl ° n ? Ut 25O "5
*> W^feS^irTbALA . 1/ 4_4 / tion Card Casr Beautifies at once, jar .SOC llM^S?W_< G ass Berry Set of 7 _ . ", _ ' «-*CJ $
& .*2£iBHo$rtj T ke C °^~ /MS* and Pocket Mmc. Idalne Rouge. Cannot be detrcTe? J&m&g$~+^ pieces—Urg- 8-inch Santa Clara Prunes— fine new prunes in * s ib X
* /eSSIiiL RVW 5 v ' i/XI Book emboL-d JT... .:...'.. -25O f^^^lS5^ B--TTV or Salad Bowl boxes that sell regularly Jx. 25 , on Monday
£ IKS! Vf AV J^^S^ // /XL leat her Z M> Toilet Ammonia, for toilet and b^ pSgggg and 6 Berry" or Sauce and Tucsda y «*M* »« 53o H
if VVy^n^tl VJJ&" .' sular - y jf5 -°° J> L/ /\ P rote-t : on but 8-ounce b«t e. J jJ^O Plates to match; reg- Baked Beans-in tomato sauce, Van Camp's, „«*
y VJfi-7 Wf -jl 'or . ... . J_ES-SE^ : _^^\ ton stiaps .... >- Eclatantc Face Powder, equal to any 50 u . larIv 55= " ™i •?«=- 3 tns p_y o j«
*>* -¦ > <-*^ g?«*» # O ir^ > /StbaM^ 55C powder, box 25C cial Mon- OO^. Uncolored Japan Tei — Spider Leg, iJb.. 4: Jq Js
I? $7.75 Redinintf Go.Carts $5 95-The new /(' /» ( V^^yj) La&s'' Vac k et Coke Dandruff Cure, highly recommend d b/ day only... JJC Emporium Savon Soap-the toap with red •{
K stj-le . recJnin,* back and foot rest, that can i * ! Hl^_Ja0M^^g^ . Purse - genuine physicians and taibers, bottle. ...... .S5O * : 4. wrappers that housekeepers like so well, %
* be adjusted to any ang'e, Rubber Tires, pat- XgBH? ¦ alligat.r, leather 20C0 samples 0/ Coke Da" druff Cure tctV/ \TOOih BriiSheS 11 G \ Mondar * nd Tn;s<la r» 7 bars ....25o *
5 ent hub, iteel wheels and foot brake, com- . . IbeJ, nickel ht given avav fret to those xtho ar.' * £ •'•¦-' • jj
it plete, on Monday only.. .... _-»•_- frame.. 2Sc bothered with dand'ujf who apph at W* have bought a sample line of imported >' -f-^» _______ „ _-* « "?* X
Jf j)Ot9d Ladies' Chatelaine Bags — large rie, black our Toilet *Ar tide Deparlm.nl on Mon- Tooth Brushes, in an assortment of styes, I m GIGSCOJjQJZ 2B*rGm j .*
K . • • K t '> grain leather, outside hankerchief pocket day ant Tuesday. .-'¦'.. which, it bought in the regular way, would V -f' •*
j^ '•' , jrj| " — ~ "% ..................... ¦ 53C Lambert's Listerine, the convenient' traveling have to be retailed at 15c, 25c and 35c each. On Monday and jf
if I. LlSf'JOP SpGCiaISm I Ladies' new style bag Purse, as In picture, chain size bottle /.20O. They arj all pure bristles, with fancy anJ ffr-^-BT" 1 *°^4>-^--- Tuesday only we X
K '»' . • . , 1 r~S" hand e, made of gray, ooze calf, also black, Eastman's Benzoin and Almond Lot'on, 8- pain bone handles, your choice Mon- E/J Q I will jell 35c
S .' Port or Sherry Wine — a good table quality, on brown and tan grain leather 75C \ ounce bottle... 25 J day only each BmG t' 'H fi fiber Telescopes, *5
Jf . special sale Monday and Tuesday onlv, per " ; : - ¦_ | R ». with two straps jf
g g-ion 55c A complete lino of | f|p|||9f8£ |__SP^Sf_^_rf^!?^fl^ li^^l f7na Collection of f |v andhicdie— size .^
»» Hunter Rye Whiskey— the celebrated Amcr.can MaasxInOS and P&- flB HHil ¦ "M ¦wH Hn^LflrBt-T ta Bl B^M CurlOS fi*cm the PMt- Li HI 1°* 17 inches — •'
j^ wh skey, on^ of the most popular brands that . **.. _ „ . fS KjIsHm m J^ W^Jk g| HH MV^S^V ffjfsinos are being eaJiib:ted free " f we u ma( j c anc j -J
V we carry, regularly bottle, Mondav rsOtilOSlS constantly on |U g^3^ AfffctJ r |y of charge by Robert W. Page, the just the thing jl
V and. Tuesday ....$1. Q hand in our immense Book Ds- pt^^ gfrgHy^~>«*- "Q big drum major, formerly of the for school books or picnic lunches __ .^
jf U. S. Beer— pints, for two days, dozen.. 4-Dc partmint — main floor. : . CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. Thirty-third Regiment, Volunteers. — the very special price, each.. .. 2*}(2 5
1 « i ' ' " '' ' ' . ' ' ' ' '" .-.-¦¦-. -.~ ' •*
"I am Satisfied I've
Found a Friend— A
Health Friend in
Malt Breakfast Foofl
An Ottawa business man prominent In
Eociety has become a regular user of Malt
Breakfast Food. He says;
"I heard of your popular Malt Break-
fact Food through a railway official and
bought a package from my grocer. I
fcuad it so rich and delicate in flavor, so
¦ easy to digest, and bo agreeable to the
stomach that I now use It every morning
instead of oat meal From my compara-
tively short experience with Malt Break-
fast Food I have no hesitation In declar-
ing it to be a true health food for either
young or old. I am satisfied I've found
a friend— a health friend In Malt Break-
lest Food."
Malt Ereakfast Food, bo strongly rec-
ommended by the highest medical au-
thorities. Is sold by all first class grocers.
If you haren't a resrular, healthy mot trcent «f the
bowels eTcry day, you're 111 or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and be well. Force, in the shape of -io-
lcntpbyEleor pill poison. Is tiancerous. The smooth-
est, easiest, inoet perfect way or keeping the bowels
clecr and clcaa is to tcJce
Jw^^^Lw CATHARTIC
EAT 'EM LIKE CANDY
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Sever Eiclcert, Weaken, or Uripe. 10, Si, and CO cents
per box. Write for Ire* sample, and booklet on
bealtU. Address <23
feTEBUSa KEXEDT COITAKT, CHICACO «r KEW TOOK.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD CLEAN
t Strictly Reliable.
DnTalcott
& CO.
Diseases and
Wcaknersot.
MEN ONLY
• Ey far the most frequent causa of nervous
disorders of the male Is
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
The Prostate Glanfl (so-called neck of Nad-
£er) 1* & structure Terr rich In nerves. When
the terminations of theee nerves are kept In a
constant etate of excltemant. by chronic lnflam-
rn&tory processes. It appears very clear that by
tracsmlEElon of this Irritation to other nerves,
the patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Premature-
&ess. Impotency. etc., ar* not weaknesses, but
symptoms of this Inflammation. We have pre-
pared a colored chart, which we will send, free
on application, by which any one Interested can
readily underetaEd why, if he has been treated
for a weakness, he hac not been cured. We
pcjtlcularly solicit this class of cases, and can
promise a epeedy cur* without stomach drug-
-Tln_\
' 997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
World Famous Mariani ionic
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES. Vin
Mariani is on sale at drug stores |
throughout the world. The public is
especially cautioned against substi-
tutes and imitations attempted owing"
to the popularity of Vin Mariani.
DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT|
> America Ahead of theTTorldln Electrical Inren- '
¦ tions ! Everybody knows this ! Our new Body- J
¦Battery, (C. S. Patent) is strictly an American'
• invention— THE Belt of the Ceniurr- It sends a,
' powerful, revere-bis current through the liuman ,
[Wy from ti.-B.i t« I uot, curinc Chronic and,
, Nervous Diseases and Wf-knessof Male or Female 4
. as If br Mapi'. So positive are we tl.at no other «
. belt is the eij ual ot '"I»r. fiercc's/'that we will»eB<l '
• It O\ AI'PKSMAI- lor comparison with any belt'
• now soid in America. " Seeing is Believing." J
[ NOTE.— We never send belts "On Trial," there- <
. fore In ordering "l>r. Pierce's" no risk is rnn of <
• contracting- ku* liUem.- or other Disorders by '
¦USinZ an appliance prt-vl-.ii.l . worn br otbrrf
' iKrwu. Call, or send a 2c stamp for new "Bookiet ' '
'So.2.'' Address: PIEKC12 IXKCTUIC CO. ',]
', 1 145 Rromtvray, 'near 26ih si.) New York, « ,
.Or C2O Market Street, San Francisco. 4
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
OF ANATOMY}
a gft :::nristKcr.t«:.6ii7i,s.r.c.i. i
\ fcf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m m 4-fr am World. VSeakncsket or iny contracted «,
• «£?£» diiea« p-alU»rly «•¦•¦•« ry the oldest T-
O /£_! M I bpecnlist on Ihe Coast Eit. 36 yeirt. Q
A fl«30» § D R« JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN 6
\ f u Consultation free »nd ttrietly prime. \
A I J^WO Trwttment personally or by letter. A A
\ fi if Sin ' >M ' { ' re 0»» - «~>CTeryc_je-_dert_ken. t
A It If HA u 'rite for Book. PBILOKOrBV or A
" ' II ll~ B1BIUCE, MAILED FKEE. (AT
X A 11 -alu-bie book for mm) \
T DB.. .UKDAX A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A CHEAT liESTOKATIVE. XKVIGOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Re_ucdy for Diseases of the Kid-
neis and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NAEEB. ALFS & BBU.VE, Agents.
£3 Market St.. S. T. — CSend for Circulars.)
fZ&r CKtCHESTER'8 ENGLISH
PEftKVRQYAL fiLLS
]*'• -^V^v OrlcUutl Bud Only te-nnlne.
£}\ fc&i t* cmcaKSTER's English
/ -'->4»>._* v <\ in U£O and fcoU nut-UU kexM. ml**
JCX S-pltf? "It* blue ribbon. Take ¦« ether. Ref-M
i fi *_> «__$ »¦«-»«•• (Salwil tuti<M» sad Xntlta.
I / fS ti " n< - Boy of yosr 0r«g(rt«t. or mrat 4r. in
I ¦__ Jl iuhim far Parttealam, Tectlaao-lalt
V'C fi ast^'Retter for Ladle*,"** >«(•-, err*.
*\1_A' torn Mall. 10,000 Te.nao.l_li. Soldi;
,. 7; i an DrBggiiu. Ct.lche.lcr <bc»lc»i C«s,
¦IcaUon thl« paper MmJUom Nimw. FMILA, fg
REmOVED.
PATRICK & CO./
RUBBER STAMPS. ETC..
TO i>_21 SftNSOME ST.,
Eetween Pine and California sts.
Purely vesetable. mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful rocularity.
For the cure of ml disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
6tio_tlon, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At VncugglttM. or
by mail. RAX) WAY A CO.. New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE JSMPOHTUM.
THE EMPOETDIL
THE EMPORIUM.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ....APRIL 28. 1001
Publication Office <-^^^^^^> Market and Third, S. F.
OF" the thousands — one might
even say millions — who have
enjoyed the delicious music of
Sir Arthur Sullivan's operas only
the few who are musically culti
vated have realized that this art
cf his, which Appears bo gracefully spon
taneous and bo easily melodious, is in re
ality the result of Intense application, se
vere training and the expenditure of an
amount of intellectual energy compared
•with which that, displayed by a Prime
Minister or Admiral of the fleet Is child's
Play.
Few trained musicians, I think, will
question the truth of this statement, for
they know what the labor of orchestra
tion — and such orchestration as Sullivan's
—means; let those who are untrained try
to Imagine for a moment what is the na
ture of the task which the composer sets
himself when be sits down to write mel
ody and orchestral accompaniment for
even the simplest ballad. They will con
fess, I think, as Mr. Disraeli once con
fessed to Sullivan himself, that they have
not the slightest conception of the method
of attack and presentation; they could as
soon form a mental picture of the size of
those ether atoms ¦whose diameter we
know to be less than one one-hundred
thousandth of an inch (but how much less
we know not), or of the mass of Arcturus,
¦which, I believe. Is roughly calculated to
be seventy times that of the fading star
we call the sun.
• • •
It was only the other day that Sullivan
died, and the grass was hardly green upon
his grave before he was followed by
I>'Oyley Carte, his friend and comrade of
many years. Of the famous trio who did
so much to lighten life for bo many only
Gilbert Is left, and he now is approaching
to three-score years and ten; soon will he
be gathered unto his fathers, and who,
then, shall make song and music for the
English epeaklng world? Oh, yes, we shall
have tragic writers a-plenty; Phillips,
with his undoubted gift of high poetic
seriousness; Swinburne, with his fatal ple
thora of words — "a hundred where one
•would do," as Matthew Arnold so well
said of him; Watson, with his passion,
limited In range but sincere and Intense.
All these will be with us to remind us
that man that Is born of woman Is born
tinto sorrow. Just as If we really needed
to be continually reminded of that? I
ehould not mourn greatly the departure
or the silence of these modern tragic
poets; Indeed, I could make shift to get
along very comfortably without them,
having Sophocles and Shakespeaxe. But I
<3o mourn ¦when time casts his envious
dart at the man who is at once both hum
orist and poet, for he happens along so in
frequently In this oddly constructed
world. Such a man was Hogarth In paint
ing, and such a man was Sullivan in
music. When F.hall we look upon his like
again!
• • •
The Btory of Sullivan's life has recently
been simply but Interestingly told by
Arthur Lawrence (Stone, Chicago). His
father (a bandmaster) was an Irishman
and his mother came from an old Italian
family named Rlghi. Whence came his
¦wit and whence his musical faculty are
too clear to need discussion. Everything
In the boy's environment favored the de
velopment of his immense musical talent.
At eight years of age he could play almost
*very wind instrument in his father's
band, at twelve he was admitted a chor
ister at the Chapel Royal on account of
the manner In which he sang a difficult
aria from Haydn and at fourteen he won
the Mendelssohn scholarship in compe
tition with eixteen other candidates, all
older than himself. For two years he
studied in London with Sterndale Ben
nett and Goss; for three more at Lelpsic
¦with Moschelles. Hauptmann. Rletz and
Plaldy. "I am obliged to work tremend
ously hard here," ne wrote. "No sooner
Is one master dispatched than I rush home
Mr. R. H. Russell sends me a charming
little edition of the "Bab Ballads," with
the daintiest reproductions of the author's
quizzical Illustrations. Many of the old
favorites are here, Including "The Yarn
of the Nancy Bell" and the Immortal
"Bishop of Rum-TI-Foo," but many also
are missing. There is a 10-cent edition
put out by a cheap publisher In New
York, which contains twenty-two ballads
not in Mr. Russell's edition. Why these
were omitted It is difficult to imagine, for
some of them represent Gilbert at his
best Such are "The Reverend ' Simon
Magus," that scathing satire on simony;
"The Haughty Actor," a ballad which
every successful hlstrio should commit to
memory; "The Fairy Curate," which con
tains In embryo the opera of "Iolanthe";
last but not least, "The "Way of "Wooing,"
that most humoristlco-romantic of varia
tions upon the theme "Faint heart ne'er
won fair lady. • • • Your reader, my
dear Mr. Russell, has evidently entered
lightly. upon the delicate undertaking of
selecting his Gilbert without knowing his
subject thoroughly. To omit such gems
from your collection Is like showing us
the crown Jewels in the tower when the
Koh-1-noor is away on exhibition some
where else.
Borne day a better life of Sullivan ¦will
be written, but that cannot be while Mr.
Gilbert lives. In the meantime this book
will stand a not unworthy monument to
the only English composer worthy to rank
beside the great Purcell.
Sir Arthur Sullivan's other successes are
too recent to need recapitulation. All that
It Is worth while here to do Is to call at
tention to interesting material in Mr.
Lawrence's book other than that already
touched upon. Among this will be found
the American Reminiscences of chapter
VII; Sullivan's Personality and Method
of "Work, chapter XII: the lecture on mu
sic delivered by Sullivan at Birmingham
In 1888, the complete list of his writings
compiled by Wilfred Bendall, and the Es
says in Rhythm, page 224.
His Immense success as an operatic
composer was due to nomere chance, but
was based upon prolonged study of stage
effects while a member of the orchestra
at Covent Garden. His first dramatic
composition was the music to "Cox and
Box" (Burnand's libretto), produced at
the Adelphia Theater In 1866. Five years
later he met Gilbert and in 1872 they wrote
their first opera, "Thespis"— forgotten
now save for one charming song, "The
Little Maid of Arcadee." "Trial by
Jury" followed In 1S75, "The Sorcerer" in
1S77 (why Is this never given now?), and
with "Pin2fore," in 1S78, came world
wide reputation. Curiously enough this
piece did so r oorly for the first few weeks
that it was about to be withdrawn when
an arrangement of Its principal airs for
military band caught the ear of the pub
lic and sent them in shoals to the Opera
Comique. The opera ran for two years
in London; in the United States it was
played at one time by forty-two different
companies and one hundred thousand bar
rel organs were constructed to perform it
and nothing else. Such are the penalties
of popularity.
to prepare for another." But the hard
work told. At eighteen he was composing
his music to "The Tempest," which was
performed at Leipsic with great success
when he was nineteen and was repeated
with still greater success In London the
next year (1S62). "Sullivan was now a
made man; at twenty he had established
a reputation greater than that ever be
fore established by any English composer
of his years. That his worth as a man
was not less than his worth as a com
poser is shown by the fact that his friend
ship was sought and valued by such men
as Dickens and Rossini. Compared with
this honor his subsequent intimacy with
the Duke of Edinburgh was an affair of
small moment.
The soloists are .Miss Millie Flynn,
Mrs. J. E. Birmingham, H. M. Fortescuo
and T. G. Elliott. During the offertory
Dr. H. J. Stewart will play selections
from Stainer's organ works. The after
noon organ recital will Include the fol
lowing:
Sonata No. 1, In X> minor Gullmant
Introduction and allegro, pastoral, finale.
"Air," with variation. !n T> Beethoven
"Lie Predication des Oiseaux" Liszt
(St. Francis preaches to the birds.)
"Marche Solenelle" MaUly
The regular monthly musical service at
Trinity Church will be held this evening,
and the programme has been appropriate
ly selected entirely from the works of Sir
John Stainer, who died early in the pres
ent month. Sir John Stainer was for
many years organist of St. Paul's Cathe
dral, London, and stood first among Eng
lish composers of church music. The se
lections to be sung at Trinity Include
three of Stainer's best anthems: "Awake!
Awake!" "Lead, Kindly Light," and "O
Clap Your Hands"; also solos and chor
uses from his cantatas, "The Daughter
of Jalrus," "St. Mary Magdalen" and
"The Crucifixion."
A pleasant innovation in programmes Is
promised for to-morrow evening In the
recital of modern classics for piano and
voice, to be given by Miss Grace Barker
Marshall and Bert Georges at Sherman-
Clay Hall. Korbay, Loewe, Neldlinger,
Wilby, Woodman and White are repre
sented in the vocal part of the pro
gramme, and Rachmaninoff. Pachulskl
and Arthur Foote are responsible for the
piano inspiration.
There will be a gathering of the clans
English oh Tuesday evening next at
Sherman-Clay Hall to hear the very good
ballad concert programme that has been
arranged by .Wallace A. Sabin. F. R. C.
O., in aid of the funds of the British
Benevolent Society. Vocal— Mrs. Dexter,
Mra. Birmingham, Algernon Aspland, Mr.
Van Llnghem; pianoforte, Arthur Flck
enscher; violin. Miss Kathleen Parlo-w
(an English-Canadian, aged 10); accom
panist. "Wallace A. Sabln. Tickets are on
sale at Sherman & Clay's music store.
Miss Frankie Wertheimer. who has re
cently returned from a five years' visit
to Europe, where she has been studying
piano at Lelpsic, will be heard in concert
on May 2. Miss "Wertheimer received spe
cial mention on her graduation from, the
Leipslc Royal Conservatory.
upon a subject of prolific interest, the
charity concert, and revert3 rather bit
terly to her Oakland experiences in con
nection with the same. She contrasts her
recent audiences at St. James Hall in
London, when she gave for the first time
her own song cycle, with the $S3 house
she drew at the Oakland Coliseum on the
only occasion when she invited an Oak
land audience to recognize substantially
her long service in the cause of charity
in her native town. She never appeared
again after that experience without be
ing paid, and well, for her work. As be
fore said, the charity concert la a prolific
subject, and a dangerous one In these
days of thrifty women's clubs, but It has
the attraction of its danger, and ere long
some courageous Don Quixote will b»
tilting at the windmills, and great will
be the confusion thereat.
Town Talk of last week contains the
sprightly autobiography of a Californian
girl, who is one of the many that have
won success in a chosen line in other
than her own State and country — Carrie
Northey Douglas, formerly of East Oak
land, and now of the Turner Grand Opera
Company in England. The sketch Is well
worth reading from many standpoints.
The simcer has achieved the enviable po
sition that is hers by sheer hard work,
and modestly disclaims any but the
genius of industry in accounting for her
success. Mrs. ,. Douelas • ends her letter
with the following suggestive credo:
"This brings me down to date, and In
looking forward to my future contracts,
that will keep me busy for some years to
come on this side of the wide, wide ocean,
1 can justly say that I have earned
through hard work all the success and
happiness I am now enjoying. No one has
helped me; there has been.no man's blank
checkbook for me to fill in at my pleas
ure to buy my way to success, neither a
woman's perfumed note to open -the por
tal for me. It has been WORK. WORK,
WORK! filling each hour of my day and
my dreams at night, leaving no room for
the careless, idle moment, from which
are born temptations ending In shame and
degradation. Yes, work has made me
what I am. My voice has been my one
true friend, in shadow as In sunlight, in
success and in failure, that has never de
serted me. In grateful return I treat it
as such, guarding It as the richest jewel
I possess, and living: that life that may
never cause it to be ashamed of me. Its
mistress."
. In her letter Mrs. Douglas touches
After the long silence of the Saturday
Morning Orchestra their good work at the
concert on Thursday evening last at Sher
man-Clay Hall came somewhat as a sur
prise. The club has been working stead
ily during the winter months under the
competent leadership of Oscar Weil and
their faithful effort took effective shape
in the modest, well chosen and well ren
dered programme of Thursday evening.
Mr. Weil's name is naturally enough
found anywhere else but on a programme
given under his direction, but It is well
recognized that it is to his peculiar in
spiration the young ladles of the orches
tra owe the satisfactory level of accom
plishment of which their concert gives
evidence.
The first orchestral number was not al
together promising— an arrangement of
the Beethoven "Pathetique" adagl©. The
rendering leaned to the ultra-sentimental,
snowing itself in lagging tempore and an
indisposition to obey the baton. The
shading and balance of the parts were,
however, very satisfactory. With the
second number, a "Marcia, Glocosa" of
Hiller, given with much spirit and
rhythmic swing, the orchestra had pulled
itself together, and by their third num
bers, a Bach Sarabande and the B minor
prelude and fugue, amply evidenced the
progress that has been made during Mr.
Weil's directorship. The Bach numbers
were by much ths best offering? of the
orchestra and" were played with evident
enjoyment of their quaint and dignified,
movement. Some of the Schubert
"I^aendler" ended the programme, and
though not up to the Bach level were yet
played in suificiently worthy fashion.
* • •
The club was assisted by Miss Alice B.
Toklas, a clever pupil of Otto Bendlx. She
gave a broad and dignified reading of the
Schubert "Der Wanderer."
The young pianist has the sure, clean
touch of all Mr. Bendlx's pupils and pos
sesses besides marked temperament. The
orchestral accompaniment to Miss Toklas'
number was indifferently good in places,
owing 1 , perhaps, to a " lack of rhythmic
authority on the pianist's part, at least
in Miss Freeman's violin number, the
Viotti twenty-first* 1 concerto (first move
ment), it was so conspicuously better aa
to suggest the criticism. Miss Grace
Freeman, another good student. Is a
Minetti pupil, and gave a very intelligent
and musicianly rendering of the Viotti
movement. The concert, on the whole,
was a decided success, and the next affair
of the kind Is awaited with pleasure.
SIEGFRIED WAGNER, son of the
great master of the German music
drama, has committed a second
opera, "Herzog Wildfang," that
was produced for the first time on
March 23 at the Court Theater in Munich.
According to the lively account of a
Leipsic correspondent in the Musical
Courier, this second effort of the son of
Richard "Wagner and grandson of Llzst
Is an even more pronounced failure than
was his first attempt at operatic compo
sition, the "Barenhaeuter." Those critics
who had before reserved their judgment
for a final decision now emphatically
deny the possession of any talent for this
or other form of musical composition to
Siegfried Wagner. It is freely alleged
that "Herzog Wildfang" is but a feeble
imitation of "Der Meistersinger," which
it closely resembles in plot. The text,
also -written by the composer, is graph
ically described as "tommyrot."
Frau Cosima Wagner managed the pro
duction, which was given under the di
rection of Ernst von Possart, who saw to
it that every possible chance of success,
in the excellent cast and splendid staging,
was afforded the new opera. But all to
no purpose. The opera was greeted with
hisses and catcalls all through the per
formance quite powerful enough to drown
the cheers of the Wagner party, but not
sufficient to deter the younjr Siegfried
from appearing time after time before
the curtain to respond to the demands
of his friends. Poor Siegfried ! he has evi
dently the usual fate of the son of the
great man before him. The performance
ended in a perfect pandemonium and
young Wagner left the place a full
fledged martyr to the Wicked Critics,
who are always found in wait for the
New Genius.
A CHAUCE TO fnVTTT.K.
—Plain Dealer.
WILHELMINA'S WEDDING.
I'd like to have been at the wedding,
That brilliant and beautiful scene;
Td like to have ribboned the carriage
And ehled an old shoe at the queen.
¦- "Boy," called Senator Hale of Maine,
addressing the attendant of the ' cloak
room, "have you seen my rubbers?"
"Yes, sir," responded the boy with a
grin.
"Well, where are they?"
"You have them on, sir," — World's
Washington dispatch. .
"The meat we had last night," remark
ed the new boarder, "was overdone."
"Well, it won't be to-night," replied the
old stager.
"Think not?" .
"Sure. It'll be done over."— Philadelphia
Press. " : v
"What is this charge here?" asked the
business man of the telephone collector.
"Oh, that's for a 15-mlnute conversation,
your wife had." „'.: - -
"With whoni?"
"Her dressmaker."
"There must be some mistake, young
man; my wife never got through talking
to her dressmaker in fifteen minutes in
her life!"— Yonkers Statesman.
"WASHINGTON. April 27.— The follow
ing Californians are at the hotels: Ra
leigh—E. H. Hamilton, San Francisco;
Shoreham— A. H. Butler, Miss Belle But
ler, L. M. Kaiser, San Francisco; Wlllard
— G. B. Grow, San Diego; Metropolitan—
S. B. Goodman and wife, Fresno.
CALTPOSNIANS INWASHINGTON
NEW. YORK, April 27.— The following;
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— F. Greenwood, at Imperial; T.
Rl Hutchlnson, at Normandle; Miss Mc-
Neil, S. F. Pond, E. B. Pond and wife, at
Holland; E. A. Self ridge, at Park Avenue;
R. Pinking and wife, at Imperial; Miss
Carleton. Miss V. Faulker, at Criterion; J.
Hart and wife, at Grand Union; H. P.
Weil, L. P. Well and wife, at Savoy; J. F.
Young, at Everett.
From Los Angeles— G. B. Johnson, Miss
P. B. Johnson, at Manhattan.
CALIFORNIA'S IN NEW YORK.
COLONIAL DAMES-J. B. H.. Decoto,
Cal. The National Society of Colonial
Dames of America is composed of dele
gates from the State societies. These ex
ist In all the thirteen original States and
¦the District of Columbia. Under the con
stitution of the national society It Is pre
t crlbed that the members shall be women
"who are descended In their own right
from some ancestor of worthy life who
came to reside In an American Colony
prior to 1750. which ancestor, or some one
of his descendants, being a lineal ascend
ant of the applicant, shall have rendered
efficient service to his country during the
colonial period, either In the founding- of
& commonwealth or of an Institution
which has survived and developed Into
importance, or who fchall have held an
Important position In the colonial govern
¦nient, and who. by distinguished services,
shall have contributed to the foundinsr of
this great and powerful nation." Services
rendered after 1776 do not entitle to mem
bership, but are accepted for supplemental
applications. There Is no admission ex
cept through colonial ancestry. The offi
cers are: President, Mrs. Justine Van
Rensselaer Townsend; first vice president,
Mrs- Gillespie. Philadelphia, Pa,; second
vice president, Mra. W. W. Gordon, Sa
vannah. Ga.; secretary. Mrs. William B.
Beed. £25 St. Paul street, Baltimore, Md.;
assistant secretary, Mrs. J. J. Jackson.
Baltimore, Md.; treasurer. Miss Elizabeth
Byrd Nicholas, S18 Connecticut avenue,
¦Washington, D. C; registrar, Mrs. Emil
RIchter. Portsmouth. N. H. There is an
other and distinct organization also called
the Colonial Dames of America Instituted
in New York City In 1800, of which Mrs.
T. M. Cheesman of 109 University place,
tra.t city, is secretary. It has chapters
In a number- of the States. Write to the
secretary for a circular of information.
"Slack a half bushel of unslacked lime
with boiling water, keeping It covered
during: the process strain it and add a
peck of salt that has been dissolved In
warm water, three pounds of ground rice
put in boiling water and boiled to a thin
paste, half a pound cf powdered Spanish
whiting: and a pound of clear glue dis
solved In ¦warm ¦water. Mix these ¦well to
gether and let the mixture stand for sev
eral days. Keep the wash thus prepared
In a kettle or portable furnace, and when
used put It on as hot as possible with
paint or whitewash brush."
BEST WHITEWASH— I. B,, CItv. The
following is said to be the best preparation
for Inside and outside whitewash. It is
that used by the United States Govern
ment:
LINCOLN AND THE "WARr-J. H..
City. Abraham Lincoln was assassinated
on the 14th of April, 1SC5, and died the
rext flay. General Lee surrendered to
Grant at Appomattox Courthouse April
9, 1SGS. and the Civil War was proclaimed
at tn end on the 20th of August following.
SCHOOL DISTRICTS— G.. City. A list
of the school districts of California may
be obtained from the State Superintendent
cf Public Instruction, Sacramento.
REVENUE STAMPS-EX E. F.. Oak
land. The market price by dealers for
two-cent revenue bank checks stamps are:
Blue, lmperforate 2 cents, part perforate
f.O cents and perforated (old paper) 1 cent;
orang-e, perforated Cold paper) 2 cents,
ellk paper CO cents.
CITT OF CHESTER— L. A.. City. Th«
•wreck of the City of Chester was on the
22d of August, 1SSS.
sent to this department are sent la as soon as
obtained and they appear In print tn the order
tht.t they are torncd la, as tpaoe -will permit.
Qrwtioni fire e&eily aekAd. out answers «x«
not *«u>lly obtained tn every Inrttnct, to If
correspondents do not see the answer two or
thre* day* after they send tn Use stjery they
fthould not feel dlMSpolsted.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
James R. Lowe, a merchant of San Jose,
accompanied by his wife, is staying at
the Calif osfiia.
Governor Gage -will arrive in the "city
to-day from Los Angeles and will be a
guest at the Palace.
I*. Grothwell, an Insurance man of
Stockton, Is spending a few days at the
California.
Louis F. Breuner, the furniture dealer
of Sacramento, is registered at the Grand.
jTudgre J. C. Daly of Ventura Is at the
cluifornla.
" H. M. Wheeler of Los Angeles Is a guest
at the Palace.
Judge J. M. Hughes of Sacramento Is
staying at the Lick.
George M. Mott of Sacramento la stay
ing: at the Occidental.
D. M. Drunheller. a liquor merchant of
Spokane, is at the California.
J. B. Hamilton, a druggist of Los An
geles, is a guest at the Occidental.,
C. G. Canter, a fruit raiser of San Jose,
registered at the Occidental yesterday.
PERSONAL MENTION.
About the only person who has not yet had a say to the public about the situation in China
is the Empress Dowager, and, yet there are people who. say a woman cannot hold her tongue
In the latest number of the Commoner, Bryan says: I am not planning for another Presi
dential nomination — if I were I would not be editing a paper." The young man talks as if he had
learned ; something since the last election.
A dispatch from South Africa announcing the capture of a Boer camp is almost always fol
lowed by another announcing the capture of a British troop, and consequently every time the British
public gets ready to cheer something happens to make it stick in the throat.
The prune growers who have been afraid they would have more prunes this season than
they could sell have been relieved from all anxiety on that point. 4 It looks now as if the combine
would have ample time to sell all the fruit it has on hand before another big crop comes in.
A grand jury sits In secret. It has authority to indict A'hom it chooses and upon what evi
dence it chooses. The accused has no right to demand a hearing, no right to confront his ac
cusers, no privilege to examine . those who testify against him. The ease with which such powers
can be used for partisan or malicious purposes has long been known; and it has repeatedly hap
pened in all parts of the country that grand juries have used their powers for the basest pur
poses. Rarely have they accomplished any good. Many times have they done much evil
and wrong. Sometimes they make reports, "whitewashing" incompetent or bad officials, and
sometimes they make reports casting suspicion upon innocent persons solely to gratify partisan
hostility or personal malice, ,
Why should any American citizen be subject to that kind of outrage? The question is per
tinent to more issues than the one now before the public. The Mayor, the Chief of Police and the
District Attorney.have been this time the victims of outrage,. but who can say where malice will
act next? The secret, sly, star chamber system of the Grand Jury is unworthy of American civil
izatioru It is a relic of bygone barbarism and should be abolished.
The American people have long noted the frequency of outrages committed by grand juries
in their reports, and again and again a call has been made for an; abolition of the system. The re
port of this Grand Jury will revive the question in San Francisco, because it exhibits in a striking
manner the terrible power placed in the hands of grand jurors and the injustice with which that
power is often used.
The Call is not now, nor has it ever been, an apologist for Mayor Phelan or for Chief Sul
livan. It has had many occasions to criticize the Mayor, and has done so without fear or favor.
No paper in the city or in the State has more severely condemned his shortcomings as an official,
or has more repeatedly pointed out to the people the frequency with which he has violated
his campaign pledges and the spirit of the charter of which he professes to be the foremost cham
pion. Recognizing, then, the full extent of the defects of the administration, The Call nevertheless
maintains that he and the Chief of Police and every other official is entitled to fair play and should
not be subjected to the style of attack that has been made in this instance.
¦ ' ? ¦ ¦ ¦ •
OF the report made by the Grand Jury concerning the Police Department fair-minded
and intelligent men will have but one opinion. From first to last the report shows evi
dence of partisan bias, of personal prejudice and something of malice. It is in fact in the
nature of an outrage against which it is the duty of good citizens to protest.
A GRAND JURY OUTRAGE.
THE public school teachers, and the friends of the public schools in this city, may well feel
uneasy at the prospect of subjecting the teachers to a most offensive, and, in the end, dan
gerous, partisan control.
There has been more intrigue in the present School Board and more fantastic injustice
toward the teachers than ever before in the history of our schools, the unfragrant time of the
"Tough Old Board" not excepted.. What the world called a "compact" between the Mayor and
the Examiner, but what has been characterized by the Mayor and sworn to as "an understand
ing," was a pledge in advance to give a partisan newspaper a finger in the school pie. Other "ap
pointments to the board seem to have recognized in the social clubs a right to representation in
'management of the schools, and the net result is a control that has founded the school system
upon intrigue, and given it over to interests that have no stake in the high purposes of common
school education except to use the power of its organization for the promotion of ambitions that
ought not to use teachers and janitors as horses to be ridden to. the wire- 1 — indifferent to their fate
thereafter.
The new regulation for the maintenance of an eligible list and its us'e.as a means to clear
out the whole teaching force at will is justly offensive to the teachers and injurious to the schools.
Under the new rule fifteen per cent of these eligibles are to be chosen from' educational insti
tutions that have a course in pedagogy, thirty-five per cent are to be selected at will from other
cities after having, shown unusual ability in teaching. The other fifty per cent of eligibles are to
be processed into place by mutual agreement of the members of the board. In selecting from this
list to be permanently appointed, numerical and chronological order will not be observed. By the
consolidation of classes it is possible to obsolete any teacher now in the department, who may go
upon the eligible list/provided it is not already full, but may remain there forever, with no guar
antee of re-employment unless possessed of a sufficient "pull" to get back.
This list is the only door that opens into the department. The graduates of the San Fran
cisco Normal School and the State Normal School must compete with Stanford and Berkeley
and fight for a place in the,, fifteen per cent of the list which is assigned to institutions where ped
agogy is taught, while more than twice as many places are subject to be filled by persons from
New York, Chicago, Boston — anywhere, when in the judgment of members of the board they
have shown unusual ability in teaching! This is the opportunity sought to' quarter on our tax
payers, relatives, friends or favorites of the board, from the East or anywhere outside of San Fran
cisco, while the graduates of our city normal school must take, their diplomas in hand and go beg
ging for the chance to earn bread among strangers. It discredits! that normal school, and dilutes
the value of its diploma, as its recognition is so limited" at home it will get less abroad.
Combined with the power to consolidate classes at will, and throw out teachers now in the
department, this plan for eligibles puts every teacher absolutely at the mercy of the board, and
effects just that disturbance which is the most inimical to good work in the schools. There is no
profession which requires the repose of certainty more than that of the teacher. Standing in loco
parentis, teachers have much of the responsibility and many of the cares of parents transferred to
them, without the sustaining influence of that affection which the child feels for the parent. The
manners, morals, cleanliness end physical safety of thousands of 'children of all .ages are handed
over by parents to teachers for one-third of the time every school day, from the time children are
five years old until they pass out of the public schools twelve years later. In that/period the teach
ers must not only administer the duty and functions of the parents, but they must train a gener
ation for citizenship, for the purposes of the state, and upon that training depends the vast future
of the government itself.
What other class carries such a burden? What other has such responsibilities? What other
deserves equal security of tenure and freedom from the afflictions of intrigue and the offensive
domineering of partisanship and personal self-seeking of' those who are in legal control of their
fate? . . . ''•-;*>';
In every respect in which the teachers should 1 be safe in their merit and experience, safe in
their tenure, safe in just and considerate treatment, this new plan strips them of all protection,
and by so doing injures the efficiency of their service.
We are well aware that the board is able to fall back on names'of great authority to jusiify
a system which it has sought for its own use and advantage; but neither the presidents of the
universities, nor their professors of pedagogy, nor the principal of the San Francisco Normal
School, nor the State Superintendent, can give reasons for the plan which overweigh those against
it. It is unjust to teachers, inimical to their best work, unfair to the graduates of our normal school
and treats contemptuously the right of our people to these preferments, merit being equal.
It leaves the board without a check or limit, bit or rein, beyond its own will, and that unguided
by knowledge or experience of practical teaching, unchastened by any sympathy with teachers, and
unrefined by any exalted appreciation of their high calling as the trustees of parents and
the patient sentinels of the safety of the state.
PARTISAN SCHOOLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
LIFE AND ART WORK
OF ARTHUR SULLIVAN, WHO MADE
MUSIC FOR THE WORLD.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
CAUSTIC CRITICISM
OF SIEGFRIED WAGNER'S LATEST
OPERA "HERZOG WILDFANG."
* •
18
Beginning May 1 Stoddard ft Son will ran «
dally stage line from Merced to Yosemlt» Falls,
connecting: -with the California limited. Leav-
ing: San Francisco at 9 a. m. to-day you ax*
at Yosemite Falls to-morrow afternoon at t.
The rate is $28 50 from San Francisco for th»
round trip, carrying you by way of Merced
bis trees.
The Santa Fe to Yosemite.
Pa— H'm! Well— er. Gloria Mondy Is the
name of a woman. I guess. And, lemma
see — "sic transit." H'm! I guess that's
got something to do with a ride in an am-
bulance. Now, go to bed.— Philadelphia
Press. .
"Wliiie— Pa, what's the meaning of "Bio
transit gloria mundl?" •
"¦Well, old man," said the copper, soft-
ening somewhat, "seeing you're bent oa
it, I suppose you might as well keep tha
money in the city. How big a game ara
you looking for?" — Puck.
A Guardian of Home Industries— "No,"
said the New York policeman, virtuously,
"there Is no gambling going on In this
etty!"
"Well! Well!" exclaimed the Btrangrer.
who was tiger-hunting, "I suppose I will
have to go to New Jersey. Where's tha
nearest ferry?"
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 63d Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at To-wnsend**.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO. CURES. PRICES.
l-FeTer», Congestions, Inflammations .23
2— Worm*, "Worm Fever, Worm Colic. .23
3— Teething, Collc.Crying.Wakefulnesa .25
4— Diarrhoea, of Children or Adults... .25
7-Conglm, Colds, Bronchitis JZS
8-Xenralgla, Toothache, Faceache 25
J>— Headache, Sick Headache, Vertigo. .23
1O— Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Weak Stom-
ach 25
11— Suppressed or Painful Periods .23
12— Whites, Too Profuse Periods 25
13— Cronp, Laryngitis, Hoarseness... .25
14— Salt Rhenm. Erysfpela3, Eruptions. .23
15— Rheumatism, Rheumatic Pains.... .25
1O— Malaria, Chills, Fever and Ague 25
1»— Catarrh, Influenza, Cold In the Head .25
20— Whooplng-Congh J27i
27— Kidney Diseases ... V ....... .23
2&— Xervons Debility 91.OO
SO— Urinary Weakness, Wetting Bed .25
77— Grip, Hay Fever .'. .25
. Sold by druggists, or sent on receipt at price.
8®*Dr. Humphreys* New Pooket Mraual
of all Diseases mailed free.
Humphreys' ' Medicine Co., Cor. "William and
John Bts.. New York.
Dr. Humphreys.
After fifty years Dr. Humphreys*
Specifics enjoy the greatest popularity
and largest sale in their history, due to
intrinsic merit They cure the sick.
B. KATSCHINSKI, g
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD ST., Sao Francisco, j
SWELL 1
PATENT LEATHER |
OXFORDS $1.95 B
Something real new and stylish. Ij
Perfect fitting oxford ties, that are M
made strictly , up to date and are m
considered the proper thing for full n
dress. Ladles' patent leather ox- I]
ford ties, coin toes and tips, circu- §j
lar. vamps and heel foxing, turned f.
soles and French heels. Reduced M
to $1.05- Sizes 3 to 7%. "Widths H
A to D. ¦ |!
Just out. 80-pasre Illustrated Cat- H
alogrue. Send -or one. W
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco. |Young Men Will All Marry
When they know they can buy . carpets
for a song. 84c for a carpet a yard wide.
Art Carpet Shop, 226-228 Powell street. •
Miss Kate Whittaker, principal teacher
of the cooking department of the public
schools, gave a practical demonstration of
how to cook a boiled chicken dinner at
Sherman & Clay Hall last evening. The
cooking was all done on the stag© in full
view of the audience, and many dainty
dishes were served. Pupils of the cook-
Ing school, gowned in neat white dresses,
passed among the audience samples of the
culinary art, and everybody was Invited
to taste the appetizing dish.. The pro
ceeds of the evening goes into the Teach
ers' Annuity Fund.
How to Cook Chicken Dinner.
The committee met. with A- C. Keane
In the chair. Work progressed rapidly
and this afternoon tlie convention elected
the following officers, who will serve the
league for the coming term: President,
A. C. Keane; first vice president, H.
EAN RAFAEL. April 27.— The sixth
semi-annual convention of the Debating
League of California assembled here this
morning in the High School HalL The
principal work of the delegates was an
extensive revision cf the constitution of
the league. For this purpose a constitu
tional committee was formed as follows:
Frederick Heinz, St. Matthews; Miss Mas
Cummings, Oakland; A. C. Calish, Com
mercial Evening High School. San Fran
cisco; B. Silverstein. Oakland Evening
High School; D. Dickinson, Stockton; W.
Gehan. Lodl; R. Dougherty. Mission; D.
Pendleton, Humboldt Evening; H. Boyen,
San Rafael; A. C. Kcane, Lowell.
Special Dlepateh to TTse Call.
Debating League of Cali
fornia Meets in San
YOUNG ORATORS
MATCH LOGIC
The Metal Trades Association of Em
ployers has nearly 6,000 workmen and it is
believed that there will be no strike
among these. More than 90,000 other union
and non-union machinists have no arbi
tration agreements with their employers
and strikes are expected in all the shops
and factories in which the demand for
the nine-hour day is not granted
NEW YORK, April 27.— One hundred
thousand machinists throughout the
United States may strike on May 20th for
a nine-hour working day. Notice to all the
machinery manufacturers in the country
was sent out by the International Asso
ciation of Machinists to-day to the effect
that 150,000 machinists will demand the
nine-hour work day on May L The em
ployers will be ' given until May 20th to
make known their intentions. An arbitra
tion agreement exists between the Na
tional Metal Trades Association of Em
ployers and the International Association
of Machinists ief erring all grievances to
a permanent board of arbitration. '
One Hundred Thousand
Machinists May Stop
Work.
GREAT STRIKE
TO BE ORDERED
The league has no official standing In
the school system of the State, but edu
cators have given It their earnest support
and are gratified at the prosperity which
attends It. The membership Is composed
almost wholly of high school students
from the many schools throughout the
State.
Boyen: second vice president, William
Gehan; secretary, W. Graham; treasurer,
H. Keyes.
At noon to-day the delegates eat down
to heavily laden tables in the library.
During the feast speeches were made by
delegates. This evening: a debate took
place in Gordon's Opera-house between
teams from the Lowell and Lodl High
pchools. The subject was: . "Resolved,
That the United States should exercise a
suzerainty over Cuba." Lowell, repre
sented by Leon E. Morris, Horatio Haw
kins and Joseph P. Lucy, took the affirm
ative, while the negative fell to Lodl, rep
resented by L. Brown, I. VIckerson and
Charles F. Llllle. The Lodl High School
team won the debate.
CUBANS APPEAL
FOR ASSISTANCE
President Confers 'With
the Island Delega
tion.
All Now Depends on Early
Formation of a Gov
ernment.
WASHINGTON. April 27.— The Cuban
delegation completed its labor In Wash
ington to-day. In the morning the dele
gates met Secretary Root,, who escorted
them to the White House, where they
had a final and decisive talk with the
President. Then they paid visits of cour
tesy to each of the officials whom they
have met, and finally they started for
New York at 11 o'clock to-night, home
ward bound. They will sail for Havana
Wednesday.
The proceedings at the> White House
were interesting and Important. Senor
Capote acted as spokesman for the dele
gation. He thanked the President for the
many courtesies shown them, which they
accepted as expressions of good will to
the Cuban people. He invited the Presi
dent to visit Cuba to see for himself the
conditions ln the Islands and learn from
contact with the inhabitants of the love
and affection which the Cubans have for
the United States and their appreciation
of what it has done for them in their
struggle for freedom.
Senor Capote asked the President to do
something for the Cubans upon an eco
nomic line, and especially ln the matter
of reciprocal trade relations. He said
that it was especially desirable to have
something of this kind done before the
next crop was harvested, in order that
the Cubans might see the advantages to
them of close political and economic re
lations with the United States.
In reply the President said it was im
possible to settle the economic, questions
until the political questions were disposed
of. He told the delegates first to form
their government and then they would be
in a position to enter into negotiations
with the United States as to trade rela
tions.
Senor Capote responded that something
ought to be done while the Cuban Gov
ernment was forming. He thought that
while the United States was exercising
control there might be arrangements per
fected similar to those under- contempla
tion by the Secretary of War in 1S98.
when the Government first passed under
control of the United States. He told the
President that the Cuban republic did
not wish to be born in poverty and rags,
and if It could not be wealthy it would at
least prefer to have something with which
to support Itself and to have Its people
in a prosperous condition.
Government Must Be First.
The President agrain reverted to the fact
that under the present conditions, as the
Secretary of War had advised them, hs
did not see how It was possible to settle
any economic questions before the Cuban
government was formed. He would ap
point commissioners immediately after a
government was organized to negotiate
with similar commissioners from the Cu
ban government for reciprocal trade rela
tions, and he believed that the United
States would be ready to deal in a man
ner which would be beneficial to both
countries. He thanked the delegation for
the Invitation to visit the islands and told
them to assure the Cuban people of his
friendly interest ln them and his desire
to see them contented and prosperous.
Senor Capote, speaking to Secretary
Root, expressed the hope that in the In
terviews that haa been held he had said
nothing in his earnestness in argument
which was In any way offensive. The
Secretary replied that, on the contrary,
he highly appreciated the arguments of
Senor Canote and his knowledge of the
questions had Increased his admiration
and resnect for the legal abilities and
keenness of the Cuban people. The dele
gates then shook hands with the Presi
dent and departed. General Capote later
said:
Views of the Dslegates.
"We have concluded our business here.
We have had two Interviews with the
President and four with the Secretary of
War, during which all the matters we
came to discuss had the fullest and most
minute consideration. We came to con
sider the relations between Cuba and the
United States and these, both political
and economical, have had the most care
ful attention. We return to Cuba and
will refer to the constitutional convention
all the information we have obtained — in
formation which is highly important and
interesting." •
General Capote spoke in high terms of
Secretary Root. He said that the ques
tions were of national Importance, and
that the conferences were conducted with
the care that the serious matters under
consideration demanded.
General Wood also left to-night for
Florida, whence he will sail on a Gov
ernment vessel for Cuba. Mrs. Wood,
rho came on with the Governor General
to visit her Bister, who was formerly Miss
Condlt-Smith, and whom she had not
seen since the latter* s experience at
Peking during the siege there, returned
with her husband. '
General Wood had an hour's talk with
the President to-day before his departure.
He did not care to speak for publication
of his opinion of the result of the visit
of the Cuban Commission. There has
been a mutual understanding between the
parties to the conferences that have been
h.ld that no specific statement as to re
sults should be given out on either side
in advance of the commission's report to
the constitutional convention. There are
many political jealousies among the Cu
bans at home, and General Wood said
anything made public at this time might
be liable to misconstruction and lead to
friction. General Wood, however, does
not hesitate to state that the Cubans
have been impressed with the treatment
they have received and the attentions
shown them, and to say that undoubtedly
they return with a more correct under
standing of the meaning of the terms of
the Platt amendment and of the sincere
desire of the American Government to
put Guba on her feet as an independent
Government than they had before.
Has Not Leased Eugene Opera-house.
S. H. Friedlander, formerly of the Cali
fornia Theater, and now in Portland, Or.,
writes to correct a statement that has
gone the rounds to the effect that he has
leased the opera-house In Eugrene, Or.
Mr. Friedlander has not leased that or
any other opera-house, nor transacted
any managerial business since he was in
jured in Denver in December last. The
manager is, however, well on the way to
complete"recovery, and is expected to ar
rive in San Francisco durlner the coming:
week. Several flattering: offers to enter
ag-aln the amusement field in San Fran
cisco have been made to Mr. Friedlander,
but he has as yet nothing definite to say
on the fjuestion.
In many respects the trial concluded has
been remarkable, especially for the prom
inence of the witnesses and the Important
¦positions they occupy in the community.
Philbrook prosecuted his own case and
Judge Paterson was represented by E.
S. Pillsbury, W. S. Wood and William B.
Basley. ¦
Judgment has been, entered agralnst
Horace W. Philbrook in his slander suit
against ex-Supreme Court Justice Van R.
Paterson. A unanimous verdict ln favor
of Judge Paterson and against the claim
ant was found by the jury sitting ln Judge
Murasky's court yesterday afternoon.
Philbrook claimed that he had been dam
aged in the sum of $100,000 through the ut
terance by Judge Paterson on July 11,
1900. of the statement that Philbrook was
crazy on the subject of fraud and cor
ruption; that he had seen Philbrook en a
boat after an interview in which he was
abusing certain people, gazing into the
heavens and talking like a crazy man.
Judge Paterson admitted that he uttered
the words stated, but denied that such ut
terance was slanderous or that the plain
tiff, through their utterance, had suffered
damage ln the sum named or in anv sum
at all. The jury has sustained his con
tention. . .
Those who served on the Jury are the
following named:
Robert C. Mayes. John Kllngel, Thomas
Corbett. George" W. Rickey. Anslem Ellas,
Adolph Schenkberg. H. fiichorn, Lansing
M. Rlngwalt, Walter S. Brown, Thomas
Gallagher, Bernard Sherry and Edward
Deady. ?
Just before noon yesterday Philbrook
concluded his closing argument with an
expression of regret that the time allowed
him by the court had expired and that
hence he was restrained from elucidating
matters which he had in mind. Judge
Murasky then charged the jury. He dwelt
at length upon the law of slander and Im
pressed the jury with the fact that the al
leged slanderous statement by Judge Pat
erson, having been made in his private of
fice to Judge Nusbaumer, was privileged
and that the plaintiff could not recover
unless It had been shown by the evidence
that the utterance complained of had been
actuated by malice. Judge Murasky also
instructed the jury that as Philbrook s
effort to connect Judge Paterson with an
alleged conspiracy to ruin him, members
of the Supreme and Superior benches be
ing alleged parties to the conspiracy, had
failed, they must dismiss such charges
from their mind and cast them aside in
their deliberation. Philbrook entered an
exception to some instructions given and
another exception to the action of the
court in refusing to give other instruc
tions asked by him.
The jury, in charge of the Deputy Sher
iff, was taken to lunch and a few minutes
after returning announced that a verdict
had been reached. The jury was taken
into court and the decree recorded. JPhil
brook and his wife, who was ln court,
manifested no surprise at the verdict,
though during the trial their every action
evidenced their belief that a judgment
would be found and entered ln their favor.
Instructions of Court Elimin
ate the Charge of
Conspiracy.
Jury Decrees That Phil
brook Was Not
Slandered.
FINDS VERDICT
FOR PATERSON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAT, APRIL 28, 1901.
19
OCEAH j TBAVEL.
PI LACE CURTAINS.
f IT5 PAIRS IRISH POINTS, DUCHESSE AND POINT DE PARIS CURTAINS .
* 556 PAIRS ST. GALL AND SAXONY BRUSSELS CURTAINS.
212 PAIRS ST. GALL TAMBOUR SWISS MUSLIN CURTAINS.
H II i I ft| AA * J (tuA The one, two and three palp lots accumu-
ISbS Til IlQ i.inQPrSiSSil lated from the big Lace Curtain purchase
fillS 1U UU UlUOllUUUI will be closed out regardless o« the cost.
SOME OF* THE BARGAINS.
$3 00 Lace Curtains, fine value*, assort- $6.00 values go at, a pair..»3.OO 112.00 Real Brussels Lac© Cur-
ed styles, to be closed out 1 Kf| 5 7 - 60 values gro at, a pair..«8.75 tains, special, to close out, at.
at, special, a pair 1«OU $10.00 values go at, a pair.. gfj.OO a pair 85.75.
H.00 Lace Curtains, fine values, assort- g!3! valufs fo at! a SSrljflKo .*** values *>•¦*. * Palr.-88.OO
ed styles, to be closed outQ (\(\ $5.00 Real Brussels Lace Curtains, |18.00 values go at, a pair. .80.00
at. Bpecial. a pair UU ¦ p^:.. t . 0 ..!?. 0 . 8 .?.. < !^.!!: tf g a 3So $20.00 values go at, a pair
' $5.00 Lace Curtains, fine values, assort- $s!b6 "Real" Brussels* 'Lace Curtains, ""••••• " 811.OO
**^ ed styles, to be closed outQ PZ(\ special, to close out, at. a pair $25.00 values go at. a Pair
at, special, a pair Z«t>vF S4.5O 815. OO
TAKE MISSION-ST. CAR-TAKE F!LLMORE-ST. CAR.
.Saturday, May 18, 2 p. m.
I D. SPRECKELS & BROS. GO., Canera! Agents. 327 Market It
Otn'l Passangsr Offira, 643 Market St., Pisr Ko. 7, Pacific St
Monday, April 29. at 11 a. m.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu) for Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Thursday, May 9. 10 a, m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
occanics.sxo.sSs
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
TANIS SAILS ABOUT APRIL 30. 190L '
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.,
General Agents, 327 Market st.
Passenger and Ticket Office, 643 Market st.,
•San Francisco.
KOSMOS LINE.
Regular callings for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports, Central, South America, etc.
COHPAGNIS GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -j**^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <S$krr?rs
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, ~«y?«S«
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre. *45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, SI
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
PUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 6 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Atrents.
Of the Pyramid Pile Cure
Ts tho fact that It cures every form of
Piles without one particle of pain. This de-
sirable point is not obtained by the use of
Injurious opiates which simply deaden and
paralyze the nerves of the parts and make
matters worse in the long run. But it is
done solely by its remarkably heallngr and
soothing effects. And while it thus gives
immediate relief, at the same time the
disease is not merely checked, but a radi-
cal cure is rapidly accomplished. And the
point we want to make clear is that all
this Is done without a particle of pain.:
The Pyramid Pile Cure has been before
the public too long and its merits recog-
nized by too many, people to allow it to
be classed with the many salves, supposi-
tories, pills, etc., and you run no risk in
trying it. as is often the case with new
and untried preparations. If you are ever
troubled with any form of piles or rectal
disease do not forget the Pyramid Pile
Cure. Prepared by Pyramid Drug Co.,
Marshall, Mich., and sold by all druggists
at 50 cents per package.
ONE OF THE BEST FEATURES
ZLsTOIMIIE,
TELLER. ST. MICHAEL and all YUKON
RIVER POINTS.
From San Francisco.
BS. ROANOKE Sails May 15
SS. SANTA ANA Sails
For tickets or freight space write or apply
UNION TICKET OFFICE.
630 Market st., S. F.
N. A. T. & T. CO.
Golofnin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller
Steamship Ruth
fwr. s. HIGGINS. Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight rates call or address
H. R. DtTFFIN. Agent.
638 Market Street, opp. Palace Hotel,
SAN FRAXaSCO.
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc.
S. S. VALENCIA,
J. M. LANE, Master.
Will Leave SAN FRANCISCO.
MAY 24, 1901,
And Seattlo
» MAY 30, 1901.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING CO.,
SO CALIFORNIA STREET. SAN FRANCISOOL
Cor. of First ave. and Tesler way. Seattle.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Sailing Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora" May 1 May 7.
"Conemaugh"...May 25 June 10.
"Portland" May » .......
"St. Paul" Juna 1 June t.
•"Dora" will sail via Junean, Valfea, Vn^ m \
Vnga. and Unalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par*
tlculars apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
S10 San some Street. San Francisco.
Nome, Teller and St. Michael
VIA SEATTLE^
S, S. JNO. S, KIMBALL
(Capacity 300 Passengers, 200ft Ton* Freight).
. The Finest of the Nome Fleet.
Sailing May 25th from San Fran-
cisco and June 1st from Seattle.
For freight and tickets apply office.
CONKUN & CO., 667 Market St.,
CHAS. CONKLIN.
A. L. APPLEWHITE. Agts.
Phone Main 6S37.
60 TONS COLD-STORAGE CAPACITY.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS VTltXt LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received en board oa day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May t. 190t
S3. AMERICA MARU..Wednesday. May 19. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.. Saturday. June 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and pmaaaga apply at company's offlc*.
i2l Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, Otaenl Ajktc. ,
OCEAN TRAVEL
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pacific, Coast. Steamship Co.
fa NOME
"*m®«Sj GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
i Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
I and Splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
] I>avlne SEATTLE May 30th.
Th» Senator made five trips to Noire last
rear, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
i loss, mlshao or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery Street.
' GOODALL,. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market Street.
i Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•y Steamers leave Broadway
i m, wharf. Ban Francisco:
lycHw For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
• I»l^^s3*i April 21. 26, May 1. Change to
; ?£$SrSftJv'!TS Company's steamers at Se-
'\ fis&iiv^li! For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I ft§3X2«ae*l C). Port Townsend. Seattle,
]}f *^«BSg)|w^fl Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New "tt'hatcom (Wash.)—
a. m.. April 21. 26. May land
every fifth day thereafter. Chanse at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.:
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bajr — 2 p. m.. April
18 23 26, May 8. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Rednndo (Los An^
Eeles)— Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays. 9 a. in.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ncos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro <Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
nlta Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay. Ban Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Paa, Santa Rosa-
lia snd Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
ro F""r further Information obtain company's
C The S 'company reserves the right to chang«
Eteamers. nailing: dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. ¦¦
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montromery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS b CO.. Gen. Agt»..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
> PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short' Rail Line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all raU r>r stentnsMo and rail, at
LOTVEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
S3. COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May >
BS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8. IS. 28. May 8
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.. S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW T0RK. 80UTH»MPTOU. LONDON. PABI8.
Stopping at Cherbourtr, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul May 81 St. Paul May r»
St. Louis Mayls'St. Louis June 5
.New York May 22 New York June 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesdey. 12 noon.
Friesland May 8|Kenslngton May 29
Southwark May 15! Zeeland June 5
Pennland May 22' Friesland June 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
¦ PANAMA R.R.SS-"'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40.
6. S. Arfeyll sails Saturday, May II
8. 6. sails Monday, May 2O
6. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, - Juno 3
From Harrison-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 230 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
*nd CIA SUD A.V ERIC ANA ' E VAPCRE^
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf. 13 m^
PERU May 31 PALENA May JO
GUATEMALA .May 15! LOA June 12
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (N<>
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOTJR, GUTHRIB & CO., Gen. Agent*
DOES NOT DISAPPOINT.
The New Discovery for Catarrh Seems
to Possess Remarkable
Merit.
A new catarrh cure has recently ap-
peared which so far" as tested has been
remarkably successful in curing all forms
of catarrh, whether In the head, throat,
bronchial tubes, or In stomach ajid liver.
The remedy is in tablet form, pleasant
and convenient to take and no special
secrecy is maintained as to what it con-
tains, the tablet being a scientific combi-
nation of Guaiacol, Eucalyptol, Sangulna-
ria Hydrastin and similar valuable and
harmless antiseptics. ,
This safe and effective catarrh cure may
be found at any drug store under name
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
Whether the catarrh is located In tho
nose throat, bronchial tubes or stomach,
the tablets seem to act with equal suc-
cess removing the stuffy feeling in head
and nose, clearing the mucous membrane
of throat and trachae from catarrhal se-
cretions, which cause the tickling, cough-
ine hawking and gagging so annoying to
every catarrh sufferer.
Nasal catarrh generally leads to ulcera-
tion in some cases to such an extent as
to destroy the nose entirely and in many
old cases of catarrh the bones of the head
become diseased. Nasal catarrh gradually
extends to the throat and bronchial tubes
and very often to the stomach, causing
that very obstinate ; trouble, catarrh of
the stomach. "
Catarrh is a systemic poison. Inherent in
the blood, and local washes, douches,
salves, inhalers and sprays can have no
effect on the real cause of the disease.
An internal remedy which acts upon the
blood is the only rational treatment, and
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets Is the safest of
all internal remedies, as well as the most
convenient and satisfactory from a mefll-
cal standpoint.
Dr. Eaton recently stated that he had
successfully used Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets in old chronic cases, even where ul-
ceratfon had extended so far as to destroy
the septum of the nose. He says: "I am
Sleasantly surprised almost every day
y the excellent results from" Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets. It is remarkable how
effectually they remove the excessive se-
cretion and bring about a healthy condi-
tion of the mucous membranes of- tho
nose, throat and stomach."
All druggists sell complete treatment of
the tablets at 50 cents, and a little book
giving the symptoms and causes of the
various forms of catarrh ¦will be- mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Mar-
shall. Mich.
37-Inch BLACK ~ 43-Inch
Black ' Black
Cheviots, l/ilLV-F^ Suitlngj
• Ot/C 21c
Yard. SALE Yard.
We make a specialty of oar Black Dress Goods Depart-
ment. ' .
In order to stimulate trade in this line and to introduce
some of our most fashionable novelties we inaugurate a Black
Gjods Sale, to begin at 8 a. m. to-morrow.
Don't fail to see our lines before choosing elsewhere.
BLACK VENETIAN CLOTH-Hcavy quality for outin*
dresses — pure wool, fast black, 50 inches wide — sponged, shrunk and
ready for use — one of the best 85c cloths we have ever ez.fir' \/ A
seen— a special this week OUC Y QPQ
Market-street store only.
BLACK CAMEL'S HAIR CHEVIOT-The most popular
fabric for summer wear and a good dust shaker — just the thine for trav-
eling dresses — separate skirts, etc. — 42 inches wide — this is our 75c grade
—on special sale for one week at A/ *\
t-^C YQPQ
Market-street store only.
BLACK GRANITE SUITING -A firm, serviceable fabric for
every day dresses, shirt waists, etc. — a good lustrous black — 38 inches
wide — all wool and mohair — our line on special sale cit\~ -%r j
this week 29c Yard
Marke'-strset store only.
BLACK PIEROLA NOVELTIES-For calling dresses and
separate skirts there is nothing as rich as Pierola suitings— blistered pat-
terns in a fast black dye with a very silky finish — 42 inches wide —
smr.ll designs and striped effect9— our $1.00 and $1.25 «Q r y «
line special for one week OiJC YQFQ
Market-street store only.
WASH GOODS— Over 50 different patterns of summer dimities just
came in — pretty for waists or dresses or for children's wear — small
stripes, dots and fijrures in endless varieties and in an immense line of
shadings — bought to sell at I2}4c, put on as a special „ t «. -
to boom the trade • 2^ lara
Market-street store only.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. TUBS.. WED.. THURS. AND 8AT..
at 9:45 a. m., 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a. m., 8 d. m. Landing and office, Mla-
¦lon-st. Dock, Pier No. S. Telephone Main IMS.
JB^T^AlJ^jaiVEBSTEAMCTLS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
2SOSCELLANEOTJS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE STORE THAT SAVES YOU MONEY.
The name stands for all that is best in house-
furnishings at lowest prices* A one-price establishment*
All goods marked in plain figures*
j^^ -~ B
FINE CHIFFONIERS, f fc i| p f T § 'm^mu^mS'-
aid maple Chiffonier p ; -> — ~ "» ~^* -S5p
Is exceptionally well OVR s p™*° stock^in aia the t>tf- ( WT—^ v «^. ¦^^.¦ e =~^
mafle and Is highly FERENT GRADES NOW COMPLETE. gfflffi^ MgK
polished; SPECIALS FOR THIS WEEK.
& standards; Tas five V C I V e t S V^oZ& t 'W\£Z W If WM I Q fl fl
'large drawers; is w w to $1.15 to $1.85. . 1 AEw'I' lUlUl/l
over 3 feet wide: We call attention to our Cj2v C3*7~fyFayfa%^ # +U
f^ika w- New Weave f n^pains 5>^^^' : O^ / 25.°°
el plate; cast brass • o **" ' *""
trimmings, etc In Brussels effects. _ _ _
a line of old weavb inorains Round Top Extension Tables—
If tt EZd\ 'from 25c per yard. 60-inch ln diameter, extends 8 feet, solid oak all
H H j3U throug-h. piano polish top: heavily molded sides;
H g v -^ a __ _ le&s 64 inches thick; popular twist effects. It's !
¦ ¦ • KfinC f Wit me: I U*«rec? I a table y° u should see. for it's a bargain.
iMjUbi i\UU9i B\UuS« There's no larger assortment of high grade
. . "-* cJ tables in California than ours, and bargains
drLse^Tto SaTcT* Th « laiWt - M1^ B * llt * §n ' OrelSn *** (tor instance)-*!! that I
OomesUo. ever shown. modern art can do to beautify; hand carved.
M»l<AWAnii T**f* We offer a SPECIAL SALE of hand poliehed. No exorbitant rent figured into
raatlOgany I OP Scotch Weave Axminsters °" ""'"" |n__i J__i
i ~>^. -*-m^ M (l»J"re carpet size*).
P 3n0r At ss^sojfcXj, $ro
w f ' If 3 Qfl Japanese Matting!
li 1 ! fl .. . ln man y new novel effects. v-^ /• -^a^S^c^ik^ilij -^S JS 1 J^jrM
m i b Wnrth Ch!na from uw> p " T ro11 of 40 yardB - Bi^^^w^rtsi^-"^^! -w
U H fl Japane*« (cotton warp) from $7.00 per roll. 7E??r*rt&&-km&i&> l )£%Gi£sh2itt^ .™
B?l^«^«»A»**_ H R r\f\ 100 warehouM sample rolls, at uniform price of r 1 J^4§^^^^^tW^T*fi^i fi
JP= S **HP 5S «'*S^ B D.UO. 09.50 per roll of 45 yaris. W/mK^^S^^ £f ? -P$
/ i^rJIzL*! TMb Table " Bome ™ rth m to ns vtT ro11 ' ;?1'iH|l^%^^ *&'Wm
Jb^-fh§^feJL k P 01 " 1 "" 1 Inlaid Linoleum, ' ''w^lwi^i IjSI *^\B ||
I < - s *"£i3g"j% cak or English and American, fr^^^^^^^^^lL^^^*^
Also Remnants of Oilcloths and Printed LJno- pM j/^m|m I? )fJ
IU MAHOGANY FRONT —«—-«— g| *W §;
PARLOR DESK. INLAID MAHOGANY FRONT golden oak sideboards.
__, . . . ¦¦limn mniiipvn Fine sideboards, similar to cut, stand 6 feet
*M^-lf LJIS"!JJ!'"^3 >' *¦ Thla d a ln tv M l\ I flAR NfT\ « inches high, 48 inches long, haa a French
,^£i^~— "~££~-^Spk r-nd artistic lilUOlU ifHD'lfLlOl bevel mirror 16x40; a beautiful pattern— made
irar/x**-. 1 ' 'HP- ' " yIM t pcH**' In highly polished golden oak. Regular valu«
r E+.£('7-,l " IC&. '7T i «,,, .,.,„- $60.00, sale price $30.00.
fm^—M^ 0^' Wr^m^M us c e^?ur°- f Price, $9.75
f.p-0^ ¦ ** lOT "TMfii a PPrmi n!turo The New
kr^q « - — JjLUt P° Ilehed - AwttL* || stands 43 ' I1C CV V MJ8*^JJj^JUAJV
\1 IT I S a erttr 9 for Ifgf fa\ i^^ Bl<Oad Al#m t^^^jS
\l I ' j£ § polished; /VIot*t*3c frt JT^ * Wv
11 I. materials, Kf neatly in- ITlv/I 1 Id f^jW'WH
f I ..¦./- S" \&\S£'- c^U^m-
BRASS AND ENAMELED BEDS Mf ft r£*r II^SSSsMm
\ f £ **V«C | "*" 7"' *"- -^ " t KlirAIn ANU nuUPHOLoTLn Undoubtedly and without question the very
I Ti>^ 'I^EST V f ** F * r * 3 PHRIflR PIIPNITIIRF framJVVmLsiv^desi'^ne^anTorisinal!
LlrV-A i O S rMnLUn rUntlllUnCi workmanship first-class. Front and sides of
C««^ ¦ I Z* 4 — — „ fl ,^ , ,.,^ , f I frame are richly carved, has large, comfortable
TO " " " ' ' ~^~ I j Send to our contract department and arms, carved back, patent detachable hinge at-
s ""S.t'« ¦*¦¦¦ T-i. i , . gt i Wd Trill call and submit plans, designs, chaiiMB finished in* golden* oak,' Flemish "oak!
_ _ . .,j^«. ,^i,, o( , T-^-r. photos and decorative schemes for or mahogany. Loose reversible cushions, hair
Se'd B^r^fh^xtrl h^ r^ts *™ aPPr ° Val frCS ° C D ° n>t K'rn^ofTe^rs.^in S7S&3? tSW
spindles head and foot, beauti- r QQ HELLO: MISSION 285. 'forT^t obtainiwe in^ny'Ltlcle 0^ Q 7R
fully enameled and offered this H UU . library or parlor furniture at double H. /O
¦week at only Ul — , *^~~*~- —^-> — w-n. — >— -^-> — . — . — the Drice wi ¦ wMISS AGOUST, A MEMBER OF THE CLEVER FAMILY OF JUGGLERS,
TKAT IS TO BEGIN A STAR ENGAGEMENT AT THE ORPHEUM
THIS AFTERNOON.
merely a "stage family" but are branches
of one tree. They have reduced juggling 1
to a science, and in the demonstration
thereof combine clever comedy with their
work.
They jug-gle eating utensils and other
necessaries to a well appointed table. One
part of their act consists of a bombard
ment by three Agousts of one Agoust.
The ammunition consists of plates, and
elxty rounds are fired across the stage
as rapidly as possible. "When the battery
has exhausted its fire the one Agoust Is
standing calmly behind three stacks . of
uncracked china. A tureen filled with
steaming hot soup Is another article with
which they juggle. The tureen is forced
through the most startling evolutions,
but never, a drop of soup escapes from
the receptacle.
The family consists of the father,
mother, three sons and one daughter.
Like New Mown Hay.
The odor of the fresh, new mattings.
Elegant designs and colors, 9c to 21c. Art
Carpet ; Shop, 226-228 Powell street/ •
The members of the California Petrole
um Miners' Association are sat'sfled that
the decision of Secretary of the Interior
Hitchcock will settle the controversy that
has raged between the mineral locators
and the scrippers for a long period. Pres
ident Crane of the Association calls at
tention to the fact that the fight has been
carried on with much vigor by the body of
which he is the head. It was through
the representations of the Petroleum Min
ers' Association, he says, that Land Com
missioner Binger Hermann was induced
to come to California to look the ground
over for himself. While here he collected
photographs of the lands that were in
controversy and these figured in reach-
Ing an understanding of the real facts at
Washington. When the issue was at its
most acute stage, the California Miners'
Association and the Petroleum Miners'
Association acted together, as will be re
called, and the California Miners' Associ
ation adopted strong resolutions concern-
Ing the scrippers and their clalmB. Now
that the decisions have been rendered
many companies that have been waiting
will go ahead again, having an idea that
their land titles will not be disturbed.
Wells In Humboldt
David E. Gordon furnishes an account
of the petroleum prospecting in Humboldt
County. He writes that as a matter of
fact, oil development has only Just begun
In Humboldt. As far back as 1S65 an ef
fort was made in that direction and the
evidences of the work then performed are
still evident at Petrolia and in the Bear
River section. A few years ago a well was
drilled more than 1200 feet in the vicinity
of Briceland, about 85 miles from Eureka.
For some reason the well was capped but
the town of Briceland is being lighted
with natural gas from the pioneer well,
and the gas is also used for heating and
cooking purposes. Some of the owners are
Inclined to resume work at the Briceland
well, believing that oil will reward them.
A number of wells were begun in Mattole
Valley proper last year and some gratify
ing results were obtained. Particularly
was this the case in McNutt Gulch. E. M.
Hoagland of Oakland is in charge of drill
ing operations on the Etter place in the
upper Mattole Valley. At Joels Flat, on
the Jesse Walker possessions, five miles.
north from Petrolia, a well is being drilled
under th*» direction of Sidney Stone. One
well was filled with water, last year, and
abandoned. Another well will be drilled
Dear the first welL Mr. Smith Is preparing
to drill two wells, one at Table Bluff and
the other In Mattole Valley. The Arcata
Oil Company Is developing lands in the vi
cinity of Arcata In the search for oil, at
Dows Prairie and In other localities.
There are reports of oil indications In oth
er sections of Humboldt County, but Mr.
Gordon says that definite Information
concerning them Is lacking.
The oil producers of the northwest ex
tension of the Los Angeles field have
troubles in the shape of limited facilities
for the caring of their product according
to the Los Angeles Times. Lack of cheap
transportation has forced producers to
dispose of their surplus at what It would
bring. The product of the field Is about
10,000 barrels per month, the oil being 15
to 16 gravity. As the transportation rates
are 15 cents per barrel the oil can be deliv
ered in Los Angeles at 75 cents. There Is
no standard price and the producers are
at sea.
Association Plans.
It is supposed that the will of the oil
producers 'will soon be known concerning
the plan that has been prepared by the
committee representing the producing
companies within a short time. The com
ments on the plan, which was published
exclusively In The Call, are generally fa
vorablo In this city where many of the
Mineral Locators of Oil
Are Satisfied With
Decision.
SCRIPPERS ARE
WHOLLY ROUTED
"Wedding Invitations and visiting cards
engraved and printed. Correct forms and
moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. . •
leading companies have representatives.
The lack of system that has resulted in
having every company fighting to get a
market, independently, with the inevita
ble fall in price, has been a lesson to the
producers that will help to get them to
gether, if the predictions heard at this end
of the line are correct.
The Truckee Republican says that an
oil excitement is probable on account of
the discovery at Verdi, Nev., of what are
taken for indications of oil. "In fact, an
excitement is now in its inciplency, and
poor ranchers, who have been struggling
along for years, making perhaps little
more than a bare existence, are placing
fabulous prices on their sagebrush and
rock piles."
A. L. Darrow has made a proposition to
the Chamber of Commerce of Stockton
to place a well-drilling outfit on the
ground within twenty miles of Stockton
before May 31 and drill for oil if the peo
ple of Stockton will subscribe for 20,000
shares of stock at 50 cents per share, the
subscription to be guaranteed before May
15. The secretary of the Chamber of
Commerce has Invited Darrow to person
ally present his proposition at Stockton.
Notss of Industry.
The system of extracting by compressed
air was not a success in the McKittrick
district, according' to the Bakersfield Cal
ifornian. The reason assigned is that the
ojl is of higher gravity than that in the
Kern River district, where the experi
ment succeeded.
The Peerless Company, in the Kern
River district, recently turned off a con
signment of fourteen carloads of oil,
which is said to have been the largest
quantity yet shipped by a single company.
The Bakersfleld Callfornian says that
Special Land Agent Ryan will recommend
that the Land Department cancel home
stead entries on oil lands in the Kern
River district that were filed at the time
the scrippers were causing so much con
sternation.
Work has begun on an oil well on the
Huffman-Crocker land near Merced. The
derrick Is about completed and the ma
chinery Is ready to put in place.
The Mining and Engineering Review
ascertains that since petroleum was first
struck In the Lucas well at Beaumont,
January 10, ninety-six oil companies have
been chartered in Texas and four In other
States for the purpose of developing the
Texas oil fields, a great majority of them
Intending to operate in Beaumont. These
100 companies have an aggregate capital
of J28.537.000. The smallest capital is $5000
and the largest $5,000,000. There are six
companies with a capitalization of $1,000,
000 each and fifteen of $500,000 or greater,
not Including the ones specified.
Using Compressed Air.
The Eakorsfleld Califorolan gives an ac
count of the trial of pumping oil by means
of compressed air that "was made by the
Euclid Company in the Kern River dis
trict. It was a success. The Californlan
says: •
A short tlm» a*o the Euclid, on 30, 28, 28,
decided to try the experiment, which Is re
ported to have turned out as successful as
could have been wished. , Instead of being
troubled wltlj the wearing out of machinery
and consequent delays the company has been
able to remove all the oil from its wells, to
gether with whatever sand was carried, and
pebble* as large as almonds have floated to
the surface, assuring: a free hole In. the future
and giving promise that the vexatious stop
pages of the past will not be experienced *cain.
In twelve houn the air forces out all the oil
and the well is i allowed to rest for the same
length of time, after which pumping Is re
sumed. In this way a small compressor la
able to do the work for two wells.
The method adopted for the. application of
tbo air is to run tubintr to the bottom of the
bole, the end of the tubing: being left' open.
A foot or so above ths lower end a pipe which
leads down from the compressor ts connected
with the tubing: and the air Is released at thlfe
point. In Its struggle to rise to the surface
the air takes with it all the oil that Is in
the pipe and the removal of the oil causing
a vacuum to be formed the oil rushes Into the
tubing and is thus made to flow in a steady
stream.
The progress of drilling: In Shasta Coun
ty Is summarized as follows: The Bella
"Vista is down 800 feet; the Mount Shasta
drill is not operating because of the
breaking of machinery; the Shasta well
Is down 300 feet; the Keswick has ordered
a. standard rig and will drill two miles
north from Redding 1 . -
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Mary Catherine Downs against Alfred
R. Downs for desertion and Rosa M. Sin
clair against H. E. Sinclair for failing to
provide.
p»-r=-^ HEATER-GOERS have a treat in
I 5 store for them at the Orphem
rthis week. The famous Agoust
family will juggle their way into
the hearts of their audiences as
they have in the East, and Mclntyre and
Heath, the popular comedians, are en
gaged to reinforce one of the best bills
ever presented by this popular vaudeville
house. The newcomers open their engage
ment this afternoon, and the success they
have won in their respective lines is a
guarantee that' they will score another
hit. .
The Agoust family Is known the world
over for its wonderful juggling act, and
Mclntyre and Heath are about the most
popular comedians in the great army of
variety performers. The Agousts are not
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN
RAILWAY.
Summer Schedule.
Effective April 28, the California North
¦western Railway's summer schedule goes
into effect.
This means that on week days the
morning train leaving San Francisco at
7:30 o'clock and afternoon train at 3:30
o'clock will both run through to Ukiah,
and there will be two trains daily from
Ukiah to San Francisco, thus giving the
main line double daily service.
In addition there will be double daily
service on Sundays. As usual, the train
leaving at 8:00 a. m. will run through to
Ukiah, but the train leaving here 5:00
p. m. on Sundays, which in tne past has
run only as\tar as Santa Rosa, will con
tinue on to tSkiah. As in the past, there
will be an afternoon train from Ukiah to
San Francisco on Sundays, leaving at 2:15,
but in addition to that there will be a
morning train from Ukiah to San Fran
cisco, leaving at 5:50, thus giving for the
first time to all points double daily serv
ice on Sundays. ' I
On this day, April 2S, the double dally
service will begin between San Francisco,
Glen Ellen, Sonoma, Vineyard and all
Sonoma branch points. The freight trains
on the Sonoma branch will be run en
tirely separate from the passenger, thus
doing away with the mixed freight and
passenger service which governed in the
winter.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— A complete
rapprochement between the governments
of Austria and Mexico has been brought
about end as a result each country is
about to send a Minister to the other.
This terminates an international
estrangement dating back to the days
when- young Maximilian of Austria
Boupht to gain a fcothold in Mexico and
lost his life In the adventure. A bill has
passed the Mexican Congress providing
for a Minister to Austria at a salary of
$11,000 annually. Austria will take similar
action by sending a Minister to Mexico,
and this will close the long and historic
separation.
•ihe Mexican Government has taken
steps to resume diplomatic communication,
¦with South American countries, the first
move in that direction being the appoint
ment of a Mexican Minister to the Ar
gentine Republic. For many years there
has been no diplomatic intercouse be
tween Mexico and her sister republics on
the southern continent, as there was little
commerce between them and few political
questions requiring diplomatic represent
ations.
Recently, however, Argentina made a
friendly move by accrediting a Minister
to both Washington and Mexico City, and
Uruguay has talcen similar action. The
selection of Mexico City as the place for
holding the Congress of American Repub
lics has been a further influence in induc
ing Mexico to extend her relations with
South and Central America.
New Minister Will Be Soon
Sent to the Court at
Vienna.
Rapprochement Between
Diaz Government and
. Austria.
MEXICO ENDS
THEIR QUARREL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
THROW DISHES AT EACH OTHER
FOR AUDIENCE'S EDIFICATION
The Agoust Family, Famed as Jugglers, Will #
Make Its Initial Appearance at the Matinee
at the Orpheum Theater This Afternoon
1
20
Some of the important features to open the new-
week will be the exceptional values mentioned
below. New and fashionable goods are being
shown in every department at lowest* possible
prices. You will find the store to-morrow offering
some of the best values of the season.
Handkerchiefs — Sale Price, I7c each
Tomorrow we put on sale 3000 ladies' handkerchiefs, some
scalloped and embroidered, some hemstitched and embroidered;
over 100 different designs to choose from. Goods that always
sold for 25c and 35c. The price for Monday 17c each.
Cleaning cp- — Odd Neckwear
The question of cost is not considered. The question of
dosing out stocks over-rides all else. Some are slightly soiled,
some a little mussed from handling, others are odd pieces:
$5.00 neckwear reduced to $2.5° each $1.50 neckwear reduced to 75c each
3.00 neckwear reduced to 1.50 each 1. 00 neckwear reduced to 5°c each
Latest Imported — Wash Waists
The choicest collection. Novelties in Ladies' White Wash
Waists. Batiste, Lawn and Madras waists, handsomely trimmed
with lace and embroidery, some tucked, others hemstitched.
All at the special price of $2.75 each.
Another lot is colored wash waists in Madras, Scotch Zephyrs,
Batiste and Chambray, in plain colors and stripes, all made in
the very latest style in the choicest of designs and colorings,
at $2.0O each.
Washable — Dress Skirts
Monday we shall show a well selected stock of Ladies' Wash
Dress Skirts in Linen Crash, Grass Linen, Linen and White
Pique. All made in the latest flare cut; fit and hang perfectly.
Prices $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $2.00 and some still higher.
Woolen Shawls- — At $1.25 Each
A fortunate purchase enables us to offer a special lot of
Woolen Shoulder Shawls; just the thing for evening wear
while in the country ; they are made of Shetland wool,
iyi yards square, with fringe all around; in colors: White,
Red, Light Blue and Black. Price $1.25 each.
"Gibson" Pictures — On Cushion Tops
New Pillow covers, just received ; pen and ink sketches
from Gibson drawings; reproductions from life, enlarged and
transfered to cushion tops. The subjects exhibited are
"Hearts are Trumps," "A Good Game for Two," "The
Last Day of Summer," "The Leading Features of a Liberal
Education," A Little Incident," and "Monday Morning."
We have secured the exclusive sale of these goods in San
Francisco. Price for Stamped Tops with back, 50c.
M 125 to 131 Kearny Street U
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
"Whether to a mineral spring resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque,
town, from which you can, in a short
walk or drive, commune with nature In
. her valleys, foothills and. mountain
canyons, or to a camp along, the bank
of some shady stream,
Call or write for
"VACATION 1901"
This is a little book Just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com-
pany, and Is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts in Marin, Sonoma. Mendo-
dno and Lake counties. Besides, it con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week.
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office. Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
R. X. BTAN.
General Passenger Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
IV* Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our- Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
HOTEL METROPOLE and' COCNTRT CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to b c pECK> Agent>
10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
• 222 South Spring St.. Loa Angelea. CaL
CAZADERO Eif-H
miles northwest of San Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tages and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to suit ail. Everything needed by camp-
1 ers supplied at reasonable prices. Fine trout
fishing, beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
ideal resort. Elim Grove Hotel, under same
management, on the banks of Austin Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque
I spot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co.,
Cazadero, Cal. City office 749 Market st.
For the complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists. ,
SKAG^S BOT SPRINGS S^S5\ H C S£
from San" Francisco; but 9 miles* staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath In State; swimming and boating;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; flrst-clasi hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms,
$3 a day or J12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past »lx years. For further lnforma-
tnln address J. F. MULOREW. Skaggs. Cal.
•
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement: fine walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 15. Circulars at city office.
918 Larkln St.. a F. FRESE & JURGENSEN.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Rig Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2tt hours first afternoon and 9 hours
ne*t day, arriving at Tosemite Valley S p. m.
Send for Ulustrsted folder. WM. J. WHITE,
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market st.. opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F. : tel. Black 3371.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE'
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. "Write for circular. EDGAR DCR-
NAN. Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
"™~ " ¦" ~~ THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
I^ITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
i • #i i m. o school will be open to summer
YiENLO guests during June and July.
• Superior climate, excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
____ dress IRA G. HOITT.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
6 miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery: goort hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geysera;
daily mail: $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK, GeyservUle, Sonoma Co.
SUMMER HOME FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming: long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return tickets, S2 V-: open the year round
Bend for circulars. - - -
J. H. HAESTERS. Gtenwood, Cal.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EX. VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms.
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU, lessee.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters Jn the State: fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland. Mendodno Co.. CaL
vVcwy' springs,
The only place In the United States wherw
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Ukiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietor*.
white cornfiFs "oweul
Altitude 2000 feet. Write for circulars. MRS.
J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwta P. O.. CaL
I have on hand NOW a dozen deals
that are bound to pay BIG DIVI-
DENDS. If you wish to get in on any
cf them call on or address
JAS; R. T. MERSHON,
Dealer in Legitimate Stocks Only.
£37,538,539,550 PARROTT BDG..8.F.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS, FOR IRRIGATION. FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
TOTt OIL. FOR WATER. FOR CTANIDB
PLANTS.
BAN FRANCISCO.
DIRECTORY of REPUTABLE
COMPANIES.
California Fortune Oil Co*
SO acres Bunset. 80 acres McKittrick. 320 acres
Sa Coallnga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 60c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEX-
XCKE. Secretary, room 614 Parrott bid e. S. F.
Famoso oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT— Well
- No. 1. pumping over 600 barrels dally, rated
the '•King" well of the district No. 2 will
b* finished by the 10th of April— 10,000 shares
left at BO cents. Order by mall. 75 cents
after April JO. SSS Parrott building. S. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
i-» a conwany ownlnr producing well.
Stto Per Share,
Write or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. «71 Parrott Building.
NAPA AND BERRTESSA VAiiLKT Oil.
COMPANT— Controls 1000 acres of U. 6. patent-
ed land In Kapa County where tnt finest lubrU
catlcg oil In California Is found; stock at 21
cent*; prospectus furnished. E70 and 671 Parrott
tmlldlnc. San Francisco.
SAMNAS OIL A'D DEVEI/PMENT CO.
1880 ACRES IN MONTERET COUNTY.
Well down 300 leet; small amount of treasury
•tock at Jic per share. Prospectus and map
and Information en application. J. B. OLSEN
Secretary, S74 Parrott building, San Francisco. *
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands In heart of McKittrick District, ad-
Joining large producing wells. • Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nished at room CCS Safe Deposit Building. 32S
Sfonieomery st. • • ; -
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET-PROVEN OIL LAND.
Controls 410 acres. Are drilling. Some stock
ts belne* sold at 60c per share. Information aad ,
prospectus furnished on application. No. L i
fcecond Floor, MUla Building, Eaa Franciioo. '
CAMP REVERIE,
RUSSIANliytR REDWOODS,
"In All California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a New Plan,
On Juna J, this year. CAMP REVERIE win
be opened In a redwood grove on tb« Guerne-
TlUe branch of the California North-western
Railway, midway b€tw«n Fulton and Ouerna-
Tlll«.
Handsome booklets with full details hav« been
left In Ticket Offloen of the California North-
western Railway, or addreae CAilJP RBVKRIH
ASSOCIATION, room 81. Flood bulldins. Saa
Francisco. Office hours 13 to 4 p. m.. Mon-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
On.y Three Hours* Staging:
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful place
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $13, $H
$15 and (18 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAlU.
31S Montgomery St.. and see photograph* ot
hotel and surroundings. We take pleasure In
writing full particulars. Address CRAIO A
WARNER.
DR C3. C3. O'DONNEUL'S
MINERAL. SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaint*.
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 41
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and 9. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers:
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oalt at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Inquire of Dlt.
C. C. OTONNELL, of flee 1031H Market, bet.
6th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health.
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
JOHANNI^B^RG.
TJnder entire new management and owner-
ship. Family Resort In th« Napa, Redwoods.
Exhilarating air; hunting, fishing, swimming
and boating: terms reasonable: send for circu-
lars. THEO. BLANCKENT3XJRO JR.. Propri-
etor, Oakville, Napa County.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS. '
Formerly Arua Callente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 46 miles via C. NW. Rv.
or S. P. R. R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It Round
trip. $1 10. Telcrhore. Rates. $13 and $14.
COOPER <fc SHEDI>EN. Agua Callente. Cal.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nics or campers. Further Information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON, Excursion Pas9.
Agent S. P. Co.. »13 Market street. .-
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
cino. Visit this quiet little resort for
t'A\A comfort. For particulars apply to 3.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth street. City.
THE GEYSERS, %%£
ONE OF NATURE'S' WONDERS. NATT-
ral Fteam baths; swimming, fishing. hunt-
Ing and livery. Write for pamphlet. L.
WERTHETMER, manager.
Will AW I?AN"H former proprietor W.
WlLLI/n I! Ail -H Crandell— A summer home
In the redwoods. S miles from Santa Cru»;
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for itself.
For particulars. TULEY & ILir" 1 . Santa. Crua.
GLEXBROOK.
Just the place to efljoy your vacation. Variout
amusements. Plenty large & amal game. Tab!*
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only $S A HO. Infor-
mation at Traveler office. 20 Montgomery it.
or address O. W. R. TREDWAT. Proprietor.
Glenbrook. Lake County. Cal.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open the
year round. Bus meets 11 o'clock train from
city at present.' The culinary department will
receive specall attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL. Si-UNT VIEW, Rosa
Valley. Marln Co. Cal.
SAN JOSE
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
II0T5L ST. JAMBS.
Finest Equipped Hotel In the State.
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH, near Santa
Cruz, in heart of this mountains: among
the redwoods: first-class accom.; very reason*
able terms: telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and amusements: dally mall; new Improve-
ments; our well-known table Is our reoommen-
datlon. Pound trip campers to Olenwood, lncU
stage. $3 75. Frank R. Dann. Santa Crua.
LANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen mllee from
Cazadero, on stage Kne. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, cream, milk; free conveyance for
parties of 2 or more: tn»id redwood soenery.
Address J. Luttrlnger, Seaviaw, Sonoma Co., or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front St.. for particulars.
CHAS. M. PLUM & CO.
¦ Up!io 1 stery Company,
(NINTH AND MARKET STS.,
' .1 ¦ . .(
Have quite a line of SHORT LENOTH3
of UPIIOLSTERT GOODS which will
be sold at reduced rates. •
An opportunity to procure Pillow and
Cushion Covers for your summer heme.
b'i. HALL'S BEINViGORATUS mmi
Five hundred reward for any j&'/*i Af
case we cannot cure. This secret IMS hSc
remedy stop3 all losses in 24 hours. i a
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- *~JH r«
cocele. Gonorrhea. Gleet. Fits l yyi fe&i
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all iili '(»ll
wasting eftects of sc-'.f-ahuse or 555 KS
excesses. Sent seale<l. J2 bottle- 3 C!v?V->j^
bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure 'any caw id.
drtss HALI.-S MEDICAL INSTITUTE KS
Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also for sale at'lOTSU
Sff fc«SS free' ££?" «~£^B
R R I T Q H 17 Q F0R BAItBEItS. B AK.
lJAlUOXljuO e ">- bootblacks, bath-
. _ _ houses, billiard tables.
Drtwers. bookbinders, candy-makera. caanerx
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laur.drir.j. paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, st*.
blexnen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento S6
' NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K EA iF^ T ., Ai *P WASHINGTON 8TB.— RB-
a* modeled and tenovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 » day:
U to $3 week; $3 to $20 month. Free bath«- bot *
and cold water every room; flre grates In a vary
room; glevator runs all night.
:Wfi8fl? Cal 41.00 DerYeap
ADVEETISEKCENTS.
Sterling^ Furniture MimM^
| , I
II *• " /"^ - 11 , . " hand 1
jE • % &M gg£ some 1
4 feet 7 inches wide, 6 feet 4 inches long. Head-board 6 |
I feet high. Not much elaborate carving — it 's made of B
select oak and highly polished— needs no embellishment. |
Roman CHair (f5)£M 1
Quarter sawed golden oak or /] j^Hit?! I
mahoganized birch — solid wood b. fl , la'^ p
sears and gracefully turned arms. y^ Fl r"-~ ;
if • * ¦ i
,.>#if>« Folding [
|<^^vViIf - 75c ¦ ":¦¦
i vy^^O^^v'S^^"' Will lend /comfort to your |
I N^^^fe^^^^' summer outing — -or makes the 1
i \^ veran dahan inviting resting place §
I ¦ -r - !«^^^?§^y y° u navc to stay at home. I
1 V^v^> * ¦¦"" We y d be glad to have you |
I 4r*^ open an account with us. |
? You can make tlie payments to suit your convenience, n
S Sterling Furniture 1
3 'Phone i^** **r»«. d«lW«ry la B
prtvauexchang, SiSSL I
| 003 J Berkeley ?
Lw lOa9-*.Marhbt* Street \*******JfNOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Oeodetio Survey-
Times and- Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
HONGKONO-Arrlved prior to April S7-Stmr
City of Peking, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu nnd Yokolmmo.
HAMBURG— Arrived April *7-Stmr Hohen
sollern, from New York, via Naples.
NAPLES'— Sailed Aprii 27— Stmr Georgia, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL-^Salled April 27— Stmr Georgia,
for New York ; "stmr Etrurla, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed April 27— Stmr Kosarian,
for Montreal.
ANTWERP— Sailed April 27— Stmr South
wark, for New York.
BREMEN-Salled April 27-Stmr H H Meier,
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed April 27— Stmr La Cham
patrne, for New York.
CAPE BAY— Passed April 27— Stmr Brazil
ian, from London, for Montreal.
NEW YORK-Arrived April 27-Stmr Meno
mlne*. from London.
Sailed April S7— Stmr I. a Gaseocne, . for
Havre; atmr Statendam, for Rotterdam. . via
Hcvulogne: stmr Umbrlo. for Liverpool; stmr
Aller, for Naples, etc; stmr Patricia, for 11am
imrtc. via Plymouth and Cherbourg; atmr An
chorla, for Ularsow.
Arrived Aorll 27— Stmr Potsdam, from Rot
terdam and Iioulorne.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN PORTS
LYLLTON— Sailed April S6— Br stmr Royal
ist, for Sydney.
MAZATLAN-Salled April M-Stmr P«ru, for
San Kranelaoo.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 26-Nor bark
Stjorn, from Portland.
HONGKONG— Arrived April 7— Ger stmr
Eva, hence Fob IS,
Bailed prior to April W— Br stmr Haytlan,
for Vancouver. April 24— Br Btmr Empress of
India, for Vancouver.
NORTH SHIELDS— Sailed April X5— Fr bark
Anjou, for San Francisco.
PANAMA-Kalled April 25-Stmr Roanoke,
for San Franclaco.
ANTWKRP-Salled April 27-Br ship Aus
tralia, for. San Francisco.
Manila; stror Hobm Dollar, heneo April 8!;
«tmr J*anlo, h<>no* April II.
IK>RT HLAKKl.KY-Salled April S7— Sehr
Comet, for San l'«Hiro. • ¦
TAi\>M.\-StUleil Ai>rll !7-Stmm MatU*w*n
ana Santa An«. for San Franoltco.
Arrived Ajirll 27— Slinr Pi-ogr««o. henw Ai>ril
* rOUT LOS ANQELKS-Sailed April J7-6tmr
Scquntn, tor Snn Kranotpro.
ASToniA-SAlled Ai>rll 2T-llr ehlp Talus,
for Que*n*to\vn.
CASPAR— Arrived April 27— Stmr LucllM,
hetire Aj^rll 20,
CUKSCKNT CITY— Sailed April ST-Stmr Del
Norte, for S«n Francisco. ( '
Steamer Movements.
¦ SUNDAY. APRIL 28.
Sun rises 5 : i7
Sun sets j-57
Moon sets 2:24 a. in.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence- as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there ¦ are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is tho mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Send to the office of the Southern Pa
cific Company, G13 Market' street. San
Francisco, for one of the new topograph
ical maps of the Yosemite Valley.
Letters on Chambers' Estate.
Judge Sloss made an order yesterday ap
pointing Mrs. Ada C. Martin administra
trix of the estate of her deceased brother.
Robert C. Chambers, -who died recently
TV. J. White of the Big Oak Flat and
Yosemite Stage Company, denies the truth
of a recently published dispatch- from
Yc semite Valley, which stated that one of
the Oak - Flat ' stages had been seriously
hindered by snow along the road. He
states the route has been clear for several
weeks, and that the beautiful region can
be seen under as favorable conditions at
present as at any time during the year.
Says O&k. Flat Is Clear of Snow.
The Juvenile pupils of Findlay's School
of Dancing cordially Invite the public to
come to Odd Fellows" Hall. Seventh and
Market streets, Wednesday, May 1. mati
nee 2 p. m.. evening 8 o'clock, to see the
greatest exhibition of dancing, ever given
in this city. Over 100 pupils will take pan
in dances of all nations. Including the lat
est from. London and Paris. Professor
Findlay Is the only up-to-date dancing
master here. Has given Instruction to all
the leading juvenile talent In San Francis
co. Grand ball after 10 p. m. Admission 25c*
May Day Festival and Exhibition of
Dancing;
AH made up. ready to walk on. Coma
in very handy when yon are in a hurry to
fit up a room nicely for a guest or for
yourself. We have a lot of them In all
sizes In neat, desirable patterns, at 34c up
to 4Sc: usually sold for 75c Walk In and
look around. 226-228 Powell street. •
Misfit Carpets
at a local hotel, leaving 1 an estate valued
at about 1750,000. Public Administrator
Drinkhouse contested Mrs. Martin's peti
tion for letters on the ground that she
was not a resident of this State, she hav
ing arrived In this city from Kansas City
subsequent to her brother's death. Mrs.
Martin swore, however, that she intended
making San Francisco her permanent resi
dence. As this established her residence
in accordance with the requirements of
law Judge SIoss decided that she was en
titled to letters as prayed for.
Saturday, April 27.
Btmr G«o W Elder. Randall. Astoria; Ore
sron Railroad A Kit Co.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per- 8
kins & Co.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Spreck
ele & Bros Co.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle: E T Kruse.
Nor stmr Titanla, Ecenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Bark W B Flint. Johnson. Honolulu: Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Fr bark Dupleix, Harang, Queenstown; E C
Evans.
Schr Una. Harkiiis, Chignlk ' Bay; Hume
Bros & Hume.
BAILED.
Saturday, April 27.
Strar Kvichak, Nelson. Bristol Bay..
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr Francis Cutting-, Haserup, Karluk.
Ftmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka.
Stmr Mariposa, Rennie, Honolulu.
Stmr Newburg, Gunderson, .
Stmr Rival, Johnson, .
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Tugr Sea Kins, Raemussen. Eureka.
' Rut-s Ehip Harbinger. Nordland. Queens
town.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, Bodega.
fichr Novelty, Rosendall, Astoria,
Schr Ida Schnauer,' Sorenson, Port Gamble.
Scbr Solano, Rosich. Bristol Bay.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Allen A, from Mahukona April 27 —
April 9 carried away foremast head in a heavy
swell. April 9, lat 28 16 N. ion 151 5 W, spoke
Echr Helen N Kimball, from Hana. for San
Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 27.* 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEW WHATCOM— Sailed April 26— Bark
Pactolus, for Cape Town.
EUREKA — Arrived April 27 — Stmr Newsboy,
hence April 25; schr Mabel Gray, from San
Sailed l ADril 27— Stmr Pasadena, for San
VoRT BRAGG — Sailed April 27— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW-Arrived April 27— Schr Jo
senh Russ. from EvCTett. ¦ • ¦
COOS BAY— Arrived April 26-Schr Western
Home, hence April 15.' April 27— Stmr Signal,
Peady for sea April 25— Schr Gotama and
schr Montrrey. for San Francisco.
BANDON. Or— Arrived April 27— Schr Cor
inthian, hence April 17.
CRESCENT CITY— To sail April 28, at 12
noon Ftmr Crescent City, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 26— Schr Martha W
Tuft, from Yukatat; «tmr City of Seattle, from
Skaguay. April 27— Br stmr Oopack, from
CLEARED.
Saturday. April 27.
Stmr Acme, Zyandqulst, 58 hours from Tllla
mook.
Btmr Walla 'Walla, Hall, 69% hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. 31 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, 10 days from Guay
m&s, via Ensenada 61 hours
Stmr South Portland, Hall, 4 days 4 hours
from Tacoma.
Br Btmr Victoria, Blakey, 96 hours from
Comox.
Br etrnr Indrapura, Holllng»worth, 42 days
from Calcutta, via Moji 22 days.
Tug Hunter, Tanzer, BO hours from Umpqua,
via Coos Bay.
Schr Allen A, Iverson, 21 days from. Mahu
kona. . . '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Notice to Mariners.
ENTRANCE TO GRAYS HARBOR, WASH
INGTON.
Notice 1b hereby given that the Outside Bar
"WhlBtllng Buoy, red, nun-shaped, surmounted
by a whistle, with the words "Grays Harbor"
tn -white letters. Is reported April 23, 1801, as
having gone adrift from Its position about
VA miles outside the bar. It will be replaced
as early as practicable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901. pages 62 and 6S.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
TV. P. DAT.
. * Commander, U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
The French bark Duplelx sailed yesterday
for (Juffnttnwn for orders, with 69,993 ctls
wheat valued at $70,800, and 22,000 feet lumber
as dunnage, valued at $330.
OTTO'S OF THE OCEAN.
The British tramp steamer Indrapura
arrived from Calcutta yesterday with a
cargo of Jute and train baps. She was
placed In quarantine and will not be "re
leased until this morning. The cargo is
valued at about $1,000,000.
The battleship Wisconsin will be open
to visitors to-day and Peterson's launches
will carry all who want to make the trip
out to her during the afternoon. The big
fighting machine is well worth a visit.
The Wisconsin was coaled In eight hours,
the credit being due to the crew of the
battleship. The men worked like beavers
and have Bet a record that will be hard
to beat.
"Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia will not get away for Tahiti until
to-morrow at 11 a. m. Some necessary re
pairs have to be made nnd a quantity of
freight taken aboarti. Forty Chinese, en
route to Papeete, who came from Hong
kong: on the Nippon Maru, will be trans
ferred to the Australia to-day. Some of
the Mongolians have hornet* In the islands
and the others are going there to work.
Australia Delayed Again.
Mexico the cx-pllot waa serving a tlve
veins' sentence for desertion. Ills wife
has disappeared and the Immigration Of
ficer Is looking for her. When found 3he
will bo pent back to Mexico, as bIio has
broken faith with the Government cill
cials here.
Ifcrora wus a pilot on the Mexican jjun
bOHt, and deserting his post Murted out to
look for the woman. He Rot as far ns San
r>i<'po. when his money gave out. Ho ap
pealed to the Mexican Consul and ihut
official offered to pay his dussucg back
to ICnsenada. Herera accepted and on
arrlviiiK at his destination was arrestod
us u desortcr. When the Curacao left
probation. She had run awav from tho
mnn whom she had h$»en livinc with a id
she wag afraid to return to Slwcieo for
foar he would kill her.
When the Curacao was here last one of
the steerage passengers named Concep
cion Herera was refused a landins at
first, but later was riven permission on
Ramon Ba.rra.za, Tiabel H. de Viosca, Laura
FtoEa Vlosca. Laura Hl«a.l*o, Samuel Tyack.
PVank Smith. Samuel Jone*. John G. Brick.
John Gibson and Thomas Gibson.
The Pacific Coast Bteamship Company's
Curacao arrived from Mexican ports yes
terday with the following named cabin
passengers:
Arrival of the Curacao.
Perhaps the dirtiest place In the city
and county of Ban Francisco Is East
street on a windy day. Dust files in clouds
and for five minutes at a time it is im
possible to see across the street. Fine
<jca.l Is driven from the bunkers into peo
ple's eyes and the attendants at the Har
bor Hospital are kept busy giving: the
sufferers relief. Most of the dust comes
from the unpaved portion of the front be
t-ween Lombard and Powell streets. The
Harbor Commissioners have a scheme to
remedy this eviL The night watchmen on
the fire tug* have rarely anything to do
«.nd find It hard work to pass the time.
In future they ¦will have to spend two or
three hours every night in watering the
etreet with the fire hose. The thoroughfare
•will be thoroughly saturated and will not
have time to dry out between each soak-
Ice- .
A Plague of Dust.
The barke»tlne J. C. Pfluger has re
ceived an Am«rlcan registry and a few
days ago was purchased by John D.
Bpreckeds Jb Bros. Co. from John Rosen
feld'B Sons for the sugar trade. The
Ptlurer wu formerly the British bark
Walk&to and was built In Sunderland,
England. Later eh* was sold to J. C.
Pfluger & Co. of Bremen and was re
named after th« bead of the firm. 'She
carried grsin from this port to Europe for
several years, and was on her way to
Cork for orders when she was dismasted
off this coest by a whirlwind. She finally
reached Santa Barbara and was towed
back to Ban Francisco, where the vessel
'was condemned and sold to John Rosen
f eld's Bons, who repaired ajid rerigged her
t.s a barkentln*. Sbn made one trip to
Australia for the Rosenfelds and came
back here from Newcastle, N. S. W., with
a carro of coal In the good run of sixty
one C&ys. Bhe U 210 feet 1 inch long:, 34
feet 6 Inches beam and 19 feet 2 Inches
deep.
for Honolulu Trade.
Baxkcntlne J. C. Pfluger Purchased
IS XTOW A SUGAR PACKET.
A. T. All»», Mrs. P. Belloeq. W. A. Burke
•nd wife; A. 8. Cantin. wife un<l child; Miss
« -i.T-.tin. Mrs. J. B. Cop<tr*ll, Mm. M. P. Col
true, P. 11. Comslock. Mrm. K.. B. DavU. W.
!i. Punning-, J. U. J'nrsdny. A. HarrUon, Mrs.
Uarvell, T. C. Hotallng-. Mrs. A. P. UotsJlnj:.
Vims li. Junes. Mrs. S. H. Johnston, CltRord
KlmbaXl. Mrs. O. Klnr*land. Frank Lewis.
Mr*. O. C Iy»wln. JenifK MaJlon. J. Michaels,
A. C Palfrey, Miss E. 11. Ryan. Robert Ecott,
F. J. Swadlinc, Miss M. Vend, Mies WUdliield
and A. O. "Wcollfy.
HA.LF a icor* of society people re
c«tv»d a scare aboard th« mail
•tetmahlp Marlposa yesterday
vhlch they will not forget in a
hurry. They paid no attention
to the waxttfn* whl»tle«. The man with
pong beat tt under th'eir noses to no pur
pose and th» final call of "all ashore"
found them Ju»t beginning to say "srood
bv."
Time and ftteamslilps wait for no man.
•o promptly at 2 p. m. tho M&ripos*
n< juried out into tffe ptrejtm and with her
went ten ladles and gvntlcmcn who were
not on the passenger list. When the sit
uation Mus explained to Captain Reunte
he stopped the eteamshlp and signaled
for a tue. Th« Reliance went -out. out it
took much time and trouble to make the
transfer. It mas blowing half a sale and
the ladies had to make their way down
the tilde of the Mariposa on u ewaylnff
rope ladder. The wind would occasionally
Ilatten them urainst the Bide of the ship.
«nd one of them Ion ber hat in the strue-
Amonf th» passesrers who Bailed on th«
tnall boat »»* A. F. Allen, and among
those who were down to see him awav
*«ro Beverly Letchtr. Frank Greenwood,
Alex Watson. Mrs. Allen. Miss Knapp
and Mi»a Sha^dley. These were amonc
tt.e ten who wer* carried away, and it is
safe to say they will not linjrer aboard
the next vessel that is taking- away a
friend. The ca.bin p**seng«r* on the
Jkimrlposa ara tb« following: named:
BAItXENTINE J. C. PFX.UGER..THAT CAME UNDER THE AMERICAN FLAG A FEW DATS AGO. SHE "WAS
FORMERLY THE BRITISH BARK WAIKATO AND LATER THE GERMAN BARK J. C. PFLUGER. HER
KBW OWNERS WILL PUT HER IN THE SUGAR TRADE. \
Seven Men and Three Women Pay No Attention to the
Warnings of Whistles and Gong and Are Carried Into
the Bay, a Tug Being Sent to Bring Them Ashore Again
Large amounts of money have been in
volved in certain mining deals on the
coast of late. Two and one-auarter mil
lions of dollars made up the purchase
.price .of the holdings of Captain de la
Mar at Bully Hill. Shasta County, and
the transfer of properties from De la Mar
to the Bully Hill Copper and Smelting
Company include nineteen claims and op
tions on several others. The Northern
Light, Grizzly and Fairview claims in
Bir.gham, Utah, brought $50,000 from an
"Eastern purchaser. New York capitalists
havo paid $30,000 for a group . of copper
and gold bearing claims at Cave "Valley,
Nevada, Also, according to the Deseret
Evening Press, a group of mines at Bing
ham, Utah, has been bonded, the price
being $1,000,000. Captain de la- Mar has
just concluded negotiations for a group
of mines adjoining the Bully Hill on the
west.
Isaac. Jones, agent in charge of the
United States experiment station at Ram
part, Alaska, has written a letter to The
Call, of which the substance is as follows:
Considerable attention was given to the Tan
ana and ¦ Its tributaries -by prospectors last
summer and In a few Instances small pros
pects were found, but nothing more than gO3d
wages. In the early summer exaggerated re
ports of finds on the Xanana reached the Yu
kon and a stampede was started which result
ed In a great deal of staking of claims.
Since that time there has been no development
and there has been no excitement of a:«y kind,
alons tn lower Yukon this winter except that
occasioned by reports from the coast. At each
of the camps along the Yukon, in United
States territory, there are a few claims that
pay more than Rood wage?, more that pay
small waROH., for the country, nn<l a still
greater number that so far have yielded but
a prospect, M«ny of the creeks that were
thought to be rich and which wevo worked
for the flr?t time this winter have Kreatly
dteappolnteU the claim holders, l-'alr pay is
being taken out, on some of the old claims,
but there is absolutely no new find worthy
of mention.
California Properties.
One thousand dollars. accordhiR to the
Plncervllle NupRot, whs tnkpn out In gold
from a hole ten fort deep on the Itomte
plaoe in a few days. Tho srold is of a
whitish yellow tint nnd is mixed with
silver.
Tho Mother Lode Banner reports thnt
the eld Riverside mine Is bolng reopened
by San Frnnelseo parties. Klfrfueen men
are employed In development work. Tho
water ditch will bo Increased to run n
forty-stamp mill.
Tho St. Helena Star reports a find of
copper ore in Snell Valley. The strike,
It savs, was made at a. depth of "r>0 feet.
Three shifts of men are now at work on
a tunnel which will be driven COO feet.
Tho Amador Lodger Bays:
The report that >Uyward and associates In
tend erectlnp an electrto power plant on Dry
Creek, near the Centennial mine, has caused
more or less talk about the resumption of
operations at the old Empire and Pacific
mines. While It is not Improhable th.'v», vent
ually these mines will be reopened, u*»» ap
pears to be no good ground for tho bei-.n that
work will begin this season. The old Phoenix
sold mine has been acquired by a new com
pany and will bo thoroughly worked. A flve
stamp mill will soon be tn operation on the
ore already in sight. The Incorporation of
the new company will be perfected this week.
Th« capitalisation is )25,000; the number of
shares of stock 100,000. The directors for the
flrnt year are: 8. O, Spa«noll, L, J. Fonten- ;
rose. Dr. A, M. Oall, John Roes Jr., James E.
Dye, n, C. Rust, W. J. Nettle. The property
ll located about teven miles east of Jackson ;
on the east side of the Amador canal nnd a
little north of tho mlddlo fork of Jntkaon
Creek. Reveral fine specimens of rock art on
exhibition.
Humboldt County Copper.
The Eureka (Humboldt County) Stand
ard is ¦ntlarled that a rich copper prop
erty haB been found In tho Mattole VallGy
and says that It promises to be the great
est oopper proposition in Northern Cali
fornia. . The following description Is from
the Standard:
The cropplngs of tho ledge can be traced for
nearly four miles along a spur of the Rain
bow ridge. Since the discovery prospect holes
sunk on the;ledgre have given Indications that ¦
a rich body of copper lies underneath and that' I
the ledge grows richer with depth. The en
tire ledge, as far as the cropplnga indicate
its existence, has been staked off in regular
claims of 1500 lineal feet each, twelve In all,
located respectively by J. C. Hampton, vice'
president, and G. C. Douglass, superintendent .
of the Pacific Lumber Company; J. H., A. S.,
A. H. and M. H. Crismon, W. K. Meakln. G.
M. Spaulding, J. H. French, H. L. Ford, A.
E. Look and Daniel Shlvely.
The Mountain Messenger reports that a
quartz discovery has been made near Si- j
erra City in a ledge in the Golden Era 1
mine. The property is owned by Thomas i
Murphy. The mine is a little more than-!
a mile to the northeast of Sierra City, on i
the Yuba River. |
The Shaw mine in Calaveras County has !
started up, after' disuse extending over!
several years. It is a gravel proposition.
The Calaveras Citizen says that it is on
a belt where rich gravel deposits have I
been found. ¦¦ j
The new stamps of the : Yellow Aster
mill at Randsburg bring up the total to
be soon operated to 150. ,¦
Mining in" Siskiyou County is moving
forward. The mill at the Kin jr. Solomon
mine is running again. The Black Bear
mine, after a period of sixteen years of
idleness, will be running this summer.
Fields.
Owners Get Prices Which
Show Demand Is
Very Good. -
?
Government Official Sends
News Regarding Gold
LARGE AMOUNTS
GO INTO MINES
TEN VISITORS NEARLY TAKEN AWAY
ON THE MAIL STEAMSHIP MARIPOSA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
21
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L..W H W L. W jH W
!8 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55 1.1 8:39 ~T1
29... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 2:40 1.4.9:16 6
tO... 3:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:60 6.(
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0 10:20 5 ;
2 ... 4:41 0.4 11:34 4.6 4:20 2.2 10:44 6.1
3 ... 5:15 0.1 12:16 4.6 4:53 2JS 11:09 6.1
4 ... 5:50 0.0 1:00 4.5 5:25 2^5 jll:33 B.t
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Peru Valparaiso via Panama
Queen San Diego
Bonlta Newport
Mackinaw Seattle
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports..
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Kureka Humboldt
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Arcata Coos Bay
Matteawan Tacoma
Argo Coquille River
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma
Pomona Humboldt "
Peru Panama & Way Ports
Corona.... Newport .•
Coronado San Pedro
W. H. Kruger..San Pedro
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa Ban Diego
Point Arena Point Arena ""
Adato Portland
North Fork Humboldt ;..
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. ..!
Newburg Grays Harbor
Mandalay Coquille River ..
G. "W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.*""
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports |
Apr. 28
Apr. 28
Apr. 28
Apr. 23
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
May 1
May l
May 1
May 1
May 1
May 1
May 2
May a
May 2
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 4
May 4
May 6
I May 6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
April 28.
Czarina .Seattle & Tacoma.
Fulton Grays Harbor ....I
Australia..... Tahiti direct
Pomona Humboldt
O. W. Klder.. Astoria & Portland
Santa Rosa... San Diego
April 29.
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay.
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.
San Juan Panama & Way Pt
April :io.
Tanls.... Hamburg & Way..
Bonita Newport '.
Mny 1.
Argo Coqullle River ...•.
Kureka Humboldt
Coronado Grays Harbor
Queen San Diego
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Dora Nome via. Seattle.
\V. Kruger... Tillamook Bay
I May ¦ IT.
Arcata Coos Bay ..........
May 3.
Corona Newport
Nippon Mam. China & Japan...:
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Peru.......... Valparaiso & Way
May '4.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
5 pm
5 pm
11 am
2 pm
11 ami
9 am
5 pm
5 pm
12 m
9 am
112 m
I 9 am|
Pier S
Pier 16
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier U
Pier 16
Pier 13
PMSS
i
Pier 27
Pier 11
IPier - 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier • 9
Pier —
Pier 13
9 a'ni
11 am
2 pm
5 pm
12 m
i
Pier 13
9 am
1 pm|
11 am,
12 m
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 34
I 2 pm
!Pier'-2
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L..W H W L. W jH W
!8 ... 2:00 1.9 8:00 4.5 1:55 1.1 8:39 ~T1
29... 2:50 1.4 9:03 4.5 2:40 1.4.9:16 6
tO... 3:32 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:60 6.(
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:49 4.6 3:49 2.0 10:20 5 ;
2 ... 4:41 0.4 11:34 4.6 4:20 2.2 10:44 6.1
3 ... 5:15 0.1 12:16 4.6 4:53 2JS 11:09 6.1
4 ... 5:50 0.0 1:00 4.5 5:25 2^5 jll:33 B.t
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Peru Valparaiso via Panama
Queen San Diego
Bonlta Newport
Mackinaw Seattle
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports..
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Kureka Humboldt
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Arcata Coos Bay
Matteawan Tacoma
Argo Coquille River
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma
Pomona Humboldt "
Peru Panama & Way Ports
Corona.... Newport .•
Coronado San Pedro
W. H. Kruger..San Pedro
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa Ban Diego
Point Arena Point Arena ""
Adato Portland
North Fork Humboldt ;..
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. ..!
Newburg Grays Harbor
Mandalay Coquille River ..
G. "W. Elder... Portland & Astoria.*""
Denderah Hamburg & Way Ports |
Apr. 28
Apr. 28
Apr. 28
Apr. 23
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 29
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
Apr. 30
May 1
May l
May 1
May 1
May 1
May 1
May 2
May a
May 2
May 3
May 3
May 3
May 4
May 4
May 6
I May 6
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
April 28.
Czarina .Seattle & Tacoma.
Fulton Grays Harbor ....I
Australia..... Tahiti direct
Pomona Humboldt
O. W. Klder.. Astoria & Portland
Santa Rosa... San Diego
April 29.
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay.
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.
San Juan Panama & Way Pt
April :io.
Tanls.... Hamburg & Way..
Bonita Newport '.
Mny 1.
Argo Coqullle River ...•.
Kureka Humboldt
Coronado Grays Harbor
Queen San Diego
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Dora Nome via. Seattle.
\V. Kruger... Tillamook Bay
I May ¦ IT.
Arcata Coos Bay ..........
May 3.
Corona Newport
Nippon Mam. China & Japan...:
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Peru.......... Valparaiso & Way
May '4.
Point Arena.. Point Arena
5 pm
5 pm
11 am
2 pm
11 ami
9 am
5 pm
5 pm
12 m
9 am
112 m
I 9 am|
Pier S
Pier 16
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 24
Pier U
Pier 16
Pier 13
PMSS
i
Pier 27
Pier 11
IPier - 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier • 9
Pier —
Pier 13
9 a'ni
11 am
2 pm
5 pm
12 m
i
Pier 13
9 am
1 pm|
11 am,
12 m
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 34
I 2 pm
!Pier'-2
Fortunately it is one of the most de-
licious bits of food used by mankind, the
delicate sweet of Grape-Sugar being of
the most charming- character. All promi-
nent grocers 6ell Grape-Nuts, made at
the pure food factories of the Postum
Cereal Co., Ltd., at Battle Creek, Mich. .
These unite in the human body, forming
the peculiar soft substance which fills the
cells of the brain. Therefore, when one
desires to use a food directly intended
for brain-building the food Grape-Nuts
may be depended upon.
The food specialist, however, has been
at work, and in Grape-Xuts we find a
food containing delicate natural particles
of Phosphate of Potash and larger quan-
tities of albumen.
Farmers select certain food to bring
about desired results in their animals,
but It is not so easy a matter with the
complex machine called man (or more
highly organized woman). :
Selection.
FEED YOURSELF SCIENTIFICALLY
Some Sure Eesults From Proper Food
GKAFE-NCTS.
ONE n«X EACH MIXE.
PAR VALUE |1 M> PER SHARE.
Property well developed and thousands of
tons of ore in sight. Material for our first ten-
ton furnace ordered and on its way to ttu
property.
We will be actually Producing
Quicksilver in two months.
The price of this stock will be advanced on
May 20. We have the materials on the ground
for a large furnace, and Mr. Robert Scott, tjja
greatest furnace builder in the world. Is now
building it. V>e will be producing quicksilver
in less than sixty days.
If you want an income for life buy some
of this stock now.
SEEING IS BELIEVING.
You can easily see our property. One hour
and twenty minutes to San Jose, nine miles by
team.
Let na show you these mines and Judge for
yourself.
tt R. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager.
.'¦•¦ -wlV. . JX. Market street. San Jo«e.
Prospectus and all information at branch
office. 209 Sanaome street. San Francisco.
H. I* COFFIN and F. DE FREITAS."
$1.00 BUYS TWO SHIRES,
San fienito County and
Santo Clara County.
QUICKSILVER
Mining Companies,
Bradford-Silver Creek
Pure blood results from wholesome food
thoroughly digested. Impure blood results
from poor .'digestion und assimilation.
When the stomach refuses to work- prop-
erly the food remains too long a time,
fermenting, forming gases, shown by
sour, bitter, taste in the mouth, bloating
and belching of gas, and distress and dis-
comfort generally. Poor . blood, weak
nerves, sleeplessness and a general don't
care feeling can always be traced to im-
perfect digestion.
. This is the" reason why Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets are superior to all other
spring medicines and blood purifiers.
They give perfect digestion; the food does
not lie in the stomach for hours. They
give a vigorous appetite, sound sleep,
strong nerves,' arid wholesome food well
digested makes pure blood, and in no
other wav can the blood be purified. .The
idea that a medicine, in itself, will purify
the blood when the stomach and diges-
tive organs are out of order is nonsense.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are used by
thousands in preference to "bitters,"
"after dinner 'pills' and "blood purifiers"
because they remove the cause of the im-
pure blood, and you do not have to take
them forever to get results. Dyspepsia
is an obstinate disease to cure and a
remedy must be designed especially for
it and nothing else.. Cure-alls will not
cure dyspepsia. • ¦ ¦¦¦'¦¦
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are not
claimed to cure everything or anything
except Dyspepsia and stomach troubles,
and for that it 'stands alone among pat-
ent medicines. Any one suffering from
any trouble with their digestion will.Iind
these tablets will give immediate relief
and a permanent cure.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are £ pre-
pared by the F. A. Stuart Co. of Mar-
shall, Mich., and sold by druggists every-
where at. 50 cents per. package. No diet-
ing nor change of habits, is required; they
digest the food.
The spring of the year is the time for
blood purifiers. It is the season when we
think we must dose ourselves with sarsa-
parillas, bitters and the endless .list of so-
called blood purifiers and nerve tonics..
As a matter of fact, there is but one
possible way in which to purify the blood
and that is through the stomach - and
bowels. .
Which Has Made Many Re-
markable Cures.
SLEEP, STRONG NERVES. •
A Popular Remedy for Dyspepsia
GIVEPERFECT DIGESTION,S0TTin)
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
Alabaster Discovered.
C. B. Hanna, a cousin of Senator Han-
'First, whether a valid discovery of gold has
been made, ,such as -would warrant i a
prudent person in the further expen-
diture of his time and means with the
reasonable hope of developing In the future a
valuable mine, and second, -whether or not
prior to the expiration of the period of notice
of application for patent, February 8. U0Q.
there had been expended by the claimant or
his srantors $5C0 worth of labor or improve-
ments, made in good faith.. for the purpose and
with the intent of developing the claim as a.
mining/claim, and that the improvements • so
made and credited to the claim in satisfaction
of those provisions of sections 23 and 2o,
Revised Statutes, are of a character suitable
for the. purpess intended. ¦ . .
The Register and Receiver gave a de-
cision, answering in the affirmative both
of the questions submitted by the depart-
ment, and thus sustaining the mineral lo-
cation. .,• r
The coming international mining con-
gress to be held at Boise, Idaho, will con-
tine from July 23 to July 25, inclusive.
The usual objects are set forth for the
congress, viz.— to secure better recogni-
tion of the mining industry by the Na-
tional Government; to bring about needed
changes in the Federal mining laws: -to
exchange practical ideas covering the va-
rious phases of the mining business, etc.
The basis of representation is as follows:
The Governor of each State and Territory to
name thirty delegates at large; the County
Commissioners of each county to name five
delegates at large; the Mayor of each city and
town to name five delegates at large and one
additional for each 10.000 population or frac-
tion thereof; each mining bureau, each mining
exchange, each real estate - exchange, each
chamber of commerce, each board of trade,
each miners' union and each trade and libor
assembly to name five delegates, and all other
commercial bodies to name five delegatea. The
call is slimed by L. Bradford Prince, presi-
dent, and Irwin Mahon. secretary. It urgrea
that delegates be appointed at once and that
the name and address of each besent to Sec-
retary Mahcn In. Boise.
An interesting decision has been ren-
dered by the Register and Receiver of the
local Land Office at Redding. A mineral
location was assailed on the ground that
the land covered by the entry was more
valuable for timber than for minerals.
The General Land Office ordered a hear-
ing on the following points: •
The Mining Congress;
The gravel deposits are. working along
the south fork, and at the Summerville
mine several thousand cubic yarda are
being moved off every day. Cooper's mine
at the head of the Salmon is in full opera-
tion. ¦-¦¦¦¦¦ ¦.-¦:• -¦¦¦
Plymouth district, Amador County, is
anticipating the expenditure of about
$600,000 by Alvinza Hayward and .the Ho-
bart estate in the near future in machin-
ery, ditches and dams. A large electrical
plant is also an expectation.
A contract has been made, so says the
Etna, Siskiyou County Advance, between
John- Quigley and H. F. Geney and East-
llck brothers of Oro Fino, by which the
latter parties, in company with John
Quigley, will commence operations on the
mining ground of Messrs. Quigley and
Geney, adjoining the Eastllck property at
Oro Fino. They will work this property
by the hydraulic and elevator process
with water from the Eastlick ditches, and
expect to have everything in running
order immediately. This ground is said
to be some of the richest placer diggings
in Oro Fino district, and no doubt the
new company will receive handsome re-
turns for their undertaking. They have
plenty of water to allow them to work
until the latter part of July.
na, reports that he has discovered a fine
deposit of alabaster on the desert in the
Carrlso Creek vicinity, and he has lo-
cated from 1200 to 1500 acres of mineral
land. He claims that experts have told
him that the alabaster is of high value.
He will place tho alabaster mine in shape
for developrnent, and will establish a per-
manent camp.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE3SIENTS.
I Rosenberg's Gloves Always the Best* 1 * Ladies, Here Is an Opportunity If
i M^^rS?.^ 11 1 ' 600 °, f the celebrated re- x^. To Bay Silk Waists (and elegant M
T, NOWN GLOVES, all made of best soft Italian /iO ' A . Al 4 i r M
i dressed kid, stitched back, two clasp, in all the new G»*J? . Ones flt tnat) at prices that 00 f*y
| shades, all sizes. The best for the least Sl.OO Jj£ one can afford to O veri«tt>k. §
I In Ou* Knitted Underwear Department. /Ilia!) • ladies* waists, made of extra an© m
si t ,mpc!i tr^c^o j < „ V, //SfliflJ quality Swiss taffeta; soft finished; bock. K3
I «ik a J ESTS> { made °v, f . E: ? od w?. ua , ty A , merIcan V\mW f ront and sleeves tucked and hemstitched; g|
S through wfth-ink t»lT ZlfM e^fil^ Uh f ilk an , d ,, Ur £, wn \iT new Paquin oversleeve, with Bishop under- M
* amWhur WnlhiSt'v^,. s ribbed; colors, pink, blue ,\ sleeve; fancy adjustable collar; front and ffl
$ and hi te. Astonishing values 50c M sleeves trimmed with tiny gold Duttons. In KJ
¦i ALSO, LAiDIES' ENGLISH THREAD VESTS, low all the new evening shades of pink. rose. |i
•J neck, no sleeves, finished with crocheted edge and hello, blue, black and white. Money saving price 51
<3 drawn through with tape. Compare with others aiid SS.5O Bl ;
a »Iipn you'll see that Rosenberg prices are always the M
I lowest ; 1Oe Nurses' Aprons at a Sacrifice. |
| SJO.OO for a Tailor-Made Suit. These APRONS are made of very best qnallty axtra H
a >-.. w>iv v>« ,,,ui,.,, t -_- ,.« L heavy lawn, with deep hemstitched hem: shoulder- H
I <Pk m *n \ I r natty * strap, wide strtnrs and *blb. all hemstitched; eartra Ions G&
!a >w tailor suns when you can get them and very .wide. Money saving opportunities. I15c W
I ¦ at T t A h £Tve. C aTTT.iHi - ,' ALSO. LADIES' KITCHEN APRON'S, made of §1
I CtIa . 1-ADIkS SUITS, made of cood qual- very best quality Scotch elnghajn.' with bib. she-ulder- M
i \\\&y "*" all-wool cheviot. Jacket cut In the straps and wide strings; full length: extm wide. Our HI
\ /Ww» new Eton effect, long in front, double- half price Z. ,. 35 C M
I y I breasted, trimmed with stitched taffeta / W
s sA • \ bands, lined with b*st quallfr Italian A Iniirh tft MfltfirA £3
i ><! \\\ cloth, skirt seven sored flounce, lined luucn lo NatUrC Jk M
S C •// ' •' La\ ™»th best quality silkollne. and corduroy i_ r.. . uj D ae % T?t rf
3 b °un<*- Colors, blue, black, tan and La ITanCe flip rQQ. _y>» N
t S. V.'i Ihl v^T 1^ "..^Ji '^J.J" 111 It rounds the form and pro<Suc«* the TfeA H
I se«Th?k on! nt °° $ SftV&X 9ir^ « ff *<* «" prevailing fashion*: no t2sV H
-s— ~ 5ea this one at SIO.OO W |r« or objectionable material to become SSI
1 « . I c-. . . , „ . tl^nrrnnKed: llsht in welKht. Why havo &*4 £3
£ .This la no so-called overstocked sale of IH-flt tine ft }J M
a cheap underwear, but a sale of drummers' samples. HnciPrt/ T/»!L #»£,* M
3 some sllRhtly soiled from b*ing h»«dlt>«l, all made of Hosiery Mllh. ifjWA »*J
U x*v?3E5*v /*f\ AGAIN — LADIES' HOSE, made of good quality M
( wlt'JSk^S Q^^J AH Egyptian Cotton, hl*h *<p!tcpd hcels and toes, white teet ti
*l \/ 3 fcV>^W£ / K*S A&& ' a suro curc for tpn<u ' r fwt, extra lonir arul very elastic' H
t$ VTwirfuW nr^n. V*^ "mall store's price «. ...12V»c Jrj
I rffl l%m\ @-J*L* Children's Hose at Half Price. 1
?i i )\ u I (\Qy\\ J$?^S)rI CHILDREN'S HOSE, m.ide v«ry b««t Quality For- »
« , '¦]/,' I //^'^ 1 1 f-Erftry I mosn Cotton, warranted fast black, double heels, toes H
3 . |||:'/ , / \lf iVI/ 1 \ J I and knees, ribbed and very elastic, worth twice this H
I X 'lk J& E^\W \l It's Values Like These Make Us Busy. I
£1 A I :K yV another sample line- >-«. to
=3 / \\ W'Kj^KCJSte^S* JIV V You know lfs money In your pocket . YtQST^&t^t S
•t / \ 1 \ V s * / to know that Joe Rosenberg: has C^*PxS>«S§*
a / M / \ / \ Purchased a sample line of goods. \H5}?kM^ II
fl / I V v \ « ' Tlie buckles come In every lm- CSJI
« ' )" X \ .•* aginable shape, from tha solltalro w
» \ \' * o *»* get Matrix to the new Kangaroo ¦ w M
j «--^. -»<*-» v shapes; lomt are made of best untarnishable tilt: k|
1 • f\R& Ri in RRf others oxidized, some cut and riveted ste«l; others steel H
4 uoe oi.iu ooc and turquoise combination. These prices should prove a M
4 FIRST, we havo ladles' white skirts made of best revelation to you. We bought these samples for less 13
I quality soft finished muslin, deep flounce with embroid- than half, and you'll get the benefit. m
a ery insertion finished with deep embroidery ruffle, ex- ra- nuclei** now t k« M
| tr*aduat ruine. Extra wide, full length. Extraordinary aOO Buckles now'I!!'.!!!!!!'.!'.".!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.'!!!!!!.' % 33S H
I bleached muslin, double yoke back, front yoke tucked .* . n -•**¦* 51
nnd 'hemntltched nnd drawn through with ribbon, square *+•*& A Kare UDDOrttinity tO DUV ft
cut front, trimmed with lace nnd rlbhon beadlnp. deep >Z+ J> . l*f w< ••-«¦•/ •— —*¦/ * i
ruffle of extra good lawn finishing off the yoke from the \L J^i'l NeCKWear 51
. .. shoulder to the front, ruffle edged with fine torchon lace, t!"">*J ,¦> >¦>...•, N
r neck and sleeves finished with ruffle of fine lawn edged u J> At Prices Below Actual SI
j with lace. Beyond belief at this price 98c Gfittv Cnit nt Mnbinn K
ALSO, LADIES' DRAWERS, made of very best WTOC winning. «
quality soft bleached muslin; deep ruffle of very best /Im\^v LADIES' JABOT, mad> with fancy two- w
quality t'oint. de rnris insertion of the bow-knot pat- ALt&Js) P leco collar of good quality satin. Jabot of £|
¦?. tprn and erircotl with lnoe to match, thpso drawers arc tfTSKTS^ " cst al'-sllk chiffon, edged with satin rib- C|
cut wide and full, must be seen to be appreciated.. Of>c bon, colors pink, blue and black; literally ftf
ANOTHER^LADIES' CHEMISE made of very best given away at this price 55c ffl
I quality nainsook, trimmed with fine torchon lace, front »!.¦>•,. j o* •• *. ** ¦¦ II
A finely tucked and hemstitched. Beyond competitton.SoC Neat, Dainty and Stylish UVerCOllarS. J
I ?J?J HISFSIfltllS SStfAS'&SSSMrWSr' StSViOSi B
trimmed, drawn through with ribbon. The material f Pnm Thooo nr« nfTAr«ri «u»vh»r« *« Mnriim at 9^*» 19
I can't bo bought at the price we ask for this garment Ou™prlce.^?..f..!.°... "?.... !?.T.V.?..?."._.5f...!:. 10c H
s Fashionab'e Women, Read This. We Are Manufacturers. i
the latest craze in belts is the Persian gold That's the Reason We Sell for Less Than ft
i band. It is made of best untarnishable gilt, inter- U/K«l««al« D«;#> A > ti
i woven with silk threads, giving a decidedly Oriental ef- wnoiesaie rrices. jvj
feet, finished with dainty gilt buckle. For this coming LADIES* "WRAPPERS, neatly made and perfect flt- B
j week's selling ; 59c ting, is what we believe in supplying to our patrons. M
f ALSO, LAJDIES' PATENT LEATHER BELT, made LADIES* WRAPPERS, made of very best quality ki
1 of best quality patent leather, Patentine lined, the new percale, ntted back, full front, waist lined, full ruffle B*
I graduated effect, coming long in front, finished with the back, front and over the shoulders, flounced bottom. K
latest dip buckle. A surprise to all ..45c Our money saving price 81.2o ||
ROSENBERG^ *| 1
M.nord«r. 816 yVY&rlcet Street, . PBBLAr( fl
Solicited. : . RUNNING THROUGH TO / / O'FAHHELt. STABBT. BUILDI.VQ* 3the jumps and sprints and earned half
the points for their school. A few gram
mar school records' were lowered by the
youths, who may some day develop into
eood athletes. - -
Dodge of the Crocker School won the
mile run with ease. He nearly lapped
Morton and Hazell, his opponents, and
finished Incredibly strong 1 . Had he been
GRAMMAR SCHOOL LADS ON THE CINDER PATH AND THE FIELD. THE
YOUNG ATHLETES SPRINTED AND JUMPED IN INTERSCHOOL CON
TESTS AND THE RESULTS GIVE PROMISE OF ATHLETIC FUTURES. .
Memorial Day Committee.
Mayor Phelan haa appointed the follow
ing committee to take charge of the Me
morial day ceremonies:
General \niliam R. Shatter. S. "W. Carpen
ter, F. Cummings. J S. French. George H.
Wall Is. George T. Johnson. J. R Lauck. A.
K. Conn, Horace Wil«m. Colonel ThomM F
O-Keil. Samuel W. Wood, A. G. Hubbard,
R. B. Dowdali. J. C. Currier, Major Georpe
Filmer, F. \V. Dohnnann Jr.. H. P. Bush,
W. W. Montague. F. S. Drady and George W.
Chaplin.
Are You a Buffalo P
Ton cannot ro to th« Pan-American Exposi
tion at Buffalo tor "eleven cfnts." but the
comfortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road,
"The Buffalo Short Line," which leave Chi
cago at convenient hours for all Coast con
nection*, carrying unexcelled Nickel Plate
Dining Cars, In which American Club meals
are served at prtcts varying from S5 cents to
J1.00. will satisfy the most fastidious. Book
free showing Pan-American Exposition Views
JAT W. ADAMS. P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker
building. San Francisco. Cal.,
UPPETT CHAjXG ED » =
WITH MISCOITOTJCT
Accused of Soliciting Fees for a Sac-
ramento Lawyer to Land Chi
nese Immigrants.
United States Immigration Inspector
Hart JCorth is investigating charges made
against Chinese Inspector H. E. Tippett.
The charges were made to Commissioner
General Powderly by B. N. Bugby, Tax
Collector of Sacramento County. Mr.
Bugby says that Louis Chang, a China
man, had told him that Charles T.
Hughes, a Sacramento attorney, and Tip
pett had demanded of him ?75 each for
the landing of five Chinamen.
Tlppett denies all knowledge of the
transaction, hughes says that the
amount that he asked of Chong was at
torney's fees for tryine to land the men
In the usual legal way. Inspector Tiu
pett has not been suspended and has not
been served with a copy of the charges.
He has the reputation of being a zealous
and faithful officer and is not well spoken
of by attorneys engaged In landing Chi
nese, which is a recommendation in his
favor.
Pictures at Half -Price.
Following our usual custom during this
month,' we will close out «t lot of odd
framed pictures at exactly one-half prlce.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Two Persons Found Dea.
An unknown woman was found dead In
bed yesterday morning in a lodging-house
at 327 Montgomery avenue. She engaged
a room three days before for a week and
had been drinking- heavily. ¦ The body was
taken to the Morgue. . '-*'*,?, ¦
David Noonan. a : carriage painter, re
siding at 706 Larkin street, was found dead
In bed at 6:40 o'clock yesterday mora
ine, with the gas turned on. The gaa key
was very loose and NJonan's nieces, with
whom he lived, expressed the belief that
his death was accidental. Mr. Noonan
was a native of. Ireland, 69 years old. He
was unmarried. . ,
This Is to notify the friends of the Vet
eran Volunteer Firemen's Association of
California that Its annual picnic will be
held at Sunset Park, ¦ Santa Cruz Moun
tains, on Sunday, June 9, 1901, and not at
San Rafael on June 23, 190L ;v ¦ •
- MONET RAISED FOR WIDOW AND OR
PHANS—The benefit for the widow and or
phans of the late Edward x Barrick, who per
ished In the wreck of the Rio. had a most
satisfactory result, ' netting $739 95. and th
committee of the. Freundschafts Saenger Bund"
under whose auspices the benefit was held, lii
the latter ' part ' of March/ turned over $800 to
the beneficiaries. The Herman's Sons assist
ed ably in securing the fund. "
DISPUTE OVER
POINT OF LAW
Conlan and Seymour Dis
agree About Robbery
Charge.
Police Judge Conlan and Captain of De
tective Seymour have hurled defiance a
each other. It was"- expected that the dif
ficulty would be settled in fifteen minutes
but the two opponents have decided to de
clare a truce till to-morrow, when some
thing will drop, unless one or the othei
recedes from the position he has as
sumed.
The case of John Desmond and Johr
Hart, charged with robbery, has been ir
the Judge's court for the last three weeks
They were arrested three weeks ago to
day by Policemen Perclval and' McHugl
on the charge of robbing Edith Bashford
a little eirl whose parents then resided ai
177 Thirteenth street. They met her on
Thirteenth street near Howard and Des
mond was accused of forcibly taking from
her two silver bracelets and a gold ring.
They were seen by George McDonald, 214M
Castro street, -who gave the alarm and
Percival and McHugh caught them after
a chase of five blocks.
Yesterday morning the Judge, aftei
hearing the evidence, instructed the offl
cers to get McDonald to swear to a com
plaint for petty larceny, within flfteer
minutes, otherwise he would dismiss th<
cases.
The policemen reported the fact to Cap
tain Seymour, who instructed them to re
port back to the Judge that he would give
him fifteen minutes to alter his mind,
otherwise he would take the matter be
fore the Grand Jury, as he deemed the
actions of the prisoners constituted a
clear case of robbery.
The officers went back to the courtroom
and notified the Judge of the raptaln's
decision. Conlan was angry. "Well." he
said, "you tell Captain Seymour for me
that I advise him to keep as far away
from the Grand Jury as God Almighty
will allow him. I propose to run my court
in accordance with the laws of the State
without dictation from him. and If a com
plaint is not sworn to by Monday charg
ing the defendants with petty larceny
the cases will be dismissed and Captain
Seymour will be responsible for two
thieves escaping punishment." The cases
were accordingly continued till to-mor
row. The Judge said that the evidence
showed that there was neither force nor
intimidation used, which was necessary In
a case of robbery and it was clearly a
case of petty larceny.
- Hart has already served two terms for
petty larceny. Nothing is known against
Desmond, but the articles taken from the
girl were found in his possession when he
was searched. ¦ ; .
The Board of Fire Commissioners will
not assume control of the Firemen's Mu
tual Aid Society without first establishing
its authority to do so in an action at law.
Suit to • restrain the board from taking
further action toward gaining such con
trol was filed yesterday by George F.
Maxwell, through his attorneys, Lennon
& Hawkins. .
In the petition for an injunction, Max
well, who was the former secretary of the
board, alleges that in April, 1000, it passed
a resolution prohibiting members of the
department from maintaining any society
or association without its specific authori
zation. Subsequently, it is claimed, the
board endeavored to foist and force upon
the association a new set of bylaws and
though the members refused to comply
with the demands of the board, that body
recently ordered that an election of ofli
cers for a new association, under the new
bylaws, be held. Ballots were issued to
the members of the department with in
structions for them to vote, it is set forth,
"and," continues the petitioner, "mem
bers of the department are forced to obey
the instructions, being fearful that dis
obedience would result in the loss of their
position."
This action upon the part of the board,
It Is claimed, is for the purpose of layinr
a foundation to usurp and interfere with
the name of the society now In existence
to secure control of the funds and prop
erty of the society and to unreasonably
invade the private rights of the memDers
In conclusion it is stated by the petitioner
that the action taken by the board Is not
necessary for the discipline or efflciency
of the society. Hence the court is asked
to issue an injunction perpetually restrain
ing the board, the members of which are
Holla V. Watt, John H. Grady, M. H
Hecht and J. C. McKinstry, from count
ing the ballots that may have been sent
in for officers of the new society or other
wise interfering with the Firemen's Mu
tual Aid Society. •
Maxwell Sues to Enjoin
the Fire Commis
sioners.
third. Distance, 36 feet i% Inches.
High Jump— Cavanaugh (C.) first. Mays
(Hm.) and Morton (P. H. S.) tied . for sec
ondiplace. Height." 5 feet 3 inches.
• Broad jump — Cavanaugh (C.) first. Beam (H.)
second and Norton (P. H. S.) . third. Distance,
17 feet 8 inches. ¦ • ,
Pole vault-Lang (C.) first,. ' Campbell (C.)
second and Ober (C.) third. ' Height, 8 feet 11
Inches.
Officials-Starter, Vosberg, Lowell High
School; timers— Tatum, Mohrig,' Lawton, C
Hadenfeldt Jr. ; judges, Patton and Feldmann:
announcer, \V. H. Hutton.
DEFENDS OLD
ASSOCIATION
FIELD EVENTS.
Ten-pound shotput— Sessions (P. H. S.) first,
Bertz (C.) second and Jackson ; (P. H. S.)
Mile . relay race — Crocker Grammar SehooV
first; Pacific • Heights second and
third. . Time,. 3:49.. . .. '... - . •
Mile run— Dodge (C.) first, Morton (P. H. S.)
second and Hazell (Hm.) third. Time. 3:25.
440-yard run— Bertz (C.) first, Mohrigr (C.)
second. Time, :5S 2-5. -^.
220-yard run— Lane (C.)' first, O'Brien (Hm.)
second and Mohrlg (C.) third. ' Time. :25 4-5. •
8S0-yard walk— Sessions (P. H. S.) first, Tay
lor (P. H. S.) second and Barry (C.) third.
Time. 4:15.
100-yard dash: .First heat— Lang (C.) first.
Airy (P. H. S.) second and O'Brien (Hm.)
third. Second heat— Norton (P. H. S.) and
Beam (H.) tied, O'Connor (Hm.) third. Final—
Lang (C.) first. Beam (H.) second and Norton
(P. H..S.) third. Time, :11. . .
880-yard ran- Gertz (C.) first, Hazell (Hm.)
second and Morton (P. H. S.) third. . Time,
2:22. '.'.'.
60-yard dash : First heat— Norton (P. H. ' S.)
and Beam (H.) tied, Campbell (C.) third.
Second heat— Airy (P. H. S.) first, O'Connor
(Hm.) second. ¦ Final— Beam (H.) first, Norton
(P. H. S.) second and Airy (P. H. S.) third-
Time, :06 1-5. - . • . ¦-.
SUMMARY.
Abbreviations— C., Crocker; P. H. 8., Paci
fic Heights School; H., Hearst; Hm., Hamil
ton.
pressed he would have undoubtedly
broken the record. The mile relay race
was highly exciting. The Crocker School
boys put forth a strong team and cap
tured the event by nearly a lap. Follow
ing is a summary of the field day: .
-.. Trapper* I Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Sruc*lit< 'JOa flajdc Richards & Co.V 406 Clur.*
Colonial Minstrels' Performance.
The Colonial Minstrels, a new local or
ganization, will give their first perform
ance to-morrow evening at Golden Gate
Hall. The programme will be as follows:
Overture, Medley, company; selections, boy
trio (W. Gunn, J. Kemp, D. Gorham) ; polo,
"Asleep in the Deep," J. Saunders; end song,
"It's Up To Me," B. Berretta; barytone solo,
"For Old, Times' Sake," F. Gunn; end song,
"Lady With a Ragtime -Walk.'.' B. McMahon;
tenor solo, "Honey, Stay in Your Own Back
yard," R. Hunt; Warren J. . Keane, "The
Wizard"; monologue, B. Perry; basso cante,
"Davy Jones' Locker," V> r . Smith; end song,
"I Know Them A11,"H. Thomas; banjo quar
tet. ' members * U. C. Banjo Club; end sontr,
"If I Only Had a Dollar of My Own." F.
Eckenrotb. Jr.; sketch, - selected, G. Rodgers;
end song, "You Said a Plenty," B. Gleason;
solo, "The Palms," J.G. Fraser; grand finale.
Tlie People's Opportunity.
The clothing assignee sale that Is now
going on is the place to get your clothing.
As a special inducement there will be on
sale to-morrow ¦ 1000 men's suits for $4.65.
The suits are custom-made, all styles In
blue, gray, Jjrown, black or mixtures, clay
worsted, blue serges, all-wool cheviot In
various shades, single or double breasted,
round or square cut, worth none less than
?15 to $20, all will go to-morrow for $4.65
a suit at the clothing assignee saJe of the
Boston, 773 Market street, near Fourth.
P. C.Kelly, assignee. ?
Movement for Clean Streets.
The civic department of the California
Cl«b notified the Board of Supervisors
¦yesterday that It Is . about to undertake
a "clean streets campaign." JX. asks the
board to take all means for enforcing or
dinances relating to keeping the city's
thoroughfares in proper order.
MBS. PFAFF IS JtELEA&ED
' ON BAIL BY JXH3GE COOK
Woman Accused of Murder Allowed
Her Liberty in Order to Bury
Husband.
Mrs. Maggie Pfaff, who Is awaiting trial
on the charge of having killed her friend,
Mrs. Mamie Marvin, by throwing a light
ed lamp at her during a quarrel, was yes
terday released on $1000 ball by Judge Car
roll Cook.
Attorney Walter Gallagher had Mrs.
Pfaff produced before Judge Cook on a
writ of habeas corpus. The unfortunate
woman was escorted Into the courtroom
and wept bitterly during the proceedings.
Her husband, distracted by the accusa
tion against his wife, hanged himself a
few days ago.
Attorney Gallagher desired to argue the
habeas corpus proceedings, but the prose
cution stated that Stenographer Vernon
had not written up the testimony taken
in the Police Court.
Assistant District Attorney Whiting
was placed on the witness stand and de
tailed the principal evidence taken In the
lower court. He testified that he did not
think Mrs. Pfaff could be found guilty
of murder, but thought she might be con
victed of manslaughter.
Pending the preparation of the trans
cript of evidence given in the Police Court,
Judge Cook admitted Mrs. Pfaff to bail.
Two bondsmen were In waiting and she
at once made her way to the Morgue,
where her husband's body was lying. The
hearing of the writ of habeas corpus will
take place on Thursday morning. .
Edwin H. Conger, United States Minis
ter to China, left San Francisco last even
ing at 6 o'clock bound for his Iowa home.
Several hours before hla departure he re
ceived a message that he would find at
his disposal when he arrived at Ogden the
private car of Horace G. Burt, president
of the Union Pacific Railroad. Colonel
D. W. Hitchcock conveyed Mr. Burt's
tender to the Minister at the Occidental
Hotel and Minister Conger readily accept
ed the courtesy. It was also announced by
wire that John N. Baldwin, a well-known
politician of the Hawkeyo State, would
be in the railroad president's private car
to escort the Congers from Ogden to
Council BlufTs. '• . ,.
. The Minister will proceed directly via
the Union Pacific to the Missouri River.
He will arrive at the "Bluffs" early
Wednesday morning and thus be able to
receive the citizens of that place- and
make the trip from the river to Ues
Moines during the day.
All the indications point to Mr. Conger's
acceptance of the Republican nomination
for Governor of Iowa and this, of course,
means that the President must select
some other man to fill the important ofllce
of United States Minister to China. The
California delegation of seven Represent
atives and two Senators in Congress may
be able to convince the President that a
Calif ornian should be appointed to suc
ceed Mr. Conger. . f^^c^
Will Travel From Ogden
in President' Burt s
Coach.
p-*-j|*>3 HE Crocker Grammar School gave
1 evidence at the fourth annual
I field day of the Grammar School
Jt Athletic Club, held at the Olym
j pic Club grounds yesterday, that
It possessed youths who were good ath
letes and girls who cari outshout a band
of Comanche Indians. . The Crocker
School boys won the day by a big mar
gin,, but they can thank their sisters for
the tremendous shouts of encouragement
that greeted them as they lined up for
each event. Small boys ran riot over the
grounds, despite the presence, of two po
licemen. The little fellows wanted to see
and a force of officers could not restrain
them.. They followed ; the runners round
the track and coached" them.' They 'got
in the way of the contestants and spoiled
the spectators' view, but cared nothing
of it. . . -
When a youth named Barry, who rep
resented the Crocker School, was round
ing the turn in the mile walk a small boy
took exception to his style of walking
and landed on his jaw, ending his chance
In the close struggle.
Lang and Cavar.augh were the stars of
the occasion. They were invincible in
CONGER LEAVES
FOR HIS HOME
THE SAN FBAyclSCO^CALL^^STJNDAY; :^PRIL 28, 19oi
Youthful Athletes Give Evidence of Developing Into Good
Trackmen— -Grammar Grade Records Are Lowered
and New -Marks 4 Are Established by the Youngsters
CROCKER SCHOOL BOYS CARRY
THE DAY IN ANNUAL FIELD TRIALS
CROCKER GRAMMAR SCHOOL,
62 POINTS.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS SCHOOL,
31 POINTS.
. HEARST GRAMMAR SCHOOL,
15 POINTS.
\ HAMILTON GRAMMAR SCHOOL,
9 POINTS.
22
OF FINE
This week we will'haYe a special
sale of the following Fine Linen
Goods for household purposes;
Hand and Power Loom Table Damasks,
Fine Damask Dinner Sets, Plain and
Hemstitched Lunch Sets, Damask Nap-
kins, Damask and Huckaback Towels,
both Hemmed and Hemstitched) Rus-
sian, Irish and Scotch Towelings, and
; Glass Linens, Hand Embroidered Stand
Covers, Trau Cloths, Center Pieces, Tea
Cloths Pillow Shams, Bed Sets and
Doulies, -
All the above Linens are from the best mak-
ers in Europe, and will be sold bu us
much less than the present value of thB
goods. _______
We will also sell this week about 175 pairs
Fine White Mission Blankets, for three-
auarter, full size and extra size beds?
¦¦prices &4.OO, &5.OO ana
SbG.OO pair. These blankets are
the balance of our winter stock, hence
the low prices.
•.-liUI.-IIS. IIS.1I7, 119. 121 POST STREET. y
EXPERT OPTICIAK.
DR.M5NDLTY.
T^i 3 y^i X - K:N n O . WN AND RELIABLE OLD
«ni \ Z?' s^ mh '»'I Weakness. Imp u t«-nc<> and their
ante.! Diwrders. »ook on Diseaiw ol 'Me." !?"«!
2Sta2S2 r i'^2 tOl 2fi T * t anda ".10 to 12. Consul.
UUoufreeandsacredly confldentiaL Call or addrtsa
¦ ' P.RO8COE MeNBlTY. M. D.
«e>iKoarayStn »an Franciac©. Ca*-
Cash-or-Little-at-a-Timc. i
COUCHES
of every description and in
the newest shapes. Easy »
Chairs to match in up-to* i
date styles — all made of the
new material, Pantasote. dia- '
moijd tufting and uphol- 1 '
stered in all hair. Hand-
somer than leather and at all
prices far below what you 1
-•:J, pay elsewhere, for we pay
no rent and save you that '
much on each purchase
somebody has to pay the high
rent — don't you pay it. All
kinds of house furnishing f
\ goods at rock-bottom prices. \
JTHE J. NO0N»N FUBNITU1E COMPANY?
[ " '¦'-'¦ " 'Incorporated), )
) IO1 7- I O23 Mission Street. }
) Above. Sixth. - Saa FranctaeoA
We close »t 6 p.m. mry t%j tat Saturday. (
Keith's largest line trimmed hats In the
United States, under the personal super-
vision of Mme. Alma E. Keith, 808 Market
street. Phelan building 1 . •
I $3,OQ I
I GLOVES j
ra This week we place on sale our |
S£ entire line of shoulder and elbow 1
H length French suede ooera and 1
H party gloves in all shades and |
H If you cannot take advantage of |
I this GREAT BARGAIN yourself |
h tell your .frie'nds about it j
H It will pay to cut them down j
a for- evening wear. " |
I MOSS' GLOVE STORE 1
I 1210 MARKET STREET j 3
H Taylor and Jones. • |
Just one item to-
S**H d&y from the «•«•
Frisco Boys, but
IgHHi it's sweet enough
1 1 Pl|jwi» ee th - at p^ etty suit
I ' iillililil^P the latestthingin those-
I [I W^wMiiiW outing str pe cheviots
P nlllSlw built with the broad
- W^||||J|||^^P^^ military shoulders, to
fit chaps between the
lii Hi ages of 7 and 1 4 years *-
vl Iw uSto nd °^ course y° u
Ww W^% know how we build
rail ill boys' clothes, the snap-
¦ |Sj |n piest, smartest boys'
'¦ lilffl clothes in all Frisco. |
vm lU ' Jhis suit:Monday:in
P 1]| our big Juvenile De-
M • \il partment at
HONESTLY WORTH DOUBLE
»•••••• ••«»»t»«»» > « « « .»¦»-»-» »•••••• •••• •••••• •••• • • • 1
\ II yov'rc Iivinj out of town our new ]| || Want to know about the smart ;
* booK vill pkee you right in tovch |; \] Ihingsfor spring and summer? Get j
* with our latest doings. Send lor it. ; " our new book; we'll mail it to you. \
¦¦•UmIONSqUAPcAvc
The House That Likes Wail Orders.
OF THE AMERICAN COLLEGE OF OPH-
thalmolcgry, an Eminent Eye and Ear Surgeon,
confers the HIGHEST HONORS and awards a
diploma to Mr.
GEORGE MAYEBLE,
The German Expert Optician, 1071% Market at,
San Francisco, Cal.
The President's Letter :
George Mayerle— Dear Sir: The faculty is
highly pleased with the SPLENDID MANNER
In which you have succeeded In passing the ex-
amination. You have been awarded diploma
conferring the Doctor of Ophthalmology degree.
The faculty considers that you fully merit this
high honor, as the examinations imposed were
of such a character as to thoroughly determine
your fitness \ to follow the noble profession you
have chosen: Very truly yours, ' ,
WILLIAM F. CATHCART, M. D..
President of the American College of Ophthal-
. mology.' '...-,'.
Negected Fyesight AffecJs the Brain
The Wrong Glasses "Will Ruin th«
',^, A »- Strongest Eyes. . :
MAYEBXE'S Glasses Strengthen the
. - Eye and Brain.
Mayerle's glasses are far superior to all others
for. reading or distance, weak eyes, poor sight,
headaches, dizziness, cloudiness of vision, float-
ing spots, pain about the eyes, behind the head
or temples, nervousness, sore eyes, discharging
eyes, feeling like sand In the eyes, cross eyes,
burning, smarting. Itching, scratching, twitch-
ing, gluey or discharging eyes, heavy eyelids,
etc. Mayerle' s glasses rest the eyes, strengthen
the ¦ optic nerve and preserve. the sight. May-
erle's glasses -are now used by the ¦ highest
United States Army, S&vy and Government
officials. - .¦•-, . ¦ . ¦ \ - ,
GEORGE MATERLE, ¦ German Expert Opti-
cian (German Optical Institute): also graduate
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF OPHTHALMOL-
OGY. (Charter Member American Association
of Opticians.)/ -¦ - ¦-"¦"•;-
1071 14 Market Street
(Opposite Hibernla Bank, San Francisco, Cal.)
Persons ordering- glasses by mail should state
their age; also whether glasses are wanted for
reading, or distance, or both, and what price. •
Consultation, Examination and Advice Free.
Telephone,, South 572. Open ' Evenings Until 9.
German • Eyewater, 50 Cents. .
CUT ; THIS OUT. - -
lp* g Has to-day placed us where *W
1 fi we are — t^ ie most substantial \ §f
g ' ln< i responsible shoe house on H H
/ g he coast — during this time we I \
. m a iave devoted our energies ex- B \
i g clusively to the shoe business g \
g 1 — striving at all times to better 1 t 1
B j a serve the needs of our custom- jj a
\ B ers. To-day in our new depart- a X B
\ a ment we sell $3.50 shoes for B B
B men and women that represent a
\ V only our high standard of tx- \ B
B \ cellence^ — what we say we JB Ja.
"^^afi^l^l g. - 107-llt KEARNY^^^^^^*" 2 *^^^"^
;* TVPTgR. > TTgTrM"K7J 'I**?.
i THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE i
I 1106 Market Street. n
| TELEPHONE SOUTH 472. N
| Our constantly increas- I
| ing trade necessitates new B
| goods every week. |
] New Silk Waists 1
I New Dress Skirts 1
I New Tailor Suits 1
I ¦ V/3 have also i
j &&& received a ship- |
*ej$ ment of new ma» f,
| ><^A^w ' t8rIa '* COnSlStln ff I
/)<mi of Prune'Ia Cloth, \
//\\\A Worsted Cheviot, B
// /^Nflr Yenetlan a n d H
(J f-\ oth3r fashionable 1
f sf\ \ Supplied in ~ H
I R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY. 1
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.I TRIAL OF ALLEGED CHINESE MXTRDER
ERS.—Suey Ho Mun and Ho lion, accused of
murdering • Wongr Goey at Dupont and Pacific
streets on March 17, 1900, were tried yester
day before Judge Lawlor. The Jury stood eight
for conviction and four for acquittal.
Union Labor.
The Ferry Drug Co., 8 Market street,
known as "The Little Drug Store with
the big business," is the first to adopt
early closing hours. All their clerks hold
union labor cards. - . •
Last Seton Thompson .Lecture.
All tha' children in town seemed to;be
Included In the Seton" Thompson audience
at Metropolitan Temple yesterday ' after
noon. The little 'folks followed the for
tunes of "the, big bear,. the mother bear
and the wee bear'.' with breathless Inter
est.' Mr. Thompson has a charming way
of * telling his~ stories, and It is a very
small child indeed that is unable to enjoy
the vivid tale of /'Little Johnny!' and
"Grumpy" and poor old- Lobo, the king,
wolf. In the. evening another large audi
ence greeted -the: lecturer,- whose : subject
was "Personality^ in Wild Animals."
Music in the Park.
The Park Band will render the follow
ing programme this afternoon:
Overture, "Le Roi d'Yvetot" Adam
Mazourka, "Les Ondines du Nil" Grognet
Selection from "Tannhauser".... Wagner
- With cornet solo by. Mr. Mahood.
"Serenade" (solo for cornet) Schubert
Performed by. D. C. Rosebrook. i
Themes from "Madame Angot'.' Lecocq
Overture. "Guarani" Gomez
"Waltz. "New Del Monte" Reddlnir
Finale Becond act of "Aida"....: Verdi
Morceau. "Aubade Printanlere" Lacome
March, "Atlantic City Board Walk"..Schroeder
A Book on San Francisco.
The Santa Fe has just issued a beautiful
booklet descriptive of San Francisco and vicin
ity, lavishly illustrated with artistic halt-tones
and a number of up-to-date maps.
Copies may be had by sending 10 cents in
stamps to the General Agent, Santa Fe, at
641 Market street, San Francisco. v. '*' - T
Mrs. Kincaid Entertains Teachers.
. Mrs. Kincaid," president of the Board of
Education, was the hostess at a reception
yesterday afternoon in the rooms of the
loariat the City Hal!. The teachers of
the fourth arid fifth grades were delight
fully entertained by the lady who guides
the educational destinies of the commun
ity, in accordance with, her custom:ini
tiated at the beginning of her term. The
rooms were tastefully decorated with a'
profusion ot cut flowers and foliage and
250 teachers availed • themselves of Mrs.
K'.ncrJd's hospitality. The afternoon was
pleasantly spent in social converse and
light refreshments were served to . the
guests. Mrs. Kincaid was assisted in re
ceiving bj* the Misses Jeffers and Mrs.
Frank Kincaid. Directors. Denman and
Mark also lent their presence to the af
fair.'-which was successful,, even to ¦ the
smallest detail. -
Two Men Spring From
. . BlufFs to Death in
| \ Water.
. r , ". — •
Clioose Opposite Sides of Pe
ninsula and the Same
Hour.
V;;r * «':--\- : -
The bodies of two unknown men wer»
brought to the Morgue last night. Both
had ended their lives In the same man
ner and at about the same time. Both
were about the same age, and In the pock
ets' of each all that was found was a
knife. WSsMi
One body was found in the water at
Lands End by Henry Strasser, a fisher*
man. He drew it ashore and telephoned
for the Coroner's deputies. When they
arrived they had the utmost difficulty in
getting the body to their wagon and spent
three hours in carrying It up the steep
cliffs. The remains were those of a plain
ly dressed, gray-haired man, evidently
about 50 years of aee.
The second body was found In the Dev
ils Pool, near Hunters Point. The cliffs
at this point are more than 100 feet high
and the suicide had evidently Jumped
from that height into the water. Hi3
skull was badly crashed from contact
with the rocks.
Both bodies had been in the water about
an hour when found.
BOTH END LIFE
THE SAME WAY
on the 25th inst. and contents noted. - The com
munication was regularly taken up at a meet
ing of the executive committee of the Res
taurant Keepers' Association held April 26,
1901.
Articles I and II were read, but after hear
ing them the committee aa a whole refused to
consider the document further. Being in dfrect
conflict with the by-laws . of the Restaurant
Keepers' Association it • is Impossible for the
association to take any action on any part
of the agreement whatever until the same are
eliminated. Yours truly,
M. JOHNSON.
Chairman Ex. Com. Restaurant Keepers' Assn.
" The rejection of the agreement has
ended all attempts at arbitration, as the
proprietors say they will not recede from
the stand taken by them.
. Chairman . Johnson said last night: "
"The restaurant keepers have organized
and are prepared for battle. Let. the
Walters' Alliance submit another agree
ment with ¦ the objectionable paragraphs
eliminated and we will have no trouble In
coming to terms; but as it is we positive
ly refuse to consider it. ~ — -.
Restaurant Owners Are Prepared.
: "Every restaurant, keeper of any note
in this city is a member of the organiza
tion and our financial condition Is such
that we are prepared for anything the
alliance may attempt. We expected this
thing and are prepared for It, both finan
cially and in' strength due to organiza
tion. . . .
"At present I am not prepared to state
what. will be done, but I can assure you
that when the strike or boycott or what
ever you choose to call it is over the res
taurants will still be running, and while
It is on our patrons -will be fed.
"The schedule, without the objection
able paragraphs, has our approval with
the exception of a few minor points. The
question of wage and hours of work we
have discussed frequently and the asso
ciation is at present preparing a schedule
covering these much mooted points,
which agrees with that submitted in al
most every; particular. However, we will
nQt" bother '. about, that ' now, as we ¦ are
making a fight on a section of the agree
ment displeasing to us and until that is
settled we will discuss no other.
. "All the members of ¦ our association are
bonded ; to keep Its laws and ¦ I am sure
they Intend doing- : so. In organizing- we
discussed every point liable. to be brought
up on occasions like this and made pro
visions accordingly, and In consequence
have: not been caueht unawares. ,
"In view of the approaching: reception
to -President McKinley. the situation ap
pears desperate for the public, but I think
it will be settled before he arrives.'"
ATTOENEY GENERAL DENIES
COOK PERMISSION TO SUE
Rules Against Contention of ex-Jus
tice of Peace That He Is En
titled to Hold.
Attorney General Tirey.L. Ford has de-
,nied the application of former Justice of
the Peace G. W. F. Cook for leave to sue
In the name of the people of the State of
California to test the right of the present
Justices of the Peace to hold their re
spective offices. J
The application of Mr. Cook was refer
red to Deputy Attorney General William
M. Abbott, upon whose report the At
torney General bases his conclusions.
It was contended by Mr. Cook that the
term of office of Justice of the Peace of
the city and county of San Francisco was
four years Instead- of two, and that his
term of office had not expired when his
successor was elected at the last general
election. This contention, however, is re
solved against Mr. Cook by the Attorney
General, -who cites the case of Kahn vs.
Sutro, 114 Cal., 330, together with certain
statutory provisions, including portions of
the county government act, to show that
Mr. Cook is mistaken, and that- his. suc
cessor was properly elected in November
last. . -
ANNEXE JANS HEIES THINK '¦
. . THEY - POSSESS '. MILLIONS
Many. of the , so-called "Anneke Jans"
heirs living in this city, , who lay claim
to the vast estate of- the Trinity Church
corporation in New. York City, are elated
over the publication In- a' Portland (Or.)
newspaper that Mrs. • Frank Goodwin of
Wallula, Wash.-, had < recently . received
word that the New York courts i had
awarded the: $100,000,000 estate to the- claim
ants, who. are. alleged heirs of Anneke
Jans, the original owner of the disputed
land.; ' ' *."-" V/M • : . : -¦ ;' '" ;.¦•'¦¦
There are' more' than 10,000 of the "An
neke Jans'*- heirs- in this country •* and- a
battle for the prpperty has been in prog
ress for many years. No word has been
received -from - New York in the past
month of the .settlement of the- claims
against the Trinity Church property. ¦ The
level-headed heirs . who were seen yester
day stated that they did ,not believe the
northern publication and that it was fool
ish of their associates to give the state
ment any credence. ;,v.V-v
senting two entirely distinct interests the
house at present is a big white elephant.
A significant fact that the Southern Pa
cific no longer caters to Del Monte is ap
parent from the fact that no special or
fast express trains are now running to
that place.
ous opposition to the request of the pros
ecution to set the' second trial of the
woman for June 18. Having been granted
a new trial by the Supreme Court on ac
count of the instructions given by Judge
Cook to the jury on the previous hearing
of the case, Mrs. Botkin seems confident
that her second trial will result in an ac
quittal.
ONCE again Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
once convicted of the murder of
Mrs. John P. Dunning by send
ing poisoned candies to her at her
home in Dover. Del., is prepared
to battle In the courts for her liberty.
Yesterday morning she appeared before
Superior Judge Carroll Cook, and her at
torney, George A. Knight, offered vigor-
FITZHUGH TO BE
HAYS' ASSISTANT
Southern Pacific After
Oriental Traffic Up
; North.
J > — . —
It -was definitely learned yesterday that
¦when E. H. Fitzhugh arrives here he will
take the office in the Southern Pacific as
assistant to President Hays. H. E. Hunt-
Ington will move from his present quar
ters, adjoining those of President Hays
In the Union Trust building, and Fitzhugh
will occupy them.
President Hays has mapped out a great
deal of hard work and he is figuring on
able assistance from Fitzhugh. The road
from Reno to Ogden, that is to be Im
proved and shortened, Involves an im
mense 2mount of work. When this road
has been finally finished it can be op
erated at much less expense and will
have facilities for handling more freight
The coast road has also to be recon
structed. It Is claimed that the con
tractor on this line did not build
the track as he was ordered to,
and that he laid rails around sharp curves
in and around the Salinas Valley to save
the expense of grading. It Is now ad
mitted that the travel to Los Angeles will
again revert to the old line and the coast
division will be used for tourist travel
only. All the fast trains in the future
running between San Francisco and Los
Angeles will be operated over the old
route.
The Oreeon tracks are said to be in
pood condition, but the business up In
the "Webfoot" State will take up a great
deal of Hays' attention. • Active steps will
be taken at once by the Union Pacific and
the Southern Pacific officials combined to
take from the Northern Pacific. Canadian
Pacific and the Great Northern the Ori
ental trade.
President Hays will leave for Texas in
a few weeks. The Southern Pacific tracks
are in bad condition in that State and'
Hays will study the situation preliminary
to making extensive improvements.
The Pacific Improvement Company Is
anxious ot sell Del Monte to the Southern
Pacific Company, but President Hays
frowns down the idea. He is reported to
cave said in regard to tha matter:
"The Southern Pacific Company is In
the railroad business. We want to haul
freight and carry passengers. We don't
v.-ant to be in the hotel business."
What the Pacific Improvement Com
pany will do with the Del .Monte, is
a mystery. Those who »r# on the Inside
say that with the Southern Pacific and
the Pacific Improvement Company repre-
The revenue cutter service In this port
has been inefficient and practically worth
less for a long time and the complaints
on this head are loud and frequent. It
appears that the cutters Hartley and
Golden Gate are almost always laid up
for repairs. At present both are laid up
and the customs authorities are obliged
to hire small gasoline launches to do the
work for which the Treasury Department
has provided two crippled cutters.
When the news reached the Custom
house last Thursday that the Nippon
Maru had been sighted the Hartley and
Golden Gate were up for repairs and
Naval Officer John P. Irish and Customs
Surveyor Spear were obliged; to add to
the national debt the sum of $15 for the
hire of a small gasoline launch to take
the Federal officials to the steamship to
receive Minister Conger. While the quar
antine officers were inspecting the pas
sengers Colonel Irish, Deputy Surveyor
St. John and the United States immigra
tion inspectors on board the launch were
tossed about the deck of the launch in
the rough sea, a bone piercing gale from
the -west blowing: in the meantime.
When the word came that the medical
inspection was over and that the officials
might board the vessel Colonel Irish came
within an ace of losing his life.- Anxious
to be the first. on board, he caught hold
of the ship's ladder, and was about to
place one foot upon it when the launch
moved away from the side of the steam
ship and left him dangling between ths
ship and the launch, in danger of being
crushed between- the two or losing his
hold and falling into the bay. It was
only by the strength of his arms that
he succeeded In slowly hauling himself
out of danger, although for a time the
spectators held their breath in fear.' If
he had fallen In no power could have
saved him, as the waves were running
like a' millrace.
The customs officials have complained
time and again of the inadequate reve
nue cutter service, but Washington seems
deaf to their appeals. They say that it
is a common occurrence for the comman
ders of the cutters to report them in need
of repairs and oblige the officials to hire
gasoline . launches from private parties.
They say that such a state of things 'in
a port which collects for Uncle Sara $600 -
000 a month is disgraceful. .
Naval Officer Has Very-
Narrow Escape From
Drowning.
aware. Judge Cook replied that the ques
tion must be decided by Federal courts,
and Knight retorted that he would take
such p. ste;>.
Finally, when Deuprey announced that
his reason for asking that the case be
set was to save the "sixty-day rule,"
Knight jumped to his feet and asked for
the defense that the case be set for that
date. Judge Cook thereupon set the trial
for June IS.
Mrs. Botkin was quickly taken from the
courtroom and escorted back to the
Branch County Jail. John P; Dunning is
now in the East, and it is not known if he
will return in order to be present at the
trial of the woman who murdered his wife
and sister-in-law.
COLONEL IRISH
HAS CLOSE CALL
short time I secured proof that he was
'dickering' with the natives and arrested
him. At his home I found letters which,
showed that he was still 'in* with the na
tives and had been furnishing Information
despite his parole. He should have been
hanged but was sent to Guam.
Our Government Too Lenient.
•'Freaking of hanging there Is not enough
of it done in Manila. Clemency shown
these chiefs and leaders is but adding an
other foe for our soldiers to battle -with,
a, foeof the most dangerous kind, for hla
work is done under the guise of friend
ship."
Captain Gaines was made chief of the
secret service bureau In November last,
and until his departure about the middle
of March had caused the arrest of 488 na
tive officials in. Manila who were profess
ing friendship for the Americans while
doing all in theirt *»ower to aid the Insur
gents. The captar. ¦ describes the Dictator
of Luzon as a man about 35 years of age,
of slender build and straight, proud car
riage. He Is not very dark, and has a face
that is rather long.
i "A distinguishing feature between Cail
les and other Filipinos," said Captain
Gaines, "is his eyebrows, which are prom
inent, and arched rather than oblique. H»
is a fine looking fellow, and speaks Ta
galog. Spanish and French fluently. He
was born at Jala Jala, Morons, of a
French father and 'English-Indian*
mother."
ACCUSED' WOMAN IN FAMOUS
POISONING CASE, TOGETHER
WITH SISTER AND ATTORNEY.
he . vras to be treated as other leaders
who surrendered had been treated. The
murderous character of the man, thus ex
posed,-rendered our. plans useless. We
were compelled to confiscate his $10,000,
and as soon as he heard of it further com
munication -was rendered useless.
"'I. sent two of our native. soies to his
camp to enlist. They did so, but were
found out. One was put to death, but the
other, escaped and returned to us.
Attacked Dictator's Camp.
"From" information brought by him we
planned an attack, and a force of 200 men
under command of Captain Cotter was
sent to capture one of his camps. The
attack was made, but Cailles escaped.
He left behind him, however, valuable
papers, from which we learned that he
had planned and ordered the murder of
Senor Quisenbing. Mayor of the Pueblo
of Bay, a stanch friend of the Americans.
Papers <vere found which showed that he
also contemplated the killing of many
American soldiers.
"This dictator will prove a thorn In the
side of this government, and before he
is captured .will . cost many lives.
. "There are a number of chiefs or lead
ers who have surrendered to our forces
who profess to be 'amigos.' The most no
torious of these was General Pio del Pilar.
He k«jv<? his parole to General MacArthur
and was allowed to return to his home. I
suspected that he was not as friendly as
he pretended, and had him watcted. In a
THE SUCCESSOR OF AGUINALDO AS THE LEADER OF THE FILIPINO
INSURGENTS AND THE EX-CHIEF OF THE SECRET SERVICE BU
REAU IN MANILA.
There is, prospect of war between the
Cooks' and Waiters' 'Alliance .and the
Restaurant Keepers' Association, and
hostilities are to begin May -\ .unless an
agreement submitted by "the first-named
institution is signed before that date.
• The agreement contains a schedule of
wages and names the number of nours
per day .which the men are to work. It
was presented at a meeting of the execu
tive committee of -the Restaurant Keep
ers' Association April 25, but was reject
ed by that body on accountof the follow
ing paragraphs:' ": . . - ,
The union agrees to furnish Its union house
card to the employer free of charge, to make
no ' discrimination between the employer and
other firms, persons or corporation who may
enter Into an agreement with the union for the
use of the union card, and to use . all reason
able effort to advertise the union house card,
provided that the said union house card remain
the - property of the union, -and that the duly
authorized representative, of 'the union shall
have the right to ent£r. the premises of the
employer and -remove the same whenever, In
the opinion I of I the ¦ union, this agreement has
been . violated by the employer. -,
•In consideration of -the foregoing- valuable
privileges, the employer agrees to employ none
but members of the Cooks' and Waiters' Al
liance No.: 30 'in good standing and who carry
the regular working, card of- the organization.
Decision of the' Employers.
The decision- of the executive commit
tee of .the Restaurant . Keepers' Associa
tion • was ; given to ¦ the Waiters' Alliance
by - Chairman. : Johnson ¦¦ yesterday . in - the
following, communication: ¦->.:'-< -
'Frank' S. Hamilton Esq., secretary Cooks'
and "Walters' Alliance— Dear Sir: -A communi
cation over the seal of the Cooks' and Walters'
Alliance, and signed toy yoursf If, came to band
WAITERS' STRIKE
IS IMMINENT
Restaurant-Keepers Re
fuse to Sign the
. & ... * J\"':-
subdue the spirit of insurrection among
the natives than most men. He is Captain
Noel Gaines, Thirty-ninth Infantry, late
chief of the secret service in Manila.
Captain Gaines is a Kentuckian. and the
knowledge of the police work which fitted
him for the dutle3 of secret service was
gained during five years' service as Sheriff
of Frankfort. County in the Blue Grass
State, the county in which the State capi
tal Is located",and In which j Goebel' was
murdered, and where, the duties of Sheriff
require a man qf astuteness and courage.
Captain Gairies tells an interesting story
of his experience with the Filipino chiefs,
and their secret efforts to defeat the'
Americans. . ".'¦'.
Cailles Cannot Bs Overlooked.
:'- "There is one man in the islands," 'said
the captain yesterflay, "who will .bother
this country a great deal. I refer to Juan
Cailles, who has declared himself dictator
of Luzon. He is a man of great intelli
gence, wily, "full of resources land' when
necessary will fight like a demon. He is
the only one of the Filipino chiefs who
will givothe Americans battle, and is a
foe that cannot be overlooked. He lives
with his men, and leads, them in battle,
and is both loved and feared. He possesses
immense power, and his slightest wish is
executed as soon as it is made known.
"General Caille-5 never acknowledged the
supremacy of the Spanish Government,
preferring to keep up constant warfare
against the Dons. He would start fight
after fight and when pushed too closely
would leave the country until the time
was ripe for another attack^ He* would
then return; constantly harassing the
Spaniards. This is the sort of man the
United States will now have to deal with,
and until he surrenders or is killed there
will be no lej.-up of the guerrilla warfare
in the islands.
¦ /'Cailles is willing. enough to surrender,
but not on the terms we propose.
Corresponds With Dictator.
"As chief of the secret service. I di
rected a* correspondence which would
have brought him to. terms. We had'his
brother-in-law, Lieutenant Colonel Zlal
cita. chief of staff to General Trios, who
surrendered to our forces as a prisoner
and corresponded with Cailles through
him. We located $10,000, the property of
the dictator, and seized the coin. He was
informed of the seizure and told that his
Mrs. Botkln came into the courtroom,
accompanied by her sister, Mrs. Dora
Brown, and escorted by the captain of
the County Jail. Both women were in
deep mourning, their mother having re
cently died.
When Judge Cook called the case of
"Cordelia Botkin. murder, to be set,"
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey
wanted the case set fnr trial for
June 18, but Knight objected. The
attorney for Mrsr'-Botkin made a sharp
speech, declaring the prosecution desired
to accommodate the Witnesses from Del
aware,, who sought to have a junketing
trip to California in the month of rose&.
He asked for a speedy trial and demand
ed that the court. should see that wit
nesses fcr the defense be brought from
the East if the prosecution asked for wit
nesses to be brought out. ¦ -,
Then Knight wanted to know if, in the
event of Mrs. Botkin being acquitted, she
would be in peril from the courts of Del-
Once Convicted Woman Maintains Confident Attitude During
the Arguments by Attorneys Before Judge Cook as to
Fixing Date for Trial, Which Is to Commence June 18
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN IS AGAIN BROUGHT
TO BAR OF JUSTICE ON MURDER CHARGE FOR
MAILING POISONED CANDY TO MRS. DUNNING
One of the latest offsprings of the Barry
report presented to the Grand Jury on
Friday afternoon,- and^ in which the re
moval of Chief of Police Sullivan is asked,
is the suggestion that, a board of yellow
examiners or censors be appointed as a
special committee of that body to super
vise the explosions of its dynamite, lyd
dite or other death-dealing reputation
compounds. The duty of this committee
; will have to be governed by the vagaries
of circumstances, political or otherwise.
Mayor Pneian in yesterday morning's
Call announced that he wuuid under no
circumstances remove or. take the .initia
tive in 'tne removal of Chief of Police Sul
livan. The Grand Jury; under the powers
conferred upon it by-law, is powerless
to act. Mayor Pftelah rnignt be indicted
for malfeasance in office, but perhaps
even the." most rabid demagogues on tne
Ciiand Jury mignt think twice, if they
couitl, over such a proposition.
Both torces resteu" on their, arms yes
teiuay. vJnier or I'olic-e- fauuivan, tooit a
survey or tne route that President" Mc
ivinley will traverse on his trip -West.,
iviiiyur Pneian was engaged in preparing
tne statement mat ne nus promised to
give to tne pub<ic and wmch wiltybe pre
sented in an probability to 'the iioaru of
Police commissioners on Tuesday night.
Grand Juror Barry is in the meanwhile
figuring up the dmerence in cost between
tne r . number of ems embraced in his re
port, the cost to him and the charge to be
exacted " from the expense tuna of the
Grand Jury. As the report was "double
leaaed," this is to mm a delicate question.
Members of the Grand Jury are averse
to discussing tne vote that reaulteu in
the adoption of the committee's report,
bome say it was unanimous; others say
it mi as ni-»t.
One juror approached yesterday de
clared mat the vote was unanimous.
"Did you vote for it?" was asked him.
"1 did not," he replied, '"but upon my
oath as a grand juror I really can't tell
you whether T did or not."
Another question that is being raised in
connection with the report is. Who was
the real author? Of course, editors of
weeklies are supposed to srind out copy
at an astonishing rate and when the tiles
of a paper containing full stenographic
reports are placed at the disposal of a
grand juror the sandwiching in of a few
words between the scissors and pastepot
parts give the editorial manipulator a
chance to swell his chest with pride,
stick his thumb into the mess and declare
"What a great grand juror am I?": So,
when; ancient- history was revived in the
report and oft told tales repeated, the
community was not as greatly shocked
as if would have been if the memory ¦ of
the next to the oldest inhabitant did not
run so far back as three months ago.
Politicians are guessing, too, as to the
effect of Barry's rodomontade. An elec
tion for Mayor and other city offices is to
be held six months hence. Is the disao
pointed Congressional ambition Qf Barry
to be satisfied with a plum- that
mean being the local Czar? is a question
they ask. If not so, what other job may
he be seeking that he hath grown so
suddenly great? Upon what meat doth'
this grand juror feed?, is asked.
That is the question that is dividing the
political campus into lines not designated
by the whitewash brush. Then there are
personal feelings existing between Bany
and the Chief of Police. When the latter
started on his crusade enforcing the or
dinance against partitions in. saloons be
ing more than six feet high Barry went
to Chief Sullivan and made a piteous ap
peal that his friend, former ¦ Under Sher
iff Clack, who now and then conducts a
saloon at the corner of Haleht and
Gough streets, should be exempted from
compliance with the law. \
I Sullivan shook his head and Clack's
partitions were cut down. Barry swore
revenge. His prepared report is the se
quel. , "•¦¦. .
• Then again crops up the old, old storv
of the Esola fight. t Wise- ones say that
Barry espoused the cause of the Exam
iner's' candidate. "Force Sullivan to re
sign" is the slogan of the clan. But Sul
livan stands pat. Mayor Phelan will not
remove him. He will not resign and while
the various acts of. this political farce
comedy are being enacted people are won
dering whence will come the next in
spiration of the Grand Jury.
• So far, Mayor Phelan and Chief of Po
lice Sullivan hold the whip hand. T*ie
members of the Grand Jury have until
Friday, to guess what will' be their next
move.- No indictment against anybody
could be found with the evidence in their
hands. ¦ .,.¦¦- '. ¦ ; • . ....
No One Seems to Believe
There Will Be Any
Removal.
Question as to Author
ship Bothers More
Than Effects.
BARRY'S REPORT
FALLS VERY FLAT
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
Captain Gaines, Late Chief of the Secret Service- in Manila, Says
§; He Will .'-.Prove a Thorn in "the Side of the Americans Until
He Is Captured or Killed—Does Not Recognize Laws of War
JUAN CAILLES, THE SELF-STYLED DICTATOR
OF LUZON, IS DESCRIBED AS A FIERCE FIGHTER
AND A MAN OF MORE THAN ORDINARY ABILITY
MANY prominent army officers
with reputations for bravery on
the field of battle, around whom
have been_ woven tales of heroic
deeds and of valorous conduct
while in the Philippines, have . passed
through this city. Now- comes an officer
whose work has been that of /"a. desk offi
cer." No stories of long marches or hot
skirmishes have been written about him,
¦but 'he has done more, nevertheless, to
coin would be restored If he surrendered.
Our efforts seemed about to prove suc
cessful, when a lot of the dictator's prl
.vate effects and papers were unearthed,
and we found that It was by 'his order
.that the wholesale murdering of friendly
natives had been committed.
• VThis, of course, ended our negotiations
so far as the treatment we had been
promising him if he surrendered was con
cerned. The understanding previous to
the discovery of these papers was that
A wife Is sometimes known as a man's
better half — and sometimes as the : whole
thing. . .... . .
"Waterman," "Stanly," "Marshall" and
"Falcon" fountain- pens are. the! .best in
the world for, the money. Sanborn, Vail
& -Co., Stationery Department, selling
agents for San - Francisco. -- - •* - . . ¦
COMMODORE W. N. MCCARTHY, WHO WILL PRESIDE? OVER THE DESTI
NIES OF THE SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB DURING THE COMING
SEASON, AND THE DIRECTORS WHO WILL. ASSIST HIM.
The San Francisco Flycasting Club
held its fourth Saturday contest at Stow
Lake yesterday. On account of the high
wind casting was anything but pleasant.
The members were greatly pleased with
the new platform and other Improvements
and the number of those taking part Is
rapidly Increasing as the season advances.
In the long-distance event Brotherton led,
with the score of 111 feet. In accuracy
Everett won, with 91.4 per cent, and Mr.
Mansfield in delicacy, with 84.2.
The detailed score is as follows: > ;
FLY-CASTERS WORK v
ON STOW T'ATTP. WATERS
¦were of the sensational order. In, all ten
short-ends got decisions which, in a stake
of this size, is a fair average. The length
of the odds, however, tell a different
story and to the piker who figures an
extra long price a good bet, even if i'jsc,
the day will remain a pleasant dream..
Harlean Gladys beat Mose, For ulory
outpointed Warship and Forest Queen got
the Has from Athena at & to 3. Agamem
non in the opening course took the honors
from Dewdrop, a 4 to 1 favorite, and at
the same figure Bohe celebrated her reap
pearance at the game by leaving Chicago
Boy behind in the score when she fin
ished the." course. ' Deckelman's clever
Lawrence failed to score against the
Pasha Kennels' Random Aim, though the
wise ones" were liberal in their ' offers cf
5 to 1 that he ¦would return 'a. winner.
Tapioca, D. J. Healy's young- • courser,
failed to make good the form players' pre
diction that he would have his colors dis
played at the finish of his go with Ran
dom Aim.. He proved expensive dessert
for his admirers, who backed their jud~
ment at the rate of 10 to 1 that the Peta
luma good one could land the decisio u
Mountain Belle-ran away from . McKinicy
and refused him a point, though he wa.3
a 2 to 1 favorite- over her.
Roman Athlete held tha clever Mayflow
er too cheap and It cost the talent con
siderable to learn the result. Mayflower
was on the small end at 1 to 6. The last
of the upsets was the defeat of Game Boy
by the clever Pretender puppy Elista.
Seven to 1 was freely offered on the Boy.
Gold Bus made a good showing against
Controller leading- him a eood three
lengths. He is a full brother of Firm Fel
low, another good one, and the litter has
shown itself the fastest of .the Firm
Friend get.
Fontenoy ran a slashing course against
Master Rocket, although he lost.
For Glory and Harlean Gladys, the lat
ter the choice, are the best at the top
of the card for stake honors. Flying:
Fox, Narcissus and Wedgewood, the last
named favored, are the pick at the bot
tom. .
The wonners in the second round should
be Fiery Face, Liberator, Fine Fire, Hon
or Bright, Luxor, Bona Fide, Motto, Lit
tle Sister, Firm Fellow, Sir Pasha, For
est King. Hot Haste, Candelnria, Sir Law
rence, Rollicking Airs, Master Rocket,
Mayflower, St. Helen, Rocker, Mamie
Pleasant, Rural Artist, Santonin and For
est Queen.
The day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— Aeneid Kennels'
Agumemnon beat W. C. Glasson's Dewdrop,
11-7; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat J.
Smith's Boney. Boy. 3-0; Sterl & Knowles'
Ripple beat Yosemite Kennels' Bad Boy, 2-0;
P. Doyle's Liberator beat E. Geary's Ruby
Sankey,' 7-0; A. R. Curtis' Vulcan beat George
Sharman's Black Flush, 6-3; Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory beat P. J. Reiily's Warship, 4-0; H.
Perlgo'B Bohe beat Georee Sharman's Chicago
Boy. 6-3; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat J.
J. Keenan's Blacklock, 3-2: Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim brat H. A- Deckelman's Law
rence, 2-0; P. Jackson' 3 Honor Bright beat
P. M. Curtis' Shadow, 4-0; F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys beat Yosemite Kennels' Mose. 2-0; A.
Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald beat P. M.
Curtis' Warpath,. 12-4; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat
H. H. Gray's Rona, 8-3; F. Jones' Lovlna beat
J. Smith's Master Workman. 7-2; F. A. Me-!
Comb's Bona Fide beat P. M. Curtis' Fashion
Plate, 6-0; F. A. McComb'a Motto beat J.
Dempsey's Jingle Bells, 4-3; T. J. Cronin's
Vixen beat E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron. 3-0;
F. A.- McComb's Little Sister beat R. E. de
B. Lopez's Kitchener, 6-5; P. M. Curtis' An
chor beat E. Geary's Minnie Sankey, 6-0; T.
J. Cronin's Vandal beat Aeneid Kennels'
Aeneas, 4-2; Star Kennels' Master Lawrence
beat Lowe & Thompson's Scotch Reel. 2-0; F.
A. McComb's Firm Fellow beat G. Lennon'a
Halfmoon, 3-1; A. R.. Curtis' Charta a bye:
•F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha a bye; Connell
Brothers' White Hat beat C. S. Appleby's E
G W, 3-0; James Sheridan's Forest King- beat
O. Zahl's Miss Wilson, 3-2; P. Muicahy's Lord
Dunmore beat Kerrigan & Meharry's Eros, 5-0;
J. J. Kenny's Hot Haste beat L. F. Bartels'
Banner Bright, 12-8: Pasha Kennels' Real
Article beat D. J. Healey's Tapioca. 7-3; A,
R, Curtis' Candelaria beat F. A. McComb's
Royal Fashion, 4-0; P. M. Curtis' War Eagle
beat Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran, 12-0:. J.
Dowling's Sir Lawrence beat W. Cairn's Gold
Ore, 11-7: W. J. Browning's Mountain Belle
beat P. M. Curtis' McKinley, 4-0; Pasha Ken
nels' Rollicking Airs beat Kay Brothers'
Hawker, 4-1; II. A. Deckelman's Master Rocket
beat Star Kennels' ! Fontenoy, 3-2; Russell &
Allen's Castaway beat George Sharman's The
Doctor, 8-0; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat
E. Geary's Fannie Hughie. 6-0; Star Kennels'
Mayflower beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete. .3-0; Russell & Allen's Rosie Clalr beat
Captain Clarkson's Golden Garter, 4-0;. Con
nell Brothers' St. Helen beat T. J. Cronin's
Thornhlll. 4-2; H. A. Deckelman's Rocker beat
Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad. 4-2; J. Ken
nedy's Ever Sure beat G. Lennon's Sir Craw
ford. 4-0; P. Doyle's Thelma beat P. M. Cur
tis' Vagrant, 4-0; Connell Brothers' Mamie
Pleasant beat P. Jackson's Golden Russet. 5-0;
D'. J. Healey's Klista beat Star Kennels' Game
Boy. 3-1; Pasha Kennels' Rural- Artist beat
J. J. Keenan's Lundin Links, 4-0; Gold Dust
Kennels' Brutus beat W. J. Leonard's Tom
Hurlick, 11-3; F. Jones' Wedgewood beat W.
O.- Glasson's lone, 7-2; D. J. ¦ Healey's Fine
Form beat Pasha Kennels' Roundabout. 5-3;
Chlarlni Brothers' Santonin beat P. J. Rellly's
The Grafter, 4-0; James Sheridan's Forest
Queen beat Aeneid Kennels' Athena, 7-5; P.
J. Rellly's Ixjughneagh beat Yosemite Kennels'
Sir Van. 4-2: J. Cane's Greenhall beat Pasha
Kennels' Risky Attempt. 6-1; P. M. Curtis'
Narcissus beat W, Cairn's Imperial. 10-3; A.
R. Curtis' Flying Fox beat J. P. Thrift's Ty
rone Prince, 5-1: Whiteslde & Stillwell's Gold
Bug beat H. Periso's Controller, 1S-12.
The run-down of the 112-dog open stake
at Union Coursing Park yesterday fur
nished many good trials. The doings of
the docs that were picked by the tale-it
to run second in their respective courses
Short Ends Score Often in the
Run-Down of the Open
Stake.
Healy's Elista Beats, the
Clever Game Boy •
Handily.
YOUNG DOGS DO
FAST COURSING
It is a pleasure to visit our leather
goods department and see 'the .outlay of
good values. Trunks, ¦ valises, pocket
books, traveling rolls, cameras, little, gold
clocks and toilet articles. All fine leather
goods lettered in gold without charge.
Sanborn, .Vail & Co., .741 Market street. -._•
-t - ......
Travelers' Dslight. :"
Papers were signed .- yesterday which
matched Terry McGovern with Herrera
to fight in San Francisco before June 1.
Representing Herrera ' was Signor Car
rillo, who put up a deposit on a side bet
of $3000 against $5000, that McGovern
would not win. . The conditions are that
both .men are to weigh in at 126 pounds
at 6 o'clock. of the day of. the fight-
1, and Both, Men Must Weigh In
at 126 Pounds.
Battle Must Take Place Before June
HERRKELA ANTrMcGOVEBN"
. ARE MATCHED TO FIGHT
Shamrock Is Undocked.
GLASGOW. April 27.— The Shamrock II
¦was undocked this morning and towed to
Greenock where her sails were bent and
her compass was adjusted. She will start
for Southampton in tow of the Erin this
afternoon, .Mr. Fife necompansinjr her.
Designer Watson inspected the challen
ger and expressed enthusiastic approval
of her. Sir Thomas Lipton, In the course
cf a conversation, eaid: "I am satisfied I
have the best challenger evpr built, and I
warn my American friends that they have
a big job this time."
Out 12. in 43, total 95. _
A6 was ceneraily expected Travis and Doug
laFf. will fi£ht it rat in the finals for the chief
prize of the Lake-wood Golf Club's cup this
afternoon.
H. IJ. Billings. Essex County, beat Dr. A. "W.
Biddeil, Philadelphia Country Club, four up and
three to p'.ay, arc! Paul Waterman, Englewood,
beat C Livingston Jr., Lakewood, three up and
1 to play.
Third division, semi-finals — Sherwood B. Fer
ris. Lakewood. beat George E. Armstrong, Fox
hills, three up an.-i tv.o to play, and T. C. Enni
ver. Baltusrol. l>eat F. II. Lovell Jr., Essex
County, two up and 1 to play.
In ei3diticn to the finals this afternoon there
Is an open handicap cf eighteen holes medal
play on fr.s programme, la which eighty-tw)
players Jiave entered. .
LAKBT76OD, N. J.. April 27.— The semi
final rounds for the three silver cups pre
eented by the Lake-wood Golf Club were
begun to-day over the local links, which
¦were dry and fast. There was a fairly
large attendance and the chief Interest
centered jn the two matches in the semi
finals for the first cup, In which Walter
J. Travis' played G. C. Dutton of Boston,
end Ftelay S. Douglass, Nassau Club, met
W. M. JicCauley of Philadelphia. At the
ninth hole Travis and Dutton were even,
but Travis won the tenth, which made
him 1 up. pjaying for the eleventh ¦ hole.
Doufrlass .was 3 up on McCauley on the
ninth hole. The Philadelphia^ won the
tenth in 3 to 4 and Douglass was also/ up
playing for the eleventh. Jr
Travis defeated Dutton in the •'semi
final round by four up and two to ploy.'
Dutton went to pieces toward the 'end
of the match and missed an easy put to
half the fifteenth. Following is the card:
Travis — Out 47. Ja S3, total SO; Dutton — Out i3,
Jn :¦*. total SS.
Dcuglafs proved too much for McCauley,
whom he beat two iio and one to play. Fol
lowinK iK t^e result: .
Uor.prlass— Out I3L in 42, total 91; HcCaaley—
Eesult* of the Golf Contests on the
I-akewood Links, New
, . . Jersey.
TRAVIS AITI> DOUGLASS
LEFT IN SEMI-FINALS
Clifford. 880-yarcl and one mll« runs: RedewlH.
8*0- yard run: Cheek and Powell. 120 and 220
>ard hurdles; Hoffman, pole vault and high
jump; Cooley, high Jump; Hussey, broad
jump; Plaw. hammer throw and shotput.
Cadogan and Brown, 100 and 220 yard dashes;
Squtrra, 220 and 440 yard dashes; Service And
• BERKELEY, April 27.-Men to repre
sent the University of California In tha
field days with the universities of Oregon
and Washington have been picked. They
will start for Oregon Saturday, May 4,
accompanied by Graduate Manager Reno
Hutchinson, Coach Walter Christie and
Trainer W. Lv Hayward. The team will
be made up as follows r
Oregon and "Washington Early
Next Month.
University Athletes Will- Leave for
CALIFORNIA MEN ARE
PICKED TO GO JTOSTH
on the upper floor had been elaborately
decorated by ladies of Sausalito, and a
large number of guests accepted .the hospi
tality of the yachtsmen. Among them
were most of the best-known residents of
the town, and many visitors from this
city. During the afternoon Port Captain
James Kitterman took parties out for. a
trip around the bay In his handsome
launch America. Among the hundreds of
guests present were Lieutenant and Mrs.
Spencer, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Harrison,
Miss Tiffany, Miss Belle Harmes, Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Harrison. Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Kilgarif , Mr. and 'Mrs. J. T. Harmes, Mr.
and Mrs. W. M. Edgell, Mr. and Mrs. H.
G. Ponting, Major and Mrs. T. W. M.
Draper, Miss Olive Hamilton, Miss Linda
Hamilton, Miss Mabel "Watklns. Miss Ma
bel Harrison, Miss Georgie Shephard,
Judge and Mrs. Pryor, Mrs. Drugan, Com
modore and Mrs. T. L. Hill, Measurer and
Mrs. H. M. Toll, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Mor
row, R. H. Morrow, Commodore H. D.
Hawks. ex-Commodore Carl "Westerfeld,
J. D. Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. E. Head.
Mrs. C. B. Hill. Robert B. Hogue, Mr. and
Mrs. Herman Kotzmar. Mr. and Miss Cal
lender. Mr. and Miss Polhemus, Mr. and
Mrs. "W. Corson, Miss Ritchie, Mr. and
Mrs. "W. Clawsen, Miss Enquist, Miss Ma
rion Harrison. Miss Berthie. Miss Elliott,
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Waters, Mr. and Mrs.
Walter N. Brunt. Miss Findlay. Mrs. Clay
Miller, Mr. and Mrs. John Mersfelder, C.
B. Sedgwick, A. W. Bell.
Refreshments were served on the ver
anda and a pleasant afternoon was spent.
After the ladies had gone preparations
¦were made for dinner, which ¦was served
in the clubhouse to the yachtsmen at 7
o'clock. Shortly after 8 the jinks began
in- the main hall, the principal items of
the entertainment being the following: Se
lections on mandolins and guitars by six
teen young men of Sausalito; humorous
specialties by J. B. Whltmore; Elk's quar
tet; tenor boIo by Mr. Morrisey; coon
songs by Charles MoreL; bass solo by Rob
ert Lloyd; humorous steropticon views.;
tenor solo by Oscar Franks; comic selec
tions by E. Krless; ragtime melodies by
T. Mahoney; cockney songs by A. Bent
ley. The Mandolin Club of Sausalito. con
sisting of Harry Parker, Herbert Jones,
Paul Jones, Frank Jcnes and A. McChes
ney, rendered some sweet strains. They !
were followed by a chorus by the Sausalito
Bohemians and vocal selections by Boy
anton and McAvoy. By the kindness of
the Olympic Club twelve continuous
rounds of boxing were given by W. J.
Leonard, J. Britt. S. Berger and C. Mill
wood, heavyweights alternating with
lightweights, Professor Van Court act-
Ing as referee. Professor Mlehling refereed
two wrestling bouts, the contestants be
ing Charles Jenkins. George Hensley, R.
B. Cornell and C. B. Pentony. Maurice
Kramer and F. Delleplane were the ac
companists. The whole entertainment,
which was most successful, was arranged,
by a committee consisting of A. F. Broad,
chairman; A. W. Waters, I*. Q. Haven,
W. Mersfelder and Dr. T. L. Hill.
After the low jinks, the launch America
made a special trip to bring 1 over such of
the club's guests as desired to return to
the city.
This morning colors will be made at S
o'clock, and at 10 o'clock captains ¦will re
port on board the flagship Ramona. At
about 11 the fleet will cruise In squadron
by signal from the commodore.
i Charley White, who is famous ks a.fef
eree" and a second of prizefights, arrived
In this city last night. He \ announces
that he is here on a business trio and
also to see the McGovern-Gardner fight.
At present White is the most likely ref
eree of the featherweight battle of Tues
day evening. ' \ . ,'
Picked as the Referee for the JIc-
Govern-Grardner Fight ;'.
CHABIiEY WHITE ARRIVES.
CHICAGO. April 27.— The Lakeside meetingr
closed to-day. Results:
One mile— Barbara M won, Ic.e second, Tlllle
W third. Time, 1:43 8-6. ¦» :'.....
Half a mile— Bridge won, Haydon second,
Fisher's Hornpipe third. Time, . :49 8-5.7
Six furlongs — Money Muss won, Mlnyon. sec
ond, Sevoy third. Time,. 1:15. ¦.
Five furlongs— Lou Woods won. Blue Ridge
second. Last Knight third. Time, 1:03 4-5. .
Mile and 1 an eighth, handicap— Louisville won,
Ohnet second. Cluster third. Time. 1:54 4-5.
One mile, purse — W. J. Deboe won, Boney
Boy second, Jake Weber third. Time, 1:41/
One mile, selling— Red Apple won. Defender
II second. About third. Time, 1:43 3-5.
NEW YORK, April 27.— Aqueduct. Summa
ries:
Six furlongs— Leedsville won. Scurry second.
Queen Carnival third. Time, 1:15 3-6. ,'
Five furlongs, selling— Red Damsel won,
Marue second. Llsbeth third. Time, 1:02. ¦
About seven furlongs, selling — Alard won,
Buffoon second. High Gun third. Time, 1:27.
Flushing handicap, one mile and seventy
yards— Sidney Lucas won. Outlander second.
All Gold third. Time, 1:46.
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Inshotwon,
Maiden second, Ondurdis third. Time, 1:09.
Four and a half furlongs— Nanaimo won,
Margie S second. Octoroon third. Time, :67 1-5.
. NASHVILLE, Tenn., April 27.— Summaries :
Six furlongs, selling— Siroister won, Kildare
second, Ida Quicklime third. Time, 1:15. •'
Four and a half furlongs— Sans • Pariel \ won,
Crimean second, Easter Boy third. Time, :56.
One mile and seventy yards — Termless won,
Isobel second. Larkspur third. Time, 1:44. •.
Six furlongs— Fridolln won, Hilee second,
Khaki third. Time. 1:14%. .
One mile, selling — Lady Strathmore won,
Varro second. L W third. - Time, 1:40.'
Bix furlongs, selling— Robert Gray won, Aloha
II second, Badinage third. Time, l:14Vi.j :--
2367. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, ?350. ,-./.
Index, Horse,- Wt,' Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2353 Gotobed, 6, 105....Conley 2 3 h 11 lh
2342 Merops 5, 102... Ransch 1 6h 2h 2 2
2342 Alaska. 6, 102. ... Bergen 341 83 34
2323 Fllon d'Or. 5. 102.Meade 7 6 1 4 % . 4 3
(235S) Einstein. 6, 105..Basingr 5 2"1 5 2 5 6
2291 Nilfrar, 5, 102.... .Hafley 6 1 h « 2 6 2
2353 Sunello, 4, 102..Materne 4 7 7 \\ 7 • •
Time-%, :26H; %, :51%; %, 1:17% ; mile. 1:43.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
J^ F. Fogg's b. h. by imp. St. Andrew-Terma
gent. Winner best. Fllon d'Or swerved, at
start, losing ground. Einstein not there to
day. Scratched— Expedient 102, Jim McCleevy
105. Guilder 102, Sir Kingston 102, Sugden 102.
Betting — Gotobed. 5-2; Merops. 7-2; Alaska.
8; Fllon d'Or, 16-5;. Einstein, 7-2; Nllgar, 30;
Sunello, 30. y
RACING ON THE
EASTERN COURSES
driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's <br.
g. by Take Notlce-Bernota. Welsrht suited
winner. Ormonde did his best. Fretter '-not
good. Maid ran poorly. Sir Hampton has
gone back. - Bathos not In shape. He has
been on the shelf.
Betting — Bernota, 3; Beau Ormonde. 2; The
Fretter, 6; Dangerous Maid, 6; Sir Hampton,
9-2; Bathos, 20.
Time-%. :25H: %. :50; %, 1:15>4: mile. 1:41%.
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
2366. FIFTH HACB-Free handicap ; three
year-olds and up; purse, ?500.
Index, Horse. Wt, JockeyA St. %. Str. Fin.
2327 Bernota, 3, 96.... Ransch 3 3 2 12 1 %
(2347)B. Ormonde, 3, 109.Sulvn 1 2 h 2 4 2 10
2347 T. Fretter, E. H5.Conley 6 4 h 4 1 3 h
2347 Dan. Maid, 4, 98. Martin 5 5 4 6 5 4 %
2360 Sir Hampton, 4, 9t).Mead 2 1 1% 3 1 5 4
2157 Bathos, 4, 96...Fauntlry 4. 6 6 6
23G5. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course;
Gebhard handicap;, two-year-olds; value, $2000.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
2311 F. Pomona, 116.. Turner 3 lh 2 V. In
2352 Divina, 102 Hafley 7 8 4 4 h" 2 3
2303 Sister Jeanie, 112.Conley 8 3 h 5 % 3 h
(2352) Lou welsea, 109.. Sullivan 6 4 >4 3 h ' 4 V>
2345 Jarretiere d'Or, 114.1tuiz 1 6 h 6 % 5 h"
2293 S. Lichtenstn, H2.Alxdr 4 5 h 7 2 6 1
2311 Doreen, 113 Ransch 5 2 h 1 n • 7 4
2309 Prestano, 100 ....Martin 2 7 1 8% 81
2328 Evea G, 93.. .Fauntleroy 9 9 9 9
Time— To >i. :21%; to %, :45%; last %, 1:01;
short %, 1:11. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, W. F. Schulte's b. f. by imp.
Florist-Fannle Willoughby. . Flora Pomona
made all. the running:, but was hard pressed
at the end. With more luck Divina, who
went the overland, could , possibly have won.
Louwelsea quit. Doreen couldn't stay. Lich
tenstein outran. Scratched — Phyllis 95, Quiet
96. Lucien Appleby 117.
Betting — Flora Pomona, 8-5; Divina, 7; Sis
ter Jeanie, 6; Louwelsea, 15; Jarretiere d'Or,
10; Sol Lichtenstein, 7; Doreen, 9-2; Prestano,
coupled with Sister Jeanie; Evea G, 20.
23O4. THIRD RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St %. Str. Fin.
2224 Frank Bell, B, 121. Turner 2 1^12 11
2270 Hagerdon, 4, HS...Conley 4 3 1 2 5 2 8
(234S) Doublet. 4, 118. ...Russell 1 2 \'z 3 V2 3 %
2354 Prejudice, 4, 116.. Martin 6 5 h 4 4 4 5
2354 Hermoso, 6, 124...Meade-5 7 5 5 1 5 1
2343 Valenc'nne, 6, lW.Alexdr 7 6 % 7^64
(2354)Dr. Cave, 4, 121.Bassingr 3 4 1 6 3 7 5
21S2 Tola, 3, 106 Bergen 8 8 8 8-
Time— 1-16. :18%; .^4, :23%; %. :4Si,i: 5'/.f.
l:06H- Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. Winner, J. W. O'Neall & Co.'s
b. e. by Big Henry-Flora Leach. Frank Bell
had all the speed and was best. Hagerdon ran
a nice race. Too much weight on Prejudice.
Hermoso has gone back. Dr. Cave cut off on
backstretch.
Betting— Frank Bell, 11-5; Hagerdon. 7-2,
Doublet. 5; Prejudice. 10; Hermoso, 8; Valen
clcnne, £0; Dr. Cave, 7; Tola. 60. ,':
23G3. SECOND RACE— Half a mile; maiden'
two-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2339 Gra'm Greene, lOo.Martn 2 11 ... 1 Vs~
i*oC3 Murcia, 103 ..Hafley 5 3 1 ... 2 1
2315 Lady Carlo. 102....Meade 3 2 3 ... 3 n
2345 Vasallo. 1C2 Ransch 1 6 2 ... 4%
2339 Redan, 102 Bergen 6 7 V, ... 5 5
2352 Achilles, 106. ..Alexander 9 5% ... 6 2
2309 Yellowstone. lOS.Fauntly 4 8 5 ... 7 14
2273 Sen. Bruce, 105...Conley 8 4 1 ... 8 1
233? Pep. Sauce, 105.Bassingrl0 9 10 ... 9 4
2W! Wand*g Boy, 106...Hoarll 12 ... 10 1
2339 Gerardo, 109 ,Sullivanl2 10 1 ... 11 2
22DS Quadra, 105 Russell 7 11 2 '.... 12
Time— U, :23%; *i. :43. Good starts-Won
first three driving-. Winner, J. W. O'Neall &
Co.'s b. c. by The Hero-Wilmah G. Greene had
clear sailing:. Murcia, on equal terms, can
beat him. Lady Carlo will win soon. Vasallo,
a slow beginner, was cut off at start. Achilles
slow to get away. Senator Bruce a false
alarm.
Betting — Graham Greene. 20; Murcia. 7: Lady
Carlo, 30; Vasallo, 8-5; Redan. 7; Achilles, 6;
Yellowstone, 10O: Senator Bruce, 7; Pepper
Sauce, 40; Wandering Boy, 60; Gerardo, 20;
Quadra, 30.
TAWFOBAN PARK— Saturday, April
27, 190L— "Weather fine. Track. fast.
2302. FIRST RACB-Six furlongs; Belling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, J3^0.
Index, Horse. "W't, Jockey. St. 14: Str. Fin.
2340 Mike Rice. a. 111. Russell 1 3 4-1 1 12
(1S52) Ralston, a. 111.... Ransch 4 1 >A 2 3 2 H
2351 McAlbert, 6, lll.Alexndr 5 4 h 3 1 3 4.
23C0 Maydlne, 4, 10S....Howell 2 5 % 0 14 4 %
2355 Parader. 6, 114.. Ruiz 6 6 1. 4 1 6 6
2319 Spry Lark, a, 109.Basssr 3 2 2. 6 5 6 5
2358 Jen. Reid, 5, 109.Fauntly 7 7. 7 7
Time— \4, :24; tf, :4S»A; »i, 1:14U. GxA start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, T. E. McLaughlin's b. gr- by J. H. Fenton-
Mrs. McAllister. Winner much the best. He
had Ralston "in hand almost from the start.
Jennie Reid a bad actress and sour. Parader
no account. Maydine can do better. ¦" .
Betting— Mike Rice, 16; Ralston, 1; McAlbert,
9-2; Maydine, 6; Parader, 6; Spry Larkf 20;
Jennie Reid, 50. _
a>M Anpries 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 2 0 10 0 10 1 1—6
fss/ramrnto 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 — 3
Base hits 0 2 110 10 0 1—6
SUMMARY.
Ttuns responsible for— Hartwell 2. Three-
Tmlso hit— McLaughlln. Sacrifice hit*— Hanlon,
Fheehan. First base on errors— Sacramento 3.
First base on called balls— Hartwell 4. Thomas
3. Left on bases — Lop Ansreles E, Sacramento
31. Struck out — By Hartwell 6, by Thomas 3.
HSt by pitcher— I>vereaux. Bowman. Time of
came— 1 hour ejid 35 minutes. Umpire—Dona.
bue. Official scorer — Rutherford.
Totals 84 3 « S 17 12 0
RUNS AXD HITS BY INNINGS.
Totals U 0 8 0 27 12 2
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
MeOueken, cf 5 1 1 0 2 0 0
I>evereaux, s.e 2 n 1 1 5 8 C
Courtney. 2b 3 0 0 I % 3 0
McLaughlln, If 5 0 3 18 0 0
JT&nlon, lb 4 0 « « T 0 0
Doyle, rf 4 11110 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 0 4 2 «
fheehan, 3b 2 1 C « 8 3 0
Thomas, p 4 0 C 1 0 1 0
an amateur, in the box. backed up with
Euperb support on the part of hispid,
the Sacramentos shut out Los Angeles
to-day, the score being: 3 to 0. Attend
ance about 700. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
« ,u» „ AB. R. BH. BB. PO. A. E.
Broekhoff. 2b S 0 0 0 0 1 1
Householder, cf 4 0 3 p 0 0 0
Spies.. c 4 0 1 0 10 0 0
liellly, 3b 3 0 2 0 12 0
Kelly, us 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Bwindells, rf 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Bowman, If 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Johnson, lb 4 0 0 0 10 2 0
Hartwell, p 3 0 0 0 S 3 1
SACRAMENTO WHTS.
Amateur Thomas Lands a Game From
the Giants.
SACRAMENTO. April 27.— "With Thomas,
2as Prancisco 6, Oakland 5. . ,
All the Interest In the ball game at
necre&tioo grounds yesterday afternoon
wes centered In the ninth Inning:, when
the BrurorncJs almost tied the score. The
beard read «-2 In favor of the local team
and thea the Dudes took on a spurt that
for a tin* looked as if it would land them
on top.'
LohmffC Drennan and Francks were on
tlio bain, Borchers, who was put In to
bat, having died on a pretty fly to Croll,
v*os« cctcb. was sensational. Then Ar
re-!lanes hit to rtcht and Lohman aiul
Drennan scored. Streib, who followed, hit
to Hildebrmd, and Hildy dropped the ball,
the ba^s being filled again. Then Dun
let vy went out, but Francks scored on the
play. A base on balls to Moore once more
crowded the sacks. It was up to Moski
xnan to win th« game, but he fouled out
to Pabst and the game was over.
Pabst had the distinction of knocking
out a double in the third Inning which
brought in three runs. Croll, Krug and
Holland were decorating the sacks when
the brewer rolled one out to deep center
end all three runners tripped it merrily
for home honors. In the sixth the local
teem scored twice on errors and a single
hit The score:
SAN FRAN-CISCO.
A3. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
HnaebranS, cf 4 112 10 2
Croll. rf 4 110 8 0 0
3<ruB, ss 5 110 8 12
Holland, If 8 1110 11
Pabst. lb B 0 1 0 S 0 0
Orahtm, c .......... 3 1 00 6 20
Xorflyke. Ib 4 110 16 0
Reilly, Sb , 8 0 0 0 0 11
SVhalea, p 4 0 10 0 0 0
Total* S5 C 7 S 27 11 6
OAKLAND.
AB. R. PH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennaa. cf 4 12 0 2 0 0
FVancka. se 4 110 3 2 1
Arrellaijes, Zb ....... 4 0SOO30
Ftreib. lb 5 0 2 0 11' 1 0
IJunleavy, If 4 10 0 2 0 0
Moore, 3b 4 6 1 0 2 4 2
Moskiman. p ., 8 1 0 0 3 1 2
X»hman. c t 1 2 0 3 2 0
RahMtt, rf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Borchers 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Total* 3T h 9 0 27 13 5
RUNS ANT> HITS BY INNINGS.
Ban Francisco 00400200 0 — S
Ease hits 00310110 1—7
Oakiand 02000000 3—5
Base hits 04100011 2—9
SUMMARY.
Rune responsible for— Moskiman 4. Two-base .
hit— Pabst. Sacrinee hit— Re!lly. First base on
errors— San Frandsco 3. Oakland S. First base
on called balls— Pan Francisco 6, Oakland 6.
JL«eft on bases — San Francisco 9. Oakland 8.
Struck out — By Moskiman 1. by Whalen 3. Hit
by pitcher — Holland. Passed ball — Graham.
Time of game— Two hours and five minutes.
Umptre— O'Connell. Official ecorer— McFarlin.
Wasps Take the Lead in
the Third and Never.
;'. Lose It.
Ninth Inning Brings the
Feverish Play of the
Game,
HANXMEN BEAT
THE BRUMMELS
Runs responsible for— Overall 2, Parker 5
Two-base hits— Kennedy, Ball, Phelan. Sacri
fice hits— Smith, Edwards, Murphy. First base
on errors — California 4. Stanford 5. First base
on called balls— California 3, Stanford 7. Left
on bases — California 7, Stanford 10. Struck out
—By Overall 13, by Parker 1. Hit by pitcher—
Adams, Murphy, Smith, Brown. Double vlays
— Adams to Hamlin ,to Braly, Overall to Ham
ltn. Passed balls— Smith 2. Wild, pitch—
Overall.. Time of game— 2 hours' 15' minutes.
Umpire— J. McDonald; 5 Official scorer— L. s.
Clayburgh. ... _¦ . . .. ...
SUMMARY.
„ . _ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Murphy, 8b 8/ 2 2 3 2 4 0
Edwards, s s 4 0 1 0 1 6 ]
Cowden. lb 8 1 2 0 12 1 0
Symonds, cf 6 1 2-1 1 0 0
Ball, c 4 0-1 0 3 0 2
Burnett, rf 4 0 1 0 0 0 1
Brown, lr 3 1.0 0 3 0 1
Mcisner, 2b 4 0 0 0 1 1 1
Parker, p 4 0 1 0 1 2 0
Totals .....' S4 5 9 4 24 14 ~6
RCXS AXD HITS BY INNTXGS.
California 1 1000l&i«_»
Base hits 0 2 10 12 5 1 «— 13
Stanford 0 0003 101 C— 5
Base hits'-..'..' 0 01 13 211 1—19
STANFORD.
Totals ...83 9 12 -2 27 10 4
„ , J^ B - K. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Hunter, s.s 3 2 0 0 2 12
S^'th. c ,1 1 1 0 10 « 0
Braly 3b... 4 12 2 3 * ° 0
Kennedy. If 4 0 3 0 2 0 0
Hamlin. lb 4 0 10-812
Phflan- cf.... 6 1 2 0 0 0 0
McKeotra rf 3 110 0 0 0
Adams, 2b 4 3 10 0 10
Overall,' p 3 0 10 2 2 0
CALIFORNIA 1 .
There were threa startling features to
the game—Overall's spasmodic brilliant
pit chlng, plethoric errors on both sides
and a pugnacious spirit on the part of the
youthful collegians, which resulted in one
Instance in actual recalcitrancy and In an
otix r lr threatened blows by eighteen par
t'.cipants of the company.
California started off in the first part of
the game by scoring a couple of runs, but
in the fifth and sixth innings the Red
a;n&«sed four tallies. Then the boy with
the red socks pulled his trousers up and
waved his legs. After a while there came
the seventh inning- and then the Califor
nia swatters fell on Parker for five hits
end as many runs. Overall, with the ex
ception of the fifth inning, pitched sen
sational baseball. He struck out thirteen
men. and in one inning retired three, who
di-.i fancy stunts with the air.
Tho two captains, Hunter of California
and Edwards of Stanford, showed the bel
licose color and nearly precipitated a gen
eral intercollegiate war. Hunter tore the
earth from the. first to the second bag- on
the fly and tfutted into Edwards at sec
ond. Edwards lost his temper and, think
ing that he belonged to the French school
?f bo £r in £ f ea Z? Hunter a feel of his toe.
Jim McDonald separated the scrappers.
x xiitt scores
At the recreation ' grounds yesterday
morning the University of California base
ball team won the pennant from Stanford
after a game that moved from one side
to tho other until the seventh inning,
v/hich fixed it irrevocably for the Blue
and Gold. ' .
California 9, Stanford 5.
California Wins the In
tercollegiate Baseball
Pennant.
BLUE AND GOLD
TAKES SERIES
Track Notes.
Harry Spencer, the California rider, has
again been granted a license by the
Jockey Club stewards. Last season his
licence was revoked for a supposed bad
rid. on the Keene colt Commando.
IT took all of Nash Turner's splendid
horsemanship to land Flora Pomona
winner of the Gebhard handicap at
Tanforan yesterday. After twice
finishing: second to the crack Corrl
gan for the Great Trial and Western Foal
stakes the game filly carried top weight,
116 pounds, and in a long drive led Divina
out a neck, the PVturity course being-
Stepped in 1:11. As Turner is easily the
peer of the riders here now, the majority
of the big crowd present wanted a ticket
on the Schulte entry. Sounder a steady
play the price receded from 5 to 2 to 8 to
5. Doreen, from the Burns & 'Vv'aterhouse
stable, had second call, while nearly all
cf the other seven ¦were accorded some
sort of support. Breaking away- only
once. Starter Jake Holtman at the next
attempt dropped his flag to the prettiest
two-year-old start of the season.
•; Turner Goes to the Front.
Turner on the favorite drawing the in
side position, immediately went for the
lead. Only once was he headed, and then
by Doreen. Turning the bend for home
the latter had enough, but there was no
rest for Flora. Divina, with Hafley in
the saddle, came fast on the outside, and
in a fierce finish lost by a neck only. Sis
ter Jeanie, one or the Jennings entries,
aowned Louwelsea for the show. Sol
Lichtenstein ran a disappointing race,
never looking dangerous. The gross value
of th« stake was $2000, of whicn amount
$1500 went to the winner.
As the occasion marked the closing of
the season at the San Mateo course the
attendance was unusually large. Mike
Rice and Graham Greene scored at long
odds, while Frank Bell. Flora Pomona
and Gotobed maintained the prestige of
the favorites.
Frank Weir's Ralston was touted as a
piece of easy money for the first event,
at six furlongs. Freely backed at even
money, he was defeated very easily by
Mike Rice, aeainst which some 20 "to 1
was laid. McAlbert ran Into the show.
Then twelve maiden two-year-olds gal
loped over to the barrier. Vasallo,, the
mount of J. Itansch, ruled favorite, and
met with his usual luck, getting cut off
soon after the start Graham Greene, a
30 to 1 shot, piloted by J. Martin, met
with no -squally weather, and, leading all
the way, won by half a length from Mur
cia, one of the second choices. Vasallo
closed well, losing the show only .by a
neck to Lady Carlo. .- •
Equals the Track Becord.
Doughty Frank Bell shouldered 121
pounds and Nash Turner, and In
the ' five and a half furlong: dash
for all ages equaled the track rec
ord of 1:06%. The son of Big Henry was
favorite in the ring and, out in front
from the start, breezed in a length before
Hagerdon. Hermoso displayed no speed
whatever, third place falling to Doublet.
W. O'B. Macdonough's colt, Beau
Ormonde, ridden by Johnny Sullivan, let
the talent down over his defeat by Ber
nota in the mile free handicap. The 109
pounds seemed to set very heavily on his
back, for when ready Ransch on Ber
nota walked by him, winning almost eas
ily in 1:41%. Ten lengths off The Fretter
finished a poor third.
Although the thermometer showed the
odds on Gotobed to be ascending in tho
betting on the final mile run the bay
horse got to the wire first. Taking the
lead before the stretch was reached. Con
ley landed him first, a head In front of
Merops. Filon d'Or swerved as the bar
rier was sprung, ruining his chances.
BY F. JEL MTTLHOLLAND.
Winner, Superbly Ridden by Nash Turner,
Defeats Divina a Neck— Closing Day of
the Season at Tanforan Track Draws Well
GEBHARD HANDICAP CAPTURED
BY FLORA POMONA IN A DRIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AFKIL 28, 1901.
Sausalito Clubhouse Resounds With Festivities, While the
Fleet of White-Sailed Pleasure Craft, Gay With Bunt
ing,. Is Visited by a Throng of Pleasure -Seekers
SAN FRANGISCO YACHT CLUB OPENS
SEASON WITH MUSIC AND DANCE
CALIFORNIA DEFEATS STANFORD AT BASEBALL— ERNEST FOLGER IS GOLF CHAMPION
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
HERB were gay doings yesterday
1 in the bay town of Sausalito. The
I - ferry-boats and the house of the
-11 San Francisco Yacht Club were
bright with fluttering flags, while
the club fleet was decorated with every
available piece of bunting- in the lockers.
During the afternoon a reception was
given to the ladies, who were taken out
to the various yachts lying at anchor off
the clubhouse. Music for dancing was fur
nished by Fitzgerald's string orchestra,
and Richardson's brass band of Sausalito
was also in attendance. The main hall
24
; 22 {?•
•: ..,'„_ ' !? I W '
NAME. «, • to
Ivi
¦nt N<
>elicai
>. 3.
• - 3
>. ;', If. •¦ f'.
Battu 89 86
Broola ........... 97 86.8
Brotherton ...... Ill 89
Everett 110 91.4
Edwarda 100.6 89
Mocker S7 83.8
Muller . 34 90.4
Smyth 91
Heller ¦ .. 83. S
Skinner : S8 87.4
Reed 91 87.4
Mansfield .. ; I 00
NAME.
3 '¦ S «
; s •§• 'I
S. r* ¦ :
92 72.6 82.3
85.4 -63 ¦ 75.2.
88 75.10 81.11
8S.4 75 81.8
90 75.10 82.11
83.4 68.4 75.10
86.8. 76.8 81.8
84 . 77.6 80.9
85 69.2 77.1
82 71.8 76.8
82 . 65 73.6
90.8 78.4 84.6
; 22 {?•
•: ..,'„_ ' !? I W '
NAME. «, • to
Ivi
¦nt N<
>elicai
>. 3.
• - 3
>. ;', If. •¦ f'.
Battu 89 86
Broola ........... 97 86.8
Brotherton ...... Ill 89
Everett 110 91.4
Edwarda 100.6 89
Mocker S7 83.8
Muller . 34 90.4
Smyth 91
Heller ¦ .. 83. S
Skinner : S8 87.4
Reed 91 87.4
Mansfield .. ; I 00
NAME.
3 '¦ S «
; s •§• 'I
S. r* ¦ :
92 72.6 82.3
85.4 -63 ¦ 75.2.
88 75.10 81.11
8S.4 75 81.8
90 75.10 82.11
83.4 68.4 75.10
86.8. 76.8 81.8
84 . 77.6 80.9
85 69.2 77.1
82 71.8 76.8
82 . 65 73.6
90.8 78.4 84.6
Men and watches are known by their
• . Perfect health and strength denote the absence of disease. When you are weak it means that you lack that
O which is the foundation of strength — of life itself — Electricity. You may be afflicted with Rheumatism. Dyspepsia.
9 Lame Back, Weak Kidneys. Loss of Power, Varicocele, Wasting Weakness. Sciatica, Constipation or any of the
9 numerous diseases which lead to an early breaking down of the system. If you have any of these troubles they
S * ho " I< J' l)e attended to. at once. You have tried drugs and found that if they even stimulated you they did not curs,
but left you with some new trouble as a result of the poison put into your system.
S • Electricity Is Nature's Cure
'•)' rf^"^^5k or a^ diseases of the blood, nerves, muscles
® «Sr i *r v )sj?wk an<^ organs. I have spent twenty years and al-
H J?f%fof$ - o most unIim5ted capital discovering this fact and
tt 'vMIMffi\ \~-''^£$y developing a body battery which gives a stronsr
a wePs? >5?\- 1 ""/ r curative current to the wearer without the least
• '»' S~^ ' \ discomfort - This periec ted appliance is
• Jfc^P y<f' r , \ flR MrlllGHIIH'<t FIFPTRIf BFIT
© - l^^*wlv // ( , ' i y \ U III ¦ liloLnU U II Li'l O LLLUIIIlU ULLI
2 (ippfiro?r / ' '-.''' t£^~ ,^J^^ / . * l k as cnre( l 00 People and the testimony
© cmillflyEa ~ J /' 'tf'''' ' <>^ '' -"x * s on e lor a '' w^° want P r °of of what this
® li^i&fra , : - ? ", y % .- ' - "^ "• \J^ Jdd& grand remedy has done. For six cr eight hours
• Iissli|§a&a /*&£/////'./'. ' *'* -'^ \*~ f * , -^^i every night it pours a steady stream of electric-
® -^^^X>' ' ''*' ' y '- ?\"' '^ r aM. ity into the nerve center, satu;aline the weak-
2 L^—U^^^L ened ti35ues and orgins with its life. This is
a mMsM&WvsiF' V^SJ&tt^^-'^' '~- ' -^ \Z%r&~Z&$&& strength. From it come the vim. energy, the fire
£» " ~ - ~*'3*&ftii&Ml li of P erfect " Physical and mental action.. It re-
• LSW^=T- : rZ '^~^^P^^ news the heaIth and ha PP inc5S oi a11 m en-
% m^M^^^S^^i tz W-\l READ WBAT m CURED SAY -
ft VV\"v Vs^'" "¦••¦ 1 1 I "About a month ago I benan to use one of your
2 BgiffiigjBaajSy V^ >. "^. • S S.J"V- f B»lts for the cure of rheumatism. It has done rrand
S BtyBMaWf "¦ ¦ •. . V- *• "* \ ~\ ' // work for me. I began to improve immediately and
9 B93^S3Hr • V, *•_ -•.. \ V"'""// to-day am cured in every respect.
£ ¦wBWwn "'¦' '"-^ / i "WM. H. O'NEIL.. 1347 Jessie St.. Saa Francisco."
£* Frffiffimar ' . ' v "\ l4 ) / "Tour Electric Bsit has Indeed relieved ire very
2 ' ' • fl v.l much. It has strengthened my nervous system and
• ¦ ¦ -\ . I VhJ' greatly benefited the action of my kidneys. -I strongly
© " . V V \ recommend your Belt for all nervous weakness and kid-
2 ,\v\ )- ar,ry o c r aiL ha To^, e t^y thatyou cla:medit
5 . ] "HENRY BETVS. Steward. Lane Hospital.
5: ' ¦ ' • ¦'¦ ¦¦' ¦ . ',¦.'-:•-". "Saa Francisco. CaL~ -
| TRY- IT TP-DAY-SEND' FOR BOOK.
t^WUELSF.^ u^to-date appliance and eld
2 . } f you ca i n * t ? all> "^ rlte^°, r , my beautiful descriptive book, showing how my ielt is used and rivftie hundreds of let-
g ters from grateful people. Call, or addrc-ss, Inclosing this ad. Office hours 9 a. m. to 8:30 p? m Sundaf s 10 to I
o I1R M R Mr flllfiHI IN 702 MARKET STR£ET r, .** ie«v.
• Ulii Ills Ui mbLHUUnLIjl! San Francisco, Cal.
The road to knowledge crosses tha
plains of ignorance.PETITION IN IXSOLVEXCT.-C. L. Baum,
clerk Alameda, filed a petition In Insolvency tn
the United States District Court yesterday. His
liabilities are $48,850 76 contracted in real estate
deals In Denver In 1891. when a member of the
Denver Sporting Goods Company, and $20,000
forfeit. upon a contract to build an electric rail-,
way In Salina. Kans. He has no assets.
San Franciscan Drowned.
SANTA ROSA, April 27.— Coroner Pierce
held an inquest to-day over the body of
Robert "Willis, who was drowned yester
day afternoon In Russian River, near Fnr
estville, by the capsizing of a boat. He
was for a number of years a San Fran
cisco painter and contractor. The body
was sent to San Francisco this afternoon
for interment.
When Kruger May Come.
CATUCOS, April 27.— An earthquake
shock was felt here at 3:55 o'clock this
afternoon.
LONDON, April 23.— A dispatch from
Amsterdam announces that Mr. Kruger
will leave for the United States at the
commencement of June.
"WASHINGTON*. April 27.— The Postof
fice Department has announced the fol
lowing: Postofflces established: "Wash
ington—Crull, Clallam County, Burton B.
Hartness, postmaster: Sperry, Douglas
County, Joseph H. Sherry, postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned : Washington
— Edgar R. Phillips. Lincoln. Appointed:
California— M. Potter, Shatter, Kern
County, vice E. E. Ross, resigned. Itural
free delivery established June 1—Freewa
ter. Ore.
Pacific Coast pensions were Issued to
day as follows:
California: •> Original— Richard H. Chlt
tenden. Redlands. $8. Additional— "Wlll'am
Irwin, Chico. $8. Increase — Samuel S.
Hammitt, Long Beach. $10: James H.
Pope, Perils. $12. Original minors of "Wil
liam Dollard. San Francisco. $12. War
with Spain: "Widows— Elizabeth A. Shew
man. mother. Pomona. $12.
"Washington: Original — James L. Siver,
Tacoma, $12. Increase — John K. Roll.
Fair haven, $8. Original widows— Emily
B. Porter, Seattle, J3.
OF INTEREST TO IHK COAST.
Mrs. McMillan gave the alarm and Im
mediately a posse was organized to hunt
down the negroes. The posse In a couple
of hours came across "Wesley Lewis, one
of the supposed assailants, who tried to
hide In the bushes. He was handcuffed
and brought under guard to the Fayette
Countv Jail, where he Is now behind the
bars. Bessie "Wares and Lizzie Jones, the
two colored women implicated in the as
sault, were also locked up in Unlontown.
In the meantime word had spread
throughout all Fayette County and a
great number of white men are now
scouring the foothills of the Alleghenies
in the hope of finding the other five ne
groes.
McMillan fell at his door, but before
fleeing the negroes shot at his prostrate
body, another bul'et lodging in the fallen
man near the kidneys. For some time
after the negroes had fled the husband
lay at his door bleeding and his wife lay
unconscious behind the outbuilding, about
fifty feet away. The woman came to her
senses first and found her husband.
Leaving their victim prostrated, the
men gave their atteption to the frantlo
husband, who had been engaged In battle
with one oe more of the men throughout
this terrible ordeal. McMillan broke from
his assailants, and as he darted back Into
his house one of the negroes, evidently
thinking that he was eoing for a gun or
revolver, shot him through the body Just
below the heart.
McMillan's house sits back from ths
highway, near the old Oliphant furnace.
McMillan is about 40 years old, but his
wife Is a young woman, and the two were
alone. Suddenly eight negroes. In the par
ty being two black women, came from
hiding and attacked the house. The men
burst in the door, dragged Mrs. McMillan
from her husband's arms and carried her
out behind the outbuilding, where the six
men assaulted her.
CONNELLSVILLE. Pa.. April 27.— The
Connellsvllle coke region la stirred to
night over the deeds of a gang of negroes,
who attacked Hiram McMillan, a white
man. and his wife, in a lonely house near
Oliphant. and shot the man twice, prob
ably mortally wounding him, and brutally
assaulted the woman, who is also In a
serious condition.
Man Shot and Wife Brutally
Treated by Vicious
Blacks.
Pennsylvanians Aroused
by Attack on White
Persons.
DESPERATE MEN
HUNT NEGROES
At 11:30 p. m. the jury notified the court
that there was no immediate prospect of
an agreement being reached, whereupon
the Judge went home. The consensus of
opinion seems to be that the jury will not
reach an agreement.
The evening session of the Callahan
case was surprisingly brief, as the de
fense waived its right to address the jury.
This action ¦was apparently taken in order
that the . more skilled talent of the State
might suffer a similar deprivation. The
instructions to the jury were lengthy and
without feature.
The State sought to show that Callahan
had been in the reform school, but was
not permitted to do so. Callahan admitted
that he had been convicted of robbery In
this court. He denied that he had been
convicted of burglary. He said he had
known Crowe for twelve or fourteen
years. He said he did not know what
Crowe was doing except what Crowe told
him. Callahan said Crowe had a hard
name and had asked him not to use his
right name If he met any friends when
they were together, and should not intro
duce him. He admitted that he drove
with Crowe a couple of times. He thought
the buggy belonged to Gillan, Crowe's
brother-in-law, at South Omaha. The de
fendant testified that Crowe never stopped
at Mrs. Kelly's longer than a few mo
ments.
The early afternoon was occupied with
the testimony of Callahan in his own be
half. His story was a series of denials of
all theNallegations of the State. He said
he spent the afternoon of December 18
at home and In the evening played cards
at Orff's saloon in South Omaha,
Mamie McDonald, the little daughter of
the preceding witness, proved an unfor
tunate witness for the defense. She said
she remembered a man named Johnson
who often visited Callahan and had heard
It whispered that he was Pat Crowe.
Frank Hensman, a paper carrier, testi
fied to having seen Callahan daily at Mrs.
Kelly's house as he made his rounds. He
delivered his papers between 3:30 and 5
p. m. and had an impression that he saw
Callahan at the house on December 18.
He felt some doubt, however, as to the
exact date. James Gillan. another car
rier, remembered seeing Callahan spend
ing his time in Henry Orff's saloon, when
he was supposed to be absent on his kid
naping mission. He also was not positive
as to the date.
OMAHA, April 27.— The Callahan case
was reopened this morning with James
McDonald on. the stand. McDonald testi
fied that he and Callahan were together
between 3 and 4 o'clock on the day of the
kidnaping. On cross-examination McDon
ald said Callahan was very nervous. He
admitted that he had recently told the
detectives that he was not quite sure
whemer It was December 18 or on the
day or second day following.
Daughter of Important Wit
ness Gives Damaging
Testimony.
Alleged Kidnaper of
Cudahy Recites His
Story.
CHARGES FALSE,
SAYS GALLAHAN
PARK COMMISSIONERS
OMIT MAY DAY FESTIVAL
Custom of Years Laid Aside to Ac
commodate the Teachers* An
nuity Society.
Th«> Park Commissioners at e. special
meeting held yesterday afternoon decided,
after a prolonged discussion, not to hold
the children's annual May day festival
this year. The custom has been In vogue
for years and on the first of each May the
school children have heen granted free
use of the concessions In the park. The
Commissioners decided to omit the festi
val this year at the intercession of and
In order to accommodate the Teachers*
Annuity Society, which is preparing to
tt errand picnic at Glen Park on May
day. in which hundreds of the school chil
dren have volunteered to participate.
In rrantine: the request of the teachers
It was decided, however, that hereafter.
/ »io matter what the conditions may be.
Kjhe childnn s festival In the park will be
held each year on the first of May.
TJNDEBTAKER A2TD DOCTOB
IN SUSPICIOUS CASE
Attempt to Bury Body of Governess
Bouillaguet Without In vesti-
gation Required.
Coroner Leland Is investigating certain
suspicious ' circumstances connected with
the death of Miss Jane Bouillaguet. a
French governess, who was employed in
the family of Jules Levy at 2510 Jackson
street. The lady died of pelvic blood pois
oning, but Dr. R. E. Bunker, the attend
ing physician., neglected to call the atten
tion of the Coroner to that fact, as re
quired by the rules. He merely sent in
a certificate giving the cause of death as
"Septicaemia following opening of pelvic
abscess, contributing cause salplngttls
nnd anaemia." nnd stating that he had<
"attended deceased" from April 7, 1901, to
Anrll 26. 1901."
The first and only person to call the
attention of the Coroner to the fact that
there were suspicious circumstances con
nected with the woman's death was Jules
Levy, the woman's employer. Mr. Levy
notified the Coroner that Miss Boutllaguet
left his house about the 7th of April to
be treated for an affection of the stom
ach, and that he heard nothing more of
her until he learned thRt she had died
at the Bellevue Sanitarium. When the
certificate was presented for the Coroner's
approval, which is a condition precedent
to burial, the Coroner refused to sign it,
and ordered Undertaker Martin to bring
the body to the Morgue in order that an
autopsy might be performed. The Cor
oner learned further that 'Undertaker
Martin, contrary to the rule, had em
balmed the bodv.
"I had given positive orders to all un
dertakers that they should not iniect bod
ies In cases of septicaemia without my
permission, and Undertaker Martin has
violated my order knowingly and Inten
tionally," said Coroner Leland yesterday.
Caledonian Club's Games.
The games committee of the Caledon
ian Club is busy maturing arrangements
for the annual games to be held at Shell
Mound Park. May 30. The programme
shows over forty events, some of them en
tirely new. Included among them are open
field events, throwing the hammer, toss
ing the caber, vaulting with the pole, high
jump, putting the shot, hop, step and
jump, races for old and young, highland
dancing of every description, and tug of
war. Chief A. M. Macpherson will have
charge of the games, assisted by the vet
eran ex-chiefs, : Angus McLeod and D. A.
Macdonald. <f ,/...; : V,y ;¦¦' .¦'. '.': : '\; 7?.i~S'
Chutes.
- La Llsta in her sensational volcano
dance continues to be the feature on the
. Chutes programme. . McKay and Law
rence appear In ' a .laughable • sketch ' en
titled "The Scotch Plckannlny and the
Lady Athlete." Fairbanks brothers are
. Riches have wings, but poverty has
spurs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.5 WASHINGTON, April 27.— Important
action may be taken by the War DepartA
ment this summer in reference to the Pa
cific transport service. While immediate
action may not be taken on the proposi
tion to divert a portion of the present
transport business to a private line of
steamships, the administration appears
favorable to the suspestion that some of
tbo transports be v;ithdrawn later on.
If this is done part of the Government
business to the Orient, which Is bound to
be large and nermanent, will be diverto»l
to private lines. However. It is not prob
able that the entire transport service will
be withdrawn, as has been suggested.
Prospect of Withdrawal
of Some of Pacific
Transports.
rendered by Miss Marlon Smith, and The
Sweetest Flower That Blows," by Hawley,
was sung by Miss Florence Nightingale.
Miss Clara Wilson sang "Home, Sweet
Home,", In the chorus of -which . she was
joined by every one present.
The six younsrer members of the cot
tage family received much applause for
their song, "There Is Sunshine in My
Heart To-day," and Mrs. Carrie Fross
PRIVATE LINES
SHARE TRAFFIC
Same owner . with Ickelhelmer Bros. (con
tractors), architect same — Sewering, plumbing
and gasfitting' of same for same on same*
$1463 50. , . _ . . '
Balfour-Guthrie Investment Company (a cor
poration) (owner) with S. H. Kent (contractor),
archttect Julius E. "Kraft — Carpenter work, in
cluding underpinning and shoring, cast and
wrought iron and steel work, brick, granite
Rn<i artificial stone work, skylights, roofing and
galvanized iron work, lathing, plastering and
ftatr work for alterations and additions to a
three-story and basement office building ¦ on
lot on N line of California street. 45 E of San
some. F. 48:11V!. N 70. W 9U inches, N 54. W
24:6. S 54. W 23:8. S 70: $11,804.
Thomas Crellin (owner) with George Goodman
(contractor), architect Walter J. Mathews—
Excavations and concrete work for a six-story
brick building- on lot on S line of Mission
street. 118:87*. TV of Second. W-9S:3H. S SO. E
69:6 S SO. E 39:754. N 80. TV 10VS inches, N
80 to beginning: $7640.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Annie Gallapher (owner) with William
Helblnpr (contractor and architect— All work for
a three-story frame bulldlntr (flats) nn lot on
\T line of Folsom street, 60 N of Fifteenth,
N 23 by W S3 : S5000.
Independent Ga.i and Power Company (own
ers) with C. Krecker (contractor), architect A.
M. Hunt— All work for a Kalvanised Iron ,build
ln< with wooden frame on lot on P N block
B02 bounded N by Nevada and W by Delaware;
$1922.
Charles G. Gebhardt (owner) with A. ! C.
Soule (contractor), architect T. Patterson Ross
All work for two . two-story • and ¦ basement
frame buIldinKS (four flats) on lot on N line
of Laurel avenue, 57:6 E of Franklin, E 55 by
N 120; J7400.
Andrew and Ann McKenna (owners) with W.
R. Kenny (contractor), architect R. H. Daley-
All work except gas 'fixtures and shades for a
three-story frame building on lot on W line
of Baker street, between Geary and Post, W
line of Baker street, 110 S of Post, S 27:6 by W
137 6; $1775.
Lutsrla Peluecht to LuIkI Delucehl. undivided
half of lot on K line of n«»rtol Mreet. 77:8 S
of nronrtway, S 40 by K B7:fi. the other hnlf
having been conveyed In 1017 D. 87: nee fif
teenth deed In Abstract No. 2303. April 12, 1901;
gift.
Kstatn of Truman B. Tavlor fbv Montell
Tnvlor, administrator) to Frederick J. and
yklhert II. Antz. lot on S line of Clay street,
6S:9 W of Leavenworth. W 25:9 by 8 102:6;
J47S0. • '-
.Tofserh. Harriet B., Jacob ana Bertha O.
Welwbein to Ilelene Gahre. lot on S line of
Twentv-thlrd street. 275 W of Douirlags, W 25
by S 114. lot 137. Heyman Tract; $3000.
Sarre to Susannah J. Park, lot on NE corner
of Ellznbeth street nnd Hoffman avenue
(rilen>. N 26:6 hy K 90: I30C0.
Amanda J. Anderson to Nellie McCarthy
fwlfe of T. A.), lot on N line of Day street.
150 E of Polores, E 25 by N 114: $2:.00.
Martin B. Boberts Jr. to T. B. Draner, lot
on S lire of Cnrl street, 107:6 W of Stanyan,
¦\V SO by S 137:6: 110.
F.stite of Joseph M. Wood (by Abble R. and
Mnrthn "Wood, executrices) to Fame, lot on
N'ff corner of Kroadway and Fillmore street,
W 50 by N 137:6; J20.OO0.
James McNab to Maurice Casey, lot on N
line of Broadway. F.0 W of Fillmore street, W
82:6 by N 137:6; $12,000.
Bank of Naoa to Delia Q. Lvnch, lot on S
line of Greenwich street, 100 W of FlHmore,
XV 37:fi by S 120: J3.-00.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E. W, Clayton to Maude and Josenh H.
Xclsn.. for $20,0CO. north«»a!>t corner of Haieht
and Buchanan streets and 63:9x273 on the north
east line of Kiehth, 137:6 feet northwest from
Brennan; Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
to Mary F. Temnleton. for $59,000. propprtv on
the east line of Ransome, 57:6 feet south from
Pine; German Saving 1 * nnd Loan Society to
Nathan and Pauline Cohen, for J13.0OO. 2Sxl00
on the northwest line of Howard, 275 feet south
west from Sixth.'
Security Savings Bank to Edward B. Hlndes
$20,000, upon the northwest corner of California
and Jones: Humboldt Savlncs and Loan Society
to Edward C Der.Ican, $30,000 on the northwest
corner of Van Ness avenue and McAllister
ftreet: Humboldt Savings and Loan Society to
John J. and Maria K. Luchsimrer. $2n.C0O on
corner of Mission and Tenth; Hibernia Savings
end Loan Society to Pierre Dupuy, $40,000 nn
th» southeast corner of Mission and Seventh:
Hlbernla Pavin?? e.nd Loan Society to A. Aron
pon. JiOO.CCO on the northeast corner of Mission
and New Anthony.: Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society to Franclsca C. Langreerhr. $12,000 on
the northwest corner of Larkin and Geary: Ger
man Savlnpp and Loan Society to Adolphus G.
and Frederick Puss et al., $40.ooo on the south
west corner of Montgomery and Pine.
The largrer releases and reconveyances
of the week were as follows:
The larger loans of the week are the
following:
Loans and Heleascs.
L. H. Sly's apartment house at 1001
Bush street will cost $50,000 and the one at
1007 Bush will cost another $50,000.
R. A. Vance will build four flats on
Hyde street, 107:6 feet south from Bush,
to cost $9500.
Four flats will be erected on Baker
street. 27:6 feet north of McAllister, for
M. Samuel, the cost being $10,000.
be erected for Philip Bannworth on the
northeast corner of Eddy and Fillmore
streets.
Rev. J. K. McLean conducted the dedi
catory exercises and bestowed the name
"Marion" In honor of Mrs. Smith's daugh
ter. Rev. C. R. Brown of the First Con
greerational Church was also present and
christened six little girls of the home.
Miss Jennie Long of San Francisco read
the thirteenth chapter of Corinthians and
also recited later, "The Man in the
Moon." "It Is Spring," by Gounod, was
clever club jugglers. The Callenders sing
popular selections. Mirlan Ainsworth in
character changes, the Girl of Quality in
new songs and moving pictures complete
the list of attractions.
Snyder amused old and young with a cou
ple of recitations, entitled "I "Want to Be
a Cowboy, but I Dasn't," and "What the
Wind Says." At the close of the pro
gramme, which was thoroughly enjoyed
by everybody, ices and cake were served.
The cottage Is built around the three
sides of a square, a plan which permits
the sun to enter every room. The living
room Is quite large, comfortable chairs, a
cushioned settee and a piano giving: it a
cozy appearance. Besides . the matron's
rooms, there are ten tiny bedrooms, a
kitchen and dining-room.
Mrs. Wilson, the matron, has In charge
ten girls ranging in age from 4 to 16 years,
and a bright looking little family she has.
Bach one of the children will be taught
some congenial trade or profession In or
der that she may become self-supporting.
Mrs. Smith has set a practical example
¦which others charitably Inclined may well
follow, and too much praise cannot be ac
corded the noble work begun at Marion
Cottage.
Marion Cottage /is only the first of a
series that Mrs. Smith will construct. The
foundations of the second have been laid
and the walls are going up. It is the In
tention of Mrs. Smith to build ten of these
cottages on her settlement. Each cottage
will house ten girls, and they will be con
structed as rapidly as may be found
necessary. ,
Five fiats and a store will.be Included
In a three-story building to cost $14,000 to
A. Ruch will erect two fiats to cost $10.
000 on the northeast corner of Lyon and
Washington streets. * •
Louis Schoenberg s five-story and base
ment building on the corner of First and
Stevenson streets will cost $30,000.
On the west line of Diamond street, near
Hill, a Catholic church building for the
parish in charge of Rev. Father McOuade
will be built at a cost of about $18,000.
Samuel G. Murphy's new residence on
the northwest corner of Pacific avenue
and Broderick street will cost $40,000.
Mrs. Myra A. Greenwood will «»rect a
five-story and basement brick building on
the south line of Mission street, between
Shaw ally and Second street, ¦ to cost
$7000.
The building for the Merchants' Ice and
Cold Storage Company on the south line
of Lombard street, west from Sansome
will cost $100,000. approximately.
The southeast corner of Fourth and
Clementina streets will have a $50,000 ho
tel building, six stories and basement, to
be erected by the Driscoll estate. The lot
is 56x110 feet.
Progress of Building.
Other Transactions.
Lyon & Hoajj report sales as follows:
From the Pixley estate to Dr. Gardner Perry
Pond, lot 50x100. on the north line of Green
Ftreet. 77:6 eaFt of Steiner. for J3400: to A. K.
DaBgrett. lot 25x33:9, on the east line of Steiner
street, 175 feet north of Green. $1250; to Mrs.
C. G. Lynch, lot 25x93:9. on the east line of
Steiner street, 50 feet south of Union, $1150,
and to the McCarthy Company, lot 25x118:9, on
the east line of Steiner street. 150 feet north
of Green, for $1275: lot 25x92. on the southeast
corner of San Bruno avenue and Marlposa
street, to the Power Estate Company, for $3C00;
lot 50x100. on the west line of Mississippi street,
200 feet north of Twenty-fifth, to H. Harrison,
for $750: lot 25x100, on the west line of Missouri
street. 150 south of Eighteenth, for $1000; lot
25xlC0, on the west line of Missouri street. 300
feet south of Eighteenth, with Improvements,
for 12950: lot 25x114. with improvements, on the
north line of Das- street. 150 feet east of Do
lores, for $2?50; lot 25x120. with improvements,
on the eaFt line of Fourth avenue. 275 feet north
of Clement street, for $2300: lot 25x90. and lm- ,
! provements. on the north line of Folsom street,
B0 feet ea*t of Ninth, for $4300: lot 22:6x100, on
the west line of Vioksbnre: street. 134 feet south
of Twenty-second, for $1650: lot 25x80, with two
flats, at 162 Tremont avenue, $4800.
7 per cent net: all rented.
The Burnham & Marsh Company re
port the following sales:
For HT'rabeth Geary and others to C. Froe-
Uch for S17.500 the property on the northwest \
line of Howard street. SO feet southwest from
Kirst etreet. 43xf.*. This sale, including two
made to Payne and Denman, represent a trans
fer of over $50,000 Tnade by this firm on How
ard street In the last month. E. Barnett to
Joseph Urba. lit 15x137:6 on the north line of
Pa?e' street, 123 east of Ashbury. for 53050:
Bridgvt Clifford to C. Carsin. lot 25xl2n on the
¦west line cf First avenue, near Clement street,
for J1450; two-story residence and lot 2.-.X102
for estate of T. B. Taylor to F. J. Antz for
$45*0.
Sol Getz &^Brother report the following
sales during- the past week:
Entire block bounded by I and J streets and
Forty-third and Forty-fourth avenues. 240x600;
for 53000: westerly one-half of block S01.
bounded by K and L streets and Thirty-fourth
avenue, for $1630: 32:6x100. northwest corner of
J street and Forty-seventh avenue, for $500;
25x120 with Improvements, on east line of
Testh avenue, 100 feet south of K street, for
$1000; 27:6x100. northwest corner of Ninth ave
nue and M street, for $S50: 25x120. west line of
Ninth- avenue. ICO feet north from M street,
for $650; 60x120, east line of Seventeenth ave
nue, 175 feet north from Clement street, for
$700; 27:fixl00. south line of Clement street. M3
feet east from Tenth avenue, for $750: 50x100.
southeast line of Vienna street. 150 feet north
ea£t from Persia avenue, for $500.
A. J. Rich & Co. report the following
sales:
Five-story brick building on the east line of
Stockton street, 45 feet north of Post, sold for
Jacob Stern for $36,250, of which the rent is
above $200 per month: for A. S. Wollberg,
northeast corner of Broadway and l.-isjuna
streets, 60 feet' front by 137:6 feet in depth, for
$15,500; northeast corner of Geary and Goutrh
rtreets, lot 27:6 by 137:6 feet, with improve
ments for the estate of Regina Kline for near
ly $12,000: house and lot on the east line of
Central avenue. 55 feet north from Hai«?ht
street, to Katherlne Whelan. for $S750; lot 40
by 60 feet on the south line of Berry etreet.
Just east from Grant avenue, for D. M. Rich
ards, for $12,f>00: houfw? and lot on the «outh
line of Tine street. R7:6 east from Stockton,
S4H by T7V4 feet, from the Kennedy estate to
Li. Pelrano, for $4500: house and lot. northeast
corner Ptclfic and Salmon streets, to B. Man
t-ls. $2600.
Raymond. Baldwin & Co. will remove to
room 2, seventh floor of the Mills building
Transfers and Leases.
O. D. Baldwin & Co. report th* follow
ing- sales:
Lot 37:5x110. with Improvements, on th* wept
line of Ninth street. 150 feet south of Howard,
for »1!.OC0; Joseph Hlrsch to Edward Phillips,
lot 25x100. on the east line of Hrorterlek street.
TO feet north of Grove, for $1300: Georte E.
Dow tn the Mime, lot ?5xl2.">:6, on the east line
Of Uroderlrk. utreet. 112:6 north of McAHl«ter.
for $I.'.00; Henry F. W. Pehafer to Georjre Ben
nett, lot SSxl27:S\i. on the north line of Clay
street. 112:6 east of Lnurol. for $3. r .00: sixteen
lots. 25x100x112, in the block bounded by B and
C streets and Fortv-flfth and Fortv-nlxth ave
nues, by J«-nnle H. York and others to Dr.
Mofs. for $2000. and by Mary M. Tucker to
Jarr.es Welch, lot 23xW5, on the east linn of
Church street, 61:6 nouth of Ltberty, for $750.
Flinn & Sanderson are building seven
teen cottages to sell on the installment
plan on Hill street, between Noe and San
chez. •
Oscar Heyman reports the sale of a six
room cottage on the south line of Twen
tv-third street, between Douglass and
Hoffman, to Mrs. Helen Gahre for $2S00;
also a four-room cottage on Onondaga
avenue for $1230.
The San Francisco Real Estate Invest
ment Company has leased to Livingston
& Co. for a period of seven years, for $33.
000. the store and basement at 867 Market
street. :'.¦-'."• .''*•'
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold to
Maurice Casey the property on the north
line of O'Farrell street, between Powell
and Mason. 60 feet east from ;" El wood
street, with a frontage, of 74:6 on O'Far
rell street and a depth of 137:6 and with
an extension 60x60 in the rear to Elwood
street, the price being: $125,000. The im
provements are not valuable.
Hooker. Lent & Co. have sold property
on the south side of Bush street, 137:6
feet west from Taylor, the lot being
64:4^x137:6. for $17,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold the north
west corner of Jones alley and Washing
ton street 37:9x80 for $15,000, with improve
ments consisting of two 3-story brick
buildings.
A. M. Speck & Co. have sold lot and im
provements at 46 and 48 Beaver street, be
tween Noe and Castro for $3250. and lot
with three houses at 2106 to 2110 O'Farrell
street for $3750.
Sales by Brokers.
Realty In the business section . Is still
the center of interest on the part of in
vestors. Large drals are pending. Among
them is the one In which A. M. Speck &
Co. are the brokers, which -will foot up
5100,000. The plans of the promoters Is the
erection of a fine building on California
street on the site of the present Mer
chants' Exchange, In which all commer
cial bodies In the city may be housed are
near completion. So many signatures have
been secured from those whose consent
Is necessary to carrying the project
through that success is practically as
sured. A structure probably ten stories
high will be erected. The Hayward build
ing, almost opposite, Is nearly finished on
the exterior up to the tenth story and
makes an Imposing appearance on San
Francisco's banking 1 street.
Within the nresent week the plans for
the Crocker hotel, to rise on the 6lte of
the old Calvary church, will be made pub
lic. This will be an eleven story structure.
Inasmuch as the word has gone out that
money will not be spared In making the
finest and most complete hotel that can
be produced, curiosity is on edge concern-
Ing It. Several changes have been made
In the details recently all tending to im
provement. Now the projectors have con
cluded that they have what they desire
and the executors of the Crocker heirs
are now ready to go ahead.
OAKLAND, April 27.— The great
work of philanthropy which Mrs.
F. M. Smith has planned as her
' life-work was fairly launched to
day and Marion Cottage, which
was dedicated this afternoon, has become
an established fact. The ten youthful In
mates of the cottage spoke with beaming
faces of their happiness in their new sur
roundings and their glad smiles were a
tribute to the great heart of the woman
¦who has thus assured their future comfort
and welfare.
The cottage stands on a prominence ad
joining the grounds of Mrs. Smith's resi
dence, and in honor of the dedication was
to-day tastefully decorated in pink and
green. Across the front of the house the
v;ords "Marion Cottage" were wrought in
pink geraniums against a background.
Large Buildings Are to Adorn
the More Eligible
Sites.
Brokers Actively Making
Sales in Many
Sections.
LIVELY DEMAND
FOR CITY LOTS
INVESTORS CAN
TAKE OIL STOCK
New Plan of Operation
"With Debenture
Company. :¦ ¦•
Wildcat Investment Stopped
by Attorney General's
Citation. ,. :
. "The existence of s'ich companies wh«»r«»
rrtance and fraud fc'l.iy so J*rjr<» *
r«rt T^poed « letisrmn unon «U dehenture
rornpnrfeji. Insurance Commissioner Clu
rte's nttnek upon 1 he companies served to
t*vf publicity to the fraudulent character
of some of them without separnttnr the
prnod from thf bad. Wo were a flebenfire
rorawny that pptfled it. Investment
ceased nnd office expenses, salaries of «<o-
Itritorv. ef.. rnpidlv ptc Irto the c^pitnl
F 4 ork we had Invented. The Ip'j of the
FViareVioMor* rTrccti* $12 ft<v> and It <« a
«lead !o«-s. for !t was paid out to plure
the b'.:»'neF« on a navlnn basis — In tlte
form rt ndvertlsemepts. c'Tulars. pal-
BrW. n*^ce rent, and so forth.
"On the other h»>nd. we a* Btockhoiders
«re 'pftwnf'Wo and *he Investors In deben
tures r-rp pdequnto'v nrotec f ed by that
fact. Pect^os our reserve fund. In tr>e
<n rni of serur't'es with the California
Paf» T> r oci» Br fl Trust Comnanv. ha« In
it t^^ W> have other ass<"««. including
n srnaM red«mption fund. Whatever the
Folution mnv b« we have quit the busi
ness of selUne debentures "
"In our contract in th«» debentures we
pre bou"d to redeem the bond coupons or
the bonds t^emsplves in the order of their
maturity. In some companion ther* In a
complicated system for the determination
of what coupons shall be redeemed nnd tn
pome nn pctual drawing, ns In a lottery,
determines It.
Debentures No Loader Sell.
"TVe could not afford." he said, "try con.
tlrue 5n a business that had become
brand*" as partaking of a lottery charac
ter. While we contend that our business
was ie?ritimate and was a form of sav
1rps hnrk investment In which Investors
were given complete protection, we must
urtmit that there are debenture companies
that ar» game* of chance pure and wim
ple. They are lotteries and some of th<*m
«re rank frauds, only the men on the ln
f!o> be'nj? able to flsiire ovt whut bonds
or bord counons will be redeemed.
General Gleaves says that his company
¦will pav the holders of Its debenture
bonds to the last dollar of their Invest
ment.
Following the attack on them made by
Insurance Commissioner Clunie the de
benture compar-les tried to secure legis
lation that wo«M rut them under th* In
fraction of the Bank Commissioners. That
failed and a b'll providing: for the denoslt
of their redemption funds in the State
Treasury was also defeated. HMscour
eped by the failure of these attempts to
perure recognized financial standing the
debenture companies have since then been
looking for soft spots upon which to
3i.e-ht.
• Attorney General Ford lateiv followed
tip t^e recommendations of the Insurance
Oorrim'rpioner and Building and Loan
r"omrrv>sionFrs by citing the debenture
comparif-s to appear before him and show
cause why action should not be be^un
to prevent further sale of debentures us
T>e!n{r a fraud and lottery. I. J. Truman
Jr.. as ettorrely for four of the five local
debenture companies, filed a brief in an
fwpr to the citation. Since then other
•-"mpaiilps than that of which General
Cleaves Is the head have shown a dispo
sition to po out of business and Attor
ney General Ford believes that such end
¦will sho'-tly be accomplished without legal
action being brought against the coin
pan'.ep
Companies Are Cited.
.Tamp? M. Cleaves. United States Sur
veyor General for California. Is president
cf th? eompary. h.iving' succeeded I. J.
-Trumnn. C. II. Werer of ATameda. Is
vice president. Ger>rp<* R. McMullen Is
pecretary and the Columbian Banking
Comr>nnv is treasurer. The other direct
ors are I. J. Tru-man Jr.. Dr. M. E. Van
Meter. S. C. "Wnllsc*. E. C. Hughes, IC
A. Croney and Frederick Vail Owen.
The form of the debentures of this com
pnny is such that when $30. or twelve
monthly payments, has been made, pay
ment may stop without forfeiture of the
nmor.Tit invested. That -will doubtless
ftirnlrh the solution to the Investors' prob
lem. They will stop payment and wait
for the liquidation of their coupons as fast
as acs^ts are available. Most of them.
v.ilMns'ly or reluctantly as the case may
ne. TviM consent probably to the oil In
vestr-^nt rather than take their chances
writine for fi'nd* to accumulate.
If any Investor in debentures considers
that transferring his money to oil stock
would be jumping out of the frying pan
into the fire, he can refuse to give his
consent. If he kteps on paying in $2 50
per month for the remainder of the twen
ty-year period, his bond will have to be
redeemed then for J10W— provided that
The company does not go into the hands
of a receiver before that time.
In the event of any holders of deben
tures refusing to give written consent to
the conversion of the debenture company
Into an oil company, General Gleaves says
that the company will remain In exist
ence, making no further sale of deben
tures, but redeeming: those now outstand
ing a« fast as they mature.
The oil company proposition involves
the cancellation of debentures outstand
ing and the issuance to the holders of
them their proportionate shares in the
capital stock of the oil company.
Oil Stock for Holders of Bonds.
At the meeting Friday night such a
course was determined upon, and a com
mittee consisting of General James M.
Oleaves, president of the company, Oeorge
R. McMullen, its secretary, and I. J. Tru
man Jr., its attorney, was appointed to
effect the necessary changes In the arti
cles of incorporation. The consent of the
holders of some 300 debenture bonds that
are outstanding: will have to be secured
before such change can be made. Presi
dent Gleaves claims that many of these
Investors are anxious to go Into oil and
have Importuned the directors to do what
will now be attempted.
When a company has Incorporated and
Bold bonds, even when those bonds are of
the debenture eort. g-olng- out of business
Is not such a staple matter. In this case
It becomes still more complicated because
of a proposition to reincorporate as an
oil company and Invest the assets of the
debenture company in developing oil lands
In Lake County.
The stockholders ef the Home Deben
ture Investment Company met Friday
nleht at the eoir.pany'e office In the Par
rott building and adopted a. resolution to
quit the debenture business. Of the 995
shares of stock, 6S4 were represented ej
the meeting-, and the holders of the re
maining shares are said to be In sym
pathy with th« abandonment ©f the ta
booed enterprise.
The finish of the debenture companies
apparently Is In sight. On« of them has
already decided to jro out of business, and
Attorney General Ford, agreeing with the
Insurance Commissioners and the Build
ing end Loan Commissioners that such
companies are vicious In principle, will
bring action to force the remainder of
them to close up their affairs unless they
consent to do po voluntarily.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ¦ SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
GREAT WORK OF CHARITY IS FAIRLY
LAUNCHED AT LAST BY MRS. SMITH
WELL-KNOWN WOMAN PHILAN
THROPIST AND CHARITY COT
TAGE, DEDICATED YESTERDAY.
25
1 % §K$3 ¦ 0 I Va/ II Lu I V kL It ¦ pl<£ H I
Si p|| OVER HALF OF THE SUICIDES IN THIS COUNTRY CAN BE fe; ||
\P fell TRACED TO A DISORDERED LIVER, IN FACT, THERE IS |£*h ||
ftl fclf N0 OTHER DISEASE THAT HAS SUCH A DEPRESSING EFFECT fet |l
|| g§ ON THE PATIENT AS DISEASE OF THE LIVER. THOUSANDS lp§l |j
W WA OF PEOPLE ARE TO-DAY DOCTORING FOR SOME IMAGINARY fli W
I Hi AILMENT, WHO, IF THEIR LIVER WERE WORKING IN A J|§ I
H ®4 HEALTHY MANNER, WOULD BE IN PERFECT HEALTH. TOE /£#] S
IB Wm LIVER ACTS AS A PURIFIER OF THE BLOOD, AND ABOVE fef|/$a
I fe 111 ALL 0TnER M EMBE RS OF THE BODY, SHOULD BE ATTENDED E|f /?|
W £^wl e a o naran * ee^ cure * or a^ sea8es °f theliver. It acts immediately ||^a M
Hi an(^ eaves none of the bad effects that result from calomel and other fi§3 M
poisonous drugs. And all other troubles arising from disordered, weak fi^ fM
Hi digestion or inactive Kidneys or, Liver. It makes pure blood, a good |j£-if I >1
raa appetite and builds up the whole system. „ F>^' fi a
Mill A MILD LAXATIVE, WORKS RAPIDLY AND BE is
WITHOUT A GRIPE OR PALN. §Q iS
@£t&% S^ Ono thing Is certain— LINCOLN TEA moves the Bowel* Jf^ fcW I//£\
y« » 100-Page Book of Stories and Anecdotes of ADraham £s$8>$ if #fflKeith's largest line trimmed hats in the
United States, ' under the personal super
vision of Mme. Alma E. Keith, 808 Market
street, Phelan building. . •
Friends of the Forest.
Pioneer Lodge is advancing, adding to
its membership at almost every meeting.
Lincoln Lodge gave a very successful
party last week. There was an interest
ing programme of entertainment.
Mizpah Circle is arranging for a social
to be given in the . old Supreme Court
building.
A new lodge will soon be Instituted in
the Mission district with a large member
shi P- u , , i
America Lodge reports a number of Ini
tiations recently.
Harmony Lodge on last Tuesday night
gave a social in the Foresters' building,
when a very enjoyable evening was spent.
This lodge at its last held meeting initiat
ed three candidates and has now. one
proDosition before it. . '¦ -
Mizpah Lodge gave an entertaining so
cial in the old Supreme Court building on
Larkin street last Wednesday night.
There was a good programme of musio
and dances that kept the members and
their friends together until a late hour.
The next session of this order will be
held in this city on the 4th of ne,xt June.
"SKY PILOTS" WILL BE AMONG THE THEMES
OF THE MANY SERMONS TO BE PREACHED TO-DAY
Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning- on
"Living Your Creed."
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First U. P.
Church will preach this morning on "The
King Wonderful," and in the evening on
"The Betrayal."
"Everlasting Punishment" will be the
sub-sermon at the servces of the Flras
Church of Christ, Scientist, this morning.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on "Sol
itude, a Test of Character," and In the
evening on "Journey to Rome."
Rev. John A. Wilson of the Howard
Street M. E. Church will preach this
morning on "The Great Commission,"
ing on "The Bible Idea of the City;" and
in the evening on "God Demands Obedi
ence." . ,¦
Rev.-G. L. Spining will occupy the pul
pit of the Calvary Presbyterian Church
this morning and preach on "Home Min
isters in the Twentieth Century," and in
the evening on "All Things Working To
gether for. God."
Rev. E. H. Avery of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "The Apostolic Hero," and
In the evening on "The Successful Young
Man."
and In the evening on "First Things In th»
Ascent of Life."
Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller of the Central M.
E. Church will preach this morning on
"The Faithful and Fickle." and in tha
evening on the "Ways of Life and. Waya
of Death."
Rev. J. N. Beard of the Grace) M. E.-.
Church will preach this morning on "Tha V
Modern Evangel." >
Rev. Frank K. Baker of the First M. E.
Church will preach this morning on the
'.'Distrust of the Word of God," and In
the evening hl3 subject will be "The Sky
Pilot."
Rev. Milton D. Buck, pastor of Trinity
M. E. Church, will preach this morning on
"Why We Believe Matthew, Mark. Laka
and John," and In the evening on
"Christianity and Confucianism."
Rev. John Stephens of Simpson Memo
rial Church will preach this evening on
"The Serpent m the Hedge."
A revival convention will be held at tha
Advent Christian Church on May 6 and
7 at 2 and 7 p. m. P. B. Morgan is pastor
of the church.
Rev. Frank S. Ford will preach this
morning on the "Church of Christ," and
In the evening on "Tho Conversion of a
Good Man."
Rev. William Guthrle will preach to tho
congregation of the First Presbyterian.
Church this morning and In the even'ns
Rev. Georga L. Spining -will occupy tha
pulpit.
Rev. T. Brown of the Zlon A. M. E.
Church will preach this morning on "W»
liave Found Him." and in the evening on
"The Power and Influence of the Holy
Ghost."
"The Disappointed Lawyer" will be ih*»
BV.bject of the discourse to be delivered
this afternoon by Rev. H. H. Bell at tho
mass meeting in the auditorium of the
i Yourg Men'9 Christian Association
ATTOENEY MAHONEY
WRECKS A POUND
Rescues His Horse From the Care o"
the Constable at
Larkspur. ' (
LARKSPUR, April 27.— Poundmaster
and Constable A. J. Marriott to-day
swore out a warrant charging W. H. Ma
honey, the San Francisco attorney, who
resides here, with having wrecked the
village pound. In the complaint Mr. Ma
honey is accused of malicious mischief.
Poundmaster Marriott yesterday dis
covered a clew that led him to believe
that a vandal was at work in the town.
At the Brown residence he found four
pickets gnawed from the front gate. At
the Vescera home a hammock, had been
torn down. By careful stalking and
clever footwork Poundman- Marriott fol
lowed these shadowy clews and was re
warded by catching Mahoney's horse at
large upon- the land of President Wright
of the Larkspur Land Company. Tho
horse was led away to the pound.
When Mr. Mahoney heard. of the plight
of his Industrious horse his rage knew
no bounds. AVith. his. trusty ax he Carrle
nationed the pound and led his equine pet
home. . . s !'jS
Mr. Mahoney has had more : than
twenty lawsuits with President Wright
over roadways and the Larkspur water
service. The feud was supposed to have
been dead until to-day. . ..;, ¦: •-;
French Gulch Prospector Suffers
MISTAKEN FOB, A DEEB,
'¦'¦'. AND B ADLT WOTJNDED
Through a Hunter's Lack of
Precaution.' i
REDDING, April 27.— Vincent J. Engle,
a pioneer resident of French Gulch, is
the latest victim of the hunter "who
thought he was a deer." Engle was badly
wounded by Emilo G. Martinez, a fellow
townsman, but it is believed he will re
cover. ,' - - ,
Engle left home early this morning on
a short prospecting trip. Later in .the day
Martinez started over the hills in search
of a missing cow. When about two miles
from home he saw a movement in some
brush, and, believing it was caused by a
wild animal of some species, he fired two
shots in its direction. A human cry of
pain drew him in horror to .the spot,
where he found Engle writhing on the
ground. One bullet had entered Engle' s
groin and passed through the hip. The
victim of the regrettable accident was
brought to Redding this evening and is
being cared for by the Odd Fellows, of
which order he is a member. ' ...
Takes Overdose of a Drug.
Falls From a Train.
PENRYN, April 27.— Mrs. Marie W. . Par
ker Hall, widow of the late Isaac Hall,
died last night from : the effects of a
heavy dose of some drug administered by
herself while suffering from hysteria and
a nervous disorder, with which she had
been afflicted for some months. ; Sha
owned considerable property here and at
Brighton, Sacramento County. .'
LOS ANGELES, April 27.— Word -w:as re
ceived here early this morning 1 that Hal
Scroad, a native of Harrisburg, Pa,, who
has been visiting here for his health and
who left here last Thursday, fell from the
eastbound Santa Fe passenger train last
night near Gallup, N. M., and was picked
up dead. He was a consumptive and very
111 when he left here.
FEDERATION ELECTS
MISS BOYI> PBESIDENT
Delegates From San Joaquin. Valley
Women's Clubs Closs Their
Session.
VISALIA. April 27.— After a three days'
session the San Joaquin Valley. Federa
tion of Women's Clubs adjourned this aft
ernoon. The next annual meeting will ba
held In Fresno. The following officers
were elected: Miss Nellie Boyd. Fresno,
president; Mrs. L. Dinkelspiel. Bakers
fleld, vice president: Mrs. Florence Kim
ball. Visalla. secretary; Mrs. Alva .E.
Snow, Fresno, corresponding secretary;
Mrs. May L. Buckner, Hanford. treas
urer.
Will Accept tho Carnegie Gift.
ALBANY, N. T., ' April 27. — Governor
Odell has signed the bill which authorizes
New York City to accept the $5,200,000 gift
of Andrew Carnegie for a free library sys
tem.
The Rev. E. P. Dempsey will deliver the
discourse at the 11 o'clock mass in St.
Mary's Cathedral this morning. The Rev.
J. B. Hannigan will preach in the evening.
DAWSOMT MINE-OWNERS
HEAPING YEAR'S PBOFTTS
His Grace Archbishop Riordan will ad
minister the sacrament of confirmation In
Sacred Heart Academy on Wednesday
evening next. . ¦ ' . ' ¦ '
A solemn high mass will be celebrated
at 10:30 o'clock this morning in St. Igna
tius Church in honor of the feast of the
patronage of St. Joseph. Rev. Father
Mulligan. S. J.. will deliver the discourse.
In the evening there will be solemn ves
pers, a sermon' by Rev. Father Cappa, S.
J., and benediction of the blessed sacra-
Rev. W. E. Dugan of the Stewart Me
morial Church- will preach this morning
on "The Power of Darkness," and in the
enening on "The Days of Herod the
Rev! William Rader of the Third..Con
gregational Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "The Legacy ot a Life," and in the
evening he will speak on "Faust. -
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church will preach this morn-
Spring Clean-TTt> in the Klondike
Will Be Not Less Than '
$25,000,000.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 27.— The steam
er Amur brings news of the .... Klondike
clean-up, which is being vigorously pros
ecuted. Sluicing is in full operation, the
thaw having given plenty of water. The
output is estimated at not less than $2o,
000,000. Many experts say it will roach
$30,000,000. Stampeders are still rushing to
Montana Creek, which is now more staked
than any Klondike creek. Stampeders are
also going to Gold River. Owing to the
thaw caused by good weather Dawsonites
are looking for an early opening of the
rl Ore' going $50,000 to the ton has been
found in a mine on Twelve Mile Inlet,
near Kethlkan. &* Vr -•¦
The Amur passed the wreck or the
barge Colorado, which is lying on Man
auense reef, in Wrangel Narrows. Her
bow is lifted up on the reef and the stern
submerged at high tide. Her cargo can
be saved.
A Suggestion to Housekeepers.
Get thee quickly to the rummage sale
of carpets, oilcloths, mattings Monday
morning, for the prices will range at
ridiculously low figures, from 10c to 2Sc
for good floor coverings, a yard wide; not
in large quantities, but enough to furnish
a small room or for a runner. Art Carpet
Shop, 225-223 Powell street. . •
BICE TO BE PLANTED
' ON BECLAIMED LANDS
STOCKTON, April 27.— R. P. Lone is to
make a scientific experiment In rice" cul
ture on the tract of the Old River Land
and Reclamation Company. Mr. Lane has
been Interested in the project by C. Louis
Smith, who Is visiting here from Louis
iana. Mr. Smith tells of the building up
of that country by the rice fields, recall
ing the rise in the price of land .from $3
an acre to- 5150. This has been done In
many instances In the face, of the fact
that water rights cost $20 an acre and
rent the same. Yet with all this, from. $30
to $40 clear was made off each acre. Here
the water would be of practically no ex
pense.
There are different varieties of rice
which thrive In different soils and the
proposition is now to give all a trial. Mr.
Lane says that he does not see why
Chinese and- Japanese, who farm much
of the river bottoms, should not know how
to cultivate rice. If it can be demonstrat
ed that rice can be grown profitably here
he will get capital to put In big tracts.
Art Needlework.
Art rooms of W. H. McCuln are now
open < to the public. Lessons every day.
Room 52, Columbia bldg, 916 Market st. •
At the Besorts.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Among the
many recent arrivals at Highland Springs
are noticed the following names: Mrs. E.
T. Pierce and Miss Ethel Vora-. Pierce,
Los Angeles: Mrs. J. E. Hopkins, Miss
Mabel Hopkins. Miss B. Smith, William
F. Hopkins, P. J. O'Dea, C. R. Goodrich*
Mr. and Mrs. C. Herrmann, James Sulli
van, G. D. Hibbard. A. J. Stinson, Mr.
and Mrs. George H. Robinson, Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Marriott, Edward P. Fish, C.
F. Young, Dr. and Mrs. C. W. Hibbard,
Mrs. E. H. Linforth, Mrs. R. J. Murray,
August Lang," Henry B. Meyer; Mrs. Alex
ander Center. Miss E. . M. . Center, Miss
Maude V. Ames. Walter H. Linforth, Mr.
and Mrs. P. E. Haslett and E. Barry, San
Francisco. Dr. and Mrs. Skalfe of San
Rafael are at Highlands for a few weeks'
stay. As the weather is lovely the doctor
is putting In a great deal of time on the
golf links. Rear Admiral J. A. Trilley
and Mrs. Trilley returned Saturday to
their home In San Francisco a^ter their
annual spring visit at Highlands.
YOSEM1TE— Among some of the noted
arrivals at the Sentinel Hotel, Yosemito
Valley, during the past week were: Col
onel Lawrence Wethevill and family of
Philadelphia; H. A. Everett, wife, family
and maids of Cleveland, Ohio; 1 F. S.
Streeter, an Eastern railroad magnate,
and party of six: Dr. Charles Cross, San
Francisco; Mrs. Henderson and daughter
of New York, F. Reed and party of four
of Pittsburg, Pa.; Mr. and Mrs. Horwitz
of Cleveland, Ohio; Chris Jorgensen and
family of San Francisco. C. Streeter of
Chicago, Mrs. E. E. Harwood of New
York, H. Say and Dr. Thaon of Paris, A.
Roosevelt of New York, H. R. Jackson
and daughter of New Jersey, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas Chester and Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Totten of New York, Mr. Halle
and wife of Cleveland, Ohio; Mr. and Mrs.
Ashllman and Frederick Bradbury of New
York, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bruce of Chi
cago.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS— The follow-
Ingv guests are registered at Skaggs Hot
Springs, in Sonoma County: From San
Francisco— General J. H. Dickinson, Ma
jor. D. E. Miles. E. A. Kolb. Mrs. George
D. Lucy, Master Harold Lucy, A, E.
Skillicorn, H. La Verne Moore, Don J.
McKay, ¦ Louis E. Pels, A. E. Green, E.
B. Blood J. P. Thorn, G: T. Thorn, Ben
jamin Edson, Max Getz, Miss M. A. Den
vir. Dr. and Mrs. George W. Kleiser. G.
E. Sheldon, Louis Levin, -Val R. Bury,
Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Senecal, Mr. and Mrs.
Personals.
Mrs. Lydia' E. Fisk, Mrs. Arthur G.
Fisk and Mrs. I. Wertheimer have gone
to the Geysers for the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry G. W. Dinkelspeil,
accompanied by Mrs. I. H. Jacobs, after
spending nearly a week at Santa Barbara,
have gone to Los Angeles and other points
south for a few days. " .
Mrs. J. Wallenstein left last Sunday for
a three months' trip to visit her sister,
Mrs. Ike Knoch, of Susanville, Cal.
Mr. and Mrs. John Rodda left on Thurs
day for a visit to New York and Europe.
Mrs. P. Flach and Mrs. F. W. Seitz
have discontinued their home day for the
summer months. They leave for Mill Val
ley next week.. ¦
D. Hyman left on steamer Santa Rosa
April 21 on a business and pleasure trip
through the southern part of this State
and Mexico.
. Mrs. C. J. Gardner of 203 Guerrero street
has gone to Mill Valley and will discon
tinue her day at home for the summer.
Miss Marie Lynch, daughter of Presid
ing Judge Lynch of Pennsylvania, who
has been visiting her aunt and uncle, Dr.
and Mrs. Pawlicki, returned to her home
in the East on Wednesday.
' Hugh Murray, superintendent of the
Alaska Packers' Association, left April 21
for Pyramid Harbor, Alaska, on his new
steamer,, the Chilcat, which was recently
christened at Fulton Iron Works by his
daughter. Miss Marion Murray.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Ottenberg have removed
to 978 Geary street.
Sailed Away. '
Among the passengers from the Pacific
Coast who sailed for Europe on the Ham
burg-American line twin-screw express
steamship Deutschland from New York
April 18 were: Mr. and Mrs. C. Stern, Mr.
and Mrs. Rudolph Gross, Mr. John W.
Ferris, Miss Mary C. Ferris, Miss Hen-"
riette Ferriss, Dr. G. del Amo (Consul of
Spain); Mrs. G. del Amo, Juan F. de Ca
leja. Miss A. Troconiz, Dr. Richard Fried
lander, Mr. Benjamin Newman, Mr. F. C.
G. Menzies. Mr. Lawrence McCreery and
valet, Count II. de Wachtmeister, Com
tesse Sigrid de Wachtmeister, Mr. H. C.
Price, Mr. Herman Wolff, Capt A. Maut
ner, Mr. 0. W. T. Bertelsen, Mrs. M. Far
ber.Mr. Victor Husted, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Belchle, Mr. G.O. Weise, Mr. H. Detjens,.
Mr. J. Ramke, Mr. M. Balich. Miss Louise
Milhofer, Mr* Henry Piper, Mr. James C.
Anderson, Mr. John Breburger. .
On the Hamburg-American line steam
ship Pheonicia from New York April 20:
Mrs. W. E. TUcker, Mr. Arthur Heyden
aber, Mrs. G. Haydenaber, Mr. Louis
Schaefer, Mr. James Miller, Mr. William
Winnefleld.
Club Parties. -"
On Friday of last week the ladies of the
Informal Lunch Club were entertained at
a pink luncheon by Mrs. O. B. Caldwell
at her residence, 5S02 Adeline street. Oak
land. The table was a picture of exquisite
daintiness with its decorations of delicate
pink begonia .blossoms and maidenhair
ferns, together with pink baby ribbon
tastefully arranged. Pretty pink and
white serviette holders completed the ef
fect. The humorous April menus were in
pale pink, and created a great deal of
merriment. After luncheon the subject of
"Roses" was discussed. During the after
noon several musical numbers were rend
ered. The newly adopted club pins were
worn for the first time. , Mrs. Lancaster
extended an invitation to the members of
the club for a clay's drive and outing to
Redwood Canyon, which event will take
place next week. Those present at the
luncheon were: Mrs. C. J. Lancaster,
Mrs. G. Moulin. Mrs. J. Ellison, Mrs. M.
Case, Mrs. E. Crowell, Mrs. O. B. Cald
well. Mrs. T. Jenne, Mrs. E. Favor, Miss
H. Hill, Mrs. G. Uhl, Mrs. R. Hichens and
Mrs. J. Huber.
The Delta Sigma Sorority entertained its
members on Saturday, April 20, by giving
a luncheon at a town restaurant, followed
by a theater party in the afternoon. This
was the first of a series of entertainments.
Among those present were: The Misses
Adele Morgentsern, Lydia Reinstein,
Blanche Mohr, Eva Friedman, Carrie
O'Neil, Tessie Reichenbach and Minnie
Lindner. ; The young Misses were chape
roned by Mrs. Dixon. '
In the Future.
The First Friday Cotillon will close its
third season with an assembly and ger
man in Golden Gate Hall Friday evening,
May 3.
Mr. and Mrs. Simon Hoffman of this
city will be pleased to see their friends on
Wednesday, May 1, at the residence of
their son, Ed. Hoffman, 1013 Filbert street,
Market street station. Oakland, on the
occasion of their golden wedding, 3 to 6
and 8 to 11 p. m.
Mr. H. Franc Fleischman has returned
home from a seven months' trip abroad
and In the East and will be glad to receive
his friends at his residence, 1005 Buchanan
street this Sunday, 2Sth Instant.
The Deutscher club will receive its
friends at Golden Gate Hall Thursday
evening, May 16.
The Pacific Coast Association Native
Sons of Vermont will be entertained by
the California Minstrel Club at Odd Fel
lows' Hall Friday evening, May 3.
Mrs. S. Zacharias, Mrs. M. Zacharias and
Mrs. Paul Trommlitz.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
to Miss Ida Miller at her residence. 317
Tenth street, last Tuesday evening. Those
present were: Kittle Brown, Ray W.
Downs. M. Sprung, A. Fernandes, Maud
Litzius, Charles Foster, Esther Hoover,
Herman Meyer. Lizzie Dunnagan, Walter
G. Matheson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bro
derson. Alma Gerhow, Chris Broderson,
Alice Smith, Harry Sprung Jr., Lula
May Brown, George Ahlborn, Pearl Mil
ler, "Walter Bollin, Ruby Sprung, Arthur
Golly, Claudia Miller, Jess Traxler, Lizzie
Larsen, Torn Norris, Justin Shaylor,
Grace Curry, Will A. Litzins and Tom
Ponnington. .
The home of Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Fair
child, 2226 Geary street, was the scene of a
delightful juvenile party on the afternoon
of April 12, the occasion being the elev
enth birthday of Irene Layng, Mrs. Fair
child's niece. Those present were: Emma
Rush, Claudia Massey, Alice KIngsland,
Grace Fauble, Irona Baxter, Vera Des
sau, Irene Layng, Willie Johnston, Ches
ley Woodfleld. Hollis Fairchild, Clifford
Welcome. Albert Woodfleld. Walter
WoodHeld and Willie Wbodfleld.
IN THE SOCIETY CIRCLES
F. Marriott, W. J.'Matson. Mr. and Mrs.
A. R. Fredericks, Mrs. J. O. Rountree,
Master Harold H. Rountree, Mr. and Mrs.
C. Hadenfeidt. Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Okes,
T. H. Curley and wife. Mrs. E. J.
Thomas, Mr. Palmiea. From Berkeley-
Miss Anna McGovern. From Oakland-
George .W. Jones, R. H. Davis, Mr. and
Mrs. John G. Hoyt, W. H. Abbag. From
Santa Rosa— George C. Codding, W. L.
Williams B. M. Nye. From Petaluma—
Mrs. H. ' T. Fairbanks, Miss Zoe Fair
banks. W. S. Bell. From Healdsburp—
George C. Mason, George W. Hayes, Mr.
and Mrs. Ben H. Barnes, Dr. C. R. Be --
ford, Miss Lulu Mulgrew, E. W. Skaggs.
From UWah-Mr. and Mrs. W. F.
Thomas, Miss M. Thomas. From Clover
dale—Mrs. J. A. Kleiser, Miss E. Marshall.
From Butte, Mont.— Miss Theresa Kelley.
From Stockholm, Sweden— G. A. Phillips.
From London, England-L. Maun. From
Tahiti Islands— D. Atwater. From New
York City— Samuel E. Lyon, Peter Os
borne. From Redding— J. G. Stewart.
From Vallejo-^J. H. Topley.*
SUMMER HOME FARM— The follow
ing guests registered lately at Summer
Home Farm. Glenwood, Santa Cruz
Mountains: From San Francisco — L. de
Sallin, J. Harris, W. H. Cameron, Mrs.
F. Trowbridge, James Hansen. From
New York-J. S. Triest, Mrs. J. S. Triest.
From Santa Cruz— Mrs. C. P. Woolworth.
Mrs. E. Ordway, W. B. Hugus, Mrs. W.
B. Hugus, W. B. Hugus Jr. From Oak
land—Mrs. W. J. Wilson. The following
parties have engaged accommodations for
the season at Summer Home Farm lately:
Mrs. G. Alexander, Mrs. D. Hoffman and
family, Mrs. H. Kelner and daughter, all
of San Francisco.
the following: Miss Dorothy Blum, Miss
Stella Blanchefield. Miss Vev« Anderson,
Miss Eva Solmonson, Miss Lottie Golden.
Miss Nellie Richards, Miss Mabel de Roos.
M*ss Valentine Goody r Miss Edna Wack
ethuth, Miss Irene Anderson. Miss Flor
ence Stevens, Miss Mayte Lammon. Miss
Corbett, Victor Mendelson. George Goody,
James Egan, Hardy Lewis. John Foiey,
Jo« Lipman, Lionel Nathan, Howard
Bush, Julian Solmonson, William Rampe,
Eugene Hall, Al Mendelson.
One of the pleasantest whist parties of
tho- season was that given by Mrs. W. B.
V/cbBter of Lyon street last Saturday af
tctnoon. The prizes were won by Mrs,
Hfippesberger, Mrs. Lubben, Mrs. Dow
and Mrs. Meyers. Those present were:
Mr3.'W. B. Webster, Mrs. Henry Trevor,
Mrs. John T. Dare, Mrs. Dr. Strickland,
Mrs. W. L. Marion, Mrs. F. Romain, Mrs.
E. Happesberger, Mrs. George Haas, Mrs.
Dr. A. Woodward, Mrs. William Andrew,
Mrs. Charles Deane, Mrs. Dr. A. McFad
yen, Mrs. Henry Meyers, Mrs. J. E. Field,
Mrs. Charles C. Kinsey, Mrs. Byron Dig-
Rirs. Mrs. Walter T. Read. Mrs. William
Srhaeffc-r. Mrs. A. Lighthipe, Airs. John
Lubben. Mrs. Rudolph Mohr, Mrs. Ed
ward G. Zeile, Mrs. A. Brown, Mrs. John
Porcher, Mrs. Edwin Goeller, Mrs. Dr.
Dcu, Mrs. Captain George Korts, Mrs.
Nickels. Mrs. Deering, Mrs. William Rud
dick, Mrs. Alex Forsythe. Mrs. Edwin
Fcrster, Mrs. J. Jones, Mrs. M. McKin
ney and Miss E. Andrew.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given Mr. and Mrs. John Wlckman at 2704
Pine street Saturday evening April 20.
Dancing and games were continued until
midnight, when an elaborate repast was
served. Those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
John Wlckman. Mrs. S. Hoffman, Al Blass,
Lee Blass, Master Milton Hoffman, Mr.
and Mrs. Kidd, Mr. Bell, Misses Rose and
Lily Trainor, the Misses Seipel, Mrs.
Noyes, Mr. Perkins, Mr. Girand, Mr.
Hobbs, Miss Philips, Mrs. H. 9chroeder.
Mrs. H. Garden, Oscar Garden, Mr. Bos
seft and Mr. Haley.
A pleasant birthday party was given to
Miss Lennie Fest at her parents' resi
dence, 1616 Turk street. Wednesday after
noon, April 24. The feature of the after
noon was a shell-polishing bee, which
caused a great deal of amusement to the
guests. After the busy bees had been
photographed they repaired to the dining
room, where refreshments were served.
The guests were: Miss Lennie Fest, Miss
Lillie Dunbar. Mrs. E. W. Giesey, Mrs.
William Griffin, Miss Amy Griffin. Mrs.
Harris. Miss Lena Harris, Mrs. McLean,
Miss May McLean, Mrs. W. Smith. Mrs.
R. Schroeder, Miss S. Schroeder. Miss C.
Schroeder. Mrs. William Varcoe, Miss
Alta Webb. Mrs. O. L. Fest, Miss battle
L. Fest.
The eighteenth birthday of Florence
Trommlitz was celebrated by a progress
ive hearts party, at the residence of her
parents, 2029 Enclnal avenue, Alameda, on
Wednesday evening. April 17. Dainty
prizes were distributed to the successful
contestants. An Impromptu programme
consisting of songs, recitations and in-
Btrumental music followed the card
game, during which a collation was
served at tete-a-tete tables, after which
dancing was indulged In until early morn.
Miss Trommlitz was the recipient of many
elegant and costly presents. Those pres
ent were: Miss L. Lang. Gertrude Trea
nor, Olive Simon, Rita Harris, Hilda
Chamberlln, Martha Silverstein, Helen
Lang, Hilda Kozminsky, Cecelia Green,
Jessie Zacharias, Emilie Ryst. Irene
Zacharias, Marion Lang. Florence Mitch
ell, Alice Jost, Muriel Shepard, R. Lang,
Louise Trommlitz. Otto Kaehler. Harry
Hansen, Maurice Green, William Shepard,
Ed Whipple. Alfred Zadlg. Sydney Mitch
ell. Gus Comfort. Julian Kozminsky, Otto
Ryst Jr., Leo Harris, Sanford Hyams,
Ben Silverstein, A- George Dondero, Mel
vin Trommlitz, Mr. and Mrs. S. Hyams,
given by Arthur Gerrey at his residence.
C24 Taylor 6treet, on th« eve of April 20.
Those present w«c: Miss Millie Miller,
A-thur Gerrey. Miss Mary Miller, Walter
].;. Clark. Miss Mattle Lee Perry. E. E.
Beard, MiE» Erelyn Greenlln, Charles
Johnson, Miss Oara Greenlin, Paul P.
Bernhardt, Mls« Bell« Alves, He-nry Ep
pestacker. Ml»o Kellle JIardlng. A- Eppes
backer, Mrs. E. Price and daughter. D.
Ebner, Mr. and Mr«. Higgins, Mr. and
Mrs. Elliott. M. Ebner.
A very enjoyable party was given as a
surprise to ChrU Hauser by his wife last
Tuesday evening at their residence. 623B
Minna street. The gnesta Present
were; Mr. tnd Mrs. O. ZoeJlner, Mr. and
Mrs. Gross. Mr. and Mrs.- Stretzincer.
MIbs Hauser, Miss K. Munk, Mrs. J. Sll
verman, Miss Stretzinger, L. Plag-emann,
W. J. Plagcmann, H. Nicolla, I* Locpler
ai d Walter Kusch. '^wlnl-1%.
The residence of Mrs. J. McCarthy at
KU Jessie street was the scene of a very
fileasant gathering on Wednesday even
nc April 24. given in honor of Mr. and
Mm. John 11. Thompson (nee Ford) of
Watsonvllle, who have returned from
thtir wedding trip In the south, and are
Boon to leave for home.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
tendered to Victor H. Mendelson at his
residence, 823 Fulton street, on Friday
evening, April 19. The evening was en-
Jojnbly epent by playing games and other
amusements. Among those present were
The wedding of Miss Clara Seller,
daughter of Pa.ul and Hulda Seller, and
August H. Pipe took place at tho home
of the bride'* mother on Clinton Park
Saturday evening. April 20. The ceremony
wr3 -performed at 8:SQ o'clock by the Rev.
Julius Fuendeliag of St. Mark's Lutheran
C Miss h 'Marf« 61a.d*y of Mountain View
wa« the maid of honor and Charles Dalss
acted as th« best man. The ceremony was
followed by a wedding supper, after which
Mr. and itrs. Pape left on their wedding
journey. They will be at Del Monte for
about two weeks, and on their return will
reside at 2121 Leavenworth street.
I Home Gatherings.
A TOoat enjoyable birthday party was
Wedding Bells.
The engagrement reception of Miss Rose
Levy and Samuel T. Bush will be held
this Sunday at 1005 Adeline street, Oak
land.
The engagement of Miss M. Orace Miller
of Santa Hosa and J. Arthur Ho well was
ennounced at a dinner party April 22 : cele
brating the eighty-first birthday of Mr.
liowell's grandfather. Rev. Joseph Row
ell, of San Francisco. The wedding will
take place la the near future.
They're Zngagred.
__^O»RN EST SETON-THOMPSON
TTTl >^ waa th * cuest -of- honor at a
MlfC^ lcu if* ven yesterday afternoon
\l\/^ i by his eistcr, Mrs. Frank H.
Jt^y—j Powers, at her home, 2031 Val
r*~**~^ j e j 0 street. The hours of the
reception were from 4 till 6,
fiurlng: which time several hundred ladies
paid their respects to the talented lady
mid hrr hestosa.
AsKfting Mrs. Powers to receive her
puests « ere Mrs. Howard Smith of Clare
rnt'tit, Miss Erwlr.a Smith, Miss Agnes
Puff of Berkeley; Miss Mabel Hall, of
O.iklund: Mrs. Will Clement. Miss Helen
iiicliardson. Miss Maren Froellch. Mrs.
Iklv.ard Sweascy and Mrs. Ewald • Grun-
Eky. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, APRIL '28^ 1901.
26
b h^7\i^. Now Located at
tl m fcl /lAw^i GEARY ST., |
Iw«V»\»J 'ly^c^«/ Between Kearny Street and
Grant Avenue,
aNI u/TINGGO. ground floor.
SEASON I9OI.
BATHING SUITS 9
m MADE TO 0RD5R. ifWw^k
¦ "WOMEIT'S Knitted Union Suits, alpaca trimmed. T^&^o^rT
from 91Oto$12 / ) I
Jersey Suits— Alpaca tiimmed, from..-?3 to ?7.5O uffi^J /
\ Alpaca Suits— In beautiful colors, handsomely trim- *$z\\ , J A
med. from !?::.5O to r^^/X ,
GIULS' Knitte d and Alpaca Suits, from Ks^JSiA
91.23 to 93.00
I MEN'S SUITS — New stvles and fast colors, from WJ-l$'/+d&
." 75c to ?9.OO S^C^S^
BOYS' Swimming and Bathing Suits— Plain and fancv ii\»i\
\ combinations, from.... ..1.50c to 93.06 5;<J »|
Bathinj* Shoes, Stockings. Hats, Caps and Handkerchief** *J \
-'/ in large variety. • 1*1 f*
¦ CATALOGUES MAILED FREE. J& fc\
' We make Riding, Outing and Camping Leggins. <£>^ «x \
I The Society Column
H Doesn't Tell It All
\ dSt I ** ra y or * a( * e< * a^ comc lo ° soon »
| or a wrinkled, sallow skin, tell o! heart-
!| ""i^VSr^* 1 aches and pleasures marred.
|! MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
4-Day Hair Restorer SSL
'<'¦¦" the rich, healthy color of your youthful hair, cures its ills in four
: d«yt. Not a dye Nothing disagreeable about it. $i a bottle,
; at all druggists. One application FREE at my parlors to all
! • purchasers.
\ I ft. A MftNTF7 f RFMF that ndcrful skin {ood
I LUL/\ MUM I LZ. and tissue buiId er. makes
£ the beauty that it "Skin Deep" possible to all those with
£« wrinkled, wllow skins. A dainty preparation that banishes all
$; blemishes, insures the complexion that every woman lonsrs for.
!> Ladies visitinsr my parlors next week will be given an applica-
\ tion of the CREME FREE, to prove its wonderful merits.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR. ALL rff a »* °< *• c — »^ »
J UUIL.IIII.UUUU linill traces r«lCt LtdUi lending thli »d »nd 10 eenti
I remo\ eo, leavinc: tne sian clear j^x of mj r»e» Powder trek.
< and beautiful — the only sure and *
* safe way— THE ELECTSIO NEKDLE— at my Parlors.
j MRS .NETTIE HARRISON, S£S
Dr. & Mrs. TRAVERSE,
DERMATOLOGISTS.
Permanently remove superfluous hair and other
facial blemishes with the electric needle witJr^
out pain or «car. Wrinkles removed with th«~
electric roller. Skin diseases cured. Free de-
monstration of ability to make hair trow on
bald heads. Hours 1 to 4 p. m. Evening* by
appointment. Donohoe bids-, 1170 Market St..
cor. Taylor, rooms 28-29. S. F. Brahman Toilet
Cream SOc; Brahman Tooth Powder. Me. AH
drugtfsts. Large stock always at J. S. Pott**
Drus Co.
ADVEETISEMENTa
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
/^^^^^^ MRS. E. F. CUSTER, Brule, Wis., writes: ;
"Dear Mrs. Fixkhah:— Your Vegetable Compound has *^
x»P! >ecn of much benefit to me - When my menses first appeared they '
m r~ W^m&m * Wm Were very irrc = u^ ar - The 7 occurred too often and did not leave for t;
m,& a week or more - I -always suffered at these times with terrible r|
||a J^S^^^^^^m^ <i£x&i pains in my back and abdomen Would be in bed for several days -j
f/lV and would not be exactl 7 rational at times. I took Lydia E. Pink- 'j
;^^^^ •~'?|iii§Sr^ 1* ham's Vegetable Compound, and menses Wcame reguljir and paiiu g
57 * 7%e monthly stsknoss reflects tho con- f,
I InFfffivnS — A^t8llllli» cation of a woman's health. Any woman fe
I \ \]Jr W$MJm&!!^ whose menstruation Is unnatural may look for j '
I I lr^%T i i|ll serious trouble to devslep st any tlmG. |
t\^^ I * ' M{ *^* ANNA LACY, Ross, Iowa, writes : $
|S ml "Dear Mrs. Piskham:-! was troubled with female weak- P
I^^^^^P^ 18 \\ff I Us ne&i| rre i= u^ ar and paiuful menstruation. I suffered so every
' 1^^tWv\ \\ \k !| P* I monlh that'I was obliged to go U bed, but thanks to your medicine £
I V \ v^v XM^^-^SI ana now well. I would advise fell women who suffer as I did to |?
V k p« use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound." |
t^^^^^^^^^^^^ »%, /fil MISS MARY DAMROTH. 2167 Washington Avc, Tremont,
New York Cit y* writes : J
||p^|||P "Dz>ji Mrs. Pinkham :— When I wrote to you I suffered
fwV/ untold paiu in the lower part of abdomen, liad headache, backache, *
;^^^;Jr^^ f S^^^^ an<^ m y P erl0<^ s very painful. I have taken four bottles of |j
IP^lifli Lydia E. Pinkhara's Vegetable Compound and have no pain at all. a-
p»iMitfr^r i I am a -working girl and recommend your medicine to all women.'* s
PL 4^^ <ir \ /i^^^ Mrs. Pinkham's advice Is Invaluable help |
H \ lliSiflill *° a^ women who suffer. It Is absolutely J
fir W l\^^ rS^^M ree * Her address is Lynn, Mass*
fife 1 Wi MRS - EDNA ELLI5, Hisginspx)rt, Ohio, writes : j*
"lam a school teacher, have suffered agony monthly for •
i^\\^^^M ten years. My nervous system was a wreck. I suffered with pain %
\ Z^^ n mv s^ e an(^ a<^ a l mos ' every ill known. I had taken treat-
J$r^ yH^lI ment from a number of physicians who gave me no relief. One 1'
«^^ Wy specialist said no medicine could help me, I must submit to an
fli' '.. r^^ol oce r 3*ioi?. I wrote to Mrs. Pinkbam, stating my case, and received K
\Wv >rbv V a prompt reply. I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
j rw*^Pk_fl3£v\li« f^w ant^ followed the advice given me and now I suffer no more. If j
j >wl J^^«-fT>v \ any one caves to know more about my case, I will cheerfully an- £
I Lyeim E.' Guires '-$ F A fl H &S3 I
| Pinkham's &83 z\ imHl II7I7IIITT,SS3£ 1
i; D gm j m m rma B BJ. 4^ cV ¦¦ \>JL letters we are con.tuntly publishing, wo .?
% vJr/S3iG*g&S>'W*Sl[hlEtZ> £#¦/£& £MK\2& if £& Vor hivs deposited with the National City *
i ' . •* J " j,, paid to an/ person who will show that the above testimonials are n<*C
> . ft^ <-» maim ¦nri ntrm-m trff BBff** genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special permission.—* j
\}i &&$Mgg3$$j8MBSi% UBa&m Lvdia E. Pinkham Mcoicine Co., Lynu, Mass. V
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
AT
REDUCED PRICES.
OcuIiFts* prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repalrlr.«. Phone. Main 10.
UHIIUAIO PhqtOG^ SatNTiriC
642 Market 5t. instruments
u*rin cMRcxtui sun.oiN&. Catalogue Frci.
<#P|n. Every Woman
-W^-oV'VOa Is interested *ndshoold know
V'M'iS > Vs JLJ WA about U>e wonderful
-li'feKm'ra MABVEL Whirling Spray
Vv-^VW^lVi TbenewTi^a»l8rri^«. y««y
¦' v *5gC&» CL^sliL. tion and Suction. Best— .Saf-
" —^ est— Most ConTenient.
'H^-^g^g^^^qy//;^,**^ It Ucuhi luluU;,
Ui y»er int&nt t»r It \v ifflL , , ,
If h*<v>rnot6ttpp1yUi9 VliWy ''*H/}M%5
MARVEL, acceptno '¦*•> -*S: r-
oilier, lmt M-rid stamv for IT- >>,. f^WZKs
ltutrated book— «»«l»4.1t (rives \\ # '¦#?> r
Xnll p*rti«il»ni and rtirwtfonn In- OtV / /M
T«lnahl«Mo Indies. JHARVKLCO., '•H 'iphi/n.W
C03 Mission et.. Eaa rranclsco. «><S^
| ROYAL
Worcester Corsets.
French
«f>«~v? Straight-
fe9£V » Front
yL cossets
F" 11 B ' as Gored
/ Jf&rfr? y< Sapplilro and
/ y^«& i J/- 1 Bon Ton
C^;:^^^/ sTto SI5 apalr
xJ^PV&Jinbs Corset- Fitting
Ibi Ele&ant assort-
*«l\ j ment travelers'
mjl If samples at half.
¦ oil J II prica.
{ CHESTER F. WRIGHT,
6 GEARY ST., cor. Kenrny.
!| \f J Medicated f\V S
! 1/ COMPLEXION POWDER
KM f be the bells if lbs b»d a bnd x I
Kl^J^fc «kin food) cotaim no poison- /( f
I*^XJ3 out iBb«tanfe» »• bo msny L/lF-
B^jijt cheap imitations da. Box 50c. /JUS'
Choicest Farm (Melted) i
Butteris not equal to 1
Because Wesson Cooking: Oil is richer. H
has better cooklnsr qualities. Is more 19
conveniently handled and costs much M
less. - • H
: Wesson Oil is more easily digested B
than melted butter and enables a dys- Eg
peptic to eat foods fried in ; It with K
I preatest "after comfort." Rj
OF COURSE. YOU KNOW THAT ¦
WESSON OIL IS VASTLY SUPB- H
RIOR TO ANY ANIMAL FAT, H
For the same reasons that it Is supe- W
rlor to butter, and because lard may • H
carry with It the disease taJnt< with jj
which the swine may be affected. • H
April 10. 1901. M
WESSON PROCKSS CO.: H
Gentlemen — I find that Wesson Odor- Q
less Cooklne Oil Is the best fat to use W
In frying and shortening:. It does not {a
give off a disagreeable odor or smoke, ra
Food fried in it is crl3r>, brown anJ H
appetizing- Belne purely vegetable. It Kg
does not carry with It any possibility H
of disease as mtrht be the case with |j
animal fats. Wesson Cooking Oil is H
more easily handled than lard and goes |
much tuither. As it is tasteless it H
permits the food to retain its natural M
flavor. I heartily recommend .Wesson t
(SIg-ned) CHARLEY LIM YING. if
Chef Hotel Metropole, Avalon, Santa t
Catallaa Island. • |9
Sold by leading: grocers. Send 4 cents I
In stamps, mention this paper and re- . H
celve our new cook book. Be careful Cj
to write your address plainly. • H
;¦¦--¦.:¦ WESSON PROCESS- CO., H
:^ 120 South Third St., Philadelphia. Ktldpating an enjoyable time at Us picnic
to be given in Fernbrook Park on the 14th
of July.
Knights of Pythias.
The next session of tho Grand Lodge of
California, K. of P., will be held in the
City of Stockton., commencing Monday,
May 20. The grand Tempi* of the Rath
bone Sisters, the auxiliary of the Knights,
will be held at the some place at that
time. It is expected that several com
panies of the Uniform Rank will also be
there. The supreme chancellor of the or
der, who is also commander in chief, the
major general and the adjutant general
of the Uniform Rank, will visit California
in time to attend the session of the Grand
Lodge and take notes for the Supreme
Lodge session in 1902. The three lodges
of Stockton are busy arranging for tho
entertainment of tho grand officers and
delegates to the Grand Lodge, the work
being Intrusted to George W. Gorman,
A. A. Smallfield and F. B. Hubbard of
Charter Oak Lodge; H. R. Campbell, C.
H. Starkey and H. S. Brown of Centen
nial Lodge, and Irving Martin, E. S. Van
Pelt and A. G. Keagle of Nemo Lodge.
About seventy-five of tho past chancel
lors met last week in the Pythian Castle
for the purpose of organizing a past chan
cellors' association. The move is in the
interest of Pythlanism in this city. Will
J. Beatty wns chosen temporary presi
dent and C. S. Hoffman temporary secre
tary. The following named were appoint
ed a committe to formulate a plan of or
ganization: A. E. Lucas, N. Rose, J. 11.
Wear. Dr. H. R. Arndt. J. H. Danton. G.
Marlonl, E. Duden, A. Richmond and Will
J. Beatty.
Golden City Lodge gave a smoker last
Friday night Sn its lodgeroom, at which
many knights and friends had a jolly
time, as there was in addition to hot
smoke an entertaining programme.
The company of the Uniform Rank that
has been organized at Lincoln will be
mustered in by General McGlashan ' to
morrow night.
The grand officers have been Invited to
attend an entertainment to be given on
the 1st of June by River View Lodge of
Rio Vista. AH the lodges of Solano
County will attend.
Zerln Kappl Temple of the D. of K. K.
of this city will hold a ceremonial session
on the 4th of May.
The transportation committee Is making
arrangements for reduced rates to Stock
ton during the Grand Lodge session.
THE FRATERNITIES
elation during an open meeting to be held
for that purpose.
The Elks.
Last week District Deputy C. L. Hag
gles, past exalted ruler of Stockton Lodge,
Installed the officers of Vallejo Lodge In
a manner that demonstrated that, as tha
street gamin says, "he is onto his job."
The new officers are: F. R. Devlin, E. R.;
O. E. Bengle, E. L. K.; Wi C. O'Donnell.
E. Lee. K.: M. H. Peck, L. K.: Dr. J. J.
Armstrong, Esq.: Paul Paul. T.; J. R.
"Whlttaker, S.; Joseph Feaster, Ty., and
C. 13. Turner. M. D., Phy. There were
many visitors present, who, after the cer
emony, were guests at a banquet, where
mirth, music a«.d u Jolly good time pre
vailed.
Exalted Ruler Dunne of San Francisco
Lodge has appointed the following com
mittees for the Elk year: L. C. Quon,
W. K. Stanford and W. E. Holcomb on
tlnance: J. N. Odell, P. K. Beck, C. W.
Kevin, Thomas P. Smith, C. H. Robinson,
C. C. Westover, G. W. Bauer, T. R.
Turner and D. S. Jacobs, on ways and
means, and John Morrlsey. Mark Thall,
W. H. Leahy. A. Waltersteln, J. J. Gott
lob, II. H. O. Campbell. L. N. Jacobs,
Robert Lloyd, C. S. Wheeler, L. W. Har
ris and C. B. Sloan, on entertainment.
At tho last held meeting ten strangers
were Initiated, and twenty applications
presented. Tho membership on the first
of April was 375. Past Exalted Ruler
Bonnet has been presented on honorary
life membership ceitlfieate. Krank Stmo
has returned from his tour of Europe and
has many good things to tell. Grand Es
teemed Loading Knight J. O. Rels will be
accompanied on his trip to tho Grand
lvodpe session In Milwaukee by about
forty California Elks. Esteemed Loyal
Knlrcht Carrlgan left for tho East last
week on a business and pleasure trip.
Tho new olllcers of the lodge are develop
ing a remarkable proficiency in the work.
The lodge home committee will report on
a new site at tho last meeting In May.
The new home will be fitted up at a coat
of $15,000.
The National Union.
Golden Gate Council of the National
Union held an interesting meeting last
Tuesday night. The recent visit of Sen
ate Secretary Myers to the city appears to
have awakened u new Interest In the
order, which was shown by tho Increased
attendance and the presentation of ten
applications for admission. The committee
on new hall reported that it Is probable
that it will be ready for occupany in June,
and when this council moves into it there
will be a ladies' night to celebrate the
event. Tho enthusiasm of the members
present was awakened by the addresses of
Deputy J. N. Bunting, Treasurer Baker
and Past President W. W. Healey. Speak
er W. C. Cross announced that at the next
session he will have an Interesting pro
gramme for the entertainment of the
members.
Knights of the Maccabees.
San Francisco Tent has acted upon the
declaration of Sir Knight Stock that the
initials K. O. T. M. on the tent's banner
means "Keep on the move," and it pro
poses to keep things moving for the
next few months. Sir Knight W. B.
Greenberg has been appointed solicitor for
tho tent, and if he keeps up his record
as a working member of the organization
he will make an excellent showing.
The first Maccabee picnic of the season
will be held on Mayday in Fernbrook
Park, NUes Canyon. All the local tents
and those of Oakland, Alameda and San
Jose will meet at the park and a most
enjoyable time is expected. Members or
their friends can procure tickets from
any of the officers of tho tent in which
they hold membership.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
At tho last held meeting of Frafernal
Hive. Lady Ida J. Lerol, the record
keeper, was congratulated upon being
elected alternate supremo represonta
tlva to the National Review. This hive
is taking In new members nt every re
view, and it ia proposed to give another
social in a uhort time.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Deputy Grnnrt Master Barnes is prepar
ing his list of Oeputles and will soon an
nounce them.
Tha work of reorganizing the San Fran
cIbco extension committee will be tnltcn
up shortly. Kxtenslon committees will be
established In different parts of the Bute.
Hftywnrds L.oi1k« has arranged for a re
ception to Dr. HrownlnR, one of Its mem
bers, because of hts oltviliui to tho ofllce of
grand overseer.
Grnntl Hccorder Spencer nnd tho grand
foromun will vli.lt a number of the. lodges
In tho northern nnrt of tho SUUe during
the nrst half jf May.
Considerable. Interest Is being taken In
the A. O. U. W. nlcnlc thnt. Is to bo held
In Fernbrook Purk on tho 2M of Mny. A
number of active committees havn boen
nnmed and they are attending to the de
tulla of nrrnnxementa.
Silver Spray Lodge will have nn open
meeting and ontcrtntnment In Kxcelsor
Hall on tha iiIrIH of the 30th inst.
There Ih to bo a picnic of the lodges of
Fresno nnd vicinity on the 30th Inst. Past
Grand Master Workman .Barnes will de
liver an orntlon.
Valley Lodgo will celebrate its twenty
third nnnlvorsnry on tho 10th of May.
Grand Master Workman Dr. Morrison
of Los Angeles was In this city last Mon
day. He reports thnt the Los Angeles
extension committee has been organised
and will soon commence an active cam
paign In tho southern end of the State.
KeportH from different parts of the
State show unusual activity at this time.
Many lodges thnt had been idle for a
long time havo been Initiating candidates,
Improved Order of Red Men.
At ft recent meeting of Ramona Council
of the Degree of Foonhontas, Improved
Order of Red Men, the ceremony of adop
tion was performed In a most admirable
manner by the degree team of Yoaemlte
Counell of Alamerta In the presence of
nhmit M members of the order in Twin
Penks Hall, After the werk there wns ft
bouquet, nt which there were present
Great raeahmues Mr§. Jennie weisei,
dreftt Wenona»i Mrs, Hew, Great First
Beout Mrs. Hetts, Henlor gngamorf. James
lleyes and Great Keeper ef lte«?erds Ullss.
During the evening Captain Cele ©f Ye
semlte Counell read ft poem expreiilva of
the great fraternal friendship existing be
tween the members of Yesemlte and Ra
monft eeuneilB. Hamona Is fast beeemlng
one of the most popular councils of the
reservation. 4 ;-
The several leeal tribes are reporting
considerable activity in the work of the
LaVt Tuesday night Great Poeahontas
Mrs. Jennie Welsei paid an official visit
to Pocahontas Council and she was well
received. After the business of the even
ing and the exemplification of degree
work there was a collation in honor of the
visiting official and those who accom
panied her.
Seminole Tribe conferred the haymak
er's degree last week In excellent form on
a number of candidates, after which there
was an evening of music and song. •
Modoc Tribe had a pleasing entertain
ment, literary and musical, last week that
was attended by many of, tha friends of
the members.
Yosemite Tribe has arranged for a mu
sical festival on the night of the 30th inst.
A new tribe has been organized in Santa
Clara.
Pocahontas Tribe gave an entertainment
last night in Odd Fellows' Hall in aid of
one of its members, who was so seriously
Injured a short time since as to incapaci
tate him from work.
The great sachem will visit Manzanlta
Tribe on the 1st of May.
Woodmen of the World.
A- J. Weinert. formerly banker of
Golden Gate Camp, has been appointed
special organizer for the order by Head
Consul Falkenberg. He>is now at work
getting up a camp at North Beach and
being an energetic worker it is probable
that it will not belong before he has
secured enough strangers to have the
camp instituted. ; . iT .VH
It is believed that nearly every one of
the three hundred a'nd twenty-five ap
plicants who presented a petition in
Golden Gate Camp on the night of the
celebration of the tenth anniversary of
the institution of that organization will
pass a successful examination before the
medical examiners, as they are all young
men.
California Camp, which has adopted as
its cry "California. California. California,
watch us grow," is growing. At the meet
ing last Monday . nignt several more
strangers were admitted and at the rate
at which it is growing it will soon reach
the 150 mark. • ' .
The Choppers*. Friendship Club Is an-
Sons of St. George.
Pickwick nnd Hurnaby Lodge of the
Sons and Britannia Lodge of the Daugh
ters of St. George celebrated St. George's
day on the' night of the 23d Inat. at a ban
quet in thevBay State, There was an at
tendance of about 140 ladles and gentle
men, who. formed one of the moat pleas
ant assemblage* that has came together
In many a month. H, J, Ford of Pickwick
presided , at. th* banquet, and during the
Nupper polectlCina wore played by Mien
MlunrhK HuflPh'd nnd Messrs, Jeffrey and
Kuhs, The chair proposed an tnnnts. "The
King," "The President nf the United
States, William MeKlnley," "fit. George
tho Patron" Hnint," "8on» and Dannhters
«f Ht. George'. 1 - pihI "The Old Hame." The
first two were drunk atandlnpr, and fal
lowing the first those, present anna "(led
Rave the King" ana to the seeonrt, "The,
8tftr-8pft.n8l«!d Banner." The ethers who
responded were William Oreer Ilarrlimn,
president et the DrlttBh-Amerleftn Unten,
who spoke of me order, the patron saint,
and declared that the recent memorial
service In this city had aroused the atten
tion of the people to the strength of the
Drltleh people in this eity and that in
future they would obtain that prestige
which their numerical strength and stand,
ing entitles them to. M. Digby Johnston,
ex-M. P., the grand old man eloquent of
Pickwick, responded in & feeling manner
to "The Old Home" and C. W. Pope, Mr.
Witts and Mrs. Creba Jr. responded to
"The 80ns and Daughters." Musical se
lections were' rendered by Mr. Ewart,
Percy O'Bleln. Horace Henna, Al Bentley
and H. R. Charles and piano selections by
MIbs HueBtcd. At midnight the assembly
sang "Auld Lang Syne, closing a most
pleasant reunion. The committee of ar
rangements, of which H. K. Whyte was
the chairman, succeeded admirably in
making the affair a great success.
The Odd Fellows.
Next Tuesday night Unity Encampment
will celebrate Its thirty-fourth anniver
sary by a banquet in the banquet hall of
the Odd Fellows' building. Golden Rule
Encampment will be In attendance as the
guest of the celebrating camp. Prior to
the banquet "there will be a meeting In
the encampment hall.
Terba Biiena Lodge has appointed a
committee. to. arrange for the proper cele
bration of the forty-eighth anniversary of
its institution.. That event will be on the
6th of July. :
Three Pillar Encampment of Forest Hill,
on the 18th, inst., conferred the patriarch
al degree on a number of candidates, the
first work it has done In many months
in the degree line.
• The Hebekalis.
Oriental Kebekah Lodge has decided to
abandon ' the' proposed Maypole dance
which was "'announced last week and In
place thereof- will hold a floral festival and
have an entertainment and 'dance on the
night of May. 1. ¦.-'¦; ..; '.^v-
A Band of -Mercy, with thirty members,
has been -established among the orphans
in tho Home at Gilroy. • .
"Walhalla Lodge gave a party last night
in its hall in the Odd Fellows' building
that was a decided success as to attend
ance and entertainment. This lodge has
become quite active in the social line late
ly and Is. meeting with a great deal of en
couragement.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will receive a visit
to-morrow night from the Veterans' Asso-
Degree of the Amaranth..
Crescent Court of the Degree of the
Amaranth has arranged for a social even
ing to be given In Its hnll on the night
of the 6th of May. A fine programme of
entertainment has been arranged.
The Eastern Star.
The entertainment that was given on
tho night of the 20th inst. by Beulah
Chapter of the O. E. S. In the very taste
fully decorated hall of the Masonic build
ing In South San Francisco was a most
enjoyable affair, so testified more than
200 people. The programme included vo
cal and instrumental music and recita
tions contributed by Messrn. Worth and
Payson. Mlsnes Tooley, Gllniore, Greenl
ner oi;d Partrldco and 8." Rankin. Then
followed a ball until midnight. The af
fair was under the direction of the fol
lowing named: Charles F. Klspert, Jamea
Bally. William J. B, Warner, Mrs.
Phoebe M. Mangels, Mrs. Kmma Kahl
man, Mr*. Helen Reman, Mrs. Mary J«n«
Todd. Mr*i Fnnnlo Ayer*. worthy ma
tron; John- -Partridge, worthy patron:
Mrs. Kftte Han «»JU«s. Mrs. Krnstlne Hla
be, Mrs. MukkIo McDonald, Mr*. Rone
KiMiort, Mrs. Annie Smale, Mrs. Julia
Williams.
Ivy Chnotcr ut its last held mrrUnir
elected two petitioner* for admission, nf
ter which there whs a modal hour. Mrs.
H. C Whiting was awarded n silver flsh
knife as a prlr.e for havlnpr disposed of
tho greatest number of tickets for the
entertainment recently given.
King Solomon Chapter will give, a *o
clnl on tho night nf thn 30th Inst.
I.i.ot Mondny night IJeulnh Chnpter hnd
initiatory work In tho presence of th«
largest number of members of the order
that ever assembled in neulnh's linll.
Kvery local chnpter wns represented.
Oilvn nrniH'h attended In a body, and
there were also members from Interior
chapters." The work was well done and
deservedly applauded.
. <TTn Past Arches' Association,
r-^J. F. Martlnoni president, paid
(I I a fraternal visit last Tuesday
(I I nlrht to Perseverance Grove.
\V-l-7 There wer« nearly thirty mem
* bers of the association present.
Perseverance, which was Insti
tuted In 18S5, and now has a
membership of more than 200, is the only
local grove that works in the French lan
jruago. Deputy Grand Arch Jules F.
Gorieau presided and after tho routine
business the degree team gave an exem
pllflcatlon of tho work, which was present
ed In a letter-perfect manner. After that
there were addresses by the president.
Grand Secretary Graves, E. McGuiness, P.
N. G. A.: N. Fabbry, C. C. O'Donnell, A.
M. Armstrong and "Billy" Goeta. On be
half of tho grove there were addresses by
the deputy noble grand arch and K. Pon
chon. Deputy Noble Grand Arch Godeau,
who will become tho next noble grand
arch, proposes to Increase the member
ship of that prove by nfty during his
term. The visits of the past arches are
creating a great deal of enthusiasm In
the order.
Grand Secretary Graves and Ii. A.
Wolff. P. N. A.. Instituted a. new grove
with twenty-five charter members at Hol
llstor last week Several candidates were
Initiated and. at tho next meeting the
prand se<reinry will niako a. visit to Hol
lister I^odge to confer the degrees on
others.
Magnolia Lodjje initiated four at Us last
held meeting. Olive Urovo intiutevl one,
Cypress fcur and Lisbon six. The ! ast
named received live applications. This
Brovc. locntecl ut Inloton. will Rive a grand
reception to thy Sacrnmento groves when
they corns there on an excursion <n tho
iif»r future.
The two croves of Potaluma are pre
paring for a- Joint picnic, to be given in a
short time. '
Galileo Grove nt its last held meetln*
Initiated Hve strangers and received one
application for reinstatement. The worK
of the evening was by the degree team in
the presence of a larcc number of vl?!t
ors from the local proves. Loleta Gruvo
reports a Rood Increase. LJvermore Grove
is moving ahead. It initiated two strang
ers at its last held meeting, received five
applications and promises more., ihe
member who brlnGs in the greatest num
ber of candidates before July 1 will re
ceive a gold badge.
The TJruidesses.
Cypress Circle of Colma will Kive its
first entertainment and ball on May 11 In
Jefferson Hall. At the last held meeting
of the circle eight applications for mem
bership were presented.
Boadlcea Circle Initiated four strangers
at the last held meeting.
Olympla Circle received nine applica
tions at its last held session, which was
an interesting one. The circle will secure
new paranhernalia.
First Grand Bard Mrs. Sorenson of
Modesto was in this city last Tuesday and
visited El Dorado Circle. She reports
Mistletoe Circle, of which she is a mem
ber, in a nourishing condition.
The members of El Dorado will
hold a picnic at Sausallto to-tlay. Last
Thursday night this circle was officially
visited by the Brand arch druidess Mrs.
Thornhill and a number of the grand of
ficers.
Why Don't You Travel by BeaP
Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New Montgomery at., and inform
yourself concerning that company a Im
proved service and low rates to Los An
teles, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Tacoma,
eattle, Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28," 1901.
27
REOPENING MONDAY, MAY «.
1 FIRST TIMI3 HERB- OF
THE GREAT SUCCESS, v
C! A g James A. flerre's
fcjnVj New Play.
HARBOR!
Alan Pale 1*1(1=" 'Sas Hnrbei' u delightful,"
Ghleaiu Tlm^8*HeraM="awftter than 'Ihsre
A«?r«».' " . i
BRAT BAI.B BBOINi THURgBAY.
*)|^* "* &t$ttt CITY M4Ai
MATIKBB TO-DAY— loe, Ue, S3o.
TO»N1QHT (8UNDAY)-Laat Fertojrme.ne«.
A FAIR REBEL
Exciting War Scenes— Realistic Scenery.
DDiniC EVENINGS ...... We, 15c, 85<S, 85c, 50e
tnlCLj MATINEES 10c. 15c, Ko
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) EVENING- Grand
Revival of tha Great Melodrama,
TEN NIGHTS IN A BARROOM.
An Unparalleled Production.
OLYMJPIA
THK.ONX.Y FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY. ...
THE THREE
MALYERN BROTHERS
Past Masters In tho Acrobatic Art.
jeanItte,
And her wonderful performing- Australian birds.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEB EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY. E. '
- ADMISSION FREE.
HOTELr
"VlsltorB to San Frand*eo who msJco
their beadauarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and i conveniences not - to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequal«d
cuisine. American and European plans.
••GRAND HOTELS
ORAND' OPERA MOUSE
MATINEB TO-DAT.
tiAST niout of— "UNMii two n*Aaa,**
OOMMENCINO MONOAT KnTONTNO.
BPKCIAL MATINEB
(DBWKY DAY).
rwauBNCB 8To^TO »n<i jack wniB'rtn,
«ur>i«irt«.t by «ur new murk onmpany. in Ar.hU
tahl CUverlng Qunter*! KTtat play,
MR. BARNES OF
NEW YORK.
rrlr*«-iiv. ise, tae, eeo. a fvir Matt T3<v
Ort.>i r«— r**A «»a( tn erolMatr* teturtfAy
and i*uniiay inAttn««« 3>\
Uraneh Tlek>t Ottlc* Pmpfrlanv *
CHUTES^ and ZOO
BVSRT AlTCnNOON A2TD HVKKiyft
Maud Mclntyre, La Llirta, Falrbank
Brothers, McKay and Laurence,
The Callenders, Mlrlan Alnsworth,
New Moving Pictures.
LEAH HAY, the Giantess.
AMATEDR NIGHT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats— Park U.
RACING I FACING! RACING I
• BFBINO MEETDf O— Opeala* Apra O.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUtf.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thur»-
day, Friday. and Saturday. Rain or thin*.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and S p. m.. connecticjc
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. Last" two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no gtnolc!n?. Buy your
ferrv tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avanua
electric cars at Seventh and . Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole> con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning: — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and Immediately after tho last rao«.
THOMAS H. WILLIAilS JR.. President
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
FT<5f!HFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
O. S. "Wanrell, La Mont Juvenile Co., May-
belle Bowman. Golden West Comedy Trio, Gus
Leonard, Thatcher and Chenoweth and Paxas-
kova Sandolin. .
Reserved aeats. 25c Matin— Sunday.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Alagic St. James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts.
t— We answer th« INTERNAL DRUGGING TO RUIN THE
questions briefly. If 6TOMACH. The St. James treatment la
you cut an artery local, direct and positive. /
fn your arm you do The St. James treatment Is prepared In
not take Internal the form of Crayons, very narrow
medicine to Btop th« smooth, flexible and wholly soluble which
flow of blood. YOU are Inserted Into the water passage at
USE LOCAL AP- night, where they dissolve and deposit th«
PLICATIONS. Sim- medication in its full strenpth upon th*
ilarly wh«n the ure- Prostate Gland, contractiner and str««neth
thral ducts becom« enlnsr the ducts and FOREVER STOP*
weakened and re- PING DRAINS AND EMISSIONS and
laxed It Is ridicu- curing white the patient sleeps.
lous to take Inter-
nal treatment, VarifOPPlfi
•%-hlch must peas Uiroueh the stomach T ai ltUtme.
end urine before it reacnwi the seat of Varlcocele Is an accumulation of slur-
dlEease. The seminal ducts project Into pish blood In the veins of the scrotum
the urethrai canal through the Prostate due solely to Imperfect circulation, and
Oiand. and «r« easily reached by LOCAL has Its orlpln In a diseased and torpid
TREATMENT. Prostate Gland. Operations In this dls-
Dr. Carter's •'Gran-Solvent" soluble ease are only temporary, and no me-
Boutfes will dissolve, digest and forever chanical device yet discovered has cured
remove a slnele case. Gran-Solvent heals the
__ Prostate and restores healthy circulation.
UretllM 1 Strirttirft Varlcocele disappears and the elupfflsh
uiouildt OUll/lUIO accumulation is replaced by pure,
In 15 days, without pain. Injury or Incon- healthy red blood.
venience. The bougies are Inserted at Thousands of men strlctured. weak,
nlerht and act while you sleep. "Gran- wastinp and despondent were cured and
Solvent" removes every symptom of stric- restored by the St. .Tames method last
ture. leaving the canal as healthy as when year. A vast army of men In whom the
nature formed it. No BRUTAL CUT- ilsrht of life has penetrated the fearful
TING OR DILATING. NO INJECTIONS nlehtmare of stricture and seminal de-
TO IRRITATE THE MEMBRANE NO cay.
Bpace will not permit a complete description of the lncompar- pro Hfc m &m
able St. James Treatment in urethrai diseases. Every sufferer H"~ KT« ff~ |f"~
from Stricture and its offspring:, Prostatltis and Seminal .Weak- g HH1 H
r.eee should write to the St. James Association. 250 St. James CM? Hg Eg
J3K5E-. Cincinnati. Ohio, for their wonderful Illustrated work show- |^ RH HH IT
Ing the parts of the human system Involved In urethrai , ail- H M » M H
jnents, which they will send securely wrapped in plain package, g g fc, g^
St. James Assn., 250 St. James Block, Cincinnati, O.
Pyrography outfits, sheepskins and
fancy woods for burning, cameras, al-
bums and hooka on photography in
artlMn' matfrlftl department. Bannorn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
This council is doing well, having Initia-
tions at almost every meeting, and la now
strong numerically nnd financially
« Las tT W fT k J ne counc *l cave, its president,
Mrs. N. C. Thornafirle. a genuine surprise.
National Deputy Mrs. C. Strong told her
that she waa wanted by some one in an-
other hall, nnd when she entered discov-
ered that a banquet had been prepared
for her In appreciation of her services for
the council. During the repast tho lady
wns presented jv basket of flowers decor,
ated v/lth bows of red, white and blue
ribbon, the colors e»f the- order, an offer-
ing from XUf officer* of the council. After
the repast there wan a soeiai hour,
Martha "Washington Council of tho
Daughters of Liberty recently celebrated
the «lxth anniversary of its institution by
f, n «nterta!nmont «n«l dance in Red Men's
Hall. There was a large attendance and
a »rood programme.
Daughters of Liberty.
Liberty Lodge nt it» last held meeting
received twelve applications and when tho
reports on these are presented there will
»« a class Initiation, after which thero
will bo an open meetlnsr and entertain-
ment.
Last week the icrnnd dictator, grand vlc«
dictator. 8ui>rcme nopresonttiuves Solo-
mon nnd Crowe and Deputy Apgnr paid
n. visit to American Euglo Lotfgn and an
lncliucttvn meeting wim the result.
lerlm nuenii I^odge hnd u Inrge Attend-
ance nt Its Inst hold meeting and tho
members nnd vIMtom wero delightfully
entertained by the members of Company
ll with a varied programme. The enter-
tainments by companies A and D of this
lodge hnve attracted to the lodgeroom
many members who wero classed as
"stayaways."
Wnnhinrton Circle is preparing to give
a snowball party on the 30th inat. in the>
Foresters' building.
Supreme Chief Mrs. Falconer and Su-
premo Secretary Mrs. Morrow paid a visit
recently to Wchster Circle.. After tha
work of the evening they were pleasantly
and hospitably entertained. . .
Knights of Honor.
On the night of the 20th inst. California
Circle gave a social In the Foresters'
building that was well attended by young
meji and ladles who enjoyed a well ar-
rai.Red programme of dancing.
Tho party (riven by Sherwood Circle In
the Foresters' building last Wednesday
night was attended by a large number
of the members and their friends, who
found delight in taking part in the pro-
gramme of dances that was arranged by
the committee. *
Companions of the Forest.
The hard times party given by Live
Oak Circle of the Companions of the For-
est of America on the 20th inst. in the
social hall of the Alcazar- buildintr was a
delightful function that was attended by
a large number of people who are fond of
dancing. Many of those in the hall were
attired in costumes that made them look
as if they air came from Poverty Row,
where hard times always prevail.
American Companions.
At the meeting of Court Yerba Buena
last Tuesday night the application of one
stranger was received and referred to a
committee on investisatlon.
At the last held meeting of the Past
Chief Rangers' Association of the Inde-
pendent Order of Foresters the subject
of a grand picnic In the name of tho order
was discussed and it was suggested that
it be held on the 9th of September at
Alum Rock, near San Jose.
Independent Foresters.
A preliminary meeting has been held for
the purpoaa of organising Garden City
Lodge In Han Jose. It will be Instituted
May 6. J, i:. Doblln has been selected uh
chancellor «nd A. i:. Webber as recorains
end financial officer.
Ban Fr&nrUco t^tdgo, at Its m««tlns last
Friday, had twelve strangers to initiate.
At tn* InM held meeting of tha lodge in
Nevada City tftate. Organlier Wallli was
i-irni.i and Initiated »tx Ptrang-era,
Th» following named Lave beru awarded
priffs In the order, elven for the bent
werk don* «n Marrh: ll, MelftPky, 8. C.
Walita and NV. 1. Slower.
State Orcanleer 8. C. Wallls was In Sac*
ramento last week and organised a new
lodge of the order to be known as Sacra-
mento. On the 80th inst., h«, In company
with euprem* Vice Chancellor Elliott, will
Institute the lodge with a good member-
ship. F. H. XOefer has been selected as
chancellor, E. R. Flint as recorder and
financier and D. J. Hartley as past chan>
cellor.
California Lodge of this order Is having
pleaa&nt and Interesting meetings and at
almost »v*ry cession the membership Is
Increased by th« Initiation of stranprers.
On th« nicht of th« 12th lni«t. there wa*
a reunion of the United Moderns and their
friends in the Bhlcls building, on which
occasion ther« in presented a most de-
*lr&ble prosnimm* of music, sonr and
recitations and dancing.
United Moderns.
Last w«nk Court FarrnRUt'ii members
to the number of torty proceeded from
Yullejo to Nnpa, whci* they visited Court
1'nrnmn and a*i«i!«tt«r. in th«» Initiation of
candidate*. Court Fnrragut will give h
portal on th<« 4th of May. This court will
try to have the city <.f Vallejo nelect*d for
tho Unvnd Court (<cMr-inn In 1M2.
fourt CSrn«Ti«l I^iwlon hn» nrrmnced for
n family reunion at Harbor View on tho
Itnh of May.
A new court of the ord*r was Instituted
at J'ortervillo last Friday night with a
h*>«lthy charter Hat.
Court Verbnno aud Verbano Circle of
Onkiiutd will clve a. picnic at I'ltirviih- on
the scth of Muy.
At the lnst held meeting: of Court De-
fiance of the Foresters of America PaBt
Chief Ranker Klias Ipaacs of Court Mag-
nolia, on behalf of the members of th«
court, fire-sented lo Junior Past Chief
Ranger Bon Franklin a mngnlflcent
watch charm emblematic of the order.
The recipient expressed his thanks for
the beautiful token nnd declared that ha
would do all he couitl to make Dcflanca
one of the best court* In this city. Mr.
Franklin, who has a fine barytone voice,
has on a number of occasions entertained
tho court wilh vocal selections.
Foresters of America.
<2«lte a number of the courts in the
!«st quarter's report show a caln In
finance and membership, notablv Robin
Hood of this city and Friar Tuck and Ev-
ergreen of Seattle.
Court Cameos of Honolulu has a mem-
bership of 114 with $3000 in Its treasury.
This Is the first time that the court has
passed the 100 mark.
Court Bohemian will have an entertain-
ment and dance to-morrow nlcht. This
court has 115 members, having added forty
to Its membership in the past three
months.
The court at Richmond In the new town
of Richmond already has a membership
of eixty. At the last held meeting eight
Etrarspers were Initiated.
Tb* Institution of the new court at
T«metcal has been postponed until next
Wednesday. Court Raisin City was Insti-
tuted at Fresno last Tuesday by High
Chief Rang-er Bochm and other high oln-
crrs.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
O -I-M ilimi!lllllM!ii I I-I- 1 -i-^.i-.i-I-I-l- 1- I-I I-I-I-I I- 1- !¦ I 1 Ml MI •
| Dry Goods Company. J
j We will place on sale MONDAY, April 29th, another "
X shipment of NEW DRESS FABRICS at popular ?
j| prices, consisting of the following numbers: ••
? 38 pieces 42-inch SATIN PRUNELLA CLOTH. , f Qi OH Vnrrl ¥
| 45-inch SATIN WHIPCORD OliUU lulO $
•• IN ALL COLONS. 1|I
| 10 pieces 56-inch CHEVIOT MIXTURES, in Oxford & I e>r Ynrfl 1
:: and light Gray, Blues and Tans, at £J I dl 11 \
:; 34 pieces 30-inch EM STRipmEPFcLOTH, in TCft Y^rfl !
: : all colors, for waists and house gowns, at I u u I dl I! X
:: 65 pieces ALL-WOOL PLAIN AND FANCY CHAL- rpp y grf | j
;; SEE SHOW WINDOW. v
** Country Order* Carefully and* Promptly Filled. ••
V _ v
J CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, +
1 1 • •" SE - Corner Geary and StocHon Streets, San Franaisoo. Y
«¦ UNION SQUARE. •)•
sorting TO-NIGHT
AND AM. THIS WET3X.
REQU^AU MATINJSW BATURDAT,
M»n»»rerf EUlnihom* and Qppenhalnw hM«
the honer to announce & ipeelal Kn«*««m»nt
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the Ineotnptrttl*
NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting for the ftwt week brrocoltt r«-
rtuVft ih" Ffrrtt hit of the Unt Ne 1 mion In
eemedy hit. •
SPBCtAX. I
BAloA Mff N a ! 'a"ii£' DA1 "- 1
BACHELOR'S
ROMANCE.
Lavish Scenic Mountings. Poiltlvelr N» Ad-
vance In Prtcei.
Children under 7 years not admitted to any
Neill performance.
Evenings— 25c. 35c. 60c, 75c fU Baturt»7
matinee— 25c, 50c, 75c.
Second "*\>ek— Aujrustln Daly's Fine Comedy
Success. "THE LOTTERY OF tX>VE."
In Preparation— "BARBARA FRIETCHIEJ."
flLvHEATR E^Xt
MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
TO-MORROW NIQHT-SECONP "WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE WEDNESDAT-rDEWET
THE .
A J1.50 -Entertainment for 50a.
STANDING ROOM ONLY.
SEATS - - - - ¦ - 15c, 25c' 35c, 50c
IT r^X^ ¦ JL«» !/•
Information as to the correct design and colors
of the official Confederate battle flag. This
Information Is wanted by the stage manager
of the Jamea Neill Company to Insure that the
flags to be used In tha production of the war
play, "Barbara Frletchle," may b« correct.
Address MR. "ROBERT MORRIS, Stag© Man-
ager, California Theater.
SENSATIONAL
CUT IN PRICES!
THE
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST.,
\A/II_t- OFFER
250 Tailor-made Suits,
Latest Styles only, at
GREAT REDUCTIONS!
€&£MjS^ $12.50 Tailor-Made Suits
(jJ/S[Qrtt| $15.00 Tailor-Made Suit* tEf^)
jffiBhtew^uy Elegantly Tailored and jtf?* $c§r^P^»al^
(X% d <- 1 \\rFT*\ Unequaled in the Ci».y.
$7.50 Bolero Jackets, panne velvet, satin lined, reduced to $5.OO
$10.00 Silk Bolero Jackets, satin lined, reduced to 6.00
$15.00 Kersey and Covert Cloth Auto Box Coats, silk lined throughout,
reduced to ....; $10.00
NOVELTY SILK DRESS SKIRTS, exclusive styles, very rich styles,
One-third off from Regular Prices.
APvj&tt r JiacirIE.NTa>
ADVEBTTSOIENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
/ngTTRHM y!K7*S.
"And That Is No Fairy Tale"
FOURTH WEEK
AND CONTINUED GREAT SUCCESS OF
THE MAGNETIC OPERA.
THE
"HOOT
BMITH AND HERBERT'S MOST
FAMOUS WORK.
"IF THE BLUES YOU'VE GOT*
Come and laugh it Abel Conn and Hoot Mon :
Hear the chaff and nrerry tunes to boot mon j
We ire ture "The Idol's Eya" will suit mon.
"CURE YOU THE SPOT."
nsnFKCTi/r mounted and *buno.
POPULAR WITH EV12RYD0DY.
PAIL STEINDORrF~.. Musical Director
THE TOYMAKER Incoming production
Ev?ninqs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
P.1PUI. A" P * lCHS-?Bc and OOo.
TELEPHONE-BUSH J.
Week Commencing "** TO-DAY, SUNDAY MATINEE, April 28th.
VAUDEVILLE'S CREATEST HEATLINERS.
I THE BI^GB8T NOVELTY "VER IMPORTED. 1
/CTHE AG0USTR4
I A 8#ntatlonal .Turdlne Act Which Hat B«t Two Oontlntnta TalkJn*. 1
| THD WORLD'S LEADING BLACKPACB COMEDIANS. I
/McINTYRE and HEATHl
B "' Introduetnt* Their Up-to-Dat* Rketoh, 1
I : "TUP WAN f*RO/n WONT'NAi" |
Hopkins' Trans-Oceanic Slars and Orpheum Importations.
BARNES and SISSON. aTfTMnT
CLAYTON, JENKINS and JASPER. MLLE. ADELAIDE.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOORAPH.
Retained by Special R«- T /^¥\*3 A T i^iXt IXTIVT '"'•••ntlnr N**r niuatena
queBt for One Week H t-ilJ £* A I ill JJ.Uljri * n<1 Trt « k » V*ty
Long-tr. B * \*\J *.§*#** 1 th# sharpest Obserrer.
Parquet, 25c any seat; Balcony, 10c: Children. 10c. any part except reserved. A few
front Orch««tra rows reserved. 50c; front rows of Balcony reserved. 25cTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
28
BUSINESS CHANCES CoTttlntif tl.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 200 groceries and bars,
300 candy and Ice cream stores, 500 restau-
rants. 900 stores of all kinds ; partners wanted -
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us. .
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st
FOR private sale — Some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO., 838
Market st.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt.
A FINE restaurant; city front; $1500. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 759 Market st
$650-DELICACY, fruit, poultry and fish store;
adjoining town; well established and well
stocked; rent $15. JOSEPH BAILIE. <"59 Mkt.
6 RELIABLE men of moderate means wanted
In proposed extensive corporation; Joint con-
trol and directorships given' them; highly
profitable, exclusive mfrs.; clean business,
honest plan; success assured; $25 each re-
quired to start ball. Box 4004, Call office.
TO LET— Small barber shop in town of Rich-
mond: no rent. Call on or r»Ylte to D. W.
ENTRICAN. East Yard. Richmond, Contra
Costa County, Cal.
WANTED— In a business that will bear clos-
est scrutiny, partner with $600: very best
references required. Box 4077. Call office.
$300— PARTNER In dyeing, cleaning; good man;
experience not nececsary. 1421 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale — Candy store and icecream parlor;
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
CIGAR stand, good fixtures ;excellent location;
; must sell Immediately; bargain. Box 51, Call.
52T.0 — FRUIT stand with good horse and wagon;
gord location. Box 4037, Call office.
L»AUNDRY route for sale; splendid opportun-
lty. Box 4036. Call office.
FOR sale — Branch bakery and notion store. 591
Fourth st. ; no agents.
FOR SALE— Cheap; grocery and bar. 1322 Na-
toma Et
FOR sale, or will take partner in delivery
business. Box 4061, Call office.
A MAIL dock restaurant, doing a good busi-
ness, for sale; account of other business.
Apply 697 First st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED livery, boarding and sale
stable; 27 horses. 15 boarding horses. 4 hacks.
9 buggies, S carts, S wagons, . 27 sets double
and single harness, blankets, robes, whips,
halters and everything necessary to conduct'
the business; income $S00 per month; expenses
$600; will inventory $7000; price $5500; owner
must go to Honolulu. Call 1315 Stockton st,
between 3roadway and Vallejo.
FOR SALE— A" well-established grocery and
general merchandise business in Oakland.
Cal.; will sell for cost price of stock, which
will Inventory for about $4000; splendid op-
portunity for an active business man; rea-
son for selling, sickness; principals only
will be dealt with. For particulars see J.
F. STREET, Attorney at Law, rooms 16 and
17, 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
WANTED— Energetic man with $3500 to buy an
old reliable patent medicine business, lnolud-
¦ ing stock, formulas, secrets, etc., owing de-
parture owner. Please call from 4 to 9 p. m.,
Mendel's Pharmacy, corner Washington and
Broderick sta.
SHOE store for sale in San Rafael; money-
making place for a shoemaker. For particu-
lars apply to MAGNES. SEIBERLICH SHOE
CO., 35 Second st,, San Francisco.
WELL equipped "French hand laundry; ex-
clusive cash patrons: without competition;
good profit; poor health cause of sale. Ad-
dress box 2825, Call office.
RESTAURANT to let— Opposite San Mateo R.
R. Co.'s carhouse. Inquire 2298 San Jose ave.
CORNER saloon for sale cheap. 2298 San Jose
ave., opposite carhouse.
SALOON; old-established corner; 2 sunny liv-
ing rooms; must Bell; other business. 654 4th.
PARTNER wanted; must be a good cook or
waiter. Box 4016, Call office.
BAKERY and restaurant for sale cheap on
account of Ill-health. Box 4019. Call office.
AN old-established fine paying grocery and
bar; on account of departure. 1315 Mission.
FOR Sale — Good saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
¦ to Germany. Box S73S. Call office.
$125— PARTNER wanted In restaurant: fine
bus.; no exp.; clears $50 mo. 496 Fourth st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAJKRON & CO..
£,50 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you nave hotel, rooming-house or bufelneos
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices.
63 rooms; downtown; modern apartment
house; clears J300 per month; first-class
investment *34W
34 rooms; rent $130; elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans £650
15 rooms; choice resident part city; ele-
gantly furnished; upright piano; modern;
Vi cash; reduced to 105C
26 rooms; cor.; rent $100; apartment house.. 1650
8 rooms; modern flat; Geary 453
10 rooms; rent $50; good and clean... 850
18 rooms; all new; oak fur.; full 1500
14 rooms; rent 60; good furniture 900
II rooms; rent $40; piano; sewing machine. SBO
16 rooms; rent $50; hardwood furniture 1003
12 rooms; cor.; boarding-house 32tO
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
.THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
10 rooms; rent $27 50 $350
22 rooms; rent S47 450
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st., near Market 600
18 rooms; on Third st, near Market 550
• 14 rooms; on Mission et 660
40 rooms: rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms: north of Market: clears $200.... 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine ;... 2600
20 rooms; on Geary St.; clears $135 2400
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300. 2600
S0-room boarding-house; clears $600 8000
8-room flat: sunny tide.. 700
6-room flat; very good 825
500 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms.
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 7P6.
$100,0CO to loan at W> Der cent.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Rth.
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Building
719 Market st. ; money to loan. Tel. Black 1803.
10 rooms; rent $33; clears $33 each month. $b25
11 rooms; nice fur.; fine carpets; 6 rooms
rented for $80; 4 blks. N. of Market st. ;
terms cash, % In mthly Installments. 860
40 rooms; clean; best furnished In city;
Income $395 monthly; strictly respectable 4500
100 rooms; modern; offices: clears $350 650!).
17 rooms: clearing $70; installments; bargain.
24 rooms; electric light in every room 1000
i 21 rooms; a first-class transient house.... 1600
16 rooms; housekeeping; rent $50; full.... 1000
27 rooms; clears $150; rich and elegant — 2B00
10 rooms; N. Mkt.; sunny side; $200, bal.
monthly payments; rent $40; Income $80 450
36 rooms; central; corner; a money coiner 18C0
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
9 rooms; elegantly furnished: cheap rent.. {300
16 rooms; very desirable; large yard 475
25 rooms; Van Ness ave.: something extra 1500
54 rooms; sunny cor.; worth double 2500
76 rooms; fine location; big money-maker 5000
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city.. 5750
148 rooms; particulars given bus. people. 25,000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our specail bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market st
FISHER & CO., 935 Market st, opp. Mason.
45 rooms; north of Market; only .....$1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished.... 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we. have them at any price.
STYLISH furnished sunny corner; oak folding
beds; good carpets and bedding; Income $100:
rent $25; owner purchased store and must sell
regardless of price. FISHER, 935 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st,
Over Wonder Millinery Store.
9 rooms: rent $30; only $150
18 rooms; rent $50; a snap 11C0
35 rooms; see it and make offer.
25 rooms; fine corner; only 2700
8 rooms; downtown flat 200
(500 other houses to select from).
ATTENTION BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house la
the city, and pay for It,
in monthly payments
from the profits '
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st
55 rooms; Powell ....$2100
42 rooms; Turk 8000
21 rooms; Third 276
18 rooms; Fifth; good piano included 1000
15 rooms; Ellis; a bargain..../ '. 600
Many others, north and south of Market st
15 ROOMS; Mission St.: rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason St.: rent ?45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy: rent $58; price $650.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth St.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. ¦'• phone Mint 191L
Rooms 1, 2, No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
$300— LODGING-HOUSE, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent; water free; pays good profit HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny st.
14 ROOMS: central; transient: neatly furnished;
rent $40; bargain. Donnelly Co., 632 Market
THE best and most central rooming-house In
the city of 60 rooms to be sold; no agents.
Box 404L Call office. ¦-¦¦¦¦ , . ¦ ¦ :
10-ROOM house, vicinity Fourth and Harrison
sts. ; always full; party leaving- State; rent
..$25; snap. 'Address box 1717, Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
. 16 pages, in wrasDer for Tn»m-n«r $t net year.
IIELP WANTED — FEMALE Con. '
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework
in small family; wages $20. Apply 930 Pag*
st. Monday, bet, t and 4 p. m.
WANTED— Coat finisher at onca at 6S5 Call-
fornla st. room 8.
SEWERS wanted to take work home. 723 Mar-
ket at. room 35.
IRONER3 wanted. 723 Market st. room 35.
WANTED— A girl between 25 and 30 years o£
age to do- general housework and plain cook-
ing. Apply between 9 and 12 a. m. Monday
at 108 Oak st.
GIRL to assist light housework; sleep homa.
Apply at 1420 Washington st
WANTED— Widow; good appearance: $40 and
expenses; references. Box JSS9, Call of flea.
YOUNG Swedish or German girl for light
housework and assist with cooking; two la
family; wages $15. Call Sunday and Mon-
day from 9 to 13 at 102H Haight st.
GIRL for general housework: understands
cooking; in small family. 2115 Brodeiick st
EXPERIENCED -waist hand; also apprentice;
pay whll« learning. 1170 Market st. room 43.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on coats; good
wages. S50 Market st, rooms 3 and 4.
WANTED — Girl to do plain bushellng. Apply
"Gus. the Tailor." 2757 Greenwich st
NEAT dining-room girl to-day. Capital Re«-
taurant. 206 McAllister at.
WANTED— Finishers on cloaks at 40 Ellis at.
room 44. '
A LADY understanding the manufacturing of.
underskirts and underwear; permanent posi-
tion. BAUER BROS., 21 Sansome st
WANTED— Lady for coprlnir and general offlc*
work. Address box 1537. Call office. ~
GIRL for general housework: small family;
apply to-day If possible. 1169 Oak st
GIRL to assist; general housework; small faia-
lly; sleep home. 485 Fell at
WANTED— 2 buttonhole makers on coatsj
wages $12 per week. 135^ Natoma »t -
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is crowded and hav» orga— »«J eren-
lng classes; this Is the largest dreasi— Uclng
school west of Chicago and is among th« pop-
ular Institutions of San Francisco; perfect
fitting patterns cut to order. 1019 Market st.
WANTED— In a ¦mall American family, a Ger-
man or Danish girl for general housework:
must be a good cook: call bet 9 and 13 m. m.
815 Stelner St.. near Hayes.
A LADY of indomitable energy, poaa«ss«4 of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PER3ON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; Val-
lejo; plain cooking; no washing. Apply 69
Tiffany av.. bat 23th and 29th st*.
WANTED— Front hands on negllg* shrrU l
steady work; good price*. LOWENBERO A
CO.. 27 Jessie st. fifth floor.
WANTED— Good waiat hands and skirt hanriiv
782 Geary st
WANTED— Experienced hairdresser; also a*.
prentice. 240 Stockton st.
WANTED— Girl for candy store: good wages.
Inquire shooting gallery. Forty-ninth, ava. and
B st. Cliff House. |
OPERATOR on pants; must be flrst-clasai
steady work; high wages. BKLASCO- HAR-
RIS CO.. 641 Market »t. __^
BUTTONHOLE maker, finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market_t
HAIRDRESSING taught In 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; term*
reasonable. Hairdressing College. 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught In 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College. 574 Geary st
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON A CO.. 535 Market st
GIRL wanted to care for child; call forenoon.
22 Tehama st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS rages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 ppr year.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main, 534$
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office open to-day, Sunday
SPECIAL TO-DAY
5 machine miners, large gold mine. $75 and,
found, fare paid, we ship to-day; 3 Burlelgh
drillers, $2 60 day, fare paid
....TO THE SAWMILLS AND WOODS....
We pay fare— 45 laborers, no experience re-
quired, to work: in the mills, yards and
woods $26 and found; fare paid,
MECHANICAL HELP
Painter, institution, $75; 3 carriage painters;
2 ship carpenters, country
Wagonmaker and woodworker $75
2 millwrights. $4 day; bricklayer, city; IS
blacksmiths, camps and shops
$65. $3 and $2 50 day
7 blacksmith helpers $52. $40 and $35 and Id
MISCELLANEOUS
150 laborers, sawmills, mines, R. R. work.
factories, etc $173 and $2 d»v
10 single-hand miners, $60 drillers, {69
37 haymakers $30, $32 and •_
20 farm hands, teamsters, etc $26 and $30
5 laborers, city factory $1 50 day
4 farmers and wives. $50; milker and wlfa;
25 milkers, city and ¦country. ......$30 and $35
Young man for office work, city
Bookkeeper and stenographer ...........4&»
42 cooks, city and country S30 to W
30 waiters, city and country $25 to $33
Steward. $49; bakers, country shops. $40 and,
$50; plain and fancy ironers; kitchen help.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
A ATTENTION -....,.
Office .open to-day, Sunday
AT C. R. HAKSBN & CO.'8.. Phone Grant US
RAILROAD WORK
EO laborers -tl 71
Frew fare Ship to-day
....For the big tunnel, Chatsworth Park...,
One year's work
Headers $2 60..Cornersmen $2 60.. Drillers $3 29
Muckers $2 Outside laborers $173
Also opportunity for
Carpenters and machine men. {3 SO, fi
Wages paid in cash
No discount ....7raa far*
25 white coal miners and 2 machine men to
run link belt electrio undercutters tor ooil
mines in New Mexico; best going -WRgni
free fare; apply In person or by letter
20 farmers for orchard work. $23 and $24; 10)
milkers, $30; millwright and sawfller. $100 and
found: 12 men io dl(r trenches, 20c a foot; 3
blacksmiths, $2 25 and $3 50 a day; 4 black-
smith helpers, $1 25 to $2 25 a day; 60 wood-
choppers, $1 60 a cord
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook for large hotel, $110; hotel butch-
er, large hotel, $75; foreman, cake baker and,
confectioner, country, $75; laundryman and
wife, country, $30. fare paid; waiter and wife.
country hotel. $45; second cook, country hotel.
$50; third cook, springs. (30: chef for cafo,
south, $S5; 4 restaurant cooks, $50, $60. $65 1
waiters, city and country, $25 to $40; 20 dish-
washers and kitchen hands, $20 to $30 ,
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary at.
A-JOE DONOVAN and Andrew Ryan, black-
smiths, please report C. R. HANSEN A
CO., 104 Geary at.
AT CAL. EMP. AG'CT, 59 3d; phone John J13L
2 carriage painters $2 50 per day
4 drillers, $2 per day 5 laborers, country
5 quarrymen $1 35 to $3 per day
Blacksmith's helper, horseshoeing
Man to trim hedge, country
2 milkers, 25 cows $30 per month
3 farm hands $1 per day and board
Man and wife, small ranch. $39
4 men to cut wood, pine, 4 feet. $1 25 per oofl
4 men to make posts $3 per hundred
4 men to make ties lie apleca
Sawmill and woodsmen Free fara
FOUR first-class carpenters for country. $3 50
day, 8 hours: call early Monday morning. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento »t.
JOURNEYMEN Barbara' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk: teL Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBER Bosses' Protective Association win
hold their meeting at 102 O'Farrell st at 2:30
p. m.. SUNDAY. April 23. All barbers ara
Invited to attend. Don't mis3 this meeting.
Important.
SALESMEN and solicitors can make good
money selling seats fur the grandstand now
being erected at the Union Iron Works to sea
the President and the launching of the- bat-
tleship Ohio, Saturday. May 18. Call at ones
at 916 Market st. (Columbian building), room
58, for particulars.
WANTED— Or.e or more partners to assist in
manufacturing business; 60 per cent profit;
no money asked until parties are satisfied.
Apply 2 to 4 p. m. any day, 118 Phelan bldg.
ELDERLY man to take care of horses; must
be handy with tools: strictly sober; $10 and
found. 301 Twenty-second st.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED young man compositor for
job work; steady work; state wages. Box
4080. Call Office.
MAN for summer resort; handy with tool3;
understands some gardening; call early. 520
Railroad ave.. narrow gauge. Fifth st sta-
tion. Alameda.
PERSONS everywhere who can write merito-
rious sketches, articles or stories; good pay.
Literary Burean, 303 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED — 3 tailors: coatmaker and a general
tailor; steady work: pay general tailor, f.%
per week; coats, $7 up. Address W. H,
WALKER, Bakersfleld, Cat
BAN FKA-NCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of Tht San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until M o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— i27 Montromery ctreet,
eoraer Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
tOO Hayes street: open until 6:30 p. m.
est McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 L— -kin «treet; open until *:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. iu.
1261 Market Btrect, corner Slxteentn. open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet: open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second ana Jten-
tucky ctreetf; open until 9 p. m.
CIirRCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion st. between Sixth and Seventh.— Dr. 8.
D. Hutrlnplller will conduct services and
preach on the topic "The Faithful and the
Fickle." and at 7:45 on the topic. "The
Strange Way of Life and the Familiar Ways
of Death." Mr. Robert Lloyd, conducting the
muelc, will elng "The Lost Chord." and a
cordial welcome awaits the Btraneer.
CALVARY and Bt John's Presbyterian
churches worship together, corner of Cali-
fornia ana Octavla sts.— Services 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m.; Rev. George L. Spining, D.D.,
a member of the Board of Home Missions,
visiting our Plate by appointment of the
board, will speak on "Home Missions In the
Twentieth Century." Dr. Hemshlll will
preach in the evening; topic. "All Things
working Together for Good": Christian En-
deavor. «:45 p. m. ; Wednesday evening ser-
vloa. 8 o'clock. All cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (FlreO, southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts.; Rev. Bradford
Leavitt minister: Rev. Dr. Stebblns, min-
ister emeritus; Charles A. Murdock. super-
tendest of Bunday-school.— The Sunday-school
is at 19 o'clock. Th« morning service Is at
11 o'clock. R#r. Mr. Leavitt will preach:
pubSoct. "Llvlag Tour Creed." Music by
quartet choir. All are cordially lrivlted.
There l« bo *renlng eervlc*^
SKCOND Unitarian Church, corner Capp and
Twentieth sts.; R*v. E. F. Dinsmore. min-
ister; residence, 826 Capp «t— Sunday-school
at 9:<5 o'clock: Rev. George R. Dodson of
Alameda will preach th« morning discourse.
Rev. George W. Stone will lecture in the
evening on "Theodore Parker, the Preacher.
TRINITY Church, corner Bueh and Gough
«ts.; Th« Rit. Frederick W. Clampett D.D..
rector.— Holy Communion, I a. m. and 11
a. m.: nxorniag eervlce, 11 o'clock: evening
prayer, 4 o'clock; Friday service for army
and navy at 11 a, m.; special music service
Bunday, April 2$. 1901. at 7:45 o'clock. The
rector will preach.
OTRST Congregational Church, corner Poet and
Mason 8t».— Rev. George C. Adams. D. D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At U a.
mT theme "The Bible Idea of the City"; at
7:45 p. m.. 'theme, "God Demands Obedience."
All are cordially Invited.
FHtST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block. 223 Sutter st, between Kearny st. and
Grant ave.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; eubject "Everlasting Punishment."
6unday-echool for children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Free reading-room, 206 Kearny st. room 610.
All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ
Drulfis' Temple, Folsom and Fourteenth sts.
—Preaching, 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.; Sunday-
tichooL 9:45 a. m. This church has no con-
nection whatever with the Mormons of Utah.
Its head being Lamonl, Iowa, under the lead-
ership of Joseph Smith. All Invited. C. A.
Parkin, pastor.
SEVENTH-DAY Adventlst Church. 914 Laguna
Bt.. between McAllister st and Golden Gate
ave.— Preaching this evening at 7:80 o'clock
by Eld. B. F. Richards; subject "The Route
From Eden Lost to Eden Restored." All are
cordially Invited; seats free.
FRIENDS' meeting. Sunshine Hall. 928 Harri-
son et, near Fifth— First day (Sunday)
morning at 11 o'clock: Sabbath-school. 3 p.
m. ; evening services, 7:45 o'clock. John
Holly, a noted Quaker evangelist and R.
Jeffrys. a celebrated vocalist from Los An-
pelee, expect to be present at these services.
Friends and others invited.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium— This afternoon at
S o'clock. In the Young Men's Christian As-
sociation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis sts..
Rev. H. H. Bell, D.D., will address a mass
meeting of men; subject "The Disappointed
Lawyer." All young men Invited.
FRIENDS' meeting to-day at 11 a, m. at Sun-
shine Hall, 928 Harrison st, between Fifth
and Sixth; evening gospel services at 7:45
o'clock in care of John Holley, evangelist;
adult Bible school, 9:15 a, m. ; adult Bible
school. 3 p. m. All are welcome.
TROF. KNOX'S last lectures. Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter Bt.— 11 a, m., subject, "What
We Teach In the Mental Science School":
8 d. m.. subject "How to HeaX" Do not
miss these lectures. Beats free. Collection
•will be taken up to meet expenses.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at 8 o'clock, in Odd Fellows' building.
by Mlas Jessie C. Brodie: subject "Hero
'Worship." Golden Chain Group at 11 a. m.
MEETINGS — SUKDAY.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY; grand test meeting,
8 o'clock; come early; questions answered.
1164 O'Farrell, bet. Franklin and Gough;
Ellis-st. car; admission 10c
Plttlnps daily for advice in business, spirit-
ual messages and diagnaslslng disease. $1;
evenings by engagement; tel. Hyde 2461.
AA— DR. J. A. KERGAN lectures this evening
on "The Human Kidneys" at Crystal Hall.
Pythian Castle. 909 Market Et., followed by
views in the Land of the Pharasees. Free
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exhibi-
tion at Sanitarium next Tuesday evening.
A— DR. RINES' Spiritual Society. S09 Market.
11. free: 2-8. 10c; Mrs. Seeley, Wilson; Instal-
lation Monday night, Mrs. Young's, McAl-
llster st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 909 Market, to-night
holds Interesting spiritual meeting; mee-
sasres; friends; public specially invited: 10c;
last public meeting; sittings. 124 Russ st
EDWARD EARLE' S occult demonstrations,
tests, meF&aprcs and questions to-night, S
o'clock. €22 Geary et., near Jones.
MRS EBERHARDTS convincing te«t meeting
to-night. 10c ; skeptics invited. 3550 Twenty-
second st ; telephone Blue 954.
MRS. B. VAICSYCK.fc.J-.. writinc medium and
spirit artist. 3044 Twenty-fourth st, corner
Treat ave. ; upper flat.
MRS. D. M. COLBY has returned; trance sit-
ting* dally: circles Tuesday evening. 1041*4
Valencia Bt.
A FREE lecture on "Palmistry," with fre«
read! ings for all, this evening at S o'clock.
423 Ellis Bt
MME. VOTING'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night 605 McAllister St.. 10c; come.
Rkeptlcs.
MRS. GILLJXGHAM w!ll read sealed ques-
tions and flowers. S p. m., 10c. 305 Larkln st
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat. ; 10c. 148 Sixth st, 2d floor.
MRS. EVANS, O Sixth, r. 16; circle to-night,
8. 10c; also to-morrow ere.: readings daily.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night.
8 o'clock. 5Dc 1064 Bush, near Leavenworth.
MRS. WERMOUTH. 416 Golden Gate ave.— Clr-
cles Sun.. Mon., Fri.. « p. m.; Wed., 2:30; 25c.
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing tests to all;
10c; Sundays, Tuesdays. 278 Ninth; sittings.
MME. MARQITISE'S test circle to-night. 8;
10c; sittings daily. U28 Howard st, upper flat.
MRS. VIGARS' spiritual test meeting; 10c;
sittings dally. 148 Sixth St.. r. 32. 2d floor.
TEST meeting to-night. 117 Larkin. lower hall.
Mrs. Wrenn, Maxvell, Mott others; 10c.
MRS. WINCHESTER, l«10 Clay— Circle Pun-
day and Wednesday. 8: Tuesday. 2 p. m.
Ml^KTINGS— -Inlremal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophieal
Society <non-politJcal and unsectarian) — Lodgre
Is'o. 7 will bold its monthly public meeting on
4th Sunday at Universal Brotherhood Hall. 310
O'Farrell; subject to-night "Master. Who
Hath Sinned. This Man or His Parents?" by
Dr. J. A. Anderson and Mrs. J. Dingle; xnusl-
cal selections; all invited.
___________
DMXTT Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F.— os^MJtt^
Members ax<> requested to be ?gy."vire!5.
present at the Initiatory cere-
monies to be held at the hall, "'' -
Valencia and Sixteenth 6ts., TUESDAY,
April SO, at 8 p. m. By order
S. F. THOMPSON. N. G.
A- S. CRONK. Recording Secretary.
A- O. H.. Division No. 2. — The mcm-fc^i
bers of this division are ordered to as- V\wl
eemble at Hibemia Hall, 120 Ninth JKWH
Bt. on MONDAY. April 29. 1901. atcf\_g
f :IO a. m., to attend the funeral of »"_£
our late brother. PATRICK O'BRIEN*.
JOHN KENNY. President
T. I* CLANCY, Secretary.
BT. ANDREW'S Society— Open meet- v *»\.
In* MONDAY EVENING. April * QkSj
2»; fine musical and literary pro-
gramme.
ALLAN POLLOK, President
GEORGE ST. J. BREMNER, Secretary.
P. 8.— Dinna forget the picnic.
BT. ANDREW'S Society— Annual » <^_^
family picnic at Fairfax Park, on 2V, qji
SATURDAY. May 4. 1901. Oak-
land society will participate; boats 3 *»
from Bausalito ferry landing at 6:55, 9:3J a.
m.. and 12:45 p. m. Tickets, 50c and 25c; to
be had from members or at wharf.
ALLAJC POLLOK. President.
GEO. ST. JOHN BREMNER. Sec
THIRTY-FIFTH grand annual gath- _ r>\.
onr.g and games of the Caledonian 3^ QlU
Club of San Francisco at Shell TXXgc
Mound Park. May SO. '•aEXfc
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
A MEETING of the heirs of the Trinity Church
eetkte at 6C5 McAllister Et. 2 p. ra. TO-DAY. .
I AGEXTS WANTED.
DO you know how to sell goods to cigar and
liquor ttores? Do you possess the ability to
work hard in order to make big money? Do
you dress neat and make a good appearance?
Do you know a good card machine when you
see It? And if you do not object to putting up
a reasonable deposit for a sample you can
write from anywhere, or call for partfculare.
as to taking the agency for our "Trader."
latest card machine, ornamental and guar-
anteed to work perfect; big money In It for
right parties; iriflen, please do not waste
our time. Royal Novelty Co., 209 Battery st.
San Francieco.
FOR good agents and salesmen put your ad-
vertisement in The Winner, St Louis, Mo.:
a mall order monthly; you will secure the
best hustlers in the country; 500.000 copies
each issue go to small cities and towns not
covered by dailies; rate per line, Jl 75. less
5 .per cent for cesh; try It one© and watch
results. j ,
A FIRST-CLASS apent In each city and county
: to handle an automatic window cleaner, "just
patented," which supplies water, washes and
dries the window; a quick seller and good
profits; small capital required: exclusive ter-
ritory assigned; call at 413 Kearny st. and
see; sample by mail $1 25. B. S. HARRIS.
O. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for
permanently removing superfluous hair: will
not Irritate, burn nor poison the most dellcato
skin; personsl demonstrations free; agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., aecy.. 426 Ellis.
MAN or woman wanted to employ and superin-
tend agents; $1S weekly salary and expenses:
permanent position. ZIEGLER CO., 620
Morion bulidlng. Chicago, 111.
WANTED— A local ag<»nt In each township to
sell our up-to-date publications; good re-
muneration for flrot-class people. Address
STKPHENSON, box 114. Sacramento, Cal.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to rpII than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
BIG commissions paid good agents to sell stock
of reliable oil company Just organized. Room
419. Parrott building.
A FEW more agents wanted at 347 Third st
WANTED— Agents, city and country; some-
thing new. 3 Taylor st.
SOLICITOR for milk. Apply at 219 Point Lobos
ave.. between 7 and 9 a. m.
ASPHALTUM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asshalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTRO LOGT.
TEACHER of astrology and palmistry; horo-
scopes, 60c and $1; house entertainments.
MRS. DR. SMITH, 1004 Market Bt
A J55H* T JL2i
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
bles. MRS. DR. FUNKB, 1416 8th. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 977 Mar-
ket »t.: consu! tat! on free: no fees In advance.
BATH CABINETS.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara. Per-
feotlon and other?. A«"»nev. 426 Kills St.. S. F.
BICYCLES — For Bale or Exchange.
FOR SALE — Cheap, a Cleveland bicycle In
splendid condition. 429 Fell st. CHAS. LEE.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
YOTTNG Canadian gentleman and wife (child-
less) living In pretty country home would
board and bring up two children between 4
and 12 years of age; $25 per month each;
twelve miles from San Francisco. Country
Home, box 2226. Call office. Oakland.
A FAMILY without children wish a child to
board; good home and care. 132 Fourteenth
st, near Howard.
CHILD to board and room and board for
parent, by respectable German lady; rea-
sonable. Call 923 Greenwich St., oor. Jones.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 small
children to board; good care. 3218 Sixteenth.
WOMAN wishes a child to board; a mother's
care. Apply 27 Geneva st.
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
board. 433 Minna st.
CHILDREN wanted to board; good family. 22
Geneva Et
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board : yard : best of rare. 1607 California st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$250 — OIL route, horse, wagon and 300 patent
cans; this is an oil proposition that pays.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st
$1800— GROCERY, fruit and produce store do-
Ing a business of $45 per day; full value In
sight. HORN.- SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.
$650 — GROCERY and delicacy store doing fine
business; established trade; large profits; a
good chance to increase the business. HORN.
; SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st.
: $500 — CANDY store and ice cream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit; fixtures alone
cost more than price asked; this is a genu-
ine bargain and it will pay to investigate.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st.
$3000— FURNITURE store In best business town,
on coast; established 17 years; sacrificed In
order to close estate; expense of Investigation
paid by us if not found as represented.
HORX^ SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly in-
voice price; call and cet particulars; it will
pay you. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny it.
WHOLE or half Interest In well-stocked paying
drug store on Market St.; rent only $65; good
lease; owner leaving city on account of sick-
ness; a bona fide bargain. HORN, SOLOMON
6 CO.. 30 Kearny st
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400,
or owner will sell half Interest to'KOod busi-
ness man for $«0O; will guarantee $1SO to $300
per month. HORN, SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st.
WHOLESALE liquor store; established 11 years;
doing a business of $40,000 per year; books
open to Inspection to reliable parties; terms
if desired: a rare bargain. HORN, SOLO-
MON & CO., SO Kearny st. ,
$300 — BUTCHER shop and trade; fine fixtures;
cost more than price asked to fit up. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st
$500— GENERAL merchandise store for sale at
a sacrifice; telephone exchange reduces rent
to $12. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 80
Kearny st ; tel. Main 1604.
TWO fine candy stores; centrally located; pay-
Ing well; both bargains.
A n»at. profitable delicatessen stand; fine
outside business; heart of town.
Trvo private boarding and lodging houses;
best Jn town: very select; Investigate at once.
GKO. W. AUSTIN & CO., 1008 Broadway,
Oakland.
$1500— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi-
ness; large sales; cash trade; staple goods.
Mclaughlin & co.. rnvi Market st.
$1SOO— DAIRY and milk route with cattle, near
city: going to Europe cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market St.
$250 — PARTNER wanted In an old established
cash business; owner well known practical
business man; rroflts average $80 a month
to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO.. 622 Market st.
$9D0— SALOON; rare chance for the right man
to acquire a good paying business; guarantee
$200 per month clear of all expenses; cheap
rent; 7 good living rooms; no better location
in the city. Business Board Trade; 326 Pine.
LIVERY stable at sacrifice figure; growing
city; summer resort; 60 miles" from San Fran-
cisco; large stable; fine horses, carriages and
fittings; low rent: stage line in connection.
M. F. THOMPSON, box 4084, Call office.
$300— RESTAURANT; north of Market; clear-
ing between $75 and $100 a month; splendid
chance for man and wife or 2 partners: living
rooms in rear; cheap rent; full investigation
allowed. Address box 1536, Call office.
$1000 — SICKNESS compels sale of profitable
businet-s in facial and scalp treatment, ma-s-
sage. »-airdreHsing, etc; good location; low
rent; will bear honest Investigation. 3001, Call.
PARTNER with $1000 in legitimate business;
will pay Investor $40 week salary and share
of profits. Box 1716, Call office.
WANTED— Lady with $200 to Invest and take
cHarge of city business; $40 per month guar-
anteed. Box 4090. Call office.
$CO0 BUYS one-third interest in first-class man-
ufacturing proposition: thorough investiga-
tion. Box 4034, Call office. • • ;
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
departure; living rooms complete. 126 Sec-
ond st. '
$300 WILL purchase a business paying large
profits; investigation solicited. Box 4054, Call.-
J1CD— PARTNER wanted ; saloon. 640 Commer-
cial St.. second door from Kearny; rent $20.
HAVE $400 to invest In some small business;
give particulars. Box 4028, Call office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED and good paying bakery
and confectionery; "Westerrt Addition; cause'
of selling, sickness. 314 Devlsadero Bt
. SPIRITUALISM.
C. E. WHEELER, trance medium; tests this
afternoon at 2 o'clock; seats free; Occiden-
tal hall. 305 Larkln st, corner McAllister;
circles every evening at 8 o'clock sharp ex-
cept Saturdays; friends and skeptics send
some one to the light. 305 Larkln at, cor-
ner McAllister, rooms 87-SS; admission 25c.
KNOW yourself. Break the slave-chains of
circumstance for yourselves and for your
children. Learn how to guard against error:
to transform weakness Into strength. Send
date of birth for character delineation, prac-
tical advice, 25c; 3 questions answered. 25c.
"SPHINXIA." P. O. box 2165. Ban FranciBCO.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
st. car; sit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 246L
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
wcrld-renowned ssiritual medium: advice In
all affairs In life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed., Fri. eve. ; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs), 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkln.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electrio
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln
St.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a, m. to 6 p. m.
TEST circle to-night; 10c; materializing se-
ance every Tuesday and Thursday night
ARNOLD DICKSON. 148 Sixth St.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
ist and card reading. 25c 1241% Market Bt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllisters-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; tests to all tc-nlght; lOo.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, card
reader and • healer. 146 Eddy st.
MME. FRANCIS, the truthful clairvoyant. 87
Third st. ¦
EARLE, 623 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally: seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess is possible were It not for a lack of fore-
sight into the future. If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied in life, consult ISMAR. for she Is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb in thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 1148
Market st, opp. Sixth. By mail three ques-
tlons answered, $1. Full life reading, $5.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
Bhe reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In tha
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to over-
come them. Valuable advice In all affairs of
life; 25o up; perfect eatlsf action guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms. 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; fees 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; tips on races. 215VS Sixth et.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $_J: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MADAME WORELL. trance medium; read-
Ings daily from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; oircles
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. 19 Hickory
ave.. off Van Ness, near Market Bt.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
WONDERFUL— Your life revealed; satisfac-
tion guaranteed; send birth date and 10c.
Prof. J. .Myers. Lincoln Park Sta., Chicago.
MME. TRUE, clairvoyant card reader, has re-
turned from the East; will be pleased to see
her friends at 401 Oak st.
MME. GYEISN. trance, business medium, life
reader, medical clairvoyant; office hours 1 to
5 and 7 to 9 p. m. 100S% Market St.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; J5c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. 6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken;tel.Howard 1846.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c.' 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader; ladles, 25c; gents,
50c. 210 Turk st
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents EOc. 132 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist; card
reader; 25c up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S% Jessie St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. • ¦ ¦¦
CAPE JfOMB.
CAPE NOME. Teller City and all points in
Alaska. For freight and passage rates, call or
writo C. V. MOORE. 935 Market Bt.. room 6.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANINgJ
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet cleaning works; work
done reasonable and guaranteed. 1703 Harri-
son St., phone 2351. . - V .
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st. : phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st. ; teL South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co. , 240 Fourteenth et. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES~TO LE T*
ARLINGTON, 333-Cottage, S rooms, chicken
house and yard ; rent $6.
FURNISHED oi- unfurnished cottage of 5
rooms and bath. Apply 2821 Bush st .
$14— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, bath, laundry; large
ground and stable. 1618 Sanche* st
¦ ;__ DENTISTS. ¦¦ '
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. -to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for besl crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at. ,
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full »et; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist In order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk st. cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
CURRY. "Dentist"; ail work guaranteed. 214
McAllister Et; phone Mint 276. ¦
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; "crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.Sla^ Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;pla.tes $5 up:phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. V. Painless extraction.
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St.. cor. Sth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st '
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The , Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tna
"United States or Canada one year for JL
DRESSMAKERS ASD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
• GALL^GH^R^MA^slTcolIege. Parrott b'.dg.—
Shorthand; typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert cuurt reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market at— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; Individual
•Instruction; positions secured: catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
' school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln at.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.minlng.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. U3 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
THOSE desiring to learn the best system of
shorthand by mall, please communicate with
S. A. MYHRB. 239 Ninth St.. San Francisco.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market Bt.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg. .
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45.
Parrott bldg. ; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
PRIVATE lessons given in the simplest and
most legible of shorthand methods; hours 3
to 9 p. m. 902 Van Nes3 ave.
WANTED— A few pupils In all branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E, Call office.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON"S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Ping »t.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 1481, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st ; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help.426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 6072
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell et : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMAT.B.
RESPECTABLE young girl wants a situation
take earn of 1 child; wages $12 to $15. Please
call 28 Cipp st.
AN experienced stenographer; has own office;
would like few more private customers; will
call for dictation and return same tran-
scribed; rates reasonable; good opportunity
for parties not requiring a stenographer all
day. Box 4083, Call office.
WANTED— By competent Danish girl, situation
to do second work; best of references. Box
4086. Call office. ¦
WANTED— By a competent Scandinavian cook,
situation in small American family. Box
40S5. Call office.
AN experienced first-class hotel housekeeper
desires a position in first-class hotel or sum-
mer resort; Is not afraid of work; can give
the best of references from former employ-
ers. Address 610 Jones St.; tel. Larkln 862.
YOUNG lady wishes position as seamstress In
a private family. Box 3811, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, thoroughly
competent, with best of references, wishes
position. Box 4053, Call office.
LADY nurse going to Seattle would take
charge of Invalid or baby; traveling expenses.
Box 3813. Call office.
A YOUNG woman .wants laundry work by the
day; can furnish references; car fare ex-
pected. Address M. S., 404 Linden ave.
NEAT, reliable needlo woman wishes a
few more engagements; plain sewing and
mending for families or individuals; will
take work home. Box 4096, Call office.
POSITION wanted by competent Infant's
nurse; thoroughly reliable; first-class refer-
ences. Box 4099, Call office.
COMPETENT person wants place as cook;
willing to assist. Apply Monday at 711 Shot-
well st., between 21st and 22d and Folsom and
Harrison.
YOUNG' lady, 3 years' experience, desires situ-
ation as stenographer and typewriter; also ac-
quainted with bookkeeping: references. A.
M., care ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakl'd.
DRESSMAKER, with the best of reference,
wishes engagements by day; tailor and fancy
dresses, and work taken home. 10 Metcalf
place, near Mason st.. off Geary.
RESPECTABLE woman would like to work
mornings at chamber work or light house-
work, Sundays excepted. 610 Jones st.
WANTED— Situation as first-class French cook
by experienced woman; city or country. Box
4027, Call office.
AN experienced cook would like place in Napa
City; wages $25 or $30. Address 811 Geary.
GOOD all around cook wants situation to cook
for boarders. MRS. P.. 304 Stockton St.
STRONG, good, willing, woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references; wages $1 per day and car fare;
good wagher flannels. 726 Mission, downstairs.
WANTED— By experienced girl, general house-
work; stranger in city; can give reference.
Apply 423 Franklin st.
COMPETENT German nursery governess wish-
es position; dtv or country; good seamstress.
Addres3 Governess, Call branch, 300 Hayes.
WOMAN with boy. place to cook for men;
ranch or. mining camp. MRS. MILLER, 670
Broadway. Oakland.
YOUNG Swedish woman desires position In
Alamrda as child's nurse or sickness; first-
class references. Apply 525 Eighth st, Oakld.
JAPANESE man, is good cook, and wif».
want situations with family In countrv.
FRANK TANOKA, 368 Seventh St.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage, to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Flllmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted ' as coachman and gar-
dener for private place; handy, willing, all-
round man; speaks German; Chicago refer-
ences. Box 4087, Call office.
TWO good men wish to -work on a large ranch
at same place; wages from $30 up and board.
Apply 224 Fourth st. room 3.
MIDDLE-AGED (German) married man, me-
chanic, experienced in superintending and
managing quartz mines and other business,
wishes a steady position at a fair salary;
. city or country. Address box 4091, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy, wants to learn to
make beds; will do other light work; no milk-
ing; small wages. HOWARD, 135A Sixth.
YOUNG man, strictly sober, wishes work of
any kind. Box 4052, Call office.
PLUMBER — Young man. 25 years of age. wants
to learn plumbing trade. Box S812. Call office.
THOROUGH bookkeeper, offlce v and salesman
is looking for position; willing to invest $200
to $300. Box 40S7. Call office.
STEADY, reliable middle-aged man wants
situation on -private place; city or country;
attend garden, cow, horses, etc.; moderate
wages; good references. Box 4030, Call.
LAUNDRYMAN; position by first-class wash-
er marker and starcher, city or country.
Box 4100, Call office.
AN experienced grocery salesman Just from
the East; also good merchandise packer;
moderate salary; good references. ELWELL.
. 48 Fourth st.
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender; city or country; best of references.
Address G. M., 1104 Larkln st.
AMBITIOUS, rive young man, exceptionally
efficient stenographer, desires position where
hustling abilities are required; go anywhere;
Al references. Box 4029, Call office.
TO druggists! Wanted— A situation; two and
a half years' experience; not a graduate;
willing in all; city or country; Al references.
Box SS56, Call office. •
RELIABLE middle-aged couple wish place to
care for or make themselves generally use-
- ful; city or country; references. Address A.
H. P.. 218 Perry st. - ' -
•GOOD Japanese boy wishes situation as school
boy. C. YAMADA, J. Y. M. ' C. A., 121
Halght et . .: ¦;';, v v_yr. ?u
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— MALiE.
RANCH foreman wants position to take charge
of a ranch; has had 15 years' experience: can
furnish good California reference. Addrejs
box 4082. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man around machinery and
tools, also as porter, excellent character, ref-
erences, wants steedy position of any kind.
Box 4075. Call office. ¦ .
A RELIABLE man. 23 years of age. would Ilka
a permanent position; $60 security. Address
box 4074, Call office. ¦
FIRST-CLASS musician wishes position; cor-
net or violin. Address 832 Mission St.. room 17.
YOUNG man wishes a position la wholesale
house; references. 83 Shot well st ;
YOUNG man wishes situation In family; un-
derstands care horses, cows, chickens, gar-
den; good driver; best references. F.' 8.. box
3798. Call office. '
YOUNG man of collegie, commercial and pro-
fessional education desires clerical position
(hotel preferred); best ref. 1151 Market nn. 32.
COMPETENT rigbuilder wishes engagement to
take charge of a gang in the field to build
rigs and derricks. Address H. B.. 1063 Mission.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced (German. 35 years'
of age), wants position. ROETHING, 1214
Laguna st .
GENTLEMAN would like different engage-
ments; can do surveying, civil engineering,
architecture, etc.; quick service. Apply 1G33
Union st. :-\y?
YOUNG Frenchman. 25. highly educated and
speaking several languages, wants position.
Box 4020, Call office.
WITH good references. I want a place as cook
in boarding-house or Institution in this city.
Address YEE LING, 20 Prospect place, city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
*A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
FINANCIAL.
FIRST-CLASS SECURITIES.
1 deal only In first-class securities; the cau-
tious Investor can usually find something In
my office exactly suited to his needs; call
and see me. You are always weloome.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR.
Room 40, 310 Pine st
.BEST and safest Investment in town; 400
shares guaranteed stock In Smiths* Cash
Store; incorporated 1894; dividends 10 per
cent. Send for prospectus and statements
to BARCLAY J. SMITH. 27 Market St.. 3. F.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 338 Page st.— Modern top flat 6 rooms, bath
and laundry; sun all around house; magnifi-
cent view; select neighborhood.
A— 10 DAYS free: sunny 7- room, newly reno-
vated; 442^ Sixth st. near Harrison. $18.
A VERY sunny upper flat 8 rooms, bath, mod-
ern improvements. 29 Elgin Park.
BOWIE ave., 6, oft* Eleventh— Flat of S rooms;
cheap rent to small family.
DOLORES. 822, near Twenty- second— 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, etc.; modem.
FILBERT, 934— Sunny furnished flat, 5 rooms
and bath; piano; fine marine view; cheap to
respectable party.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 2229H Mission St..
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 669 Minna st, be-
tween Sixth and Seventh.
FLAT, 4 rooms and bath; rent $12. NW. cor-
ner Harrison and Fremont sts.
NEW upper flat; NW. cor. Turk and Pierce
sts.; 6 rooms and bath; $22.
SEVENTH, 46, opposite new postofflce— Flat. 4
sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
SIXTH, 536A— Upper flat, 5 rooms and bath;
rent $12; water free. j
SUNNY 5- room flat, completely furnished; mod-
ern; bath, basement and yard. 932H Guerrero.
SUNNY upper flat 4 rooms; $9. 711 Harrison
st, near Third.
SUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms and basement; $10.
110 Perry St.. near Third. .
TO Let— Elegant large new flat. Washington
St., between Scott and Devlsadero.
TO let— Flat of 4 rooms. 1331 Pino at, near
Larkln.
3 AND 4 room flats. 2 Hayward St.. off Harri-
son. $8 and $11; all clean and sunny.
3 ELEGANT new flats: Church St.. near ltth.
$25— SUNNY flat 8 rooms, bath, laundry, yard.
1650 Hayes st, near Panhandle.
FLATS TO LET — Furnished.
A NICELY furnished modern flat of 4 rooms,
complete; reasonable. 513 Eddy st.
COMPLETELY furnished sunny house, 6 rooms
and bath. In Western Addition, for term of
six months: rent reasonable to small family.
Full particulars MADISON & BURKE.
NEWLY furnished 6-room flat with piano, to
September 1; $32 50 month; no children; refer-
ence. 1108 Devlsadero Bt.. near Turk.
— *~~*^~"g?
furniture: for sale.
FOR SALE— All the contents of an elegantly
furnished flat of 7 rooms at a sacrifice on
account of removal from the city. GEO.
GORDON, 2015 Sacramento st.
NEW folding bed, latest improved style, with
full length mirror and mattress cheap Mon-
day. 305 Larkln, room 43.
FOR sale— Nicely furnished eunny upper flat,
6 rooms, bath; Powell, near Pine; no agents.
Box 4015, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 SO, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE of 10 rooms; aiso firewood,
planks, boards, beams; cheap.' 339 Jessie st.
FOR Sale — The furniture of a 7-room flat; fine
location; rent cheap. 1315 Stockton st
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
stoves: give us a trial. 1114 McAllister st
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
ART goods and fine furniture bought Indiana
Auction CO.. 117 Sutter St.; tel. James 141.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny. buys &
sells your bus. .merchandise, fur., carpets., etc
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,13CC Larkin: tel. Polk 634;
furniture & fum'd nouses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys yeur furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT c! Tr. HANSErr&^CO.'S..Phon9 Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, summer resort, se« party
here $20
2 waitresses, country hotel $20
Chambermaid to wait, same place $20
10 waitresses, different country hotels.. $20, $23
2 restaurant waitresses $7 week
2 lunch waitresses $4 50 week
2 chambermaids, same hotel tl5 I
8 lroners. city and country $25, $30, S£5
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .......TTT
Seamstress and do light work, country.... $20
Cook, came place, fare paid $23
Cook and second, country $33
Housegirls, mining town, fare paid $23
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nurseglrls..
: $1(7 $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st., phone
John 3321
2 waitresses, Stockton, $25 and room
3 cooks for farms, $25 per month —
Man and wife for ranch, wife to cook for
5 people, man to do general ranch work,
see boss here, $50; woman with one child
to cook on ranch. $20, see boas here Monday
Girl for country, fare paid, see lady here'
$20; 3 girls. $25. V ™'
WANTED— A large number of girls for all
kinds of housework in both city and country
call Monday morning. Apply to J F CROS-
ETT & CO.." 316 Sutter st. " v - iwo
WANTED— Second girl for chamberwork wait-
ing and sewing; references required; good
wages. Call at 2119 California st 10 to l"
a. m. or 5 to 7 p. m.
FOR Vallejo. practical Catholic girt for house-
work in small family (plain cooking): wages
$20. Call 1 to 6 p m., 344 Waller st,
SWEDISH or Norwegian girl; good cook and
general housework; small house; six rooms -
wages $25. 1915 Broderick st rooms,
WANTED- Twenty-five young girls residing at
home to learn overall making; paid while
learning. Standard Shirt Factory. Gough
and Grove sts., city.
KITCHEN help wanted for boarding house -
Scandinavian girl preferred. 11 Clay st.
WANTED— German girl to do general house-
work for Sausallto bakery; wages $20. 616
Green st. •
WANTED— Reliable girl for good plain cook-
Ing; assist with housework; $25. Call Mon-
day. 1610 Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Girl to do light housework: help
take care of children. Call at S953 Twenty-
fifth st, near Sanchez.
NEAT girl for general housework: small fam-
lly; wages $15. 160-Tremont ave.
WILL give a good sunny room for two half
days' work a week. 403 Hyde st
LADY to assist giving vapor baths; fair pay;
state age; good home. Box 2SS3, Call office.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
29
REAL ESTATE — CIlY — FOU « ALB.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO..
63S Market Strwt.
SOUTH OF MARKET IXVTBTiSEXT— NW.
corner: on one of ths best business streets : 100
xl23 feet; improvements. 4 stores, flats, 4 large
houses; rents $260 per month.
EDDY-ST. FLATS— J modern flats on Eddy
st; 7 and 8 rooms and bath: lot 23x120 back to
rear street; rents $1153; see this at once; price
$10,500.
DO~STO~S FLATS ON ELXJS ST.— Finest
flats on this street; new modern, up-to-date; 5
minutes to Market and Kearny St.; lot 2?:<x
112:6; rents $1740; price $16,0C0.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORNER—On
Jackson st; will sell for value of land; suburb,
unobstructed view of entire bay; 27:6 frontage;
2 new modern flats, 6 rooms and bath; flats
cost to build $5000; 3 years ago; bank mortgac*
$_00; erica $4600; forced sale.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS AT A SAC-
RIFICE— 2 fine, well built flats of S rooms and
bath, sunny side street; lot 25x137:6 ft; near
Buchanan st; price $3000.
8ACRnnC_D— PARK PANHANTJtJS RESI-
DENCE— Large beautiful home. 1 block from
Park Panhandle; 9 rooms and bath, sunny; $509
new bank mortgage can remain; larger mort-
gage can he obtained; must be sold; maka offer;
only $5000 asked.
? WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE— Ele-
gant modern house, 7 rooms and porcelain bath:
all modern Improvements; near Haight and
Steiner sts.; price $3250.
EASTON. ELDRIDGB ft CO..
838 Market Btreet
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION. » !j
TUESDAY, APRIL SOth, ISO.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. 633 Market Street.
PAOE-ST. RESIDENCE— No. JM Pag» it,
nr. Buchanan; elegant residence. 11 rooms S
light and sunny: very large lot B7:6_120. to Lily
ave. ; mortgage $3000.
MISSION FI1AT8— No. 1109 Treat *?».; two
handsome flats of 4 and S rooms and bath; rear
cottage and stablt; lot 25x112:1 ft to rear
street
POINT LOBOS AVE. CORNER LOT— SW.
corner Point Loboa ave. and Parker ave.; Six
125 ft
NEW MISSION COTTAGE— No. 1117 Sanchea
st. nr. 24th; new cottage 6 rooms and oat_;
all modern conveniences; lot 25x73 ft
HAIGHT-ST. FLATS— No. 22« to 28 Haight
St., nr. Buchanan; 3 flats. 7, 7, ( rooms and
bath: largo lot. 30x137 ft.
MISSION WARM BELT FI*ATS— No. 3674-73
Nineteenth st, nr. Dolores, nr. Guerr«ro: I
bay- windowed flats of 5. 5. 8 rooms and bath:
rents $53: lot 23x100 ft
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— Not 7»
Clementina st, nr. 2d; 4 flats. 6> 5. a. 3 rooms;
rent $43 per month; lot 25x80 ft
HARRISON-ST. COTTAGE— No. 3223 Karri-
son st. nr. Preclta ave.: cottage. 6 rooms; lot
23x100 ft
OAKLAND.
NE. corner Webster and 13th sts.: fine bnsl-
cess corner in the center of Oakland, undar
lease $100 per month; lot 60x100 ft - ¦
ALAMEDA
BE. corner Park st. and Railroad a-re.; fla«
business corner; well Improved; all rented;
tcrced sal*: lot 50x97 ft.
EASTON. ELDRDDOE & CO..
638 Market street
ALT. GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market «t
$2200— A snap; rents $24; near Jones and Port
streets.
$3760— A snap; O'Farrell st. north side; 40- ft
front: rents $40.
$7500— Four brand new flats; all rented, ITS;
east of Van Ness ave.
$9000— Grand Investment; 100-foot front; near
Taylor st.: rents $100.
$10,000— Store and 2 elegant flats; pays about
7 Mr cent net: all rented.
$12,500— Leavenworth st: rents $105; lot 85-
foot front: all rented.
$7500 cash invested and assuming a mortgage
will buy 3 elegant flats paying $98 over taxes,
water, etc.. monthly; strictly modern.
$18,000 — Howard st. downtown: flue 4-«rtOTT
building 1 , with basement: rents $125.
$25.000— Greatest bargain in city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented, and
: pays positively over 8 per cent net; within a
few blocks of Chronicle.
$25,000 — McAllister st.; 50-foot front; new im-
provements; rents $2000 a year.
133,000 — New improvements; rents $245; 60 feet
front; close to Sutter and Leavenworth sts.
$36,000— Mission St.; 70 feet frontage; down-
town district
1 $40.000— Grand Investment: few blocks from
TivoU: one tenant; rents $4000. a year.
$55,000— Grand corner: 60- foot front; few blocks
from OrDheum: pays 6 per cent net
$75,000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tivoli: old improvements; rents. S4C0.
Other bargains.
Ayrly A. M. SPECK ft CO.. 667 Market st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
$12,000— Union st, near Taylor: 25:9x123:9; I
modern flats and rear house; rents $99 60.
$8250 — McAllister st, near Steiner: 26:8x110;
house of 7 rooms and bath.
J70CO— Folsom st, near Fourth; store and flat;
rent $«5: 25-SO.
$5500— Buchanan St.. near Post; 24x87:6; hoas*
of 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
$5125 — Post st. near Baker; 25x137:6; 2 flats;
$5000— California st, near Webster; 23_137:«j
house of « rooms. _-•;___._
$5000— Corner Leavenworth and Broadway;
cottage and 2 flats; rent $41-
$4500— Pine st. near Buchanan: 25x110; housa
of 7 rooms.
$3900— Harriet St., near Bryant; 25x75; 3-story
building; rents $40.
$2S50— California st. near First ave.; 24x63;
house of 8 rooms and bath.
$3750— Jones st, near Vallejo: 45:10x58:9; four
flats : rents $40 50.
$3350— Clementina st, near Sixth; 20x80; house
of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
UNIMPROVED.
$18.000— Union, near Mason; 93:6x137:6.
$5500— Greenwich st.. near Taylor; 45:10x137:8.
$4S0O — Union St., near "Webster: 6S:9xlST:S.
$3500— Fulton st, near Flllmore: 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna St.. near Page; 25x100.
$2500— Cor. Thirtieth and Dolores: 26:6x100.
$1600— Florida st. near 18th; 50x100.
$1250 each— Dolores, near 30th: 25x100; 2 lots.
$1000— Emma st., near 14th; 25x90.
$850— Lake, near 13th ave.: 30x73. '
HAWKS & SKELTON. *
Rents Collected and Entire Cfcargo Taken
of Property.
$15.000 — Octavla St., near California: bandsom*
residence. 11 rooms; billiard room and l&rgr*
basement; large lot; sunny all day; sold to closa
estate. . •
Old Pioneer Hall, on Montgomery «t, corner
Gold, near Jackson; can be repaired for a few
thousand; will pay- well; good place for can-
nery.
$2500— Cottage, 6 rooms; Tennessee st., near
Union Iron Works; rents steadily $20; a bar-
gain.
$3C00— Lot on south side Chestnut st, west of
Hyde: 27:6x110; fine view of bay.
$5505— Lot E. of Broderick St.. near Grove; 62x
110; choice location for flats; a home or specula-
tion; w!!l divide.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery it
FLORIN L. JONES... REAL ESTATE AGENT
630 Market Street.
Fifteen years' experience In real estate business
in this State; sound Judgment; best of refer-
ences; reliability.
A fine modern residence In beautiful Pasadena;
9 miles .from Los Angeles; corner lot
8Ox2CO; orange and lemon trees; 10 sunny
rooms and bath; to exchange for 3. F*.
property.
$37,000— The n. e. corner of Van Ness ave. and
Broadway; 86:8x137:6; a choice corner.
What do you think about it? Call and
Rive me your verdict.
$26,000— Seven new modern sunny lower flats;
yearly rental $3090; lot 31:3x100; fla« In-
vestment; south of Panhandle.
$21,0CO— Three new sunny modern corner flat-,
near Gousrh and Sutter sts.
FLORIN L. JONES, 630 Market St.
EXECUTRIX AUCTION. *
We have been instructed by th? widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room house and lot. stable and outhouse*.
1SS Laldley st. cor. Fairmont at; lot 176x150. .
Cottage of. 4 rooms. 140 Laldley Bt.; lot 10Ox
110.
One lot, 50x121. on Palmer st. near Fairmont.
One lot ICOxiCO, on Laldley it., near Mateo
«tre«t **
Sale Tuesday. April 30. at 10:30 a. m .. oa t_»
property. -
The above property most be sold res-rdl«s_
of cost or value. This Is a grand dune* to
buy good property at your own price.
Send for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUNRO & CO.. Auctioneer-.
Oftlre 240 Stockton st. S. F.: tel. James 1541.
RUBENSTETN & CLARK, room 32. Flood
building— Some very desirable lots, houses
and flats for sale. See list in next Sunday's
papers.
Tor Additional Cl__sifled Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty, ; .
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
SAMPLES ladles* tailor made suits, size 26
bust; silk lined; cheap. 819 Post St.
FOR exchange— Large 6afe for small one. O. S.,
box 4049. Call office.
THOROUGHBRED .runts; white homers; runt
crosses; reasonable. 2041 Linden st, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
FOR SALE— Fine stock of chickens, all kinds
and sizes, from 10c up. Derby st, west of
Magee ave., Lorln. Berkeley; Grove-st. car.
FINE" suits, $10; dress pants. St 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearay st, near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren: 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome st, S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California.
GAS. steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston, 558 Mission. St., nr. 2d.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J BURKE. 129 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— To buy a San Francisco steam
laundry. Give particulars and address box
4008, Call office. . j
WANTED— A second-hand wall tent. Address
7 Seventh st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
________—-_——
A*-MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms W and 10. 906 Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGHTO
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages. etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
eecond mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 8d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business els»-
¦where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to rbtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
{500.000 AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 68.
HOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$1200 ON Oakland or other good property;
reasonable interest Box 2225, Call, Oakland.
8% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
CASH leaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. S21 Parrott building.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country. 6%. undi-
vided ints.: estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
LOANP on salaries without indorser or secur-
ity: Kastern olan. Pearson. 809 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Fansome St.. room 2. •
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORP.ELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or !n-
dorser. S. F. D'scount Aeencv. 143 Phelan blsr.-
MITSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 2 Chiekerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand new) $200
Hike new) $325 2 Helnes $315 up
1 Stelnway $185 1 Hallet-Davls . . .$465
And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence. Including Hallet Davis, Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50,000 In use Inmost
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co. 217 Geary.
ALL Dlanos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
AT BYRON MAUZY'S. 308 POST ST.
You are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric eelf-playing piano attachment;
can be put in any piano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano Is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
ilton, Splelmann pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest nnd largest house
west of Chlcaeo Is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 28.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LOW price and a good article Is what the
people want. We have both to offer In the
piano line. An upright for $100 and as
much more as you feel like payine. Call and
see our stock hefore buying. We can save
you money. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769
Market Et.
HAZELTON pianos; none better; special sale
this week of this and other high-grade
pianos; also bargains in second-hand up-
rights. DEWING CO.. Flood building.
f PIANO enaps— J60. $75. $80, $125, 1130; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
pain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
»t. CWckerlre »~ency.
AN upright grand piano; used 5 months; must
be sold. See owner between 12 and 2 at 521
Eddy et.
FINE mahogany upright, nearly new; a bar-
gain. 406 Grove St.
' A— $400; UPRIGHT grand, new, for almost
half. 216 McAllister st.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. E60 Hayes st
YOU can obtain a fine upright piano at a low
figure. T. H. KELGO. 846 Mission st.
PIANO, fine Steck, $50; must be sold at once.
79 South Park.
$117— MAHCGANY case Fischer upright 217
Geary St.. room SS.
A SMALL Chlokering uprieht. $125: 6 uprights,
eecond -handed: your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
! GENTLEMAN going East must sacrifice hand-
some 3-pedal upricrht piano. 618 Eddy st.
$45 UPRIGHT. S123 Knabe. $135 Steinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 170C Market St., you
can eet storage pianos almost for a song.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Stelnway,
Knabe and cithers. BRUENN, 20S Post 8t
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher I upright • piano;
nearly new: must bp Fold. 301 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE piano*: Fteck. Hartman. Con-
over «nd others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post
BARGAIN — Must be »old; nice upright piano.
prHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next HibernlaBank.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market i>t.. 4 elegant up-
rlrhtp at your own price. Shonlncer agency.
ETTPFRIOR violins, zl'hers. old and new. H.
MTTLLF.R. maker, rrnalrer. I Latham place.
r> ' ¦
¦¦ _£_5 IC BOXE s.
MUSIC BOXES — Paul Monaco, expert, and the
best repairer and maker on the coast for 15
yeRrs; line Swiss nn.'. American music boxes
a specialty. 760 Market st. bet. 3d and 4th,
south side: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness nnd the ripht party to deal with.
OKFlCliS AM* STOH*_5 TO LET.
>. ___J .---
CHOICE offices; suites; suitable for physician
attorney or dentist; J£2 50; also desk room.
SIT Market si., room 2.
HARRISON. 930— Store and 4 living rooms;
good location; $15; will be fitted up for long
term tenant. Apply 936 Harrison st
MARKET. 27—2 upper floors for storage or
light manufacturing; will be subdivided to
suit tenants. Apply on premises.
A— REDUCED rents: modern sunny offices; $7
upward: light water, service, free. 410
Kearny st.
LIGHT, sunny offices $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
els building, 927 Market «.,"
A LARGE store; 1158 Mission st, between
«_»___ and Eighth ; $13. v I
REAL ESTATB CITY FOR SAM3.
BALDWIN ft HOWELU
10 Montgomery street
$4000.
Bryant st, nr. Second; lot 25x90; 2 houses of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $43 per
month; investigate this at once.
$3100.
Lyon st. nr. Golden Gate ave.: lot 25x112:6;
cottage 5 rooms, bath, cellar, stationary tuba,
etc.; mortgage of $1000 can remain.
$3500.
Cottage of 6 rooms and bath, nr. Oak st.
and Golden Gate Park; lot 25x106:6; cement
sidewalk; lot worth the money.
$1750.
Price reduced; new residence of 7 rooms,
bath, etc; lot 23x100; Lisbon st, nr. "China
ave., 2 blocks from Mission-st cars.
$5000.
Rents $480 per year; 2 new bay-window
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; lot 30
feet frontage; vicinity rranklin and Bush.
$3000.
Rents $30 per* month; 2 flats and rear house;
Shipley st, near Sixth.
$18,000.
Rents $120 per month; large lot 60:9x100; 4
2-story houses of 8 rooms and bath each;
Larkln and California ets.; can be made into
flats and pay handsomely.
$1600.
Cottage of S rooms; lot 60x50; near Eighth
and Harrison; must be sold to close an estate.
$2100.
Cottage of 7 rooms, bath, basement etc. ;
lot 25x100; Vermont st, nr. Marlposa; con-
venient to Union Iron Works; house cost
$2800 to build.
$8250.
Rents $75 per month; 2 modern flats, about
S years old; always rented; key lot; Devisa-
dero St.
$12,500.
Halght-st. business corner; store below, 2
flats above; always rented; see these at once.
$4000.
Rents $38 per month; 4 flats; Treat ave.,
near Thirteenth st.
$1750.
Rents $25 per month; store below, flat
above, 5 rooms; 28xi>(); Church st, near Twen-
ty-sixth.
$6000.
Owner anxious to sell; make us an offer;
2 substantial well-built flats; Oak st, near
Buchanan.
$6500.
Rents $62 60 per month; very cheap; must
be sold to close an estate; 3 flats on Larkin
st, near Jackson.
$9500.
Rents $79 per month ; make us an offer on
this; 5 flats with large lot,' 35x137:6.
MADISON & BURKE,
' . Established January. 1858.
Real Estace Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
626 Market St.. opposite Palace Hotel.
Double house on Bush St.. near Grant ave.;
brick: rents $50: lot 38x63; $12,000.
$3000 — Beautiful 7-room house near Eighteenth
and Castro sts.; must sell on account of sick-
ness; lot 25x100; house in best of condition.
$2500— Offer wanted; brick improvements and
lot; Clementina it, near First; lot 25x75; $1000
mortgage can remain.
Cheap; O'Farrell st, near Devisadero; con-
tains 6 rooms and bath and stable; rents $25;
only $2900.
$5500— Broadway, near Octavla St.; 7 rooms
and bath; a nice home in choice section; lot
26x131.
$4500 — Twentieth st.', near Valencia; 8 rooms
and bath and stable; lot 28x114.
. $15,000— Beautiful modern house in ths best
part of the marine view section of the city.
$2500 — Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath.
$5000— Post st, near Baker; lot and improve-
ments; rent $33; lot 25x137:6; must be sold to
close estate.
$8500— Fine st. near Scott; 2 flats; rents
$57 B0; lot 25x137:6.
Laundry building with 2 flowing wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 168x120, on north
line of Lombard .st, between Fillmore and
Steiner; also lot 152x120 on Chestnut st, in
rear; resits $73 per month; must be sold on
account of non-resldenee.
$10,500— Fine vacant • property: lot 87:6x90.
with two corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.;
Just the place for a grocery.
$3600— Cheap; Sixth st. near Brannan; 2 flats;
there is good future for this property.
$7000— Harriet st, near Howard; lot 60x75,
holding frontage to Sixth St.; rent $56.
$1950— Florida St., near Twenty-flfth; cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 20x100.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
Real Estate Agents.
Houses Rented, Rents Collected and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market fit.
$12,500 — Page st, near Market; 2 nice flats
of 7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot 27x120; rents
$80 per month; mortgaged for $4250, which can
remain.
$9500— Buchanan st., near Golden Gate ave.;
3 modern flats of 6 rooms and bath each; lot
31x91:6 feet; rents $64 per month.
$9000— Haight St., near Scott; lot 25x137:6 feet;
3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$65 per month.
$6700— Scott st, near O'Farrell: nice pair of
flats and a cottage; lot 25x90 feet; rents $52 50
per month.
$6500 — 3 flats on Twenty-sixth st, near Mis-
sion; lot 42x165 feet; rents $65 per month; lot
runs through to rear street.
$5750— Nice corner In the Mission; upper fl.it
and store below; rents for $55 per month; street
bituminized and building built 4 years.
$5500 — Eddy Bt. near Buchanan: 3 fiats and
cottage; lot 25x120 feet through to Locust ave.;
street bituminlzed; stone sidewalk; rents $50
per month.
$5500— Busn st, north side; nice house of 11
rooms and bath; lot 25x75 feet; in good con-
dition; owner anxious to sell; make offer.
$5000— Nineteenth st, near Valencia; nicu
house of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x85 feet; rents
for $25 per month; must be sold.
$3600— Two flats and rear cottage nn Mima
st, between Sixth and Se-.cnih: lot 23x75 feet;
rents $32 per month; always rented.
$3300 — Silver st, near Third; 2 houses and
rear cottage; rents $38 per month.
$2800— Shipley St., near Fourth; flats ol 4 anl
5 rooms; in fine condition; rents $33 per
month.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG.
G. A. TURNER & CO.,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
11 Montgomery st, S. F.
$6750 — Two beautiful modern flats on sunny
side of street, renting for .$72 50 per
' month; Ashbury Heights.
12800— Two modern flats on the north line of
California st.; close to Central ave.;
lot 32 ft. by 137:6 ft.
$6000 — Three flats; west line of Mason st;
renting for $660 per annum.
$6500— Two elegant flats; Fulton st, close to
Flllmore; lot 27:6 ft by 137:6 ft
$3CC0 — Cozy residence of 6 rooms and bath;
"Webster st, close to Jackson.
$5500 — Elegant residence, 9 rooms and bath;
saloon parlors, etc.; Post st. close to
Laguna; lot 27 ft. by 137:6 ft; best buy
In .the market
$7250— Elegant residence, 7 rooms and bath on
Baker st., close to Panhandle; perfect
condition; cost $10,000; nearly new.
$14,000 — Two modern residences of 12 rooms
each;- Pine st, near Scott; renting for
$110 per month; perfect condition.
$3400— A beautiful 7-room home In the most
desirable part of Twenty-first st; sa-
loon parlors: in fact every modern con-
venience; Just being finished; lot 25 ft
by 111 ft.
$4000— Eight-room cottage In Al condition;
Capp st, close to Eighteenth; lot SO ft
by 122 ft. 6 Inches.
Call or send postal for full particulars.
G. A. TURNER & CO.,
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers,
11 Montgomery at, S. F.
JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine st, near Montgomery.
$4250— Howard St., near Sixteenth; fine 2-
story house with brick basement;* 10 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 32:6x125; a bargain.
$11,000— Rent $1488 per annum; a corner prop-
erty in the business part of the city.
$2250 each— Rents $23 per month; two 2-story
double flats, near Bryant and Sixth sts.; a
snap.
$5000 — A fine double flat opposite Golden Gate
Park and Stanyan st. ; rent $45 per month.
$8000— Rents $744 per annum; 4 flats of 5 and
6 rooms and hath at the entrance to Panhandle
of Park.
$22,500— Rent $1380 per annum; on McAllister
St.. near Laguna; 55x120 to rear street.
$2400 — Rent $180; Eighteenth st, near Dolores.
$4800— Make offer; rent $385 per annum; 2 fine
flats on Folsom st, nr. Fourth; always rented.
$10,000— Five cottages and lot 100 feet front by
82:6 feet depth; on Eddy st. near Scott.
$3750 — Rents $535 per annum: a fine 3-story
house, store and 2 fiats upstairs; on Geary St..
near Flllmore.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st
2 acres on Point Lodob ave. ; good house,
shade trees, windmill, tank, etc.
$4500 — A fine buy; corner; 2 stores and flat;
rents $45 per month; building almost new.
j4000_I_odern house 6 rooms; one-fifth cash;
one block east of Stanyan _t
$8750— Three new flats close to Golden Gate
Park; rents $85 per month.
$16,000 — An elegant corner residence on
Broadway; good marine view; 12 rooms, 2
baths.
$15, CCO— Corner lot and 4 flats of 8 and 7
rooms; rents $120 per month; near Page and
Stanyan sts.
$3750 — Store and flats; Stelner st, near Turk.
' $5400— Six lots, Laguna st, including corner.
FOR SALE BY .' "•
JULIEN SMITH.
Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery st
; $12,000 House
for $6000 '¦
Actual cash required $500 or $1000
MISSION WARM BELT...
A beautiful home; sun on all sides; cfo«s
line electiio cars. Further particulars at
office^ •
WAKE UP AND STUDY TOUR INTEREST.
- $2490— New S-room house, on Hoffman ave.,
near Twenty-third St., Hey man tract; now
building; terminus of Twenty- fourth-st. electric
cars; easy terms ; rent money will pay for it
and in 10 years you will have saved $2490 in-
stead of giving It to the landlord; I have made
over 500 people happy with homes, and am still
continuing. JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Butter st
A SNAP— -3-story residence (modern), 9 rooms
and bath; lot 20x80 feet; 2694 Folsom st, near
23d; $3750. M. McCANN. rooms 56-57, Mer-
chants' Exchange, California st
OIL. ' _ _
WHY do we sell so much of our B-cent oil
Ftock? Because it is reliable and offers extra-
ordinary chances for quick and sure profit;
send for prospectus or, better still, see us;
open evenings. PACIFIC STATES MINING
and INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st; estab-
llshed 1893. ¦ •
6 CENTS per share, Ventura Consolidated Oil
and Gold Mining Co.: fully paid and non-as-
sessable: Al investment: company owns 2400
acres oil land: also owns and Is now operat-
ing a valuable gold mine in Arizona. C. F.
MOORE, 935 Market st., room 6.
$150 WILL secure a promoter's interest (50fH)
shares)' in reliable oil company; responsible
business men behind It; only few vacancies
left: Investigate thi?. 613 Emma Spreckels
building, 927 Market st.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands in the
best districts; investigate; Fearless Oil and
Water Co.; a good investment; water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big., 464 9th, Oakland.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited. .
BEST investment In oil: new company. Room
34. 214 Pine st ; agents wanted.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sizes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
CHEAPEST nnd best in America— The Weekly
Call. J6 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postaire paid. ¦
°?5t_i A J_i^_:
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
rom Danies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA „ PETERSON, 301 Examiner building.
75.000 ACRES oil land in various counties for
lease and sale. ROBINSON. 36 Geary St.. r. 6.
PAIXTERS ASD nECORATORS,
WALL paper, window shades: roomB papered,
¦ $8 up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: onen even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist, R15
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
»• A RT.N K K S \V AN TKU.
WANTED— Doctor as tartner on new discov-
ery. Box 3898. Call office.
PATJ^T^^A^m^PEN^IONS;
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO D. CAMPBELL, Lawyer, Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy Co. have removed their
offices to 386 and 387 Geary St., where they
will be pleased to meet old friends and make
new acquaintances. The Star Hair Remedy
is the only preparation which restores the
natural color to gray and faded hair, cures
dandruff, stops falling and growa new hair;
not a dye; no stain to scalp or linen; clean
and pleasant to use; makes the hair soft and
glossy. Sold by druggists and hairdressers,
or at above address.
ALL patrons of the Hirsuitlne Co., St. Ann's
bldg., notice that I have removed to 31
Kearny st, rooms 10, 11, 12, 13, where I have
added hairdressing and manicuring; electric
radiating dry heat applied for the cure of
rheumatism, paralysis, etc., the only one in
S. F. ; oil baths and massage for poor circu-
lation, curing nervous prostration and many
other ailments. All these in connection with
my present cures for all hair and scalp dls-
eases. MRS. E. R. DUNLAP.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
In from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN, 406 Sutter st.
THE Microbane Medical Co., removed to 411
Geary st.. where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Microbane Medical Co., 411 Geary st.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary st, and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
AFFLICTED, COME! We will locate your
disease free without asking questions, looking
at tongue or feeling pulse and tell you how
to get well without knife, drugs or worthless
instruments; this Is not a faith cure, but
scientific methods of treatment. Nervo
Pathic Co.. 227 Larkln st
MATERNITY VILLA— Good home with bright
future open for brunette boy or girl baby,
age 10 to 12 months; also for adoption, pret-
ty blonde girl baby 1 week old. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
WANTED— Agents In every city to Introduce
Lillie Webb California Olive Oil Toilet Soap,
Cream of Rose and Persian Cream. Ad-
dress Griffith Mfg. Co.. sole agents, 614 So.
Broadway, Los Angeles.
WRINKLES — Call and see woman wrinkled on
one side, smooth on the other; $1000 forfeit for
a case of wrinkles we cannot remove. N. Y.
Inst. Dermatology. 105 Ellis st., S. F.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5: valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1839 Polk Bt., San Francisco.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st, between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— 5000 ladles to have all blemishes of
face and defect of form removed "free";
gray and bald heads especially invited; face
steaming, massage. 131 Post _t, room 3.
LIGHTNING Rheumatism Cure, 38 McAllister
St.; wrinkles removed, hair restored, charac-
ter revealed; faces and hands beautified; 1
to 4 p. . m. - .
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove v rugs. silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or c>jaln. at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth.Oakland.
CANCER curea at home by internal treatment;
no knife, plaster or pain; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Cancer Institute, 121
West Forty-second st. N. Y.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to leern hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
INFORMATION wanted concerning JULIUS
FRNJAK. Address JOHN . FRNJAK, 57
Clementina St., San Francisco; $5 reward.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3.17 Jessie St.
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat. ; electrolysis; 17 yearB' exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market St.
Ladies' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1191.
C LANDECKBR, 20 Montg'y — Watches cleaned
and repalred.no matter what's broken.$l;guar.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna;, restores gray
hair to Its natural color;" $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. . ¦¦ .
CHEAPEST and best In America — The "Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year f jr $1,
posta-e paid.
. PICNIC SUPPLIES.
17 CASES Imported porter, $10 £0 per case; per
dozen $1 75; 5000 gallons very old sherry and
port wine vintage 'E8. ?1 per gallon; 2000 gal-
lons old Riesling, per gallon KOc; per case,
$3 25; old McBrayer whisky, 3 bottles for $2.
FERDINAND HOLTUM, Johannisberg Wine
Vaults. 517 California st. -
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market St.. for finest wines and
liquors;, biggest house; open Sundays. j,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
~~- PILES. ~ ~ irfc
NEARLY. lOCO permanent cures here in your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference: no chloroform,
surgery or' delay from business, and no
salves for F«le. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1950, Call office. S. F.. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
i6 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
PHYSIClAXS AiVL> SUKGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market Bt, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all . diseases of the- human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mslllne. Jl per year.
. • PROPERTY WASTED. I
$10,000 CASH to Invest (as a whole or in part)
in Western Addition modern Improved . prop-
• erty that can be bought for 50o on the dollar.
Address, with full parti culaxs. box 4079, Call.
REAL, I ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
¦ 14 Montgomery Street.
$10,000— Sunny modern residence, close to Clay
and Buchanan sts.; containing 1J rooms
and bath; 37:10x127:8%.
$8500— Golden Gate ave., near Stelner «t; bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath;
in good order; 27:6x137:6.
$3000— Nice residence of 8 rooms and bath; on
sunny side of Post St., opposite Park;
25x112:6.
111,230— Northwest corner residence, close to
Golden Gate Park, containing 9 rooms
and bath; 25x106.
$10,000— Fine residence, sunny side of Hayes St.,
¦ containing 8 rooms and bath; in excel-
lent order; . improvements originally
cost $13,000; mortgage of $5000 at 6 per
cent can remain if desired; 26x110.
$8000 — Nice corner residence on 22d st, con-
taining 12 rooms and bath; in good
order; E5 feet ' front.
$3000— Tehama St., close to 3d st; front and
rear house; rents $33 per month; 25x80.
$6000 — 3 cozy houses of. 6 rooms and bath each
and high basement on Lexington ave.,
close to Valencia and 19th sts. ; street
bltumlnized; houses in good order; rents
$58 per month; 50 feet front
$2S0O— Grocery store property, near 18th and
Mission sts., consisting: of store and 4
rooms and flat of S rooms above; rents
$25 per month; 25xS0.
$16,000 — Residence on the sunny side of Howard
st, containing; 9 rooms and bath; part
cash if desired: 97:8x115.
$10,000— O'Farrell st. property, .close to Jones
st; 3-story house of 12 rooms and bath;
in excellent order; renting low for $03
per month; can be converted into flats;
25x137:6.
$1300 — Good building corner in the Mission; on
20th St.; 27:6x100.
$350— Sunset District; 5 corner lots; 125x100.
HOMES!! HOMES!! HOMES 11
On Very Easy Terms.
They Are All Bargains.
$7000— $1000 cash; Ashbury, near Fell; 10 rooms
and bath.
$6700 — Leavenworth, near Clay; 9 rooms and
bath.
$6250— $1000 cash; Cole, close to Haight; brand
new; 10 rooms and bath.
$5500— $750 cash; Lyon, near Oak; 10 rooms and
bath.
$4700— Brand new, up to' date house; Clayton,
near Frederick; 7 rooms, baths, billiard
rooms, etc.; $1000 cash, balance monthly.
$7000— Laurel, near Clay (Presidio Heights); 9
rooms and bath; $1000 cash.
$4000— Broderick. near California; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500 — Laurel, near Sacramento; 7 rooms and
bath.
$3500— Hayes St., near Central ave.; 5 rooms
and bath.
$2750 — Brick house on Powell, near Green; 7
rooms and bath.
$3100— $500 cash, $25 monthly; Castro, near
Twenty-third; 7 rooms and bath.
$2650— New house, 6 rooms and bath; corner
Utah and Marlposa; big lot.
$2600 — Eighteenth, between Utah and Potrero
ave. ; new house of 8 rooms and bath.
$2500— $500 cash, $25 monthly; Twenty- fourth,
near Castro; almost new; 7 rooms and
bath.
$2250 — $300 cash; new house, 5 rooms and bath;
Nome ave., near Eighteenth and Dan-
vers sts.
$1900— Colllngwood, near Eighteenth; 4 rooms
and bath.
$1700— $250 cash, $15 monthly; bay-window cot-.
tage, 4 rooms and bath; Twenty-fifth
ave:, near Clement St.
$1550— Must be sold; Twelfth ave., close to the
Park; 2-story house, 6 rooms and bath;
edst $2000 to build; a snap.
$1300— Montezuma st.J near California ave.,
close to Folsom st. ; 5 rooms and bath.
" They Are Bargains.-
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery at
LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery st.
$30,000 — Jackson st. Investment; east of "Van
Ness ave.; 8 flats; all rented; extra
large lot; total rents $170.
$3,250— Rent $32 50; splendid Investment; busi-
ness property in Mission; store and flat
in good condition; must be sold.
$9,500 — Post, near Larkin; good 2-story house,
10 rooms and bath; has two frontages;
fine place for a doctor.
$10,000— Maybe less; rent $97 50; brand new 3-
fiat building; large lot; splendid sun
and light; good location; Shrader st;
will always be a first-class. Interest-
paying property.
$4,000— Rent $40; close to Tenth and Harrison
sts.; 4 f.ats; all rented.
$7,250— Rent $840 per annum; handsome new
flats, close to Park; contain 6 and 7
rooms; all the latest conveniences.
$2,S00 — Rent S2S; 2 flats, 4 and 7 rooms, on
Union st, near Hyde; always rented.
Splendid Business Corner.
$15,500— Stores and flats; well established gro-
cery, barber and shoemaker; total rents
$125; large lot.
A Good Investment.
$5,750— Rent $50; 4 flats, well located at the
Mission; lot 80x114, of which 40x114 Is
vacant; very cheap.
McAllister st. Flats.
$3,500 — Three flats; rents $35; lot 25x137:6; as-
sessed for over $3500; offered at low fig-
ure to close estate.
$2,750— Must be sold to close estate; Powell st.
near Green; 2-story brick house, 7
rooms and bath. LYON & HOAG,
114 Montgomery «t
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery »t
FOLSOM-STREET PROPERTY.
50 feet frontage on the north side of Folsom
St.. between 7th and 8th; old improvements,
bringing a nominal rent; should be improved;
price J11.000.
RENTS $66; PRICE $6250.
Houaa and flats on Vallejo st. In good condi-
tion; always rented; lot 43x137:6; north side of
street; sunny and commands marine view.
NEW FLATS.
Two new flats in good location: 6 and 8
rooms: all the latest modern improvements;
rents $50 monthly; price $4800.
FINE HOME.
In Pacific Heiehts on. Vallejo st, with line
marine view: splendid house of 9 rooms, nearly
new; urice $13,000.
HOWARD STREET.
Between 18th and 19th, house of 9 rooms and
bath; lot 60x122:6; house stands on 25 feet; bal-
ance of lot could be improved; price $9000.
INCOME PROPERTY.
Rents $2130 yearly; price only.. $19,000; this
side of Leavenworth st.
MISSION HOME.
On 20th st., near Mission, 9 rooms and bath;
price $4100.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Business property In growing district; old
buildings: rents $75 monthly; should have mod-
ern bulldlnsr: price $18,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
Four flats near 8th st, overlooking baseball
grounds; rent $40; price $37. r .O; owner anxious
to sell.
CAPP STREET.
Six-room cottage and bath; in warm belt;
price $3100.
VERY CHEAP.
Five-room cottage, new, on Jersey st, near
Noe; price only $2000; on easy terms.
FINE CORNER.
In Pacific Heights; marine and city vie—;
must be sold at once; size 45x100; price $12,000;
offer wanted.
CHEAP LOTS.
9 lots In the Mission; 25th st: $650 upward;
very easy terms; will sell as a whole cheap;
a Koorl chance for builder. '
LotSr-Lots— Lots— Lots— Lots— Lot-
Pacific Heights.
Presidio Heights.
Mission.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
FILLMORE- STREET BUILDING LOT.
$1,300 each— Street accepted; 2 nice sunny lots.
CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$2,250— 2-story bay-window house of 7 rooms;
fine views; handy to Mission and Va-
lencia st. cars; 25x103:6.
PAYS OVER 9 PER CE5NT NET.
$5,125— Rent $612 per annum; 4 very sunny
flats: brick foundation; bay windows;
laundry, etc.; Mission warm belt; flats
cost $5000 to build.
AS A WHOLE OR IN SUBDIVISIONS.
$10,000— Beautifully situated Pacific Heights lot
75x127 :8U: Washington st ; splendid lot
for building flats.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
$10,250— Rent $370 per annum: 3 fine modern flats
of 7, 6, 6 rooms and bath each: on a
main street. Inside of I^arkln and Cali-
fornia: always rented: 27:3Hx92.
GOOD BUSINESS CORNER.
114,000— Rent $1140 per annum, or fully T per
cent net; store. 2 flats and house; 25x
100 with L 25x27: Western Addition.
• AN ELEGANT CORNER.
$23,000— Lot 206:3x137:6; Pacific Heights; com-
mands grand unobstructed marine
views.
Different list In each newspaper.
"We will move May 3 to room 2, seventh floor.
Mills building.
RAYMOND, BALDWIN & CO.,
138 Montgomery it
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
Real Estate Brokers,
'•. 41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
$21,CC0— Wholesale district; Beale st, near Mar-
• ket; rent $1520 per annum.
$1,600 — Manufacturing center; Natoma St., near
First; 36x75; 3-story house, 28 rooms.
This is a snap for a few days only. -
$4,000— Clementina Et, near First; 3-story
house, 14 rooms; rent $39 per month.
.$2,500— Cheap flats; near Valencia and Twenty-
fourth sts.: lot 25x98; always rented; 4
rooms and bath each. - ¦ •
$4,500— McAllister st, near Broderick; cottage,
5 rooms and bath; 43:9x137:6.
CHEAP LOTS. .
$4,000— Washington, near Cherry: 50x129.
S2,150 J -Steiner. near Waller: 25x91:6.
$3.500— McAllister, near Broderick; 44x137:6.
$1,100— Church, near Eighteenth; 27x88. ,
SI SOO— Devlaadero, near Waller; 25x125.
$1,700— Folsom, near Seventeenth: 25x122:1
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
. -41 and 42 Chronicle Building-.
OFFER wanted— 23d and Dolores sts. ; . 67 feet
on 23d st and 60 feet on Dolores; 2-story
building; store and 2 rooms below and 5-
' room 'flat overhead; will sacrifice. Address!
owner. GEORGE B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth St.,
Oakland. - I
EASY terms; new 5 and 7 room houses; marine !
view: bituminlzed street; sunny side Filbert!
St., between Broderick and Baker; half block '-
from ¦ Union-st. cars ; open dally. H. B. - i
PINNEY, 11 Montgomery st, San Francisco,
or opposite station, Berkeley.
FOR sale — 4 rm. and bath cottages; 52-54 Pros-
. sect ave.. Mission: installments: call to-day.
— HSyL^ VASTED MALE Con. j
OKNEItAL tailor wanted; 6teady «rork. M. J. •
O'Maliey. merchant tailor, Martln>t r Cal. !
l'OCNG man with talent for drawing to train
a* newspaper artist ; write for free lesson by
mail. School of Caricature. World building
New York.
WAXTED- By established firm, scheme or
»I*c:a4ty men to sell exceedingly attractive.
ERlcble line; special terms; unique induce-
ment!!; high priced men Investigate. C R
COOK. 21 W. Attvatcr st. Detroit Mich.
¦WANTED— WatchmaJccr; must be first-class;
stnte experience and salary expected; refer-
ences. Apply to II. MORTON, jeweler, 6an
Jose, Cal.
EOT to learn gas fixture trade. Applr II
HUFSCHM.IDT. 623 Golden Gate ave.
JJOT for office. Address In own handwriting
P. O. box 2S64.
FIRST -CLASS custom coatmaker. 310 Bush
street.
WANTED— First-cla?s coatmaker; good wages.
&3 Market st, rooms 3 and 4.
TAILOR wanted on fine custom coats; steady
work; gxod pay. 533 Natoma st.
METAL polishers and grinders; some with ex-
perience preferred. S. F. Novelty and Plat-
lng Works, CS-76 First st.
CARRIAGE painters. O'BRIEN. 500 Golden
Gate ave.
COOK'S helper; rru?t understand short order;
$7 week. 210 Towr.seud Bt.
WANTED— 30 carp<-nt*r.-: to builJ cannery- U.
T. VETCH & BRO.. 11C4 Webster et., Oak-
land.
WANTED— A painter; &OO<J fcmah han<1. Ad-
gr-ess C. P. FINGER, box 1SS, San .Mateo.
PENSION AGEN-T~EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.
A. R., room <0. Phelan bide. S36 Market Et.
EXPERIENCED apprentice boy on coats.
S_Mi Folsom st; call Sunday morning.
TWO good carpentirs at 2007 Fillmore et.,
Monday morning; come early.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor. VKRDIER. »S4
Geary Bt.
BOY or young man wanted to work I or 3
hours dally in exchange for thorough busi-
ness education. S. F. Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
A— Jl'Kr; PAYS $80 month sure; no work; han-
dle own money: in\ - eFtigate at once. Address
S.. box 4025. Call otflca.
Tl* ANTED — Wagon blacksmith. 537 Brannan
street.
WANTED— Plumber's helper. 14» Fifth st
Call Monday morning.
TTA1CTED — Two t)Ushelmen. Apply at the
Hub, 122 Kearny st.
WANTED at once— Two firct-claM preserving
men having thorough knowledge In the mak-
ing of preserves. Jams and jellies in all their
different forms; any on* not having had
¦ complete experience in this line need not ap-
ply; first-class references required; salary no
• - object to the right men. Address box 2745,
Call office.
•pUOF. JOHNSON teaches you to cook profes-
sionally belter than your mother-in-law, 64
ciogant sours from same stock, to earn $75
per mo.; 51 per lesson; classes daily. Phil-
anthropist Club, £23 First et, tel. Green 361.
WANTED — Man for" this section by old house.
eolid standing; $36 cash paid for 2 weeks'
trial; permanent if successful. Manager,
231 Caxton bide., Chicago.
BARBER wanted that will rent or buy a
nrst-elaFs 2-chair shop; revolving chairs; rent
110 month, including ga» and water, or will
Bell for $75. Cor. Tenth and Kirkham, Oakld.
WANTED— Reliable man for this section by
l_rpe manufacturing house; $36 paid for two
weeks' trial; eood chance for permanent posi-
tion at an increase. C. M. CO., P. O. box
1412, Philadelphia, Pa.
ULCHANlCb, engineers? electricians, etc.; free
scholarship In engineering awarded to few
well recommended applicants. American
fcchool of Correspondence. Boston. Mass.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and pu6h;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parr -ott building.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only; salary $1200 and expenses. Na-
tional, 2C2 Caxton bids., Chicago.
YOUNG man for grocery; must understand
care of horse; apply In person. B. K. TUR-
KLSON. Golden Gate. Cal.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C2 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER Fhop. 2 chairs, cigar stand corner
and living rooms; bargain. Box 40S1, Call.
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age.
Aprly at HALE BROS., Inc., 979 Market Bt
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
"WANTED— -Good polisher or washer and lroner.
Watsonville Hteam Laundry.
WANTED— First-class silk and dress goods
salesman; state a_e. experience and salary
expected. Afuly box 40M. Call office.
WANTED— First-class window dresser; state
age, experience and salary «xpected. Apply
box 40C3, Call office.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20<:. Boston House, S30 Howard Bt
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. oC2 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
PANTS pressmen wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 17 Geary gt
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35;
rot lees than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6
feet 1 inch, able to read and Epeak English.
For further Information apply at the Recruit-
Ing Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a. view
to cleanliness and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay Bt
beware of any cheap imitations.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
Fteady employment to right party and first-
class -rages. Apply to A, MEISTER & SONS
CO., Facramento, CaL
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c p*r night; $1 to $2 per vi reek.
WANTED— First-class cook for hotel; refer-
ences required. C. B. EMERSON. Susan-
vlllp. Cal.
¦WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army rhoes, SI up: Eollnfr 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRT have C0» pairs second-
hand Bhoes for sale. 60c up. 241 Third st
AT oa*h prices for tl p*r week, men's suits to
order. KECHAOT & CO.. 115 Kearny St.
TOVNC man to do Janitor work for his tuition,
F. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. «4 Third Et. near Mar-
k^ — 700 rooms. 2Sc night: reading-rooms; free
*t?us and bac«rae« to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22AQ Flllmore.
A BRANCH offio» for Call advertisements and
••tibscrlntlons has been established at 1094
•Valencia Ft.
HORSES AMI U'AGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale; also warons. buggies,
rfr:*, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
227 P.xth s--t. : auction sales ever J" Wednesday.
SDUJVAW * PO-X~. Auctioneers.
E. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
Sfl pesFion June 10. Catalogue by applying to
T.f. [_ Pancoast. pec. S10 Golden Gate ave.
FINE 2-F>?ated trap for >-al& cheap: almost new:
mu«t be Fold at once. Apply NOLAN'S
FtaMe. lCH California st. ¦
FOP. sale— Light ?pan of mares, camping
v.asron and harness. 1202 Mission et., room 2.
$40— PMALL, eound horse. 122 Henry Ft.
FEOOND-HAND 'adjustable seat trap buck-
board atri iharton cheap. O'BRIEN'S. 503
Goldr-n Gate ave.
t FFCOXD-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for eale. 277 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buckle*, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & S<~>N. 2117 Mission et.
GOOD business horses, natron horses, heavy,
_ Upl-.t. fs.st racers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wapon, 6lngle, also light
camping- wagon, for sale cheap. C32 Mission.
HOISES TO LET.
A^PmN^ED^Tj^TTlouseTto i'"iet Vsend for ci£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
PERRY, roc, near Fourth— House of 4 rooms;
rent J7 CO; water free. Apply G. H- UMBSEN.
14 Montzeir.ery £ _
JONES, 1S09, near Green— Sunny house with
S rooms and bath; fine marine view. Apply at
the premises.
HOUSE to let— 52 rooms and 2 stores, at 408
to 412 Broadway: has been thoroughly reno-
vated; suitable for hotel or lodging-house.
NICE sunny corner house. 6 rooms and bath,
$16. Corner of Hill and Church ets.. be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
ZiZ— 120S GOLDEN GATE ave., near Webster:
30 rooms and bath. AS1ITON &. GARDINER,
411 Montgomery Ft.
$45—8 ROOilS ami Jargre Ilnished basement and
large yard. MV, Dush st. near Franklin.
A— NICELY furnished £ rooms and bath; piano,
etc. 1112 Howard 6t.; J40 a month.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and «u>»scr!ptlon_
(•u«£v«2 fit Co." vrar>r_ office ?£>Q >t-_s_sr«.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
STANFORD University f—ounds— Comfortably
furnished houw of 10 rooms to rent for 2 or
3 months. Inquire of C. C. BEMIS. 3!4
Montgomery St.
WELL furnished home: Clay-st hill; rent $110.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY FUKNISHED HOUSES.
CORTE 1IADERA; furnished cottage, 4 rooms;
fine view. W. E. JACKSON, 612 Montgomery.
S\USAUTO COTTAGES.
FOR Rent— A sunny cottage In Sausalito; 10
minutes' walk from ferry; take the bus.
MRS. A. P. BELL. Elderberry place.
SUBURBAN RESIDENCES.
LARKSPUR— House of S rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; also 2 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, for the summer; no children.
Hox 4036, Call ollice.
IDEAL summer cottage: new; furnished. E. H.
BROWN. West End. San Rafael.
HOTEL TO LEASE.
TO lease. $100 a month, hotel of 44 rooms: cen-
trally located; south of Market. Apply, 3
days, box 1^38, Call office.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATEK.
HOT bath any minute for 2',£c: will flow boiling
water in 30 seconds; saves fire in range; call
and see it in operation; send for illustrated
pamphlet RIBBON WATER HEATING CO.,
Examiner building, room 607.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Between Byron Springs and this city, a
pair of sold rimmed spectacles in chatelaine
case: InitlaJs L. G. ; suitable reward.' 1303
Octavla st
LOST— Scotch terrier; answers to Fritz. Re-
turn 1901 Mission st. and receive reward.
LOST — Fox terrier dog; black and tan head;
black spot on left hind quarter. Return to
W. L. B. MILLS, 3007 Jackson st. ; $5 reward.
LOST— Cocker Spaniel; white and black, short
tail: collar duplicate doc tag No. 442. 005
Eddy st. and receive reward.
LOST— Small silver watch with gold tassel on
Sutter St.. between Mason and Kearny. Re-
ward at 958 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
LOST— Discharge paper of GEORGE HER-
man, musician. Company D, U. S. V. Re-
turn to 2747 Lombard st
LOST— Fox terrier dog, white body, black
markings over eyes; tag 3530; reward. 979
Post st.
LOST— Small buckskin bag, containing three
ladies' rings; finder will be suitably reward-
ed. . Box 4067, Call office.
LOST— "Wednesday night, between Orpheum
and Eddy Et. cars, gold brooch containing
lady's picture; reward. 322 "Washington st
PICKED up in the bay— 2 barges and 3
poontons: owners can have the same by call-
ing on I>T. MOLLER. 1310 Montgomery et,
S. F., and paying salving.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postare r>n!d.
.MATRIMONIAL.
»,
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10c for
"The Wedding Bell." IS Mason st.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis Bt.
MATTRESSES AM) II»HOL«TKHY.
M^TTRESSE^^ndnpillows'; teT Soutlh 792^
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned; expert carpet cleaning; strictly reli-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st
MEDICAL.
A — RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others: the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cafes are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods* guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Markt.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
Instant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market st.. next to Owl Drug Store.
_ — Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints In one
day; the longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain; every woman her own
phyilclan: can be sent: experience in all
cases for 37 years. 12 Mason st. near Market
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market, ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market St., nr.
6th— Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranteed
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; 26 yrs."
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: best medical care; low fees.
MINES AND MINING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER.
Montezuma Copper.
Montezuma Copper.
Montezuma Coal. ¦ )
Montezuma Coal.
' Montezuma Coal.
¦When tired of experimenting In other lines
of Investment do yourself a kindness by in-
vestigating th« merits of the Montezuma Mlrj;
Ing Company. "With its 24 copper mines and
2000 acres of coal land, with ample timber and
water, Its proximity to the seaboard, and
other advantages, which are fully set forth
In tn» prospectus, th'e Montezuma offers ' op-
portunity for money making that stands un-
equaled on this Coast to-day. In our adver-
tising of these great properties, and in pros-
pectus and reports as well, only the simple
unvarnished truth has been told. Examina-
tion of the properties will prove that we could,
with safety, have made much stronger state-
ments. We offer to Investors the privilege of
examining these properties at our expense.
Our special train will leave San Francisco for
the mines In Washington June 15 next Any-
body may go, whether he be stockholder or
not Our excursion folder tells all about the
trip. The prospectus tells something about the
mines. Both may be had on application.
For the purpose of hastening development
during the summer, the price of the stock will
until May 5 be ke?t at {he present low price
of 10c a Fhare cash or 12c on monthly Install-
ments. "We invite correspondence with pros-
pective investors, big and little.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Financial Agents, S10 Safe Deposit build-
Ing, corner California and Montgomery sts..
San Francisco, Cal. Telephone Main 5803.
PEOPLE holding Nome, Blue Stone, Koogrock
mining claims wanting to have same worked
on lays this summer will be pleased to hear
proposition. Box 4053, Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont fit.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large s*ock of saloon outllts on hand;
8*2 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
We can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAX, 1017. 1019/ 1021, 1023 Mission st, above
Sixth; write for catalogue. -
a_BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
rlne« boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. VfHITELAVV. 216 Spear Bt.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $350:
cctt originally $1000. UNCLE HARRIS, 13
Grant ave. -
SPECIAL for Monday— Ask to see the $15, $20
"and J2j tingle stone diamond rings; worth
double. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought,
cold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE,
£16 Mission tt r.
THOROUGHBRED eggs and incubator chicks,THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28,- 1901.
30
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOB SALE.
6HAINW AUX BUCKBEE A CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mill* Building.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER LOT.
$3250— SB. corner. 52:6x63:10 feet, with unob-
structed view of Presidio and the bay.
NEW BUILDING.
140.000— New E-etory and basement brick
building, occupied by one tenant; rents $2800
per annum; 16 years' lease: no expanse to
owner erceot taxes and Insurance; will pay
over 6% net: terms C22.000 cash and J1S.OO0
mortgage; splendid Investment; safe as bonds.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
$5800— Washington st.. near Montgomery,
•with two-story brick building; rented for $30.
BUSH. NEAR POWELL ET.
tCZZH — 2 -story house of 12 rooms and bath;
lot 22:6x30 feet; must be sold to close an
estate.
LOT.
$2000— Folsom St.. near 21st; 25x122:8 feet.
$700— Alabama st.. near 21st: 26x100 feet;
cheapest lot In the Mission.
$28,000— Cor. 14th and Valencia sts.; transfer
point; large lot, 130x100 feet; seven houses;
rents $176; should be improved with stores and
flats.
{8500 — Van Nesa ave. residence; bargain; lot
alone worth the price; contains 9 rooms and
bath; near Pacific ave.
$7000— New modern house, worth $10,000: Pre-
sidio Heights; 12 rooms and 2 bathe; 6 bed-
rooms; key lot 27:8-4x127:6 feet; has the sun
all day.
$19.000— North elde Broadway, with unob-
structed marine view; new modern residence;
7 bedrooms; 2 bathe; modern In all respects;
finished In natural woods; walls are tinted;
lot 40x137:6 feet.
LARGE INVESTMENT.
$140,000— Magnificent 6-story brick building:
dose to Union Square; pays 6 per cent net
after paying all expenses, Including taxes, ln-
«>uranc«, etc.; for full particulars apply at this
office.
MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$4$,09C — North side of street, close to new
residence now being erected by Mr. J. D.
Fpreckels; view of bay, Alcatraz Island and
Mount Tamalpals; absolutely unobstructed;
iinvt-a modern, substantial; beautiful entrance;
hall with three handsome stained glass win-
dows; hardwood floors on main floor and In up-
.•stalrs hall and three bedrooms; electric lights;
handsome fixtures; 7 bedrooms, 3 baths, trunk-
room, storeroom, furnace, etc.; large lot, 68:9
ioot frontage.
A MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
$12.500
North side of Vallejo St., between Buchanan ¦
and Webster; lot 40 feet front by 817:6 feet In
depth, with modern residence of 12 rooms and
J baths: bouse about 6 years old: Inspection
will prove this to be one of the blegest bar-
Cains in marine- view homes ever put on the
raerket; lot and Improvements have been ap-
praised by competent brokers at over $15,000.
-': IKVESTMENT-PATS 14 PER CENT.
. 17500 — Rents JS2 per month: south of Market
St.; between Third and Fourth; call at our
; office .'or full description.
LOT AND IMPROVEMENTS.
IC750— Lot SO feet front by 60 feet depth;
1 JL«avenworth 6t., near Broadway; Improve- !
Tnents are four 2-etory houses, renting for
tZZ 50: certainly an elegant proposition for In-
. vectors.
CORNER FLATS.
TSOOO— Corner of Buchanan St.; modern flats:
»«nUng for $G4; lot 24x81:3 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
t2l00— Fair Oaks st.. near Twenty-fourth; 5
rooms and bath; lot 25xlOS feet; mortgage of
$1000 can remain at 6 per cent.
II25O— Florida St.. near Twenty-fifth: lot 27x
100 feet, with house of 2 flats; rents $27 50; you
ean pay $500 cash, balance In monthly pay- j '
tn»nts of $36 65 or less if desired.
¦ 12000— 'West line Church st.; south of Twenty-
Uphth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
|16; modern; lot 25x100: a bargain.
ISOOO— Three modern flats; Jackson st., near
Broderick; rents $7S 50; for sale at less than
cost.
IC7G0 — Marine view; corner of Vallejo St., near .
Sonps; 34:6 front; Improvements rent for $21. '
$7750 — Reduced from 19000: elegant Presidio ,
•Heights residence, with 6 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 34:4^x127:8*4; fine
marine view. '
Eullders and home-site seeker*, attention In
particular — A parcel of land comprising several ,
lats In one of the choicest locations In the Mis- j
eion; accessible by five different car lines, three j
of which pass the property; to be sold as a
Whole or in subdivisions at once.
SHAINWALD. BL'CKBEE & CO..
218-220 Montgomery 6t., Mills building.
IF you are looking 1 f';r a lot to build your
home on and you want to get a desirable and
a cheap lot then read carefully this selected
list of 4 of the best bargains in building lots
In San Francisco.
No. 1, N. side Union (sunny side), E. from
Scott, 2 lots 25x110; elevated ground on the
hill, fine marine view, basalt blocks, stone
pavement, ready for building; very choice; only
$1500 each; cars pass.
No. J. W. side Sixth ave.. 25x120. near Point
Lobos ave.; street work done, graded, choice
lot, 4 lines cars; only $635.
No. 3, E. Bide Seven f .u ave., 25x120, near Point :
Lobos ave. ; graded, street work done, gas,
•water and electricity ready to turn on; Sac-
ramento and Jackson s.t. cars. Sutter and
Geary as well; only $635. Both these last two i
described lets are without exception the best '
bargains offered In Richmond for many a year.
- No. 4. a 50-foot lot on the W. line of Eleventh
ave.. ISS.feet north from Clement, on the ele- .
vated ground; this Is che highest part of Rich-
mond; the marine view Is very fine; this lot
was selected by a seafaring man; eitely and
sunny: 50x120 feet; electric care pass on Clem-
ent; cost $2400; price only $1575; street work •
<lone.
Sixty per oent of the purchase price will b*
loaned on any of these lots at C per cent. I
To builders and contractors especially their '
attention Is called to these 4 bargains, as thert .
Is a flue profit in the purchase.
W. J. GUNK. S30 California «t.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ¦
Realty and rents both going up.
Secure a lot from us and be Independent.
I.'.ro to $800— Graded lots In Sunset District; !
superb view; selling rapidly; $10 monthly.
$350 to $750— Choicest Richmond* lota: $10 '¦
monthly.
ITS. $100 to $35$— Level Ocean Boulevard, lots;
all bargains ; $5 monthly.
$75. $100 to $250 — Level lota near Ml«slon-st.
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
$r.00, tlOOO to $2500— Splendid cottages; remark- |
ably cheap; choice locations; easy term*.
Branch office. Ninth ave.. near H «t.. Sunset.
6OL GETZ ft BRO.,
64 Chronicle Bulldlnj.
•UNNTBIDE. "~ !
I1S0O— House of T rooms and bath: newly <
painted throughout*. «mall cash pay-
•-,,*. ment - b » lmne « ">• »»me as rent I
MS»-Ntw modern 6- room oottage: grand view .
worth $1000; must be sold; your own '
terms. V_
11250— Dctirabl* «-roora house; this property will (
t» sold for mortgmgt: payment ISO caah, '
baJanct $14 per month.
XNQLCaiDB
tltSO-Mods-rn house of < rwm* and bath; on '
..rv^E!* 10 ?..^*" P ear ««*»track: fre* water.
ISOOft-IWutlrul modern resident* of I rooms.
&*!&. po »»« rv «Wry: stable and other
, b 4 nd il? r ," : . ] awn « "o^w* and shrubbery: I ,
lot 100x111 :«: small payment down, bal^ '
met Inntsliments.
A. E. RUDELU
83 Sansom* »L, .
• _ Room I. first floor. '
IST&fc-Jurt oomnle.t»d. raotflo Heights art"I«to
rf«!atne» on Jarkvon it, war Uakrr; built
l>y (lay work; contntnlnt U tunny rootna, vtry '
huidKom*!)- decorated: Mosaic, mart!* and
ICnman brick finish; heaters, registers and 1
el«Tirlo wrx-lc*. and every known possible
convenience required In a first-class rest- '
donee; payments Ilk* rent tf desired. Apply !
on above rrcmlspa. -.
tir.no— STORE and dwelling; MCJ Sacramento '
' l iV,!!f*!; Bt ctn ' r : 'arsr« lot; $4000 mortgag*,
$i«»-3 nice fi«u: Pine «t., near De\-lssdtro: I
tnuot be snld this week. '
$3G0O— A fine bnrgaln on Clementina st. near i
Solars al n orfl $ ce. : "** • CCeptedi «— ,
$175— Worth $300; great snap In Holly Park
lot; East Park st. • level.
McEWEX BROS.. 1U Montgomery st. '
FOR sale as a whole or In subdivisions; 60- '
vara lot; eouth line Union st.; 187:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot, northeast comer Green and
Pierce sts., 10S:6xlS7:« feet Inquire of .
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker
"24 Montgomery st.
STOP PAYING RENT. ~~
You want home, here Is genuine bargain. 4
rooms, stable. lot 114x25, plank driveway i
cement sidewalk, bltumlnized block; must be. I
sold; call; don't delay; $1150 asked: make
offer. Owner, 415 Twenty-ninth et.: Mission
Ft. cars pass door.
?2350-BARGAIN; S flats; rent $25; on Vallejo
et.. near Leavenworth. Inquire 1128 Vallejo.
$rrCK>— 6-room "Vjuses on easy terms on Eliza-
beth, near Douglass. J. ANDERSON, builder. '
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole St.; open dally.
€-ROOM homes on Clipper, bet. Church and
Sanchez. II. FEIGE, builder; easy, terms. .
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. CUNN. S30 California st.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Ealisbury,builder,1333 v Market.
FOR the beet located lots. In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn, 630 California.
. REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
A FINE purchase— The 'cheapest lots In Rich-
mond; only 2 left out of the tract; choice and
well located, with all the street work done;
brick sewers In and graded; ready for build-
ing; 26x120 each; 1 lot on Sixth ave., 1 lot on
Seventh ave.. near Point Lobos ave.: easy of
access; the Jackson and Sacramento st. cars
pass on Sixth ave.; the Geary and branch of
Sutter Bt. care within a few steps; 4 lines to
i choose from; price only $635 each; gas, water
r and electricity ready to turn on; both these
J lots are a prize for a contractor and builder
» to buy to build houses on; they were ap-
praised at $900 eAch in the Probate Court.
• W. J. GUNN. 530 California Et.
FOR Sale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
• 8 rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
: REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
1 «y—^..-..-. rn-. „,-.-. ,-.-..-.,-..-.r.T. n n n f^^r^ - L nJV^lJ^rlJ^^J^^^ J^-rxfLn.ri/
O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
$1150— One acre adjoining Santa Rosa; in full-
bearing fruit: good buildings. j
160 acres— East of Llvermore. Alameda County;
place all in grain; will be sold very
' cheap and $3000 carried* on mortgage at
a low rate of interest.
r $6000—120 acres adjoining S. P. station near
Sacramento; all under cultivation; 13
1 acres in full-bearing olives; good 7-room
house; out-buildings; all fenced; well
watered: a money-making ranch,
t 18 acres— On Menlo road from Redwood City:
J all fenced and under cultivation; only
$200 per acre.
$1350—5 acres at Napa City: Prood hard-finished
'house: running water through the place;
6 chicken houses: 130 full-bearing fruit
i trees; one of the best and cheapest small
chicken ranches in Napa County; sold on
easy terms.
" $2175 — 19 acres at Brent^vood, Contra Costa
¦ County; nearly 2000 papershell almond
¦ trees in full bearing; peaches, apricots,
¦ pears and fig trees; good house.
For Rent— Modern 11-room house at San Mateo,
o/i Ellsworth st.; for summer or perma-
nent.
: R. S. BROWNE, Country Department.
I , ~
BEAUTIFUL SAN MATEO.
IDEAL SUBURBAN HOMES.
MILD CLIMATE.
I Only forty minutes ride from the city, on
, the scenic overland coast road; picturesque
' elevated sites on the Bowie estate; the cream
! of It all: 5 to 15 minutes' walk to the station;
. i water supply guaranteed.
'¦ Do you love golf, polo, yachting, sea bathing?
I .
San Mateo, famous the country over as the
.home of all outdoor sports. Do you want a
home there ? See
McAFEE BROTHERS, 108 Montgomery st.
' ' THE MEZES TRACT AT BELMONT.
Containing over 500 acres, with many beau-
. tlful lots, covered with oaks and other trees,
and commanding grand view; within one hour
i of the city; in subdivisions; price only $75 per
acre and up.
For maps and particulars address
McAFEE BROTHERS,
; I 108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
! FARMING and other property In various parts
of California for sale. Catalogue on applica-
tion to BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO..
_6 California st, San Francisco.
$3000— A FINE ranch of 67 acres; in San Ra-
mon Valley, Contra Costa Co.; all In grain
and fruit trees; 3 springs of fine water; house
7 rooms: barn: well fenced: must be sold on
account of settlement of an estate..
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
' A BEAUTIFUL home: U-acre fruit ranch:
trees in full bearing this year: hard-finished
house. 7 rooms and bath, furniture, horse,
vehicles, a good well; cheap for cash; owner
going East. Call or address J. WOOD, 2619
Clay st.
FOR SALE— Reasonable ; a nice farm of 55
I acres of good level land near town; well im-
proved; all fenced; plenty of good water;
with or without crop: owner must sell on ac-
count of 111 health; terms to suit. Apply to
J. HILLEBRAND, Livermore, Cal.
OIL land, farms, stock ranges, garden land in
the oil belt at very low prices: any sized
j tract. For Illustrated circular and terms call
j on or write to J. F. BECKETT. Arroyo
I Grande, San Luis Oblspo County, Cal. Don't
fail to see these lands If you want bargains.
100 ACRES first-class land; Portola Valley; 6
miles from Redwood City: 65 acres under cul-
'tivatlon; running stream; new house, 7
rooms; shrubbery, flowers, etc.; will be sold
at a sacrifice. James Mason, 425 California Bt.
FOR SALE— Ranch of late A. P. Towne, 1000
acres at Point San Pedro, two miles from San
Rafael. Marin County; has water frontapre of
two miles on San Francisco Bay. Address
| GEORGE A. WOODBURY. Beverly, Mass.
: $6000—600 ACRES adjoining Redding: close to
the northern oil fields; similar formation:
will be sold at a bargain, as cash Is needed.
Box 2886. Call office.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent, 719
Market St.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scribing farms for dale all over this State.
RUBENSTEIN & CLARK, room 32 Flood build-
lng— Choice ranches and vineyards for sale.
See list In next Sunday's papers. Kings
County lands a specialty.
BUY in Napa County: no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturlat." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELP, Petaluma. Cal.
NEW house, with 1H acres of land for sale.
N. BUCKLEY, P. O. box 174. Petaluma, Cal.
WRITE J. W. horn. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
frw <»oi>t of Ronoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR" S ALE— in Ross VaiieyT"7 minutes' walk
frcm San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200;
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sansome st.
REAL ESTATB TO EXCHMVGB.
160 ACRES of land at $25 per acre, near Spo-
kane, Wash. : 40 acres Improved ; free and
clear of incumbrance; would like to exchange
for Improved city property in or near San
Francisco, Cal.: property must be clear of In-
cumbrance: I may assume a small Incum-
brance If the property brings a good Income.
SERGEANT M. MARKESON. Company F,
Thirty-fifth Infantry. U. S. V.. Presidio.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATB.
$300— LOT 45x150, with 6-room house; 1 block
from Park st.; easy terms.
$1150— Neat cottage, 4 rooms and bath; aloe
, garden; 1 block from Park st
$lf00— Lot (3:4x126; on Central ave.; 6 rooms and
bath; Installments.
UOOO— 6-room cottage, S blocks from station; $200
cash, balance $15 per month.
$2506— Lot S3:4xl50; sunny side Paciflo ave., near
Willow it.; fine oottage S rooms and
bath; nice garden; near station and
•ohool; terms to suit buyer.
»jooo-Lot 40x160; Morton St., between railroads]
up-to-date nsw oottage of • rooms and
bath; $500 0— h, balance $25 per month.
$6000— Great map; lot (0x207:1 on Central ave.;
, • . ; ¦ No. 1 10-room house, stable and barn ;
cost $11,000; ate this property.
• nouns butlt on the Installment plan to suit
Cheap bulldlnff lots and houses to Ut In nil
paru of Alameda,
II. P. MORBAL „ CO..
; 14M park at., Alameda.
FOR_CIX)SUIl_t Foreclosure 1 Foreclosure!
Call and see us.
We are offering great bargains In real estate.
I 8ome very cheap homes for sale.
I $1000— A fine 4-room cottage; a short time
built; convenient to trains and schools; a bar-
gain.
$1500— A fine (-room cottage tn nice location;
a snap.
$2600— A new (-room cottage on best avenue;
]u«t built; large lot; must be cold.
$2576— An elegant two-ntory house; tot 85x150.
GREAT BARGAINS OFFERED. THI8 WEEK.
And must be disposed of on account of de-
parture.
$3250— A fine modern 2-btory house; corner lot;
between the broad and narrow gauge trains.
$3500— House of I rooms and bath; lot 40x207;
windmill and fine stable; a great bargain.
A GREAT CHANCE TO MAKE MONEY.
Only $S50— Buys 600 chickens, Incubators, etc.;
all the furniture of a 6-room house; party can
make money; great snap.
Call and cet a list.
Greatest bargains ever offered In Alameda.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 1'urk St., Alameda,
And Room S25 Parrott Building, S. F.
Office open Sundays and Evenings.
ATTENTION!! •¦'•¦;
Great bargains In estates where the prop-
erty must be sold within the next 60 days.
Lots, fine homes, water fronts, etc. Call
early. E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park et.. Alameda.
$4500— LOVELY view; 8 to 9 acrea; Fruitvale
Heights warm belt; half mile to electric
cars; good house; fruit: water to irrigate the
entire place; off main road; no tramps; gen-
' tinman s. home ; or -dairy; -easy terms. A, G.
BURNS _ CO.. 1501 Park St.. Alameda,
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
For sale at a great bargain, 2\i acres of
rich soil; modern cottage of 4 rooms and
bath, hall, basement, etc: large stable,
chicken house; fine artesian well, windmill
—4. tank; choice fruit trees; price $2500; lo-
cated near Mills College; terms to suit.
$1500— Cottage of 5 rooms, basement and
attic, bath, etc. ; stable, chicken house, fine
well, v,-indmill and tank: lot 50x125.
$1375 — Choice bargain; new modern cottage
of 4 large rooms and bath, high basement,
good brick foundation, closets, pantry, chick-
en-house, fruit trees; lot 125x150; all fenced;
fine location; Just the place • for raising
chickens.
$1250— Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
high basement: lot 35x115; fruit trees; located
in the best part of Fruitvale; only half a
block from Fruitvale avenue; easy terms If
desired.
$1100 — House of 4 rooms, stable, incubator
house, 10 chicken houses: large brooder house;
7 brooders, incubator; lot 100x150; all fenced;
easy terms.
$1050 — $150 cash, balance same as rent; fine
modern bay-window cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
bath-room, etc.: high basement, good brick
foundation; 4 blocks from* local station; this
is a bargain.
S975— For sale in East Oakland: modern cot-
tage of 4 roonis and bath, hall, basement,
sanitary plumbing, etc. ; 4 blocks from local
train; easy terrr.s if desired.
$775— Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished; fruit
trees; chicken houses and 90 chickens; city
water; lot 40x135; all fenced; must be sold,
as owner is eoing East.
$700 — House of 4 rooms, stable and chicken
houses; 10 bearing fruit trees; lot 50x140; all
fenced.
•$675 — Cottage of 4 rooms, large stable and
chicken house; city water: lot 62:6xlOS: fruit
trees; 4 blocks from electric cars. For par-
ticulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNER. FrultvaJe Sta., Cal.
A SPECIAL NOTICE— The Home Building
Company has removed its office to south side
of railroad track on Fruitvale ave.
$300— Lots in Forest Park, 50x175; lovely local-
ity.
$1350— New house. 4 rocms and bath, mantel,
etc.; lot 50x176 feet; 16 bearing fruit trees;
small cash payment, balance same _
rent.
$650— House of 5 rooms, all plastered: lot
60x150; city water: 1 block from Hay-
wards car line; this is a bargain.
$900— House of 6 rooms and bath; chicken
houses, barn and good well; payments
$12 60 per month; no payment down. .
$2500— Beautiful 6-room house, modern in every
¦ respect, in the center of Oakland; small
cash payment, balance same as rent.
$1600 — New modern hous* of 6 rooms and bath;
lot 50x124; 4 blocks from Fruitvale Sta-
tion; must sell.
$700— One acre, near Fruitvale ave. ; good local-
' lty for raising chickens.
Houses of all kinds to rent. Money to loan
In any amounts.
Remember this address — The Home Building
Company, Fruitvale ave., south side of rail-
road track. W. E, RUDELL.
LIST of property that must be sold on easy
payments:
$650— 4-room cottage; lot 50x140; all fenced;
city water.
$675— 4-room cottage: lot 50x140; fruit, flow-
ers and city water.
$700— New 4-room cottage; lot 50x140; city
water.
$1050— 4-room cottage, newly painted and
papered; 3 blocks from Twenty-third -ave.
station. See this for a bargain.
$140(V-New 4-room cottage; 50x125; all
fenced; bath, toilet, stationary wash tubs;
best part of Fruitvale ave.; lot cost $600;
never occupied. •
—EXCHANGE
Four lots in Chicago, 80 acres of fine
meadow land In Adams Co., Wisconsin, to
exchange for stock ranch in California. For
particulars apply to Fruttvale Realty Co.
LOWRY & SAXTON,
Fruitvale Station.
FOR SALE BY PRATT. ~~~
. • Fruitvale ave., near station.
Cozy 4-room house, windmill and tank; lot
37:6x122 to alley: 4 blocks from the station; at
a special bargain for the next 10 days.
$800— A snap. ¦ 5-room cottage within 2 blocks
of station; lot 37:6x100; lots of fruit and flow-
ers; easy terms if wanted: this place Is a
great bargain at $1000.
jMOO—^-room house: close In; lot 59x120; all In
fruit; small payment down; balance same as
rent. . .
Five-room house; -large lot, 118x185; all In
j fruit and close to school and car line: see it
and make us an offer.
Lots of others.
PRATT, Fruitvale ave., near station.
MODERN .5-room cottage: lot 37:6x130:' east
front; sewered; near station and school: only
$20 per month down; interest 7 per cent; for
only a few days.
17.85 acres of land; near electric road; suit-
able to cut up In half-acre lots; very cheap;
part on mortgage; long- time.
One acre on Fruitvale ave; 40 grown fruit
trees: east frontage; very desirable; fine
neighborhood: near school; on electric line.
P. H. BLAKE, E. 14th st., Fruitvale P. O.
$1050 — FOR sale by owner; modern cottage, 4
rooms, closets, bath, city water, 7-foot base-
ment; lot 25xlCO; half cash, rest as rent. In-
quire at 68 Tevls st., between R. R. and
Lloyd ave., S blocks from station, Fruitvale;
snap.
LOVELY home near Oakland: two acres, new
house, barn, windmill. R. 34. 214 Pine, S. F.
MIL— VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
Two-story; 3. large rooms, furnished; large
lot, chicken house and chickens, 1 dozen pig-
eons; garden Implements of all kinds; within
5 minutes of depot; price $1600.
Two-story; 8 rooms and bath; finished cel-
lar; 50x150; 82 fruit trees, all bearing; opposite
Episcopal Church; price $2300 cash.
One story; 8 rooms and bath, furnished; %.
acre; large redwoods in grounds; a bargain;
$2500; to rent, $40 per month.
Two-story; 7 rooms and bath and unfinished
attic; large lot, 110x200; fine site and view; an
elegant place; price $3700; to rent furnished $75.
One story; 6 rooms and bath; 4 acres; splen-
did climate; near Blithedale tract; price $5000.
One story: 8 rooms and bath; unfurnished cot-
tage; lot 60x150; rear cottage. 3 rooms; 5 min-
utes to depot; price $3250; rent $25 for 6 months.
Two-story; 10 rooms and bath; largre corner;
fine garden and view; price $4000; 3 minutes to
train. , .
Large camp ground: 3-room cottage; large
tent; orlglnar smoking tent: furnished; rent $30
per month. 3 months In advance.
Two furnished flats. 6 rooms and bath; near
station; $25 per month.
s7h. ROBERTS.
Real Estate anrt Insurance,
Mill Valley. Cal. 1
FOR sale— Lota, houses and lots or acreage in
beautiful Mill Valley. Apply S. H. ROBERTS.
real estate and Insurance. Mill Valley, Cal.
IN Mill Valley— A nice house for sale cheap on
account of departure. 626 Turk st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— U18 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ItKAl. RSTATEU
JM50-LOOK AT THIS,
Fine modern cottage of B rooms, bath, «to.,
high basement; only a few blocks from the
Central Bank; mortgage »«» can stand;
ale. open tawg.^ ft
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$1100-FTN_ BUI_DINQ~*BIT_.
Lot esxltS feet; tunny side; vicinity of the
hotel; street work all done; stone walks laid;
one-fourth cash: owner away; big bargain.
GEO. W, AUSTIN _ CO.,
IPOs Broadway, Oakland.
INCOME PROPERTY— $2600,
Store, flat and cottage; fronts eleotrlo line;
handy to station; flat loan $1500 f only $1000
cash required: will bring $30 rental.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
'."""¦ 100S Broadway, Oakland.
FORCED . MORTGAGE 8ALB.
$2750: cost $3500; Eaatlake 7-roomed cottage,
with high, floored basement; lot 60x140: sunny
side, with barn, fruit trees, gravel driveway,
stone walks, chicken yards, etc.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY.
Cozy cottage and large lot:* fronting on two
streets; owner out of town; chance to get a
snap.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland. .
WILL be sold at a sacrifice— A fine home of 10
rooms, laundry and bath, • furnace, etc. ; an
additional house in rear of lot; lot 160 feet
front by 200 feet in depth; vicinity, Linda
Vista; offer wanted. GEO. B. M. GRAY, 454
Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange— A new 13-room house
j and stable for cottage. Inquire at 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKL AND REAL ESTATB.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
Bank Properties.
SATURDAY, MAY 4.
2 p. m., at office.
YOUR RENT WILL BUY
A HOME.
Payments include principal and Interest.
A clean-up at your Price.
'At less than houses cost. ! . .
BERKELEY HOME— $200 cash. $20 mo.; 3025
Ellis st.. nr. Prince: bet. Lorin and Ashby sta-
tions; modern 2-story Colonial 7-room: bath; 2
mantels; fine order; 42x109; street complete.
GOLDEN GATE OR LORIN-STA. COT-
TAGE— $150 cash, $15 mo.; 1031 Sixty-third or
Felton st.; 2 blocks San Pablo ave.; bay-win-
dow; 5 rooms; bath; brick foundation; nice
order; 50x162.
LORIN STATION LOTS— $30 cash. $5 per mo. ;
N. s. 62d or Crawford St., S blocks east San
Pablo ave.; 2 lots, each 50x163. -
GOLDEN GATE COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo.; E3d or Mattie ave.: 2 blocks San Pablo
cars; 6 rooms; mantel; brick foundation: stable;
40x109; newly painted; choice neighborhood.
WEST BERKELEY LOT-$25 cash. . $5 mo.;
S. p. Carrison. 291 E. San Pablo; 33x126.
NORTH OAKLAND LOTS— $50 cash. $5 mo.;
S. s. 43d st.. 90 ft. W. of Market: 2 lots, each
50x100; near electric cars and new ferry.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE— $U0 cash. $15 mo.:
1913 Broadway: 5 blocks Park-st. local; cozy; C
rooms, bath; 50x125; shrubbery: nice order.
CHOICE CENTRAL EAST OAKLAND
HOME— $300 cash, $30 ma : 13S0 13th ave.. cor.
E. 18th St.; near. station; fine 2-story; » rooms;
2 toilets; 3 mantels; furnace; gas fixtures;
choice neighborhood; first-class condition.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $150 cash. $15
mo.; 957 E. 21st st.. nr. 19th ave.: bay window;
5 rooms; bath; lot 50x140: newly painted ;. fronts
electric cart; street macadamized.
TWENTY-THIRD-AVE. COTTAGE — $250
cash. $25 mo. ; 1127 E. 20th st ; 23d-ave. cars;
modern; 7 rooms; bath: fine order; beautiful
view; near station, churches, schools; lot 75x150.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— J100 cash; $10
mo.; 1007 E. 23d st., nr. 21st ave.; 3-room cot-
tage; elevated; 50x140; good neighborhood.
EAST OAKLAND COTTAGE— $125 cash;
$12 50 mo.; 1004 E. 22d Et.. nr. 21st ave.; cozy
bay-window: 4 rooms; basement; brick foun-
dation: 25x140: EiKhtly; near cars, school.
STORE AND FLAT— $200 cash, $15 mo.; 1570
and 1572 21st ave.; E. 21st st. cars ha)f block;
modern; double bay-window, 2-story; shelving,
fixtures; flat 5 rooms; bath; mantel; street
macadamized: 27:6x125; see this.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. COTTAGE—
$150 cash, $15 mo.; 641 Kennedy st. ; sta. 1
block; bay-window; 6 rooms: bath; brick foun-
dation; macadamized: splendid home.
E. O. CORNER LOT— $50 cash. $5 mo.; NE.
cor. 15th ave. and E. 17th st.: 42x90; near 23d-
ave. sta.: adjoins nice improvements.
FRUITVALE STA. LOT— $50 cash. $5 mo.;
S. s. Washington. 100 feet E. Brandon st; 25x
125: homes adjoining; 3 blocks of station.
TWENTY-THIRD AVE. STA. LOT— $25 cash.
$5 mo.: N. side E. Ninth St., 225 E. of 28th
ave. ; 25x100.
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash. $12 BO
mo.; First ave.; block power-houses: modern;
bay-window; 5 rooms: bath; barn; 60x150.
ELMHURST COTTAGE— $150 cash. $12 50
mo.; Third st., nr. Jones ave,; new; bay-win-
dow; 6 rooms; bath; 40x125; cement walks.
ELMHURST LOT— $25 cash; $5 mo.; SW.
cor. Orchard and Third ave.: Stone Tct.; 60x
140; 3 blocks, cars; powerhouse.
REMEMBER DATE.
SATURDAY, MAY 4. AT 2 P. M.
Write for maps. Call and be shown properties.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Salesroom 460 and 462 8th St.. Oakland.
$2750— ELEGANT cottage, 6 rooms and lot 70x
150; beautiful location and view; first-class
neighborhood; former price $5000; call and see
this bargain.
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$7,500— MAGNIFICENT residence and grounds;
palm trees and flowers, etc.; 12 rooms; very
central to Broadway and trains; formerly
sold tor $12,500; apply quickly; forced sale.
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
?S50— CORNER grocery and living rooms; sta-
ble, chicken-house and large yard, etc.; fine
location and good business.
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
$1500 — TWO cottages for sale; rents $18 per
month: Center st.; good Income property;
pays 15 per cent.
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$100 CASH. $10 monthly— 1% acrea of choice
land, covered with assorted fruit orchard in
full bearing; also a running stream, with im-
mense shade trees: no better soil can be had;
lovely spot and well sheltered, away from
winds and fog: near electric cars and fine
3-story schoolhouse; climate superb and
charming view; price all told, $1150; adjoining
•East Oakland. Call or send for circular, 455
Seventh st., opposite Broadway Station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Only $1975 and on easy terms — Fine almost
new cottage of six rooms, bathroom, ! laundry,
patent toilet, high basement; In fine location;
near West st.: the owner of this Is a non-resi-
dent and the place is offered for $500 less than
It cost a few years ago. when property was
lower than it is now; if you want a home, call
and see thin place.
Good bargains In all parts of Oakland.
JAS. S. NAISMITH, 452 Ninth st.
3 ACRES, Fruitvale; 7-room house; $3000; fine
chicken ranch. See C. K. KING, 952 Broad-
way, Oakland.
CONTRA COSTA Co.— 38 acres, near Walnut
Creek: finest land; stream water: no build-
Ings; $2100. C. K. KING, 952 Broadway, Oak-
land.
640 ACRES— Alameda County, $6 50 per acre;
near oil; also 11 acres near Llvermore; fine
home. C. K. KING, 952 Broadway, Oakland.
OIL land — Deeded and patented: McKlttrick
district; $8 per acre. C. K. KING, 952 Broad-
way, Oakland.
$1250— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; on Market
St.; lot 50x126.
$800— Lot 50x150; on 34th st., near Telegraph
. avenue.
$950— Corner lot on Market st.: 50x125: close
in; must be sold. C. K. MARSHALL,
HIS Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale at a 'sacrifice — A beautiful home of
10 rooms; modern in all details; stable and
outhouses; corner lot, 140x150 feet: variety of
berries and fruits; elevated ground and fine
view; sacrificed on account of departure from
State. For particulars apply to ALBERT
SCHMIDT, 1122 13th ave.. East Oakland.
$2250 EACH — Two new 5 rooms and bath cot-
tages on West St., nr. 28th; can be purchased
on easy payments; lots 28x140 each; must be
seen to be appreciated. Call or address A. J.
SNYDER. 467 9th St.. Oakland. Cal.
PAYING rooming-house In Oakland very cheap.
Room 34. 214 Pine St.. S. F. -
OAKLAND .HOUSES TO LET.
4 ! SUNNY newly papered furnished upper
rooms; bath; gas stove; rent $16. 1422 Thir-
teenth ave.. East Oakland station.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
$25—13 ROOMS; suitable for rooming-house;
rlsht in town, main street.
$9—4 rooms; bath; good location; sunny.
$17 B0— 7-room upper flat, with < bay win-
dows; new and sunny.
. $20—9 rooms; near train; good condition;
suitable for 2 families.
$15— Cottapre, 5 rooms; all modem; near St.
Mary's College. *
$23 60—4 rooms; upper flat; all modern; new:
In town.
QEO. W. AUSTIN _ CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$50— finely furnished residence; I rooms:
. latest style; in Piedmont.
$125— Elegant home; finest location: light la
town; near train to San Francisco.
f25 — Cottapo. I rooms: near train.
$6 l v-iti_ht In town; 11 rooms; finely fur-
nished; stable: lawn.
GEO. W. AUSTIN A CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAICI.AM) ROOMS. AN a IK) Alt P.
LOVELY furnished rooms, with excellent board
in private family, for adults. 614 »8d st.
OAKLAND STORKS TO LET.
DENTISTS and phynictans, attention— Com-
, modtous offices to l«t: best location: electrlo
elevator' sen-ice. Abrahamson building, cor.
Thirteenth and Washington sts.. Oakland.
OAKUM) FURNITURES FOR SALH.
?N Introduction to you from H. Scneiihaas, t_»
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR UOUSISKISKtPlNO.
BIRCH ave., «17H— S housekeeping rooms, $3.
Apply 648 Grove st
ELLIS, 639, comer Larkln— Sunny front room,
$11; with kitchen and fuel. $15.
FOLSOM, 810 — Sunny front room and kitchen,
furn. complete; man and wife; no children.
FOURTH, 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single.
FULTON, 80S— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
coal stove; yard and basement.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suites of 2 and 3 rooms, nicely fur.; gas; bath.
HAIGHT. 222—2 nicely appointed housekeeping
rooms for couple; telephone; references.
HOWARD. 761%— Nicely furnished bay-window
EUlte; man and wife; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1119%, near Seventh— Sunny fur-
| nished rooms for light housekeeping; single
rooms. - '
HYDE, 40S — Sunny Dasement suite, yard, laun-
\ dry $15; also single. $6.
JACKSON, 1513— Two nicely . furnished rooms;
housekeeping; private; reasonable.
LASKIE. 27. off Mission, bet. Eighth and Ninth
—3 sunny furnisbe'd rooma complete for house-
. keeping.
ROOMS FOR HOrSEKEEPI-"--C«' n ;
LEAVENWORTH. 720. near .^ 1 t £ k^£ Uhe<1
or unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
LIBERTY. 129-3 or more *$£?*' Jg aV i8$? i
MCALLISTER. 416-_«e sunny £**££££
plete housekeeping? *3 a week up. iu«-»
and unfurnished; reference.
MINNA. 28— Housekeeping rooms and single
rooms, 75c per week.
MINNA, 172. near-Third-An «?«_"« ™" 8
completely furnished for heavy housekeeping.
with sink and laundry.
MINNA, 454—2 or 4 rooms furnished for _ouse-
keeplng; separate entrance. _____
NATOMA. 701—2 sunny housekeeplnr rooms; no
children. :
OAK, 119—2 sunny rooms furnished for^ house-
keeping: range; yard; *12; single front room,
same, $9.
O'FARRELL, 826— Sunny furnished basement
of two rooms and kitchen. ___
POLK. 622— Desirable furnished and unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
POLK, 1620— W; 2 sunny connecting housekeep-
ing rooms.
SACRAMENTO, 1514. bet. Hyde and l_-kln—
1 or 2 desirable clean nicely furnished rooms.
private residence; light housekpg. If deslrea.
SECOND. 212— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; reasonable and reepectable.
SIXTH. 243— Nicely furnished suite; also house-
keeplng rooma.
VALENCIA, 1232—2 furnished rooms; house-
keeping; gas; bath; near depot; sunny; gas
stove; all for |12. ___
VALLEJO. 1301— Rooms furnished and unfur-
nished for housekeeping. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. snd rnfora.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city: polite attendance:
large rooms. 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to Jl per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooma; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished,
BUSH, 1408-Sunny room; gas and bath; prl-
vate family; V. no sign.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished gunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DOLORES. 1356,, bet. Twenty-seventh and
Army— Large front sunny room, furnished.
EDDY. 445— Unfurnished basement. 3 rooms;
dry and sunny; large yard; reasonable.
ELDER ' Room-renting Bureau, 23 Kearny St.—
. Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS. 597—3 or 4 newly furnished sunny
rooms, ranging from $7 to $15 per month; will
arrange for light housekeeping if desired.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny front room.
$11; with kitchen and fuel. 115.
ELLIS. 705— Newly furnished rooms; use of
parlor and piano.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to
let.
FTLLMORE. SOU. near Pine— Two sunny front
rooms; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, 525 — Sunny furnished suite; front
rooms; $9 month.
FOLSOM, 625— Large sunny furnished suite;
front rooms; $9 month.
FULTON, S7— Large furnished room; suitable
for two; gas.
GEARY, 387— Unfurnished upper floor; S sunny
rooms/ bath and closets.
GEARY, 1137 — Newly furnished rooms, en suite
or single.
GOLDEN GATE ave., B21— Furnished rooms,
suites or single; meals If desired; gas; bath;
phone.
GOLDEN GATH, 730— Nicely furnished single
hall room, bath, $6; private; German.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD, 844, flat A— Sunny front room,
nicely furnished; private family.
HOWARD, 959— Nice front room for two, JT;
also single room, 15; private family.
HYDE. 133 — Nlca large sunny rooms; gas. clue-
ets and running water.
HYDE, 1026— Unfurnished large sunny front
room and bath, $3; furnished room, $8.
JESSIE. 363. nr. Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and $5.
JESSIE, 637— Newly furnished room In private
family; gentleman preferred.
LAGUNA, 808, near McAllister— Sunny front
newly furnished; modern conveniences.
LINDEN, ave., 364— Single sunny front room;
suitable for gentleman; apply Sunday.
MASON, 213'4— Furnished rooms; also suite
with piano; rent reasonable.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per. week; transient.
MISSION. 561. near Second— An elegant front
room; suitable for two: rent J8.
MISSION. 1704. cor. Thirteenth— Large sunny
furnished front room; private family; $6.
NATOMA. 245-Rooms to let. Jl. $125, « 50;
housekeeping rooms. $2 60 per week.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
OAK, 111— Large elegant sunny room, suitable
for 2. ¦
OCTAVIA, 418 — Large sunny bay-window room
to let.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window: sun. all day; mantel; folding bed;
Welsbach.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
O'FARRELL. 923— Large nicely furnished front
room. $10; hall bedroom. $3.
PINE, 803. cor. Powell — Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms; double or single; reasonable;
private family.
POND, 72. near Seventeenth and Noe— 2 nice
sunny parlors, unfurnished ; bath; $8.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4: open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nisrht. 35c to SI 60; week, $2 to
IS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 23 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 57— Either double or single room
to let.
THIRD, 87— Suite of rooms suitable for offices.
TURK. 128 — Sunny furnished front room lult-
abl* for a gentleman. $S per month.
VAN NESS, 850— Sunny front room with board;
use parlor, piano, phone.
VAN NESS. 830
Bachelors' apartments: elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references.
13 A MONTH—A nicely furnished room; tunny.
Bo- IS87. Call' office.
R?»m» ax » no a no.
O'FARRELL, (OS (Johnson House)— Elegant
larre sunny room*, suitable for family of
adults: excellent table: a!*o single rooms:
beautiful grounds: references. -
ERIE, 69. corner Howard— Day-window front
room: sun all day; with board; two; $jj.
FIRST. 323 (Philanthropist Club)— Table board
and sunny rooms, tli rer month. •
NICELY furnished nunny room with bc*rd-
private family. 9S6 Valencia, cor. Liberty.
R 2? MS .* n 2 bo * rd v P rl ees reasonable. 415
First St.. between Harrison and Bryant.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms: special
Uble: wine dinners. M7 California st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
_ADI_8-Ch!chester English Pennyroyal Pills
art the best: safe, reliable: take no other;
send 4o stamps for particulars; "Relief far
r * dle "^.. ll l lettep _J>y return mall: at dru«-
irlsts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladal.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mad«;
City or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
LEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, soil, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold. ' rented, repaired: needles and
shuttle*: fMinmil rat*« 145 BtV r>h«Ti» M'nt S
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 57_
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 723 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore ot : phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion at.; tel. Mint __ F. W. ZEHFUS8.
SUMMER RESORTS.
ELEGANT home In Ross Valley with heaatl-
ful grounds and surroundings; can accom-
modate a few boarders; table excellent; ref.
erencea. Address J. B.. box 4060, Call office.
LADY having own modern cottage would ta_«
2 or 3 summer boarders; pleasant, quiet place
for Invalid or old lady. MRS. H. JONE3.
Menlo Paik.
COMPLETE camping outfit at Larkspur for
sale, with choicest location of ground, for
terms, etc.. address box 4OS3. Call office.
TO LEASE. — ~
LOVXLT HOM_
To lease for a lone term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality in
Santa Crux County; only half a mile from
depot: consisting of about 23 acres of best
wine grapes and balance best fruit: apples.
cherries, plums, etc.: lovely oottage. fur-
nished, ajso horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.;
also fine winery and ««ooperage tor SO.OCO gal-
long. Bo~ 8^41. Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AS D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W»
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California: telephone Main 2G8.
MARRIAGE LICEKTSZS.
The followlnr marrlaga licenses were Issued
Antonio V. Brun. J7. Oakland, and Minnie
Lope». 20. M28A Stockton street.
Fnuik 8uUivan. 23. city, and Hannah Buck-
le jisiph C wT"pie<iuet.*M. JO Silver street, and
G S_SU^T 1 -3ng?. V_SoET_ __. c.
T w%&%J£K?»l city, and ___*• R_-
" e Charles C p. Jr 'Boetwlck. 88. Oakland, and Birdie
Vbe^W.^lfhrk Fre-ldlo, and Julia
Turner. 84, 1814 Steiner street.
cSarles B. Goggln, 23. 402 Grove street, and
May I. Dougherty, fa. 403 Grove street.
Maurice Arnold. 86. 131 Prentiss street, and
Elizabeth Roche. 29. 124 Prentiss street.
Emll Hogberg-. 29. 785 Stevenson street, and
Ingrtd Llnastrom. 23. IS13 Market "treet.
Oscar Storz. 26. 2013 Bush street, and Tran-
ces Bunzl. 25. 2036 Sutter street.
Joseph de Benedettl. 22. ISIS Stockton street,
and May Harbin. 19. ISIS Stockton street.
Giovanni Ballestra. 23. Sbc-Mlle House, and
Amelia Ravegno. 15. Six-Mile House.
D. Paul Cameron. 34. Mountain view, and
Florence E. White. 28. Cincinnati.
BIBTHS—MABEIAGES— DEATH-
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have tha same published.
BO-US'.
BTTRN-TT— In this city. April M. »«. to t_»
wife of George F. Burnett, a daughter.
DI__-In this city. April a. 1901. to the wlf»
of Phillip J. Dlez. a son.
GILL— In this city. April 23. 1901. to the wife
of Stephen A. Gill, a son.
HATFIEXJJ— . In this city. April 17. 1901. to t_a>
wife of Lenox C. Hatfleld. a daughter.
MARKS— In Portland, Or., April J7, 1901. to
the wife of M. Marks Jr. (nee Harris), a
son.
REILLY— In this city, to the w _e ot William
H. Rellly, a son.
SARTORI— In this city, April U, 1901. to tha
wife of H. Sartorl. a son.
j___RBX__X
JONES— UNDEB— In this city. April 17. 1901.
by the Rev. Father Hopper of St. Mary*«
Church. Charles Jones of Portland. Or., and
Corallne Under of San Francisco.
MADDEN — CLARK— In Reno. Nev.. April 7.
1901. by the Rev. W. P. Philips. John F.
Madden of San Francisco and Margret Clarlc
of San Jose. *
PAPE— SEILER— In this city. April W. 1901,
by the Rev. J. FuendeUng. August H. Pape.
and Clara Seller.
RBARDBN- FORD— In this city. April », 1901.
at All Hallows' Church, by the Rev. Father
O' Sullivan. Frank Rearden and Susan Ford.
DIED.
Aurich. Abraham O'Brien. Patrick
Bassignano, Susan 0*Donnell. Catherine
Buick, Mary O'Loughlin. Patrick
Ceirna. Kate Pfaff. Frank
Coldwell. Kate Philbln. Thomas
Collins. Kat» Price. Edward
Dacey. Rose Sexton. Edward J.
Dodge. Charles R. Simon. Mrs. Hulda
Duddy, Tessie _, Simpson. George F.
Grant. Henry E. Tollner. Wllhelm S.
Kloppenburg. Adeltn* Schmidt. Dorothea
Lovett. Marsraret Wade. Annie
McPake. Charles Willis. Robert
Noonan, David
AURICH— In this city, April 29. 1901. Abra-
ham, beloved husband of Pauline Aurich.
and father of Frances. Gustava. Carrie.
Charles. Leon, and Gabriel Aurich. a native
of Germany.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
d«nce. 1329 Laguna street. Interment Homo
of Peace Cemetery, via tha 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets depot.
BASSIGNAXO— In this city. April 27. 1901.
Susan Bassignano, beloved mother of Lu-
cretia Bassisnano and Mrs. W. C. Brown,
sister of Arthur. Owen and James McCooey.
and aunt of James and Thomas Comlsky. a
native of County Monaehan. Ireland, aged
4S years. (New York papers please copy.)
E_Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 308 Kolsom street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, where a solemn requiem mas'
will be celebrated for the repose of her soil
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Uo\
Cross Cemetery.
BUICK— In this city. April 27. 1901. Mary, be-
loved wife of John Buick. mother of 'Wil-
liam, Catherine and the late John Buick.
and slstec of the late Patrick and John
Nealon. a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land.
H_rFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her lata resi-
dence, 2514% Bush street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where ft requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CEIRNS— In this city. April J7. 1901. Kat»
Ceirns. a native of Ireland, aged S3 years.
COLDWELL—In this city, April 27. 1901. Kate,
beloved wife of the late John Coldwell.
mother of the late Hannah. John and Lulu
Coldwell. sister of the late Mrs. Thomaa
Fogerty, and aunt of Martin, Annie and
Maggie Fogerty and Mrs. G. Fay, a native
of Ireland, aged 45 years.
COLLINS— In the City and County Hospital,
April 27. 1901. Kate Collins, a native of Cali-
fornia, aeed 37 years.
DACEY— In this city. April 27. 1901. Rose, be-
loved wife of George Dacey, mother of
Theresa, -John O., Florence, Madeline and
Georse Dacey, and sister of Alexander,
Frank, John and Nellie Wilson. Mrs. U.
Klrby and Mrs. M. Schafflno. a native ot
San Francisco, aged S3 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertaker*. 777 Ml«-
ston ctreet. Interment Laurel Hill O*x_»-
tery.
DODGE— In the City and County Hospital.
April 27. 1901. Charles R. Dodge, a native of
New York, ared 73 years.
DUDDY— In this city. April «. 1901. Tesaie
M., dearly belovad daughter of John J. and
Badle Duddy. and sister of Oeorge A., Flos-
sie, Harry. Gertie and Joseph Duddy. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 11 montaa
and 13 days.
CT Friends and acquaintances ar« rwowt-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da^r
(Sunday), at U o'clock, from her P*r? n »
residence. *19 Filbert street Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
ORANT— In thla city. AsrH U. 1901. Henry
K.. beloved husband of Ellen Onmt. anil
lovlnc father of F.ildlt. Harry. Alloe May.
Maud and Uertle Grant, a native of London,
Bnrland, aged 44 years 4 months and 14 J.vy.
B3rFrl*nd» and acqualntane»« are r«sp«ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from th» parion of
the California Undertaking Company. 403
Powell strwet. mot Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carria**.
KLOrPENBURO— In thin city. April 24, 1901,
Adeline Dougai. beloved wife of Chariea D.
Kloppenbunr, only daughter of Marcella IS.
and the late Levl C. Matthews, and ulster of
Fred C. Matthews.
LOVETT— In South San Francisco. April 27,
1901. Margaret Lovett. wife of Charl«s Lov-
ett, and daughter of Jeremiah and Hanorah
Regan, a native of San Francisco.
E7"Ihe funeral will take ptac* to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
denre. 1441 Seventh avenue south, between
L and M streets south. South San Francisco,
thence to All Hallows' Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at W
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross
Cemetery.
Continued on Page Thirty-One
hbiNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Callagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM_R3L
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
JAMES McGINN, j
Formerly with McGlnnn Bros . has opened I
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St. bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 578. 3
_ UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and 23. Fifth st TeL South 1S7.
*CS____ DI__CT0_3 AND __B__i__3.
Finest Kqulpment at Moderate Rates.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
9-room house; lot 113x200; fine location;
only $4000
7-room cottage; lot 40x150; near station; I
only $2800
7-room house; 60x150; near station; only..$2250
9-room house; new; 00x150; near station;
only $3000
This Is a bargain; 7-room house; 40x130;
easy terms $2300
See this 4-room cottage; lot 50x150; easy
terms; only $1350
A new 7-room house; corner lot; worth
$4500; only $3500
TO LET FURNISHED.
5-room cottage; near beach $27 50
6-room house; furnished complete $30 00
6-room cottage; not less than 5 months..$30 00
7-room house; best location: only $50 00
6-room cottage; handy to trains: only.. .$35 00
TO LET UNFURNISHED.
Beautiful 7-room house; near station.... $18 00
A 5-room house;, fine location; only $18 50
New 9-room house; never occupied; only. $20 00
8-room house; near station.. $35 00
If you ¦wish to buy, sell or rent call on us.
We will please you. Open Sundays.
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park st, cor. Santa Clara, Alameda.
FORECLOSURE SALES.
Clerks, now is the time to secure yourself
a home; examine the following list; all prop-
erties in the very best locations:
2 larpe modern houses; 9 rooms $4000
3 modern 2-story houses: 7 rooms 2750
2 modern cottages; 5 rooms 1450
1 modern cottage; 5 rooms 1750
1 larse modern cottage: 6 rooms 2600
Address box 2229, Call office, Oakland.
$1000 THESE COTTAGES
$1100 Near schools and stations,
$1200 On terms to suit.
$2700— Modern cottage, 6 rooms; near Morton
Etaticn; a snap.
$2000— 2-story, 6 rooms, windmill, etc.
$300 and upward— Lots in all parts of Ala-
meda.
Furnished and unfurnished houses for rent.
Agency New Zealand, New York Underwrit- !
ers, British-American and London Insurance
Companies.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay station, Alarneda,
BARGAINS for Investors. »
Bargains for homeseekers.
Homes built on terms to suit.
Exchange for San Francisco property, cot-
tage (2 flats) of 10 rooms; lot 25x120; half block
from station.
Apply to G. R, DENKE. West Alameda
Real Estate Office, Webster st. and Cen-
tral ave.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
REAL TCSTATE.
Bargains In furnished and unfurnished
houses to rent. Also great bargains in houses
ard lots in closing up estates. Call and see
us. HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
2326 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
FOR Sale— New cottage, 5 rooms; Just finished;
Weber St.; at first cost; choice lots, Enclnal
Park station; 50x120: will built to suit; call
and set prices. J. H. YOUNG, Builder, 1243
Park et.
$1250— SNAP; elegant *iew modern cottage; 4
rooms; fine location: near station and school.
A. G BURNS & <"O.. 1501 Park Ft. '
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN. ' -— —• ~~~ ~
9-room cottage, bath, pantry, hot and cold
water, stationary tubs, hisjh basements, brick
foundation, stable and chicken-house; lot 40x
100; all fenced and cross-fenced; three minutes'
walk to R. R. station; stores, churches and
schools; price $1250; only $100 cash, balance $15
per month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorln station; office west side R. R. track;
open Sundays.
_> RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
5-ROOM cottage; all modern and In No. 1 con-
dition; 5 rooms, baili, pantry, stationary tubs,
high basement; fruit trees and flower garden;
windmill and tank; chicken houses, stable,
etc.; price $1250: only $200 cash, balance $15
per month; large lot; all fenced and cross-
fenced. Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
station; office ¦west side R. R. track: open
Sundays. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
__________
5-room modern cottage: stable, chicken houses,
etc.; close to station and school: 1 block to st.
cars: price $1250; only $150 cash, balance $15
monthly; bank loaned $1000 on this property.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station;
office west side R. R. track: open Sundays.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LYON.
FOR rent — A beautiful house, 6 rooms ' and
bath; large grounds and brooder and about 50
full bearing fruit trees; this place is fenced
and cross-fenced with wire netting; rent only
$20 per month. Take Berkeley train, get off
at Lorln station; office west side of R. R.
track; open Sundays.
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
$4500— NEW 11-room house. 2 baths; 2 blocks
to station; $500 cash, balance flat mortgage;
place will rent for $50 per month. W. C.
MORAN & CO. i-
$3500—8 LARGE rooms, fine mantels; rooms
can be thrown tog-ether; fine view; close to
U. C. grounds; this Is a pick-up; if you don't
believe it call and see for yourself; team al-
ways ready to take you. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
I45O-WHEELER Tract lots. V W. C. MORAN
& CO. , "
$150— ACRE lots. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$7500— REDUCED from $8500 on account of de-
parture; 13 large rooms; 1 block from U. C.
grounds on north side of 80-foot 6treet; lot
65x134: $3000 can remain on mortgage. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$1900 — NEW 7-room house on 80-foot street;
lot 60x140; half block to cars; $300 cash, bal-
ance $25 per month; stationary tubs; tiled
sink: porcelain bath. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorln station and Schmidt block. Berkeley.
NEW 4-room bay-window cottage; high base-
ment; electric wired; large pantry, , bath,
hall, etc.; all modern; sunny side street: lot
60x100; well, tank and windmill; chicken-
house and yard: price $1600; terms to suit.
OELLERICH & PERKINS. Lorln station,
Berkeley; 2 blocks to R. R. depot; half a
block to electric cars.
CALL and see the 12 fine new houses we are
building: five 6-roomed cottages, two 7-roomed
and one 8-roomed, one 9 and one 10 roomed
2-etory colonial houses from $1700 up; part
cash, balance monthly payments; office open
Sundays. QELLERICH & PERKINS, Lorin
station. Berkeley.
NEW. 6 rooms, 2-story, basement, bath; all
modern; electric fixtures; tinted walls; street
work all done; right at R. R. etatlon; this is
a snap; must be sold at once; price only $1700,
on your own terms; why pay rent when you
can buy a fine house like this and pay for
same as rent? Take Berkeley train, get off
Lorln station. OELLERICH _ PERKINS. •
$100 CASH, balance like rent; see these Berke-
ley bargains.
$soo— Cottage 4 rooms; lot SOxlSS; macadam-
ised street: convenient to Berkeley station.
$1000— Cottage 4 rooms and bath, barn,
fruits and flowers; lot EOxlSS; convenient to
Lorin station, •
$1200— Modern cottage 4 large room*, bath
and basement: macadamised street; 1 block
from Ashby station.
$1«00-One new 6-room cottage; bath, base-
ment, ete.
$2S00— One 2-story »-rooro hou««; all modern
appointments. ¦ H. D. IRWIN,
Railroad waiting-room. Lorin station.
13750— NEW l-itory house: complete In every
particular; thoroughly well butlt; street work
all done] near the electrlo cars and railroad.
$5000— Fin* new house of • rooms: lot ElxUO;
gas and electrlo ltRhts; excellent view of bay
and near university.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
$1750-rHOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; large lot;
street can pass the property; for cash or In-
stallments. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Berke-
ley Station.
$ir.00— 6-room house: large lot: all fenced; half
block to electric cars; 4 blocks to local.
$CBoO— Income property In center of town;
rents for $71 per month.
$S500— The finest home In beautiful Berke-
ley: lot 100x130; barn and all conveniences of
a home. : * .,,'
Apply L. S. QUACKENBUSH, opposite
First National Bank.
$580— HER! B Is a snap; pretty oottage of 4
rooms; lot 40x100; fenced; fruit and shade
trees; rood well; dirt cheap.
$2000— House of 7 rooms and bath; street
work all done; near depot and electrto cars;
rented steadily for $16 60 a month; this is a
good buy.
Fine 8-room house; 1 block from U. C.
' grounds: street work done: south frontage;
fine location: only $3500. MAY & MORTI-
MER, 2123 Center St., Berkeley. .
INVESTMENTS— New modern houses, near
university; bonton neighborhood; paying 1
per cent monthly on price asked; only one-
third cash required; big bargain; investigate-
build to suit you and "will buy lot in any
location on installments. H. B. PINNEY,
11 Montgomery st,.S. F., or Berkeley sta-
tion. • •
B RKELEY FURM HED ROOMv
$25— BRAND-NEW bungalow cottage; newly
furnished; porcelain bath; everything com-
plete; large lot; chicken yard; sloping lawn;
choice flowers; electric cars front of house; 4
• blocks from local trains. GEO. W. AUSTIN
& CO.. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
¦Wheat No. 1—
May 73% 74% , 73U 74%
July 74 74?i ' 73% 74%
Corn No. 2 —
April .... " .... 47*
May 41 4SVi 47V 48%
July 45% 46 43% • .4574
' Oats No. I—
j May 2614 27 26% V.
I July :;»4 SS'.i 25% 26U
; Mess Pork, por barrel —
I May 14 S5 14 50 14 35 14 50
I July 14 47% 14 70 14 47% 14 67tf
i Lnrd. per. 100 pounds-
May S 15 8 17% 8 15 8 15
July S 03 • 8 07% 8 05 8 07%
September 8 05 8 07% 8 05 8 05
Short Illbs. per 100 pounds-
May .. ' .... 8 22%
Julv "95 SCO 7 9!i 7 97%
September 7 92% 7 92% 7 90 7 92%
Cash quotations were as follows : Flour,
steady: winter patents. $3 S0fi3 DO; straights.
?? C0<S3 70; clear. $2 f-OffJ 40; sprlnp special, $4©
4 10- patents. $3 43C53 73: straight!". $3«f3 29:
baker*'. ?! SOflS 50: No. 3 spring wheat. 71%{?
72%c - No. 2 red. 74<T76c: No. 2 corn, 4Sc; No. 2
i vellow. 4Se: No. 2 oats. 27Vic; No. 2 white. 27HS?
27iic; No. 3 white. 27%©2SUc; No. 2 rye, E2(Ti'53e:
good feeding barley, Sl^.wc: fair to choice
malting, BCc; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 64; No. 1 North
wfFtcrn, $1 C4: prime timothy seed. $3 904?4;
mess pork, per barrel, S14 COG 14 65: lard, per
K0 pounds, $8 ToffS S5; short-rib sides (loose).
$S 10CIS 20- dry salted shoulders (boxed), $6 S7U
@7 12%;. short clear sides (boxed), $S 37%@S 60;
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 40ff3 85,
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. Me.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 82%c
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
SI^c; 4000, Sic; 4000, 81%e. (.
OATS— The market shows no change what
ever. Th«y feeling Is very firm, but the demand
Is not active. White. $1 37%©1 60; Surprise
nominal: Red. $1 32%®1 45; . Black, $1 17%©
1 27 1 4 per-ctl. . t»w
CORN— All kinds are quoted at $1 30 per ctl
and the market is closely held and stiff. Stocks
are very light, but the advance is calling m
fresh supplies, 700 ctls Eastern arriving yes
trrday. ' V ¦ '
RYK— 80<i7S2%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is ¦ quoted at $1 65®1 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
$1 .03%; 2000. $1 03%; 6000. $1 04; December— 8000
$1 09; 6000, $1 09»-i; 2000, $1 03%: 20,000. $1 09%.
Second Session — December— 2000 ctls, $1 09% ¦
12,000. $109%; 4000, $1 09H; May— 18.000, $104%.
Regular • Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctls. $1 03%; 4000, $1 00%; 12,000. $1 09%; May—
2000. $1 04.
BARLEY— The market continued flrm at the
advance • established Friday. The demand was
fair. .
Feed, M\@RBo for No. 1 and SO^Slvic for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping 'grades, 87%Q90c;
Chevalier, nominal. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued to
improve and there was good buying for Conti
nental account, chiefly owing to the unfavorable
reports from California and Germany and to
light Argentine shipments, which are only
about half of those last year. French crop
prospects are reported all that could be de
sired.
• Chicago was firmer on better foreign advices
and the Southwest bought freely on damage
reports from that section. The Hessian fly la
said to be getting serious in Kansas. Com
mission houses were also good buyers. Stocks
in Minneapolis decreased 415,000 bushels 'during
the week.
This market advanced again, both on and off
call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 03%@l 05; milling.
$1 07%@l 0S%.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, "60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 490
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 15
Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49ft © eo
Exchange and Bullion.
- Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The flrures ar»
from J. B. Llpplncott. hydrographer of th»
United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMKB RIVER AT LA GRANGE
SACRAMENTO RT-TER AT JELLY3 FERRT.
KING3 RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN
NEW TORK. April 17.— The Commercial Ad-
London Market.
WASHINGTON. April 27— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the grneral
fund, exclusive of th* fino.COO.COO gold reserve
in the division of i-odempUon. enow*: Avail
able cash balance. SlS6.lCl.s90; gold. $93,!16,CJ.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW TOILK. Arrtl J7.— The statement of the
associated banks for the week ending April 27:
Loans. $8M,4«4.*00; Increase. 82,277,600. Deposits.
tS70.780.500; Increase, SS,ESS,300. Circulation,
$31,314,900; decrease, U2I.250. Legal tenders.
$72,299,600; Increase, Sl.S61.20a. Specie. $187,157.
800; Increase. 81.473.W0. Reserves, taSJ.457,400;
increase, $2,735,000. R«*erv« required, $212,687,
63; Increase, t»7,S25. Surplus, |16,795,776; In
crease. $LSS7,C7S.
The Financier «s,ys:
The banks addea $2,735,000 to their cash hold-
Ings last week and as reserve requirements
Increased less than $900,000, the result is shown
In addition of fl.S37.C7S to surplus, bringing
the total to $16,759,773. Needlees to cay. this
Is a favorable exhibit, coming as lt does in
the face of an Impending gold movement. The
banks lost to the Treasury during the week,
but remittances from the interior more than
made up these decreases. The expansion of
$2,877,600 In loans is a moderate reflection of
the enormous dealings en the New York Stock
Exchange of late, and there is reason to be
lieve that the loan item, which has fallen
thirty millions of dollars since March 9 last,
will begin to reflect soon the results of this
trading. The requirements for syndicate pur
poses have been largely met and the decreases
that have occurred for six weeks pas; arc
traceable to the consummation of some of the
deals. The contraction, it is to be noted, has
had ecarcely more than an appreciable t-ffect
on the money market, but it lias resulted in
a flow of money to this center from interior
points, and this really has been the influence
that has kept rates on a stable ba>?ls. The
surplus reserve is about six millions in ex
cpss of the amount reported when loans and
<>p<wits were at a maximum. Considering the
exports of gold and constant absorptions of
funds by ihe Treasury, this ts a very satisfac
tory showing. The factor which will govern
the money market in the immediate future is
the problematical export of specie in payment
cl American subscriptions to the Britl&h loan.
Jt would be Idle to estimate With any preten
sion of accuracy the volume of gold which will
be shipped, but that more or less gold will
go out is regarded certain. With the reserve
at its present figure and with the certain
knowledge that ri^es In money rates will at
tract Interior .funds, the banks can afTord to
part with considerable ei>ec!e without ir.con
\en!ence. The tu>Mson is approaching when
supplies of goM win be forthcoming from orig
inal sources—that is, frcm Alaska, etc.. and
these will serve to replenish domestic losses.
Then, too. the approaching summer will wit
ness in ail probability h reversal of the Treas
ury relation* wuii the banks, so far as excess
receipts are concerned.
FLOW OP BIVERS.
For the consideration of the corn trade there
were reports of freer country acceptances. It
was said that country holders, who for months
have evinced a disposition to hold tightly to
their corn, were willing of a sudden to sell
quantities aggregating 1,000,000 bushels, as the
effect of this was to create bearish sentiment
in the pit. and for a few minutes Phillips, the
bull leader, did some active bidding to sup
port the market. He was aided by an im
provement in the cash situation and during
the remainder of the session the market held
steady. Business was comparatively light,
many traders having deserted to the superior
attractions of the buoyant wheat traffic May
closed unchanged at 4S%c. July closed %@Vic
higher.
Strength characterized the oats market, due
to strong cash demand and unfavorable weath
er. May closed %&%c fclgher at~ 26%fg)27c.
Provisions were dull. Buying of pork by a
packer advanced that product and held the
rest of the list against the easier tendency
engendered by a drop in hog prices. July
pork closed 12%c higher, lard unchanged and
ribs a shade down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO, April 27. — The market for wheat
was the broadest In weeks. May opened %c to
%c higher at 73^ic to 73%c and without mate
rial reverses advanced firmly to 74%c and
closed l%c higher at 74%c The day's news
developed a feeling of cheerful bullishness. To
srtart with Liverpool cables showed a good ad
vance and the spot market revealed renewed
strength. Receipts were moderate and con
tinental tidings were favorable to holders of
wheat. Broomhall reported that the week's
sales to the Continent aggregated 5,000,000
bushels,. 3,000,000 bushels of lt to Hamburg.
During the half-day session New York export
ers -advised of forty-two loads taken for the
foreign account, while cash sales here of mixed
grades reached a total of 500,000 bushels.
Texas Bent further reports of damages, claim-
Ing that in portions of the State the crop was
a total loss. Other Southwestern points noted
the baneful Incursion of insects, notably Okla
homa. Bankers in the latter territory predict
ed the loss of half the crop. At the opening
large quantities of wheat were for sale, but
this condition 6peedlly gave way in the face
of the strong demand and thereafter it was
found necessary to increase bids in order to
fill buying orders. The volume of business
was large, but was chiefly for the local ac
count.
Adams Con £S,Little Chief 14
Alice 40. Ontario ....8 75
Greece 1 10 Ophir 06
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 4% [Potosl 07
Con Cal 4 Va 2 £5 Savage 05
Dead-wood Terra.... 60, Sierra Nevada 22
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 05
Iron Bllver 60 standard 8 75
Leadvllle Con 6<
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Bonds-
Time loans SHO^ Atchlson 4s 108«*
Stocks— N E O & Coke Ss.. 65
Atch Top & S F.. 71% Mining Shares—
Do prefd 89H Adventure 17
Amer Bugar 146* Blngham Mng Co.. 25%
Do prefd 122 Amal Copper 121%
Bell Tele 175 Atlantic 84%
Boston & Albany. .263 Boston & Mont. ...445
Chi Bur & Q 18S T 4 Butte & Boston.... 116%
Dominion Coal .... 37% ! Calumet & Hecla..E35
Do prefd 114 Centennial 38
Fltchburg prefd ...147%' Franklin 16%
Ed Elec 111. 246 Humbold.V 2J
Mexican Cent 22% Osceola M
N E Gas & Coke.. 11% Parrot 64%
Old Colony 211 Qulncy 177
Old Dom'.cioa ..... ZS% Santa Fe Copper... SH
Rubber ?$'¦+ Tamarack 828
Vnlon Pae 101% Utah Mining 85
Union Lead 3% Winona 4%
Westngh Elec «4% tTolverines 63%
Wis Cent , 53*
NEW TOIUt M1NIN0 STOCKS.'
EASTERN MARKETS.
SATURDAY, April 27-13 m. •
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. ' Bid.Ask.
4s coup 113%113-i 4s coup (new).139H140Vi
4s registered. .113%113!ii 3s quar coup. .111 —
MISCELLANEOUS. BONDS.
Bay C P C 5S.103V4 — Oak W Co 6s. 104 —
Cal-st Cab 5s. 117 — Oceanic SS-5S.104U —
C C Water 5s.llO — Om C R 6s. ...126 —
E L & P 63..128V6133V2 Pac G Imp 4s. — — ,
P & Cl Ry 63.115 — Pk & Cl R 63.105 — I
Geary-st R Bs. — — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Haw C 6%s..lO6% — Powell-st R 6s«0 —
Haw Co 5s.... 112 102U. S E G & R 5a. — 100
L A R R 5s..ll3»iU4 . S F & SJV 59.119% -
L A L Co 6s.. — 102 S R of Cal 6s.llO —
Do gntd 6s. — 104 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 5s. 100 101 (1900) .HSVt —
L, A P R R 53.102% — Do (1910) 114 —
Do 1st C 5a.. 101 — S P. C 6s 0905,
Market-st C 6s — 127%/ Series A) ...106H —
Do 1st C 5s.l22%123 ' Do (SericsB)107% —
N C N G R 7s — .113^4 Do (1906) 110 — .
N R of Cal 6s — 115 Do (1912) — —
N R of Cal 53.119 — Do 1st g 6s..lO6% —
N P R R 6s. 102^ — SPBrR 6a. .133 —
N P R R 5s.l08%109 S V Water 63.113 —
N Cal R 5s.. .112 115 Do 4s — 103%
O G L & H 5sllO% — Do 3d mtg.,102% —
Oak Tr Co 6S.116 — Stkn G & E 6slOO —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 74% 75V4 1 Spring Valley. 88 8Stf
Marln County 53% — 1
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P.... 8 4 Pac Lt Co 42% «H
Eqult Gas 3% 3% Sac E G & R. — — .
Mut EL Co.. 3% — S F Q & E.... 38 S8>4
O G L & H.... 5014 51 San Francisco.. 4% 4^
Pao Gas Imp. 36 . — Stktn G & E.. 7'i —
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.235 245 |
BANK STOCKS. ¦
Anglo-Cal .... 72% — ILon P & A....147 —
Bank of Cal... 406 — | Mer Ex (lid).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO5% -ISP National.. — 125
1st N of S F..310 315 ¦
; "SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1830 1900 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual 60 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U.....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Calif ornia-st... — 140 O S L & H 40 —
Geary-st ::.... 47% — Presidio ..22 SO
Market-st . — 71 . t ' - • I
. POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 71% 73 IVigorit 2% 3#
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan..... 7 7%|Kllauea ...... r ; 20 80%
Haw Com .55 — Makawell 40% —
Honokaa .:.... 30% 3154 Onomea .....:. 28 23
Hutch S P..... 20% — IPaauhau ...... 80% 31%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.,.130%131% Oceanic SS Co. 46 47
Cal Fruit Can. 94 9S Pao, A F A.... 2 — ¦
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Bor Cc.152 —
Mer Ex Assn.110 — Par Paint Co.. 16. —
Morning Session. -
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association 131 00'
105 Contra Costa Water 75 00
$3000 Hawaiian C & S Co 63, cash 102 00
50 Kilauea Sugar Plantation "Co :.. 20 00
S40CO Los Angeles Railway 5s 114 00
5 Market Street Railway 71 00
$1000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 104 25
$5000 Park & Cliff House 6s 106 00
3->5 S F Gas & Electric Co 38 OO
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 6 38 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 6 3S 00
60 Spring Valley Water 83 50
60 Spring Valley Water 88 25 .
Street —
$1000 Los Angeles Lighting 6s .100 25
$1000 Spring Valley 4a (2d mortgage) 103 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning SSssion.
MO Bear Flag ....../. 18
100 California-Standard 83
1 Hanford 89 00
lCOHome^ 3 30 ,
CO Home 3 85 <
DfO Independence 18
100 Kern • • 7 CO
SCO Lion — 16
2000 Monarch of Arizona 54
400 Occidental of West Virginia 60
1000 Oil City Petroleum 27
20 Peerless • SCO
91.0 Petroleum Center i J 15
¦500 Reed Crude 46
2C0 Sacramento ~ 2 00
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
a. ". . Board—
500 Caribou 65
3000 California & Utah Oil Co ...' J5
2000 Four Oil Co.. 60
100 Home Oil 3 30
175 Monarch of Arizona 63
200 Occidental of West Virginia..... ." 59
' 1C0 Peerless, b 60...... 8 SO
1000 Petroleum Center v: 14»''
200 Sunset 23
STOCK A1TD BOND EXCHANGE,
Beyond continued activity In uas and Eleo
trio at 133 there was no particular changa on
the Bond Exchange, There was a fair bust*
r.exs In the oil stocks nt the familiar prices.
Hules on the l'rodvicers' Oil Exchange last
\v<vk were $3,933 shares, valued at $51,613, the
leading trtiriHucllong being ta follows: Cali
fornia Standard. 10.000 shares; Oil City, 2000;
in.io|H.«.| ( .jn>«. f,Kf.rt; Four, SKOO; Occidental, Kiwoj
Petroleum Center, S0,4C0: Monarch, 7600; Lion,
13.&V); Home, Sin:; Itrd Bunk, 1600.
The Tactile liornx Company will pay a divi
dend of i)l' per Miuro on the 28th.
The Alasku Trrndwell Mining Company will
pay a quarterly dividend of K'io per share on
thi 2'Jth.
The Geary Street, Park and Ocean Rail
road Company hao declared a dividend o£ BOo
per share, payable on Monday. This It the
cne hundred and fifty-ninth dividend.
STOCK MARKET.
California dried fruits ruled dull and un
changed at 3^4@7c per pound for prunes, as to
size and quality. Apricots — Royal. 7V-®12c;
Moorpark, $>4<gl3c. Peaches— Peeled. 12%@20c;
unpeeled, E^glOc.
A rather quiet market prevailed for evapo
rated apples and prices did not vary any.
Btate oommon were quoted at 8@ic; prime, 4Vi@
4%c; choice, E@5Hic, and fancy, 6@6Vfec.
DRIED FRUITS.
BOGS — Receipts, 8275 packages. Dull and
weak; Western regular packing, 13@13$»c; do
Btorage, 14Q14KC.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8745 packages. Steady at
the decline. Creamery. K>@19c; factory. 11®
13»4c.
St'OAR— Raw, flrm: fair retlnln*. » ll-l«e:
centrifus-al, ss test. « 3-10!af4»i4e; molasses sugar,
8 7-16ff«Hc; refined, steady; No. 6, 4.90c; No. 7,
4.B0c; No. 8, 4.70c; No. 9, 4.65c; No. 10. 4.60c;
No. 11. 4,65c; No. 12. 4.60c; No. 13, 4.R0c; No.
14 4.46c; standard A, 6.26c: confectioners' A,
S..5o; mold A. 5.80c; cut loaf, 6.85c: crushed,
C.BSc; powdered, 6.65c; granulated, 6.45c; cubes,
6.76c. . . " ..
COFFEE — Spot Illo. steady; No. 7 Invoice.
<Hc; mild, quiet; Cordova, xViSj Jl'io. Futures
closed 10$i5 points higher. The business done
Included: May. tl 20; July, |5 40; August, (5 43;
September, tS tS; October, fr. 60; November,
?:. C£; December. J& 7S; Mnrch, *fi.
WOOL—Dull. Domestlo fleece. «e»7a
HOI'S— Quiet. State common to choice. 1900
crop. 17©S0c; 1K9» crop, 11016O ; old old*. &Tt6c:
Pacific Const, 1900 crop, Mj/U'o; 1899 crop, 11©
Uc; old olds, £060.
HIDUS-Stcady. California, :i to £5 pounds,
19&
WHEAT— Receipts. 18,050 bushels; exports,
160.794 Spot, flrm; No. 3 red. 84<&o f. o. b.
afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth. 90o f. a b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Puluth. iCHc f. o. b. afloat.
Options flrm and hither on bullish cables, firm
outside markets, talk of unfavorable weather
In France, outside buying, demand from shorts
and continued Insect stories: closed strong at
le net advance. May, BOTi^SlHc, closed 81Ho;
July. "SHfrSOUc. closed 8u£o; September, 7SVi<8>
TSHc. closed 7$He.
NEW YORK, April 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13,700 barrels; exports, 18,916. Fairly active and
held .higher again. Winter patents; $3 6off4;
winter straights, $3 f.0@3 55; Minnesota patents,
*4<J4 SO; winter extras, $2 45®2 85; Minnesota
bakers', $2 90<g^ 26; winter low grades, $2 SOg>
2 45.
PALACE HOTEL.
J R Chase, Los Ang
O Stevens, Sacto
T W Hlnde & w. Chgo
A E Otis A w. N Y
Mr & Mrs Rutherford,
Cardiff. England
Mrs J H Hobbs. Colo
H N Cootes. U S V
Dr W J Waller, Sacto
T F Shields. N Y
H P Starbuck. S Barb
T MacLaren. Cal
B F Bennett. Boston
G A .Elder. Duluth
F K Seggerman. N T
W A Akers A w, Utah
C A Cooke, Boston
O G Gage. Stanford
C H Baker. Stanford
W A Brant. N Y
D Dyrenforth. Chgo
Mrs W M Starker. De
troit m
F B Ellsworth, Wis
J M Pendaa & w, N T
J P Pomeroy, Colo Sp
Mrs G WHshlre. Clnn I
Mrs A W Kllgour. Bos
H T Watson, England
Miss M B Merwln, New
Haven
E M Burgess A w,
Denver
E G Langhorne, Mo
H Wheeler, Cal
H M Wheeler. Los Ant
Mrs J C Talmadge. Cal
C M Hollenback. N Y
F A Montgomery. Chs
A Alderdlce, N T
T G Hearne & w. W Va
W H Brevoort. N T
C F Buckley Jr. Cal
W J Wiley, Palo Alto
W R Moon. N Y
F A HInes, Los Ang
J C Talmage. L An*
F O Curtiss. L Ang
H P Hepburn, Ohio
Miss Hepburn. Ohio
J F M Elliott. Stanfd
W A Doyle. S Mateo
Mr & Mrs Shutts. Chgo
IW L Jacoby. Chgo
C K Mnnahan A w.Mcx
E L Botault, Placcrv
A M Smith. Orovllle
DrHC Eckntetn A w.
Philadelphia
H L LrU. Pnlla
Mrs S D Attridge, Chi
cago
Mrs M H Shryer. Cal
M Hochhelmer Jr. IU
ktrsfiekt
C H Pronne. England
K It Cross*. Smrland
H >( c-nnpmnn, Engltt
J J Cralcr. Woodland
J S Crals, Woodland
A Alltn. Woodland
Mrs I M Smith. Ill
A Jones. 8 L O
S Levy, Vlsalta
Dora M Guise, Wash,
D C
Mabel A Kent. Wash.
D C
J Goldman. Merced
T A Spauldlng. Woodld
J T Goodln. Woodlnd
E Babbitt, Woodland
A C Huston. Woodld
E Shane. Cal
O B Van Roden, Sac
W P Weber. 8 Paula
W W Black, Holllster
O R Cowan. For Hill
D A McDonald. Auburn
O F Huben. Auburn
It Uurtacher, Auburn
A Goodman. W Walla
F Anderson A w. Colo
Mn W A Welr.Ne.wrk
Miss A E Welr.Nowrk
C M Ollllger. tUrk<»ley
O K Menntn. lWkMcy
Mr* It Amundaon. Cal
Maud* Titus, Iowa
R W Oraham. HkrufUl
J N Orecs;, R Bluff
J B Lancaster. Seattle
M M Harris. L An*
F Grotefend, Redding
N NflNon, Denver
H N Sava-t. R Diego
K Dean A w. N Y
Mrs F W Newton. N T
F K Clark. Seattle
Mrs J D Hughes. S F»
E W Ragsdale. S Rosa
Effle Hagsdale. S Rosa
Mrs S R Whltinr, Cal
B Bradshaw. Napa
D P Cameron, M View
M Kerndt Jr. Iowa
F J Lynch. St Louis
A Jones, S L Obtspo,
W Thomas, Chlco
A S Cunningham.Ohlo
A W Wine. Ohio
F L Henley. St Louts
Mrs J McClatehy. Sao
Miss E McClatehy. Sao
E Welles A w, S Lnuis
lir A M Barktr. 3 Jos*
C I.lon, San Jon
G II Anderson. S Jo«e
Mrs T Regan A s. Cat
M F Cochrane, 8 Rafl
J R Dttter & w, Wash
O E Hanson, Fortun*.
Tl Armstrong. Boston
K W Rednath. Ronton,
O R Baker. Stockton
F H Westcott. Mo .
F R Theberoth. Cal
O Shuley. VAlyWo
Mr* H Heath. Vallojo
Mlse M L Henth. V.iljo
W L Moore. Alameda
s Rothschild. Ohio
t» F Br«mtr. 8acto
K *chaefer.«X T
< J O Graves. Portland
w 9 Georse. Anttoch
I. W Kmhm. Cal
HOTEL ASRIVAIiS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Kan Franc-loco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
weather Pundty, with conditions becoming fa
vorable for llcht rains lute Sunday, not bo
cold: wcurrly chanting to freah •oulherly
winds. ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The prasurt has fallen rapidly ovw the
northwestern portion of the country. During
the past twelve hours there has been a rapid
fall along the coast from Eureka to Neah
Bay. Conditions are more favorable for rain
en the Pacific Slope than they have been since
April I.
The temperature has risen rapidly over Ore
s/on, Idaho, Northern Nevada and Northern
Utah. Throurhout California the temperatures
are rising slowly.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April IS. 1W1:
Northern California— Fair Sunday, becoming
ri.nidv aad unsettled by Sundav night; prob
ably light rain late Sunday: warmer along the
coast; light southerly winds.
•Southern California— Cloudy Sunday, with
conditions becoming favorable for light show
ers Sste Sunday; light southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday; light southwest
•H'lnfl*.
fifth— Coufly Bund«y; warmer ia •outbern
portion; lltht rastcrly wlnda,
Arisona-Cleudy Sunday, warmer; light
southerly winds.
FORECAST
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
tA\ r ri ' T * 1 ' T '" Tt *ij 44; mean. 49.
WEATHEH CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
CUPti Meridian — Pacific- Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. April 27-6 p. m.
Tb* foUowir.r are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, aa ecespared with those of same date
la*t season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
ktOM
Weather Report.
Tb« local bank clearing* for the past week
were $21,102,687, against J15.C23.021 for the same
week last year.
Bank Clearings.
vertiser*B London financial cablegram says:
Business In general was good here to-day.
There was more of the talk reported yester
day of a broad revival" of speculative activity
now that the war loan Is over. The new bonds
were at a premium of % per cent to-day.
American shares were strong, but trading in
them lacked fire, owing to the holiday in New
York. They began well, nevertheless, and har
dened right up to the close. Which was cheer
ful. The buying of Northern Pacifies and
De-nvers was good. Denvers were taken here
on the rumors of big developments in the
Southwest soon to mature. A satisfactory
bank statement was expected from the Associ
ated Banks of New York.
CLOSING.
Atohison, 72%; Canadian Pacific 101; Union
Pacific preferred, 9iu- Northern Paclflo pre
ferred. 101H: Grand Trunk. 11%; Anaconda.
JO";; Rand mines. 4%.
United States Steel, 50; United States Steel
preferred, 99.
Bar silver dull, 27 9-16(L
Money, 8% per cent.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 27.— WHEAT— Steady and
quiet; unchanged; Blue Stem, 60Hc; Club, 58c.
PORTLA1HD, April 1 27. — "WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 60c.
PORTLAND, April 27.— The steamship Indra
vella, the flrst vessel of the new Oriental line
Inaugurated by the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company, sailed to-day for Hongkong,
with 17,266 barrels of flour.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 27.— Clearings, $240,707;
balances, $53,536.
WHEAT— Spot, flrm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 6s ll%d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s ]%d;
No. 1 California, 6s 2d. Futures, quiet; May,
Cs lid: July, 5s ll%d.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed new, 5s
6%d; do. old, 6s 6d. Futures, quiet; May, 4s
2%d; July, 4s. Id; September, 4s %d.
HOPS— AX London, Pacific Coast, steady, £4
@>£4 Hi.
CLOSING-.
LONDON, April 27.— Consols, 94 11-ls: silver,
27 9-16d; French rentes lOlf 47Hc; cargoes on
passage, white flrm, red dull; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla,
30a; English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, April 27.— Wheat, flrm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2Ud@6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
showery.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 21-32d.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. April S7.— Wool buyers are await
ing the opening of the third eerjes of Auction
sales on April 80, wh«n It la expected' lower
rrlcfi for cross brwl* will bs accepted. Heavy
rains huve fallen in New South Wales, Queens
land and Victoria, and the conditions are still
unsettled. It npjtears, however, thitt the bud
weather has not affected this season's require
ments. .
Tin- arrivals of wool for th« fourth' serlea of
auction sales amount to 177,204 bales, including
S3.000 forwarded direct.
London Wool Market,
NEW YORK. April 27.— The cotton market
opened quiet, with prices a p*lnt above the
closing: of last night. May advanced to $S 14,
July to $S 11 and October to $7 31 Thereafter
variations were sluggish and without special
significance.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NKW YORK, April 27.— In the absence of In
formation from abroad the local metal mar
ket was very quiet and trading was on very
conservative lines, principally meeting the im
mediate wants of consumers. Prices through
out the general list did not vary. The trend
of sentiment, however, was bearlshly incliheU.
Iron, quiet; plglron warrants quoted at $9 50@
10 CO; Northern foundry, $15 2o@16 60; Southern
foundry. JHflS EO, and soft Southern, $13®
15 60. Lead, $4 S7H- Spelter quiet. $4@4 05, and
copper dull but steady at $17 for Lake Superior
and $18 65 for . casting and electrolytic. Tin,
$25 60@25 75.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 27.— The Imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at this port for
the week were valued at $10,968,622.
The . exports of specie from this port to all
countries this week aggregated f2,580,275, con
sisting .of $1,016,205 ¦ Bllver bars and coin and
|L 664,010 gold.
The imports of specie at this port this week
aggregated $90,13S. of which $72,407 was silver
and (17,729 gold.
Exports and Imports.
CHICAGO, April 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200;
nominally steady; good to prime steers, ?5@6;
poor to medium. $3 90®4 95; stockers and feed
ers, $2 75@4 90; cows, T2 70@4 60; heifers, $2 75
@4 85; canners', *2@2 60; . bulls, $2 90@4 50;
calves, J4@S 25; Texas fed steers, $4 25<S?5 40;
grassere, $3 50@4; bulls, f2 73@3 90.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 19.000; Monday, 33,
0C0; left over, estimated, 3500; market opened
steady, closed easier; top, $6 05. Mixed and
butchers', $5 10@5 97\k; good to choice heavy.
$5 S0@6 05; rough heavy, $5 65@5 75; light, $5 65
@5 82V&; bulk of sales, $5 S5@5 95. •
SHEEP— Receipts, 3500; sheep, steady; lambs,
strong. Colorados, $5 30; good to choice weth
ers,, $4 65<S>4 85; fair to choice mixed, $4 30®
4 65; Western sheep. Si 65@4 85; yearlings, $4 6"o
UT4 90; native lambs, $4 50@5 30; Western lambs,
{4 T0@5 30.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening _ 5 11% 5 11%
Cosing 5 n\i. 5 11%
PARIS. • ; 
"Wheat— April. May. -Aug.
Opening .,.„..„_... 18 90 19 60
Closing _ 19 00 19 60
Flour—:
Opening ;„ 23 80 24 50
Closing 24 00 24 60
Chicago Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the. butter
market was dull: creamery, 18@20c; dairy. 11®
17c. Cheese. S%@llc Eggs. 12y,c.
Silver a fraction weaker. Exchange unchanged.
Weekly bank clearings shew the usual gain.
JVheat higher again. Barley very firm. , }
Corn scarce at a further advance.
Oats firmly held in few hands. Rye quiet.
Hay steady and Feedstuff s very firm.
Flour strong at tlie advance already noted.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes continue to advance. Onions easy. .
Serious damage reported to Fruit and Vegetables by frost.
Poultry market dull and generally weak. . -
Butter firm, Cheese steady and Eggs weak
Fresh Fruits in moderate supply and steady.
Fair demand for Dried Fruits.
Provisions firm enough, but dull.
Wool, Hops and Hides uncJianged.
Packers reduce their bids for Hogs.
Moderate trading on tlie local stock exchanges. *
Articles- , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,000 17.000
Wheat, bushels ..119.000 -42 000
Corn, bushels 94,000 229 000
Oats, bushels 255,000 • 2S5.000
Rye. bushels 4,000 6,000
Barley, bushels 9,000 ' 6.000
whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27: clover con
tract grade, $10 75.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SATURDAY, April 27—12 m.
• . Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice C6 07
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 05 06 Lady Waah ©1 02
Belcher 14 15 Mexican 32 33
Best & Belcher. 16 17 Occidental 03 05
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 100 105
Caledonia 61 65 Overman 13 20
Challenge Con.. 11 12 Potosl CS 09
Chollar 09 10 Savage 08 09
Confidence 67 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..J 30 2 35 Seg Belcher 03 M
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 26 27
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 34 35
Crown Point 15 17 St. Louis C6 —
Eureka Con 06 — Standard S 90 4 00
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — 05
Oould & Curry. 16 17 Union Con. 12 .'U
Hale & Nor.... 24 25 Utah 02 03
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 11 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session. »
200 Andes 05 SCO Kentuck 03
1000 Belcher 15 7M Mexican 33
550 Con Cal & V.. 2 37 V4 100 Ophir 105
1100 Con Cal & Va..2 35' 800 Ophir 1 02Va
S00 Gould & Curry. 16. 150 Sierra Nevada.. 26
Following were the tales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
800 Chollar 09 300 Hale & Nor 25
900 Beet & Belcher. 17 50 Mexican 84
100 Belcher 14 200 Savage 08
400 Con Cal & Va..2 35 100 Seg Belcher.... 04
50 Confidence 60 400 Sierra Nevada.. 26
400 Crown Point.... 16 300 Silver Hill 34
200 Gould & Curry. 17 200 Yellow Jacket.. 12
Morning Session.
Following were the ! -sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ,l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9&c; medium, 8Hc; light. .8c Cow
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed. -
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED. MEATS — Bacon. 12c Der lb for
heavy, 12%®13c for light medium. I3ft c for
light, 14%c fbr extra light and 15V4c. for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c: Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily, tti 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear
$23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at C^io per lb for
compound and 10Hc for pure; half-barrels
purs. 10\c; 10-lb tins, lltte; 5-lb tins, li-ic.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, S%c; three
half -barrels, B-Kcj one tierce, 8%c; two tlerois,
8V4c; rive tierces, SHc per lb. «. -.,
The market continues firm at previous prices,
with a light demand. ¦' -. * x . ,'
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13%®14c for bright and 12%
©13o for light amber; water white . extracted
7@7%c; light amber extracted. 5@«o; dark 4©
5c per lb. . ' . .
BEESWAX— 25®28c per lb.
. Fruits are meeting with a steadily Increasing
demand here, but buying in New York is re
ported of a hand-to-mouth character. Prices
show no further change.
Green Almonds are on the market at 60@75c
per box. v • ' ¦
FRUITS— Apricots, «@<%c for Royals and
E%@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
4© 6c; sun-dried, lM:@2c; Peaches,- 3i£@4c for
standard, 4 ) i@-5%c for choice and 6©6&c for
fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3Vi@5c; un
pitted, l@l%c; Nectarines. 4@4Hc for red and
4@»c for white. . '
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 3c; 30-40s — •
40-50s 4%c; 50-6US, «Mc; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-SOs, 3'ic :
80-90S. 2%c ; , 90-lOOs, 2%c ! 100-1203, l^ c . Th t S e
prices apply to all districts alike, no more
discrimination being made.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, He;
standard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per
lb; choice, 9%c; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6Vfcc; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-ciown. Ic; 3-crown, 5%c and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 6c; Lon
don. Layers, 2-crown, $150 per box; 3-crown
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50- Im'
perial, iZ. All prices f. o. b. at common ship,
plug points in California. •
NTJTS— Chestnuts, SQ'lOe per lb for Italian'
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. vtc; No'
1 hardshell. 9V4c; No. 2, 7o; Almonds. " I2@l3o
for papershell, 9®llc for softshell ; Peanuts
5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, liaiiUc- Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll®13c; Cocoanuts
$3 6O@5. ¦
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
APPLES— iW 2 B0 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2 25;
Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines. 75c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c@$l 25 for . common and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes, $4 50@5; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples, $1 50@4 per dozen:
CHERRIES— Receipts were 601 boxes, selling
at 50c@$l per box for red and $1@1 75 for dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $74111 per chest for Long
worths and $5@8 for large berries. Receipts
were 325 chests.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
Strawberries were higher, as usual on Sat
urday. Cherries were steady, though receipts
were larger. Oranges were in moderate sup
ply and firm, with 10 or 12 cars announced for
to-morrow's auction. Limes were slightly
higher, in spite of the cold weather.
Uad reports of frost damage are coming In
from almost all sections. Ice has formed for
several mornings in different counties, and
young fruit cannot stand such low tempera
tures. Receipts of Strawberries have already
been affected. The Apricot crop will probably
be extremely light and Pears will be short
from present indications, while no fruit Is ex
pected to yield a full crop. ' Prices ought to
be above the normal this year, but it Is un
safe to make any predictions.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— Fancy, full ¦ cream. ¦ 9c:' choice,
8Hc; common, nominal; Young Americas,- lOVic;
Eastern, . full cream, 14@-lCc per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected . "White, 15c;
mixed colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%c; standard,
13e; seconds,^ >
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, U\ic, seconds, — ;
store, 12c
BUTTER— .
Creamery— Extras, lG',4c; firsts, ISc; seconds,
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
. BUTTBR-Creampry, HHflmio • per lb for
fancy nnd ltio for seconds; dairy, 14&1GC rx>r lb,
CHRESK— Ohuic* mild, new, 8Vi<ul0Hc; old,
9c per lb. . ,
EGOS— Ranch, 15®17o for good to fancy;
Btore, 13®14Ho per doien.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS,
JltKwIpt* were 40,400 pounds and E4 tubs of
nutter, 1233 cacea Eggs, 770 cases K.mt'-ru
Ekkr. 4100 pounds California Cheeso and
pounds KiiMi'in rin-r.ii>.
Kpss are weak and stocks continue to ac
cumulate. Homo of the dealers have large
line* on their floors and are putting their mir-
IjIub Into oold BiornR*. Concessions are belnsr
mndo to attract buyers and there were liberal
offers to i«ll nt 16\»o for th« b«st ranch yo«
terdny.
Thera Is no chance In Cheese, in the op*n
market, but the exchange reduced Ita quota
tions for California.
The contest for the possession of several
creameries has imparted some temporary firm
ness to the Butter market, in spite of the free
supplies. There Is plenty coming In and orders
for the outside are light.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens ; Geese, per pair,
tl 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 75: Ducks, $4 50
SJ5 CO for old and $5 50@6 50 for young; Hens,
$3 E0@4 E0; young Roosters, $6 50@S; old Roos
ters, $3 6O@4; Fryers, $5 E0@6 50; Broilers, $4 50
(§¦5 for larsre and J2@3 50.for small; Pigeons,
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME- Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tail and 75c©$l for Brush.
The week closed on a dull market. Hens
and. old stock • continued weak under free sup
plies.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c@$l per box;
Asparagus,. $1 75 for fancy, $1 25@1 50 per box
for No. 1 and 50c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
75c@$l per Back; Garden Peas, $1 25; String
Beans, 6@10c for Los Angeles and 8@llc for
Vacaville; Horse Beans, 50@75c per sack; Cab
bage. 50(g60c; Tomatoes, Mexican, $1 25@1 50
per crate; from Texas, $1 75@2; from Los An
geles, $1 75; Dried Peppers, 12@lSc; Dry Okra,
15c per lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, 40@75c per dozen; Garlic, S@10c
per lb; Green Peppers, 20@35c per lb; Egg
Plant, 25c per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 50c(&$l 23 per sack;
Australians, $3 5O@>4; Green Onions, 35@50c
per box; New White, $3; New Red. $1@1 40 per
sack. -
Receipts were 1011 boxes Asparagus, 270 boxes
Rhubarb, 1197 sacks Bay Peas, 103 sacks String
Beans and 747 sacks New Potatoes. .
POTATOES— Early Rose. 75@90b; Burbanks.
85c@*l 10 Yor River and $1 20@l 40 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, $1 20® 1 25; Sweets, 50@65c for
Merced; New Potatoes, lV«@l%e per lb.
Reports from Alameda County say that the
frost has greatly damaged Tomatoes, Potatoes
and other Vegetables, and that the crop will
be considerably reduced In consequence.
Potatoes continue to advance, as will be seen.
Stocks are light. There is little change ia
Onions, though Australians are dull, as a
steamer Is due to-morrow with fresh supplies.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal;. Flax, $2 C0@3 :, Canary, 3M&
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. . nominal ; Rape, 20
2y.c: Hemp, 3V.c; Timothy, 6Hc.
I DRIED PEAS-Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
8 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The situation In Beans shows no change.
Limas and Whites are firm and Pinks continue
In fair demand for shipment.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50@2 70; Small White. $4 85
6; Large White. $4@4 20; Pink. $1 60@l 85;
Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye. $3 75@3; Llmas. $3 25
©6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The prolonged dry - weather has no effect
whatever on Hay and the market continues
quiet and barely steady. Bran . and Rolled
Barley are firm at the recent advance.
BRAN— $16 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTCFFS- Rolled Barley, $17 50@18 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23@26; Job
bing, $26 BO; Cocoanut Cake. $17@18; Corn Meal.
$2CQ27; Cracked Corn, $27 50; Mixed Feed. $15®
16.
HAT— Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9<g>12; Oat, $3@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, XUO 50; Barley, $7 50@9 EO per ton.
STRAW-S5@«tfc. per bale.
Hay and .Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to ¦ the trade: Graham
Flour. $8 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, J2 75;
extra cream do, ?3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 60@S 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, 14 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25:' Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
@7 60; In. sacks. $5 75@7 25; Pearl , Barley. 13;
Split Peas, J5; Green Peas, $6 50 per. 100 lbs.
usual terms; Bakers'' Extras, $3 30@3 40; Ore
gon, $2 60@2 75 per barrel for family and $2 Jo®
3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75Q'3. -
Flour, qr sks 24,676 Wool, bales 961
Wheat, ctls 131.661 Pelts, bdls 970
Barley, ctls 6,120 Hides 537
Corn, ctls 2.030 Sugar, q,tls 6,200
Potatoes, sks 2,252 Tallow, ctls 217
Onions, BkB 527 Leather, rolls 47
Dran. sks 2,30o!silver, flasks 40
Middlings, skB.... 470 Wine, gals 60,560
Hay. tons 43S!Ltme. bbls 132
OREGON.
Potatoes, eks 434 (
EASTERN. ' ¦
Corn, ctls 700 ' '
FOR SATURDAY, APRIL 27.
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 6.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Fruit Granulated, 5.80c;
Magnolia A, 6.25c; Extra C, 5.15e; Golden C,
B.05; barrels. 10c more: half- barrels. 25c more;
boxes, SOc more: DO-lb bass, 10c morn. No
orders taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominos, half-barrels, 6.40c; boxes,
6.65c per lb.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 19c; Astral, 19c; Star,
19c- Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c: Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21c; Benzine, In bulk, lie; in cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon In cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlng Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
OILS — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
73c; pure, .$1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
73c; raw, 71c; cases, Sc more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc; cases, 85c; China
Nut, 55@C5c per gallon; -pure "Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, C5c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 37V4@42V£c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels, 85c; cases, 40c.
RICE-Chlna mixed, $1 20@4 25; No. 1. $4 70@
4 S5;( extra, $5 20S5 50; Japanese, $4 95@5 50;
Louisiana, $4<g6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
COAL— "Wellington, $9 - per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, ?9; Seattle, J7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, 55 50; Wallsend, ?9; Co-operative Walls
end, .{9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, JS 45 per 2060 pounds and JS 50 per ton.
according to brand..
BAGS — San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%@6%c; local make, He less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30034c; Fleece Twine,
TUSSc.
General Merchandise.
Values for all descriptions remain unchanged.
BEEF— 7®Sc for Steers and 6®7o per lb for
cows. 5
VEAL— Large, -7@8c; small, gffDc per Tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes, 7%fl8c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 9@9%c per pound. ;
PORK— Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under. 6Ho;
180 to 225 lbs, 6%@6%c: 225 and over, 6® 6 Vic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8V£@9Hc
¦ Thera Is nothing new to report except that
packers have reduced- their bids on Hogs to
6%c for the coming week.
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 15@16c per Ib; Northern, free. 12@
13c; defective, 9@llc; Middle County, free, 10#
lie: do, defective, S#10c; Southern.- 12 months,
8@9c; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 months. 7®8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
UiJllCe: do. medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good. 9fcllc;
Nevada, 10©12c.
HOPS— lB®20c per lb.
Hides, 8%o for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 8c; Salted
Call, 10c; Dry Hides. 15%@16c; Culls, l$H@Hc;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; Culls and
Brands, 13®Mc; Sheepskins, shearlings, 13@25c
each; short Wool, 30® 40c each; medium, EWtjtiic;
long Wool. 75c@U each; Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50 for large and $2{T2 25 for medium. Jl@l 25
for Email and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
U 75 for large, Jl 25 for medium. U for small
and 60c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or
thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras,
75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4&c per lb; No. 2.
3%@4c; grease," 2@2%c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain Market.
'Associated Banks' Statement.
LOCAL MARKETS.
31
Laat This
24 Hours Season.
I Last
Eeaaon,
BTATIOXS.
23ur«k* iniiiiiiiH"
Bod BIOS
Btcruaento , M
Ban FraadMS
Fresno
Xndepaodenca ......
Baa Lula Oblspo ....)
Xjc* Acre'.f* I
Can Dlrgo |
o.oo
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.60
0.00
o.oo
0.00
44.67
22.67
17.50
18.9)
10.88
6.81 !
27.88
14.17
10.66
47.95
21.75
17.82
18.10
7.84
2.82
is. y 2
6.10
4.20
Second Feet.
DATE. 1 — — —
1900. 1901.
prll 14 HM «M
prll IS H«4 3530
plrl 18 - 1764 *O0
pril 17 1784 3830
.pril 18 »09 ,4075
pril 19 2924 48*5
pril 80 <344 8185
DATE.
DATE.
. yr.;. . . uoo. i9oi.
.prll 14 M.«0O 1O.70O
.prll 13 13.700 10,400
prll 18 12.500 10.100
prll 17 .~ 13.200 9.800
prll IS ll.«0O 9.800
.prll 19. ...>. 11.J0O 10,100
.prll 20 13.400 9.800
DATE.
Second Feet.
DATE. ¦¦
: >;<. ¦ BOO. 1901.
pril 14 1738 8120
prll 15 1548 3280
pril 16 1546 3800
prll 17 1738 393>
prll 18 ~ 25M 4«W
pril ».... 2540 55«
prll 20 1718 «2S0
DATE.
Second Feet.
DATE. 1 — — —
1900. 1901.
prll 14 HM «M
prll IS H«4 3530
plrl 18 - 1764 *O0
pril 17 1784 3830
.pril 18 »09 ,4075
pril 19 2924 48*5
pril 80 <344 8185
DATE.
DATE.
. yr.;. . . uoo. i9oi.
.prll 14 M.«0O 1O.70O
.prll 13 13.700 10,400
prll 18 12.500 10.100
prll 17 .~ 13.200 9.800
prll IS ll.«0O 9.800
.prll 19. ...>. 11.J0O 10,100
.prll 20 13.400 9.800
DATE.
Second Feet.
DATE. ¦¦
: >;<. ¦ BOO. 1901.
pril 14 1738 8120
prll 15 1548 3280
pril 16 1546 3800
prll 17 1738 393>
prll 18 ~ 25M 4«W
pril ».... 2540 55«
prll 20 1718 «2S0
DATE.
Laat This
24 Hours Season.
I Last
Eeaaon,
BTATIOXS.
23ur«k* iniiiiiiiH"
Bod BIOS
Btcruaento , M
Ban FraadMS
Fresno
Xndepaodenca ......
Baa Lula Oblspo ....)
Xjc* Acre'.f* I
Can Dlrgo |
o.oo
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.60
0.00
o.oo
0.00
44.67
22.67
17.50
18.9)
10.88
6.81 !
27.88
14.17
10.66
47.95
21.75
17.82
18.10
7.84
2.82
is. y 2
6.10
4.20
CARD OF THANKS.
To our many friends and acquaintances,
and esDeclally the officers and members of
Niantic Parlor No. 105. N. S. G. W., who
gave so many evidences of their heartfelt
sympathy, we desire to expifs? our sincere
thanks. M. and M. EDELMANN. Parents.
We desire to express our sincere thanks to
our many friends for the kindness and sym-
pathy extended to us In our late bereave-
ment la the death of husband and father.
Joseph Deuwel.
MRS. DEUWEL AND FAMILY.
CARD OF THANKS
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 313 Mason
•treet, between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
lace, Mrs. Gertie Ogburn, Mrs. France*
Peterson and Robert W. and John D. Willis,
a native of Ireland, aged 71 years 7 months
and 19 days.
McPAKE— In this city, April 28, 1901, Charles,
beloved son of the late Charles and Han-
nah McPake. and brother of James, Owen,
John, Mary. Kate and the late Sarah Mc-
Pake and Mrs. J. JDoran, a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 625 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NOONAN-In this city. April 27. 1901, David
Noonan, beloved brother of the late Mrs.
Mary Briggs, uncle of Annie. Mary, Wil-
liajn and Ellen Briggs. and granduncle of
James and Winifred Briggs, a native of Ire-
land, aged 69 years. (Grass Valley, Cal.,
papers please copy.)
IH7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
: of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth,; thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 26, 1901. Patrick,
beloved husband of Ellen O'Brien, father of
James, Evelyn and the late Nora O'Brien,
and brother of Lawrence and Katie O'Brien,
a. native of the parish of Schull. County
Cork, Ireland, aged 31 years.
• ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1041 Minna street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In this city, April 26, 190L Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Cornelius
O'Donnell, a native of Ireland. (San Jose,
Cal., papers please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:43 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment at San
Jose, via 10:30 o 1 . clock train from Third and
Townaend streets.
CLOUGHLIN— In this city. April 25. 1901.
Patrick O'Loughlln, a native of County Uul-
way, Ireland, aged 34 years.
(TT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 787 Mtoton atreot,
thence to St. Brendan'* Church for ¦•»rvtc«*
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PFAFF— In this city, Frank Ffaff, a natlv« of
Ban Francisco, aged 17 years 9 months and
. 20 days.
C7 Funeral and Interment private. Re-
mnln* at the parlors of II. F. Suhi- ft Co.,
1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
PH1LDIN— In this city. April :«. 1901, at hta
residence, 89 norland street. Thomas. N>-
loved huxbiind of Bridget Phllbtn, and father
of J. M., T. F., J. R., J. W.. Cellna. and
Nellie Phllbtn and Mrs. J. \\\ Lord, a native
of Ireland, ared Tl year*.
O* Interment private.
PRICE— In this city. April 28. 1901. Kdward.
beloved husband of the late Elizabeth Price,
and father of Susie, Lottie, Hosle, Eddie and
Arthur Price, Mrs. J. F. Meeks and Mm. K<1-
ward Pareons, a native of. Cardiff, Wales,
aged 64 years.
(ETFrlenrts and acquaintances and members
of Seven Pines Circle, Ladles of the O. A.
R., are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral this day (Sunday), at S o'clock, from
his late residence. 1359- Stevenson street,
near Thirteenth. Interment National Ceme-
¦ tery. Presidio.
SCHMIDT— In this city, April »7. 1901. Dora-
thea Schmidt, dearly beloved wife of C. P.
Bchmldt, mother of Anna and Christina
Schmidt, and sister of N. Nelson, M. C.
Nelson. Mrs. Captain P. H. Petersen, Mrs.
Jepson and Hans Nielsen, a native of Den-
mark, aged 35 years 3 months and 28 days.
(Sacramento papers please copy.)
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resl-
dence, 2264 Filbert street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SEXTON— In Cripple Creek, Colo., Aorll 26,
1901, Edward J., beloved husband .of Mary
B. Sexton, and son of William and the late
Catherine Sexton, a native of Auburn. Cal.
. |C7 Interment at Denver.
SIMON— April 26, 1901, Mrs. Hulda Simon, be-
loved wife of the late Bernard Simon, and
dearly beloved mother of Isidore and Henry
Simon, Mrs. D«ra M. Weinstein and the late
Julius Simon, a native of Stettin, Germany,
a^ed 74 years.
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her
late residence* 4062 Twenty-third street,
thence by 11:40 o'clock train from Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
SIMPSON— In this city. April 24. .1901. George
Frankland, beloved second ion of the late
George P. Simpson and Cassle Stevens
Simpson, brother of Gertrude and Ernest
Simpson, and nephew of Mr. and Mrs. An-
drew McNair and Walter Maclndoe. a native
of Canada, aged 19 years 5 months and 15
days.
CT Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Oate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from corner Twentieth and
Guerrero streets at 2:30 o'clock.
TOLLNER— In this city. April 25. 1901. WII-
helm S.. beloved husband of Frederlcka Toll-
ner, father of Anna Tollner. and uncls of
Theodora Sauer, a native of Germany, aged
62 years 4 months and 9 days, A member
of Norddeutscher Verein, Schleswig Hol-
Btelner ¦ V'ereln and Norddeutscher Schuetzen
Club.
([^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
. residence. 2105 Mason street, near Lombard,
thence to Shlels building, 32 O'Farrell street,
where services will be held commencing at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
WADE— In this city, April 27. 1901, Annie,
dearly beloved wife of the late John C.
Wade, and sister of Mrs. Mary C. McCue
and James McCabe. a native of New York
City. Prefect of Third Order of St. Francis
of St. Boniface's Church.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at S:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 162 O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
' Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WILLIS— In Forestville, Sopoma County, Cal..
April 26, 1901, Robert, beloved husband of
Carrie Willis, and father of Mrs. Annie Wal-
DEATHS.
Continued from Page Thirty.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION! AUCTION!
SALE OF STABLE BUSINESS, ETC,
By Surviving Partner.
Notice is hereby -riven that the undersigned.
as surviving partner of the late firm of SULLI-
VAN * DOYLE, will, on "MONDAY, the 83th.
day of April. 1901, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. m.. of said day, at the Stables of the said
Mat* firm, at 333-s:s-327 Sixth street, this city
and county, sell at Public Auction, to the high-
est bidder, fcr cash In U. S. gold coin, the en-
tire stock in trade of said late flrm. consisting
of Horses. Mares. Carriages. Coupes, Hacks.
BuRgies, Wagrons and Harness: also Office Fix-
tures and Safe; also the Good Will of said busi-
ness. All the Horses, etc.. Carriages, Wagons,
etc.. will be sold separately. Th« sale will b«
without reserve, for the purpose of winding np
the business of said late flrm.
The Horses. Carriages. Wagons, etc.. at tal4
Stables, are subject to Inspection up to «2ay or!
sale.
San Francisco. April 16. 1901.
JOHN J. DOTLB,
Surviving Partner of the late firm of SULLI-
VAN & DOYLE.
Notice Is hereby given that all the Interest of
the late flrm of SULLIVAN A DOYLE In and
to all the Horses. Carriages. Wagons, etc.. and
in and to the business carried on at No. 120 Va-
lencia street, known as the EMPORIUM
HORSE MARKET, will be sold by the under-
signed, as surviving partner of said late firm.
at said Emporium Horse Market, on TUES-
DAY, the 30th d.-xy of April. 1S01, commencing
at 10 o'clock a. m., of said day. at Public Auc-
tion, to the highest bidder, for cash. In U. S.
gold coin.
Sale will be without reserve for th» purpos*
of winding up the business of said late firm.
Dated at San Francisco, this 18th day of
April, 1301. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Surviving Partner of the late firm of SULLl-
VAN & DOYLE.
AUCTION SALE 0? 35 HORSES.
JUST ARRIVED. HANDSOME BAT AND
BLACK TEAMS; ALSO DRAFT AND DRI-
VERS. 1140 Folsom St.. April 30. at 11 a. m.
1 cUw /ty<ywy mygTig/y/MrpviC
Eg A small amount of money judiciously invested has a «rr«t
. H earning power— interest never ceases to accumulate— accuraula-
: g tion is the great creator of fortunes.
I .Our company was particularly organized for the concen-
M t ration and combining of capital for small investors, thus mak-
Sj ing their money a grent working power.
8 ,,r If ,?°V have a sma11 amount of idle capital call upon n» t
H \V e will show you where it can be invested with assured results'.
: IWEST COAST INVESTMENT CO.,
\ § Phelan Building, San Francisco.THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 28, 1901.
POPULAR YOUNG SINGER WHO BECAME THE WIFE OF EDWIN E.
STODDARD YESTERDAY, THE REV. H. H. BELL OF FIRST UNITED
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH PERFORMING THE CEREMONY. .
Gasirra Deschamps, literary critic of the
Paris Temps, arrived in this city last
night and Is at the Palace. He is here to
Literature.
University on French Dramatic
GASTON DESCHAMPS IS
TO DELI V KB LECTURES
Will Instruct Students of California
ft""r|-«^HE wedding of Edwin Egrg-leston
I Stoddard and Miss Charlotte A.
I Collison was solemnized at high
Ji noon yesterday at the residence of
the bride's sister, Mrs. Charles "W.
Epalding, 794 Clayton street. Rev. Dr. H.
H Bell of the First United Presbyterian
Church officiating. Miss Juanita Collison,
the bride's sister, ¦was maid of honor, and
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan acted as best
man.
The groom is manager of the Dicycle de-
Although he Is most widely known as
a journalist, several books that Des
champs has written have met with im
mediate success. His most important
work is "La Vie et les Ltvres," the first
volume of which was published in 1894.
deliver a series of lectures to the students
of the University of California. He has
since his arrival in the United States lec
tured at Harvard on contemporary
French dramatic literature.
partmeht of the Dunham, Carrlgan &
Hsyden Co., and the bride Is well known
In church and musical circles In this city.
A f tei the ceremony Mr. and Mrs. Stod
dard left for Del Monte, and -will return
in a fortnight to Ross Valley, where they
wil 1 make their home for the summer. ' ;
Those present were: Mrs. C. M. Colli
so.?, Mr. and Mrs. Charles W. Spalding-,
Mrs. W. E. Boyer, Miss Juanita Collison,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry W. Spalding and
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan.
The Invitation Extended to You
To attend the bankrupt shoe sale of the
California Shoe Company that is taking
place at 1506 Market street, opposite
Eighth street,. between City Hall avenue
and Larkin street. Go out of way and
save your money when the opportunity- Is
offered, the like. of which has never been
before. To-morrow W. F. Pipher, receiv
er, will sell 1500 palra of ladies' French kid
lace shoes that cost $3.00 for $1.65 a pair;
also 1000 pairs of men's vici kid shoes in
lace and congress, worth $3.30, for $1.65 a
pair. All these shoes are the very latest
styles. To-morrow you can have them for
$1.65 a" pair, at. the bankrupt shoe sale of
the California Shoe • Company. 1508 Mar
ket street, above City Hail avenn*,, .>•
Are Arrested.
' Charles Purcell of 629 - Second street
swore to, a complaint in Judge Cabariiss'
court yesterday charging Charles Morton
and Edward Hornbeck with assault with
intent to rob, and both ; men were booked
at the City Prison yesterday afternoon.'
.. Purcell was on * his way., home about 2
o'clock Saturday morning, and while pass-
Ing the corner of Kearny and Pine streets
three < men stepped from . a doorway and
struck him with their fists. One of them
made a grab for his watch, breaking the
chain.' Purcell* fled and ; yelled for help.
.The ' three men* pursued - him. His cries
were heard by- Policemen Braigi and
Amend j and - they - succeeded [ in ¦ arresting
Morton - and - Hornbeck. The third man
escaped. They were locked -up •' in r the
'.'tanks." The police say that Morton is
anex-convlct.'- . ... \-+~>---,i! .* "i.<- -v
PURCELL'S EXPERIENCE
WITH THERE BAD MEN
They Attempt to Bob Him on Kearny
.. Street and Two of Them
The winner played a strong game
throughout,' his approaching being steady
and ' sure - and his putting accurate. All
the experts, both the golfers of- the north
and south and on " " the ¦ local ¦ press, had
picked John Lawson as a . sure winner,
but E. R, Folger, led 1 up at: the end of
the, first round, 2 ur>^at:the close of. the
second round, 3 up at the twenty-seventh
hole and won the match at the thirty
second hole.. The scores of the two con-
The tournament for'the' first golf cham
pionship of the Pacific Coast was brought
to a conclusion yesterday, EJ R. Folger
of the Oakland Golf Club beating John
Lawson of the San Francisco Golf Club
5 up, 4 to play. The handsome silver cup
emblematic of the championship . will ' be
taken over to the othe'r side of the bay
and will adorn the living-room of the Oak-
Jand Golf Club . house until the second
tournament for the championship is held
next year in Southern California. The
winner! received, as ¦ a permanent trophy
a cold medal. John Lawson received. the
silver medal for the runner-up, both
trophies being, presented to the' winners
by T. P. Gower, the secretary of the Golf
Association. .
By Steady arid Accurate
Play He Beats City
ERNEST FOLGER
WINS GOLF CUP
•¦ Mr. Boardman fished for about two
hours, to get the complete record in the
Chinese Bureau, which includes the trans
cript of the testimony taken on the occa-"
slon of -Tin's landing. record would
be of great value to- the slave owners,* for
the girl had < evidently forgotten . ' the
coached story she had told when. she was
landed and ¦ the - names of the witnesses
who had appeared for her before the Chi
nese" Bureau. " ' United States Attorney
Woodworth was aware of the object that
the slave -owners had in view, in having
.the : bureau records • placed in evidence
where they would be open for public In
spection, In which event they would be
erabled to coach the girl afresh and se
cure the original witnesses or others who
would assume their names and tell a siral-
Louis P. Boardman worked hard all of
yesterday forenoon to. obtain the record of
the landing of his client, Li Ah Yin, from
the Rio de Janeiro in 1S97. Dr. • Gardiner
had testified on the preceding day. that
Tin arrived on March 30, 1897, from China,
and that he interviewed her on the steam
er on i that occasion. The passenger list
was produced yesterday, showing, her
name and the date of the landing, with
a not« to the effect that she had repre
sented herself to be-a native of San Fran
cisco, and that she had been landed by
Inspector O'Leary by order of the Collec
tor of Customs. - : .,,-
Ineffectual Attempt to
Obtain Bureau \
- * Records.
SLAVE OWNERS
ARE THWARTED
Candidate for St. Louis
; Mayoralty Makes
Accusations.
ST. ¦ LOUIS. April 27.-In th» contest
proceedings of George W. Parker, Repub
lican candidate for Mayor, filed asalnst
Mayor Rolla Wells -In th« Circuit Court
to-day, seven separate grounds for action
are alleged.
It >U alleged that from 50 to 200 legal
votes. cast for Parker In each of the 333
precincts In the city were counted for
Wells; that a large number of Illegal bal
lots in nearly every precinct In the city
were counted for Wells, although Improp
erly initialed, mutilated or otherwise de
fective.
. It is further alleged that in numerous
precincts many Parker votes were not
counted for him: that thousands of Par
ker ballots were unlawfully rejected: that
Parker ballots were -extracted from th«
ballot boxes and replaced with "Wells bal
lots; that there was a wholesale fraudu
lent registration, and finally that In twen
ty-five precincts the legally certified Re
publican Judges and clerks were not al
lowed to serve, but their places wer«
usurped by others under\the protection ol
the police, who ejected the real Judge*
and clerl*» from the polls when they ap
peared. -,
CHARGES FRAUD
AT THE POLLS
testants, hole by hole, were as follows:
' E. R. Folger— • - - .
First round. ..........'..6 6 6 5 4 5 5 4-5—45
Second round ..........6 6 5 5 5 5 4 5 6^-4'>
Third round 5 5 5 6 4 5 4 4 4—42
Fourth-round .......... 6 5 65 4
John Lawson — . *
First round .....:.... .7 6 4 5 5 5 4.4 6—4(5
Second round 6 6 6 6 5 4 4 4 6—47
Third round 6 5 6 5 3 4 4 6 5—43
Fourth round...... 6 5 7 5 5 . •.
The winner fully deserved his victory,
being, matched against a player almost
universally considered superior, and yet
wearing him down simply by steadiness
and accuracy. . The winner's medal, play
scores In each completed round were only
one stroke better than the loser's, yet
eaph of these strokes gained a hole. R.
HI Hay Chapman and J. S. Cravens, the
Southern Calif ornians, who were beaten
by E. R! Folger in the preliminary
rounds, -may congratulate. themselves that
they made a very good showing, as the
champion beat R. H. Hay Chapman 2 up
in eighteen holes, and defeated 'J. S. Cra
vens only 1 up -in two rounds. . ' .
The eight girls who -were ! released on
bail yesterday will have every opportun
ity to be coached before the date fixed for
their . examination. Commissioner Hea
cock, however, -could find no legal reason
for refusing to admit them to ball. ..;;." "
The slaves owners, through their attor
neys, have given notice that- they -will
take an appeal from the decision of Com
missioner Heacock ordering the deporta
tion of Jeung Ho, and Mr.Boardman tele
phoned to United States Atttorney Wood
worth yesterday afternoon an application
for the admission of the woman to 'bail,'
pending the appeal. Mr. Woodworth-re
plied that he would Insist upon $10,000 bail,
and Mr. Boardman hung up his telephone
receiver with a bang. * • .......
lar story. Mr. Woodworth therefor© ob
jected. He argued that the bureau rec
ords were private,, and necessarily so.
Judge Heacock took the matter under ad
visement-, until Monday morning at 9
o'clock, to which hour the investigation
was continued. J - -> m ;.
Judge Heacock announced that If the de
fendant was to be put on the stand at all
she would be examined before any other
¦witnesses for the defense were called.
This, he said, was the usual procedure for
the prevention of collusion and fraud.
Eiphfof the girls were released on ball
of $3000 each, furnished by the United
States Fidelity and Guarantee Company.
Their photographs had been taken, pre
viously to prevent substitutions. The de
fendant. Tin, still remains in custody.
Quiet Ceremony. Makes Charming Church
Singer Bride of Popular . Business Man.
Bridal Trip to Monterey and Ross Valley
STODDARD-COLLISON WEDDING
IS SOLEMNIZED AT HIGH NOON
32
Halo's.
Hale's.
Writing tablets, papeterles and mm
papers. Prices all right. The latest tints
and shapes Just received. Sanborn. Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. Dtt "r°" 1 ' *£"
Hale's.
Hale's.
Crowning Values in ' _. ¦"¦. - ¦ • .r: ¦ ' - . . ~:\_.j- 'i£\* ; ¦ ¦¦¦..¦. . L .' .. . . . .
Much Under RegitaJWen^ M^^pbp OOQQ^^^'^^.'^h.S ¦ a .7^'/C\^^T^L^Z'T^^^M,
450 dftWn-Swtsi wnbroUier^i, with • i^ *• "U"Vt T 1 "tf^l U/ Ol H 'i tf /Ok C? H f\ #• 1 a fcJ t^l^^tn^T/^h/!, ''}
tio«noj^*t f»>^» work ».r>»H^r*. f»«h»r» |l . H^fl H %/tfL/ 19 1 X-T W **% i H R fi~ I I I U |*i 1 ffM 33 PWB ftaTwA> V't'l //////< /
Sj^E^^t^cSBsap viuniiHi & v ci.fii.ftwo ivn «il I Wttii flff
rm with Itve© InsierUon and ntnlnit-oth. J,,k ' fe Slfi^^Mf JSS 1% I'll 1 > II r
«n ot »un linen, httnittuhed. flTM • S*> * V^" M • /* jT\. • I?1U l^Ssx. m ilk! I
I :SI?sL r This Crowning Occasion jHHHwf' i
Hale retailing made Its advent In San Francisco eight years ago next Thursday— ,™J]j^^^S^/ 111 W
uon^of ij^ftuiy «nd Btyi^^f«»^ r"rA N !i6o modestly— enthusiastically. Its growth has been steady, healthy, Inevitable. Doing ; |yjRp^v^^MW/'7//
r % , 7ZZ vntuZ ";»" v " % • common things uncommonly well Is as sure to tell as can be. Watching you, finding out H 'WvllS^ /''
Ghlcv9\\n what you like and what you don't like— getting what you want on time and asking but a fair V UJ i I
rtitU Rqtc nnr commission for the transaction— has met with your Increasing approval. V f^Jfj a^|l! ...
V-/1UU r>a^i>, t J /y. From that f|pst narrO w store at 935 Market, the business has widened and deepened till \J^'M / $t
dSfh 'S^^mS^iiSlltaMSiS now we have a mammoth four-floor building and basement In which to care for It. . X« W
sucs-!o inch, 12 inch, u inch and 16 Most fitting then for us to pause this week to commemorate the founding of the business.
We>n d0 lt wlth vaiues< GoodS( new and wantabIe » wIU be offered at anniversary prices.
iSH Women's Jackets-Tailored Suits. piowerTanTFoliage *S©»
Another Trade Scoop-The Sensation of the Season. Bricht nnd ntw _ ius , hcrt {rom thc miluf3Ctnrcrs _^ ™ ..jZggfN.
J ~>jj%3 Maker's business winds up long before the retailer's docs. sale to-morrow morning '*' -i*.'" *^i^fe4
The seller who is smartest then Rets the best, of the season. That's why we hurried our cloak a «- Ahflllt Hfllf Regular PriCCS. J2g$&s^x£2§'>
/\ V'«\ captain to market three weeks ago. AinonK other snaps he sent us complete lines of Jl. ¦ t th ttention to Fall Roods—
4^Ml%V Fatten Suits- from two of ihe for, most designers of the country—to chse out thcy l^ t "up S Sprin* business at once. ; Od.l T/
¦^P^/^^J^^ __- .- . r w t f -W* V~*l • dozens of bunches or boxes with a spray or two missing W
*w For About Half Former Prices. are Ssj^ ££( | smart '~*#£ b»* —^ «• •* «»
' Wh n n you understand ' • cream of such bargains.
—that they have been used as models— each is the best in its class. . 25c values for 12^C and 15C, 50c ValUeS for 35C,
—and that there are scores and scores of them— not two alike. 75^ and $1.00 Values for 5OC
-and that there's not a garment or suit in the city just like them. And of them duplicates of what we hal earlier in the season and
—and that the prices are close to a half. • • . . so \d so'- quickly. .."
, ' You'll get an inkling of what -a rare offering it is. , Among them arc: . » ¦}'¦)
Details are'out of the question. Just a general word or two, with a friendlv aJvice-^Come Foliages in all their different tints; also a great variety Of roses,
/ -^^W as soon as you can for best' choice. Suits $10.50 to $30.00. Jackets $7.50 to ?13.uO. the tiny Auno roses so popular Just now to the mammoth rose,
• ¦ - ¦• • . ¦ ¦ # ¦ \^ which is enough trimming in itself, and
idtmSiliiM^t ValueS '" '¦? • ¦•^¦" F 7 . 1 1.1C jLylC^S *Z7LUlld* Too^me'rous'tb iPention. They are important enough to have a bargain
«Plr/^ I$0& Rare P rices prevail this week on favorite, stylish fabrics. ¦_¦••¦ ¦• .¦ - # ¦ < . # ta bl e to themselves on the R-ound floor. -,' ¦ ¦ .
There is not a drawback to a single offer. The Roods are as new and wantabie as it is possi- < _ ; : >
*?ri&lf/f ble to have them. The variety is complete. : Such anniversary offerings as these will be long Crowning Values in _/****W»
\J rem \Vili e you share. them? . Oll^f^r\ t*l C—^ a S n^' cen^
$1.00 Flannel Silks, 75c Peau de Cygne. $1.00. y ' B'.ack Wool Crepes. $2.00. • IVlUUUll3 Offers. -'x^X
I Plain colors with small figured designs— Anew silk fabric, very soft, with a An entirely: new fabric— 42 inches wide, . > »/l#Abs^Ck\.
just the fabric so much used now for bright, lustrous finish— one of the nevr, very soft and sheer—broad satin stripes The r ;bbon section has prepared two stirring items tor ,^£j£g£jS£2«WV
shirtwaists— 12 choice shades from which desirable stuffs for full costumes— 21 running Parallel an inch apart. this week's celebration ' *&&Lj^ l^S*
p "-L*^ . . WMMMM&M* i For H MM inbh pfhh^n and Q ™- Q ™ n:m^r
Light, gauzy mousseline de sole on One of the strong . anniversary attrac- thing for your tailor costume— has a KIDDOn. . » f
which are heavily a PP 11^^ r n . K " r h e ?^ti ons this week—Winches wide-sponged bright satin finish and comes in all the T _ . exact Nos O 12 l6 and 22, and in the _- V?. : >=
are all our own-4o Inches . ; hrunk- m uch used for light sum- newest colorin g s-51 inches wide. WriiSS oVS^ I. brown yellow, violet and lilac-every yard.15 of
• Silk Crepe de Chine, $1.00. . ' / - French Poplins, $1.25. O -the best quality— free from a single fault, but marked for this week at
One of the new beauties-24 inches wide 45-inch Black Cheviots, 75c. . A strictly all-wool fabric, ta the new % their value, 5c ... .rw, - £ '* na'm^iu
SSJi 11 M the leadin& shade3 as weU as •SSh^TuS^d^taSff^--^-'"^*' rose> ¦ For2oc, 23c and 25c Moire and Taffeta Ribbons.
; " ; . ' g n d in the best quality, too^ — but in brpken line of shades — tha plain
*"^"S. -4 Crowning Values in j IOC taffeta comes in Nos. 30 and 40— 3 T A and 454 inches wide— also
Cg $% -_- %s*t W 1 1V about 500 yards of No. 12 (2 inches <widc)— extra quality of black
y&j\ Glassware— Factory s Clean=LJp. a^tts^s^i^' ribb01 '~ a " mrkcd i0T '"" """ TeraarT WKk "
r/J^^^^^Sy, More anniversary zeal. Seldom irdeed that good, merited merchandise of this character is of- r»nu/nmn Vnlnec in ; ¦ >*•**< L
fered under its worth, but we're after making: the offerings. this week as unusual as possible. urawnmg ruiucs in j^m
"^g^^^^j^pr 1 ' What could be more unusual than this glassware? - ... —— - # w-» J\ r*. +»**£**%¦*•
"^^ngS^n So staple and of such general use and in such immense quantities. I lUSllH U HQCr^W^w3.ri /^\
\f " - . 1 WO L^ariO 'US — OO,^UU rieces. We've prepared for this anniversary week some fine OSSfcpSsSK&JK^
Fine new goods, rieht from the factory. Stock men have been busy for days unpacking them. The patterns o ff ers i n • ;
are those to be discontinued, and we took all he had. That's why he made such a concession. A few details— read £ am b r j c Sets 5 DCS trilTl'd to Match. *^^^^p^^'
'_ . . . e underwear chief made a happy hit. when he. had , . \f
- f ~" "V A " - ; ' IO4 b^^VV^^H,' these garments finished the same, ard it's a privilege vow .
N^^_ \ v ZSi _s^~J- \ CO $> J don't pay extra for.: Of course if you want one or two or three garments—
V \2.b J f*b f^Tflh .?-. f^k ttr^Zhl '°f-^S^><^k>^3' we'll break the set. Prices here per garment or per set: ' ,. .
Fruit Stands. 20c. Butter Dishes. 10c. . 9-^nch Fruit Bowls, 15c. : -$ ..&£ " YpvJf^L '^^2 ~~
Regularly 40c— heavy glass— 10 inches Regularly 25c— blue glasa— heavy— in I^egularly 40c— with fancy edges and 5^&^"S } € >; &§^ \ . v . J "C^SLI^v-^
across the top — deep scalloped edges— fancy designs— finely finished— good size, massive foot. " \J±-3??&*t? t ~r^ . V ¦¦' - *•*¦- '
two shaues. (See cut.) / v . (See cut.) * '.:'.'¦ ¦¦•-_. . . ... ¦_ - TH-o-P-'Pieeft Cambric Set— Gown, chem- Pive-Pleoe Cambric Set— Gown, ehera-
r- 1 c* j t/> Goblets, 40c Dozen. iZ? fufrt ri^^irs and l corset cover— lse, skirt, drawers and corset cover—
Celery Stands, IOc. . Su^ar Bowls, IOc. Regularly 75c-fancy patterns-good J^f of toe soft cambrle-hanasomely made of fine soft cambrlc-handsomely
Regularlj' 25c-fancy • patterns-heavy Regular i y 20c-blue glass-best finish- crystal glass finely finished. trimmed with duchess lace and ribbon. trimmed with Battenber* lacepattern.
fhey7 a fi s?. l3h ( 0 s d ee £S£v& "" " • USUal ***~™y fancy. igj^j GIa88C8 , 25 c Dozen. -Gown $2.00 -Gown |2.00
8-inch Notched Bowls, 25c. Fruit Bowls, 12c. -Regularly 60c-fancy-nlcely finished. -Chemise J2.00 —Remise ...... £i.<o
Covered^used for stewed fruit-deep Regularly 25c-7 inches afcross the top < bee . cut -» —Skirt- ?Z-5O ~^~ * «7 "AX
and inneal pattern. \ —plain blue glass— 7% inches high— 8 Milk Pitchers, IOc. Drawers . .... $1.25 . — Drawers ?1.UU
Su*ar Sifters. 5c. J ' lnch and 9 Inch ones 20c- Regularly 15c— of crystal glass-holds . __c O rset Cover . . ?1.00 . —Corset Cover . . ?1.25
Regularly "l5c-usual size-heavy glass Preserve Dishes, 10c. j one quart-fancy designs. .. __Entire Set .... $8.75 —Entire Set $8.75
-fancy patterns-no rough edges. (See Re&u ] ar , y 25c-good heavy crystal Cake Stands, 12c. " : _. w Cambric Set-Gown, chemise, skirt, drawers and corset cover-maaa
c '¦. - glass— fancy patterns. ._ Regularly 15c— 9 Inches across— fancy * offlne cambric and richly trimmed with embroidery to match.
Fruit Dishes, 30c. , designs. —Gown $2 50 —Drawers $1.50
i&£?&£&£ii SSf^SnS'iS R7gularly W 5O S c-ro°nch ones-flared- . Water 25= Dozen. -Ohem!^ J ! ! ! I $2*.75 '. / -Co«et Cover .$1.20
at full price— 4 inches across the top— fancy designs— best glass and very sub- Regularly 40c— pressed glass in several _SWrt v " . . 83-00 — Entire Set . . .'.$11.00
(See cut.) stantial. ' patterns. oi " i ,'' •*• "¦" . ¦ . •'
AN INFORMATION BUREAU—STRANGERS WILL FIND IT OF MUCH HELP.
We've a thoroughly equipped section of the store for visitors. It's luxuriously fixed up with all the home appointments, even to .^^ J^^^^^K'to^?* 1 !^"' gS^er^w"be5Sa
It's the handiest location In San Francisco. But don't you know any one coming to town for first time? Write us at once for information— where to stop, vvnatio see. ,how W B ei meret we u De siaa
to tell you anything. . • - = .'••'¦¦¦•¦¦ ' ;' . "
§ Fashion in Furniture. Yes, as well as in dress. |
I In this "Empire" Davenport the age of luxury j
y and the age of utility^ are combined to give us
I fashion, beauty and comfort in furniture. Frame in
it carved mahogany. - Upholstered in solid color, raised L* Art Noveau
H patters Second Floor £65.00 , . . -"
I Combination Book If You *" yer y hn *y &*? 5ave man y a
'i CtiStS, $11.00 *JS3 tf y° u have but room they t
§ help make the most of it. If you have I
H jg^fS^W^p^^jg^^N^ much correspondence every needed article |
rj /wyG^5^»M^^'^^^r'-^' an d book of reference may be at hand. |
P ¦¦^y&'^llf 1 iT^T^^pw ' This one is made of selected, we)l fin- I
|| ' iR^'i *¦ "^ c^ g°^ cn oa^- H as glass door and |
H "tJ$$7jT. '¦¦ ! i if ' /^ s\ I2 m * shaped mirror. First Floor $11.00 |
1 j^^^ (^^S^| Mattresses to be relied upon |
H O ur Hair Mattresses are made in our own *•
II ZM4t¥t.Z£& g3Yy^r~t<^gafi upholstering department. That means new i
j fl^jf ftlfcr|nnt - *@jfl frc . sh a^d clean material. A double all \
R flf air mattress, covered with X X ticking, \
H aP W* well tufted; weight 30. lbs, for 5.50. j
M Single and j^ same price. ¦ Third Floor B
I We'll help you this week 1
fz To brighten up odd places about the house in turn for your help in clearing H
I] up » large accumulation of short lengths of matting. Some pieces large B
ji enough lor a small room, in 25 35 to 50 ctnt trades for 1 5 cents a yard. It g
0 will come In handy, too, when you go to the country for making cottage 1
¦ ts camp comfortable. Get it now. nrst Floor Bring your measurements 1
1 . " The Credit House." Six Stories High. j
I ' s t C^ iiijtfifiMyH^aVir o*""-*"* — I
Sale's.