PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC-NO. 130.
SAN FRANCISCO, OCTOBER 8, 1901.
NOTED OFFICERS OF THE NAVY TELL OF GALLANT WORK
DONE BY SCHLEY DURING DESTRUCTION OF CERVERA'S FLEET
THE LATE ABDURRAHMAN
KAHN, AMEER OF AFGHAN
ISTAN.
EMPEROR "WILLIAM OF GER
MANY, „\u25a0 WHO . IS HAVING
SPORT IN STAG STALKING.: ,
priests escaped with the more* valuabia
sacred' images and altar vessels. '- . :
LONDON, Oct. 8.— In Pavlouka, a town
of 4000 inhabitants, 120 "miles ' from \u25a0 Khar
koff, says a dispatch to the Standard from
Moscow, a quarrel between Stundists and
Orthodox church people led to a free
fight. The Russian church was wrecked
Eighty people were killed. The police
were" powerless and troops were. sent from
Kharkoff to restore order. The Russian
RUSSIAN CHURCH WRECKED,
EIGHTY • PEOP1E KI1IED
Abdurrahman Khan was the eldest son
of Afzul Khan, and nephew of the \u25a0 late
Ameer, Shere AH. He was a\ Barakzai
and v was born about 1830. During the civil
war of 1864 he played a leading .part on
the side of his father against' his uncle,
and. the great .victories of Shaikhabad-and
Khelat-i-Ghilzai were mainly due to \ his
generalship. In 1868 he suffered .'defeat
at the hands of his cousin, a son of Shere
AH,, and fled from •- the 'i. country
into Russian I territory. m He , remain
ed in Turkestan until" 1879, when
he made his way to the Cabul
frontier and a year later the . British
Indian Government acknowledged. him, as
Ameer of Afghanistan. From the British
Government he received a subsidy of
£160,000 a year, with large gifts of artil
lery, rifles and ammunition, to be used in
improving his miltary force. An attempt
was made 'by a Sepoy to assassinate him
December 26, 1888, but he escaped the bul
let intended for. him. His sympathies .were
British rather than Russian, and consid
erable anxiety was felt in England in
1894, when he suffered from severe illness.
He was made a G. C. S. I. and was invited
by Queen Victoria to visit England, but,
being unable to go himself, he sent his
son, who received a warm* welcome. He
was suspected of conniving at the rising
of the tribes along the Indo-Afghan fron
tier In 1897, but showed his friendship to
the British Government by refusing to
receive a "deputation sent to enlist his aid
against the, English.' • - .
Life of the Late Ameer.
| The editorials in the morning papers
express. confidence that, with a strong
Viceroy and a strong Government at
home, any possible complications follotv
ing the death of the Ameer will be firmly
and prudently met.
F There is, however, an underlying cur
rent- of uneasiness discernible as to'
whether Russia will seize the opportunity
.to push her frontier forward. The Brit
ish troops- in India, owing to the • South
African war, are now below their. normal
strength. It will be impossible, to take
any more for South Africa, and the news
will still, further encourage the Boers to
prolong their resistance.
army and the state treasury and the Su
preme Court of Appeal. He is regarded
as a •wise and temperate ruler, favorable
to Great Britain, but less masterful than
his father, and for this reason less likely
to be strong enough to govern the fierce,
unruly tribes or to resist the attempts of
his brothers to seize power.
It is expected that Lord Curzon will
postpone his intended tour of Burmah un
til the Afghan question settles down.
German Emperor Does
Great Stalking Sttmt
at Rominten.
Sofia Government Now
Suspected of Aid
ing Brigands.
United States Using Every
Effort to Save the Life
of Miss Stone.
If Ransom Money Is Recaptured After
the Missionary Woman's Release
It Will Be Returned to
the Contributors.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
\V.. WASHINGTON. Oct. 7.— Bulgaria, as
well as the Macedonian committee, is
charged with participation in the plot
which culminated in the abduction of
Miss Stone, the American missiona f .
The charge is of the most serious- -har
acter, involving as it does the posJ"jility
cf a breach in the friendly relations which
have hitherto existed between the Sofia
Government and- the United States. _A
careful investigation has not absolutely
established Bulgarian complicity, but a
suspicion exists at the State Department-
It is based upon official dispatches, and is
sufficiently strong to have been considered
by the authorities in determining the pol
icy pursued. This is the most important
and most surprising development of the
abduction of Hiss Stone.
That the Government of Bulgaria
Ehould have been placed in a position
where it could even be suspected of the
crime is a mystery to the Washington of
ficials. Bulgaria has always been the
hotbed of anti-Turkish plots, and It may
be that her officials desiring to involve
Turkey In further trouble with the United
States countenanced the movement for
the capture of the American missionary.
Cause of the Suspicion.
The suspicion entertained by American
officials in Bulgaria and Turkey may
have arisen from the failure of the Bul
garian Government to rescue Miss Stone.
Officials here admit that Bulgaria is act
ing under a. dfflculty, in view of the prob
ability that the use of force will result In
the death of the captive. Here is where
the international complications come in.
It is probable the suspicion which has ex
isted as to Bulgaria's connection with the
abduction of Hiss Stone caused the United
States to appeal to Russia to use its good
offices with the Balkan state to spare no
effort to effect the liberation of the
American lady. Bulgaria's situation in
Europe Is such that it is impossible for
the United States to reach her. She has
no sea coast. Her water frontage is on
the Black Sea, An American squadron
lies at Genoa, Italy, but on account of
Turkieh regulations warships cannot pass
through the Dardanelles. Thus entrance
into the Black Sea is closed. All that the
United States can consequently do 'is to
express to Bulgaria. In case* the suspicion
now entertained becomes absolutely con
firmed, its condemnation of the course
Former Assist antiSecretary of War .Admits
: His Participation in the Heistand |Stai
pany and Says 'There Was No Impropriety
Fear in .England .That/ Russia May Seizethe
Opportunity and Forcibly Extend 'Her
Frontier in the Disputed Territory
BULGARIA'S
COMPLICITY
IN ABDUCTION
TWENTY-ONE
STAGS SLAIN
BY WILLIAM
FLAGSHIP IN
- -GREAT BATTLE
Engages Three Spanish
Vessels at One Time
During Fight.
Hodgson and Folger Relate
Schley's Conduct While
Under Fire.
Brooklyn's Guns in Constant Action
While the Cruiser Was Making
the Loop That Has Ee
• come Famous.
WASHINGTON, Oct. \u25a0\u25a0 7.-Lieutenant
Commander Hodgson to-day again occu
pied the greater part of the time of the
Schley court of Inquiry as a witness. He
was followed en the stand by Captain
W. M. Folger, formerly chief of the bu
reau of ordnance of the Navy Depart
ment, but commander, of the New Or
leans during th 2 Spanish war.
Lieutenant Dyson also was recalled to
add some details to his former testimony
concerning the coal supply of the Ameri
can fleet during the Santiago blockade.
Commander Hodgson repeated and ex
tended his story of the battle of July 3.
giving the . . opinion that Commodore
Schley's conduct on that occasion was
such as that of a commander In chief
should have been. He also explained at
some length his correspondence with Ad
miral Schley concerning the alleged col
loquy between them while the Santiago
engagement was In progress. He said he
had no controversy with the commodore,
-but- he repeated- that the" commodore had
said "Damn the Texas" when . told that
that vessel was In danger.
Captain Folgtr said that the bombard
ment of the Cristobal Colon May 31 had
been eminently successful In developing
the . strength of the Spanish shore bat
teries, • and had shown them to be very
weak. He also said that if the Spanish
vessels had attempted to escape a*t night
they could not have been • seen 1 by the
blockading fleet in' bad "weather.
Testimony of Hodgson.
The day's proceedings began with the
recall of Lieutenant Doyle and Command
er Rodgers for the purpose of correcting
their previous testimony, and when they
had been excused LUutenant Commander
Hodgson, navigator of the Brooklyn dur
ing the Santiago campaign, resumed the
stand. This was his third sitting, and
when he began to-day's testimony the
judge advocate had not entirely completed
his questions. There were still a few of
the \etters constituting the correspond
ence between the witness and Admiral
Schley to be read, and when they were
concluded Captain Lemly and Hanna pro
ceeded with their questions.
"When the reading of the Schley-Hodg
son correspondence had been concluded
Captain Lemly asked Hodgson whether
his denial of the colloquy between him
self and Commodore Schley had ever been
published entire. Hodgson replied In the
MEIKLEJOHN EXPLAINS
ARMY HEMP COMBINE
AFGHANISTAN'S AMEER
SUMMONED BY DEATH
ADMIRAL SCHLEY'S CHIEF COUNSEL AND IMPORTANT WITNESSES BEFORE THE NAVAL COURT OF INQUIRY AT WASHINGTON.
Continued on Page Nine.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Oct. 7.— The sec
ond- trial of former Secretary ' of -State
Caleb Powers,; charged with complicity In
the murder of Governor William Goebel,
began 'here to-day. Governor Goebel's
brother Arthur was present. The defense
sprang a sensation . by filing . an affidavit
to require Judge • Cantrill to vacate the
bench. -The \u25a0 Judge thereupon adjourned
court " until 1 to-morrow. '.The affidavit al
leges ;in -forceful- language the partisan
feeling shown by the Judge In the former
trials.-: .,..., .
Object to Judge Cantrlll.
said he, j "is not only one of the ablest
lawyers in Alabama, but one of the most
highly esteemed citizens of the State.
This 'act of President Roosevelt will place
him in. the same high esteem in the South
in which, the late '\u25a0 President McKInley
was held."
.The remainder of the testimony taken
by the committee was not important. The
committee stated that it • would con
clude, to-morrow the taking of testimony
for the present." At -a date to be an
nounced later -some other witnesses will
be examined and the committee then -will
make its report.
proposed company. Hawkes had said that
he would- "get- even" -with certain- persons
in the hemp combination .if they did not
settle with him. He said that Hawkes
had told him he would have an investiga
tion, which would involve high officials
of* the Government. Hawkes had not said
to him that he would stop the investiga
tion for JSOO. ;
FORMER - ASSISTANT "WAR
SECRETARY 1 MEIKLEJOHN,
CONNECTED WITH SCANDAL.
States District Judge of the middle and
northern district of Alabama, to fill the
vacancy caused by the " death of -.Judge
John Bruce.' Ex-Governcr Jones always
has been ' a Democrat, * and was twice
chief executive of his ' State. He was
Geheral Gordon's adjutant' general during
the, Civil- War... In 1896 asTa gold Demo
crat ' he : supported Palme 1 *; and Buckner.
It. is understood that Booker T. "Wash
ington, the well-known negro educator,
was one of ex-Governor Jones' support
ers. The latter not only has aided Wash
ington in his efforts to elevate the negro,
but he opposed the negro suffrage amend
ment incorporated In the Alabama con
stitution. Representative. Thompson of
Alabama, a Democat, who learned of ex-
Governor Jones' ; appointment-; "from .the
President himself, upon leaving the White
House .expressed satisfaction . .over the
President's j action. .„;, "Governor Jones."
" L. S. Holt of North' Carolina testified
as to the conversations he had had with
Major Hawkes concerning the settlement
of the latter's alleged claim against the
;" Meiklejohn emphatically denied the in
timations in the resolutions authorizing
the inquiry that he had at any. time used
his official position to pay private obliga
tions. _\u25a0' '\u25a0 .
....... - Hawkes Makes - Threats. - »-
- Reverting to; the appointment of. Major
Hawkes to a "' position - in the Philippine
service, Meiklejohn' said that he' had told
Hawkes' attorney that, although Major
Hawkes had excellent, indorsements, j it
would not be in , the interest of the ser
vice toj appoint a man that was engaged
in' a controversy with an army officer, as
the civilian some time might be placed
in a, position of a subordinate to that of
ficer.
He said that, he saw :\o impropriety '\n
officers • of the Government . investing -in
such an enterprise as the proposed hemp
company* If ' they"desiretl 1> to do so. - y
Meiklejohn explained that the opening
and closing of hemp ports in the Philip
pines was wholly within the control [of
the military governor of the island's, and
he; could -not, 'aiid would not^ if he could,
have inconvenienced -him in the matter.
itary Affairs Committee at the
Heistand investigation to-day. He had
come to Chicago from Chihuahua, Mexico,
to testify. He detailed his recollections
of the proposed hemp company. He said
that when the proposition was made to
him by Colonel Heistand to take stock in
the company he replied that he would
give it : his consideration when he had
leisure. .; He 'declared that he had not
signed the "To whom it may concern" let
ter introducing "Major Hawkes with , : iis
official titJe. , Ke explained at length Ma
jor Hawkes' appointment, to a position in
the Philippine service, and asserted that
the .appointment ,was made solely upon
the .strength of Hawkes' recommenda
tions and upon that of his. record as; a
soldier.' He declared it had nothing to <3o
with Hawkes' controversy with Heistand.
• . Closing of Hemp Ports. :•
Tf \T y ASHINGT ON. Oct. 7.— George
A^ AV / D ' Melkle 3° nn > former Assist-
Ww ant Secretary of War, was a
< V V witness before the Senate Mil-
Continued on Page Nine.
lah Khan, who was regarded by his
father as bis successor, and had long had
a share in the Government, will I assume
the succession peaceably. He Is at Cabul.
For some years under ! his father's con
trolling hand he has had charge - of the
At Simla it is believed that Habib Oul-
the Ameer -of Afghanistan, has
reported to the British agent at Cabul
that the Ameer died last Thursday afW
a brief illness.
A dispatch to the Associated Press from
Simla says the Ameer was taken seriously
ill September 28. Habib Oullah Khan on
October 2 asked in durbar that public
prayers be offered for the Ameer. On the
morning of October 3 Habib Oullah Khan
announced that his father had expired at
3 o'clock that morning. Nothing is known
of the etate of affairs at Cabul.
No confirmation has been received at
the Foreign Office of the report of the
death of the Ameer of Afghanistan, but
the truth of the report is not doubted. In
view of the existing critical situation in
South Africa the news sent something like
a. shock through the United Kingdom.
Great confidence, however, is expressed
on all sides of the ability of the Indian
Viceroy to deal with the situation.
Before Lord Curzon attained, his present
d'gnitles he had traveled through Afghan
istan as the guest of the Ameer and had
thoroughly mastered the problem of Brit
ish policy in Central Asia.
Will Assume Succession.
LONDON, Oct. 8.— A news agency
publishes the following dispatch
from Simla, dated this evening:
Habib Oullah Khan, eldest son of
; WASHINGTON, '. ' Oct. : ;•* 7.-President
Roosevelt to-day; appointed "ex-Governor
Goods .; Jones of Alabama - to be . United
SELECTS A V- DEMOCBAT .•\u25a0' .
•':•.\u25a0. ; TO FILL COTTaT : VAOA1TCY
Herr Kauffmann, a few months ago, was
elected Second Burgomaster of Berlin by
a majority of the Common Council, con
sisting of Radicals and Socialists. Em
peror William j declined to confirm ; ; his
election, which is the privilege of \u25a0 the
crown, which also has the right, if the
vacancy, is not filled within a certain' time,
to appoint a Government official to act as
Second Burgomaster :. until an election
which the Emperor can sanction takes
place. /\u25a0, \u25a0-,---•' v •'' •;• ' \u25a0
The Chief Burgomaster, Herr Klrsch
ner, has sent a letter to ,••' the Common
Council, declining to submit for the Em
peror's sanction the name of Herr Kauff
mann,' recently re-elected Secon.d Burgo
master of'Berlin.
\u25a0 BERLIN, Oct. 7.— Emperor "William left
Rominten to-day, having killed twenty
one stags during the fortnight he spent
there*. ' He" weht'"ta "Hubertu"sstock~"the
imperial hunting j lodge near : Eberswalde,
where he will continue deer stalking for
several days. v \u25a0 " '. .- ' : .
The San Francisco Call.EPISCOPAL BISHOPS WHO ARE ATTENDING THE GENERAL. CONVENTION OP THE CHURCH AND WHO ARE
TAKING PROMINENT PARTS IN THE DISCUSSION OF THE MANY IMPORTANT SUBJECTS TO BE DE
CIDED BY THE PRESENT NOTABLE GATHERING OF CLERICAL AND LAY MEMBERS.
programme for to-day of the Episcopal Convention is as follows: . • ,\ \ \> r y
£ I 10 a. m f — House of Bishops resumes its session in Sunday-school room of Trinity Church. \u25a0 ' '•\u25a0
•|L I 10 a.m. — House of Deputies meets in Trinity Church in public. . V~.-W
X^jjy 11 a. m.— Both houses meet in Trinity Church as the Board of Missions.
11 a. m. — Daughters of the King (Junior Branch) session at St Luke's Church.
8 p. m.— Missionary mass meeting at Mechanics' Pavilion, open to all. Speeches will be delivered by vari
ous Bishops. Music by Third Artillery Band.
PROGRAMME OF EVENTS SCHEDULED
FOR SIXTH DAY OF THE CONVENTION
The feature of the debai? zvas the speech of Rev. Dr. William Reed Huntington of Nezv York
City, who introduced the amendment at the convention. in i8p8. He won a hearty^ round of ap
plause at the close of his address which the chairman vainly endeavored to; suppress.
Reports of importance zverc read and adopted by the House of Bishops yesterday.' The report
submitted by the committee on theological seminaries showed that the church is in. possession of
real and personal property to the value of five million dollars. • \u25a0
Bishop Perrin of British Columbia and Bishop Willis of Hawaii zverc introduced at the ses
sion. After an interesting debate the prelates adopted articles S,..cj and 10 of the new constitution.
The territory of China was divided into two districts to be known as Shanghai and. Hankotv. In the
afternoon the Bishops zvent into^solemn council. • ,
The Daughters of the King resumed their meeting yesterday morning at St. Luke's Church
and elected officers.
The triennial meeting of the American Sunday-School Institute opened. in Grace Church in the
morning. The session was continued in the afternoon and evening and, in addition to the election
of officers, considerable zvork in connection with' the institute zvas carried on.
The debate zvas participated in by some of the most distinguished clerical and lay deputies,
and the forensic-battle was keenly enjoyed by all who were . present at the sessions of the house. The
opponents of the amendment went dozvn to defeat, however, after one of the '\u25a0most brilliant contests
of intellect ever witnessed in this city. ' \u25a0 , . *
amendment to the^constitutioh providing for recognition of certain forms of worship of con
gregations notHn union witntihe denomination, but willing to accept the spiritual oversight of
Bishops in the Episcopal dioceses. Vj
opening of the second week of the General Episcopal Convention attracted large num-
B hers of deputies and visitors-yesterday morning and afternoon to Trinity Church.
\u25a0 The House of Deputies engaged in earnest debate during the day over the proposed
MASTER MINDS CLASH IN DEBATE
ON QUESTIONS OF GREAT IMPORTANCE
£Xyi<*-/'£r^TJ HEN the House of Dcp
£- 1 \Ja ut 'es of the General
n.l M I M Convention of the Epis-
BL I B^ I H copal Church resumed
its session yesterday
~" morning In Trinity
Church there \u25a0vras the
largest attendance of members since the
opening day. The upper galleries of the
edifice were crowded with ladies and vis
itors who desired to listen to the debate
on the proposed' amendment to the con
stitution by which certain forms o'f wor
ship of congregations^ not in union with
the Episcopal church should be recog
nized.
After the house was called to order the
reading- . of the Journal was listened to
and then reports of committees were
called for.
Hev. Dr. Baker of New Jersey, chair
man of the committee on a sustenance
fund, reported that the committee did not
reel that a fund was required, but hoped,
however, that each diocese would take
care of the clergy whose salaries were in
•uffldent for their needs.
A number of memorials on the death
of members of the church were presented
by deputies and referred to committees.
Rev. Dr. Hutchins, secretary of the
house, was placed on the committee on
| expenses.
Bishop's. Election.
- '\u25a0\u25a0^ff-'-"* '/:'•/.' ;».l>":. .
Major Fairbanks of Florida presented
the following- . resolution relative to the
election of a. presiding- Bishop of the
church:
Resolved, The House of Bishops concurring,
that section 3, article I of the constitution be
amended bo that the same shall read: Section
3. There shall be a presiding Bishop of the
church, who shall be chosen for the term of
elx years, on the nomination of the House of
Bishops of a Bishop having Jurisdiction within
the United States to the House of Clerical and
Lay Deputies, whose consent shall be necessary
to such election. The presiding Bishop shall
discharge such duties as may be prescribed
by the constitution and canons of the General
Convention; but if the presiding Bishop shall
resign his office as such, or if he shall resign
his Kpiscopal Jurisdiction, or If, by reason of
Infirmity, he shall become disabled, the chair
man for the time being of the House of Bishops
shall thereupon become presiding Bishop until
an election shall be had by the next General
Convention thereafter.
That the following words be omitted from
\u25a0 Rev. Charles L. Mallory of Milwaukee
presented a resolution that an article be
added to the amended constitution pro
viding that the entire constitution go into
effect on the first day q£ January follow
ing the convention. - The matter was re
ferred to the committee on constitution.
The debate on the amendments to the
constitution was then taken up on mo
tion of / Deputy Lewis of Pennsylvania.
A discussion took place as to limiting; the
speakers, motions being presented to give
each speaker five, ten and fifteen min
utes. ,,All,of the motions were defeated
Rev. Dr. Hughes of Newark moved that
the resolution be altered in order to make
its language more precise and conform to
spirit and letter of the doctripes of the
church. The resolution was referred to
the committee on constitution.
the constitution of the diocese, the'Gen
eral Convention consents to the change of
name thereof from the Diocese of Indi
ana to the Diocese of Indianapolis, and
that it had concurred in the adoption of
the resolution contained in its message
No. 7 consenting to the division •\u25a0 of the
Diocese of Massachusetts into two dio
ceses, with the limits and boundaries
mentioned in the petition of the existing
diocese. »--- ' ....
Messages were received from the House
of Bishops to the effect that it had adopt
ed a resolution constituting- the islands
of Porto Rico and Vieque a missionary
district of the church, and the Philippines
another missionary district; that it had
adopted a resolution that in case the pro
posed new constitution of the Diocese of
Indiana shall be adopted so as to adopt
section 4: "But the General Convention by
canon may reduce the representation to not
more than two deputies in each order."
That the following words be Inserted in sec
tion 6 after the words "Presiding Bishop of
the church." the words "and five other Bish
ops of the church," so that the same shall
read: "Section 6. The General Convention
shall meet in every third year, on the first
Wednesday in October, unless a different day
be appointed by the preceding convention, and
at the place designated by such convention,
but If there Bhall appear to the presiding
Bishop of the church and five other Bishops
sufficient cauee for changing the place so ap
pointed he may appoint another place. for such
meeting. Special meetings may be provided
for by canon." \u25a0 . •
• The resolution was referred to the com
mittee on constitution.
Deputy Bassett of Rhode Island intro
duced a resolution to, amend the canons
bo that each diocese should raise its quota
of funds required for the Board of Mis
sions. This resolution "was referred to
the committee on canons. ?:. .
Messages fron) Bishops
on a vote, and it was understood that
the debaters . should have perfect free
dom. v
Rev. Dr. Bgar of Central New York
then ascended the platform and as leader
of the debate, asked the secretary to agin
read the proposed amendment to the con
stitution known .as "section 2 of article
X." This section, which caused the de
bate of Saturday and yesterday, Is as fol
lows: •\u25a0'•\u25a0'
But provision may be made by. canon for the
temporary use of . other forms and directories
of worship by congregations not in union with
this church who are willing: to accept the spirit
ual oversight of the Bishop of the diocese or
missionary, district. ' „ \u25a0 \u25a0
It was agreed by the House that Rev.
Dr. Huntington of New York City, who
introduced the amendment at the conven
tion of 1898, should close the ' debate and
be allowed unlimited time. \u25a0 "
The first speaker, to ascend* the plat,
form •; was Rev. E. , W. . Spaldlng of Ala
bama, who was.' opposed to the amend
ment. In part Rev.. Mr. Spalding said:
Dr. Spalding's flddress,
\u25a0 I yrieh to correct two false Impressions: First,
that this ; resolution was carefully considered
at the last meeting of the General Convention.
I was not a member, but I am informed that
Articles of Constitution Adopted by the
Clergymen and Laymen Are Concurred
in by Members of the House of Bishops
PRELATES PASS UPON
-'IMPORTANT AMENDMENTS
also heard. The committee on permanent
Pjace of convention reported progress, as
dl «. also the committee on general relief,
ine Bishops after an interesting debata
adopted articles 8, 9 and 10 of the new con
stitution.
A vote was taken upon a proposition to
divide the territory of China into dis
tricts and it was decided to do so. China
will now be divided into the districts of
Shanghai and Hangkow. The action of
the Bishops will be sent to the House of
Deputies for concurrence.
The Bishops of Kansas and Vermont re
ported that the synod of Canada did not
hold a session last year and reported that
such a session will be held next year.
They were reappointed a committee to at
tend the session.
Widows' and Orphans' Fund.
The tenth triennial report of i the trus
tees of the fund for the relief of widows
and orphans of deceased clergymen and
of aged, infirm and disabled clergymen
was distributed in both houses. This fund
was instituted by the General Convention
/^g^HE House of Bishop3 held a
' . , jr 1 busy session yesterday morn
• # \u25a0- I in&- The attendance of the
lL I v Prelates was increased by the
X^to^7 presence of Bishop Perrin of
British Columbia and Bishop
Willis of Hawaii. The session
was an executive one and the Information
given out by the Rev. Dr. Hart, secretary
of the house, was meager. ' . •
A long report was submitted" by the
committee on theological seminaries. It
showed that the institutions of the church
were in a nourishing condition. It was
stated that two additional buildings had
been erected during th© past three years
They . are known as the Hoffman and
Eigenbrook buildings and are situated in
New York City. - \u25a0 ,>.:^ . . . •
The committee reported that the value
of \u25a0 the real estate was $2,200,000" that thl
value of the personal propertywas nearlv
at J3b5,000, and that during the past year
Reports from other committees were
Leading Theologians of the Church Cross
Swords in Debate on a Subject of Most
Vital Importance to the Denomination
BRILLIANT DISCUSSION
IN HOUSE OF DEPUTIES
Continued on Page Four.
Continued on Page Four
THE* SAN FRANCISCO GALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1901.
DEPUTES OF EPISCOPAL CONVENTION RECOGNIZE
FORMS OF WORSHIP NOT ALLIED WITH THE CHURCH
2
Take Laxative ' Bromo Quinine Tablets. -All
druggists refund the money if It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. •
To Cure a Cold in One DayContinued on Page Four.
jZjggKfrggfUE, triennial meeting of the
( *>uww American s un( j a y School In-
M I stitute was held yesterday in
ft. I . Grace Church. It was under
xfegsy the direction of the diocese of
California. . After the election
of officers for the ensuing year
the day was devoted to the discussion of
Sunday school work and the science of
teaching children.
The session was opened with holy com
munion, the celebrant being the Right
Rev. William Ford Nichols. The Bishop
also delivered a short address of welcome
and spoke of the importance . of \u25a0 early
training of the child. , He said:
All training in th'e Sunday school leads to
the altar rail— in' confirmation and holy com
munion. The uniform purpose of the Sunday
school is . to go onward. We sing "Onward,
Christian Soldiers," and bo these children are
to go on to confirmation and holy communion.
The Journey is always toward the altar rail.
The election of officers of the institute
followed. Right Rev. Dr. Talbot, Bishop of
Central Pennsylvania, was chosen pre*i-
dent, and one vice president was elected
from each diocese and missionary, juris
diction.
I The following were appointed to consti
tute the executive board:
George C. Thomas, chairman; • Rt. Rev. Oz:l
W. Whitaker, D.D.. LX..D., of Pennsylvania;
Rt. Rev. George Worthington, D.D., of Ne
braska; Rev. Reese F. Alsop, D.D., Brooklyn,
N. Y.; Rev. Jdhn Graham, Troy, N. Y.; Rev.
"William H. Graff, Philadelphia. Pa.; Rev. C.
B. Smith, D.D., of New York; Rev. George
"W. Shinn, D.D., Newton, Mass.; Rev. James
S. Stone. D.D., Chicago; Rev. R. R. Swope,
D.D., BiUmore.N. C; Rev. J. K. Hammond,
Highlands. Del.; Rev. L. G. Woods. Washing
ton; Isaac Peterson, Minneapolis; E.' Higgins.
Baltimore; A. J. Sparrow. San Francisco; W.
H. Roddls, Milwaukee; George C. Thomas,
Philadelphia; John E. -Baird, Philadelphia;
George E. Wetmore, New York City; William
R. Butler.' Mauch Chunk, Pa. ; R. N.' Meadc,
Richmond, Va. ; J. O. \u25a0 Johnson, Washington;
secretaries — Rev. ' Herman IS. Duhrins, D.D.,
secretary and treasurer, Philadelphia; Rev.
Richard N. Thomas,' Philadelphia; Rev C. E.
Haupt, St. Paul; Rev. W. C. Shaw, San Fran
cisco; Rev. William G. McCready,' Winchester
'Ky. \u25a0 \u25a0..••.. .':'-•- • ...':
Rev. H. L. Duhring presided'at the aft
ernoon session in the absence of Bishop
Hare. The general topic under discussion
was, "The Child and the Church."
"How to Worrhlp" was Rev. Dr. Bo
dine's subject; "What " to Learn," Rev.
Edward L. Parsons', and "How to Give,"
Rev. Arthur S. Lloyd's. These discourses
were followed by discussions on tha art
of teaching children in the Sunday
schools.
"The Children's Lenten Offering" was
the subject chosen by Rev. Herman L.
Duhring. He told the history of the
Lenten offering, saying tho work was be
gun in a little Pennsylvania parish twen
ty-four years ago by John Marston of
Philadelphia, a layman, who still lives
and who is still deeply interested in the
work. Last year the children's mite boxes
netted the offering $105,000. Since the of
fering began over $1,000,000 has been real
ized. . ; ; - \u25a0 .- / _
The Right Rev. Bishop Whi taker of
Pennsylvania '^resided at the evening ses
sion. Rev. Dr. Olmsted, rector of St.
Asap's, Bala, Pa.; W. R. Butler, superin
tendent, of St. Mark's school at Mauch
Chunk.- Pa:, .and George C. Thomas,
treasurer of. the board of missions, spoke
on "Practical Methods in Sunday School
Work." -- , \u25a0•\u25a0--\u25a0
Bishop Whitaker also spoke of prac
tical Sunday school work.
I don't want to say very much about the
merits of this resolution. It. has been <3:s
<u.=s<?d to the extent that it if* perfectly intelli
ivihle. 1 simply want to call attention to a
ir.atter that has t/wn overlooked— that is, the
practical effect of the adoption of this amend
ment to the constitution in the direction of
ululating the liberty of clergymen to act with
the panction of their Bishcp.
It is a proposal to regulate the liberty which
clrrady exists and which is taken advantage
"f in different ways and by different persons.
It la a provision that is connected with the
constitutional regulation in the use of the
prayer Look. What I want to specifically call
the attention of the convention to is the ef
icrx. of a negative vote on this question. We
are face to face in a practical way, gentle
men, •with a question which has been before
this church for fifty years. There is only one
thing for us to do and that is to vote in favor
cf it. "We are face to face with the necessity
of votinsr to show our attitude toward the
Christian people of this country.
Soutb African Affairs.
Rev. C. "W. Arnold of South Florida fol
lowed and said:
7"here are com* -who have spoken here who
•eetn to think that no emergency could arise
Jr^-nich t^i* amendment would be required.
I wua to call the attention to what occurred
Tiesoived. That not |at«r than 4:30 p. m.
the Rcr. Dr. Huntingdon of New York have
the floor to close the debate: that bo far as the
lattfr's epec-h is concerned the rule limiting
hitches to 15 minutes be suspended; that im
mediately ujKin th«> conclusion of his ppeech
the vote be takPn upon the pending resolution,
and that the session be prolonged if necessary
to allow the vote to be taken before adjourn
r-JT.t.
Row Dr. MoConnell of Long Island fol
lowed and paid in part:
mPON the opening of the af
ternoon session of the House
of Deputies, Rev. Mr. Brown
<;f Los Ansreles said he was
glad that wider scope was
fdven lo the discussion of
the second section of article
10 of the conftit'Jtion, which provides to
recognize forms of worship of congrega
tions not in union with the Episcopal
church undor the spiritual guidance of the
bishop of the diocese. In a short argu
ment he said he believed the prayer book
does not meet the requirements of the
entire country.
Unliroited Time Given.
At the conclusion of his speech, Rev.
Dr. Fuller of Pennsylvania offered the
following resolution, which was adopted:
Members of the Organization Hold Triennial Meeting at Grace
Episcopal Church and Elect Officers— Instructive Addresses
Are Delivered by Leaders in the Noble Christian Work
SUNDAY-SCHOOL WORKERS DISCUSS
THE OBJECTS OF THEIR SOCIETY
INTERESTING INCIDENTS OF THE GENERAL CONVENTION OF THE EPISCOPAL CHURCH WHEN THE
BISHOPS AND MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE . OF DEPUTIES DISCUSSED TOPICS OF BUSINESS OUT
SIDE OF TRINITY CHURCH, AND WHEN VISITORS LEFT THE SACRED EDIFICE.
/SS3gj2«ynE Daughters of the King re
' f\T sumed their business session
a I yesterday morning at • St.
&^ 1 Luke's Church. The session
was opened with the celebra-
tion of Holy Communion by
Right Rev. Lelghton Coleman,
D. D., LL. D., Bishop of Delaware.
The most important matter that was
before 1 * the Daughters was the elec
tion of a council. The following ladies
were chosen to serve during the ensuing
year: . •
Mrs. E. A. Bradley and Mrs. "Warner of New
Tork Mrs Peck and Mrs. C. B. Bouman of
New Haven. Conn.. Mrs. W. W. Wilson of
Chicago Mrs. Lesley Pell Clark of the diocese
of Albany. N. Y.. Mrs. E. "Witzel of Min
neapolis, Minn.. Mrs. "W. W. McCandless of
Pennsylvania, Miss Gail Harwood of Atlanta,
Ga. Mrs. William Trimble of Philadelphia,
Mrs. Adam Denmead of Baltimore. Mrs. W.
G Davenport of "Washington, D. C, Mrs. E.
Crait of Louisville. Ky.. Mrs. E. R. Lenner of
New Jersey and Mrs. M. D. Fletcher of Ala
meda.
Officers will be elected during the week.
Several amendments to the constitution
\u25a0were proposed, and they all evoked con
siderable discussion. The following
amendment in relation to charters was
the first to be adopted: \
Article II. section 2. (a) Chapters thus formed
shall send to the secretary of the council their
names, locations, dates of organization, list of
officers and chapter members, and certification
that the constitution has been adooted. to
gether with a registration fee of 50 cents per
capita of the charter members. In return the
, chapter shall be granted a charter and num
ber be enrolled among the chapters of the
order and each member shall receive a copy
of the constitution and form of admission,
(b) The same amount shall also be sent to the
secretary of the council on or before the date
of admission for each* new " member enrolled
after the charter has been granted. In return
the new member shall receive a copy of the
constitution and form of admission.
. The increase : in the membership of the
order has been so great that the free dis
tribution- of the ! Royal Cross, the official
organ of the order, caused a big loss. It
was found necessary to amend section 3
of article 2 so that a subscription, fee of
twenty-five cents a year can be charged.
It was determined hereafter to hold tri
ennial conventions. Article 5 was added
to the constitution.' It reads as follows:
Section 1. The order shall have a convention,
to be held triennially. , i. •
, There was no- definite settlement as to
the place of holding; the next convention.
Sec. 2. Said convention shall be composed of
one delegate from each chapter and one dele
gate from each diocese. • which delegate shall
be empowered to j voice all chapters in her
diocese which are not otherwise represented.
last year in South Africa, where a large body
consisting of about 10,000 persons, called the
Ethiopian church, with a Hishop ordained by
the Methodist Episcopal church, all of them
came to the Church of England. Our Bishop
and church in South Africa not having any
constitution were able to make provision for
admiuin,i them according to what they
thought proper into the church.
In our church we are obliged to work ac
pency might at any time arise In this church,
and therefore I think that it is most desirable
that an amendment of this kind should stand
in our constitution. If I had a vote I should
certainly vote fcr It.
Rev. Dr. Williams of Nebraska, was
next recognized by the chair, and said:
Whatever we do In this house or leave un
done. I hope that It will be done with perfect
candor. I do not think we ought to come in
here 4o pass any measure that is under the
Flightest taint of false pretense. The Bishops,
clergy and laity of Minnesota have chosen to
violate the distinct law of this church. I do
not r.ny they are not Justified from the neces-
Fity cf the case. I am not saying that there
is anything wronf in itself in this: but they
have violated the law, and the action of their
advocate does not cure that lawlessness. They
have taken Swedish congregations, rightly or
wrongly, into full communion with the church.
They have allowed a liturgy different from
that whl<*h this church has prescribed. Under
the same ruling and the same course of ac
tion we could have the Roman mass legalized.
There is nothing In the Roman mass of itself,
with the exception of one or two prayers,
which is in conflict with the usages of this
church. This is a very different proposition.
They are to-day violating the new consti
tution of this church by having congregations
in full communion with this church In which
the prayer book is not in use. Another objec
tion I have to this proposition is that it is
legislation in advance of any necessity. There
are no congregations in this land flying like
doves to their windows to {ret into the Prot
estant Episcopal church.
The Swedes of the country who are Inclined
to our church have been angered by the work
in Minnesota and alienated from the church
in greater numbers than the work in Minne
sota could possibly offset.
There is nothing in the Swedish work that
to-day can recommend any change in our con
stitution, customs or laws. Let these people
come to ,us upon right principles and our peo
ple will not object. Let them come upon false
principles and you do not win the Swedish
population of this country.
Speaks for the Negro.
Mr. Randall of Maryland took the plat
form at this juncture and said he would
not venture at that late hour to trespass
upon the time of the convention if it were
but It is generally understood that it
would be held in the city In which the
House of Bishops and House of Deputies
cenvene.
Beating by Footpads Proves Fatal.
FRESNO. Oct. 7.— John Kline, who wa»
assaulted and robbed several days ago.
died this morning. Kline received a knife
wound and was beaten about the head
with a coupling pin.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 7.— Th© court-mar
tial of Captain Sloat, Seventh Infantry,
N. G. C., has been concluded, and while
the findings of the court will not be made
public until General Last approves them
ard sends them to headquarters, it is
known that the captain has been found
eullty of at least some of the charges.
Captain Sloat would have retired in
December had he. as Major Prescott
carefully put it. "avoided the difficulty of
a court-martial." but. being found guilty,
he will be punished \u25a0accordingly. He can
be fined as high as $100 for each offense
proved, and should he be so fined ho
probably will prefer to offer his resigna
tion instead of putting up the necessary
hundreds.
Founded.
Berry's Accusations as Well
Regards at Least a Portion of Colonel
COURT-MARTIAL FINDS
CAPTAIN SLOAT GUILTY
Final Session of the Convention Held in
St. Luke's Church— Reports Are Read,
Addresses Made and Members Depart
Rev. William Reed Huntington, D.D., the
Foremost Debater in the Lower House,
Secures Passage of Important Measure
DAUGHTERS OF THE KING
ELECT THEIR OFFICERS
LEADER OF LOWER HOUSE
WINS A SIGNAL VICTORY
THE- SAN FRANCISCO -CALI^ TUESDAY; [OCTOBEK 8, 1901.
RECTOR OF GRACE CHURCH, NEW YORK EXCORIATES
ANARCHY IN THE COURSE OF A FORCEFUL ARGUMENT
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap is not only the best :
in all the world for toilet '
and bath but also for shav- !
ing. Pears was the in- j
ventor of shaving stick «
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, aQ sorts ]
of stores sell it, especially druggists. ' KContinued from Page Two.
Continued From Page Two.
in ISaS and during the last twenty-flva
years of its existence it has disbursed
about $300,000. Following is an Interest
ing extract of the report:
"Working along the lines' indicated in th«
foreg-oing paragraphs the trustees are glad to
report that notwithstanding the natural de
crease of royalties on the Hymnal and a fallin«
ot of legacies, amounting in all to about
JU.C00, the amount standing to the credit of
the fund is vet over J15.000 more than ever
before; that Is, shows a balance of $130,321 81.
as against $115,103 i3 the last report. Especially
grateful are the trustees that $13,5C0 more than
ever before was distributed among annuitants
It ought to be noted here that while legacies
and bequests received show a fallins off the
amounts bequeathed and of which we have
notice largely exceed that for any previous
period, also that the royalties on the Hymnal
begin to show again a goodly increase. The
financial tables which fellow will show many
other matters more in detail.
The report of the acting registrar of
the commission on archives and the custo
dian of the Book of Common Prayer was
also in printed form and distributed
among the members. Dr. Hart, secretary
of the House of Bishops, who holds this
important office, rendered an interesting
report of his duties and the happenings
of the past three years.
In the afternoon the Bishops went Into
council.
FLAG ON ELY CATHEDRAL, ENGLAND,
LOWERED FOR THE LATE PRESIDE T
y^lgjftep^HE following letter and poem written by the Right Reverend Charles W. Stubbs, dean of Ely Cathedral, Eng-
S I land, were received in this city yesterday by George C. Thomas, the millionaire banker of Philadelphia,' who
« M \ is in attendance at the Episcopal General Convention as a lay deputy and also as the treasurer of th<*/
: :^^^JV board of missions: • . '
- DEANERY, Ely, . September 20, 1901.
Mr. George C. Thomas— Dear Mr. Thomas: "When Queen Victoria died you most kindly sent me a. tele
gram of sympathy and followed it by a letter containing a service paper of your church, which touched me much You
will have seen by the newspapers how the tragic death of your President has touched the heart of England. Last 'week
at all our services in the minster the special prayers of our people were asked for the President. On the day of his
death the flag of England floated at half mast from the minster tower, and yesterday a special service of a mourning
character was held in the afternoon. This morning's papers are full of the accounts of the • services throughout the
country, at Westminster Abbey, at St. Paul's, everywhere.
I send you. some lines of mine, "In Memorlam," which I wrote and which appeared in last night's Westminster
Gazette, in which I have freely tried to express my sympathy. You may care to see them.
God have you all in his great comfort and overrule this sad death for the hallowing of your nation and the good of
all. My wife joins me in warmest sympathy. Ever most sincerely yours, CHARLES W. STUBBS
IN MEMORLAM. j \u25a0 ; \u25a0-/..\u25a0
"Good-by all, good-by. It is God's way. His win be done."— The President's last words.
"It is God's way!" Take comfort, 0 my soul!
His path of peace lies ever through, the land
Of sorro-w. Yet for all, -with saving hand,
He holds the wheels of life with strong control.
Brave heart! "It is God's way!" Christ's creed in truth
« Was thine. His prayer "On earth the reign of God"
• Was thine, and thine the dolorous w?.y He trod,
Victim of senseless folly, void of truth.
"It is God's way. His will be done!". Thy Xing'
Hath called thee, and for hard-won heavenly wage •
Gives nobler work, and loftier embassage, \u25a0
To be through Death thy nation's hallowing.
O Heart of Mercy! come with healing 'light.
Shine on her soul who sits with sorrow crowned:
Cnase far the shadows, till the day be found
. And cherished memories merge in perfect sight. :
Thou King of Nations and their heart's Desire;
O Cornerstone, man's starting place and goal,
/ Our manhood's faith in history's unread scroll
Enhearten with Thy Spirit's holy fire.
\u25a0 "\u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 ' s
O Sovereign Lord of Love, in hell's despite,
Bid war's black death and madman's rage to cease;
Oh, guide Thy peoples by the Way of Peace •
Through cleansing'splendors to the Gates of Light!
Deanery, Ely, September 16, 1901. CHARLES W STU3BS
RIGHT REVEREND CHARLES W. STUBES.'DEAN OF ELY CATHEDRAL, A LEADER IN ,THE CHURCH OF
ENGLAND, WHO LOWERED THE FLAG ON THE MINSTER TOWER WHEN NEWS OF THE DEATH OF
PRESIDENT McKINLET WAS RECEIVED.
LOWER HOUSE IN
-BRILLIANT DEBATE
Bishop Griswold is reported to have said.
"If the Protestant Episcopal church in the
United States ever dies it will die of dignity."
(Laughter.) But it !s not necessary for the
well-born to assert dimity. They carry it in
their look and in their gait. And this church
to which you and I belong Is well-born; well
born to a large heritage of historical tradi
tions; well-born to a boundless wealth of
precious opportunity. 'I say build large, not
for the sake of any little group of people that
may be found here or there, but for the sake
of setting this church right with the Chris
j tian public of this land. •
\u25a0 AVe have made in this convention our act of
uniformity— for that Is what this article 10 of
the new constitution Is— more ironbound than
i» ever was before. Remembering the history
of the British act of uniformity, can be go
home to our constituency and say that ln re
ply to any. appeal to open the door ever so l.t
\u25a0 tie to the separated brethren of other com
munions we refused? I say open the door.
Thl3 is not a question of high church or low
church, or what is vaguely called broad
church. It is a question of that far better
thing, comprehensive churchmanshio. the
churchmanship of character, of sympathy, of
the open door, as the open door. Is denned, in
the tenth chaster of the Gospel according to
Tha°t is what we want. I say build large. I
praise the foresight of the rntellteence which
here on this western coast is building and en
dowing two enormous universities. People say.
what does California need of two universities?
Look across the Paclflc. California, whether
she realizes it or not, is building for the Ori
ent as well as for the Occident. And in those
schools of learning who can foresee how many
of the leading minds of the great empires of
Japan and China will In the future be trained
to take their part ln the organization of the
world.
One Fold, One Shepherd
Tears ago when I was a young man ln orders
in the only charge I ever had before my pres
ent one I caused to be inscribed over the chan
cel arch of the little wooden church in which
it was my privilege to minister the words; also
from that chapter of the Gospel of the Apostle
of Love to which I have referred, "There shaU
be one fold and ons shepherd." One winter's
night the church was burned.
In the morning I went out to take account of
what was left. The roof had fallen in, the
tower was toppling, the windows were destroy
ed the chancel was gone, but there stood the
arch, and on it the inscription "There shall
be one fold and one shepherd." Christian unity
a* dead issue! The quadrilateral ancient his
tory! Never believe It. They were never so
much alive as now.
Let us do justice on the right hand and on
the left. I credit the evangelicals on this floor
with too much good sense to be Intimidated
In the least degree by the suggestions that
have been thrown out with regard to the im
portation of the Roman mass. There are
many things In the Roman system much more
objectionable than the mass. When I took
up the evening papers Saturday I found In all
of them a notice that we were to have the
mass in the Protestant Episcopal church on
the next day. it does not seem to me that
we are ln very much danger from importation.
I say build large; not only because we owe
a debt to the founders of this republic, but
also because we owe a debt to that grand
communion which has been transplanted to our
soil the Roman Catholic church. Nothing
will' persuade me that, ln the province of God, •
that great ecclesiastical immigration has taken
place without a purpose. I believe there is a
plan in it. I believe that they are to teach
the American people many things they need
to learn. I also believe, and we see the
tokens of it all around us, that mighty
changes are in store for Latin Christianity on
the continent of North America; that Latin
Christianity will become so leavened with the
principles which brought about the English
reformation that the time will yet come when
the Papal yoke will be thrown off and we shall
have a body of Christians here, catholic, but
not Papal.
And shall we not be prepared to meet them
on the right as we are prepared to meet the
children of the Puritans on the left?. I say
yes. I believe that both these, great repre
sentative elements ln American Christianity
have their part to play in the Church of the
Reconciliation.
Gentlemen of the convention, if what I have
said has weighed with you for anything I
hope that you will lend your influence and
your sympathy and your prayers to the
success of this measure, and in doing so win
the beatitudes of those who ln the beautiful
language of the ordinance do what in them
lies to maintain und to set forth quietness,
peace and love among all Christian people.
A vote was taken on the much debated
amendment and it was carried by the fol
lowing:
Clerical— Ayes, '30; noes. 16; divided. IX
Lay— Ayes, 35; Noes, 11; divided, 5.
An adjournment was taken until this
morning at 10 o'clock.
Let us be ready for large things. We have
been taunted with the fact that we cannot
point to large numbers of communities or con
gregations that are desirous of availing them
selves cf this permission, and we have been
toW that we are imperiling the dignity of the
church by taking any such steps, and we are
reminded that when the quadrilateral was put
forth it was trampled on. and therefore we
must not run the risk of compromising our
dignity.
means and under no circumstances to be con
nected either by belt or cable with the throb
bing, vibrant, religious forces throughout the
land— it would wreck the pretty little mode!.
I am not speaking contemptuously of that view.
There is something to be said for it; but 1
urge this, that whatever -else it 13, It is not
a catholic view. ; -
Again, there are those who actually believe
that, while admittlns the force cf what has
been said ln regard to the importance 01
church unity as such, the true policy of this
church is a masterly inactivity; that what we
have to do with our strength is to sit still.
But do those gentlemen really think that the
time i«i coming when the mandarins of the
great denominations will ask the privilege of
permitting them to kow-tow in the Protestant
Episcopal church? Do they really believe that
the day is coming when those mandarins will
knock at the door of the House of Bishops
and ask the privilege of knocking their fore
heads on Us marble floor? Any one who holds
that oDlnion Is entitled to it. I hold the ex
pectation to be an over-sanguine one. (Laugh
ter.)
Must Assert Our Dignity
The speakers at the pavilion to-night
will include the Lord Bishop of Newcas
tle, England, who is attending the con
vention as the representative of the Arch
bishop of Canterbury. The Bishop of
Newcastle is looked upon as one of the
foremost prelates of the Church of Eng
land, and there is considerable desire on
the part of the members of the convention
. general conventions of the
Episcopal Church are the
mass meetings which allow the public an
opportunity to hear the distinguished men
of the church.
M MISSIONARY mass meeting
will be held this evening in
Mechanics* Pavilion, which
the general public 13 invited
to attend. \u25a0 . t
• The feature of the triennial
PRELATES PASS
'UPON AMENDMENTS
Chairman Lindsay here announced that
the hour for adjournment had arrived
and informed the house that the deputa
tion of churchmen from Canada, would
be received this morning-. The house
then took a reces3 until 3 n. m.
The necessity of this resolution has not been
shown. Its harmfulness is obvious. This
amendment proceeds from a group of the fol
lowing of Rome. Where do we get the idea
of this amendment. It comes from a party of
the Roman church that lias been in existence
all through the centuries and seems to have
culminated around the councils of Constance.
Its influence has been most harmful. It has
brought no strength to the Roman church
and It will bring none of a permanent char
acter to us.
I submit that in the face of that fact a
measure such a3 is here proposed would pro
mote not order and unity, but confusion. I
believe that the consequence of passing this
amendment would be fraught with mischief
to the peace, the quiet and the order of this
church. I earnestly hope that this amendment
will not prevail.
Rev. IV A. de Rosset of Springfield op
posed the amendment. In part he said:
Were I convinced of the wisdom of this
measure I should have some misgivings be
cause there Is such an ambiguity in its mean
ing that it ou«rht not to go Into an instrument
like the constitution. It has evidently been
framed without that due consideration which
ought to be given to an article of permanent
importance in the constitution.
This is ostensibly a measure in the Interest of
Christian unity. That is what we all want.
But In a discussion like this we cannot con
ceal from ourselves and it ought not be con
cealed in debate that we are not at one among
ourselves. There .are serious . divisons among
us. «
Rev. Dr. Flske of Rhode Island did not
desire to see the amendment prevail, and
said:
late, but even the Ecumenical Council Itself
cannot give the Bishop a power that ha did
not derive from above when he was consecrated
to the apostolic ministry. In this resolution
there Is no restriction^ but it is simply an
indiscriminate giving of power which this
council has no right or power to give.
Another thing about this resolution is that
it is vicious in that it does not restrict in
certain ways of a most vital character. There
is no requirement which furnishes any guard
as to the character of the worship of the con
gregations or that the minister of such congre
gations should have the authority of thi3
church.
Opposed to Amendment
and the public to hear him.
Bishop Potter of New York will also
speak to-night. More than usual Interest
centers around Bishop Potter at the pres
ent time, as it is generally thought that
if the confentlon decides to change the
constitution and in future elect a pre
siding Bishop, he will be the choice of
the houses of Bishops and Deputies.
The Bishop of Kyoto will also be one off
the speakers and his wide experience in
foreign mission fields will give him an op
portunity of presenting forceful reasons
for support of the Board of Missions of
the Episcopal Church.
Burton Mansfield, a prominent citizen of
Connecticut, Is amonsr those who are
scheduled to speak at the pavilion.
The Thira Artillery Band will be pres
ent and render the musical numbers on
the program.
The meeting will begin promptly at 8
o'clock.
Distinguished Visitors Are Scheduled to
Deliver Speeches Before a Big Crowd
at the Mechanics- Pavilion This Evening
BISHOPS WILL ADDRESS
MONSTER MASS MEETING
EMINENT ENGLISH PRELATE WRITES A MEMORIAL POEM
UPON THE DEATH OF THE LATE LAMENTED PRESIDENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, 'OGTOBEB 8, 1901.
RfT. I>r. Fuller was next recognized
and gave an interesting and succinct
history of the amendment. He told of the
Lambeth, platform which was adopted by
the House of Deputies in 18S6. He said
he would be willing to vote for a resolu
tion that would refer Dr. Huntingdon's
amendment -to a joint committee of both
houses to report back to the convention
three years from now. He said the House
of Deputies ha-1 put in six years in
weighing the question, and he thought
it was wonderful that the house at this
day was,, ©n Dr. Huntington's side. He
AsRs for a Delay.
This resolution, adopted during these three
conventions, has a history which has been fully
discussed and presented by the learned deputy
from Newark, so I believe it is fully under
stood. In Its principle as in its subject matter
it it the very best of its kind that was ever
presented to this church. Its principle was
fully understood, and while I recognize to the
fullest extent the proposition of the reverend
deputy from Alabama, that each convention
determined for itself and on its own responsi
bility the questions that are presented for its
decisions. I do believe that it is not asking
too much of this convention to consider that
It Is possible that the convention of 1898. made
up of loyal, earnest gentlemen, may not have
been entirely indifferent to the interests of the
church nor entirely ignorant of what was good
for its welfare, when they voted for the prin
ciple of this resolution. The only diocese that
voted agalnet the principle of the resolution
was the diocese of Newark. When we voted
on this Eubject we knew what we were doing.
tVe may have erred and you may so decide by
yftur vote, hut we showed loyalty to this
church, intelligence and unanimity, which has
not been paralleled in its history.
The reverend gentleman referred \u25a0 to
arose and indignantly denied that he
used the word scorn or spoke scornfully.
Mr. Stetson created some mirth by with
drawing "the scorn." Continuing he
he said:
F. L.. Stetson of Xewark followed and
delivered a strong argument in favor of
the adoption of the amendment. In part
he said:
It has been my privilege to vote in favor of
this resolution or Its equi\-alent in 1S92, 1S93
and 1898. And I am not able to emulate the
example of the reverend deputy from Dallas
either to vote or to speak with scorn upon
this amendment or claim it will be destructive
of the church.
The president read the names of the
committee that will, with a like repre
sentation from the House of Bishops, act
2s a deputation to the synod that meets
in Ottawa. Canada, next year. The com
mittee is composed of the following mem
bers: Rev. Dr. Parks, New York; Rev.
Dr. Lawrence. Massachusetts; Mr. Miller,
Michigan, and Mr. Mynderse of Long Is
land.
Debate Grows Warmer.
I refer to the colored people. I come from a
Etate — Maryland, almost and sometimes classed
as a. Southern State, in which there is a col
ored people to which the church has been hold- v
ing out its arms and so far, Mr. President,
almost in vain, and I do sincerely believe the
passage of this amendment will result in bring
ing a large number of that population to the
bosom of our beloved church. We find that
we are not able to reach the illiterate because
they cannot follow the forms of the service;
because of their inability to read and lack of
Intelligence. We want such a form that thi»
amendment promises.
not for the fact that he was interested in
one class of people who are in great need
of the liberty which the amendment af
forded. Continuing he said:
Continued from Page Three.
One reason why we have not been able in
this debate to see eye to eye has been because
eome of us have been looking at .this question
wholly from the standpoint of the interior life
of the Protestant Episcopal church, while oth
ers have been looking at it not only from that
Four great questions confront the American
people at. this solemn hour when we are "ass"
Ing rrom an old century to a new one. Thesr
thTfiSSfi*"?!; 11 ? ? UStody of the sanctity -of
the family, the training of the youth to jrood
2.hE?" h & M<1^ 0Od character in the public
schools, the purification of the municipal life
of our great cities, the relation beVween
capital and labor. Towering up above To"
them as a Fnow mountain towers up over less
conspicuous but more important foothills that
clu-rter about itsjjase rises the question for
forces^ 801 '* 116 ih *"»#™
QuestioQs of CeQtury.
*,•£• Z our , 8erva nts thy works and their
children thy elory." While for the reason I
have given I have no disposition whatever to
express annoyance at any, acerbity that mav
have characterized this discussion I thin™ I
y *?*?? rd °, n . ed lf J expl " ess an emphatic sur
prise that, after having given twelve of the
best years of my life -to a laborious effort
perhaps not a wholly ineffectual one. to place
the standard Book/of Common Prayer on a
level where it could remain untouched for
generations I should fall under suspicion ot
wishing to deprave and disparage a work UDon
which bo much labor had been bestowed
I can truthfully say, with Robert Hall that
next to the Bible the Common Prayer is' th»
book of my understanding and of my heart
And It is for the very reason that I desire tn
Bee the spirit of that book leavening the
whole mass of American Christianity that I
arn^ advocating this amendment to our organic
i
»- „ 1, Z h 1, are Promoting this measure
f£ <r . s 2.-? onm)rtably aseured ln their own minds
that fifty years from now they will b« justified
in their sepulchers by what shall be done by
resolution of the two houses of the Joint con-
X Dt ?», that J. they are not much disturbed bV
the little acrimonies of debate. They reVnem
ber what the star said to the orator: "vhV
«> hot, little, man V And they comfort them
selves with the thought that though their woTk
to-day may be opposed-and it has been con
ihfaS w'ai fiS?*""-. to the
CanoQ Is ParamouQt.
<J^ ey 2 re P aralIe l. the only difference being
that, whereas, the United States possesses a
Supreme Court whic^can pass uoori the con
stitutionality of statutes, we have to Tall back
upon-the public opinion of the church and the
expressed opinion of the two houses in con
vention. That is the only difference. Therefore
a canon which u unconstitutlonal-and any
canon of the character to which I have referred
would be unconstitutional unless this amend
ment be added to the constitutlon-a canon of
the General Convention which is unconstitu
tional, js not worth the paper it Is written
w P h °,\ T Therefor ,e «n order to have the canon
which I have pledged myself to bring In it is
be eC c^n a S 2tutIon^' anCe tO Pr ° Vid * that ll sha »
Let me say in advance, by way of allaying
anxiety. If possible, and removing misappre
hension, that in case this amendment be adopt
ed by both houses it is my intention at the
earliest possible moment to bring in a canon
which shall embody all of the provisions con
tained in the amendment superseded bv Dr.
Faude's resolution. I cannot, of course guar
antee that that canon shall be passed- that
s for you to say. But I can pledge myself,
ir pledge be needed, to bring ln a canon which
shall embody all those features, for I am as
much convinced to-day as I was three years
ago that they are necessary features.
I shall not try to produce a substitute, be
cause I see the truth of what my colleague in
the law deDutatlon from New York has 30
powerfully set forth, that constitutions are for
the enumeration and not for the detail of the
account of rights and duties. Moreover, speak
ing; directly to the clerical deputy from Penn
sylvania, whose courtesy and kindness I cannot
acknowledge in too warm terms, and whose
fidelity to the principles of the quadrilateral
by keeping it at the masthead of his journal
for a dozen years, no one appreciates more
kt-enly than I do, I would remind him, for he
is a lawyer of either law, as well as historian
and theologian— I would remind him that the
constitution is not the place for sanctions- a
canon is the place for sanctions.
And here I want to dwell upon a point which
has been already touched upon, but not per
haps properly emphasized; that the reason why
we want this thing in the constitution is that
a canon may become possible. Everybody
knows that the parallel is perfect, or almost
perfect, between the constitution of the Unlt°d
States In its relation to statute law and the
constitution of this church in relation to canon
asked if it would not be worth three
Sf 7 1 m »f re ,?' a!tin S order to have the
whole church vote and then get this
fc™te n d?o°r n m Of ?* Huntin^on in its per!
nf A p??lt SSa8: f was rec eived from the House
«p« th»? P i? i nf ° rinln F the House of Depu
l™ y^ythad received the report of the
reii? ft, f rJ ru8te fV f the * eneral cler ey
nrilL n l an , d nad Erected its being
printed in the Journal.
nf T^vf" 3^ was re ccived from the House
had LHoJ?t S J n fK rm^f the de P u ttes that it
had adopted the following resolution:
Thl??h' e<i /n he . House of De PU«es concurring,
Jm»tiV« foll ° wI , n * change be made in the con!
marti & and . Ulat * h « proposed alteration be
thot \u2666£ ° the Eever al dioceses In order
fiSnera?* Z! u aV 1* ad0pte<1 ln the next
urov.v.L. f ?K lion ln romance with the
precisions of 'the constitution, as follows:
-tUMM e f 5 r 8ectlon 3 ' article I, of the con
..tltatlon as finally agreed to and ratified by
this convention, the following: .
Section 3. The House of Bishops, by vote
sL? M nty ,°i J? 11 the Bish0 » )s entitled a
seat in the said house, shall elect one of the
Bs^hops having jurisdiction within the United
fiJL \u2666 ?. r ronflrmaticn by the House of Depu
%T« b « the presiding Bishop of the church.
The presiding Bishop shall hold office for three
jears. He shall discharge such duties as may
be prescribed by the constitution and the
canons of the General Convention. But If the
presiding Bishop shall resign his office as such
or if he shall resign his Episcopal Jurisdiction
or if for any other cause a vacancy in the
office shall occur, the senior Bishop by coh
secretl-jn having jurisdiction within the United
shall thereupon become the presiding
Bishop until the House of Bishops shall elect
an acting presiding Bishop who shall hold ofnee
until the next meeting of the General Conven
el "t <?' h the P resi <iing Bishop shall be
The proposed amendment was referred
to the committee on amendments.
M. F. Gilbert of Springfield, 111., earn-
L P r °tested that the convention had
no right to pass a canon like that pro
posed, infringing upon the rights of the
episcopacy. He protested further that
they had no right to Inject even into the
organic law of the church "anything
which would detract from that divine
right given -our most holy fathers, the
episcopacy of this church."
Dr. Huotington's Speecb
Rev. Dr. Huntington was then invited
to close the debate. In part he said:
DEPUTIES AMEND
THE CONSTITUTION
jHBfc. NE of the central figures in the
/ \\ *^» Episcopal Church Convention
i \\ is Rev. Dr. William Reed
Hk \\ J Huntington, rector of Grace
Church. New York City, who
delivered a brilliant speech yes
terday afternoon In the House
of Deputies.
Dr. Huntington fathered the amendment
to the constitution of the church which
caused the debate on Saturday and yes
terday. After ten years of faithful work
he has finally put through the House of
Deputies an amendment so that the
Bishops of the Episcopal church may, if
the HouFe of Bishops also passes the
measure, give spiritual oversight to cer
tain congregations not in union with the
denomination and whose forms of wor
ship are not those of the American
\u2666 church.
Rev. Dr. Hunting-ton was born in
Lowell, Mass, Setember 20, 183S, and
graduated from Harvard in 1859. He is a
doctor of divinity of Columbia, Princeton
and Harvard universities. He is doctor
of civil law of the University of the South
Rev. Dr. Huntington 13 a personal friend
of J. Pierpont Morgan and came with the
millionaire to this city in his special
train, being one of his guests at the
Crocker house during the convention.
"The Church Idea"; "Conditional Immortal
ity": "Popular Misconceptions of the Episco
pal Church"; "The Causes of the Soul"; "The
Peace of the Church"; "Short History of the
Book of Common Prayer"; "The Spiritual
House"; "A National Church"; "Psyche, a
Study of the Soul"; "Four Key Words of Re
ligion"; "Sonnets" and "A Dream."
; He has also written many pamphlets
on liturgical revision, church unity and
woman's work in the church. •
He was married in 1S63 to Theresa,
youngest daughter of the late Edward
Reynolds, M. D., of Boston, Mass; a
niece of Wendell Phillips.
He wan ordained deacon in 1861, priest
In 1862, curate in 1862 and was rector of All
Saints Church, Worcester, Mass., from
1862 to 18S3. Since 1883 he has been rector
of Grace Church, New York City.
Rev. Dr. Huntinerton has written many
works, including the following well known
books: ' „ - _
and doctor of literature of Hobart Uni
versity. . . -
Leader in House of Deputies Is an Author
of Renown and an Orator Who Ranks
Among the Foremost in This Country
REV. DR. HUNTINGTON
IS A VERSATILE RECTOR
The second false Impression is that if it had
been so considered that does not relieve this
house from the same careful consideration «f
the subject. I think that in acting for the
Lord we ought to be at least as careful a*
the courts are in regard to the laws that are
passed for human government and these mat
ters ought to be very thoroughly and carefully
considered before we commit them to action
There is a false principle -underlying thu
resolution; our Bishops do not derive thM?
authority from constitutions and canons but
from their consecration. The Bishora with
the rest of the church, can restrict and'rlw-
it was a substitute for the resolution of the
Rev. Dr. Huntingdon, and lt» was - brought in
at the last moment and seemed to have been
passed under the shadow of a great name ana
a man who had a reputation for being very
conservative,- who Is now in paradise. There
fore I submit that It can hardly be said that
this resolution was duly considered. .\u25a0
ago by the clerical deputy from Washington?
as s' i carer ire Svss
Hnn^w enter J n "> the conscientious objec
tions that are brought forward here by ths
opponents of this measure, but it is T difficult
rh^Vi lnstancea 'to estimate their value!
I heard a humorous definition the other da v
?n., a vS eSSi ?J lst: A Palmist is on! who, find
ing _ himself confronted by a choice between
two evils, chooses both. (Laughter) The
opponents of this measure had open to them
tw t^i tlnctly mark % d lln es of opposition: On™
as th? h W h^ UP 1 rflu ?" s le & ls lation. inasmuch
as the bishops already possessed amply the
powers that it was proposed to bestow u Don
them; and the other line, that the adopHoTo"
thl church ™?i n f t e: W ° Uld lmperil the CItadel ot
Having been offered the choice between these
two legally contradictory positions, theyde
liberately, chose both. I can quite understand
persons who start from definite convictions
lth regard to a position mistaking the line
that the opposition has taken, if we can con!
ceive of a church -whose members/ where no"t
comprised potentially of the whole body of
the public throughout the entire limits of the
v?^ 1^' t A^ y , re , c ognlzlns that the only di
visions of Christendom ought to be geographi
cal divisions,. If such a one. repudiating that
view of .the matter, says that the Protestant
Episcopal church is not such that as It It Is a
little working model of what a church ought to
be (I see some of the deputies are smlllnirt- that
was brought forward deliberately by one of
the most learned Protestants, that sort of an
illustration was urged in the House of Deputies
three years ago by one of Its most learned and
respectable members, namely that the
Protestant Episcopal church Is a little work
ing model of what a church ought to be kept
under a glass case, provided with Its own little
boiler and Its own little dynamo, for the ad
miration of those who look at - It, by no
point of view, but also from the point of view
of the patriotic American citizen.
If I may in the brief time at my command
bring out by a few illustrations the truth
of what I have said, and if I shall persuade
you that any legislation that- does ever so lit
tle—and O how little it will seem to our
brethren of other communions when they read
it— if I can show you the connection between
the question of Christian unity and those four
other questions that I have mentioned, and
can demonstrate by illustration the superiority
of the one over the four I shall have carried
my point.
It is superior to them all because they are
In a measure independent . of one another;
whereas the question of the unification and
correlation of the 'religious forces of the repub
lic touches upon every one of them infinitely,
vitally.
The question of the family. There is on our
table. at the present moment a memorial from
the diocese of New York asking us to take
steps to see whether we cannot procure united
action on the part of the religious bodies of
this country to bring about uniformity In the
legislation relative to- marriage and divorce.
Could there be a more sensible suggestion? '
Do we not all know ; that it is a truly vital
one. Are we not all \u25a0 perfectly sure, as. sure
as we are sitting here, that nothing will come
of It? Why? 1 Because of . our unhappy divi
sions. Did you notice that the Bishop of Mis
souri, In opening the missionary • meeting the
other day, chose that prayer which refers to
our unhappy division as the one petition which
ought to ' lie at the- threshold of any consid
eration of missionary work? He did that with
a purpose, I- am • sure.
Suppression of Anarchy
Next, the question of education. The Jour
nalists and the publicists of this country are
turning their attention to-day almost exclu
sively to the .consideration of the question of
anarchy. How may we suppress anarchy?
Can we do it by more restrictive immigration
laws? Can we do It by heavier penalties for
Again, the question of labor and capital
One of the most respected. If ono of the earli
est of the now countless army of writers on
industrial problems— I refer to Thornton, than
whom there is no higher authority— expressly
records his conviction that in the Christian
church— and in the Christian church alone are
lodged the forces that can control the selfish
Again, the question of municipal purity. Who
that recalls the influence exerted within this
past year in the chiefcity of our land by a
protest addressed by the Bishop of the diocese
in which that cjty lay to its chief magistrate;
who that has studied the effect of Bishop Pot
ter s pronunclamento upon the civic life of New
York during the paBt year can hesitate for a
moment to -believe that if that utterance had
come not from th» representative of a mere
fraction of the Christian population of the
city, but from its whole Christian population,
New York would^ have been shaken to its
center?
Why is not that simple teaching instilled Into
the tender minds of the children of our land?
you know perfectly well why. You know per
fectly well why it is. that the little knot of
agnostics can defy the armies of the living
God. It is because those armies are divided
and distracted.
attempts upon the life of the Chief Magis
trate? Can we do it by banishment? Ah! my
brethren, there is no hasty cure for anarchy.
You may try your prisons and your electric
chairs, and all that. What does that mean
to a man who has persuaded himself Into the
conviction that he is a martyr?
The only thing. that will eradicate anarchy—
and It will not do it in a moment, it will take
J^ars— is a system of public education that
shall embody ethics. The children of the re
public to-day are taught at the public expense
almost everything except the simple Hruth
summed up in the church catechism in an
swer to the questions "What is thy duty toward
God? And what is thy duty toward thy
neighbor?" In neither of those answers is there
a single sentence that need disturb the-susr
ceptibilities of any Christian man, Roman
Catholic or Protestant; nay, the Hebrew might
absent. . .
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
jMtf^Ti I ""ere
/ alVi i /L V ave beeix i
/) \&^s\ times when
V^JW-^^a/i beasts have
<^^^ merciful
than
human beings, and spared the woman
cast to them in the arena. It is astonish-
ing how little sympathy women have
for women. In the home the mistress
sees the maid with the signs of suffering
she recognizes so well, but she does not
lighten the sick girl's load by a touch of
her finger. In the store the forewoman
sees the pallor and exhaustion which
mark womanly weakness, but allows
nothing for them. It is work or quit.
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription
makes weak women strong. and sick
women well, by curing the womanly
diseases which undermine the health
and sap the strength. « Favorite Pre-
scription" establishes regularity, dries
weakening drains, heals inflammation
and nlceratjon, and cuffes female weak-
ness.
"When I first comraeaced usia? Dr. Pierce's
medicines." writes Mrs. George A. Strong of
Gansevoort, Saratoga Co., N. Y. \u25a0 « r was suffer-
ing from female weakness, a disagreeable drain
beanng-down pains, weak and tired feelinr sli
the time. I dragged around in that wav for
two years, then I began taking your medicine.
After taking the first bottle I began to feel
better. I took four botles of Dr. Pierce's Favor-
ite Prescription, two of 'Golden Medical Dis-
covery,' one vial of the ' Pleasant Pellets • also
Mscd one bottle of Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy.
I*ow I feel like a new person. I can't thank you
caough for your kind advice and the good your-
medicine has done me." --• ,
\u25a0* Favorite Prescription" makes weak
"vomen ; strong, sick women well. Ac-
cept no substitute for the medicine which
Dorics wonders for weak women.
I>r. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are the
*aost desirable laxative for delicate
women. ' \u25a0'[• ..-'-
What this Boy's
Mother Says
has been said by the mothers of
many other boys and girls, re-
garding the wonderful curative
and strengthening qualities of
m«J;« Nervine
' m _. Hasting, Neb.
Our little boy, Harry, had spasms
3 years and we feared the disease
would affect his mind. Though we
doctored continually he grew worse and
had ten spasms in one week. Our at-
tention was directed to Dr. Miles' Nerv-
ine and we began its use. When he "
had taken the fourth bottle the spasms
disappeared and he has not had one
for fire years. His health row is per-
fect" Mrs. B. M. Tixdall.
Dr. Miles' Remedies are sold
by all druggists on guarantee to
benefit or money refunded.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, !nd.The carat used in estimating the weight
of gems is a grain of Indian wheat.
Captain J. H. Cameron of the bark
Theobald reports to the Hydrographic of
fice that on June 10, 1901, at 2 a. m., while
running along with a moderate breeze
and perfectly smooth water a sea rolled
vtp, breaking all over the vessel. It was
accompanied by a rumbling sound, which
lasted half an hour, when the sea became
perfectly smooth again. Latitude 54 de
grees 18. minutes north, longitude 164 de
grees 10 minutes .west.
On June 5 the Theobald sailed from Na
naimo, B. C, for Dutch Harbor with a
cargo of coal. A few days ago she arrived
back here with a cargo of coal from Se
attle.
Was It an Earthquake?
. Yesterday's contests between th» Bene
dicts and the Angrels turned out to be one
of the greatest of the season. It was a
twelve-round battle royal,- an exhibition
of pretty hitting, steady box work, sharp,
snappy fielding and just errors enough to
make . the - plays close. It- was voted by
the slim crowd In attendance to be one of
the most remarkable games of the sea
son, the only thing lacking being the
spectators. Dr. Moskiman and Jones were
In the points" for their respective teams,
Altrock taking Jones' place in the tenth.
1 -th pitchers were touched lip rather
lively at times, but the doctor displayed
his old-time coolness In tight places and
once niore steeied the Unfortunate crip
ples to, a well earned victory.
Oakland had everything its own way
until the Looloos made their Baltimore
finish In the ninth. In the Initial round
Strieb's triple, together with singles by
Mohler and Eagan and Householder's er
ror, netted two runs for the Dudes. Again
in the sixth the bell rang for the com
muters, the.' result of hits by Strieb and
Babbitt and an error by Jones. Little
Mohler did another great stunt in the
seventh and earned a round of applause
by placing tho sphere on the other side
ot the center field fence.
The score stood ; four to one when the
Angels made their last stand in the ninth.
Kllim got hit by a pitched ball, but soon
after was caught trying to make third
on Reltz's slntjle. . Reilly was an easy
out, and the spectators were preparing to
make their exit when old "Hank" Spies
tore off a two-bagger, scoring Reitz. Hall
was put in to bat in Jones' stead and he
responded .with another drive, enabling
Spies to cross the rubber. Dougherty was
there with the goods when his turn came,
and he brought Hall home, tying the
score, Hall previously going to third on
a hit by Hemphlll. Householder ended
the good work by fouling out to Hanson..
The game went merrily on for three ex
tra Innings, neither team being able to
score, though both came dangerously near
doing so. Hanson opened the twelfth with
a safe drive and took the middle station
on Mohler's sacrifice. Old Peter struck
out, and Striab sent a hot one toward
Kihm. The big first baseman captured
the ball, but in doing so fell down and
dropped it. He was up In a twinkling
and returned the sphere to Spies in light
ning order in an effort to head off Han
son, who was tearing home. It was a
close call, but Levy called the runner
safe, and all was over but the shouting.
- Schmidt played a great game In the left
garden, pulling down several that looked
safe. In the eighth Kihm robbed Mos
kiman of a clean double by a great fun
ning catch. Altrock took the slab In the
tenth and Immediately fanned out ' Loh
man and Mohler. The score: ,
OAKLAND. ;
AB. R. BH. SB.PO. A. E.
Mohler. 2b 5 2 3 0 6 6 0
Lohman, lb 5 0 0 0 14 1 0
Strieb, rf 6 2 2 2 3 10
Eagan, as 5 0 10 14 0
Moekiman, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Babbitt, 3b 6 0 2 0 14 0
Schmidt, U 5. 0 1 0 3 1 0
Croll, cf 5 0 0 0 5 0 0
Hanson, c 5 12 0 3 00
. Totals 45 5 11 2 36 18 0
. LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hemphill, If 5 13 0 10 0
Dougherty, rf 5 0 2 0 2 2 0
Householder, cf 6 0 10 0 0 1
Atherton, as 6 0 2 • 0 :-4 r 3 ' 0
Kihm, lb 8 0 0 0 17 0 1
Rcitz, 2b 5 1 2 0 2 6 0
Rellly. 3b 5 0 10 0 2 0
Spies, c 5 1 3 2 9 3 0
Jones, p 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Hall* 1110 0 0 0
Altrods p — .1 0 0 '0 0 10
Totals 45 4 14 2 35»* 16 3
•Batted for Jones in ninth inntnff.
••One out when winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Oakland 2 000011000 0 1—6
Base hits 3 0001210201 1—11
Los Angeles ...00 000 10080 00—4
Bas« hits 1 010031161 1 0—11
SUMMARY. , -
Runs responsible for — Moskiman 4, Jones 3.
Home run — Mohler. Three base hit — Strieb.
Two base hit— Spies. Sacrifice hits— Dougherty,
Kihm, Mohler. First base on errors— Oakland 1.
First base on called balls— Oakland 3, Los An
geles 1. Left on bases— Oakland 7, Los_ Angeles
10. Struck out — By Moskiman 1, by Altrock 4,
by Jones 4.- Hit by pitcher— Kihm 2. Double
plays— Eagan to Mohler to Lohman, Strieb to
Lohman to Mohler. Time of game— 2 hours and
5 minutes. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer— W.
S. MacFarlln. \u25a0
Both Teams Play Fast Ball
and Make a Hurri
cane Finish.
Kihm's Unfortunate Er
ror Loses the Game
i for Los Angeles.
BENEDICTS WIN
IN THE TWELFTH
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Argyll New York via Panama Oct. 8
Kvarven Portland Oct. 8
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Oct. 8
Edith Seattle Oct. 8
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Oct. 8
Despatch San Pedro Oct. 8
North Fork Humboldt Oct. 8
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 8
Eureka Humboldt Oct. »
Mariposa Honolulu Oct. 9
City of Puebla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 9
Tltania Nanaimo Oct. 9
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 10
Crescent City. Crescent City Oct. 10
Noyo Humboldt .' Oct. 10
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct 11
Point Arena... Point Arena Oct. A
Arequipa .Valparaiso & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Se3ostris Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 12
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 12
Pomona. Humboldt Oct. 12
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 11
Rainier Seattle & New What.. Oct. 14
Rival Willapa Harbor Oct. 14
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 8.
Santa Barb.. Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Memphis Hamburg & Way Pier 27
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Aberdeen Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
October O.
Despatch Seattle & Fairhavn 5 pm Pier 3
Mandalay Coqullle River 5 pm Pier —
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 11
October 1O.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier —
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Alliance Portland & C. Bay 9 am Pier 3
Hyades N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 38
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
October 11.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 12.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Alameda Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
October 13.
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Arcata C. Bay & Pt. Orfd. 10 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
October 14.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier SS
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ' From. Due.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Bertha Valdez and Kodiak.... Oct. 10
Al-Kl Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 10
Queen Noma Oct. 10
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Dirlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 15
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 7.
Stmr Cella, Higglns, 20 hours from Albion
Stmr Geo "W Elder, Randall, 65 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 47 hours.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 40 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 15 hours from
Fort Brasg.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, S3 hours from Moss
Lending, etc.
Stmr Bonlta. Nopander. 28 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicholson. 12 hours from
Moss Landlnz.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Celia, Hlgglns, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 16 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck, 6 days 23 hours
from Portland, via Coos Bay and Eureka; 23
hours from Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, 46 hours from San
Pedro.
Ship Henry Villard, Lewis. 25 days from
Honolulu.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Marshall. ' 12 days
from Fort "vVramrel. •
Br ship Rajore, Garrick. 150 days from Ant
werp. • .
Br ship British Isles, Sanders, 133 days from
Swansea.
\u25a0 Bark Levl G Burgess. Tunggren, 6 days
from Tacoma.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, 20 days from
Honolulu.
Fr bark Marguerite Molinos, David, 140 days
from Cardiff.
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, . i days from
Eureka.
Schr Archie and Fontie," Skipper, 20 hours
from .Timber Cove..
Schr Laura Madsen, Jorgenson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Monterey, Panzer, 3 days from Coos
Bay. • .
Schr Monterey, Panzer, 62 hours from Coos
CLEARED.
Monday, October 7.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu; Williams,
Dimcnd & Co.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7.-P. B. Nelson, a
stenographer, pleaded guilty of forgery In
Judge Oster's court to-day and was seft
tenced to ten years in P'olsom. Nelson Is
said to be highly connected in the East
Ten. Years for Forgery.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 7.— "Demon" Doyle
got into the harness again to-day, and
the heavy batters of Manager Harris' ag
gregation could do nothing with his
mlxed-up delivery and wide curves. He
allowed only four scattered hits, one in
every other Inning, while* Iburg was
touched up for ten safeties. Iburg pitch
ed good ball, but was accorded wretched
support, as nine errors were made by the
Wasps. Not one of the San Francisco
outfield srot a chance. Score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, cf 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Wilson, o 3-0 0 0 3 0 2
Hlldebrand. If 4 0 10 0 0 0
Schwartz, rf ...... .-4 0 1/0 0. 0 ,0
Pabst. lb 2 0 0- 0 14 21
Krug. 2b 4 0 2 0 3 '4 2
Shea, ss 3 0 0 13 6 2
Rellly, 3b 3 0 0 0 4 4 0
Iburu, p 3 0 0 0 1 4 2
Totals ....29 0 4 1 27 19 9
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Sheehan, Sb ....'.... 4 1 0 1 0 1 0
Stanley, c 4 1 2 0 5 0 0
Courtney. 2b ........ 4 0 1 1-4 00
Doyle, p 6 0 2 0 0 0.0
Davis, lb 5 0 0 0 11 1 0
McLaugnlln, If....... 4 -2 1. 3^ 2 0 0
Devereaux, ss 4 2 11 l 7 2
Strlcklett. rf 3 2 1 1 2 0 0
Hoffer, cf ..4 2 2 1 2 10
McNeeley. rf 1 0 0 0 0 0-0
Totals '...... 38 10 10 8 27 16 ~3
SCORE BY INNINGS. *'.
San Francisco . 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits. 0 10 10 1 0 01—4
Sacramento 0 2 0 0 2 4 1 1 0—10
Base hits ...1 2 10 3 2 0 1 0-10
SUMMARY. . .
Runs responsible for— Iburgr 4. Two-base hits
—Devereaux. McLaughlin, Hoffer, Krug. Sac
rifice hits— Courtney, Sheehan. First base on
called. balls— Off Iburg 2, oft Doyle 4. Left on
bases— San Francisco 7, \u25a0 Sacramento 6. Struck
out — By Iburtf 3, by Doyle 1. Hit. by pitcher
Strlcklett, Stanley. Nordyke. Double plays—
Courtney to Davis; Devereaux to Davis to
Stanley; Rellly to Pabst to Krug; Hoffer to
Courtney to Davis. Time of game— 1:55. Um
pire—Harper. Official 6corer— Rutherford.
Uncle's Men Pile "Op Errors.
Bktn Ruth, Peterson, Mahukona; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Schr "Winchester. Stensland, Unga; Alaska
Codfish Co.
. . SAILED.
Monday, October 7.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, southern coast.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson. Eureka.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Smith, Moss Landing:.
Barga Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura, in
tow of tug: Rescue.
Bktn Irmsard, ' Schmidt, Honolulu.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umpqua River.
Schr Newark, Cranele, .
Schr C A Thayer, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Per stmr Aorangi— Sept 30, 1 p m, no posi
tion — Stmr Callfornian, from Seattle, for
Honolulu. '
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 7, 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAM PEDRO — Arrived Oct G — Schr Ludlow,
from Port Blakeley. Oct 7— Schr Wm Renton,
from "Whatcom. •
BALLARD— Arrived Oct 7-Schr Stimson.
from Redondo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Oct 7— Br
bark Alexander Black, from Vancouver, for
Pu^et Sound.
Arrived Oct 7— Bark Abby Palmer, from
Honolulu.
Sailed Oct 7— Ship Fort ' George, for Port
Plrle.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 7— Schr Wm
Olsen, from- Port Townsend.
SEATTLE-Salled Oct 5— Stmr Cottage City,
for Slcaeuay. Oct 6— Stmr Dolphin, for Skag
uay.
Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Coronado, hence Oct 1.
Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Progreso. hence Oct 3.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 5.
Sailed Oct E — Ship Dunbritton, for Queens-
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Lakme. from
San Pedro; strar Noyo, hence Oct 6; stmr Eu
reka, hence Oct 6; schr Salvator, hence Sep
tember 28.
Sailed Oct 7— Stmr North Fork, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Arrived SeDt 2&— Schr Eva, from Eu
reka.
KAHULUI— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Oregonian,
for New York.
EASTERN PORT.
BALTIMORE— Cleared Oct 6— Stmr Simon J
Murphy, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CHEMAINUS— Arrived Oct 7— Ship St David,
from Kahulul.
NOUMEA— Arrived Oct 7— Bktn 'Wrestler,
from Port Blakeley.
CAPE TOWN- Arrived Oct 7— Schr . Alumna,
from Coos Bay.
ANTWERP— In port Oct 4— Br ship Leo
mene, for Port Los Angeles.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 6— Br ship Lad
akh, hence June 4.
Sailed Oct G— Br bark Lynton, for Fleet-
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 5— Br ship
Strorisa, hance June 6.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct 3— Jap stmr Toza
Maru, from. Seattle.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Sent 13— Ger ship
Emilie, for .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Norge,
from New York. •
BALTIMORE— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Simon J
Murphy, for San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Canadian,
from Liverpool; stmr Vaderland, from Ant
werp.
Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Bovlc, ,from Liverpool.
LIZARD— Passed Oct 8— Stmr Pretoria, from
New Ycrk, for Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourc.
MOVILLE— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Fretorian.
from Montreal, for Liverpool.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Oct 7— Stmr Koenlgen
Luise, from Bremen, for New York.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Rajore will load wheat at this port for
Europe. 40s, if Liverpool direct 42s 6d, London
43s 3d. with option of merchandise, chartered
prior to arrival; the Austrian steamer Arlstea,
wheat at Portland for two European ports.
41s 3d, prior to arrival; the Werra, wheat at
Portland for Europe, 42s if part barley 42s 6d,
prior to arrival; the Ariel, lumber at Eureka
lor Sydney (terms private), prior to arrival;
the Henry Villard, lumber at this port for
Melbourne or Sydney (lump sum), prior to ar
rival; the St. David, lumber on Puget Sound
for Sydney. 40s, with mual options, prior to
arrival. - •*
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Mail Company's steamship City of
Sydney will not take back her union
crew. During the strike a Central Ameri
can crew was shipped at half rates.
These men are thoroughly incompetent,
but as they mean a great saving to the
company they will be retained on the pay
roll.
The British bark Haddon Hall, now In
port, has been sold to J. R. Ellerman.
There were ten ships, aggregating 38,069
tons burden, in the Hall line, Robert
Alexander & Co. of Liverpool, and all of
these were sold with the Haddon Hall.
The latter ship will be turned over to her
new owner when she reaches England.
T. M. Harrington, a boy, was caught in
an elevator on the front yesterday, while
James Burnham, another boy, was run
over by an express wagon. Neither of
them was seriously injured. They were
attended to at the Harbor Hospital.
The German ship Windsbraut. out 126
days from South Shields for Valparaiso,
and on which 15 per cent reinsurance was
paid, has. arrived at her destination.
Three sailors of the Empereur Menelik
and two of the Marechal Turenno as
saulted their captains Sunday and were
locked up in the Harbor police station at
the request of the French Consul.
"Water Front Notes.
Saturday last Captain McAllman of the
bark Martha Davis gave Mate Grinlay $55
with which to pay the crew an advance.
The mate put the money in a drawer in
his cabin and then locked the door. An
bour later he went to get the money and
found the door locked as he left it, but
the money was gone. In the mean time
one of the crew left the ship and the po
lice are now on his trail. The mate thinks
this man had a pass key and thus gained
access to the room.
Robbed the Mate.
Mr. Louderback presents an affidavit
pworn to by J. A. Boyle, in which Boyle
charges that the suit was brought by col
lusion between Kim You and the Chief
of Police, and that in pursuance of such
collusion a false translation of the lot
tery blanks was furnished to the court.
the falsification being in the omission of
the name of the lottery company and
other Identifying matter In the center of
the blanks. He therefore filed a motion
to dismiss the FUlt.
At his own request Davis Louderback
was appointed yesterday by United States
Circuit Judge Morrow as amicus curlae
in the suit of Kim You against Chief of
Police Sullivan. The suit was brought to
recover 222 boxes of Chinese blanks for
lottery tickets seized by the police
several years ago. Kim alleges that the
Chinese characters on the blanks consti
tute a poem In the Chinese language, and
nothing else, and that they could not be
used as lottery tickets until after they
had been sold and marked in a particular
wav.
Front Against Chief of Po
lice Sullivan.
Ex-Judge Louderback Com.es to the
Now that the strike is over every vessel
that was tied up is trying to get away
and in consequence every wharf is crowd
ed. There are thirty-two wharves with
128 berths and every one of them is oc
cupied, while fully a score of vessels are
in the bay awaiting a chance to dock.
The Harbor Commissioners and Chief
Wharfinger Henderson are working like
beavers and have the situation well In
hand. At least half a dozen deep watei
ships will be discharged to-day and half
a dozen more will go to Port Costa Wed
nesday. This will make room for a dozen
vessels and if there Is not another rush
of arrivals during the week the situation
will be cleared up by Saturday. The com
mission is working hard to accommodate
all the shipping interests and under the
circumstances is doing remarkably well.
Wharves Are Crowded and Many
Vessels Await Their Turn.
BIG EXTSH OF SHIPPING.
COLLUSION ALLEGED
DT A LOTTERY CASE
Steamer Movements.
On Saturday the woman left the house.
When two days had passed Mrs. Robles
concluded that her boarder would not re
turn and applied to Secretary "White of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children for assistance. The child will
be taken off Mrs. Robles' hands and, if
the mother cannot be found, it will be
placed in some charitable institution.
A mysterious young woman who calls
herself Mrs. Josie Garcia is anxiously
sought by the authorities, who desire to
restore to her a two weeks old child,
which she left with Mrs. M. Robles of
1109 Powell street last Saturday. The
woman came to board with Mrs. Robles
early in September. On September 16
the child was born and on October 5 the
mother disappeared, leaving the little one
behind.
It is stated that Mrs. Garcia was a
very prepossessing young woman and was
attired in stylish and expensive clothes.
During her stay she received money
through the mails on several different oc
casions. Mrs. Robles. being of an investi
gating- turn of mind, discovered that Mrs.
Garcia also answered to the name cf
Josie Castro.
Josie Garcia, "Who Mysteriously-
Disappeared I-ast Saturday.
Authorities Anxiously Searching for
FTBAUGE YOmra "WOatAH
DESISTS INTANT CHILD
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 8.
Sun rises 6:11
Sun sets 5:43
Moon rises 2:23 a. m.
Time Time Time Time /
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W II "W L W H W
~T7.. 2:06 0.5 8:56 5.3 2:44 1.8 8:50 5.0
9 ... 2:56 0.8 9:36 5.5 3:31 1.4 9:47 5.0
10 ... 3:36 1.1 10:10 5.5 4:12 1.0 10:39 4.9
11 ... 4:10 1.4 10:41 5.6 4:51 0.8 11:29 5.1
12 ... 4:'4O 1.7 11:12 6.6 5:24 0.5
H W L W H W L W
13 ... 0:11 4.7 5:12 2.0 11:40 5.6 6:00 0.3
14 ... 0:58 4.6 5:44 2.3 12:04 5.5 6:39 0.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is tho mean
of the lower low waters.
The Rajore had an ordinary voyage
until last Saturday. She was off the Far
allones and a strong breeze, was blowing.
A heavy sea swept the decks and Jacob
Schombs, an A. B., was carried over
board. The ship was at once hove to ana
a boat lowered. A diligent search was
made for the missing man, but the boat
lowered could lind no trace of nim. Tiie
eeceased was a native of Germany, aged
'IS: years. Next day the vessel anchored
off the heads in the dense fog.
The Rajore sailed from Antwerp for
Salt Francisco on May 10 and had vari
able winds throughout the voyage. On
August 20 Henrv Karlsson, a native df
Sweden, aged 20 years, died of pneumonia
and was burled at sea the next day. On
July 2a the Rajore and the Sir Robert
Fernie. now out 156 days from Newcastle,
England, were in company off the Horn.
The Rajore made the run from 50 to 50
in eleven days, and strange to say the
British Isles, which anchored alongside
her last Sunday, made the run in the
same time.
The Allen brings a cargo of 15,824 bags
of sugar; the *Rajore, general merchan
dise; the Henry Villard, sugar; the Mar
guerite Molinos, a cargo ot coal for the
Alare Island navy yard; the British Isles,
a cargo of coal; the L.. J. Morse, aO.000
cases of salmon, and the Levi G. Burgess,
2450 tons of coal.
show up was the bark S. C. Allen,
twenty days from Honolulu, and after her
came "the British ship Rajore, 150 days
from Antwerp: American ship Henry VII
lard. twenty-four days from Honolulu;
French bark Marguerite Molinos, 140 days
from Cardiff; American ship L. J. Morse,
twelve days from Fort "Wrangel; Ameri
can bark Lev! G. Burgess, six days from
Tacoma, and. the British ship British
Isles, 133 days from Swansea. The entire
fleet made good runs, but as soon as the
lightship was reached the fog shut down
and the vessels had to anchor.
THE fleet of vessels that had to an
chor outside Sunday night on ac
count of the fog made port yes
terday. The first of the fleet to
The Supervisors* committee appointed
recently by Mayor Phelan to make ar
rangements for a State convention for the
purpose of memorializing Congress and
the President to re-enact the Chinese ex
clusion act met yesterday and decided to
Issue a call for the convention, to be
held at Metropolitan Temple on Novem
ber £L Mayor Phelan presided at 'the
meeting. Supervisor Charles Boxton was
elected honorary secretary, and H. A.
Mason, acting secretary of the l^eayue of
California Municipalities, was chosen sec
retary. Alter some discussion the follow
ing appeal was drafted by Mayor Phelan
and addressed to the public bodies and
civic societies of the State:
The Chinese exclusion act, after having bepn
in existence tor about ten years, will expire
In May. 1902. and at the next session of Con
gress the question of its re-enactment shall
have to be decided.
The Chinese Government, throusrh its rnin
itser and consuls, has already attempted to in
fluence public opinion by appeals and petitions
and other means known to diplomacy.
It is sufficient now to remind the American
people, should the bars be let down, that an
enormous immigration of Chinese coolies would
ir.undat* this country and overwhelm its free
vcrking population.
The standard of American civilzation. our
schools, churches, employment and family life,
our greatness in peace and power In war, are
in issue.
We invite you to meet In convention in San
Francisco, Thursday. November 21ft, to dis
cuss this \u25a0 question and to take appropriate
action as voicing- the sentiment of California,
ihe State most exposed to the impending dan
prr. by memorializing: Congress.
The proceedings shall be reported and cir
culated for the enlightenment of the people of
the United States.
JAMES D. PHELAS, Chairman.
JAMES P. BOOTH.
JOSEPH S. TOBIX.
SAMUEL BRAUXHART.
L. J. DWYER.
CHARLES BOXTON". Honorary Secretary.
H. A. MASON*. Acting Secretary.
The resolution providing for the call
provides that the membership of the con
vention shall be as follows:
Senators and Representatives in CongTess.
The Governor and all State officials.
Members of the Legislature.
Members of Boards of Supervisors and the
Mayors and legislative bodies of incorporated
cities and towns.
Delegates to the number of five from each
county to be chosen by the Board of Super-
Visors.
Delegates to the number of five to be chosen
by the legislative body of each Incorporated
city and town.
Delegates to the number of three from each
Board of Trade. Chamber of Commerce, Mu
nicipal League. Merchants' Association and
Municipal Improvement Club or other civic or
ganization in the State of California.
Delegates to the number of three from each
trade and labor union in the State of Cali
fornia.
Popular Appeal to Secure
Prevention of Coolie
Immigration.
Effort to Have Chines©
Exclusion Law Re
enacted.
ISSUES A CALL
FOR CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1901.
The Advent of. These Vessels Is- Taxing the Capacity of the Port.
The Rajore Encounters Some Heavy Weather Qff the
Farallones and One of the Sailors Is Washed Overboard
FLEET OF SHIPS THAT ANCHORED
IN FOG SUNDAY NIGHT ARRIVES
FLEET OF VESSELS THAT HAD TO ANCHOR IN THE FOG SUNDAY NIGHT, MAKING PORT 5 YESTERDAY.
THE S. C. ALLEN WAS THE FIRST TO GET IN, AND AFTER HER CAME HALF A DOZEN OTHERS,
UNDER SAIL AND TOWING. '
5
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I When you arrive horn 3 and find that %
| your purchase is not as represented, $
* return the goods and your |
iMoneywili be cheerfully re- %
I . funded*- %
$— — — g
$ An enorm -us "purchase of Torchon a^1> *
$ and Normandy Valenciennes Laces - Jjblv 5
| enables us to offer as a special a lot m. /lill?^ *
$ of Wash Trimming Lace suitable for M^^S^[ 5
| underwear, children's- dresses, $lf^^i|gl§fn *
| wrappers, etc; the cheapest lot oi Jf $
* goods ever offered at retail. 4c^-^F\ 3
H Special to-day only, yard---- — ' —^— .^r
g Come early, as there is always a choice 5
I' — : : — . mi
$ Ribbon Sale Continued. ?
*£ AL'-SDk Satin Riobons; a good quality, »n a compete assortment of widths an<! co'orings "3
£ pinks, blues, cream, cardinal, royal, Nile, navy and brown — a: the fo'Jowing pr'ces t \
V No. 5—1 Inch wide, yard. .....' 4q No. iz— a Inchn wide, yard Qq
* No. 7—i»/ inches wd:, yard... Sd No. 16—2^ inches wic"e, yarj".*"." ".*#Oo %
jf No. 9— 1 % inches wide, yard. . . SO No. 22 — 2^ inches wide, yard.. . * * 12o
K No. 40— 3^ inch^ wide, yard t4O "" 5
i: \u25a0 . — — — : \u25a0 s
I French Flannels 27c |
|£ 50 pieces of French F.arnsls, in stripc3'and plaids, strictly all woo!, just the thing for warm, *
|C handsome winter wrappers, waists, etc.; a good 40c va'ue. Special to-day _ • *
ft onl y " 27c 5
I Best Dry GrahuB&ted I
I Sugar, 22 Its $LOO* I
I i__:l
I Skirt Linings Watch Fobs Q *
I t Og Yard. 4Sc. 8 i?
g 500. yards fancy striped Watteau Skirting or A pretty Watch Fob, with rolled 4^W jf
tf Skirt Lining, in a variety of colorings, print- plate buckle, best quality of silk, !*5
K ed on a fine quality of b'.ack Taffeta, 36 special to-day only... _,^» P =- ««
j£ inches wide, extra value for 15c «^» *fQC F^^^ £
£ yard, special to-day only, yard. .... I UC B \u25a0 : -j St
I Pmm******* fo« Lace Curtains 'H %
I nurses #»c. * &f S3 JJlk S
5" An c!cgant assortment of doTiestic and im- %ra mm**** \^^ff Jf
K _ J*p ported Coin Purs?, X 5° P a? ." cs Curtainj, four pggl JJ
?» /755p^lSL3^^5^§^^R^v • i- » . . • splendid patterns, 60 inches wide. F^s^^ '•!
$lm@£&%S^m and « cnts ' m r/z yards long, lintn effects! Ill 5
gtnulne£eal ' allisatOr floral designs; one cf the b:s: WM .J
*t laic ! «nd Morocco leathers, bargains we ever offered; regu- ST^ "5
jf I WpY^^-^^Jcid lined, bcautifuUy l3r J $ x S°i sp e «al to-day *****
5 1 nu : i :fr'wl r -. . • only... . .. %3a misiS"
2" iJriF"' "^vJ " nis hed, not a purse in $
I . W thclotw ° r 5 h . le£StIlan Conyriaht Senas «
y£g££j!°£/ to-day only.. M%jC sS%jGm X
a? \u25a0 We offer Charles K. Harris* Album de Luxe^
j Jardiniere and For cS 8 TTinS^sSS^d
|C ' Stand SI ml 2m songs, publisher's price 75c; _ «
shaped & "^ «©5
I fcttTbrrfo \u25a0T*oSjpootalB.tn/f
J, tan colored, highly House Furnishings^
£ glaz:c I, large .::, d^^^f A fine O.trich Feather Duster, fu'.l 10-inch"?
J with a fancy || H» feather, black enameled screw handle, Kgu-.«
x wrought-ironstand, S i , j J J fimil g : K^ aA >J *
e^herthiee-corner- *};JJ| cial to-day only :........ 332$
X ed or round shap:, W _.a j )!$«)( 1-. . . .. .^ .. 5
V a big value a t tt^3/Csrt The Well-Known Hcnis Preis — Heavy metal, \u25a0*
K $1.70. Special to- /|^2/MS|\ \^P brI B ht retinned,^
ft day at /ZM W'lU j&f nsed for press-n^
** . ... $Mml2&VZjL~- \^ j jS%' all kinds of fruits .«
5C "." i 5^ 'and vegcUMcs,'*
I Music Folios 12c. ctJM^^ Sff/-T?j
S Special To-day. !queezs a **zsy>%
* rI .,*" ,,. rl . T mW \$S&^ I watery potato so «
* Hams Mandojn Folio?, No. 1, regularly 25c, JtfihL / that it can bc#
Spc - c > al J°"^'Vr--^ r; 12c %$SR&J^£b Kmd i; s ht an <*-2
•^Harris Mando.in Folios, No. 2, regularly 25c, nice re»u!arv"
Jf special t^day . . ,: t2G *P=cial to-'|
\u25a0Harris* Gu tar Folios, No. 1, regularly 25c, j ay . "^
5 special to-day f2c . . ......*.*.........*..*...."..* 25 C*
SS Harris* Guitar . Folios, No. a, regularly ac.c, -•---•• * • • jf
!C special to day -§2c A (Rttonfi Wsa4**h -X
Mandob'n Folios, No. i.reguarly . ** *XUUU WWtMSUn g
fc » 25c, special to-day t2p /^^ ff$*~ Q "?f* 5
AT Broadway Gutar Foios, regularly 25c, jprdal lwn!Dk)J ••»* n*mf>*mj
to-day 12O yjjfcjjr If you needfagood timc-J*
J^ — ! . >^^^^>^fc. keeper this is your*'
Jf Kodak Album 23 Cm /kWj^s> chaacc - loo ° n i c^ c k
2. • ft/* / J&\ open - face stemwmde: %
* In our Camera D:partment, second floor, we #//. / an4 p e n dant - set]«
* off;r a dainty li:t.e Kodak. Album, 25 flexi- llf* *^^« jl Watches, g u a r anteed 5
Jf ble leaves, 5^x7 inches, to mount your va- \\p^»K for one year; special"?
JC cation pictuist irregularly. 35c, o^ %^^I/ to-day only _— 3f
J. special to-day only MmtSC 33C&
Sfsonoi msa V- w warn-'
g CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE j{
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Its work tells"
Malt Breakfast Food
The Most Popular Cereal
A Grand Nutritive
Mait Breakfast Food Is, according to
the opinions of physicians and food ex-
perts, the best of the many breakfast
foods now on the market. It has become
the most popular of all foods simply be-
cause its work and results tell quickly
and satisfactorily. ,
In addition to the grrand nutritive quali-
ties of Malt Breakfast Food, it Is the
most delicious and appetizing of all foods
—something to please the palate of the
most pronounced epicure.
After one week's use of MaJt Breakfast
Food, Its good points are so clearly es-
tablished that no one will give it up. At
all retail grocers. -
Specialist. Disease fit|||jf ?
and weakness of ||5si3 ?
men. Established 5^g >*^9 : 3fc'teS '
1881. Consultation', ITM- *E»B t»
and private book \^% »
free, at office or by jd/tjfeiK «
mail. Cures gnar- \j£?'£iet&g«$iEs
an teed. 731 Mar- N^P ' .
ket street (eleva- n*M$MK
tor entrance), San
Francisco. , • . :; V^*^
Hirr nnWfi I Corner Fourth and
w \u25a0 11 •« iiv \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 *— 5c. Overcoats and
valises checked free, j
Vichy arniNcs,
The only place In the United Stats* 'where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric "Waters: Champagne Baths; Spring*
Numerous; Baths Uneciualed. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
v-- \u25a0;-.•;. Proprietorm,
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
II per day and upward. PETER GOUXLHAR-
DOU, Lessee.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRING3
ETAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
\u25bcla Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-paa-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call tor tickets by Bartlett Spring*
Etage Line.
MILLER A HOWARD. Proprietors.
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORA- ftgtJVXS
TOR stops all losses in 21 MJyC
hours. You feel the improvement -*2z2P^S§S
from the first dose. We have so SHE BBS
much confidence in our treatment J $
that we offer five hundred reward tjCg 5?»C
for any case we cannot cure. This Tf? rrtf
secret remedy cures Emissions, iJi XiJ.
Impotency. Varlcocele, Conor- B3SJ3 • JsJ*
rhoea. Strictures, Gleet, Drains, faaaSTSHHS
Lost Manhood and all other wasting effect* ot
self -abuse or excesses. Sent sealed. J2 bottle;
3 bottles, $3; guaranteed to cure any case. Call
or address HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
853 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at
1073H Market St.. S. F. All private disease*
quickly cured. Send for free book.
|Men and Women.!
J£ For their physical needs.
men seek and will havs the »
tjt best stimulant, and find -|
j| perfection in
1 10 Year Old |
5^ For the physical needs of worn- S
~£ en, when recommended, it is a ;»
jjjF pure and perfect tonic. jg
% CJIRIBTT A WISE COMMIKSIOJr CO.. Ine_ %
3- 2234B5Cklifornat St.. San Francisco, CaL "£.
<* . Telephone Slain S7S. **=
YOU CAN'T
GET AWAY
From the~ fact that laundry work, to be
satisfactory, must "be. well done.
Good laundry work tells its own story,
and we're willing ours should do the tell-
ing, confident that we will win your or-
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Off Ico 1 OO4 Market Street
T :\u25a0" \u25a0 Telephone — South : 42O,
Oakland Off lea— 54- San Pablo Ave.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
The Weekly Call.
\u25a0 ONE DOLLAR PER YEARTownsend's California glace frult3, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched" boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
C33 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
; PRESIDENTIAL • SUCCESSION— T. N.,
City. The United States constitution pro
vides for the succession of the Vice Pres
ident in case of the. death, removal, res
ignation or disability of the President
and gives Congress power "to provide what
officer shall succeed In case of \u25a0 the death,
removal, etc., of the Vice President. . In
1793 Congress provided that in such^a case
th3 President of. the. Senate should suc
ceed and then the Speaker of the,Hou3e
of Representatives. This was of doubt
ful constitutionality ' and attended with
some inconvenience and dangers. Hence
Congress in 1856 provided that in such case
the succession passes next to the' Secre
tary of State, then to the Secretary of the
Treasury, then successively to the Secre
tary of "War, the 'Secretary of the Navy,
the Postmaster General, the Secretary of
tin Interior and the Attorney General.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
. The difference in the figures at muster-,
ing in and at mustering out is that at the
mustering in some of the regiments did
not, have a full quota and the remainder
was sent on ; later. These figures, do not
give the losses by. death, discharge for
various causes and desertion.
VOLUNTEERS-A. S., City. The fol
lowing figures show the States that sent
out the greatest number of volunteers
during* the Spanish-American War: • • .
. Mustered in. Musfd out.
State. Offl's. Men. OnTs. Men.
New York .....: 705 15,924 , 717 17,238
Pennsylvania .......619 11,696 614 14,638
Illinois .4S9 10,453 487 11,667
Ohio ...485 9,557 508 12,407
Massachusietts 271 6,234 278 6.97*?
Michigan ..233 5,185 231 5.653
Texas 231 5,054 230 4,834
After our first emotions, however, we
began to fear that he could not be the
genuine Robinson of our childhood, whose
thrilling adventures enthralled our fancy.
It was evident that this good Cruso was
not Defoe's wanderer, but simply an hon
est trader in Lynn. Besides, I find on
consulting the book that Defoe's hero
when he settled down ashore in 1705 w a3
then 73 years old. However, Robinson
Crusoe's grave is in Kings Lynn, and I
am glad that I havaseen it. Another in
scription that seem»»to savor of a literary
character and may therefore interest you,
Is the following: "In memory of Mr!
Thomas Hollingworth, an eminent book
seller, a man of the strictest Integrity in
his dealings, and much esteemed by gen
tlemen of taste for the neatness and ele
grance of his bindings."
You will, I am sure, be glad to learn that
I have discovered the final resting place
of Robinson Crusoe, writes a correspond
ent of the London Sketch. He was ap
parently a worthy tradesman, who lived
at Kings Lynn, Norfolk, and died at that
ancient seaport at the end of the eigh
teenth century. His grave is in St. Nicho
las Chapel there, a fine large church built
In connection -with the parish church of
St. Margaret's. While deciphering some
of the Inscriptions on the gravestones
with- which the church is entirely paved
I discovered near the font a slab which
stated that "Elizabeth, wife of Robinson
Cruso," was buried there In the year 1761.
This immediately whetted one's imagina
tion. Lower down the slab said that
"Ann, daughter of the above," -was also
Buried there in 1762; and below this — mir
abile dictu!— was the following: "Also on
this side of the south pillar lies interred
the remains of Robinson Cruso, Upholder,
who departed this life on August 6, 1731,
in' his sixty-second" year." We stood spell
bound and did not mind in the least the
lack of the final "e," as we knew that
our forefathers -were not particular about
such small matters.
A REAL CRUSOE
THE POLKA— Dancer, City. The polka
is of Bohemian origin, elating: back to 1830,
the music for it having- been v/ritten at
the dictation of a servant girl of Elbe*.-:
teinitz by a local musician named Neruda.
In Bohemia Its name was nimra, the pol
ka designation being a corruption of "pul
ka" (half), on account of its short half
steps. . It was danced at the court at
Prague in 1835, in Vienna in 1S39, in 1840
in' Paris and in 1844 In London.- " . •
It is stated that many Senators and Congressmen
have declared therriselves " favorable to the change.
Moreover, the- District -of .Columbia Committee
appointed to take charge of the movement is conduct
ing the campaign of education on the subject with
great vigor. Some authorities have been 'quoted to
the effect that the change can be made by statute,
but the prevailing opinion is that. nothing" less than
a constitutional amendment will be sufficient. Unr
questionably, an amendment, would-be most satisfac
tory,'despite the difficulty of obtaining it, and accord^
ingly that plan will doubtless be adopted^W'hen^the
qt!estion'comes"upr*^\l*;^ j ;i
BY the frequency with which the Eastern press
discusses the movement in Washington to
bring about a change in the dates fixed for
the inauguration of Presidents and the terminations
.of Congresses, it ,would seem, that, the issue is going
to be brought up for settlement^ during the winter
and will constitute one of the important ;measures of
the coming session:
The plan is' to change the date of inauguration to
some day later in the spring. -" The benefit will be
something more than that gained by the change from
the weather of stormy March*to that of balmy May.
\u25a0It .will add something. like -two months to the short
session of Congress, and in; that' way will be^ a
valuable aid to legislation; Congress does not get
down to work much before the holidays, and accord
ingly, when the term of a Congress* closes on March
4, it has but little more than two months in which to
transact business. : Again and again measures of
great interest to the countrylhave been, defeated by
reason of. the shortness of the term. . The addition,
therefore, of two months to the short term would
greatly promote public welfare. /
Under the present rule each Congress has to. do
most of. its -work during its first session, and accord
ingly such sessions frequently extend all through -the
summer and occasionally^well into the fall. If, how
ever, the, second session did not close until the end
of^ April or' early in May there would be no neces
sity for a summer session during the long term. '\u25a0\u25a0> ';
TWO eminent clergymen in the East, during a
recent convocation of their church, took occa
sion to record their opinion that the world is
not only worse than ever, but that its tendency is
toward stili worse moral conditions.
We think that these religious pessimists err. ..Their
error lies in a wrong estimate of the conditions
\u25a0which they are comparing. If they would realize
that there was always good in the \\orld, and learn
that the history of remote ages recorded evil deeds
and left the good without a witness, they would con
clude that this age is neither better nor worse than
any that preceded it. There is the evidence of anal
ogy- that every age has been characterized by the
goodness and morality of man. In the remote past,
«s now, the evil deed, being exceptional, finds a rec
ord, while the good, being common, is for thatrea-'
son unnoticed. The same system that produced
Dionysius produced also Pythias and Damon.
David sent Uriah to be killed in the front of battle,
but when he mouraed for Absalom it was an expres
sion of the passion of paternal sorrow, common to
all men.
In every age, under all systems, in the Occident
and in the Orient, those who have had a vision of
truth have turned it toward their fellow men as a
means of bettering their conduct and sweetening
their lives. The human heart did not wait for any
special dispensation, or system of theology. Its*
promptings were toward the right and against the
v\rongfrorri the beginning of man's self-conscious
ness. -Those' who claim for one dispensation or. one
revelation, over all others, a special and more than
natural influence ovc* man, may grow weary waiting
for expected results, transcending all that had gone
before. Delay may make them pessimists, and by
seeking an ideal in causes that cannot produce it they
may despair and turn upon man" with an expression
of bitter disappointment.
But to the philosopher all ages have been good, all
men capable of seeking the truth, all plastic to the
effect of moral example, all appreciating their weak
ness, able to discern and deplore their fall, and
scarcely any who would not rise again and be
clean. It is so with this age, which has in retrospect
the inspiring view of all -that has gone before. The
sins of the past, though more frequently inscribed in
history than the virtues, surely have not been pre
served in form and features that allure imitators.
The heart of nian needs no history to tell him that
always men everywhere have felt as he feels, have
had the same choice between good and evil, right
and wrong, that is his, and have as often chosen the
truth and rejected the false, and have as bravely
staked all on their choice. Past ages having been
better than they seem, their wickedness was like that
of to-day, the exception and not the rule. Man now
is better, noticeably better, than ever before, since
he is learning to do right because it is right, and not
in "hope of a reward or fear of punishment. If one
were asked for a quality that distinguishes this above
i>!l periods in the past; this is that quality. Men al
ways did right and shunned wrong, but more men do
right now for right's sake than ever before, and
fewer do right from the lower motive of a reward
promised or a punishment threatened.
. If these pessimistic and complaining clergymen
would consider man as a reasonable being, with an
eternal germ of good in him. and less as a clod to be
fashioned into shape by some external influence,
their indictment of the age would be quashed for
non-statement of facts sufficient to justify it.
It. is believed Lipton would like to try again with
trie same yacht, but with another captain. He wishes
the cap just as much as ever, but he is not quite so
«SW to go to the expense of building another boat.
WHEN William C. Whitney announced his
withdrawal from the British turf it was re
ported that his decision was due to dissat
isfaction with the treatment he had received from the
racing authorities there. Mr. Whitney has now in a
public letter denied the report. He says: "Nothing
could be further from the truth. I have received
nothing but courtesy and fair treatment abroad. We
Americans have invaded England with new methods
of training and riding, and with- American-bred
horses have won a fair share of the stakes. It would
have been perfectly natural if these successes . had
given rise to some jealousy in' sporting 'circles;<but"
I have never ljad evidence of the existence of such a
feeling."
Having disposed of the erroneous report, Mr.
Whitney goes on to explain why he retired from
horse-racing abroad, and in doing so has presented
a statement of facts which have an interest for a far
wider circle than any that would have felt much con
cern over the. original story. Mr. Whitney's retire
ment is due- to his belief that 'American racing has
now become as -notable as that of England, and that'
it is no longer necessary for American horsemen to 1
seek .the English turf in order to find sp.orfdf the
highest kind and prizes worthy .of their best efforts,
Mr. Whitney says: "The dominating reason > for
withdrawing my stable from England is the success
of the efforts of late years" to raise the standard ; of
racing in this country. Certain gentlemen, have de
voted most of their time to this work, and I consid
ered it my duty, as one who derives great satisfaction
from horses, to second their efforts in every way. -It
was for this reason that I co-operated with them to
revive the. Saratoga Associatron and abandoned a
contemplated trip abroad this 'summer. The send
ing of our best horses abroad "depreciates. the quality
of the sport at home and diverts needed revenues
which should be contributed to. enrich our own stakes
and encourage breeding here."; .
* It is conceded -by Mr. Whitney that Americans
having eligible horses likely to win what he calls
"one of the classic races like the Derby, the Oaks or
the Leger," might justly send the horses abroad, be
cause "winning one of those races reflects credit on
our breeding- and is properly 'a matter of pride to
Americans." With that exception, however, he holds
j that American money and American horses • should
.be used for the advancement of. American raciner
\ Such sentiments will have the approval of' all- wllo
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 7.— The fol
lowing Californians arriver and register
ed here to-day: At the National— F. Gou
and wife of Santa Barbara, J. V. Young
and Thomas Bonner of San Francisco. At
the Shoreham — Frank H. Barker and wife
of San Francisco. At the St. James — W.
Harris and Mrs. M. Dewett of San. Fran
cisco.
Californians in "Washington.
A MAY INAUGURATION.
BASEBALL— Player, City. The first
baseball match took place in Hoboken,
N. J., June 19, 1846. Baseball had been
originated about nine month3 before, hav
ing. gradually grown out of the old, game
of rounders into iownball, and on Septem
ber 23, 1S45, the national game was estab
lished by the organization, of the Knick
erbocker Club. .Its. growth was so slow,
that it was not until 1860 that Philadel
phia organized a club.
Plaintiff says, that it has repeatedly no
tified the. defendant of this annoyance
which has caused the loss of so much val
uable time and which was due to defend
ant's negligence, but that nothing has
been done" on the part of the latter to
correct the trouble. When the telephone
was put in plaintiff saya that it was as
sured that there would be no annoyance
by reason of the fact that it was a "two
line telephone."
The -petition continues further, "that
defendant has dally for a period of at
least two months next preceding August
15, 1901, sent calls over the plaintiff's line
and caused plaintiff's bell to be rung when
neither plamtiff nor any one in Its employ
or any one upon its premises was desired,
and that 'plaintiff has been subjected to a.
continuous annoyance and ha3 lost much
time in answering said calls and attend
ing to said, telephone in answer to the
ringing of said bell, at each of which calls
plaintiff or some one in Its employ would
discover that the call was not meant for
G01A, . which is plaintiffs -telephone, but
would be intended for some other tele
phone."
The Hegan Mantel Company filed suit
against the Cumberland Telephone and
Telegraph Company in the Jefferson Cir
cuit Court yesterday, asking damages for
$1000.
The petition says that the plaintiff sub
scribes to one of the two-line telephones
of the defendant. It is what Is commonly
known as a party line, having two ter
mini, numbered C01A and 601Y. respective
ly. The plaintiff further alleges that the
defendant, upon placing the telephone,
agreed to maintain it free from defects
of all kinds for the consideration of the"
sum of 16 50 a month.
0 _________
Russia is said to have adopted the American festival
of Arbor day for the planting of trees on her vast
plains, and now it remains to be seen how long it will
be before America adopts the Russian system of con
serving such forests as she has.
KOVEL TELEPHONE SUIT.
AMERICAN RACING.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY— Mrs. S.
O., City. This department has not the
space to give in detail how the wireless
system of telegraphing is operated. If
you will go to the Free Public Library
you \u25a0wilV find several interesting articles
on the subject in volume seven of the
Cyclopedic Review of Current History,
1897, and in volume nine of the same, 1S99.
The method Is fully explained in these
volumes.
Such has been the prosperity of the country during
the past summer that the revenue reduction act, which
was calculated by fiscal experts to reduce the revenues,
by $40,000,000 annually, will actually reduce them by
less than $25,000,000. The surplus in the Treasury is
piling up and Secretary Gage is kept busy devising
means to get it into circulation again. It is an old
saying that a surplus is better than a deficit, but all
the same it has its drawbacks.
PORCELAIN— Ella, . City. Porcelain
may be cleansed by the use of castile
soap and hot water. If it is ornamental
a brush should be used to remove dirt
from the parts that cannot be reached
with a cloth. If the porcelain has become
discolored It is by reason of some defect
through -which foreign matter has got un
der the glazing. Such cannot be removed.
ROOFING— Subscriber. Madison, Cal. As
this department does. not advertise any
business it cannot inform you the business
address of the roofing company named.
Correspondents who want the business ad
dress of any firm or the names of business
houses should always inclose a . self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— The following
Californians are in. New York:
From San Francisco— F. J. Hunt at the
Navarre; Mrs. A. Louderback, J. S.
Dickie, B. Jamiesbn, Miss H. Jolliffe at
the Murray Hill; A. S. Bellinger, J.' B.
Eldridge at the Astor; AT. J. Colton. T. J.
Dcyle. O. L. Stevens at the Gilsey; E. E.
Drake, L. Kalman at the Herald Square;
F. Holz at the Sinclair; F. C. Hotaling,
Mrs. A. P. Hotaling, P. Priest and wife
at the Holland; G. H. Jones at the Broad
way Central; D. Knight at the Marlbor
ough; O. Lohan and wife at the Belve
dere; A. Marriott and wife at the Barthoi
di; T. E. Ryan at the Imperial: S. M.
Sellers at the Hoffman; D. D. Stark at the
Victoria; L. Theurkoff at the Girard; N.
L. Walter. J. J. White at the Grand.
From Lcs Angeles— C. J. Balfour at the
Morton; S. J. Ballard at the Astor: N.
Foster at the Park Avenue: Mrs. P. F.
Mason at the Earlington; J. B. Van Nuys
at the Savoy.
From San Jose— C. J. Blaney at the Na
varre; C. B; Clough and wife at the Man
hattan.
From Oakland— Miss Kellogg at the Vic
toria; Mrs. H. Matthews at the Murray
Hill.
From Sacramento— J. H. Stevens at the
Albert.
From San Diego— Mrs. F. Pattison at
the Park Avenue.
Californians in New York.
S. P. Q. R.— Roman, City. The letters
"S. 'P. Q. R.." often seen in representa
tions of ancient Roman ..life, were in
scribed on the military, standards^ of, the
Roman empire and are an abbreviation of
the Latin phrase, "Senatus populusque
Romanus," and mean "The Senate and
the people of Rome."
IS THE WORLD BETTER?
ON THE MARION— Subscriber, City.
There are four paid men on board of the
Marion, the vessel turned over to the
Naval Militia of California. They are paid
by the United States Navy Department to
"which they belong. They are caretakers
of the vessel on behalf of the Govern
ment." . . *
CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS— M. K. C,
City. When Columbus started on his voy
age to discover the land that afterward
was named America he left with, vessels
that were furnished by the Spanish sove
reigns. Queen Isabella pledged her dia
monds and jewels to raise money to equip
him.
ROME— A.. P. S., City. The various
names that have been applied to Rome,
Italy, are: The Eternal City, the Queen
of Cities, the Seven-Hilled City, the
Nameless City, the Mistress of the World.
HOMESTEAD— M. M., City. A husband
has the right in California to select a
homestead from the community property
with the consent of his wife or he can
select one from hi3 separate property.
/SPANISH- PAPER— B., Sacramento,
Cal. The newspaper directories do not
contain the name of any paper published
in the Spanish language In California.
Dr. John J. Gallagher, the well-known
physician, and formerly autopsy surgeon
at the Morgue, is expected to return from
Europe Saturday after a two-years'
course .of .study. ''V s .'..".
E. Gerber, a Fish Commissioner and
banker, is down from Sacramento for a
few days, and has made the Palace his
headquarters.
James Horsburgh Jr., assistant general
passenger agent of the Southern Paciflo
Company, returned yesterday from a five
weeks' sojourn in the East.
Willar H. Henderson, recently connect
ed with the Lick House, left yesterday
for an extended tour of the East.
F. A. Umsted and W. B. Bishop, manu
facturers of barbed wire, with a factory
at Pittsburg, are among the arrivals at
the Palace.
William Vanderhurst, one of the leading
merchants of Salinas, is a guest at the
Palace.
William L. . Lenhart, an extensive
cracker manufacturer of Pittsburg, i3 at
the Palace.
Ex-Senator Frank J. Mofflt of Oakland
leaves Tuesday for a short trip to New
York, t
Judge J. M. Manning of Ukiah is at the
Lick.
Congressman J. C. Needham of. Modesto
is at the Palace.
Dr. Charles C. Falk cf Euraka is a
guest -at the Grand.
Isaac Miner, an extensive lumber dealer
of Humboldt, is at the Lick.
Land Agent W. H. Mills leaves shortly
for the Pan-American Exposition.
J. C. Kemp Van Ee, the well-knovrn
mininr man, is a guest at the Palace.
; ELSINORE HOTEL^M/ P., City. The
Call's.Index. does not show that the Elsl
n'ore Hotel -was' destroyed by fire at any
time within '.the: past: twelve years.
If the average woman stood as much
from her husband as she does from her
hired girl all the world' ash heaps would
sprout Marechal Neil roses.— New York
Press.
You can't always tell how an Instruc
tive little incident is going to turn out.—
Detroit Journal.
Every man knows how to stare at a
woman he doesn't know so she won't have
the heart tc act indignant at him.
The look of dread on a girl's face at her
wedding is generally about as big as a fly
drowning in a hogshead of molasses.
A woman will forgive a man for break
ing her heart, but when he once compelled
her to change her mind she -will hate him
forever.
But the racer jeered and laughed at him
so scornfully that the dray horse kicked
him to death.
So he gnawed the dray horse's fetlocks
free from the long hair, and the two ran
a race, with the result that the dray horse
was ignominiously beaten.
"All right," replied the racer. "I will
remove that long hair for you, and we
will have a go."
"All that hinders me from being as fleet
as you," the dray horse said- to the racing
horse, "is this long hair on my fetlocks.
It impedes my motions. If I could have
It cut off I -would run against you, best
three in five."
A dapper young negro applied at the
Treasury Drepartment for a position.
"What can you dp?" asked on of the
secretaries.
"Anything, sah, anything." . ., .
"What State are you from?"
Ke drew himself up proudly. "I'm from
the first State in the Union, sah."
"New York?"
"No, sah; Alabama, sah." .
"But Alabama isn't the first State in the
Union."
"Alphabetically speaking, sah; alpha
betically speaking."— Washington Star.
A London physician called upon a lady
the other day to offer to vaccinate her
child. The lady refused.
"May I ask," said the doctor, "what
your objection is?"
The lady said she feared the transmis
sion of disease.
"But, madam," said the doctor, "we use
the purest of calf lymph."
"Then, doctor," replied the lady, "that
settles it, for we are vegetarians, you
known."— Pittsburg Dispatch.
"Some people say," remarked the talka
tive barber, "that barbers are too fond of
conversation."
"Oh! that's all wrong." replied the man
in the chair. "It's soliloquy they're fond
of." — Philadelphia Record.
Mark Twain is writing a book to h©
published 100 yeara after his death. It ia
evidently Mark's intention to take pos
terity by the forelock.— Atlanta Constitu
tion.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
\u25a0•Elected. for or served a second tcim.
;tDled in office. ; \u25a0 -. * •*
* (a) Democratic party of to-day claims lineal descent from the first Republican party.
: (b) Re-elected after Benjamin Harrison.
PERSONAL \u25a0• MENTION.
REPORTS from Boston -are', tq the 'effect that
the New England Free .Trader League is
about to enter upon a new campaign of agita
tion against the tariff and will .prosecute it with
greater vigor, than for many years past. It is. an-;
nounced that at the next meeting of the league the
increased comprehensiveness of its membership and
its work will be marked by dropping "New England"
from the title and starting the new agitation as "The
American Free Trade League."^:; •;
The reports state that' all members who have been
consulted favor the proposed change of title. The
league has members in thirty-six States, and 'upward
of 40 per cent of them reside outside New. England.
It is believed the national title will attract, additional
members and will moreover make the league more
popular with the masses. ..Arrangements have been
made for the publication, Wery week of (articles in"
favor of ftee trade, and among the ' writers will be
professors at some of the greater universities. of the
country. The articles are tos appear in -newspapers,
in all parts of the Union, , and Consequently the
effects of the agitation will be felt to a, greater or
less degree among all classes of the people.
An attack of the kind proposed is likely to" prove
a matter of serious concern to the country. The
Democratic party, without a leader and without a,
platform, will doubtless be quite willing to swing into
line with the Free Trade League and give the move
ment all the assistance that a strong though dis
credited political machine can render. Several of
the foremost Democratic papers have, in fact,
already spoken of the advisability of reviving the
fight against; protection as a means of reuniting the
party. The campaign of the Free Trade League
must therefore be looked upon as something more
than a mere academic discussion.. Unless the move
ment be vigorously combated from the start, we
may yet. have another period of industrial disturbance
caused by subjecting our fiscal system anew to. the
turmoil of party strife, and all the evils of the old
agitation will return to plague us. '
It is to be noted that the league will not attack the
protective system directly. The former agitation was
conducted under the specious title, "tariff reform,"
and the new campaign is to be waged by similar
tactics. The Boston correspondent of the Spring
field Republican says the special subjects which the
league proposes to consider in' the coming season are
the tariff in the tropics and reciprocity especially
with Canada. It is believed ' that a considerable
number of Republicans can be brought over v to favor
reciprocity, and that by their aid and that of the
Democrats it will be possible to wear away many of
the protective features of the present tariff and so
bring about divisions in the Republican party itself.
It is but a short time since we had ample experience
of the results of intrusting free trade doctrinaires and
Democratic politicians, with the work of framing a
tariff. That j experience can hardly have been for
gotten by the people, so that the chances of success
for a free trade movement at this time are slight, but
none^ the less the new agitation may prove danger
ous. Reciprocity as defined by Republican platforms
is a wise policy, but unless the people are watchful
it will not be easy to confine reciprocity to that
definition. Several of the so-called reciprocity
treaties now before the Senate threaten some of the
greatest interests of California, and should new ones
be arranged they might be as dangerous. Once more
then the people must rally for the defense of Artieri
can industry.. Its foes are again on the warpath. • -
FREE TRADE AGITATION.
The, proposition that the Philippine .Islands shall
be called McKinley Islands has . not been received
with favor in any part of the country. It is-.beiieved
the change would irritate the natives and wbuld not
add anything to McKinley's fame. .The /subject,
therefore, goes over for the present, but can be taken
up at the next silly season. \ *\u25a0' •/ C
TUESDAY. . .'.-..., /. . .'. . ., .^OCTOBER 8, 1901
: ' J^HN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. '
Ittitst AM Ccm?icaic»tl«as to W. 8. LEAKS, E*_M£er. .- .
ilAA ACER'S OFFICE .... fi . .Telephone 1'reii* 204
I't'DLlCATloyoi-'KJCE Market and Third, S. K.
: Tclcpbanc I'resi — Ol. -" " . '
F \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 .. ' - - t ' ; \u25a0 .... 1
liDITOniAL ttOOSIS... ..SIT to 221 Stevenson St.
.... . " Telei»lio*n«s* I*rei«» II0-.
' D«llr«r«d hr Cnrrlerm l.i On** fer Week.
'- . ..'\u25a0.. Slnsrie Coplew. S Cent*. , \u25a0
> r '. . Terms bf Mnll. Inclndtnir l'oatagei
CXILT CAtX. < Including Sunday), one y*ar **W
DAIt/T CALI* <Jnchtdlnr Sunday). « months .» S.00
I>AtLT CALL «includ!ne Sunday).. 3 j.xr.lhsV 1. 50
•PAILY CALL^-By Single Month 65c
MJNDAT CALL. Ore T>ar l.M
* EEKLT CALL, One Tear 1-W
All pontn«i(er« arc nntlinrired to recelvr
\u25a0 nliscrlptlons.
Simple eorl*» '« r 'H be lortrsn'.-d when requested.
• Mall atibccribers In orderinc rhamri? of *&arr*s Bhoiilfl be
fiartlrular to _Ire both SEW AND OLD ADDRESS In ord»r
to locure a prompt and correct crmtillance Vrlth their request.
OAKL.AM1 OFFICE .1119 Broadway
C. CEOKGB KROGNESil.
Kictgf r Foreign idrtrtlsisf , Ktrqcetts Building, Chicago.
. . \u25a0 (Loner Distance Telephone "Central 5813.")
; KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARU'OX. : Herald Square
NEW TOHK REPRESENTATIVE: . *
ITBPBES U. S3IITH... »O Tribane Bnlldlns
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
,6_enn«n House; P. O. News Co.; Great Ncflghern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium HcteL
NEW TORK XEW^S STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hctel; A. . Brentarso, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill HcteL
WASHI1VGTOJ< <O. C.I OFFICE. . . . X4OG 6 St., X. IV.
. . MORTON' IS. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 1.27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until •:*> o'clock.- 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
MeAJlirter. open. until 9:30 o'clock 615 Larkln. open until
• :» o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until) o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
vntll » o'clock... 106 -Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
center Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
SM0 rillmore, open until 9 p. in.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT is the twenty-fifth man to ssrve as the nation's chief executive, but Cleveland
served a second term after 'bring defeated for re-election after his first term. • Thers have been twenty
eight elections since and including the first in 1789. Five men dird in office— three from assassination.
Twenty of the twenty-five different men were lawyers. William and Mary College ana nay
each graduated thres Presidents. Seven Presidents were born in Virginia; five in Ohio, threp in aew xor*,
three in North Carolina, two in Massachusetts. William Henry Harrison was the oldest upon assuming oJice,
being 68, while Theodore Roosevetf; at 43 is the youngsst chief executive. Additional data is shown Dy tne
following table:
William Hdnry Harrison Was- the Oldest Upon Assuming Office, Being"
\u2666 v Sixty-Eight Years of Age at tfieTime.
During the recent disorders in this city the police
were the victims of the same policy. The only. way t
for an officer to get the Examiner's praise was by
perjured neglect of his duty.
Now it need not be wondered at that this sort of
journalism, persistently indulged in San Francisco,
Chicago and New York, has come to bd considered
by the people as a standing menace to public order,
and men are alarmed when these papers declare that
the destruction of order and of law is their purpose.
Announcing_ that "the rich" are in favor of law and
order, "the poor" are educated in the belief that law
and order, therefore, are oppressive of them, and
must be destroyed.
All men who stop io think know the falsity as well
as the danger of such education, for they know that
the so-called poor are the greatest and first bene-.
ficiaries of the law and of its scrupulous execution, so
that this sinister teaching is for the undoing of the
very class to which it is addressed.. •.
Being at last awake to the crimes and offenses of
such" journalism, the'people should beware of its cun
ning and persistence; and watch for its furtive and
covert renewal, and administer prompt punishment
when it appears.
When Garrett and Williams were trying to rid
Arizona of the worst gang of thieves and murderers
that have infested a district since the days of Murrell
and the Mississippi pirates, the Examiner settled . a
writer in that Territory to assist the scoundrels and
abuse the officers. Perhaps no more outrageously
criminal journalism was ever known than its exhibi
tion of sympathy for robbers and murderers openly
declared hi that affair. Every law officer in Arizona,
Federal and Territorial, who did his duty was pur
sued with a venom and malice most appalling, and
every escape of a criminal was hailed as a triumph of
virtue. When felons were convicted they were
encouraged to cherish vengeance against the day of
their, liberation, when they were to seek violent re
venge upon the officers of the law concerned in their
capture.
All this work in journalism was done in that
strabismic style of bathos peculiar to the Examiner,
school of writing, and was displayed sensationally.
Carrying the same. habit into politics, it was natural
that the President, his Cabinet, and all charged with
the execution of the law, should in their turn get the
same treatment as the local officers who in this State
and Arizona had tried to make life and property v safe
from the Examiner's felon friends.
1^ HE case of the people against lawless and dis
orderly journalism has been tried and decided
in'favpr of law and order. But the plaintiff in
the case should watch with care . a revivescence of
what at present seems a dead eyii.
'>By common^ consent. the Hearst papers have been
selected as the worst and foremost examples of ; a
p~o!icy designed to undermine respect for. law, con
fuse the ideas of right and wrong, and tp present vice
and crime in the garb of virtue and honor.
The sustained, and insidious steps by which those
papers, went steadily forward from heroizing vulgar
criminals to incitement of the murder of the Presi
dent is an interesting study of the cultivation of the
abnormal b3 f suggestion. ' Train robbers and mur
derers in this State were giorified and -praised, their
criminal courage and cunning held up to admiration,
until all weak and Willful minds* were convinced that
they were men of merit, worthy to be imitated and
deserving of the praise bestowed upon them. At the
same time the sworn officers of the law, who in the
midst of peril and difficulty were trying to bring them
to justice, were stigmatized as "man hunters,"
every effort was made to thwart them by giving pub
licity to their plans, rnd their failures to catch the
cunning felons were gloated over. The Examiner
put crime on the stage in a drama that celebrated
stealing and murder as virtues, and . it did all this
by holding up what it calls "the rich" as deserving to
be despoiled and as the proper victims of the thief
and assassin.
PROMOTING DISORDER.
PRESIDENT THEODORE ROOSEVELT AT F0RTY
THREE YEARS THE YOUNGEST CHIEF EXECUTIVE
are interested in American racing. matters. - There is
no reason why there should not be established in this
country racing events holding just as_high a place
in the history of sport as the classic^cvents of/Eng
land. Racing on this side of the water ought to be
good enough for anybody. It is of course pleasing
to our national pride to have an American horse,
ridden by an American jockey, carry off the blue rib
bon of the British turf, but it will be still more grati
fying to us when we have racing -events- in our own
country of such a high order that the victor. in one
of them' will be accounted higher than the. victor in
the Derby. . "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1901.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigilator.
Best Liver Medicine, VesetableCureforLlver'Ills
Biliousness, Indigestion. ConstljiaUon. Malariv
Ex-Mayor Hewitt of New York de
clares that to be rich and not to use
riches for the general good is to be dis
graced, "because after all riches are but
the result of general co-operation."
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men, by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
6
NAME. ' Birthplace. . Politics. Vocation. College.
I
Birthplace.
Politics.
Age \v r.en
First Assam
Office.
1
ling
NAME.
•«•;;\u25a0 . • I \u25a0
«
•George Washington...... Virginia federalist Planter ;Nono
\u2666John Adams... *.: Massachusetts [Federalist. Lawyer ; Harvard ••••••••
\u2666Thomas Jefferson........ Virginia ..'(a) Republican jLav.-yer — . — William and
•James Madison... Virginia 'Republican Lawyer Prinroton -•\u25a0•••
•Jamcs'Mbnroe Virginia ....Republican [Lawyer .-..'William and Mary
.John Quincy Adams...... Massachusetts.. (Republican.... I Lawyer. Jlarvanl
\u2666Andrew Jackson. .... iNorth Carolina (Democrat {Lawyer INur.e
Martin Van Buren [New York........ ; .... I Democrat [Lawyer 'None •••••••••
tWilliam Henry Harrison j Virginia 'Whig iFarmer 'Hampden-Sydney
John Tyler I Virginia Democrat 'Lawyer j William and Alary. ••••
James K. Polk iNorth Carolina |Dcmocrat 'Lawyer University o£ wortn c
tZachary Taylor... 'Virginia ....'Whijr... .'.[Soldier None
Millard Fillmore New York 'Whig Lawyer. None
Franklin Pierce New Hampshire (Democrat Lawyer 'Bowdoin
' James Buchanan '.-. Pennsylvania. . . . ... . . IDemocra t 'Lawyer '\u25a0 Dickinson
•t Abraham Lincoln Kentucky ! Republican.. j Lawyer :None
Andrew Johnson '.. North Carolina (Republican .*......, Tailor ...'None
\u2666Ulysses S. Grant........ Ohio..; Republican (Soldier West Point
\u25a0Rutherford B. Hayes Ohio .'. Republican.... lLawyer ' Kenyan ••
t James A. Garneld... 'Ohio..:. Republican ! Lawyer ! \Villiam3
Chester A. Arthur.. Vermont Republican 'Lawyer..., jUnion
(b) Grover Cleveland..... New Jersey Democrat 'Lawyer 'Ann Arbor
-Benjamin Harrison Ohio. Republican iLawyer '•! Miami University
\u2666tWilliam McKinley.. '..-.. Ohio.......: Republican Lawyer I None
• : \u25a0 . . f Lawyer 1
Theodore Roosevelt... New York..... " Republican.; \ and Y ! Harvard
: . . \u25a0\u25a0.-... t Author J . i
Carolina
...57
...62
. . . »S
...5S
...53
...iW
...62
...55
...6S
,..51
,..»>
...65
...50
..A0
...6G
...52
...57
...47
...54
...4!)
...51
...43
...56
...53
...43
NAME. ' Birthplace. . Politics. Vocation. College.
I
Birthplace.
Politics.
Age \v r.en
First Assam
Office.
1
ling
NAME.
•«•;;\u25a0 . • I \u25a0
«
•George Washington...... Virginia federalist Planter ;Nono
\u2666John Adams... *.: Massachusetts [Federalist. Lawyer ; Harvard ••••••••
\u2666Thomas Jefferson........ Virginia ..'(a) Republican jLav.-yer — . — William and
•James Madison... Virginia 'Republican Lawyer Prinroton -•\u25a0•••
•Jamcs'Mbnroe Virginia ....Republican [Lawyer .-..'William and Mary
.John Quincy Adams...... Massachusetts.. (Republican.... I Lawyer. Jlarvanl
\u2666Andrew Jackson. .... iNorth Carolina (Democrat {Lawyer INur.e
Martin Van Buren [New York........ ; .... I Democrat [Lawyer 'None •••••••••
tWilliam Henry Harrison j Virginia 'Whig iFarmer 'Hampden-Sydney
John Tyler I Virginia Democrat 'Lawyer j William and Alary. ••••
James K. Polk iNorth Carolina |Dcmocrat 'Lawyer University o£ wortn c
tZachary Taylor... 'Virginia ....'Whijr... .'.[Soldier None
Millard Fillmore New York 'Whig Lawyer. None
Franklin Pierce New Hampshire (Democrat Lawyer 'Bowdoin
' James Buchanan '.-. Pennsylvania. . . . ... . . IDemocra t 'Lawyer '\u25a0 Dickinson
•t Abraham Lincoln Kentucky ! Republican.. j Lawyer :None
Andrew Johnson '.. North Carolina (Republican .*......, Tailor ...'None
\u2666Ulysses S. Grant........ Ohio..; Republican (Soldier West Point
\u25a0Rutherford B. Hayes Ohio .'. Republican.... lLawyer ' Kenyan ••
t James A. Garneld... 'Ohio..:. Republican ! Lawyer ! \Villiam3
Chester A. Arthur.. Vermont Republican 'Lawyer..., jUnion
(b) Grover Cleveland..... New Jersey Democrat 'Lawyer 'Ann Arbor
-Benjamin Harrison Ohio. Republican iLawyer '•! Miami University
\u2666tWilliam McKinley.. '..-.. Ohio.......: Republican Lawyer I None
• : \u25a0 . . f Lawyer 1
Theodore Roosevelt... New York..... " Republican.; \ and Y ! Harvard
: . . \u25a0\u25a0.-... t Author J . i
Carolina
...57
...62
. . . »S
...5S
...53
...iW
...62
...55
...6S
,..51
,..»>
...65
...50
..A0
...6G
...52
...57
...47
...54
...4!)
...51
...43
...56
...53
...43
". - »\u25a0 JLM-aSEMENTS^ _
Orpheum— Vaudeville. •
Central— "Beacon Liffhts." • . :
Alcazar— "Too Much Johnson."
Tlvoll — "Xabuceo."
\u25a0 California— Herrmann. ,
Grand Opera-house— "Hamlet."
Columbia — "Florodora."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•vening.
Alhambra Theater— "The Brownies In Fairyland."
Alhambra— Royal Italian Band, Sunday evening:, October 13
. Ftecher'* — VaufleviUe.
.- Sotro Baths — Open nights. * _
' By P. J. Barth— This day, at 1 o'clock. Furniture, at 414
McAllister street.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— This day, 100 head of German Army
Horsee. at 1722 Market street.
Closingr Out Sale— This day. at 11 o'clock. Surreys, Spring
Wagons, etc., at 1140 Folsom Btreet.
By J. J. Doyl- — Wednesday, October 9, at 11 o'clock,
Horses, Wagons, etc., at 317 Sixth street.
AUCTION SALES.CALJFORXIAN WHO HAS EEfiN
SELECTED TO PROPAGATE SAL
MON IN FRASER RIVER. V
Granted a Nine-Hour Day.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 7.— The carriage work
ers of San Jose have been granted a nine
hour day at ten hours' pay. ,
SAN JOSE, Oct. 7.— Howard* K. Sloan,
one of the men implicated in the kidnap
ing of Mrs. Mabel Goodrich at Philadel
phia, Is well known In this city, where for
a time he was employed on one of the
daily papers. Sloan wag arrested here in
October, 1S90. and sentenced to the County
Jail for six months for oettv larceny. . A
number of charitable ladies became int*
e3ted in him, ana when his terra expired
they secured n!m a. position to learn re
porting. Sloan kept straight for some
time, but later became Involved In several
questionable transactions. From here he
went to Los Angeles. -
Larceny.
Serves a Six Months' Sentence in the
County Jail for Petty
KIDNAPER SLOA2T KNOWN
IN THE GARDEN CITY
Finds Koine for Destitute Boy.
"Willis Soules, a little boy whom Secre
tary White of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children found wander
ing: on the streets last Saturday com
plaining that he had no home, has been
placed with the Mission of- the Good Sa
maritan.
The preliminary examination of J. W.
Bunphy en tho charge of murder for
shooting and killing Edward Stanton at
Minna and Mary streets was commenced
before Judge iConlan yesterday morning.
He was represented by Attorney .John J.
Barrett. The only witness examined was
Policeman R. N. Silver, who testified to
arresting Dunphy and finding two re
volvers on him. Dunphy said that he had
shot Stanton because he had wronged his
sl6ter. The hearing will be resumed this
morning 1 .
Dunphy's Examination.
Secretary IT. G. Squiers of the United
Stntes Legation at Peking is indignant at
the reports that he has returned to this
country loaded down with costly brlc-a
brae 2nd oriental wares. He Etated last
evening that he only has one case in
bor^l and that is filled with some dress
goods thr.t his wife bought in China and
VPhlcfa she .intends having made into
towns in Paris.
Squiers cays that he has a very fine
coliection of curios -which he gathered
after many years' hard work in China,
but that he never tried to bring them to
this coif.Jtry. They are at pn^ent stored
at Tientsin. •
Hp.s Eeen Making a Collection fo:
Years, but L^ft It at
Tientsin.
SECSETAKT SQUIEBS SAYS
HE EKOTJGHT NO CURIOS
Coast Region of Alaska.
Dr. C. Hart Merr!am. Chief of the Divi
sion Biological. Survey cf the Department
of Agriculture, delivered an Instructive
lecluie last night at the Academy of Sci
ences.on "The Coast Region of Alaska."
Thu lecture was illustrated by vicv/r. of
tho glacieis. icel^fgn, forests and birds
of the Far North.
Wallace was the only prisoner to testi
fy. He said Sloan had uuggested to him
the plan by which Mrs. Goodrich was to
be abducted In the Interest of the Law
and Order Society, which organization
would reward them for their services.
Later, Wallace said, Sloan made the
proposition to rob the woman. Wallace
refused to become a party to the robbery,
he declared, and said further that ho did
not see Sloan froni that time until I'm
dav of his arrest.
Counsel for Mrs. Goodrich asked thit
the prisoners be held on charges of con
spiracy, highway robbery, assault and
battery and kidnaping. This was done,
excepting In the case of Wallace, who was
held for conspiracy and kidnaping, the
penalty for which counsel announced is
life imprisonment. •
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 7.— Charged
with abducting and robbing Mabel Good-,
rich, the proprietress of a disreputable
establishment, Howard K. Sloan, Henry
E. Wallace, D. K. Knight Finlay and Os
car S. Dunlap were to-day taken before a
Magistrate and committed without ball
until further hearing next Monday. Sloan
Is an unemployed newspaper reporter;
Wallace was also a city reporter for the
PreBs; Finlay was employed in the busi
ness department of the North American
as a stenographer, and Dunlap is a bar
ber. The quartet were arrested j Satur
day on warrants sworn out by Mrs. Good
rich. The wqman was the first witness
against the prisoners and Identified each
oi them. She then -told the remarkable
story of her abduction, .confinement and
robbery.
Detective Donaghy related the story of
the airest of the prisoners, and stated
tnat all nad confessed. Dunlap, he said,
told him that his purpose was to assist
Hloan in placing Mrs. Goodrich- in the
iiiuKis of tne Law and Order Society. He
had not been told of the Intention to roo
the weman.
Their Victim identifies
Them and They All
Confesa
Following is the status to date cf the
McKInley monument v fund. tho subscrip
tions griven having been received yester
day:
Blake. MoflU & Co.. V.S: Watertaouse & Les
ter, $25; li Kat3ch'nEUI. $".: K. U. Hennlston,
?10; JH'pcrl & Co.. $J0; Madison, lirucc & Sell
ers. $20. Tot.11, S120.
Previously reported $12,740 "fi
Total to date $i3,t.60 78
T«IcKinley Monument Fund.
Folica the Uarne of His
Assailant. ~
• Patrick Bcnnonwas stabbed seven ttees
in the back early yesterday morning at
Clay and Keamy streets, and was taken
to the Receiving Hospital and later to
the City and County Hospital. One of
the thrusts penetrated the left lung, but
it is not expected that he will die.
"Lefty" Bannon, his brother, told .the
police that John Carrol!. Tvho is employed
in the glass works at Sixteenth and Fol
scm streets, was the man who used th«
knife, and Detectives Dinan and Wren
placed Carroll ' under arrest. They took
him to the City and County Hospital, but
Bannon declared he was not the man, and
raid it was a sa!lor from Alaska and he
would not give his name. It was decided
to hold Carroll pending 1 further investiga
tion, and he was locked up in "the
tants."
Positively Befuses to Disclose to ths
inrEDEHGTTS ASSATTLT
O2ST FATSICK BANHON
Rendered despondent by,a lens period
of severe iilnes3. Mine. Pauline Limousin,
wife of Cyprlen Limousin, a prominent
glove merchant, attempted to commit sui
cide at 10 o'clock yesterday morning by
shoaling; herself while- at a friend's house
on Jackson street. Tlic bullet entered the
left breast and narrowly missing the
heart lodged'noar the spine. Mrs. Limou
sin vras \u25a0 immfdisttely, removed to the Ilc
ceivlnij Hospital, •s'here she is still resi
inu In a very critical condition. She has
always lived happily with her husband
and son at l"0C Poik street, and although
it was known that h**r protracted nines'*
had caused her great suffering, it was not
supposed that she contemplated suicide.
Sbcots Herself in the Breast.
For s'.Ot rides to points on the Santa Fa.
«jpen to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention tickets, friends accompanying
and holders oi nine months.' excursion
tickets. JJates of .«ale, September 23 to
November 10 Inclusive. Limit CO days.
For f.me tables, descriptive literature anil
full information call at F-ant.t Fe otficea,
tli Market at., and f.-rry depot.
Special Rates
MIL IS DENIED
THE HDMPERS
sponsible end more remunerative
one in the same field of endeavor under
the Government of the province of Brit
ish Columbia. Mr. BabcocU has an inter
national reputation as an authority on the
propagation of salmon and trout. His
knowledge is purely practical, and has
been applied with marked success in this
State.
It is the intention of the British Colum
bian Government officials to replenish the
waters of the Fraser -River, which even
JOHN P. BABCOCK, chief fleputy of
the Board of Fish Commissioners,
State of California, has resigned
his position to accept a more re-
The Fish Commissioners will meet to
day to select a successor to Mr. Babcock.
now carry more salmon than any other
river on the Pacific Coast. This Is the
work Mr. Babcock has been asked to un
dertake. The desire is to propagate as
many fish as possible. The extent of the
canning Industry is Indicated by the pres
ence of forty-eight establishmcits on the
river.
M.r. Bafccock first entered the service
of the Board of Fish Commissioners in
April, 1S91, a3 a patroman. In the ensu
ing year his work had made such an im
pression on the officers of the board that
he was made chief of the patrolmen. He
was still further advanced in the follow
ing year to the office of chief deputy,
which position he has hen* up to the pres
ent time. During the ten years he has
served the commission its membership
has changed ?even times. During the
same period three Governors have had
Jurisdiction over th^ beard. Mr. J Dab
cock, although a Republican in politics,
was not disturbed when Governor Burid,
a Democrat, was elected.
Becognizsd as an Authority.
The chief deputy of the board Is its ex
ecutive officer. On him devolves the work
of carrying out the orders of the mem
bers, who are usually chosen because of j
their fondness for fishing, shooting and
other sports of the fiekl.
Mr. Babcock Is a recognized authority
on the propagation of salmon and trout.
He planned - the hatcheries at Oleira,
Marin County; Wawona. Yosemite Val
ley;. Eel. River, Humuoidt Cojnty. and
the immense salmon station at Battle
Creek. Tehama County. This is the
largest salmon station in the world. In
1£9S. its third season, while still under the
direction of Mr. Eabeock. 4«.i»}.C00 ralmcn
eggs were hatched. Tills Is. the greatest
number ever taken in one season at one
station. It was more than ail the other
hatcheries on the ccast combined pro
duced. Since Mr. Babcock assumed
charge as chief deputy there has been
hatched under the jurisdiction of the
board 105,1S4,5€0 salmon and 31.425.0i0 trout.
These have all been distributed In the
public waters of the State to supply both
sport and food for its people.
Framed Protective Law.
Mr. Ba'ccock framed and defended at
Sacramento the present law fcr the pro
tection of salmon. Under its benefic?nt
workings the hatcheries are run to their
full .capacity, while tho catch has in
creased steadily. The Sacramento is the
great salmon " river of California. It 13
also a profitable field for the fishermen,
as their catch iB marketed at once at good
prices, and not canned, as is the practice
elsewhere.
Mr. Babccck's headquarters will be at
Victoria. For the next year or more he
expects to spend the rr.r.jor portion of his
time on the Eraser River, studying the
habits of the salmon and determining the
best locations for hatcheries.
Eldred went to the mine, and after
working there for some weeks and not
telnjj paid any money, came to the can
elusion he had been swindled. He called
tt Robson's office and found it closed, so
he plueed the matter in the hands of the
Police Department, and Captain Seymour
detailed Detective Dillon on the ca^e.
R. J. Eldred, 571 Minna street, secured
a warrant from Judg-e Cabani?a yesterday
for the arrest of R. J. Robson on a charge
of felony embezzlement. Robson had an
c£ce at 314 Montgomery street and lived
at the New Western Hotel, but he has
disappeared from both places.
Eldred had been employed In the Union
Iron Works and had saved about $250,
which he had deposited in the Hibernia
Bank. About two nicnths ago he saw an
advertisement for a timekeeper at a mine
at Pilot Kill. El Dorado County, and an
swered it. He called at Robson's office
and get the "position," but was told that
he must deposit ?300 as security. Ho
drew ?200 frcra the bank and signed an
cgrccrueiit fcr $25 to be taken from hi3
monthly salary of $75 till the remaining
$2W was made up.
for the Position of a
Timekeeper.
Induced to Deposit Tlonsy as Security
ELDHED ETTTTUEUED BY
"FAKE" MINING AGENT
Professor Ernest. F. Fenollosa, who ar
rived on the steamer Coptic on Sunday,
will deliver a series of lectures before th-3
Charming Auxiliary, commencing Tues
day afternoon, October 15. The subject
cf his opening lecture will be the "Early
Art of India. China and Japan." For
tv.-entv-three years Professor Fenoiloaa
has been studying the art and literature
of those countries and has had charge of
the Government schools in Tolno during
a large portion of that period.
' The lectures will be delivered in the
rcading-rcom of the First UrJtarlaa
Church at Franklin and Geary streets.
Professor Fenollosa has had a wide ex
perience in the countries about which he
proposes to speak, having been for eight
rears professor-of philosophy In the Uni
versity of Toklo. For five, years he was
'director of fine arts In the same museum
and organized a school of art. 5*rotn 1390
to ISM he was connected with the Fine
Arts School of Beaton, and returned, to
Japan In US96, where he has since re
mained.
PrcfesEor Has Bscn En
gaged to Deliver a Coursa 32efora.
Channing Auxiliary.
ART OP -INDIA AHD JAPAN
SXTBJECT OP HIS LECTURES
'ilie inird husbanu of Mrs. V.'itmer was
William Htowe. who died at lliddletown
unaer symptoms, it is stated, of arsenical
poisoning. fctowe's denih at that time
created a sensation and was the subject
of an investigation by the Coroner. It
was shortly atter Stove's aeath that Mrs.
\N itmer came to Dayton. She afterward
assumed the duties of housekeeper tor
Cnarles K. Keller, a widower. Kelter died
sucdenly ana the information since gained
by I he Coroner concerning Keller's death
is that his ailment was similar to that of
a pci son affected by poison. She next
acted as housekeeper for John A. Wenz.
en East End druggist. Wenz died in Sep
tember, one year ago. The doctors at
tributed his death to blood poisoning, but
now tell the coroner that they were dls
ratisfied with their diagnosis at the time.
Two nicnths before Wenz's death his 4
ycnr-eld son died suddenly. Mrs. Stowe
next resldnd with a Mr. and Mrs. Gabler
on Best street. Riverdale. These two per
rons died suddenly and the Coroner now
says that~their sickness was of the na
ture of / arscn!cal poisoning.
iollowir.g closeiy upon the death of her
fuse tiust;unu, >ied bCiiWeger, came, ac-
Ouitih»g lo l-ohce iJepai tment uata, tne
rtcatti of iv» o ctuidteu. 'i ne secona hu.-s
una cieu suauemy several years aiter
Uie wtcuing, turn ihiee cnildren of tnis
marriage u.cu iu" rayia succession. Her
ir.st husbauu. A. j. Xv'ilmer, died last
Apiil. in each instance ceatn was soiue-
Wiiat suuicn, ar:u ail v.-eie strangely aliKe.
iao prisontr is 4< years of age, ana lorm
eiiy meu in Miadiciown, this State. She
hub two sons m tne 1'niiippine? and a sis
ter, n is stated, in a .New York asylum.
i\o cunceivaoie motive tor tne suspected
Crimes lias been disc'ored. Drug3 which
were round in the nouse occupiea by Mrs.
\Vltxner aie in possession oi tne police,
and \vi;l be examined.
DATTON; O., Oct. 7.— Mrs. J. A. Wit
mer, a widow residing in this city, has
been arrested by the police at the Insti
gation of the Coroner, and is held a pris
oner at the central station pending an in
vestigation into ves-y serious charges.
Airs. Witmer, the ponce say, Is suspected
cf fourteen muruers, the list including
tour husbands, live children, one sister
and four rueirjoers cf uilterent families in
wmcii sue v.as employed U3 housekeeper.
'X'CO iabt suyi)03eu \ictiai way ner sisier,
x;*.rs. AMa i-ugti, wiio uiea a weeit ago
u«iu»:r uiytstafiMuM Circumstances. An uu-
Utysy ttaonaea a.t tno request or Mrs.
Mttus&f'a bioiti.br, \Vi;o came nere lioiu
i^ttioit, is biisd to hu\e disciosea tne pieis
ci.co oi iusciuc anu cut«j)eras*jn tiie biom-
DENVER, Oct. 7.— If Dorothy Studs
baker, tho celebrated : San FranclBCO
beauty' society £irl and actress, Is going
to marry Scott McICcotvn. her former hus
band, there is a man In Denver who would
like to know It. It. cannot be true,- he
says, for. ho !s engaged to marry M!ss
Studebaker, and addii that the -ceremony
-« T iir occur some time before Christmas.
The man ir. question Is Harry To3t, an
actor, who is filling an engagement at the
Empire Theater. Yost v.-as asked to-day
regarding a telerram sent out from Sa:i
Francisco Ia3t week stating that Dorothy
Studebaker would 1 abandon the vaudeville
Etage for good and veir.arry her former
husband. • I
"There la notnine to It," he said with a
bioc-zy laugh. 'Tin tho chap that's going
to marry Dorothy Studebaker,' and. "we're
gc!ng into the theatrical business to
gether. George Ado la writing a elcetch
for us, and when we start over the cir
cuit v.-o will mska all these other acts
look like trash. McKeown don't cut in
at all any more. Dot has passed him up
and he is trying to get a little notoriety
by that story about a second marriage.
"If you think I ain't in the riffht, let
me tell ycu that I've got that $2»,000 dia
mond, l-.ecklace McKeown u&%'e her on licr
wedding mornine. She gave it to me to
keep until 'we ere married." •
Harry ' Ycst and Dorothy Studebaker
rr.ct last June, going from St. Louis to
Chicago. According ta Yost it was a case
of love at first Eight T»n both sides. She
had just finished an engagement at Forest
Park, Highlands, and he had closed at the
Columbia Theater. After reaching Chi
cago Yost became Miss Studebakcr's man
ager and looked after her affairs until
her mother's death called her back to
San Francisco. Ycst was born and raised
in Cincinnati. Hls'parents own a-beauti
ful home there cr. Walnut Hill. ;
Laughs at the Story of Her
Coming Remarriage to
Scctf McKeown.
Four Husband?, Five Children
and a Sister Amocg
the Victims.
Denver Actor Says That
; Miss Studebaker Is
to Marry Him.
Police Believe She Is
Guilty of fourteen
Murders.
CLAIMS DOROTHY
FOR HIS BRIDE
SUSPECT WIDOW
OF MANY CRIMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8> ]J)0!.
Government Officials S?cure Services of John
P. Babcock,' Chief Deputy of the Cal
ifornia Board of Fish Commissioners
BRITISH COLUMBIA HONORS
AN AUTHORITY ON SALMON
7
iLMTJgSMEirTS.
ALHAMBRA.
ONE "WEEK. Commencing NEXT SUNDAY
EVENING, October 13. (Every evenins.)
Matinees Yu«3ay, Wednesday. Thursday,
Friday and Saturday.
Messrs. Ellinchousft and OppenUeimer have the
' honor to announce the appearance o£
MR. CHANNING ELLERY'fl
ROYAL
ITALIAN BAND.
CO ARTISTS 50
SIG. GIUSEPPE CREATORE. Director,
Assisted by
UJIK. JOAXXA BARILI. Soprano.
MISS IDA B. IIEINTZKN. Harpist.
PRICFS-SOo. Tic, |1. « W.
Pcata ready Thursday, 9 a. in., Sherman.
Clay & Co.> Mnslc Store. A'hanibra Theater
Hox Office. Sunday. October 13.'
AL!IAIBSA_THEATER.
THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.
LAST TIMES OP
Brownies in Fairyland
Beats on Sale at Sherman Sc Clay's.
Week and
let up to the
The seats.
[Great •**
Musical
Tpiuniph.
7 Nights Epch \Veek/^^W^
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. xn. to 11 v. m.
i'.athin-^ from 7 a. m. to 13:5?) p. m.
Admission 20e. OiiltJren. Sc.
Bathing Includins admission. 23c. Children, 20-t.
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Llsti Mailed
on ABpllcatloa.
B1LLIAHD5, POOL AND EAR FIXTURES
Bt. Germain Billiard Go., inte Jacob Strah'.e
& Co. (esfd. 1SC2). 17 anil 13 Fremont'st. : upon
installment cr rented; al«o b«>cr apparatus.
COAL. COK3 AN 1 PI » 1R0X
J- V-,MIL3Url K VJ-. Telechcne Main 1SSI
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAC KflVBC Uutchers. vh
JA V - l]0l£3 ft tu- Qay: 'tel. Main 1294.
OTt-S.
LunnirATiNO oils, ieoxahd a eixis.
OS Kront «t.. S. V. rho::> Main 1718.
PHINTIN'O.
K r tiUr'HWZ PRINTER.
L- W- tiUUnO. til Sansom* St., 8. F.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.,
iiir hicics-judd co..
S3 Fimt «treet. San Francises.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
:S] /'". /i s A:N bbmjo co.
We ofior some stock tor sale in this m'n-j at
50o per nhare. Price wilt be advanced on No-
vember 13. The money will be us»d for flevel-
oiiment and to build a furnace, which will im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
ot ore are developed with a shaft VA feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acre* of
la:. 1 with buildings end machinery. We Want
you to ee« this mine. The stock in the Sliver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to S3 'per
ihare and is all xcld and issued and will ray
a dividend in a short time.
H. It. BRADFORD.
President and General Manager.
7 North Market Bt.. San Jo»e, Oal.
Prospectus nn<J Exhibit at Branch- OfUce.
413 KEARNY HTRKET. San Francisco.
F. DK FREITA3. As»nt
I PALACE HOTEL.
t For a quarter of a century the$:
hotels have been the headquarters oi
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from ali parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plsn.
GRAND HCVTEL.
Weekly Call, $1 per Tear
A3fTTSE3CESTS. .
New Vaudevil-e Brilliants !
Sisters O1SI«crs, Mitchell aad Bar-
nard,! Jo?, Buster and 2Iyra Kcaton,
Belle Thome, Wilfred Clarke and
Co., Boycs and Wilson, Madge Pox,
Tic Sven sails and the Blograph.
Reserved Seats. Sc; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Op«ra Ckalra. 50c. -- \u25a0 . .
E\*KXIXGS AT S SHAVtT.
matii.'ee satup.dat at 2 sharp.
To-night. Thnrrday. Sunday Nights aad Satar-
day MaUcee.
N4BUCCO
tXEBUCHADXEZZAn)
WEDXE3DAT, FRIDAY. 8ATUKDAT,
The MASKED BALL
MONDAY. October U "VERDI NIGHT'
POPCUVR THICKS I777T. Se. »anl TSe
Telephon* Ba«h 9. -
MATINEE SATTKDAY AVt> St*NDAY.
FAKEWEIX, NIGHTS OF
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In .Sbakeypea.-e's Greatest Tragedy.
"HAMLET."
POPULAR PRICES— 10s. i:c. 25c. 5Cc. 73c
Good CrchPstra S?at All Mat'nces 23c.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
Next Week— "TUB I.1TTI.B MINISTEn."
Herscfcel Marall a« Cnvin IMshart. tb« L-ittls
Minister.
Reappearance after an Illnes* of several weeks
of Laura Xclscn Hall an Ia&y Babbie.
fTBli, WFEK.
I MATINEE SATUHDAf.
HERRMANN
THE GRE^VT
EverytJilng New This
Introducing A WorM ot
Accompanied fey
j McWatters« end Tyson
i end Ci m ; )Dii)',
Next Sunday— MASON AND MASON In G«6. '
H. Brondhnrst's NevLest XIuMcal Cemeily Suc-
cess, "RITDOLPU AND ADOI^'H." Scats
Thursday. .
& Th*!l Managers.
TO-NIGHT AyD ALL %VEgK «
Wm. Gillette's Ccmedx,
Too Much Jchnson.
MATINEE EVERT SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
BOUND TO MAKE YOU LAUGH.
NEXT WEEK— "THE GIRL IN THE BAR-
RACKS."
Seats on tale 6 days in advance.
DECIDED HIT— Every Evening This W*ek.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stirrinar
LW m tt"B ffC\ Incidents I
II U I k ot Frontier
SU1I ID *5= — -i
I»J>»rrC Ereninn* 10e. Vid Ze. JSc. 80o
I flltl 5 Mntinees 10c. 18c. 15c
NgXT WEEK-"W1PE FOR WIFE."
TTIQrHPP'Q CONCERT HOUSE".
Silvia Peurari, . Val Vousden. Volkyr*, Sid-
ney Smltn. Robcl Btmms. Sam Holdsworth.
Watson. Davenpcrt and Hamilton; Eartelrness
and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 2Cc. Matinee Sundiy.
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
4!6 CAUFGEH1A ST., S. F.
C. F. MULLINS Manager
For Stomach Disorders,
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRSKK
Best NATURAL Aikaltne Water.
22O BROADWAY, X. T.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great/?
SgUSEUB OF ABflTOESrl
\ EzT The ljurge« Anatomical MwieuiB in the \
A *-„ World. U«kncsse« or any nninc-erl A
© fgg gfl I J>pec»!:»: on tte Coast. list. 36 years.
4 bWil ° n * «!OHDAH-D1SEASES OF KEH(1
1 P<v*W^iJ Ccmra!:ation free and strirtijp pri»ste. \
A * VyKj' H Tre»mtent prnonally or bjr l-ttcr. A A
Y R w iW H PmrMzt Cure 13 crery caae cadrruk ec. V
A IP if II & Write f<* Book. pn!Losoray o r A
* il Ij* atlirI*On, MAILED FKEE. (AY
V TSVL. iORDAJf &\u25a0 VO.. ICS1 JJnrtrt St..S. F. 9
/ 7^1&%*?Zl fan obtain rtne-x-
fO. \u25a0trca^tli and
y^T^V«^*>r»X est improved)
I 'S*Ff4;i \ \ >• « TLKCCTICEELT'
end Appliances. Drue* do not cure. Elec-
tricity Ja the remedy: Buy no Belt until
you see Dr. Tierce* e. for it 1« the BEST.
Thousands cured!
fryCp.ll ct offlce cr Bead a 2c Btstr.p for
r.e-.v •Tioclclet No. t." 'AfidreM TIERCE
ELECTRIC CO.. 20« Post Bt.. Ean Fran-
ritwi. Eastern offlce— 1145 Broadway, New
York.
When -vroiaen arc troubled -with irregular, suppressed or ]?ainfal
menstruation, vcakaess, isneorrhceji- disphteeiasTis or ukerafSon of tho
womb, that bearing-do^m .leelicg, infl«nrny*tkKi ot lbs orrries-fcaekacbe,
bloating (or Satulsuce), general ticbQity, iixli|pe6tkja, srsd uervoas
tratioD, cr srs beset mth. such symptoms as dizziness, fofu^HH; liaaitpdo,
crcitabilitj, irritabiiity, iscrvonsness, rlecplsasncsi, icslaniciioly, "all-
gone, :i and "Trant-to-be-left-alone 1 * blocs, nrd hopefessnesa,
they should remember there fa one tried and ,trcs icc2sdy. I/jdia jE»
Pinilsam^s V^-ctable CompouxvtL at cuee rersores rcdi troebka.
Refuse to buy any ctirsr mcdieiQe, for joinszsd. the best.
Mrs. Pintluj-ci iuTites all sick wczaffn to "srrite bcr for s&rteo.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkhasi :— Your Vegetable Compound cared me
of womb trouble from which I had been a great cuftcrer fcr nearly
three years. During that time I was very irregular and rrotxld often
have intense pain in the small of my back, and blinding headaches and
severe cramps. /For three months I used Ijydia. S» Pinkliam's
Vegetable Comporjud., and aches and pains arc 23 a past memory,
while health and happiness is niy dally experience now. You cer-
tainly have one grateful friend in Enporia, and I bzrc praised ycer
Vegetable Compound to a large ntsnber cf ray friends. Yoa bare
my permission to publish my testimonial in connection my pictnre.
Yours sincerely, Miss 2?Iasiojt CcKXKGHjiJ Emporia, Hans." [^
$5000 FOSJFEFT EP *«^M »•* ABOVE IjETTSU XS HOT GSUTmSTE.
Miss Marion Cunningham, the Popular
Young Treasurer of the Young Woman's
Club of Emporia, Kans., has This to Say of
Lydia E. Pmkham's Vegetable Compound.
Two Physicians Both Agree on the
New Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
Dr. J. ' M. Powell of Spokane, Wash.,
says: "Herplcide has given good satis-
faction in my family for dandruff."
Dr. W. G. Alban of Walla Wa'.Ja,
Wash., says: "I find Herplclde all '.h:tt
is claimed for it as a dandruff cure. I
shall prescribe it." Dandruff is a germ
disease and you can't cure It unless you
kill the dandruff germ; and you can't
do that unless you use Newbro's Herpl-
cide, the only preparation in the world
that destroys the parasites. A delight-
ful hair dressing-; allays Itching Instanlly;
makes hair glossy and soft as silk. It Is
a sure dandruff destroyer. !
THE DOCT03S AGREE,
1TEW ADVEBTISEMHNTS.
ADVEBTISEIIENTS.
ADVEBXISEfltENTS.
jiiiillcf&i IIP
Positively cured by thess
Utilo.Pilia.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
KatingL'-'- A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
vess, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
la thi Motuh. Coated Tonarac. Pain i'\
<>.c S?-J-. TORPID. LIVER: They
»2«3?llats the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
£m2l! P£l'. Pmail D03;.
TJITTTEB STATED H^JlI-ZCS.
[CONDITION AND AFFAIF.S
p ° | 1 1 a !
UlHuSl
aSSuRASOE COMPANY
X-i:iITZD
,o r i-OKror:. hxgland. ox the ::st
% J <\u25a0-;\u25a0 '_\u25a0: 7>cf rr.*L-.T. A. D. "900. ar.d for the
T'fcr «r<5Sr;-r <-n that d^iy, as resd; t^» ths In-
"ianc« Onwwateacacr oi «he rtaie of CaiUor-
r'.s. imrsuftst fi the provisions of f-^cUww 610
uMl in or the Poilticcl Co&e. oendersed as per
fc!ar.^ :i;rr.:-;lis.'2 by :hs CtoEsateloacr.
• V.\u25a0^a• Ert3t« cvnfi Company rsSS.KS 59
j^ars «jn ii^rKis a~3 Mortsajfj 130,600 C3
t \u25a0\u25a0!: ii^>:.?i V;*!'je o! ali Stocks and
Reeds own«£ by Cc-r.-.i any 1 SS" 1 ?i3 TJ
\u25a0C-iui Ju Ear^to 1S2.216 U
tstnvet £\i? r.r.d mocreed cr. all
ciiu Lcauf.. ............... 37 3^5 20
[rttrest r*Me csd eccrced 0.1 Ejnds ' \u25a0 \u25a0 "
Kw^s .. 4.Q3 «
. tic>3 <23, CSS "G
2>Ux t»aeIr*Me. not SXalnred, tilirn
r tor Kre s:.d Har;r.» Risks 6.J9J :s
7->T:ti <5u« ?.ri1 accr:;»<! 6.015 z\
I- <i* frcm ether Coapsr.!ta Icr He-
irsurtnee ca Iresrs a'itracy pa!« <_is; l;
-t:e ZTCzn Paia.:Sr;e Insurance Ccsi-
r-«=r. £i«e rais m:.:;s tz
rr^tti Assets -53.ss:.T-a 1;
IJAHILITIZS. -•— — — ~
IvOfr^? a<5;u r te<J ecd un.-viH J145.U0 00
lyEs^: !rs proceie o; Adjustment or la
- t^Ufnfm .. i:e.3» <»
j-c«=rcs r?«=!^t«T;, !r:c!'.!i:n; expei:^3.. 43.550 CO
Crosr jr^KiSK—s ca Fire Risks run-
c'.es cae y«fsr -cr IeE?. Ji.S13.lC3 3S;
reinsurance 19 ?«.- cent " 8^3 251 CS
Grce^ Drt-miiu.''^ on Fire BfskB run-
cins: mere thsm or.« ye?.r. ?1,S^,-
t3)03: rtiasaxsaee pro rata SSJ all c:
Grojw prcatama en Marine and In-
land Naviiratlcn KIcSs, ?5i.l31 93;
relEiEracce 150 per etm ' 341a S ;
Grost: yrezniu^s en Marina Time
Rls>r, r;7,1^3 17: reirsuraace Z? per
cent "3i3J T s
Amount r<»c!alrra:,!t by the ins'^red " '" "*
on yerpetuai Kire Initiranes I>ol2clsj ff 7»j 51
AH ctiisr liabUICes ri; s I s lz
Total LIabtl!tI» .t».as.:j3 37
IXCCSfE. =====
Xct caxi ectssJJy reo»i\-ed for Fire
pre=ira=:s J5.Oi.M7 CS
»t cash actually received icr Ma-
l-lae premiums 123.9U 91
E»^*!vie<! for interest on Eonis aaj
Hcrteases 11 tt^
Itec-i\^ed for interest and dividends
ca 3or.i<, Stocis. Lcaas. aaj frua
all other sources ~i «\u2666» 13
Kec-Ivej tas T-eats Je!^ n
Total I2=cm« .n-Ta^crTs
EXPENDITURES.
srrjurt paid for Fire Losses (Ia-
dxxiijig losses of previous years). .-J1.7SS.13 11
I-Cet i*ncg3t t«13 for M«rlae L<oss«3
<tec!udl=s losses of previous years! £3.173 «6
r»i«l cr aHcTred for Commigslaa or
Iirckerase O1.S18 CT
Tald for Salaries. Fe»s. and other
cbsnres for of£o»rs. cierka. cts 1C T71 61
I*«ki ior Htit^. Xationcl and Zjocal
<«:" 70X5 73
A!l ether- rsrr=«5ts and expend-
itures U3.4S5S7
Tt-tsl ExpsaCttcr-s n.ES3.3M 91
I^osstrs !srsrr?<l «3^riT!3 tbe year S1.7CKS CO
lUsts cad PreaisM. |Flre Risks. Premiums.
N>t a=33Ci!t of Risk«j
vtTif.es durins the;
ye=r i P2.S74.C7 ».28.c: 04
Net asicart cf Risks]
cxclred fitzrlns the!
year 33.«C=SS 2.07C.165 3
T»et. aTECJint in foreej
December ::. 1SCD....| <C1.717.C73 3.ST7.S3 41
I'.isks a2d rreir.'.u=:s. !M?.r. Risks.l Premiums.
1 j .
N'et 2Tr;ccnt of Rl^ksl i
written dr!rins the
year j tM.lCS.CCS J2TO.S03 37
Net KSOBSt of Risks!
oijiired Cur'.nff the
1C2.T I 4S.S2M57 1C2.S8S24
\u25a0;»t a=ccr.t In forsel
IJ«<-»:niber 3. ISCO.-.-j 2.M5.37: C7.CC9 77
A. H. WRAY~iian»ier7~
Subscribed and sworn to bsfcre me, this 21st
.y or Febrcarr. j»ci.
EDWIN F. CORET,
CcmirilEricner for California Ja New Ycric
_ 2 • "GOLD DUST."
g "lot tho GOLD DUST twSns do yo3*» work?" sk
| Ifyoa aroasfiio *onp fa* yom> 'cSoantos, you mill find that \ i
Bis more convenient cheaper and better than any soap at zxw pries. There is no cleanser of fef
tnyldnd as good as GOLD DUST, andl no deanlns that GOLD DUSTwUl notdooettsr tg
than anything else. Try it once and you will always use it , -'\u25a0\u25a0'. ; \u25a0 M
• .THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chicaeo, St Louis, New York. Boston. . . MOne Man Killed and Three Injured in
CARS OF LOGGING TRAIN
ROLL DOWN EMBANKMENT
SANDUSKY, O., Oct. 7.— A. W. Miller,
formerly City Clerk, who left here last
February and who is said to have made
away with nearly $100,000 of the city's
funds, has been located at Havana, Cuba.
Chief of Police Welngates and City Soli
citor Henry Hart have gone after him.
A telegram was received from Havana
saying that Miller was there and asking
what would be paid for his surrender. A
reward of $500 was voted by the Council
and a reply was received that Miller
would be turned over by his betrayer for
that amount. A Cuban who made the of
fer said that Miller is poor, friendless and
in a pitiable condition.
fugitive crrir clerk
IS JJOOAfTED IN HAVANA
The dead man was well dressed and ap
peared to be in well-to-do circumstances.
The young stranger had been seen
around town several days, with a com
panion, who has suddenly disappeared.
The officers are satisfied that this com
panion committed the crime. •
HANFORD, Oqt. 7.-Offlcials of Kings
County have to deal with a murder mys
tery that is baffling In its lack of sub
stantial details upon which to work.
The body of a young stranger, about 25
years of age, with the throat cut from
ear to ear, was found to-day by hunters
on the bank of the Last Chance Ditch,
near Hanford. The corpse lay under a
willow tree. The Coroner, who made an
examination, found that the larynx and
both the inner and the exterior jugular
veins were severed. That the man was
.murdered there Is no doubt, as the phy
sicians who examined the wounds say
it would have been impossible fpr him to
inflict them himself. * The victim's face
and right hand are bruised, as though
he had strug-gled with his murderer. His
clothing was stripped of everything of
value and there is nbthlng by which to
identify him. The place where the mur
der was committed Is a lonely spot, ahd
if the hunters had not accidentally stum
bled across the body it might have lain
there for days.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Kings County Officials Deal
"With Crime That De
velops Pew Clews.
Body on th© Bank
of a Ditch. ; >
Hunters Find Stranger's
MURDERER CUTS
VICTIM'S THROAT
LISBON, Oct. 7.— Nineteen persons were
drowned to-day by the foundering of a
fishing boat in the bay of Peniche, Just
outside of (he peninsula of Peniche.
Nineteen Persons Go Down With Boat
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 7.— L. ; P. Powers,
a well-known resident of this city, was
held ud at the point of a pistol In the
neighborhood of his .home on Saturday
night and robbed of $16 by three masked
footpads. •
Robbed by Masked Footpads.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 7.— John Cronln.
a laborer In the employ of the Sunset
Rcilroad, was fatally shot accidentally
yesterday afternoon by his chum, Frank
Lamar, while they were hunting fourteen
miles west of this city. Lamar was ar
rested and will be held pending the Cor
oner's inquest. Cronin was taken to the
Bakersfield-Kern Hospital, where he died
shortly afterward. He said that the
shooting was accidental. As Lamar was
loading bla gun after shooting a rabbit
the weapon was discharged, the load en
tering Cronln's back above the hips,
breaking, the spinal column and lacerating
the Intestine*.
Accidentally Killed by Comrade.
Under Sheriff Francis Borgwardt says
that when Joyce was taken into custody
Mrs. Sternberg cried bitterly and declared
that she thought much of the man she
had. accused of robbing her. Joyce denies
his guilt and claims that a mistake has
been made.
According to the complaining witness,
Joyce stole from her home a purse con
taining $90. He had In his possession her
gold watch and chain and some rings.
Kor the past ten days he has not been
seen, but last night he visited the home
of Mrs. Sternberg at 1224 Seventeenth
street and was arrested by Sheriff Borg
wardt.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 7.— Thomas P.
Joyce, an ex-soldier, was arrested last
night on a warrant charging him with
grand larceny. The warrant was sworn
to by Mrs. Maggie Sternberg, the woman
to whom, it is said, he was engaged to be
married.
a Charge of Grand Lar
ceny.
Bakersneld ex-Soldier Is Arrested on
ACCUSED OP STEALING
FROM HIS BETROTHED
NEW YORK, Oct. 7, 19Ol.-Drf Louis Ma
rion, a prominent physician of Havre,
France, who Is at present in this city, in
.an interview to-day said: "While it is
not surprising that bo many Americans
get dyspepsia, considering the way they
live and particularly what they eat, yet
It Is surprising that so many suffer so
long from the disease, as it is. In fact,
very easy to cure if the, right course Is
pursued. The inner lining of the stomach
of a person suffering with dyspepsia is
covered with a coating of unhealthy mu
cus, which prevents the proper flow of
gastric fluid. Stimulants to the gastric
juice may give temporary relief, but as
they do not remove the true cause of the
disease they cannot effect a cure, while
they frequently aggravate It, owing to
their poisonous properties. All that is
necessary to cure dyspepsia is to take a
little hydrozono in a half-glass of water
before meals and a teaspoonful of glyco
zone after meals. The nydrozone, being
a powerful but non-injurious antiseptic
and pus destroyer, breaks down the mor
bid element, while glycozone, acting on a
clean surface, subdues the inflammation.
This method of treatment is in accord
ance with reason and' experience shows
it entirely successful."
Dyspepsia Can Be Easily Cured.
A Prominent French Physician Says
OTJB, NATIONAL AILMENT.
REDDING, Oct. 7.— Owners of large
droves of hogs in Northern California,
with the assistance of Assemblyman J.
A. Hubbard, have united in an effort to
check the unparalleled plague which has
carried off 300,009 hogs In the northern
portion of the State during the past six
months and whose present ravages
threaten an aggregate loss of $1,000,000.
Mr. Hubbard has returned from Red
Bluff, where a convention of the hog
raisers of the five northern counties was
held. It was decided not to ask for aid
from the Federal Government, for fear
this entire section would be quarantined.
The State, which cannot declare a live
stock quarantine, will be called upon.
The growers who assembled at Red
Bluff described the various treatments
they had used. One had found a tea
spoonful of lime efficacious In the early
stages of the disease, and another advo
cated a teaepoonful of sweet spirits of
niter and five or six drops of carbolic
add as a good preventive. One man from
Colusa County, who had tried various
remedies, lost his entire band of 3800 hogs.
The growers unanimously passed a res
olution calling upon Professor Hilgard of
the State University to send experts to
investigate the disease. A meeting of
delegates from all counties north of Sac
ramento will be held at Red Bluff on
October 19, when further steps will be
taken.
It Is eald that the meat of hogs which
die of the plague Is not affected, and the
startling statement is made that packers
will accept them when sick if they can be
landed at the San Francisco packing
houses before death. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Then Block told him about Lizette, and
Hunse declared that he was In love with
her right away. Block likewise told
Hunse that his intended was well off and
had a large ranch, whereat Hunsa ap
peared to love her all the more.
So the bargain was made, and the two
were united this morning by Justice
Parker. It is said that Mrs. Hunse Is of
the opinion that, at the price, she got
her husband fairly cheap.
"Well," exclaimed Block, seeing his op
portunity, "1 can get you a wire and a
ranch both tocether."
"Now you're talking," said Hunse, de
lighted at the idea.
"I don't want any chicken ranch. If I
had a chicken ranch I'd have to have a
wife, and I have no wife."
STOCKTON, Oct 7.-Lizette Brown,
with the aid of $500 in hard cash, has
managed to change, her name to that of
Mrs. Andre"as Hunse. The transaction is
accounted for in this way;
Some time ago Lizette Brown, who is 55
years of age, applied to E. Block, an em
ployment agent. She \u25a0wanted a husband,
and 6he declared her willingness to pay
Block $500 for a suitable one. Block tried
hard to earn the $500, but had about lost
hope when Hunse, aged 52, came to pur
chase some ranch property from him.
Block tried to sell him a chicken ranch,
but Hutee demurred. Said he:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Losses From the Epidemic
Will Aggregate a Mil
lion Dollars.
Employment Agent Block
Succeeds in Arranging
a Happy Match.
Stockton Spinster Picks
Up a Matrimonial
Bargain.
Growers Will Appeal to
the State for As
sistance.
TRYING TO SAVE
THE HOG DROVES
FIVE HUNDRED
FOR HUSBAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1901.
STOCKTON, Oct. 7.— A young man
named Zimmerman, who hails fron>
Napa, was last Friday removed to the
Detention Hospital on account of "his
queer actions. Letter he became violently
insane. It was learned to-day that he
escaped from the institution last Saturday
night and has not been hoard from since.
He is considered a dangerous maniac.
Dangerous Maniac at Large.
It is said the accident was due to the
bursting of the air hose between two of
the cars. It occurred on a steep grade.
The trainmen attempted to jump to the
ground, but were too late and were caught
in the wreck.
TUOLUMNE, Oct. 7.— Five cars of the
logging train of the Hetch Hetchy and
Yosemlte Valley Railroad Company
jumped the track eight miles above here
this morning and rolled down an embank
ment, Instantly killing one of the train
men and severely injuring three others.
The person killed was Ralph Whitten and
the others are J. F. Prewett, J. E. Prew
ett and William Murray.
a Railroad Disaster Near
Tuolumne.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Many thousand physicians- and
millions of persons invariably ex-
perienced beneficial effects. Try
Vin Mariani on its merits.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Santa Fe Trains
• Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
y. ; Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:22 P 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ..."
" Visalia.... 8M0p :.. 4:4S a
"Bakrsfleld 6:15.p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago. \u25a0\u25a0 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving \u25a0 Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Care through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored en this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday ani
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
8-00* p. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Rcclintng Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
dally. \u25a0
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
eponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Of flce»— 611 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. ...\u25a0•\u25a0 - \u25a0 \u25a0 .-
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN H. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. f
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of ttorlctt BL
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
1:20, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:« j
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m. %
r L«alfe I In Effect I ArrlTe
San Francisco. |Aprll 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 ami S:0O ami Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am| Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. ',
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburgr, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyscrville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am| j 10:40 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8^30 pm| B:00 pm \u25a0 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma >:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
3:30 pm I 5:00 pml Sebastopol. 1 7:33 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeyEervllle for Ska«3 Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad SDrines, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley"a, Bucknell'a
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr*» Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brae?, West-
port. Usal. WHUts. Laytoaville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. \u25a0
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all Dolnta
beyohd San Rafael at half rates. *«juiw
Ticket office, 650 Market street. ChrorUel*
Dullamff. \u25a0 •
H. C. WH1TTNO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABST ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
dNeasB vrearlnfon body and mind and
Skin DIseascs^The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
«:nr«>*srnnrnntec-d. CallorwrlMk
l>r. JT. r. filBBOX. tiau iTanciaco, QtX \u25a0
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
...OIL STOVES.,.
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR. \\'r ) %-ii Vi : '^
NO ASHES. ,. • A/tA £** «rn t\/l I V (*» ' *
no smoke. 309 to 3J7 Market Street,
'\u25a0 . ." . San Francisco.
RAILWAY XEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains !•»«•• nn<l a%r« <tn« ««• nrrlx \u25a0%•
NAN rilAMf!IN<:o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market SkreeL)
ieat* — From Octobxb 6. 1901. — akkiti
7:O«a Bcnicia, Suisun. Elmlr» and Sacra-
mento 6:25}
7:00a Vacmille, Winters, Rumsey 7:33]
1 >3Oa Martinez, S*u Kamon, Vallejo. N»pa,
Caliatoga and .Sauta Unn tf:25t
8:O« a Davis, Woodland. Knignts Lmndinj:,
Mary»»ille, Orotllle.. 7:3-1p
8:00* Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and East 12:25?
M:««»a Nlles. Lathrop, Stockton ' 3£ta]
SiOOANUet, Mendota. Hanford, Visalia,
Porterrille 4:33i
S:3U a ShMta Express— Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows, Red
Bluff. Portland. 7:33)
\u25a0 iSOa San Jose, lirermore, Htocktnn,
lone, Haerameuto. Placerville,
M»rj8»ill«, Cbico. lto.l Itluir 4:25»
HiSOa O»kdal«, Chinese. Sonora. Carters... 4:3A>
»:«»* H»» ward, NUes aad Way Stations.. 1 1 :S3a
0:UWa Vallejo 12:23>
tf :O«a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop, rttocktou, Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles 7:25]
0:3Oa Vallrjo. Martinez ami Way Station* "iJSf
lOcOOA.Th« OrerUiiit Limited— Ogden, fen-
ter. Omaha, Chicago 6:-i3p
fl:O0r Sacrantentn Hirer Mtemnert |3:0t>A
3:3»p JIayward, MUrs and Way .Station* 7:33r
4>o«r Bruicla. Winters, MaeraineiAo,
WoiHllaml. KnlKhU ljiudiug.
MarjsTille. OroTllle 10:33a
4:O«r Martinez. Hau lUmon. Vallejo,
Nairn. ( .'allntnijii, Santa Kon* »i25 A
4:00r Nlles, Litennore, Stockton. Lo<li... 12:23?
4>:i»r Hsyward. Mies, Mau J«»«, Llvermore tM:»3A
4>3Op Port Cos'a. Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 O:23a
S-.WOrTlie Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare, -
, itakersDeltl, Haugns for Santa .Bar-
bara, Los Angeles 9:53*
ff:OOpMartin'z. Antioch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 12:25j
3>3Or New Orleans Kipre«s — Mendota,
Fresno, Bakersoe.d. Los Angeles,
Dcming. £1 Paso, New Orleans
and East 7:334
rl:«0r Ilajward, NileiaudSau Jose....... 7:334
fOiOOr VaIIej< 11:33a
«i««r Oriental Mail— Ogden, Chejenne.
Omaha, Clilcaga 13>23r
0:OOr Oriental Alall— Ogden, Denrer.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4:23f
7i00p OregDii and California Rxi>reiw,H*a.
nuiieiiti., MurjiTllIe. italiMng,
r.irtlaii.i, Tnget rtmiuit an<l Kas» 8;35a
BiOSrSan Pablo. Fnrt Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11>2.1t
tStQ.tr Vallfji 7:33?
COAST LINE (Narrow Uange). '
(Foot ol Mnrket Street.) -_^_
\u25a0> 1 3 A Newark.Centor»llle,Mai» Jose, Ifrlton,
BoiilderCreek.SaiitaCnixaudWay '
Stations 8:5»f
fSilDp Newark. CenteiTllle, San .Iota, Now
Atmaden. Felton. Itoulder Creek,
Santa Crm and Pilnolpal Way
Stalious IO:."li>A
4 1 1: Hr Newark. Han Jose, Los Gatos {9:30*
aO.3«r Hnnten' Train— San Jcse and IV aj
Stations !?•»<»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm SIS r&lSCISCO— foov *t tuitt Street (Slip 8)—
t<:15 9.00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:33 i:\Zr.w.
rnmOHUND— raiU'Braiiw.j.— Jil-.no Js.00 13:03
10.00 a.m. 12:00 3.C3 4:C3r.M.
COAST IjINB (Broail IJanire).
(Third and Townseml Sts.)
«jI«a San Jose and Way HUtions. o»a«i
7:0Oa Ban Jnae anil Way SUtloiis la:t«»
/7i«»A New AlmanVn / -H1OJ
Wi««a Han Jose. Tres IMnos. Smita f.wwx,
Paelllc KtiiiK, halinas. San LoU
Obispo, Banta Barbara anil Prln-
cii>Al intermediate St*tl»n 7:4.1]
10::I0a San Jose and Way Stations. 4s I Oi
I IiSOa Han Jose ami Way Stations ........ OiUni
tSt4»r San Matro. lUdwood. Msnlo Park.
Palo Alto. HanU Clara. San .lose.
Tres Pinos, S«nta Cnix, Salinas,
Monterey ami l'acilic GroTs |ID:-I3.t
«ta«r San Jose and Wsy Station*. 6:3»j
f4ilSp San Joseand Principal Way Stations U-.4-1*
t3iO9r San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f!):OO#
StSOr SsnJose and Principal Way Stations 8;36i
oiHOp Redwood. Han Josn. Gilroy. Sallnaa,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles 1O:O3j
«s3Or San Jose aud Way .Station. t«*:«'»i
rtll:45p San Josr ami Way Stations O::t0j
A for Morning. I* 7or A fterooou.
t Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only.
a Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Fridays.
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAV
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive '
San Fran. Foot of Market St, San Fran
awu ., a. -r.^.^^ days^ Days.
v5s t" irvnn a" p * ta '" "*•"*« *~™ •* T *> 10 ° *\u25a0 M^*.
4d5 I' 1V30a' •\u25a0 ».—*!»• •"-/*»• 3=00 P. 3:40 P
1-15P* •••*. »•*^«1T- ??? p - &53 »
• | 1.19 Y. O ;55 f
r«M. Bu rraaoteo to Sumtt ud futnn. n 90.
il^DEm.STRDHBMn^ .
V PATENT S> 1
iSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBVsnSSCHBlMIRBiaBIWtl^.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
I Via Sausallt* fmrry.
Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FKAN CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DATS— 6:55, 8:30. *9:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1:45, 3:15, 4:13, 5:15, *6:15, 6:43 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and | San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "8:00. *10:00. »ll:30 a. m. 1OS.
3:15, *4 :4V 6:30. 9:30 p. m. ~
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »5:25, 6:27, 7:«. 8:35 W15
a. in.. »12:2S, 2:15, '3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. m '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, »8:00. •HhOO, 11:45 a. m..
•1:40, •3:15, 4:43. »6:30 p. m. '
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:45, 7:55, 8:55. 1030
a. m.. 12:35. 2:43. 3:50. 5:10 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS * on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. S:30
6:00. 6:45 p. m. '
. THROUGH TRAINS. . • ,
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - . \u25a0
1:45 p. in. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. - ..-,\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan . Mills and way
stations. \u25a0 \u25a0 .
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
ESEEEHEHEHHHKKBHHBBBBBSBSBHHHBBHBHBfflEHHHHHHHEHHHnHBnHHBHHHHB
a \u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0..,'\u25a0':.\u25a0 ..,.\u25a0_..\u25a0\u25a0 . .,..- ..... .... . . ... 1
f I Has Secured the Exclusive Serial Rights I j
I I for the Pacific Coast of r * || j
h § • • .... g j
H mmi«IMMIIIIII IMMIIIMIIM IIIWIIIIII1III It MB— ' WM y»-- M « W «^^ \u25a0Illlllllll ll.l \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0III \u25a0^^^\u25a0M Q '
I I The Greatest Novel Written in Years. 1 '
II The First Installment Will Appear f
HN *t * ' ' ?r>
D 'X. M - -CD
S « • " *" • Q
H « ' g
a I'
H ~~ ! i ~ i '
SIGNATURE /LCM
\lrl GUARANTEES
COMPANY'S E3 ST&££' r
Delighted With
the Route
I came over the Burlington two years ago and
was delighted with the route. As my parents ex-
! pect to visit southern California the coming
.November, I would be pleased for them to come
N the same way. Please send them information.
E. J. Brown, Chula Vista, Cal.
The Burlington Overland Excursions leave San Francisco Tuesdays
Ifll^mlrTYpr^ anc * Thursdays — Omaha, Kansas City, St. Louis, Chicago —
||M|u|yM| EVERYWHERE East. Tickets and berths at—
I lifts! if illlHpi! Ticket Office, 631 Market Street
|Bffifl«MBMl'lW w. D. Sanborn, General Agent San Franciscopursued and perhaps to break off rela
tions with the Sofia Government.
"Warships Can't Reach Bulgaria.
Turkey has no influence with Bulgaria.
Russia s influence is paramount. With
the Russian agent at Sofia and Consul
General Dickinson acting in harmony it
is believed by the authorities that results
of some kind will follow, if not in the
way of -Miss Stone's release, in the ap
prehension and punishment of the bri
gands who were the. actors, though per
haps not principals, in the abduction. For
the moment the- authorities are bending
all their efforts to the one end of saving
Miss Stone.
The time limit fixed by the brigands
within which the ransom must be paid
will expire to-morrow, but the State De
partment has assurances that a few days'
respite will be granted in order to give
the friends of the missionary an oppor
tunity to raise the amount demanded
The , department is highly gratified with
the way in which the charitable people of
the country have made contributions to
save the life of this worthy -woman, and
L . the , raone y can be captured with the
brigands- after her liberation undoubted
\y\ the administration will endeavor' to
bring it about.
HAXF THE RANSOM RAISED.
Money for Miss Stone's Release Being
. Rapidly Subscribed.
BOSTON, Oct. 7.— Nearly half the money
needed to ransom Miss Ellen M. Stone,
the missionary, from the Bulgarian brig
ands has been placed in the 'hands of
Kidder. Peabody &«Co. The exact fig
ures at midnight were $45,543 40 cash and
J7.500 in pledges. Of this amount the firm
this afternoon sent $35,000 to the State
Department to be forwarded to its consu
lar agent at the place where It can be
used most expeditiously. Members of the
firm, when informed of the Associated
Press cablegram from London to the ef
fect that the Vienna advices indicate
there would be a month's extension of
time In which' to paythe ransom, said the
forwarding of money would not be delay
ed in the least. During the afternoon the
officials of the American board in charge
of Congregational missions met infor
mally. .
Nothing was talked of except Miss Stone
and the matter of the ransom. The offi
cials personally contributed to the ran
som, but as officials they took the posi
tion they have maintained all along, that
it would be inadvisable for them, as a
missionary board, .to pay the ransom—
this for the reason that it would be put
ting a premium on brigandage that must
In the end make missionary, work In wild
and rough countries more difficult and
possibly impracticable. After this meet
ing it was . officially given out that the
State Department \u25a0 at Washington has
agreed to take full charge of the delivery
of the ransom to the brigands. If news
comes that Miss Stone still lives, or until
the news of her death is received, col
lections for the ransom will continue to
be made. ....
Asks Help for Miss Stone.
The following telegram was received
yesterday by Mayor Phelan urging him
to help In raising the ransom to liberate
Miss Stone from the Bulgarian brigands:
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Mayor Phelan: Your
prompt help is urgently needed. \u25a0 Mlsa Stone
dies to-morrow unless ransomed. Sixty thou
sand dollars received. ; Fifty thousand more
needed. LJfe or death. Please help.
1 Christian Herald,
T. DE WITT TALMAGE. .
Portland Jury Decides That thi
Eureka Man Has One Wife
Too Many.
BRABLEY F. DURPHY
. GUILTY OF - BIGAMY
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 7.— The Jury in
the case of Bradley F. Durphy, who has
been on trial for # the past 1 week, charged
with bigamy, to-night returned a verdict
of guilty.
Durphy Is # engaged In the purchase of
timber lands at Eureka, CaL, for a syn
dicate of Eastern and Pacific Coast capi
talists. TTie evidence showed that Durphy
was married In 1874 to Sadie S. Bosworth
at Plympton, Mass. They separated, and
in 1887 Durphy married Margaret E. Ryan
at Chicago. . Mrs. Durphy No. 2 is the
prosecutrix in the present case and Is also
said to have sued Durphy In the California
courts for $5000 damages.
CZOLGOSZ NOT ALLOWED \u25a0 -
TO SEE ANY VISITORS
Prison Guards Are Also Strictly For
\ bidden to Give Out Information '- 1
I Concerning Trim.
"ALBANY, N. Y., Oct. 7.— State Superin
tendent of Prisons Collms has given or
ders that Czolgosz, the murderer of Pres
ident ' McKlnley,' must not be the subject
of notoriety while in Auburn prison await
ing electrocution; He must not be seen,
and • visitors must not be \u25a0permitted to
enter any part of the prison where knowl
,edge might be gained of his location. The
warden of the prison. has been instructed
to Inform the guards and other employes
of the prison that the divulging of any
information concerning him or his doings
will be considered a grave breach of dis
cipline and will be dealt with accord
ingly. ..
•The Colon at this time had gained
epeed and was inshore, I suppose, some
seven miles. After passing the Viscaya
we steamed ahead and ceased firing. The
men were allowed to come out of the tur
rets one at a time to get a breathing
epell. although of course all guns were
manned and everything ready, but the
gaining upon the Colon was very -slow, in
fact she gained apparently on ub. This
was about 11:15 a. m., when the Viscaya
ftood in for Aceireadores. The chase waa
continued then after the Colon. I know
H must have been six or seven miles,
until we gradually began to gain. I re
member keeping- the stadimeter at work
on her. although the 13,000 yards would
not register on the stadimeter. I remem
ber at one time telling Commodore Schley
that it was within 14,000 yards and my
recollection Is he told some one to signal
the Oregon to try one of her 'railroad
trains.' At any rate shortly afterward
The Oregon fired one of her thirteen-inch
shells, which fell short Then we tried an
"The Brooklyn did all she could. She
got into action just as quick as steam
could carry her there. We commenced
firing as soon as the first gun on the port
bow -would bear, and we kept the port
battery firing until she turned with port
helm, through the arc, using the aft guns
until we got all our starooard guns to
bear. We got around as quickly as we
could with port helm until we almost par
alleled the course of the leading Spanish
vessel, when the helm was eased and the
ship steered a course parallel with the
Viscaya, which was then the leading ves
sel, although the Maria Teresa probably
was farther to the westward than the
Viscaya. She was standing at an angle
into the shore. When we got around the
smoke was so dense nothing could be seen
of anything in the rear of us. The three
Spanish ships we were then engaged with
were the Viscaya, Colon and the
Oquendo. The Viscaya was about 2500
yards on our starboard bow; the Colon
probably was a little forward of the star
board bow. The Oquendo was .abaft the
starboard beam. We continued in that
direction, when I remarked to Captain
Cook that it seemed rather lonely for us
out there. He was in the conning tower.
He asked: "Why?" I said that we were
all alone with the three Spanish ships,
and it seemed that it depended on us to
knock them out. At that time the smoke
was so dense I could not eee anything-,
and 1 supposed that the New York being
away the Brooklyn was steaming ahead
of the slower vessels. He stepped out of
the conning tower and exclaimed to me:
"What's that off our starboard quarter?'
I looked In that direction and saw the
heavy bow of a ship and said it must be
the Massachusetts. He said: 'No,, it can
not be the Massachusetts; she has gone
to Guantanamo.' I said: 'It must be the
Oregon.' and he remarked: 'God bles-s
the Oregon.' I said: 'Well, I am very
glad to see her.' The Oregon was at
that time about, I should say, four or flve
hundred yards off our starboard quarter,
at full epeed. We continued in that posi
tion until the Brooklyn's speed began to
increase as we got up steam and probably
drew a little farther ahead from the Ore
gon. She never was that close to us
.again, as I remember. The Oquendo very
shortly fell out and went ashore. The
Colon gradually drew ahead and also
went in shore. I remember very well the
time that the Viscaya blanketed her from
our tire. This chase was continued in
that direction until when off Acerreadore
the Viscaya ported her helm, and ran in
chore.
Chase After the Colon.
WiLat th.e Brooklyn Did.
The witness then, in response to a re
quest from Raynor, continued his descrip
tion of the naval battlt of July 3 from
the point where he had dropped that de
scription at Captain Lemly's request
while he was on the stand Friday. In this
connection he said:
He stated that the picket boats, the
Marblehcad and the Vixen, were inside
the line of the fleet, about midway bc
twoon that line and the short line.
"Early in the daytime our habitual po
sition was about six m\les. In the after
noon. I think, we steamed up and down
in front of the harbor a distance of about
six miles."
"How far were you off during this
blockade of Saniiairo from the llorro dur
ing the day and night of May 28, 29, 30
and 01?"
Commander Hodgson said in reply to
these questions that he had seen the lights
on the shore .".T Cienfuegos, which were
afterward determined to be signals, but
he hud Fupposec they were signals be
tween different branches of the Spanish
service on shore. Ho added that when
Captain McCaila arrived with informa
tion as to the meaning of the signals he
was Immediately dispatched to the shore
to communicate with the insurgents. He
said that the progress of the squadron
was impeded between Cienfuegos and
Santiago by the heavy weathen— the
smaller vessels, the Vixen and Eagle.
Raynor then asked:
Distance During- Blockade.
Raynor began his cross-exami nation by
afkliis Hodgson whether the Marblehead
had hailed the Brooklyn when the two
vessels passed each other as the Brooklyn
was on her way to Cicnfuegos. The wit
ness replied in the negative. The exam
ination then turned upon events about
Cier.fuepos, ani in reply to Raynor's in
quiry Hodgson detailed this at length.
negative, saying that the last paragraph
of his letter of denial had not been print
ed. This paragraph referred to the in
closure of a newspaper clipping.
"If you turned the port engine the
tactical diameter would have been short
ened, but the speed of turning would have
been reduced."
"I understood you to say you suggested
the reversal of the starboard engine at
the time this turn wa.s made, but that
that was rejected by Commodore Schley
after consideration, and discussion. Are
you clear that the starboard engine waa
not reversed?"
"I am very clear on that fact."
A number of questions were then asked
by the court, as follows:
"What was the distance of the Brook
lyn from the nearest Spanish vessel when
Commodore Schley said to Captain Cook:
'Look out, Cook; they're going to ram
you?" '>
"I should say the distance was about
2000 or 2200 yards."
"Did you observe the whole movement
of the Brooklyn from the time Commo
dore Schley gave the order, 'Hard aport,
Cook,' until the Brooklyn was steadied on
her course to the westward parallel to the
Viscaya?"
"I did."
"Did you hear any order given while
the Brooklyn was making the turn, to
ease or steady the helm?" v.
"Not until it was eased to parallel the
course of the leading Spanish vessel.
"In making the turn; did -the Brooklyn
turn .rapidly and continuously, or did she
have her head longer on some ' heading
than on others?"
"She turned rapidly and continuously."
"Did any of the Spanish ships attempt
to ram the Brooklyn in the early part of
the battle of July 3?"
"The Maria Teresa evidently made a
rank sheer to. port toward the Brooklyn
with the evident intention of getting into
closs quarters or ramming."
"What orders were signaled by the
Brooklyn to the fleet July 3, 1898?"
"I can only say from recollection that
"Had she turned the other way, was
there space enough for her to have made
such turn without endangering the
Texas?"
"Perfectly— perfectly clear enough
space."
"How much would have she gained to
the northward and westward had she
turned with starboard helm?" . . ..
"She would have gained a position of
about .600 or 700 yards nearer the Spanish
line." .......
"Would that distance have been re
duced by reversing the port engine?"
"He wanted me to write a denial of the
controversy," he continued. VI had pre
viously written that I could not deny the
statement. A letter followed asking for
a denial of the colloquy. I gave him this,
at the same time explaining that I had
admitted the gist of the report."
"Have you anywhere denied the sub
stantial accuracy of the facts as set forth
in the report of that colloquy?"
"On the contrary, I have admitted it."
Changing the line of examination,
Hanna then asked:
"When the Brooklyn turned with port
helm, did she blanket the fire of the
Texas— did she go between the Texas and
the enemy?"
"I do not think she did. I thought, how
ever, she was going to do it."
Texas Not in Danger.
At this point Raynor introduced as evi
dence the official report made by Captain
Chadwick of his examination of the wit
ness with regard to tnis colloquy, for- the
purpose, as he said, of showing discrep
ancies between the statement made in
that examination and the statement now
made.
The introduction of this report caused
Captain Lemly to offer a statement made
by Lieutenant Commander Heilner on the
same subject, but Raynor objected to this
statement as not pertinent, and the court
after a consultation sustained the objec
tion.
Other statements were put In as evi
dence without objection, and Captain
Lemly- offered a letter from Captain
Chadwick to the Secretary of the Navy
in regard to an explanation contained in
a letter from Commander Hodgson, which
had just been iead and offered as evi
dence. Raynor called attention to "the
fact that this better contained an expres
sion of opinion, whereupon Admiral
Dewey said:
"We don't want it. We have not taken
opinions here." J *
Captain Lemly said/ that he had only
offered these documents for the purpose
of making the record complete.
The afternoon session of the court be
gan with a question put to Lieutenant
Commander Hodgson by Hanna. He
asked why he had written his categorical
denial of the newspaper report of the col
loquy between himself and Commander
Schley. The auestion was objected to,
and Admiral Dewey said:
"We have the facts. The letters were
written. That Is all the court wants. We
wants facts— facts. People are influnced
by different kinds of things. We want
the facts. Draw out the facts." .
Hanna then changed his question, -and
the witness said that he had written his
explicit denial in response to a request
from Admiral Schley.
Continuing, he said that the dialogue
as reported was fictitious, and that he
had denied its verbal accuracy while not
denying the truth of a part of it. He
said that he had told Admiral Schley that
he could not repudiate the entire state
ment, and that he had not understood
him to request that he should do more
than deny its verbal accuracy. He al
ready, before writing his explicit denial,
told, the admiral that he could not deny
the whole story. He had given the news
paper reporters authority originally to
quote him as authority for the gist of the
statement
Not Taking Opinions.
"There is a sooddeal In that reported
colloquy that I did not say," he added
"The statement was never made " he
went on. "but the commodore did say
'Damn the Texas.' " '
Commander Hodgson replied that there
was no such expression in the letter and
that he had never said that the Brooklyn
would cut down the Texas.
Raynor then asked about the expression
attributed to the witness— "She will cut
down the Texas."
Raynor then questioned the witness
very closely in regard to the language in
which this colloquy was reported by the
newspapers, and the language used by
Hodgson in his correspondence with Ad
miral Schley. He read the newspaper
version of Commander Hodgson's state
ment of the colloquy as follows: *
"Schley — "Hard aport.'
"Hodgson — 'You mean starboard.'
"Schley— 'No, I didn't. We are near
enough to them (the Spaniards) already.'
"Hodgson— 'But we will cut down the
Texas."
"Schley — 'Damn the Texas; let her look
out for herself.'
Raynor then had the witness scrutinize
the letter which he had written to Ad
miral Schley on July 8, and drew from
him the statement that he had not then
informed the admiral that he had used
the expression "Damn the Texas."*
When the witness waa asked If he
thought there was any suggestion of any
such expression he replied: "When I sug
gested to Commodore Schley that there
was danger of colliding with the Texas
he said, 'Damn the Texas.' He used the
expression not In any way condemning
the Texas for being there, but as if he
was irritated as one might be about any
thing."
Said "Damn th.e Texas."
"She must have gone about 600 yards
to the southward, as that is about the
tactical diameter of the Brooklyn at tHat
speed."
"Did this turn interfere with the Brook
lyn's ability to keep up her fire?"
"It did not; she continued to fire from
her aft turret."
"Did you see the Indiana during the
engagement?" - •
"1 did not. The smoke was very dense
in the direction of the Indiana."
At this point Raynor questioned the wit
ness at length concerning his reported col
loquy with Admiral Schley during the
battle off Santiago, In which the commo
dore was reported to have said, "Damn
the Texas."
Rayner asked the witness if it was not
Captain Cook who had given the order
to "port helm.
The reply was that Captain Cook might
have given the order to the man at the
v»-heel.
Raynor then asked: "Did Commodore
Schley give the order to port the helm?"
"He did." was the reply.
"Was the helm already aport?"
"I guess so; Captain Cook says so."
Objection was made by Captain Lemly
to the use of the word "guess" by the
witness, but Admiral Dewey said the
form of expression was immaterial, and
asked that counsel should not interrupt.
Continuing his statement in response to
Raynor's question, the witness said when
his conversation with Commodore Schley
had occurred on the Brooklyn the com
modore was standing on the platform
around the conning tower, • and two or
three feet from himself (the witness), and
that Captain- Cook, a part of the time,
stood in the door of the conning tower,
four or flve feet distant. He said that
Captain Cook had taken part in the con
versation.
The witness said that the commodore
had occupied a place on a platform
around tire conning tower during the en
gagement. This, he said, was a position
of danger, as the commodore was there
always in full view of the enemy's ships.
"It has been stated here," said Ray
nor, "that the Brooklyn ran 200 yards
away, from the enemy's ships in mak
ing her loop."
The witness replied: "Any witness who
made that statement, although he may
have stated what he thought occurred,
was absolutely mistaken."
"How far did she go from the enemy's
vessels?"
Schley in Dangerous Position.
eight-inch shell, and it fell short. The
Oregon was signaling to us the fall ot
our shot and we signaled to her the fall
of her shot. We continued occasionally to
fire, the Oregon her tnirteen-mch ana we
our eight-inch guns. I remember seeing
one ot the 13-inch shells on the Oregon
fail well ahead of the Colon and one ot
our eight-inch shells apparently fell In
shore of the Colon. At that time the
Colon ported helm hard aport. Previously
10 this she had ported her helm once or
twice, apparently seeking a soft spot on
shore, tone rirea her lee gun -and naulecl
down her flag. 1 pulled out my watch.
It was exactly 1:15. We then ceased llr
ing and slowed down, and orders were
given to get out a boat. The captain was
ordered to go on board to make terms
with or tell the terms to the commanding
officer of the Colon.
"How far waa the Oregon from the
Brooklyn?"
"From 1000 to 1500 yards on the star
board quarter."
The witness, in reply to questions, con
tinued his report of the battle. He said
that at the beginning of the fight he had
given the range at 1400 yards, but that
afterward it was about 24CO or 2500 yards.
Raynor— What was the bearing of Ad
miral Schley during this engagement or
any engagement In which you saw him?
"His bearing and manner with respect
to an officer of his rank and station in
the naval service were naturally those of
a commander-in-chief of a, naval force
on that occasion."
Hodgson, Folger and Others Who Participated in the Famous Battle Off Santiago Testify Before the
Court of Inquiry That the Commodore in Command of the Squadron Put His Flagship in the
Thick of the Fight and Did Not Endanger American Warships While' Making Celebrated Turn
OFFICERS OF NAVY TELL OF GALLANT WORK PONE
BY SCHLEY IN DESTROYING CERVERA'S FLEET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ OCTOBER 8 ; 1901.
Continued From Page One.
my orders were, 'Clear ship for action
and close UD,' or 'close in.' "
"Did you know of any plan of battle
having been promulgated by Commodore
Schley in case of falling in with the
Spanish squadron?"
"I do not."
Captain Folger Talks.
Commander Hodgson was then ex
cused, and Captain W. M. -Folger,' who
commanded the cruiser New Orleans dur
ing the Spanish War, was called. He de
tailed his part in the campaign, beginning
with the New Orleans' arrival at Santi
ago as the convoy of the collier Sterling.
He also related how, on May 31, the New
Orleans had participated in the bombard
ment of the Cristobal Colon, then lying
in the mouth of Santiago harbor.
"What damage was done to the enemy
on that occasion?" asked Captain Lemly.
"I don't think there was any," replied
the witness.
The court asked Captain Folger whether
Commodore Schley's blockade of the har
bor of Santiago had been sulflcuently ef
fective to prevent the escape of the Span
ish fleet. His reply was:
"Had the weather been persistently
clear, yes. If rainy or misty, no."
He- said in reply to another question
that the weather was generally rainy.
"What, was developed as to tho shore
batteries?"
: "That they had not strength enough to
do any -material damage."
Captain Lemly asked in regard to the
developments -concerning the \u25a0 bombard
ment of June 14, but Raynor objected. The
court ruled that the question was admis
sible, a similar question by Admiral
Schley's counsel. having been admitted on
a former occasion.
"We cannot blow hot one time and blow
cold the next," said Admiral Dewey on
admitting the question.
Distance During Blockade.
Replying to the last question, Captain
Folger said that the reconnoissance had
failed to develop that the batteries had
any material strength, as a single vessel
had silenced them.
Recurring to the bombardment of May
31, Captain Folder expressed the opinion
that the shots which had fallen near the
fleet on that'date were from the Spanish
ships in the harbor, fired over the hill?
and not from the shore batteries. For
this reason he had directed all the New
Orleans' fire on that occasion at the Co
lon instead of the land batteries.
Describing the blockade of Santiago
harbor maintained by Commodore Schiey,
the witness said the distance during the
day was from flve to' eight miles, and at
night the vessels steamed in column back
and forth across the harbor,* somewhat
nearer in. He added that even though
the log of the New Orleans, had placed
the vesels nearer the shore, he would not
change his position: He did. not believe
the vessels were more than four miles
from the Morro on May 31.
Raynor asked: "What do 1 you know
about the strength of- the batteries, the
number, of the batteries or the strength
of the guns befo r e the reconnoissance on
May 31? What actual knowledge did you
have?"
"I had no knowledge whatever before
the reconnoissance." . ,
"Then on May 31, when this reconnols
sance or bombardment took place, so far
as you were concerned, you were abso
lutely in ignorance of the number of bat
teries or the strength of the guns?"
"Prior to the fire by the batteries I had
no knowledge."
"What knowledge did you acquire as
the result of that reconnoissance or bom
bardment?"
"By the number of shots that were
fired, by the character of the discharge,
the smoke, etc., as indicating the caliber
of the guns; by the fall of the projectiles,
the amount «of water they would throw
up and the evident direction of the fall,
as indicating whether tho projectiles were
moving with sreat velocity or slow. In
that way I judged alone."
"These things were developed as the re
sult of the reconnoissance, were they
not?"
Reconnoissance Successful.
"I consider the reconnoissance- in that
particular to have been successful."
"The reconnoissance was successful for
the purpose of developing the number and
strength of the batteries?" - •
"Eminently so." .
When the judge advocate again, took
the witness he asked:
. "Referring to' your answer that the fir
ing of the 31st was eminently successful
in developing the strength of the San
tiago .batteries, what, as a matter of fact,
was developed as to the strength of such
batteries— were they f.trong or other
wise?" '
"They were weak."
"Can you state whether the engagement
of May 31 developed the fact that the
Colon had anything larger than six-Inch
guns on board at that time?"
. "It did not occur to us that she fired
heavy guns. The caliber I cannot specify.
It did not appear' she fired the 11-inch
guns for which we knew . she had been
designed."
The court asked questions of Captain
Folger^as follows:
"Kor "what length of time was the New
Orleans able to lire at the Colon and tho
batteries on May 31 on each run?"
"1 think it was between five and • ten
minutes."
"Did .you have, any conversation- with
Commodore > Schley as to his . purpose in
attacking the Colon May 31?"
"1 did not. The information I received
was by signal only." "
"By what method did you obtain the
range for your guns on May 31, while
firing at the Colon?"
"We obtained the necessity for a change
Continued from Page One.
of range by the fall of the projectiles."
"Were you furnished any plan of battle
by Commodore Schley to be followed in
case the Spanish squadron should . come
out?"
"No, sir."
Admiral Dewey— You referred to a
signal from the flagship. The court would
like to know what that signal was.
"The . signal was, 'New Orleans, clear
ship for action,' and I think it was fol
lowed by the signal, 'the New. Orleans,
Iowa, Massachusetts will engage the
forts,* indicating that there was to be a
reconnoissance or bombardment. I do not
remember any conversation with the com
modore that bore on the subject."
Admiral Dewey— The c»urt would like to
know from the signal book exactly what
signals were made by the Massachusetts.
Signal to New Orleans.
The witness (reading)— "At 12:48, In
obedience to flagship, Massachusetts sig
naled to the New Orleans and Iowa to
clear ship for action; sounded to general
quarters and cleared ship for action. At
1 started ahead both engines, Massachu
setts leading." There were no other sig
nals in that watch. That is all that ap
pears to be In the log. I do not remember
discussing the subject with the commo
dore. • * «
By the court— Were the blockading
sels near enough to the entrance of the
harbor at. night to prevent the escape of
the enemy, had such an attempt been
made? • -" \u25a0.
"Had the weather been persistently
clear, yes; if the weather were thick,
rainy or foggy, no." . •'
Captain Parker— Were not the Vixen
and Marblehead inside the line?
"They were." -
"Was the weather good or bad during
these nights?"
"The weather was generally bad, rainy."
Lieutenant C. W. Dyson, was recalled.
He testified concerning the coal supply of
the scoutboats on May 26, the day the
retrograde movement toward Key West
was begun. He said in reply to questions
that no battleship could travel for more
than eight or twelve hours on forced
draught, and that on the day of battle
off Santiago the flagship New York had
all her boilers on and was making seven
teen knots, but that neither the Brooklyn
nor the Oregon made full speed on that
occasion, their maximum for the day
being fourteen or fifteen knots.
At 3:55 the court adjourned until to
morrow, f
BULGARIA'S COMPLICITY SUSPECTED
9
of Paine's celery compound have been
sending this greatest of all prepared rem-
edies to the four quarters of the earth, In
larger and larger shipments, relieving
and curing the sick, restoring the weak
and depressed to health and strength,
making it possible for many and many
a person to live who could find no relief
In well-intended prescriptions or anti-
quated and worthless sarsaparillas and
nervines.
In these years that have seen so many
quacks come and go, one so-called medi-
cine was put up by no more experienced
a hand than a pushing Philadelphia real
estate dealer; another has been and i3
now run In part by a group of sharp
newspaper men; another which originat-
ed as a pleasant thing for colds has add-
ed not to its virtues but to its schemes of
advertising until it has become in the
minds of its projectors a cure for all tbe
ailments under the sun— and such In-
stances might be multiplied. Don't touch
them!
All these have had, or are having their
day, while the demand for America's
greatest family remedy — a real remedy
for real ills — an effective tonic an,d honest
lnvlgorator, has not suffered from the at-
tempted substitution of other prepara-
tions. Paine's celery compound ia a
medicine that cures the sick, and no hlsh
class druggist ever attempts to induce a
customer to take anything in its stead.
Paine's celery compound has gone on
steadily gaining In fame these years be-
cause those who have tried it have grate-
fully sung its praises, and in every enm-
njunity in the country have by word ot
mouth spread its fame.
According to the well known ethics of
.reputable .. physicians this prescription
was at the very outset freely presented
to physicians in good standing, and th«
formula is gladly -given them to-day. -
For that reason , Paine's celery com-
pound has never been included amous
patent medicines. Coming from so hij;h
a source and so searchlngly tried and
recommended, physicians nave long em-
ployed it as unhesitatingly as they havo
used their official preparations.
It drives the poison germs of deep-
seated disease from the blood-.
It brings buoyancy of spirit In place of
lassitude and despondency.
It allows the overtaxed system to start
fairly on the road to health.
It procures the sleep so necessary to
brain ana nerve centers.
It strengthens.
Invigorates.
Gives new tone to the system.
Makes the blood healthy. T
Is food for the nerves.
Jt makes people well!
Thousands have been benefited, thou-
sands have been cured by Paine's cel-
ery compound, when everything else has
failed.
If ever a person needs to exercise the
God-given quality of common sense, it
is when he begins to be sick.
One can afford to be stupid or freakish,
or careless and frivolous when well.
There is no man so poor, If he has his
health, and his nerves are in good order,
his muscles sound and his stomach nor-
mal, who cannot correct his mistakes.
But the moment one falls sick— when as
sure as fate disease with Its mild begin-
nings, if not promptly checked, is bound
to develop into serious Illness— there ia no
longer time to experiment or blunder.
The experience of the world has snovrn
that in every case of sickness resulting
from impaired nerves and Impure blood
Paine's celery compound does immediate
and effective good! For the last ten years
the thousands of authentic reports of in-
dividual cases have multiplied, until it
can be absolutely said thai in no one case
does this great remedy ever fail to bene-
fit, and if taken promptly to cure!
And yet during that time a hundred
worthless nostrums under patented
catchy names have been foisted upon the
public, andysome of them for a brief per-
iod have had large sales: But every one
of them having been tried has been found
sadly wanting, and after their unscrup-
ulous proprietors have made all the
money they could In "defrauding the wel'
and seriously harming the • sick,- these
quack medicines and their catchy, siliy
names have disappeared from view.
There is a concoction being sold in 1M3
State to-day, where Its speculative ad-
vertising was begun a year later than in
other States, a year or two ago, which
has gone the way of its predecessors so
rapidly that in every section of the coun-
try! where it was first exploited the sales
have dropped off as rapidly, as they be-
gun, and the obscure company behind it
finds it no longer passible, "even by the
most sensational methods, to create any
demand .whatever for It. "
Unlike all these and other such prepar-
ations. • ' Paine's celery compound has
stood the test of time and experience. It
is not a patent medicine; it is the dis-
covery of one of the greatest physicians
the .world has had, probably the most
successful practitioner in this country,
whose reputation was already established
as a specialist in nervous diseases and
who was and is the foremost authority in
the world on the diseases of the blood
and nerves, Professor Edward E. Phelps,
M. D., LL. D. As distinguished in his
way as his kinsman, that other great
Vermonter of the family of Phelps, who
as our recent Minister to the Court of St.
James so ably earned the title of diplo-
mat and statesman.
In these last ten years the proprietors
, POSTUM CEREAL.
/ • \u25a0 •\u25a0-.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"'
fcafexKngeTem & Osfty^ Sept* 6$frv* 1901^
$!ie*TS:;^£k fc Sw "vrotffdl XiUc& -i'fiS 'statement crorrebte^ithai^Wa^
... Q
pu^Ilshe^.Augu^t .6iXtex3?egar'd] to, lhe&?x>&%m*GexQa$ £ood c of f eS being ,
aduKer^tecD by, ofTmalt ecT .barle/;
We, personally;!, aro^pe^e^'Xy^oonylnciecD that] tlie. .RosturaYO.er^al <,.lsfft/
i| | lillS! 1 HI MM,trM, :
PAIME'S CESTTrtY COMPOUND. " "";
SENSE \H SICKNESS
lILIIuL III UlUmlLOvi
Take the Only Remedy That
icci 3 Lure!
DO NOT. BE FOOLED BY QUACKS !
They Are Dropping by the Way While the
Great Work of Paine's Celery Com*
pound Goes Steadily On.
UNITED STATES BRANCH. '
STATEMENT
- OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- —OF THE- — •
ALLIANCE
COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In*
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa per
blank furnished by the Commissioner. ..-..- j
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company Jl'3.170 87
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages .... 612.750 CO
Cash In Banks 42.87* 23
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 4.725 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection 37,440 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks..* TOO 42
Total Assets $71,662 SI
LIABILITIES. "
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense ..' $3,2S7 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, 1172,440 98; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 86,220 49
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running:
more than one year, $101,783 52; rein-
surance pro rata 47.083 94
AH other liabilities 9,437 17
Total Liabilities ..$H7,0S5 01
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $207,3S4 07
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from all
other sources 19.091 93
Received for Rents 13.657 50
Total Income (210,163 33
\u25a0EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $2,027 03, losses of previous
years) $33,331 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 48,352 M
Paid for Salaries, \Fees and ' other -
charges for officers, clerks, etc 14,235 04
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 3.6S1 3t
All otnsr payments and expenditures. 1S.337 21
Total Expenditures 1183,818 23
- :.V : 7 C#V - V*: "" Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year J10f.;si W
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premhims.
Net amount of Risks
written during • the
year $21,534,111 $263,563 Tt
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 16,836,693 222.830 53
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 19C0 20,438,923 274,224 50
SAMUEL R. WEED."""
of "Weed & Kennedy. - Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Sth
day of February, 1901. \u25a0
F. FISHBECK. Notary Public;
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
4!6 CALIFORNIA ST., S. F.
C. F. MULJLINS/. Manage-
[CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
1 "THE SUPERIOR OF
I THEM ALL"
§2 Everything that tends to
H speed, comfort, pleasure and
Eg luxury unlimited. Beserve
B berths lor this famous train
H at 641 Market street.
I JT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND
1 THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M,, ON THE
I SANTA FE
DISORDERS jf~\
BY FAR THE GREAT- "OMrwpl^/V^
er number of patients 5-T \\\J 11 <ST'
eeeklngr relief for so- \F |\ V\ll 7/
called are \\ \\j\ yf JJ
strong-. robust men In
every other respect. .Loss or Vitality, Premature-
! ness, etc.; are not weaknesses, but the symptoms
j of inflammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too Ions
continued excitement. Under our local plan of
\ treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged, and' swollen Prostate, immediate re-
sults, as indicated by increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed. \u25a0 Onr colored
chart of the organs, which we. send' free on
application, is Interesting to any one wishing
to study the anatomy ot the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
jf^^S^tk CANDY CATHARTIC^ \u25a0.\u25a0 **
Genuine stamped C C C. Never sold In bulfc.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
' ; something "iust as good. '
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year. '.»: LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • < 1 Dec. March.
Opening 5 6% • 5 S%
Closing • 56% 58%
PARIS.
•Wheat — Oct. Jan. -Apr
Opening 20 90 .. 21 90 . '
Closing 21 05 2195
Flour — ' . .
Opening "..'27 00 28 10
Closing 27 00 2815
Eastern Livestock Market. \ .
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO,- Oct. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 29,000,
including 1000 Texans and 7000 Western.' Market
for choice, steady; others, 10@15c lower. Good
Foreign Futures.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— Liquidation of the
eame character as that which has been mani
fest for some time past proceeded to-day. Some
ragged breaks in the price level of the market
resulted, but heavy and concentrated buying
was in evidence all day. As a consequence the
decline was checked, and the latter part of
the day was given over to a broad and com
prehensive covering movement, which lifted
prices throughout the list, the losses in the
railroad list being quite generally recovered
and largely reduced, even in the weakest of
the industrials. When the market opened a
feeling of discouragement was genera! es
pecially because last week's liquidation had
proved ineffectual to recuperate the conditions
of the banks, by reason of the extension of new
credits. The completion of the season of the
interior movement of currency was still to be
met, therefore, and the only clear source from
which to supply this requirement was by fur
ther liquidation in the stock market. Foreign
exehanpe continued to advance, precluding the
hope of relief from that quarter. Large selling
of stocks for London account sustained the ex
change market. Renewed demoralization In
foreign copper securities and forced liquidation
in Paris were the occasion for this foreign sell
ing, and the prompt' decline in Amalgamated
Copper he-e Rave promise of a continuance of
that disturbing influence. Pressure from the
lenders of money was undoubtedly at the root
of the stock market depression, but vulnerable
points in the Industrial list bore the brunt of
this pressure, rather than the railroad list In
general, and the rates for call loans were not
disturbed. There was a growing spirit of
skepticism as to the prospect of dividends on
industrial common etocks of which organiza
tions were dependent for success on continued
or even Increased prosperity, j This "sentiment
toward recent financial projects was extended
to the railroad world by reason of. the annual
showing of the Chicago. Burlington and Quincy
which was published on Saturday and which
shewed a balance of earnings after charges in
sufficient to pay the interest on the newly is-
Fued bonds for which the stock is collateral.
St. Paul, which Bold ex-dividend of 3 per cent
was subjected to savage attack and was forced
down I%i points. Missouri Pacific lost a6 much,
and tome of th« cotton and ccrn carrying rail-
TotL&m were Quite wcolc The selling of Urook-
EASTERN MARKETS.
3%@3%c.for Eastern;. Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
1%@1%c; Hemp,* 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, ?1 75@1 90; Green. $1 75
@2 per ctL . ( :
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
] The weakness In Potatoes continues. Minne
sota arid Colorado are shipping to those sec
tions which have recently been drawing on
California, hence this outlet is -lost to us for
the time being-. Receipts, too, are considerably
larger. V
Onions are weaker, with Increased receipts,
which are somewhat . offset by the liberal pur
chases of a large buyer, for some unknown
account. -
A car of Merced Sweets came in.
Most summer Vegetables did better, stocks
being lighter. :• X-- • -
POTATOES — 60@»0c in sacks for Burbanks
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 20@l 40;
River Reds, — ; Sweets, 40@75c for Rivers and
90c@?l for Merced.
ONIONS— 90c@$l 15 per ctl; Pickle Onions. 60
@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3c for Garden;
String Beans, l%@3c; Limas, 85c@$l 25 per
sack; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes from
the river, — ; from Alameda, 25@35c; Dried Pep
pers, 10@12%c; Green Okra, 40@75c per box;
Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucumbers, 30@40c;
Pickles, 2}«o/3c per lb for small and l@l%c for
large; Garlic, 2@2%c; Green Peppers, 30@40c per
box for Chile and 30@40c for Bell: Egg Plant,
30@50c per box; Green Corn, 40@75c per sack;
Alameda, 50@75c per crate; . Berkeley, 50@6oc;
Summer Squash, large boxes, 35@60c; new Mar
rowfat Squash, $S@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash.
, 10 .- \u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0•-.;\u25a0•\u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0 ., , .
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came In, sell
ing as follows;. Hens, $5 50@6; old Roosters,
$4 £0@5; young Roosters $5@5 50; Fryers, $3 50;
large Broilers, $3; small j Broilers, $2 50;
Pigeons, . ?l 25; Squabs, $2 25; old Ducks, $3;
young Ducks, $5; Geese, $150; Hen Turkeys,
14c; Gobblers, 10@12c. %
Receipts of Game were 61 sacks. The market
was lower, and some stock, said to be over
heated, sold below the quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers
and 14@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@
1 75; Goslings; $1 50@l 75; Ducks. $3®3 50 for old:
acd $3.50® 4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@5; young
Roosters, $4@5; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers,
$3 50@4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and U 25@
2 75 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for ;
old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
»GAME — Doves, per dozen $1@1 25; Hare, $1®
1 25; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and $1@
125' for Brush; Mallard, $6@7; Sprig, $i@6;
Teal,. $2@2 50; Widgeon, $2@2 £0; Small Ducks,
$2 5U; -Black Jacks, $1 25; English Snipe. $3;
Gray. Geese, $4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter lias again advanced. Dealers say that
it is being boomed to work 'oft the cold storage
stock, as there is no scarcity of fresh goods.
The fancy Creameries continue in the best
demand, the^medium and lower grades being
easy and slow.
Cheese stands the same for some time.
While still higher prices are quoted for ranch
Eggs, dealers continue to report a slow market,
as the high prices curtail the retail demand.
Stocks are moderate.
Receipts were 23,100 pounds of Butter.
pounds Eastern Butter, 421 cases of Eggs, 800
cases Eastern Eggs, 4700 pounds of California
Cheese and 6120 pounds Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 28@29c per lb for fancy
and ,25@27c for seconds; dairy, 18@25c; store
Butter, 15@17%c per lb; Creamery Tub, 22%c;
Pickled Roll, lS@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, H@l2c; old, lO'ic; Young
America, 12%c per lb: Eastern 13@15c
EGGS— Ranch, 36@37%c for selected large. 34
@35c for good to choice and 30@32V2C for fair;
store. 22<g 25c per dozen; cold storage, 21@25c;
Eastern, 17%@23c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
Oranges are firm at the quotations. Lemons
are fairly steady. Bananas are quite scarce,
the market being almost bare.
The demand for Cranberries- is lively, and
shipments of Cape Cod are bought before they
sret here.
There was considerable change in tree fruits
yesterday. Peaches and Plums were in lighter
supply and higher. No fresh Figs came in.
Choice Apples were in light- supply and firm,
top figures being realized without difficulty
Table Grapes were weaker, being sour and in
large supply, but Wine Grapes continued firm
at the high prtces.
Cantaloupes were scarce and higher, and Nut
megs were likewise firm under light receipts
though there was some left over stock on hand
Some soft and undesirable Cantaloupes were
received.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 25@«5c for ordinary.
PLUMS— 50c@$l per box; Prunes, 40@S5c per
Crate. \u25a0
PEACHES— 25@50c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 30@60c; Mountain Peaches, per box
j POMEGRANATES— 60@75c per box. '
PEARS— Winter Pears, 50c@$l per box
QUINCES-40@60c per box.
PERSIMMONS per box and crate '
STRAWBERRIES per chest for Long
worths and $4@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per cnest. '
LOGAN BERRIES— per chest.
RASPBERRIES-$5@6 per box.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6©7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $9@9 50 per bar
rel : Coos Bay.- $2 50@3 per box.
FIGS— Nominal; no new stock came in.
MELONS— Nutmegs, 25@75c per box; Canta
loupes, ?1 25 per crate; Watermelons, $3@15
per 100.
GRAPES — Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted \u25a0 as follows: Sweetwater,
25@40c per box and crate; Tokay, 25@50c; Mus
cat, 2o@50c; Black, 20@60c; Isabella,' 40@65c-
Cornichon, 5C©S5c; White Grapes. $28@32 50 per
ton forZinfandel and $23@25 for White."
\u25a0CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@$4; Lemons,
$1@1 25 for common and $2@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, $1@2 50? Mexican Limes,
fresh, $C@6 50; repacked, $i 50@5; Bananas, 75c
<g$l £0 per bunch; Pineapples. $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
. The trade reports more steadiness in Prune3
than in the other fruits, which are rather weak
than otherwise. Raisins continue unsettled, for
the reason already given several times of late
Until the packers and growers reconcile their
differences a steady market can hardly be ex
pected. .
, FRUITS— Apricots, 7@9c for Royals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. \u25a0 6@7c; . sun-dried. 3%@4%c:
Peaches, 6@8c; ' Pears, 5@9c; Plums, pitted,
4t(j:5%c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@6c for red
and bVi®^ 1^ i0T white; Fi es. 3^@3iic for black.'
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows
30-40's, 5%@5%c; 40-50's, 5@5%c; 50-60c. 4J4@4%c-
GO-70's 4<&.4%c: 70-80's, 3%@3%c; . SO-90's. 3@3%c
90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS (price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, $175. Lon
don layers— Three-crown, $1 35; Two-crown
I SI 25. Price per lb: Standard loose Muscatels—
Four-crown, 4%c; Three-crown, 4%c; Two
crown, 3%c; Seedless Muscatels, 4%c; Seedle«s
Sultanas, 5%e; Thompson Seedless, 6%c
Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, S%c; choice, 7% c "
standard, 6%c; prime. 5%c. Bleached Thomp
sons—Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c:
standard, 7%c; prime, 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 9%c;/No 2
7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c: No. 2, 7c ;- Almonds'
13@14c for papershell, 10@llc for softshell and
5@6c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5<g7c for Eastern-
Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 E0@5., .
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10S
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted 5U
@6c; light amber extracted, 4%<g5c; dark 4@
4Mc. ' \u25a0
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago waa lower again and the market was
less supported. Hogs were also easier. The
predictions of Chicago traders that the recent
prices were too high to hold are being realized
according to the course of the market at pres
ent There is no change here.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12%c per lb fo
heavy, 12%(313c for light medium, u c for light'
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured'
Eastern sugar-cured Hams 14@l4%c; California
Hams, 13%c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12; Family. $12 50; prime Mess Pork
$15; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef'
lie per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@8c per lb for
compound and 12c for pure; half -barrels, pure
12%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins
13c * * ' - - ' '
COTTOLENE— One : half-barrel, 1O^ C - three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.' •
I Hides, T allow t Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about' l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. He; medium, 10c; light, ,9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light.; Stags, 7c- Salted
Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 30c: Salted Calf, lotfj,
lOV-c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry Kio
16c"; Dry Calf,' 18c; Culls and Brands, 15c-
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool
30@50c each; medium. 50ta/75c; long Wool 30c<a
$l^ach: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50@2 75 for large
and $2@2 25 for. medium. $1 75 for small and 50c
fc$l for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 .for large
$1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins 35c
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins'
20c. v Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. «. .
TALLOW— Refined, 6%c; No. 1 rendered 4*;
@5%c per lb; No. 2. 3^@4c:. grease, 3c. \u25a0'
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern 'defect
ive, • 7 months, 7@So; Oregon Valley fine 14a
15c; do, medium and coarse, Il@l3c; Oreson
Eastern, choice, ll@13c;- do, fair to good sr/z
lie; Nevada.' 10@12c. • ' **
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs' . 7%@9c ; Middle County, 8@10c ; North
ern Mountain, free,' 9@llc; do, defective 839c •
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per lb '
HOPS— 9@10c. for. fair and ll@14c per lb for
coed to choice. > , .
...
CHICAGO. Oct. 7.— There were both bullish
and bearish conditions at the wheat opening
' which tended to influence the market in both
directions. Cables were higher and there was
a marked decrease on passage, which caused
1 December to open %@%c to %c higher at
\u25a069%c to 69%@6S%c. Under the influences of
heavy world's shipments and liberal receipts,
however, the market eased off to 68%c. There
was some early short selling, but on a report
of an improvement in the export demand the
shorts began to cover and strengthened De
cember. The report of a considerable increase
In the world's visible supply, however, eased
prices- for a time, but the bulls rallied and
December became more active and closed firm,
%c advanced at 69V4@69%c.
Corn had a quiet, narrow market of a lo
cal professional character. There was little
or no outside demand and local offerings were
light, and, following wheat, December gained
strength throughout the session. December
closed firm, %@%c advance at 57%c.
Oats were quiet. December ruled narrow and
closed firm, %c higher, at 35%c.
Provisions were dull and heavy, with the ex
ception of pork, which had a depressed mar
ket. Prices opened lower on lower prices for
hogs and sagged with continued liquidations
in pork. January pork closed 22%c lower; lard
closed 10c down and ribs 7%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. \u25a0 Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— \
October 67% I 67% 67%- 67y 4
December P9% C9% 68% C9%
May...; * 72% 73% 72^ 73%
Corn No. 2 —
October 55% 55% 55% E5%
December 57 57% 56% 57%
May 58% 58% 58% E8%
Oats No. 2—
October -.. .... 34Vi
December 35% 35% 35% 35%
May ' 37% ' 37% ' 37^ 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
October 14 15 14 15 14 05 14 10
January 15 50 15 50 15 25 15 32%
May 15 62% 15 62% 15 35 15 45
- Lard, per 100 lbs—
Octcber a 75
November 9 62% 9 62% 9 57% 9 57%
January 9 15 9 15 9 02% 9 07%
May 9 17% 9 17% 9 07% ' 9 10 .
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 8 50 8 10 8 30 8 40
January 8 05 8 05 7 97% 8 00
May 8 12% 8 12% 8 05 8 07%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No.- 3 spring wheat, 66@67%c; No, 2
red, 69(5"69%c; No. 2 yellow corn. 57%c; No. 2
oats, 3oM<S36c: No. 2 white, 37%®38%c; No. 3
white. 37%®38c; No. 2 rye, 54%@54%c; fair to
choice malting; barley, 65@59c; No. 1 flaxseed;
$1 41; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 44; prime timothy
seed, $5 SO^S 55; mess pork, per bbl, $14 15®
14 20; lard, per 100 lbs, $9 80@9 S2%; short ribs
sides (loose), $8 30iJf8 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7%.@7%c; short. clear sides (boxed), $9
@9 10; whisky, basis of high wines, $130.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 i 30,000
Wheat, bushels 130,000 185,000
Corn, bushels 269,000 257,000
Oats, bushels 249,000 ' 114,000
Rye, bushels ,.. 4,000 3,000
Barley, bushels .....31,000. . 31,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14^f2iy.c; dair
ies, 13@19c. Cheese, steady; 99i@10?ic. Eggs;
steady; fresh, 17c.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, CO Cays.... — " « 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — im
Sterling Cables _ 4 871/
New York Exchange, sight ' — - 5
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - : . " 7%
oilver, per. ounce - g4j/
Mexican Dollars, nominal .'. 47 @ 47^
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Both Liverpool and Paris futures
were higher.
Chicago was firm at an advance of %c on
better cables and a decrease in the quantity on
passage. .There was a good demand at Minne
apolis and St. Louis was buying at Chicago'
i The Northwestern farmers are not rushing iii
: their wheat as expected.
• The American visible supply increased » 170 -
000 bushels. The world's shipments for the week
were as follows, in quarters: Russian 263
000; Danubian, 19,000; Argentine, 26,000- Indian
50,000; Australian, 42,000.
In this market futures were rather hlr-her
but the shipping market was unchanged '
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 95@9G%c; mining, 98%c
@?1 02% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
! 2,000 ctls. 9S%c; 2d December— 14,000 ctls 9S'Ar>-
May-4,CC0, ?1.03%. ' /4Cf
Regular Morning Session — December — 2 000
ctls, 9S'/4c. '
Afternoon Session — No sales.
BARLEY— The market continues lifeless" at
the familiar quotations.- .
Feed, 72%@73%c for choice bright, 70@71%c
for No. 1 and 67>/4c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 77%@S2V£c; Chevalier. 95c@
$1 05 per ctl. '. '
.CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. '
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December 4 000
, ctls, 6Dc>, \u25a0 '
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— The market is firmer, but no higher
owing to a better demand for several accounts'
. First, the Government opened bids for 1 000
tons yesterday; second, the termination of the
strike has set a larger number of horses to
work, and thereby increased the local feedinir
demand and. third, Texas is in the market fov
red kinds for seed. The American visible sup
ply decreased «S4,C0O bushels last week.
Grays, $ri0®l 20; whites. $1 1O@1 30; black"
$1@1 15, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl,
CORN— Chicago was "several fractions firmer
but featureless. The American visible supply
increased 537,000 bushels. There was no change
in this market. \u25a0
Eastern Is quoted to arrive in bulk at Jl 62^i
for AVhite, $152% for Yellow and $1 57v[@l 60
tor mixed. . ** .
RYE— 75®77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal; none in first hands.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, \u25a0 $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, ?3 15@325;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
J2 75<g3 for bakers'; Washington bakers 1 J' 75
@3. ...,•*- '°
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade- Graham
Flour, |3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75- Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, -'$3 25
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy $4
@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $1 60; Whole* Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $G S5es 35
in sacks, $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas'
$5, Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay was softer yesterday, receipts being
much larger, amounting to 1,344 tons, in
cluding 70 cars on the track. The ter
mination of the strike has released the recently
tled-up cars, and from now on receipts are ex
pected to run much heavier than for some
weeks past Prices stood the same, however
Bran and middlings are both lower and re
ceipts are more liberal. • ' \u25a0
BRAN— $20@20 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50@22 50 per ton
j FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled .'Barley, $16(3)17 i«r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. {26; • lobbing
J20 50@27; Cocoanut Cake,, $16 50@17 60 • Corn
Meal, $34@34 50; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35- Mixprt
Feed, $18@19c. • . w ' lmiea
HAY— Wheat. $7 E0@10: Choice. $10 50011-
Wheat and Oat, $7 50@10 50; Oat, $7 50@9- Bar
ley and Oat. $G 50@8 50; Alfalfa. $S@10 50*- Clo
ver, $5 50@7; Volunteer, $5@7; Stock, $5@6 per
ton. ' • • \u25a0 . ...
STRAW— 2S@42%c per bale. -,
Beans r aitH Seeds.
Beans continue weak and dull. Several small
lots of hew Limas have already come in. but
they are expected by the carload in a day or
so. Buyers, bid $175, while receivers ask S5
No sales. » -.,-~ '
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40®2 50; Small -White, S3 75
S4; Large White, $2 40@2 63; Pea,. $4 50<3>4 75-
Pink, ?2 40@2 45; Red, $3f3 25; Blackeye, $3 25©
3 40; Limas, $4 75@5; Red Kidney, $3 50@4 00 per
Ctl. •" .. \u25a0 ' ., •' .\u25a0•'.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0--,:\u25a0.. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0..
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, J303 50; , Yellow-
Mustard, $3 35@3 50; Flax. ?2 65@3 25; Canary
Tlie Easta-n Raisin Market.
' I^ate ™»n advices from New Ycrk say: "The
eituatica on new California raisins was more
unsettled than ever yesterday and local buyers
have about given up trying to get raisins until
matters on the coast adjust themselves. There
Is no lack of buyers who would take round
lots at the last reduction of prices, but the
trade seems now to consider getting goods at
the quotations almost absolutely hopeless. None
of the orders Bent out Monday at the low
prices, so far as can be discovered, has been
confirmed by the association and there was
little further effort made yesterday to get busi
ness acoe^ted.
"The spot raisin market has b*en very little
If any affected by the mix up on the coast.
Stocks of nearly all descriptions of domestic
raisins are very light, scarcely enough, it Is
believed, to meet normal consumptive require
ments until new goods arrive in any quantity.
Seeded are in fair request at about 7%c for
cartons. Stocks of seedless Muscatels are quite
liberal, but very closely controlled and in
strong hands. New Valencia layer raisins, ar
rived per Manin, are selling more freely at
7c New MaJaga London layers, to arrive, are
offered at ?1 50*il 55, for 20-lb and 22-H» boxes;
clusters, ?2 15; extra dessert, ?2 75.
"Currants are steady, but quiet. New goods
per Manin show good quality and are selling
in a small way at 6Q-6%c, for Amalia grade.
The market in Greece is reported unchanged.
General trade in dried fruits on spot is only
Jairiy active. With colder weather there would
be an improvement."
IV eat her Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 7—5 p. m.
The followir-e are the seasonal rainfalls to
<Sate, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations. . 24 hrs. season, season.
Eureka 0.00 4.29 2.65
Red Bluff 0.00 1.93 2.05
Sacramento 0.00 0.56 0.6S
San Francisco O.OO 0.62 1.11
Fresno 0.00 0.57 0.43
Independence 0.00 0.77 0.83
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.23 1.20
Los Angeles 0.00 0.12 Trace
Ban Diego O.OO 0.06 0.08
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
T4: minimum. 56; mean, 65.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 50-44; Cincinnati, 6S-44; Washington,
64-3S; Jacksonville. 74-€2; New York. 5G-42;
Kansas City, 68-«0; Omaha. 62-5S; Salt Lake
City. 58-44; Duluth, 50-46; Chicago, 60-50; St.
Louis, 60-5S; Philadelphia, 58-40.
THE COAST RECORD.
~ 3 2 t? aa \u25ba;
STATIONS. I SB 1 3 <= Ec * •§"
rj • 3 • 3 ?a ft *
Astoria 30.26 60 50 NTV Pt Cldy .68
Baker 30.18 60 42 Cloudy .00
Carson SO. 12 76 36 W Pt Cldy .00
Eureka 30.22 62 52 N Pt Cldy .00
Fresno CO. 02 88 56 SW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.22 €6 22 E Clear .00
Pocatello, Idaho. ..SO. 12 66 46 W Pt Cldy .00
Independence 30.02 74 50 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles 30.00 78 54 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.98 S8 58 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.24 CO 48 NW Cloudy !16
Red Bluff 30.0S 82 €2 SE Pt Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.22 72 48 NW Clear .00
Sacramento 30.04 88 56 NE Pt Cldy .CO
Salt Lake 30.20 62 44 NW Clear .00
Fan Francisco 23.SS 74 56 W Clear .00
Fan Luis' Obispo...30.0S SO 46 \u25a0 N Clear .00
Ban Diego 30.00 66 60 W Clear .00
Feattle 30.21 58 44 E Cloudy .01
Ppokane 30.10 62 42 S Cloudy T.
Neah Bay 30.26 56 50 SW Clear .00
TValla Walla 30.16 70 50 SW Pt Cldy .04
"Winnemucca 30.10 6? S4 W Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.94 'A 62 SW Clear .00
Temperature 7 a. m., ES degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
\u25a0 The weather is generally clear on the Pacific
Coast south of San Francisco. Rain is falling
along the Washington coast. During the past
twenty-four hours there has been but little
change in pressure west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
In the great valleys of California the temper
atures are from 7 to 11 degrees above the
normal and conditions have been quite favor
able for raisin making and fruit drying.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 8. 1901:
Northern' California — Fair Tuesday, continued
warm weather in the interior with northerly
winds; Iresh westerly winds on the coast, with
fog from Point Reyes northward.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; continued
TCarm weather in the interior; light westerly
vinAs.- -..-.,.-.
"Nevada— Fair Tuesday; light westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
with' fog in the morning: fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
\u25a0 Forecast Official.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— Flour receipts, 23,505
barrels; exports, 12,286 barrels; firm, 5@10c
higher.
WHEAT — Receipts, 237,850; exports, 171,623
bushels. Spot firm; No. 2. red, 75%c, f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 74%c, elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 76c, f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. SO^sc, f. o. b. afloat. Options were gen
erally firmer to-day and fairly active on South
west buying, strong continental markets,
local' covering and liberal clearances; closed
firm, %@%c net advance. Mav, 77 VS-lSQlSY-c.
closed 78%c; October closed at 73%c; December,
74%(g75 7-lCc, closed 75%c.
HAY-Steady.
HOPS-Steady. \u25a0
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc Futures
closed firm and net 10 points higher. Sales in
cluded: October, 4.95c; December, 5.10c; March,
5.40c; May. 5.55c; June, 5.65(&5.70c; July, 5.70c;
September, 5.S0c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but quiet; fair refining,
3 5-16c; centrifugal, S6 test, 3%c; molasses
sugar, 3c; refined, steady.
BUTTER — Receipts. 7,200; steady. State
dairy, 14Q21c; creamery, 15@22%c; June cream
ery. 2CKJ22c; fresh factory, 12%@14%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 6,800 packages; market
steady. Western candled, 21@21V2c; Western
uncandled, 17 (g 21c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— Trading in the market
for evaporated apples was moderate, with the
feeling quite steady at unchanged prices.
State, common to good, 5@Sc; prime, 8% @
S%c; choice, 9c; fancy. 9%@9%c.
California dried fruits were "dull, but steady
at old prices. /
PRUNES-3%@7c.
APRICOTS-Royal, 8'i@13c; Moor Park. 8@
12c. \u25a0 •
PEACHES — Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@
9^c
lyn Transit, which carried It down 4%, was
apparently baaed on the general condition of
poor earnings and an unduly high price. Sugar
was weak at the extreme decline of 3% on
dread of the effect of the war against beet
sugar. Atchison led the recovery on very con
fident rumors that the semi-annual dividend
rate is to be increased to 2 per cent There
were purchases by a single commission house
of several thousand shares each of various
stocks all around the room and this was sup
posed to represent covering by a large Western
bear contingent. The rally ran between 2 and
3 points In many of the principal active stocks
and the demand for Amalgamated Copper
showed some urgency, the stock rising 1% over
Saturday. The day's net gains are a point.
The covering demand made a firm closing. A
renewed advance in some of the Junior Van
derbilts was a feature of the day.
Railroad bends were weak early, but rallied
in sympathy with stocks. Total sales, par
value, 52,370,000.
United States new 4s declined *i per cent
on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 64,200 76% 74% 76%
Atchlson, pfd 5,800 94% 94 94%
Baltimore & Ohio 7,400 99 9SV4 99
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 93
Canadian Pacific 100 . 107 -107 107 %
Canada Southern 1,700 81% 79 80%
Chesapeake & Ohio 3,900 43% 43 43%
Chicago & Alton 1,700 36 35 35Vi
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 100 77% 77% 77
Chicago, Ind. & Louis.. 2,200 39V4 3S%- 39
Chicago, Ind. & Louis.. 900 72% 71^j 72
Chic & Eastern Illinois. 122
Chic Great Western.... 2,100 22 21% 21%
Chic Great West A pfd. 100 84V£ S4V4 84
Chic Great West B pfd. 700 43',i 42 41
Chicago & Northwestern 600 191V- 190Vi 191
Chicago, R. I & P 1,400 139 138 138'
Chicago Term. & Trans 300 .20% 20 20%
Chicago Term. & T. pfd 2,500 38 36% 37%
C, C, C. & St. Locis.. 300 93\i 93Vi 93%
Colorado Southern 1,800 13^4 13 13%
Colorado South 1st prd. 300 52% 52% 52
Colorado South 2d pfd.. 100 23 23 23
Delaware & Hudson.... 800 162 160% 162
Delaware, Lack & W 220
: Denver & Rio Grande... 200 43 42% 42%
Denver & R. G. pfd .. 90»£
Erie 34,900 39% 38% 39%
Erie 1st pfd 4,300 68% 67*4 6S%
Erie 2d pfd 1,800 53% 52% 53U
Great Northern pfd 600 183%- 183 183%
Hooking Valley .. Sly,
Hocking Valley pfd 200 73% 73% 73
Illinois Central 200 143 142% 143
Iowa Central 300 38% 38% 3SH
Iowa Central pfd 500 73% 73 72%
Lake Erie & Western.. 2,600 66% 63 65 '
Lake Erie & West. pfd. 100 129 129 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 4,200 lOiy; 101 101%
Manhattan L 25,400 118% 117 118%
Metropolitan S. Ry 6.800 loSvi 156% 15S
Mexican Central •. 1,500 22% 22 22%
Mexican National 900 13% 12% 12Ti
Minenapolis & St. Louis 1,000 104 - 104 104
Missouri Pacific 14,700 94% 92 94%
Missouri, Kan. & Tex.. 2,000 25 -24% 24%
Missouri, Kan. & T. pfd 2,400 51 % 49% 50%
New Jersey Central 100 160% 160% 160 %
New York Central 3,400 155 154 134%
Norfolk & Western 5,200 5376 53% 53%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 100 89 89 SSV>
Northern Pacific pfd.... 600 96 95% 95%
Ontario & Western 3,500 32% 31% 32%
Pennsylvania 6,900.143% 142% 143%
Reading 11,800 33 38% 39
Reading 1st pfd 1,800 74% 74 74%
Reading 2d pfd 3;SO0 49% 48% 49%
St. Louis & San Fran.. 3,800 43 38% 41
St. Louis & S. F 1st pfd ..... .. .. 77
St. Louis & S. F 2d pfd 800 65% 63Vi 65U
St. Louis Southwestern. 500 27% 27% 27%
St. Louis Southwest pfd 200 59% 59^. 58%
St. Paul, ex div 18,000 156% 154% 155%
St. Paul pfd, ex div igo
Southern Pacific 25.900 55% 54% 55%
Southern Railway 18,100 31% 31% 31%
Southern Railway pfd.. 2,500 85% 84% 85%
Texas & Pacific 2,000 39% 3S% 39%
Toledo. St. Louis & W. 400 20 20 20
Toledo. St. L. & W pfd. 100 35% 35% 34%
Union Pacific 47,700 95% 94% 93*
Union Pacific prefd 200 87% 87 87
Wa.fc.ash .... 3,900 20% 20 20%
W abash prefd 3,500 37% 36% 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 300 17% 17% 17
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 100 28% 2S>4 29
Wisconsin Central 200 21 20% °0V4
Wisconsin Central prefd 400 41 40% 40
Express Companies-
Adams jgo
American 100 1S8 188" 188"
United States 90
W «" S F . arS ° '•••• •"• 160
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper .. 97.400 86% 83% 83%
American Car & Fndry. 3, £00 25 24% 24%
Amer Car & Fndry pfd 300 79% 79% 79%
American Linseed Oil 15
Amer Linseed Oil pfd.. \u25a0g.SOO 39% . 3S% 45
\u25a0 Amor Smeltg & Refng. 3914
Am Smeltg & Refng pfd 400 96 95 95%
American Tobacco
Anaconda Mining Co... 6,100 36% 34% 35%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 52,100 60 55% 57(4
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 3,600 92 88% 91%
Consolidated Gas 4,200 212% 210% '12U
Continental Tobacco *
Continental Tobacco pfd 100 115 115 113%
General Electric COO 250% 247% 247
Glucose Sugar 2,200 47% 45% 45U
Hocking Coal 300 16 16 15
International Paper .... 1,300 22 21% 21%
International Paper pfd 200 75% 75% 75%
International Power .... 200 " 88% 88 OR
Laclede Gas 100 00 90 90
National Biscuit 600 41% 41 41%
National Lead- 200 19% 19% 19%
National Salt 200 34% 34% 33%
National Salt pfd 60 71 . 71 70%
North American ,. o^
Pacific Coast 1,000 62 60% £0
Pacific Mail 500 41 40 40%
People's Gas 15.800 103% 101% 103%
Pressed Steel Car 100 37% 37% 37%
Pressed Steel Car pfd \. 76
Pullman Palace Car .... 200 215% 214% 215
Republic Steel 900 14% 14% 14%
Republic Steel pfd 1.500 65% 64 63%
Sugar 53.900 115% 112% 114%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 6,000 58% 56% 58
Union Bag & Paper Co 14%
Union Bag & P Co pfd. ' 69
United States Leather.. 2,200 11% 11% n%
U S Leather pfd 200 79 78% 79%
United States Rubber... 500 14 14 14%
U S Rubber pfd .... 43
United States Steel 29.500 42% 41% 49%
United States Steel pfd. 7,800 62% 92% 92%
Western Union 2,000 90% 90 90%
Total sales 728,200
CLOSING BONDS. ' ,
U S ref 2s reg 109 L & N Uni 4s. ....101%
U S ref 2s coup... 109 Mexican Cent 4s... 84%
U S 3s reg 107% Mex Cent 1st inc.. 30'
IIS 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. .103
TVS new 4s reg 138% Mo, Kans & T 4s 98%
U S new 4s coup.. 138% Mo, K & T 2ds.. 80-
U S old 4s reg 112 N Y Cent lsts....lO5%
U S old 4s coup. ..112 NYC gen 3%s....lO9
U S 5b reg .107% N J Cent gen "5s.. .130%
U S 5s coup 107% N Pacific 4s 104
Atchison gen 4s....lO2 : ;i N Pacific 3s 72%
Atchison adj 4s.... 97 N & W con 4S....1Q1V1
Bait & Ohio 4s 101% Reading Gen 4s.... 85
Bait & Ohio 3%s... 95% S L &'I M con os 115
B & O conv 4s 104% S L & S F 4s 95
Canada So 2ds 107 S L Swstrn lsts . 97%
Cent of Ga 5s 106% S L Swstrn 2ds... 78%
Cent of Ga 1st inc. 73 S A & A P 4s... 85
Ches & Ohio 4%e..106% So Pa.ciflc 4s •.. 91%
Chgo & Alton 3%s. 84% So Railway 5s... ..117%
C B & Q new 4s... 96% Tex & Pac lsts... 119
C M & S P gen 4s.llO% T. S L & W 4s 81%
C & NW con 7s.. .139% Union Pacific 4s.. .105
C R I & P 4s 105% Union Pac conv 4s 105%
C C C & SLgen 4s. 94 Wabash lsts ......119%
Chgo. Term 4s 93% Wabash 2ds 110%
Colo & So 4s 87% Wabash deb B.... 60
D & R G 4s 102%!west Shore 4s.. ...112%
Erie prior lien 4s.. 97% 'W & L E 4s 89%
Erie gen 4s 86% Wis Cent 4s '." 88K
F W & DC 1st 102% Cons Tobacco 4s... 63%-
Hocking Val 4%s..lO6% -~ /t
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Qon 20 Little Chief.. 10
Alice 50|Ontarlo ........."."10 75
Breece 1 40jOphir ........ rn
Brunswick Con 6% Phoenix 07
Comstock Tunnel.. 6% Potosl . """ Xi
Con Cal & Va.... 1 65 Savage r.AT.V;.V~" 01
Deadwood Terra... 50 j Sierra Nevada... 15
Horn Silver 190 Small Hopes ... A
Iron Silver ....;... 60 Standard \ 3 3!
Leadville Con OB \u25a0
to prime steers, $6@6 50; poor to medium, $3 50©
5 85 ; stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 ; ; Cows, $1 25
@4 60; Heifers, $1 75@3; canners, - $1 25@2 25;
Bulls, $1 75@4 65; Calves, $2 50@6 25:
Steers, ?2 90@3 75; Western 'SteerSi ?3 60@5 30.
HOGS— Reseipts*. to-day, 27,000; to-morrow,
24,000; left, over, 4000; opened • steady to \u25a0 strong,
closed weak. Mixed and butchers, $6 35@6 75;
good to choice heavy, $6 60@6 80; rough heavy,
$6 20@C 50; light, J6 50@6 70; bulk of sales, ?6 40
©o Bo. • - / .
_ SHEEP— Receipts, 40,000; '\u25a0'- , good, steady;
Lambs, good to choice wethers. $3 35@3 75; fair
«? rn?o^ mixed,- $2 90@3 30; Western Sheep,
U outii 40; native Lambs, $2 50@4 25; Western
Lambs, ?3 35@4 15; Sheep, $2 25<ti>3 15.
ST. JOSEPH. '
ST. JOSEPH,: Mo., Oct. L 7.—CATTLE—Re
or?' 2000; market 5@10c lower. Natives, $3 10
®° 90; 'Cows and Heifers, .$l"40@5 10; veals, ?3@
b; Bulls and Stags, $2 25@4 85; stockers and
feeders, $2 50® 4 10. ' .
n^J i- Reeei P ts . «00; market steady. Light
fs-n^f mixed - ?6 50 @ 6 7 °: medium and heavy,
* b c °0@ b 80; Pigs, $4 50(fT6 50.
t k » Receipts, JwGO; market 10@20c lower.
Lambs, $3 25@4 15; Sheep, $2 25@3 15.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Owing to the deplorable
dullness in tin values again fell away and a
weak undertone prevailed (with spot quoted at
the close at $23 S5@24, or 25 points below the
previous day's figures. Values in London eased
5s on snot and £1 2s 6d on futures, thus spot
stood at the close at £109 10s, and futures at
£106 2 S 6d. The local copper market was un
settled and nominally unchanged at $16 50@17
for. lake and $16 37%@16 62% for casting." At
London spot was unchanged while futures were
\u25a0 J2 6d f> ff . the former closing at £63 7s 2d and
u Ia i ter at £63. Lead was dull at home and
abroad, closing at $137% and £11 16s 6d re
spectively. Spelter at London was 2s Gd better,
with sDot quoted at £17. 2s 6d, while at New
i. orK the market was very quiet at $4 15@4 20.
m - e A S lron markets were unchanged at $9 50
©10 oO for pig iron warrants; No. 1 Northern
i ou j? d /y. -?15@15 50; No. 2 foundry, Southern,
?14@14 50; No. l foundry, Southern, $14 75@15 25;
No. i foundry,' Southern soft, $14 75@15 25.
i^sgow iron warrants closed at 53 S 9d and
Middlesboro closed at 45s l%d.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Oct. 7.— The visible supply of
gfain Saturday, October 5, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
nw ,f "\u25a0}• 37 > 474 .°°0, increase, 2,170,000; corn, 14,
(Ub.000. increase, 537,000; oats, 7,22S,000, de
crease, 684,000; rye, 1,800,000, increase, 25,000;
barley, 1,994,000, increase. 119,000.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Cotton futures closed
barely, steady, with prices net 2 to 6 points
lower.
" \u25a0
Foreign Markets, x
LONDON, Oct. 7.— Consuls, 92 13-16; Silver,
26%d; French rentes, lOlf 10c. Wheat cargoes.
Walla Walla, 27s 3d; English country markets,
quiet and steady; import into U. K., Wheat,
336,000; import into U. K., Flour, 240,000; Wheat
and Flour on passage to U. K., 2,230,000; Wheat
and Flour on passage to Continent, 1,670,000.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 7.— WHEAT— Steady; No.
1 standard California, 5s 9y>d@5s lOd; wheat in
Pans, tirm; flour in . Paris, firm; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine but cold; Cotton, uplands, 4%.
London Wool Sales.
* LONDON, Oct. 7.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 13,137 bales,
including a large selection 'of New Zealand.
Superior sorts brought out spirited competi
tion at firm' prices. A large supply of low
mediums were Irregular. The offerings of
cross-breds were large and several parcels were
taken by American purchasers.
: Portland's Business.
PORTLAND,' Or., Oct. 7.— Clearings, ?638,104
balances, $S8,952.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 7.-WHEAT-Quief
bluestem. 52c; club, 51%c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 7 -WHE \T-Walla
Walla. 52%@53c;. bluestem, 54c. ~'.77~T?i
Sugar marked dozen 20c.
Silver a fraction off again. Exchange undisturbed. \
Wheat futures a fraction firmer.
Barley, Corn and Rye dull.
Oats firm and in better demand. , ;
Hay weaker. Bran and Middlings lower.
Beans continue dull and weak.
Butter and Eggs still higher. Cheese steady.
Cranberries from the East in quick demand.
Prunes steady. Raisins in confusion. Other Fruits easy.
Provisions showing more weakness at Chicago.
Meat market sufficiently supplied and unchanged.
Potatoes weak. Onions lower. Vegetables generally firmer.
Grapes lower. Tree Fruits Uglier. Melons scarcer.
Oranges and Lemons steady. Bananas almost cleaned up.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. Game lower.
Fair business on the Stock and Bond Exchange.
San Francisco Meat Market.-
There is no further change in anything." Hogs
continue in liberal supply.'' \u25a0\u25a0'/ '•
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as fellows:
BJSEF— 6@6Vic for Steers and 5@5%c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7%@8%c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6%@7c; Ewes. 6@6%c per
pound. •
LAMB— 7@8c per lb."
PORK— Live hogs, 230 lbs and under. 6c; ovei
230 lbs, 5»4@5%c; feeders, :<sow3, 20 pei
cent off; boars, 30 per cent off, and stags, 40
per cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs, 7%(g'9c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta. Grain Bags, T>4®
7%c; local make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit
Bag3, 5%@6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for jute.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $7: Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, So 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
$9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15; Can
nel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 4o
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No.
1, 7Cc: pure, $120; Linseed OH, in bar
rels, boiled. 74c; raw. 72e: pases. 5c more;
Lucol, 64c, for boiled and 62c for raw
in barrels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, bar
rels, 85c; cases, 90c; China Nut, 55@72c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot in barrels. 70c: cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure. 63c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40
@45c per gallon; Fish Oil, in barrels. 37%cr
cases. 42%c; Cocoanut Oil. bbls. 63%c for Cey
lon and 58%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13%c;>Pearl Oil, in cases. 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star, 23^c; Elaine. 24»4c:
Eocene. 21%c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 15c; In cases, 21c; Benzine. In bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c;
in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
S2o In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— Prices have declined 20c. The -West
ern Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb, in
100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
dered, 4.75c; Candy Granulated. 4.75c; Dry
Granulated, 4.65c; Confectioners' A, 4.65c; Fruit
Granulated, 4.65c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
1 only), 4.45c; Magnolia A, 4.25c; Extra C, 4.15c:
Golden C, 4.05c; Golden D, 3.95c: barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more;
50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels, 5.15c; boxes, 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 7.
Flour, qr ska 27,81.') 1 Shorts, sks 225
: Wheat, ctls 5,790 Potatoes, sk3 .... 5,457
Barley, cits 30, 160 1 Tallow, ctls 221
Oats, ctls 1,900; Sugar, ctls 14,683
Beans, sks 3,413 Hides, bdls 875
Bran, sks 4,130 Chicory, bbls 25
Middlings, sks .. 1.993 Lime, bbls 363
Onions, sks 61S Quicksilver, flks. 30
Hay, tons 1,324 AVine, gals 26,800
Hops, bales 24 Leather, rolls ... 163
Wool, sks 176 Pelts, bdls 236
OREGON.
Oafs, ctls 480/
UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 3,128) 1 i \u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0 f
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. . ''. '\u25a0
Sg. 'p3-::::S;^r Elec — 70
AtSr 5 -- 50 :
Am if, —•• 94% Adventure 21%
V2? S,"?". 114H Bingham Min Co.. 2SY.
B^t™ J P A°£ e •••• 160 % Amalg Copper .... 85%
TW« & Albany..257 Atlantic 30
R^tnn f e^ ed "- 170 Calumet & Hecla..640
Boston & Maine.. .192 Centennial ....19%'
D ° m Coal 44 Franklin lG'J
TT do , |, r . efd 116% Humboldt 25
a %K : <2VOsceola 94
do prefd 92% parrot 40
S?" Elec 247% Quincy ISO
M £ £ ent^ 211 -i Sa" 11 Fe Copper.. 4%
N ,E G & Coke 5y 2 Tamarack .......... 2S0
Old Dominion 26% Utah Mining 23%
ub ber 13% Winona 2§
Union pacific 95% Wolverines .57 .
West End 9314
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Close— Money on call
was firm at 3%@4 per cent; last loan, 3^4 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5% per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 85%@4 85% for de
mand and at $4 83% for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 84@4 S4% and $4 86%. Commercial
bills, $4 82y.<»4 83%. Bar silver, 57%c. Mexican
dollars, 45%c. Bonds— Governments, weak;
States, Inactive; railroads, irregular.
London Market. \
NEW YORK, Oct.. 7.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was depressed and
stagnant. Paris still upset and there was a
fregh break in Amalgamated Copper. Rio
Tlntos touched 45% and closed at 46%, a net
loss of 1% for the day. The American depart
ment was neglected, but sagged throughout,
except Atchlson. which was buoyant. The Bank
of England has engaged £5700 gold from Ba
tavia. Austria and Germany are both inquir
ing for the metal. The price has been ad
vanced to 77s ll%d.
, CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 7.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchis'on.
Ti^J chiB0^ preferred, 98; Canadian Pacific,
110%; Denver and Rio Grande. 44; Denver and
Hio Grande preferred, 93; Northern Pacific pre-
£ e 27" ed * T 9 ? l ' 4: Southern Pacific. 56; Union Pacific.
97%; Union Pacific preferred, • 90. Bar silver
eteady, 26%d, per ounce. Money, 1% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 7.— to-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $172,031,695; gold. $101,486,505.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
William H. Starkey to "William J. Gunn, lot
on E line of Devlsadero street, 105 N of Green.
N 34 by E 103:1%; J10.
Joseph T. and Katharine D. Poheim to Her
man Levy, lot on NE corner of Hayes and
Lyon streets. NT 137:6 by E 137:6; $10.
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to LudOlph
Philip Degen. lot on S line of Frederick street.
126:3 E of Ashbury. E 30 by S 100; $S500.
Charles G. Davis to Josapha Lange (wife of
William A. C), lot on S line of Frederick
street, 400 E of Stanyan, E :2 by S 137:6; ?10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to James
W. Smith, lot on S line of Eighteenth street.
75 E of Hartford. E 25 by S 75: also lot on W
line of Noe street, 100 S of Eighteenth, S 25
by W 125; $1600.
Daniel and Bridget E. Meagher to Emllie A.
Visher, lot on W line of Noe street. 55 S of
Fifteenth. S 25 by W 110; $10.
Albert TJrbais to Andrew Carl, lot on S Una
of Twentieth street. 25 W of Hampshire, W
25 by S 102; $10.
Wilhelmine Gauch (widow) to Louise Gauch.
lot on N line of Duncan street. 100 E of Church.
E 24 by K 114; gift.
Harvey H. and Lillie P. Dana to Daniel
Roth, lot en S line of California street, 131:8
E of Battery, E 27:6 by S 91:3; $10.
Estate of Joan N. G. Hunter (by A. 5*. Mor
rison and Oliver B. Martin, executors) to E.
A. Davis, lot on NW corner of Grant avenue
and Sutter street, N 40 by W 30; $53,000.
Lucy M. Reilly (widow) to Horace C. Sexton,
lot on W line of Jones street, 40 N of Broad
way, N 20 by W 68:6; $10.
J. J. Rauer to John B. Carson, undivided one
half of lot on" N line of Bernard street, 91:6 W
of Jones. W 46 by N 60; $10.
Risdon Iron and Locomotive "Works to Ed
ward M. Dunbar, lot on E corner of Howard
and Beale streets, NE 273 by SE 320:10; $10.
Joseph and Elizabeth B. Tyson to John Gale,
lot on NW line of Tehama street, 105 NE of
Third, NE 25 by NW 70; $10.
Annie and Eliza Shannon to Edward C. Har
rison, undivided one-fifth of lot on "W line of
Tennessee street. 25 S of Eighteenth (Solano),
S 25 by W 100; $10.
Henry Shannon, same, same; $10.
William and Mary L. Toaspern to Dora
Schwarting (widow), lot on S line of Clement
street, 57:6 W of Ninth avenue, W 25 by S 10O;
$10. •
Stanford Addition Land Company to Robert
T. and A. E. Smith, lot 56, block 130, Sunnyslde
Addition No. 1; J10.
Antoine and Grade Borel (by * attorneys) to
Peter T. Gannon, lots 23 and 24, block 525, Haley
Purchase; $10.
Jonathan A. Brown to Jacob Heyman, lot 5,
Holiday map A; $10.
Max L. Rosenberg- to Maggie Sullivan (wid
ow), lot on SW line of Twenty-eighth avenue
South. 100 SE P street South. SE 25 by SW 100.
being lot 29, block 521, Haley Purchase; $10.
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Charles H.
Schuler. lot on SW line of Twenty-first avenue
South, 25 SW L street South. SE 50 by SW 100.
being lot 8. block 422, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
Alameda County.
Lophema Spencer to Arthur 'P. Holland, lot
on SE corner of Tenth avenue, 100 NE of East
Twenty-first street, NE 50, SE 150. SW 50. NW
130. lots 5 and 6. block 131 B. Brenan estate
(recorded October 1. 1901) East Oakland; $10.
Susie M. and Leonard C. Brackett to Wil
liam J. and Statie Z. Crandley, lot on E line of
Telegraph avenue. 245 N of Prospect avenue, N
30 by E 100.72, N 30 feet of lot 6, same, Oakland :
$10. '
James E. and Nancy Hunt to William Cor
bin, lot 2, block J. Klinknervllle Tract, town of
Emeryville. Oakland Township; $10.
J. C. Estey to Minnie V. Spence (wife of A
T.), lot beginning on N line of street 60 feet
wide known as. Taylor avenue, etc., 195:10 W of
Seventh or Webster street, W 40 by N 133:11
(recorded October 1, 1901), Alameda: $10.
G. F. Boulding to Ellen M. Pennock (Bould
ing). lot on S line of Encinal avenue 157-6 E
of High street. E 40 by S 85:8. part lots S3and
40, Hirschfeld Tract, Alameda: $10.
Benjamin Basely to James H. Young lot on
W line of Morton street. 150 S of Railroad ave
nue, S 75 by W 1H, lots 13 to 17, block 27 por- i
tlon of property of Charles L. Fitch, deceased
Alameda; $10. " " "
Gracie Borel and A. Borel (and as attorney*
to William E. Griffin, lot on SE line of Fair
mount avenue, 36 SW from its intersection with
NE boundary line of Walsworth 100-acre tract
SW 32 by SE 158. portion of lot 1, Walsworth
100-acre tract, Oakland: $10.
William E. and Katherine H. Griffith to W
L. Watson, same. Oakland; $10.
W. H. and Emily Butson to George Dixon
lot on N line of Seventh street, 130 E of ifadi*
eon, E 60. N 100, W 60. S to beginning block
126. Kellersberger's map. Oakland; $10.
W. A. and Anna S. Smith to Louis Oppedaf
lot on SW line of- Hamilton place, 255 35 NW
of Oakland avenue, NW 30 by SW 90. Oakland
$1500. >- - *. v *
Lee C. and Elizabeth C. Burnham to Peter
Christensen, lot on NE corner of Alice an-*
Second streets, N 100 by E 75. being Iot3 1
to 4,- block li, Kellersberger's Map, Oakland
$10. ft
Mayo E. and Edward C Houston to Nora
Ronayne, lot on SE line of Webster street
125 NE of Glen avenue. NE 50 by SE 125 bel
ing a portion of subdivisions 12 and 23 "man
subdivision of lots 2, 3. 4 and 42, man 2. oi»n
Echo Tract, Oakland; $10. p "' ulen
Charles N. and Mary E. Wood to James K
Edelen. lot on N line of Thirty-second street
100 E of Grove. E 50 by N 140. being a portion
of lot IS. block 2043, Rowland Tract, Oakland;
William J. Hermann to Elizabeth L. Her
mann, lot on SW corner of Hilgard and Euclid
avenues. W 50 by S 125. being lot 20 block 7
Daley' s Scenic Park. Berkeley; gift *
Sidney D. and Frances M. Townley to Cor*
L. Williams, lot 24, La Loma Park, Berkeley*
Builders' Contracts.
Harvey H. Dana and A. W. . Pattiani (own
ers) with A. Lynch (contractor), arehiterta \
W. Pattiani & Co.-Excavating and Sowttl
work, including floors and sidewalks, for 1 s
6-story brick building on NE corner of Gearv
and William streets. E 56 by N 876- fM3i v -
HEAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A continued rise In Market Street Railroad
was the feature on the Bond Exchange on the
morning session. The cause of this steady ad
vance is causing more -or less conjecture on
the street. While nobody seems to have any
definite information it is supposed to be due
to either the rumored proposed stock dividend
or the bids of the Eastern syndicate for the
system, or perhaps both. The stock touched
$90, against $88 50 on Saturday. Makaweli Sugar
was also higher at ?24 75@21 87%. The oil
stocks continued dull.
In the afternoon Market Street- Railroad
touched $91. California Fruit Canners was also
higher at $58. Gas and Electric was lower at
?43 12»,£(342 87%.
The California Street Railroad Company will
pay a dividend of 50c per share on the 9th.
The San Jose Water Company will pay the
usual dividend of 50c per share on the 10th.
The Grand Prize oil assessment of %c was
delinquent October 5.
Dividends will be paid on the 15th as fol
lows: California Safe Deposit, $150; Oakland
Gas. 25c: Marin County Water, 75c; Port Costa
Water, 30c; Contra Costa Water, 42c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Oct. 7—2:30 p. nx.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask:
4s quar coup.. '.112 -112% '4s qr c (new) 13S%139}i
4s quar reg 112 112%! 3s quar coup.. 108 109
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106% — Oceanic SS os.103 —
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s. 129ft —
C C Water 5s.llO!i — Pac G Imp 4s. — ' 99
Ed L & P 6s. — 131% Pk & Cl II 6s.lO9 —
Fer & C H 6s. — — Pk & O R 6S.121 —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R' 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s.. — \u25a0-=- ' Sac E G R 5s. 95% —
Do os 99% — S F & SJV 5s. 122% —
1 Los Ang R 5s. 117 117% Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
i L A Light 6s.. 101% — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113 114
Do gntd 5s.. 100 103 (1910) 114 —
L A & Pa 5s. 101 "102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m os. — — (1905), Ser A. — 107%
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128% (1905). Ser B.107% —
Do 1 c m os. — 123 (1906) 109 —
Ncv C N G 7s. - — (1912) 119% —
N R of Cal 6s. 112% — S P of Cal 1st
Do os 121%122% c gntd 5s 110% -
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — S P Br Cal 6s. 133% —
Do 5s — 107% S V Water 63.111% —
Nor Cal R os.lll — Do 4s 103 —
Oak Gas 5s. ...111% — Do 4s, 3d m.102 —
Oak Trans 6s. 121 — Stktn Gas 6s.. 104 —
Oak Wat g 5s. 103% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76*4 — ,Port Costa 62% 65
Marin County. 58 — 'Spring Valley. 87 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... — — Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equitable 3% — Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual 4% 5% S F G & E 42% 43%
Oakland — 51% San Francisco. 4-U 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 38 40 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 240 — f
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 76% 7S L P & A 157%160
California ....405 — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.. 108% — S F National.. 130 —
First National.310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1895 — Sav & Loan... —
Humboldt .... — — Security Sav.. 275 —
Mutual Sav ..60 — Union Trust.. 1600 S —
San Francisco. 525 \u25a0 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California" ....130 — 10 S L & H.... 40 _
Geary — 50 Presidio 32 —
Market ....... 90% 91 • \u25a0
POWDER.
Giant 75% 76%|Vlgorit 3% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 5% 6 Kilauea 10% 12
Hawaiian — 50 Makaweli .... 25%
Honokaa .. 10 10% Onomea 23% 25
Hutchinson .. 14% 15 \u25a0 Paauhaii 10 ' _
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..l44%145 | Oceanic S Co. 40% —
Cal Fruit Can 97% 98 |Pac Aux FA.. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 87 88 jPac C Borax.. — —
MerExchange.110 — iPar Paint .... IS .
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Contra , Costa -Water 75 5o
100 Honokaa S Co jq 00
20 Makaweli S Co 24 75
10 Makaweli S Co 24 87'i
5 Market Street Railway, s 10 89 00
5 Market Street Railway 59 50 -
. 50 Market Street Railway 90 00
5 Market Street Railway 89 75
125 Paauhau S P Co 10 00
$10,000 S F & S J V bonds 123 00
10 Spring Valley Water 87 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — » /
105 Alaska Packers' Assn 144 53
25 Alaska Packers' Assn, b 10 1»4 50
70 Cal Wine Assn 57 go j
90 Contra Costa Water ;g 50
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 99 75
45 Hutchinson S P Co ; 14 75
$11,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s u 7
15 Market Street Railway 9100
$1000 Market Street Railway 1st con os... 122 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 43 17t 
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 qo 8
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 4* 571;
20 Spring Valley Water g j K
Street—
$4000 S P of Arizona (1909) u 3 25
10 California Fruit Canners' g 8 qq
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
350 Sovereign •>«
300 Sterling, b 90 ..; j J o •
70 Twenty-Eight \u25a0, go
Afternoon Session.
' . Board—
100 Eldorado 40
150 Home Oil - 3
100 Home Oil. a 30 ; - ?r
400 Monarch of 'ArizAia : ™
100 Sterling "" j ,-,.
500 Sterling, b £0.... " , a A/*
GO Twenty-Eight ......: '....'.'. i 65
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
Cisco Stock and Exchange BoaM yesterdav
. • Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 33 300 Sierra Nevada 1*
100 Con Cal & Va..l 791 13
- Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge 18 1 300 Ophir 75
600 Caledonia .. 32 200 Potosl .'. **" 07
300 Crown Point ... 07 .
STOCK MARKET.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
MONDAY, Oct. 7—4. p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 02 vl
Alta 02 03 Kentuc': — 02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash ... 01 —
.Belcher 10 11 Mexican 17 V»
Best & Belcher 16 17 Occidental OS 06
Bullion — 02 Ophir 74 73
Caledonia 31 33 Overman C3 O'J
Challenge Con.. 17 U Potosi 06 OS
Chollar 06 C7 Savage 11 12
Confidence 90 at I Scorpion — 01
Con Cal & Va.l 65 1 70<Segr B richer ... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — Oil Sierra Nevada. IS 19
Con New York...— 01 Silver Hill .... ol Si
Crown Point... 07 OS St. Louis 03 05
Eureka Con ... 14 — Standard ..3 50 —
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate — C7
Gould •& Curry. 06 C7 Union Con 15 17
Hale & Norc... 11 15 Utah 02 C5
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket . (>8 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 16. 100 Mexican 17
200 Caledanla \u2666 32] 100 Mexican IS
200 Challenge 18: 250 Ophir 7.3
40 Con Cal & Va..l 70(250 Overman ns
1000 Crown Point .. 07i 700 Sierra Nevada.. IS
150 Hale & Norc 15 100 Silver Hill Zi
300 Best & Belcher... V, 200 Ophir 78
100 Caledonia 35 100 Sierra Nevada.. 13
100 Con Cal & Va.1 67% 200 Yellow Jacket.. 09
The following- were the sales In the Pacifi3
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, T UE SDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1 90 1 .
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
New York Grain and Produce
10
AUCTION SALES
H AUCTION SALE f|
T ~'n.«e an Estate, i!
FUteen fine road horses, lncludine several
\u25a0With fast records; pneumatic and rubber tired
busjjies, phaetons, road carts, two and four
. .._„_.„., ,w« aua iour horse Fresno
c~^. .->.,u sciiiucrs, four sets heavy trucking
harness, six sets heavy chain harness, buggy
harness, saddles, collars, three dozen pairs
stretchers and lead bars, one blacksmith's out-
fit complete, stoves, crowbars, two dozen picks
and shovels, rock hammers, jack screws and
small toots. Stock on exhibition Wednesday,
October 9, 1901. .
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 10, 1 190L
at 11 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721-723 Howard St., San Francisco.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer.
TO-DAY (TUESDAY), Oct. 8, 190L
AT 1 P. M..
AT 414 MCALLISTER ST.,
An elegant lot Parlor Chairs and Rockers,
Bric-a-Brac, Lace Curtains, Elegant Enameled
Beds. Oak Bedroom Set3, Best Spring, Dixie
and Hair Top Mattresses, Mahogany Dressers
and Chiffoniers, Grand Rosewood Folding Bed.
Extension Tables and Chairs, Elegant Pictures.
100 new pattern Rugg and Art Squares, Fine
Carpets and Mattings, Linoleum, Roll Top
Desk, Parlor Desks No. 7 nearly new Range,
Fine Sewing Machine, etc.
NOTE— At commencement of sale I will sell
50 Rolls Table Oilcloth, 100 Dustless Brushes.
Chance for dealers.
J^ JUST ARRIVED. £^
100 head German Army Horses, well broken,
suitable for all business purposes. JOHN H.
HALTON, at Fred H. Chase &. Co.'s Salesyard.
1732 Market st.
d 1— O S I1N G. OUT S f\ 1_ *=.
Of 4- SURREYS, 12 SPRING WAGONS. 19
BUSINESS BUGGIES. 3 CARTS. 23 SETS
SINGLE and DOUBLE HARNESS, 19 GOOD
,W0RK and. DRIVING HORSES, 9 STOCK
SADDLES, ROBES. WHIPS, etc.
1140 FOLSOM St.. TUESDAY. Oct. 8. 11 a. m.
%* AUCTION SALE 5^
At Arcade Stables, '327 Sixth st., WEDNES-
DAY, Oct. 9, at 11 a. m., of Horses. Wagons,
Harness, etc. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.Lavig^ie Starts Training.
"Kid" (George) Lavigne, ex-llghtwelght
champion of the world, went out to
Blanken's Six-Mile House yesterday to
get himself in condition for the -winner of
the O'Brien-Turner fight, or any other
eligible who will "take him on." Lavigne
looks as strong and sturdy as he did
when he fought Waleott in this city about
three years ago. ;/. [,-'
California.
Everybody does not like to be deceived,
but those who see Herrmann at the Cali
fornia Theater gladly admit that tho de
ception he practices upon them at that
theater is a little bit more than they
can fathom, even when it is all over.
Opinions are i divided as to what Is . his
most clever Illusion. His "Escape From
Sing-Sing" divides the attention of the
audience with his Illusion of "Noah's
Ark, or.. After the Flood." "The Turkish
Elopement" might easily be utilized to
draw down a prince's ransom, even from
a band of Bulgarian bandits. The vau
deville part of the programme Is also an
excellent part, that seems to rest the
One of the best programmes in the
history of Fischer's Concert House. was
given last night. Sylvia Puerari, the fa
vorite contralto, was warmly applauded
for her Italian and English songs in cos
tume, and Sydney Smith, a pretty and
graceful tiny girl dancer, made an im
mediate hit and was loaded down with
flowersi Watson, Davenport and Hamil
ton gave an amusing skit, "Masked
Love"; Roebel Simms, styled the "Tramp
Cartoonist," pleased the packed house,
and Sam Holds worth, the popular tenor,
changed his selections. Valkyra, an ex
traordinary hand balancer, and Bartel
mes, a novelty foot juggler, f umiehed
the acrobatic portion of the performance.
Val Vausden proved a clever entertainer.
-xUgus? Hinrichs' violin solo, Gounod's
"Ave Maria," was enthuslasticallywn
cored and his excellent orchestra was^ip
to its usual high standard.
Fischer's Concert House.
The bonds of Julius M. Walling, charged
with grand larceny for stealing two valu
able diamonds from Mrs. Annie E. D»dge,
519 Taylor street, were declared forfeited
by Judge Cook, Friday, as Walling failed
to appear for arraignment, and a bench
warrant was issued for his arrest. Yes
terday General W. H. L. Barnes explained
to the court that the District Attorney
had neglected to notify him of the calling
of the case and that Walling was at his
father's home in Nevada City and would
appear at the next calling of the case.
The Judge, under the circumstances,
withdrew the bench warrant and the for
feiture of -the bonds and continued the
case until Tuesday next.
Walling- Has Not Disappeared.
There was the customary crush at the
Orpheum last night, and every number
on the new programme was well re
ceived. The Sisters O'Meers present the
most graceful anij, daring tight wire per
formance ever seen in this city, while the
comedy work of O'Meers. pere cheers
things up immensely. -Bell Thorne, the
San Francisco favorite, sang three so
prano numbers In excellent voice, and
Mitchell and Barnard, tenor and bary
tone, contributed pleasing solos and
duets. VBuster," a diminutive flve-vear
olcl comedian, is easily the star of the
Keaton family, and he succeeds in keep
ing the house in roars of laughter while
he 13 on the stage. Boyce and Wilson,
t..e song and tJance men, are even better
tban they were last week. Madge Fox
has a lot of new coon shouting, and Wil
fred Clarke and 'his company continue
their amusing sketch, "Oscar's Birth
day." The Svengalis. who are In their
last week, and new moving- pictures on
the btograph, complete an excellent bill
Orpheum.
LECTURE AT GRACE CHURCH.— Dr. W.
W. Case will lecture Tuesday evening, Octo
ber 8. on "What I Saw in Kurope and Pales
tine." at the Grace Methodist Churoh, corner
of Twenty-first and Capp streets. No admis
sion will be charged.
EXPERT GETS POSITION.— J. T. McMillan,
nautical expert, has been appointed to assume
charge of the branch hydrographie office. The
position was formerly niled by Lieutenant Com
mander J. B. Milton.
TO SEEAK ON BABYLON.-Rev. William
H. Brigg will deliver a lecture Thursday even
ing. October 10. In Occidental Hall of the
Supreme Court building, on "Discoveries in
Ancient Babylon."
The Central Theater presented a strong
melodrama last evening-, entitled, "Bea
con Lights." It was given an excellent
production. The plot is laid on the fron
tier between New Mexico and the South
ern republic, and is a succession of
strong and exciting incidents, -which
serve to introduce a motley array of the
strange and novel characters which are
the product of border life. The play was
elaborately staged; and for a first perfor
mance was unusually smooth. The larg-e
audience was one of the most, enthusias
tic seen at the Central for some time,
and the piece is sure to play to packed
houses during the week.
Among those who deserve Special men
tion are: Willard Blackmore, James Cor
rigan, George Nicholls, Edwin T. Emery,
Ernest- Howell: Miss Annette Marshall,
Oza VValdrop and Little QJlie Cooper.
Central.
CHICAGO, Oct. 7.— Results at Harlem:
First race, five and a halt furlongs— Cocoa
\u25a0won, Inventor second, Pronta third. Time,
1:07 2-5.
Second race, one mile— Oliver Me won. Uncle
Tom second. Evelyn Byrd third. Time, 1:40 2-3.
Third race, hurdle handicap, one and flve
eighths miles— Maze won, Coney second. Saintly
third. Time. 3:05 1-5.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Constellator won. Denman Thompson second,
Haviland third. Time. 1:43. *
Fifth race, six furlongs. Speed stakes—Gon
falon won, Moneymuss second, The Lady third.
Time, 1:12 2-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Silk Cord won,
Emathion second, Huzzah third. Time. 1:14.
Seventh race, one mile— El Ghor won, Bonnie
Llasak. second. Myth third. Time. 1:40 3-5.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Oct. 7.— Results:
First race, seven- furlongs, selling— Nekarhls
won Samlval second, Sue Johnsoir third. Time,
1:28. ' •
Second race, five and a half furlongs—Fair
bury won, Man second. Staff third. Time,
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling—
Sister . Sarah won, Anna Elliott second. Lee
flare third. Time. 1:09.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs— Four
Leaf C won. Brulare second. Our Lady. third.
Time. 1:21%.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards-
Lunar won. Peaceful second, Jessie Jarboe
third. Time. l:42tf. .
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, selling —
Picador won, Zazel second, Zonne, third. Time,
1:54^. \u25a0 c*^, ""• \u25a0 ; •. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-- V
Gonfalon Captures the Speed Stakes
- in a Six-Furlong Dash at
i Harlem.
RESTTLTS OF THE RACES
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS
The Walcott-Carter fight, which takes
place on thr- :5th of thic month before the
Twentieth Century Athletic Club at the
Mechanics' Pavilion, is already attracting
attention. The fact that Carter has al
ready defeated Waleott. coupled with the
fact that the Barbadoes champion subse
quently outciassfd George Gardner, who
knocked out Carter in their recent battle;
ndds an atmoFpii^re of uncertainty to the
outcome of the battle, which is causing
Dfht forecaster? to scratch their heads.
Waleott is training for the fray at Friz
zie's place in I^trk^pur. and Carter is do
ing his preparatory work at Ed Wilson's
ranch, near Bolinas. Carter has rested up
a hi: since his bout with Gardner, and his
friends assert that he is in preat shape.
•"Spider" Welch and "Kid" McFadden
have been man-hed to box ten rounds as
a preliminary to the main go. Welch is a
rocent graduate from the amateur ranks
and is a fast, shifty fighter. He is built
an the ""Spider" Weir order, and his ex
< optionally long reach may prove a stum
'i.Mng block in ihe way of his more expe
rienced opponent. Thry will weigh in at
135 pounds. Young- Glbbs of Cleveland and
Hr-nry Lewis have also been matched for
smother ten-round bout.
Kid McFadden and "Spider" Welch
Will Appear in the Pre
liminary.
WAXC0TT AND CARTER.
TRAINING FOE, THE FBAY
The Brownies give their farewell per
formances at the Alhambra this afternoon
and to-night. The show has proved to be
the best entertainment by 'children ever
offered in this city, and a large patronage
at each performance has been the result.
Lopita, Benny Learner. Gladys Montague,
the .Cook sisters, Baby Kelfe and a host
of others have become great favorites,
and the costumes and scenery give color
and brightness to the fairy fantasy. Seats
are to be had at Sherman & Clay's and
at the theater.
Alhambra.
Six furlongs, selling— '. - . '.
Bob Palmer, 102 (Ransom). 6 to 1 1
Fine Shot. 107 (Burllngame), 3 to 2 2
Canejo, 107 (Hoar), 3 to 1 3
Time, 1:14%.
Clarando, Tcrlbio and El Rey also ran.
Dwightway, Speculation, St. Chester and
Tacna also ran.
Half mile, 2-year-olds — U
Gypsy Boy. 110 (Hoar), 4 to 5 1
Irma A, 106 (Burke). 6 to 1 '.......;.. 2
Sol, 11» (Ransch). 8 to 5 3
Time, O:48>£. \u25a0 . .
Mile and a sixteenth-
Miss Vera, 108 (Mathews), 3 to 1....... 1
Castake. 115 (Donahue), even 2
Alicia 110 (Ransch), 6 to 5 3
Time. 1:47%.
Six furloncs— \u25a0
Talma, 106 (Ransch), 2 to 1..... 1
Gilt Edge, 113 (McCarthy), 8 to 1 2
Heraldo, 115 (Romero), 3 to 1 3
• Time, 1:15»,4.
Grady, Abano. Pongo, Little Edelweiss, Vic
tor, Maf eking and Barbara also ran.
Mile and fifty yards, Angelena handicap— La
Goleta had a walkover.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 7.— One harness
and five running races made up the card
at Agricultural Park to-day. Coeur de
Lion took the 2:27 pace in straight heats,
beating his field in clever style. Glide
away made a good bid for first honors In
each heat, but could not quiteget up. La
Goleta' had a walkover for the Angelena
handicap, all the other entries scratching.
Of the other events two favorites and two
outsiders took first money. Weather fine.
Attendance gogd. Results:
"•27 pace, purse $700, three In five — \u25a0\u25a0
Coeur de Lion, breeding unknown CVVit
liams) • • \W
Glldeaway (Wallace) 2 2 2
Richard B (Donahue) ...3 4 3
Chief (Cody) — 4S4
Phil Sheridan dis.
Robert Wood • dis.
Time, 2:12%, 2:12!*. 2:15.
Coeur de Lion Cleverly Annexes the
2:27 Pace. '\u25a0:
WINNERS AT LOS ANGEXES.
For the Cathedral Bazaar.
An entertainment and hop will be given
to-morrow night in Union Square Hall by
the Young Ladies" Institute in aid of the
bazaar erot up. for St. Mary's Cathedral.
Sing Tom's tong took the matter up and
demanded his assailant's death. The high
binders started on their grim mission and
found their man during the evening.
Ho Ling, one of the highbinders, was
arrested and will be charged with the
crime by Detective Ed Gibson. Sunday
night Ket's tong held a meeting and de
cided to avenge the shooting of its mem
ber. About twenty notorious and danger
ous gunmen arrived yesterday from the
interior of the State and prepared for
work. Policemen were placed in places
where the Chinese congregate and were
instructed to search every suspicious
looking Mongolian.
It Is known now that Ket was shot be
cause be beat Sing Tom, an actor, in Ross
alley Saturday morning. The Chinese
have a distinct aversion for theatrical
people. They consider them ofthe lowest
in the scale of society. Yee Ket shared
this contempt, and when he met the
Thespian he pummeled him and left him
unconscious In the alley.
As a result of the shooting of "Yee Ket
in Spofford alley Saturday night the tong
to which the victim belongs has declared
war on the Suey Dun Tong, and* a high
binder war Is imminent. Last night an
extra detail of police was placed in China
town to prevent other tragedies which the
inhabitants of the quarter expect at the
first opportunity found by the gunmen.
Eugene Gardner, engineer at Gray
Brothers' quarry, corner of Seventeenth
and Castro streets, who was scalded on
the afternoon of September 29, died at a
private sanitarium in this city last even-
Ing. The accident which resulted In Gard
ner's death was caused by the explosion
of the engine's boiler. His wife was
with him at the time and she vrns
also seriously Injured. Gardner resided
at 4190 Seventeenth street.
Dies of His Injuries.
The Shamrock, is to be dismantled at
once. Her mast will be taken out so that
she can pass under the Brooklyn Bridge
and she is to be towed after being
stripped to New London, Conn., there to
be laid up fpr the winter with the Con
stitution, which will also have a berth at
that place.
Sir Thomas is confined to his yacht
Erin, which is lying off West Twenty
sixth street, in the North River. Hls'right
leg, which was hurt while he was board
ing the tender Porto Rico a few weeks
ago, is giving him much pain. The tre
mendous strain it was subjected to dur
ing the recent races Is beginning to tell
and his doctor has ordered absolute rest.
Elaborate preparations are being made
at the New York Yacht Club to fittingly
receive Sir Thomas at the club to-mor
row night.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7.— Sir Thomas Llpton
has decided to keep the Shamrock II in.
America this winter with a view to racing
her next spring and summer against the
Constitution and Columbia.
. STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 7.— As
a result of the poor showing made by the
cardinal football team In the game with
the Reliance eleven the Stanford coaches
have decided to discipline the men by en
forcing stricter training rules and mak
ing all candidates live up to them. Here
after, say the coaches, there Will be no
dancing or similar amusements for foot
ball men on nights preceding varsity
games, which means every Friday night.
Other, restrictions of like nature will- be
instituted, and twenty-one varsity candi
dates will be put on the training table,
which was started at the Alto Hotel In
Palo Alto to-night.
Those who will eat at the training table
at present are: R. S. Fisher, R. A.
Thompson, W. I. Traeger, H. W. Hill, A.
R. Dole, F. L. Slaker, C. Hayden, C. B.
Raitt, C. D. Hauverman, R. B. Knight, J.
W. Sefton, W. B. Bj^rnhelsel, K. F. Coop
er, R. J. McFadden, C. P. Allen, E. A.
Smith, H. S. Lee, L. P. Banstach, P." P.
Parker, J. A. Horan and F. H. Boren.
mind while waiting for the other good
things to come.
Stanford Football Players Must Set
tle Down to Work.
TRAINING TABLE IS STARTED.
Highbinders Here to
• Open a Bloody
Struggle.
Will Be Laid Up During
the Winter Season
at New London.
"Too Much Johnson,"- the comedy pre
sented at the Alcazar Theater last night,
should be styled "a cure for the blues."
The cozy" little theater was crowded and
people laughed to their hearts' content
from the rise to the fall of the curtain.
Every member of the company seemed
admirably suited to his or her part, and
the result was a clear-cut and artistic
performance. Every ludicrous point and
situation was thoroughly grasped by the
audience- and the merriment was sponta
neous and irresistible. M. L. Alsop, the
new leading man. made the most that
could b« got out of the part of Mr. Augus
tus Billings, the man of the magnificent
nerve and resource, and he seemed to
revel in the part. He showed that In
light comedy* he is quite at home. George
AVebster as Joseph Johnson, Howard
Scott as Mons. Leon Dathis and Frank
Bacon as Francis Faddish helped mate
rially to keep up the fun. and each did
a clever piece of character work. Paul
Gerson, Carlyle Moore and Barton Hill
had congenial parts. Miss Alberta Con
verse was Mrs. Augustus Billings, and she
interpreted the part in a quiet, ladylike
manner that charmed the audience. Miss
Marie Howe Was in her element as the
mother-in-law, and Miss Carrie Lamont
was fetching as Leonora Faddish. Every
thing went with a swing and the curtain
had to be raised several times after the
close of each act.
Alcazar.
Hirschfelder £z Mcaney's trunk factory,
at the corner of Twentieth and Florida
streets, was partlv destroyed by fire last
night. The damage was confined to the
main factory building, the box factory
and boiler buSHings in the rear escaping
without injury. For a time the whole
neighborhood was threatened, but the
firemen confined the flames to the main
building.
At 5 o'clock business was suspended for
the day and George E. "White, the watch
man, took change of the building. Later
Max Manheim. the foreman, and two as
sistants returned to pack some trunks.
While they were busy some -women In the
neighborhood notified them that smoke
was coming out ct the roof, and an alarm
was rung in. The fire was a blind one
and burned for some time before it broke
through the roof. The Inside then was
thoroughly ablaze. The firemen succeeded
in confining it to the building in which it
originated.
The entire plant is valued by the owners
at $100,009. on which they carry between
$?6.000 and $48,000 insurance. About 125
men. women and girls were employed in
?he factory. It was formerly owned by
D. Block & Co. According to Lewis J.
lleaney, one of the firm, the stock was
valued at $75,000. Fire Marshal Towe
says that considerably less than $5000 will
rover the damage to the building, and
•hat probably VJO.OOO would be a fair esti
mate of the vaiue of the contents. The
turned building was erected about seven
y«Rars ago. Spontaneous combustion in
waste thrown i»bout the elevator shaft is
said to have beer, the cause of the fire.
Women of Neighborhood Tell
Them of Danger.
Men Are at Work Inside When
TRUNK FACTORY MAKES
A SPECTACULAB BLAZE
When the family returned to the upper
portion of the^ house, everything was
found in disorder. Bureau drawers were
ransacked and dressing tables were
turned inside out.
It was several hours after the burglary
was committed before the police were no
tified. Word was then sent to Captain of
Detectives Seymour, .and he immediately
dispatched the best officers at his com
mand to make an investigation.
A list of all the missing- jewelry was
furnished the detectives, but as the bur
glars left no clew the task of locating the
valuables will be' a hard one.
While the family of Claus Spreckels
was at, dinner last'night burglars entered
his residence at Clay street - and Van
Ness avenue and carried away jewelry
valued at $5000. An entrance was effected
by the burglars through a rear window.
The rooms in the upper part of the house
were thoroughly ransacked.
dow and Steal Jewels Valued
p.t Five Thousand Dollars.
BUKGLARS MAKE HAUL IN
CLATJS SFRECKELS' MANSION
Effect Entrance Through Rear Win-
LIPTON'S YACHT
TO REMAIN HERE
A pathetic scene was witnessed in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday when Mrs. Jo
hanna Brahm, 10 Vallejo street, appeared
to answer the charge of cruelty to chil
dren. It was alleged that while under the
influence of liquor Sunday she tried to
cut her baby's head off with an ax, but
was prevented by Mrs. Cloyde, a colored
woman. Mrs. Brahm testified that she
had the ax raised to strike the colored
woman for Interfering in her domestic af
fairs. Her little son with tears in his
eyes pleaded with the court to be merci
ful to his mother, and the Judge was. so
affected that he decided to dismiss the
case and give the mother another chance.
Boy's Pleading Saves Mother.
The piece was well dressed and mounted
and the singers, assisted by Steindorff
and his orchestra, gave a powerful rend'.-*
tion of the work. Montanari has not been
so well heard before this season as she
was in the role of Amelia. Her voice was
clear, ringing and intensely dramatic, and
her acting convincing.
Agostini as Ricardo scored as heavily
as he did last week in "Cavalleria." One
can always depend on his reaching every
note he attempts; there is no tense strain
of the nerves or muscles far fear of a
break. When he Is on the stage It Is sim
ply a case of sit back, listen and enjoy.
Renato's song in the first act by Ferrari
was one of the treats of the evening, and
in fact, his barytone was effective
throughout. Repetto was in fine voice,
and made a dainty figure as the page.
Nicolini and Zani as the two conspira
tors were strong, and Pollettini's singing
of Ulrica was a well studied effort. The
male chorus deserves a word of praise for
its concentrated work, and the orchestra
—well, the Tivoli musicians can always be
depended upon. £>
To-night "Nabucco" will be repeated,
with the cast that made the opera so
well talked of two weeks ago. On Mon
day next the Tivoli Will have a "Verdi
night" to celebrate the birthday of the
great Italian composer.
"The Masked Ball" received its first
presentation this season at the Tivoli last
night, and an enthusiastic house attested
appreciation of the Verdi opera. •
Tivoli.
On Saturday evening Police Officer
Quarels found a young woman acting
strangely In Jefferson Square, near the
corner of Laguna and Turk streets. She
was taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where she was treated. "She couM
give no coherent statement as to the
causes leading to her condition and wa3
transferred to the insane department.
Late yesterday afternoon it was found
out that her name Is Esther De Bara and
that she resides at 2025 Mission street.
She was recently paroled from the Stock
ton Insane Asylum and wandered from
her home on Sunday. She will be re
turned to the asylum.
Demented Woman Found in Park.
Total 36
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 7, j
two for 7 three for 19, four for 19, five for 25,
six for 29. seven for 33, eight for 33, nine for
33, ten for 36. •
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
H. G. Macartney.. 54 18 2 2
H. F. Elliott 61 15 2 8
SACRAMENTO CRICKET CLUB.
H. R. Elliott, c. and b. Bird 24
H. G. Macartney, 1. b. w., b. Croll 0
H. F. Elliott, c. Hogue, b. Ward Jr 31
C. K Turner, c. Hogue, b. Ward Jr 2
S E Mack. b. Ward Jr 10
J M. Kerr, c. Willis, b. Ward Jr 1
G. F. Green, b. Croll..... 1
W. B. Paul, b. Croll 8
H. J. Furley, b. Croll 1
F K Barkworth, not out u
li. W Robitatlle, b. Ward Jr : 0
Byes • • 10
" Total '. '\u25a0 06
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 3,
two for 3S, three for 44, four for 75, five for 77,
six for SO, seven for SO, elsht for 88, nine for
93, ten for 96. -
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wickets.
H. Ward Jr .90 34 0 5 .
F. Croll 68 25 2 4
R. B. Hogue 30 . 12 ,0 0
B Bird 43 14 2 1
ramento 'on. Sunday and played the last
match In the schedule of the California
Cricket Association against the Sacra
mento eleven, losing by 60 runs. The visit
ors went to the wickets first, but none ex
cept B. Bird, who scored 11 runs, offered
any resistance to the bowling of H. .F.
Elliott and H. G. Macartney. These two
bowlers continued through the innings
without change, H. F. Elliott taking eight
wickets with 51 balls for 15 runs, and Ma
cartney capturing two for 16 runs. The
Alameda total, including five extras, was
only 36.
H. R. Elliott and H. G. Macartney went
to the bat first for Sacramento, the lat
ter being out leg before wicket by 0. Then
H. F. Elliott joined his brother, and be
fore the pair was separated the Alameda
score had been passed. The Sacramento
total reached %. .Harold Ward took five
wickets for 34 runs. F. Croll our for 25
and B. Bird one for 14. The full details
are shown below:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
R B. Hocue, b. Macartney ..'. 0
F.' Croll, b. H. P. Elliott 5
B Bird. b. -Macartney '. 11
II Ward Jr., c. Kerr, b. H. P. Elliott 1
H. Ward Sr.. b. II. .F. Elliott 1
F. Stahl, c. Mack, b. H. F. Elliott 6
A Willis, c. H. R. Elliott, b. H. F. Elliott.. 2
W Rlchter c. Turner, b. H. F. Elliott 2
C Banner, c. Barkworth, b. H. F. Elliott... 1
J W. Roberts, c. Mack, b. H. F. Elliott 0
H. W. Brown, not out 2
Byes 5
Alameda Cricket Team Visits Capita)
City and Suffers. Defeat by an
Ample Margin.
The Alameda cricket team visited Sac-
SACRAMENTO ELEVEN
BEATS THE CHAMPIONS
It was decided to hold the next con
vention at Los Angeles on the first Mon
day of next October. The convention will
meet in its final session on Thursday.
Honorary president, Mrs. John Shirley
Ward of Los Angeles;,. president, Mrs. L.
Wright; vice president* Mrs. L. R. Thorpe
and Mrs. Mattle L. Davis; secretary, Mrs.
B. F. Church: treasurer, Mrs. L. M.
Fletcher; historian, Mrs. A. H. Lacy.
The home in which the reception was
held was magnificently decorated for the
occasion. A huge American Hag covered
one of the walls of . the parlor in which
the daughters extended cordial greeting
to Mrs. Weed.' Side by side with the na
tional banner floated the emblems which
every daughter of the Confederacy holds
so dear. The proximity of the two ban
ners signified that it is one of the chief
alms of the loyal daughters of the Old
SoiJth to cement still stranger the ties
of national unity. The afternoon was
most delightfully passed with reminis
cences of the days of the. Confederacy and
of the times before the war.
Previous to the reception to President
General Mrs. Weed the regular annual
convention of the Daughters of the Con
federacy was held. Twelve delegates,
several of whom represented branches in
the southern part of the State, were pres
ent. The business before the convention
at its initial session was the election of
officers. The election resulted as follows:
The United Daughters of the Confeder
acy tendered a cordial reception yester
day, afternoon at 2111 California street to
their national president general, Mrs. E.
G. Weed, wife of Right' Rev. Bishop
Weed of Florida, who la attending the
Episcopal convention in this city. Almost
all the local Daughters of the Confederacy
and many delegates from the southern
part of the State took advantage of the
opportunity of paying their- respects to
their national officer.
COME TO CITY
TO DO MURDER
The Board of Supervisors adopted a res
olution yesterday showing the financial
condition of the city for the year 1901. The
total amount of the city's possessions is
said in the resolution to be $27,621,203, and
the assessed valuation of property for
taxable purposes is $413,099,993, with a tax
rate of $1.5jC2 per $100. Following is the
property estimate:
Parks, $12,000,000; Fire Department property.
$1,656,000: Police Department lots, fire alarm and
police telegraph apparatus for underground
system. $100,000; City Hall and other public
buildings, ?7.500,000; cemetery reservation. $580,- I
000; sundry lots, 1260,000; school lots, etc., ?5,415,
2C0.
An ordinance ordering the doing of!
street work on Fourteenth avenue, be
tween '\ and J streets; Potrero avenue,
between Twenty-iirst and Twenty-third
streets, and Greenwich street, between
Broderick and Devisadero streets, was re
ferred to the Street Committee.
To Accept Howard Street.
The bill ordering the repaving of Mis
sion street, from. Silver avenue to Onon
daga avenue; Fourth street, from Harri
son to Bryant; Stockton street, from Pa
cific to Union; Post street, from Leaven
worth to Hyde; Bush street, from Grant
avenue to Stockton street, and . Jackson
street, from Montgomery to Sansome,
was finally passed.
The proposed building ordinance was
referred to the joint Committee on Judi-'
clary and Building, that the protest of
the San Francisco chapter of architects
might be heard.
The resolution authorizing the Mayor to
appoint three experts to appraise the
value of the Bay View farm as a site for
a hospital wai referred to the Hospital
Committee. The same committee will con
sider a bill directing the clerk to adver
tise for bids on four acres of land in the
district named.
An ordinance was passed to print pro
viding for the full acceptance of Howard
street, from Nineteenth to Twenty-sec
ond; Mission street, from Twentieth to
Twenty-second; Laguna street. 4'rom Pa
cific avenue to Broadway; Washington
street, from Sansome to Battery, and Va
iencia street, from Market to Fifteenth.
The sum of $G57 50 was ordered paid to
T. J. Welsh for drawing plans for the
Howard-street engine-house.
i Various. Matters of Business.
The City Street Improvement Company
was granted an extension of forty-five
days in which to fulfill its contract for
the repaving of Fifth street, from Folsom
to Brannan. which has been delayed on
account of the strike.
The ordinance defining the mode of pro
cedure in changing grades of streets was
finally passed.
The bill authorizing the Registrar to
appoint a chief deputy and a head clerk,
at a salary of 5150 per month each, was
deferred one week, as only 1 twelve Super
visors were prer-ent.
i The bill empowering the Civil Service
Commission to employ a stenographer for
three months, nt $100 per month, was de
ferred for the same reason.
The offer of the Mechanics' Institute to
sell for $750,000 its Hayes street property
to the city as ?. site for the proposed Car
negie library was referred to the Commit
tee on Educajion.
The ordinance authorizing the Mayor to
lease the Sailors' Home to the Ladies'
Seamen's Friend Society for a period of
i three years at a nominal rental was final
lv passed.
The Bay City Athletic Club was granted
permission to hold an amateur boxing ex
hibition on October 22. A permit was also
granted to the San Francisco Athletic
Club for October 11.
There was preaching at the church, and
about 600 people gathered there. Just be
fore the 11 o'clock service began \u25a0 Tip
Chadwell went to the spring, fitty yams
from the church. Rush Morgan was at
the spring and began firing at Chadwell.
Both factions immediately gathered, and
the fight lasted half an hour.
Sheriff Jones Brook attempted to arrest
Asa Chadwell, who resisted. Both Brook
and Asa Chadwell are wounded.
The feud between the Morgans and
Chadwells has existed a long time. Last
Christmas they met at Walnut Hills. Va.,
where a pitched battle ensued, in which
several were killed. •
Eighteen mpnths ago they met near the
Hancock line. Fighting followed, and one
was killed. Both the Chadwells and Mor
gans are prosperous and influential. They
have large families and all their members
are fearless.
MIDDLESBORO, Ky., Oct. 7.— A report
reached here to-night by way of Taze
well, Tenn., that a second clash between
the Chadwell and Morgan factions had
occurred late this afternoon, but the story
is unconfirmed. At noon, when a horse
man arrived here from Ewinpr. Va.. five
miles from Big Springs, no more trouble
had occurred, although the feeling was at
tension. Both factions were barricaded in
their homes and were armed to the teeth.
Many believe that they are waiting for
darkness to renew the trouble. Two mem
bers of each faction came to Cumberland
Gap to-day and secured a large supply of
ammunition. * »
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Oct. 7.— In a
bloody fight at the Union Baptist Church
at "Big Springs, ,ten miles from Tazewell,
Tenn., yesterday, four men were killed,
two mortally wounded and three wounded
less sferiously.
The killed:
TIP AND JOHN F. CHADWELL.
. RUSH AND HENRY MORGAN.
Mortally wounded— John Morgan and
Asa Chadwell.
Wounded — Jones, leg broken;
Noble, llesh wound; Sheriff Brook, slight.
"Yes; prior to the shooting (May 26, I
think it was) I was called to his house
and found him sulterlng from delirium
tremens. I did not treat him then, but
later in the day gave him something to
quiet his nerves. When I returned a day
or two afterward he had recovered some
what from his delirium, but still talked
incoherently, He complained of pains in
the back of his head and between inter
vals of barking and yelling he would say.
'For God's sane, doctor, stop that pain
in the back of my head.' After a few
days he got over his Illusions about little
devils and became convalescent. I didn't
see him again until the Saturday before
the shooting."
"Describe what occurred on the Satur
day before the shooting."
"I should say his conduct was about tha
same as before, though the symptoms of
acute delirium had passed off somewhat.
I would say that he was then just deli
riously drunk. His language was Inco
herent, his eyes twitched and he had a
peculiar bark like a young dog."
"Did you have any conversation with
him then?"
"Yes; he talked a great deal. His pe
culiar lay was literature, of which he
thought he was a great critic. He thought
himself the peer of any living author — he
thought himself supreme as a litterateur.
He uteri to rail about what he called the
fallacies of 'The Christian,' By Hall
Caine. I was surprised that he considered
himself so capable."
Believes Adams Was Insane.
"From your observations of Mr. Adams
state whether you think he was sane or
insane at the time of the shooting of Dr.
Jessup."
"In my opinion he was decidedly la
sane."
After getting Dr. Rowell's opinion upon
Adams' sanity at the time of the shoot
ing, the attorneys for the defense brought
out from the witness that Dr. Jessup had
on several occasions made threats against
the person of Adams. This testimony the
prosecution was unable to break down on
cross-examination.
"Did you know Dr. Jessup well?" was
asked Dr. Rowell.
"Yes, I knew him quite well."
"Did you • ever have any conversation
with him in regard to Adams?"
"Yes."
"What was it?"
"Dr. Jessup said to me on the Sunday
before the shooting, while we were valk
ing from my office. 'This man has not any
gun; I'll go to his room and beat his
head off. The man's a bully, and
I mean to beat hla head off.' "
"What occurred before this conversa
tion you speak . of that should have led
Dr. Jessup to say those words?" asked
Deputy District Attorney Samuels on
cross-examination.
"Well. Dr. Jessup came running: out to
my buggy In the street one day and
said to me, 'You're the Health Officer of
this town, and If you don't do something
to settle this thing I'll settle it myself.
He's got to stop his abuse.' I toM him It
was not my prerogative to restrain In
sane or drunken people, but that I would
do everything I could to assist Adams"
family. Later when I saw him I told him
I would see District Attornev Allen and
take steps to have Adams confined. It
was then he said that Adams had no pis
tol. I then warned him to be careful, as
It was dangerous to interfere with an in
sane man."
"Did Adams ever say anything to you
about his drinking habits?"
"Yes; he said that he would quit drink
ing but for the pains in his head. He re
garded that necessity forcer! him to drinx
in order to relieve his pain."
Miss Agnes S. Adams .was on the wit
ness stand all morning and until late
this afternoon undergoing cross-examina
tion at the hands of the District Attorney.
The prosecution was unable to shake her
testimony, and nothing of interest was
brought out. When she left the stand
her father limped from his chair and ca
ressed her just before she resumed her
seat beside him. _^ f
Dr. H. M. Rowell. Health Officer of
Berkeley, was an important witness to
day in the Adam3 murder case. Dr. Row
ell not only asserted his belief that Ad
ams was. insane at the time of the shoot
ins, but bore out the theory of the de
fense that Adams shot Dr. Jessup In self
defense. He had warned Jessup that Ad
ams was insane and dangerous.
"Were you ever called . to attend Mr.
Adams professionally?" was asked of Dr.
Rowell.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 7.
This is Joseph Haworth's last week
here, and he has given us his best in
Hamlet. His distinguishing virtues find
in the role their highest exercise. Ham
let in his hands is a noble Dane, indeed.
The lines are given with marked beauty
of cadence and measure, the gestures are
sensitive and Impassioned and \u25a0 pictur
esque, and Mr. Ha worth has the happi
ness to look the sable-suited Hamlet most
admirably. A thought too virile" for the
lovable dreamer the conception is at
times, perhaps, but the emotional empha
sis is mostly subject to the nicest judg
ment and a finely truthful instinct. All
the poetry Is to be found in his reading,
too, the soliloquies in particular being
given with much grace, \u25a0 and altogether
for Mr. Haworth's work alone this "Ham
let" of the week is well worth seeing.
Perhaps Polonius, done by Hal de For
rest, was the next best thing in the cast
after. Hamlet. Mr. de Forrest painted a
passing good portrait of the garrulous
lord chamberlain and" fell admirably into
the picture. Mr. Mayall is not so well
cast this week as Laertes as- he was last
as Bassanio. It is a thin, unwilling Laer
tes, lacking life except in spots. Mr.
Mayall makes a better lover than brother.
Claudius is sleepily handled by Charles
Smiley, who takes his troublous concerns
o'er lightly. H. D. Byers and Aimar Ac
ton do good work with the first and sec
ond grave diggers' parts, and the ghost
act went off without disaster and with
the real thrill.
Miss Adele Belgarde, the clever Portia
of last week, .has neither the physique
nor accent for the distraught Ophelia,
though in the mad scene she was force
ful and even graceful, but it is "Oh, Wil
low, waly!" when she sings! Agnes
Maynard showoc. some power in the part
of the Queen of Denmark. The play is
effectively staged, will go more smoothly
to-night than last night and should ce*
tainly be seen.
There is a "Hamlet", down at the Grand
Opera-house this week that is well worth
seeing. It is "Hamlet"- with a Hamlet
that will live in worthy memory and a
performance that is througnout manced
oy atmosphere ana dignity, if not always
distinction. There were no disasters in
the cast, and the noble spirit of the play
teems to have lifted the players to their
highest level. • t
The two men eventually regained con
fidence In each other. Mr. Delmas re
leased the fjri.«p of his pistol and they
parted.
"Excuse me. lut this is no place to dis
cuss this matter." said Mr. Delmas. as
quietly as if he were simply talking on an
ordinary legal topic. "Don't you see we
will disturb the grucsts? Let us step out
side." he faid. with a wave of the hand
that was not encaged in grasping his pis
tol.
Gasson followed him outside to the cor
ridor.
"You can't draw any quicker than I
can. Delmas." he shouted.
Mr. Dtlmas i-till retained a cool de
meanor.
"Gasson. you are talking like a child,"
ho said.
The exclusive and subdued atmosphere
of the Palace yrlll was broken yesterday
iufternoon about 2 o'clock. D. M. Delmas.
the prominent attorney, and Colonel A.
Q. Gasson, the San Diego mining man and
politician, became involved in a heated
debate. The discussion became so tropi
cal that Mr. Delmas passed the lie to
Gasson, wlvch was resented. Mr. Del
mas, fearing that Gasson intended to as
sault him. reached in his hip pocket for
his revolver. Matters cooled down at this
clima* and the belligerents separated
after a few moments' more conversation.
The quarrel started over Mr. Delmas'
interests in the Golden Cross mine, lo
cated in San Diego Countv. The mine is
owned by the Golden Cross Mining Com
pany, ot which the Messrs. Hedges are
the principal owners. In is*7 this company
pave an option to the Free Gold Com
pany, which is composed of Colonel
rrumbo, Charles M. Shortridge and Jeff
Chandler, by -which, should the Free Gold
Company sell the mine, the Golden Cross
Mining: company was to receive one mil
lion dollars.
Mr. Delmas had an interest in both
the?e companies last spring. Colonel
Gasson called on Mr. Delmas in his office
one day and asked, him to put a
price on his interests, as both com
panies were desirous of selling their prop
erty. Mr. Delmas decided what his In
terests were worth, and so informed Gas
son.
afternoon Mr. Delmas met
Colonel Gasson as he was passing out of
the Palace grill after luncn. Gasson
stopped Mr. Delmas and began discuss
ing everyday topics. The conversation
eventually drifted to the subject of the
mine and Gasson said that Colonel Trum
bo, who was no longer receiver of the
mine, had not yet settled his accounts.
Gasson then accused Mr. Delmas of hav
ing made a demand for his money
whether the mine was sola or not. This
Mr. Delmas stoutly denied. He said that
he had not asked for the sum and would
not until the mine was sold. Gasson be
came more pereistant and Mr. Delmas
finally said that Gasson was a liar.
This aroused the Colonel's ire and he
dramatically began to square off for a
fistic bout. Mr. Delmas is a much smaller
man than Gasson and, like the well
known Southern attorney, the late Col
onel Calhoun Benham. who said "that a
pistol was the little instrument that ad
justed the matters between the little man
and a big man, and prevented the little
man from being kicked." he promptly
made a reach for his revolver in bis back
pocket.
The lecture was preceded by songs by
the Young Men's Christian Association
Quartet, specialties by William Hines and
a piano solo by Miss Katharine Madden.
Where that prevails their schools, are better
than where they have political jobbers or
where they put in the impoverished widows or
the impoverished daughters of widows simply
because they need the money. I have no sym
pathy with the feeling that charges too much
education. If every man and woman had a
college education and a professional training
there would always be plenty for him to do in
that line. I believe it should be part of our
education to teach loyalty, just as we should
be taught* respect for law and order. Every
educated man is law-abiding and loyal.
An uneducated man does not 'know what is'
going on or what the various movements In
the world signify. The educated man is brought
in contact with reality. The educated man
knows how to do things; to select, some few
things and learn how to do them well. It Is
the business of higher education to teach wis
dom and virtue and skill. Wisdom is know
ing what you ought to do next; virtue is Just
doing it, and skill is the ability to do it In
the best possible way. Education teaches these
things, gives wisdom, virtue and skill. "For
a man to have died who might have been wise
and was not," says Carlisle, "this I call a
tragedy." To go through life uneducated Is a
tragedy. I V -
The man who Is ignorant in the community
Is so much dead weight. If he can do some
thing pretty well he is, so far as that skill
goes, an educated man. The absolutely un
skilled laborer has no place in the communltj.
The whole community is interested in having
every child brought to some sort of skill, and
every child, rich or poor, ought to be some
kind of a laborer. There should be no place
in the community for any man or woman hav
ing nothing to do.
A voung man should so conduct himself from
day "to day that his future self shall have no
remorse. .. We should live so that our futura
selves can have nothing to reproach us with;
that is, keep clean and know the truth and
know the thing that needs doing. Keep your
body clean from drink, from any drug, from
vice, so that the older man will have a good
sound body to work with. Keep the nervous
system clean; the mind clean from poor jokes,
cheap music, cheap things of any kind. Treat
yourselves as a delicate child that you would
keep away from bad things.
Keep the soul clean from vice, from envy,
from impure thoughts, from anger. Keep from
misery. You have no right to be miserable
and gloomy. Know the truth. Knowledge
gives a man a higher class of pleasure. Do
the things that need doing. The educated man
is In some degree an antidote to the saloon.
In Germany every teacher- is, thoroughly
trained. -
Professor David Starr Jordan lectured
last evening at the auditorium of the
Young Men's Christian Association on the
"Importance of Educated Young Man
hoou." Mr. Jordan said in part:
The particular kind of truth that X am to
set forth to-night is that it is an advantage
to the community to have the men in the com
munity educated. There are a great many
reasons why a young man should educate him
self. He is worth a good deal more to him
self; the whole of your life must be spent in
your own company, and only the educated man
Is good company. If you have missed oppor
tunities in the past make up for lost time by
getting your education in the very, best way.
To educate yourself ' is to give yourself a
broader horizon so that you can better look
at the affairs of man.
Asserts Belief That Adams
Was Insane at Time
of Shooting.
Advises Young Men to Take
Advantage of Every
\u25a0 Opportunity.
Meet in Annual Convention
and Select New State
' Officers.
Ordinances Ordering Much
Street Work Finally
Passed.
Discussion Over Mining In-.
terests Ereaks Quiet of
Palace Grill
Herrmann Mystifies at the
California— Pine Bill
at the Alcazar.
Popping Revolvers Disturb
the Sabbath Quiet of
Big Springs.
Daughters of Confeder
acy Honor President
Mrs. "Weed.
Dr. Rowell Testifies in
Favor of Jessup's
Slayer.
Four Combatants Killed
and Several Fatally
'Wounded.
Production at Grand Op
era-House an Excel
lent One. \u25a0".-
Board It at Sum
of Nearly Thirty
Millions.
Attorney Eeaches for His
Pistol and Avoids .
Assault.
David Starr Jordan Dis
courses on Benefits
1 of Learning.
SELF-DEFENSE
PLEA UPHELD
TRIBUTE PAID
NOBLE W0MAN
CITY'S WALTH
PUT IN FIGURES
FIGHT TO DEATH
OUTSIDE CHURCH
DELMAS CALLS
GASSON'S BLUFF
IGNORANT MAN
HAS NO PLACE
HAWORTH PLAYS
HAMLET WELL
THE SAN JKAJNUiSCO CALL,' TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1901.
Burke Resigns His Office.
." William G. Burke. Deputy Warrant and
Bond \u25a0 Clerk, resigned his position yester
day to accept a more lucrative one with
a law firm. His successor has not yet
been named r by District Attorney By ing
ton.
A large audience enjoyed the new bill
at the Chutes last night. Wise and Mil
ton scored a big hit with their clever
comedy act, Richards and Relyea present
a novel acrobatic act and Mlle.-Lotty
appears in a series of new -poses. Other
good . numbers . are the Berlin Sisters, re
fined vocalists; Carter Brothers, contor
tionists, and the Carlson Sisters, clever
juveniles. A' series of new moving pict
ures,' including McKinley's funeral cor
tege at Washington, are also shown.
Chutes.
iWilliam Borrows, alias Charles Home,
who while under the Influence of mor
phine ran amuck at Market and Third
streets Saturday night and assaulted sev
eral ladies, was convicted by Judge Ca
banlss yesterday on the charge of dis
turbing the peace and sentenced to pay a
fine of $50, with the alternative of serving
tw«nty-flve days , In jail. , He I was later
booked on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon, the complaining witness
being G. H. Carson, 1015 Sbfty-third
street, Oakland, who alleges that Borrows
struck his sister-in-law, Susie Stafford, on
the mouth. The charge against Tnomaa
Reilly. arrested with Borrows, was dis
missed, as It was shown that he was
rather . trying to preserve the peace.
Brutal Morphine Fiend.
Henry F. Kredo, real estate 'agent, was
arrested yesterday by Detective Cody and
booked at the City Prison on the charge
of felony embezzlement preferred agalns;
him by Charles T. Henry of the Audubon
Hotel, 1105 Hyde street. Kxe.do is accused
of being an . accomplice* of Mrs. Minnie
Leslie, alias Ellis, alias Henry, house
keeper at the hotel, In selling the hotel
for $3500 to Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert while
Henry was in the East. The woman has
not yet been arrested. <
Kredo Placed Under Arrest.
Amateurs to Box.
Eight special matches between clever
amateurs will furnish sport for the spec
tator? at the San Francisco Athletic
Club's monthly exhibition next" ' Friday
night. The bouts will be brought off at
the club gymnasium on Sixth street. The
following boxers will try conclusions:
Rob Mitchel. V*. F. A. C, vs. Rob Ennis, S.
F. A. C. ; 125 poS^ds; four rounds.
Jack Cordell. S. F. A. C, vs. Jim Sharkey.
S. F. A. C. ; 126 pounds; four rounds.
Fred Smith. S. F. A. C, vs. Frank George.
S. F. A- C: 12S pounds; four rounds.
Charles Peterson. S. F. A. C. vs. Paul
Martin. S. F. A. C. ; 128 pounds; four rounds.
Bd Snider, S. F. A. C. vs. Fred Landers,
S. F. A. C. ; 130 pounds; four rounds. •
Charles Schmelter. S. F. A. C; vs. Tody
Everett. S. F. A.C. : 132 pounds; four rounds.
Fred Bell. S. F. A. C, vs. Honey O'Leary,
S. F. A. C. : 140 pounds; four rounds.
Cyclone Kelly, -S. F. A. C, vs. Tom Sears,
S. F. A. C; 154 pounds; four rounds
11
is compounded with the greatest
of care and contains nothing injur-
ious. It is a safe and reliable rem-
tdy for stomach complaints and
has a record of fifty years of cure
to its credit. Many prominent
physicians prescribe and recom-
mend it a> a cure for dyspepsia,
ind gestion, flatulency, belch-
ing-, nervousness and insomnia.
JTry it. The genuine must have
( our Private Die Stamp over the
neik of the bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B&RES AND
Sores and Ulcers never become chronic
unless the blood is in poor condition — is
sluggish, weak and -unable to threw off
the poisons that accumulate in it. The
system must be relieved of the unhealthy
matter through the sore, and great danger
to life would follov/ should it heal before
the blood has been made pure and healthy
and all impurities eliminated from the sys-
tem. S.S.S. begins the cure by first cleans-
ing and invigorating the blood, building
up the general health and removing from
the -system A QQKSTAH? DRAIN
SSI OPOH ?HE SYSTEM.
When this has been accomplished the dis-
charge gradually ceases, and the sore or
ulcer heals. It is the tendency of these old
indolent sores to grow worse and worse,
and eventually to destroy the bones. Local
applications, while soothing and to some
extent alleviate p=in, cannot reach the seat
of the trouble. S. S. S. does, and no matter
how apparently hopeless your condition,
even tliough your constitution has broken
down, it will bring relief when nothing
else can. It supplies the rich, pure blood
necessary to heal the sore and nourish
the debilitated, diseased body.
\u25a0 Mr. J. E. Talbcrt, I,oc!c Cox 245,Winoaa, Mis*.,
says: , "Six years ago iny leg from the knee to
the foot V7C3 one solid sore. Several physicians
treated r.s and I made two trips to Hot Springs,
but found no relief. I vras induced to try S. S. S ,
and it made a complete cure. I have been a per-
fectly well man ever since."
va^N Cav"^ vbT^ etable blood purifier
known — contains no
twfw Ibsfll &VJs) poisonous minerals to
<3gjg7 >3532P ruin the digestion and
add to, rather than relieve your suffer-
ings. If your flesh docs not heal readily
when scratched, bruised or cat, your blood
is in bad condition, and any ordinary sore
is apt to beccrne chronic.
Send for our free book and write ou^
physicians about your case. We make nc
charge for this service.
THE SWirf SPEC3F13 CO* ATLANTA, OJu . .THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1901.
12
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
SURVEYOR with experience wishes position
as surveyor or assistant. Box 514, Call office.
COLLEGE student would like position with
architect to learn draughting. Box 1010, Call.
WISH place as cook in boarding-house or in-
stitution In the city. Address CHEE & LING.
20 Prospect place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
EXCHANGE. -
SHIP owners — Exchange $8000" equity city front
property f/ir small steamboat. P. O. box 473,
.' Santa Cruz. • • ' \u25a0. ' \u25a0 - \u25a0'
financial:
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St. '
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
-have 42 offices in operation-, new method of
plncing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; "stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
$32 50—726 Shrader St., near Halght; brand new
upper flat of 6 rooms and bath; never occu-
pied; handsomely tinted and decorated;
plenty of light and sun; select neighborhood.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
A— SUNNY new flat of 7 rooms; open plumb-
ing: reduced rent. 2414 Van Ness ave., near
Union st. . . - . -
A— $10— SUNNY bay window flat; 3 rooms, yard.
821 Valencia St., near Nineteenth, third floor.
MODERN flat, S rooms; large closets, stable
4 stalls; $27. 377 Shotwell at. ;
NEW sunny lower flat, 7 rooms; modern, up-to-
date. See 1 to 5 daily, Van Ness and Union.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay wln-
dow; middle: modern. Key 417% Third st.
$25— NEW 7-room upper flat, yard, basement,
inclosed porch. 4008 Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
FLATS WASTED.
FLAT 5 or 6 rooms and bath; north of Market;
good tenants; state terms. Box 1063, Call.
SUNNY furnished flat or small 2-story house;
no less than 7 rooms. F. G., 1417 Post St.
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER," 128-130 Hayes, nr. V. Ness
— Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FVRMTL'RE FOR SALE.
$17 50 — SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oalt chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
3000 YARDS carpet; leather library set, 5 pieces,
cost $125. D. GREENWALT, 708 Valencia st.'
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission et., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard st.,
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before . selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market-
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAITED— FEMALE.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...;. Phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Madera, fare paid $20
2 waitresses, city $25
8 waitresses $20 and $25
Chambermaid $17 50
3 chambermaids to wait : $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks. $25 to $30;- cook, $30; housegirl, $25;
many other choice places
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Good cook, 4 in family, $35; 4 cook's,
small washing, $30; cook, ranch, short dis-
tance, $25; chambermaid and sewing, $25;
boarding-house cook. $30; French nurse. 2
children, $25; 6 hotel waitresses, $20; 3 lunch
waitresses, 50c; restaurant waitresses, $7-$8
week; 4 cooks for Alameda; 44 girls for all
kinds of housework. $20, $25, $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
ANDRE'S Employment Office, 316 Stockton st.—
Infant's nurse, city, references, $25; second
and sewing, $25; waitress and parlormaid, $25;
1 American cook, country, $35; chambermaid,
hotel, $20; German cooks. $30 and $35; cham-
bermaid and seamstress, country, $25.
A German cook, choice place, 1 lady, $25, sec-
ond girl kept. SIRS. LAMBERT. 41S Powell.
A German cook. $40 to $45, city. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 41S. Powell £t ;
CANVASSERS in Oakland, Alameda, San Jose,
San Mateo, Stockton for a book everybody
wants; young ladies preferred; $2 50 per day
guaranteed; commisslons.'Address The Golden
Gate Book Agency, 239 Powell St., room 30.
4 ACTIVE, Intelligent young ladles of good
presence to canvass for the most salable
book on the market; outfits free; $2 50 per
day guaranteed; commissions. Room 30, 23S
Powell st.. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
A COMPETENT clrl for cooking and house-
work In a family of adults; also girl for
second work and sewins; one must sleep at
home. Call at 1032 Broadway, near Jones St.,
Tuesday or Thursday, between 10 and 12 a,
m. ; carfare paid.
WANTED— A strong young woman for general
housework and plain cooking; wages $25. 2610
Howard St., near Twenty-third.
2 FUR machine operators; 4 women for lining
garments; liberal wages to competent people.
. Apply ROBERT WALLACE, 219 Grant ave.
WANTED— First-class office stenographer and
typewriter ;. easy hours; compensation satis-
factory. Box 1040, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer for large com-
mercial house; state education and experience.
Box 1073. Call office. .
WANTED— Finishers on cloaks; also good
hands on skirts; good wages and steady work.
40 Ellis st., rooms 33-34. \u25a0
SALESLADY wanted, for fancy goods store;
must have experience and reference. Box
1011. Call office. '
COMPETENT woman for country; light house-
work; care' of 2 children; references; $20.
Call 1255 Octavla st. \u25a0
WANTED— Operators on pants. Apply at fac-
tory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st.
GIRL for light housework, plain cooking; small
familyr good wages.- 776 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl for housework: 3 in family; wage?
$15. 2112 Green St.. after 8 a, m. .
NEAT girl ;• general housework; call 9 to 13.
2154, Sutter st.. ..* .
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on ladles' gar-
ments. Apply 22 Grant ave. \u25a0 .
GERMAN girl for general housework. Apply
2931 Pierce St., near Union.
3 STEADY lunch waiters; call early. 39 Mar-
ket st. * .
WANTED— Reliable girl; cook and housework;
' $15; small family. 2400 Bush st.
YOUNG girl to assist in- housekeeping; refer-
ences; good home; $10. Call 2715 Pine St. — ;
WANTED— Girl for cooking and housework.
1710 Geary st., near Webster.
GOOD hands on vests; also an apprentice.
G4U4 Stevenson st.
DRESSMAKER help; also apprentice wanted.
1207% Bush st. » . \u25a0
DRESSMAKERS wanted. 121 Post St., rooms
43 and 44. " \u25a0 '
YOUNG girl; competent for general housework;
good wages; 8 to 12. 213 Broderick st.
GIRLS that can make either paper bags, en-
velopes or boxes; good pay. \u25a0 16 Fremont st.
OPERATORS on children's coats. 656 Mission
st., fourth -floor.
WANTED — Girls; experienced' bookbinders.
THE STUPARICH MFG. CO., 141-147 Fre-
mont st., San Francisco.
OPERATORS to work In factory. 656 Mission
St., fourth floor. •
WANTED— Girl to do housework in family of
three. : 2512 California st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt and alteration hands want-
ed; good wages. 1220 Market st.
GIRL for general housework. 1438 Page st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladles' tailor coats
A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny. st. ...:\u25a0\u25a0
WANTED— Woman for general housework In
Sonoma; $20. Apply 320 Ellis St.. bet. 9 and 12.
WAIST and skirt hands for dressmaking. 121
Post st.. room 49. •
WANTED— A neat German girl for bakery. 10S
Ninth st. - . i .
TAILORESS wanted; also female apprentice.
220 McAllister st .
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands wanted. 706 Sut-
ter st.-- . ' \u25a0 - ..
HELP WAJfTEP— FE3IALE— Con.^
WANTED — An apprentice girl. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market st.
GIRL to take care of two grown children and
sewing, wages $20. 1909 Van Ness ave.
APPRENTICE girl with some experience on
flne coats. 410 Kearney St.. room 23.
AN experienced apprentice on custom coats or
young gfrl to learn. 724# Market St., room 27.
A young girl for upstairs work, good wagea.
1207 Gough st. \u25a0
GIRL, general housework, small family, refer-
ences. wages $20." 1634 Fell st.
WANTED— Chambermaid. Manhattan House,
825 Battery st. '
WANTED — Two first-class waitresses. 615
Taylor st. •
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 548 Broderick St., near Hayes.
NOON waitress. 1 511 Brannan st.; call early;
no Sunday work.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt finishers: good
pay; steady work. ' DANZIGER, 237 Powell.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant waitress wanted ;
good pay. 631 Clay st. .
WANTED — Hands for dressmaking; good
place. Columbia. 1022 Market st. .
APPRENTICE for dressmaking, also ' good
seamstress. Sp'g Val. bldg., r. 129, 135 Geary-
YOUNG lady of musical ability with $200 to
join experienced actor; references given; sat-
isfaction guaranteed. Box 1056, Call.
BUTTON-HOLE maker, custom coats; good
wages; steady work. 927 Market, room 623.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; need
- not cook. 1S31 Eddy st.
GIRL, German preferred, for ' small family.
1663 Post Et.
XEAT, respectable German girl: general house-
work; plain cooking; wages $20. Sol Fulton st.
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook;
1 in family; references. 2225 Pacific ave.
NEAT young girl to assist with housework;
good home. Apply 635 Guerrero st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work.
858 Howard St.. over handball court.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory. 3?yi
Fremont St.; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MR.' DAVIS.
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching and
manicuring taught in two weeks; entire
course, $5; positions waiting for graduates to
fill evening classes. S. F. COLLEGE. 143
Stockton st., room 15.
EXPERIENCED operators . on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts. | . '
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker; good pay;
steady work. BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on lady's skirts, waists,
tennis gowns, etc.; take work- home. H.
FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st.
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
waists and wrappers; steady work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mkt.
EXPERIENCED operators on negligee shirts; i
steady work; best prices. LOWENBERG &
CO.. 27 JESSIE ST..- 6th floor. '
WANTED — Lady canvassers for music novelty;
big money. Call room 40, Acad. Sciences big.
BANDERS and binders and makers. CARSON
GLOVE CO., 35 Market st. \u25a0_
WANTED— Refined 'woman past 30 for respon-
sible position. Box 1022, Call office.
MACHINE operators and hand sewers. Cali-
fornia Hat Company, 697 Mission st.
FINISHER on pants; good wages; steady work.
736 Minna st. ; .also apprentice.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt finishers; good
pay; steady work. DANZIGER. 237 Powell.
OPERATORS on overalls. 9 Hill St., between
.Twenty-first and Twenty-second sts.
WANTED— Three young girls to work In lodg-
ing house. Apply 442 Pacific st.
FINISHERS on ladies' tailor jackets. LOW-
ENTHAL'S. 914 Market st. '
GIRLS to put up perfumes] $3 per week; refer-
ences. Box 723, Call office.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
HELP \VA\TED— MALE.
WANTED — Steward for restaurant, going
wages, must be first class; 2 checkers for
restaurant, young men who live with their
parents and willing to learn restaurant busi-
ness will do, good salary for inexperience;
storeroom oorter for restaurant, $6; 4 wait-
ers for restaurant, $11 a week; cook for ho-
tel, $50; cook, restaurant, $12 a week; hotel
butcher, $35; broiler, $10 a week; cook, coun-
try, i40; baker, country, $50; 6 waiters. $25
and $30: 6 dishwashers, $25 and $30. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
3 TEAMSTERS for lumber company, ?2 30 day,
fare advanced: 50 teamsters for city ' and
country, $2 and $2 25 day; 4 milkers, $30 and
$35; man handy with tools for ranch, $40 and
board; choreman, $20 and found; butter-
maker. $30 and found : man about place. $25
and found; driver for milk; wagon, $25 and
found; boys for store and factory, $4 to $6
week: linemen for donkey engine; machine
men for country mills, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 403.
Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH -. UKIAH
FREE FARE
50 railroad teamsters for Ukiah $2 to $2 25
50 laborers for Ukiah- $2 per day
10 quarrymen, country $2 per day
6 lumber pliers, country $2 per day
6 quarrymen $1 50 per day and board
10 teamsters, city $2 per day
10 teamsters, city $1 25 per day and board
15 laborers, new job near city....... $2 per day
20 laborers for quarry....... $2 to $2 50 per day
Man to make beds and care for linen, large
rooming-house, city $35 per mo. and room
20 laborers $2 25 per day
20 rock drillers .' ?2 50 per day
10 tunnelmen $3 per day
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St. — Cook, coun-
try hotel, $40 to $50; night cook, $40; waiter,
nice country hotel, $30; young man with some
experience as waiter, country, $30; two wait-
ers, city, $40: dishwasher, $25; young man
handy with horses and team on a ranch, $1
a day, steady; gardener, $30; choreman. nur-
sery, $20: Catholic attendant for boys' col-
lege, $15 and f d.
A— W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.— Baker,
country shop, $50 and fd.; cook, country ho-
tel, $45; cook for boat, $40; driver, milk wa-
gon, $40: farmer and blacksmi thine-, $26;
teamster, city, $2 a day; laborer for foun-
dry, $1 75 a day; cook for ranch, $30; eleva-
tor, boy, city, $12 and fd.
BOSS BARBERS. ATTENTION!
There will be a special meeting of the Master
Barbers' Association of San Francisco at 102
O'Farrell St., Tuesday evening, October 8. at
9 o'clock, to consider and discuss matters of
• Interest to every boss barber of San Fran-
cisco who employs one or more men.
Your welfare Is concerned, so do not fail to
be present. S. HELLER.
Secretary Master Barbers' Association.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LEFS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
TV ANTED — A smart young man. 20 to 25 years
of age, to act as shipping clerk In lumber of-
fice. Apply in own handwriting, stating ex-
perience and wages expected, box 1071. Call.
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors:
non-union: no office fees. MECHANICS'
REGISTRATION BUREAU, 410 Kearny, r. 24.
WANTED— A bright boy between 16 and 18
years old for office work. Address In own
handwriting, "A. W. C, box 1076, Call office.
$100 — 'WOMAN wants steady man for partner
in cigar stand; full value for the money will
be -given. 257 Fourth st., corner Folsom.
WANTED— Errand boys, not under 15 years of
age. Apply NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO. 123
Satter st.
WANTED— Young men. not over 20 years of
age, to learn crockery business. Apply
NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. It2 Sutter gt.
BOY wanted. 16 years old; one preferred who
has worked in a clothing store; Tefs. required
Golden Eagle Clothing Store. 104 Kearny st!
WANTED— 2 young men with , experience at
carriage palntinsr. Apply J MIBACH &
STRAUSS. 933 Brannan St., near Ninth.
WANTED— A good, honest night steward and
cashier: must have first-class references -
wages $10 per week. 38 Fourth st. *
WANTED— A clothing salesman; one who un-
derstands card writing; state salary expected
Address box 1095, Call office.
WANTED— 2 first-class coatmakers. i Apply to
M. J. KELLER CO., 1157-50 Washington st
Oakland. -» .
DRUG clerk: student with experience* after-
noons; reference. Box 1034, Call.
JOB press feeder wanted. 522 Market st.
BOY with experience In bakery; $15 and fd
1515 Devlsadero St.. near Geary.
FOR sale cheat) — 2-chalr shop In country do-
ing good business. Box .1039, Call.
FIRST-CLASS tailors wanted on ladles' -rar-
ments. Apply 22 Grant ave. '
GOOD errand boy wanted. Apply 22 Grant
HELP WASTCn~^.AT.T% r .<>ii.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5Si3
Leading Employment an Labor Agents.
OFFICE OPEN 7 A.M. TO-DAY
.....UKIAH, UKIAH
UKIAH UKIAH
.- C N. W. R R
UKIAH UKIAH
UKIAH UKIAH...^."
FREE FARE FREE
We Ship To-lay
50 teamsters Ukial. Free fare
60 laborers ....Ukia» Free fare
25 men. steel, rock and ba'ast gangs
WE SHIP TO-D.£y FREE
\u2666Carpenter for a mine to $W
Brick mason's helper, mine... •\u2666'•»
Bench hand. $3 day; furnace nan for a mine.
$65; carpenter's helper, city. $2 day; handy
man, repair stoves, etc. covntry store -.--
SAWMILLS.... CROSSCUT SAWYERS
10 more laborers, no experience required, to
-work in mills, yards and **)ds, large saw-
mill company. $35 to $35 an< found
5 laborers, woods, San Mater County, no ex-
perience required ...$30 and found
5 laborers, mills and yards, Sonoma County
..$30 and found
5 crosscut sawyers ,..$45 and found
LABORERS - TEAMSTERS
10 laborers; no experience required; for a
large company near city $42 and found
5 laborers, city..... W
5 laborers; no experience: faci*y w'k.H 73 day
10 2 and 4 horse teamsters.. $2 and J2 23 day
5 sand teamsters, city $12 week
12 teamsters, different places, city
$12 and $15 week, £2 50 and found
5 muckers, $75; laborers, sma;i mine, $30.
MISCELLANEOUS. ••
FARMS DAIRIES
7 teamsters, different ranches $28 and $30
15 farm and orchard hands ..$26 and $a>
5 milkers, $25. $30 and $33; 3 choremen, $25
milk wagon drivers -V& and 120
2 young men, work In machine »hop..$l 50 day
3 stablemen, buggy" washers and hostlers;
\u25a0 choreman and -wife $45 and founa
Man and wife, small institution. \u25a0
HOTEL DEPARTMENT •••
Cook, near city, $40; baker, country shop, f«
and found; sausage maker, $13 week; dish-
washer. Institution, $25; bus driver, small
country hotel, $20 and found; camp waiter.
$20; beef lugger. $2 25 day; 2 butchers; 9
waiters, country hotels, $30; 3 porters; 5 dish-
washers and kitchen hands; 3 waiters, same
country hotel; S cooks, different places.
MURRAY & READY 634-638 Clay St.
WANTED— An experienced sheepskin glove cut-
ter; steady employment. Apply 511H Gough
St.. in rear.
EXTRA waiter wanted. • Oregon Restaurant.
62 Bryant st.
BOY to pack extracts; $4 50 per week. PAUl*
RIEGER. 141 First St.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 1406 Pote st. .
BOY wanted for law office; state axe. Box
1041. CalL
BLACKSMITH helper wanted. 217 Ellis st.
TINNERS wanted: steady work, i Call at CJ
Mason St.. from 1 to 2 o'clock.
"WANTED— Boy to run electric elevator. Ad-
dress box 1031, Call.
WANTED— Cooks, broilers, waiters, dlshwaah
ers: also experienced restaurant steward; no
fee. 127 Mason St.
BOY wanted as porter; experience onneces-
sary. 13 Eddy st. •
GOOD clothing man for the country, between
.8 and 9 a. m. 82S Kearny at-
WANTED— Sheet metai workers. LEWIS E.
SPEAR CO.. 37 Market st.
WANTED— Barber: steady Job to the right
man. 252 Ellis st.
SALESMAN on gloves for the north; state ex-
perlence. etc. Box 1074. Call office. .
DISHWASHER and lunch waiter wanted at »
Drumm st. ; no Sunday work.
WANTED— Errand boy; call early. 117 Russ st.
WANTED — A boy to work in a merchant
tailor's store. Box 1038, Call office.
BRIGHT boy wanted] 9 Hill st^ between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing; weekly
wases. 791 Mission st.
A BARBER wanted to take charge of shop.
521 Eighth st.
DISHWASHER wanted. 810 Kearny st!
YOUNG man to work in bakery — learn tte
trade. 336 3d st
WANTED— Waiter for small restaurant. 103
Hayes st. Call early.
DISHWASHER wanted— Troy Hotel. 5C6 20th
st.
WANTED— 6 good teamsters. Apply to J.
O'SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
BOY wanted. 25 Geary St.. room 5.
A WAITER at 19 Powell st.
YOUNG man to help along in a cake bakery:
must have some experience. 911% Larkin st.
GORDON press feeder wanted. Jalensteln
Printing Co., 310 Haye3 st.. near Franklin.
! TAILOR wanted; come ready to work. 229
McAllister st.
| =zz
BOOTBLA'CK wanted at 1905 FIHmore st.
1 MAN cook wanted. East Lake Hotel, corner
Bay and Webster sts.
CANDYMAKER; Eastern man preferred. Box
1014, Call office.
ERRAND boy for tailor shop, $2 50 per week.
1 858 Howard St.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
ERRAND boy residing with parents. Apply at
8 o'clock. Sievers & Boland, 25 Post.
WANTED— Second waiter. Call early. New
Golden Gate Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
WANTED— Five first-class coatmakers. T.
BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
MEN WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
CARPENTERS.
PILEDRIVER HANDS.
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEN.
All applications for work received at
Room No. 15 No. 4 California st.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS Kit*
PLOYERS* ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic, Gulf and" Pacific Co..
California Bridge and Construction Cot,
City Street Improvement Co.,
Cotton Bros. & Co..
Dundon Bridge and Construction Co.
Healey. Tibbitts & Co.. * \u25a0
Hyde Construction Co.,
Darby Laydon & Co.,
J. A. McMahon,
Pacific Construction Co., • •
Thomson Bridge Co..
Robt. Wakefleld.
WANTED-Stevedores, seamen, firemen coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer l>ing alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference In future Ad-
Ply to Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Broadway wharf. San Francisco.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. B. & A L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Am-
ador c ° untv - £ aL: wages for 2-norse team-
s i ers ' . J I.F er day: wa « e » for 4-horse team-
ster3. $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
WANTED— Steady young man of one year's ex-
perience In barber business. Call or address
Thusa Block Barber Shop, Los Gatoa, Cal.
2 FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors for Los An-
gelea; best pay. DAXZIGER. 237 Powell st.
BARBER, middle-aged gent: good home and
wages; steady. 1546 Park St.. Alameda.
WANTED— Upholsterers on flrst-class work Tt
40 Ellis st. C. HEYNERT.
TO tailors* assistants — Salesman wanted: must
be acquainted with the business. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. ra. to CHAS. LYONS. Lon-
don Tailor. 721 Market st •
WANTED — Boys and young men to learn to
operate sewing machines at GREENEBAUM.
WEIL & MICHELS- factory. 531 Mission st.
WANTED— Flrst-class bushelman! Apply 8. \
N. WOOD & CO.. 713 Market st. |
WANTED — Baaters on coats. Apply at factory
ot 8. X. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
C^TT your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
.To 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WAJJTER — "Watchmaker for city store; open
evenings. Box 573. Call office.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine coorps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over S feet 1
Inch: able to speak ar.d read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. .San Francisco.
10C0 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to 'work on ditch line belne
constructed for the Sweepstake Minintr Co
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply o'n
work: steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francis ;o Construction
Co.. 2C Montgomery st-.- room 25. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
BOYS wanted to carry telegrams; good wages
Delivery Department Western Union Tel*-
graph Company. 300 Montgomery st.
"WANTED— Brass bedstead makers A MKRLB
COMPANY. 517-513 Missloa »t Ja^«*—
BDECATIOgAL—Continned.
MERRILL^ MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
. ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
Cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinist, etc.. for amateur, orches-
> tra. S. F. Conservatory. 301 Jones st.
Chicago Business College, 1433 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman sh^jthand. typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guilar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage: 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-House for clr-
.' cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting
PROF. U MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class.. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
. founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free, y .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMl'LOVJIEST OFFICES.
JAi?A3?Esir'anT~15h^^
cooks, waiters", and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. . 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
. nese help. 426 ,Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT \\ ANTED — FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wishes position; Is a good
cook; will do small washing; best of city and
country references; no objection to country.
Address 746 Mission st. _., • \u25a0
A SWISS girl wants a situation for second
work and waiting at table; wagea $25; call
from i to 6. 731 Thirteenth st. near Filjmore.
COMPETENT woman wants housework; is
good cook and laundress; city or country. 214
Fifth st.. near Howard. ' ,
LADY as companion; will take care of invalid;
assist light housework. Box 1035, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation in the
country. Box 1038, Call office.
A— SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
housework. 1209B Florida st., nr. 24th.
ELDERLY woman wishes a situation to do
cooking and downstairs work in small family;
no objection to short distance in country. Ad-
dress 1030 Clay st,, bet. Mason and Powell.
A RELIABLE nurse for one or two children;
can read nicely; can. wait .on a lady; $20;
first-class references. Apply 7 Van Ness ave.
EXPERIENCED waitress and chambermaid
would like situation in plain country hotel;
$15 a month and board of 7*year-old child.
Address P. O. box 452, Hay wards, Cal.
SITUATION wanted in private family by com-
petent colored man and wife. Call at 253
Jessie st. near Fourth.
A REFINED woman wants position as assist-
ant bookkeeper or in stationery or book store;
• references. Box 1094, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a place taking care. of chil-
dren or second work. Call at Winchester
Hotel, room 47.
YOUNG Danish girl wishes to assist In house-
work and cooking; no objection to children.
37 Stanley place near Bryant St., between
First and Second: j
A German girl desires housekeeper's position or
cook for men, country. MRS. LAMBERT,
418 Powell st, telephone Main 5332.
— — — — . — —
A young girl wishes waitress place In restau-
rant: not very much experience. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 418 Powell St.. telephone Main 5332.
DRESSMAKER of high ability and experience,
perfect fitter, designer and trimmer, gowns
renovated, latest styles, $1.50 per day In fam-
llies. Address J. P. BOSE, 10S2 Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day as laundress
or housecleanlng. Call 418 Larkin st.
POSITION wanted by a competent girl for up-
. stairs work and waiting. 271 Clementina st*
A REFINED, educated young woman would
like position as housekeeper or lady's com-
panion; -experience with sickness; references.
Address box 1097, Call office.
A SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation at
general housework'. 149^4 Silver st.
PLAIN sewing and mending. E02 O'Farrell st,
corner Jones, room 4. - y
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to-do light
housework; wages no object; no postals. 3C3
Linden ave. .
WOMAN wishes work by the. day: $1 and car-
fare. Call 40A West Mission st.
A SITUATION as cook or will do general
housework. 8S7 Willow st., Oakland. . •
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl as cham-
bermaid and seamstress in private family.
Call at 605 Fell st.
COOK wishes work in a smay family In coun-
try. 748 Howard st.
YOUNG German woman wants cooking and
light housework; very neat. Call at 1 Polk.
YOUNG lady graduate of Heald's Business Col-
lege wishes position as bookkeeper and type-
writer (no shorthand); wages no object. Ad-
dress G. HARRISON, 10^ Patton st.
REFINED young woman, fond of children,
would like position as housekeeper. Address
box 715. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes position as cook
(American or German): flrst-class references;
wages $35. Box 589. Call office. \u25a0
JAPANESE, honest and faithful girl, with ref-
erence, wishes situation to help cook and
do housework In the city; small family.
Box 1070, Call office. •
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; tree
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
\u25a0 Valencia st. -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
MECHANIC, flrst-class vise hand for small
accurate work, expert • filer, best references,
seeks employment. Box 1036, Call office.
SITUATION by young man as coachman and
gardener; can milk; handy with tools. Box
1072, Call office. ' \u25a0 '
YOUNG German with some experience desires
position in grocery or hotel. C. P., 201 Mont-
gomery ave. >\ . /
GROCERY or gent's furnishings; situation
wanted by experienced young man; inside
work; state waxes. Box 1043, Call office.
WATCHMAN of experience wants work; city
or country; highest references. Box 1045, Call.
POSITION after Bchool hours and Saturdays by
student. Box 1069. Call office. \u25a0 ,
YOUNG married man wishes position In coun-
try or city aa plumber and tinner; 8 years'
experience. Box 1068. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; steady and flne all-round man; very
best references and personal from last em-
. ployer. Address this week. M. M.. 221 Sixth.
MAN familiar with the city wants to drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 1096, Call.
WANTED— Steady Job by man not afraid of
' work; knows city well; can furnish best ref-
erences. Box 1058, Call. '
WANTED— Position before and af tet school
hours by medical student. Box 1057. Call.
STEADY, sober industrious man with good
references wishes permanent employment In
institution or with a company as watchman
or any other position where he can be use-
ful; is handy with any kind of tools; good ac-
countant; not afraid of work. Box 1015, Call.
GENTLEMAN owning his horse and buggy de-
sires position with responsible firm soliciting
or collecting; references and bonds furnished.
Address J. B. S.. box 559, Call office.
YOUNG man (24), experienced ' stenographer,
typewriter and office man. wants position;
refs.; personal interview solicited. Box 590,
Call Office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, city references,
• wishes position;, city or country.- • F. A. C,
j 207 Powell st. - . • ' \u25a0 •
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman; accustomed
- to flee trade; had business of his own. Box
1054., Call office. .
MAN and wife, competent, reliable, desire to
take charge of private place In country. Box
658. Call office;
ASSAYER and mining engineer open to an en-
gagement; • experienced;* references. E. S.,
box 579. Call office. . , :
RELIABLE man wants position as porter in
commission house; best of reference; can fur-
nish security bond If necessary. . Box 533, Call.
A GENTLEMAN, honest, reliable, with, beet
reference, wants collecting to do. Box 546,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work by the day. CHARLIE, 20 Prospect
| place.
'rti'ytvTr.s* r*?i \tf;s — rnn<i"i«<i.
FOR~sale^in San Jose, one-half interest In a
paying livery ttable. best located in the
city; has 30 regular boarders; sickness of
one of partners is only reason lor- selling;
remaining paitncr is No. 1 man: will bear
the closest investigation and investigation
invited. For further particulars call or ad-
drcs=s J. K. CHACE, 54 North First St.. San
Jcse, Cal.
BAKER ar.d confectioner with a flne plant,
rtore on business street, team and route, de-
sires partner who understands bread baking
or delivery; ?1000 required; fine opportunity
for right man. Apply" 632 Market Et., room 2i\
A— $190— BEAUTIFUL M3rkct-st. cigar stand,
netting J2 SO daily: sacrificed: account
rheumatism. Ask HEDGES BROS.. 410 Par-
rott building.
$425— PARTNER in fine faloon; select business
location; could net be better; a grand open- !
ing for a steady man; not necessary to have j
ail the money. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
$15 PER month; best and oldest blacksmith I
shop in California; everything complete; I
work all year around; good chance for live I
man. Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine St.
WANTED— Developed or undeveloped coal, cop-
per, golt!; nickel, nitre, cinanbar. borax and
salt properties fcr cash. ORRIN H. SAVAGE,
127 Montgomery st.
;i3tO — OLD established hack business; 3 hacks,
4 horses and harness: cheap rent; doing good
business; niu&t be ecld at once, on account I
of sickness. G. C. YOUNG, Petaluma f 'Cal. j
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa Cruz;
price $1200.
J200 AND }350— Fine opportunity to Invest In
established blacksimth business: price in each
case covers Ftock. tools and good-will. Ad-
,<1reM box 2S3. Call otflce.
A fcNAP— Lunch counter; doing a good busi-
ness; cheap; no bonus; good reason for nell-
lng. Box 532. Call office.
SALOON for sale— On account of sickness of
owner; good trade. Apply to GEO. D.
SHEARER & CO.. San Rafael. Cal.
DELICATESSEN; established several years;
paying monthly profit of $250; will teach buyer
business: price 11500. Box 1002, Call office.
SALOON, wholesale district; must be sold on
account of sickness; $1800. Box 1028, Call.
FOR sale — Restaurant. 416 Third street.
FOR Sale— Candy store, icecream and tamale
parlor; -3 living rooms. 1506 Howard st.
WANTED — Good butcher to rent an old estab.
paying shop. Cor. Geary and Devlsadero. ,-
FOR SALE— A good paying restaurant. Apply
210 Tcwnsend St., near Third.
ST>0 — BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, laundry,
suitable for lady. 437 Fulton st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap; outfit good. Ap-
ply at 9 Drumm st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGIXG-KUUSES FOR SALE.
DECKER'S OFFICE, ESTAB. 27 YEARS, IS
HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
j IN LODGING-HOUSES
! HOTELS, FLATS
, AND PRIVATE HOMES .-•
\u25a0 ALL SIZES AND PRICES
8 rooms on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 300? \u25a0
12 rooms; large yard 1500 \u25a0
17 rooms; transient : 1050
40 rooms; boarding 5000 !
9 rooms; One location 125
Boarding-house: 9 rooms 650 ]
; 17 rooms; fine corner 1350 i
60 rooms; apartment house 4203
7-room flat on McAllister 225
8 rooms; corner; fine yard 350
10 rooms: new; e-legant: clears $150 1500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
19 rooms on one floor 900
8 rooms; flne yard : 350
10-room house; fine location '. 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms: clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
IS rooms; on Sixth st.: clears $S0 800
24 rooms; on Market st. : clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; just like home 1300 j
10 rooms; on Mason st.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms: $600 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room workingman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 "rooms; grand halls: fine income 2600
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 600
20 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1000
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 150C
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms; modern; clears $250 4000
12 rooms; Turk St.; all rented 323
,CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 4b0
24 rooms: Geary St.; payments.- 1900
15 rooms; Sutter st. ; central 600
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt. cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A. CAMERON & CO..
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
44 r. ; rent $120; good fur. and carp.;
apartments $3000
26 r. ; rent $90; cor.; elegant fur 3000
19 r. : rent $75; Al location; pays well 1200
18 r. ; rent $55; oak & wain, fur.; clears $60 800
15 r. ; rent $60; good fur. and. carpets &50
14 r. ; rent $40; oak fur.; boarders; good.. 1000
12 r.; rent $65; cor.; Al loc: clears $32.. 900
10 r. : rent $35; partly furnished 400
8 r. ; rent $40; Fillmore; 2 flats; oak fur.. 350
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market et., rms. 1 & 2.
Office near Call building.
Business is booming — he has 4 salesmen.
He has money to loan — payable mo. or yearly.
Every day he gets from 5 to 10 new houses.
Call for free list: see these samples:
9 rms.; central; full; rent $28; % cash."... $200
10 rms.; flat; rent $25; clears- $40 month... 450
15 rms.; Sutter st; rent $28; a snap 500 j
18 rms.; rent $38: clears $50 every month. 700 I
23 rms.; wife sick; rent $45: clears $50 600
26 rms.; elegant; clean; rent $90; clears $90 1600
19 rms.; hotel: clears $2000 every year.... 1500
53 rms.; a cor. house of "Victoria Flats". 3000
; ATTENTION!— Buyers will find it to their ad-
! vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
& CO., 935 Market St., phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $600 36 r $800
20 r 1150 20 r 800 . 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r 600 12 r 40D
15 r 700 S r 350 10 r 400
8 r 550 6 r 225 7 r 225
THE DONiALD INVESTMENT CO.
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281
Rooming houses and hotels; all sizes, all
prices and all locations; list yours with us if
you want to sell.
Houses sold on easy ' payments: money
loaned at lowest rates; vacant houses furn-
' ished. Call and see our BIG list of BIG
bargains. It's too BIG to publish.
WINSTON & WOLF. JC26 Market.
Photograph Gallery Entrance.
18 rooms; rent $37 60; price $S0i
28 rooms; rent $50; price 900
14 rooms; rent $39; price 750
34 rooms; rent ?67 50: price 1300
19 rooms; cheap rent 830
. 27 rooms: rent $65; price 1050
WHEN YOU WANT
A ROOMING-HOUSE OR HOTEL
GO TO
WALLACE. '
HE DOES NOT MISREPRESENT FACTS.
M. K. B. WALLACE. Real Estate Broker,
COLUMBIAN BUILDING. ROOM 73,
S16 MARKET ST. / -PHONE JAMES 1361.
K. G. WILXE, 26V4 Kearny, rooms 9 and 10.
We have about "300 houses enlisted and great
bargains; come and see our list and we know
we can satisfy you; houses to trade, to ex-
change and money loaned: don't forget the
office, it is 26% Kearny st., rooms 9 and 10.
TEN rooms; Sutter; worth $1000; rent $55.. $750
14 rooms; Geary: first-class; oak furn..l250
18 rooms; rent $55; flne velvet carpets. ...1400
28 rooms, rent & water $96, half cash 2400
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market St. ; tel. Main 128.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
917 Market St.. near Fifth.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all Darts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
$11*0—17 ROOMS north of Market st. ; trial
given; money-maker. DONALD McRAE, 837
Mission St.
$425— FOR SALE— Lodging-house. 14 rooms;
cheap rent; no agents. 923^4 Mission St., op-
posite Mint ave.
$?f«-ELEGANTLY furnirhed fiat. 9 rms.: lease;
| siooo ins. Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market
TEV-ROOM house, bath; well furnished; bar-
gain; hours 2 to C p. m. Apply 143 Kuss et.
MCALLISTER. 749— Furniture of 7-ropm flat
for tale; $250.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure
DR. DUXCAN. tO6 Kearny st. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY* S^Agericy^No charge un'
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market et.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency room
Sj. SIS Market. Advice free: tel. Red ofll.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$!* — LOVELY sunny cottage; cor.- Cumberland
ai>d Dolores sts.; modern.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. V. MILLER'S world's greatest, most famous
materializing medium; come, . see your, spirit
friends face to face, speaking to them as in
life; eeances Sunday, Tuesday, arid Friday, 8
P. m. 1084 Bush st. ; 50c. .
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday, Thursday, Fri., 8:15 p m. ;
25c. 293 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2061.
A-MRS. DR. FARNHAM, spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty: cir. Sun.,
\u25a0 Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN, clairvoyant,
palmist and card reader; reveals past, pres-
ent, future; 5Cc. 1GO7»,2 Market st., near Sixth.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sitting*, $1;
letter. $2. 1161 O'Farrell st ; Ellis car.
SADHA, the Oriental; ancient spirit; convinc-
ing materializing seance to-day 2 p. m., 50c;
1C10 Bush street, near Franklin. \u25a0
MRS. HUBBARP, 1C9 Oak st;; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladies, 2:30
p. m., lCc; readings daily, 50c^ .
MRS. LESTER, circles Sun., Tues. and Thurs.,
8 p. m. ; 10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth, r. 12.
MRS. HARLAND'S "'circle to-night; also Wed.,
10c; prophetic readings. 50c, $1. 143 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual' test meeting
this evening, 10c. 305 Larkin; hours 1 to 5.
1 Mustafa— Egyptian materializing seance,- Sun.,
; Wed.. Fri., S p.m.. 50c; sittings dally. 1610 Bush.
HARMACHEIS, greatest living occult medium,
healer; read.; treatments dally. 332 O'Farrell.
EARLE, independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1C01; seance Tues., Thurs., Sun., 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
ARNOLD & DICKSON, returned; wonderful
readings dally. >1. 201 Turk st. '
I PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth St.— Readings, 60c. $1;
cir. Sun.. Tuea., Thurs. and Fri. nights. 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS.'
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Thira st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
: ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great |
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. Bit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy," clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
; MISS M. WILLE, greatest of all crystal seers;
] reads your life correctly; tells past, present,
i future;full names given ;sittlngs 59C.326A Ellis.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
j German spoken,25c up. 777%Market st:,room 18.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist, tells
past, present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth, r. 14.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c. gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, the great clairvoyant
card reader; ladies 25c, gents 50c. 28 Sixth st.
MRS. MALLORY, spiritual card reader; send
stamp for cir.; L., 25c; G., 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. W ALTERS, great card reader;ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
; only 10c; from 1 to g. 2G2 Minna St., nr. Fourth.
FORTUNE telling by cards; gentlemen $1.00,
ladies 50c. 502 O'Farrell, cor. Jones, rm. 4.
2 HOURS with prominent mediums to-night.
Spiritualists' Headquarters, 305 Larkin St.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel Jessie 1563,
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant. reader;palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
CARPET BEATING AKD CLEANING.
"WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
" send to SPAULDING'S pioneer: Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tPl. South 40.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phone Mint 1005.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated:relaid. 105 14th st. ;tel.Caj>p 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.,
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 4c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ;prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 3S-40 Sth st ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
deWtists.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 927 Market~8treeT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, to up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns,"$5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mai^
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free; prices
clieapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crOwns, $3 50; fillings,
50c; plates, S5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly- installments; lowest rates.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental -work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st
I PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. It G^
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. a
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
• less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 010 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion 'and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUUAT1UXAL.
AYRES' leading
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
. new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
A LAW DEPARTMENT of the Night School
for men at the Y. M. C. A. opens Tuesday,
Oct. 1; tuition $50 a year; three nights a week;
prospectus now ready; registration open; in-
structor, Geo. H. Boke of Jurisprudence dept,
HEALD'S School of Mines, 24 Post st. S. F.—
Thorough courses; complete equipment; all
subjects pertaining to mining and mining en-
gineering; day and night.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is tms advice . worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordah. or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.'
HEALD'S School of Electrical Engineering—
Theory, demonstration, construction; labora-
tory and shop work; thoroughly practical;
day and night. 24 Post gt.. San Francisco. .
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions Tor all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. \u25a0 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, .elocution, specialties; Hallett School.
associated with theatrical . agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH. French, etc. Prof. DeFilippe' s Academy
. ofLanguages.320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
SPANISH^ lessons given by a native .Spanish
- teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st \u25a0 .
SA>' KKASCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner or Market and Third streets; open
until. 12 o'clock every night in the year, j
BKANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street, '
corner Clay; uj.<-:i until S>:30 p. m. ,
."»0 Hayi-» street; open until 9:30 p. m. ;
CJ» McAllister street; open until -9:30 p. m. j
OS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. !
1S41 Mission tstreet; open until 10 p. m. !
2261 Market street, corntr Sixteenth; open
until J p. m.
10C Eleventh street; open until 3 p. m.
10S5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken- .
lucky streets; ojwn until a p. m. j
£200 Kiilnio»-e strtet; open until 9 p. m. I
MttKTi'Sii NOTICES. \u25a0
CALIFORNIA Chapter Ko. 5, It. A. M.. \u25a0 j
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN"- A ,;
l.NG October \ at 7:30 o'ciock. M. M. 1%J\
<jc-£ree. By o-Or of the H. V. I \
'FIX AN K LI X H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodire No. 1. F. and A. K
M.. will ir.<-et THIS (TUESDAY) Ji |
KVEN1NG. October 8. at 7:3U o'clock. Jtjf |
Third decree. By order of the master. rv&- \
FRAXKUN H. DAY, Secretary. _ <
OFFICERS and members of Oriental a* \
Encampment No. 57, 1. O. O. F.-i'ou°V° |
are earnestly requested - to meet in S\. !
your hall on TOESDAY, October 8, aiX \ I
\ p m. to attend the funeral of our latu ;
patriarch XAVIER MEFRET. Service at
1:30^ C. H.- KORXBECK. C. P.
THE members of Canton San Fran- <\«J*,
Cisco No. 6, Patriarchs Militant, f/£\_,..3£r
will assemble in full uniform at r^jS-rteir
your hall on TUESDAY. October "'**\u25a0
8, at 1 p m., to attend the funeral of our
esteemed chevalier, MAJOR XAVIER 11E-
FRET. Sen-ice will be held at 1:30. By order j
C. H. KORXBECK, Commandant. ;
TERBA BUEXA Lodse No. 15. L 'gg^&fo 1
O. O. F. — Members are requested §g2j55>S2i
to assemble at Memorial Hall,
WEDNESDAY. October 9, 1S0L ?**'
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother. JAMES McCORMICK.
THOS. C. MARTIN. N. G.
J. J. DE HAVEN. Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from G. F. Edwards, in the Phllo
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near Gold
Lake, Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in Mud
Lake, which drains into Frazier Creek; from
the Purdy Creek Mining Co., in the Purdy
Creek mine, near Frenchtown. Yuba Co., to
deposit tailings in Purdy Creek; from Ed-
ward Bryan, in the Chaparral Hill gold
pravel mine, near Onion Valley. Plumas Co.,
to deposit tailings in Berg Creek, and from
• the Norwegian Mining- Co., in their mln«j
near Tuttletown. Tuolumne Co., to deposit I
tailings in Jackass Gulch, gives notice that
a meeUng will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on October 21, •
lflOL «.t 1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS' meeting— Notice Is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the etock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY. October S. 1901. at 11 o'clock a. m. By
order of the Board of Directors.
. ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
TVANTETD — Two good solicitors to canvass for
new edition Encyclopedia Britannlca; new
scheme; good commission. Apply between 4
and 6:30 p. in. Adams building, room 401.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley. 500 pages;,
best book; 100 illustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. S. C. MIL-
LER & CO.. Portland. Or.
Al agents in every town for McKinley souvenir
pictures; fast seller; sample 7c in postage. Ad-
flress HAGENS & CO.. 60S California st.. S. F.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes "for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emilie Funke, 1436 Sth St., Alameda,
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FL'N'KE, 1416 Eighth gf . Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing. Eidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission: tcl. FoUom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading. 50c; by mail. 50c. 1163 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDEXAL, attorney.
314 Montgomery st. — Divorces, private; fees
low; probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected: documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought; money loaned; insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS. Mgr., 418% Post St.
ADVICE free — Divorces a specialty; Quick,
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc.. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 yars. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Markt et.
ADVICE f ree ;divorces private: bankruptcy;col-
lections attachments ;mortgages ; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds ;wills drawn; fees low;open
eve' e. THURSTON.- 1008>4 Mkt.. r. 4, op. Sth.
» ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful: office,
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. SI7 Market.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee If suc-
cessful. EDW. R. EH1RRAN. S27 Market st.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ESTATES, chancery; most moderate fees. 14
McAllister Ft.. GEO. W. JOHNSON. Atty.
BOAUUl.VG FOR CHILDREN.
A YOUNG girl living home will take care of
child between 2 and 4 years old; nice home.
Apply 507 Eighth st.
YOUNG bey wanted to board in refined fam-
ily; references exchanged. MRS. GEORGE
SANDOW, 762 Clayton EC
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 3607 California st.
BOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BLREAU TUL'XKS. )
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and ealesroom. 826 Howard.
UDS1KKSS CilAJkCttS.
A — J50O{ RESTAURANT and chop house; ladies'
rooms; daiiy receipts about $45; rent $59; best
location. Tenderloin district Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $250; BRANCH bakery, notions and fancy
gTOcery store In Alameda: rent $10; good lo-
cation and fine paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1100; RESTAURANT close to Market St.;
near Chronicle bldg.; a good paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et. .'\u25a0 .
A— $450; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
water front: rent $25; must be sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— 1400; CORNER saloon on Mason St.; r e nt $23;
good business; must be sold at once; owner
accepted Government position. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st_ '
$175— A SACRIFICE— Delicatessen store doing a
nice business; 3 living rooms; rent $16. See
R. G. WILKE at once, 26Vi Kearny st.
U ROOMS on O-Farrell St.; cheap; price $650.
12 rooms on Second Et. ; great bargain ; price
J225.
H rooms on Ed<5y st. ; great bargain. .
20 rooms on Sutter st.; price $800.
Houses, any i>art of city, to be sold In our
office under a thorough investigation; for any
line of business call at our office, 1016 Market
fit., opposite Fifth. ' McBRIDE & CO., Real
Estate and Auctioneers.
BAZAAR and stationery: splendid loca,-
tior. ; flne business*; good stock Price $1000
Confectionery. Sixth Et.; rent $30 400
Cigar stand; central; building, etc 1200
Branch bakery; rent $14: good stock.... 200
Country hotel; fine proposition 2000
Country hotel: 42 rs. : rent *60; furniture.. 1000
Many business openinss at bargain prices.
SCinVEINHARD. Real Estate Agent.
S17 Market st.. rooms 1 and 2. cpp. Mason.
MiOTO gailery: best location on Market St.;
long lease; first-class business; cause of sale,
other business. Mitchell &. Co., 1206 Market.
6AL00N; all new fitted up; good stock; rent
$45; good business; must sell; leaving city in-
vestigate. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
JS50— PARTNER: bus. cstab. ; good opportunity
for eteady man. Cal. Bus. Assn., S63Vs Market.
FOR SALE— A well fitted up saloon on Market
rt.. near City Hall; will be sold at a bargain:
no aeontE. Appiy at McLeod & Hatzc \u25a0 C15
Market st. '
WANTED— Few ladies to InveEt with a lady a
little money each in a safe mining proposi-
tion: b. Sortune in Fight: no humbug; please
, in'oEtisrate. Box 104S, Call office.
$2000 WILL take a good country hotel: short
distance from city; good business. Further
Information address box 1044. Call office.
J5f« — Legitimate business paylns from $5 to ?20
daily for sale; owner leaving city. Answer
box 107S. Ca'.l office.
WANTEI>— Parties to take shares In a rich
Cold mine and help develop. 221% Turk st..
12 to 2 it. i...
PARTNKII wanted in bakery business; good
ei>C"toe to right man. 321 Ellis st.
FBl.'IT and cigar store, for $40. if 6old to-day
(CTutBOmy). iJox 1M2. Call office.
SALOON fcr sa';e; opposite the ferry. HI East
et.. north cf Markvt.
TAllTT with S22i Int-r'-st In srrcat local the-
•xucal *ucco«. Box WGO. Call office.Deputy .United States Marshal George
Burnham yesterday arrested A. L. Reh
fleld, a clothing dealer at the Presidio, on
a warrant charging him with having
taken Government property In pledge
from soldiers.
Merchant Behfield In Trouble.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs E Friedberger, H Baxter, Minn ' r5 *w'
New York Mrs F A Sherman,
W- E Miller Jr. Hono- Wash
lulu .. Miss E Fassett. Cal
Chas Becker. San Jose G J Hatcher & w Cal
G W Hunter, Eureka M Michael, Lincoln
Dr. C E Falk, Eureka C Y Brownlee. Cal
J M Mellndy, Eureka J A Aldrioh, Cal
A J Monroe, Eureka C W Barrett. Fresno
C H Hart, New York D H Dollar, Cal
E \V Sheets. Chicago W T Robb, L A
C J Lewis, San Diego A M Allen, Cal
J L Slayden & w, Tex C W Ayers, S Barbara
F Lelx. LA T H Kelly, Auburn
M Terplnnlng. Cal S Burgess & w, X Y
Mrs. McAdam, B C Helen Burgess. N Y
C L Whittle, Boston Lyonda Burgess, N T
J D Whelpley, DC N G McCune & w, NT
L R Freeman, LA A J Lenson. Lodi
G E Webb & w Cal Chas Sallais, N Y
T J Donovan, Ventura p CRourke Cal >
I M Poggi, Hueneme W W Douglas, Cal
E Rothschild. Chicago J E Stubbs, I, A
A Sylvester, S Rosa D B Driver, Cal
M Biggs Jr _ w. Cal J E Pardee. Susavill©
T G Walker, Cal N S Graham, Auburn
J S Bobertson, Cal Dr Kelsey, S Paula
P H Johnston, ', Ga F Simpson. L A
F W S wanton & w, Cal O B Hlnsdale & f. Ore
G S McKenzie. Hilo N R Lanweman. Cal
F Hihn, S Cruz A S Huston, Cal
W Jereslaw, Ont . L Fritz, Cal
M McWhorter. Cal J E Scarlett. Yolo
W J Tinnen _ w, Cal Mrs CF Racklltte. Cal
Miss H Lowden. Wash Miss J RacllfTe Cal
Mrs C A Fassett, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
A E Rennle, Coptic H Denner A w. Phlla
H W Hamilton. Ariz H G Bradlee. Boston
H C Paxon, London • F L Condron. Chicago
F A Hlnes, Los Ang F A Umstead, Pa
W D Lyman, S Africa W;B Bishop. Pa
H Cronemeyer, NY A P Hughes, Dawson
E J*Louls, San Diego J T Adams, Cal
R S Johnston. NY J C Collier & w, Iowa
R W Klessert, Wls W M Petrle, Sacto
C Sweeney. Spokane A J Flaherty, Shar.g-
W B Heyburn. Idaho hal
W E Gerber, Sacto J D Sterling, Scotland
W W Van Andale _ G W Gray. Chicago
w, McCIoud J C Needham, Modesto
Miss Cochran. McCIoud J C Kemp Van Ee. Cal
Mrs W G MacFarland. Mrs J Jonsen. Fresno
Tacorna 'Miss M Kendall, L An
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ TUESDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1901.
13
• OAKJL.ASJD HpUSESJTO^JjET^_^^
FOR rent— Half house of 3 rooms, $5 50: also
s some furniture for sale; free rent ' till 1st of
Nov. 1363 Fifteenth st.,- Oakland. Cal.,
OAKLAND COTTAGES. ; ;
FOR Sale— Beautiful 6-room ' cott&ge; bath,
. basement; take 16th-st. cars. 1464 Filbert st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMFM
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; -improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2000— NEW 6-room cottage; 1 block to train
and electric cars; all modern Improvements;
porcelain bath; tiled sink; fine mantel and
sideboard; gas fixtures; walls tinted; sewer
and water connected; $200 cash, balance like
rent $20 per month, including interest. "W.
C. MORAN & CO. .
$2400— NEW 8-room house; lot 50x140; 1 block
to cars; 5 minutes to U. C. grounds; must be
sold at once, as owner must have more money
to finish house; $400 cash, balance, less than
rent, $25 per month. •
W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin Station and
Schmidt Block. Berkeley.
ROOMS FOR HOUS—K-— PINO.
BUSH, 899— Two and three connecting rooms
. for light housekeeping; other rooms.
CHESTNUT, 293 (North Beach)— Furn. rooms.
housekeeping; cheap; fine view; sun; quiet.
CLAY, 1009— Housekeeping rooms for married
couple or two ladles. . . \u25a0 ' \u25a0 -
ELLIS, 606— Nice sunny rooms; suitable for one
or two gentlemen. \u25a0
FIFTH, 348— A suite of rooms, furnished for
\u25a0 housekeeping; cheap.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three. $14; three, $20; also single. $4, $5 and up.
FOLSOM, 1293, cor. 9th— Sunny double parlors;
large kitchen, sink, coal stove; adults $16.
GEARY, 1225—2 large sunny unfurnished rooms
\u25a0 for housekpg.; large yard; exclusive bath; $16.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 309— Large alcove room;
light housekeeping; no children; prlv. family.
GOUGH. 437— Light furnished rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
GROVE, 1308, nr. Devisadero— Two front sunny
rooms; furnished for light housekeeping. -;
HYDE 408— Sunny front alcove • suite of 3
rooms; also nice suite, $16; basement suite,
yard, laundry, $13.
LARKIN, 814A— Sunny, front housekeeping
room. t
LEAVENWORTH, 1010—3 sunny connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping; 2 beds.
OAK, 119—2 basement rooms, furnished house-
kpg.; gas; yard; water; 2 beds; $10;- room, $7.
POWELL, 911W— 1 or 2 partly furnished rooms;
kitchen: range; cheap. ' \u25a0
$4— ROOM at 128 O'Farrell st. ; upstairs, corner.
Powell. $6, office Ely the building, 14 Grant
ave. -
POLK 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
TENTH, 308A— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas range; no children.
THE BELL 1773 Market— Sunny double par-
lors with kitchen, $20; also single, $5 up.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109o
Valencia fit.
KOOMS TO __T Farn. and t'nfarn.
ALABAMA, 923— A nice sunny room ; one or two
gentlemen.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAlllster-st. cars. ! \u25a0
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newlfr
renovated; 25c to Vac,' $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunny suite; also single rooms; neat.
. clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 555 — Carpeted bright front room, un-
furnished; closet and gas.
EUGENE, 265 OTarrell — New house, fireproof;
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
milts with bath; baths free; first-class. \u25a0 \u25a0
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 727— Handsomely furn-
ished, sunny room; bath; gas; private;
reasonable. \u25a0
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1521—3 unfurnished
rooms, with hot and cold water in each room;
also a cottage in rear with 2 rooms.
HAYES, 671— Nice front room with or without
board for youns lady or gentleman; reason-
able.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st., near Market — Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class ;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take' Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
JONES, 923 — Elegant sunny rooms; also beau-
tiful corner suite; single rooms.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur. ; tingle rooms, $10 up.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST, 700—2 single gunny furnished rooms; tel-
ephone; $8-$10.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. •
SIXTH, 623— Newly furnished sunny front and
back rooms In private family. $5 month up.
SUTTER 32014 (Tho Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
TAYLOR. 604— Sunny front rooms- suitable for
2 gentlemen. I
TENTH. 153 — Large sunny \u25a0 bay-window . room ;
5 2 younjr men, $10. . .
TO LET— One furnished or two unfurnished
rooms; sunny. Box 587, Call office.
A- BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
' ROOMS AND HOARD, '
\u25a0 _____ \u25a0.-';'
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly high class; most
elegantly furnished; reasonable In price;
suites and single rooms; board optional. 420
Eddy St., near Leavenworth^
. r ~~~~
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
NEWLY fur. suite or single room's with 1st
class board for couple or gentlemen ; Jewish
family; desirable location; central. 1099, Call.
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— 8ulte 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; single rooms.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson House)— Exceptlon-
ally fur, suites; 'beautiful grnds; table board.
MCALLISTER, \u25a0 1400, corner Pierce— Choice sun-
ny room with board for two.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.-
ROOMS AND DOARD WANTED.
WANTED-^-Mlddle-aged .American business
man would like a comfortable home with an
American family; \u25a0frill furnish his room or
the house if required; Western Addition pre-
f erred. Address box 1047, .Call office.' .
LADY would like room and \u25a0 board ; location
central: state terms. Box 1029. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED. \ ' ;
HOUSEKEEPING accommodations west of
I Laguna.- north of McAllister sts; not over $12.
1 Box 10C5, Call office. . .- -
TWO or 3 furnished rooms; light housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st.; must
be reasonable. Box 652, \u25a0 Call. - * • . .
-j\ RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
HUNTER'S RUPTURE /SANITARIUM, 1 1206
Market; treatment free; J100 paid for anyfruss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
__ SPECIAL NOTICES. '
BAD tenants. ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. I PACIFIC - COLLECTION
._• CO..' 415 Montgomery, st.. rooms 9-10; teL 6580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 614 Tine.
S—WIXQ -- MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought.'- sold and repairing guaran-
r teed. Chas. Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. . Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palring; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
t STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage Warehouse,. 840 Mis-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission Bt.;
tel. Main 1810; shipping at cut rates.
g TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGA7NiTN^"rP_wioT_R^AVe
eell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, ?3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures.' L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
\ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 177, Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., October 7, 1901-Coupon No. 9,
due October \u25a0 12, . 1901, from first mortgage 6
per cent bonds of Sierra Railway Company
of California, will be paid at the fiscal agency
of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth
National Bank, on and after that date
~ « S. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend, No. 34, 6f \u25a0eventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock \u25a0 of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California St., San Francisco, • on October 10,
190L Transfer books close 'October 3 1901 at
noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
MAKRIAGE LICENSES. >
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Martin C. Ottenheimer, 36, city, and Frankle
M. Desbeck, 22, city.
Walter H. Fisher, 22. 525 Bartlett street, and
Ida M. Macken. 22, 9 Redwood court.
Solomon Korinsky, 51, 77 Harriet street, and
Mary Weinstock, 45, San Bruno road.'
Antonio Mendiola. 27, 1314 Stockton street,
and Mai la Garcia, 21, 1325 Dupont street.
Antone J. Johnson, 34, Pleasanton, • and
Elizabeth Sands, 34, city.
Morris L. Woodroffe, 35, Baxter, Cal., and
Kathcrine F. Ferguson, 36, Baxter. Cal.
Johu.J. Ford. 35, 13 Glen Park avenue, and
Grace M. Mackey, 32, 725 Fulton street.
Francis J. CollinRS, 31, 236 Sutter street, and
Hannah L. Cole, 32, 236 Sutter street.
James J. Dow, 36, city, and Fannie R.
Avery, 30. New York City.
Reuben Levy, 37, 1120 Vallejo street, and
Rebecca Fisher, '25, 177 Noe street.
James A. Lemon, 40, 1201 Fillmore street,
and Mamie Terry, 21, 315% Jessie street.
Albert F. Holmes, .28. 151." Fillmore street,
and Lina R. Ruiz. 23. 1812 Market street.
Adam Weissel. 47, 22 De Boom street, and
Emma Schmidt, 23, 22 De Boom street. !
Charles. F. Moody, 3C, 111 Green street, and
Annie Couples, 27, 36 Welsh street.
Frank H. Roark. 35, Suisun, Cal., and Mary
A. O'Neile, 35, Suisun, Cal.
Eugenio Servente, 20. 807 Seventh street, and
Maria RcssI, 19, 21 Crane street.
Jackson M. S. Lane. 50. San Antonio, Texas,
and Cera K. Lewis. 34. St. Lou la. Mo. m
~BIRTHS— MABRI&BES— DEATHS. '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must Jt>e handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to^have the same published.
BORN.
BURT— In this city. October 4, 1901, to the
wife of -Wilson- A. Burt, a son.
INET— In this city, to the wife of John P.
lnet, a daughter.
JOSEPH— In Berkeley. October 5, 1901, to the
wife of Charles A. Joseph, a daughter.
MtTRCH — In Alameda, October 7, " 1901, to the
wife of Louis A. Murch, a son.
NEWNHAM-In this city, September 29. 1901,
to the wife of Thomas M. Newnham, a son.
ROSENBLATT— In this city. October 7. 1901.
to the wife of Henry Rosenblatt, a daughter.
SPOTORNO— In this city. October 6, 1D01, to
the wife of G. P. Spotorno. a son.
MARRIED.
BLOCK— ACKERMAN— In this city, August 27,
lttOl, by the Rev. Dr. Voorsanger, Maurice
Block and Amelia Ackerman.
DREIMANN— HEIDORN— In this city, Octo-
ber 3, 1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, An-
dreas Dreimann and Mrs. Marie Heidorn.
KLEINLEIN-COLL1NS— In this city, October
2. 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Hans
Klelnlcin and Elizabeth Collins.
LANE — LEWIS — In this city, October 7, 1901
by tho Rev. George W. Beatty, Jackson M.
S. Lane 'and Mrs. Cora K. Lewis, both of
San Francisco. . .
LAUTERWASSER— McKEON — In this city.
October 3, 1901, by the Rev. J. II. Schroeder,
Henry W. Lauterwasser and Ella McKeon.
OTTEN— SIEMS— In this city, September 28,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Hermann D.
Otten and Catharina A. Stems. •
PRICE— VON WEFELSBURG-In this city,
October 3, 1901, by the Rev. • J. Fuendeling,
- Arthur Blake Price and Leontine Barack von
Wefelsburr.
WEISSEL— SCHMIDT— In this city. October 7
1901, by the Rev. Georgo W. Beatty, Adam
Welssel and Emma Schmidt, both of .San
Frarcisco. . ' . ...
DIED.,
Ackerson, Evelyn Limousin,- Pauline
Carroll, Martin Lindsay, Forrest
Colen. John M. ' McCormick, James
Cook. John F. McNutt. Maria B. •
Dwyer. Thomas F. Magers, Etta B.
. Eisenschlmel, E. C. Mefret, Xavier F.
Farrell, Joseph H. Merkle, Joseph S.
Gardiner. Eucene Meyers (infant^
Gray, Mary J. Mulcrevy, James P.
Hart. John A. Murray, Marearet
Hoean, Bessie Neunaber, Geslne
Hayes, Patrick Norris, Kate W.
Kiernan, James P. J Olssn, Anna K.
Labuslerre, Charles Phillips, Henry
Lange, Andreas H. Turner, Cephas?
Laws. Edwin R. Waltjen. John H.
; Levy, Solomon Yackley, Joseoh
•ACKERSON-In this city, October 7. 1901,
Evelyn, beloved wife of Walter Ackerson,
, and dearly beloved sister of Mrs. M. Jor-
dan and "William and May Rodgers, a native
of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
Iprinterment private.
CARROLL— In this" city, September 28, 1901,
Martin Carroll, a native of Ireland, aged 78
years 10 months and 24 days.
inrFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &
Co., 641 Sacramento street.
COLEN— In this city. October «, 1901, JohnM.,
beloved child of John T. and Ida J. Colen.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 1
month and 9 days. . -.
(C^Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral • to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 919 San Jose avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M&r. .?
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80..
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
\u25a0 Ban Mateo County. • '- " -
• "\u25a0'OFFICE' ©16 MARKET STREET.
i. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn .- • ' \ McGINN BROS.
- Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection- With Any Other House.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
> fismuel McFaddea. 18 year* manager tor
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, " with the same company for 10
years; P. .F. Grefln, late with J. C. O'Connor
& Co., have opened new Funeral Parlors at
1171 Mission . street, .'between Seventh and
Eighth. Telephone South 44.
cremation;
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
. . Point Lobos ave. S. F v Cal.. .
The ordinance prohibiting burials in San
Francisco after the first day of August, 1901,
does not , refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead. , - ' , .. ;
Permits to cremate will be : Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager...
ITELP WANTED— MALE- -Con.
MW to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
lfginred: tools donated; positions guaran-
tV<Hi: catalogue free. UOLER BARBER
OJLLEGK, 635 Clay Et.
WILL pay honest, well-dressed. Industrious
eentleman salary $20 per week to assist In
my business: experience unnecessary. Ad-
dress box 1000, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; fl to ?2 per week.
WANTED— Baker at once, second hand on
bread. Address I. S. MULFORD, Eureka,
\u25a0Cal.
EURAXD boy; must live in the neighborhood.
1441 Polk «?t,
BRIGHT, well educated boy, 15 to 17, to learn
architecture. Room 44. 1 126 Kearny st.
WANTED— Cash boys. 14 years of agre and
over. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a, m.
WANTED— First-class dry goods delivery wrap-
per. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11 a. m.
FIR^T-CLASS tailor on custom coats. BE-
LA.SCO-HAHRIS CO.. 541 Market 6t.
BOY or junior wanted in drugstore. 499 Gough
st- corner Grove.
BOY wanted nbout butcher shop. Apply WAR-
REN. _U Fillmore st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. DG3 Mission fct.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD butcher to take an old established shop.
Cot. Geary and Devisadero sts.
BUSHHLMAN for country. Apply REISS
& CO.. 24 Sutter St.
jT-ttONG. lnteTligent boys 18 to 20 years to
t am machinist trade. 5C3 Mission 6t.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
v.orlc. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart et.
MCDONALD & PERRY have 500 pair* second-
hand shoes for fale; Sue up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan
bis. I'ast com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 7jO rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and largace to end from ferry.
4 BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sufcscririticris has been established at 1096
Calends st.
HOKSF.Ji A!V» WACOW.
FOR Fale— * black, well-matched, medlum-
fized. iv-year-old thoroughbred sons of Sultan:
should train to 2:"'i class. Seen at NELSON'S
Tr. Stables, owner. 1Z31 Walnut St., Alameda.
DO rot fall to attend the special suction Bale
Wednesday. October 9. at 11 a. m.. at the
Arcade Horse Market. S-7 Sixth St. JOHN
J. POYLP:. Auctioneer.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
j.rsos. jurt arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
CKi=e & Co.'e s=al"?s yard. 1732 Market st.
l.-fi HKAD stock hcrses for gale. A. M. FCOTT
Jt CC.-'SS T)ore St.. S. F. V
FIXE saddlo horse for sale, $150. Apply box
1>'4. Call office. '
LABG3 ETeen colt; very fast; for sale. S26
Treat sive.
HAKD-MADK enure cheap. Box CS, Call office.
cW ; i: black r«ad team, one carriage team, one
fsFt rnp<] t^-.m. 721 Howard St.
A BARGAIN in gao.l carrixre, ssddle, business
Ud r.^ai '-ore*.:. DALZIEL. BOS G. G. ave.
EAROATN — Finple horse coal and hay wagons;
ECCondr-bUd \u25a0wapon? a:id harness. 1634 Mission.
ONE second-hand <*xrress= wagon; also one light
business wapon. 1370 Turk St.
CHEAP- New panel body deliver}'. 1 laundry. 1
baker' f-. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wapon. S2S Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, bupeies. carts, harness,
etc.. <-henp. EGAN & PON. 2117 Mission st. -
AN A No. 1 express wasor.. single: also light }
campins v.-ssron fcr sale, cheap. S32 Mission.
DT5«ECTINO Rubject* waited. P. F. Vet.
O-!.. rifi a. n nr».. ri r . K. -T rrp»]v. <1»nn.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and r.ervcus diseases cared for at San
, HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX <fc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
IIOt'S_S TO LET — FCIIXISIIED.
A flTNXY oottaee, € rooms, bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees: Alameda; % block from
station. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
MOl'SES WANTED.
WANTED— A sunny house on Sutter St., be- I
•<tve»n Powell and Van Ness. Box 1013. Call, j
LOST AMI IOL.M).
tyOST— Ob E<J<5>\ near Leavenworth. purse con-
taining money. Return to 519 Eddy St.; re-
gard.
lyOPT— Saturday, fox terrier, -white -with head.
b__ spot near tail; iCKUd. 212 Leavenworth.
LOST— Small lone-haired terrier dog; name
Prince; reward. H:«i4 Twenty-fourth Bt.
LOST — A gold watch with monogram. L. P. M.,
and «.cld fob. Return to 2 Liberty Et, near
Valencia, and receive reward.
LOST — Overcoat: on the 4:30 train from Ala-
mc-ea. SuaOajr, October «. 215 Montgomery
ave.: book store; reward.
6OLITAIRE diamond ring, yellow stone, lart
Sundav v.-eek. Return to F. C. ORNDORFI'.
Call editorials rooms: liberal reward.
LOST— Or stolen from „:> Baker st. en Septem-
ber 30, black cocker spaniel dog, answering to
i.am- Romeo: were tag No. 2154. Suitable re-
/ward if returr.ed to 1D15 Filbert st. ; no ques-
V.cn< EskcC.
LOST— If party finding velvet box containing
earring? end three rings will return them to
£?\u25a0" Waller Ft. they will receive J100 reward.
IT will jiay to ••Uemember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutler St.. needs old
polri and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
DR. O^DOXNELL— All who~are~8ick and In
T'uMe call and consult the specialist. My
f' :ficoi?ir.es havo br?en used for many years by
Uknuudi; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cmaea tak°n; The most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a dell-
caXe nature: all classes, of female complaints
treated: relief to the lcrurest cases. DH. G.
W. ODOXNELL. 10JS Market Bt., or>p. Fifth.
A— MRP. SWEET, graduate Royal University,
Berlin; 2." years' experience in midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed In her;
takes p.nfj treats ladies before and during con-
finement: best care, attention; confinement
SiZ; board $4 week; infants adopted. 3327 1S_
ft.; Mission-st. cars; consultation free.
THE original MRS. DAVIES, who has been In
business here for 25 years. Is still located at
122S Market: maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladies' specialist;
private home before and during confinement;
removed from Post to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies 1 ppecialist; a prlv. home before and dur-
lr.g confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HIXDOOHERD AND MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market Et., S. F.
GRADUATE physician will take confinement
cases, ary part of city; ten days' treatment.
tlO. Call and register. 705 Vallejo Bt., r. _
MRS. D. KOHL, ladies 1 spT-cialist, confinement,
removed from Market Et. to 410 O'Farrell st.
MRP. DR. GOODWIN, the eminent ladles' spe-
cialist, has returned from Europe; motft mod-
ern methods; 25 years' exoerience in S. F. ;
Kuarantee* to cure all female trouble; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 906 Market st., opp. 4th.
TJR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton Bt.. opp.
tJnlon cquarc: all diseases cured by herbs.
MATTRESSES A.\D PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421.
MIXES AND MIXING.
_O TOU TVANT TO MAKE MONET?
If you do, buy some stock in the Homestake
Gold Mining Co. at 30c per share, on Install-
ment; limited number shares for Bale; price
will be advanced to 40c per share November 1;
prosjieetuFes mailed on application
HOMESTAKE GOLD MINING CO..
601 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
FOR SALE.
BOIL ,KRg. «iirines. 2d-hand~nmchineryl Me^
IX TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker labk-f. barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
»!K:ond hand; we always ha\-e a large stock of
paloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, rea<5y made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J.vNOONAN, 1017, 1013, 102L 1022
Mission Kt.. above Sixth; \rrite for catalogue.
SECOND-HAND pipe etand. 150 lbs pressure;
% in.. 4c ft.; 1 in.. El£c ft.; l'A. In.. 7*c ft.;
I'i In.. S'.ic ft.; 2 in.. 10c ft.; 2>4 in.. 15c ft.;
3 In., 20c ft.; 4 in., SOc ft. H. 6. WHITE, 016
Mission ft.
BI& prices paid for sealskins, full dress and
if'"?''-* suits. Portland Loan Office, 23
tj»-kton st-
nslliSS5£,*2?iiS J 2X! P ants - * 275 - misfit
CLOTHE G P_ULOES. 457 Montgomery at. ,
MISCELLAXEOUS FOR. 8/ _K Con.
Graphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones.
$1 SO; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, .en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 -Spear gt.
WATCHES. Jewelry, rep. and made; cash pd.
for gold, silver and precious stones. 14 McAl-
llster s^.. room 16. WM. MUND.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper
suitable for carpenter shop; also No. 2.
Hooker steam pump. 843 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
9-17 Stevenson St.. near First.
CASH register (Hall wood); brand new; $55;
reduction. Apply H. P. ALLEN. 202 Call-
fo'rnla et.
1901 RAMBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns, Snell
and others; second-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkln st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis St.
1 HORSEPOWER Westinghouse motor; good
as new; $65. 114 Hayes st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
£00.000 HARD old bricks. Old Reservoir. Mar-
ket St., or apply at 64 Silver St., off Third.
GOOD firewood for sale cheap. Apply Risdon
Iron Works, corner Howard and Beale sts.
JEWELRY for sale and made to order. T.
FERSHTANP. 126 Kearny St., room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale Et.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
—^^— — i— — \u25a0— - — i— — — — — — \u25a0— — — » —^~ — — mm \u25a0
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL ray cash for your old sealskins. Ad-
dress at once, box 97, Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WH1TEHEAD. 1706 Market St.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.; tel. Folsom 2522.
MONEY TO _O AN'.
A^X^MJ^faJ^frA^TYjOAir^O^A^i¥.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City, and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get 'my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$S,000.000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
Becond and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ANY 'proposition ; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building, 20G Kearny St., room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
Iiiac? to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry.
j pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
i 9 Grant ave., near Market St.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out, Indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 6S.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
: libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.;
lowest rates; prlv. Ormsby, 26 Montg-.offlce 7.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
i ity. Hill. r. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
' ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discounting Agy., 143 Phelan b.
ON furniture pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
$30,000 ON good security and city realty below
bank rate; no agents. Address box 596, Call.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLE Y Company; loans and dis-
counts. 321 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
MUSICAL INSTUUaiENTS.
ALL^^n^Tpmxhased of SHERMAN. CLAY*_
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
uptight or baby grad piano any time within
2 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
memh; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
A GOOD plan, if you want to buy a piano, is
to come to us and let us show how a really
good instrument can be sold at a low price,
and payments made by the month, if you
don't want to pay cash. We make a specialty
of the Decker & Son and Baumeister.
The ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
769 Market St.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN HUNTERS— "
Eecond-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Eecond-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng, Ma-
son & Hamlln, Vose, Sterling Diane*.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
pricr; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell Bt.; established 1850.
A SMALL Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case. Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case: Hardman square, $45; organs, $25
up. BOWERS & SON, 23 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to re&lize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in etorage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
PIANOS — The most modern and up to date;
Steck. Everett. Conover. Packard. Ludwlg,
Hardman and many others: wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St.,
6. F. ; (Branch Store, 951 Broadway, Oakland).
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
makes. Including Hallet-Davla; great bar-
gain list, $50 up; Steinway, J1S5 up; Fischer,
$100; Chlckerlng. $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st
HALLET-DAVIS square pianos wanted at
agency. HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st.
A PIANO, pianola and music on sale; party
going away. 217 Geary st. .
$50— WEBER piano; cost $450; for sale on $5
installments. 1309 Oough St., near Geary.
LARGE cabinet grand upright piano; great
eacriflce; party leaving. 408 Golden Gate ave.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton.
Splelmann pianos. 308 Post st.
$550 PIANO, nearly new. for $225; pianos with
harp attachment. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
LEFT on sale— Antlsell large upright, $128;
Eteinway. $165. 217 Geary st, room 36.
$50 — Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; atandard
make; a Eacriflce. Hornung's, 215 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk «t.. near Market—
Ehonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
|75 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'fi
Piano Factory, Market. 14th and Church sts.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano fcr $275.
BRUENK. 208 Post St. _-
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. (3 per'
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., £60 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A— MARKET st. store; elegant fixtures; run-
ning through to Stevenson st. \u25a0 Apply A, -_.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate. 65x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 600 Mission st. '.-.
EIGHTH. 225 — Fine store and two rooms; water
free; SS. - - .
A— 3999 17th st, cor. Market— Fixtures; com-
plete grocery and bar; low rent. •
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
PA1XTCKS ANIJ D— CORATOKS.
J. C. ROMAINE, 649 Golden Gate ave.— Best
quality work; lowest prices: tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS. . . '.. \u25a0 :
IXDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
St., largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to pr-
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnus will 'cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle.. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia St., S. F. ; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SURE cure for rheumatism, sciatlce or In-
flammatory, sore chest, sprains, and lame
back; price 50c and $1 per bottle; always on
hand at 844A Howard Bt.; tel. Mint 1137.
G. LEDERER'S hair' dressing always the best;
25c all styles; shampooing, 50c; good switches,
$1. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
HAIR, birth marks, moles, removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 359S
Eighteenth St., corner Guerrero.
HARRT H. HART— Please send me your pres-
ent address. I want to see you. CHRIS.
NIELSON, 244 Ellis st., San Francisco.
ONLY one price for all styles of hair dressing,
25c; good switches, SI. G. LEDERER, 123
Stockton st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
i ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual youth; 50c, postpaid; free demon-
stration; eome and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Po3t.
McCABE's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg., rooms 323-324, S. F.; tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladles' tailor-made suits, coats,
silk waists, trimmed hats, "skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth St.
A— If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
PP.IVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street^ phone Folsom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO..733 Market.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny St."
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
i SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
OBESITY cured ;no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th & l»th.
DR. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; Si; at all druggists.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
•bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PLAMXC AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. cTb^D^NE^LL^O?flce~and ["residence^
1021% Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.: see testimonials at. office.
UK A I, _STAT_ — CITY — KO1C, SALE.
$50,000 TO Invest In Income-bearing property;
must be a bargain.
THE PHELPS LEWIS CO.,
702 MarkQt at.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola Bt.
FOR SALE— New Mission home, five rooms,
bath; terms same as rent. 3252 Mission st,
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAL. —STATE COUNTRY For Sale .
HERE is a buy for $3200; 9 acres, fruit and
poultry farm in Alameda County, close to
R. R. depot; level land; all in Al orchard;
house 6 rooms; barn, fine large fruit house,
50C0 gallon tank, can Irrigate any part of the
place; all farming Implements and tools; good
horse, wagons and 300 poultry; get particu-
lars of this genuine bargain. H. II. CRANE,
50S California at.
A— $4500; 23 ACRES, beautiful home and fruit
farm; first-class improvements; personal
property; 16 acres In bearing orchard; bal-
ance hay and garden land; one mile from
depot; near this city; Alameda County: this
is a splendid and well kept property. H. H.
CRANE, 608 California st.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO — '\u25a0
Small tracts. $60 lo $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and Information.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also large list of desirable city sites. See
The Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy, sell ffr exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN, 719 Mrket st., S. F., office near Call big.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado County, near R. R. Box 222, Call.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
RESAL i ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE — San Jose house for city property
or lodging-house; value $3500. Box 1037, Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAK—AND REAL ESTATE.
I250O-A BANK SALE-J2500. \u25a0
$100 down and easy monthly payments will
buy a cozy, nearly new modern Colonial cot-
tage of 6 rooms, bath, hall, brick foundation
etc. with folding doors and sanitary plumbing'-
lot 30x100 feet; above the street grade, with nice
open lawn; stone walks and aJl street improve-
ments; Insured for $2000 and all In fine condi-
tion; electric cars In front and only a few
blocks from Adeline street station; location
very desirable; handy to schools and churches-
liberal discount for all cash. . '
CJEO. W. AUSTIN & CO -
1008 Broadway,' Oakland. -
?2250 — JUST completed; cozy 5-room cottage
high basement, brick foundation and every
modern convenience: will finish the house to
suit the buyer; large lot, sunny side; street
work all done; easy terms if desired; buyer
can have more land to extent of 100 feet ad-
joining at a moderate price.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO , '
- , . 1008 Broad#vay, Oakland.
|5 CASH, $2 50 monthly; 2 lots, 25x256; price
?39 each.
$20 cash; $5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $250
in all. < «
$30 cash. $5 monthly; 4 lots, 100x100; trees
and shrubberies; price $300.
$75 cash, $7 60 monthly; 8 lots, 100x200; fine
oaks and laurel trees; price $575. \u25a0.
$65 cash, $10 monthly: 200x200; price $985 In
all; fine soil, grand view, superb climate; n>>ar
electric car line; fine school; building up rapidly
with a goo<J class of people; no fogs nor raw
winds; adjoining East Oakland: call or send
for circular. 455 Seventh st, opposite Broad-
way station, Oakland: carriage free.. H. Z
JONES, owner. "\u25a0•..•
$2250— LOT 30x100; 8 rooms; high basement; fine
location; near Seventeenth and West streets;
a bargain. Address box 2328, Call office, Oak-
land. \u25a0 .
OCIL-N TBAVEL. r __
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
! _ Steamers leave Broadway
Hjfc^ Wharf, San Francisco:
t£|39i_s For Alaskan ports— 11 a, m.,
fESji?*^,. Oct. S. S. 13. 13, 23, 23, Nov. 2.
\u25a0 IjlfWBjwR Change to company's steamers
! E_S^S_Sl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
r^~____ C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett and New
(Wash.)— 11 a, m..
Oct. 3. 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Nov. 2.
', at Seattle for this com-
pany*i steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Oct.
4, 9 14. 19, 24. 29, Nov. 3.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa, Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme and Redon-
do— Steamer Corona, Thursdays. 11 a. m.
For Enaenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. *
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of Bailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS _ CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
o_-f_-."-*.-JV_-co.
Only Ste___«— ilF» XJ__e to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to aU
points East. Through tickets to all
uolnts, all rail or steamshio and rail, at
zioiv— si* :___ __3S.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails Oct. 5. 13. 25, Nov. i
SS! GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Sept. 30, Oct. 10. 20. 30
D W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt.,1 Montgm'y. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WII_ LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 in m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU..:
Saturday. November U. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. December _. 13CI
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
\u25a0W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
! RVTOSS. BOOTH AMPTOS. LONDON. PABI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. S
i From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Louis :.. Oct lH Philadelphia ...Nov. 13
Philadelphia ....Oct. 23 St. Paul Nov. 20
St Paul Oct. 30 1 Philadelphia ....Dec. 4
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp,
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Oct. 16lFriesland Nov. 8
Kensington Oct. 23 Southwark .....Nov. 13
•Zeeland Oct. 301 • Vaderland Nov. 20
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
i General Agent Pacific Coast. 20 Montgomery «t.
Oceanic s. s. to. sqssb
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, Oct. 12. 2 p. m.
S S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Oct 24, 10 a. m.
5. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Oct. 24. 10 a. m.
J. D.SPSECKEU _ BBSS. CO.. Eenerai Agents, 327 Haricsi tt
Gin'l Pastngir CfUcs, 643 larttt St, Piir No. 7. PaciSs U
PANAMA R. R. S S P
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. UO: Meals Free.
S. 8. Hyadcs sails Thursday, Oct. JO
8. 6. Argyll sails Thursday, Oct. 17
6. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday. Oct. 28
From Howard-Street "Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market su
r. F. CONNOR. Paclflc Coast Agent-
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. \u25a0-\u25a0.-\u25a0- « _ •
AREQUIPA ....Oct. 17IPERU Nov. 9
L1MARI Oct. 20 1 PALENA Nov. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31$ California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE ft CO.. Gen. Agents.
C0MPAONI3 GENERALS TBAHSATLANTIQUB
DIRECT _INE TO HAVRE-PAR13. . ._»_ \u25a0
Bailing every Thursday. Instead of
Caturday, at 10 a. m. t from pier 42, •*— r_5
North River, foot of Morton street; •L'Aqui.
talne. September 19; La Bretagne,> September
2C; La Cbampagne. October S; *La Savol«. Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre. $70 and npward. Second
class to Havre. US and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
ToTkr J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco*
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AND B_VKB_ gTEA3_EBS.
foTuTsTnayy Y^nfi^mEia
"Steamers GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO '
1:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves. Valleja
7 a. — .. 12:30 noon. ( p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* 60 cents.
Telephone Main 1503. Landing and oiflct. pl*t
_ MUiion-»t. dock. HATCH BROS.
Florist Co.
—^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS '
Prices Reasonable.^
107 POWELL ST.ncaEUJS 2S£ 5056
COOK— In this city. October 7. 1901. John
Francis, dearly beloved infant son of Charles
and Annie Cook, brother r of Willie, Mamie
and Annie _Cook. and grandson of the late
William and Mary Cook and of the late
Robert . and Mary Ivers, a native of. San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 1 day.
DWYER— In this city, October 5, 1901, Thomas
F., beloved • husband of Mary Dwyer, and
father of George and Florence Dwyer, and
son of the late George R. and "Winifred
Dwyer,. and brother of Mrs. D. W. Collins
and John H., George E. and Lottie W.
Dwyer, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
years. > • .
I uJ' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2127 Lombard street, between Fill-
more and Steiner. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. r - ... •
EISENSCHIMEL— In this city. Edward C.
-Eistnschimel, beloved, son of Carl and Cath-
arine Eisenschimel, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 11 months and 6 days.
(CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
FARRELL— In this city, October 6, 1901, Jo-
•eph H., beloved son of Joseph F. and Mary
Farrell, and brother of Loretta, Patrick, Sa-
die, John, Thomas and Rosamond Farrell. a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 1
month and 5 days.
B_5 r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the^resldence of
his parents. 336 Twelfth avenue, off Point
Lobos avenue, thence to Star of the Sea
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. !
GARDINER— In this city, October 7. 190L Eu-
gene, beloved husband of Marie Gardiner, a
native of Switzerland, aged 40 years.
(CFuneral under the auspices of Fidelity
Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. Particulars
hereafter.
GRAY— In thi« city. October 7. 1901. at her
residence, 1237 Twentieth avenue south, Mary
Jane Gray, dearly beloved wife of William
. E. Grey, a native of Huntington, West Vir-
ginia, aged 41 years 8 months and 17 days.
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Com-
pany, 1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HART— In Eureka, October 7, 1901, John A..
beloved husband of Luana D. Hart, a native,
of England, aged 43 years.
HAYES— In this city, October 7. 1901. Patrick
Hayes, a natlv.e of Ireland, aged 67 years.
HOGAN— In this city, October 6. 1901, Bessie,
dearly beloved wife of Michael J. Hogan, and
loving mother of Nellie, Julia, Edward, Katy.
Bessie and the late • John and Cornelius Ho-
gan, a native of Cahirciveen. County Kerry.
Ireland. (Virginia City, Nev.. papers please
copy.)
ICFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 645 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, Fillmore and Fell streets, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 3
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery". "
KIERNAN— In this city. October 6. 1901. James
J P., beloved husband of Louisa- Kiernan.
father of Louisa Kiernan. and brother of
Patrick Kiernan, Mrs. E. Aceret and Mrs.
C. F. Bell, a native of Ireland, aged 37 years
2 months and 12 days.
IT— "Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' .
LABUSIERRE— In this city. October 7, 1901,
Charles Labuslerre, a native of France, aged
72 'years.
LANGE— In this city, October 7, 190L Andreas
H., beloved husband of Karen Lange, and
father of Martin O. Lange and Mrs. Martha
M. Johnsen, a native of Drammen, Norway,
aged 40 years 6 months and 27 days.
LAWS— In this city, October 6. 1901, Edwin R..
beloved husband of Janet Laws, and father
of Nettie and Edwin Laws, a native of Eng-
land, aged SS years 11 months and 22 days.
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1308 -Green street. Funeral under the
auspices of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R.
Interment . National Cemetery.
LINCOLN Post No. 1. G. A. R.— Officers and
members of Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. R..
\u25a0are requested to assemble at post headquar-
ters, Pioneer Hall, to-day (Tuesday), at J
o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral of Com-
rade Edwin R. Laws. By order of
JOHN C. INNES. Commander.
LEVY— In th!s> city. October 7. 1901. Solomon
Levy, beloved husband of Belle Levy, and
father of Joseph, Louis and Sadie Levy, a
native of London, England, aged 4$ years 4
months and 8 days.
LIMOUSIN— In this city, October 7, 1901, Pau-
line Limousin, beloved wife of C. Limousin,
mother of Charles E. Penez, and Bister of
Mrs. A.^.GIesa, J. V. Bretounel and B. P.
Bore, a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years 11 months and 20 days.
[CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LINDSAY— In this city, October 6, 1901. For-
rest, dearly beloved son of Jessie and Etta
Lindsay, and brother -of .-: Floyd and Ada
Lindsay, a native of Oregon, aged 4 years 11
months and 28 days. •< V ' \u25a0
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the "funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock,' from his late resi-
dence, 1323 Montgomery street, between Union
and Filbert. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
McCORMICK— In this city, October 6, 1901.
James, beloved husband of Margaret A. Mc-
Cormick, and father of Mrs. Charles' Hussey,
a member of Yerba .Buena Lodge No. 15,
I. O. O. F., a native of Ireland, aged 69
yean? 10 months and 2S days. . _ .
_~Friends and acquaintances are respe,«t-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, Seventh and Market streets. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors - of the California "Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
McNUTT— In this city, October 6, 1901, Maria
B. McNutt, beloved wife of Alex • McNutt.
and sister of Mrs. Cathrlna Frost, a native
of Germany. A member of San Francisco
Frauen Verein:
(CFrlends and acqualntdnces are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 22 John street, between Mason and
Powell. Jackeon and Pacific streets. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OFFICKRS and the committee of ,the San
Francisco Frauen Vereln are requested to
assemble at Druid Hall. 413 Sutter street, to-
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock sharp, to attend
the tuneral of our sister, Maria B. McNutt.
By order of MRS. L. GALL, President.
A. MAAS, Secretary.
MAGERS— In Alameda. October 6. 1901. Etta
Blanche, beloved daughter of Lemuel C. and
Llllie C. Magers. and sister of Lee de Witt,
Frank J., Jennie B., Lotta E. and Jessie E.
Magers, a native of Iowa, aged IS years and
23 days. . - - .
MEFRET— In this city, October 6, 1901. Xavier
F.. beloved husband of Maggie Mefret. and
father of George*, Gertrude. Armand and
Xavier Mefret. a native of France, aged 49
years A months and 28 days. A member of
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F. ; Ori-
ental . Encampment No. 57 I. O. O. F., and
Canton San Francisco No. 5, P. II., I. O.
O. F.
(E~Frlends _nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Seventh and Market streets. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
MERKLE— In this city, October 6, 1301, Joseph
S., beloved father of Harry. Mae, Edward,
Leila, Genevieve, Raymond »nd Walter Mer-
kle, a native ,-. of New York City, aged ~4S
years and 10 months.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the f.ineral to-day
. (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, fron? the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.. \u25a0 \ -
MEYERS— In. this city, October 8, 1901. infant
son of Harry and Jennie Meyers, a native of
San Francisco.
MULCREVY— In this city, October «. 1901.
James P., beloved husband of Rosa E. \u25a0 Mul-
crevy, and beloved son of Catherine and tho
late Martin Mulcrevy, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 40 years 8 months and 8 days.
IET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
. dence, 404 Halght street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. " Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city, October 7, 1901, Mar-
garet, relict of the late Richard Murray, and
aunt of William Regan and Mrs. Margaret
Shakespeare, a native of Sandy Cove, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years and fi months.
B_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late
/residence, 152% Clara street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crofs Cemetery. -
NEUNABER— In this city. October 7. 190L
Geslne, beloved wife of the late Henry Neu-
naber. and mother of Henry. Bertha. Etnil
and Walter Neunaber. a native of Sievern,
Germany, aged 58 years 4 months and 4 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances aYe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesdays at 2o* clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1759 Ellis street, between Steiner and
Pierce. \u25a0 .
NORRIS— In this city. October 6, 1901. Kate
W., beloved wife of Hiram J. Norris, and
'mother of Edith K. and Mabel J. Norris. a
:\u25a0 native of New York, aged 57 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2599B Howard street, near Twenty-
second, thence by electric funeral car from
corner of Twenty-second and Guerrero streets
at -2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
' Cemetery. • -
OLSEN— In this city. October 6. 1901. Anna
Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Louis and
Marv Olsen. a native of San Francisco, aged
PHILLIPS— In Alameda, October 5, 1901, Henry
Phillips, beloved husband of Weane Phillips
and father- of Edward P.. Maud S. and Nat
B. Phillips, a native of New York, aged GO
years. '
(C~5*" Ien d» are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral . services to-day (Tuesday),
at 10:30 o'clock, at his late residence. 1410
: Bay street, Alameda, Cal. Interment strictly
private. '
TURNER— In this city, October 7. 1901. Cephas
Turner, a native of Hampden, Me., aired 79
. years. . • " , v*
. ETNotice of -funeral hereafter. ',
WALTJEN— In this city, October 7. 190L John
Henry "Waltjen. beloved son of Delia and the
late John H. Waltjen. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 23 days.
YACKLEY— In the City and County Hospital.
. October 7, 1901. Joseph Yackley. a native ot
. Germany, aged 50 years. -\u25a0» - >'- J \u25a0COMMANDANT SNYMAN, OFFI
CER UNDER DEWET, WHO IS
NOW IN SAN FRANCISCO.
In writing from New York an official of
one of the prominent English railways,
who rode on the Pennsylvania limited,
says: \'I had a most pleasant journey
from Chicago to New York. Your train
far surpasses anything, we aspire to in
England." . . .
The famous • Pennsylvania limited de
parts from Chicago -union station "every
day at 5:30 p.m. on its twenty-four-hour
run to New York. Special Information
regarding the superior transportation fa
cilities offered by the Pennsylvania short
lines can be obtained by addressing- A S
J. Holt. Pacific Coast Agent, 30 Montgom
ery street, San Francisco. \u25a0
The Pennsylvanialiimited.
E. S. Pillsbury, amicus curlae, suggested
that the taking: of testimony be postponed
until this morning: at 11 o'clock, and the
court so ordered. The defendants in the
contempt proceedings- are Judge Arthur
H. Noyes, United States District Attor
ney Woods. ex-Congressman Thomas J.
Geary and C. A. Frost, an attorney. .
' The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals has made an order consolidating all
The Nome contempt cases came up yes
terday before United States Court Com
missioner Heacock, lie having been re
quested by the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals to take testimony in the mat
ter. The witnesses in attendance were
C. V. Borchsenius. Sam C. Dunham, W.
H. Metson, Kenneth M. Jackson, Charles
S. Johnson, W. T. Hume and Cornelius
Vawter. Mr. Borchsenius was clerk of
the court at Nome, Mr. Dunham is edi
tor of a newspaper there, W. H. Metson
•is an attorney of the city, Charles M.
Johnson was formerly Judge of the Unit
ed States District Court at Nome, W. T.
Hume is a member of the law . firm of
Hubbard, Beeman &'Hume at Nome, and
Mr. Vawter was United. States Marshal
at the time of the disturbances there.
United States Commissioner
Seacock.
All '.the Witnesses to Appear Before
NOME CONTEMPT CASES
TO COMB UP TO-DAY
McKinley Memorial Services.
The Ohio Society of California will hold
memorial services for the late President
William McKinley at Assembly Hall,
Native Sons' building, next Sunday after
noon. Members and friends are cordially
invited.
Stabbed in the Hand.
During a fight in a Chinese restaurant
During yesterday afternoon alarming
symptoms made themselves manifest and
the boy's condition gre\v rapidly worse.
Soon after 6 o'clock he breathed his last.
Young Seggau lived . at 62S Broadway
and worked as an expressman -with his
father. -
After the operation the patient regained
consciousness and some hope was ex
pressed for his recovery despite the fact
that the fracture was an . extended one.
The ambulance was telephoned for 'and
the injured boy was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital. An examination
showed that the youth had received a
fractured skull and a fracture of the
nose. The case necessitated an operation
and Drs. Bunnell and Von der Lieth tre
phined the skull to remove the pressure
on the brain.
Fred Seggau, a sixteen-year-old bicyr
clist, was fatally injured yesterday after
noon, the result of a collision, -with a
Fillmore street electric car. The unfor
tunate boy had been wheeling in Golden
Gato Park and was returning to his home.
Near the corner of -Fulton and Steiner
streets it is claimed he started to coast
down the hill toward Fillmore street.
As he neared that thoroughfare a north
bound car was passing and the boy tried
to clear it. His wheel -had attained such
momentum that before : the young rider
could regain control or even turn it he
ran head on into the- car. The force
of the collision threw young Seggau
heavily to the stone pavement. He was
in an unconscious condition when picked
up. • • • • . . \u25a0 .
Collides With Electric
Car and , Fractures y
His Skull.
Dr. W. D. Morrison of Los Angeles,
grand master workman of the Ancient Or
der of United Workmen, arrived In this
city yesterday and last night visited the
hall of Magnolia Lodge in the. Red Men's
building and addressed a joint meeting of
that lodge. Memorial, Superior, Unity and
Washington Lodges and the Past Mas
ters' Association. He stated that' he had
received a challenge from the grand
master of Michigan on the subject of in
crease of •membership before the close of
the year, and expressed the hope that
California -will carry away a valuable
banner, the prize offered. The meeting: was
also addressed by Past Master D. S.
Hirshberg, Grand Recorder C. T. Spen
cer, Grand Received Sam Booth and lesser
lights of the order.
Grand Master's Visit.
M. L. Woodruff, a popular young min
ing man, and Miss C. F. Ferguson,
daughter of Colonel S. B. Ferguson of
Mariposa, were married last evening at
the Lick House. The Rev. Chetwood of
Pacific Grove performed the wedding
ceremony. The parlors of the hotel were
beautifully decorated for the occasion
with choice cut flowers and palms. After
the ceremony, an elaborate supper was
served, twenty guests sitting down to the
repast. The happy young couple leave
shortly for England to visit the former
home of the bridegroom.
Pretty Hotel Wedding.
Ihe auction sale will commence Mon
day. October 14, daily at 11 a. m. and 2
p. m.
Mr. Mihran was the first to introduce
Oriental rugs on this coast. He Is the old
est dealer in the city and. being a most
experienced collector and closest buyer,
has been able to secure these rugs at such
nominal prices that he can well afford to
conduct an unreserved sale to reach his
aim.
Mr. Mihran was good as his word when,
before leaving on his collecting, he said
he would bring the largest and most val
uable collection to make San Francisco
the rug-buying center of the West. To
da so he will offer this stupendous collec
tion at most legitimate auction sale and
sell the rugs at so great bargains as to
attract the public and the trade.
ICext Friday San Francisco will witness
the most extensive exhibit of Oriental
rugs, when Mr. M. B. Mihran will throw
open to the public his new art rooms at
332 Post street, near Powell, under the
Savoy Hotel, where the public will see
3000 of the most select Persian rugs ever
exposed to public criticism.
Rugs of great value, of remarkable dis
tinction, of royal texture, silk rugs, silk
carpets, silk serpents, silk klrmans, tab
rizes, and also many from such districts
\u25a0which were for the first time robbed of
their treasures— as from Meshed, On
moushgabud. Mishkebab— rugs of great
beauty.
The Kalipha's silk carpet made by his
favorite wife, the finest yet made, with
over eight million stitches, originally val
ued at $20,000. is the most wonderful piece
of art in coloring and design, and Is what
taste devises, passion desires, luxury
craves.
The Coming Great Oriental Bug Event
at Sacramento" street and Waverly place
last evening Yee Kaing. a Chinese cook,
was stabbed in the left hand by Lung
Hun, a laborer.
The wounded man was treated at the
Receiving Hospital while his assailant
was locked up in the City Prison on a
charge of an assault to commit murder.
AMONG the arrivals at the Palace
is Commandant W. D. Snyman,
who served in the Boer army up
till January of this year on the
staff of General Dewet.
Snyman is a tall, broad-shouldered man,
YOUNG CYCLIST
FATALLY HURT
In the prime of life, every inch a soldier.
He was born in South Africa and has had
two brothers killed on the battlefield
while fighting for the Boer cause. He was
delegated to come to this country and col
lect what money he could. for the relief of
the contempt cases, so that separate ex
aminations may be dispensed with,,, thus
effecting a great saving of time.
In the matter of the motion for a stay
of sentence filed by Crlttenden Thornton
.in the case of the United States against
J. M. Neall, convicted of forgery. United
States District Judge de Haven yesterday
allowed Mr. Thornton ten days in which
to file a bill of exceptions.
Exceptions in the Neall Case.
Matters- along the water front are
gradually resuming their . ante-strike
state. Those of the regular stevedores
engaged in- discharging coal vessels are
still hanging back - on . account of th^ re
duction in remuneration, but it is not
expected that this hesitancy will con
tinue in the face of the present. surplus
idle labor. ' The pile-drivers are also
holding, out for the right to fill foreman
positions with union men.
The Draymen's Association has decided
to force the union men to < abide by the
agreement not to interfere with non-union
drivers, and will 'discharge summarily
any one impeding or hampering a fellow
employe in anyway.
It was reported at the headquartei-3 of
the Draymen's Association yesterday
that fully 100 men had been taken back
by the draymen during the day. There
ere still 300 -men -who are looking- for re
employment, but for the present there is
little likelihood that their wish will be
gratified. The larger draymen are not
running up to their full capacity. While
the- resumption of operations has largely
Increased the demand* for teams and
men,- it has not been sufficient
to force the draymen to place all their
trucks in corilmission. \
Will Protect Non-TJnion Men.
The members of the Metal Trades As
sociation are exceedingly active. At
their meeting last week a resolution was
adopted pledging all members of the as
sociation to stand firm for ten hours as
a day's work. In other words, it was re
solved to continue the fight against nine
hours with firmer resolution than ever.
The arrival of machinists from the East
in increasing numbers has "been a source
of great encouragement to the ironrnen,
and it is quite likely that there will be
little wavering in their disposition to
light the strikers to the bitter end.
The teamsters who are returning to
their trucks express themselves as satis
fied with the terms of the settlement of
the strike. They declare that the non
union drivers are giving up their jobs
gradually, and that in a few weeks none
of them will be handling reins. That
there is some truth in this is evidenced
by the fact that many of the non-union
teamsters who collected their bonuses
from the Draymen's Association yester
day announced their intention to leave
the ! city . or seek some other avenue of
employment. It is estimated that over
125 non-union teamsters are still at work,
but how long they will continue to face
the hostility of the union teamsters re
mains to be seen.
While the strike of the machinists is
stlll'on, there are signs of disintegration
among tho strikers, and the members of
the metal trades express the belief that
the dispute will ere long be settled. The
various iron, works, notably the Union
and Risdon, are making daily additions
to their forces. During the past week
the Union Iron Works gave employment
to nearly one hundred new men, some of
that number being union machinists who
went on strike in May last. The num
ber of new men admitted to the works
yesterday was twenty-seven, and of these
two were union maphinists. The Risdon
force was increased on Saturday and
yesterday by twenty men. All of these
are new arrivals from the East. It is
reported that other iron institutions have
made corresponding gains during the past
few days.
Insist on Ten Hours.
The echoes of the. . strike which dis
turbed the public mind for so many
weeks are* fast dying away. The hum of
industry grows louder as the hours pass,
and in a few more Jays the accustomed
Industrial activity will have been re
stored. The teamsters are gradually se
curing their old places, while along the
water front the thousands of men who
went out on a sympathetic strike are be
ginning to speak of the disturbance as
something that happened long ago and
is soon to be forgotten. ....
Union and Risdon Works
Are Daily Increasing
Their Forces.
the widows' and orphans* fund. He will
remain In this city several days and will,
if agreeable to the members of the Bohe
mian Club, deliver a lecture to them be
fore leaving.
In an interview yesterday he said:
The - telegraph reports of the misery, BiOknees
and deaths in the refugee camps instituted by
the English are correct. The English soldiers
no longer hope to attain final success by fight
ing with us, but have turned their attention to
waging war with our women and children.
I would very much like to explain to the
American people that the reports of the war
«Eent out by the British Government are totally
incorrect. If these reports were true there
. would not be a Boer alive to-day. We are In
the fight to stay and will never surrender.
.They may kill the Boers off one by cne, but we
will fight until our last drop of blood is
spilled. The. British soldiers are certainly
. plucky fighters, but they do not know the right
way to fight. One essential thing Is that they
do not know how to take care of their horses.
Police Officer Luther M. Say arrived
Saturday from Dawson, where he has
spent several years digging for gold. He
has an interest in a claim which he ex
gects will make him independently rich,
ay, who has a host of friends in this
city, will return to Dawson next month.
Returns From Dawson.
The Ely the Company vs. Florence BIyth*
Hlnckley et al.— Judgment affirmed on th»
ground that the bill of review had not been
filed in time.
Edward B. Pond et al., bondsmen for O. M.
Welburn, vs. United States— Judgment affirmed
with costs, except that Judge Morrow's decrea
exempting the estate of Dougherty Is reversed.
Viktor Petterson et al. vs. Empire Transpor
tation Company— Judgment affirmed.
United States vs. Chun Hoy (Hawaii)—Judg
ment affirmed. .
S. S. Noyo and J. P. Jacobsen vs. Lewis
Klondike Expedition Company (tVaahingtonV—
Decree affirmed. - ....
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals began its term session in tljfi city
yesterday morning. Judges Gllbe^fc. Mor
row, Ross and Hawley presiding. Decis
ions were handed down as follows:
The Oregon Short Line Railroa'i Company Jk%.
the Postal Telegraph Cable ComiVny ot Idalu*—
Judgment affirmed. 1
United States vs. Charles Elsenbrls et al., and
8. M. Long et al. vs. Charles Elsenbels et al. —
Judgment affirmed. . \>
A number of philanthropic people and
early settlers who know Johnson Sides
telephoned The Call yesterday, and sev
eral sums of money were left for the old
chief to "help in his hour of distress, the
largest contribution being $50 from Con
gressman Newlands. Johnson Sides will
leave for Reno this evening with quite a
neat little sum in his pocket.
Aged Johnson Sides, chief of the Wa
shoe Piute Indians, is now happy. Under
the guarding wing of Stephen T. Gage, the
old railroad official, Johnson Sides was
taken up to the "big yellow building" yes
terday, and after he had been Introduced
to Secretary Ingram a pass was issued to
take him to his home in Reno.
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT
APPEAL COITRT MEET9
JOHNSON" SIDES GETS PASS
BACK TO HIS OLD HOME
IRONMEN ARE
MAKING GAINS
The' trials and tribulations that encom
passed the married life of Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur Ladewigr were heard for the sec
ond time In Judge Seawell's court yester
day. The action for divorce instituted by
the young, real estate man on account of
his wife's alleged cruelty, which grew out
of an attempt made by Mrs. Ladewig to
horsewhip him at the office of Bovee, Toy
& Sonntag, developed yesterday into an
action which afforded _ the neighbors of
the young couple an opportunity to tell
what they know of how the young couple
behsved at home.
The principal" witnesses for Mrs. Lade
wig were Mrs. Fisher and her son, who
lived next door to the Ladewigs. Tha
son testified that on several occasions he
saw Arthur Ladewig talking to ladies
near, his home, and his mother testified
| that- she heard Ladewig threaten to cut
j his wife's thi/oat. Mrs. Fisher also told
the court that when she remonstrated
with Ladewig for using such bad lan
guage he politely consigned her to the
warm regions.
The typewriter employed by the real
estate firm testified that the buggy rides
she took with Ladewig consisted of trips
from the office to her home in the rig
used by Ladewig In transacting the busi
ness of the firm.
• She said she lived within a very few
blocks of the Ladewigs and that she fre
quently accepted his invitation to ride
home with him. She said she felt very
grateful to Mr. Ladewig, as he helped
her considerably with her work and saved
her from losing her position by pointing
out to her mistakes she had made. She
acmitted presenting a locket to. Ladewig,
but said she thought by doing so she
could show her appreciation of his kind
ness to her. She also told of how Mrs.
Ladewig assaulted her at the office where
she was employed and called her vile
names. The case was continued by Judge
Seawell until 10 o'clock to-day.
The , following suits for divorce were
filed yesterday: Cecelia- F. Whalen
against William J. "Whalen for failure to
provide; Alfred "W. McQueen against An
nie L. McOueen for desertion; Eva Ber
nice Wallace against Edward Wallace for
cruelty and Ella Prodgers against Charles
Prodgers for cruelty.
F.'.ora Taylor was granted a divorce
from Joseph Taylor on the ground of cru
elty yesterday and Margaret Montgomery
was freed from Samuel M. Montgomery
on the same grounds.
There is gossip in Republican circles
that Judge Edward Sweeney of Shasta,
who aspires to the Republican nomina
tion for Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court, is to be sidetracked in order
to give the right of way to W. C. Van
Fleet. There is much talk of a Perklns-
Pardee combine. It is regarded as settled
that Gage will go Into the fight for
United States Senator against Perkins as
soon as he discovers that he cannot win
a renomination for Governor. 4
The fact is noted in political circles
(hat topics relating to the gubernatorial
campaign of next year are eagerly dis
cussed. The new apportionment law de
fining the Legislative and Congressional
districts goes into effect three months
lience. The district boundaries through
out the State are generally changed, and
•he changes demand reorganization of
committees. Much of the preliminary
work of readjustment for the political
battle of November. 1902, must be done
by the existing State Central committees
respectively of the Republican and Dem
ocratic parties. New committees can
not be created before late in August or
early in September of next year, because
delegates to the State convention can
not be chosen under the primary election
law until the second Tuesday of August.
Many of the politicians are guessing that
a vigorous fight will be made to over
throw the law. The sharp fight for con
trol in the County Committee in the
late Republican .convention signified to
the spectators that something invisible to
the multitude was involved in the con
test.
Gubernatorial Topics.
The candidates of the labor party must
go on the ballot by petition, as tlie fol
lowers of the party did not elect dele
gates to a convention under the pro
visions of the primary election law. The
Board of Election Commissioners will
consider the petition to-day or to-mor
row. Friends of Mr. Schmitz aver that
the petition contains 32iW names, the re
quirement being 1930. The acceptance of
the petition will not give the Lnion .La
bor nominees party designation on the
ballot. Such designation is limited to
nominees of conventions called under tiie
provisions of the primary law. . The
names of the candidates, however, will
be printed on the ballot. The leader of
the labor party, believing that his fences
south of AlarKet are in good condition,
is devoting his time to political work in
the other sections of the city. '
Politicians preaict that 00,000 of \u25a0 the
75,000 registered voters will participate in
the election. Events of the next four
weeks may cause a deeper interest in
ihe contest than is now foreshadowed,
and hence a larger vote than seems prob
able at this time may be cast. The in
dorsement of candidates by the Liquor
Dealers' Association is awaited with more
ihan the usual degree of interest. The
members of the association who are au
thorized to act for the whole body will
meet, it is said, Thursday of next week.
Case of Labor Candidates.
The supporters of Asa R. Wells pro
fess the greatest confidence in his suc
cess at the polls on November 5. The ad
mirers cf Joseph S. Tobin assert that the
race will narrow down to a contest be
tween the Democratic nominee for Mayor
and Kugene E. Schmitz, the candidate of
the Union Labor party. ..
Candidates are out among their friends
and acquaintances making individual
campaigns for the favor of their fellow
citizens. Some of the nominees have es
tablished headquarters of their own,
where their friends may have a common
rallying point. In many of the leadins
saloons banners and other devices are
displayed to allure the voter. In a gen
eral sense the comment regarding the
Democratic nominations for the Board
ot Supervisors is favorable. Wagerstiave
been offered and readily accepted on
even terms that a majority of the Demo
cratic ticket would be elected.
Judge Sweeney of Shasta to
Give Right of Way to .
W. C. Van Fleet.
Ladewigs Again Air Family
Dissensions in Judge
Sea-well's Court.
Makes a Wife Jealous by
Giving Locket to
Husband.
Commandant Snyman Says England No Longer Hopes for Success
by Battling With Other Than Women and Children, and Must
Shed the Last Drop of Patriots' Blood to Win the Fight
Estimate That the Vote
Will Not Exceed
Sixty Thousand.
RIVAL NOMINEES
ARE CONFIDENT
DEATH, ILLNESS AND MISERY PREVAIL
IN REFUGEE CAMPS OF THE BOERS
EMPLOYEE'S GOFT
CAUSES TROUBLE
THIS SAJV Ij It A JNUXSLJ^y UAliL,, TlliSUA r. <JUTOI5ER 8, 1901-
14
SALE OF WOMEN'S BLACK MER-
CERIZED SATEEN WAISTS,
QQ r BLACK '. MERCERIZED
vJ^ L " SATEEN -.WAISTS, better,
value than the best 50c waist sold
elsewhere. V '.
4« r BLACK ' MERCERIZED
Jl " - SATEEN WAISTS, good
75c quality. .
fi5 r BLACK ITALIAN SAT-
VJC> EEN WAISTS, entire front
and back tucked— sold all over at
$1.00.
QC? r for the best BLACK MER-
CERIZED .SATEEN
WAISTS,.- entire front and back
composed of one, mass of fine tucks,
considered good value at>$1.5O.
~ 3 SPECIALSl WOMEN'S
EIDERDOWN DRESSING SACQUES
4.Q r DRESSING SACQUES, of
Zf^' good Eiderdown; fitted
back, hand crocheted edge of
worsted, silk ribbon bows, nicely
finished; come in solid ' colors of
Red, Gray, Pink and Blue; worth
double.
(jCJc DRESSING SACQUES
of fine quality Eiderdown;
tight-fitting back, military, front,
trimmed with silk ribbon- and silk
cords — other houses sell similar
sacques for $1.00.-
QK r DRESSING SACQUES
zr - rK " of; all-wool' Eiderdown;
tight-fitting back, with large roll,
collar on band, trimmed \ with silk
cords and buttons; silk ribbon
bbws; sacque crocheted in worsted;
good $1.50 value.
WE CLOSE AT SIX Q'CIXKTK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST. V
Between Taylor and Jones.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\u25a0" ADVERTISEMENTS.
I p f H \\\ _:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 j f j[
ii*^-_fr * . i i ft i 111 «j* i '
• . . ' . Y
I have cured about 49.000 men like you, and I can cure you. You ax© a
broken man as a result of living- a reckless, fast life; your errors of youth
and dissipation in manhood have drained the vital force from your body*
you have losses and your manly vigor la, slowly oozing away. Before you
are forty life will have lost all its pleasures for you unless you stop this
drain now.
I will stop It and renew the vigor of youth. My Klectrlc Belt with special
Electric Sack Suspensory will convey new life to your organs, check the loss,
renew all your old strength and make you a man among men.
I Guarantee a Cure
My Belt cannot fall. I give each case special advice, and with my pow-
erful Belt a cure Is guaranteed. Read this:
DR. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Str: I have used your Belt with treat success for
seminal weakness and will always be pleased to speak a good -word for It
Downey, Cal.. Aug. 15. 1901. c. A. PHILLIPS.
FRFF ROOK Don't suffer»any more. You will find strength and hap-
i ull uvrvru* piness In this ' life-giver. It will save you years of torture
and hundreds of dollars In doctor bills if you get it now. "Write for my beauti-
fully illustrated book, showing how It is applied, with prices and testimo-
nials. I send it sealed free, if you send this ad.
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin,
OFFICE HOURS — 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m to 1 p. m
Never sold in drug stores or by agents. •* '
\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0«.i.,m.,i Jjd
STYLE and COMFORT can leading business college of the wes
\u25a0 .,,,..,-. 2-t Post st.. San Francisco. Cal.
JUSt aS Well be Obtained in Lar- Established Nearly <0 years. Open Entire Tear
, ., , Write for 80-paga catalogue (freeX.
nages as in clothes or other .
wearing apparel. Do not be sat- SAN FRA^^ a^ c S t IIS S E t^t^ OLLEGE '
isfied with an old, out-of-date C o^anl s b^
vehicle, buy- a STUDEBAKER. I h b ? e r . tha £ d y !*£ S«« te S% t .'&i3g,'«s£
l"f L <J i^lJ'JDi-^AiC^ UiiiBlHfl 3° »««• experience, treatln,
Oto/^o rf*iL*m™r •\u25a0"\u25a0""MA DISEASES OF MEN
. Market and Tenth Streets. Weekly Call, $1 per 1&aT
COPYRIGHT 1t»« Br THE PROCTER * GAMBLE CO. CINCINNATI
A GREAT MAN'S IDEA. %
f 1 IENIUS, as Ruskin defines it, is simply
a superior power of seeing. Have you
I the genius to see how important an
element in the success of your house-keeping
is the use of Ivory Soap? Judged by the work
it does Ivory is the cheapest soap in America
to-day. It is harmless. Embroideries, laces
and delicate stuffs should be washed only
with Ivory Soap.
B . like little folks' education, are of the great- BV
/yv est importance to the future welfare of md
1 1 1 the possessor. Recognizing the needs of W
HU, little people we have just obtained for our §r
JS& JUVENILE DEPARTMENT large shipments I
of the prettiest shoes we have ever had, g
fi^J^jp^' /2v made from excellent materials by the best 3
IL s^ 10ema^ ers - One of their most striking I
characteristics is the orthopedic shape, a
§ F?l which clothes the child's foot in such a I
- |\ \ way as to allow perfectly free development \u25a0
vT^t m llea^^ y ' act » v e exe-cise. It is not alone econ- 3
sg^s*' omy to procure these shoes. It is a positive ne- h
!p7f® cessity; for no saving of money can compensate If
(*Tf I I for the physical injury inflicted by the ill-fitting H
jJ/l 5 footwear that is generally imposed on children H
« ml 9 els where. Our new stock will richly reward I