Justice Jerome Decides That the Testimony of Valet
Jones Is Corroborated Sufficiently to Connect the
. Accused Attorney With the Terrible Crime Charged
ALBERT T. PATRICK IS HELD
ON THE CHARGE OF MURDERING
MILLIONAIRE RICE OF TEXAS
Transcontinental Passenger Association Appoints a Com
mittee to Report Upon the Question of Rates for the
Coming Conventions in Cities of the Pacific Northwest
RAILWAY MEN COMBINE A TITHE
OF WORK WITH MUCH OUTDOOR
RECREATION AT GAY DEL MONTE
tion was called to order by Chairman J.
Charlton. The only business done was the
appointment of a committee of three to
consider rate questions, with special refer
ence to the coming conventions in the
Northwest. There are In all twelve of
these subjects on the docket and they will
be decided first. They Include the bien
nial Baptist Convention and the Travelers'
Protective Association meeting, to be held
in Portland in July of this year. The fol
lowing constitute the committee, which
NEW YORK, April 16.-Albert T.
Patrick, accused of having killed
"William Marsh Rice on Septem
ber 23 last, as the culmination of
a plot to gain possession df his
millions, was to-day held for the Grand
Jury by Justice Jerome as a. result "of his
preliminary examination. No simultan
eous action was taken by Judge Jerome
in the case of Charles F. Jones, the valet
secretary of the aged millionaire, who tes
tified that he had killed his benefactor at
Patrick's instigation. -
In regard to the Jones case, however.
PETER JACKSON PENNILESS
AND DYING IN/ AUSTRALIA
Big Colored Fighter Said to Be De-
pendent on the Charity of
Friends.
NEW YORK.; April- 16,-It is ' ml
thought that Peter Jackson will ever re
turn to America again, as was reported
According to a letter received in this city
by Sam Fitzpatrlck from Australia the
noted colored heavyweight pugilist is
slowly dying of consumption at Sydney"
"The big fellow. Is only, a shadow of his
former self," . Fitzpatrick's informant
writes. "He is so weak and helpless that
it is hard for him to move to and fro
without difficulty. When he arrived hero
from America Peter was sick. He looked
pretty bad, but soon began to pick \ up.
He opened a boxing school, but was not
as strong as of old and naturally had to
abandon it. We got up a benefit for him
and this helped him out a trifle. He has
been unable to work sli^pe and his money
soon went. , Jackson is stone broke and
has to depend on the charity of his
friends to live." • .. ~_
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, April 16.— Unless
a decided change In the. attituda of the
powers occurs China will have to pay the
exorbitant indemnity which has been
claimed.. Information received at' the
State. Department from Special Commis
sioner Rockhill announces that six pow
ers will vote solidly to compel China to
pay every claim filed. These are Ger
many, Austria, Italy, Belgium, Holland
and Spain. Russia and - France, upon
which the administration depended [for
support, seem to have determined to.r« :
quire reimbursement fur the expense they
have incurred and tho losses sustained.
But even with Russia and France votlntf
with the United States, Great Britain and
Japan, the powers in favor of moderation
would have one vote less than those who
insist upon full'settlement. .. •
Notwithstanding this disheartening sit
uation the authorities mrall that the Ger
man proposals for extensive punishments
were rejected when she was able to mus
ter in solid line fou,r other nations—Aus
tria, Belgium, Italy and Holland. Rus^a
and France, however, were in favor of
moderation, so that. It was comparatively
easy to obtain rejection of the blood*
thirsty demands of the German Govern
ment. 'A -more difficult problem is now
presented, as there Is ' the, question of
gain, which, is naturally attractive to tho
smaller nations. Additional Information
from Rockhill shows that Russia's claims
amount to exactly. $S7,500,000 and France's
to $56,000,000:
BERLIN, April 16.— Germany appears
to have claimed an enormous Indemnity
merely. In order to be able to grant a^con
siderable reduction in . consideration of
China's making immediate payment. The
semi-official Post says: "The total will in
cial mentions by cordial acknowledg
ments of the services of Sir Alfred Milner
and General Kitchener. Paragraphs com
plimenting almost all the division and
brigade commanders follow, including
Generals White, • Methuen, Baden-Powell
Kelly-Kenny. French, Arthur Pag-et and
Pole-Carew. General Buller is mentioned
first after the staff officers, but in merely
formal terms, without 'commendation
Details of the stores handled, he says,
show there were 1,031,000 round3 of artil
lery ammunition, 122,000,000 rounds of am
munition for rifles and machine guns and
2,000,000 pairs of horseshoes.
ists who could not speak English."
Mrs. Richard Chamberlain went to
South Africa early In the war and re
turned to England toward the end of last
summer.
Praises American Wagons.
Another dispatch from Lord Roberts on
the subject of the South African cam
paign, dated April 2, has been published
In the Gazette. It. largely concerns the
transport service and says the mule trans
port consisted of what are called in South
Africa buck wagons, carrying a load of
3500 pounds, drawn by ten mules each,
with two native drivers. After mention
ing the serviceable wagons made in Cape
Colony and the frequent re-tiring and
other repairs, which the English-made
wagons required, Lord Roberts said:
"Six buck wagons were imported for
trial from the United "States: These
proved to be superior to any other pat
tern of either Cape or Englioh manufac
ture. The wheels were of hickory, the
bodies of black walnut and the metal
work of steel. The superiority of these
vehicles was doubtless due to the fact
that mule wagons are largely used in
America for the carrying of goods as well
as for military transport. The manufac
turers have therefore learned by practical
experience what is the best type of wagon
and what are the most suitable materials
in building them. It may be added that
the wagons in question cost considerably
less than the Bristol pattern wagons."
. Lord Roberts, in his dispatch, goes over
all branches of the service, and in review
ing the hospital department mentions the
American hospital ship Maine, "fitted out
and maintained by the splendid generosity
of private individuals and the committee
of American ladies."
Lord Roberts heads eleven pages of spe-
General Chaff ee Honored. -
PEKING, April 16.— General Chaffee's
LONDON, April 17.— Dr. Morrison, wir
ing to the Times from Peking yesterday,
says: "At the meeting of the Ministers
of the powers to-day It was decided to
adopt the recommendation of Mr. Rock
hill, giving effect to article 13 of the Joint
note concerning the reform of the Tsung
li-Yamenjand the modification of the court
ceremonial. It was agreed that In place
of Tsung-li-Tamen there shall be a Waie
mu-Pu, or board of foreign affairs, hav
ing precedence over other boards. It Is
to consist of a president, whfch sh^l be
an Imperial prince/ and of two Ministers,
one being the president of a board and
the other a member of the Grand Council,
with direct access to the Emperor. There
will also be two Vice Ministers having
knowledge of foreign affairs, one of them
speaking a foreign language.'
"With regard to court ceremonial, the
Ministers of the powers when about to be
received in audience will be conveyed In
imperial chairs to the palace through the
central gateways and be received In the
halls, where the Emperor is accustomed
to entertain the imperial- princes; and
they will be shown honor equal to that
shown by European sovereigns to foreign
Emtassadors." •>¦
1 Kisform in Foreign Office.
any case be a very big. one, so that it Is
scarcely to be anticipated that China.' will
be in a position to pay indemnity straight
away.'^ - ,'¦.•'
Thus the powers will have' to consider
the question whether 'it is preferable to
take payment by installments extending
over a long period or whether It. Is better
to be contented with smaller indemnity,
the amount of which China might be able
to secure at once by contracting a loan.
Discussing the South African war at a
meeting held at Canning Town Mrs. Rich
ard Chamberlain made a lively attack on
the Colonial Secretary, Joseph Chamber
lain. "It Is all well." said she, "for men
like my brother-in-law. Joe, to say that
farm-burning is all right, but how can he
know about farms cr farming? Who was
his father? He was a little screw-maker,
a very respectable profession, but it does
not teach much about farms. It Is no pood
sending out screw-makers or anything of
that sort. The wsr was not made for
T"ncl«J"*- but for Johannesburg capital-
A special dispatch from Cape Town un
der Tuesday's date says forty Boers re
cently met at Boshoff and solemnly re
elected Stej-n President of the Orange
Free State.
Steyn Be-elected President.
A dispatch to the Times from Mlddle
burg. Transvaal, says: Operations in the
Eastern Transvaal have been! begun.
There is no doubt that Acting President
Schalkberger, General Botha, Mr. Steyn
and General Dewet had a meeting at Er
rnelio. but their subsequent movements
are obscure. Raids on the railway have
become less frequent.
LONDON, April 17.— Sir Alfred .Milner.
according to the Daily Chronicle, Is com
ing to England early next month and will
remain two months to recruit his health,
which has been severely tried by his ardu
ous labors in South Africa. Most of the
rooming papers comment upon the effect
which his absence at a critical moment is
likely to have on the campaign, recalling
the fact that General Botha made the ob
jections to Sir Alfred Milner one of the
chief reasons for rejecting the peace
terms. It Is expected the Boers will im
pute Sir Alfred's absence to political mo
tives.
The Chinese court has replied to the
recommendations of Japan on the subject
that it is impossible for the Emperor to
return to Peking until the country's
guests leave. '>'*'• -:
At a meetinsr of the Ministers to-day
the situation generally and Field Marshal
von Waldersee's report were considered,
but nothing definite was decided upon.
Senor Cologan, the Spanish Minister ta
China, made similar remarks In behalf of
the diplomatic corps.
A force of 1100 German and 1000 French
troops leave here 'to-morrow to Join th«
Paotlngfu expedition against Lien Kwang
Tlngf.
birthday dinner yesterday was also a. sort
of formal farewell by the Americans to
Peking. Field Marshal von Waldersee
and all the generals with their staffs were
present, as weir as all the Ministers and
their secretaries. The field marshal made
a speech, in the course of which, he said
it was an occasion of congratulation and
sorrow— the first on the occasion of Gen
eral Chaff ee's birthday, and the second
owing to the Americans' departure. Every
foreigner in China bade godspeed to Gen
eral Chaff ee and the brave men under
him, for none had made themselves more
generally popular. For General Chaffe*
personally he felt admiration and esteem
and all present must feel the same.
filled with natives fell down a deep shaft
of the Geldenhul3 mine. Twenty-six of
the natives were killed, • .
prisoned in a Descending
Cage.
JOHANNESBURG. April IB.— A. cage
TWENTY-SIX PLUNGE DOWN
MINING SHAFT TO DEATH
Terrible Fate of Native "Miners Im-
¦ * ' ¦ > : ¦ • »..¦.,...•.
Germany, Austria, Italy, Belgium, Holland and- Spain Unite to
Exact Exorbitant Indemnity. . % ¦
Absence of Sir Alfred From the Scene of Strife Will Be Imputed by
the Boers to Political'Motives.
SpeciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
DEL MONTE, April 16.— The balmy
weather and the many outdoor
attractions, including driving,
bicycling and bathing, proved a
great temptation to the railroad
men who are attending the quarterly
meeting of the Transcontinental Passen-
g-er Association, with the result that lit
tle was accomplished to-day.
George A. Nicholson, passenger traffic
manager of the Santa Fe, with headquar
ters in Chicago, arrived this morning with
the Chicago contingent on a special train.
After the Chicagoans ' had partaken- of
luncheon the first mating of the associa-
— _ -— ¦ ¦ — j ¦•»•
will report to the association , to-morrow:
J. M." Scott, ¦Union" Pacific;' aTfT Merrill^
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul, and W.
A. Lalor, Baltimore and Ohio.
The most important subject to come up
to-morrow will be the special rate which
the northern lines have made for the Ep
worth League Convention in San Fran
cisco. This will be settled at the after
noon meeting and it is certain that the
northern lines will have to sell direct to
San Francisco or the other roads will not
exchange.
G. W. Luce, Los Angeles agent for the
New York Central, is charged with base
ingratitude by his confreres. He was in
vited by the Chicago contingent to board
its special train in Los Angeles and to
travel upon it to Del Monte. The train
stopped over night at Paso Robles. Luce
this morning procured an old cloth ban
.ner that was hanging in the hotel bearing
in bold letters the legend "The Old Maids'
Convention," and hung it on the outside
of one of . the coaches. The train pulled
into Del Monte with the sign in plain
view, the Chicago men not being aware
of the fact. When they learned of the
joke Luce was tried and found guilty.
He will come up for sentence to-morrow
morning.
Most of thd railioad men are accom
panied by their wives.
HIGH COMMISSIONER MILNER TO LEAVE
SOUTH AFRICA AND JOURNEY TO ENGLAND
some significance is believed. to attach to
Judge Jerome^s assertion that he wanted.
th&-former>valct'»*>tstiiEony-fligned^and
certified.'; In. the ; <J^;ision the Judge says
an examination of tne evidence satisfied
him that Jones is adequately corrobo
rated, within the meaning of the statute,
by : evidence tending to connect Patrick
with . the crime charged.
Assistant District Attorney Osbofne said
the decision was just what he expected.
"I think I have enough evidence to con
vict Patrick," he added. "There will be
as little delay as possible in going to the
Grand Jury and there can be no doubt
as to the result." .
RESCUED SEALERS WHILE
FURIOUS GALE PREVAILED
Steamer Greenland Lands Nineteen
of the Wrecked Hope's
. Crew.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., April 16.— The seal
ing steamer Greenland arrived here this
morning, having rescued nineteen mem
bers of the crew of the sealing steamer
Hope, which was wrecked on Bryon
Island in the Gulf of St. Lawrence. All
are well. The Hope was broken nip by
the furious gales, but her cargo of 5000
seals was saved.
Fearful weather was encountered by the •
Greenland, which had her decks swept,
lost a lot of gear, was forced to lay to for
two days and could not approach Bryon
Island. Ultimately she had to embark
the Hope's crew in boats. . .
WILL TAKE FOUR MONTHS
* TO PREPARE WESTMINSTER
SIX POWERS INTEND TO VOTE SOLIDLY
TO COMPEL CHINA TO PAY ALL CLAIMS
Scene of Edward's Coronation Next
June Will Be Closed for That
Period.
LONDON, April 16.— The coronation of
King Edward will take place at the end
of June, 4%2. "Westminster Abbey, ac
cording to Truth, will be entirely "closed
to the public for four months prior to the
event, and all services will be suspended
In order to i prepare the interior, for the
ceremony. The details of the " ceremonial
will be settled next week by a committee
ALBERT T. PATRICK, THE
I TEXAS LAWYER, HELD FOR
RICE'S MURDER.
of the Privy Council.
. WASHINGTON, .April 16.— It Is prob
able that Major General' Corbln. adjutant
general, will be named to represent the
United States at the coronation of King
EdWard VII. i -
SNAPSHOTS OF PROMINENT RAIL
ROAD MEN WHO ARE NOW AT
DEL MONTE.
MANILA, April 16.— A court-martial has
been convened and will meet to-morrow
to try Lieutenant Frederick Boyer,
charge'd with the embezzlement of com
missary stores. Captain Frederick J.
Barrows of the Thirtieth Volunteer In
fantry will be .tried later. A civilian
named Fletcher, accused of unlawful con
version of commissary stores, will be
tried by the provincial court to-morrow.
Speaking- of the commissary scandals, a
prominent army officer said to the repre
sentative of the Associated Press that he
had every reason to believe that Colonel
"Woodruff, head of the subsistence depart
ment at Manila, was 'not implicated. He
said that Colonel Woodruff was one of
the ablest men in the service and that
his honesty was unquestioned. He assert-
ed that Colonel Woodruff was "ignorant of
the fact that Harold M. Pitt, manager of
Evans & Co., the army contractors, was
leasing him the house in which he lived
for much less rental than ;Pitt had paid
therefor. On discovering this Colonel
Woodruff immediately vacated the house.
Deceived by Manager Pitt.
Pitt is alleged to have said that Cap
tain Read of the commissary department
deceived Colonel Woodruff, who thought
Captain Read to be thoroughly honest.
The irregularities in commissary matters
were first attributed to Captain Read's
unfamlliarity with commissary work.
Colonel Woodruff was reluctant to believe
that frauds were being perpetrated, but
the facts disclosed " caused him to give
Captain Read a most severe reprimand
and to begin an investigation which may
involve, according to the. prominent army
officer previously referred to, the, examin
ationor C;;^tain_Dayis t , i \vhn =^B'a a. Jjje _d^-,
pot commissary before CaptainjRead, but
who was sent home on sick leave.^ •¦ •
Disposes of Friar Question:
CEBU, Isle of Cebu, P. I., April 16.—
Judge Taft, president of the Phillippino
Commission, says that Mgr. Chapello,
u-c papal delegate to the Philippines, told
him the friars were not to return to the
province and that only a sufficient num
ber of these were now in Manila to act
as instructors in the colleges. This ¦ dis
poses of the troublesome "friar question."
Cebu is the first island to be visited by
the commission upon which the insurrec
tion is still active. It is unsafe to leave
the city of Cebu without an armed escort.
The delegates from the towns of- the isl
and who are now here are anxious for
the establishment of a provincial govern
ment, which they believe Would assist in
ending the insurrection in Cebu.
DAVIS IS IN WASHINGTON.
Denies Report That . His Received
Money From Army Contractors.
WASHINGTON, . April 16.— Secretary
Root to-day cabled General MacArthur
asking for additional information con •
cerning the reports of frauds in Manila.
It is expected that a reply will be re
ceived to-morrow. While definite instruc
tions have not been given General Mac-
Arthur heretofore to make a searching
and complete investigation, it is under
stood that the requests for information
were of a character to imply that the de
partment expected such an investigation
shotild be made. Nothing definite has
been received from General MacArthur
about the alleged frauds, although refer
ence has been made to the investigation
in cablegrams received. /The first dis
patch on the subject from Gener.al Mac-
Arthur said that there had been exagger
ation in the press reports,, but the persis
tence with which the reports have been
reiterated and the news dispatch to-day
giving names and specific amounts have
indicated to the department officials that
perhaps General MacArthur was not ad
vised fully when he made his first report.
It can be stated that the department in
tends to have all the information possible
on the subject and General MacArthur
will be expected to push the trials anil
make a complete report of any and all
wrongdoings. A
Major George B. Davis, whose name Is
mentioned in the dispatch from. Manila
as being credited upon the books of
Evans & Co. as having received $1000, is
In "Washington. He said he never had
any money from the firm of contractors
mentioned, had not \ borrowed and could
not explain how there could be any
charge made. Although he- Is In this
country on. sick leave, he 'will return to
Manila arid if the matter is not cleared
up when he arrives there he will demand
a court of inquiry. ,
INSURGENTS ! NEED ' FOOD.
Soon Surrender.
General Mascardo and His Band Must
MANILA,: April 16.— The chief of staff
of the Insurgent General Mascardo a has
surrendered at the town of Marivales, in
Bataaii province, Luzon. He said that
Mascardo's band of followers, now great
ly diminished, is in a bad way. It is im
possible for them to elude the Americans,
and they are unable, to obtain food and
want .to surrender. It is expected; that
General Mascardo himself will surrender
shortly. " ,f: V 7 '-"- '-.","¦¦"¦'* . - ' .
It is Intimated that an official announce
ment regarding the disposition of Agui
naldo will soon be made;- -¦•-..
Alleged Deception ol
Colonel Wooflrufl
by React.
¦ > . . ¦
Head of Subsistence Depart
ment Is Also Duped
by Pitt.
COMMISSARY
SCANDALS ARE
BEING PROBED
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX- NO. 138.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY,; APRIL 17; 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
. Trips, in the World "''
Are those. now offered. by the Pacific Coast
Steamship' Company , to' Southern Califor
nia'ports. For rates and information call
at office, 4 New Montgomery street.' •
California are in •" New . York : From San
Francisco — Mrs. E. Harrks' is: at the Gil
sey; C. H. Schmidt is at the Imperial; S.
Li. Harris is at the Gilsey; S. Steur is at
the Albert; "W. Haas and. wife are at the
Plaza; E. J.' ,Lawton is at ' the :Herald
Square; L. K. Van ¦ Braggen Is at the
Sturtevant. . .: .
NEW YORK, April 16.— The following
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
¦ . ¦ - , Constitution.
, VIENNA, April 16.— A dispatch from
Lemberg to the Kreuz ;\Yeiner Journal as
serts that further troubles have occurred
In Russia and that wholesale arrests have
been made in Odessa and ¦' other ; cities.
The correspondent ; also says ' that 15,000
signatures, including merchants and land
owners, have been secured to a -petition
to -Emperor Nicholas to grant a constitu
tion. , . ; . : -. ¦ . . -, --. . 5; •
» » ¦ — ; — ¦'. -.
A Month's Test Free.
If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr.Shoop, Racme,
Wl».,box 137, for six bottles -Dr.Shoop's Restora
tive. Exp.paid. Send no money. Pay J5.50 U curetf*
Merchants and. Landowners Petition
' Emperor Nicholas to Grant
WHOLESALE ARRESTS GROW
•:.•• OUT OF RUSSIAN TROUBLES
BOSTON, April 16.— Kidder, Peabody &
Co. announce that they have been re
quested to arrange a consolidation of the
Boston and Montana '¦ Copper and Silver
Mining Company and the Butte and Bos
ton Mining Company with the Amalga
mated Copper Company upon some equi
table basis. . They will require before un
dertaking to arrange the terms a deposit
of 135,000 shares of Butte and Boston and
100,000 shares of Boston and Montana.
The directors of both" companies recom
mend the deposit of holdings upon the
following terms: Deposits of stock must
be made on or before April 25. In case the
arrangement is not completed " within
seven days after date the stock deposited
will be returned. Depositors will have
ten days after the announcement of the
terms to accept either of the following
propositions:- To receive such number. of
shares of the Amalgamated Company as
may be called for under the terms of the
agreement or to receive $375 per share in
cash for Boston and Montana and $92 50
per share in cash for Butte and Boston,
or to withdraw the stock deposited with
out'expense. In case any underwriting Is
necessary Kidder, Peabody & Co. agree
that all holders who elect to, exchange
for Amalgamated stock may share pro
rata. i* - ;
Boston and Montana and Butte and
Boston Mining .Companies •
Get Together.
BIG COPPER A2TD SILVER
CONCERNS WILL CONSOLIDATE
EL PASO; Tex., April 16.— Andres Gar
cia, one of the wealthiest and most prom
inent young men in Chihuahua, Mexico,
Bhot and killed his young .bride in Juarez,'
opposite El Paso, last night, and then
placed the .muzzle of the revolver in his
mouth and blew out his brains. The
young couple had been married but -four
months and were on a visit to friends in
Juarez. A dance had been arranged for
their . pleasure, and it was in progress
when the tragedy occurred. Garcia was
tfrti son of one of the | wealthiest mining
men and property owners in Chihuahua,
and his bride was the daughter of.M. L.
.Terrazas, a prominent banker. She was
also a niece of General Luis Terrazas,
the wealthiest man in the republic,. and a
cousin of the famous banker, Enrique
Creel. • : » ' ¦ • J . . . ',
Garcia and his bride .were being enter
tained at the Fernandez home. At 10
o'clock they were mlss'ed from the parlor,
which was filled with . friends. Suddenly
a noise as if two people were scuffling in
the room overhead, followed by a .pistol
shot, was heard. The next instant an
other shot sounded, and officers .running
upstairs' found Garcia -and ' his bride ly
ing on the. floor dead. •
There was evidence that the pretty
bride had made a desperate effort to save
her life.- She had grabbed the muzzle of
the pistol with her left hand, which was
badly powder-burned,, and the thumb was
blown off. ' Garcia then knelt down and
placing his left arm around- his dead
wife put the muzzle of the pistol in his
mouth and killed himself. ¦¦-.-¦¦
The friends of .the young couple declare
there was no occasion for jealousy. on the
part of either, and that both appeared
supremely happy ' a few minutes before
the crime was committed. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prominent Young Mexican
Shoots Newly Wedded
Wife and Himself. •
QUITS GAY PARTY
TO KILL BRIDE
. PARIS, April 16.— A dispatch from St.
Germain, near this city, describes the ex
traordinary case of Julienne Landieu^ a
servant girl, frcm whose body dozens of
needles are being extracted. The girl
complained of considerable irritation of
the skin, and last .Thursday went to ,a
local druggist^ who f ound ' a number of
needles emerging from various parts of
her . body. He extracted them- with
pincers. The girl . has • returned . several
times a day since, and up to this morning
the ! druggist has drawn out 120 needles
from her arms, hands, feet, breast/ the
lobe of her ear, her eyelids and the cor-'
ner of her right; eye. The girl exper
iences no pain until she feels the needle
piercing the epidermis. . ;¦
> .The ¦ needles always emerge thick end
first, and unless Immediately extracted,'
disapp^ar again. Two reputable newspa
pers. The Matin and the Temps, have in
vestigated the matter and vouch. for the
authenticity of the story. Mile. ¦ Land
rieux says that five years ago, when she
was 11 years old, she amused herself
with other children by swallowing quan
tities- of needles. She swallowed forty-'
nii*e in one day and never felt any Incon
venience .until .recentlv, and has enjoyed
the best of health. While relating the
foregoing to the reporter of the Temps,
who saw her at the- druggist's, she ex
claimed, "I feel one in my eye now." The
druggist- then . upturned her right eyelid,
and with a magnet drew out four frag
ments of needles.
- A surgeon of the hospital at La Salpet
riere said In an Interview -that the case
was quite unprecedented. Needles insert
ed under the skin were known to have
been borne , through * the muscles, but
there was. no ''record of a needle' intro
duceM into the .stomach emerging* from
the" lobe of the ear. In such a case the
needle must have traversed the skull,
which is incomprehensible/ ¦ ¦'
Case of a French Servant
<xirl is Puzzling the
Medical Men.
NEEDLES EMERGE
FROM HER BODY
The status of the strike to-night is tha*
only. two departments of the mill are in
operation, the- steel .mill and hammer
shop. • The knobling mill was working to
day, ¦ but" its workmen, to the number of
125, joined the strikers and to-morrow ' It
will be idle. The Mayor of McKeesport
has taken the precaution to have the mill
and town policed with a large extra force,
but up to the present not the slightest
disturbance < has taken place. The ¦ com
pany apparently has no intention of try
ing to fill the strikers' places and the men
seem content to allow their z leaders to
manage their ' campaign and are not . go
ing near company, property. •
3 PITTSBURG, April 16.— The close of the
second day of the strike at the W.
Dewees wood plant of the American
Sheet Steel Company at McKeesport
shows a condition of "affairs that fore
bodes a stubborn fight between the com
pany and the Amalgamated Association
cf Iron and Steel Workers, involving the
possible shutdown of every union plant in
the country controlled by. the company.
The fight is being made by the amalga
mation for. the recognition of the . union,
and President Shaffer's announcement
that all the company's mills would be
called out may receive sanction at the
meeting of the • advisory board, which
has been called for to-morrow. Secretary,
Jarrett, In charge of the labor bureau of
the company, will : be present at this
meeAig to present the company's side of
the matter and use every endeavor to
avert a general strike. If the statement
credited to the company that the Me-'
Keesport plant will be closed indefinitely
rather than recognize the union is ad
hered to. President Shaffer's attitude will
demand that the entire strength of tho
Amalgamated Association be pitted
against the sheet steel company as a
whole.
Strike 'May Tie-Up Every
Plant in Country Opera
ted by Combine.
STEEL WORKERS
FIRM AS BOSSES
" SPRINGFIELD, 111., April 16.— L. F.'
DeyoeVof San Bernardino, Cal., in a letter
sent. from Chicago to the. State Register
to-day,-", states that he and B. B. Stuart
of Los : Angeles, Cal., both formerly of
Springfield, have sold 40,000 arces of oil
bearing land out of a tract of 400,000 acres
ccEtrclled by them for $3,500,000. Mr.
Deyoe Claims this is the largest sale ever
made In the United States; that the next
largest was that by which C. A. ;Canfleld
of Los Angeles over a year ago sold to
Russian capitalists his oil lands in Ven
tura County, Cal., for $3,000,000.
MAKE;:" LARGEST RECORDED
- *; SALE OF OH I PI^)PERT Y
I OGDEN, "Utah, April 16.— The Standard
says: A subscription' list is.being circu
lated here to .raise $300,000 ' for the erec
tion of a Mormon tabernacle In this
city. Promoters" have the'assurance that
in event '. of the success of the undertak
ing, one of the semi-annual conferences
of the Mormon church will be held here.
This means* an' addition' to" the city's in
come . of . $250,000. - Over $150,000 has al
ready been suDscribed, and the - rest has
been promised. ¦ '
This move is the result of the feeling
engendered between Salt -Lake and Ogden,
by i the ¦' recent fake • railroad - > agitation
started In Salt , Lake. Other parties in
Ogden are endeavoring to establish an ex
position grounds ior an inter-State expo
sition, including Nevada; Idaho, Wyoming
and Utah. Over $10,000 has 'been raised for
this purpose, and the . support of leading
men In other States has been enlisted.- .
OGDEBT STTBSCIUBnfG FOB
A MORMON TABERNACLE
> Major's crime was the murder of Chief
of Police Daniel McGrath of | Tltusville.
Pa., on November il, 1899. He was a mem
ber of a gang that blew open the safe and
robbed the Titusville Railroad ticket of
fice i and "later went to - a house on East
Spring street, where they intimidated and
robbed the inmates. .They were tracked
to this place by Chief McGrath and Po
liceman " Sheehy. . The . gang opened fire
at once and Sheehy fell, dangerously
wounded. McGrath grappled ¦ with the
man at the door and after he had received
his ' own death 'wound shot and killed one
of the burglars." The other 'two escaped,
but Major was captured ¦ the next day.
The dead burglar was never Identified and
a Philadelphia ¦ medical school got : his
body. Major, it is said, comes of a good
family residing on Grant avenue/Brook-,
lyn. • The execution to-day was the first
in Crawford County In. over eighty years.
MEADVILLE, Pa,. April 16.— Frank Ma
jor, alias Daniel J. Kehoe; was hanged In
the County Jail yard at-2:06 o'clock, this
afternoon. Death resulted in. six minutes
from strangulation. .
Frank Mayer, Burglar and Slayer of
Daniel McGrath, Hanged for |
His Crime. .
This latter treaty, unlike most of the
other reciprocity treaties submitted to the
Senate for action, was . never published,
and still remains Under the seal of confi
dence. But It is known that it Covers
generally the same ground covered by the
treaty between Chile and Nicaragua. It
so happens that the United States has no
trade treaty with Nicaragua of . recent
date and under the old treaty there Is no
warrant for the preference pt a claim by
our Government for equal rights with
Chile,. inasmuch as we have not seen fit to
enter " into similar special arrangements
with Nicaragua, Now numerous pro
tests are coming into the department from
California,- the business men there alleg
ing that they 'are suffering severely in
their trade with Nicaragua, owing to 'the I
favorable rates given to Chilean . mer
chants'under" the new treaty. • '¦
The State Department, however,, does
not see any means of satisfying the com
plainants, save by again extending to the*
Senate the opportunity ' to ratify the
treaty already referred to as between the
United States and Nicaragua, which will
cure the discrimination complained of.
" - ' . • - ¦ . . : ¦ •,":- 1
SCAF!X>LI> AVENGES CRTTEL 1
MURDER OF POLICE CHIEF!
WASHINGTON, April 16.— One of the re
sults of the failure of the reciprocity
treaties before the last session of Con
gress has been to draw forth a number
of protests from California against the
trade advantages which Chile now enjoys
in its trade with Nicaragua, as a direct
outcome of just such a treaty. The State
Department has been Informed that a
treaty has been drawn between Nica
ragua and Chile which covers practically
the same ground as the treaty drawn
last year by Mr. Kasson, our special pleni
potentiary, between the United States and
Nicaragua.
State Is Complaining of the
: Trade Favors -Chile En
joys Under It.
TREATY HARMFUL
TO CALIFORNIA
Will Govern Bank of England.
LONDON, April 16.— August Provost,
deputy governor of the Bank of England,
has been appointed governor of the Bank
of England for the ensuing year, to suc
ceed Samuel Stuart Gladstone.
LONDON, April 16.^In the Westminis r
ter County, court to T d3y. an order for com
mittal to prison was made- against Sir-
Robert Peel for non-payment of a Judg
ment debt. The ,warrant. however, was
suspended for a week, and it was an
nounced that settlement would be ef
fected in the interval. , . . •- ¦ , . .
# « — :
for Knight's Arrest.
ceived at the PostofHce Department show
that mail which left Circle City. Alaska,
on March 4, for Valdez by the all-Ameri
can route between those points, broke Ilia
time record.' The distance: was made in
fifteen days and four hours, which is
three hours faster than any previous trip.
The Postoffice Department Is steadily de
veloping the service along this ail-Ameri
can route and has reduced the time be
tween Circle City and Valdez, from thlrt r
days to a little over fifteen days, with
a proportionate improvement along the
rest of the way down the coast.
Better equipment has been sent to the
stations there recently and while it hs£
not yet been deemed best to divert '.the
letter mail " ence from the old. route
over Canadian territory, via Dawson, that
probably v.ill he done in the near futura
Mining Interests in the Copper Rivor
country, according to the latest oSlcial
advices-,- are- likely- to-4empt an- influx ol
population that will justify especial at
tention.,- ¦ . • ¦ i - , . ;
Travels From Circle City, Alaska, to
Valdez in Little Over Fif
teen Days.
WASHINGTON. April 16.— Reports re-
HAIL OVEB ALL-AMERICAN
ROUTE BEATS TIME RECORD
PRINCE LOUIS AND THE LADY
WHOM HE IS SAID TO HAVE
MARRIED.
CLARK ROAD TO HAVE
OUTLET TO ATLANTIC
The message received in this city to-day was merely one of many sent to
the numerous agents of the road. It announced simply the fact of the Clark,
Burlington and Pennsylvania combination. ' 'It emanated from the president
of the biggest railway system in. the country outside the Harnman syndicate.
.,• Simultaneously with the private information of this latest combination
corn.es the published statement that the Burlington management has ordered
the surveying and building of its extension to proceed with all dispatch from
Guernsey, Wyo., 200 miles through the Laramie | Mountains, to Salt Lake.
Once into Salt Lake, over the right of .way already secured, the Burlington
will have a direct line to Chicago, passing within a short distance of Senator
Clark's immense copper properties in Montana. The road runs through the
northeastern corner of Wyoming, through Nebraska, South Dakota, Iowa and
through Illinois to Chicago, "where it connects with the Pennsylvania system,
running directly to New York. ¦ ¦ ' ; \ ¦ I .,
At the present time, the Harriman syndicate controls every line running
out of Salt Lake and Ogden except the .Burlington. Figuring the Burling
'.ton as an inevitable acquisition of the Great Northern, or of the Southern
Pacific, the wise ones In railroad matters. have not been able to. see where
Clark could make his proposed road pay by' making its Eastern terminal
point at Salt Lake. Arrived there his freight and passengers would fall into
the hands of the Harriman syndicate, which organization could. place upon
them whatever price it pleased. It could at least fix its rates so that the
only business Clark's road could handle at a profit would be local traffic
between Salt Lake and Los Angeles. The Great Northern has assiduously
claimed an_option. on the Burlington, the one route east from the Salt Lake
end of the Clark road not tied up, while the Harriman syndicate" has insisted
that Gould ctjuld break into the Pennsylvania line at any time-; he desired
and turn thafc system, over to the syndicate. *¦ ¦_¦• ' ¦' ' ' ¦ ; ¦ / " ¦ - :'
Recent developments have demonstrated that Hill cannot get 'the Burling
ton for money or any other consideration, and that the Pennsylvania system
cannot be touched ' by any one. The .two lines, forming as they do the key to
the "Western situation, have been fought for with money and every other com
mercial weapon by the syndicate, but they have withstood the assault. Why
they have resisted tremendous- cash offers no one has been able to understand,
but now the secret of^ their persistent . refusal arid- the reason 'for Senator
Clark's absolute confidence is revealed.
LOS ANGELES, April 16.— The Salt Lake, San Pedro and Los Angeles
railroad will find its way to New York City and. a deep-water "Atlantic
terminal by way of the Burlington -tailroad and the j Pennsylvania- short
lines. Information to this effect was received to-day in a cipher dispatch to
a well-known San Francisco railroad man now in this city.
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
• When the time came to make a payment un
der the contract Carter, who was located at
.Savannah and had charge of the work on be-
Kalf of the Government, would 'give to the rep
resentatives of Greene and'the Gaynors. locally
in charge at Savannah, a Government check
puf ficient to pay for the labor and materials
vhich actually went into the improvement and
then- he -would -draw- a.- Government-check for
the excess of. the contract price, representing
what the gamblers- would call the "velvet" —
I the fruit of the fraudulent conspiracy and, ptft-
I ting this in his Docket, would go to New York.
There he would meet Greene and- Gaynors.
Tften the division would take place.' Carter
would --be specially allowed out of the amount
$75 for traveling expenses and the baiancq
v.-ould be divided into thirds — one-third going" to
Carter, one-third to Green and one-third to the
Gaynors. In this way Carter drew out of the I
cc-nsftiracy .$722,528 02. and of this amount the I
records- of stockbrokers in New^ York show that |
he invested Jn stocks and bonds $690,301 So. For
Ws .traveling expenses Carter received $1575. He
made twenty-one trips of New York on this
mission and at the time was in excellent con
dition financially to be appointed military at
tache at-the Court of St. James.'i .. '¦
Carter Divided "Swag."
Mr. Richards then details the method
pursued by the captain In his operations,
saying that "the division of 'swag 1 was
attended to by Carter/personally." '
Solicitor Richards continues:
Mr. Richards says that ! the Investiga
tions of the Government reveal the loss of
an aggregate of $2,169,159 through Carter's
operations, of which he (Carter) received
one-third, with traveling expenses added.
In view of these facts Mr. Richard3 asks:
"Is It any wonder that Carter* wants to
get out on ball? Is it any wonder that he
desires to be put in a position where he j
can personally handle the sinews of war |
which he obtained by fraud from the I
Government that educated him and gave
him his standing and reputation? What
bail could the court fix that would be suf- j
ficient in his "case, if he has sent his se
curities out of the country and made up j
his mind that the best he could do would j
be to follow them?" .
Since Carter has dragged into this case the
fact that he Is under indictment along with
Greene and the Gaynors and has* sworn that
the criminal case cannot be tried because of
his absence from Georgia, and asserts that he
wants to be released bo he may demand a
trial by jury lit- Georgia and prepare for ' It.
it Is proper for me to call the attention of the
court to the fact .-that if the criminal case
cannot be tried without Carter, neither can
it be tried without- his co-consplrators, Greene
and the Gaynora -Yet,, ever Blnce the indict
ment was found; in December, 18S9. the Gov
ernment has been, strenuously endeavoring to
secure the removal of Greene and the Gaynors
from New York to Georgia for trial.
This affidavit is supplemented by affi
davits from the warden and physician of
the prison.
-'As to the second ground for release on
ball the Solicitor General says in part:
As to the first ground the Solicitor Gen
eral submits an argument tending to show
Carter's sound mental condition and. files
with the court the affidavits of five phy
sicians who examined Carter and affirm
In closing that "Carter Is not now suffer
ing neurasthenia": that he Is not on the
verge of nervous- collapse; that his ner
vous condition is not greater than we
would expect to find in a healthy person
of said Carter's .. standing confined In
prison. -Affiants further say that said Car
ter Is now physically and mentally
sound."
Health Perfectly Sound.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— Solicitor Gen
eral Richards to-day filed with the
United States Supreme Court ,,V brief 'in'
opposition to the application for bail filed
about: ten "days ago in behalf pt former
Captain Oberlln^M.-' Carter,' now 'confined -\
in the; United States penitentiary -at Fort
LeaVenwqrth, ' Kana., upon \ conviction 'df
•fraud in connection' with' harbor Improve-;
jnents^ eje, at Savannah,. Ga. After re- ;
viewing the history of the case the so
licitor General says in part: v ;. j- % ;
The validity of Carter's convlctjon and, serj-. ]
tence by the .court-martial which- alone coula
try him for crimes committed as -an officer of j
the United- States army in violation of the ar- ¦
Ucles of war has been sustained ; by v three |
civil courts and live Judges, not counting this
court, before which the matter is now pend- j
ing for the third time. Carter now applies >
from imprisonment pending- the hearing oe this j
"lawful tribunal," and asks to be . released \
from imprisonment pending the h*«aiing this j
second appeal, upon the following grounds:
First, because he Is . suffering from r.euras
' thenia ani is on the verge of nervous collapse
by reasoir of . mental anguish, owing .to his
imprisonment;, second, because he Is innocent
of the charges on which he was convicted by
the court-martial, and the only way he can es
tablish his Innocence, eo he Rays, is hy prese
ing to trial the charges embraced in the Geor
gia indictment which, he asserts, cannot be
tried -because of .his absence from Georgia.
HAVANA. April 16.— The commission
appointed by the Cuban Constitutional
Convention to go to Washington and lay
before President McKinley the desires of
the convention regarding the future irela
tions between Cuba and the United States
will leave here Saturday. General Wood
will present the commission to the Presi
dent. He will leave here Friday and go to
Washington by way of Tampa, Fla, The
Cuhfln commission which is to visit Wash
ington consists of Senores Diego, Tamayo,
Capote, Berriel, Portuondo and Lierente.
The President will not have much time
to devote to the Cuban envoys. He is very
busy now attending to small matters and
getting everything in readiness for his
tour of the country. This tour begins on
April 29. The Cuban committee will prob
ably not arrive here until three or .four
days before the President Is ready to
start. As already pointed out, the Presi
dent will absolutely refuse to hold any
conference with a view to . modifying the'
terms of the Platt amendment. ; This
amendment, being an act of Congress,
cannot be changed except by an act of
Congress, and the President will frankly
tell the committee so. It is expected that
the committee, however, will see and hear
much In Washington to convince its mem
bers that the best interests of their island
will be served by an acceptance of the
American terms. Secretary Root said to
day that the committee appeared to be
an excellent one. He. however, is only
acquainted with two of its members, Sen
cres Tamaj'O and Capote, with whom he
discussed Cuban affairs when he last vis
ited the Island.
The failure of the Cuban convention to
accept the terms of the Platt amendment
has been described in quarters hostile to
General Wood as due to General Wood's
lack of diplomacy. Cuban newspapers
have asserted that the appointment of a
committee to come to Washington was a
"slap" at General Wood. The President
has every confidence In General Wood's
ability and Integrity. It is characteristic
of him to stand by any well meaning offi
cial in whom he has confidence whenever
that official is attacked. He did It in the
case of Admiral Sampson and Secretary
of War Aleer and is now doing it in the
case of Penrlon Commissioner Evans, who
is under a continuous fire from pension
attorneys.
Special Dlepatch. to 'The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 16.-President.
McKinley Is determined to make it clear
that the appointment by the Cuban Con
stitutional Convention of a committee to
come to Washington does not prejudice
General Wood In his eyes. This' is shown,
by the fact that General Wood has-be£«
ordered to Washington in advance of the
committee. General Wood is expected
here on next Monday or Tuesday, a couple
of days ahead of the Cuban commission.
He will talk over the whole situation with
the President, and when the committee
arrives he will receive them and present
them to the President, and will probably
be present at the interviews which will
follow.
Action Characteristic of Chief Exec
utive, Who Invariably Stands by
Any Official He Understands
Is Persecuted.
WOOD IS UPHELD
BY THE PRESIDENT
McKinley Makes It Clear
That Be Believes in
Cuba's Governor.
Files Brief With Supreme Court Giv
ing Reasons Why Convicted ;
Officer Should Not Be ;
' Set Free. -'*"¦ * ;;
Disgraced Army Captain's
Petition Is Opposed by
Solicitor. General.
WOULD NOT GIVE
BAIL TO CARTER
The scheme of improvement, as con
templated, provides for the extensive
beautifying of that portion of th« estuary
south of -the dam.
The opening of Ninth and Tenth streets
to Fallon street, the completion of the
proposed park along the estuary arm be
tween Twelfth and Eighth streets and the
reconstruction of Twelfth street dam are
public improvements comprehended in a
series of preliminary- moves made last
night by the City Council.
A resolution was introduced calling up
on the City Engineer to prepare immedi
ately plans and estimates of the cost of
rebuilding the dam, the condition of
which has been not only an eyesore, but a
serious menace to the heavy traflic be
tween Easf Oakland and the. West Side.
The resolution provides also for the im
provement of Twelfth street from Oak
street to First avenue. This includes the
dam and the approaches on each side.
The matter .was referred: to the commit
tee of the whole. -'• '
The next Step was the recommendation
to create a park, as proposed two years
ago, of that property lying between
Eighth street bridge and the dam. These
plans will be fully discussed in public be
fore adoption.
The opening of Ninth and Tenth streets
will give an outlet to the proposed park.
The property has been utilized by private
parties, but assurance has been given that
there will be no. claim of title when the
city s"hall be ready to cut through. The
Street Committee was given charge of the
resolution, which provides that all ob
structions must be removed within twen
ty days after the adoption of the reso
lution. The Council's proposed action is
based upon the declaration that the
streets named are necessary for use aa
public highways, that the crossings of
the estuary at Eighth street and Twelfth
street may be reached by way of Fallon
street.
1118 Broadway, April 18.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cai:
Council Moves Toward Im
provements Along That
V Waterway. '
PROPOSED PARK
ON ESTUARY ARM
WASHIXGTOX, April 16.— The financial
condition of Japan at present Is far from
encouraging, and the bankers, statesmen
and business men are exerting every ef
fort to avert a pending panic. This state
ment is conveyed to the State Department
in a communication from United States
Consul Bellows at Yokohama. The situ
ation, as analyzed by the shrewdest finan
ciers and statesmen of the empire, show
that the Chinese indemnity secured at
the close of the Japan-China war, to
gether with large national loans, led to
the exploiting of many public and private
undertakings, which caused money to be
unusually plentiful among the coolie or
hiboring classes. This induced extrava
gant methods of living, and is' assigned as
a potent factor In the large Increase of
Imports. The amount of^indemnity paid
by China proved insufficient for the en
terprises projected, and many millions
were diverted from the customary chan
nels of trade to carry forward the under
takings referred to. .
Th» Interruption of the Chinese trade
brought a falling off in exports also dur
ing the past year.- In 1000 the relations of
Japan's exports to her imports stood at
the ratio of five to six, and $24,900,090
passed out of the country to settle Japan s
trade balances. Foreign capital, it Is
stated, declines to enter the Japanese
market although tempted by flattering
rates of interest. Living expenses have
increased during the past few years over
75 per cent, which causes the scarcity of
money for commercial and industrial pur
poses to be all the more keenly felt.
The Consul General closes his report by
saying:
"The closeness of the money market
combined with the dullness of trade and
violent fluctuations of prices, is causing
much alarm among merchants, manufac
turers and bankers, and more failures are
imminent."
Extravagant Methods of Living Fol
lowing Payment of Chinese In
demnity Believed to Be
Source of Trouble.
Alarming Scarcity of Coin
Causes Anxiety in the
Flowery Kingdom.
JAPANESE MONEY
PANIC THREATENS
SWITCHMEN TALK
OF BIG STRIKE
One Hundred Leave Work
And May Call Out Rest
of the Brotherhood.
Employes of Lackawanna Railroad,
'Angered at Dismissal of Union
' 2£en, Quit Employment and '., y -
Hold Meeting. > -'
BCHANTON*. Pa.. April 16.— About on«
hundred switchmen employed In the Lack
awanna Railroad yard In this city quit
work at noon to-day because two of their
number. Michael Herrlty and Patrick
Toomey, "were discharged. Tardmaster B.
E. Knowles dismissed the two men and
placed two men from Hoboken In their
positions. "When John Murray refused to
Instruct the new men he was discharged.
Thomas Timlin of the Switchmen's Broth
erhood "grievance" committee waited on
General Superintendent Clark later In the
day and asked for a reason for Herrlty
and Toomey's discharge. He • was In
formed that their services were unsatis
factory to the company and that their dis
charge did not affect the others. Super,
intendent Clark states that the men will
not be reinstated and that the question or
their membership m the brotherhood did
not enter Into the case at all.
Three hundred switchmen from Scran
ton and vicinity wore In session to-night
In. Carpenters' Hall until 11 o'clock, dis
cussing the proposition of calling out the
switchmen on the whole system from Ho
boken to Buffalo. The officers would not
give out anything that was done at the
meeting and the members who were ap
proached declared they were sworn to
secrecy.
THE SAN rKANCISCO" CALL,' WEDNESDAY,; AFK1IT- 17'.,' 1UOI.
BRUSSELS. April 16.— The Petit
• Bleu says that Prince Louis Na
poleon has married, the Grand
Duchess Helena, daughter ¦ of
Russian Grand Duke Vladimir.
Prince -Loul3 . Napolebh was born July
16/1860. He- Is the second son of the late
Prince Jerome Napoleon' arid the younger
brother of Prince Victor. Heleuai the
youngest _ r child of , the Russian Grand
Duke Vladimir, was born January 29. 1S82.
Petit Bleu of Brussels ped^^That v Rqhce^u|||S^ffl
• Son of Jerome, Has Been Married to Helena, the
I Youngest Child of the Russian Grand Duke
DESCENDANT OF NAPOLEON TAKES
GRAND DUCHESS FOR HIS BRIDE
2
ADVEBTISEELENTS.
NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA.
¦¦•r. : ' r -
A CUBE FOR IT.
Not a Patent Cure-Ail, Hot b Modern
Miracle, but Simply a Rational
Cure for Dyspepsia.
In these days of humbu&grery and decep-
tion the manufacturers of patent medi-
cines, as a rule, seem to thinK their medi-
cine? will not sell unless they claim that
It will cure every disease under the sun.
And they never think of leaving out dys-
pepsia and stomach troubles. • They are
sure to claim that their nostrum is abso-
lutely certain to cure every dyspeptic and
he TTeed look no further.
In the face of these absurd claims It is
refreshing to note that the proprietors of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have carefully
retrained from making any undue claims
. or false representations regarding the
merits of this most excellent remedy for
dyspepsia and stomach troubles. They
make but one claim for it, and that is,
that for indigestion and various stomach
] troubles Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is a
radical cure. They go no farther than
' this and any man or woman suffering
from indigestion, chronic or nervous dys-
pepsia, who will give the remedy a trial
w 111 find that nothing is claimed for it
that the facts will not fully sustain.
It is a modern discovery, composed of
harmless vegetable Ingredients acceptable
a to the weakest or most delicate stomach.
Its preat success in curing stomach
troubles is due to the fact that the medl-
eaJ properties are such that it will digest
¦whatever wholesome food is taken into
the stomach, no matter whether the
stomach is in good working order or not.
It rests the overworked organ and re-
plenishes the body, the blood, the nerves,
creating a healthy appetite, gives refresh-
ing sleep and the. blessings which always
accompany a good digestion and proper
assimilation of food.
In using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets no
dieting is required. Simply eat plenty of
¦wholesome food and take . these Tablets
at each meal, thus assisting and resting
. the stomach which rapidly regains . its
. proper digestive power, when the Tablets
' will be* no longer required. - -
Nervous Dyspepsia, is simply a condition
in which some portion or portions of the
nervous system are not properly nour-
ished. Good digestion invigorates the ner-
vous system and every organ in the body.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. are sold by
al' druggists at M cents per package. .
They are manufactured by the F. A.
Etuart Co. of Marshall Mich.
* Any- druggist will tell you it gives uni-
versal satisfaction.
Humors
Spring's inheritance From
Winter.
Waste matters which the skin, kid-
neys and other organs were too torpid
(in the cold days) to take care of, and
cannot take care of now without help,
there is such an accumulation of them.
I They litter the whole system. ¦
Pimples, boils, and "other eruptions,
(oss if appetite, .that tired feelinj?,-
bilious turns, fits of indijeestion, dull
headaches and many other troubles
common in the spring are due to them.
Hoods Sarsapanlla
removes all humors, overcomes all theii
effects, strengthens and tones the whole
. system.* ' '
; "I broke out with pimples, boils, etc.
Hood's Sarsapanlla stopped this break-
ing out and improved my health." Har-
vey Pelton, Sharon, Kan. .
Hood's Sarsaparlila cromlses tq
cure and keeps the promise.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I b. katscbinskT
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I 10 THIRD ST., Sao Francisco.
1 A Stylish
I Vesting-Top
I Oxford $1.35.
H It's not every day that a bargain
H like this is offered, and only once
M in a while can we secure such good i
|j values) to sell for so little money, j
H .. This week we offer a Ladles* Vicl
n l£ld Oxford Tie, with embroidered
H vesting tops, coin toes and patent
I leather tips, and hand-turned soles; jj
I sizes 2% to 8, widths B to E: re-
I duced to 81.35
1 Mailed Free — Our New 80-Page
I Illustrated Catalog. Send for one. \
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
I 10 THIRD ST.. San Francisco,
jf~~^. Strictly Reliable.
§_J Dr.Talcott
Til . 1 », — v
ik#i & ca
Jvloiir Diseases and
f/K^^^v Weakne?«o?
ffifpiEN ONLY
By far the moat frequent cause of nervous
dl Borders of the male is
A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
•The Prostate Gland (so-called neck of blad-
der) is a structure very rich In nerves. When
the terminations of these nerves are kept In a
constant state of exoitement. by chronic Inflam-
matory processes, it appears very clear that hy
transmission of this irritation to otter nerves
the patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Premature-
ness, Impotency, etc.. are not weaknesses, but
symptoms of this Inflammation. We have pre-
pared a colored chart, which we -will seed, free
on application, by which any one interested can
readily understand why, if he has been treated
for a weakness, be has not been cured. Wa
particularly solicit this class of cases, and can
promise a speedy cure without stomach drug-
ging. •. v, ¦¦;,¦:
097 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
. , __
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great/}
IHOSEUH OF ANATOMY}
A Ch 1031 XASZHSI.ta. 6&*7&. S.T.Zil. h
\ tf The Largest Anatomical Museum !n ths \
B ijlLi^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted O
i WStSiS d««se po«lll%«*l3r cared hy the oldest "
® f**E I Specialist on the Coast. Esc. 36 years. Q
4 tfS3&f I DR * JORDAN-DISEASES 07 MEN Q
i f Consultation free and strictly private. \
V I APwSt O Treatment personally or by letter. A ff
T iw <IH Poritite Cars ia erery else ondertalf-o. Y
iH| a Write for Boole. PHILOSOPHY of A
V • I *• HABRMCK, MAILED FZEB. ( A Y
1 Q J valuable book for men) \
V DR. JOBDA5 A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. V
J|Z3>aS^ ¦.-•injection. : ." 5
I A PERMANENT CURE f
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea
2 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
2 days : no other treatment required. s -
- 5 K Sold by all druggists. • S
IA/.T. HESS,
H0TABT PUBLIC AND ATT0ESET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Clau» Spreekela uidg.
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence. 821 California »t-, below Powell.
- San Francisco. , ¦
•. •- ¦'• • -¦ '- -¦ i'~:.. ¦
f STRONG &C0.^ggW
Xgj^yM MARKET.'sr.'&F-SSiS^
O & PI™ nnWI! Corner Fourth and
CAFE BOyALaHM
. *.„ v, • 5c. Overcoata and
¦ valisea checked free.
Weak |fen^^j¥omen
SHOULD VSE DAMIANA BITTKRS. THE
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength -to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.CORONA PARLOR'S CANDIDATE
FOR AN HONOR AT THE HANDS
OF NATIVE SONS.
LOS ANGELES. April 1C— The Supreme
Court to-day affirmed the decision of the
Superior Court of Sonoma County that
Thomas P. Owens must hang. Owens
murdered Edward Hale. April IS. 1900.
SANTA ANA, April 16.— Mining locations !
were filed to-day on 7000; acres of land in
the Trabuco Canyon by J. A. Comer of
Los Angeles, who claims that assays
made on the rock show from $2 to 59 in
gold and still greater value in tin.
*
Murderer O-wsns Slust Hang. j
Geld in Trabuco Canyon.
Ezpert Believes Large Flow Will Be
Struck in the San Ardo
Well.
SAN LUCAS, April 16.— The oil situation
et San Ardo has remained comparatively
at a standstill during the past two weeks,
although v/ork is being vigorously prose
cuted. All eyes are itill upon the Tomboy
well, where drilling is going on day and
night. The flow of oil. which was struck
two weeks ago. is growing steadily larger.
Oil Expert Morrison "of Los Angeles
says that he never saw better indications
anywhere, and he gives out the Impres
sion that a company which he represents
has secured the right to bore wells on
land contiguous to the Tomboy. He saye
that the main oil vdu will most certainly
be struck in a few <2nys by the Tomboy.
Companies are now being formed to. bore
¦wells in the Jolon country, where oil in
dications are prominent. A large quantity
of machinery has been hauled into the
Bltterwater section, where boring will b«
at once started. . . /
TOXXBOY DBIIXS 2TEABJNG
GSEAT BODT OF OIL j
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BAKEHSFICLD, .April 16.— After
months of weary -waiting the -work of
construction of a railroad to the Sunset
oil field commenced to-day. About forty
teams began grading at Ocsford station,
where ihe proposed road leaves the
Southern Pacific asphalt branch. Soon
this number wlil be increased to 200. It |
is proposea to entry the read to comple
tion.
Those who have oil interests In Sunset
are greatly elated over the commencing
of the vorl: on the read, it means mucn
to them. Without a railway it .is next to
impossible to market their product with
profit. Millions of dollar*' worth of oil
drilling property have poured into Sunset
during tho past year and a large area of
country !i?-s been demonstrated as
"proved oil land." The building of this
road will boom the oil industry through
out Kern County. <
Railway Soon Will Reach
the Kern County Oil
Fields.
Torty Teams Are Put at Work and
the Number Is to Be Increased
at Ones to Two Hua-j^t;'
drcd. V
GRADING BEGINS
ON SUNSET LINE
Assistant S2cretary of the
Lunacy Commission.
SACRAMENTO, April 15.— Secretary ot
Stale Curry late this afternoon' appolntefi
Omar W. Lynch of San Francisco as State
Janitor, to fill the place of. James Peter
son, -deceased. ¦ To 'take this position
Lynch resigned as assistant secretary of
the commission in' lunacy and Charles
Waymire of Alameda was ' appointed in
his place. '•»:.«• 'r^'~ • . .
Succeeded by Charles Waymire as
OMAR, W. LYNCH IS
NOW "STATE JANTTOIt
SACRAMENTO, April 16.— In Superior
Judge Hughes' Court there began to-day
the suit of Mayor George H. Clark and
his business partner, A. P. Booth, against
D. C. W. Carmlchael, J. B. Wright, J. L.
Glllis, W. T. Sesnon and others for rein
statement as part owners with the defend-?
ants in certain valuable oil lands in Kern
County. Clark and Booth claim that by
fraud and misrepresentation they were in
duced by Carmichael and Sesnon, " for a
few hundred dollars, to part with lands
which the defendants knew at the time
to be worth many thousands. On the
other hand, the defendants set up the
claim that Clark and Booth were quite
willing to part with their land at the fig
ure paid, believing that they were realiz
ing a good profit, and they declare that
no misrepresentation was used.
Owing to the prominence of the princi
pals and the large array of legal talent
on both sides great Interest is being taken
in the proceedings. The chief feature of
the opening session to-day was the testi
mony of W. F. Bryant of Lbs Angeles, an
oil expert, who told of the circumstances
of the finding of oil on the land owned by
the parties to the suit.
Sacramento's Mayor a Plaintiff in a
Suit in Which Fraud Is
Alleged.
FOLSOM, "April 16.— An accident at the
Folsom State Prison," yesterday, resulted
in the. death of Convict Benjamin " Tar
bean, who wa3 serving a sentence of two
years for burglary committed at; Los An
geles. He was crushed between the draw
heads of two flat cars.^. - - '.
Crushed Between Two Cars.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., April 16.— E. D. Ken
na, vice-president of the Santa Fe Rail
road, and Captain C. N. Sterry, general
counsel of the Santa Fe. received a shaken
up to-day in a wreck on the Santa
Fe; Prescott and Phoenix Railroad. When
about eight miles from Ash. Fork an axle
on a freight car broke, resulting,' in pil
ing three or four cars , in the ditch. No
one was seriously injured.
Bail way Officials' in a "Wreck.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 16.-The
American Smelting and Refining Company
has announced a lowering of the settling
price- for lead ores, In order to, head off
and make useless proposed legislation of
the Dominion Government for the estab
lishment of refineries .in. Canada. 4The
American trust practically closed many-
British Columbia mines . last year, by im
posing prohibitive rates, and as there
were no refineries In this province . own
ers of mines in Kootenay were still de
pendent, on American purchase for their
ore. Now it Is proposed . to establish a
refinery in, British Columbia and the Gov
ernment has agreed to give a bounty of
$5 a ton on pig lead produced in Canada
from local ores. To checkmate this move
the smelter trust announces a reduction
of Its rate from $4 to 53 90. Frdm a busi
ness point of view, the American smelters
¦will still control the industry here.
Forced to Lower the Price for
Handling of British Columbia
Ores.'
Both men flred- at each other on Sun
day, but only Kincaid was ¦wounded. Clark
surrendered to the Justice, at Reedley.
was released on his own recognizance, and
last night ¦¦, gave $2000 ? bail.-.- A. constable
has jgone after < the wounded men.;?, -
WOUNDS SON-IN-LAW v
"; .IN SHOOTING APFBAY
John A. Clark Exchangees Leaden
Compliments With; Joseph. Kin
_ . caid of Dxmlop. ,
FRESNO,. April 16.— Word came to-day
of a' shooting. affray last Sunday at Dun
lop, on Mill Creek, a tributary of -Kings
River. -John' A. Clark- dangerously
wounded Joseph : Kincald, the bullet pass-
Ing through 'the ¦ arm ¦ and : lodging in the
side. B Klncaid is • Clark's r son-in-law. The
feud is the outgrowth of a family quarrel,
followed, after the death of -Kincaid's
wife; by strife! over the possession of his
child. .. _-- • • ,, • ; ¦> ¦- .-- i:>:
WATSONVILLE, April 16.— Since the
running of through trains commenced
over the coast division, wrecks have been
of almost daily occurrence, Many ascribe
the frequency of these accidents to an at
tempt to make too fast time on poorly bal
lasted roadbed; others say that they are
due to the fact that many of the en
gineers and firemen- are not acquainted
with the coast division and necessarily do
not know the weak spots along the line. .
Near Vega Station, three miles from
Watsonvllle, the fast Sunset freight train
was wrecked shortly after 6 o'clock this
morning. It was due at Pajaro at o:30
o'clock and was making extremely fast
time down the valley, over the straight
away track, when it was suddenly stopped
in the race and fifteen of the twenty-nine
freight cars were piled in a heap on both
slde3 of the track. The two engines and
six freight cars in front and the seven
freight cars and caboose on the rear end
were not damaged. " ¦ ¦
The wrecked cars were all heavilyi laden
with through freight, with the -exception
of the car that caused the accident. This
car was empty, and, as the train was go
ing at such a high rate of speed, it is be
lieved-that the car kept hitting the rails
so hard that it broke the flange of one of
the wheels on the rear truck. 'After the
breaking of the flange the train kept on
its course for several hundred feet until
the car, with the rear truck off the rails,
reached a cattleguard, where the smash
up took place. ; . .•
Luckily none of the train crew were In
close proximity to . any of the wrecked
cars and there . was no loss of ¦ life. The
train was in charge of Conductor James
Frances and on the head engine was En
gineer Hays,' who is said to be a' nephew
of C. M. Hays, president of the Southern
Pacific Company.
One of the wrecked cars was filled with
a shipment of Wieland barrel beer packed
in ice. While the car was badly broken,
the barrels of iced beer came out of the
scuffle unscatched and they remained in
that excellent condition until the "Willy
Thirstys" began tapping and partaking of
their cooling and exhilarating contents.
• A wrecking crew arrived later ifi the
morning and. by evening had temporary
track laid around the wreck that per
mitted the several north and sound bound
passenger trains to go by. • The loss to
the railroad company will foot up several
thousand dollars. '. ¦ ,
TAKES! OPTION ON SEVEN ' ,
SHASTA COITNTY MINES
Captain S« La liar Bonds tb.© Michi
gan Group on Bully
Hill.
REDDING, April 16.— Captain J. R. De
La- Mar, the mine operator, who recently
disposed of his Bully . Hill group of
claims and a smelting plant to corporate
ownership • for $2,250,000, has shown his
faith in the district by taking a bond on
the Michigan group of seven partially de
veloped copper claims,, which^ are -in- the
west side . of the mountain, adjoining the
west -line.* of the Bully Hill claims. 'The
option is said to be a short-term one, and
the figures near $50,000. The -Michigan
group is owned by Michigan people, rep
resented here by Earl D. Blowers, who
superintended the development -• of the
property. The Michigan vein Is believed
to. dip. into -the De La Mar - ground. By
the continuation of the present Bully Hill
tunnel, a distance,of 400 feet, the Michigan
ore body will be encountered* at a depth
of 800 feet.' The bond by De La Mar is
considered to amount to a virtual sale.
Special '.Dispatch to The Call.
Disastsr Is Attributed to the Pound
ing of anVEmpty" WMle Run
ning at Unusually High
; Speed.
SAN JOSE, April 16.— Mamie Horn, a
pretty Nebraska girl, has come to Cali
fornia in search of an unfaithful hus
band, who is supposed to be somewhere
on the Pacific Coast. • She is now In San
Jose, having been here since Friday, but
will start home to-morrow, unsuccessful
In the mission that brought her to the
•Golden State.
Mrs. Horn Is a fascinating brunette of
18. A year ago she met Horn at Philips,
her home In Nebraska, and after a short
courtship they were married. The honey
moon lasted until a month ago, when
Horn deserted his young bride. Since
that time she has heard nothing of him.
Some of Horn's friends told the girl he
had gone to California and she deter
mined to follow him. Her ¦ parents ob
jected, as they could not afford the trip
and believed it would be useless. . The girl
was persistent and said she would go if
she had to walk. Her father is a member
of the Woodmen of the World and .that
lodge donated the necessary funds and the
girl started for the coast. She reached San
Jose last Friday, having only 11 cents In
her possession. She had no baggage and
her only worldly possessions were the
clothes on her back. Her stepmother had
hidden her clothing, hoping to keep the
girl from carrying out her plans.
Upon reaching San Jose Mrs. Horn
Journeyed wearily to the police station,
but Chief Kidward, after making a num
ber of inquiries, could give her no infor
mation relative to her husband. Through
the Chief's kind-heartedness enough
money was raised to send her to her Ne
braska home. She will start East to-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Girl-Wife From Nebraska
Arrives in San Jose .
Penniless.
COMES TO FIND
ERRING HUSBAND
TT OS ANGELES. April 16.— When
I the Grand Parlor of the Native
I Sons of the Golden West, which
[I, t^A will convene at Santa Barbara on
April 22, elects officers for the suc
ceeding year Los Angeles will put forward
Williamhead Quarantine Station Being Pre
pared to Receive the Vessel. '
VICTORIA. B. C, ADrtl 16.— H. M. S.
Condor, the new steel t,!oop of war. which
Is' coming 1 fronj' England to relieve tha
cruiser Pheasant, is expected to arrive on
Thursday fronv.the South American coast,
where she tarried en route, and the Wil
liamhead quarantine station Is being pre
pared for her arrival. AccordinR to ad
vices received by Captain Casement of
H. M. S. Amphion, commanding officer of
the fleet here,, the Condor had yeljow
fever on board when she sailed from
Acapulco on April 9.
The telegrams to the . naval comandcr
do not tell of the number ill aboard tho
sloop of war, which has a complement of
100 men. There was sickness aboard when
she sailed, but whether it has spent it
self by this time is a question which can
only be speculated upon, as the war ves
sel has not entered anv port since she
sailed from Acapulco. . She will come di
rect to the- Quararvtine station here, ¦where
she will be fumigated, and subjected to the
procedure meted out to merchant vessels
upon which there are contagious dis
eases. A call is usually made at .San
Diego for coal, but on account of th»?
prevalence of "yellow jack" on board this
call was omitted on this voyage.
YELLOW FEVER ABOARD
BRITISH WARSHIP CONDOR
Heavily Laden Uars Go Into
the Ditch Near. Vega
Station.
FREIGHT WRECK
ON COAST ROAD
SEATTLE, April 16.— In a fit of despon
dency over business reverses, aggravated
by the depressing effects of an attack
of the grip, Melvin R. Baldwin, an
ex-Congressman from Minnesota and
former State Superintendent of Indian
Affairs under President Cleveland, th!s
afternoon ended his .life. ¦
The ex-Congressman's body was found
lying on his bed in his apartments at 2018
Fourth avenue, with a bullet wound
through his brain at 7:30 o'clock to-nighc.
It is believed death occurred fully two
hours earlier. Tightly gripped In his
hand was a revolver. •
D. McKinley, a friend of the deceased
and former business associate, discovered
the body/as a result of a visit paid to tho
ex-Congressman's apartments to ascer
tain his condition. EnterJng the room
McKinley Epoke to his friend, the outline
of whose body could be seen in the dark
ened chamber. Receiving no response, he
summoned assistance, only to find 'that
Baldwin was dead.
Melvin R. Baldwin, who was 62 years
of age, came to this city about three
years ago from Duluth, Minn., after hav
ing • relinquished his position as Minne
sota Superintendent of. Indian Affairs, to
which office he was appointed by-Presi
dent Cleveland after the expiration of his
term in Congress. He was elected to the
lower house from the Duluth district as
a I>em&crat in 1892 and served one term.
He secured the position of Superintendent
of Indian Affairs a few months later and
was one of the few Cleveland appointees
who refused to resign, necessitating his
removal by President McKinley.
Mr. Baldwin is survived by a widow
and two sons, all of whom reside -In
Duluth. .
» _
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
Melvin R. Baldwin Puts a
Bullet Through His
Brain.
EX-CONGRESSMAN
DIES A SUICIDE
Mr. .Barham is 27 years of age and was
born at Salinas. He is a brother of Guy
B. Barham and a nephew of ex-Congress
man John A. Barham. Mr. Barham in
private life is a revenue broker. In the
public eye he is one of the most popular
"Natives" on the coast. He Is the protege
of Congressman Prank L. Coombs and a
firm friend of Past Grand President Frank
Mattison of Santa Cruz.
1/ f. ¦ .. ¦
a -candidate who in all probability will be
elected without opposition. He is Albert
D. Barham, a member of Corona Parlor,
who aspires to be outside senjinel. No
other candidate for the place has come
forward and the commonly accepted opin
ion is that none will enter the field against
him. . . • .
BAKERSFIELD. 1 A Pr" 16-— Within a
block of the 1 County .Jail,' at 9 o'clock this
morning, two masked men, with revolvers,
held up by Celestrina ¦ Patrina. an Italian
employe of ¦ the Santa '= Fe Railroad, and
robbed- him of $57. :;- \ ; ,
Robbed by Masked Men.
SEATTLE, April 167— Dawson arrivals
en the steamship Humboldt say the Klon
dike is in the, throes of a glacial phenom
enon. Two months . ago a glacier made
Its': appeal ance, on the ¦ hillside back ' of
Dawson.' . . '
The ice of the glacier is from -twelve
to'flfteen feet thick in piaces7~Snd bes'des
rendering that section of Dawson unin
habitable, it threatens to render the trail
leading to the cemeteries impassable dur
ing the summer. Such a result, it .'s pre
dicted, could be averted only through the
construction of a series of culverts and
ditches, as the broiling summer sun will
keep torrents, of -water -flowing from the
ice mountain. . . . .'- ,:
¦ ¦ ¦ .¦ • ¦ - -.
Hearing of Dr. Toles.
LOS ANGELES, April lff.^-Dr. Justin K.
Toles' preliminary examination on : the
charge of having feloniously^ assaulted
Edna F. Reynolds began this afternoon
before Justice James.: The plaintiff, shed
tears on the witness stand while telling
of. the alleged crime, which she declares
was committed while she . was • under : the
influence ' of ' opiates. ¦ Several other -wit
nesses were examined, and the case went
over till to-morrow. *'¦'-¦-.<:
Wall of Ice Renders a Portion - of
tha Klondike Capital TJnin-<"
habitable. ' '
Southern Pacific and Citizens Resting
on Their Anns.
POMONA, April 16.— The peace of Po
mona has been restored, temporarily at
least. Shotguns have been laid on the
shelf and "pick hapdles returned to the
hardware stores. Both parties to the con
troversy are resting on their oars, ' pend
ing the decision cf the courts as. to the
rights of ownership of that portion of
First street which occasioned : the fierce
dispute between employes of the Southern
Pacific Railroad and the Pomona citizens,
anxious to defend their own rights and
befriend the Salt Lake Railroad.
1 The franchise granted yesterday by the
City Trustees to the Salt Lake Railroad
cannot be taken advantage of until the
ordinance has been lesrally published j in
the city's official paper, which is issued
on Saturdays. A patrol will be maintained
on First street throughout the week, until
the Salt Lake road comes into its rights
and enters as a factor in the fight. -,
PEACE RESTORED IN POMONA.
Him Receive Serious
"Wounds.
TUCSON, Ariz., April 16.— Douglass, the
new town on the border, was the scene,
last night of an exciting shooting affray,
which resulted in the death- of a woman,
the wounding of two men and the suicide
of the man who did the shooting. I
From the meager details obtained It is
known that a man named Smith, a black
smith, formerly of Clifton, went to Doug
lass from Blsbee to see his wife, who was
employed in a restaurant there. He had
been there but a few minutes when he.
became crazy and began shooting at all
who came into sight. He fired two shots
at his wife, killing her., instantly^ Park
Whitney, with an unknown -man, • started
to interfere. Whitney was wounded i:;
the thigh and the other man received a
bullet through his right groin. After fir
ing a shot at another person, the crazed
man turned his revolver upon himseif.
putting the weapon to his temple and
pulling the trigger. He was killed Jn
stantly. -
The condition of .the wounded men is
not serious, but they will be confined to
their beds for some time. Smith's Aiania
is believed to "have been caused by
jealousy.
Two Men Who Attempt to Restrain
Benjamin KohJberg Tails of Alleged
Plot to Deceive Examining
Physician.
STOCKTON, April 16.— Some sensational
allegations were made on the witness
stand In Justice Parker's court this Af
ternoon by Benjamin Kohlbcrg,.a whole
sale liquor dealer, of San Francisco, con
cerning C. H. Benham, lecal agent of the
New York Mutual Life Insurance : Com
pany. Kohlberg was sued on two notes
of $125, each assigned by Benham. to a
local collector.
According to Kohlberg's story Benham
asked him to havr* his life insured for a
large amount, but Kohlberg said he coul«J
not do it owing to the fuct that a kidney
trouble would prevent his passing tbe
examination. Benham, so Kohlberg says,
declared that that oould easily be ar
ranged by substituting false proof for the
examining physician to pass upon. Tbis
was done, and Kohlberg passed the ex
amination. Later, , however. He learned
that should this be .found out it .'would
vitiate the policy and he would get noth
ing for- his money, so he gave up the pol
icy to Benham and declined to pay -the
premium, amounting in all to $250. He
had given his notes for the amount pre
viously. Benham declined to accept the
policy, and when one of the note3 became
due he assigned them for collection. •
Benham denied the otory told by Kohl
berg and said: no such . fraud had ever
been perpetrated or even suggested. ' Jus
tice Parker took the case under advise '
ment. ¦¦ . -. -.^ ¦ ¦ /. - '
JEAiLOUSY-CILAZED MAN
SLAYS WIFE AND SELF
MAKES CHARGES AGAINST.
LIFE INSTTRANCE AGENT
Albert D. Barham Unopposed in His Candi
dacy for Outside Sentinel at the Com
ing Convention of the Grand/ Parlor
NATIVES WILL HONOR
A LOS ANGELES MAN
TACOMA, AprillC— It is announced by.
Dodwell & Co., operating the Northern
Pacific • trans-Pacific steamship service,'
that its present steamers— the Tac'oma,
the Victoria, the OJympia and the Glen
ogle—will soon give way to larger and
faster vessels having more first-class pas
senger accommodations. The new steam
ers probably will be of American build,
as the company will take, advantage of
the steamship subsidy bill if It berflroes a
law. . When - the steamers are placed in
operation more active efforts will be made
to compete with the Pacific Mail and Can
adian Pacific Steaai&hip - companies for
trans-Pacific passenger business. ,
. The present, .steamers are. primarily
freighters. They have given prompt ser
vice between Hongkong, Yokohama, and
Tacoma, with the result that this line has
built up and centered at Tacoma a larger
freight traffic than that obtained by any
other trans-Pacitic line. The procuring of
fast passenger steamships for the line ia
in the. hands of George Dodwell of Lon
don, now in New York. ¦
Northern Pacific to Strive for Trans
pacific Traffic. I
WILL PUT ON NEW STEAMERS;
STOCKTON^ April 16.— The report is
current among steamboat men that the
two Stockton transportation steamboat
companies have ¦• given options on their
properties to a syndicate that Is working
to procure all. of Ihe Inland river trans-
J portation lines in tl'.e State. I The further
' report is that the proposition Includes tha
1 Sacramento River companies, the coast
i lines and the trans-Pacific lines as well;
that the plan contemplates the organiza
tion of a gigantic trust of steamboat lines.
It is known that the Stockton companies
. have given options on their properties to
run six months.
. . - .
Syndicate Getting Options
on Sacramento River
Vessels.
Its Project Is Said to Embrace a Gi
gantic Combination of .All the
Pacific Coast
Lines.
STEAMER TRUST
BEING FORMED
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; APRIL 17, 1901.
3
LEGAL FIGHT FOR KERN
OH LANDS IS OPENED
S2OTLTTU"G TRUST IS
BROUGHT TO TERMS
GI/ACIAI* PECENOHEWON"
THREATENS DAWSON
EDITORIAL NOTICE — The wznderful remedy, Swamp. Rod, is so remarkably
successful that a special arrangement has bten mode by which all of cur readers who
have r.ot already tried it may have a sample bottle of bwamp-Root sent absolutely free
by mail; also a valuable book, telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and contain-
ing many of the Thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and
women cured by Swamp-Root In writing Dr. Khmer & Co. be sure and say that' you
read this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Ca'l. ¦ ¦
To Readers of The Call: . . •
For some time I suffered from. a serious kidney trouble, and also gravel (cal-
culi), which I believe was thie result of carrying heavy loads and continual ex-
posure. I had an almost continucl pair, in my back, was weak and run down
generally. I fully realized that kidney disease was not only remarkably preva-
lent, but was also one of the greatest- dangers of. my own employment, as a large
percentage of the deaths among letter carriers is due to some form of kidney
trouble. After using other remedies .without satisfaction I decided to try Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, which is prepared in my own city and recommended by so
many Binghamton people. Within a short time I realized | a marked improve-
ment, and in a reasonable time a complete cure was accomplished. It has been
some time since I have had to use any of the remedy, and I have no. fear of a
recurrence of the trouble. Two of my fellow carriers (E. J. Casey and S. C.
Sweeney) have also used Swamp-Eoot tor about the same difficulty as mine, and
with exactly the same results, and they gladly Join me in recommending the
remedy to any one who suffers from klcney, liver .or bladder disprders. Very
truly yours, " ,
K. J. CASEY. ? We. indorse the ffi <£ K « 0 (, -
S. C. SWEENEY. 5 above statement. XS/ .^^.TsJk£J&X&\M
BINGHAMTON, N. Y., January 7. 1901.
C E Stebbins has been In the employ of the Binghamton Postofflce for flf-
teen"years, E. J. Case.y f^r ten years and S. C. Sweeney for seven years. This
long service speaks volumes for their integrity, honest and efficient work.
¦ ¦' • J^_ ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦"¦- ¦'
rc --^**C^-*-^c«^7— «£* a 5p^ -^ (J. H. ROBERTS, P. M.)
Weak and unhealthy kidneys ar&, re-
sponsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, and If permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol-
low. Kidney trouhla irritates the nerves.
makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and
Irritable. Makes you pass water often
during the day and obliges you to sret up
many times during the night. Causes
puffy or dark circles under the eyes,
rheumatism, travel, catarrh of the blad-
der, pain or dull ache in the back. Joints
and muscles, makes your head ache and
back ache, causes indigestion, stomach
and liver trouble: you get a sallow, yel-
low complexion; makes you feel as
though you had heart trouble; you may
have plenty of ambition, but no strength;
get weak and waste away.
The kidneys must also filter and purify
the blood, so when they Are weak or out
of order and fall to do their work you
can understand how quickly your entire
body is affected and ho-w every organ
seems to fail to do Its duty.
The cure fcr these troubles is Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the world-famous
kidney remedy. In taking it you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root
is the most perfect healer and gentle aid
to the kidneys that Is known to medical
science. •
If there is any doubt in your mind as
to vour condition, take from your urine
on "risinp about four ounces, place It in a
flas>s or bottle and let it stand .twenty-
our hours. If on examination it Is milky
or cloudy, if there is a brick-dust settling.
or if small particles float about in it. your
kidneys are in need of immediate atten-
S^amp-Root is pleasant to take and ia
u«»e'l in the leading hospitals, recom-
mer.tled by physicians in their private
practice, and is taken by doctors them-
selves who- have kidney ailments, because
they recognize in it the greatest and
most successful remedy for kidney, liver
and bladder troubles. '•.•¦¦ ¥
If you are already convinced that this
great remedy. Swamp-Root, is what you
need, you can purchase the regular fifty-
cent and one-dollar size bottles at tho
drug stores everywhere. -'- ; ..'
How to Find Out If You
Need Swamp-Root
Test, for Yourself Ihe Wonderful
i| Curative Properties of Swamp-Root
To Prove What the World-Famous Discovery, SWAMP-ROOT, Will Dp for
YOU, Every Reader of'The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
DB. KHiMEB'S • SWAMP-ROOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have you got it ?
Got What?
Why your ticket to the
Pan-American Exposi-
tion, via the Michigan
; Central Railroad or Lake
Shore and t Michigan
Southern Railway.
Direct routes. Fast
time. Superb train ser-
vice. Everything up to
date.
For rates and infor-
mation, call or address
CARLTOH G. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent New York
Central Lines,
637 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
BOTTLE lUntS
MCBURNEY'8
Kidneygtfgg*
k. thorough euro for
pti&s In the back,
B RIGHTS. DISEASE." 1
Xeraela troubles, incoa.
FOR BALB AT
Ko Fercentag-e JOrus Co.. 943-951 Market
et.; Dahlbenfler Drug Co.. 214 Kearny «t.
Send 25c In 2c etamps to W. F. McBurney,
4l£ S. Eprlnr St., Los Angeles. C&I.. for 3
<J«ys' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druggists.
f -
IFOR WEAK WQMEM.
f3*i CXICHESTCR'S ENGLISH
f EfSHYROYAL PH.IS
fr »~/*i~V " O-lsJn«l nod Only Geniilic.
lr-VVSLtS.eA.riE. AJ«-«r.r*ll«*)«. I.Qjlc»,.«kI>rt.rrI.«
rJ iJraS»* *•» chi<5hjsstjek"s ekgusix
(f^**V*g&la KED u< Gold KeUSla box*, ml*
JX -—vfrZwltbKceritbQs. 1>kec««ther. ZLersM
ri w *lS DaitseroM *»b«ttt«tlo«t and Imlt*.
\ I , fS Uo**. Be t ef j»m Drecci". «r •«* •*<?- 1* -
— \___'/^ 'um Mali. I «>.O«O TmtlBMiiii. S»ld by
•'•J^TT... •£ Dr <>«»«*. tbt*br»ter<:hcmle*IC«H
LtttH« tt!» j»p«. ]U£lsoa k c «*rc PKIUU **2
JVfr^S i?b?e« m EI < ** *¦ * non-polEcnont
<V*^J-^y* ir **te»»^» romedT for <ronorrhoes.
>2*iMrCnEEtoTB'»"| Gle<!t « Sperm»to«rha-»,
ftTrtSj iclt*&<JnT«.^£j{ White*, unnatural dij-
£O-JF Gtir»st«'i \s chargt . or »ny inflareaia-
jjr^jw Lot JJ j.^iemr,. tion, i ritition or deer**
EV^' ? r"«f eooiicion. tioa X cinconi mein-
gj'*y>:;:£vM:s ChekicuCc. braaes. Non-astringent.
»J2gaie:N!:!limi.O .E3§5| S»I«1 *»y Praj.-;Ial»»
• VwSSk. C. S. JL. 5K!*i or ePnt ' n rl»ln wrapper,
<^^W fe 7 eijirris, prepaid, for
*<^Xv'^lJSS€* ;^5 0 a yi-W. or 3 bottled. |2.75.
I Get our *$afnpl€*$ I
i The samples tell you that the |
B cloth is all wool and neat an color j|
1 The low price tells you that the |
H*, suits are economical. . m
I The guarantee we give teils>you I
a: hat the workmanship is good. B
@ The repairing agreement on our I
B' oart tells you that we must have faith M
I in the durability of the suits. v 1
m The foregoing are certainly worth i
8 your consideration if you intend to II
ra Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made 9
3- through oar self -measuring system. Write for samples. M
g 718 Market Street and |i
M' Cor* .Powell and Eddy. mSan Lorenzo Votes for Bonds.
, OAKLAND, April 16.— San Lorenzo has
voted $12,000 in bonds if or a new school
building, which will be erected on the site
now- occupied for school purposes. •
Wyoming Bangers Establish Dead
Line and Issue Warning to
Shepherds. ' '
: GREEN RIVER, Wyo., April ' 16 —
Trouble is expected .between the cattle
and sheep men in this country as a result
of_ a recent •meeting' of the cattlemen,
when they established a dead line and sent
notices to sheepmen to keep away The
sheepmen gay they have been using the
territory claimed by the cattlemen for ;
m^ ny X earB and they Propose to stand by
what they consider are their rights.
CATTLE AND SHEEP MEN
GIRCDING POR LAND WAR
Tlme-1-16, :07; %,¦ :24; %, :4S%; 6%f 1-23U
w 'nnen Owen Bros.' ch. m. by^Royll Flushl
Lady Emma. Good Btart.- Won first three
O^^uit^^eap'To^ Ca ™ thrOUSh - ™°
Betting-Canejo, 8-5; Position, 40; Frank
Duffy 10; The Gaffir, 8-2; John Welch iv
May- Boy, 100; Mifford, SO; Illusion, M-Ro^
Agent, 40; Plratta, 50; . Alpha Lee, '60; Robert
21tO7. SIXTH RACE-Slx and a half furlongs;
celling; maidens; three-year-olda and upward
purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St: «. . a! Fin
2286 Canejo. 4, 109... Mounce 2 72 3 h' 1 1
"2276 Position, 4..1U.W. Flynn 4 3 2 5 1 III
20S6 F. Duffy 4, 111... Conley 8 8 2 4 u' 3 n
2272 The Gafnr. 3,.107.Domnk 3 5 H 2 1 4 1
2272 John- Welch, 4, lll.Frwly 1- l l - 1 tc - \ i
22S2 May Boy, 6. iu./.TprtorlO 9 4 6 1 6 ?4
2252MifEord, 4, 114 Fogg 6 6 1 7' ?i
;2« Illusion, 3, 105....Phelanll 10 1 ,' 9 8 4
2276 R. Agent, 8. 107... Butler 7 4 n ' 8 9
2272 Plratta, :3/ 110v.Bozeminl2 11 10 10
2198 Alpha Lee. 3, 105.BaaCT 612 11 11 •
2276 Robert J, 3, 111-Henessy 9 2 2 12 12
2300. FIFTH RACE-One mile and a sis
teehth; Belling; four-year-olds and upward;
purse, $100. .•
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. «. Str. Fin *
2291 -Alicia, a. 103. ...Mounce 4 6 1 In 1%
22% Alaska, 6. 107 Bee 8 7 1 21 .55
82S3 Free Lance, a, lU.Turnr i 2h 6 1 3 n •
2271 PhoenUsa, 4, lC8.Domnk 6 4 4 3 1 4 n
2191 El Mido. 6. 110.. -.Thorpe 0 8 ij 6 1 & U
21S0 Nanson, 4. 106.. J. Waleh 5 SI .7 1 6 3
i'2U Eln.iteln. 6. lOj.UacsnBerlO 10 3 8 1 7 ?
2222 J. McCloevy, 5, 108. .Hall 7 9 3 9 2 S 2
*m Spike. 4. 1CS Ilan«ch 3 1! 4 h 9 a
22SS Rio Chteo, 6. ll0...Gouln I 3 h 10 10 10 20
2247 Sunello. 4. 101. W. Flynnll 11 11 n .
Time— 1-16, :CG?T; U. :25U; U, :50«: « l-lEU
mile, 1:42; 1 l-llm, 1:4S\. Good Start. Won
Hrst three driving. Winner, P. Moore's ch. m.
by Maleolm-Viney. Mounce on winner outrode
See. Phoenissa pocketed and almost thrown
opposite stand; otherwise would have won
Isunscn cut oft on far turn by Phoenissa. Spike
a cheap one. • * •
Hettlng-Allc'.a,- 8: Alaska, 12; Free Lance,
9-2; Phoenissa, 2; El Mldo, IS; Nansen 9-2
£i? 8tel ?A J £ : Jlm Mc Cleevy, 200; Spike, S; Rio
Chico, 60; Sunello, 60.
23Q5. FOURTH RACE-Six and a half fur
longs; selling; maidens; three-year-olda and
upward; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. ¦ : St. M. ¦ Str. Fin.
2276 Lucera. 3, lC5.Dominick 3 3 h 1 n 11
2272 Sailor, 3, 107......Ranseh 7 2 1 2n 2 2
2272 Rasp. 3, 107. .. k ....... See 5 6 1 4 hi 3 h
22C6 Master Cal, 3, »7. Thorpe 4 8 2 6 2 4 n
227tt C. Santa. 3. 107.Alxandr 2 1 1' 3 2 6 U
2272 Sen. Matts, 5, 114.Ccnley 1 4 h 5 V. 6 1
2276 William F, 4, HL.Mnce 9 9 1 7^74
2018 Sw. Voice, 4, 109.Martlnl0 10 4 9 81
2295 Cambaceres, 3, HO.Flynn 8 - 7 V& 8 1 9 3
2272 Cantinus. 3, HO.Wedstrd 6 5 1 10 2 10 2
2272 Honduran, 4, lll.HoweUll 11 ¦ 11 11
Time— 1-16, :C7; M, :23>4: M. :4S; 6V.f, 1:22%
Good start. Won all out. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. T. Boots' ch. f. by Tiger-
Lucia dl Lammermoor. Lucera finally cast her
vote. Sailor away none too well, and rushed
to the front. Rafp rocketed on back stretch.
Too far for Cerro Santa. \
Bettlns-Lucera, 9-2; Sailor, 9-5; Rasp, 20;
Master Cal; 4; Cerro Santa, 15; Senator Matts.
30; William F, 6; Sweet Voice, 40; Cambaceres
30; CantimiB, 30; Honduran. 60.
i , ¦ i
2304.,, .THIRD 'RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2242 Hermoso, 6, 114.. Turner 11115 15
2153 Midlove, .5, 109.Fauntlry 5 4 2 3 h 2 n .
22S3 Duckoy, 4, lOS.Wedrstnd 6 3 h 4 2 3 1
2241 Clarando, 5, 109.Domnck 3 2 >,i 2 h 4 h "
(22S3)D. Weithoft, 5, 109.Rnsch 2 6 1 6 1 5 %
2271 High Hoe, 6, 109. Mounce 4 5 1 5 4 6 4
2271 Mocorlto, 6, 109... Thorpe 7 7 1 7 2 72'
2277 T. Irishmn, 4, 108.Mrphy 8 8 8.8
Time-46.: :12%: M. :24; %. :35%; %. 1:00%.
Good start. Won easily. - Second and third
driving. Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. h. by
imp. Sir Modred-Fidelity. Winner outbroke
and outfooted his field. Midlove showed old
time speed. Clarando ran his race. Dollie
Weithoff a poor weight packer. Irishman lame.
Scratched— Simon D 111, Asian 111, Loconomo,
109, Nullah 106.
Betting— Hermoso. 1-2; Midlove, 20; Duckoy,
50; Clarando, SO; Dollie Weithoff, 5; High Hoe,
15; Mocorito, 15; Tame Irishman, 20.
2303. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; two
year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2225 Cruzados, 10S.. Alexander 1 12 12 13
2293 Sister Jeanie. 105.. Conley 4 2 1 2 2 2 1
2293 J. V. Klrby, 105..Domnk 3 5 1 5 1 3 1
2273 Huaehuca, 108.... Thorpe 5 4 % 3 2 4 2
2273.1rma A, 105 Gouin 6 3 % 4 1 5 2
2201 Redan. 105..., See 7 6 10 6 10 6 12
22G1 Monastic 105 Logue 2 7 7 '7 '
Time— V*. :23%; %, :47%. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner. E.
J. Baldwin & Co.'s b. c. by Emperor of Nor
folk-Atlanta II. • Cruzados suddenly regained
his speed and health. Sister Jeanie ran her
race. Huaehuca a disappointment. Monastic
cut oft at stari. Scratched— Ogle 108. •
¦ Betting-— Cruzados, 7; Sister Jeanie, 6-5; J. V.
Klrby, 5-2; Huaehuca, 7; Irma A, 80; Redan,
30; Monastic, 2C0.
2302. FIRST RACI>-Five furlongs; aellln»:
four-year-olds and upward; purse, JWO.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Etr. Fin.
2290 Vantine. 4. 1W... Mounce 2 2h 2h 11
:iM Amesa. 6, HI.... Ransch 6 11 1 J .s 2 n
1*76 The Miller. 4. Ill See 4 4 1 • 4 n 3 1
2341 Jennie. C, 109...1>oralnick 6 6 H 5 1 4 2
2296 Gusto. 4, 111..H. Shields 3 3h 3 »,i 5 2
teMOSpry Lark, a. 109..Russl 8 5 1 tH 63
2231 Alas, 4, 106 Thorpe 1 7 5 7 2 7 5
(2206) St. Anthony, 4, lCS.GIsbn 7 8 1 8 2 8 2
(1202) Joe Mussle. a. lH.BasgrlO 9 9 9
2290 M. Strauss; 4, KS.Conley 9 Bled
Tim'e-tf. :24; %. :S5H: 94. 1:00*. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, G. W. Sni
der & Co.'a ch. m. by imp. Anchorite- Veetlna.
Vantine outstayed Amasa. The Miller ran a
nice race at dusty odds. Jennie a third rater.
Gusto aired himself. - Alas cut off. Scratched —
Satan 10S, Aluminum 111.
Betting— Vantine, 5; Amasa, 11-5; The MI1-
Jer, 50; Jennie. 16-5; Gusto, 10: Spry Lark, 75;
Alas. 10; St. Anthony, 60; Joe Mussle, 100;
Mike Strauss, 7.
TANFORAN" PARK— Tuesday, April 16,
190L— Weather fine. .Track fast. ,
Falls Dead in Church.
WILLOWS, April 16.— J. P. Klemmer,
a pioneer merchant of Willows, dropped
dead in the Baptist. Churcn- last night iu*t
as the services commenced. Heart fail
ure, from which he had suffered for some
time, was the cause. Mr. Klemmer came
to California in 1849.
fishing, was acquitted to-day by a Jury
in "Judge Burnett's court after a- short
trial.* The District Attorney refused to
prosecute the case and' the prosecution
was accordingly conducted by the Fish
Commission. Hetzel was caught in " the
act of taking steelhead trout from a net
In Russian River, but claimed he was
passing and took the fish only because
he was attracted by a splashing in tho
riffle,; not having set the net himself.
Clawson Recovering.
PHOENIX,. Ariz., April 16.— Richard
Clawson, W. C. Whitney's famous jockey,
who was reported dying with consump
tion several weeks ago, Js recovering and
was able, to leave the hospital to-day.
Clawson is planning to ride again the lat
ter part of the present season.
Jury Acquits Hetzel.
SANTA ROSA, April 16.— C. F. Hetzel,
the Guernevllle man charged with Illegal
Four furlongs, purse, two-year-olds— Old
Hutch won, Bnccle second, , Lady Burlington
third. Tlmo. :51H-
One mile, the Tennessee Oaks— Lady Schorr
won. Lady Strathmore second. Miss Bennett
third. Time, ,1:42 3-5.
Seven and a half furlongs^ — Le« King won,
second,, Merriman third. Time.- 1:36H.
¦ Five furlongs— Zaekford won. Myra Morella
second. William Boyer third. Time, 1:02ft .
CINCINNATI. April 16.— Summaries :
Five and a half furlongs, selling — Erema
won, Brown Vail second. Juniper third. Time,
1:12. ,
Five and- a half furlongs— Eva Wilson won,'
Easter second, Maggie W third. Time, l:10V4.
Four and a half furlongs — El * Giva won.
Myrtle Dell second. King Daly third. Time,
:57H.: ' • ¦
Six land* a half furlongs— Dutch Comedian
won, ' J. H. Sloan second, • Foneda third.
Time. 1:24#. -
Seven furlongs, selling — Castine won. Com«
Quick second, . Little Tommy Tucker . third.
Time, 1:33.
One mile— Lawton won. Sara Gamp second,
Julius Werner third. Time, 1:48.
CHICAGO. April 2i5.— Races at Lakeside
resulted as follows:
Four furlongs— South Elkhorn won. Amole
Fecond, Parnassius third. Time, :50 2-5.
Seven furlongs— Aaron won. Chancery second,
Bengal third. Time, 1:32.
. Six furlongs— Henry Bert won, Leo Newell
second, Dorothy Lee third. Time. 1:15.
One ralle— Rhynelander won, Free Hand sec
ond, Annovaa third. Time, 1:43 2-5.
Four and a half furlongs— Blue Rldga won,
Stuart Young second, Tom Wallace third.
Tlrpe. :56 1-3.
One mile — Phidias won. Martha Fox second,
Frank Ireland third. Time. 1:43 2-5.
NEW YORK, April 16.— Summary:
Five and a. half furlongrs. selling — Sadducee
won Snark second. Judge Wardell third. Time,
1:09 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs— Sadie S won, Spry
eceond. Janice third. Time, 1:08.
Four and a half furlongs— Red Damsel won,
Kquallse second, James Fits third. Time,
:56 2-C. <¦ . ......
. One mile and . seventy yards, selling— Althea
wen Matt Simpson second. Knight of the Gar
ter third. Time. 1:43 2-5.
Six furlongs, selling— Shoreham won, Lucky
Star second, Allaire third. Time, 1:17.
Four and a half furlongs — Jack Demund won,
Postillion second, Meditation third. Time,
, :56 3-P. , . . ,
MEMPHIS. April 16.— John F. Schorr's
bay fllljv- Lady Schorr, by imp. Esher
"War Mantle, won the Tennessee Oaks
this afternoon, covering the mile In 1:42%
; and beating T. P.. Hayes' Lady Strath
more half a length. Results:
Bevon and a' halt furlongs, sellings — Harry
Pulltan won, ISdlth Q second, Blltheful third.
Time, l:36\4. •
Five furlongs, selling— Sam H. Cochran won,
Arsessment second, Francis Reis third. Time.
1:03.
RESULTS OF RACING ON
FOTTR EASTERN TRACKS
CRUZADOS DEVELOPS
A BUNCH OF SPEED
Fast Two-Year-Old in an Acrobatic
Turn Equals the California Record
for Half a Mile at Tanforan Park
Men Selected to Represent
Berkeley and Stanford
in Field Day.
UNIVERSITIES
PICK ENTRIES
Arrangements for Intercollegiate Con
tests, to Be H>ld on California
Cinder Path, Being Rap
idly Completed.
BERKELEY". April IS.— California and,
Stanford have fixed their entries for the
Intercollegiate field day, which will be
held Saturday afternoon on the Berkeley
cinder path. They are as follows:
Hundred -yard dash— Cadosan. C: 1-arnh. S.;
Erowa, C. ; McCauchera. 8.: Hamilton. S.;
Uiahop. G; Townsend, C; Bubb. S.
SO- yard dash— McCaarbem. S.; Lamb, P.:
Cadoras. C: Stewart, 15.; Townwnd, c.; At
bilU C; Bubb. S.: Hamilton, S.; Brown, C.
«4'>-y t rd dash— Squires. C. : Bubb, S. : Smith.
S.; Dunn, £¦: Llgriia, C: Asblll, C, ; Ilolmnn.
S.; Powms. C; Stewart, S.; Service, C;
l»ralnard. C
SSfr-yard run— Chadbourne. 8.; Hamilton,' S.;
Fervlce, C; Clifford. C; Parker. C; Bpraeue.
8.; Woods, C; Hawley. S.; Talbot, S.; Jew
ell. C
Mile run— Service. C; Hamilton. S.; Chad
bourne. S.; Sj>rarue. S.; Morgie. S.; ReJewlll,
C.: Woods. C; Weber. C; Powell. C.
lKMrard hurdle— liamlln, C. ; Cheek, C. ; Kara
trore." S.: Taylor. S.; Kuhn, S.; Thomas. G;
PowelL C
220-yard hurdle— Cheek. C; Naramore. S. ;
Taylor S.: Woolsey. C. ; Kuhn. S.; Powell. C.
Mile walk— Walsh. C: Allen, C.; Schokke,
S • Tonsley, S.: Licwls. S.; Watson. C.
High Jump— Henley. S.; Cooley, C; Cheek,
r.; Dole. S.; Woolsey, C; Preston. S.; Beach,
fc!.: Powell. C.
Broad Jump— Hussey. C; Cooley. G: Sym
onds. &; Lyons, S.; Henley, S.; Topham. C;
Minor. G; Bralnard. C; Preston, S.
Pole vault— Duden. C; Starr, C: Dele, 8.;
Beach S.; Foster. S.; Denten, S.; Wilcox. G;
Henley. S.
Shot put— Plaw. C. : Woolsey, C. ; Broolrs, S.;
Hyde. S.: Traeger. &; Bishop, C; Llgda, C;
Parker. &
Hammer throw— Gilman. S.: Plaw. C: Trae-
Ker. S.: Brooks. S. : Xlchol. S.; Smith. C;
Albertson. C; Hartline. G; McPadden, 3.
Track, Captain A. M. Walsh of Berkeley
*nd Track Captain A. B. Stewart of Stan
ford have agreed upon the following rules
regarding heats in races:
In the 100-yard dash there shall be two heats,
frst and second place men to qualify for flnal;
ttree beau in 220-yard dash, first place men to
qualify: two heats in 120- yard hurdles, Urst
rlaee men to qualify; two heats in 220-yard
Hurdles, first place men and fastest second to
qualify. 0
Track Manager Gilman of Stanford will
come to Berkeley Friday, when drawings
-for positions on the track will be made.
The athletes will know their places on
the track before leaving their training
quarters. This will greatly aid in bring
ing: the events off promptly.
Work of moving the new baseball
bleachers to the track has commenced.
The old bleachers at the cinder path will
be strengthened in order to support the
crowd that is expected Saturday. Two
sections on the bleachers will be reserved
for the Stanford and California rooters.
Tickets have been placed on sale at both
universities and at Clabrough, Golcher &
Co.'s, San Francisco.
Port Craven. Meeting.
LONDON, April 16.-Colonel H. McCal
mont's bay colt StMaclou, by St Simon-
Mimi, won the forty-second Newmarket
biennial stake at the Port Craven meeting
to-day. Arthur James' Magic Mirror was
second and William C. Whitney's Volody
voski, ridden by Lester Reiff, third. Seven
horses ran. The performance of the Vo
lodyvoski colt was a distinct disappoint
ment' and showed a need of preparation
should he meet th? expectation of those
who have held him a favorite for the
English Derby. The biennial stake is of
25 sovereigns each, with 500 sovereigns
added for three-year-olds, over the Row
ley mile.
The betting was 6 to 1 against St. Mac
lou.'10 to 1 against Magic Mirror and 3 to
1 against Volodyvoskl. After the race
Volodyvoskl receded in the Derby betting
from 6 to 1 to 8 to 1.
D*nny Maher. an American Jockey, had
the mount on McCreary's Thomas Cat in
the race for the Long Trial plate and
rune in second. This race was won by
Lincoln Mint, and South Australian, rid
den by Clem Jenkins, an American, was
third.
In the race for the Crawford stake, han
dicap, C. S. Newton's Lord Earnest, Ma
her up, won: Captain Loder's Luttetla, J.
Rein* un. second: J. Craig's Carlekemp
third. Ten horses started.
Will Play Baseball.
OAKLAND. April 16 -Tho Reliance
taseball nine will play against the Dewey
Theater team to-morrow afternoon at S:33
o'clock at Freeman's Park, Golden Gate.
The teams are:
Reliance — Wyms. catcher: Evans,
pitcher: Ward, first base White, second
base; Hannifan. third bejee: Kane, short*
etop; Whitney, left field- Bcebe, center
field; Cadoean, right Held.
Dewey Theater— Hardy, catcher: Hol
<Jmi. rijrht field: Stewart, left field; Blunk-
Iiall. third base; Keyes. center field;
Oanz, pitcher: WhittsJcer, shortstop;
Short, second base: Silverstone, first
base; Bouterlous, sub or pitcher.
Kansas Sportsmen. MTeet.
LBAVENWORTH. Kan., April 16.— The
twelfth annual tournament of the Kan
sas State Sportsmen's Association was
held in Electric* Park to-day with about
seventy-five 'participants -in the event.
To-day's feature was the team race
¦which waa won by O'Brien of Florence
and Hicks of Stafford, the trophy being
a silver coffee urn.
To-morrow's event- will be the contest
for the Rochester Brewing Company's
cup and Is open to the world.
De Oro I/eads.
WASHINGTON. April 16.— A three
nights' pool tournament for the champion
ship of the world was begun here" to-night
between De Oro, the Cuban, and Frank
Sherman of America. The play is for
COO balls. 200 a night. De Oro won in to
nlrbt's contest, making a score of 202 as
against 161 for Sherman. De Oro's best
run was 40.
Baseball Games.
DAYTON. Ohio, April 16.— Dayton 3.
Cincinnati 7.
NEW YORK, April 16.— Brooklyn 2,
Rochester L
CHICAGO. April 16.— University of Chi
cago ". University of Michigan €.
TERRY McGOVERN ARRIVES
AND BEGINS ACTIVE TRAINING
Four Rounds With His Sparring Partner, Denny Dougherty,
110-Pound Champion, Show the Mettle of Terrible
Teddy— Will Fight Erne but Will Not Speak of Weights
go Into active training until Wednesday.
His love for his own work got the better
of him. however, and before the day was
done Terry was in tho fiercest sort of a
four-round mix up with Denny Dougherty,
who, by the way. Is a fighter of no mean
degree.
Blocking, movinff In and out of ranye.
countering 1 , delivering short-arm blows
with a force that would make a bullock
stager. McGovern went at Dougherty as
if his life depended \ipon the serlou3nes3
of ' his efforts. McGovern can hit, Mc-
Govern can block. McGovern can take a
punch. And, more than that, he Is very
fast on his feet.
With the gloves off Terry McGovern la
an agreeable little fellow, ready to grant
favors, to get the best out of hH
"diurnal course" and to engage in all
klnd3 of boyish pastimes. He would Just
as soon wrestle on the sand dunes with
his training 1 companion. Dougherty, as cry
"Buffalo" at the crowd that comes to see
him at work— that is. when they are lined
against a counter.
Tho four rounds which McGovern
boxed with Dougherty were enough to
bring out the watery beads on both the
fighting midgets. When the first round
had come to an end Terry said: "It was
long enough to be forty minutes." In the
second spasm of fighting he found hi3
"secend installation of respiration," as it
has been called in Boston. Then the
rounds meant nothing to him. The bout
over, McGovern danced around the floor
and skipped rope until his manager cried
quits for the day.
The training will begin in earnest this
morning. For the next two weeks Mc-
Govern will work like a small demon and
McQOVERN BEGINS TRAINING WITH
DOUGHERTY. SOME OF HIS KNOCK
OUT PUNCHES.
President Woodson. appointed C. A.
Adams and H. E. Warren members of the
executive committee at large.
Balloting for officers to serve for the en
suing year was then commenced and re
sulted in the election without opposition
ol the following: President, J. A. Wood
son of Sacramento: first vice president.
E. B. Learning of San Francisco; second
vice . president, W. G. Leeper of Vallejo;
treasurer. J. J. B. Argenti of San Fran
cisco. The election of a secretary was
left to the executive board. Stanley G.
Scovern, who had filled the position so
satisfactorily, had tendered his resigna
tion, which was not accepted, as it was
thought the executive committee would
be able to prevail upon him to occupy the
desk for another year. ".
The Reliance Club of Oakland, upon ap
plication, was readmitted to membership
In the association.
Sentiment ruled the meeting of the Cal
ifornia Associated Cycling Clubs held last
right in the rooms of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen. The delegates present were in
n particularly amiable frame of mind and
applied delicate touches to the profes
sional reputations of a number of. bicycle
riders and made them once more tha
pure, "Just-beginning" amateur.
Tho restoration commenced with the
name of George Weyhian and only stopped
when the namei of Wilbur Edwards and
Walter- Foster were placed once more
among those of the amateurs. Even the
reputation of Charlie Crafts was white
washed and the same delicate brush was
applied to W. H. Haley, Charles Thiesen,
Charles Birdsall and Henry Egeberg.
The Olympic Club was represented at
the meeting- by sevcrn delegates,- the Cali
fornia Cycling Club by nine, the Vallejo
Cycle Path Club by tive, the Capital City
Wheelmen by seventeen and the Oak Park
Wheelmen of Sacramento by eleven.
President Woodson's report called at
tention to the passage of a bill in the Leg
islature making the stealing of a bicycle
a felony and also brought to the attention
of the delegates the bill passed giving
Boards of Supervisors the power to tax
bicycles and automobiles. ! In connection
with . the last named bill the Judiciary
Committee was requested to draft an or
dinance-to be sent to the various Boards
of Supervisors throughout the State. The
money raised by this tax is to be devoted
to the building of bicycle paths. District
Attorney Baker of Sacramento was named
as a member of the Judiciary Committee,
vice S. Solon Holl, whose term had ex
pired. .
Sentiment Rules at the Annual Meet
ing and Many Old-Timers Are
Forgiven for Past
Offenses. : i
Professionals Restored' to
Aujateur Ranks by the
Assooiated Clubs.
BRUSH APPLIED
TO BICYCLISTS
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL,: WEDNESDAYj .-^?KIIi 17, 1901.
KL PASO. Tex., April 16.— The strange
disappearance of C. S; Young-, a promi
nent oil . promoter, of Bakersfield, Cal.,
from the Southern Pacific train here last
ntgnt - has created quite a sensation.
Young was en route^to the new oil fields
at Beaumont, Texas; with several friends,
and when the train was - about fifteen
miles from El Paso they missed' him.
His hat and valise were left in his 5 seat,
J^i e *vP°« u \l? n * 0^ b - e f ound - ' Officers here
n h " k .that he_ fell from the train and fell
Into the hands of Mexican robbers- who
took him across the border to prevent an
early ¦ alarm. . - •¦ • •¦- • . .
C. S. Young Missed by Fellow-Pas-,
sengers and May Be in Hands
of Bobbers. \$-4'r(-;
BAKERSFIELD OIL MAU" v
DISAPPEAES PROM TRAITi
LISBON,' April' 16.— In the best in
formed circles here it, is declared "that the
story . that the ¦ Queen of Portugal will
enter, a, convent is absolutely..fantasti
cal. ' -•-.'- .i ;?¦>•"¦" •--"¦• ¦ r -',v'* :r -' "."."¦ ~ .
No Veil for Portugal's Queen.
: APPLETON. Wls., ~ April 16.— Behny
Yanger easily defeated "Turkey Point"
Billy Smith here to-night in the fourth
round of what was to have been an eight
round contest! Both men*,showed .up
strong until the third round, when Yanger
cut loose with right and. left swings and
brought ; Smith to the floor four times.
The fourth ¦ round lasted • a. few seconds,
Yanger delivering the, -knockout with a
terrific left swlngon the ribs. ¦>
JYonger * Defeats "Turkey Point."
then he will step into the ring with Oscar
Gardner, for whom he has a pugilistic re
spect.
"Will you* meet Erne?" was asked Mc-
Govern. "Whj, of course." was the»
ready response. "In a minute."
"Hew about the weishls?"
"Well. I'll fight him any time. My man
eger will regulate the weights."
And so th© Erne-McGovern fight Is In
the bnJance. Some later day may solve
the problem in fisticuffs and will find both
men willing to step Into the ring under
conditions agreed upon by the managers. .
BERKELEY, April 16.— In burnt cork
and fantastic garb, men from the sopho
more class of the University of California
will • appear In an old-f asnioned min
strel performance to-morrow night. The
fun will occur in. the Berkeley opera
house.
The first part of the entertainment will
be given over to minstrels: Several songs
•will be rendered by the chorus. The eirj
men are filled with jokes,' local and dther
wise. and- expect to keep things moving
T. W. Haskins will be interlocutor and
the following named will be in the-"cast":
Bones— Walter Bur.dschu,. George T. Da
vis,' Sam -Davies and B. Taylor McLean.
Tamboes— H. K. Blink, Ed Hume, S. O.
"Van Valer and Harry Hudson
' George C. Davis will do some specialty
turns. ¦¦-'.' •¦ ¦ ' , • ¦ ¦ ¦ .
A vaudeville programme will be given at
the close of the minstrels. H. X>. Paddock
and A. S. Lemberger ¦ will appear in
sketch, '.'Old Cronies." Ed Hume and B.
T. McLean will" be villlans of a modern
typf in "The Twentieth Century Burg
lars." Milton Schwartz, and R. W. TulTy
have arranged for a new specialty.- They
¦will glve-a lively original "sketch and sing
a*few songs. A travesty will be given
on.Sousa'sband and an ocarina quartet
will struggle with a few bars.. 'Mohologist
J. A. Morlarlty . will have somethings to
say. E. C. • Stevens will render, a corn»t
SO1O. . . ' ; .it. ...
The minstrel paTt of the performance Is
being worked up with-- great care. The
men have, all had experience on the stage
before, esDecially in burnt .cork parts. '
The entire affair is under ; the ; manage
ment of H. L. Paddock. '•' -<' J "
Old-Fashioned Black - Face
Performance to Be
Given.
p»T-|-*aERRY McQOVBRN. Manager Sam
. II Harris, 110-pound champion Denny
I Dougherty, Mrs. McGovern ' and
UL child and Mrs. Harris, with sev
. eral trunks and much other bag
gage, arrived on the belated overland yes
terday morning and went at once to the
Palace Hotel— Just to register and eat
breakfast on terra flrma.. Not many hours
after the party moved traps -arid trunks
and all are now ensconced at the Casino,
the road resort on the north Bide of the
park. ;¦ . "
MINSTREL SHOW
BY SOPHOMORES
The "Terrible" Terry, the, "Whirlwind,"
the destroyer of featherweight aspirations
In every breast but his own, is all that
has been written of him. Late yesterday
afternoon in his temporary training Quar
ters at the Casino he demonstrated to a
small- party of friends that he la a fight
ing wonder, a marvel, not from the "old
world," but something new, a product of
the late years of pugilism. He is to all
appearances a midget heavyweight. Terry
McGovern has muscles like the biggest
fighter of them all. He Is short of stat
ure, but proportionately .estimated, Terry
McGovern is a diminutive Jeffries.
Upon his arrival In this" city McGovern
came to the conclusion that he would hot
The final match was between Miss .Box
hall and Daily and Miss Hunter and G.
F. Whitney. This was the best match
of the day and the only one that required
the full three sets to settle the question
of- supremacy. Whitney and Miss Hunter
won, 4-6, 6-3, 6-2.
The next match was between Miss RoEe
Sherwood and R. N. "Whitney, on one stda
and Miss Emma Hunter and George
Whitney on. the other. The champions
were. too strong for their opponents, and
after some' fast rallies won out, 6-2, 6 : 2.
Th«v first match of the day was between
Joseph l^Eily and Miss Mayme Boxhall
and Grant fcmith and Miss Isabella Sher
wood. The former team won easily, C-2,
C-0.
Four teams, composed of four of the
best men of the California Tennis Club
and four of Alameda's best lady players
contested. Partners were drawn by lot.
Champion "Whitney was fortunate enough
to draw the best lady player entered. Miss
Emma Hunter, the champion of Alameda
County.
¦ An invitation mixed doubles tournament
was played yesterday on the courts of the
Alameda Tennis Club, and, as usual,
George Whitney and his partner carried
off first prize.
George Whitney and Miss Emma
. Hunter Win Easily From All
Other Teams.
First race — I Don't Know, Foul Play, Neck
lace. .
Second race — Inocencla, Jarretlerre d'Or,
Zirl. ' .
Third race— Dunboy, Herculean, J. O. C. -«"
Fourth race — Corrlgai!, Flora - Pomona, '.' Do
reen.'. ' . , . * » ... ¦ .;.. ;
• Fifth race— Scotch Plaid, Wyoming, The
Phoenician. ". <}. .
Sixth - race— Bernota, MacGyle. Flatterer.
MIXED DOUBLES ON
CALIFORNIA COTTRTS
Probable "Winners.
Sixth race— One mile, three-year-olds aW up
ward; eelling.
2284 Bernota '.." 95 f 2280 Flatterer :.. R<t
(2270)MacGyle .......106 2274 Compass ....... 84
2260 Tony Lepping.. 89 2291 Maydine Sw
Fifth race— One mile and a sixteenth, four
year-olds and upward; selling.
S296 Parmenion 99 2300 Danger. Mald..lO3
«2")Don LulB 103 (2288)Scotch Plaid. ...103
2187 Wyoming- 106 2264 The Phoenlclanl03
2220 Sir Hampton... 105 (2291) Precursor Ill,
Fourth race— Five furlong?, two-year-olds;
Western Foal Stakes.
22TS Evander 1081 2255 Royalty 115
2293 I>or*«n' 115 l2293)Corrlean 12«
£293 Flora Pomona... U5 1 22S7 Yrsula 108
Third race-r-One mil* and a half, over six
hurdles; purse. •
2292 Ld Chwterneld.140 2292 Vlklngr 155
2194 Dunboy 140 2210 Herculean , 128
2009 6am Howard. ..1*6 2233 J.* O. C M0
2196 ravprsham 139
Second rnrf — Four and a half furlongs, two
year-olds; selling-. f» ••« -» .
(ISSS)Inoccnda 1101 K9S Prestano 110
2147 Yellowstone ...118 2579 Zirl 110
2279 Ogle list 229J Jarrlet. d'Or....U0
•156 Mlk« R!c*......lU 2540 Pilot .....105
2197 UmfllKht XU II41 Saul of Tarsus, m
21»4.I Donl' Know. .HI 2175 L*>onun Xll
17M NwkUee 103 20SO Summer Ill
:r>i Foul Play."...?..lW 21M Formatus 10S
2276 Abbylelx I* MS 2!5" Favorite, ........103
First race— Five ami a half furlongs, ' four
yrar-oMs and upward: selling..
To-Day's Entries.
The rich Western Foal etake, for two
year-olds, with Corrlgan, Flora Pomona
and Doreen among the starters, is the
feature of the card this afternoon. .
Track Note.
A plunge was made on Sailor, the recent
purchase of Burns & Waterhouse, to win
the first six and a half furlong selling af
fair for maidens, but the three-year-old
could not make good. Away from the bar
rier none too well, Ransch rushed him
along too fast in an endeavor to set the
lead. After finally gaining his point Dom
inick, astride Lucera, chanced along,
downing the warm one without much ef
fort. See finished third on the 30 to 1 shot,
Rasp.
Pat Dunne's Nansen looked best of the
starters In the mile and a sixteenth run,
but the smart ones put their checks down
on Tom Ryan's Phoenissa, sending her
out favorite. Dominick had fhe leg up
and lost so much ground by being nearly
knocked down opposite the stand that the
filly was unplaced. In a hard drive
Mounce put Alicia, a 10 to 1 outsider, over
the mark first, half a length ahead of
Alaska, another outsider.
Mounce also rode the winner of the
closing event, Canejo, second choice
in the ring. Coming from behind as usual
the Royal Flush mare beat Position a
length. The Gaffir, closing post favorite,
ran fourth after showing up prominently
to the stretch.
Several select pieces of horseflesh were
entered In the third number, a five-fur
long scramble, each to be sold for $200, far
below actual valuation. It was freely
prognosticated that Sam Hildreth's big
sprinter, Hermoso, would receive a boost
if he won, and the prophecy was fulfilled.
The chestnut horse went to the post a 1
to 2 favorite, and won running away
from Midlove and Duckoy. When the win
ner was put- up to be sold Jim Murphy
bid the entered selling price to 5705, Hil
dreth retaining his , horse with . the
usual $5.
Amasa fell a trifle short of landing the
opening .flve-furlong scramble. Ransch
rode the little bay gelding, which closed
favorite over Jennie and Vantine. Lead
ing the bunch to the paddock, he was
there collared and in 'a drive beaten a
length by Vantine, well handled by
Mounce. The Miller, a 50 to 1 shot, led
Jennie out for the show.
record for two-year-olds, as well as
equaling the all-aged mark, made by the
buckskin warrior, April Fool, in 1S92, at
Sacramento. The favorite. Sister Jeanie,
finished second, and Klrby third.
Favorites put in another miserable day,
scoring ¦ . on but one .occasion, when
Hermoso tow-roped his field. Mounce
piloted three winners.
away in :47& seconds, breaking the Coast
THE crack Cruzados executed a
stunt at Tanforan yesterday as
bewildering as It was crushing to
the students of "dope." When
this fast** product of • "Lucky"
Baldwin's Santa Anita ranch first dazzled
the publio by his fleet footedness on Jan
uary 25, he was Immediately hailed as a
champion. Then the colt was laid away.
X«ct he cam© out on April 1, In a four
furlong scramble, and backed down to 7
to 10 favoritism with O'Connor up, finish
ed a ridden out fourth,- the dash going to
Flora Pomona, How changed it all was
yesterday. Alexander, a homespun-color
ed. Jockey In the employ of the young-
Bter's trainer, W. J. Spiers, sat in the
saddle. The public busied Itself getting
aboard Jister Jeanle, the 6 to 5 favorite,
and J. V.- Kirby, looked upon as likely to
be there when the scrap began. Closing
a 7 to 1 shot, Cruzados outbroke his com
pany, and came homo throwing the bit
BY P. E. MTJLHOLLAND.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
4
II For Constipation or Stomach Disorders,,
§ ««HUNYADI-JANOS" HAS NO EQUAL.
Read this testimonial from Professor W. H. Mays, M. D.,
" For many years I have regarded Hanyadl Janos as a most efficient Aperient Water,
easy of administration and prompt and reliable in its action. For Constipation in taose
of sedentary habit or bilious temperament -I can find nothing better." TV*. H. Mays
M. D.; Professor of Gynecolosy at Uie San Francisco Polyclinic. Post Graduate Medical
Department, University of California, (1887). ' "...
A ¦ ' ¦ ~ ' . ¦ ¦ .-:-,.
Protect Yourself Against Substitution
. By ALWAYS USING the "FULL NAME,"
I Codfish, QptM
Ian onion, TO
la fritter Jpi
B can be fried >*^Vv/!ra
«S£r JN
ODORLESS mk I
WflHDWffsJ
XmIsJ ** \ ]/ f\
E% take in the slightest \ I H
K «irop"<Jo«itg«ppctiz- flMKVsm- M
Owl Specials
i tor this weeK \^^
u .These prices are much Jower than -our regular cut %- ''¦¦' \
.w, prices, and are good for this week only. w\ •
S' Cooper's Olive Oil 90c ; Phenacetine Powder - $|.oo
\A\ Quart bottle best Call- Ounce box reenlar "
J, foraia olive oil — regular price $1.50. • "r "
P price $1.25. . .Antikamnla Tablets .$1.00
fij Woodbury's Facia! Soap 15c Eighty in box — regular j
• Regular prke 25c. '__P r i c c $1.50. ° '
\Lj French Castile Soap 3 1b. bar 20c Mcnnan's Talcum Powder and K
|i Regular price 25c. Lesley's Talcum Powder / f
WV Martin's Baltimore Rye 70c both together for 20c
16 \. A good whiskey. Reg- Regular price 35c. /, /
V\v\ ular price $1.00. Bicycle Playing Cards 2 for 25c nfn
wk Malt Nutrine 20c • Regular price 20c a pack all
-,wV\. Regular price 25c — spec- EspeVs Cream i5c ¦ j/lll
-.>xv4 . Open all the time— Night and Dar. ttf/Jf*'
V^ ' II2» M.rl^ St.. 5.« f'r.weu.. T f/USteamer Movements.
Xlne C3 arms and ammunition, 20 cs axle
grease, 7401 lbs 420 pkgs butter, 26 cr cabbage,
1524 lbs cheese, 1020 lbs chocolate, 332 cs canned
goods. 52.231 lbs dried fruit, 29 cs drugs, 8 cs
electrical supplies, 451 pkps fruit, 68 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 6C0 lbs hops. 9 pkgs
household goods, 17C3 ft lumber, 40 pkgp ma
chinery, 10 cs metal polish, 1800 lbs mlllstuffs,
ICC tins matches, 35,270 lbs malt, 60 bxs paste,
7 bbls paint, SO pkgs raisins, 302 pkgs vege
tcbles, 231 gals wine. 7 pkgs wagon material.
The Fantasl will load lumber at Hastings
Mills for Cork: the Serena Thayer, lumber at
Eureka for Hilo.
Cargo for British. Columbia.
The steamer Walla W alia sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a cargo valued at $13,SS3, includ
ing the following:
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
.The first of the fleet of ships to sail for
the salmon canneries left yesterday. Bris
tol Bay in Alaska is the point of destina
tion, and they were dispatched by the
Alaska Packers' Association. The ships
William H. Macy and America and the
bark "Will W. Case comprised the ad
vance guard. Others will depart later in
the week.
Salmon Fleet Departs.
Michael Qulnn, a drunken soldier, with
a big knife, started in early yesterday
morning to terrorize Spear street, be
tween Market and Mission, and for a time
succeeded. With one blow of his club Pa
trolman Henneberry knocked i . Quinn
"out," took a second knife away from
him and landed him in the City Prison on
a charge of disturbing the peace.
Soldier's Knife Comes Into Play.
The Thyra had a diversified cargo.
There were 512 tons of commissary sup
plies and " 108 tons of quartermaster's
stores, the rest of her cargo being made
up of fodder for the animals aboard, of
which 520 were Government horses and
24 officers' horses. Her passenger list
comprised one offlper and nfty-two men of
the Sixth Cavalry, one assistant and one
veterinary surgeon and ten civilian em
ployes.
Rush orders were Issued yesterday to
prepare the transport Thomas for de
parture on Saturday. It was originally
intended to send out the Warren, but the
immense amount of work required on the
vessel will preclude departure on the reg
ular schedule. No date has yet been fixed
for the Warren's next trip.
Movements of Transports.
On her arrival at the islands Miss
Stanchfield will become the bride of Cap
tain Icks. F. T. Yanes goes down to act
as a Government interpreter.
Lieutenant Colonel L. A. Malete of the Fif
teenth Infantry, Captain T. B. Murphy of the
Nineteenth Infantry, Captain A. W. Cowan,
E. M. Shinkle, W. R. Betterson, C. E. Brig
ham. Captain M. Lapierre, Captain C. Ander
son. F. T. Tanes. Mrs. Lapierre, Mrs. McCord.
Mrs. Anderson and child, Mrs. Yanes, Mrs.
R. B. Miller, Mrs. Atwell, Mrs. Jennings. Mrs.
Schellerberger, Mrs. Morrison, Captain Van
Tull, ' wife, child and governess, Mrs. Cum
mlngs and Miss Stanchfleld.
fleers and 570 enlisted men of the Thirtieth
Infantrj't - four assistant army surgeons,
twelve men of the Hospital Corps, nine
teen men of the Signal Corps, ninety-nine
casuals and recruits, two prisoners, fif
teen female and five male civilians and
three children.
Among the cabfci passengers were the
following named:
WHEN Miss Ruth Louise Wins
low, daughter of C. R. Wins
low, pressed the electric but
ton at the Union Iron Works
yesterday morning the North
Pacific Coast Railroad's magnificent new
feathering paddle-wheel ferryboat Tamal
pais glided gracefully from her cradle out
into the waters of the bay. The ceremony
of launching was accomplished without a
single mishap. As the last restraining
block was knocked frcm beneath the
boat's stern and she started down, the de
clivity, little Miss Marguerite Doe, the
adopted daughter of President J. B. Stet
son of the North Pacific Coast Railroad,
broke a bottle of champagne against her
bow and christened her Tamalpals. The
launching was witnessed by the officers
of the railroad and hundreds of visitors.
The new ferryboat, which will be used
to carry passengers between this city and
Sausalito, has been constructed on plans
similar to those upon which the Berkeley
•was built. The apartments for passen
pers are especially commodious and are
artistically ornamented with pictures of
vessels and nautical scenes. The seating
capacity is S20, while it is estimated that the
vessel can comfortably transport between
S000 and 4000 passengers. The crew's
berths, the bar and the restaurant are all
below the deck. The day for the trial
trip has not yet been set, but it is ex
pected that the Tamalpals will be ready
for her commission in about ten days,
when she will take the place of the San
Rafael on the Sausalito route. The San
Rafael will be held in reserve, to be used
in case of accident.
The new boat, it is expected, will have a
ppeed of fourteen knots. Her displace
ment is 14W tons, depth of hold, 16 feet 2
inches: depth, molded, 17 feet 2 inches;
breadth of overguards, 64 feet; breadth of
hull, 3S feet; length over all, 235 feet, and
length between perpendiculars, 223 feet.
DISCOVER MEASLES TN TTME.
Two Soldiers Afflicted With the 3>is
. eas» Delay Sailing. .
Another transport, the Ohio, left yester
day for the Philippines with nearly 750
passengers. She left the dock at 12:30, be
ing delayed a little over time by the dis
covery of two cases of measles among: the
soldiers. As soon as their malady was
diagnosed they were hustled out of the
steamer and placed under g^iard on the
Thomas. The Ohio carried away nine of-
TO ARRIVE,
TO SAIL.
TACOMA— Sailed April 16— Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco.
Sailed April 16— Stmr Mattea'wan, for San
Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in April 16— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro, for Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 15— Stmr Senator, for
San Francisco. . .
Arrived April 13— Stmr Shelikof, hence April
9, with stmr Uyak In tow.
Sailed April 16 — Stmrs Shelikof and Uyak, for
Nushagak.
EUREKA— Arrived April 16— U S L H stmr
Madrona. /
Sailed April 1C— Schr Bertha Dolbeer, for San
Dieeo; stmr Noyo, for San Francisco; - schr
Emma Claudina. for Honolulu. «**
ASTORIA— Sailed April 16— Swedish ship
TheFsalus, for Cape Town; Nor stmr Norman
Isles, for Japan; Br ship Kate Thomas, for
Queenstown.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April -16— Schr
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT— Sailed April 12— Schr Alvenia, for
POINT LOBOS. April 16, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr Anna, Captain Huhs, was totally
¦wrecked on March 3 by being driven on a reef
about 2 miles south of the company harbor,
Sanak Island, during a heavy gale and high
tide. The vessel was owned by the Alaska
Codfish Comuany and was loaded with 67 M
codfish.
DISASTER.
Per schr Czarina — Schr Czarina, previously
reported ashore on Sanak Island, arrived in
port April 1. Temporary repairs were made at
PavilofE, Sanak Island, after the schr was off,
and vessel arrived in fairly good condition.
Vessel went ashore on Dec 7, 1900, and was
launched again on March 18.
Per bktn J C Pflugei- — On April 11. lat 38 10
X, Ion 133 50 W, spoke four-masted Ger ship
Willie Rickmers, from Kobe, Japan, with noth
ing standing but fore lowermast. Under fore
sail and mainsail, fore staysail, main and
mizzen staysails and snanker. Dismasted in
lat 42 N. Ion 172 E, on the 7th of March. Re
quired no assistance. Sailing for San Fran
cisco. Wished to be reported.
MEMORANDUM.
March 9, lat 9 S, ion 30 W— Br ship John
Cooke. from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Apri! 13. 310 miles SW of Point Reyes— Ship
Geo Curtis and schr S T Alexander, in NW
gale. April 14, 154 miles SW of Point Reyes-
Bark Gerard C Tobey, hove to in NNW gale.
Tuesday, April 16.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen, — '-.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria, etc
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zoning-, Tacoma. %
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Bonita. Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, Coquille River.
Stmr Ohio, Bosrers, Manila.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa .Harbor.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, Seattle.
Nor stmr Thyra, Evardsen. Manila-
Ship. Standard, Getchell. Bristol Bay.
Ship Bohemia, Whaoman, Bristol Bay.
S:hr Newark, Beck, .
Ship Occidental, Watkins, Puget Sound.
Bark. Gatherer, Younggren, Tacoma.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Araero, Mclntosh. codnshlnsr.
Schr Jennie Grifnn. Campbell, Point Reyes.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April 16.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Nome City, Daniels, Seattle; E T
Kruse.
Ship Wm H Macy, Groth, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Ship America, Harding, Nushagak and'Bris
tol Bay; Pacific Steam Whaling Co.
Ship Occidental Watkins, Bristol Bay; North
Alaska Salmon Co.
Bark Will W Case, Anderson. Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Association.
Ger bark Marco Polo, Jertrum, Queens town;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Tuesday, April 16.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. 19 hours from E-areka.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 43 .hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Brunswick, Anderson, 4 days from San
Pedro.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, 36 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Bark Mauna Ala, Smith, 20 days from Hono
lulu.
Bark Agate, Bergman. 22 days from Eleele.
Bktn ¦ J C Pflusrer, Cameron, 61 days from
Newcastle, NSW. K
Bktn Jrmgaxd, Schmidt, 22 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Olga, Johnsen, 22 days from Mahukona.
Schr Ocean Spray, Larsen, 15 hours from
Iversens Landin™. ..
Schr Salvator. Rasmussen, 4 days from San
Pedro, in tow of stmr Brunswick.
Schr Czarina, Wallestedt, 15 days from Pirate
Cove,
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Branch Hydrographlc Offlce. IT. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
April 16, 190L
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. «., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
0 clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, TJ. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball'
<Jay in ths order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
NEW ORLEANS— Cleared April 16— Stmr Eu
ropean, with 1100 horses, for Cape Town.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 13— Stjnr Empress
of China, from Hongkong, for Vancouver.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed April lfr^-Stmr Graf
Waldersee, for New York.
Arrived April 15 — Stmr Tunisian, from Port
land. • . .
Sailed April 15— Stmr Sylvanla. for Boston.
BOULOGNE—^Arrived April 16— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam. !
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SWANSEA— Arrived April 14— Br shio Brit
ish Isles, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 14— Stmr City of
Peking, hence March 27.
Raiiprt April 12— Br stmr Empress of China,
for Vancouver. April 1— Ger ship Najade, for
Oregon.
HARWICH— Arrived April 15— Fr bark Tou
raine, hence Nov 1.
LE1TH— Arrived April 16— Br bark Conway,
from Oregon.
NAPLES— Arrived April 11— Br stmr Glen
turret, from Tacoma and Hongkong.
CORONELr— Arrived April 12— Br stmr Olive
Branch, from Liverpool. March 27— Br stmr
Robert Adamson, from Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed April 13— Bark
Chas B Kenney, for Honolulu.
SWANSEA- Arrived April 14— Br ship Brit
ish Isles, from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 15— Br ship
Port Caledonia, from Tacoma.
Sailed April 14— Br ship Deccan. for Ant
werp; Br ship. James Kerr, for London.
KOBE— Sailed March 31— Ger itmr Eva, for
Honskong-.
PANAMA— Sailed Feb 16— Br ship Thirmere,
for Oregon.
LONDON— In port April 4— Br Bhlp Garsdalr,
for Victoria.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Feb 15— Bark Caronde
let, for Port Townsend. March 5 — Br bark
Lota, for Port Townsend.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 13— Br ship Ven
tura, from Tacoma.
. HULI^— Arrived April 15— Nor stmr Hero,
hence Feb 1.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived. April 13 — Br ship Lou
don Hill, hence Nov 17.
HONGKONG— Sailed April 13— Br bark Ni
velle, for San Francisco. . • ¦
Lizzie Vance, hence April 2.
PORT BLAKELET- Arrived April 16— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro. ¦ ,
VENTURA— Arrived • Acril 16— Stmr Aber
deen, from 1 Eureka.
Arrived Anrll 16— Stmr Coquille River, from
Grays Harbor: stmr Geo Loomls, hence April
15. and sailed for San Francisco.
Sailed April 16 — Stmr Coquille River, for San
Francisco: stmr Aberdeen, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived April 16— Br stmr Mil
ton, from Nanalmo.
SAN PEDRO-Sailed Ar>ril 11— Schr W F
Jev.'ett, for. Port Townsend.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived ADril 16— Stmr Alll
anca, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
"When the jury took their seats in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday to try the case
of Soo Ho Mon and Ho Mon, charged with
murder, it was discovered that a diagram
of the scene of the murder, prepared by-
Corporal Russell of the- Police Depart
ment and admitted as evidence at the
former trial, could not be found. It had
been in the custody of "W. Jost. the former
clerk of the court, but he could not throw
any light on the subject of its disappear
ance. The Judge had to continue the case
till this afternoon, by which time Cor
poral Russell will have another diagram
ready.
One of the jurors examined was Samuel
E. Dutton, who was a juror in the Durr
rant case. When questioned he said he
was opposed to capital punishment and had
to be excused. After he left the jury box
he said he would never again sit as a
juror in a case where the death penalty
might be Imposed. I
Objects to Capital Punishment.
It was decided last evening that the es
cort should be purely a military one, com
posed of regular troops, volunteers re
turned from the Philippines and not yet
mustered out, and militia. There will bo
no civilians. General Warfield will be
grand marshal of the parade. The mil
itia will be under command of Colonel
Whitton of the Fifth Infantry. The regu
lars will be commanded by either General
Shatter or General Young.
The first meeting of the parade com'
mittee that has in charge the formation
of the escort that will accompany Presi
dent McKinley from the train to the
Scott residence on. Laguna and Sacra
mento streets met last evening in the
California Hotel. General Warfleld is
chairman and Colonel Fred Burgin is sec
retary.
pany McKinley to Scott Residence.
Purely Military Body Will Accom-
ESCORT OF SOLDIERS ONTTT.
Brewers' Protective Association, ! $500; Cali
fornia Cotton Mills. S25: The Vlavl Company,
$?S; Mahony Bros., $25; Thomas Day Company,
$20: Charles E. - Wilson, $10; Osmer & Co., $10;
Simpson & Fisher, $20; L. Foard. $20; Charles
R. Allen, $20; George Frltch, $10; Detzel &
Mingel, $10; E. A. Howard & Co., $5; James
W. Kinsman. $2; Martin Cibilich, $2 50; Hobbs,
Wall & Co., $20; Carl L. Schalitz Copper Works,
$5; J. Alexander, 25 cents; D. GhlrardelH &
Co., $23; Wetmoro Bros. & Co., $10; Mlnaker &
Welbauks, $10; A. Vlegnler. $10; M. Rosenshlne
& Bro., $10; N. Van Bergren & Co.. $10; Conrad!
& Goldberg, $10; Pascal, Dubedat & Co., »10;
Pacific Coast Syrup Company, $10; Blanchard &
Page, $10; Burnell & Co., $3; C. Nauman, $5;
Felix Coblentz & Co., $2 50; Castle Bros., $60;
Porter Bros. & Co., $50; Erlanger & Gallnger,
$10; McDonald & Runyon, $20; Garcia & Mag-
Kinnl, $10; J. F. Uhlrichs & Co., $10; A. Fai
lles, $5; L. Scatena & Co., $5; Webster &
Dunbar, $5; Wieland Bros., $5; Kaufman, Da
vidson & Co., $2 50: Morton Drayage and Ware
bouse Company, $100; McXab & Smith. $50:
Haslett "Warehouse Company, ! $50; Overland
Freight and Transfer S Company, $50; Farns
worth & Rugrgles, $30; Western Transfer Com
pany, $25; Stetson-Renner Drayage Company,
$25; G..W.Emmons Company, $25; Ayers & Co.,.
$25: Cutter & Co., $20; Raublnger- & Co., $20;
J. Gutte, $10; M. Doane. $10; C. B. Rode, $10;
C. A. Worth. $5; W. Pretzenacher, $5; J. H.
Farrlngton, $5; M. Davidson. $5; Wolf For
warding Company, $5; Dore & Co.,- $5. Total,
$6372 25. _
The business men of San Francisco are
subscribing liberally to the fund . to be
devoted to the reception to President Mc-
Kinley. More than $5000 has already been
subscribed, and the finance committee is
sanguine that within a few days the fund
will be twice that size. The following
additional subscriptions had been received
by the committee up to noon yesterday:
Subscriptions Continue to Pour "In
and. the Financiers Are Sanguine
That an Adequate Sum Will
.Be Forthcoming.
Fund for the Reception of
President McKinley
Increasing.
BUSINESS MEN
AID COMMITTEE
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High . and -Low
.Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
j Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both Places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tha tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
band ooiumn and the successive tides of. the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17, 1901.
Transport Ohio/Carries Battalion of Thirtieth Infantry, Be
sides Many Civilians and a Prospective Bride— First
of Fleet of Ships for Salmon Trade Leaves for the North
BAY FERRY STEAMER TAMALPAIS
LAUNCHED AT UNION IRON WORKS
FERRT-BOAT TAMALPAIS, LAUNCHED YESTEP.DAT AT THE TJNIOX IRON WORKS, AS SHE \nLL APPEAR
ON THE ROUTE BETWEEN THIS CITY AND SAUSAL.ITO. SHE HAS ALL THE LATEST IMPROVEMENTS
FOR SPEED AND FOR THE COMFORT OF PASSENGERS.
f
5
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Doric China and Japan JApr. 17
Corona Newport Apr. 17
L'matllla Puget Sound Ports |Apr. 17
K&nta Barbara. San Pedro iApr. IS
Acme San Pedro Apr. 18
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. IS
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 18
South Coast Humboldt Apr. IS
Mattewan ... Tacoma JApr. 18
Australia. Tahiti (Apr. 19
Frogreso Tacoma |Apr. 19
Argo Coqullle River |Apr. 19
Eureka Humboldt iApr. 19
San Pedro San Pedro Apr. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 20
Rainier Seattle & X. Whatcom Apr. 20
Hyades '..... Oyster Harbor Apr. 20
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 21
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 21
Bonlta Newport Apr. 21
Xsewburg Grays Harbor Apr. 21
Queen San Diego !Apr. 21
r-tty of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports JApr. 21
Tltanla Nanaimo' IApr. 22
Crescent City... Crescent City jApr. 22
Tanls Hamburg & Way Pts..lApr. 22
Colon I Panama & Way Ports. |Apr. 22
Steamer,
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
April 17. I
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 1 5 pm Pier 2
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Liirari Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April IS.
Arcata Coos Hay 12 in Pier 13
Santa Barb... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle Pier 2
G. W Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork... Humboldt ...• 9 am Pier 2
¦Acme Tillamook Bay |12 m| Pier 13
Ventura Sydney & Way PtsjlO amjPier 7
April 19. II
San Pedro.... Humboldt |10 amjPler 2
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
City of Para.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
April 2O.
Argo.. Coquille River 4 pm|Pler 2
Point Arena.. Poini; Arena 2 pmifler i
Jeanle 'Nome via Seattle.. 2pmOllW*k
Leelanaw N. Y.~ v. Panama. 2 pm Pier IB
April 21.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am I Pier 13
ITmatilla [Pugct Sound Ports. 11 amIPier 9
Santa Rosa...iSan Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 22.
Australia Tahiti direct i pm Pier 7
April 23.
Bonita. Newport ..I 9 am Pier 11
Rainier Seattle & X. "What. I Pier 2
Columbia i Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Sun rises 5:31
Sun sets 6:46
Moon rises , 4:30 a. m.
Time Time Time Time •
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L Wj H W L. W H W
ifH 3:59 0.2 10:34 "Ti 4:03 1.2 10:25 . 6.1
IS... 4:44—0.3 11:30 S.3 4:43 1.6 11:01 6.3
13 ... 5:31 —0.8 12:27 6.2 5:27 1.9 11:41 6.3
III ... 6:22— 0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12 2.2
HW| L \V| H W L W
M ... 0:27 €.3 7:13|— 0.9 2:21 5.0 7:03 2.6
12 ... 1:15 6.1 8:10—0.8 3:20 4.9 7:5S 2.9
3 ... 2:15 5.9 9:09;— 0.5 4:22 4.8 9:10 3.2
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Doric China and Japan JApr. 17
Corona Newport Apr. 17
L'matllla Puget Sound Ports |Apr. 17
K&nta Barbara. San Pedro iApr. IS
Acme San Pedro Apr. 18
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. IS
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 18
South Coast Humboldt Apr. IS
Mattewan ... Tacoma JApr. 18
Australia. Tahiti (Apr. 19
Frogreso Tacoma |Apr. 19
Argo Coqullle River |Apr. 19
Eureka Humboldt iApr. 19
San Pedro San Pedro Apr. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 20
Rainier Seattle & X. Whatcom Apr. 20
Hyades '..... Oyster Harbor Apr. 20
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 21
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 21
Bonlta Newport Apr. 21
Xsewburg Grays Harbor Apr. 21
Queen San Diego !Apr. 21
r-tty of Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports JApr. 21
Tltanla Nanaimo' IApr. 22
Crescent City... Crescent City jApr. 22
Tanls Hamburg & Way Pts..lApr. 22
Colon I Panama & Way Ports. |Apr. 22
Steamer,
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
April 17. I
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor 1 5 pm Pier 2
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Liirari Valparaiso & Way. 12 m S.W. 2
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April IS.
Arcata Coos Hay 12 in Pier 13
Santa Barb... Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Robt. Dollar.. Seattle Pier 2
G. W Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork... Humboldt ...• 9 am Pier 2
¦Acme Tillamook Bay |12 m| Pier 13
Ventura Sydney & Way PtsjlO amjPier 7
April 19. II
San Pedro.... Humboldt |10 amjPler 2
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
City of Para.. Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
April 2O.
Argo.. Coquille River 4 pm|Pler 2
Point Arena.. Poini; Arena 2 pmifler i
Jeanle 'Nome via Seattle.. 2pmOllW*k
Leelanaw N. Y.~ v. Panama. 2 pm Pier IB
April 21.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am I Pier 13
ITmatilla [Pugct Sound Ports. 11 amIPier 9
Santa Rosa...iSan Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 22.
Australia Tahiti direct i pm Pier 7
April 23.
Bonita. Newport ..I 9 am Pier 11
Rainier Seattle & X. "What. I Pier 2
Columbia i Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Sun rises 5:31
Sun sets 6:46
Moon rises , 4:30 a. m.
Time Time Time Time •
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L Wj H W L. W H W
ifH 3:59 0.2 10:34 "Ti 4:03 1.2 10:25 . 6.1
IS... 4:44—0.3 11:30 S.3 4:43 1.6 11:01 6.3
13 ... 5:31 —0.8 12:27 6.2 5:27 1.9 11:41 6.3
III ... 6:22— 0.9 1:24 5.1 6:12 2.2
HW| L \V| H W L W
M ... 0:27 €.3 7:13|— 0.9 2:21 5.0 7:03 2.6
12 ... 1:15 6.1 8:10—0.8 3:20 4.9 7:5S 2.9
3 ... 2:15 5.9 9:09;— 0.5 4:22 4.8 9:10 3.2
OCEAN TRAVEL.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca Lists Mallai
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
Jr H'TI CftV *¦ m 9W Battery Street.
• t- WILMin tt LU-. Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
r W CHIITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
I/- IT« ClMllllt ship -Work a Fpecialty. 16 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5641.
- FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAC RftVEC & C\\ Shipping Butchers. 104
JA5- DUltaal/U- Clay: Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
41S Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
. PRINTINO.
E. Qn HUGHES. 511 Sanfo^lu' S. F.
THE EMPORIUM. ' | : THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. %
$ El Beltnont ffBBE |FSiSB&$fl)IQ^!ii IIU! Jacks ? n Square |
k* The a for 25c Reina Victoria size, SBP^ " Skl%<! -^M^ 8 y Pw O'd standard 5c brand, on special, sale X
tf ill this, week, P Oold^liRl&lGftazaAr* *** all this weelc, J>
X 3 fOr 25 Cm CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE. 3 for 25 C* S
I Mmm& €IotSiing,Fomis!ii!i^Ifata |
tf / » ' / \ Monday and Tuesday, the two largest days' business this year in the Men's £
ff.y • 1 Jn\\^// Departments. If we have your s'zes in these assortments of broken lots it is jg
j£ / jjj 1 1 Mm^f\ J ust c finding money to buy your summer supplies now. The clothing is in the •?
S°/^ • / \'/ I gSf&zrWL vcr y * atC5t s P" n S £t^ e anc * s P" n § patterns; you can get a $4.00 ha: for $2.88 if X
JJ°V aT I flffiMiiw wc h avc > f ° ur " ZC J colored shirts at 4;c*each; three pairs of good hose for jj
*£ 1 1 %mrJ \S l^illlr 2 5 C » Ztl^ a unc^ re(^ other similar bargains. •*
Si // \ -I I \^^ ered, \vi:h belts of sucfc or pitc.it leather; Men's Japanot Handkerchiefs, with woven Jf
h \epr W <jLj>*J j : z:s for agis 2^2 to 6 } cars, regularly $ 10; silk initial "Jq «J
I T J$r WW^^^W*™ 22o £
«? \ ( I popuhr military Boys - £ 6 .oo three-piece Suits, sixes f«as« 10 5°° 5f r d 75£ D, Joiny^e Scarfs. . . . . 22p \ %
tf I t*| cut; the matrrVi to 16; special this week. $3.48 8pCC f S
$ \ / all-wool Cheviots, Boys' $10.00 long pants Suits, tbu w«k. .... JJ" 1 . 8 * r -°° n . derw " r T ' ] mom 0 i
J \ ' Cassimeres a-.d «e go Men s 50c Ba brjggan Underwear 39O 'Z
¦* Worsted, in tbe Boys'" ' Walits-Brokw' ioti'of ' «'Sar"" and M«'s Ji.^.Fannelette Pajama, 72O X
If newstripe and over- ?« Popular" Waist for boys 7 *> 13 T^ars, JJ"' 50C £"7.^ *£*"$??' 'Y'%L° 5
if- p'aid efibctsj a'so Oxford Gray Vicunas; ~ reguhry 75c and 95c; this week. . ..42© »* 5= Cambric Handkerchiefs, 3 for 25© J
jf regularly $1 5. co; on special JM.KZ Boys* 50c Un'aundered Shirt?, sizes 13 */. and Mon'S Stiff anti F O Cf O *• a X
» sa'e this week jJ?OFa^rO I4 . on i 7 2BO Hai9 that were $3.35, $3.45 and f4.oo, X
$ Men's *i 7 .5o and *so.oo Suits; this week.. Men's I1.50 Crepe Golf Shirts, 15^ to 17 in browns and black; special tf^ Qf> &
ft ...$11.45 only. 72O tiu * week ¦ &d£mOO %
*{ Men's $17. 50* fine Top Coats, now. $11,4-5 Mrn's 50c Working Shirts, this week. .30 O Men's Stiff anti Fotiona -J
J» Boys' Russian Blouse Suits— Made of fine Men's and Boys' 75c Go'f Shirts 47C Hats that were J2.35 and $2.45, in £
5* English Sergs and Velvet; red, blue, brown, Men's |i.oo Muslin Night Shirts, 15 to 18 browns, pearls, contrasts and •*
>* tan, etc. ; handsomely trimmed and emSroid- on^y 57 O black, this week *$¥» O 3 x
I 50c Veilings #4c. Ruchlngs, 1 Off. Millinery Novelties, $10. I
» „ .. 1 • •• 1 We are ready to- 5
X Nearly 4000 yards in tnis lot; com- We bevflht at haU price a larie lot of day with the nic- " x
* prising 18 styles of all-silk Tuxedo Vci'- Taffeta Silk Skirt Ruflin2s ia colors, nar- est, prettiest, best £3&m *
ings, both in plain and fancy m-sh ; s, includ- row satin jubj- Ruchingj, Moussdine de Soies quality, best and ¦Je^$S%Sfr& '5
Jf ing various Hzed silks Chemlle spo'.s, the and Liberty You wffl find Jn , ot m^ t T^_ tJ&&D§£&&& v l
* co'ors b:ack, white, ma gpl r, roya, gray, quite , number of b , acks> bat no crcarn or mcd Hlt f<jr fo %
Jf brown and navy. --^iCN^ white— every other desirabk coloring, such a ( tba: we have yet •*
tf Thi S lotwasal!that^^^)V, pink, blue, etc., is represented. On special shown; only W 8 *. jf '$
J was left of a job- f££^=56Cj/L sale to-dav, Wtdnesd*y only, at half enough for to- ' S
t and" oc 5C 'r 3 a 5 r a Off mar icoei DflCaSm day and to-mor- '*
J£ novelty veiiings for \E£&£i*&g3KBJffl -^ v "^^^k X
S'w?SokT e »J« ' Special Sale $10. %
Thrice wblcV 1 en- fe^f : MISSCS' SltOSSm $3.50 Panama Straw Hats, $2.75 — A x
it aWes us to offer A^^ T , i . f ... , , , very fine Panama Straw Walking Hat, w.th »2
fC themtoyouto^ay ~~^ Large lot of Misses and Children S changeable silk drape bandj, regularly | 3 . 5 o; *
(Wednesday) onlv: p;r yard 14-C ¦ , Shoes; lace or bn ton; to-day only £>*% f g *
5" v — Lll — i V •••*-'«' cloth or kid top, medium coin *&&* M 4& 5
*. &KtrtGi* W£3iStS? etCm / \v/»7 dosed out to-day only at a big thosc mo ' c &** aceUent values and prett/ &
5> «tfi en Silt KIrh4 / V?f reduction from rtgu- st y Ies that we had Uit weck » with «»ny ncw J-
iffifi\ ¦ 5Klrt, / Vfe. lar prices- ideas, in children's very fflj J'
*" l/lllIlK $^*00 — Like picture, r- V^V M?«'«' c ;,« P rct % trimmed Hats... *p%*m%E%J $
ft '/////]/ Wack, all-«lk taffeta, body ,*!X. . ., ¦ „ ., t J ft
I I k StSSS^T S^gS^S Dotted Swiss, Sc. %
i Wl l^aO^TcHhy (Wednesday) only, iooo yards j:
£ J! fl \ ruching has the fu'l to-day .. iF^^r of figured and dctted Swi<s, 36 inches wide, £
If /ill rill I fe\ fashionable Children's szes just thi thing fcr sash cuitoins and cottage S
K Ml \\WlW\ flarr » » wel1 8^ t0 "5 widt ' S B " dC O9^k «««P«5«i regular ,*#c y^iity; Q
K '^UlUfflwX. - made, fine only, legu^ly f i.* 3 , to^ay... i/3C P«^ &** g
J* jQSh^^^k^^ hanging and • -» : Z~ ~ _ J>
5 C d with . Special Safe %
I jg- Furniture anti . roiietsoap. $
I Carpet Sales
•^ « 1 «.,..« « ' w 1 r I , i« <•• m ,** r Imported Viokt Soap; made by Eg«:e. Paris, 5
* $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 New Waists, 79c— iQm§J^\i ®lfij§\fm at hss tfcan haU " ordinar^ f- c '~ lt » * S
tf Assor'e j lot of white, grass lawn and Cham- *** *& good-s'z:d cake; hard mill; a fine violet cdor .V
t£ bray embroidered Shirt Wais's, all sizes, rrg- ; ,.jfe- an<^ P'^atly aged, which adds to its quality •"
& uV.yjl.oo, fl.15 and $1.50; -WQ SM?>^^^^^V^ q fg^^^gj * If bought in the regu"- "5
5 to-dav only 3 %9%* fif/l&MZr^ lar wa^ would havc
$1.00 Wrappers, 69c— New • Percale Sg^^gj^BB^' wWWM feP^^^%\ tobc soId fcr 35=
6 Wrappers, in meJium dark colors, smal fig- rgv^r^d. 'Z^^^ f N^ A^i box cf 3 cakes; w; J
X ures, lined waists, flounced ani tr'mmed with ! jgg==li^>J^qgftSg [^¦"""'"•4^M offir thls g^d; jt
K black and white traid; regular v Jl.co; 1-^^^- #As*=sHg f^g>^^/ ' ¦ ¦ "npoi ted soap, Wed- X
I tc-dav and to mirrow only, fe& ' s-^qV 'JS °i h "2* aSt0IUsilnS ' y low S
I r,. rt ««K» c^in l^^^y^^^'^^^Mf Playing Gar ds, 1Oc\
J Grocery OalC To-day(Wcdn2sday)onl y> looopacks £
jf Half a doztn attractive special offer- 1^^^^^ pHpS ?^^ S5gf of the ce'ebrated Emporium P'.ying Cards,
j^ ings for, this day only. Jl— #*^JJ "^ ** as fine a cari in every respect as any 35c card jf
V Babbitt's Best S cap — To-day.. 12 b rs 50 c Bl) .¦ ,' on the market; spedal price for '"9 (T& *% X
K New Prunes— Best qaaLty 10 lbs 25c one day, per pack M%J%0t£
S» Pink Beam— Re ? uUrly 3 c lb. .. .10 lbs 25c This Golden Oak Bedroom Suite, con- 5
g Coffee-B,st Java and Mccha, q^ d ti ng o f Bed, Bureau' ani Wasfctand, SMM Lining, 12Cm V
g regu'ar y 3 cc ib; to_day on y . ... *&*, swe x front hu { wn ]^ ei wit h han<fsom= To-day ( Wednesday) only, iooo yards J
I Manilla O,ves-Rrgu<ar.y a 5 = V^£ French p'ate minor, 3 ? x, 4 inches in size, ° rf J c^ eiS g [/ning:, 34 mche/wide, |
si^SSMI^ zr^^v^f^xn i^^-f^^t 1^!
» to-day 7 for 25C | 3O .oo; special to- &*>* effxts , shad i n g ; special -^_ X
? Liquor Sale. daycnly 9£B'£O JZo J
I ch^pionB^dwhi^-Fuii bodied Sale Pictures I
J goods; agreatfavonte with our tr-de: special j & R ' &€MB& STS^UU **&&. J
*, to-day oniv, per gallon. $2 40 onl ' &&Q Bcautmil Oleographs— 1 3x20 inches in v
X Imported VcrmOUth— French or Italian, ' -_„. £££ r- J *" c . mounted on handsome 3 -inch green £
J the genuin-, to dav; per bott'e 52C Tapcslry ErVSSCls Carpets — Good, mount> „ as3Cr:mcnt of nhje J y Mubtefor §
i Pabst Best Malt ToniC — Regularly br 'g ht » chee ' ful parernsj speca' JBfhfi par'or cr dining-room, regularly 35c m - V
$ $2.50 a dozen; to-day only $2.25 to-day orJy, per yarJ *?(!#€* rach; on special sale to^lay only, ... 19C *
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. "
23 First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
306 itrie 0^ PARTRIDGE Te <&S. pMn
Pacific . Coast .Steamship Co.
fel NOME
*^^*^l GOLDFIELDS.
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the company* ¦ new
and splendid
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing atl her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay;
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALLs PERKINS & CO.. Gen.: Agts.. •
.... , 10 Market street
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
(» • Steamers \ leave Broadway
Hk^ wharf. San Francisco:
ilSshiii; For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
8 iSFraStSv April 11, 16, 21. 26. May 1.
II tflKWjjA^a^ Change to company's steam-
fl fSvrairaxa ers at Seattle -
\i 1«A?4» \ftl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
flWCSffW C.). Port Townsend, Seattle.
ll^^"*^3ISn Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
»- and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
**• 11 a. m.. April 11. 16. 21. 28.
May I, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April
13. 18. 23. 23. May 3. and every fifth day there-
after. „
For, San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara! Port Los Angeles «nd Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucoi. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro fLos Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. : steamer Bo-
nita, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE — i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PEBKTNS & CO.. Gen. A«rt»..
10 Market Ft.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RS-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to & week; JS to 120 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room : flre grates in every
room: elevator runs all night. -
From N«w York . Every Wednesday. . 12 noon.
Kensington ....April 24 Southwark ;..".. .May 15
Zeeland May 1 Vaderland- May 23
Friesland May 8 Kensington ..V.. May 29
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
. CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE. /
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
- From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis April 24|St. Louis.... May 13
New York May l|New York May a
St. Paul May 8' St. Paul Mara
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOBS. SOCTHAJIPTO*. L03D0S. PABIS.
B. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery St.
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
FS. COLUMBIA. Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS GEO. W. ELDTCR.Sails Apr.8. 18, JS. May 3
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Shcrt Rail Line i rent Portland to alt
points East. Through t'ekets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
Only Steamship Line to
O. R. & N. CO,
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS TVILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S3. NIPPON* MARU :.. Friday, May 3. 1901
SS AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, May 29. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday. June 22,1501
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at. company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OCEAN TRAVEL
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. 318 California strett. -
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents^
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA OE VAPO«5ES
To Valparaiso, stopping: at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Section 2.
Seawall. 12 m.
LIMARI Apr. lTj GUATEMALA .May IS
PERU , MayljPALENA May 30
From Harrison-st. "Wharf, 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger offlce, 330 Market st.
F. F. COXNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
S. 8. Leelnnaw sails Saturday, April 2O
8. 6. Argyll sails Monday, May 6
S. S. sails Monday, May 20
Cabin, 9105; Steerage. 940.
PANAMA R. USS"" 1 "
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
COMPAONIE GEKEHALE TBANSATLANTItJUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . .j^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead or <gS ?T?5i
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, T * 1 *U*J»
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre, »45 and upward. GENERAL. AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. .33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New-
Zealand and Australia..;
Thursday. April 18, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
:. .About April 22, 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only) ...
• • '..' Saturday, April 27, 2 p. vci.
I D. SPBECKELS k BROS. CO., Bineral Agents. 327 Market St
W\ Passenger Office, 643 Hartet St., Phr Ho. 7, Pacith St
A/ftaanf P <T Q. PA " AWA "' 8XU0A> Nen
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON"., TUES.. "WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. in.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night): Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30 Sunday •»
10-30 a. in., 8 p. m. Landing and offlce,' Mis*
Bioa-«t. Dock; Pier No. S. Telephone Mala 1503.
BAY AND BTVER STRATVTR-Rg
SpTuTsThay^ yard and yallejo.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3*1 pi
j£g For fifty years Schlitz LY
ef|V* beer has been brewed at Eft*^
j^i Milwaukee. From this p*3
/{V city it goes to the remotest KCp
iXi parts of the earth. The EJL
sun never sets on Schlitz p^
'Si^ei, agencies. Civilized men p3pg
3£ljS do not live where Schlitz £j|k
S^ beer is not standard. L^.
lijU Schlitz beer has made b"^
*L Milwaukee famous. It has |||3
vUl 2' ven Milwaukee beer the gU/J
j?«ii distinction of purity, and teftg
*<£ purity is everything, but Ws$
,l all Milwaukee beer is not |raj|
&J> Schlitz beer. People now Kj^
demand a beer that is Icgg
25~ healthful, and that demand | CJ-
,U calls for Schlitz. Ey|
L# Schlitz purity is abso- R|/
$£2h lute. Every process is |j|^
&?f: cleanly. Every drop of k^
/L.i the product is cooled in §>*•(
Z&Q filtered air. Every barrel ***!£
j^ is filtered — every bottle pi
£j*£ is sterilized. v|p
y,\j& A beer that is aged and
J I (g ° fly
pure is healthful. That
£^£ 5s Schlitz. w|
rfa 'Phone Main «7. Sherwood & Sher- g#3
5^|Ni5 wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco |hm
World Famous Marian! Tonic
A MILD STIMULANT
that produces beneficial effects^
during the past thirty - eight
years.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
Bf We furnish complete _^J§|||gg|L
M'll homes, flats, rooming- "^^^^^^^^
ffilm houses and hotels from a i^^^^^^g l|
'^W^h^T everything new in carpets, .^^^^^^^;^
ft^sllNrar curtains, furniture and j^V^^S^^ /ij[>
SBiir draperies. Let us make SPECIAL _ Fine elm
'¦**jp^| an estimate before you -
buv,
SPECIAL — Solid oak. J *i % ' : .", •— -. J B -J
£nd ra F C^nch lth pi b a°te Credit if you .wish ?nd pgipi
, mI "? r —--* 0 ' 50 goods delivered free with- ¦ \\ \\\| // If
Ol^ * n I0 ° m^ es °f San Fran- -I ' 111 || I
Yi V\ ¦fl* . Minis i i ¦ El "BF Pi^-* L "-»
Mml. BRILLIANT PH
Furniture Co., _»J. >Ty
S P E C I AI> - Willow "3 8-342 POSt btt SPECIAL _ , Solid oak
>iahv rnelcer " SI J2K - - chair. . with brace >
hahv r nC ker....W^6 OddosUs Union Square. arms ...85oIt is well known to all Americans that our troops
took '"no part in the looting of China, and now the
British, German, French and Japs 'deny that their
troops had any hand in it. Evidently it was the car.
The Louisville boy-husband who killed his girl-wife
the other' day after reading "Bluebeard" probably
saved the unfortunate woman from a great deal of
unnecessary torture later in life.
Bryan has a right to call his weekly whatever he
chooses, but the "Commoner" is not a goodtitle for
jit!' He "should have called it the "Anti-Reorganizer."
The latest New York novelty is the organization of
a great combination of dry goods jobbers for the
purpose of preventing the manufacturer from dealing
tiirectly with the rctaikr. So- trust meets trust and
there is trouble ahead for those who have no trust.
Tom L. Johnson, the nearly elected Mayor of Cleve
land, is said to have ona eye on a seat in the United
States Senate and the ether on the Governorship, 50
it would seem he will have to go it blind so far as the
cil3 - is concerned.
The 14-year-old Chicago boy who killed himself the
c^her day because he had not the financial means witii
vhich to continue his studies certainly took a short
cut for zt least one kind of learning.
It is announced by the Washington Post that all
white tents now in use by the United States army nre
to be called in and khaki tents substituted in place
of them. The modern gun has become so far-reaching
with it's projectiles and modern gunners so accurate-in
aim it is unsafe for an army to give an enemy any kind
of a target. Hereafter the name of the color of a
"tented field" r.ill be mud. > If.
That Bryari fully understands the situation is made
evident by his comments in the last number of, the
Fleming has no such far-reaching policy. He has
no other object than that of Democratic success, and
he advocates reorganization only because success can
riot be attained unless the Democratic party can win
back the favor of -those whom it alienated by the
Chicago platform. In a recent statement on the
subject he said: "The rock upon which Democracy
split in twain in the last two campaigns was the free
coinage of silver. Thai obstacle ought no longer to
impede our progress or divide our forces. * * *
Unless present conditions ; undergo, a radical change
the question of the free coinage -of silver at 16 to 1
will not be a practical, living issue in the next cam
paign."
It will be seen Mr. Fleming believes he can reor
ganize and reinvigoratc Democracy by the simple act
of dismissing the silver question from the domain, of
politics. If that be all that is accomplished, how
ever, his reorganization will -not amount to much.
Bryanism means mo --e evils than free silver. The
Chicago platform, striking at the courts as well as at
the finances of. the nation, is a menace to almost the
whole fabric of society. Consequently if reorganiza
tion is to be the means of bringing back conserva
tive voters to the Democratic fold it must get rid not
enly of the silver <yaze but all that is expressed by the
word "Brvanism." including Bryan himself.
McLaurin thus far has not given out any definite
programme, of action. He is employing himself for
the present in preaching discontent against Bourbon
ism and all of its dogmas, from free trade to free sil
ver. He is appealing to the growing industrial spirit
ct the South and asking progressive and enterprising
myi to unite for the purpose of putting an end to the
ceaseless Southern agitation against protection and
sound money.
DEMOCRATIC REORGANIZATION.
BY way of employing the leisure of the season
several prominent Democrats in the Southern
States have "started movements"* toward the
reorganization of the Democratic party. The most
notable among them are Senator McLaurin of South
Carolina and Congressman Fleming of Georgia.
The first is a Democrat of such liberal tendencies that
he found it necessary for his peace of mind to have
his name removed/from the roll of the Democratic
caucus of the United States Senate, while the other
has been a IJryanite and is still a stalwart. So the
movement comes from both ends of the party and has
therefore features of general interest.
The people of Siberia are said to be suffering from
famine, but the Government is using^the cars of the
Siberian railway to ship men and military stores to
Manchuria, so there is no means of sending food tc
the sufferers. By and bv Americans will be asked to
contribute to the support of the Siberians, and when
the contributions are received the good Czar will give
us his imperial thanks. _
SACRAMENTO VALLEY— R., City. Thd
highest record of temperature in the
past twenty-one years in the Sacramento
Valley is 108, the lowest 19.
NUNS— S., City. There Is no order of
nuns in California at this time, the mem
bers of which are not permitted to leave
the walls of the convent in which they are
dwelling.
THE FIRST EXPEDITION— G. S., City.
The ships in the first expedition that left
San Francisco with troops for the Philip
pines were the City of Peking, Australia
and City of Sydney. They sailed May 2T».
1S9S, carrying the First California. First
Oregon, six cpmpanies of the Fourteenth
Infantry (regulars) and two detachments
of heavy artillery^
FAMINE IN INDIA— H. A. W.. Oak
land. If you desire to be Informed as to
the amount contributed by each countrv.
England included, to the famine fund of
India, you should write a letter of in
quiry to the Viceroy and Governor Gen
eral of British India, the Rt. Hon. L,o:-rl
Curzon of Kedleston, G. M. S. L., G. M.
I. E.
CALIFORNIA'S REPRESENTATIVES
— C. C. H.. Ingomar, Cal. F. L. Coomb*
of Napa, .Samuel D. Woods of Stockton.
V. H. Metcalf of Oakland. Julius Kahn
of San Francisco, Eugene F. Loud of San
Francisco, James McLachlan of Pasa
dena and James C. Needham of Modesto
are the Representatives from California
to Congress. :,--"¦. ? ;.
GYPSUM— T. R. J.. Martinez. Cal.
Gypsum is often found in nests or kidney
snaped masses in clay or marl. It Is used
to make plaster of paris. also for fertilla
ing, being excellent In some soils, but
detrimental In others. It Is also used on
the young plants of the cucumber am
squash, serving the double purpose 0
fertillxer and of protection against tno
ravages of insects.
OIL OUT OF PAPER-R. T., City. The
following are given as methods for re
moving oil stain from paper: Apply pipe
clay 'powdered, mixed with water to the
consistency of cream. Leave on for four
hours. This. It Is said, will not Injure the
best color. Press powdered Fuller's earth
liarhtly upon the spot and allow it to soak
out the oil. Wash lightly with ether, chlo
roform or benxine, then place between
two sheets of blotting paper and apply a
hot Iron.
A BILLION— F. A. C, City. In English
notation a billion Is a million of millions,
or 1,000,000,000,000. In French notation It la
a thousand millions, or 1,000.000.00). The
California series, advanced arithmetic,
gives the following example for reading
numbers or numeration:
124,730,218,693,013,973,210,453.
Which reads one hundred and twenty
four sextilllons, seven hundred and thirty
quintillions, two hundred and eighteen
quadrillions, six hundred and ninety-three
trillions, thirteen billions, nine hundred
and seventy-eight mJHions, two hundred
and ten thousand four hundred and fifty
three. >
PRINCE OF MASSERANO— S., City.
Prince Carlo Ferrero-Fieschi Masserano,
mentioned In Mark Twain's "Innocents
Abroad," and whose remains are at rest
in the Pere la Chaise Cemetery, was a
Spanish diplomat, who died in Paris.
France, in 1831. Le Grand rrtctionaire
says of him: "He was a captain of the
corps of the Flemish Guard, when in 1805
he wa3 named Embaasador to Paris by
Carlos IV. Three years later this ap
pointment was confirmed by Ferdinand
VII, but politicial complications did. not
permit of the acceptance of his creden
tials. After the forced abdication of his
sovereign, he felt constrained to live in
Paris, under police surveillance. In 1S09
he was appointed grand master of cere
monies to Joseph Napoleon, who became
King of Spain. He accepted the position
In order to save his fortune and estate,
but he continued to reside in Paris with
his family and ended his days there."
¦ • ¦ -
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Patience— Is your preacher sensational?
Patrice — I should say so! "Why, he
preached a sermon last Sunday and he
took for his subject. "It's Hard to Keep a
Good Man Down."
"Well?"
"Oh, it was all about Jonah and the
whale."— Yonkers Statesman.
"Is he so very unpopular?"
"Unpopular!" echoed Mr. Knoxwell.
¦ "Why, I' have known him to tell a dozen
people he has had his photograph taken,
and not one out of a dozen said 'they
really must have a copy.' When a man
1 can't give his picture away, what chance
is there for him?"— Washington Star.
He— Do you think you really wanted a
new dress now?
She — You don't know anything about it.
I wish 1 had known before I married you
what a stupid you are.
He — You might have guessed it easily,
when I offered to marry you.— Pick-Me-
Up.
"For a blush to follow a youth's print
ing a kisa on his beat girl's cheek is very
natural." : • -r
"Nothing more so."
"Certainly. After the printing it's easy
to be red in the face."— Philadelphia
Times. -
It Is not uncommon for the first wife
to hear of "my mother's cooking," nor
for the second wife to learn that her
predecessor had all the excellent traits
of Solomon's virtuous woman.
The lecturer Inquired, dramatically,
"Can any one in thla room tell me of a
perfect man.?"
There was a dead silence.
"Ha3 any one," he continued, "heard of
a perfect wdman?"
Then a patient looking little woman In
a black dress rose up at the back of the
room and answered:
"There was one. I've often' heard of
her, but she's dead now. She was my
husband's first wife."— Youth's Home
Companion.
The plan would result in many benefits. It would
provide a means of putting money into circulation
through the banks of tbe large cities without showing
any favoritism, the distribution .would be general, and
there would be a considerable revenue to the Govern
ment from the interest on the deposits. There never
v.as a time when some improvement of the sort was
more needed than now, for at present the amount "of
money in the treasury is exceptionally large. The
subject is one that might well engage the attention of
business associations during the holidays so that when
Congress meets next rail there will be a resolute pub
lic sentiment to support the Secretary of the Treasury
in getting the law amended so that his plan may be
carried ot.t. ....
Secretary Gage has been among the foremost advo
cates of a better system. According to a recent sum
mary his plan is to deposit the money with the na
tional banks of all the larger cities of the country,
the banks to pay 2 per cent interest on the deposits.
The plan provides for to dividing the deposits as to
give each city a share in proportion to the ratio of its
reserves to the total reserves of the system, each bank
:n these cities to be given deposits on a correspond
ing basis. The Government's lien is to be first on ih»
assets of each depository bank. The Secretary has
made a careful computation which shows that had this
plan been adopted thirty-six years ago there would
not have been a single dollar lost to the Government,
but, in fact, it would have made a profit of $32,000,000.
It is to the credit of cur national officials of both
parties that despite all sllegations of favoritism and
the investigations that have frequently been made con
cerning them there has never been a scandal devel
oped out of them. No official has ever been fonnd
guilty of making a profit out of the immense deposits
which the Secretary of the Treasury has the authority
to place in such banks as he chooses. That fact, how
ever, does not dispel the objections to the system,
and it is therefore gratifying that at the next session of
Congress an effort will be made to so amend the law
as to admit of a better system of getting money out
of the treasury into circulation.
THE TREASURY AND THE BANKS.
AT nearly all times the United States has in its
treasury a much larger sum of money than
there is any need for. It has been the custom
to distribute the surplus among the banks do that it
can get into circulation, prevent a monetary strin-
C^ncy and serve the people in the channels of trade.
That custom has never been satisfactory. It has in
v-iiiably given rise to charges of favoritism. When
Cleveland was in office l.is administration was chkrged
vith placing public funds in the hands of Democratic
bankers, and all Republican administrations have had
to meet similar charges of favoritism shown to Re
publican banks.
Any colored man who will"' follow^ those rules will
have no need of emigrating to Liberia or anywhere
else. With all it? faults America is still the best land
on earth for any man with thrift, energy and honesty.
The' colored man is an American citizen;, he is here
to stay, and should direct his thoughts and his efforts
toward improving his condition here and not else
where. ;V"
That some of them should have thought to find es
cape by emigration is not unnatural. .Fortunately
there are among them many leaders who have wiser
plans than that of the Atlanta organization. The
teachings and influence of Booker Washington have
borne fruit all over the South'. Not long ago a •com
mittee of colored men in New Orleans appointed, to
devise means for advancing the welfare of their race
reported a programme of action embodied in the fol
lowing rules: .
Fight the dives and dens and begin the fight for the
negro's moral elevation around the negro's own hearth
stone.
Help the authorities to sustain and enforce the laws
of the city and aid in the detection of crime and the pun
ishment of criminals.
Respect the lav/ and the officers of the, law, and quit
shielding negroes who are guilty of criminal offenses.
If an officer attempts to make an arrest, do not resist
or in any ; way interfere with him.
Stop looking upon a policeman as a common enemy.
Quit loafing around the'eorners.
Go to work for a living. -;;;••;'''
From the promptings of that restlessness there will
of course come a struggle that will carry them up
ward and onward. All the great movements^ of hu
manity have been due to discontent^' and the more
restless^ the colored people of the South become the
more earnest will be their efforts to improve .their
conditions.
The chief interest in the incident lies in the signifi
cant light it throws upon the situation in the South.
The members of the Atlanta organization have no
complaints of poverty or of specific acts of ill treat
ment.- They are doing well in a material sense", are
steadily employed, are earning money, and, as ihe.
committee put it, "are making a living." (Their, de
sire to leave the country is due solely to an ambition
for something more than meat and drink and rai
n<ent. They long for a chance to raise their families
better, for a place where they can be free from race
prejudice, and where they are not subject 'to daily in
tercourse with a dominant society that looks down
upon them.
When properly considered it will be seen that ths
scheme of the Atlanta negroes, however impracticable
in itself, is* an encouraging sign. It is an evidence
that among the colored people there has been awak
ened an aspiration for a full and genuine freedom.
It is not now with them a mere question of running
for office, but of advancing themselves socially. They
have become restless under the existing order of
things, and, perceiving no way to better their condi
tion in any part of this country, are seeking to es
cape to another.
The scheme of the committee is of course an im
practicable one. Neither. Georgia nor any other State
in the Union has any money to promote the whole 1
sale emigration of any class of its population. Nor is
the scheme one that is likely to appeal to the public
at large and bring about any considerable contribu
tion of funds to aid the promoters in carrying it out.
It is doomed to failure.
Kliza Nunnally was the spokesman of the party and
she told the Governor all about the situation. There
were 500 or more negroes in Atlanta, she asserted, who
were anxious to go to Liberia, and these had appointed
the committee to see the Governor and ascertain what
could be done about it.- They had no special grievance,
she said, but they felt that It would never be possible for
the negroes to get-along well with the whites, and that
they could not raise their families as well here as If they
were separate and ,to themselves. They admitted that
they were making a living and gave no other reason for
their desire to go to Liberia. Eliza stated that about all
of the 500 negroes were middle-aged and had families,
and that none of them were young negroes.
pZJ IVE'HUNDRED negroes living in Atlanta are
I . • eager to emigrate to Liberia, according to a re
port of the Atlanta Constitution. Our contem
porary states that a committee of colored people re
contly called upon the Governor and presented to him
a communication from their organization giving their
names and stating that 500 of them wish to go to
Liberia. They asked the Governor for advice and
for State aid.
In narrating the conference between the Governor
and the committee the Constitution says:
TriE NEGRO PROBLEM 0GAIN.
.
The story that Rudyard Kipling has bought a site
on which to build a residence in Connecticut has been
denied by the Springfield Republican. The man who |
bought the lot happens to be the man who is residing
in the house that Kipling once occupied, and that is ¦
the. origin of the story. It will be seen that yarns from
New England are not much more reliable than those
from the Philippines.
inese programmes maicaie uuc v»"j •—-
timidity with which women began intel
lectual association with one another, put
they are a simple confession that the
average woman joining the club felt tnai
she had no resources, no accumulated in
formation out of which a paper might oe
written or with which an impersonal con
versation might be garnished and sus
tained. One good, result of the club is
that It has sent women to the worm s
literature and has given them a purpose
in serious reading. It has also given them
opportunities for expression. It was a
rare woman who in the early club days
expressed her own ideas; not because it
was so rare that a woman had Ideas, but
In the ordinary relations of life such ideas
as she had upon any' but domestic sub
jects were carefully concealed. It was an
unwritten law that domestic harmony
and social courtesy demanded this.
Benefits of a Broader View.
One of the greatest advantages of the
club is that it has given women a new
opportunity to study human nature, the
Opportunity growing larger and more
varied as experience in club Hie ha3 led
women to be more natural and more spon
taneous in their discussions. The serious
reading and study induced by club mem
bership In no small measure has supple
mented early education* Club programmes
have become the but! of the "smart"
Journalist's ridicule, which has made it
ah old story that a woman's club will dis
patch in one afternoon several subjects,
any one of which would be considered a
matter for an investigation of months by
a learned man. It, must be borne in mind
that no club woman has ever claimed that
club membership made her "learned,"
and in emphasizing as one of the club's
advantages the freer play and the larger
neld^of contemplation which the club has
opened to woman's intelligence we make
no claim that the club 13 the equivalent
of the university.
The experience of associating with oth
ers not their Inferiors, not related to them
by ties of consanguinity or of the church,
and therefore not bound to flatter and to
coddle them, has had upon women an
effect the extent of which can hardly be
magnified. It is probable that the good
effects already presented measure about
all that the first decade of club life did
for the women who shared it. At the be
ginning of the second decade, when, by
their innocent pursuits, they had silenced
the light mockery with which they were
at first greeted, the club began yielding
its members another advantage: It gave
them some experience into which pleasure
enters in a much larger degree than It
enters Into the rivalries of ordinary so
ciety.
Courtesy and Intellectual Interchange
The second decade of club life Is marked
by the study of parliamentary law. The
endeavor to conduct clubs according to
parliamentary usage gave women a new
sense of order and decorum: taught them
that the primary object is not to differ
in opinion but to express differences in
an Inoffensive manner. This study of par
liamentary law often induced an undue
attention to "mint, anise and cummin''
and a forgetfulness of "weightier mat
ters," but the observance of parliamen
tary usage has had . one good effect In
that it has trained women to self-control
and to moderation and has compelled
them to pay outward respect to opponents.
I believe that women thus schooled do, on
the average, practice higher courtesy in
social life than women not thus trained,
since the Indispensable element of fine
courtesy is self-restraint.
The influence of the club upon its mem
bers has reacted upon the homes and upon
social life in general so that to a much
larger degree than formerly does social
life. demand some intellectual interchange,
some manifestation of spiritual activity.
Having learned to enjoy one another in
their clubs, women have increased this
pleasure by creating opportunities for
meeting this larger and more varied cir
cle of women outside of their clubs. To
a larsre extent the social functions made
by women for women only are the fruit
of club association. A good effect of ex
clusively feminine social life is that it has
rendered it as to manner, dress and sub
jects of conversation less Bervile to pre
conceived demands of men. It has culti
vated within women a desire to please
one another and a capacity for deriving
pleasure from social relations into which
coquetry does not enter.
Club Work of the Present Day.
The characteristic new feature of club
life in its third decade has been break-
Ing away from self-imposed limitations
that marked the Initial efforts of women
and the application of their garnered In
telligence and experience to the solution
of serious sociological problems and the
amelioration of social conditions.
A new interest in popular education, the
attempt to relate the home and the school,
to increase the sense of responsibility in
the former for the latter, the establish
ment of social relations between teach
ers and parents, the intelligent study and
public discussion of questions affecting
the public health may be enumerated
among the good effects of the club as
conducted at the present time.
Many of the principal clubs in the larger
cities from the beginning have been what
are called department clubs; In such clubs
the work has been carried on under the
direction of committees, and members
have been able- to be - registered in one or
another section according to their pref
erences. But while there was from the
beginning some opportunity for choice In
tlub work-in the larger clubs, in small
places this subdivision of the club into
sections is relatively recent. The study
of the semi-public/or wholly public ques
tions just enumerated has compelled wo
men to investigate the conditions of their
own community in these respects. Many
clubs now have their standing committees
on school visitation and on inspection of
public institutions; many clubs also ap
point special committees to report from
time to time, as need arises, the condi
tions of the odious quarters of a city.
Women's Larger View of Life.
Through this more practical study the
club In its third decade is relating woman
to the common life and quickening wo
man's conscience as to her duty toward
that \ life. This is perhaps the very best
effect upon women themselves that th©
club has wrought. It implies all of the
other preceding good effects and is a
promise of results in whose benefits the
entire commonwealth will share. -All of
the good effects produced upon its mem
bers by the individual club are induced
in a correspondingly larger degree by
the General Federation of Women's
Clubs. It is only very recently that many
women have gone from their homes save
in pursuit of either pleasure or health; a
woman's journey from her home has al
ways meant either a visit to personal
friends or the temporary surrender to dis
sipation, more or less mild in its char
acter at some pleasure resort, or the
search for health by change of climate or
by being domiciled, 1 in a sanatorium.
The annual meetings of the State feder
ation, the biennials of the general federa
tion, with their intermediate gatherings of
committees, have all contributed their
share in giving to woman a larger sense
of State and national life and a keener
perception of their relation to both.
• Thus briefly I have suggested the direc
tions in which the woman's club, by its
good effects upin its members, has proved
its right to a place among our social insti
tutions. I reserve to a later date a discus
sion of what to my mind are the distinctly
bad effects upon women of club life.
i . Church— Have you a cosy corner in your
[ house? . ¦
! Gotham — Oh, yes; my wife has arranged
| two of them. ,
"You must enjoy them after a hard
i day's work."
i "Enjoy nothing! The cat has one and
my wife's do?r occupies the other!"—Yon
kers Statesman. .' .
COROXAtX) TENT CITT. Coronado Beach.
Cal., vrlll be the popular summer resort this
reason. , It became famous last year for'coin
i fort, entertainment and health. Its splendid
' cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexcelled.
WEDNESDAY .....APRIL 17, iy»
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
~~~Ifid!?nrr:U^nmaiuttUoai tj W. S. LEAZE, Mtni.tr.
MAViCEU'S OFFICE Tele " h< ?J^^55!i!L52i
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.'
Telephone Trcaa 201..
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.r
Delivered tor Carriers, 15 Cent* Per AVeek.
Single Copies, 5 Cent*.
Term* hy Mail, Including Postagei
JXATI/r CALL Occluding Sunday), one year ....*«.00
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). 6 months S-Wj
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months l-«>0
DAILY CALL-By Flngle Month «=£
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear 1 - 0Q
All poctnantrm are authorized to receive
HnbKcriptlonR.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail eubscrfberg In ordering chantre of fA&i*%a should be
particular to elv* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt j^g correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE-' ...HIS Broadway
C. GEOUGE KROGXESS.
Jftugtr T»nign Advertising, Mirjuette Building. Chicago.
(Long: Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
e. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
KETV TOIIK REPRESENTATIVE!
0TEPHEX D. SMITH.- 30 Tribune Building:
KKW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetorla Hotel; A. Brentaao, 31 Union Square:
Murrey Hill Hotel. - ¦ ;
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. .New* Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House: Auditorium . Hotel.
: On. March 18- last Sorosis celebrated
Its thirty-first anniversary. Called the
"mother, of clubs," Sorosis has not yet
attained an 1 age which makes a woman
venerable. At 31, Indeed, a woman is still
Only at' the | hither verge of her later
youth. Perhaps less than a third of the
century hardly; affords ; data 'and perspec
tive, for art ample discussion of this sub
ject.*' In less than a generation, as. gen
erations are counted, many generations
of women, as we count generations in
the development of individual life, have
gone into clubs.
At the present time there are -within
the General Federation "of Women's Clubs
about 2000 clubs. A large majority of
clubs, however, are still outside of the
federation. It is probable, there
fore, that a moderate estimate of this
form of organization permits us to" say
that in the United States there are be
tween 8000 and 12,000 women's clubs, in
cluding a membership of about 300,000 wo
men.
Before the Era of Women's Clubs.
How the club has reacted upon its mem
bers and upon general society is an inter
esting inquiry. I shall give my first at
tention to the favorable effects of cluD
life. There is hardly a. better method
than the one pursued by the venders 01
patent' medicines, who show the contrast
of "before and after taking." Before and
after? Thirty years ago the average wo
man of the class from which clubs draw
the majority of their members recognized
only three proper avenues for the move
ment of her life.' r>omestic duty, social
pleasure, the church and the charities ana
philanthropies clustering about the churcn
and entering in it, measured the accepted
boundaries of the activties of the aver
age woman. Such women, for the most
part,' met as eauals only the members or
their own church or their own social set.
Outside of these circles women associated
habitually with their inferiors in age or
in position, namely, with their children or
their servants. , ¦ * j ,
The shrewd observers of America prior
to ths club era -unite in their recognt
tion of the limited and the local intelli
gence of the average American woman.
Harriet Martineau, Frederika Bremer,
Mrs. Trollope and Frances Wright are
the four women who, after having en
joyed abundant opportunities for study
ing American life, publicly and frankly
expressed their opinions of it. These four
women, only two of them of the same
nationality and no two of them of trie
same temperament and mental naDits,
were of one accord in deploring the ae
gree to which the attention of American
women was monopolized by petty cares
and petty pleasures. Mrs. Trollope t ouna
them restricted and vulgarized by tne
personal nature of all of their interests.
Frederika Bremer gently regretted the lit
tle attention given by them to art or to
the amenities of general social life. Fran
ces Wright found that the minds of wo
men who had themselves personally con
tended with pioneer conditions had been
opened and broadened by this contact with
facts and with conditions which consti
tuted an unending series of emergencies
and made upon the wits of all -n omen a,
draft to which even the dullest made some
response. Harriet Martineau found Amer,
lean society so void of subjects of com
mon interest that womfen a"^^,^"^"
ious exercises and indulged In religious
excitement as their sole means of enter
tainment.
Early Anxiety to Avoid Friction.
by itself, woman suffrage. This exciu
sion like most human' contrivances, has
bc° n accompanied by both advantages and
disadvantages. In this i article only tne
advantages will be noted. - The fact tnat
tb. exclusion was made a serious condi
tion bv the clubs earliest organized, Inti
mates the timidity with which women en-
S.red into thTclub relation They sought
harmonious relations with * lar ?f t r h f LI £
more varied cime than they had hitherto
known. To secure harmony they felt
theV must banish subjects upon which
opinions naturally would differ, beca use
to their minds to differ was to clwh to
clash was to experience a sense of dis
courtesy, of wrong, o'.^ffnteient. The
mere fact that women instinctively felt it
necessary to limit their discussions to sub
jects upon which they could not widely
di-a^ree that hey might maintain peace,
is the best possible proof of the degree to
which custom had limited their horizon
narrowed their prejudice and reduced
their vision. The origin of many clubs
is an interesting story. The chronicles of
women's clubs, even the meager records
of club secretaries, will be valuable fpr
students of sociology and historians, yet
even these chronicles will be less valu
able than they might have been because
the same timidity which feared the Intro
duction of questions that might occasion
difference of opinion and consequent dls»
pute. also voted it discourteous to retain
on the records any discussions which dis
tinctly reveal a 'troubled mood.
How Women Found One Another Out.
The immediate occasion of the birth of
Sorosis was the decision of the New York
Press Club to exclude its one or two
women members from the banquet with
which Charles Dickens was to be wel
comed on the occasion of his first visit to
this country. Not every club can quote
so interesting an ante-natal incident, but
every club will find at the very root of its
origin a multitude of half-confessed or en
tirely concealed local causes and every
club Includes at least one member with
some sense of humor who is ready to
transmit the traditions of divers incidents
showing a tendency toward touchiness,
¦which is only an expression of the petti
ness that was a marked characteristic of
the ante-club woman. . .
The club discovered to women that other
women not belonging to their church and
whose husbands belonged to the opposing
political party were not less agreeable and
not less trustworthy than themselves. In
this initial discovery may be found the
first stupendous good effect- of the club
upon club women. The habit of meeting
with women outside Of their own particu
lar set who could not be interested in the
discussion of the same social incidents
forced them to prepare themselves by
study to discuss questions that were other
than personal and local and . sectarian.
As there must be a common basis for all
happy social intercouse, and as some com
mon 'knowledge and some common inter
est must constitute such a basis, the club
set women to studying the same books ,
that they might talk about them. It is
generally supposed that the most innocu
ous of books are of the purely remote his
torical type. Club programmes show that
a large majority of women's clubs began
their careers. by -laborious papers and con
versations upon' subjects drawn from the
history of Egypt or Asia Minor or Greece
or else they studied pure belles-lettres.
While no club exactly duplicates the ex
perience of any other, : I think that club
women all over the country would dis- >
cover relatively the same evolutionary !
stages in the clubs to which they belong !
In regard to the subjects that have been i
considered by them. I
Timid Beginnings of Club Associa
tions. •.
I have just looked over a register con
taining club programmes from 1S75 to
date The very first subject put down
for the meeting of this club is, "In Order
to Be a Good Housekeeper Is It Neces
sary to Devote One's Entire Time to It?" !
The.next meeting of the same club I
shows that its members were occupied in I
studying the condition of .Hebrew women.
On March 15 of -the present year the same
club was considering John Ruskin. My
inference that the majority of eluba at
the outset have found refuge in antiquity
and have gradually developed themselves
into becoming : contemporary with them
selves is drawn from the perusal of sev
eral hundreds of club programmes, which
I anticipate will one day be. considered
the treasure of some historical library.
By May "Wriglit So-wall.
PRESIDENT OP THE INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL. OF. WOMEN.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
IX.— THE cilTB HABIT— ITS ADVANTAGEOUS EFFECTS ON WOMEN
Varied and Beneficial Results of Club Life
; and Organization Upon the Women
of the United States.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Gall... ¦• ,
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
If it were not such an awful act of governmental
atavism it would be as amusing as the opera boutle
of Offenbach.
But all that was no more ridiculous than the future
Russian Doctor of Laws, who knows no laws, or the
Bachelor of Philosophy, who knows no philosophy,
or the Master of Arts, who knows no arts.
After the revolution in Hayti the ex-slaves, negroes
all, set up a local titled class of nobility. The world
has laughed about it ever since. The most intelligent
among them were cooks who had been in service to
French officers. These supplied the titles and there
were created the Duke of Ragout, Count Boeuf Roti,
Baron Fricassee, Duke Fricandeau de Veau, Count
Marron au Rhum, and so on through the menu.
The proper conditions of course involve the pledge!
loj'alty to the person of the Czar. It is hoped in this
way to limit, learning in the empire, keep its people
ignorant and make them subservient.
sprang its blood. Its sole answer to a cry for reform
is to kill him who cries. It beiieves that a deathless
principle can be killed by killing the one who gives
it expression. So the Cossacks kill and the. prisons
burst with victims to give life to Holy Russia and
safety to the Czar.
To guard against a future outbreak of intelligence
it is further proposed to put such restrictions upon
university education as shall render it worthless. This
purpose is to be effected by giving university degrees
to those who ?pply under proper conditions without
examination and without the receiver having taken
the courses required for the degree he receives.
But Russian autocracy is not made of such stuff.
Its oriental feature is from the old Orient, whence
The remedy proposed is peculiarly that of a be
sotted tyranny.' An intelligent ruler, seeing his dy
nasty threatened by 'a 'revolt against a policy of re
pression, would examine and relax that policy. He
would bring to his side the intelligence of his empire
by enfranchising the. minds of his people. He would
save his dynasty from overthrow and his country from
decay at one stroke.
Not so with the educated and enlightened classes.
Their loyalty to their race and country revolts at the
repression of the manhood of the one and. the moral
decay of the other. Education makes them aspire.
They would utilize the splendid capacity and virility
of the Russian character before it has been quenched
and yields no spark of fire under the blows of sodden
autocracy. But in Russia loyalty must run to the
small personality of the Czar,. not to the transcendent
figure of the state. So in the realization of loyalty to
country these scholars and thinkers are guilty of trea
son to the Czar. In their last uprising the moujik has
moved uneasily in his sleep. A forgotten thrill of man
hood has run along his nerves. As in a vision he has
seemed to see himself disenthralled, standing upright
with his forehead to the stars, a man among men. So
here and there this class has added its brawn to the
brains of the scholars, and with sticks and stones has
met the. awful whips and keen swords of the Cossack
troops. .True, they ars ridden down and tramped to
death by the horses of the Don, but their act has made
the Czar tremble. He' sees the muscle of his empire
responding to its mind, and is afraid.
¦"T— HE folly" of Russian policy receives fresh illus-
I > tration. Recently Tolstoi had occasion. to re
•: *>- monstrate against' a conspicuous act of senile
tyranny. A considerable number of Russians had mi
grated to this continent, leaving»their wives to follow
when provision had been made to receive them. That
having been done the women were sent for, but Rus
sia forbade them leaving the empire. It is difficult to
be patient with such an exhibition of the wanton use
of power. A Government guilty of it is not entitled
to the loyalty of ' its people nor the respect of the
world. In all the real revolutionary movements in
Russia, which have been public and open, the leaders
and followers have been university students and pro
fessors and the educated and thinking classes. As a
rule the moujik has taken his lot as a matter of
course and has been content to look worshipfully
ttpon the Czar and. gnaw his black crust.
RUSSIAN REPRESSION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
] It will be seen from that statement that Bryan
knows very well that something more than free silver
is at issue between the conservative Democrats and
those who adopted the Chicago platform. He knows
that his own political fortunes are at stake, and he is
not going to let the reorganizers' steal a march on
him. Senator McLaurin, Congressman Fleming and
their supporters in. the South might as well take no
tice. They cannot drop free silver until they have
dropped the whole Chicago platform and " Bryan
with it. . - r
Commoner upon the recent election of a gold bug
Democrat to the office of Mayor -of -St. Louis. He
places at the head of hie editorial on the subject the
title, "A Disastrous Victory," says the "reorganizers"
will claim it as a triumph, that Missouri Democracy
will now have to fight the battle against corporations
all over again, and adds: "Mr. Wells was not nomi
nated because the reorganizers were especially inter
ested in a good municipal government; he was nomi
nated because he represents a corporate element which
calls itself Democratic, as a matter of habit, but gives
its pecuniary and political support to the Republican
party. It will never be found supporting a Demo
cratic .ticket ' unless that ticket is selected and con
trolled by those who have some special privileges
which they desire protected by the Government. If
the Democracy of St. Lcuis had defeated Mr. Wells
the Democracy of Missouri would have been spared
the fight which must now be made. The contest
which resulted in the Pirtle Springs convention . was
fought over the silver question; the fight which is now
opened will be a broader one and will involve the very
existence of the party." .
¦ ¦• \ .- • : ¦ ¦ ¦ - ...¦;¦•¦¦¦.•• ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17, 1901.
6
Mrs. Crimsonbeak— They say the largest
mosquitoes in the world are found in the
Arctic region.
Mr. Crimsonbeak— W-ell. that probably
accounts for some of -those fellows who
have made a dash for the pole never com-
ing back.— Yonkers Statesman.
— » ? «
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace HoteL*
Cal. glace fruit 5Cc per lb at Townaend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦•; ;• -
She— You say you don't like thl3 habit
girls have of forever carrying something
in their hands? ¦ ' ¦
He— No, I don't; I think that is why so
many are not asked to marry.
"What has that to do with it?"
"Why, it gives a fellow the impression
that her - hand . i3 . not . free." — Yonkers
Statesman. ; ¦¦*•¦¦
ADVERTISEMENTS. „ -\ ' V-
Remember a fifty cent bottle
of Scott's Emulsion given in
proper quantities will last a
baby fifty days ; a child six or
seven, thirty days ; and a child
of ten or twelve, twenty days.
It's a very economical medi-
cine.\- *¦ ;;. .
If the child is sickly, without
appetite, it will nourish and
bridge it over until it can take
its usual. food.
For delicate children withotr
any real disease, it can be used
with splendid results.
We'll »end you a HtJle to try, if yoa Ilie.
SCOTT & BOWJfE, 409 Pearl sueet. New Vori.
Call imbacrtbers contemplating? n. change of
renfdrace dnrlnjj tbe ftnmmer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
Kdiireimea by notifying: Tbe Call Business Office.
This pm*>cr trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
fell toirm on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
AJeanr— "Oh Susannah."
Grand Opera-house— "East Lynne."
Columbia — "More Than Queen."
California— "The County Fair."
CentraJ— "Julius Caeear."
Tivoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlnc. .
Fischer 1 b— Vaufl e vill e.
Mechanic*' Pavilion— Art Exhibition.
Tanforan Park — Races. '_
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALES.
By <3. H. rmbsen— Thursday. April IS. at IS o'clock. Busl-
»*s» Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
By 6. Watklns— Thursday, April 18, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
Bupgles, etc.. at 1140 Folsom street. ,ARTISTS WHO WILL BE
HEARD TO-DAY AT MECHAN
ICS' PAVILIOX.
Dr. -William P. Sprogue having relinquished
his practice in. New. York City has reopened an
office at 614 Jones street. Office hours, \ 1 to 3
and 7 to 8 p. m. Telephone Polk 2251, • office
and ¦ residence. v •
The Shipwrights' Association has filed
communications with the various firms
engaged in repairing 1 ships, demanding
the restoration- «of their old schedule of
wages, (5 a day and nine hours' work.
They are awaiting a response to these let
ters, Thomas McConnell, a former presi
dent, has been selected as special repre
sentative to press these demands. •¦
Shipwrights Slake Demands.
Mlzpah Court No. 1 of the Tribe of Ben
Hut celebrated the seventh anniversary
of Its Institution by a musical and literary
entertainment in Foresters' building 1 Mon
day night. In addition to the several num
bers on the programme there was an ad
dress by State Organizer . W. N! Cren
shaw, who Is a member of the Supreme
Tribe, after which there was dancing.
Order of Ten Hur.
Henry Gherkin, who lives on Folsom
street, near Third, was convicted by Judge
Conlon yesterday of beating his wife on
April 12 and of disturbing the peace and
was sentenced to nine months in the
County Jail.
Brutal Wife-Beater Punished.
At the session' of the. Grand Council of
Royal and Select Masters yesterday the
following were elected officers for the cur
rent council year:, William B. Scarbor
ough, grand mister; John G. Bisbee, dep
uty grand master; James Beslor Merritt,
grand principal conductor of the work:
Franklin H. Day, grand treasurer, and
William A. Davies,: grand recorder. Dur
ing the year one new council was insti
tuted at Ventura.
Masons Elect Officers.
All women sensibly desire to be ~ attractive.
Beauty is the stamp 9! health because it is
the outward manifestation of inner purity. A
healthy woman la 'always attractive, bright
and happy. When every drop of blood A the
veins is pure a beauteous Hush Is on the
cheek. But when the blood is impure, mo
roseness, bad temper and a sallow complexion
tells the tale of sickness all. too plainly. And
women to-day know there Is no beauty with
out health. Wine of Cardul crowns women
with beauty "» and attractiveness by making
strong and healthy those organs which make
her a woman. Try Wine of Cardui, and in
a month your friends will hardly know you.
Attractive "Women.
A meeting of the Ship Painters'- Union
of the army transport dock was held
Sunday and arrangements were made for
providing 1 the union's share of the recep
tion to be tendered to President McKin
ley. The members decided to turn out
In a neat uniform and furnish a float rep
resenting the transport Grant Antonio
de Size was appointed marshal and James
Fenney and Frank McConnell aids. James
Bellner, Boge Murphy and A. O'Rourke
were appointed a committee on floats, and
M. Jarnae, S. S. Mullins and M. Murphy
will look after the music.
Painters Will Greet President.
Thomas H. Andrews, theatrical stage
mechanic, San Francisco, filed a petition
in insolvency yesterday. His liabilities
sre $G07. and he lias no assets.
C. Hermann & Co., hatters, of this city,
filed yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court a schedule of their debts and
assets In response to the petition filed by
thoir creditors some time ajro. The total
liabilities are $33,007 f*. the largest single
item being less than $6000. The assets are
J17.2SS 28.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Through the overturning of an oil stove
in or>e of the tents in the rear of the gen
eral hospital at the Presidio yesterday
morning a fire was started that threat
ened serious damage for a time. Prompt
wcrk on the part of the hospital corps
men prevented the spread of the flames
to the hospital proper and the fire was
restricted to two tents, which were totally
destroyed. The tents were occupied by
eouval'efclng patients.
Three horses of the Ninth Cavalry, suf
fering from glanders, were shot yester
day. There are about fifteen other ani
mals susrjected of having the disease,
and every precaution is being taken to
prevent Its spread.
There are now no regular troops occu
pying the camps at the Presidio except
the regular garrison force. Upper and
lower model camps are occupied by the
Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth and Twenty
t'ghth regiments. The first named regi
ment will be mustered out to-day.
Work cf Corps Men Prevents Spread
of Flames to Wooden
Buildings.
FIRE DESTROYS HOSPITAL
TENTS AT THE PRESIDIO
Chief Elton also inclosed a list of
jewelry found in the possession of Gor
delli when arrested. Mrs. Espinoza called
at the office of Captain Seymour yesterday
afternoon and the captain went through
the list with her. AH the articles be
longed to her and were stolen by the
wornan. There are only a few articles
missing and it is probable that they have
been, sold by the pair. The coin, of
course, has gone glimmering.
Captain Seymour is Inclined to believe
that the robbery at the Espinosa resi
dence was the only one committed by the
Woman in this city, as no other com
plaints have been received by him of the
kind. Nothing is known of the past rec
ord of the couple here and Chief Elton
writes that they are reticent as to their
past life and refuse to talk. The woman
is about 23 years of age and of prepossess
ing appearance. Her complexion i8 very
dark her hair "black and she has rosy
cheeks and an innocent air. She speaks
Spanish fluently. She and Gordelli lived
together for a short time as man and wife
in the Lombard! Hotel on Broadway, near
Sansome street, where they took the plun
der stolen from Mrs. Espinoza, but de
camped before the detectives got there.
Captain Seymour received a letter yes
terday from Chief Elton of Los Angeles,
inclosing photographs of the woman and
the man arrested there for stealing $800
worth of jewelry from the house of Morita
Meyberg, where the woman was employed
as a domestic for a few days. The
woman gave her name there as Julia
Carpi and the man as Alfred Gatia, but
yesterday Mrs. Catharine Espinoza, 2400
Harrison street, Identified the photograph
of the woman as that of Julia Gonzaleski,
who was employed by her for a few weeks
as a domestic and absconded on March 21
with more than $1000 worth of jewelry and
$450 in coin. The photograph of the man
was identified as that of Francisco Gor
delli, the woman's companion here. Mrs.
Espinoza swore to a warrant for their ar
rest Monday on the charge of grand lar
ceny and if they cannot be convicted, in
Los Angeles they will be brought back
here and tried.
Mrs. Catharine Espinoza Rec
ognizes Photograph of
Julia (xonzaleski.
FEMALE THIEF
IS IDENTIFIED
Reception committee— Otto Thiele, O. Lud
wlgr. Lewis Schmidt.
Booth committee— L. Bass, H. Behrens, Ch.
Roeber.
Committee of arrangements — Mrs. a. Johan
son, president; Miss L. Heinlcke, vice, presi
dent; Mrs. J. Hermann, secretary; ' Mrs. F.
Geerkens, treasurer; J. Hermann, J. Hart
manshisn. F. Huber.
Entertainment committee — R. Scheel, William
Scheppler,. J. Loeffler.
Printing committee— Mrs. H. Fried, Mrs. K.
Beckman. H. C. F. Stahl.
Finance committee— Mrs. B. Burgh, Mrs. M.
Angrersteln, Miss H. Bgeberg.
Music committee — Miss A. Gerichten, Mrs
L. Steers. Louis Scheib.'
Decoration cemmittee— Mrs. E. Thiele, Wil
liam Scheppler. Miss E. Miller.
The following have charge of the affair:
The booths will be of various kinds, in
cluding elntracht, coffee, flowers, shoot
ing, katzenjammer, fancy work, lottery,
ball throwing, cigars, auction, candy, for
tune telling. German beer and wine village
and Turkish harem. . >
To-morrow evening will be a "singing
night," Friday night will be devoted to
the "turners," Saturday evening a mixed
programme -will be given and on Sunday
night music and physical exhibitions will
be given.
The various singing societies of San
Francisco and Oakland will take part in
the concerts to be given each evening and
prizes will be awarded to the competitors.
Sirnilar competitions will also be held of
the "turner" societies and considerable
rivalry exists among those who will take
part. . .
The large hall of the society will be ap
propriately decorated and various booths
will be arranged in imitation of similar
booths to be found in Germany. The wo
men of the society have been working
with energy for many weeks.
A fair, exhibition and bazaar will be
given at the Vereln Elntracht Hall, 237
Twelfth street, by the women of the so
ciety, commencing to-morrow and termi
nating on Sunday evening next.
Singing Sections and Turner
Societies to Strive in
Competition.
WOMEN ARRANGE
GERMAN BAZAAR
BIG MINING SUIT IN
THE CIRCUIT COURT
Grass Valley Gold Producers B-epre
ssnted by Notable Legal Talent
in the Trial.
A notable array of legal talent was pres
ent yesterday morning In the United
States Circuit Court, the occasion being
the trial of the suit of the Penn Consoli
dated Mining Company ; vs. The Grass
Valley Exploration Company. The plain
tiff was represented by Curtis H. Lindley,
H. Eickhoff, Frederick Searls and G. W.
Kitts, and the defendant by Garber, Cres
well & Garber and P. F. Simonds. * -
The suit was brought to recover $G00,000
damages and restitution of property, the
plaintiff alleging that the defendant took
out of one of its veins gold ore of- that
value within the last two years. There Is
another suit pending In which the parties
are reversed, the Grass Valley Explora
tion Company being the plaintiff, and
asking for $100,000 damages and the eject
ment of the Penn Consolidated miners.
Mr. Lindley made the opening state
ment, occupying two hours in explaining
by mean3 of maps and diagrams what he
intended to prove. The issue in the case
Is whether certain gold-bearing veins out
side the surface boundaries of the Penn
Consolidated and tapped by the defendant
in one of its mine shafts have their apices
within the surface boundary lines of the
Penn Consolidated.
The mines are situated at the town of
Grass 'Valley. The trial will be resumed
this mornlnjr.
Pianoforte solo. "Rltonia Vincitor" (Verdi),
Miss Eleanor Joseph; recitative and aria,
violinist, created a furore by her skillful
playing. She is a pupil of Noah Brandt,
and was accompanied yesterday by Mrs.
Brandt. It is needless to say the appear
ance of Miss Millie Flynn, Mrs. J. E.
Birmingham and Mrs. Martin Schultz
evoked the heartiest applause for the
well-known singers. "President's Day"
was a triumph lor all who took part in It.
The programme presented in the af
ternoon was as follows:
The California and Nevada District
Syr.od of the Lutheran Church will as-
Fcmble to-day for its annual session, last
ing till the 24th inst., at the newly dedi
cated St* John's Lutheran Church on
Twenty-second and Capp streets. Thft
opening services will be held this evening
at 7:45 o'clock with sermon by the pres'.
dent of the Missouri Synod, the Rev. F.
Pieper cf St. Louis. Dally sessions will
be held in the lecture-room of the church,
forenoon and afternoon. Rev. J. M.
Buehler presiding.
The Missouri Synod, of which the Cali
fornia and Nevada district is a part, Js
composed of 1731 ministers and 2938 con
gregations and preaching stations. The
statistical year book of 1900 gives 422,5<o
as the number of its communicants. Be
sides 1767 parochial schools, with a grand
total of 82,042 scholars, the Missouri Synod
supports nine colleges and seminaries, in
which 1035 students are enrolled. Tho
California and Nevada District Synod
numbers twenty-one ministers and
churches, with seven teachers.
Will M*et To-Day in New St.
John's Church.
California and Nevada District Synod
LTJTSEBAlaS TO GATHER
IN AITNUAL SESSION
The exhibition to-day will be under
the direction of Mrs. E. X. Rolker, chair
man of the committee on textiles. A
feature will be an address by Professor
Pliny E. Goddard of , the University of
California, who will speak on "The In
dians of Northern California." Mra.
Rolker and her associates on the commit
tee have arranged an attractive pro
gramme. Among those who will particl
pate are Professor R. A. Lucchesi, M.
Bert Georges, Pietro Marino, A. W. Nell
sen, Miss Edith Hanks and Miss Freda
Ohlandi.
"Adieu, Jorets" (Tschaikowsky), Mrs. Martin
Schultz; violin solo, "Scene de Ballet" (De
Beriot), Aileeh McCabe; song, "Beloved, It Is
Morn" (Aylward), Garner S. Stanhouse: song.
Miss Millie Flynn; violin solo, Aileen McCabe.-
The evening programme was as follows:
Pianoforte solo, "Polichlnelle" (Rachmani
noff), Miss Jessie B. Lyon; song, "Thou Art
Mine All" (Bradsky). Mrs. F. G. Elliott; aria,
"II est Doux" (Massenet), Mis3 Mae Rose; song
"Er, der Herrllschte Von Allen" (Schumann),
Miss Margaret M. Fontana; song, "Love's Re
quest" (Reichart), Mr. H. M. Fortescue; songs,
"A Summer Evening" (Grieg), "Two Brown
Eyes" (Grieg), "Der Gartner" (Kahn), Miss
Grace Ewing: songs. "Parting" (Rogers),
"Dear Love, When in Thine Arms" (Chad
wick), Miss Millie Flynn; song, "Pensee d'Au
tomne" (Massenet), Mrs. J. E. Birmingham;
song, "The Armorer's Song" (De Koven), Mr.
W. R. Kneise: duet, "Quls eat Home" (Ros
sini). Miss Millie Flynn and Mrs. J. E. Birm
ingham.
Mr. Woodworth's reply 'will be for
warded to-day. It will consist merely of
a statement of the legal procedure to be
adopted and of the steps already taken in
the way of proof.
United States Attorney, San Francisco, Cal.:
"What have you done on Instructions concern
lnK slave traffic in Chinese girls? I desire
full and prompt co-operation with State au
thorities In all v/ays which law authorizes.
HOYT, Acting Attorney General.
United States Attorney Woodworth said
yesterday that no steps toward arrests
would be made until (sufficient evidence
should have been sceured to justify con
victions. There is a company and a
lawyer behind every Chinaman and slaves
or other property will not bo given up
withcut a legal struggle.
The Attorney General of the United
States thinks it is an easy stunt to arrest
and convict the Chinese inmates of dis
reputable houses, as is shown by the fol
lowing dipatch, received yesterday morn
ing by Mr. Woodworth: ,
The first point to which Mr. Woodworth
has turned his attention is whether there
are any persons in this district held in
slavery. After the individual slaves shall
have" been found the next point will be the
evidence to convict the persons holding
them in slavery. On these propositions
Miss Cameron of the Presbyterian Chinese
Mission. Miss Lake of the Methodist Chi
nese Mission and Dr. John Endicott Gar
diner, Chinese Inspector, have furnished
considerable evidence.
United States Attorney Marshall B.
Woodworth has been quietly gathering
evidence for the past three weeks respect
ing the existence of Chinese girl slavery
in the Northern District of California.
He has taken the best legal advice. Includ
ing that of United States Circuit Judge
W. W. Morrow, as to the mode of pro
cedure to be adopted and as to the kind
of proof to be secured in- order to warrant
convictions, for he is well aware that in
discriminate and hastily advised arrests
would result in the discharge of the ar
rested pers&ns and would turn the efforts
of the Federal authorities into a farce.
Woodworth Working Hard
at Gathering Evidence
Against Owners.
CHINESE SLAVERY
GETS ATTENTION
The gorgeous silk flag that is to be
presented by the club to President Mc-
Kinley on his visit to San Francisco, was
displayed in the art gallery. It is dis
tinctively "home made." The silk was
produced in this State, woven by local ar
tisans and made up here. The polished
8taff is from the famous redwoods of
California and the gold bands and also
the eagle on the staff head were fash
ioned from gold delved from mines of the
Golden State.
In order to encourage local talent, the
California Club has decided to purchase
one of the paintings now on exhibition
In the art gallery, and has voted $150 to
that end. The committee of selection
consists of Irving M. Scott. George H.
Buckingham, Mrs. Ralph Harrison, Mrs.
W. J. Bartnett and Mrs. J. J. Bryce. The
award of the committee will be made pub
lic on Friday.
The programmes presented yesterday
were 01 unusual excellence, and Mrs.
Lovell White and Mrs. A. D. Sharon were
the reciulents of numerous congratula
tions. Little Aileen McCabe, a 12-year-old
THE members of the California
Club were gladdened yesterday by
a large attendance at the Indus
trial and Allied Arts Exhibition at
Mechanics' Pavilion, the celebra
tion of "President's day" serving to at
tract visitors.
Mrs. Lovell White, president of the
club, and Mr-s. A. D. Sharon, vice-presi
dent, were In charge for the day, and
supplied two delightful musical pro
grammes for the afternoon and evening.
Kampe succeeded in getting himself
elected president, director, secretary and
treasurer of the company. The property
of the corporation consisted of sixty-four
claims, which are said by members of the
company who have seen them to be of
considerable value. Kampe then got the
stockholders to give him an option on
$180,000 worth of the property, which he
was to develop, at his own. expense, for
his own personal benefit, according to
their allegations. •¦
By virtue of his many offices, his con
fidence-inspiring manner and an explana
tion that while he was in Alaska he
might have to call an assessment or
might sell the property and would need
the stock to turn it over toUhe possible
purchaser, Kampe induced . the stock
holders to intrust every share of the com
pany to himself. In lieu of a receipt they
adopted a resolution accepting Kampe s
guarantee. He developed the claims, but
finding that there was no profit in them,
it is alleged, he decided that the investi
gation of the property had been conducted
in behalf of the Independent Mining Com
panv and levied a $10,000 assessment ac
cordingly.
Meanwhile he sold the property on
which he had the $180,000 option for $240,
000. The purchaser paid $10,000, and think
ing the deal would soon be- completed,
Kampe decided that he was developing
the property on his own account again.
The prospective purchaser did not com
plete the deal, but forced Kampe to re
turn tho $10,000. As a result of this affair
Kampe decided that the company had
been conducting the development opera
tions after all.
President, Secretary, Treasurer and Di
rector Kampe recently returned to this
city and informed the eager stockholders
that he had developed the property at a
cost of $10,000 on behalf of the company
and that there were no returns. To in
sure his position, Kampe still holds the
stock. The stockholders remember very
plainly that Kampe was to develop this
property, on which they had given him an
option, and at his own expense. To re
cover this $10,000 the suit is filed.
The plaintiffs, who own about 80,000
shares of stock, are R. W. Schultze,
Maurice Enright, T. Olsen; "W. J. McDon
ald, A. Petry. C. Juhl, A. H. Schultze, E.
F. Schumacher, H. Mein, C. F. Rydell, W.
P. Schultze, A. Richter, W. Falkenberg,
Eliza Schultze, A. Peterson, A. R. Peter
son, Charles Lutjen and W. C. Jensen.
The remaining 20,000 shares are owned by
Kampe and his friends. The board of
directors, named as defendants in the
suit, are Solomon Kampe, D. J. Welsh, J.
H. Ryan, Henry Ingerson, A. Richter and
John Doe.
Solomon Kampe, one-time money lender
and later mining promoter, is the prin
cipar defendant in a suit for $10,000. filed
by various stockholders of the Independ
ent-Mining Company, Limited, to recover
shares -of the company's stock, out of
which they believe themselves t& have
been defrauded. The company was formed
In the fall of 18S9 for the purpose of de
veloping mining property, in the vicinity
of Nome, j There were issued 100,000 shares
Of stock, of which Kampe and his brother
promoters took but a small portion, the
remaining- 70,000 or 90,000 shares being dis
posed-of to the plaintiffs in the present
suit.
Investors in Independent Company
Allege Fraud, Deception and Un
lawful Manipulations on Part
of Solomon Eampe.
Victims of Nome Mining
.Scheme Seek Redress
in Court.
STOCKHOLDERS
SUE PROMOTER
Kenneth Wilkie, a Glasgow boy. 16 years
old, who arrived at Vlsalla last August
en his way to his father's uncle, Allan
MrCasklll, at Boulder Spring. Tulare
County, dropped out of sight at that time.
His father in Glasgow and McCasklll have
•enlisted the aid of Consul General Pickers
pill and careful efforts are being made to
pet trace of the misslnp lad.
The boy's relatives fear that he may
have met with foul play either at Vlsalla
or at some larger city to which he may
have been enticed. He had little money
¦with him, but his outfit was one that
•would excite the eujiiditr of some of the
lawless characters that infest that part of
Tulare County.
Young Wiikie left Glasgow on June
28, and arrived at Tulare August
4, or nearly three weeks after he
ought to have reached his desti
nation, lie inquired of the Southern Pa
cific seent how to reach Boulder Spring
and was directed to go via Visalia. though
he Phould have been sent via Exeter, from
vhich nlace a daily sta«?e runs to Three
Rivcre, which is fourteen miles from
Boulder Spring-, the lad's destination. The
boy wer.t to Visalia that same day and
four days later either he or Some one
else holding his baggage checks called at
the office and got the baggage. Nothing
farther is known of young- Wilkie's move
in en t p.
The equipment furnished the boy by his
father is typical of the outfit given young
Britishers who r.re ppnt out to rough It
for a t!mo on some Western ranch. Be
r'o'es a liberal supply of clothing- .end
seme JkioIcp, tho following- articles were
packed in a box: A double-barreled
breach-loading gun, with "Boulder Spring"
trgraved on the stock; two spring sheath
knives, a large hunting knife and sheath,
?Tgravcd "Boulder Spring-"; a field glass,
lifty cartridges and reloading tools.
McCaskills ranch at BouUler Spring is
fourteen miles from Three Rivere and
filly from Visalia. so that his search for
hi? nephew's son has been attended with
rr.uch difficulty. He ha* a theory that
f me one. influenced by the standing offer
that is made during the fruit picking sea
son, of a money reward for each laborer
brought in. induced the boy to turn aside
i:i tho fce'.itf that he could do better than
to en to his uncle's ranch. McCasklll is
oonvincc-o that his young relative met
v;th foul play, else he would have been
hmrd from before this.
Th^ box which contained the outfit was
marked in larce letters In paint. "Ken
neth Wilkie, Boulder Spring, Three Riv
ers, Tulare County, California." It was
larg-e and conspicuous, and the failure of
t*e local r>eace and railroad officials to
get an:- information as to what became
of It after it was taken from the office
at Visalia throws a greater air of mystery
aV>out the case.
V>*ilkie is 16 years of age and S feet 7
inches in height. He had not been away
from home before and was ignorant of
travel and the ways of the world.
Kenneth Wilkie, on Way to
Tulare Ranch Drops
Out of Sight.
4
Friends of the Boy Fear Foul Play-
Has Been Bone and Enlist
Aid of British Con
sul General.
SCOTCH YOUTH'S
DISAPPEARANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO .-CALL., WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17^ 1901.
Painting From Among Those Now at Industrial Exhibition
to Be Purchased and Committee Appointed to Make
Selection— Crowds Flock to See Display at the Pavilion
LOCAL ART TO BE ENCOURAGED
BY CALIFORNIA CLUB MEMBERS
7
JfflGOLjt'Jk&
The only certain cure for Constipa-
tion. It acts without a gripe, while
you sleep. One dose does the work.
A 100-Page Book of Stories and ?R'4$^Y
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free
vhh everj' a 5 -cent package. SSkTiBi^
ALL DRUGGISTS. . $|£oiftu3?
Those dizzy headaches are very an-
noying. Don't you know what
causes them ? The most common
cf all diseases — Constipation. Your
system is clogged and needs cleans-
ing. The best remedy is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fried Foods
— such as fried oysters, doughnuts, fish,
potatoes, etc. — don't always "sit well" in
some stomachs. "Too rich." they de-
clare; "don't agree with me." Why?
Nine times out of ten because they have
been fried in lard, and what was charged
to richnojs -belonged . in the hog fat
column.
Send for a pail of
White
Cottolene
and use that for shortening and frying.
There will be no more complaints of
the "don't agree" sort, ' unless you
overeat of these good things.
White Cottolene is an old friend in
thousands of homes where lard wss
formerly used, but even at this late day
there are, some who are missing- a good
thing— several of them— in the line of
cookery because they haven't been
using this new shortening* agent, made
from pure vegetable oil and -beef suet.
It's a clean product, and makes foods
into which it comes better and more
wholesome for its coming.
Order a pail — to-day — and test it. : Vi*;
¦"""" ~ E °*"""' The N.KJFalrbank Company,
Chicago-Sole Mancfacturere.
Cpppi Our dainty booklet.
llll/L,. «'A Public Secret,"
mailed free to any address.
For two 2c stamps tva will
send free our 125-page recipe
book. "Home Helps," edited
. — _ . cy x&rSa Ah0r6r«
Pl S.— No Hog Fat in COTTOLENE
DR. CROSSMAKM'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cop; of Gonorrhoea, Cleats.
Strictures and analogous complaint*
of ths Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle, for sale by druggist*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My DYSPEPSIA CURE "positively
cures all forms of indigestion orstom-
i ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
i stomachs. It builds up stomachs that
; have been weakened by powerful cath-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
! JMunyon's Dysprustn Cure corrects bloatiogof
the stomach, palpitation of the heart, shortness of
breath, and all affections of the heart caused by in-
digestian, wind on the stomach, belching wind o<
ST-ir food.bad taste, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
faintnes3 or weakness of the stomach, improper cir-
culation, coated tongue, )"« art-bura or water-prash. :
His Headache Cure stcf,s headache in 3 minutes.
Munyon's Pile Ointment cures all forms of piles.
Munyon's Blood Cure corrects all blood imparities.
Munyon's Eiver Cure correct* headache, bilious-
ness, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
Munyon's Female Kemedie* are a boon to women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herb* are guaranteed to
relieve asthtna in three rrfinute* and cure ia five days.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
Munyon's Vitalize restores lost powers to weal:
men. Price, $1. ft ;~"
Munyon has a cure for every disease. The Gnldo
to lie nit b (free) tells of them. O-em, mostly a$ cts.
Munyon. New York ard Philadelphia.
iHJXTnx'«* t'-t7«tvt tttrt:^ cit»brh.
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
. arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cur^ Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Kvil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, UnHtness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, _ Verlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stops Ne*"J I 1 rvoua Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects^J^La re immediate.
Impart vigor .and c<t "' = » potency to every
function. Don't fret despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c' a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mail. A Written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
40 Kills et.. San Francisco, Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third' st.
•*PALACE HOTEL*-
Visitors to San Francisco who make
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequated
cuisine. American and' European plans.
»»GRAND HOTEL**
BR.HEYEBS&CO.' J|§1%
Specialists. Dis- jtfSp^ '
ease and Weakness c2™f
of men. Estab- tSw \
lished 1881. Consul- M]gZ "2&>*Y<
tatlon and private V»| r_\
book free, at office nSlffl, WfiSii
or by mail. Cures \WjW$«F3? *
guaranteed. 7JH *ot& tttffjillKS
Market street (ele-
San Francisco. *«^^K^i^S«^SE*
AMUSEMENTS. ¦ ¦ '
Funnest Farce of the Year!
OH
Made all New Tork laugh.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— New York's Sensational Comedy,
"THE CONQUERORS."
Evenings frt 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"YOU WILL. MISS A GREAT TREAT"
- IF, YOU FAIL TO SEE
THE
"HOOT JVIOIN."
; It Crowds the Theater Nightly.
HARTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 2SC and 50c
¦ Telephone— Bush 9.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
NOW PLAYIXG TO THE CAPACITY OP
OUR VERY WALLS.
NEIL BURGESS,
. ¦ AS
ABIGAIL PRUE inhis prTduct.o N of
THE COUNTY FAIR
Friday EYerfm— Th? Bia; J3CKEY NI6HT.
EVENING 25c. 33c, 60c. 73c, $1 CO
MATINEE 22c. 50c, 73c
Next Sunday Night Charles H. Yale's
'/THE EVIL .EYE."
CHUTES AND_Z00 &i$fi^
The Great Myriad Dancer. .."¦-;'¦"•
And a host of other VAUDEVILLE STARS.
LEAH MAY— THE .GIANTESS.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— THE AMATEURS.
And, a FAT PEOPLE'S CAKEWALK.
Telephone for «eati— Park 23.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOtnnn O Admission lOc.
1 Damery and Bancroft, Laura LopA. Jack
Symonda, Agnes Fried, Tom Mack. Moll and '
Karl. Leota Howard and Melville Coakley.
Reserved Beats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"REFEREES 7 "
Auction Sale!
BUSINESS PROPERTY
Cor. 3rd and Mission Sts-
Cor. Bash and Belden.
Slitter, Near Grant Ave.
— / ¦
Belonging to Helps of
MATTHEW CROOKS.
THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901
t\T \2t o'clock: noon.
Auction Rooms of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery Street.
S. E. CORNER MISSION AND THIRD STS.
— SS feet on Third st. by 77:6 feet on Mission
St.; solid 4-story and basement brick building.
containing' 3 stores on ground floor, renting for
$350 per month to one tenant, and 3 floors abov*
of 50 rooms, renting for $140 per month: and
assessed for $32,500; Improvements. J15.0CO.
AN ELEGANT LOCATION ON SUTTER ST..
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
ST.— Premises now occupied as a wood and
coal yard : - ground rent $30 per month. Land
assessed for $20,000.
N. E. CORNER BUSH AND BELDEN
STS.. BETWEEN KEAR.VT AND MONT-
GOMERY STS. — Brick Improvements; renting
for 9305 per month. Land assessed $16,060; Im-
provements. $2700.
For further particulars apply to
f JOHN T. HAR.ME3.
628 Market St.'
Referees:' O. H. UMBSEN.
14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN,
[ Parrott Building.
AMUSEMENTS.
BEIASCO ABoTHALCSjfoffig.
£*zf Pi^ lEVt S Cj jjfg a*»\ k3 5TL.
M i '1* V^ VftSTt Ct7Y tttU
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Wee'*-
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Last Week Engagement America's Tragedian,
ROBERT DOWNING
And a Powerful Cast. Including the Popular
Actor. MASON MITCHELL. In Shake-
JULIUSOESAR
Presented on a Scale of Extraordinary
Magnificence.
TOO PEOPLE ON THE STAGE 200
PDirSC EVENINGS 10c. lac. 23c. 35c. 50o
tnllC3 MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25o
Next Week— "A FAIR REBEL."
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY),
APRIL. 17.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony. 10c: children,
10c, any. part except reserved. •
VAUDEVILLE. EXTItAOrtDlNAItT.
Francesca Bedding and Co., Horace
Goldin, Barbareschi and Castei-
lano, Prevost and Prevost, Hal
Stephens and Co., Josephine Gass-
man and Picks, George H. Woods,
The Great American Biograph.
Farewell Week of
TschernofFs Famous Dog Circus.
f*(ftl BHRJ3E3IA sa» fbahcisco-3
vULUmJjjlM LEADIM1 THEATRE
LIST 5 NIGHT 3. MATINEE SATC3DA7. '
In the Imperial Spectacle.
MORE THAN QUEEN
The most gorgeous production known to the
stage.
.This attraction will not appear In Oakland.
This Theater wjll be dark during the weeks
of April 22 and 29. owiny to the Illness
of James K. Hackett and the con-
eellation of his tour.
Reopenlner May 8 with Herne's
j: f - ;-".*' "SAQ HARBOR."
GRAND' OPEftA MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Florence Stone and Jack We'jster
In an Elaborate Revival of
Ay-., v 5^*^25 *^, ¦<4y E3
Prices— 10c. 13c. 23c, 50c. Few at 73 cents.
Good Orchestra Seat Saturday and Sunday
Matinees 25 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
' UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
AN EXHIBITION
—OP THE—
Industrial and Allied Arts
IS NOW IN PROGRESS
IN THE ART GALLERY
OF
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
. TO CLOSE ON
SATURDAY EVE.. April 28.
Onen Afternoons and Evenlnzs.
Admission. - 25c Season Tickets. $1 SO. Chil-
dren, 10c.'
KAUd_ park.
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
April 13 to 19. inclusive. - .
FTNE CARD EVERT DAT.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend street*— 7.
10:80. 11:3* a. m.; 12:40. 1. 1:30. 2 p. m.
Returning. leave track at 4:15 and thereafter
at short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for
ladles and escorts.
'ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). |1 8.
E. J. POWER. Racine Secretary.Nezv Orleans Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 16.— A firm opening, with
prices 5@10 points higher, resulted from an
unexpected show of strength abroad. The July
position was relatively the firmest option on
the list, while May, except at the opening, was
the first to give way to liquidation on room
profit-taking. The market closed quiet, un
changed to 3 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
v
NEW YORK. April 16.— The downward course
of lead In London' was unabated to-day, prices
having further declined 3s 9d to £12 2s 6d,
touching the lowest figures in years. The
principal cause attributed to the weakness Is
heavy shipments from this country; New York
alone shipped 4200 tons abroad since the 1st of
April. Lead In local circles, however, remains
inactive ' and unchanged at $4 37%. There was
a sympathetic rise of about 15 points on bid
figures for tin to-day as prices took another
move upward In London. Trading, nevertheless,
was very slow and our market closed firm but
quiet at $26@26 50. At London the close was
firm at £117 27s 6d for spot and £114 5s for
futures. Although a steady undertone was
prevalent in' copper prices were more or less
nominal, owing to the absence of business,
with the closing basis at $17 .for Lake Superior
and $16 62% for casting. ) In London an ad
vance of 10s was noted, making spot £70 17s 6d
and futures £71. 10s. Spelter ruled quiet and
about steady at $3 9O@3 95. Domestic iron
markets were ¦without Important features, but
continue steady. Glasgow warrants closed
quiet on the basis of bU 3d and Middlesborough
at 45s 3d. .
New York Metal Market.
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 3,912,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increase. 800,000; total sup
ply, decrease, 3,112,000 bushels."
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1.113,000 bushels.
' Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase. 34,000 bushels.
Pacific stocks decreased 211,000 bushels last
week. '
NEW YORK, April 16.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communications tq_Bradstreet's show
the following changes in ''available supplies
from last account:
Available Grain Supply.
Wheat— April. May- Aug.
Opening IS 60 19 35
Closing 18 60 19 35
Flour-
Opening 23 65 24 35
Closing 23 65 24 30
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May July.
Opening 5 9% 5 9-%
Closing 5 9^4 5 9%
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries. 15@£0%c; dair
ies, ll@18c. Cheese, steady, U@12SsC Eggs,
steady; fresh, 12c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 26,000 2S.0O0
Wheat, bushels 64,000 152,000
Corn, bushels 124,000 . 87,000
Oats bushels 336,000 446,000
Rye bushels 5.000 9,000
Barley, bushels 32,^00 3,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 68%@70%c; No. 2
red 70%'3-73c; No. 2 corn, 43%c; No. 2 yellow,
43%'c; No. 2 oats, 27@27i,4c; No. 2 white, 29%@
30c- No. 3 white, 28'/i@30c; No. 2 rye, 53c; good
feeding barley, 46c; fair to choice malting,
51(g56c: No. 1 flaxseed, $159; No. 1 Northwest
ern $1 59; prime timothy seed, $3 70; mess
pork per barrel, $14 12%@15; lard, ,. per 100
pounds JS 25@8 30: short ribs sides (loose).
$8 15S8 35; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@
7%c; short clear sides (boxed), $8 37%@8 50;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade, $11.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
23.S60 Atchison $4%
10,S«0 Atchison prefd 5514
TOO Baltimore & Ohio 9214
500 Canadian Pacific 941.
6.100 Canada Southern 65
4,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 46%
S.300 Chicago Gre^t Western 23V4
167.100 Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 194H
700 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 3714
1,000 Chgo, Ind & Louis prefd, ex div 71%
Chicago & Eastern Illinois.... 117
3,400 Chicago & Northwestern. 205%
20,200 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 153'
8.800 C C C & St Louis 87%
°i.»00 Colorado Southern 1314
4.000 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4")
I 6.200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd., ...22%
6,100 Delaware & Hudson 179U
400 Delaware. Lack & Western 222%
1.000 Denver & Rio Grande 45 "
LuOO I>enver & Rio Grande prefd 93U
119.800 Krie 41
30,700 Erie 3st prefd 72
3,800 treat Northern prefd 181
1,500 Hocking Coal 19'i
400 Hockin? Valley 53
3,200 Illinois Central 140W
L500 Iowa Central 32%
NEW YORK, April 16.— The stock market
gave evidence to-day that the speculation still
retains an abundant vitality, 'but nevertheless
the tone was exceedingly feverish and at times
very nervous. An opportunity was given dur
ing the morning to see the unwisdom of the
speculative'leaders in having attempted to sub
stitute a lot of low-grade_ industrial stocks ;
for the high-grade rallroads~as leaders the I
market. The violent relapses from yesterday's
manipulated advances in some of these stocks
caused considerable disorder in the market dur
ing the early trading. The decided weakness
of the United States Steel stocks on account ¦
of the reported threat ot the president of the
Amalgamated Association to precipitate a
strike had an unsettling effect all through the
industrial list. It was proved once again that
the industrial stocks are influenced by such (
variety of causes and conditions that it is
hopeless to expect any uniform movement in
all of them. All high-priced Industrials con
tinued to show strength, notably Sugar and
Amalgamated Copper. The dealings in the lat
ter stock were on an enormous scale and the
price movement violent and erratic. After the
opening bulge realizing carried the price %
point below last night. Later in the day, after
the publication of tha proposition for absorb
ing the Butte and Boston and Boston and Mon
tana the stock was run up 4% from the lowest
to 12S%. The last price was 125%— a net gain
of only %. The general market proved rather
Indifferent to the movement of the specialties ,
and there was a general declining tendency,
Rock Island especially falling 3% under last
night and a large number of prominent rail
road stocks from 1 to 2 points. With the re
vival of rumors that the Burlington plan of
merger would certainly be published to-mor
row that stock. Northern Pacific and the Eries
became extraordinarily buoyant again and
there was a sympathetic recovery in the gen
eral market. The Kaunas and Texas stocks
were another center of strength. In this move
ment Burlington touched 195, a recovery from
the lowest of 7%. and Northern Pacific, selling
ex-divldend of 1 per cent, rose by violent ad
vances to 105% — an extreme advance of 7%.
The Erie stocks rose from 2 to 3 points. The
prices of all of these stocks except Erie second
preferred made new high records to-day. Not
withstanding the sympathetic recoveries In the
general market it will be seen that the day's
net changes are as a rule of Insignificant di
mensions. The gains by the banks from the
6ub-treasury, owing to the high level of pen
sion payments and the buying of bonds by the
Secretary of the Treasury, afford unquestion
able relief to the money market. The rise In
Chicago exchange to 10c premium also reflects
the turning point in the interior currency
movement in favor of New York? But the sig
nificant fact in the day's money market was
the quick response of the sterling exchange
market to the easier money conditions here,
giving grounds for the conjecture that any in
crease In the available supply of funds in New
York will go to London for the purpose of the
coming issue of consols. It is Important to
rememj>er that this government loan, which
is estimated at $250,000,000 as a minimum, is in
excess of any loan since the French Indemnity
to Germany. The London money market is at
present not only heavily indebted to the Bank
of England, but the amount of French and
American capital at interest In London is of
unprecedented volume. London's solicitude
over the foreign exchange is thus easily ex
plicable. The constant growth of the trade
balance indicates the increase of this country's
capital resources for investment. But it is
obvious that the placing of the investment is
purely a question of relative Interest rates.
The extraordinary financial operations in pro
gress in New York were again reflected to
day In the clearing-house exchanges, ¦which
reached the astounding aggregate of $445,241,
223. compared with tha previous record daily
clearing of $437,852,980 on one day of last week.
Operations in connection with the United States
Steel Company's finances are supposed to ac
count for these figruree.
The bond market became irregular to-day on
realizing in speculative issues. Total sales,
par value, $3,200,000.
United States refunding 2s declined % and
new 4s advanced hi. per cent on the last call:
A T czu York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clcse.
Wheat No. 2— J*;; ,.„,,
May 71 71% 70% 70%
July 71% 71% 70% 70%
Corn No. 2—
May* 1 .I'.'.'."'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 44" 44% 43% 44%
July 43% 44% 43% 43%
U^J. 0 :. 2 '..... 25% 25% S5U 25%
July 25% 25% 25% 25%
Mess pork, per barrel —
May .......... .... . . 14 15 14 22% 14 10 14 12%
July ..; 14 30 14 40 14 25 14 30
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May.... ...8 17% 8 20 8 12% 8 15
July 8 C7% 8 10 8 02% 8 05
September 8 02% 8 07% 8 02% 8 02%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
May 8 32%. 8 35 8 25 8 23
julv , 7 95 7 97% . 7 52% . 7 92%
September 7 92% 7 95 -7 87% 7 87%
Poultry, and Game.
' Supplies of Poultry continue ample and the
tendency is toward lower prices. Hens and
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50c®U 50 per box-.
Asparagus, $1 75@2 for fancy. $1 25@1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 60c@$l for No. 2; Green
Peas, $1@1 50 per sack; String Beans. 5@7c;
Cabbage, 50@60cr Tomatoes. L03 Angeles. $1 50
02 per crate: from Mexico. $1@1 23 per crate:
Egg Plant, Los Angeles. per ib ; | Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, per lb for Chile
an d for Bell; Dried Peppers, 12318c; Dry
Okra. 20@25c per lb; Carrots, 25@33c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 50ci? J t per dozen ; . Sum
mer Squash. $150 per box :- Garlic. 4@6c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, nominal.
ONIONS— Oregons, $3@3 35 per ctl; Nevada?,
$3® 3 50: Cut Onions, 50c@$l 25 per sack; Aus
tralians,' $3@3 75; . Green Onions, 35@50c | per
box. ¦ ¦ ¦
POTATOES— Early Rose, 70@90c: Burbanks,
40'QeOc for River and $1@1 20 for Oregon; Gar
net fchiles from Oregon, $1@1 15; Sweets, 50®
60c for Merced; New Potatoes, l@l%c per lb.
The Vegetable market is about as before
quoted, • the supply about balancing the de
mand.
The canners bought Asparagus at $1.
More White Onions from. San Leandro sold
at J3 per ctl. • ¦ • . ¦. ¦ .
Receipts were 1750 boxes Asparagus, 420 boxes
Rhubarb, ..629 sacks Bay Peas and 483 sacks
New Potatoes. •
Potatoes • and Onions . show no particular
change beyond a further advance In Oregon
Burbanks. Potatoes are very firm and Onions
are steady. . " \
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow,
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3 s 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%@8%c for Califor
nia and 1 9g9'/ic for Utah; Rape, 2@2%c; Hemp,
3%c; Timothy, 6%c.
* DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
White Beans rule very firm, and spot stocks
are reported smaller than for several years at
this time. ' Government bids for 30,000 pounds
were opened yesterday, and if the Govern
ment, following: its recent plan, takes more
than it advertised for a higher market is ex
pected. Limas are also very firm at the re
cent advance. Pinks continue plentiful and
weak. The other kinds show no change.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 70; Small White. $4 73
@4 90; Large White, *4@4 15; Pink. $1 75@1 90;
Red. $3@3 25; Blackeye, %2 75@3; Limas. $6 25
@6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 59 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
The continued dry weather has thus far had
no effect on the Hay market, though the feel
ing is very steady. Feedstuffs stand as be
fore.
BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-S16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17 50®18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; jobbing.
J26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, *25'fj;
25 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15@16.
HAY— Volunteer, $5@8: Wheat. $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12: Oat, $D@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8®9 50; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW — 35@47%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 23@3 50.
usual, terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25; Ore
gon, $2 75@2 S5 per barrel for family and $2 75®
3 for bakers': Washington bakers', $2 75@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50®3 75: Buckwheat Flour. *4©4 25;
Cracked -Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 15: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 10
@7 60; in sacks, $5 75@7 25: Pearl Barley, $5;
Fplit Peas, $5; Green' Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
22,000 ctls, 75c. ,
Second Session— December— 6000 ctls, 75c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
74%c; 12,000, 75c.
Afternoon Session — No sales. ,
OATS— Continue very firm, and large sales
have been made during the past several days.
White. $137%®150; Surprise, nominal; Red,
J132%f?145: Black. $1 15(gl 25 per ctl.
CORN— Offerings are neglected and prices
have not changed for some time. Yellow, $1 10
§115; White, $1 lttgl 15; Eastern Mixed, $112%
per ctl.
RYE— 80@82%c per ctl. The market continues
very quiet.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctls, ex-wharehouse.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2CC0 ctls,
ii C0%. December— 2C0O, $1 05%.
Second Session — December — 6000 ctls, $1 05%;
2(00, $1 05%. May— 4000, $1 C0%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 1000 ctls,
$1 C5K.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$105%. ... . -. ...
BARLEY— Dry weather, a stiff norther blow
ing in the , Sacramento Valley, light offerings
pnd a brisk demand are sending prices up and
tales at full figures were made. The feeling is
\ery firm.
Feed. 81U«g82%c for choice bright. 80c for No.
1 and 75@78%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 85@S7%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Chicago opened firm and a shade higher, with
a light demand, mostly speculative. The local
longs were fair buyers. A better, shipping and
milling demand was , reported for the low
grades. The weather for the next three or
l(-ur weeks is likely to be a factor. Brad
street's estimate gave an increase east of the
Kockies of 3,912,000 bushels, and a decrease
ufioat and in Europe of 800,000. leaving a total
decrease of 3,112,000 bushels. Toward the close
the crowd got afraid of carrying their wheat
over night and began to unload.
This market was quiet and not materially
changed.
Spot Wheats-Shipping. 98%c; milling, $1@1 05
per ctl.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet and nomin
ally quoted as before— 33s 9d and 35s, usual op
tions, according to size of carrier. The char
tered wheat fleet in port has a, registered ton
nage of 15,800, against 25,700 tons on the same
aate last year; disengaged, 63t0 tons, against
2505; on the way to this port, 180,000 tons,
arainst 21-1,300. *
WHEAT — Paris was easy, but Liverpool was
firmer. ¦ '
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....... — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — ,4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 43% @ 50
Exchange and .Bullion.
Last This Last
24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 44.49 47.31
Red Bluff ..0.00 22.67 20.56
Sacramento 0.00 17.50 16.40
San Krancisco , 0.00 IS. 99 17.89
Fresno ...J. 0.00 10.38 7.36
Independence 0.00 5.S0 2. SI
San Luis Obispo...........0.00 27.88 15.26
Los Angeles 0.00 14.17 '.5.71
San Diego .; .0.00 10.55 3.41
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
63; minimum, 45; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Washing
ton and Western Montana. It has risen over
Utah and Arizona. An. area of low pressure
overlies the valley of the Colorado. No rain has
fallen west of the Rocky Mountains except in
Utah and Northern Arizona.
the temperature has fallen In Southern Utah
and Arizona. Freezing temperature is reported
at Flagstaff.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, April 17:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, with
fog along the coast; light northerly winds in
the Interior; fresh westerly on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair 'Wednesday: light northerly
winds. ¦ ' %
Utah — Fair Wednesday; warmer; light north
erly winds.
Arizona— Light snow in extreme northern por
tion; cloudy in the southern portion Wednes
day; warmer Wednesday night.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
with fog in the morning; light southerly
changing to brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
BAN FRANCISCO. April 16-5 p. m.
OJCth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dete, as compared with those of the same date
Weather Report
Los Angeles summary— Frost damage last
week ¦was not general : apricots, walnuts and
vegetables were injured in some "localities, in
others not. Apricots are practically a failure;
peaches promise well. Haying. Is In progress;
early sown, good crop: late sown, drying up.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— Nearly normal
temperature has prevailed during the week.
Xo eevere frosts have occurred and no rain
has fallen, except a light shower in San Diego
County. Early sown grain continues in good
condition, but the later 6own must have rain
eoon to insure a crop. Haying is in progress in
some sections: the yield of hay will be heavy.
Apricots were seriously damaged by froets dur
ing the preceding week in Santa Barbara
County and other places, are on mar
ket In Ran Diego.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY— Generally clear
weather, with warm days and cool nights ac
companied by dry northerly wind, has pre
vailed during the past week. Frosts occurred
Qurte often during the early part of the week,
ceverely damaging almonds and apricots anl
in some sections vines. Peaches were damaged
considerably in some localities, but a fair crop
If expected. Other fruits were but slightly
da.maged. Rain Is badly needed In all sections.
The ground is generally too dry for the culti
vation of orchards and vineyards. Early sown
p-ain continues to look well in most sections,
but the late sown is generally suffering for
rain. Grain is heading out in some places.
Haying will commence next week and a good
crop is expected. Alfalfa is doing well. Stock
of all kinds is healthy and in good condition.
Green feed continues plentiful.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS-The tempera
ture has been above normal during the week
and no severe frosts have occurred since the
9ih. The continuance of dry winds and absence
of rain are seriously affecting crops in some
sections. Early wheat is in good condition,
but the late sown and pasturage need rain
very soon. Barley is heading out. The hay
crop will be heavy. Deciduous fruits were
considerably injured by frosts during thepre
ceaing week, although some sections report
that the Ices will be very light. Apricots,
peaches and almonds appear to have been most
fcerlously affected, but in places prunes, grapes
and walnuts were greatly damaged. The or
chards on high lands suffered lees than those
on the lower lands.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY— The weather has
been wanner than during the preceding weetc
and no severe frosts have been reported since
last Mor.day. Dry northerly winds have pre
vailed, and- as no rain has fallen during the
week the soil has become very dry. Late re
ports from the fruit districts state that while
considerable damage resulted from the frosts
of last week, the loss will not be as heavy
as then estimated. In portions of Placer
County there was no injury to fruit, and the
orchards on the -Sacramento and American
rivers were not seriously damaged. Good crops
are expected in those sections. The first
strawberries from Placer County and the first
cherries from Sola no County were shipped on
the 11th. Grain is still In fair condition, but
rain is needed.
The severe frosts of the preceding week,
though less injurious than at that time esti
mated, damaged all varieties of deciduous
fruits materially, especially in the central and
northern portions of the State. Some favored
localities escaped serious injury, but from
nearly all sections the reports continue very
discouraging. In some places it Is said the
apricot crop will be a failure, and peaches,
prunes, grapes and other fruits will yield a
very light crop. The first shipments of early
cherries and strawberries were made from the
Sacramento Valley during the week. Oranges
and calves were not injured by frost.
The temperature has been considerably high
er than during the preceding week and no in
jurious frosts ha\-« occurred since Tuesday
morning. With the exception of a light shower
in the vicinity of San Diego, no rain has fallen
during the week. Dry northerly winds have
continued in most sections. Fogs along the
coast have been beneficial to crops.
GENERAL SUMMARY,
The report of A. G. McAdie, section director
of the climate and crop section of the Weather
Bureau, for the week ending Monday. Is as
follows:
The Weather and Crops.
"There is a better feeling In apricots, due
largely to the recent buying: but quotations
are practically as they have been. Figs are
in rood demand and firm; dates quiet; apples
very dull; sun-dried apples are lower and
easy." ,
••The extreme weakness of the raisin market
led to some speculative buying yesterday of
California London layers. A well-known Job
ling house, which has been prominent of late
as a rather heavy buyer of apricots, purchased
4300 boxes of 3-crown layers from a local
holder, this transaction practically giving the
buyer, it Is understood, control of the bulk of
these goods on the sr-ot. The price was not
Biven out, but undoubtedly was considerably
under the market. The new holder asks $1 40.
"The cut of 2c on seeded raisins by the asso
ciation has affected the spot market for all
sorts of raisins, but the market is still so un
cetlted and there is so complete a lack of de
mand that it is practically impossible to quote
the actual market at the moment. California
loose Muscatels, however, can be bought with
out difficulty at 5%c for 2-crown, 5%c for i
crown and 6c for 4-crown, and very likely less
morey would be accepted.
"Demoralized conditions prevail at practically
all points in prunes and raisins. Excitement
quoted down somewhat yesterday, but general
conditions were about the same as on Wednes
day. The New York trade still gives little
evidence of any disposition to buy to any
extent either prunes or seeded raisins from
California at the reduced prices, while holders
of spot stocks, particularly raisins, are willing
to sell at almost any price at which they can
find a buyer. The spot situation on prunes is
a little better than on raisins, for the simple
reason that stocks are light. What trade is
doing is at i4@^c under prices at which sales
were made before the cut on the coast.
Latest mail advices from New York say
Fruit and Salmon in London.
The London Grocers' Gazette of March 30
¦aye:
"The market for salmon is without anima
tion, but prices ke*» steady, and with -more
suitable weather after the holidays & brisker
business is anticipated. The Etrathdon and
Alsternixe are both reported off the coast and
may be expected in at London shortly. The
former brings 55,000 cases and the latter 91,000
cares of Alaska.. The heavy quantities of
California fruit which have been arriving in
this country are to be further augmented by
the arrival of the Strathdcn with 35,000 cases
i.nd the Alstemixe vith 44.000* cases. 'While
the recent arrivals have practically all been
taken off the quays, resales have only beej
possible at prices considerably lower than those
originally paid by the sellers. In fact busi
ness has only been possible at a smart reduc
tion in prices."
Prunes and Raisins in New York.
* 1 ; ¦ " T
CHICAGO, April 16.— During the first two
hours the wheat market looked strong. The
weather maintained a seasonable perfection
and receipts were liberal it spring wheat
points, but on the other hand was a collection
of considerations mora potent, at least early,
when the " market advanced %c. Liverpool
showed appreciation of the advance here yes
terday and with this in mind opening bids
were from J / B c to %c improved for May, which
changed hands from 70%@71c. Bears hazarded
small lots and forced the market to 70%c a few
minutes later. The strength of the coarser
grains made itself felt afthls juncture, how
ever, and the bears ceased their operations and
covered later as addad incentives for so doing
were felt. Among these bullish Items were -a
report from Oklahoma that the crop of that
territory had been damaged 23 per cent by fly,
liberal seaboard clearances, a heavy visible
decrease and a prediction of frost for Kansas.
May rallied and advanced slowly to 71%c dur
ing the forenoon. The market was not strong
on the bulge, however, and when longs at
tempted to secure profits the price dropped
sharply to 70%<S7C%c. The close a moment
later found May %c under yesterday at 70%c.
Moderate • activity and a considerable degree
of strength, due 10 unfavorable . seeding
weather, characterized the corn market. May
clcstd %c higher at 44%c.
Oats were active and strong. May closed %c
higher at 25%c. . '
Provisions were quiet and easier, Influenced
by increasing hoe receipts and lower prices
for them. July pork ciosed 10c lower; lard,
12%c down and ribs 20c depressed. •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Chicago Grain Market.
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks ... 250)
¦ FOR TUESDAY. APRIL IS.
Flour, qr sks 12,960 Hides, No 537
Wheat, ctls 63.665 Wine, gals 63,400
Barley, ctls ..... 6,370 Tallow, ctls .... 2P9
Potatoes, sks 1.900 Sugar, ctls 5,000
Bran, sks S.240 Lime, bbls 1S2
Middlings, sks .. 400 Quicksilver, fisfcs 272
Hay. tons 471 Raisins, bxs 1,630
Wool, bales 346 j Leather, rolls ... 163
Pelts, bdls 503'
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: PIn».
ordinary sizes, $18@19; extra sizes, hisrher: Red
wood, $1S@19; Lath. 4 feet, $3 9004: Pickets. $20;
Shingles. $2 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rustic,
$2S©29.
Crushed, 6.C5c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.63c: Dry Granulated, 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.53c; Magnolia A, 5.15c; ixt/a C.
5.C5c; Golden C. 4.95c; barrels, 10c more:> half
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. &30c: boxes. 6.65c per lb.
OILS — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c; pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
71c; raw. 69c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c: case3, S5c: China
Nut, 55@65c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whal»
Oil. natural white. 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
Oil. barrels, 35c; cases. 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
l"c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19c; Astral. 19c: Star.
lfc; Extra Star, 23c: Elaine. 24c: Eocene. 2le:
deodorized stove- Gasoline. In bulk. 15c; In
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases. 20c;
Sf-de^ree Gasoline. In bulk. 20c: in cases. 26c.
SALT— H. R. H. Is quoted at $13 73 per ton in
If rge sacks and $19 75 in 50s. Liverpool In
quoted at $17018 50 for the best and .'.Otfns 25
for lower grades. Higgrins'. $27 50@2O per ton.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%®
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7'3T»<-. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50(347 per flask for local
use and $43 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In ICO-lb bags:
LEATHER— ¦Sole, heavy. 2S@32c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium. 261130c: Sole Leather, light.
25@2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc: Rough
Leather, llarht. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
38® 39c for No. 1 and 30«33c fcr No. 2; Harness
Leather, medium, 30@37c: Harness Leather,
lieht. 29i@35c; Skirting. 36t?4Oc: Collar Leather.
15(gl6c per foot: Kip. unfinished. 40©50c per lb:
Veal, finished, 50®55c: Calf, finished. 73c@$l 20:
Sides, finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14<ai6c; Rough Splits. 8©10c per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground $26@23 per ton; Stick.
$1S(S2O per cord.
BAGS— Calcuttas are weakening under the dry
weather. £an Quentin Bags, |5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bars. 6%c: local make. V»e less than
Calcuttas: Wool Bags. 30©34c; Fleece Twine.
BANNED FRUITS-Extras In 2%-lb Mna are
quoted as follows: Apricots. $1 50: .Cherrlea.
$¦> for black and $2 for Hoyal Anne: Crapes.
« 35- Peaches. 65c®$l 75: Pears. $1 85: Plurns.
U 35&1 40: Quinces? M <S; Strawberries $1 .0.
COAL-Welllnjrton. W per ton; Southfleld
WelMngton. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay $5 50 Wallsend. J9; Co-operative Waiis
wd. $£ Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 2o Jn
sacks* Pennsylvania. Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
npl. 110 per ton: Coke. *15 per ton in bulk and
$17 In sacks : Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$S 45 per 20C0 pounds and $3 50 per ton. accord
lD CORDAaE^- The local cordage company
quoles as follows: Pure Manila, 13%o pw ft:
cases, regular. 5.50c: do. extra large 57ac. do.
Eastern style, 6.25c: Boneless, .c:^ Norway.
7c; "Narrow Gauge." 7c; ••Silver King." 7^,c:
blocks. -Oriental." 6%c: do •****«". .c.
tablets. 7%c; middles. 7y,e; do. "White Seal.
8%c; 5-lb boxes fancy. Boneless. 9c: 2-lb boxe*.
do 7%c; desiccated, per dozen. 75c: Pickled
Cod. barrels, each. $7 73; do. half-barrels, each.
Rica— 14%®13%c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12%®14c for prime
washed; U®12c for good washed: MH®«c for
good, to prime washed peaberry; ll@U%c for
good to prime peaberry ; 10%®U%c for good to
prime- 9<@10c for good current mixed witn
black 'beans; 9@10c for fair; 6@73ia for common
°Salvador — 13%@13%o for strictly prims
washed: 9@12}fcc for good to prime washed;
8%@S%c for fair washed; 11®12%c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 8%@9c for good to
prime semi-washed: 8%@S 7 <,c for superior un
washedj 8%@8%c for good green unwashed:
10<51G%c for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 6@7%c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 12%©l5%c nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 9(311%c nominal for fair to
strictly good washed: 7%@8%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed: 9%@10c nominal for
good -to prime unwashed pea berry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 12®16c for prime to
fancy washed; 10%t?ll%c for strictly good
washed- 9%@10%c for good washed: 8?i'f?9%c
for fair washed; 7%®S%c for medium: 6@7%c
for Inferior to ordinary; ll@13c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%@10%c nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: 8%@S%c
nominal for good to superior unwashed.
General Merchandise.
ISO* to ZS lbs, 6%®6%c: 225 and over, 6®6%c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8%®9%c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Exchange as before quoted. Silver iveaker.
Wheat and Wheat freights quiet. )
Barley higher and in improving demand.
Oots very firm and selling freely) :
Corn and Rye dull at previous prices.
No change in Hay and Feedstuff s.
White Beans in small supply and firm.
Potatoes firm at a further advance in Oregons. Onions steady.
Poultry market zvell supplied and weak.
First Cherries of the season arrived from Vacaville.
Oranges firm. Nine cars to be auctioned to-day.
Lemons and Limes in good supply and weak.
Provisions quieter and easier. Barreled Beef lower.
Hops very firm, with unusually light stocks.
Wool inactive and unchanged. Hides dull and accumulating.
Veal, Mutton and Lamb declining. Beef steady and Hogs firm.
Dried Fruit, Nuts and Raisins locally very quiet.
Local stocks and bonds not very active.
Grain Bags weakening under dry weather.
More dianges in Pacific Codfish.
Fractional changes in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 16.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances' in." the. general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
NEW YORK, April 16.— Money on call firm,
4@6 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; ruling rate,
5% per cent. Sterling exchange ¦ firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 SS for
demand and $4 84%@4 8t% for sixty days; posted
rates. J4 S5%@4 S9;. commercial bills, . $4 84@
4 84%. Silver certificates, 60c. Bar silver,
5S%c . Mexican; dollars, 4Sc. State bonds,
steady: Government bonds. Irregular;' railroad
bonds, irregular.
Nezu York' Money Market.
CLOSING
LONDON, April 16.— Atchison, 66%; Canadian
Pacific, 97; Northern Pacific preferred, 96%:
Grand Trunk, 8%: Anaconda, 11%; Rand mines,
41-*. • • ¦ . • .
Bar silver, steady, 27 l-16d per ounce.
Money, 3@3% per cent.
New York bought copper shares by cable.
This was before the New. York opening and
Wall-street representatives were paying free
ly for calls on Anaconda. % for the end of May
and "A for the end of June, but this stock
relapsed later with the rest of the American
list and with tintos, which went off on London
selling. The fortnightly statistics in copper
showed a decrease of 629 tons in stocks and
954 tons in supplies. It is rumored that . the
Amalgamated Company is absorbing Avlno.
Mexican rails were pursuing the same up
ward course rthat they took yesterday.
The bank has bought £74,000 of gold In bars
and half a miflion sovereigns j were shipped
from Calcutta to-day.
Trading on the, stock exchange to-day was
narrow and the tone was weakening under the
shadow of the Impending budget. American
shares were stagnant, dragging down to the
very close of the day that was featureless.
There was some talk of active money in New
York and of the threatened steel strike. The
shares of the United States Steel Corporation
relapsed two points to 47c on the fear of trou
ble.
NEW YORK, April 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Money — .Bonds — J
Call loans 3 @4 Atchison 4s ..102
Time loans 3%@4% N E Gas & C os.. 65%
Stocks— - Mining Shares—
A T & S Fe 65 Adventure 15%
A T & S Fe prefd 93 Bingham M Co 26%
American Sugar... 149% Amalg Copper ....125
Am Sugar prefd.. 123 Atlantic 33%
Am Telephone 174% Boston & Mont 443
Boston & Albany.. 264 Butte & Boston. ..114
Boston & Maine. 195 Calumet & Hecla.S35
Chgo B & Q 194% Centennial 28%
Dominion Coal 36 Franklin 18%
Dom Coal lprefd.,112% Humboldt 25
Fitchburg prefd... 145 Osceola 87%
Ed Elec 111 240 Parrot 55%
N E Gas & Coke.. 11 Quincy 185
Old Colony 209 S Fe Copper 5%
Old Dominion 34% Tamarack 345
Rubber 21 Utah Mining 36%
Union Pacific 93% Winona 4%
West End 98 Wolverines 53
Westinghouse El.. 64% ¦ :
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief .... 14
Alice 35 Ophlr S2
Breece 1 35 Ontario 8 75
Brunswick Con . 20 Phoenix C8
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosl 07
Con Cal & Va 2 30 Savage 10
Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada 30
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 60 Standard 4 00
Leadville Con 05
CLOSING BONDS
100 Iowa Central prefd '.. 62=4
Lake Erie & Western 61
Lake Erie & Western prefd 125
Lake Shore 230
9,000 Louisville & Nashville W4 l i
31,500 Manhattan Elevated » 127%
S7.&00 Metropolitan Street Railway 173%
7,100 Mexican Central 24%
1,200 Minneapolis & St Louis 85}i
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 112
16,300 Missouri Pacific ...103%
3«"iO Mobile & Ohio 82%
17.100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 28?i
61.9C0 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 62
100 New Jersey Central '.. 15o l i
13.100 New York Central. 150%
3.S0O Xorfolk & Western 52^
Norfolk & Western, prefd 86>4
108,600 Northern Pacific, ex div 103 3 4
12,100 Northern Pacific prefd.: 97%
11,100 Ontario & Western 34%
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
19.200 « Pennsylvania 157^4
9.100 Reading Sr,%
11.100 Reading 1st prefd < 76>4
11,000 Reading 2d prefd 52%
Rio Grp.nde Western 79
Rio'Grande Western prefd IPO
7,000 St Lauis & San Francisco 43 _
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S2M»
3, ICO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67%
2.200 St Louis, Southwestern >.. 36',-j
3.300 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 64
25.100 St Paul ..• 1*4%
400 St Paul rrefd — 19 \-
St Paul & Omaha HO
11,800- Southern Pacific jw%
7.3C0 Southern Railway 28%
9.200 Southern Railway prefd S>1
1C.6C0 Texas & Pacific 42V6
33,600 Union Pacific 93*fe
3,200 Union Pacific prefd f. • 85%
1.200 Wabash 20
3,900 Wabash prefd ?9'.j
400 Wheeling & Lake Erie 19
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 34V4
13.S00 Wisconsin Central 20%
100 Third Avenue ««„
300 Baltimore & Ohio pref 90%
100 National Tube Co, t r 66%
National Tube Co pref, t r 118
Express Companies—
Adams •_• 16 °
American 1"'
1,800 United States wm
...:... Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
1,100 American Cotton Oil 26
American Cotton Oil pref 84
100 American Malting 5%
100 American Malting pref 2o%
14.900 Am Smelting & Refining 62H
7.1C0 Am Smelting & Refining pref 96Vi
American Spirits, nom 2%
American Spirits pref, nom 17
Am Steel Hoop, t r, nom 46^4
Am Steel Hoop pref, t r, nom 95
600 Am Steel & Wire, t r 47V6
Am Steel & Wire pref, t r, nom — 110%
Am Tin Plate, t r, nom 76
Am Tin Plate pref, t r, nom 117
23,700 American Tobacco 129V4
200 American Tobacco pref 146
43,200 Anaconda Mining Co 52%
23,600 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83
27.900 Colorado Fuel & Iron S5%
1,'CO Continental Tobacco 47'/i
700 Continental Tobacco pref 105
Federal Steel, t r 53
Federal Steel pref, t r 102
800 General Electric , 227
1,200 Glucose Sugar 52%
Glucose Sugar pref 9B>4
700 International Paper 26
700 International Paper pref ~9\b
Laclede Gas 85
100 National Biscuit 39V4
National Biscuit pref 96
2,300 National Lead 18%
700 National Lead pref S3%
SCO National Steel, t r 57
National St.ee! nref, t r 116
I 4C0 New York Air Brake .161
100 North American 86^
Pacific Coast 53
Pacific Coast 1st pret 90
Pacific Coast 2d pref 63
400 Pacific Mail 36%
29,700 People's Gas t... 113%
7.C0O Pressed Steel Car 47%
2,200 Pressed Steel Car pref So%
300 Pullman Palace Car 212%
200 Standard Rope & Twine 4%
74,900 Sugar ' 149%
Sugar pref 123
9,200 Tenn Coal & Iron 6S%
17.5C0 United States Leather Uhi
5,200 United States Leather pref 7S%
1,200 United States Rubber 21%
300 United States Rubber pref 61
15.500 Western Union 93V2
214,400 Ama! Copper 125V4
3,100 Republic I & T Co 20%
• 1,500 Republic I & T Co pref 76%
P C c & st L 60
96,400 United States Steel 46%
67,600 United-States Steel r5ref 94Vi
1,817,400 total sales.
MINING STOCKS.
U S 2s ref reg 106% N YC lsts 107%
Do coup .........106% N J C gen 5s 132%
Do 3s reg 110% No Pacific 3s 72%
Do 3s coup .111% Do 4s 105%
Do new 4s reg.. 138% N W C & S L 4s.. 107%
Do new 4s coup. 139% Nor & W con 4s.. 101%
Do old 4s reg. ...113% Or Nav lsts.. ......109
Do old 4s coup.. 113% Do 4s 105
Do 5s reg..: 110'4 Or Short Line 6s.. 128
-Do 5s coup 111% Do con 5s 116
Dist of Col 3.65s.. 124% Reading Gen 4s 95%
Atchison gen 4s... 102 Rio G W lsts 101%
Do adj 4s 95% S L & I M con 5s. 115%
Canada Sd 2ds....lO7% S L & S F gen 6s. 131%
Ches & O"4%s .106H St Paul con 190»<.
Do 5s 121^2 St P C & P fsts..HSVi
C & N W con 7s.. 142 Do 5s 120%
Do S F deb 5s. .124 So Pacific 4s 92%
Chicago Term 4s.. 96 So Railway 5s 116%
Colo So 4s 88 Stand R & T 6s.... 59
D & R G 4s 102 Tex & Pac lsts.... 119"^
Erie Gen 4s 89 Do 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts. .104% Union Fac 4s 105%
Gen Electric 5s. ...185% Wabash lsts 120
Iowa Central lsts. 117 Do 2ds 110%
L & N unified 4s. 102% West Shore 4s 114%
M K & T 2ds 81 Wis Cen lsts 89%
Do 4s 98% Va Centuries 95%
NEW YORK, April 16.— There were no new
features in the evaporated apple .market to
day. Demand ,was of moderate proportions at
old prices. State, common, 3<S'4c; prime, 4}4
@4%c; choice, 6@5%c; fancy, 6@6^c.
California dried fruits ! ruled Inactive.
Prunes were nominally quoted at 3%@7c per
pound, as to size and quality. .
. APRICOTS— Royal, 7» / £@12c; Moorpark, 8%
@13c. ' ' ,,.
PEACHES-Peeled, 12^@20c; unpeeled, 5%
@10c. '
Dried Fruits in New York.
NEW YORK, ' April 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,019 barrels; exports. 4467.. Firm and more
active at a shade higher prices In some in
stances. Minnesota patents, $3 90@4 20; Winter
extras. $2 43@2 80.
WHEAT— Receipts. "37,050 bushels. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red, 79140 f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red, J614C elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
83»ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 83c
f. o. b. -afloat. Options were firm all the
forepart of the day on export rumors of a.
generally good cash demand West, heavy sea
board clearances again, fears of cold weather
working down .into winter wheat .States,
steady cables, some prominent buying West
and local covering. A sharp break finally oc
curred under realizing, however, and the clo3e
was easy at %c net decline. May, 76%(0 ; 7 7 % c '
closed 76?sc: July, 76%@77V&c, closed 76%c;
September. 75%<§76 3-16c, closed 75%c.
HOPS— Steady. , .
HIDES— Firm.
AVOOL— Dull. ' . ¦ '
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull: No. 7 Invoice, 6%c;
mild, steady; Cordova. 8U@12%c. . Coffee fu
tures closed quiet, with prices net unchanged
to 5 points lower. Total sales -were 29,000
bags, including: May, 5.S0@5.35c; July. 5.50c;
August, 5.60c; September, 5. 65@5.70c; Decem
ber, 5.85c; January, 5.85c, and May. 6@6.05c.-
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 9-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test 4 3-32.@4%c; molasses
sugar, 3 ll-32c; refined, firm. . •
BUTTER— Receipts, . 4500 packages. Steady;
fresh creamery, 16@21c; factory. ll^@13%c.
EGGS-Recelpts, 24,500 packages. Firm;
Western regular packing, 14@14%c; do stor
age, 14*£c. .¦¦> , ¦
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
j Nezv York Grain and Produce.
V ¦ • ¦ .1
in the 'division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $153,121,713; gold, $98,19!), 547.
Beef Is steady and unchanged. Small Veal
Is off Slightly, and Mutton and Lamb are also
rather lower with increasing supplies. Hogs
continue scarce and firm. ¦ ,_. „ „
BEEF — 7@8c for Steers and 6@.c per lb for
C °VEAL— Large, "SSc; small, 8#9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8S8%c; Ewes, 7%@Sc per
P °LAMB— Spring, 9®3%c per pound.
PORK— Live Hoss. ISO lbs and under. 6Sc;
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hops are very firm. Stocks are said to be
smaller than for many years at this date,
beinr from 1000 to 1500 bales In all hands.
Buyers are bidding ll®12cfor new crop in the.
country, but are meeting with poor success, as
these figures are below the views of growers.
Hides continue weak and %c above the parity
of the Eastern markets, and salted stock con
tinues to accumulate. Dry Hides alone are
meeting with a fair demand. Tallow is firm,
with a eood local and export inquiry.
Wool continues inactive and prices show no
chanse. !
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9V4c: medium, 8%c: light. '8c. Cow
Hides. 8Vic for heavy ajid 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9c: Salted
Calf. 10c: Drv Hides, lo^c; dills. 13c; Dry
Kip. 15c; Dry Calf. 16c; Culls and Brands. 12®
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15^25c each; short
Wool. 20@40c each: medium. 50(4 65c; long Wool.
75c(S$l each; Horse Hides, Bait, IZ 50 for large
and $2®2 25 for medium, $l@l 25 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large,
$1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2.
3%@4c: grease, 2@2V4c.
WOOL — Spring. 19C0 or 1901 — Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 15<S16c per lb: Northern, free. 12®
13c- defective, ~9ftllc; Middle County, free. 10®
lie: do, defective, S(glOc; Southern. 12 months,
g@9c: Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do, de
fActive 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine.
15W16c: do, medium and coarse, 14@15c: Oregon,.
Eastern, choice. 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9®Uc;
* HOP&-15©20c' per lb.
COTTOLENE — One ¦ half -barrel, 894c; three
half-barrels, 8Uc: one tierce, S%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half -barrels,
pure. 10%c; 10-lb tins, lVAc; 6-lb tins. ll%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy. 12V^43>13c for light medium. 13Hc for
light, 141,4c for extra light and 15%c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess. $12 50; Fam
ily, $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $15(315 50; extra
clear, $22 50; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 14c per
lb.
Dealers are reporting a quieter market and
say that top prices have probably been touched,
as the advance has cut down the consump
tion very much. There is a point beyond
which the public refuse to go. and that point
has apparently been reached. Pork products
are no lower, but barreled Beef is off slightly.
There is a feeling of easiness throughout the
whole market.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13H@14c for bright and 12M
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7®7%c; light amber extracted, 5@6c;dark, 4@
5c per lb.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
NUTS — Chestnuts, 8(§>10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12@lSc
for papershell. 9SHc for softshell; Peanuts,
5<@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. U@lHic; Fil
berts, 12@-12Hc; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuis,
S3 50(55.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7%c for - Royals and
8%@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
S^igSc; sun-dried, l%@2c; Peaches, 3@3*4c for
standard, 4®5c for choice and 5@6c for fancy;
Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3&@5c; unpltted,
l@l%c; Nectarines, 4@4*4c for red and 4@3c
for white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 2c: 30-40s, — ;
40-50s, 3%c; 50-COs, 3%c; 60-70s, 2%c; 70-80s, 2\ic;
80-9Cs, l%c: 90-lOOs, .l%c; 100-12Cs, IVjC. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more dis
crimination being made.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas — Fancy, 10 Vic per lb;
choice, 9%c; standard, 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6iAc; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6\Lc; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5ViC and
4-crown. S'^c; seeded (Fresno prices). 5c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
The local market for everything under .this
head is dull, though a good many Prunes are
being shipped East from interior packing
points. The condition of the New Tork mar
ket for fruits and Raisins will be seen In the
Four boxes of Cherries, the first of the sea
son, came in from Vacaville and sold at $3
per box. The shippers were Lee Gates, 2
boxes; Robinson Bros., 1 box, and Mrs. P.
Lyons, 1 box. -
Nine cars of Oranges will. be offered at to
day's auction. The Orange market Is quite
firm, and extra brands of Navels are bringing
$2 25. Stocks are not heavy.
Lemons and Limes are In ample supply and
weak. Bananas are firm, with moderate of
ferings.
Strawberries were lower again, though ar
rivals were not excessive.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
STRAWBERRIES—$7@10 per chest for Long
worths and $r@7 for large berries. Receipts
were 1SS chests.
APPLES— $1<&2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 75c@J2;
Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines, 50c@$l 23; Lem
ons, 50c©$l for common and $1 25@2 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes.
$4 50; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per bunch; Pine
apples, 75c@$2 per dozen.' t '
Dried Fruits, Niits and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 16c; specials, higher;
firsts, 15c; seconds, .
Dairy— Extras, lie; firsts, 14%c; seconds. ;
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9%c;. choice.
9c; common, nominal; Toung Americas, 10 J ,£c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected "White. 16c; mixed
colors, 15c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 14c; standard,
13c; seconds, .
BUTTER— Creamery. 17@17Hc per lb for
fancy and 16@16%c for seconds; dairy, 14@16c
CHEESE— Choice mild. new. 9&@10c; old, 8c
per lb.
, EGGS— Ranch, 15%@17c for good to fancy;
store. 14® 15c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
Stocks of Butter continue ample for all cur
rent needs, and though receipts are heavy the
northern demand and local packing keep stocks
from getting too unwieldy.
Cheese is quoted firm.
While there Is no particular decline inj Egg9
the reeling is more or less easy, though there
Js an Increasing demand for the medium ana
lower grades. Receipts are free.
Fractional advances in several descriptions of
Butfer, Cheese and Eggs were made en tne
Dairy Exchange.
Receipts were 106,900 pounds and 147 tubs of
Butter. 1649 . cases Eggs, 3S5 cases Eastern
Eggs, 6205 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
very small broilers are especially '^ eak /
Young. Roosters are steady, and In demand, a
car of Eastern came In. ,
Game is nominal, with insl&niflcant receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 75: Ducks. $*©«
for old, and J6@7 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@a.
young Roosters. $6 50@7 50; old Roosters, 53 oU
®4 50; Fryers. J5@5 50; Broilers. $4®4 50 for
large and $2@3 50 for small: Pigeons. $3 per
dozen for old and $2 50®2 75 for Squabs. ;
GAME— Gray Geese,- $3; White Geese. $1.
Brant, 11 50; English Snipe, $3; Jack Snipe.
$1 50; Hare. $1@1 25; Rabbits. $1 23 for Cotton
tail and 75c@$l for Brush.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed new, 4s
Id: do old,. 4s 2%d. Futures, quiet; May, 4a
Hd; July, 3s ll%d; September, 3s HVid.
WHEAT- Spot, dull; No. 1 California. 6s l%d;
No. 2 red Western winter, 5s 10%d; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s %d. Futures, quiet; May,
5s 9^d; July, Es 9%d.
LIVERPOOL, April 16.— Wheat, quiet; No. -1
standard California. 6s l%d— 6s 2d; wheat in
Paris, barely steady; flour in Paris, -barely
steady; French country markets, quiet; weatr
er In England, showery.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-22d. )
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 16.— Consols', 95#: ' silver.
27 1-16d;. French rentes, lOlf 12%c; cargoes on
passage, white quiet, red easy; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 29s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, -29s l*fcd; . English country markets,
quiet. .
Foreign Markets.
j PORTLAND, April 16.— In the Portland
wheat market the ruling quotation was about
57c, although some of the . dealers were not
inclined to go above E6%c for Walla Walla.
Bluestem was nominally two cents higher.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 16.— Wheat unchanged. Blue
stem, 59c; club, 56%c.
OREGON'.
PORTLAND. April 16.— Clearings, $357,449
balances, 3£>,1SO. •
- Northern Wheat Market. '
Portland's Business.
Australia, scoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing, superfine nominal, 6S@70c; good, 64@63c;
average, 60@63c.
Territory, scoured ba-sis — Montana, fine me
dium and fine 14@15c, scoured 42@43c, staple
45<g46c; Utah, Wyoming and Idaho, fine medium
and fine 12@14c. scoured 40@42c; staple, 44@45c.
BOSTON, April 16.— Business has been slower
In the wool market this week, but prices re
main steady. "Dealers are under the impression
that.- although the market is not ready to
advance prices, yet the outlook is bright. Ter
ritory wools continue to meet with most at
tention. Fine medium and fine scoured, staple
in. is quoted at 41@43c and the strictly, staple
article calls for 44®4oe. Quotations:
Boston Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000; lambs, slow; shorn
lambs.' up to $5 15; good to choice -wethers.
J4 75@5; fair to choice mixed, $4.5004 73; "West
ern sheep, $1 73£io; -yearlings, $4 75@5; native
lambs, $4 75C(x5 35; Western lambs, $5@5 35.
and butchers, $5 85® 6 12%; good to choice
heavy, $6@6-20; rough heavy. $3 S5@5 95; light,
$5 »WS 05; bulk of saiss, $5 95@6 10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Nine.
Bay C P C Sa.ioyvi — Oak W Co 5s. 102 —
Cal-st Cab 5S.117. — Oceanic SS 53.104 —
C C Water 5*.109«. a — Om C P 6a.... 125% —
E L & P 63:.12SV4133% Pac G Imp 43 — —
P A Cl Ry 63.115 — Pk & Cl R 63.103 —
G«ary-st R 5s. — — Pk & O R 6s. 117 —
Haw C o^s.. .106% — iPowell-stR 63.120 —
Haw C 5s 102 102H S E G A R 5s — 101
L A R R 5s.. 112 113^1 S F <fc SJV 53.1LS';m
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
. Bid. Ask I Bid. Ask.
4s coupon 113%114% 4s coup (new).133i»414O
4s registered. ..113%1M '3s quar coup..lll^ll2!i
The Spring: Valley Water Company has de
clared a dividend of 42c per share, payable on
the 20th.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. April 18—2 p. ra.
X^CITED STATES BO*fDS.
The Alaska Treadwell Mining Company has)
declared the usual quarterly dividend of 37Hc
per share, amounting to $75,000. payable on the
Stth.
The California Fruit Canners' Association has
declared the usual monthly dividend of 60c per
share, payable on the 2Cth.
Trading was better In the afternoon. Giant
Powder advanced to $73, Gas and Electric to
$43 and Onomea to $27 50. Alaska Packers sold
at $124.
The oil stocks were quiet and not materially
cljanged.
An advance- In Giant Powder to $73 was th«
only change on the morning: session of the Pond
Exchaiig-e. Business was light.
THE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO; April ., IS.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3000: generally steady; good to prime steers,
J5@6; poor to medium.- $3 90@4 95: stockers and
feeders, J2 75<?4 75; cows. $2 75(?4 60; heifers,
{2 SC@4 75; canners. {2 10@2 75; bulls, $2 80@4 50;
calves, '' $3 75®5 25; Texas fed steers. $4 25@5 35;
grassers, S3 50@4:. bulls. $2 7o@3 90. ' ¦ • '
HOGS — Receipts " to-fley, 20,000; •' to-morrow,
23,000; left over, 3000; weak; top, 36 20; mixed
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW ORLEANS, April 16.— COTTON—
Steady; middlings, SVse.
PARIS.
8
AUCTION SALES
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE.
By Order of Assignee.
Of Contents ot SALE AND LIVERY STABLE
Located at
mi) TOLSOM STREET.
TO-MORUOW.
THURSDAT IS
At U O'Clock.
Stock consists of 12 Work and Driving
Horses. 10 Open Bugsies, 7 Top Bug;
Kiev. 8 Carts. 4 Surreys. 2 Hacks. a
Top Rockawaj-s. 2 Wagonettes. 3 R uT> ~
ber-tlred Buggies. 1 O'Brien Patent Sprins
Pneumatic Tire RoadJ Buggy, only us?d a few
times (cost $330 three months aso). has poia
and shafts: 49 Sets Work and Bursy Harness.
4 Saddles. 100 Extra Collars. Lot Wheels. Top.
etc.: 2, Chests of Tools.
Sale rain or »hine. as everythlnff positively
must be sold on this date.
S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
Ei-day offers greater inducaments for the profitable ic- J K?
stment of money tUan any other portion of the world. | B
Never has capital been so alive to this condition •->£ | m
?airs as it is now in San Francisco, the financial center 1 fi
id metropolis of the "West. \ £§
The incorporating of the West-Coast Investment Com- | W
iny has bsen the means of getting together and combin- | S
g interests and properties never on sale bafore, •which a
ill yield from five to fifteen per cent. * 1 W
W'3 have to offer Bonds — Income Country and City. I Eg
operty— valuable Oil, Mineral and other lands. ConS- 1 fil
intial correspondence solicited. Send for prospectus. 33 ££
NEST-COAST INVESTMENT CO., 1 1
(18 PHEL.AN BUILDINC, San Francisco, Calif. £f M
¦ • s -^>s»-^ r- KJOLYMPIC CLUB BOXERS ROUT
A SMALL BUT OFFENSIVE
ARMY.
HOTEL ARBIVAIiS.
PALACE
J Leavltt. Boston
Mrs Myrick. Boston
Miss Myrlck, Boston
J Mayberry, Chicago
T Williams, S Rafael
A F Halpln, USA
D Thornton, London
Mrs Bressan, N Y -
G Mason, Los Ang
Mrs Stevenson, Menlo
A Mohler, Portland
G McCarty. Mexico
J R Tarman, Los Ang
J Qulnn. Arizona
M Connell & w, Seattl
H Clifford & w, Prsct
• C Boggs & w, Tacma
H Klein, Helena
H Knapp & w, ' Napa
L C Barnard. Chlcgo
J Redding, N Y
G L Holmes, Chicago
P Costello, N Y
H Costello, N Y
M Aldrich, Boston
W Rifflngton, N Y ¦
Miss Rifflngton, N Y
J B Patton, N Y
W E Keller, Philadel
L W Andrews. L Ang
W Klngman. Illinois
L K Bell, Illinois
L H Porter, Kans Cy
J McGuire & w, K Cy
J Williams & w, L Ag
Mrs Egan. Chicago
Miss L Egan, Chcgo
Miss M Egan, Chicgo
Miss B Egan, Chicago
Miss A Egan, Chicago
M J Egan. Chicago
P Wenenak, Los An*
Mr Van Deulugh & w.
Los Angeles . ¦
Mrs Campbell, Denver
Miss Campbell, Denvr
A Kealman, Snta Brb
H C Hannan, Denver
GRAND
F M Branch. Portland
L P Wllcox, Chicago
F A Boole, Sanger
R Sadler, Nevada
Lieut Otter, Eureka
E McLautrhlln. Eurka
S. Caldwell, Eureka
J B Tilly, Arcata
Mrs Tilly, Arcata
O Hanson, Fortuna.
G Zartman, Tulare
Zoe Zartman. Brkley
H Lewis, 'Los Ang
L Blasingame, Fresno
Miss Munn, Fresno
J Corbett, Tucson
J Mets, Tucson
J Atkinson, S Maria
G Schwinn,- Huron
S Wagoner, S Jose
W TInnen, Fresno :
F Antenrieth. Treka
A Collar, Yreka
J T Coyle, S Jose '
a F Dltzler, Biggs ;
W J Mayer,. Chicago
F R Thayer, Chicago
A Sylvester. S Bosa
M Davis & w. S Rosa
Miss . Rumsey. . Chigo
HOTEL.
Miss Cooper.- Denver
J Little &.w, Indiana
W Burnett & w N J
Mr WardvlIIe & w.NY
L Cochran, Boston
D Jones, Tacoma
Mrs Leonard & m, NT
S Lockwood Jr, N Y
C Kaufman & w, S R
W Jackson & w, N- J
E Hale & w, Sacto
Mrs Hammond. Del
Rev Van fichier, Aubn
J D Carr, Hanford
Mrs Dexter, Denver
D Weynn, USX*
S Weiss, NY
Mrs Hawley, NY
Miss Hawley, N Y
Miss Schwedersky, NY
Mrs Homer, Spencer
G Eastman. Bakersflld
E Dunn, .Indiana
J M Dunn, Chicago
J Atwater, Chicago
E Gennlngton, Corns
J Phybe &, N Y
Mrs Welch, Philadel
Miss Welch, Philadel
Miss Smith, Phlladol
Mrs Pettibone, Chicag
Mrs H.Pettlbone, Chg
Mr» R Pettibsr.e, Chg
F P Potter, Chicago
Mrs Dr Parron, L Ag
Miss De Parron, L Ag
Mrs J HiU, Chicago
L Phelps. Chicago
G Wright, Chicago
W Jeffrey, Chicago
H Evans, Chicago
G Pegmong, U S N
E O Miller, Fresno
R.Coleman. Salt Lake
FPW Cole. NY
li L Gray, Fresno £j '
N Harris, Yakama
E D Laurler, Butte '
HOTEL. ;
2 £ arne y. Marysville
E Tueker, , Orovllle i
F Meyers, Cincinnati
J Bailey, . Worcester .
J Flanagan, Mndocno
J Forth & w, NY ¦
J wlnton, Vallejo
G.Wright. Alameda
M Jacobus, N Jersey •
E Simpson. Mass
J Craig, w & f , Wdld
H McWlllIam, Stktn
F Barencki. Vallejo
Mrs Barencki,- Vallejo
M E Biggs, St Louis
H F Walton, Fresno
Mrs Edwards. Merced
Mrs Faucher,- Merced
C Edwards, Merced
L R Faucher, Merced
E ¦ Stone. Marysville
W Hoagland & w. Pa
Miss Hoagland, Pa Q
F Dixon & w,- S Jose
J Chrichton, Los Ang
J H Garber. Salinas
G W Crystal, Vacavle
Mrs Rieketts, S Jou
N J Rieketts, S Jose
J Rumsey & w, ¦ Cbgo
L A-r. Co 6s. — 102 S R of Cal 6a—. —
Do gnted 6sl — 104 S P^of A 6s
Do gntd 5s.. 99% - (1909) 112%U3H
LAPRR 58.102% - Do (1910) .... - MK
Do 1st C os.,101 - S P C 6s U905.
Market-st C 6a — 12S Series A) .. .106J4 —
Do 1st C 5S.122 — Do(Series B)107% —
N C NGRIa- 113% Do (1906) ....110 —
N R of Cal 6s.Ul — Do (1912) — -t- ; —
N R of Cal 5s. - 119% S P C 1st g 5S.106J4 -
N P R R 6S..10U4 — S P Br R 6s...l32%133%
N P R R,5s..l08%108%|S V Water 68.113 —
NCR 5a 11U4 — I Do 4s .......— 104H
O G L &H 5S.110V4 - Do 3d mtg.. - 103%
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll5 116 J Stkn G & E 6s.l00 —
' WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 71%| Spring Valley. 89% —
Marln Co"Unty.53% — I .
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L &'P... 2% "3% Pac I>t Co.... « ; —
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Wr^VFu-^g . T0CKg p|$g
Caf Safe Dep^lOS - ' 8 F NaUonaI..123 123
1st N Of S F..309 315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...... 13M MOO Sav & Loan...- — .
Humboldt .... — — Security ......Vi — ;.
SStSal 7. : ..... 50 - Union Trust. . . - , . -
S f Sav U a 1 * — - - --
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Calif ornia-st.. -140 OSU H.... 40 -
Geary-ot ...... 47>4 — Presidio Z2 30
Martet-st ..... 69% 7014
\ j POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 77* SO Vigorit 2<A SU
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7 VA Kllauea ....... 20'i —
Haw Com 58«4 5Sfc Makawell SOVi 40
Honokaa 30U — Onomea 271,4 29
Hutch S P 20 21 Paauhau SO — .
• MISCELUA.NEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 121 i25 Oceanic S3 Co 47}J CO
Cal Fruit Can 96 — . Pac A F A.... I —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Bor Co.152%153^
Mer Ex As. ...110 — Par Paint Co. 16 —
-. Morning Session..
Board— "¦ « - '
40 California Safe Deposit '.......'.104 50
10 Giant Powder Con 78 00
• 100 Honokaa S Co... ........: : 30 60 :
60 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 60
' MO Makawell 39 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co............... 44 75
$5000 Oceanic Steamship bonds.:. ..;... ...104 00
26 Spring Valley,' Water 89 75
Street— - v •--.
: ¦ 50 California Safe Deposit ....IDS 00
75 Paauhau S P Co 30 00
. Afternoon Session.
Board— '. I
20 Alaska Packers' Association 124 00
75 California Safe Deposit.....". ...105 00
PERSONAX MENTION.
J. D. Carr of Stanford is at the Palace.
Joe Craig, a "Woodland banker, is at the
Grand.
G. W. Harny of Marysville is at the
Grand.
E. W. Hale' of Sacramento is at the
Palace.
J. Glynn of the navy Is registered at
the Palace.
James F. Peck, a Merced attorney, is
at the Lick.
H. Cornforth, a Marysville merchant, is
at the Lick.
G. W. Strohl, Sheriff of Napa County,
is at the Lick.
F. W. Street, mining man from Sonora,
is at the Lick. .
J. B. Bennett of Catalina Island is at
the Occidental.
State Senator J. B. Curtin of Sonora is
at the California.
Joe Scott, a cattle man from Montana,
is at the California..
L. A. Blasingame, a cattle man of Fres
no, is at the Grand.
E. F. Preston, the attorney, has re
turned from his Eastern trip.
F. M. Miller, a Fresno fruit man. Is in
town. Re is at the Occidental.
N. S. Bang-ham, assistant adjutant gen
eral, is registered at the California from
Sacramento.
Judge M. M. Granger of Zanesville, O
is at the California. He is accompanied
by his wife.
Bishop William H. Moreland canu
down from Sacramento yesterday. He is
at the Occidental.
United States Senator George C. Per
kins leaves to-day for a»vlBit to Sonora,
Mexico. He .expects to return to Califor
nia within three weeks.
Colonel E. H. Plummer, commanding
the Thirty-fifth United States Volunteer
Infantry, Is at the California. The'Thirty
flfth was the regiment recruited on this
coast ¦ • • . .
Charles E. Brown, who for ten years
past has been the purser of the Oceanic
and Occidental Steamship Company's
steamer Gaelic, plyinp between here and
Japan and China, has forsaken the sea
for good and left last week for Pittsburg.
Pa., where he has accepted a position as
assistant auditor of the Westinghou«-«
Electric Company. Mr. Brown was one
of the most popular pursers running out
of this port, and- will be missed by his
many friends here.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, April 16.— Marriage licenses
were issued at the County Clerk's. office
to-day. to the following named couples:
Robert C Montgomery' of San Francisco, aged
24 to marry Claudia E. Rodgers of San Fran
clsco aged 18; Edward J. Marshall of Oakland
aged 22, to marry Annie Carty of Oakland, aged
15- George A. Campbell of Oakland, aged 27, to
marry Mercy M. Stevenson of Oakland, aged
26; John A. Clausen of Oakland, aged 27, to
marry Philomena L. Lewis of Alameda, aged
25- James £. Shippee of San Francisco, aged 28,
to' marry Marie Loomas of San Francisco, aged
84; Richard E." Cotter of San Francisco, aged
26. to marry Catherine F. Roche of San Fran
ciEco. a&ed IS . ' ; ¦ •. - r .- .--
Arrangements are being- rapidly com
pleted for the ¦ entertainment for the
benefit of the teachers' annuity fund, to
take place at the Girls' High School on
Friday afternoon. The following profes
sionals have' volunteered their services:
Robert Downing-, Josephine Gassman and
her pickaninnies. Harriet Simon, Harry
Wood Brown, Lillian Quinn. Claire Fex,
Camille Frank and Mr. Hotaling. Names
are being: daily added to the splendid pro
gxair.me and the affair is sure to be an
artistic as well as a financial success.
Tickets for the entertainment may be had
from any student of the Girls' High
School or on Friday at the door.
Professionals Will Take Part.
Many a man would live to a ripe old age
in blissful ignorance of the many ills he
is heir to If It were not for the annual
crop of drugstore almanacs.
G L. Page (owner) with I* M. Zimmerman
(contractor), architects Martens & Coffey-Con
crete foundations, piers, area walls, - concrete
floors, sidewalks, etc.. for a- four-story frame
building, on NW corner of Polk street and fern
avenue. W 110 by N 30; $2047.
William H. George (owner) with McCullough
Contracting Company {contractors), architect
James A. McCullough— All work for a two
story frame residence with rough basement and
attic, on W line of Guerrero street.- 84 N of Lib
erty N 30 by W 100; $3800.- • _
¦ F. W.' Krone (owner) with M. J. Savage (con
tractor), architect E. J. Vogel— Concrete work,
cementing, patent stone, carpenter work, plas
tering, electric work, glass. Iron, hardware,
marble and rbimneys for : two three-story and
basement frame buildings and two | two-story
end basement frame buildings (twelve flats and
two residences), on N line of Thirteenth street.
91:3 from NE corner Mission and Thirteenth,
E 111:6 N 155. W'to point. 148:9^ N of Thir
teenth, thence S 148:9^4 to beginning: $33,310.
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contrac
tor), architect same— Plumbing, sewering,
draining, venting, gas fitting, water piping and
tiling for same on same; $5299. -•
¦ Same owner with Kuss & Storz . (contrac
tors), architect same^-Paintlng, graining, var
nishing, rutting, etc., for same on same; $2450.
John B. Schroeder (owner) with Theodore S.
Hoin (eontractor). architect ¦ Fred W. Meytr—
AH work except painting for a two-story frame
buildingr on N line of Frederick street. 30 W
of Tremont avenue. W 25 by N 103; $8900.
Builders' Contracts.
Edmond and Kllen Kenney to M. A." Meier,
lots 3 4 12 to 14, block 365, South San Fran
clsco'Homestead and Railroad Association,
quitclaim deed; $500
Lawrence H. and Daisy B/ Knapp to same,
same; grant, $1500. ¦;
Estate of Lucy Armstrong: (by J. Winter
burn and K. S. Chapman, executors) to Klor
tnce'M. Athearn, lot 12, block 11, Sunny Vale
Homestead; $25. •
Florence M. Athearn to William Nlcol, same:
$io. - . '¦"
Alexander and Julie Weill to Olive Verkou
ttren. lot on E line of Munich street, 150 S of
China avenue. S 150 by E 100, block 89, Kxcel
eior .Homestead; $500. _ ,. ' „
Oscar Heyman to Olga Styche (wife of George
F.) lot 68 .Gift Map 1; $500.
Babette Eisen (first party) • to William Cur
lett, Edward G. Eisen and William R. . Jost
(second parties) in trust for Theodore A.. Ada
O Edward G., Francis C. and Alice Eisen,
Celia Curlfctt, Amelia .C. McLean and Jennie
Jest (third parties), lot on W line of Franklin
«treet 103:1% S of Fulton, S 1O3:H4, W 57:6, N
17 W 10:6, N 20:3. TV 4:6. N 31:6, W 10. N
34'4'A E 82:6; also lot 162, Gift Map 1; also loti
373 375 and 377, Gift Map 2; also undlvide-l half
interest in lot in Masonic 1 Cemetery, trust deed;
Blft. ¦ ¦>'¦...'¦ .''•_¦••¦¦'••:>''''¦. "- ' ' "
George F. Neal to Elena F. O'Farrell, lot on
SE line Of Tehama street, 400 SW of Fourth,
SW 25 by SE 80; $3000.
William and Jennie Helblngr to Catherine
Byrne,, wife of Richard, lot on W,, line of Kan
sas street, 66 N of. Nineteenth (Butte), N 25 by
W 100; $2000.
Marie F. Ilsen to Oscar R. ¦ McGee and Will
iam N Canfleld, lot on W line of Ninth ave
nue. 275 S of H street, S 25 by W 120; $1000.
Milton T.Geddes to George W. Day wait, lot
on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 225 N of S
street, E 120 by N 50; $500.
Leonard Haas to Johanna Haas, lot on E
line of Sanchez (Warren) street, 250 S of
Thirtieth, S 50 by E 125, lot 63, block 26, Fair
mount Homeetead Association; gift.
Rose Latz. wife of Felix, to Mary Lammon,
lot on S line of Twenty-third street. 100 W of
Sanchez, W 25 by S 114; $1000.
Same to William J. and Mary E. Hlckey.
lot on S line of Twenty-third street, 125 W of
Sanchez. W 25 by S 114: $1000.
Daniel Schluter to Maria Schluter, lot on E
line of Noe street. 89 N of Clipper. N 25 by E
101:10; gift. '
George Rose to Frances Rose, same; gift.
Mary Smith, Sarah G. Barnett, Agnes K.
Madden. Jennie E. McLaughlln, Ella Kelly,
Mary M. Flynn, A. J. Barnett, John . Mc-
Laughlin. Charles W. Smith and Patrick Mad
den to Mary Flynn (widow) lot on S line of
Twenty-fifth street, 127:2ft W of Church, W
25:5H by S 114; gift.
Leopold Sellcrman and Antolne and Grade
Borel to Ruth B. Aronsohn (wife of Martin),
lot on NB corner of Fell street ¦ and Masonic
avenue, E 31:3, N 137:6, W 10:9, SE 277:10. SE
78:7%. NW 10:6%, S 64:5, quitclaim deed; $10.
Ruth B. and Martin Aronsohn to Frances
Rose, same; $7300. • . • . •¦
William K. Van Alen to Clara Walter, lot
on SW corner of Sacramento and Lyon streets,
W 100 by S 29: $3500.
Hugh McNab to Mary McNab. lot on E line
of Baker etreet, 96 S of Greenwich. S 24 by
E 94; elft.
Carrie E. Murphy (wife of John W.) to Fred
erick S. and Loretta Owles, lot on S line of
Clay street. 110 E of Broderick, E 27:6 by S
127:8%: $3500. «.
George and Frances Rose to Ruth B. Aron
sobn (wife of Martin), lot on SE corner of
Washington and Devisadero streets. S 27:8V4
by E 110; $6000.
William E. and Lucy G. Stevens to Hattie
Hausmann (wife of S.) t lot on SW corner of
Fillmore and Washington streets, S 102:814 by
W 106:3: $27,000.
May E. or Mary E. Smith (McAleer, wife of
R. W. Smith) and Alice McAleer to Mary R.
Carew, lot on N line of Halght street, 60 W
of Steiner, W 25 by N 86; J450O.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
When . the case was called Attorney
Herman J. Custer. representing Coburn,
whom even the mandate of a subpoena
had failed to bring to court, asked for &
continuance for four weeks, "that he
might procure depositions from the East."
Attorney Matt Sullivan, representing
Mrs. Ella F. Murray, decedent's daughter,
objected to a continuance. The request
for a continuance was denied, and Cuatej
was called upon to furnish his proof. He
had none, and hence the order denying
the petition was entered on the ground
The "denial of Coburn's petition practi
cally frees the estate from litigation. The
greater portion of the estate, which 13
valued at $600,000. has already, been dis
tributed to Mrs. Murray by Judge Troutt.
only the sum of $25,000 being withheld to
pay any debts against the estate which
may hereafter be approved by the court.
Sullivan & Sullivan have represented Mra.
Murray, and within less than a year have
practically closed up the estate, a record
for quick work seldom equaled in a Cali
fornia court.
Joseph M. Cofcurn failed to appear in
Judge Troutt's court yesterday morning
to offer proofs in support of his petition
for the probate of a "last will" of the
late Mrs. Almira S. Townsend. In con
sequence the court denied the petition on
the eround that it was a sham and fraud.
JTJDGE TROTTTT DENIES
COBTTBN'S PETITION
Blind Vocalist Sings Several Num
bers and Is Repeatedly Recalled
After Excellent "Work.
A song recital was given last evening
in Sherman & Clay Hall by Miss Christine
La Barraque, assisted bv Hother Wismer,
Frederick Maurer, Daniel Slierin Jr.;
Miss Alice Dunn and Alfred J. Kelleher.
It was a pleasing and well arranged enter
tainment. Miss La Barraque is blind, but
notwithstanding this obstacle to her musi
cal progress she gave evidence of con
scientious study and of sensibilitv, which
is the soul of all real music. She sang
two songs, "Without Tnee," by D'Harde
lot, and "When the Heart Is Young," by
Dudley Buck: a number from. "Der
Frelschutz." an Alpine melody by Weker
lln, and Gounod's "Ave Maria." In -the
last number she was accompanied by Mr.
Wismer, Mr. Kelleher and Miss Dunn. In
this variety of selections her voice was
exhibited to srood advantage. She was
thrice recalled and her performaneo
caused much enthusiasm. Miss Dunn was
a clever and pleasing accompanist and
added much to the excellence of the enter
tainment.
Mr. Wismer and Mr. Maurer performed
with fine finish two movements of a suite
in A major by Goldmark. and a Spohr
adagio, E flat. op. 145. Mr. Sherin sang
"Beyond the Gates of Paradise" and
"The Indifferent Mariner." Messrs Wis
mer and Sherin were both recalled. The
audience was quite large and tho affair
may be set down as a success in all re
spects.
LA BARRAQTJE RECITAL
DRAWS FINE AUDIENCE
MISS FRANCESCA VALLEJO
and dr. c. d. McGettigan.
WHO ARE ENGAGED.
Spencer Eddy Reported Engaged.
LONDON, April 18.— The afternoon pa
pers here to-day report the engagement
of Spencer Eddy, second secretary of tha
United States legation at Paris, and Miss
Daisy Letter, sister of Lady Curzon of
Keddlestone. Intimate friends of Mr.
Eddy discredit the report. .
COMMERCIAL. -A-HSTID OPIlT-A.lTOI-A.ILi.
Continued from Page Eight
Speaks to Large Audience on "Soldier
Spirit" and "Success in-
Life."
An interesting address was delivered by
J. C. Stubbs, third vice president of the
Southern Pacific Company, at the parlors
of the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church . on Mission street last night.
A laree audience of both sexes
was \present and listened to the
address with marked Interest. Mr.
Stubbs reviewed the events of the
civil war and the late conflict with Spain,
and dwelt upon the x "soldier spirit" , dis
played by the citizens of America. He
claimed that this spirit was shown in all
walks of life and that it was displayed,
not for the hope of future promotion or
reward, but 'for self-pride and conscience.
Mr. Stubbs said that all great men of
history had won their fame unselfishly.
He eulogized Grant, Lincoln. Garfleld and
President McKinley and begged the young
men of to-day to follow in the footsteps
of the heroes of America. «,.'.,_
"Success in life." said Mr. Stubbs.
"means the doing of ordinary things in
an extremely «well manner. Success is
not the doing of great things. A steady
and constant striving to overcome the ob
stacles of the day will lead to success in
life and happiness." :
J. C. STUBBS
THE IiECTXTB-E PLATFORM
GRAND LODGE SESSION
OF KNIGHTS, AND LADIES
Reports of Grand Officers Showing
the State of the Order in
California.
The first session of the Grand Lodge of
the Knights nnd Ladies of Honor was
opened at 10 o'clock yesterday morning by
the grand officers, Grand Protector Z.- T.
Whitten -presiding. All the officers and
delegates were present. The grand, pro
tector presented his report, which is a re
view of the work done during the year.
The report of Grand Secretary. H. W.
Quitzow shows that during the year there
were nineteen deaths, the largest num
ber in any one year since the organization
of the order, twenty-four years ago: The
amount due the beneficiaries of the de
ceased members was $32,000. The mem
bership in the fifteen lodges in this State
was on the first of the current month,
692. . ' J- •
At noon the Grand Lodge took a recess
for the- purpose of attending the funeral
of Mrs. Mary E. Duncan, who was a
member of the first Grand Lodge in .this
State. The lodge convened .again .at. 4
o'clock, and laid out work for to-day,
¦when the officers for the ensuing year
will be chosen.
Postoffice Intelligence and Military
and Naval Orders Issued From
Washington.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— The follow
ing jiostoffices have been established: Or
egon—Kilbride, Grant County, Margaret
Hamilton, Postmaster.
Postoffices discontinued were, April 3:
California^Esperanza, Kings County.
Mull to Dudley.
Postmasters were commissioned as fol
lows; California.— E. J. Envoldsen, Chua
lar. Appointed r Washington— C. A. Cook,
Ilia, Garfield County, vice Albert Tarbel,
resigned.
Army orders were Issued as follows:
Captain Alexander M. Davis, commissary,
relieved from duty at San Francisco, will
proceed to Manila for duty in the sub
sistence department there.
Naval orders issued were: Captain J.
B. Coghlan to proceed to Mare Island
Yard to act as captain, of the yard June
1, relieving Captain G. E. Ide. .
Pensions Issued to-day were: Califor
nia: Original— Adolph Dassonvllle, Sac
ramento, $8; Henry Brewer, San Fran
ciico. $6. Increase— William H. Warren,
Los Angeles, $8; Robert A- Jackson. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; Peter To
bias, llilpitas, $10; Daniel Sweeney, San
Francisco, $S.
Oregon: Original — Amos Norton, Ash
land, $6. Increase — Isaac J. Stratton,
Portland, $12. Original widow— Jennie
McCully. Joseph, $S. War with Spain,
original— Rudolph Gautenbein, Oregon
Washington: Original— Richard W. Da
vis. Seattle, $8.
patents were issued to-day as follows:
California— Rudolph Axel, San Francisco,
bicycle support: Gabriel A. Bobrick, Los
Ar.g-eles, refrigerator: same, means for
utilizing liquelied gases as motive power;
Fred H. Brown. Los Angeles, locating
metallic minerals; Thomas J. Burke, as
signor to W. A. Russell and W. E. Kin
sey. Los Angeles, gold-saving apparatus;
E'iia« H. Cowart, San Francisco, steering
pear for vehicles; William A. Doble, San
Francisco, impact water wheel; Joseph T.
Kdwards. Weaverville. acetylene gas gen
erator (2): Robert E. Ford. Pasadena,
counterbalance: Lena E. Merrill, River-
Fide, and H. S. Merrill, deceased (said
I^en* E. Merrill is administratrix), auto
matic type justifying space; William Mo
berry- Oceano. machine for saving fine
and "flour pold: Helnrich Moller, San
Francisco, ni^ht lamp; Bennett C. Mor
pan and H. H. Main Jr., San Jose, nut
lock; John C. H. Stut. assignor one-half
io J. L. Howard. Oakland, heat utilizing
parbage furnace. '
Oregon — William L. Ingham, Wilder
vine. Jar can sealers.
Washington— Gustave Amundsen and J.
K. Kright, Blue Canyon, snatch block;
Charley L. White. Dayton, flour bolting:
machine.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
IN Ihe-je days of athietlc training It
is v.ise for belligerents to be careful
v.ith whom they pick a. quarrel. The
mild-mannerrd "dude" mav :«ppear
an easy victim, but when taunted cr
forced Into a fight he may prove a vent
able McGovern. Two hardened citizens
from the south si<?e attempted to wii><» up
the park road with three unassuming
Olympic Club athletes Sunday, and their
failure to carry out their self-imposed
contract has furnished much amused com
ment nmong the alleged "kil glove" men.
bers of the Post-street pthletic institution.
John Dukelow, one of the best ama
teur welterweights on the coj-.Et: "Billy"
Leonard the acknowledged 125-pound
champion of the club, ajid Terry Gaines,
a torrid boxer who has won fame in pri
vate bouts, dressed up in their best clothes
The members of the commission discuss
ed the matter of revoking licenses of sa
loons in the neighborhood of the Presi
dio, and it was decided to get* rid of the
objectionable places as speedily as possi
ble.
About thirty applications for liquor li
censes were granted and as many more
denied. The women of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union sent a letter
of thanks for the action of the commis
sion in closing up the saloon at 2810
Baker street, and requested that no li
cense for the place be granted in the fu
ture.
A score of Chinese liquor dealers were
summoned before the commission to'an
swer to charges of selling drinks to
"Chinatown white bums." The cases
were for the most part continued. The
application for reinstatement as a patrol
man of Winfield A. Dawes, who was dis
missed from the force In 1894, was denied.
Patrolman J. M. O'Connor appeared in
answer to complaints of absence from
drill, general inefficiency and defective
hearing and eyesight. He was exonerated
from the charges in reference to official
negligence, and the question of his physi
cal condition was deferred for further In
vestigation. A. E. Schimpf was appoint
ed a member of the police force, having
been confirmed by the Civil Service Com
mission and accepted by the surgeon.
The Police Commission met at. the Hall
of Justice last night. Commissioner Ma
honey occupying the chair in the absence
of Chairman Nt-whafl.
The Woman's Christian Temperance
Union Thanks Board for Closing
Baker-Street Saloon.
POLICE COMMISSION *
CONSIDERS LICENSES
Dukelow looked calmly at him. But
when the stranger told him that
his diamonds' were paste Dukelow's
right fist fleTv out and.' the park
road rose up and emote the hard citizen
on the jaw. Although groggy the stran
ger was game. He quickly divested him
self of his coat and flew at Dukelow. The
latter sidestepped and something hit the
fellow again "and he saw more pyrotech
nics. His partger lost his courage r.t this
moment and decided that his friend and
himself were outclassed. Leonard and
his ''companions resumed their journey,
but the prettv girls had vr.nished from
Sight.
"For two pins," he says, "I'd knock y^r
block off. Do you know who I am?" I be
long to the 'Frisco Club ar.d I drawed wid
Chimmy Lawler." .
low, overlooking his broad, shoulders and
pugnacious face, and the leader addressed
himself to Mm.
last Sunday and rambled through the
park. The trio wore straw hats, high col-'
lars and other clothes that would attract
attention on a dark night. They were on
a peaceful mission and had no thought of
fight.
Leonard saw two pretty girls on the op
posite side of the road and tried to attract
their attention by shouting. At the mo
ment he shouted his loudest a buggy con
taining two men passed. The «nm.-itcs or
the vehicle imagined they were beinjj
rar.de sport of by the three "dudes." Thev
brought their horses to a sudden stop and
both jumped out of the buggy and rushed
toward the.Olympic Club men.
"Who t'll yer hollercr.s at?" the stocky
leader yelled with flashing eyes. He ex
pected to see the "dudes" quake in their
boots, but they never moved a muscle.
Leonard coolly told the men they wer<»
yelling at some one elre and suggested
that they had better g-et back to their
wagon, as it might run away. The exaa^
perated pair saw easy game and decided
lo wreak their spite. They, selected Duke-
Dr. C. D. McGettigan is a son of Ed
ward McGettigan, formerly of Vallejo,
and a power in Democratic State politics.
He graduated from St. Mary's College and
from the medical department of the Uni
versity of California, winning honors at
both places. After a long period of ex
perience in hospitals he became lieuten
ant and assistant surgeon «in the Eighth
Regiment, California Volunteers, during
the war with Spain. Upon being mus
tered out he began the practice of his pro
fession in San Francisco, and his ability
has brought him a large practice. His
merits being recognized by the faculty,
he was made an assistant demonstrator
the early attachment formed never weak
ened, but grew Into love.
Miss Francesca Vallejo's name and fea
tures are familiar throughout the State,
she having been one of the most popular
of the Vallejo girls, upon whom Califor
nians looked with pride. She has been
given places of honor at many public
fetes, and was queen of the splendid
Monterey festival. She is of sweet dis
position, vivacious and a fine conversa
tionalist. In appearance she is tall and
slender, having the dark hair and bright
eyes that are gifts of Castile.
Miss -Vallejo was educated at College
San Rafael and Is one of the most accom
plished musicians that ever graduated
from that institution. She is a daughter
of Dr. Platon Vallejo of Vallejo. i
Olympic Club Champion Boxers Strolling in the Park Are
Mistaken for Easy Game, but Proved to Be Tartars When
Threatened With Annihilation and Roused by Epithets
Large Number of Papers Bearing on
Man's Ailments and Their Cures
Are Head r and Dis
cussed.
• * . '•'" '
SACRAMENTO, April 16.— The annual
meeting-, of the Medical Society, of the
State of California was opened at 10
o'clock this forenoon in the Senate cham
ber at the State Capitol by President
Thomas Ross. Mayor George H. Clark,
who was ill, sent Colonel H. \yeinstock to
deliver an address of welcome.
Dr. "'Ross In his annual address spoke
of the progress in surgery and medipine
in the past twenty -five' years, giving fig
ures to show the gain which has been
made through modern .investigation 'and
discovery. Dr. J. A. McKee, president oi
the Sacramento Society for Medical Im
provement, contributed an address of wel
come on behalf of his society. Dr. "Wil
liam Z. Briggs, chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements, also bade the phy
sicians welcome.
The afternoon session of the State Med
ical Society opened v/ith a, discussion on
bubonic plague, a payer being read by Dr.
David Powell ' of Marysville, who gave
something of the history of the disease.
Dr.H. D. Lawhead of Woodland followed
with* a paper entitled "A review of the
chemical features r«nd treatment of the
plague," which was largely technical.
A paper was ready by Dr. *W. H. Kel
logg, bacterioloffist of the Board of
Health of San-Francisco, on "The Pathol
ogy'iind Bacteriology, of Bubonic Plague."
tne paper described minutely the plague
bacilli, which Dr. Kellogg claimed were
much better known and understood than
bacilli of other diseases much more com
mon. The germs of the" disease, he' said,
wero soon killed by sunshine and drying
winds, but remained alive for long periods
in dark and damp localities. The bacil
lus caused plague. The fact was as well
established as that the earth was round.
"The Prophylaxis of Bubonic Plague"
was the subject of a paper by Dr. S. J. S.
Rodgers of Marysville, read uy Dr. Rodg
ers Jr. The paper dealt with the treat
ment of plague and with the antirplague
serum which has been used with success,
and also explained how the dread disease
could be and is spread.
Dr. . J. J. Kinyoun, Federal Quarantine
Ofticer of San Francisco, opened the dis
cussion of the plague papers and said that
owing to the long period of inaction of the
disease the medical fraternity was prone
to treat it lightly.
Dr. \\\ A. Briggs offered' a series of res
olutions censuring the State Board of
Health, which were referred to the execu
tive committee, as was a similar resolu
tion offered by Dr. J. H. Parkinson of Sac
ramento. . ¦ . ' • "¦•;.¦¦
Dr. A. M. Henderson of Sacramento
read a paper for Dr. P. K. Brown of San
Francisco entitled "Leucopenia in Acute
Septicemia."
The papers on "Actinomycosis," by Dr.
F. D. Bullard of Los Angeles; "Sarcoma
of the Stomach," by Dr. S. P. Black of
Los Angeles; '.'Rectal Ulcer, with Sec
ondary Infection of the Liver," by Dr.
William Opnals of San Francisco; "Col
lide Cancer of Omentum," by Dr. G.
T. Brady and Dr. P. K. Brown of San
Francisco, were read by title and turned
over to the publication committee.-
At the evening session papers were pre-«
sented by Dr. H. B. Ellis of Los Angeles
on "Empyema of the Frontal Sinus," Dr.
M. \V. Frederick of. San Francisco on
"Aural Gymnastics," Dr. K. Pischel of
San Francisco on "Acute Affections of the
Maxillary Sinus" and by Dr. R. D. Cohn
of San Francisco on "Pathology -and
Treatment of Hypertropy of the Pharyn
geal Ring."
State Medical Society in
Annual Session oX the
Capital.
MEETS TO PLOT
AGAINST DISEASE
The building of the line insures the city
a bountiful supply of water from the
mountain reservoirs of the company and
the contract binds the company to sup
ply all the water needed by the city up to
tOO inches a day.
The essential part of the contract to
supply the water is found in the fact
tha* the whole hinges on the voting oC
bonds by the city next Saturday for tho
purchase of the distributing systems now
in use in the city. Thus far no opposition
to the bonds has developed. The distri
buting systems to be purchased are those
now in use by the rival companies doing
business in the city and will form on<»
complete system for the use of the city.
The pipe line being built will be able O
handle more water than the contract calls
for, se that San Diego will not ba In any
danger of a shortage of water In tho
future. - -
SAN DIEGO, April 16.— In its prepara
tions to carry out tne contract whereby
the city of San Diego is to be supplied
with water from the Otay reservoir the
Southern California Mountain TVater
Company has been crowding the work un
til the graders who are preparing the
grade for the immense pipe line are now
within sight - of the city. In less than
three weeks they "will have the grade
finished. The pipe line, which is to be
made of redwood, bound with steel bands,
like a long barrel,' will *be built on the
grade and not made in sections and laid,
as ia steel or iron pipe. Between 2,50O,(Xw
and 3,000,000 feet of cuefully selected lum
ber has been»dellverccl at the drying yards
on Coronado beach and 2,ut)t>,000 pounds of
steel bands comprise the lirst order for
that sort of material.
The reservoir whence the water supply
is to come is located on the Otay River,
which is dammed at a narrow gorge ia
the mesa, backing i.p the water until I:
covers an immense territory. The water
leaves the reservoir by a flve-foot tunnel
through the surrounding hill and the steel
lining of the tunnel will be fastened di
rect to the forty-inch wooden pipe. The
pipe will remain that size until it leaves
the Otay Valley, and the branches taken
off there to conduct the water to Otay,
Coronado Heights and Coronado Beacn
will permit of the pipe being made smaller
until, when it reaches tne Sweetwater
Valley, other branch lines are expected ti>
diminish the quantity of water so that a
thirty-inch pipe will be sufficient to con
duct the supply into this city. Here it Is
to be delivered, according to contract, at
the reservoir on University Heights. This
reservoir is 378 feet above the sea level
and it is possible that a different - site'
will be obtained, which will give the city
a pressure of twenty-tlve feet more.
- Though the distance from the Otay
reservoir to the city Is not more than
twenty-five miles, it is considered quua
a long route over which to bring watei"
under pressure. The ditch in which Una
piDe line will be laid is carefully graded
to insure a solid foundation throughout
the line's entire length, but it is unllku
a railroad grade, because it is possible to
follow the general contour of the hill*
There are four tunnels on the line, ail
of them through the hills which separata
the Otay Valley from Telegraph Canyon.
The four aggregate a mile and a quarter
in length and night and day shifts havo
been kept at work at either end of each
tunnel.
Great Otay Water System
Is Being Hurried to
Completion.
Will Insure a Plentiful Supply for
the Southern City and
the Adjat x»i
Country^ j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PIPE-LINE GRADE
NEARS SAN DIEGO
Miss Francesca VaIlejo,Granddaughter6f
the Late General M, G. Vallejo, and
Dr. CD. McGettigan Are Engaged
THEIR LOVE BEGAN
IN CHILDHOOD DAYS
ATHLETES FURNISH A SURPRISE
FOR TWO PUGNACIOUS STRANGERS
25 Contra Costa Water.; 71 00
10 Giant Powder Con 78 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 58 50
$2000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s...... 102 2o
10 Honokaa S Co........:...:... 30 60
25 Honokaa S Co..... ;• 30 37%
80 Makawell 39 75
20 Market-st Railway 70 00
$2000 N P C R R 5s bonds 108 60
10 Oceanic Steamship Co, 45 50
25 Oceanic Steamship Co - 48 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 27 50
• 100 Pacific Gas Imp 39 00
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6a, bonds ..'.133 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co... 45 00
1 Spring Valley Water.. 89 73
Street—
25 First National Bank 310 00.
$1000 8 F & S J V bonds 118 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board — '
100 California-Standard 40..
1000 Caribou -- 70
25 Home j 3 80
100 Junction • 55
B0 Kern -• 7 12H
100 Uon 18
200 Monte Crlsto 2 40
»0 Occidental of "West Virginia.... 51
500 Oil City Petroleum 2«
100 Shamrock • 87
500 Wolverine 110
Afternoon Session. • ' '
Board — - • •
100 California-Standard ......... ". < 33
100 California-Standard ; 39
800 Caribou 70
50 Kern...... T 00
500 Monarch of Arizona 53
400 Petroleum Center 15
3000 Petroleum Center, s 30 ' 13
; SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
' Morning Session. ,
1000 California Standard 40
100 Peerless, b 60 - ' 8 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 California Standard 40
£00 Independence ..;... IS
1200 Monarch of Arizona. ...'. 61
300 Monte Cristo . 2 35
50 Peerless 8 25
60 Peerless, b 60 ....8 50
tWO Petroleum Center 14
600 Reed Crude, b 30 '..... - 50
100 Twenty-Eight ;..-.' 135
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In • the San
Francisco Stock, and Exchange Board yester
day:
¦ Morning Session.
800 Andes .. O7I10OO Ophlr 83
200 Belcher 23J 50 Ophlr 8S
Julia ....: 01 02 [Yellow Jacket.. IT U
TUESDAY. April 18—4 p. m.'
Bid. Ask. I Bid, Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Justice 02 (S3
Alta ............ 05 07;Kentuck 01 M
Andes ........... 66 C7 l Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 21 22*Mexlcan 38 S7
Beet & Belcher 23 24 > Occidental 03 04
Bullion 01 eS|Ophlr $t k
Caledonia .73 77] Overman ....... 23. 25
Challenge Con.. 15 17,1'otosl ...._ 10 11
Chollar 12 13 Savage 13 . 12
Confidence 70 72 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 40 2 45 Seg Belcher.... 05 06
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. Jl 33
Con New York. — Cl Silver Hill ...7. 39 40
Crown Point... IS 14 St Louis - 06 —
Eureka Con ... OS — Standard 4 00 4 (0
Exchequer — 01 Syndicate ...... 46 —
Gould & Curry 20 21 Union Con : XT IS
Hale & Norc... 23 26 Utah M 05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Belcher 231 300 Gould & Curry 23
SCO Best & Belcher 24 900 Gould & Curry 21
300 Best & Belcher 22 200 Hale & Norc... U
15 Con Cal & Va..2 50 700 Justice 02
350 Con Cal & V.2 52\i 110« Mexican 3S
600 Con Cal & V.2 47V» 300 Ophlr 88
10 Con Cal & Va..2 «0 950 Ophlr 87
200 Con Cal & V.2 42H SCO Ophir U
300 Con Cal & Va..2 45 200 Potosl Vi
200 Confidence 70
" Afternoon Session.
600 Andes Wf 400j Mexican „..;... «j
400 Best & Belcher 24 900 Mexican 41
SOOCholIar 12% 1M0 Mexican 42
350 Con Cal & Va..2 JO 300 Ophlr S3
350 Con Cal & Va..J 55 «0O Ophlr &9
400 Con Cal & V.2 67Vi 200 Ophlr »l
300 Con Cal & Va..8 60 20O Overman 25
350 Con Cal & V.2 82^11800 Potosl 10
500 Con New York. 01 600 Savage 14
700 Crown Point... 13 360 Sierra Nevada. 33
S0O Gould & Curry 22 200 Silver Hill V*
80O Gould Sc Curry 23 300 Union Con 19
200 Hale & Norc... 28 200 Yellow Jacket.. U
300 Hale & Norc... 20 300 Yellow Jacket.. U
$00 Mexican 331
Morning Session.
The following? were the sales In the Ftclfta
Stock Exchange yesterday:
200 Belcher 221 400 Mexican .~~.... ST
200 Belcher 23 700 Ophir S3
2000 Con Cal & Va..2 50 200 Ophlr SS
100 Con Cal & Va..2 55 300 Overman »
300 Crown Point... 14 200 Sierra Nevada. 32
100 Gould & Curry 22 500 Silver Hill 40
1100 Hale & Norc... 23 500 Union Con 18
600 Justice 02 I 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
12G0 Best & Belcher 24 300 Overman 23
150 Con Cal & Va..! 55 100 Potoat 11
600 Con Cal & Va..2 60 100 Segr Belcher ... M
£00 Gould & Curry 22 100 Sierra Nevada. 11
100 Hale & Norc... 23 SCO Yellow Jacket.. IS
350 Mexican 40
THE SAN FKANCISGD CAXL, WEDlNESDAT,^ APIirL IT, C-iwiZ
9
TPE. engagement of . a California
belle, descended from one of the
old aristocratic Spanish families
of this State, and one of San
Francisco's most prominent young
physicians, has just been announced. The
engagement is one of more than ordinary
note, owing to the prominence and popu
larity of the parties. They are Miss
Francesca Vallejo, granddaughter of the
late General M. G. Vallejo,. whose name
is one of the most familiar in the early
history of ' the State, and Dr. Charles D.
McGettigan, who has rapidly risen to a
place in the front rank of San. Francisco
physicians.
Though the doctor and his handsome
fiancee have known each other since child
hood and have always been much in each
other's company, their engagement will
be a. surprise and a pleasing one to their
friends. The couple were children to
gether in Vallejo, their, respective fami
lies being close friends, and it seems that
of anatomy of the medical department of
the State University.
The date- of the wedding has not yet
been set. ' . ' '
POSTUM CEREAL.
IT SLUGS HARD.
Coffee a Sure and Powerful Bruiser.
"jjet your coffee slave be denied his grog
at its appointed time! Headache— sick
stomach— fatigue like unto death, I know
it all in myself, and have seen it in oth-
ers. Stranee that thinking, reasoning be-
ings will persist in its use," says Charles
Worrall of Topeka, Kans.
He says further that he <JId not begin
<3rlnking coffee until after he was twenty
years old, and that slowly it began to poi-
f=on him and affect his hearing through
his nervous eystem. He would quit cof-
fee and the conditions would slowly dis-
appear, but "one cold morning the smell
of my wire'6 coffee was too much for me
and I took a cup. Soon I was drinking
my regular allowance, tearing down brain
and nerves by tho daily dose of the ne-
farious concoction.
"Lat*>r I found my breath coming hard
and f reauent fits of nausea, and then I
was taken down with bilious fever.
"Common sense came to me and I quit
coffee and went back to Postum. I at
once bepan to gain and have had no re-
turns of my bilious symptoms, headache,
dizziness or vertigo.
"I now have health, bright thoughts and
added weight, where before there was ln-
valiciism, the blues and a skeletonllke
condition of the body.
"It would be hard to tell how highly I
value Postum. •'.-*; -¦'¦¦
"My brother. Professor Harvey Wor-
ra!l. <;uit coffee because of its effect on his
health and uses Postum Food Coffee." He
could not stand the nervous strain while
using- coffee, but keeps well on Postum-
"Miss Fantz I know personally has been
incapable of doing a day's work while she
was using coffee. She quit it and took
up Postum and is now well and has per-
fectly steady nerves."THE SAN FRANCISCO iCALI^ WEDNESDAY, IT, 1901.
10
BUSINESS CHAItCES--CoBtlnnea. .
RARE CHANCE for 2 good men; Ocean House
road nursery for sate, with all Improvements:
plants, bulbs, horees. wagons, greenhouses, 4
big tanks holding 50,000 gallons, plenty water,
engine to .pump it, pipes covering 15 acres
land; best place to raise flowers and vege-
tables; 1 block from Ingleside electrio car;
lease 10 years ; . reason for selling, retiring
" from business: Apply on place or 23 Fourth
Etreet. ' " • , . ' ¦ ¦
CIGAR stand for rent. KB. corner Davis and
Commercial sts. ¦ • .
RESTAURANT for sale on account of depart-
, ure: living rooms complete. 1S6 Second st. .
SALOON and ! furnished rooms for sale. 119
Second st.. corner Minna. •
P.RANCH bakery, notions and candles. 1906
¦ Mission st; -- ¦- -
OLD-ESTABLISHED mechanics' boarding and
lodging house for sale. Apply Call offlce.
$350— TOBACCO and cUar store, with living
rooms; downtown. Box 29S9. Call office.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 24S3. Call.
LODGI.\G-HOt'SES FOR SALE. <
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
85-ROOM HOUSE
'. Sure to Clear $400 •••
Modern House
Price Only $1800
Owner Sick find Must Sell
Offer Wanted
A— 100 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms: -corner: fine for transient $1000
10 rooms; on Eddy St.. near Market E00
14 rooms; on Third St., near Market 5»0
14 rooms; on Mission st : 550
40 rooms; rent $60: clears $150 1000
I 24 rooms- north of Market: clears $200 2000
27 rooms: just finished; very fine 2S0O
20 rooms; on Geary st.; clears $135.. 2400
44 rooms; positively the best: clears $300. 3700
H>-room boarding-houte; clears. $600 SOOO
8-room flat; sunny side •;*:
6-room flat; very good »25
&00 other houses. 3 to 7C0 rooms.
ABSTRACTS. FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
$1CO,OCO to loan at 1V4 per cent. .
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Sth.
ATTENTION. SELLER— I -can sell your house
or real estate for you. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
t • SM» Market »t. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21 22 and 23. Phone Bush 3SS.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busl-
nr«s. to sell list with us. We 'have cash cus-
tomers lor all slies and prices.
Buyers. i«>e our list of bargains:
65 rooms: Sutter: central location; good tran-
sient Iwiee; rent $100 $3600
49 rooms: Market: Al location; rent $170;
good furniture: sunny I&OO
84 rooms; Van N»w»; rent $180; boarding-
houne; good furniture and carpets $3ii«0
57 rooms; Post: transient; new furniture nnd
carpets; rent $115..* $2000
10 room*; Mason; rent $70: partly unfur.
nUhed; nunny; good locution; yard....$fOO
J-KLliCT YOTR ITOUSK FHOM THH
I^R<5KS»T L1BT IN TOvf.N.'
10 room*; EIUs it.; fine house; only $4S0
U rooms; ch<«ap rent; well furnlnhfd 475
S2 room*; corner hou»N north of Market.. SOO
O rooms; Mr money maker; a nacrifke... SJOft
T6 room*: pplendlrt' location: downtown... S560
IIS rooim>: clears $450 mo.; worth double.. S100
Hundred* to choose from. ...... .$100 to $100,000
Alto boarillnK-hounes nnd country hotels.
See our uneclal bargain llct before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. MS Market Bt..
SF.E OUR LIST OF 500 HOUSES HEFOnE
buying. We have them all irttes and prices;
00 rooms, close in, elevator, etc JI500
1! rooms, new, clean; clears $50 900
14 rooms runny corner,- good condition.... 1000
30 rooms, all convenience*, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments ¦ 600
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market: pnohe Black 4071
TO rooms and 6 kttchem.; Bills st ;.$1«M
7 rooms nnd bath; rent $30; O'Farrell;
. worth $700; only S00
26 rooms; sunny: rent $110: Post 1S00
¦:0 rooms- snd bath: rent $40; Eddy 5.10
jlS rooms: rent $50: Third St.; cheap 850
Many others to chooj? from. ;
WINSTON A- WOLF, 102G Market Bt.. i
Over Wonder Millinery Store
21 rooms; Vent $43: part cash *$S50
22 rooms; cheap rent: only 450
2S rooms; rent $50; part cash 1009
25 rooms; corner: clears $75 11&9
36 rooms; rent $50; good... 16-a
LODGING-HOUSES.' boarding-houses and ho-
• tels to suit every buytr; this office is licensed;
1 am established since 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general Batistactlon suaranteed. - Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
18 ROOMS; Mission St.: rent S60; price $723..
18 rooms; Fifth St.; rent $65; price $1000.
12 rooms; Mason St.; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard: rent $S0: price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75: price $1500.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S Sixth St.
FISHER & CO., S35 Market St., opp. Mason.
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished — 600
20 rooms; rent $30; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have tt.em at any price.
A ~~ ."< . —A ~ .' . A
M GRIFFIN. 719 Market, by Call building.
j Lodging-houses of all sizes and prices for sale
and exchanged: I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title. '
24 SUNNY rooms; rent only $70 : $1700
17 rooms; all light: transient 1550
45 rooms; Post; half can stand 2500
3S rooms; Howard: well rented 1000
EITEL, & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
OLD established boarding-house; J5 elegant
large rooms; corner; fine grounds, with
stable; downtown; must sell; leaving; no
triflers. Box 290S. Call offlce.
FOR sale — 10-room rooming-house: 12S% Ninth
et. ; good location and cheap rent; rooms all
rented. . ~
14 ROOMS; central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40: bargain. Donnelly Co.. 632 Market.
LODGING-HOUSE TO LEASE.
¦. E= «
A MODERN first-class lodging-house building
Of 60 sunny rooms, complete In all appoint-
ments, will be erected near Geary and Jones
Bte. ; for lease; particulars at our offlce.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH, 20 Montgomery st. •
SPIRITUALISM. . .
ARRIVED — The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one. you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person. who comes prepared a won-
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
I for answers, 1SS2 Market "- at., opp. Seventh. -
AFTER a severe illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
' all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining «. specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Krl. eve.; letters answered.
' Resid. (no slims).. 613 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
FREE— W. Brockway, nervu-pathlst, locates
¦ disease without -asking questions, looklnK at
tongue or feeling cf pulse; and prospect of
cure: nervous and chronic diseases " treated
without medicine. 327 Larkln, cor. G. G. ave.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
• tings Jfl. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough, Ellis car.
MEETING every nlg,ht except Sunday, Mon-
' day; 122S Howard; ccnvlncing test. Mrs. Max-
u-e'lL .
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed questions
and flowers,' 8 p." m.. 10c. 365 Larkin st.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, ' Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer, Room 14, 305 Larkln st.
PROF. GEE, readings. L. 00c: G. $1; mall, $1;
cir. Tues., Thurs.. Sat.. 8 p.m.; 10c. 513 Jones.
EARLE. 622 Geary St.. telephone Polk 1237 —
Readings daily; seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sitting* daily: tests to all to-night: 10c:
CLAiaVOYAXTS. . '..-¦"•
MME]' 'air BERNARD, . ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If yoil are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love . or business troubles, consult - this
great medium and you will be told how "to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
. medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
. guaranteed by .mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant.' tells
past and future; never-fails ; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 2i5% Sixth st. •
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading? ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian irypsy. clairvoyant ' and
palmist, permanently located 11 IS Market, op.
- Cth; private readings daHy. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.," cor.6th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, -10c; card reader;
jias-t. present, future; 2iC. 14S Sixth 8t., r, 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the eypsy,. Is the great palm-
. 1st and card reader; £5c up. ; 7 Seventh , st. .
1!RS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6Lh;German spoken :tel. Howard 1S48.
:'ct'AmVOYANT8~^n^tnB'eJ^"_^
MMEJ SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
TOUNG' MISS ZEMDAR. clairvoyant; names
¦ given; L, 50c; G. $1. ; 1203 Market, cor. Eighth. .
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth j^__
CARPET BBATISG~AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146. .
CITY Steam . Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Ca. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission <4.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone. East 126.' .- - . ¦
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails. -warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEO^G^^vTT^LI^Y^Agency^No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms. 2475 Post st.
DENTISTS.
AT~the *ELECTRO tDENTAL CLINIC, S09 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fico hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rpse Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 oO: fillings.
60c: plates, $5; futl set; all work patn'.ess and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlor?. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
• —No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c: gas given.,
KXPKRT dentist In order to build up « prac-
tice will ell teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and brldjc6 work at bedrock prices; payments.
Offlce 1141 Polk st., cor, gutter; open Sundays.
EIGHT prUes for best crowns, plates, bridge*
and fillings; extraction* or filling* by my
wonderful secret, .painless method; 29 years
experience; no' «tu<lents; ndvleo . fre«s nrlcen
chen'<f(«t and jruarftnt»>pd; lady nttf.nilnnti.
DR. "QSOUG13 \V. LKRK. 20 O'FarreU at.
MKYKRr* Turk— Painless extrnotlon; vitalised
alr;cro\vnii;l»rldg»work. Open Sunday to 13 m.;
PaTuS Denial I'arlom, 235 KrurAr, cor. Buah-
Full ret of teeth, f4; nrownn. $S; tilling*, 2-»c.
D«, R. L. WALSH.SI6*t Oearsvnr.Larkln— I'aln-
Ipm extraction 50c;i>lfttns $3 up;phonc PolkUSa.
DR. H. O. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex.
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In 8. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. i\ Dentists. 869 Mission Bt., cor. fith.
VAN VROOM— "Pnlnless"; tvcnlnRS and Bun-
dny», 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth, j
SET of teeth without plates.' DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 134t Polk Bt. • ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTIilSSSI3S
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
ACCORDEON pirating: country orders prompt
attention, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
GAXL^HER^L^RSH~Conege, ParrotiTbidg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Ehorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24- Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering.- etc.; day
& night sessions: nay SO-pagc catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship, $30; Individual
Instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
¦school for the university,, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has" posi-
tions guaranteed to it by -written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec..mlnlng,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
* der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of EIUs bookkeeping and the
.Gregg shorthand costr. only $60. San Fran-
. cleco Business College, 123G Market St. .
A SPECIALTY — Perferting^ beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping: fig-ares; short
time. TARR. exp. -jtcct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER .College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rras. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction: catalogue.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1CC8 Mtssien.st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; -day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PA UTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
clcaning Co., best help: send men at. short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants.. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. •
JAPANESE, central housecleaning .& employ-
. ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
. RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter: tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese ' employment office—
Bert help. 411H O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; under-
stands American, English cooking in all their
branches; refs. MISS CULLEN. 325 .. Sutter.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse' desires situa-
tion; best city, references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. -
SCANDINAVIAN ' second girl with references
wishes situation in city. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. '
WANTED— Situation as cashier and bookkeeper
In commercial establishment by a young lady;
have had exeperience and can give refer-
I ences. 149 Russ st. ..
I WANTED — A position by a young lady to as-
i slst In office work, clerk : in book or music
j store; small salary to begin wlth.t Address
box 3791. Call office. • . . . " ¦;
COMPETENT woman wants a situation In an
American family; is a good cook; willing
to go short distance In country; wages $20 to
• ¦ $25. 214 Fifth st. ' ,
A COMPETENT . young lady would like posi-
tion as cashier: experienced; best references.
Address box 37SS. Call office.. . - -
COLORED woman ' from the East wishes posi-
tion in boarding-house, housekeeper or sec-
ond girl. Address box 3792, Callvp.fnce. ' \ '
.» YOUNG woman I wants a position : as laun-
dress In a hotel; no objection to country; can
furnish references. 363 Linden ave. . . \.
SWEDISH girl wants position . to do second
work; wages $20. Call at Swedish Baptist
Church. 266 Tenth St. .- ...... -
A NURSE wishes situation to attend Invalid:
best references. Call wtjere last employe.!, 1230
Jackson st. . ' ; ¦'- : -¦ ;
WANTED — By young . woman, a few hours'
work daily. Address MRS. EM11E, 953 Mts-
sion gt. ¦ .- ¦ . . ". - '
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do
housework in small family, city or country.
Box 3848, Call. - < . .. :
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to
do light housework or plain cooking. Art.lress
1103 Powell st. . -. . y -. ' -.-.-•.
FIRST-CLASS German- cook wants situation;
city or country; wages $33.' 1022 Larkln st..
phone Larkin 1S61. ¦ ¦ - . . ;'. -
TWO Swedish girls : want to do housework.
Please call at 1209B Florida st, near 24th." |
A YOUNG "woman wants - laundry work by the
day; can furnish references. < 363 Linden ave.
LADY wants, to do- general ". housework -. and
plain cooking. -;V6 Herman st. . i
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation; object,
good home: no salary. MRS; M., 706 Ellis st.
REFINED middle-aged" lady, wishes .' position
as housekeeper; city or country.". Call 6S-76
Ellis St., room 57, bet. 2 and p. ,m. ; .;
A RESPECTABLE German girl." just arrived
from the East, wishes a situation as house-
keeper or general housework; Is also able; to
sew. "Address Wm.'Tell. House, 317, Bush st.
WANTED— By elderly -American " woman,' '. po-
sition as working housekeeper or light house-
- work; small family. ¦ Address. 700 Twenty-sev-
enth st., OaWand. _ •_- * : . - ;
ELDERLY .' woman wants light • work out of
city. .: MRS. D.. 304 Stockton st.
EMPLOYMENT =! WANTED—FEMALE.
T^OuTrG^calndlnavian girl wishes situation > to
do general housework In small family. Please
call at 155 Clara St., near Fourth. . . - . V ' <
GERMAN girl wants situation for light house-
work. • • Please call " at 220 Leavenworth St.,
between Turk and Eddy. .'.'-.:¦ ¦¦:., :
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— £00 rooms; 23c to JI 50 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient ana respectable; free bus
~ and baggage to and from ferry. __^_^
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
A GENTLEMAN of address and business .ex-
perience desires a position; will accept small
compensation or commission and salary; ref-
erences. Address box 3789, CaU offlce.
COACHMAN wishes situation In family: good
driver; can milk; good allaround.man: refer-
ences. , E. L., New Western Hotel, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. V '-¦ ' ' - ¦ *''"•'".
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work; strong, will-
ing: used to horses, gardening; useful In gen-
eral; wages no object; references. Box 2219,
Call office. Oakland. ¦
WANTED— Position by a youth wlth_some
knowledge of . phonography and typewriting,
preferably in an offlce. 1739 Buchanan St.
COACHMAN and all around man on private
place wishes position: best of references. Ad-
dress box 3794. Call office. ¦' '_
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged barkeeper
' In country hotel; references. Address D.
LOVETT. 16 Fifth st.
BY a young. man position as shipping clerk or
bookkeeper; can give first-class references.
Box 2849. Call offlce. -¦ ¦ ¦ '¦
YOUNG man, 21. speaks French. English and
German, wishes to learn bartending. 625 Clay.
YOUNG man wants position in country as yard
man or # to help around hotel. Box 3S50. Call.
MAN of first-class education, varied business
experience in Europe and America, seeks em-
ployment; speaks and writes English, French
and German fluently: good penman, book-
keeper," mathematician, draughtsman: willing
to act as secretary, wait on Invalid, work
about house, anything. Box 3713. Call office.
WANTED— By a young man, a position as
elevatpr man. Address Box 3776. Call office^
I MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
I tools, wants light work; no milking; will
i take care of small stable of horses; small
wages If good place. H. W.. 246 Third st.
BAKER, steady man. i wants situation as
second on bread and cokes. GEORGE H.
BACHMAN. 22H Seventh st. ¦ ¦ ¦'
I WANT to work for private family; care for
horses and work around place; city or coun-
try; reference. WM. BARRETT, 217 Third.
STKADY mnn wishes situation as nlg.lit watch-
man. H. I)., 222> Rush st.
DENTIST— Youhn dentlxt with 7 yenm' experi-
ence and all-round man would like to ro
In partnernhlp with elderly dentist; either city
nr country. Adrtrfrgg Dentist. 20Q McAllister.
JAPANKRK first cook, wants pla.cn to do
work; hotel In city; wages $35 up. wVddreet
418 Post it. • -
FI XANCIAL.
FOR iNVliS'l-ORSlTr"*"" *"**
I OFFER FOR SALE)
Unimproved and Income city property; gilt-
edge bonds and stocks of electric, Ran. rail-
road and Industrial corporations; money to
¦ loan; Investments made; bank, references;
. correspondence solicited.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR.
• . Itoom 40, 310 Pine at.,
Pan Francisco.
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat of 7 large sunny rooms; -nicely
furnished; would sell furniture cheap. 1313
Leavenworth st. .
AA— TURK. 1539. near Steiner — 4 rooms; lot
45x137:6, and stable for 4 horses.
NEAR City Hall; fine sunny top Hat, 6 rooms
j and bath. 12 Grove st. ,
NICE ¦ clean sunny flat. 7 rooms, all newly
renovated. 442 Sixth st., near Harrison,
TO lefr— Elegant new large flats. Washington
r st.. between Scott and Devisadero. •
3-ROOM flat; Polk end McAllister. Inquire In
butcher shop. ,: ' -• ¦ • " -
$11 CO— REAR; sunny 5 rooms; 2-story house.
• 2510 California 6t.; apply middle flat.
SIS — 3 rooms, on .first floor: large basement
underneath and yard. S12 Ellis St.. nr. Polk.
¦ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
¦FUR.NITURE of a 4-room flat and bath for
sale; rent of flat only $10 per month. 614
Laguna St., near Hayes. •
4 RQOMS furnished in tak, $48 PO, with No. 7
rar^e. , King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
'stoves: give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED. \i
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus.,merchandise,fur.,carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdie., etc.', see J. A.
Munro & Co.,, 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest N
. price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkln: tel. Polk 694;
¦ furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture," carpets,
piano3. etc. 1135 Market; wt.: tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT^rRr^rAN^S^N^&^CoTsTrrPh^ne^GranTlSo
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
10 waitresses, country hotels, fare paid.... $25
10 waitresses, city restaurants and hotels...
.".. $20 and $.'.0
2 lunch waitresses 50s
Hotel cooks, city and country.......... $30, $.15
Waitress for club $"0
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, small American family, no wash,
offlce fee paid by lady. C. , R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. . *
WOMAN care of 2 grown children and do sec-
ond work, $30; housegirl, Belvedere," $25, see
party here at 11 o'clock; cook, German style;
2 in family, $35: cooks, houseglrls, second
girls.-. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AN American woman to act as stewardess and
keep accounts in a pearl fishing camp, see
party here at 9 a. m.', $10. C. R. HANSEN
' & CO.'. 104 Geary st. - . -v -
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 waitresses, same lirst-class hotel, $20; 18
' waitresses, -different city and country hotels,
$20 and $25; 3 chambermaids to wait, $22 60
and $20; woman cook, $40. ....... ................
..FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ."
Cook. $25, and second. $20, for American fam-
ily of 3 people; house girl, Alameda, $25, very
choice place, see.paity here; many places,
city and country'. MRS. My E. DAY & CO.,
. 335 Geary st. ',
WANTED— Cooks, glrl3 for housework, second
girls, ' waitresses and others to fill our large
number of situations--, too many to advertise;
' call and select situation to-day, everybody
who wnnts work. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
¦316 Sutter st. - f ¦ ¦ . -
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
; Waitresses, resorts, $20, places are near city.
GENERAL office assistant; wholesale house;
must be quick and accurate at figures. Ad-
dress, statins salary expected,- F. A., box
,37S3, Call office.- . . , V ' "
WANTED— Two apprentices and "Improvers"
for dressmaking department. -Apply to MRS.
A. R. REYNOLDS, . Emporium. : . .
GIRL to do steel die stamping and embossing.
• Apply at 420 Montgomery. St., room 4," between
"the hours of 9 to 12 a.' m.
POSITION of trust for upright, honest woman
between 25 and 35; small bond required."- Re-
| liable, box 3833. Call office. . :¦-"¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ '¦¦- .-¦¦:
WANTED— Two experienced waitresses at In-
ternational Hotel. 824 Kearny st.; wages $20
. and found. ' ' ¦ >
COMPETENT and willing young' nurse for
children. 1319. Gough st., cor. Post; 2 to 4
p. m.; references." "-.-..
NIGHT cashier for bakery and restaurant: ex-
perience and references; $30 per month. Breuss
. Cafe, 70 Third st.
WANTED— First-class r dressmaker; mu3t un-
' derstand cutting and fitting. Apply 2332 Flll-
_ more—str*- _ -.-.¦• -.-¦:• . '. : ' .. . . ' .- .
-WANTED — Girl to assist in general housework
in small family; sleep home; references. ,435
• Fell st. .-¦ -•¦':¦,.."•>-¦¦•. . ¦' ¦:."•-"'¦'
TOUNG girl, to assist with housework: sleep
home. - 1311 York st. ..."¦-¦ .-•'?' '.--'- - = .
A GIRL for general housework and cooking;
; small family ; . wages $20.' 1S10 Laguna st.
All ATEUR singers wanted. Apply af'Cliutes
' at - 6 p. m. - this evening. _ . ,. . •" :,*•
A : GIRL", for housework- and cooking in" small
. family.* Call 9 to 12 a.'-m.,.lS10 Laguna st.
WANTED— A girl to assist in kitchen: wages
$5 per. week: sleep home. , 122 Fifth st.'. - ¦¦-,';
WANTED— Girl to assist" In light housework.
.1004 Golden' Gate ave.- ',, ¦ '¦' ¦
.WANTED— A neat girl to attend to bakery.
£808 _Twenty-fourth : st. ¦- :'. : : ". ¦ v
¦GIRL to assist in light housework. " : 931 Ellis
'. . street. ¦ i ..-. ." ; . ' ' .. ' . ¦ ¦ ":.
PANTS :¦ finisher wanted at 233^4 Stevenson St.,
. -• between Third ¦ and Fourth.- .• . "
WAtNTED— Experienced • crockery '. '."¦ saleslady;
. give reference. Box S795, Call, offlce. ¦ ' ¦ :
' GIRLS wanted; no : experience necessary. Mu-
1 tual L. & L. Co.; 23 Main st. :
HELP^AyTED-- gp M
WANTED— A few experienced - pperators and j a
limited number for instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, - Gough and Grove ata.
GIRL wanted for general housework.' 2038 San
- Jose ave.. Alameda. •¦' - - * •--*
WANTED— Good finishers on coats. 135H Na-
toma st., near New . Montgomery. . - <
WANTED— Good finishers on • coats; steady
j work. 40 Ellis St.. room 52. : ' ¦
WANTED— A good girl for general housework;
.three in family.. -S29 Shrader St.- ¦ --. - " -
COLORED girl wanted for general housework.
Call at 1019 Post, st. -"
WANTED— Girl to attend orfice and assist in
. laundry: wasres $4.t 114 Hayes st. -. -. ¦•-.
A RESPECTABLE girl for light housework in
small family. 1123 Stciner St. " .
COMPOSITOR; straight matter. 530 Commer-
clar st. / /_ •-'-.-•^-
TAILORESS on custom coats; experienced ap-
prentices. 272 Stevenson st., bet. 3d and 4th.
STEADY finishers and girl to learn on coats.
¦ 354 . Geary st. .
GIRL for housework and children. 2621 How-
aVd St., near Twenty-second. -
AN apprentice' on vests: one who has had a
little experience preferred. Apply at Ida
Howard-st. : .. ' ' " 4 ' '
GIRL to takecare of a baby and assist; steady.
819 Post 8tT •¦¦
GOOD waist hands and good skirt hands. 783
Geary st., near Hyde. -,
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
washing: .wages $25. Call mornings at 1424
San Bruno .ave. . • '
HAIRDRESSING taught In 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Halrdresslng College.. 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught In 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College, 574 Geary tt.
DRESSMAKERS wanted at MMB. NELSON 1 S.
1017 Geary St.. near Van Ness ave.
WANTED— Operators on coats. , Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 718 Market at.
WANTED— Operators on vests. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 71S Market st.
QUEEN— Send address to J. C. BRYNE, box
U7S0, Call office. ] - ' '
GIRL for general houiework; no cooking; ref-
erences required. 3740 Twenty-fifth st.
COOK for small home cooking parlor. 340 But-
tcr st. ¦ '
X YOUNG German girl to assist In light
housework; no washing. 691 McAllister it.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for light houso-
work. 13 Geary court, near, Jones *t.
APPRENTICES for hand work on corseta. _tl
Powell at. \
A TAILOUF.S8 on cuntom coata wanted;
¦teady work; wt>U pol'l- S» Seventh at k
FIRST-CLASH finisher* on pants. 1000 Ilar-
rlion it., corner Sixth.
YOUNG Klrl to axulst In family of 8; may
sleep -at home. 176.1 Kills »t.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats. 827
Market »t.; room 623.
WANTKD— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. BAOLESON & CO.. l»33 Market St.
HELP WASTED- MALE.
ATfrrrrr^rr^^NTED^T^-DAY
Cans of tunnelmen for big tunnel at Chats-
worth Park: free fare: see boss here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
AT C..R. HANSEN & CO. ' 8.. c . Phone Grant 1S5
RAILROAD WORK .....
Headers, drillers and tunnelmen $2 50
for big tunnel Chatsworth Park
see boss here • tree fare
2 millwrights, country sawmill. 14 a day, see
boss here; 6 milkers, country, $30; 3 carpen-
ters, country, $3 50 a day; 6-horse plow holder,
railroad work. $2 25 a day, free fare;-6 farm-
ers, <25 and $26; blacksmith, $2 and $3 a day;
" section hand. $1 60 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter for summer resort, $45, see party
•here; 2 waiters for springs, $25 and fare ad-
vanced; roast cook and broiler, $75; cake
baker $50; third cook, springs, $30: silverman,
' country hotel, $25 and fare paid; pantryman,
springs, $22 50; dishwasher, country hotel, $25
and fare paid; 6 disnwashers.for country ho-
tels and springs. $23: German barkeeper, city,
$12 a week; porter, country hotel, $20; porter,
. institution, $20 : ••; ••",••"
colored, waiter, country club, ?3o and fare
R. HANSEN & CO..'. -.10* Geary St.
A . ... DON'T FORGET! ..:
Eastern arrivals and Callfornlans looking for
work that W.D. Ewer & Co. are the only em-
ployment agents who will refund fare both
ways, also offlce fees, ! if you are not offered
work where we send you; come and see us
Instead of going to unreliable agents'. We
want to-day: • , . . . • '
3 drillers for quarry......... ..$2 a day
3 single-hand miners....: $2 a day
3 laborers for mine • $1 7o a day
blacksmith and shoe, country shop, $4o and
¦board " '••••' "•• • • •"
farmer, Sonoma County •••• **a
3 farmers, near city j26
2 milkers. Sonoma County $30
Swiss milker <"..'« $3o
handy man for ranch $2a to $30
butter-maker and milk $30
meat cook for Institution $40
cook,, small country hotel $30
German farm laborer- $20
2 woodchoppers, Sonoma County... $1 25 a cord
man for private family $20 and found
and 100 other positions; call and examine our
bulletin board. '• " ;
J W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A-WANTED-
German or Scandinavian to care for horse,
cow, -garden, etc.; private place near city; $25
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay at.
A— WANTED— !
For vineyard, Sajjta Clara County, cellarman,
$30 and increase: plow hand, $26; 6 men for
sucker ing vines, see boss here, 9 a. m. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. :.-
A— MURRAY .& READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment, and Labor Agents.
WAKT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Stenographer and bookkeeper $60
3 carpenters, sawmill company; 15 black-
smiths and helpers," $50 and $00, $2 50 and «2 23
a day, $40 and $30 and found... — .:.
25 laborers, city and -country $175- day
10 laborers for the mines ..$30 and found
10 single-hand miners... $60
25 laborers, no experience required, for saw-
mills and woods ........'........ $26 and found
42 farmhands, men for bayfields, orchards,
etc. ......: - $26 and $30
15 milkers, butter-makers, etc., $30 and $35
coachman and gardener $30
.;...... MISCELLANEOUS.-
, Butcher and drlv* wagon, . young man $80
cook, officers' mess, $50, see boss here; 2 wait-
ers for the mines, $30, see .boss here; camp
cook, also cook's helper; washer, . steam laun-
• drv, Arizona: .fare paid down.
• FOR FULL LISTS OF WORK CALL AND
READ our bulletin boards. ¦ / - ~ . ;
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st. .
2 MEN and 'wives for ranches and private
. -places, $45 and $50; gardener f or . countr^^*30
and found; 12 milkers for Humboldt, Slendo-
clnoi Santa Cruz, Solano, Sonoma and Madera
counties, $30 and $35; milker and wife, $50 f-
. farmers, $25 and $30; chore boys, $15 and
¦ found; 2 Eastern American drivers for milk
wagons, $30; $35 and $40 and found; 2 German
or. Scandinavian drivers for milk wagons, $25
and $30 and found; Scandinavian 1 stableman;
. $3(7 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
., Sacramento" st. . ' ' ,
A T Cal. Emp. Agency, 59 Third, phone Red 31 —
Man to milk 16 to IS cows, $25, see boss here.
Man to milk 25 cows, $30, see boss here.
8 laborers, country, $2 per day.; 1 . ; . .
.Blacksmith; country, $40 a mo./ bed & board.
Klrst-class edger man. country. $3 50 per day.
Boy to sweep halls, $15 and found. _
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Hostler for springs. $30; bellboy. $10. ."
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
» Free employment; only recognized union. 115
, Turk; tel. F61som 1583. 1 1. LESS. Secretary, j
WANTED for U. S." Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 11 and 33; cttl-
• zens of United States, of good character and
' temperate habits, ' who can speak, read and
¦ write English. Recruits specially desired for
- service in Philippines. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 1!I New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal.. : ¦ ¦ .' -.. "
A "¦ STRONG boy 1S-20 years old wanted by
wholesale house. Box 2840, Call.
WANTED— Cash * boys. 14 years of age and
over. .Apply at HALE BRQS.. 979-JS7 Market
.St., before 11- a. m.
FIRST-CLASS carpenters and wood carvers;
non-union: no. of flee fees. .Mech. Reg. Bu.,
, 410 , Kearny st. . ¦ -
WANTED — Young man for Janitor work; state
age, experience and salary expected: Apply
• box 2879.. Call office. -
"WANTED— First-class : window dresser, and a
dress goods salesman; state, age, experience
¦-and salary expected.".. Apply box 2891;. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Job compositor wanted; also an
apprentice; state wages and ; experience. Ad-
' dress Printer, box 3711. Call offlce.
.BOY wanted about 14 years old to run errands.
'-Jtnqulre after 8 a. m., rooms l,-2 and 3, Phe-
; Ian building.' ; . -' ; » ... ~ •-
WANTED— First-class ! cook . for hotel ; ¦ refer-
• ences - required.^ C. E. EMERSON. Susan-
¦; vllle. Cal. - .-¦•¦¦ ; ¦-.- ;¦ .-.-. ¦•-.--• _>'-•; ., -.. ¦ '
RELIABLE and capable; married man to work
, on ranch. . Apply 222 Dolores St., between 6
and- 7 I p.' . m.v ¦
CARRIAGE ' Dalnter : wanted. Railroad -and
Fifth aves.; "South- San Francisco. ' ,
WANTED— One good boy at 114 Ellis %X. r . room
| 5,\ between 8 and 9. o'clock.;- -. ;• . ; .
HELP WANTEP— iULE— Con.
WANTED=-Recrults for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied unmarried men of goou
character, between the ages of. 21 and &>;
not less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over *
feet 1 Inch; able to read and speak English.
For further Information apply at the Recruit-
ins Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Franci.«co.
AN errand boy to learn a trade In cloak manu-
facturing, at RATNER'S Cloak House. 131
Post. ¦ • y-: :
WANTED— Bright young man. IS to IS years
of age. to learn the gents' furnishing goods
.business. Apply 401-Kearny-^t. •
WANTED— Boy as apprentice to architect:
some experience. Apply room 30. 131 Post st.
BARBERS— Good shop: 4 revolving chairs; $225;
a snap. DECKELMAN'S, 106 Ell- st.
WANTED— A steady lunch waiter. Apply at
323 Washington at. - " "
SECOND cook and waiter wanted. 907 Kear-
• ny at. . - ¦¦
SHOP boy in paint shop. 120 Eddy st.
WANTED— Blacksmith's helper. S37 Brannan.
LADIES' tailor wanted. I. GOLDMAN. 1236
Market St., rooms 14 and 15. ¦' -
PAPERHANGER wanted. 1701 Sutter St.. cor-
ner Laguna. ;"• '
BOY to work In a bake shop. 612 Kearny st.
WANTED— Gocd boy, 12 to 14 years old; one
that lives at home. Type Foundry. 5CS Clay.
"WANTED— Strong boy for grocery. 2S07 Mis-
sion Et. - •
BUSHELMAN wanted. Golden Eagle Clothing
Store, 104 Kearny at.
A YOUNG man to wait on table and wash
dishes. 258 First st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD barber Wednesday and Saturday. 623
Clay . st. ¦ .
WANTED— Good blacksmith. 143 Beale street.
A STRONG boy wanted to learn blacksmith-
Ing. 1163 Mission st. ¦
WANTED— Bootblack at Russ House Baths.
217 Montgomery at.
DISHWASHER wanted; $14 a month. 1231
Point Lobos ave.
WANTED-iBootblack for barber shop: call to-
day. Corner Jones and Sutter its.
WANTED— Dishwasher at' 423 Sixth St.
SHOEMAKER for repairing at 711 Valfn;l?> tt.
BOY 9 to 11 years, who knows the streets, to
work from > to 6. linx 3333, CaU office.
WANTED-100 men to Uko roomi. 10c, 15o and
20e. llonton HounyMO Howard _______
WANTKD— a day cashtcr; all around man. S3
Ptockton »t. _________________
Ho^TBLTcTcTKOOd w*jre«. 947* FlUmor» it.,
corner McAlllnter.
WAITER wanted. 18» Third «t.
ItARBBR shop for sale cheap. 817 Fourth it
MKN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed fr«e. We have no 8c shop In connec-
tion with our coll#u«: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness end convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «35 Clay St.
noware of any cheap Imitations.
FOR SALE.
A GOOD paying 2-chalr barber shop and bath
In best mining town In the State; rent $13.
HENRY FALK, Angels Camp. Cal.
GOOD coatmaker wanted for the country:
steady man only need apply; fare paid. Call
•it room 100, Donohoe bldg., cor. Taylor and
Market sts. '
WANTKD — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; 51 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Lasters on men's heavy work: hand
and machine. Apply E. E. GEORGE, 33
Stevenson st. '
EXPERIENCED cleaners and pressers at the
Golden West Clothing Renovatory, 12 Mont-
gomery st^ ¦-
WANTED— Operators on coats. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO., 713 Market st.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; German
preferred. 816 Treat ave.
CANDY-MAKER as helper at steam pan» Ap-
ply between 11 and 12 a. m. at 601 Folsom st.
PANTS presser wanted; good wages: steady
work. I0C0 Harrison St., corner Sixth.
PRESSER: also a foreman who can take
charge of vest shop. II. HILP, 106 Battery-:
PANTSMAKER wanted; boy to work in store
and do errands. Apply at 408 Kearny st. •
PANTSMAKER wanted. 113 Hayes et.
GET vour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
CHEF who can handle busy kitchen. Apply
bet. 8 and 10 a. m.. restaurant 206 McAllister.
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. BELASCO-
HARRIS CO., Ml Market at.
COATMAKERS. pants and vestmakers for
country-. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McflONALD & PERKY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Thirtl st.
AT cash prices for $1 pt-r week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
'WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES A>'D WAGO.VS. .
,_,_,._, .,_,,. .,,., ,,-,,¦„-,-,-,__ . i. .V- - r
40 ¦ HORSES for sale; ¦ also wagons, buggies,
cart3, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction s>ales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale — A fine black mare In good condi-
tion; 4 years old; weight about 9C0 pounds;
can be seen at 3293 Mission st. .
FOR Sale— At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy St..
span of brown mares, 15% hands, gentle;
beautiful black horse, xtt. 1250, gentle for fam.
S. F.' VETERINARY College w^ll commence its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
A— 100 SETS ¦second-band harness; -wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
SECOND-HAND hack in good condition for
sale cheap. - 321 Eighth st., Oakland.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission St.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN a No.- 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO, LET. . .
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE to rent — 104 . Guerrero st., near Thir-
teenth: 10 rooms, besides bath. laundry and
servaDts* room; high ground; eanita-y plumb-
ing; garden; 1 block from 3 line! of cars;
• rent very reasonable. - -, -' rk^\ ¦
ELEGANT house. 8 rooms and bath; 3X Scott
st. ;. overlooking new park; will rent very
cheap to good,- permanent tenant. 728 Halght.
ARLINGTON, 333. near 34th— Cottage, 3 rooms;
1 yard. chicken house: $6 50.'- . -.
: HOUSES TO LET PCRMSHED.
LOW rent* to reliable ; party: a choice sunny
corner of 8 rooms and bath;, fine piano; 3
months or longer. - 601 Buchanan st.
AN 8-room house; well furnished; piano; nice
, yard; 1512 Howard St.; $40: get permit from
A. M. SPECK & CO., 6C7 Market St.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland; $18.- Apply at 14 Grant ave.,
room 2.
MODERN 5-room house: nicely furnished; bath
and yard; within 2 blocks of Fourth and
Market sta.: rent reasonable. Box S7S2, Call.
NICELT furnished modern house, 7 rooms and
bath; Park location: Box 3740, -Call offlce.
HOUSES ¦¦WANTED]
MODERN. ' stylish, well-furnished house. 8
rooms or larger, by responsible parties: g
months 'or' longer; moderate rent." Box 3706,
Call office. » .. • •
HOTELS TO REST.
FOR rent, cheap— Hotel of 32 rooms T near~cityl
Apply at Cozy Restaurant. 1005 Valencia st.
LOST AND FOUXD.
BOAT lost, in Petaluma Creek, after 10 o'clock
Saturday night; painted dark outside, light
inside,' • with 1 anchor ;¦• in the boat. Finder
please notify Golden Eagle Hills, or FA1R-
BAXKS, Petaluma. CaL t
$50 REWARD— Lost April 15: a large diamond
out of ring setting. Finder receive above
amount on returning it" to' owner -" at 139
Buena Vista ave., corner Thirteenth St., city.
I.OST AXD FOUXP— Contlnae'd^
LOST— CrescenVbicycie No.- 701471. April 13.
1301. from 2S1S California st.; reward.
LOST— Diamond screw stud; liberal reward.
Return to S. S>. 211 California st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco, in ths
name of Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers
Association; No. 212-1240. The finder will
please return to bank. ¦
IOST— A gold watch' and chain on San Bruno
road, between Sierra Point and Blajiken s.
Finder please return to 111S Guerrero St.:
suitable reward. •' _______
LOST— Certificates of deposit on the Paciflo
Bank and People's Savings Bank and mining
stocks. Reward $3 on delivery at 862 Bryant.
LOST— Dog. foot of Market St., April 3; brown
water spaniel: Oakland tag 391; $3. reward.
W. R. JENKINS. 314 California »t.
REWARD $10— Lost, star-shaped stickpin set
with diamonds. Box 3773. CaU offlce.
LOST OR STOLEN— White pointer dog. red
n>ot on top- of head between ears and on
back. Return 447 Bay St.: liberal reward.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Noltft.
jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mitson,
MATRIMOXIAX.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladle*
send 10C for Ust. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Kills at.
MATTRESSES ASU IPHOtSTERY.
2ATrTR^s¥ETTnTu^o^teryTtet^quTh~^9r;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleared; expert carpet cleaning: strictly reM-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-3TO Eleventh st.
ME1UCAL. > *T
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methoOs guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. ODONNELL. 1018 Markt.
ST. GERMAIN HYGIENIC HOSPITAL.
The marvelous recoveries that result from
the HYGIENIC TREATMENT a» adminis-
tered by St. Germain are astonishing; con-
sumption, rheumatism, piles, neuralgia, lead
" poisoning, ulcers, old sores, the stubborn*^
things. St. Germain does not practice medi-
cine or *urse»y— simply HYGIENICS. Cci.
Howard and Eighteenth sts. Ready May 1.
DR. AND MRa DA VIES. 1™S Market, ladle*'
ipectaltsts; S2 years" practice: all caaes treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy: » reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive cure
guaranteed, at office; patients treated enn re-
turn »am© day; thone wishing to treat fhem-
sMven shouM send for the Hindoo Herb Horn*
Treatment: harmless: consultation free.
DR nn.1 MRS, GOODWIN. 1M5 Market ti.TfrT
«th— Expert upeclattnts; well known anil reli-
able: 25 yrn. existence; treatment RuaruntrM
to give Instant relief from all female trouble*;
ftvtild tneom potent ¦p»cUll»t»: consult free.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable speclalUt: :5 yrs.*
successful p'rnctlpe; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and. during
<-onflnem»nt. >42 Pout, hot. Hyde and Lorkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. U18 Market— Reliable \*~
dlea* specialist ; best medlcnl care; low fee*.
ALL «*«• of female complaints cured; expert
for 87 yearn. Dr. V. Poppor. ZZl Kearny »t.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market it., bet. Maaoa
and Taylor— Reliable ladles' specialist.
MINGS AMI MIXING.
MONTEZUMA COPPER AND COAX*
Montesuma Copper and Coat.
Monteasuma Copper and CoaL
Has It ever occurred to the reader of these
advertisements that the Montezuma Mining Co.
has. by reason of Its new coal leases, an Im-
mense advantage over any other mining com-
pany less favorably situated? Such is the fact.
The Montezuma Company will mine its own
ccal, make its own coke and burn that coke In
its own smelter, thus reducing operating ex-
I>en3es to the minimum. At the same time it
Will escape the probable exactions of the smelt-
Ir.K trust. .
The Montezuma Mining: Co. Is selling stock
to continue development on its 24 copper prbp-
ertles and to build a smelter on its own lands.
Over 40 men are workins ¦ on. the copper and
coal properties.
If you don't know It now you will one day
awake to a realization of the fact that "Cop-
per Is King." and that the Monteiuma is In
a position to- richly reward for a lifetime the
holders of its stock. We have in our offlce the
copper ores, the coal, the coke and printed
matter containing: valuable Information.
.Our special excursion for Tacoma and Seattla
¦tviH leave San Francisco June 13. Send for
excursion folder.
For a short time the stock In offered at 10o
per share cash or 12c per shav on installments.
Any amount will be sold for cash, but not less
than SCO shares on the installment plan. In-
stallment terms— 5C0 shares, $6 down and $S
monthly; 1000 shares. $10 down and $10 monthly:
larger quantities at proportionate prices; 3000
shares, $50 down and $13 monthly. Including
free round-trip excursion ticket. ;
Did vou ever before hear of a mining com-
pany that was willing and anxious to show Its
properties to Its shareholders, big and little,
and would pay the expenses ot a trip to th»
mines? That's what the Montezuma will do.
Write for prospectus.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
, Financial Agentsv
310 Safe Deposit building, corner California and
Montgomery sts.. San Francisco, CaU
Telephone Main 6803. '
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. ?d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have aMarge stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready mads;
we can ship - everything: In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1013. 1C21. 1023 Mission st./
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
8 H. P. STEAM boiler. $70: 5 H. P. steam, br.,
$43; 5 H. P. motor. *S5; % .H. P. Hicks gaa
engine, $35; lot of tents and bath tubs, cheap,
LIVINGSTON. KS Mission St.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 215 Spear, st.
ASK for the- 2-stone diamond and opal ring;
price $60; cost J10O. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. 12 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery at.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, S30 Kearny st. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and Georgre Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S_ R... CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. K.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
$20 SPOT cash will buy a new family *ewln«r
machine this week: $63 kind; 10CO sold; all
satisfactory. SMITHS'. 27 Market st.
FOR sale — A double baby bugsy In good condi-
. tlon; cheap. 363 Linden ave.
¦ 1'ICTCLE — Gents' Cleveland. 1901 model; new;
very cheap. Box 3844, Call offlce. .
WINE flltera. crusher, champagne apparatus,
etc.. at WM. RUEFF'S, 118 Day st.
FRESH young Holsteln cow; good milker: gen-
tle; sell or trade for dry cow. 83 Shotwell st.
GAS, steam, oil and mining machinery bought
and aold. Livingston. 5o3 Mission at.,- nr. 2d.
CANARY birds; choice stock; male and fe-
. male. 1377 Minna, rear l.~>th; upper flat. .
2C0 LIGHT marine set, directly connected; good
shape; cheap. H. 3. WHITE. 518 Mission at.
EJtOlNES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beal* at.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
MAGIC lanterns, new aad 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & ERECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOrS WA5TS.
SECOND-HAND windmill complete; capacity
tank about 30CO gallons; state particular
price, etc. Address Station Agent. Cort«
¦ Madera. _^ ..
TILTON wants good second-hand clothios and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; teL Folaom 2523.
MOXEY TO LO.U.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of -your friends or you will los«
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY *
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY
¦ 630 Sarket st. Loans on estates - in probate!
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amonnt: * per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st Boor.
Chronicle building. - HALLORAN "A OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
• est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
'st.; tel. Mala 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 wp; bo removal;
no commission; private. Room n, I Eddy st.
SAX FRASCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of 'The Ean Francisco
Ca... corner of Market and Third streets; open
until « o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o. m.
£00 Hayes etreet: open cctfl ?:30 p. m.
C3 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 P- ~-
C15 Larkln street; op' until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 P- m-
t2Cl Market etreet. corner -ixteentn: open
er.til S d. tn. '
1106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m. |
3C56 Valencia street: cpen until » P- m-
Kcrthwect corner Twenf-secoad and Ken-
:cky streets; open until 9 p. m. ______ i
"^ MEETIXG SOTICES.
OLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16.
K TVGolden Gate building. «S Sutter «g^
st.— Officers and members are hereby aw
notified to assemble in full uniform at Ug£)
the asylum TO-DAY, at 1:15 o clock. — '
for the purpose "'""^.^VT^d
our late freter. FIR HERMANN J. SAU-
LKR ROBERT MCMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder. ,_
( WEDNESDAY). April 17. 1901. at lj30^«
o'clock p. ml. at Masonic Temple, .far" ~* »
the funeral of our deceased brother, , Hermann
JuliUb Sadler. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
CROCKETT LODGE No. 139. F.. & A. , »
M.. D. 3d. THIS EVENING. April 17, ~M%-
Ef 7:3D o'clock. By order of the W. J\J\
M. 1 ' H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. / '
KXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F; and A." • m
M— Special meeting THIS (WBDXES- «JV-
DAY) EVENING. April 17. at 7:30 l^X
o clock. Second degree. ' ' *w '
THEO. E. SMITH. Sec.
MISSION Lodjre No. 169. F. and A. M.— m
failed meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _f_-
EVEN1NG, at 7:.J0 f ,\\nrk. Third <3e- TC 2P
cree. R. E. ALLAN, Secretao*. i^V^
MORSE Ix>dge No. 2J7. I. O. 6. <£»rffofc.
F..— Initiation THIS EVENING. 'a5e2*SrC
Ajirfl }7. All members nre • re-
fluestod to be present. Visitors hwm»
cordial!}' invited. By order
MARK A. DIVINE. N. G.
C. HRIND. Rec. Sec^ ,
LABORERS to hold n-.ass-meeting SATUR-
DAY EVENING. April 20. under the auspices
of the Laborers" Protective Union No, K944.
A. F. L. : a matto-mettlng will be held at
Teutonla Hall. 12T0 Howard »t.: prominent
labor lender* will iiiMrt-s> the meeting.
AC15.NTS WAMKD/
AOENTS wanted— County rleht» for best hart-
ware novelty in America. Apply between 8
and 10. W. K. 1'AI^MICR. New Westeni Hotel.
Abor'iTox.
GOOD hrime cpen for hfalihy boy nnd «trl
t.Mtir. mi;s UK FUNKK, 1418 Sth. Alameda.
~Asi ; ir\i7Tot hookim;.
J. rnLTIER. aFphnlt rooflnf. tMowalks r»>-
t a'.T-'i: j.-vtnt. use Mtunlon: >'.. FoUom JS07.
AlTOnXKl!* AT UA\\\
/iDVICn free: dlvorrt? law a specialty; private;
no fee without niccrm; collection!. O. W.
HOWE, ntty at law. SSO Market, cor. Stocktn.
AI>VICE St**: no ohnrges unless Buccestful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON, S27 Market. Ft., opp. Hwon,
L R. CLAHK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. '.•!.' Mar-
ket rt. : ccnsultatinn free: no fees In advance.
UO /HIDING Toil CI1ILDRKN.
LADY with nice home would like one or two
rhllJrrii. ov«»r 2 yearn old. to care for. MRS.
A. BURROUGHS. 703 27th Bt., Oakland.
WANTED— Child or baby to care for; reason-
able. Eox S7u7. Call office. .'
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or S children to
board: yard: be*t of care. 1C07 California Bt.
IKSIN-SS CHANCES.
I wTsTTto s?ll my business; first-class peying
barroom claee to Chronicle building; stock
•and fixtures will invoice about- «5uO; price
12750: my ascnt. R. G. WILKE, 26Vi Kearny
Bt. will give you particulars as I must leave
at cr.^p for Seattle. CHAS. F. T. j
A — SrCO— BAREEB shop; Market and Mason
ets.; rood business. R. G. WILKE, 26Vi
Kccitv st^
A— J1K0; RESTAURANT and coffee Baloon on
Kearny s=t. • rent $75; clearing- $180 per month;
daily receipts about $09. Call R. G. WILKE. j
26% Kearny st. j
A— J2C00; HOTEL of 15 rooms, barroom, dining-
hall, etc.; rent $"5; place established many
years: doing c. steady, good-paying business;
rare chance for party sptaking French and i
German. Tt. G. WIKKK. 26V4 Kearny st. |
A— $230; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
ery with living rcoms; corner; Western Ad-
dition; rent S10; good business; clean store.
Call K. G. V.'ILKE. SC^ Kearny st.
A— $C50- PARTNER wanted In commission
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% -Kearny.
.•S — $4CC0 ; SALOON en Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent 5135; sickness in "family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Cali R. G.
•WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $2CC0; PARTNER wanted in old established
flower store, with nursery, hothouse, etc:
¦ boiler, horses wagons, plants and trees of
all description; established many year« and
doing a money-making business. Particulars |
R. G. WILKE. 2CU Kearny st
A^-tlSi-iO; DELICACY and provision store- 1
t'ock from Market st. ; daily receipts from
S3S to J4O: a first-class, paying tmsiness. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny Et.
AAA— ICO CIGAR Etands, 200 groceries and bars.
SCO candy and ice cream stores. 5C0 restaurants.
P00 stores of all kinds: partners wanted.
Parties with J100 up can be suited. If "you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S38 Market st.
FOR private tale; some of the best saloons in
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO., 83$ Mrkt.
A — J1GCC — CORJCER grocery and bar: good stock,
cash regh-ter, sare, horse, wagon; receipts
J1C00 month. STRAND & KAISER, 209
Kearny st.
A — $.VjO— PRIVATE boarding-house; well furn.;
clears $73 mo. Strand <fc Kaiser, 209 Kearny.
GROCKRY and bar on Howard St.; rent $50;
4 living rooms and stable; large basement;
12500. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market st.
RESTAURANT: clears $150 a month: dowa-
town: $»00; gocd loca'.icn. JOSEPH BAILIE,
759 Market et.
JT5C— PARTNER wanted in an old established
cat*h business; owner well known practical
business man ; . profits average $S0 a month
' to each. Particulars with DONNELLY &
CO., €32 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery anS
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen i
Ftcres: alro restaurants, barber shops and
saloons. FISHIZR & CO.. 935 Market st.
A— ISM; CROCKERY, glassware and stoves, ;
with f.xtureg worth $1000: rent $23; fine open-
Ing for a bazaar. Kredo & Co., 32 Flood bldg.
J25O— GROCERY snd bar; 4 rooms: rent $14: re- i
' ccipts $15 a day. Kredo & Co., 32 Flood bldg.
I JO NEW RESTAURANT bargains! We have
the btst bargains In the city. Call LUNDIN
& CO.. iOC Market et.
$2200— HOTEL and bar; fine bar trade; Pacific
st. LUNDIN & CO.. 806 Market st.
uocci
"WANTED to invest In some good legitimate
business by an active business man. Address
. in strict confidence box 3790. Call office.
A— $£0; RESTAURANT: no better location in
the city; this is • positively worth over $1000.
but it must go Immediately. Busiress Board
of Trade. 226 Pine Bt.: phone Davis 326.
R500 — FOR sale, well paying liquor Btore and
wine house; transfer comer; fine basement;
everything new; owner having' other busl-
ncEs. ¦ Box 2S4C. Call office.
QUARTZ piine for sale or lease; 4 -stamp mill.
I wa;ter power; will sell cheap or lease on
favorable terras. Address room 6. SOS Broad-
way, Oakland.
57^— LADY partner for shooting gallery. £22
Telegraph ave.. Oakland; hours ll to 3 daily.
$125— DAIRY produce . store, 757 Lacuna Bt.;
must be sold to-day at sacrifice.
TO .LET— Good fruit stand " for /right man;
good location. Box 3£!7, Call' office.
fcMALI^ grocerv and liquor store at a bargain.
Cor. Clipper and Sanchez, bet. 25th and CCth.
FOR Sale — Half-interest in first-class patent;
cheap. Box 2£42, Cail office.
FOR sale— A good general merchandise store in
city. Box 3765, Call office. ,
NICE bakery, notions and candy place; estab-
lished 20 years. 106 Eleventh st. >y^ i
PENSION — Active partner wanted In long-es-
-tabllshcd business; small capital required:
small expense; quick returns ; best refs. given
& required. Pension Partner, box 3731. Call.
BARBERS — Byrnes' Hotel barber shop and
-. bathhouse. Woodland. Cal., must be sold
this.we?k; price $li0. complete.
BUILDING to be removed May 1; complete
restaurant' furniture for sale at a bargain.
2$ Firtrt st. ,-¦-.¦¦¦
$5W— SALOON; old-established corner: 2 living
. rooms ; % n:ust seil; other business. 554 FourtU-
jvoo— PARTNER in dyeing," cleaning; good man;
experience not necessary. 1421 Point Lobos av.
F.OR sale — Good saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany. Box 372S. CaU offlce.
FOR-eale— Cood-payinp branch bakery, deli-
catessen store. Bex *."3S, Call.THE SAN FRANCISCO OAL.L. WEDNESDAY, APRIL, 17, 1901.
11
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
WANTED — 3 unfurnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; north of Market; central. Box 3845, Call.
WANTED — By man and wife (no children). 1J
or 4 furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; state price and full particulars. Box
3777. Call office.
ROOMS AVAXTED.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TO LEASE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* Inur itiiri nr* Hum t* nrrlt • i%«
NAN FHAN«:iM<:o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.*
Z.BATB — Fnou April 14. 1301. — AMm
.
?:3Oa Benicia, Suisun, Elmlr», Vacmrills,
Kumaey au<l &acr»_euto 7:53 p
?:30a Davis, Woodland. Knight* Landing.
MsrriTille. <>Tf»illa_ 7:S.tp
.. -TiSOa Atlantic K. x press— Ogdsn aod East 12iS3r
»:«<» a Martinez, Sau lUmou, Vallejo, Napa,
Caliatnga ami iSanta ltosa 0:23p
' 8:OOa Li»er_orr, Stockton, H*iiford, Vita-
lia, t*orteniil« 4h2*F
»:«»* "Nilis. l—throp. Merced. PWuo, Ba-
kirsflold 4:33 r
8:8Oa Sa~xa Express— Daria, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Ked
Bluff. Portland... 7i33ff
Mi:ioa Sim Juse. Lltennore, Stockton,
lone, tiaoramriito. l'lacfulilo,
M;«ry»»ill«\ Cbico, Itt-.l lllurf * -«>23r
K:SOa OakiUIr, Chinese <Yosemit«). So-
nora. Carter* 4h23p
«»:<»(»» Haywardi, Nilra aod W»j Stations. I IiSAa
v»:O« a Los Angeles Express — Martlnm,
Tracy, I_ttirop. .Stockton. Merced
FrcMiio »ml Los Augelea 7:53 v
9<S»4 Vallt-jo. Martinez ami Way Station* ai3.?r
I OtOI>_ Thtf OTcrlaml Limited— Ogden, Den-
ter, Umahm, Chicago 6i»3r
fl:OOr 8acrniiiriit.il UI*«rS>.e>iiii«M f.iirtOA, -
3>S»p llajT-nriK iNiten aud Way Htatlnna. ?:53r
- a = :i'ip rortCoita, Martinez L_throp. Mer-
ced ; BcrenrU (Yoaemiie). l'reaoa_ 3:23*
4iU»r lleuicla, Wiuters, Naorameiito,
WwitliAiitt, KiiIkIiIi Lnuclliu,
Murymlile, Oro.llle 10:35a
4:«i»r Martinez, Hail lUmim, Vallejo. i
Ni»l>u. l.'niiiitoic*. Kant* lion* »•»•"**.
4iOOp Nile*. Uvermoro, Stockton. Lorfi... IOiSSa
•fiSur Hiywdrds. Mle» Man .lone, liTcrmore t^ lA '~
3:00r Tho Ont Limited— Tracy, Stockton,
¦ * Fresno, Uakersfletil. .Saugim (or
Santa Barbara, _•¦¦ Angeles 8:33*
6:««r Ilayn-antH, Nllmi nnd Han Jose 7:5.1*
t«:OOr VkMi.Jo lls»3«
«:««»!• Oriental Mall-OgdcD. Cbeyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:21p
8:00f Oriental Mall-Ogdeo, Denver,
Omaba. Chicago. 4:33f
TtOOr Or«K»» and California Kxprera.Hao- '
rRiiientu. Marseille. Kr.l.l1i.«,
1'ortlniMl. I'Hget Minimi ami Kast S>394
IMi.irSan Fab'o, Port Costa, Mirtiaes
iiml Way .Stations lliiKU
l*:03f' Vall»]o 7»SAy
COAST LiINK <K_rr«i» «Jan R e).
(Footot Market Street. >
t?s 10a Hi'uta, Ciuz Excursion to riant* Cros
and Principal Way Stations !8:02r
¦iI3a No— art. Oiil«rY!!lH,Mftii .lose, FV Itim,
• . Itou!<lerCn-ek..S_itaOriixandWay
Ktatlona 5»3»r
f3il.Tr Newark, Centervllle. '. ai Jrao, Nrnr
Alina<l«u, Fnl bill, llonl<l«r Oreuk,
HanU (,'fttz ami l'rluclpal Way
Stations ?IOiil«»A
4ilSr Newark, H«iu Jose. Los Gatos { Jl«_t*_
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
friin SI a milGlSCO— r»l if NirkU SlmKSli? 8)—
nfl5 9:00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:30 6:15'.tf.
rriiaOllUlIB—. r..t .!Br«»4».j.— 1*:00 $8:00 tS:09
10:UO«. M. 12:C3 3:03 1:03 r.«.
COAST LINE <KrM.I Want;*).
. (Thlnl wild Towiineml frta.)
till* A htrntli Halt VraiiclKCo, Palo _Uo.... (tittup
t?:»<>A S,iiJo«l»nil W HI Stall. .im llMf
/T«««aN«w Almxtmi. / l:3Or
J7:I."Va Sundry _xcur»fon for Pan Jcre,
Sarta tnu. Pacific Grore and
Piitidpul Way Station* JS«30»
SiflOA Coist Line Limited, San Jo**, GilrOT.
Salinas, Paso ltobles.' S«n Lni»
Obispo, Lompoc, Bants C.rWa,
Los ADgeles 10:43r
UtO»AM*ii .lost). Trm I'Iiiim, Hunt* Urn*.
J'»itiiic (Wore, ralhns. Ban Lais
Oblspo ami Principal iut— roedhta
St»ti..nf. -. ¦ 4U1O-
1O:3Oa Ban Jose and Way Stations.. 7<3<»r
I Ii3»a Han .lone ami War .Stations SiUMp
12: li>p Ban Matro, Keitwooit, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. Han Jose.
Tres PInoB. Hanta (,'ru*. Saliuas.
Monterey »n.l f»cillc flroTo |I«:I3%
f *¦:<»>- San Jose and Way Stations Si3<»a
Hrl-.p AanJoseaiKl Principal Way Stations »>43a
o4:43r Sunset UmlW-El Pibo, New Or-
leans atd East e 10:1**
ISsOOrSan Jose, Los Gatos aod Principal
Way -Stations f»t»S»
a>3Or San.Joar ami Principal Way Stations R:S«A.
«:aop Pan .Jog- ami Way .Stations )S:»<»A
7:00r K«~ Orleans Eipresx, Ban Jose,
Sant* Barbara, Los Aogales, D- m-
Inr. El Paso, New Orle*n* and Esst 7iAOa
T:OOr Del Monte. Montcrer. Pacific drove,
¦ ' Loapoc.. lOr.l.lr
qll;4.tf 3a» Ji.»» ami Way Ktatlona 7t3O>
A for Morning. P for A/ternoon.
t Snn.lar excepted. t Sunday Only,
f Wednesdays. ' / Tu-s days and Friday*.
c Bandars. a Saturday only.
CALIFORHIi SOROTESTEBJ RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35. 3:30.
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:*)
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m. „
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: l:S0. 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 r>. m.
San Rafael t* San Frnnclie*.
WEEK l>AYS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; «:«.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.&>
SUXJ>A : fs-?s:S; 9:40. 11:10 a. m, 8 1:40. 3:40.
Between San^ranclsco and Schuetxen Parlc.
same schedule aa above. ______—-
Leave j In Effect I Arrtir*
San Francisco. 'April 15. 1801. f Ban Fryiclwo.
Week I Sun- I | Sun - I ¦"*««"
Days. I days. [ Destination. I days. 1 Dnva.
7:30 atnr 8:00 am| Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:0o pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pmj Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:2Z P"»
' T Fulton.
7-30 ami Wlndavor. «»:» am
Healdsburg.
.' "v : « Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm S:Q0am qoverdale. 7:35 pm %:U pm
730 am! I Hopland I iW:J5 am
3:30 pm| 8:0O am| and UMah. ( 7:35 pmj «:22 pm
7-30 air. 1 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. I 7:33 pm
IM pm I I < :22 P m
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
I - and , • • i
t:10 pm »:C0 pmj Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 pm «:22 pm
7:39 am) S:0O am) 110:*} am',10:23 am
3:30 pm{ 5:00 pm| Sebaatopol. I 7:«j pmj t:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs and Whit? Sulphur Springs;
at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skajnrs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Eartlett
Spring?: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley"*, BucknelKs.
Fanh*drin Heights. HullvtHe. Git's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, -WestDOrt. Usal.
WllletU. Laytonville. Cummlnsa. B*ll's Springs.
Harris, Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. K0 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing. R- X. RYAN, j
U. C. WHITING. Gen. Paaa. A«_/
General Manager.
I:>5: MeA VTOV 1 .' «fc CO;.
FUNERAL ¦ DIRECTORS & EMEALMERS,
1239 Market St.. -between 8th and 9th.
Telephone South 247.
JOHNSON— RIFFIL— In this city, April 10.
¦ 1901. • by ¦ the ¦ Rev. W. M. Reilly, August H.
Johnson and .Olive Rlffll,
LEWIS— BRANDT— In this" city. April 16, 1902,
by the Rev. S. D. Hutsinplller. ¦ Joseph a.
Lewis and- Henrietta C. 'Brandt, both' of
Pinole, Contra Costa County, • Cal. ¦
WARREN— WILCOX— In this city. April 13,
1901, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Arthur War-
ren and Evelyn Wilcox.
MARRIED,
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
-•-,¦.• SI EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With' Any- Other House.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS,
, BOBKT.
HUGHES— In Pinole, March 2fi. 1901, ! to ' the
wife of W. B. Hughes, a daughter.
JAMIESON— In this city. April 15, 1901, to the
. wife of John Jamieson,. a son. ¦ .¦; :
rsuccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
°0 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
- Telephone South 8a
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
John P. Bacig-alupl. 26. 21 Lafayette place,
and Lidia A. Richards. 28. 134 Twelfth street.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: '
William Gibson; 37, 179 Fourth street, and
Isabella O'Brien/ 39. city. - -
William Beal, -48, 325^ rtush street, and Ber-
tha T. Lewis. 46, S25% Bush street. j ¦ -
".¦Frank il. H. Poulson, 22, 32 Fell street, and
Nellie F. NeidefTer, 18. 22 Fell street. !
Eugene Smyth. 44. Menlo Park, and Cather-
ine Moynihan. 40, S29 Pine street.
Edsrar L. Clark. 38, Watsonvllle, and Cl'ira
11. Cassady, 28, Watsonvllle.
Martin Cuchan, "32, Jackson, and Ahtonia
Turato. 23. 447 Broadway.
Henry Girau, 34, S'i6 Jessie street, and Am-3-
he Bernet. ! 30, 504 Stockton street.
¦ Alex Benr.rd, 43, ESO Brannan street., and
Josephine Filben, 34, 919 Guerrero street.
John E. Soderman, 29, SO" Montgomery street,
and Amanda Wirack, 26, 1913 Pacific street. •:
Michael J. O'Connell. ¦ 35,' De La Mar. ; and
Delia Flynn. 32, 23S Minna street.
Jo.«e S. OlP.ttl. 38,' 734 Broadway, . anil Sil-
veria Arrellano, 27, 316 Greenwich street.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
I lust a little better 5
than any other train y
—a little better service— @
a more homelike g
feeling on Iht g
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
H than you find elsewhere, n
| and it runs like this |
§ LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
19 am Mon Tues Wod Thur Fri Sat Sun 1
ARRIVES CHICAGO |
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed g
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO |
¦' ON. THE I
ARE YOU G T BUFFALO?
THE
UIuul WuUuSIl It! Hi
HAVE
A FIRST-CLASS TRAINS A
from the West Direct JL
To BUFFALO and
EASTERN POINTS WITHOUT CHANGE.
Ask Your Agent About th«
WABASH.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. A..
St. Louis, Mo. ¦
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. A..
Lcs Anzeles, Cal.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd | Local
Dally. Dally. Dally, i Daily.
2.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p Tittp
" Merctd .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
•' Fresno... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hainford... 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia .. 4:1<> p 4:10 p 4:45 a
'• Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:Z7 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld.. 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
6:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping , Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bafcersncld for accommodation of local
nrst-class passengers. •¦ No second-class
ticket* are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
S:CO p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. alto Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding tialn arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaqutn Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
- Of fices— C41 Marker* etreet and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing September JO, _oo.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
-AND SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— «:55, *9:1Z. 11:00 a. m., 'IMS.
S:15. 4:C0, 6:15, -6:15, 0:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and 8an
Rafael on Wednesdays and Satur-
day* at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. -10:00. .-11:30 a. m.. •::„.
3-13 m i:i3", 6:30, 9:00 p. 'm.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL .TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20, -«:30, 7:43, 9:30 a. m..
•l'-30. 1:43, *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 -and 10:20 p. m. -
SUNDAYS-6:20. -8:00. -10:<)0, *11:45 a. m.,
?1-43 *2:13. 4:43. -6:30 p. m.
Traln3 marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:55 2:10, 3:30. 4:54, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:03, 2:15, 3:33.
5:00. 6:43 p. m.
, THROUGH TRAINS.
; 6:53- a. m. week days— Cazadero and -way
stations. -
1:43 p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. . ...
8 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way sta-
tions. . . . *
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sans— ito Ferry— Foot of Market St.- •
tv. saw rnait. " »r.s»n man.
9:15 A.M.") WTrtMT t>av«j (3:00 p. _.
1:45 p. m. J- WE_K DAYS 1 6;i - p
4:00p. m.J Stay over nightat the tavebx (.10:35 a.m.
8:!» a. M.I f l:*»p._.
11^0 a' „' f"~ SUNDAYS™! I 4-2&P m'
1:15 P.M.) • I 5:53 p!m!
• l"are. San Francisco to Summit and Retorn. $1.40. .
Tic-er Offices. 621 Market St.. «fc Sansallto Ferrv.
/^~~1& r * Gabon's Dispensary,
jffj*>g-Jm 6—9 KEABST STfeEstablished
Kifi^^tfh 1 " IS34 for the treatment of I'rivnte
]wi_/ *t-M_y7 D'*»'" s es. I«o»t Manhood. Debility or
<W9J?Spm3£4 ( ' 1si ' i1s ' wearingoti hndy anil mind nnd
t_3JQ5tgVr_%|Skin Diseases. Tlie Doctorcurcs wlnri
i^jftKyMf*!?:! others fail. Try him. J-harsr^s low-.
t^3e? ! 5_B0K_S *"««r«»« srunrstitterd. Call or writs;
»r. J. JF. tilBKoS', bail Francisco. Cal.
PERSONALS— Continued. I
ELECTRIC light In every room-Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Bt.. near Market: "700 rooms;
23c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free *bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or clans. MISS A. V.
j DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet Polk and Van Ness.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
and photos, at all first-class art stores. . j
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Ued. 136».
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists. ¦ -
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021 Market Et.. between 'Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE — •CI'Ty-- ;f*?lV ?_ A _k~^
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
A GREAT BIG SNAP-42:4rl37:6 feet, on best
bltuminlzed block of Pine St., north side; ele-
gant residence of 11 rooms and bath, stable,
driveway, etc.; ground alone worth more than
price asked; rents low. $50 per month; new
bank loan of $5000 can remain; larger mortgage
can be obtained; price JGuCO.
BEAUTIFUL SITE FOR FL.">'S— E8 feet in'
the famous Mission warm belt, north side; 2
carllnes half-block; flats here rent for $37 50
per month each; price $£600.
PIERCE-ST. RESIDENCE— Elegant modern
house of 7 rooms and porcelain bath; light and
sunny; this is a char/aing home and thrown
away at $3250.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE— House,
8 rooms and bath; light and sunny; Haight-st.
cars 1 block; bltumlnized street; price $2S00.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— 6 flats
of 4 rooms each; never idle and paying every
month $52. Why leave your money in the
cavlngs bank at. 3- per cent; lot 32:6 front;
price $5000.
SACRAMENTO-ST. INVESTMENT— Modern
house, 7 rooms and bath; also 2 rear flats; lot
25xlC3; beautiful neighborhood; close to Fill-
more Et.. and the price only $6250. ' ,
ENTIRE WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK—
Fronting on Park; 412x275 feet; 38 building lots;
3 blocks from Van NesS ave.; can sell this
for the assessed value and for one-half of
what opposite property sold for; will consider
trade; price $21,000; one-quarter cash, balance
mortgage, 6 per cent.
A LARGE BEAUTIFUL HOME, only one
block from the Park Panhandle; cars pass; 9
rooms and bath; $3500 bank mortgage can re-
main orgcan arrange more liberal terms. This
property/absolutely MUST BE SOLD.
Speculators and homct-eekers see thle; there's
a thousand dollars profit waiting for you over
our price of $5000. ANY OFFER SUBMITTED.
• EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Et.
AUCTION. ~—
AUCTION.
AUCTION. *
TUESDAY. APRIL 3flth. 190L
At 12 O'clock Noon,
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market" Street.
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE— No. 316 Page St.,
rr. Buchanan; elegant residence, 11 rooms;
l'grht and sunny: very large lot, 57:6x120. to Liiy
ave. ; mortgage $8000.
MISSION FLATS— No. 1109 Treat ave.;. two
handsome flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rear
cottage and stable; lot 23x112:6 ft. to rear
street. •¦ ¦ ¦ ':.-'
POINT LOBOS AVE/ CORNER LOT— SW.
corner Point Lobos ave. and Parker ave. ;v Six
125 ft. "• ¦ '- ' ; -•;
NEW MISSION COTTAGE— No. 1117 Sanchez
Ft., nr. 24th; new cottage, 6 rooms and oath;
all modern conveniences; lot 25x75 ft.
HAIGHT-ST. FLATS-No. 226 to 28 Haight
et., nr. Buchanan; 3 flats, 7, 7, 6 roon.s and
bath; large let-. 30x137 ft.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS— No. 3574-78
Nineteenth St., nr. Dolores, nr. Guerrero; 3
bay- windowed flats of 5, 5, 6 rooms and bath;
rents $53; lot 23x100 ft.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— No. 78
Clementina st, nr. 2d; 4 flats, 5, 5, 3, 3 rooms;
rvnt $43 per month; lot 23x80 ft.
HARRISON-ST. COTTAGE— No. 3223 Harri-
«>on st. . nr. Preclta ave.; cottage, 5 rooms; lot
23X100 ft.
OAKLAND.
NE corner Webster and 13th sts.: flna busi-
ness "comer !n the center of Oakland, under
lease $1CO per month; lot 50x100 ft.
ALAMEDA.
SE. corner Park st. and Railroad ave.; fine
business corner: well improved; all rented;
Itrced sale; lot 50x97 ft.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market street.
W. F. AMBROSE &¦ CO..
REAL ESTATE BROKERS.
41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
$40,000— Elegant downtown investment; 40x80;
Stockton, nr. Post; substantial build-
Ings.
121 COO— Manufacturing district; Beale, near
Market.
$2600 — Cheap Mission cottag-e: 5 rooms and
bath and stable: Diamond, nr.-18th; 2Sx
125; rent ?20 per month. . .
$2300— Cheap flats; 4 rooms and bath each; rent
$21; brick foundation; stone bulkhead;
26x100; Bryant, nr. 24th.
$2500— To close an estate; 2 flats, 5 rooms each;
25x125; 18th. nr. Castro.
CHEAP LOTS. -
J7C0O— McAllister, nr. Devisadero; 75x100.
$4000— Washington, nr. Cherry; 50x129.
• $5200— McAllister, nr. Broderick; 26x137:6.
$2000— Waller, nr. Belvedere; 25x108.
f 1100— Church, nr. 18th; 27xS8.
$1000— Second ave.. nr. California; 25x100.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle Building,
REAL ESTATE for sale by C. S. CAPP & CO.,
630 Market Ft.
Forty lots at $100 each, south of the Park..
Jcnes St., between Jackson and Pacific; house
of 7 rooms and bath, side garden, etc. For
Eale at a bargain.
O'Farrell st.. bet. Pnlk and Van Ness ave.;
Improved lot with 4 houses; well rented. »
Golden Gate ave.. bet. Baker and Lyon ?ts. :
lot 25x137:6, .with 2-story house, 7 rooms 'and
bath.
McAllister Et., bet. Baker and- Broderick;
neat cottage and large lot; cheap. '
Lyon St., bet. Bush and Pine; very fine cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath.
Six good 2-story houses; well rented; good
neighborhood. . - . . > •
Folsom st., bet. Thlnl and Fourth;"large lot,
100x100; old Improvements, rents $100 per month.
Fine ranch, 160 acres, adjoining Santa Clara.
Mill Valley, 50 acres, <rood level land; suitable
for pleasure grounds or city lots. '¦ ' ¦¦'¦ . ¦
_________________ _ ~
We have been instructed by the widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room house and lot, stable and outhouses,
19S Laidley St., cor. Fairmont sL; lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms, 140 Laidley st.; lot lOOx
110.
One lot, 50x121, on Palmer st., near Fairmont.
• One lot, 100x100, on Laidley st.. near Mateo
street.
Sale Tuesday. April 30, at 10:30 a. m.. on the
property.
The above property must be- sold regardless
of cost or value. This is a grand chance to
buy good property at your own price. *
Send for descriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUNRO & CO., Auctioneers,
Office 240 Stockton st., S. F. ; tel. James 1541.
FOR sale— A $6500 handsome 11-room residence
with a nice • improved lot, located half a
block from car- line; south front; splendid
view over the city and across the bay; only
$5000; easy payments. Box 37C3, Call office.
B \RGAIN— Lot on Washington st. ; marine
view; must sell to close estate: make offer.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market St.
>T a bargain — That elegantly decorated new
modern 10-room residence, 775 Cole st. ; open
¦" daily. : -
FOR sale— Well-constructed, N modern residence,
8 rooms an.-l bath. In a desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. 6C0 Mission st.
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. 530 California.
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Salsbury. builder. 1333 Market.
FROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy. Department,
Washington. D. C. until 12 o'clock noon. May
7. . 1901. . and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Naval Hospital
and the M. and S. Storehouse, Mare Island,
Cal., the daily supply of meats, groceries,
butter, eggs, cheese, ice. milk, bread, vege-
tables and provender for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1902. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the Naval Hos-
pital. Mare Island.- Cal.. or to the Navy Pay
Office, San Francisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY,
Paymaster General U. S. N. . 4-8-0L
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
gineer, Division of the Philippines. Manila.
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
m.. August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 150.000 Cublo
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
nibble masonry in breakwaters, about 6,000,-
. 000 cubic yards of dredging and a pllo bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, ?and
p.nd shells to" a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars {$100,000) In gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
cf the amount bid. The. right Is reserved to
reject any or all bids. . For specifications and
blank forms apply tor this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs. Washington. T>. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, I Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain. Engineers. -
PROPOSALS.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co., will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, on and after Saturday, April 20,
1901. Transfer books close Saturday, April
13. 1901, at 12 o'clock m. - ••¦.•« .
. - : . E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, April 15, 1901. — At
a regular meeting- of the beard of directors of
this company,, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after April 17, 1901.
LOUIS WE1NMANN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TVPEWIHTERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
hou:.<5 in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 036 California: telephone Main 2G6.
LOVELY HOME.
To lease, for a Ions term to responsible
party,- 40 acres of best land, good locality In
Santa Cru2 County; only half a mile from
depot; consisting of about '23 acres of best
wine grapes arhd balance best fruit; apples,
cherries,, plums, etc.; lovely- cottage, fur-
nished, also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc' ;
also fine winery and cooperage for 30,000 gal-
lons. Box 3841, Call office. . '
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2?20 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
Slor. st-^te!. Mint 1821. F.-W.-ZEHFUSS."
HEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
STORAGE AND .WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles: reduced ratea. 145 6th: phone Mint -5.
bEWIX- MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Flambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanase of 520 Lake St., San Francisco.
Cal., haa received the following orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April 1,
1901: Alice F. Debts, 10 years: Eleanor Rob-
erts, 2 years 10 months; Mary Phillips, 7
years; Annie Sharman, 6 years; Harriet
Sharman. 3 years 4 months: Lillian L. Kos-
felt, 2 years 7 months: Bertha Koepo, 3
years 5 months; Pauline E. Olson.' 9 years S
months; Frances Follis, 10 years 6 months.
BAD tenants ejected fcr $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 8-19; tel. 55RO.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 897 Market St.— La-
dies during confinement w. 10 rlavs' eare. *2Q.
ROO31S AXD OOAIIU WANTED,
WANTED— Room and cheap board for elderly
lady. Box 3781. Call office. ¦ i
TWENTY-FIRST, 3373 — Furnished room anil
board; good home cooking.
MOXr.V TO _ OAX— Continued.
ANT nmount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
pages undivided interest, real estate in pro-
liate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. S.
fCOO.OCO AT 6 per cent In sums to eult In city;
$150,000 on large ranches at lair rates: second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
_OV\*EST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
niehfft price for old gold, .silver, diamonds.
OX furn'.turt. pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market Et., room 6S.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOl'PLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
LOANS. J»t or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%. undi-
vided Ints. ; estates. HARPER. 297 Parrott big.
MONEY loaned salaried people -without security.
HILL, rm. 4t, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS on salaries without indorser or eecur-
lty; Eastern plan. Pearson, 309 Phelan bldg. '
I100.0C0 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Eansome st.. room i.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
3"O salaried people without collateral or ln-
dcrser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONEY WANTED.
$3000 WANTED in manufacturing chop; first-
class. Box 384J, Call.
WANTED— $30,000 for S years, 10 per cent; real
estate security. Address box 2SS2. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT BYROX MAUZY'S. S08 Post St.
Chickerirg $<0
HallMt & Davis 50
Dunham 73
Symphony 100
Gilbert & Co 123
Steinway 15G
Ricca - 150
Gab'.er : 275
Fteck Baby Grand <like new)... 450
Sohmer Baby Grand (like new) 750
These pianos are all in excellent condition
end thoroughly warranted, and can be ex-
changed in three years for a new SOHMER
cr BTRON* MAUZT Piano.
Pianos rented— Squares, $1 59; uprights, $3
up. and rent allowed en purchase.
ANY person having ue» for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
«-ass:<>st payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade from Stolnway down. Privilege
Fiven to exchange medium and low priced
pianos for a new Pteinway any time within
three year* from date of purchase. Beautiful
new upriKMs scIJ for $6 cash and $6 per
month We offer to sell some good pianos at
n J4 nnd (S per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
«-Vo.. Bteloway dealers, corner Kearny and
Sutter' sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway
and Thirteenth st., Oakland.
ABSOLT'TELT lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella upright... $6:. I Schiller $263
1 Kmerson upright.. 5M Gabler 13o
j Vose — il Waverly 1_
2 Stoinways l s "> uj> 1 Fisher upright 119
2 lleirep S15 w 1 Mafon-Hamlin .. 290
1 Ha'.let-Davis 43.'. I Hardinan 85
2 Hel-.r Bros 35711 Miller 123
ard fifty other*; rented and rent allowed;
rents *S up: we handle all makes; agents
for some of the oldest and most famous
rianos in existence: agents wanted. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 23" Geary st.
ABSOLUTE— T the oldest and largest house
mst til Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
TS nnd 30 O'Farrell Ft.; pianos, organs and
all ctr"T musical instruments of all grades
nnd prices: rerms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing rwMWlWf done to please j^nd satisfy the
customer.
fT is useless for you to look elsewhere for bar-
pains, as Tie have lots of them: you can buy
for cash or pavments and have many styles
to FPlert from. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769
Market st.
f PIANO snaps— $60. $75. $S0. $125. $130; eaey
payrnents: also Apollo elightly used, a bar-
pain. BEXJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell
et.. CMekering agency.
ELEGANT S-pedal upright piano; used 6 mos.;
must be racraflced <n 5 days. 618 Eddy st.
AT WILSON'S Storaffe. 1706 Market St.. you
can pet storage pianos almost for a song.
\Z pnrt month rent* a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CT-RTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
fl3. r ._ MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
217 Gear}' et.. room 38.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 up; rents and
ciFy payments. KLAUE, 2200 Fillmore st.
SPECIAL Bale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe nnd others. BRTJENN. 208 Post St.
O1GGF.ST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Hartman, Con-
over nnd others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BAHOAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
a NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tones. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister. J
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market Ft.. 4 elegant up-
rifrhtF at your own price. Shoninger agency.
EUPBRIOR violins. zi»hers. old and new. H.
Mt'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
fl.'j ITXLIj rent Ftore suitable for branch bakery
cr other business and 4 living rooms. Apply
at £36 Harrison gt.. near Sixth.
__
i CENTS per share; the greatest meney-mak-
ing opportunity ever offered: sold over 100.000
Flmres last week to the best people in town; •
PACIFIC STATES MINING AND INVEST-
MENT CO.. 326 Pest 6t. Open evenings.
Acents wanted.
IHIv W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil Lands in the
li^^t d'.Ftrfot*; Investigate: Fearless Oil and
Water Co.: a pood Investment; water trans-
portation. 4r<9 Kxamlner big., 464 9th. Oakland.
JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ. 330 Pine st.
VEMHFTR PnODCCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL tanks, second-hami. in pood order; all
*i7ry : rbeap. H. S. WHITE. Mfi Mission st.
OIL. LAKIM.
IC.fOO ACRES oil lani in various counties for
lea^e and rale. ROOINSON. 36 Geary St.. r. 6.
I'AINTEUS AXD OECOIUTORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartrr.an Taint <>., 219 3d Et. ; tel. Red 3521. •
V. A__ paper, w-njotr shades: rooms papered. $J
TALMISTRY.
rr^TKROME^OSSHLLI. scientific palmist. 515
Tavlor ft.. r*>t. Oary and Post: tel. Black 56L
PATENTS AXD TENSIOXS.
AWVJCE free: no charge unless successful.
• -.V<> •¦> fAMPTlFT^T.. ?*wt". Eninln'r Wf.
1-Aii r.\_ns \va.\t__.
\ WANTED— Doctor be partner on new discov-
ery, liox 23C7. Call office. -
\ i ¦ "
rEUSOXA_S.
a -IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on D«. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary et.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posl>
lively g-uaranteed; preparation »»nt to all
rarts of the world: call or rend for circular.
WE want reliable parties to sell goods on lib-
eral commission in out-of-town places; cash
prices will turprise you. Write S. C. S.. 27
Market Ft., San Francisco.
OR AT blaakets 75c pair to $3 for best heavy
California wool; a leader at ?3 50. Try
SMITHS'. 27 Market Et. ; ask for printed
liet free.
A GOOD dinner at a low price. Home Dining-
room, 27 Market Ft., sixth floor; take ele-
vator; finest view in town,'
WANTED — Those- having cancer or tumor to
write- for free book on home treatment of
this disease by absorption; no pain, no plas-
ter. C. A. MASON. M. D. t Chatham, N. Y.
C. l.ANDECKER. 20 Montg'y— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken. $1 ;guar.
i'KIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
_yfars' experience. J. B. RAY, S57 Jessie Bt.
HUE Micrcbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Oeary F t.. where they give you free treat-
ment for baUd heads, falling hair and dan-
oiun' : Microbane Hair Grower cures til cases;
¦t also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Mirrobane Medical Co.. 411 Geary gt.
I-'iGARETTE and tobacco habit cured *t
i.erne; $;; valuable information for liquor,
Morphine, opium, all drag habits. MRS.
_^n L _ LlA MS. IS39 Polk Et.. San Francisco.
REWARD- $1000 paid if your wrinkles, freckles
or sun. hair return after our treatment; sam-
ple fn-e at branch office. N. Y. Institute of
Dermatology, Glasgow bldg.. 105 Ellis st.S.F.
l J WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. ?i; -up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
pm overcoats, $13 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
fc'PRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market Bt.. nr. Sixth.
DID gc!<3. silver, diamonds and precious stones
boue.u. _J_n. JEXK__. 817 Market st.
JAMES' Dctecfje Rureau. 127 Montgomery «st-.
_r?° m n: P } '°"fc Bush 2S9: charges reasonable.
Ladies' _ ; erents* cast-off clothing bought &
scl-J. J. Saverrr.an. 8«! Folsom;tel.Folsom 1191.
SUNNY bay-window room with running water,
gas and bath. Apply 34 Eleventh st. .
TAYLOR, 106— Light- airy rooms, $5 up; also
furnished housekeeping rooms.
TURK, 542 — Furnished room; convenient for 1
or 2; private family.
VAN NESS, 930
Bachelor's apartments: elegantly furnished;
all south rooms: references. •
SUNNY rooms with board at 232 Haight St.;
also 2 large connecting rooms; suitable for
3 or 4 adults.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
O'FARRELL, 224 — Xlcely furnished sunny
rooms with modern improvements, $1 75 up
per week.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
oflices; el§vator: elec- lights; day, week. mo.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MISSION. 817— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; $10 a month.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; ?1 per week; transient. ....
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms, $4 and $5.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast, corner Seventh
•and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms,- en suite or
single: ladies* 'parlor; reading-room: elevator.
ELLIS, .725 — Large sunny furnished room; Ger-
man family; $5 per month.
EDDY, 473— Bright sunny single room;, clean
and neat; $5 per month. ¦ . • -
EDDY. .874 — Newly, elegantly furnished rooms;
new flat; running water.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334 rooms fu.-.Ms!ied or unfurnished.
DEVISADERO. 1311^—3 or 4 sunny handsomely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
I REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR »A_3."
B_aX E^STATE^ARGAINS
; • . » • FOR SALE BY
£ BALDWIN & HOWKLL.
?ll,5C0 — Laguna St., near Golden Gate ave. ; lot
. 30x87:6: three flats; rent $95. *
$20,000— Seventh st., near Mission; 100 feet front-
age; rents $125; near new Postofflce.
$7000— Rents $86; lot 50x75; store and flats on
Kich st.
$5500— Rues st., near Howard; lot 30x100; large
house. . (
$16,000— Lot 25x75; store and lodging-house; one-
half block from Fifth and Market sts.
$3000 — Twenty-fourth et.i near Sanchez; lot 23x
114; two flats; must be sold.
$5500— Rents $54; Guerrero St.; business prop-
erty, stores and flats; lot 37x87. !
$12,600— Howard-st. business corner; rents $90;
stores and flats.'
$8250 — Seventeenth-st. ¦ .business corner, store
and flats; rents $70. -
J1750— Dolores st.; nice cottage; lot 23x100.
$1750— Church St.; big bargain; house 8 rooms
and bath.
$C00O — Washington st.; 2-story brick building:
near Hall of Justice. " •
$15,000— Sutter 8t.; downtown; rents $210; busi-
ness property.
$11,500— Rents $120; business corner on Washing-
ton st.; brick building-. ¦
$9500— Rents 580: Sacramento st. ; nice loca-
tion; lot 35x137:6; five flats.
$950— Cottage of 4 rooms, near Hyde and
Union sts.
$17,500— Four large downtown flats; rents $140
per month: extra large lot; Powell st. .
$16,500— Rents $150; lot 51x137:6; Montgomery
St., near Jackson;/ large 3-story . brick
buildlnc. '
$32,500— Lot 50x87:6; McAllister St., opp. City
Hall: frame improvements.
$6500 — Rents $62 50; very cheap; \ three . flats;
near Larkin and Washington sts.
$2800— Jones st., near Union; marine view;
house, 6 rooms and bath. ; •¦
$19,000— Rents $177 50; three new flats; Calif or'
nla and Jones sts. ' -
$12,000— Eush St., near Powell; 4-story and base-
ment; pays well. ¦ .
t5000-Pierce st., n?ar Haight; nice two-story
houre, 7 rooms and bath.
$8500— Marine view residence; Vallejo St., near
Buchanan: lot 40x137:6.
$15,000— Rents $110; Sacramento St., near Devis-
adero; lot 55x127:8^. "
i J20.0C0— Butter-st. corner; 5 houses; rents $150;
fold to close an estate; large lot.
$14,000 — Rents $110; elpgant new flats, opposite
Alta plaza; Scott st. -•¦
¦ $S500— McAllister Bt.\ near Laguna; rents $S3;
lot 27:6x120 to rear street. '- ¦
$5500— Lyon st., near Hayes; three flats; rents
$50.
$14,500— Three flats. Haves St.; lot 35x137:6;
rents $100.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL—
SUNSET LOTS, 1
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
On the H-st. electric cars and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nlne-
teenth-ave. boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades; macadam-
ized; plank sidewalks, gas and water service.
Monrj' advanced for building purposes.
Call at once at our branch office, open
week daj's, Sundays and holidays, cor-
ner H st. and Ninth ave., -south of
Golden Gate Park, and ask to be shown
these beautiful lots. Full particulars
and price lists at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
¦ ". . 10 Montgomery st.
LOT In Mission — Corner, 25x90; excellent lo-
cality; residence district; suitable for gro-
cery or other business; no opposition.- 791
Stevenson st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California gt.
IlIiAL ESTATE COUXTKY For Sale
3U ACRES choice orchard and vegetable lar.d
in full bearing, $4000; cherries and apricots;
large barn, well, outhouse and chicken cor-
ral; Haywards, opp. Haywards Park, on the
electric railway; beautiful surroundings:- will
net 6 to 8 per cent as the place standB by
raising vegetables for early Eastern ship-
ments ; the above per cent can be doubled or
even trebled; fare on S. P. Co. $6 per month.
Room 4, 420 Montgomery st.
mT GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. by Call bldg.,
sells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc Print-
ed H-ts of farms and city p^nei-ty for sale.
160 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
a stock of -merchandise. Address L.. H. MON-
ROE, Placervllle, Cal. .
IN Mill Valley, a nice home for sale cheap
on account, of departure. 526 Xurk St., S. F.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co." real estate bargains.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
W.-K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 Park St.. Alameda.
$2700^Elegrs*nt 7-room cottagre; modern; lot
40x150; fine lawn; large basement; small pay-
ment down, $25 per month; one-half block to
station; 2 blocks to street cars.
$2250— Fine new modern 6-room house; 5
minutes' walk to station; easy terms;
See this —
$3000 — 9-room house, new; has never been
occupied; modern; lot DOsloO; a. bargain.
'. $4000— 9-room house; lot 115x200; offer wanted.
To let— Furnished 4-room cottage: piano: $25.
To let — New modern 7-room cottage; $18.
To .let — Furnished 3-room cottage; piano; $17.
W. K. CONGER & CO..
1501 Park St., Alameda.
Telephone Grand 176.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
HERKF.LEY REAL ESTATE.
$150 — ACRE lots: $10 cash, balance $5 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4?0-LOTS in the Wheeler Tract. W. C.
MORAN & CO., Lorln station and Schmidt
block. Berkeley. Ask for maps.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FUUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
4 ACRES In choice fruit, 5-r. cottage, etc.; for
salecheap. Ad. C.Michel, Elmhurst.Alameda Co.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
AN INVI^TME^finSR^HOTlE^NA^r^^
?30C0 each— Two 2-story houses, 8 rooms;
good order; rents *20 and $22 50, worth $25:
each lot 28 and 32 feet; sure business proper-
ty; f rents main strea:; solid blocks of stores
within one block; raust sell; see at once;
land worth more.
LAYMANC3 Real Estate Co.,
460-452 Eighth St.. Oakland.
FINE Oakland income property; rents »SIO; a
! snap for quick buyers. Box 2218, Call, Uakl'd.
. , OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
DENTISTS and physicians, attention— Com-
modious offices to let; -best location; electric
elevator service. ' Abrahamson building, cor.
Thirteenth and Washington sts., Oakland.
(IAKLAXD KUH.MTUHK KOK SALE.
AN Introduction to you frorrt'H. SchelibaasTthi
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS VOH HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 414— Newly papered; 3 sunny un^
furnished rooms, sink and; bath.
BUENA VISTA ave:, 4«] near Frederick— 3
fur. or unfur. rooms or more; fine grounds.
CLEMENTINA, 327—2 large well furn. rooms
for housekeeping; sunny; no other roomers.
EDDY, ,'74S — One 'large alcove room and three
others; furnished or unfurnished.
ELEVENTH, 120— 2 .sunny rooms, stove and
bath; $10; top floor. . . - \
ELLIS. 639. cor. Larkin — Large bay window;
$15; use of kitchen, $17; also room, $11.
FOLSOM, E34 — Sunny housekeeping room;
closets: stove; bath; private; $6 month.
GEARY, 729, rear— 3 rr 5 unfurnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; yard.
GOLDEN GATE ave., . 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms, nicely furnished; gas, bath.
HOWARD, S23 — Housekeeping rooms and sin-
gle; very reasonable.
HOWARD, 827A— Suite housekeeping rooms;
$2, $2 50. •' ¦
LANGTON, 236H— 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
MISSION, 1125H— Large housekeeping room:
$1 50. • ' . :
OAK, 119 — Large sunny room; running ¦ water,
stove, closet; furnished for housekeeping; $8.
SIXTH. 541— Front and back parlor for house-
keeping. $10; single room. $4. ¦
TURK, 613—2 sunny ftjrnlshed housekeeping
r'ms, gas range, r'nlng water in kitchen; $12.
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, ail Grant ave.^Best doN
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 10c up; flrst^cliss meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to tl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1416 Market ' (old- No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms..' suites, slncle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. $63, bet. Mason and Taylor— Nicely fur-
nished sunr.y rooms. - ..•.:>* . j
rC~Friends and acquaintances Are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday)! at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P.' Pfitersen, 22S McAllister street,
where fr.r.eral services will be held under
the auspices of Eureka I-rsdge No. 6. O. d.
II. iS. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city, April 16, 1901. Rich-
ard Schmidt, . a native of Germany, aged 40
; years.
STRFULI— In this city, April 16. 1901, Emtle,
beloved son of Mary I. and the late Emile
Streuli and brother of Ethel L.. Alma M. and
Mjra M. Streull. a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 years 3 months and 19 days. .
{CTInterment private.
THORMAHLEN— In this city; April 13. 1901.
Peter Thormahlen, a native of Germany,
,iced 54 years 3 months and 21 days. A
member of the Austrian Benevolent Society.
fry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
&2~FriPnds and" acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2S21 . Bush street, thence to St.
JDominlc'B Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
NATHAN— In Redlanda, Gernon Nathan, be-
loved husband of Frederika Nathan, father
of Hilda Nuthan, and brother of A. Nathan,
'a native of Germany, aged 42 years.
PERRY— In this city, April 15, 1901. Adolphus
Perry, a native of New York, aged SO years.
PETER— In this city, April 16, 1901. Henry Ed-
ward, dearly beloved son of Catherine and
the late Konrad Peter, and brother of BmiHe
and Ellse Peter, a native of San Francisco,
. aged 26 years 2 months and 16 days.
RACKLIFFE— In Oakland, April 16, 1901. John,
beloved husband of Ellen M. Raekllffe...and
kindest father to Frank Rackliffe and Mrs.
M. W. Duck, a native of Maryland, aged
72 years 11 months and 19 days.
REILLY— In this city. April 15. 1901. Theresa
Reilly, a native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
SADLER— In this city. April 14." 1901. Herr-
mann Julius, beloved husband of Minnie C.
Sartler. and father of Agnes F.. Erwin L.
and Herrmann J. Sadler Jr., aged 60 years
3 months and 24 days. _
(CTFuneral services -this day. (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, Post and
Montgomery streets. /
SCHMIDT— In this city. April 16, 1901, Henry
Schmidt, a native of Germany. A member
of Eureka Ledge No. 6, O. d. H. S.
[_?"The funeral will taie . place thia day-
(Wednesday), at 8:43 o'clock, from the par-
lors cf J. C.» O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a reauiem hfeh mass will be celebrated for
the rencss of his soul. comm°nclnc at 9
o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
. flowers. >¦•'. • • ' . ¦
McGINN— In this city, April 13. 1901, George,
beloved husband of the late Annie M. Mc-
Ginn, .father of Joseph A., George F., Leo
J., Allen. Thomas P. and Ignatius McGinn,
and brother of Joseph and Ellen Mc'Jinn. a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 62 years.
(New Tork and Maynooth, Ireland, papers
please copy.) ' . - . . • .
(E^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his> late
residence,' 20V4 Twelfth street, ¦ thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
m3BS will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Cal vary. Cemetery-
MARTIN— In this city, April 16, 1901, Mary,
beloved wife of Thomas Martin, and sister
of Patrick and the late John and Edward
Mitchell, a native of. Knockroe, County Gal-
way. Ireland. . - .
£TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quism high mass. will be celebrated for the
repese of her soul, commencing at 9 o clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAIG— In this city. April 15, 1901. Walter R.
Crair. brother of Lee _.. William C. and
Joseph Craig, Mrs. Bessie Doud and Mrs.
Phoebe ; McKenzie, a native of Kcntucicy,
a red 62 -years. .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenuo
thence by electric funeral car from Four-
teenth and Mission streets to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery for interment.
EHRENWERTH-In this city, April 13. 1901,
Oswald, beloved son of Morris and Louisa
Ehrenwerth, and brother of George. Albert,
Pauline, Grover and Jcs?phlne Ehrenwerth
ani Mrs. A. Oswald, a native, of San *ran-
' Cisco, aged 14 years and 6 months.
ELLIOTT— In this city, April 15. 1901. Thomas,
relict of the late Ann Elliott, anfl beloved
father of- Mrs. Lucy Dullard and Thomas
Jr. and George Elliott, a native of . Eng-
land aped 79 years and 3 months.
n_f Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock from the resi-
dence of his daughter, 1S38 Washington
street, corner of Leavenworth. Interment
Mount Olivet ' Cemetery.
FORRFST— In this city. ' April 15. 1901. Alex-
ander, beloved husband of Elizabeth For-
rest, a native of Scotland, aged 69 years 10
months and 27 days. Late a member of La-
fayette Lodge No. 14, F. and A. M.. of Wil-
minrton, l.'el.
(E^Frlends and aco.uaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the . auspices of Occidental Lodge is 0.
22, F. and A. M. Interment Mount; Olivet
Cerr.etery. . .
FRANKENBERG— In this city. April 15, 1901,
Charlotte, relict of the late Julius Franken-
berz, beloved mother of Nathan, Louis and
Rose Frankenberg and Mrs. Sam Levy, and
sister of Hermr.n Glouber, a native of Aus-
trla aged 74 years 8 months and 14 days.
(ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock, at her late . residence, 703
Haves '. street. Interment Home of Peace
' Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets. - "
GENDOTTI— In St. 8 Helena, April 16. 1901.
Theresa Ger.dotti, daughter of Clemente and
Santina Gendottl, - and sister of Louis Gen-
dottl, a native of Switzerland, aged 22 years.
K?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the ferry,
foot of Market street, thence by San Mateo
electric car to Holy Cross Cemetery.
JAMIESON— In this city. April 13, 1901, Infant
son of Mr. and Mrs. John Jamieson. : -
KING— In this city. April 16. 1901. William R.
King, husband of the late Mary G. King,
and father of Emily E. and Claude R. King,
a native of Vermont, aged 68 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited t6 attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock; from 2414 Polk
street. • Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LENNON— In this city, April 15, 1901, Bridget
Lennon, dearly beloved mother of William
Lennon, Mrs. M. Fitzwllllam, Mrs. A. Kelly,
Mrs. M. Davis of St. Louis, the late Thomas
Lennon of St. Louis and the late Mrs. B.
T. Benson. • a native of County Wicklow,
Ireland, aged 96 years and 27 days. , ...
- K? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral th;s day
(Wednesday); at- 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1711 Leavenworth street, thence to
St. BrlKid's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o clock
creek boat. Kindly omit flowers.
LOGAN— In this city, April 13, 1901. Edward,
beloved husband of the late Maria Logan,
loving, father of Annie, Eddie and the late
Mary Logan, and brother of Michael Logan,
a native of County Galway. Ireland. A
member of C. K. of A., Branch No. 197.
Darling mamma, you have left us.
And thy loss we deeply feel.
But 'tis Gcd who has bereffus;
He can all our sorrows heal. '
FROM HER CHILDREN
E_?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Metzler's par-
lors, 636 Washington street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
BURN-In' this city. April 16. 1901. Mrs. Ann
Burn, mother of Edward and Leland Burn.
Mrs. A. W. Forbes and Mrs. I. M. Klngsley,
a native of England, aged 66 years.'
CONSIDINE — In Oakland. April 13, 1901,
Maria, dearly, beloved wife of Patrick (Consi-
dine, mother of Mary, Agnes, Rose arrO Ra-
mond Considine, daughter of the late Mat-
thew and Mary McGrath. elster o( Michael,
• Matt, Thomas and the late John McGrath.
Mrs. Clunees and Mrs. Miller, and sister-in-
law of Delia and Katie Considine. a native
of Klllrush. County Clare, Ireland, aged 32
years.
BARRAS— In Stockton. Cal.. April 16. 1901.
Hiram D. Barras, father of Carrie M. Barras
and Mrs. Clara A. Holman, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., agred 74 years.
EyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
¦ tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of A. W. Martin
&.Co.. 319 O'Farrell street. Interment I\a-
tional Cemetery, Presidio.
BENSON— In this city. 1 April 16. 1901. Ida
Benson, a native of Sweden, aeed 33 years.
Jamieson (infant) Thormahlen, Peter '
King, William R. Vau.hn, Nellie
Lenncn, Bridget Whltworth, JohnM.
Logan, Edward . * . ¦
DIED.
Barras. Hiram D. McGinn, > George
Benson. ' Ida ¦ Martin, Mary .
Burn. Mrs-Ann Nathan. Gerson ¦ ¦
Considine.' Maria Perry, Adolphus
Craig. Walter R. Peter, Henry E. -~
Ehrenwerth. Oswald ' Rackliffe. John
Elliott, Thomas Reilly, Theresa
Forrest, Alexander " Sadler, Herrmann J.
Frankenberg, Char- Schmidt, Henry
lotte Schmidt. Richard .
Gendcttt. Theresa Streuli. Emi!e
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnd Untnrn.
(fyFVlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WHITWORTH— In Berkeley, April 15. 1301.
John M. Whitworth. husband of Edith M.
Whitworth, a native of Indiana, aged 52
years 7 months and 25 days. (Seattle papers
please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the First Pres-
byterian Church. Berkeley. Interment pri-
vate.
years and 11 months. (Seattle papers pleas*
coyy.)
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street, under the auspices of the
¦ Austrian Benevolent Society. Interment Lau-
rel HH! Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
Of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth.
OFFICERS and funeral delegates of the Aus-
• trian Benevolent Society: You are hereby
directed to assemble at your hall. 413 Sut-
ter street, to-morrow (Thursday), at 2 o'clock
sharp, for the purpose of attending the fu-
nerul of our late brother, Peter Thormahlen,
By order of M. SCANATICH. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL. Rec. Sec.
VAUGHN— In this city. April 16. 1901. Nellie
Vaujrhn. a native of Boston. Mast., aered 38
RAILWAY THAVEIi.
ROSEDALE House, 3Iii-32l Ellis st. — Rooms,
nifrht. 25c to $1: week. %l 23 to $4; open nlsht.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis- Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, SCc to $1 £0; week, J2 to
$S; mcnth. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot 1 . and cold. water; baths.
O'PARRELL, 591— Nicely furnished front room,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen: rent reasonable.
AT the old Stevenson, mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rate3.
Ill V\ The first thing to do when
«|^\ ou ave m -^ e U P vour niind to
JttW £° cast ' s to as^ £^ e nearest
.J$ap «^5i\ Southern Pacific ticket-agent for
-dsSr B H a er descriptive of the
f !^ Burlington
¦ Slifprlsrifi
//^v : Vlwl I1AIIU t
i * c contains just the informa- |
I W^HS^^^mF tion you need — time-tables; a
I W .-^U2^^2r . / map j illustrations of Burlington '(
d / tourist sleeping cars, and a de-
1 / scription of the scenery en route.
M / From Los Angeles Monday" i and
f3 / It^BJWH^wAI Wednesdays : San Francisco Tue*- ft
H y if mn iijifuIlTMl a >' s an<^ "tliursdays — Omaha, Chi-
HlJ - iSST—aiffiHl cac ° Kansas City, St. Louis — g
H W>*$$$n8i?j£SkM EVERYWHERE east. \
B j20lHSSa!i£SSt''*^ J |_— _aaw_ij w D . Sanbom. GenT Agt.
B / ' | 631 Market street, San Francisco. 6PROMINENT MEMBERS OF ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL PARISH WHO ARE ACTIVELY ENGAGED IN FORMULAT
ING PLANS AND SECURING NECESSARY MATERIAL FOR FITTING UP BOOTHS FOR A GRAND BAZAAR
WHICH IS TO BE HELD DURING THE COMING AUTUMN.
Kills Husband and Herself.
MASON CITY. Iowa, April 16.— At mid
night Mrs. H. B. Tunure shot and killed
her husband and then shot herself through
the heart. . It was thought she was insane.
Attorney H. n.' Lowenthal appeared be
fore Judge -Fritz at 8 o'clock last night- in
answer to a charge of embezzling $623
from Mrs. Clara Knauer. The reason
for the unusal hour of holding the court
was that Lowenthal at his first hearing
pleaded that his health was seriously af
fected, and unless he could depart for
Germany at an early date there was lit
tle chance for. his life. and. he requested
accordingly thaL all haste be made in the
settlement of Ms case. - '
Tho . proceedings last night were con
fined to an examination of the complain
ing witness, and the case was then ad
journed till 8 o'clock to-night.
As the parties were leaving the court
room Attorney Pistolesi, representing the
prosecuting witness, asked Mr. Lowenthal
when he intended to leave for Germany.
Mrs. Lowenthal, who accompanied her
husband, told him not to answer. Low
enthal states that Pistolesi then said, "If
you say that you are no lady." Lowenthal
replied that he could stand Pistolesi's
abuse of himself, but that he could not
allow such disrespectful remarks to ¦ be
made in reference to his wife.
Lowenthal then raised his cane and at
tempted to strike Pistolesi with it. Before
any harm was done, however, friends in
tervened. , .
Attempts to Strike Attorney
Pistolesi in Judge
Fritz's Court.
ANGRY LAWYER
USES HIS CANE
Will Open to Guests.
The beautiful place occupied by Holtt's
School will be open to summer guests j on'
tha first of June. ¦ • •
Jonss Fails to Pay Board Bill.
Mrs. Theresa Cazeaux of the Marechal
Niel Hotel swore to a complaint in Judge
Cabanlss* court yesterday charging Clar
ence B. Jones with defrauding her out
of $61 for board and lodging. He surrep
titiously removed his baggage yesterday
morning without paying his bill, she al
leges.. . -¦ - ; .- .-;..,¦:¦. o,
1 The . Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday, recommended that the petition
of A. S. Lillie and George W. Hughes for
the refunding of the tax alleged to have
been illegally, levied for park, school, sew
er and hospital bonds be denied.
Will N"ot Refund Bond Taxes. •
Western Shipyards Overlooked.
An effort is being made by the Chamber
of Commerce to have ships belonging to
the Government repaired on this coast.
Owing to strong influence ships stationed
in. China and the Philippines have been
ordered East for repairs, and the West
ern ship builders have been overlooked.
At a meeting of the trustees of the Cham
ber of Commerce yesterday resolutions
were adopted and Secretary Scott was in
structed to mail them to the Navy De
partment. These resolutions call atten
tion to the fact that there are fifty-seven
ships on the Western station and when
repairing is needed they should be sent to
shipyards on this coast. Captain Charles
Nelson, past president of the Chamber of
Commerce, was elected an honorary
member. William M. -Bunker was elected
a member of the board of trustees.
The members of the California Congres
sional delegation, . who' were I invited ¦ by
the citizens' executive committee, Irving
M. Scott, chairman, to accompany Gov
ernor Gage and. staff to Redlands and
there assist In extending to President Mc-
Kinley and his Cabinet a cordial welcome
to the Golden State, have received a sup
plement to the original letter of invita
tion. The supplement advises them that
transportation is not included in the in
vitation, and that arrangements in this
respect must be made with J. C. Stubbs,
\*ice president of the Southern Pacific.
When the Congressmen received "the
notice inviting them to go south to wel
come the Presidential party to the hos
pitalities of Calif ornia . they fancied that
the managers of the excursion would pro
vide tickets. At least two of the Con
gressmen imagined that, favors in the
way . of transportation would be readily
extended to embrace passes and reserva
tions for their respective wives, so that
the ladies of the Presidential party could
be greeted by a delegation of their own
sex. Accordingly they filed requests for
additional tickets. About the time a re
sponse to the application was due the
eupplementary letter that transportation
was not included in the original invita
tion was mailed. .. - ." ' •
The Congressmen were certainly sur
prised, if not embarrassed, when they were
apprised of the rule. Perhaps the South
ern Pacific took a stand which surprised
the committee. The statesmen who were
honored with a call * to assist the Gover
nor and staff in receiving- the President
do not care to "talk for publication," but
they have opinions,' nevertheless, .which
they express one " to another. Of course
the price of a ticket to Redlands and re
turn is nothing to a Congressman who
represents a- district of the Golden State,
yet his sense of - propriety is shocked
when he is asked to pay the expenses, of
a function to which he is invited. He Is
wining, to buy- the ticket if the Southern
Pacific declines to furnish the committee
with .transportation, . but he hopes that
the rule applied- to members of Congress
will not bo extended to apply to the chief
executive and Cabinet officers. The old
rule of charging all the traffic will bear
ought, in ¦ his judgment, to be suspended
for this occasion. .
One of the Congressmen remarks: "It
will be embarrassing all around if any
thing is said of this in the papers." The
chairman of the Society for the Suppres
sion of News fancies that everything can
be adjusted by requesting Irving M. Scott
to pay for the tickets. . The plan has some
merit in it when viewed from a point re
mote from Scott's zone, but that does not
touch ' the principle. Some enterprising
corporation like the Southern Pacific may
attempt to collect from the President. the
price of a ticket to his banquet, hence at
the outset it is well to establish the de
gree of legitimate tolls. .
The Republican gentlemen who were
chosen -as Presidential 'Electors last No
vember and who subsequently performed
the eminent duty of casting California's
electoral vote for .William McKinley have
not been invited to perform conspicuous
service in arranging .for the reception of
the Presidential party. The Senators and
Representatives 1 in ¦ Congress who are in
vited to go to the" front with Governor
Gage have frequent opportunities in
Washington to see the President, whereas
equal privilege is rarely accorded to more
i^an one of the Electors. It is noted as
another oversight that • these Electors
were not included in the excursion to the
State line. It is well known that Hon.
Samuel : M. Shortridge, . candidate for
United States Senator to succeed George
C. Perkins, and Hon. William R. Davis,
one of Alameda's candidates for Governor
to succeed Henry T. Gage, are ', able and
willing to pay fare from San Francisco
to Redlands and return.
SETON-THOKPSON WILL
GIVE FOUR ADDRESSES
Ernest Seton-Thompson, whose name is
to-day familiar to lovers of animals as
•was that of Landseer io a. former gen
eration, is to deliver four lectures in
Metropolitan Hall next week. He lectures
for the benefit of and under the auspices
of the California Club of California.
Seton-Thompson's knowledge of animals
was gained at first hand in American for
ests and African jungles. He has lived
for years among birds and beasts; made
friends with them, photographed them
and probably knows more interesting
facts about them than any other man liv
ing.
His first lecture will be In the afternoon
of Monday. April 22, and will be of special
interest to children. Pupils of the public
schools wishing to hear the lecture will
be, by special arrangement, relieved from
study in time. There will be another lec
ture the same evening and two more on
the afternoon and evening- of Saturday,
April 27.
Awkward Predicament Caused by a Ruling
of Irving M. Scott and J. C. Stubbs.
CONGRESSMEN MUST PAY
FULL FARE TO REDLANDS
Bosquet Given Notice to
Quit and. Nurse ? s Suit-
Compromised.
The French colony is in a whirl of ex
citement. Last evening] the sole topic, of
discussion was the dismissal of Superin
tendent Bosquet from the French Hos
pital by the new board of directors of -tho
French Mutual Benevolent Society and
the settlement by the directors of. the
damage suit brought against the society"
by Miss Margaret Hanavan, the pretty
nurse who was dismissed by ex-President
Chartrey when -he was in power. . *
When President Dupas and his asso
ciates recently took office it was decided
that ths head of Bosquet should fall. The
new board of. directors were: all anti-
Chartrey men and they arranged to oust
Bosquet, who .was placed in office by
Chartrey. • • .
The directors have already notified Bos
quet that his services will not be required
after this month and this evening a new
superintendent will be elected by the
board.
The suit of Miss Hanavan arose out of.
ber refusal to apologize to Chartrey and
Bosquet. Miss Hanavan claimed that
Bosquet had annoy sd her with his unwel
come attentions and it was rumored
around the hospital that Bosquet had
kissed -the pretty nurse despite her pro
tests.
Miss Hanavan made complaint to Chart
rey against Bosquet and the ex-president
took sides with the superintendent and
asked the nurse to make apology for un
warranted charges.
Miss Hanavan stood firm and refused to
apologize, claiming that she was the one
entitled to an apology. Chartrey dis
chaiged the nurse from duty, declining to
give her a diploma when she demanded
one. Miss Hanavan then brought suit
against the society for $5000 damages for
breach of contract and injury caused 'by
the diploma being kept from her. Henley
& Costello were the attorneys employed
by Miss Hanavan and it was expected
that when the case came on for trial that
sensational testimony would be given.
The recently elected board of directors
of the French Society are anxious to wipe
out all memories of the scandals that ex
isted during the regime of Chartrey and
Bosquet as president and superintendent
respectively.
With that object in view a conference
was held this week between the attorneys
for the society and for Miss Hanavan.
The result was that the society has paid
Miss Hanavan a substantial sum, settled
all her costs in the case and served Super
intendent Bosquet with "walking papers."
ciety have all announced their willing
ness to contribute booths and to render
every assistance to make the bazaar a
complete success. The following ladies
will conduct the. various booths:
FRENCH HOSPITAL
SCANDALS ENDED
Mrs. M. A. Tobin, assisted by Mrs. Maurice
Casey, Mrs. Walter E. Dean, Mrs. Andrew
Martin, Mrs. R. Kavanagh. Miss Tobin, Miss
Hager, Miss Ethyl Eager, • Miss Dinan.
Mrs. C. Curtin, assisted by Miss Mary A.
Touhill. Miss Nellie Josephine Touhill, Mrs.
S. A. White, Miss Fannie Hausrnan.
Mrs. James O'Brien, Mrs. William James
Shea, Mrs. Tirey L. Ford, Mrs. A. Farrell,
Miss Glynn, assisted by Miss L. . O. Taylor.
Mrs. L>. Byington. Miss Angela Sullivan, Miss
Mary. Lynch. Miss Clara Keogh.v
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, assisted by Mrs. J. P.
"White. Mrs. McKinstry, Mrs. Slevin. Mrs.
Peseta, Mrs. Robinson,' Mrs. DriscoH. < -— ~
Mrs. Loug-hborough, .assisted* by Mrs. Car
roll, , Mrs.; J. F. Sullivan, Mrs. J. J. Tobin,
Mrs. Butters, Miss L. Harvey.
Mrs. John A. Lennon, assisted by Miss Flor
ence O'Connor. Miss Alice O'Connor, Miss Ger
trude - Lennon, Miss Marie Lennon.
Mrs. M. A. Connolly, assisted by Mrs. . tv. H.
Powers, Mrs. J. G. Martin, Miss Sadie Wafer.
Miss A. F. McDonnell, Miss Minnie Monahan.
Mrs. J. H. Barbat. Miss Bradley, Miss Rior
dan, MIssO'Dea, assisted by Miss Clara
I Mrs. John B. Casserly, Mrs. Zimme-
man, Mrs.'L. Pawlicki and Mrs. Roberts
will have general charge of booths.
O'Brien, Miss Mary Coyle, Miss Tessie Rlor
dan, Miss Florence O'Connor, Miss Mary
Quigley, Miss Tessie Culligan, Miss Katherine
O"Dea.
Officers and members of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society.
: Officers and members of the Toung Ladies'
Institute.
¦ Officers and members of the Sodality of the
Immaculate Conception.
Officers and members of St. Elizabeth's Sew
ing Society. . • ¦ ' ¦
Dr. Ra!r>h A. Huntinston, who was con
victed of manslaughter by a jury In Judge
Lawlor's court on January 23 and- sen
tenced to serve ten years in San Quentin
on February 19 In connection with the
murder of Miss Jennie McKown, his
sweetheart, has been in the County Jail
since, as notice of appeal was given to
the Supreme Court.
Yesterday Huntington's attorney, ex-
Judge Ferral. appeared before Judge Law
lor and asked that the defendant be ad
mitted to bail. Otherwise the latter would
be dead in a few days, the attorney said.
He called Dr. Morrissey, city physician,
who testified that Huntington was suffer
ing from nervous prostration and acute
gastritis, and if he was not instantly re
leased from jail his mental and physical
condition would soon pass to the hopeless
stage. He had -not eaten any food for
over 'two weeks and was so weak that he
had to be carried around, Morrissey said.
Chief Jailer Frank W. Cornyn corrob
orated the doctor's testimony. Hunting
ton was carried to a place Monday where
he could sit in the sun. but he was so
weak that he fainted. .He had been for
more than two weeks unable to restrain
any food on his stomach. He was con
stantly grieving over his punishment and
looked like a dving man.
The Judge, after deliberation, decided
in the circumstances to admit the de
fendant to ball in $10,000, and yesterday
afternoon the defendant's mother and her
friend, Mrs. Lockford, qualified on the
bond and the Judge gave them an order
for the defendant's release from Jail.
They are the same sureties as on the
bond given at the time of his arrest.
Grief Over Disgrace Makes
Hfrn an Almost Hopeless
Wreck.
DR. HUNTINGTON
SLOWLY DYING
WOMEN OF ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL
PARISH ARRANGE FOR A BAZAAR
Committees Composed of People Prominent in Society Are
Engaged in Securing Attractive Features for the Fete,
Which Promises-to Be Attended With Unusual Success
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 17, 1901.
12
Arrangements for the bazaar to be
given in October by the ladies of St.
Mary's Cathedral parish are already go-
Ing rapidly forward. The committees
which •will have charge of the booths
have already been appointed, and have
commenced to busy themselves . In se
curing attractive • features. An " effort
¦will be made to surpass the entertain
ments of this nature which have been
held iij the past.
Although the bazaar is to be under the
management of the ladies of St. Mary's
Cathedral parish all the Catholic societies
will be requested to assist. The Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society, the Toung Ladles'
Institute, the Sodality of the Immaculate
Conception and St. Elizabeth's Sewing So-
'Phone Howard 10ZL
U9 TAYLOR STREET.
BEST GROCERY OFFERS.
April IT, IS, 19, 20.
MIXED CAKES, "A" B C." pound 10c.
II 1 II Best Eastern sugar-cured, ||T A
"Am-EKS* iender.le^: Kitra »SC
selected. Our price on bams always low-
est. On sale Thursday.
HAZARD'S BURNT ONION SAUCE.
TOMATOES §|\>& r « 35C
One case limit.
PRUNES. CAI* FRENCH, 8 lbs. 23c.
PINEAPPLE E^i^J 156
vrhere grown. "Worth 23c.
ROYAL PLATE SILVER POLISH. lOc.
¦l||OI]Any brand, 10c packages r#»
[fill On Challenge or Golden West. HC
in wwn 2 pounds eacfl> Madft from UU
select wheat. Cooks quickly: 500 pack-
ages sold last sale.
PAPRIKA. GENUINE. TIN lOc.
BROOMS^ £|^^20c
FRESH SARATOGA CHIPS, 2Oc I*B*
UINCOAD Made from pure ap- |0ln
o0c? 5 jrallons limit-
DRJED NECTARINES. S lbs. 23c.
PHDM " p ennant" brand, 4 tins.... qn-
BEST TOMATOES WITH PEPPER,
lOc.
SYRUP ;S 1^".! >^...'?...^:50c
UlllUl Healthfu i Delicious to UUU
taste. SamDle at store.
$1.50 PORT OR SHERRT, GALLON
SI. 15. •
BUTTERS M*~!t&21lt
uut i fall HumDoMt or Polnt t. 1 2«
Reyes brands. Regujar size. Best but-
ter thia season.
, MIXED SWEET PICKLES, QUART. <
2Oc.
Extra Special Prices on Shipping Orders.
§DR. PIERCES ELECTRIC BELT
t America Aiead of th» World la Electrical Inren- '
* tlon»! Every body know* this! Our ne-w Bpdy-'
r" Battery, (V. S. P» tent> is »trictly »n American
' taTenUon-THK Belt of th« Century. It sends »,
! powerf oL reversible current through to« human ,
[body from Head t« t'Mt. eurme Chronic and.
» Xervou» Dlsetue* and Weatnes* ol Male or Female « i
. as If by Magic. So positive are we that no other < i
. belt Is the equal of " Er. lierce V that we will lend <
.It o.N APPR«»VAI., for comparison with any belt' ]
« now sold \n America. " Seeing U BelleTing." J |
', VOTE.— We nerer send belts "On Trial," there- < >
. fore In ordering '-Dr. Fierce's" no risk is run of < <
? contracting *kl» l»l^mi»« or other Disorders by "
>usinif an appliance pr«Tl«««ly • warn hy orht-r'
• p«r»on». Call, or wnd a Jc stamp for new "Booklet 1 5
»So.2.' Address: PIJCRCK KLUCTRXC CO.;
J 1145 Broaitwar, (near 26th St.) Xew York, Z
(Or 62O Market Street, San Francisco. *
DR.MCNULTY.
T'HISWfclX-KXOWN'AIfDRKIJABLE OLD
L Speclalt«tetir«*Btood Poison, Gonorrhcea.OIeet.
Stricture, Hcmlnal Wealcnes*. Impotence aud their
allied Dimrders. Boole on Diseaivs of Men. fre«.
Overa>year«'»xperence.T<»rn« reavinabie. Hour*.
9 toSdally ;8:.t) to8. 30 ev'gs. Sundayn, 10 to 12. e»rwul-
to lioufreeaad sacredly confldentlaL Can or addresa
P. KOSCOE 2f fX'ULTY, M. D.
2J5JJ Kearny »!„ Han Franfitu-n.C?!
T5DT 7 CUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DilLluIl£lO« :s - bootblacks, bath-
bouse*, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, Courmllls. foundries, laundrlrs, paper-
hangen. printers, painters, shoo factories, sta*
Memen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento Si
SPECIAL VALUES
••••I iN»««»
NEWGQODS!
ON MONDAY, APRIL 15, WE WILL SHOW A
SPLENDID ASSORTMENT OF THE FOL-
LOWING NEW GOODS AT SPECIAL PRICES:
One case (40 pieces) 19-inch FLANNEL TAFFETA SILK,
entirely iiew fabric and warranted to give good wear; in
the following, shades— Pink, Cream, Ivory, Gray, Ucmt
Blue, Old Rose, Reseda, Cardinal, Turauolse, lavender,
Tan, National Brown and Navu. Price 75c Yard.
One case (20 pieces) BLACK FRENCH SILK GRENA-
DINES, yeru handsome patterns, In stripes, checks, dpo-
cades-and plaids, prices ranging from . .
$1.50 to $4.00 Per Yard.
125 LADIES' FINE SILK WAISTS, made from an extra
aualitu of Taffeta Sllkj corded hack, front and sleeves)
all the leading colors, also clack.
Price $6,00 Each. Good value for $8.50.
One case (35 pieces) FRENCH WOOL ALBATROSS, 38
inches wide and veru superior aualitu, 1 In the following
shades-Ceil, Cream, Pink, Nile, Apple, Tan, Violet, Na-
tional Purple, Garnet, Navu Brown, Cardinal and Corn-
Flo wer Blue. ; Price 60c Yard.
25 pieces- ALL-SILK WASHABLE FLANNEL, guaran-
teed fast colors, latest waist material In sllkj in the fol- ,
lowing colors-Pink, Cream, Light Blue, Ivory, Old Rose,
National Turauolse, Navy and: Reseda.
Price $1.25 Yard.
15 cases FINE MERCERIZED PRINTED FOULARD
SATEENS, heautlful designs and air new colorings,, the
most desirable wash fahrlc shown this season.
: Price 25c Yard.
Samples Above Piece Goods Forwarded Free to Any Address*
9 t
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121- POST-STREET, \.
¦ • '-'¦'. jig-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wednesday and Thursday,
In Our Basement Salesroom.
'Twill be a millinery event long to be Temembered, as right at the
height of the season, when the soods to be placed on sale are most needed,
we will sell them at prices which will insure you a saving of nearly a hah
of what you would pay regular, at other millinery stores for them; sailors,
sombreros, fancy straw shapes, roses, flowers, foliage, ribbons and fancy
net trimmings.
Straw Shanes Assorted Flowers
AT *>Tic EACH— Are included rough j^y o.5c PEE BTJNCH— Beautiful
and ready straw short back sailors. crushed roses, three large, handsome
?ne braid and chip, fancy dress fu n blooms in bunch in pink, red,
shapes and flats. Various colors and yellow, maize and white; also prim-
black comprise the assortment, any i-oses and other small* flowers in
of which can be becomingly and at- pretty shades for combining with
tractively trimmed with the garni- foliage or net for trimming,
ture on sale.
Assorted Flowers Foliage Buiches.
AT 2^c IOE TWO BTJ1TCHES— « T 23c p^R BTJNCH— Beautiful
Comprises beautiful crushed roses, • ft a L nd -i* 1 J b 'i ra f "^ed bunches of violet
three in a bunch, six for 2oc. in foliage witn huds; also large bunches -
shades of pink, red maize, cram f * n and tinted i eay es; combine
and pastel. £uso violets, mar&uentes, * r0£ rlb bon or drape and
foliage and pretty sprays for trim- you > V e a most effective trimming for
Ing children's hats. Half saved on our new shape .
each purchase.
Nettings and Braids Silk Ribbons
assortment will be found all desira- bon, a splendid quality for millinery
ble colors aT,d black, some tinsel purposes, full five Inches wide, with
mixed. Effective trimmings for any fancy corded edge; pretty shades -and
of the shapes on cafe; pretty for black; a bow and a twist will prettily
drapes or to combine with roses ar.d trim a child's hat.
"straw Sailers Child's Sombreros
Ever" popular and a style becoming to The genuine Mexican make, service-
all. Regular $1.00 values. SPECIAZj able school and yard hats. SPE-'
AT oOe. CIAL AT 50c;
Cor. Geary St. and Grant Ave,
A Surprise
In handsome Furniture is one of the a
most agreeable surprises that de- 3
lights the mistress of a home, espe- a
cially in such New and Beautiful s
designs in Bedroom Suits. Chiffon- j
lers. Sideboards. Extension Tables !
and FoJdincr Beds, which -we have [
been selling for the last few days at J
20% discount j
For cash on our regular prices, j
This sale will continue only for the s
balance of this week. It is an op- >
portunlty seldom offered.
All our goods are marked in plain j
figures.
CASH OR CREDIT. 3
KRAGEH FURNITURE CO.,
I0I5-I017 Market St. $
Tel. South 371. Oa<>. Taylor. |
j^f| C/ta/n/ess. $6O ttacer . . . ,$5O fS&sa
W& Xiftii ftoadstcr. $40 ftoadstor. . $35 Mm
[i; fj Complete jCino. t^l
III THCS. H. B. YARNEY, Market & 10th, S. F. |||
I SMOKED GLASSES.
HI 20 STYLES-ALL AT 50 CENTS.
H .Appreciating the immense demand for smoked
H glasses at a popular price, and remembering the I
H unqualified success of the sale we conducted last I
I year, we -will again sell this'year, commencing I
m April 15th, a good quality of smoked glasses at 53c |
H a pair. Why nol have a pair and save your eyes I
U from dust, wind and bright sun? -J I
Q HARRY NORDMAN, Vice-President and Manager, 1
I 16V KEARNY STREET. 1
IIL^^.^ 3 mw!-« I .IJ I » OUR WIDOWS. I
ADVEBTISEMENTS.