VOLUME XCI.-NO 10.
SENATOR FRYE INTRODUCES A MEASURE
TO AID THE AMERICAN MERCHANT MARINE
FLIGHT OF CASHIER REVEALS
HEAVY SHORTAGE IN FUNDS OF
WHICH HE WAS THE CUSTODIAN
Henry J. Fleishman Steals One Hundred Thousand Dollars From the
Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of Los Angeles and Escapes
Across the Mexican Line Before the Defalcation Is Discovered
LOS 'A?CGTEX.ESr i>ec.9;— Henry Z\
Fleishman, for many'years'cash
ier of the Farmers' and Mer
chants' Bank of- this .city, has
disappeared and with him went a
sum of the bank's funds, believed to ap
proximate at least $100,000. The shortage
was first discovered this morning, shortly
after the usual hour for beginning the
day's business. Fleishman did not ap
pear at his desk, and this, coupled with
the fact that he had pleaded illness on
Saturday and remained away from busi
ness, aroused the suspicion of H. W. Hell
xnan, vice president of the institution. An
Investigation was immediately begun, with
the result that a shortage in the bank's
currency account was soon discovered.
H. W. Hellman notified his brother I.
W. Hellman of San Francisco, president
of the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank,
■who sent out a description of the miss
ing cashier with a request to the police
officials of the country to apprehend him.
Fleishman was last seen in Los Angeles
about 9 o'clock Saturday morning. ..At
that hour he sent word from the Cali-J
fornia Club, where he had bachelor apart-]
xnents, to the bank, saying that because
of illness he would not be down. ( Noth
ing was thought of the incident at the
bank and business went on as usual on
Saturday. When he failed to -appear at
the usual time to-day, however, the in
vestigation of the bank's cash account
quickly uncovered the shortage.
Employers Are Duxnf ounded.
The officials of the Farmers' and Mer
chants' Bank were as much surprised at
the action of their cashier as was the
general public. For twenty-five years
Fleishman had been employed in the in
stitution, beginning at the bottom as a
boy and by strict attention to duty, cou
pled with a thorough understanding of
the intricacies of the banking business,
rising to the position of assistant cashier
and finally to that of cashier, a position
ho has held for many years. The utmost
confidence was always placed in his Judg
ment and integrity. He was not known
to be addicted to drink or speculation,
though he was an ardent patron of all
kinds of sports. His real estate holdings
in Los Angeles are estimated at $50,000.
This property, besides a bond of $30,000
in a surety company, will, in the Judg
ment of the bank officials, compensate the
institution for the cash taken. V'iLv
H. W. Hellman, vice president of the
Farmers' and Merchants: Bank, said, in
speaking of Fleishman's absence:
"We were greatly surprised in discov
ering Fleishman's flight and the shortage
in his cash account. We are utterly un
able to account for his action. He is a
man of property and has always com
manded a good salary. If he were en
gaged in speculation of any kind we did
not know it; nor was he a drinking man—
at least to any extent. No doubt he took
a drink when he wanted it, b»t drink
never could have caused him to, do this.
We can account for his disappearance
only on the supposition that there is a
woman In the case. We are not worrying
over the money he has taken, however.
The bank holds a bond and other col
lateral sufficient to indemnify it for the
cash stolen. It will not lose a dollar. The
loss of the cash will not embarrass us in"
the least."
Hit by the Slump in Copper.
There is a rumor, apparently well
founded, that Fleishman has been specu-
The San Francisco Call.
FUGITIVE BANK CASHIER
WHO IS WANTED BY LOS
ANGELES POLICE.
lating in Amalgamated Copper and was
hard bit by the '' recent slump in that'
stock. John. S. Vallely, assistant secre
tary and manager of "the California Club,'
.where Fleishman had. apartments,- said: j
"The officials of the bank telephoned to
the club Saturday 1 morning and asked, 1
'How is Mr. Fleishman - this morning?'- I
went to his- room -and found It unoccu
pied. I telephoned' this fact to Mr. Hell
man immediately. From -this time. : on
there was a constant call for Fleishman.
Messengers came to the club during all
hours Saturday and Sunday. I ; suspected
Fleishman was a heavy loser in 'the re
cent; fall in copper stocks."
. Fleishman married _ Miss _ Virginia Har-r
rell, whose father then resided in VIsalia,
eleven years ago. The union proved an
unhappy one and after a few years Mrs.
Fleishman " sued for ' divorce, alleging
j brutality and other charges, which at the
time caused a mild sensation in social
and business circles. During all his
troubles, however, the bank stood by him
loyally. After his wife obtained a di
vorce-Fleishman took up his abode at
the California Club, where he has since
lived. >:,"
While it is believed by some of Fleish
man's former associates and friends that
there is a woman in the case, up to the
present no one has been found who can
give any information on that point. It is
not believed by the police that he weni
northward, but those acquainted with
him are of the opinion that he went south
and that hs was safe oh Mexican soil be
fore the disclosure of his flight and defal
cation.
Of late there have been rumors that
the cashier was showing marked atten
tion to a vaudeville star who has recently
been touring this coast.-
Engages in Losing Ventures.
Fleishman was the financial backer of
several enterprises in Los Angeles which
were , commonly considered as financial
failures. The Velodrome bicycle (track
was financed by Fleishman and in this
venture he is believed to have sunk $20,
000.' The Maxwell patent directory was
another scheme in which the defaulter
was interested and in' which he is said
to have lost $25,000. These things may. in
some measure, account for the shortage
in the bank's cash, which, it is not un
likely, has existed for some time. ?'"■
Not the slightest clew, to Fleishman's
whereabouts has been obtained. The pos
sibility of suicide has been suggested, but
those who know him "best scout this 'idea.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1901.
.^The'^njatter of the cashier's disappear
ance was not laid before the criminal au
thorities, until' late to-day." Chief. Elton
held: a consultation in his office later with
Sheriff Hammel and the captain of de
tectives. Whatever they decided upon
doing was not given out for publication.
It has not been settled to a certainty;
when "Fleishman was last seen in Los'An
geles. Some claim that he left here on
Saturday morning; yet others declare they
saw. him- as- late as 3:30 o'clock on the
same afternoon. A theory has been ad
vanced that Fleishman departed on the
overland limited, but as a matter of fact
no one has been found yet who knows
positively how the missing cashier made'
his exit. Before the bank people inform
ed, the local police ' department that their
cashier had absconded they had taken
the precaution to send the . news to San
Francisco, and to several detective agen
cies in the East.
NOT SEEN IN SAN DIEGO.
Fleishman Probably Took the Land
Route to Mexico.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 9.-Word has been
j-eceived by the police of this city that
, the Los Angeles authorities are Inclined
to the belief that fugitive Fleishman had
.passed through this city on his way to
Ensenada. . It is a belief in which local
officers have no part, -because Fleishman
is known. here, and, furthermore, once in
Lower California, the avenues to civil
ization are so few that they can be
easily watched. No trace of him has
been found here and inquiry at the Mex
ican line fails to show that any person
of Fleishman's description has passed
that way. The number of people at the
line who could be reached to-night was
limited and all communicVtion with En
senada is shut off at night.
TETJSTED FOB TWENTY YEARS.
Banker Hellman Tells of the Ingrat
itude of Fleishman.
Captain Seymour was notified yesterday
by E. S. Heller, attorney for the Nevada
bank, of Cashier Fleishman's flight - with
$100,000 in currency or more belonging to
the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank of Los
Angeles. The following description of
Fleishman was given: Weight, 160 pounds;
height, five feet eight and a half, or nine
inches; dark complexion, hair thin on top
of head/ good teeth, dark brown mus
tache, prominent ears, straight nose,
pleasant address, a stylish dresser and
fond of the society of women. He is a
member of. the Mystic Shriners and may
wear a button of the order.
Captain -Seymour at once telegraphed,
to all points, east, west, north and south,
a full, description of Fleishman and in
structions to arrest him. It' is not be
lieved that he came, in this direction, it
being regarded as more probable that he
departed for Mexico or the East by the
train leaving Los Angeles on Saturday
morning, between 9 and 10 o'clock. ■'-.:'
I. W. Hellman of the Nevada National
Bank said regarding the cashier's flight:
"li is a sad affair— not from a monetary
standpoint, which, I am glad, to say
through The Call, is of small importance.
The money loss, whatever it is, . I can
easily, stand. It is the ingratitude 1 that is
the sad feature: . Fleishman has been in
my employ'more than twenty years, and
worked himself up from office boy to the
Continued on Page Two.
BtDliSBI
DIP CIIDCinV
Dab JuDDSUI
National Defense and
Postal Interests Are
Considered.
Speed and Tonnage Among
the Requirements for
a Bonus. •
Any Vessel . to Receive Government
Aid Must. Be of Class Al, and
.^One-Fourth of the Crew
Must Be Americans.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Senator Frye
to-day introduced the new ship subsidy
bill. It differs in. form from the subsidy
bill of the past two sessions. It is divided
into four titles and fifteen sections. The
sections . under the title "ocean mail
steamships" are devoted to amendments
to the ocean mail act. of 1891. The Post
master General is required to consider the
national defense and the maritime inter
ests of. the United States, as well as postal
interests in providing for the transporta
tion of American mails.
The present limit, of ocean mail con
tracts, ten years, is increased to fifteen
years. The Frye bill provides seven dis
tinct classes with a rate of $6 to 20-knot
steamers, increasing from 8000 to 10,000
tons the minimum size: $3 for 16-knot
steamers, provided the size is Increased
from 5000, the present minimum tonnage,
to 8000 tons. The proposed maximum mail
rates per gross ton per hundred nautical
miles are: Over 10,000 tons, 20 knots, 2.7
cents; 19 knots, 2.5 cents. Over 5000 tons.
18 knots, 2.3 cents; 17 knots, 2.1 cents; 16
knots, 1.9 cents; 15 knots, 1.7 cents. Over
2000 tons, 14 knots, 1.5. cents.
; Rates for mail steamers to the West
Indies, *GexitraL.Atnerica and Mexico .can
not exceed 70 per' cent ""of the maximum
rates..
. : The General Subsidy.
The second title, "general subsidy," con
tains the general subsidy for all vessejs,
steam or .sail, which are not under, mail
contracts. This - general subsidy is uni
form, 1 cent per gross ton per 100 nautical
miles for not exceeding sixteen entries in
one year. ' .
To promote the building of new ocean
vessels an additional allowance of one
fourth of a cent per gross ton is made for
five years.
Any vessel to receive the general sub
sidy must carry mails, if required, and
must train in seamanship or engineering
one American youth for each 1000 tons,
the vessel to be at the service of the
Government if required for defense.
Any vessel to receive subsidy must be
classed Al and at least one-fourth of the
crew must' be Americans.
The bill provides an annual, bounty of
$2, a ton for deep . sea fishing vessels
and of $1 a month for American citizens
when engaged in deep sea fisheries, that
a vessel shall receive only one form of
subsidy and that a vessel whiGh has re
ceived a subsidy shall not be sold to a
foreigner except by consent of the Sec
retary of the Treasury.
The bill does not provide American reg
istry to foreign, ships owned by AmerK
cans. . .
Provisions in Last Bill.
The last subsidy bill provided lMt cents
per gross ton for each 100 nautical miles,
not exceeding 1500 miles sailed, and 1 cent
per gross ton for each additional 100 miles
sailed; vessels to carry ; from United
States ports at least; 50 per cent of their
capacity. Steam vessels, suitable for car
rying the mails of over 2000 gross tons,
were to have the following compensation
in addition to the above rates : Twelve
knots, five tenths of one cent per ton;
fourteen knots, 1 cent per ton; fifteen
knots, 1 1-10 cents per ton; sixteen knots
iand over, 1 2-10 cents per gross' tons. Ves
sels of over 4000 tons, seventeen knots,
1 4-10 cents per ton; eighteen knots, 1 6-10
cents per ton; nlnet/en knots. 1 8-10 cents
per ton. Vessels of over 10,000 tons, twen
ty knots, 2 cents per .ton, twenty-one
knots, 2 3-10cents per ton. Foreign-built
vessels admitted .to American registry
were entitled to 50 per cent 'of the above
rates. The total compensation paid out
in any one year should not exceed $9,000,
000, deductions to be made pro rata.
Provision was' made, for a certain num
ber of vessels to secure American registry.
Contracts could be entered into for the
building of vessels in the United States
of class Al type to receive the subsidy.
Provisions for use of vessels by. the
United States in case of war and that a
portion of crews should be American were
similar to the provisions of the "new bill.
STJPPOBT. TEE . IEYE BILL.
Features in the New Measure Pleasa
Republican Statesmen. , .
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. ,N;
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Members of
the : Senate and House Interested in the
American ; merchant ; marine are much
pleased with", the Frye ship subsidy ; bill.
Friends of the bill assert that it >' meets
all the I objections made to former - meas
ures ' providing subsidies and will. get . the
votes of • those Senators who favor .-! legis
lation , tcT t advance 1 American shipping/ but
who" : could not ; bring' themselves to .vote
for, former •bills.' It-is admitted, ori .'all
Continued on '-'. Page T Two
MRS. STANFORD GIVES TH I RTY
MILLIONS TO MAGNIFICENT
UNIVERSITY AT PALO ALTO
Legal : zes Bequests Heretofore Made and Makes the Ins itution at
Pa'.o Alto, Named After Her Deceased Son Leland, One of the
Richest Seats of Learning in the United States and the World
THE GOOD ANGEL. OF LELAND STANFORD JRr UNIVERSITY, WHO HAS AFFIXED HER SIGNATURE TO
GRANTS CONFIRMING ALL. HER GIFTS, AGGREGATING $30,000,000, TO THE MAGNIFICENT INSTITUTION
OF LEARNING AT PALO ALTO. ; ' -iv ■ ;<;■;;.
I ACCEPT these grants and the trusts
therein' set forth by virtue of the
authority in me vested as . president
of the board of * trustees of the
Stanford University^. and also as a
member of the board of trustees for my
self and on behalf of ■ the other • trustees,
present and absent. I thank you, Mrs.
Stanford, not merely on behalf; of. the
board,,which has gained naught but grave
iresponsibility thereby, but on behalf of
humanity." -..•■*
With these words S. F. Leib, president
of the board . of trustees of the Leland
Stanford Junior University, received yes
terday from Mrs. Jane L. Stanford docu
ments conveying to the university. $30,000,
000 worth of property, thereby making it
one of the richest seats of learning in the
United States, and adding another stone
to the arch of fame which for years has
been in course of erection in. honor of the
young man after whom the great uni
versity was named. '
' There were but few present ' when < th<»
transaction took place, but the scene will
live long in the memory of the witnesses.
The " wishes of her dead . husband . ! have
guided Mrs. Stanford in her - every • act
since his death, and she knows that it was
his aim to make the great • institution,
which he founded during his life and to
which he gave the 'name of his only son,
a monument which would stand , forever.
She has carried out his wishes to the very
letter and seeks no reward: for her noble
effortihother than the knowledge that she
has done as her husband .would have done
had he .lived, and . that the people of Cali
fornia, in fact, the world, are, benefit
claries. ■
- Every Gift Is Legalized.
The documents turned over to President
Leib "yesterday ; have legalized • every gift
or.bequestmade to the university by Mrs.
Stanford. 1 \ They consist of . two deeds f of
grant and; one deed of gift. ;. One. of •; the
deeds of gift "covers all. of the real estate
given* to the .university, including .the uni
versity-campus'of 9000 acres. *' The deed of
gift covers the "gifts of - stocks" and \ bonds
heretofore given and ' certain, securities
not included In former grants.
■ The ■ second deed i of grant ' is a convey
ance of ; the magnificent Stanford resi
dence, at> the corner of Powell and Cali
fornia streets, to the trustees of Stanford
University. It has long been the aim of
Mrs. Stanford to place within the reach
of. the people of San Francisco the bene
fits of Stanford University. In order to
do' so she has given up her magnificent
home. In the document conveying this
piece .'of property to the university she
stipulates that it shall be used for educa
tional purposes.
She retains a life interest In the Stanford
home, and upon her death it is to be made
Into an institution of learning. It is to be
a department of the university.' As near
as can be learned Mrs. Stanford intends
that her beautiful home shall be a place
where the faculty of Stanford shall deliv
er, their lectures that . San Franciscans
may receive 'the. benefit. ' •
The grants made yesterday are largely
confirmatory • and • are made under - the
provisions of the Stanford University con
stitutional amendment passed by the last
Legislature. By these grants she hrvs con
veyed to the university for ' the benefit of
the people of "California about $18,000,000
in stocks and bonds and from $10,030,000 to
$12,COO,O0O in real estate, including the uni
versity buildings and equipment.
Mrs. Stanford Retains Control.
* This conveyance does .not affect Mrs.
Stanford's position , in regard to the uni
versity. She still retains' the absolute pow
er of management of the properties, and
will do so during her lifetime. -•
George F. Crothers, who ;drew , up* the
constitutional amendment ';. which* made
these gifts possible and who knew at the
time it was drawn up that Mrs: Stanford
had " this " conveyance t in I contemplation,,
said last night:
"Notwithstanding the perfectly baseless
criticism of Mrs. Stanford , in her. absence
abroad last . year, ; founded as : it .was upon
a' mere misunderstanding, -Mrs. • Stanford's
loyalty; to' the: university.- and • to the neo- ,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
pie for whom it was founded la unalter
able." . ._' . ..;,,.?■ ■
AH doubts concerning the provisions of
former grants are now removed. These
grants were necessary to render the con
stitution of full force and effect.
The following is an extract from the
deed of grant conveying the Stanford
residence on California street to the trus
tees of the university:
Now, therefore, pursuant to the express au
thorization of the aforesaid constitutional
amendment whereby it is provided that tha
board, of trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior
University, as such, or in the name of the In
stitution, or by other intelligible designation
of, the trustees or of the institution, may re
ceive property, real or personal, and wherever
situated, by gift, grant, devtee or bequest, for
the benefit of the institution, or of any depart
ment thereof, and such property, unless other
wise provided, shall be held by the trustees of
the Leland Stanford Junior University upon tho
trusts provided for In the grant founding th*«
university, and amendments thereof, and
grants, bequests and deVIscs supplementary
thereto: and also to confirm and render said
constitutional amendment. of full force and ef
fect so far as the power in me lies, and par
ticularly that clause thereof whereby It i3 pro
vided that the trusts and estates created for the
founding. endowment and maintenance of tha
Leland Stanford Junior University under and la
accordance with. "An act to advance learning,
etc.," approved March 9. 1S83. by the endow
ment grant executed by Leland Stanford and
Jane Lathfop Stanford on the 11th day of No
vember. 1S33. and recorded in Liber S3 of deeds
at page 23, et seq. . records of Santa Clara
County, and by the amendments of such grant
and by gifts, grants, bequests and devisc3 sup
plementary thereto and by confirmatory grantj,
are permitted, approved and confirmed.
This is the largest gift ever made by
any one person to any cause. The great
est sum ever given by Andrew Carnegie,
who Is noted for his charitable deeds, wai
$10,000,000. Mrs. Stanford gave treble that
amount yesterda;-.
The three documents are dated Septem
ber 9. 1901. They bear the signature.
Continued on Page Two.2
SCHOONER LONG
REACHES PORT
Famine-Scourged Vessel
Reports Loss of
Her Mate.
Passengers Accuse Owner of
Deserting Them "When
Supplies Give Out
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PORT TOWN'SEND, Dec. 9.— The long
overdue schooner Ralph J. Long, forty
seven days from Nome, with ninety pas
sengers and fifteen stowaways, arrived
to-day. According to the passengers, the
Long had an eventful voyage and they
narrowly escaped both starvation and
death by drowning. When the Long
sailed from Nome she difl not have more
than enough provisions and water to last
her to Dutch Harbor on a fast trip, but
before that port was reached the water
supply had given out. George Morrlll.
the managing owner, and several sailors
volunteered to go ashore In a small boat
to procure water. While they were on
itae way the steamer Arctic came along
and Morrill boarded her. leaving $135
with the boat's crew for the purchase of
water and supplies. When the Long's
passengers and crew were half famished
a favorable wind carried them to Dutch
Harbor, where the boat's crew was
picked up, and it was found that the $135
would purchase but a small portion of the
necessary supplies. A collection of $47U
was raised among the passengers.
Charles D. Lane's gasoline schooner ar
rived, and when the condition of • the
Long's passengers was learned Lane gave
$5o and the crew subscribed $107. This
money was expended, but was not enough
to pay for a sufficiency of supplies. How
over, the Alaska Commercial Company
furnished everything necessary and Cap
tain Green gave the company a bottomry
bond on the schooner.
The Loiie left Dutch Harbor on No
vember 9 ai;U encountered heavy head
winds. On November 11 a storm came up
and the little craft was tossed about at
the mercy of the gale and on several
occasions thrown almost on her beam
ends. Seas continually swept her decks,
carrying away one lifeboat and nearly all
of her water supply. While Mate Han
son was trying to save the watter barrels
he was carried overboard and drowned.
The passengers had to depend on what
rsln water could be caught on the deck
ol the vessel. They are highly indignant
at the action of the owner of the Long In
deserting them.
CRAZY SNAKE FAILS
TO SEE THE WHITE FATHEit
Former Chief of the Creeks Makes a
Trip to the White House, but
Is Not Admitted.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Crazy
Snake, who was once a leader of some
prominence among the Creek Indians,
made an unsuccessful attempt to hold a
council with Great Father Roosevelt at
the White House to-day. He appeared in
the corridors, accompanied by four other
members of his tribe and an interpreter,
and announced that he would like to see
President Roosevelt. H<2 was told that he
could only do so when in the company of
the Indian Commissioner or some official
from his office. Commissioner Jones re
fused to frank the Indians Into the White
House, and they went away unheard.- .
Crazy Snake, whose store name is Wil
son Jones, has caused the Government no
little trouble by opposing- all '.recent
treaties looking to the citzenship of In
dians and allotting their lands in several ■*
ty. His element of the tribe have not ac
cepted the terms of the treaty recently
adopted by the Legislature of the Creek
Indian nation, and want to roam and fish
and hunt in the good old-fashioned way
without any of the restrictions of modern
citizenship.
Crazy Snake wishes to keep the white
men from grazing their cattle on former
Indian grounds.
SENATOB HOAR AFTER
ANARCHISTS AND LYNCHEES
Introduces a Resolution Requesting
, the President to Negotiate With
Other Governments. . .
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Senator
Hoar gave proof In black and white to-day
that he was in earnest when he proposed
to deport anarchists to an island.
He presented in the Senate a resolution
requesting the President to enter Into
negotiations with- other civilized Govern
ments to the end that some island or other
suitable territory be set apart by joint
action on which, under due precaution
and after fair trial, persons found guilty
of attempting. Instigating or counseling
the overthrow of government, or of crim
inal attempts on chief magistrates or
other high officials, may be confined.
Thus Is the venerable Massachusetts
Senator ready for anarchy and a renewal
of attempts to get international action on
the matter.
Senator Hoar also introduced a bill de
signed to severely punish participants In
lynchings. It provides for the trial of all
lynchers by United States District Courts
and imposes Imprisonment and a heavy
money penalty on conviction. The fine Is
to paid to the family of the victim of the
lynchers, or, in case there is no family to
the treasury of the county where the
lynching occurs. It also provides that all
officers charged with the protection of
prisoners who fall in their duty shall be
fined to the extent of $5000.
Dunsmuir May Close His Mines.
NANAIMO, B. C, Dec. 9.— Premier
James Dunsmuir is so enraged over the
amalgamation of his men with the Nanai
mo unions that it is likely he will shut
down the Extension collieries, as well as
the Alexandria mines, which are to be
permanently closed. An attempt made
yesterday to enter the mines at Exten
sion, where the disastrous fire of two
months ago took place, showed that the
conflagration was still raging. The only
remedy left is flooding.
Fireman Is Fatally Injured.
TACOMA. Dec. 9.— Fire broke out at 8
o'clock this morning in the dryklln of the
Tacoma Mill Company, at Old Town.
When the firemen had It well under con
trol an explosion in the loft occurred,
™!3} ng /5 ix PiP 611160 un <*er the celling.
William Galliher, ladderman of Truck No
1, was so badly injured that he will die.
Lieutenant George Osborne was slightly
Injured about the head and legs. Th»
others escaped uninjured. The loss is $20.-
Osw, with no insurance.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 9.-A masked robber
entered Quirin s drug: store at Twentieth and
J streets at JO o'clock to-nieht. held up the
proprietor at the point of a revolver, took J10
in silver from the cash register and decamped
CALIFORNIA
CHDTNEYVSAUCE
SHoxxldf bebn '
every tadile
U^e it witH .
gl fish.saine, meats v
1 .l5 4 a25*Aneroceiy.-«. r 9 ; .-
MAYOR-ELECT SCHMITZ IS HONORED
BY COMRADES OF MUSICIANS' UNION
At First Formal Reception He Has /Attended Since His^ Election to Office He Voices His Inten
tion to Give the City a Business-Like, Conservative and Honest Administration, and Says
He Will Recognize the Fact That the Rights of All Classes of the Community Are Equal
FOUR hundred musciclans, mem- j
bers of the Musicians' Mutual
Protective Union, gave a recep
tion and banquet to Mayor-elect
Eugene E. Schmitz at Golden
Gate Hall last night. The reception be
gan at midnight, to enable all members or
the union to be" present, and the banquet
and speech-making lasted well Into the
early hours of the morning.
The Mayor-elect." who Is also president
of the union, was accorded a whole-souled
reception that was strong testimony to
the true f raternalism of the union. He
was toasted in terms of praise that would
,have turned the head of a man less mod
est, and he was presented with a loving
cup the gift of the union that boasts or
a Mayor-elect on its membership roll.
The members of the union arrived late,
after playing at the various theaters and
other places of amusement, and not until
nearly midnight did the parlors fill up
with the musicians.
The Mayor-elect arrived shortly before
midnight, alone and attired in a plain
black suit and the men who had not had
opportunity after their evening's work to
change to evening dress felt at once in
closer sympathy with the lately elected
chief executive of the municipality.
As members and ' guests arrived
they grouped in the parlors and
conversed, until, at 12:20, they were led
into the main hall and from there
marched In line to the banquet hall, led
by C. P. Abiatti and the Mayor-elect. -
The Columbia Theater Orchestra, sta
tioned on a platform across the east end
of the hall, played while the banqueters
were being seated the "American Citizen
March," composed by the guest of honor,
the Mayor-elect.
The banauet hall was decorated with
greenery and national flags. Ten tables
gave accommodation to some 300 mem
bers of the Musicians' Union. Across the
east end of the hall stretched the long
table, at the center of which was seated
FLIGHT OF CASHIER
REVEALS SHORTAGE
Continued From Page One.
position of cashier. He Is warranted to
the bank for $30,000 by one of the bonding
insurance companies. Besides the bond
for $30,000 Fleishman has considerable
property in his own name In Los Angeles
which will reduce the bank's loss consid
erably,
"I would like to say through The Call
that our paid up capital is $500,000 and the
surplus, after the loss has been niet, will
still be more than $900,000. The moment
I learned by telegraph of the defalcation
I informed and called Into service the
police department of this city, and also
nought the aid of Pinkerton's detectives,
so by this hour there Is not a police de
partment in the United States, Mexico
and Canada but has a perfect description
of the man. Let me e$.y that the bank
is still one of the strongest financial in
stitutions of the country and I would de
clare, firmly and absolutely that we will
not be affected in the slightest way by
the defalcation. Indeed, the loss itself
is not a serious one to us. but I must ad
mit my intense disappointment in the
man in whom I for so many years placed
implicit confidence. Neither depositors
nor any one connected with the j bank
need have anv fear."
When asked whether Fleishman was ex
travagant in his mode of living Mr. Hell
man declared that he was quiet in his
habits, never gambled and did not drink.
The banker said that Fleishman married
a very estimable lady. Miss Harroll of
VIsalla, but they were divorced - several
years ago. There was one child. '
Mr. Hellman left for Los Angeles last
night to prosecute the- fullest inquiries.
He declares that everything that Is possi
ble shall be done to bring Fleishman to
the bar of justice.
Pasadena Votes for Bonds.
PASADENA. Dec. 9.— In the election to
day the proposition to bond the city for
$300,000 carried almost unanimously, A
celebration by citizens followed- the an
nouncement of the result. This election
means ' the city will have two public
parks, a new city hall and jail, a new fire
department, an additional sewer system
and Improved sewer farm and will sink
an experimental water well.
Murderess Goes to San Quentin.
SAN ; BERNARDINO, Dec. 9.— Gypsy
Adams, convicted of murder, was sen
tenced to spend twenty-five years. In San
Quentin this afternoon. She killed Mrs.
Mary Mills, aged 83 years, by striking her
with a lighted lamp and setting her
clothes afire. Mrs. ; Mills was literally
roasted to death. The convicted woman
is 28 years of age.
MANAGUA, Dec. 9.— Dr. Ferdinand Sancljei,
Nicaraguan Minister of Foreign Affaire, and
William L, Merry. United States Minister to
Xica raprua. signed a treaty to-day ' by which
Nicaragua agrees to lease a section of Nicara
guan territory glx miles wide, which includes
the route of the Nicaraguan" canal, to the
United States perpetually.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY- DECEMBER 10, 1 901.
the guest of honor. .
Mr. Davis, the toastmaster, made a
few introductory remarks and bade
guests and hosts to j "eat, drink and be
merry."
After the proper excursion intp the
courses of the ' banauet had been made,
C. P. Abiatti was introduced and in a
brief speech he extended congratulation
to the Musicians' Union on the honor
that had come to it through the election
of its president as Mayor of the city.
:iD. M. Wright made a short presenta
tion SDeech and delivered the loving cup
into the hands of the guest of honor.
Mayor-Elect's Response.
'The Mayor-elect spoke as follows:
K My Dear Friends and Brothers:' This is the
first formal reception which I have accepted
since the people by their votes confirmed the
good opinion which you. yourselves, have so
often expressed, in electing me to official posi
tions in this union, by promoting me from your
presidency to the chief magistracy of the city.
And it is especially fitting that you, from
whom I come, and whose representative I am
and always hope to be, should be the first to
whom should be extended the glad hand of
acknowledgment and of grateful appreciation.
I regard this as a personal compliment great
er even than my election, for in the election
there was victory for principle as well as for
the indiviflual— the principle of equal represen
tation of all elements of the people— while I
take this as wholly a personal tribute from
you, my devoted colleagues and well wishers,
to your brother and ycur friend.
1 appreciate to the fullest extent your kind
ness and the impulsive sentiment which
prompted .this great gathering of the men of
music and their friends. It is the harmony of
hearts and the concord of the soul.
The soul of the musician is so enwrapt with
warm and kindly feeling, his mind so occupied
with the harmonies of the universe of nature
and those which underlie the noblest acts of
man, that practical raen of affairs look with
doubt upon, the possibility of the head remain
ing cool while' the heart still retains • its
warmth, its sentiment, its love. I, who know
you, am most happy Indeed that to me shall
be given the opportunity of proving practi
cally that with all, his artistic sentiments, with
THIRTY MILLIONS
FOR PALO ALTO
Continued from Page One.
"Jane L. Stanford," followed Uy her pri
vate seal and the names of George E.
Crothers, T. G. Crothers, Frank L. Ow
ens and Mountford S. Wilson as - wit
nesses. The documents' are tied with car
dinal ribbon, the color of which will in
the future be recognized as the color of
the university.
But Three of Board Present.
When the documents were presented to
the trustees there were but three of the
members of the board present. They were
Timothy Hopkins, C. D. Lathrop and S.
F. Leib. The other members of the board
are Leon Sloss, Russell J. Wilson, Henry
L. Dodge, Joseph D. Grant, Horace Da
vis, T. B. McFarland, Horatio G. Steb
bins, Frank Miller, George E. Gray and
N. W. Spaulding of this city, William N.
Stewart of Nevada and Thomas Walton
Stanford of Australia. . . .
Mrs. Stanford, mindful of the claims of
her relatives on the Stanford estate, has
not given the university her entire for
tune. She still has many millions remain
ing from the immense estate left her by
her husband.
Edwards Indicted for Forgery.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— J. Leon Ed
wards was to-day indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury for forgery. Edwards as
sisted in a pension case by signing the
name here given and claiming to have
been assistant surgeon in the Seventh
Regiment, United States Cavalry. He
took oath before the special pension ex
aminer, but *it was afterward discovered
that the true J. L. Edwards was alive and
in the East.
Impersonates Federal Officer.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— E. Perclval
Baker was Indicted to-day by the United
States Grand Jury upon the charge of im
personating a United States officer to de-l
fraud. Baker is the: journalist; who used
peculiar methods in-obtaining an X-ray
photograph of a Los Angeles Chinese wo
man's t "tlght-bound" foot with which to
illustrate an article. : : .."
Files Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding riles
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of Pazp Ointment
to refund money where • it falls to cure any
case of piles, no matter of how Ions standing
Cures ordinary cases in six days; the worst
case3 In fourteen days. One application gives
ease ana rest. Relieves itching Instantly. This
is a new discovery, and is the only pile rem
edy sold on a positive ' guarantee, no ■ cure ' no
pay. A free sample 'will be sent by mall- to
any one sending their name . and address
Price, 60e. If your drugrglat don't -keep ■ Sf. in
etock send 50c in stamps and we will ■ forward
a full size - box by mall. Manufactured bv
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. 8t. Louis, Mo - who
also . manufacture the celebrated cold cure
Laxative Bromo-Quinln* Tablets. ,
CHARACTERISTIC ATTITUDES
OF MAYOR-ELECT SCHMITZ
IN HIS BANQUET SPEECH, i
all his love for the harmonies, with all his
ideals of the beautiful in nature and in art,
the man of music may still be the man of
business, the man of affairs — sane, rational
and evenly balanced. ' ; . :
Businesslike Administration.
I propose in my administration of
the office of Mayor to justify your
confidence and support, and to earn
and retain the confidence, respect
and friendship of the entire people
of San PrnnciNCO.
I intend, as far as I can, to give a
business-like, conservative and hon
est administration.
The city's business should be at
tended to and cared for as one's pri
vate business is attended to. care
fully, economically and sensibly.
This is- not the time nor the place for long
discussion of the policy of the new administra
tion, or of any details which may be com
bined to make up such policies.
I may. say, however, that I shall
MRS. M'KINLEY
FAILS TO RALLY
Health of the Late Presi
dent's Widow Fast
Failing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Dec' 9.— The visit of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles G. Dawes to Mrs. Mc-
Kinley at her home in Canton is believed
here to be significant. Reports from Can
ton, while exceedingly guarded, are to the
effect that the condition of Mrs. McKln
ley is regarded with great anxiety by her
family and close friends.
It is generally understood that Mrs. ; Mc-
Klnley never fully recovered from the ef
fect of her experiences on the California
trip and her illness In San ' Francisco.
Then came the shock of her husbands
tragic end. It has developed that the
heart-breaking strain made serious in
roads on her physical and mental
strength. . In fact,. It is regretfully ad
mitted by those near to Mrs. McKinley
that both mind and body, have been seri
ously undermined and there are signs that
seem to indicate she is failing rapidly.
One of the unfavorable symptoms of
Mrs. McKinley's case is her mental condi
tion. She mourns .constantly for her hus
band, and can .think or talk of no other
subject. The holiday season 5 always has
been a time for gayety with Mrs. McKIn
ley, but it is, understood that she feels
the bereavement so poignantly that she
has told relatives she has . no heart to
participate In any Christmas festivities.
Another fact shows how keenly Mrs.
McKinley feels her bereavement. and how
constantly it occupies her mind. : It has
repeatedly happened since the funeral '
that on pleasant days -she has had a
rocking-chair taken' to her husband's
tomb. There; accompanied by her nurse
or a friend, she has sat for hours beside
the tomb, plunged In grief and a prey to
deepest melancholy. '
In the last two weeks this tendency to.
melancholy has grown more marked, and)
Mrs. McKinley's condition has . become . a'
source of anxiety, to her friends in Canton
and to those who have gone to ' see her
from other parts of the ' State. So keen
has the anxiety become that a systematic
effort will now be 'made to -interest, her
in things about' her. and take her mind
away from , the one subject that , absorbs
her thoughts in all her waking hours: :
Reports from Canton go so far as to in
dicate-that unless there is an improve
ment In Mrs. McKinley's condition there
is : a grave ; fear that she will not I've
through the winter. , .
To Cure a! Coldiin One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. . All
druRfjists refund the money if it fails to cure/
E. W. Grove's signature is en each box, 25c •
recognize two cardinal principles In
the performance of all my pnbllo
duties, on which I know your
thoughts -will agree with mine. ■ •
, First » That all classes of our
community 'have equal rights and
are entitled to equal privileges un
der the law, and that none are enti
tled to special privileges.
. Second) That there is no Inherent
and irreconcilable difference be
tween employer and employe, capi
tal and labor, rich and poor; that
their Interests should be Identical
and that all differences between
them can and should be adjustetl.
I believe that capital should have
steady and safe investment in order
that labor may have permanent and
remunerative employment.
Our interests all lie that -way. All
of us are equally conservative. We
want no commercial panics. We
want no soup houses, if avoidable.
We want no strikes.
Municipal Ideals.
We do want a city where the people are hap
py and prosperous; where the wage-earner and
his family live in contentment and peace;
where social conditions are such that the man
who employs labor will ask and receive no
more than he is willing to accord to his em
ploye, and where the wage-worker will give
th.e same, fair and. Just consideration to the
man who pays his wages as he is willing to
ask and take for himself; where capital and
labor will walk hand in hand for the better
ment and advancement of, this, now the great
est city of the Pacific Coast, eventually to be
come,, perhaps, the greatest, in the United
It may not be possible to realize this Ideal,
all at once, but whatever power Is given to me
will be exerted in this direction.
I feel strongly the responsibility and obliga
tion that are now upon me. I will do my best
as a man and an American to do my duty
honestly and fairly.
It is no path of roses — except, perhaps, for
the thorns, but I shall do my best to tread it
firmly and uprightly, to meet all problems as
they arise with a view single to the good of
the whole people, to the Justification of your
H ..H..r.. H ,. I .^.4..i..i..M..i;.i..i..i..M..i..i..H.o
ENCOURAGES ALL
SHIP BUILDING
Continued From Page One.
sides that the movement, for subsidized
Americans has gained'materially, and the
chances for the Frye bill are now re
garded a little -better ; than ever.
Senator Hanna has his whole heart in
the fight, and with two such strong lead
ers in support working night and day
with renewed hope and courage it is said
the bill can command almost all the Re
publican strength in the Senate.
The features of the bill changing tha
rates of mail subsidies corresponding with
the new classification of ships are looked
on as giving great strength. The present
rates— $4, $2, $1 and 67 cents— fixed by the
House in the law of 1891 have been found
to be too low for the faster mall steam
ers and too nigh for the slower after an
experience of ten years. The bill passed
by the Senate that year fixed the rates at
$6, $3, $150 and $1. The -Frye bill restores
the old Senate rates of $6 to twenty-knot
steamers, increasing, from 8000 to 10,000
tons minimum size, and restores the rate
of $3 for . sixteen-knot steamers, provided
the size is increased from 5000 tons, the
present ■ minimum, to 8000 tons, the mod
ern - British . and German mail size. J . The
bill leaves at present the rates or re
duces the mail pay for slower and smaller
steamers, lit drops j altogether the -obso
lete wooden steamers of only twelve
knots as no longer eligible from the ocean
mail service.' The rates fixed by the bill
are maximum I rates. Mail contracts are
open to competition and will be awarded
at rates as far below maximum as will
secure an American mail service.
A general uniform subsidy. of one cent
per gross ton for every one hundred miles
sailed is another feature that is com
manding favorable -comment. This amount
is sufficient, according to the latest fig
ures; to equalize the difference in Ameri
can-seamen's wages and in. the cost of
building ocean: steainers, in the United
States and Great Britain referred to in
President Roosevelt's message and' Sec
retary Gage's report. To promote the
building of new ocean vessels an addi
tional allowance of one-fourth of a' cent
per gross ton is. made for five years. The
bill provides that a - vessel' shall receive
only one form of subsidy. •"■• •
Stabs .Wife and Himself.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 9.-J. O. Nelson, a
well-known diver, to-night made ah al
most successful attempt to kill his wife
ancT then drove the blade of a pocket
knife through his own heart. Nelson was
Insanely. Jealous -of -his- wife, but without
reason.. The woman was' severely wound
ed, : a gash which extended six
inches along the back of'the- head. She
was also stabbed in the neck
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Decl 9.— Chile has
In" one'e^iser. thrCe tO f Ped °- boat d «"™y«"
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.^-General' " Wood
military ; Governor ot. Cuba..- left" here Uo-day
for New Tork," where he - will take the first
cteamer sailing ■ for • Havana, . . B< "
confidence, and to the credit and honor of
the city and of myself.
I want your active and earnest support and
co-operation as well as the support and co
operation of all good citizens, in addition to
the friendly sentiments that you already have
for me.
I may not be able to please all} no
man can.*- Sly friends I Trill never
forncet. True friendship Is the Jewel
In the diadem of life. I hope to have
no enemies. I have none now. Any
differences which may have existed
are forgotten.. The strife and con
flict of the campaign are laid away.
I go forward with a heart and mind
free from bitterness and .resent
ment and open to every friendly ad
vance and honest sosrgestlon.
I am now about to embark on a sea here
tofore by me entirely unexplored; but I have
m"y charts and my compass. With the .favoring
winds of your friendship and support and the
impelling power of the sound and honest opin
ion of all our fellow citizens I know I shall
have a successful voyage.
When my term of office shall have expired,
I shall come back to you and to the people,
the same old comrade and friend, wearing the
same number seven hat and delighting to hear
you call me the same old "Gene." -
Alfred Roncoviere, the Mayor-elect's
most intimate friend, responded to the
toast, "Persbnal Reminiscences — The Mu
sician in Politics."
I Major E. W. Kent responded to the
toast, "Our Honored Guest": Secretary
Sam Davis to "The Recent Election and
"What It Has Proven"; F. Dellepiane to
"Is Music a Universal Language?" and
A. Dijeau to "Trades Unions as a Fac
tor in Politics.""
Numbers by the orchestra and special
ties by vaudeville artists from the thea
ters filled out an entertaining programme
and lent additional merriment to . the
period following the speechmaklnp. * .
Among the guests present were the fol
lowing theatrical and concert managers:
John Morrisey, W. H. Levy, Ed : P. Levy,
Philip Hastlngrs, Morris Meyerfeld Jr., Fred
Belasco, M. E. Mayer, S. C. Oppenheimer, S.
L. Ackerman, AI Walterstein and D. A.
Fischer.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of the following named: ■
C. Abbiatl. Sam Davis, Theodora KIsfeldt.
Samuel Samuels and Dexter Wright.
The reception committee was composed
as follows:
■Alfred Roncovlerl. Richard Yanke, JoHn
Wenzel, George E. Williams and P. Frederick.
Kohler & Chase, Established 1850.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS
FOR CHRISTMAS.
Some suggestions from the stock of <
KOHLER 8c CHASE,
' where retail buyers have their choice from our wholesale stock.
Pianos—
Largest stock in the West-from the peerless KNABE to the lowest-
priced instrument. Kohler & Chase guarantee to give you the best value
S°Wl r mo ™y- Don't buy until you have seen their ■tockandtoe wo"-
/i^SS^l^^fj^^^*"" 1 - New ' "Hat"?. guaT£nV
and Pianolas
I 2SMS nSc 3 S f tls S tlc f ai r iy all Use n d
,in fact, all the KTtatmv^iu. V^^^mm^Sy^K'oS^& t cSJSi
Washburn Guitars, Mandolins and Banjos
Are the acknowledged standard of the world. Kohler & Chase ar« «ni«
wholesale distributors for California. WASHBURNS f frfm »5 up KohS
& Chase are also sole distributors of the celebrated CHASE line Just think?
hoUdty Slcfof SS.Oa C PrCSent an y bod r? for 3taas « th2\Se5ai-
Kohler & Chase are the largest wholesalers and retailers of talklnjr ma-
chines on this coast. Their line includes the EDISON PHONOORaph
the best machine In the world; the Vitoohone the lpadin?
Hat disk machine, and specially selected ?ecords for all talkta?^ mSin^i
The Lamson Indestructible Records for the Phonograph. Machines".
KNABE MGENTS.
HEADQUARTER J 26-30 O'FaiTeil St., SANFRAXC1SCO
OPEN EVENINGS.
BULLET FITS
ALLEN'S RIFLE
Discovery That Does Not
Help Grass Valley; ' •
Suspect.
Has Weapon of Same Caliber
as That Used by Grif
fiths* Slayer.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 9.— All Nevada
County is wondering why Charles Allen,
suspected of complicity In the doing
away with Joseph Griffiths, Is not under
arrest. Yesterday a 44-caliber bullet WJ.
found In the body of the murdered maiTJ
To-day it was learned that Allen has a
rifle of" that caliber. Griffiths was la^t
seen alive in the Allen home. Months
after his disappearance his body wju
found at the bottom of an abandoned
mine shaft at the rear -of Allen'a house.
"While the inquest has been In progress
here . the suspect has paced up and down
in front of. the dingy courtroom, making
no attempt to hide his extreme nervous
ness and seemingly not meditating any
attempt at escape.
The Coroner's lnauest ended In a ver
dict that means nothing, except that Jo
seph Griffiths was murdered. The jury
reported simply that the deceased came
to his death from an unknown cause and
at the hands of a person or'persons un
known. To-morrow the Grand Jury will
take up the case, and following Its de
liberations there are likely to be several
arrests.
Sheriff Getchell went Into the country
to-day and found Dirgle Toolie, the In
dian implicated In the tragedy, and
brought him to town. An Immense crowd
surrounded the party as It returned, as
many believe the Indian to be the'mur
derer. When the' inquest was resumed
this afternoon the streets were packed
with people who could not gain an en
trance. Word of the proceedings was
passed along, and every sentence was
eagerly caugnt up and communicated tu
others. •?. r- >-
Mrs. Jennie Kelener was an Important
witness. She said that Mrs. Benfleld told;
her some time ago that if she (Mrs. Ben-f^"
field) were a man she would find Grlf-T
nths' body . in two hours. Mrs. Benfieid
contradicted this, and for a time It was
feared there would be trouble In the
courtroom.
William Benfleld, from whom the in
formation leading to the finding of the
body first came, took the stand again to
day. He said that he was intoxicated
when he testified on Saturday evening,
and that he had committed perjury in
answer to every- Question. His -testimony
to-day was a flat contradiction of his evi
dence of Saturday night.
When Dirgie Toolie,' the Digger Indian*
walked Into the courtroom, escorted by
Sheriff Getchell, all eves were turned
upon him. On the stand he displayed con
siderable Intelligence. He said he was
at the Anthony House, several mil«s away,
when the murder was committed. When
asked point blank if he had murdered
Griffiths he vehemently replied that he
had not. Annie Texas, the Indian's wife,
was called to the stand, but she could
give no important information.
John Hocking, through whose efforts
Griffiths* body was found at the bottom
of the mining shaft, told a straightfor
ward story of how he had come t>y his
information. During a conversation with
Mrs. Keleher the latter had said that Mrs.
Benfieid had told her she knew where
the body was. Hocking was Informed
that Mrs. Benfieid had said that "at 5
o'clock my boy saw that man under a
tree and at 7 o'clock he was done away |!
witli." .= •• . • -• • ■■ • \ v
TO IMPKOVE THE NAVY.
Senator Hale Introduces a Batch of
Important Bills.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Senator Hale
to-day introduced a number of bills re
lating to the navy, among them being
bills to enable naval courts-martial and
navy courts of inquiry to compel the at
tendance of civilian witnesses; to equalize
the pay of officers of the navy with those
of corresponding rank In the army and
marine corps; to authorize the command
ants of naval stations beyond the conti
nental limits of the United States to con
vene general courts-martial for the trial
of offenders under their command and to
authorize an increase of the enlisted
force of the marine corps. < ■
Other bills Introduced were:
By Warren— Granting 160 acres of land
each for the use of the plants of indus
trial institutions located on the public
domain.
. By Perkins— To prohibit Chinese immi
gration.
By Teller— Authorizing the construction
of a railroad across, the Territory of
Alaska by the Trans-Alaskan Railroad;
Company, and granting each alternate
section of the public land along the lino
of the proposed road.
By Mason— Providing a code of land
laws for the Territory of Hawaii, classi
fying, the salaries of postofflce clerks and
fixing an eight-hour day for postofflce
employes.
VAIXEJO, Dec. 9.— The French man-of-war
Protet arrived here at 3 o'clock thia afternoon.
Salutes were exchanged as the Independence
was passed. The admiral's barge, bearing
Lieutenant Commander Parker, went out to
meet the foreigner.CONCENTRATION
OF THE BOERS
Lord Inslow Gives Prom
ise of Reforms in
South Africa.
Rush of Applicants to Enlist
in the Regiment of Cana
dian Mounted Rifles.
LONDON, Dec. 10.— Lord Inslow, Par
liamentary Secretary of the Coloaial Of
fice, while speaking at Crewes last night,
announced that the concentration camps
in South Africa had now been placed
u£jL r tne control of the civil authorities;
thif no pains or expense would be spared
to place them in the healthiest possible
condition, and that those concentrados
who wished to go to the coast would be
freely permitted to do bo.
Lord Inslow added that the larger con
centration camps were being: broken up
into smaller ones of from 2000 to 3000
persons each, and that if the Government
found matters did not improve in the fu
ture It would not hesitate to turn to
the experience which has been gained in
India in dealing with the plague
HALIFAX, N. S.. Dec. 9.— Enlistment
of men for the Canadian Mounted Rifles
to be sent on service to South Africa be
gan here to-day. There was a rush of
applicants.
,cT^ H F rGTONT - r>ec - 9--Ensineer-ln-Chler
Melville has Investigated the published reports
that the machinery of the battleship Illinois
now In dock at New Orleans, has been found
defective, and as a result It Is declared that
the Illinois' machinery 1* all rlgfot.
AJDVEBTTSEMSITTS.
t$2.50
yLJ 4£of n V..n* \J
$2.50
$2.50
$2.50
IN WILLOW WARE
We illustrate a beautiful workstand, at
the extremely moderate price of $2.50.
Other styles at $2.75, $3.25 and
$3.5O.
We direct attention also to our very
large line of waste baskets: one can
make a very acceptable present at a
cost not exceeding $1.2o. We have
an exceptionally fine variety ranging
from 30c to $2.25 each.
COULTER'S RATTAN WORKS,
227 SUTTER ST.
£ STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IX THE STATE OF
California, op the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1900, and lor the year ending: on that
£ay, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of "the State of California., pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and €11 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Comxnissicser-
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 11,000,000, 00
i ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company $5€3,700 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 280.187 64
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,262,825 00
Amount of J/oans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 1S1.100 00
Cash tn Company's Office 14,473 07
Cash in Banks 176,032 42
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 790 30
interest due and accrued on Bonds
jTand Mortgages 6.91J 34
rPrpmlums in due Course of Collec-
1 tion 460.J75 64
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 50.743 8S
"Warrants 1,256 56
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losse* already paid.. . 8,102 CS
Advances on unsettled Marine Losses 6,076 85
Bills Receivable L600 00
Total Assets S! .t4.013.67S 76
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $32,033 39
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 138,773 92
Loeves reriEted. Including expenses. 6.S25 00
Orops premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lees. $1,153,362 88;
reinsurance 60 per cent S76.6S1 44
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, H.4E3,-
609 40: reinsurance pro rata 744,333 SO
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $23,365 47:
reinsurance 100 per cent 23.3G3 47
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, J137, 614 95; reinsurance 50
percent 68.M7 47
Fl>ec!al deposits 14,759 S3
' Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 61.850 61
Marine bills payable 6,218 07
Total Liabilities Jl.671.807 61
INCOME.
rcet each actually received for Fire
premiums $1,587,432 63
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 323,183 05
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgage* "•"••■•••••• «,«» IS
r>jelve<l for interest and dividends
- A Bonds, Etocke. Loan«, and from
W other sources 117,439 08
K^Teived for Rents 27,952 09
Total Income .$2.098.676 00
EXFENDITtTRES.
Iffrt amount paid for Fire Losses $988,951 74
N>t tmount paid for Marine Losses. 197,496 8S
Oivldends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • 237,30145
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 236,017 74
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 68.432 4»
All other payments and expenditure! 191.008 91
Total Expenditure* $2,059,209 14
Losses incurred during the year $1.191.457 64
Rlskg and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
ye^r ten .. d . U !"! n 5.-. the tOLTOML f2.316.B97 26
Net amount of Risks
tSr nMl ... d . U r! n .l.. t . he 167.91*11 1.982.6214S
Net amount In force
December 31. 19C0.... 217.250.396 2.616,972 28
► Rifks and Premiums. Mar. Risk*. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year j $1C1.564-,E72 $862,050 SO
N-t amount of Risks
'^/ArcA during the
llir 3C3.S24.7S3 i £31,061 S5
Nfcf amount in force !
December 31. 1«X)....| 4.SS0.4S | 16L180 42
M 3 DT jxTON, Prest.
LOUIS WEINMANN, Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
Cay of January. 1901.
ANDREW J. CLUNIE,
. Insurance Commissioner.
PRESIDENT MAKES BIG
BATCH OF APPOINTMENTS
Cornelius Van Cott Named as Postmaster of Greater New
York and Van Reypen, Bradford and O'Neal Are Made
Chiefs of Naval Bureaus With Rank of Rear Admiral
WASHINGTON. Dec. 9.— The
President to-day appointed
Cornelius Van Cott to be
postmaster at New York. The
following nominations were
also sent to the Senate:
State — Consuls of the United States —
Richmond Pearson of North Carolina at
Genoa; Henry D. Smilor of Pennsylvania
at Dawson, Yukon Territory.' Canada.
Treasury— To be Collectors of Customs—
Levi - M. Wilcuts, District of Duluth.
Minn.; Wlillam H. Devos, District of Mil
waukee, Wis. Louis T. Weiss, Commis
sioner of Immigration at Baltimore;
Washington Haverstick of Wisconsin,
general Inspector Treasury Department.
Navy— Medical Director William IC Van
Reypen, to be surgeon general and Chief
of the Bureau of Medicine and Surgery;
Captain Royal B. Bradford, U. S. .N.,
Chief of the Bureau of Equipment, with
rank of rear admiral; Captain Charles
O'Neal, U. S. N., Chief of the Bureau of
Ordnance, with rank of .rear admiral.
California Postmasters.
Postmasters — California — Susan L.
Drake, Colusa; Nathaniel Bullock,
Eureka; William W. James. Monterey;
Samuel S. Johnston, National City;
Archie G. Madison, Angels Camp.
Idaho— Jacob C. Garber, Grangeville;
Aaron Frost, Wardner; Dora Clegg, Rex
burg; Fred G. Havemann, Salmon.
"War— To be chaplains— George C. Stull,
Montana; J. C. Granvllle. Missouri; H. P.
Silver, Nebraska; Thomas K. Dickson,
Missouri.
Artillery— First lieutenant— George M.
Apple, at large.
Navy— Commander— Augustus G. Kel
logg, retired, to be transferred from the
furlough to the retired pay list.
Albert W. Thompson, to be receiver of
public moneys at Clayton, N. M.; Ed
ward W. Fox, to be register of the land
office at Clayton, N. M.
The President also sent to the Senate a
number of appointments which have here
tofore been announced.
Had he not been reappolnted to-day,
Admiral Van Reypen would have retired
within a year in the grade of captain. On
December 28 next, however, he will have
served forty years in the army and navy
and so may retire as an admiral. He will
then be succeeded by Dr. Bixey.
Admirals O'Neal and Bradford were re
appointed chiefs of the bureaus of Ord
nance and Equipment, respectively, fol
lowing the custom in such cases.
Coi^firmed by the Senate.
The Senate to-day confirmed the follow
ing nominations:
To be Consuls of the United States— O.
SINGLE CLUMP
YIELDS FORTUNE
Dredger Brings Up Gold
in Folsom Mining
District.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 9.— Donald Cam
eron, manager of the Ashburton Mining
Company, the stock of which is owned
exclusively by Eastern capitalists, report
ed this afternoon that yesterday's clean
up of the dredger working near Folsom
netted $6000 in gold dust. Cameron said
this figure represented the average
weekly earnings for some time past. He
added that two more dredgers were
being built by other companies near the
one he is operating.
Cameron said he visited the Blue Wing
mine, near Folsom. recently, and while
he was there a panful of earth was taken
out which when washed yieldel $200 gold
dust He is confident that the Folsom
country is rich in gold.
These for the most part are diggings
abandoned by miners in the sixties as
"worked out," but it appears modern
methods bring forth the mineral which
the early miners were unable to get
through their primitive appliances.
HOSTETTEftV
M- CELEBRATED M*
g^ STOMACH £
The Bitters will cure
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Consti-
pation, flatulency, Nervous-
ness and Malaria, Fever and
Ague.
It should be in every household.
Be sure to get.the genuine.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1901.
NOMINEE OF THE PRESIDENT
-FOR POSTMASTER OF. NEW
YORK CITY.
D J Hughes of Connecticut (Consul
General), at Coburgh; Robert E. Mansfield
of Indiana, at Valparaiso; F. B. Qessner ,
of Ohio, at Zittau, Saxony; Edward A.
Creevey of Connecticut, at Glauchau,
Germany; A. B. Garrett of West Virginia,
at Nuevo Laredo, Mexico; Charles P. H.
Nason of Pennsylvania, at Grenoble,
France; William H. Hunt of New York,
at Tamatave, Madagascar; L. A. Martin
of West Virginia, at Ciudad Porforio
Diaz Mexico; William B. Sorsby of Mis
sissippi, at Kingston. Jamaica; C. V.
Herdliska of District of Columbia, at San
Juan del Norte, Nicaragua; William L.
Sewell of Ohio, at Pernambuco, Brazil; E.
H Gunsaulus of Ohio, at Toronto, Can
ada: George Sawter of New York, at An
tigua West Indies; Ethel bert Watts of
Pennsylvania, at Prague. Austria; Frank
R. Mowrer of Ohio, at Ghent, Belgium; A.
H Williams of 'New. i Hampshire, at
Saltillo, Mexico; Richard L. Sprague of
Massachusetts, at Gibraltar, Spain: Plet
ro Cuneo of Ohio, at Turin, Italy; George
W. Colvin of Oregon, at BarranquUla,
Colombia; C. K. Bolles of Pennsylvania,
at Kiel, Germany; Robert P. Skinner of
Ohio (Consul General), at Marseilles,
France; Henry B. Miller of Oregon, at
Niuchwang, China; George E. Maldwin of
Ohio, at Nuremburg, Bavaria: James I.
McCallum of District of Columbia, at St
Gali. Switzerland.
BLAMES NO ONE
FOR BAY WRECK
Coroner's Jury Ends In
quest Over Body of
Crandall.
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 9.— No censure 13
contained in the verdict of the Coroner's
jury returned to-day at the close of the
inquest over the body of William G.
Crandall, the heroic passenger who, after
aiding in the saving of many lives, went
down with ,the ferry-boat San Rafael
after her collision with the Sausallto.
After "a short deliberation the jury re
turned a verdict to the effect that 'Cran
dall "came to his death by exposure or
drowning in the waters of the bay of
San Francisco as a result of the collision
of the steamers San Rafael and Sausa
llto." ..
The jury was composed of L. A. Lancel,
B. W. Studley, W. E. Robertson, E. S.
Rake, Peter Brunn, C. P. Ware, P. Ross.
Ben Merritt. M. Rovanagh and Owen
Casey.
During .to-day's proceedings the facts
of the bay accident were retold by sev
eral witnesses. The testimony was the
same as that ■ given before the United
States authorities at the- time of their
investigation.
Captain 'J. T. McKenzie of the San Ra
fael described the events immediately
preceding and following the accident.
After every one was believed to have been
taken from the San Rafael he made a
complete tour of the sinking craft and
saw no one remaining aboard. Captain
W. T. Tribble of the Sausalito next told
his story. Richard S. Wooser, engineer
of the Sausalito, told of the speed of that
vessel on the fateful night. Frank Dean,
a waiter on the Sausalito, described the
rescue of passengers.
.John Petersen, second mate of the Sau
sallto and lookout on the night of the
collision, told of the collision. Charles
Jensen, second mate and lookout of the
San Rafael, said. the passengers and crew
of that boat behaved, very well. The
crew did. everything possible. Louis
Werez and Clinton Mason, *pa.ssengers,
testified that the crews, rendered all pos
sible aid to the passengers.
PHOENIX. A. T.. Dec. 9.— Constable Hop
kins of Santa Barbara left here to-night -with
George . Hayford, alias Rev. Joseph Anderson,
who is wanted in that city for a series of
alleged offences whereby money was obtained
by false pretenses. ' -,
CARNEGIE'S GIFT
TO GOVERNMENT
Ten Millions to Establish
University for Higher
Education.
Donor to Furnish All Money-
Needed, Not One Cent Being
Asked From Uncle Sam.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— The Post to
morrow will .eay: President Roosevelt
has received a letter from Andrew Car
negie, in which the latter offers to make
a donation of $10,000,000 , to the j United
States. The letter will be referred to
Congress by the President in a special
message. \
Carnegie's gift is for the purpose of es
tablishing In Washington a university for
higher education. "As far as his idea has
been developed it proposes a gift after
the manner of the bequest of James
Smithson, the Englishman who gave
$1,000,000 for the establishment and main
tenance of what Is now known as the
Smithsonian Institution. Smithson de
sired the institution founded by him to be
a factor in "the diffusion of scientillc
knowledge.','
Carnegie 'proposes that the university
which he is to endow shall be the great
est institution in the world for the devel
opment of higher education. He has
consulted President Gilman of Johns Hop
kins University, President Hadley of
Yale, President Eliot of Harvard, ex-
President White of Cornell and all the
leading educators of the country. They
heartily indorse his plan.
The proposed university will not Inter
fere in the least with the educational in
stitutions already established, but will
supplant them, for, according to the
present plan, its doors will be open' only
to those who desire to take up a post
graduate course.
Carnegie also wants the new university
to take the lead in original research, so
that the United States can eventually
stand side by side with Germany, if not
excel that nation in scientific develop
ment.
Carnegie's plan does not propose a na
tional university In the sense that an ap
propriation will be asked or needed. The
Government is simply to be the trustee
of the magnificent endowment, just as it
administers the fund bequeathed by
Smithson. It is probable that a board of
regents will be appointed, as in the case
of the Smithsonian Institution, or it may
be that the Government will be represent
ed on the board of directors, which, it
Is contemplated, shall consist of men of
national reputation. , :
Carnegie has kept the proposed endow
ment a secret until he could definitely ar
range the plan and scope of the new uni
versity. Even yet all these details have
not been arranged, so that little more
than the outline of his gift can be pub
lished.
It is known, however, that he does not
pronose to ask from Congress a single
foot of land upon which the university
building will be constructed. The entire
expense Is to be borne out of his en
dowment. No site has yet been selected.
It will, however, - necessarily be very
large, as it is proposed to erect a series
of magnificent structures.
The amount of money to be given by
Carnegie equals the sum of the present
endowment fund of Harvard, and is con
siderably more than the invested fund of
Yale.
OFFICIALS SEND AGENTS
TO TREAT WITH BRIGANDS
Reliable Information Beceived as to
the Place of Concealment of
• Hiss Stone.
'SOFIA. Bulgaria, Dec. 9.— According to
Information received from Salonica, Miss
Ellen M. Stone and Madame Tsilka, her
companion, are concealed in the vicinity
of Rilo (about live miles south of Dub
nitza, in Bulgarian territory). »The news
was brought by a Macedonian who left
there December 1 and who furnished pre
cise information regarding the hiding
places and the names of the agents sup
plying ftfbd for the brigands and their
captives. It is understood that the . in
formation is considered reliable enough
to Justify the American officials in Turk
ish territory to dispatch agents to treat
with the bandits and that application has
already been made to the Turkish Gov
ernment for the free passage of the emis
saries across the Turkish frontier, which
is guarded by troops at every hundred
yards.
Claims the Will Is Forged.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Mrs. Caroline
Blickle of Allegheny, Pa., has written
to President Roosevelt asking his assist
ance in securing what she alleges is due
her from a fortune of $100,000 or more left
by an uncle, Charles Brenlg, who went
to Hawaii in 1860 under the name of Sim-.
eon Weibert. She alleges that the will
under which Samuel M. Damon, formerly
a member of President Dole's Cabinet,
is made chief beneficiary was forged.
Crushed to Death by Falling Tree.
JACKSON, Miss., Dec. 9.— A special
from Newton, Miss., says Manager John
son of the Postal Telegraph Company,
his son and a negro driver were killed
three miles from town' this morning by
a falling tree. They had gone to repair
n telegraph line, .when a tree fell across
the road, crushing them to death.
llj|ll|i^ ' A year's
iMmM^KK] guarantee X'iW^'.-V
I Si 2 s US ill i 8 ttS in I Our "Yeargood" guarantee goes with VxWt/yW^ J
I ■ J 3 O/ao/3?/ ac /ae/a? / every one of. our made to order suits \<V%^?/^X \^NI
U^I_^-'. - hSUJS,*!^ I and overcoats. It entitles you- to a vC%^%0V^«viv
'■». ' ' <MI '""-^-/ year's repairing free. At any time you m S / « <?// *y\. \\
\. V— -— "*""""" 1 can brin B tne clothes in and have them Nj^jT^oV^ r l°X 1
\ pressed and we will make any necessary' J
X^^^? :^^^^0^C \ We do this to protect you fully and to J^W^ < V<r^ S
\ * Vft V prove that our garments are made right rj>s^ s X
YX^^s^^Y'hX © \ **Vi6i \ or we could not give such a liberal / '^^^,S> , X
\^C£\%T* \fa\i 3 \Kt\» a A P rivile S e - / ' , ■ . /-^>^A^^^/^^
\ » \ 7r»\ iM io\aO\*M29 \ Suppose you get some of our samples I
I 9 \V*U 8 UiA**\^!LJ -we have a swell line, at ?15 in ex- / >«HSbS?§^^7?^
\ elusive winter patterns. I j r l<5 r^/d&^T^y^ I
\ ' /^^^^y^ y/^yr\, Suits satisfactorily made to order for / : 2<s/J[ & /JnJ ** ft a / B /« /
""" (1 Jj^^V^V^ X out-of-town customers through our self- C^,,^- '^?/jQ?/2t /££/ x Q / *O /
■•/^'y / VAV\'' measuring system— write for samples. S /3o/*3/p ? I
HIGHLY DRAMATIC SCENE
IN THE SENATE CHAHBER
Senator Tillman of South Carolina Challenges His Colleague,
Senator McLaurin, to Resign With Him After a Brief but
Bitter Controversy Concerning Their Respective Policies
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— The
Senate chamber was the
scene of a highly dramatic
episode to-day when Senator
Tillman of South Carolina
challenged his colleague, Senator Mc-
Laurin, to resign with him on the spot.
In order, to use his own language, that
they might be able to "wash their dirty
linen at home." McLaurin did not take
up the gage. The Incident to-day was
the -direct result of the very bitter con
troversy which arose between the Senators
in South Carolina last spring. McLaurin
arose to a question of personal privilege
to-day and proceeded to explain what he
charged was a conspiracy to discredit him
in his own State for facts and views
which did not meet the approval of cer
tain Democratic leaders. -
A stir in the chamber followed when
McLaurin of South Carolina arose to a
question of personal privilege. He had
before him a huge pile of manuscript.
McLaurin Shows Much Emotion.
"I arise to a question of personal priv
ilege in connection with the publication
of the statement that I have been ex
cluded from participation in the Demo
cratic party caucus," he announced. Witn
evidence of considerable emotion he pro
ceeded to explain that if such was the
case and if he were to be without assign
ment upon committees the rights of nis
State, which he in part represented in the
Senate, would suffer. The only notice he
had ever had, he said, that he was to be
excluded from the Democratic caucus
came last spring before the adjournment
of the Senate, when the chairman of the
Democratic National Committee asked
him why he no longer attended the Dem
ocratic caucuses. He had replied that in
view of his opinion of the questions grow
ing out of tne Spanish war he thought
his presence might.be embarrassing. Ihe
Democratic chairman had replied:
"Then perhaps it would be less embar
rassing to you not to.be invited to the
caucuses?" _ . .
McLaurin said he had replied: "Certain
ly " -
This incident, McLaurin declared, was
the culmination of a long series of events
in a contest waged by an element pi the
Democratic party against him. .
Continuing, McLaurin said he could be
silent did he not fear that the movement
against him was one to keep alive section
alism. For many years the people of the
South had realized that they had not ob
tained their fair share of the national
benefits. McLaurin recalled the fact that
although Samuel J. Randall had ad
vocated a protective tariff he had been
voted for in a Democratic national con
vention for President. Hancock, although
he declared the tariff was a local issue,
had been nominated for President, and
David B. Hill, although he opposed the in
come tax. had not been read out of the
Democratic party. :.\ , .. '.; .'.
Explains Several of His Votes.
The holding of such views by Northern
men, no matter how diverse, did not en
danger the position of certain political
leaders, and consequently they were im
mune from attack. But when a Southern
man, said McLaurin, tried to get the ben
efit of the tariff for his people, those
whose political career might be ended by
the success of his efforts were ready to
crush and humiliate him.
Now the principal charge against him
was that during the McKinley adminis
tration he had "been bought by patron
age," and that he had renewed his for
mer contract with President Roosevelt.
Entertaining the high personal regard
that he did for both the late President
and his successor, McLaurin said it would
be unnecessary for him to say that neith
er would stoop ;to- so ignoble an act. He
had voted for the war with Spain, and
declared that in the same spirit in which
ho had cast that vote he felt that he was
compelled to support the administration
that conducted it. He still thought that
the conduct of the war should have been
non-partisan, and during its progress he
had never heard from President McKln-
Iey's lips a word concerning party advan
tage.
While without official knowledge of the
charges brought against him -by his
Democratic colleagues, from the newspa
pers he "understood that the principal
charges were that he. had not opposed
the ratification of the treaty of peace
with Spain: that he had upheld the ad
ministration in its efforts to restore or
der in the Philippines, and to that end
had voted for an increase in the stand
ing army, and that he was in favor of
the upbuilding of the American merchant
marine.
Excoriated New Democratic Leaders.
"If these are the only charges," said
he, dramatically, "they are true, and I
glory in them.
"But," he declared, "the dictates of rea
son and conscience should not be stifled
by the party lash."
With bitter words, McLaurin then pro
ceeded to excoriate the new leaders of
the Democratic party, who had, he said,
guided the party to its destruction during
the last few years and were trying to
crucify those who would seek to draw
the Democratic party back to its old al
legiance.
"When McLaurin took his seat, Jones of
Arkansas took the floor. Some of the
statements made by McLaurin Jones con
sidered a reflection upon himself, and said
he desired to offer a statement concern
ing the incident to which McLaurin had
referred. At the extra session of the
Senate last spring he had been asked by
the caucus officer tor the list of Senators
vho were to be summoned to a caucus,
and McLaurin's name being mentioned,
he (Jones) had said that he himself would
see the Senator from South Carolina,
"I met him In the cloakroom," said
Jones, "and, recalling the fact that hs
had not attended a Democratic caucus
for more than two years, I asked him
what his status was. He replied that his
relations with the party were such that
he thought it would be embarrassing for
him to enter the Democratic caucus. I
then said to him, 'You do not wish to be
invited, then?' and he replied, 'Certainly.'
As to the charge of ulterior motive on
my part," continued Senator Jones, "I
am content to treat it with the contempt
it deserves."
Tillman of South Carolina was on his
feet when Jones concluded. In his char
acteristic way he answered that while
his name had not been mentioned, he wa3
the cause of it all. He would not at this
time make an extended reply. Briefly he
reviewed the controversy between himself
and Senator McLaurin which led to the
joint tender of their resignations to the
Governor of South Carolina last spring,
and told of the Governor's suggestion
that the resignations be withdrawn.
Tillman said he contended that the Gov
ernor was simply "a box into which he
had put letters for the Legislature." and
that they could not undo the act, but Mc-
Laurin had hastened f.o withdraw his let
ter. Tillman said he had examined the
record, and that of about 200 cases in the
history of the Government where Sen
ators had resigned McLaurin enjoyed the
distinction of being the only one who had
withdrawn his resignation after offering
it.
McLaurin made no reply to Tillman, but
in replying to Senator Jones said that he
did not desire that there should be any
thing Dersonal in his charge that there
had been an "ulterior purpose" in any
thing he had done.
Hoar of 'Massachusetts addressed him
self to the legality of the resignations
which the South Carolina ' Senators had
sent to the Governor of their State. He
declared that the resignation of a legis
lative officer vacated the office at once,
and that he doubted whether such resig
nations could be withdrawn. In his opin
ion neither of the South Carolina Sen
ators had a right to address the Senate
if the statements made by Tillman were
correct.
Tillman said he had been of the same
opinion himself, and he suggested that
the Judiciary Committee' look into the
matter, as he should enjoy .nothing so
much as washing the. "dirty linen" at
home.
Tillman Again Proposes to Resign.
Jumping to his feet McLaurin declared In
ringing tones that he was ready to meet
his colleague at any place or at any time
for the discussion of the Issues between
them. Thereupon, in most dramatic fash
ion, Tillman challenged his colleague to
resign on the spot. "Let us draw up the
papers now," said he, "and tender them
to this man (pointing to the presiding of
ficer), and that will settle it."
All eyes were turned upon McLaurin,
but the latter did not rise from his seat
or make reply.
Hoar • explained in detail the occasion
upon which Speaker Blaine had held that
a resignation immediately vacated a seat
ih the House, and said a resolution for the
expulsion of a member from South Caro
lina was about to be voted upon, and the
member, knowing that the resolution
would be adopted, sent his resignation to
the chair, with the intention of address
ing the House and then offering it before
the vote on the resolution was taken. As
soon as Speaker Blaine saw the nature of
the communication sent to him he .imme
diately declared the seat vacant, thus put
ting an end to all further proceedings.
Hoar contended that if the facts bearing
upon the case of the South Carolina Sen
ators had been correctly stated it was
doubtful whether they were entitled to
seats- upon the floor of the Senate at this
time.
Tillman said if his colleague would pre
pare any document that would vacate his
seat as well as his (Tillman's) he would
be glad to sign it.
Lodge at this point announced smiling
ly that while the resignations were pre
paring he would move that the Senate go
into executive session. After a half-hour
behind closed doors the Senate at 2:53
p. m. adjourned. •
STREETCAR STRIKE
CAUSES SERIOUS RIOT
Officers When Attacked ~Use Their
Revolvers and Wound Three
of the Mob.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 9.— The most
serious of the many riots which have oc
curred here during the street car strike
happened to-day. Special Omcer Prank
Schofleld, accompanied by Detective Cos
grove, . whose head was cut in Sunday's
riot, went to the scene of Sunday night's
disturbance to apprehend any one the
detective might be able to identify as
having been one of t-ie assailants. They
attempted to arrest a man in a saloon,
but no sooner was • the warrant shown
than a crowd of miners attacKed them
with drills, clubs and bottles. They re
treated backward, protecting themselves
with drawn revolvers, when some one in
the mob fired two shots. The officers and a
non-union motorman who accompanied
them, emptied their • revolvers, thereby
scattering the mob, and then ran. The
mob kept up a- steady fire from places of
concealment. Three of the mob were
shot, but their wounds are not serious.
Schofleld Is a striking conductor. He is
serving . as a special officer in a magis
trate's court to fill in time until the strike
shall be settled. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
A LARGE, STOCK
RICH
HOLIDAY GOODS.
Night Robes
Neck Dress
Gloves
Underwear
Shirts
Handkerchiefs
Paiatna Suits
Umbrellas, Etc.
EACIESON I CO.,
T48-75O Market St.,
242 Montgomery St.
DEINHARD&CO.
Coblenz on the Rhine
Purveyors to H.M.THE EMPEROR OF GERMANY
SELECTED
Rhine and Moselle Wines
WM. WOLFF & Ca
216-218 Mission St., San Francisco, Cat,
Faclfio Coast Agents
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great §
fHUSEUM OF fiNATOHY^
S Q& 1Q51 Tn»TO? st. tat, earn, sjr.cii. k
\ CJr >e t- ar ¥«' Anatomical Museum in the \
Q r ift i - World. Weaknesses or any contracted O
7 SriSSS *««e positively enrnd Oy the oldest T
Q fSjSi s P eca!ist on the Coast Est. 36 years. Q
A flfljf I DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Q
\ y{$UCTj| Consultation free »ad strictly prirate. \
S B jC^Qt H T '»f" m e n ' personally or by letter. A 0
W A Wr n N Podtivt Cor* in every case undertaken. V
A P II II fit w r<te <° r Book. PULOdOraT of A
f I H 111 niKRIAtE, MAILED FXES. (Af
X n IL valuable book for mra) \
f DR. 3ORDAS * to., 1051 Market St. S. F. V
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief. of Pain and Irregular!-
" ties Peculiar to the Sex. ?
Aploline Capsules for threo months cost $1.
Druggist or P. O. Box 2081, Uew York.
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1381. Con-
sultation and private boolc
free at office or by mill
Cures guaranteed.
|g 731 MARKET ST.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAK
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated .
train.
It runs over the. ,
SANTA FE If
Frcm San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street.
YOUR HOLIDAY SHIRTS,
Collars and cuffs will be right If we do
them. "We do only first class laundry
•work, and we put a finish on linen that
good dressers appreciate. We do every-
thing right, Including the delivery on
time. We call for and deliver. .
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
WeeHy Can $1.00 rtar
34
PLEDGE VOTES
FOR EXCLUSION
Three Hundred and. Two
Members of Congress
So Decide.
Many Who Were Classed as
Doubtful Are Now in
Favor of the BilL
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— Since the Chinese
exclusion poll was published in The Call
last Thursday many replies have been re
ceived from members of Congress who
were then classed as doubtful. The re
sult to date shows that two-thirds of the
Senators and four-fifths of the Represen
tatives are pledged to vote for exclusion.
Senator Frye, who was considered doubt
ful, will vote for ih4 exclusion bilL So
will Senator Warren of Wyoming, who
was reported by a San Francisco paper to
be opposed to exclusion.
The unreliability of this paper's canvass
Is shown by the fact that Mondell of Wyo
ming was classed as doubtful, w&en as. a
matter of fact he Is one of the leading
spirits opposed to Chinese Immigration,
and has introduced a bill excluding the
Chinese.
Two hundred and eighty-eight Repre
sentatives have signified their Intention of
voting for exclusion out of a total mem
bership of S57, and lifty-four Senators out
of a total of eighty-eight (there are two
vacancies).
Senator Hawley writes: "You need have
no apprehension regarding the passage of
the exclusion bill."
Senator Stewart says: "There is no op
position so far as I can see."
The only outspoken opponent of exclu
sion is Henry C. Smith of Michigan. Oth
ers who were reported to be opposed have
now come out in favor of exclusion.
Fourteen Representatives, while not stat
ing positively how they will vote, predict
the passage of the exclusion bill. They
will all vote for exclusion, however. This
increases the grand total to 302.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Senator Per
kins to-day introduced a Chinese exclu
sion bill, the provisions of which are the
same as those of the measure . prepared
by Chinese Inspector Dunn of San
Francisco and Commissioner Powderly
and Introduced In the House by Repre
gentatlva Kahn.
COUGHESS WILL BE ASKED
TO ERECT MEJIOBIAL ARCH
Directors of the National Association
Determine to Change the Plan
of Operation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 9.— The Wil
• Ham McKinley National Arch Association
has determined to change its plan of
' operation, and to appeal to Congress in
stead of the public for the erection of the
proposed McKinley memorial la Wash
ington.
Secretary Gage offered the following
resolutions, which were seconded by
Thomas F. Walsh and adopted:
Whereap, Through a resolution presented to
this committee by the trustees of the McKin
ley Memorial Association, it is rumored that a
canvass of the country for subscriptions to the
proposed memorial arch in Washington will be
prejudicial if not destructive to the erection of
a proper monument or memorial over the re
mains of the late President at Canton; there
fore.
Resolved. That this committee give up its
appeal to the country for popular contributions
for the memorial arch in "Washington and turn
Its efforts. to secure from Congress an appro
priation from the public treasury sufficient in
amount to erect in Washington a memorial
which, in a fitting manner, shall represent the
nation's apprciation of the notable character
and distinguished public services of "William
McKinley.
The association will be relncorporated
and contributions received by the associ
ation for the proposed memorial arch will
be returned.
PKXTJMOKTA AUMOST WIPES
OUT AIT ENTIRE FAMILY
Mother, Son and Daughter Dead, An
other Daughter Dying, and
Father Also I1L
DENVER, Dec 8.— Four members ©f
one family in this city have been stricken
with pneumonia in the past week and
three of them are dead. The dead are:
Samuel Johnston, a young printer; his
mother Mrs. Elizabeth Johnston, and his
sister. Miss Mary Johnston.
i,^??m^ SIS^ r '^ M « ISS M^earet Johnston,
is said to be dying. The mother and
sisters overtaxed their strength In at
tendance upon the young man who was
first taken UL The husband^nl father
Henry Johnston. Is 111 at his ranch in the
mountains. All the members of the fam
troubles 3 . • B ' Were £UbjeCt t0 Plenary
Fight Against Railway Combine.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 9.-Now that
Governor Van Sant has heard from all
the Governor* of Northwestern States
on the question of the railway merger,
some are expecting him to call a confer
ence at once. It can be safely stated
that the Governor is not going to indulge
In any eide Issues or jaunts just at pres
ent. He has set the machinery going and
Trtthin the week Attorney General Doug
lass will have the railways in court
There is no occasion for the Governor to
move in other -directions until the legal
remedy Is exhausted. He will corre
spond further with the . Governors, but
vrlll not call any conference at present.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ ■ ■ --\
* I sleep well enough at night.
And the blamedest appetite
f ; Ever mortal man possessed. "
1 filler's farmer is the very picture of a
man advanced in years, yet in the enioy-
toent of perfect health. A good appe-
tite, good digestion and sound sleep, are
n the chief factors in
* f *£~^^m * vigorous old age.
j6&P&>2£ Uac is sustained
*afiv^5| by food, when it is
2sk«/ properly digested
*A£7?k a n d assimilated^
r When digestion
/I \3raS. ¥^ \ **"**> there is a loss
I \ I r f*3^ H \ °* nutr i^ on
/ ' fc$e&Jm ' i ? oon shoTVS itself
/ jgBPSflgB,/ in physical weak-
< ■ %J3BgJ5gX<l n*S8i nervousness,
V w&^^-y sleeplessness, etc.
J rj^gSffipffi Doctor Picrce's
n I G . olden Medical
l' jl Discovery cures
\ / A diseases of the
y l'/\ stomach and other
| / I organs of digestion
• I. M and nutrition. It
u . Ill I strengthens the
£ t I / *|i I i body in the only
r I It I way possible, — by
I ■'/ V I if enabling the as-
•$1/11/ simulation of the
5*1 ft £\ I / nutrition extracted
JjS I //Jci \\ from food. .
V7 \\ J» \ "I used ten bottles
'■*Z\ Z) ++ 1 of r>r. Pierce 1 * Golden
W\J5(|/ V^S&^ Medical Discovery
*^/5*v*".'/7^3i and several vials of
" ti» 'Pleasant PelleU'
a year ago this spring,
and have had no trouble with indigestion since,"
write* Mr. W. T. Thompson, of Townsend,
Eroad water Co., Montana. "Words fail to tell
hew thankful I am for the relief; as I had suf-
fered so taoch and it seemed that the doctors
could do me no good. I got down in weight to
135 pounds, and was not able to work at all.
Now I weigh nearly x6o and can do a day's work
on the fana. I have recommended your medi-
cine to several, and shall always have a good
word to say for Dr. Pierce and his medicines."
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
xoo8 pages, in paper covers, is sent free
on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R..V. Pierce. Buffalo. N. Y. .
ST. SEVER BEATS JOHN PETERS
IN A VERY EXCITING FINISH
Schorr Colt Supposed to Be the Choicest Morsel on the Card at
| -'Oakland-Track ! Is Still Slow and Four Choices Go Down.
Doublet Comes :in Ahead of the English Horse, Royal, Flush
0NL.Y on rare occasions does
Johnny Schorr let one out of the
slips that ; falls to return with
the coin, but the astute young
trainer from Memphis stubbed
his toe at Oakland yesterday. The two
year-old John Peters, was served .-.up pip
ing hot off the coals in the two-year-old
event, and after the youngster's odds had
been cut and slashed from 5 down to
even money he was beaten out a head by
Dr.Rcwell's St. Sever, a 5 to 1 chance.
Possibly if Evander, with Winnie O'Con
nor; up, had been out of the race John
Peters might have won. The latter raced
away in front with him for several
panels and certainly did the Schorr entry
no- favor. Then after getting away from
one or two squalls "Jess" Matthews . hur
ried along with St. Sever and in a very
busy finish with Johnny Woods earned
the decision. Owen Mounce made a very
wide detour with Dr. ScharfE or else the
last named unlucky two-year-old might
have been a stronger factor at the finish.
At any rate, the admirers of the winner
were enabled to get a very long quota
tion.
Track Is Still Heavy.
The track had not dried up as much as
expected, still being noticeably freckled
with damp and heavy patches. Perhaps
to this fact can be attributed in part the
defeat of four favorites. The attendance
was quite up to the standard, and there
was a raft of coin in the ring.
Another of Harry Stover's "birds" left
his perch in a. gilded cage long enough to
scoop the opening dash. Backed from 9
to 5 to 13 to 10 or worse. Native flapped
his wings a couple of times and flew in
five lengths before Torsina. Nearly all
of the books were hard hit.
From his apparent lack of speed
Galanthus had not recovered from his
hard race of last Saturday. Jimmy Coir
fey*s horse ruled a stanch choice over
Herculean for the mile and a sixteenth
run, and turned out easy prey for the
giant chestnut. Bullman rode the latter,
finishing first by four lengths at the wire,
Darlene ran a fair third.
Frank Bell Meets Defeat.
An elaborate array of speed faced the
starter in the five and a half furlong
purse affair, with Frank Bell the closing
favorite at 9 to 5. It was figured that
the general conditions best fitted the St.
Louis "Hindoo," but he failed to connect,
erjding up in third place. Mounce on
Doublet rode a nicely judged race so far
as choosing the better going was con
cerned, and in an exciting three-neck
scrimmage in front of the judges won out
from the Britisher, Royal Flush, by a
neck. Beau Ormonde started for the
first time this season, and, heaviily
played; disappointed his backers. Still,
the aristocratic fellow ran a most be
coming race, and had he had the benefit
of a race in him would have taken a
world of beating.
Possessing the most speed of the party,
Orleans captured the mile selling run. It
was possibly farther than the filly cares
to run, but getting careful treatment at
the hands of O'Neil she downed Plohn a
neck. Bangor sulked the first part, as
usual, dropping in third.
P. Corrigan won his first purse at the
meeting with Commonwealth Attorney in
the closing seven furlong jaunt. The geld
ing went to the post at odds of 5 to 1
and in a drive beat the good thing,
Malaise, half a length. Diomed would
have won had he not been cut off at the
start.
Track Notes.
George Rose and Frank Eckert, two of
the best known and most popular book
makers on the big tracks of this country,
arrived here from, the East Sunday night.
Frank Kckert viewed the sport from tlie^
ground yesterday, but Mr. Rose will. rest,
up for a day or so before cutting in.,
Tom Quinn, one of the. cleverest block
men in the business, was kept busy shak
ing hands with friends yesterday, being a
fresh arrival from the Bast. Tom is a
brother of Charley, John and Jim Quinn.
Jake Holtman flned Johnny Woods $25
for disobedience at th« post on John Pe
ters.
Tom Ryan was again on hand to bid
Dr. Dowell's St. Sever up. The gelding
was entered to be sold for' $600 and 'his
win ccst the doctor a J40Q boost.
President Williams cautioned the dif
ferent cashiers of books yesterday to be
careful and extend cordial treatment to
all bettors in the excercise of their duties.
There has been some complaint on this
score of late. . • •■
Jesse Matthews carried oft the honors
by riding two winners. • ,
Following are the entries for this aft
ernoon' s ' running- events : ■ • ■ ; -
First race — Futurity course; purse; maiden
two-year-olds :
2S1S Schwarzwald ..110 2938 Rosarle -..110
2932 King Herald... 107 2926 Meteoro .107
.... Bassezo 115 — Jim Roberts.... 118
.... Mont. Purees.. .115 2563 Discovery 118
2932 Wandering BoyllO 2932 The Maniac... 115
2932 Angeleno 110 2255 El Bano : . .115
Second race— Six furlong*; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
(293)FlUkanet 105i 2891 King Dellls 108
2607 Racetto 10l| 2271 Our Lizzie....;. 99
(2S93)Miss Mae Day. 99 1 2937 Floronso 106
CBICKETERS BECEIVE
BEWARDS OF SKILL
Bats Presented to Players Who Mads
Best Averages in. Batting and
Bowling.
At a meeting of the California Cricket
Association held last night the committee
on batting and bowling averages, consist-
Ing of H. C. Casidy, J. J. ' Moriarty and
A. G-. Sheath, reported that the best bat
ting average during : the season of 1901
was made by" Harold B. Richardson of
the Pacific Cricket. Club, and the best
bowling average was obtained by Bert
Bird of the Alameda Cricket Club. Dur
ing the season just past Harold B. Rich
ardson was eight times at bat, completed
six innings, and scored a total of 300 runs,
giving an average of 50 runs. His high
est score in a single inning was 103. - Bert
Bird took twenty-three .wickets for 150
runs, the average cost being 6.50. A. bat
was presented to Harold B. Richardson
and another to Bert Bird, the donor being
Captain John Metcalfe, first vice presi
dent i of the association. In- calculating
the averages all matches played, under
the auspices or with -the sanction of the
association were taken account of.
The pennant presented by Edward
Brcwn to the club making the best per
centage in pennant matches during the
season was awarded to the Alameda
Cricket Club, which played ten matches,
winning five, drawing two and losing
three, giving a percentage of .60.
The delegates were addressed by A. E.
Acklom, who stated' that cricket would
receive a great impetus if a suitable
ground and pavilion could be secured, and
suggested that a committee^, be appointed
to investigate the possibility of procuring
a ground and erecting > the necessary
building" thereon. • The president will ap
point a 'committee of live \ for •- this pur
pose. *'.".. ''• !* , •■ ' ,
J. J. Moriarty, one of the delegates of
the AJameda Cricket" Club,, being absent
in Southern California. Harold Ward was
accepted as^-a. delegate in his' stead.
Football Flayer Suspended.
Dave Atkinson, 'the Reliance "football
player wW disgraced himself by striking
Referee Jack Horan during the progress
of the Olympic-Reliance game on Thanks
giving day, has been suspended from the
club for a period of six months by the
Board of Directors, and the Pacific Ath
letic Association . has been requested to
also punish him. Atkinson mitigated his
offense by .sending a Jetter of apology to
Mr. Horan, 1 - ■
"Dutch" Thurston Wins on a. Foul.
CHICAGO, Dec. 9.— "Dutch" Thurston,
the Pacific Coast Welter-weight, won on
a foul from Charley., Burns of Cincinnati
to-night at the American Athletic Club.
The contest was scheduled for six
lounds, but after two minutes,' fighting
in the first round Burns hit his opponent
low and Thurston was given the decision.
The foul was apparently an accident, as
Burns had a decided advantage when
'.he fight was .stopped.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 1O V 1901
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Monday, Dec. 9.— Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
2950. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, $323.
■ ■ , ~- — ~ Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. %. Sti. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. "
.2937 Native, 4 ..112 7 7 In 14 15 W. H. Ketcheman. Jackson 8-3 13-10
2941 Torsina. a 107 5 6 1 3 1. S 4 3 1 Q. Summers &• Co.Buchnan 4 G
2S18 Fridolin, 3 102 4.4% 4 2 -4 4 31 G.W.Scott Winslette 5 i:
2S37 Clarando, 6 . 112 6 lh 2% 2 14 42 K.M. Borchert Ransom 20 , IS
2820 Vantine, 4 112 3 53 62 "62 5% G. W. Snider & Co.. Mounce 8-5 3
2943 Mission, 4 107 2 Jh 62.52 65. James Wilson.. ..Fauntleroy 10 15
2931 St. Anthony, 4 ,..,..109 1 32 7 .77 John Kane.; Prior 20 60
Time— %, :25; %, :50%; %, 1:17. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, W. H. Ketcheman's ch. g. by Iroquois-Nellie Grand. Native was flat-footed when bar
rier went up and away badly. . He ran over his field when he got to going. Buchanan
on Torsina made a very wide turn into stretch, losing a lot of ground. Vantine cut • off
near far turn. Mission was supposed to. have a chance. St. Anthony no speed.
2951. SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
I ' ~ I ~ i Bettinff.
Index.] Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op; Cl.
2929 St. Sever 105 5,6564 2% lh Dr. H. E. Rowell.Mathews 2 9-2
— John Peters ...106 .4 2% 1 VS"" 1 % 2 5 J. W. Schorr J. Woods 5-2 1
2945 Dr. Scharff..... ...... 110 141 32 31 3% J. W. O'Neall & Co. Mounce 2 5-2
2611 Snowberry 103 6 5 1 5'1 " 4 5 - 4 6 E. Kauffman & Co.. ..Hoar 6 13
2945 Nonie • 103 3 3 2 4 % B % " 5 M. Kane .....Ransch 4 . 7
2261 Legal Maxim 103 8 8 7672 C4 H. L. Jones & Co. Buchanan 10 .SO
Bragg .:...1O6 7 7% 8 8 7 1 Thomas Rowe Jackson 10 50
(292C) Evander.. 107 1 2 1^ 21 6 1. 8 W. B. Jennings & Co. O'Con 6 10
Time— %, :12%; V*, :24%: Vz. :51 J /4: %, 1:03. Good start. Won first three' driving. . Winner,- ;
Dr. H. E. Rowell's ch. g. by St Carlo-Sunlit. Evander went out with Peters and wor- ;
ried him the first part. On this particular occasion winner was Jbest, as he was cut ', of!
once. Dr. Scharff ridden wido. Snowberry ran a nice race. KoriV; quit.- Scratched— Rose -■"
of China 103, Phil Crimmins 106, Old England 107. >> ■ . ;'
2952. THIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; Belling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index.|Horse, Age, Wt. St. \i. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey.', Op. ci.
2931 Herculean. 4.. Ill 121 3515 14 G. Summers & Co.. Bullman 7-5 13-10
2948 Galanthus, 3 102 3 3 4 2 1 2 14 2 3 > J, Coffey...: J. Daly 1 1
(2935) Darlene, 3 S6 2 14 11 3 3 3n Dr. H. E. Rowell.L. Jacksn 4-' 8 ,
2882 Windward, 5 1CS 4 5 5 4 5 45 Hennessy & Co.. ..A. Kelly 20 100
2941 Bonnie Llssak. 3... 961 5 4 4 4 6 5 5 lEzell & Lazarus.. '. R. Ezelll -.8 25 .
Time— 1-16, :07; V*. :23%; 'i, :52; %, l:19Vi; mile, 1:40%; 1 l-16m, 1:54%. Good start. Won
galloping. Second and third driving-. •■ Winner, G. Summera &Co.'s ch. p. by Watercress-
Hannah. Herculean rolled in when ready. Galanthus lacked speed. Darlene did her best;
Bonnie Lissak weakly handled.
205:*. FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
Index. [Horse, Age. Wt. St. %. . %■ Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ■ Op/ "cf.
2839 Doublet 4 .112 llh 2 2 3^ In D. S. Fountain Mounce ij ~4
' S:i goyal Flush a.... 110 G 5 4 3 1 2 1 2n G.B.Morris O'Connor G-2 5
2946 Frank Bell, 5 112 3 34 42-43: 32 J..W. O'Neall & Co.. Woods 2 9-5
2498 Beau Ormonde, 3. .108 2 2h 11 1^43 W. O'B Macdonou&h .Bull 4 3
159S Pomplno, 5 107 4 42 5 10 55 5 10 S. Judge Ransom 10 69
.... May W, a 107 6 65 65 6 8 ; 6 15 D. Cameron Jackson 6' 15
2606 Novla, 6 109 7 7 20 7 30 ■ 7 39 7 30 J. G. Brown & Co. Bozeman 30 50
.... [Captivate, 3 103 8 8 8 8,8 P. Hildreth L. Daly 30 300
Time— 3-16,' :19; H. -:24; y,, :50; 5Vaf. 1:09. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, D
S. Fountains ch. g. by Domino-Lucy Wallace. Doublet ridden very wide but was a good
horse to-day: Flush ran a swell race. Frank Bell did his best. Beau Ormonde down near
the rail where the going was not so good. Pompino will win soon. May W away poorly
Scratched— Hilee 107, Abba L 102, Lou Clieveden 107, Sharp Bird 110.
2954. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
j Index. Horse, Age. Wt. St. U. U. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op" ln ci.
2901- Orleans, 3 ' 103 5 12 14 11 In J. Burrows O'Neil 2*11^5
: (2944) Plohn, 4 ...112 1 3 2 3 % 2 5 2 10 P. Ryan "...... i... O'Connor 9-5 13-5
2898 Bangor, 5 ..........115 2 5 5 4 10 3 1 Burns & Waterhouse.Spncr 5-2 5-2
2S92 Tony Lepping, 3. ..106 3 2h. 2 2 3 2. 4 12 Newman & Eagan Winslett 6 13
,2935 Hohenlohe, 6 115 4 43 44 5 5 Elmwood Farm.... Bullman 7-2 4
Time— U", :27%; >i. :33; «4. 1:18%; mile, l:43i,i. Good start. Won first three driving Winner
J. Burrows' br. f. by The Chevalier-Florine. Winner received a pretty ride Plohn hard
ridden through the stretch. Bangor only ran the last eighth. Hohenlohe broke down
Scratched — Wyoming 112. '
2955. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and up; value to first $325.
Index. | Horse and Weight. St. V*. Vi. Str. Fin. Owner and' Jockey. Op!" 1 ?!.-.
2860 Com. Attorney, 4.. 119 2 41 5 2 In 1 % P. Corrigan J. Matthews 5 is
1731 Malaise, 6 119 4 24 25 2*4 2h Musto & Ruiz.. J. McCarthy 5 18- r .
2944 Sidelong, 5 ...... ..119 5 51 61' 3% 31 W. McGuire Prior 15 411
2561 John Welch, 4 119 8 3 1,31.41 41 W. H. Lynch A Kelly 20 71
2944 Romany, 5 ...: 119 9 7 '/* 4>£ 6 2 5 2 Liberty Stable Jackson 10 20
. 2S35- Diomed, 4. "...;.;:.. ;:Tr?-i 8% 71. 74 65 J. G. Brown & Co..Mo£nce '3 s
2924 Favorito, 4. . >:...'.. 1W f 7 6h 91 8 2 72 Klinder & Burns ..Vlttatoe 4 4
2941 Mazo. 5 ..119 3 12 lh .%2 8 10 A. G. Blakeley... .Bozeman 6 *15
2321' Whaleback. 5 .....119 10 10 % 10 1- v? 6 9 10 - R. Carey..... ... Spencer 8 \\
.... Tom Tinker, 4 119 6 11 11 10 4 10 5 j. C. Nealon. ......Bullman 6 \\
2933 Go Out, 4.,.. ...... .122[11 9 1 8 2 11'. 11 J. Burrows Howell 8 15 '
Tlmer-%, :13%: U. r23; \i =50^; %. 1:18%:,%, 1:32^.' Good startT Won ITrst three drivlne -
Winner, P. Corrigan' s ch. g. by Andrlan-Justicia. Attorney best of a mediocre lot Ma
laise lost ground on stretch turn. John, Welch will do. DIOmed cut off at start- otherwise
ho would have scored. Favorito no chance. Mazo ran with blinkers and d'ld better
Scratched— McFlecknoe 119. B. F. Mason 119. ■ > . „ ' ■ ■ u UIa V ««.
Third race— Five and one-half furlongs; sell
ing; two-year-olds: • . ■
(!942)Slr Lewis 11S| 2C86 Flo Culver...... 115
....•Matin Bell 115 • 2806 Rosy Cross 115
2945 Landseer 115 2945 Com. Forster...ll8
Fourth race— Seven furlongs;, selling; three
year-olds and upward:
2947 Bedeck .'. 110|(2949>Wyomlngr 112
2948 Eonlc ...........107' 2948 John McGurk.. 107
Fifth race — One mile; .. selling; three-year
olds and upward: .
•2919 Redwald ....... 107 2933 Cane jo 107
2955 Go Out 110 2940 El Rey 98
2941 Alicia 107 2935 Whaleback 107
2919 Burdoc 107 2950 Torsina 107
2881 Free Lance 110 2897 Rasp 98
Sixth race— Six furlongs); selling; three-year
olds and upward;
2939 Nellie Forest;.. 99 289G Alfred C 110
2882 Princ's Titania 99 2943 Ben Ledi ..110
2440 King's Pal 104 2949 Flamero ;...104
• 2911 Mldnl't Chlmes.107 2834 Art 11 la 107
2911 Censor ......i..lO2 .... Kalos .107
2912 Hungarian 110 (2939)Bedner ....105
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Angeleno, Rosarle, Jim Roberts.
EILIiIARD PLAYER SLOSSON,
RECEIVES A BAD BEATING
George Sutton of Chicago Easily, De
feats Trim at . the International .
.Tournament.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.-The surprise of
the international billiard tournament
occurred to-day in the afternoon game
between George Sutton of 'Chicago and
George Slosson of New York. Slosson;
having won the bank, failed to score at
the start, and Sutton, by careful nursing
and open table play, rah up 39 points. He
followed this up by scores of 16, 22, 45,
20, 50 and 38, while Slosson was unable
to make any double figures. At the con
clusion of the seventh • inning the score
stood 230 to 35 in Sutton's favor. From
this point to the end of the game Slos
son had no -chance of- winning, although
he played desperately. Sutton won the
game in an unfinished run of 34 in the
twentv - ninth inning. Score — Sutton,
400; Slosson. 136. -. . ,
The game in the evening, which was
between' Schaffer of 'Chicago and Barutel
of France, was -a very swift one. Sch'af
fer, after his three days' rest, 'Was in fine
form, and his nursing" of the balls was
equal to any of his best previous per
formances. In open table play he showed
wonderful dexterity. , . : . •
Barutel, while, badly beaten, played a
first-class game. Schaeffer will play
Morningstar to-morrow afternoon and in
the evening he will meet his old adver
sary, Slosson. Score — SchaefTer,-400; Bar
utel, 203.
Western Jockey. Club Meeting.
CHICAGO, Dec. 9.— What promises to
be one of' the most interesting of the
"Western Jockey Club meetings is in ses
sion here to-day. The board of stewards
met at noon to elect officers and arrange
dates for. the next year,, but besides this
<a general adjustment of the troubles and
.rivalries among "outlawed" tracks will
take place. Local horsemen believe that
after to-day's meeting Western turf mat
ters will pass under the exclusive con
trol of this organization. It was an
nounced to-day that the ■ opposition
tracks, at the Fair Grounds and Delmar,
which heretofore have been a thorn in
the jockey club's -side, will become strong
allies. . . -
Storms in Great Britain.
LONDON, D§cr 9.— -There were .very Re
vere gales and snowstorms, accompanied
by- thunder and hail. . throughout Great
Britain ■ yesterday;" .Much . damage- is re>
ported as a resultl A" number of chim
neys were, blown , down and there ' have
been 'some fatalities. There are six inches
of snow In the- north of Scotland. ■ . ' ' ■
Be Sure and Attend.
A special to-morrow, 500 , all-wool 3 $18
men's suits for $4 15: 1000 men's stylish
hats for 85c. All will be disposed. of. I
say-so' and it will be done' at .the closing
sale • of the /Monarch Clothing Co., 915
.Market* st., opposite Mason. ■' Henry j A.
: Brook*y:-.. • -'■■' . '•
Second race— Miss Mae Day, Fltzkanet, Flor
onso.
Third race— Sir Lewis, Landseer, Commis
sioner Korster.
Fourth race-Eonlc, Wyoming, John Mc-
Gurk.
Fifth race-Torsina, El Rey, Redwald. *
Sixth race— Princess Titania, Hungarian.
Flamero.
Bacing Kesults at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 9.-Crescent City
summary: - > • ,
First race, six furlongs— Frank Kenny won,
\v. II. IMxon second, Handsqueeze third. Time,
Second race, selling, six furlongs — Tom Col
lins won, Little Jack Homer second, Sad Sam
third. Time, ."1:1816, \
Third race, eellinr, one mije and a sixteenth
—Banish won, Irving Mayer second, ■ Judge
Btedman third. Time, 1:53.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs— Elsie
Bramble won. Small Jack second, Maron third.
Time, 1:25.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Marcos won,
King Tatius second, Lingo third. Time, 1:33%.
Sixth race, one mile— Eugenia S. won. Major
Manslr sernnd nanrlv TT thir-A Tlmo i.jo '
HANDBALL TOURNAMENT
IS DRAWING TO A CLOSE
Interesting Games Are Played by
Contestants at the Olympic
- Club.
The semi-finals in two classes of the
handball tournament now. on at the
Olympic Club were played last night
and the struggle ,for championship has
narrowed down to four players.
In the third class Tim' Fitzpatrick
handily defeated Fritz Wegener in three
hard-fought games. Fitzpatrick's hands
bothered him, but he played pluckily and
won 'the rubber. He will now have to
play Charles Melrose-for first place.
In the second class George Janes gave
further proof of his prowess by defeat
ing Louis Levy in two straight games.
Janes will now play Monroe. Green for
first place. . > . :
Jack Gleason took Tom Curley's meas
ure in two straight games. In the first
rubber Gleason outplayed his man. lrr*
the final game Curley gave evidence of
old-time form and It was a battle "royal.
Gleason tired, but managed to capture
the set. - The scores of the three games
follow: .•• * ■
Fitzpatrick 21 20 I'l
Wegener ...; 9 21 6
Janes 21 21
I-evy 6 1
Gleason i; ;.' ........21 21
Curley 2 '"18
McKEE VER-P ALMER FIGHT
IS A DISGRACEFUL FIASCO
Both Pugilists Resort to Foul Tactics
and the Referee Stops the
'Battle.
NEWCASTLE ' ON' TYNE, Dec. ' 9.—
Charlie McKeever of Philadelphia and
Jack Palmer met here to-night in what
was to have been a 15- round bout ■ for a
purse of £350. McKeever weighed 148
and 'Palmer 166 pounds. Palmer fouled
repeatedly during the first round, Mc-
Keever clearly outclassing him. At the
beginning, of the second round the crowd
broke into the ring and a general fight
ensued. The referee, after declaring the
fight "no contest," made his escape.
LONDON, Dec. 9,— The sporting* papers
this morning describe last night's light
between McKeever and Palmer a dis
graceful fiasco. They say. that both
Palmer and McKeever continuously in
fringed the rules and ignored the warn
ings of the referee. They .indulged in
what Sporting Life calls a regular West
ern barroom scrap. Finally < the referee
stopped the. fight. : The police jumped on
the stage and threatened both the pugil
ists ■ with i arrest. , A scene of pandemo
nium followed. ■ ■- ■-'. ■
SANTA CRUZ. Dec. 9.— A representative of
the Great Northern Railroad ' has ■ been , here to
ascertain the . accommodations of . this port for
deep- sea vessels.". Ho says the. company ; Is
building steamers for - the Orient and desires
to have cities along, the coast aa ."feeders," to
which the steamers will be ran. . . ■-•v>;; •
CIGARMAKERS
SUFFER DEFEAT
Labor Leaders Refuse to
Boycott the Machine
;: - Made Goods.
Metal Trades Federation Or
ganizes and Elects
Officers.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 0.— The confer
ence'ot the American le nation of La
bor was in session omj iours to-day,
adjournment being tal... . ...i tomorrow
morning in order to ei-_i . .- the several
committees to consider u. large number
of resolutions still in their hands.
There was a lively discussion on the
floor over the question of boycotting ma
chine-made cigars.' It is the same ques
tion that the Cigar-makers' International
Union has brought up at previous conven
tions of the federation, and the union has
always been defeated in Its .light against
the introduction of machinery in the cigar
trade. <At the present time "not a ma
chine-made cigar In the United States, it
is said, bears the label of the Cigar-mak
ers' International Union. The matter
ciame up in the form of a resolution pre
sented by President Gompers, John C.
Durnell and Thomas F. Tracey of the
Cigar-maKers' bmon, and: was referred to
the committee on labels. It denounced a
certain company tor making cigars ; by
child labor and machine ana called upon
the federation to assist in unionizing the
various plants ot the company. The
committee reported the resolution back
with the recommendation that the word
"machinery" be stricken out and the res
olution adopted. The cigar-makers opened
their light. They insisted that the term
"machinery" should not be eliminated
and argued that cigars made by machin
ery are not as good as those made by
hand, and that the machine drives hand
cigar-makers out of business. The speak
ers in opposition to . the cigar-makers'
proposition argued that to oppose ma
chinery would be folly.
Machines are used In many lines of
trade and the union could not success
fully fight the law of progress.
The moving of the previous question
quickly ended the debate and the resolu
tion with the word "machinery" stricken
out was adopted as recommended.
The Metal Trades Federation, after a
series of meetings, finally organized to
day by electing officers. Another meet
ing will be held to-morrow to. dispose of
business still on hand. The following of
ficers were elected:
President, E. J. Lynch, New York, national
president of the Metal Pojishera; vice presi
dent, Robert Kerr. MoUne, III., national presi
dent of. the Blacksmiths; secretary-treasurer,
John .O'Leary, Worcester, Mass., president of
the Coremakers.
The executive committee will be com
posed of the above officers and all the
national presidents of other trades allied
with the Metal Federation. The person
nel of the company has not yet been
made up.
All of the trades in the Metal Federa
tion are affiliated with the American Fed
eration, and the object is to have an as
sociation that can deal directly with the
manufacturers, who are organized under
the name of the National Metal Trades
Association.
Fine Recdrd With Revolver.
STOCKTON, Dec. 9.— Henry Kroeckel,
inspector of rifle practice of. the Sixth
Regiment, National Guard of California,
who recently bxroke all rifle records at 50
yards on the Columbian target, surpassed
that performance yesterday, when he
scored 249 out of .a/ possible zjO at fifty
yeards, with a Colt's army 48-calIber re
volver, three-pound pull. The man-targei
was used and #11 the shots but one of the
fifty struck within a few Inches of'
the region of the'heart. There were forty
nine 5's and one 4. The first ten. shots
could have been covered by the hand,, so
close : were they together, and 80 per cent
of the shots could have been covered with
an ordinary hat. This score entitles
Kroeckel to compete In the State shoot at
Sacramento in January.
League of Patriots Is "Weakening.
PARIS, Dec. 9.— Paul Deroiilede, the
founder of the League of Patriots, an
nounces that his organ, Le Drapeau, will
from this time on cease . to be a dally
sheet and will return to its weekly form.
The change, which he admits is due to
want of support, does not indicate a very
flourishing condition of the League of
Patriots, of which Le Drapeau is the
mouthpiece. In fact, M. . Dero'ulede
says it has not yet been resolved whether
the Republican plebiscite group will take
part in the coming general elections as
a party. '■■ ■
Many Elections to Choose Mayors.
BOSTON, Dec. 9.— Eighteen Massachu
setts cities, Including Boston, hold elec
tions to-morrow, and all but one . -will
choose Mayors. There are spirited con
tests in nearly every city. In Boston
three candidates are pitted against May
or Hart. To-night the Democratic man
agers declare that General Patrick A.
Collins, the party candidate; will be
elected Mayor by .7000 plurality, while the
Republicans are confident of re-electing
Mayor Hart by about 3000.
,,WATCH OUR WINDOWS
For $3.50 Shoes
They Are the Best Manufactured
In the World/ From AH Leath-
ers and in All Styles.
WE HAVE THEM FOR
MEN an, WOMEN
Before you buy SLIPPERS for the holl-
'days see our stock. The styles will please
you and the prices are lower than the
lowest.
■"We -lead them v all in Children's Fool-
wear.
We give Green or Red Trading Stamps.
L1PPITT & FISHER,
945 MARKET ST.
REMEMBER THE NUMBER.
••■'■•'. OPEN EVERY EVENING.-
It Is a Shame for Any Case of Piles
to Be Cut.
Modern science has completely mastered the disezsz wi hout
surgery or delay. Do not allow yourself to be butchered until you
have investigated* Over one thousand cases permanently cured
without a single failure, 500 of whom live in the. city of San
Francisco. The names of 75 prominent business men sent as
reference.; Do not take my word for it, but find .out what they
l have to say. The worst 'cases wanted. Write to-day for further
particulars. Address Resident Physician, Box 2673, Call office,
GOUDIE ADMITS
FORGING CHECKS
Bookkeeper of Swindled
Liverpool Bank Aids
Prosecution.
Sufficient Evidence at Hand
to Convict the Men
Under Arrest.
LONDON, Dec. 9.— Thomas Peterson
Goudie, the former bookkeeper of the
Bank of Liverpool; Dick Burge. the Eng
lish pugilist, and F. T. Kelly, the book
maker, of Bradford, were arraigned at
the Bow-street Police Court to-day in
connection with the Liverpool Bank
frauds. Prosecuting counsel announced
that Goudie admitted he had forged
checks, but disputed the aggregate
amount. The statement of counsel was
mostly a reiteration of facts already
known The most interesting point was
the announcement made by counsel that
he would be able to prove that after
Kelly had "milked" Goudie to the ex
tent of £72,000 Burge got wind of the sit
uation and in conjunction with Laurie
Marks, the American bookmaker, who i3
said to have committed suicide by jump
ing overboard from a channel steamer,
and James Mances, a bookmaker well
known on the American tracks, decided
not to leave Goudie in the hands of
Kelly. The trio thereupon dispatched
Mances to interview Goudie, with the re
sult that they accumulated £91,000, of
which Burge received one-half, Mancea
one-third and Marks one-sixth.
FKENCH FINANCE MINISTER
BEPLIES TO HIS CRITICS
Says That the Present Legislature
Will Produce a Larger Surplus '
Than Ever Before.
PARIS, Dec. 9.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Minister of Finance,
M. Caillaux, replied to criticisms of the
budget proposals and to the pessimistic
predictions of the adversaries of the re
public. The Minister said the year 1901
will develop a net deficit of 59,000,000
francs, but when the preceding surpluses
are taken into consideration it will be
found that the present Legislature pro
duced a surplus of 275,000,000 francs, which
no Legislature had ever done before.
The Finance Minister also said a gen
eral crisis existed in consequence of the
South African war, which had an unfa
vorable influence on the French budget.
In this regard, however, France had suf
fered less than other countries.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. *
sea® os^omemeces ce»»»KK8s«c«3
I Beyond Question!
I" Hunter 1
|. Whiskey j
JOj ' is the most perfect whiskey <S
§ sold. It is made from the j*
o choicest of select grain and «
M undergoes thorough aging, o
g thus securing perfection of 3
Xf flavor and bouquet. ■«
&> : <3
v With the most fastidious buyers <#
KH it is ££
| THE FIRST SOUGHT |
I THE FIRST BOUGHT. 1 1
§,' CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO. «
W (Incorporated), <C£
<C$ 223-225 California St.. San Francisco, Cal. »
O Telephone Main 873. o
f^\ Rupture Cured. .
fS -M The celebrated California In- 1
uj^IH ventor, Dr. Pierce, discovered /
fcT^^raa if.«t the onl» romedy for Bnp-
■ \5 JZAsS tnre is Electricity, and in per-
1 fectlng his wonderful Electro-
&. Magnetic Truss and estab-
k^P« j1^>&$&S& licning its sale throughout
tX'H A#^k«aPsi ' the * orld ' he e avo t0 8Uf "
Mwv^?*wBb5c« f crew from ihisdangerons
malady the relief and se-
*^Vli^!5@ft2|f? enriry Tainly sought for
elsewhere. This renoxrned
"SvV*™ appliance is radically dif-
ferent from aU others and its ection on the
ruptured psrta Is quick and effective Cures
accomplished by its use arc numbered by the
thousand. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or send a 2-ccnt stamp for new *" Boollet No. 1."
A.ldrcs Magnetic Truss Co.. 1145 Broadway (near
26th St.), KewYorfc. or 206 Port St.. SnnFranclaco.
1 ; ;
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVTGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market Bt., S. F.— (Send for Clrculara.)
DR. HALL'S RElNVIGOfiATORfKlfB
Stops all losses in 21 hours. Five Ms^l&SHw
hundred reward for any case we |2U HJkv
cannot cure. This secret remedy . y gj
cures Emissions. Impotency, KQ RJ^q
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet, rrrl wKfti
Strictures. Drains, Lost Man- LLUJ IItI
hood and all other wasting ef- jEtI i?- \
fects of nelf-abufte or excesses. BsS3Hds2l
Sent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $3; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073'A
Market st.. S. F. Send for free book.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.^^JJ}^
jgllll CARTERS
Positively cured by thesa
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drov/siness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain m
the Side. TORPID LIVER. <m*r
Reptilate the Bowels. Purely Veeetatfie.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
Has a remarkable effect in strength-
ening the voice and maintaining its
tone. It is largely employed by clergy-
men, lawyers, teachers, singers and
actors.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
OCEAN TBAVEIh
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' JL Steamers leave BroadwaJV
M^ ' Wharf, San Francisco:
Kl&Se&i^ For Alaskan ports— 11 *- ra-»
|S$SP9L_ Dec 2. 7, 12, 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1,
KfTS)3e^ Charge to company's steain-
' tv\K?a V?.";* en at Seattle.
J^?3ijJft1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
SiSiEBE&SWit C > Port Townsend. S«»Vii
J F^WBB Tacoma. Everett and IT*
Whatcom (WashJ—U *-,7*£
Steamer State of Cal.. M On
For Los Angeles, colling at Santa Crua, .Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfora (san
Louis Obtspo). Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pfcd.o
and Newport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays. J
*Fot Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jow Jel
Calx* Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. Ith of each
! For further Information obtain the company**
i fC ThT'company reserves the right t<> cbmr*
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing ,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. St N. CO,
Only Steamship Xjlxao *» »■
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
point*, all rail or stenmshio and rail, a*
8T3AMER TIC2ET3 INCLUDE BEETHani ME AH. 1
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 14, 24, Jan. S, 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDKR ........:........
Sails Dec. 19, Z0. Jan. S. 13
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montg'y. g.F.
TOYO KEEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WXLX. LEAVE WHARJ 1 , CO li-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKOSG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tar
India, etc. No cargo received oa board oa
day of sailing 1 . t ■ ■
B.S. NIPPON MARTI
Wednesday, December U. 1901
E.S AMERICA MARU
Saturday. January 4, 190S
S. 3 HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30. 1905
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. lor
freight and passage apply at company's of flea.
4?1 Market utreet. corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE. \
nf T0RK. 80CTH AJIPTOn. L01U3Q*. PAXt\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York ■Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St Louis Dec. IS Zeeland Jan. <
Philadelphia r>ec. 2.-> St. Louis Jan. 1.7
St Paul Jan. 1 Philadelphia ....Jan. 22
RED STAR LINE;
N«w York and Antwenx
From New York "Wednesday at 12 noon.
Southwark Dec. 13 *Zeeland Jan. *;
•Vaderland Dec. 25 Friesland Xirt. r^k
Haverford Jan. 1 Southwark Jan. 23^
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, SO Montgomery st.
VVVm»a»mvt»V!! CISECIUNEtdTAHITI.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu... '.'. v .'
Saturday. Dec. 14, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu," Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 26, 10 a. nv
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Pan'! Passsnpr Otto, 843 Hirkat St., Par Ho. 7. PaaSc tt
PACIFIC STEAM NAV1GATIQH GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central'
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
TUCAPEL. Dec. 211 LO A -
AREQUIPA ...Jan. 4 1 PERU
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at.Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT
Cabin, |1C3: Steerage, flO: Meals Free.t-Jfr—
5. S. Leelsnaw eail* Monday, Vci. ff;
6. S. Argyll eai'a Thursday, Jan. Ss
H. 6. Leelanaw *>aiU Monday. Feb. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPAQITI3 GENE31L5 TRANSATHNTIW3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. '.-Z
Balling every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havra, (70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. {43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, S3 Broadway (Hudson building)*. New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
.Tickets sold by all Rallroac* Ticket Agent?.
EAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
Steamsn GEN. FRISBIS or H0NTICELL3
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun*
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
iVallejo 1 a. ra.. 12:30 noon, 8 pm. escape
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. "Fare 53
cents. Telephone Main 15CS. Landing and
•ifflce. pl«r 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
'WEEKLY. CUT
$1 pep Year*ORDINANCE MUST
BE REDRAFTED
City Attorney Discovers
Flaws in Utilities
Proposition.
Affect Plans to Acquire
"Water Supply and Street
Railroad.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
•was compelled to postpone consideration
of the declaratory ordinance regarding
the acquisition of public utilities in the
form of a municipal water supply and the
Ge* ; street railroad. This action was
neoWssitated by the receipt of the City At
torneys opinion, advising that the ordin
ances are insufficient and the preliminary
proceedings must be made in conformity
with the charter.
Lane advises that to make the bond is
eue on the proposition of water works
legal It Is necessary to secure estimates
of all of the several available sources of
•water supplies. The opinion says:
Charter Has Not Been Obeyed.
I bear to direct your attention to the lan-
CUMJS of the charter. The Supervisors . must
procure plans and estimates of the cost of ob
taining Irom ••all" of the several available
sources a sufficient supply of water. If thi«
has been done, then this declaration of the
bill is not subject to question, but If it has
not been done the mere declaration of the
board is not sufficient to save a 'bond Issue
based thereon. The statement by the board
that it has taken the preliminary steps will
not be regarded as conclusive evidence that
these eteps have been taken. The plans and
estimates of water works given by the City
Engineer constitute what is called by him a
"progress report"; they do not purport to be,
nor <5o I understand them to be, complete and
finaJ; they do not contain, Tor Instance, any
plan* for a flistributlrs system in this city.
although an estimate of cost for such distribu
ting system has been made. The charter does
not contemplate that your decision will be
t&ken upon an incomplete set of plans and
estimates, and . before any declaratory bill is
passed the plans and estimates required by
the charter should be received by the board.
The charter would seem to stiggest that sev
eral propositions respecting the acquisition of
one kind of utility might be submitted to the
elect rs. If not, -why require offers of sale
froTT existing utilities, ln order that the "elec
tcrs 1 '' shall have the benefit of acquiring the
eanie at the lowest possible cost thereof? My
construction of this provision would be that
the Supervisors were required to solicit and
consider offers of sale from existing utilities
ln order that the Supervisors themselves might
be able to judge whether to submit a proposi
tion for the construction of a new plant or
the purchase of the existing one, and also that
the people might compare the comparative
cost of the two propositions. This may be what
the charter means, but the expression of the
Idea Is not sufficiently clear to put It beyond
Question.
And at what stage in the proceedings is the
Board of Supervisors to call upon, existing util
ities for their offers to sell? The charter says
"before submitting propositions to the electors
for the acquisition by original construction or
condemnation." But whether such solicitation
and consideration cf offers to sell shall be made
before the declaratory bill is passed or after
floes not appear. If before the declaratory bill
:s passed, as has been done ln this case the
cSer to eell would be requested before there
was any official determination by the board
that It intended to acquire such utility.
Street Uailroad Proposition.
Lane also filed an opinion on the suffi
ciency of the ordinance declaring- that
public Interest demands the acquisition of
a street railroad. The opinion says:
Under the ordinance es passed to print no
definite proposition is declared for. The street
railroad, the acquisition and construction of
which is demanded by public interest, is not
«*anitely located. It is not sufficient, ln my
. LitrmenL to say that public Interest demands
railroad without giving it termini,
1 r^ute or character. I take it that the Super
visors wish to express their determination that
public interest demands that a certain street
railroad shall be constructed by the city, run
i ing over and upon certain streets, -with a cer
tain number of tracks thereon. This should ap
pear ln the bllL
Ean Francisco, Tuesday, 10 December, 1301.
I ilfii '^fy^ftvl*.
Oriental rugs
for Christmas gilts
Can you think of anything— ANYTHING— in the wide
range of gift suggestions that would be more acceptable than
p a genuine hand-made rug imported from the" sunrise lands of
h Persia, Turkey or India?
H What an enchanting: atmosphere of mysticism hovers around
l| these gorgeous floor coverings from the Far East! We of busy,
$ modern America can hardly realize that in one of these maRnifi-
H cent rugs is oft reflected the personal history of its patient
b maker — his sorrows, his joys, his hopes and his fears are woven
■ « j n to its curious designs and colors. Weeks, months, and some-
1 ■ times years of toil are represented in a single rug, and not only
R keen diplomacy but a tempting tender of coin is often necessary
p to induce the maker to part with such a piece. And how an
m Oriental rug does wear! Even the poorest will outlive more
Q than one generation of ownership. .»•
ti One of the most magnificent and comprehensive collections
{1 of Oriental rugs in the West is here, and this is probably the
U ONLY store on-the Pacific Coast where these imported woven
1 perns are priced on a modern business basis — a reasonable mar- .
• gin of profit added to the actual cost. For instance:
j \ Hamadan (camel's hair), 3 by 4 feet $6. so
} * A CarabaRli. 4 by 5 feet 12.00
1 \ Shervan Sediade. S feet 5 inches by 6 feet 1 inch 15.00
i A Cabistan Prayer Rug. 3 feet 6 inches by 5 feet 9 inches. 28.00
I A Kazak Antique. 4 feet by 7 feet . . /. 35.00
I An Iran Hall Rug (royal blue), 3 feet 2 inches by 15 feet 37.00
A Kilim. Antique. 5 feet 3 inches by 10 feet. 28.00 \
An Antique Silkv Afghan, 6 feet 7 inches by 10 feet 3 in. 63.00 : ,.J.
An Antique Sonmak (Kashmir). 7 ft. 4 in. by o ft. 5 in. 73.00
v A.n Antique Serabcnd, pink and silky, 8 ft. 6 in. by 16 ft. 8 in.464.00
• X Lahor Carpet. 1 1 feet by 14 feet 208.00 '.
\ Serape Carpet. 1 1 feet 2 inches by 17 feet 11 inches. : .323.00^
gj ; : ; O .
0 V .(Successors to California Furniture Co;)
1 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Gdldcn Gate Avenue, j
PANAMA STEAMSHIPS DEPART
HEAVILY LADEN WITH FREIGHT
Few Passengers Sail on the Vessels for the Isthmus— Barkentine
. LaHaina Makes a New Record for the Run From Shanghai to
Victoria, B. C.~ Another Overdue Spoken Off English Coast
THE SAN FRANCISCO BUILT BARKENTINE LAHAINA, WHICH HAS ESTABLISHED A NEW SAILING RECORD
BETWEEN SHANGHAI. CHINA. AND PUGET SOUND. » SHE IS OWNED BY HIND, ROLPH & CO. OF THIS
CITY AND IS A CRACKERJACK. . . ' ..
THE Pacific Mall Company's City
of Sydney sailed for Panama at
noon yesterday, and the Panama
Railroad Company's Argyll is to
sail at an early hour this morn-
Ing for the same port. Both vessels were
to have sailed in company, but the latter
was detained owing to the rush of freight
at the last minute.
The City of Sydney took away twelve
cabin passengers and a number of Chi
nese in the steerage in transit for .Mexi
can ports. She also carried 2900 tons of
cargo. The cabin passengers were:
For Mazatlan— Mrs. E. de Camberros.
Champerlco— Louis Hlrsch and family. Mrs.
Francisco O'Reilly.
San Jose da Guatemala — Mrs. Clara Gates.
Acajutla— Y. Blanco, C. Blanco and Miss
Edith Macintyre.
Panama— H. P. Bush and C. E. Benjamin.
The Argyll will sail loaded to the gun
wales and will carry the following named
passengers:
Sydney Berwick, Mrs. Payot, H. Jansen,
James Sussman, L. T. Toder, Otto Siefert,
Aug. Achard, Hector Van Driessche, John
Phillips, James Hennessy, Robert Hunter, A.
Montgomery. H. J. "Wright J. F. Seyfarett,
J. Gleeson, Allan- McLan. Walter B. Barber,
J. J. Doherty. H. R. Howtll, J. Richmond,
Joseph Denkert. "W. T. Robinson. E. Olsen.
Charles F. Bennett, J. H. Tallman, J. H.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,'; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1901.
Brln, Jerome Tallman, I* L». Baker, Jacob
Myers, George Myers, A. L. , C. Moore and
Patrick Boyle.
ESTABLISHES NEW RECOBD.
Hind, Rolph & Co.'s Barkentine La-
haina Makes Steamer Time.
The new barkentine Lahaina, built by
Boole & Son for Hind, Rolph & Co., has
Just completed a phenomenal run. She
went from here to the Sound .in record
time, and from Tacoma, lumber laden,
made a splendid run to China. She start
ed from Shanghai in ballast for Victoria,
B. C, and made the run in thirty-two
days. This Is the best run on record and
stamps the Lahaina as one of the finest
vessels of her class afloat. This is her
maiden voyage, and the owners are more
than satisiied with the showing, while the
builders are jubilant.
Where Is the MatteawanP.
The steam collier Matteawan left Nanal
mo, B. C, more than a week ago for San
Francisco and has not been heard from
since. She has more than 4000 tons of coal
aboard, and was surely ' caught in the
gales that raged off Flattery and the Co
lumbia River.- Mariners seem to think she
was driven offshore and that some portion
of her machinery has been disabled.
Whatever has happened to her the fact
still remains that she is several days
overdue and the underwriters are willing
to reinsure their risks.
A Disaster Beported.
The Merchants' Exchange received a
telegram from Aberdeen yesterday to the
effect that a four-masted steel vessel Is
ashore twelve miles north of the entrance
to Grays Harbor. Tugs have been sent
to her assistance.
The Prince Albert Is Safe.
The Norwegian bark Prince . Albert,
which left Vancouver, B.C., for Queens
borough, England, 211 days ago, has been
spoken off Deal. She was considered long
overdue and 30 per cent reinsurance was
paid on her. When the news of her speak,
mg -reached the Merchants' Exchange
yesterday she was wiped off the board
and is now considered as safe.
The Roanoke has not been condemned,
nor is she likely to be. In that event 6hc
will be considered to have arrived, and
those who gambled on her "not to arrive"
will lose their money. Should the vessel
be in condition to start on another voy
age, even if it were only to Hilo or an
island adjacent to Honolulu, where she
now lies, that run would be sufficient to
constitute an arrival, and ' the gamblers
on the other end would lose. As ijt is.
there is only $2500 up that the Roanoke
would be a total loss, so no one will be a
very great loser. . . • ■
The Ralph J. Long Overdue.
The schooner Ralph J. Long left Nome
last January in charge of Captain Green,
and the many friends of the jolly skipper
are wondering -what has become of him.
A few days ago he was spoken off the
Straits of Fuca, but since then all .trace
of him has been lost. It seems that the
Long and the Cordelia Heald have been
having about the same sort of an expe
rience. The former has been trying to
reach San Francisco, while • the ■ Heald
wants to reach the gold fields. . Sailors
say Captain Heald. and Captain (Green
would better change ships. ■ -
Christmas on the Nippon Maru.
Harry Allen, the genial steward of the
Nippon Maru,. has made all his arrange
ments for a- jolly Christmas on the vessel.
She will be half-way between Honolulu
and Yokohama on the 25th inst., and there
will be a Christmas tree and a fancy dress
ball. All the expenses of the entertain
ment will be borne by the Toyo Kisan
Kaisha. .-:■...
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The schooner W. H. Talbot will load lumber
at Blakeley for Shanghai, 40s, chartered prior
to arrival. . ,.■','■ ..-.'.' ■ :-,. \\
The barkentine Jane L. Stanford is chartered
to load lumber on Puget Sound ■ for Sydney,
S8s 9d. option of Melbourne. Adelaide or Port
Plrie, 46s 3d. chartered prior to arrival.
The barkentine T. P. Emigh is chartered
for lumber at Tacoma for Sydney, 40s; Mel
bourne or Adelaide, 47s 6d. f.
The bark Carrollton loads coal at Tacoma
for Honolulu; the bark C. D. Bryant and the
schooner' Aloha, .merchandise at this port for
Honolulu.
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Orontes was cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 40.2S4 ctls
wheat valued at $42,298 and 16, COO ft lumber as
dunnage valued at $2S0. ' .
Additional Cargo.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Bteamer.Chlle. which sailed Saturday for Val
paralsjrfand way ports, carried merchandise for
Mexico valued at $2709 and some small ship
ments to 'South America valued at $390. The
addition Included the following:
To Mexico— 142 .gals wine, 16 pkgs dry goods,
460 lbs bread. 13S6 lbs raisins. 20 kecs staples.
449 !bs dried fruit, 4 pkss wagon material, -12
pkgs ship chandlery, 141 tbs sago. 7 kegs nails,
40 pkgs shoes and dies, 5S5 lbs mlllstuffs, .23 cs
canned goods, 83 . pkgs tank' material, 14 pkgs
mlllwork, 12 pkgs groceries and provisions, 102
tbs EPices, 25 cs tar, S3 - sks potatoes, 20 , crs
onions, 45 pkgs fruit and vegetables.- . ,'
To South America — 10 cs salmon, 29 bdls
brooms. £10 tbs dried fruit. .155, lbs spices.
Departure of the , Panama Steamer.
,*. The steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday
for , Panama ; and ■■ way ■' ports with : a - general
cargo valued at $157,287, manifested and des
tined as follows: For Mexico, $6484; Central
America, $149,923; Panama, $975. The following
were the principal shipments:
To Mexico— 23,891 lbs cyanide of potassium,
20 pkgs fruit. 15 crs onions. 30 sks potatoes, 20
pkgs groceries and* provisions, 2 cs firearms,
1240 bdls snooks. 10 kegs nails.
To Central America— 7675 bbls flour, 19 pkgs
agricultural implements, 14 cs ammunition,
88,000 lbs bluestone, 4 cs brandy, 695 'Cs coal
oil. 125 bales cotton, 290 tons coal, 4 cs candles,
5 . head cattle, 4 cs canned good?. 331 pkgs dry
goods, 29 pkgs drugs, 1C9 bales cotton domestics,
95 pkgs fruit. 3S3 pkgs groceries and provisions,
231 pkgs hardware, 23 bales hay, 11 cs 50 gals
liquors, 3302 rbs> lard, 12 pkgs leather, 21.647
ft 199 pes lumber, 46 pkss machinery, 4235 lbs
mlllstufTs. 1S2 pkps nails, 61-icrs onions, 794 crs
potatoes. 38 pkes paints and oils, 432 lbs par
afllne. 78,700 lbs rice, 14 coils rope, 1524 lbs
raisins. 6303 railroad ties. 210 cs salmon, 474
lbs 2 pkgs soda, 10 bbls tar, 11 cs soap 14,672
lbs tallow, 23 kegs staples, 80 cs 3S03 gals wine,
151 cs 341 gals whisky, 7 ctls wheat. 13 pkgs
vehicles.
To Panama— 300 bbls flour.
Shipping Intelligence.
' :■-> ARRIVED.
„, „ • Monday, December 9.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 34 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Ruth, Anflndsen, SO noun from San
Stinr Alcatraz, Carlson, 40 hours from Port
Los An~eles. - .
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 3S hours from Santa
Barbara. . ■
Ship Levl G Burgess, Youngren, 19 days fm
Tacoma. . • ,
Ship Tlllie E Starbuck, Curtis. 16 days from
Honolulu. • • ■
Bktn City of PapeeU. Ipsen. 12 days from
.port ■ Cramble. -
Schr Ocean 'Spray, Sjageen, 30 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr Abble. Peterson, 16 days from Eureka.
Schr Coaullle. Andersen. 30 days from Co
quille River.
CLEARED.
• _ Monday, December 9.
Stmr Argyll. Gilboy, Panama; Panama R R
S S Line.
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama and
way ports; Pacific Mail 8 S Co.
Ship Georg* , Curtis, Calhoun, Honolulu*
Welch & Co.
Br shin Orontes, Bain, Queenstown; J J
Moore & Co. - . ■ • •
SAILED.
„ ,■ ■ Monday, December ».
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, .
Stmr Progreso, Harding, Seattle.
Stmr. Coquille River. Hansen, Fort Brags
Stmr Del Norte, Green, Crescent City.
Stmr Sequoia, "Winkel, Grays Harbor.
, Stmr Acme, Lundquist, .
Schr Glen, Nelson. ■;
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— December 9, 10 p m— Weather 1
fosrgy; wind northwest: velocity, 8 miles per
hour. ■ . •
MISCELLANEOUS. '
LONDON,- Dec 9-The Br stmr Sutherland
previously reported ashore at TsinKtan Bay
has been : floated. The .vessel's pumps keeta
the leak under control. v " eiJ
ABERDEEN,- Dec J>— A four-masted steel ves
sel is reported . ashore 12 miles north of en
trance of Grays Harbor; tugs have gone to the
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Bar bound Dec 9— Stmr Arcata
for San Francisco. ,. la>
he^ T D H e C B 6 END - ArrlVed Stm \ Iaqua -
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 8— Schr Alice, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed £ Dec 8— Ship Florence for
Honolulu. < •' • '
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 8— Bark Carrollton
from Honolulu.- -■ . ' *
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec »=.Bri«c
Tanner, from Honolulu; bark Agate, hence
Nov 13
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Dec 9— Schr
Ralph J Long, from Alaska. "-fachr
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 9— Ger shlD Tarpen
bek, from Hamburg; Ger bark Schiller, from
Santa Rosalia. . . ;
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec »— Fr bark Asle fm
Hobart: schr.J M Col man-, from San Pedro ■
SEATTLE-rSalled Dec 8— Stmr Chive for
Portland,' Or. . .' .
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Despatch
hence Dec fi. . - . . '
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 9— Br stmr Glenshlel
for-London; stmr Dlrigo, for Skagruay. Dec 8—
Stmr American, for San Francisco. .» ,
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Edith frm
San Francisco. • Dec 9— Stmr John S Klmball
from San Francisco.
BALLARD— Arrived Dec 8— Schr Stlmson fm
Redondo. " - ' . : . .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 8— Schr Columbia
from Ballard. ' . • '
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr W II
Krufjer, hence . Dec 7. - Off the bar Dec 9— Schr
Antelope, hence -Dec 6. - :■ , -
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Lakme hce
Dec 7; stmr Newsboy, hence Dec 7; 6tmr" Po
mona, hence Dec 8; stmr San Pedro, hence
Dae 8: stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro; stmr
Homer, hence Dec 8. . ' :
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr
Santa Rcua, from San Francisco; stmr Mlne
oln, from Nanaimo.
Sailed . Dec 9— Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Diego. ' .
PORTLAND— Arrived Dec 9— Shin Susanna,
from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed Dec ' 9— Ship Belan, for , Queenstown.
■-; -.:•.- FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 6— Br stmr Belgian
King, hence Sept 19.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 6— Br ship Kynance,
for San Francisco.
LONDON— Arrived . Dec 7— Ger stmr Anubls,
hence -Aur 23. • ' ■ - * .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 7— Br bark
Chlpperkyle, hence July 26. and proceeded to
Dublin: Ger bark H Hackfeld, from Oregon,
and ■ proceeded to ■ Hamburg. .
HONG KONG-Salled Dec 7-Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco. . • ■
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 6— Br etmr Gael
ic, hence Nov; 7.' -
DEAL— Passed Dec ' 9— Nor ship Prince Al
bert,' fiom 1 Chemalnus for Queensboro. . r'.-^v
CARDIFF— Arrived Dec 8-Br ship Lyder
horn, from Tacoma. ■
PERIM— Passed Dec 8— Br stmr Yanjr Tse,
from Tacoma forvUnited KlnarcTom. *-> , • ■'■_: <•■.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed: Dec 7— Br almr Brae
mar, for Seattle.: - " - • v , .
VICTORIA— Arrived Dae 9— Bktn Lahaina, 32
days ■ from : Shanghai. '
'OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 9-^-Stmr Maasdam,"
from Rotterdam. ' . \ J
\ GLASGOW— Sailed • Dec 9— Stmr Laurent Ian,
for New York. • . '• ? »pffi*WMQ l 'iill.'^ < apgBa.i
BREMEN— Sailed Dec 9— Stmr 7 Barbarossa,
for New. York.' . ■ ■ • ■ -■ ' -■
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Glen
■ lochln, > from San Francisco, • via 'Coronel/ Mon
tevideo, . etcBHBwWMBBEBBMttBMBPHBBfc
PLANS PUBLIC
IMPROVEMENTS
Board of Supervisors
Passes Declaratory
Ordinances.
Mechanics' Pavilion Site Fa
vored for Carnegie;
; Library.
;The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print for fourteen days revised
declaratory ordinances as" a -preparatory
proceeding to the submission to the popu
lar vote of proposith5hs to issue bonds for
the acquisition, construction and comple
tion-of. .municipal improvements. The
ordinances cover the following improve
ments, which were recommended by the
Joint committee on Judiciary and Public
Utilities: • : . ' ,
Ne w • sewer system ....... $5,600*000
Construction of ttventy
-. one new school nouses,
additions' to Mix school
houses now in exist-.
. ence and/the acquisl
- tion of seven suhool ■ . .
sites,: total estimated
coot . 2,055,000
Mew City • and County
Hospital 500,000
Children's playground in
block bounded by Har
riet, lirjunt, Seventh'
and Harrison streets... 361,580
Mission Tark In blocks
bounded by ISiK'hteenth,
Twentieth, Church and
Dolores streets 270,000
Addition to Lafayette ;
Park . . 200,000
Park' and Presidio exten- ■-.'-?
sion by purchase of
outside laud blocks.... 268,000
Carnegie Library Kite. . . . 060,000
Telegraph Hill Improve
. ment 554,020
Total $lO,458,G00
Brandenstein opposed the selection of
the Mechanics' Pavilion site for the Car
negie library, and argued in favor of the
Fair estate site on California street, be
cause $400,000 could be saved by purchas
ing the last named site. He moved to
substitute the Fair, estate, as it offered
more advantages from an architectural
point of view. Wilson held that the Fair
site is inaccessible as compared with the
pavilion location, but Brandenstein held
that the car lines gave exceptional trans
fer facilities and the branch libraries
would answer their own purposes. Bran
densteln's motion to substitute the Fair
site was lost and the selection of the
Mechanics' Pavilion site prevailed.
The St. Mary's Square and Twin Peaks
improvement propositions were referred
back to the Public Utilities Committee.
The Board of Works submitted .an ap
praisement of the lands proposed to be
acquired for St. Mary's Square, bounded
by California, Dupont, Pine and Qulncy
streets, at $90,000. and the tract bounded
by California, Qulncy, Pine and St.
Mary's streets, at 5123,000, a total of
$215,000.
A resolution was adopted providing: that
the proposition to acquire five additional
sites for fire houses, to construct thirteen
buildings, and to make alterations to
buildings, at an estimated cost of $330,000,
be not submitted to the electors at the
proposed bond election. Similar action was
taken on the bill to issue bonds for $1,
000.000, to repave accepted streets.
Steamer Movements.
.•'-", '-:
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. - . From. I Due.
Mundalay...... Coquille River '....IDec. 10
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 10
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 10
Alliance...;.... Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 10
Bristol Oyster Harbor Dec. 10
Peru..... China & Japan ii>e*. nt
Pomona Humboldt |Dec. II
Columbia...... Portland & Astoria ....|L*«c. 11
Alameda Honolulu ........!I>ec. 11
■American...... Seattle [Dec. 11
Santa Asa Seattle & Tacoma .' |Dec. 11
San Pedro Humboldt |Dec. VI
Santa Kosa — San Dlcgo & Way Pts.jDcc. 12
Corona......... Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 12
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 12
•Newburg Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Wall* Walla.. Puset Round Ports Dec. IS
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 13
Ediths... Seattle Dec 14
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 13
San Juan Panama &' Way l'orts. Dec. lj
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama Dec. 16
Sonoma... Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. IS
i3. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria .... Dec. lti
J. S.- Klmball.. Seattle & Tacoma Dec 1«
North Fork.... Humboldt Dec 17
Coptic.......... China and Japan Dec 17
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec. 17
Umatilla. .-...;• Puget Sound Ports Dec. 18
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma ....|Dec. 13
■.■'■'■ TO SAIL. '
-Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
" • • December 10.
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 5 pm Pier IS
Sequoia;. Grays Harbor ...-. 5 pm Pier 2
O. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier U
•Argyll n. y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 27
liurcka ltumboldr 9 mu f ier J
December 11.
Empire.....!: Cooa'Bay ........... 10 am Pier 13
North Fork.. Humboldt Sampler 2
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
.Klval.. Wlllapa Harbor ... S pmlPler -j
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m|Pier 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way » am i*ler 11
Nippon Maru China & Japan 1 pm PUSS
-•• December 12.
City Puebla:. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
,.-... e December 13.
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 6 pm Pier 2
Pomona...... Humboldt 1.-30 p Pier 9
. . • •• December 14. | | •
Corona..-...'.! Newport & \Vay...j 9 amiPier 11
Point Arena.. Point Arena..; I Z pm Pier i
Columbia.;... Astoria & Portlandlil nmlPier 24
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma. .|10 am|Plcr 2
Alameda..... Honolulu 1 \,a\ rUr /
.;.,. ■ '. :, ,-• December 15, ■
San Pedro. I. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am | Pier 11
. December 17. j
Newburg..'... Grays Harbor 5 pm|PIer 2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 amlPier 9
-■■■■■ ■•■■■; December 18. |
Acapulco Panama & Way Pts 12 j m|PMSS
• " ".' December 1O. |
G. W.' Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru ..;.. China & Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
..,'•.- . v ■ . December 121. .
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Leelanaw.... N. Y.. via Panama 2 pm Pier 27
Tucapel...... Valparaiso & Way 12 m Pier 10
.,.-... FROM SEATTLE. .
..Steamer.'. ■ From. • | Due.
Bertha'.......:.. Values & Kodiak........:Dec. IV
Dolphin..'. Skaguay & Way .i'orts.jDec.'12
Kn Thompson. Cooks inlet & Way Pt* Dec. la
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 16
City of Seattle. Skaguay &.Way Ports. Dec. 18
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 21
Kxcelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Survey—
. Times and Heights of High and Low
AVgtrra at Fort Point, entrance to San
. •• Francisco Bay. Published by official au
,- ihorlty of the Superintendent.
• TJOTE— The high and .low water* occur at
the' city - front (Mission-street wharf) ; about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both place*.
. ,'■ '; ; .TUESDAY. DECEMBER 10.
Sun .'-rises .........7:14
Sun! sets ..:..'........ 4:51
Moon rises (new) 6:35 a. m.
Tlma . . Time Timo Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
; yyr -,.-..■.■ h w l w hw
10 .-.; 4:06 :3.6 10:19 6.8 6:19—0.4
: :.:•-. H -W '-' It W H W U W
11;. . ,0:38 " 4.4 4:41 -3.2 10:49 6.8 5:52—0.5
12'... 1:16 >4.6 5:20 3.2 11:21 6.7 6:30-0.5
13... ;1:54 4.6 6:05 3.2 12:00 6.6 '.:05— 0.4
14... 2:31 4.8 ,6:53 3.2 12:41 5.3 7:42—0.2
15 .V. -»:06 4.9 7:49 3.2 1:31 5.0 8:^ 0.1
16 '... 3:41 5.0 8:51 .2.8 2:31 4.7 t:06 0.5
• NOTE— ln the abovo exposition of ths tldei
the early ; morning tides are given ln the left
band - column - and ■ the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; 'the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day," except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. 1 The heights given are In
addition to tho soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey, charts, except when a minus (— )
ften precedes the height, and then the number
riven Is subtracted from tho depth given by Van
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lover tow waters. /$!$si£i£ss3&8EiP&8Si
Time Ball.
Branch .* Rydrographla • Office, U. ; 8." N., Mer
>.; chants' Exchange, San Francisco., Cat.,
■'••' December ■ 9,: 1901. ,-'•
- '. The . Time . Ball on < the • tower '■ of the : Ferry
building ' wax ; dropped .; exactly at < noon . to-day.
I.' e., at noon of the ,120th meridian, or at I
p. in., Greenwich' mean time.' ■•■'■•■ / .
.'. -■; • W.-H.STANDI-KT. -
■' . •;, , Lieutenant. U." 8. Navy, la Charge. ■■;
r ._:' ADVERTISEMENTS.
©Q0eC©©00»090<J©00000©000e000000600030Q000000O
I Dry Goods Company. 1
I TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS! |
g /:■: : \- _^^_^^ • 8
I Novelty Dress Patterns {
8 (Suitable for Holiday Gift's). 8
| SALE COMMENCES MONDAY AT 9 A. M. 8
| Novelty Press Patterns Novelty Dress Patterns 1
• in various styles, always that were ; formerly sold at 8
8 sold at from $12.01 to from $22.50 to $35.00, will 8
1 $20.00, are now marked to be marked down to clear •
£ close 'out immediately to out at once to ©
I $5.00 $7.50 I
2 .. .. ; SHORT LENGTHS. J
© Our entire. accumulation of Plain and Fancy Colored Dress Fabrics, ©
5 in pieces from.iji to 5 yards (suitable for waists and skirts) have been 8
9 marked at prices so low that they will be forced out immediately. 9
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
9 :"■■■:-■. 9
© . ■ £E. Corner Geary and Stoctton Streets, Unhn Square. 9
909000e®&099&Q0&0Q99999Q9WG9960G9Q9W9G999
STOPS LOBOS
CREEK PUMPS
Spring Valley Allays
Uneasiness of Its
Customers.
Asks Supervisors to Select
Experts Who Are Non-
Residents.
The resolution condemning the water of
Lobos Creek ' as unsuitable for drinking
purposes and- ordering the Spring Valley
Water Company to forthwith discontinue
supplying the water to consumers was de
ferred one week by the Board of Super
visors yesterday.,
The resolution recites that the water
of Lobos Creek contains, according to the
written reports .and oral testimony of
competent experts, unmistakable evidence
of sewage contamination, thus proving
that an epidemic of such diseases as
typhoid fever may be produced by the use
of the water if said diseases should ap
pear»ln the habitations In the watershed
of the creek. Also that in the watershed
there are numerous habitations, hospitals
and cemeteries, thus rendering the danger
much ereater.
Chiet Engineer Schussler in a communi
cation notified the board that the com
pany on Sunday stopped the pumps at
Ixtbos Creek so as'to allay any anxiety of
the citizens living in the districts partly
supplied therefrom. The communication
says: .
SAN FRANCISCO. December 9, 1901.
To the Honorable Board or Supervisors of
the city and county of San Francisco-Gen
tlemen: Although the chemical, as well as
the bacteriological examinations of Lobos
Creek water made by Professor Hllgard and
Dr. Mouser, respectively, show the quality of
the water to be ' good and potable, and
although • .we note ■ that the health report of
November shows a marked decrease in the
number of typhoid cases ln the city from the
preceding month (viz.. five cases in November
against eight in October), we yesterday
stopped the pumps (which had been started
November 1st), so as to allay any anxiety of
the citizens living in the districts partly sup
plied therefrom. We propose to build a high,
close, wire fence along the top of the south
bank, so as - to keep off trespassers, and aa
the center of the creek • is the boundary be
tween our property and the Presidio, we shall
request the commanding officer in charge to
allow us to build - a similar fence along the
top of the north bank of the creek, so as to
absolutely prevent the soldiers, during target
practice and at other times, from committing
any nuisance In the neighborhood of the creek.
The creek, although representing only
about '8 per -cent of our average dally con
sumption, is such a valuable addition to our
works, owing to the' good quality of the wa
ter and the constancy of its flow, that we
want to do everything ln our power to protect
It. We are also- satisfied that If the creek
were the property of the municipality the city
would undoubtedly do everything In Its power
to protect and utilize it.
There being a . variance between the reports
of the city's experts and ours, and both aides
claiming to be in the right, we take the lib
erty of sugRegtinjc. that . the chairman of the
Hospital and .Health Committee and the
thief engineer of the Spring Valley Water
Works jointly > agree upon a chemist and a
bacteriologist, '. both being non-residents of San
Francisco, to carefully investigate the quality
of the water <and. report. . «
Hoping that the - above proposition meets
your approval, we most respectfully ask that
e . . -. "■-■.."■■'.. :■>.■■■• "'■■'"«
© Is Your Back Weak? Have You Dragging Pains? •
o #^% Are You Easily Tired? ©
• lli---^^i^«l/---^---^ Have You Varicocele? 5
a s^ < ~~^*&£) M 1 -* P^^T v. HAVE YOU LOST THE FIRE A
«* r'_'*^~^* \"^ A Ki:S ®'*^, and strength of youth? Have you )Si
9. t -^-* 7 ,"Nr c 5*^S>'' l S^ r *--" >> --SE^fc \ "come and go" pains in your back Jr
O -JL : * *~ . ) » n d shoulders? Are you growing J*
9 ' '^'^ Se j§8t ' jsS&tiS*^*^^ I' y° u have these symptoms or 9
© '■» -^s?Sk^ an i' other sl Sn of breaking down ©
A i=t --^ISaiSEv' of your nerves and vitality you will ©
gh ' ' flnd new llre ln Electricity as ap- a
fit «[Ssi«SSi5^ Plied while you sleep. q
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S I
| ELECTRIC BELT 1
a Wi&Pl' is made for you. It is the best way Q
ek ipSskif /"VD "" rfeJSiiK t0 use Electricity. It pours a gen- q
*5» TJfflSSh '»sP\< OfS^Sj®' tie stream of life into the weak a
a ' '1j¥- '■W>mir parts continually for hours every ft
• night. It refreshes the nerves, ex- *J^
• : ■ . „ "^ pands the vital powers, enriches 2
© the circulation and makes youfeel bright, active and vigorous in one night's •
A, use.' You. get stronger each day, and" in a few weeks you are a new man. 9
; |'> stronger and younger in the nre of youth. It is grand, this method of mine. ©
q and every. man who has ever used it is praising it.- \ 9
9 TRY IT NOW. g
a Don't delay trying it. Your future happiness depends on your, checking ©
Z - this drain upon your vitality, so stop it now and you can be sure of a long £)
© w and. vigorous life, full of the joys of a healthy vigor. . ■ . a
■ Don't- drug.;. Drugs can't cure you, as you know if you have tried them. 2J
• "My Belt cures because it increases your nerve power and vitality. If you . J*
9 will call I will give you a free test of what I, can do. If you can't call send W
\-9 -. for my. beautiful illustrated book, telling about my method. I send it sealed W
0 free. . I have 50,000 cures. Call or. write to-day. Send this ad. ©
1 Hm M r MaI *T,/(l»lm 702 MARKET ST. 2
I Dr. in. v. McLavgnlm, -^iM**-, sanfrancisco. 8
9 ■* * . Office hours: 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays 10 to L
©«0©OeOO©«OOOOC©000©03CeOOOOOOO©©000©09000COO
BOARD RAISES
BOXING LICENSE
Professional Clubs Must
Pay $3000 Each
Yearly.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an amended ordinance in
creasing the license on athletic clubs giv
ing professional boxing exhibitions from
$1200 to $3000 per annum. The original or
dinance, fixing the license at $5000 per an
num for each incorporated club, as rec
ommended by the joint Committee on
Judiciary and Police, was defeated.
D'Ancona stated that he did not favor
fixing such a high license solely with a
view to raising revenue for the city. Reed
said that the receipts of the clubs were
high enough to warrant them paying the
higner license. Heed objected to Easter a
rignt promoters coining to this city to
"gull the public," and said the higher
figure would drive out irresponsible peo
ple and put the sport "on the square."
He said the ordinance was fashioned
after the Horton law of New York.
Braunhart expressed surprise that Reed
had month after month recommended ua
a member of the Police Committee that
permits be granted to the very fight pro
moters whom he now denounced. Connor
moved to amend, tixlng the license ,\t
$3000. Curtis seconded Connor, but only
on the understanding that the board di'i
not bind itself to grant permits for as
many tights as they might apply for. The
amendment was lost by a vote of 5 to *,
but on motion to reconsider by Reed tho
measure was passed to print by ten votes
in its favor.
W-Dter Excursion to Mexican Ports
Low excursion rates to Mexican ports
will be offered by the Pacific Coa3t
Steamship Co. on the steamer Curacao,
sailing January 7. As the rainy season
is now over on the Mexican coast, excur
sionists will find this a delightful winter
trip. Time occupied will be about three
weeks.
action on the" resolution prepared by the Hos
pital and Health Committee be postponed
until the joint examination proposed above
can be had. Respectfully yours,
SPRING VALLEY WATER WORKS.
H. SCHUSSLER. Chief Engineer.
D'Ancona opposed the request of Chief
Engineer Schussler and argued that the
creek and its watershed should be con
demned, but agreed to a postponement for
one week. D'Ancona held that any ex
aminations to prove that the water is purs
must extend over a period of at least one
year. The resolution was re-referred to
the Health Committee, which will confer
with Chief Engineer Schussler on the sub
ject.
A resolution waa adopted directing all
corporations supplying water to the in
habitants of this city to file ln January
detailed statements, to be used in fixing
water rates for the ensuing year.
Held for Robbery.
Jackson Williams, a colored man. was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Cabaniss yesterday on a charge
of robbery in J20C0 bonds. He is accused
of robbing Harry Carlson, a sailor, living
at 414 Folsom street, early Saturday
morning in front of a restaurant at Val
lejo and Davis streets. ;
56
TUESDAY DECEMBER 10, 1901
* JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
LUitn All CesmtalciUou to W. 8. LEAKS, Kmjw.
MANAGER'S OFFICE........ Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Presi 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 StcTcnaon St.
Telephone Press 202.
De 11 -re red by Carriers, IS Cents 'Per 'Week.
Slnsrle Copies. B Cents.
Terms by Mall, Including: Postage t
DAILY CALL (including; Sunday), om year H.M
DAILY CALL (Including; Sunday). C months 8.09
DAILY CALL t>TTlT"M"f Eunday). t moatha.. ............. 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month.................... CSo
6CJTDAT CALX* On*. Tev. „..„.»,...„„„....... 1.60
WEEKLY CA TjT \ Oas Tear.... ..... ........................... 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to reeelre
. - subscriptions.
Buxyptm copies wm be forwarded when requested.
Xfcfl ssbsofbers la ordering- chang* of address should be
ftrt^Ttr to gm both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to ta*ui» * prompt and correct compliance with their request.
DAELAKD OFFICES. ............ .1118 Broadway
C GEORGE K1ROGJTESS.
ZtBigtr rmigi AdrtrtUlug, XirfaitU Building, CMetgs.
'" ' (boar Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
KEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
CLC.CAELTOX........ Hernld 8«nare
'.Ij KUW TORK BEPBTTSENTATIVB:
BTEPHEIf B. SMITH.., 80 Tribune Building
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breataoo. *X Union Square:
Msrrmr. HXU Hotel. '
• CHICAGO KTEVT8 STANDS:
Eberm&n Boue; P. O. Newi Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
ttaUMBit House! AsAItorlnm Hotel.
RVASHIKGTOTr CD. C.) OFFICE]. . . .14O6 G St.. W. W.
MORTON E. CBANE, Correspondent.
QBA5CH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
OTtfl I:SO o'clock. S06 Hayes, open nnUl 8:!0 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open tmtil 8:23 o'clock. OS Larkla. open until
I M o'clock. UU Mleflon. open ontll 10 o'clock. Z2C1 Market.
■enter Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
■ tasXU 9 o'clock. SM Eleventh, open untU t o'clock. NW.
eorner Twenty-second and Kenrnclrr, opea until I o'clock.
EDO ruimor*, open tmtil I p. m.
AJSJTSEJKESTB.
Orrbeura— Vaudeville,
Qrena Opera-house— * A. "Wlftfi Peril."
California— "The Cowboy and the Lady."
OlvoU-^In Town," , .- 1
Central— "The Electrician.**
Alcazaiw**Cljristopher Jr.**
Colombia— "A Boyal Rogue."
Chutes, Zoo end Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Mtninc
Fischer'B— Vaudeville.
Central Park— Vaaco Ball Game.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day. •
IS THE COMBINE A SCHEME?
THE rumor persistently recurs in financial circles
in New York that the railroad combine is in
tended by its manipulators to lead to Govern
ment ownership of all the railways in the country.
It is pointed out that the leaders in the movement
are not without political influence and have the power
to control a considerable section of the press. The
process is declared to be simple. Let the Govern;
ment acquire the stocks of the lines at an appraised
valuation by direct purchase, and then guarantee the
interest on the bonded debt and it is done; the roads
pass to public ownership and administration.
A glance at the operations of the roads will il-,
luminate the rumored plan. In 1898 the gross earn
ings per mile of road in this country were $6771, and
the net earnings o\-er operating expenses were $2111
per mile. Nearly 18 per cent of the gross earnings
went for bond interest, and 2 l A per cent for taxes.
In that year the net resources of the roads from all
sources were $389,666,574. The present capitalization
of all American roads is about thirteen billions of
dollars; the total national wealth is put at 102 billions
of dollars. If the Government take over the entire
tystem by an issue of thirteen billions of dollars in
bonds at 3 per cent, the annual interest charge will
be $390,000,000. It will be seen that when the waste
of public ownership and administration is applied to
the operation of the roads, there is a prospect of an
annual deficit in ad<* : *ion to this annual interest
charge, which must out of the taxpayers.
That the owne of the roads would make a good
bargain on these conditions needs no further expo
sition. Their investment would be perfectly secure
under the guarantee of the Government, and the peo
ple would have the satisfaction of Government owner
ship, and paying for it As that experiment in Eu
rope has shown an invariable increase of 20 per cent
in cost of operation over the cost of private owner
ship, and at rates of transportation from three to five
times higher than here, it will be seen that such in
crease will add yearly $186,400,000 to the cost of
operation.
But the present owners, with their bonds in their
pockets, will b.e free from care. There will be no
more bankrupt roads, with bonded debts to be scaled
and bondholders to be ruined.
Between 1876 and 1899, 842 different railways were
foreclosed in court. Their total mileage was 106,510
miles, and their stocks and bonds amounted to six
and a half billions. Foreclosure wiped out 36 per
cent of the bonds and 37 per cent of the stocks.
There will be other hard times and more foreclos
ures, if the Government do not take over their prop
erties, and none are more interested in running to
cover than the enormous investors who will be ex
posed to the destruction of a slump.
Therefore, it is not improbable that the rumor has
justification, and that the fanatics who see in Gov
ernment ownership a panacea are their tools and
certain newspapers their paid allies.
Now that the American people have taken to rais
ing money for the relief of the women and children
in the British concentration camps in South Africa
it will net be long before they will begin to urge the
Government to interfere on behalf of the Boers.
When the American begins to put his money up fdr
a cause he is getting ready to talk business.
According to the census reports of the salt in
dustry there was produced in 1899 in this country
75,939.095 bushels of salt, and as that is considerably
in excess of one bushel per capita for the population
it will be seen that as a people we can hardly be ac
cused of keeping ourselves too fresh.
As might have been expected the longest biography
in the new Congressional directory is that of Chaun
cey Depew. It contains a list of his most famous
orations, but as it says nothing of his approaching
marriage there will probably be a sequel. •
If Miss Stone, the famous missionary, had a hun
dred lives she would have lost them all in the fer
tile brains of irresponsible correspondents, who let
hardly a day pass without a new report of the ven
turesome woman.
OUBAN DEMANDS.
MANY delegations are visiting" Washington
from Cuba to insist upon free trade with the
island in sugar and tobacco. This demand is
varied by propositions to abate the tariff so far be
low the Dingley rates, as to deprive domestic"pro
ducers of protection. > J'
The American sugar and tobacco growers, being
agriculturists and to a degree unorganized, are per
haps not fully aware that free sugar from Cuba means
the gift^f about $260 per acre to the island planters,
and that their demand has many American advo
cates in Congress and out. These advocates proceed
on the philanthropic line. They insist that when
we declared war against Spain "we guaranteed the
prosperity of Cuba." From that text a sermon is
preached that appeals to charity and honor. If we
accept the text the premise is admitted and the con
clusion must be accepted.
But did we make any such guarantee?'- An exam
ination of the resolution declaring war fails to find
anything that can be tortured into any obligation to
make the Cubans prosperous. To have undertaken
such a responsibility would have been what Senator
Sumner called "a piece of preposterosity." We de
clared Cuba to be of right ' a free and independent
state, and declared that we would not acquire sov
ereignty of the island and would abdicate occupancy
upon the institution of a stable government. That is
alL No state is free and independent when another
has guaranteed its prosperity.
The United States is concerned only with the pros
perity of its own people, and that only so far as it
can be secured by financial stability and their pro
tection against the lavish production or cheap labor
of other countries. Otherwise they are expected to
carve out their own fortunes and dictate their own
destiny. It goes without saying" that acceptance of
the Cuban pretensions will seriously violate the obli
gation of this Government to its own people. As
our population increases and its wants grow more
complex, the profit of supplying them should be kept
at home, to the end that the ever-increasing demand
for the profitable employment of land and labor may
be met. The production of rice, sugar and tobacco
is a much needed means of diversifying our agri
culture. Each requires the employment of labor in
converting the raw material to human use. l\ that
production is left undisturbed and its profit untouched
it will grow beyond the domestic consumption and
our agricultural and manufacturing labor will be in
creased to produce and convert the raw .material for
foreign markets, as has been the case in the metal,
fabric, wood and leather manufactures.
Why, then, is it not the part of wisdom for our
Government to retain unabated its power to carry
out the constitutional injunction that it shall "provide
for the general welfare"?
Our taxpayers have contributed hundreds of mil
lions to the Spanish war and its collateral results. If
any of the statesmen think that they did this for the
purpose of inviting lush production and cheap labor
into competition with them, to reduce their profits,
obsolete their industries and invade their prosperity,
they are making a mistake, the serious ' nature : of
which will appear when the results become known to
the people.
Mr. Lawson, the Boston millionaire, is said to have
lost more than $11,000,000 in -the copper deal, but
inasmuch as he owns all the stock he held at first
and has the same copper mines the loss isj nothing
more than a Wall-street calculation on the value
of the stock, and it may be that the street has calcu
lated wrong. At any rate Mr. Lawson has not yet
lost anything except a speculative idea.
UP TO JUSTICE BROWN.
SINCE the decision of the Supreme Court in the
so-called "diamond rings case" has followed the
precedent set by the court in the decision of
the Porto Rico cases last spring, it has occasioned
comparatively little comment. In fact it was in the
nature of a foregone conclusion. Such interest as
exists in the matter therefore turns rather upon what
was not decided than upon what was. It was decided
that duties cannot be collected upon goods imported
into this country from the Philippines as the law now
stands, but it was not decided whether or no duties
upon goods sent to the Philippines from the United
States may be collected at Philippine ports. That
and other questions arising from our relations to the
Philippines will have to come up sooner or later.
What decision will be pronounced upon them is
known only to Mr. Justice Brown. On all of these
cases he is virtually the Supreme Court. It is up
to him to decide.
The position of Justice Brown is unique. The re
maining Justices of the court are divided on the
question of the relation of our island possessions to
the rest of the country. Justice Brown holds the
balance of power, and he holds it impartially, for he
favors one side about as often as the other. He may
not be strictly consistent in his views, but he is un
questionably fair and gives everybody a chance.
In the Dc Lima case decided last spring Chief
Justice Fuller and Justices llarlan, Pcckham and
Brewer held that immediately upon the ratification
of the treaty of peace Porto Rico ceased to be for
eign territory and became domestic. Brown agreed
with them, and consequently Shiras, White, Gray and
McKcn'n.i were left in a minority. In the Downes
case it was held by Shiras, White, Gray and Peck
ham that Congress has power to impose customs
duties upon trade between this country and Porto
Rico, and Brown agreed with them, consequently that
time it was the Chief Justice and Harlan, McKenna
and Brewer, who made up the minority. In the Phil
ippine case the relative positions of the Justices re
turn to what they were in the De Lima case, and
once more it is Justice Brown who' makes the de
cision and determines the law of the land.
The situation is not" conducive to confidence in
the court. It is evident we are. facing problems in
which the highest tribunal in the country is so equal
ly divided there is no means of forecasting what de
cisions will be given upon such new issues as will
inevitably arise. Four Justices believe the islands
have become a part of the United States and must be
governed- by Congress in accord with the constitu
tion; that their people. must enjoy full' freedom of
trade with other portions of the country. Four other
Justices hold: that the islands are not a part of the
United States, or at least that they are not domestic
territory within the meaning of the tariff act. Justice
Brown holds an intermediate position and decides
that the islands became domestic as soon as the treaty
of peace was ratified, but that Congress can establish
a separate tariff for them 'if it pleases. .
It has been said by lawyers that the "decisions 'vir
tually give us three kinds of territory and three kinds
of citizens. First, the States whose citizens are
clothed with full powers of sovereignty* and -.self
government; second, incorporated Territories whose
. , - ■ ■. '.....■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, 10, 1901.
citizens are entitled to freedom of trade - with -the'
States but are not entitled to vote, for: Presidential
electors or to have representation in the United States
Senate;; and third, unincorporated territories held, as
"appurtenances" to the Union, and whose: citizens
have no rights except such as Congress may choose
to grant.
Out of that complexity there are certain to arise
many perplexing questions. At present no one can
foresee what they will' be. All that we kno"w is that
so long as the membership of the Supreme Court re
mains as it is there will be division, and the settle
ment of each issue will be up to Justice Brown, who*
in such matters exercises a one-man power of the
first magnitude.
The South American delegates to the Pan-Ameri
can" Congress seem to be of the opinion that.inter
national arbitration will be a a good ' thing provided
there is no attempt made to arbitrate anything that
gives promise of war and a chance to upset a Govern
ment.
LONDON dispatches of yesterday announce that
immediately upftithe assembling of Parliament
- the Ministry will bring forward a plan for abol
ishing the concentration camps in South Africa and
substituting a better method of caring for the Boer
prisoners and refugees.. No information from an of
ficial source has been given concerning the nature of
the new plan, but it is believed it' will consist of dis
tributing the refugees throughout the more settled
and pea'ceable districts of the Transvaal instead of
herding them together as is the practice now.
The movement on the part of the Ministry is. a
victory of the moral sentiment of mankind against
so-called military necessity. From every part of the
civilized world there has arisen a protest against the
cruel policy which Weyler introduced in Cuba and
Kitchener has followed in South Africa. It is but
just to the British to recognize : that they have
themselves furnished many of the foremost and most
earnest of those who denounce the system. The
most effective blow was delivered by Miss Hobhouse,
a British nurse who went to the seat of war not to
sympathize with the Boers but to serve wherever
needed in her professional capacity, and whose report
of what she saw in the concentration camps aroused
the indignation of humane people in Great Britain
as well as in other countries.
American sympathy has promptly followed the.dis
closures of the condition of the camps., . At the pres
ent time in the East no public gatherings are more
largely attended than those held for the purpose of
raising money for the Boer prisoners, nor is there any
cause for which money is more liberally, contributed.
This manifestation of sentiment in America may well
serve the Ministry as a warning, for on the whole
the people of this country have not been at all pre
judiced or antagonistic to the British in the war. If
there be a change of sentiment now it will be because
the change is justified.
A recent circular issued by the Chicago Branch of
the American Transvaal League presents statistics of
the death rate in the camps from June to September,,
inclusive, showing that in June the rate was equiva
lent to an annual death rate of 190 per thousand. It
continued to increase month after month until in
September it amounted to an annual rate of 264 per
thousand. The death rate among the children in Sep
tember is given at the equivalent of an annual rate
of 433 per thousand.
Statistics coming from the Boer side may be more
or less exaggerated, but information from British
sources goc,s far to confirm them. The significance
of a yearly death rate of 264 per thousand may be
estimated from the fact that the normal yearly, death
rate in England and Wales is but eighteen per thou
sand. The Boers are known to be a robust and
hardy race, and it can readily be seen that so large
a death rate among them implies a fearful condition in
the concentration camps. Clearly then it- is high
time for the Ministry to put an end* to them.
A report from Princeton says that a protest against
the proposed extension of a trolley line has been
signed by "Grover Cleveland and other prominent
business^ men," so it seems that to pass from the
Presidency- to the rank of a "prominent citizen" is
easy; but when did Cleveland go into business?
THE Democracy proves still unable to rule its
own spirit. Mr. Bryan has degenerated into the
party scold. He lets go one day at Gorman
and the next at Wattersbn. He deifies himself by re
ferring to Senator John P. Jones as Judas Iscariot,
who has betrayed him, and scarcely suspends his duty
on the watch tower. long enough to care for .his
anaemic, cczematous, ring-wormed political offspring,
free silver. Hill has left Croker to smoke the pipe of
peace alone, and the Jackson Club of Omaha has
taken up Croker's fight and refuses to invite Hill to
dine with it on January 8, >.\
In Missouri the State officers and committcemen of
the party are in court telling tales on each other and
digging up cashbooks showing large donations from
all the corporations, and the corporations remark that
as the Democratic platform threatened their undoing
by unfriendly legislation they were justified in seeking
safety by "cash. They say that the wise corporation
only buys 'peace of those that threaten war.
The minority in the House of Representatives held
its caucus and immediately proceeded to quarrel over
every issue in sight. The New York contingent
submitted a wordy programme, which omitted free
silver, and a Bryanite moved to substitute the Kansas
City platform, and then the men who desire to run
the Government showed that they could not run their
own caucus nor agree upon anything, and the anxious
and perspiring leader, Mr. Richardson, secured. ran
adjournment without coming to any decision. This
leaves the minority to indulge in a go-as-you-piease,
and its political course will be merely a guerrilla
warfare.
The people will not trust a party that is composed
of disagreements. It is united in only one thing and
that is. opposition to whatever Republicans propose.
But that is the policy of destruction.' . The people
want a constructive policy. It is a rule of law and
logic that he who comes to negative and destroy, a
proposition must come with one to take its place!
The country is as yet unaware of any feasible
Democratic policy not already rejected by the people
upon which it can be invited back to power. Its con
dition .now . is .worse than', ever in its/history. It ; has
received the weakening accessions of Patterson,
Heitfelt and Duboise, the. Populists, who .have;car
ried into its councils nothing but further discord; and
is .worse off than before those Senators •crossed ■ over.
Evidently the country must continue to look to -the
Republican party for affirmative and constructive' ieg
islatioh,. and : the ■ responsibility . of "that -party is" in
creased by the irresponsibility \ of its opponent.-;
CONCENTRATION CAMPS.
MINORITY DISCORDS.
QUEEN'S VALUABLE PET DOG CAN
EASILY BE HELD ON HER HAND
THE SMALLEST OF ALL POMERANIAN DOGS WAS PRESENTED TO QUEEN ALEXANDRA BY LADY BAR
NETT OF WOODSTOCK, ENGLAND, SAYS THE NEW YORK WORLD. THE DOG IS VALUED AT $3000, AND
WEIGHS ONLY A POUND AND A HALF. THE QUEEN CAN HOLD HIM ON HER HAND. HE IS A BEAU
TIFUL INKY BLACK WITH EYES LIKE VELVET AND A JET BLACK XOSE AS POINTED AS A FOX'?L
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
- AFIVE OF '56— B. J. B., Woodland, Cal.
No premium is offered for a $5 piece of
1S56. , '..,'■
ROOSEVELT— A. S., City. Lieutenant
H. S. Roosevelt, U. S. M. C, Is a cousin of
the President. .
HALF-DOLLAR— C. L. D., City. A
half dollar of 1813 does not command a
premium. Dealers offer such for 85 cents.
FORUM CLUB— E. H., City. There is a
Forum Club in San Francisco, the address
of which can be found in the city direc
tory. .
ADDRESSES— Constant Reader, City.
This department does not furnish ad
dresses that can be found in the city di
rectory.
LIGHT OF THE MOON— A. O. F. T. C.
City. "In the Light of the Moon," that is
to be found in "Sapho," was written by
Augier, music by Gounod. .
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS-A. S.,
City. The Christian Endeavor Associa
tion Convention was held in San Francis
co during the month of July, 1897.
MULES — Several correspondents, City
and Country. The. address of the agent
announced as buying mules for the Brit
ish Government is 929 Market street.
PEN DRAWING— F. K, City. Artists
who make pen drawings generally draw
lightly In pencil first. Any first class
book store will furnish you books on
drawing.
THE WOMAN YOU LOVE— A corre
spondent of this department wishes to
know the name of the author of "To the
Woman You Love" in "Bonnie Prince
Charlie."
CARRIAGE— T. H., City. The French
dictionaries do not contain any such word
as "carriage," so this department cannot
inform you "what the word carriageln
French means."
JEFFRIES-RUHLIN— J. H. W. et als.,
City. There are no figures that will show
"the exact number of spectators at the
Jeff ries-Ruhlln contest at the Mechanics'
Pavilion November 16, 1901." -• „ V v '•;
BERKELEY— Reader, City. There are
no saloons in Berkeley within a radius of
one mile from the University grounds.
During the past ten years Berkeley has
advanced, not retrograded.
OLYMPIA BOXING CLUB— G. J.. Or
land, Cal. There Is no Olympia Boxing
Club in San Francisco. If you mean the
Olympic, then William Greer Harrison is
the general manager. M. S. Houghton is
the active manager for boxing contests.
A CHINESE— J. E. C... Witter. Lake
Ccunty, Cal. The naturalisation of Chi
nese is expressly prohibited by section 14,
chapter 12(5 of the United States laws of
1SS2. Tho children born of Chinese pa
rents in the United States aro natives and
citirens of the United States.
THE RESPONSIBLE PARTY-J. C,
Sacramento, Cal. If J gives a written or
der, to be delivered to a merchant on
which there is written "let Mr. S. hav*
merchandise to tho amount of $12 and I
will see that you receive your pay," J
assumes the responsibility of the pay
ment.
LINCOLN .AND HAMLIN-Inqulrer,
City. Thero Is nothing In the biographies
of either Lincoln or Hannibal Hamlln
showing that Hamlln opposed the nomina
tion of Lincoln for a second term. 1 On the
contrary there appears to have been noth
ing but the very best of feeling between
the two.
GARDENER— W. J. L., Spreckels, Cal.
Possibly when . you asked the question
about George' Gardener you had the in
dividual in your mind, but in your letter
of. inquiry neglected to state who George
Gardener is. This department has not the
time to hunt up the biography of every
George Gardener who may have come to
the surface.
ACES IN CASINO— Subscriber. Stock
yards, " Alameda, Cal. Aces in casino do
not count- first. The .'count in that game
on the last deal is cards, spades, big ca
sino, little casino, aces and sweeps.' Who
ever holds cards and 'if cards areeven,
whoever : holds soades counts first, and if
he has 'enough points goes out..
COMMISSIONER GUNST— Reader, Ba
kersfleld, Cal. Moses A. Gunst. was ap
pointed a : member of the Board of Police
Commissioners "for San* Francisco by
Governor Markham. Governor Budd tried
to revoke 'the appointment by, appointing
Stewart Menzies, : but Gunst was held by
the court in which the matter came up as
the legally, appointed Commissioner.
; MOFFATT, AND NEILL-M. M., City.
The 'record of Moff alt and Neill;':the pu-'
gllists.fin San Franciseo Is as .follows:
June ,8, 1900, Woodward's : Pavilion, : Neill
lost 'to : Moffatt in 'eleven 'rounds'; 'July 13,
1000, ' Mechanics*. : Pavilion, •;. Neill \ lost . to
Moffatt ' in -twenty > rounds;* September 12,
1900. : Neill declared the ; victor in ' a three-
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Rev. Webster L. Clark of Benlcia
is at the California.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, Is a
guest at the Palace.
W. H. Hatton, the well known attorney
of Modesto, is at the Lick.
Louis Kahn, a banker of Oakdale, la
among the arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. D. J. Brannen of Flagstaff, Ariz., ia
at the Grand, accompanied by his -wife.
Superior Judge W. P. Lawlor will ar
rive to-day from an extended visit in New
York. :
Garret McEnerney nas written friends
that he will be here from Europe on the
23d inst.
Railroad Commissioner Edson is down
from Gazelle and Is registered at the
Occidental. ••
G. McM. Ross, the well known mining
man of Virginia City, registered at the
Occidental yesterday.
W. J. Tinnin, formerly Surveyor of the
Port of San Francisco, is up from Fresno
for a few days. He Is at the Grand.
R. V.. Ellis, an oil expert of Hanford, Is
up here on a short business trip and has
made his headquarters at the Palace.
Ex-Governor Budd leaves the latter part
of this week for Washington, as a mem
ber of the committe to urge Congress to
renew the Geary exclusion act.
W. G. Kirckhoff , a prominent electrical
engineer of Los Angeles, is at the Palace
He is en route for an extended tour of the
East, accompanied by his wife.
rcund contest with Moffatt, who in that
round dislocated his shoulder.
DUTY AND FREIGHT— T. H., City. By
calling at the Custom-house you will be
told what the duty will be on "a $200 ma
chine to be Imported from Paris. France."
Not knowing what kind of a machine you
want to import this department* cannot
advise you as to freight rates. You will
have to call on some shipping firm.
ASKING TOO MUCH— A Reader, City.
The question "What country can claim the
best-looking and best-shaped woman?"
Is one that no one can answer, for the
reason that beauty of face and sym
metry of shape are matters of individual
opinion and as diversified as there aro
individuals. What Is beautiful to one is
not to another. The matter of female
beauty is best explained by the expression
of a Frenchman to the effect that every
woman is beautiful in the eyes of the
man who loves her.
MISSIONS OF CALIFORNIA— Constant
Reader, City. The old missions of Cali
fornia were: San Francisco Solano. San
Rafael, San Francisco, Santa Clara, San
Jose. Santa Cruz, San Juan Bautlsta, San
Carlos, Nuestra Senora de la Soledad. San
Antonio, San Miguel, San Luis Oblspo, La
Purissima, Santa Inez, Santa Barbara,
Buenaventura, San Fernando, San Ga
briel, San Juan Capistrano, San Luis Rey
and San Diego. The first six were in the
Jurisdiction of San Francisco, the second
six jurisdiction of Monterey, the next five
In tho jurisdiction of Santa Barbara and
the last four In the jurisdiction of San
Diego.
CALIFORNIA'S REPRESENTATIVES
—II. S., City. The following are the home
and Washington addresses of those who
represent California in Congress:
• Senators— George C. Perkins, Oakland,
the Albany, Washington; Thomas R.
Bard, Hueneme, the Normandle, Wash
ington.
Representatives— John A. Barham, San
ta Rosa, the Ebbitt, Washington; Samuel
D. Woods, Stockton, House of Represen
tatives, Washington; Victor H. Metcalf,
Oakland, the Arlington, Washington;
Julius Kahn, San Francisco, the Hamil
ton, Washington; Eugene F. Loud, San
Francisco, the Everett, Washington; Rus
sell J. Waters, Los Angeles, the Orleans,
Washington; James C. Needham, Modes
to, 115 Maryland avenue, Washington.
POOR SINNER'S BELL— B. F. W.,
City. The poor sinner's bell Is a bell "in
the city of Breslau, In the province of
Silesia, Prussia, and hangs In the tower
of one of the city churches. According
to historic records, it was cast July 17,
13S6. It is said that a great bell founder
of the place had undertaken to make the
finest church bell he' had ever made.
When the metal was melted the founder
withdrew for a few moments, leaving a
boy to, watch the furnace and enjoining
him not to meddle with the catch that
held the molten metal, but the boy dis
obeyed the caution," and when he saw
the metal flowing into the mold he called
the founder. The latter; rushed in, and
seeing as he thought • hi3 • work of weeks
undone and his masterpiece ruined, struck
the boy a blow that caused his immediate
death. When the metal cooled and the
mold was opened the bell was found to
be not . only perfect, but I of marvelous
sweetness 'of tone." The. founder gave
himself " up to the authorities, was tried
and condemned to death.. On the day of
his execution the bell was sung to call
people (to J attend J church and offer a
prayers for/ the ' unhappy man's . soul, and
from that it" obtained ■•..the i name of : "the
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
A ticket collector on a railway got leave
to go and get married ana was given a
pass over the line. On the way back he
showed the new collector his marriage
certificate by mistake for his pass. He
studied it carefully and then said: "Eh,
mon, you've got a ticket for a lang, wear
isome Journey, but not on the Caledonian
Railway."— Tit-Bits.
Of smokeless powder once they talked,
No more our thoughts it claims;
It's Insect powder they must use
If they keep calling names.
Tess— So he really said he thought mo
very witty, eh?
Jess— Not exactly. He said he had to
laugh every time he saw you.—Philadel
phia Press.
"Enthusiasm Is contagious."
"Oh, not always; I've courted girls who
didn't seem to share my enthusiasm *a
the least."— Chicago Record-Herald. «?-^y
Styles — Capitalists say. that they find It
difficult to invest their money at paying:
rates.
* Byles— Then I am in luck for once.
Styles— Got your money in something
that pays you a good interest?
Byles* — I haven't any money. — Boston
Transcript.
"Madam," said the handsome and well
mannered university man who is turning
an honest penny as a member of the Pan-
American Guard, "are you looking for an
exit?"
"No, sir, I am not," said the woman
from Penn Yan, with much asperity. "1
am looking for a way to git out."—Buf
falo Commercial.
"I was put out of the theater," asserted
the indignant man.
"And you want damages?" asked the
lawyer.
"That's exactly It," answered the lndtg- v
nant man. .
"What was the play?"
"Henrietta Saueeler in her new emo-
tional drama."
"You have no claim for damages It they
put you out," asserted the lawyer, "but
you'd have a fine case If they'd made
you stay. I've seen her."— Chicago Post.
He— Do you think a man ought to w^ir
bracelets? -'^^
She — Well, if a man wants to wear
bracelets I think he ought to wear them.
so that everybody will know ho ia tha
kind of man that wants to wear brace
lets.—Chicago Record-Herald.
D'Orville de Flunke — Is there any good
shooting in this vicinity?
Bill de Grafter (of Omaha)— Sure t'ta*.
De crap shootln* is always good, an' do
sucker fish In" ain't never bin's good since
de fishermen wus protected.— Omaha
World-Herald.
At one time, says a Kansas editor, we
were sure that .we had drawn the capital
prize; in fact, we had a message to that
effect, but our wife awoke us before we
could read It Women should not inter
fere In business transactions.— Chicago
Tribune.
Mrs. Enpeck— James, you are good on
languoge. What Is the difference between
exported and transported?
Mr. Enpeck— Why, my dear, if you
Bhould go to England you would be ex
ported, and I— well, I would ba trans
ported.—Sunny South.
Wpmen in Norway can vote after they
have reached the age of 23. Such a regu
lation).would disfranchise most of tha
women of this country, few of them hav
ing reached that mature age.— Chicago
Dallr News. tf
General Botha's Humor.
The British officials in the Transvaal,
who- are inclined to enjoy a Joke what
ever the reaction, are delighted with an
anecdote relating to an interview between
Kitchener and the Boer general, Botha.
At the conclusion of the fruitless con
ference to arrange terms of peace Botha
said:
"Well, I must be gone."
fDon't be in a hurry." said Kitchener,
hospitably. "You haven't got to catch a
train."
"But that's Just what I've got to do,"
answered Botha, as he took his leave.
And so he had, for two days later he
caught and looted a train on the Delagoa
line not far from the place of meeting —
Youths' Companion.
' • ■ ■ I
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
CaL Glace Fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Best eyeglasses, «pecs, 10c. 40c. Look out
for 81 4th St., front barber and grocery. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Pres3 Clipping Bureau air Wlai-
Komery Btreet. Telephone Main 10-L^ •
Only 9 per cent of the soldiers actually
engaged in war are killed on the field of
battle.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigoratar.
Beat Liver Medicine, VegetableCurefor Liver ln».
Biliousness, Indigestion, ConstlgatfoD. Malaria.~ ~~™ ~~^5ZiE^£? EM:ENTS - "£vv %
lllpf OUR CELEBRATED Ql Ip
Are Unexcelled fop p^^l
St yte» Fit and Service. : m^
Iftilr Skk 1 ' 05 AND k **ds mTW
FOR MEN AND WOMEN. W : iJW
The/ are made in Vid Kid. Box Calf, Vehur Ca/f t xOgF
Patent Leather and Patent Kid. JtiS± *
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED. JgSk
x^CTi^' We also carr/ al ifi ° above styles tn ihe
A SPFCI'AI IK
e3^1 it C/"fc /* f" We wUl close oat this weak lll^
Hit I v/ /U 500 pairs Ladies' Fine Yid lid, Ip3f
y«g!# A /.I! lace, latest stjle coin toe and f^Jm
fii' tip, genuine welted sewed Ww
Hr ~ sole3 and stitched edges. sSjp
nffi|\ Se / a poor shoe ct cny price. /y*^irik.
WE HAVE % G R EAT VARIETY OP <^^M^P^
HOLIDAY SLIPPERS AND KOYELTIES Wj$f
J|} NOLAN BROS., W
PHELAN BUILDING. fS?
c^f-l 812-814 MARKET STREET, 'M^z
I ft J e w '^ * e °P en evenings during December. /&?*£&£
REVISING THE TARIFFS
FOR PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
Chairman Payne of the Ways and Means Committee of the
House Presents His Republican Colleagues a Bill Drawn
to Meet Conditions of Recent Supreme Court Decision
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.-Chair
man Payne of the Ways and
Means Committee to-day pre
sented to his Republican col-
leagues of the committee a
tariff bill for the Philippines, which he
had drawn to meet the conditions of the
recent Supreme Court decision. The Re
publican Jnembers of the committee met
at 10:30 to continue the discussion of the
Eubject. The meeting was executive and
tras preliminary to a meeting of the
full committee to-morrow, when a Philip
pine tariff measure will be submitted to
the Democratic members and voted upon.
The Payne bill is quite brief, with two
main features— applying the Dingley law
bs against Philippine exports to this coun
try, and applying the Philippine commit
tee's tariff "schedule to goods entering the
Philippines. A further section grants a
rebate of customs tax on goods which
have paid an internal revenue tax in this
country. There is no proviso in the meas
ure that it shall be temporary, so that
the rates if imposed would be applicable
until Congress otherwise acted.
Payne's Bill Is Discussed.
As soon as the committee assembled
Payne offered his bill, and it opened an
extended discussion on the several fea
tures involved.
The meeting lasted until noon, at which
time no final action had been taken, and
the committee adjourned until 2 p. m. to
hear Secretary Root on the requirements
cf the situation.
During the morning discussion it devel
oped that Russell of Connecticut and
some other Republican members strongly
favored a proviso to the bill offered by
Payne by which the tariff rates would be
scaled down from 15 to 20 per cent on
goods passing between the United States
and the Philippines. This was urged on
the ground that Great Britain had now 40
per cent of the trade of the Philippines
and Germany and other European coun
tries held a certain percentage, while the
United States had but 8 per cent of the
trade. For this reason it was urged by
Russell that the United States should
have some concessions as against foreign
"LONG JOHN" WILKINS
IS DYING AT HOSPITAL
John Wilkins, familiarly known as
"Long John," a colored man, who has
been a conspicuous figure in every session
of the Legislature for many years, lies
dying at the Receiving Hospital.
Wilkins returned from the Oakland
racetrack early yesterday afternoon, and
boarding a McAllister street car at the
ferry building complained of feeling very
ill. He was standing on the rear plat
form of the car, and when opposite Sec
ond street he suddenly swooned and fell
off the car, striking on his head. In his
fall he knocked M. H. Clarkson off the
car, but he fortunately escaped uninjured.
Wilkins was carried to the sidewalk and
aa ambulance took him to the Receiving
Hospital, where It was discovered that he
was stricken with apoplexy. He failed to
recover consciousness and his death is
hourly expected.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Desperate Case ••
Of Piles Cured.
Mrs. Wm. Kenmore, So. Omaha, writes:
"I suffered many, many years with pro-
truding Dlles and dared) not risk" an ope-
ration. My case became desperate. I took
Pyramid Pile Cure and in a short time
was entirely cured, with no return of the
trouble." Sold by all druggists, 50 cents a
box. Book, "Piles, Causes and Cure,
mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
countries in order to gain a fair percent
age of the Philippine trade for the Ameri
can trade.
Provision to Pay Drawbacks.
Secretary Root is preparing a bill which
he expects to submit to Congress in a day
or two fixing duties for the Philippines
to meet the Supreme Court's decision. The
latest phase requiring- consideration is the
application of the drawback laws to trade
between the Philippines and the United
States. It is expected that any tariff ar
rangement made will include a provision
for the payment of drawbacks on any
goods imported into the United States
and exported to the Philippines. It Is also
the purpose to provide for the remission
of Internal revenue taxes on goods other
wise liable to such tax but exported to
the Philippines.
The official opinion at the "War Depart
ment is strongly adverse to the proposi
tion which has been broached by some
Republican members of Congress to frame
a new tariff schedule for the Philippines.
Decide on the Taf t Bates.
Secretary Root, accompanied by Colonel
Edward, chief of the Insular division of
the War Department, was with the Re
publican members of the committee
throughout the afternoon going over the
Philippine tariff situation. Root empha
sized the fact that the new tariff of the
Philippine Commission had gone into ef
fect only a few weeks ago, on November
15, and he favored a continuance by Con
gress of the rates established by the com
mission.
Representative Russell thereupon deter
mined not to further urge the proposition
he had put forward earlier In the day for
a 15 per cent preference to American
goods.
The committee took no final action, ad
journing until to-morrow, when a measure
may be agreed upon.
After the meeting the members stated
that the discussions and the hearing of
Root has practically determined that the
Taft tariff rates of November 15 would
be applied against goods entering the
Philippines, and the Dingley rates against
goods entering the United States from
the Philippines. The proposal to grant a
rebate on duties on goods paying an In
ternal revenue tax is still under discus
sion.
FRANK KANE AND MBS.
LAKE BATTLE FOB CHILD
Frank J. Kane, secretary of the Pacific
Society ,for the Prevention of Vice, is de
termined to secure the possession of lit
tle Chin Ah YIng, a Chinese girl 9 years
of age, and Mrs. Kate B. Lake, manager
of the Chinese Mission at 912 Washington
street. Is equally determined that he shall
not. The courts have been appealed to,
and yesterday Judge Troutt set the first
Monday in January as the time when all
concerned shall appear and present their
claims. Kane took the cnlld from the
haunts of vice in which it had been liv
ing In Chinatown a year ago. He secured
letters of guardianship over the little Ori
ental and then turned her over to the
mission people. Now he claims that the
little one's mother is engaged as a domes
tic in a Christian family and is capable of
raising her offspring in a fitting manner.
He has made demands upon Mrs. Lake
for the girl, but she refuses to give her
up.
Mrs. Lake is at present out of the State,
but an affidavit made by her was filed
yesterday in which she says that the
child If taken from her now will be ex
posed once again to the dangers from
which she was rescued.
The proceedings before Judge Troutt
yesterday were on a citation Issued com
manding Mrs. Lake to appear in court
and show cause why she should not be
punished for contempt for her failure to
recognize an order of court.
Charges Against Policemen.
Charges were filed with the Police Com
missioners yesterday by Captain Splllane
against three officers. Charles F. Cas
sidy was charged with being fifty minutes
late while reporting on duty on the morn
ing of December' 6; Jeremiah Donovan
was charged with being Intoxicated while
reporting on duty on the night of Decem
ber 6, and John F. O'Shea was charged
with leaning on a counter In a cigar store
at 22 First street while on duty on the
afternoon of December 6. . .
Will Not Sign the Demands.
Auditor Wells has changed his mind
about signing the demands for , salaries
of J. H. Zemansky and Daniel Gordon,
for whom positions were created in the
Registrar's office at $150 per month each
by. the Board of Supervisors. Wells said
yesterday that he will decline to approve
the warrants because the charter limits
the salaries of deputies in the Registrar's
office to $100 per month.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.— The First He
brew Ladles' Mutual Benefit Association . has
elected the following officers to serve during the
ensuing term: President. L. C. Levy; vice pres.
ident. Julius Levin; secretary. " S. Meyer;
treasurer, I. Baer; trustees, N. S. Friedberg,
L. Soloman and. P. L. Jacobs; messenger, A.
Frombergr; doctor. Albert Adler; druggist
.Philip Flatow. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1«A1.
SHIP HELPLESS
IN THE SURF
Four Master in Danger
Near Grays Harbor
Entrance.
Tug' Is Sent From Hcquiam
to the Assistance of
the Vessel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ABERDEEN. Dec. 9.— A big four-mast
ed steel vessel is reported to be in the
surf about twelve miles north of the en
trance to Grays Harbor. The vessel has
been outside several days, having been
first sighted on Friday night. She car
ried only one sail and had a heavy list.
On Saturday a fogr covered the vessel, but
it was seen that she had drifted into the
surf and was pounding heavily on the
sands. It is impossible to decipher the
name of the ship. A tug from Hoquiam
has gone to the scene. The vessel has
anchors out and If they hold she may be
kept from drifting high and dry on the
beach. -
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 9.— The French
bark Asle, reported last night to have
been : inthe breakers, arrived in port this
evening. - . Her captain . reports that his
vessel was not in danger at any time.
The German ships Tarpenbek and Schil
ler,.which also arrived to-day, report ter
rible experiences during the recent gales.
The Schiller's ballast shifted and Captain
Bomar feared for a time he would lose
his vessel and the lives of all on board.
The Tarpenbek likewise came near piling
upon the beach.
FINANCE COMMITTEE
ISSUES CALL FOR MONEY
Funds Needed to Defray Expense cf
Sending Out Literature in Chi
nese , Exclusion Fight. .
The Chinese exclusion finance commit
tee has issued a call for funds to be
used to defray the expense of disseminat
ing printed "matter in the fight against
Chinese immigration. The call, which
bears the signatures of Chairman Sbar
boro and Secretary McLaughlin, follows:
To the People of the State of California:
The Geary bill, which has protected thia State
frcm the Invasion of Chinese. laborers for the
past ten years, is about to expire. To avoid
the danger again of another Chinese invasion,
a convention representing: all sections and
classes of people of California met in San
Francisco on the 21st day of November last,
and the result of the convention was the draft
ing of a memorial to be sent to the President
of the United States and members of Congres3.
An executive committee was appointed for
the purpose of carrying- Into effect the objects
of the convention. It Is now desirable that the
proceedings of the convention, and such other
matters as the executive committee may deem
necessary to aid the cause, be printed and dis
tributed to the different organizations which
sent delegates to the convention, to our Con
gressmen and other official bodies throughout
the United States.
In order to defray the expenses of such work,
we now respectfully ask the organizations
which have sent delegates to the convention,
and all the people who desire to help the good
work on hand, to send a subscription in order
to create a fund to meet eventual necessities.
The Italian-American Bank has been appoint
ed treasurer of the association and will accept
the money sent to it, which money shall be paid
out only by the order of the executive commit
tee.
BENEFIT FOB THE BOER
WOMEN AND CHILDREN
Programme Includes Speeches, Beci
tations, Songs and Other Enter
taining Features.
For the benefit of the widows and or
phans of the Boer soldiers, and also for
the assistance of the women and children
in the concentration camps of South Af
rica, a concert and entertainment will be
given to-night in Metropolitan Temple.
Influential friends of the Boer cause have
the affair in charge. They have arranged
an excellent programme. Patriotic
speeches, songs and recitations will form
a principal part of the evening's enter
tainment.
Letter-Carriers' Election.
The Letter Carriers' Association held an
election Saturday evening and selected
the following officers to serve during the
ensuing term:
President. Charles de la Fontaine; vice
president, Edward Long;. treasurer, R. D. Cun
ningham; secretary, Conrad Trieber; collector
of M. B. A., Thomas Nixon: board of direct
ors (long term, three years), T. B. Mahoney;
unexpired term, I. C. Gross: sergeant-at-arms,
Fred Stanley: physician, Dr. John F. Dillon;
directors mutual aid fund— Louis E. Bolvin,
D. A. Cameron, Charles A. Britain, Charles A..
Gould, Charles McAullffe. After the close of
the meeting the committee on good of the or
der took charge.
The following programme was ren
dered:
Tenor solo. Jack Harris: 6olo, E. J. Wal
dron; barytone solo,. J.- Plunkett; solo, Thomas
B. Mahoney; recitation, William Bracket t; re
marks, Fred Griffith; coon songs, William
Lambert; songs, I. C. Gross. , \ ,
Channuka Festival .
The Helpers of Zion held a Channuka
festival at the B'nai B'rlth Hall last
Sunday evening. The hall was crowded
to the doors. The following interesting
programme was presented:
Address by Rev. Dr. I. Meyers; the blessing
of the candle3 by Cantor Solomon, assisted by
the choir of the Bush-street Temple; the
audience sang the traditional Channuka hymn
and for an encore the choir and cantor sane
"Yigdal"; recitation. Miss Mildred Elausses;
song and dance, Tessle Greenfield; song, Mr.
Ratner; song, Harry Rosenfeld; recitation,
Mi3s Carolina Abrams; song, Philip Shelter.
Addresses at the Teachers' Club.
The San Francisco Teachers' Club met
at its clubrooms last evening to commem
orate the semi-centennial of the founding
of the San Francisco public schools. The
special guests of the evening were James
Denman, distinguished as being the first
public school teacher of this city, and
John Swett, the founder of the public
school system of the State. Both- Mr.
Denman and Mr. Swett delivered most
interesting reminiscences. A delightful
vocal programme was rendered by Mrs.
M. E. Blanchard and Robert Lloyd.
Simmonini Declared Insane.
The Commissioners of Insanity declared
Vittorio Simmonini insane yesterday and
Judge Hebbard committed him to the
Stockton Insane Asylum. Simmonini Is
the man who housed himself in a shanty
in the Sutro forest and kept Lieutenant
Price and a posse of officers from the Sev
enteenth-street station at bay with a
shotgun until a well directed blow from
a club in the hand of Officer Taylor
knocked all the gun fight out of him.
Four Years for Bobles.
William Robles, the young sailor who
stabbed and killed Otto Schroeder last
June on the bark California in the harbor
of Hakodate, Japan, was sentenced yes
terday morning by United States District
Judge de Haven to four years' imprison
ment in the State prison at San Quentin
and to pay a .fine of- $100. Robles was
convicted of manslaughter and was rec
ommended to the mercy of the court.
Lecture for Sunday-School Teachers.
The Very Rev. Edgar J. Lion, dean of
the convocation of San Francisco and rec
tor of St. Stephen's Church, will deliver
the fifth lecture in the course now being
given under the . auspices of the Sunday
School Commission of the diocese of Cal
ifornia to-morrow evening. The topic for
the evening will be. "How to Teach the
Life of Christ," and the place will be St
Luke's Church, Van Ness, avenue and
Clay street. , -
Express Steamers.
The splendid express service between
San Francisco, Santa Barbara and San
Diego is kept up with the regularity of
clock work. ' The "Santa- Rosa" and
"State" make semi-weekly . sailings. Low
rates, fine service and fast time make this
line (The Pacific Coast'. Steamship Co.'s)
very attractive • to passengers:
JURY IS SWORN
TO TRY BROWN
Twelfth Man Is Chosen
in Lookout Lynch
ing Case.
Opening Statements of Coun
sel Will""Be« Made on
"Wednesday.
ALTURAS, Dec. 9.— The last juror in
the case of the people versus James W.
Brown, the alleged lyncher, was sworn
this afternoon after, twelve . dayb* hard
work by counsel. Only two talesmen out
of a venire of 100 remained to be exam
ined, and it seemed for a time that the
entire venire would be exhausted before
the jury was obtained. -..-■■-
The twelfth juror is J. N. Janes. Janes
said that he believed that in some cases
lynching was justifiable, but only in the
case of assailants of women and of men
who committed murder with robbery aa
the motive. ■ • .
After the jury had been sworn Judge
Harrington ordered it into the custody of
the Sheriff, with the usual admonition.
This procedure was objected to by Attor
ney Raker for. the defense, who declared
that it had never been the custom in this
county to remand a jury '■ to the care of a
Sheriff until the case was submitted."
An adjournment until Wednesday , was
taken, because counsel for both sides de
sired to look over the testimony which
was taken before the Grand Jury and to
decide what witnesses examined then,
could be excused in this trial. The tran
script of the testimony taken before the
Grand Jury Is voluminous, aggregating
1800. typewritten pages. '
ENGINEER AND FIREMAN
KILLED IN COLLISION
Freight Trains Crash. Together at a
Sharp Curve on the Northern
. Pacific Railroad.
NORTH YAKIMA, Dec. 9.— A head-on
collision between an v extra eastbound
freight train and No. 54 freight two miles
north of here, on the Northern Pacific, at
midnight, resulted in the death of two
trainmen and the injury of several
others. Th.e killed :
ENGINEER COOPER.
FIREMAN, name unknown.
Injured: Brakeman J. J. Peters, arm
mangled and internally Injured; Fireman
E. B. Stott, leg broken, arm crushed; 1
Brakeman W. T. Darcey, head and face
scalded; Fireman Alfred Channow,
bruised and scalded.
Three engines and thirty-three cars
were destroyed. Under orders the trains
were supposed to pass at Wenas Station.
When the extra arrived there a train stood
on the siding, and supposing it was No.
54, the extra proceeded to North Yakima.
The collision occurred at a sharp curve.
SALEM, Or., Dec. 9.— The engine of a
northbound , freight train andi a south
bound extra freight on the Southern Pa
cific met in a head-end collision on the
Mill Creek bridge, 400 feet north of the
passenger station in this city. The pilots
of both engines were wrecked and the en
gine of the extra freight was badly dam
aged.
The extra freight was running into the
yard at a moderate speed, and when turn
ing a curve came upon the engine of the
regular freight. Engineer W. G. Lovejoy
and Fireman F. H. Bolter, after reversing
the engine and throwing on the brakes,
jumped. A few seconds later the engines
met with a terrific smash on the middle
of the bridge, partially derailing the en
gine of the extra. The collision, it is said,
was due to the carelessness of the engi
neer of the freight train, who had orders
to go on the siding instead of the main
line. No one was injured.
Tongs May Go to War.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 9.— War is threatened
between the Hip Sing Tong and the Bow
Ong Tong in Chinatown and Chinese mer
chants have applied to the police and
Sheriff's office for help to maintain order.
Highbinders have been flocking hither
during the last two or three days from
San Francisco. Yesterday it was reported
that a number of fighting men of the Bow
Ong Tong had arrived and were preparing
for a raid on the Hip Sings. Officers hur
ried to the place, but when they arrived
the highbinders had dispersed. 'An extra
guard will be maintained in Chinatown.
Fire Chief Gets a Fall
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— While fighting
a small flre to-day Chief Strohm of, the
Los Angeles fire department fell from a
ladder and sustained severe Injuries. He
was about to step off Into a window when
the ladder broke into three pieces. Chief
Strohm hit the ground on the back of his
head and lay unconscious for ten minutes.
He sustained a severe ankle sprain and
an ugly wound on the back of the head.
Sets Fire to Her Bedding.
STOCKTON, Dec. 9.-Mrs. Gobel, a
woman 80 years of age, set fire to her
bedding this afternoon shortly before 3
o'clock, with suicidal intent, and was
burned so badly that she died in great
agony a short time afterward. She was
mentally unbalanced. Mrs. Gobel lived
with her daughter at the corner of South
and Van Buren streets.
Demented Han Ends Life.
GERMANTOWN, Dec. 9.-James Cun
ningham, a middle-aged man, . committed
suicide this morning at Greenwood, five
miles north of , here, by shooting himself
through the head. He left a note saying
that he intended to. kill himself, because
he was persecuted by secret societies. He
was undoubtedly demented.
« Shattering Coronado's Alibi.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 9.— The alibi set up by
Nolberto Coronado in his trial for the
murder of Frank Norona is being badly
shattered by the prosecution. Mrs. Ade
lina Patron testified a few days ago that
Coronado had admitted to her that he
killed Norona. To-day Antonio Soto, a
15-year-old boy. testified that an hour be
fore the murder he had met Coronado
within three-quarters of a mile of where
the crime was committed.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. .9.— Deputy inspectors to
day rounded up two Chinese in an opium den
in Chinatown and took them into custody on
a charge of being illegally In the country. It
Is alleged that the men have recently crossed
the line from Lower. California. •
We perspire a pint a
day without \ knowing it;
ought to ; if not, there's
trouble ahead. The: ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks v out in
pimples. The trouble goes
deeper, but^ this is trouble
enough. ' ;
If you use Pears 1 Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clear and soft arid
open arid clear.
., Sold all over the world.
SPIRITS CAUSE
FMILY RUMPUS
Advise Mrs. Franklin
C/ Tubbs to Get a
Divorce;
She Is Told to Marry Neigh
bor Who Assists in the
Seance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 9.— There Is a race on
In the Superior Court between Franklin
C. Tubbs and his wife, in which the
former is endeavoring to recover property
and win the divorce goal by the aid of
allegations out of the ordinary. . The
Tubbs were' married •. in Iowa in 1894.
About that time Tubbs received a large
sum from the Government in back pen
sion money, which he ' invested in Los
Angeles real estate. Arriving in Everett,
he made a further investment of $2200 in
realty. ' •- ~ .
The year 1900, alleges the complaint, was
an 'eventful period for the matrimonial
firm of Tubbs and Tubbs. Mrs. Tubbs
fell into the hands of spiritualists. She
attended seances and listened to spirit
tongues malign her lord. At these
seances, the husband claims, it was the
custom of his wife to sit by the side of
Joseph Goldfinch. He charges Amanda
Jenkens, Joseph Goldfinch and Harry
Goldfinch with having alienated his wife's
affections.
-Tubbs says that this trio told his wife
in spiritualistic communications that he
was not of the elect and that she should
be- divorced from him, for the spirits had
decreed that she and Joseph Goldfinch
should be mates. Acting upon this in
spiration Mrs. Tubbs left her husband.
Mrs. Tubbs was notified on v March 12,
says the complaint, that the conspirators
had received a communication from the
spirits, who said it was time that she
discontinued her relations with Tubba.
After an Interview with his wife Tubbs
agreed to a divorce and gave her the
Everett property and a half -interest in
the Los Angeles realty. Tubbs says he
discovered, that his wife was about to
marry Joseph Goldfinch, so he wants his
property returned to him. - - -\
SUCCUMBS TO JOY OVER
PEOSPECT OF FREEDOM
Folsom Convict Dies Suddenly on the
Eve of His Liberation From
Prison.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 9.— Joy at the
prospect of his early restoration to lib
erty is believed to, have caused the death
of O. "F. Gassaway, an aged prisoner in
Folsom Penitentiary. Gassaway had
served two f terms in the State prisons.
On December 15 he was sent from El
Dorado for four years on a. charge ! of
burglary. His brother was convicted of
complicity in the same crime and they
were) to have gained their liberty this,
morning. Death came suddenly to the
old man last night, however, before the
hour of his freedom dawned. The prison
officials say he had been partially para
lyzed and that the excitement consequent
upon his coming liberation had much to
do with his death.
It is said here that Gassaway had a
record as a 'stage robber near Nigger
Tent, Nevada County. He was a well
known character in the early history of
the State.
Sylva's Demurrer Overruled.
SAN r 'RAFAEE. Dec. 9.— The demurrer
interposed by Adolph Sylva of Sausalito
to the complaint of Joseph Harvey was
overruled this morning by Judge Angel
lotti and Sylva was '. given j ten days to
answer. Harvey, the poolroom man, com
menced a sensational suit against Sylva
some weeks ago, wherein he alleged that
Sylva was trying to defraud him out of
a large sum of money in connection with
the Sausalito Electric Company.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 9.— The United States
Supreme Court to-day took a recess until
January 6. , .
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. \
A DOUBTING THOMAS.
Had His Falling Hair Stopped, and
Dandruff Cured, Without Faith.
H. B. Fletcher, Butte, Mont., October
20, 1899. says: "Like many other people I
have been troubled for years with dan-
druff,, and within the last few months my
1 hair came out so badly that -I was com-
pelled to have what I had left clipped very
close. - A friend recommended Newbro's
Herpicide. I confess that I doubted his
story, but I gave Herpicide a trial; now
my hair is as thick as ever, and entirely
free from dandruff." "Destroy the cause,
you rempve the effect." At druggis,ts, $1.
Herpicide is a delightful hair dressing for
regular use. " ■ ." ■ ■
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERT EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE • SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
This Week Last of \ the Famous
POLLARD AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
First Production in This City.
"IN TOWN."
■ I ' -;s" rJ v -/'■' ' . - «
MONDAY, --Dec'' 16, The Favorite
TIVOLI COMIC OPERA COMPANY.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 5uc and 75c
' Telephone Bush 9.
EDER JAI
CENTRAL PARK,
: Market St., Near Eighth.
GAME TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
THE GREATEST OF ALL THE WORLD'S
GREATEST SPORTS.
A RED-HOT GAME MORE EXCITING
THAN BULL FIGHTING. AROUSES IN-
TENSE ENTHUSIASM.
• SPECIAL TOURNAMENT TO-DAY.
! .PRICES— 25 and 50 cento. ;
|i^ RAGING
"^TVSSSi^jJ*^ Every Week Day—
"^ - * * : Rafn on Shine* * . "
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
- Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with -. trains stopping ct tha entrance to : tha
track. : Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electrlo cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land.. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San \ Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrlo
cars so direct to > the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:16 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
.CHAS. F.- PRICE. Sfecy. and Met. : •
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riO^HHn O Admission lOc. :■■'
MME. CHARITY. MARTIN : G. v S. Wanrell ;
Mullaly Sisters; -: Chas.* Barrington ; Satnella;
Blanche' Reynolds; Kalacratus, - and Hlnncha'
Orchestra. Reserved seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SIGNAL STATION
NEAR ST. JOHNS
Wireless Telegraphy May
Prevent Wrecks in
the Future.
Marconi's Latest Establish
ment Locat9d at Scene of
Many Disasters. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOHNS. N. F. (via North Sydney,
B. C), Dec. 9.— Slgnor Marconi and his
assistants were occupied to-day in un
packing instruments and removing bal
loons and other material .to the Cabot
memorial tower. With the balloons there
are several cylinders of compressed gas
for inflating purposes.
Another visit, this time in company with
several. Government officials, was paid to
Signal Hill, and the question of a site
upon which to conduct wireless tele
graphy experiments -was thoroughly dis
cussed. Near the tower are some old
buildings which were in use years ago,
when St. Johns was fortified, and Marconi
finally decided on one of these, selecting
that nearest a large well of water. A lo
cal firm will prepare the ground by cov
ering it with sheets of zinc.
Marconi cabled on Saturday to Liver
pool and New York, asking for the sailing
dates of the Cunard and other mail
steamers, in order that he may know
when to expect them near the Grand
Banks, where' he hopes to enter into com
munication with them.
Signal Hill, where the first experiments
will be made, is 700 feet above the sea
level.
Marconi expresses his conviction that
the station which it is proposed to erect
near here will be one of the most lmpor
tnt In the world. The many wrecks which
have occurred In recent years in the vi
cinity of Cape Race might have been
avoided if it had been possible for ships to
communicate with the shore and ascer
tain their position.
The interest of Marconi in this connec
tion was first aroused by the publication
by the Marine and Fisheries Department
of Newfoundland of a chart showing
points along the coast where in the past
nearly eighty steamships and other ves
sels have come to grief. It is estimated
that 600 or more lives have been lost by
these dlsastera, and property to the value
of over $20,000,000 destroyed.
OSKAXOOSA, Iowa, Dec. 9.— Rev. A. A.
Johnson, colored pastor of the African M. K.
Church of this . city, was shot and seriously
wounded in his pulpit last night by a colored
girl, Anna Kelson. ;
AMUSEMENTS.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK..
MATINEE SATURDAY.
S. MILLER KENT,
PRESENTING 1
THE COWBOY AND THE LADY.
By CLYDE FITCH. Author of "Barbara
Frietchie," etc., etc.
New York Knickerbocker Theater Production.
NEXT— SUNDAY, Dec. 15,
THOMAS JBFFERRON,
Presenting on a Magnificent Scale
"RIP VAN WINKLE."
SEATS SALE THURSDAY.
yULUM_DflA IBUJMB1HEHM
AN IMMEDIATE HIT.
EVERY NIGHT (INCLUDING SUNDAY.)
MATINEE SATURDAY.
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON
De ANGELIS
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty,
A Royal Rogue.
By Chas. Klein and "Wm. T. Francis.
Presented by a SUPERB COMPANY.
A BILL THATJS A HUMMER!
Shenie Mathews, Norma Whalley,
Sam Marion and William McCart,
Flo Irwin and Walter Hawley,
Fred Niblo, Fraser Troupe, Du-
mond's Parisian Minstrels, Wer-
den and Shepherd, La Tortajada,
and the Bio graph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
\ MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
. To-night and Every Evening This Week,
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America's Greatest Emotional Actress, i
In Sardou's Great Play,
A Wife's Peril.
Made Famous by Lily Langtry.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 73c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week— MINNIE SELIGMAN In "DI-
PLOMACY."
BEMSCO *»* TfMUS^jrfm
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A BIG SUCCESS.
' Chas. E. Blancy's Comedy Drama,
TWJ |w «-»
ELECTRICIAN
An Electric Power-house in Full Operation.
THE SENSATION OF THE YEAR.
PIMf F^ Evenings............ lOc to 50c
riUvEJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 25c
Next Week— "MULDOON'S PICNIC."
aYH MAT R £%A$
BELASCO & THALL.. ................ .Managers
TO-NIGflT and All Week,
- ; The Successful Comedy
JR,"
Presented . by , the
EXCELLING , ALCAZAR STOCK CO.
. : ; Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats: on sale six days in advance.
PRICES-rlSc, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
NEXT— "THE GAY MR. LIGHTFOOT."
BIENNiAL STATEMENT
The Hibernia Savings £ Loan Society
MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH AN ACT
of the State Legislature, passed March 23,
1S93. and hereto annexed, to wit:
The People of the State of California, rep-
resented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section L The Cashier qr Secretary of every
Savings Bank. Savings and Loan Society and
every institution in which deposits of money
are made and interest paid thereon, shall,
within fifteen days after the 1st day of De-
cember. In the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-three, and within fifteen days of
the 1st day of December of each and every
second succeeding year thereafter, return to
the Board of Bank Commissioners a sworn
statement, showing the amount standing to his
credit, the last known place of residence or
pestofflce address, and the fact of death. If
known to said Cashier or Secretary, of every
depositor who shall not have made a deposit
therein or withdrawn therefrom any part of
his deposit, or any part of the Interest thereon,
for the period of more than ten years next
preceding; and the Cashiers and Secretaries ot
such Savings Banks. Savings and Loan Socie-
ties and institutions for deposit of savings
shall give notice of these deposits in one or
more newspapers published in or nearest to
the city, city and county or town where such
banks are situated at least once a week for
four successive weeks, the cost of such pub-
lications to be paid pro rata out of said un-
claimed deposits- provided, however, that this
act shall not apply to or affect the deposit '
made by or in the name of any person known
to the said Cashier or Secretary to be living,
any deposit which, wtth the accumulations
thereon, shall be less than fifty dollars.
Section 2. The Board of Bank Commissioners
shall incorporate In their subsequent report
each return which shall have been made to
them, as provided In Section 1 of this Act.
Section 3. Any Cashier or Secretary of either
of the banking institutions mentioned in Sec-
tion 1 of this Act neglecting or refusing to
make the sworn statement required by said
Section 1 shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
In accordance with the foregoing the follow-
ing ' statement is submitted, as appears from
our books at close of business on the 6th day
of December, A. D. 1901, to wit:
Name— Address. Amount.
Aguiar. Laura G 417 Pacific st..
, S. F *112 Tl
Anderson, Bernhard.... North Pacific
Hotel, corner
Jackson and
Drumm sts.
S. F..... 324 M
Barrett. Milton Bodie, Cal 355 SS
Bettencurte. Manuel de
S ....................... 418 Drumm St..
S. F 51 8S
Brady, P. P San Francisco,
"'; V Cal 271 50
Bryson, Mary 223 Beala st.,
S. F 110 81
Buckley, Michael Mendocino, Cal 313 04
Burke, Ann 223 Sixth St.. S.
F 55 80
Callahan, Jerry Western Hotel.
Broadway st.,
s. f n 09
Cardenoa. Jennie Menlo Park,
San Mateo,
Cal 53 05
Cavanagh. John 744 Mission St..
S. F 1,136 S3
Clark, Bridget..... San Francisco,
Cal SOU
Corbett. Richard... Tucson, Ari-
zona Terri-
tory 5,433 30
Daly, Bridget A San Francisco,
Cal 52 90
Daly, Maria... ....San Francisco,
Cal 63 93
Delaney. Stephen San Francisco,
Cal 199 40
Doherty. Mary ..»San Jose, Cal. 10O 11
Donahue. J. Mervyn...San Rafael. Cal 999 60
Donovan, John. ......... 419 Stevenson
St., S. F 641 18
Dunn, Alice 1S24 Eddy st.,
S. F 1,059 64
Dunsf ord, John. Howard st. , bet.
. 5th and 6th,
S. F 88 04
Edwards, Thomas M..San Mateo, Cal 75 30
Ericson, August. 228 Pacific St.,
S. F 137 93
Foster, Jamea W Care Frank
Wickh am?
S. W.. Aus-
tralia 179 «
Gainey. Elizabeth M...141 4th «t., S. F 56 03
Graham. James Truckee, Cal.. 397 28
Green, Mary Eureka. Nev.. 372 25
Herod. George 33 2d st.. S. F. 63 09
Hession, Patrick 16 Natoma St.,
S. F 1,232 13
Higglns, Owen C Lime Point.Cal 151 94
Hogan, Thomas Steamer Peli-
can 119 10
Hubert, N San Francisco,
Ingemanson, Jons 238 Isteuart'st'! M °
Kuster. Anna B Brooklyn,"" Call 574 33
Lawlor, Thomas.. ...... -American Ex-
change Ho-
Lynch, Cornelius 928 13th st.. *S*.
F . . . ' 78 62
Manchen. Ella 318 Kearny'stL!
S F . 239 49
Matthews, John Wideway East
Mellor. Henry a^S& g ™ ?
S F . 172 C9
Moloney. Michael Humboldt "Hoi
tel. 13th st..
near Mission
st., S. F 162 3g
Moony, Mary Ann 632 Natoma st
S. F 1,376 33
Muir, Mary or David San Jose, Cal. 57 07
Muir ...................
Mulholland, James ....4th & Towns-
end sts., 8.
F j jg>> 21
Murphy. Thomas Portland,. Or., l! 045 02
McCauley. Henry Egan Canon.
Nev « 35
McGauley. Stephen ...416 Tehama st.,
S. F. 143 3s
McGrath, Bridget 35 Folsom st.,
S. F. .'. 507 53
McKeand. Alex "New Atlantic
Hotel," 207
Montgomery
ave., S. F.... 173 90
McKlnnon, M. C Volcano. Ama-
dor Co., Cal. • 2 477 07
McQuald. Kata 152 Mnna st
S. F. ." 7 8 24
McTimpany. John .....117 Drumm st.,
Norton, Thomas tO2l Mission ; st.,"
S. F. 13"> «
O'Brien, Denis , Point Reyes,
Cal i«« i a
O'Connor. Maria ......»15 Mission st..
S. F 134 17
Olsen, Andrew » 13 Jackson st.
■:-.~. •■-•■ S. F. 2DS78
O'Neill, Ann IS Clara st..
S, F. 499 01
O'Nell. Mary Alataeda Point.
Cil 7« »•
O'Reilly. Elizabeth 741 Harrison
St., S. F 102 8S
O'Reilly. Farrell J 741 Harrison
* f 7 : St.. S F a 40
Pevide. Antonio da ;
Costa .....315 Drumm st.,
S. F 948 u
Plover, Patrick San Francis-
co. Cal. as 33
Was hington
Raynor, Henry square. West
- ; ,-" End. S. F... 51 51
Reilly, John Fort McDer-
mitt, Nev.... 260 03
RIchter. Otto 23 Turk st.
S. F. 53 45 ■
Samuelson. Edwin ....15 Howard St.,
_ ' S. F 3S7 27
Sheehan. John 315 Bryant St..
S. F. .-. 163 si
Sllvera, Manuel L 118 Jackson st.,
S. F 843 18
Stempel, Edward 316 Fulton St.,
S. F 332 98
Sullivan. Patrick 12 8th st.. S. F 72 91
Sullivan, Timothy San Francis-
co. Cal 333 9s
Thlngler, Janet te San Francis-
.. co, Cal ;j £
Tucker, Tecla T.; guar-
dian of Augustus -.•.">:,.
Temple (a minor).... 14 Dupont St.,
S. F. 610 Ct
Turley, Catherine Care Mrs.
Doyle. 27th St..
S. F. 2S0 38
Whippey, George F.... Salt Lake
City, Utah.. 9S2 63
Total .$31,220 05
State of California,
City and County of San Francisco— ss.
I do solemnly swear that I have a personal
knowledge of the matters contained in the
foregoing statement, and that every allegation,
statement, matter and thing therein contained
is true, to the best of my knowledge and belief.
ROBERT J. TOB1N. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th
day of December. 190L GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary Public in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California,
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one Bide of these magnificent
hotels lathe wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts ot
the city— depots, ferries and parks—
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
. . ■ ■ ■• ■- ■■ /
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Coffee in light stock and finnly held.
Bacon and Lard advanced i-2c. Hams unchanged
Wheat and Barley continue very firm.
Oats strong, Corn dull and Rye firmly held.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Hcaz'x demand for Michigan Beans at Chicago.
Large lines of river Potatoes bought up for speculation.
Onions zeeakcr. Vegetables about as before.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about the same.
Three cars of Western Poultry arrived.
Oranges continue in excessive supply.
Grapes and Figs about out for the season. •
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Hogs, Cattle and Sheep as before quoted.
Sterling Exchange, Silver and Mexican dollars all [lower
Continued decline in Nails in Eastern markets.
Local stocks and bonds featureless.
Dried Fruits in Nezu York.
Kail advices from New York say: "Demand
for currants Is quite active and there is more
inquiry for round lots, principally from the
West. The spot market continues very firm
et C^Wc for Amalias in barrels and 7%c for
cleaned in cartons. The Greek market is high
er, cables reporting an advance of about 6d.
Ftps are strong at the higher range and de
mand is excellent. Layers of good quality arc
hard to set under 9@9%c. Dates are in fair
request at unchanged quotations. Malaga dus
ter raisins are scarce and in active demand.
Valencia layers continue flrmly held at 7@7Uc,
according to quality. California loose musca
tels are quiet. Local seeded sell well at "c
for choice and 7^4c for fancy; coast seeded
at 7c for choice and 7',iS7V6c for fancy. Cal
ifornia layers are still in very light supply.
Evaporated apples are quiet.. Choice and fancy
are h«ld rather firm, but prime and low grade
are dull and easy. Small fruits are quiet. .
"'Prunes are firm on the coast at from a
3c to a ZMfi basis for Santa Claras, new crop.
Outside coode are held mostly at a 2\c basis,
though some offerings are reported at less. Old
prunes are ottered at a t\c basis for all sizes
of Santa Clara, except 40-50g and 90-100s.
"A prominent oacker of prunes at San Jose.
Cal.. wired a broker here to-day declining
orders for new crop Santa Clara fruit on a
2=i«c tour-tize basis, and reporting 3c as ab
solutely the bottom figure. It is stated in
coa?t advices that the quantity of new fruit
still available is very limited and that fully
75 i>er cent of the entire new crop has been
moved out of the State. So far as can be
learned the new crop of Santa Clara is now
reduced to a point where nothing is avail
able at any price outside of two sizes, namely,
40-uOs and 50-COs. Some packers hold these
sixes on the S! 4 c four-size basis f. o. b. in
bacs."
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec 9—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
laft season and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations— . 2t hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.84 15.87 15.41
Red Bluff 0.04 8.66 6.74
Sacramento 0.00 6.98 6.34
San Francisco Trace 5.80 5.85
Fresno 0.00 ' 2.17 6.10
Independence O.OO 1.34 2.18
San Luis Obispo 0.00 4.56 9.94
Los Angeles 0.00 2.46 6.79
San Diego ."0.00 0.76 1.73
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
66; minimum, 47; mean. 52.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston, 42-34; Cincinnati, 56-36; Washington,
46-26; Jacksonville, C8-5S; Kansas City. 32-24;
New York, 40-3S; Omaha. 22-22; Duluth. 26-18;
Bait Lake City. 46-32; Chicago. 38-2S; St. Louis.
£0-26; Philadelphia, 40-26.
THE COAST RECORD.
1 r*n*i *i ' i
STATIONS. 3 Sp!a£| »l I
• : • : : P
Astoria 30.04 48 42 W Cloudy .48
Baker 30.08 34 30 N Pt-Cldy .34
Carson 29.84 E2 40 W Pt-Cldy T
Eureka 30.16 E2 44 N Clear .84
Fresno 30.06 66 38 NW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 30.22 12 14 W . Cloudy .CO
Pocatello. Idaho. ..29.82 38 30 SW Cloudy .11
Independence 29.96 64 SO S Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles 29.94 74 E2 W Pt.Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.88 72 32 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.08 48 42 S Rain .36
Red Bluff 29.86 62 40 SW Cloudy .04
Roseburg 30.14 66 46 NE Pt.Cldy 96
Sacramento....^...30.06 62 42 EE Cloudy 00
Salt Lake 30.00 44 32 SE Cloudy .02
San Francisco 30.10 66 48 W Cloudy T
San Luis Obispo.. .30.04 64 60 N Pt-Cldy .00
£an Diego 29.94 74 46 NW PtXldy .03
Seattle 30.04 46 40 SE Rain .32
Spokane 30.02 36 34 NW Cloudy .04
£?8hBay 23.96 44 .36 SE Cloudy .39
Walla Walla 30.04 46 34 S Cloudy .62
■\Vinnenxucca 23.96 44 28 SW Cloudy .04
Yuxna 29.82 TO 38 N Clear 00
Temperature, 7 a. m.— 48 degrees,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over California, Utah
end Nevada. The disturbance over Idaho has
apparently retroceded to the southwest and Ifi
causing unsettled weather with light rains and
snews and high southwest winds over Nevada
ind Eastern California. At Carson City a
maximum wind velocity of 42 miles per hour
from the southwest is reported
The temoerature has fallen from 2 to 10 de
grees along the coast. Rain has fallen over
Central and Northern California in moderate
amounts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 10 1S01-
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
feather Tuesday, clearing in northern portion
In the afternoon; light northwest winds
Southern^ California-Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuetday. possibly ghowers; fresh
•southerly winds.
rt«. W t^r C i 1 . OX L'! y **!* unsettle <l weather Tues-
wild 1 raln or saow: cooier: bri8k
San Francisco and vicinity-Cloudy and un
settled weather Tuesday, probably clearing dur
ing the day; brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market
NEW YORK. Dec. 9.-There was a lively
shaking out of speculative long accounts in
stocks to-day, accompanied by a threatening
break in prices, which caused some alarm dur
ing the early hours of the day. In the after
noon there was a sudden about-face In specu
lative i*nUment. and a disorderly scrambuTin
sued among the bears to cover their short con
tracts. Amalgamated Copper continued to
m-iintain its conspicuous position, even with
the inci-ease in animation in the market to
day. The opening sales carried the stock back
1% to 60. and this proved the low level of the
dfcy. b'.u the demand dropped off as often as
the «tock approached Saturday's level, al
though determined support. was always offered
as it neared «S. The bears became alarmed at
the action of the stock, and In the last hour
rushed the price up to 71 in their frantic bid
ding aeainst each other. The final price was
but a ehade lower. The support offered to cop
per at the opening break prompted supporting
orders elsewhere, and the market steadied mo
mentarily, quite a iust of important stocks
rinlrs: & fraction over Saturday. . With a rise
in the call loan rate to 7 per cent. howe\-er
epeculatom took . fright and unloaded stock*
Prices eenerally touched the low point of the
day on this slump. &lth0ueh individual stocks
were forced down under subsequent attacks
carrying the whole market with them back to
about the . low level several times. St. Paul
was notably weak end fell 2% under Saturday.
Manhattan was also vigorously attacked' and
driven 2\i under Saturday. There was a good
deal of calling of ■ loans, but in seeking: new
accommodations borrower* bid the rate up up
on themselves to a higher rate than was j»ec
fssary. Judzing from subsequent developments.
The rulinc NUi were 6 per cent, or even 6V-,
and there seemed ample supply at thet figure
The perception of this fact emerged about the
•uie time that Amalgamated Copper began iu
rally. From a general level of a point or more
b»uow Saturdays prices the morKet be«tan to
move upward and sained momentum. There
wae a flight reaction before the close, but the
advance was renewed, making the closing ac
tive and strong at about the best. The Gould
railroed, Manhattan. New York Central,
Sugar, Pacillc Mail and General Electric were
all prominent in the rally, and the day closed
with net gains except in a lew instances. Tne
activity in the call loan market was reflected
In the sharp \ decline in , foreign exchange,
! which precluded all idea o£ gold exports for
• the present. Money was reported easier in
j London, Berlin and Paris to-day.
Railroad bonds weakened in sympathy with
1 stocks, but became irregular later. Wabash
debentures - gained nearly. 2 per cent. Total
bales (par value), $5.1S5,O0O.
\ United States bonus were all unchanged on
■ the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales High Low Close
Atchison 35.700 77% 76 77Vi
Atchison pfd 14,900 99% 9S% S-9VS
Baltimore & Ohio 3,400 102% 101% 102Vi
Baltimore & Ohio pfd S3V*
Canadian Pacific 5.400 113 112 . 112%
Canada Southern 1,900 8414 83 S4V»
Chesapeake &. Ohio ..... 6,400 47 45% 46*-i
Chicago & Alton L400 35 33% 35
Chicago & Alton pfd .. 700 77% 77 77^
Chicago. Ind & Louis .. 2,100 45% 45% 46
Chi, Ind & L pfd 500 744 74% 74\i
Chicago & Eastern 111 137&
Chi & Great West 4,100 23*4 22»4 22%
Chi &. Great W A pfd... 300 87 86% 86V»
Chi & Great W B pfd... 800 44 41 41V4
Chicago & Northwest... 400 207 201 206
Chicago. R I & Pac 6,000 UShi 146 14SVi
Chicago Ter & Trans.. 9C0 13^4 15 15
Chicago T & T pfd 2.0C0 30% 29 29%
C. C. C & St Louis 1.500 9f>%. 96% 9!>Vl
Colorado Southern 3.4C0 13% 13H 13%
Colo South 1st pfd 900 57 &6% 56 V-
Colo South 2d pfd 25H
Delaware & Hudson 4,200 171 168 170
Dela Lack & Western... - 700 Z41 240 2«%
Denver & Rio Grande... 300 44^ 44 44%
Denver & R G pfd 1,400 92% 91% S2-/4
Erie 34,800 4»?i 39% 40^
Erie 1st pfd 3.700 71% 70% 71%
Erie 2d pfd.. 2.000 56V4 55% 56>A
Great Northern- pfd 4,300 185% 1S3% 185%
Hocking Valley L60Q 62 60% 61%
Hocking Valley prd 500 81 80% 81
Illinois Central 2,400 137% 136 137
Iowa Central 400 37% 37 37
Iowa Central pfd 100 72 72 72
Lake Erie & Western... 300 67% 65U 67
Lake Erie & W pfd * 125
Louisville & Nashville6. 10,100 106% 105% 106%
Manhattan L 101,200 137% 133% Uo%,
Metropolitan St Ry S.400 161% 158% 160%
Mexican Central 2,200 22% 22 22Vi
Mexican National " 600 14 13% 14'
Minneapolis & St. L.... 1,300 107% 105 107«4
Missouri Pacific 42,200 104% lul% 1U4:*.
Missouri, K T 900 25% 24% 25%
Missouri, K & T pfd 1.40U 50% 49% 50%
New Jersey Central 176
New York Central 20,900 166 1€3',4 165%
Norfolk & Western 8,400 57% 56% 57«4
Norfolk & West pfd.... 500 Sl% si% 91 '
Northern Pacific ptd.... 1.C0O 100% 100% 100%
Ontario & Western 12,500 34 33% 33%
Pennsylvania 46,900 148% 147»i 14S%
Reading 33,400 48% 47% 48%
Reading 1st pfd 6,100 79% 78% 7S%
Reading 2d pfd lS.SOO 5S% 56% 57%
St Louis & SS F -3,400 52% 51>i 52
St Louis & S F 1st pfd.. SCO 81 80% 81
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. L100 70% 69% 70%
St Louis Southwestern. 100 27% 27% 27>,i
St Louis Southw pfd... 2.300 58% 58 59
it piui pfd:::::::::::::: :<:!?? 16334 161 * iff
Southern Pacific 32,500 69% 58% 59%
Southern Railway 29,900 32% 32 32%
Southern Railway pfd.. 8,400 9a 90% Sl%
Texas & Pacific 3,3$) 40 33% 39%
Toledo, St L & West.... 200 19% 19 19
Toledo, St L & W pfd.. 100 32% 32% 32%
Lnion Pacific 72,800 lw% ss% ioo£
Union Pacific pfd 6,200 89 88 88%
Wabash 7.000 23 2M4 2-2fc
Wabash pfd 18300 42% 40% «£
Wheeling & Lake Erie 900 18% 18 18
Wheel ALEM pfd... ICO 29 29 28%
Wisconsin Central 400 20% 20% 20
Wisconsin Central pfd. 1,400 41 40 40%
Express companies—
Adams 150
American 100 200% 2C0% 197
United States RS
Wells-Kargo ....: I " "" X |S
Miscellaneous— .... isu
Amalgamated Copper... 195, 700 71 65 70%
Am Car & Foundry.... 3,200 29% 28% 29%
Am Car & Foundry. pfd 900 85% 85 85$
Am Linseed Oil „ 17
Am Linseed Oil pfd 43
Am Smelting & Refln.. 4.100 44% 42% 43%
Am Smelt & Refln ptd.. 1,200 97 96 96%
Anaconda Mining Co... 9,100 31% 2S% 31%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 14,100 63% 61% 63
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 1,400 89% 89 89
Consolidated Gas L7C0 214% 214 210%
General Electric 1,500 281% 279 281
Glucote Sugar • 900 39% 39 39
Hocking Coal 700 15% 15 . 15%
International Paper 1.C00 20% 20% 2o4
International Pap pfd.. 200 76% 76% 76'^
International Power gS
Laclede Gas """" 90
National Biscuit 800 43% «" 43%
National Lead 1,600 17% 17 17
National Bait pfd .... .... £2
North American 700 9**4 8l4w v
Pacific Coast 200 75 73% 7414
Pacific Mail. : 700 46 4» 45
People's Gas 5,900 99 ,97% 98%
Pressed. Steel Car 800 41% 41 4U?
Pressed Steel Car pfd u
Pullman Palace Car 200 215 215" 214
Republic Steel 1,000 I5«i 15 ,£»/
Republic Steel pfd 1,000 69 68 69?k
Sugar 19.800 122 119% 121%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 3,400 63% 6i% 62'£
Union Bag & Paper Co. ..!.. . " * u
Union Bag & P Co pfd """ 721
United States Leather.. 2,700 11% . iiil -nii
United States Leath pfd 1,600 81% 81>4 8ivt
United States Rubber.. 100 15 15 J5
United States Rub pfd. 500 51«i SOU 10U
United States Steel 60,400 41% 40% 4i£
United States Steel pfd 22,300 91% 90% ' 9i£
Western Union 2,200 91% 90% 91%
Am Locomotive 4,600 32% 30% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd.... 700 89 88 88%
Total sales 1,028,300
CLOSING BONDS.
U r? r » f r «*----108Vs L & N unified 4s.lO2?i
Do 2s, coupon..l09 Mex Central 4s.... 82
£ »s. reg 108% Do let inc .... 30%
Do 3s. coupon.... 108% Minn & St L 4s 103
Do new 4s. reg..U33% M. K & Tex 4s... 98%
Do new 4a. coup. 139 '4 Do 2da 8i3
Do old 4b. reg. ..111% NY Cent 1st .'.1I106
Do old 4s, coup.. 112% Do gen 3%s 109%
. Do 5s, res 107% N J C, gen 5s ....131%
I Do 5s, coupon.. ..107% Nor Pacific 4a ....105%
Atch gen 4* 103 ■ Do 2s .:.. 7*2
Hj adj 4s 94 N & W con 4s ...!lO2%
Bal & Ohio 4s ....103 Read Gen 4s ...... .99%
go 3%s 96% S t & I M con 5s.ll6%
Do conv 4m ......104 St^L & San F 4s. 98
Can So 2ds .;....1O3% St Louis & So lsts 96%
Central of Ga 5s.. 106% Do 2d« .79%
Do list inc 75% S A & A Pass 4s.. 89^
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 107 So Pac 4a wii
Chi & Alton 3%s.. 85% So Ry Ea *i2oit
C. B & Q new 4s. 98 TeX & Pac lsts.... 118%
CM & S P gn 4B.1US T, St L & W 4s 81
Chi & N con 7s. -.139 Union Pacific 4o.ill06'i
Chi, R I A Pac 45.107 Do conv 4s lfvii
C.C.C & S L gn <s.103% Wabash Ists ! nsu
Chi Term 4« 89 Do2ds .. niu
Colo & So U ..... 89 Do debB .'.'.'." 65%
Den & II G 4s.. ..103% Wert Shore 4s 114
Erie. prior Uen 4s. 100 W & L Erie 4s ' 5iv
Do ten 4* 89% WIs Cent 4s "" Iom
F W.& D C lsts.104% Con Tobacco 4s"" 63
Hock Valley 4%s.. 108% " ra
MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con ....... \V) Uttle Chief ... ' 1?
Alice 4* Ontario " o on
Breece ;. 15 Ophir S
Brunswick Con...' 7K Phoenix "" n«
Com Tunnel .....: <;S Potosi .. "** • Jlf
Con Cal & Va..... 1 BO Savage ..." ' ni
Dead wood Terra... 5u Sierra Nevada"'" /o«
Horn Silver ...... 1 60 Small Hopes .... 'io
Iron Silver ........ 60 Standard s«
Leadville Con ..... 05 °, lanaara — * 75
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
• Money— . . Do prefd- [. 911/
Call loan* ...4«£S5 Westing Com .. 73
Time loans 4%<g5 Mininy—
Bonfij— .. . Adventure 18U
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez iu
Mex Cent 4s ...... 80 Amal Copper .... 70%
N E Gas & Coke.. 57 Baltic ..........:" 41^
Railroads— Bingham ..27
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, ! TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10,1901.
Atchison 77<4 Calumet & Hecla.645
Do prefd" S9)i, Centennial 15%
Boston & Albany.2f.C Copper Range 59
Boston & Maine. .183',4 Dom Ccr.l 46>4
Boston Elev 167 Franklin .14%
N Y, N H & H..212 Isle Royale 21
Fltchburg prefd.-..142';, Mohawk 37
Lnion Pacific 100 I Old Dominion .... 24%
Mex Centra! U^IParrot .*.. 31V4
Miscellaneous— Quincy 150
Amer Sucar' 121%|Santa Fe Copper.. 3>i
Amer Tel fe- Tel.. 160% Tamaraok 255
Dom Iron & steel. 24% Trimountain 39
Gen Electric 281 Trinity 14^4
Mass Electric .... 31 ', United States ..... 14Vi
.Do prefd 9S^IUtah 20
N E Gas & Coke.. 5 Victoria ..; 5^4
United ■ Fruit .... 90 Winona 2
U S Steel 41H 1 Wolverine 55
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— Money on call, firm
at 5@7 per cent; last loan, 5^4 per cent; ruling
rate. 6 per ' cent.
Prime mercantile paper— 4%fff5 per cent.
Sterling exchange was steady at decline,
with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 S6'/4 for demand and at J4 83%@4 83% for
sixty days.
Posted rates— $4 86V&&4 87 and $4 SS@4 S8V&.
Commercial bills— $4 83@4 S3V4-
Bar silver^ — 54»jc.
Mexican dollars— 43&c.
Bondc— Governments, steady:* States, inac
tive; railroads, irregular.
Condition of. the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: . Available cash bal
ances, $172,383,499; gold, $113,201,920.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegVam says: .
The stock market to-day was weak, being
dominated by copper, which opened 10s down,
although closing unchanged at £55 per- ton.
American stocks opened heavy on this slump
in copper, but rallied around midday on a
recovery in Rio Tlntos, which advanced from
41 to 42%. New York failed to support the
rise and the close was flat, with a further
break in the street. Prices ended about half
a point above the worst. London is inclined
to fear that America ie facing a money squeeze
at the end of the year. Predictions regarding
the. next Amalgamated Copper dividend place
it all the way from nothing to 1 per cent. Paris
is developing strength after the long weakness^
Gold recovered to 77s 2%d on Austrian buy
in?. ,
Silwr is flat on New York sales, and there
is a fall In price of the metal fn India.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec. 9.— Anaconda, 6%: Atchison,
78%; do preferred, 101%; Canadian Pacific, 116;
Denver and Rio • Grande, 44%; do preferred,
95%; Northern Pacific preferred, 103; Southern
Pacific. 60%; Union Pacific, 102%; do preferred,
91; Rand Mines, 103. Bar silver, flat; 25%d per
ounce. Money, 2%@3 per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW 'YORK, Dec. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,483 packages; exports, 23.8S0 barrels; fairly
active and stronger. Winter patents, $3 90®
4 25; winter extras, $2 80@3 15. ' . \
WHEAT— Receipts, 45,000 bushels; export3,
80,240 bushels; spot, strong. No. 2 red," fc»!»c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, S7 1 ,ic elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, SS%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duiulh, 95%c f. o. ■ b. afloat. Options
opened easy and fjirther declined when unsat
isfactory cables, rains In* the West and free
long and short selling were reported. Later
the market had a vigorous rally accompanied
by heavy covering and reported new high rec
ords for the crop. Closed strong and liic over
Saturday's curb close. March, . 87%@S£i%c,
closed *S%c; May, 86%©8S%c, closed 88%c; De
cember, $4 7-16@S6%c, closed Sti%c.
HOPS— Steady. . : .
HIDES— Steady. ' f» {?•;' i I ;
WOOL— Quiet. .', " • * *
COFFEE— Spot Rio. No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild; steady. Cordova, 7%@llc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair reflning, 3 9-32c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar,
3 3-32c: refined, steady. .
■ COFFEE — Futures closed ■ net unchanged to
5 points higher. Total sales to-day were 23,000
bags, including: December, 6.55c; March, 6.75
@6.80c; May. 6.90<@6.95c; July, 7.C5@7.10c; Sep
tember, 7.25@7.30c. • .
BUTTEJl— Receipts, 6100 packages; firm.
Dairy, 15@25%c; creamery, lC<g25%c; June
creamery,- lS(g22c; factory, 12%@15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 45C0 packages; steady. West
ern at mark, 26c.
dried FRurra
Trading In evaporated apples was moderately
active, particularly for choice and fancy grades,
at fully former prices. The feeling was gen
erally steady. State common to good, 6@i>%c;
prime, 9@9%c; choice, 9%@9%c; fancy, 10@10%c.
California dried fruits were inactive, but
nominally steady.
PRUNES-3%@7c
APRICOTS— Royal. 10@14c; Moorpark, 9%3>
13c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 12@19c; unpeeled, 7@10%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. ■ 9.— Over-confidence among
the bears in the grain pits brought crlef to
many shorts to-day. Liquidation for profits
and short selling: brought a tremendous vol
ume of business, but the low prices which fol
lowed these weakening ! influences were . too
tempting to the big public and amid scenes of
the wildest confusion wheat was sent up to a
new crop record Drlce.
Wheat sold in great quantities at the open
ing. Conditions had changed; there was not
the same general clamor for the cereal from
the "country and there' was a " nervous feeling
resultant Irom the tumble of prices in Wall
street. In general there was an inducement
for people with high priced lines to take good
profits. Big houses with connections in .New
York, the Northwest and St. Louis were heavy
sellers, and Patten is reported to have un
loaded 1,000,000 bushels of wheat. As the mar
kets weakened in price they were met with a
renewal of outside buying, which was in such
bulk that.it could hardly have come from
scattered outsiders. Some of the persistent
bulls continued buying, and even at the top
prices at the opening thought the bargain a
good one. Conditions that usually govern wure
somewhat mixed. Cables were . not quite as
responsive as expected. Though the English
country markets were reported very strong
Northwestern receipts were falling off, but pri
mary receipts , showed a. good gain. 'The in
creases in breadstuffs on passage and in the
visible supply also were bearish factors. With
all these influences to abet the selling pressure
prices fell off badly. May options, which opened
%@%c higher to %@V4c lower at 82%@82Uc
steadily fell to 81%a Shorts were Jubilant and
rushed to put on more pressure. Then came
the- reaction -with the force of a whirlwind
Buying orders sprang up all around . and it
became woefully apparent that the market was
heavily oversold. In twenty minutes the price
for May was up again to 83%c, a new • crop
record. The close was very strong, %c above
Saturday,- at 83%©83V4c a
Corn started strong because of the snow- and
rain, which, it was thought, might hinder
farmers deliveries. Heavy profit-taking- how
ever, made itself felt in a weakening of prices
Increased Western offerings and the slump iii
wheat caused a • further decline until May
touched 67%c. Wheat strength, however came
to the rescue Just before the end of the ses-
aM^Hc.^ " P tO * 8t<5ady : ClOse '
After an opening at about steady prices oats
suffered a material loss ' under early heavy
liquidation from several of the most prominent
professionals. Prices were off at one time l%c
, below Saturday's close. When the strength In
wheat became manifest oats followed closing
comparatively firm, %c lower, at 46%c
Provisions were "rather heavy early 'affected
by the downward tendency in grains.'- On the
revival of the wheat strength,' however prices
responded. January pork closed 5c up - lard
5c higher and ribs unchanged. '
The leading futures ranged as follows:
mStWi- open - Higtu - 1 ---: ..<??-•
December 78" 79U '- ' 77U 70
May -82T4 . 83% glS ■ ' 83V,
J1 coVn^-^— " 82V4 mi ■:■««•:;&
Jl oatsNo:- 2 --- "-."*■ •■■?'* «*.--S8
December 46% • . 46% 4514 ', 45?!
May ..;: • 47% 47% 46 4%,
July' ......: 42Vi 42V5 • 40tf : - Jut
Mess Pork, pep bbl— ; - *
January ............16 87 ' 16 95 16 70 16 90
May ..............17 20 ' 17 37 17 12 1? i|
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January ....9 80 ' 9 90 ' 9 72 ; 9 85
May. ....:...'...'...'.. 9 85 992 980 V 9 90 -
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ;
January ...8 50 8 55 8 42 ; 8 55
May .870. 877 860 8 72
Cash 'quotations -were as follows: -■ ., -
Flour,- steady; No. 3; spring wheat,- 75@76' / 4c-
Noi 2 red, 84c;, No." 2 yellow corn, 68V4cpNo-2
oat*, 47@47%c: No.- 2 white, 48%@49Vic; , No'- 3
white, 48%@49>4c; No. 2 rye. 64c; fair to 'choice
malting barley. 68%(g63c:'No.;i flax seed, $1 44-
No. 1 northwestern, $1'45; prime timothy seed,
STOCKS OE FLOUR: AND GRAIN.
REGULAR SEMI-ANNUAL STATEMENT : OF THE PRODUCE EXCHANGE.- ■ '" " ' J
,The San Francisco Produce Exchange has issued the following report of flour and grain remaining in the State of California on De
cember l, 1901: ..■,. /„■ ' • . . . . ■ ' ■ m
"' ~~.- '. ■ ■ ■'• " ■• "~~ ~~ ' ', ■ . ' Flour Wheat Barley Oata Beans Ry«
■ . ' ■ ■■..-.'. - : . . ' Bbls. - Ctls. Ctls. Ctls. Sacks. Ctls.
San Francisco warehouses and mills, including grain and flour afloat in harbor and •-•..-- • „„' -_ -~,
in transit. 27,000 ~ 293,660 209,560 160,000 143,59a 12.920
Sonoma, Solano, Yolo, Colusa and Glenn counties :........ 23,050 2,458,180 665,830 lo.otW 1.303 -
Sacramento, Yuba, Sutter, Placer and Tehama counties ....■..:.............:.. 10 827 "* -.1,503,220 158,680 12,940 4,112 zo
Contra Costa and Alameda counties. i,000 1.444,900 1,021,500 9,200 ,i?'?Zn
San Joaquln, Stanislaus, Merced, .Fresno. Madera, Tulare, Kings and Kern counties. 53 652 3 805 660 769,200 8,420 18,141 13»,4bU
San Mateo. Santa Clara, San Benito, Santa Cruz, Monterey and San Luis Oblspo ■ .'-•■ ■ ' -. _-„
counties ......' ..;....... 16,061 1.414,160 1.157.0S0 79,560 37,283 1.760
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernardino, Riverside and San
Diego counties ■ 9,137 736,900 483,400 1S.840 272,440 • 4,740
Totals ..' ..*.... .'. I 140,747 12,023,680 4,467,300 304,520 476,874 168,480
: " ' - ■ .■-.'•••■• COMPARATIVE STATEMENT. ' ■ ':*- ■'-;-.
. • . . . - .- , * - Flour Wheat ■ Barley Oats Beans Corn- . Rye
, ' ' , Bbls. • Ctls. Ctls. ; Ctls. Sacks. Ctls. Ctls.
1901— June 1.. 174,777 3,746,820 746,220 43,580 118,000 13,820 80,260
390O— December 1... 144,108 12,401,980" 3.893,840 20O.2S0 243,034 • 151.040
June 1 ..:.. : 95,090 8,367,840 ) 2,108,520 147.980 114,088 28.780 54.240
1S99— December 1 112,136 , 15,998.280 \ . 4,778,880 235 700 268.117 54.140
(6 40@6 50; mess pork, per bbl, $15 90@16 00;
lard, per 100 lbs, ?9 S2%@9 85; short ribs sides
(loose), $8 45@8 60; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
7Vi@7i£c; short clear sides (boxed). $8 90@9 CO;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32; clover, con
tract grade, $9 35.
Articles — . , Receipts. Shipmts.
Flour, bbls.. ......; 34,000 22,000
Wheat, bu 115,000 12,000
Corn,- bu. ...;... 155,000 60,000
Oats, bu 305,000 172,000
Rye, bu 12,000 2,000
Barley, bu...; 211,000 13,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14@24%c; dairies.
13@20c; cheese, steady, DUSlO^c; eggs, firm,
fresh, 24@25c.
Foreign Futures.
' LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • March. May.
Opening 6 2% « 3%
Closing .6 2% 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. -Mar. -June.
Opening 22 50 23 15
Closing 22 40 23 15 /
Flour— - ./
Opening 27 85 29 20
Closing 27 SO 29 15
. Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— Two important points
were brought out in the metal markets to-day.
One was the sharp advance of 15 points in the
price of spelter at New York to $4 45 bid, as a
result of reports that the spelter interests of
the country had been absorbed by the trust.
London closed unchanged at £10 16s 3d.. The
other was very • heavy business in lake copper
In the London market, where 2500 tons were
placed. Prices in the London market, however,
were not materially altered, as spot closed un
changed and futures closed with a net gain
of 2s 6d. Thus, spot closed at £55 and futures
at £54 17s 6d. The local market for copper
was unsettled, with values quite nominal on
the basia of $16 50@17 for lake, $16 37V2@16 62^
for electrolytic and $16 for casting, ah nom
inal.
Tin was quiet and steady at New York, with
prices. not essentially changed. Spot closed at
$25 50@26. London was "7s lOd higher, closing at
£113 2s Gd for spot and £107 for futures.
Lead, quiet; unchanged at New York, j Lon
don closed Is Sd lower at £10 12s 3d. '
Iron, quiet; Glasgow closed 55s 8<i.and Mid
dlesboro closed ■ at 43s lV£d. Pigiron warrants
-were, quoted at $10 50@ll 50; No. 1 Northern
foundry. $15 50@16; No. 2 foundry. Southern,
$14 50@15 50; No. 1 foundry, Southern, $15 50@16;
No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft, $15@17.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts. 24,
000; generally 10@15c lower. Good to prime,
$6 40@S; poor to medium, $4@6 25; stockers and
feeders, $2 25@4 50; cows, %l 25@4 75; heifers,
$2 50<g5 50; canners. $1 25@2 50; bulls, $2@4 75;
calves. $2 50@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, • 50,000; to-morrow,
415,000; left over, 5000 head. Market, 5@10c
higher, closing weak. Mixed and . butchers,
$5 83@6 35; good to choice- heavy. $5 95Q6 45;.
rough heavy, $5 60@5 90; light. $5 25@5 95; bulk
of sales, $5 80@6 30. - . . ■• • •■ - ■
■ SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000 . head.- .Market for
sheep, . steady to strong; lambs, steady to
strong.' Good to choice wethers.' $3 5Q@5 25; fair
to choice mixed, $2 75@3 50; -Western. sheep, $3@
4: native lambs, $2 59@5 20; Western lambs, $2
@4 25.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday.- December 7, as compiled by
the New .York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat. 55,240,000; increase, 2,844,000. Corn, 10,
930,000; decrease, 297,000. Oats, 6,416,000: de
crease, 187,000. Rye, 2,522,000; decreasa, 32,000.
Barley, 2,800,000; decrease, 198,000. ■
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— The cotton market
opened steady at an advance of 11JT22 points
anl ctosed steady at an advance of 8 to 15
points.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec. 9.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,893 bales.
Competition was spirited and fine qualities sold
at full rates. A good selection of fine greasy
was in active demand for the home trade and
Continent, and occasionally a lot was taken
by American buyers. Lower grades were more
active and bids showed slight Improvement.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 9.— Consols, 92 9-16; silver,
2a%d; French rentes. lOlf G2%c; cargoes on pas
sage, sellers at advance; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s 6d- English country markets, firm; imports
into United Kingdom, wheat. 289,000; Imports
into United Kingdom, flour, 189,000; wheat and
flour en passage to United Kingdom. 2.440,000;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent,
1 370 000
'LIVERPOOL, Dec. 9.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s 3d@6s 3%d; wheat in
Paris firm; French country markets, dull;
weather In England, fine but cold,
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d.
CLOSING
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 9.— Hops at London (Pa
cific Coast) steady, £3@3 los. .
The imports of wheat into Liverpool last
week were 108,600 quarters from Atlantic ports,
none "from Pacific ports and 4000 from other
The Imports of corn • from Atlantic ports
last week were 30,200 quarters.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 9.— Clearings, $871,
2C8; balances. $71,533. .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
PORTLAND, Dec. 9.— Wheat— Fair demand;
quiet and steady. Walla Walla, 62®62%c; blue
stem, 63c; valley, 62c.
- Exporters bought. 1.000,000 bushels Saturday
for delivery at Portland and Tacoma.
W^ASHINGTON.
: TACOMA, Dec. 9.— Wheat, %c higher; blue
stem, 62V4c; club, 61i*c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, Silver and Mexican Dol
lars are all lower.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — |4 S4%
Sterling Exchange, sight.; — I 8i%
Sterling Cables ..........V.... ...... — , 4 ?8%
New York Exchange, sight....... — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ouhce ..7 ,......— '. 54%
Mexican Dollars,, nominal....:... ■ 44.% @ 44%
* Wheat, and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Firmness "still prevailed -' abroad,
and Paris and ) Liverpool ' futures were higher
again; ""Antwerp was firm. ' .;
Conditions at Chicago were unchanged.-. The
market declined from 82%c to,81%c and recov
ered to 83%c. There was general and tremen
dous, realizing, but the market absorbed it all.
Outsiders ; bought right along and the profes
sionals gave them the .Wheat and turned right
around and. bought more • to ' do the same 'thing
over again. - As far as the. professionals are
concerned, there, seems to be a- vast '.'chipping"
market. The buyers of Saturday. turned sellers,'
and vice versa, r A 11 professionals are taking
their profits ' from day . to day, and if anybody
is holding It is the outsiders. The; market is
wholly. under the control of the general specu
lative buyers. New York was a , heavy buyer. '
Southwestern advices, were very bullish, ; the
movement being light and the millers out of
stock. ;The , movement ' in - the i Northwest ; was
somewhat; smaller.' '..There', have, been' general
rains and snows since Saturday, : but they, have
been_ lightest ■ where ; most needed. The , farmer*
continue to feed Wheat to stock on a large
scale.. The Government report. will be issued
before Christmas. '..' • • >
The American visible supply Increased 2.344.
000 bushels.. The -world's shipments for, the
week were 'as follows, in quarters: Russian,
164,000; Danubian.' 52.000; Argentine, 6300; In
dian, 36,000; Australian, 12,000. '■■■ - - ■> "'
The detailed statement of the stock of grain
on hand in the State appears elsewhere. > '
This market was very strong, with a further
advance in futures, though there was less ac
tivity on call. .--■■•'. ,,.,. ..... ... .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 05; milling. $1 06%
@1 07& per. ctl. • . . ■ . ■ . . - . . ■ .
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May—8000 ctls,
UOS'A; 6000, J108H; 10,000. $108..- •
. Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning . Session— May— 2000 ctls,
Jl 09. •■ - ... , ■ ■ : . : ■
Afternoon Session— May— 14,000 ctls, $1 09%;
12.C00. $1 09%; 22.000, Jl 10; 8000, $1 09%. ■ -
BARLEY— Prices continue their. Blow ad
vance, though no particular demand for \ the
grain is reported. The Improvement seems' to
be largely in sympathy with wheat. :'■'.-.
Feed, 78%@80c for choice bright. 77%c for No.
1 and 72^<jj75c for oft grades; brewing " and
shipping grades. S2Vi@S5c; Chevalier. 80c@Jl per
cental. •■,- •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales." ■ ■•
Regular Morning Session — No sales. ■ • • ■
Alternoon Session — No 3ales. ' • : " "
OATS— Receipts were heavy, being 24,960 ctls,
but as over 20,000 ctls were from Washington to
local mills, they will not go on. the market.
The feeling continues very tirm. largely owing
to the Government demand, actual and pros
pective. Enormous realizing ..is v " reported at
Chicago, where the brokers are advising their
customers to take their profits.. , - ■ ■ * •<
Grays, %\ 12yfc@l 20 for feed and $1 20<gl 25
for seed; whites, $1 15(gl 30; Surprise, $1 30®
132'A; black, 95c@?l 07% for feed and ■ $1-15<8>
1 r2>6 for seed; red, $1 12V4&1 20 per ctl for feed
and $1 20<&l 30 for seed. . .. . . '■
. CORN — Realizing continues on . an enormous
scale at Chicago, where the market was very
Irregular yesterday, declining from 69c to 67%c,
and recovering to 68%c. ■-- ■ .,.-••..
This market continues very dull. Large yel
low, $137V4@142%; small round do. $1 37&@
1 42V6; white, Jl 35@1 42% per ctl.
HYK—'tbQilV&v per ctl. -. ■- - - :
BUCKWHKAT— Quoted at Jl 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
: FLOUR— California [ Family Extras, $3 25©
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75(^3 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers'. $2 75
(63. .,.:-::. ; ■. ■„.-;.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the -trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; "Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do,' $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$43425; Buckwheat . Flour, $4&4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina,' $4 50; . Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats . (barrels), $6 85©» 35;
1:1 uacks, $ti 50<gS; Pearl Barley,. $5; Split Fead,'
in; ureen 1'eas, #> 50 per 10O pounds. * .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay were more liberal and the
market was soft. Arrivals of Bran from the
north were also heavy, but prices showed no
change. • .
BKAN— $15 50@16 £0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 per ton. .
■ FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled . Barley,- $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@2S; jobbing,
J28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@-'l; Corn Meal,
$31 60@32; Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $1€@17. -. rV-- - ■ ■'■ --
HAY— Wheat, $9@11; fancy, $11 50@12; Whea:
and 0 at . '$S@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley and Oat,
VT(jf9: Alfalta, *S@» 50; Clover, $607; Volun
teer,' 35 50®8; Stock, $5@7 per -ton.
STRAW— 30@47>£c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
A large local house has received advices from
Chicago saying that under the phenomenal de
mand'lately prevailing there at' least half and
possibly two-thirds of the Michigan Bean crop
has become exhausted, and that the outlook is
consequently very bullish. The San Francisco
market continues dull, with no changes worthy
of especial comment. The stock on hand In the
State December 1. as given by the Produce Ex
change was 476,874 sacks, against 243,034 sacks
December 1, 1900.
Flaxseed continues to arrive freely from
Washington. ■ - , . .
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30@2 40; Small White," $2 75
@3 15; Large White, $2 S0®3; Pea, $3 50®4;
Fink, $1 80@2 10; Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye, $3 50®
3 70; Lima s, $4 25@4 50; Red Kidneys, $3 50&4
per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25<g3 50;. .Flax, $2 65@3 25; Canary,
3%®3Hc for Eastern ;\ Alfalfa, from Utah, 8ftc;
Rape, U4@l%c; Hemp, 3&c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— NIles..$190@2; Green, $175®
2 25 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes seem to be working around into a
firmer position again. It appears that Stock
ton parties have bought up large quantities of
River Burbanks at $1@1 10, and are now storing
them to hold on speculation. The amount to be
thu3 stored is placed at 100,000 sks. This mar
ket has been affected by this deal and prices
are quoted higher again.
Onions are weak at a further decline. Re
ceipts were 1100 sks. . — •
' Five cars of Merced Sweets came in and
prices weakened. . ....
Tomatoes are doing better, as there is now.
very little poor stock lying around.
Garnet Chiles from Oregon sold at $1 35@1 50
per ctl. . ' ;
POTATOES— 75c@$l 10 for Burbanks from the
river r Salinas Burbanks, $1 30@l 60;' Oregon
Burbanks, $1 10@l 55; River Reds, $1 40@l 60;
Sweets, 35©40c for Rivers and 90c@$l for Mer
ced. ' . . *, .... .
ONIONS— $1 50@2 per ctl; Oregons, $1 90@2.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from | Los An
geles, 4@6c; String Beans from Los -Angeles,
4@7c; Llmas, 6c; Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl;
Tomatoes, -40<g85c; Dried Peppers, 10@15c per
lb; Okra, 12%c per lb; Carrots, 25&35c per
sack; Cucumbers, 50@75c; Pickles, 2V^@3c per
lb for small and l@l}£c for large; Garlic l\*.<cf
2%c; Green Peppers, 50@65c per box for. Chill
and 60@70c for Bell; Egg Plant from Los An
geles, 6@8c per lb; Summer Squash from Los
Angeles, $1 25; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per
ton; -Hubbard Squash, '$8@10; • Mushrooms ! 5®
12%c per lb. j ■ ■ . - ■ • ■ . *
Poultry and. Game.
' Three cars of Eastern came in, selling at $5 50
for Hens and young Roosters, $5 for old Roos
ters, , $4 50 for: Fryers and old Ducks, $6 for
young Ducks, $2: for Geese, $2 50 for Goslings
$1 50 for Pigeons, $2 50 for Squabs,' 14c for Hen
Turkeys and 12%c for. Gobblers. ,
Local Poultry was very dull, only young stock
and Turkeys, selling. There was considerable
carrled-over stock on the market. .■••••-.
Arrivals of Game were 135 sks, mostly In good
order, and the market was rather steadier than
usual on Monday. - . ■ • - - ;
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 17@19c; Live
Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers and 14@l6e for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings
$1 75@2; : Ducks. $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens. $3 50@4 50; young Roosters $4®
4 50; old Roosters. $4@4 £0; Fryers, $3 50®V
Broilers, $3 50@4 for large ' and $3@3 50 for
email ; Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 7502 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, , per dozen, 75c; Hare, $1 '3-
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush'
Mallard, ?3@4; Canvasback. $3@4; Sprig $2fj
2 50; Teal,: $1-50; Widgeon, $150; Small Duckst
$1 25;' Blackjack, $1 50; English -Snipe. - $2-
Jack Snipe,' $1 50; Gray Geese, $3@3 60- White
Geese, « 50; Brant, $1 50@2 50 per dozen; Honk
ers, $4(go. , ' .' __ -
Butter,' Cheese and Eggs:
There was no change in any description yes
terday, except' possibly' Eggs, which were
' quoted weak < by most dealers, ■ 32%c being the
top of ; the i general * market,- j sales at 35c being
few and small. Some dealers did not ask this
figure, . preferring to sell at a lower price^and
keep their stocks from accumulating. - -.•'„ -,=-
J The Butter market stands as at the close of
the week, fine Creameries, being steady and the
medium • and lower grades < weak. -. Cheese con
tinues very easy, with ample supplies.'
Receipts were 22,800 pounds of Butter, -
pounds . of Eastern - Butter, 446 cases of Eggs
400 cases of Eastern Eggs/ 6400 pounds of
California' Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese. -^ ■ -^ *■ ■.,:■:■■— .v -"'■ .-' _ - . ■„.-■■ ■■ .-,- ,v-... v
BtlTTER— Creamery, 23@24c per lb for fancy
and,20@21o for seconds; ; dairy, 17%@20c; store
1 , 1 ?^ y^J 7c ,o5, e o r « lb: Creamery, Tub," 21@22^c;
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg. lSff^a per lb '
S CHEESE— New. ' 12c; - old. '- 10%®ll%c; -Young
America, 13c per lb :- Eastern', '13@15c. ' -•-.,-.
EGGS— Ranch,- 32%@34c f or t selected large.
31@32c for good to choice and 30c for fair;
store, 25<@27y>c per dozen; cold storage, vni
25c; Eastern, 20@27%c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
| The market is overburdened with Oranges,
mainly on account of the low prices at New
York, which are sending increased supplies this
way. No further decline is reported, however.
' : Grape Fruit is weak, with too much small
stock offering. ■ : • •
Receipts of Berries were very light, not ex
ceeding: 10 chests. A car of Apples came in
from Oregon and one from Mendocino County.
Quotations for Grapes and Figs are discon
tinued, as they have about disappeared. A few
scattering lots will probably come forward oc
casionally for several weeks yet.
Two cars of Eastern Cranberries came In yes
terday. Another falls due to-day and another
next'week, and dealers say that the latter will
be the last to be received here this season.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
APPLES— $1 60@2 per box for extra, 75c©
$1 25 for good to. choice and 35@«5c for ordin
ary; Lady Apple», |1®2.
POMEOR AN ATES— $1 25 per box.
PEARS— Winter kinds, |1@2 per box.
QUINCES— 4(XS60c per box. • .
PERSIMMONS^-25@65c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $11 per chest \ for Long
worths and $2@5 for large berries.'
BLACKBERRIES per chest.
; RASPBERRIES— 16 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. 110011 per bar
rel; Coos Bay. $3 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges, $101 23
for standards. $1 5001 75 for choice and $2 for
fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Tangerines. $10
125; Japanese Mandarins. Jl^l 75; Lemons. i\&
1 50 for common and J2@2 50 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit. $1@2 50; Mexican Limes, •• $3 50®
4; Bananas, $2® 3 per bunch for New Orleans
and 60c@$l 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $304
per dozen; . : ■ ' - ■
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8Hc for Royals and 80
13c for standard to | fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 7@8'ic; sun-dried. 3%04^c;
Peaches. 5@7%c; Pears. 4®8e; Plums, pitted, i\i
©6c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 3(g>5%c for red
and 5^&«ViC for white; Figs, 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5}i@5',£c: 40-50' s, 4% @5c; 50-60*s. 4J40
4%c; 60-70'S. 3%@4c; 7O-SO'S. 3%@3%c; 80-93's, 2%
@3c; 90-lOVs, 2Vi@2^c per Jb.
. RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown. $1 10. Price per 1b: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown, ; three
crown, — ; — ; two-crown,' — r -; Seedless Musca
tels, — — ; Seedless Sultanas, "5'/4c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8V>e;
choice.- 7%c;. standard. 6%c; prime. . 514c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's—
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice. 9c; stan
dard. 7'Xsc; prime, 6%c. -Fancy seeded.- ;
choice 6eeded, « .
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@12%c; Walnuts, No/"1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2. 7V4e; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2. -7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell, 9@
10c for softsbell and 6@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@lZJ4c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. ■ " ■■■ . .
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll'/ic for light amber: water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted. 405c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c. per lb.
Provisions.
Local dealers advanced Bacon and Lard %c
yesterday, but left Hams as they were. The
Chicago market -was higher.
-CURED MEATS— Bacon; 12c per lb for heavy,
12Vic for light medium, 13% for light, 14%c
for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern ' sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams. 12%c: Mess Beef. $10®10 50 per barrel:
extra Me*s, $11311 E0; Family, $12@12 50; prime
Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 5C@23: Mess,
$1S Sb@n; Smoked Beef. 13H@Uc per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at Sftc per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure: ■ half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins. 12%c; 3-lb
tins, 12»/ic. .. \
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, IMic; three
half-barrels.. 10c; one tierce. 9T4c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about V&c under quotations. ' Heavy salted
Steers, Her medium. 10c; light. 9%c: Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9®9%c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal. 9^£c;
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16Hc; Culls. 14e;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 13c; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<g30c each; short
Wool, 40'-? 60c each; medium, 60985c; long
Wool, S0c@$l 10 • each; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 50@2 75 for large and $232 25 for me
dium, $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, - $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
' TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb: No. I.
4%@5c; grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7©8c; Oregon Valley fine,
13®15c; do, medium and coarse. H®13e; Ore
gon, Eastern,, choice.' 113J13c; do, fair to good
9@llc; Nevada. 10@12c. , .
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%®8%c: San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7H@9c; Middle County. s@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@10c; do, defective SS9c
per lb. . ..--.. . ... *
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and U@12c per lb for
good J to choice.
; San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further change In any descrip
tion. "
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as- follows: .
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
VEAL— Large. ; 7%®8%c: small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON-Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%@7c
per lb. ■ , . ■■--.•- > . .
. LAMB— 8@S%c per lb.
PORK— Live. Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs 5Ue
under 150 lbs. 6^@5%c; sows. 20 per c?nt
off, toars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
- ,- fl ?? m the a °ove quotations; dressed Hoss
<%@S%c. '
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c: local
make. %c ' less than Calcuttas; "Wool Baas 32
®35c ; Fleece Twine. 7V4@8c. '
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton ; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $8 60; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative Walls
end. $3 50: Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg*, jis-
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15. per ton in bulk
and. $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain ! descriD
tions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton ac
cordins to brand. , . • .'
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases No 1
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil In barrels' boiled
65c: raw.^ 63c: cases. 5c more; Lucol.' 60c for
boiled and EScfor.raw in barrels: L*rd 01V
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases 9Oe-
China Nut. 5i;@72c per gallon: pure Neatsf not'
in barrels. 7Cc;. cases, . J5c:- Sperm, pure 63c-
Whale OU. natural white, 40@45c per rallon
Fish Oil. ftarrels, 37%c; cases. 42%c- Cocoanut
Oil, barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and MHc^fSr
Australian. ■ T r
COAL Oil*— Water White Coal Oil in bnlfc
13%c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c- Star
20c; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene. 2">c :
deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk 15c* In
cases, 21«4c: Benzine, in bulk. 14c; In c'«. M
20%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; m cases!
• TURPENTINE— 58%c per gallon in cases and
S2c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Surar Reflnine Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bass
_Cubes Crushed and.- Fine Crushed. 5.30c;
Powdered. 5.15c; Candy Granulated. 5 15c- Drv
Granulated.. 5.05c: Confectioners' A. 5 05c- *Fruit
Granulated. 5.03c: Beet Granulated (100-lb linV.
only). 4.95 C:j Magnolia A. 4.6nc: Ert« C 4^%-
Golden. C. 4.45c: D. 4.33c; barrels. 10c' m^:
half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lh
bags; 10c 1 more. No orders taken for less than
7» barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos hair
barrel*. S.Koct boxp-. R.SOc ner JbT * nalf "
COFFEE— C.E. Blckford's circular gives th*
receipts at this port during the first eleven
months of the year at 222,375 bags, against 1w
038 during the same time last year ThS Aiii
from first hands were 198,312 bass, aealrwt 1-1
278. The stock In first hand4. December 1 wL'"
13.697 bags, against: 8123. Tne world's iftS
supply December 1 was 10.733,663 bags ,„,"!
10,576,«fi5. The circular says: -^K". against
■ "Both local and Eastern buying ' ha« *»,...
e ans,ffiii- ldeas of the '^"Mss
, "First hand quotations are higher than fh« -
given in last .issue, on account of the scarcUv
of offerings. : but the bulk of the business h«
been from second hands at price. .ome W h22
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
2** AT
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth «t..
WEDNESDAY. Dec- 11, at 11 a. m.
By order of the Southern Dramatic Company
I will sell all of the rolling stock of the above
company, consisting of 1 pair of sorrell horses
6 and 7 years old, weight 2600 pound?, l pair of
bay horses 6 and 9 years old. fine style, weigh
2500 pounds; 1 pair of black horses 6 and 8
years old. weigh 2600 pounds: 2 brown horses,
good drivers; also 1 large baggase wagon. 1
passenger- wagon with 4 seats; also 1 surrey;
also harness for the same; al3o 20 head of all
purpose horses. This is a rare chance for any
one to get young sound horses for their own
price; stock now at stables.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer.
below our figures. Salvador Is now held flrmly
at 9c without recent transactions.
"The statistical • position of this market
should warrant the prospect of a ready demand
for new crop arrivals when they begin. It la
understood from many reliable sources that the
bulk of the crop will move later this comtns
season than usual by some thirty to sixty days.
There Is probably ■ suf flclent coffee In second
hands to avert any stringency in a general
way. although some varieties are apt to go
out of existence for a time.
"Stocks In first hand are remarkably small—
13.697 bags, or normal for this period— In view
of; the heavy receipt* during 1301. larger than
any previous .year by 46.000 bags and greater
than the average of the five preceding years
by 54.000 bags. -
"An important feature has been the increass
In shipments overland, which have mora than
doubled.
"Aside from the increased outlet to various
points of export, both domestic and foreign.
local requirements have undoubtedly perma
nently Increased, due both to the natural
growth of coast population and the gradual
extension of trade in nearby fields. It is hoped
and believed the gain will be permanent in all
directions, and • that the demand established
will be fostered and furthered by supplies from
Central America, during the coming year suffi
cient in quantity and quality to meet it.
■ "To-day's first hand stock consists of 1331
bags Costa Rica, IS Nicaragua, 213S Salvador,
8254 Guatemala. 66 Mexican and 1S75 bass of
other kinds; in all 14,100 bags, as against 7634
bags same time last year." -
To-day's first hand asking prices are:
Costa Rica— 13%@>14c nominal for strictly
prime fancy washed; HH^lS^c nominal for
prime washed: 10}i@llc nominal for good.
washed; lOtygl^je for good to prime washed
peaberry. 9&@10Vic for fair to prime peaberry;
ldgllc for good to. prime; S'-i^Uo for fair;
6@7V4c for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12V4@13c nominal for strictly prime
washed; 10%@12c. nominal for good to prime
washed; 9@10c nominal for fair washed; 10^i^
HHc nominal for good to prime washed pea
berry; 9%@10%c nominal for good to prime
semi- washed; 9%@9%c nominal for superior
unwashed: 9c for good green unwashed: 9<39V t <s
for good to superior unwashed peaberry; 6<37c
for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua— 12@15c nominal for prime to fancy
washed; 9%'gllc nominal for fair to strictly
good washed; 8%@9%c nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; 9@9 1 / 4c nominal for good to
unwashed peaberry. .. . , ■
Guatemala and Mexican — I2 ! ,i©l3 1 .ic for prims
to fancy washed: ll@U%e for strictly good
washed ; 10%@10%c for good washed ; 9'i^lOc
for fair washed; 8@3c for medium: 6@7%c for
inferior to ordinary: 10%@12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9%@10c nominal for good t»
prime unwashed peaberry: 9@9%c nominal for
good- to superior unwashed.
NAILS— On- the 2d instant wire Nails wer»
further reduced at New .York to $2 20 per keg.
15c lower than the rate made a week before
and 25o below the card list for October.
Receipts of Produce.
\ FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 9.
Flour, qrsks.... 21,2i:i Leather, rolls.... 57
ctls ..... 8, C3C flops, bales E25
Barley, ctls .....15,550 Straw, tons 64
Oats, ctls 1.070 Hay. tons 734
Corn, ctls 720 Quicksilver, risks 23
Rye. ctls 53C Raisins, bxs 50c
Beans. sk» 1,340 Sugar, cthi » 2«S
Onions, sks S 1,400 Lime, bbls 91
Bran: sks 3.671 Chicory, bbls .... 60
Middlings, sks .. 640 Pelts, bdls 3t8
Potatoes, ska ."...8.846 Hides, No 150
Wine, gals .103,800 Tallow. ctl» 8
Brandy, gals -4,000 - •
Oats, ctls 470/Bran, ska 1,913
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks — 2,962 ; Flaxseed, «ks .... 5,800
Oats, ctls 23,0331 Buckwheat, aks.. 20
STOCK MARKET.
All. classes of stocka were featureless yester
day and beyond firmer prices for Alaska Pack
ers' on the Bond Exchange there were no
changes worthy of note.
The followinz dividends will be pafd to-day:
Giant Powder, 75c; California "Wine, 60c; Port
Costa Water. 30c: San Jose Water. 50c
Oakland Gas will pay a dividend of '30c on
the 16th.
At tho annual meeting of the Gilroy (Cal )
Gaslight Company a dividend of 75c per share
was declared. The following officers were elect
ed: Directors. Amos Robinson (president). F
R. Chesboro. S. T. Mocre, L. A. Whltehurst
(secretary) and M. Casey.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Deo. »— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 112 113 1 4s qr cp (new).l33V414O
4s quar reg....lUH112 |3s quar COUP..108H —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 6s.l08%109 Oceanic S3 Ss.lM —
Cal-st 5«.......llStt Omnibus C ta.129%135
C C Water Ss.lll — Pac O Imp 4a. 94 95^
Ed L 4 P 6s. — — Pk & C H 83.. — 112H
Fer & Cl H 8s.l20 — Pk & O R 8s. .121 —
Geary-st 8s.... — 100 Powll-st R 6s.ll8%120
H C & S 6Hs. - - Sac E G R 5s. 95 -
Do 5s 99% — S F it SJV 5s.l23%124
Los Ang R 53.118 120% Sierra Cal 8s.. — —
L A Light 6s..l01Vi — S P of Ariz 8s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 113% —
Do gntd 5s. .103 103% (1910) ........114 —
L A & P 5s. ...102% — S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m Bs.lOl 103 (1905) Ser A.107%108%
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27%128% (1905) Ser B.109 109%
Do 1 c m os. — — (1906> no uvl
N R of Cal 6s.ll2%112% (1912) 119% —
Do 5s...... i ..121%122% S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C Bs.107% — c gntd 5s 109 —
Nor Cal R 5s. — — S P Br Cal 6s. 135*; —
Oak Gas 5s.... 113 — S V Water 6s.lll«ill2i4
Oak Trans 6s. .124%13% Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st c 5s.. 110% — Do 43, 3d m.lOO%101»4
Oak Wat g 5s.lO4 105 Stktn Gas 6s.. 102% —
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75% 76 [Port Costa .... 83% 86
Marin County. 58 — ISpring Valley. — 88
, " ' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P.... 2% 2% I Pacific Light.. 42 —
Equit G L Co.^Ji 3^3 I Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual — >— 5% S F G & E... 43 43«4
Oak G I» & H. 51 — San Francisco. 5»i Mi
Pac Gas Imp. 39% 41 I Stktn G & E. $ —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 242 — /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — 80% L P A A 180 17114
California 410 — Mer Ex (llq).. 18% —
Cal Safe Dep..lO9% — !b F National 130 —
First Natlonl.320 — I
SAVINGS BANKa
German 1923 — 6av & Loan... 90
Humboldt — — — Security Sav..515 — •
Mutual Sav... 68 — iUnlon Trust. .1800 —
S F Sav U....525 — I
STREET RADLJtOADS.
California ....149 154 ID S L & H.... 40 —
Geary ......... — 50 Presidio 34 —
Market — 89T»' ;>-,:''
POWDER.
Plant 84% 8C JN'lgorit 4% 4T,
SUGAR.
Hana .:. 3% — SCUauea .r..... — 11%
Hawaiian — 40 Makawell 23 24
Honokaa ....;. 10} 8 10% Onomea 22% —
Hutchinson ...14 — . Paauhau 10 10% (
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 159 160 Oceanic S Co. 46 — /
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Aux FA. 2% — "
Cal "Wine Asn. 88 90 Pac C Borax. 165 —
Mer Exchnge.110 — Par Paint .... 18 —
Morning Session.
Board —
SO Honokaa S Co 10 23
5 Oceanic S S Co 46 50
100 Onomea Sugar Co 22 50
$13,000 Market-street Cable 6s 133 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co. cash 42 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 73
30 S F Gas & Electric Co .' 42 87%
$10. CCO Spring Valyley 4s (3d mtge) 100 75
- Street—
20 California-street R R '. :..15O 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— '■ -."'•■
'20 Alaska Packers' As3n ..136 25
50 Alaska Packers' Assn ISO 00
$3C00 Bay Counties Power Co 5s.'. 108 50
20 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 85 00
83 Honokaa S Co :....... 10 25
5 Hutchinson S P Co 14 3714
20 Hutchinson , S P Co 1100
5 Hutchinson S.P Co 14 23
$3000 Market-st-Ry 1st con 5a 122 5(»
$8000 N P C R R 5s 107 30
5 Paauhau S P Co jo (^
$1000 S P of Arizona (19«) 113 50
$1000 S P of Arizona. (1310) lu > 5
Street—
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds ." ..104 35
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— : • -. : / \ C.
1C0O Burlington .?.~.~.;:1, m \
200 Four " " VS
16 Hanford,,s 90 «, I,.
3 Hanford • T:
1100 Junction ....wot
»>*«™ ••— •• ■.:::*::;::::::::::; 5 »
Continued on Page Eleven.POLLARDS OPEN CLOSING WEEK
WITH BRIGHT MUSICAL COMEDY
"In Trm/n" Pot,!, T- ,• k j- i r, , *
in l own Catches Tiyoli Audience— Jefferson de Angelis Warmly
Greeted at Columbia by Old Friends— -Orpheum Gives One of
the Best of Shows — Central Presents Electrical Melodrama
FOR the last week of their engage
ment at the Tivoll the Pollard
children give the London musi
cal comedy, new here, "In
Town." There Is just enough
Mot and rather more tune than is neces
sary for the building of the up-to-date
nusical comedy, and there is not a drab
aoment in the piece. The story turns
Dn the adventures "in town" of a noble
:hough frivolous duke, his jealous lady,
?rettv daughter, and a son who is a chip
jff the old block. A good natured but
mscrupulous man about town takes
joth father and sob under his wing and
irovides complications In his raanagc
nent of affairs sufficient to keep things
foing briskly from one end of the
•nniedy to the other.
Like everything the funny youngsters
lo. "In Town" is wonderfully well acted.
tung and danced, particularly the latter.
rneGinglng, though in some cases as
;onishlngly *oo<5. is of necessity forced
a order to be heard clearly, but the
GB APE-NUTS.
FIGURES WENT WRONG.
Something About Food That Save3
One From Brain Fag.
That food can make or break a man is
ehown in thousands of cases. If one's
work requires the use of the brain, the
food must furnish particles that will build
up the brain and replace the dally loss.
Many times people fall 111 not knowing
that the real cause of the trouble is the
lack of the right kind of food to keep the
body nourished.
As en illustration, a young man in
Chatham, Va.. sayss: "I have been em-
ployed for quite a time in a large tobacco
- here. My work required a
flr'eat deal of calculating, running up long
•knd tiresome columns of figures. Last
winter my health began to give out and
I lost from two to ten days out of every
tncr.th.
"I gradually got worn instead of better.
It was d!5covered that when I did work
manv mistakes crept Into my calculations
in s'nJte cf all I could do. , It was. of
course, brain fag and exhaustion. After
dr--zing along for several months I final-
ly Vave UP ra- v position, for every remedy
on earth that" 1 tried seemed to make mi
wuw instead of better, and I had to
force down what food I ate. hating {o see
mealtime come. ,•'-'« ■
"One day a friend said: 'Crider. do you
know there is a food called Grape-NuU
that I believe is made to fit just such
cases as yoursr The name rather at-
tracted me and I tried the food. The de-
licious. sweetish taste pleased me and I
reJished it. In about a week my old color
began to come back and I gained in
strength every Cay. Finally I weired
tr.d found 1 was gaining fast In flesh,- and
with the strength came the desire for
work and when I went back I found that
Xby tnir.d was as accurate as ever and
>eady to tackle anything.
"I now can do as much work as any
man and know exactly from what my
benefit wa* derived, and that Is from
Grape-Nuts. I feel that it is but fafr and
Just that my experience be Known." E.
R Crlder. Chatham. Va. >
dancing and acting are no end clever and
amusing. Willie Pollard was Captain
Coddington, and the pocket comedian
gave a capital sketch of the man about
town. He has ginger, fun and speed in
everything he does, and promises to be
of the best In his line when he grows
a big man. Another baby genius is the
little Daphne, 6 years old, and every min
ute of her is a funny sparkle. She was
Shrimp, and kept things lively while she
was on deck. Ivy Pollard, who does Lord
Clanside's part, has one of the best voices
in the company, and used it well last
night, and also acted with ease. Jack
Pollard as the curate had an irresistible
ecclesiastical accent, and Master Hill
kept up well the Duke's end of things.
Madge Woodson is another clever mite,
and as the Duchess was a brilliant suc
cess. Connie Prebble, Minnie Topping,
May Topping and Emma Thomas were
all good, and the chorus work was sure
and spirited. The orchestra was at times
over loud and not always in good ryth
mic accord with the little singers.
Columbia.
Jefferson de Angelis made his appear
ance at the Columbia Theater last night
after an absence of many years and he
met with a most enthusiastic reception
from many of his old friends. After the
first act he was repeatedly called before
the curtain and there were loud calls for
a speech. He was finally compelled to
stop the clamor by delivering a very
witty and appropriate address, thanking
his hearers for their fluttering reception,
which showed that he had not been for
gotten in his native city. The piece
presented was an operatic comedy writ
ten bv Charles Klein, entitled "A Royal
Rogue." It is full of fun,, catchy songs
and witty dialogue. De Angelis is a com
edian of a high order, very much resem
bling Ferris Hartman, and sings fairly
well. His song "The General" was en
cored several times. On a few occasions
he descended to buffoonery, but -It was
possibly due to an undue exhilaration at
his reception. Henry Norman sang "Pop,
Pop, Pop," a drinking song with a cho
ius with splendid effect, and it had to be
repeated again and again. Helen Byron
Is a pretty girl and sings and dances in
a bewitching manner. There is a double
sextet which will become a great favor
ite and a topical song that the audience
cannot get enough of to satisfy it.
There is the semblance of a plot. Bab
tiste Ballou. keeper of a restaurant, is
pas«ed off as a royal duke so that his
daughter can marry the son of a wealthy
widow. The comedy should have a suc
cessful run.
Grand Opera-House.
A large audience was present at the
Grand Opera-house last night to witness
the opening performance .of "A Wife's
Peril." The play is a very clever four
act comedy and is full of alternately
thrilling and amusing situations. Minnie
Seligman. the leading lady, showed in an
unmistakable way that her fame is well
deserved. In some of the emotional
scenes she fairly took the audience off its
feet and was treated to vehement-, ap
plause. Fred J. Butler also did excellent
work, which received hearty indorsement.
Herpchel Mayall, Charles, Waldron. Wil
liam Bernard and Caroline Cooks are all
old favorites? and appear at their best in
this production. The play is one of those
that made Sardou illustrious, and one
who wishes to see something unusually
good must not fail to witness "A Wife's
Peril."
Central.
"The Electrician," a melodrama entire
ly new to this city, was presented at Be
lasco & Thall's Central Theater last even-
Ing, and it is probable that It, will go
down In local theatrical history as, the
best play of its kind ever seen in, this city.
THE SAN : FRAN CISCO CALL, TliESDAYv DECEMBER 10, 1901;
THREE CLEVER MEMBERS OF
THE THEATRICAL PROFESSION
WHO ARE APPEARING HERE. .
The hero is an electrician, the plot is al)
about electricity and nearly everything
takes place in an electric power-house.
The management has seldom staged a
play more realistically than the present
one. The power-house, with dynamos in
full operation, is shown in the second act,
and throughout this act the stage Is en
tirely lighted by the electric sparks given
out by the operating dynamos. The villain
hits upon a fiendish plan for ridding him
self of his enemies— that of thrusting
them upon live wires. The hero, in turn,
makes of him a human conductor for the
immense current which lights the city of
Denver, having detected him in the act of
cutting the cable. In another act a scene
in the Denver National Bank is cleverly
reproduced. Hallett Thompson as Tom
Edson, the electrician, and Annette Mar
shall as the bank president's daughter
were the favorites of the evening, and the
other characters were well sustained by
the capable stock company. "Muldoon's
Picnic" is announced to follow.
Orpheum.
Patrons of the Orpheum are very much
pleased with the numbers presented this
week. The performance is full of clever
turns. La Belle Tortajada divides the
honors with Norma Whalley. The Span
ish beauty sings and dances with the
grace of a Carmen, while . Norma dis
plays her shapely limbs in fancy steps.
Flo Irwin and Walter Hawley present a
playlet in up-to-date slang entitled
"Caught With the Goods." Miss Irwin
sing? a few coon songs in her inimitable
style. The Dumond Parisian Minstrels
are ever popular. They sing in harmony
and handle their instruments with the
skill of artists. Fred Niblo has returned
and talks his audience into a happy
frame of mind. Werden and Shepard
present a number of new illustrated
songs that capture the fancy of the au
dience. The Fraser troupe are very fine
dancers and are popular with the audi
ence. W. H. McCart, who assists J.
Sherrie Matthews and Norma Whalley in
a funny, skit entitled "A Lawless Law
yer," is even better than Bulger, Mat
thews' old running mate. Sam Marion,
the clever dancer, is nimble and grace
ful. He is a local production and re
ceives a warm welcome at every perform
ance.
Alcazar.
Like firecrackers popping at the end of
a string on Chinese New Year were the
crackling and snickering and the "ha
has" and "tee liees" of a delighted audi
ence over the production of "Christopher
Junior" at the Alcazar last night. While
not as stirring and well knit as it should
be, the comedy is constructed on the
lines of probability and the fun is . sup
plied more by the cleverness of the actors
than by the lines themselves. Juliet Cros
by, Margaret Wycherly, Marlon Convere
and Marie Howe are a quartet of talent
not often seen on the same stage togeth
er. Mr. Alsop was in his happiest vein in
the name part, and Frank Bacon kept
the audience tittering, although he had
but one word to say in .all the play, and
that was "Hooray!" . Howard Scott as
the- millionaire merchant was up to his
reputation and Mr. Tracy's Whimper and
Mr. Moore's Job were artistic bits of work
In action and make-up. Mr. Hallam's
Major Hedway was a good picture of the
old soldier pursuing the ways of peace.
"Christopher" is a success and Is bright
and clean. : -
California.
The second performance of Clyde Fitch's
melodrama. "The Cowboy and the Lady,"
at the California Theater last night at
tracted a large audience. The minor de
fects Incidental to a first performance on
a stage to which the actors were not ac
customed were absent and the whole show
went through with a vim and a dash that
won the plaudits of the spectators. The
picturesque features of the play were fuily
drawn out, and each one entered Into the
spirit of the; drama. The introduced
sketches, savoring, much of vaudeville,
were excellently rendered and thoroughly
appreciated. The situations are sufficient
ly thrilling to make the whole perform
ance most enjoyable.
Fischer's Concert House.
Mmc. Charity Martin, the prima donna
soprano, and Slgnor G. S: Wanrell.vthe.
eminent basso, won an enthusiastic recall
from the large audience at Fischer's Con
cert House last night with their rendition
of the great duet from "La Forza ■ del
Destine" • Their voices blended perfectly
and the Verdl'music. was delightfully ren
dered. Mme." Martin also sang Arditi'6
"Melba Waltz Song," and Slgnor Warirell
gave the grand aria from "Nabucco". and
ESCAPING STEAM
KILLS PASSENGER
San Franciscan Meets
Horrible Death on ;
Steamship.
Fatally Scalded in His State
room Through Bursting
of a Cylinder.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SEATTLE, Dec. 9.— H. W, Gleason of
San Francisco, a traveling 1 salesman, was
fatally scalded in a peculiar accident
aboard the steamer Dode in mid Sound
yesterday. Mr. Gleason's stateroom ad
joined the engine room. At 4 o'clock in
the morning the cylinder head of one of
the engines blew out and tore a hole
through the partition. The little, apart
ment was instantly filled with steam and
hot water. Gleason .would have been
scalded to death instantly had not a deck
hand burst into the room and hauled out
the half-dead man. For eight hours
he lay without medical attention, the boat
being unable to make port on account of
the accident. At noon the steamer was
picked up and towed In. Gleason was re
moved in a patrol wagon to Providence
Hospital. He expired at 8 o'clock this
m The In body will be shipped to San Fran
cisco, where his young wife lives. Gleason
was in the employ of the Bucklin Drug
Company of Chicago, and < was in the
Northwest for the first, time.
DEBUTANTES
WILL PRESIDE
AT A BAZAAR
The twenty-minute 'sale and reception
to be given at St. Luke's Church this aft
ernoon and evening and to-morrow after
noon promises to be a brilliant affair.
Many of the season's buds will grace ths
sale and nearly every member of St.
Luke's Church has labored to make the
sale successful. A reception will be held
in The. e taWes n fre in charge of the follow
ing committees:
Notion table— Mrs. Horace Plllsbury assisted
by Miss Hilda Van Slcklen, Miss Pillsbury and
M Art D Uw£-M«. G. H. KellogK. assisted by
Mrs. C. W. Coburn. Mrs. John T. Dare. Mrs.
Theodore Tracy. Mrs. G. B. Mayhew. Miss
KellogK Miss Spaulding. Miss Laura McDon
nell. Mlbs Unger. Miss Meta Thompson, Miss
H Fancy work table-Mrs. Louis F. Monteagle.
assisted by Mrs. A. S. Baldwin, Mrs. W. C.
Peyton, Mrs. Warren D. Clark, Mrs. W. S.
Wood, Mrs. Asa M. Simpson, Mrs. Carroll Cam
bron, Mrs. George H Roe. Mrs Rodman C.
Pell Mrs. Wlllard O. Wayman, Miss Susanne
Hayes, Miss Lora Clark. Miss Bertie Bruce.
Miss Josephine Scott, Miss Anna S. Gray, Miss
E Useitul articles table— Mrs. William "C. .Mor
row, assisted by Mrs. L. F. Comstock, Mrs.
Adolf Gartenlaub, Mrs. Maurice M. Bruce. Mrs.
Marshall Hale. Mrs. F. B. Galindo Mrs. W.
Grissltn. Mrs. William Manning, Mrs F J.
Baldwin Miss Meslck, Miss Daisy faabln, Miss
Rowena Burns. Miss Jessie Fillmore. Miss Ben
son, Miss Bess Houghton, Mlsa Nannie Van
Wvck ■ • *
Doll' table-Mrs. Sidney M. Smith and Mrs.
Cyrus Walker, assisted by Mrs. Philip If-ns
dale Mrs. Burgess. Miss Helen Smith. Miss
Bertha Smith, Miss Maria Lansdale, Miss So
phia Pierce, Miss Bernie Drown. Miss Newell
Drowa Miss Emily Carolan, Miss Genevieve
Carolan. Miss Helen Murison, Miss Ina Rlchter,
Mias Helen Gibbs, Miss Olive Holbrook. • -
-' Candy table— Mrs. Frederick Beaver, assisted
by Mrs. Frank Madison. Mrs. Hunter Harrison,
Mrs. H. A. Williams, Mrs. E. L. Jacobs, Mrs.
George Shreve, Mrs. William Sherwood. Miss
Fannie Grant. Miss Lovell, Miss Leila Dickens,
Miss Ella Bender. „, ■
Refreshment table— Mrs. George H. Bucking
ham and assistants. _ -,„
Lemonade table— Mrs. John G. Gray, Miss
Gray, Mrs. C. J. Behlow.
Museum of wonders— Mrs. J. H. Mallett Jr.,
assisted by Mrs. J. D. Ruggles Jr.. Mrs. C. C.
Newhall Mrs. Frederick S. Samuels, Miss
Sherman, Miss Holcomb, Miss Carter.
Book table— Mrs. Arthur W. Moore, assisted
by Mrs. E. M. Spaulding. Mrs. S. B. Welch,
Mrs. J. B. Langhorne. Miss Jean Nokes.
Children's table— Mrs. Randall Hunt, assisted
by Mrs. Nokes, the Misses Hammond, Miss
Cora Noble, Miss Florlde Hunt, Miss .Emily
Home-made delicacies— Miss Kate Gunn. as
sisted by Miss Edna Middleton. Miss Bruce,
Miss Eaton Miss Pease, Miss Mollie Dutton.
Miss Lacy, Miss Rithet, Miss Sullivan, Mlsa
De Long.
The chairman of entertainment Is Mra.
A. L. Black. There is no admission fee
charged. A palmist will be in attend
ance.
The hoproom at the Presidio Club was
far too small to accommodate the brave
men and fair ladles who crowded Its nar
row precincts last evening. It was the
farewell dance to the officers of the Fif
teenth Cavalry, who will shortly depart
for the scene of hostilities in Manila. So
ciety sent Its fairest buds and they looked
charming in their varicolored gowns.
The hall was tastefully and unostenta
tiously decorated. ! On the walls were tat
tered flags that spoke eloquently of se
vere engagements in which they were car
ried. On the platform the guidons of the
various commands stationed at the Pre
sidio hid the musicians from view. In
the rear of the hall yellow incandescent
lights shone through garlands of ever
greens. The decorations were in yellow,
out of compliment to the arm of the ser
vice that is denoted by that color— the
cavalry.
Those who did not dance found com
fortable nooks in various corners of the
clubhouse and chatted the j hours away.
Punches and refreshments were served
with a lavish hand. Taps was not blown
until midnight and the fair belles and
their escorts danced the hours away. The
success of the affair was due to the ener
getic work of the Presidio's hop commit
tee.
The guests were received and made at
home by captain and Mrs. Andrews, Cap
tain and Mrs. Bainhard, Dr. Collln, Lieu
tenant Babcock and Lieutenant Brower. •
Miss Viva A. Baldwin, who leaves this
city on the 16th to become the bride of
Lounz J. Stubenrauch of Houston, Tex.,
will receive her friends at her residence,
975 Golden Gate avenue, next Sunday aft
ernoon between 2 and 6. No cards.
"The Palms." ' Demlng and Carroll pre
sented a clever sketch, and Charles Bar
rington. styled the "Human Orchestra,"
imitated phonographs and all kinds of
instruments and animals in a wonderful
way. The Mullaly sisters are excellent
singers and dancers, their buck and wing
dancing with wooden shoes being a de
cided novelty. . Kalacratus, .equilibrist
and hoop roller; Blanche Reynolds, the
trombone soloist, and Satnella, a won
derful contortionist, completed an excel
lent programme. Hinrichs' orchestra was
up to the usual high standard.
Symphony Concert.
. The first of a series. of symphony con
certs under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco Symphony Society ' will take | place
at the Grand Opera-house next Friday
afternoon at 3:15 sharp. Director Paul
Stelndorff has been diligently rehearsing
his carefully selected -■ orchestra, with
Glulio Minetti as iconcertmeister, . for
weeks, and he promises a finished, pains
taking and Intelligent ; performance. , The
programme is very attractive,' Including
Joachim Raff's symphony, "Im Walde*
("In the Forest") and works of Brahms,
Moszkowsky, Volkmann and Ldszt. The
sale of seats will begin at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s this morning at 9 o'clock, when
there will undoubtedly be a large line
in attendance. •• Prices range from $150 to
50 cents, according to location, with box
and palco seats at $2. ,.
Chutes.'
The new bill , at , the Chutes last night
was enjoyed by a large' audience. Raw
son's animal show proved very entertain
ing.' Ellis and' Bowman;- have pleasing
voices and < sang ; popular songs, Leando
brothers, comedy acrobats, scored a big
hit. .Other good numbers are the Lockos,
bag punchers; i Brady and Hamilton/ Irish
comedians, . and a series of new. moving
pictures. ' .r ;■-,:■;-■,•; r,1 ■ .-. ".-: •■.■' V .
TEACHER SAVES A LITTLE
GIRL FROM DEATH BY FIRE
Flames Envelop 1 Tiny Emma ICiimmirigs, j?uft'iyfe.^M^rion
Rainey, With Rare Presence of Mind, :Herpicajjy}Smptfr
ers Blaze That Was Consuming the Gh|ld*s^®rments
0AKIM.ND, Dec. 9.— The rare pres
ence of mind and prompt assist
ance of Mrs. Marion Rainey, her
teacher, saved little sev.en-year-
• old Emma Cummings from a hor
rible death by fire this morning. In the
Lincoln School. During the 10 o'clock re
cess the little girl had fallen into a small
pool of water in the yard, and at the time
of the accident was drying her clothes
before the fire - in the schoolroom. In
some manner her dress became ignited
and the child ran screaming into the hall,
where Mrs. 1 Rainey was watching the line
of pupils just coming in from recess.
With rare presence of mind, Mrs. Rai
ney ordered the doors closed and, snatch
ing a shawl from her shoulders, wrapped
it about the blazing clothes of the little
girl and rolled her on the floor. Miss Re
becca Bills, another teacher, and some of
the older pupils came to her assistance
with coats and wraps and the flame3
were soon extinguished. The : child' es
caped without being seriously burned.
Mrs. Rainey's hand was blistered in her
heroic efforts to save the child.
The pupils who ' witnessed the accident
were quite unnerved, several of them be
coming so hysterical that they Jiad to be
sent home. The majority of them were
soon quieted, however, by the teachers, and
the little victim herself was the calmest
one there. She is the only child of Mr.
and Mrs. J. Cummings of - 315 Tenth
street. Beyond the loss of her golden
WHEELMAN TRIES
TO KIDNAP CHILD
Picks Up Little Girl
on a Street in Los
Angeles.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— An attempt
was made at 8 o'clock to-night by a man
on a bicycle to steal the 7-year-old daugh
ter of Henry Fisher, a junk dealer at 915
East First street. The little girl was
playing on the sidewalk with another
child. A man riding a wheel, who Is de
scribed by them as tall and thin, stopped
near the curb and asked the Fisher girl
if she would like to have some candy. She
replied that she would not.
"Oh, but you must have some; come
along," said the man, who had left his
wheel. He caught the child by the back
of the neck very roughly with one hand
and by the legs with the other.
Just as he was about to mount his bicy
cle the little girl's brother, * aged 13, at
tracted by her cries and those of -her lit
tle playmate, came to the rescue. The
boy seized the would-be kidnaper by the
arm. The culprit kicked him cruelly. The
cries of the children had by this time at
tracted attention and several men ran to
the spot. Seeing himself about- to be
seized the unknown bicyclist dropped the
child to the sidewalk, jumped upon his
wheel and rode down toward the river. He
was lost in the darkness long before' a
concerted pursuit could be organized.
Little Ida Fisher had several scratches
about the neck and body inflicted by the
nails of her assailant. The attempted,ab
duction was reported at police headquar
ters by the father of the child.
GEBMAN .TROOPS ENGAGE
IN FIGHT WITH PUNJABS
Both Sides Have Three Men Killed
and Several Others Are Badly
• "•■Wounded.
TIENTSIN.' Dtc. 9.— A sentry belong
ing to an Indian regiment stationed here
ran amuck yesterday and killed two of
his comrades. A company of Punjab in
fantry was at once ordered out to secure
him. ! tn the meantime the sentry had
been shot by German troops, who then
opened fire on the Punj.ibs. A free fight
ensued, as a result of which three Ger
man privates were killed and a German
officer mortally wounded, while three of
the Indian troopers were killed and sev
eral were wounded. ■ :
The German troops have been confined
to their barracks until further orders.
Quarrel Ends in a Killing.
SANTA ROSA,, Dec. 9.— As the result of
a quarrel between two Italian blockmak
ers on the ranch of Charles Norrls. in
Rincon Valley, last night, Amado Cavalli
is dead and Palandi Baldi and Ravelll
Parini are in Jail. Baldi Is believed to
have been responsible for CavalU's death,
but both he and Parini were in the cabin
with Cavalli last night. Baldi's story is
that Cavalli assaulted him, whereupon he
thrust his assailant backward. Cavalli's
head striking against a stone.y The ap
pearance of the dead man. does not; bear
out this version. An inquest will be held
to-morrow. ; " MBi
Notorious Pickpocket in Jail.
LOS ANGELES, -Dec. 9.— Edward Har
vey, otherwise known as "Old Man" Har
vey and a notorious pickpocket, who is
wanted by the Boston police, for the al
leged robbery of Police Captain Warren
at Brighton two 'years ago, is in :the
County Jail here, awaiting trial on the
charge of grand larceny. He was arrested
September 18 last, while attempting to
pick the pocket of a spectator at a cir
cus. As, the case against him is .weak the
District Attorney^will turn the prisoner
over .the Massachusetts authorities upon
their arrival here. = ■ .
Knowlton Trial Postponed.
The Board of Education met' yesterday
and : postponed -the trial of -Vice Principal
Knowlton of the John Swett School until
next .Thursday, morning. :. has
beencharged by Principal Lyser.with in
competency.- " . . > :
LITTLE 'SCHOOLGIRL WHO
WAS SAVED FROM AN AW
FUL DEATH.
curls, the. child seemed to suffer-no Ill
effects from her terrible experience.
HONORS IN STORE
FOR DR. MACKENZIE
Preparations for His In
stallation as Pastor of
New York Church.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— At the meeting
of the New York: Presbytery, arrange
ments-have been made for the installa
tion of the Rev. Dr. Robert Mackenzie,
who has just come here from San Fran
cisco to be pastor of the Rutgers Presby
terian Church, Broadway and Seventy
third street. -
The ceremony will- be held on the even-
Ing of December 20,, the moderator, ' the
Rev. Dr. Wilton Merle Smith, presiding.
The Rev. Dr. George Alexander -will
preach the sermon. The Rev. Dr. Robert
Russell Booth, the pastor emeritus, will
make the installation prayer, the Rev.
Dr. Charles A. Stoddard will deliver the
charge to ttie new -pastor, and the ■ Rev.
Dr. A. F. Schauffler will deliver. the
charge to the people. - ,
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE. .-; ,
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postmaster General Awards Contract
.for Carrying Mails in "Wagons
in San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, " D. C, Dec. 9.—Post
office established: Washington—Brigh
ton, King County, Mary E. Kadlock
postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia—Sarah E. Lyon, Kirkwood; • Ira B.
Martin, Sespe. Appointed: California-
Ella T. . Williamson, Emigrant Gap,
Placer County, vice Lewis S. Keeley, re
moved; L. J. Roach, . Rockport,- Mendo
cino County, vice Charles C. Rounds, re
moved. - . , .
Washington — Steff en J. Steffenson,
Vashon, King County, vice W. C. Camp
bell, resigned. > ...
The Postmaster General has awarded
the contract for carrying the mail In
wagons in San Francisco, for four years
from July 1, 1901, to T. G. Dobuyne,- at
$5766 per annum; in Oakland to Burt
Fennell at $3590 per annum. •
" These ' pensions were granted: William
Hughes, San Francisco, $8; Juan Soto,
San Luis Obispo. $12; James Arthur, San
Jose, $8; : Francis Williams, San Jose,
$12; John J. Lee, Petaluma, $6.
■Oregon—Original: War with Spain-
Henry Gamble, Echo, $8. Increase—Ju
lius O. Wilhelmi, Portland, $12.
: Washingtton: Original— John Usher,
dead, Newaukum, $12; Ora T. Palmer,
Waitburg, $8. Increase — Charles W.
Mathews, Green Lake. $17. Widows: War
with' Spain — Edith M. Usher, Newau
kum, $12. - '. : _ ■ '" ' ■ ,\ .
Presents the New • : Treaty.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Senator Lodge
to-day presented to the Senatef in ex
ecutive session the report of the Com
mittee of Foreign Relations recommend
ing favorable action, upon the Hay-Paun
cefote Isthmian canal treaty and gave no
tice that to-morrow. he. would ask the Sen
ate to go into executive session for ; the
consideration i of the treaty, repeating the
request' each day until the Senate should
act u^on It. ■ ■'■ - ' ■ •■
The report of the Committee on "Judi
ciary recommending the confirmation of
Attorney General Knox was submitted,
but went over until to-morrow.
Petitions- in Insolvency.
• Petitions iii " insolvency were', filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Alfred J. * Flood, cigar mer
chant. San Lorenzo; liabilities $589 80, as
sets none: Albert "VW Beebe, Oakland, lia
bilities $492 60. no assets.
Dominican. Sisters' Jubilee.
* The golden jubilee . celebration of : the
Dominican Sisters, -postponed on account
of the death of ; President McKlnley. ! will
be held on Thursday, , December 12,- at-
Dominican College, San Rafael.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec/ 9.— A license to marry
was issued to-day : to JWillard T.'Pldwell.
aged '24 years, Berkeley, and < Rena J.
Crawford/ 23, San Francisco. •
OPPOSE A NEW
STATE BOARD
Supervisors Urge Defeat
of Constitutional
Amendment.
City Asks for More Time to
Complete the Dewey /
; v:7. Boulevard.
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday pledging itself to
work for the .defeat of a proposed con
stitutional amendment numbered 26. creat
ing a State commission. The resolution
declares it an obnoxious amendment, in
asmuch as it is designed to usurp the
powers, . of local boards of , Supervisors In
the fixing of rates for water, light, power,
telegraph and telephone service.
The resolution authorizes the Mayor to
appoint a committee of , five Supervisors,
whose duty it shall be to communicate
and co-operate' with boards of Supervisors
throughout the State to take such steps
as may be necessary to defeat the amend
ment. The Mayor immediately appointed
Supervisors Braunhart, Boxton. Branden
stein, Curtis and , Booth to act on. the
committee.
. The executors of the estate of Adolph
Sutro and the Spring Valley Water Works
Company were requested by resolution to
grant the city an extension of two years'
time from March 22. 1902. within which
to complete Dewey boulevard, either in
the manner originally contemplated or
modified as suggested by the City Engi
neer. That official reports that the esti
mated cost of the work would be $111,00$,
but suggests a modification of the original
plan by reducing the width of the boule
vard, from the Almshouse tract to N street
from 100 to 70 feet.
The Board of Public Works reported
that it cannot approve demands for water
supplied to municipal buildings for Sep
tember. $2250 60; October. 52143 05. and No
vember, $2044 50, as the City Attorney ad
vises that the appropriation of $15,000 for
the purpose is limited by the one-twelfth
act.
The petition of the Bay City Athletic
Club for permission to hold a professional
"boxing contest in January was referred,
to the Police Committee.
The Recorder was authorized to employ
a chief • copyist at $100 per month.
Claims for damages of Mary T. Gof?
.and E. M. Galvin were denied.
The ordinance imposing a graduated
license on laundries was finally passed.
The Printing Committee was authorized
to print 5000 copies of the proceedings of
the Chinese exclusion convention and
memorial to Consress.
Object to Automobiles in Park.
At a meeting of the Stable and Carriage
Owners' Association, held last night In
Central Hall, 909 Market street, a resolu
tion protesting against the toleration of
automobiles on the principal driveways of
Golden Gate Park was adopted. The res
olution is to be presented to the Park
Commissioners. The association voted its
approval of the plan of scattering crushed
flint rock on the bituminous pavement of;
Golden Gate avenue, between Jones and
Taylor streets, to prevent horses from
slipping. ;;ri
Cook Commits Suicide.
Ah Ying, a cook for George E. Booker at
2215 Steiner street, was found dead in bed
last Sunday morning in his room at his
employer's residence. The gas was turned
on. Ting was lying with his face on the
pillow. The nipple of the gas fixture had
been unscrewed so as to afford a freer
vent for the escape of the poisonous fluid.
Ying was (formerly a cook for the late
Almira Townsend. Ying wa3 a victim;
of the opium habit.
Fatal Hunting Accident.
;. Albert Robertson Gould, a carpenter re
siding at 5 Myrtle avenue, met with a
fatal accident last Sunday, while duck
hunting in the marshes five miles from
San Rafael. A string of decoy ducks fas
tened to his belt struck the hammer of
his shotgun and" the contents of one barrel
were discharged arid entered his groin.
He was taken to the Lane Hospital, where
he died yesterday morning.
Caledonian Club Banquet.
i The thirty-sixth annual reunion and
banquet of the Caledonian Club will be
held in Pioneer 'Hall Thursday night.
Every arrangement has been made by. the
officers of the club to make the event a
pronounced success. Prominent speakers
will reply to the different toasts and
songs will be sung by well-known ama
teurs. Dancing will follow the banquet. .
Mole Murder Case.
* Judge Conlan Intended to render his de
cision yesterday on the motion to dismiss
the case of John'M. Dolan, charged .vrith
the murder of -Albert A. Mole on the
morning of November 22 in front of 229
O'Farrell street. When the case 1 was
called the Judge said he had not been able
to thoroughly examine the evidence, and
said he would give his decision to-mor
row. '■■ . ■■ *. -c
REDWOOD CITY. Dec ».— Henry C. Hall,
who Is about to ' depart for the Philippines
with hla family to take charge of a largw
school district there, was tendered a farewell
reception to-night In Menlo Park by the Yotinjf
Men's Institute of that place. Mr. Hall haa
been the principal of the Menlo Park pubtle
echool for seventeen years.
BAKERSF1ELD, Dec. 9.— Bonds in the sum
of $15,000 have been voted by the citizens at
Kern City for the construction of a new school
house.
ADVERTISEMENTS. :
Poison oaKlMr
Poison lvg3y|pF
are amongthe best known \ ■■
of. the many dangerous ttftftSj/^
■wild plants and shrubs. P^y jf
To touch or handle them *fi /hfiL.^* •
quickly produces swelling iw^^^^i!
and inflammation with in- \f/
tense itching and burning jf [£&?n5$z&_
of the skin. The eruption [[&?>)? 0?§&.
soon disappears,- the suf- l\^^ >£W '
ferer hopes forever ; but T^ *
almost as soon as the little blisters and
pustules appeared the poison had reached
the blood,. and "will;break out at regular
intervals and each time in a more aggra-
vated form. This poison -will loiter in the
system for years, and every atom of it
must be forced out of the blood before you
can expect a perfect, permanent cure.
S^ IF^ Nature's Antidote
H___ '
feP^P Nature's Poisons,
is the only cure for Poison Oak, Poison ■
Ivy, and all noxious plants. It is com-';
posed exclusively of roots and herbs. Now ti
is the time to get the poison out of your',,
system, as delay' makes your condition i
worse. v Don't experiment longer with'/
salves, washes and soaps— they never cure. -
Mr. S. M. Marshall, bookkeeper of the Atlanta"
(Ga.) Gas Light Co., was poisoned /with Poison
Oak. He took Sulphur, Arsenic and various
other drugs, and applied externally numerous
lotions and salves witb no benefit. At times the .
swelling and inflammation was bo severs he was-.-
almost blind.- For eight years toe poison would |
break out every season. His condition was much--;
improved after taking one bottle of S. S. S., aad
a few bottles cleared his blood of the poison, and
all evidences of the disease disappeared.
People are of ten,, poisoned without"
knowing when or how." -Explain your case
fully to our physicians, and they will'
cheerfully give such information and ad-'; :
vice as you require, .without charge, and
we will send at the same time an interest- '
ing book on Blood and Skin Diseases. -
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. , '
910
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San FranclBCO
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 c' clock every night In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street: open until »:J0 p. m.
1941 Mission ctreet; open until 10 p. m. :'»' '
I.K1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.til « p. m. : \ < /,
ICfi Eleven 1 * street open until I p. tn.
1PDS Valencia street, open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fill more etreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. E, R. a
A. M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, December 10, at 7:30 jSX
o'clock: P. M.. M. E. M. and R. A. /^r >
degrees. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secrets ry.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- _J\_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. jCJC
1. By order of W. M. . *** y
EDWIN L. METER. Secretary.
TO the California Pio- _ S53ES^!&k.
Pioneers and their fam-
Hies are cordially lnvlt-
cd to attend a promen- jSn^jf^fA&VcL
ade concert to be held J>r^Sa
by the Daughters of "^^
California Pioneers Society TUESDAY
EVENING. December 10, at Pioneer Hall.
MISS G. E. DE FOREST, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. W. Stone Sr., ln the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Placerville. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings ln a worked-
out pit: from Mrs. Ollvene A. Stone, ln the
Gignac gravel mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in » Webber
Creek; and from J. B. Lasslat In the Las-
elat mine, at Poker Flat. Sierra County, to
deposit tailings in a worked-out pit, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
59. Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on
December 23. at 1:30 p. m.
ASPHAL.TLM ROOFING.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal 11S6 Mlssicn; teL Folsom J477.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO.. (32 Market St.— Roofs.
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW-
ADVICE free;dlvorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no chars* without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment; phone John 3181.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy ; col-
lections; attachments; mortgages; bills of tale;
partnerships ; deeds ; wills drawn ;fees lo w ; open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008% Mkt. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
largest assortment on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market sts.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— Home for girl of 16 years to take
charge of baby for room and board. Box 26bi.
Ca.ll office. •
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— $2500; LEADING country hotel of 30 rooms,
dining and billiard parlors; barroom clears
all expenses and more; rent $75; 5 years'
le&se; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
26V* Kearny tt
A— $900; SALOON, including 8 furnished rooms;
a. splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A— $1500; BAKERY, including stock; rent $40;
living roome; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause of cale. SSee R. G. 'WILKE,
26Vj Kearny st.
A-i300; HALF interest In one of the best pay-
ing s&losns on Pacific st, near Montgomery:
or m-ill sell whole place for $C00; partners
don't agree. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— J6C0; SALOON on Sansome St.; rent J25; very
cholcest location and a good paying business.
For particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $1000; CORNER saloon on Sixth st; rent!
$60 net: good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth ct. Call R. G. WILKE, 26»J
Kearny tt.
MILES & CO.. S27 Market Et.. room 208.
$4T-00— Hotel In dairy country; always full.
$5000— Hotel in farming country; close to city.
$600— Restaurant, this city, very central.
$2000— Ealoon and building; rtnt $41).
A full list of all kinds business chances too
long to advertise; eee ue.
CSO— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing I
business; clears J100 to $150 per month to each i
partner. Call 925 Market st. room II. !
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a fine
business; must be eold: price $450; call and
Investigate. Room 14. 935 Market et.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 277L
6 Eddy et., rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery
stores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to loan on any of the above.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market Wt.
If vou want to buy or sell business, call at
" our ifflcc. room 2: eee our large list of dif-
ferent chances; a friendly Inquiry costs notb-
ing. - . .
6TENBERG CO.. 758 Market st.
Phone Black 5491.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business chances of all
kinds. Phone calls promptly attended.
WANTED — Temperance grocery; invoice $1000;
must be good business; cash customer. Call
1 o'clock Western Business Agency. C38 Mrkt.
TO I.#t— Butter-eggs delicatessen stall In
Grsr.d Western Market: fine location. J. H.
EGGERE, 1212 Polk ct. %
WANTED- Investors ln a plain, substantial
business enterprife. Address box 2670, Call.
$300— PARTNER wanted In old established com-
mission business. Box 26C5. Call office.
INVESTORS' savings can earn minimum of
12*X P*r annum, payable quarterly; guran-
teed from loss: particulars on application.
Add. Investment Dept. 66 Broadway, N. Y.
$S00— CANDY /nd Icecream store, with living
roomc; rent *K: must sell, as the owner is
going East: established 12 years. Businee* j
Board TraJe. 226 Pine rt.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make money
gee C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
FOR SALE— Saloon. S furnished rooms upstairs;
big kitchen and dining-room; reasonable rent
and price. App!y between 9 a. m. and 5 p.
m.. 45 Sacramento Et.
CHOICE corner Ealoon: pood location. Apply
NE. corner of Seventh and Folsom ets.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with crocery, on account
of death. Inquire at 1C37 Folsom st.
$350— WELL-ESTABLISHED clothing renova-
tory. Address bos 2S52. CaU *>rnce.
FOR sale — Good teaming business with list cus-
tomers; net owner f250 month; selling account
ill health; no agents wanted. Box 2693, Call.
I3C00-PARTNER wantM In established butter
business; hotel and restaurant trade; will net
<150 month each. Box 2628. Call office.
FOTt sale— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard: Joc*ted ln a growing town. Address
P. O. box 453. Healgsburg. Cal.
EALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Appiy
| 111 East Bt:. north of Market
LODGI.\G-HOISES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. ESTABLISHED IN~THTS
CITY IN 1S77. HEADQUARTERS FOR ALL
KINDS OF BARGAINS 7....:.?../
I* rooms and bath (flat) '.'."%'irm
10 rooms on Taylor " 550
2S rooms on Kearny ...'.'. 1400
23 room*, clears $100 \\\\ 950
ICO roome, clears 1400 6000
60 rooms, clears $350 ~ jjjxj
54-room corner house \ 4000
10 rooms on Eddy et \\ g^
K rooms on Third et * 959
24 rooms, 2 fronts; dears $200 isoo
21 rooms; best In the city 2000
«0 rooms; sure to clear $300 aeoo
..MONEY TO, LOAN AT LOWEST RATE
call If you wish to buy ;;
— Sell or exchange any kind of property
I CAN SUIT YOU ....."
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? '.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
A CAMERON & CO.. ~
850 Market st. and S Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
Eee our list of bargains.
100 r. ; cor.; rent' $550; lease; fine Income;
first floor offices; best location In city.. '.. $6000
7 r. ; rent $12; Mission; good and neat..... 200
SC r.; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 2250
14 r. ; rent $45; residence: good fur.; piano. 850
26 r.; rest $90; clean $100; good fur 1S00
15 r.: finest little board, house In city.. 1100
17 r.; rent }4S; cor.; oak far.; dears tlOO. £50
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE-— Con.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
S50 Market st Tel. Davis 281.
85 rooms; swell family hotel.... .........$6500
20 rooms; cheap rent 1300
12 rooms; good location; bargain 750
21 rooms; fine fur.; very profitable 320")
13 rooms; all light: cash 500
28 rooms; dose in: good payer 3200
16 rooms; new building; new fur 1100
10 rooms; all furnishings good 1000
U rooms; boarding; bargain...'..,;... 1200
18 rooms; paying well; boarding 2500
40 rooms; new fur.; rent $S0 2000
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED. r
VACANT HOUSES FURNISHED.
DO YOU WANT A LODGING HOUSE?........
IF SO
SEE ......
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST.' .
(THE RELIABLE AGENTS.)
7 r. ; brand new: G. G. ave.; part cash.. $550
11 r.; corner; offices; part cash; $10 monthly.
, 15 r. ; corner; near Powell st $900
17 rooms; rent $30: reduced to $450
M r.; brand new {urnlture; modern bldg.
20 r.; must sell; make offer: «ee. this! .
28 r.; apartment house: comer ..$2500
EEE LIST IN EXAMINER & CHRONICLE.
' 18 r.; rent only $50; payments $850
65 r.; finest corner in city; we have It
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain; $50 cash, baL payments $150
22 rooms; income $200; elegant; bargain.. 1500
8 rooms; well furnished 400
33 rooms; grand transient location........ 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears. $150 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU. *
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 631
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market nr. Call bidg.
SAMPLES FROM LIST OF 517 HOUSES.
16 r. ; modern: marble steps; grand view;
quiet; respectable: clears $50 a month — $1300
14 r.; central: nice furnishings -.clears $63. 800
12 r.; N. Mkt; quiet: respect: clears $52 650
22 r.; Golden Gate av.; fine; clears $79.. 1600
46 r.; Sutter st; lst-class in each particular;
clears $200 a month over all expenses.
115 r. : best proposition north of Market st.
FOR Sale— At Sacramento, Cal.. a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room,
kitchen aritt barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located on principal business
street: offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars In-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325 J St..
Sacramento. Cal. •'
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get cur
list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE. th<? finest location In this
city; 15 rooms; turn people away every night;
$450 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave.
FLAT to let: furniture for pale at a great sac- i
riflce. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market, r. 1 & 2. j
A ROOMING house. 17 rooms: rent $30: well
filled; good location; price $42."i. 2S*4 Clay st. ;
$550— SEVEN beautifully furnished rooms; new j
4 months ago; rent $35. 807 Van Ness ave. ;
,$500-LODGING-HOUSB. 31 rooms, all filled; j
rent $20. £43 Howard st I
i
SPIRITUALISM. I
! AN Independent wrltlns and psychic seance ]
j to-night; 25c; everyone receives a comrauni- |
cation; if you are in doubt and trouble attend j
the seance and receive advice that will cast !
aside the shadows and bring out the sun-
shine. 1C52 Ellis st. bet. Franklin and Gough.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits &peak face to face; seance I
Tue. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1C81 Bush st.
BROCKWAY. 1C52 Ellis, bet. Franklin and l
Gough: phone Larkin 1C&6— Seances Sun., {
■- Tues..- Thurs.. S:ir, p.m.; 25c: readings, 10 to 5. |
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium: j
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1; |
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car. j
A— PROF. GEE. 10S Sixth st: satisfactory j
readings, 5Cc. Jl: circle every night, iCc. |
MME: YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return i
to-night, 605 McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics, j
MRS. HARLAND— Business readings, 50c. $1;
circle to-nlcht; best testr.; ICc. 1"2 Sixth st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every i
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth, j
KATIE HCESSMAN removed to 1774 1.1th. nr. }
Guerrero; readings by mail: sittings dally. |
MME. THYES. US 6th st— Test circle to-night, j
only 10c; 8:15. private readings. ; |
MME. DU PREE. US^i Ellis, r. 4— Card read- j
ing lessons civen: cards marked for reading. :
EDWARD EARLE. S28 Ellis, phone Polk 1S01; j
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. .T. i
Meyer: clttlngs daily: test to all to-night. 10o. j
CLAIRVOYANTS. j
extraordinary: " extraordinary: ]
CLAIRVOYANT-PALMIST. '
CLAIRVOT ANT-PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, Londcn. '■
AS A TEST IN THE READING WiLL TELL !
; YOUR NAME. AGE. OCCUPATION. WHOM !
1 AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY.
BUSINESS, IX) VE. MARRIAGE. j
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
j domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re- j
i unites the separated, tells whom you will mar- :
| ry. how to WIN the man or woman you love, '
I how to overcome all enemies; gives full Eecret !
| how to control or Influence any one you love j
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5 Sun-
days.
Reception rocms, 13, 14. first floor,
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104. i
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand's. j
MME. M. BERNARD, i
THE FAMOUS {
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently !
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She I
reads your life correctly, pives an*accurate de- |
scription of the past, reveals the present hap- c
peninss end portrays events to occur ln the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un- j
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic, j
love or business troubles, consults this' great |
medium and you will bs toid how to overcome |
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; i
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569. \
THIS notice and 10c — Past. p-PEcnt, future, I
sickness, lawsuits, troubles, family affairs, |
enemies, friends. Investments, speculations, •
changes, detect .dishonesty, unfaithfulness, ;
treachery, love affaire, happy and unhappy j
marriages; just what you want to know. !
607 Kearny Et., parlors I. 2. 3.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE. th» well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket tt. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 und
2C; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- !
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet i
with special terms. Daily- and Sunday. !
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful rla'rvoyaiit on the coast;
he succeeds when others Jail: permanently j
located at 125 Turk st: readings by mall. j
i ~~~~~ * \ -^^-^^— — _~
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card i
reader, born with double veil — second sight: '
d.'acnoses diseases with lire read'njj; led e« fO\ :
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permantntly located 114$ Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a, m.
to E p. m. Sundays frcm 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS 21. WILLE. 326A Ellis: clairvoyant,
crystal .seer: reads your life correctly without
e.ucs. ; full names, £0c.-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS, 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35; wpn-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
ings. Jl & $2; readings by mail; satlsfac. guar..
MRS. B. ' Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. WALTERS, gnat card reader ;ladles 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to ft. 282 Minna. St., near 4th.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL; wonderful astrologis7;
tribe Alohobar. lOOS'/s Mkt.. 2d floor, hrs. 10-9.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c: gents r.Oc; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MELVILL. wellrknown clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th: German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563.
MME. RAVENNA reads Hfe fluently '."business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend to SFAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama et.: tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; eteam cleaning, 2e; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 923 Mission.
AMERICAN , Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
8c; renovated, relald. 104 14th tt. ;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. I'd Harrison st; tel. Mission 26J.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
8S» Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th rt.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. ■'.;■
Ingrowing toenalls, bunions and (corns cured
painless) no knife. Dr. Brown,\ graduated chl-
• rcpodlst. Indorsed by med. profn. 304 Stockton.
THE3 SAN FRANCISCO TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 190 1 -
COLLECTION OFFICES. ",
Collection" Agency ; 6th
floor; 916 Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
■; 194: able body of attorneys. ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
5 ROOMS; latest ' improvements; $10. 1229
Cortland ave. _____^___
DENTISTS.
A^Dlf.~T. sThIGGINS, 927 Market st, Emma
Epreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
- able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; • lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. P.P.. S., Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c:
plates $5. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6. Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Pcrlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST' prices In S. F. : painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentist:. 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can cave 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 PoU Et. _
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction, 50c ; plates (5 up : phone Pclk 11S>.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS. '
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 5J0 Golden Gate ave. '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery rfcho'ol—
, Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleatlns. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moftatt
EDUCATIONAL.
H^ALL?H~^CiiUOlj On' ir-Ljic'ritlCAXTKNUl^
I NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construe-
! lion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
! practical; day and night 24 Post st. S. F.;
j catalogue free.
! AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
; SS per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
■ complete business education; shorthand, typ-
i Sng, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
I spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers?
i new typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
i HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
I S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
I all sucjficts pertaining to mining and mining
! engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
' A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
! F.chool for the university, law and medical col-
| leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
I MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
I lowing? Life scho!arship $50; catalogue.
I CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
! modern methds; positions for all graduates;
! new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
| MERRILL-MILLEK College— Shorthand, typ-
j ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
I ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
i vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. : est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen> School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TAPvR, the expert, 22U Parrott building.
I ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School.
I associated with theatrical agency securing po-
i feltions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
I A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
■ Gregg shorthand costs only $00. San Fran-
I clsco Business College. 122C Market st. :
I A— Miss Bolte's School. 2724 Pine s£. I board;
| " Ens-., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
i MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano,* mandolin, guitar
j lessons, &Cct piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
I TENOR lyric, high with powerful vfllce ( de- j
j sires engagements'. Address box 26S1, .Call. J
! vfbElN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
j teacher. 1003 Mission; instruments selected.
j VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-'|
j pared for the Etage. 125 Mason st
| SPANISH taught: correct pronunciation, terms
! moderate. J. H. GARCIA. 704 Sacramento st.
I LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 811 Geary st. :
j day and even, classes; send for new circular, j
i ENGLISH Latin, Mathematics Literature a |
i specialty' MISS ROULSTON. 176 O'Farrell st. j
' Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th— !
! Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping. $6 mo.
i ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S ~DAY and
! ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine sf
i HEALD'S Business College. 54 Post St.. S3. K. :
| founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
i ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for. 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pa^es. in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
i EXCHANGE.
j ■,,.,.r»-.i-.n- 1 - l ri -,.n -i -..-.-M- -^-.- -
i WANTED to exchange— Property in the country
I for lodging-house. Cox 2624. Call office.
'■ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
j A— JAPANESE reliable house cleaning; also
I oooks and waiters furnished at short nclice.
! George Kinochita. 1233 Page St.; tel. Fell 8501,
I br'ch C05 Stt-venson, cor. 7th: tel. Folsom 2711.
j JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kindj;
= cooks, waiters and house servants. CEO.
! AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
i RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
] flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton i^Maln 51S8.
i JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
I reliable help. 524 Bush st: tel. Bush 516.
i — —
! ORl'HEUU Employment Otflce^ — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 42<> Powell, nr. Sutter:tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
I housekeeper; city or country. Box 2672, Call.
WOMAN v/ants work hy the day washing or
g housecleaning: $1 day and car fare. Box 2668, •
Call office.
! AUSTRIAN girl wishes a position 'to do houses
i work; only speaks Austrian language. 7G4
! Vermont st. near Twentieth.
I RELIABLE young girl wishes a situation to
I assist w.th upstairs work an.l care of chil-
dren; wages $20. Box 2667. Call nee.
j YOUNG girl wishes situation as stenographer.
I Address box 2554, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman wishes to-
do light housework in small family; wages
moderate. Box 2674, Call office.
A RESPECTABLE elderly woman wishes sit-
uatlon in American iamily to do housework;
city or country; references. 'Box 2675, Call.
14-YEAR-OLD girl wishes a very light pbsi-
tlon; $5 a month, but a nice home. Please
call at 2907 Twenty-fourth St., corner Sanchez.
CAPABLE woman wishes work by the day or
week washing or general housework. Call or
address A. R.. 62 Tehama st .
SITUATION wanted by a young girl to do
housework or mind baby. Call or address
117 Eric st., bet. 13th and 14th. off Howard.
TWO girls wish positions to do German cooking
and housework. 8 Hayes st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter;
sews by day 60c or $3 a week during dull
season. Box 26S4, Call office.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wishes a posl-
tlon In a flrst-class family; best reference.
Address 162 Jessie st., cor. Annie.
STRONG young woman would like work by
the day; best of references. Address MRS
R. OLIVER, 2361 Lombard st. . '
PERSONS wishing their children cared for by
the hour or day at their own homes while
attending teas, operas or other social f unc- '
tions, will find a competent nurse at 1402 Mc-
". .'.Ulster st; phone Page 1528.
LADY would like a position as companion to
• an elderly or Invalid lady, or would be will-
ing to be housekeeper for an elderly couple;
reference. Box 1509. Call office.
LADY with a boy of 4 would like position as
housekeeper, care of children, sewing, studies
end music. E. A., 3 Belvedere st.
LADT would like a laundry office to ke«n.
Address MRS. PARKER. 1219 . Mission st.
SWEDISH girl wants ' a position to do house-
work; wages $25. Call at 160 Fourteenth st.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st, near Mar-
- ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
■ $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to acJ from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
f ubscrlptions baa been established at 1098
N Valencia st.
' EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
POSITION wanted by young man (22) with ex-
' perience in butcher business; speaks German.
Address box 2671, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single,
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; will-
Ing and obliging; expert horseman and driver;
very best- references. Address box 2633. Call.
BUTLER and valet; thoroughly -experienced;
California and Eastern references; English.
A. C-. box 2689, Call office. '.'• -
MAN and wife wish positions to cook for mln-
Ing company. 417*4 Fifth st '
YOUNG man about 30 wishes situation to do
honorable Indoors work; bond if necessary;
small salary to start no object; understands
Spanish. Box* 2691, Call office. •
WANTED— Situation by middle-aged man cap-
able and willing to work; good flgurer and
accountant, as ■ porter in wholesale house,
bookkeeper, timekeeper or such where trust-
worthy man Is required. Box 2645, Call. .
YOUNG man wishes a position as blacksmith's
helper; 6 months' course ln Lick School.
Box 2679. Call office.
GARDENER wishes position; understands care
of horses, poultry and milk cows, etc. ; refer-
ences. Box 2680, Call office. . ' ■■
A YOUNG married man, ten years' experience
railroad office work, rapid, accurate, desires
position; -wholesale house preferred; .good
recommendations. Box 2368, Call, Oakland.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and care
lor 1 or 2 horses. Box 2541, Call office.
COMPETENT vineyardlst and crchardist. with
long practical California experience in prun-
ing, winemaking and all branches pertaining
to the industry, wishes position as foreman or
general manager; good references. For In-
formation, apply to room 23, third floor,
Crocker bulldlnr.
YOUNG man would like to have light position,
cigar stand preferred, to work at after
school. Box 2650. Call.
COACHMAN, formerly from near Newport.
• R. I.. American, married, of neat appear-
ance, positively sober, no bad habits; flrst-
class driver; thoroughly understands the feed-
ing and conditioning of fine horses; knows
how they should be shod to keep them sounl
and have* good action: can ride and gait fine
taddlers: care of harness, saddles, bridles,
steel bits and chains; can use composition
and different saddle and harness dressings;
Eastern and California references. Address
box 25S1, Call.
POSITION wanted by reliable man; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; careful driver:
milk; care of garden :' generally useful; good
. references. P. S.. 21H .Harrison ave., on*
Folsom. st.
CHRISTIAN younsr man of 26, with general
mercantile exnerience. as collector. . office
assistant or anything else; will furnish bond.
Address box 2585, C?.1I.
BOY. IS years of age. wishes situation to work
in stcre or drive small delivery wagon; good
recommendation. 12S6 Eddy st.
STEWARD, long experience, country hotel or
mine boarding-house: good buyer; Al meat
cutter. Box 2626. Call office.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds: companies Incor-
porated: Etocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken In payment for services: good mining
and industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
.^^^-^^i^^^A^S^TO^jblST.^ '
NEW upper 6-room flat, finished attic; fine lo-
cation, view and grounds; northwest corner
Waller and Portola, bet. .Pierce and Stelner.
O'FARRELL. 1935— Modern flat. 6 sunny rooms,
bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
SUNNY corner 7 rooms, bath; very desirable;
I perfect order; $32 month. 1S00 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST' and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United - States or-Canada one year for SI.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
HAIGHT. 919— A nicely furnished parlor suite
with use of dining-room and kitchen.
FLRNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Completely furnished 7-room flat,
partly rented; 4 rooms more than pay rent;
reasonable; leaving city. 334 Hayes st. ; no
agents.
4 P.OOMS furnished in oak $43 59. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURMTl'IlE AV ANTED.'
\ -' - - - _ { |< -..n.-u- | _ | ___ M^_ '
I WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
j 1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. NvOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
I A. L. STORKS, 634 Ellis St.: telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
- pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
| GLOVES.
j CHRISTMAS present— Danicneff glove order;
; factory price Kuar. : kept In repair. 121 Grant.
JIE^P WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED — Protestant second girl, $25; 4 sec-
ond girls, some mending, $20 and $25; girl
for housework for -Amador County. $25. 3 in
family: also cook, no wash, lor Oakland, $30;
Alameda, $25; Santa Rosa, $25; San Mateo,
.$25; 8 waitresses ; for city and country, ho-
tels and restaurants, $20 and $S a week; 39
Scandinavian, German, Protestant and neat
Irish girls lor housework and cooking, si me
plain wash and some no wash, 2, 3, 4 and 6
in family. lor both American' and Jewish
families in city at $20. $25 and $30 per month;
a nice lot of situations for you to select a
ijood place, call early; working housekepper,
2 men, $13 and fare paid. Apply to J. F.
CROSKTT & CO.. 234 Sutter st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Mali: 1575
HOTEL "DEPARTMENT
9 waitresses, first-class city and j country
hotels, $20 and $25; chambarmald, country
hotel, $20: chambermaid to wait, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, $30; waitress and parlor maid, $25;
. housegirl, 2 in lamily, $30, no wash; woman
with a child, country, $20; many ether
choice places. ■ . ■ - -
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
A— 2 NEAT young salesladies for candy store,
$7 week to begin, no experience • necessary.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary *t.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, choice place, country, $25, see par-
ty here » : »...
Waitress, mining town, fare paid $20
• Waitress?, south ; $20
"Waitresses, restaurants and hotels $20-$ SO
Chambermaids to wait .$-0
! FAMILY DEPARTMENT
! . Housegirl, 2 In family. $25; cook, 2 ln family,
$30; second girl; others $10-$25 '
,C. P>. HANHEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
OPERATORS at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32V4 Fremont st. ; no experience
necessary ; pood pay, steady work.' Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS, be independent; entire course In halr-
dresslng; 3 .weeks. $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st, ground floor.
MIDDLE-AGED German or Scandinavian girl,
good plain cook; some- housework. Apply
2D20 Clay st. bet. 8 and 11 a. m. .
APPRENTICE girl wanted. 14 to 16 years of
age, to learn girl's branch of bookbinding.
F. MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
WOMAN hustler wanted; one acquainted with
x dressmaking trade preferred. Apply Room 1,
1C9 Fifth st. • ■ • , . ■ '
NEAT girl for very light housework; 2 in
family; young couple; good home; $10. Box
2S76. Call office. -
W ANTED— Apprentice ln halrdresslng parlors
at 633 Ellis st, ground floor.
GIRL to take care of baby. 1134 Ellis st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work; wages .$20. 2712 Folsom St.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 3
in family; wages $25. Apply 1815 Laguna st.
LADY, 30 to 40, to travel with phonogiaph;
no experience required. Box 2690, Call office.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for light house-
work; good home. 1105^6 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wanted. 528 Sut-
. ter st, room 3.
NKRSE girl wanted. 2643 Bryant st, near
Twenty-fifth.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking: small family. 2416 Pine st. ■
GIRL wanted ln candy store. 1925 Fillmore et.
WANTED— Experienced cashier for flrst-class
restaurant. Box 2678. Call office. " /
GIRL wanted In restaurant; good wages;
steady work. 1432 Howard st.
GIRL for general housework. 45 Bartlett st,
near Twenty-second. \ "
WANTED— An experienced wrapper; steady po-
sltlon. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market St.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; $8 week.
". People's Restaurant. 631 , Clay st. . .
WANTED^-Salesladies * for , fancy - goods, laces
and, hosiery. Box 26S2, Call office.
■^'JELP
EXPERIENCED saleslady for fancy goods.
, MARKS BROS., 1212-1214 Market st
GOOD pants finishers; good pay; call ready to
work. 1000 Harrison st, corner Sixth. ■ ,
GIRL wanted for downstairs work; must be
good cook; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrellst
FINISHERS on custom coats; also apprentice
girls. 304 Tehama st. .
YOUNG girl for housework; no small children.
1023 O'Farrell st. ■'
WANTED— A young Jady who is an experi-
enced wrapper and a young lady who is an
experienced-cashier. Apply between 8 and
' 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'. '
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. rn.. at. HALE BROS'.
PROTESTANT middle-aged woman wanted for
" general housework; small wages; good home
with references. Apply at 1608 Lyon st.
A LADY to assist in giving baths. Call after
3 p. m., 116 Taylor st - ■■'.:
OPERATOR on vests Monday; good wages. 407
Turk st.
WANTED— WORKING GIRLS and WOMEN to
learn hair dressing, manicuring, electrical
face massage, shampooing, dyeing and bleach.
■ ing, etc; full course. 3 weeks; tuition $5; posi-
tions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
in fine stores now open to those entering im-
mediately. - S. F. HAIRDRESSING COL-
LEGE, first and only school of the kind on
. Pacific Coast; all others are Imitators. S. F.
Halrdresslng College, 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
WANTED— Badly freckled young or middle-
, aged woman ' of otherwise respectable ap-
pearance to act as demonstrator at - these
parlors after free treatment: good wages;
pleasant position. Room 52, CDlumbian bldg.
. (opposite Emporium).
WANTED— Services' of a refined woman who
has tact In meeting strangers. Box 2637, Call.
WANTED- Waitress at 426 Geary street.
10 LADIES for concert, hall in country!" Call
906 Market st. room 17.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar._ subscrlntions
yrecelved at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been . established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. ...PHONE MAIN 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M." TO-DAY.
Young- man v/ho understands lettering and
designing for metal .stamp
6 nlow teamsters $1 Fare : $30
Stableman, south, $30; stableman, $50; 50
woodchoppers and tlemakers, new camp.....
... v HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife, mining town....$S0 and found
Cook and helper, country; waiter for -bakery,
10 a week; cook's helper, ranch, $20; butcher
and drive wasron, $30; can washer, city de-
pot, $25; bedmaker; 5 cooks, country; 3 wait-
er?, kitchen help, etc.; steward, country ho-
tel. MURRAY & READY, 63 1-636 Clay st.
FOREMAN for sawmill; man about place, $30
and found; ranch blacksmith. $35 and found;
fruit farmer and wife, $40 and found; farmer
and wife, $-10 and found; carriage blacksmith,
8 to S J a day; boys for factory; bootblack
for country, $10 a week; wood choppers, $1 25
and S2 £0 a cord; driver for milk wagon, $30
ami found; cabinet-maker, $3 a day; cooks,
waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROS-ETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento «t.
ANDRK'S OFFICE. 316 STOCKTON ST.
Ranch blacksmith, $35 and found: 2 farm
hands, steady work, $25 and found; waiter,
country hotel, $-!0; night cook, $35; night dish-
washer, J20 and fuund; kitchen hand, $30;
porter for saloon, {25, and others.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay st.
Harnessmaker for ranch.... $35 and found
Stableman, private place, country $25
Gardener and care of horses, country $25
Young man to drive 1-mule ore care for mine,
$25; farmer for vineyard, Napa Co $26
A NIGHT clerk for a restaurant. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm: 12.
Pastry cook, $75; waiter, $30; head waiter,
$.v0; French chef. $80; French ' second cook,
JoO; country hotels.
MASTER Barbers— Nominations and election of
ofQcers .to-niirht at 102 O'Farrell st. at 8:30
o'clock. No meeting Christmas eve.
S. HELLER,
Secretary Master Barbers' Assn. of S. F.
AN errand boy (14 or 15 years of age) by a
large manufacturing concern; must be neat, |
obedient and intelligent; reside with parents
and furnish satisfactory references as to hon-
esty and respectability. Address Errands,
box 2655. Call office. City.
"WANTED — Reliable young ' man with some
cash; light indoor work; $15 week; steady
place; no experience; -only those meaning
business need apply. BROWN, 1221 Market.
WANTED— A competent man to take charge of
. a fruit and produce ranch of 300 acres. Ad-
drets. with references. C. O. PERRY, room
14C6, Claus Srireckels bl.ls., San Francisco.
WANTED— An East Indian who thoroughly
understands the making and serving of cur-
ries; will nay good wages to 4 experienced
man. Box 2653. Call.
BARBER shop in country: running 3 chairs
a:id 2 baths: established 20 years; a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS- 1C6 Ellis St.
BARBERS— First-class bnrber wishes steady j
short-hour Job. Answer, statins hours and i
wa~e5, box 266.". Call. ,i
WAXTED-A steady man. for light plain busi-
ness; will pay $15 per week; must have $1CO
cash. Apply 765 Market St., room 3.
WANTED— First-class machinists and Iron
- moldera. 505 Mission st.
YOUTH — Experienced in men's furnishings;
steady position. Eox 2669. Call.
WANTED — Boys and men to carry telegrams;
big wages. CCO Montgomery st.
BARBER with one year's experience. 855 111-
•mols s't, Potrero.
PORTER wanted ln restaurant; also assist on
table. 133 O'Farrell st.
A LUNCH waiter. 223 Brannan st.
WANTED— Gcod oyster cooker; wages, $30 a
month. 135 Powell st.
OFFICE and errand boy. $3 per week. Address
'.. own handwriting, box 2677, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1224 Foint Lobos ave.;
$15 r.nd found.
WANTED— Young cake baker with experience;
wages $15. 516 Hayes st.
WANTED— A tinner. CHARLES REHN^2387
1 Sixteenth ; st.
STEADY man" with $2cO cash can make $100
month. Apply at 209 Kearny st, room 1.
WANTED— Bootblack. Barber shop, 209 Lar-
kln st. ■
WANTED— Flrst-class second cook. 29 Stock-
ton st. . - .
HONEST young man, 18 or 20, for oyster
house; $20 and board. 220VS Leavenworth st.
A GOOD bakery wagon driver with experience.
91US Larkin st. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5£3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
$100 CASH— Good-paying 2-chair shop with 11 v-
ing rcoma. 1025 Howard st. ,
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 85; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch;, able to speak and read English. For
lurther information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED— Experienced tool room man for ma-
chine shop; must understand how to make
and systematically care for tools. Apply at
605 Mission st ■•-"..
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEQE. 633 Clay st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Young man who is a flrst-class silk
and dress goods salesman. Apply between 8
, and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS. .-, ■. .
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co., 1413 Call building.
EXPERIENCED florist. 1441 Polk st.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army "shoes
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 6th.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
FOR SALE— Barber shop. 3 chairs. Apply 107H
Fifth st. "
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission et., bet 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale: 50c up. 341 Third st
TOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. 8. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullts, 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hou f e, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c tight: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlntlona has been established at 103S
Valencia st ■ • ■» ».'. ,....-......,, » .;.. .
• . HORSES AND WAGOyS.
9O not fall to attend the special auction sale j
Wednesday, Dec. 11. at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 227 Sixth st JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passecger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth st.
FULL line German Government horses always ~
'n hand. JOHN H. HALTON, 1733 Market. *
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
• for sale at 721 Howard st - .- - •"
A BARGAIN ln good carriage, saddle/ business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagon3, buggies, carts, harness, C
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The "Weekly ~,
: Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
«3 HOUSES TO LET. - -
A— PRINTED list bouses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ON Presidio Heights— House of 8 rooms and -
■ bath. $40. Inquire at 3321 Clay st. 1
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
A— FOR sale— The furniture of an 8-room mod- x
ern flat; everything choice and new; rent rea-
sonable. Call 1020 Ellis st.; phone East 2S8.
LOST AND FOUND. 3
LOST— On Sansome St.. bet. Pine and Market,
box containing papers and receipts valuable _
only to owner. Suitable reward for return to q
EDW. W. GUNTH»:R. 206 Sansome st.
LOST— On Devisadero st, bet. O'Farrell and _
Ellis, open-faced gun metal watch and plated x
chain; finder will receive liberal reward. Re-
turn to 2518 Mission st
LOST— Screw earrings, diamond cluster, emer- £
aid- center. Return NEWHOUSE & CO.. 315
Kearny et. ; liberal reward.
LOST— Scotch collie dcg. Return to 2676 Folsom c
st, and receive reward.
LOST— White and brown female puppy. Return c
to 258 Minna st; reward.
LOST— Red cocker spaniel bitch; liberal re- j
ward. L. H. ORR, 539 Pacific st. '
LOST— A pass book with the Hibarnla Savings c
and Loan Soci*ty of San ' Francisco, ln the
name of HARRIET WOOD. No. 62-247. The -
finder will please return to bank. V
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings -
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the I
name of MARGARET HOLLICY. No. 210-581.
Tn«« finder will please return to the bank. £
LOST— In San Francisco Bay, near Point San
Quentin, a large net A reward of $20 will -
be, paid for its return to San Quentin or in- *■
formation leading to its recovery by JOHN
GEORGE and ANDREW SOFICHICI. E
$20 REWARD— Gold hunting case watch, scal-
loped edge, name engraved. 2111 Hearst ave.,
Berkeley.
$20 REWARD— Palace of Art. 16 Post round
magnifying glass; broken rim; no questions.
FOUND— Black hound; owner paying expenses
can have same by calling 2323 Folsom st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia" Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Works, 415% Sacramento st,
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4, 8, 12 H. P. specialty: repairing 1 .
BIATRIMONIAIi. I
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list Mr3. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. -
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421.
■ J
£ MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in (
'trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have •
been ' relieved by my medical treatment; free £
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G. -
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth. ■<
A— MRS. SWEET Is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin in midwifery cases; takes "
ladies before and during confinement, with the
be3t of care; infants adopted; will take two
-to work at my private residence, on ~ ■ 608
Guerrero st, near Eighteenth; phone Blue 411.
MRS. M. WEGENER, ladles.' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home ln confinement 210 Eddy St., near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
MRS. D.\ WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist: i
30 years* experience in midwifery cases; pri-
vate home before and during confinement. 410
O'Farrell st, near Taylor; hours 9 to S.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home -
in confinement 1126 Market st. S. F. J
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at
I 1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
i hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. rn. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist ; a private home before and during .
confinement; best medical care: low fees. j
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; well-
known and reliable: home for patients before
and during confinement. 906 Market, opp. 4th.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite .
Union squares all diseases cured by herbs. j
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
EOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-157 Fremont at. J
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
ealoon outfits on hanrH 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything Z
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shao-
ers, etc.: also good working tcols. such as Z
hand saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortlsers. saws, etc J. B. JARDIXE. 220 .
Fremont st.- I
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture WhoIesaU .
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's $
Toy Furniture Ee*.s.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st -
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys, -
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St. *
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-. :
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine. l
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT *
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st. J
FOR sale — Parlor and dining-room sets. Apply :
at 91 Ninth St., MRS. LODERHOSE.
FOR SALE— A fine watchdog; genuine Dane. 9 '■,
Delgardo Place, off Hyde st. ■'
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has :
retired from busineae.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried ln stock. ~ t
BAKER & HAMILTON. '
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand. !
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery. "
J. BURKE. 139 Beale at. -'
8 HP. boiler and engino, "Economizer" pattern, ;
complete. $175 f.o.b. H. 8. White. tl» Mission.
FINE sealskin, nearly new. $85. New Munici- *
pal Loan Office. 617 Washington st
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $50. only $28T *
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; jeweler's steel- '
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER- 1
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS Id-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogb Mfg. Co., 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewtntc machine; 5 drawers; oak; -
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st, rm. 23.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. S21 Mission st
MAOIC lanterns, new "and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
USB piano for storage: good care; no children*
responsible. Box 2697, CaU office. ■- * ' •
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal- >
skins. Box 1205, CaU office. '[
TILTON wants good second-hand clothine and '• •
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Folsom 2523. .'
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing boueht '
- &sold. Sllvcrman, 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.1
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux" I
edo suit". Portland Loan/ Office. 23 Stockton i
MOXEY^TO LOAN. ~ I
$4.50O-.COO at lowest rates...
on first and second mortgages'"
Life Interests • In estat«
Property being held In trust '
Undivided -Interests in real' estate"*"""
..Life Insurance policies, estates In DrobatB"
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes'"
.......If You Need Money. """"'.
See HERMAN MURPHY. «C3 ExamVner'b'rd'g' ;
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal- no '
tommis.; confidential. Whitehead, 1710 Market i
MO7TFTV TO LO &"$-— Contlnvti. t
A A— MANHATTAN" LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300 000 at hVi & « t"* cent ln BUm8 tojsult:
City Oakland Towri and Country property;
Second mortgages. Bfe insurance and securi-
ties; loana on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estaae and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages "•;• —
Undivided interest ic real estate in prooats..
Mortgages aad lesr&cles bougM: no delay....
Get my -term* before doing business «sewher»
It McCOLGAN -
24 rytontgonery St.. room 3
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
" amount: lowest rates: no delay: ooen even-
lng« 7 to 8. BECKER & CO.. 927 Market St.,
room 613. .
ANT amount. lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided Interests, chattel
mtgs' etc: enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN. 2C8 Kearny st.. room 814.
A RELIABLE corporation established tn 1SS3;-
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt: teL Black 5471.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal. libra-
ries, goods in warehouse.etc. :any amount;low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 28 Montgomery > M
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary «t.; phone Red J£OX
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or or> mortgage at • per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc, by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 -Market st. room 68.
ON salaries, N. T. plan; indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bids.
ON country real estate, furniture, pianos: low-
est rate; no removal. 927 Market st, rm. 203.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, • Eddy st.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister st
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
THE^nliTplano~pTayer for people to buy Is ta«
Simplex, because it does better work than
any other and with less than half th» effort.
Call and hear one of these wonderful lnstru-^;
mentsplay. THE ZENO MAUYAI3 MUSUJI
CO.. 769 Market at {
A BIG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only is now on at The Mauvals Musia
Co., 769 Market st The very be»t quality of
goods will b« offered at greatly reduced
prices,- as the management wish to place it
within the ability of most any on« to possess
a piano. Purchasers of presents can select
now and have th« Instruments kept until
ready for delivery. Payments accepted If not
convenient to pay cash. THE ZEJsO MAO-
-VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
NOW Is the time to have your old piano re-
paired and fixed up. We have th« best fa-
cilities for such work and will make prices
verv reasonable. Pianos tuned by the year.
Pianos for rent. THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MU-
SIC CO.. 769 Market st.
WE have Just received the latest designs In art
pianos a great assortment in Sohmer. Byron
Manzy and Lester Pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Pest st. ;
A GRAND concert every afternoon, t to 4. by
Cecilian Piano Player at BYRON MAUZT'S.
308-310-312 Post st .
CHRISTMAS Specials in small musical Instru-
ments, Guitars, Violins, Mandolins, Banjos;
bargains in all makes. BYRON MAUZY.
308 Post st ;
SELECT your Christmas Pianos now; we de-
liver for Christmas present at your order.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.
A LOT of slightly used pianos, $50 up. Re-
member we are open evenings until Chrlst-
maa. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-310-312 Post st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and Includes the most rellablo
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $G per month: some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per mouth. SHER-
M\N. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sta.. Oaklaml.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTEKS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from ,$50 up.
Second-hand organs from $?3 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON 16 to 20 O'FarreJ!. Chlckertng. Mascn 4
& Hamlln, Vose. Sterling pianos.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes; easy payments; big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos; rents $3 up al-
lowed: bargains. $25 up: Steinways, $1S5;
Chickerings. $135: 50 others; agents wanted;
open evenings. 217 Geary st.
' ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and fall purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 2Cc a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, SO O'Farrell
| st; established 1S50.
A SMALL "Weber upright. $125: elegant walnut
casa Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck.
oak case: Hardman square. $43: organs. $2S
up. BOWERS A SON. 23 Fifth st, IVERS »&
POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
EXCITING bargains— Three- cars *tiew high-
grade pianos stored with us; ordered sold t»
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap (In-
stallments); open evenings until 9:30. WIL-
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market St.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 933 MARKET.
PIANOS THE BEST.
PRICES THE LOWEST.
UXEEDA a piano for the- holidays; rent one:
total cost $5. 560 Hayes st. -
Magnificent high-grade upright piano: S pedals;
sacrifice; party going East. 773 O'Farrell st.
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 33.
217 Geary st.
$125— SCHLEIP Upright, excellent condition.
$75: Erard upright. Horntmg. 218 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithera, old and new. H.
MULLBR. maker, rapalrer, 2 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright for tale ' cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk *t. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stein-way bargains.
OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
FOLSOM, 870— Large store, suitable for any
business. UMBSEN. 14 Montgomery st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In gooi order; all
sixes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission st
PAINTERS AND DECORATOKS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Bed 3521.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 613
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post; teL Black Ml.
NEERQAARD. president St Germain CoUe»».
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2833.
PATENTS AND PEXSIOXS. f
PENSION advice Vrea; "general practitioner!! '
■ QEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bldg.'
PERSONALS.
ARTISTIC halrdresslng, 25c, manicuring 25c,
gents' manicuring 60c, by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant in city. 25c: our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Pattl Beauty Cream
50c; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne:
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BON-TON. 324 Post St.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order*.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st. between Seventh and Eighth.
i BEADS— Ladles desiring beads and Jewels of
j all descriptions for making different kinds of
! fancy work, now In vogue, will do well to call
and examine the Immense assortment at ET-
)V TINGER'S. 723 Market at.
. ONE EOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
j rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; prica
. $2 50 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus Mert.
Co.. «34 Valencia st.. S. y. ; tel. Church 157'.
i ELECTRIC light In every room—Winchester
I Hotel. 44 Tlhrd st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
{ jac to $1 oO per night: $1 5t) to $6 per week;
j fre<f bus and baggage to and from the feriy.
Gue . s " ? _ You J can b « certain of style and
l .» by^ si £F ? tandar <l Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now ready. J. W EVANh
Domestic office. 1021 Market st. near Sixth!
P r^,lnWn E ,, CU T? r ?r drunkenness, opium and
5st?rt!S?i^ abl i?* Mooser Co - Gold Cure; many
»■>. Address 112j Geary st.. San Francisco.
' 1 ", 1011 beautifying; latest
' ™??h.r methods: electric roleau; superflu-
l k£ ~ removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephi^
Kia-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 13*7K *hl E r^2 a^ ualQUC P^ents for the holidays at
p*Pii?«S urlos!t >' store - *n Gear >' Et •• NAT
'-ai-hakL; novelties of every description.
*Vi J T E enai ncl iron beds, sinplc- three-quarter
on ,iVi e - ** 23 - EASTERN ~ OUTFITTING
_J£^ mo-1313 Stockton st..near IiraJway.
L 1 ii? thp *>*« hairdressins - > the city: 25c for
'ir?nr-. t niSi, you receive polite attenUon. G.
LCDKRER, ra Stockton et.
S H^ E . RFLtrcr - ;S hBir an <* rnnles destroyed with
eiectnc needle. &U?s EATON. 1U9 Sutter et.
A^'?? 1 ' hair i s falling or you are bald call on
ur.G.S.Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
Mrs Brirsrs— Superfluous hair, moles removed
oy electric needle. 96S Sutter: tel. Larkin 3171, I
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mrkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Andersen's theatric
cal coetumer, 26 O'Farrell; country ordere.
D £: t AMOTTE>s FRENCH CORN PAINT.
tne best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ApjREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; fl; at all dniggists.
5C * *? EIS * wanted to order suits for Jl per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailored 115 Kearny et.
TAILOE-MADS suits. J7 60; dress pants. $2 W.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. n. JEN'KEL. m Market st.
-^HVSICIAXS AXD SCRGEOXS.
ErTc. C. O'DONNELL— Offlc» and residence.
IC^K Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. berb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases ct the human body; sea
testimonials at of^cc, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. TTr>?.\> WO. herb doctor; ' eanltartum.
7** -766 Clay 6t.: egg testimonials at office.
fOJjfnfd AXD TURXIXG MILLS.
"V\ OOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, ShaDin*
■ad Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 9S Fremont et.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
A EPCENDID INVESTMENT.
Blx iv flats, all leased for one year at a
total rental ot J2670; price $24,750. For terms
see owner on premises. 1229 Page et.. near
FOR eale or to rent, near San Mateo— 4%
acres; good soil; water; level; email house
207 Church St.. after 5 p. m.
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
ana yard; eun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tcla Bts.. bet. Pierce and Btelner.
FOR eale— Sacrifice; handsome flats on Liberty
et.; choice location. Owner, box 26U. Call.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^.
6maU tracts. J60 to J90 per acre, on Rancho
Cota.tr Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. for pam-
C^tg aad Information.
8 *»-raiiJS land; no per acre. Box
POULTRY and dairy ranches tor sale; write for
free list. C. R, WPfFIELD. PeUluma. CaL
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
aeqnlred by foreclosure; \j. cash. Bank of Ala
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEBKELET REAL ESTATE.
I $1500— REDUCED from $2200; must be Bold; 4
large rooms anfl bath; lot 81x130; windmill and
tank ; $300 cash, balance $15 per month. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$2700— Reduced from 14500; 1 acre of land; 6-
room house- large bams chicken-houses; full-
bearing frurl treea; windmill and tank: best
part cf Berkeley. W. C MORAN & CO.
$*100— New 7-rooxn hoase; fine barn and 20
acres of land: reduced from $7S00; must sell;
only 2 miles from Berkeley. W. C MOBAN
&, CO.
$500 to $1500— In the Wheeler tract; last week
tiiefore the raise; next week property will be
\^mMiae& S20.O00; buy before the raise; Mrs.
and President Wheeler's property
T adjoin this tract. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$200— 5-roora cottage; $100 cash, balance $15
per month; bank loaned $1SOO on this prop-
erty: 2 bay windows ; basement done off; lot
4Pxl00; 2 blocks to cars. W. C MORAN & CO.
$2000— New 5 or 6 room cottages; lots 45x100;
2 blocks to train and electric can; porcelain
bath; tiled eink; tinted walls; gas fixtures;
fine mantel aad sideboard. See some of the
new houses we are building: all over town; >
will furnish lot &nd build you a house to euit
you and eell on terms same as rent.
"\V. C MOKAX A CO., Lortn station, and
'fichmldt Block,
Berkeley.
12 HOMES, . ranging In prices from $3)00 to
$3000 en terms of from $50 to $100 down, all
In the course of construction; all modern and
have from 6 rooms and bath up to 9 rooms and
bath; eituated on the local Berkeley road,
riving the same service and time as the Oak-
land local from Seventh and Broadway to
Ean Francisco. Further information apply
A, J. SXTDER.
467 Ninth St., Oakland. CaL
Or Branch Office
A. J. ENTDER,
i Adeline Station, Berkeley.
{250— A WELLr-BUILT house of 6 rooms and
bath, near the station, on sunny Bide of street;
a bargain.
$3300 — New 2-story house of 9 rooms; thor-
oughly modern In every reepect; near electric
railroad.
House of 6 rooms and bath, east of railroad,
between Dwigrht way and Berkeley stations.
.Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate. Berke.
' ■■^■r rtation.
corner lot, 100x100. northeast corner
University are. and Curtis St., Berkeley; ce-
ment sidewalk; street accepted; cost owner
£2400. will sell for $1250. half cash; need
money. Apply 130 Sixth St., San Francisco.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3750— ON west side of Union st, near Four-
teenth; have just completed one of Oakland's
prettiest homes; location none better; see lt
and you -will buy it.
A. J. SNTDER.
467 Ninth St.. Oakland. CaL
WILL offer a corner on which you can erect
flats which will return VA per cent per month
on ■ money invested.
A. J. SNYDER,
467 Ninth St.. Oakland, CaL
S20C0 — NEW 6-room cottase, modem and con-
venient; lot 50x100; street sewered, macadam-
ized and sidewalked; two minutes' walk from
car line. For terms apply
A. J. SNTDER.
467 Ninth Bt.. Oakland. CaL
NEW 2-story house. Fame vicinity; convenient
end pretty; -Bee this property at once.
At reasonable prices — Homes, lots, business
property for sale in all parts of Oakland and
vicinity. A. J. BNYDER,
467 Ninth St.. Oakland. CaL
' r'QcAJ-'H; J" Ui monthly— New modern cottape
"11 4 larce rooms; hleh basement; immense
J-wdo trees; Ehrubbe-ry; grand sell; well shel-
tered rook; 28 houses gone up In 4 months;
near church chapel and school; electric cars
near by; 4 main roads; a place where one
can rr.ore than make a living in the chicken
business if they wish; adjoining East Oak-
land; no foes nor raw winds; lot 162:6x100;
more land adjoining:; for price In all $1325.
Call or eend for circular, 455 Se\-.enth et.. op-
posite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
iree. H. Z- JONES, owner.
THE best bargain yet offered in Oakland; a
nice cottape cf S rooms and bath; large lot;
within 14 blocks of City tlall: good location;
11250 lor one veek only; easy term*.
E. E. DUNCE.
•'■ ■ 852 Broadway.
t M. DODGE fc £OX.
1160 Broadway. Oakland.
Tcir-0 — Ecmethlrg extra nice In the way of
« modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
i«n<1 out toward Berkeley; let 60x125; 7 rooms
i nd bath. Call ar.d let us 6how you this. '.
TlOL'SEb of every description and price for
*al«> or rent. Apply to XV. E. BABNARD.
HIS Proadway; telephone Main 10. t
7.~\VEKK'S news for C rents— The Weekly Call.
IS mr*!>. In wanr>*>r for ttmlllnt. $1 p»r year.
~OAJCL,AXD COTTAGES TO LET.
■UNKT lower flat. S large rooms; electric ser-
vice throusrlvnut; I coal and 1 gas grate; large
.Corner lot: Sawn: fruit and shade trees and
~?lwere- let elevated: choice locality: will rett
l*v to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
av» '* electric cars, corner Washington and
]-irhth «e.. roroe within 1 block. Call cr
n'fiArrr* 1659 Ninth av*.. Hart Oakland.
OAKLAND F£^XIXIJnLE^ FOR^^ALB.
'AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
rumlture dealer. JJtL and I'Vankiln. Oakland.
OAKLAXD HOUSES AVAXTEP. |
ABOUT 8 rooms, ■ furnished near car line: Ver-
non Hcignts. Address box 2?65. Call. Oakland.
s£ KOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN avei'. 102. off Polk— 3. nice housekeep-
ing rooms and bath.
ELEVENTH, 231— One room for light house-
keeping. .
FIFTH. 34S— Suite of rooms for housekeeping;
rent cheap. . .
JONES. 614— Parlor floor of three rooms, EUita-
ble for housekeeping; two single rooms, $7. $8.
LEAVENWORTH, 517—2 or 3 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping. ■ .
MASON, 514— Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping. ■
MCALLISTER, 536— Sunny furnished suite;
sink: gas range; bath; laundry; $16.
MISSION. 2045— Two rooms complete for house-
keeping for man and wife, and no children. ;
OAK, 11*— 2 sunny large parlors; furnished;
heavy housekeeping; gas; 2 beds; $16.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencir. st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions.
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. and Cnfarn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
X-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms.
25c to H per night; $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No.- 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 2519B— 2 nicely sunny furnished ,
rooms; reasonable.-
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished Bunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 310 — Fine newly furnished front par-
lor: eunny; reasonable. 1
FOLSOM. 743— Large sunny front parlor suit-
able for 3 gentlemen; also single; rent cheap.
FOLSOM St.. corner Ninth— Large sunny bay-
window room, $9; adults.
FOURTEENTH. 6«i corner Market— Unfur-
nlshed front parlor in new flat; bay-window.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137— Sunny furnished rooms, en suite
or single.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
tt.. near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
£0c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city: references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
MCALLISTER, 935— A furnished sunny front
rooms, with bath and eras. . •
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 638. near Jones— Pleasant room,
$6 month. -
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, J22— A sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low. •
BUTTER, 220# (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to VI; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
SUNNY parlor suites, suitable for couple or 3
young men; board optional; private family;
north of and ten minutes' walk from Market.
"Phone East 713."
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st sts—
In the "Warm Belt"; free from prevailing
fogs; choice sunny suits; first class.
THE Irvingdale. 626 Eddy— Suite suitable for
three gentlemen with board, $60; single rooms
with board. \22 50 up; excellent table.
THE Plerpont, 418 Kills— Everything new; most
elegantly furnished apartments; first-class
dining-room. ... , .
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Niara, 61S Taylor— Nicely fur. rms. ;
running water; excellent board; reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny rooms with
board. 316 Eddy et.
PINE, 793— Large parlor suite; also single
rooms; excellent board; very moderate.
PRIVATE rooms and board; newly furnished;
at very low rates. 827 Mission Bt.
VAN NESS, E19— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other suites; table board.
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
RDPTTJRE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
NOTICE — Abandoned children In Roman Cath-
olic Orphan Asylum, since July., 1900: Emma
Breig. age 12 years; Carrie Breig, age 8 years;
Elizta Winthrop, ac-' 10 years .-.Grace Win-
throp, age 9 years. •
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124, 235 4th.
ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, exchange; re-
palrlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PTERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 MIs-
Bion St.; teL Howard 84L F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. S320 Fillmore st ; phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission et.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN : "TTPEWRITER&^We"
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $1 The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmaf free. 209 Eansome.
WANTED— TO BUy]
ROOMING-HOUSE, 20 to 20 rooms; or to rent—
large unfurnished flat. M. S. Blount, 119 Jones.
-_ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra. Costa Water Company^
room 16, second floor, Mills building— San
Francisco, December 3. 1901— Dividend No. 195.
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company,' will be
payable at the office of said company, room
16, second floor. Mills building, on December
IS, 1901; transfer books will close on Decem-
ber 9, 1901, at 3 p. m. EDWARD McGAR Y,
Secretary. -
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 36, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the "issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California St., San Francisco, on December
Id - 1901. - Transfer books close December
3. 1301 at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's. Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; In bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg. ; phone Black 3604.
' - PROPOSALS. ,
BIDS Wanted— Notice - Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome St.,
Ean Francisco, Cal.. up to 10:30 o'clock a. m.,
SATURDAY, December 21, 1901, and opened
Immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). for six months ■ commencing
January 1. 1902. and ending June 30. 1902.
Schedules with information and Instructions
tor submitting bids will be ' furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow. the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it Is
in accordance with such schedules. I Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-houf* for at least 10 per cent of the
* amount of his bid. payable to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice. of acceptance as required by law.. .The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or -under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13. 320 Eansome st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of ■ Direct-
ors. J. J. ECOVILLE. Secretary;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAJY, DECEMBER 10, 1901.
MARBIAGE ; LICENSES
Tho following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Daniels Sorbi. S8, 8 Prescott place, and Ma-
ria Paclini, 28, a Prescott place. « '
Frank R. Lanterman, 33, Chicago, and Grace,
G. Conroy, 19, Chicago. . .:
Mark R. Plaisted. 34. Fresno, Cal., and. Min-
nie SorenRon. 22, KJarbollinsr, Denmark. "
Eugene W. Howell, 2L Carson City, Nev.,
and Maude W. Halnes, 18. Genoa, Nev. • .. -
Louts Flesch, 21, 626 California street, and
Fannie Haberman. 19, 62G California street.-
Adolph C. Wolf, 22, 1305 Leavenworth street, V
and Ger.evieve O. Goe, 20, 1002 Leavenworth.
Johii R. McDonald, 29. Boston. Mass., and
Ella Waldo. 27, city. .
Antone C Anderson, 21, 407 Sutter street,
and Harvey O. Babcock/ 18, 2531 Pine street;
Edward T. Floyd, 27. 1412 Hyde street, and
Tillle Sharp, 18, 147 Tenth street. .
Giuseppi Martlr.elli, 30. 122 Green street,
and Kosina 'AgreBti, 18, 122 Green street.
John E. Allen. 32. Oakland, and Anita M.
Revat, 20, Oakland. ' <
Santo Moscone,' 2S, 1117 Lake street, and
Flora Moscone, 25, 33 Oakwood street.
John F. Moore, 30, 54 Sixth street, and Caro-
line Mas, 33, 2938 Sixteenth street..
Whitaker Ray. 21, 736 Bush street, and
Gladys L. Piver, 19, 712 Sutter street.
Lulgi Campi, 32, 33Vi Oakwood street, and
Caterina Crossettl, 24, 33% Oakwood street.
BIRTHS— MARRU&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices apd be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
' BOBN.
ALTMAN— In this city, December 6. 1901, to
the wife of Charles Altman, a son.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, December 3, 1901.
to the wife of Thomas F. Fitzpatrick, a son.
MYLAR— In this city, November 30, 1901, to the
wife of J. P. Mylar, a daughter. •
MARRIED.
EBELING— ZINGELMANN— In this city, De-
cember 6. 1901, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Henry Ebellng and Frieda Zingelmann, both
of San Francisco.
GRAY— STONE— In this city, December 8, 190L
by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, John S. Gray
cf San Francisco and Fannie M.. Stone of
New York. • . ... . ■ . •
PLAISTED— SORENSON— In this city, Decem-
ber 9, 1901. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of
the First English . Lutheran Church. Mark R.
Plaisted of Fresno, Cal., and Minnie Soren-
son of KJarbollinsr, Denmark.
PERSSON— OLSON— In this city, December 7.
1901, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander of the First
English Lutheran Church, Gottfrid Persson
and Pella Olson, both of San Francisco. ,
REINFELD— CASHMAN— In this city, Decem-
ber 7. 1901, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Heinrich Reinfeld and Josephine Cashman,
both of this city. ■ ■
DIED.
Avery, Edith M. Levy, Saul
Bell, William • McLean, John W.
Blackmon, Sophia Mason, Kesia \ -
Breeze, Sophie Manning, John F.
Christianson, Karini Maurer, Elizabeth
Delaney. Alford L. O'Reilly. Annie M.
Foote, Hugh ! Phelan, Thomas
Firth, Joepeh B. Raas, Ernestine
Gould. Albert R. Sullivan, Julia
Huntington. Bella Smith, Terrance
Hutchins, Lillie E. Weiss, Margaret E.
Karstens, Henry Whitelaw, Mary A.
Koeper, Otto ' ....
AVERY— In this city, December 7, 1901, Edith
M., beloved wife of William A. Avery, and
mother of Marlon Macdonald and'Frankie
and Ada Avery, a native of ' Iowa, aged 82
years 8 months and 1 day.
ETTriends and acquaintances and members
of lvanhoe Circle No. 125, C. of F.. are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of lvanhoe Circle No."
. 125, C. of F., will assemble at A. W. Martin
& Co.'s undertaking parlors, 319 O'Farrell
street, to-day at 1:30 o'clock, to attend the
funeral ' of our late companion, Edith M.
Avery. MISS V. McNORTON. C. C.
MRS. A. PEMBERTHY, Financial Sec.
BELL— In this city, December 9, 1901, William
Bell, a native of Scotland, aged 69 years.
(C^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10:30 o'clock, at the chapel of I.' O.
O. F. Cemetery. . ..
BLACKMON— In this city, December 9, 1901.
Sophia Blackmon, dearly beloved -wife of
Frank Blackmon, beloved daughter of Frank
H. and Mary L- Staples, and beloved sister
of C. D. and F. A. Staples, a native of Kern
County, Cal., aged 29 years." (New York and
Montreal papers please copy.) - '
(C7"The funeral will take place Thursday,
December 12, 1901, at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1308 Greenwich street,,
between Larkln and Polk streets. Flease
omit flowers. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BREEZE— In this city, December 8, 1901, So-
phie, beloved wife of-J. H. Breeze, and
mother of Ada Breeze, a native of San Fran-
cisco. . i . '.
IC?"The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 214 Van Ness avenue, thence to . St.
Ignatius Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9:30 o'clock. Interment private. .
CHRISTIANSON— In Oakland. December 8.
1901, Karlni Christianson, beloved wife of the
late Captain H. O. Christianson, and mother
of 'Walter, Lawrence. Annie and Henrietta
Christianson, a. native of Norway, - aged 66
years 6 months and 23 days.
• ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 720 Harrison street.
DELANEY— In this city, December 9, 1901, Al-
ford L. Delaney, a native of Michigan, aged
77 years 10 months and 18 days.
FOOTE— In this city, December 8, 1901, Hugh,
dearly beloved husband oi Eliza Foote, and
father of Rev. P. J. Foote, S. J., a native
. of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 70 years
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 33fil Twenty-flrst street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Guerrero and Twenty-
third streets, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the r«>DO6e ■ of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Kindly omit flowers.
FIRTH— In this city, December 9, 1901, Joseph
B. Firth, beloved husband of Evelina L.
Firth, and father of Miss Fannie Firth and
J. K. Firth of San Francisco, a native of
England, aged 74 years.
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
GOULD— IN this city, December 9, 1901, Al-
bert R., beloved husband of -Lucia M. Gould,
. and father of Mrs. Eva B. Kendall, a native
of Maine, aged 50 years 7 months and 3 days. -
ICT'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral parlors of Truman & Co., 318
Mason street, between O'Farrell and Geary.
HUNTINGTON— In this city. December 7, 1901,
Bella, beloved wife of Edward Huntington, a
native of England, aged 61 years. (New York
and Oregon papers please copy.)
lEy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
Etreet. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HUTCHINS— In this ' city, December 8, 1901,
Lillie E., beloved wife of Thomas B. Hutch-
ins, a native of California, aged 42 years 6
months and 3 days.
' (C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the • funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1707 Euclid avenue, Berkeley. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
KARSTENS— In this city, November 24, 1901,
Henry Karstens, a native of Germany, aged
52 years. A member of C. Schuetzen Club.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nai.B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy street, where services will be
held under the auspices of ' San Francisco
Aerie No. 5, F. * .O. E. ; Remains at the par-
lors ol H. F. Suhr & Co., -1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and . Eighth. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. ..-'.'
KOEPER— In this city, December 9, 190L Otto
Koeper, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
33 years.
%y Remains at the parlors ■ of Charles J.
B. Metzler, 636 "Washington street.
LEVY— In this city, December 9. 1901,- -Saul
Levy, husband and father of the late
Sharna and I. D. Levy, and beloved
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln SchooL - \
Telephone South 80. . .
Mt. Qlivet Cemetery,
V,.'f; San Mateo County!
OFFICE U»". MARKET STREET.
■' J. HENDERSON. Manager. ■
I Eugene McGinn. „ McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY' STREET,
Telephone South 252. • San Francisco.
■ No_Connection With Any_ Other House. -
}' UNITED UNDERTAKERS")
27 and 20 rifTh St. Tel. South 107 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND CMBALMERsfl
Flnect Equipment at Moderate Rfttes. \
— "mm— wi* — ■■. T-~-iniir r ~Tn w <ir~ni w^r~i>Jr
I JAMBS WcGINN,
Formerly with . McGinn Bros./ has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. ■ bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676. gj
i\EW F1KM OF UiNDEitTAKERS.-
Samuel McFadden, 18 years, manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; : M. : J.
McBrearty. with the same company for- 18
years; P. F. Green, , late with J. C.' O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new - Funeral Par-
lors' nt 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elchth. Telephone . South , 44." : . ••;:; —
father of Jcseph H.. Abraham H., Ellis H.
and Alexander H.,Levy, Mrs. A. Kramer and
Mr3. Sarah Thall, a native of , Poland, • aged
• ;74 years 10 months and 3 days. - ■ , .
• C7 1 Friends and Accuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at' 10 o'clock, from:. his late
residence, 605 Grove street, thence to Third
and Townsend streets by 11:30 o'clock train.
Kindly ' omit.' flowers.. Interment Hills of
• Eternity Cemetery. ' ' ' . : ... '• '
McLEAN— In this city, December, 8. 1901, John
' W. McLean, beloved husband of. Elizabeth
. McLean, a native of Canada, aged 47 years
•and 11 months.
• icy Funeral to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
. Laurel Hill Cemetery. :
MASON— In the City arid County 'Hospital," X>e-
. cember 9, 1901. Kesia Mason, a . native of
Ohio, aged 06 years.
MANNING— In Petaluma. December 8, 1901,
John F. Manning, beloved son of Thomas H.
and Mary Manning, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years 1 month and 7 days.
MAURER— In Oakland, December • 9, 1901.
Elizabeth, beloved mother of Paul, and John
Maurer, Mrs. George Gansberer. Mrs. < L.
Reid, Mrs. W. Dewar and Mrs. L. P. Crane,
a native of Germany, aged 77 years.
O'REILLY— In this city, December 9, 1901. An-
nie M., beloved wife of John "W. . O'Reilly,
and sister of Frank W. Murphy, a native of
Dublin,' Ireland, aged 39 years and 6 months.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
: ' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the. par-
• lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. ■ : ..
THELAN— In this city December 9, 190L
Thomas Phelan, a native of Ireland, aged 71
years. . -. -. • . ■ • • -
RAAS— In this city, December 8. 1901, Ernes-
■ tine, ■ beloved wife of Emanuel Raas, and
mother of Alfred E., Mrs. Henry Gundelfln-
: rer, Charles and- Alice Raas, a native of
I Strasbourg, Alsace, aged 53 years 4 months
' and 23 days.
(Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 517 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
' Home^ of Peace Cemetery, by' 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. By.
; special request, please omit flowers. . . ■
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 8, 1901, at
1128 Alabama street. Julia, j beloved wife of
Joseph Sullivan, and mother of Ju'ia and the
late Ann Sullivan, a native of County Cork,
! Ireland. . .., . \
- (GTriends and j acquaintance* j are respect-
\ fully invited t<i attend the funeral to-day
. (Tuesday),' at f$30 o'clock, fro to. the. parlors
• of J. C. O'Connor & Co.,.- 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at '9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. : • .
SMITH— In this city, December 8, 1901. Ter-
ranco Smith, a native of Ireland, aged 93
■ yeara. - . ■ - •
IC7" Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
1 & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
J and Eishth. .
WEISS— In this city; December 8, 1901, Mar-
garet E. ' Weiss (nee McAuliffe), dearly be-
loved wife of Frank J. Weiss, devoted mother
of Elizabeth A.,' Richard L., Frank J. Jr.
and Robert E. Weiss,- and lovlnsr sister of
Edward P. and Agnes A. McAuliffe, a native
of San .Francisco, aged 28 years 11 months
and 13 days. »
tC7The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 894 Twenty-second street, thence to
. St. Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul- at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross .Cemetery. .-■ ■ . /
WHITELAW— In this city, December 7, 1901,
Mary A., beloved wife of Frank Whitelaw,
mother of William Garneau and Mrs. Charles
' Birg, daughter -of the late -John and 'Mary
McDonald, and sister of John, James ami
■ Robert ■ McDonald, Mrs. P. Hayes, Mrs. H.
Schroder and the late Mrs. Elizabeth Luzier.
a native of ■ Pennsylvania, aged 46 years 9
' months and 15 days. •
icy-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, 161 Silver street, between
Third and Fourth, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
wjll be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
Shanahan Florist Co.
**< ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .V •
107 POWELL ST.nearELUSSZ? 5056
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From
Page Eight.
500 Lion 07
1000 Monarch of Arizona...;..'. .;:.:.■.; 18
100 Monte Cristo 165
200 Monte Cristo" '..:-...."......;...%..:...-..." 1 70
400 Oil City Petroleum ....:.;..:..:%....,. 20
1000 Superior;....;.. 07 -
■'■'-■■• Afternoon Session. " ; ''
. .•• Board —
1000 Four ,...":. 47
1 Hanford 93 00
4000 Lion 07
1000 Lion, fl 90.... ;. 07
100 Monte-.Cristo 175
100 Monte Cristo .....;.,.... 1774
500 Oil City Petroleum 20
100 Oil City Petroleum, s 90.... 20
900 Oil City Petroleum 21
S00 Petroleum Center 03
MINING .STOCKS. -
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: . ••'.'
... Morning . Session.
300 Belcher Ill 30O Gould & Curry 05
600 Best & Belcher 13 400 Ophir 68
500 Best & Belcher 121 400 Union Con 10
- • . Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher ....12 200 Ophir'... 67
600 Challenge 09 300 Silver Hill ..... ,28
200 Con Cal & -Va..l 60 600 Silver Hill 26
100 Crown Point... 02 800 Union Con 11
300 Mexican ........ 13 600 Utah 05
100 Ophir 68
- The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: ■ •
■ . • Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher 13 500 Hale & Norc... 12
300 Caledonia -.. ■ 16 200 Mexican 14
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60. 1Q0 Ophir 68
Afternoon Session."
200 Belcher ...12 500 Crown Point... 02
100 Best & Belcher 13 200 Mexican 14
400 Challenge Con. 09 200 Ophir 67
100 Challenge Con.. .10 500 Potosl 03
200 Chollar 04 200 Sliver Hill 26
150 Con Cal & .Va..l 60 600 Silver Hill 21
: CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY; Dec. 9-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice 01 02
Alta 05 06 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash .... 01 ' —
Belcher 12 13 Mexican 13 14
Best & Belcher 12 13 Occidental ,..".;. 02 04
Bullion 02 03 Ophir .'. 67 69
Caledonia 13 14 Overman 02 03
Challenge Con.. 08 10 Potosl .......... 02 03
Chollar ......... 03 04 Savage- 03 04
Confidence ....: 65 60 Scorpion ........ — . 04
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 63 Seg Belcher — 01
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 05 06
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 24 26
Crown Point... 01 02 St Louis ....;... — 04
Eureka Con...." 14 — Standard 3 35 3 85
Exchequer ....;>— 01 Syndicate 05-07
Gould & Curry 04 05 Union Con 10 " 11
•Hale & Norc... "• 12 13 Utah ./. :... 05 06
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 05 -.07
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A J Smiley & w, Cal E Lamb, St Louis
. D P McBurney, Mo C J Rheln, Sacto
O Byers. Iowa " . A Harrison, Butte
Miss Belle Byers, la WE Pears & fm. Or .
J C Williams & w. Ill S Young & w, Neb
H Lefferdlnk.'Neb Mrs A H Gaylor & ch,
M S Hobart,.Neb Los Angeles- • ..
Florence O Burnett, J Long & w, Monterey
Palo Alto A Adcock, Healdsburg
Thos Qulnn, Chicago W L Jones, San Jose
A J Tomas Cal- :: - Geo Trunkenboth, WiB
Miss C Williams, Sacto Miss B Clanton. Sacto
RUSS HOUSE.
E W Walton.. Chicago 1 Mr Gumm &' w, Napa
S "L Thomas, Spokane L Dean, Reno "•-.. .
Jas Rooch, Petaluma A A Lasatee & w, 111
• A Simon, Stockton Peter Wark, Seattle
J E Casey & w, Cal J C Sturgeon, Iowa. •
SH White,. Cal ; G Voght, Iowa t:
C.Mandeville, St Barb J H Roberts, Sacto
H Mandevllle, St Barb G L Hawkes, Nev
Luiben . Lyon, Wis Hugh Jack, Nev . :
S . A ■ Gulberson Jr., Cal W A Joseph, Chicago
J A Hammett, .Chicago J. P. Mahoney & fmy,
M Malcom, Manila •. Baltimore • '
John Truscatt. . Cal F K Morgensen. NY
G W Brown, Jackson P J Prideaux. Butte
R D ■ Crowder. ■ Madera C A Wilkinson & w
C E Wood, DownieVille ' Portland
S E Wood, Downleville. T M Jamelson & fmy
B Galloway, Cal Sacto
J D Howard. Seattle I .
Trust Company Affairs Muddled.
OMAHA', Dec/ 9.— There was no develop
ment to-day In the affairs of the Omaha
Lioan | and , Trust \ Company. - Counsel - for
the trust company: said that the officials 1
,were not prepared at this time to make a
statement, of the company's condition, but
that one would be forthcoming very soon;
He confirmed I the -v statement made by
President Wyman of | the trust companv
that the City Savings Bank' was in no
way involved in the affairs .of the trust
company, and said that they .' were dis
tinctly separate : concerns. -.
An - Old" Soldier Asphyxiated.
. LEAVENWORTH, ;Kans.,:Decl- 9.—
James McGill. ; an' old soldier, was ; found
dead in his room'' in a rooming-house" at
3' o'clock this afternoon;. his death having
been caused by; asphyxiation, -.;
REBELS FLEE
TO MOUNTAINS
Government Troops Or
dered to Pursue the
Liberals.
Proof Is Found at Colon of
the Conspiracy Against
\ Colombia!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
- COLON, Dec. 9.— Word comes that the
rebels, who had surrounded. Agua Dolce,
fied to the mountains when the Boyaca
hove in sight with Government ■ troops.
The latter landed and are advancing to
Nata, where the Liberal . troops hold the
position. The chief detachment of the
troops of General Castro is in Agua
Dulcet The Government army is com
posed of 1000 men, and it has orders from
General Alban to follow the Liberals into
the bush. General Jeffries is not in th<3
Government service at present. •
General Alban is ill in Panama with a
fever caught while disembarking Sat
urday morning from the Tribune in the
rain. . •
The Boyaca is expected to arrive at
Panama to-day. ■ If he • is able, General
Alban will embark on her for Agua Dulce
as soon as • she arrives. The Machias
leaves Tuesday for San Juan,' Porto
Rico, and report says the Iowa leaves
Panama Thursday.: :• . . .
Conspiracy Against Colombia.
When leaving Colon the Liberals for
got certain papers and documents, | and
the Government discovered these to be
a find of great value, clearly proving a
conspiracy and an alliance of President
Castro of Venezuela with President Ze
laya of Nicaragua against the Govern
ment of Colombia. One document Is a
cable filed by General Domingo Diaz,
chief of the revolutionists, with the Eng
lish Cable Company, some hours after
his evacuation of Colon. It is addressed
to President ; Castro and 'reads:
Colon, Nov. 24.— To • President* Castro,
Caracas: Colon is in the possesion of
the revolution. Hasten a fleet here to
seize the Pinzon. Tell Zelaya to rein
force us. |> DOMINGO 'DIAZ,
Civil and Military Chief.
■ Other documents. . which ! -emanated
from President Alfaro and dated Guay
aquil - leave, no . doubt as to his conspir
ing against. Colombia.
Castro's Offer Is Refused.
BOGOTA, Colombia, Dec.~ 9.^Francisco
Herboso, Chilean Minister- to Venezuela
and Colombia, who by authority of his
Government offered to arbitrate the dif
ferences between Venezuela and Colom
bia, and received from President Castro
an acceptance replete with recrimina
tions and with provisions calculated to
make it impossible, sent the following
answer to the chief executive of Ven
ezuela: ■ -. -. . ..... ..„.. :■;,
Thanks for your Excellency's answer. The
Colombian Government officials - communicate
that they believed that they could accept medi
ation, and that when the opportunity arrives
each country would set forth its grievances and
complaints and put forward claims to indemni
fication to which it believed Itself entitled,
backing its demands with documents and docu
mentary . proof and accepting the calm and
impartial award of the mediator. I regret to
communicate to your Excellency that the Co
lombian' Government considers that the condi
tions indicated by your Excellency cannot be
honorably accepted by Colombia. I also pro
foundly regret, as well in the name of my
Government as in my own name, .not having
been able to obtain the re-establishment of the
most complete harmony between these two gov
ernments and sister republics.
DISAPPOINTED "IN I/O VE .;;,
SHE COMMITS SUICIDE
Young Girl Swallows Large Quantity
of Strychnine in the Presence of ,
- . , Her Family.
RED LODGE, Mont.,; Dec. 9. — Because
her lover, did not return Fannie Hundley,
aged 17 years, swallowed the contents of
a bottle of strychnine, dying in terrible
agony twenty minutes later. Her sweet
heart and she had a difference, and Miss
Hundley remarked to her sister that if
her lover failed to return the next Sun
day evening, she would kill herself. On
that night he. did not come, and the.dis
carded, girl went into the kitchen ! and
swallowed the ' poison, afterward eating a
piece of cake. Her sister came into the
room and the girl coolly- asked to dance,
and together they waltzed a few minutes,
when. Miss Hundley dropped to the floor
and very soon expired, her last agonies
being witnessed by her whole family. ,'.-.'.- :
OUTLAWS MAY ATTEMPT .
■^ TO RESCUE PRISONERS
Wyoming Officials Prepare to Defeat
Plans of a Noted Gang of
Desperadoes.
CHEYENNE, Dec. 9.— A story is in cir
culation here that six members of what Is
known as the Curry gang of outlaws, who
it is said had planned to hold up a Union
Pacific train during the transfer of con
victs from Laramie to Rawlins and liber
ate Bob Lee, alias Curry, and other mem
bers of the sang who are serving time in!
the State penitentiary." have been trailed
to the Big Horn country and that a posse
of officers is now pursuing them. The out^
laws are headed for Montana, are mount
ed on fast horses and are well armed. ■
It is announced j that the convicts at
Laramie will be moved to the new. peni
tentiary at Rawlins this week, the ■ first
carload of prisoners going , forward to
morrow. A large force of armed guards
will accompany each train carrying the
prisoners.
LONDON AXTTHOBITIE^ .
STILL HOLD ST. JOHN DIX
Alleged Bank Wrecker Prom What
com Thus Par. Successfully
1 Evades Extradition. .--
j LONDON, Dec. 9.— St. John Dix, who is
charged with larceny committed in the
United States and who is alleged to have
wrecked the Scandinavian-American Bank
at.Whatcpm, Wash., was again remanded
at the Bow-street Police Court. to-day un
til December 17, In spite of the protests
of the United States embassy officials.
Counsel for the prisoner claimed that he
had not had time to examine the extradi
tion papers. -
. Dix, who looked exceedingly dapper, ad
dressed the court in support of a further
remand, declaring "there is a lot which
is not true in. those papers." . •
RAILROAD CAR ROLLS
. DOWN i AN EMBANKMENT
One Mail Receives Fatal Injuries ar.d
Twenty-Two Others Are Badly
. . . Burned.
PERU, Ind., Dec. 9.— A boxcar loaded
with workmen ahead of the engine of a
construction train on the Cincinnati and
Muncle road jumped the track .two miles
east of this city this afternon and rolled
down a flfteen-foof embankment, result
ing In fatal Injury to one, serious injury
to two others arid minor Injuries to twen
ty other occupants of the car. ;
The men fell in a heap in one end of the
car, a red-hot stove catching Perry Land
ers of North Judson' beneath it and pin
ning him down. ' He was terribly burned
and slight . hopes are entertained for, his
recovery. •,> • •- . - v< ..
Fire Destroys j a Michigan Village
KALAMAZOO,- Mich., 1 Dec; 9.— The, en
tire -business portion 1 of the village of . Go-.
bles, twenty miles west of Kalamazoo,'
was destroyed; by. fire yesterday. Sixteen
business places were burned • and, the • to
tal loss is estimated to be about $100,000.
The insurance is small." The cause of the
fire, which started : In • a' . butcher shop, Is
unknown. There- was no loss of life.
Safe-Robbers Make a Good Haul.
MERIDIAN, Miss.i'Dec. 9.— The Newton
Countysafe was last night of $4000
in pension a warrants,- a large quantity of
teachers' warrants and a number of post
office % money - orders and a t quantity • ' of
stamps, and over $900 in cash.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ■ .■-' '■'■■'■
The Bad Boy's Bowel Blessing
I , Nature punishes every excess," not only : of the bad £oyy ; trat of, ourselves "as
well. Over-eating, over-drinking, under-sleeping result irr bowel troubles liable.
' to become serious. 1 '"'^ /". ' ',
,^8^^ jLai ' "My children will take Casearets sooner than any otfcaif
jFgp ..fcs^v medicine."— Mrs. Frank Mumert, Princeton. 111.
gS0^ ■ -~ /^E • ■ \ji "I am now using Cascareta in my family auJ they arfl
Mar /&= jp— X.. . ' . wonderful among children." . . ■ ■ • - -
&s^' y J^*lt » —Lee D. Thompson, Portsmoutlf.y a.
tf/rw JrS.\ WV. 1 "Our little irlrVwas troubled with constipation for over
WSM/AslSJlJ * 1 two years. Casearets cured her. They are also the best
Wm&LiSi/r'^ k*^i remedy for colds we ever used."
BSsSI \m»1'^» —Mr. and lira. Ralph Dutord. Clayton, N. Y.
aRWlf /,. . J| /If IIM "I Bare nsed Casearets and have found them » most.
K^ftS Vv/^* 1 l/JtSb, I fl excellent remedy for both, myself and mv children."
W^yca -»N L^f^.^ife^~*& '/n^V fy —Mrs. Bridget McCrosson, %i Bead St.. Philadelphia, Ps.
• V BIZS" r*~ '»"* n J Ji . "Cascareta ar«tha easiest medicine to give to children
XSaJB&^J^ * v * - a _ f- - I ever came acros*."' -..'•■•- - T • • . ;.
EWj &? »"* \. - V~J —Mrs. E. F. Rellly, 4581 Calvin St.. Plttsburg, Pa.
JBV ft JL-— \. . f^ . "Cascarets are ■vrondorftillTeood for children.'"
\ i\ aT*?>?3^V I $ (k —Mrs. VVm. Roan, Catamount, N. Y.
W«H\w££k"5y\\f ,r\_i "'We- hare nsed Cascarets for threo years for the
* i w / I ifl ' children as well as ourselves. They do just what
r "ILamAl l/r they are .recommended to do."
. S^^ /Ji —Mrs. P. M. Kolling, .418 Dock St., StaibenrlUe, O.
%a^J?* m *i&*Sf* fi^ayt^^ *>w "My two boys think Caacarets are Cindy. I ne-rrj
S, - r T, , n»To to insist on their taking them. I sleep with
' l S f ' ~^^M^ i-lir ' - " ■ '■ I - ■ *' * >OT of Casearets ■ under my pillow. No horns
r [ * s . / should bo without th«m.' r ! .-
Iff/ _s^mW*^>>^ I -'- — Sirs. G. A. Preseott, Chieajo. 111..
. \li Vv "Cascireta ire' tnV most pleasant remedy I have.
H&J i. STlJI i I \VV^ / ever used: The only trouble I have with them is to
Wl In I u >«L keep the children- from taking too many."
'rarlf M i\\ \ 7/ —Mrs. Jennie F.Mitchell,
1^3 9 S \<m \ 8 ' ; . ' 1012 Locust Street, Pittsbnrs, Pa.
££vfs&^* ¥ f O<JM. "I have nerer nsed any remedy that has been as
HmMtVtffcBl jf .1 good as Cascarets. Have to keep them hidden from
JBBHHBI'™^. I my little boy, a3 he eats them like candy."
* *S*-^r .. . ;._ • — Mrs. Eobt. O. Fay, Goes, Ohio.
• 5 Every good, healthy, hearty boy is sometimes a. bad boy — bad to himself;/. and ;
will do^ things in the green apple, mince f pie or. other over-eating line that will
twist his. bowels. Men are only boys grown fall. In such a case what is needed
is not a violent physic that ,w31 . rack the tender bowel tissues, but Cascarets*
Candy Cathartic, gentle but sure to act at once and put things right: They :
are the most perfect medicine in the world for all forms of indigestion, dyspepsia
and constipation. • .. ' • • ".
/RS*\ /•/">!■ n Vrv Best for the Bowell< A11 druggists, roc, 25c, 50c/ Never sold In bnlkl \
'l%V»WWwMa^aVa5 The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
VfciT. SZ. ZttbT^ back ' Sample and Hoolclet free. Address ...
" **^ Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. , .. m
DIPLOMACY MAY
INDUCE ILLNESS
Secretary of the German
Treasury Suddenly
Stricken.
BERLIN, Dec. 9.— Dr. Hasse, the Pan-
German leader in the Reichstag, has been
defeated, at least temporarily, in his pur
pose of bringing the Edinburgh speech of
Britlsl} Colonial Secretary Chamberlain
before the Reichstag by. the sudden and
possibly diplomatic illness of Dr. von
Thielmann, the Secretary of the Treasury."
It was Dr. Hasee's intention to start a dis
cussion on Chamberlain's remarks during
an interpellation to-day on the subject of
veterans' pensions. The promised . sensa
tion is postponed by the announcement
that Dr. von Thielmann, who was to have
replied to the interpellation, is suffering
from influenza.
Count von Ballestrem, the president of
the Reichstag,' announced to that body, to
day that Dr. von Thielmann had suddenly
become severely ill and was unable to re
ply to the Interpellation on the subject
of the veterans' pensions. Consequently,
after a few droning speeches on the tariff
bill, the house adjourned.
Count von Bulow may reply to an in
terpellation concerning the situation in
Poland to-morrow, although this is far
from -certain. It Is certain, however, that
the Government is much vexed . over the
recent uproar in Poland and the adverse
criticism abroad, caused by the convic
tions ' of Polish parents -who mobbed
Prussian school teachers who had flogged
Polish children for refusing to learn- the
catechism and- prayers in "German, v --^>'t
Two thousand Poles met in Berlin last
night and held a- demonstration against
the Government. 'The ohainnaji of the
meeting, Herr Wrobel. affirmed that the
recent Polish agitation at "Warsaw and
Lemberg* was proof of the continued
solidarity ' of the Polish people, whether
the subjects of Germany, Russia or Aus
tria. The efforts of Prussia forcibly to
Germanize its slices of Poland were fail
ing to-day, he said, as they had always
failed. - *
The Polish agitation, although afford
ing good material for the British news
paper correspondents, who are making a
good deal oat of it, is not considered acute
by the best observers here. .
Sybil Sanderson Unable to Sing.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec, 9.-Sybil San
derson, who was expected to sing in
"Romeo and Juliet" with the Grau Opera
Company in Convention Hall, was unable
to do so, owing to the condition of her
throat. • - .
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa_Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. . .
■ • . '• Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Dally Dally.
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 » 8:00 p 4:29 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
•" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalla.... »:39 p 6:00 a
V Bakersfld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 &
• v Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a «.
" Chicago. M5p 8:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train ia the California Lim-
ited, carrying 'Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:0o a. m.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:.<0
■p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express. -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20* a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Of flees— 841 • Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
Via Sautolit* F«mr- r v vi ■
Commencing September 2a, 1901. . -'' '
VROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY.
FK AND SAN RAFAEL.
* -WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30.. »9:30, 11:00 a. m.
•ws ■ 3-15 4:15, 6:15, •6:15, 6:45 p. m.
FXTRA TRIPS— For. Mill Valley and San
Rffael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
?ov* at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
d SUNDAYS-*8:00, -10:00. »U:M a..m.. 1:15.
«-i5 ♦4:45 6:30. ?:30 p.- m.
'Trains iriarked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO' SAN FRANCISCO ,
* n 6UNDAYS-6:15, »8:00. '10:00. '11:45 «.' a
•wo *3-15 4:45. '»:S0 p. in..-.-, , • - -.- \
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6-.45. 6:45. 7:55, 8:55. 10:30 ifST.
1235 2:45. 3:50, 6:10 p. m. ■ *• • ■
EXT.HA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. . ,
SUNpAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m..; 12:05. 2:15, tdj
6:00, 6:45 P. ROVGU . trains.' ■'■'.'-'.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way ita-
lMS p.. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ' ' > "- v - ■-'
. ■ 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan . Mills and .way
stations. . : .= . ■ . .' ■ • •..
-■ Legal . Holiday boats and train* will run- oa
Sunday time. .. J ... .', .'■ ., - ,. ; -'--f...-
MOUNT ;TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave - Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
..' San Fran. Foot of Market St.- s San Fran. '
Wiek Sun- -a, us ,.«.ti^ •*,.««. . Sun - Wj?*
9-SO A. 8:0OA. -j. . ntumbf km* u I*) 1-00 P. 0.45 A. ;
- - Fan, Surnuotm to Summit udR*t<m.n.M. ■
: t Ikkrt OfflcM, (21 KA&UX 8I&EST ud UUS1UI0 HUZ.
SOUTHERN; PACIFIC.
Truln* Irnvr niKl nr« du« lo urrli • »■> ;
MAX rUaHCMCO,:^ : -
. (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
IXATB — From Dccembes 6, 1901. — - akbttb
■J:Ot»A Betiieia, Suiaun, . Elmtr* and Sacra- * ■' .*
. . IlientO ., , ...: . 8:55y
":00a Viciville, Winters," Riimser ~:53r
7:a«A Martin<!ir,.1auUaiiioii,V»!]e]o. N»p»,
.' C»llstPgasnaH»iit* Uosa. ........ fltSSr
8:0<»a Darin, Woodland. Knig&uXandinsf, • - ' '
■- MsrjSTille. itratilln.. ;..,..< '. 7tS*T :
S:OO» AtUuiie Kxpren— Ogilen mad K»»« »:S5a.
M:4>«> a NQes. Lithrop. Stockton ~ >2.1 p
. »:«O.k Nilce, Mendota, Hanford, VisaUl ' -.:
PorterTtlle ...: .77. 4-JHr
8 :31> a Shanu liiprem-Dnrlg, Williams (for ' - '
■ Bartlett Bprtara;. Willows, Bed"
Bluff. PorUsndV.. ,7i»»r
• iim* gun Jose, Ll»erruorr, MkoekWrn, . -
■ .. Inn*. .Sactameuto. , j riaoetillle, . •
SlnrjiTlllw, Chlco. Ue<l Illiiir * i23r
■:S»a Oakdale, Chinese, Honora. Tuolnmno 4:S3r
»:OOa Hayward, Wiles auJ Way Sutions.. 1IiS3a
»«OOAVaUejo..., .".......... l«:23)r
UsUOa Los Angeles Express — Martlnex, ' " '
' ■' Tracy. LaUirop. Stockton, Mrrced ' '*-
Fresno and LoaAnnele* ....: ~:35a
OtSOA V,ill,.jci. Mvtluinaiul War Hlatlom ?:»ap
I O:W<»A Tho OverUiHl I.lHiiUyl- Ogdeo, l>en-
■ Tor, Omaha. CUieago.. , »>»Sp
f I :(M»r .SHcram«iit» Utter Hio uiiihm. f 1 1 :UOr
8tU0r Iteniela, Winter*, Hacramento. ■ '. : \
■ Wuoillnnil, Knfuiits ijtiidluK,
SUrynfilli-, Or,,,il!e I»:55a
3:30p Hajwaril. Nllrsaml Way autlons.. ?>53p
4:IMIr Mitrtlnor.. H«n lUiuc.i,. V»lle]o.
Nairn. «.'i>[inU>Kn. Siuit* ICon »i53r
4 :0<>r Niles, Lirermoro. Stockton. L<xU... ia=a3p
•4:»<»r H»yward,'Nite«, Hiii Juge,. LiTtruioro' \HUHk
4:3»rTli« Owl Limited— KrMim.TuUre; t.
llnkerslleld. Haiigu* for Mauta Uu>
bara, Los Angoles .'■- H:S.T*
SiilOp Port Co»ta. Tr»cy. Latbroj*. Stockton ]O:33A
3:«Op Martfnfz. Autiocb, Stockton, Mex-
■ -eed.Fre»no^ ,....,» I*sSJ^-
O:W«r nn.rniinr,-»rlfnitiulHaii Jose....... 7.S**-
tOiOOp Vallojo 11:254
■ MiOUp Oriental ' Msll-Ogden. ' Dtnrer.
Omaha, St. Louis. f.'Mcugn -li23A
<iO»p()reKi>uaml OaiirornU Kx|>mn».Hno-
- • . • rknimibi. . AUrjmiU«. KviMIiik. ■ ■ »i
rortUii.l. l>M|{«t .Su.ii.d »ih1 Ka»» ; 9:33 A
«>'"P.B»n Pablo^ Fur* CwU, Mirttorz
• ml Way NUUinil i ■...-...- »l s»3*.
tBrOSp Vallfji. 1zZ*T,
-'.COAST l&SE ■{*•«•» <i»p B e). '■-
{Vtn>ti,tUnwkrt Street.) ■
'. •«!.■»* Ne<fmrk.«>iii«rilll<r,.'S>n.lom,lf'i^t4in, •" • •:
HmildtirCri'ek.SanlaCriiXHiiilWay
Ktiitioim.... •...'..... 3:3»»
f-Ji I nr Newark, CentqiTiltv. 8»n .Ii>«n, Dm ■• / -
- - Alitiitiwr, rfoltiHi, IliiuMor i./'reek, :. r •
KanU <-"fiK Ami liluclpal' W»j . r
Stations l»:."»»*
•Itlilp Nenwrk, Hmi .lo«o. r,im tiiton f»:3(U
a9.30.p Iluotcn' TralM— San Jlbo and Way
8ution» ■ V7.3«ir
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SIS flUSCISCO— Fool of lUrktt Street (Slip 8) — ' ■
17:15 'J:00 ' )I:0Oa.M. ' 1:33 3:J0 0:15r.M. .
rfOiuOlIUBD_raol«'Hr«vlv.»r.-f'i:l)0 +S.00 13:08
10:OOa.M. 12:03 2.0J 1:00 r.K. : .• '.'■-.,.
COAST. lilNE (Uroa.M.-nnRK). x
• (Third ami Tow nroml Sta.)
«ll«A »»a Jose and W»y Statious. «H4«»a
7i0O\ K»ii .limnml \V«y Sbitiuim..., ' j9-.n«>p
- /7i«M»A N<B» AI»:iMleti. ....:..„.■. /-IllOT
8:00a C/sst line Limited — 8»n Jew,
Uim y. Saltuaa, San Lois Obispo, < <'
Banta Barbara. Los Angrlts and
principal: intermediate stations.... 10:43p
- DiOOiKin .I.i.m. Ties riuos.-HHiita Cmx, ' '■ . . ■
rmiiiie Uronr, c-itlinas San LnU
'■ "' Obfipo sjhI Principal iutermedlat« ' ' -
Stations ... 4ilOp
HliltO.v San Jrse and Way Stations *:««* .
lls»<»A M»it Jim* ami Way MUtli.ns !>:40a
12:-l.%p San Matrii, lUdwixxl. Menlu Park.
l'alo Alto. SauU Clara, San June, .• . '
Trra Pinoa, SauU <;ruz. Saliuas. j
Monterey au<) I'acillc (Jnife jlOrCSA
3:S»r^an Joss and Way Station*. 3 l:aop
t I:l5r Ssn Joraami Principal Way Muttons OiSOf
. . 4 13 Or Sunset Limited— Mondays, Wednps- ' - '
'• ■ ■ days, Fridays, for Los Angslea, El ■ •
Paso New Orleans and New York. *
•■ ■ ~ ArriTea Sundays. Tuesdays and.
Thursdays '. - IllilSA
t»>«OrSan Jose, f.oa Gatoi aad l'rincipal .
WaySUtlon /. fti:O«4
SiSOr San .Toss mil Principal Way Stations 6:309
-rliHOp San .!»*« ami Way Stations T-.'lliT
7:00 r New Orleans Eiprens — flan Luis . ■/
• i Obiipo. 8a>nU Barbara, Los An-
■.. . . teles. D^rplge. El .Paso, New Orr . , .
■« leans and^Bask 7:30a
all»4.%r 3an Jo»g»ii.t Way Statloiw..; 7»3Oy
A for Morning . P for A f teruoon.
- tHiimUy ciccptedL 1 only. .' *-
a Saturday on! jr. j TUeadayj and Fridiyii^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES ...
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot. of Market St.
San Francisco. tQ. San Rafael. :
WEEK I>ATS-rT:30, . 9:00, U;00 a. . m.-, J2U3
1:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip ,
at ll:S0 p. m. Saturdays-Extra tripa at' l:W .
and 11:30 p, m. . -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. t:». U.*00 'a. m.1 l^Of J:M.
J:00. «:20 p. m. / : - ' ..
■ ' ' San Rafael to San Francisco. : .'- ,' : < '
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.'; 13:«3l
' 3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55 "
and- ( :35 p.m. :..-..•- ■ "--. ■ " j
6UNDAYS-J:10. »:«J. 11:19 a. m.; 1:«L. I:«t
6:05. 8:25 p.'m. •■ •- ■ t r '
Leave '1 In Effect •! • ArrtTe- ••.- .-.
San Francisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Franclawx, .
Week i Sun- I.. - - . I Sun- I Weela .
Days. I days. |' Destination. | . days. |, Days. >■
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, . 10:40 am 3:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 im
6:10 pm[ 5:00 pm Santa. Rota. 7:35 pm «:2i) pea
" ■*.-■ Fulton. ' ' ..■"
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
6:00 pm . Healdsburc. 10:40 am . ,• .
» Lytton, .> . '. ■ .
■ , '. Geyservllle. . .
2:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. .7:35 pm €:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm . Hopla/id, 10:40 am 10 \2& wax
3:30 pm S:00 am and Uklah. 7:33 pm 6:2* pm
7:30 am ■ ■' ' ' '' 10:40 am 10:2j am '
8:00 am Guerneville. ,7:33 pm ... •
1:30 pm 5:00 pm ■ ■ -■ . ' . ■.*:»> pm j
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma • 3:13 am 8:« am
- ' . ■ ' • . - ' .and ... . . ' : ,.
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:20 pm ■
7:30 ami 8:00 amf - - |1D:« am!IO:23 am
•3:30 pm[ 6.:00 pm| Sebastopol. - | 7:3a pm[ 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs. and Whl to Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle (or . Skaggs Springs; ■ at Cloverdala
tor the Geysers; at Hopland for Duneau.
Springs, ' Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Sarato?-*
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter •
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,' Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell'j. ,
Sanbedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, West- .
port. Usal. Willlts. Laytonvllle, Cummins. ,
bell's • Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotii .
and Eureka. ... -
Saturday to Monday round-trip' tickets at re*
duced rates. .- ■ -■'.-'- • ■
On Sundays ' round-trip tickets td all -points
.beyond San- Rafael ftf half . rates. • ■ -
Ticket office. SSV^ Market . street. Chronlcla
building. -:.---j »•!-'•- y- •■■ '-■'•■■ ■ -*'■"•
H. C. WHltlNO.- . R- X. RYAN.
• Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. . Agfc:
aJiT. Gibbon's Dispensary, .
629 KEARSY ST. £stabll<ibed
in 1SS4 for the treatmt* nt *>f Private '
DineaAes. Lost Manbood. Debility or
diwasp wearlngnn .body and mind and;
Skin Diseases, -The Doctor cures wlu-n
others fat*. rTry him. «.:harg«s low.-
('am eunrnntrrd. Call or writ*
Cr. J* S*. fllBSOaf. Hvx rrancl3C0, Cai, : t_. » ;
1112
HELPS HIMSELF
TO THE FREIGHT
Southern Pacific Com
pany Robbed by an.
Ex-Convict.
Most of Stolen Property Is
Recovered by Detec
tives.
Sam Clements, a notorious ex-convici,
was arrested on Saturday afternoon at
the corner of Bush and ' Kearny streets
and his name was placed on the small
book pending the Investigation of Detec
tives Kyan and O'Dea and Special On»
cers Dt win and Klndelon of the Southern
Pacific Company. The officers In charee
of the case have etnee secured sufficient
evidence to warrant the making of threa
charges of grand larceny against Clem
ents. His alleged Daniel Cur
isn. & second hand dealer at 1123 Market
eireoi. was also . arrested and charged
with receiving stolen goods.
For some time past packuges of freight
have been missing from the delivery
sheds of the Southern Paciflc Company
at Fourth and King streets. Suspicion
was directed against ~ Clements ' and a
watch was set upon him. When the strike
commenced Clements obtained a position
with Schussler. the drayman, and learned
the ways of the shed. He was the first
man severely beaten by the strikers, but
he returned to his work as soon- as' he
was able to be about.
The detectives who have worked up the
case against Clements are satisfied that
had It not been for the presence of the
officers who were detailed to watch his
truck he would have secured considerable
more property. As it is, however, the
detectives have recovered property val
ued at $3uOO and have woven a net of e vi-
Gence around Clements and Curtin tnat
may result In long: terms 01 Imprisonment
lor both. • - - '
prlsonment for both.
Thefts Committed by Clements.
Clements' series of thefts which the'de
tectives have so far tastened on him are
fas follows: On -November 16, from, the
local delivery shed, where he obtained
ail the stolen property, he got two cases
containing respectively 50m) and W.Otw
ci&ars. on .November 19 he secured 1W
cozen pairs of socks. On November 22
he got a crate containing- four cases of
vaseline and two cases of wine bitters.
On .Friday last he attempted to take
JO.oOu cigars contained in two cases, but
as a special ,omcer was detailed to watch
him he left the cases ostensibly to get
a shipping receipt for the goods. While
be was going after the alleged shipping
receipt he incidentally picked up two rolls
of matting In another shed. All the prop
erty has now been recovered and elem
ents admits all the charges made against
him. Curtin, who received the property,
also admits his participation in the
crimes.
Clements' methods were very simple.
He procured a truck and drove to the
delivery sheds. As he was well known
there but little attention was paid to him.
He would fold a shipping receipt In his
mouth, take a hand truck and run the
merchandise out. Then he would drive
off and sell the property to Curtin for
whatever amount the latter was willing
to give. Sometimes he received as mucn
as {150.
Has Long Criminal Record.
Clements is about forty years of age
and has a long criminal record. He goes
under the aliases of Frank Fuller and
Frank Williams. He was first sent to
San Quentin on October 7. 1183, for six
years for burglary. On July 18, 1889, he
was sentenced to four years on a similar
charge. In August, 1897, he received a
sentence of two years and a half in Fol-
Bom on a burglary charge. On November
10, 1899, he was sentenced to thirty days
In the County Jail on a conviction for
petty larceny. On February 15 of this
year he was arrested on a charge of burg
lary, but it was reduced to petty larceny
and he served a sentence of six months.
In the last case a. woman known as Ethel
Griffiths, and who posed as his wife, was
also convicted and served the same time.
The Southern Paciflc Company will
specially prosecute the case against Clem
ents.
Great credit Is due the officers who made
the arrest for the manner In which they
worked up the cases against* Clements
and Curtin. Detective Ryan went to Cur
tin's place a few days ago to recover some
property which he learned was hidden
there. He was bitten on the leg by a
bulldog belonging to Curtin. Later, on
the same day. Special Officer Lewin saw
a bargain sale of socks in a furnishing
goods store on Seventh street and pro
cured a search warrant, recovering all
but a few pairs that had been sold. Last
night the officers In the case recovered
a large quantity of the stolen cigars,
which had been hidden in a cellar in the
Mission.
Curtin has been arrested several- times
before on charges of receiving stolen
property, but has generally got off with
Ilgrht sentences. He is a graduate of the
Whlttler Reform School.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
f TO MOTHERS!
ilrs. J. H. Haskins, of Chicago,
DL, President Chicago Arcade
Club, Addresses Comforting
Words to Women Begarding
Childbirth.
s "Dkab"Mb8. Pxjtkham:— Mothers
fteed not dread cMldbearing after they
know the ralue of L-ydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
While I lored children I dreaded the
crdeaL, for it left me weak and sick
MBS. J. H. HASKINS.
for months after, and at the time I
thought death was a welcome relief;
but before my last child was born a
pood neighbor advised LydlaE.Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and
I used that, together with your Pills
and Sanative Wash for four months
before the child's birth; — it brought
me wonderful relief. I hardly had an
ache or pain, and when the child was
ten days old I left my bed strong in
health. Every spring and fall I now take
abottle of L ydia E.Pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound and find it keeps
me in continual excellent health." —
Mes. J. H. Haskkts, 3248 Indiana Ave.,
Chicago, 111. — $5000 forfeit If above tattlmo-
mlal 1$ not genuine.
Care and careful counsel 1a
what the expectant and would-be
mother needs, and this counsel
she can secure without cost by
writing: to Mrs* Pinkham at
Jijnn, 3Iass, ' ""
DANIELS SLAYER
BOUGHT WEAPON
Mrs., Coarum Purchases
Pistol on Night of
Shooting.
Officers Rodiger and Ward
.* v > Describe Scene at the *
.House.
The trial of Mrs. Catherine. Coarum lor
the murder of Charles Daniels ■ was re
sumed In Judge Dunne's court yesterday.
The woman killed Daniels on the night of
April 9 last at 113% Clay street.
Mrs. Coarum was in court, but seemed
devoid ot any Interest In tho proceedings.
She kept her eyes on her attorney, .Rob
ert Ash, occasionally shifting her glance
to Assistant District Attorney Graney,
who is conducting the prosecution.
The first witness called tor - the jirosa
cutlon yesterday was Patrick Clancy, the
watchman who, a short time ago, shot
and killed J. N. E. Wilson. He said that
on the night of the shooting he saw the
accused woman leave her house about 11
o'clock. He said she was gone about fif
teen minutes and that when* she returned
she entered the house by the basement.
Dr. L. V. Bacigalupi, autopsy surgeon
at the Morgue, was next called. His tes
timony was a description of the wounds
which ended the life of Daniels. One of
the wounds, said Dr. Bacigalupi, entered
Daniels' right tmgh and came out on the
inner side of tho limb. Either one of the
other two bullets would have caused
death, said the physician. One entered
Daniels' right snouider, passing between
the third and fourth ribs, and then
through the upper lobes of both lungs,
lodging against the third rib on the left
side. This bullet perforated the aorta.
The third bu.iet entered the victim's back
on the left side, on a level with the ninth
rib, perforated the base of the left lung
and lodged In the cavity of the right ven
tricle of the heart. ;
Heard Prisoner Confess.
Mrs. Louisa Maurer of 1133 Clay street,
a neighbor of Mrs. Coarum, testified that
she was with the policeman who, the day
after the tragedy, forced his way into
Mrs. Coarum's house. The witness said
that as they entered the prisoner's house
they heard her say:
"Yes. I killed himV I killed him! He ».s
dead down there In the cellar."
Samuel L. Lipman, a pawnbroker, testi
fied that on the night of the shooting he
sold Mrs. Coarum a revolver. He Identi
fied the weapon with which the woman
did the shooting as the pistol she procur
ed at his place. - . ■
John Rolide, a grocer at the corner of
Clay and Taylor streets, testified that he
sold Daniels beer and whisky - at 10:30
o'clock on the night he was killed. ■
Policeman O. H. Rodiger, who arrested
Mrs. Coarum, testified as follows: "I was
summoned to the house of Mrs. Coarum
at 8:35 a. m., April 10. Policeman J. E.
Ward was with me. We tried to get into
the house, but could not, so we -went
next door to Mrs. Maurer' s. From the
kitchen of her house we could see into
Mrs. Coarum's kitchen. We saw the wo
man sitting there at a table on which
there were several bottles and glasses.
We called to her, but she did not answer.
We then searched the house for a means
of entrance. We finally found a window
open and crawled through. When she
saw us cominff she rose from her seat
and walked toward us. She raised her
hands and said: 'I shot him. He Is dead
down cellar." I
"Ward and myself then went down
stairs and found the body of Daniels
propped up in a sitting position against
a bulkhead. He had no coat nor cap on.
Police Find Revolver.
"We then went upstairs, and as we
picked up a five-chambered 38-callber re
volver from the kitchen table Mrs. Coar
um said:
" "There is the plstdl I killed him with.
His coat and cap are hanging on the
hook.' •
"There were four discharged cartridges
in the pistol and a. loaded cartridge - was
lying alongside the weapon on the table.
"We found the coat had two bullet holes
in it. We searched the house, but could
not •find -a trace, of the other bullets. A
few days ago I went to the house and
found a bullet hole in the steps and a
bullet underneath the steps. 1 ,'
Policeman J. E. Ward corrdborated Rod-
Iger's testimony. He said he took the
woman to the Hall of Justice, and that
on the way there she said she did not
n.f an to kill Daniels. - . . . ■ -
"She said," continued Ward, "that she
expected her husband home and had told
the watchman to keep away from the
house. She told me that Daniels had
threatened to kill her and her. husband.
She also said that Daniels came to the
house that night and forced his way in."
Both the officers testified that the house
showed no sign of- any struggle and that
the woman's clothing was not disarranged
in, any way. . They testified that they
found blood stains in the kitchen and on
the steps leading to the basement.
George Pottier, who was Daniels' land
lord at 421 Powell street, testified that the
defendant visited the rooms of the watch
man three or four times a week while he
was rooming there.
The case was then continued until this
morning.
WESTERN UNION BOYS '
WALK OUT ON STRIKE
Three -Messengers Are Discharged
and Others Resign Out of
Sympathy.
There was a strike among the messen
ger boys employed at the main office of
the Western Union telegraph office on
Montgomery street yesterday. The com
pany worked yesterday with only half its
staff of boys. An official stated last
evening that if they could not secure
enough boys to-day to nil the vacant
places they would employ men tem
porarily. .
Delivery Clerk J. Regan says that the
trouble is all owing to three messengers,
who are a disturbing element. He says
that these three boys have been making
too much money. Two of them showed
up for work Sunday under the influence
of liquor. • They were ■ promptly dis
charged. These boys used their influence
and twelve others resigned. The locked
out boys attempted to force the rest of
the boys to quit, but their efforts were
unsuccessful. . •
The strikers succeeded in inducing four
of. the. boys, who are employed on tha
night shift to quit their positions last
night. For a' time this desertion of the
night shift seriously embarrassed the ser
vice. The clerks in the office, however
were Dressed Into use as Mercuries and
succeeded in disposing of all the mes
sages. The management of the Western
Union Company confidently asserts that
boys, or if necessary men. will be secured
to-day to fill the places of the strikers.
Sailor Badly Battered.
When Oscar Smith, a sailor, appeared
before Judge • Conlan yesterday on a
charge of battery with his head swathed
In bandages he was anxious to know how
the other man looked. It appears that
Smith had been boarding with Mrs. Felix
Wyttebrod, on • Mission street, between
Twenty- fourth and Twenty-fifth streets
during the strike and owed her $50. He
went there Sunday, and when she asked
him for the money he struck her. Sh a
complained to Special Officer J. H. Swift'
who attempted to place Smith under ar
rest. Smith made a motion to draw his
sheath knife, and Swift used his club on
his head. A - charge of disturbing the
peace against Smith was dismissed. The
battery, charge was continued.
Colored Soldier. Steals.
Detective Thomas J. Coleman arrested
Edwin L. Knowles, a discharged colored
soldier, yesterday for stealing, a' check for
$145 from Edward W. Davis, a white sol
dier, and a check of smaller amount from
B y.f5 ett ,£- Prince, also a discharged
white soldier. The checks were stolen at
o^-PP board the Government transport
Sheridan returning from ; Manila to this
port. .Knowles confessed the theft to De
tective Coleman and was handed over into
the custody of United States Marshal
bninc. ■' ,!...
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALli, TUESDAY^ DECEMBER 10, 1901.
NEW LINE AND SHORT
TIME TO SANTA ROSA
Southern Pacific Company Surveyors in the Field Locating Di
rect Route Paralleling the Northwestern, Which Will Con
nect With Speedy Ferry Transit. From McN ears Landing
PROPOSED " DIRECT LINE OP SOUTHERN PACIFIC FROM SANTA
ROSA TO THE BAT. EXISTING ROUTE VIA OAKLAND AND VALr
LEJO JUNCTION TO SONOMA VALLEY TOWNS.
THE old route of the Southern Pa
cific around -Robin Hood's barn
from San Francisco to Santa
Rosa is to be supplanted by a new
line, which will materially shorten
the distance and time between the two
cities mentioned. The passenger taking
the present Southern Paciflc rou.te from
this city to Santa Rosa gets on the ferry
boat at the foot of Market street, crosses
the bay, boards the train at the Oakland
mole and rides to Vallejo Junction. At
the station last named he leaves the
train, boards another ferry-boat and
crosses the bay or Straits of Carqulnez to
South Vallejo, where the Santa- Rosa- train
is in waiting. This train, however, goes
up to Napa Junction, on the main line,
thence across . the branch road from the
junction to Santa Rosa. The distance by
the roundabout tray from San Francisco
to Santa Rosa Is seventy-five miles. The
time consumed in making the run is three
hours and. twelve minutes. By the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway route (the
old Donahue line) Santa. Rosa is only
fifty-one miles distant from this city, and
the time used in making the trip is two
hours and thirty-three, minutes.
Will Land Near San Quentin.
The Southern Pacific now proposes to
construct a short line and cut out one fer
ry transfer. Surveyors are in the field es
tablishing a direct line from Santa Rosa
via iPetaluraa to some point on the bay
near San QuWitln or McNears Landing. It
is proposed to make quick transfer of the
passengers from this point by ferry-boat
to this city. In effect the proposed new
route will parallel the California North
western, and probably reduce the time
from San Francisco to Santa Rosa to two
SECRETARY GAGE
PUTS ON BRAKES
Not Ready to Apply the
Coastwise Rule to
Shipping.
The Treasury Department seems to be
very much at sea over the recent deci
sion of the United States Court in the
Philippine cases to the effect that those
islands are a part of the territory of the
United States and that it is therefore a
forfeitable offense for a foreign vessel
to transport merchandise from them, to
any other port in the United States.
Late last week the Secretary of the
Treasury Instructed the Customs Collec
tor at this, port to remit whatever pen
alties might have been " incurred by ;the
Nippon Maru of the Japanese line for
carrying twenty cases of hats from Hong
kong to San Francisco, the hats having,
been conveyed from Hongkong to Manila
by a British vessel. The reason given by the
Secretary of the Treasury for this order
was that the shipment had been made
before the Supreme Court o£ - the - United
States. had rendered its decision.
Yesterday the Secretary of the Treas
ury suddenly put on the brakes by the
following telegraphed order to Collector
Stratton: v
This department has been notified - by . the
Secretary of War that you have held that the
recent decision of the Susremc Court* of the
United States makes It compulsory In order to
obtain through bills of lading with merchan
dise for Manila to conform to coastwise ship
ping rules The department has not authorized
iuch a ruling, and if you have made it you
will hold it in abeyance pending specific in
structions The department has • under consid
eration the bearings of the decision in the
fourteen diamond rings cases upon the coast
wise shipping laws. You will be promptly-ad
vised of its conclusions.
Collector Stratton said yesterday that
he had not made any rulings at all in the
matter and that ■ he had simply obeyed
the instructions of the Treasury Depart
ment. !«fif«3W
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
1 Southern Paciflc "special r train leaves
San Francisco , December 18, Los Angeles
December 19. reaching Mexico In time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco, $80: Los Angeles. $70. Person
ally conducted. Dining car. Pullmaa
eleepers. Limit 60 days Low side trip
rates. Optional itineraries. Make reser
vations 613 Market street. San ' Francisco,
2C1 South Sprlne street. Los Anseles. •
His Fall, Was Fatal.
Samuel B. Hunter, the. traveling sales
man who fell'down a light well in the Oc
cidental-Hotel last Sunday,- died in, St.
Luke's Hospital at 11 o clock on the same
evening. ■ .';.- V ? .' ■,'." '
JOSEPH ■ FIGEL, MERCHANT -TAIL
OR:- The latest styles to select from." Suits
from $20 upward, s . Overcoats, fancy vests.'
etc., : at greatly reduced .prices. Second
floor Flood . building, ; Fourth . and : Market
streets. • • • ■ ■ •■ ■• ' -■• ■-■■ - v- ■*■.;■• ■'■
hours. The competition will doubtless
spur the Northwestern to the adoption of
plans to hold the business. The people of
San Francisco, Marin and Sonoma coun
ties will hail with delight the assurance
of frequent trips, quick runs and the .in
troduction of all the. modern conveniences
of transit. : ■.
Will Shorten Napa Route.
It is reported that the Southern Paciflc
Is planning to shorten the time and re
move some of the annoyances of travel
between this city and towns of the Napa
Valley. There is talk of putting on a
ferry-boat to ply between Rodeo and
South Vallejo. It is proposed to move the
train aboard the boat and convey the
passengers across without a change of
cars. • Going to Napa by the present line
the traveler must cross the bay to Oak
land, then go by rail to Vallojo Junction
and at the last named' point leave the
cars and take the boat to South Vallejo,
where the Napa Valley train is in wait
ing. It is possible thata route may be
established that will utilize the short line
from Santa Rosa to McNears Landing to
accommodate Napa Valley travel. -
The. country Immediately north of San
Francisco and a little beyond the creeks
and estuaries cf the great bay is famed
for scenic beauty and productive capac
ity. The charms of natural scenery and
the agreeable • climate have always been
appreciated, but the inconvenience of
travel from these regions to San Francis
co have been a drawback to the develop
ment of the country. .
The proposed new route of the South
ern Pacific from Santa Rosa to this city
will be at least twenty- four miles shorter
than the existing line around by Vallejo
and Napa Junction, as the California
Northwestern line, which is to be paral
leled,, is not as long by twenty-four miles
as the Southern Pacific's present route.
STARTS IN LIFE
AS A POOR BOY
Now Cannot Count Vast
.. Wealth He Has Ac
cumulated.
i . . . .
Ex-Congressman Charles D. Halnes of
New York State, who is' touring the coast
for his health, arrived at the" Palace yes
terday, accompanied by his wife. He is a
most distinct ligure in politics and prides
himself on being the only Democrat ever
elected from the Nineteenth district of
New York. He served in the Fifty-third
session of Congress and presented the
famous "collar and cult" petition, which
was signed by 40,000 workingmen of Troy,
N. Y., who wished to see the tariff remain
unchanged.
Ex-Congressman Haines started out for
himself when a boy of 14 as a telegraph
operator. At the age of 17 he was nresi
dent of a small railroad. To-day he owns
several small railroads In New York State
and is sole owner of eleven street car
systems. He is the owner of a kaolin mine
in the Southern* States that Js worth a
small fortune, controls one of the
largest lumber combinations in this coun
try, and also prides himself on being the
employer of 11,000 men.
He is only 44 years of age, yet, he admits
that. he does not know how much money
he is worth. But the struggle to amass
his princely fortune has told on his health
and his physicians have commanded that
he retire from active life for several
years. He says that when he can again
return from his enforced rest he will use
his wealth and energies to bring about the
ownership of all railroads by the Govern
ment./\Mr. Halnes said: .
•_ From my, short observations of the Paciflc
m I have reached the conclusion that the
railroad companies are to blame for this sec
tion not belnsr • more densely populated. You
nave products here that are of great value In
the East, but you cannot send them there be
cause of the high freight rates. Give the pub
lic cheap rates, both in freight and passenirer
buslnesB, and the railroads wfll be more heavily
patronized. The only way to bring this ! about
is for the Government to own the ■ roads and
make ; lbe low rates.' •■ •;'
Settle Family Differences.
"With the consent of all parties inter
ested Benjamin Healy has applie'u for let
ters of administration 'unon the estate of
Margaret O'Dwyer, who" died on Novem
ber 26.-' Mrs. O'Dwyer left a small estate,
consisting of > a house and lot at Folsom
and Twenty-fourth streets, besides some
money, supposed to be in a safe deposit
vault. Her/ brother Daniel' first applied
for . letters of administration and ; for pa
pers of guardianship over the two minor
children. His petition was filed on No
vember 27, ■ but has • not been t acted upon
It is said by relatives of the -deceased that
it : will ; be • withdrawn and that there (will
be no . opposition to the custody, of - the
children being given to Mrs. Mary Gleas.
on, an aunt, in whose- charge they are at
present. ■
"Why experiment. with other brands when you
can set .'Jesse Moore at' air times 'and
places?/ . :; '."'*•■''■.'"■ -' ■■-■• • • •.•";--■ ;- ■"...-
BARN FURNISHES
FAMILY SHELTER
Parents and Little Ones
Suffer Prom Cold and
Hunger.
Neighbors Hasten With Food
to Relieve Distress of
• Unfortunates.
. A sad case of destitution was brought
to the attention of the authorities yes
terday and steps were at once taken to
relieve the sufferers. Merritt 8, Hum
phrey, his wife and live children, the
youngest a baby six months old and the
oldest a boy of nine, were found on the
verge of starvation In an old barn on
Balmy street, a small thoroughfare run
ning off Twenty-fourth street, between
Foisom and Harrison.
Tho story of the misfortunes and trials
of. tho unnappy family is a particularly,
sad one. .up to live years ago Humphrey
managed to eke out a liveunood in Uro
gon. 'ininking to better his condition, ho
biurtea ovenana witn his nanny in a
covered wagon, ana after many weeks ot
weary \ travel reacned Los Angeles, "mere
he xound oad jobs at mooring work, but
instead of bettering nls condition ue wad
much worse 'on. Work was not steady.
j.^e was among strangers und everything
he tried his hand at seemed to go against,
him. Disheartened, but not discouraged,
he decided to set out again ana witn us
iumuy in an old, broken down wagon he
Journeyed to Saunas. There he accident
ally broke his leg and his trials began to
increase.
Reach City in Rainstorm. •
Before he was hardly able to get off
crutches Humphrey made another start,
this time intent on going back to Ore
gon, where he has relatives, who, al
though almost as poor as himself, would
willingly share their crust with him if
necessary. Tuesday night the family
reached this city In the midst of a terri
ble wind and rain storm. There was no
covering on the wagon and the occupants
were drenched to the skin. To get out of
the storm they wentt into the old barn
and up to -last evening made it their
home. Without a bit of furniture or a
blanket to throw over them they slept on
.the barn floor. A small coal oil stove
furnished them with what heat they had
and that was but little, for the wind
whistled heartlessly through the cracks
in the barn wall and the cold, frosty
night air found its way inside to add to
their misery. ■ .
A few vegetables cooked in an old can
on the oil stove and occasionally a loaf of
bread composed their food sunply. Hud
dlfci together in the barn in the daytime
they waited and dreaded the coming of
night. They were also continually haunt
ed by the fear that they might at any
minute be ordered out of the place. Poor
and uncomfortable as It was, the barn
furnished them some slight shelter from
the rain. \ I
> Humphrey would start before daylight
in the hope of finding something to do,
only to return' at night with the sad, dis
couraging- report that he had not met with
success. The poor parents were often
forced to listen to their babies. crying,
both from hunger and cold, and were un
able to aid them. The nursing baby suf
fered most, for the mother was too weak
to furnish it sufficient nourishment.
Neighbors Eegin Work of Belief.
It was not until yesterday afternoon
that the neighbors learned of the presence
of the starving family in their, midst.
When once they heard the facts there
was no time lost in making arrangements
for the temporary relief of the sufferers.
Policemen Brown, McKenna and Lycett
were soon on the scene and they directed
the relief work. A supply of bread, milk
and. cold meat was secured from kind
hearted neighbors and the half famished
children ate voraciously — for many hours
yes, days, had passed since meat had
passed their lips. The poor mother re
fused to touch any of the fdod until the
children were first satisfied and then she
wanted to eat but little. She wanted, she
said, to "save something for the children
after awhile." It was only when she
realized that she must cat to nurse her
baby that she consented to appease her
hunger. In the meantime the neighbors
were hurrying to the barn with contribu
tions of beds, bedding, food and clothing
The policemen stated .the case to L. C
Cull, a real pstate agent on Twenty
fourth street,. and he gave the family the
use of a cottage at the corner of Twenty
fifth and Utah streets. . The policemen
next pressed into service two wagons and
had the donations of bedding and cloth
ing taken to the new home. Another
nel?iibor contributed a stove and at night
fall the unfortunate family was sheltered
and relieved from temporary want.
Officer McMurray of the Humane So
ciety was also notified and to-day he will
look after the further relief of the family.
He says the case is one of the saddest
called to his attention in many months.
1LRS. M. FERGUSON SAYS
HER HTJSBAUD IS BRUTAL
Sues for Divorce Because He Threat
ened Eer Many Times
e to Kill.
i , Margaret H. Ferguson, In a complaint
for. divorce filed yesterday against Theo
dore Ferguson, charges him with treat
ing her In a cruel and unhuman manner
ever since, their marriage in 1897. She
claims he gets intoxicated every chance
he gets, and that when he is under the
influence of drink he beats and abuses
her. Mrs. Ferguson says her husband
has threatened to kill her and that on
one occasion, because she screamed when
he struck her, that he brandished a larse
knife over her head and commanded her
to "stop her noise."
• Ferguson is an employe of Oliver J
Olsen of 121 Mission street and enjoys a
salary , of $150. a month. Mrs. Ferguson
asks for a divorce, $50 a month alimony
and permission to . resume her maiden
name, Margaret Turney. The Fergusons
live at 334 Uolden Gate avenue.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Helene Johnson against Peter John
son for cruelty, Rosa J. Probst against
Henry B. Proost for cruelty, Robert
Jakes against Emma Jakes for desertion
Dealr Worsdale against Harry Worsdale
for cruelty and James Trethaway against
Kitty Trethaway for desertion.
Divorces were granted yesterday - to
Louise E. Shlnn from George Shlnn for
neglect, Hermine Jacobson from Adolf
Jacobson for failure to provide Helen
Sutherland . from Fred B. Sutherland for
desertion, Alice Edith ' Randall tfrom
Charles E. S. Randall for cruelty, Albert
Weber from Helen Weber for intemper
ance and Louisa M. Hellbacka from Ed
ward C. Hellbacka for cruelty.
P. C. Kelly, Assignee
Of tlfe Boston, is torday the busiest man
in town. The A. Brick bankrupt cloth
ing arrived yesterday precisely at 3 p. m.,
thanks to Mr. Milton J. Greene, -. referee
in bankruptcy, . through whose kindness
the stock arrived in time. Everybody is
busy and working hard to -get this large
stock In order for the opening on Thurs
day. ".. There will be on sale at the begin
ning : 1000 all-wool men's suits and over
coats worth $20. The sale" price will be
?4 65 at. the clothing bankrupt sale of the
Boston, 773 Market St., near Fourth. •
Fishermen Win a: Suit.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday decided In favor ■ of the plaln
tlff3in the^suit of /Farce" Dominico and
eighty other fishermen against the Alaska
■ Packers' ->•■: Association for $50 each, bal
ances alleged to be due on a salmon flsh
'ing contract.
Sudden Death of Otto Koepper.
;otto Koepper, a salesman for Palmer &
Rey, was stricken suddenly yesterday aft
ernoon .while eating lunch in the • &Ier
chahts'Exchanse, at 21L.:ide:dorff street
He, was taken in a city ambulance to the
Harbor Emergency Hospital, but died on
the way. • • ; - . .
Stenographer Appointed.
. Herbert F. Ward has -been appointed
clerk and ; stenographer to" the Federal
Board • of ; Civil . Service • Examiners, vice
Ernest 1 J.: Mott,- who declined .the honor
after, having passed a brilliant ' examina
tion.-:- ■■ "-;•; ■ • -v ■ • :'-•■ ;, ■ \ - - . ■ . . -
•unaranT mm •» t»« mooim « «*m»v« ee. ememMTi
THE PROBLEM. \
C^^OROTHY in the nursery can calculate the
gfeSSSr price of Ivory Soap per cake, but it -would
jiglll take a mathematical genius to calculate its
IMSM-Jtrue value. For he must take account of
time, labor, and materials. He must deduct fronvtfce -*
apparent cost the saving in the longer life of the cake,
in the longer life of the washed fabric, in the labor
required, in the time consumed, in the strength ex-
pended, in the results obtained. When all is finished,
Ivory is the cheapest soap in the world. It floats.
SAYS HE TOOK
NOTE TO SMITH
Arthur Wilson Testifies
in Kershow "Will Con- .
test Case.
Arthur L. Wilson, a messenger boy em
ployed by the California Special Messen
ger Company, pointed out J. Morgan
Smith yesterday as the man to whom he
delivered a note at the apartments of
Max Kershow at Tortoni's on the morn
ing of April 6, 1901, the morning on which
the disputed will was signed.
Wilson said he went to the rooms In.
response to a call at 10 a. m. on April 6.
He said the man whom he afterward
identified as Smith came to the door "in
a bath robe and a black eye," and that
after waiting for a few minutes he was
given a . letter to deliver at the ofHce of
A. B. Forbes & Son, insurance agents at
the corner of California and Montgomery
streets. Wilson said he delivered the let
ter and returned to the restaurant, and
gave the answer, which was contained in
an envelope, to the same man who sent
him.
Wilson said he saw no one in the rooms
but Smith and a colored woman, Alice
Kennedy. He said also that he went into
the bedroom and dining-room, and that
there was no one in trie apartments but
the two persons he named.- . -
A. W. - Forbes was . then placed on the
s=tand. He said that he remembered the
messenger boy coming- to his office with
a written request for a check for money
due. J. Morgan Smith. , Forbes says he
gave the boy the check, but that he had
no idea where Smith was at the time.
A. J. Meadows, the second subscribing
witness to the purported will of Max Kcr
show, told practically the same story as
Smith and was not shaken in his testi
mony by the severe cross-examination he
was subjected to by Attorney Rlx for the
contestants. He described in detail the
means Smith had taken on April 5 to in
form . him that Kershow wanted him to
come up to his rooms on a matter of im
portance, and told how the next morning
he visited Tortoni's and signed the will as
a witness. He said Kershow told him
that the matter must be kept strictly
secret, as he was afraid his folks would
hear of it and prevent him from doing
what he wanted.
Attorney Rlx endeavored to show dur
ing the cross-examination that Meadows
spent a great deal of his time in jail, but
his questions were stricken out by the
court. The case will go on to-day at ' H
a. m.
News in Army Circles.
Some dinlculty is being experienced by
the military authorities in paying off the
discharged soldiers who arrived on the
Sheridan because they represent so many
organizations and payrolls . have to be
made out separately. Four paymasters
are at work and the men will be free in
a few days. Meanwhile passes to San
Francisco from Angel Island are to be
had for the asking. The Sheridan is
scheduled to sail for Manila again on De
cember 17, the day after the departure of
the Hancock, i Major Robert J. Gibson
has been appointed sanitary inspector. cf
the department. Captain J. A. Penn,
Seventh Infantry, has been assigned to
duty on Angel Island.
Eligible for Draughtsmen.
As a result of the recent examination
held for draughtsmen for the Board of
Public Works the Civil Service Commis
sion has certified to the following list of
ellgibles:
Harris ■ DeH. Connlck, 90.8; Frederick C
Herrmann, S7.5; John W. Parker, 84.1; "Wil
liam C. Pldse, 82.8; John O. Bun-age, 82.6;
James M. Owens,'. 79.2; William A. Smith, 77.2.
Wants Trial by Jury.
/ Robert S. . Macbeth, H. M. Park, J. H.
Josselyn and five Chinese charged with
practicing medicine without being duly
registered, appeared before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday. They all Intimated that
they would demand a jury trial and
would probably test the constitutionality
of the act. The cases were continued till
December 21. •
Little Rain Falls.
A very little rain fell in San Francisco
yesterday? but as much as .24 of an inch
was registered In two or three towns in
the northern part of the State The
weather was clear in Southern Califor
nia. Forcaster McAdle predicts settled
■weather for to-day. . u
Baldwin Is Suing Flood.
E. J. Baldwin Is stfing James L. Flood
to recover $8988, which he alleges he was
compelled to expend in erecting props
and supports for the' west wall of the
(NOTICE!!]
Observe this blue signature
on every jar of
COMPANY'S EXTRACT of Beef
KITCHEN Por Sick Room
building known as the "Baldwin Annex,"
adjoining the site of the old Baldwin Ho
tel. Baldwin alleges that Flood, In ex
cavating for the foundation for the new
building at the corner of Powell and. Mar
ket streets, so weakened the fotr^V^.yn
of the Annex that he was compC^lrrto
spend the amount sued for to prevent the
destruction of the Annex.
T7. S. Civil Service Examination.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on January 21,
1902, an examination will be held at vari
ous places throughout the United States
for the position of assistant In the di
vision of entomology, Department o£ Ag
riculture, at a salary of $1200 per annum,
and for other similar vacancies as they
may occur. Persons who desire to com
pete should at one© apply to the- United
States Civil Service Commission, Wash
ington.-D. C, or to the secretary of the
local board of examiners, Postonlce. for
application forms 304 and 375, which
should be properly executed and filed
with the commission prior to the hour of <
closing business on January 11.
Violated Barber law.
John J. Callsh, State Barter Commis
sioned, secured a warrant "from Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of Nell
M Nelson on the charge of falsely repre
senting that he was a qualified barber
when applying for a certificate.- It Is al
leged that when a test was made Nelson
did not even know how to hold a razor
properly. '
ADVEBTISEMENTS. )
...AT TUB:.,
"NO PERCENTAGE,"
Tnpcifav ° 8cemll8r
luesoay, ioth.
Our Christmas Gift Day.
We present free to our patrons on the
above data an elegant doll. *3 inches long,
real kid body, genuine biso head, wtci
every purchase of 50c or over. \^|
SEE THE DOLLS IN OUR SHOW
WINDOW.
EVERYBODY WELCOME. '
fWmmJP
for Stomach Disorders-
Gout and Dyspepsa
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
22O BROADWAY. N. T.
WHIPS, -ROBES/BLANKUS
WOK THE HOLIDAYS. CfT
Novelties— many of them im-
ported—all new— most any price.
STUDEBAKER RROS.f OMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Market and Tenth St*. ;
DR.MCNULTY.
rr»HIS WEIX-XNOWN AND RELIABLE./? LD
L Specialist cures Mood Poison, Gonorrhoea, JJ, e et,
Strlctnre, Seminal Weakness, Impotence antj taeir
silled Disorders. Boot: on Diseases of Men; free.
Over20years' experience. Terms reasonable. Hoars.
9to3dally;8:30to8.30ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly cocflden tiaL Call or address
P. KOSCOE McXCLTY, 31. D.
2C M Kearny St, San FranelKO, CaL