Friday will be ft the . welcome by • the
school children, more .receptions and again
more receptions in the evening; on Satur
day, they will be the launching,- the Union
League banquet and' the "citizens*, oanquet;
for Sunday nothing has been -provided,
for. it was the President's 'wish that *iie
be allowed to rest upon that day. He will
attend service •; at ¦• the i Central * M.' ; E.
Church.' On Monday morning, Just \ before
he leaves the city to continue his 'trip on '
through the State and home, he will I un
veil the Donahue : fountain. This is the
outline,? and -woven ;into- this \ are .dozens
of j minor \ matters g besides jj room ; for - any
number of delays'and 'hitches. ' r' •., ':
Ohio's Entertainment.
Then the. Ohio- Society . Is getting up' a
programme Of entertainment to • Governor
Nash of :. that : State - which ;.will i parallel
WHEREVER the Pres
ident goes he takes
his office with him, bo
It will come to pass
that for six day's In
the month of May San
Francisco will be the
S " ' ' " real capital of the na
tion. And out on the corner of J^aguna
and Clay streets, with its windows over
looking half the city and Its doorway
opening on to the lawns of Lafayette
square. Is the home of Henry T. Scott,
which for the same six days will be the
seat of government.
The house is- a comparatively new one,
furnished with all that wealth can pro
cur* and taste suggest, and its place on
the southern slope of the hill gives it a
view almost unsurpassed. It is com
fortable and homelike, as well as spa
cious and richly finished, and while he
remains its occupant It will be absolutely
the President's home. He will brins his
own attendants there in addition to the
servants of the house, and he may enter
tain as he pleases or live in the strictest
privacy, as the fancy suits him. The
house will be equipped with all means of
communication necessary for the prompt
and effective transmission and transac
tion of business, and one of the rooms
will be fitted up as an office, where the
affairs of the country will be considered
and adjusted.
The owner of the house Is at present in
Burllngame, where he has gone to spend
the summer. When the visit cf the Pres
ident was first spoken of It was a prob
lem often discussed where he should be
lodjrcd. It was known that Mrs. McKln
)ey was in poor health, and that what
more than anything else the President
xvished fcr was a place where he could
retire after the tedious round of public
receptions and functions of various kinds
end be at home with his family and his
*•( rk. Such cecluslon" could hardly be se
cured in a hotel, and the problem of find
ing a private houte fitted and furnished
to suit the distinguished guest was al
most a hopeless one until Mr. Scott of
ftred his own residence. He is person
ally known to the President, and so the
offer came as well from a friend as from a
Citizen and it was gladly accepted.
A House of History.
Tt Is not often that a private residence
thousands cf miles from the seat of gov
ernment becomes for a time the veritable
White House of the country, but such an
honor is in store for the Scott home. It
will Insure it a place in local history, and
perhaps some turn or twist of interna
tional affairs presenting itself while the
Prt sident is on his Western tour will
identify the home and this city dircetly
vith some phase of the history of the
world.
The stop In San Francisco being the
longest on the trip, it is more than prob
able that the President will do very little
business until he arrives here. No stop
on the way westward will be long enough
for the consideration of any questions of
public Importance, and so most of the
buEinc-rs requiring his personal consider
stion will be sent on to this city to await
Ills arrival here.
This morning the executive committee
•will meet in the office of Irvine M. Scott,
its chairman, and at that meeting it is
probable that the programme of entertain
ment to be carried out during the six days
of the President's slay in San Francisco
win be definitely settled. The outline has
already been decided upon, but there are
various details that have been changed
find shifted from day to day and hour to
hour, for it Is frequently a matter of
even minutes in the carrying out of the
programme.
In the south Santa Barbara is working
hard to cci at least half an hour more to
the four hours and a cuarter which the
schedule allows her, and it is not likely
that she'will get it. In Riverside the peo
ple are working tooth and nail to have the
Presidential train slip down to that town
on its way from Redlands to Los Angeles
and the only way possible to do it will be
to cut an hour from the time at Redlands,
leaving there at 11 Instead of 12, and an
other hour from Los Angeles, arriving
there at half-past 3 Instead of half-past £.
Both Redlands and Los Angeles are ob
jecting strongly to losing any of the pre
cious minutes allowed them and it does
cot eeem probable that the President will
eee Riverside.
Santa Clara's Minutes.
And in Santa Clara a wall is going up
from the entire population and it is given
voice at columns' lengths In the local
press demanding that a stop of at least
ten minutes be made in that town. It is
arranged that the President shall be
driven through Santa Clara, but when it
was found that he would not stop there
was trouble. The amount of correspond
ence that has passed between the Santa
Clara authorities and the management of
the Presidential visit to San Jose would
fill a book and the amount of talk it
caused would startle a phonograph; but all
it accomplished was the concession of a
walk instead of a slow trot. The carriage
bearing the President will slow down to a
walk when it reaches the principal street
of Santa Clara and at that pace it will
pass along for several blocks, but there
will be no stop. That is all Santa Clara
could cct. but s he is still demanding a
ten minutes' stop of that carriage.
And it is the same in San Francisco.
There are so many societies seeking to
entertain the President that a schedule
which considers minutes and which can
sandwich a reception in between a launch
end & trip on the bay and a couple of
While He Remains There He iW|!^^8^^i^^^S5^S^BNp^ Can Come or Go Without His
Permission and for t^
tails of Programme of Entertainment to Be Decided Upon by the Executive Committee To-Day
The officers of the society are: Hon. Eu
gene A. Bridgeford of San Francisco,
president; Hon. Tlrey L. Ford of San
Francisco, first vice president; Hon.
Erank H. Short of Fresno, second vice
president; Mrs. James. Farris of Sacra
mento, third vice ; president: R. O. Os
born of San Francisco, secretary; M.
L. Spencer of San Francisco, financial
secretary, and Hon. W. A. Jacobs of San
Francisco, treasurer.
The. society desires all Mlssourians t»
take notice that applications for member
ship to the society may be made to th*
secretary. R- O. Osborn. whose address la
1222 Pine street, San Francisco. ,
An orchestra has been secured and light
refreshments will be served. At the re
quest of Secretary Hitchcock the recep
tion will be somewhat Informal In char
acter and there will be no set speeches.
-There will, however, be some words of
greeting and welcome and a short but
highly entertaining* programme has been
prepared with a view to making the even-
Ing particularly pleasant to the distin
guished visitor.
At a meeting of the executive committee
of the Missouri Society held yesterday re
ports were received from the various com
mittees having the affair in charge and
the details of the reception were substan
tially worked out. The reception will
take place on the evening of Friday, May
17, at the parlors of the Y. M. C. A. build
ing, at the corner of Ellis and Mason
streets. The following members of the
Missouri Society have been appointed a
reception committee for the occasion:
Mrs. James Farris of Sacramento, Hon.
and Mrs. William T. Jeter of Santa Cruz,
Hon. J. H. Sewell of Uklah, Hon. Frank
H. Short of Fresno and Mr. and Mrs. W.
E. Lowe, Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson C. James,
Mr. and Mrs. Wesley A. Jacobs, Dr. and
Mrs. Potts, Hon. and Mrs. Tirey I* Ford,
Miss Nellla M. Blakey, Mr. and Mrs.
Lucy, Hon. and Mrs. Eugene A. Bridge
ford, Dr. and Mrs. Hodgen, Mrs. James
Hatcher, R. O. Osborn. Meredith Spencer
and Dr. and Mrs. R. B. McNutt of San
Francisco.
The Missouri Society of California has
about completed the arrangements for the
reception of Hon. Ethan Allen Hitchcock,
Secretary of the Interior, on the occasion
of the visit to San Francisco of the Pres
ident and his Cabinet. '
Missouri's Plans.
After the commencement exercises have
been concluded the President and his
party will be' the guests of President
"Wheeler at luncheon. T>uring the> after
noon the citizens of Oakland will have
an opportunity to see the President, who
will drive through the city from Berke
ley. He will deliver an address at th«
Oakland High School building.
have luncheon at the Richards residence
in Berkeley ! with other distinguished
guests. Thursday he will receive a wel
come In the park. The remainder of the
time he will be present at the Presidential
functions.
The university committee is composed
of Professor Frank Soule, Processor Set
chell, Professor 'O'Neill, lieutenant
Walte, Mr. Maybeck. Professor Mage*
and Mr. ' "Wlnterburn.
It is expected that Governor Gage, with
President Wheeler, the regents and the
faculty, wtll receive the President at ths
stand from which he will deliver the ad
dress to the graduating class. The uni
versity committee has arranged seating
capacity for 10,000 persons. The student*
will occupy a reserved section directly In
front of the speaker's stand. Citizens
have co-operated to make the visit to
Berkeley a memorable one. Plans for
decorations are under way and promise
to result in an elaborate display.
On the morning of May 13 the President
and his party will leave San Francisco
on the revenue cutter McCullough. which
will land at Oakland pier, where a spe
cial train will take the distinguished
guests to Berkeley. They will then be
driven in .carriages to the university
grounds under escort of a troop of cav
alry.
OAKLAND. April 26.— The Berkeley
committee in charsre of the commence
ment day reception to President McKlnley
has perfected th© general plans for the
programme at the university. The de
tails in connection with the President'*
trip from San Francisco have also been
shaped. t
ing McXinley Across the Bay.
Details of the Programme for Receiv-
IN BERKELEY AND OAKIiAND.
ALL. the bustle and enthusi
asm of preparation for
the reception of the Pres
ident being shown in this
city is being multiplied
by every town hla train
will pass through, regard
less of whether he will
stop a minute or a day. All along the
line committees are working, parades are
being formed and carriages and harnesses
are being furbished up to the point of ab
solute newness. Prices of flags and bunt
ing of the national colors are rising stead
ily -and even the flowers are blooming
their prettiest, each in the hope it will
be cast by some school girl's hand into
the carriage bearing the nation's chief.
It is better than a Fourth of July; it is
more enthusiastic than a county fair; it
is as patriotic as returning volunteers,
and the smaller the town the higher the
pressure. Everywhere every one is work
ing, and the result will be a welcome un
surpassed and unstinted and thoroughly
characteristic of th* West.
SCOTT HOME IS NEARLY READY FOR
RECEPTION OF PRESIDENT MCKINLEY
VOLUME LXX^IX— NO. 148.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1901.
return to the city with him; on Wednes
day," after the commencement exercises at
the university, -while the President is be
ing; entertained at luncheon by President
Benjamin^ Ide Wheeler,- Governor Nash
will' be; the guest of JoW." Richards, vice
presidentof the" Ohio" Society, and he will
that of the -.President,; besides Including a
few.-, more » functions to . take . place while
the President is away or lnjretlrement.~ He
wiir.be ' given, a street car - excursion on
Monday,; the day ".before the President^ ar
rives; on'Tuesdayhe.will be taken to San
Jose - to meet > the • President, I and : he will ,
banquets is none too elastic for the oc
casion. . ... •-.-.".
As it now stands the features for Tues
day, the day on which the President will
arrive In San Francisco, 'are the parade
and review- in his honor ; and, the public
reception to be given in the ferry buiid-
Ing In the evening. 4 } On Wednesday . there
will be . • the « commencement - exercises- at
the State University j and I the". Oakland re
ception; on Thursday they .will be his" trip
to Mount Tamalpais irr the ¦ morning, re
ceptions in the afternoorrand the banquet
of the Ohio Society in the" evening: on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
WHERE THE PRESIDENT WILL LIVE
Jiouse on the corner of Laguna and Clay streets,
J[ where the President will live and work during his stay m
San Francisco, is the property of Henry T. Scott: It is
large and well furnished, and nothing that money could buy
to make it comfortable and homelike was spared. The pictures
here presented by The Call are the -Urst and only ones that have
been taken of the rooms which the '.- President and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley will occupy; and where the President will receive those
who are his most intimate friends.if you havenheumatlam.wrlteDr. 8 hoop, Racine,
WI*.,boxU7,for nix bottlea of MiRhtumAtlcCur*,
ciprtM paid.. Scad no moaty. Fajrf&BO IX cured*
A Month's Test Free.
Resignation of Consul Hay.
• -WASHINGTON. April . 26—Adelbert
Hay. ion of the Secretary of State, haa
rc»!{rni'd his post an United States Consul
General at Pretoria, The resignation
tukt?» effect to-morrow. -Hit,, successor
hoi not y«t been «eloctod.- ¦•, ..... .
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., April 26.— Several
score of spectators, mostly women, had
very little to Interest them at the trial of
Charles Eastman, the Harvard instructor,
charged with the murder of, his brother
in-law. Richard- Grogan Jr.. to-day. The
prosecution produced six or eight more
witnesses, only one of whom could shed
any light upon the affair, while not one
could show any motive on E Eastman'*
part. A young employe of the Clarke fac
tory told the jury that Eastman and Gro-
Ban often practiced shooting in company
and that Eastman had invited him to par
f t Vi tar S« practice upon the
Instructor.
Case Against the Harvard
NO MOTIVE IS SHOWN
FOR EASTMAN'S SHOOTING
Witnesses Fail to Shed Light on the
steamship Coromandel from Shanghai
took off the remainder of the passengers.
This morning a dispatch was received
from Captain Wlbnea of the Sobraon,
stating that all the passengers had been
safely landed, but the ship was in a dan
gerous position and assistance was ur
gently needed. The crew was still on
board. The malls and passengers will be
forwarded to London by. a North. German
Lloyd steamship.
ALBION. Idaho, April 26.-"Dlaraond
Field Jack" Davis, convicted of the mur
der of Cumminps and* Wilson, two sheep
herders, on a ranch in Cassia County in
1S98, was to-day resentenced by Judge
fitewart. the date of his execution belnc
Bet for June 21. Davis, who has been con
fined In the State penitentiary at Boise,
was brought to Albion to be present at the
hearing of his application for a new trial,
which wa» refused yesterday.
. The case is one of the most celebrated
In Western criminal annals. Davis has
been tried and sentenced half a dozen
times and his ca*e has been before the
Idaho State Board of Pardons time nnd
apaln. At one hearinc before the Board
of Pardons two cattle-herders testified
under oath that Davis wb« Innocent of the
crlma. and that they themselves had done
the killing: in Kelf-defer.se.. Tbe .board
nevertheless refused the pardon.
Davis' lone flarht for liberty Involves In
a way the nevor-endlns rivalry between
the cattle and nheep men on tho W<ptcrn
1 ranges. - .' • ...
the Man Convicted of Two
Murders.
DIAMOND FIELD JACK
MUST DIE NEXT JUNE
Sentence Is Once More Pronounced on
HONGKONG. April 2S.-The Peninsular
and Oriental Line steamship Sobraon, of
7282 tons, launched last year, which has
been running between Shanghai and Lon
don, is badly stranded . on Tungyung
Island, and will probably be a total loss.
The vessel went ashore in a dense fog
"Wednesday morning. The passengers
were all safely landed. Some were taken
off by a Chinese junk, and later the
ens to Cause Death in a
, Short Time. .
¦. BERLIN; April 26.— The Cologne Ga
zette's St. Petersburg correspondent tele
graphs that the condition of the Shah ot
Persia is becoming worse. His liver and
kidney affections and difficulty of respira
tion are assuming' more acute forms.
The correspondent also says considerable
excitement exists among the population of
Teheran because of the heavy taxes re
cently imposed upon meat and other food
stuffs. . ' . .!: V '
Disease That Afflicts the Shah Threat-
PERSIA'S i RULER IS ILL -
AND SAID TO BE DYING
Government Asks the Reichsrath to
Authorize ths Expenditure of an
:\ • Immense Amount.
VIENNA. April 26.— The imperial Gov
ernment has: submitted to. the Reichsrath
a bill authorizing the construction of four
canals in the Danube, Moldau, Elbe and
Vistula districts. The work of construc
tion is to begin in 1904, and will be com
pleted in 4224. Two hundred and fifty mil-,
lion kroner at--* Der cent 'are to be bor
rowed; before 1912 and further funds for
the co nstructlomdf these four canals will
be borrowed when necessary. -"-•
CANALS MAY BE BUILT
IN AUSTRIAN DISTRICTS
win, who is to lead the American j (Zieg
ler) Arctic expedition and who arrived
herd yesterday, spent the morning in ln
epecting and forwarding to Tromsoe and
Sandefjord supplies for the expedition.
Privy Couricilor Neumanir is aiding Bald
win in every way possible. He has pre
sented him with the latest polar maps,
drawn by Dr. Nansen.'
Later Baldwin went to Kiel "to compare
notes with the members of the German
Antarctic expedition. \
--¦¦*. i ¦ '
Leader of the New American Expedi
tion Inspects Supplies for the
Polar Party.
HAMBURG, April . 26.— Evlyn B. Bald-
BALDWIN IS PREPARING
FOR THE ARCTIC SEARCH
INDIANAPOLIS, April 26.— The position
of General Superintendent of Normal
Schools for the Philippines, at a salary of
$3(XX> a year, has been offered to Elmer
Durrett Bryan, professor -of philosophy
and pedagogy at Indian UniverHity,
Hloomlngton. The offer comes from Fred
W. Atkinson, Director General of Educa
tion at Manila.' Profotaor Bryan. will ac
cept ' *nsssK
Educator. for the Philippines.
OMAHA,. April -26.— A house-mover
named Owen H. Little, working for Con
tractor H.'W. Barnum, was electrocuted
this morning at the corner of Twenty
fourth and Dodge streets. ¦ With a' com
panion he was • endeavoring to remove
an electric wire which became attached
to the roof of a hous» ,which was being
moved. 1 The insulation of the wire was
worn ¦ away and Little received a shock
which ended bis life,
i 1
Killed by a Live 'Wire.
In Ekaterinoslav riots occurred at the
same time and the authorities have sus
pended public gatherings in the -town for
three months. .
, ST. PETERSBURG, -April 26.-During
the Easter celebrations scenes of riot and
disorder occurred In the town of Taga
rourog on the Sea of Azof. Incidents of
drunken violence were almost continuous
for several days. • Apparently, however,
the disturbances did not arise from politi
cal causes. ' .
minions and Some Public Gath
erings Are Suspended.
Disturbances Occur in the Czar's Do-
Marconi / wooed Miss Holman on a
trans- Atlantic voyage and won her, it is
said, by an exhibition of his wireless
telegraphy. She is a daughter of the late
Judge J. A. Holman of the Indiana Su
preme. Court, who was a cousin of Con
gressman ¦William S. Holman, famous 'as
the "Watchdog of the Treasury." _
v — • * . ' "
RIOTOTJS RUSSIANS
AT EASTER CELEBRATIONS
NEW YORK, April 26.— Two announce
ments of great pieces of good luck of
Guglielmo Marconi, the young inventor of
wireless telegraphy, were made to-night.
The first is : his engagement to be mar
ried to Miss Josephine Bowen Holman of
Indianapolis; the ¦ second the decision- of
the Cunard Company to adopt his system
of wireless telegraphy on its trans-Atlan
tic steamships. ~
Miss Josephine Bo-wen Holman
of Indianapolis.
Inventor Marconi "Will Soon Marry
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
WINS HIM HIS BBIDE
ALMA, WIb.. April 26.— L. P. Hummer,
on trial for illegal banking, pleaded guilty
to-day to the charge of receiving money
after knowing tha bank was insolvent
and was sentenced to one year at Wau
pun.
Banker Sent to a Prison.
- BUCHAREST. April 26.— There - is no
truth in the report that an attempt. has
been made upon the life of King Charles.
A lunatic recently threw stones at a win
dow on the ground floor of the palace, but
he was promptly arrested and haa been
placed in an asylum.'
Stones Not Thrown at the King.
. PARIS, April 26.— The spy who has been
arrested here on a charge of having com
municated to Heir Krupp the secret, of
the manufacture of guns at the Com
mentary , Arms factory is a Pole named
Ivanovitz: He was a head waiter at the
Hotel Chatham in Paris. I>uring an ab
sence last winter he was at Commentary,
where, it is said, he bribed a number of
employes of the Commentary Arms fac
tory into betraying for Krupp the secret
in the process of manufacturing a cer
tain metal employed for Cannon and shots
In the Commentary, factory. ; Four of the
factory workmen have been arrested. - "
' Much interest is displayed in the Pole's
arrest, but "there is no excitement over
It. as the divulged secrets are industrial
and do'not concern the state. ' '.\\rs
Gun Factory.
Captive Spy Was at Commentary
French, Officials I/earn That Their
DECLABE THE 5pOLE
STOLE THEIR ' SECRET
The same day the Campania passed a
North German Lloyd steamship and a
Hamburg-American . ! liner, both west
bound. Probably they overtook the New
York the next day. .
QUEENSTOWN, April 26.— The Cunard
liner Campania, Captain Walker, from
New York April 18, which arrived here
to-day about 8 o'clock, reported having
passed the American liner New York,
Captain Roberts, from Southampton April
20, at noon Wednesday In latitude 85.3 de
grees north and that the New York sig
naled that her port 3haft was broken.
The Campania stopped for five mimitea
to take further signals, but nothing was
given beyond the announcement that
apart from the accident all was well. The
New York proceeded westward, making
good progress with one engine. A strong
northeast wind was blowing at the. time
and the sea was rough.
dent at Sea, but Befuses
Y Aid. . -
American. Liner Meets With, an Acci-
STEAMSHIP NEW YOEK
HAS Ai BROKEN SHAFT
FRAGMENTS OP VICTIMS
FOUND ZN" THE RUINS
| LONDON, April 27.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Times estimates the killed
in the explosion at Greishelm at between
twenty-five and eighty, and adds that un
fortunately there can be no doubt that no
fewer than 150 were maimed or burned,
the injuries In several cases promising to
prove fatal.' -- , .
FRANKFORT, April 28.— The revised
estimates of the killed indicate that the
figures given out this morning were ex
aggerated because' fragments of - bodies
were counted as each representing indi
viduals. Herr Lang, the manager of th6
works, and four chernists are among the
injured. . Many persona are homeless.
Gamblers' Pictures oa. Liners.
NEW YORK. April 26.— A rogues' gal
lery of card sharps Is to be provided by
the New York police, to be hung in the
card room of each of the big trans-Atlan
tic liners running out of this port. This
action Is the result of the alleged swind
ling of Dr. Joseph Muir out of $8000 on a
recent voyage. - .
Cyclone Strikes Barracks.
"WASHINGTON, April 28.— Admiral
Kempff, at Cavlte, cabled to the Navy
Department to-day as follows:
"Cyclone struck Pcloc 22d; barracks de
stroyed; hospital unlit for use; no casual
ties; government damage $25,000. Request
this amount be made available."
Passengers* and Mails Are Rescued and Will
Be Forwarded to London.
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
BIG STEAMSHIP SOBRAON IS STRANDED
ON TUNGYUNG ISLAND AND MAY BE LOST
DURBAN, Natal, April 26.— The country
near Melmoth. Zululand. is swarming
with captured and surrendered stock. As
it adjoins the Transvaal there have been
many organized raids.
It is reported here that the Delagoa Bay
district of Portuguese East Africa has
been terribly affected by fever. During
the last three months there have been 500
deaths. The normal population is about
3000, but this has been reduced, owing to
the war and the commercial depression re
sulting therefrom. This is the highest
death rale In the world, and If It continues
It will mean the extermination of Euro
peans in that territory.
DLOEMFOXTEIN.Orange River Colony,
Thursday. April 25.— The provost marshal,
presiding over a court of summary Juris
diction, has announced his intention of
suppressing disloyal utterances. He has
ordered a British subject named Mitchell
to be deported to Ceylon for abusing an
nrmy order to the effect that household
ers shall suspend a board outside of their
<1oora having the names of all the occu
pants of that particular house.
CAPE TOWN, April 26.— Eight cases of
bubonic plague were reported here to-day.
four of which were Europeans and four
colored persons. Two Europeans and three
colored persons died of the plague.
LONDON. April 26. — Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain informed a questioner in the
House of Commons to-day that the Gov
ernment did not propose to inaugurate a
Orange River Colony Court Deports British
Subject for Disloyal Talk,
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
full scheme of civil administration in
South Attica during Sir Alfred Milner's
absence, which would be of short dura
tion. The work of reorganization would
progress, however, on the lines laid down
by Sir Alfred, whose place as British High
Commissioner would be temporarily filled
by Lord Kitchener.
VICTORIES OVER THE BOERS.
Minor Successes.
Lord Kitchener Reports a Series of
LONDON. April -27.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from
Lord Kitchener:
"PRETORIA, April 26.— Since yesterday
the column reports the Boer losses to be
tvelve killed, »twenty wounded, forty
seven captured and forty-two surren
dered. In addition to the foregoing. Lieu
tenant Reid, with twenty Bushmen, cap
tured southeast of Commlsle Drift, O1I
phants River, Commandant Schroeder
and forty-one Boers, together with a
maxim. Reid's men crept up and sur
rounded the men before dawn and opened
flre. the Boers immediately surrender
ing."
In a later message, forwarding advices
from General Kitchener, his brother, the
commander-in-chief, says:
"General Kitchener reports from Pardee
Platz eighteen Boers killed, fourteen tak
en prisoners and 3000 cattle, 6000 sheep
and many wagons captured."
BOERS FREQUENTLY CROSS THE BORDER
AND MAKE RAIDS ON STOCK IN ZULULAND
"This appeal have I, Leo Tolstoi, writ
ten, not as a i.ersonal conviction, but as
the conviction of millions belonging to
Russian intelligence."
The correspondent asserts that the let
ter has made the deepest impression
throughout Russia.
The Cologne Volks Zeltung prints a St.
Petersburg special which says the uni
versity situation has suddenly grown
worse. From Moscow University word
has been given to persist in passive oppo
sition until all the sentenced students
have been pardoned.' ' • ¦
The Vorwaerta publishes a Joint protest
from the prolet-u-iat to the world; bearing
the signatures of the leaders of the social
istic movement, including" those of the
United States, dated from Brussels,
against the brutalities of Czarlsm.
BERLIN, April 26.-The National Zei
tung prints a Russian special correspon
dence which contains another version of
the letter Count Leo Tolstoi, on April 10,
addressed to the Czar and cabinet. The
letter protested, against the system of
forcibly suppressing intellectual and po
litical progress and counseled the libera
tion of the peasants from despotic treat
ment, the removal of all barriers to en
lightenment and the free profession of
any faith. The letter concludes:
Sentiment in the : Au
thor's Letter Is Made
"."¦ Known^ ;
TOLSTOI ASKS
FOR PROGRESS
WASHINGTON, April 26.— The adminis
tration has succeeded in securing a col
lection of opinions from the leaders of the
Senate of all political parties upon which
to base negotiations for a new Isthmian
canal treaty to replace the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty. In other words, it is awarp
of the wishes of most of the Senators and
the only problem before the State Depart
ment is to frame a treaty :that will reflect
their views, insuring a two-thirds vote for
ratification and yet shall "be acceptable
to the British Government. If, as reported
from London, the sine qua non is on a neu
trality clause, officials here feel that suc
cess on this point seems within reach. It
is expected that two drafts of the treaty
will be framed before long, probably the
latter part of June, on Mr. Hay's return
from the West. If Is hardly expected,
however, that final results will be attained
before next autumn, after the return of
Lord Pauncefote from London.
LONDON, April 26.-No definite decision
has yet been reached by the. Foreign
Office" here regarding the probable atti
tude of the United States Senate toward
the projected Nicaragua canal treaty.
The negotiations proceeding on the sub
ject of the Hay-Pauncefote treaty in this
connection are understood to be based on
the sine qua non of the neutrality of the
canal. 4 , • »
If this can be definitely assured 1 it now
seems likely Great Britain will agree to
abrogate the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
though there is still the possibility of an
endeavor on the part of Great Britain to
simultaneously bring up the Alaskan
boundary matter. This last contingency is
officially described as being merely a
question of policy, not very likely to be
pursued if the United States is content
to make the canal neutral.
BRITON FAVORS
THE NEUTRALITY
Forei^N0ffice^May Soon
Accept a /Canal
Treaty.
PARIS, April 26.— Advices have reached
here to the effect that a band of Arabs
swooped down upon the village' of Mar
gueritte, 100 kilometers from Algiers, and
slaughtered 300 inhabitants. They -killed
or wounded French officials and gen
darmes, looted the village, cut telegraph
lines, sot fife to the Poatofnce and mur
dered the postmistress.
A small relief force from MHlana ar
rived and compelled the Arabs to with
draw. This force lost one killed and two
wounded.. Strong re-enforcements are en
route to the scene. .
ALGIERS, April 26.— The natives broke
out In revolt to-day near the town of
Mllianah, in Oran province. The Deputy
Administrator of the province and some
native horsemen are reported as prisoners
with the rebels. A. Spaniard was killed
and the village of Marguerite was looted.
Several persons were wounded. Troops
have been ordered to the scene of dis
turbance. »
One report, which is Vet unconfirmed, is
tc. the effect that ten Europeans were
killed at Marguerite. On the arrival of
the troops tha rebels were repulsed and
fled into the mountains. Ono of the sol
diers was killed and two officers were
Injured. A battalion of zouaves left Al
giers to-night, and a squadron of chas-
Geurs from Blidah and 'Orleansville will
repair to the scene of the trouble to-mor
row morning. Lieutenant Colonel Leer
will command the column. , The rebellion
is solely for pillage and has no political
aspects.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Three Hundred Persons
Said to Have Been
Slain."
ARABS STORM
ALGERIAN TOWN
The territory is, sparsely settled, but the
country has turned out to a man, and
fighters are using every known means to
quench the flames. Large parties are en
caged in backfiring, but the scope of the
OMAHA, April 26.— Panned by a high
wind from the south three huge prairie
fires are sweeping over Cherry County in
the northwest corner of the State. The
prairie grass is heavy and high through
out the county, and a drenching rain is
all that will save several villages and a
continuous line of ranch dwellings. The
Hinckney ranch and several others of
lesser size have been wiped from existence
with the loss of hundreds of cattle. Other
herds have stampeded and are scattered
hopelessly over the ranges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' flames, is such that human energy is of
little avail. ,.¦-.-.-
A fierce wind prevails over the burning
district and the fire is making tremendous
headway. It is reported at Valentine, the
county seat, that three cowboys with a
herd of cattle perished east of the L.. M.
ranch. The custodians of the herd made
every effort to get their charges beyond
the line of fire, not realizing the pace at
which the flames traveled. When they
-nally lashed their ponies in a race for
life the fire had caught them in a half
circle.
Correspondents from various portions of
Northwest Nebraska describe the glow in
the sky and the flying bits of ashes due
to the conflagration. The blaze started at
4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, and if
the present heat and wind continue it bids
fair to sear a path to the base of the
Black Hills Jn South Dakota.
Rev. Dr. Robert Mackenzie, pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church, in a letter re
ceived ; recently by the session of his
church, announced his determination to
retire from the pulpit* In this letter Rev.
Dr. Mackenzie, who is traveling in Egypt,
said that while he had experienced a great
improvement in health' while abroad, he
did not feel that he would ever recover his
health sufficiently to permit him to re
sume his duties as- pastor of the church.
Hence he asked that his . resignation be
accepted, to take effect on June 1.
Though the session and many members
of the congregation hope that Rev. Dr.
Mackenzie may yet be persuaded to with
draw his resignation, there is expressed in
the letter the venerable minister's deter
mination to never again return to the pul
pit. The church, people find consolation,
however, in the fact that Rev, Dr. Mac
kenzie announces that he will not give up
his duties as professor at the San Anselmo
Seminary and states. that he will continue
his work there upon his return from
abroad.
Rev. William Kent Guthrie, Rev. Dr.
Mackenzie's assistant, will probably suc
ceed him to the pastorate of the church.
Whether this move will follow Rev. Dr.
Mackenzie's resignation none will state,
however. At Rev. Dr. Mackenzie's home
and also at the residence of Rev. Mr.
Guthrie no one would assume competency
to verify either the resignation of Rev
Dr. Mackenzie or the rumor that Rev. Mr.
Guthrie will succeed him, Nevertheless,
both are generally accepted by the con
gregation, as facts.
DR. ROBERT MACKENZIE
BESIGNS HIS PASTORATE
MANY sorrowing friends attended
the last sad rites held over the
remains of Theodore. E.. Smith
yesterday. The first services
were held at St. Luke's Episco
pal Church, and the remains were then
taken to the Masonic Temple, where the
impressive Masonic burial service was
read. From the temple the body was tak
en to the Masonic Cemetery, where inter
ment was held.
The funeral services were under the di
rection of Excelsior Lodge No. 6 of the
Masonic order, of which deceased was a
member.
Theodore E. Smith was born in Con
necticut and was 66 years of age when
called by death. For fifty years he resided
In this city and was known far and wide
for his interest In church work and for
charitable deeds.
He entered the employ of- Buckingham
& Hecht thirty years ago, and. was a
valued and trusted employe. He is. sur
vived by a widow and three daughters and
two sons.
The question of naval stations has also
been fruitful of discussion. Secretary
Root has made It clear to the Cubans thai
this Government cannot agree to be re
stricted to a single naval station to be
located In. the bay of NIpe, as is proposed
by the. delegates.
The delegates will not see the President
again except to say farewell to him, but
they will continue to have conferences
,with Secretary of War Root as long as
they remain in the city. r
Marquez Sterling, who is accompanying
the Cuban commissioners, received to-day
from J. M. Govln. publisher of El Muntfo,
in Havana, a cablegram which said:
"Producing interests of our country be
lieve that no political arrangement should
be accepted without prior condition that
next Congress will provide for permanent,
reduction of duties en Cuban products,
naturally without sacrificing dignity and
absolute sovereignty of Cuba."
Question of Naval Stations.
The delegates. were much impressed by
the evidence presented to them at the
President's dinner of the unity of feeling
of public men In the United States as tr.
the relations to be maintained between
this country and their Island. They found
that Democrats as well as Republicans
insisted that the Platt amendment must
be accepted as being best fpr both coun
tries. Some of the public men' who have
talked with the Cubans believe that in the
end they will agree to article 3, trusting
the present administration to put a con
struction upon it that will be acceptable
to them and believing that the precedent
established bv one administration ¦would
not be overthrown by any subsequent
President.
and spirit of the Platt amendment taken
as a whole. . '
Satisfactory Settlement Will Be the Out-
come of the Negotiations With the Dele
gates Now at the National Capital
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
TV.. WASHINGTON'. April 2G.— A satis
factory adjustment o'. the differences be
tween the Cuban constitutional convention
and the Government of the United States
will, it is believed, be the outcome of the
negotiations with the delegates now In
Washington.
Secretary of War Root devoted this
afternoon to further conferences with the
Cubans. He entertained them at lunch
con in the Metropolitan Club with As
sistant Secretary of War Sanger, Senators
Spooner and Fornker, Representative
Adams, Generals Miles and Corbin and
Colonel Edwards.
Section 3 of the Plait amendment Is Btill
the principal bone uf contention, and, as
in all of their arguments, the Cubans re
turn invariably to the contention that
that section places Cuba in the absolute
power of the iTnit«d States and allows
lhi6 Government to interfere at all times
and to any extent in the internal affairs
cf the island. This section is even more
distasteful to the Cubans than the re
otrictione placed upor. their treaty-making
or debt-contracting powers.
Delegates Are Much Impressed.
The delegates now propose that the con
stitutional convention shall draw up an
interpretation of section 3 defining just
when and under what circumstances the
United States may exercise the right tg
intervene for the preservation of Cuban
independence. It has been impressed
upon the Cubans that any interpretation
thry may put upon this section must bo
such as will not weaken it in any way
and will not be contrary to the substance
COWBOYS AND CATTLE PERISH IN PRAIRIE
FIRE THAT SWEEPS A NEBRASKA COUNTY
Flames Cover a Vast Tract and Villages and
Ranches Are Doomed.
CUBANS EXPECTED TO ACCEPT
TERMS IMPOSED BY UNCLE SAM
: Refusal to Dismiss.
George Wlttum identified Callahan as a
man who passed by his house on the day
before the kidnaping, between 12 and 1
o'clock. He said he and his wife both
watched the man while he traveled 200 or
300 feet, and until he passed out of sight.
After examining thirty-five witnesses
the State rested this evening. The defense
at once moved to dismiss on the ground
that the allegation of robbery had not
been sustained.
The motion was denied.
At the afternoon session Frank Deu
berry. one of the detectives who arrested
Callahan, was called. He met Callahan
on February 11 and Invited him out to
urink. Callahan then toM him to arrest
a man named Charlie Maynard, who
worked in a gambling house at South
Omaha, and young Cudahy would Identify
him as the kidnaper.
Crowe, Munshaw testified, was accom
panied by a woman when he called the
first time* in a buggy and inquired about
the house. '
Detective Savage was recalled. He tes
tified that he talked with Callahan at
Fourteenth alid I>ouglas streets about
threo weeks before he was arrested. Cal
lahan claimed that he was going to work
switching for the Chicago, St. Paul. Min
neapolis and Omaha road on the follow
ing morning. They talked about the kid
naping and Callahan expressed his belief
of Crowe's innocence and said he had
taken Crowe with him to his sister's house
and introduced Crowe to her as Mr. John
son. This Callahan. said was Just after
the Northwestern train robbery, when
Mrs. Kelly was living in Council Bluffs.
Savage testified that later Callahan ad
mitted to the Chief of Police that he had
introduced Crowe to hia sister as Johnson.
He testified that Callahan said he could
not turn up Crowe, and that he would not
if he could. v'v^V:
Pat Crowe Is Seen.
Munshaw testified that he saw Crowe
there on the day before the kidnaping
and talked with him again, and the latter
said he would move in the next Monday.
Munshaw added that on the night of the
kidnaping the dogs barked late in the
evening and he went out by the well and
saw a buggy or spring wagon drive past
and draw up to the steps of the Schneider
wind house. He was down hill from there
3nd the parites were outlined against the
sky. The" night was dark, but -he could
see the outlines. He saw what he thought
was two men go up the steps and into tne
house, and he thought the parties were
moving in some of their goods.
OMAHA, April 26.— B. K. Munshaw, who
lives near the Melrose Hill house, was
the first witness called this morning on
the trial of James Callahan In the Cudahy
kidnaping case. He identified the picture
of Crowe as that of a man who came to
his house about three weeks before the
kidnaping and wanted to know who owned
the Schneiderwind house. Munshaw said
he told him, and the man came back later
and said he had rented it and paid $1
down and would pay the balance when he
moved in the following Monday.
Callahan's Queer Acts
..... in the Cudahy
Case.
GIVES POINTERS
TO DETECTIVES
Returns From the Various Organizations
in the Church Are Prepared for Pres
entation to the General Assembly
PITTSBURG. April 26.— Harmonious ac
tion was taken by the committee on re
vision of the creed of the Presbyterian
church at its session* to-day at the Mo
nongahela House and a unanimous report
formulated late In ine afternoon for sub
mission to the General Assembly which
will meet at Philadelphia, May 16. The
Rev, Dr. Henry Van Dyke of Princeton
University,. when giving the report to the
press representatives, said:
"The action taken cannot be emphasized
too strongly, for if will have to endure
comment • and - criticism In every Presby
terian vhome and community in the United
States. Ten members signed it and we
are assured that every one of the other
four will attach hi3 signature. It was
the full committee that met and* not a
sub-committee. Professor William **•
Crabbe of Pittsburg was prevented by 111
nesa from being present. Benjamin Har
rison is dead and that leaves the Rev.
Samuel J. Nlccol of St. Louis and Elders
John M. Har'.an, Assistant Justice of the
United States Supreme Court; John E.
Parsons and Daniel R. Noyes of St. Paul
The report which the committee will
make to- the General Assembly is as fol
lows: ' .
Your committee find on examination of the
returns from the presbyteries the following
That the returns indicate that the church
desires some change in Its creedat .statement.
That the returns indicate that no change is
desired which would in- any way Impair the
integrity of the system of doctrine contained
In the confession of faith.
These returns Indicate that it Is the mind
of the church that the confesston should be
interpreted throughout In harmony with the
teaching of Scripture that God is not •wining
that any on<s should perish, nor is it the decree
of God but the wickedness of their own hearts
which shuts some men out from th» salvation
freely and lovingly offered In Christ Jesus to
all sinners.
These returns indicate that a plurality of the
presbyteries desired that changes should be
made by some new statement of present doc
trines.
The returns also Indicate a desire upon tha
part of many presbyteries for some revision
of the present confession, especially In chapter
3. chapter 10, section 3; chapter W, section 7;
chapter 22, section S: chapter 23, section 4.
with additional statement concerning the leva
of God for all men, and for all missions. In
view of these facts we recommend that a com
mission as provided by the form of govern
ment, chapter 23. section 3, be appointed by
this assembly. We recommend that this com
mittee be Instructed to prepare a brief sum
mary of the reformer! faith, bearing the same
relation to the confession which the shorter
catechism bears to the larger catechism and
formed upon the general model of the consen
sus creed prepared for the assembly of 1892.
or the "Articles of Faith'* of the Presbyterian
church of England, both of which documents
are appended to the committee's report and
submitted to the assembly, to be referred to
the committee that may be appointed.
. ThU summary U not to be a substitute for
the confession and Is not to affect the terms
of subscription, but "to. vindicate and clear
the doctrines of the church from all false as
persions and misconceptions." to give a better
understanding of what is surely believed
amonjc us, and Is In no sense to Impair but
Is rather to manifest and maintain the in
tegrity of the reformed faith.
\Ve further recommend that this committee
be instructed to prepare amendments of chap
ter 3 ehapter 11. section 3, and chapter IS.
section 7; chapter 22. section 3. and chapter 20.
section 6 of our confession of faith, either by
modification of the t«st or by declaratory
statement, so as more clearly to express the
mind of the church with additional state
ments concerning the love of God for all men,
missions and the Holy Spirit: It being under
stood that the revision shall in no way Im
pair the Integrity of the system of doctrines
net forth In our confession and taught in the
Holy Scripture. v
ROBBERS STEAL
SAFE AND COIN
Surprising Conduct of
Bold, Bad Men at
Anaconda.
ANACONDA. Mont.. April 26.— Two
burglars entered the Alaska saloon early
to-day by forcing the Main-street door.
Bodily picking up a 300-pound safe they
loaded it on an express wagon. Driv
ing outside the city limits they broke tha
safe open and secured $1000 in gold. Then
putting the broken safe back into tha
wagon they started the horse toward the
city and made good their escape. There
is no clew.
MACON, Ga., April 26.— An express car
of the Central of Georgia railroad, groins
from Atlanta to Savannah, -was robbed
this morning by two men ¦who boarded
the train at Macon. After the train pulled
out of Macon the two men. who had se
creted themselves,, entered the express
car and confronted Kxoress Messenger
J. N. White. They seized and bound him,
hand and foot, and threw a sack over his
head. They then went through his pack
ages and secured about $350. but left a
$1000 package lying on the floor. The safe
resisted their attempts to open it.
At Gordon, twenty miles from, Macon,
the robbers dropped off the train. Th»
messenger was uninjured. Dotectrvea and
company officers are now scouring tha
country Jn search of the robbers.
PRESBYTERIAN CLERGY SUGGEST
FEATURES OF A CREED REVISION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, APRIL 27, 1901.
Remains of Theodore E. Smith Ard Escorted to the Grave
by Many Friends Who Knew of His Christian Worth,
His Sterling Integrity and His Kindness of Heart
FRIENDS TENDER THE LAST HONORS
TO THE MEMORY OF A CHARITABLE MAN
THEODORE E. SMITH, PROMINENT IN CHURCH AND. CHARITABLE
WORK, WHOSE FUNERAL WAS HELD YESTERDAY' UNDER THE
AUSPICES OF EXCELSIOR LODGE, FREE AND ACCEPTED MASONS.
2
COAL. COKE AMD PI a IRON.
J C UlLSOiV & CO ** Battery Street
J-W- nil^OUli U WV-» Telephone Main 1S«4.
COPPERSMITH.
18 Washing-ton «t. Telephone Main E84L
OILS.
LUBRICATTNO OIU1 LEONARD A BTLUS.
41J Front «t., B. F. Phoaa Main 1714.
PRINTINO.
EC HUGHES, - mfc iS5lg?g,, r.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
niE mcKs-Jurm co..
tX Ttm Btwt. Ban Frapelaaa.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. ROYFS & CO BhJpplur Butch-rs. 104
JA> BWIMttWU- clay. T«l. Mala 1294.
To Cure a Cold in Otie Day.
Tako Lftxatlvo Bromo'Qulnino' Tablet*. . 230. *
All torta of people use Pears' noap, a.t MTU
•( itorea tell it, especially druggiata.
No other' soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
Fop the Caps of Gonorrhoea, CIo»t».
Stricture* and analogous complaint*
of th» Organ* of Generation.
Price n a bottle. Por «al» by drogglrta,
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
«» CMICME«TEH'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
H #~CT?W _ . __ Oriataal «n J O«Iy Urwalao.
AjSjR^L «»r CHICUKSTEK'S JCXGL1SH
tr* t * : **&!S\ la USD U'l Gold aat&Oio boxu. mX
J^ ~^R. 1 fj-»»«""rt«>b««- Taka>»«tb«r. Refa*«
TtI *V« I>«»<rwo«» AabitltntloM* mad Imlto-
I / err tlaa*. Bo/ of joar Dnfgln. or t»i -i*. la
I <•* Jf •«»(>• tor Particular*, TeattaaaUU
VV. f? »«<t "Relief fbr Ladle*." in Uil«r, bj- r»>
— \. -fr tmrm Mail. 1 0,O«M> TaaUaoaUU. BoMby
„ — ' »n Drug iiiu. CfcUhestarCheamleaUOs.
Kaatio* tht. p.per. U.41m. Stun* PEUJ»A~ **}
Humors Feed
¦i^-^ on Humors
—
The Sooner You Cot Rid of Them
the Better.
In the spring there's an effort of Na-
ture to cleanse your system. You know
this by the pimples and other eruptions
on your face and body.
Hood's Sarsapar/ffa
taken in the spring, is assisted by this
effort — results are no more certain
than at other seasons, but are quicker.
This great medicine thoroughly
cleanses the system, Rets into all its
nooks and corners, removes all humor*
and all unhealthy accumulations.
Begin taking Hood's to-day.
"Myself and my mother have been
entirely cured of impure blood and that
tired feeling by Hood's SarsaparilU.;
We take it every spring, and think it is
the greatest medicine in the world '*
FRANK HAMILTON. 2718 S. 7th St.,
St. Louis, Mo.
Hood's Sarsaparllta promises t*>
euro and keeps the promise.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlea Lists Mails i
-i- . on Application.
DIRECTORYUNITED STATES MINISTER E. H. CONGER RECEIVING CALLERS IN HIS
ROOMS AT THE OCCIDENTAL HOTEL., AT THE SAME TIME ENDEAV-
V ORING TO ANSWER A FEW OF THE TELEGRAMS HE RECEIVED.
to answer two hundred or more letters
and telegrams relating to his rumored
candidacy for Governor of Iowa.
.- Mr. ¦ Conger leaves San Francisco at 5,
p. m. to-day for Council Bluffs. He goes
via Denver and expects to reach the Mis
souri River Wednesday . morning. About
the* time Minister Conger arrives at Coun
cil Bluffs a special train from Des Moines,
bearing- many of his friends, will reach
the same place. Everything has been ar
ranged so that the first demonstration of
greeting on Iowa soil will take place in
daylight.
"I ani.not a 'candidate for Governor of
Iowa," said Mr. Ccnger last evening.
time. He reviewed recent events con
nected with the appointment of Mr. Dol
llver to succeed United States Senator
Gear. He remarked that the Senatorial
contest resulting in the choice of Mr.
Gear left traces of bitterness.
No Suggestion From 'Washing-ton.
Regarding, his own leave of absence
from China Minister Conger said that all
the stories to the effect that suggestion
of the leave, emanated from the State De
partment were pure Hction.
,-•'1 applied for the leave on my own mo
t'.on,' with the expectation of returning to
China and joining in the resumption of
negotiations. - No flag was held higher
than ours in China, and the story that
President McKinley and the Secretary of
State were disappointed Is pure invention.
If you say 'anything- in The Call on this
topic ¦ publish the fact that the President
and ¦ Secretary of State sent the United
States Minister a telegram of congratula
tion. I was advised that reports might
be published that friction existed) between
the State \ Department and the legation,
and was told by the Secretary to pay no
heed to such statements.
No Truth in Rumor.
"I know," remarked Mr. Conger, "that
stories are afloat stating that President
McKinley is not wholly satisfied with my
official conduct in China, and in order to
relieve the situation of embarrassment to
myself and the administration has hinted
to Federal officeholders that my election
to the office of Governor of Iowa was de
sirable. Nothing- could be further from
the truth. The President would never
countenance such action. We are friends
and served together in Congress. He
knows me. and knows that if I suspected
that his confidence In my Judgment was
in the slightest degree Impaired I would
Instantly resign."
Beappointment of a Collector.
WASHINGTON, April 26.— The Presi
dent to-day reappolnted George R. Bid
well to be Collector of. Customs for the
District of New Tork.
NEW YORK, April 26.— The follow
ing cablegram was received b>
the Christian Herald to-day:
"PEKIXG, April 25.— Very se
rious famine spreading over the
rvhoie province of Shansi. Over 11,000,000
population affected. Urgent relief neces
sary. Conditions warrant immediate ap
pfal. LI HUNG CHANG."
The Christian Herald has announced its
purpose of raising a fund to relieve the
sufferers in the famine-stricken district.
Famine is a subject that promises to at
tract the attention of missionaries from
the controversy that Is being waged be
tween Rev. W. S. Ament and Mark
Twain on the pubject of looting- In China.
Now that Ament has returned from China
and replied to Mark Twain's strictures It
is "up to" the humorist and his re
ply to the latest words of the missionary
is awaited with Interest.
Boxers Eaid Villages.
LONDON. April 27.— The Reuter Tele
praph Company lias received the follow
ing dispatch from Peking, dated yester
day: A band of Boxers estimated at 1000
is operating- twenty miles south of Pao-
Tingf u. It has raided three villages with
ing a week and threatens to massacre the
Christians in that vicinity, many of whom
have fled to Paotingfu for refuge.
In the Manchenff district, northeast of
Faotingfu, another strong band Is com
mitting depredations and has announced
its intention to attack the city of Man
cheng. where there is a post of twenty
German soldiers.
Even Paotingfu, since the town was
practically denuded of troops by the ex
pedition to the great wall, is not want
ing in evidences of serious unrest among
the more disorderly elements of the pop
ulation.
Competent observers believe that thft
worst class of Chinese are only waiting
the withdrawal .of the foreign troops to
resume the campaign of extermination
against native Christians.
The Eoxcrs who are reported active in
these districts are composed of the worst
characters in the province. They prefer
brigandage to honest labor, and they are
reinforced by people rendered desperate
by being driven from their homes, by hav
ing their horses and cattle seized by the
foreign troops and in many cases by be
ing compelled to witness the killing of
their kinsmen without interference.
Evil Continues to Grow.
Th<? evil continues to grew. The state
nf affairs is even worse than it was three
months ago, and it must continue to grow
worse until the allies form an efficient
government, or allow the Chinese to deal
with the situation in their own way. • .
The new beard of reforms scarcely ap
pears to be a regency. An error in trans
lation is responsible for this mistake.
The council, according to the Chinese. Is
formed for the purpose of undertaking
reforms when the court returns to Pe
king. It includes one reactionary, Lu
Chuan Lin, ttnd others of doubtful ten-
Crispi Endangered 'by Fire.
LONDON. April 26.— Francisco >Crispi,
the distinguished Italian statesman, has
just had a narrow escape from serious in
jury. According to a dispatch from Rome
he upset'a lamp in his study. The flames
spread I rapidly and ; tne : servants : rescued
him/only with the utmost difficulty. • ? ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE,
"NAPLES— Arrived April 2S— Stmr Hohenzol
lern, from ¦ New , York, via Gibraltar • and
Genoa, and proceeded.
CHERBOURG— Sailed April 26— Stmr Fuerst
¦Bismarck, from .Hamburg and Southampton
' for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 26 — Stmr
Camparia, from New York, . for . Liverpool ;
stmr Rhynland, i from Philadelphia, I for Llver
nool, and both proceeded, r • .'
NEW YORK— Sailed ; April " 26— Stmrs No
madic, for Liverpool; stmr Scotia, for Genoa. '
MAIY NOT RETURN TO PEKING.
ger's Retirement.
Administration Said to Desira Con-
CAX.L, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, .April 26.— Indirect
comment on the Chinese situation by Min
ister E. H. Conger has strengthened the
conviction of the administration that his
return to Peking would be inadvisable.
Conger has given' expression to statements
which should have been reserved, In the
opinion of the authorities, for the ears of
the President and Secretary of State.. Hia
interviews are believed here to have been
due to his desire to bid for the aid of the
voters of Iowa favorably inclined toward
mission work in the far East. The Min
ister has been : the champion of the ex
treme missionary view, demanding execu
tions and heavy indemnities on the theory
that such demands would prevent a repe
tition of the outrages of last summer. It
has-been left to the administration , to
throw the. weight- of its influence against
indiscriminate slaughter and huge indem
nities, - and its attitude has thus far re
sulted in preventing- «an- internal revolu
tion in China and increasing:, the danger
of partition of the empire. i •.
The " administration hopes Conger will
get the Governorship. It would surprise
few -persons here to learn that a quiet
hint has been given to Iowa Republicans
that the President wpuld be glad If Con
ger could be thus removed from the diplo
matic corps. - ¦ . ¦ ¦,,.'¦
dencles, and it is not altogether approved
by the foreigners here.
EMFBESS APPOINTS BOARD.
Would Shift Responsibility but Stiil
H?tain Control.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W. WASHINGTON, April 26.-In order to
escape responsibility the Empress Dow
ager of China has appointed a Board of
National Administration, which will here
after pass upon internal and foreign mat
ters affecting the empire. While this ac
tion is considered significant, at the same
time it is apparent that the Empress
Dowager will remain in supreme control.
Mr. Squires, Charge d' Affairs in Peking,
who cabled news of the oppointment of
the board, stated that its. composition in
cluded three members of the cabinet now
with the Empress at Siangfu, and Prince
Chiiig, Li Hung Chang and Prince Kung,
DESCENDANT TO HAVE
EJELICS OF WASHINGTON
President McKinley Directs That
Cherished Heirlooms Be Hsstored
to Marie Custis Lee-
WASHINGTON, April 26.— Senator John
W. Daniel of Virginia several days ago
addressed a letter to President McKinley,
indorsing the application of General
George Washington Custis Lee, submitted
by him In behalf of Miss .Marie Custis
Lee. his sister, for restoration of the relics
of General George Washington, of which
he (General Lee) became owner upon the
death of his mother, who was the wife
of General Robert E. Lee.
President McKinley has written Senator
Daniel a letter setting forth that the
relics were turned over to General Mc-
Dowell, then in command there, by a
servant of the Lee family. The general
sent them to the Patent Office for safe
keeping, whence they were transferred to
their present place of deposit, the Smith
sonian Institution. Says the President:
"All the Government did was to accept
the trust of their custody at a time when
the owner could not protect them and
they were consequently exposed to the
risk of destruction. The need for such
protection having ceased, and the trust
voluntarily assumed having been dis
charged, it will afford me great satisfac
tion to give direction for the restoration
to the present head of a historic family of
these cherished heirlooms of the Father of
WS C ° Untry -" • .
CHARGES CONSPIRACY
IN MAYORALTY ELECTION
Former Candidate Meriwether of St
Louis Gives Notice of a Forth
coming Contest.
ST. LOUIS, April 26.— Notice of contest
was served to-day on Mayor Rolla Wells
by Lee Meriwether, the Municipal-Own
ership party's candidate for that office.
In the notice of contest Meriwether as
serts that he leceived.a majority of the
votes cast for Mayor on April 2. and that
from 25 to 150 ballots cast for him in each
precinct were counted for Wells. He
further charges that there was no legal
election, that 15,000 names were fraudu
lently placed upon the registration books
and voted by the judges and clerks and
hired repeaters,. and that a conspiracy to
steal the - election existed between the
Democratic managers, the police and the
Jefferson Club.
Supposed Murderer. Arrested.
NEWWHATCOM, Wash., "April 26.— A
man supposed- to be J. E. Gallagher, who
is wanted on a charge of murdering Jos
eph E. McMahon in Taunton, Mass., No
vember 23," 1S99, and for whom there is
SDOO rev/ard, has been arrested here.
PRINCIPALS IN A CONTRO
VERSY THAT INTERESTS
CHINA MISSIONARIES.
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., April 26— The
Rosebud mine at Aurora caved in to-day
and buried five men at a depth of 110 feet
and seventy feet from the main shaft
Their names are Grant and Elmer Bieler*
William Shane, John Gi'land and Andrew
Fuster. At 7 o'clock to-night the men
were alive. The -sound of. their tapping
on the steel -ground? rails gave their
friends that assurance. Several hundred
men, working in relays* are striving to
rescue the entombed men. but It will take
at least three days to reach them.
STRIVING TO RESCUE
FIVE ENTOMBED ¦ MEN
BLOODHOUNDS SEARCH
FOR' MISSING TEACHER
Colorado Woman Mysteriously Dis
appears and Arkansas River Is
Being Dragged for Her Body.
PUEBLO, Colo., April 26.-A local sen
sation is caused by the mysterious disap
pearance of Mrs. Mertie Buerger, who for
twelve years has been a teacher in the
Pueblo schools. Bloodhounds followed a
trail from Mrs. Buerger's house to and
under a bridge over Fountain Creek a
shallow stream. The Arkansas River
some* distance further on. has been
dragged without result up to this time
WHITEHALL, Ky., April 26.-Aged
General Cassius M. Clay to-day drove the
officers from his house who were trying
to serve on him notice of an attachment
suit filed by his daughter, Mrs. Mary B.
Clay. Mrs. Clay to-day attached '$1500
belonging to her father, an action forced
bj L, n L s ,T ef , us ? 1 , to surrender her furniture,
which he is holding in his house.
The Sheriff's officers who tried to serve
Uit.P^ pe » s we re refused admission to
AVh^tehall and had to shove them under
the door. • Should General Clay decide to
appear in court and fight the suit it
would cause a sensation. .
— *-: - ¦¦¦¦ : , : ~
on Him.
cers Who Try to Sarve Papers
Aged Kentuckian Drives Away Offi-
DOUGHTY CASSITTS CLAY
STILL HOLDS FORT
LONDON, April 26.-Great Britain is
not relaxing her efforts to • induce the
powers to decrease their pecuniary de
mands on China and substitute for a por
tion of their claims commercial agree
ments. The latest advices from the Brit
ish Minister at Peking do not indicate
any degree of success so far, owing, it is
sad, to opposition on the part of Ger
many, which continues to insist on the
payment in full of the large indemnity
she claims. - Rockhill, the American Spe
cial Commissioner at Peking, and Sir
Ernest Satow, British Minister at Peking
are sad to be working on identical lines
Demands on China.
England Would Decrease Pecuniary
Plan of French Officers to End Hos
tilities in China.
PARIS, April 26.— The Gaulois affirms
that General Bailloud and Colonel Mar
chand, some time ago contemplated an
attempt to seize the Chinese Empress and
court. General Bailloud approached Col
onel Marchand and asked him if he would
undertake a certain enterprise which
would very probably hasten the end ' of
hostilities. The colonel • replied that he
was willing and General Bailloud and
Colonel Marchand drew up a plan, the
execution of which was venturesome but
feasible. The diplomats, however, op
posed the scheme and it fell through.
FOR COMMERCIAL AGREEMENTS
WOULD SEIZE THE COTJUT.
The British embassy has been informed
that Sir Robert Hart has cabled to Lon
don that in his opinion China can pay an
Indemnity of $200,000,000. Germany is the
only power which is insisting upon full
payment of her claim and her attitude is
preventing the adoption of the, American
suggestion that the claims be' scaled to
the estimate made bv Sir Robert Hart.
Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister, has
received a dispatch from Li Hung -Chang
suggesting that the powers permit China
to pay the indemnity in installments
rather than Immediately. This would en
able China to deal directly with each of
the powers instead of negotiating a loan
with interest at 5 per cent. This sug
gestion is not acceptable to the officials,
wfio believe that some of .the powers
would desire to occupy territory until the
last- cent of the indemnity had been paid.
who are in Peking. One of the cabinet
at Siangfu is Jung Lu, leader in the re
volt against foreigners last summer, and
is rather lukewarm, in his foreign tenden
cies, and the third is superannuated and
is besides an opium eater. At the same
time they are likely to use their influence
against any progressive recommendations
that may be made by the Chinese repre
sentatives In Peking. Before final action
is taken the Empress Dowager must nec
essarily give her approval so that she is
in a position to avoid responsibility by
placing it urion one of the members of
the board and of punishing him if the
foreign Governments insist upon it.
CLAYTON, N. M.; April 26.— Thomas E.
Ketchum, alias "Black Jack," the notori
ous' outlaw, who had terrorized the people
of the Southwest for the past fifteen years,
was hanged here this afternoon for the
last of .his many crimes and his head
was severed from the body by the rope
as if by a guillotine. - ; The headless trunk
pitched forward toward the spectators and
blood spurted upon those nearest the scaf
fold. ' : -
When Ketchum mounted the platform at
1:17 his face was very pale, but his eyes
swept out over the crowd coldly and bold
ly, as if he had no fear. A' priest stood at
his side as the rope was put around his
neck. The condemned man had consented
to this at the last moment.
Ketchum declined to make a speech be
fore "the noose was put around his .neck.
He merely muttered "Good-by," 1 then said:
"Please dig my grave very deep," and
finally, "All right; hurry up." His legs
trembled but he kept his nerve.
When the body dropped through the
'trap the half-inch rope severed the head
as cleanly as if a knife had cut it. The
head remained in the black sack and
dropped into the pit.
Terrible Scene at Scaffold.
Some men groaned and others turned
away, unable to endure the sight. For a
few seconds the body was allowed to lie
half doubled up on its right side, with the
blood issuing in an intermittent stream
from the severed neck as if the heart kept
on with its mechanical beating. Then,
with cries of consternation, the officers
rushed down from the scaffold and lilted
the body from the ground.
The drop of the body was seven feet,
and the noose was made so that it slipoed
easily. Ketchum was a heavy man and
the weight of the body, with the easy run
ning noose, caused the rope to cut the
head off. Dr. Slack pronounced life ex
tinct in a little over five minutes from
the time the body dropped through the
trap. It is stated that too much of a
drop was given for so heavy a man. Sher
iff Salome Garcia superintended the exe
cution and himself let the trap drop.
Ketchum spent the greater portion of
the morning in reviewing his past life. He
displayed perfect control, frequently re
ferring to his momentarily expected death
in a jocular manner. He cursed the rail
road and express companies and their offi
cers who were instrumental in his con
viction and the people of New Mexico in
general and their laws. He acknowledged
that he planned and led a- gang, in many
robberies accredited to him, including the
robbery of the Southern Pacific at Steens
Pass in 1897, and that on the Colorado and
Southern near Folsom in July, 1898. He
said he knew who killed young Hsrstein
at Liberty, Texas, in 1895, but would give
no names, claiming the guilty parties were
alive. He also said that he knew who
killed A. B. Powers in Tom Green County,
Texas, in 1S96, and that Bud Unshaw,, who
is accused, had no knowledge of that
crime.
. Ketchum declared he was not the orig
inal "Black Jack" and said that outlaw
was still alive and 'en joying his liberty.
The Other "Black Jack."
"There are dozens of men in Southern
Arizona," said Ketchum, who will swear
that I and 'Black Jack' are two different
persons. But he was the cause of my be
coming an 'outlaw. Lee Dow, the officer,
saw 'Black Jack' at the Deer Creek tank
affair and in 1898 he told me that if I was
ever tried, for 'Black Jack's" crimes,-. I
would never get" free, for I looked too
much like him. I thought if I was going
to be hansed for another man's crimes I
might as well have some of my awn. The
real 'Black Jack' got the name because
he was very dark and on the Krie roundup
in Arizona there were two Jacks. They
called him 'Black Jack' to know him
from the other. He held up the Nogales
bank and was in the Wachuca siding af
fair, when the soldiers' money, was
taken." • ¦
Ketchum said that Frank Herrington,
the conductor who shot him, causing him
to lose his right arm: L. C. Fort, the
Wells-Fafgo. attorney, and W. H. Reno,
"the Colorado and Southern Railroad de
tective, who effected his capture, will be
killed within a vear. -
"I smuggled a letter out of the prison at
Santa Fe," he said, "and those three are
marked men." -
Ketchum was the most noted desperado
of the Southwest. Although he was credit
ed with having taken the lives of some of
his fellow-beings yet he finally pair
the forfeit, with his .own life for an at
tempted train robbery in which nobody
was killed. '
Tight on the Railroad.
This crime was committed near Folsom.
N. M., on August 16, 1899. Single-handed
"Black Jack" held up a -Colorado and
Southern passenger train. He ordered the
engineer and fireman to uncouple the en
gine and leave the train. The conductor
and mail agent opened fire on him, which
he promtly. returned. He received the con
tents of a double-barreled shotgun in his
right arm. but/quickly changing the rifle
to his left shoulder, succeeded in wound
ing both conductor and mail agent. lie
then escaped in the darkness, but was
captured the next day. He was tried for
assault UDon a United States mail agent
and- sentenced to ten years in the peniten
tiary. Then in September, 1900, he was
tried on the more serious charge of as
sault upon a railroad train with intent to
commit a felony. He was also convicted
on this charge and was sentenced to be
hanged in November last. The execution
was stayed until March by an appeal to
the Territorial Supreme Court, which af
firmed-the finding of the lower court. In
Mareh a reprieve was • granted until
April 26. ¦_ '
For Murder of Sweetheart.
CLINTON, Ky., April 26.— Thomas Cole
was hanged here to-day for the murder
of Emma C. Rice, his \ sw'eetheart, with
whom he had quarreled. On the scaffold
Cole expressed sorrow for the crime.
Toribio Huerta Executed.
LAS CRUCE3, N. M., April 26.— Toribio
Huerta was hanged here to-day. He mur
dered and robbed a laborer whom he met
on the road. .
Notorious Outlaw Meets a
Frightful End in Clayton
Jail.
HORROR MARKS
BANDIT'S DEATH
Gallows Rope Severs
Black Jack's Head
From Body.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, Al'KiJ. 27, AVOli
Departure From. China Taken on His Own Motion — Not
the Slightest Hint 'Conveyed by State Department That
Such Leave Would Be Acceptable to the Administration
EDWIN H. CONGER SPEAKS FRANKLY
REGARDING HIS LEAVE OF ABSENCE
Li Hung Chang Sends an Appeal to Aid the Hordes of
Starving Chinese, While Boxers Prepare to Renew the
War Against the Christians, and Raid Many Villages
FAMINE SPREADS OVER PROVINCE
OF SHANSI AND MILLIONS AFFECTED
t^ DWIN H. COXGER, United States
\j Minister to China, had anything
but a restful day at the Occl-
dental Hotel yesterday. During
the hours of ¦ the forenoon his
rooms were not vacant for a minute.
Callers were going and coming all the
time. ; Early in. the afternoon he started
out to find a stenographer and later in
the day settled . down • to consider the
work ahead of him. He did not attempt
"Before leaving the Orient I received a.
message asking me it I would accept the
nomination for Governor. I replied in the
affirmative. I considered that Iowa had
done . everything for me and .therefore
could not decline to serve the State. Sub
sequently I received messages to this
effect: 'We understand" that you are a
candidate for Governor. Is this true?' I
replied in the negative. I am not a can
didate." -
Mr. Conger' was asked If any peculiar
political conditions existed In Iowa at this
3
When a man is drowning his rescue
is a question of timely htlp. It is the
same tiling in disease. Many a time the
doctor says of a man whose condition is
hopeleES,' " If you'd begun in time you
znigfht have been cured."
This is especially true when the dis-
ease affects the lungs. Delay is danger-
ous. T3ie timely use of Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery •will result in
e quick cure of deep-seated, coughs,
bronchitis, and weak lungs. Even when
hemorrhages have been frequent and
profuse "Golden Medical Discovery"
has been used time and again with the
result of a perfect and permanent cure.
Mr. McCauley, of Leechburg, Armstrong
Co., Pa., had eighty-one hemorrhages,
and after other medical aid had failed
he was completely cured by the use of
" Golden Medical Discovery,"
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Disco very." There is no other med-
icine just as good for * weak " lungs.
"I was in poor health when I commenced
taking Dr. Pierces medicine, "4^-ites Mr. Elmer
I^aw^er. of Vol^a, Jefferson C\; Ind. "I had
stomach, kidney, heart, and lung troubles. Was
not able to do any work. I had a severe cough
and hemorrhage of the lungs, but after using
your medicine a while I commenced to gain in
strength and flesh, and stopped coughing risrht
sway. Toot about six bottles of the 'Golden
Medical Discovery ' then, and last sprinjj I had
Grippe and it settled on my lungs, leaving me
•with a severe cough. I had the doctor, but he
didnt seem to help me any; so I commenced
your medicine r jjain and took three or four
bottles of the ' Discovery 1 and two vials of Dr.
Pierce's Pellets, and that straightened me up.
I feel like a different person. I gladly recom-
mend your medicine to all sufferers, for I know
it cured me."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper covers, is sent free on re-
ceipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of maiiing only. Address Dr. R.
V. Pierce. Euffalo. N. Y.'I^HB
A Great Labor Leader Speaks.
EDWARD C^^OLL, Former President of the
National Building Trades Council, Is Well Again*
L>eft in a Woriri-out and Exhausted Condition by the Grip, His Kidneys
Became Seriously Affected, But He Was Completely Cured by
That Wonderful Remedy, Warner's Safe Cure.
* Chicago, Feb. 26, 1901.
/^^^^^^^^Mv Warner's Safe Cure Co.,
H^ W Gentlemen : I feel that Warner's
'Ilili^ill^ Urali/ Safe Cure certainly deserves a word
W/i ' (f« of praise from me, because I have
iHssC?** &// been benefited by it to an extent
pr unlooked for when I began using it.
vipi= / The effects of the "Grip" left me in
)fljL /*T a wornout and exhausted condition,
J IK^e' / ffih^ affecting my kidneys, but two bottles
rf^$0"P^^ <^wlJlluf$!t$>-* °^ votir me dicine made, me feel so
1^mi0^^0W//M^m^ much better that I decided to use the
\\OT|l|||f / third, which practically completed a
EDWARD CARROLL,
v\^\^^W^^^^^//^/ '" Ex-President National Building
-'-/ ¦¦..'¦> : - .¦¦-- .- ¦ ..¦•¦:: ': ' : ; : -. ' :-¦ •¦ •¦ I Trades Council.
All Persons who are suffering from after effects of the Grip, or whose kidneys are diseased
in anyway, should go to-day toths nearest druggist and get a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure. :
• Free Sample of Warner's Safe Cure sent on application. Address Sample Department, Warner's Safe Care Co.,.
:', ..;• ' . - ., , /Rochester, N. Y. . , . / .;•'.¦¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.there will be an intermission for, supper,
OPENING CRUISE OF THE SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB
ON THE BAY WILL SET THE SEASON UNDER FULL BLAST
rnittee consisting: of A. F. Broad (chair-
ir.an), ex-Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill, A.
W. Waters, Louis Q. Haven and W.
Mersf elder, who have .had the valuable
assistance of a large number of ladles in
the decoration of the clubhouse. .Re
freshments will be served during the aft
ernoon on the veranda, and a great en
tertainment is confidently expected.
The San Francisco Yacht Club has pre
pared an unusually handsome souvenir
programme, containing half-tone portraits
of the officers, the reception and jinks
committees, and. pictures of the yachts
and 'clubhouse. , The cover is decorated
with th# club burgee in colored leather. -
Pretty nearly the. whole fleet of the San
Francisco Yacht Club Is in commission,
and will take part in the opening: cruise
to-morrow. Colors will be made at 8
o'clock in the morning, and after break
fast owners will repair to the flagship for
instructions from the commodore. • The
cruise will be In squadron by signal from
the schooner Ramona.
V. P. Buckley and Arthur Kanzee'3
schooner Outing will not be put into com
mission, but will remain In the Co4-te Ma
dera Creek, where she has been lying dur
ing the winter. The San Francisco Tacht
Club- may also lose the sloop Catherine,
¦which represented the club In one of the
annual races for the Perpetual Challenge
cup, for she is to be disposed of by raffle
next month. The big sloop Mischief, how
ever, has joined the San Franciscos and
will make her moorings chiefly at Sausa
lito. F. A. Hyde will build a yawl as soon
as he can spare time from his horseless
curriage. Vice Commodore R. S. Bridg-
man's sloop Thetis has-been repaired and
painted, and.H. R. SImpkins' yawl Tra
montana, the largest. of her class in the
bay, Is at her moorings after extensive
repairs with a view to prevent the leak-
Ing which has given her owner so much
trouble.
After a woman" srets to be' 30 she gets
over the idea that only her tender and
unswerving love stands -between her hus
band and the cold,. hard world.
Mrs. Hillyard Wins.
LONDON, April 26.— In the lawn tennis,
covered court, ladies' championship games
to-day Mrs. Hillyard ¦ beat the holder of
the championship'/ Miss Lowtber; by 2
to 0. ". •: ¦ ¦ . ¦ ,-• .
Kelly and Attell Win.
DENVER. Colo., April 26.— At the Colo
rado Athletic Association here to-night
"Spider" Kelly put out Sam Bolin (col
ored) In three rounds. Billy Stift and
Jack Johnson (colored) of Texas fought
a ten-round draw and Abe Attell of San
Francisco won from Young . Cassidy. of
Colorado Springs :»i the ' second - round.
Referee English stopped the fight when
Cassidy was staggering around the ring
after having been down twice from the
terrific punishment of the Californian.
LONDON, April 26.— H. J. King's Es
meralda II, ridden by Lester Reiff, won
the Princess *of Wales" handicap of 500
sovereigns at Sandowne Park to-day.
Richard , Croker's Harrow, with Johnny
Reiff up, finished . second andNahlband
came in third. .Nine horses .started. ;.
Reiff Brothers Win.
: T. Serres and J. Glynn vs. E. White and
C. Larkin; W. H . Sieoerst and .' W. F.
Stapff.vs. W. Fisher and M. Basch; N. J.
Prendergast and A. Jacoby vs. E. McDon
ough and E. Lynch; M. Joyce and D. Con
nelly.vs. • P. 1 'Ryan and W. Williams: M.
McNeil and P. McKinnon vs. G. • McDon
ald and P. Mclntyre; P. Basch' and S.
Wurkhelm vs. M. Levy and E. Levens; L.
Waterman and J. R. : Bockman vs. D. . J.
Sheehan and N. Berger: M. : Dillon and J.
Harlow vs. E.:Maloney and E.Curley; J.
White and R.^ Murphy vs. J. Collins and
W. Maguire; J. C. Nealon and R."-Line
han vs. A. Hampton and M: J. Kllgallon.
At the San Francisco ' handball courts
to-morrow the following matches will be
played:
Handball Games.
LONDON, April 26.— At the inquest to
day over, the ; remains of "Billy" Smith,
the American pugilist who was fatally in
jured Monday night at the; National
Sporting Club by "Jack" Roberts in a
boxing contest, a surgeon testified that
the autopsy showed a laceration of the
right side of the brain; that otherwise
Smith's physical condition was perfect
and; that, his death was due to violence,
isat Smith raised the question . of bis
brother having been givenv something to
drink at the end of the, seventh -round
which caused his collapse. The tJoroner
reserved the point for discussionton Mon
day. ¦ - -" '-'•,.. • :'-¦¦
¦ 'The right name of. the deceased 13 Mur
ray Livingston. He/ resided in -Philadel
phia.
Blow 'Killed Smith.
Trick and fancy spring-board diving— D.
McCann. M. Carmody. S. Grueman, J.
Dollar. H. Wilson. L. Hanlon. T. Thomp-
Bon, A. Sunberg. E. Winfield, F. Paine. C.
Harnes. F. Ral>ton. J. Collins, T. McKll
lcp, J. A. Jackson, L. Ba^dain,
One hundred-yard race (amateurs)— J.
Holland. P. Maine, O". Schulte, B. Berrv,
E. KIpp. O. Beyjuss. W. Dawsett. G.
Fr*eth. J. Bevlns, R. Riding, G. Kelber.
F. Corder. A. Hay. F. Crowder. D. Harris,
H. Dodson, M. Duran, H. Leicken and H.
Seebech. XfKMffnBSBV
Fifty-yard dash (juveniles)— F. Moody,
E. Maulan. W. Armacost. E. Winfield, C
Donovan, E. Wells, J. O'Brien. W. Boyle
C. Crist, A. Springer, S. Finnigan, E.'
Lynch, D. Kerwin, A. Martinez, W.
Adams, E. Franks, L. Harper and H
Heinz.
Underwater twimming, tub race, <hign
diving for boys— Open tp all.
Following are the entries for the swim
ming at Su'tro Baths to-morrow afternoon:
Swimming at Sutro's.
The next important event in tennis Ar
cles is the championship torunament of
the Pacific. Coast, held at San Rafael.
There is some talk of holding both
doubles and singles tournaments at the
same time. By doing this "several players
from the northwest and Southern Cali
fornia would journey here to compete.
With euch men as Freeman, Foulkes and
Goward of the north and Bell, Hendricks
and Sinsabaugh of Los Angeles entered
much interest would be added to the
championship events.
With the ; singles championship of the
coast but two months off, the local cracks
are practicing constantly. Merle Johnson
is improving very ! rapidly and is " making
big strides toward first place in the second
Class.- - -
Al Rosenberg, who has been on the
shelf for several months, has taken uo the
game again and is fast roundingHnto
form.; • - ¦ . ¦,.-¦_ .
The twelfth handicap doubles tourna
ment for the Davis cups will be played to
morrow, commencing at 11 o'clock. These
cups have been won twice by three teams
— the "Whitney -brothers. Collier -and Cro
well. and Smith and Cornell. '>,>
Pete Smith has offered prizes for a
novel event to come off a week from Sun
day. It . will be * a tournament in which
only those who - have never played In a
tournament are eligible. This will give
the lower class men a chance .to win a
tournament. .--^' -.- , ' •:' : ¦¦.
TOURNAMENTS ON
TENNIS COURTS
All" the cycling clugs that intend en
tering teams in the annual 100-mile relay
race on May 12 will hold final try-outs to
morrow, after which the teams will be
selected.- The Olympic, Bay City, Califor
nia and Reliance clubs will races on the
San Lcandro triangle, and the Garden
City Wheelmen will use the Gilroy road.
The following Sunday the -men'-, "who
have been selected to represent the vari
ous clubs will be sent to their respective
relays. In order that they may become fa
miliar-with the particular ten miles they
are expected to cover, and many of them
will remain in the vicinity of their courses
until the day of the race, riding their re
lays every day intervening. ¦ •
None of the clubs holding try-outs to
morrow will publish the results of the
men's rides, as it Is not desired that the
Other clubs should know how well or how
poorly the men are doing prior to the race.
The teams will, doubtless -be announced
the middle of next week.
-Fred West of the Bay City Wheelmen
defeated George McKinney of the Olym
pics at the Elnahurst track last Sunday in
two out of three races run between them,
thus making -him winneFv of the match.
McKinney won the five-mile paced pursuit
event, but later West won at a" mile,
scratch, and a' mile pursuit, both unpaced.
Knox defeated A. T. Smith' in a ten-mile
paced pursuit race. ¦ <v^*v.
TRY-OUTS FOR
-¦ CENTURY RELAY
The South Ena Rowing Club will hold a
regatta to-morrow over the Long Bridge
course. There will be barge, outrigged
skiff and shell races and possibly, a cutter
race between two divisions of the Naval
Reserve. Police Judge A. J. Fritz will
officiate as' referee and William Thomas
as starter. The first event will be a handi
cap barge race, one crew being made ,up
of Robert- McArthur, A. Carson,* Henry
Bode and Frank Dunlissea, with Lowen
burg as cockswain, and the other consist
ing of Arthur McDuffy, Thomas Lynch,
John Mitchell and E. Scully, with Thedy
atrtlie tiller lines. George McGrill will
receive a handicap, from James P. Foley
in' a. shell race and Dr. C. C. Dennis will
give a handicap to .M. E. Cashman in an
outrigged skiff race. Jame3 P. Foley, M.
J. Breen, James Pallas and Joseph Lyons
will row a barge race against Thomas
Barry, Walter Duplissea. Charles Skelly
and T. I. Fltzpatrick. .There will be an
outrigged skiff race between. Robert Mc-
Arthur and M. J. Breen. The third barge
race, of the day will be between a crew
made up of Charles Jenkins, Emll Blum
lein, Frank Mayo and Dr. C..C. Denn's,
and a four composed of. M.. Harris; Qs E.
A'. Crelghton," Alexander; McGeorge and D.
Pallas; , , v ; ¦ -, ;/ ,
The retirement of E. A.- Kragness of the
Dolphin Boating Club from active athletic
work owing- to the development of a "bi
cycle heart" has broken the Dolphin junior
barge crew for the present, but a new one
will be organized and will shortly ?o into
practice. It Is not unlikely that . A. W.
Pape, who has done, so much good rowing
for the Dolphins, will stroke : a~se*nior
barge crew., the other members of which
will be George Baker. Captain W. O.
Patch and Stanley Adderley. -The last
named has for several years been a mem;
ber of the Triton Boating Club, but since
that club takes no part in racing and Ad
derley has acquired a reputation as a fast
man in the outrigged skiff he has resigned
from the Tritons and will conteiit himself
with membership in the Dolphins.
SOUTH END CLUB
TO HOLD REGATTA
YACHTS THAT SAIL IN ' THE RACES BETWEEN CLUBS ON THE SAN. FRANCISCO BAT. THE SEASON IS
FAIRLY STARTED AND FROM NOW ON THE INTEREST IN YACHTING BY THE VARIOUS CLUBS WILL
BE ON EDGE. - - .
National League.
NEW YORK, April 26.— New York won '
from Brooklyn to-day In the opening same of
the season. Attendance. 9S0O. Score:
ClubS^- . R. H. E.
New York « 5 5 3
Brooklyn — 3 4 2
Batteries — Matthcwson and Bowerman; Don
ovan and McGuire. Umplre^ — Colgan.
PHILADELPHIA, April 26.— In a game de
void of Interesting features Boston defeated
the Philadelphia Xational League team to-day
Attendance. 779. Score:
Clubs— R. h. E.
Philadelphia '.. % 5 -,-<y
Bo3ton '. 4 8 • ,'-,' 4 .,
Batteries— Donahue and HcFarland; Fittln-'
ger and Klttredge. Umpire— O' Day.
CHICAGO. April 26.— Cincinnati won the
opening- Xational League game here to-day In
the twelfth inning. Captain Corcoran acorinsy
the winning run on his third hit, third steal
and two put-outs. Hughes went to pieces in
the third. Attendance. 22Ca • Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Chicago ¦•••••••••••••••••••,•••.......,.. T 8 1
Cincinnati ... g 13-4
Batteries— Hughes. Tklenefeo and Kllng: New
ton and Pettz. Umpire— Emslie.
PITTSBURG, April 26.— The Plttsburgr base
ball season will open to-morrow. This decision
was reached by the officials of the Plttsbur?
club late to-day, the condition of Exposition
Park having improved to such an extent that
It was deemed advisable to abandon the orig
inal plan of deferring the opening same until
Monday. Pittsburg and St. Louis will be the
opposing teams.
American League.
BALTIMORE, April 28.— Baltimore defeated
Boston to-day in the opening game of the
American League season here. President
Johnson of the American League tossed tha
first ball upon the diamond. Attendance, 10,
: Boston ...•. !"I;.I~"1"1.« 9 1
Batteries— MeGlnnity and Robinson; Kellum
and Criger.
DETROIT. April 26.— With two men on bases
and two owt In the ninth. Inning to-day El
berfleld drove the ball to the clubhouse win
ning the second gtime of the season of the lo
cal American League. Attendance. 4500.
Mnw^ukee"'.'.""."'.'.'.".".";;;;;;;.".;;; 5 J f ]
and at Leah*~° Wen * Slever and Bu el°^: GarTln
PHILADELPHIA. April 26,-The Washington
American League team debated Connie
Mack's athletes in the opening game of tie
season to-day. Attendance. wToOO. Score:
Clubs — j^_ jj_- jj_
"Washington 5 ¦ »
Philadelphia !!."".;*! 7 7
_Batteries-Carrick . and Clark/, Eraser and
* cw era.
MANY GAMES ON
EASTERN GROUNDS
One mile— Branch won. Leo Newell second
Odner third. Time. 1:42 1-5.
Mile and an eigrhth— Myth won. Dagmar sec
ond. Papa Harry third. Time. 1:54.
Six furlcngs. selling— Ppry won. Ante Up sec
ond. Etllionatrc third. Time. 1:17.
About ffveii furlongs — Magic Light won
Hammock second. St. Kinnan third. - Time!
im l-n. ¦• ¦ ¦
Five furlonss— PoFtillion won. F. Whittier
6eccnd, Carrier P!preon third. Time, 1:04. '
Six furlongfs — Donna Henrietta won. All
Feints p»cor.d. Brahmindale third. Time 1-29
CINCINNATI. April 2fi.— The track at New
pert was eo badly flooded to-day that the races
were postponed until Monday.
XASHVILLE. Tenn... April 26.— Cumberland
Park summary:
Seven furlings, selling— Virgie d'Or won, Sue
Johnson second, Clarence B third. Time, 1:28.
Half a mils — Marie Bell won, Ewan Dance
(tecond, Ruby Ray third. Time. :50.
Six and a lialf furlongs— Kindred won Ben
Ledi s<»oond. Felix Bard third. Time, 1:21.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile— Lemuel won.'Kafflr
second. Pilaster third. Time, :56.
Mile and a sixteenth. selling — Aurea won
Windward second,' Lady of the West third
Time. l:U.
Five and a half furlong*, selllns-— Echo Dale
won. Villmar second, Snowstorm third. Time
1:0*1*- . . ¦ <
CHICAGO. April 26.— Lakeside summary: .
Four and a half furlongs— Bert Sargent won.
Prince Webb second. Hat Mitchell third. Time.
:E7 2-5.
Five anfl a half furlonrs — Incandescent won.
John GrlgsViy second, Mark Miles third. Time
: :C9 2-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Irma S
won. Barney Saal second, Laura G third
Time. 1:10.
Five and a half furlon**— Emma M won.
Miss Dooley second, Jake Weber third. Time
: :30 1-5. • -»
XEVT TOF.K. April 26. — Aqueduct summary:
Five ar.d t half furlongs, selling— Scorpio
wca, Mal-.irr. second, I'etra II third. Time,
1:09 1-5.
About seven furlor.ps, selling:— Animosity won
Her Ladyship second. Balloon third. Time,
1:2* 2-5.
RACING ON THE
EASTERN TRACKS
Roscoe Havens has been fishing on the
Aroya Honda and returned some days ago
with a fine basket He will leave to-day
for the stream and camp out two nights.
The Fiah Commission will remove from
their present rooms on the seventh floor
to rooms on the sixth floor of the Amu
building after May i. ine mms
Al Cummings is fishing on the Beswick
at Klamath Hot Springs.
S Mr. McCormick sent down a nice basket
from Boca.-
In spite of adverse weather conditions
the Fish Commission has been meeting
with" a fair share of success in the col
lection of rainbow trout eggs at its differ
ent stations. Reports from its stations
on the Klamath River are to the effect
that about 800,000 eggs have been secured'
and the run is not yet over.. From their
station on the Truckee River they have
returns of 620,000 eggs. This' is In excess
of 120,000 over the total take at that point
last year. Reports from the egg collect
ing stations at' Lake Tahoe show a little
fh excess of a million. The take of the
lake trout eggs is unlimited. The com
mission opened a hatchery at Wawona
this week and the output will be taken
from Lake Tahoe and distribution will
be confined to the waters of Yosemite and
National Park, as heretofore.
Anglers who -propose going to the Mc-
Cloud •' River, and should desire going- to
Dunnings or Campbells, will " be pleased
to know that the wagon road has been
completed from Bairds Spur to Dunnings
and arrangements are now being made to
go directly to that point instead of going
around by way of Baird,
Colonel Kelleher and two friends are
staying at Lee Dunning's, about twelve
miles above, Baird, where they will re
main for sflme time. The colonel writes
that fishing is improving. What they
want is warm weather.
Messrs. Vogelsang, Gould and Burnham
returned from their trip to the McCloud
River on Tuesday last. They report that
the weather has bean cold and unfavora
ble for good results. They did, however,
catch some very fine fish.
John McDonald of Boca 'sent down a
fine lot of fish taken from the Truckee
early, in the week. He stated that the
prospects for a good season are very
bright. It is too early, however, for "ang
lers at Truckee, as the river ! is considered
a late stream. ¦ " :
Cold Weather Prevents Good
Catches, but^ Devotees Are
Hopeful of Better Results
With Warmer Weather
ANGLERS ARE
ENJOYING FAIR
TROUT FISHING
The freshmen have received a challenge
from the Nevada track team for a. meet
to be held at Reno on May 4, but no ac
tion has been taken upon it. The 'var
sity will meet Washington May 22 on the
local oval. The system of graduate coach
ing and .the four men selected at lasf
night's meeting to look after Stanford's
football interests this fall met with uni
versal approval among the students. It
is felt that the presence of four veterans
will do much to instill the old time en
thusiasm Into the candidates of the 1901
team. Personally the four men cho%en
are among the very brightest gridiron
stars that Stanford has produced.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, , April. 26.—
Steady practice for the last two ¦weeks
has the cardinal baseball squad in the best
form it has attained this season. The men
with the exception of Catcher Ball are in
good physical condition and should give
a good account of themselves. Ball has
been suffering from a slight touch of
pneumonia -which has kept him out of .the
last few practice 'games, but he will be
seen behind the bat In to-morrow's line up.
The personnel of the team will be the
same as in the last game with Berkeley.
Parker will be in the box and should do
some efficient work. . He is steadier than
ever and fields his position like a veteran.
Murphy at third and Cowden at first are
both putting up a better class of ball
than earlier in the season. .The outfield
also should prove satisfactory. The game
will be -called at Recreation Park at 10:30
to-morrow morning.
BERKELEY, April 26.— California will
hold its third and decisive baseball game
with Stanford Saturday mojning at 10:30
o'clock at 'the Eighth and Harrison street
grounds. The University men have been
practicing well this week and will make
every effort to redeem themselves for the
poor performance in the last game.
There will be several changes in the line
up. Hamlin will go from certter. field to
first base. Gardiner, who formerly played
first, will be retired to the bench. Adams
will take second bag in King's place, who
will also be retired. McKeown will go
from right field to center. Phelan will'
take McKeown'! position at right.
The line up will be as follows:
Stanford. Positions. California.
Ball '. Catcher Smith
Parker Pitcher Overall
Cowden First base... Hamlin
Mlsner Second base.... Adams
Edwards Shortstop Hunter
Murphy Third base Braly
Drown.., Left field >... Kennedy
Symonds Center field. McKeown
Bennett Right field Phelan
Baseball Superiorly Will Be
Settled This Mining on
Recreation Grounds — Each
Universiiy H is Won Game
LAST CONTEST
BETWEEN THE
COLLEGE NINES
Hcrrera denies that after seeing Mc-
Govern box en Thursday he decided that
he wanted none of that sort of game.
Frank M. Carliio, his manager, will arrive
frem Bak?rElieM to-day and seek an in
terview v.ith Harris, ("arillo says that if
Harris will bet him J5000 to $3900 on the
r-ide he will accept, McGovern to fight -at
any •ocisht. Herrera at 126, eive or take
two pounds, weighing in to take place at
2 o'clock of the day of the fleht.
In nil of ilcGovcrn's previous fights
there has btsn little need of at referee.
Oniy a iilnsle decision cculd have been
rendered, and in most instances the de
cliion vrcs cirse to the first sound of ihe
ecr.g. The 2£cGcvcrr.-Gc.ns fight provoked
bostCe coir.rr.ent, but there was nothing
for tiie referee tc do. at its end but pro
claim Terry the winner, even if Gans did
ehev.' a sircn.1: of yelioTr or something
else. A 23-rcund fight between McGovern
end Gnrcncr would be a- novelty in fistic
CTCata. It vrcvAC be no pleasant task for
•c refers; if bcth r.cn appeared strong at
the finish. But this is not likely
to htppen. It is not in the make
up cf either r.teGcvern or Gardner to al
low the flshi to eo the full limit. Their
Etylca arc averse to protracted battles.
The p-orpects point to a fast fight, a con-
ElEicpt. fierce pace until one or the other
measures his length upon the floor.
Sam Harris, ilcGovcrn's manager, Is an
B3tutc, shrewd entrepreneur. He knows
the vciue cf Terry McGovern as a moncy
ea.rr.cr and he is also keen enough to
knew that a defeat would mean the loss
of thousands and thousands of dollars.
Harrit." opposition to a local referee Is not
founded on ary belief in their incapability
ov lack cf honesty. He says he does not
k~cw them ct all and he cannot afford to
ttilco any possible chance with his man.
Any referee •nriom Harris knows— not pcr
ccr.ally, "cut through his work in the ring
— T/iil be acceptable" to him. He says that
he r.-lshcs lo be Euro that the man who
6ctc the f:£ht movlns on Tuesday night is
a ir.sn cf e-perlence and known integrity.
There ure three competent local referees
In this city, a'l of whom have the
confidence of the people. They are Phil
Wand, Jack Welch and Jim McDonald.
As i&T as honesty goes not a breath of
•suspicion has attached to any of these
men und their capabilities have never been
biiousfet' into Question by these who have
teen them inside the rcj>es. No objection
to a Jocai r.an is expected from the Gard
ner Elde, but opposition wilL in all prob
ability be ferthecming from the McGovern
camp.
When the Twentieth Century Club was
organized In this city it was understood
that Charley White would be its official
referee. A stcrm arose in certain sport
ing circles over this announcement and
the club abandoned White for the time.
There 1b a strong possibility that Charley
White will be chosen Inside the ring next
Tuesday evening when McGovern and
Gs.rCr.er ccine together.
"White has been expected in this city for
the past week and will certainly arrive
within a few days. It is said that hi3
visit to this city Is for the sole purpose
of seeing' the fight; that he comes without
any ether Intention. This may be 60, but
when he arrives White may discover that
he has a. job ahead of him which he will
not refuse.
But one preliminary arrangement re
mains for the final settlement of the •Mc-
Govern -Gardner fight— the selection of the
referee. Who he will be is a mat
ter cf doubt. The Twentieth Century Club,
speaking through its match-maker,
James Kennedy, declares that the referee
will be chosen not later than Sunday, in
order to avoid all complications at the
laat moment.
Three Locai Men in the Field
May Be Overlooked for an
Easterner— Charley White
Is Expected in a Few Days
SELECTION OF
REFEREE WILL
CAUSE TROUBLE
Magnificent ChallenseTrophy
Is Almost Certain to Adorn
San Francisco Clubhouse
Until Next Year's Contest
CALIFORNIA TO
GET HER FIRST
GOLF CHAMPION
On Mayday the Linda Vista Golf Club
of San Jose will hold a tournament, with
handicap, on Its course near Alum Rock
Park, the prize being a medal. Play will
begin at 10 o'clock In the morning and
will be over nine holes for the women
and over eighteen holes for the men. The
following handicaps have been allotted:
Guy Vachell and F. Knowles. scratch: Dr.
C. H. Walter and J. D. Grissim. 10: Joseph
R. Patton, Philo Hersey, George M. Bow
man and C. C. Cootidge. 14; R. R. Syer.
C. C. Schneider, F. A. Schneider and A.
Don Hines, 18. Among 'the ladies Mrs. H.
A. Vachell, Mrs. Joseph R. Patton and
Miss E. A. Bowman play from scratch;
Mrs. Ralph Hersey, Miss Ogier and Miss
S. C. Haldan receive 3; Miss Florence
Clayton has. a handicap of 5: Miss Grace
Adel and Miss C. E. Sweigert receive 8,
and all others 10.
On Saturday, May 4, at 10 o'clock in the
morning, there will be a tournament, open
to members of any golf club, for women
on the links of the San Rafael Golf Club.
In the afternoon of the same day, be
ginning at 2 o'clock, there will be a tour
nament over eighteen holes, medal play,
from scratch, open to men members, of
any golf club. There will be no entrance
fee, and a large list of entries is expected.
The San Rafael course is a very sporty
and interesting one and Is In excellent
condition at present.
The tournament is being played under
the St. Andrews rules, as amended and
interpreted by the Unlted*Sta.tes Golf As
sociation, with the special rules in force
on the Presidio links. These special rules
particularly relate to balls going Into the
wood on playing to the first or second
hole, striking the telegraph poles or wires
in playing to the second or eighth holes,
hitting on the fly the posts or wires pro
tecting any of the putting greens or lodg
ing in the corral in playing to the ninth
hole. In most of . the above cases the
golfer may drop a ball on the spot where
the stroke was played and play another
stroke without any penalty.
Thirty-two entries in all were received
for the tournament, twenty-four from San
Francisco and neighborhood and eight
from Southern California. Of the thirty
two entries twenty-one played hi the qual
ifying round on Wednesday, divided a3
follows — seven from San Francisco, six
from Oakland, two from San Rafael, -five
from Los Angeles and one from Pasa
dena. Thus of the eight entries from
Southern California six put In an appear
ance, while of the twenty-four entries
from San Francisco and neighborhood fif
teen entered the qualifying round. The
two Southern Calif ornians who did not
come up are two of the strongest players
In the State, G. E. Orr and C. B. Maud.
The former has recently lost a relative
by death and the latter is too busy with
the orange crop to leave Riverside at pres
ent. Notwithstanding the absence of these
two veterans, the six southerners secured
four of the first six places in the qualify
ing round, in which H. M. Sears of the
Los Angeles Country Club handed In the
lowest score. Of the six Oakla-nders who
played all secured a place in the sixteen.
The most notable absentees on the slda
of the local golfers were B. D. Adamson.
H. B. Goodwin and S. L. Abbot Jr. of
the San Francisco Golf Club and C. P.
Hubbard of the Oakland Golf Club. S. L.
Abbot Jr. had not entered, as his busi
ness does not permit him to be absent
three consecutive days. The other three
entered, but did not play the qualifying
round. H. M. Sears' score of 176 for four
rounds of the Presidio course, or an aver
age of <4 to each round, on a. day which
was windy throughout was an exceed
ingly good performance, and marked him
out as a strong and even player. "When
the fact is considered that the southern
ers were playing for the first time in
tournament on turf greens, which, how
ever jrood they may be, have not the bil
liard-tablelike trueness of a "skin green,"
their performance Is still more creditable.
The interest of golfers throughout the
State Is concentrated on the first com
petition for the amateur championship of
the Pacific Coast, which, yesterday after
noon reached the final round. At the con
clusion of. to-day's play there will be a
Pacific Coast amateur golf champion.
But, though that will .be the title of the
winner of the final round to-day, he will
really be a champion of all California,
since the Pacific Coast Golf Association
at present Includes in Its list of associate
and allied member no clubs outside of
this State. Long 1 before next year's tour
nament comes off it la practically cer
tain that the golf clubs of Oregon. "Wash
ington and British Columbia will be In
cluded in the association, and that players
from Victoria, Tacoma. Seattle, Spokane
and Portland will be entitled to contend
for the golf blue ribbon of the Pacific
Coast. Y> -. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 27,; ,\ 1901.
SPORTS : YACHTING, GOLF, COURSING, COLLEGE ATHLETICS, FISHING, SWIMMING,
after "which there will be a low jinks.
Many of the yachtsmen will spend the
night on board the boats, but those who
desire to return to the city after the last
ftiry-boat has departed can do so in the
launch America, which Port Captain
James Kitterman-has kindly offered for
the purpose. The ladies of the Las Ami
gas Club, which on week days has the
use of the- upper floor of the clubhouse
and of. the rowboat owned by the club,
spent yesterday in decorating the main
hall and anterooms with flowers and
ferns. The . arrangements for the day's
entertainment have been made by a com-
THE yachting season of 1901 may
now be regarded as fully open,
for to-day the San Francisco
Tacht Club will hold the open-
Ing ceremonies, and the Califor
nia and Corinthian yachtsmen havo al
ready had £heir opening Jinks and cruises.
The clubhouse at Sausallto and the ferry
boats of the North Pacific Coast Railroad
will be gayly decorated, while the whole
fleet will be a-flutter wilh signal and
prize flags. This afternoon the schooner
Ramona, W. N. McCarthy's flagship; J.
D. Spreckels' schooner Lurllne, and the
ether yachts lying at the moorings off. the
clubhouse will be open for the reception
of visitors, and from 3 o'clock until 5:30
there will be dancing In the main hall to
the music of a string band. After the re- ,
turn of the. ladles to the city by the 5:55
boat from Sausalito the clubhouse will be
given up to the yachtsmen, for whom
dinner will be set at 6:30. In the evening'
there will be a high jinks, the overture
being furnished by the string band, and
the rest of the music by a brass band. An .
excellent programme has been prepared
and Invitations have been sent out to
all the yacht owners of the bay. At' 10:30
4CHARLEY WHITE, famous as a second and a referee of prizefights. Is ex
pected to arrive in San Francisco on Monday. White is picked as the most
likely candidate for the referee of the McGovern-Gardner fight. He was
the second of. Jim Corbett at Carson, and since that time has refereed many
of the biggest fights in this country. v -. ¦..• . .. \ - . •
CHARLEY WHITE. WHO WILL PROBABLY BE SEEN IN THE KING
NEXT TUESDAY NIGHT, WHEN GARDNER AND McGOVERN
FIGHT BEFORE THE TWENTIETH CENTURY CLUB.
At a meeting of the gentlemen members
of St. Dominic's Church last Monday
evening It ¦was decided' to hold the annual
reunion and excursion of the congregation
at Glen Ellen, Sonoma County, on Thurs
day. May 24. J. B. Mclntyre was chosen
chairman of the committee and George
M. Kelly secretary. Great interest was
manifested by those present at the meet
ing and a most successful reunion may
be anticipated. The committee adjourned
to meet every week until May 24.
St. Dominic's Church Picnic.
\ The will of Juliana' Sarah Sanders, who
died in London on April 5,' was filed in
this city yesterday for 'probate. Follow
ing are the bequests:- . To Annabel -M.
Buckland, Emily R. Sanders, Theodoria
Farquharson, Henrietta • Applegarth .and
Charlotte M. Hobson. sisters of deceased,
$1COO each; Fannie Brady, a sister. $100; to
C. Buckland, •= a brother-in-law, $401; to
Charles and Andrew Sanders, nephews,
$400 each; Dr. Owen Buckland, a nephew,
$200; to Maria L. Sanders, Laura S. San
ders,'Clara S. Edmunds. Mabel J. San
ders,. Mary Hector, Jane Madden, Kate
J. Smith, Fanny Dyer, Lizzie McFadden,
Edith Bastaph, Amy Williams and Char
lotte Payne, nieces, and Arthur H. San
ders, Frederick A. - "Williams and Edwin
Williams, nephews,' $100 each. . The residue
of tfco estate is beaueathed to George H.
Sanders, < a , brother. - Dr. : Owen Brockland
and Joseph Leggett are named as execu
tors. - • - ....--:_..
Juliana S. Saunders'-Will.
Teresa Bell Sues for Fortunes.
Teresa Bell, as special administratrix
of the estate of the late Thomas Bell, filed
suit yesterday to recover possession of 17.
000 shares of the capital stock of the Stand
ard Quicksilver Company, which Mrg.
Bell alleges was unlawfully taken from
her under the claim that an assessment
levied. on the same was delinquent. In
another suit Mrs. Bell demands judgment
for $250,000 against D. O. Mills, the alleged
value of €75 shares of the Bellingham Bay
and British Columbia Railroad Company,
and 3401 shares of the Black Diamond Coal
Mining Company, which, it is alleged.
Mills purchased from the Bank of Cali
fornia In 1S98 for $40,071 95. Mrs. Bell
c'aims this stock was unlawfully sold to
Mills. ¦:'- ZZJf.
Hospitals Must Be Fireproof.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Commute*
reported yesterday in favor of requiring
all hospitals and sanitariums hereafter
erected to be built of fireproof materials
and not to exceed four stories to height.
The Advertising Men's Association of
California, recently organized and which
has for -Its object "to bring together the
duly accredited representatives of the
various dally, weekly, monthly, bi-month
ly and other legitimate publications of
this city and the State of California; to
further good fellowship among its item
bers; to provide headquarters and pro
mote the mutual Interests of advertising
men," will meet at the banquet hall of
the California Hotel to-morrow morning
at 10 o'clock for the purpose of electing
oncers and adopting the constitution and
by-laws. All advertising men who may
be interested in the mutual relations of
representatives of the craft are invited
to attend this meeting.
Advertising Men Will Meet.
BRANCH ESTABLISHED
of ECONoanc league
Distinguished Iften to Lecture on
Subjects of Vital Importance to .
American People.
A branch of the Economic League,
founded by the University Association of
Chicago, has been established In San
Francisco. A large number of prominent
citizens, business men and educators,
have enrolled as members.
The lecture course In this city will be
gin on Saturday evening. May 11, the
opening lecture being on the subject of
"Trusts," by Professor Adolph C. Miller
of the University of Chicago.
The series of lectures will be univer
elty extension work on the practical and
vital questions of the day. The object
of the league is to encourage an interest
in the discussion of social and economic
subjects and to furnish reliable informa
tion on such topics as trusts, municipal
ownership, national expansion, the Mon
roe doctrine, money, tariff, direct legis
lation, etc.
Dr. Herbert Fuller of the University
Association of Chicago is now In San
Francisco arranging for the course of
lectures of the Economic League.
Wants City's Wires Removed.
The Merchants' Association petitioned
the Board of Supervisors yesterday to
make provision in the next tax levy for
removing the city fire alarm and police
telegraph wires from the poles owned by
the various electric light, telephone and
telegrapB^ companies In order that these
companies may comply with the law re
quiring: them to remove their poles from
certain districts within a fixed time.
LIEUTENANT EDWARDS
DISHONORABLY DISCHARGED
Officer Who Left Transport at Naga
- saki Can Now Return With
out Fear.
Lieutenant Edwards of the Twenty
sixth Infantry, who, rather than face a
court rnartial upon his arrival here, left
the transport Garonne at . Nagasaki, has
been dismissed without honor from the
service. He can now return to this coun
try without fear as army boards take no
cognizance of the presence of ex-army of
ficers. No one seems to know upon what
charge the lieutenant would have been
tried and his fellow officers will not talk
about the matter.
The voluntfeers occupying the camps
at the Presidio will be mustered out of
the service before May 15. Colonel Joce
lyn, mustering out officer, has fixed the
following dates for the mustering out of
the regiments: May 1, Twenty-eighth In
fantry; May 2, Thirty-fifth Infantry: May
6, Thirty-ninth Infantry; May 8, Thirty
second Infantry; May 10, Twenty-ninth
Infantry, and May 13, Twenty-sixth In
fantry. • . ¦¦-..- .¦¦¦
him to an English turfman.
The rich $2000 Gebhard stake for two
year-olds will be the feature at Tanforan
this afternoon. All of the best youngster*
In training are carded to go, making u a
very open betting proposition.
Carruthers & Shields- will hold a big
dispersal sale at. Oakland .Tuesday, April
30, before. the first race of the day. The
firm will dispose of nearly its entire rac
ing stable, reserving Topmast, Advance
Guard and a few two-year-olds for its
Eastern campaign.
"With two exceptions all of the thorough
breds to go under the hammer have won
one or more races .during the season.
William Riley will be the auctioneer.
• Among the racers to be sold are Danger
ous Maid, Prejudice, Sir King-ston, Ravel
ing, Quibo, Sweet Voice, Handicapper,
Antagone and Bob Palmer. , , -
day In the Justice's Court by the Mendo
cino State Hospital for the Insane against
the City and County of San Francisco
which will ultimately determine the lia
bility af the city for the maintenance of
criminals held before the Superior Court
of the city and county and sent to the
institution named.
The actions are all brought by W. "W.
Cunningham, treasurer of the hospital,
with, the consent of the Attorney General.
The first complaint covers the case of
Leo Strassman, who was placed on trial
in the Superior Court on August 13, 1900,
on the charge of assault 'to commit mur
der and was afterward adjudged insane
and committed to the hospital. The Board
of Supervisors refuses to pay $45 for his
maintenance. The other demands for
$210 and $150 respectively are for the care
and maintenance of Robert L. Hunt and
Henry "Williams.
SUES ; FOB. MAINTENANCE
OF CRIMINAL INSANE
Mendccino State Hospital Authorities
Ask the Court to Determine This
City's Liability. f£?\
Three actions were commenced yester-
George T. McDonnell was brought be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock yesterday morning for examina
tion on the charge of having counterfeit
ing- tools and molds in his possession. The
prisoner had been arrested at noon on
Wednesday by United States Secret Ser
vice Operator Moffltt, and the alleged
counterfeiting tools and molds were found
In his room. On motion of Assistant
United States District Attorney McKin
lay the examination was postponed until
Wednesday of next week at 10 o'clock.
McDonnell was connected many years
ago with the notorious Bidwell brothers
in a scheme to defraud the Bank of Eng
land out of £1,000,090, and was suspected
of having forged l^ank of England notes.
Some time after McDonnell's release from
prison he came to this city — about six
years ago — and was leading an honest life,
earning his living as a photographer.
Several months ago McDonnell notified
William A. Pinkerton that a. man named
Young had approached him for the pur
pose of coining Mexican doljars into
American dollars, an operation which
would yield a neat profit of 100 per cent.
He had consented, he said, for the pur
pose of entrapping- Young-. An engraver
made two dies for them, which, however,
were found to be imperfect and were de
stroyed. McDonnell then decided to go
to Mr. Pinkerton to put him on his eruard
against Toune. Nothing- was done in the
matter until the arrest was made by Ope
rator MofStt last Wednesday.
The dies and molds found in McDon
nell's room are blanks, and it Is doubtful
whether a. conviction can be had for that
reason. The prisoner says that they arc
the molds and dies made while he was
with the man Young. The secret service
men are now huntine for Young, who has
plipped throueh their finsrers.
The postal authorities, on the sugges
tion of the local secret service office, are
preparing a complaint against McDonnell
fcr usint the mails In a. petty scheme to
defraud. They decline to give any Infor
mation until the papers shall have been
prepared and the evidence secured.
McDONITEU/S CASE GOES
OVER TLLL WEDNESDAY
Prisoner "Was Once Connected With
Notorious Bid-well Brothers, but
Afterward Lived Honestly.
Harry "Walters, the notorious bunko man
and two of his confederates, John Bell,
alias Stone, alias Campbell, and F. M.
Morgan were cleverly captured by De
tective Hamill and Policeman Pat Sulli
van at a house/^h Eddy street near Tay
lor yesterday afternoon and were booked
at the City Prison on a charge of vag
rancy. There is another charge of vag
rancy pending against Walters in Judge
Cabaniss' Court. '
C "W. Young, an ex-soldier from Manila,
met Morgan on Market street yesterday
morning and Morgan showed him through
the Mint. He was so obliging that when
he asked Young to meet him again at 1
o'clock at Sixth and Market streets Young
readily consented.
Hamill observed them talking together
at Sixth and Market streets about 1
o'clock and followed them, to- the house)
on Eddy street. He summoned Sullivan
and the arrests followed.
Young said they introduced him to a
game of stud horse poker. He had only $3
in his pockets and when they discovered
that he had no more money they gave
him back the JS and told him not to
squeal. : -'-'\ jf J'\" ¦ v ' ¦ ""
THBEE BUNKO MEN"
.CLEVEKLY CAPTURED
Harry "Walters and Two Others Intro
duce an ex-Soldier to Stud
horse Poker.
The second Ehoot for the Allen handicap
gun and Sweeney record medal will be
held at the Empire grounds. Alameda
Point. Sunday. April 28. Besides these im
portant events practice and pool shooting
will be indulged in and flying targets will
be trapped for 1 cent each to all comers.
Empire Club Shoot.
Other results <n the first division were:
Douglas beat Hamilton, 3 up and 2 to
play; Davis beat Cory, 1 up; McCawley
beat Suydam. 7 up and 6 to play; Sutton
beat Manice, 6 up and 4 to play; Stockley
beat Tappin. 1 up; Travis beat Carpenter.
1 up; Robbins beat Seeley, 2 up and 1 to
Play.
The greatest interest was centered in the
play between the contestants in the first
sixteen for the principal prize. C. B. Mc-
Donald of Chicago defeated James Lynch,
the local champion, by 9 up and 7 to play.
Lynch did not win a single hole during the
match.
LAKE WOOD, N. J., April 26.— There
was a delightful change in the weather
when play was resumed at Lakewood to
day in the spring golf tournament. Mau
rice Carpenter, Richardson and Suydam,
who tied for the three last places in the
first division yesterday, played off, and
the result was that Richardson had to
stpp back into the second sixteen.
On Lakewood Links.
TAJSTFORAU PAE-K-Friday, April 26,
1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
2356. FIRST RACE— Five and a half fur-
longs; selling; four-year-old3 and up; purse,
5350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
2208 B. Taylor, 4. 111. Martin 5 1 1^ 1 3 1 l'i
2314 Cane jo. 4, 10G....Ranschl0 8^ 6 1 "25
2238 First Shot, 4, 108..Matth 2 2 1 3 h 3 1
199S Hilary, 4, 108.Fauntleroy 1 4 h 4 h - 4 1%
2340 G. Finder, 4, lOS.Materne 8 6 2 5 % 5 1
1888 Scotch, 4, 10S Conley 4 9n 7h 6 14
2172 Y. Morello, 4, lll.Hazardll 11 10 9 2 7 2
2308 Favorito. 4, 108.. Alexdr 3 3h 2h S %
(21D9)L,etiger. 4, 10S....Farrell 6 7h 8 1 9 1
2351 S. Matts, 5. 111.. Russell 9 19 4 10 3 10 3
• 2307 Mifford, 5, U5..Macklin 7 oh 1120 1123
12G0 Tolly Tot. 4, 106..Basngrl2 12 13 12
Time— 3-16, :1S; U. :24V4: M, :50i£; 5'.if, 1:08.
Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. C. Nealon's ch. g. by
El Rio Rey-Nellie Post. Buck was backing
up some as the curtain fell. Canejo slow to
get moving as usual. Hilary had no excuses.
Scotch only fairly well ridden. Young Mo
rello might do over a distance. Letiger In
poor luck.
Betting— Buck Taylor, 11-5; Canejo, 4; First
Shot. 10; Hilary. 9-2; Gold Finder, 12; Scotch.
30; Young Morello, 20; Favorito. 40: Letiger,
15; Senator Matts, 50; Mifford, 30; Tolly Tot,
60.
2357. SECOND RACE— Four % furlongs ; sell
ing: two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2315)Irma A, 104.... Bassinger 3 13 12 14
(2261)San Lution, 10S...Howe!l 1 2 2 2 2 2 1
2328 Huachuca, 114 ..Sullivan 5 4 »£ 4 1 3 H
2352 Ogle. 108 Meade 2 5 2 5 5 4 3
2345 M. Murphy, 103.Materne 4 3 h 3 h 5 1
2333 Escalante. 108 ...Alexdr 7 7 7 6 3
2201 Quiet, 108 Farrell 6 6n 6h 7
. Time— V*. :24; %. :48^4- Poor start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
J. Sullivan's b. f. by Rey El Santa Anita-La
Viente. Winner dodged a bumping affair at
the start. Chances of»Huachuca were ruined.
Ogle, a bad actor, helped cause it. Mike
Murphy in need of a rest. Quiet Interfered
with.
Betting— Irma A. 6; San Lution. 5; Huachu
ca, 9-5; Ogle, 4; Mike Murphy, 20; Escalante,
10; Quiet, 10.
2.158. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2336 Blnsteln. 6, llL.Basngr 3 3 h 2 1 11
2320 S. Tarsus, 4, lOS.Alexdr 4 1 h In 2 V x
2326 T. Miller. 4, lll.Fauntry 6 5 1 3 h 3 h
2192 Hungarian, 5, lll.Mathw 7 7 Vi 5 li 4 2
232G Formatus, 4, 108.. Conley 2 2^4 2 6 4
2326 N. Clark, 4, 106. .Russell 1 4 h 6 2 6 3
2308 limelight, 5, lll.Ransch 9 9 8 2 7 2
2325 Sprung. 4, 108....Howell 5 619 8%
2289 J. Reid, 5, 100. ...Martin 8 8% 7 3 9
Time— >,£, :24%; Vi, :49; ?i, 1:14%. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, Earnshaw
Bros/ b. g. by Riley-Maggle B. Winner has
been showing plenty of speed. The Miller cut
off. Hungarian could have won with a ride.
Formatus cult. Limelight pulled up lame.
Scratched— William F 108, Rainier 111. Talma
111.
Betting— Einstein, 5; Saul of Tarsus, 9-2; The
Miller, 13-5; Hungarian, 6; Formatus, 10; Net
tie Clark, 20; Limelight, 8; Sprung, 20; Jennie
Reid, 20.
2359. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. M>. Str. Fin.
(23i6)Rollick, 3. 97 Ransch 13 1 2 3.16
2127 Seide, 3, 102 Meade 4 lh 1% 2n •'
2340 Clarando.. 5, 105.. Russell 6 5h Bh 3h,
2343 Mocorito, 6. lOo.Bassingr 2 22 32-42
(2341)BoundIee, 4, 106.. Martin 3 7 7 6 2 .'
2354 Mike Strauss, 4. 104. Hoar 7 4 % 4 % ,6 1%
2171 Esplrandov.6i-lQ8..Canley 5 6 1 J 2 -'7
Time— V*. :23%;'%. :48:' %, 1:14. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.- Win
ner, Burns & -Waterhouse's ch: g. by Take
Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick best and excel
lently ridden. Seide set a clip he couldn't
carry through. Mocorito gave it up. Clarando
went the long route. Boundlee cut off at start.
Kspirando no speed. Scratched — The Singer 104.
Betting— Rollick, 11-10; Seide. 6; Clarando, 30;
Mocorito. 7-2; Boundlee, 6; Mike Strauss, 60;
Espirando, 15.
23GO. FIFTH RACB-One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, $400. .
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. »4. Etr. Fin.
(2329)R. Shannon, 4, m.Russll 6 2h 22 14
2212 Sir Hampton. 4. 111. Bass 2 12 1 % 2 h
2341 Flamero, 5, 112... Ransch 5 4 3 3 114 3 4
2342 Catasfphe, a. 112.Gisbrn 7 6 4 4 3 4 10
2340 Maydine, 4, 108...Howell 3 3h 5 2 5h
2324 El Mido. 6, 113.. Sullivan 1 7 5 7 12 6 2
2342 Don Luis, 6, H2...Hafley 8 5 2 6 2 7 10
2325 Mary K'sella,'6, HO.Mrtn 4 8 S 8
Time— V*. :25%; %, :50; %. 1:15U; mile,. 1:42.
Good start Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, Thompson & Hagerman's b.
h. by El Rio Rey-Bessie Shannon. Rio Shan
non only galloped from the start. Sir Hamp
ton not the horse he was. Flamero has gone
back.. Catastrophe sore in his front underpin
ning. Don Luis no speed. El Mldo no account.
Scratched— Campus 115, Rlnaldo 112.
Betting — Rio Shannon, 18-5: Sir Hampton, 2;
Flamero, 7-2; Catastrophe. 7; Maydine, 15; El
Mldo, 15; Don Luis, 40; Mary Kinsella, 100.
2301. SIXTH RACE-Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, "Wt. Jockey. St. V-. Str. Fin.
2342 Goldone, 4. 107.Basslnger 4 11 1 1% 1 2
(2331) Donator, 6, 108.... Conley 3 4 V& 2 2 . 2 3
2121 Gd. Sachem, 6. 107.Russll 15 5 3 h
2349 Vohicer, 4, 107 Martin 2 3 h 4 % 4 6
(2S49)Matt Hogan, 4, 108.Rnch 5 2 13 2 5
Time-%. :24%; %. :48%; %, 1:02; %, 1:28.'
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner. J. Coffey's b. h. by Imp.
Goldfinch-Miss Gift. Goldone best ridden.
Donator can do better. Vohicer ¦won't . do.
Matt Hogan gave it up.
Betting— Goldone, 7-2; Donator,' 9-5; Grand
Sachem, 12; Vohicer, 7; Matt Hogan, 3.
Grand Juror Dunn filed a communica
tion, in which he alleges that the Market
street Company is violating ordinances
continually, and the Supervisors had the
right to raise the license. .
Acting Secretary Schmltt of the Grand
Jury said that body had declined to ac
cede to the request of Grand Jurors Badg
er and Dunn that the board be petitioned
to increase the license tax on cars.
Secretary Clayton of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Road made a strong pro
test against the passage of the ordinance.
Clayton held that the car lines were pay-
Ing a just share of their revenue to the
city. |
Jere T. Burke said the Market-street
Company paid 30 per cent of its earnings,
or $290,256, to the city in taxes in 1899-1900.
Supervisor McCarthy thought the in
creased license would depend entirely on
the capability of the companies to pay it.
He made a motion that the companies be
directed to file statements of the cost and
maintenance cf the different lines to
gether with their capitalization. Burke
said he thought the board of directors of
the Market-street Company would furnish
the statement.
. The Supervisors' License Committee yes
terday postponed for two weeks 'action on
the proposed ordinance increasing the li
cense tax on street cars from flo to $50 per
annum. This course was taken in order
to allow time to procure certain data con
cerning the cost and capitalization of the
various street railroad companies.
INCREASED LICENSE ON
STBEETCABS CONSIDERED
Corporations Will Be Asked to Fur
nish. Board of Supervisors "With,
Financial Statements.
Limerick, the Tammany horse, formerly
owned by Garnet Ferguson but now called
King's Idler, won a. $2000 hurdle event in
England recently. Garnet sold the horse
to Johnny Schorr, who in turn disposed of
Having closed up his business affairs,
Barney Schreiber left a day ahead of time,
taking the train for St. Louis last evening.
Barney had a good season here, leaving
well satisfied with his California trip. The
Schreiber horses will remain here for
some days yet, in charge of Felix Carr.
First race— Six furlongs: four-year-olds and
upward: selling.
2358 Jennie Reid. ...109 2319 Spry Lark.. ....109
2351 McAlbert Ill 2360 Maydine 106
2335 Parader Ill (1852) Ralston Ill
2340 Mike Rice HI
Second race — Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds; purse.
2298 Quadra 102 2345 Vasallo 102
2339 Graham Green. 105 2315 Lady Carlo 105
2339 Pepper Sauce..lO5 2339 Redan 102
2273 Senator Bruce. 305 2352 Achilles 105
2339 Gerardo 105 2309 Yellowstone ...105
2333 Murcia 102 2317 Wander'g Boy.105
Third race— Five and a half furlonjss; three
year-olds and upward; purse.
2354 Prejudice 116 2354 Hermoso 124
(234S)Doublet 118 (2354)Dr. Cave 121
2224 Frank Bell 121 2270 Hagerdon 118
2343 Valencienne ...US 2182 Tola 106
Fourth race — Futurity course; two-year-olds;
Gebhard handicap.
2311 Flora Pomona.116 2293 S. Lichtensteinll2
2352 Divina 102 2225 Lucien ApplebylU
2309 Prestano 100 2311 Doreen 113
2293 Phyllis 95 2357 Quiet 96
2328 Evea G 95 2345 Jarrefrre d'Or.110
23C3 Sister Jeanle...ll2 (2352)Louwelsea 108
Fifth race — One mile; three-year-olda and up
ward: Free handicap.
2360 Six Hampton...' 901 (2347)Beau Ormonde. 109
2347 The Fretter....llo 2327 Bernota 9«
2347 Danger's Maid. 981 2157 Bathos 9(
Sixth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward ; selling.
2340 Expedient 1C: 2306 Jim McCleevy..lO5
2342 Merops 102 2291 Nllgar 102
(2325)Sugrden 102 2353 Gotobed 105
2334 Guilder 102 2342 Alaska 102
2282 Sir Kingston... 102 2323 Filon d'Or 102
2353 Sunello 1<2 (233S)Elnstein 102
Probable Winners.
First race — Ralston, Mike Rice, McAlbert.
Second race — Vasallo, Redan, Graham Greene.
Third race— Frank Bell, Hagerdon, Hermoso.
Fourth race— Flora Pomona, Doreen, Divina.
Fifth race — Beau Ormonde, Bathos, The Fret
ter.
Sixth race— Gotobed, Filon d'Or, Merops.
?
Track Notes.
To-Day's Entries.
"Longshot" Conley had the leg up on
Donator, favorite for the closing seven
furlong selling affair, and by dull and
stupid riding 1 was beaten by : Goldone. If
the colored boy can do no better he should
go back to the minstrel business, Goldone
went to 7 to 2 in the betting arid won all
the way. Grand Sachem was third.
Russell made such a bungling job of it
astride Montallade* oh Thursday that the
ring laid 18 to 5 against Rio Shannon
when he was posted to ride. The horse
look a sweet 8 to 5 chance and, never
forced to get out of a gallop, led out Sir
Hampton four lengths in 1:42. The last
named horse ruled favorite. Flamero fin
ished third.
Ransch experienced no difficulty what
ever in putting Rollick over the plate
winner of the next selection, also over six
furlongs. Trailing Seide to the stretch,
he then assumed the lead, winning at
leisure. Clarando closed auite a gap. fin
ishing third, only a neck behind Seide.
Had Bassinger not reached for his whip
Mocorito might have taken the show.
There will always exist a doubt as . to
whether Einstein was the best horse in
the third event. At any rate, the *ix
furlongs just suited the uncertain per
former, for he landed first at odds of 6 to
1. a length before Saul of Tarsus. Faunt
leroy, on the favorite. The Miller, after a
hypnotic ride, dropped in third. Hunga
rian might have scored with an intelli
gent rider, but the stunts of E. Mat
thews anchored the horse.
On paper it looked as if Doble & Co.'s
colt Huachuca ought to win the two-year
old number and the majority of big bet
tors got aboard at 9 to 5. A general crowd
ing match iust as the barrier was re
leased seriously retarded the chances of
the favorite as well as one or two others.
Bassinger, on Irma A, a 5 to 1 chance,
slipped away first and ¦was never caught,
beating San Lutlon out four lengths. Hua
chuca, under vigorous riding, ran a good
third.
A very warm tio some days ago when
he failed to come through, Buck Taylor,
the El Rio Rey four-year-old, defeated
a big bunch of platers in the first event
at five and a half furlones. Sent to the
post favorite with Jack Martin up. he
quickly showed first and won ridden out
from Cane.io and First Shot. The winner
is owned by James Nealon.
Nothing of a sensational character
marked the sport at Tanforan yesterday,
unless it was the downfall of four favor
ites. Bassinger, the colored rider who cut
quite a wide swath at Kinloch Park last
summer, had a shade the best ¦ of it in
the way of saddle honors, piloting three
winners.
days the local firm has been dick
ering with Barney Schreiber and yester
day the St. Louis bookmaker and
breeder disposed of a half inter
est in the colt for $5000. At any
time within six months by * the pay
ment of a like amount the son of imp.
Sain will become the sole property of
Burns & "Waterhouse. Besides, under the
terms of the transfer, the latter<horsemen
are to pay all training expenses, stake en
trance fees and jockey fees and half the
winnings of the colt are to be paid to
Schreiber. At the close of the season here
the youngster will be shipped to Chicago
and if he meets with no misfortune will
take a whole lot of beating. •
— - URING the balance of his racing
career the crack two-year-old
Corrigan will carry the colors of
___. Burns & Waterhouse. For some
BY F. E. MULHOLLAITD.
A new "annual" event, the inaugural
day of which is close at hand, is the lat
est thine on the card to add to the list
of high class coursing affairs on our local
fields.. The meeting will be named the
California Coursing Committee stake, and
only members of the committee will be
allowed the privilege of nominating a dog
for the event. That the list of competi
tors for prizes will be a top-notcher goes
without saying.
On Saturday, May 25, the California
coursing committee will hold Its annual
meeting. Delegates from all parts of the
State will be in attendance and consider
able important business in the interest of
coursing will be brought up. A banquet
will follow the meeting. The big stake
will be run the next day, and as the in
terior coursing clubs have agreed to close
on that day Union Park ¦will have no op
position. Immediately after the announce
ment of the new event there was a hurry
among the local members of the commit
tee to get in line to secure first choice
of noted performers^ and In consequence
nothing but the pick of championship
stock will have a chance to contend.
Those who are entitled - to a nomination
in the big 1 event axe R. K. Malcolm, J.
A. Klein, I. F. Halton and J. R. Dickson
of the Interstate Coursing Club: P. J.
Reilly, Captain. Clarkson. D. Dillon, Dan
Delury and H. A. Deckelman of the In
gleslde Coursing Club; Charles Gassagne
and H. H. Lyon of the Los Angeles Cours
ing Club; E. N. Whiteside and W. H. Car
michael of the San Jose Coursing Club.
"William O'Netl and I>r. E. J. Weldon of
the Sacramento Coursing Club; Dr. F. P.
Clark and R. E. Wllcox of the Stockton
Coursing Club; C. W. Edgecombe and W.
J. Perry of the Vallejo Coursing Club,
and Q. Van Hummel, J. H. Rosseter and
John Grace, unattached.
During the meeting the buttonhole
badges emblematic of the sport, and ac
cepted as the official badge of the com
mittee, will be presented to- the delegates.
The San Francisco Bench Show will
have quite a number of fine-looking grey
hounds to contest for honors. Cavalier,
Beauty Spot.. Elista. Pretender. Aethra
and Twin City Girl will be on the boards
and For Freedom and Fortuna Faventa
will be exhibited without contest for
prizes.
CMarini Brothers have filed copartner
ship papers with the California Coursing
Committee.
The recent ruling regarding the guard-
Ing of dogs In a stake has caused the
members of the Curtis family to make
individual registrations. So far the elder
Curtis has not announced his dogs, though
the boys have notified the committee of
the following ownerships: P. M. (Mitch)
Curtis— Cavalier, McKinley. Narcissus.
Cash, War Eagle. "Warpath. Anchor.
Shadow, Echo, Wapsee. Vagrant, Rosl
nante. Sir Pitt. Mrs. Flske, Miss Pye.
Becky Sharp. Betty Martin. The Fram
Imo.. High Born Lady, Fashion Plate
and Bed of Roses; A. R. Curtis— High
Hoe, Rockette. Dragon Fly. Pilot. Lord
Beaconsneld, Flying Fox, Vulcan, Rector.
Charta, Loyal Lad, Blue Ribbon, King
Cotton, Candelaria and Luxor.
The stake offered for this week's attrac
tion by the Union Coursing Park man
agement is one of the best and most
evenly balanced of the season. The top
notch champions— Palo Alto. Beacon and
Slsquoc— that have figured in many finals
recently are out of the running, so the
stake presents a very open look.
California Committee Stake
for Which Members Abne
Can Nominate Will Be the
Next Big "Annual" Affair
NEW EVENT IN
COURSING FOR
DOGS OF CLASS
Crack Colt Will Sport the California Firm's
Colors in Future — Outsiders Again' in
Evidence af the Tanforan Racing Park
BURNS & WATERHOUSE ACQUIRE
AN INTEREST IN CORRIGAN
REFEREE CHARLEY WHITE WILL
SOON BE IN SAN FRANCISCO
It Is Believed That He Will Be the Man
Selected by the Twentieth Century
Club to Decide the Featherweight Fight
The • League of the Cross Cadets have
two baseball games scheduled to-morrow
at the Sixteenth and Folsom streets
grounds. Company B will meet Company
C and Company D will meet Company G.
The first game will begin at 12:30.
The Richmond Stars and the Eagles will
play at the Presidio Athletic Grounds to
morrow morning at 10:20. Harry Wheeler
will umpire.
Baseball Notes.
(magnate)
Herb. Hanlflnl.... Third base.. ....Ben Woolner
Jack Mathews.... Shortstop. ...:.. ..Beach Dean
Georse Uhl........Left field. ....... ...Ray Baker
"W. Warnock...... Right field A. P. Leach
Charles Hart. Center field R. B. Ayer
OAKLAND, April 26.— Nines from the
Nile Club and Oakland Lodge No. 217 of
Elks will play baseball Saturday I after
noon at 2:15 o'clock, at Freeman's Park,
Golden Gate^ The young men on each
side invite their friends to witness the
defeat of their rivals. Here is the make
up of the nines:,
'Elks. • Position. ¦ , Nile Club.
Harry Platt Catcher Percy Black
George Blethen... Pitcher...... ...Jack Cook
A. L. Lone First base Willie Dean
Nate Sessions Second base...J. Cal Ewlng-
Elks vs. Crocodiles.
Runs responsible for — Johnson/ 11, Strlcklet L
Home run — Devereaux. Three-base hit — Han
lon.- Two-base hit. Devereaux. 1 Sacrifice hit—
Doyle. First base on errors— Los Angeles. L
First base on called balla— Los Angeles 4, Sac
ramento 5. Left on bases— Los Angeles 5, Sac
ramento 7. Struck out— By Johnson 3, by Strick
lett 7. Double plays — Sheehan to Courtney to
Hanlon; Stricklett to Hanlon; Brockhoff to
Hartwell. Time of game— 1:35. Umpire—Dona
hue. Scorer— Rutherford. A
SUMMARY.
Sacramento Wins.
SACRAMENTO, : April 26:— The Sacra
mentos gave the'Loa Angeles baseball 1
team a terrific drubbing to-day, the score
being 11 to 1. .Stricklett, for. the. home
team, only allowed two hits and struck
out seven- men. Johnson,' for the visitors,
was hit freely, Devereaux making a homo
i run and a two-bagger. . • ..
The visitors played an errorless game,
but Stricklett was a puzzle to them. Both
Devereaux and- Kelly at short played
magnificent ball, each being accorded
eight hard chances and both accepting
them without error. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 2b 4 0 0 0 10 0
Hutchinson. lb 10 10 5 0 0
Householder, cf S 0 0 0 0 0 0
Spies, .c 4 0 0 0 4 0 .0
Reilly, 3b ....4 0 0 0 2 4-0
Kelly, ss 4 0 0 0 2 6 0
Swindells, rf... ...... 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Bowman, If 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Johnson, p 2 1 1-1 0 1 ¦ -0
Hartwell, lb 2 0 0 0 8 0.0
Totals 29 I 3 1 27 11 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, cf ... 6 2 2 0 0 0 0
Devereaux, ss 6 12 0 3 5 0
Courtney, 2b.. 3 1 1 0 14 1
McLaughlin, If 5 1 2 0 4 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 1 I 0 10 0 : 0
Doyle, rf * 0 10 0 0 0
Stanley, c. 6 0 2 0 8 0 0
Sheehan, 3b.. 4 2 10 0 11
Stricklett, p.. 4 3 2 0 1.1 0
Totals 39 11 14 0 27 11 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '
Los Angeles .......00 1 00 00 00—1
Base hits 0 0 2 0 0-0-0 0 0—2
Sacramento '..." 0 0 6'2 00 014 0—11
Base hits 0 0 5 2 10 14 1—14
Runs responsible for — Borchers 3, Iburg 1.
Three-base hit— Arrellanes. Two-base hits—
Francks, Streib and Borchers. Sacrifice hits —
Dunleavy and Nordyke.' First base on. errors-
San Francisco 3, Oakland . 1. ¦ First base on
called balls— San Francisco 4. Left on bases-
San Francisco G, Oakland 3. : Struck out — Iburg
6, Borchers 2. Double plays — Dunleavy to Ar
rellanes, Schwartz to Krug to Pabst. Passed
ball— Lohman 1. Time of game— 1 hour 35 min
utes. Umpire-^J. O'Connell. Official' scorer-^
H. S. McFarlln. . . .-» . ; „ . ...,..•
SUMMARY.
Three more fell to the lot of the locals
in the eighth. Krug hit safe and went to
third on Holland's hit to right. He scored,
on Pabst's drive to left. Nordyke, who
followed next, hit toward first, and would
have been out, but just as the sphere
came within a, few feet of Moskiman it
bounded over his head and traveled out
where the daisies grow in the right gar
den. ' This unavoidable mishap allowed
both Pabst and Holland to amble home.
In the fifth, while Streib was catching
a ball which had been fielded by Borch
ers, he had the nail from one of his fin
gers torn off. He was forced to retire
and Held was substituted. The 3core:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand. cf 5 <)¦ 2 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 .1 0 1 0 4 0
Krug, s.s -4 1 1 0 3 5 0
Holland, If 2 2 1 1 1 0 0
Pabst, lb 4 1 2 0 13 1 1
Graham, c 3 0,1 06 0 0
Nordyke, Sd b 2 0 1 2 1 8 1
Bulger, rf 4 0 0 0 0 10
Iburg, p 40 1 0 1 10
Totals 32 5 9 4 27 20 1
OAKLAND. »
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, cf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Francks, s.s 4 0 1 0 12 1
Arrellanes, 2b 4 110 5 2 0
Streib, lb.. 2 0 1 0 5 0 0
Dunleavy. If 3 0 00 2 2" 0
Moore, Sb 3 0 0 0 0 3 2
Moskiman, rf & lb.. 3 0 2 0 4 1 0
Lohman, c 3 0.0 0 5 2 0
Borchers, p 3 0 1 0 2 2 0
Held, lb & rf 2 0.10 1 0 0
Totals 81 17 0 27 14 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 3 0—5
Base hits .....0 2 10 0 114 0—9
Oakland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—1
Base hits 0 1 .1 1 0 0 0 1 3—7
In the third inning the locals secured
their first consignment. Hildebrand
drove a fierce one through Moore at
third and was advanced to second by
•Schwartz's sacrifice, Holland was pre
sented with a check good for one. Pabst
hit an easy chance to Moore, who, for
getting for the moment the locality of the
first cushion, whirled the sphere into the
bleachers, allowing both Holland and
Schwartz to score.
Only once in yesterday's game did the
locals allow the artists from over the bay
to touch ' the rubber on the homeward
journey. Not until the ninth did the Oak
land Scoreboard contain a mark to mar
it3 unblemished whiteness. Ham Iburg
was in the box and rieht nobly did he
perform.- His delivery was touched for
but seven hits. Six strikeouts were re
corded to his credit, and not a single free
ticket was issued by him for the first sta
tion. Nordyke made his debut at third,
and gathered in eight chances without a
single misconnection.
Iburg Pitched a Remarkable
Gime of Ball— Dudes Al
most Shut Oat From Tal
lying— Nordyke's Fading'
HANK'S TEAM
WINS EASILY
FROM OAKLAND
In the semi-final round two local piay
ers,, John Lawson and E. R. Folger, were
pitied against two Southern Calif ornians
— J. S. Cravens and William Frederick
son. John Lawson, who played great golf
throughout the day and showed himself
clearly superior to any of the contestants,
made his first round against Fredenck
&on in 39, or equal to bogey. At the thir
teenth hole he was dormy, and at the
fourteenth won 6 up and 4 to play. E. R.
Kolgrer and J. S. Cravens played a ding
dong match, the Oakland player never
securing any substantial lead, but event
rally winning 1 up. Thus, of the five
southerners who qualified three reached
the second round and two survived until
the semi-final round. Cravens and Fred
erickson carried down to their southern
homes two bronze medals as mementoes
of the first contest for the Pacific Coast
KfJt championship. John Lawson and E.
R. Folger are left to contend to-day in a
match over thirty-six holes, half of
v hich will be played in the morning and
halt in the afternoon, for the gold and sil
ver medals. Unless something quite un
fcreseea should happen, the gold medal
will be carried off by the San Francisco
man, and the handsome silver cup, em
blematic of the championship, will adorn
the Presidio Club house until the second
annual tournament, to be held next year
in the southern part of the State.
The second round of the tournament for
the Pacific Coast golf championship was
played yesterday morning, the weather
being- pleasanter than on the two previ
ous days of the contest. John Lawson of
the San Francisco Golf Club beat H. C.
(Jclcher of the same club 7 up 6 to play,
but the other three matches, in each of
which a Southern California man was
paired against a local golfer, were very
close. B. II. Hay Chapman of the Los
Angeles Country Club led E. R, Folger
of the Oakland Golf Club to the eleventh
hole, where he was 3 up and 7 to play;
but Folger. playing a line uphill game,
took five of the remaining seven holes in
21, or only one stroke above bogev, thus
winning the match 2 up. J. S. Cravens of
the Pasadena Country Club and J. H.
Mec of the .San Francisco Golf Club
played the closest match of the tourna
ment, being all square at the eighteenth
hole, An extra hole was taken by Cra
vens, who won 1 up on nineteen holes.
Lawsfcn and Folger Wi 1 Piay
in the Final Rcund for
the ChampiDnship Honors.
Southerners. Carry Bronze
LOCAL GOLFERS
CAPTURE THE
FIRST PRIZES
TENNIS, CYCLING, BASEBALL, BOXING, TRAP SHOOTING, RACING, ROWING, : SPORTS
THE SAjS 7 FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1901.
GALL'S RACING FORM CHART
Tandy Gets a Chance.
• George Tandy, the machinist, who -was
charged with choking and threatening
to kill his wife Annie in her rooms at 112
Taylor street, appeared before Judge Mo
gan yesterday. ¦ Ha Is a victim of the
opium habit, which was the cause of the
separation of the couple for eighteen years.
He promised to behave himself and
the Judge allowed him to go on his own
recognizance for two weeks. When the
husband and wife left the court room they
embraced and kissed each other in the
corridor. ¦;.'>••
Hunt says there is no doubt that the en
tire opposition to Governor Allen proceeds
from the disappointed party which did
not vote In the elections in 1900 and Which
is now so anti-American that Its chief
prohibits his followers to accept Govern
ment appointments. Yet the ricnest plant
ers and merchants In the Island are en
rolled in this party. Level-headed people
see progress in the near future. The Fed
erals here do not like to see the school
houses springing up. They are rich and
do not worry about the education of their
own children, but it annoys them to see
the poorer classes being educated to their
intellectual leveL
Secretary Hunt says the Alcaldes and
other officials in the interior towns ac
knowledged that the times are much bet
ter than a year ago and that the pessim
ists are gradually changing their opinions.
The recent appropriation for road work
will provide employment for hundreds of
people and open up a wonderfully rich
coffee country which at present it is diffi
cult to reach.
The emigration of Porto Ricans to Ecua
dor has been put to an end on account of
the widespread publication here of an of
ficial report of the Jamaican authorities
regarding the ill treatment of Jamaican
laborers in Ecuador.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, April 25.— It is
not likely . that more emigration agents
will come here. Those already here had
2000 natives recruited for Hawaii and ex
pected to ship 1000 of them on the steamer
California "Wednesday, but she sailed with
only 544 emigrants. The agents announce
that this is due to the opposition of the
planters who wish to retain the laborers
available until harvesting begins and that
therefore any further attempts on a large
scale to nromote emigration will be use
less.
Porto Rico Objects to
Emigration Propo
sitions.
NATIVES WILL
STAY AT HOME
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON, April 26.— Attorney
General Knox, acting under instructions
from the President, proposes to institute
immediately proceedings to_ recover some
of the money which former Captain O. M.
Carter of the army obtained from the Gov
ernment in connection with frauds grow
ing out of the improvements in Savannah
harbor.
A secret conference between Attorney
General : Knox and the Federal officers
who has been working, on this case has
been in progress- at the Department of
Justice during the present week to map
out a plan of action. Soon after Mr. Knox
became a member of the Cabinet his at
tention was called to the case of Carter.
"Without any. intention of reflecting- upon
his immediate predecessor Mr. Griggs, the
new Attorney General, was given to un
derstand that prompt action to recover
some of the Government funds was re
quired. It is understood that he was given
the impression that too much time had
already been wasted by the Government
in prosecuting the case of Carter.
After the subject was fully discussed in
the Cabinet Attorney General Knox issued
a call to all Government officials who have
been prominently identified with this case
to como to Washington for consultation.
In response to this call District Attorney
Irwin of Georgia and his assistant, Mr.
Iseakln of Savannah; District Attorney
Burnett of New York; Colonel Barr, as
sistant judge advocate general, who con
ducted the Carter court-martial on behalf
of the Government, and Bank' Examiner
Johnson of the Treasury Department, who
located the Government funds Involved in
the case in various banks, assembled In
the Department of Justice.
The subject was reviewed from begin
ning to end and the conclusion was reached
that no further time should be wasted in
taking prompt measures to recover as far
as possible the funds lost to the Govern
ment through • the frauds practiced by
Carter and Tiis associates In connection
with the Savannah harbor Improvements.
Bank Examiner Johnson is said to have
located in various banks in Savannah,
New York -and other cities sums aggre
gating something like $750,000, which are
Baid to be traced directly . to Carter and
his connection with Savannah harbor ex
penditures.
The proceedings of the conference were
conducted with the greatest secrecy and
all the • participants were admonished to
regard as - confidential the conclusions
reached.,
Government Seeks the
Funds Embezzled
by Carter.
STOLEN MONEY
MUST BE FOUND
5
flMO<>OOOOO<>O<>OO<>OOOOOO<>OOOOOOOOOOO<KXX>OOO<>OOOOOOt0«
• -¦. Y 1 -.--'- ¦ • '. . ¦ . , ' • • ' ¦ •
I The Best Natural Aperient Water. |
6 It Is A Wonderful Remedy For Those Suffering With 6
t Constipation and Hemorrhoids. |
V Over l.OOO Physicians (many of the most famous in the world) Testify To This. 9
o It acts without giving rise to intestinal irritation, and acts speedy, sure and gentle. o
5 Average Dose: M tumblerful, one half hour before breakfast -will cause a copious £
O " : evacuation, -without brlncing any discomfort to the patient. O
?' BEWJLKEofSabstltntes and AXWA.TS ASK for the FUIX NAME V
« f I BLUE LABEL and RED CENTRE PANEL on BOTTLE. \!;-. The trouble between this country and Venezuela
! is the outcome of a quarrel between two American
I corporations as to which shall have possession of the
asphalt lakes, and until it is definitely known which
'corporation Venezuela will support we cannot pick a
winner ourselves. Consequently the whole thing is
in a muddle, and it appears to be anybody's fight.
; Since Russia has r.? &ued so strenuously that a
civilized arrpy is necessny in Manchuria to keep ihe
1 peace several of the powers have signified a willing-
I ness to send some of their troops to assist the work,
I but Russia objects. Manchuria, it appears,. is dis
! turbed just enough to require the presence of a Rus
! sian army, but not of any more armies.
j The ordnance department at Washington is said to
i have, made, successful tests with a new pistol from
which .can'be fired 116 shots a minute. It is not a
revolver, being constructed upon • a principle alto
gether new in weapons of that kind; so the old' re-.
. .volver will have to shoot itself." It is a back number.
Angelina —That was a lovely engage
ment ring you gave me last night, dear;
but what do these initials E. C. mean on
the inside?
Edwin —Why—er —that is—don't yoti
know? That's the new way o£ stamping
eiKhteen carets'—Tid-Bits.
"Miss yingare*. they don't haze tha
freahles at Vassar College, do they?"
"Don't they, though? They made m«l
buy pound after pound of almond butter
cups and stand and watch them while
they ate them!"—Sioux City Tribune.
Turning to the picturesque resident, tha
man from the East, with a praiseworthy
desire to be pleasant, asked:
"Have you lived here long?"
"Naw," replied Lariat Lem, carelessly
shifting his gun from one hand to th»
other; "nobody lives here long." —Chicago
Times-Herald. .
Chollle—My dean boy, what la worse
than to notice a wrinkle In the face off
one's sweetheart?
"Willie—A winkle In one's twiwsers,
deah boy. Fellow can get a new sweet
heart, don't you know, any time.—Indian
apolia Press.
HER AGE.
The lady with the upturned nos»
Came into court one day;
She seemed to say. "I know It all.**
At least she looked that way.
"What is your age?" the counsel said.
My are Is tw«nty-three":
But she was thirty-six, all ris^t—
That any one could see.
"I thought you were quite well Informed, **
Bald counsel, with a drawl;
But when It comes .down to your axe
You do not know It all."
—Tonkera Statesman.
¦ m ¦
rROM figures compiled in the Auditor's office
and published in The Call yesterday it appears
the department of the city government known as
the Bureau of Streets might be better named the
Bureau of Salaries. Of the money appropriated for
its use in the public service it expends just about twice
as much for salaries and wages as it does for repairs
upon streets. It is clesr, therefore, that under the
present management the bureau exists much more for.
the purpose of providing salaries to officials than for
the purpose of street work. '
The figures, which cover a period'of six months,
from September to Febiuary inclusive, tell their story
so clearly that nothing in the way of comment is
needed to bring out the waste that is being made of
public money.' In September the sum of $8120. -25
was expended iri salaries for the Bureau 'of Streets,
including the. wages of laborers, while the amount of
repairs made to accepted streets and sewers aggre
gated only $1226 58. In October salaries consumed
$9702 08 of the taxpayers' money, and the results- for
that month show only $2418 63 worth of repairs to
streets. In November salaries ate up $9037 12 and
still the cost of the work was far less than that
amount, being but $5448 32. In December the sala
ries climbed up to $9832 64, and the work done in re
pairs to accepted streets amounted to only $5027 08.
Tn January the salary account of the Bureau of Streets
reached the enormous total of $10,286 41, whereas a
little more than half that sum, or $5701, represents
the actual amount spent for repairs to streets. In
February the salaries dropped down to $8287 75, and
this is the only month when the amount of work done
exceeded the salaries paid. The total sum expended
in improvements was ?r5<736 26.
The story is an old one. Month after month the
record of big salaries ?nd little work accomplished
has been placed before the public. 'The present com
pilation, however, for a period of six successive
.months makes" the case more clear than it appeared. in
'.he record of any single' month.. It will now be seen
•••¦•••¦-¦•.-•
A BUREAU OF SALARIES.
When Great Britain compares the outcome of her
controversy with Venezuela with the gravity of the
situation in South Africa she can hardly fail to per
ceive that arbitration is not only much cheaper than
war but is more satisfactory in every other respect.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
means every phase of the development of
the cold area is carefully watched, and
v. - hen the danger is great each observa
tory In the threatened region becomes a
distributing center from which warnings
are sent to those who have produce or
perishable articles of manufacture that
need protection against low temperature.
In such cases the system of distribution
is so perfect that it is not uncommon for
the bureau to distribute 100,000 telegrams
and messages inside of the space of one
01 two hours, so that nearly every city,
village and hamlet receives the Informa
tion in time to profit thereby. What this
means to the farmer and shipper is well
illustrated in a single instance. From
those personally interested we gathered
statements relative to the sweep of one
cold wave, and these showed that over
$3,400,000 worth of property that would
h&ve been destroyed by the low tempera
tures was saved.
To ft»e sure, sometimes the surging of
the great air eddies which constitute our
rainstorms and cold waves — one the low
pressure eddy and the other the high
pressure eddy— deflects the course of the
storm or minimizes the degree of cold,
find the warnings may partially or wholly
fail of verification: but in these impor
tant atmospheric disturbances the warn
ings are justified In such a large propor
tion of cases that those whose property
Is at stake do not longer question the util
ity of the Government service. That no
ether country brings its citizens into such
close touch with its weather conditions Is
shown by the fact that even when severe
storms are not imminent there Is, in ad
dition to the printing of the forecasts in
the daily press, a dally distribution of
SO ,000 telegrams, maps and bulletins, that
places the information in the hands of
millions whose personal interests are ma
terially affected by the weather.
Distribution of Forecasts.
There are more than 2000 dally papers
In the United States and each one of
these prints in" a conspicuous place the
dally weather prediction. Did it ever oc
cur to you that there is no other informa
tion that receives publication and atten
tion by readers each day of the year In
every daily paper of the country? There
are forty-seven tri-weekly papers In tho
United States, 434 semi-weekly and 14,734
weekly publications, the greater number
of which publish the weekly weather crop
bulletins of the bureau for their respective
States. Each State forms a section of the
national service, and from a central of
fice issues monthly reports on the minute
climatology of the State. These cllma
tcloglcal data are gathered from standard
thermometers and rain gauges that are
placed in each county. The Information
finds extensive publication also in the
weekly and monthly periodicals.
Recently the Postofflce Department,
through its rural mall delivery, has placed
at the disposal of the weather service one
of the most efficient means of bringing Its
daily forecasts, frost and cold-wave warn
ings to the very doors of those who can
make the most profitable use of them. The
latest forecast of the weather Is printed
on small slips of paper and each carrier
is given a number equal to the number
of houses on his rural route. Thus does
the meteorological. service insinuate itself
into every avenue that promises efficient
dissemination of its reports. To be fore
warned is to be forearmed. It Is the opin
ion of many insurance and other experts
that the meteorological service of the
United States Government is worth over
5£(>,000,000 annually to the agriculture, the
commerce and the industry of the coun
try; and this notwithstanding the large
element of error that for a long time to
come must enter into predictions.
Benefit to Fruit-Grower and Farmer.
The utilities of the weather service are
well illustrated by the benefits that the
fruit interests of California derive from
the rain warnings. On account of the pe
culiar topography of that region these
warnings are made with a high degree of
accuracy but a few hours before the corn-
Ing of the rain, yet far enough in advance
to enable the owners of vineyards, most of
which are connected by telephones, to
gather and stack their trays and thus
save the drying raisins from destruction.
Along 1 the Rocky Mountain plateau and
the eastern slope our stations are so nu
merous and our system of distribution so
perfect that the sweep of every cold wave
is heralded to every ranch that has tele
graphic communication. In the cranberry
marshes of Wisconsin the flood gxtes are
regulated by the frost warnings of the
bureau, and where formerly a profitable
crop was secured only once In several
years It Is now a rare exception that dam
age occurs. As we go farther south and
east into the Gulf and South Atlantic
States our frost warnings are made with
a greater degTee of accuracy than in any
other part of the country. We find the
growers of sugar cane in Louisiana, the
truck growers from Norfolk south to Jack
sonville and the orange growers of Florida
timing their operations by the frost warn
ings of the bureau. From the estimates of
these industrialists It is indicated that the
amount annually saved to them Is far
greater than that expended for the sup
port of the entire department.
Under the direction of Secretary Wilson
we are now arranging with Europe and
the Azore Islands for the receipt of meteor
ological reports, which, in connection
with our present extensive system, will
enable us to forecast wind direction and
wind force for trans-Atlantic steamers
for a period of three days out from each
continent. This extension of the meteoro
logical service has long been, sought by
mariners. The new German cable from
Lisbon to New York enables us to get
direci communication with several Islands
the reports from which are necessary in
the taking up of this new and important
¦work.
Forecasting Floods and Freshets.
No less valuable is the flood-warning
service which Is In operation along our
large river courses. So much advance has
been made in forecasting- flood stages that
It is now possible to foretell three to five
days In advance the height of the river at
a given point to within a few inches. The
danger line at every city has been accur
ately determined and .. charted, so that
when a flood is likely to exceed the dan
ger limit residents of low districts and
merchants having goods stored in cellars
are notified to move their property out
of reach of the rising waters. An illustra
tion of the efficiency of this system was
shown during the great flood of 1S37
Throughout nearly the whole area that
wa , s submerged the warning bulletins pre
ceded the flood by several days and tho
statisticians of the Government estimate
that $15,000,000 worth of livestock and Sov
able property was removed to high ground
as the result of the f orewarninls. Th e "e
warnings are distributed from fifteen
river centers at each of which a trained
forecaster is located who daily is in Jos
session of such measurements of prectDi
tation an watersheda and such up-river
water stages as are necessary to enahl£
fStStat«= a " war ""' s se ""« wd*
Measurements of snowfall in tho hi»h
»«f» r » d «« of Montana Wyoming
Idaho, Ltah. Arizona and New Mexico
during the past several years have liven
us Information that now enab'ts fs tS
make -a very accurate estimate in the
spring as to the supply of water from th'a
source that is to be expected dSSS the
growing season. In this way the weather
service has been brought into closl Inn
hiE hi™ th ° Se ln , tere ?^ »n irrigation and
has become a valuable aid to them.
Weathsr Service in the, Future.
r^JSV be asked wh at are the prospects
m P roven \ent in the accuracy of ihe
th %«°^. ca3 . ts durI ns the coming cen
turj. To this it may be answered that
when our extensive system of daily ob
m^. 1 n ns has . been continued for another
generation or two a Keoler or a Newton
!?,?/ O ri S £ 0Ver sx ii h 'unaamental Principles
X n i e « rI> i i w B - 1 I' ea i her chan ?es as will make
it possible . to foretell the character of
««L l "8 seasons. If this discovery shall
r^i? 7 ade !t w111 d o«b«es3 come as the
result of a comprehensive study of me
teorological data. of. long periods, cover-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
The professor has traveled abroad and spent much
time in Russia. Returning he appears as counsel for
the Czar to vindicate the seizure of Manchuria and the
robbery of China. In ins lecture on that subject the
professor said: "A compact has been placed before
the Chinese Government by the Russian Govern
ment according to the terms of which Russia was to
look after the military government of Manchuria and
its railroad interests and China was to remain in pos
session of the civil administration. Manchuria being
contiguous territory ta Russia only, no other power
apparently has any right to object to this compact.
I believe that Russia should have the same privilege of
applying the Monroe doctrine to the territory which
is contiguous exclusively to her own, and in which
no other European country is interested, and es
pecially when the power to which this doctrine is ap
plied is contented."
It is no wonder that busy people get false ideas
sbout national right and duty when those thought to
bt learned men, and who are set apart and paid Tor
I". ring learned, utter «uch clotted nonsense. In the
first place China is not willing to be robbed, and pro
tested and dela3-ed in the hope that the other powers
would prevent it. But they are so intent on robbing
her of cash that they have no time to prevent Russia
robbing her of land. The Russian process has no
njore resemblance to *be Monroe doctrine than it has
to the Ten Commandments. According to Pro
fessor Grosvenor under the Monroe doctrine we can
claim the right of military government of Mexico and
the administration of her railways. While it is true
thac other Governments may not interfere in such
case between us and Mexico, the proceeding would
not be hallowed by thcit abstention. . '
Under the Monroe doctrine Russia would have the
right to prevent any paitition of China, but not the
light to 6teal it herself. But the professor goes fur
ther in the same lecture and thereby the rest of th
wcrld fares worse. He declares that only Russia and
Germany have been wronged in the Boxer revolu
tion, Germany because her Minister was murdered
and Russia because the Boxers invaded her territory
north of the Amur.
The other nations should heed this Amherst decree
and get out of Cathay at once, leaving Germany and
Russia to carve the country to suit themselves, i,;-.
This Amherst professor, Grosvenor by name, occu-
I if s the chair of "Modern Governments and Their Ad
ministrations." It will be seen, therefore, that he is
supposed to know what he talks about, for it is his
specialty, and he is paid for knowing and for telling
what he kno;vs.
Just as this deformity of the doctrine is put aside
there appears a worse. This time the plastic artist
v.hc has changed the features of it until Monroe hini
iitlf would run and hide from them' is not a Senator.
His offense is of a higher degree because he is a pro
fessor. He teaches young men m Amherst and is
probably looked up to by many who hope to be Sena
tors and to apply in that high chamber the learning
thev absorb in his classroom.
When this bumptious rumor had run at large for a
v.!;:le it was disavowed at Washington, much to the
satisfaction of all Americans who have correct idea.s
of the Monroe doctrine and of the propriety of na
tional conduct.
Among the tales that have impinged upon its dis
tortion is the recent rumor that our Government had
sent a curt note to Copenhagen warning King Chris
tian that he must not sell his West Indies to any
body but us! This wo^ld establish an American cor
r.er on everything within our horizon and would be
a proceeding of the most extraordinary nature.
It would be using the Monroe doctrine as a means
cf conquest without the expense of war.
IT was a United States Senator who discovered that
the transfer of the Danish West Indies by Den
mark to Germany would be an fhfraction of the
Monroe doctrine.
The declaration by Monroe was that any attempt
lo extend European institutions in this, hemisphere
would be regarded as unfriendly to the United States.
The transfer of territory from one European power to
another would not be an extension here of European
institutions. Denmark could make any such transfer
v/ilhout any infraction of that American theory.
•The Senator's ill digested interpretation has been
the cause of a lot of farming rumors. The Monroe
doctrine has been juggled with until in its different
fantastic forms it has lost all semblance of the original
article.
MORE MONROE DOCTRINE.
Such, then, is the scheme. All politics is to mean
possession of the wealth of. the island, and as. Ameri
can labor cannot work there, and native labor is too
content with little to work much, the desired "effi
cient labor" will doubtless be some kind of coolie
system. The campaign on the subject during the
summer will be worth watching, and it is. fortunate
we. have a President who can be relied upon to keep
the pledges of the natiji.
Then follows the old cry of the annexationist, the
appeal to the lust for wealth: "This island is a veri
table El Dorado, of which under Spanish stewardship
only the riches that lie on the surface have been gath
ered up. Capital, intelligent cultivation and efficient
bbor would increase the annual product far beyond
1 he maximum yield of the best period. It is a sin
for any man of ability to concern himself with politics
here, except as a means to the desired end of estab
lishing conditions favorable to the bringing forth of
the incalculable wealth of this island."
It would be difficult to find a cleverer method of
suggesting a falsehood while disclaiming responsi
bility for it. The Times man, however, does not con
fine himself to such delicate suggestions as that. He
goes. on to say of the Cubans: "The Teller resolu
tion fired the ambition of these untried men, but it
filled the hearts of conservative men with foreboding
and despair. It drove them out of politics altogether
and kept them' from the polls in the election of last
September when delegates to the convention were
cfiosen. They are the owners of about all the prop
erty in the island; they are its men of substance,' of
business activity and sobriety of judgment." Those
men, he goes on. to say. are in fear of what will hap
pen to their property and their trade should the Cu
bans be left to. establish a government of their. own.
He adds: "The annexation of Cuba is the solution
oi the problem to which we shall come at last — so
was the familiar prophecy here and at home."
The writer disclaims vouching for either, of the
stories, and adds: "The mere suggestion of a sordid
origin for the pledge which so many good men have
extolled as a check upon the aggressions of an impe
rialistic administration by the stern will of a liberty
loving people is so painful that I dismiss both inven
tions with the expression of a hope that their authors
may never prosper."
The New York Times has an "editorial correspond
ent" in Cuba who is furnishing that paper with a
series of articles clearly designed to foster the annexa
tion spirit. He begins a recent article by saying he
has heard two explanations of the Teller resolution
declaring the Cubans ought to be independent and
disclaiming any intention on the part of the United
States to exercise sovereignty over the island. One
of these is that the resolution was prompted by the
sugar trust from a desire to keep Cuban sugar out of
this country. The other is that the resolution was due
to the efforts of holders of Cuban bonds, who. be
lieve they will have a better chance of getting pay
ment from Cuba than from the United States should
our Government annex the islands.
The news is the more gratifying because the ele
ments working for the complete .annexation of Cuba
to the United States were never more active than
row, and all the signs of the time point to the con
clusion that during the summer an effort will be made
to work up. a public sentiment favorable to the
schemes of the annexationists.
DISPATCHES frorr Washington announce that
while the Secretary of State declines to give
out reports of his first conference with the
delegation from the Cuban constitutional convention,
yet the discussion with the Secretary as well as the
informal talk with the President when the delegation,
was presented to him showed so much of harmony
between the views of orr Government and those of
the delegates as to justify the expectation that all
misunderstandings will be cleared up and an amicable
settlement made of all points in controversy.
THE CUBAN SITUATION.
NEW YORK. April 26.— The following
Calif ornlans are In New York: From San
Francisco— Dr. Chlsmore, at the Holland:
Mrs. S. W. Fuller, at the Grand Union;
Miss L. Ligmy, at the Imperial; G. Lowen
berg, at the Hoffman; F. G. Miner, at the
Imperial; J. G. Magulre, at tha Marl
borougrh; S. J. Handy, at the Imperial;
L. P. "Weil and H. J. Weil, at the Savoy.
From Los Angeles— P. W. Hoyl© and
wife, at the Netherland; Miss Percy, at
the Grand Union; G. B." Johnson and Mr9.
B. B. Johnson, at the Holland; Dr. John
son, at the Murray Hill.
From Oakland— Miss Rawllngs, at the
Netherland.
OAXIFORNIAN-S IN NEW YOBK.
Tom L. Johnson's success in getting elected Mayor
of Cleveland on a platform demanding a reduction of
street car fares has got him into trouble, for he owns
several street railways himself irt other cities, and the
people there are demanding that he refluce fares'for
them by way of setting an example to Cleveland.
PERSONAL MENTION.
SATURDAY. . ./. -APRIL 27, igo_
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AU Commnn:e»tion» ti" W. S. VEX?.*.. Manager.
MA>'AGRH*S OFFICE TeIepl !^ir^I^£^L52i
ri'BXICATIOX OFFICE MnrUet and .Third, S. F.
Telcpbonr Press 2O1.
EDITORIAL nnOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Vrera. 202.
Delivered 1»t Carriers. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Mncrle Copies, 5 Cent*.
Term* l*Y Mail. Including Pontasre:
">AILT CALL, {including Sunday), one y;ar IS.M
I>AH-T CALL (Including Sunday). « months 3-00
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday). 3 mcnthi 1-50
DAILY CALL— By Flrgle Month 6Sc
WEEKLY CALL. On* Tear I- 00
All postmasters ore nnthorlced to receive
subscriptions.
Eusple copies will be forwarded when requested.
If at! TObscrfhiT* Jn croVrine rhanr* of ndflrw should b*>
rarttcular to rive both SEW AND OLD ADDRESS In orde
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKU\D OFFICn 111<* nrnntlvrJir
AMUSEMENTS.
'•
AJcarar— "The Conqueror*."
Grand Oncra-houFe— "Under Two Flags."
California— "The Evil Eye."
Central— "A Fair Rebel."
Tivcll— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' e — Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Hall— Lecture,
recreation Park— Baseball.
Tanforan Park— Races.
' About th« only knowledge that most
readers have of the workings of the Unit
ed States Weatter Bureau of the Depart
ment of Agriculture is gathered from the
dally prediction of rain or snow that they
encounter at the breakfast table as they
glance over the morning paper. They
base their estimate of the utility of the
weather service on the accuracy of the
predictions thus hastily scanned, and
many are prone to inquire whether It Is
true that this service has really made a
place for itself in the great industrial
economy of our country; whether or not
an adequate return Is made for the ex
penditure of "over Jl.000,000 annually;'
whether the science of weather forecast
ing has reached its highest degree of ac
curacy, and whether it holds out possibil
ities of future Improvement. They would
doubtless be cmazed if they knew the
thousand and one ramifications through
which this system to-day operates and
through the medium of which it reaches,
daily, probably more than one-half of our
adult population.
Origin, of Scientific "Weather Study.
About 100 years after the invention of
the barometer*-namely, in 1747— Benjamin
Franklin divined that certain storms had
a rotary motion and that they progressed
in a northeasterly direction. It was pro
phetic that these ideas should have come
to him long before any one. had ever pre
pared charts showing observations simul
taneously taken at many stations. But,
although his ideas in this respect were
more important than his act of drawing
the lightning f •om the clouds and identi
fying it with electricity of the laboratory,
his contemporaries thought little of his
philosophy of storms. It remained for'
Redfield, Espy, Maury, Loomis and Abbe,
100 years later, to gather the data and
completely establish the truth of that
which the great Franklin had dimly out
lined. Although American scientists were
the pioneers In discovering the rotary and
progressive character of storms, and'Mn
demonstrating the practicability of weath
er services, the United States was the
fourth country to give legal status to a
weather service; but no one of the other
countries had an area large enough to
render it possible to construct such a
broad, synoptic picture of air conditions
as is necessary in the making of the most
usefulforecasts. It would require an in
ternational service, embracing all the
countries of Europe, to equal ours in the
extent of area covered.
Congress authorized the first appropria
tion of $20,000 to inaugurate a tentative
weather service in 1870. General Albert J.
Myer, to whom was assigned the position
of chief of the new meteorological service,
doubtless had no conception of the future
wonderful extension of the system that he
was then authorized to begin. Former
Secretary of Agriculture J. Sterling Mor
ton did much to place the meteorological
service of the Government on a suitable
foundation by having all its employes and
higher officials classified and placed with
in the civil service. The present Secretary
of Agriculture, James Wilson, has con
tinued the merit system in the Weather
Bureau, and has greatly Improved and ex
tended its operations. Thanks to his pol
icy, the weather service has had a phe
nomenal . growth during the last four
years. . , ' .
Work of the Weather Forecaster.
It is a wonderful picture of atmospheric
conditions that is presented twice daily
to the trained eye of the weather fore
caster. It embraces an area extending
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the
north coast of South America over Mex
ico, the islands of the West Indies and
the Bahamas, northward to the utter
most confines of Canadian habitation. It
is a panoramic picture of the exact air
conditions over this broad area that i9
twice daily presented to the study of our
experts. Hurricanes, cold waves, hot
waves or rainstorms are shown wherever
present in this broad area. Their devel
opment since last reported is noted and
from the knowledge thus gained their fu
ture course and intensity Is quite success
fully forecast. Every twelve hours the
kaleidoscope changes, and a new graphic
picture of weather conditions is shown.
Nowhere else in the world can meteorolo
gists find such an opportunity to study
storms and atmospheric changes.
Iu our Atlantic and gulf ports alone
there are floating over $30,000,000 worth of
craft on any day of the year; and at
every port, whether on the Atlantic, on
the Pacific or on the lakes, there is either
a full meteorological observatory, or else
a storm warning display man, who at
tends to the lighting of the danger lights
on the storm warning towers at night,
to the display of danger flags by day and
to the distribution of storm warning mes
sages among vessel masters. This system
is so perfect that the chief of the weather
bureau or the forecaster on duty at the
central' office can dictate a storm warn
ing and feel certain that Inside one hour
a copy of the warning will be in the hands
of every vessel ¦ master in i every port of
material size in the United States,'pro
vided it is his desir6 that a complete dis
tribution of the warning be made. As a
matter of fact, the storm warnings us
ually go to only a limited portion of the
coast at one time. While the daily pre
dictions of rain or snow by which, as
previously stated, the public measures the
value of the weather service, are sub
ject to a considerable element of error,
namely, about one failure in five predic
tions, the marine warnings of the ser
vice have -been so well made that in over
six years no protracted storm has reached
any point of the -United States without
warnings £eing displayed well in advance.
Savings Effected by the Bureau.
As a result of these warnings the loss
of life and property has been reduced to
a minimum, being doubtless not more
than 25 per cent of what it would have
been without this extensive system, which
comes daily and almost hourly. Into com
munication with mariners. The public
does not appreciate this part of the ser
vice for the reason that, as a rule, these
; warnings do not appear in the newspa
pers. It Is not desirable to publish them,
so far in advance as to hold shipping In
port unnecessarily. We only aim to place
warnings twelve or sixteen hours In ad
vance of the coming of the 1 storm, and
then we communicate by telegraph, by
messenger and by : warning lights and
flags directly with the masters of vessels.
It is a notable example of the utility
of the new West Indian weather service,
and of the wisdom of Congress in con
tinuing as a perpetual Instrument of peace
the service organized to meet an emer
gency of war, that the Galveston hurri
cane was detected on September 1, at the
time of its inception, in the ocean south
of Porto Rico, and that the new system
of West Indian reports gave us such com
plete simultaneous data that at no time
did we lose track of the storm. Every
where, as it progressed northward, such
full information was given that, notwith
standing the extensive commerce of the
Gulf of Mexico, little or no loss of life
or property occurred upon the, ocean wat
ers of the gulf. The destruction at Gal
veston was many times less than It would
have been without the premonition that
was given and the activity of the bureaus
officers in urging residents to move. from
the low grounds of the city to its more
secure portions. Again, as this storm re
curved and passed over the lake region
the warnings were well distributed. Al
though the energy of the -storm was so
great that few vessels were stanch enough
to live through its fury, shipping remained
safely ! in harbors and there was not a
life lost. . .
Cold Wave Becords.
When a marked cold wave develops in.
the. north plateau of the Rocky Moun
tains and- by its broad area and great
barometric pressure threatens to sweep
southward and eastward with its icy
blasts the meteorological stations of the
bureau are ordered to take observations
evtry few hours in the region immedi
ately In advance of the cold area and to
telegraph these to headquarters. By this
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
By "Willis L. Moore,
CHIEF OP THE UNITED STATES BUREAU.
How Science Under Direction of the Federal
Authorities Warns Us on the Freaks
and Fancies of the Weather.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
This must have occurred to Minister Conger, and
he doubtless took all " these precautions. Levying
upon an entire village or city for the acts of a mob
means that the innocent are paying a damage which
they did not inflict, an-1 for this additional reason they
should be protected in every possible way. Such,
method of settlement is to be regarded with aversion
and adopted with very great caution. The presence
of the Christian armies in China destroyed equality
between the tribute-taking missionaries and the
tribute-paying Chinese. The frowning presence of
power may have easily contributed to the alacrity
with which voluntary contributions were made, and
without the precautions which doubtless occurred ic
Minister Conger great wrong might easily have been
done.
A glance at the system exhibits the extreme care
and caution that should be used in putting it in force.
A reversal of conditions will bring this need of great
precaution plainly in view. When 175 Chinese were
murdered by being burned to death in their cabins in
Wyoming, or were shot as they ran blazing with
seated eyeballs through-: the fire, if a large Chinese
army had been in this country and our people had no
army at all and our. Government had been disorgan
ized and incapable of defense, it would have been
thought hard if the Chinese Minister had advised his
countrymen to proceed to collect indemnity from
Wyoming, unofficially end without limit or restric
tion as to amount, and with, no guarantee that its
voluntary payment would exclude its contributors
from the burden of a general indemnity to be laid
by China upon this country.
Doubtless all these considerations occurred to the
Minister, and admonition to observance of these plain
principles of justice went with his advice to American
rrissionaries to recoup themselves in that way.
Another condition cf equity in such method of col
lection would be the keeping of a proper account with
each village, debiting it with the life lost or property
destroyed and crediting it with indemnity paid. This
is absolutely necessary. Every claim so paid is ex
tinguished and canceled. But if no record is kept the
same claim may be presented in the general mass of
claims and be paid again in the general indemnity,
thus inflicting a crying injustice upon the villages
which, we are assured, paid voluntarily. The next
important consideration is the proper custody of the
money so collected. How. much and where is it are
inquiries that should be made and answered.
This clears -the air -as to the facts. These levies
we»e not forbidden but were advised by the American
Minister. This being true, other things of necessity
fellow. In such a matter there should be some means
taken to properly estimate the value of the property
destroyed or the indemnity due for loss of life. Ob
viously all rules of Christian justice are violated when
such estimate is one-sided and those who are to re
ceive the indemnity are permitted to measure the
amount. After the amount is justly determined those
who pay it should be protected by such form of re
ceipt as will shelter them from further levy. To illus
trate: If in a village there is only American mis
sionary property and th? villageis pay indemnity fo~
its destruction they should be excluded from taxation
to pay indemnity for the destruction of French or
German missionary property in some other part of
the empire. Minister Conger says that such pay
ments were voluntary. Under the conditions exist
ing in China when this system of private collection
began voluntary payment had to depend on the assur
ance that the Christian armies would not appear and
avenge refusal to pay. The presence of those armies
rtid the record they had made in march and foray
constituted a state of duress that made it a very un
fortunate time for voluntary payment of village in
demnity, so that doubtless every care was taken to
assure the villages that in no event would the Chris
tian soldiers appear.
¦nr^HE fact of unofficial collection of indemnity
I money by missionaries from Chinese has been
*¦ established. An American missionary in a recent
publication admitted this, but excused it by declaring
that they were authorize i to make these collections by
Minister Conger.
On the Minister's arrival in San Francisco he was
notified of this admission and thereupon said: "I ad
vised them that wherever they could make a settle
ment themselves with the villages where these mur
deis or destruction of property occurred to make it.
Do it upon your own responsibility; I take no part
in it and the legation takes no part in it. There was
no going out and compelling people to pay anything.
Tt was voluntary on their part."
CHINESE TRiEUTE
It needs no argument to show intelligent men that
when more than two dollars is paid in salaries to
get less than one dollar's worth of work done there
is something radically wrong with the administration.
Under any charter, or under no charter at all, officials
who had any sense of their responsibility to the public
would get better results than that. The issue is one
that concerns every citizen. No community is rich
enough to afford a bureau whose main purpose is that
cf providing salaries foi its officers and employes.
that the waste is not in occasional one, but is a per
sistent evil. In the whole period under review there
ic but one in which the expenditures for work were
greater than the expenditures for salaries and wages..
Moreover, in some months the excess of salaries w-as
irany times greater than the whole expenditure for.
wr-rk. We have, therefore, to confront not a tem
porary waste merely but a programme of extrava
grrce thatgoes on almost without interruption fro;n
month to month.
The present administration went into office with
the most emphatic promises of economy and improve
ment. Government under the new charter was placed
by the people in the hands of the so-called "frienos
of the charter." in order that the merits of the new
system might be fully revealed to the taxpayers and
to the citizens generally. The results have been
worse than anything that could have happened had
the administration been intrusted to those who were
called "the enemies of the charter." In fact, had a
set of public officials deliberately set about showing
thp defects of the charter they could not have done it
more effectually than has been done by the blunder
ing or worse of the present administration.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THIS Sajn jy'KAJN CISCO -CALL. SATUKDAY, APRIL 27, 1901.
TEN DOLIjAR PIECE— Subscriber,
Burllngame, Cal. The dealers in old coins
do not offer a premium for a ten dollar
piece of 1847. They offer to sell coins of
that date at from $3 50 to $3 advance.
MEDICAL INSTITUTE — Subscriber,
City. The name of the medical institute
Inquired about that was formerly In the
city of Boston, Mass., does not appear in
the latest Is9ues of the Boston directories.
FRATERNAL. SOCIETIES— J. W. M..
Lathrop, Cal. According to a table pre
pared for the New York "World during the
last month of 1900 the membership of tho
Odd Fellows In the United States and
Canada was 1,025,073 and that of the Free
and Accepted Masons was 896,730.
TUXEDO COAT— "W., Eureka. Cal. A
Tuxedo coat may be worn at any function
if It pleases the 'wearer, and he prefers
that style of coat to what is known as
full dress. Tha Tuxedo has not yet dis
placed the full--dres3 coat at theater, card
party or dinner. "While a Tuxedo coat is
not barred at a swell ball,, yet the full
dress coat is still the preferred garment.
DROP LETTERS— J. C. H., City. Th«
law fixing the rate of postage at one cent
on drop letters went into effect in 1851 and
is yet the law In places where there Is no
free delivery. On the 8th of June. 1872, the
law was changed to read that "the post
age on drop letters shall be two cents for
each half ounce where there Is a free
delivery and one cent where there is no
such system."
PARROT— J. B., City. The parrot has
the power to imitate sounds, words and
sentences, but close observation has dem
onstrated that the bird does not know
the meaning of what It says. The parrot
will after having eaten a hearty meal of
Its favorite food say "Polly wants a
cracker" and if one is offered It may, out
of a spirit of mischief, for It Is a mischie
vous bird, take a proffered cracker and
break it up, but not eat It, and white
breaking it will continue calling for a
cracker. If the bird knew the value of
the words It speaks It would undoubtedly
call for a cracker when it needed It, and
would not call for it when it had no de
sire for it. There have been many stories
of the Intelligence of parrots, but such
have all been romances.
Ing some great area like the United
States. WHile we rannot make such pre
diction to-day we feel that we are laying
the foundation of a system that will adorn
the civilization of future generations. At
j the present time I know of no scientific
I man who essays to make lens-range pre
dictions. In closirs: this paper I would
especially caution the public against the
! Imposture of charlatans who simnly prey
upon the credulity of the people. I believe
It to be impossible for any one to make
a forecast based upon any principles of
physics or upon any empiric rule in me
teorology for a period weeks and months
in advance. ¦ \
6
XI.— WORK OF THE WEATHER BTJB.EATT.
Ex-Senator A. T. Jones of Orovllle !3
at the Palace. V. :,':
C M. Hadley. a vineyardist of Vacaville.
is at tlie Grand.
B. Deleray. a mining man of Sonora. Is
a guest at the Lick.
Dr. G. C. Simmons of Sacramento Is a
guest at the Occidental.
J. C. Chase, a hotel man of Los Angeles,
Is staying at the Pa!ace.
p. "W. Drescher, a Sacramento mer
chant. Is at the California.
The Rev. Father J. B. Dermody of
Downievllle Is at the L-lck.
Fred Robinson, a r-romlnent druggist of
Colorado Springs, is at the Palace.
T. D. Peck, an extensive landowner of
Eureka, is a guest at the Grand.
Tyler "Woodward, a capitalist of Port
land. Is registered at the Occidental.
Fred Searls. a mining man of Nevada
City, Is spending a f?w days at the Palace.
A. B. Hammond, a mining man of Eu
reka, registered at the Palace yesterday.
"W. "W. Barham of Santa Rosa Is In San
Francisco on business and is staying at
the Grand.
J. McCudden. a naval contractor of
Vallejo. is spending a 'few days at th«
Grand, accompanied by his daughter.
General Manager Kruttschnltt leaves
to-day for New Orleans to meet President
McKinley. He will travel on the Presi
dential train and take general charge oa
tho run over the Southern Pacific lines.
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • •
Every man has some woman who love*
him more than he has any business to let
her. *?______
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Look
out 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. •
The Santa Fe to Yo9emlte.
Beginning May 1 Stoddard & Son will run a
daily stage line from Merced to Yos-mlte Falls,
connecting ¦with the California limited Leav-
ing San Francisco at 9 a. m. to-day you ar»
at Tosemite Kails to-morrow afternoon at 5.
The rate Is $a 50 from San Francisco for the
round trip, carrying you by way of Merced
big trees.
To rebuild wasted tissue and fortify system
against sudden changes of fall and winter, doc-
tors recommend Dr.Slegert'a Angostura Bitter*
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Call aubacrfbers contemplating a change ol
r«*nfri«-.je-*- darlntr the Dommer months can bnT«
thrlr paper forwarded by mall to their new
Bddret«ei by notifying The Call Business Office.
Vhl« pr.f.t-r vrill also be on sale at all innimer
ITnorii mud In represented by a. local agent in
Oil town* «n the coast.
AUCTION SAXES.
By BatUvan fk Doric— Monday. April 29, at 10 o'clock, good
will and buFlncps of Sullivan & Doyle, at 325 Sixth et.one management with the locai roads and
pxant transfers or cease operating cars
over the same tracks.
MUST GIVES TRANSFEBS
TO THEIB PASSENGERS
Los Angeles City Attorney Benders
an Opinion" Against Street
car Companies.
LOS ANGELES, April 26.— The City At
torney, at the request of the Council, has
rendered an opinion of great Importance
to the people ,of Los Anpeles. Pasadena
and Santa Monica. It deals with the mat
ter of street car transfers and holds that
the electric lints connecting Lob Angeles
with Pasadrna and Santa Monica must
exchancp transfers with the local street
car Bj'Htemji or forfeit their franchises.
"The State law," says the City Attorney,
"does not permit the use of the same
street or tracks for more than five con
pecutlve hlockn by two linos of street rail
way operated under different manage
ment."
Ah both the roads to Pasadena and
Santa Monica nrc violating this law. they
must either maintain that they are under
GRIEF OVER WIFE'S DISGRACE
DRIVES FRANK PFAFF TO DEATH
IT TJ-' ir D TT- C Pi J
Hangs Himself Because His Spouse Stands
Charged With Killing Mrs. M. Marvin by
Throwing a Lamp at Her During a Quarrel
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 26.—
Applications to instructors at Stanford
I'nlvorsity for some statement of the
views of faculty members regarding the
resignation of Professor Ross have been
su numerous that it was thought fit to
make a. brief statement in a form conven
ient to send to friends of the university.
To this end the following was prepared.
It Is unofficial and was submitted, with
full opportunity to examine the evidence,
to the professors and associate professors
in the university lor signature.
Or the tifty-three having the rank of
professors or associate professors live
nave been absent on leave during the cur
rent year and of the remaining forty-eight
now in ihe university thirty-seven have
signed. Of those whose names do not ap
pear some are in substantial at-cord, but
:or particular reasons do not wish to
sign, others differ on more or less essen
tial points from the statement as formu
iatea:
To the Friend* of Stanford University: The
undersigned, member* or the university coun
<;1 (professor!" and associate profesnorg) of the
Inland Stanford Jr. I'niveriMty, In view of
the numt-ruun iiublicatlons following upon the
rt-elKnntion at tfrafeaaor Kosn, which reflect on
the university aixi its founder and on our con
nect inn with it. deem it wise to lBKUe the fol
inviiiK f-tttement.
In doing this we do not impeach the good
faith of those who have lnterented themselves
)n till* mutter because of the question of uni
versity policy involved, but we wish to affirm
our confidence in the university, its founder
ur.d itu president.
We have examined ail records, letters and
rnple* of letters In the possession of the unl- .
verflty bearing upon this case, and are agreedt
First— That in the dismissal of Professor
Hofs no question of academic freedom was in
volved.
Second— That In the dismissal of Professor
Rocs President Jordan was justified.
J. C JJrannor. professor of geology.
O. P. Jenkins, professor of physiology and
histology.
Melville B. Anderson, professor of English
literature.
J. M. Ktillrr.an, professor of chemistry.
Fernando Hanford, professor of physics.
trharlfs D. Marx, professor of civil engineer
ing.
«"harles H. Gilbert, professor of zoology.
Douglas Houghton Campbell, professor of
botany. »
Kwald Flugel, professor of English philology.
Charle6 B. Wing, professor of structural en
gineering.
Frank Angell. professor of psychology.
W. R. Dudley, professor of botany.
A. T. Murray, professor of Greek.
Julius Goebel. professor of Germanic litera
ture and philology.
Xathan Abbott, professor of law.
John E. Matzke, professor of Romanic lan
guages.
George M. Richardson, professor of organic
chemistry.
James O. Grifnn. professor of German.
Walter Miller, professor of classical philology.
Rufus L. Green. i>rofessor of mathematics.
O. L. Elliott, registrar.
Vcrnon L. Kellogg, professor of entomology.
Lionel R. Lenox, professor of analytical
chemistry.
A. G. Xewcomer, associate professor of Eng
lish.
Arthur B. Clark, associate professor of draw
ing and painting.
F. M. McFarland, associate professor of
histology.
Clem A. Copeland. associate professor of
electrical engineering.
G. C. Price, associate professor of zoology.
J. C. L. Flth. associate professor of civil en
gineering.
H. C. Xash. librarian.
Ellwood P. Cubberley, associate professor of
education.
Guldo H. Marx, associate professor of me
chanical engineering.
George A. Clark, secretary to the university.
James P. Hall, associate professor of law.
Oliver M. Johnston, associate professor of
Romanic languages.
George J. Peirce, associate professor of
botany.
Herman D. Stearns, associate professor of
physics.
Fpecial Dispatch to The Call.
Thirty-Seven Instructors Sign
a Statement to the
Public.
Stanford Faculty Justi
fies the Professor's
Removal.
ROSS IN ERROR
JORDAN RIGHT
Change of, Schedule.
On : Sunday morning-, April 28, the new
timetable goes into effect on the Mill .Val
ley and Mount Tamalpals Scenic Railway.
.The public should consult the new sched
ule in this issue of The Call.
SISSON, April 2S.-Ernest Barth of this
place was arrested several days ago for
killing his neighbors' cattle and selling the
meat. He was held under bonds. Yester
day he transferred his property to his
wife, and his bondsmen, hearing of this,
withdrew anid surrendered him up. The
Justice remanded him to the .custody of
the Sheriff. Deputy Klmball Davis, who
had charge of the prisoner, turned him
over to a man about town known as "Son
tag," who allowed Barth to go home to
stay for the night on his promise to be on
hand in the morning-. Barth fled during
the night. The people of Sisson are won
dering why the prisoner was not put into
jail, -as it appears as though Barth's es
cape was connived at..
Permits Prisoner to Escape.
LODI,' April 26.— John Russell, a vine
yardist, met death In a peculiar manner
here this morning. He was riding with a
friend, using a board set across the end
of a barrel for a seat, when the wagon
struck a rut jolting Russell's, companion
off his end of t,he board. As a natural con
sequence Russell fell too. His neck was
broken and death followed in a few min
utes. Mr.' Russell was about 50 years old
and resided near Linden.
Neck Broken by a 'Fall.
The grand officers are the guests of
Sacramento Council. The members will
take in the baseball game to-morrow aft
ernoon and have a banquet at the Golden
Eagle Hotel to-morrow night. ' '
Delegates per diem — A. S. Afcbott, A. C.
Boldeman, li. Richardson.
Judiciary— W. F. Peterson, T. J. Harris, F.
Boynton.
Resolutions— H. H. Mayberry, H. L. Judell,
J. B. Treadwell.
SACRAMENTO. April 26.— The Grand
Council of the United Commercial Trav
elers of California met in annual session
this morning at Elks' Hall in this city
with Harry Yerrington of Los Angeles,
grand councilor, in the chair, attended by
W. F. Peterson, of Sacramento, Junior
grand, and H. L. Judell of San Francisco,
past grand. After appointing a committee
on credentials, consisting of H. L. Judell,
F. Boynton and W. F. Peterson, the coun
cil by resolution adjourned out of respect
to the late supreme secretary, Charles B.
Flagg, of Columbus, Ohio, who died on
April 10. y .
Executive sessions of the Grand Council
were held this afternoon and this evening.
It is expected that by to-morrow there
will be fully 100 commercial travelers in
attendance. The following committees
were appointed:
Credentials— H. L. Judell, F. Boynton, W. F.
Peterson.
Finance— Joseph Mulrr, H. H. Mayberry, J.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Sacramento Entertains the
United Commercial
Travelers.
SAMPLE-CASE MEN
IN GRAND COUNCIL
Mrs. Pfaff is a glovemaker and bears the
reputation of being a hard-working and
estimable wife and mother.
The news of her husband's suicide was
broken to Mrs. Pfaff by Mrs. Louise G.
Fabian,, the matron of the women's ward
at the prison. The matron tried to con
sole the wretched prisoner, but her efforts
were unavailing. Mrs. Pfaff screamed,
and, throwing herself upon the floor,
begged to be allowed to die. When na
ture had exhausted Itself, Mrs. Pfaff lay
moaning on her cot in the matron's room,
her condition arousing the sympathy of
all the officials in the prison, hardened as
they are to scenes of misery.
This morning Attorney Gallagher will
argue a writ of habeas corpus on behalf
of Mrs. Pfaff before Judge Carroll Cook,
and it is generally expected that the wom
an will be released. If she secures her
freedom, kind-hearted friends will take
care of her and try to lighten the burden
of her misery.
Pitiful Scene at City Prison.
The unfortunate man, after looping a
noose around hlB neck, had tied the rope
to. a transom, jumped off a chair and
strangled to death. Not a scrap of writ
ing was found in the house or in the dead
man's pockets that might have explained
why he had taken his life.
work, lost his position as a mechanic on
the Government transport dock.
Sending his two little children to be
cared for by relatives, Pfaff brooded over
his troubles in the desolate home at 337
Twelfth street. On Wednesday he called
upon hfs wife. He was very despondent.
He promised to see her on Thursday, but
did not do so. His wife thought that he
had again secured a position and looked
forward to meeting him. The unfortunate
man was in the habit of visiting his wife's
aunt, Mrs. E. Stanton, each evening at
her home on Sheridan street. Mrs. Stan
ton, alarmed at not seeing Pfaff for two
evenings, yesterday went to his home. She
found the doors locked and sought the
assistance of women neighbors. Ascend
ing the rear stairs, the women peered
through the window and saw Praff's body
hanging in a doorway. Screaming with
fright, Mrs. Stanton and her companions
fled and notified Police Officer Rheil.
Rheil. assisted by Daniel Holtzel, entered
Pfaff's rooms, only to find that the man
was dead. The appearance of the body
Indicated that Pfaff had been dead for
about two days. The Coroner's office was
notified and the body was removed to the
Morgue.
p-yi«^HE Irony of fate was exemplified
I yesterday morning in the matron's
II ward of the prison at the Hall of
il Justice, when Mrs. Maggie Pfaff,
charged with the murder of her
friend, Mrs. Mamie Marvin, sat awaiting
the coming of her husband, all uncon
scious of the fact that his body reposed
on a suicide's slab at the Morgue, not fifty
feet away.
Feeling keenly the disgrace of his wife's
arrest and broken-hearted at the rupture
of his home and loss of employment,
Frank Pfaff, without a word of farewell
to his wife or children, hanged himself
some time during Wednesday night or
Thursday morning.
On the evening of April 10 Mrs. Pfaff,
accompanied by her little boy, called at
the home of Mrs. Marvin, 1411A Folsom
street. The women had been chums at
school and grew up to womanhood togeth
er. In a spirit of fun Mrs. Pfaff, finding
her friend was not home, played a prac
tical joke. Assisted by x»Irs. Granvillo of
3507 Seventeenth street, the furniture of
Mrs. Marvin's parlor was piled against
the door and the gate of the house was
locked. When Mrs. Marvin arrived home
she did not enter into the spirit of the
Joke played upon her and used sharp
words.
Mrs. Pfaff Accused of Murder.
It is alleged that Mrs. Pfaff picked up
a lighted lamp and hurled it at Mrs. Mar
vin, setting her clothes on fire. Mrs. Mar
vin was terribly burned and died at St.
Mary's Hospital on the following day.
Mrs. Pfaff was herself burned about the
head and was taken into custody by the
police and charged with murder.
Before Mrs. Marvin died she madej a
statement to Officer Noltlng that Mrs.
Pfaff had thrown the lamp at her; Mrs.
Granvllle testified at the Inquest and in
the Police Court that she had seen the
lamp thrown, hut Mrs. Pfaff has strenu
ously denied that she touched the lamp.
She has insisted all along that the lamp
was either accidentally upset or exploded.
Pfaff visited his wife each day at the
prison and as a result of neglecting his
WOMAN WHO IS ACCUSED OF THE MURDER OF HER FRIEND AND
THE HUSBAND WHO HANGED HIMSELF BECAUSE HE COULD NOT
ENDURE THE THOUGHT OF HIS WIFE'S DISGRACE.
CHARGED WITH THEFTS
FROM DENTAL ROOMS
San Franciscan Arrfested on a War
rant Sworn Out in
Pomona.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 26.-Lewis
Brown, a man of middle age who claims
San Francisco as his home, where he has
a family, is under arrest here at the re
quest of Constable Frank Blanker of Po
mona, where he is wanted for alleged rob
bery For several weeks Brown has been
touring Southern California towns sharp
ening dental tools. Dentists at Redlands,
Ian Bernardino. Riverside, Los Angeles
and Pomona reported that their offices
have been robbed recently of valuable
gold -leaf. The thefts In each instance
were mysterious and apparently the work
° Brown was at Pomona on Monday, and
that night the office in which he had
worked for a few hours was robbed, sus
picion was at once directed to him and his
arrest followed. His preliminary hear
ing will be held at Pomona to-morrow.
Scrippers Not Yet IMsmayed.
LOS ANGELES, April 26.-Shirley C.
Ward, who acted as attorney for the
scrippera in the recent argument before
the Interior Department at Washington,
declared to-day that the decision of Sec
retary Hitchcock, while adverse to the
scrippers, sustained the points of law
raised by them and said that the scrip
pers would ask for a. rehearing.
UTAH, April 26.— The first clash be
tween the Oregon Short Line men and
Senator Clark's forces for possession of
the disputed Utah and California grade
occurred to-day, " when twenty-two
wagons loaded with ties were driven up
to the right of way by order of Superin
tendent Young. The first team was
promptly stopped by the Clark forces.
Sheriff Johnson then demanded that the
teams be allowed to pass over the pub
lic road, but the Clark forces again re
fused to allow the teamsters to proceed.
The teamsters then attempted to force
their horses through, but the Clark men,
heavily reinforced, and armed with
shovels and pickhandles, rushed to the
horses', heads and again stopped them.
For two' hours the struggle was kept up,
several of the teamsters in the meantime
succeeding in breaking through and get
ting Itheir wagons up on the right of way.
Finally the Clark forces asked for an
armistice and an agreement was reached
whereby the wagons are not to be un
loaded and the Clark forces are to retire
to their second line of defense at the
barber wire trocha. two miles down tne
grade, pending a determination in court
of the respective rights of the claimants.
This action, it is believed, removes the
danger of further clash between the rival
f orce3. ¦
Oregon Short Line Teams
Are Stopped and a
Truce Declared.
Clark's Railroad Forces
Have Their First
Battle.
FIGHT HORSES
WITH SHOVELS
That money is to be distributed In charity,
under instructions, if the accusations against
Mayor Clark cannot be proved— the accusa
tions made both under oath and In published
Interviews — to the effect that the Mayor had
an Interest in the poolrooms; that he favored
the poolrosm licensing ordinance; that he
wanted it altered so as to make it imperative
upon him to Issue licenses; and that he vetoed
the ordinance on the night It was passed, .in
perfect knowledge of the programme that It
was to be nassed over his veto.
It is asked that Rev. C. A. Dickinson, Rev.
S. J. Carroll. Rev. A. B. Banks. Rev. C. L.
Miel and Father Quinn accept this money and
distribute It in charity as they, or the ma
jority of them, may see fit — provided these
statements against the Mayor shall not be
proved to their entire, satisfaction, by the par
ties making such charges, at any time they
may desire to investigate. They have been
named In this matter because the churches
were a very strong potent Influence In the
closing of the poolrooms, and these' ministers
would certainly form a committee which
should be acceptable to all parties concerned.
The editor of the Bee has been handed the
sum of $1000 in gold coin of the United States,
which he has deposited In the California State
Despite the denials contained In Mayor
Clark's statement, the following appeared
conspicuously displayed in to-night's Bee,
accompanied by a certification from the
cashier of the California State Bank that
he has received the sum of $1000 to be paid
by him on the order of the -clergymen
named, who are the most prominent di
vines in the city:
Will Prove or Pay.
I refused point blank to lend my support to
any ordinance that would permit the selling: of
pools at any place other than the racetrack
during the races. The arguments used to gain
'my co-operation were of several kinds, but the
one upon which Cavanaugh laid the most stress
was that I ought to stand for it because "Jack"'
Wright was Interested with them and I owed
him something for the political support he had
rendered mo in my last campaign; that all po
litical sores would be healed and the colonel
would be with me again this fall for the nomi
nation and election If I would only stand with
them on the ordinance they propose to intro
duce. I flatly refused to recede an inch from
my stand against the conducting of the pool
rooms in the city. I told them I would veto
any ordinance that permitted the selling of
pools in this city except on the racetrack dur
ing the races. This I have done and I call
your attention to the record of the poolroom or
dinances to sustain my statements. No matter
what they assert my statements and my record
prove each other. This cannot be denied.
In discussing the Ing ordinance I did not ask
that "may" be changed to "must," nor di'd I
agree to any proposition whatsoever whereby
poolrooms would be permitted to run. Ing in
troduced his ordinance, which provided for the
running of poolrooms at any place in the city
upon the payment of a license. Immediately
upon Its passage I vetoed It. It was passed
over my veto. Cavanaugh and Daroux applied
for a license to conduct a poolroom downtown.
Ing voted for It and Chief Sullivan and I voted
against It. Cavanaugh and Daroux then com
menced suit in the Superior Court to compel
me to give them a license. I instructed the
corporation counsel to contest that suit as
vigorously, as he could. He did so, and was
successful. . They never have obtained a license
and have never been able to open their pool
rooms.
Mayor Clark's statement deals in large
part with a reply to the charges made
yesterday In interviews with Daroux and
President Ing of the Board of Trustees re
specting his alleged insincerity in his anti
poolroom crusade. He asserts that Ing all
along stood in with the poolroom crowd.'
He declares he was induced to go to Cav
anaugh's house, on the night of the porch
incident, by a message that Cavanaugh
was sick and wanted to see him, and that
when he got there he was asked to sup
port the Ing ordinance providing for the
licensing- of poolrooms in any part of the
city. The Mayor continues:
Mayor Slaps at "Wright.
Cavanaugh says that President John C.
Ing of the Board of Trustees, who was
-present at the conference on the porch,
suspected that Clark "was getting some
thing out of it," and insisted that if
Clark wanted the poolrooms reopened he
should shoulder the entire blame. Cava
naugh then tells of the organization of the
Sacramento Club for the purpose of ap
plying for a license under the new ordi
nance, and declares that M. F. Rowland
was elected one of the directors therein to
represent Clark's interests, and that 25 per
cent of the capital stock was assigned to
him. Cavanaugh says that Clark was not
satisfied even with this concession, but
stipulated that he must have an agent in
the poolroom when it should be opened,
who would furnish him a statement each
day of the amount of business transacted.
Cavanaugh winds up his statement in
these words:
"If I have spoken falsely concerning
Mayor Clark I have committed a very
grave offense, for which I should be made
by him to answer in the courts for crim
inal libel."
Cavanaugh. in his statement, avers that
M. F. Rowland, Mayor Clark, and himself
had a conference as to how much percent
age of the poolroom business Mayor Clark
should have and that Clark demanded 25
per cent for himself and 10 per cent for
Rowland. . •
Cavanaugrh details the circumstances
of a meeting on the front porch of his
house on the Saturday night preceding the
Monday night when the existing ordin
ance on the poolroom question was pre
sented to the Board of Trustees. Cavan
augh says Mayor Clark had just been in
the pulpits of the city denouncing the
poolroom evil and insisting on its suppres
sion, and that he desired to be protected
by having the proposed license ordinance
so changed that when an application was
duly made to him he "must" issue a li
cense to the poolrooms instead of "may."
Cavanaugh Accuses Clark.
The oil land case appears to be hopeless
ly lost in the shuttle, and accounts of pro
ceedings therein in the face of the sensa
tion which the trial has developed are
about as interesting as a bound volume of
consular reports.
SACRAMENTO, April 26.— Although Su
perior Judge Hughes has announced that
he does not want to sit as referee in a
fight between political factions, but de
sires to learn something about the oil
land transaction, the warfare rages out
of court with augmented fury between
Mayor Clark on the one side and Frank
Daroux and B. W.. Cavanaugh on the
other. Charges," any one of which is
serious enough to be the subject of im
mediate investigation by the Grand Jury,
are being hurled with a delightful disre
gard for consequences and the row as it
stands is about as pretty a one as the
most exacting could wish for.
The important developments of to-day
wero a detailed arraignment of Mayor
Clark by his former political ally, B. W.
Cavanaugh; an offer to forfeit $1000 in gold
coin if the charges embraced in the tes
timony and published statements of Frank
Daroux and B. W. Cavanaugh against
Clark are shown to be false, and a caus
tic statement from Mayor Clark himself
in which he points .to his record as dis
proving the charges of his enemies, and at
the same time gives Colonel J. B. Wright
an additional rap. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will Pay $1000 if They Fail
to Prove His Partnership
in Poolrooms.
Cavanaugh. and Daroux
Give Mayor Clark
No Peace.
COIN BACKS UP
THEIR CHARGES
THE BAN. FBANCISCO CAI/L, SATURDAY, APRIL. 27, 1901.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SAT.) April 27.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part except reserved.
Principal Members o£ tho
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC COMPANY and
ORPHEUM IMPORTATIONS.
BARNES AND SISSON. ALF GRANT. CLAY-
TON, JENKINS AND JASPER. MARION
VON SCHRADER, MLLE. ADELAIDE.
THE GREAT GOLDIN. JOSEPHINE OA33-
MAN, THE BIOQRAPH.
Final week of the biff success.
FRANCES CA REDDING AND COMPANT.
OPENING TO-MORROW—
THE AGOUST FAMILY
AND
MclNTVRE AND HEATH.
* (EE5EB a ¦* fa jtSBt R ~ S
*TIVOLI*
Evening* at 8. Matinee Saturday at S.
"IT SEES A PACKED HOUSE ETVERY
NIGHT," the Sparkling Gem,
THE
"hoot yvioiv."
The Reigning Favorite.
HARTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES 25o and SOo
Telephone— Bush 9.
ORAND 1 OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST NIGHTS OF
UNDER
TWO FLAGS
Week Commencing MONDAY EVENING
NEXT.
FLORENCE STONE and JACK WEBSTER In
Archibald Claverlrg Gunter's Great Drama,
"MR. BAHNES OF NEW YORK"
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. A few seats. 75e.
Good ' reserved seat In orchestra Saturday and
Sunday Matinees, 25c. /
. Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
BELASCO a™ TNA££Sv: pA -fl&
\ *^ OHtTt CITV ItMtA
MATINEE TO-DAY and To-morrow (Sun.).
TO-NIGHT and TO-MORROW (Sun.) Evg..
Last Performances — The Big Hit.
A Fair Rebel
Exciting War Scenes— Realistic Scenery.
PDIfCS EVENINGS 10c, 15c. 23c. 35c. EOo
rUlWCj MATINEES ....10c. 15c. 25o
Next MONDAY— Grand Revival of the Great-
est Melodrama.
"TEN NIGHTS IN A BARROOM."
,• An Unparalleled Production.
RACESTir
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
' SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
APRIL 20TH TO 27TH. INCLUSIVE.
FINE CARD EVERY DAY.
First Race Daily at 2:10 P. M."
Trains from Third and Townsend streets— 7,
10:30. 11:30 a. m.; 12:40. 1. 1:30. 2 p. m.
Returning:, leave track at 4:15 and thereafter
at short Intervals. ! Rear cars reserved for
ladles and escorts. .
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE). $1 25.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
JCO 00 000 000 00 OOOO 00 000 0000000 00 OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 00 000
-joooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooootoo
\ HOW A CANDLESTICK /
!l\ SAVED MY LIFE. /!!
000 \ / 000
lot \ BY CARL KRAMER. / .%%%
OOOO \ • - /OOOO
oooc\ /oooo
%°o%%%\ IS A WOMAN'S TESTIMONY AS / IIIII
flllisX TRUSTWORTHY AS A MAN'S? I %%%%%l
§i!!s!sA HOW MRS. SMITH, WIFE OF Xs 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
l%%%%l%°o \ THE BORAX KING, WILL / oo^°g°°
III1I1I1 V °» MATOAY - / IlHIIil
oooooooo it > °"° o o o o o
4 — — ; : h
.APRIL THE TWENTY-EIGHTH
S2S2S2SS / SUMMER GOWNS \ SSSSSSSS
millll / AND HOW TO WEAR THEM. \ IIHHH
SSSS5SS2/ \SSSSSSSS
OOO OOOO / \0000000
IIZZZZZ/ THE MAKING OF A CARDINAL V°°|°°°
mill / \ iliiisf
lllll THE LIFE OF \ SSSSgj
oooc/ george H. PHILIPS, THE CORN KING. \ 1 1 ° \
II HOW GIRLS ARE \SI
l J MADE ATHLETIC AT STANFORD. \°
o'ooocooooooooooocooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
300000000000000000000000000 00 000000000000000000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOb 000000000000000000°° OOP O .°., O .?i^'i ii?ii2i£.?mi
DOES. NOT DISAPPOINT.
The New IHscovery for Catarrh Seems
to Possess Remarkable
Merit.
A new catarrh cure has recently ap-
peared which so far as tested has been
remarkably successful In curing all forms
of catarrh, whether in the head, throat,
bronchial tubes, or in stomach and liver.
The remedy is in tablet form, pleasant
and convenient to take and no special
secrecy is maintained as to what It con-
tains, the tablet being a scientific combi-
nation of Guaiacol, Eucalyptol, Sanguina-
rla. Hydrastin and similar valuable and
harmless antiseptics.
This safe and effective catarrh cure may
be found at any drug store under name
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
Whether the catarrh .is located In the
nose throat, bronchial tubes or stomach,
the tablets seem to act with equal suc-
cess removing the stuffy feeling In head
and nose, clearing the mucous membrane
of throat and trachae from catarrhal se-
cretions . which caus<» the tickling, cough-
ing haw-king and gagging so annoying to
every catarrh sufferer.
Nasal catarrh generally leads to ulcera-
tlon in Borne cases to such an extent as
to destroy the nose entirely and in many
old ca«»es of catarrh the bones of the head
heroine diseased. Nasal catarrh gradually
extends to the throat and bronchial tubes
arid very often to the stomach, causing
that Very obstinate trouble, catarrh of
the stomach.
Catarrh is a systemic poison, inherent in
the blood, and local washes, douches,
salves, Inhalers and sprays can have no
effect on the real cause of the disease.
An internal remedy which acts upon tho
blood is the only rational treatment, and
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is the safest of
all internal remedies, as well ns the most
convenient and satisfactory from a medl-
cai °tandpoint.
Dr Eaton recently stated that he had
successfully used Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets In old chronic cases, even where ul-
ceration had extended so far as to destroy
the septum of the nose. He says: "I am
pleasantly surprised almost every day
by the excellent results from Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets. It Is remarkable how
effectually they remove the excessive se-
cretion and bring about a healthy condi-
tion of the mucous membranes of the
nose, throat and stomach."
All druggists sell complete treatment of
the tablets at 50 cents, and a little book
giving the symptoms and causes of the
various forms of catarrh will be mailed
free by addressing F. A. Stuart Co., Mar-
shall. 'Mich. ¦ • a
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Gran-SolTcnt" dissolves Strlctnre like snow b^
aeath the Bun. reduces Enlarged Prostate anf
ttrengthens the> Seminal Ducts, stopping Dralni ul
Emissions In Fifteen Days. y '
No dniKS to rnln tho stomach, trat » direct local
»u<i posit! re application to the entire urethra! true*
Grsn-SoWent Is not a liquid, It U prepared I»
the form; of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and nexiDUk
and bo narrow as to pass tlJ9 closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself. ¦
The 8t. James Assn.. liox 834. Cincinnati, O.. hct
¦spared at irreut expense an exhaust- P R f* V" I
Fvs Illustrated Treatise upon the male LU(.L
•Tstem. which U»*» will «end to any T fir T ¦
male applicant, illfcit-J
ST. JAMES ASSN., g5O c?a n s .Ti:o hK
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
SHUSEUH OF MATQHYi
A gfe - 1051 If ASSET ST. let. 6:h t":a, S.7.CU. A
, \ JjT^' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A _aJtw- World. Weaknesses or any contracted B
v fitS 2JW disease positively coral by the oldest T
Q #&??5§1 on the Coast, list. 36 years. ©
& gflf ft DR. JORDAN-DISEASES GF MEN 4
\ f $S^9 Consultation free and strictly private. \
m 1 X?5f H Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
\ B W Tl H •" ttI ' Woe Cure in ereiy case undertaken. T - 1
mrf WBS Writ- for Book, PHILOSOPHY of j
? M 11^ MA«niAClK. MAILED FREE. (AT
\ ft -/I, valuable book for men) . \
f OK. JORDAN & CO.; 1051 Martet.St.S. F. V
i !«$] stan(!ard remedy for Gleet, x"-^ I
' fcy^ra ' Gonorrhoea and Runnings fuinv 1 I
48 HOURS. Cures Kid- ImiUI I
ney and Bladder Troubles. r* J
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
4 Summer time coming — want to bo com- bmSJ^JH
1$$: fortable? And in style? Then get a few Wffilk
*>¦$%< iJ^t!** T > Standard Shirts — some golfs, some colored
Nw Kysj\^ percales and a negligee or two. Look for
p Ay/ the trade mark — it's there for your safety. Don't take
%{/// poor shirt when Standard Shirts cost no more. - {f#Pfl
1 yvfc Leading furnishing and dry goods- stores sell them. ip^f!
|gp NEUSTADTER BROS.. Mfgrs.. San Francisco. Ca!. J^/Jgi
0 I m I m;m I ..i.. i .. 1 , t.,;..!..!..!.^..!!..^..;.!.!.!,.!..!-.! I I ¦!¦ | -I ¦! . l ,. l . l .. t ..t r ,>|>f <
1 <aa ., l »uw....j..L l »- 'the ;
V 337) EJO /TCCra V'LJUJlVlISU^ *
t /An^^l^^^^/A BUGGY CO. j
:: Going into Wholesale \
v Business Exclusively. :
I ! To better protect our" many dealers throughout the State, as well as *
" the territory tributary to the port of San Francisco, we have decided thzt •
1 • it is better not to come into competition with our dealers, and. therefore. \
1 1 now cfTer our stock of decant styles on repository floor at astonishingly •{
'• low prices to close them out * ' w
$ NINE CARLOADS JUST RECEIVED, j
" Consisting of Fancy Traps. Extension Top Carriages, Stanhopw, Spi- j
•• derettes, Germantowns. Victorias, Surreys, Pneumatic Bike Wagons, 2
1 1 Solid Rubber-Tire Runabouts. Spring Wagons, Road Wagons and Carts, i
Avail yourself of this opportunity to secure fine vehicles at prices »
II never before quoted in San Francisco. *
I COLUMBUS BUGGY CO. \
•'• 1321-25 Market Street, Between Ninth and Tenth. *
tl N. B.— We have more vehicles of our own manufacture on our floor I
• • than all the carriage houses of San Francisco combined. $1000 reward I
for any vehicle sold by us having a genuine Columbus Bu$?$;y Co.'s •
I', name-plate thereon that was not manufactured by the Columbus Buggy I
• • Company.
T We were awarded the Gold Medal at Paris Exposition. 1000. We •
II "will show photograph of our exhibit and sell you duplicates of the prize- \
•j • winne r s.
p ¦^¦^¦^¦I„^¦^.I¦,^,I l^ l I,^¦^¦H.¦H¦¦ Ill^¦I¦¦^¦H.,;¦ l^I,l¦I¦¦H¦¦I¦¦^^¦^r 1 1 1 1 1 h-i-h- ti h-h
BVBRY I Matinee To-Day
NIGHT at 8. 1 and Sunday.
THE
CONQUERORS.
Tho Mott Gorgeous Scenlo and Costurn* Pro-
duction Ever Given at This The*ter.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 5€c
LAST TIMES.
y MATINEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT.
Charles H. Tale's
"THE EVIL E"YE.»»
To-morrow nf*ht. the Favorites.
' AIR. JAMES NBII.L.
AND HIS COMPANT.
By Special Request.
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE."
Evening— 25e. It3o, SOe, 73c and f l.OO.
Hatlnee-23c, SOo. 75o.
8EATB NOW RBADT
! During the NITTLL. engajreinent— Special I
BAROAIN MATINEES THURSDAYS— I
PRICES 23o and We j
CHUTES^™ ZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
LEAH HAY, the Giantess.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
CAKEWALK
AND
Gans-McGoYsrn Fight Pictures.
Telephone for seats— Park 22.
KZTSOFOLITAN HALL, TOTR ST., 5E. MARKET.
ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON
Will lecture THIS AFTERNOON AND EVEN-
ING. The lectures will be Illustrated and
ALL THE CHILDREN IN SAN FRANCISCO
A KB INVITED to come to the matinee and
bring their parents, teachers and friends and
hear all about Old Grumpy. Little Johnny and
I>obo. the king wolf. - Under the auspices of the
California Club. Management • Major J. B.
Fond. Tickets, Jl. 73c and SOc. A good re-
served seat for SOc. Children half price.
OAKLAND YS.J5AN FRANCISCO.
SATURDAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT_2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riO\jn.EiX\ O Admission lOc.
Golden "West Comedy Trio, Gus Leonard, Bre-
gen. Thatcher and Cher.oweth, Jack Symonda,
Paraskova Sandolln and Tom Mack.
Reserved seats, lie. Matinee Sunday-
UPALACE HOTEL*-
Visitors to Ban Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attacbea and uneqaaJed
cuisine. American And European plans.
I -GRAND HOTEL-SAN JOSE, April 26.— A farmers' insti
tute under the auspices of the State Uni
¦versity opened in Hale's Hall this moring
with a good attendance of farmers, or
chardists. and vlneyardists. It will con
tinue to-morrow. F. H. Babb presided
and W. P. Lyon was secretary. Much in
terest was manifested in the papers read.
"The Relation of Farmers' Institutes to
the University of California" was dis
cussed by Professor D. T. Fowler of
Berkeley, and W. P. Lyon of this city
read a paper on "The Need of Organiza
tion in Farm Industry." At the after
noon session Professor E. J. Wickson of
Berkeley spoke on "A Recent Inquiry
Into Irrigation Practiced in the' Growth
of Fruits. "Fertilizers and Fertilization"
was discussed by Professor Fowler.
Santa Clara Farmers' Institute.
San Francisco Yacht Club to Construct a Craft on Lines
Furnished by Crownshield of Boston, Designer of
Independence, Built to Defend the America's Cup
NEW FLYER TO ENTER COMPETITION
FOR THE PERPETUAL CHALLENGE CUP
A basket picnic was enjoyed In the
basement of the Orphans' Home. The
afternoon was devoted to social inter
course between the lodges. The festivi
ties closed with a ball at Music Hall to
night, given by Unity Rebekah Lodge.
At . the. Orphans' Homo literary exer
cises were rendered. An address of wel
come was delivered by Mayer H. R.
Chesbro. . '¦ ..¦
GILROY, April 26.— The eighty-second
anniversary of Odd Fellowship was ob
served here to-day by the lodges of Gll
roy, Hollister and San Juan. At 11 o'clock
a procession formed at Odd Fellows Hall
and marched up Monterey street to the
Orphans' Home. It was led by the Gilroy
and San Juan bands. Invited- Unity Re
bekah Lodge of Gilroy followed. Gilroy
Lodge turned out more than one hundred
strnog. San Benito Lodge of San Juan
and Mound Lodge of Hollister sent large
delegations, as did the Rebekah Lodge or
Hollister. .
SAN ' ANDREAS, April 26,-Odd Fel
lows Lodge No. 50 to-day dedicated Fra
ternal Hall, that is to be the joint home
of the Odd Fellows and Masons. A vast
assemblage of people witnessed the cere
mony. Hon. Alexander Erown of Milton,
delivered an oration that will live long ln
the memory of his hearers. Grand Master
William J. Burns, Noble Grand Snyder,
Vice Grand Me Adams and Grand Marshal
Wyllio filled their respective stations with
great credit. The heralds were Henry
Wesson, Oscar Pfortner, Alex Lariveirl
and C. Gargadennec. Dr. J. A. Holland,
chaplain; W. ' C. Wall, grand guardian,
and Robert Leonard, past grand, formed
the balance of the dedicating team.
Beautiful music was rendered by the
double quartet. Mrs. John Raggio sang a
solo splendidly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ceremonies Attract Many Vis
tors to the Mountain
Town. .
Odd Fellows of San An
dreas Dedicate Their
Hall.
LODGEMEN OPEN
NEW QUARTERS
Steamer Movements.
tlaes, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are ln addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
NOT13 — Tho hiirh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. -Published by official au
thority of tho Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ENSENADA— Sailed April 25-Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
TOKOHAMA— Sailed April 26— Br stmr Wye
field, for Royal Roads.
CALLAO— Arrived March 27— Ger stmr Ses
ostris, hence Feb 6, and sailed for Hamburg.
Sailed March 28— Br bark Chipperkyle, for
San Francisco.
HULL— Sailed April 24— Br ship Glencairn.
for San Francisco.
IQUIQUE— Sailed March 2S— Br ehlp Stron
sa, for San Francisco. r
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 25— Stmr Porto
Rico, from San Juan.
ST JOHNS— Arrived April 26— Stmr Sardin
ian, from Glasgow and Liverpool. <
BOSTON-Arrtved April 26-Stmr Sylvania,
from Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 25— Stmr Com
monwealth, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON* — Sailed April 26 — Stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, from Hamburg, for New
York, via Cherbourg. ' *
FOREIGN PORTS.
• Sailed April 26— Schr James Rolph. for Suva.
• Passed In April 26— Schr Queen, hence Apr 14.
HUENEME— Arrived April 26— Stmr Corona
do, from Grays Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 2S— Bktn John
Smith, for San Francisco.
Arrived April 26— Schr Queen, hence April 14.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 26—
San Mateo, from Nanalmo.
SEATTLE— Sailed April 2a— Stmr Cottage
City, for Skaguay; Btmr Excelsior, for Valdez.
Arrived April 26 — Stmr Dolr>hin. from Dyea.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 25— Schr Lau
ra Madsen, for San Pedro; schr C A Thayer,
for Suva,
COOS BAY— Arrived Anrll 22— Schr Mary E
Russ, hence April 12.
BALLARD— Arrived April 22— Schr A M Bax
ter, from San Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Passed in April 26— Stmr Rob
ert Doilar, hence April 22. for Seattle. • •
SAN PEDRO— Arrived At>ril 26— Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka; stmr Brunswick, from San
Diegro: stmr W H Krueer", hence April 24.
Sailed Acril 26— Stmr Brunswick, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 26— Stmr Ruth, hnc
April 24. .
HANAMAULU- Sailed April 10— Schr John G
North, for Pujet Sound.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed April 26— Schr Web
foot, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived April 28— Schr
Peerless, from Ventura. ,
THE UNNAMED SLOOP WITH WHICH THE MEMBERS OF THE SAN
FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB EXPECT TO RECOVER THE PERPETUAL
CHALLENGE CtfP NOW HELD BY THE CORINTHIANS.
SATURDAY. APRIL 27.
Sun rises ...5:18
Sun Bets 6:56
Moon sets 1:53 a. m.
Early Closing: Movement Wins.
REDDING. April 2G.-The merchants of
Redding, after jrlvlnj; a three months*
trial to early and Sunday closing of their
*tore>5. have decided to continue the plan
permanently. Places of business are closed
at S o'clock on week nights and all day
Sunday.
STOCKTON'. April 26.— Blackleg has
made its appearance among -the cattle
herds in the swampy ground and over
llovred lands of this county. Twelve cat
tle have died on the Barnhardt place,
north of Stockton, within the past week,
and several have succumbed in the neigh
borhood of Lathrop. At Graves* place
vaccination is being resorted to in j the
hope of preventing a spread of the dis
ease. It is said the disease is prevalent
in some of the adjoining counties, but
that the farmers are keeping it as quiet
as jwssihls. In some places the disease
has been mistaken for anthrax.
Blackleg Killing Cattle.
Army orders announce that Sec
ond Lieutenant Edward w. Rob
inson. Twenty-third Infantry, on
his muster-out as Captain of
the Thirty-fifth Volunteer Infantry, will
report for recruiting dutv to Captain
Alexander B. Dyer at San Francisco.
These pensions were issued to-day:
California— Original— Edward P. Dolley,
tios Angeles, $C; Orrington L. Henderson,
Valltjo. $J>; Frank McGinnis. Yountville.
f6; John L. Marshall. Santa Maria, $6.
Additional— Andrew Wheaton, Corona, J12;
Lawrence O'Neil. Vallejo, J12; Howard A,
Straight, Mountain View, $10. Mexican
¦war survivors — Increase — Samuel M. High
neC Veterans* ome Yountville. $12. War
with Spain— Original— Chester A- Delong,
San Jose, J6.
Washington— Original— Albert M. Ed
monds. Ridgefield, $6.
Oregon— J. D. Cooley, Agness, Curry
County, vice A. "Aubery, resigned;
B. F. Ahalt. Howard. Crook County, vice
L. Y. Ready, resigned: W. F. Olin, West
Portland, Multnomah County, vice F. E.
Offield, resigned.
Appointed: California— J. C. Clark, Del
ray. Fresno County, vice Ella Wilkinson,
resigned ; J. A. Wilkinson, Live Oak, Sut
ter County, vice T. A. McFarland, re
signrd; D. S. Comptcn, Pleasant Grove,
Suiter County, vice F. C. Pierce, resigned;
Jesse Xicholson. Valencia, Santa Cruz
County, vice S. L. Gibson, resigned.
WASHINGTON. April 2G.-The Postof
fiee to-day announced the following:
Postmasters commissioned: Oregon — John
Alexander, Glide. Washington— William
H. McCoy. Reardon; Nicholas H. Webber,
Eagle Cliff.
Postmasters and Issue of
Pensions.
Commissions and Appointments for
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Matters of Interest to Marinsrs and
Shipping Merchants.
The Maggie C. Russ will load • lumber and
merchandise for Salinas Cruz; the St. Kathe
rine, merchandise for Hilo.
Shipment of Grain.
The Russian ship Harbinger cleared yester
day for Queensto-wn for orders with 8008 ctls
wheat, valued at J8S0O; 34,416 ctls barley, val
ued at 531.000. and 14,000 feet lumber as dun
nage, valued at $200.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a eenetal cargo, valued at
?20,:4S. Including the following:
17 cs arms and ammunition. 30 cs axle
srrease.. 31S9 lbs beans, 116 pals brandy. 3550
lbs coffeo. S6.450 lbs dried fruit. « cs drurs,
Ml cs canned roods, 551 pkgs fruit. 30 ska f«r
tillier, 15 cyls itas. C03 pkss groceries an-i pro
visions. !7 cs honey, 67 cs hardware. 17.633 feet
lumber. 35,600 lbs malt.' &G0 pigs lead. 63 pkgs
machinery. 39 kegs nails. 1ST bbls plaster, »77
i-s paste, 3 flasks quicksilver. £000 lbs sugar.
S5 boxes raisins, H7 pUss veiseUbles, 2 cs 596
pals wine.
Shipping' Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, April !«.
Stmr Noyo. ThwlnB. tJ hour* from Eureka.
Btmr South Coast. Olsen. S4 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr I.uflla, M&dsen, 60 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Ctaxina, Seaman, SS hours from Ta
ooma.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, it hours from Monterey.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 17 hour* from Qureka.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Samoa, Gundcrson, 23 hours from Eu
reka..
Btmr Alliance. Uardwlck. 6 days from Port
land and way r>orta.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 23 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put ln to land pasaen
sers.
Bchr Rio Key, Miller. SO hours from Mendo
cino. ... .
Schr Fortuna, Luber?, 30 hours from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Friday. April S«.
Stmr Francis Cutting-, Harerup, Karluk;
Hume Bros & Hume.
Stmr Kvlchak, Mrlson. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Stmr Hyades, Garllck. Seattle; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Kuss ship Harbinger, Kordland, Queen&town;
Olrvln & Kyre.
Bark Theobald, Cameron, Nanalmo: John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
liris Geneva, Aas, Bristol Bay; Bristol
racklnr Co.
Schr isolano, Roslch, Bristol Bay; C E Whit
ney & Co.
Schr G W Watson, Less, Ele«le and La
haina; Williams, IMmond &. Co.
SAILED.
; . Friday. April M.
Stmr Corona, Girtow, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka,
Stmr City of Puebla, i Jr psen. Victoria.
Stmr Hyades. Garlich. Seattle.
Stmr Argo. Hughes. Coqull'o River.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.-
Stmr Kurcka, Jostn, Kurvka.
Stmr Chlco. Dearborn. San Diego.
Stmr Alcautr, Martin, .
stmr I.ufllii, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Navarro. liansen. Uowena Landing.
btmr GtuKY, I'tland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Wanhtenaw, /.oiling, Tacoma.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen. San Pedro.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, Coquille River.
II S stmr Grant, UructererManlla, via Hono
lulu.
Ship Columbia. Mattpon. Bristol Day.
Ship krtar ot Ituysla, Iiurce«s, Knrluk.
Hurk /Annie Johntton, Kaiaon, HUo.
Hark J P Cheney, Johnson, Rrlstol Bay.
Schr John r Miller. Hitmen, Coos Bay.
Schr Uowmiond, Ward. Honolulu.
Schr O W WatDon. Lara. .
Schr Roy Somvrs, Crnnsle, Bowens L&ndlns.
Schr Bertis Minor. Ravens. Eureka,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOnos, April M. 10 p m-Weather
haiy; wind NW. velocity M miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORH-Arrlved April tt-Schr Antelope,
from San Pedro.
Sailed April SS-Br bark County of Ptm
broke and Br ship Alcburth, for United Kin*
oorn.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Captains of vessels just home from the
islands say that never in the history of
Honolulu : have they seen so many idle
sailors on the beach. Every vessel that
reaches Hawaii loses from three to six
of her crew, and these join the band that
is living- a lotus life. They . sleep under
trees or in the open and the balmy breezes
of the sub-tropical land only lulls them
into a sounder slumber. Bananas and
bread fruit are to be had for the asking,
and fish are there for whoever will catch
them. As long as this state of affairs
lasts "Jack" will not go to sea, and in
consequence many a stout ship has to
come home short-handed. "The men are
getting to be regular beach-combers," said
a captain yesterday, "and if something
does not turn up to drive them to sea
soon, they will be lost to the American
merchant marine." _
Water Front Notes.
The tug Sea King went north last night
to tow the new steamer Chehalis down
from Eureka. The Chehalis will be en
gined here and will then go Into the Grays
Harbor trade, Jn command of Captain
Thompson, late of the Coquille River.
The collier Wellington goes to Bering
Sea -with a cargo of coal from Nanalmo,
B. C. On her return she and the Bristol
will be put in the northern trade.
The steamer Chico' sailed for Bellingham
Bay yesterday with supplies for the new
fiber company that has been established
near that place.
The crew of the battleship "Wisconsin
will give an invitation ball in Native Sons'
Hall on May 14. It is expected that Presi
dent McKinley will attend for a short
time after the reception tendered him in
the ferry building is over.
One Hundred and Fifty Able Seamen
Who Refuse to Work.
DESERTERS THBONG HONOLTJLu"
p»yi«^ HE members of the San Francisco
II Yacht Club are jubilant over the
I plans for the new cup challenger
jj, furnishes them by Crownshield of
Boston. The great yacht designer
has sent them a. model of a thirty-footer
which, the yachtsmen believe, will bring
the cup back to its old abiding place.
The challenge cup was paid for with
money subscribed by all the yacht clubs
around the bay. "When finished it was
given into the custody of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, that being the senior
organization. The Encinal Yacht Club at
once challenged with the El Suano and the
San Franciscos defended with the Queen.
The El Suano won. Next year the San
Franciscos challenged with the Catherine
and the Encinals defended with the
Fawn. The Fawn won. Then the Corin
thian Yacht Club challenged with the
Aeolus and the Enclnals again put for
ward the Fawn. The Aeolus won.
For two years after the victory of the
Aeolus there was no contest, and then the
San Franciscos challenged with the Gad
der and the Corinthians defended with the
Truant. The Gadder won. The Aeolus
was put into commission again last year
and the Corinthians challenged with her
and again took tho cup away from the
San Franciscos, beating the Gadder easily.
It was after this defeat that "\V. X. Mc-
Carthy, John Savorv, "\V. W. Morrow and
T. L. Hill of the San Francisco Yacht
Club put their heads together and deter
mined to build a yacht that would keep
the cup in the club's possession for several
years to come. An order was sent to
Crownshield, and the model and plans
are now here. The new boat will be of
the fin-keel type and will have a regular
spoon-bill bow. She will be 42 feet over
all. 10 feet 3 inches beam and 7 feet deep.
The racing length of the Aeolus is 28 feet
10 Inches and that of the new challenger
wHl be a few Inches more.
It was originally the intention of the
California Yacht Club to challenge with
the Jessie E and the Vallejo Yacht Club
to challenge with a new yacht now build
ing at Benicia for Vice Commodore Chap
man. When these gentlemen heard of the
San Francisco Yacht Club's new chal
lenger they at once withdrew, so the
Corinthians and San Franciscos will fight
it out once more.
EAN JOSE, April 26.— After twenty
years of waiting, during which he tena
ciously retained mining claims ¦which
others declared worthless and labored
with team and shovel on. the streets of
the city to support himself and family,
luartln Ford, a well known resident of
San Jose, Is to receive a quarter of a mil
lion dollars for the property and in his old
age will be placed beyond the need of toil,
ford always declared that he would yet
realize a lortune from the mines, but his
friends ridiculed the idea, and it Is doubt
lul that he could have realized anything
on Ins holdings up to within a short time
ego. Now he is in Gruss Valley, where
the property is located, talking of thou
sands of dollars and closing negotiations
for its sale to a syndicate of Montana
capitalists, composed of \V. A. Clark Jr.
and Charles Clark, sons of United States
Senator Clark, and Miles .Finley of Butte,
Mont. A bond has been given and a sale
is almost certain to go through. The
price is said to be. $250,wJ.
Twenty years ago ilartin Ford con
ducted a general merchandise store ln
Nevada City. At that time the place was
prosperous and he had considerable
mency. In his transactions with miners
lie came into possession of several claims,
covering about sixty-five acres. He had
done some prospecting work and was
convinced his claims were rich. About
this time the little mining town suffered
a setback and was almost deserted. He
was obliged to stop work on his claims,
and in order to make a livine was com
pelled to leave Nevada County.
Ford came to San Jose ar.d bought a
home here and for years has worked on
Lhe streets with team and spade. Small
sums had been offered' for the claims
from time to time, but these he refused,
declaring lie would yet realize his thou-
Fsnds.
Waiting became discouraging, and a
fen- months ago he told C. M. Wooster', a
real estate dealer, that he would like to
sell his mines and would take $100,000 for
them. Wooster laid the matter before
some men in San Francisco, and the
< "larks of Montana became interested.
They began an investigation and had as
says made, which proved up ?450 to the
ten in free milling gold. The claims
fcbeut to be sold are said to be the Frank
lin, the Ford and the Irish-American and
others.
Special Dispatch to Tfce Cnll.
San Jose Man Realizes
Handsomely on Min
ing Claims.
Toils for Years on the Street
Bather Than Sell at a
Low Figure.
WEALTH COMES
WITH WAITING
When th« Secretary of ''the Navy recently
demanded -more • battleships Congress con'
¦Idered his recommendations favorably and
authorised th« construction of several power
ful warships. .. Protection • is what our sea
ports require, and fortifications will not ade
quately supply this. Itofense against all dis
orders of the digestive organs, such as dyspep
sia, constipation, biliousness, rheumatism
and nsrvousness, ts adequately afforded by
that efficient remedy. Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters. Try it. flBa%ff£gBM
Demand for More Battleships.
Sues for Payment of Coupons.
justice of the Peace Joachimsen yester
daJSQverruled tho demurrer of tho Holmes
Mining Company, which was sued by W.
D. Lawton for the recovery of $240, repre
senting four coupons on mortgage bonds
on the company's property. ''The defend
ant alleged -that the court hud no jurisdic
tion inasumch as tho propertyxls Bituated
in Nevada, and the only way\in which
plaintiff could recover waa to \ foreclose
the mortgage. Judge Joachimsen held
that the coupons wero in reality an order
to pay money to bearer and that the com
pany must answer as to Its liability ln the
premises. '*J^HflMHi?f3!ft£££aiBRttinHtM
It U believed that McPike was stunned
when hia head struck the rail and thut
he was drowned while in an unconscious
svite. lie was unmarried, 31 years old,
a native of Ireland and resided at (C3
Bryant ntreet. An inauest will be held.
An ' owtcry was raised immediately by
bystanders and L. Backsteln of 451 First
street and the mate of the Alcazar. J.
Cunningham, recovered the body after It
caiiiB to the surface the second time.
McPike had backed up his cart loaded
•with coal to the edge of Main-street wharT
to dump the coal on board the steamer
Alcazar. As he was pulling out the tall
board of the cart to let the coal drop on
board the vessel his feet Flipped, causing
him to lose his balance and fall over
board. In falling his head struck against
tho rail of the steamer and he fell into
the bay.
Charles McPike, a driver for the Black
Diamond Coal Company, met with a pe
culiar accident yesterday that resulted in
his death.
Stricken Unconscious by Pall, Charles
McPike Is Drowned Near
Main-Street Wharf.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ar* given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day: the third time column gives the last tide
of tho day, except when there are but three
DRIVER FALLS VICTIM
TO PECULIAR ACCIDENT
Robert Downing of "Gladiator" fame
will found a school of acting: ln San Fran
cisco, to be opened on May 1. The Down
ing: school, which will bo called the "Rob
ert Downing Institute of Dramatic Art,"
will be located ln the Central Theater
building on Market street, and will be in
active connection with most of the thea
ters, of the city. • ', .
In the circular of announcement Mr.
Downing points with pardonable pride to
his long experience on the stage in active
association with such famous actors and
acresses as John McCullough, Lawrence
Barrett. Edwin Booth. Charles Fechter.
Charlotte Cushman. Adelaide Neilson and
Mary Anderson. He has appeared in lead-
Ing roles on the American stage for over
a quarter of a century In Shakespearean
drama and other of the leading dnimatla
presentations of the time, nnd ln addition
to this ia famed ns a lecturer on his art.
The theatrical managers of the town are
in active sympathy with the movement
and have signified their readiness to give
engagements to theme of Mr. Downlng'a
pupils who possess his certificate of fit
ness for the stage. They have also placed
at Mr. Downlnjr's disposal all the practi
cal educational facilities of their theaters.
San Francisco to Have an Institution
Where Budding' Thespians May-
Develop Their Talents/
ROBERT DOWNING WILL
FOUND SCHOOL OF ACTING
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, IT. S. N., Mer
chants' exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April 28. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. Q. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., ln charge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1901.
8
¦ Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. — . — Ft. Ft. Ft.
t, W H \V L W It W
!t '.'.. 1:OJ S.4 8:47 4.6 1:01 oTi 7:56 ~6A
IS ... S:00 1.9 8:00 4.S 1:SS 1.1 8:33 S.S
ro ... !:K0 1.4 9:03 4.5 3:40 1.4 9:1S 5.5
80 ... S:S2 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50 G.fi
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:40 4.6 S:49 3.0 10:20 6.7
) ... 4:41 0.4 11:34 4.6 4:20 S.S 10:44 R.6
S ... 6:15 0.1) 1S:1C 4.6 4:53 2.5 11:09 B.6
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Acme Tillamook Bay Apr. 27
Victoria Comox Apr. 27
South Portland Tacoma Apr. 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 27
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Adato.. Portland : Apr. 27
Peru Valparaiso via Panama Apr. 28
Queen San. Diego Apr. 23
Bonlta Newport Apr. 2$
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 29
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr *>9
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 29
Mackinaw Seattle Apr 29
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 30
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 30
Matteawan Tacoma Apr. 30
Arso Coquille River Apr 30
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma May 1
Pomona Humboldt ; May l
Peru Panama & Way Ports May 1
Corona Newport May l
Coronado San Pedro May 1
TV. H. Kruger.-San Pedro May 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports May 2
Santa Rosa San Dieg-o May a
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 2
North Fork..... Humboldt May 3
Argyll N. Y. via Panama:... May 3
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.j Pier,
April 27.
Mandalay.... Coqutlle River 4 pin Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Isewburg- Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Alarlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Czarina.: Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier S
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 5 pm|Pier 16
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm I Pier ••
April 28. |
Australia Tahiti direct Pier 7
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
G. \V. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 2».
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay. 3 pm Pier 16
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pai Pier 13
San Juan Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS,
April :iol
Tanls Hamburg & Way Pier 27
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Argo CoqulUe River .... 12 m Pier 3
Kuroka Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Coronado Grays Harbor .".. Pier 2
Queen San Pit-go ........ 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla. Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Dora... Noma via Seattle. 3 pm Pier —
W\ Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... S pm Pier 13
Mtty U.
Arcata Coos Hay 12 m Pier IS
I Mny a.
Corona........ Newport 9 a\f\ Pier It
Nippon Maru. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria £ Portland 11 am Pier 21
Peru Valparaiso £ Way Pier — |
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Acme Tillamook Bay Apr. 27
Victoria Comox Apr. 27
South Portland Tacoma Apr. 27
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 27
Curacao........ Mexican Ports Apr. 27
Adato.. Portland : Apr. 27
Peru Valparaiso via Panama Apr. 28
Queen San. Diego Apr. 23
Bonlta Newport Apr. 2$
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 29
Crescent City.. Crescent City Apr *>9
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 29
Mackinaw Seattle Apr 29
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Apr. 30
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 30
Matteawan Tacoma Apr. 30
Arso Coquille River Apr 30
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma May 1
Pomona Humboldt ; May l
Peru Panama & Way Ports May 1
Corona Newport May l
Coronado San Pedro May 1
TV. H. Kruger.-San Pedro May 1
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports May 2
Santa Rosa San Dieg-o May a
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 2
North Fork..... Humboldt May 3
Argyll N. Y. via Panama:... May 3
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.j Pier,
April 27.
Mandalay.... Coqutlle River 4 pin Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Isewburg- Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Alarlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Czarina.: Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier S
Fulton Grays Harbor .... 5 pm|Pier 16
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm I Pier ••
April 28. |
Australia Tahiti direct Pier 7
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
G. \V. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
April 2».
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay. 3 pm Pier 16
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pai Pier 13
San Juan Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS,
April :iol
Tanls Hamburg & Way Pier 27
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Argo CoqulUe River .... 12 m Pier 3
Kuroka Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Coronado Grays Harbor .".. Pier 2
Queen San Pit-go ........ 9 am Pier 11
Walla Walla. Puset Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Dora... Noma via Seattle. 3 pm Pier —
W\ Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... S pm Pier 13
Mtty U.
Arcata Coos Hay 12 m Pier IS
I Mny a.
Corona........ Newport 9 a\f\ Pier It
Nippon Maru. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria £ Portland 11 am Pier 21
Peru Valparaiso £ Way Pier — |
¦ Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. — . — Ft. Ft. Ft.
t, W H \V L W It W
!t '.'.. 1:OJ S.4 8:47 4.6 1:01 oTi 7:56 ~6A
IS ... S:00 1.9 8:00 4.S 1:SS 1.1 8:33 S.S
ro ... !:K0 1.4 9:03 4.5 3:40 1.4 9:1S 5.5
80 ... S:S2 1.0 10:00 4.6 3:15 1.7 9:50 G.fi
1 ... 4:05 0.7 10:40 4.6 S:49 3.0 10:20 6.7
) ... 4:41 0.4 11:34 4.6 4:20 S.S 10:44 R.6
S ... 6:15 0.1) 1S:1C 4.6 4:53 2.5 11:09 B.6
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature of /&*~^^£ztf
. , ¦ . Very small and as easy
to take as sugar*
QET i j% _ tni-g-nTo I ™* HEADACHL CPF
SEE CARTERS FORDiniNESS. * &L
L^ITTIP FOR BIUOUSKESS. .... ..
GENUINE WI/P-S5 FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
'H PHI FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR I JP__M| FOR SAU0W SKIM. WRAPPER
WliA^LH |^_s__li [for the complexion »* n^^i^n
y-fc^H I Purely ?egetal>le. x <^>**» <^g^*^
"FRinSTTED O3ST REID PAPER." ,
BAILWAT TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ST ' lust a little better > g
1 than anV other train §
| —a little better service- • g
g « more homelik* M
I feeling on tho |
CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED I
p| than you find elsewhere. jp
d and it runs Hks this |
1 LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
9 an Men Tues Wad Thur Frl Sat Sun |
I ARRIVES CHICAGO |
¦ 2.15 pm Thur Frl Sat Sun M on Tues Wed £
I 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
I 0N THE I
,,. ¦ mm^J
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains leave nml are «lu«» lo nrrl<« mi
¦. AAN rilA NCIMCO.
' (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
X.EATB — From April 23, 1901. — akkiti
7:30 a Ben icJ*, Snisan, Elmira, VacaTfllet
Ramsey u ad Sscramento 7i33p
7:30 a Davis. Woodland. Knight* Landing.
MarysTille. Oro»llle_ 7:Mr
7i3O« Atlantic Kzpresa— Ogden aod Kast 12:23r
8:O«a Martiuez. San Uamnu, Vallejo, Napa,
CallstcgnandSniiU Rosa 6iS3p
8:OOa LlTensors, Stockton. H&uford, Vba-
lia. Forterriil<- 4iS»p
8:OOa Niles. Lathrop. 11 oed. Fresco, Ba-
ktnflfki 4:S3r
•<3Oa Shasta Express— DaTis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Ked
Bluff, Poxtltnd, 7:33r
SiUMa San Jf>ae, Llfermoie, Stocktnn.
lone. Sacrauieuto. PlaceiTllie.
ai»r7S»IIlB. Chico. »{«¦! IHulT 4>SSr
S:30A OakdaK Chinese (Vosemite), So-
nora. Outers 4i23p
0:00a Haiwards. Mies sod Way Stations. I 1:33a
ViOVa Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy. IjaUirop, .Stockton, Merced
Frevio »i>! Lot Aoeel«a 7iSSa
•»•* Vallrio, Martiues auit Way Stations »«•¦»»?
I 0:00a Tho OterlinJ Llmlted-Ogdea, D«n-
»er, Omaha. Chicago CiSSp
\ l:OOp Saerameuto ItUer Ste«uier» fSiOAA
S:3Op Ilaywmrda. Nllrs aid Way HUtlms. ?:S3p
I:3«r Port Costa. Martinez Latbrop, Mer-
ced ; B*reml» (Yosemlte), Fresao.. ?:33r
4tOOr Benicia, Winters, 8»or»meuto,
IVooilland, Kululitf ]<audlng,
M»ry»»i:ie. Oroillle 10:39a
4i*Op MartluBx. Hau Itamoii. Vallsjo,
Napa. I'^iint.iK*. Si»nt* Rosa »>33a
4:00r Niles, LiTermore, Stcckton. Lodi... 1»;33a
4>3(iir Hsy— Aids. Mies San Jose, lAit rmoro t"»:.13A
3:0«r The Owl Limited— Tracy, Stockton,
Fresno, Bakersfleld. Haugns (or
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles...... SiSSa
' eiS»p Bainrcb, BU«s >nd 8au Joas 7>33a
fttiOOr Vallejo .-. 11:434
•iO«r Oriental Mail- Og Jen, Cheyenna.
Omaha, Chfcsgo 13:29?
•iOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. 4:33»
7:OO r Oreeon and California Express, Ha«-
rxitieutu. MarjrsTllIa. I'(h1iUiiv,
I'ortlmiil. rnjet Nuiiud and Rask StSSA
8t«3rSan Pablo, Fort C01U, JUrtlaez
and War Stations .\ IIiSSa
t»:Oap Yallelo ; TtSSy
COAST LINE <Sarro- <i»n S e).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
1?i«3a Santa Ctuz Kxcnnion to 3aaU Cnu '
and Principal Way Stations t****
SilSANeirark.CeuterTtlle..SaiiJose.***lton.
BonlU or Creek.Sau ta Crux and TV ay
Stations SiSSV
t3il.Tr Newark. On ten Me. San Jose. Ifow
Alrruileu, Feltuu. lionidar C'reek,
8anU Cms and l*rlndDal W»r
StAtlous T ••l.1l»A
4il3r Newark. Saa Jose. Los Gatos ¦{ .jS*aoi
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtajsia rKtisisco— r*«t »f a »k*t su»«» <sii* d—
tT:1S 9:00 11:OO*.M. 1:03 2:00 B:1Sp.«.
rromCHUIB— fi«l .t Bt»»Jw«».— 1«.00 {a.00 tS:O«
10.60<.m. 12:03 8:C3 «;03r.u.
COAST LtING (ttroari llaiiRe).
(ThlrU »i»J To>Tn!ietMt Sta.)
UiIoa aotuh halt Kranciacts Palo Alto..., •<»«•»
l« <3t San Jose nml WsyStnU liS»»
J"!:«oa Scndiy Eicanlon for Ban Jtre,
Kant* Crux. Pjcitlo Grora and
Principal Way Station* tSi30»
7>3Oa Co«st LJua Limited, San Jos*. GUroT.
Salluaa. Paso Koblrs. »*n Lnia
Obhpo, Lompoo, S*uta Barbara,
l*sAnscI<-« UtS3»
•<«»A Hau Jnse. Tres l'lnna. RanU Ctsis,
P»clilc (3ro*«, EaUnss. Baa Lois
Obispo ainl Prtociia: intcnaetlUte
Ha_Llll)ll. -til tt9
lOino* San Jcm and wiySuttoai!.".".".'."!!!.' ?>3ar
/i«>a»A N«>» Almadeu /0:30»
I 1 «:»»A Man Jos* am* Way HUtlnns StSor
t«: l»r 8»n Mateo, Ue.lwoo.1. Mania Park.
Palo Alto, Banta Clara, San Jtiee,
Trcs Plnos, Santa Cms, Salinas,
Monterey and l'actno Orote floi-Mi
BtXAp San Josaand Way Stations «ia»*
H'ISr San Jnm ami Principal W» SUttons »i !•"»*.
fSlwOr Ban Jos*. Los Oatos and l'riucipal
Way Btatloo IDiOOa
St*tf>r flan Jose ami Prlneipal Way Stations 8;3W_
C:13r New Orleans Express. 8an Jote,
Santa Barbara, Loa Angeles. D-m-
lng> El Paso, New Orleans and East ?i> Oa
•tlSr Del Monte. Monterey, Pacific Gtore,
Lompoo IO;O3r
«:HOr 8*i.Jcii»ud Way Stations t*' on *
•ll»45pSan Jcseand Way 8Utions 7»30>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Runday ezeepted. t Snnday only.
% Saturday onli, _ 4 Tuen.Uvj and Frldaxa.
NORTH PACIFIC GOAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Comrnenclnc September 30. 1900
TBOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL YALJ.ET
AND SAN RAFAKU ¦"-*-*•*
WEEK DAYS— «:55, *9:li. 1X:OO «. m.. •!'«.
S:15. 4:00. 6:15. 'Sas. «:« p. ». * *****
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valler and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur.
days at 9:00 and U:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •3:00. '10:00. 11:30 «. m. n-15.
3:15. M:«. «:S0. 9:00 p. m. . • **"•
Train* marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAPAEli TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAY3-5:*0. »«:S0. 7:«. *^M_Ti?*
•12:SO 1:43. »S:SO. *:Z0. 5:50 p. m. * *• m -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wedn««laya
and Saturdays at C:43 and 10:M p. ra. re- *"
•1M0. »S:15. *:*i, H:20 p. m. ** ¦"••
Trains marked <•) start from San Ouontu
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO SANFIUVCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:4J. «:«, 7:53. 5?mV™
12:S3. MO. 3:S0. AM, 5:M p. m. ** TO -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdav.
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 1«:» p. •" ta »«»aays
SUNDAYS-«:03. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05.' Ill jm
8:00, *:« p. m. . *'"• ••*'•
TIIROUaiX TIUIN3.
stit^ni^ "^ W ** k d * 5r *- Cl -«*«>«n> *a<J wa/
¦uttonst "*" S * turd ' yt - Tomolei and way
tlona*' "* Sundayi| - Toin *'« •nd. way tta-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I BgitfS^y .SAME SHAPE %«^Sx-^l
Sifgafs. TWO QUALITIES
,l ¦» f if vjyyjyy^ft'^ifMi s 1 rti J^ jLPy^j
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
: GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Wfeter.
Cl ?PATENTS_r il
MARKET ST. S.?.^*SJ*T
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS-— RS-
modeled and lenovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, SOc to $1 50 day;
*5 to 4S week; JS to S20 month. Free batbs; Yu>Z
and cold water every room: lire graiea in every
room: elevator runs all nicht.
pflrr nnvm sga&wsj
Lull n.llUl our Special Brew.
Uhl L IIU I HL fr^ve^ats^rnd
valises cherkei free.
BAHWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA HORTflWESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St-
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:35. 3:30.
6:10, 6:30 ». m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a_ m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
Sam Rafael to Ssua Franolae*.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:oa
and 6:35 p. m. «... ««
STJNDAYS— 8:10. 9M0, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m. _
• Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule as above. *
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San FranclJico. [April 15. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I I Sun- I W«k
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:03 pm 10:j am
' 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
*^ ' Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
_ | ! Healdsburg.
. Lytton.
i I Geyservllle.
S:SfJpm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:33 pm «:23 pm
7C>am| p~ilopland I j 10:25 am
3:3fl'pm| S:0O ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7-30 ami |10:I5 am
I 8:00 ami Guernevllle. 7:33 ptnj
S:SO pm| I 6:?3 pm
Tisb am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
| and
5:10 pm B:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm 6:22 pm
7:S0 ami S:00 ami |W:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. I «:£> Pml 6=~ P"*
Stocks connect at Santa Rosa for Mark »
"West Sprints and White Sulphur Sprinrs: at
Lvtton for Lytton Sprlncs: at O*y»ervUle for
KkayE» Sprlnss; at CloverOal* for th» Oey-
Pfrs; at Hopland for Duncan Pprlnes, Ulsh-
land Sprlniis, KelseyvlHc, Carlsbad Springs,
Soda l«ay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Sprlncn, Saratoga Springs,
Blue LakfS. Laurel Ilell Lake. Witter Sprlnxss
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Vall»y, John D.iy"«,
Jllverstde. Llerl*y's. Bucknell*". Banhedrtn
Height*. Hullvllle.Orr'!' Hot Sprlnjr-. Mendoclno
City. Fort lintfic Westport, Usal, Wlllett*.
L*ytonvlUe. Cummlnts, Bell's Sprlnrs. Harris.
Olsens. r»yer. Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday rounil-trlp tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Hafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market St.. Chronicle build*
Ins. R. X. IlIAN.
II. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
. General Manager.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd j Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. (Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a S:00 p 4-20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 n
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:2!) p 2:33 p '3:05 a
• " Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•• VUalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a """¦**
" Bksfletd 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a "**""
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
"Chicago. 2:15 p 9:qq p ."*""
¦ a for mornintr. p for afternoon
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limit**
Carrjlng Palace -Sleeping Cars and I Dlnlne
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car ™«S
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of inrii
first-class passengers. jf 0 second-cufs
tickets are honored on this train cw«
epondlnK train arrives at 5:K p. m daUv"
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. CorrisoSnd
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. OMiy
3:00 j>. m. Is the Overland Expreis with
through Palace and Tourist Slee£%^' n 3
free .Reclining Chair Car. also Palac*
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corr?
spondlns train arrives at 5:53 p m aJul
- 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld L?.eni ,;i!;' y>
at all point. Jr. Sa ? Joaquln vXy c or "-
upondlntr train arrives at SM3 , m d.i^
Ofnces-6U Market nreet nnd ft S>m
OaSlind 8 " F 7 ac! « c °! «» BrwdwayT
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• *Yl» 8u»llts r-rx— Foot »f Mirkti St.
1:W P. M, £••••• «*Hi*v DAYS \ ..«_ „
8:00 a.m.) .. fl2:15p. M.
»H»A.M. 1:15p.M.
i?S A :$l: sst-:
1:30 p. at. 5^0 p.m.
25up. M.J 7:10 p.m.
'-. F»r«.S»a rrudn* to Simmlt ind !U<arn. 11.40
Ticket Officer. 621 Market St.. A SauxalUo Ferry.
Begin again, and make one of
those pies for which you are
famous, using White Cottolene
(endorsed by all the. famous
cooks), and our word for it, there
fwill be no more complaints about
them not agreeing with anybody.
¦ T !j£^*^ p 5 lrt)anJc Company,
tppej Oar flatntr booklet,
ntCCi .. A p ubUe Beem.- 1
mailed tr*« to any address.
For two to stamps wa will
send tre« our us-par* r*dp«
book. "Horn* Heir*." edited
P. S.— No Ho«?I^eit In COTTOLENB
It wasn't the pie's fault that it
didn't agree with these d}-speptic
people, it was the lard that
was in the crust.
find the pie will not distress you.
White Cottolene is a product
made of selected beef suet and
pure vegetable oil.
Use
White
Cotlolene
That was the old way, but be-
cause of lard, these most delicious
and favorite desserts have been
tabooed by a host of people who
were inclined to dyspepsia.
in shortening- pic crusts or bis-
cuits.
Don't Use
Lard
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
%!n 1934 forth* treatment *>f »»rl»i«t»
J Diseases, I^wt Manhood. D«blll:y or
¦<*| s ; i as» wearfneon hody and mlmi and
HSkln W.y«sc«. The Doctor cures •wi^n
jother» fail. Try him. irbarjei low.
n . » ¦*;"'•" «"»»¦»•¦»••«». Call or writ*
Dr. JT. *". UIBBO.M, Sau Frauclico. CaL _
AD VEB/XISEaiEUTS.
I Just Received ! J
Black Silk I
Dress Skirts
J Slightly Imperfect, I
1 Will be sold for manufac-
1 turer's account at a
GREAT '
I as co., |
I 1146 Pfiarket St.
4Si?tfii$$t 0NE TBfDCC
I A^i^«\ B °TTLE lUHES
fc.w MCBURNEY'S
CA gVW Man V CURB
]£j *Jrv. 'A thorough euro lor
Pi _ I • pains In the back,
Si^ yKT BRICHT-S DISEASE,"
r^^s! 84 rjy femtUo troubles, lncon*
tiucnooof urine, brick dust deposits, bed-
wettlngoi children, pravel, gall .toaita,
dropsy, dUbotca. and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT^
No rerccntase Drug Co.. 949-951 Market
Bti Dahlbendcr Drug Co., 214 Kearny it.
Bend S5c in 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney,
41S S. Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.. for 3
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 60. Druggrlsts.
DR.MEYERS&CO.
easo and Weakness SeekE _<«a. jct?
of men. Estab- Sp^f,
llshed 1881. Consul- Wm X^Sr^fil/- .
tatlon and private \M'i, \ XaA I
book. free, at office MSWUI jSSFJkL
or by mall. Cures M^krfPP 5^*
Kuaranteed. 7'AX <»MW^fS
Market street (ele- XtW«SPW?
vator entrance). -^V fflX^B^k.
San Francisco. *g^ES&^*£v£&31t
'i4S|k''Eveiy:WomaB
is lntere»tSdivn<l should knoTf
JK^*M N^ Ws'iX: t\vfli ' about tho wondertnl
SSIMS Wfl MARVEL Whirling Spray
M\^^WSn1\1 The new >•»!»•> Syriag.. JnJtc-
eit— Mom Conyentent.
Itll«uuMlB>taDU7.
A.a j»«r <l«t»I«t for ». \\ /M<J-- ¦.^•"'^
ItlAnVBIt. nect-ptno X^ T<,, t —
otlit-r, !miM-nd atnni|> for 11- "\\ J "¦''zit^ST'
ln*trut*.l book— •falr.l.Tt (Ttrct \\ ff - % 't'Jr
fall psrUoula.ru nnd «llip«<iion»ln« w'# As
noa Ml«»lon »t.. San Fri>nclnco. '
*Wmr^«W?S rrm»«J; for Oonorrhnpa,
< ' 1 '" t " SP"rm»«o«-rha-a,
uft<itr>.Vl "hltn«. unnaturitl dli.
JEMKf <ln»r»nto«.l Vq chargt , or «ny iulliwiim*.
E*"»JB b»i (a ttrlitur*. tlon, | rltation or nicer*-
tf~"V rrtT.au iniiiwD, tton .f nm co ii« ni<>m"
WTSirHEEvANSCHEMiTiiCo. branrn. Non-Mtrlnitcat.
%fiAciKCINNATI.0.B5^ »olJ by Drnnlita,
0.8. A >wan or reilt ln Pl»ln wrAppfr,
wNtliSW ljf?V>t *T «xpiTM, prepaid, for
Weak Mian and Women
SHOULD- USB DAMIANA BITTERS, V THB
great Mexican remedy; elves health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, SSS Market.¦¦*¦-. ' ' .
A FEW OF THOSE PRESENT AT THE ODD FELLOWS' ANNUAL PICNIC .AND THE VARIOUS FORMS OF REC
REATION IN WHICH THEY PASSED THE DAY AND THE ATHLETIC CONTESTS, WHICH WERE A FEA
TURE OF THE OUTING. .. ¦ ¦ ¦ v ' . . ,. .
Cheapest and Most Delightful Ocean
Trips in tha^World
Are those now offered by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company to Southern Califor
nia ports. For rates and information call
at office, 4 New Montgomery street.
.Annie M. .Loggiejwas granted a divorce
'.from James ; J. Log&ie yesterday, on the
'ground of. extreme cruelty. Suits, for di
vorce were filed yesterday by Henry Op
enheim against Jennie, Openheim for de
sertion; Charles A.: Storey against Minnie
Storey for desertion: Lottie E. Hill against
Fred C. Hill, for desertion, and AdaiL.
Forsyth against John W. Forsyth fpr cru
elty. Ella J. Carpenter has sued Anthony
G.: Carpenter to annul their marriage.
In the Divorce Court.
The basis of the claim that the Asles
sor and County Clerk are both municipal
officers is that the charter expressly im
poses upon them municipal duties and
functions; that they are so by virtue of.
sections 7 and 8 of article XI of the con
stitution,, and that the rule laid. down in
the decision in' Kahn vs. —.Sutro estab
lished the fact. " .. ..
On the- point that concerns the civil
service law Mr. Clement argues that the
question now before the court is an open
one, not ' having been determined in the
case of Kahn vs.Sutro.or in any other
case in this State where the issue In this
case was directly involved; that Kahn
vs Sutro is perfectly reconcilable with
the contention that • he makes — that the
civil service law in the charter Is binding
upon county officers as weir as city offi
cers; that the decision in Kahn vs Sutro
that the city of San Francisco was a mu
nicipal corporation, a . city and not- a
county, under the consolidation act,; and
that the county government act applied
to the county officers in San Francisco to
the extent of -determining their term3 of
office is not inconsistent with'or-irrecon
cilable with the . contention that a free
holders' charter, . drawn under sections 7
and 8 of article XI of the constitution,
may prescribe the mere administrative
manner that county I officers .shall dis
charge their local, duties under the gen
eral law of. the State. ¦ , - •. - . .
Mr. Clement appears, bo he states, in his
petition, as amicus curiae solely for him
self and on behalf of many citizens who
agree with him, and not "as representing
persons addicted to shallow denunciation
of decisions that do not suit them." ¦
Henry N. Clement, who was a member
of the . Board of j Freeholders which
framed. the present charter of San' Fran
cisco, has filed a petition for a rehearing
In the Supreme Court of the State of the
caso of Timothy J. Crowley vs. J. Rich
ard Freud .et al. In his petition Mr.
Clement sets- forth that he will rely on
two points, which are that the offices of
Assessor and County Clerk are both mu
nicipal offices; and that the civil service
law embodied, in the charter is a mere
local regulation, prescribing the adminis
trative manner in which the officers of
the city and county shall discharge their
duties, whether emanating from the char
ter or general law, and as such is au
thorized in and by sections 7 and 8, arti
cle XI, of the State constitution.
Freeholder Clement Asks
Supreme Court to
Rehear.
CHARTER AGAIN
IN QUESTION
Taxes Will Soon Be Delinquent.
Taxes on real estate and secured perr
sonal property will become delinquent at 6
o'clock p. m. next Monday, and Tax Col
lector Scott says his office will be bpen'up
to that time to receive money. There re
mains $117,000 yet to be collected, and only
two days in which to do it. -\.
At 9 o'clock this morning the United
States Fidelity" and Guarantee Company
will give bontis'for the release of eight
of the girls at $3000 bail apiece. • The pris
oners have been photographed by order
of the United States Attorney In order to
prevent substitutions.
: Mr. Boardman asked for a continuance
on the plea that he had had no time in
which to make up a defense. MrV Wood
worth opposed any continuance, but Judge-
Heacock said that as all the Chinese slave
cases had been set for, trial for definite
dates and with the understanding that no
.further cotinuances would be asked for
or granted he adjourned the examination
until 10 o'clock this morning. ,-
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon the case
of another girl slave, Lee Ah Yin, was
taken up. Dr. Gardner testified that he
identified her as a girl who had arrived
here on the Rio on March SO, 1897. After
her arrest last Saturday ' she told him
that she was the same, girl and that she
had been an inmate 'of a house in Sulli
van alley for a longtime, and that she
had not been registered. • . . .
When the case was called yesterday
morning on the continuance Mr. . Board
man was not present, and an affidavit
was presented to the court certifying that
he was engaged in a case in the Superior
Court and could not attend Judge Hea
ccck's court. United States District At
torney Woodworth protested- against any
continuance and the investigation pro
ceeded -without Mr. Boardman. ¦
The G-overnment gained a signal victory
yesterday, when United States Court
Commissioner Heacock ordered the de
portation of Jeung Jung Ho, one of the
eighteen, Chinese slave girls captured by
the Federal posse in Sullivan alley last
Saturday. Louis P. Boardman, her at
torney, made the defense that she was a
native of • San Francisco and had never
been out of the city. But this defense was
demolished by the testimony of Dr. John
Endicott Gardner, Chinese inspector and
interpreter, .who identified the .woman as
a girl who had come from China on the
steamer China in 1897. . /.
Liu Kum, a Chinese Christian girl, tes
tified that she came to this country on the
China in 1897 with Jeung Jung Ho and
knew her well. -
United States Attorney
Woodworth Wins the .
Second Case.
CHINESE SLAVE
TO BE DEPORTED
After the races there was dancing until
it was time to take the, train for home.
The day was lovely, the gathering of the
best class of people and the affair a grand
success, due to the efforts of the commit
tee of the Alameda County contingent,
consisting of Captain C. H. Cole, John
McVey, Colonel C. H. Wever, J. E.
Streightif, Major George Kirk, S. Madsen,
S. Samuels and M. H. Morse.
After congratulations by those who
conferred' the degree! the drill t^ara of
Canton No. 5, composed of Captain C. H.
Kornbeck, Lieutenant C. L. Ziegler, En
sign H. W. Nowell and C. E. Benedict,
I. F. Brown, W. E. Dubois, F. P. Duley.
John Deas, G. W. Farhner, J. H. Foster,
M. P. Forbes, S. Hansen, C. T. Johnson,
Isadore Jonas, Robert" W. Jones, H. B.
Larson, James A. Lennon, J. McPherson,
C. F. Phillips, Henry Rodgers and Charles
Al Stable, gave an exhibition drill of the<
Patriarchs Militant, which .was received
with •many marks of approval, after
which dancing was resumed until the
races,- were announced. . .-.: .-¦•. '. .. ~- ¦ ¦
tThe - following named were the winners
iri^the; order named: ....,'.
iBoys' races — Florence Bowes, Willis Louorie,
All Johnson. . ¦ ¦ ••.¦.:...
Girls' races— L.lllie McGllvery, Florence Lang,
Amity. W!nuner,< Myrtle Cox. Rosle Wyman.
Ladies' race — Miss F. Walleson.
Men's race — Hugh Brennan,
Rebekahs 1 race — Rose Bliss.
Odd Fellows' race— J. Vint. ' . - '. ¦ ' ' •
Fat ladies' race— Mrs. M. McNIcoll.
Kat men's race— Lee Wells and W. I. Pease.
Little girls' race— Violet -Wright, Laura Hol
comb.
An Exhibition Drill.
that they must be ever mindful of the
inscription on the decoration, "Be just,
merciful, honorable and brave."
The ship owners do not object very
strcngly to the scale of wages, although
the wages on vessels of the sugar rleet
have been advanced from $35 to S40 a
month and overtime on steam schooners
frcm 40 to 50 cents an hour. These differ
ences will probably be amicably adjusted.
The rock on which the unions and the
ship owners will probably strike is clause
7 No ship owner will enter into an agree
ment for a year, nor will he put his signa
ture to any such document. • The sting
lies, however, in the paragraph:
"This agreement shall be considered as
violated whenever the seamen or firemen
are requested to work with* non-union
men, or to accent freight from or deliver
carco to non-union men."
In other words, every carter who brings
a load to a ship's side must be a union
man- every person, be he longshoreman
or BT een hand,' who assists. in loading or
unloading a vessel must be a union man;
all repairs to a vessel, whether machinery
or hull must be done by union men: the
bedding must be washed by union labor,
and the meals must be prepared by a
ur.ion cook or else there may be a gen
eral strike. In fact, the whole thing
amounts to simply . this— every vessel
owned or controlled In San Francisco
ntiust be unionized. ... "- ,„
Two other points the ship owners will
not concede are the nine-hour workday
and the GO-cent board money. The lat
ter may be conceded, but the nine-hour
dav wlil be hard of adjustment. ;
The committee appointed by the ship
owners will talk the whole matter over
with the joint committee appointed by
the unions and then both will report back
-to their organizations. Messrs.. . .;
Islands and Australian ports, per month 30 00
Sailing vessels trading to Siberia, per
month 3000
Sailing vessels chartered in one port on
the Pacific Coast of the United States to
load In another port on the Pacific Coast
of the United States and British Colum
bia for foreign ports, th# wages to be
the eame as on the coast until loaded
and cleared, viz., per month 40 00
WORKING RULES (FOR SAIIXJRS). '
Dinner hour— Dinner hour is to be from 12
m. to 1 p. in., but may be varied not to ex
ceed one hour either way. Members shall
have ono hour for dinner while lying In any
port or roadstead, and no work shall be per
formed during such hour, except (1) such work
as is necessary for the immediate safety of
the vessel, her cargo or passengers; (2) land
ing of passengers or mail and departure of
vessel; <3) movinz vessel to . or from berth,
which cannot be moved from»or to except at
high tide.
Worklnr hours— Working hours in all har
bors on this coast shall be nine hours per
day — that Is, from 7 a. m. to 12 m.. and from
1 to 5 p. m. Any time worked beyond the
regular hours shall be paid for at "overtime"
rates. "Work in this case means loading or
discharging of freight and coaling or cleaning
vessel. When men work overtime to finish
loading in order to get to sea, overtime shall
count until one watch is sent below. Mov
ing rhips between any points lying inside of
the line drawn from Alameda Point to Hun
ters Point en the south and Point Richmond
and Fort Point on the north, including Sausa
llto and Tiburon. if done outside the regular
working hours, shall be paid for at "overtime"
SCALE OP WAGES (FOR FIREMEN AND
COAL.FASSERS).
Firemen, per month ?50 00
Coalpassers. per month 40 00
Overtime, per hour • 50
6. For the purposes of this agreement the
Hawaiian Islands shall be considered as in
cluded in the term "Pacific Coast."
7. This agreement shall hold good for one
vear •from the date of signature, and shall be
considered as violated whenever the seamen
or firemen are requested to work with non
union men, or to accept freight from or deliver
cargo to non-union men. Respectfully,
SAILORS' UNION OF THE PACIFIC.
PACIFIC COAST MARINE FIREMEN'S
UNION. Joint Committee.
Where the Danger Lies.
THE Odd Fellows of San Francisco
and of Alameda County celebrated
the eighty-second anniversary of
the institution of Odd Fellowship
in the United States with a picnic
yesterday at Fernbrook Park, in Niles
Canyon. The contingent from this city
left the mole in a special train of four
teen cars and this was followed by an
other train from Oakland, the two carry-
Ins about 1200 excursionists. . .
j Fidelity Lodge of San Francisco had
two cars reserved for its members and
friends and .these were decorated with
evergreens and flowers. The park was
reached after a ride of an .hour and a
half and in a few moments nearly all
were busy, discussing lunch. Then music
attracted the lovers of dancing to the pa-
Villon .until the time fixed for the confer
ring of the decoration of chivalry on three
candidates. There was a procession of
those who were to take part in the cere
mony. First came Brigadier General H.
O. Brower, escorting little Jessie Harris,
the maid of horlor; Miss Jennie. Wright,
Mrs. Alma Isabella .Jensen, Mrs. Lizzie
Stanton and Mrs. /H. E. Beckley, San
Francisco Rebekahs : selected to assist,
with their escorts in full uniform, one of
these being Sergeant Martin Mertenson
of Company F, Thirty-sixth United States
Volunteers; San Francisco Canton No. 5,
Patriarchs Militant, Captain C. H. Korn
beck commanding, and Canton No. 11 of
Oakland, Captain C. H. Cole In command.
These cantons in their very attractive
uniforms presented a soldlftrly appear
ance. The cantons formed m column of
one, ffjeed and crossing swords formed
an a: ch. under which marched the three
"While this was being administered the
uniformed patriarchs stood uncovered.
While the chevaliers were still kne.eling
the first lady advanced and delivered to
each a golden spur, the second lady han(J»
ed each his swOrd,- the third lady, a pair
of steel g-auntlets and the fourth lady a
pair of white silk gloves. With each pre
sentation there waa j the delivery of a
charge on the use to which each article
should be put. This was followed by' an
invocation by Major George T. .ShaW,'
judge, advocate. ' • •
The chevaliers were then informed that
the decoration, a gold and white enameled
maltese cross pendant from a gold all
seeing: eye, would be placed on their
breasts by one who was innocent and
pure In thought. The little maid of hon
or, daughter of Past Grand Patriarch J.
W. Harris, then pinned the decoration
over the breast of each chevalier, who
had resumed the kneeling position, and
each in return gave the little one a kiss
of purity. The ceremony closed with the
declaration by the brigadier general, who
touched each thrice on the right shoulder
with a sword, that they had been fully
received into the degree of chivalry and
Elaborate: Ceremony.
candidates— John H. Foster. Georgre W.
Fahner and Christian T. Johnson— under
escort of Captain Kornbeck, who, leading
them to a stand on which there was a
bowl of water, informed them that if they
would advance in the degTee they must
do so with clean hands, and bade them
•wash them, which they did. They were
then presented to the brigadier general,
who, after requesting, them to kneel, ad
ministered a solemn obligation to them
and reminded them that they were about
to be rewarded for continuous and meri
torious service in the cause, of Odd Fel
lowship. . . ¦
All of' the evidence introduced during
the trial was .carefully analyzed by Mr.
Pillsbury, after which an adjournment
was taken Until this morning..
After- dwelling at length on the person
ality of Philbrook and the character and
integrity of those whom he had assailed,
Mr. Pillsbury, turned to the evidence. He
discussed the contract exacted by Phil
brook from the Levinson heirs he repre
sented, by the terms of which, had the
action instituted by him been successful,
the heirs would have come into posses
sion of about $10,000 and Philbrook would
have been enriched in the sum of between
$110,000 and $130,000. :
"And .when defeated in this action,"
said Mr. Pillsbury, "he wrote the: brief
for which he was disbarred. And it ts
evidence in this case, that some days.be
fore that brief «vas fll^d -with the- ijSupr.eme
Court it was placed in the hands^of -the
attorneys who opposed him and whom he
attacked in the brief, that if they saw
fit to prevent these charges being filed
among the public records they could make
a' monetary settlement with their tradu
cer. But they did not see fit ,to settle
with Philbrook -and the brief was filed,
and for the contemptuous language it con
tained he was disbarred."
Analyzes the Defense.
"Philbrook," said Pillsbury, ."is in my
opinion, incapable of .reasoning in accord
ance with sound and . established princi
ples. Every •; condition • that exists If op
posed to a condition advocated -by him is
straightway accepted as corrupt. And he
cares not at whom he aims his venomous
shafts. Of air the attacks which he has
made, there was none less justified than
that directed against Judge Coffay. If
'there Is a man who is above "suspicion,
whose eighteen ; years on the bench have
been passed without a cloud of suspicion
against him. It is Judge Coffey,- and I
dare say that if this plaintiff were to
leave this courtroom and make the
charges against Judge Coffey which h«
has- made in this court under the guise
that they were material to the issues at
bar.- there would be some one who would
hold him personally responsible and pun
ish him for his falsehood."
When Philbrook had concluded his open
ing argument, E. S. Pillsbury. represent
ing .Judge Paterson, rose and addressed
the ' jury. r His analysis of Phllbrook'a
character I was elaborate. He said that
though Supreme Court Justice; Henshaw
had .characterized Philbrook as the most
malignant, .evil-minded, man Mm earth,
there .was another element in his mental
construction that was apparent.
Pillsbury Argues. for Defense.
Philbrook opened his argument when
court convened for the afternoon sitting.
He frequently attacked the veracity of
Judge Paterson and the majority of those
¦who supported. him. Again he would com
pare himself to men who have become
illustrious through their genius and val
iant deeds and pointed out "that oft
times ' persecution j was . the reward of
righteousness." ¦
Philbrook then took the stand in rebut
tal and swore that he -was never greatly
excited; that he never walked the streets
talking: incoherently and gazing- up into
the heavens; as. alleged by Judge Pater
son, who was .corroborated by Attorney
J. C, Campbell and other witnesses. Mrs.
Philbrook also testified in behalf of her
husband, after which the case rested.
Robert Y.7. Hayne, J. • W. Goodwin,
Charles W. Slack and George E. Jackson
were called in behalf of the j defendant
yesterday morning.. Their evidence con
tradicted statements made by Philbroolt
during: thft. trial.
This afternoon the jury Impaneled to
try the action instituted by Horace W.
Philbrook against Van R. Paterson will
determine whether or not the plaintiff Is
entitled to judgment for $100,000 damages,
which he demands, or any other sum. j
Pillsbury Tells" Why Plaintiff
"Wrote Contemptuous
• Brief:
Action Against Van. R.
Paterson Nearing
Its Close.
PHILBROOK CASE
READY FOR JURY
The most powerful organization ever
formed on this coast was perfected yes
terday at a meeting held in the offices of
Goodall, Perkins &, Co. It has been
named the Steamship Managers' Associa
tion of San Francisco and includes every
steamship line of injjvrtance on the Pa
cific Among them are the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company, Occidental and Ori
ental Steamship Company, Toyo Klsen.
Kaisha, Oceanic Steamship Company, Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company, Panama
Rsilrcad steamship lino, Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company, Pacific Steam
Irrigation, company, Compania Sud
Arr.enca.na do Vapores, Kosmoa line,
American-Hawaiian Steamship Company,
Pacific Improvement Company, Progreso
Steamship Company, Oregro n Coal and
Navigation Company, Southern Pacific
Company, Robert l>ollar Steamship Com
pany and th« Charles Nelson Steamship
Company.
"When the meeting: was called to order
among those present were R. P.
tjebwerin, John D. Spreckels, Edwin
OoodaH, Captain C. Minor Qoodall, F. F.
Ccnnor, James Tj'Bon, Robert Dollar,
James Jerome, Captain John Metcalfe
ar.d 1J. H. Dlmond.
Schvrerin Elected Cliairmaja.
R. P. Schwerin was elected chairman
and F. F. Connor secretary. The ques
tion of co-operation and uniformity of
Action upon matters pertaining to the con
ouct of steamship business on the Pacific
Coast was discussed pro and con and a
definite understanding was reached.
"There is one thing that we will cer
tainly do," said one of the ship owners
.after the meeting-, "and that is protect
ourselves against the unreasonable de
mf>n<ls of other organizations. This is the
strongest combination of shipping Inter
ests «>ver formed on the coast, and we will
try 10 put steamshipping on an equitable
basis for every one concerned."
Another meeting of the new associa
tion will be held next week, when the
question of bringing in the lines with
headquarters on Puget Sound will be dis
cus-sod.
Combinations seem to be the order of
the day. The ship oyvners and steamship
men have joined issues and so also have
the. Sailors' Union of the Pacific and the
Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union.
On \\ ednesday last the shipping men held
a meeting in the Chamber of Commerce
tuad discussed a circular sent to every
chip owner in San Francisco. A commit
tee emposed of Robert Dollar and Cap
lain Charles Minor Goodall (steamships)
anrt W. H. Talbot and \V. E. Mlghell
bailing: ships) was appointed to confer
with the labor unions and see if an ami
cable understanding cannot be reached.
Demands of the Unions.
The circular as formulated by the Sail
nrs' Union and Marine Firemen's Union
Sp as follows*
To the Ship Owners of San Francisco. — Gen
tlemen: V't have the honor to sabm;. the
following draft of an agreement between the
Failors' Union of the Pacific, Pacific Coast
Marine Firemen's Union and Ship Owners of :
t^an Francisco, Cal.:
L Recognition of the Pallors' Union of the
Pacific and the Pacific Ooaet Marine Firemen's
Union — t. e.. employment of members of these
union* exclusively, under the wage schedules
tnd working; rules to be mutually agreed upon.
2. A nine-hour, workday fofkall sailors in all
vewwls in all |Sorts on the coast, with over
time pay for all extra work.
3. A nine-hour workday for all firemen in
ell ports en the coast in all steam-schooners
snd steam vessels where only two men are em
ployed, wjth overtime pay fpr all additional
time. . . .
4. Board-money of not less than sixty (60)
cents per day for seamen and . firemen in port,
where crews do not board on the vessel.
5. Scale of wares (for sailors):
STEAM VESSEL, RATES.
Coasting 6f earners? in freight and passen
ger trade, per month $45 00
Ovrrtime, per hour 40
(X!ne hours to constitute a day's
work. Two hours' notice shall, be
Riven and received by men leaving or
being discharged from these steamers.)
Eteam schooners trading to outside ports,
per month 50 00
Trading to Inside ports, per month '.. 45 00
Overtime, per hour 50
(Work performed on Sundays and
holidays on al! steam vessels to be
paid at "overtime" rates.)
SAILING VESSEL RATES.
Sailing vessels trading to outside ports,
per month ; 43 00
Overtime, per hour SO
• Work performed on Sundays and
holidays on sailing vesels trading to
outside ports to be paid at "overtime" 1
rates, from April 1 to October 1.)
Failing vessel* trading to inside ports of- -
the State of California, Oregon, Wash
ington, Alaska and British Columbia,
per month 40 00
Overtime, per hour 40
Sailing vessels sailing direct from any
port on the Pacific Coast of the United
States and British Columbia ¦ to the
Hawaiian Islands, per month 40 00
Falling direct to the Marquesas. Naviga
tor ar.d Society islands and Mexico, per
month 35 00
Failing vpsseli bound to Central America,
South America. China, Japan, Philippine
Issue of an Ultimatum by
the Sailors' and Fire
men's Unions
An Association Organ
ized for Protection
of Owners.
STEAMSHIP MEN
FORM COMBINE
ODD FELLOWS CELEBRATE FOUNDING
OF THE ORDER IN THE UNITED STATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli, SATUEDAY, APBIL 27, 1901. •
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL
POSTUM CEREAX.
.PacificCoasLSteamship Co.
fe NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with th« Company's New
and Splendid,
Steamship Senator
For Nome Direct.
Leaving SEATTLE May 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, belns one of the first to arrive there.
Iandln? all her passengers and freight without
loss, mlshao or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery Street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta..
10 Market Street.
NOBTBERN COMJIESCUL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael.
Eaillns Dates Approximate Only.
From Saa Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora" May 1 May 7.
"Conernansrh"...May 23 June 10.
"Portland" May 29 ....
"St. Paul"...— .-June 1 June 8.
•"Dora" will sail via Juneau. VaMe*. Kodtak,
TJnga and Unalaska.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to' • f
NORTHERN COMMERCIAI, CO..
• J19 Sansome Street, San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
>ndCIASUDA,VERICANA - E VAPO*E«
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf, 12 m.
PERU May.JfPALEXA May 39
GUATEMALA .May Ui LOA June 13
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (Nc*
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, .316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
COXPASHIX GENERALS TEAN3ATLANTI3U3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia -*jfc^.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <fi*7czy>
Saturday, at 10. a. m.. from Pier 42, -^"W»««S
Xortb River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, $35 and upward. Second class - to
Havre, (45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello," - • .
MON., TUES.. WED.', THUR3. AND" SAT!. . '
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15, 8:SO p. m. <except- Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.' l
10:30 a. m.. 8 P. m.* Landing and of flee. - Mis-
elon-st. Dock. Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1508. -
If the reader has ever failed to make
Postum satisfactorily, it will be found
that to allow it to boll 15 minutes after
boiling commences will solve the prob-
lem, as !t must be so boiled to extract
taste, color and food value. It Is the only
original Food Coffee with- a- pleasant
coffee flavor. Many imitations of Post-
um are now upon the market. The only
palatable ones thus far tested prove to
be made of a low grade of coffee, and
some other articles, notwithstanding the
loud claims that they are "pure." •'• "'
Postum aids digestion without drug-
ping, and furnishes a concentrated liquid
food. as well aus a most delicious morning
Coffee.
Why does the dismissal of Coffee and
the use of Postum bring help? Experi-
ments In artificial digestion show clearly
to the scientific investigator that coffee
arrests digestion, and, according to one
authority, allows only 61 per cent of the
food to be digested. That strikes at the
very keystone to the arch of health.
Failure in digestion means lack of good
blood, and therefore a lack of food for
the nerve centers. As the nerves control
the organs of the entire body, one can
readily understand that a disorganized
nervous eystcm may show effect in any
part of the body. Therefore, a removal
of the cause will allow nature to right
herself. A powerful assistant to nature
is Postum Cereal Food Coffee, composed
of the albumen, phosphates, gluten, etc.,
from which nature builds In the delicate
tissues of the nerves.
Look carefully Into the state of health
of the Individual who knows that "coffee
don't hurt me," and you are almost sure
to find some form of physical all or func-
tional disturbance— perhaps muddy com-
plexion, or weak eyes. Incipient heart
failure, kidney trouble, liver or bowel
disorders, cr come form of weakness that
fhotvs plainly enough by the cry for re-
lief eent up from some organ of the body.
Some famous brain workers have made
a welcome discovery along the line of re-
covery of health by the proper selection
of fo9<3. Several were of the "Coffee-
never-hurt-me" kind, but, as an experi-
ment, tried leaving it off ten days, and
the use of Postum Cereal Food Coffee In
Its place. A definite and decided im-
provement in health Is practically certain
to attend such a change.
EXAMINE THEM.
The "Coffee-Never-Hurt-Me" People.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
•^ Steamers leave Broadway
fl*jt ' wharf, San Francisco:
IWra^it • For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
WMSs&i A P r)1 21 - 26 ' May 1. Change to
ViIP <^te*^'''3k Company's steamers at Se-
Ml ffiK^StH \Xl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
11 Iisi«£«ffiiw*fil C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
J /^^cEMlEKU Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
' ¦^SHSi and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
~*"**11 a. tn.. April 81. 26. May land
every fifth day thereafter. Change at Seattle
for this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
N. . By. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt ' Bay— 2 p. m., April
18 23 26 May 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port I<os Ansrelea and Redondo (Los An-
eeles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a.-m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Ranta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
p.U o an pedro (Los Anjreles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia end Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
'"For 'further Information obtain company* •
The -company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and ho«rs of sailing
OFFICE —A .New Montgomery
street /Palace Hotel>. • . ¦ . - • -
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
i points East. . Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
. LOWEST . RATES !
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
69 COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS. GKO. W. ELDER. Sails Apr. 8. IS, 28. May t
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
• . 1 Montgomery st.. 8. F. •
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. t0SD05. PABI8.
Stopping at ' Cherbourg, westbound. "
From New Tork. Every Wednesday. 10a. m. :
St; Paul. ...... ...May 8! St. Paul....: May »
St. Louis.. .j,. — MaylS'St. Louis..... — June S
New York May 22 New York June; 12
¦ -RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Fr»m New York Every Wednesdey, 13 noon.
Frlesland ...May 8 Kensington .....May 29
Southwark ......May 15 Zealand .June 5
Pennland May 22 Frlesland .......June 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
pceaaic\5.io. kksj
SS. MARIPOSA.(HonMuIu only)
_i ....'. Saturday. April 27. t p.m.
BS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..........
............... ..Sunday, April 28, 4 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
. Zealand and Australia.-.
....Thursday, - May 9, 10 a. m."
I D.SPREMEIS k EROS. CO., Genera! Agents. 327 Kaitst St
Sffl'l Paaangsr Bf&a, 643 Marfcet St.. Pisr la. 7, Pacific St
KOS^OS LINE.
Regular sailings for Valparaiso and-Hamburg
via Mexican ports. Central, South America, etc.
... TANlS SAILS ABOUT APRIL 30. 190L
•. ' ; J. D. SPRECKEL3 & BROS. CO..
General Agents, 327 Market st.
Passenger and Ticket Orflce. .843 Market St.,
- - San Francisco.
OCEAN TaAVEL.
$500flREWARD.^s l r«a
VVVVW city Bank of Lynn, $5CCO, -which
¦will be paid to any per son -who can find that
the above testimonial letters are sot genu-
ine, or were published before obtaining the
-writer's special permission.
Lydia E. Pkkham MxDicisrs Co.
•' For two years I suffered from
nervous prostration, the result of
female weakness. I had leucorrhoea
very badly, and at time of menstrua-
tion would be obliged to go to bed.
Also suffered with headaches, ¦ pain
across back, and in lower part of
abdomen. I was so discouraged. I
had read of Lydia E. Pinkham's Com-
pound,' and Concluded to give it a trial.
I wrote toMrs. Pinkham, and received
a very nice letter in return. I began
at once the use of her Vegetable Com-
pound and Blood Purifier, and am now
feeling splendid. I ha^e no more pain
at monthly periods, can do my own
work, and have, gained ten' pounds. I
would not be without your Vegetable
Compound. It is a splendid medicine.
I am very thankful for what ithas done
for me." — Mrs. J. W.. J., 76 Carolina
Ave.,' Jamaica Plain, Mass.
® If Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will cure these women — why
not you — you cannot tell until yon try it.* If you are ill, and really want to
get well, commence its use at once, and do not let any drug clerk persuade you
that he has something of his own which is better, for that is absurd. Ask
him to produce the evidence we do.
more of your medicine instead of
going to the doctors, they would bo
better off. The Compound has also
cured my husband of kidney trouble."
Mbs. Maijei. Gooket,
Box 160. Mechanic Falls, Maine.
NERVOUS PROSTRATION.
"Deab Mes. Petkham : — I waa
troubled very badly with inflamma-
tion" of the bladder, was sick in bed
with it. I had two doctors; but they
did me no good. A friend gave me
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and it helped me. I have now
taken three bottles of it, and I am
entirely cured. It is a God-send to
any woman, and I would rfeco.*imend it
to any one suffering as I was. I think,
if most of the women -would take
ORGANIC INFLAMMATION.
After yea^s of struggle to attain and merit public confidence, with a firm
1 and steadfast belief that some day others would recognize in us the truth,
good faith, and honesty of purpose which we know we possess, what a genu-
ine satisfaction it is to succeed, and to realize the uplifting influence of the
merited confidence of a vast army of our fellow beings. \- « V :
Thus stands the Pinkham name in New England, and all over America,
and nowhere is the faith in Lydia E. Pinkham's vegetable Compound greater
/than in New England, its home. Merit, and merit alone, can gain this.
PAINFUL PERIODS.
"I cannot help but feel that it Is
my duty to do something in regard to
recommending your wonderful medi-
s^ cine. I must say it
fT <2^y§P>Nsil^V * s *k° grandest
C o\3i »l medicine on earth,
\vK '®^©FJ a great many suf-
} \i J^Jit *% fering with, female
Jf \ /y / .0 troubles to take it.
V? /ol '**"/ tSs 1 teU P^P 16 I wian
%tr Craaafcs^Jah 1 could go on the
S^^&?3Bi3>f2 platform and lec-
>^WfSS§^ture on it.
"My trouble was
-"^'"^ painful menstrua-
ation. The suffering I endured pen
cannot describe. I was treated by
one of our most prominent physicians
here for five months, and found myself
06111110; "worse instead of better. At
the end of the fifth month ha told me
he had done all he could for me, and
that I had better go to the hospital.
•' My sister advised me to try your
Vegetable Compound, as it cured her
of backache. I did so, and took it
faithfully, and am now cured of my
trouble, and in perfect health, many
thanks to your medicine. I cannot
praise it enough, and would recom-
mend it to all who suffer from any
female •weakness." — Mbs.H. S. Baix,
461 Orchard St., New Haven, Conn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have an Abiding Faith in Lydia E.
PinkJiani's Vegetable Compound
NEVER ARISE
Over the quality of our laundry work, or
over the fact of our full domestic finish
being the proper I thing - for full-dress
shirts. • . . - ' •¦ '
'¦ Another point— we obtain this finish with
-.„-. — „,. or ,.,. n ,, r Hnen.'thus giving It a
longer lease of life. Of cpurse. if you want
to experiment elsewhere," you're at liberty
to do so, but you'll be satisfied here first,
last and always. "' ¦•.; ¦ .
UNITE.. STA i-S LAUNDRY
Office . O4- ./larket Street,
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54 Sari Pablo Av».
OCEAN TEAVEi: '
TOYpISEN KAISlL
STEAMERS • WILL LEAVE • WHARi", COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.;
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with; steamers for
India,' etc No cargo received on. board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU. ...... .Friday. May 3, 1901
BS. AMERICA iMARU.. Wednesday, May 29, 1901
6S. HONGKONG MARU.. Saturday. June 22, 1901
-.Round-trip tickets, at reduced .rates.- For
freight and passage apply at company's- office,
421 • Market street, corner First. • •
... - W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
. HAMBURG- AMERICAN i iflNE. ~ -«
,Twln-Screw. Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
DEUTSCHLAND .....MAY- 18, 2 p. m.
•Columbia ........May 2| A Victoria...". ...May 23
•F.' Bismarck.. .... May 9[Columbia .......May 30
Twin-Screw Passengar Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
"Waldersee .......May 4 Pennsylvania ...May 18
•Batavla *. May 11 Pretoria May 25
- •.-',' 'For Hamburg: direct. • '-"
Hamburg-Amerlcao.Llne,' 37 B'way, N. Y,
HSRZOG '& CO.'. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. . 401 California : street. .
PANAMA R, R, ?^
TO NEW YORK. VIA PANAMA .DIRECT.
: Cabin. : $103; Steerage. $40. ;;
S:S. Argyll sails Saturday, May II
S. S. — — — .' sails Monday, May - 2O
S. S. Leelanaw sails Nlonxiay, ;' June 3
', : From Harrison-st. Wharf, 2 p. m.
l Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st. ;
¦ i F. ,F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.-STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Gas and Electric' continued the active stock
on the morning session of the Bond Exchange
and declined still further -to $37. recovering to
$37 75. The decline Is said to be due to a
reduction of 8c in its monthly dividends for
Bradstreefs Financial Review*.
NEW YORK. April 26.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review will .say to-morrow: Strength,
activity and irregularity, " all on » an • exagger
ated scale,-. have rendered. this week one of the
most interesting from a speculative standpoint
which the bull market has yet exhibited. . New
and fairly surprising price . records have been
made . in a number of representative '¦ railroad
stocks. These movements have been , marked
CHICAGO, April 25.— Wheat opened for, May
at , vsc I to %c hisher. at 73c to 73%c .under , a
rush of buying orders, occasioned by a sharp
advance at Liverpool. and the good cash busi
ness done yesterday. Trade for an hour | was
well distributed and prices changed but little.
Later the ' liberality of : receipts and
of the cash' demand created weakness . which
was intensified by the unloading of a Ion? line
of half a million. .' May in this "wise . was
forced. back to'72%c. Buyers, influenced'some
what by rumors of sales taken in German in
terests, regained confidence later and the mar
ket reacted, -closing firm with. May %c higher
at He. : - ¦ ¦' . . ' : ' ' . ¦ ." ¦ ¦
Corn started without any abatement of • pre
vious excitement, with buyers and sellers for
May • delivery simultaneously trading at from
Chicago Grain Market.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is no further change to .report. Bran
' California Flour has advanced 15c per barrel.
Northern grades stand about . the . same. .
FLQUR— California Family Extras, $3 40@3 65,
usual terms; ' Bakers' Extras, $3 30@3 40; Ore
gon, $2 58® 2 75 per! barrel for family and $2 73@
3 for bakers'; Washington bakers'. $2 75@3. ; ._
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks • are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade:. Graham
Flour, ?3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny, . $3 50(53 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4S4 23;
Cracked Wheat. '$3 50: - Farina, $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $S 10
@7 60; in sacks. $3 75^7 25; Pearl Barley, $3;
Split Peas, $3; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal ¦ Session — 9:15 o'clock — December — 1000
ctls, 81M;C. . ; ¦ ' i
Second Session— December— S0O0 ctls, S2c; 6000,
S^'/tc; 4000, ¦ 82%c; 2000, S3c; 2000, 82*4c. .
Regular Morning Session — December — 6000 ctls '
S2<jic; 2000, 82%e. ' <-....
Afternoon Session — Decembei- — 1000 ctls, 82%c;
4000, S2',ic; 4000, 82c; 10,000, 82*ic; 4000, 82%c
OATS— Prices stand the same, I with holders
very firm, but the demand at the moment is
light. • White. 5137*4(5150: Surprise, nominal;
Red, $132U@1 43: Black, $1 17%@1 27>,i per ctl.
1 All . descriptions are quotable at ?1 20@l 25 per
ctl, with nothing of consequence offering.
¦CRYE— S0(gS2"^c per ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 63@1 70 per
ctl, ex-warehouse. ...
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May — 1000 ctls,
?103.
Second Session— December— 4000 ctls, $1 0S%;
6C00, 51 08% ; 6000, $109; 4C00, ?109*i; SOCO, $109*4.
Regular Morning Session— December—10,000,
?109; 14,000, - $1 08%. May— 2000, $103*4; 2000,
$103%. ¦
Afternoon Session — December — 24,000 ctls,
$108%; 4000, $108*4; 12,000, $108%. May— 2000,
$103%; 2000, $103%.. -;
BARLEY — The market continues to advance
as the possible rain hinted at about every other
day by the Weather Bureau never appears.
Feed, S2V2@85c ¦ for No. 1 and 80c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 87*^290c;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
• Chicago was firm, with some improvement in
the demand. Primary receipts were 3S8.O00
bushels, against 444,000 last year. Minneapo
lis reported an expected decrease In stocks for
the week of about 350,000 bushels. Eastern mil
lers were reported buying in St. Louis.
This market' was very strong on the ' spot
and.hijrher on call, y ¦; -
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 02*/4@l 03%; milling,
$1 05@l C7*,i per ctl.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris continued firm,
with a slight advance . in futures. Argentine
shipments, for the week were 1,352,000 bushels,
against 2,072,000 last year.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Silver is higher again, and sterling exchange
is a fraction firmer.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.. — J4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 89
Sterling Cables ¦ — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 15
Silver, ¦ per ounce — 60^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49V4 @ 60
Exchange and Bullion^.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese remain as before,
all bains plentiful.
Meats and Poultry also stand aa they were
quoted last week. The supply of Hens is large
at the moment, i but young fowl are rather
scarce. There Is little variation in Fish.
Cherries and Strawberries are coming in
right along, but the former are still dear and
the litter are none 'too cheap. New Onions
are also being received.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @12 CO I Southfield
Wellington.. (§1100 Wellington ©11 CO
Seattle, 9 00® ICoos Bay.... — — <§ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.35<W45 Ranch Kggs, per
Do, good 23*J:JO dozen 17(320
Cheese. Cal 12#15 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. .17@20 pound IT'320
Cheese, Swiss 20S25 Do. extracted... 10® 12
Common Eggs lo©17
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50<@60 Turkeys, per ib.. 17© ->o
Youns Roosters. Ducks, each ....Tocfil
each 73<fj83 3eess, each.. .11 50©l 75
Old Roosters. ea..50®10 Pigeons, pair SO^f.O
Fryers, each 50@C5 Rabbits, pair 40®—
Broilers, each.....35@;i0lHare, each — @2rt
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 13@1S Round Steak 10ft—
Beef, choice 12@15 Sirloin Steak.... 12' 3^—
Do. good lOi© — Tenderloin, do iZ$—
Corned Beef 1001 — Porterhouse, do-17UVi)
Ham — ©15 Smoked Beef 2'"&.—
Lard — @15 Pork, salt lO®:^
Mutton — #!2|Pork Chops lofflH
Lamb -®1J Pork Sausages.. M^fiVt
Pork, fresh. -LVy — IVeal 129—
Frult3 and Nuts —
Almonds 15@20 1 Lemons, doz 15f*23
Apples SQlSlRaspberries, bskt.— @W
Bananas, doz 10@?0i Raisins, per lb... S@15
Blackberries, bsk. — @25i Strawberries, per
Cherries. t>er lb... 20030) basket 10fl3
Oranges, &oz 15@35i Walnuts, per lb...lo@20
Limes, per doz...— @15|
Vegetables — •
Asparagus, per lb. 5© 8 Okra, dried, lb...—^35
Artichokes, doz...23@40 Peppers, per Ib... 20^50
Beets, dos 10<a— Potatoes, per lb.. 2tf -
Beans, white, lb.l2Vj#— New, do S® 3
Colored, per lb..l0#— Rhubarb, per lb.. 5@—
Dried Lima. lb.. *# 8 Sweet Potatoes, lb 3®—
Cabbage, each afi — j Parsnips, per dz.l0@—
Cauliflowers, each S 1 ® — Radlshes.da bchs.l3@20
Celery, head 5@— !Sage, doz bnch3..25'g30
Cress, doz bnchB.15«|.^0 String Beana, lb..l0@li
Cueumbers,dz.35cgll 25!Suinmer Squash,
Egg Plant, lb 20®2.v per lb 12JJU
Green Peas, lb 4® 8 Sprouts, ser lb — ft —
Lettuce, per doz-.13i!?20: Spinach, per lb... 3(3 —
Onions. r>er lb *G »]Thyme, doz bchs.23K3>
New Onions — r <P 3 j Turnips, per doz..lO(i> -
Green, per doz—.l-^WiTomatoes. cer lb.lO£>15
Leeks, per doz 15(g20i ;-, ¦;' ¦
Fish-
Barracuda 1'C— 3triped Bass....l2%C»—
Carp V§— Sea Bass — @ —
Catfish *2— Smelts I5g»—
Codfish j2v«1j Soles .-..12*^—
Flounders *«JV> j Skates, each 8<??U>
Halibut 10f«13|3quld 12%{?—
Herring --«- Tomcod — frlO
Mackerel — fO— ( Turbot _^-_
Do, horse l."v'/^0i Trout 40® —
Perch 10«a)jWhlte2sh 1(K3—
Pompino 511* - Clam3. gallon 5C"i! —
Rockflsh I5fff— Do. hardshell. lt> fill
salmon, fresh 1.VSS2O Crabs, each lSa^O
Do. smoked I-???*) Mussels, riuart iftV)
Shrimps '¦•'910 Oysters. Cal. 100.. ('«:')
3had S#10 Do. Eastern, dz.23240
15 50.
Glasgow warrants closed at 54s Sd and Mid
dlesboro at 45s 10%d.
NEW- YORK, April 26.— A sharp break In
tin occurred in the local market for metals
to-day. Offerings of spot at the opening were
quite liberal under . continued heavy arrivals
and in view of the fact that the statistical
position -.fails to vary from the bullish condi
tion. During the day prices dropped 50 points
on t-pot, helped somewhat by, a reaction .in
London, a loss of 7s 6d being reported In that
market with the close weak at £117 10s and
futures £114.173 6d. v The close was weak at
$25 EOiffJo 75 on spot. Copper | at London fur
ther declined 12s- 6d under liquidation, • closing
weak at £63 lls Id, and at . £70 11s, for spot
and futures. The market here was tolerably
steady with changing quotations. Pig .. lead
was quiet, but about steady at unchanged
prices. In London a loss of Is 3d was noted
to $12 3s 9d. Spelter ruled quite featureless,
but had a steady -undertone on the basis 1 of
$4@4 05 for spot. Foundry iron' ruled <iuiet
and easy, with prices in favor of buyers, but
without any demand. Piglron warrants. S3 50
(310 50: -Northern founry, $15 25@16 50; Southern
foundry, $14@15 50, and ' soft Southern; $13©
New .York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, . April 26.— Evaporated apples,
quiet. State common, 3@4c; prime,' 4*^@4%c;
choice, e^o^ic; fancy, 4©6c. ' .
California dried fruits, steady.-
PRUNES— 3*4@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; jj Moorpark, 8*4
@13c. .
PEACHES— Peeled, 12*£@20c; unpceled, 6*A
@10c, .
* ¦ : : . . — •*
NEW YORK, April 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,395; exports, 3872. Very firm.
WHEAT— Receipts.' 43;700. "Spot, firm; No. 2
red, 83%c f. o. b. afloat and 81*4c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 89%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 91%c t. o. b. afloat. Options
opened firm and were _, well sustained all the
early part of the day on strong continental
and European cables. Closed firm. W^^c net
advance. May, S0%©SO 13-16c; closed 80%c;
July. 78%@79%c;' closed, 79HC
HOPS-Steady. ¦ •
HIDES— Steady
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady with net
unchanged to 6 points lower. Total sales,
57,750 bags: May, 5.10c; June. 5.15c; Septem
ber, 5.40<f? 5.45c; October. 5.45@5.50c; December,
5.65@5.70c; January, 5.70c; March, 5.85@5.90c.
Spot coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, 6%c.
Mild, dull; Cordova, Sii@12*,£c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refining, 3 ll-16c; centri
fugal, 96 'test, 4Vic; molasses sugar, 3 7-16®
3%c: refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4832 packs tres/ Steady.
Creamery, 15@20c; factory, ll@13%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 11,954 packages. Dull.
Western, regular packed, 13@14c; storage, 14«
@14V4c. - / • .
NEW YORK. April 26.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
April 25, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentages.
Cities — Amount. . Inc. Dec.
New York...'. .$2,201,516,701 103.0
Boston 145,909,813 7.9 ....
Chicago 137.190,607 5.2
Philadelphia 115,474,018 21.3 -....
St. Ix>uis 40,052,921 26.3 ' ....
Pittsburg 50,315,936 25.8
Baltimore 27,957,641 7.9
San. Francisco 20.927.3S7 34.8 ;...
Cincinnati 18,077,550 25.0
Kansas City 17,501,315 10.5 ....
Minneapolis" 8,682,331
Detroit 10,538.242 20.7
Cleveland 11,464,462 . 18.5
Louisville 8.857,000 10.8
Providence 6,578,800 7.8
Milwaukee 5,369.155 B.2
St. Paul 4,425,858 .... 6.2
Buffalo ¦ 6,032,333 30.5
Omaha .'.: 5,924,004. 12.2 .....
Indianapolis 6,397,55o -20.3
Columbus, Ohio.... 5,804,900 19.6 ....
Bloomington, 111... 257,602 • . ....
Savannah 3,145,562 ....
Denver 4.670.S12 18.6 ,¦....
Hartford 2,572,008 21.2 ....
Richmond " 3,941,860 25.2
Memphis 2,516,871 .... 16.8
Washington 2,595,461 6.2
Peoria 2,126.742 19.3
Rochester 2.303,815 6.2
New Haven 1.363.288 4.9 • ....
Worcester 1,521,984 1.5
Atlanta 1,945,274 64. 7
Salt Lake City 2,464.122 34.0
Sprlnsfleld. Mass.. 1,853.870 7.5. ....
Fort Worth 2,294,568 52.5
Portland, Me ¦ 1,263.499 26.4 ....
Portland, Or. 1,901,404 13.9 ¦ ....
St. Joseph 4,539,749 2.1'
Los Angeles ' 3,253,318 47.8.
Norfolk 1,224.278 23.9
Syracuse 1,122,211 9.7 ...-.
Pes Moines 1,421,090 .... 15.5
Nashville 1,258,765 .... 15.1
Wilmington, Del... 879,421 7.2
Fall River 6G4.600 . 24.2
Scranton -1,291.749 " 4.8
Grand Rapids 1,287.250 10.3 ....
Augusta, Ga . 1,237,591 SS.5
Lowell / 544.839 - 8.5
Dayton 1,118,740 " 1.0
Seattle 2,313.950 -, 12.3
Tacoma 1,143,452 ¦ 21.9
Spokane 973,415 3.0
Sioux City 1.532,538 14.8
New Bedford 419.179 14.4
Knoxvllle, Tenn.... 5S6.031 11.6 ....'
Topeka .". . S04.S12 ¦¦¦ 68.3 ' ....
Birmingham 856,418 11. 0 ! ....
Wicliita ' £65,525 11.8
Binghamton 339,100 .... 17.7
: Jacksonville, 111.... 160,337 17.5 ....
Lexington. Ky 468,273 13.3 '....
Jacksonville, Fla.. 255,864 20.8
Kalamazoo 410,157 3.7
Akron 564,900 4S.7
: Chattanooga , 395,493 ..*.
Rockford, 111 282,723 9.0 -
Canton. Ohio 264,000 3.1
Springfield, ¦ Ohio... 258.S34 , 3.7
Fargo, N. D > 264,761 6.4
Sioux Falls. S. D.. .216.390 36.7 ..;.
Fremont. Nebr 107.149 16.4 ....
Davenport S3S.426 21.0
Toledo 1.622.030 3.4
Galveston 6,900,000 . 27.2
Houston V..V.V. 8.149,560 32.7 • ....
Colorado Springs... S1S.6S4 .... ....
Helena, Mont 552.557 2.5
Little Rock 553,521 , 24.5 '....
Springfield, 111...... SS7.145 ' 9.1
Macon. Ga....- . 678,000 66.9 " ....
Wheeling. W.-Va.. 501.40S .... ....
Youngstown 414,291 44.2 "....
Kvansville 741,865 .... 16.7
Chester, Pa 324,955 -
Totals* U.S.... $2,934,897, 46S ~ ffiTi 7777
Totals outside of
New York 733.3S0.761 13.2
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal .' T15.616.19S 13.4 ..„
Toronto 11,102,730 18.5
Winnipeg 1,681,869 : 1.2 ....'
Halifax 1,439,796 8.7 ....
Hamilton 718,336 .... 6.2
St. John. N. B 793,070 22.9 ....
"Vancouver S63.950 . - 14.4
Victoria, B. C...... . C50.062 . . 41.9. .....
Totals- J32.SS6.20S 13.3 . ....
1 he fa-.-t that the foreigt. exchange houses al
lowed the day to pass without the expected
engagement of further gold for export was an
influsnee In the firmnjos of the market.
The railroad bond market continued strong,
with the Union Pacific convertible bonds still
vtry prominent. Total sales, par value, $6,
74O.OOO.
I nited States refunding 2s advanced % per
cent on the last call.
Sales on the New Tork Stock Exchange for
the five days this week during which the ex
change was open for business aggregate 3,960,
!«*> shares, compared with last week's sales of
IO.lfa.4t/) shares, which "broke all previous rec
orufi fcr a full week's business. On Monday
of this week the sales of all stocks reached
an aggregate of 2.3S2.530 shares, exceeding by
seveial hundred thousand shares the previous
record for one day's business. On three out of
the five days this week the pales have ex
ceeded two million shares. On Wednesday
the pales of ¦ Union Pacific alone were 062.800
ehares, far exceeding a day's sales of a Bln-
Kl; rtock in the history of the stock exchange.
On Tuesday there were passed through the
New Ycrk clearing-house checks representing
exchanges of J54e,:i37,15. ! >, which is more than
a hundred lr.illii.n dollars greater than any
previous day's clearances.
The statement of these facts gives an idea
of «he immense speculation in 6tocks. but it
ccnvi-ys only a »".ight Idea of- the state of
leverish excitement among speculators. The
fpsculation has been decidedly nervous at
tir.iec, owing to the sharp breaks In prices of
fine of the most active stocks. Trie failure
of the general market on Wednesday to re
spond to the phenomenal strength and con
tinued demand for Union Pacific, especially
caused uneasiness and a dread lest the power
ful pools of millionaires who have been cred
ited with the leadership of the bull market
had been selling their holdings under cover of
the movement in Union Pacific to take their
profits, but the buying on recessiens was so
constantly renewed and the market's ab
porptlv« power proved so powerful that the
e>sire to sell was checked and the prices
t'irned upward with th? result that hear cper
etors who had 6old short early in the week
were driven to cover and their urgent demand
helped prices on the rebound. The principal
caufe of the occasional disquietude in the
market was the fear of Impairment of money
market resources, -which might restrict the
liberal credits which are the fostering cause
of the continued speculative buying. When it
became known that subscriptions Were in
vited In New York to the new issue of British
consols and were being received on a large
scale and when announcements were made c,t
rold exports, the fear was engendered that in
roads upon banking reserves thus threatened
would before long force bankers to call loans
to protect their surplus. There was. in fact,
a good deal of calling of loans by banks early
in the week, which was offset by large effer
ingre on account of . interior banking institu
tions. These offerings might either be the
cause or the effect of the calling of loans by
New York banks. The higher money rate is
the attraction for Interior banks to lend
rnorey on the stock exchange, but they draw
'on their New York deposits for the funds.
The loans thus placed may be redeposited in
ut bank, but tlie effect is to necessitate the
NEW YORK. Ap'.rl 26.— To-day's stock mar
kft was decidedly mo'c quiet and orderly than
in any day during the week. There were a
few stocks which showed positive strength
practically witnout interruption all day and
ther? were no points of acute weakness nor
eny period of a general disposition to sell, ex
rept fcr the opening dip in Amalgamated Cop
r*r and American Sn:elting. due to the legal
measures taken to frustrate the absorption of
other properties contemplated by those com
panies. Owing to to-morrow's holiday on ac
count of the removal of the boardroom ap
paratus from the present building to the tem
r»oraiy quarters in the Produce Exchange
there was a disposition to curtail speculative
ventures and to close up accounts. From the
firm trr.dency of the market it looked as
though the bears wore the ones who were most
inclined to cover their contracts. The bulls
v.-*re net aggressive, out their attacks seemed
crsipn^d either to protect the market or hold
pricts firm. There was some confusion about
the b- ardroom owing to the preparations for
t:ie moving and this in itself had the effect
of Jpsseniiig the trading. The principal strength
in the market persisted in about the same
quarters as for some time past, namely, in
tlie grangers and Pacifies. Northern Pacific
was moit largely deait in and rose an ex
treme %, but Burlington advanced 2Vi to a
if-cord price. Rock Island rose 2% and North
western 4*4. Pennpyhania, selling ex rights
and Baltimore and Ohio continued strong.
I'nion Pacific was not as active as on previous
days of tlie week and there was large realiz
ing going on in it all day. but the stock was
held above last night during the greater part
Ot the <Jay, although it closed a shade off.
Among the specialties Sugar rose 3%, Tobacco
2%, Colorado Fuel 3Vs, General Electric 3*4,
New Ycrk Air Crake 10 points and a number
cf other specialties from 1 to 2 points. The
O^lorado and Southern stocks were notably
rtrong at advances of Z-*<a2\~i. The confidence
that to-nicrrow's bank statement will make a
ttronjt shoeing ftad much to do with sustain
ing the market. The leceipts of cash from
the ir.tvrior hav<» offset to a large extent the
absorption by the sub-treasury including the
liaymfnts for the goIJ exported so that It is
expected that the l-ai.ks will not lose more
than half a million dollars on the week on all
accounts. Next week the money market will
I'-avc the benefit of the payment of the May 1
interest. which amounts to about $2,500,000.
Nav York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Wool is fairly steady, and this is the best
that can be said. Eastern markets are quiet
with light demand from the mills, c There is
less disposition to secure raw material in ad
vance on needs, although much faith is ex
pressed regarding the stability of prices. Re
ports from- many correspondents In the chief
sheep raising States indicate that a larger
clip than last year may be expected and that
the conditions are satisfactory. Gre-wers are
slow to make contracts at the present level
of prices, but a large percentage of the old
crop carried over and heavy stocks at the
East give little encouragement to hope for
higher prices until demand for manufactured
good3 shows material improvement. '
Failures for the week" number 215 in the
United States, against 204 last year, and 26
in Canada, against 22 last year.
After a prolonged period of waiting for defi
nite crop news the cereal markets suddenly
awoke to unusual activity. Much of the In
creased trading and sharp advance in . prices
resulted from clever manipulation by a single
Western speculator, who compelled the short
contingent to cover May corn contracts at the
highest prices of the season. Wheat has risen
sharply, partly in sympathy with corn, but
there was bad news regarding- ' the German
crop and some damage occurred at the -"West.
NEW TORK, April 26.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade -to-morrow will say:
Business continues brisk for the season in the
face of some drawbacks, which at times might
cause marked hesitation. Chief these is the
floods in many directions,- which have inter
fered with railroad operations and interrupt
ed the distribution of merchandise, and the
weather all over the East has been adverse
to an increase of retail trade. - Bank clear
ings, however, show that while speculation
has been heavy there must have been a well
sustained volume of legitimate business. Rail
road earnings make encouraging gains. Re
ports from the interior show special strength
in conditions through Missouri, Kansas and
Ohio, and the future Is full of promise, unless
there is misfortune with the crops.
Much unfavorable comment has appeared
regarding the advance in steel rails to ?28.
Yet the change is only in keeping with re
cent increases in prices of piglron and billets.
Nominal quotations for many products of iron
and steel have long been disregarded in con
tracts calling for early delivery, and list
prices are generally moving up to a repre
sentative level. On new business or export or
ders it is not unreasonable to make prices for.
rails on a parity with other products of this
industry. It is reported from PIttsburg that
mills are not crowded by demand to the ex
tent noticed in 1899, but productive capacity
has largely expanded.
The jiref5ure is beginning to fall oft Cali
fornia, and will probably fall rapidly Saturday
en the Oregon and Washington coast. Con
ditirpfi are elowlj- making for rain over Central
and Northern California.
The temperature has fallen more than 20
degrees over Northern Utah. West of the
Fierra there has been but little change. The
wealhrr will be warmer generally on the coast
fcr the next forty-eight hours.
No rain has fallen south of Portland.
ForecsFt n;a<lo at San Francisco for thirty
hours- ondinp midnight April 27:
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday, with
Kent showers Saturday afternoon in extreme
northern portion; light . northerly changing
to southeasterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; fresh
Eoottawcst winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday; warmer; light
northerly winds.
ru.h— Fair; warmer Saturday; light northerly
windE. X •
Arizcna— Cloudy Saturday; light southerl>
winds.
San Francisco end vicinity— Cloudy Saturday;
ligrnt westerly changing to southerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
fcan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
T': minimum, 45; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CORN — Spot, ; firm ; : American mixed, new, 4s
5d; do, old, 4s .5%d. Futures quiet; May, 4s
2%d; July, 4s %d; September, 4s. %d.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 5s ll%d; No. 1 Northern, spring, 6s l%d;
No. 1 California, 6s 2d. Futures steady; May,
5s 10%d; July, 6s ll%d.'"
LIVERPOOL. April 26.— Wheat firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s.. 2d@6s 2%d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour -. in Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-22d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 26.— Consols, 94 1-16; silver,
27%d; French rentes, iOlf 57%c. "Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady ;~ cargoes No. 1
Standar-1 California, 29s 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s 6d.
PORTLAND, April 28.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 26.— Wheat— Quiet and
steady; Bluestem, 60%c; Club, B8c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., April 26.— Clearings, $309,
390; balances, $58,486.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 26.— Cotton closed steady,
with prices 3 points higher to 1 point lower.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000; steady; lambs,
stronger. Colorados, $5 30; good to choice
wethers, $4 65@4 90; fair to choice mixed, J4 30
@4 65; 'Western sheep, $4 65@4 90; Texas year
lings', $4 65@4 90; native lambs, $4 50@5 30;
Western lambs, '?4 70@5 30. ,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
1S,000; left "over, estimated 1500. Opened weak,
closed strong; active, top, $6 05. Mixed and
butchers', $5 75@6; good to choice heavy, $5 80
@6 05; rough heavy. $5 65@5 75; light, ?5 70®
5 95; bulk of sales, $5 9C@5 95.
CHICAGO, : April 26.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2000; generally steady, except canners", weak.
Good to prime steers, $5@6; poor to medium.
$3 90@4 95; stockers and feeders, $2 80@4 90;
cows, ?2 70@4 60; heifers, $2 75@4 85; canners,
?2@2 60: bulls, $2 95@4 50; calves, firm; $4@5 25;
Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 40; Texas gras3 steers,
$3 50@4; Texas bulls, $ 2 75@4.
Chicago Livestock' Market.
-LIVERPOOL. '
Wheat— • . .:¦ ' May. ' July.
Opening 5 9% 6 10*4
Closing 6 10% 6 lUi
PARIS. ;
' Wheat— . April. - May.-Aug.
Opening 18 75 19 45
Closing 18 75 19 60
• Flour— , • •
Opening 23 75 24 40
Closing '. , 23 75- 24 50
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<aat<». ct compared with those of same date
latt «;?.son, and rainfall in the last twenty
tcar hours:
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 26—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
shifting of loans, which has a disturbing «f
i feet. The falling off in the offerings of bonds
for redemption at the subtreasury and in the
payment by that institution on account of pen
sions resulted In a renewed absorption by it
of money from the market and was an addi
tional factor In the disposition of caution. The
call money rate eased off in the course of the
xveek. however, and -uieted any apprehension
on that score. It is the belief among the
speculators for the rise that the syndicates
and capitalists concerned in the railroad con
solidations and the steel merger are prepared
to protect the money market - against strin
gency by the release of funds from the heavy
borrowings made incident to their operations.
From December 22 last to March 9. this year,
the loans of the New Tork banks had ex
panded $131,690,900. This was the period of the
formatiQn of the principal syndicates having
to do with the operations toward consolida
tions among the anthracite railroads, the
Southern Pacific, the steel merger and other
transactions in furtherance of the "community t
of interest" policy. The success of these
transactions and of those which grew out of
them gave the great impetus to the specula
tion which has retained Its force ever since
and grave a strong market for the flotation of
the new securities which, were Issued to rtim-'
burse the expense of the various purchase
Involved. As these new securities were issued
from time to time and are still being issued,
the support which Is given them In the mar
ket by their powerful sponsors affords a sus
taining force to the whole market. The past
week's speculation really had no fresh news to
further it. But former rumors of a South
western railroad merger and of plans to offset
the Burlington deal by other Pacific and
granger railroads restrained all their force.
The firmness of Burlington on the formal an
nouncement of the terms of the deal when a
certain amount of speculative liquidation
might have been expected, has added to the
confidence in the stability of other stocks
which have risen in price.
The demand for railroad bonds has been
most marked in securities of the same com
panies whose stocks have been prominent in
the dealings, notably Tjnlon Pacific.
• United States 5s declined % per cent below
last week's closing call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— - Bid.
70,100 Atchison 71%
51.800 Atchison prefd 98%
27,600 Baltimore & Ohio 103%
4.100 Canadian Pacific 97
1,800 Canada Southern 73
2,800 Chesapeake & Ohio 47%
31,300 Chicago Great Western 25ft
40,100 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 198%
1,600 Chicago Indianapolis &. L.ouls...... 36',4
2.100 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pld. 70
. 3.1O0 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 134*4
7,800 Chicago & Northwestern 207$g
21,600 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 157%
400 C C C & St Louis 84%
81,400 Colorado Southern 15%
21,300 Colorado Southern 1st prefd : 53%.
17,500 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 26*,fe
1,003 Delaware & Hudson ..¦ 177*4
500 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 218%
1,000 Denver & Rio Grande 46*i
500 Denver A: Rio Grande prefd 95%
19,609 Erie 38?6
3,700* Erie 1st prefd 69%
7,600 Great Northern prefd 183%
500 Hocking Coal 1S%
400 Hocking Valley 52',4
2,400 Illinois Central 141%
400 Iowa Central '. 31%
400 Iowa Central prefd 02
500 Lake Erie & Western C5%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 125
Lake Shore 230
10,200 Louisville & Nashville 106%
23,100 Manhattan L .....123%
11,300 Metropolitan Street Railway 172"i
1,500 Mexican Central 22%
500 Minneapolis & St Louis 84
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd .....112
15,103 Missouri Pacific 107%
Mobile & Ohio t 82
8,500- Missouri Kansas & Texas... 32%
6.600 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.. 65%
1,200 New Jersey Central 158
3,900 New York Central 153%
1.000 Norfolk & Western 53%
200 Norfolk & Western prefd S7
129,900 Northern Pacific > 108%
7,800 Northern Pacific prefd. ...99%
1,200 Ontario & Western 35%
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Orepon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
2,100 Pennsylvania 152%
3,700 Reading 3SH
11.500 Reading 1st prefd 76%
9,500 Reading 2d prefd 53%
Rio Grande Western 73
Klo Grande Western prefd 100
• 3,600 St Louis & San Francisco 46>£
St Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd. 84
1,500 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd.. 61%
300 St Louis Southwestern .: 37%
1,200 St Louis Southwestern pfd G5%
49,700 St Paul 170%
700 St Paul pretd ...191
St Paul & Omaha 139
46.900 Southern Pacific 53%
14.700 Southern Railway 30
5.500 Southern Railway prefd S3%
13.300 Texas & Pacific 47%
117.800 Union Pacific 107%
18,500 Union Pacific prefd 91%
9.900 AVabash 21%
£2,700 Wabash prefd 41%
300 Wbf-ellng & Lake Erie 19
1.600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 35%
13,200 Wisconsin Central 23%
£00 Third Avenue 125
4.100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92
48,100 Amalgamated Copper 121%
Express companies—
Adams 160
American 197
600 United States 87%
Wells-FarKO 149
Miscellaneous—
100 American Cotton Oil 27%
American Cotton Oil prefd ...-. 85.
American Malting 5
American Malting prefd ....24
29 200 American Smelting & Refln 5R J /i
1,600 American Smelting & Refln prefd.. 97%
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
4J.100 American Tobacco 12S%
American Tobacco prefd : 144
7.200 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
46,300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S3%
6.400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 101
17.600 Continental Tobacco -45%
1.0^0 Continental Tobacco prefd 101%
1,500 General Electric 225*A
100 Glucose Sugar 51%
Glucose- Sugar prefd 97
1,700 International Paper 24%
600 International Paper prefd 77*,i
100 Laclede Gas .-. .. 84
National Biscuit 40
National Biscuit prefd 96
100 National Lead 17
100 National Lead prefd S3
7,100 New Tork Air Brake r 173?i
1,800 North American S7%
400 Pacific Coast 62%
200 Pacific Coast 1st prefd 88 "
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 69%
600 Pacific Mail S9.
33,600 Teople's «as Il6«,i
7.100 Pressed Steel Car 46*i
3,600 Pressed Eteel Car prefd.. £5%
Pullman Palace Car ....: .....2C9
Standard Rope &. Twine 41,4
45,200 Sugar 146*4
100 Sugar prefd ;......... ..120'
4,700 Tennessee Coal & Iron 67
2,300 United States Leather > 13%
400 United States Leather prefd • 7~V
600 United States Rubber 20%
200 United States Rubber prefd 6H4
3,500 Western Union 93
1.C0O Republic Iron & Steel : ;o?i
1,200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 77
191.200 United States Steel 4S%
118,300 United States Steel prefd. .;.' '96%
-P C C & St Louis 67
1,662.000 Shares sold. -
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s N Y Cent lsts.....lO7*i
reg 106*4 N J Cent gen 5s.. 133%
do coup 1O«>4 North Pac 3s T>%
do 3s reg 110% do 4s ...105%
do coup lHVi N Y C & St L 4S.107
do new 4s reg.. .138% Norf & W con 4s. 101%
do coup 13914 Or Nav lsts 109 "
do old 4s. reg.... 1134s do 4s 105.
do coup .... ..113% Or S.Llne 6s. 12S
do Ss reg 110 do con 5s ..:..... 117*4
do coup no»xi Reading gen 4s .. 95%
Dlst of Col 3.65s..l2»% R G W lsts 101
FOR FRIDAY, APRIL 28.
Flour. Qr ska.... 25,313IHay, tons 287
Wheat, ctls 4,615!Hldes. No. 453
Barley, ctls .... 37,78« Pelts, bdls 222
Oats, ctls 50 Leather, rolls.... 80
Corn, ctls 930 Wine, gala 83,400
Beans, sks 117 Brandy, gals .... 3,10ft
Rye. ctls 370 Lime, bbls 273
Potatoes, sks ... 1,760 .Chicory, bbl3 .... 19
Bran, sks 905lSugar, ctU ....... 5,000
Middlings, sks .. 255 Tallow, ctls 251
Wool, bales 1,523 Silver, flks 50
Straw, tons 9
PORK— Live Hoes, 180 lbs and under. 6%c;
ISO to 225 lbs, 6%@6%c; 225 and over, «©6Vic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8%@9%c
Receipts of Produce. J .J £"
LAMB- Spring. 9®9%c per pound.
VEAL— Large. 7® 8c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8%c; Ewes, 7%0Sc per
pound.
Values for all descriptions remain unchanged.
BEEF — 7@Sc . for Steers and 6®7c per lb for
cows.
San Francisco Meat Market.
• Crushed, 6.15c; Powdered. 6.75c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 6.65c: Confec
tioners* A. 5.65c; Fruit Granulated. 6.80c;
Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C, 6.15c; Golden C.
6.05; barrels, 10c more; half- barrels. 25c more;
boxes, COc more: 60-lb bass, 10c more. No
orders taken for less than 73 barrels or its
equivalent. Domlnos, half -barrels, 6.40c; boxes.
6.05c x>er lb.
Harrison's circular says: "Durinj the week
there have been three arrivals of coal from
British Columbia, 13,809 tons; four from Wash
ington. 12,966 tons; four from Oregon, 1220 tons;
total, 27,995 tons. Prices remain stationary for
early deliveries, but there Is a tendency down
ward for future contracts, principally for steam
grades. Sales of domestic fuel ar» diminish
ing, as spring Is near at hand and fine weather
has come to stay. Fuel oil producers claim
that they can find ready eale for their output.
as the consumption is Increasing daily, still
values do not Improve. Consumers are tak
ing advantage of the^ monetary requirement*
of a number of companies who are forced to
dispose of their output, regardless of Its value,
hence absurdly low prices prevail. Reports
are freely circulated that the coal Interests of
the Dunsmulrs are about to change hands;
nothing definite has transpired so far."
OILS— California Castor Oil. in cases, ' No. 1.
73c; pure, $130; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
73c; raw, 71c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 80c; cases. 83c; China
Nut, 55®65o per gallon: pur© Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c; cases. 70o; Sperm, pure. 85c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 37%iS>43%o per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels, 35c; cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl OH, In cases. 19c: Astral, 19c; Star.
19c: Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 66c per gallon In cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, XI; Bryant, 13 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, S3; Co-operative Walls
end. $3; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Ess. |M :
Cannel, 1 10 per ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and (17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions. $8 45 per 20C0 pounds and $3 SO per ton.
according to brand.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. SS 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%€^%c; local make. He less than
Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 30® 34c; Fleece Twine.
7%®Sc
13® 16c; do. medium and coarse. 14915o: Oregron,
Eastern, choice. 1:® lie; do, fair to rood, 9SUa;
Nevada. 10@12c.
HOPS— 13@20o per lb.
j 1
General Merchandise. ~ rj H
1 ' NEW YORK,' April 26.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: While adversely affected by un
favorable weather conditions, general trade
manifests a strong underlying tone, which
seemingly lacks only the advent of better
weather to become buoyant. Cold weather has
undoubtedly affected planting and germina
tion in some sectiftns, . but the probable dam
age to crops Is not so great, as earlier "ad
vices appeared to indicate. In some direc
tions activity was pronounced, as for exam
ple in iron and steel, where apparently produc
tion is taxed to Its utmost capacity, though
seemingly more to meet ! spring requirements
than because of new orders. .
A stiffening in prices is noted in lumber,
with a demand fully up to the supply. From
Portland. Or., comes the report that the log
ging camps are ( taxed to . supply orders.
There Is little alteration in hides.
Activity on an enormous scale continues to
rule In the New York stock market. Early
this week irregularity, with some heavy sell
ing and declines prevailed, due to renewed
gold . shipments, caused by large subscriptions
here, aggregating $150,000,000 to the new Brit
ish war loan. Money rates failing .to harden,
bullish speculative sentiment resumed control.
The formal announcement of the Burlington
deal gave rise to further notable advances,
particularly in Union Pacific, rumors circulat
ing that it would be leased to another system.
Northern Pacific, Baltimore and Ohio, Mis
souri Pacific and St. Paul have all shown
great strength, an idea prevailing that the
price of $20 raid for Burlington's control gets
a new level of values for stocks of its class.
Buyers show a disposition In wool to wait
until the new wools come in. Leather" shows
more activity on what sustained prices. Small
business in boots and shoes of i the better
grades are reported favorable and prices are
said to be steady. - ' • - ¦
Failures in the United States for the week
number 214 as against 212 last week, and 182
In this v/eek a year ago.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregated 4,286,189 bushels, against 5.
306.217 bushels last week and 3.683,863 bushels
in the corresponding week of 1900.
Flour advanced 15c per barrel.
Wheat, Barley, Oats and Corn very strong.
Rye quiet. Bran and Rolled Barley very firm. Hay steady.
White and Lima Beans higher. Fair shipping demand for Pink.
Potatoes very firm at the recent advance.
Red Onions in better supply and lower. Tomatoes ditto.
Poultry market well stocked and quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs show little change.
Cherries continue slow, owing to the chilly weather.
Oranges in light supply and firm. Nine xars auctioned.
Lemons and Limes as previously quoted.
Dried Apples, Peaches and Apricots selling well.
Provisions firm, in sympathy with Chicago.
No further change in the Meat market.
Prrt'ious conditions prevail on the stock exchanges.
Silver and Sterling Exchange quoted firmer.
WASHINGTON, April. 26.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance,' $155,162,227; gold, ?95,272,32S.
NEW YORK, April 26.— Money on call
steady. S@4 per cent; last loan, 3, ruling rate
3%c. Prime mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 SS%@1 SSU for demand
and at $4 SS^-l S5*,4 for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 85>/4@4 89. Commercial bills. $4 SiVi®
4 S4%. Silver certificates, 60c. Bar silver,
60%c. Mexican dollars. 4S^c.
Bonds— Government, firm; State, strong;
railroad, strong.
¦Condition of the Treasury. •
Nezv York Money Market.
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Brisk business was done on the Stock . Ex
change to-day. -The tone was cheerful.' The
American department had quieted down and
there were fewer fireworks to-day than on any
day for some time. Prices were hard until
New York sent over selling orders supposed
to be in anticipation of the holiday to-morrow.
The closing of the Stock Exchange in Nfcw
York will give London- the first chance to act
upon the bank statement. The Baltimore and
Ohio led in the trading. Other features were
Missouri, Kansas and Texas and Denver and
Rio Grande, which were strong on the an
nouncement of the election of Mr. Gould as
president of the Denver road. In Union Pa
cific there was a disposition to take profits.
All of these stocks, however, were eclipsed in
the trading by the shares of the United States
Steel Corporation, which made a record. The
volume of trading in them was- far beyond
anything seen in these stocks since their . in
troduction here. The preferred, which London
favors, were especially strong and active. Ap
plication has been made for official quotations
of them upon the Stock Exchange, bo London
sees that these stocks have come here to stay.
CLOSING.
Atcbison. 72%; Canadian Pacific, 99; Union
Pacific preferred, 93; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 101%; Grand T'runk, 10^4; Anaconda,
1C%. . Bar silver, steady, 27%d per ounce.
Money, 3@3% per cent.
NEW, YORK, April 26.— The Commercial Ad-
London Market.
Atchlson gen 4s...l02% St L & I M con 5s. 115
do adj 4s 96 St L 4 S F gen 6s.l33
Can South 2ds 108% St Paul cons 193
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO5% St P C & Pac lsts.118 1^
do 5s 121% do 5s 120
C & N W con 7s.. 142 South Pac 4s 93^
do S P deb 5s. ..124 South Railway 5s. 117"/.
Chi Term 4s 95 S Rope & T 6s 57
Colo South 4s «s% Tex & Pac Iste...ll9
D & R G 4s 101% ao 2ds :.. 95
Erie gen 4s 87% Union Pac 4s .....105%
Ft W & D C lsts.108 Wabash lsts 120U
Gen Elec 6s ..1S3«^ do 2ds HOVi
Iowa Cent lsts ...117% West Shore 4s 114%
L & Nash unl 4s.. 103 WIs Cent 4s 90%
M K & T 2ds 8254 Va Centlries .' 95
do 4s 98!4
.WINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 10
Alice 3S Ontario 8 75
Breece 1 35 Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con ... 1 20 Phoenix 03
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosi ¦ OS
Con Cal & Va..... 2 20 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada.:...' 23
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes « 55
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 55
Leadville Con .... 03
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— M'estingh Elec ... 64U
Call loans 3@4 Bonds— 1
Time loans ...,3>*@4% Atchison 4s ..102V4
Stocks—. N E G & Coke 6s. 65%
Atchison ...71% Mining shares
do prefd, 98% Adventure 16%
Am Sugar 146^4 llingham llin Co.. 26
do prefd 120 Amalg Copper ...121%
Bell Telephone 175 Atlantic 34%
Boston Elevated ..ITS Boston & Mont. ...443
C B & Q 198% Butte & Boston.... 115%
Dom Coal 37U Calumet & Hecla.S35
do prefd 114 Centennial 29ri
Fltchburg prefd ..147% Franklin 18%
Gen Electric 220 Humboldt 25
Ed Elec 111 240 Osceola 86
Mex Cent 22% Parrot ...; ; 54%
N E G & Coke.... 11% Quincy 176
Old Colony 212 Santa Fe Copper.. 8%
Old. Dominion S5>4 Tamarack V 3%
Rubber 20 ] ,£ Utah Mining ....... 34%
Union Pacific ....108 Winona :... 4%
Union Land 3 Wolverines 53
West End 98
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
' CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%@13c for light . medium, I3%c for
light, 14%c for extra light and 15&c for sugar
cured; Eastern suear-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess. $12 50-* Fam
ily, tTS 50: prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear
$23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef. Me per lb
LARD— Tierces ' quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10%c for pure; half-bar~els
pure. 10*ic: 10- lb tins, llVic; 5-lb- Una ll'ic
COTTOLENE- One half -barrel. 8%c: three
half-barrels Siic; one tierce. SHe; two tierces,
S%c; live tierces, S%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9^0 : . medium.' 8}4c; light. Sc. Cow
Hides. S'/ic for heavy and 8c for light; Stags.
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15%@16c; Culls. 13H@Uc;
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 16@17c; Culls and
Brands. 13@Hc; Sheepskins. shearllng3, 15@25c
each; short Wool, 30® 40c each; medium. 5C@55c;
long Wool. 7oc@n each: Horse Hides, salt.
$2 &0 for large and $2@2 23 for medium, $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small
and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red
skins. SSc; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 20c. . Goatskins— Prime 1 Angoras.
<5c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c. ¦ r
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4V-C per lb; No. 2,
3%@4c; grease. 2@2^c.
WOOL— Sprins. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 15sgl6c per lb: Northern, free, 12®
12c; defective. 9@llc: Middle County, frt-e> 10®
lie: do. defective. 8@10c; Southern. 12 months.
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do, de
fective, 7 months. 708c; Oregon Valley, fine.
The market rules firm again, In sympathy
¦with Chicago, which, however, Is unsettled and
variable as a weathercock. Prices sta^nd as
before.
Provisions.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c; 30-40s, — ;
40-50s. 4%c; 50-603, «Uc; 60-70s, 3%c; 70-80s. 3%c;
80-90s| 2%c; 90-lOOs,' 2Uc; 100-120s, l%c. These
prices apply to all districts alike, no more
discrimination being maSe.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per
lb; choice, 9%c; standard, S%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c
Pacific brand- 2-crown. 5c; 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, G^c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5c; Lon
don Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown.
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Im
perial, $3. All prices t. o. b. at common ship
ping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2, 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. . 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12@iac
for papershell. 9@llc for softshell; Peanuts,
5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@llHc ; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. H@l3c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 13%@14c for bright and 12%
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7@7'/ic: light amber extracted, 5@Cc; dark. 4@
5c per lb. .
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Local dealers continue to report a fair move
ment in Apples, Apricots and Peaches, though
sales are not large. Apples are -scarce and
Peaches are cleaning up. Apricots have been
in moderate siiDply for some time. There Is
no further news about Prunes.
FRUITS— Apricots, tf@7}4c for Royals and
S%@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
4@6c;" sun-dried, lVi@2c; Peaches, 3%@4c for
standard, 4%@5%c for choice and 6@6%c for
fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3%@5c; Bn .
pitted, l@l%c; Nectarines. 4@4%c for red and
4©5c for white.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
CHERRIES—Receipts were 350 boxes, selling
at 40cig$l per box for red and $1@1 75 for dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $6©8 per chest for Long
worths and $5@7 for large berries. Receipts
were 271 chests.
APPLES— »@2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2 25;
Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines, 75c@$l 25; Lem
ons, 75c® $1 25 for common and $1 50® 2 50 for
good to choice: Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 60; Mexican
Limes, $4 50; Bananas, $1 25® 2 50 per bunch for
New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, $1 50@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The market Is lightly, supplied with Oranges
at the moment, and the feeling is firm. There
is - no change in Lemons and Limes, the latter
heins in liberal supply and dull. f
Cherries have again declined, and continue
slow of sale, "chiefly owing to the chilly weath
er. Large Strawberries are firmer.
Nine cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1@2; choice do, $120®
1 55; standard do. 60c@$\ 35; Seedlings, 60c®$l.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 15c: firsts, 14%c; seconds, ;
store, 12c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9%c; choice,
9c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10%c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16e per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 15o;
mixed colors, 14c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13%o; standard,
13c; seconds,.-: 1> . ... . .-.*. ...
Creamery— Extras, 16Hc; firsts, 15c; seconds,
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS^
BUTTER—
BUTTER— Creamery, 16@17c per lb for fancy
and 15%c for seconds; dairy, 145513c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 9%@10%c; old,
9c per lb. •
EGGS— Ranch, 15@17c for good to fancy;
store, 13@14%c per dozen.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
The Butter market Is being enlivened at the
moment by several fights for th» possession
of creameries, - which tend to unsettle values.
The market is well supplied, receipts are large
and the demand Is nothing extra. Cheese Is
rather weak, as arrivals are liberal, but prices
are unchanged.
There are plenty of Eggs on the market, and
stocks are slowly increasing. Still, dealers In
the open market report the " top quotation,
though it is rather difficult to obtain. Receipts
are large.
I Receipts were 81,200 pounds and 88 tubs of
Butter, 1567 cases Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, 24,400 pounds California Cheese and —
pounds Eastern Cheese.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llo for Gob-;
biers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 60<gl 75; Goslings. $2 25@2 75; .Ducks, $4 50
@5 50 for old and $5 E0@6 50 for young; Hens,
$3 50@4 EOj young Roosters, $6 50@S*_ bid Roos
ters, $3 50@4; Fryers. $5 50®6 60; Broilers, $4 60
@5 for large and $2@3 50 for small ; ' Pigeons,'
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25: Rabbits, $1 23 for Cotton
tail and 75c@$l for Brush.
The situation shows little change. Young
Roosters and Fryers firm and other de
scriptions weak. Supplies of Hens continue too
large.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes are very firm 'at the advance noted
yesterday.
Red Onions have suddenly become plentiful
for the beginning of the season, and prices are
weak. Other descriptions are about as be
fore.
Mexican Tomatoes are still lower. The can
ners are picking up stray lots of Rhubarb at
as low as 25c per box. Other Vegetables are
practically . unchanged. .
Receipts were 1049 boxes Asparagus, 810 boxes
Rhubarb, 1070 sacks Bay Peas, 91 sacks String
Beans and 740 sacks New Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 70®90c; Burbanks,
73@90c for River and $1@1 40 for Oregon: Gar
net Chiles, $1@1 15; Sweets. 50@65c for Merced;
New Potatoes, l@l%c per lb.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, B0c©$l 25 per sack:
Australians, $3 E0@4; Green Onions, 254250O
per box; New White. $3; New Red, $12501 50.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. S5c@$l 25 per box:
Asparagus. . $1 75 for fancy, $1@1 60 1 per box
for No. 1 and E0@85o for No. 2; Green Peas,
75cg$l 15 per sack; Garden Peas, $1 25; String
Beans, 6@10c for Los Angeles and 10@llo for
Vacaville; Horse Beans, 75@90c per sack; Cab
bage, 50@60c: Tomatoes, Mexican. $1 25® 1 50 per
crate; from. Texas, $2 25; Dried Peppers. 12@18c;
Dry Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots, 25®35c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 40c@$l per dozen; Garlic,
8@10c per lb; Green Peppers, 20@25c per lb.
Small and large white Beans are higher and
the former are almost cleaned ud. Limas are
also very firm and closely held, and Pink are
in some demand for shipment, as already men
tioned.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 50@2 70; Small White. $4 85
5;- Ltrge White. $4@4 20; Pink. $1 60® 1 85;
Red. W2; Blackeye. $2 75@3; Umas. $6 25
@6 50; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney. $4 50 per ctL
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2S0@3; Canary, Zh@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c; Hemp. 3%c; Timothy, 6^c. ---„*.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 50; Green. $2 »0@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, • nominal. .7 *, -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
and Rolled Barley are firm, and Hay Is merely
steady.
BRAN— $16 50@17 per ton. •
MIDDLINGS— $16 50(S19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17 50®lS oO
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2a@26: Job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake. S17@13: Corn Meal.
*25<g26 50; Cracked Corn, - $23 X0@?X : Mixed Feed,
$14 50@13 50. . __ .
HAY-Volunteer. $3@8; Wheat. $U@13; -ttheat
and Oat, $9fl2; Oat, $3@U 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $S@9 50: Barley. $7 50®9 50 per ton.
STRAW— S5@17%c per bale.
by enormous' transactions, the' aggregate re
corded deals at the Stock -Exchange on -last
Tuesday rising to nearly 2,400,000 shares,'
which surpasses all ¦ previous records In that
respect At the same time the realizing sales
and accompanying liquidation have ! been on- a
very extensive scale, with sharp drops In some
stocks which have recently had large ,- rises.
Tuesday's market in particular developed for
a time heavy selling of this kind and present
ed temporarily at least symptoms of decided
weakness. The excited character of the trad
ing and the heavy advances have created in
many minds an impression that a culmination
of the whole bull movement is at hand, and
there is a sensitive undertone mingled with
the confidence which is exhibited In the con
tinuance of present conditions. The fact,
however, that one of the most important of
pending deals, the acquisition of Burlington by
the Northern Pacific-Great Northern combina
tion, has been duly announced and that, posi
tive assertions, are made concerning the real
ity of the developments alleged , to have been
In preparation in regard to the Union Pacific
have tended to revive public Interest.
4Sc to 4SHo. These figures covered practically,
the day's range of this option, although . a
moment after the opening a sale was made at
4894c. Following . this ¦¦• spurt the market for
May was left very much to itself. Light re
ceipts and higher . cables, however, held prices
steady. . The bull leader was not .active. In
May, but devoted considerable attention to
July, which seems to be working toward the
center of the stage. This option sold between
45%c and -46c,' Its highest price so far, _ and
closed -%@%c over yesterday at 45%@45%c.
Receipts were ninety-four cars, one of contract
grade. , . ; ¦ " '
The demand for oats was active. May closed
He higher at 26^0.. . .
i Provisions were dull and a shade easier on
liberal hogr receipts. Fluctuations were nar
row. July pork closed 2\ic lower and lard and
ribs a shade down. •
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. Hish. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— " * ¦ ¦
May 73U 73% 72*; 73
July 73»i 73?i 5 73V4 73H
¦ Corn No." ! 2 —
April ..• 47%
May... .43%. *4S% -43 48%
July* *45% 46 . 45% 4a»i
Oats No. 2 — . ; '
May .....*.... 26% • 26% 26H 26'^
July 25% 25% 25*4 25%
Mess pork, per barrel-
May ...... ...14 42%' 14 45 14 40 14 40
July .............. ..UoS 14 60 14 55 14 55
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May .... :....... S 17^4 8 17H 8 17^4 8 I'M
July ;.-......-. S 07% 8 10 8 05 .. 8 07H
September...: 8 07% 8 07*3 SOS 8 05
Short ribs, per 100 pcunds^-
May :..... 8 20 8 22^4 8 20 8 22^
July" :... 7 97% - 8 02% 7 97% 7 97%
September :... 7 92%'. 7 95 7 92% 7 92%
Cash quotations were as. follows: Flour,
steady; No.. 3 spring wheat, 71@72^c; No. 2
red, 76%c; No. 2 corn, 48c: No. 2 yellow. 48c;
No. 2 oats. 27c; No. 2 white. 2S«4@29%c; No. 3
white, 28%@28*lc; No. 2 rye, 53@54c;.good feed
ing barley, 45c; fair to choice malting, 48@
55c; No. 1 flaxseed, ?1 62; No. 1 Northwestern,
$163; prime lmothy seed, $3 80; mess pork, per
barrel.- $14 40@U 43; lard, pe" 100 pounds, $8 15
@8 17%: short ribs sides (loose),- J8-10@8 30;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), - 6%@7%c; short
clear sides (boxed),- $8 37%@8 50; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract grade,
$10 75. .--;:, •¦-.¦¦¦
Articles— ¦¦' . ' Receipts. -¦ Shipments.
Flour, barrels 22,000 19,000
"Wheat, bushels" 64.000 ¦ 124.000
Corn, bushels :. ...100,000 163,000
Oats, bushels .......; -.202,000 ' 756,000
Rye/ bushels 5,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 14,000 i 8,000
On- the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market .was easy. Creameries.- 15@19o; dairy,
ll@18c. Cheese, 9%@llc. Eggs, easy;' fresh, 12c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
New York Grain and Produce.
Family Retail Market.
LOCAL MARKETS,
10
Bradstreefs on Trade.
NS.
I Last
24 Hou;
: I This
irs; Season.
La*t
. Season
i
_(
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo
0."0
... O.oO
0.00
44.60
22.67
17.50
18.99
10.3S
5.80
27.SS
14.17
10.55
47.95
21.75
17.32
18.10
7.94
2.82
15.32
6.03
3.65
NS.
I Last
24 Hou;
: I This
irs; Season.
La*t
. Season
i
_(
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo
0."0
... O.oO
0.00
44.60
22.67
17.50
18.99
10.3S
5.80
27.SS
14.17
10.55
47.95
21.75
17.32
18.10
7.94
2.82
15.32
6.03
3.65
Notice is hereby given that all the Interest of
the late firm of SULLIVAN; & DQTLE in and
to all the Horses, Carriages. "Wagons, etc. and
In aad to tbs business carried on at No. 22Q Va-
lencia street, known aa the EMPORIUM
HORSE MARKET, will be sold by the under-
signed, as surviving 1 partner of said late firm,
at said Emporium Horse Market, on TUES-
DAY, the 30th day ot April. 1901. commencing
at 10 o'clock a— m., of said day. at Public Auc-
tion, to the highest bidder, for cash. In U. S.
gold coin.
Sale will be without reserve for the purpose
of winding up the business of said late firm.
Dated at San Francisco, this 18th day of
April. 1901. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Surviving Partner of the late firm of SULLI-
VAN & DOYLE.
By Surviving Partner.
Xotlce is' hereby given that the undersljrned,
as surviving partner of the late firm of SULLI-
VAX & DOYLE, will, on MONDAY, the 29th
day of April. 1901, commencing at 10 o'clock
a. m.. of said day, at the Stables of the said
lats firm, at 323-325-327 Sixth street, this city
and county, sell at Public Auction, to the high-
est bidder, for cash. In U. S gold coin, the en-
tire stock in trade of said late firm, consisting
of Horses, Mares. Carrfag-es Coupes. Hacks.
Buggies. Wajrons and Harness- also Office Fix-
tures and Safe; also the Good Will of said busi-
ness. All the Horses, etc.. Carriages. Wagons,
etc.. will be sold separately. The sale will be
without reserve, for the purpose of winding up
the business of said late firm.
The -Horses. Carriages, Wagons, etc. at said
Stables, are subject to Inspection up to day of
sale.
San Francisco, April 16, 1901.
JOHN J. DOTLE,
Surviving: Partner of the lata firm ot SULLI-
VAN & DOYLE.
AUCTION! AUCTION!
SALE OF STABLE BUSINESS, ETC
AUCTION SALESThe Board of Public Works yesterday
awarded the contract for the excavation
and backfilling cf trenches for the purpose
of constructing conduits for the Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Company
. and repaying over the some to A. McCon
nell. the only bidder. This is the first con
tract of its kind and covers work on vari
ous streets.
Contract for Trenching Work.
Harry P. McPherson was committed to
jail for contempt of court by Judge Frank
H. Kerrigan yesterday for refusing to pay
alimony in the sum of $10 a month to his
wife, Susie McPherson, who recently in
stituted suit for divorce, alleging cruelty
as cause of action. The court ordered that
McPherson remain in jail until he had
complied with the order of court.
Goes to Jail for Contempt.
' BUTTE, Mont., April 26.— John MacGin
nis, assistant to F. August Helnze of the
Montana Ore Purchasing Company. . and
Daniel Lamm, stockholders in the Parrott
&Parrott mine, have begun suit for in
junction in the District Court here simi
lar to that brought in Jersey City by the
Butte^and Boston and Boston and Mon
tana companies, in which an injunction
was granted, i The complaint sets forth
that the Parrott Is about to be transferred
to the Amalgamated Company."
Another Montana Mine Suit.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors reported yesterday In favor
of the petition of the National Ice Com
pany for permission to lay a spur track
in Channel street, from a. point twenty
feet east of Kansas street along Channel
easterly for a distance of ninety feet,
thence in and across private property to
Rhode Island street, thence to the north
line of Alameda street.
Spur Track on Channel Street.
Ernest Seton-Thonipson, the famous
writer and naturalist, will give the chil
dren a treat at Metropolitan Hall this
afternoon. In response . to numerous re
quests he will repeat his stories of Old
Grumpy, disgruntled Johnny. Lobo, the
king wolf and his unfortunate love affair,
and other favorites of, the little folks. In
the evening he will discuss "Minds of
Wild Animals." ' " -l , \'"^:- -:-'• j
Seton-Thompson Lecture.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. April . 26.— At Tempe
last night Rafael Ayala and Jose Ybara
engaged in a Quarrel and both were se
riously wounded. Ayala attacked Ybara
with a knife and cut him about the* face
and in the chest. Ybara obtained a shot
gun and fired two charges into Ayala.
The latter may die. .The trouble grew out
of a cuarrel over a .woman. . v
CHICAGO, April 26.— It. was announced
to-day by Harry M. Bates, secretary of
the Society of Michigan Alumni Associa
tion, that the. football team would make
a holiday trip to the Pacific Coast next
winter and play both Stanford and Cali
fornia universities. The schedule ar
ranged for provides for a game with
Stanford at Los Angeles on Christmas
and a game with California at San Fran
ciscc on (New. Year's.
Fight Over a Woman.
Football Players Coming.
MACOXDRAT FILES ANSWER.- Robert
Arthur Macondray filed answer yesterday to
the complaint for divorce recently filed by
Madeline Macondray. In the answer Macon
dray simply enters a general denial to the
various allegations contained in the com
plaint.
UPSON'S BOGUS TICKETS.— George Upson.
the distributor of bogus lottery tickets, ap
peared in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday. His
defense was that the tickets being bogus he
had committed no crime. He was willing to
plead guilty if a fine of $5 was imposed. The
Judge declined and Upson then entered a plea
of not guilty and got a continuance until Mon
day.
ELECTED NEW OFFICERS— The members
of the Hellenic Mutual Benevolent Society
elected the following officers last night:
President M. D. Vanvales; vice president, D.
Morpbis; treasurer. A. Costas; recording sec
retary. A. D. Verra; financial secretary, E.
AndonJades; board of trustees, W. Valianos,
D Vellssaratoe, J. Trayphoros, A. Apostolon.
S_ Grlvas and J. Christodonlon.
PASSED WORTHLESS CHECK.— A warrant
was sworn out yesterday for the arrest of
Thomas R. Hughes in Judge Mogan's court on
the charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. Hughes is a follower of the racetrack
and has been living at the lodging-house of
Spier & Xicholls, 234 McAllister street. He
owed them $30 and Thursday he gave them a
check on the Western Natianal Bank for $30,
receiving $20 change. The check was presented
at the bank yesterday and was declared worth
less.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
A. Bobleter, a solicitor, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea
and charged with felony embezzlement on
complaint of H. W. Higgins, his employer.
Higglns accuses Bobleter of collecting
$215 which he failed to turn over.
Solicitor Accused.
Decline in the stock of the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Company contin
ues. There are no rallying signs to en
courage the holders. The stock sold as
low as 37 yesterday.
The depression is caused by a state
ment that a suspension of dividends for
an indefinite length of time has been re
solved ur>on by the directors.
A few weeks ago one of the large hold
ers of stock sold out at 48 and bemoaned
his sacrifice. Yesterday he was Inclined
to be cheerful, in view of the fact that
he let go before the price dropped to 37.
to Decline.
TALK OF SUSPENDING
DIVIDEND PAYMENTS
Stock cf the San Francisco Gas and"
Electric Company Continues
A very successful concert for the benefit
of Company A of the Boys' Brigade was
given at the He-ward Presbyterian
Church, corner of Oak and Baker streets,
last night. The concert was under the
direction cf Mrs. Jessie Baker and abun
dant applause testiiied to the excellence
of her training and the ability of her
assistants. The following named com
posed the committee of arrangements:
Mrs. H. F. Hobson, E. K. Pedler, G. Mer
ritt. E. Owen, \V. Whson. W. Jackson. C.
Ross. E. Naylor, L. Brown, J. Shepard,
W. Corbln, W. Ross, F. Paget. ;,X,7-.^
Boys' Brigade Holds Benefit.
Phillip Hein and James Moore, who
were charged with assault to murder for
cutting Dr. Samuel W. Craig, 8S Third
street, on the face with a knife in the
saloon at 90 Third street during a drunken
carousal on the night of April 13, were
discharged by Judge Mogan yesterday.
The Judge said there was no evidence to
show that either of the defendants did the
cutting, and besides one witness, M. J.
Golden. 341 Mint street, had testified that
Craig had offered him $25 to testify that
the defendants did the cutting, although
he was not present at tne time.
Hein and Moore Discharged.
Wong You was examined for the de
fense. He testified that Sullivan had paid
him the, $1640, and he had given him $2
commission. Attorney Joseph Coffey also
testified that he was standing with Wong
You in the warrant and bond clerk's office
on March 16, when Sullivan called- Wong
You aside and the latter afterward told
him that he had received the money.
Attorney Lennon, for the defendant,
contended that no intent to defraud had
been proved, and he thought the case
should be dismissed. Besides it had been
demonstrated that no one had been de
frauded. The Judge answered him by
holding the defendant to answer before
the Superior Court. ':; .
The preliminary examination of Daniel
J. Sullivan on the charge of forging Judge
Cabaniss" name to an order on the Treas
urer for the return of $1640 bail money put
up by Wong You for the release of fan
tan players was concluded before Judge
Conlan yesterday, and Sullivan was held
to answer before the Superior Court in
$2000 bonds.
Kis Attorney Hakes the Plea That
No On? W«s D«f rauded, With
out Effect.
SUIXIVAN HELD ON
CABANISS FORGERY
On being told that he was wanted for
forgery Ruscher loudly proclaimed his
innocence.' He was taken to the City
Prison and booked on two charges of
forgery. Ruscher claimed that he arrived
here from' Philadelphia about seven
months ago and- has since been tending
bar in a water front saloon.
CiuJT Brothers, wholesale grocers, are
also victims of the clever forger to the
extent of $65 75, the amount of a' check to
which the name of G.' F. Krueger had
been forged. . »'.
As soon as the forgeries were discov
ered Ruscher' s victims lost no time in
notifying Captain Seymour, and Detec
tives Mahon and Reynolds were put on his
track, but it was not until yesterday that
they succeeded in getting a clew -to his
whereabouts. Accompanied by two em
ployes of the Jackson brewery the detec
tives went to Tanforan yesterday after
noon and located Ruscher.
By the arrest of Edward Ruscher, a tall,
well dressed man, yesterday, Captain
Seymour believes he has captured the
clever forger who has been passing bogus
checks on various local breweries.
Last Monday Ruscher visited the Jack
son" brewery and presented a check for
$75 50, drawn in favor of Charles A. War
ren, the contractor, and purporting to
have been signed by E. T. Kruse. • As the
check bore the indorsement of A. P.
Bellue, who is a customer of the brewery,
the cashier had no suspicion of anything
wrong. Ruscher at the time was without
his hat or coat and the brewery people
thinking that he had been sent by Bel
lue, who conducts a store near by, read
ily cashed the check.
The same day Ruscher visited the HI
bernia Brewery and presented a check
for $75 50 drawn in favor of Charles A.
Warren and bearing the forged signature
of Mr. Kruse. The check purported to
have been indorsed by A. H. Cusens, who
is well known to the manager of the
brewery. Ruscher was without hat and
coat and in explanation of his appearance
he said that Mr. Cusen had sent him post
haste to cash the check. Unsuspicious,
the cashier promptly honored the check.
The following day Ruscher imposed on the
cashier of the Enterprise brewery in a
similar manner, securing $75.
Spurious Checks Passed
on Cashiers of Brew
eries.
ALLEGED FORGER
UNDER ARREST
Mrs. Una Cadderly, a witness for Ma
ristany, who wants his marriage an
nulled on the ground that his wife has
another husband living, one Bernard
Freimann of London, was the first to un
burden her soul on the marriage record
Issue. She confessed to three entaYigle
ments which had carried her as far as
that bourne whence no traveler returns
save through the divorce court. Mrs.
Cadderly had returned safely on each oc
casion. One of her fellow travelers was
the same Freimann who afterward mar
ried the present Mrs. Maristany. Hence
her connection with the present hostili
ties. She denied a charge by the opposi
tion that a habit she had of throwing
champagne bottles through the front win
dows of Freimann's restaurant drove him
into bankruptcy and divorce.
Then the other side, not liking the im
putations cast upon its witness, intimated
that there were others present with mari
tal histories. Delving from one titular
stratum to .another, they exhibited to
the court no less than six surnames
worn at different periods by Mrs. Maris
tany,' accomplished by five weddings,
three divorces and one desertion. Then
it came out that Freimann, after leaving
his wife, now Mrs. Maristany, has mar
ried again -in England. Maristany him
self was next held up and the searchlight
turned upon his conjugal relations. Not
to be outdone by the woman with whom
he unwillingly shares his name, he showed
he was as much married as she, namely,
five times. ,
Aghast at the matrimonial wreckage
trailing in the wake of their inquiry, the
attorneys dropped the subject by, mutual
consent, leaving the records of several
others of the persons Involved untouched.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 26.
The parties to the suit of Maristany
vs. Maristany, now on trial before Judge
Ellswo'rth, commenced comparing matri
monial notes in court to-day. By the
time their mutual recriminations were all
in it was developed that sixteen mar
riages and fourteen- divorces clustered
about the four principal characters in the
story.
Complicated Matrimo
nial History of Parties
to Lawsuit.
TANGLED TALES
OF MARRIAGES
John J. Barrett, ex-Minister to Siam,
has written to the Chamber of Commerce
that he has been asked by the President
to represent him at the International Con
ference of American States to be held in
Mexico in October, and has accepted the
honor. In his letter, which was received
yesterday. Mr. Barrett calls attention to
the magnitude and nature of the work be
fore this conference and says that it will
be his purpose to serve the Pacific Coast
In every possible way at this gathering.
Mr. Barrett intends coming to California
in May and states that he will be glad to
receive any suggestions from San Fran
cisco organizations.
Barrett Going- to Mexico.
Mrs. Fannie S. Leonard, San Bernardino;
Mrs. E. J. , Sanford, Ferndale. Humboldt
County: Mrs. James Curran. Bakersfield; Mrs
G. G. Smythe, Golden Gate; Mrs. G. W. Rob
erts, Le Grand; Miss Hattie L. Bromley. Oak
land; Mrs. Grace Corrills, Santa Monica; Mrs.
E. S." Canterbury, Melville; Miss Cook, Ava
lon. , Catallna Island; Mrs. H. A. Blodgett,
Bakersfield ; Mrs. I. F. Duane. Daggett, San
Bernardino County: Miss -Kdna Krars. VhI
lejo; Mrs. George M. Merriman. Alameda; Miss
Amelia- Blum, Shasta: - Mrs. ' A. H. "Webster,
Campbell ; Miss Martha Meade, Sacramento;
Mrs. L. * B. Copeland. Oakland ; • Miss L.
Hatch. : Broderick, . Yolo County; Mrs. G. S.
"Wilson. San Jose: Miss Elizabeth A. "Worth,
Santa Ana; Mrs. Frances H.' Baywater. Chico.
The object of the society will be to as
sist all those . worthy and deserving of
assistance, although children especially!
will enjoy the care of the organization. In
the line of child work the summer outing
for the children of the poor is to be, for
the present, the main aim of the ladies.
Miss Ayer has already sent nine little ones
for a- two weeks' vacation to Placer'
County. In providing the outing for these
little ones she was kindly assisted by the
Associated Charities, who furnished free
transportation.'
The branches of the society, established
in the interior, are doing splendid work..
They are In charge of the following ladies:
On Monday afternoon the first meeting
of the club, which is to be known as the
Alden Club, in honor of Cynthia Westover
Alden, the 'president general, is to take
place.- The organization will start with
the following well known charity workers
as. associate members: Mrs. John F.
Merrill, Mrs. Ella Sexton, Mrs. Josephine
de Greayer, Mrs. J. H. Jewett, Mrs. Wash
ington Ayer, Mrs. A; E. Pratt and Mrs.
J. G. Bucknall. The following young ladies
as charter, members will assist Miss Ayer
in the splendid work: Miss Abbie Ed
wards, Miss May Morton, Miss Jennie
McFarland, Miss Florence Benjamin, Miss
Amy Garoutte, Miss Lavina Giesting, Miss
Grace Garoutte, Miss Jessica Blake, Miss
Nette Sexton, Miss Alice May, Miss Grace
Whitney. Miss Olivia Verdon, Miss Muir,
Miss Pedlar and Miss Herman.
Miss Mabel Ayer, a pretty and charm
ing society girl, has alone and unaided
establiuhed in this city a branch of the
great International | Sunshine Society
whose philanthropic work is known and
felt In almost every city, town and ham
let in the broad United States. For the
past four months Miss Ayer has j been
working zealously and quietly along the
lines established by the society until to
day the work has assumed such propor
tions that she is compelled to call in her
friends to assist her.
Society Girl Organizes
Great Philanthropic .
Movement.
SUMMED OUTING
FOR THE POOR
under the direction of Superintendent
Henry Mauser. The boys are eager to do
all in their, power to help the benefit per
formance along.
Four Programmes to Bs Given.
The first performance will begin on
Edward Gallagher, alias Yarrow, who
was identified by little Adele Steinman as
the man who broke into the residence of
Mrs. Simon Donau, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of
burglary. It was thought that Gallagher
might be the burglar who broke into the
residence of Dr. M. F. Bowes at 2629 Pa
cific avenue last Sunday night and com
pelled Miss Jennie Cordery, the house
maid, to show him through the rooms, but
when she. was taken to the prison yester
day afternoon by Detectives DInan and
Wren she failed to identify him, saying
that the man ¦was much stouter.
Booked for Burglary.
THESE THREE WILL, PARTIC
' IPATE IN THE.MAYDAY FES
TIVAL.
The Iroquois Club met at Pythian Castl«
last night and considered arrangements
for the celebration to be held at Benicia
on May 19 and 20 in honor of the anni
versary of the first Democratic conven
tion held in California. "
D. M. Delmas has been secured to de
liver tho oration on the important oc
casion. Barclay Henley will preside and
Judge J. H. McKune of Sacramento,
Samuel A. Merritt of Salt Lake City and
H. F. Williams of San Francisco, who
are the three surviving members of the
original convention, will be present and
s-peak.
The local club has chartered the steamer
Onisba for the occasion and the member.?
will take along their families and friends,
so far as practicaole. The programme
aside from the speeches will consist of
music furnished by the people of Benicia.
Bar.ds from San Francisco, Vallejo and
also from Benicia will be present. The
guests will be furnished with conveyances
in order that they may drive about the
town and visit points of interest.
Tho following resolution was also
brought before the club last night:
"Resolved. That the club take an active
interest in local party politics both before
and after conventions."
The question invited considerable de
bate. No decision was made in the mat
ter, however, and the question was de
ferred until another meeting.
Anniversary Arrangements Nearlv
Completed — Club Discusses New-
Party Machine.
IROQTJOIS CLUB PLANS
BENICIA CELEBRATION
The admission will be but 10 cents to
each performance and the teachers are
hopeful that many thousands will not
only help the annuity fund, but will also
by their attendance give the children
reason long to remember the pleasures of
May day of 1901. Tickets can be pro
cured at May-day headquarters at the
City Hall or at Glen Park Pavilion on
the day of the performances.
Miss Anna Le Grave, Miss May Wood
bridge, Miss Nunan and Miss Gertrude
M. Grady will be accompanists.
The second performance Is to begin at
2 p. m. and will include the drills by the
boys and girls of the Turn Verein, songs
and sketches by Miss Hazel Callahan,
Miss Isabella Warrock, Miss Ruth Wil
son and Dan Gorham. Alfred Roncovieri
will play trombone solos.
The third performance begins at 3 p. m.
and includes a flag dance by Miss Alva
Jeffries of the Irving Scott School; xylo
phone solos, A. Kochman; recitations by
Miss Hazel Donohue; fancy dances by
Miss Frances Dougherty, and a doll drill
by the children of the Burnett School.
The final performance will commence at
4 p. m. It comprises skirt dances by
Miss Anita Cusack of the Irving Scott
School; recitations, by Miss Florence Rob
erts: vocal solos by Henry La Faille;
dances by Master Eddie Dougherty, and
songs by Miss Hazel Callahan.
Wednesday at 1 pJ m. and will Include
a chorus by the children of the Denman
School; a Japanese fan drill by the chil
dren of the Irving Scott School; solos by
William Mahood, Miss Alice Henry, Miss
Florence Robertson and others.
Miss Jennie M. Long will have charge
of the stage. Miss Estelle Carpenter is
arranging the musical programme. Prin
cipal Richard Faulkner of the Franklin
School and president of the California
State Teachers' Association, is the treas
urer and will act as floor manager. Mrs.
O'Neil, principal of Laguna Honda
School, and Principal A. L. Mann of the
Denman School form the advisory com
mittee. ; r /lj;.
The programme to be presented at Glen
Park pavilion will be unique in all its de
tails. There will be drills by the San
Francisco Turn Vereln, under the direc
tion of Professor Hans Goetz; humorous
sketches, stories and recitations by Miss
Long's pupils: fancy dances, choruses
and solos by children " of the public
schools, and instrumental solos and or
chestral music.
The band of the Hebrew Orphan Asy
lum will render a number of selections,
The festival «is to consist of four per
formances, which will be held in the pa
vilion at Glen Park. The teachers of the
public schools are working hard to make
the affair an artistic as well as a finan
cial success.
ONE of the features of the celebra
tion of May day, to. take place
next Wednesday, will be the an
nual public school festival to be
given for the benefit of the
Teachers' Annuity and Retirement Asso
ciation.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Catherine Coarum on the charge of mur
der for shooting and killing: Charles Dan
iels, a night watchman, in her house at
U33 J 4 Clay street, on the night of April 9,
was concluded before Judge Conlan yes
terday afternoon. The Judge held her to
answer before the Superior Court without
bail.
' The witnesses examined were Corporal
George Russell, Special Officer S. D.
Davis, E. G. Schumasser, Mrs. Louisa
Mann. Dr. Bacigalupi, S. M. Lipman, Pat
rick W. Clancy, John Rohde, George Pot
tier. Policeman Roediger and Detective
Crocl^tt. No evidence was put in for the
defent\ Assistant District Attorney Deu
prey conducted the prosecution. The wo
man's husband sat beside her during the
examination. He is a colored man and
is cook on the steamer Umatilla.
MRS. COARITM IS HELD
ON MURDER CHARGE
She Is Accused of Shooting and Kill
ing Charles Daniels in Her
House.
WOODLAND, April 26.— Mrs. John Wil
liams, a native of Tennessee, but for near
ly a half century a resident of California,
died in this city this morning. The fu
neral will be held on Sunday at 1 o'clock.
Mrs. John Williams.
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. "April 26.— Jaclc
Turner, who was well known in pugilistic
and sporting circles, and who was tho
trainer of John L# Sullivan for his fight
with Jake KHrain. died at his home here
tc-day, aged 61 years.
"Jack" Turner.
SANTA BARBARA, April 26.— Mrs. F.
M. Casal, wife of Health Officer Casa!,
died last night after two years' Illness.
She was 54 years of age and was born In
Philadelphia, being a member of the old
and wealthy Morgan family.
Mrs. F. M. Casal.
"WOODLAND, April 25.— John Martin,
the San Francisco capitalist, who recently
purchased the Woodland electric and gas
plants, visited Woodland to-day and
looked over the field. His new electric
plant will be supplied by the Bay Coun
ties Power Company. He will make ex
tensions and improvements involving the
expenditure of $20,000.
THE DAY'S DEAD
Will Mak? Improvements.
FRESNO, April 26.— There Is a bitter
quarrel among the raisin packers of Fres
no on account of the purchase of 400 cars
of last year's crop at 3 cents a pound by
a combine of four of the wealthier com
panies—Pcrter Bros.. Griffin & Skelley.
the Phoenix Raisin Company and Armsby
& Co. While the purchase was author
ized by the packers' directors, it is
claimed by the smaller firms ¦ that the
proposition was sprung on them at a
time when they could not Immediately
consider such a big offer, and that tha
four firms were prepared for it. Law
yers have been consulted and the deal
may be fought in the courts. It is claimed
that the Raisin Association should have
apportioned the 400 cars among tha
packers. .
Strife Among Raisin Packers.
SEATTLE. April 26.— The Alaska Steam
ship Association, embracing the four
lines from Sound ports and two from
Canadian ports, trading with Southeast
ern Alaska, came to an end to-day. The
principal cause of the rupture was the
demand of the Canadian lines that the
American members refrain from compet
ing for Canadian business. This was re
fused and the dissolution resulted. A
strong cut in rates is looked for as an
immediate result.
a Cut in Rates Is
Probable.
Six Companies Decide to Separate and
MADRID, April 27.— The Filipino Com
mission here has adopted a resolution
calling upon their countrymen ' in the
Philippines to continue their struggle
against American sovereignty to the bit
ter end.
COLLAPSE OF ALASKAN
STEAMSHIP COMBINE
MANILA, April 26.— Owing to hla Illness
the .appointment of Brigadier General
Ludlow to be Military Governor of the
Department of the Visayas has been re
voked. A board of surgeons has made art
examination and reports that General
Ludlow suffered from an attack of grip
and localized congestion, which has devel
oped" into a dangerous case of tuberculo
sis. General Ludlow will return to the
United States by the first transport.
Visayas Department Cannot
Take th© Position.
Officer Sslscted for Governor of the
ILI^NESS OF LTJDLOW
PREVENTS APPOINTMENT
SAN JOSE, April 26.— In the case of
Richard - Fernald, the -young druggist,
who was found dead in his store laat
evening, the Coroner's jury to-day found
that death .was caused by inhaling too
much chloroform, probably by accident.
It was shown that he was a free user of
the drujj. ¦¦.;.*- ; - - .,'
Inhal?s Too Much Chloroform.
PHOENIX. Ariz., April 26.— Ranchers in
the Salt River Valley are at a loss to
find- men enough to harvest their crop3,
just beginning to ripen. The greatest hay
croo ever known Is ready to harvest and
not half enoush men can be found to
care for it. Heavy rains and snow in the
mountains have given so much irrigation
water that Mexicans or Indians, who are
usually employed* have crops of their own
to care for. Ranchers are offering nearly
double wages to get men. but without
success. Unless men can be obtained the
less will be very heavy. / vr'-V".
Demand for Harvest Hands.
FRESNO, April 26.— Jose Cota, the com
panion of Juan Gonzales,- the alleged mur
derer of Antonio Ruis yesterday, on the"
New Idrla mine road in San Benlto Coun
ty was arrested at daylight here. He had
been drinking freely and spending money
liberally. This attracted attention and.
with the liquor In him, Cota talked too
much and divulged his identity and his
connection with the crime,, saying that
Gonzales had gone on to Fowler and had
all the money — about $150. Cota said that
he and Gonzales came on to Mendota yes
terday and reached town last evening, but
that Gonzales went on further on the 5
o'clock train. _. 7.U";'
Murder Suspect Captured.
KESWICK, April 26.— Harry O. Stone,
the returned Manila soldier, in whose
stead another soldier named Stone was
buried in Redding a few months ago,
came to Keswick to-day- to hunt up his
aunt, Mrs. Horace Drury. The stage
drove up to Mrs. Drury's "house and Stone
jumped out.
Mrs. Drury, who had never doubted
that her nephew was dead, did not recog
nize him. "When the soldier declared his
identity Mrs. Drury was overcome and
knew not what to say. Finally, catching
her breath, she burst into tears.
Stone is just learning what it means to
return as from the dead to those who
have mourned him.
of Keswick.
Stone and Mrs. Horace Drory
Pathetic Meeting of Soldier Harry
INDIANAPOLIS. April 2G.— Mrs. Benja
min Harrison to-day filed with /Probate
Commissioner .."Walker a forma! notice of
her intention to accept the provisions of
the will of the late General Harrison. By
the terms of the will she is to receive
$15,000 in cash, the summer home in the
Adlrondacks, the use of the home in
North Delaware street and the interest on
$125,000 during her life. After her death
the last. two bequests revert to the residu
ary, estate.
Under the' Indiana law she might have
demanded one-third of the entire estate,
which is valued at about $375,000. She has
never entertained any intention of doing
so, however, her representatives say. The
Union Trust Company, as administrators,
will at onoe proceed with the settlement
of the estate.
CALLS UPON AUNT WHO
MOURNED HIM AS DEAD
cides to Accept Provisions of
the Will.
Widow of the Late ex-President De-
MRS. BENJAMIN HARRISON
WILL MAKE NO CONTEST
¦ JACKSON, April 26.— War is on in Am
ador County Republican ranks. The
county went strongly Republican last No
vember, the Republicans controlling the
Board of Supervisors for the first time In
many years. The board has failed to oust
all Democrats from appointive offices and
replace them with Republicans. Now the
Jackson Republican Club, representing
one-third of the party vote In the county,
has adopted resolutions demanding that
the County Central Committee be called
in special session to consider the situa
tion. The members of the club pledge
themselves not to support by their votes
or .influence any candidate' for office,
either elective or appointive, who is not
in full sympathy with and an open advo
cate of the doctrine that" Republicans are
entitled to all appointive offices within
the gift of a Republican county adminis
tration. •
Amador County Republicans Object
to Retaining Democrats in
Office.
The incorporators in both instances are
stockholders of the Los Angeles Traction
Company, and it is understood that the
new enterprises practically amount to an
extension of the traction company's street
railway system in this city. Franchises
have been procured to carry the contem
plated lines through the corporate limits
of the cities interested, and it Is under
stood that surveyors have already ; been
over the ground with a view of selecting
rights of way.
DEMAND THE* SPOILS
WON AT THE POLLS
TWO NEW RAILWAYS
FROM LOS ANGELES
the Oth«r to San
Pedro.
LOS ANGELES, April 26.-Articles of
incorporation have been filed by the Los
Angeles and Pasadena Traction company
for. the avowed purpose of constructing
and operating another electric- railway
between Pasadena and Los Angeles. The
capital stock is placed at $730,000. .
Articles of Incorporation have been filed
by the California Pacific Railway Com
pany for a new line between Los Angeles
and San Pedro, with a capital of $1,000,
000.
One Will Extend to Pasadena and
The schooner had a narrow escape from
destruction in the path of a large water
spout last Saturday. The spout was first
seen when the vessel was in lati
tude 47.18 and longitude 125.02 west,
and was about three miles to leeward,
bearing directly toward the vessel. The
sealers got ready their bombgun to fire
at the approaching waterspout In an en
deavor to break it before it reached the
schooner, but the gun's services were not
necessary, for the spout broke and fell
when not far distant. It lashed the sea
Into a whirlpool and would have wrecked
the schooner had it struck it, as at one
time it seemed certain to do.
"When the death of Holmbersr occurred
the men were so down-hearted, they hav
ing only taken five skins since they left
Drakes Bay, that they decided to return to
port, although there is still a week of the
sealing season to run. They had but 183
skins for their season's work, and, ac
cording to their report, the other schoon
ers of the fleet will have a low catch.
Squally weather during the season left
few hunting days.
His was the third death of the schoon
er's company, two others having been
drowned in Drakes Bay, on March 15.
These two— "William Burr of Buffalo and
Frank Irvine of Victoria— with H. Halt*
had left the schooner in a small boat,
•which was capsized In the surf.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 26.— The scaling
schooner Enterprise, first of the sealiny
fleet to return, arrived to-night under dis
tressing circumstances. She sailed In with,
her flag at halfmast and with one of her
crew lying dead in the sternboat. This
unfortunate, who had died on Tuesday
last, when off the cape, and was wrapped
in blankets and placed In the boat which,
hung from the stern davits of the schoon
er, was "William Holmberg, a resident of
Victoria.
Special Dispatch to Tha f^ry ' "*~~-
Ill Luck Pursues the Vessel
and Her Season's Catch
is Light.
on the Schooner
Enterprise.
Flags Fly at Half Mast
SEALER LOSES
THREE SEAMEN
The acquirement of the Burlington sys
tem by the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern railroads is practically accom
plished, negotiations for "community of
ownership" of the Northwestern and
Union Pacific are said to be progressing 1
satisfactorily, plans for the extension of
the Gould systems are rapidly being car
ried out and things generally are work
ing so well that the announcement has
been made that the presidents of the
Western railroads will meet In New Tork
in June. At that meeting a traffic pool will
be formed if possible. The call for the
meeting of "Western presidents in New
York next week has been withdrawn sim
ultaneously with the announcement that
the meeting will be held in June.
Much surprise has been occasioned by
the postponement from month to month
since last February of a meeting In New
York of the presidents and the leading
traffic officials of the "Western roads. It
has just become known that the real rea
son for the postponements was the delay
in perfecting many big railway consoli
dation schemes that were regarded as
necessary to the formation of the hugo
traffic pool contemplated.
CHICAGO, April 26.— The presidents of
the "Western railroads are preparing to i
form the biggest traffic pool ever pro
posed. All the roads west . of the line
drawn from Chicago to New Orleans will
be Included In the agreement If the plana^
of the holders of financial control of the
most important systems can be carried
out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Postponement of Plans Due
to Consolidation of -
Companies.
Presidents of the West
ern Systems Are to
Meet.
RAILROAD POOL
NOW SCHEDULED
On the Kentucky side from Covington
through Newport, Bellevue and Dayton,
the situation is equally distressing; Thou
sands are out of work here and up the
valley, but most of them will resume
Monday. Among those closing tn-day
were the lower shops of the Kay & Egan
Company, rendering 500 men idle, 'i'he
street railways are still crippled, but tho
steam railways are running all passenger
trains as usual and they expect to be
ready to handle freight at all stations on
Monday.
Favorable weather is reported through
the Ohio Valley. Many sick from inun
dated houses have arrived at hospitals.
Relief committeea have been organized at
many places above Cincinnati where there
if. distress. It is estimated that 500 resi
dences have been inundated in the east
end of Cincinnati ami more on the west
side along Mill Creek Valley. These do
not include the flooded districts along the
frontage of the Ohio River, where tene
ment houses as well as business interests
suffered.
At Ripley, Ohio, tile Inundation is so
bad to-night that ali business is suspend
ed. From Main street to East Ripley
everything is under water. At Ports
mouth, Ohio, a rise In the Scitio River
has made the situation worse in the
northern part of that city. Over 2000 peo
ple have been driven from their homes in
the Portsmouth district.
At Bellevue, Ky., Just across the river
from the eastern part of Cincinnati, a
large Indignation meeting was held to
night because the Cincinnati. Covington
and Newport Street Railway did not fur
nish boats for transfers at all the flooded
points. The street railway claims that
boats are in such demand that they could
not be had at all places where the water
was over the track.-;. Later a crowd of
indignant people tore up the tracks for
some distance in the more elevated parts
of the town.
CINCINNATI. April 26.— The Ohio River
has been stationary here and for some
distance below Cincinnati since 9 o'clock
this morning. Local Forecast Official
Bassler said to-nij?::t: "I look for the
river to remain stationary until to-mor
row morning, when there may be a per
ceptible fall."
Sick and Injured Persons
From Inundated Houses
Sheltered.
Mob Takes Action in
Kentucky's Flooded
District.
ANGRY CITIZENS
DESTROY RAILS
SAX JOSE, April 26.— "VV. W. Allen, ex
secretary cf the Diamond Oil Company,
U in Texas. He left on the 17th Inst. in
the interest of San Jose capitalists, who
are buying oil lands. He will not return
for seme time.
An attorney who represents the com
pany that has employed Allen stated this
«-ven'.r>g that he knew Allen was not short
in hif. accounts, He had heard the story
to that effect and investigated the matter
before Allen was employed by the com
pany here. According to him AHen was
forced from the secretaryship of the Dia
mond Oil Company to make room for his
ruccesFor by W. O. Hilbisch and Dr.
Spcncgle. After Allen resigned his books
were experted by two men. One was in
the interest of Hilbisch and others by
Exoert Jenkins and the other in the in
terest of advisory directors and stock
holders by Expert Benkert. Both showed
his accounts were correct, and th« lat
ter's report was a sworn statement. Ben
kert's report was made because of a
statement circulated that there was an
overissue of stock.
Ex -Secretary Allen in Texas.
Experts are endeavoring to unravel the
intricacies of the system of accounts kept
by IV. W. Allen as secretary of the Dia
mond Oil Company. They ,are of the
opinion that in some way the company is
short cf moneys it should have received,
\ha amount of which is variously esti
mated at from J8000 to 510.000. Where this
p. mount has gone no one connected with
i he company geems to know. None of
the officers are willing to talk about the
matter.
The resignation of the secretary was
r«-celved gladly, and Elnce his departure
there has been something of a reorganiza
tion, W. O. Hilbisch being made the man
ager. He and Dr. Charles O. Sponcgle
ere the principal holders of stock in the
company. Various stories have been
Klven currency by stockholders. From
these it appears there, was a lively close
10 Allen's engagement, in which HH-
I'ifch and AHen had a hot mixup in the
1'arrott building, with the result that
J hilbisch came out victorious.
When Hilbisch was asked yesterday
about the attair he declined to say any
thing concerning it. Dr. Sponogle also
<* dined to give any information. All
they would vouchsafe was that no action,
criminal or civil, has been brought as yet
against any one.
A stockholder of the company, who had
access to the office of the company, made
n statement last evening that would indi
cate that the bookkeeping when Allen,
wnus at the helm was of a singular sort.
Ali entries, according to this informant,
w<?re made in one book, which was the
only cne that Allen kept. Cash receipts,
Etock pales, expense accounts and all
ether potable items were mixed up con
fusedly. When this was learned there
was hard talk and Allen soon after went
out. The Diamond Oil Company has a
veil down !**> feet in the McKittrick. dis
trict. Kern Ccunty, and owns a tract of
CJO acres.
Shortage Is Estimated
at From $8000 to
$10,000.
Secretary W. W. Allen Re
signs and Is Last Heard
From in Texas.
OIL COMPANY
LOSES MONEY
MAY DAY FESTIVAL WILL BE GIVEN
AT GLEN PARK FOR TEACHERS' FUND
Four Unique Programmes to Be Presented Wednesday, in
Which Children of the Public Schools Will Take Part,
Presenting Drills, Songs, Dances and Musical Numbers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1901.
c
11
All grocers sell it
The most wholesome and
nutritious substitute for cof-
fee and tea.
Made from the choicest
California figs, prunes and
selected grains.
A delicious, strengthening
beverage— holds its delicate
flavor to the bottom of the
cup.
Physicians recommend
Figprune.
CereaJTHE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, .APRIL 27, 1901.
12
SAX FltAXCISCO CALL. .
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Frenclsco
Call. cVner cf Market *T.d Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock *very night in the year.
UKA.VCH OFFICK.S-.-2; Montgomery Etreet.
corner *"!av; open until 9:20 P- '"•
SOO Hayes street; open «ntll ? ::3 P : «"•
.X3 McAllister street; open until S:30 p. m.
r.'.o Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
:P4I Misfcl'in etreet-: open until 10 p. m.
¦TA1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
lltltll S j>. m.
IV. Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
if-SC Valencia street: oi*n untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-seoctid and Ken-
tucky rtreet*:' open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
E^ELsToTrLodiT No. 166 F and A. »
M— Special meeting THIS (bATLK-^4^
PAY) LVENING. April il, at 7 JM\
o'clock. Third wEsTpHAU w M
fXCELSIOR Degree Lodge. No. 2.
I. O. O. F. - Regular meeting fig£33«S
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Flrrt degree. KIyGSFORD , p. M .
S F. SCOTTISH ThlFtle Club.— v «T >.
Member* and friends will please A QiWJ
meet at Banquet Hall. 22 O'Farrell ''KOLXX
•t. at S o'clock. THIS (SATL'R- ¦"**-«*.
DAT} EVENING, to Bttend "Tattle and Her-
ri n Surper." By order
GEORGE MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. I'ATERSON. Recorder.
GT. ANDREWS Society— Annual v %F 9u
fantly j.lcnlc at Fairfax Park, on 5\ SfMj
SATURDAY. May 4. 1901. Oak- iggj?
Ura fociety will participate: boats .
from 8«ur«llto ferry lauding at 6:55. »:30 a.
m . an* 12:45 p. m. Tickets. DOc and 25c; to
b« h«d from members or at wharf.
ALLAN POLLOK. President
CEO. RT. JOHN nREMNER. Sec.
JW.7 _ riCNir. PICNIC— 190L 1^*^^
Fernbrork Tark, NiW fan- X >y
.von. The Slavonic I. M. H A» 7fS3L^__ r l
Society. In conjunction with I. Fzr^SmZxLl
the Havonlftn-Amprirun ft ta "'ik»sS»-^
Society of Kan Jo*.\ will \S . a^KS
riv<> n triTid excursion an<l ¦*_ ¦** <^
i>!cnlc at Fcrnbrook Park. In channmit NIIps
Onyon, on Sunday, April 2S. 1501. A large
llvt of caiih prise*. A C»od time Is assured
to till. A !itM-< Inv!- union hand will be In
;•! ¦• !i.'.:in.-c. p.. •:;! ici;\.-f> ferry landing Bt
J>:!M n. in.; returning will leave park at 6
p. m., Khatn. Fare, round trip. Jl.
THE COMMITTEE.
TJAKMjri lloMwii' Protective AsFoclatlnn will
hoM their tTHVtlnp nt 102 O'Fnrrell Ft at 2:30
»>. m.. SUICDAT. April ZK All barbers tire
•nvitefi to attend. Don't ir/iBs this meeting;.
Imnnrtant.
AGKNTS WANTED.
A FIKPT-«'LAPS spent In each city and county
t > handle en automatic window cleaner, "Just
patented." vhich supplies water, washes and
dries the window: a quick seller and good
lirnfits: small rapltal required: exclusive ter- i
ritory aasicned; coll at 413 Kearny st. and
w^»: Fflmpl» by mail $1 25. B. S. HARRIS.
MAN or woman wanted to employ and superin- I
tend acentp; i!$ weekly Falary and expenses; j
permanent position. ZIEGLER CO., 520
llnnon ljulidlng. Chicago. 111.
WANTED— A local ae-nt in each township to '
pell our up-to-date, publications; good re-
muneration for finst-class people. Address
BTEPHEKSOy. box 114. Sacramento. Cal.
rtl<» commissions paid pood agents to sell stock
of reliable oil company Just organized. Room
<19. Parrott building.
SOLICITOR for milk. Apply at 219 Point Lobos
avp.. between 7 and 9 e. m.
ASI*ItAI/rUM KOOFIXG.
J. PHLTIER. asphalt roofir.g. sidewalks re- ¦
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTOKXKVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; .
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, any at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. •
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIIjSON, 92" Market St.. opp. Mason. ;
L. & <LAIiK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
p— — . — _-^— — — —— . <
HOARDING FOU CHILIIHUV.
CHILD to board snd room* and board for
parent, by respectable G»rman lady; rea-
sonable. Call 9,53 Greenwich st., cor. Jones. ¦
GERMAN lady wishes one or two children to
boaid. B> Minna st.
CHILDREN wanted to board: good family. 22 *
Geneva st.
WIDOW with a child wishes 2 or 3 children to
board: yard: best cf care. 1S07 California St.
ucstaness chaxces.
A— $1000; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
large transient trade; rent J40. Call It. G.
WILKE, CC'i Kearny St.
A— $3000; GHOCERY store (without bar) doing
a larse and profitable cash business; choicest
location in city. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
"OS Kearny st.
A-KCCti: BOARDING and livery stable, We'st-
ern Addition: net rent $4S; clearing above $150
per month: large patronage; stock of buggies,
horses and harness first class. Call It. G. ;
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A-$40(i : BRANCH bakery and delicacy store;
rent ?IS; living rooms; location can't be beat;
fcood business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearr.y st.
A— $700; STATIONERY, variety store; cigars
and ice cream: stocU invoices $1000; must be
sold at once: owner engaged otherwise. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny st. •
A— Ji3iO; RESTAURANT and coffe* saloon on
Kearny Ft.; rent $75; clearing 5180 per month;
<iaily receipt? about JCO. j Call R. G. WILKE,
l'f',1 Kearny st. j
A— i2000; HOTEL of 13 rooms, barroom, dining > !
hall. rtc. ; rent J75; place established many I
years; doing a steady, good-paying business; j
rare chance for party speaking French and
German. P.. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny st.
A— jaOO; STATIONERY, candy and branch bak-
ery with living rooms; corner; Western Ad-
ditions rent $10; good business; clean store.
Call U. G. WILKE. 23>4 Kearny st.
A— JOOO: SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and dclng a large busl-
r.eps; ret rent fl35: sicknes in family com- "
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— $200o; PARTNER wanted in old established
flonpr store, with nursery, hothouse, etc. ;
boiler, hordes, wagons, plants and trees of ',
ell descriptions; established many years and '
doing a money-maklne business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26M; Kearny st.
JIViO— PARTNER wanted; manufacturing busi- '
ness; large sales; cash trade; staple goods.
Mclaughlin & co., tttu Market st.
irT.V- Millinery store: bargain; going East cause
cf sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
I1&00 — DAIRY and milk route with cattle, near
<:ty: Roins to Europe cause of sale. Me- •
LAUGHL1N & CO.. 777H Market st. ]
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands, 2C0 groceries and bars,
TOO candy and Ice cream stores. COO restau-
rants. "00 stores of all kinds: partners wanted.
Parties with J100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us
WALTER HAYES &.CO.. S3S Market st. I
FOR private sale: some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Mkt.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt. ;
A. FINE restaurant: city front; $1500. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 753 Market et.
KiO-PAKTNER wanted in an old established
cash burfness; owner well known practical
business 'man; profits average SSO a month >
to each. Particulars with DOXVELLY &
«'O.. €32 Market st.
JSCO— SALOON; rare chance for the rljht man •
to acquire a good paying business; guarantee I
£!00 per month clear of all expenses: cheap
rent: 7 good living rooms; no better location
In the city. Business Board Trade. 326 Pine.
"FORTUNES Quickly Made la Oil"; write for
rew booklet (Just out); also special bulletin
"J2? advices on oil Investments: mailed free.
RECK LET & CO.. Bankers, CO Broadway-
New York.
TO LET— Small barber shop In town of Rich-
rvrnd: r.o rent. Call on or write to D. W.
FATRICAN. East Yard. Richmond. Contra
i orta County. Ccl.
WANTED-In a business that will bear clos-
eFt scrutiny, partner with $600: very best
references required. Box 4077. Call orflce.
*;«•— PARTNER in dyeing, cleaning: good man;
experience not necessary. l«21 Point Lobos av.
FOR sale— Candy etore and Icecream parlor:
g""d location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
CIGAR Ptand. good fixtures ;excellent location;
must sell Immediately: bargain. Box SL Cell.
A FIRST-CLASS new and second-hand ladles' I
clothing store for sale cheap, as the owner
!:a? other business; the rent is chep.p and lo-
cation first-class. Apply 103 Folsom St.
> DLI )-i;STA I5LISHED and irood paying bakery
" vind confectionery: Western Addition- cause
• sickness. 314 Devlsadero st.
ItESTAl'RANT to let— Opposite San Mateo R.
H. Oo.'s carhouse Inquire 229S San Jose ave.
COIINER ealoon for sale cheap. 223S San Jose
ave.. opposite carhouse.
SALOON: old-establ'.shed corner: 2 sunny liv-
ing rooms: most sell; other business. 304 4th.
PARTNER wanted; must be a good cook or
waiter. Box 4016, Call office.
tlSO— PARTNER wanted: saloon. G40 Commer-
cial St.. second door from Kearny: rent $.'0.
nrSIXESS CHANCES Cnntlnnfd. j
J3CO0— FURNITURE store In best business town
on coast; established 17 years: sacrificed in
onW to "lose estate; expense of investigation
pa!«l by us if not found as reprssented.
• HORN. SOLOMON" & CO..- 30 Kearny St.
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly in-
voice price; call and get particulars: it will
pay you HORN', SOLOMON &. CO.. 30
Kearny st.
WHOLE or half Interest In well-stocked paying
drug store on Market st. : rent only $63; good
lease; owner leaving city on account of sick-
ness; a bena-fide bargain. HORN. SOLOMON
& CO.. 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400;
or owner will sell half Interest to good busi-
ness man for JSCO; will guarantee J1S0 to $300
per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny st. . ¦ j
WHOLESALE liquor store: established 11 years; j
doing a business of J40.000 per year; books
open to inspection to reliable parties; terms
If desired: a rare bargain. HORN. SOLO-
MON' fc CO.. SO Kearny st.
fSOO— BUTCHER shop and trade: fine fixtures;
con more than price asked to fit up. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
J500— GENERAL meroliandixe store for sale at
a Fncrlflce: telephone exchange reduces rent
to t!2. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN". SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearr.y rt. ; tel. Main 1604.
OLD-ESTAHLISHED livery, boarding and sale
stable; 27 horses, 15 boarding horses. 4 hacks.
* 9 bugfrieg. 3 carts. 3 wagons. 27 ssts double
and single harness, blankets, robes, whips,
halters and everything necessary to conduct
the business; Income $900 per month: expenses
J6C0; will Inventory $7000; price *5o00; owner
mutt go to Honolulu. Call 1315 Stockton St.,
between Broadway and Vallejo. ,
FOR SALE— A well-established grocery *nd
general merchandise business In Oakland,
Cal.; will ssll for cost price of stock, which
will Inventory for about $4000; splendid op-
portunity for an active business man; rea-
son for selling, sickness; principals only
will be dealt with. For particulars »ce J.
F. STRKET. Attorney at Law. rooms 10 and
17, Si3 llroadway. Oakland. Cal.
SALOON and garden?: ottiabilMicd and kept by
present owner 26 years.; retiring account old
age; large ground*, big tree*, Rico tables,
benches, barn*; few miles from S. V. : town
SOW; cheap: fare 35c rrund trip: near R. K.
i-tatton; factories; good place for bus rides,
*m«ll plcr.lcw. etc.; i n thulnrs to responsible
parties; r.o ogrntii. A. C. CLARK. 622 Third.
WANTED— Energetic man with $3T00 to buy an
old reliable iml>nt medicine business, includ-
ing Btock, formulas, secret?, etc., owing de-
parture owner. Please call from 4 to 9 p, in..
Mrndel'H Pharmacy, corner Washington and
Broderlck sts.
WHT not stop in at SMITHS' and get a box of
their fine French mixed candy? 33c box; fresh
every day; full line of Lowney's pkg. candles.
ga Market nt. SMITHS' Department Store.
SHOE rtcre for sale In San Rafael; money-
making place for a sl-.oemaker. For particu-
lars apply to MAGNES. SEIBERLICH SHOE
CO.. S. r « Second st.. San Francisco.
WELL equipped French hand laundry: ex-
clusive cash patrons: without competition;
good profit: poor health cause of sale. Ad-
dress box 3823, Call office.
$200 — HALF interest in small patented iron nov-
elty; good chance for business man who has
had experience in introducing patented ar-
articles. Box 4031. Call office.
A MAIL dock restaurant, doing a good busi-
ness, for sale; account of other business.
Apply 597 First 6t.
FURNISHED barber shop to let. SE. corner
Turk and Scott sts.
FOR sile, or will take partner in delivery
business. Address box 4061, Call.
BAKERY and restaurant for sale cheap on
account of ill-health. Box 4019. Call office.
AN old-established fine paying grocery and
bar: on account of departure. 1313 Mission.
tOR Sale — Good saloon: cheap; proprietor goes
to Germany, t Box S7SS. Call office.
$125— PARTNER wanted in restaurant; fine
bus.; no exp.; clears $50 mo. 406 Fourth st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap, with living
rooms: complete. 126 Second st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch* of flee, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
I.ODGI.VC.-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
10 rooms; rent $27 50 $.Vi0
22 rooms; rent $47 430
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st.. near Market 500
14 rooms; on Third St.. near Market H50
14 rooms; on Mission st 650
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $130 1000.
24 rooms; north of Market: clears $200... v 200(r
27 rooms; just finished; very fine A 2800
20 rooms; on Geary St.; clears $135 2400
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300. 3700
80-room boarding-house; clears $600 8000
8-room flat; sunny side 700
G-room flat; very good 325
500 other houses. 3 to TOO rooms.
ABSTRACTS FRKK. PHONE MINT 796.
tlOO.CCO to loan at H4 per cent.
II. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. 5th.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S50 Market st. and S Stockton St.
Rooms 21, 22 and £3. Phone Bush 82S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or busi-
ness to sell list with us. We have cash cus-
tomers for all sizes and prices.
£3 rooms; downtown; modern apartment
house; clears $300 per month; first- ¦*
class investment $3400
31 rooms; business center: offices; good.. 1800
12 rooms: rent 150: oak furniture 1000
46 rooms; rent $175; cor.; clears $200 5000
11 rooms; rent $40; firip home; piano SSO
10 rooms: elegant residence; partly fur.. 750
34 rooms; rent $130; elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans... 2630
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms: excellent fr.rn. ; cheap rent... $200
15 rooms; rent $41 50; good location 475
21 rooms; downtown; clears $100 mo 1,000
55 rooms; flna cor.; apartment house... 2,500
102 rooms; biggest money-maker in city. 5.750
148 rooms; particulars given bus. people. 23. COO
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100, COO
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
KISHER & CO.. 933 Market St.. opp. Mason.
45 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
20 rooms; rent $50: location desirable ¦ 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
STYLISH furnished sunny corner; oak folding
beds; good carpets and bedding; income $100;
•rent $25; owner purchased store and must sell
regardless of price. FISHER, 935 Market st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.
3$ rooms; Powell $2100
42 rooms; Turk 3000
21 rooms; Third 2".»
15 rooms; Fifth; good piano included 1000
15 rooms; Ellis; a bargain 600
Many others, north and south of Market st.
18 ROOMS; Mission st.; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason St.: rent $43; price $750.
25 rooms on Howard; rent JSO: price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: rent $7T>; price $1300.
33 rooms on Eddy: rent $58: price $650.
12 rooms: Pine: elegantly fur.: rent $50: $1200.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office isr licensed:
I am established since 1S92; I loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEIXHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2, No. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
J300-LODGING-HOUSE. 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free: pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
14 ROOMS: central; transient; neatly furnished;
rent $40: bargain. Dtiinelly Co.. 632 Market.
SPIRITUALISM. '
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
wcrld-renowned spiritual medium; advice In
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve. ; letters answered.
¦ Resld. (no signs). 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough; Ellis car.
C. V*. MILLER'S Mother Sadie materialising:
seance to-day, 12 o'clock; 50c 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln st.
EARLE. 622 Geary Bt.. telephone Polk 1237—
Readings dally; seances Tues., Thurs. & Sun.
PKOF. GEE. readings, L. 50c; G. Jl; mall. $1;
clr. Tues.. Thurs.. SaL. S p. m.; 10c. 513 Jones.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-nigrht; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS '¦.'-•'
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to over-
pome them. Valuable advice In all affairs of
life: 25c up; perfect ratisfactlon guaranteed.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows picture of future husband
or wife; fees 23c up: satisfaction to every-
body: tips on races. 215'^ Sixth St.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
. dtarncFPs disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
FINANCIAL INVESTMENTS '
SECURITIES
\
WE LOAN MONZT. ANT AMOUNT. ANT PR o •<! »,T.O N
•»T. ID. 3D MOKTGAGCB. CSTATtS IN MOUTI, INTCHC3T IN
C8TATIS. UNOItflOeO INTtHBTt, UtO»Clt» «N0 tirC , . .
KXCHANGC. RIALTT AND LOAM* IN ANT PART Of
office: room 16 Chronicle Bldg.
TELEPHONE BLACK 5332 ' y- s
, SAM FRAHCiSCO. _^^^_._.^_:!^1_-.? —ISO*,
4/ 1?/ur»v4sy /6T7Q^»i/, '*<s*/L6 AviS&^ Ort&rt
1 * s (^ j~x " -y <
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance"
medium, is permanently located at 120G Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 2C; take elevator. Perfect satisf action
guaranteed by mail; send Ftamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. TRUE, clairvoyant card reader, has re-
turned from the East; will be pleased to see
her friends at 401 Oak st. "
MME. GYEISN, trance, business medium, life
reader, medical clairvoyant; office hours 1 to
5 and 7 to 9 p. m. 100S>,4 Market st.
11ME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.,cor.6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 Cth;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S4B.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist; card
reader: 2oc up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fall consult me; 23c. 123 Sixth.
YOUNG Miss Zemdar, clair.. palmist; names
given; hours 10 to 9. 1203 Market St., cor. 8th.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 20c. 148 Sixth st., room 14.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448^4 Jessie st., bet. oth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
TTnltPtl States or Canada one year for SI.
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Eeat-
lng Works. 333-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
SAXITARY cleaniner and dyeing company. 342-
S44 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth St.; tel. . South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth at.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 914.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 116.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, wartsT^chlN
i blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^hargTuin^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET^
FURNISHED or unfurnished cottages of^ 5
rooms and bath. Apply 2821 Bush st.
$14— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, bath, laundry; large
ground and stable. 1618 Sanchez st.
~™~, \
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for besL crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady < attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; platea, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1U3 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, EOc; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in orOer to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
CURRY, "Dentist"; a!l work guaranteed. 214
McAllister St.; phone Mint 276.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Busli —
Full set of teeth," $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 23c.
DR. R. I* WALSH.815"i Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5up;phonePolkll33.
DR. H. G. TRUMAX. dentist." third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. I\ Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, S69 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM — "Painlofes-" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market at.,- corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. - DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and beat in America — The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address In J the
United States or Canada one year for $1. ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating ; country orders prompt
! attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDCCATIOXAL.
G^XXL^GHE^3[lA^sirColiege? Parro^bYdX—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
Ehorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, J50; catalogue.
HEALD'K BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions: new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
instruction: positions secured: catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school" for the university, law and medical
' colleges: references. President Jordan or 'any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING — Civil.- elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen .School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand cost3 only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction: catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils In all branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. Box E, Call office.
PROF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 100S Mission et.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PAKTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATIOX-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., -24 Montgomery
ave., tel. John 1481, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.,' "best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants.. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135. >
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help.426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help. 411*4 O'Farrell et. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
GOOD all around cook wants situation to
cook' for boarders.. MRS. D., S04 Stockton
street.
A LADY well recommended would take charge
of children afternoons or evenings; terms 50c.
1628 Waller st. •
WANTED — By competent Scandinavian cook,
position In American family: good references.
Bex 4070. Call office. ¦__
JAPANESE man, is good cook, and wlf?.
want situations with family in country.
FRANK TANOKA, 368 Seventh St.. Oakland.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 E0 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to- and from ferry. ¦ .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia Et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT W.VXTED MALE.
RELIABLE middle-aged couple wish place to
care for or make themselves generally use-
ful; city or country; references. Address A.
H. P.. 213 Perry at.
RANCH foreman wants position to take charge
of a ranch; has had 13 years' experience; can
furnish good California reference. Address
box 40S2. Call office. -.
EXPERIENCED man around machinery and
tools, also as porter, excellent character, ref-
erences, wants steady position of any kind.
Box 4075. Call office. ¦ .
A RELIABLE man, 25 years of age, would like
a permanent position; $50 security. Address
box 4074. Call office. ' _
FIRST-CLASS musician wishes position; cor-
; net or violin. Address 632 Mission St., room 17.
YOUXG man wishes a position in wholesale
- house; references. S3 Shotwell st. . ¦ ¦« •
YOUNG man wishes situation In family; un-
derstands care horses, cows, chickens, -gar-
den; good driver; best references. F. S., box
370S. Call office. ¦ ¦ ' .- .-
YOUNG man of collegic, commercial and pro-
fessional education desires clerical position
(hotel preferred) ; best ref. 1151 Market, rm. 32.
COMPETENT rigbuilder wishes engagement to
take charge of a gang In the field to build
rigs andNJerricks. Address H. S., 1C63 Mission.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced (German, 35 years
'of ag-e), wants position. ROETHING, 1214
Laguna st. . .- •
WANTED— A position by a good cook and
baker in -hotel, restaurant or boarding-house;
. city -or country. 62. Second St.. room 14. '.' ",:-
EHPLOYMEXT WASTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with tools, would
like any kind of light work with board:
. small wages; city or country. Address 1211
Turk i-t.
GENTLEMAN would like different engage-
ments; can do surveying, civil engineering,
architecture, etc.; quick service. Apply 1033
Union st.
YOUNG Frenchman. 23, .highly educated and
¦ speaking several languages, wants position.
Box 4020. Call office.
WITH grood references, I want a place as cook
. in boarding-house or Institution in this city.
Address YEE LING. 20 Prospect place, city.
BURNISHER wants wcrk on plated or silver
ware. F. E.. 16S0 Eleventh St.. W. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
. FINANCIAL.
FIRST-CLA SS SECURITIES.
1 deal only in first-class securities; the cau-
tious Investor can usually find something in
my office exactly suited to his needs; call
and aee me. You are always welcome.
T. OTWAY SADLEIR.
¦ P.oom 40. 310 Pine st.
FLATS TO LET.
FILBERT, 934— Sunny furnished flat, 6 rooms
and bath; piano; fine marine view; cheap to
respectable party. ¦ ' ''
FURNISHED fiat of 6 rooms and bath; mod-
ern improvements; reasonable to right party.
323 Fell Bt. ¦ .
A— 10 DAYS free: sunny 7-room. newly reno-
vated: 442<4 Sixth »t.. near Harrison, J18.
A VERY «unny upper flat, 6 rooms, bath, mod-
ern Improvements. 10 Elgin Park.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath. 2229H Mission St.,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
SIXTH. 636A— Upper flat, 5 rooms and bath;
rent $12; water free. ;
SUNNY 5-room Hat. completely furnished; mod-
ern; bath, basement and yard. 932H Guerrero.
SUNNY upper fiat, 4 rooms; $3. 711 Harrison
St.. near Thlrd^ |
BUNNY lower flat, 4 rooms and basement: $10.
110 Perry at., nenr Third. K
6 SUNNY* rooms, hath and tubs. 176 Thirteenth
St.. near Howard.
3 KLKGANT new flats: Church St.. near ISth.
PLATS TO LET— Furnlnhed.
NEWLY furnished 5-rocm flat, with piano, to
September 1; $32 50 month; no children; refer-
ence. 1106 Devlsadero Bt.. near Turk.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1517— Middle; piano,
bath, garden, etc.. J2C: upper. $20: lower. J12.
FDRXITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Nicely furnished sunny upper flat,
6 rooms, bath; Powell, near Pine; no agents.
Box 401o, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
etoves : give us a trial. 1114 McAllister st.
FURNITURE WASTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter st. ; tel. Jamea 141. '
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny. buys &
eells your bus., merchandlse.fur., carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1311.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L.Vineent,13GC Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd nouses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fancy ironer, hotel laundry, city $10 wk.
Plain Ironer, country, short distance $25
Fancy ironer, same place $30
20 waitresses, country, city and resort
hotels $20-$:5
Waitress, resort, see party 9 a. m J20
Man and wife waiter and waitress, com-
mercial hotel '. -$45
2 chambermaids, country $15
Lunch waitress, no Sunday work $4 50
Restaurant waitress ~. $7
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nursegirls,
city and country, too many orders to itemize;
best of wazes. .
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Cook, wash and Iron, for Tacoma,
$30; cook for delicatessen store, country, $40;
cook, small resort, Los Gatos, $30, see party
here this forenoon; waitress, nice country ho-
tel, $25; laundress, private family, $25; 12
cooks with and without washing, for Ameri-
can and Jewish families, for city and country,
?30-$35; 10 second girjs for city and country,
private families, $20-$26; 8 waitresses, city ho-
tels and restaurants, $20-$25; German girl for
bakery, $20, and a large number of girls for
general housework in city and country, $20,
$25, $30, too numerous to advertise. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
25 waitresses, first-class commercial hotels,
$20 and $25; 6 waitresses, different resorts, $20;
5 waitresses, city, $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20; 2 chambermaids, $15..
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl, city, $25; 2 housegirls, San Ra-
fael, $25; a number of cooks, housegirls and
young girl to assist, $30, $25, $20 and $15; nurse
girl, ?15, sleep home; many others. MRS. M.
E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary St.
A— WANTED
Woman with some dining room experience to
take charge of dining room In Institution,
near city, $25 per month, with board, lodging
and laundry. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED — In a small American family, a Ger-
man or Danish girl for general housework;
must be a good cook; call bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
615 Steiner St.. near Hayes.
"WANTED— Refined lady, with J100 to learn gen-
teel and profitable business and accept good
position in country. Apply SCHOTTLER, 3
Eddy st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; Val- i
Iejo; plain cooking: no washing. Apply 60
Tiffany ave., bet. 28th and 29th sts.
WANTED— Front hands on neglige shirts;
steady work; good prices. LOWENBERG &
CO., 27 Jessie st., fifth floor.
"WANTED — Button-hole maker on/coats; wages
$12 per week. 135% Natoma st.
WANTED— First-class . finishers on custom
coats. Room 100. Donohoe building.
"WANTED — Good waist hands and skirt hands.
7S2 Geary st.
GIRLS wanted— Experienced operators on bag
work. Apply 111 Clay st.
"WANTED — Button-hole maker on coats; wages
$12 per week. 135}£ Natoma St.
2 GIRLS wanted to wait at table In restau-
rant. 1550 Market st
"WANTED — Experienced hairdresser; also ap-
prentice. 240 Stockton st.
GOOD tailoress wanted at 429 Montgomery ave.
"WANTED— Young girl; good sewer on curtains,
at 40 Ellis St., fourth floor, C. HATNERT.
WANTED— Button-hole maker on coats; wages
¦ $12 per week. 1S3V2 Natoma st.'
WANTED — In San Rafael, for general house-
work, an active obliging girl between age of
28 and 30 In family of six; wages J30 month;
must have good references. Address P. O.
box 196, San Rafael.
WANTED — Girl for candy store; good wages.
Inquire shooting gallery. Forty-ninth ave. and
B St.. Cliff House. .
OPERATOR on pants; must be first-class;
steady work; high wages. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO., 541 Market it.
"WANTED — Seamstress In cloak and suit alter-
ation department. Apply at HALE BROS.,
979 Market st.. before 11 a. m. , --.
BUTTONHOLE maker.' finishers and appren-
tices on custom coats. BELASCO & HAR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market St.
HAIRDRESSING taught la 4 weeks; positions
secured when finished; eve'g. classea; terms
reasonable. Halrdressing College, 574 Geary.
MILLINERY taught In 3 months; positions se-
cured when competent; eve'g. classes; terms
reasonable. Millinery College, 574 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced shirt or waist opera-
torg. EAGLESON & CO., 535 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS Jacket hands. E. MESSAGER,
145 Post St. ' , ¦
WANTED— Girl who • can run . body Ironer.
Standard Laundry. -M4 Hayes st. - ¦
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 2228 Sutter
street. \ ¦ i
GIRL wanted to care for child; call forenoon.
22 Tehama st. '
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
steady work. KONIGSTEIN. 409A.Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker v on coats.
- ISS',4 • Natoma 6t., near New Montgomery.
"WANTED — A girl to assist at housework." Ap-
ply 2228 Clay St., coiner Buchanan.
WANTED— 2 girls for tailoring work at 131
.. Russ st. ; good waees.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE Coil'
1 GIRLS wanted. to sew byhand. 723 Market
: St., room 35.
FINISHER on coats; also buttonhole maker.
135H Natoma st.. near New Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109o
Valencia at.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
RAILROAD WORK ;I
bO laborers tt ••»
Free fare Ship to-day
....For the big tunnel, Chatsworth Park —
One year's work
Headers $2 E0..Cornersn>en J2 50.. Drillers $2 20
Muckers $2 Outside laborers Jl 7»
Also opportunity for
Carpenters .and machine men, $2 50, $3
Wages paid in cash
No discount Free fare
.' MISCELLANEOUS
,10 farmers for orchard work Jl day
5 milkers $30-135
It&Han farmer to wcrk In hotel vegetable
garden. J25 Free fare
Millwright and saw flier country mill
See boss here J10O and found
Swedish man about place J25 and found
2 choremen $20-}23
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, baker, laundryiuan Summer resort
See boss here $240
Second cook for large hotel $110
Butcher, large hotel, free fare $'5
Second cook, country hotel $30
Second cook, summer resort J-10
Third cook, springs J30
Baker, small place, country $35
Restaurant cook, near city $60
Cook for cafe, south $S3
Restaurant second cook, city $65
Second cook, railroad camp, free fare $30
Pot and dish washers $25-!20
Kitchen hand, country Institution $30
Hotel man to act as steward and store-
keeper 340
Porter, who can run boiler, for springs... J25
Waiters, city and country $30- $35
C. R, HANSEN & CO 104 Geary »t.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-PAY
2 ship carpenter*, country $75 and found
Millwright, sawmill, Slsklyou County, sood
wages, see boss here
Woodworker and wagon maker $C3
15 blacksmiths, city and country
$«5, $3 and $2 &0 day
Carpenter, city shop, 8 hours work.. $3 50 day
15 ftlngle-hand miners and drillers $60
10 laborers, no experience, mines.. $30 and fd
CO laborers, section work, mines, sawmills,
1 woods and factories :S1 .".0. $175, $2 day
32 farmers, teamsters and haymakers.. J2G, $30
17 milkers, buttermakern and choremen. $30. J33
| 10 boys, city factories and learn, trades
Fare paid. ...10 laborers, sawmill co., $26 & fd
Cake baker, country shop $70
Baker's helper, $30: 15 cooks, $40 and $C0;
1 waiter and wife; cook and wife; porter: wait-
ers, city and country; ranch ctok. MURRAY
6 READY, 634-638 Clay st. \
A— WANTED—
Blacksmith helper for mine $42 and M
blacksmith and shoer $45 and fd
Carriage painter, country $45 and fd
2 single-hand miners $40 and fd
2 milkers. Point Arena $30 and fare paid
Milk wagon driver $30
Farm work and milk $25.
Choreman for ranch $20
Carriage washer JSO and fd
Milker for Merced $30
Cellar man for country $30 to $40
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
. COOK, country hotel, $40; restaurant cooks,
$9 to $10 week; hotel waiters for country,
$27 50 and $30; night porter, $7 week; vege-
table man, $7 week; dishwasher, $7 week,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sac-
ramento st.
2 FARMERS and wives, $40 and $50; foreman
for dairy, $75 and found; 6 farmers, $25 and
$30; choremen and boys, $15 and $20; milkers,
$30 and $35; sniper, $40; chain tender. $40; 4
¦ miners, J2 50 day; wood choppers, tiemakers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGCY.. E9 3d: phone John 313L
Blacksmith helper. city..Jl 25 day and board
2 carriage painters J2 50 per day
4 milkers $30 and $35 per month
4 laborers $175 day
' 4 men to make posts $3 per hundred
.4 men to;cut wood, pine 4 ft $1 25 a cord
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
—Head waiter for country hotel, $43; free fare.
JOURNEYMEN Barbara' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1533. I. LESS. Secretary.
PROF. JOHNSON teaches you to cook profes-
sionally better than your mother-in-law. 64
elegant soups from same stock, to earn $75
per mo.; Jl per lesson; classes dally. Phil-
anthropist Club, 323 First St., tel. Green 361.
WANTED— Man for this section -by old house,
solid standing; $36 cash paid for 2 weeks'
trial: permanent if successful. Manager,
331 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
BARBER wanted that will rent or buy a
first-class 2-chalr shop! revolving chairs; rent
$10 month, including gas and water, or will
sell for $75. Cor. Tenth and Kirkham, Oakld.
L ASTERS on men's heavy work, hand and
machine; sole leather and upper leather cut-
ters and fitters. Apply at E. E. GEORGE
SHOE CO., 35 Stevenson st.
WANTED — A boys' and children's clothing
salesman. Apply at S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market st.
WANTED— Competent clerk for grocery; good
salary to right man. STEGEMASN &
HOFFMANN. 14S Seventh st.
A STRONG boy wanted; one with experience
in a furniture and carpet store. Box 4073,
Call office.
RELIABLE- boy (17 to 19) to distribute adver-
tlsementa, $3 week. Call 7 a. . m. at 126A
Twelfth »t.
TRAVELING salesman to wholesale and retail
trade only: salary J1Z0O and expenses. Na-
tlonal, 302 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
YOUNG man for grocery; must understand
care of horse; apply In person. B. K. TUR-
ELSON. Golden Gate, Cal.
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday, J5. S093
Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
2 GOOD barbers for Saturday; $4 for the right
men. 623 Clay st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day; wages J6. Call early at S04 Valencia st.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and. Sun-
day. 515 Hayes Bt.
BARBER for Saturday from 10 to 10; J2 60.
519 Kearny st. ;i r/
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 217 Fourth gt.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 38 Sixth St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 467 Tenth
st., Oakland.
STEADY barber wanted at 521 Eighth St.; call
early.
LUNCH waiter wanted. €05 Montgomery st.
POTWASHER. 807 Kearny St., HUTU'S res-
taurant.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. -
BOY to help a plumber. 1017 Folsom st.
BOY to attend plumbing store. 1017 Folsom st.
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 637 Brannan
street.
"WANTED— "Walter. 1550 Market st., In res-
taurant.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st.
"WANTED — Walter to work on Sunday la
French restaurant. 25 Taylor st.
BARBER shop, 2 chairs, cigar stand corner
and living rooms; bargain. Box 40S1, Call.
JAPANESE boy for waiter and housework-
private family; wages ?20. 2421 Piedmont
ave., Berkeley.
WANTED— Cash boys . over 14 years of age
Apply at HALE BROS.. Inc. 973 Market St.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at.
WANTED— Good polisher or washer and Ironer.
Watsonville Steam laundry.
"WANTED— First-class silk and dress goods
salesman; state ase, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 4064, Call office.
WANTED— First-class window dresser; state
age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box 4063. Call office. . ¦
BOYS wanted. Inquire at. the Rope Works.
Potrero; wages from $1 per day upward.
WANTED — 1C0 men to take rooms 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard »t.
STRONG boy to learn custom shirt cutting.
36 Geary st.. room 46. •
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. S63 Mission St.. bet. 1st 'and 2d sta. ;
BARBER shop for sale. 701 Mission st.. cor-
ner Third; must leave city.
PANTS pressmen wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st. .
BLACKSMITH and 2 helpers. on wagon work. ]
318 Railroad ave.. S. S. F., Botchertown.
WANTED— German agents, well dressed, good
talkers. Call 9-10 a. m. at 605 Parrott bldg.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of .
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary gt.
BASTERS on coats. Apply factory of S. X.
J WOOD tc CO_ 27'Gearjr sL
HELP WASTED-.MALE— Coa.
"SVAN"TEI>— Recruits for the marine corps, XT.'
S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35:
not less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 4
feet 1 inch, able to read and speak English.
For further Information apply at the Recruit-
lng Office. 40 Ellis st...San Francisco.
ilEX— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years:
mailed tree. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and o6nventence.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
Beware of , any cheap imitations.
"WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class- carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
"WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 130 lars»
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to f2 per week.
WANTED- First-class cook for hotel; refer-
ences required. C E. EMERSON. Suaaa-
vllle. Cal.
WANTED— Reliable young man to Join m« in
a pleasant, profitable business. $20 per week
guaranteed: good man; J50 required- money
secured. Box 4C73. Call office.
WANTED— 109 men to buy new and Jnd-hand
army shoes. <1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have S00 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suit* to
order. XEXTHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do- Janitor work for his tultloa.
S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hou«e. 44 .Third st.. near Mar-
ket— TOO rooms. 23c night; reading-rooms; fr«»
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
A BRANCH office for Call adv«rtls«ments and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
HOUSES TO LET FITR.MSUED.
HOUSE of S large sunny rooms. nlc«ly far-
ntshrd; piano, garden, laundry; May 1. for
3 or 6 months: rent reasonable. 833 Mission.
HORSES AMD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for tale; also warona. bnniea,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
32" Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. P. VETERINARY College will commence lt»
Sd cession June 10. Catalofrue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FINE 2-seated trap for sal© cheap: almost new:
mutt be sold at once. Apply NOLAN'S
stable. 1611 California st.
FOR sale— Light span of mares, camping
wagon and harness. 1202 Mission st., room J.
5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons In good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buttrsrle*. carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy.
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send<for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
PERRY. 206, near Fourth— House of 4 rooms;
rent $7 50; water free. Apply G. H. UMBSEN.
14 Montgomery st.
JONES, 1S09. near Green— Sunny house with
S rooms and bath; fine marina view. Apply at
the premises.
HOUSE to let— 62 rooms and 2 stores, at 40S
to 412 Broadway: has been thoroughly reno-
vated: suitable for hotel or lodging-house.
A — NICELY furnished 8 rooms and bath; piano,
etc. 1512 Howard st. : MO a month.
COUNTRY HOUSES TO LfcT.
TO let In Santa Barbara— Furnished bouse:
house and furniture new; fine location: two
blocks from Arlington Hotel and one block
from trolley line; ten minutes' ride from,
beach; house contains four bedrooms, serv-
ant's room, etc.; gas and electric lights; the*
most complete and best furnished house in
Panta Barbara. For particulars address
FRANK M. WHITNEY. Santa Barbara. Cal.
SAUSALITO COTTAGES.
FOR Rent — A sunny cottage in Sausallto: 19
minutes* walk from ferry: take the bus.
MRS. A. D. BELL, Elderberry place.
SUBURBAX RESIDENCES.
IDEAL summer cottage: new; furnished. E. H.
BROWN, West End, San Rafael.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER. HEATER.
YOU light your flame, and by the time you ar«
disrobed hot batfi Is ready, at a cost of 2'^c;
call and see it In operation: send for Illus-
trated pamphlet. RIBBON WATER HEAT-
ING CO.. Examlnor building, room 607.
LOST AND FOUJTD.
LOST — A Japanese satchel containing purs»
with money and key. Please return to 109
California. St., room 21, or 1723 Tenth ave.;
reward.
LOST— Small buckskin bag, containing thre*
ladies' rings: finder will be suitably reward-
ed. Box 4057. Call ofEce.
LOST — Gunmetal locket, containing 2 picture*
and Initials R. T. P. Room 305 Examiner
building and receive reward.
LOST — "Wednesday night, between Orpheum
and Eddy st. cars, gold brooch containing
lady's picture; reward. S22 Washington at.
LOST— Bulldog: tag 2095; reward. 373 Hayes st.
"Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladle*
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis St.
MATTRESSES AXD IJPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned; expert carpet cleaning; strictly reli-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh st.
i MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire t»
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classea of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. "W. O'DONNELL. 101S Markt.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints; th«
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1123
Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
A — Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints In on»
day; the longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain; every woman her own
physician: can be sent: experience in all
cases Tor 27 years. 12 Mason St.. near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cur*
guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market st, nr.
6tli — Expert specialists; well known and reli-
able: 25 yrs. experience; treatment sruaranteed
to give Instant relief from all female trouble*;
* avoid Incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatmenj at
office; any ailment: home before and durlns
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies' specialist; best medical care; low feea.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALS:
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 133-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017, 1C19. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. abov»
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A -.BEAUTIFUL grand concert size mahogany,
pearl inlaid gnltar. which oriffinally cost J30.
sell for tie. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $330:
cost originally $1COO. UXCLE HARRIS, 13
Grant ave.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought.
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE,
£16 Mission st.
SAMPLES ladles' tailor made suits size 3t
bust; silk lined; cheap. 819 Post St.
FOR exchange — Large safe for small one O. 9.
box 4049. Call office.
DOMESTIC sewing machine: 7 drawers; good
order; complete: cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 15th.
A NO. 1 young fresh cow; milks 13 quarts daily;
gentle; reasonable. 83 Shotwell st.. cor. 15th.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bouzht and sold. KliOGH ilFU. G*»REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William . Asher to Daniel Asher. undivided
one-third of lot on N line- of Bush street. 24
E of Franklin, E 13 by N 70; gift.
George E. I and Cora J. . Dow to Edward Phil
ips, lot on E line of Broderick street. 112 8 V
of McAllister, N 25 by E 112:6; $2500.
Daniel R. and Mary . A. McNeill to Moses
Samuel, lot on W line of Baker street, 37:6 N
of McAllister, N 50 by W 96:10V4: $4500. . -
"William and Margaret McCormick to Eliza
beth R. Farrish, lot on NW corner of Page and
Lyon streets. W 32:6 by N >5; gift.
John Eichenlaub to Sophie Browning 1 (wife
af William), lot on S line of Page street 131:3
E of Shrader. E 25 by S 137:«; $2500.
Henry F. W. Schafer to George Bennett lot
on N-llne of Clay street. 112:6 E of Laurel. E
25 by N 127:S«; $3500. • /
Andrew Anderson and Ole Jorgensen (trus
tees of the estate of Jens Jorgensen) to Thomas
J. and Alice S. Jorgensen, Caroline L, Hein
and Cecilia M. Lewis, lot on E line of Capp
street, 100 S of Seventeenth. S 25 by E 95; also
lot in Odd Fellows' Cemetery; $3000.
Margaret C. or Margaret • Ryan to Joseph B.
Ryan, lot on N line 'of Nineteenth street 72:6
W ot Capp, W 50 by-N 60: $1500. ' • . •
Catherine Z. and Mary U. Walsh to Nellie
G. Walsh, lot on . N . line of Twenty-second
street, 345 E of Guerrero, E 43:6 by N 1U; gift.
Thomas Philbln to Bridget A. Philbln. lot on
S line of Dorland ttreet, 224:4 E of Dolores.
_' 50:8 'by S U5: gift
Nicholas Megica to Emily Mllcovlch. lot on
HOTEL AREIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J E Woolley, England
Mrs A Leonard, Loa A
M L Abbott, N Y
H G Grannis. N. Y
Mrs L Davenport. Butt
Miss L Beecher. Cal
W DIeterle, Los An?
F J Pertlca, Sta Cruz
Mrs M A Johnson. Mas
L 31 Johnson, Mass
B F Thomas, Sta Barb
C Purdy. Sta Rosa
M Johnson, Ross Valy
C Simmon, Stockton
J Mauidin, Mont
R T Cohn, Sacto
Mrs Cohn. Sacto
J F Coonan, Eureka
T D Petch. Eureka
T Langford, Eureka
Mrs C Langford. Cal
W W Orcutt. Coalings.
C R Puckhaber, Fresno
T Caseaden Jr. Iowa
J R VaUghan, Iowa
Mra Vaughan. Iowa
S Marigold. Cal i
N W Farr. Arizona
E E Wilson, Ky
A T Robinson. Oakland
Mrs Robinson. Oakland
O Scrlbner. Cal
K T Dumble. Texas .
Dr J B Cohn. Napa
MIm Beach. NY
Mrs C A Lippencott
London
O F Harvey. Pa
Mra Harvey. Fa>
U O Haskett, V S N
J J Hogan, Erie, Pa
Mrs Ho&an. Erie, Pa
H Karsbcrg. Kan City (
S G Chart!. Chicago
Mrs Chard. Chicago
J J Hebbron, Salinas
Mrs Hebbron. Salinas
R H Sanderson. Kan
Mrs Sanderson. Kan
Mrs W H Otey. Kan .
Miss Otey, Kansas
J G Tanner, c, S Cruj
J McCudden. Vallejo
Miss McCudden. Valjo
Miss D King. Petalum
Mra R Blanchard.Mich
H M Campbell, Canada
A Loeffelholy. Wls
Mrs C M Hausen. Cal
Mlas M Hausen. Cal
Mrs H G Hausen, Cal
H A Ramsey, Gavlota
C H Eaton, Reno ' ;
Mrs Eaton. Reno J
Mrs M J Eaton. Reno
Miss Eaton, TReno -
R C Berry. Cat
W W Barham. S Rosa
E F Uychoff, Cal
Mrs E H Haselton. S J
Mrs E Smith, S Joss
E W Rraley. Fresno
M B Fassett, Los Ang
F S Rollins. N Y
J W. Bolster. UBN
R H Stevens, Cal
Mra J M BogsdalU Cal
C F Can. O VII le
T L Bell, Crcadta
J H Tachudy.Kan City
J H Etevea. Cal
O Sylvester. Sta Rosa.
W S Shlppey. Vlsalla
N D Phelps, Comlnc
W B Grolner. Sacto
C M Hartley, Cal
Mr* Hartley, Cal
C R Heath. Vallejo
PALACE HOTEL.
M H Well. N Y
H W Cormack. N T
A Horton, N Y
D M Jacobs. Red lands
6 J Jacobs. Redlands
F K Alnsworth, L Ang
C M Hollenbeck. N i*
H A Kllmlster, Boston
C W Peck, Chicago
WE Brothers. N Y
G W Huddleston. N Y
G c Van der Kleft NJ
Mrs L Clark," Spokane
Mrs D B Dewey. Cal
Miss Dewey. Cal M
B S Warren, Pasadena
C Leonardt, Lob Ang
A Moore, Denver
A F Rosenthelm. Mo
A J Stelnman. St Louis
M Keith & w. Mass
W A McCormlck, N Y
A Horton. N Y > '
D M Jacobs, Redlands
A J Jacobs. Redlands
J K Ains worth. L Ang
A Crowley. Paris •
W L Tucker. NY *
W F. N Davis, Mich
A B Hammond. Cal
C C Weber & w. Minn
L McCreery. N Y •
Mrs C Morrison. N Y
E K Jewett & w. Bo»t
Miss C Jewett, Boston
\V Lewis & w. Cal
XV E Hodges & w. Chjc
Mrs P. E Hotchkisa,
• Chicago ».
W O Henshaw. Oakld
Mrs H A Crawford.
Napa
Mrs T Bolton. Cievelnd
Miss Lewis, Cleveland
Mrs R N Allen, Mass
Miss Carpenter. Mass
Mrs A Korr. Cleveland
Mrs £2 La Montague,
New York
Miss La Montague, NT
Mrs B E Gallup. Chso
Mra S Laskey. i Chso
Mrs n B Laskey Ch^o
E A Danlelson. Boston
D Sullivan, Ireland
J N Just Michigan
J H Flannagan. Oregn
Miss Flannagan. Oreffa
M S Bonfleld. Nev
l*rof W Russell, Ohlb
F Searls, Nev City
A F Jones, Ororille
W P Harnmon. Orovin
P ' I> Rldenour & w,
Kansas City • ¦
Miss Rldenour. K City
J P Jackson. Kan City
Mrs V Sootle Jr. K Cty
A C HI Were th A w.
New Tork
C M Hollenbeck. N T
F Cravens, U S V •
L Klrich & w. Colo Sp
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Classon, Sweden "
E Johansson, Sweden
C Anderson, . Sweden
It Ha meaen. Sweden
D Ramaley & w. Wls
P Petersen & w . Oakld
II Nelson, Oakland
M E Connor, w & c,
Spokane
Mra Wilson. 8pokane
D L Walters. L Anx
B Schu— an. N T
R ¦ W Brtseoe, Fresno
A MeMurdo. Fresno
E Elm. Fowler
F N McCan. Baden
L Snyder, Baden
O Thompson. La"
J D Jones, Iowa
R'A'Settl*. Denver
D C Balas. Coto
C Shocklev. US K
Tday Be Compelled to Relinquish Sis
. Government Position in New
. York.
STOCKTON. April 26.— TV. H. de Vrles.
father of es-Congressman, • Marlon de.
Vrles, to-day received a letter from Mrs.
de Vries in New York stating that her
husband was ill and that if he were able
would go to sorne springs In Europe,
probably Austria," during the If
not, he would return to California to live.
The Inference is that unless he should im
prove he will obtain an indefinite leave
from his duties as a. member of the United
States Board of Appraisers in New York.
EX-CONGRESSMAIir MARION
DE VRIES A SICK MAN
the next three month*, with a suspension of
them thereafter for six months. Pacific Gam
Improvement was also lower at I38O35 W.
Gas and Electric continued unsettled in til*
afternoon, as will be seen by the quotations.
Giant Powder declined from ITS to 112.
There was nothing new la the oil stocks.
STOCK Ain> BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. April tS-t p. m.
. UNITED. STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
*a coup 1139SU3T4 Us coup (new).13»^l*W4
4a registered... 113%113% ' Js quar coup.. .111 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C Ss.lOSH — Oak W Co Bs.-IOSH —
Cal-st Cab 5»..11T — Oceanic S3 6s. 10* 10K
C C Water Bs.110 — OmCR «s....lM —
E L & P 8S...12SH133H Pac G Imp 4s. — —
.F *.C1 Ry 6s. .115 — Pk & Cl R Ss.105 —
; Geary-st R 6a. — — Pit i O R 63..IIT —
Haw C 6Hs...lC6»-i — Powetl-st R Sa.120 —
Haw Co Ss 1021,— 8BO4R5s.- 100
L A R R 58. .113^114 S F & SJV 6s.U9H —
L A L Co (3 103 S R of Cal 6s. 119 —
.-Do gntd 6s.. — 104 8 P of A 6s
Do gratd 5S..10O — (1909) 113H —
LA P R R 5s.lO2% — Do (1910)..... 114 —
Do 1st C 5s. .101 — S P C 6s (1905,
Market-st C 6s — 137H Series A) 10tt? —
Do 1st C 6s..l22H123% Do (Series B)107% —
NCNORli.- U3Vj Do (1906) HO —
N R of Cal 6s. — 115 Do (1912)...:. — —
N R of Cal 5a. 119 — Do 1st K 5s.. 106% —
N P R R 6s..lOS% — R P Br R 6s.. .133 —
N P- R R 5s..lO8HM» S V Water SB.imi —
N Cal R 5s.. ..111% — Do 4s 103H103\
OOLtB Sa.llOH — Do Sd mtjr..io:\ —
Oak Tr Co 6s.U6 — Stkn G & E 6s.lOO —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Costa.. 73 75^ (Spring Valley. SS'i a
Marln County. 63?i — |
.GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pao Lt Co.... 42^ 43'*
Equit Gas .... SU 3% Sao E O & R. — —
Mut El Lt.... SH — S F G & B.. 37H t:%
O G I> & H.. 50 51 San Francisco. *% 4Vi
Pao Gas ImpKX— Stktn G & E4 7fc —
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.233 243 |
BANK STOCKS. \
Anglo-Cal .... 72% — Lon P & A. ..147 —
Bank of Cal. .406 - — Mer Ex (liq). IS —
Cal Safe Dep.lOofi — S F National. — 125
1st N of S F.310 315 r " -.„ - >
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 13C0 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual ..50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U....515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornia-st . — 140 O S L & U... 40 — '
Geary-st 47^— Presidio 23 »
Market-st 71 71%
POWDER STOCK3L
Giant Con Co. Tl'j 73 IVlgorit '. 2% t
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7 8 Kllauea ....... SO 2(Ui
Haw Com 53 — Makawelt *0X —
Honokaa 31 — Onomea 23 29
Hutch S P.... 20%— Paauhau 30H —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 130% — Oceanic SS Co AS —
Cal Fruit Can 94 98 Pao A F A... 3 —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Bor Co.133 —
Mer Ex Assn. 110 — Par Paint Co. It —
Morning Session.
Board—
" 10 Alaska Packers* Assn 130 75
15 Contra Costa Water 75 SO
230 Equitable Gas 3 2X
10 Giant Powder Con 75 00
150 Hana Plantation Co 1 BO
65 Honokaa. S Co SI 12^4
100 Hutchinson S P Co 20 75
15 Makawell 41 CO
10O Market Street Railway 71 00
$3000 Oceanic S S Bonds, cash 104 00
100. Paauhau S P Co 30 75
20 Pacific Gaa Imp 3s 00
30 Pacific Gas Imp .35 75
155 Pacific Gas Imp 33 50
20 S F Gas and Electric Co 39 00
30 S F Gaa and Klectric Co 33 50
30 S F Gaa and Electrlo Co......... 3S 00
20 S F Gas and Electric Co 37 87«-i
ISO S F Gas and Electric Co 37 75
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 37 B2»i
20 S F Gas and Electric Co 37 50
30 3 F Gas. and Eli^rtc Co 37 25
145 S F Gas and Electric Co 37 OO
50 S F Gas and Electric Co, s 60.... 37 75
$6000 S P Of A Bonds (1909) 113 25
J800O S P of A Bonds (1910) 114 00
800 Vifforit Powder 3 00
Street —
J2000 S P of A Bonds (1910) 114 OO
$3600 S P of A Bonds (1910). s 5 114 00
$5000 N P C R R 5s 108 73
Afternoon Session.
Board —
85 Cal Wine Assn 100 00
65 Contra Costa Water 75 00
10 Giant Powder Con 75 00
15 Giant Powder Con 7* 00
10 Giant Powder Con "..... 72 50
30 Giant Powder Cob .................. 7J 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co ;... 20 62^j
$1000 Market-St R R Con 5a ..122 25
$1000 Market-St R R Con 6s 123 50
35 Oakland Gas so 75 .
70 Pacific Gas Imp 35 73
50 S F Gas and Electric CO 38 OO
30 S F Gas and Electric Co 37 87^4
10 S F Gas and Electric Co J7 73
25" S F Gas and Electric Co, s 90 37 75
10 S F Gas and Electric Co, b 30 33 OO
... PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
- Morning Session.
Board—
, 5 Blue Goose 1 50
20O Central Point Con :........... 1 43
10O Central Point Con 1 so
25 Home 3 30
70 Home ;.. 3 23
100 Junction 4a
60CO Lion _ 15
1600 Lion is
700 Monarch of Arizona 64
,2500 Petroleum Center, s 30 13
100 Petroleum Center 14
' 100 Reed Crude 48
10O Sterling 2 00
IOO Twenty-eight 1 40
Street— .
700 California-Standard 40
100 Home 3 30 ¦
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2OP0 California-Standard J*
2000 California-Standard 37
4000 Four 48
23 Home — . 3 25
150 Home 3 30
100 Independence, s 90 is
100 Lion « ;.. 18
1C0 Monarch of Arizona 63
' 10 Peerless 7 73
50 Peerless, s 90 7 50
520O Petroleum Center 14
¦4000 Petroleum Center, s 30 ...;. ' 13,
1700 Petroleum Center 15
1000 Petroleum Center is
2C0 Reed Crude .*. 44
10 Sterling 2 00
400 West Shore ¦ 3 to
Street— > ; .
5 Kern « 87H
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
' - Morning Session.
Board—
100O California-Standard S9
SCO Four OU Co 61
1 Hanford M m
1 Hanford : •? 00
100 Reed Crude 49
, 100 Sterling « Z 03
100 Sterling 2M'i
ZOO Twenty-eight 1 S7Vi
Afternoon Session.
Board —
Z Hanford 17 M
500 Home Oil S 10
150 Home OU S IS
10OO Petroleum Center, s 10 13
SCO Petroleum Center 13
2C0 Sterling > S OO
i>. -• MINING STOCKS.
Th« -following; were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchamc* Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 17. 2m Mexican 34
500 Chollar 0»l 2W> Overman IT
40O.Con Cal A Va.2 S3f 400 Potosl W
(0 Confidence 60 1
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher IS WO Ophlr 1 OS
700 Con Cal * Va.2 40 200 Overman 19
500 Oould at Curry I "5 Son Savaxe 09
100 Hale & Norcrs 25 200 Sierra Nerada. 25
200 Mexican 33. 400 Sliver Hill .... 33
The following were the salts ta th« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
, • ; • Morning- Session.
200 Belcher ........ 14 300 Overman IT
(GO Best & Belcher IS 200 Potosi 0!>
200 Challenge Con. lt 400 Sierra Nevada. 23
110O Con Cal & V.2 37V4 200 Union Con .... 11
200 Con Cal & Va.2 40 2C0 Yellow Jacket. 1*H
300 Ophlr 1 02H 200 Yellow Jacket. 13
200 Ophlr 105
. Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher IS; 300 Mexican 34
200 Challenge Con. 12 200 Ophlr 1 OS
301) Con Cal * Va.I 40 500 Ophir 1 07H
200 Hale 4k Norcrs 25 150 Ophlr 1 lt>
200 Hale & Norcrs 24 400 Sierra Nevada. 2S
200 Mexican ....... 33 1100 Union Con ... 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAT, April 26—4 p. m.
- > . ' Bld.Ask. Justice ...'. M OT
Alpha OS 04 Kantuck n 03
Alta 04 0« Lady Wash.... 01 03
Andes 05 06 Mexican M 3S
Belcher ........ 14 IS Occidental 03 03
Best & Belcher 1* 17 Ophlr 1 OS 1 10
Bullion .... 03 04 Overman IS 19
Caledonia ...... «4 M Potoat M 0»
Challenge Con. It 13 SaTage 08 10
Chollar 09 10 Scorpion — M
Confidence SS (0 Scg Belchtr.... 03 04
Con Cal & Va.2 35 3 40 Sierra. Nevada, at .27
Con- Imperial.. — 01 SUver Hill .... 34 33
Con New York. — 01 St. Louis M —
Crown Point .. 14 16 Standard I S3 3 93
Eureka Con.... W — Syndicate .;...— 03
Exchequer — 01 Union Con ..... It. H
Gould & Curry « « Utah M «S
Hale &' Norcrs 24 23 Yellow Jacket. U U
Julia - • 02
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Clara Walter (owner) with Felix Marcuse
(contractor and architect) — All work for an 8
room frame dwelling on lot on SW corner -of
Sacramento and Lyon streets, S 29 by W 100;
$3800. ¦ ' ......
Mrs. Myra A. Greenwood (owner) with M.
Keatlnge and J. Leonard (contractors), archi
tects Reid Bros. — Excavations and concrete
work for a 5-story and basement brick build
ing on lot on S line of Mission street, between
Shaw alley and Second street, extending
through to Minna, 100 vb. 347: $6580.
Builders' Contracts.
Wilhelmlna Steele (owner) with G. P. "W.
Jensen (contractor), architects Stone & Smith
—All work fcr a 2-story frame building (2
flats) on lot on N line of Union street. 132:6%
W of Franklin, W 27:5% by N 137:6; $4396.
Morris C. Webster and Jane E. and George
Sturtevant to George L. KHz. lot 4, block 8,
State University Homestead No. 3. Berkeley;
$1000.
George W. Parsons and D. D. Crowley (by
W. S. Harlow. commissioner), to Robert L.
Forney, lot on N line of Central avenue, 311.77
E of San Pablo avenue. E 50 by N 10O, being
lot 21. block A. Parsons Golden Gate Tract»
Oakland; *330. .- »
Andrew and R. E. Guild to Edward O.
Arndt. lot on W line of Twenty-flrst avenue.
70 S of East Seventeenth street, S 35 by W 100,
block 38, San Antonio, East Oakland; $500.
E. A. .and Elizabeth D. Heron to May R-
Henshaw, lot on S corner of Santa Clara and
Walsworth avenues, SE 126.25. SW '65.04, NW
126.25. NE 65.03 to beginning, being lot 3. block
K. Linda Vista Terrace, Map 2.^ Oakland;
$11,000. •
Pacific Statea S. I* and B. Co. to Mary
Martin,, lot on S line of Wallace avenue or
Forty-fifth street,' 640.16 E of Salem, E 60,
S 146.15, W 50.20, N 150.66 to beginning, being
lot 20, map of Coggeshal Tract, Oakland: $1800.
John and Amelia Conant to Mlllleent Har
bert (wife of Edward L.). all Interest In lot
on E line of Fallon street. 35 S of Ninth. 9
35 by E 100. block 200. -same. Oakland: $1500.
Kate K. Wheeler to John Conant, lot on SB
corner of Ninth and Fallon streets. E 100 by
S 70. block 200. . Kellersberger's Map. Oakland;
$2000. -.
Mary R. and E. T. Henshaw to David E.
Rosllng, lots 14 and 16, on map of Plat 10,
Hitchcock Tract. Oakland: $2000.
N line of Twenty-eighth street. 228:8 E of San
chez, E 25:8 by N 114; $1000.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Ha
Jones, lot on S line of Twenty-third street, 155
B of Castro. E'50 by S 114: $3000. . ">.; ?
Rudolph and Eleanor. J. Spreckels to. Maurice
Casey, 'lot on N line • of O'Farrell street.' 200:6
W of Powell, W.74.-6. -N 60. W 60, N 59:1%, E
60, N 1S:1O,E 74:6, S 137:6; $123,000. "
" Annie C. Frank W. and Harry W. Ed
monds to Edward B. Hindes, lot on S line of
Bush street. 137:6 W of Taylor. .W- M:«a by
S 137:6; $20,000. ...
John and Dorette Feyhl to Georjre Golder,
lot- on. SB line of Minna street, 153 NE of
Ninth. NE 20 by SE 80; $5000.
George Golder to Edgar D. Peixotto. same;
$5000.
Henry Parsons to Charlotte Witts, lot on B
line of Eighteenth avenue, 278:11 N of Clement
street. N. 60 by E 120; $500. • .
Joseph Herzog to Fredricka Herzog, lot on
B line of Forty-ninth avenuue, 162 :S N of K
street, N 50 by E 120; gift. '
,-¦ Solomon and Dora Gets to Nellie A. Handy,
dot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue. 150 21
of K street. N 60 by E 120.- $500.
. Amelia ° F. Taylor to Solomon Getz. lot on
SE corner of K street and Thirty-fourth ave
nue. E 120 by S 600; $1000. •¦-
! Bertha F. Bennett. Bernlce B. Douglass.
Mary R. Mahar and Martha Davis Call Tay
lor) to same, same; $1000. ;
Solomon and Dora lietz to John H. Sherry,
lot on SE corner of Thirty-fourth avenue and
K street, E 120 by S 600; $2000. •
Carl D. and Frances Zella (by Henry S. Mar
tin. . formerly Sheriff) to German . Savings and
Loan Society, lot on SE corner ' of U street
and Thirty-second avenue. E 120 by S ISO; $400.
B. C. and Nina I*. Dalton to F. B. Htlmer.
lot on NW corner of Thirty-seventh avenu«
and X street. W 32:6 by N 100; $10. •
Peter and Margaret A. Legassa to, Josephine
Legasse. lot on E line of Adam street. 83 9
of Army. S 25 by E 57, .Predta Valley lots
242 and 245; $300.
Josephine Legasse to Peter Legasse. lot oh
W line of San Bruno avenue. 117:Stt 8 xf
Army street, S 25 by W 75. Preclta Valley
lots 242 and 245; $500.
Thomas Moran (by John Lackmans. Sheriff)
to B. L. Wemple, lot on STY" corner of Wyom
ing and Foote avenues, S 237 by W 320, block
13, West End Map 2; also lot 7. block 14. same;
also lot 1. block 1, University Mound.; $921.
Alameda County.
Puget Sound Lumber Company (corporation)
to Charles R. Hagqulst. the E 24:4 1-10 feetj
being the B half of lot 6 on map of lands of
Teutonla Park and Homestead Association, ex
cept that portion taken for widening Central
avenue, Alanieda: $S50.
Myra A. Greenwood (widow), Jennie B.
Greenwood (single), Frank. N., George D. and
Fred A. A. Greenwood to Monroe Greenwood
Estate Company (a corporation of San Fran
cisco), lot 17, block D, map of Peralta Heights,
East Oakland; $1000. I ...--•
Hugo Michel to W. Desler, all Interest In lot
on W line of Ninth street, 150 Sof University
avenue, S 50 by W 130. block ¦ 98. tract B»
Berkeley Land >. and Town Improvement Asso
ciation, Berkeley; $1500.
Mathilda C. Tillman to Otto H. Anderson,
lot on N line of Irving street. 227 :i% W of
Lowell.. W 50 by N 100. lots 65 and. 56. map of
plat 5 and portion of plat 0, Dohr Tract, Berke
ley: $1500.
Elva M. and T. M. Grige to Kitty D. Mc
.Cleave, all Interest In lot on SE corner of Ful
ton street and Bancroft way, S 44 by E 100.
block 13. College Homestead. Berkeley; $5000.
James and Sarah L. McKeown to Philip
Helm, lot on N line of Felton street. -230 E
of Paradise. E 50 by N 135. lot 12. block C,
Paradise Park, Berkeley (subject to mortgage
for $182): $2030.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRLL 27, 1901.
13
A NEW and harmless discovery, a 6lmple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter Bt ¦ '
THE Microbane Medical Co.. removed to 411
Geary et., where they gtye you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff: Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we also remove superfluous hair; call and see
us. Microbane Medical Co.. 411 Geary st
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary st. and you
will not be disappointed J this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
DRESS up— You'll find a complete stock of
gents' furnishing goods at SMITHS' CASH
STORE. 27 Market St. : gloves. 25c up; under-
wear. 25c up; dress shirts, 60c up: you can
save money; all new spring styles. '
ALASKA outfits at right prices; things to eat
or wear— not one thing, but everything: save
money and get the right things at SMITHS'
CASH STORE. 25 and 27 Market 6t . i
I GAINED 5 pounds in 3 months by eating
SMITHS' French mixed . candy; - It's pure,
that's sure; 35c pound at 25 Market Bt; worth
double. \ ' ¦ ' ¦ -•
NEIGHBOR WILLIAMS— I go for lunch every
day to Home Dining Room. 27 Market St..
sixth floor; excellent service; excellent home-
cooked food; right price. '
WRINKLES— Call and see woman wrinkled on
one side, smooth on the other; $1000 forfeit for
a case of wrinkles we cannot remove.* N. Y.
Inst. Dermatology. 105 Ellis st. B. F.
CIGARETTE and tobacco hifblt cured at
home; $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRh.
WILLIAMS. 1838 Polk at.. San Francisco.
Jl WEEKLY— Cults to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.,- between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st, near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
Dr. Harriett Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market at. nr. Sixth.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
C. LANDECKER, 20 Montg'y— Watches cleaned
a*id repalred.no matter what's broken. $l;guar^
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO,. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French £orn Paint, the best
corn cure; 23c; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paren. In wranner. for malltnsr. tl per year.
PICNIC SUPPLIES.
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market Bt.. for finest wines and
liquors; biggest house; open Sundays.
| PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst, many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
calves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence,
1021 Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG ' HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PROPERTY WANTED. '
$10,000 CASH to Invest (as a whole or in part)
in Western Addition modern Improved prop-
erty that can be bought for 50c on the dollar.
Address, with full particulars, box 4079. Call.
HEAL ESTATE; CITY FOR SALE}.
IF you are looking for a lot to build your
home on and you want to get a desirable and
a cheap lot then read carefully this selected
list of 4 of the best bargains in building lots
In San Francisco.
No. 1, N. side Union (sunny side), E. from
Scott, 2 lots 23x110; elevated ground on the
; hill, fine marine "view, basalt blocks, stone
pavement, ready for building; very choice; only
$1500 each; cars pass.
No. 2, W. side Sixth ave., 25x120, near Point
Lobos ave.; street woik done, graded, choice
lot. 4 lines cars; only $635.
No. 3, E. side Seventh ave., 25x120, near Point
Lobos ave. ; graded, street work done, gas,
water and electricity ready to turn on; Sac-
ramento and Jackson st. cars, Sutter and
Geary as well ; only $635. Both these last two
described lots are without exception the best
bargains offered in Richmond for many a year.
No. .4. a 50-foot lot or. the W. line of Eleventh
ave., 1S8 feet north from Clement, on the ele-
vated ground; this Is cht highest part of Rich-
mond; the marine view Is very fine; this lot
was selected by a seafaring man; Eltely and
eunny; 50x120 feet; electric cars pass on Clem-
ent; cost JI400; price only $1575; street work
done.
Sixty per cent of the purchase price will be
loaned on any of these lots at S per cent.
To builders and contractor* especially their
attention is called to these 4 bargains, sls there
is a fine profit in the purchase.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
A FINE purchase— The cheapest lots In Rich-
mond: only 2 left out of the tract; choice and
¦well located, with. all the etreet work done;
brick sewers in and graded; ready for build-
Ing; 25x120 each; 1 lot on Sixth ave., 1 lot on
1 Seventh ave., near Point Lobos ave.; easy of
access; the Jackson and Sacramento st. cars
pass on Sixth ave. ; the Geary and branch of
Sutter st. cars within a few steps; 4 lines to
choose from; price only $635 each; gas. water
and electricity ready to turn on; both these
lots are a prize for a contractor and builder
to buy to build houses on; they were ap-
praised at $900 each' In the Probate Court.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
EXECUTRIX AUCTION.
We have been Instructed by th© widow of
the late John P. Poole esq. to sell their grand
ten-room house and lot. stable and outhouses,
ISS Laldley St., cor. Fairmont st; lot 176x150.
Cottage of 4 rooms, 140 Laldley st. ; lot lCOx
HO.
One lot. 6Cxl21. on Palmer st. near Fairmont
One let. 100*100. on Laldley at. near Mateo
street.
Bale Tuesday. April SO, at 10:S0 a. m., on tha
property.
The above property must be sold regardless
of cost or value. This is a grand chance to
buy (rood pr/perty at your own price.
Send for (inscriptive catalogue.
J. A. MUNRO & CO., Auctioneers,
Otflre 240 frockton tt, S. F.; tel. James 1541
KRAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY C. S. CAPP
& CO.. «30 Market Bt.
O'Karrell, bet. Polk and Van Ness ave.— Lot
with 4 houses, well rented.
Eddy, near Jones— l_rs« boarding- house;
leased at C« fr month.
Lyen. bet. Hush and. Pine — Fine cottage, 7
rooms and bath.
A row of six neat houses; well rented and
never vacant. *
Folsom, bet 3d anrt 4th-Lot 100 feet front;
old Improvements: rent $100.
Forty lots south of the Park at $100 each.
Kino ranch adjoining Santa Clara: 160 acres.
50 acres fine land In Mill Valley; suitable for
pleasure grounds or townilots.
HOWARD-ST. KARGAIN. ~~
North side, between Fifth and Sixth: old
improvements with nominal rents, but lot U
In good locality; owner Is very anxious to
cell; price askca $1000; a reasonable offer will
be submitted. Particulars at
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
• 6 Montgomery Bt.
STOP PAYING RENT. ~
You want home, here is genuine bargain, 4
rooms, stable, lot 114x25, plank driveway,
cement sidewalk, bltumlnlzed block: must be
sold; call; don't delay: 11150 asked; make
offer. Owner. 415 Twenty-ninth st. : Mission
st cars pass door. .- -: : : ._\-.
t27.0CO— REDUCED from $30,000; lot 125x100;
suitable for manufacturing or storage: central
location. COFFET, HUGHES & CO., 630
Market st
FOR Sale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
8 rooms and bath. In a' desirable location
near park; reasonable terms. C60 Mission st
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park. .
then call on W. J. QUNN, S30 California st.
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable:
plans furnished. Salisbury.bullder.13S3 Market.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call. on W. J. .Gunn. 530 California.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any • address in the
United Ptat«» or Canada me year for tl. '
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. .
160 ACRES of land at $25 per acre, near Spo-
kane, Wash.; 40 acres 'Improved: free and
clear of tncumbrance; would like to exchange
for Improved city property In or near San
Francisco, Cal.: property must be clear of In-
cumbrance: I may assume a small lncura-
brance if the property brings a good .Income.
SERGEANT M. MARKKSON. Company F,
Thirty-fifth Infantry, U. S. V., Presidio,
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A~BEAuKFui/ home ; 11-acre f rult~ranch;
trees in full bearing this year; hard-finished
house, 7 rooms and bath, furniture, horse.'
vehicles, a good well; cheap for cash; owner
going East. Call or address J. WOOD, 2619
Clay st. ¦- : ¦
FOR SALE— Reasonable; a nice farm of B5
acres of good level land near town: well im-
proved: all fenced; plenty of • good water;
with or without crop; owner must sell ota ac-
count of ill health: terms to suit. Apply to
j. HILLEBRAND, Livermore, Cal.
OIL land, farms, stock ranges, garden land In
the oil belt at very low prices; any sized
tract. For Illustrated circular and terms call
on or write to J. F. BECKETT, ¦ Arroyo
Grande, San Luis Obispo County, Cal. Don't
fall to see these lands If you want bargains.
'FOR SALE— Ranch of late A. P. Towne, 1000
acres at Point San Pedro, two miles from San
. Rafael. Marin County: has water frontage of
two miles on San Francisco Bay. Address
GEORGE A. WOODBURY, Beverly, Mass.
BUY in Napa County: no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for free
copy "Napa County VitlculturUt". The' W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St.*. Helena, Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent. 719
Market St.. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
ECriblng farms for sale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
NEW house, -with 1>4 acres of land for sale.
N. BUCKLEY, P. O. box 174. Petaluma, Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
• home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200:
¦ well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR, 404 Sanaome st. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. .
FOR Sale— New cottage, 5 rooms; Just finished;
Weber st.; at first cost; choice lots, Encinal
Park station; 50x120: will built to suit; call
and get prices. J. H. YOUNG. Builder, 1243
Park st. i
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1700— WORTH $2300: 6 large rooms; lot 43x120;
1 block to train; electric cars pass the door;
fine mantel; tiled sink; 80-foot st. ;. all sew-
ered; $300 cash, balance $20 per month; place
will rent any day for this installment: must
sell on account of departure. W. C. MORAN,
Lorin Station, ¦ or Schmidt block. Berkeley.
$5700— ELEGANT 10- room residence; sunny:
view unsurpassed: lot 60x125; beautiful yard.
$2650— 6-room cottage; 2 blocks from TJ. C.
grounds. Apply S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
agent, opposite First National Bank.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
MODERN 5-room cottage: lot 37:6x130; east
front; sewered; near station and school: only
$20 per month down; interest 7 per cent; for
only a few days. '
17.85 acres ot land; near electric road; suit-
able to cut up In half-acre lots; very cheap;
part on mortgage; 'long time.
One acre on Frultvale ave; 40 grown fruit
trees; east frontage; very desirable; fine
neighborhood; near school; on electric line.
P. H. BLAKE. E. 14th St.. Frultvale P. O.
$1050— FOR sale by owner; modern cottage, 4
rooms, closets, bath, city water, 7-fpot base-
"ment: lot 25x100; half cash, reet as rent.. In-
. quire at GS Tevls st.. between R. R. and
Lloyd ave., S blocks from station, Fruitvale;
snap.
TWO choice well-located lots In Denver, Colo.,
cost owner $900 In 1889. to exchange for lots
or' small cottage in San Francisco or Oak-
land; will pay cash difference. PRATT. P.
O. box 6. Fruitvale. Cal.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — Lots, houses and lots or acreage in
beautiful Mill Valley. Apply S. H. ROBERTS,
real estate and Insurance. Mill Valley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,"
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
¦ '. OAKIiAXD R~AX< ESTATE.
$100 DOWN; near Adeline station: 4 rooms;
sunny elde; 25x133; only $10 monthly; dis-
count for spot cash. .
$750— Two-story house and lot, 50 feet front,
with well, windmill and tank; fine water
supply; close to San Pablo ave.; walking disi
tance of station; easy monthly payments;
discount for spot cash; see at once. •
$2750— Price reduced; forced sale on account
' of mortgage of $1800; fine large Eastlake cot-
tage of 7 rooms, bath, high-floored basement;
lot 50x140; sunny eide; near San Pablo ave.;
barn, flowers, shrubbery, stone walks, etc.,
etc.; street work complete; worth $3500; look
this up.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
" 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
$2250 EACH — Two new 5 rooms and bath cot-
tages on West St.. nr. 2Sth; caw be purchased
on easy payments; lots 'SSxUO each; must be
Been to be appreciated. Call or address A. J.
SNYDER. 467 9th st. Oakland. Cal.
FOR sale or exchange — A new 13-room house
and stable for cottage. Inquire at 1520 Eighth
ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAXO FORSITDRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schelibaaa, th«
furnitnre dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BIRCH ave., 617V4 — S housekeeping rooms, $8.
Apply 612 Grove st.
EDDY. US— 2 housekeeping rooms to rent to-
day: housekeeping outfit In same for sale
cheap. • . ,
1 ELLIS, 621 — Front room furnished for house-
. keeping; gas stove; $10.
ELLIS. 639. corner Larkln— Sunny front room,
$11; with kitchen and fuel. $15.
GOLDEX GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suites of 2 and 3 rooms, nicely fur.; gas; bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Sunny bay-window
suite. S rooms, nicely furnished: gas, bath.
HAIGHT. 22S— 8 nicely appointed housekeeping
rooms for couple; telephone; references.
HOWARD. "6H4— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; man and wife; others; reasonable.
LIBERTY. 12»— 3 or more elegantly, completely
furnished housekeeping rooms;, gas stove;
use of piano; phone; pleasant surroundings.
McALLISTER, 416— Large eunny parlors: com-
.plete housekeeping: f2 a week up; furnished
and unfurnished: reference.
MINNA, JS— Housekeeping rooms and single-
rooms, 75c per week.
MINXA, 454— S or 4 rooms furatshed for house-
kceping; separate entrance.
OAK, 119— Large sunny front room, furnished
for housekepolng; stove; closet; $9; S rms. $12.
SECOND. 212 — Furnished rooms for . housekeep-
Ing: reasonable and respectable.
SIXTH, ttt— Nicely furnished suite; also house-
keeping rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
.Valencia at.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polKe attendance-
large rooms. 60c up; meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Furl
, nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 639. corner Larkln — Sunny front room
$11; with kitchen and fuel. $15. -
ELLIS, 705— Newly furnished rooms; use of
parlor and piano. . . .
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to
let. - ¦ .
FILLMORE, 1014. near California— 2 sunny fur-
\nlshed front rooms. -
FOLSOM. S34— $1 a week; large eunny furnished
room; closet and bath; private.
GEARY, 1137— Newly furnished rooms,- en suite
" or single. - .
GOLDSN GATE ave., 621— Furntsh«»d rooms,
suites or single; meals If desired; gas; bath;
phone. . ¦' ' ¦ • ' '
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
' and Mission its. — Sunny ¦ rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
ROOMS TO LET— -Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
HOWARD, 844, flat A— Sunny front room,
nicely furnished; private family.
JESSIE." 363, nr. Fifth and Markets-Furnished
room 8/ $4 and $5. v
MASON, 213^— Furnished rooms; also suite
¦with piano; rent reasonable. ' ¦ .
NATOMA, 245— Rooms to let, $1, $1 25, $1 50;
housekeeping rooms. $2 SO per week. ¦
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window; sun all day; mantel; folding bed;
Welsbach. ¦
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL. 923— Large nicely furnished front
room, $10; hall bedroom. $3. ' ¦
POND, 72. near Seventeenth and Noe— 2 nice
sunny parlors, unfurnished; bath; $8.
ROSEDALE House, 319-321 Ellis st— Rooms,
night, 25c to |1; week, jl 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, S2^o
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished'.
TURK, 126— Sunny furnished front room sult-
able for a gentleman. $6 per month.
UNION, 1033— Furnished rooms to rent. •
VAN NESS. 930.....
Bachelors' apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
O'FARRELL, . 605 (Johnson House)— Elegant
large sunny rooms, suitable for family of
adults; excellent table; also single rooms;
beautiful grounds: references. . ,
FIRST, 323 (Philanthropist Club)— Table board
and sunny rooms, $15 per month.
ROOMS- and board; prices reasonable. 415
. First st., between Harrison and Bryant.
/AT summer rates: attractive rooms; special
table; wine dinners. 807 California st.
j ROOMS WANTED. '
1 LARGE unfurnished room, $3 or $1 per
month. Box 4047. Call office. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5S80.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIEsT
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
. teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, soM. rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 20$ 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office, Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 .Mission st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320' Flllmore at.; phone , Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slon st: tel. Mint 1S31. F. W. ZEHFUBS. '
r^if»iM_nriSjasoRTsI
ELEGANT home In Ross Valley with beauti-
ful grounds and surroundings; can accom-
modate a few boarders; table excellent; ref-
erences. Address J. P... box 4060, "Call office.
" TO LEASEJ.
LOVELY HOME. .
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from
depot; consisting of about 25. acres of best
wine grapes and baiance best fruit; apples,
cherries, plums, etc.:- lovely cottage, fur.
nlshed, also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.:
also fine winery and oooperage for 30,000 gal-
lons. Box 3S41. Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
i sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $S. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
; LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court in and. for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California
—In the matter of the estate of. EUGENE
TANIERE, deceased.
¦ " ETIENNE TANIERE. executor of the last
will and testament of EUGENE TANIERE,
deceased, having this ciay presented and filed
herein his duly verified petition praying for
an order authorizing him as such executor to
borrow money and to make a note, and to
mortgage the realty hereinafter described, for
the purpose of ; paying existing notes and
mortgages and costs and charges of this pro-
ceeding and of procuring a new loan:
. And it appearing to this court from such
verified petitioiwthat It ig necessary and
proper that sucn order should be made;
IT IS NOW ORDERED by said court that
all persons ¦ interested in the estate.' of said
decedent appear before this court on MON-
DAY, the 27th day of May, A.D. 1901. at 10
o'clock in .the forenoon of said day, at the
courtroom of Department 10 of said Superior
Court, at the New City Hall, In said city and
county of San Francisco, then and there to
show cause why that certain lot, piece or
parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, particularly bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit:
Commencing at the northwesterly corner of
Hyde and McAllister streets, thence wester-
ly and along the northerly line of McAllister
street seventy (70) feet;, thence at right
angles northerly one "hundred and fourteen
' (114) feet and six (6) inches; thence at right
angles easterly seventy (70) feet to the west-
erly line of .Hyde street; thence at right
angles southerly along ¦ said line of Hyde
street one hundred and fourteen (114) feet
and six (6) Inches to the point of commence-
ment, being a portion of the parcel of land
known on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as fifty (50) vara
lot number 1338. or some part thereof, should
not be mortgaged by said petitioner, executor
aforesaid, for the sum of twenty-two thou-
sand five hundred (122,500) dollars, or such
lesser amount as to the court shall seem
meet, and reference is hereby made' to said
petition now on flic herein for full par-
ticulars.
It is further ordered 1 that a copy of this
order be published at least once a week for
four successive . weeks in the San Francisco
Call, a newspaper of general circulation,
printed and published in the city and county
of San Francisco.
•Done in open court this 28th day of April,
* J. V. COWKT. Judge.
PROPOSALS.
S^N FRANCISCO. CaL, April L 1901— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
¦ until 11 o'clock a. m.. May 1, 1901. and then
opened for construction ot frame hospital
stewards' . quarters at Fort McDoTrell, Cal.
Government . reserves right to reject or ac-
cept any or nil bids, in whole or In part
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (In-
cluding In the prlc» of torelgn_productlons
the' duty thereon) being *>c.u_T and such
preference given to articles of Ametlcan
' production produced on the Pacific Const, to
extent of consumption required by th« ptiblio
service there. Information furnished, on ap-
plication to J. M. MARSHALL. AssUtant
Quartermaster General. Chief Q. M.
~_CAIlItIAGE~I.ICENS_Sr~
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
' George L. Holiworth. S3, 513 Stevenson
street, and Josle Schafter. 24, 613 Stevenson st.
John C. Tuekerman, 25, 415 Third street, and
Minnie H. McGovern. 24, 413 Third street
Frederick. It. Denne, 23. 613 Harrison street,
and Sylvia G. Todd, 23, Eaglescllffe. England.
Charles : Forest, 24, Fresno, and Amelia
Clyne, 19. Fresno.
George W. Cummins, 46, 142H Fourth street
and Helene W. Schroder. 37, 1919 Oak street.
Harry T. Walmsley, 32, 1159 Folsom street,
and Gussle Burger. 24. 1S1R Mason street.
William J. Cullen, 22, 2711 Martposa street,-
and Florence McGee. 19. 1320 Harrison street.
French .- Sweetland. 13, 776 Howard street,
and Lenna L.- Fleming, 21, St Louts, Mo.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. . .
CLOSSON— In San' Jose. April 14. lMt to the
¦ wife of Harry C. Closson. a daughter.
HEALY— In. this city. April 21. 1901. to the
wife of Dr. J. H. Healy. a son. •
SAL»-In Dawson City. N. 1 W. T.. to tha wife
of John W. Sale, a son. -
WHEELER— In Sacramento, April 25, 1901. to
the. wife, of .William H.. Wheeler, a son.
vffARBIED. — —
CAUFIELD— CAUVEL— In this city. April 25,
1901. by the Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller, Andrew
J.' Caufleld and Bertha L, Cauvel, both. of
San Francisco.
TEEPLTO-TURNER— In Elmhurst. Cal.. April
21. 1D01, by the Rev. E. E. . Clark, Percy
Morgan Teeple of Oakland and Gusele Elea-
nor Turner of Elmhurst.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
FO^S^^E^FTne~Ftock of chickens, all kinds
and sizes from 10c up. Derby St.. west of
Magce ave.. Lorln. Berkeley; Grove-st, car.
FINF suits Jl©- dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING rARLORS. 437 Montgomery Bt.
A— J3 F,0 DEHBY and Fedora hats, tl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Hill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
raid. S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
nuf differ/Tit makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
GAS pteam. oil and mining machinery bought
and sold. Livingston, 55S Mission st.. nr. 2d.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. liURKE, 139 Beale Et.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELLv 66 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bougrht. sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
BAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<5-hand moving plc-
tures. DULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post et.
BAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAVTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
M° XEy TO L _ OA^-.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc: do
rot borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will b« better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
C30 Market «t. Leans on estates In probate,
¦undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages, eta _______
ANT proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates Jn probate, interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; flret. 2d and Sd mort-
gages undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; 'mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay ; get my terms before doing buslnesi else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. I.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to rbtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low- ;
«?st rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. : tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third st
jrOO COO AT 6 per cent in sums to suit In city:
JU0 00O on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
ek<>: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches jewrlry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
blffeMt price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$rrm ON Oakland or other good property:
reasonable Interest. Box 2223. Call, Oakland.
3^ on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no commliwlon: private. Room 8L 6 Eddy st
MONEY leaned ralarled reople without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
CAFH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOrSLEY CO- Kl Parrott building.
LOANS. 1»t or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%. undl-'
vided Ints.; estates. HARPER. S97 Parrott big.
LOANS on salaries without lnaorser or secur-
ity: Kastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
CAFH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorspr. MORRELL. C09 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or Jn-
/innvr. B. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MONEY WANTED.
|ioo~WA^¥D~?o7~lio~c£y^^
P,nx 4076, Call office. ¦
MrSJCAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65 2 Chiekerlngs (like
1 H«-ine baby grand new) $200
Hike new) S32fi 2 Helnes $S15 up
1 Steinway tlSS 1 Hallet-Davls ...$465
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
rhase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos in ex-
istence, including Hallet Davis. Indorsed by all
the Kreatest masters; over 60,000 In use inmost
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
fc CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
. upripht or baby errand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. Now upright pianos. J6 per
month; somp good pianns sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oaklaod.
ABSOLUTELY the eldest and largest house '
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
it and 30 O'Farrell et: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
•»a prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A CHANCE to buy a gocd thing for less than
lt Is worth ts always desirable. We have lots
a good piano cheap. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
7CT Market st.
f PIANO 6naps-J60. $75. $80. J12S. J130; easy
payments: also Apollo slightly used, a bar-
rain. BENJ. CTJRTAZ & SON". IS O'Farrell
ft. Chlckerlr.g agency.
AN upright grand piano; used 5 months; must
be sold. See owner between 12 and 2 at 621
FMdy St. .
RKCKPTION week ct Byron Mausy's piano
wardrooms and factory; concerts dally; vis-
itors wplcemp; no tharg*. 308 Post Et.
A— *4«1: rpRIOHT errand, new. for almost
half. ;i6 McAllister Ft.
JS PER month rrr.ts a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CI-RTAZ PIANO CO.. D60 Hayes st.
J117-MAHCGANY rast Fischer upright 217
Oeary st.. room SS.
A FMALL dickering upright. $125: 6 uprights,
second-handed ; your choice at J110. 217 Geary.
GENTLKMAN going East must sacrifice hand-
snme S-pedal upright piano. 61S Eddy st.
S4K UPRIGHT. 1125 Knabe. $135 Steinway A
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market st. you
can cret storaire j>lanos almost for a song.
£ri?CIAL calc of pianos this week: Steinway.
Knab» and others. BRUENN. 20S Post st
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new: must be b*H<J. 801 Jones st
HIGH-GRAPE pianoe: Steck. Hartman. Con-
cver and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. S14 Post
.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; clce upright piano.
PCHMIT7- 1« McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
AT KEHFFE'S. SS Market St.. 4 elecant np-
rlrhtc ot your own price. Shoninger agency.
ETPFTUOn violins, liners, old and new. H~
WH.ITR. maker, rerailrer. I Latham place.
OKFICES ANO »TO»<K»_TO T^T'
TTaRGE. •tor*: li:.S~51lfslon ft., between
JVronih »nd Etrhlh: $1V
Ol_.
WHY do we eell bo much of our B-c«nt oil
*iwk ? Because It !? reliable and offers extra-
ordinary chances for quick and *ure profit;
eerd for prospectus or. better still, nee u»:
cpen evenlnrs. PACIFIC STATES MINING
• n<! INVESTMENT CO.. SM Toet et: estab-
H?hed 1S31
fir.o WILL secure a promoter's Interest (S000
Fhsrpsl In reliable oil company; responsible
r-UBlnes* men behind it: *»nly few vacancies
Wt: Invert irft*? this. CIS Emma Spreckels
rmndinK, ST7 Market Ft.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands In the
r*-st districts: investigate: Fearless Oil and
Water Co.: a ewod investment: water trans-
portation. 4W Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
JOFKPH B. TOPLITZ. 3X0 Pine Pt.
Memher PBonrcnns' oil exchange.
Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL tanks, peoflno'-hand, In good order; all
sites: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OIL LANDS. .
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
Mate. We can furnish you with lands In the
hort localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
rnmpanles cal] on us before going elsewhere.
fHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
TS.'Xtl ACRES oil land in various counties for
Iwiw find swle. ROniNSON. SS Geary ft., r. 6.
PAINTERS *NI> OEronATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
%X un. Jensen * Bath. 80S Sixth: open even.
PALMISTRY. . T 7 "
Taylor Pt.. bet. Geary and Post: M. Black 1.61.
••*mt\i-:m* vv \ n i i;u.
WANTED— Poctor a« p artner on new discov-
ery. Hox SvrS. Pall ofnr*.
PATKNTS A N n PK N S IONS.
ADVICK frw; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, Lawyer, Examiner big..
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday).- at. 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2103 Mason street, near Lombard,
thence to Shiels building, 3J O'Farrell street.
¦where tervlces will bo held commencing at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
I tery, by • carriage. ¦
"WILLTS— In Korestville. Sonoma County. Cal..
April 26, 1901. Robert Wllllr. beloved hus-
band of Carrie Willis, father of Mrs. Annie
Wallace. Mrs. Gertie Ogborn. Mrs. Frances
Peterson and Robert W. and John D. Wil-
lis, and brother of John Wlllia. a native of
Ireland, age<\ 71 years T months and 19 days.
(C^Notlc* of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral parlors x>t Charles H. Jacob &
Co., 318 Mason street; between O'Farrell 1 and
Geary; ....
WILSON— In this city. April 13. 1901. Mary,
beloved wife ot Henry Wilson. . a native of
Albany, N. Y., aged 55 yean.
CARD OF THANKS.
- G. H. Lammers and Mr». W. F. Ohm -wish
to express their heartfelt thanks and appre-
ciation for the kindness and sympathy ten-
dered by their friends In their bereavement. I
hbNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
' ¦ (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
10 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SOL
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS. I
Funeral Directors and Embalmera, I
SI EDDY STREET. I
Telephone South 252. ; San Francisco. I
No Connection With Any Other House. • ' B
IE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ¦ funeral, this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the' resi-
• dence of her aunt, Mrs. Daniel "Finnigan, 279
• Lexington avenue,- thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mas3 will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. com-.
• mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croaa
Cemetery. > ¦ .-
TOLLNER— In this city, April 25, - 1901. Wil-
helm S., beloved husband of Fredericka Toll-
ner, father of Anna Tollner, and uncle of
Theodora Sauer, a native of Germany, aged
52 yearn 4 months and- 9 days. A- member
of Norddeutscher - Verein, Schleswig Hol-
stelner Verein and Norddeutscher • Schuetzen
Club. ' • '
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, : 2425 • Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral • car from ¦ corner Twentieth and
Guerrero streets' at 2:30 o'clock.
TIGHE— In this city, April 25. 1901, Norah.
beloved sister of Patrick and Thomas Tighe,
and niece of Catherine and Margaret ' Tighe
and Mrs. Daniel Finnigan, a native of Turn,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 42 years.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock. 5 from' the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy, Cross Cemetery,
PHILBIN— In this city, Thomas, beloved hus-
band of Bridget Philbln, a native t>f Ire-
land, aced 73 years. . . .
PRICE— In this city., April .26. 1901.. at his
residence, 1339 Stevenson street, near Thir-
teenth, Edward, beloved husband of the late
Elisabeth Price, and father of Susie,- Lottie,
Rose, • Eddie and Arthur- Price. Mrs. J. F.
Meeks and Mrs. Edward -Parsons, a native of
* Cardiff. Wales. ' aged 64 years. * 4 -:.-
SIMON— April 26, 1901. Mrs. Hulda Simon, be-
loved wife of the late Bernard Simon, and
dearly beloved mother of Isidore and Henry
Simon, Mrs. Dora M. Welnsteln- and the late
Julius Simon, a native of Stettin, Germany,
aired 74 years.
SIMPSON— In this city, April 24, 1901. George
Frankland, beloved second son of the late.
\ George P. Simpson and Cassle- Stevens
Simpson, brother of Gertrude arid Ernest
Simnson, and nephew of Mr. and ¦ Mrs\ An-
drew McNair and Walter Macindoe. a native
of Canada, aged 19 years 5 months and 15
days.
C?Notlce of funeral hereafter.
O'LOUGHLIN— In this city. April 25, 1901.
Patrick O'Loughlln, a native of County Gal-
way. Ireland, aged 34 years. ' . ~ ¦ *
(E~FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 625 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his »oul,
commencing at » i o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NITHEART— In this city, April 26, 1901," Harry,
beloved and only son of Harry and Annie
Nitheart. a native of San Francisco, aged
6 years 1 month and 14 days. .- , .
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 26, 1901, Patrick,
beloved husband of Ellen O'Brien, father of
James, Evelyn and the late Nora O'Brien,
and brother of Lawrence and Katie O'Brien,
a. native of the parish of Schull. County
Cork. Ireland, aged 31 years.
C~The funeral services will take place
this day (Saturday), at 10:15 o'clock, at
her late residence. 1723 Nineteenth avenue,
corner East Twenty-fifth 'street, .East Oak-
land. Interment private.-, . y
LEWIS— In this city. April 25.' 1901. Meyer
Lewis, beloved son of the late Morris and
Johanna Lewis, and brother of Mrs. R. B.
Cohen, Mrs. J. W. Trieber, Mrs. M. Morgen-
stern, Mrs. A. Sldlowskl and Mrs. M. Gla-
ssr. a native of San Francisco, aged 43 years
3 months and 20 days.
MePAKE— In this city, April 26, 1901. Charles,
beloved son of the late Charles and Han-
nah McPake, and brother of James, .Owen,
.John,' Mary, Kate and the late Sarah. Mc-
Pake and Mrs. J. Doran. a native of County
Tyrone, Ireland. • •
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
this day (Saturday), at 1:80 . o'clock, from
his late residence, 617 Green street, thence to
New Italian Cemetery for Interment. N. B.—
A solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock, -at Sts. Peter and Paul's
Italian Church, corner Dupont and Filbert
streets.
LANGE— Entered Into rest. In East Oakland.
April 24. 1901, Juliet F.. beloved wife of Wil-
liam Lange Jr., daughter of C. C. Bemls.
' and sister of Angie C, Elizabeth A. and
Mary E. Bemls, a native of San Francisco,
aged 23 years S months and 10 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from her late residence, JL1C8 Pa-
cific street, at 9:30 o'clock, thence to St.
Francis Church, corner' Montgomery avenue
and Vallejo street, where a requiem high
' mass will be celebrated for the reposa of
her soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GUINASSO— In this city. April 24, 1901. Fran-
cesco T.,- dearly beloved husband of the latf
Maria Guinasso, and father of David J. and
of the late Fred and Julian Guinasso. a na-
tive of Italy, aged 56 years 1 month and 1Q
days. . .
IcyFrienda and acaualntanc.es are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday),: at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
GROSS— In this city, April 25, 1901. Mrs.
Annie E., beloved wife of William H. Gross,
daughter of Ann and the late Michael Cur-
ran, and sister of Anthony Curran. a native
of Haverstraw, N. Y., aged 20 years 6 months
and 17 days. .
*. iCFuneral and interment private.
DURKIN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 25, 1901, . Patrick Durkin. a native of
Ireland, aged 6Q years.
GRANT— In this city, ADril 26, 1901. Henry
K., beloved husband of Ellen Grant, and
loving father of Eddie, Harry, May, Maud
- and Bertie Grant, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 44 years 4 months and 14 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her parents',
residence, 919 Filbert street. Interment Holy
¦ Cross Cemetery. "S
DUNCAN— In this city, April 26, 1301. Ruth
Agnes, beloved child of William and Marie
Duncan, a native of Oakland. Cal.
AURICH— In this city, April 26, 1901. Abra-
ham, beloved husband' of Pauline Aurich. and
father of Frances, Gustave, Carrie. Charles,
Leon and Gabriel Aurich. a native of. Ger-
many. "
CARLISLE— In the City and County Hospital.
April 26, 1901, Mary Carlisle, . a native of
Maryland, aged 50 years.
DUDDY— In this city. April 26, 1801. Tessle
M., dearly beloved daughter of John J. and
Sadie Duddy, and sister of George A., Flos-
sie, Harry, Gertie and Joseph Duddy, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 11 months
and 12 days. ¦ . - . ¦
DIED.
Aurich, Abraham i Nitheart, Harry •
Carlisle, Mary . O'Brien. Patrick
Duddy, Tessle M. O'Loughlln. Patrick
Duncan, Ruth A. ' Philbln. Thomas
Durkin.- Patrick" Price. Edward
Grant, Henry E. , ' Simon. Mrs. Hulda
Gross, Mrs. Annie E. Simpson, George- F.
Gulnasso.FrancescoT. Tijhe, Norah
Lange. Juliet F. Tollner. Wilhelm S.
Lewis. Meyer- Willis. Robert
McPake. Charles Wilson. Mary •
PERSONALS.Just what title Fitzhugh will be given.
If any, is not. known at this time, but he
Is recognized throughout' the country as
a thoroughly up-to-date railroad man, and
as President Hays is perfectly familiar
with his capabilities he is bound to make
his Influence felt. Fitzhugh's coming Is
awaited with interest, as there Is an air
of general expectancy and a feeling that
still other changes may be contemplated
that will not be dispelled until the prom
ised circular of President Hays Is issued.
Harriman's instructions are I to put . the
cabinet scheme into effect without delay
and the official announcement of the
change may be looked foi^any time.
Manager E. O. McCormlck. who has
made many improvements in his depart
ment since he joined the Southern Pacific
staff, may be given added recogmition.
,A fascinator is a head- covering : for
woman, but- why it ¦ is . so called no man
knoweth. " .
. Copies may be -had by sending 10 cents In
stamps to the General Agent. Santa Fe, 'at
641 Market street, San Francisco. - ¦
' The Santa Fe has Just- Issued a beautiful
booklet descriptive of San Francisco and vicin
ity, lavishly Illustrated with artistic half-tones
and a number of up-to-date maps. , ¦"¦
A Book on San Francisco.
• Chief Sullivan was loth". to say any-'
thing for publication. I He was prevailed
upon, however, and said: . ¦ •.-..,
"I am satisfied -that I have- done" my
duty conscientiously, and will" abide, by
the judgment of the people of San Fran
cisco." j
* After filing the report, the Grand Jury
adjourned, dismissing a number of wit
nesses summoned without a hearing.
The police have acted, but their work is not
reported In the newspapers. United States
District Attorney "Woodworth has to my knowl
edge recently written to the Chief of Police,
thanking; him for his • co-operation in certain
raids on the prostitutes in Chinatown. Lieu
tenant Price's squad in Chinatown ¦ has done
much work that is not recorded In public
prints. For Instance, he arrested eighty per
sons recently on a charge - of - conducting or
abetting lotteries in Chinatown and the Police
Court dismissed every case for reasons best
known to the court It is hard to suppress lot
teries in Chinatown when the courts refuse to
act, and there is no appeal, as you know, from
the Police Courts when a . prisoner • is dis
charged. " " ¦
' I have read the testimony recited In the re
port of the Grand Jury and given it respect
ful consideration, but I may as well say now
as at any other. time, being fully informed,
that Iwill take no steps whatever looking to
the removal of the Chief. On the other hand
I will take every : possible step to strengthen
his hands and encourage his ; work. I, Intend
personally to make a public - statement con
cerning this department - which will give the
people information that will, satisfy" them that
they are enjoying a strong, capable and. honest
administration of the Police Department. That
is to say, it is conducted with an honest pur
pose and will be improved A from time to time
by detailing officers for special or general
duties who are best qualified for the work. I
know that such la the intention of the Com
missioners.
Doing Good Work.
of Vice, and voluntarily, 'as a citizen, took
an active part in the work and by his exam
ple and action has done much to Improve the
moral conditions of the city. There are Chi
nese missions in the heart ' of Chinatown,
where unwilling captives can find ref.uge. On
the other hand there are no doubt women
brought from China to San Francisco for pur
poses of prostitution. but they have been,
brought up to that life from young girlhood'
and are virtually slaves and know • no other
existence, and the traffic should be suppress
ed. For the most part, however, much of this
so-called slavery is common prostitution,
which . exists among the whites to a still
greater degree. It . is one of the great evils
of civilization and the less said about- it the
better. :•' . •
. It is understood that President. Hays is
very well satisfied with the management
of Kruttschnitt, but desires to afford '.him
more time for looking after the • detalls.-
It Is altogether probable that in the re^
adjustment of the working machinery In
the big yellow building Passenger Traffic
This plan is expected to relieve Stubbs
and Kruttschnitt of some of their more
irksome duties and give them more time
for other work. Stubbs, who is regarded
as one of the best railroad men in the
country, will devote all his time hereafter
to the duties, of general traffic manager
with the purpose of augmenting , the
freight business of the company.'
of operation of the vast system and' all
orders will be issued directly by him;
after consideration by the cabinet. It is
understood that the cabinet will have no
authority to Interfere with the president
in any way, but the members will in real
ity be advisers to the president, who will
be responsible only to the board of direc
tors.
FIVE MEN "WHO WILL COM
POSE THE SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC CABINET.
he would and that every man under him must,
do his duty. Why is it that he has failed in
his promises? That he has failed we need no
further testimony than his own. That he has
willfully, deliberately and continuously disre
garded and violated laws he is sworn to up
hold and enforce has been abundantly proved.
That the people of this city may no longer rest
under the stigma of sustaining;, negatively or
positively, the infamous slave traffic and other
public evils prohibited by law we recommend
his immediate removal from office.
Phelan T>ef ends Sullivan.
Then comes the final thrust at the
Mayor, reciting his duties under the char
ter, concluding as follows:
The Grand Jury recommends that he do his
duty, and command the Police Commission
ers and other public officials, responsible for
the conditions we have described, • to . perform
theirs. • • ¦ - •
A lengthy rehash of testimony taken at
many different hearings, ! much of which
would not appear well in print, but makes
"phat" for the printer and' stenographer,
winds up the remarkable report. • '
Together with the two " indictments
against . Sullivan, one charging-, the for
gery of Judge Mogan'3 name to an order
for $50," and again to an order for $100, the
report was presented to Judge Murasky.
The report was handed to the clerk .un
opened, and had it not been for:the per
sistency-of Barry in calling attention to
its recommendations, it would probably
have remained buried in the archives un
til Barry presented his bill for its print
ing. P.ail In the Sullivan cases was fixed
at $5000 on each charge. These are two
of those to which he confessed long ago.
Mayor Phelan, after being shown a
copy of the Grand Jury's report, ¦ and af
ter familiarizing himself with Its con
tents, made the following statement: ;
I have glanced over the report prepared by
Mr. Barry, chairman of ¦ the Grand • Jury's
Committee on Police Department. . He is the
editor of the Star, a , weekly . paper, . which
has during the . past year been making . per
sistent attacks- on the department. I The report
states that Chief I Sullivan has been negligent
In enforcing the laws, and recommends his im
mediate removal.. The Police Commissioners
have t-lected Chief Sullivan for a term of four
years and I know he .has their confidence, ¦ as
he has mine. The Commissioners, • as well I as
myself, are more familiar with the | affairs of
the Police Department ¦ than the Grand Jury,
and we are satisfied that the law is being en
forced so far. as it is possible to enforce it.
If the Chief of Police has "willfully or. cor
ruptly" — these are the words of the statute — '
neglected to perform his duty, he can be
removed and should be removed from office.
There Is no evidence of this kind.
On the contrary, the Chief has been . ag
gressive in enforcing the law. making many
enemies by it who will give their- moral sup
port to such criticisms as we have before us,
and there Is no one familiar with .the facts
that questions the honesty of his administra
tion. He has personally • visited • Chinese
houses of prostitution and with an interpreter
informed the women • that he ' would protect
them if they desired to abandon the life they
are leading, and they should have confidence
in his good faith. He is. a man of family, has
children of his own. Before his election he was
president of the Society for the Suppression
chief topic of discussion in
I railroad circles yesterday was the
I announcement that President
H, Charles M. Hays of the Southern
Pacific is about to inaugurate a
radical change in the management of the
big railroad system, in accordance with
direct and explicit instruction from E. H.
Harrlman, head of the syndicate 'which
recently secured control of the road. E.
H. Fltzhugh, formerly of the Central Ver
mont, concerning whom there has been
so much speculation . with reference to
hij probable connection with the operat
ing department of the Southern Pacific,
will soon be in San Francisco and will
be given a position of great importance,
although under the new scheme his com
ing will not necessarily mean the dis
placement of any of the present heads of
departments. • -
In brief President Hays Is about to form
a cabinet of advisers, to be composed of
the heads of practically all the principal
departments of the road with the single
exception of the law department. .The
personnel of the cabinet as at present
planned will be as follows:
President C. M. Hays, First Vice Presi
dent H. E. Huntington, Third Vice Presi
dent J. C. Stubbs, E. H." Fltzhugh and
General Manager Julius Kruttschnitt. W.
F. Heriin, head of the Southern Pacific
law department, will not be a member of
the cabinet, but he will be called into
consultation whenever . matters - pertain
ing strictly to his department are under
consideration. H. E. Huntington will not
accept re-election to the office of first
vice president,- but he will continue to bo
a member of the cabinet and "contribute
his time and experience to the manage
ment of the property In which he is - so
heavily interested.
The object of this cabinet arrangement
Is to centralize the authority and respon
sibility. President Hays will by this
means have a firmer grasp on the. details
When Chief Sullivan was -appointed to the
responsible position he was loud in condemna
tion of practices that had obtained under his
predecessors and vehemently proclaimed that
With great dramatic effect and many
copious drafts of water, volubility of ges
ture and flexibility of voice Barry ap
proached his peroration. Although the
censor's blue pencil marks were not vis
ible Barry managed to get through with
its reading without stumbling over any
of the interdicted phrases. Here was the
preliminary paragraph :
The well threshed over question of Chi
nese slavery and the conduct of the office
of Chief of Police during the brief in
cumbency of William J. Biggy consume
another large section of the report. An
interesting sidelight upon the selection of
a Chief of Police is also given in a para
graph on Major General Shafter that an
other bete noir of yciiow journalism may
be dragged in. According to Barry's re
port General Shafter was appealed to to
find an army officer who wanted the job,
but he discreetly refused to find one that
wanted to rake somebody else's chestnuts
out of the fire.
Long Reach for Shafter.
Some warm flings ore also taken in this
connection at the Mayor. and District At
torney.
Such methods •would be funny In a comic
opera. In the presence of a great and con
tinuous crime they become tragic and call for
instant Interference on the part of those higrher
in authority.
A lengthy review ot matters of hereto
fore published notoriety follows and Pres
ident Newhall and Mayor Phelan each
< ome in for a dressing down on account
of testimony given before the jury. It is
said regarding- Ncwhall's Idea of tem
porizing with the Chinese question:
The peculiar position of the District At
torney appearing 1 both as prosecutor and
prosecuted, as far srs his office was con
cerned, was dwelt vpon at length. "It
cannot be said." the report read?, ''•that
any man can faithfully serve two mas
ters." Attorney Ccfley. who was engaged
in the trial of certain cases by the Chief
of Police, is cited as the awful example.
He was attorney, it alleges, for the Police
Department and Chinese gamblers at one
and the same time.
Slap at Byington.
We have endeavored to learn the truth by
rigid examination of the v.-Knesses and other
wise, ana although vce have been only par
tially successful we feel that our Investiga
tion has developed facts astounding enough to
warrant this report, which we trust may be
followed by drastic action on the part of those
<harged with the duty, that the evils of which
we complain may n.-> Km^er be a menace and
chame to the community.
After disposing of the routine prelim
inaries Jamee H. Barry,- chairman of the
Committee on Police Department,' Police
Patrol and City Drivers, ascended to ihe
platform and in a. voice .loud enough to
be heard through the double doors and
out into the corridor beyond read a
lengthy printed report. He began- by say-
Ing that he had been ordered to prepare
the report from testimony given at regu
lar meetings of the Grand Jury that it
might be adopted for early action. The
investigation, the report recites, was com
menced last January, and the testimony
obtained covers some 4(K> pages of type
written matter. The report, the appendix
to which is hardly less voluminous, says:
Considerable difficulty was experienced
in securing a quorum and it was not until
an hour after the appointed time of meet
ing: and much use of the telephone that
the neceEsaTy dozen jurors were secured.
Finally fifteen answered to rollcail: Secre
tary Danforth, W. E. Lutz and Harry M.
Kelly were the absentees. Danforth has
resigned as secretary and his place r.as
not- neen,. filled as yet. •
A- l*»nethy and sensational report on the
alleged delinquencies of the Pclioe De
partment during the regime of Chief W.
P. Sullivan Jr.. concluding with a
request for his removal from of
fice, was read before the Grand
Jury yesterday afternoon and was later
presented to Judge Murasky as a partial
report Irom that body by Chairman Chris
topher Dunker. As a preliminary two in
dictments charging Dan J. Sullivan, for
merly bookkeeper in the office of the bend
and warrant clerk, with the forgery of
two orders for exoneration of bail were
tdso presented.
Major Phelan Ueposes Confidence
in Him as a Man and Officer and
Will Not Heed Bequest.
Sullivan Object of Attack
for Alleged Official
Delinquencies.
Reiterated Charges That
Culminate in Demand
for Removal.
GRAND JURY
SEEKS POLICE
CHIEF'S HEAD
¦ - Many-new members were elected at a
meeting of the Jirectprs of the Merchants'
Association .held yesterday in the Mills
building: It- was- decided -to request the
Board of Supervisors to provide out of the
surplus funds now in the treasury for the
payment of all legal claims of merchants
and others against the city for goods de
livered or labor . performed. The annual
meeting of the association will be held on
the evening of May 29, In the Academy of
Merchants' Association Growing.
¦ The best brands liquors,' cigars, etc.
Chris Zinsll, SE cor. Clay and Dramm. •
Captain Seymour, head of the detective
.bureau, handed to Chief Sullivan yester
'day his first annual report of the work of
himself and staff since his Incumbency, on
April 16, last year. The report shows that
the bureau has done its full share of. the
work of the, department.
: During the year. 6371 complaints were
registered; the value of; property recov
ered amounted to $29,113 10; 3600 criminal
circulars were issued; 1011 letters . were
written and 840 arrests were made. In
this regard the captain says:
• "This report will be but an index to the
work done by the bureau, as It Is impos
sible to reduce to a definite form a great
and perhaps, the greater portion of the
labor performed by detective officers."
The captain also says:
; "During that time • there have been
available for active outside duty a total
of twenty-four detective officers. This
force Is not adequate to the work required
of. the bureau, and I beg to urge an in
creas*e in the number of detective officers.
I am pleased to be able to say that most
of* the Important criminal cases arising
during my incumbency have been con
ducted" to a successful conclusion."
• Appended to the report was a record of
all arrests made by detective officers dur-
Jn the year, which will be printed, and
will serve as a ready' reference and will be
useful to the detectives. ... .
mour Presented to Chief
i Sullivan.
WOBK OF DETECTIVE BTJBEATJ.
First Annual Report of Captain Sey-
Wheelman to Wed.
Edwin E. Stoddard. formerly the ten
mile champion of the coast, and well
known In the trade here, will be married
at high noon to-day to Miss Charlotte A.
Colllson of this city. Mr. Stoddard is very
popular In the cycling fraternity, and his
many friends are congratulating him on
his latest winning In the race of life.
The Slavonic Illyrlc Mutual Benevolent
Society will hold Its forty-fourth annual
picnic at Fernbrook Park to-morrow.
Trains will leave the ferry depot at 9:30
o clock a. m. and on the return trip will
leave the park at 6 o'clock. Special ar
rangements have been made for the affair
and an enjoyable outing Is promised.
Slavonic Society to Hold Picnic.
Sciences Hall. In accordance with the
constitution of the association, a nominat
ing committee was elected to present fif
teen names for the next board of direct
ors, to be voted upon at the annual meet
ing- of the association. The committee 13
composed of M. 8. Kohlberg, Daniel V.
Kelly, Spencer Buckbee. Isaac Upham, A.
Schilling, Frank A. Vail and Henry Mich
aels.
The local delivery drivers have organ
ized a trades union with the assistance of
Secretary Ed Rosenberg of the Labor
Council. . The following, temporary offi
cers have been elected: Chairman, E.
Warren; . recording secretary, E.
Hewelcke; financial secretary, J. Mayes;
treasurer, W. Grace; sergeant at arms,
F. Bukle. > - ¦ . . .
Delivery Drivers Organize.
Beer-Drivers' Trouble Settled.
The trouble heretofore existing between
the beer drivers and the Brewers' Pro
tective Association has at last been ami
cably adjusted. The. officers of the Brew
ers' Association and the Beer I>rlvers'
Union have attached their signatures to
an agreement which regulates the em
ployment of beer drivers and stablemen
in all the. breweries of this city, with the
exception of two. The wage scale rules
and regulations agreed on In the contract
.will so into effect on Monday next.
The union decided to levy an assess
ment on all of Its members of $1 to assist
in defraying the expenses of the recent
strike In Portland, and the dues of the
union were raised to $1 per month, la
conformity with a regulation of the Na
tional Union that' all locals in the same
city must pay equally high dues.
The following new delegates were seat
ed: Coremakers, John Lyon; San Fran
cisco Butchers' Workers' Protective As
sociation, TV. TVeis, George Schade. M.
Flaherty. Charles Ruislnger, Fred W.
Zimmermann. Robert Dunbar. C. S. K.
Cabansky, Henry Van Tassel, "William
Short and Herman May; Street Sweepers,
W. J. Mills, Herman Gottschllck and E.
Grosjean; Newspaper Mailers' Union,
William Griffith and H. Raublnger.
The boycott on Sanborn & Vail was or
dered continued and financial aid prom
ised'the men now out on the strike.
The admission of the Shipping Clerks
"Union was referred to the executive com
mittee' for further Investigation.
Having disposed of the boycott question
the Council proceeded to transact its
usual business, which consisted In part of
receiving reports from committees. This
included the lifting of the boycott from
the cooper shop of J. Kuclch, he having
agreed to unionize his shop.
The Metal Polishers, Buffers and Pla
ters, through their delegates, reported
that the strike was still on, with seventy
flve men out. The trouble of the beer
drivers wa3 reported adjusted and the
olive branch will be hoisted next Monday.
to involve many Interests In a. bitter contro
versy Is now ended.
¦By order of the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil.' Respectfully submitted,
W. H. GOFF. President.
I ED ROSEN BERG. Secretary. •
Committee Eeports Beceived.
The Building Trades Council continued" to
boycott the baseball games. During all this
time the Labor Council stood ready to fight
the West Coast Furniture Company along lines
that .it could approve, and when the Varnish
ers' And , Polishers' Union, ' affiliated ,both with
the Labor and Building Trades councils, re
quested the former body to levy a boycott on
the West Coast Furniture- Company the execu
tive committee of the Labor Council instructed
(Secretary Rosenberg of that organization and
Organizer J. D. Pierce of the American . Fed
eration of Labor to Interview that company
and request It to make peace with the unions.
The constitution of the Labor Council, follow
ing that of . the American Federation of Labor
in the matter of levying boycotts, prescribes
that before a boycott is levied there shall be
an • Investigation had and . the party against
whom ' the boycott g> Is sought must first be
given an opportunity to right the wrong with
which he Is charged. After several conferences
with the committee of the Labor Council the
West Coast Furniture Company signed the de
cision of the arbitration board, thus ending 1 the
long and bitter fight for the eight-hour day.
The Labor Council, the Building Trades Coun
cil and their affiliated unions all have helped
to gain this victory, and each and all ought
to be glad that what at one time threatened
Boycott of Baseball Games.
Harris & Co., owning a cigar store at 3 and
5 Stockton street, San Francisco, became in
volved in the fight through the letting of a
contract for fixture work for their cigar store
to the West Coast Furniture Company. I The
Building ' Trades • Council declared unfair any
store or place of amusement in which Henry
Harris is interested. The fight thus spread
to .the baseball games. At this stage the
Building Trades Council requested the Labor
Council to indorse the boycott on the base
ball concerns. After thorough investigation,
by the i executive committee of the Labor
Council and after' committees of the Building
Trades Council had been given hearings be
fore the executive committee and the Council
itself, by a vote of 15 to 60 the Labor Council
refused, to Indorse the boycott on the baseball
concerns. /The Labor Council decided that it
was .not. just to boycott, the baseball concerns
because one of their members in pursuit of a
business entirely foreign to the' baseball
games was accused of an unfriendly act to
ward the trade unions'-' of this city. ¦•
The West Coast Furniture Company (L. &
E. Emanuel). having signed the decision of
the arbitration board selected to arbitrate the
millmen's strike, thus becoming a union con
cern, • the following statement of the attitude
of the Labor ¦ Council In the controversy is,
we believe, of general public interest.
Without exception the trade unions of this
city supported the Millmen's Union in Its fight
for the eight-hour day and the recognition of
the union. Moral and financial assistance was
rendered. • When the arbitration board chosen
to adjust this industrial dispute rendered Its
decision and : some of the members of the
Planing Millmen's Association refused to abide
by the same, the trade unions of this city
stood ' ready to continue their support to the
millmen's and other unions directly affected
by this refusal. The West Coast Furniture
Company refusing to " sign the arbitration
agreement, a fight has been carried on against
Attitude of Labor Council.
The following 1 report of Secretary
Rosenberg and Delegate Pierce was sub
mitted to the Council, adopted by unani
mous vote and ordered spread on the min
utes: ...-•_
Every available seat In the large hall of
Pythian Castle was. filled at the meeting
of the San Francisco Labor Council last
night, members anticipating a discussion
of the settlement ot this trouble, which
had been effected late in the week
through the instrumentality of Secretary
Ed Rosenberg and; National Delegate J.
D. Pierce. '¦ ¦ •
The boycott of the, firm of .L. & E.
Emanuel of . the West Coast Furniture
Company and presumably the baseball
boycott growing out or Manager Harris*
patronage of ; the unfair firm have been
brought to an end by the settlement of
the differences between the labor unions
and the furniture firm. i».' & E. Emanuel
have agreed to unionize their factory and
to grant the shorter workday demanded.
Unions Gain : Victory Over
Firm That Opposed the
Agreement.
Cause of Fight Against
Baseball Games
Removed.
LABOR BOYCOTT
FINALLY ENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 27, 1901.
PRESIDENT HAYS TO FORM A CABINET
OF RAILROAD EXPERTS TO ADVISE HIM
14
SPECIAL, BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
FAIRBANKS GOLD DUST, 3-Ib pkg 13c
This bargain has never befor» been offered
by any house in the city. -*.
BEST EASTERN L Bros.' brand HAMS,lb 13£c
Market has advanced. Beg- 15c
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .30c
Our Butter sales have increased our trade
and made friends.
Regular 40c.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, sqiiare 27|c
Now Is the time to have your Butter pack-
ed for winter. Market will advance.
Regular 33c.
BEST MISSION EGGS, dozen 20c
Gathered dally. Regular 22Hc
ZINFANDEL, in stone jug, gal 75c
Extra fine vintage 1332. Reg. $1.00.
GRAPE-NUTS, pkg 12£c
LOBSTERS, Primrose brand, EXTRA. . .25c
Regular 30c can.
GOLDEN PHEASANT WHISKEY, qt lot 85c
Pure, rich and mellow. Reg. $1.15.
CHOICE FAMiLY FLOUR, 50-lb sack. . .80c
Regular 90c.
J. H. FLECKINGER PRUNES, 8 lbs. .. .25c
Regular 5 pounds 25c.
SWEET CAKES, Fig Bar, Lemon, Ginger,
Nic-Nacs, Coooanut, Taffy, reg 15c and
20c, lb. 1 12^c
WILLOW CREEK WHISKEY,* qt bot. .$1.00
Hand mad« sour mash. Reg. $1.50.
Gallon $3.30. Reg. $4.50.
BALTIMORE COYE OYSTERS, 3 cans. . .25c
Regular 10c can.
GHIRARDELLI'S Ground Chocolate, %* 25c
Regular, 30c
EXTRA CHOICE BLACK FIGS, 6 lls 25c
Regular 4 pounds 25c
Gnirardelli's Breakfast Cocoa, £-Ib can. .20c
Regular 25c. vu- *
KIPPERED HERRING, large can. .... .20o
. Imported from Scotland. Reg. 25c -¦• ¦
SLICED PEACHES, can .10c
Extra choice. Reg. 15c ran.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
. Can take advantage of the "Special" tales
TVe ship free of charge within 100 miles en
all orders exceeding $5. Ask for monthly
price list, free.
1 348- 1 ** 5 4. Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 232. No Branch Store*.
DR.JMULTY.
rfHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L 8p»eia]i<actn-?j Blood Poison, Oonorrhcea,Gle»i,
Str!ctur», seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boot on Diseases Of Men, free.
??Vf°,7 ea . r i! !x ? e £! e " < : e - T <? rm! ' reasonable. Hourm
9to3daily;8:ttto8.30ev'g.<L8unday<i,i0tot2.Con.<Hil-
tationfreeand sacredly confidential. Call oraddxesa
P. KOHCOE MeXCIiTlT, 31. D.
26 l A Kearny St, San Frnnciaco, CaJ-
WOMEN'S WAISTS ««¦ tsv-**b~ MIMU WTiJ" JtCM WOMEN'S WAISTS,
made of Sheer White I?*S. Mm f£a GPia H^T fit* made of beat Percale.
Lawn. 48 tucks front KKHkASfiil QM M_Jff BI3L. t^fe ' .tucked front and back
and back and trimmed HrPBfBl Hi* EHf BIto fe*J» and trimmed witn 2
with 2 rows of embrol- jKj yflf Kfl MjnV |li H. j*-r** r rows of embroidery in-
THIS IS ' f ONSALB TO-DAY. .
WOMEN'S WAIST DAY '.mSSJS'S^L.
' - -ixT 1. *i-u- '¦.it. j. «._ j,_ ,„- The quantity was small and-dld not laat
We ' mean by this that to-day we through the day. We've made up a new lot.
will, sell the most beautiful Styles Ot • Will give you another chance <tQ QS
waists at prices less than the cost of at them: W-50 qualify for.... OZ.ZO
materials and; trimmings. Here are uf^on saS ATS# $375 qual " S2.45
a few quotations of the many great
V WAI^t" m!de o^'fln^White Lawn, front CHILDREN'S PIQUE COAT SALE.
Blshon sleeps G $l CHILDREN'S PIQUE COATS, with dou-
. Bishop Bleeves. U 50 quality, un -7Kq ble . collar. .. trimmed with wide embroi-
Eale * I" - v . dery, regular price $2.25. On <£ f A PJ
' WAISTS made of fine White Lawn, front sale .:............... «1>1»^O
of all over lace and Insertion, tucked back, . . .. , .
CHILDREN'S HEADWEAR.
WAISTS made of good Percale, combined . """ t l MI ' U " " lll " n . U " r nl^
with vest of White Pique, 98c AQs* MAT DAT -WILL SOON BE HERE,
quality. "• On, sale.'......'.:: -TU»W YOU'LL WANT NEW BONNETS FOR
WAISTS made of . French Chambray. THE CHILDREN. WE HAVE JUST THE ¦;¦
tucked front and back, and trimmed with. KIND FOR YOU. A BIG VARIETY AT
five rows of fine embroidery . and inserted POPULAR PRICES. TO-DAY:
with black all silk; velvet ribbon run- Our. 75c Hats or Bonnets at BOc
ninK through each row of embroidery, all,. Our J1.0O Hats or Bonnets at...... 75c
colors, J2.50- quality. . On C] 40 Our $1.25 Hats or Bonnets at fl.OO
sale... «pi«TO< quj. j L75 Hats or Bpnnel8 at $1.25
..WAISTS made of fine Dimity, beautiful
"patterns, trimmed with fine Valenciennes Our factory has Just turned over to us a"
Lace, revere effect, $2.00 qual- Cl QO large quantity of .
tlty. On sale.........: «J>1»^O
WAISTS made of fine quality Pink and WHITP -
Blue Lawn, large rolling collar, front of - II III I u OlMIIIOi
White Pique. $.2.25, quality. Cl QK . . . • . .
On sale.r: ..tpi«t»t» We place them ¦ on sale to-day at special
Included In this sale are Waists made prices. All our Skirts are made of best
of fine India Linens, White Organdies. muslin or cambric, cut very full and com*
Madras Cloth; Cotton Materials, with silk J? »» lengths. Women's Skirts, p>Pt r
stripes runnlrijr through the cloth. On sale m"»e, neatly tucked. On Bale at OWV
at OSc. $1.20, ?1.65, 91.98. These ' SKIRTS tucked and trimmed I—"
ar^lfe < ffi£^t£" JS"^*^ S^^^^^^ 55C
double. . x. . . . SKIRTS, tucked and trimmed with linen
m MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. S^BSgP
%r^ a MU?LI°N e w b E lR ndUCement8 tObUyl - n °™ c^^ 98C
WOMEN'S • GOWNS— Made of best mus- , PnDtCTO
lin. different -styles, nicely trimmed, cut .." uUfluClui ."
•wide and full: . ' < : • ,
50o ouaJitv niinalo ....38c Our Corsets are pretty well known. Our
90c aualitv fivV RtvlVs "on gale 60*5 guarantee always goes with each Corset— a
, WOMEN'S HEMSTITCHED Q|/> Our $2.00 Corsets for $1.43
•DRAWERS. 25c Quality. On sale -*»v Our $1.00 Corsets for 75c
WOMEN'S DRAWERS, tucked ruffles FRENCH SUMMER CORSETS, In white,
and trimmed with wide embrol- QQ/, pink or blue, our 75c and $1.00 {Sffcr*
; dery, 50c quality. On sale 9J*J\* quality. On sale....... OvJ^«
WOMEN'S DRAWERS, , beautl- AQn CORSET COVERS, In many styles, made
fully trimmed,* 75c quality.'. "Ov of Cambric. India Linens and Nainsook.
¦WOMEN'S DRAWERS, the kind 7 4r a^ioSTiSSc^i^rt 5 *' SOC '
always sold at $1.00. On sale..... * 4C 35c, 4Oc. 5Oc. 6oc each.
CHEMISE to match Gowns and Drawers: ¦ • IIDOirnv
50c quality, five styles, on sale 33c HUoltnTi
¦75c quality, six styles, on sale...... 48c- , \ . . . ." ; .
• • WOMEN'S SILK AND LISLE MIXED
Hnco 9nnnnrfare fnr fvoruhnriv richelieu ribbed hose, the same
nUbc CUppUllGlS TOl LICiyUUUJi kind you usually- pay "35c pair. |Q/-»
HOSE SUPPORTERS, in any color, made !2
of best quality elastic, rubber tips, sold M ? N ,,?,,, F . A2 >£ Y . HOSB ' a \*\C
throughout the city at 25c. Our IPEr* 8rood 25c xalx^- Oa Bale -• '« C
price to-day .;... 1OW CHILDREN'S HOSE,' In fine or Iff-
CHILDREN'S 1 LISLE -ELASTIC SIDE heavy ribbed. 25c quality. On sale IOC
GARTERS, with rubber tips, ¦ all sizes, . CHILDREN'S lxl RIBBED HOSE.'12«4c
regular. price 20c. Our price for all |f)Q ' Quality. ,On sale. 3 pairs.........: M^r*
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVED.
1212-12 14 MARKET STREET,
'•'•£.%>; ' BETWEEN TAYLOR AND JONES. , ' '
y Jpy Xx >// P reii Y Stockings at Plain Prices. ™ VSS*
|f Interesting Hosiery News. ]S
\.J?J O ur hosiery business is having a big boom. Do you see £*
* j£O^ the reason for it in what this vroman said yesterday, "Hale's «p
.A happen to have just what I wanted''? No one is disappoint- *«
* \ ed — every one is surprised. There is stich a variety of every-
thing — and all of it so bright and new.
Where else can you find
20 new'styles in Zigzag: Lace Lisle Hose?
They are solid lace openwork from toe to top— dyed !n the Louis Henns-
dorf dye.
Three handsome and exclusive styles in imported fancy hose we are show-
ing now are: ¦ "
r-Plam reds with black butterflies fluttering about, 50c.
—Plain reds set off with black lovers' knots 50c.
—Black checked with white — striking designs — 50c.
They are the very latest ideas. " We are making quite a hit with them.
Fancy Cotton Hose 35c.
S styles— plain black with white, blue or red silk embroidered coin dots on an-
kle; also plain reds with white or black dots and plain French blue with white or
red dots. i
Fancy Cotton Hose, 12£c
Fine gauge, seamless and elastic, black boots with red, blue, pink or lavender
tops-Richelieu ribbed half way down; sizes S& to 10. v
Our "H. B." Gloves for $1.00
Are 4ood gloves.
We are showing now a full line of new shades — tans, modes, browns,
reds, grays, " blues, greens, violet, pearl, black and white — and every size from
S l A to 7^2.
The strongest compliment we can pay them is to say that a woman who
buys them once comes back again.
, Two-ClasTJ Piaue Walkine Gloves JS1 .OO-Styllsh and pood fitting; Just the
glove for street wear, or for shopping; all the staple shades.
Two-Clast> Piaue Mocha Gloves Sl.OO— Very stylish and durable; to black
and me various pastel brown, gray and mode. ¦ - ¦
35c and 50c Veilings for 25c.
A Splendid Veiling Opportunity.
, An overstocked jobber sought relief. He had over 3000 yards he want-
ed us to help him out with, and we got it at a price that enables us to offer
it to you at .
Third to Half Under Reeular Value.
Of chiefest importance in the lot are the Chenille Dotted Chiffon Veils,
in black, cream or black on white, or white on brown and new blue; also
Plain r.nd I>otted Tuxedo Meshes and Brussels Net and Dotted Grenadine
Veils, iii black, white on black and white — values that ordinarily sell for 35c
and 50c a*c now offered at one price, 25c.
2oc and 25c Bristle Toothbrushes I5C.
Genuine bristles, too. With'bone handles— samples. That's how we happen
to get them, so you can have them at this price, 15c.
Other drug items for Saturday:
Large 10c Sponges to-day 5c Bulb Syringes complete, to-day 23c.
Tappan's . 50c Toilet Water, various Bailey's Celebrated Talcum Powder
odors, to-day 30c 1 Oo or ,1 for 25c
Folding Mirrors, usually 35c. to-day Colgate's VA-oz. Violet "Water 2Oc
2 Po C und jars Vaseline. 8 1-3C 50^ V1<>Iet T ~ tWs *.
Market St.. near Sixth, opm Golden Gate.
P. I Z^W fig jy E' » 1 p3lb^Sna.\ Sb f* 1 pv Ja \ I*
CHILI POWDER—
GebhariJfs Eagle brand. One bottle given
free to every one asking for It.
The most delicious flavoring ever offered
for stews, gravies, soups and many other
EXTRACT OF M4LT, "Liebig's" H
3 bottles for OUC
Regular 20c per bottle.
SARDINES IN MUSTARD L^ a n e 10c
Regular 16c per can.
SHEPP'S COCOANUT, Shredded 991p
In pound package ul^C
Regular 30c per lb pkg.
PUREE FOIS GRAS, per tin 15c
Regular 20e.
ITALIAN PRUNES, large size 3 f0 ? 8 25c
Regular 12%c per lb.
STRING BEANS, per tin 10c
Regular ISc per tin.
PRIIKFR California Stuffed, prepared on«
nVUBEO, by Mr$ Reed. Los Gatos. tin MC
Regular 40c per tin.
SHERRY WINE, Ssygtf K?'?," $1.00
Regular Jl E0 per gallon.
YIN PASTEUR, per bottle 65c
-Regular S5c.
A:i excellent tonic.
SMELLING SALT, *£$$£$r»* 20c
Itegrular 25c per bottle.
OLIVE OIL, Lncca, qt bottle 55c
n.egu!ar 65c per bottle.
A rich, delicate Italian oil.
YAN CAMP'S SOUPS, 3 tins' for . 25c
Regular 10c per tin. - •
All varieties.
FRENCH GLACE FRUITS, per lb 50c
Regular 65c per lb. -
MANZANILLA OLIVES, No. 1, per qt 25c
Regular S3c per <jt.
BIBO, NEWMJtH & IKENBER6,
. .1447-49 POLK STREET.
fi&Ie'a,
Hale'a.