SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY,^ AUGUST 15; 1901.
VENEZUELA'S CASUALTIES HAVE BEEN VERY HEAVY
ENGAGEMENTS WITH REVOLUTIONISTS IN THE STATE OF TACHIRA
SCENE OF STRIFE IN SOUTHERN
REPUBLICS AND MEN WHO FIG
URE IN REVOLUTIONS.
TRENCH CRUISER AT .COLON.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.; WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— There has
The News' Caracas correspondent,
writing August 10; says another army has
Invaded Venezuela! This second forceps
reported- to number 5000' men.'.: Friday
these troops attacked Las Cumbres and
were repulsed. - The . main divisions of the
armies have not yet met. ' • ; . ¦<
The Venezuelan casualties, according to
Castro's official bulletins, were. General
Rosendo Madlna and four colonels killed
and 300 men killed or wounded. Madina
was a prominent man. He was formerly
a Governor and Senator. August 8 there
was an encounter at Las Cumbres with
a second force of ' revolutionists. : v < *
. ¦ • ( .¦¦•
SAN JUAN, P.R., Aug. 14.— Mall , ad
vlces received here to-day from Caracas,
under date of August 10, give accounts of
numerous engagements in , the * State of
Tachira, between President Castro's
forces and the revolutionists. In Gen
eral Castro's official bulletins >he. men
tioned the Colombian army. He reported
engagements since the battle of San Cris
tobal July, 29, at Pirineos, Las Filipas, La
Parada, La Grita, Encontrados, Colon
and Las Cumbres, all in Tachira. .;¦
Soldiers in Castro's Army
Killed or "Wounded Num
ber Three Hundred.
Government Loss In
cludes a General and
Four Colonels. •
SECOND ARMY
NOW INVADES
THE REPUBLIC
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on. Page" Two.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two*
"Yes, I am chairman of the tax com
mission, the legality of which body is new
a matter of contention. The bill creating
"The Governor and the secretary of the
Islands are Presidential appointees. They
In turn have the power . to appoint the
lesser executive officers who control the
positions of the hundreds of lesser official
lights. This system makes these two gen
tlemen the political autocrats of the place
and the only ones benefited by their rule
are those who stand In with the ring. It
is a splendid exemplification of what you
people have been fighting here — bosalsm.
"I am going back to my old home In
Cincinnati for a short visit and while I
am East will do all I can toward helping
along the effort of those right minded peo
ple who are endeavoring to obtain an
American system of government for the
American territory of Hawaii. As thiugs
are now in the Islands very little of the
American philosophy of government is
.manifested. All the officials from the
Governor to the lowest constable are ap
pointee?, and every man of them is using
his official position, not for the public
good, but to further the ends of those who
secured his appointment.
John Emmeluth, leader of the Hawaiian
Home Rule party, Is at the Occidental,
ostensibly on his way to visit his old home
In Cincinnati, Ohio- He arrived Tuesday
evening on the Peking and will leave In
a few days for the East. When seen yes
terday and asked concerning conditions in
the islands and ths. object of his trip, Mr.
Emmeluth said:
¦There were- few other developments of
importance during the day. Locally the
strike seems to drag and Interest to flag.
There was a great labor demonstration
at Wheeling to-day and President Shaffer
made a stirring appeal to his followers to
work on. In an Interview before he spoke
he said that if the Western lodges did not
heed the final appeal of Assistant Secre
tary M. F. TIghe and come out they would
be expelled from the Amalgamated Asso
ciation and their . offers of financial as
sistance spurned. '. : '.>V.
Big Labor Demonstration.
mate result of the conflict. The
strikers succeeded in finally forcing the
National Tube Works at McKeespcrt.
probably the largest Individual plant in
the United States Steel Corporation, to
cJose down. Oh the other hand the
steel corporation reopened the big Painier
mill In this city and also resumed opera
tions with non-union men at the Crescent
plant of the American Tin Plate Com
pany at Cleveland. Two mills were run
ning at the Painter plant, although one
of them broke down during the day and
according to the statement of the officials
half the mills in the Crescent plant were
moving. The forces at both the plants
named are to be increased and the man
agers assert that they will soon have
them working in full. They make the
fifth and sixth plants which the steel cor
poration has succeeded in starting with
non-union men, the others being Well3
ville, Hyde Park, Clark and Lindsay and
McCutcheon.
PTTTSBURG, Pa.. Aug. 14.-There
were victories on both sides of the
great steel strike to-day,- but they
furnish no direct line on the ulti-
The spread of the strike at McKeesport
and Wheeling has brought the number
of men who answered the final strike or
der to something over 20,000, and increased
the total number of .men rendered Idle by
the three orders to about 65,000. . Many of ¦
the men- drawn 'into the movement, will
ingly or. unwillingly, continue to accept
other -employment, and the exact number
now idle is a guess./ The strikers are fully
in control at McKeesport, Wheeling, New
castle, Bellalre and Mingo Junction/and
show some strength here. The manufac
turers hold South Chicago, Bay View,
Joliet, Youngstown, Columbus, the Kis
kimin|tas Valley,; the tin plant at Mones
sen and the. Carnegie group.: Of the last
named property some doubt is expressed
as to the Lower -Union mill In Pittsburg.
Some men left their places there, and the
strikers boast that, they will close it. - It
Spread of the Strike.
Large numbers of the strikers have gone
away, either for recreation or to work,
and there has been scarcely any excite
ment, much less disorder.
McKeesport and Wheeling are stirred
up periodically, but there has been no
violence at either place. Rumor again
to-day settled the strike and lent a hand
to restart the stilled mills of commerce.
It was related that President Shaffer had
acknowledged that he could not win, that
the steel corporation feared that its rivals
would profit by an extended strike and
that they were going to settle. No shadow
of confirmation of the story was possible.
The general strike situation Is ' thus
briefly summarized: v
" Late this afternoon Plummer Jones of
Warren, Ohio, an employe of the tunnel
contractors . and . one of .a party of res
cuers, who descended into the shaft to
look for the missing men, was overcome
by gas and expired within a'few minutes.
His body lies in the tunnel seventy-five
feet' from, the bottom of the .shaft and is
covered with water.
Mayor Tom Johnson expressed great in
dignation to-day when he learned that no
boat or life-preservers were provided as
a safety measure by the contractors at
the crib, jj He declared that the case would
receive 'the closest investigation and those
found guilty of criminal negligence in the
matter would be prosecuted to the full ex
tent of the law. ,i y .'¦
¦ The crib and machinery were the prop
erty of Shailer & Schneinglau, contract
ors. Their loss will exceed $200,DOO.
• The' crib is a total loss. It was a frame
building 200 by 50 feet, the sides sheathed
with iron. It contained valuable machin
ery'. It is now a charred, shapeless va£sa
,of wreckage, "and mingled with the black
ened timbers are. blackened, rusted and
twisted pieces and plates of iron and steel.
Total Less of the -Crib.
"Van Dusen and three of his men were
hanging in the water from a two-inch lino
suspended from the crib. Just as the line
was burning away above the men's hands
a yawlboat ..from the barge- Wllheim.
manned by two men, dashed Into the veil
of heat and smoke that enveloped the
crib and rescued the four men on % the rope
at the risk of the boatmen's lives. The
men picked up in the water were brought
to the city on the tug Sprienkle. They
were* naked, and badly burned.
Many of them were cut by falling tim
bers. '
had drifted to the west of the crib on their
floats of boards 'and wreckage.
VICTOR KAUFFMAN, Canton, Ohio,'
probably . dead.
JOHN ENGING, probably dead.
- ADAM KENT, probably dead.
Take Refuge in the Water.
Twenty-six men obeyed the order of
Manager G. C. Van . Dusen .when the
flames, broke out and took refuge in the
water on floating pieces of wreckage.
Four of them lost their hold upon their
frail ' floats and sank beneath the waves
Just as help reached their comrades.
The crew of the tug R. Sprienkle heard
.theflre .whistle "blown from: the crib and
raced "to the scene from .the harbor. She
picked up eighteen of the survivors, who
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. 14.-Flve
men were burned to death, four
1 were drowned, three and possibly
• four were suffocated and several
.were injured as the result of a
fire which destroyed . a temporary water
works crib two miles off the Cleveland
harbor early to-day. The dead, so far as
known: : . - ' '
ARTHUR HASTY, drowned; body re
covered.
MARK SNYDER. drowned.
ARTHUR HASTINGS, burned.
PLUMMER JONES, suffocated.
JOHN MARTINE, drowned.
JOHN KOWALSKY, drowned; body re
covered.
Four unidentified men, burned. :
.The Injured/so far as known:
John Leese, probably, a broken" back,
fatal; O. Braddock, burned about hands
and face; Charles Smith, overcome by gas
In tunnel; David Kelly, rescuer, overcome
by gas. . . . •
. Still Imprisoned in tunnel: . ¦
Amalgamated Men Close the National Tube Works,
While the Trust Reopens Several Mills.
The passengers obeyed, lining up with
alacrity. Hardly had the stage stopped
when -a second stage came around the
curve. Pointing his Winchester over the
heads of the passengers of the first coach
th© highwayman compelled William Con
ner, the driver of the extra, to hold up
"Stop that stage and throw up your
hands," was the command Al Palmer,
driver of the first outgoing Calistoga and
Clear Lake stage met with as he turned
his four horses around a sharp curve go
ing up the Mount St. Helena road early
this afternoon. Standing In the middle of
the road, with a Winchester rifle aimed
directly at the driver's head, was a me
dlum-sized man with a blue-colored hand
kerchief covering the lower part of his
face. Driver Palmer slapped on the brake
and brought the stage to a stand.
"Pile out there, and be lively," was the
next command.
CALISTOGA, Aug. 14.— Two Calistoga
and Clear L*ke stages, which left here
at 11:45 o'clock this morning, were held
up and robbed five miles out from town
by a lone highwayman. The robber ob
tained approximately $400 in cash and sev
eral watches from the passengers, who
numbered sixteen, several of them being
women. It is supposed he had a com
panion concealed In ambush. His work
was performed deliberately and thorough
ly. No clew had been found up to a late
hour to-night. Sheriff Dunlap and a posse
are on the robber's trail with bloodhounds.
Special EMspateh to The Call.
sengers Surrender Their
Valuables.
Sixteen San Francisco Pas :
Are Suffocated in the Crib at Cleveland.
- \ ¦ • ¦¦ ¦
Five Burned to Death, Four 'Drowned and Four
MEN PERISH MISERABLY
IN A LAKE ERIE TUNNEL
Leader of the Opposition to
Dole Makes Caustic
. Complaints.
Lone Bandit Holds Up
the Calistoga-Clear
Lakes Coaches.
VICTORY ON BOTH SIDES
IN GREAT STEEL STRIKE
John Emmeluth Talks of
Needs of People of
Hawaii.
TERRITORIAL
GOVERNMENT
A MISNOMER
ROBS TWO
STAGES NEAR
ST. HELENA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC— NO. 76.arrested.
The fire .which destroyed $200,000 worth
of property to-day on Fort street will
cause extra precautions to be taken to
protect buildings In the heart of the city.
The principal loser is the firm of-E. O.
Hall & Sons, whose new brick and stone
building erected less than a year ago was
completely destroyed. Everything in the
building was lost. There was about $150,
000 worth of general hardware stock in
Hall's store. The stock of Lewers &
Cooke, next to Hall's, was much damaged
by fire.
Continued From Page One.
which times he would get up and heat
milk on the gas stove. It is believed
that while trying to turn on the gas last
night for this purpose he fainted and fell
close to the stove, the deadly fumes from
which he Inhaled. The jet was only par
tially turned on and one window was
raised. Had he fallen further from the
stove it. is probable that he would nave'
recovered. * .
Boyd's death has cast gloom over the
Mount Tamalpals Military Academy,
which opened to-day. He had been pro
moted to first lieutenant and would have
assumed that rank to-day had he lived
Despite his youth he was a fine horseman.
He was popular and had many friends.
The funeral probably will take place on
Friday.
TEflRITQR AL GOVERNMENT.
Continued From Page One.
ROBS TWO STAGES NEAR ST. HELENA
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 14.— Seth C.
'. Boyd, the seventeen-year-old son
of John F. Boyd, died last night
from "accidental asphyxiation by
coal gas." When his mother wont
to his room to awaken him this morning
she scented gas and gave the alarm. The
door of the room was forced in and the
body, of the youngr man was found pros
trate upon the floor, face downward, near
a small gas stove. Death had ensued
hours before.
At the inquest held by the Coroner at
the Boyd home it was shown that the
young man had been complaining of heart
.trouble for some time past. He would
have weak spells during the night, at
SETH C. BOYD, THE SAN RAFAEL YOUTH WHO WAS ASPHYXIATED
BY THE FUMES OF A GAS STOVE BEFORE WHICH HE HAD FALL
EN IN A FAINT. / .
LONDON, Aug. 15.— The Daily. Mail,.re
viving speculation as to the date of Lord
Kitchener's return from South Africa," and
as to his ' successor, says ; it understands
that he will return to Kngland about the
middle of nexfc,month. Lieutenant General
Lyttleton assuming the chief command.
Lord' Kitchener^ to , Ratura.
. SALT. LAKE, Aug. 14.— A special to the
Tribune from Helena, Mont., . says that
John Campbell, the veteran racing man,
whose. stable won the Brooklyn handicap
in 1892 and 1S93 and who now has a string
of runners in Butte. stated to-day that he
had received an offer to take charge of
the training stable of the Czar of Russia
at St Petersburg. The Czar, he, said,
through an agent has offered him $10,000
a year and 10 per cent of the winnlngsof
• the royal racers. Campbell says he is un
decided whether to accept the offer or not.
May Manage the Czar's Stable.
guage question" and other grievances; . Is
growing more- "acute. Sunday "the union
jack was torn to pieces in the streets by
a large body of demonstrators. This was
followed by the disfigurement of Queen
Victoria's jubilee statue last night. bXhe
marble was deluged with damaging acids.
The perpetwtors of the outrage have not
been discovered. .
Union Jack Is Torn to Pieces and Vic
' • toria's Jubilee Statue
Denied.
.-•VALETTA, Island of Malta, .Au£- 14.-
The discontent here, arising from the lan-
INHABITANTS OF MALTA ... f
RISING AGAINST BRITAIN
GLENNS FALLS, N..T., Aug. 14.-News
was received hef e to-night, that the Blue
Mountain stage was held up-by a masked
robber'about noon to-day at North River.
The stage = which was stopped connected
with a> train which reaches North Creek,
Warren County, a station on the Adiron
dacks and Hudson Railroad, about 1:20
o'clock a. m. When it left the station to
day it contained seven men and .one
woman, besides a quantity of express and
mail'inatter for Blue Mountain Lake.
When the stage was .one and a half
miles north of Dunlap's Hotel, aft North
River, a masked '• robber suddenly ap
peared.' His first move, was. to shoot one
of the horses. He then . ordered the pas
sengers to hold up their 'hands and alight.
Six of the men ¦ immediately . took . to the
woods, the -remaining, man staying with
his wife, who was relieved of $20.- but the
robber failed to find a larger sum in an
other pocket. . The highwayman then pro
ceeded . to rifle * the mail bags and plunder
the express packages, taking everything
of value.
Passengers Take to "Woods.
Masked' Robber Holds Up. Stage and
SHOOTS ONE OF THE HORSES.
COLUMBUS, Aug. , 14. — Secretary of
State Laylin sent the following notice
to-day to Charles H. Schwab of the steel
trust at Pittsburg:
"Your attention is called to the require
ments of the laws of the State of Ohio
upon, corporations of other States doing
business In Ohio, and you are requested
to fill out and return to this office the
accompanying blank."
The blank contains questions on how
the concern does Its business in Ohio.
the Trust Question.
NOTICE SENT TO SCHWAB.
Authorities of Ohio Are Looking Into
¦ MIAMI. Fla., Aug. 14.— Henry M. Flag
ler, the multi-millionaire oil magnate, has
secured a divorce under the new Florida
statute, which provides that' insanity of
four years' standing is sufficient ground
for a decree. The case was heard in
chambers by Judge Minor S. Jones of the
Circuit Court. Former Governor Fleming,
Mrs. Flagler's guardian^ad lltem. repre
sented the defendant, but practically there
was no defense. Flagler is 72 years old.
Statute.
tion Under a New Florida
Millionaire Flagler Secures a Separa-
INSANITY OF WIFE
i PERMITS HIS DIVORCE
"The Government of Colombia, has 50.000'
men under arms and can- put 100.000 in
the field in a few weeks. If it should be
come necessary, there are 200,000 men who
will do military duty. The army has good;
officers. The Minister of - War, Ramon
Gonzales Valencia, is very able. •¦ If. wo
have to fight .Venezuela I ' am' confident
that we will be able to assert our superi
ority and that we will triumph. In Colom
bia the population is 5,000,000, or about
double the population of Venezuela. Al
though there is very little gold or silver
money in circulation in Colombia and the
exchange on gold is very- high, we have
ample resources which will, enable us to
work back to a gold and silver basis. The
-Government receives $2,000,000 per annum
from a syndicate for certain mines. • The
port revenues are very^ large. . In a f ew
years of peace Colombia would easily ful
fill the prediction made by an American
Minister, that It will -be -the greatest of
the countries in South America: .
- "I have personally no knowledge of the
happenings of the past few days In Colom
bia. The cable is broken. Presumably the
press dispatches 'from" Washington . con-'
tain what reliable news is available re
garding the present strained relations be-
"There is no danger that the route
across the Isthmus will be closed. Busi
ness between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts of the United States will move over
the line of the Panama road. When- the
French people secured the right to con
struct a railroad line it was stipulated
that the United States should have the 1
right to keep the line open.' Since then
the road has passed Into the -possession
of an American company."
Speaking of business conditions-gen
erally he said that of course there is dis
turbance of the ordinary volume of tradeJ
Exchange is high. The Government has
Issued paper money to the amount of $100,
000.000. I
Senor Canal did. not anticipate that the
troubles' of Colombia would be of long
duration. .
Consul Esciplon Canal, representing the
Government of Colombia at. this port,
spoke freely yesterday to a Call reporter
concerning conditions in his country. His
first statement in a long Interview was
of especial interest to the people . of the
Pacific Coast.
in Colombia.
Consul Canal Talks of the Revolution
ISTHMUS TRAFFIC KEPT CLEAR.
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 14.-Her com
mission at 'this station having about ex
pired her Majesty's ship Icarus leaves on
Friday morning on her way to England.
She is starting a little ahead of the time
formerly scheduled, as the Admiralty de
sires her to call at Panama and remain
there for a time at least if the troubles
of the turbulent section are not settled
before, her arrival. Her crew are now
busy-getting the stores and coal on board.
Her Majesty's ship Phaeton, now In
southern waters, will return north upon
the arrival of the Icarus. A number of
time men from the flagship now at Comox
arrived to-day by the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Sparrowhawk to go home on the
Icarus. ¦
Ahead of Schedule Time;
H. M. S. Icarus Leaves Victoria
WILL CALL AT 'PANAMA:
After leaving the meeting Tighe ex
pressed* himself as greatly disappointed
at the action taken this evening, and said
that to-morrow he will go to the Bay
View mills at Milwaukee and also to those
at Joliet. He will repeat the programme
of to-night at those cities, explain the
cause of the strike, and if the men should
decline to reconsider their action in re
fusing to join the ranks of the strikers
he will declare the charters of all their
lodges forfeited and rule the men out of
the association.
Tighe announced the charters of both
lodges revoked and the meeting dissolved.
Tighe made a long address to the men,
giving -them the story of the strike from
the standpoint of the Amalgamated As
sociation, and asking them to help the
men in the East by quitting the mills in
South Chicago. Several speeches were
made by the local members of the asso
ciation in reply to Tighe, the general
trend being that the men considered them,
selves bound by contracts with their em
ployers, and that they did not think that
it was their duty to turn their backs on
these contracts at the bidding of the of
ficers of the association. At 11 o'clock
a vote was taken the question of, re
consideration, and by an overwhelming
majority the men refused to reopen the
question.
CHICAGO, Aug. 14.— There will be no
Etrike of the employes at the steel mills
in South Chicago. This point was settled
to-night, when the men refused to re
consider the action taken Saturday night,
at which time they directed to stand by
their contracts with the mills and re
fused to join the strikers. After they had
declined to reconsider to-night, Assist
ant Secretary M. F. Tighe of the Amalga
mated Association, who came to Chicago
with the intention of securing a revoca
tion of the action of Saturday night, if
possible, declared that he revoked the
charters . of both lodges of the Amalga
mated Association in the South Chicago
mills and declared the men outside of the
organization.. The men greeted his an
nouncement with laughter and cheers.
Tighe arrived in the city yesterday and
spent to-day arranging for a second
meeting of the two lodges of the Amal
gamated Association to be held this even
ing. The men gathered at the appointed
hour, but there were so few of them in
the hall that the end of the matter was
a foregone conclusion. By far the greater
number of members of the two lodges had
gone to work instead of coming to the
meeting, and only a handful was pres
ent.
Because of Their Action.
EMPLOYES REFUSE TO STRIKE.
South Chicago Lodges Lose Charters
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
vice and Some New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postoffice Ser-
WASHINGTON. Aug. 14.— The Postof
flce Department has Issued the following:
Postofflces discontinued August 31: Ore
gon— Crutcher, Malheur County, mall to
Jordan Valley. • .
The following pensions were granted to
day: California— Original. Thomas Blck
more, Corral! tos, $6; George* W. Mathers,
Beaumont, $12: Lewis A. Gatton, Agenda,
$6. Increase— William Shorten. Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles, $8: Frederick Fack
ner. Soldiers'* Home, Los Angeles, $12;
Joseph Worrall, Los Angeles. $12: Chaun
cey E. Carpenter, Norwalk. $8: Hamilton
Fay, Santa Cruz, $8. War with Spain,
original— Charles H. Slater. Salinas. %%.
Widows— Maria Thomer, Los Angeles, $8:
Christina Falconer, Bodie, $8. Mexican
war, widows— Lucy J. Messer, Gilroy. $8.
Oregon, increase—James Newman. New
berg. $10. Widow— Mary E. McCoy, Sweet
Home. $8. Orignial— William J. Lively,
Portland, $6. Increase— John W. Patrick,
Lowell, $3. Widow— Mary E. Lea. Ful-
Washlngton, Increase — Frederick Stange.
Tacoma, $12. War with Spain, original —
Herbert L. Osborne, North Yakima, $12.
Los Angeles Buys Land.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 14.— The City
Council in extra session to-day appropri
ated $33,250 for the purchase of 307 acres
of land in Tejunga Pass, at the headwat
ers of Los Angeles River. Negotiations
have been quietly in progress for the past
month through Attorneys Lee and Scott.
The utmost secrecy was maintained, for
fear of injunction proceedings, and to
day the deal was consummated as soon
as the purchase money was available, so
that the city's title to the land is now be- '
yond question. The acquisition of this)
prooerty is considered a master stroke, as
the" land Is so situated that practically
the entire ibutflow, surface and subterra
nean, of Los Angeles River can be divert
ed and in the event of the final failure of ¦
a settlement with the Los Angeles City
Water. Company, the value of the com
pany's plant can be Immensely reduced
£y the diminution of its water supply.
the commission and appropriating $5000 for
its expenses was passed on the 1st day of
May. the last day of the session of the
Hawaiian Congress, according to our com
putation, though .the session ended on
April 30. according to Governor Dole. It
was only by using the joint agreement
concerning the hold-over Senatorships as
a club that we had the tax commission
bill passed at all, and as soon as it was
passed it was put in the hands of the At
torney General that its legality might be
tested and that it might be defeated if
possible.
"The present system of taxation is based
on real estate and improved property and
every sugar plantation is assessed on its
actual cash value. There is al3o an in
come tax of 2 per cent on all Incomes of
over $1000. This system needs much re
modeling and many amendments and it
is for the purpose^ of Inaugurating these
reforms that the commlssidn has been
created.
"We are a territory of the United States
and wa want a regular American terri
torial form of government. We don't want
all the patronage that comes with official
position and the authority to distribute
several millions of dollars to be controlled
by a few people who use it to further their
own ends. We want a regular territorial
county government, which will Induce
white people to come and settle among
us with the knowledge that they will be
protected In their liberties and their
rights. While I am East I will do all I
possibly can to obtain this very much de
sired condition of affairs for the Hawaiian
Islands, in whose prosperity I am most
deeply interested."
From other sources.it was learned that
the dispute over the date ending the sixty
day session of the Hawaiian Legislature
arose over the refusal of Governor Dole
to consider Washington's birthday a legal
holiday. Dole contended It was not a hol
iday inasmuch as It had never been so
created by " Congress. The Home Rule
party argued thai it was a holiday
whether Congress had so declared it to
be or not. Those opposed to Dole con
tended that the unanimous will of the
American people had made it a holiday,
second in importance only to the Fourth
of July, and that whether or not Congress
had ever officially passed upon the ques
tion ; the day was always observed by that
body as well as by every other public
body that existed under the shadow of the
American flag.
Goats Perish in Flames.
ANGELS CAMP, Aug. 14.— A forest fire
started below- here yesterday afternoon
and now extends from Reynolds Ferry to
Parrott's Ferry, a distance of eight miles.
At Robinson Ferry the back fires caught
a band of goats and. more than 100 were
burned to death. .The losses .will amount
to many thoi#?and dollars.
Strikers "Will Resume Work.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Aug. 14.— An agree
ment has been reached between the man
ager of Senator Clark's United Verde
mine at Jerome and the men who struck
for an eight-hour day. A small part of
the force will return to work to-morrow.
Most of the strikers, however, refuse to
consider any offer but a complete conces
sion of their demands and many of them
are leaving Jerome.
his hands and the passengers to alight.
There were sixteen passengers in all— •
twelve on the first or regular stage and
four on the extra. The robber ordered
them to' form !n line, the twelve of-the
first stage on the right side and^ the four
extra passengers on the left. "¦ ¦ . „
"Come forward one at a time and shell
out," • demanded the outlaw, laying aside
his rifle and producing an old-fashioned
horse pistol. With hands straight/up over
head the passengers, one by one in turn,
advanced and submitted to a thorough
searching. The robber was in no apparent
hurry, and coolly delved into his victims
pockets with one hand whenever he sus
pected they had not given over all the
money and valuables they carried.
• After relieving the sixteen travelers of
all their wealth the robber requested
Palmer to throw off the Wells-Fargo ex
press box and the mail pouches. When
this was done he asked Driver Conner
for his express box. • _,
"Ain't got any," replied the driver. "I m
only extra." *
"Well, you've been driving pretty regu
lar lately." said the robber, displaying a
knowledge of the running of the stages. _
The highwayman then allowed both
stages to proceed on their way up the
mountain. ' - '
The hold-up occurred near what is
known as Greenlee's place. It was an.
ideal spot for the purpose, the road wind
ing around a sharp projection of the
mountain and being on a steep up-grade.
Standing twenty-five feet ahead of the
front of the horses the robber occupied a
commanding position overlooking both
stages and not a move of the passengers
escaped his eye. Among the passengers
were five or six women. The robber
showed no discrimination of sex in his
work and collected toll from all alike. It
Is estimated that he obtained about $400
in cash, besides several articles of jew
elry- The express box, while quite heavy,
contained little money, it is said.
About this time every month money to
pay the employes of the Copper King
mines is sent up by stage. It is said here
that this money did not go up to-day, .ro
tret this gold was evidently, the motive
of the robbery. The stage was held up
just a year ago near this place. At that
time scarcely anything was_obtained.
Two boys who went up the road earlier
in the day report having seen two men
lurking around the scene of the hold-up.
Their description of the smaller man cor
responds very closely with that given by
Driver Palmer of the robber. It is sup
posed the. other man, who was described
as "tall and dark," lay In ambush while
his companion performed the work. This
would appear to account for the robber's
coolness and deliberation. • . " ' "•
Dr Robert Powers of Calistoga was one
of the passengers. The names of the oth
ers are unknown, as they arrived here on
the morning train from San Francisco
and left almost immediately on the stage
for different resorts In Lake County.
The news of the hold-up was telephoned
to the local police authorities from Toll
Gate, one and a half miles beyond the
scene of the robbery. City Marshal Nash
left at once for the Greenlee place, and a
couple of hours later bloodhounds were
put on the trail. Sheriff Dunlap came up
from Napa late this afternoon and is hot
on the robber's trail with a large posse.
The highwayman is described by the
stage drivers as of dark complexion, five
feet eight inches in height, weighing
about 150 pounds " and wearing a dark
slouch hat, linen duster-^nd heavy work
"uo to a late hour to-night nothing had
been found except a half empty mail
pouch. This was found in a canyon
about a half mile down, the road. It. had
been rifled, but quite a bit of mail was
left: . , • - --•
The strike headquarters were in charge
of Secretary John Williams to-day, and
several members of the executive board
President' Shaffer closed with a plea for
the admission of negroes to membership
in the Amalgamated.
Troops Held in "Readiness.
imitate our example." "Well, you have dared.
Now, ' be rteadfast and true; don't yield an
Inch; fitand firm In the peskion you hav*
taken. My opinion Is that you will win. I
know that if the men who are out stay out
the victory Is eertain. If the mills ever 'fun.
you will ran them. You may as well enjoy a
Bummer vacation and make up your minds
that when the mills are run again you will
run them richt. _ >: ;..
Ix>t the Amalgamated Association so deport
Itself as to merit the approval we have already
received, and the encouragement and sup
port of church and state. What I say may
not be received with favor, but right is right.
This In a time when men's blood bolls with
indignation and hands are clenched in anger,
but tfcis Is no time for angry words or overt
deeds. If organized labor by observance of the
law can win a peaceful victory it will be the
grandest achievement known to the annals of
the wcrld. Hence I ask you to be careful.
Be law abiding, but be determined. The trust
cannot run the mills without you. There Is
not enough skilled labor left to make more
millions for these men who have centralized
capital. They have said. "Don't you dare to
I believe the time is coming In this defen
sive movement when. If necessary, your lead
ers will unite with the Amalgamated Asso
ciation to preserve all labor organisations from
the tyranny of the trusts. "When your lead
ers eay "come out," there will be such a
coming out as will make Wall street tremble
and cause those whom we have enriched to
tremble behind their piled up millions.
We don't want you to do that. Obey the
directions of your own leaders; see that your
laws are preserved Inviolate.
It baa been eaid that this Is not alone a
fight of the Amalgamated Association. That
Is true. Even to-day in Wheeling I wat; ap
proached by a committee of the Clothing
"Workers" Union and' given assurances that
they were with us and would extend - both
moral and financial aid. We realize also* that
the glass workers are with us, together with
the trainmen, and of course the coal miners
are with us. I want to say to the represen
tlve« of the various trades that the Amalga
mated Association needs your moral and finan
cial assistance. We do not ask you to dis
obey your own leaders or violate the laws of
your organizations. I have received letters
from many subordinate lodges of other unions
eaylng:
"We will stop working, too, if you eay the
word."
At a meeting at the State Fair grounds
at Wheeling President Shaffer said in
part:
Will Make Wall Street Tremble.
Taking the 6trlke as a whole, we are mak
ing gains everywhere every day. Our member
chip is increasing at a rapid rate, and many
non-union mills where we have never before
been able to secure a foothold are now organ
ized or partially organized. Besides those al
ready so organized I know of. others that will
eoon take the same action, though of course I
cannot uc- into details on that score.
The manufacturers have made no effort I
to break the strike at McKeesoort. or
Wheeling with non-union men, and have
given no indication of their plans in those
districts. Both sides express their satis
faction with the progress 'of the strike.
Encouraged by success : - in keeping
Monessen going, and in opening their
plant at Cleveland, the officers of the
American Tinplate Company are planning
resumption with non-union men. at other
points. They will not say where their
next move will be made, but say that it
will be made quickly.
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association started on his trip to Wheel
ing at 9:20 this morning and reached that
city shortly before noon. .He was re
ceived by «a. large crowd, which cheered
lustily when he appeared on the car steps.
The local unions paraded and escorted
him through the town. Before going to
the State Fair grounds, where the demon
stration was' held, he made the follow
ing statement as to the Western men who
refused to strike: .
If they do not come out they are non-union.
It is a mystery why they did not obey the
strike order from the etart. and the only ex
planation I can think of Is that given yesterday
at Pittsburr by Mr. Adams, the Illinois dep
uty, who told me the men had wanted an ex
tension of time In which to Etrike. Adams says
they had been led to believe that an extension
tvculd be . granted. We have Instructed Mr...
Tlghe to call out these men at once, and In the
«vent of their refusal their charters will be de
clared forfeited. I know these men, and I am
confident they will now agree to come out with
us in this fight. The skilled men are organized
and enousrh will strike to greatly cripple the
production of the Western mills. We may not
bring about a total suspension, each as is seen
here In the Wheeling district, which, by the
way, is the banner district of the entire steel
country, but we will do what we anticipated,
at the start, or I am greatly mistaken In Mr.
Tlghe's ability to present " the matter ¦ In Its
proper light to the "Western men.
No Indication of Plans.
is running, however, and the managers
say it cannot be stopped. Desertions
from the ranks of the strikers are report
ed from Painter's mill here, and the Cres
cent plant in Cleveland, and the managers
say that it Is only a question of time be
fore there is a general break.
The French are not in a position to act
as freely as the Americans, as Prance Is
not called upon by treaty stipulations to
maintain communication on the isthmus
as is the United States. It Is believed here
that pending the arrival of the Machias
the presence of the Souchet will have a
good influence. '
In the meantime it is reported that the
French cruiser Souchet has arrived at
Colon. On account of the French Interest
in the Panama canal it Is thought to be
quite natural that the French should send
a warship there at this time. The au
thorities do not anticipate any friction be
tween the commander of the Souchet and
the American naval officers upon'the ar
rival of the latter at Colon. It is not ex
pected that the Souchet will land any
men or interfere In any way unless the
property of the Panama Canal -Company
t other French Interests should be actu
ly threatened.
There has been unexpected delay in
getting naval vessels down to the. isth
mus, but the Iowa is now on her way on
the Pacific side and the Machlas.;:is be
ing hurried down on the Atlantic. ' '¦'¦ i
Officials of the State Department are
not disposed to believe that this has oc
curred, but they are entirely without
news of recent date from Bogota, and un
til something is received from there con
siderable* anxiety will be felt.
Senor Herran, Colombian Charge d'Af
faires, left for New York to-day and will
not return to Washington until late next
week. He is satisfied that there will be
no developments in ' the meantime re
quiring his presence In Washington.
The authorities are anxious to know
whether the departure of the Colombian
Minister from Caracas has been followed
by the withdrawal of the Venezuelan
Minister from Bogota, for if it has been
the inference would be that there had
been a complete rupture of diplomatic re
lations between the two countries.
been no change in the attitude of the ad
ministration toward the situation in Co
lombia and Venezuela as the result of the
return 1 to Washingtdh of Secretary Hay.
As. soon as the Secretary ' reached the
State Department to-day he had a con
ference with Assistant Secretary Adee,
who informed him as to all the details of
the situation as far as they are known In
Washington. Everything that has .been
done, incjtfdlng. the dispatch of war ves
sels to both sides of the isthmus to pro
tect American interests and to secure the
maintenance of communication by way of
the Panama Railroad, met with the Secre
tary's entire approval. Neither the State
Department nor Senor Pulldo, Venezuelan
Charge d'Affaires, has received any in
formation to-day.
Workmen began to-day to dismantle
Chartries mill at Carnegie. The machinery
will be taken to Leechburg, where the
new mill will be located. Work on the
Dewees-Wood property at McKeesport
has been suspended. The fact that the
annual encampment of the Second Brig
ade of the National Guard of Pennsylva
nia was postponed and that It Is to be
held at Somerset, near Pittsburg, Is re
garded as significant. The encampment
will begin this week and will last until
the latter part of next week. Within two
days the State will be in a position to
throw troops Into Pittsburg-. McKeesport
and Newcastle within a few hours. The
present situation, however, does not war
rant the calling of State troops.
were on hand to advise with him and as
sist. They denied positively that there
was dissatisfaction with the policy of
President Shaffer, that there was any dis
agreement in the board, or that there was
any wavering along their battle front.
All stories to the contrary they pro
nounced canards staVted by the enemy to
injure their cause. They said so many
Independent plants were being started
and those already in operation were tak
ing so many of the skilled men on strike
that the Steel Corporation alone would
suffer as a result of the. strike.
Continued From Page One.
VICTORY OH BOTH SIOES,
HONOLULU, Aug. 6.— According to
the latest wireless dispatches
from the island of Hawaii, there
seems to be every indication that
the expected eruption of Kllauea
will soon take place. Rumblings and
slight vibrations of the earth's crust have
been felt by people residing at the Vol
cano House, not far distant from the vol
cano. Large numbers of passengers are
taking the island boats to Hilo in the
hope of seeing Kilauea in action.
The platform of the party, while not yet
presented, will embrace an antl-tru3t
plank, a plank favoring the fellow ser
vants' or employers' liability bill and a
statement in regard to general primaries
for the election of United States Senators.
So far as known, there will be no men
tion of W. J. Bryan or free silver in the
platform. The most notable Incident of
the day was the lack of applause when
R. H. Pollard of Richmond said: "Frea
silver Is a dead issue. It met Its Gettys
burg In 1S96 and Its Waterloo in 1900."
After an hour of? uproar and disorder,
which required the services of the ser
geant at arms and some police officers to
quell, the convention nominated' Joseph E.
Willard for Lieutenant Governor over Dr.
George W. Lecato, the candidate of tho
tidewater section. The convention ad-^
journed after midnight amid great confu
sion, without having begun the contest
for Attorney General and without having
received the report of the committee on
resolutions. These matters will be taken
up to-morrow.
* Governorship. - ¦
NORFOLK, Va., Aug. 14.— The Demo
cratic State Convention to-day nominated
A. J. Montague, present Attorney Gen
eral of Virginia, for Governor. Montague
was nominated by acclamation, the only
other' candidate, Congressman Claude A.
Swanson. having withdrawn from the
race to-day. State Senator Barksdale was
the temporary chairman of the conven
tion and Carter Glass of Lynchburg per
manent chairman.
Present Attorney General of the State
Selected to Htm for the
MONTAQTTE IS NAMED
BY VIRGINIA DEMOCRATS
I have been charged to employ all means
within my reach to strengthen and draw closer
the ties cf mutual understanding and harmony
that blQ-1 our respective countries. Colombia,
from the dawn of Its Independent existence, has
cultivated with solicitous care the friendship
of the United States, seeing in this great peo
ple political models to imitate, lessons in re
publicanism and democracy to learn, exatnplcj
to follow and hopes to realize. These moral
bonds shall be further strengthened when the
strong arm, already destined by Providence,
sunders the itshmlan chain that seems to unite
but in reality separates by hundreds of miles
two vast portions of the American -Continent.
Minister Silva was formerly the Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs in Colombia,
The Venezuelan Consul to San Fran
cisco, Enrique de Laveaga, is* in Mexico,
and there is no representative of the Ven
ezuelan Government in this city.
"President Sanclemente is not transact
ing the business of the Government of
Colombia. He is. quite old, and the active
duties of the 'Presidential office are in the
handtj of Vice * President r Jose Manuel
Marrpqulp.. , You must excuse me from
discussing our relations with any Euro
pean Government In case of interference.
I cannot consistently talk about that.
There is no question, however, regarding
the friendly feelings that the. people of
Colombia entertain toward the Govern
ment of the United States. When the
United States recently had trouble with
Venezuela about the asphalt deposits and
the United States Minister was withdrawn
by request the people of Colombia, seeing
tho lenient tieatment on the part of the
United States, perceived that this great
people do not have any tendency that is
hostile to the other American republics.
There is no question In our minds that Lhe
United States is friendly, and this coun
try, if it acts at all, will take the position
of our protector. The sentiment of our
people toward the United States has been
aptly expressed by Senor Carlos Martinez
Silva, our Minister at Washington, when
he said:
The harbor bill Is the work of an Irish
electric railway company, promoted by S.
G. Fraser, an engineer of Dublin. The de
signs appear in the initial stages. Nego
tiations have been announced for the be
ginning of the work. It is understood
some American capital has been guaran
teed in connection with the steamship ser
vice.. It is also understood that the enter
prise, includes an express line across
Southern Ireland and a channel ferry con
necting directly with . the Great Western
Railroad for London. The cost of the
Berehaven harbor works 'and the railroad
will be £900,000.
In the House of Commons to-day dur
ing the discussion of the naval works bill
Prettyman (Conservative) advanced as an
argument in favor- of the expenditure for
coaling facilities the recent report of the
United States Bureau of Equipment, say
ing Great Britain could not afford to be
behind the United States in this matter.
The bill asks for a total of £27,500,000 to
Increase the docking accommodations of
the coal depots and reserves of ammuni
tion. ' The construction of the Malta
breakwater, which will cost £1,000,000, and
railroads connecting the South Wales coal
fields with' home ports and works, is al
ready in progress, s
~. .,.., ... »?». ..«....»..?..<.—
tween Colombia and Venezuela. During
our war that has been In progress the last
two years, large \ bodies of Venezuelans
have taken part against the Government
of Colombia. Some of these bodies have
included 3000 men. They have espoused
the cause of the liberals. The! claim of
the liberals is that the church party In
Colombia Is narrow and oppressive. That
is not the tnth. In sixteen years of
power the churc'i party, although it has
been compelled to meet with the uprising
of the liberals, has advanced the Interests
of the country, has improved its cretlit
and there is an excellent prospect of de
velopment with the coming of peace. This
is the belief and understanding of the
principal men of Colombia. During" the
war there have been large battles. Wo
have lost not' less than 40,000 men by bat
tle and by diseases incident to military
duty. • ..v
LONDON, Aug. 14.— The House of Lords
took an unusual step this morning in sus
pending the sessional order with the ob
ject of passing on its second reading the
bill granting special powers to build a pier
and other works at Berehaven, in Bantry
Bay, Ireland, in connection with the pro
posed '. steamship line from Berehaven to
the United States, by which it is hoped
the voyage will be accomplished in four
and one-half days. The bill had already
passed the House of Commons.
Lord James of Hereford remarked that
such great public interests were concerned
that the Government desired to pass the
bill at the present session. He added that
the promoters desired to construct har
bor works, with the object of inaugurating
a line of steamers' to the United States.
The steamers will be built in Great Brit
ain and will accomplish the voyage . in
four and one-half days. The assent of the
Admiralty officials, who are constructing
naval works at Berehaven, had been
given for the building of the proposed
works on the foreshore. <
NAPLES, Aug. 14.— The funeral ot Slg
nor Crlspl to-day was an imposing one.
Cordons of troops lined the route, which
was through the principal streets, and
presented arms as the funeral car passed.
The car was drawn by eight black horses
with sable trappings.
The cords of the pall were held by th»
Mayors of Rome. Naples, Palermo and
Rlbera, Sicily, Crispl's birthplace: the
Vice President of the Chamber of Depu
ties and other state officials. A caisson
draped with flags was followed by cars
piled high with floral tributes.
The procession included King Victor
Emmanuel's aid de camp, representing
the King; the German Consul, represent
ing Emperor William: Senators, Deputies.
Ministers, generals, admirals, patriotic so
cieties, Garibaldian veterans and military
and naval detachments. Immense crowds*
occupied the streets, balconies and win
dows. All present uncovered a3 the coffin,
passed.
At the arsenal the remains were taken
on board the cruiser Varez. where there
was" a short service, minute guns belnsr
fired In the meanwhile. The Varez will
sail at midnight, escorted by the armored
cruiser Marco Polo and El Ettolre. con
veying the family of Slgnor Crispi and the
Government representatives.
Representatives of Monarchs
March Behind the
Coffin.
Liners Will: Cross Atlantic
in Four and a Half
Days.
Funeral of the Dead
Statesman in Streets
of Naples.
English Peers Discuss
7 a Bill for Fast
Steamers.
NEW PROJECT
AROUSES LORDS
ITALY HONORS
FAMOUS CRISPI
THE SA^TEA^CI^CO^ CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1901.
His Head Near a Jet and Is Asphyxiated.
Seth G Boyd of San Rafael Falls in a Faint With
FUMES FROM GAS STOVE
CAUSE A YOUTH'S DEATH
Many Persons Are Taking Passage to the Island of Hawaii to Witness
the Promised Awe-inspiring Spectacle* .
RUMBLINGS AND VIBRATIONS GIVE
WARNING OF KILAUEA'S ERUPTION
Continued From Page, One.
The Supreme Court of the Territory sits
in special session on Monday morning,
August 12, the anniversary of the day
upon which the American flag was hoisted
over these islands. Annexation day. It
will consider the legality of the income
tax, and also deal with cases of prisoners
released from jail on writs of habeas cor
pus, their original convictions having been
contrary to the constitution, they having
been convicted during the so-called
"transition periods" by the verdict of less
than a unanimous jury. A number of
these liberated prisoners have been re-
SECOND ARMY INVADES VENEZ ELA
2
9 ' ' ¦- , ¦
• iP^ > IlKr What Wflflr •
§ . ST uUjI it llul 1 IT illll* o
O fy,^*l^y "lam nervous and run down now, but I 9
9 ti~&kJ will be all right in a week." 9
• v _. ¦¦ifW^r^Th '* Cupcs Nepvcm Men. ©
• yffffijP^^'^fi^fav Cupcs Female Weakness. **
© jSngEaiiV H&fln. Cures Back Pains. S
9 Js&KmSmK ' JwShU^ Cures Stomach Troubles. g
© j^^^^^^L^SujM^3^1t'wt' l Si3^r»* :5r> t rfc R * MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT . IS 2
© israf^B5BwSPS(i^vIiBSi5'(5*ff52r"i «/ *^ a popular remedy nowadays. It is the only V
0 remedy which will cure while you sleep. Jim ©
O |£WSX9 H|K9r]>«( •*jigS22G-y' -7 Put it on whfn you go to bed. feel the warm £>
a fftS&SCS^ l$»£&i! ¦¦LeatlS§l&2ifcS& Slowing vitality KOln* Into your weakened parts o
MMIIfflW' and restoring their life and vigor, and not a JT
© /: . ' . "^aasraB^ffivfcajraaHMEF moment' a inconvenience. ©
A ;^la^tfffiK •> And > ou (!on ' t havc to dose ycur Ttoor a
© ™"* ¦WBffli^ stomach with nasty drufes. This shows g
1 fi^IlS' iSla RHIUYUTISM AND STOMACH CATARRH CURED O
© BwWd'i] I' I P iil'fj Tomales. Marln Co., Cal.. June 26. 1901. ©
S kSSvlitl/UI !'"« l.-ri iMlliwl DR MCLAUGHLIN— D»ar Sir: One could not ©
A BSaUMft • ! i'l'lfPiA «HiJ™ imagine the siege of suffering I passed throush g)
*Z flMniia ra MISS ffliMiiB from stomach trouble and rheumatism. I was JT
• rwlWJI ' ; l\W\ WWJB subjected to severe drug treatment, stomach °
© lBll™||| 'I ftiSft 'K'l'll pump treatment and diet treatment without the O
fi Wi§ i'i' I Hlf'AfV ilMI least relief. I Krew disgusted with them all and ©
S H" WlinllTMWi " ! Ni" as a last resort tried your belt, two years a«o. n
Of i lLJ/3/ \S| ] if'fjj i n three days I could fling away my cane, and 2T
• in three months was a new man, entirely cured and felt better than, N I had for years, g
• - Several of my friends have since purchased your belts. I would not part with mine for O
9 $10C0 if I could not fret another. Yours truly, JOHN B. GLAY. Q ,
M ¦ ' This man was cured 2 years aso. (J
o EDEP TECT I will be glad to (rtve you a free test if you will call. Or I will send you a
g f ACE 1 £ J 1 m y Httie book, with full information, waled, free If you will send this ad. ?
s dr. m.c. Mclaughlin, 702Ma^ t F^°: Geary - g
• Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. 9
©©eGe®«s©©©a©«©©©*i»©9««©«*©©9«0®*©®©©©©©8«©©©ATLANTA, Ga., Aug. 14.— A firm of cot
ton buyers ¦ announced to-day v that they
had taken Richmond P.Hobson Into part
nership.
Hobson in a Cotton Company.
' VALLEJO, Aug. 14.-iCaptain L. J. Al
len. U. S. N., was to-day waited upon by
a committee from the Trades and L»abor
Council and presented with a handsomely
engrossed copy of resolutions adopted by
that body, complimenting the captain on
the good .record he. has made In charre
of the steam' engineering departmenc at
the navy yard and expressing regret at
the order recently Issued detaching him
from this yard. -' " -
Captain Allen Honored.'
The Secret Service has unearthed another
band of • counterfeiters and secured a large
quantity of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
executed | that the average person would never
sufcpect them of being- spurious. Things of
great value are •always selected for imitation ¦
notably Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which has
many Imitators but no equals for disorders
like Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, ner
voiipness - and ,-nieral debility. Always go to
reliable tlnsgRists who have the reputation of
Elvlnff what you ask for. • .
Still More Counterfeiting.
Mayor Campbell presented the sovere'.gn
of the carnival "with, the golden key of
the city, and her proclamation was read
by Dr. H. F. Dewey.. At! the conclusion
of the ceremony the vast' crowd cheered
Itself hoarse, whistles screeched, bells
rang and every horn in the city was
brought into use.
To-night the city was a blaze of light.
Every building was gayly decorated with
the Elks' colors of purple and white, while
vari-colored incandescent lights festoon
the principal business blocks.
" TACOMA, Aug. 14.— The " crowning of
Miss Edith Rowe as queen of the Elks' :
carnival, the initiatory ceremony of the
fourteen days' festivity which -will pre
vail in this city, was witnessed to-dav by
the entire populace of Tacoma and thou
sands of visitors from all parts of the
Northwest.
west Open the Festivities in
Tacoma.
Elks From All Sections of rthe North-
MISS ROWE CROWNED ;
QUEEN OF CARNIVAX
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 14— Wesley Gri
jalva, a one-armed clerk in the employ of
Supervisor Shaffer, paved two boys from
drowning In Kern River yesterday after
noon. . Grijalva. accompanfed by George
Carrere and John Galvln, drove over the
new road to the oil fields. Upon reaching
the river they drove In at a point which
was supposed to be shallow, but the horse
went out of sight and the • boys . were
thrown from the buggy, which was over
turned. Grijalva was the only one of the
party that could STvim. ,
Despite the fact that he had but one
arm, he succeeded in getting the boys
to the bank. The horse was takon from
the river, {with considerable difficulty.
Death in the Waters. of
Kern Siver.
Bravely Rescues Comrades From
ONE-ARMED BOY SAVES
TWO FROM DROWNING
Special Dtepatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 14.— That the Bollinger
Trill case, which occupied seven weeks of
the time of Judge Hyland's court last
vrfnter and resulted in a disagreement,
xrtlY- require much attention by the judi
ciary of this county during the coming
autumn and winter Is evidenced by filings
being made in the County Clerk's office.
David R. Bollinger. through his attor
ney, to-day filed an amended answer and
cross complaint to the suit of Mary A.
L. Bollinger against G. Y. Bollinger. in
which he makes himself a party to the
suit to recover from his brother part
of the property held by him from the
estate of their father, Christian BollFn
ger.
Christian Bellinger, a pioneer resident
of this county, died more than a year
aero, leaving a large -estate. He left to
Mary Bollinger, his second wife, property
which he considered sufficient to satisfy
her, and the balance, upward of $200,000,
he deeded to his son, George. It is
claimed by his brothers and sisters that
this was to be divided equally among
them after the death of the father. These
five were the children* of his first wife.
The legal action taken thus far has been
on the part of the heirs of the second
•wife only, to obtain a portion of the
property deeded to George.
Now a further complication arises. The
brother, David, and a sister, Mrs. Pullan,
declare that George does not Intend to
keep faith with them, and they ask the
court to compel him to obey the Injunc
tion of his father and give them the one
fifth due each of them.
CAHADIAU SALMON
BOATS ARE SEIZED
Captured While Fishing in American
"Waters Adjacent to Bel
lingnanx Bay.
VANCOUVER. B. C,, Aug. It— Five
boats were seized last night and three
more of the Canadian salmon fleet on the
Fraser River were captured to-day By
American fishery protection officers of
Puget Sound. The Canadian boats had
be«n especially warned not to fish in
American waters adjacent to Belllngham
Bay and inside Point Roberts, as these
are districts which are purely American.
The warnlrg was given early last week.
Last night a half dozen boats offended
by crossing the boundary line in the
water and o-io of . their number was
pounced upon and tewed to Whatcom By
a revenue launch. The net and complete
fishing outfit were taken, the two Jap
anese fishermen aboard her being placed
In another boat and sent back to Steve
ston. Notices were posted along the Fra
eer River water front to-day warning
fishermen not to encroach upon. Ameri
can waters, as a night and day watch
waa being kept by United States officers.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
NAPA, Aug. 14.— John Graham of the
Veterans' Home at Yountville has been
charged with the murder of James Cough
lin. a comrade, who died last Saturday.
James Turner, a friend of Coughlin, swore
to the complaint before Justice Caldwell.
The defendant is confined in the County
Jail and his preliminary examination will
be held on Thursday,' August 15.
Coroner Kyser of. this City held an in
quest at the home on Monday afternoon.
It was shown that on the evening In ques
tion (August Z) Coughlin, James Turner
and Lev! Hlggins went to Mrs. Voltz's
place and met there three other veterans
—John Graham, Maurice McDonald and
A. Hearne. They had\ll been drinking,
and a row took place inside the wine cel
lar between Graham and Hearne. They
were separated, and Coughlin and Gra
ham went outside to settle it. They too
began to fight, but the others came be
tween and apparently the trouble was for
gotten. Soon afterward thev started back
to the home, Coughlin. Hlggins and Tur
ner befng in the lead and the ' others
stringing along a short distance behind.
Suddenly Graham came up quickly and
attacked Coughlin. During the mixup the
latter cried out: . *>
"For God's sake, don't let him kill me;
he's cutting me."
Higgins jumped upon Graham, pulled
him off Coughlin and sent him toward the
home by a circuitous route. -so as to keep
him away from Coughlin. The latter was
lying on the ground in great pain. Turner
went to Chris Cominada's house, awak
ened Cominada, borrowed some blankets
and took them back to Coughlin, making
him as comfortable as possible.. It was
past 3 o'clock in the morning when the
ambulance came and carried Coughlin to
the hospital. He was cut twice in the
groin. - - . . -
Coughlin was a native of Massachusetts
and 53 years of age. He was a molder by
trade and was admitted to • the home in
April, 1899.
Dolphin Brings Gold.
SEATTLE. Aug. 14.-The steamship
Dolphin arrived from Skaguay' this after
noon with $297,000 in gold, $280.000-of wiiicli
was consigned to the assay office here by
the Dawson branch of the Canadian Bank
of Commerce. Among the Dolphin's pas
sengers was United States Marshal Perry
from Rampart City, who Is brfnglng out
Dan Carlan. sentenced to life Imprison
ment at McNeils Island for a murder com
mitted last winter. • •
Santa Tnez Postofflce Sobbed.
SANTA YNEZ, Aug. 14.— The postofflce
here was robbed* last night, the thieves
obtaining $170 in sold and silver. .
J.' Boas, 330 Montgomery. at., pays. $LS5
for election warrants of August 13. •
John Graham Must An
swer for a Death at
Yountville.
Litigation Accumulates
in the Bellinger
Case.
The bride is -the youngest daughter of
Colonel and Mrs. Mordecai. She is
a young lady of charming personality
Captain Summerall has been stationed at
Fort Walla Walla since his return from
China, where he took a prominent part
with the RIley Battery at Peking and
earned an honorable promotion. General
Shafter, Colonel Rawles and Major Young
were among the army officers present.
BENICIA, Aug. 14.— A pretty wedding
was solemnized at the residence of, Colonel
Mordecai at -the Benicia arsenal to-day,
when at high noon Miss Laura Mordecai
Joined fortunes with Captain Charles P.
Summerall of Fort Walla Walla, Wash.
Rev. Mr. Kell-y, an Episcopal minister of
San Francisco, performed the ceremony.
The bride was attired in a grown of
white silk crepe over white silk made en
traine and trimmed with Duchesse lace.
The. Misses Helen and Miriam Clark,
daintily garbed in white organdies, acted
as bridesmaids, and Lieut. L. R. Burgess
as best man, while the four little Miley
children were the attendants. The wed
ding march from "Lohengrin" was played
by Miss Rita Weinmann.
Captain Summerall at Benicia
Barracks. *
Daughter of Colonel Mordecai Weds
GIVES HER HEART TO
A HERO OF PEKING
VETERAN FACES
MURDER CHARGE
There has been a great deal of guessing
of late as to proposed removals at .the
asylum. All .'the members of the board
are Republican, viz: Dr. E. Z. Hennessey,
E.' E. Washburn, Lew Martin, F. W.
Bush and C. R. Swain., Messrs. Bush and
Swain entered upon their duties only two
months ago.
Nichols is a son-in-law of John F. ZolJ
ner of Napa, who has b**en a prominent
figure in the politic* of Napa County for
the last thirty years.
NAPA, Aug. 14.— At the regular meeting
of the board of ' managers of the Nap.-i
State Hospital Manager Swain of Santa
Rosa moved that G. W. Nichols of this
city be appointed to the position of stew
ard, to succeed J. M. Palmer, who has
held the place since the Napa Institution
was opened. Action was deferred until
August 20, at which time the board ex
pects to get an opinion from Attorney
General Ford upon a legal question aE to
its power to make such appointment.
Swain contends that Palmer has filled out
his term of four years as steward, as pro
vided by the constitution, and that a
vacancy exists. He is making a strong
effort to get Nichols appointed.
Supersede Steward J. M.
Palmer.
PBOSPECTIVE CHANGES -
IN THE NAPA ASYLUM
Board Defers Action on a Motion to
The fact that the run of salmon on
the Columbia River has been unexpect
edly large this year is believed to have
been due almost entirely to the great
number of fish turned out by the Wash
ington hatcheries on streams tributary
to the Columbia. Several of these hatch
eries have not been established long
enough to get direct returns in the form
of marked tails.
TACOMA, Aug. 14.— A. C. Little, State
Fish Commissioner, is commencing to get
results from scientific experiments con
ducted during the last four years, with
the object of ascertaining what propor
tion of youngr salmon turned out by the
State fish hatcheries return every fourth
year to their spawning grounds. He has
procured numerous fish tails from Co
lumbia-River fishermen which bear cer
tain marks placed upon . them before the
fish were set loose at the Kalama hatch
ery. • These fish are ipawn,of the sal
mon'caught in 1897, and are, therefore,
four years old. None of the tails were
obtained in previous years, again prov
ing that salmon return only every fourth
year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Marked Fish Caught in the
Columbia Four Years
After Liberation.
BITTER CONTEST
FOR AN ESTATE
j*s^ APTAIN* CHARLES LE BRETON.
/7 one _ of the best known and most
. VL> popular members of the National
' Guard .ind for many years secre
tary and cashier of the J. C. John
son Harness Company, committed suicide
at an early hour yesterday morning in
the bathroom of his residence, 230 Dolores
street, by cutting his throat. He was dis
covered too late fot medical assistance
to have been of avail. The body was re
moved to the Morgue. An inquest was
held a few hours later and a verdict of
"suicide while temporarily Insane" was
rendered by the jury.
| For years Captain Le Breton had been
/a sufferer from catarrh, from which he
f failed to find relief. Night after night he
paced the floor in a vain endeavor to tire
himself out that he might sleep. The
dread malady at length preyed upon his
mind. But sleeplessness at night did not
deter him from attending to his duties
during the day. and the members of the
firm say that bis books were models of
the bookkeeper's art.
Lately, it is said, fearlnp the loss
of his position on account of the dullness
of trade, he became morose and silent.
But the members of the firm say that
such an idea was furthermost from their
minds. He had been in the employ of the
firm for over forty years, and also man
agred the estate of the late J. C Johnson.
He enjoyed the confidence and esteem of
his employers, and an examination of his
books showed that his accounts were per
fectly correct.
On Tuesday afternoon he posted and
- the Front.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— General Chaf
fee, under date of July 5, reports the fol
lowing casualties:
In engagement near Tulampere, Luzon, June
21. 1901. William A. Rlffsby, Thirty-first Com
pany Artillery, leg:, moderate. In engagement
at Lucban. Luzon, June 19, Jose T. Harley,
Company A. First Cavalry, left chest, serious.
Killed by natives near Santa Cruz. Cavlte.
February 13, bodies recovered May 24: Thomas
H. Mathlas. Company H, Fortfeth Infantry r
James R. White, Company H, Fourth In
fantry. Killed in engagement at Bohol Island,
June 17, Albert C. Krauz, Company I, Nine
teenth Infantry. , •
Under date of July 9 General Chaffee
sends the following list of deaths in the
Philippine army:
Malarial fever — Lawrence Whalen. Company
M, Third Cavalry: William A. Quinn, Com
pany D, Twentieth Infantry; Frank Sparks,
Company C. First Infantry: Sylvester S. Hol
ley, Comnany M. Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Variola — William H. Seymour, Company L,
Twenty-sixth- Infantry; Henry Gk-ason. Com
pany L., Twenty-sixth Infantry.
Dysentery— Henry A. Phillips, ComDany L,
Twenty-sixth Infantry; John Powers, Company
B. Fifteenth Infantry; Charles- Kowalski,
Compcny L, Thirteenth Infantry: John Mc-
Govern, corporal. Company G, Eighteenth In
fantry.
Drowned— Basil I. Balrd, corporal. Company
A. Twentieth, Infantry; Charles Alken. Com
pany D. Twentieth Infantry.
Typhoid fever — John F. Shoemaker, Company
H. Eighteenth Infantry: William E. Kinp.
corporal. Company H, Thirty-eighth Infantry.
Tuberculosis — Perry Harris, Company H,
Ninth Cavalry: Charles F. Durnln, corporal,
Company M, Eighteenth Infantry.
Pneumonia — Homer H. Hendrlcks, Company
K, T«?nth Infantry. •
Uraemia — Monroe Carroll, Company B,
Twenty-fifth Infantry.
Diarrhoea— John Davis, Company C, En
gineers.
Alcoholism — Trueman Cornell, Company E,
Thirteenth Infantry; Fred M. Darden, Hospi
tal Corps. . .
General Chaffee Informs the War De
partment of Casualties at
DEATH'S LATEST LIST
FEOM THE PHILIPPINES
Although long since retired from active
service. Captain Le Breton .always main
tained an interest in the National. Guard.
One of his chief delights ¦was to visit the
armory of his old company and night
after night talk over the days that he had
passed in active service. He joined the
organization known as the Veteran
Guards Association, and for over twenty
years handled thousands of dollars of its
funds, and also the funds of the company
of which he was captain. His late com
rades are arranging the details of his
funeral.-
From the ranks Captain Le Breton rose
by successive promotions to the position
of captain of one of the companies com
prising the Nationals, as Companies C
and G were popularly known. He was
thoroughly versed in every detail of the
infantry tactics, and his company was al
ways* considered one of the most thor
oughly drilled in the city. He was one
of the crack marksmen of the guard, and
was one of the teum that went East to
compete with other National Guard or
ganizations for the celebrated Centennial
trophy on the Creedmoor range. The team
of which' he was a member brought back
the beautiful bronze trophy with them to
California.
Captain Le Breton leaves a wife and
two children. His remains, after the in
quest, were removed to an undertaking
parlor and will be removed to-day to the
National Guard Armory on Ellis street,
where they will lie in state until to-mor
row afternoon, "tv-hen they will be burled
with the full military honors befitting his
rank.
Edward H. Korton, a member of the
Urm, said that Captain Le Breton was the
best bookkeeper and cashier he ever
knew and that no (question could be raised
as to his accounts. They left the office
together on Tuesday evening, after hav
ing made an appointment to attend to
certain business affairs yesterday. He
was greatly surprised to learn of Le Bre
ton's suicide.
balanced- his books to date. He left the
store about 6 o'clock and went home. He
appeared in his usual good spirits, chat
ting pleasantly with his family. About
midnight he went into the bathroom, and
as he did not return for some time an en
trance was forced and he was found lying
on the floor in a pool of blood, with a
gaping wound in the throat. Medical aid
was summoned, but he was beyond as
sistance.
FORMER CAPTAIN OF THE NA
TIONAL GUARD COMMITS SUI
CIDE WHILE INSANE.
CRY OF "FIRE!"
SCARES BATHERS
NEW SMELTER
AND NEW TOWN
Great Plant to Be Con
structed in Sfiasta
County.
Causes an Exodus From
Bathhouse at Plaza
Del Mar.
GUEST OF PARAISO
SPRINGS IS MISSING
Thomas Hart of San Fran
cisco Believed to Have
Ended His Life.
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 14.— Fire at
the Plaza-del Mar at 11 o'clock this morn
ing destroyed the buildings of the Santa
Barbara Shell Company, causing a loss
of about 52000. The origin of the conflag
ration is not known. K started in a room
in the rear of the building, where a gaso
line engine was kept for, the use of pol
ishing shells. , There was a barrel of en
gine oil in this room and the fire may
have caught in this. It is said that there
was about $1400 insurance on the place.
The property belonged to Burton Crist.
The shell store was only a few yards
from the new bathhouse and the fire took
place just at the hour of bathing. In the
bathhouse some one started the cry
"Fire!" and in a moment there was the
start of a panic. Several bathers rushed
into the halls in abbreviated costumes,
and only the quick work of employes pre
vented a general rush of scantily clad
guests to the plaza. The bathhouse Is
some distance from the plaza and was at
no time In danger.
REDDING, Aug. 14.— The third great
smelting plant of Shasta County, that of
the Trinity Copper Company, will soon be
under way. The site selected is on the
bank of the Big Backbone Creek,, less
than a half .mile from the line of the
Southern Pacific Company and abAut an
equal distance from the town of Kennet.
A branch line will be constructed s from
the main line of the Southern Pacific
Company. The contract for the construc
tion of the copper plant, which will be
the largest in Shasta County, will be
closed within a few days at the home of
fice in .Boston. /
The company is now surveying and lay
ing out a townsite to the north of Kenneb
and to the east of the smelter site. It will
be the best laid out minhig torwn in Shasta
County, particular attention being paid to
the natural topography of the tableland
upon which it will stand and to Irrigation,
drainage and sewerage. The town will be
called Lawson, in honor of Thomas W.
Lawson, president of the Trinity Copper
Company and owner of the famous yacht
Independence.
'Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Aug. 14.— Thomas Hart of
San Francisco, who has been stopping at
the Paralso Springs, has disappeared, and
it is feared that he has taken his own
life. On July 28, Hart went to Gonzales,
where he bought a pistol. To friends he
said that he had determined to end his
life, which was full. of troubles. The last
seen of Hart was on August 1, when he
crossed the Salinas River at Soledad.
EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS
DOWN" THE COAST
Jarred, but No Damage
Results.
Salinas and Santa Cruz Are Twice
SALINAS, Aug. 14.— Two sharp earth
quake shocks were felt here at 3:25 o'clock
thla morning. The vibrations were from
northeast to southwest, lasting seven and
ten seconds, respectively. No damage Is
reported.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 14.— Slight earth
quake shocks were felt here this morn
ing at 3:11 and 3:22 o'clock. The vibra
tions were from north to south. •
CATUCOS. Aug. 14.— A sharp earth
quake shock was felt here at 2 o'clock
this morning.
SETTLING A QUESTION
OF CATHOLIC, SCHOOLS
New Arrangement'to End Lor.g
Authorities in Manitoba Propose a
Controversy.
WINNIPEG, Man., Aug. 14.— The Cath
olic school question, which has agitated
this province for years, has at last been
settied. The public school boards have
voted to take over the Catholic schools
and hire all of the teachers in them who
can qualify, stipulating that no religious
garb shall be worn. Nuns are thus de
barred from the teaching staff. The
agreement with the Catholic board pro
vides that after the entrance of the Cath
olic children no distinction shall apply
in regard to the regulation bill. They
become public school children. It is be
lieved the terms .-will be accepted for all
schools . where nuns are not engaged. •
Site for Grand Canyon Hotel.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 14.— A committee
of Santa Fe Railroad officials, composed
of Acting General Manager A. G.: Wells,
General Passenger Agent J. J. Byrne and
Architect Whittlesey of Chicago, will
leave here on Thursday for the Grand
Canyon of the Colorado. Its object is the
selection of a site for the bis hotel which
the company proposes to erect at the en
trance to the canyon. It is expected that
the hotel will be opened for guests by the
close of next spring. - •
Unrequited Love ai/d Suicide.
SALINAS, Aug. 14.— The body of Ed
ward Tihl .was found in a field near Gon
zales this afternoon, a short distance
from his . mother's home. His hand
clutched a pistol. • with which he had
blown out his brains. Tihl was 25 years
of age and a member of . a prominent
Danish family. . It is believed that un
requited love, was the cause of his sui
cide. . .
Sir "William Laird.
GLASGOW, Augr. 14.— Sir "William Laird,
the Ironmaster, is dead. He was born in
1S30. : .
Eight lawyers and thirty witnesses,
most of the latter being neighbors of Con
atser, are in attendance at the " trial,
which is being hotly fought. The con
testants are trying to show that Conatser
was unconscious when the Walla Walla
will was signed ,-lf indeed he signed It at
all. — . .
Marion Baker, a pioneer, who came to
"Whitman County twenty-nine years ago
and tcok a homestead near that of Conai
ser, and was as intimately acquainted
with the latter as any one ever became,
says Gilliam was v.ith Conatser when he
came there, but left the country in 1S74,
having- sold his claim, and was never
seen there again. Baker says Conatser
always kept a horse saddled and bridled
near his door in early days, and told him
that he was on the lookout all the time
and that a coyote could not come on the
ranch without him seeing it.
Conatser was. well educated and took
many papers and magazines. He came to
Colfax thirty-five years ago, when but
few white settlers had arrived, and lived
the life of a hermit in a log cabin. He
did his own cooking. He accumulated
property, and at the time of his death
had 2500 acres of fine land and large num
bers of Blooded cattle and horses, with
other property, of a total value of $90,000
to ?100,000.
Henry Douglas, one of the contestants,
makes the sensational claim that the "de
ceased was W. A. ¦ Douglas, who had
killed a man in Dallas, Tex., soon after
the close of the war of the Rebellion, and
who fled to Washington Territory and
changed his name to Joseph Conatser.
Douglas claims that Conatser, or Douglas,
had as an accomplice a man named Gil
liam. Gilliam. was captured, found guilty
and sentenced to the penitentiary for life,
but escaped and came to Washington Ter
ritory, where he joined his partner In
crime and was afterward pardoned. La
ter he returned to' Texas and was shot
and killed by John Chowning, Marshal o£
Whiteright.
TACOMA, Aug. 14.— At Coif ax to-day a
sensation was sprung over the estate of
Joseph Conatser, a wealthy bachelor her
mit and stock grower, who died In the
Walla Walla Hospital last April. A will
purporting to have been" signed by Conat
ser, on April 10 of this year, by which he
left $10,000 to the hospital in which he died
and the remainder to his brother and sis
ter, provided they be found in six months,
was filed for probate and a contest re
sulted. . .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declare the . Late Recluse
Fled From Texas to
• Escape Hanging.
Contestants of Joseph
Conatser's Will Spring
Sensation.
them as one buys cattle. He sells dele
gations to nominating conventions as one
sells merchandise. At this time the ques
tion agitating the boss camp is whether
he can deliver the goods that he offers
to sell.
Saved by Democrats.
The Republican Municipal Convention
will meet on Monday/September 16. Boss
Kelly's . generalship in marshaling the
I>emocratic push under the immediate
command of Rainey, Maxwell and
Greaney defeated the Republican Primary
League. The Democratic . reinforcement
was , all that saved the : allied Republican
bosses from utter defeat and confusion.
In - the ' Forty-fourth District, where Abe
Ruef, representing the. Primary League,
fought the pluckiest battle ever, seen In
the political arena of -San Francisco, the
Democrats who voted for their own party
ticket numbered less than one hundred.
The returns practically establish the fact
that Kelly and . Rainey were forced to
rally four hundred ' Democrats to over
come the immense Republican ¦ vote cast
for Mr. Ruef. All the energies ¦ of the
allied bosses were combined: to defeat
Ruef because he was the leader, whose
presence in the _. convent! on they most
feared. . According to declaration made
before the Republican State Central Com
mittee at Golden Gate Hall, Mr. Ruef will
supjJhrt the Republican municipal ticket
if it be not absolutely debasing, and
despite his defeat he will doubtless keep
his word. "It Is probable, however, that
twenty thousand registered "Republican
voters who did not participate in the pri
mary election for delegates to the conven
tion are reserving ' the right to vote
against all boss-tainted candidates. The
Call will cheerfully assist in the ~ good
work of indicating the boss labels on the
candidates, so that the "good citizens"
who did not vote at all at the primary
may sain absolution by voting right at
the general election.
• Candidates for Mayor.
Candidates for Mayor can come to the
front' now. Harbor. Commissioner Kirk
patrick. manager of the Palace Hotel.' has
been added to the Republican . list. • Rail
road Commissioner LaumeiPter is men
tioned. Auditor Asa R. Wells is talked
of, and Judg-e Bahrs and Colonel "George
Stone are on the list of the available.
There is said to be plenty of good ma
terial in sight for the chairmanship of the
Republican convention. Thomas P.
Woodward, president of the Republican
Primary League, and L. G. Burnett of the
Horace Davis Club are said to be good
presiding officers.
The anti-boss minority under skillful
leadership may cause the bosses consid
erable uneasiness before the campaign
closes.
Knives Already Out for Kelly— Inferior Henchmen
Apprehend an Unequal Division of Boodle.
SALMON COME BACK
TO SPAWNING GROUND
THE political bosseB are already
fighting among themselves for
the spoils of. victory. The boast
ing of success at the primary had
hardly begun when the smaller
bosses of the alliance, suspecting that
Kelly might become arrogant and dicta
torial in the division of the boodle, drew
their knives for his undoing, it is said
that Kelly met their assaults with a
prompt declaration that he had^gone to
the front In the battle and proposed to
keep what he had won. He recognized
the sly politicians who were seeking to
break his leadership in the boss camp as
the brush workers who were out of sight
when the battle was on. but who quickly
sprang from cover when the flght was
won. The small bosses are envious of
Kelly and condemn the newspapers for
making him the subject of political car
toons. Bosses of an inferior grade such
as John Lynch, Eddie Conroy, Jere
Burke, Johnny Mackenzie and others
who were identified with the touts In the
prolonged Senatorial struggle want to Be
exalted as statesmen who were conspicu
ous in the primary election contest but
Kelly tells them to hold their place and
restrain their zeal until he gives them
orders. ¦ . , . .
Several of the underlings are inclined
to be snarly and vicious In speaking of
Kelly, asserting that the chief boss can
not organize the convention without their
assistance. If a dose of discipline be
comes necessary Kelly will round them
up in public and administer it, as he ad
ministered the dose at the ' Grand Hotel
the evening that the San Francisco dele
gation to the Legislature met at the Pal
ace and indorsed "Corney" Pendleton for
Speaker. At that time Kelly took a cen
tral position and indicated to his hench
men that they should approach him
singly and salute, and every one of them
kow-towed to him in a public bar-room.
Martin Kelly- stands for nearly every
thing that is debasing, corrupt and'
vicious in the political system, but he
does not stand for any purity '. frills on
the part of politicians who are as vulner
able, but not as courageous, as himself
He goes to the head of his ticket and
challenges the better elements of the Re
publican party to fight him in the open.
He betrays his party for boodle and sells
nominations for coin.' His reputation is
judicially appraised at $1— which is 100
cents more than at least one of his as
sociates could recover in a slander suit
With all of his political vices the people
of his district have admiration for ; His
audacity. ¦ When he needs votes he buys
OSSES ARE FIGHTING
IN THEIR OWN CAMP
Noted National Guard Officer Cuts His Throat at
His House While Temporarily Insane.
DEMENTIA CAUSES SUICIDE
OF CAPTAIN LA BRETON
CLAIM HERMIT
WAS MURDERER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1901.
3
'Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
"Replaced for h'flv \ Cenis:
Any Astigmat c Lens Duplicated for .
OcuHsts' Prescrlp's. Filled. Phone— Main 10.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
>\t« xm - H0TU *. - .Scientific
642 Market ot. instrument?
umdi« CHROwcil BUILPIN&. CATALOGUE FfKC, '
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
t - . ¦
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does.no harm.
No harm! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm.is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
. bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made ; the fat'
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined. '
What is good soap ?
All sorts of stores sell it, especially druggists;
all sorts cf.nrroir use it. ¦ • . .
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catklogues. and Prica Lists Maibi
; on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES \
bt. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahle
& Co. (est'd. 1S52> 409 Market Bt. : upon in-
stallment or. rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AN iPiaiROX.-
] f WII CAM jfrtl SOO Battery Street
J- V/- UlLjUil lllU-i Tel-phone Main 18M.
TA^ RftYFS £ f1 ShiPPlnc Butchers. 104
JA3« DmC3 tt,yj- Clay. TeL Main 1894
r OILS. .
Z.UBRICXT1NO OILS. LEONARD A TCL.L.I3.
418 Front «t.. 8. F. Phono Main 1719.- _:
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSION " & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear «t.. S. F. Tel: Main E3?0.
.7 Pioneer Dry;- Goods: Store. .
Sells Ladles'; and \ Children's Hose 6c a pair:
Ladles' Linen Bklrts, 35c; Men's Fine; Dress
Shirts, worth $1. for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
PRINTING.
E. C HFIfiHFS printer.
I" U» UUUHC3. sil Sanaome st. 3. F.
. * PRINTERS, \ BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., ,
¦ .23 Flrat Street, San Francisco.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF 1'HK, '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
London Guarantee
and Accident
COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1900, . and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the ' In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia? pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
• ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,011,703 40
Cash In Company's Office....". SW 0D
Cash In Banks SO, 000 00
Interest due and accrued .cm' all
Stocks and Loans 9,724 03
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 99,193 33
Total Assets $1,171,519 90
LIABILITIES. "
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense : -. $49,839 SO
Losses resisted, including! expenses.. 216,340 CO
Gross premiums on Risks- running
one year or less, J ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 37G.2H 01
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $......; rein-
surance- pro rata 8.S33 77
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
e, tc -- • 4.47163
Reinsurance ............... 5*V8t
All other liabilities 53.0CO0O
Total Liabilities $741,22S 04
INCOME. ~ =
Net cash actually received for prem- ¦- - * Z'J
lums ., $911,052 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from,
all other sources „ 33.113 SI
Total Income .$344,163 61
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing: $ losses of previous years). $410,666 32
Remitted to Home Office 4S.154 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 211,953 31
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 40,125 OS
Paid for State, National ana Local
taxes 24.311 SS
All other payments and expendi-
tures .... 51.453 Co
Total Expenditures $820,170 C4
A. W. MASTERS, General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this ISth
day of January, 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
edw.cXandis
, .->.', General Agent,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Francisco. Cal.
Phone John 61.
Accident and Liability Insurance.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•trenfta to sexual organs. Depot. 123 Marker
STATEMENT
THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Pacific Surety
INSURANCE dOMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of th-s Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner: .
CAPITAL.
Amount ot Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash .' $25C,0CO 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company $4,000*00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 166,11103
Cash' Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 82,890 55
Savings Banks deposits 52,931 81
Cash In Company's Office -L^ 90
Cash In Banks t.. 9,874 70
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans .V I.S63 34
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and '
Mortgages 788 60
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 6,684 09
Total Assets "...'.. $325,374 02
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense $2,500 00
Losses resisted, including expenses...... 1,700
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or less, f : reinsurance . - ¦ ;
E0 per cent 23.C38 25
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year. $ ....; re-
insurance pro rata 3.S69 40
Total Liabilities $33,707 65
INCOME. " ™
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $50,644 S7
i Received for Interest en Bonds and
; Mortgages ... ........:.. 12,052 90
Received for Interest and dividends on
• Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 5,660 10
Received from all other sources 53
' Total Income $63,849 40
EXPENDITURES. > - ,- ¦ • i
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ • losses of previous
* years) I • $3,929 SI
Dividends to Stockholders 13.0CO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage .-.- 5,70137
Paid for Salaries.' Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc 13,437 25
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 3.759 41
All other payments and expenditures.. 11,945 93
Total Expenditures :.'. $53,773 77
WALLACE EVERSON. President.
A. P. REDDING.. Secretary.
1 Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2Jd
day of January. 1901. M. M. RHOREK,
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Cash Assets July 1/ 1901. $342,000
GUARANTEE CASUALTY,
Bonds of Surety, Ship. Steam, Boiler
. end Plate Gless Insurance. '
Head 0fflc3 : 326 Montgomery Street^
' Snn Francisco.
. • ADVERTISEMENTS. .
TWO FIMI1I PEOPLE : SS
Would These Two Cures Have Been Made If Some Remedy Had Been M-
|;V stitnted for Pe-ru-na ?
Mr. D. Young, attorney, counselor of
Aurora Lodge No. 66 of the Mystic "Work-
ers of the "World, writes from 103 South
Broadway, Aurora, 111.,- as follows:
"I suffered with catarrh for eight
years before I
? »«»••» m •••••- ? found anything
(l 'that would help
' .^SPESSL "me. I have
l ''-'l : i''-'£r^^^% 'wasted hundreds
11 W2 |- ",of dollars trying
1 ' Bar ¦¦ri. _J 'to get relief, and
" {ft** ? never found any
' \% \ J" ' f until I read of
1 • \ • • fthi I . • ' what .Peruna
I £&¥w " claimed to do for
1 .'. . 1 *' catarrh. A. few
' ¦-Irf^^ ' "bottles cured me
' Jlii§&\ //jgfr,. ? completely: it
' *§8sf8&C+rrL fSSfi&P t not only cured
"fm§£!B?w^' " P y catarrh by
1 z$3t§§§*B&£?&& '• invigorating my
1 '•; .^SJs^-^ 5 ' n whole system un-
" Attorney' Young. • ' ttt to-day I feel
' - , . , . :. ? ten years younger
a •««««. »»«»»« 4 and. In- complete
- • , - and perfect health
—in' fact, a new man, thanks to Peruna."
—Delancy Young."-
"When a patient calls at a drug store to
procure some .Peruna and the- druggljt
recommends something else that will be
Just as good it may. be that he does. not
always recognize the responsibility, that
he is taking upon himself. Such a sub-
stitute is always sure to result In failure
and may result fatally. .: . . . .
In some cases .catarrh has a tendency
to become chronic, and it not Infrequently
sets up disease that finally proves fatal.
Peruna taken in time will prevent, these
cases. To substitute. some other remedy
means dangerous delay. •
It Is " certainly ¦ a great responsibility
that any, druggist takes upon himself to
recommend any one to. take some imita- ¦
tion of Peruna when the life of the
patient may depend upon having the Pe-
runa in time.
Read the testimonials of these two peo-
ple that were cured by Peruna. Had the
druggist recommended one of these, im-
itations of Peruna would* it be supposed
for an instant that these two people would
be well to-day? • \ ~
Hon. W. S. Lane. Ordinary (Pro-
bate Judge) for Wilkes County, Ga..
writes from
"W a a h i ngton, +••»»»» ¦»«»«»»
Ga., the follow- <" • ¦ . ,
¦ Columbus, O. z <¦ M f^ i
Gentlemen — i w '— Ft ,
"This is to cer- 4 I^ggWgyig ,
tlfy that I have , , M "^f O^ f(SR ,
used . two and < . \1 g "Sf/ ,
one-half bottles ,, M /^-v py ,
of. Peruna for a , l_awlfi3L 1/
very bad case of ,, jOTjffl^. J[
catarrh,' and am • , , '* • 7\~ * v}l/l 1
happy to say to , , . j^Sst**^ /v ; 1
you that I have , JB ?^g^§. / Bk
been entirely ,^S§M >. / eg**
cured and glad- Th* r|l M WII
1 y recommend , "^geiigiguSBESwPSs/
Peruna to any- » MT
one suffering (| ~>^s v p&&
from catarrh In ,, .'.*¦-•• .-«.¦¦ s
aPso'S ?t a ln .:; ™* e =*. 8.. Lane.
my family with '*•••••• «•»•»«*
satisfactory re- .
suits, both as a tonic and remedy for
catarrh."— "W. S. Lane. .
If you do not derive prompt. and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement of your case and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis. /
i Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha
Hartman. Sanitarium,' Columbus, Ohio.Many rice fields along the lower coast
are under water and orange lands will be
damaged. Many people in that section
have left their houses. There is probably
some loss of life, but no definite Teports
have reached here. -Along. the Mississippi
gulf coast the wind and water are high,
but no damage has yet been reported.^
Captain Selders of the steamship Olym
pia, which arrived here to-day, reports
that on August 13 he saw a small schoon
er ashore outside of the South Pass which
had three persons on board who were call-
Ing for help. The pilots at South.Pass
had made efforts to rescue', them, but
failed, owing to the strong gale and high
seas.' ¦-•.¦,.•"¦.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 14.— The storm
which has been raging at the Mississippi
River's "mouth for over twenty-four hours
has backed up the water In the river fully
five feet. ¦
Planters at Mississippi's
Mouth in Serious
- Danger.
RIVER RISES
ABOVE HOMES
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 14.— Owing
to the enormous supply of fruit, all the
American compani/s have materially re
duced the purchase price, and cultivators
are expressing much dissatisfaction.
Low Prices for Jamaica Fruit.
NANAIMO, B. C, Aug. 14.— The 3000 in
habitants of Extension are fighting to
night to preserve their homes from a con
flagration which Is likely to wipe out the
town. The flames from a mile of blazing
bush are being . driven upon the houses
by a high wind. Several buildings have
been destroyed.. A large force of men Is
protecting the pit heads:
Fire Threatens a Town.
Puppy stake. 16 entries— Rambler vs. Red
Rock; Fanple Hughle vs. Little. May; Lady
Newark vs. Royal Archer; For Liberty vs
A. J. Martin; Flying Ship vs. Lookout; Aeolus
vs. Satanela; Friendship vs. Sofala; Goldie
Mac vs. May Be Kind.
Open stake, 104 entries— Loyal Lad vs. Mose-
Warpath vs. Harlean Gladys: McKlnley vs
Ireland; Tralee Boy vs. Liberator; Floodgate
vs. Pickpocket: For Glory vs. Tom Hurllck-
Tapioca vs. America: Hickory Dick vs. Rest
Assured; Naughty Girl vs. Spiteful; Snapper
Garrison V* Bridget Cleary; Best Bargain vs.
Sir Laurence: Klttleman vs. Rocker; Frisco
Lad vs. Three Cheers; Vulcan vs. John Doe;
Norah vs. Sweet Emma: Annie Hall vs. Fine
Fire; Rural Artist vs. Fly by Night: Homer
Boy vs. Mayflower; Vandal vs. Achilles; Rec
tor vs. Greenback: Bona Fide vs. Talk to He-
Boney Boy -vs. "White Hat: Candelaria vs
King- Cotton; Ripple vs. Railway Boy Flora
McDonald vs. Lear King; Silver Cloud vs
Regina R: Modest Girl vs. Blackhead; Black
Flush vs. 'Bonnie Pasha; Luxor vs. Lady Glen
kirk; Golden Garter vs. Cotton Ball; Dewdrop
vs. Nora Laurence; Tiburon vs. Fontenoy
Thornhill vs. Johnnie R; Tyrone Prince v<» •
Cottage Lass; Modest Lad vs. Little Sister-
Santonin vs. Prompto; Chicago Boy vs. Real
Article; Half Moon vs. Amedee: Faraway vs.
Bonus; First Foot vs. Shadow; Roman Athlete
vs. Robert's Army; Sir Pasha vs. OHta- Stray
away vs. Aeneas; Royal Flush vs.-War Eagle-
St. Ives vs. Smuggler; Parlormaid vs. Rustic
Arbor; Crockett Hill vs. Master "Workman-
Castaway vs. Lily "Wright; Klllarney vs. Coro
nado: Motto vs. Bright Gold; Agamemnon vs
For Freedom; Flying Fox vs. Merrlwa.
At the Union Coursing Park on Satur
day and Sunday two high class stakes
will be run off. The first will be an open
event of 104 entries. In the puppy stake
are 16 entries. The drawings are as fol
lows:
Park Saturday and Sunday-
Promises Good Sport.
Programme for Leashmen at Union
COTJBSING CARD DTCLTJDES
OPEN AND PTJPPY STAKES
Fourth race, five furlongs— Galena (C. Ross)
109, won: Fine Shot (Logue). 109, second-
Pongo (Tullett). 109. third. Time, 1:14»,£.
Bagdad and Jack McCabe also ran.
Third race, five furlong-s— Blue Bell (Hobart),
110, won; , Lou Clieveden (Alviso), 110. second;
Catherine Bravo (Logue), 103. third. Time,
1:01%. Pldalla and Dr. Hart also ran.
The last race of the day was also a five
furlong dash, with five entries. The
bookies held H. L. Haskell's chestnut
gelding Bagdad at even money and asked
odds of 3 to 5 on T. E. Latta's Pongo. J.
•A. Dunn's Jack McCabe sold as the ex
treme outsider, with others in between.
The race went to L. Tryon'a- bay mare
Galena, with H. E. Whitman's Fine Shot
a good second. Time. 1:14^4. Galena sold
as an outsider with few takers, and the
books won well on the race. Following
Is the summary:
First race, special pace, purse |150» mile
heats, beat three In five.
Oafltopsail (by Diablo), J. I* Smith
and George Ramage 2 111
Mattie B (Gulcello) * 2 2 2
El Reyo l^ist
Lafayette Eist
• Time— 2:18%. 2:19, 2:25. 2:20.
Second race, six furlongs— David S (Logue),
105, won; Coming Event (Ross), 110, second;
Skirmish (Hobart), 117, third. Time. 1:13%.
Diamond also ran.
As pretty a finish as was ever seen on a
Santa Rosa track marked the third race
of the day, a five furlong dash. Five of
the runners appeared in answer to the
bell. The start was a. good one and the
field came around \n a bunch. Down the
stretch Stephenson's Blue Bell, with Ho
bart up, had slightly the best of it.' but at
the last moment J. L. Rector's chestnut
mare Lou Clieveden came alongside and
if the wire .had been a few feet further
away she would have won the race. As
it was, Blue Bell got the decision by a
nose. ' ¦ ¦
The six-furlong dash for runners proved
an Interesting event. There -were four en
tries, and of these B. F. Hobart's'chest
nut mare Skirmish and E. Carey's bay
gelding David S both -had brackets to
their credit, the former having finished
first in a similar event on Monday and
the latter having taken a three-quarter
dash on Tuesday. The bookies put up Da
vid S at even money. .Skirmish at 5 to 3
and Coming Event at 3 to 2, with John
Burrough's Diamond as the outsider. Con
siderable trouble was experienced in
starting, but when the . horses got off It
was with David S in the lead, a position
he maintained all' the ¦way,, finishing in
1:13%. . - *
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 14.— The third day
of the race meeting under the auspices of
the Santa Rosa Racing Association
brought out a good attendance. The first
race was a special pace, best three in five.
J. L. Smith's chestnut stallion Gafftopsail,
with Owner Smith on the sulky, .easily
captured the purse, although Joe Cuicel
lo's bay mare Mattie B took the first
heat. Smith seemingly pulled the sorrel
up at the turn and threw the heat. As a
result he was replaced by George. Ram
age. Gafftopsail took the next three heats
without trying in 2:18%, 2:19 and 2:20. La
fayette and El. Revo were both distanced
in the first round.
Gafftop.sail Easily Annexes
the Purse in the Special
Pace:
Downs Lou Clieveden in
Close Finish at Santa .
Rosa.
BLUE BELL WINS
BY SHORT NOSE
Suicide in Agnews Asylum.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 14.-Louis Arrata, an
Inmate of Agnews Asylum, shot himself
through the head at 10 o'clock this morn-
Ing and died two hours later. Arrata. wa>»
committed from Ban Francisco in IS84. He
was a native of Italy, aged 39 years.
Old-Fashioned Bam-Raisiny.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. U— There was a
barn raising "* to-day on Philip^Hyries'
place, near this city, in which several
hundred persons participated, including
ministers, attorneys.journallsta and phy
sicians. The affair was under the aus
pices of the Grand Army Post. At noon
dinner was served by the Woman's Relief.
Corps. The barn was put up to replaco
one recently destroyed by fire/
CHICAGO, Aug. 14.— Executive repre
sentatives of the Union Pacific and South
ern Pacific who have been in Chicago fo?
several ' days working on details of the
plan for the consolidation of the outside
agencies of the two systems are said to>
have completed their work, and it is
stated that the agencies are to be merged,
under the management of the Southern
Pacific Company. With the merger, it la
said, thousands of soliciting passenger
and freight agents will be thrown out
of employment. »
Agents "Will Lose Positions.
Columbia and Constitution.
NEW YORK. Aug. 14.— The regatta
committee of the Uarchmont Tacht Club
announced positively to-day that the Con
stitution and Columbia will sail the first
race of the series on Friday, August 16.
The Constitution was the first to run
Into the calm streak, being then about an
eighth of a mile ahead and slightly to
windward. The Columbia carried the wind
a little longer and ran up on even terms.
Then, for half an hour, there was not
enough wind to stir the racing pennants
and, seeing no hope of a finish until long
after dark, at 3:22 both boats gave It up.
NEWPORT, R. I., Augr. 14.— After a
drifting match of three hours and forty
minutes to-day the Columbia and Con
stitution gave up the race and were
towed back to the city. At that time the
¦wind had fallen to a flat calm, neither
boat had steerage way and the outer mark
was still over four miles away. The race
will not resailed to-morrow, as both boats
are now on their -way up the Sound In,
tow to be on hand for the Larchmont
event on Friday. When the race was
given up there was nothing to choose be
tween the two yachts. So far as could
be Judged the distance to the turning 1 buoy
was about equal.
Three Hours.
Columbia and Constitution Save a
Drifting Match for More Than
BECALMED YACHTS GIVE
TJP A 'SCHEDULED RACE
CHICAGO. Aug. 14.— The Canadian
yacht Invader won again to-day In a
grand race, and the Canada's cup g023
back across the border, but accompanied
by five challenges.
Captain William Hale Thompson and
the crew of the defeated Cadillac were
beaten at all points of the game by th<5
more skillful Canadian skipper and
sailors.
Both the Chicago and Columbia Tacht
clubs challenged Immediately for the cup.
The Rochester Yacht Club and two Detroit
yacht clubs also challenged. The Cana
dian commodore says he cannot tell 'which,
of the five will be given preference.
That Captain Jarvis and his skilled and
well trained crew deserve most of the
credit for the Invader's success is the al
most unanimous opinion of experienced
yachtsmen who have watched closely the
serie3 of races, and the question most
often asked to-night Is whether the win
ner is really the better yacht. -
The Invader was designed by Sibbiclc
of Ryde, England. From his design and
plans the boat was built by James An
drews of Oakvllle, Ontario.
The elapsed time was; Invader 3:37:SS,
Cadillac 3:39:SS.
sails Thompson on the
Cadillac.
Captain. Jarvis on the Invader Out-
CANADIAN YACHT TAKES
CHALLENGE CUP HOME
. \
LONDON, Aug. 14.— Sir Thoma3 Upton
started for the United States to-day, leav
ing a, cheering crowd of acquaintances and
well-wishers, who had assembled at the
station to bid him farewell. His com
partment on the train was half filled with
flowers, Including a model of Sham
rock II, the gift of Miss May Morrell.
Sir Thomas' . party Included Charles
Russell, J. B. Hillard and Robert Urey.
George L. Watson, the yacht designer,
will join the party at Liverpool. ;
When the time drew near for the train
to leave the crowd sang "For He's a Jolly
Good Sellow" and called for a speech.
Sir Thomas thanked those present for
their kind wishes and expressed the hope
that Shamrock II would fulfill all ex
pectations.
g "We have done all on this side that
could be done," said he, "and the boat to
in the hands of the most skillful yachts
men in the United Kingdom. If we fall
we shall know we have been beaten bjr
generous, high-feeling sportsmen who
know more about the game than' we."
Sir Thomas stepped on the moving
train amid outbursts of cheering.
His Boat Is in Skill
- ful Hands.
Celebrated Yachtsman Says
Crowds Cheer the De
* parture of Hopeful
/Sir Thomas.
LIPTON STARTS
FOR AMERICA
TROTTING AND RUNNING RAGES
LADY GOLFERS AT BURLINGAME
FIGHTER CRIBB
DIES SUDDENLY
Found Dead in Bed After
a Mill With "Micky"
Dunn.
Letters From Australia In
dicate Foul Play as
* the Cause.
Otto Cribb, the Australian pugilist, is
dead. This information "is contained in
the Sydney news advices and in letters
received In this city by Cribb's brother.
On'the night of July 22 Cribb fought
"Micky" Dunn in Sydney before the Gay
ety Athletic Club. The fight lasted nine
rounds and ended in a knockout, Dunn
being the victor. The next morning Cribb
¦was found dead in bed.
In a letter from Otto Cribb's mother to
his brother in this city the charge of foul
play Is stated as the cause of death. After
'the post mortem most of the principals
concerned in ! the contest -were formally
arrested. •
Cribb's right name was Alfred Otto
Simpson. He was of Jewish extraction
and bore quite a reputation In Australia
before coming to this country. In this
city he' first met Frank McConnell, whom
he knocked out in a "few rounds. Then
he wae matched with Alec GreggatnB'
•whirlwind fighter "Dutch" Thurston. In
a twenty-round go of fistic churning and
flalllike fighting Cribb andThureton mixed
it up incessantly. A draw was the result,
and another match was made and fought,
Thureton getting the decislon.-
While in this city George Hartlng; was
Cribb's manager. Cribb earned quite a
<^eal of money in his time, fighting every
body that came along and. winning nearly
all his figtits. He lost a considerable
amount of his hard earned purses by try
ing the horses at Tanforan and Oakland
last season.
BASETRAT.T, MATCHES ON
THE EASTERN DIAMONDS
BOSTOX. Aug. 12.— Boston and Philadelphia
to-day made an. even, break in the fames and
of the series, the latter standing ten to ten.
Philadelphia's batting etreak, combined with
Boston's fearful fielding, gave the visitors the'
first game. •
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston « 0 4 4
Philadelphia 9 14 1
Batteries— Young, Mitchell and Criger; Fra
zer and Powers.
Score, second game:
Clubs- R. U, E.
Boston 4 9 0
Philadelphia 2.V 7 2
Batteries— 'Winters arid Schreck; Plank.
Bernhardt and Powers.
WASHINGTON', Aug. 14. - Washington
bunched its hits in the first and third Innings
to-day and won the last game of the Balti
more series. The grame was played In a driz
zling rain and was called at the end of the
sixth inning. Attendance, 1400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 8 7 1
Baltimore 4 T- 3
Batteries — Patten and Clarke; Xops, Kama
and Bresnahan.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
BROOKLYN". Aug. 14.— In order not to con
flict with the Cr«*sc^un-Abbott race on Thurs
day. Brooklyn and Philadelphia played a dou
ble-header to-day, the second game being the
one scheduled for to-morrow. The Brooklyns
won both games, their first double victory
this year. Donovan grave nine passes and made
two wild pitches in the first game, but the
visitors could not touch him after the second
lnninp, getting only five scattered hits. . Brook
lyn was outbatted in the second. Attendance,
2700. The score, first game:
Clubs— I R. h. E.
Philadelphia 4 5 5
Brooklyn 5 10 2
Batteries— Duggleby and Jacklitsch; Donovan
and McGuire. t'mpire — Nash.
Second game, score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia '. 2 12 2
Brooklyn a 10 1
Batteries— Townsend and McFarland; Xewton
and Farrell. I'mpire — Nash.
XEW YORK, Aug. 14.— The Xcw Torks
broke even In the double-header -with Boston
at the Polo Grounds to-day. In the first game
Taylor proved an easy mark for the Bostons
a.nd was hit hard when hits were most needed.
Denzer pitched the second pame for Kew York
a.nd shut out the visitors in clever style. At
tendance, C500. The score, first game:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Boston 8 15 2
Kew York , 3 6 1
Batteries— Willis and Klttredge; Taylor and
TVarner. Umpire— Emslie.
Second game, score: ' <
Clubs— • R. H. E.
ICew York -...¦ 3 10 1
Boston .' 0 5 0
Batteries— Denzer and Warner; Dineen and
Moran. Umpire— Emslie.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, : 1901.
SEATTLE, Aug. \ 14.— The Pacific Pack
ingiand Navigation -Company, thenew
combine of the Northwest ; canneries,
opened -for." business 1 to-day. The com
pany is I capitalized r at $25,000,000 and I em
braces about thirty canneries, and it -• is
expected that the Columbia River can
neries will join next year. Charles Coun
selman of Chicago is president ; of the
Cannery Combine Opens.
, SAN JOSE,! Aug. 14.—Prices for fresh
prunes are ruling better in this valley
than tor several seasons. . Fairly good
prunes are selling , for from $26 to < $30 a
ton and sales of choice' crops are reported
as high as $32 a ton. Sales of grapes. are
slow,, as : growers are^i demanding. $25,. or
more, while dealers show a disposition not
to go ¦ above J25 at present. • The crop is
short..-,. ¦ . ¦
Good Prices for Prunes.
: TOPEKA, Kans., Aug. 14.— One hundred
and thirty, cases of beer were publicly de
stroyed to-day "through smashing, by. or
der of the Board of Health. The liquor
had been secured from the joints on-offi
cial, raids and was r stored In the City
Prison. The saloon-owners were* about
to secure possession by court proceedings,'
when the Chief of Police declared it a
menace to the health of that portion of
the city and destroyed it. ' ¦; .
Destroyed.
Amber Beverage Are Publicly-
One Hundred and Thirty Cases of
OFFICIALS OF KANSAS V
SEND BEER A-FLOWING
. .The most interesting feature of the ses
sion Is likely to be the contest between
rival delegations from Philadelphia. In
this contest former Governor Robert E
Pattison will have an active part as the
champion of what is known as : the
"Ryan-Donelly" delegation. . ; ; • -• f
HABRISBURG, Pa., Aug. 14.— The
Democrats of Pennsylvania will meet
here in State convention to-morrow.
There is no contention for State offices,
and It Is expected the nominations will be
quickly made. It is said Judge Harmon
of Doylestown has no active opposition
for Supreme Judge. For State Treasurer
the names of William Hasson of Oil City
and Representative Andrew J. Palm of
Meadville are prominently mentioned.
The platform will be similar to the plat
form of 'the Ohio Democracy, and will
treat almost entirely of State issues. The
last Legislature will be condemned for the
passage of the rapid transit bills and the
Capitol bill. It is expected that those
Democrats who decline' to vote with the
anti-Quay Republicans at the organiza
tion of the House of Representatives will
be censured. C. J. Wiley of Williamsport
will be temporary chairman of the con
vention. .- ...".. . •:. • ¦ ¦
to Be Devoid of Sen
sation.
PENNSYLVANIA DEMOCRATS
VJTLL MEET IN HAB-MONY
Convention to Be Held To-3>ay Iiikely
The fact that the United States cruiser
Columbia docked at' Southampton a few
years ago for repairs caused the dock au
thorities to impose new regulations in or
der to avoid responsibilities. The South-'
ampton dock is a private and not a Gov
ernment institution.
LONDON, Aug. 14.— Rear Admiral Crom
well is in London to-night,- trying to ar
range to dock' his flagship, the Chicago,
at Southampton. • The authorities there
have refused to dock the cruiser unless
she discharges all her ammunition, and
the upshot will probably; be that the Chi
cago will go to Havre or Portsmouth.' • *
Grant a Favor to Rear Admiral
Cromwell.
Southampton Authorities Refuse . to
CHICAGO CANNOT DOCK
AT A BRITISH PORT
'LARNED, Kans., Aug. 14.— Vice President
Roosevelt went through here to-day on
an Atchison train homeward bound.
When the train reached the station Roose
velt alighted from, the sleeper and after
greeting the crowd which had gathered on
the platform climbed into the cab -and
rode for a considerable distance with the
engineer.
As the train began to pull out many of
the old soldiers, with their wives and
children, ran behind the car, seeking to
shake hands with the Vice President, sev
eral men climbing on the car platform
after the train had got up a good speed.
A fire of answers and amens poured
from the veterans, and Roosevelt continu
ing said in part: V > , ¦ . .,
• "We can. never hope to make the coun
try all it should be until we honor. the
man who work.?— until we accept the prin
ciple that the man is to be judged on his
work as a man." • : ¦»¦ ;..-.•¦•¦
HUTCHINSON, Kans., Augi 14.-Vice
President Roosevelt, e^ route home from
Colorado, stopped here for a short time
and from the lear platform of his train
addressed several thousand veterans at
tending the State Grand Army of ; the
Republic reunion. Roosevelt spoke for fif
teen minutes and aroused the crowd to
great enthusiasm. He thanked the old
soldiers in the name of the"Amerlcan peo
ple for their past valor and sacrifices, and
referring briefly to civic life warned them
not to envy a life of ease.
"You old soldiers," he said, "don't envy
those who lived lives of ease from '61 to
.'65. You don't regret the . work you did
then, do you?" .
The feature of to-day's celebration- was
the military, parade, this morning,, which
was participated in by several hundred
veterans of the Philippines attired in their
battle stained khaki uniforms, a detach
ment of regulars from Fort Douglass un
der command of Captain Thomas Schley,
several companies of the -Utah- National
Guard and numerous civic- societies. The
parade was tke finest ever i seen in this
city and 'was witnessed by thousands of
residents and visitors, who had come from
surrounding States.. • V -¦¦ " >
The election of General Hale was by
unanimous vote, but Council Bluffs se
cured- the next convention only after a
hard fight against several other cities.
Among the other officers chosen' were:
First' vice president. General • W. S. Met
calf of Kansas: second vice-president.
Captain J. ,F. Critchlbw of Utah; treas
urer. Captain P. J: Cosgrove of Nebraska;
corresponding f-ecretary, - J. 3. Myersof
Utah.'. Telegrams' and- letters expressing
regret at inability, to : attend, were read
from Admiral" Dewey, Vice President
Roosevelt, Colonel A. S. Frost of Illinois
and General Owen Summers of. Oregon.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 14— The election of
General Irving Hale of Colorado to "the
presidency of the organization and the se
lection of Council Bluffs, : Iowa, as the
place for holding the next encampment
was the most important business transact
ed at to-day's session of the second "an
nual reunion of the Army of, the'Philip
pines
Old Soldiers in Kansas
Greet the VicePres-.
ident.
Philippine Veterans on
Parade in Salt Lake
City. •
VETERANS CHEER
FOR ROOSEVELT
LUZON FIGHTERS
IN THE RANKS
TWO FAIR GOLF EXPERTS WHO HAVE JOURNEYED FROM SOUTH
ERN CALIFORNIA TO TRY TO CAPTURE THE PONIATOWSKI TRO
*. PHY FROM THE WOMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO AND VICINITY.
THE third annual contest for the
handsome silver cup presented by
Prince Andre Poniatowskl for
lady golfers takes place to-day on
the links of the Burlingame Coun
try Club. The contest is over eighteen
holes, medal play, and so can be decided
In a single day. Two names at present
appear on the cup, those of Miss Alice
Moffltt, who won it in 1S99, and of Miss
Caro^Crockett, successful last
year. -'ThV cup" wlir-b*^cbme the permanent
property of the first jCair golfer who wins
two yearly competitions. Miss Alice Mof
fitt being now married and residing in
New Ydjrk, there isj no - danger ''to be ap
prehended- from ,th£ft quarter.: The- con
test, however, to-day will be by far the
keenest; of the /three that have taken
place, as the list- of entries includes Mrs. •
R. Gilmah Brown. -esteemed the strongest
woman* golfer around' San Francisco; Miss
Caro Crockett, last year's winner; Mrs. H.
H. Sherwood, the best Oakland playenof
her sex," and four of the most expert wo
men golfers . of. Southern California — Mrs.
Jean W. Bowers. Mrs. Frank Seymour,
Mrs. Clement Hull and Mrs. J. D. Foster.
Mrs. Jean W. Bowers hails from Garvan
za and, like the other three ladies men
tioned, is a member of the "Los Angeles
Country Club. She has won golf, trophies
all over Southern California and captured
the woman's championship of that part
of the State in 1900 and 1901. The other
three ladles from the south are strong
golfers and at times run Mrs. Bowers
very close. : . % . . . •
The San Rafael golfers pin their faith
on Mrs. R. Gilman Brown, while the Bur
lingame people are: very desirous to ; see
Miss Crockett win. aa she is a member of
the "Country Club. The San Francisco
Club members . wish to see the trophy
brought to adorn the Presidio clubhouse
by Miss Alice Hager, who has been prac
ticing assiduously of late and is in very
good form. Mrs. Brown has been playing
daily on the Burlingame links, and Miss
Hager went down there yesterday, accom-
entries have been received from Mrs
Walter Martin, Miss Florence Ives, Mr<=
H. H. Sherwood, Miss Edith McBean an;.
?l\ ss , B J £ olb 1 er ;. The Oakl and golfers
think highly of the chances of Mrs. H H
Sherwood, who is .a keen and accurate
player, and the winner will almost cer
tainly come from the following: Mrs. R
G. Brown, Mrs. Jean W. Bowers, Mrs, H
H. Sherwood and Miss Alice Hager The
contest will be watched with interest bv
golfers throughout the State and will
serve as a preliminary canter for the first
annual competition for the woman's golf
championship of all California, which will
be fought outat Del Monte next wppIt
Judg-es and Took the
• • Money.
CHICAGO, Aug. 14.— Harlem results:
FirBt race, five furlongs— Mabel Winn won.
Approved second, Santa Teresa third. Time,
1:01 1-5.
Second race, six furlongs— Burnie Bunton
won. Headwater second, Vulcain third. Time,
1:13.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Dona
tion won, Filon d'Or second, Klarus third.
Time. 3:37 2-5.
.- Fourth race, one mile— Trinity Belle won,
Flying Torpedo second. Six Shooter third. Time
1:41.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Ishtar won, Julia
Junkln second, Doreen third. Time, 1:01.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, selling-
Miss Liza won. Zacatosa second, Frank Ireland
third. Time. 1:55.
SARATOGA, X. T., Aug. 14.— Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs. selling-
Tribes Hill won. Destitute .second, . Lady Go
diva third. Time, 1:07 4-5.
Second race, mile and three-sixteenths, han
dicap — First Whip won. His Eminence second,
Alsike -third. Time. 2:01.
' Third race, five arid a half furlongs, The Troy
stakes. for two-year-olds, selling— Five Nations
won, Essene second, Rocky third. Time, 1:07 3-5.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Bold Knight won.
Bard of Avon second, Scotch Bush third. Time,
1:14.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, for mares
and geldings, three-year-olds and upward-
Water Cure won, Kamara second, .Louisville
third. Time. 1:44 2-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Dr. Riddle won,
Goebel second, Annie Thompson third. Time,
1:13 2-5. . .
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 14.-Delmar Park results:
First race, six " and a half furlongs — Synco
pated Sandy won. Fickle Saint second Fred
Hessig third. Time, 1:23'4.
Second race, mile and twenty yards, selling-
Nannie J won, Jfce Doughty second, Quannah
Parker third. Time, 1:45.
Third race, five furlongs, purse— Okla won,
Madabell second. Royal Athlete third. Time,
l:C3. ',
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards— Lunar
won, Ida Ledford second, Rochester third.
Time. 1:46.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards, selling —
Tom Cromwell won. Round Turn second, Ne
karnls third. Time, 1:45%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling— Sweet
Dream won, Ladp.s second, Clonsilla third.
Time. 1:28%. , ,
BUFFALO, Aug. 14.— Fort Erie summary:
First race, six furlongs— Francis Rels won,
Nona B second, Francone third. Time, 1:14%.
Second race, five furlongs— Kirk Livingston
won. Rowick second. Thatch String third. Time
1:02%.
Third race, one mile— Orontas won, Montreal
second. Oak Maid third. Time, 1:40.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Dick Warren won.
Flaneur second. Selgeld third. Time, 1:14%.
Fifth race, one mile — Wine Press won. Ob
stinate Simon second, -Rushfields third. Time
1:40%.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— Ahamo
won. Lady Silver second. Little . Bailie third.
Time, 1:22.
BUTTE. Aug. 14.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Ned Dennis won,
Sweet Voice second, Ellis Glenn third. Time
1:15.. .'
Second race, one mile — July Gyp won. Linden
Ella second. Major King third. Time, 1:42%.
Third race, four furlongs— Jersey Edwards
won, Arlirie B second. Imp. MIntaka third.
Time. :49. .
Fourth race, one mile — Foncliffe won. Kenova
second. Lee Metford third. Time, 1:42.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Grace W.won, Im
model second, Ro*and Head third. Time, 1:02%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Devereaux won,
Mr. Robinson second. The Buffoon third. .Time
1:16. *^
DETROIT. Aug. 14.— Windsor, Ont., sum
mary:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Rustic Girl
won. Mr. Clay second, Laureatea third. Time
1:14%. . " . '
Second race, five furlongs— Amlgarl won. El
GIva second, Paul Greyton third. Time, 1:02.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Lady Kent
won. Ethel Davis second. Ruth Parks third
Time, 1:13%. . '
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Brown Vail
won, Tobe Paine second. Porter B third Time,
1:42. . .
Fifth race. six. furlongs— Henry Zltt won,
Huntressa second. Hi Lee third. Time. 1:13%.
Sixth race, mile and an -eighth, selling—
Aurea won, Baffled second. Longflo third.
Time, .1:56.
Seventh race, six furlongs, selllng-^Ed Roth
won. Tempt second. Remark third. Time, 1:15.
BESUXTS OF BACING 1
ON EASTERN TBACKS
Ponies That Caught the Eye of the
The Bonner Memorial. 2:12 class, trotting,
purse JSOWK-Onward Silver won first, fourth
and fifth heats In 2:10%. 2:10%. 2:11%. Cor
nelia Belle won the third heat in 2:10. Dolly
Dillon won the second heat In 2:09%. Dolly
Bidwell, Confessor, Frank Creamery. Dr.
Book, Elsie S, May Allen, Lady Geraldlnft,
Metallis and Catirum also started.
2:06 class, paclnc. purse J1500— Hetty O won
three straight beats In 2:06%, 2:07, 2:06%. Riley
B. Bonnie Direct and Eyelet also started.
2:24 class, trotting, purse J150O— Captain
Bracken won the second, third and fourth
heats in 2:13*i, 2:18%, 2:16%. Easter won the
first heat in 2:13%. Henrietta, Alberta D,
El illlareo, Nutbearer, Leola and Lady Tra
vis also started.
GLENS FALLS, N. T.. Aug. 14.-Grand Cir
cuit -summary:
2:06 uace, the Marlon, purse $1000— Mazette
won the race in straight heats in 2:06%. 2:07%.
2:06%. Maxine. ¦ Dariel, The Maid and Edith
W also started.
2:28 trot, the Glen, purse $1500— Eleatea won
three straight heats in 2:13. 2:13%, 2:12%.
Country J. Porto Rico and Lady Patchie also
started.
2:18 trot, purse $1500— Charlie Me won three
straight heats in 2:13>4, 2:14%, 2:11%.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— The principal
event of the New York Trotting Associa
tion meet at Brighton Beach to-day was
the $5000 Bonner Memorial Btake, which
had a large field and was the medium of
very heavy speculation. Dolly Bidwell led
in the first heat nearly all the way
around, but Onward Silver caught her at
the wire and beat her by a neck. ' . !
In the second heat Dolly Dillon won by
a neck from Cornelia Belle. The third
heat was between this pair and Cornelia
Belle won by two lengths. As three heats
had now been trotted the rest of the field
was sent to the barn and- Onward Silver
won the two next heats with very little
to spare. Summaries: :
2:20 pacing class, purse" $2000— Captain Brlno
w ? n » he » firet « secon d and fifth heats In 2:07H.
2:10, 2:30. Dick Lee won the third and fourth
heata In 2:10%, 2:11. Star Push, Dark Night,
fechnitz, Helen and P. H. Flynn also started.
2:24 class, pacing, purse $1500— Shadow
Chimes won three straight heats in 2:10%.
2:1SU, 2:16%. Terrace Queen. Xava. Cubanola,
Thorawejv St. " .Patrick . and -Reckless -also
started. ,'
Glens Palls.
Summary of Grand Circuit
Trotting • Races - at k '. .
Takes /Bonner Memorial
Stake in the Fifth
Meat.
ONWARD SILVER
WINS THE MONEY
Twelve Experts of the Presidio, Oakland, SanR^ael;Burlingame
and the South Meet To-Day on Country Club's Links.
GOLF GIRLS ARE EAGER TO CARRY
OFF THE PRINCE PONIATOWSKI CUP
panied by Robert Johnstone, the Presidio
professional. Miss Crockett's supporters
hope that Mrs. Brown and Miss Hagrer,
being accustomed to turf putting greens,
will be disconcerted by the oil sand af
fairs at Blingum. But the Southern Calt
fornians are ; right at home on the "put
ting brown" with its oiled surface.. In
addition to the ladies already mentioned
4
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
§QN FBRE.
An exploding lamp j the clothing in
« blaze; a paragraph in the paper tell-
ing of horrible suffering from burns.
Tragedy in this form moves a man to
tears. But for - - -J*
women who are Jslsra^
s o m ed by the
of disease there is
with its fierce la j&Sllif gi/
nervous system al- /iV^tfTOmil^KrfN
most shattered by M;P*^|I|Jj^V J
are only part of Atg$£SwfflaU, ft
the daily agonies (//&fV^fF^mw
Dr. Pierce's Fa- tr vUv^H M" 1b.
vorite Prescription 4» VlL | lli (ft 4$
puts out the fire MV 4 %
of inflammation, VsR nJtd/SrMm
heals Klccralioii, <JK
quilizes the nerves, restores the appetite,
and gives refreshing sleep. "Favorite
Prescription" is the most reliable put-up
medicine offered as a cure for diseases
peculiar to women. // always helps.
It almost always cures.
«When I first commenced using Dr. Pierce's
medicines." writes Mrs. George A. Strong:, of
Gansevoort, Saratoga Co.. N. Y., «Iwas suffer-
ing from female weakness, a disagreeable drain.
beancg:-down pains, weak and tired feeling all
the time. I dragged around in that way for two,
years, and I began talcing your medicine. After
taking first battle I began to feel better. I took
four bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion, two of 'Golden Medical Discovery,' one
%-ial of the 'Pleasant Pellets.* also used one
bottle of Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy. .. Now I
feel like a new person. I can't thank you
enough for your kind advice and the good your
medicine has done me." .
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper . bound, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATORgrapgj
Five hundred rev.ard tor any SWSK^S
case we cannot cure. This secret ' ?*¦£* *^R
remedy etops losses In 24 hours, " „_£$
cures Emissions, Impctrncy. Vari- SB3 53l
cocele. Strictures. Gleet. Drains, ftff • [Wfl
Lc£t Manhood and all other wast- &£), lvf«
Ing effects of self-abuse or excees- «2[ EBBSg
es. 6ent sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles. HKB?TT n iiii l 'H
$6; (guaranteed to cure any case. -Address
HALV8 MEDICAL, INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. . Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1C73H
Market et., 6. F. All private disease* quickly
-•¦r#d. Send for free book.
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS. , ,r
& KIM V GIfiliSIn response to the above Mr. M. F. Michael, attorney of the Employers' Association, notified "Air. Livingston Jenks.
chairman of the Industrial Conciliation Council of the Municipal League, that the executive committee of the. Employers'
Association declined to consider the subjoined letter and simply refers back to their letter of August 2, as per copy of
letter attached: ¦ ¦ : . • . ' . .
THE MUNICIPAL LEAGUE OF SAN FRANCISCO.
... . ¦ ¦ ¦ , • -, SAN. FRANCISCO, Cal, Aug. 14, 1901.
Resolved, That the Industrial Conciliatory Council of the Municipal League has considered the subjoined letter and
earnestly recommend its consideration by the members of the Employers' Associatiop,' with a view ot ending this indus
trial strife and restoring the business activity of the community. NAPH. B. GREENSFELDER ' President.
LIVINGSTON JENKS, Chairman.
JOS. S. JORDAN, Secretary.
THE Industrial Conciliatory Council of the Municipal League made public yesterday a statement which in
cludes a basis of settlement submitted by the strike leaders, a resolution passed- by the' committee urging
the acceptance of those terms upon the Employers' Association, and a brief communication to the public
recording the failure of this attempt at conciliation. The executive committee of the Employers' Asso
ciation informed the Municipal League committee that it would not consider the terms of peace submitted, .and
referred back to its letter of August 2, the original statement of the employers of the basis of settlement to which
they were willing to agree. The -Municipal League committee also laid Mr. Furuseth's communication before
George Reriner, manager of the Draymen's Association, in the afternoon, but he also refused to consider it' or to
make a formal reply. The statement issued by the Municipal League committee is as follows: '
• ; : :'¦¦¦ . . SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 11, 1901.
NAPH. B. GREENSFELDER, CITY— DEAR SIR: As per your request, I hereby submit to you the basis upon
which industrial activity can be restored: . - - . . • .....
First— The Employers 1 Association agrees that its members will not discriminate against any employer of labor be
cause he employs union men only. -i • . •'. - - ,. ti'- • ¦ > . • ' ' ¦ ' \'\ ' ••
Second— The Employers' Association agrees that its members will 1 not discriminate against any workman because he
Is a member of a labor union. . • . > ... . '. ,v - \ . .
Third — The Employers' Association agrees to recommend that those, who were locked out or who quit work as union
men shall be reinstated as such. (Where the association has no jurisdiction this does, .of course, riot apply.)
Fourth— Labor organizations agree that any member thereof shall while in the employ of any person, firm or corpor
ation obey all orders given to him regarding work. to be performed, and that any member violating this shall be discip
lined by the organization of which he is a member, and that he shall be discharged from the service of such person, firm
or corporation. • „ , , : " ' ' . • •¦.... •. . . ¦ . . - # . . ¦. ,
Fifth— It is mutually agreed that when any difficulty arises, or is' about to arise, there shall ! be. no strike or lockout
until the parties in interest shall have done everything in their power to arrive at . some amicable arrangement of such
difficulty. ' ' ':'-¦'
This being accepted as a basis, any subsidiary question's or difficulties will beeasily arranged. . Hoping, that this
will prove satisfactory to the gentlemen of. whom you spoke and that industrial activity, may be speedily restored, I re
main, very respectfully, by order of the Executive Committee,. .a. FURUSETH, Chairman.
STRIKE LEADERS MODIFIED TERMS
OF PEACE REJECTED BY EMPLOYERS
Three Men Beaten.
Henry Andrews, residing at 1015 Lom
bard street, was treated at the Harbor
Emergency Hospital late, last night for
a broken nose and numerous bruises on
the face' and head. Andrews, who is a
union man, claims that he was assaulted
at. East and Howard streets by non-union
men. .
Frank James, a non-union longshore
man of 137 Howard street, was brought
to the Emergency Hospital 'from Jackson
and East streets last night, where a long
gash on his hand was sewed up. He
claimed that he had been attacked by two
strikers, one of whom held him while the
other slashed' him with a small knife.' /
B. C. Kimel, a longshoreman, while on
his' way to work at the Pacific Mail dock
yesterday "morning at 5 o'clock, was set
upon by a gang of strikers at Fourth and
Townsehd streets and badly beaten about
the head and face. After getting away
from the strikers he made his way to
the Emergency Hospital, where his
wounds were dressed by Dr. Bauer.-
Many of the retailers, however state
that there is a scarcity of coal here and
that the fear of a famine is well founded.
The wholesale coal dealers deny that
there is any need to fear a coal famine.
They claim. that there is plenty of coal
in the harbor and assert that they have
not yet been compelled to cut the orders
cf the retailers. They | admit having
stopped supplying Wellington coal, but
claim that such action was necessary in
order to prevent a -failure in complying
with Government contracts.
Progreso. 3000 tons; Czarina, 1100; Bris
tol, 2GO0; Lev! G. s Burgess, 2450; Carn
bronne, 2477; MacMahon, 3007; Tellus 1500;
Dunfermline. 4160; South Portland, DoO'
Wellington. 2350; Australian, 3370; Spartan.
2200; Milton, 4644.
The work of unloading the colliers in
the harbor is being accomplished under
great difficulties. Two full gangs of men
are working on the Tellus. but the best
they can do is to take out 250 tons a day.
They have been at work on the Tellus for
eight days and she is still far < from dis
charged. There are three colliers dis
charging at the Oakland long wharf and
two are discharging into barges In the
stream. The vessels in the harbor loaded
with coal," with the number of tons they
have in their holds, are as follows:
Is Available.
Flenty of Coal in Harbor, but Little
COLLIERS UNLOAD SLOWLY.
Since July 1, 616 permits to carry wea
pons have been granted and 276 special
police officers have been appointed.
Chief. Sullivan, in reply to Mahoney,
stated that the men who asked to be al
lowed to carry arms were employed in the
neighborhood where trouble was immi
nent, and that the special officers were
appointed so that he could relieve the
regular officers from the duty of protect
ing non-union teamsters and restore them
to their beats throughout the city.
The motion to grant the requests of the
employes of the steamship /companies,
McNab & Smith and the detective agency
was carried, Commissioner Mahoney alone
voting no.
ONE HUNDRED AND THIRTY
SEVEN people were granted per
mission to carry concealed wea
pons last night by the Police
Commissioners and 246 special po
licemen were appointed to take
the places of the regular officers who
have been detailed for duty with drivers
of teams. Sixty of the specials were ap
pointed at the reauest of-,McNab &
Smith, draymen, and 186 were appointed
at the request of John Curtin of Curtln's
Detective Agency. Most ot those granted
permits to carry weapons are employes
of the various steamship companies, and
will perform the duties of watchmen.
The only opposition to the granting of
the permits and the appointment of the
specials was made by Commissioner Ma
honey, who delivered a short spe.ech in
which he said that he could not see the
necessity for such action on the part of
the Commissioners, as he knew of no
deeds of violence committed which re
quired a force of armed men to prevent.
The committee expects to receive a re
ply, to its communication to-day. Chair
man Salfieid stated that he was Informed
the Employers' Association would appoint
the desired committee. Should that body
decline to take' the desired step the com
mittee will meet, the City Front Federa
tion", and arrange" other plans, one of
which it is hoped will meet with ap
proval.
San -.Francisco. August 14, 1901,
We respectfully ask that your association ap
point a committee of eight from among Its
members, for the purpose of meeting a com
mittee of like number from the Federation of
Labor and the above-mentioned committee from
our organization, and that you advise us at
the earliest possible moment of your decision
in the matter, together with the names of the
persons appointed to represent your association.
Respectfully submitted,
THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE . OF THE
COMMITTEE OF ONE HUNDRED.
CD. SAL.FIEL.D, Chairman.
EMANUEL. A. LORENZO. Secretary.
Pursuant to this resolution the chair ap
pointed the following committee: Hon. H. V.
Morehouse, Nathan Bibo. W. J. Kenney. H. N.
Miller, Charles Alpers, Joseph Rothschild and
William H. Barnes.
Employers' Association of San Francisco,
Mills Building— Gentlemen: At a meeting of
the executive committee of the Committee of
One Hundred of the Municipal Federation of
Improvement Cluba of this city, held at the
office of H. V. Morehouse. a motion was unani
mously adopted that a committee of eight be
appointed by the chairman of said executive
committee, and that a like committee of eight
be requested to be appointed by the Employers'
Association, and that a like committee of eight
be requested to be appointed by the Federation
of Labor, making a committee of twenty-four
members, for the purpose of considering all
questions having- reference to the immediate
or early settlement or adjustment of the strikes
and lockouts now existing In this city.
After some further discussion the fol
lowing letter was ordered to be sent to
the Kmployers' Association:
"The association has given its ulti
matum," resumed Mr. Furuseth, "and the
strikers have given theirs. Now what
shall be done?"
At this juncture Andrew Furuseth, sec
retary of the Sailors' Union; L. J. Barry
of the Coalhandlers' ¦ Association, J. C.
Williams of the Longshore Lumbermen
and A. M. Cunningham of the same body
appeared on the scene. Mr. Furuseth was
informed of the proposition under discus
sion, and he gave his approval to the plan.
He said the strikers were desirous of
bringing the strike to an end. The City
Front Federation had done all In Its
power to placate the Employers' Associa
tion, but that body had persistently re
fused to treat with the strikers.
The proposition was advanced to' ap
point a committee of eight to treat with
a like committee of the Employers' Asso
ciation and another to be appointed by
the Federation of Labor. It was believed
that these committees could arrange mat
ters to the satisfaction of all concerned
and terminate the strike.
In calling the meeting to order Chair
man Salfieid said that it was highly im
portant that a solution of the labor ques
tion in this city be found without delay.
The strike was sapping the vitality of the
community and the public was desirous
of seeing the controversy close with honor
to both parties.
THE executive committee of the
committee of one hundred of the
Municipal Federation of Improve
ment Clubs has sent an appeal to
the Employers' Association which,
the members of the committee say, will
speedily end the strike if the gentlemen
composing that body will consent to ap
point a committee of eight to meet like
committees of the Municipal League and
Federation of Labor.
At the meeting of the executive commit
tee at 508 Montgomery street yesterday
afternoon there were present C. D. Sal
field, chairman; W. J. Kenney, as president
of the Cycle Board of Trade; N. B.
Greensfelder, president of the Municipal
League; H. N. Miller, H. V. Mo rehouse,
Nathan BIbo, William H. Barnes, M. R.
Robert, Joseph Rothschild, Charles Al
pers and Secretary Emanuel A. Lorenzo.
At the meeting of _Ta"nners' Union 9018
held, last night at.7 M acrmerbund Hall,
Twenty-fourth street and Potrero avenue,
the action of the . twenty-five > men who
quit work last week rather than handle
leather hauled by non-union teamsters
was discussed at length, but no, action
was taken. The men have all returned to
work, and it was thought best to let the
matter rest. -»
Tann»rs Will Not Strike.
It is asserted by those who are familiar
with the Governor's attitude toward the
controversy that he will not take up the
role of mediator, and that the letter from
the labor leaders was 6ent at the request
of San Francisco merchants who are urg
ing settlement of the strike. . -
Andrew Furuseth of the City Front
Federation and Edward Rosenberg, secre
tary of the Labor Council, refuse to dis
cuss the statement sent to the Governor.
A statement of their side of the labor
controversy has been sent to Governor
Gage by the strike leaders. President
Goff of the Labor Council says it was sent
several days ago, but whether at the Gov
ernor's request or not he does not know.
STRIKERS ADDRESS GOVERNOR.
After enumerating the acts which the
council deems sufficient ground for Mr.
Newhall's retirement from office the de
mand is again made that he be removed.
Alluding to the police on wagons, the
council adds that the labor representa
tives were by that act deprived of the pro
tection guaranteed them by the law. Their
complaints were unheard, and, as far as
the strikers were concerned, "they might
as well bring an action against the devil
and hold court in h ."
It is also charged that Mr. Newhall is
responsible for the troubles that grew out
of the strike by his act in sending out
wagons under police protection, notwith
standing the city and strikers were peace
ful, and that the necessity for his act did
not exist. The letter goes on to say that
the enemies of labor, inspired by his ex
ample, are sending out men who commit
acts of violence for no other purpose than
to discredit the cause of the strikers.
Mr. Newhall's letter also comes in for
some bitter criticism. It Is declared to
be a tissue of falsehoods and puerile be
yond conception. The letter asserts that
"if Mr. Newhall had the instinct of a
gentleman he would not have put the
Mayor to the task of defending him
against public opinion."
The Mayor's statement that Mr. New
hall had no prejudice or bias against the
workingmen of San Francisco Is declared
by the council to be an evasion of the
question. Th* Mayor Is requested to rise
above petty trivialities, and to remember
that the workingmen of this city are not
children to be fooled by even so exalted
a personage as the Mayor. The statement
is made that "the people are the govern
ment and that they will not permit the
government to be used against their In
terests"; that "the government must not
be turned Into a government of a clique,
against the people and for the employ
ers."
The San Francisco Labor Council, at its
meeting last night, prepared and for
warded an open letter to Mayor Phelan
relative to the demand of the labor or
ganizations for the removal of Police
Commissioner Newhall. The statements
in the letter are a sharp criticism of Mr.
Newhall's official actions during the strike
and the demand for his immediate re
moval is reiterated. The Mayor is ac
cused of insincerity of purpose when he
sent out his reply to the original letter
demanding Mr. Newhall's removal from
office. It Is claimed that he does not per
form his whole duty without fear or
favor.
Police Commissioner's Removal.
Labor Council Reiterates Demand for
insists on newhail'S head.
"I emphatically deny," Stewart Menzies
said, "that any such offer was made. I
sent one of my clerks a day or so ago
to members of the City Front Federation
and asked them for permission to have
my vessels loaded at Port Costa. The per
mission was refused me and my clerk then
asked if a monetary consideration wa.-j
necessary to secure it. That is all I have
to say about the matter other than to re
port that there is no truth in it."
"Young Menzies made a direct offer of
$10,000 for the privilege desired." Andrew
Furuseth said : last night. "The story Is
absolutely true, and that is all I care
to say about it for publication."
The merchants saw the hopelessness of
further appeal, and returned to their in
sistance that Menzies & Co. redouble
t .ieir efforts to load the vessels. The re
sult was the interview concerning which
there are two versions.
The labor leaders refused to grant the
request, and explained that the purpose
of a sympathetic strike was to make al
lied industries suffer so that pressure
would be brought to bear upon the em
ployers that would force them to con
cede the demands of the employes.
Fruitless Conferences.
The most prominent grain merchants
took the subject up last week and sought
in vain to get permission for union steve
dores to work at Port Costa, They held
several meetings, at which the firms of
George W. McNear, Balfour, Guthrie &
Co., Eppinger & Co. and Gin-in & Eyre
were represented. They arranged confer
ences with the labor leaders— members of
the executive committees of the City
Front Federation and the San Francisco
Labor Council— and tried to get the strike
order revoked in so far as it applied to
grain loading at Port Costa. They argued
that the farmers of the State were suffer
ing unjustly, and that the differences be
tween the San Francisco jobbers and the
unions were not approaching any nearer
settlement in consequence of the gorging
of the warehouses and the threatened
losses to the farmers of the State.
The grain merchants have been urging
upon Menzies & Co. that they get men to
work and put the grain thai has gorged
the warehouses into the holds of their
vessels, In accordance ¦with the contracts
which they hold. This firm of contracting
stevedores lead practically all of the grain
at Port Costa. Since the City Front Fed
eration issued its general strike order the
firm has been powerless to move. It has
been forced to witness the gorging of the
warehouses until shippers in the interior
have been notified not to send consign
ments until relief from the tie-up is se
cured. Grain Is accumulating in interior
warehouses, on wharves along the water
ways of the great grain raising valleys,
and countless sacks of it are being left
piled in the fields since the natural chan
nels for its transportation are choked.
Merchants TJrge Stevedores.
Mr. Furuseth said last night that Men
zies' offer was made by the stevedore's
son in person, and that it was a direct
offer of $10,000 for the concession he
sought.
Stewart Menzies denies emphatically
that such offer was made by him or for
him. He says that a clerk from his office
was sent to ask if there were any pros
pect of the strike order being recalled so
tar as Port Costa was concerned, and
that this clerk asked if a monetary con
sideration would have any influence in se
curing such recall.
The interview was reported to the ex
ecutive committee, according to Mr. Fu
ruseth's version of it, and the labor lead
ers looked upon the alleged offer as a
sort of bribe to swerve them from their
fidelity to the principle involved in the
use of the sympathetic strike to enforce
labor's demands. Much indignation was
felt and the offer was the subject of much
excited conversation at the labor head
quarters.
made a proposition to the City
Front Federation that permission be
granted union stevedores to accept work
from his firm at loading grain ships at
Port Costa in order that the firm might
carry out Its contracts with the grain
merchants and shipowners. In return for
the special privilege which he sought Men
zies offered the City Front Federation
$10,000 outright. The executive committee
of the federation had the proposition sub
mitted to it yesterday evening, Furuseth
states, and it promptly rejected the offer
of the contracting stevedore.
ANDREW FURUSETH, chairman
of the executive committee of the
City Front Federation, alleges
that Stewart Menzies yesterday
THEr SAN FRANCISCO CALL;' THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1901. ¦.
Assertion Made That Stewart Menzies Was Willing to Pay $10,000 if Union Men Be
Permitted to Load Grain at Port Costa— Stevedore Denies Story. .
CITY FRONT FEDERATION SCORNS SUGGESTION
OF MONEY PAYMENT FOR SPECIAL PRIVILEGE
"SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 2. 1901.— James D. Phelan. City Hall, San Francisco— Dear Sir: Your communication of
August 1, 1901, with reference to the present differences between the members'of the Draymen's Association and the mem
bers of the Brotherhood of Teamsters has been submitted by me to the executive committee of the Employers' Asso
ciation. In pursuance of your request for a reply, the Employers' Association instructs me to express its attitude con
cisely as follows: #
"The Employers' Association is willing to t recommend to the members of the Draymen's Association that they fill
all present and future vacant positions in their service by such persons as may apply for work,' irrespective of whether
the applicant belongs to a union or not, ; upon. the following terms:
"First— That the employe will obey all lawful orders of his employer. '
"Second — That the employe will not, directly 'or indirectly, attempt to compel a fellow-employe against his free
•will to join a labor union, nor to compel his employer to employ none but union men.
"Third— That the employe will not, directly or indirectly, engage in or support any sympathetic strike or boycott.
"I am instructed to define the attitude' of the Employers' 'Association with regard to unionism as follows:
"First — The association recognizes the' right of labor to organize to ameliorate its' condition.
"Second— The association has not, in the, matter of employment, discriminated In favor of or against union men and
has no intention of doing so: .
"Third— With, regard to the adjustment of differences between employer and employe, this association has made it
clear In its previous correspondence with you- that the settlement of all such differences must be left to the employer
and his own employes", without interference . from the officers or members of any, labor organization.
"Fourth— It has been the practice of this organization not to discriminate against any employer of labor solely
because he has in his employ none but union men, and it is not the intention of this association to depart from that
practice. Tours truly. . • • M. F. MICHAEL."
5
I Always in the Lead! 1
I Union Pacific Railroad I
j "THE OVERLAND ROUTE."
I Louisville and Return.. .$77.50 I
j| Tickets sold Aug. 20th and 21st. |
n Cleveland and Return.. .$52.50 |
i Tickets sold Sept. Sth and 6th. j
H Buffalo and Return..... .$87.00 |i
g Tickets sold Aug. 226 and 23d, B
a Sept. 5th and 6th, and Oct. 3d m
E and 4th. ... H
§ Three Through Trains Daily. 1
1 Time of the UNION PACIFIC I
H from San Francisco to CHI- H
a CAGO Less Than Three Days jg
3 Without Change. raj
I DAILYTOURIST CAR SERVICE I
| PERSONALLY CONDUCT- |
B ED Tourist Excursions Every H
i WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY. |
I D. W. HITCHCOCK, I
S General Agent, U. P. R. R. Co., H
|8 No. I Montgomery St., San Francisco. H
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RASLROAEL
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing April 2S. 1901.
FROM SAN FRAXCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45 *1:43. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 'and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:43. *l:30. 2:30. *3:43. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •r>:25, 6:27, 7:47, 8:35, 10:11
a. m.. *12:25. 1:13. 2:20, »3:33, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:13. *8:0O. 9:45. *ll:00 a. m., 12
m.. 1:00. 2:13, *3:30, 4:30, »3:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:13
p. m. • ¦
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.; 12:33. 1:48. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05, 11:10 a. m., 12:15
1:20 2:30. 3:43. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
fions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10 a, m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. '
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily • Dally Dally
tv San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7;18 p
•' Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalla... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p S:!0p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago '• 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
*9:00 a. m. train i3 the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sl?eplngr Cars and Dlnlni;
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car rum
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
', flrst-elass passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 3:55 p. m. Tuesday antl
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
dally. , -i ¦ ¦ ¦
8:00 p. m.'-is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace* Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisio; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
laml. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Tls S»m»lit« Ferry— Fort of MtrkM 8t
M>v> •*!» mAM. ansjtvt sjah rats.
**>££• WEEK DAYS Sf-55>E
8:00 a.m.) f 12:15 p. m.
9.-00 A. M. 1:15 P.M.
10:00 a. m. I ¦ gmmin J 8:30 p. m.
11:30 a. M. I BUITOATB 4 i£Qr.tt.
150 P. M. '. 5jO?.H,
230 p. M.J I 7:10 r.M.
Fsro. Ssa Pnaslass H SowmH sad tetiri, tl.M
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sansali to Ferry.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS. '
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
- Dining Car, Meals a la Cartn.
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. Agt.. 633 Market st.
y r ""|v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEAUNY ST. Established
KrWTTlmk'" 1834 {or th e treatmrnt of Prlvnte
E-B I kflB r>ispases, I.ost Mantiood. Debility or
Mj|BW»MJMft d l.spagp wearlngon body and mind and
•jjM8KK3S Skln Diseases. The Doctorcures'when
»^»S!s2»5HW otnprs fa"- Trv nim - Charges low.
i^ESS&NiiBlil'ureacuni'sinlrrd. Cull or writ*
l»r. JT. JF. OIBBOX. Sail Francisco. CaL _
MONTERREY NUMBERS.
"CAPlfATPRiZES"
Monterrey Lottery Co.
MONTERREY, MEXICO,
AUaUST ; 13, 19O1.
No. 16205 : if?a :S« #0,000
Sold in Monterrey, Mex.
No. 31873 .¦§»=¦$«. $10,000
.Sold in Monterrey, Mex. '
No. 719 'fe5K ; $5,000
Sold in Athens, Texas; Jicaltepec,
Nos. 24356, 33400 and 61668
draw each $1,000.
Sold in St. Louis, Mo., Cincinnati,
Ohio, and Havana, Cuba. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tritlaa I»m*« 11ml nrw tin* i<» nrrlv* »•*
MAN ritARVIMVO.
(Main Line. Foot o( Market Street)
•
UiTi — . From Jitlt II. 1901. — arkitv
1
":00a Bentd*, Snisnu. Elmira »ad 8*cra-
niento «-*3p
~:OOa Vacvrille. V . t-:»j. Runisej *dSr
IiSoa Man.ii,e*,.->i»u liaiiiou, Vullsju. N»i>».
l!altsb:g»»mlttiM]Uk Rom «tS3p
8:00a Daris, Woodland, Kufgnta Lan&iue,
Marysfille, unuiiio.. 7i5-1f
S:OO.t A'Uutw Kxpreu-Ogden and K**t 13'X"».
HsOWa N'Ues. Lathrop, Stockton ZCt-tr
»i"».« MUea. Mondota. Hanford. VinlU.
PorttrrtUe 4:33»
»:3I#A SbaaU KxvrrM— Davb, Williams (lor
Bartlett Srrlnes), Willows, Had
Bluff, FortivuL. TiBSr
• i!ta« San .lose. Litermore, Ktoektoii.
lone. hW*meut». I'UcmiU«.
&l»rjsTlllr. Ohioo. 1ta<t lilulT 4tS3r
SitOA Oakdalr, Chintsa (Yccemke). 3&- ,
norm Garters 4:2-lp
*:OOa Hajward. Niln and Tar Siatioai.. - • I :¦"».> \
0t«VAV*Utjo l»:33r
WtUU a Los Angeles Express — MuUhm,
Traoj, Lattirop, .Stockton. Mtrctci
Krsaiio and Los Angulea 7>33?
9:80a V»Hf]<>. Msrliiiftz and Way Station* ?i<13r
IU:U»a The OTerlaud Limited— Osden. Dea-
fer, Omaha, Chicago Ci-ISr -
tliOOr Sacramento lilrar Mlemners...- 13iO»a
S:3Ur Hajwar<l. NIVs »nd Way Buttons.. 7:33r
#io»r ISnultfa. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, KuisbU Lauding.
M»rys7ille. Orofllla 10:5.1a
4<OOp Martlnex. Man lUlnoii. Tallejo.
Napa. CuIUtuKK. .Smita Iton* wr3.1t
4UOOr mien. LiTermore, Stockton. Lodi... is>»3r
4i!I<>p Hayward, Mies, H»n. lone, Livtrmoro t?*' A *Vi
4:30r Port Cot », Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1»>23a
SittVrTha Owl Limited— If tamo, Tulare,
BakeranelJ. Haugns (or S»nta> Bar-
bara. Los Augeles S>33*
StttOr Martin* z. Anticcn, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 13:23p
SiO»p Tosemlta lai*3j»
•i30r New Uilaana Express— Mondota,
Fresno. BakeraCeid. Los Angsles.
Iteming. El Paso. New Orleans
and East 7iA9a
• :OOp Hay ward, Kiles and Sau Joso 7i3."» 4
fSiOtlp Vallejo I Ii23«
• lOttr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cbejenna.
Omaha. Chicago 12:25 c
•t**r Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver.
86. Louii, Cbio*go. 4tSSr
?i«Or Oregon and California, Kxiirvn.Hse*
iHiiieutn, Marigfllle, ltmMitir,
l>urtl*ml. rrnjet Hnm.tt and Kui SiSSa
MJr8.n Pablo. V»it Costa. Kartines
and Way Stetions 1 lisa*
t8»03r Tallrjo 7lSA»
COAST LINE (Narrow Hinge).
(Foot ot Mwrket Strant.)
i"7t43A Santa Crnx Excursion to dan to Cnu ~
and Principal Way Stations {SiOSy
III*") a Nptf ark. Ontertllle.Mau. Jobs, Ffltoi»,
BonlderCreek.Sauta Crux and Way
8UUu»s S.3t»»
t*il»r Newark C'entervUle, Ban Jose. New
Almailmi, Falton, Moulder Ureek.
BanU Cruz and Frlnelpal Yl'aj
Stations l«iftfU
4tl>1p Newark, Han Jnae, LosGatoa t*:*o»
«4il3p G lenwood. Boulder Creek. Ban t»Cra» «S»3Oa,
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fm Sii mjcisco— r«n of n«k»t StiMt (su? d—
17:15 9:00 11:00*. u. 1.09 3:00 8:18r.M.
fum 0 Hill 8— f"» •tBf»id«if.— 1«:00 t8-00 t3:0»
10:00a.m. 12:03 3:83 1:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Hrnul (Jniige).
(Third »nd Tonnseml Sta.)
6sIOa San Jo»e and Way Stations.......... «t:t»*
t7:*OA San Jusa ami Way Stations li»»r
/7i«oa New Almadeii / «>1O>
{7iBwa Sunday Excursion for San Jcsa,
Santa Cruz. Ptdfio Grots and
Principal Way Stations ISiSOy
•iwvAHan Jose. HoUIster. HmiU Crux.
Paclile drove. Salinas. San Lnls
Ob!sp«, Banta Barbara and Prin-
cipal Intermediate Sutinm - 7>Sf>y
IOiSOa San Jcse and Way Stations^ 6:30»
11:30a Hau Joss ami WayHUtinus •>•»«•>
t2i *5» 8au Mateo, Kadwood. l£?nlo Park.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. Han Jose.
Hol'ister, Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey and PaclOo OroTit |I0i49a
SiSOr San Jnae. Tres Finos. Santa Cruz.
Factfio Grors and Way Stallona *iH>l>
«4l1Br San Joseand Principal Way Stations tti-a3*
iOtCOrSan Jose, Los Oaten and Principal
Way 8tattoos.. 1»»OO»
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stallone SiSHa
littr Bedwood. Han Jcsa. Gllroy. Sallnaa.
Santa Barbara. Lou Angeles IO:O."»»
«:X«r San Jose and Way statious t M:n< >*
•lli4Sr San Jcarand Way StatloT 7»30y
A for Morning. P for A f tenioon.
I Snndsy eioeiited. J Sunday only.
• Saturday only. I Mondij.
< Saturday an I Snnday . ; / Tuesdays and Frldauv
t
CALffORHIi KORTHMSTEBI RT. COL
LESSEE
SAM FRANCISCO AMD NORTH PAGIF1S
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburcn Ferry. Foot ot Market SV
Snn Francisco to San Kaiusl. «
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:C0. "11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:CO a. m.: 1:30. 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
ban Raiasl 'to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-S:10. 7:30. 9:M. 11:10 a. m.: 12:4J,
'3M0. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:35
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. "
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Aprll 23. 1901.1 San Franclaco.
Week I Sun- | . I Sun- I Weelc
Days. I days. | Destination.! days. | Days. .
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. W:2S am
5:00 pm Healdsburg:. 10:40 am
• • Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:*0 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm «-3> P m
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:C0 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 8:20 pm.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami |10:40 am|10:I3 am
3:30 pml 5:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. .Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley*s. BucknelVs.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag*. West-
port; ¦ ITsal. Wlllits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. ;
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ' rates.
' On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ,
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chrontcla
Building.
K. a WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. » Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦ t TtATT,WAY TRAVEL. '-.-.-.-, -r
I TKefinfest-scenery I
BraSS You don't go east EVERY day. £?& s m
glggl When you do go, go comfortably S^^ i
||§g| — via Denver and the Burlington §M? B
|||f| The time is ALMOST as fast as %, *_x_jl
jjjSS&l the fastest and the service and seen- *%£ -s^r ¦_^-^*H
gjgggg ery are better than the best. /*nGBI fr'TT^rl
KttflS Thro ' standard sleepers, San Francisco to Chicago fd rj|| fflf gffi&M
HQSL^B | I daily. Thro' tourist sleepers Tuesdays RK«3 S3 mH<B
EaSfcSEi -¦ and Thursdays— Omaha. Chicago, Kansas rKrtSi %A §HiSS
BftSHI inWiffiffiffil City, St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east. jJljEJ f\] KB 1 9
Wfo I IflfiHmilJ Tickets and berths at 631 Market St. £j lg|8 llj 53} D
H^\| I IBaaliii W.D. SANBORN. General A-^t. uW\ f*\ IH HH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUR BEST GIRL
Can tell you when your laundry is right.
She will notice If it is not done up well
quicker than you are likely to. If you
want to raake your best appearance - al-
ways before your best girl you should
have your work done at the United States
Laundry, because here everything Is done
carefully, and your shirts, collars and
cuffs are always right. Send your ad-
dress on a postal; the wagon will call. ,
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Offlco 1OO4. Market Street
Telephone— South 4-2O. >
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
LEADrJG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
'• "24 Post ot.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Tear.
,Write for SO-page catalogue (free). :
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN HESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,
• .Snn Francinco, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr.. also Vassar, Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens August 12. 1901.
SARAH D. HAMLTN. Principal.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 Mnrket «treet..
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Gregg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE. $60.
SL MARY'S COLLEGE,
OAKLAND,; CAL.
Studies will be resumed MONDAY. August
5. 190L BRO. ERMINOLD. President.
THE LYCEUM,
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building. .
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
Xmas I Term Will Commence August It
Major Geo. C. Collins Commandant.
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
I — : ¦ :
IRVING INSTITUTE.
' Boarding and day school for girls, 2121 Call-
rornla st. Accredited to the universities. - The
next session will begin Aug. 5. -For. Illustrated
catalogue address the principal. ¦
REV. EDWARD • B. CHURCH. A. M.
ST. MATTHEW'S MILITARY SCHOOL, '
SAN MATEO,'. CAL. The next term will begin
August 16, IDOL For catalogue and Illustrated
circular address Rev. WILLIAM A. BREWER.
A. B.. Rector and Head Master. - ,
ADVESTISEIIEIHS.
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonpue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEKITO CO.
To raise money to build a. large furnace on
this inine we Trtll sell treasury stock for 5Oc
per share ur.tll further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. dock Is all sold and
iseued. and we are now producing Quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
H. R. BRADFORD. General Manager.
7 North Market St.. San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 413
Kearny St.. San Francisco.
F: DE FREITAS, Agent.
Delightful Surroundings and ffi[TTCD
Excellent Accommodations at If 1 1 I L K
MEDICAL SPRINGS
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
Certain cure lor Stomach, Ll\-er. Kidney.
Bladder, Skin and Blood Diseases.
Recommended by Leading Physicians. Thou-
sands Cured.
Tickets, California and Northwestern Rail-
road. Stage from Ukiah.
KODXET McCORilICK. General Manager.
rCall or address
WITTER MEDICAL, EPRIXGS COMPAXT.
Upper Lake P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
Main Office & Water Depot. 916 Market, r. 64.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
S4 Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Bod and Reel Fishing Tour-
sament. auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
F"or full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam- ¦
phlets apply to
K. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring st.. Los Anpeles. CaL
ni/Zf/t/tn H0T SPRINGS. SONOMA
¦V K U /»/r.V Co -: onl r 4 H hours from
Ufl/1(/i/U San Francisco: but 9 miles
staging; waters noted Tor
medicinal virtues; best natural bath In State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express: first-class hotel and stace
rervlce; morning and afternoon stages: .round
trip from S. F. only S5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
p.t 7:30 a. m. or 3.30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
$;2 a week. References— Any guest of the past
fix years. Further information at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St.. or of J. F. MUL-
ORETr. Skaggs. Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on the market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Staging
2hi hours first afternoon and 9 hours next day.
arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m. Send for
Illustrated folder. WM. J. . WHITE. Gen.
Agent, 630 Market *=t., opposite Palace Hotel.
S. F. : tel. Black 3371.
j OWN A HOME MEEKER
: rBuy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, 130
ur: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot, store, postoffice at camp: board
er.i loiping $6: take Saupallto ferry, t2 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H. M.
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Fates, J? and $2 50 per day; S10 to Jit per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St.. or
address EDSO:.' BROS.. Beswick. Siskiyou
County. Cal.
For rest asi health IN THE SIERRAS
near Colfax on C. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
SJCO ft. — 336 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $3.00 a week. Send for
booklet Orchard Springs. Colfax, CaL
VICHY 1 SPRINGS.
The only place in the United States where
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous. Baths TJnequaled. Three miles from •
tTkiah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietors.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Trains leave 3d and Townsend 9 a. m. and 2:4S
p. rn. daily. For pamphlets address R. ROB-
EP.TSON. Prop.
BEN LOMOND.
Park House in the Santa Cruz Mountains; 5
rn'.r.utes from station; fine scenery: fishing,
hunting, fine drives, free carriage meets all
trains. MRS. I. N. HATES.
' SOLID COMFORT BOME^ n d s ! vcl^oo ¦£
altitude. No fog: climate delightful. Large
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold batha.
F.pring water. P^ateB, $7 week up. Stage meets
train. SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa, CaL
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P. O. EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano Station
(Kirgs Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
SI per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAK-
POU. Lessee.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Most attractive place In Lake Co. to spend ,
a vacation. Boating, bathing, bowling, etc.
Accommodations for 230 people. Write for cir-
cular. Edgar Durnan, Laurel Dell, Lake Co., Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rare eport
during the deer season. Pack of hounds,
ewimming and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELET. Liagas. Cal.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STA'iE LINE.— Hopland to Barilett Springs,
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages, connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Jiooland at
32:20; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive . at
Eartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse 14-pas-
cenger tourist wagon?, made to order for this
etage line, with ail the most modern improve-
ments. Passenger* for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for ticket* by Bartlett Springs
Sta;;e Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
PLANTATION' HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
Cazadero, on Etage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
jiarties of 2 or more; grand redwood scenery.
Address J. Luttringer. Seaview, Sonoma Co.. or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front st.. for particulars.
.'THE LAUREL, Los Gatos— First-clats family
V « boarding-house; home cooking; beautiful
vurroundings: S minutes* walk to town. Terms,
If to $10 a week. Piano. References. MRS. J.
McXENZIE and MISS A. HAMILTON. Prop*.THURSDAY. .AUGUST* 15, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
ACdrtfi All CesuBsnicttions U W, 8. LEAKS, Htnigtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone PreM 204
PCDUCATIO1T OFFICB...Uarket and Third, S. K.
CD1TORIAL I1OOMS 21" <o 221 J(«Ttnion St.
Telephone Pre» 2O2.
' Delivered liy Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
' Bfnarle Copies. B Cents.
Trrmi *>T Mail. Xnclndinir Ponicurei
DAXM CAZJCt C!ndufiln« Eunfiay). cm rear............ ... .$••<»
DAILY CALXi (tochi«ln» Bunflay). « »<mth» »°*
DAILT CALX* Oncludinr Gundiy), t moathi *•*•
ZJATLT CAXI<— By SlnrJ* Month •**
¦TnciJAT CAU* On« Tear .....?......— *- M
WTEKLT CALX* Ont Tew... lM
All postmasters are authorised to recelro
»nb»crlp(Iom.
Bunpto cop!** "win be forwardtd when reonesteO.
Kill cabnrtbera !n erderla* cfcamr* of nA9r*n «hould t*
particular to «1t» botfc NEW AND OLJ> ADDRESS !n"ort«r
to team* m. tiixauyt and omieot eompltanoa wltu tnelr raqneat.
OAICLAJTD OFFICES. 11U Broadway
C GEORGB KROG5ESS.
rasagcr rerelpn AtyrtMng, XaxfMtte BnH41a«, CMetg*.
<Lcnr Distance Telephone "Central 2G9.") •
HEW TORE CORRESPONDENT*
C. C CAHX.TOIC. ...... .......... . .Herald Square
KBW TORK KEPRESENTATIVat
ITEPHE1C B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnlldlnaj
" KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJflorf'Aitoria Hotel; A. Brent&no, tl TJaloa - Bqoart;
tbany BUI BotcL . r <
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hons*; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Premoct House: Auditcrinm Hotel.
BZtAJTCH OFTTCCES— 6JT Montcrotnerr. conwr of Oar. open
ctstS t:» cTeloefc. S00 Hayes, open trntll t:M o'clock. CSS
VcAnitter. open until 9:S9 o'clock. 615 Lerkin, open until .
i:ti o'clock. ll« Mission, cptn until 10 o'clock. SCI Market.
tohw Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. ICM Valencia, open
cctll • o'clock. 106 Eleventh, epea ontJl • o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, opes until 9 o'clock.
R00 Flllmore. open until S p. m.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.-i
Sieg^rt's Genuine Imported Angostura Blttera." I
There is a lot of baby talk going on in
the world that is never intended for In
fantile ears.
Special information supplied dally to
business house* and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lu at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel %
FRECKELS— Subscriber. Stockton, Cal.
There are a great many preparations that
are recommended for the removal of
freckles, but all are of a nature that cause
the outer skin to peel off, and the use of
such ought not to be attempted except
under instructions of a competent physi
cian. "New Remedies" gives the follow
ing recipe translated from a German
medical journal. Of its efficacy this de
partment knows nothing: Sulphocarbo
late of zinc, 2 parts; glycerine, 24 parts;
rose water, 25 parts; spirits, 5 parts; dis
solve and mix. The freckled skin is to be
anointed twice a day with the prepara
tion, which is to be allowed to remain on
from half to one hour and then washed off
with cold water. Anaemic persons should
also take a mild ferruginous tonic. In the
sunlight a dark veil should be worn.
WEDDING INVITATIONS— Ignorance,
City. Invitations to a wedding are
sent out from the bride's family, no mat
ter whether they are personally acquaint
ed with the friends of the groom or not.
In case both parents are living, the Invi
tation should be In the following form:
/Mr. and Mrs. John Smith - ii
request the pleasure of your attendance '
at the marriage of their daughter to
Mr. William Brown.
Wednesday evening. August 14, 1901,
at Church, 8 o'clock.
If but one parent is living the invita
tion is in the name of that parent. If the
wedding is to be at home, substitute lo
cation of the home for the church.
SOLDIERS' RIGHTS— J. C. City. The
law which gives certain rights In the
matter of taking up a homestead to those
who have been soldiers or sailors in the
army and navy of the United States dur
ing the recent war says that such are en
titled to have deducted from the time rs
quired to perfect title the time they
served in' either branch of the service
when steps are taken for final proof. The
advantages which such soldiers or sailors
have over ordinary citizens are: The
privilege of filing a declaration with the
register or receiver, -which will hold a
tract, selected in person or by agent, for
six months without entry, residence or
cultivation, and the right -to make final
proof before the usual time of five years.
PLATS OB* LAND— S.. City. The Gov
ernment does not Issue a general map
showing what are public untaken lands,
but land officers are authorized to furalsfc,>
plats or diagrams showing what lands are
vacant and what lands are taken. The
charges allowed by law are: For plat
showing what land is public and what ia
entered. $1: one showing entries and
names of claimants, $2; one showing en
tries, names, number and character of
land. $3; one showing entries, names,
number, character and date of entry, to
gether with topography, $4. For plat or
diagram of a township or section a pro
portionate amount is charged.
A CONTRACT— C.. Monterey, Cal. If an
agent representing a. company la author
ized by the company to sign contracts,
then the company Is bound by the act of
its agent and must live. op to the terms of
a contract he may have signed on its ac
count, providing, of course, that the con
tract he signs is within the range of pow
er given him.
BUTTER MAKING— A. A., City. This
department has not been able to find any
record of the award of a first prize to
Samuel Houghdahl for butter making at
the exposition named. You may obtain
the Information possibly by writing to
newspapers In the cities where the expo
sitions were held.
TAX— M. PL P.. Nova to, Cal. Wade on
"Attachment" says that the wages of an
employe of the Government cannot be at
tached for road or poll tax. and cites a
number ot cases in support of his asser
tion.
ALCATRAZ A>TD GOAT ISLANDS—
E. T., City. Aleatraz and Goat Islands
are within the territorial boundary of the
city and county of San Francisco.
GOOI> FORM— H. R. H., Lathrop. Cal.
"What Is meant by 'good form" Is con
formity to the conventionalities and
usages of society.
IN ANSWER
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ AUGUST ] 15, 1901.
When the" car stopped he was asked
what he thought of it, and his answer
.-was a politely evasive "comment on the
greatness of the American people. Later
on, however, he admitted that he had no
complaint to make— he was out for sensa
tions and he got them.
He asked the attendant in an anxious
tone whether they went through the
agony again, and seemed relieved at the
assurance that it was all over.
And it came! Very gently at first. It al
ways does, you know. Smooth, easy sail
ing it is until you reach the top of the
semi-circle, making for the loop. Then
Minister Wu held his breath— held it
tight. In an Jnstant he was standing on
his head, dangling from a high rail up In
the air, his august head pointed earth
ward, his noble queue swinging madly
twixt earth and heaven — a curious, situa
tion for his Excellency, Wu Ting Fang!
Another instant and it was over. They
had swung around to the top of the in
cline, and Minister, Wu found his breath
again.
He settled his cap more squarely on his
head, hesitated whether to put his goggles
on or off, hid his fan. somewhere in the
voluminous folds of his gown and braced
himself for what was to come.
around and land laughing, but unhurt, at
his feet again. And he decided that what
didn't fease an ordinary American girl
ought not- to be too much for a Chinese
mandarin and Minister. So Wu climbed
in.
So Minister Wu watched Miss Heck fly
Still he watched the cars and their-'hu
man freight whirling around the big
circle, and still he did not understand
why they did not drop out. He ap
pealed to his own party. Had any of
them ever done it? .Several of them had.
Did they like it? "Immensely!" This
with enthusiastic conviction from Miss
Blanche Heck, who has the "loop" habit
pretty well developed. Wait, and she'd
show him.
At first he merely looked on and asked
questions, plenty of questions, so many
questions that the manager, who under
stood the theory as well as the practice
of the "loop," had to be brought out to
elucidate. •'
It Is just back of the Rudolf, where
Wu is Btaying. The rush of the cars, as
they make the fatal flop, is frequently
audible above the roar of the breakers
on the beach. Wu had, of course, asked
what the weird thing was, and how It
worked. He was anxious to try it. but a
little shy of going it alone. So a party
was made up and Minister Wu was
taken over to see the wheels go round,
and to go round himself, if he would.
things quite plain to him, he recklessly
risks his august person in his desire to
find out "just how it feels." With this
laudable desire he has been trying the
"Loop-the-Loop" at Connecticut avenue
and the Broadwalk.
New "York has succeeded in convicting a policeman
for taking a bribe, and it looks as if Tammany Hall
were 'really losing its grip.
"Well, er— yes. Until a young woman
gets to.be 24 or 25 her age Is always un
certain. '". That hat's; too old for you." —
Philadelphia Press. ¦ ~. .
."Well," remarked the milliner, un
guardedly, "that would be becoming, to
young ladies of a certain age."
"And you mean to say my age Is uncer
tain?" N ;,
"I rather fancy this," said Miss Thur
tiod. trying on a very girlish hat.
General Corbin has paid a visit to the Sultan of
Sulu, and with that polygamous protege of ours has
exchanged gifts. It certainly is to be hoped that the
Sultan did not part with one of his wives as excess
baggage.
WASHIHNGTON,,Aug. 14.-The follow
ing Californians have arrived: National—
J. ; "W. Young and B. H. Burch, San Fran
cisco. :V.^,i }.¦: ¦ . _ ; ¦ .. . ¦ . -. •
Californians in -Washington.
The national authorities are fearful that the naughty
dances of the Midway at the Pan-American Exposi
. tion are too demoralizing for the visiting West Point
cadets. Perhaps an exhibition of the brutality of
hazing might bt more beneficial.
A Trenton young man, love-lorn and rejected by
his sweetheart, went to her window the other day,
sang "Because I Love You/' and cut his throat. The
girl said she only wanted to discipline him, and his
only encouragement is that he may die.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— The following
Californians have arrived: San Francisco
— F. R. Deremer, at the Hoffman; G.'Hab
enrlcht, at the Grand; B. J. Pfeifer, at
the Broadway Central; B. F. Wellington,
at the Colonnade: L'. S. Brown, 1 at the
Bartholdi; P. F. Dunbar, at the Park Ave
nue; Mrs. H. Jerome, at the Imperial; G.
Hooper, at the Navarre; D. McClees, at
the Morton House. Los Angeles— M. E.
Post, at the Bartholdi. *»
Californians in New York.
As long as our spitfire southern neighbors, Ven
ezuela and Colombia, make' faces at one another we
have no protest, but they may be. sure of a sound
spanking if they try to interfere with anybody else.
They may find that Uncle Sam is worse as a censor
than as a guardian.
What Mr. Pu£dy says about a "land mortgage tax
is perfectly correct. If the realty of California is
worth a billion dollars, and a billion dollar mortgage
is put upon it, there is no more property in Califor
nia than there was before. Therefore to tax the land
at a valuation of a billion and the mortgage at a bil
lion, is to assume that the property of the State has
been doubled by mortgaging it/ Our. mortgage tax
is no benefit to the borrower, since he pays the tax
We think that our condensed statement- of his posi
tion was correct, since there is no other inference
possible than thatrealty should pay all the tax. When
the products. of labor, and machinery, manufactures,
credits and money are exempted, there are left but
two sources from which to derive taxes for the sup
port of government, franchises and real estate? ' We
observe that in the membership of the Tax Reform
Association, of which Mr. Purdy is secretary, are D.
O. Mills; Dodd.Mend & Co.; Phelps, Dodge & Co.;
J. Pierpont Morgan- & Co.; W. R. Grace & Co.;
Lord & Taylor; R. H. Macy & Co.; Stein way &
Sons; Oelrichs & Co., Bradley Martin and a large
number of the bankers and millionaire firms of New
York. , : -j--t ; -
In a letter from Mr. Purdy, which we publish, ex
ception is taken to this form of statement of his prop
osition. We took our statement of his position from
an address delivered by him to the merchants and
manufacturers of Detroit, Mich., oh the 28th of last
April. In that address he said: "Where you ha/e
once exempted from taxation any class of property
which is the product of labor, or the evidence of the
ownership of the property, you will never recede. To
extend encouragement to manufacturing industries
without showing any partiality or favoritism, without
conferring a special privilege,- you must exempt ma
chinery, merchandise, credits and money. Personal
property must always pay a tribute to the owner of
real property, and that tribute will be high where the
advantages of. doing business are great."
THE CALL recently reviewed the position taken
by Mr. Purdy of the New York Tax v Reform
Association, in favor of exemption of personalty
from taxation. We put his statement in this form:
"That personal property pays its tribute to real prop
erty, therefore realty should pay all the taxes and
personalty should be exempt."
THAT ! TRIBUTE TO REALTY.
The supporters of a comprehensive system of pro
tection should be - prepared to make on this issue a
straight fight and without compromise. .The Repub
lican party has in its platform declared for a reci
procity that is not inimical to protection, and has
defined it. ..To. that declaration every member of Con
gress who calls himself a Republican should remain
true. The people have a right to demand such fidel
ity .and should make the demand known. in no uncer
tain-term ; s '. ¦ - ; ' ¦ .' . _
While the reports may be exaggerated and to some
extent unreliable, it will not do for California and
other States; whose industries are threatened by the
treaties to ignore them. -The very fact that they are
repeated so often shows that the advocates of the
treaties have by no means given Up the contest. Such
Republicans' as favor them will of course have the
support of the free trade element in Congress and in
the country, for the free traders now perceive that if
reciprocity' of the kind contained \ in those" schemes
can be carried out it will be a comparatively easy task
to undermine the whole protective system by reci
procity methods. ' tT-\ .
The report so far as it relates to the President does
not seem to be well founded, for about the only treaty
affecting Europe that is now before the Senate is that
with France, aijd the ratification of that could hardly
have the effect of allaying any irritation that may be
felt by commercial interests in Germany, Russia and
Austria, the only countries where there has been talk
of retaliation.
One of the most notable of these reports is that
Senator Cullom will probably be chairman of the Sen
ate Committee on Foreign Relations, and as he has
declared himself in favor of the treaties that in itself
would increase the chances of ratification. The Presi
dent himself is reported to be inclined to urge the
approval of the treaties as a means of "allaying com
mercial irritation and preventing threatened European
retaliation by the mutual concessions provided for in
the treaties."
DESPITE the assurances that have been given
from time to time that the supporters in the
Senate of genuine protection are sufficiently
strong to defeat the reciprocity treaties now before
that body, it appears the matter is not one of cer
tainty. Washington correspondents of several of the
leading papers in the East announce that it is under
stood at the capital that while Babcock's scheme 'for
revising the tariff will receive little or no support, a
strong effort will be made to procure the ratification
of the treaties.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
In the Oklahoma town of Lawton the authorities
are lenient toward gambling, but have placed an ab
solute prohibition upon the use of cigarettes.' And
who will say now that even with mistakes Oklahoma
has not taken a long step toward civilization?
. W. A. Haywood, formerly Consul Gen
eral for the United States at Honolulu, Is
at the Palace. He arrived in ¦ the city
Tuesday^on the Peking.- Mr. "Haywood
now represents the Sugar Planters' As
sociation and has been to the islands on
business connected with his position. He
is now on his way to his home in the
East and will look after the interests of
his people in Washington, D. C, this win
ter.
Lieutenant Commander Fechteler has
been detached from the Mare Island Navy
Yard and ordered to the battleship Iowa
as navigator. . The ; Iowa- is Admiral
Casey's battleship. She has sailed from
Puget Sound and is expected in San Fran
cisco on Friday.
Dr. , Frizell, a prominent physician of
Bakersfleld, is a guest at the* Palace. He
arrived yesterday on a short pleasure trip.
Major W. Madocks, an English army
officer who is traveling for pleasure, is an
arrival of yesterday at the Palace.
A. L, Spitzer, County Assessor of Santa
Clara County, is registered at fhe Grand
from his home in San Jose.
J. E. Koeberle, a well-known oil man of
Bakersfield, arrived in the city yesterday
and went to the Grand.
T. I. Riordan, a prominent lumber and
mill man of Flagstaff, •Ariz*, Is at the Pal
ace for a few davs.
R. M. Conger, a wealthy New Yorker,
is among the recent arrivals at the Pal
ace.
A. K. Watts of London is at the Occi
dental.
A. J. Larson, a wealthy rancher of Lodi,
is at the Grand.
W. D. C. Knox. a traveler from London,
is at the Palace.
Thomas Derby of New Almaden is a
guest at the Palace.,
W. P. Lynch, a wealthy mine owner of
Oroville, Is at the Lick.
Rev. H. Welch, an Episcopal clergyman
of London, is at the Lick.
Mrs. H. Morgan Hill has returned from
Paris and is at the Palace.
M. McWhorter, the Bakersfleld capital
ist, is a guest at the Grand.
J. M. Gregg, a rancher of Red Bluff, is
staying at the Grand for a few days.
Raleigh Barcar, the Vacaville journalist,
is among the late arrivals at the Lick.
J. C. Breckinridge, U. S. A., is at the
Occidental en route to the Philippines.
Andrew Johnson, proprietor of the Mark
West Springs, is registered at the Lick.
Our policy toward our southern neighbors is not
like that of Napoleon toward Germany. We do not
desire to see that continent always divided into small
nations, with small politics, the energies of the peo
ple destroyed by division. We do not desire it for
reasons that inhere in the present disturbed situation.
In the multitude of small nations there is always ma
terial for the peril of European intervention which ex
ists now. One strong continental power would do
away with this disquieting risk. We owe it to our
selves to discourage European intervention by deny
ing the only reward of such intervention, the seizure
of territory. It is the American duty. to prepare for
this emergency by making ready to support the Mon
roe doctrine with every ship, gun and man we can
muster. ¦•*>.l*;.' v -.
The situation is more grave than is understood by
the people of this country. It is so grave, in fact,
that cur Government is justified in keeping the navy
en a war footing and looking well to its powder. The
situation south of us is full of interest and full of
danger. It is also full of great possibilities. Seventy
millions of people are there divided among many
Governments, none of them strong. We would re
gard with complacency an upheaval resulting in one
ftrong. continental government, the United States of
South America.
It is easily conceivable that European interests may
plead for Old World intervention in some form. The
United States cannot prevent a declaration of war by
any European power against any South American na
tion. Nor can we prevent any South American na
tion asking armed intervention of any European
nation. What we can prevent is the transfer of ter
ritory, as the spoil of war or otherwise, by any
American nation to any European power. Such trans
fer would be a distinct violation of the Monroe doc
trine and an act unfriendly to this republic.
WAR is actually on between Venezuela and
Colombia. The aims of each party to the
controversy are such that all South America
may become involved in the struggle. Since Bolivar's
time there has not been such material for a general
conflagration.
TESTING THE MONROE DOCTRINE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
MINISTER WU is notoriously of
an investigating turn of mind,
says the Atlantic City corre
spondent of the Philadelphia
North American. When mere
words will suffice he asks questions.
There are many to bear -witness that he
asks questions.
When It is a matter of sensations and
only personal experience will make
It is a foregone conclusion that in the end we shall
have to undertake the work, and its beginning can
not be much longer postponed. Our forests are vast,
but not so vast but what waste and fire can destroy
them. The alternative is a plain one — either we are
to have forest protection or a barren land. . :
How many more lessons of that kind will the peo
ple of California have to receive before they learn
wisdom from the successive losses? The cost which
the maintenance of an effective system of forest pro
tection would entail would be much less than the
annual loss from fires, and therefore there would be'
a saving to the people in that way without counting
other benefits which would result from forest con
servation.
A day later came this dispatch from Chico: "The
forest fires which have been raging in the mountains
about fourteen miles east of Chico for the past four
days last night reached proportions that alarm the
entire populace from the west • branch of Feather
River to Butte Creek.'' The report* went on to give an
account of residences and farm buildings destroyed by
the flames, and closed by 'saying: "The fire is sweep
ing westward, and it is feared many more homes. will
be destroyed within a few hours. The loss will run
up into the thousands."
During the present week two stories of far-reaching
forest fires have been reported. A dispatch of the
12th. inst. from Redding announced: "One of the
fiercest and most destructive forest fires in the his
tory of Shasta County has raged for four days along
the headwaters of Stillwater,^ten miles north of this
city. * * * Seven farmhouses have been destroyed
and the loss of fencing will be great. * . ? * The
fire is still rushing southward. It has burned over
an area more than twenty miles long and five miles
wide." * '
AT this season of the year almost every day adds
another to the many lessons the people of Cali
fornia have already received "on the urgent
need of establishing a comprehensive system of forest
protection. Fire after fire breaks out, and, while
most of them are promptly extinguished, a consid
erable number sweep on until they do damage'enough
to constitute an important item in the news of the
day.
MORE COSTLY LESSONS.
A Chicago man says he finds that life is joy living
without a stomach. He must have been a steady cus
tomer of the restaurants of the Windy City.
This is a subject that comes home to the rich men
and women of California. Our State university has
an endowment notoriously insufficient. The pinch
hurts along the salary nerve of the institution. The
members of'the faculty, who are admirably fitted for
their work, arc poorly paid, andas they pass away their
places may not be as well filled, because professors
must live decently and not leave their families to pov
erty. Under such circumstances we may witness a de
cadence in the institution. Millions should be added
to the endowment. Let us hope that coming Junes
may see a flush commencement at Berkeley.
The importance of this, is that the income of that
sum goes into the general fund of the fortunate insti
tutions, and will enable the paying, of better salaries
to the professors, tutors and teachers. For this tlfcre
is a crying need. The call upon the higher schools of
America is louder every year. The demand for well
equipped teachers therein is beyond the supply, and
the supply is short because the pay is poor. We have
seen the average income of the teachers in our acade
mies, colleges and universities stated at $1200 per an
num, excluding the salaries of president. At that rate
entering upon a professorial career is accepting gen
teel poverty at the beginning" of a career, with no
prospect of improvement in one's condition. This is
not saying that a fit teacher should make money the
first consideration and the enlightenment of mankind
secondary. But teachers and professors marry, they
rear families, and their work is apt to wear them out
early in life, and everywhere may be found their /wid
ows and children just on the edge of indigence. 1 It is
a distressing condition that ought not to be, and those
who have observed it will rejoice that last June was
a flush commencement, and that so large a part of the
golden shower was added, to endowments to increase
appreciably the salaries of the men and women whose
devotion and genius make our higher schools as ex
cellent as they are.
In the list of amounts Washington University, St.
Louis, leads with gifts to its endowment amounting
to $5,000,000. Brown University, Rhode Island, is
second with $2,000,060 added to her endowment.
Yale is third with $1,667,000, for buildings and schol
arships, and Harvard is fourth with $1,462,075, all for
two buildings for the medical and architectural depart
ments. It is gratifying that of the. total amount so much
was added directly to endowments. In addition to
the seven millions given for that purpose to Washing
ton and Brown, Milliken University received $150,000,
Smith College $101,000, Beloit $350,000, and Syracuse
$75,000, making a grand total of $7,676,000 added to
scholastic endowments.
In this strait and stringency it is gratifying that pri
vate citizens are rallying to the support of higher edu
cation. Last June, the commencement season, was
made memorable by the donation of nearly thirteen
millions of dollars to twenty-four academies, colleges
and universities in this country. 'It was a glad season
to present students and past graduates, and one of
especial cheer to the members of the faculties and
financial offirers who have to struggle to make both
ends- meet.
A great majority of the schools of academic grade,
and above, in this country are limited in their useful
ness by lack of endowment. Their original founda
tion was adapted to the then present demand, but the
growth of the country has caused such an increase in
the demand upon them that their income is insufficient
for the work they are expected to perform. This is
true of the State institutions as well as of the private
foundations. In the public land States the universities
had landed endowments which if retained until now
would have furnished an abundant capital. But the
lands were sold at a low value and all of those insti
tutions "are pinched for money and have to be borne
by the taxpayers as a burden which many resent. The
State University of California is an example of this
profligate waste of a landed endowment, which if held
until it acquired its real value would have produced
about fifteen millions of dollars.
JUNE is the commencement season in bur Ameri
can academies, colleges and' universities. At
that season former graduates make pilgrimage
to their alma mater, to meet again and renew their
college days by mingling with their successors of a
younger generation. It is a season of sentiment, of
reminiscence and of pleasure.
A FLUSH COMMENCEMENT.
Mr. J. Pierpont Moi gan may hold the bomis which
represent the value of the billion dollar steel trust.
He is coming here as a temporary resident. If his
residence became permanent, and his personalty
therefore became taxable here, by what plan can realty
exact from him tribute equal to the tax his billion of
personalty should pay? We ask in the spirit of in
quiry. Henry George's 'theory having got into the
distinguished company of the New York, millionaires;
we desire to see whether it gains anything by that
association.
Mr. Purdy must see that if his theory is correct the
term "exemption" as applied to personalty is mis
used, since the personalty is not exempt because it is
taxed in the form of tribute to realty. It is evident,
too, upon reading his Detroit address carefully, that
the tribute to realty paid by personalty is reduced by
the amount of tax levied directly upon personalty,
and that realty will gain in tribute just the. amount
of direct tax that is taken off personalty, but will pass
it on to the public treasury. - • . <
•>Mr. Purdy leaves our question unanswered. We
asked what tribute realty in San, Francisco wpuld get
from Mr. Carnegie, if he established his legal resi
dence here, to balance his exemption from a tax of
three millions,, which would be due on his fortune of
three hundred millions? The theory upon which Mr.
Purdy and the single taxers proceed is that moneys,
credits, the product S)f labor "and < all personalty pay a
tribute to realty, which it really passes on as tax to
the public treasury. If that theory can be demon
strated, the real estate owner appears merely as a tax
collector, and. that method of taking taxes has the
great merit of economy and simplicity. But we
want to -know in what form and how Mr. Carnegie
would pay a tribute of three millions to realty in this
city.
in the form of interest, but it does prevent double
taxation. . , ' .
CHINESE MINISTER WU
ON "LOOP-TH E-LOOP'
ORIENTAL DIPLOMAT TAKES A '
RIDE AROUND THE "LOOP THE
LOOP."
6
AJBrUSEHENTS.
Tlrol!-"Otello."
California— "The Roral Box."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Mrs. Dane's Defence."
Alcazar— "Silver-Mounted Harness."
Grand Opera-house — "The Liars."
Central — "The Great Diamond Robbery," .
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenimr.
Fischer 1 *- Vaudeville.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Eutro Baths — Swimming.
State Fair and Exnositlon. Sacramento— September 2 to 14.
AUCTION SALES.
By "Wm. G. Layng— This day. Trotting: Horses, at 721 How-
ard street. ¦
By Wm. Butterfteld— This day, at 11 o'clock. Furniture and
Canute, at 80S Pine street.
Call mibicrlberi contemplating: m. chance *t
their paper forwarded by mall to their new.
addreaaes by notifying The Call Dullness Office.
Thi* partcr Trill also be on sale at all summer
reaoTts and la represented by a. local aQeat la
Ml tovros on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
if ; ¦ —___—___— ±
ALASKA'S MOST REMARKABLE MURDER |
BV UNITED STATES ATTORNEY-GENERAL ROBERT A. FRIEDHICH.
jt — >
| — • EXPERIENCES IN THE YAQUI T™1 99
© • INDIAN COUNTRY. S S
O © BY JOSE DE OLIVARES. g J
1 § VENEZUEU AND HER REVO- | |
| g LUTIONS. § 2
' © « BY 0. F. YON RHIIN. S S
q © 5 •
S S LITTLE PEOPLE OF THE PAN- % J
S 5 AMERICAN MIDWAY. J J
e ef " ¦ ¦ -. . ¦ — 2 2
• • £! 2 2
! I CALL I i
8 2**** # * eo **° #e#e *** #o ** # * # *+ 2 •
2 8 WAS THE DEATH OF \ • 3
2 2 BRITISH CONSUL PICKERS- • 3
g • .-. GILL FORETOLD? 3 3
2 © THE PEOPLE OF THE GOLF 5 3
o | AND POLO TOURNAMENT. 8 8
8 8 2 8
• 2 FASHIONS, BOOKS, STORIES 3 3
_o^Lg«. <* "-"MAN INTEREST. 8,,
THE SAMPS0N3CHLEY CONTROVERSY 1
TRANSCR PT OF OFFICIAL MESS\GES THAT PASSEP BETWEEN THEM OFF SANTIAGD ' 'United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Giovanni Castagnola, 16 years of age,
was released by Judge Cook yesterday on
a writ of habeas corpus. He was held to
answer by Judge Conlan on July 5 on a
charge of robbery of the person of John
Antonia. Judge Cook held that the evi
dence against the defendant was insuffi
cient, and besides there were fatal errors
in the record, one of which was that no
showing was made as to where the crime
was committed. The boy was arrested on
a new warrant from Judge Dunne's court.
Released and Rearrested.
Jurisdiction in Kobbe Case.
The case of Eric Kobbe, son of General
Kobbe, charged with assault to murder
for shooting the boy Paul "Wisslg while in.
a boat off Fort Mason, was called in
Judge Slogan's court yesterday. Major
Hull, judge advocate at the Presidio, who
at the last calling of the case raised the
question of jurisdiction, submitted his
brief on the point and the Judge continued
the case until August 17 to give the prose
cution time to frame a brief in answer.
¦The fourth principle is that of greatest effi
ciency In professional knowledge. The art of
war is the application of Its principles to act
ual practice and of more Importance than the
science. Military problems will be carefully
and timely prepared for solution during Im
portant military drills and maneuvers. The
troops will be frequently occupied in extended
field exercises, such as scouting, reconnolter-
Ing and map-making' expeditions, and other
practical field work. The officers and men will
be required to apply the principles of security
and information to the accidents of the terrain
over which they may be engaged. Wherever
practicable extensive military maneuvers will
be practiced by detachments simulating larger
bodies of troops, but all under the well-defined
system.
The third principle to be observed is the
highest possible physical "development that will
render the soldier capable of the greatest en
durance on the march and on the field of battle.
To this end athletic games are superior to pre
scribed gymnastics that require special appara
tus and marches or increasing length at "at
tention" to those at route step with shambling
gait and irregular cadence. '
. The exchange canteen recreation, or amuse
ment room, as it was originally called, will be
made as attractive as possible, and the recent
law concerning it will be faithfully and loy
ally observed.
Recent reports Indicate the existence of
marked unsoldierly deportment on the part of
some of the troops, a condition apparently cul
tivated' recently under the mistaken Idea that
a certain uncouthness of exterior and laxity of
manners are the essential characteristics of a
soldier. As they are most subversive of dis
cipline and efficiency, offenses of this nature
must neither be ignored nor condoned. Com
manding officers are strictly accountable for
the general appearance of their troops under all
circumstances, whether they be In garrison, in
camp, on the inarch, off duty or on brief fur
lough. Soldiers are as much responsible for
their conduct while off the military reservations
or out of camp as when in garrison.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. * 14.— Lieutenant
General Miles, commanding the army, has
issued a general order intended ..to im
prove the condition of the. army. It ad
monishes officers and men "regarding their
duties and points out the essentials Of a
good soldier, specifically mentioning pa
triotism, discipline, physical development,
self-respect, self-reliance and resourceful
ness; also adding that professional knowl
edge Is necessary at all times. Following
are extracts from the order:
Uncle Sam's. Soldiers Must
Develop Practical
Efficiency.
Commanding General of
the Army Issues In
structions.
MILES DEMANDS
MORE DISCIPLINE
THURSDAY, AUGUST 15.
It only takes a day like yesterday to
make you realize that the ice in the pitch
er is all it's cracked up to be.
Jeremiah Sullivan, an expressman, liv
ing at. 10 Commercial street, secured a
warrant' from Judge Cabanlss yesterday
for the arrest of his old friend, James
O'Connor, on a charge of grand larceny.
Sunday he had been drinking with O'Con
nor and about 6 o'clock in the evening
retired to bed. He was awakened by hear
ing some one in his room and discovered
that the Intruder x was O'Connor, who
quickly left the room. He has since found
that $450 which he had placed under the
mattress for safety was missing', and he
accuses O'Connor of having stolen it.
O'Connor was arrested by Detective Egan
and Policeman Gwyn. . .
Bobbed by His Old Friend.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tlde3
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and, the. successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. . except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition' to the soundings on the United
States Coast -Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
KAHULUI— Sailed July 81— Bark W B Flint,
for San Francisco.
HILO— Sailed July 31— Bark Annie Johnson,
for San - Francisco." • '
MAHUKONA-Salled July 28-Schr Minnie
A Caine. for San Francisco
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived • Auk 14— Schr
Challenger, hence July 27; schr Balboa, from
Port Clarence.
Passed July 14— Stmr Dolphin, for Seattle.
Passed in Aug 14— Ger stmr Neko, from Na
nalmo, for Seattle. •
Arrived Aue , 14— Schr Robert R Hind, from
St Michael.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 14— Bktn Kll
kitat, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 13— Stmrs Dlrigo and
Cottage City, for Skaguay.
Arrived Aug- 14— Stmr Al-Kl, from Skaguay:
stmr Dolphin, from Skaguay.
EUREKA— Arrived Ausr 14— Stmr Empire,
from Coci Bay. -
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Ausr 13— Stmr Bruns
wick, from Eureka.
Sailed Au«T 14 — Stmr W H Kruger, for Tll
lamook.
Arrived Aug 14— Btmr Paiadena, from Eu
reka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug 14 — Bktn
Geo C Perkins, from Honolulu; schr Henry
Wilson, from Honolulu. . -
EUREKA -Sailed Aug 14— Stmrs Eureka and
Empire, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Geo W El
der, hence Aug 10. • Aug 13 — Schr Lena Swea
sey, from Grays ¦ Harbor. .
NEAH BAY— Passed out Aug 14— Ship St
Francis, for Adelaide.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 14, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 10 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Arch Rock la to be blown up to-day, Aug
15, at 12 noon. All vessels lying within dan
ger of the rock are requested to be moved.
NOTICE.
Wednesday, August 14.
Etmr Alcazar, Martin, .
Stmr City of Puebla. JepBen. Victoria.
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 14.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
way ports; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 14.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett,' 32 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 19 hours from
Fort Bragg.
U S Btmr Petrel, Gheen, 11 days from Hono
lulu. -
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 16 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Notice is hereby given that San Joaquln
buoy, a second-class spar, painted red and num
bered 8, near the turning point to the San
Joaquin River, Sulsun Bay, California, disap
peared August 6. It will be replaced aa Boon
as practicable.
This notice affects the "List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901." page 27.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBRKE,
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Notice to Mariners.
SUISUN BAY. CALIFORNIA.
Another overdue has been heard from.
The British bark Renfleld, eighty-flve
days out from Newcastle, Australia, for
Valparaiso, on which 20 per cent was paid,
has been spoken. This leaves the County
of Haddington, now oujt 194 • days from
New York for Shanghai, on which SO per
cent is being paid, the only vessel on the
board.
It was not Captain Dart of the Sparrow
who committed suicide some months ago,
but Captain Clemengs, who succeeded him.
on that vessel. Captain Dart is now mas
ter of the ship General Fairchild and is
on his way to San Francisco.
Water Front Notes.
The steamer City of Puebla cleared yester
day for Victoria with a general cargo valued
at $16,189, including the following merchandise
and produce: 22 cs arms and ammunition,
f.020 rbs bread, 5 gals brandy, 77 cs canned
goods, 1250 lt>s dried fruit, 3870 lbs coffee, 3
bales dry goods, 3 cs electrical supplies, 2055
pkgs fruits and vegetables, 6 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 2 cs honey, 14 cs hardware, 180
lbs hops, 14 cs hats, 6 bales hose, 10 cs liquors,
113 pkgs machinery, 32,175 lbs malt, 1220 lbs
meals, 150 crs potatoes and onions, 5 tons pig
iron, 635 cs paste. 601 lbs sugar, 678 lbs tobacco,
74 pigs tin, 12 cs 632 gals wine.
In addition to above the steamer carried 1545
crs of onions for Australia, valued at $2316.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The Commissioners have decided that
owing to the strike and the consequent
suspension of business the expenses must
be cut down. The board's revenue has
been seriously affected, and something
must be done. Messrs. Kilburn and Her
old will look into the matter during the
week, and if there is no settlement in the
meantime a number of men will be laid
off next Wednesday.
The Board of Harbor Commissioners
held a short session yesterday. The Un
ion Iron Works sent a communication to
the board in regard to the new floating
drydocks to be erected near the Arctic Oil
Works. They asked that the line of con
struction be deflected a little so as not to
interfere with the launching of vessels
from the shipyards. It was feared by the
Scotts that if built as originally intended
one of the biff warships when sliding into
the bay might crash into the docks. The
matter will be looked Into and rectified.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
The Antofogasta will load lumber at Che
mainua for Antofogasta (owner's account); the
Gardiner City, lumber at Gamble for Hilo; the
Marion Chilcott, merchandise here for Hllo.
The following vessels have been chartered prior
to arrival: The Chas. E. Moody to load coal
at Tacoma for Honolulu; the Combermere, sal
mon at Fraser River for Liverpool; the Cara,
lumber on Puget Sound for Valparaiso for
orders, 66s 3d; the Alex. McNeil, lumber on
Puget Sound for Valparaiso direct, 53s 9d; the
WMlie R. Hume, lumber at Blakeley for
Callao, 55s.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
A cemmunioatien was received from the
acting Secretary of Agriculture stating
that it was the present policy of the de
partment to advance the work cf the
"Weather Bureau on the Pacific Coast, and
particularly at the Golden Gate. It was
also stated that if experiments with wire
less telegraphy which are now being car
ried on in the East should prove success
ful recommendation will be made at the
next session of Congress that a system be
installed on the Farallones.
The Sierra Lumber Company and C. A.
Hooper & Co. were elected to membership
in the chamber.
The Chamber of Commerce held its reg
ular monthly meeting- yesterday. Resolu
tions deprecating: the practice of "ticket
scalping" were adopted, on the ground
that the railroad companies were thus
prevented from friving advantageous rates
to homeseekers.
Telegraphy May Soon Be Installed
on Farallon Islands.
Information Received That Wireless
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
EOLDS MONTHLY MEETHTG
Honolulu — Miss N. Morris, Mrs. Atwater,
[Mrs. Robertson. Mrs. Spring. Mrs. Handy.
Tklrs. E. WIlcoz, Mrs. Harris, Mrs. Cabral and
thild, Mrs. Ottman, H. F. J. Dale, Mr. Tor
mesbeck. C. Kern, H. S. Kennedy, H. Wicks,
O. K. Ouinn. H. W. Dietz, D. I. Quinn, E.
Barges. H. D. Sllllman. G. Fourde. H. L. Jo
seph. M. Nleord, P. F. Ramm. Mr. Cabral,
J. T. Latteau. Mr. Whitsire. C. Muller and
Mr. Litherland.
RETTON OF THE PETBEL.
little Gunboat That Helped Defeat
the Spaniards Is Home Again.
With her homeward-bound pennant
floating from the main, the United
States gunboat Petrel came Into port yes
terday afternoon and anchored off Fol
eom-street wharf. For four years and
Auckland— A. MagiU. L. H. Rivere, X>. Hast
ings, E. Schwartze, Miss E. Graham. W. D.
Johnston, Mr. and Mrs, Rutland, D. Bere.
Pago Pago— F. Loderborg, I. T. Roberts, ~\X.
T. Orden.
Sydney— I. T. Duspree, Dr. E. M. Conard, W.
H. Gutheridge, Mr. and Mrs. T. O'Loughlin C
Rafu. C. O. Church, Mrs. E. Voetter, Miss A.
Voetter. Mrs. L. Paul! and child. Mrs. J.
Jones. Mrs. C. W. Wrleht, Mr. and Mrs. J.
T. Knight and child. Miss J. Miller, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Cross, S. D. McFarlane, E. Llschke,
Rev. H. Welch and H. Oss.
From Honolulu— M. C. Alvarez, Mr. and Mrs.
G. Abraham, Dr. L. F. Alvarez, W. H. Ash
mead. C. A. Austin. Samuel Baldwin. . Miss
Charlotte Baldwin, R. E. Blouin, B. R. Ban
ning. Miss F. Boughman. . Miss Boyer, Mrs.
Belllna, Miss Florence Bush. Miss Julia Bueh,
Miss S. Carter. Mrs. J. A. Colvln, A. Y. Com
etock, George Carragan. J. C. Cummings, J.
S. Carman, J. F. Colburn, George Chalmers,
eon and daughter; A. Caro, F. B. Cooper and
wife. R. M. Couger, E. Doward, H. R. Dunn
way. Mr. Dinkelspiel. C. S. Desky, Miss G.
Dowsett. Captain Fox and wife, Miss Keitman,
R. M. Halstead, W. A. Hall, W. H. Hoogs,
the Masters Hoogs, Mrs. T. N. Hobron, C.
A. Hartwell, W. L. Hopper, Miss B. Hopper,
Mrs. W. S. Hughes, Miss B. Howard. Misa
Alice Jones, Austin Jones, W. James, George
L Lufkln. R. C. Lydecker. Mrs. Mary Todd
Larwell, Mrs. F. Macfarlane and family, V.
G. Malice. Harry Macfarlane, J. S. McCand
less, G. A. Xicholsen, Mrs. G. E. Nicholsen,
M. O'Brien. T. Q'Dowda. George Richardson.
J. W. Reighley, Gertrude Renton, Mrs. P.
Rasmussen and daughter, Miss Rosis, Miss
Rosenblum, E. N. Smith, Miss Sanders. Mr.
Scott, Raymond Spalding, Jacob Spitz, E. R.
Spangler. W. O. Smith and wife, Miss Kather-
Ine Smith, Mrs. M. C. Stlnson, C. Sterling,
W. H. Ehlpman and daughter, Mies L. Tem
pleton, Mrs. J. W. Thompson, J. Tanaka, Miss
Jessln Trlest, Miss West, R. Winkleman,
¦Wilder Wight. Mrs. Laura Wight. A. T. White.
H. H. Williams. J. H. Wood. William Yost and
wife. S. B. Yost.
Pago Pago— C. Morris. Dr. E. Blackwell,
Lieutenant G. H. Stafford, Dr. E. Weber. Mr.
Hufland.
Auckland— F. T. McHenrv, Miss Mason, Mrs.
C. M. Gary, Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Perry, Rev.
O. G. Morrison, Major Madocks. A. T. H. Pil
lar. Mr. Allison. W. H. George, Miss George,
A. K. Watts, W. D. Knox, W. R. Matthews,
V. Prytz, E. C. Drum. Mr. and Mrs. H. Plim
mtt.
Sydney— I. N. Taylor, W. Willingham, G.
Wilklns. Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Williams, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Ha move, Mrs. G. Ward and son,
Mrs. H. L. Read and two children. Dr. and
Mrs. W. T. Bacon, H. Bedingfield, Captain
Barneson. Mrs. Barneson, Miss Barneson, Mas
ters Barneson (3), Mr. Estinghausen, J. Moly
ruan. Captain Almona, H. L. Fenwick, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Shepherd, W. Struthers, I. McKenzie
Lees, Miss Brune.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sonoma arrived from Sydney, N.
S. W., via Auckland. N. Z.; Pago
Pago, Samoa, and Honolulu, H. I.,
Tuesday night and docked yesler
day morning. She was delayed thirteen
hours at Honolulu, but would have
reached this port by 3 p. m. Tuesday had
it not been for the heavy fog that was
run into off the coast. Among her cargo
the Sonoma brings $1,500,000 in treasure.
Her first and second cabin passengers
were:
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug 14— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, for
New York, via Cherbourg.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Auc 13— Stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver, for Hong
kong
SYDNEY— Sailed— Stmr Ventura, for San
Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug 14— Stmr St Louis,
for Southampton; stmr Majestic, for Liverpool;
stmr Kensington, for Antwerp; stmr Lauren
tlan, for Glassow. •
Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Lahn, from Bremen
and Southampton. .
PERIM— Passed Aug 13— Stmr Glenesk, from
Tacoma, via Yokohama, etc, for London.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aus: 14— Stmr Phlla
delphian, for. New York; Btmr Lake Superior,
for Montreal.
Sailed Auk 14— Stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosse, from Bremen and Southampton, for
New York.
BROWHEAD — Passed '. Aug 14 — Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Queenstown and
Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug 14— Stmr Am
sterciam. from New York, via Boulogne.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Aug 14 — Stmr
Deutschland, from .New York, via Plymouth,
for Hamburg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
• In port July 24— Br ship Cleomene, for Ore
gon; Fr bark Edmond Rostand, for San Fran
cisco; Nor bark Hereford, for San Francisco;
Br ship Hlnemoa, for San Francisco: schr
Honoipu, for -Honolulu; Br bark Marlon Fra
zer, for San Francisco: bktn Robert Sudden,
for Honolulu: Br ship Torridon, for Oregon.
SYDNEY— In port July 23— Br ship Beach
dale, for San Francisco, via Newcastle: bkth
Echo, for Honolulu, via Newcastle; Br ship
Orentes, for San Francisco, via Newcastle;
echr Wm H Smith, for Honolulu.
MANILA— Arrived Aug 13— U S stmr Grant,
hence July 16.
FALMOUTH— Sailed Aug 13— Br ship Colony,
for Hamtmr;:. «
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed July 28— Ger stmr
Dendorah, for Hamburg.
FLUSHING— Arrived Aug 12— Br ship Swan
hllda, from Oregon. - . ' . .
DUNKIRK— Arrived Aug 13^Ger bark Pro
fessor Koch, from / Oregon.
ANTWERP— Arrived Aug 12— Br ship Helga,
from Oregon.
VALPARAISO— Sailed July 12— Br ship Mat
terhorn, for Royal Roads.
NANAIMO— Sailed Aug 14— Ger stmr Neko,
for Seattle.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Aug 12-U S stmr Han
cock, for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Cone
maugh, for St Michael.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed July 8— Br ship
Pleione, for San Francisco. July 9— Ship Eu
terpe, for San Francisco. July IS— Ship St
David, for Kahului. July 21— Bark Abby Pal
mer, for Honolulu.
PANAMA— Arrived Aug 1— Stmr San Jo«e.
hence July 8, to sail Aug 3 for San Francisco.
Sailed Auc 3— Br stmr Guatemala, for San
Francisco. - :
PORT NATAL-Arrived July .17-Br ship
Ilala, from Tacoma.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived July 24— Br ship
Pinmore. from Cardiff.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug 12— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Sailed Aug 14— Stmr Ventura, for
San Francisco.
PERIM— Arrived Aug 13— Br stmr Glenesk,
from Tacoma.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Aug 12— Stmr San Juan,
for San Francisco.
HAKODATE— Saile'd Aug 13— Aus stmr Klek,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Alllanca,
for Colon.
EASTERN PORT.
Arrived July 31— Schr Ida Schnauer, from
Port Townsend.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aus: 3— U S stmr Ben
nlngton, from Yokohama; Br stmr Aorangl,
from Vancouver. " •
Sailed Auk 3 — U S stmr Petrel, for. San Fran
cisco; U S stmr Thomas, for Manila; schr
W H Marston, for San Francisco: shiD Ha
waiian Isles, for Royal Roads: schr Aloha,
for San Francisco; bktn John Smith, for Puget
Sound. Aug 4— Br stmr Aorangi, for Sydney.
To sail Aug 7— U S stmr Philadelphia, for
San Francisco.
The Petrel left the cruiser Philadelphia
and the gunboat Benningtonat Honolulu.
On June 12 last the Petrel started from
Hongkong for home. On her way she
stopped at Nagasaki, Yokohama and Hon
olulu, making the run from the latter
place in eleven days. She is commanded
by Captain E. H. Gheen. Lieutenant F.
R. Payne is the executive officer. The
rest of the officers are: Lieutenant J. M.
Hughes. Lieutenant F. E. Eckhardt, Dr.
C. D. Langhorne. Ensign L. C. Palmer,
Ensign C. P. Burt, Ensign George Wash
ington and Paymaster D. M. Addlson. She
has a crew of 119 men, including ten ma
rines. There arc two prisoners for court
martial aboard.
When the orders came to Dewey at
Hongkong to destroy the Spanish fleet
and capture Manila the Petrel was one of
the fleet that went with him. Owing to
her light draught she was always in the
thickest of the fight, and the Don Juan de
Austria, the Isla de Cuba, the Isla de Lu
zon and the Mandanao, which were run on
the beach near Malate to escape the fire of
the fleet, were rendered untenable by the
gunboat.
The Petrel has only three men aboard
who were in the battle of Manila Bay.
Nearly all the others are "time expired"
and are coming home to be discharged.
The three men are Marine F. M. Cramer,
W. E. Harmon. A. B., and J. L. Carlson,
bugler. Jerry, the gunboat's mascot, was
also in the fight. Jerry is a big cat, and
according to the crew knows more than
many a man.
more the gallant little warship has been
in Asiatic waters, and nobly did her part
on that memorable May day when Dewey
won his victory in Manila Bay. In a day
or two she will go to Mare Island to be
put out of commission. She requires a
complete overhauling, and it will be many
months before she will be ready for ser
vice again.
GUNBOAT PETREL, PASSING ARCH ROCK ON HER WAT TO AN ANCHORAGE. THE ROCK IS TO BE BLOWN
UP AT NOON TO-DAY. THE GUNBOAT HAS BEEN FOUR YEARS IN ASIATIC WATERS AND PARTICIPAT
ED IN THE BATTLE OF MANILA BAY.
A certificate on the subject of Instruc
tion for the deaf and dumb was granted
to Mrs. Jennie Bright Holden, she having
passed a successful examination before
the Board of Examiners. Mrs. Holden
will be assigned to a class as soon as
there are twelve pupils desiring to pursue
the study.
Silas White and Miss J. B. Gorman were
placed on the retired list at their own re
quest.
Leave of absence was granted to ML*s
M. E. Mower.
The City Attorney was requested to de
fend the board in the suit brought by Miss
Margaret McKenzie for reinstatement as
principal of the Hancock School.
The resignations of Mrs. L. S. Pierson
and Mrs. Susie F. Cor.klin were accepted.
Miss B. O'Dea was appointed janitress
of the Buena Vista School.
Miss E. Hartrick was transferred from
the Noe Valley School to the Cooper, Miss
J. Hernminsway from the Grant School to
the Mission and Miss C. Lewison from the
Fairmount School to the Spring Valley,
new classes.
Miss E. Crookham a teacher in the de
partment, was dismissesd from her posi
tion because she has not reported for duty
and has not been granted a leave of ab
sence.
Miss A. E. Bryar.t to the Denman School;
Miss N. Erb to the Irving School; Miss A.
Thomas t<* the Grant School; Miss F. Fenton
to the Starr King School; Miss E. Holmes to
the Noe Valley School; Mips R. Cassassa to the
Jean Parker School during the leave of Miss
R. Campbell; Miss R. F. L*wis to the Jack
son, new class; Miss M. Dowllng to the Haight.
new class; Mrs. 1. D. Ostrom to the Crocker
School; Hits N. McCarthy to the South End
School, new class; Mrs. h,. B. Riddell to the
Fairmount School; Miss M. Conroy, to the
Cooper School; Waiter E. Smith, teacher of
ecience in Mission High.
Of the thirteen teachers assigned three
assumed charge of new classes in the
Jackson, Haight and South End schools
to relieve congested attendance. The ac
commodations in several schools are so
limited that the board has been put to the
necessity of renting many outside rooms.
There are now forty classes conducted in
stores and basements, for which the city
pays $730 in monthly rentals. The follow
ing assignments were made:
The assignment of thirteen teachers to
regular classes in the School Depart
ment by the Board of Education yester
day makes Imperative the election of a
number of new teachers. The board de
cided to meet again this afternoon for the
purpose of formulating a plan for such
election. The plan will probably be based
on the suggestions contained in a vol
uminous report recently submitted by a
committee of prominent educators. There
remain but four available teachers on the
substitute list, and the evening school
substitute list of 'twenty-seven teachers
will be drawn on for service.
Board Accepts Two Resigna
tions and Dismisses One
Pedagogue.
Many New Classes Are
Formed in Outside
Rented Rooms.
Gunboat Petrel, One of Dewey's Warships in Battle of Manila Bay,
Home Again After Four Years in Asiatic Waters,
MORE TEACHERS
ARE APPOINTED
MAIL STEAMSHIP SONOMA ARRIVES
FROM SOUTH SEA ISLAND PORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX,, THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1901.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five* minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
7
Steamer.
From:
Due.
Empire ..
Kureka
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Matteawan
San Juan
Neko
Pomona
Umatllla
Gaelic
Eureka
Leelanaw
Guatemala
Santa Rosa
Pomona
City of Fuebla.
Walla Walla...
San Jose
Bonlta..
St-Paul
Humboldt Bay
Humboldt
San Diego & Way Pts.
Point Arena
Tacoma
Panama & Way Ports.
Tacoma
Humboldt ;
Puget Sound Ports
China and Japan...";..!
Humboldt ....
N. Y. via Panama....
Valparaiso & Way Pts-
San Diego & Way Pts.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
Puget Sound Ports....
Panama & Way Ports.
San Pedro & Way Pt8
Nome & St. Michael...
Aug. IS
Aug. IS
Aug. 15
Aur. 16
Aug. 17
Aug. 18
Aug. 18
Augf. IS
|Aug. 18
Aug. 20
lAug. 20
Aug. 21
Aug. 22
Aug. 22
Aug. 23
Aug. 24
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Pomona
Arcata
Walla Walla.
Peru
Czarina
San Pedro....
Anubls
Sureka
City Peking?..
' Ansrnst 13.
Humboldt
' AucuHt 16.
Coos Bay ..........
Puget Sound Ports
Valparaiso & "Way
Ansrnst 17.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Humboldt
S. America, Europe
Humboldt
China & Japan
August is.
San Diego..
Anprnst 10.
Panama & Wav Pts
AiiRnut 2O.
San Pedro & Way..
N. Y. via Panama.
August 22.
Sydney & Way Pts
Valparaiso & Way.
Puget Sound Porta
1:30 p
12' m
11 am
12 m
10 am
9 am
lpm
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier —
I Pier 13
PMSS
Santa Rosa...
9 am
Pier 11
Acapulco... ..
12 m
PMSS
Bonlta........
Argyll....;...
9 am
2 pm
I Pier it
Pier —
Sonoma*
Guatemala.. . j
Umatilla.i-.-. ¦
10 am
12 m
111 am
I Pier 7
IPler 10
I Pier 9
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin 7 Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aue 18
Farallon Skagruay & Way Ports. Aue 21
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Au&. 23
Spokane Skaguay & Way Ports. Auk. 23
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug 23
Oregon.... Nome and Teller.....:. Aup '4
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. j Aug. 2i
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets 7:26 s
.3:23
.7:04
.. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
Li W H W L W H W
15... 5:50 0.0 12:46 5.3' 6:01 1.8
HW LW H TV L W
16 ... 0:20 5.3 6:28 0.4 1:19 5.4 6:51
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:04 0.9 1:52 5.3 7:40
18 ...I 1:54 4.5 7:38 1.4 2:27 5.2 8:29
19 ..] 2:491 4.3| , 8:15 1.8 3:021 5.2 9:20
20 ...I 3:501 4.0| 8:54 2.2 3:371 5.1 10:19
21 ...| 5:00| 3.S| 9:38| 2.5| 4:18| 5.1| 11:20
Ft.
1.7
1.6
1.5
1.4
1.3
I 1.2
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon sets 7:26 s
.3:23
.7:04
.. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft.
Li W H W L W H W
15... 5:50 0.0 12:46 5.3' 6:01 1.8
HW LW H TV L W
16 ... 0:20 5.3 6:28 0.4 1:19 5.4 6:51
17 ... 1:06 5.0 7:04 0.9 1:52 5.3 7:40
18 ...I 1:54 4.5 7:38 1.4 2:27 5.2 8:29
19 ..] 2:491 4.3| , 8:15 1.8 3:021 5.2 9:20
20 ...I 3:501 4.0| 8:54 2.2 3:371 5.1 10:19
21 ...| 5:00| 3.S| 9:38| 2.5| 4:18| 5.1| 11:20
Ft.
1.7
1.6
1.5
1.4
1.3
I 1.2
Steamer.
From:
Due.
Empire ..
Kureka
Santa Rosa
Point Arena....
Matteawan
San Juan
Neko
Pomona
Umatllla
Gaelic
Eureka
Leelanaw
Guatemala
Santa Rosa
Pomona
City of Fuebla.
Walla Walla...
San Jose
Bonlta..
St-Paul
Humboldt Bay
Humboldt
San Diego & Way Pts.
Point Arena
Tacoma
Panama & Way Ports.
Tacoma
Humboldt ;
Puget Sound Ports
China and Japan...";..!
Humboldt ....
N. Y. via Panama....
Valparaiso & Way Pts-
San Diego & Way Pts.
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
Puget Sound Ports....
Panama & Way Ports.
San Pedro & Way Pt8
Nome & St. Michael...
Aug. IS
Aug. IS
Aug. 15
Aur. 16
Aug. 17
Aug. 18
Aug. 18
Augf. IS
|Aug. 18
Aug. 20
lAug. 20
Aug. 21
Aug. 22
Aug. 22
Aug. 23
Aug. 24
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Aug. 25
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails.
Pier.
Pomona
Arcata
Walla Walla.
Peru
Czarina
San Pedro....
Anubls
Sureka
City Peking?..
' Ansrnst 13.
Humboldt
' AucuHt 16.
Coos Bay ..........
Puget Sound Ports
Valparaiso & "Way
Ansrnst 17.
Seattle & Tacoma..
Humboldt
S. America, Europe
Humboldt
China & Japan
August is.
San Diego..
Anprnst 10.
Panama & Wav Pts
AiiRnut 2O.
San Pedro & Way..
N. Y. via Panama.
August 22.
Sydney & Way Pts
Valparaiso & Way.
Puget Sound Porta
1:30 p
12' m
11 am
12 m
10 am
9 am
lpm
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 8
Pier 2
Pier —
I Pier 13
PMSS
Santa Rosa...
9 am
Pier 11
Acapulco... ..
12 m
PMSS
Bonlta........
Argyll....;...
9 am
2 pm
I Pier it
Pier —
Sonoma*
Guatemala.. . j
Umatilla.i-.-. ¦
10 am
12 m
111 am
I Pier 7
IPler 10
I Pier 9
Steamer.
I
Destination.
Sails.
Dolphin 7 Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 16
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. IS
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aue 18
Farallon Skagruay & Way Ports. Aue 21
Queen Skaguay & Way Ports. Au&. 23
Spokane Skaguay & Way Ports. Auk. 23
Victorian....... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug 23
Oregon.... Nome and Teller.....:. Aup '4
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. j Aug. 2i
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUGGISTS MUST BE CHARY.
They Sell All Kinds of Hair Prepara-
tions and Fear to Discriminate.
Druggists sell all kinds of hair prepara-
tions, and as a iule they are wisely chary
of giving preference to any particular one,
but many of. them have come out plainly
for Newbro's Herpicide, the new treat-
ment, that absolutely kills the dandruff
germ. H. Swannell & Son, Champaign.
111., say: "One customer of ours who did
not have a hair on top of his head when
he began to use Herpicide now has a fair
start toward a good head of hair. "We be-
lieve Herpicide to be by far the best prep-
aration of its kind on the market." Hun-
dreds of similar testimonials from every-
where. .
BRIDGEWORK
$5.00.
We are making a spe-
cialty of this work, em-
ploying skillful operators.
Chalmers Dental Co.
133 Powell Street, S. F.
PALACE . w ¦
These hotels possess
AlsfH the attributes that tour-
•***"* t ;, . tsts and .travelers ap-
fniijn predate— central loca-
bKAliiJ tl«n. -liberal manage-
HAT c T c . ment. modern appoint-
I1U 1 EL. 5, roents and perfect cui-
sine.
San American and Euro-
pean plans.
Franciscx
¦fbiSBflJLENTS* ' /)
MARKET bT. SF. ,
The diseases most feared are those which an; 5^^^'**^^^^
inherited — handed down from generation to gen- •Mil' p$O'wl»
eration, and family to family. By far the most
destructive of these is Cancer, -which finds the Ki^^MAiuhiim^f^^^^^
greatest number of its victims among the children
and grand-children of those whose blood was tainted
with this dreadful malady. You may carry this poison in the blood for years, but
as the vital powers begin to wane a slight bruise or cut, wart or mole, sore or
pimple may develop into Cancer. From middle life to old age is the time when
the slumbering poison is most apt to break out, a sore or* ulcer often degenerating
into Cancer, and Tumors become more progressive and ulcerate through the skin,
the sharp, shooting pains causing the most intense suffering.
The Cancer patient naturally grows^ despondent as one after another the usual
remedies fail, and the sore shows no sign of healing. The impurities that have
been accumulating in the system, perhaps for generations, cannot be eliminated nor
the poisoned blood made pure by salves, washes and plasters. The proper treatment
is to purify and build up the blood, remove the cause, when the sore or ulcer heals.
S. S. S. goes directly
3!Ir. J. B. Arnold, of Greenwood, S. C, writes: " A i n to the blood, destroys
tiny txlcer came, just Tinder the left eye. It began, the virus, stops the for-
Bpreadiny, and grew worse rapidly, destroying tho mat : on ' t Ca ncerou o
flesh as it went. As Cancer is hereditary in my family nation ot cancerous
I became thoroughly alarmed, consulting- the best phy- cells and cleanses the
siciana and talcing- many blood medicines, none of system of impurities,
which did me any good, when one of our leading' What we say of S. S. S.
drufftrists advised me to try S. S. S., and by tho time as a cure for Cancer is
I had taken, the second bottle the Cancer bosran to supp orted by the testi-
show signs of healing, the discharge grew gradually m ony of those who have
less and finally ceaced altogether, the aoro dried up S j t a n d^" JT
and nothing remains but a slight trcar. I feel that I ***** » t U u
owe my life to S. S. S.» stored to health.
--- > '-¦_ Begin m time, don't
wait until the blood is so .iolfcxted an<5 ti? system eo thoroughly saturated with the
poison that no medicine, however efficacious, can check the progress of the disease.
if there is a taint in 3'our blood get it out at once, don't wait for some external evi-
dence of it, the appearance of a tumor or ulcer. We have prepared a special book
on Cancer which we ; 11 mail free. Our physicians are ready to help you by thei?
advice and such direction as your case requires. Write us fully and freely — no
charge for medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO. , ATLANTA, Q A.
. ¦ . ¦ x ¦- ¦ * ¦ •
•OmtlOHT 1100 IT THE MOCT£« * GAMBLE CO. CINCINNATI
AS TO CLOTHING.
fp£p5?|HERE is an epitaph in a Vermont church-
#nR3| yard: "I expected this but not so soon/'
$gjy?| S uc n is the epitaph on clothing worn out
i:ft£...xw:l<n the wash-tub. Underclothing may be
fragile, yet it ought not to wear out in ten weeks.
But this isn't wear; it 4 is decay. You buy 5 cents
worth of cheap soap and you lose the equivalent of
50 cents in the wash-tub. Ivory. Soap will not harm
the most delicate fabric Is it wise not to use it?
IVORY SOAP IS 99«>i& PER CENT. PURE.
AMUSEMENTS.
lf*fil IIMBlflA SAN FRANCISCO'S
UULUinEllH LEADING THEATRE
Last 3 Nights — Mat. Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAN'3
Empire theater Company.
Presenting HENRY ARTHUR JONES*
Greatest Play.
MRS. DANK DEFENCE.
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
DANIEL FROHMaN'S COMPANY
From Daly's Theater. New York, Including
MISS HILDA SPONG.
PresentinK R. C. Carton's Comedy Success,
LADY HUNTWORTB'S EXPERIMENT.
SEAT SALE NOW ON.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
DANIEL FRAWLEY
Presents
"THE LIARS/'
' By Henry Arthur Jones
First Time in This City at Popular Prices.
Daniel Frawley as Colonel Sir Christopher
Deeringr.
E. J. Morpan in His Original Role of
Edward Falkner.
SAME PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, SOc. 73c
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 23c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next "Week— "BROTHER OFFICERS."
EVENINGS AT J SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT i SHARP.
GRAND OF»ER«.
To-night, Saturday Matinee and Sunday,
OTELLO
With Montanari, Salassa and Castellano.
FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
L/\ FAVORITA
Witi Agostini, Dado, Collamarlnl and Ferrari.
POPULAR PRICES-Kc. SOc and 750.
Telephone— Bush 9.
NEXT WEEK— "MEFISTOFELE" and "BAR-
BER OF SEVILLE."
BE IAS CO Amo THAlESjfegflg.
TO-NIGHT— All This Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate production of the Powerful Drama.
THE GREAT
DIAMOND ROBBERY,
Plenty of strong character humor. Elaborate
- Scenic features. Magnificent effects.
PDIft^C Evenings ,10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, SOc
IfllVLw Matinees 10c, 15c, 25o
NEXT WEEK— "MEN AND "WOMEN."
BARGAIN Tft 1UV 25c and
MATINEE lU-UAl— SOc .
TO-1\1GHT, VI?"
MR. JAMES AND THE
IMF^Il I NEILA.
£ W Mmmd M Jw £W COMPANY.
Presenting
"THE ROYAL BOX."
• A GENUINE NOVELTY.
Evening ; 25c, 35c. 50c. 73c. $1.00
Saturday Matinee 25c. SOc, 75c
SUNDAY NIGHT. PUBLIC DEMAND,
BARBARA FREITCHIET.
SEATS READY.
BASEBALL,
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. LOS ANGELES.
TO-DAY AT 3:U P. M.
FRIDAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SATURDAY AT 3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P.M.
RECREATION PARK.
RECREATION PARK.
FIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOL/nCIlD Admission lOc.
- Irene Franklin. William Norden. Dutch Wal-
ton, The, Morgans, Maud Still, Joneo and
Brown, Ouhama, Seymour and Hill and Hin-
richs' unrivaled orchestra.
Reserved '¦ Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
tVtH MAT R ifM >
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
In Charlotte Thompson's New Play,
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
During Act 3 an entirely new, sensational
dance arranged by PROF. BOTHWEUi
BROWNE.
MATINEE SATURDAY. >*:£>?1
22 vaudevillFcelebrities
from home and abroad.
Chas. H. Bradshaw and Company, Re-
marc and Bilay, Hill and Silviany,
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kelcey, Sis-
son, Wallace and Company, Tha
Molasso-Salvaggi Troupe, Alex-
andra Dagmar, The Standard
Quartet and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
OLYMFIA c?£Mfoi.
THE ONLY. FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
* IN THE CITY.
ANNIE MORRIS,
Coon Shouter.
DILGES,
The Great French Aerialist.
KALACRAtUS,
The Famous Novelty Juggler.
IONE,
In Femes Plastiqtie.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPACT
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES^and ZOO'
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
special To-night i
THE AMATEURS
MINSTREL SHOW!
see" the funny amateurs.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
&JJNN1N6 AtfDjfARNE$S*ftACttlG.
feattlg anil jfjDr5e^nO
Pony
-"J Oair.y Contests.
&<$* Exhibits '^W,
fop Particulars WHtB
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Bo.
Bathing, including admission. 2jc. Children. 20cCURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium. 13V4c for light, 1 14V5c for
extra j light . and 16c for sugar-cured ; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13%c;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12; Family,
$12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $19; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb. . -• .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7@7Vic per lb for
Provisions.
•. Second ¦ Session — No sales. -"
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
1103%. . :¦ •' V ¦, : . ..'¦. ¦
BARLEY— The market shows no further
change. Trade is. light on the spot. Feed, 73%
Afternoon Session— December— 6000 ctls, $1 0314
. ; • CALL BOARD SALES. :
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December— 4000
ctls $1 03H- ' .
Chicago was^" unsettled, rising and J falling
back again. The. market opened with a better
feeling,* and 300,000 bushels were taken for ex
port, the market being active on cables and de
creasing receipts. Sellers predominated at, the
advance, however. Weakness succeeded, I and
the buying seemed exhausted, but . the market
again rallied. Fresh buying. Including Conti
nental orders, appeared and offerings were read
ily absorbed. • ¦ < ; • • . .
¦¦ In this market, futures were weakei\ but spot
prices . stood the same.
. Spot Wheat-»-Shipping, 97%<ps%c; milling,
$1@1 02V6 per ctl. • . . ...
but eenerally firm.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were Irregular,
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....... — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight..: — 4 88H
Sterling Cables .- — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight...... — \ 05.
New York Exchange, telegraphic — - 07>4
Sliver, '! pt-r ounce — 58H
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...'... 47 @ .4754
'Exchange and Bullion.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- . Sept. Dec.
Opening 5 9VJ: 5 11
Closing ;..5 9^i 5 11
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 22 60 . 23 55
Closing 22 70 23 65
Flour-
Opening 28 60 29 95
Closing « 28 75. 30 00
New- York Metal Market.
NEW TORK, Aug. 14.— Tin in London was
reduced £1 12s Id on spot and £1 17s 6d on
futures, due. it is said, to liquidation and
under a lack of support. The close was easy,
spot standing at £115 5s and futures at £111.
Locally a sympathetic decline took place, , but
trading was slow and the close quiet and easy
at $26 75@27 25. Locally copper was dull at
nominally unchanged prices on. the basis of
$16 50@17 for Lake Superior and $16 37%@lti 62V4
for casting and electrolytic. Prices at London
were as last quoted, but the undertone was
easy. Spot closed at £65 8s 9d and futures
at £65 17s 6d.
Lead was featureless at home and abroad
and unchanged. The London price was £11
13s 6d for spot and here $4 37H. Spelter was
nominally unchanged here at $3 90<g)3 95. Lon
don closed at £16 12s 6d.
Iron was inactive, but values were in buy
ers' favor at $9 50@10 , for plglron warrants.
No. 1 foundry. Northern. $15@15 50; No. 2 foun
dry. Southern. $14@14 50; No. 1 foundry, South
ern. '$14 75@15 25; No. 1 foundry, soft, $14 75ffS
15 25. . - ¦ . ¦¦ ¦
Glasgow warrants closed at 53a 9d and Mld
dlesboro at 46s.
New York Cotton Market.. -
NEW YORK. Aug. 14.— COTTON— Closed
quiet; steady; 2@12 points higher to 1 point
lower. ' . .
Boston Wool Market.
¦ BOSTON. Aug. 14.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter . will say to-morrow of . the
wool trade: The market Is active and strong.
An enormous business- has been transacted,
which has been more broadly distributed than
at any time this year.- The demand has been
from all classes of mills, large and small, the
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@10c for new Royals and
8@14o for standard- to fancy Moorparks; new
Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; sundrled, 3@3%c; new
Peaches, 5V£@7c for future delivery; Pears, 4©
8c; Plums, pitted, 3@5c; unpitted, .J(g>l^ic;-Nec
tarines. 4®4Vic for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— Can be bought from the Associa
tion on the basis of 3Uc for the four sizes. No
prices yet named for new crop. '¦
; RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
quotes the following prices: Bleached Thomp
son's fancy. 12c. per lb: choice, lie: standard,
10c; prime, ,9c: unbleached- Thompson's, 9c per
lb Sultanas— Fancy,'. 10%c per lb; choice, 9Hc;
standard; -8%c; prime," 8c; unbleached Sultanas,
8c; Seedless, BO-lb boxes, 6V4c: 4-crown. 7c; 3
crown, 6%c; I-crown «c; Pacific brand — "-crown,
6c: 3-crown. 5Vic, and 4-crown, 5%c; seeded
(Fresno prices), 6c; London Layers, 2-crown,
$1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2;
Dehesa. $2 50; Imperials, $3. All prices f. o. b.
at common shipping points In California. <
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. - 12@12l4c*
No. 2, 8@S%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10V4c; No. 2,
6V>@7^c; Almonds, 13@14c for paper-shell, 1O@
lie for softshell and 5®6c for hardshell ; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12Vic;
Filberts, 12@12'/4c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. • ¦ • '
HONEY— Comb, . U@12c for bright and 9@10c
for light amber; water white extracted, 5V4<g6c;
light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 4@4Uc
BEESWAX- 25@28c per lb. i .
There is no further news to report. . The de
mand for new fruit Is still active. '. '
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisir.s.
KEW YORK, Aug. 14.— Trading In stocks
to-day was spirited because commission houses
reported an increase in outside orders. Devel
opments over night did not shed much light on
either the crop or strike situation. Bull trad
ers resumed active operations. With the
course of the day there was a revival of in
terest of usually dormant stocks which gave
rlee to reports of pool-manipulation, especially
In the United States Leather issues. Current
rumors regarding the dividend status of St.
Paul made that stock the feature of the day
and its fluctuations governed the movement of
other etocks eloeely. Generally speaking, the
properties which were notably strong yester
day resumed their advance to-day, but the
average rise was not so pronounced. The great
bulk of the day's dealings were transacted dur
lns the forenoon when the high prices of the
day were made. London was again a buyer
of the general International list and short*
covered contracts la the grangers and Pacifies,
A wide opening wag looked for In St. Paul,
owing to the active inquiry for the stock in
London where it was two points -higher. The
first eales were 7000 shares at 162'4<5162% ' a
grain of 1V4. Opening advances otherwise were
mostly fractional, but a strong undertone pre
vailed and there was heavy buying In the ac
tive list. Traders met the rise with stock pur
chased at lower prices early In the week and
the beare were disposed to sell the market on
acount cf its pretty general steady lmprove
xrent since Monday's opening. These offerings
reduced and in some instances wiped out al
together the initial advances. -Sugar, which
had started off H4 Ijlerher, was depressed sharp
ly and the Steel etocks were rather heavy.
Prices soon worked upward again, however,
the trunk lines, grangers. Pacifies and coalers
being taken freely and establishing advances of
from' 1 to 2 points. St. Paul ran up 2% to
464% and -the preferred gained 35i. ' After mid
day the market worked slowly downward, 'but
there were occasional rallies which were In
a measure due to the timidity of the 6hort In
terest on indications of inside support to spe
cial etocks. The demand for stocks died pretty
well In. the late afternoon and the bears made
a successful raid against the market, depress
ing St. Paul two points rrom the highest and
putting the active list generally down a point
or over. In the final dealings buying to cover
eauved a general rise. St. Paul got back agaii:
to 164%. the hiirhest figure of the day, and the
entire market closed steady. The closing rally
hrousrht United States Steel common up to
44. Its best price, and the pref errea ' rose to
The bond market to-dajr was generally firm.
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 43,000 18 0C0
Wheat, bushels S65.000 . 105,000
Corn, bushels 137,000 C9.C00
Oats, bushels... 632,000 364,000
Rye, bushels ./. 12,000
Barley, bushels 3,000 11,000'
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14^<g21c; dairies
13%@18c. Cheese, steady, 9%@10%c. : Eggs
firm; fresh. 14@14^c.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister— Two light earthquake shocks this
morning; damage slight.
Hanford— Peaches and melon receipts large;
grapes move next week.
San Jose— Fog early morning; cooler weath
er; favorable for fruit.
Palermo— Sellers and clings being picked for
canneries; fig drying begun.
Ventura — Weather continues favorable to
crops of beans, corn and late beans.
Santa Maria— Foggy mornings; mild, pleas
ant days; beans steadily improving; large
acreage of grain still unthrpshed.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and firm: No. 3 spring wheat, 69H@73c; No. 2
red, 73@73%c; No. 2 corn, E8Vic; No. 2 yellow,
58%'?SS%e: No. 2 oats, 36%fg37c; No. 2 white,
3S%@39!£c; No. 3 white, 3S%@39c; No. 2 rye,
€0c; fair to choice malting barley, 57@61c; No.
1 flax seed, $1 64: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 66;
prime timothy seed, $5 65@5 75; mess pork, per
bbl, $14 10@14 15; lard, per 100 lbs, $8 70@8 77V4 :
short-rib sides (loose), $7 90@8 10; dry salted
shgulders (boxed). 7%@7V£c: .short clear sides
(boxed), $8 45@8 55; whisky, basis of high wines
$1 29; clever, contract grade. $10 25.
LONDON, Aug. 14.— Consols. 94 11-16; Silver,
26 13-16d ; • French rentes, lOOf 55c ; - wheat car
goes on passage, firm, not active: No. 1 Stand
ard California. 29b 9d; Walla Walla, 29s; Eng
lish country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Aug. 14.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California. 6s 1d@6s lV4d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Parish steady: French
country markets, quiet and steady ; weather in
Eneland. rain. - v ¦- • ¦
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d. '
Foreign Markets.
- ST. JOSEPH. Aug. 14.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
2245; steady.- Natives, $3 10@3 90: Texans and
Westerns. $2 $Z<5'> 75; cows and heifers, $1 25®
4 83; bulls and stags. *2(ff'4 65; stockers and
feeders. $:@4; veals. $2 75@5 25..
HOGS — Receipts, 6739; market steady to 5c
lower. Light and liRht mixed, $S 65(f?S; medium
and heavy, *5 75^6 15; pigs, $2 50@5 15; bulk
of fiales. $5 751c?6.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2573; market steady to 10c
lower; Iamb3. steady to weak; $5 25 for top.
ST. JOSEPH,
CHICAGO, Aug. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, 22,
000, Including 800 Texans; 1000 Westerns. Choice
steers, steady; others, slow; Westerns, steady.
Good to prime steers. $5 50@6 40; poor to me
dium, $4@5 30; stockers and feeders. $2 15@ 4 10;
cows. $2 5O<5?4 30; heifers. $2 25<5>5 20; canners,
U50@2 40; bulls. $2 25®4 25: calves, $3®6; Texas
fed steers. $2 50@4 90; Western steer3, $4 40®
5 05. , . .
HOGS— Receipts, 35,000; to-morrow, 28.000; left
over, 5000. Opened weak, closed stronger; top.
$6 20. Mixed and butchers,' $5 50®8 12H ; rood
to choice heavy, $5 60@6 20: rough heavy, $5 45
(f?5 55; light, $5 45@5 97^; bulk of sales, $5 80
@6. • •
SHEEP— Receipts. 22,000. Sheep and lambs,
choice, nearly steady: others, weak. Good to
choice wethprs. $5.60®4 20; fair to choice mixed,
$3 20©3 65; Western sheep. $3 WfH 25; yearlings,
$3 2T>®4 75; native lambs, $3@5 50; • Western
lambs, $4 20fp 50.
Eastern Livestock Markets.
APPLES— 75c@$l per box for good to choice
and 30<g60c for 'ordinary.
APRICOTS— 25@35c per small and 75c@$l per
larse box.
CRABAPPLES — 40@75c per box. according
to package. 1
PLUMS— 25@60c per box; Prunes, 40@73c per
crate; Green Gages, $17 E0@20 per ton; Egg
Plums, $20.
PEACHES— 25@60c per box and 20@30c per
basket and $15(825 per ton for Frees and $354} 45
for Clings; Peaches in carriers, 35@75c, accord
ing to size of carrier.
NECTARINES— White, ~- per box; Red, 60
PEARS— Bartletts, $1@1 25 rer box for No. 1,
25@75c for No. 2 and $30@35 per ton; other
Pears. 25<g35c per box.
, STRAWBERRIES— $4@6 per chest for Long
worths and $3 50@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3®5 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES — $5@G per chest.-
RASPBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
- HUCKLEBERRIES-6@Sc per lb.
FIGS— Black, 50c per box for single and %\
for double layers: White, 40®75c.
MELONS — Nutmegs, 30@75c per box; Canta
loupes, 60c@$l 25 per crate; "Watermelons, 6@
25c apiece. ¦ ¦*.•¦-¦ . .
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater. 50c
<3$1 per box and crate; Tokay, 75®90c per crate;
Muscat. 50@80c: Seedless. 65@90c; Black, 50@80c;
° C FRUITS— Oranges, i2®4; Lemons,
$1 25(52 25 for common and $2 50@3 50 - for good
to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$150; Mexican
Limes $7 50(g8; Bananas, $1(§ 1 2 per bunch; Pine
apples', $1 50@2 50 per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
Oranges are steady, Limes firm and Lemons
easy under better supplies, as already men
tioned.
A better feeling in good sound Peaches Is
reported, though soft and overripe fruit still
drags. Sound wrapped Bartlett Pears continue
firm. Plums In bulk are slower of sale, but
still bring good figures. Apples are weaker.
Melons and Grapes show no change worthy
of note. Both are in sufficient supply.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. >
WEDNESDAY, Aue. 14—2 p.m."
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
4a quar coup. .113 113H 4s qr cp (new). 137 138
4s quar reg. ..113 113Vb 3s quar coup.. 108^4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 53.106% — Oceanic SS 5S.101U103
Cal-st ts 117H — Omnibus C 6s. 131 —
C C Water 5s. 107*4 — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.l2SV2l33& Pk & Cl H 6s.lO9»i —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll7% — Pk & O R 6S.117' —
Geary-st 5s — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. 96 —
Do 5s — — S F & SJV 5s.i:0% —
Los Ang R os.116 — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6S.101U — S P of A 63
Do cntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112V1 — .
Do rntd 5s..lO21ilt>3ii (1910) 113^113^2
L A & Pac Ss.101 103 S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m as.102% — (1905), Ser A.109 110
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27^ — (1905). Ser B.110 —
. Do 1 c m 5s. — 124»i (1906) 112U —
Nev C NGTs.105 114 (1912> 121 —
Ncr Cal R 5s. 110 113 S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s UWi — c gntd 5s. ...107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01^10t S P Br Cal 6s.l36^i —
Do 5s 106 — S V Water 6s.ll4 —
Oak Gas 5s 112%— Do 4s 102%103
Do Trans 6s. — 11934 Do 4s 3ci mtsr.lOITi —
Do "Water 5s. — — Stktn Ga3 6s.. — —
. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 77 I Spring Valley. 84 84%
Marin County. 50 I
V , GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 5 iPac Light .. — —
Equitable 5 5%! Sacramento ... — :_
Mutual o%— S F G & E.... 38% 39
Oakland 51 — San Francisco. 4hi 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. — 33 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 I ,
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal — 81 L P & A ..155 160
California — 406 Mer Ex (liq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep..l07% — S F National.. 128 —
First Nat S F3C5 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ......1870 1900 Sav & Loan...— .-_
Humboldt — — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav.... 52 — Union Trust. .1600 —
San Francisco.520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130. 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio ...... — 40
Market 79U 79*4
POWDER. .,
Giant 76^77 IVIgorit 3 ly.
SUGAR.
Hana 6U 6^ Kilauea _ 13 -
Hawaiian — 51 Makawell riV,
Hcnokaa 15 15% Onomea 24 -»
Hutchinson ... 14 — . Paauhau ...... n« 15U
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 129 130 Oceanic S Co.. 43% 47
Cal Fruit Can. 95% 96 Pac Aux FA. 2 —
Cal "Wine Asn. — 100 Pac C Borax.. 165
Mer Ex... 110 — Par Paint 16 _
Morning Session.
Board—
23 Car Wine Association 93 Qg
25 Hutchinson S P Co 14 50
$1000 Oak.'and Water 5s 102 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 15 oc
50 Paauhau S P. Co ; 14 7<i
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90.. 39 co
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 59 12 ii
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 33 i2%i
$3000 S P of Arizona (1909) IP 37U
10 Spring Valley Water g4 60
< Street—
$15,000 N P C R R 5s 106 00
• 5 Onomea Sugar Co ; 23 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Calif 01 nla Fruit Canners .". gg co
20 Giant Powder Con :...; -.... 76 x*
50 Hutchinson S P Co 14 .>
225 Hutchinson S P Co ,, II 00
ISO Hutchinson S P Co 13 e-,,
10 Market Street Railway 79 50
10 Market Street Railway 79 5214
30 Market Street Railway 79 75
.150 Paauhau S P Co n -?
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, cash. ; 39 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 33 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 33 00
20 S F Ga3 & Electric Co 3$ g;i/
: 23 S F Gas & Electric Co as 75
170 S F Gas & Electric Co 33 «%
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Builders' Contracts.
Josephine S. Railton (wife of H E A 1
i°^huVrtT^ t^ & I ]e l £ Shetbley (contractor)'
architects Kidd & Anderson-All work except
plumbing gas. sewers, electrical work and
.H i A t »r««0L of Twenty - f ° u^. wts
1 Lizzie' Howard (owner) with Caspar Zwlerlein
w-43?; zrftSz&i. ™ " - £— •
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner) with \r v r«!»
(contractor), architect Nathan" Blatovfl r!
fSenf^cTb^^S^^:!
John J. Qulnn and Milton L. Schmitt to
n e^- Ho i lm ,t?' lot on NW Ilne of Pa ns street
loO SW of China avenue. SW 23 by NW 100*
block 13, Excelsior Homestead : $10.
Margaret E. (or Maggie) Bornemann (or Mar
garet E. Neary) and George Bornemann to
Salvatore Basso, lot on SW line of Norton
street. 273 NW of Mission. NW 25 by SW 10"
also lot on SW line of Norton street. 300 NW
of Mission. NW 25 by SW 100: also lot on SW
line of Harrington street. 275 NW of Mis
sion. NW 25 by SW 100. Academy Tract- $10 "
Rebecca L. Strub to Catherine McCarthy
(wife of Jeremiah), lot on W line of Columbia
avenue. 350 S of Preclta place. S 25 by W
110. Preclta Valley lot 161: »S75
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to P. N. and
Bertha Kroon, lot 8. block 2. subdivision L
Castro-street Addition; J10.
Girls Directory Orphan Asylum (a corpora
tion) and Girls Directory Orphan Asylum (un
incorporated association) to Bridget Mines lot
on S line of "Waller street. S E of Lott E 133.
SW 215. N 52:6, NE to beginning; $10.*
Josepha Muller to Joseph Muller. lots 94 ana
95 In block bounded by Tobln. Vlsltaclon. Pea
body and Talbert streets, Ben Franklin Home
stead: $10.
Lucie N. Dlttman (wife of Emll) to Virginia
M. and Augustus Nlppert (both single), lot on
W line of Third avenue. 225 S of California
street South (Deeth). S 23 by W 120; CO.
W. Ford and Sarah J. Thomas to Gilbert H.
Cunningham, lot on E line of Ninth avenue
225 N of C street. N 50 by E 120; $10
Oscar R. McGee and William N. CanfleTd
to Theresa Bauer (wife of Adolpb, C.) lot on
W line of Ninth avenue, 275 S of H street S
23 by W 120; $10.
Potrero Land Improvement Company to John
and Catherine Bowes, lot on W line of Minne
sota street. 175 N of Twenty-second (Sierra)
N 23 by W 100; grant.
Estate Edward H. Nohrden (minor) (by
Anna M. Nohrden. guardian) to same, undi
vided one-slxjh Interest in same; $566.
Anna and Ida Nohrden and Amelia H. Peter
sen to H. H. Sengatacken. lot on NW line of
Bryant street, 133 NE of Ninth, XE 24 by NW
90: $10.
Reuben Clark and James George (by John
Lackmann, Sheriff), to Ivan Treadwell, lot on
NW line of Minna street, 57:8 SW of Mary
SW 40 by NW 80; $ .
Clayton B. Wilson to- Marie C. Brown (wife
of George W.. lot on NW line of Welsh street
SO NE of Fourth, NE 30 by NW 80; J10.
Margaret Douglas to Mary E. Lux (wife of
A. L.). lot on W line of Powell street, 137:8
S of Bush, S 25 by W 77:8: gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Alice
Manning (wife of John M.). lot on NW corner
of Twenty-sixth and Diamond streets. W 80
by N 114; JSOO.
first. N 23 by E 90; also lot on E line
of Seventeenth avenue. 225 N of I street, N 50
by E 130; $10.
Karl and Julia Clundt to Hannah T. "Weit
ner, lot on S line of Henry street. 105 E of No«
E 40 by S 115; $10.
Robert W.. Alfred P.. Joseph, Leo P. and
Elizabeth C. Hampton. Ellen Martin. Mary A.
Wilbert and Kate Lawrence to Hampton Es
tate Company (a corporation), lot on N line
of Twenty-fourth street, 10O E of Shotwell.
E 22:6 by N 112; also lot on NW corner of
Mason and O'Farrell streets, N 30 by W 80;
also lot on E line of Valencia street. 126 N of
Rachel G. and William J. Gerrard to Rebec
ca L. Strub and Anna E. Sweet, lot on N line
of Union street. 112:6 W of Pierce. W 25 by
N 110; $10.
Frank E. Benjamin to Minnie E. Bellanl
(wife of John L.), lot on S line of Clay street,
125 W of Spruce. W 25 by S 127 :S%; $10.
John A. and Frederick R. Driokhouse to
Mary Drinkhouse. lot on E line of Steiner
street, 85:6 S of Green, S 52 by E 137:6; $10.
Maria and John Engisch. to Hulda Sliver, lot
on S line of Fell street. 107:6 E of Buchanan.
E 27:6 by S 120; $10.
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to George J.
and Rosa Hans, lot on W line of Larkin.
street, 77:8Vi S of Pacific. S 25 by W 112; $10.
SEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Quotations for Butter, Cheese and Eggs seem
established for the moment, and show no
change. Stocks of all descriptions, while not
large are sufficient for the demand.
Receipts were 29,900 pounds of Butter, 800
cases of Eggs, 24,000 pounds of California
CheeFe and pounds- of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 23©24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy. ' 16@2Oc; store
Butter. i2%@15c per lb.
•CHEESE— New, 10@llc; old, nominal: Young
Americas. ll@ll%c per lb: Eastern. 13^150.
EGGS— Ranch. 21@24c for good to fancy;
store. 15@19c per dozen; Eastern, 15@19c
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over "Wash
ington and Northern Oregon. The Arizona
depression now overlies Northeastern Califor
nia ard Southern Oregon. Except in the Sierra
the depression has thus far been accompanied
by but little rain. Conditions continue un
lavorable. however, for settled fair weather.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, August 15:
Northern California— Cloudy unsettled weath
er Thursday; possibly light showers; light
eouthwest winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; light
southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday: poesbily light
thunderrtonns in the mountains; light south
erly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy unsettled
weather Thursday; light southwest winds.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The following were elected directors of the
Security Savings Bank on the 12th: William
Al\-ord; R. H. Pease. H. H. Hewlett. William
.Babcock. S. L. Abbott Jr., E. J. McCutchen
Adam Grant, Winfleld S. Jones, O. D. Baldwin.
The officers are Winfleld S. Jones, president;
William Babcock. vice president: S. L. Abbott
Jr., secretary.
At the annual meeting of the German Sav
ings and Loan Society on the 12th the old
board of directors was re-elected as follows:
B. A. Becker, Daniel Meyer, H. Horstmann,
Ign. Stelnhart. Emil Rohte, Henry B. Russ,
David N. Walters, Nicholas Ohlandt, John
Lloyd. The board re-elected the old officers
as follows: President, B. A. Becker; cashier,
A. H. R. Schmidt; secretary, George Tourny.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric was lower
again at $3a@3S 62% and Hutchtnson declined
to $13 87%. The Hutchinson will pay a divi
dend of 12%c on the 20th.
Gas and Electric recovered some of the lost
ground on the morning session, selling at $39@
39 12%. The susar stocks were weak. Paauhau
selling down to $14 73 and Hutchlnson to
$14 50. There was no particular change In
the oil stocks.
GAME — Doves, per dozen, nominal; Hare, $1
m 25;. Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontail and
$1 for Brush.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, S@9c for Gobblers
and 9@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1@1 25:
Goslings. $1 12%@1 37% ; Ducks, $2 50<33 for old
and $3@4 for young; Hens, $3 50@4: young
Roosters, $5<?6; old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fry
ers, $4; Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $:
®2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 50® 1 75 per dozen
for old and $1 25@1 £0 for Squabs.
Poultry showed no particular change. Two
cars of Ear.tern came in, making four for the
weak.
The Game Warden seized the Doves that
cams in yesterday on the technical point that
they were in sacks instead of being loose.
This new -Dove law has bewildered dealers,
and they are considerably at sea over it.
Poultry and Game.
CHICAGO, Aug. 14.— Higher cables gave
wheat monetary strength at the opening, but
this feeling was quickly displaced by a de
cided break in prices occasioned by the weak
ness in corn and realizing by traders. Con
siderable long stuff came on the market, but
support appeared lacking, commission houses
being the most active buyers. September
opened 9»'g%c to %@lc higher at 74%@74%c, but
heavy selling on the part of the locals soon
brought the price down to 72%c. The close was
steady and %@%c lower at 73c.'
Under the influence of higher prices for
wheat, corn opened strong. The advance was
not so marked as in wheat and on the first
sign of weakness In the latter heavy quantities
of the yellow cereal were dumped on the mar
ket and prices declined. Seotember closed %c
lower at 53(f 59%c.
Oats fluctuated within a narrow range and
weakened with corn. September closed %o
lower at 36%c.
Provisions opened practically unchanged but
the market soon developed weakness on heavy
receipts of hogs. The decline in grains was
also a bear factor. September pork at a loss
of 5c. lard 5c lower and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 14.
Flour, qr sks 9,284iHides, No 112
Wheat, ctls 1,230 Pelts, bdls 3,725
Barley, ctls 5,050 ! Straw, tons 8
Oats, ctls 400jHay, tons 330
Corn, ctls 780 Wool, bags 174
Tallow, ctls 224 Middlings, sks... 185
Wine, gals 16,000 Bran, sks 417-
Sugar, ctls 1. 625 Onions, sk3 811
Quicksilver, flsks 58 Potatoes, sks 5,277
Leather, rolls 501 Beans, sks 930
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%@2c; String
Beans. l@Zc; Limas. 3@5c: Cabbage, 33@40c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the River, in large
boxes, 50(g85c; Dried , Peppers, 12<jn8c; Green
Okra, 4C@75c per box; Carrots, 25@35cper sack;
Cucumbers. Bay, 15@30c; Pickles, lVi@l%c per
lb for small and lc for large; Garlic. 2@3c;
Green Peppers. 25® 10c per box for Chile and 23®
60c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@50c per box; Green
Corn, 25gS5c per sack, Alameda, 75c@$l per
crate; Berkeley, 50(S65c; Summer Squash, larga
boxes, 25@3Cc; New Marrowfat Squash, $15@20
per ton. ,
ONIONS— Yellow. 80c@$l per ctl; Pickled On
ions, 50@60c per sack.
POTATOES— $1 15@1 40 in sacks and $1 10®
1 60 in boxes for Burbanks, $1@1 15 for Garnet
Chiles and 85c@$l for Early Rose: Salinas Bur
banks, $1 25@1 50; Sweets, l%@2c per lb for
new and 75c per ss&ck for old Merced. -
Potatoes advanced in the face of receipts of
5277 sks, the demand for shipment being sharp.
Onions were also firm.
Tomatoes sold higher, as- almost none came
in. Peppers and Egg Plant continued in ex
cessive supply and weak. Corn did better
again.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
A further slight advance In Pink Beans is
reported. The demand for shipment continues.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 60@2 75; Small White. $4 83
@5: Large White. $3 75@4 10; Pink, $2 35@2 45;
Red, $3@3 73; B!ack«?ye. « 50; Limas, $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 75@3; Canary, ZV*(ri
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 1%@
2*4; Hemp, 3!$c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. b 0. 38 73
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. b 10 *» «
Street— k . . 191 •»
$1000 Market St Ry 1st con os cash...... 1-4 ->
$5000 S P of C 6s (1905. series A) a »....«» »»
$1000 S P of C 6a (1905. series A) I™ *»
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board- . _
800 Cala-Standard ¦•- «
1000 Junction £•
90 Monarch of Arizona «
100 Monarch of Arizona **
100 Monte Cristo J w
600 Peerless, b 90 • *?
410 Peerless » .0
200 Senator '. } \2
100 Twenty-Eight * »
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Cala-Standard 23
700 Junction J?
120i» Junction 1*
600 Lion 0»
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the »San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Con Cal & Va..l 93 290 Utah 07
100 Confidence 135 500 Yellow Jacket. 32
4C0 Sierra Nevada. IS
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 06 100 Ophir 82
.200 Best & Belcher 13 500 Sierra Nevada. 15
200 Challenge 35 100 Sierra Nevada. 13
600 Chollar 05 500 Yellow Jacket. 34
100 Con Cal & Va..l 90
Following were' the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 04 300 Crown Point... 19
700 Andes 03 200 Ophir 83
1000 Challenge Con.. 3S 200 Potosl 08
200 Chollar 06 500 Savage 0»
50 Con Cal & V...2 00 400 Sierra Nevada. 1*
300 Con Cal & V.I 97% ! 12C0 Utah .^ 07
150 Con Cal & V...1 9>l
Afternoon Session.
6C0 Andes 03i 200 Crown Point... 10
200 Best & Belcher 13 200 Ophir ;. 82
200 Challenge Con.. 35 100 Sierra Nevada. 13
500 Con Cal & V.I 92% 200 Yellow Jacket." 35
730 Con Cal & V...1 90 400 Yellow Jacket. 34
100 Confidence 135 200 Yellow Jacket. 33
"CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Aug. 14—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Aslc
Alpha 03 04 Justice 00 «r
Alta 03 03 Kentuck 02 C4
Andes C3 04 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 05 07 Mexican 14 V,
Best & Belcher 13 14 Occidental C2 d
Bullion 01 03 Ophir 82 S.1
Caledonia 30 32 Overman 10 11
Challenge Con.. 34 35 Potosi C5 («
Chollar 03 C6 Savage 08 0)
Confidence 130 135 Scorpion — Cl
Con Cal & Va..l 90 1 93 Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — 02 Sierra Nevada. 14 13
Con New York. — 01i Silver Hill 33 37
Crown Point... CS 03: St Louia. 06 —
Eureka Con 10 — Standard :. — 3 R-".
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — 07
Gould & Curry. 15 17 Union Con 13 14
Hale & Norcrs. 23 23 Utah C5 07
Julia — 02 i Yellow Jacket. 32 S3
CALL CALENDAR.
August. 1901.
S. M. T. W. T. F. S. Moon's Phases.
¦ T At. ~T (ft August 6.
¦*&¦ Last Quarter.
11 12 13 14 15 IS 17 New Moon.
-«k August 21,
'i — J!_ J!L JL _f. 2L -^ First Quarter.
23 I 26 27 2S 2D • 30 31 /CN August 23.
— t — . \£) Full Moon.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13=: Pearl Oil, in cases. 19c; Astral, 19c; Star.
19s; F.Jtra Star, 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodcrlred stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c:
S6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Susar Refining Com
pany quotes, per pound, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.40c; Pow
dered, 5.25c; Candy Granulated, 5.25c; Dry
Granulated. 5.15c; Confectioners' A. 5.i5c; Fruit
Granulated, 5.15c; Beet Granulated. 5.05c; Mag
nolia A, 4.75c; Extra C. 4.65c; Golden C. 4.55c;
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more; boxes,
60c more; SO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels. 5.65c; boxes, 5.90c per lb.
LUCOL— Is now quoted at 72%c per gallon for
raw and 74c for boiled In barrels; cases, 5c
more.
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 22; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
84c; raw, 82c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 8ac; China
N-ut, 65@72c per gallon ; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 67%c: cases, -72%c: Sperm, pure, 60c;
AVhale Oil. natural white, 40@45c per gallon:
Fish Oil, in barrels, 37%c; cases. 42%c.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $3; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 43
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7%$8c:
local make. %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
32@35c, Fleece, Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5 1 /*©
6c for cotton and 8 1 / 4©S%c for jute.
General Merchandise.
DRIED FRUITS..
EVAPORATED APPLES— Spot goods in the
market for evaporated apples remain quite
firm at fully sustained prices. Demand is fair
and holders are inclined to ask higher rates
for desirable quality. State, common to good,
5@7c; prime, 7%(38c; choice, 8@8%c; fancy, 8%
frac.
California dried fruits ruled quiet but steady
at unchanged prices.
PRUNES— 3%<37c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%(513c; Moorpark. 8@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled. 6@9%c.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,500 barrels; exports, 8362 barrels. Shade eas
ier, but not quotably. lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 99,900 bushels; exports,
104,138 bushels.. Spot— Was weak. No. 2 red.
79%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 78%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 81%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth, 89%c f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions—After opening firm on higher cables,
were weakened decidedly by liquidation, smal
ler seaboard : clearances than usual, foreign
selling and increased, country offerings. Closed
weak at %®%c net lower. September, 78%&
79%c, closed 7S%c: October, 78 ll-16@80c. closed
7S'/$c; December, S0V4@81%c, closed 80%c.
HIDKS— Firm*
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, quiet; No. 7 involce.
5%c; mild, dull; Cordova, S@ll%c. Futures—
Clcsad steady and net unchanged to 5 points
higher. Sales included: September, $4 So; Oc
tober, $4 SO; November, $4 S5; December, $5 05®
5 10; January, $5 15; March, $5 30S5 35; May,
$5 45.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and easy: fair refining,
3 9-16c; centrifueal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses
sugar. 3 3-16c. Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7000 packages; firm.
State dairy, 14© 19c; creamery, 16(§20%c; June
packed factory, 15@15%c; imitation creamery,
H£17%c.
EGGS— Receipts. 5300 packages; firm. West
ern candled. 13@16%c; Western" uncandled, 10
@15c.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 14—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. £8; Slount Tamalpais, 78; Independ
ence. 82; Red Bluff. 98; fresno. 104; Los An
reles, 78; Sacramento. 88; San Luis Obispo. 64;
San Diego. 82.
San Francisco data.: Maximum temperature,
I'.'; minimum, 50: mean, 54.
Weather Report.
but business continued In large volume. Total
sales, par value, $2,015,000. ¦
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LI8T.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 27,400 75V4 74 74>£
Atchison Dfd 4,000 96 95% 95Vi
Baltimore & Ohio 600 100 98 98\
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 200 93U 93 92V4
Canadian Pacific 8,400 113'i 111% 112»4
Canada Southern 300 7OV4 70 69%
Chesapeake & Ohio L900 46% 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton 800 37ft 37>4 37^i
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 600 77% .76% 77%
Chgo, Ird & Louis L700 36 35 .35 -
Chgo. Ind & Louis pfd.. 300 71 70>4 70
Chgo & Eastern 111 122
Chgo & Great Western. 2.000 22% 22 22V&
Chgo & G W A pfd 81U
Chgo & G W B pfd 46%
Chgo & Northwestern... 100 194 194 192
Chgo, R I & Pacific LOOO 140 138% 138%
Chgo Term & Trans 800 18?i 18% 18U
Chgo Term & T pfd.... 300 37% 37% 37%
C C C & St Louis 600 91 90 89
Colorado Southern 200 13% 13% 13%
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 200 53 63 52%
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 300 22% 22V4 22V«
Delaware & Hudson 500 161% 160% 160%
Del. Lack & Western 224
Denver & Rio Grande... 300 42% 41% 41%
Denver iRG pfd 1.600 92^ 91 , 91
Erie 17,800 3S 37^4 37%
Erie 1st pfd.... ; 6,800 66V4 65% 65V>
Erie 2d pfd 400 50% 50% SOU
I Great Northern pfd 800 180 178% ISO
Hocking Valley 100 ?2% £2% 52%
Hocking Valley pfd 400 75% 75% ....
Illinois Central 500 144% 144V4 144
Iowa Central ;.. 600 39% 39% 39
Iowa Central pfd 100 74 74 73%
Lake Erie & Western 59
Lake Erie & West pfd 122
Louirville & Nashville.. 15.600 103% 102% 1O3V4
Manhattan Elevated ... 3,900 117% 117 117%
Metropolitan St Ry 1,300 167% 166% 166
Mexican Central .... 200 24% 24 24%
Mexican National 1,100 10% 10'^ 10H
Minn & St Louis 1.300 109% 10S 108%
Misscuri Pacific 5,900 1C2 100% 101%
Mo, ICans & Texas 100 26% 26% 26%
Mo, Kans & Tex pfd.... 600 54% 53% 53%
New Jersey Central 159
New York Central 10.200 155 153\; 1£4
Norfolk & Western 1,200 63% 52% £3%
Norfolk & Western pfd 87
Northern Pacific pfd 100
Ontario & Western 13.800 33% 33 33H
Pennsylvania S00 145% 144% 144%
P C C & St Louis 70-
Reading 5,600 42% 41% 41%
Reading 1st pfd 800 77% 77% 77V'>
Reading 2d pfd 400 52U KVi 52%
St Louis & San Fran... 400- 33% 39% 39',-i
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 7S
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.: 300 68 67% 67%
St Louis Southwestern.. 400 29 29 28% !
St Louis Southwstn pfd 7C0 63 62% 62
St Paul 72,600 164% 162 164%
St Paul pfd 700 1£6% 1S4% 185
Southern Pacific 61.200 56% 55V*, 55%
Southern Railway 13,400 30% 29% 29
Southern Railway pfd.. 1,500 85% 85 S4U
Texas & Pacific 3,000 42% 41>4 41%
Toledo St L & Western 100 20 20 21
Toledo, St L & W pfd.. 100 34U 34<i 33Vi I
Union Pacific 41.600 98% 96% 98%
Union Pacific pfd 1.300 89% 8S% 83%
Wabash 1.100 21% 21»i 21%
Wabash pfd 6.500 39% 3S% 31%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 18
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 29
Witconsin Central 200 21 21
Express Companies-
Adams 170
American 193
United States S7
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper ... 7,600 113% 112% 112%
American Car & Fndry 6C0 23% 23% 29
Amer Car & Fndry pfd. 200 S4U S4H M
American Linseed Oil 22
Amer Linked Oil pfd. 100 62% 62% 60U
Amer Smelting & Rfng. 1,400 51% 61% 51%
Am SmeHg: & Rfng pfd 400 100% 100 100%
American Tobacco 1.000 135% 134 ISaVi.
Anaconda Mining Co.... l.W) 44V4 44>i - 44V;
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 1,700 75% 74% 7»%
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 600 S6Vi 95U 95% i
Consolidated Gas 7.JO0 224% 220% 220% |
Continental Tobacco 2.600 (57% 66% 67% i
Continental Tobacco pfd fOO I16>4 116 115% •
General Electric 500 257 235 252
Glurose Sugar 55% '
Hocking Coal 19% |
International Paper 1,700 24 23V4 23
International Paper pfd 300 77% 77% 77% i
International Power.... 700 92 91% 92
Laclede Gas 87
National . Biscuit .• 43**
National Lead 20 :
National Salt 100 43 43 42
National Salt pfd 75
North American 500 98% SS% 97%
Pacific Coast ' 67
Pacific Mail 100 39% 33% 3Wi
Peopled Gas 11,400 111% HOVi 110%
Pressed Steel Car 40
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 83
Pullman Palace Car 216V-
Republic Steel 1,500 20% 20 19%
Republic Steel pfd 500 75 74^ 74
SuKar 14,500 132 130% 131%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 1,000 62 61% 61% i
Union Bag & Paper Co. 400 16% 16 15 j
Union Bag & Paper pfd 71%
United States Leather... 13.800 14 13V4 13%
U S Leather pfd 15.600 S2 S0% Sl%
TTnited States Rubber 18
. I* S Rubber pfd 56-
United States Steel 24.100 44 43% 43%
. United States Steel pfd. 13.200 93% 92% 92%
Western Union 3.C00 93% S2% 93
Shares sold 461,000
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 23 reg...-107% N Y Cent lsts 104%
Do coup 107% N J Cent sen 53. .129
Do 3s reg lO&Vi N Pac 2s 72
Do 3s coup 108V4 Do 4s 104%
Do new 4s reg....l37 N Y C & .St L 4s.lO7%
Do new 4s coup.. 137 Nor & W con 4s.... 102
Do old 4s reg...H3 Or Nav lsts 110
Do old 4s coup. .113 Do 4s 102%
Do 5s reg 107% O S Line 6s 125
Do 5s coup 107% Do con 5s 118%
. Dlst of C 3.65e....l24 Reading Gen 4s.... 95
Atch gen 4s 104 R G W lsts 101%
Do adjt 4s 97V4 S L & I M con 5s.ll6%
Canada So 2ds 109 S L & S F Ge'n 6s.l25
C & O 4%s 107 St Paul con .181
, Do 5s 120 St P C & P l6ts..H3%
. C & N con 75 135% Do 5s 116%
1 Do S F D«b 5s. .122 So Pac 4s 92
Chicago Term 4s.. 94% So Ry 5s llfi
i Colo So 4s 87% Standard R & T 6s 57%
- D & R G 4s 102Vi Tex & Pac lsts.... 118%
, Erie Gen 4s 85% Do 2ds 98%
' Ft W & D C lsts.. 104 U P 4s 104%
Gen Elec 5s 200 Wabash lsts 118
i Iowa Cent lsts ...115 Do 2ds 110>4
.' L & N Uni 4s. 101H West Shore 4s ....112 I i
t M K & T 2ds. 81 Wls Cent 4s 87%
Do 4s 98 Va Centuries .:.... 94U
f t NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
» Adams Con ...'...:.. 25 Little Chief 13
Alice 45 Ontario 8 25
e Breece ...1 49Ophir 80
t Brunswick Con lO^Phoenlx '. 08
. Comstock Tunnel... 6%|Potosl .: 03
e Con Cal & Va 1 90,Savage 03
r Deadwood Terra .. 65 Sierra. Nevada 25
i Horn Silver 1 75 1 Small Hopes 50
. Iron Silver 63 Standard 3 25
Leadvllle Con 061. -
I BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
£ Money — Union Pacific ...... 9714
e Call'loans 3 @4 Wtst End 95%
_ Time loans 4%@5 Bonds-
Stocks— ,- Atchison 4s ....... ..102
. A T & St Fe '. 74V4 N E Gas & C 5s... 52%
3 Do prefd 95% Mining Shares—
a Amer Sugar 131 Adventure .' 24
. Amer Tel 161% Bingham Min Co.. 40%
3 Boston & Albany. 1% Amsl Copper ...i.. 113
. Boston L il79 Atlantic 35
I,. Boston & Maine... 192% Calumet & Hecla..71O
Dominion Coal 38 Centennial 27%
. Do prefd ' 116 Franklin 17
.' US Steel 43% Humboldt 23
a Do prefd 92% Osceola 97
,f Fltchburg prefd ..145 Parrott 50
o Gen Electric 255 Quincy ;.170
. Mexican Cent 25<T Santa Fe Copper. 6
t Michigan Tel 24- Tamarack 344 ¦
„ Old Colony 5% Utah Mining 28%
Old Dominion ....208 Wlnona .....: 2>£
;" Rubber 23% Wolverines .... 63
«. London Market.
t NEW TORK, Aug. 14.— The Commercial Ad
r vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
II The stock market Is still very slack, but firm.
e American - shares were far - from brisk, but
J, were confident from- the very start. London.
0 for once, led the way, feeling that the worst
is now known; New York seemed to be arix
1, lous to check the speed of the advance, but we
"Beyond crop and labor trouble* there Is lit
tle to eay. The money market is in easy con
dition and likely to remain 60 until crop and
trade requirements begin to be felt. The de
yr.and on speculative account is limited and
liquidation has undoubtedly helped to swell the
liar.k reserves. There is some talk of gold
exports, which, however, cannot be very heavy
¦with the outward movement or cotton and grain
close at hand. We are already shipping heavy
quantities of wheat to tneet foreign require
ments. Gold from the Klondike has been com
ing in considerable quantities, and the African
mines will soon, be resuming operations • on a
scale of increasing consequence. There is no
reason <or anxiety concerning the future. The
market is resting from a period of excessive
epeculaticn and prices are settling down to
more normal conditions. Quotations were in
many cases unreasonably high, and if they
are allowed to drift to a still lower basis it
will only make the subsequent recovery the
more substantial."
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says
Conditions in Wall Street.
Condition of the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury balances show:
Available cash balance, $174,303,523; gold, $105,
046,760. .
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6!4c;
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders. ; sows, 20 per
cent off. boars 60 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations; dressed
Hcgs. 7%@9%c.
LAMB — S@9c per pound.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7g8c; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
There is- no further change In anything.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
BEEF— €@6>4c for Steers and 5®5%c per lb for
cows/
San Francisco Meat Market.
CHICAGO. Aue. 14.— The Earl Com
pany sold frifit to-day: Pears— Bartletts.
boxes, $1 60Q.2 35, average $2 19; half boxes,
$1 20<5'l 25, average $1 22. Plums — Kel
eey Japan, single crates. S5c6?$l 25, average
$1 06; Yellow Egg, single crates, average $1 15.
Prunes— German, $1 25@1 50. average $1 41 sin
gle crates; Gros, $1 05@l 36. average $1 25 sin
gle crates: Hunsrarian. average $1 35 single
crates: Silver, average $1 single crates. Grapea
— Malaga, 90c@$2 16, average $1 51 single
crates; Clusters, average $2 55 single crates;
Tokays, $1 95<Ji2 30, average $2 25 single crates.
Twelve cars, fruit sold . to-day.
Car from Sacramento: Nectarines — "White.
Jl 70^1 75. average $1 73, single crates. Prunes—
Gros, $1 lOfil 45. avernge $134: Fellenberg, $180
Sf\ 90, average $188; Italian, $1 80W1 85. average
$1 S3, single crates; Stiver, average $1 15, sin
grle crates. Six hundred and ninety-six pack
ages grossed $1030.
Car from Vacaville: Pears— Bartletts, $2 15®
2 SO, average $2 17, '"boxes. Peaches—Susque
hanna. 80c(i?$l, average 97c, boxes; Orange
Cing. 75<f?90c, average 85c, boxes; Lemon Cling,
fio!ff85c, average 71c, boxes. Grapes — Tokay, $1 50
©2 30. a%'eraee $1 Cl. single crates. Plums — Kel
sey Japan. 75c@$l 20, average 81c. single crates.
Prunes— Gros, average $1 25, single crates; Sil
ver, average 85c, single crates. Eight hundred
and eighty-one packages grossed $1090.
Car from Sacramento: Peaches — Crawford,
average 90c box; Late Crawford, 95c@$l, aver
age 97c box; Rose, average 65c box. Plums—
Kelsey Japan, average 80c single crate; Japan,
95c@'$l 10, average 96c single crate; Yellow Egg,
average $1 25 single crate; Bradshaw, 45@60c,
average 51c single crate. Nectarines — Average
90c single crate. Prunes— Gros, $1 25@1 65, av
erage $1 45 single crate; Italian, $1 45@1 75, av
erage $1 71 single crate. Pears— Bartletts, $2 05
@2 40, average $2 19 box; Seckles, average $170
half box. Gross sales, $1200.
CHICAGO. Aug. 14.— Porter Bros. Company
sales California fruit. Car from Suisun: Pears
—Bartletts. $2@2 25, average $2 19 box. Gross
sales, $1050.
Car from Suisun: Pears— Bartletts, average
$2 15 box. Gross pales, $1030.
Car from Winters: Pears— Bartletts, $2 05®
2 20, average ?2 14 box.
Car from Armona: Pears— Bartletts, $1 75©
2 20. average $2, boxes. Peaches — Susquehanna,
65(J?90c, average S2c, boxes. Prunes— Hungarian,
average $1 15. single crates. Seven hundred and
forty packages grossed $955.
Car from Vacaville: Pears— Bartletts, $1 95@
2 25, ' average $2 17, boxes. Peaches — Susque
hanna, 80(3 95c, average 8«c, boxes; Elberta.
average $1 C5. boxes. Plums— Kelsey Japan,
average 50c. single crates. Grapes— Muscat,
average $1 35. single crates. . Gross sale. $1060.
Car from Vacaville: Peaches— Crawford, 90c
@$1 05, average 98c box; Susquehanna, 80c@$l 15,
average 96c box ; Elberta. average $1 13 box ;
Lemon Cling, average $1 15 box. Plums— Kelsey
Japan, average $1 single crate; Yellow Egg,
85c©$l 15, average 94c single crate: Robe de
Sargent, 85c@$l 15, average $110 single crate;
Duke, average $2 05 single crate. Prunes—Hun
garian, average $1 40 single crate; Gros, aver
age $1 20 single crate. Pears— Bartletts, $2 55®
2 89, average $2 76 box. Grapes— Tokay, $1 55<g)
2 10, average $1 91 single crate. Gross sales,
$1255.
Car from Sacramento: Prunes — Gros, aver
age $1 50 single crates; Italian, $1 60<gl SO, aver
age $1 70 single crates; Fellenberg, $1 65@1 70,
average $1 69 single crates. Pears— Bartletts,
$2 05i@2 65. average $2 38 boxes; Beaurre Clair
geau, average $2 25 boxes. Gross sale, $1230. ¦
Car from Hookston: Prunes— Gros, $1 15©
1 30, average $1 21 single crates. Pears—Bart
letts, $2 40<g2 55, average $2 45 boxes; - haif
boxes, average $1 15. Gross sale, $1155.
Car' fiom Hookston: Prunes— Gros, $1@1 15,
average $1 05 single^crates; Silver, average $i
single crates. PluTi-.s— Yellow Egg, average
90c 3ingle crates. Pears — Bartletts, $1 05@l 25,
average $1 17 half-boxes. Gross sales, $1050.
Porter Bros. Company's sales of California
fruit— Car from Vacaville: ¦ Peaches— Crawford.
85@50c, average 87c box; Susquehanna, 75@95c,
average S4c box. Plums— Yellow Egg, 80@95c,
average S3c single crates; Keisey Japan, 80®
85c, av<*-asre 81c single • crate. . Prunes— Gros,
average $1 45 . single crate; Silver, average $1
single crate. Pears— Bartlett, $2@2 65, aver
age $2 54 box; half box, average $1 60. Grapes
—Tokays, $2 15© 2 30, average $2 23 single crate.
Gross sales, $960.
Car from Sacramento: ¦ Prunes— Gros. $125®
155, average $144 single crates; Silver, 90c<&
$120 single crates; Italian, $155(5)165, average
$1 63 single crates. Pears— Bartlett, $1 90@2 85,
average $2 57 boxes. Grapes — Tramina, aver
age $1 10. Gross sale, $1265.
Car from Hpokston: Prunes— Gros, $120®
1 25, average $1 21 single crates. Pears—Bart
lfctts, $2 50(82 75, average $2 52 boxes; half
boxes, average $1 20. Gross sale, $1170.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— The Earl Fruit Com- 1
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day:
Pears— Bartletts, boxes, $1 80@3 90. average
$2 60; I half boxes, $1 30©l 50, average $1 43.
Peaches— Crawford, boxes, 55c@$l 30, average
86c; Susquehanna, boxes, 70@90c, average 81c;
Elbertaa, boxes, 90c@$l 30, average ?1 07.
Grapes— Tokay, single crates, $19502 15, aver
age $2; Malaga, single crates, average $185.
Plums— Yellow . Ess. single crates, $1 05@l 15,
average $1 11; Eureka, single crates, average
$1 35; Lemon "Plums, single crates, 70c@$l 05,
average $1 03. Prunes — Sargent, single crates,
$1 10® 1 S5, averaee $1 16; Hungarian, single
crates, $1 30@l 35, average $1 33; Italian single
crates, average $1 70; Imperial, single crates,
85c@$l 10, average $1; Silver, single crates,
average $1 20; Tragedy, single crates, 90c@$l 15,
averase ?1 10.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— Money on call steady,
2U@2% per cent; last loan, 2% per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent; sterling ex
change easier, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S7?i@ v 4 87% for demand and $4 S5%<S)
$4 85% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S6-5!
4 S6H and $4 S8%@4 89; commercial bills, $4 84'>
@4 85; bar sliver, 58%c; Mexican dollars 45c]
Government bonds, steady; State bonds/ in
active; railroad firm.
Nezv York Money Market.
Twenty-three cars of Hay were offered on
the tracks. Prices were unchanged. .
Feedstuff s ' were quoted very strong, with
light stocks, and an advance in Bran and
Middlings is not unlikely. ¦
BRAN— $19@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20(521 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26: jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, «7<§!18; Corn Meal, $32<s?
33; Cracked Corn, $32 50@33 50; Mixed Feed. $17
HAY — Wheat. $7@9 50; choice, $10@10 50;
Wheat and Oat. $6 50@9; Oat, $6@8 50; Barley
and Oat. $6@8; Alfalfa, $3 50@10 50; Clover, $5 50
@7: Volunteer. $4 50@5 50.
STRAW— 25@42> / ic per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50; usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon,' $2 E0@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75<g3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25:
extra cream do. $i; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
*4®4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $8 50@8: Pearl Barley, 15; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Silver and Exchange as before.
Wheat and Barley quiet. Corn and Rye dull.
Rather more call for Oats.
Hay steady. Bran and Middlings very firm.
I Beans still wanted for shipping.
I Potatoes again advanced. Onions firm.
Vegetable market generally well supplied.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Nothing new in Fresh or Dried Fruits.
Provisions firm and unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. * !
LONDON Aug. 14.— Anaconda, 9H; Canadian
Pacific, 114^8; Southern Pacific, 57%; Northern
Pacific preferred, 99; Atchison. 76%; D. & R
G.. 43%; do preferred. 94; Union Pacific. 100%.
Bar silver, steady, 26 15-16d per ounce. Money,
VA per cent. .
CLOSING.
continued to buy on a narrow market, causing
prices to close at the best.
• SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand sell
.about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c: Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip 16c; Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and Brands, 13c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool. 30@50c each; medium, 50@75c; long
"Wool. 80c<S$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 bO<&
2 75 for large and $2@2 23 for medium, $1 50®
1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskin3—Sum
mer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c;
winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c. T
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@4%c per lb;
choice, 5c; No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino. 14(S13^c: do Lambs', lie per lb;
Middle County, defective, 8@lCc; Southern,
free, 7 months, 7ffil0c; do, defective. 7 months,
7<g8c; Oregon "Valley, fine. 14fi:i5c: do. medium
and coarse. HS13c: Oregon. Eastern, choice. 11
<313c; do, fair to good, 9@llc; Nevada. 10@llUc
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%(ft9c.
HOPS— 13@20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The season In Montana is rapidly drawing to
a close and by next week most of the Mon
tana buyers will have reached home. It Is
estimated that hardly more than 5 per cent
of the clip of that State has been consigned,
the great bulk' of it having been purchased
outright. All the other States and Territories
have likewise been pretty well cleaned up.
The sales for the week in Boston amounted to
11,345,000 pounds domestic and • 1,390,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 12.935.000 pounds,
against a total of 6,760,000 pounds for- the pre
vious week and a total of 2,237,800 pounds for
the corresponding week last year.
former taking on "some -good sized blocks of
wool, notably of Oregon wools, the aggregate
transactions in which are' claimed' to amount to
about 5,000,000 pounds. ~: It Is known that some
large deals are now pending on spot wools and
wools to arrive, which . will very likely result
In continued large sales for- a few week.' to
come." On foreign wools some large transac
tlons'are likelyto materialize. at any. time.
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c; 10-lb tins, .HUc; 5-lb tins. U%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels,' 914c: one tierce. 9%c; two tlercea.
9c; five tierces, S?6c per lb.
. CALL BOARD SALES. ., ¦'
Informal Session — 9:15 o" clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 4000 , ctls, 72%c.
OATS — Some dealers reported rather more de
mand, while others continue to quote a dull
market. Quotable at 90cffi$l 02% for Black and
97%c®$l 15 per ctl for Red. .
. CORN— Was easier on the Government weekly
report, which said that late Corn showed an
Improvement, the weather being more ravor
able as a rule. The bulls were abandoning their
lines and the market weakened. It looked as if
the market would have to go to a shipping
basis, and Indeed one exporting house reported
a sale of 10 loads for this account.
This market was nominal and -unchanged,
""lall round Yellow, $175: Eastern Yellow,
$162%@165; White, ?1 70@l 75 per ctl; Mixed,
$1 oOSx'l 55.
RYE— 75@77i.Sc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None In first hands.
@75cfor choice bright, 72%c-for No. 1 and 70c
for off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades,
77^@85c; Chevalier, nominal. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
SPECIAL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
s^s^inr^^d^r^^ «»*
8
California Fruit Sales.
• Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 74% 74% 72% 73
December • 76% 76% 75 75%
May 80% 80% 78% 78ft
Corn No. 2—
September 60W, 6CU 68% 69%
December 62% 62% 60% • 61%
May 64% 64% 62% 63%
Oats No. 2—
September 37 37% 36% 36%
December 38 ' 38% 37% 37%
May 40% 40% 39% 40
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 14 22% . 14 22% 14 07% 14 15
January 15 50 15 60 15 40 15 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 8 77% 8 77% 8 70 8 75
October 8 85 8 85 8 77% 8 82%
January 8 S5 8 85 8 82% 8 87%
Short Ribs, rer ICO lbs—
September 8 05 8 07% 8 CO 8 Co
October 8 12% 8 17% 8 10 8 15
January ..., '....8 00 8 05 7 90- 7 97%
*
CTATION8.
:i:3
o
-|
is
to
*• o
1
j
c
•5*
Hollister 72
Hanford 99
Saa Joee 86
Riverside 91
Palermo 88
Ventura 74
Santa Maria 78
54
€2
E7
62
53
€2
57
W
Fogrg-y , .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
00
00
Pt Cldy .00
THE COAST RECORD
= a s a 2 !?
STATIONS. 1 Plff.il Hi ft'
7 : a : 3 E 3 S : ?
Artoria 29.54 S4 ES SW Clear !o
Baker 29.76 S4 62 NW Clear .0
Carson 2J.S4 90 S2 W Clear .0
Eureka 23.90 5S 52 SW Cloudy .0
Fresno 29.76 104 64 N\V Clear .0
Flagstaff 2S.96 76 60 E ' Cloudy .16
Pocatello. Idaho.. .29. 85 94 54 S Pt.Cldy .0
Independence .. ..29.78 S2 76 .. Pt.Cldy .CS
Los Angeles 29. SS 90 64 SW Clear .0
Ph<jen!x 29.70 104 78 W Pt.Cldy .0
Portland 29.80 94 62 NW Clear .0
Red Bluff 2S.76 9S 66 SE Clear .0
Roseburg 29.74 96 60 NW Cloudy .0
Sacramento 29. SO 80 56 SW Clear .0
Salt Lake 29.88 92 68 SE" Clear , .0
Kan Francisco 29.90 60 50 W Clear .0
San Luis ObIspo..29.S2 S4 54 W Clear .0
San Diego 29.86 72 66 NW Cloudy .0
Seattle 29.60 S6 5S XW Clear .0
Spokane £».«« 96 56 XE Clear .0
Neah Bay 29192 CS 54 E Clear .0
tValla Walla 29.78 100 64 N Clear .0
"VVjnnemucca 29.78 S4 52 SW Cloudy .0
Tuna 29.70 104 SO W Pt.Cldy .0
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
*
CTATION8.
:i:3
o
-|
is
to
*• o
1
j
c
•5*
Hollister 72
Hanford 99
Saa Joee 86
Riverside 91
Palermo 88
Ventura 74
Santa Maria 78
54
€2
E7
62
53
€2
57
W
Fogrg-y , .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Clear .00
00
00
Pt Cldy .00
• Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 74% 74% 72% 73
December • 76% 76% 75 75%
May 80% 80% 78% 78ft
Corn No. 2—
September 60W, 6CU 68% 69%
December 62% 62% 60% • 61%
May 64% 64% 62% 63%
Oats No. 2—
September 37 37% 36% 36%
December 38 ' 38% 37% 37%
May 40% 40% 39% 40
Mess Pork, per bbl —
September 14 22% . 14 22% 14 07% 14 15
January 15 50 15 60 15 40 15 45
Lard, per 100 lbs —
September 8 77% 8 77% 8 70 8 75
October 8 85 8 85 8 77% 8 82%
January 8 S5 8 85 8 82% 8 87%
Short Ribs, rer ICO lbs—
September 8 05 8 07% 8 CO 8 Co
October 8 12% 8 17% 8 10 8 15
January ..., '....8 00 8 05 7 90- 7 97%
THE COAST RECORD
= a s a 2 !?
STATIONS. 1 Plff.il Hi ft'
7 : a : 3 E 3 S : ?
Artoria 29.54 S4 ES SW Clear !o
Baker 29.76 S4 62 NW Clear .0
Carson 2J.S4 90 S2 W Clear .0
Eureka 23.90 5S 52 SW Cloudy .0
Fresno 29.76 104 64 N\V Clear .0
Flagstaff 2S.96 76 60 E ' Cloudy .16
Pocatello. Idaho.. .29. 85 94 54 S Pt.Cldy .0
Independence .. ..29.78 S2 76 .. Pt.Cldy .CS
Los Angeles 29. SS 90 64 SW Clear .0
Ph<jen!x 29.70 104 78 W Pt.Cldy .0
Portland 29.80 94 62 NW Clear .0
Red Bluff 2S.76 9S 66 SE Clear .0
Roseburg 29.74 96 60 NW Cloudy .0
Sacramento 29. SO 80 56 SW Clear .0
Salt Lake 29.88 92 68 SE" Clear , .0
Kan Francisco 29.90 60 50 W Clear .0
San Luis ObIspo..29.S2 S4 54 W Clear .0
San Diego 29.86 72 66 NW Cloudy .0
Seattle 29.60 S6 5S XW Clear .0
Spokane £».«« 96 56 XE Clear .0
Neah Bay 29192 CS 54 E Clear .0
tValla Walla 29.78 100 64 N Clear .0
"VVjnnemucca 29.78 S4 52 SW Cloudy .0
Tuna 29.70 104 SO W Pt.Cldy .0
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
AUCTIONJALES
T0=DAY,THURSDAY,Ang.l5.
I Will Seiy About „--.,,
THIRTY STANDARD-BRED TROTTING
HORSES FROM THE FAMOUS PALO
ALTO STOCK FARM,
Comprising sons and daughter of^moor D«-
ter Prince. Mendocino. WiWnut ana*iu £
of grandly bred speed producing *?""' S 1^-
ers and sisters to El Kami. 3.14. Local -.19%.
Oeste. 2:20%; Mary Osborne «iLi s i nff . a hand-
well broken, young and very P™?™ j£d t rot-
somer lot of fine roadsters "* Puregalt e<l tro
ters has never been offered a * f u f™°^ Send
city. Horses at Salesyard. August 12in-
for catalogue. M^_ CTT , -r^rr^FTAVGE
OCCIDENTAL HORSE BXCI^^ 1 iJ d
, street, near lniru.
,21 Howard "^^ Auct loneer.
WILLIAM BUTTBRFIELD,
Auctioneer. Phelan building *****£*&. S1 £
will sell this day (Thursday). Aug. lo. 1901 at
cir^pUirthe^n^reTew^^^^ing;
and Careets.Continued From Page Five.
CITY FRONT FEDERATION SCORNS
Carr will return to Honolulu by the
loth proximo, when he will arrange trans
portation service for four . years begin
ning, next year. He will go from here to
New York to look into the seaport mail
service on the American line, preliminary
to instituting a similar service on the
Oceanic line between San Francisco -and
Honolulu, under which a postal clerk will
be aboard each steamer.
The Postmasters throughout the isl
ands, besides the native Hawaiians and
the Americans who were there before the
American regime was installed, include
English, German, Portuguese and other
nationalities. None of the ninety or 100
postoffices on the islands has had to call
on the United States for employes of any
kind.
WASHINGTON, Aue. 14.— G. ¦W. Carr.
assistant superintendent in charge of the
railway mail service in Hawaii, was In
conference with Acting Postmaster Gen
eral Shallenberger to-day. He says tTie
volume of the mails in Hawaii has in :
creased fully 100 per cent since the Amer
ican regime began. Save for himself, two
inspectors and three clerks from San
Francisco, the entire Hawaiian postal
system is administered by resident offi
cials and employes.
Arrangements to Be Made
for an Improved Sea
Service.
Immense Increase, in
Business Since the
• Annexation. ,
HAWAIIAN MAILS
GROW HEAVIER
The annual expenditure of the Mexican
Federal Government to-day is three times
what It was thirty years ago. •
The account against the Government
forms the basis of a suit now pending be
fore the Court, of Claims at Washington.
The suit was Drought In John Allman's
name, as the contracts on which it rests
were made with him. Richard Allman
says that he was a partner with his
brother in the staging business and is en
titled to one-half the profits from it. No
answer hag, jet been made on behalf of
JohnAllman's heirs. ¦ • -¦
. The claim, filed to-day is for a half In
terest in the sum of $21,660, said to be due
him and his brother from the United
States Government. on old mall contracts,
dating back to the stage coach era. All
man also, asks for half of what interest
may be allowed on the claim when it is
finally adjusted. * - - *
Allroan's first claim against his brother
was for $45,000, which he accused him of
having withheld from him for nearly forty
years. This amount was the principal and
Interest of the proceeds of a land sale
made in 1864. > -^ ,
Additional claims filed by Richard All
man against the estate of his brother,- the
late John Allman, the former" star route"
proprietor, raise the amount alleged to be
due him to $56,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
CLAIMS FORTUNE
OF HIS BROTHER
Miss- Dagmar leaves for Los Angeles on
Friday, and Richard Jose, the great con
tra-tenor, will take her< place.
"Mrs. Dane's Defence." at the Columbia,
continues to draw large and interested
houses to the theater. . Miss Margaret
Anglin's Mrs. Dane is a conception »hat
will live long in the memory of local Play
goers, and Charles Richman's splendid
work in support of Miss Anglln will not
be easily forgotten. The engagement is
altogether one of the most notable of this
or any season in the history of the house.
Miss Hilda Spong, the star of the Dan
Frohman Company that will follow "Mrs.
Dane's Defence," has arrived In San
Francisco in company with the rest of tpe
Frohman organization. Miss Spong is
said to be possessed of much personal
beauty and dramatic talent. The com
pany will present "Lady Huntworth s Ex
periment," a new play, by R. C. Carton.
The third week of the grand opera sea
son at the Tlvoll, with "La Favorlta' and
"Otello" for programme, is marked by the
best performances of the season so far.
Agostini has created a furor with his
work In "La Favorita." and the new tenor
is expected to do great things during the
season. Salassa excels himself as Iago in
"Otello." and both operas are admirably
directed by Mr. Steindorff. Montanari has
made a reasonably favorable impression
as Desdemona. but will certafnly do bet
ter work in other parts of her repertoire.
To-night "La Favorlta" will be repeated,
and the interest in the .tuneful old opera
seems fully to equal that taken in the
great Verdi opera that is the alternating
bill. Next week the chief feature of the
whole season, Bolto's "Meflstofele." will
be put on, opening on Tuesday evening,
with Dado, Agostini and Montanari in the
principal parts. The management has
spread itself : on the production, which
should prove— If it were possible — a great
er attraction than any so far on the bill.
Rossini's delightful "Barber of Seville"
will be given on the alternate nights.
Lunette, the maid of the air. Is still chief
attraction of the good bill of the Chutes
. The Olympla !s offering a spfendld pro
gramme this week. To-morrow night th«
regular amateur performance will be
given.
At Fischer's Concert-house this week's
list of entertainers includes Irene Frank
lin, cornetist: Maud Still, the clever sou
brette; the Morgans, sketch artists: Wil
liam Norden, lyric tenor; Dutch Walton,
musical comedian: Ouhama. the Japanese
juggler; Seymour and Hill, acrobatic
comedians, - and Jones and Brown, col
ored funmakers. Hinrichs* orchestra al
ways discourses delightful music.
and Zoo, and to-night's special amateur
feature Includes a screamingly funny
minstrel show, according to amateur con
ceptions of how It should be done.
. TWO STARS WHO MADE THEIR FIRST APPEARANCE OF THE SEA
SON AT LOCAL PLAYHOUSES THIS WEEK AND A 'QUARTET OF
DANCERS WHO PROVED CLEVER.
Dominico Morelli.
NAPLES, Aug. 14.— Dominico Morelli,
the . painter, , is dead.
Incendiary Starts a Big Fire.
' CHIPLEY, Fla., Aug. ' 14.— An ¦: incen
diary fire , to-day, destroyed a large part
of this town. The loss is $100,000.
Mrs. F. A. Bridgman.
PARIS. Aug. 14.-Mrs. F. 1 A.- Bridgman,
wife of the American artist, is dead.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso
"ciation was presented Tuesday night with
a handsomely framed oil painting of. Po
lice Sergeant Steve Bunner, who for the
last five years has been president of the
organization. The association has decid
ed to celebrate Admission day at Santa
Barbara. . : •;•.'.''•:
Veteran Volunteer Firemen.
John G. E. Marr.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 14.— John G. E. Marr,
a veteran of the Civil War, aged 56 years,
dropped dead on the street here this even
ing. '
CROCKETT, Aug. 14.— Trouble is" ex
pected . to- occur on the water front here
to-morrow.f The stevedores will strike,
and it is expected that. the. warehousemen
in the McNear and Epplnger warehouses
will follow their action. J. D. Pierce, a
union organizer, came up from San Fran
clsco to-day and was in conference with
the men. It is believed an effort will 'be
made to tie up all shipping and in antici
pation of trouble twelve. Deputy- Sheriffs
arrived to-night from Port Costa and ten
others were sworn in here.
Trouble Feared, at Crockett.
WALLACE, Aug. 14.— E. A. 'Earl, a pio
neer resident of Amador County, died at
his home in Lancha Plana yesterday, aged
89 years. Earl came to this State I'vom
Massachusetts in the early fifties.
E. A. Earl.
j_ c. Corea, a commission merchant at
212 Washington street, was arrested yes
terday by Deputy L. N. Kercheval of the
Fish Commission for having in his pos
session more tlian fifty doves. Corea sent
word to the commission that he. had more
birds for sale than are allowed by the
came laws passed at the last session of
the Legislature. It is stated that the com
mission merchants have determined to
test the validity of the law, and Corea's
case will furnish material for the fight.
To Test Game Laws.
Sensational disclosures are foreshadow
ed In the papers filed in ¦ the I contest .of
the will of the late Miss Eleanor H.More,"
which is set for trial October 22. Judge
Van R. Paterson appeared before Judge
Melvln this morning and announced that
he would have his witnesses here from
Santa Barbara on that date..:.
The principal piece, of property Involved
Is the island of Santa Rosa, in the Santa
Barbara channel. r . '. ¦ '¦ ¦"
The suit is the latest of many legal bat
tles : which have embroiled' the' members
of the' More family, for half a century.
The heritage of dissension was . handed
down from \ the original holders of >the
princely estate in the Sespe Mountain re
gion. Most of the property, formerly ag
gregating r millions in value, has gone to
pay lawyers' fees. •.
Eleanor- More's- share of ¦ the depleted
family holdings was estimated at . about
$75,000/ When : she died about eighteen
months- aeo in Iowa it was found that
sho'- had willed the bulk of this to her
brother,. John^F. More, and P. W. Wat
son, referred .to in * the -will simply as her,
friend. .The 'sisters • were 'cut , off ..with
hardly, a dollar and are now pressing
charges of undue; influence and prejudice
against the .fortunate legatees. "Judge
¦Paterson l represents the' proponents of
the 'Will ' and ,T. M. Osmond and Cm A.
Stork will - appear .; for the contestants,
Mrs. E.M.'Miller. and Mrs. M. Baldwin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
A solemn mass was celebrated in St.
Ignatius Church yesterday morning fqr
the special benefit of the students of St.
Ignatius College, who. began their school
term yesterday. The sacred edifice was
crowded with young men, who devoutly
prayed for strength and health to pursue
their studies. The Rev. J. P. Frieden,
president of the college, said the maes,
and the Rev. Father Woods, S. J., deliv
ered a short address to the assemblage.
He dwelt- on the Importance of paying
strict heed to the instructors and called
attention to the importance of gaining all
the knowledge possible in youth. ;
Students Attend Mass.
SAN PEDRO, , Aug. 14.— From present
Indications the shipping at all Los An
geles ports will be tied up^within a day
or two. Business Agent Freeman of the
San Pedro Federation, the strongest or
ganization \n the south, visited Redondo
and Santa Monica to-day for the purpose
of organizing the longshoremen and oth
ers Interested in shipping affairs, and It Is
said his efforts in that direction were
highly successful. — ,_ .
Freeman recently held a conference
with Andrew Furuseth . of the Pacific
.Coast Seamen's Union, who is manager
of the San Francisco strike, and? accord-
Ing to all reports of the conference, it was
determined that he should call out the
San Pedro Federation whenever it was
deemed- necessary to help the striking
unions. of the bay in their fight.
Tied Up by Strike.
Shipping in Southern Ports May Be
MAY BEACH LOS ANGELES.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 14.— The Navy De
partment has received a cablegram ' an
nouncing the death at the Yokohama hos
pital of Commander Frederick M. Wise.
He died of heart disease and had onlv
been sick a few days. Commander Wise
was in command of the old Monocacy
when that/ ship was fired upon by the
Taku forts in the early stages of the Chi
nese trouble.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Aug. 14.-A
board for the examination of appointees
in the army will convene at Fort'Leav
enworth at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.
A class of eighteen, all ex-officers -of vol
unteers, will present themselves, among
whom are Lieutenant John C. Murphy,
Twentieth . Kansas; Captain Frank M.
Rumbald, Thirty-second "Volunteers of
Kansas City; Lieutenant OrvilleR. Perry,
Fortyfourth Volunteers. Two civilians
Albln W. Clark of St. Louis and Walter
H. Rodney, son of Colonel Rodney, com
manding- Fort Riley, have also been or
dered before the board.
Volunteers Ask for Commissions.
John Brady, employed as a dishwasher
In the City and County Hospital, ran into
a lamppost at the corner of Twenty-third
and Folsom streets while drunk Tuesday
night and received a bad scalp ¦wound.
Half-dazed by the injury to his head and
believing that he had been attacked by
footpads, he loudly screamed for help and
begged his imaginary assailants not to
kill him. Policeman Thomas Murrln. who
was attracted by Brady's yells, had him
removed to the hospital, where, after hav
ing the wound dressed, he was put to bed
to sober off.
j Mistook a Lamppost for a Bobber.
MONTGOMERY. Ala.. Aug. 14.— In tSe
constitutional convention to-day the mo
tion of Lor.g to strike out the clause pro
viding for the suspension of Sheriffs
pending Impeachment proceedings was
adopted. ¦
No Suspension for the Sheriffs.
PROVIDENCE. R. I.. Aug. 14.— Johnny
•^elson beat Will Stlnso© in the twenty
f.ve-mile paced bicycle race at the Coli
seum to-night. Time 27:57 2-5. Nelson
covered the ten miles in 14:54 4-5. breaking
Champion's world's record of 15:06 1-5,
rr.sde Jast night.
Nelson Breaks a Record.
The English liders did better work to
day. Jack Green won the first heat of the
one-mile 2:20 class professional, and get
ting a place in the semi-finals won the
right to compete In the grand semi-final
to-morrow. Besides Green. Bower and
Newkirk of Chicago' and Otta Maya of
Erie have qualified in this event.
BUFFALO, Aug. 14.— There was only
one final at the grand circuit meeting of
the National Cycling Association at the
Pan-American Stadium track to-day. It
¦was the half-mile amateur and was won
by P. W. Brown of Pittsburg. The weed
fng out process for the grand semi-finals
and finals to-morrow brought out some
good contests and some surprises, espe
cially in the Pan-American circuit cham
pionship. The fight for the money in this
event has narrowed down to Kramer,
Fisher, Lawson and Owen Kimble. Tom
Cooper of Detroit failed to get a place in
the first trial heat. .
Brown "Wins a Final.
MOUNT LOWE OBSERVATORY, Aug.
24. — Encke'B periodic comet was well seen
this morning at 3 hours <5 minutes. Its
position was right ascension 6 hours 58
minutes north, declination 30 degrees 24
minutes, motion rapid, ovite large but
faint and was not visible without a tele
scope. Its motion is toward the south
east.
Eacke's Comet Reappears.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 14.— Owing to in
creasing Eastern Interests which demand
his entire attention W. A, Kelsey, for the
past year and a. half general manager of
the Los Ang-eles Evening Express, has re
tirefl, and Samuel T. Clover, late editor
of the Chicago. Post, has been elected di
rector and general manager to Bucceed
him.
Sam T. Clover a California!!.
Three other men appeared" about the
same time and made a report of about the
same character. They state they were
thrown on a southbound freight train
after being roughly handled. One of the
men gave his name as Alfred Nordstrom,
says that he Is a union sailor and that he
was paid off yesterday on his arrival on
a schooner from tha north. He was walk
•ing around town when he was. set upon
and beaten and then taken to the head
quarters of the strikers and held prisoner
until near midnight.. He was robbed of
$38 and some valuable papers— his dis
charge from his ship and his certificate as
an able seaman. His fellow companions
In misery were a bricklayer, who refused
to give his name, and a young man whose
appearance Is that of a clerk. Both tell
the same story of their being held prison
ers and shipped- out on a freight train.
All the men state this is a nightly occur
rence in San Francisco. Four men'were
brought to San Jose yesterday by the
constable of Mayfield, who* says they es
caped from a car at Palo Alto, and they
tell almost 'an identical story.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 14.— William Gleason,
a laborer, whose home Is in Stockton, is
at the police station in a pitiable condi
tion. His face is lacerated and swollen
ant. his scalp cut open. One eye Is closed
and his body is black and blue. He claims
that yesterday afternoon he was walking
alon? Fourth street In San Francisco,
going toward the Southern Pacific depot,
when he was set upon by a crowd, of fif
teen or twenty men and knocked down
several times. He was then, according. to
his story, hustled into a room in the rear
of ths teamsters' headquarters on Fourth
street, a few doors from Townsend, and
there kept a prisoner with a number of
other men until 1 o'clock this morning.
He was then taken to the railroad yards,
robbed of his money— $6— and thrown Into
a boxcap^of a train just ready to start.
"When he reached this city his cries
brought assistance.
Jose Officers.
Laborers Tell Strange Tales to San
SHIPPED OUT IN BOXCARS.
manager of the Montana Ore Purchasing
Company and minority stockholder In the
Boston and Montana, to prevent the
Amalgamated Company continuing in
control of the Boston and Montana, was
to-day transferred by Judge Clancy of
the District Court of this district to the
United States Court.
Mining Suit Is Transferred.
BUTTE, Mont, Aug. 14.— The suit of
John Maginnis, vice president and general
Banks is the latest victim. He claims
to have lost a gold watch and chain. This,
he eays, is the most serious theft to date,
but that a system of petty sneak thieving
has been flourishing at the college for
some time, and he, for one, proposes to
have it stopped at any cost. .
Students are in the habit of changing
their street clothes before going into the
dissecting room. They are provided with
lockers for their books, instruments,
anatomical specimens and other impedi
menta. These lockers are also used as
clothes closets. They are under lock and
key. It is from the pockets of street
clothes left in the lockers that the mys
terious sneak thief has been reaping a
harvest. .
Banks says he locked up his coat and
vest at 10 o'clock yesterday morning. He
had occasion to" go to the locker only
once during the day. He left the door
unlocked for a few minutes, and during
that interval a fellow student, at his
(Banks') request, took some wrapping
paper from the locker. Banks returned
later and locked the door.
When Banks at 5 o'clock resumed hia
street apparel he discovered the loss of
his watch and chain. They are both
quite valuable, and after maklne fruit
less search and inquiry about the college
he decided, in view of the previous pecu
lations, to call in the assistance of the
police. ' . ' . _,
The watch is gold, open-faced and
rather small. On the chain, whteh is also
gold, is a moss agate pendant. The agate
is chipped on the lower side. Banks values
them very highly, and the police are al
ready at work trying to recover the spoil
and "discover the thief.
"William H. Banks, a student attending
Cooper Medical College and residing at 968
Valencia street, yesterday called on the
police for assistance in running down a
thief who, he says, has been plying his
trade for some time past at the Sacra
mento institution.
Student Banks, the Latest Victim,
Calls on the Police to Run
Down the Thief.
CHARGES HEIRS
WITH TRICKERY
¦ The*Orpheum has been packed to its ut
most capacity at every, performance this
week, the present programme being un
usually strong. Charles H. Bradshaw an.1
his clever associates in "Fix in a Fix"
and Mr. and Mrs. Alfred. Kelcy in "Uncle
Phineas" present two exceptionally
bright sketches. Remarc and Rilay, the
European grotesques: Hill and Sllviany.
the sensational bicyclists: the Standard
Quartet, the wonderful Molasso-Salvaggl
troupe, Alexandra Dagmar, the^stunning
singer, and the biograph complete the bill.
Mr. Frawley's offering of the week at
the Grand Opera-house, Henry Arthur
Jones' brilliant comedy of manners, "The
Liars," is proving a popular blllwlth pa
trons of the house. E. j. Morgan nowhere
does better work than here as Edward
Faulkner, and he Is the one admirably
effective figure of the cast. Mr. Frawley
assumes the Sir Christopher Deering role
without, brilliance but .respectably, and
Mary Van Buren's Lady Jessica is reas
onably good. "Brother Officers" is next
week's bill. •
The Central Theater has an attractive
bill In "The Great Diamond Robbery,"
which is a pronounced success from the
melodramatic and box office standpoint.
Next week Annette Marshall, the new
leading woman, will make her first ap
pearance before a San Franolseo audience
in "Men and Women,", in which she will
play the role of Agnes Rodman. Miss
Marshall is credited witn possessing un
usual emotional qualities and is an actress
who has rapidly come to the front. "Men
and Women" is to be strongly cast and
elaborately mounted. ¦ ¦•¦ . ..
The Alcazar has decided to continue
Miss Charlotte . Thompson's new play,
"Silver-Mounted Harness," Into ne*t
week in accordance with the large de
mand for seats that the Interest, in the
play has created.- The flower dance sym
bolic of the play, that is the feature of
the third act, is an original and beautiful
effect, and has been lavishly applauded
on each presentation. "Romeo and Ju
liet" will follow.
THE ROYAL BOX" Is proving the
most successful offering the Neill
company has presented during the
present engagement, at the'Cali
fornia.. Large audiences have thus
far been the rule atevery performance of
this charming r.ovelty, and Mr. Neill has
secured a firmer hold upon the affections
of local theatergoers than ever before by
his adequate portrayal of the leading role.
He is ably assisted by Edythe Chapman,
who is always good in any part assigned
to her. Next week, however, Is Miss
Chapman's great opportunity to shine,
when "Barbara Frietchie" Is to be repeat
ed, beginning Sunday night. The advance
sale will open this morning.
Any boy whose heart and lungs are good
would stake his chances on a golden halo
rather than miss a circtis like this. Nor
is he alone, for you will find his elders in
the street Jam parade morning, squeezing
and scolding, living the boy over again,
just to see the heavy elephants meekly
"follow their leader," watch the caged wild
creatures with their keepers and laugh
at the clowns and slow moving donkeys.
This is the brand of parade that reaches
all classes and makes merry with the dig
nity of business and personal conceit.
Not much. He is simply "playing pos
sum," that's all. The poster boards have
told him Ringling Bros." big circus will
be here soon and he Is cunningly paving
the way for parental consideration on
that day.
If the small boy of the family is extra
polite these days and says "Yes, sir," and
"Please, ma'am," do not be deceived and
think he has had a change of heart and
from now on will be all the Sunday school
book prescribes.
With. Performing Animals
"Will Soon Be Here.
Ringling Brothers' Big Tent Show
MYSTERIOUS THEFTS
ATT COOPER COLLEGE
Prominent Winemaker a Suicide.
NEW YORK, Aug. 14.— Charles W. Fer
clot, 66 years of age, shot himself in the
head at his home In this city and died at
an early hour to-day. He came to this
country from Franc© and for many years
was Identified with the grape-growing and
wine-making industries, being at one time
largely interested in vineyards on Lake
Erie. Ferciot had been despondent of late
on account of ill health.
CIBCTJS IS COMING AND ..
THE SMAIiL BOY IS GOOD
After the ceremony Farmer Ross will
take his bride to Santa Rosa, where the
honeymoon will be spent and then will
come the realities of life on the Occidental
farm.
at once. She demanded to be wooed be
fore she was won. Ross declared his
willingness and now, after a protracted
period of sweet nothings, the wedding
bell will ring out for the happy couple.
To-morrow at 2:45 o'clock Lizzie Hamil
ton and Lewis M. Ross will join hands at
the Ames residence and the Rev., Dr. Wil
son will unite them.
YOTJNG WOMAN "WHO WILL
BECOME THE BRIDE QF A
LONESOME RANCHER.
OAKLAND, Aug. 14.— Lewis M.
Ross, farmer, of Occidental, Cal.,
is an enterprising up-to-date sen
tleman. Last March Mr. Koss
decided it was not well for him
to live alone, and acting up to his ad
vanced ideas* he put an advertisement in
the columns of this paper making known
his sad plight and his sincere desire to
alter his unhappy position.
Mr. Ross' petition appeared in the per
sonal column of The Call on March 24
last and read as follows:
FARMER of 40 (Protestant), small means,
good home, desires acquaintance of a lady
(widow with one child preferred): object
matrimony. L. II. ROSS, Occidental," Cal.
The farmer's appeal reached the eye and
touched the heart of many ladles, who
at once took their pens in hand, jotted
down a catalogued description of their
charms and then possessing their souls
in patience waited for the message that
would make an exchange of photographs
not only desirable but necessary.
More than two hundred comforting mis
sives reached the Sonoma County farmer
in answer to his advertisement. He gave
to them all his earnest attention and'
finally, after much mature consideration,
decided upon Lizzie A. Hamilton, who for
the last few years has been in the employ
of Mrs. Ames of 909 Linden street, Oak
land.
Lizzie's letter pleased the advertising
farmer, and when in the due course of
time, after the proper exchange of refer
ences, he met her It was, as far as Ross
was concerned, a clear case of orange
blossoms and frosted fruit cake.
The lady, however, did not capitulate
The tramp whaleback steamer Royalist
is tied up in the stream awaiting the ar
rival of a Chinese crew. The Orientals
were expected on the City of Peking.
The steam schooner National City Is
tied up alongside the Peru at Howard
street wharf No. 3. ¦ and a gang of non
union hands is transferring her cargo of
railroad ties from her decks into the big
liner. An attempt was made by the union
pickets to reach the non-union workmen,
but it was unsuccessful. ,
The Haddon Hall is tied up in the
stream. Captain Pritchard sent his crew
over to Sausalito to unload his brother's
vessel, the Glenesslin, of her ballast and
to put in the stiffening. ' Both these ves
sels will be loaded- with ..wheat, which is
being brought down daily from Port Cos
ta in barges.
At Steuart-street wharf the work of un
loading the Oregronian is progressing fair
ly well. She came here from New York
loaded to the gunwales with a cargo of
general merchandise.
The ten sea captains employed by the
Charles Nelson Company have succeeded
in accomplishing wonders on the steamer
Scotia. They started to work Monday
morning at 5 o'clock, and yesterday after
noon- had put ashore 2500 of the 3000 rail
road ties consigned to Charles Nelson.
The City of Puebla was completely load
ed yesterday afternoon and preparations
were made for her to sail at 3 o'clock.
Owing to delay in the arrival of a few
of the passengers she did not get away
until after 6 o'clock.
There were more idle men to be seen
about the water front yesterday than on
any day since the commencement of the
strike. They were an orderly lot, however,
and cheerfully obeyed the commands of
the pickets and police officers to move on.
Not a single case of violence was report
ed at either the Emergency Hospital or
the police station.
The steamship SonoTna docked at Pa
cific-street wharf yesterday morning. She
had seven union sailors in her crew and
they all quit, as did also the eighteen
firemen and twenty-four coal passers on
board. The work of discharging the ship's
.cargo was. commenced at once. As soon
as her general freight is taken off she
will be towed to the sugar refinery wharf,
where her cargo of sugar will be taken
off. ;
Along East Street.
Strikers Gather in TJnusual Number
IDLE MEN ON WATER FRONT.
Our predecessors closed the shops, stopped
.^manufactures and lost the mai-ket of the
institution early in their administration. In
:heir last report, for 1S9S, they Bald- "The
r.-anufacturfng feature of the "home and th*
-.¦"ncipal object of the etatute cannot be re-
M:med. Efforts have been made to Introduce
¦'trier trades and occupations besides broom
:^.aking but all those hitherto tried have
; roved impracticable. It is unnecessary to add
that the home is not fulfilling the objects for
which it was created."
But you have resumed the manufacturing
.eature and are making the home fulfill the'
objects for which it was created.
Your predecessors for the blennium ending
June 30. 1SS7. had an appropriation of $50 000
and closed the shops. You have opened and
.ire runninr . them successfully on a biennial
appropriation of $5000 less.
We have on hand a stock of broom corn
equal to a year's consumption, and ar* in con
dition to take advantage of any favorable fluc
tuation in the market that may occur mean
tinje. and are entirely independent of the effect
upon the market of the destruction of a great
rart of the crop by Eastern drought and heat.
I congratulate you that you came to the
V-^ard with a high feeling of duty and no
ether purpose than its faithful discharge. You
'nave not sought personal advantage or gain
for yourselves or others, but have striven for
what was best for tfcese blind fellow citizens
at curs. And I conirratulate the State and the
world wherein the blind will always be. and
their care be the concern of goodhearted men
zri<l women, that you have demonstrated the
Fuperior capacity of an expert blind man In
the superin tendency of these institutions for
the adult blind. Neither *•«: nor Superintendent
Panders can now comprehend the importance
at this demonstration, and in his modesty he
:«= unconscious that as he rocs every day sight
less to his duty his example is calling in a.
preat voice to all who care to heed, for the
benefit of the blind in all time to come. *the
responsible control of these institutions every
where, discouraged by their failure under the
management of seeing men, ¦will see that ex
ample, listen to its lesson and seek competent
Wind superintendents to turn failure into buc
e«>ss. as he has twice done here. In this way
a career will be opened to competent blind men
and thrtr forlorn brethren in misfortune will
be blessed and benefited.
Continuing. President Irish said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 14.
in two years Superintendent Sanders
baa converted a deficit of $S375 at the State
Home for Adult Blind Into a surplus of
55oo4, a net financial grain to the institution
bince his reinstatement of nearly $15,000.
t*n!E ? tl L e . r J ?cord ot this Wind superin
tendent, which was the basis of most
flattering criticism by John P. Irish, pres
ident of the board of directors, when he
submitted his annual report upon the af
.a.rs of the home at the monthly meeting
of the board last evening
President Irish submitted a financial
statement showing: the deficit left by a
lormer administration and directing at
£rHvVf° A he - steady and |ro S -
&8?sa a wastes
;>,« n^ <ie , ductIn8r * 3<so received outside
'rlil^ h ®/fI u ] ar^PP r °P ri aUon found a net
gram of $6554. The president said the im-
• r n r^\t m l nt had £ een nought by reopen
=nmSls b S > °w^r S k hOPS and PUttlnB the bllnd
President Irish Has High
Praise for OhaDged
Conditions.
Converts Large Deficit
Into Surplus at Blind
Home.
Farmer Ross of Occidental Wins Miss Lizzie. Hamil
ton for Wife Through Medium of Call Columns.
SANDERS MAKES
FINE SHOWING
ADVERTISEMENT BRINGS
MATRIMONIAL RETURNS
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, Si itTGUST 15, 1901.
"BarBara Frietchie" to Be Reproduced at California — Alcazar Decides
to Continue "Silver Mounted Harness/'
THEATERS PRESENT GOOD SHOWS
FOR ENTERTAINMENT OF PATRONS
THE DAY'S DEAD.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It pays your grocer to sell you
Fels-Naptha soap and moncy-
back it; we money-back it to
him. ,
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialist. Disease *P§&8? TCr
and weakness of - Ws3& ' p
men. Established 5p§|S£ *<«*'«??•
1SS1. Consultation fK^ Wi
and private book V^S, **^ II
free, at office or by *£jjft -^SSSnJ *
mail. Cures guar- \ffi >JI -fji&Z&&
anteed. 731 Mar- f?«!33J?' ? v? :
ket street (eleva- * J t 1 S^^^P
tor entrance), San /SkO*/_25^»?'3^ fc
d VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT #
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A Ch lOQJtASZZT ST. lai. 6 A4?i. S.r.Cal. k
T CJ^ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the \
¦ A lL )fU World. Weaknesses or any contracted B
v %5sSa •iei'-e P»»' lllrr| y «¦¦'•¦* cy the oldeit f
® rf-*~\E*S bpeciiliit on Ihe Coast. Est 36 yens. 0
A flS^A C3. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN J
\ ?(5?»Sa Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
A J jSrtffl Treatment personally M by letter. A g
f 1 Or Clij Positive Cure in e»ery case undertaken. Y
A 9 If 1 1? WH » for Book. raiLonormY »t A
"fl I] M»Bll!AGE. MAILED 7KBB. ( A T
\ J\ IL valuable book for m**n) \
7 OK. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 9. P. 9
GRAPE-NTJTS.
_,_ L _..* J _ __-,_^_,_,_ r -,_ r — ,_,— ¦,_ n _,-Lj-,_i~, _,-,_<— _r— m.i— n_ir-iuJ-iu*-i-|-i i~i i— 1
J
..You..
Can Obtain
j Certain Body-Building Rc-
6ults by Using
GRAPE=NUTS.
...FOOD...
QUESTIONING A FRIEND.
If one takes the trouble to ' carefully
fjuestlon a. person that has been using
Grape-Nuts Food for two or three weeks,
the facts will be brought «3Ut that grad-
ually there comes over the body a feel-
tng of increased strength, particularly of
mental strength and ability.
The mind works clearer and more
actively ¦when it plays upon a brain that
Is refreshed, rebuilt and properly con-
structed by the food elements Intended
by Nature for such work.
This is a profound fact regarding
Grape-Nuts. The Food contains Just the
kind of material Nature must have to
unite with albumen from which to re-
build the gray mutter In the brain and
nerve centers throughout the body.
Therefore the user can expect and. ob-
tain a- definite rfcsult from the regular
use . of Grape-Nuts.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
v V: « ..;.,-'*,- — . ' -*¦-.'•"
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Tan. corner of Market and Third etreets; open
jr.til 12 o'clock every night In the year. -
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
.•cmr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S50 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
fl5 Larkin 6tr*et: open until 9:30 p. m.
1«1 Mission ctrwt: open until 10 p. m.
52C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
rrtll 3 p. m.
3^6 Eleventh street : open until 9 p.m.
1CS6 Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
.urky rtreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 rfflrcore Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
MECTIXG XOTICES. .
K P.EGULAR meeting of Yerba pi
Buer.a Chapter No. L Rose Croix, I I
A and A. Scottish Rite of Free- ¦ — j<g — \
masonry, will be held In Comman- — Cf~^
<5?ry Hall. Masonic Temple, on RJ
THURSDAY EVENING, August (j
15. 1901. at 8 o'clock sharp. De- PI
ITrce 18. •— •
HENRY BURNER, Secretary.
UISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A, M ; — • ¦
Ftated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/^_
EVEXING 7:20 o'clock. Business. M. Kj»
M. d»eree. By order of the H. P. '"^
JNO. R. HILLMAX. Secretary. .
rALIFCRNIA Lodre No. L E. and A. m
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _#%_
EVENING. Aucust I5j at 7:20 o'clock. /t>?
First degree. By order of the Master. ' *
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
TIDELITY Lodge No. 150. F. and A. M. ft
I— Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third degree. fSLjf\
Master Masons cordially Invited. By '
order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN" FRANCISCO Lodge No. M
212, F. and A. M., meets THIS J%*
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 Jt/T
o'clock, for second degree. By order v
of the Master. E. C. HARE, Sec.
DORIC Lcdsre No. 216, F. and A. M.— a~
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) .A
EVENING Rt 7:30 o'clock. Second de- l£5?
crce. By order of the Master. ' >» '
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
tnRBA Buena Lodpe No. 15. I. O.
O. F.— Initiation TO-XIGHT £$?'**!&:
rrhursdsy). Aug. 15, 1901. Visit-
ing brothers and members are 'w/»S\'-
cordially invited.
THOS. C. MARTIN, N. G.
J. J. X)E HAVEN. Rec. Sec.
BUSIXTESS CHAXCES— Contlnned^
FOR 6ale — Centrally located restaurant and
bar; owner going north in few days; bargain;
no agents. Apply box 4734. Call office.
DINING-ROOM elegantly fitted up for man and
wife; reliable parties only. 363 Geary st.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; a bargain.
921 Howard st: no agents.
SALOON— A business corner for sale on Fifth
St. Box 4795. Call offlce.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale.
Address S. F. Call Agent Santa Cruz. Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth, Tel. Mint 796.
100 rooming-houses. 10 to 600 rms, $50 to $25,000
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms, $100 to.. 20,000
40 flats. 3 to 12 rooms. $S0 to.. JaO
31 boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms. $350 to 10.000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to 8.000
40 grocery stores. $400 to ' 6.000
20 candy stores, $300 to 6,000
40 saloons. $400 to «.000
10 cigar stores. $300 to. •• ,1*222
TOO other businesses, all kinds. $100 to.. £0,000
100 vacant lots. $25 to t •••••••• r $'°<5
75 houses and lots, everywhere. $600 to.. 60,000
5 chicken ranches. $400 to 1,700
60 ranches, everywhere, $300 to 14,000
...To Buy Sell or Exchange Anything Call...
I can suit* you. H. C DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON * CO..
S50 Market st and 8 Stockton at.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotel, rooming-house ¦ or buslnesa
to 6ell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
CO r.: rent $300; elegantly fur. hotel $7000
BO r.: cor.; best st. In Oakland; oak fur... 2800
20 r.; rent $60; good fur., carp, and loc... 950
Money loaned on deferred payments. VA p. c.
14 r.; rent $40; oak fur.; boarders 1000
11 r.; rent UV.i; hardwood fur.; reduced.. 650
9 r.: rent $35; nice, clean; house full 300
6 r.; rent $25; water free; cost $500 225
Over £00 houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. rooms 1-1.
NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
These are samples. Call at office for list.
9 rooms on Post st; rent $40; income JSO;
piano; fine carpets and furniture $600
50 rooms; corner on Geary st. : low rent.... 2500
IS rooms: south of Market; rent $35 450
7 rooms; rent $30; central; quiet 300
14 rms.; principal St.; free water; rent $50 650
ATTENTION. BUYERS! .
You may buy any rooming-hous* ia
the city and pay for it
in monthly payments
from th<» nroflts
DENTISTS. 1^__^^
A-^Dr!" T. S. HIGGINS, 827 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices -
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $160;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
1 guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns ; $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction. I
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st. cqr. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; • gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice v free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, -$3 50; fillings,
60c; plates. $5; full eet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Denial Parlors. 24 Sixth
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less extraction SOc; plates $5 up;phonePolkll33.
! PABIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
F41II set of teeth, $4; crownB, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in.S. F. Painless extraction,
8O0. N. Y. Dentists. 869 Mission st.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
day3. 1001 Market St. corner Sixth. .
SET of teeth without plate. ,DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341. Polk st.
PjERaiATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
removed by eleotrolysis; facial massages wltn
hydro- vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 930 Bush st
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT BCHOOiTfOr"men! ~~~ ~* | ,
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school in the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
prospectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts.-; opening night. Tuesday, Sep- .
tember 10: registration . beginning, September
1; departments — Art, business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H. J. McCOY, general secretary; A.
EMPLOYMESy WA5TED— MALE.
INTERPRETER in Japanese.' French and Eng-
lish would like permanent position In Police
Court, law offlce or store. PAUL B. DITH-
LEFSEN.box 4723. Call office, v- ¦ -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st ...-.¦¦¦'•..¦•-¦¦
___ jFEATHERS REKOVATjBD^^ _
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke,1393.Valencla;tel.Capp 26S7.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds;* companies incor-,
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
STANYAN, 1130. three blocks from Golden Gate
Park— Haight or Ellis cars; Just finished. 3
modern flats, 6 and 7 rooms, $20 to $28; will
sell at a •bargain; easy terms; key at build-
lnz.. . ' . . .
FIVE rooms on Harrison St., newly papered
and in good order, $12. Apply 936 • Harrison
St., near Sixth. ¦
TO let— Elegant modern flat of 6 rooms and
bath. 726 Shrader St.. one block from the
Park; rent $32 60. V
NEW sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath. 1331 Ma-
sonic ave., near Waller st. ; rent $32 50.
O'FARRELL. 1933— Modern flats, 6 rooms, bath,
yard, basement; reasonable to good tenants.
FEW steps from City Hall, fine sunny top flat,
' 6 rooms and bath. 12 Grove Et.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FPRMTtHE AV ANTED.
CAL Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys" furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W...P. Beauchamp, 3 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
BEFORE selling your furinture, see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. .WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
. HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 5848
r ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.......OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY.......
5000 R. R] Men Wanted ......Free Fare
'. ..C. N;'W. RY :.....*....
UKIAH ..
..SANTA. FE R. R..... .;"
50 teamsters, Ukiah, $2 day......... Free- Fare
60 laborers, Uklah, J2 day. Free Fare
\ We Ship To-day to Ukiah .....Free Fare
SANTA FE R. R.... ...........Free Fare
150 laborers, all. divisions, Santa Fe system,
for' section, floating gangs, etc., $1 75 . day,
free fare
FREE FARE .:.......:.. SHIP TO-DAY
60 track . right of way and ax men. Ukiah
FREE FARE ..: .7 FREE FARE
i SANTA FE R. R.— STOCKTON DIV.....
¦50 laborers for Stockton and vicinity, on Santa
Fe system ..Free Fare
-WE SHIP TO-DAY ..FREE FARE
Sash and door maker, country... $3 50 day
Wheelwright, country shop, «2 50 day; black-
smith's helper, no shoeing, $52; 3 blacksmiths,
different - country shops, $2 50 day........
127 laborers, no experience required, for dif-
ferant gold and silver mines.. $40 to $60 and fd
UUlaborers, 50c fare.... $6U
60 muckers, drillers and quarrymen '.
•• ...: ".$75 and $60 and found
. 500 laborers, different Jobs, city and country !
• •• .„'... ....$1 75 to $4 day
6'teamsters. no strike...... $2 and $2 50 day
50 teamsters, country, $37 50 and found, $2
and $2 50 day ¦. ."...
Milk wagon driver, country $30 and found
Bakery wagon driver.. $45 and found
FARMS DAIRIES FRUIT
• 10 men and strong .boys to pick and work In
fruits and almonds. '.....$30 and found
53. farm hands, teamsters, etc., $26, $30 and
$35; gardener for an Institution; gardener's
helper, near city, $25 and found; dairyman,
$30; 5 milkers, $30 and $35
BAKERS.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 bakers, different country shops, $52 and
$50 and found, fare paid; baker, country
hotel, $-25 and found; head waiter for a club,
$40 and found; 27 cooks, different places; 9
waiters, city and country; porter, bell boys, .
etc. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ....104 Geary st.
Railroad Work..' ....Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
.". FOR TRUCKEE
5 Etonema&ons $3 to $4
10 masons' helpers $2 to $2 25
Blacksmith $2 75
60 laborers : $1 75
: FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters .....$2
100 laborers .% $2
Camp cook $50
Blacksmith helper ...$2 25
..FOR NEVADA.
100 teamsters $2
HELP WAKTEP— MALE— Con.
THE RISDON- Iron Works, San Francisco, will
take as apprentices at the trades of machln-
. 1st. patternmaker and boilermaker. a limited
number of young men between the ages of 17
and 18 years ;' strong and able-bodied; good
references. , Apply at office. Beale and How-
ard sts. . '
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed * for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. • San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st, room. 25, San Fran-
clsco. Cal. - y
MEN to learn barber trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved ; examinations
and diplomas given free: complete outfit of
tools donated; wages while learning; more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or' write at once for free catalogue and
' special offer. MOEER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U»»
S. navy; able-bodied, .unmarried men of_ good
' character, between the ages. of 21 and 35; not
.less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to. speak and read English. For
•further information apply at the Recruiting
offlce, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. ""¦¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217- Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. Apply to
MIKKELSON & BERRY. 2124 Center st,
Berkeley. - ¦
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bigg., 806 Market.
GET" your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25-2
to SOc. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED-500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. S23 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 760 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry-
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
'Valencia »t. -.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wasrons. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade .Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A BARGAIN in cood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR S/ uE— Con,
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $3 to
' $150; easy terms; children's toy graphophoma
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co., '123 Geary-
AIR compressor. S sizes. 5, 10. 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting work3; steam
and water power. J. B. Jardine, 220 Fremont.
ONE set Fairbanks-Morse platform scales; ca-
pacity 80,000 pounds. Inquire at offlce Risdon
Iron Works, cor. Howard and Beale sts.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FIXE suits, J10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st
130 TOULOUSE geese, old and young. Ad-
dress A. L., box 95, San Mateo, Cal.
ONE dozen new wheelbarrows for sale cheap
at 4037 Eighteenth i«t.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
. terns. $13 50. 109' Montgomery st 1
NEW ¦ $70 White, drop head, oak sewing ma-
chine cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
TWO gasoline engines for sale, cheap: 1 4-horse
p. Colle, 1 SVi-h. p. Hercules; at 903 Kearny st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches. Jewelry; cash or Install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st. '
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
¦ J. SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
"WE pay bis prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan- Offlce, 25 Stockton st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H.- S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 3d hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154. 9th St.; tel. Folsom 2522.
MOXEY TO LOAJf.
j. o. jjji ha> r.i\, iiec. cec.
PACIFIC LODGE No. 135, I. O. O.
T^.— Initiation THIS (THURS- =55T'^iS&
DAY) EVENING).
FRANK D. MACBETH. N. G. 'Vfltv^
CHAS. J. THELEN. Secretary.
THE St Andrew's Society will eele- v <y"iZ
brate the 130th anniversary of the 3^ ifijiJ
birth of SIR WALTER SCOTT by
a literary entertainment and social
dar.ee on FRIDAY EVENING. August 16, at
Scottish Hall. 107 Larkin st Tickets 25c
each.
P. LIVINGSTON" DUNN. Vice President
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
THE aanusl meeting of the stockholders of the
Pacific Undertakers will be held at 77? Mis-
sion rt.. San Francisco. Cal.. on FRIDAY.
Aurust 23. 1901, at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
election of directors for the ensuing term,
end also to consider an amendment to the by-
laws reducing the number of directors from 9
to 7. and the transaction of euch other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close, Tuesday, August 20, at 4
o'clock p. m. By order of the board of di-
rectors. M. c. GORHAM. Secrettry.
AGENTS WANTED.
CEW YORK embroidery Importing house
wants an able resident representative for the
Pacific Coast on commission: thorough knowl-
edpe of the article, as well as acquaintance
with the buyers of the dry goods trade re-
quired. Address, giving references, Embrol-
derles. box 4723. C5U office.
tGENTS and canvassers San Francisco and
every city of the coaFt: big money even as
side line. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
IGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
JOLICITORS— Salary and commission. ' Equita-
ble Indemnity Co., r. 4, floor 10, Mills bldg.
AGENTS evenwhere to seli stock "gold
mine": KOOfl pay. Newton & Harter. 759 Mkt
ASPHA.LTUM ROOFING.
t PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
IDVICE free;dlvorces private ;bankruptcy; col-
lections ;attachments; mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships .-deeds: wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 100SU Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
IDVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
-EW B. DOUGLASS. 3S7 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy. estates, general practice ; mod. fees.
VDVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON'. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
J. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Slar-
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOOKS — NEW AXD OLD.
SOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
DOAKDIXG FOR CHILDR.EX.
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.*
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market
WE have legitimate bargains in lodging-
houses, saloons, candy and notion stores; also
several restaurants and cigar propositions
which we can vouch for. Call and get our
prices. FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or other
business, call on the Boston Business Agency,
Everything thoroughly Investigated; a trial,
griven. .
McBRlDE & CO 1016 Market st.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911,
No. S17 Market Et (near Fifth st).
$150— LODGING-HOUSE 6 rooms; rent $16; a
bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Frl., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognise them;
give names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last 'world's record medal Paris
Fair. 10S4 Bush St.; tel. 2275 Larkin.
A PROOF positive -test seance to-night; Chas.
Brockway will give every one a communica-
tion; full names and -questions answered or
money refunded; 25c 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy,
"The Salisbury."
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty; dr. Sun., Wed.
and Frl. evenings. 1035 Market 6t (no sign).
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c 6eance Sun.. Tues.
and Thurs.. g.p. m.; every one gets a test; Pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde st, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. ' trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant : sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; EllU car.
JOHN SLATER-CIrcles. 25c; Sun., Mon., Frl.
eves.. S:15; Wed. aft., 2:45; sit 10 to 4 except
Eat and Sun. 1S09 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MME. TOUXG'-S demonstration of spirit return
to-night COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
COME and see MuEtafo, the Egyptian ma-
terializing seance, to-night, 50c. 1610 Bush st.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Eun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Fri..
8 p. m.; Wed.. 2:30 p. m. ; 10c; read, daily. 50c.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer. 603 California
st; communications answered by mall; 25c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 325 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: slttln?? daily: test to all to-nlghtlOc.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MMe7m.' BERNARD^ ~~~ '.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past reveals the -present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business trqubles. consult this great
medium and you 'will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship, guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, .an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AN ambitious young man can have Instruction
and board free for Janitor work. See SMITH,
27 Market st, or write PROF. ANDERSON,
Irvlngton, Cal.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatricakagency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only. $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin.
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON' S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Poet St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue free.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MISS R.- ELLIS, teacher of piano. 1823 Devlsa-
dero st.; telephone Geary 431.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and- Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; teL Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
¦nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Beat help. 411^ O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by The~day7
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red. 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory^rice;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... Phone Grant 1S5
....HOTEL DEPARTMENT
50 waitresses,, commercial and city hotels...
S, $20 and $23
Chambermaid, country hotel : $20
Cook, camping party .$35
Cook, country hotel, se party hero $35
Dinner waitress $2 60
Lunch waitress 50c
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any woman or girl looking for a position for
housework, cooking, nursogirl. second work,
city or country, oan obtain same at wages
from $10 to $30. fares paid to all country
places, by applying to
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
A— MRS. M. E. DAY. & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress. $25; 2 more waitresses, Coro-
nado. $25; 14 waitresses, commercial and city
hotels, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to wait,
$20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7 and $8
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 family cooks, $30, no washing or house-
work; 10 cooks and houseglrls. $20 and $25;
2 second girls, $20; many choice- reliable
places
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 835 Geary st.
A— YOUNG lady who is employed part time
as extra saleslady for evening work; good
wages
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary.
WANTED— 4 cooks. German style; no washing,
$30; man and wife for a camp, $46, see party
here at 10 o'clock; 4 second girls,' city, $20,
$25; laundress, 2 in family, $30; laundress for
country hotel, $25, fare paid; 4 waitresses,
restaurant, $6-8 week; nurseglrl, German, $25;
10 waitresses for city and country hotels,
520, $25, $40; girls for all kinds of housework;
call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 310 Sutter.
LADIES wishing to employ respectable help
please call or address. All mail orders
• promptly attended to. Respectable women
and young girls can secure good positions by
calling. Wanted, by a lady., position as house-
keeper, best references. Respectable German
lady wants position, companion, nurse. Ap-
ply HARBRIDGE & CO.. 323 Kearny Bt;
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm,-12.
¦ Waitresses, different country hotels, $20, free
fare. ¦; .
WANTED Immediately, women and girls to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co., 425 Bran-
nan st. *_ •
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Bran nan st.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day work: steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
100 laborers ;... $2
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
1 50 headers and drillers ...'.$2 25 to $2 50
100 muckers and laborers ....$2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers, section work ..'. $175
...STOCKTON AND MERCED DIVISIONS...
Free Fare.......... Ship Daily Free Fare
* 20 laborers and muckers for large mines and
smelters, $2 to $2 50; 20 farmers, different
ranches, $1 25 a day; 50 laborers for sawmills
and woods, $26 to $30; 20 laborers, city, $2 a
day;, stableman, private place, $35; black-
smith, carriage trimmer and harness maker,
for Honolulu
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $75; broiler, $60, for flrst-class
hotel, north, fare advanced ; head waiter and
crew of waiters for hotel, north; cook for
R. R. camp, $50 and free fare; camp cook,'
20 men, $40; cook $50, baker $40, kitchen hand
$25, for institution, country; 10 bell boys, city,
$10 to $30; 10 dishwashers, $30 and $25; cook,
countiy hotel, $50
2 neat Eastern waiters, $35; 2 omnibuses,
hotel dining-room, country, $25.
3 colored waiters, hotel, north, fare paid
C. R. HANSEN ,& CO 104 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
E9 Third, near Call' bldg. ; phone Bush 465.
• Railroad Laborers
Uklah Uklah
¦ FREE FARE
60 R. R. laborers, Ukiah $2 per day
•-"BO axmen and teamsters. 1..... $2 per day
50 section hands. Santa Fe's own work
60 R. R. laborers $1 75 to $2 60 per day
10 tunnelmen $3 per day
10 rock laborers i $2 50 per day
All-around blacksmith, country-. $3 50 per day
Man and wife, private place, gardening and
housework, $45 per month and found; baker,
country, $10 and found; 2 waiters, hotel, city,
$30 and found.
GARDENER. $30 and found; coachman. $35
and found; milker, and wife for cook, $60; 2
men and wives, small places, $35; farmer and
wife. $40; German and 'wife, private family,
$45; laundrrman and wife for institution, $60;
farmers. $25 and $30; choreman for stock
ranch, $25; sheepherder. $25 to $30; teamsters;
men to sack coal and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
2 COOKS and wives, $45 arid $65; boarding-
house cook, $40; fry cook, $30; bread and
' cake baker for country. $60 and found ; wait-
ers, pantrymen, bellboys and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st. ...
AT HARBRIDGE & CO.'S 323 Kearny st.
10 graders and laborers $1 75-$2 50
50 tunnel and single-hand men $3
50 ditch and surface men $2 53
100 laborers, rick and shovel '...$2 25
25 teamsters, out of town :..$2b0
CARRIAGE trimmer to do some harness work,
painters, cabinet makers, a door molder, la-
borers and wood working machine hands;
non-union; no office fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau. 410 Kearny st. room 24.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
Head cook, $70; second cook, $45; waiter, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free empl6yment. ,927 Market st. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBERS' CERTIFICATES— Adeline Cope-
land, Notary Public, will issue affidavits and
Co. ; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work, and" driving horses: 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st. ¦
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper job; four
or five months'- work. Apply at 26 Montgom-
ery st, room 25.
T HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases — A few select
canes will be cared for at Hospital and Sani-
tarium, 230 Douglass st., San Francisco.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR RENT— Large apartment. 723 Sutter. sult-
able for professional offices or general busi-
ness: arranged to suit tenants. Apply to
ALMARIN B. PAUL. 27 Crocker building.
LOCUST ave., 624, between Golden Gate ave.
• and McAllister St., near Laguna— 5 rooms,
bath, basement. $16 50.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
TO LET— Completely well furnished house of
9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
rented, paying more than half the rent Ap-
ply at 79 South Park.
WELL furnished modern house 9 rooms and
beth; near Park and on car line. Box 4657,
Call office.
~ LOST AND POBJfD.
LOST— Yawl boat of the Jessie Fremont; paint-
ed green; 16 feet long; short splice In center
of painter. $5 reward will be paid on return
of same to HENRY PRIEN, Hathaway* 3
wharf.
$50 REWARD— Lost at Sutro Baths, two dia-
mond rings, on Thursday, August 8, 1901.
Finder will please return same to 915 Haight
st. and receive above reward.
LOST— Hand piece of dental engine on Mason
st. Return same to office of Infirmary Clinic,
cor. Market and Taylor. sts., and receive re-
ward.
LOST — Fox terrier: side of head tanned; two
ears tanned; tanned spot on back near tail;
one split ear. Return to Electrlo Laundry
and receive reward.
$75 REWARD for the return of box containing
jewels and money left at Zinkand's Cafe
Tuesday night; no questions asked. R, D.
KINMOND, Grand Opera-house.-
LOST— Monday night, near Powell and Eddy
¦ or Geary 'Sts., Lady's, silver watch: L. D.
engraved oh back. Reward at 636 Clay st.,
room 16, Oakland.
$10 REWARD for Rambler racing wheel taken
from Academy of Sciences hallway Tuesday
at 2 p. m. Return to 819 Market st, room 6.
LOST — Pair of spectacles on Sanchez St.. dowr.
Twenty-sixth to Railroad crossing. Reward
AA— MA^ATT^aIT^oTn^COMPANy!
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate....
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms -before doing business elsewher*
, R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room. 3
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000. at 6% or less- in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent ; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
- interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
RELIABLE corporation, established I860, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant av«., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est -rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
Advances Ufa Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank book*
In liquidation bought Apply 330 Montgomery.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvata
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones'.
ON furniture, pianos; . no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 337 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage-
no delay. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$10C0; any security. 3C2 Montgomery st., r. J.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
Ity. Hill, r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no Indoreer required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
1 LADY wo^ld like 1 or 2 small children or an
infant to board; best of care given; terms rea-
sonable. 362B Clementina St.
OR Z children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California.
BCSIXESS CUASCES.
v— S25P; SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi-
ness; net profits at least $100 per month; rent
J43; come, see and satisfy yourself. R. G
WILKE. 26'~ Kearny st.
1 — $400: BRANCH bakery and coffee saloon
with 5 living rooms; rent $15; choicest loca-
tion; must be sold at once on account of
EiekneEs or owner. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny ft
3000 — SALOON, restaurant and lodging in one i
of the most prospering towns in California;
lease: cheap rent; all In flrst-class order;
clearing $300 per month. R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny et.
1 — $1230; BAKERY and coffee saloon; very best
location, about 2 blocks from Phelan build-
ing; a splendid paying place; disagreement
of. partners cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE. iCi^ Kearny st
1 — $1500: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
fc^ock south of Market st ; dally receipts from
«0 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2G% Kearny st.
i— $1500: FIRST-CLASS In prioes and first-class
paring restaurant close to Chronicle build-
Ing; con:e. Investigate and you will find a
splendid investment Call R. G. WILKE.
2e*4 Kearny st.
TNE opening for an active man with good
business qualifications; eingle sian preferred;
good future for Rood man; capital needed $500.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
S17 Market st.. opp. Mason, rooms 1-2.
ECO— PARTNER wanted; light business; must
be steady, reliable man; satisfied with $18
to J25 a week; no experience required; trial
given before buying. 25 Geary st, room 1.
>RUG ttore cr.d fixtures for sale: fine oppor-
tunity: location corner Geary and Devi*adero
sts. Vbr particulars apply to LAJCGLEY &
MICHAELS CO.. S3 First St.. or Board of
Trade of San Francisco, 202 Market st.
B000 EACH; 2 new 5-room cottages- modern
improvements; also 2 lots: will sell or ex-
change for any good-paying business. C.
HARBRIDGE & CO., 223 Keamy st
150 — PARTNER wanted; indoor business:
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et. corner Golden Gtae ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed, by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk Bt. ; readings by mail.
MME. MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures: gives luck: honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated;
not one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second slpht;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 60. 126. Turk.
KNOW your fate— Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist reader of human destiny: never falls;
25c, 50c 1202 Mission st: phone Howard 2675.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
FREE tests ladies Wed. eve., Thurs. morn.,
Fri. aft; no circles; private personal testa,
no money accepted. . FRANKLIN, 363 Geary.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium: 25c up. 777*4 Market st, room 18.
Mrs.Mallory,clairvoyant card reader; -when oth-
ers fail consult me; L. 25c, G. 60c. 1538 Markt.
REMOVED to 1583 Market. Mrs. Dr. Valeen,
clalrvoy.. palmist life reader; fittings dally.
MHS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c. cents EOc. 132 Sixth : st.
CLAIRVOYANT card-reader from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st, near 4th.
CARD reading. 25c up; 120 Sixth st" MME.
MARSEAU.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. ECHAFFEK. clairvoyant card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. S Fourth st
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work •
Bend to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
washing, ironing, sweeping, dressmaking or
any kind of work; $1 50 per day. Call or ad-
dress 148 Sixth St., room 22.
YOUNG Swedish woman wishes position to do
general housework or downstairs work or
cooking in boarding-house; city or country.
239 Natoma st.
MIDDLE-AGED -woman. no incumbrance,
wishes to do housework for elderly gentle-
man; $8 v per month. Address box H, Call
branch, 3C0 Hayes st.
GERMAN woman, good cook and houseworker I
¦wishes position > country only. 345 Minna St.,
between Fourth and Fifth.
POSITION as seamstress and light chamber-
work at Menlo Park or San Rafael. Address
MISS A. C, 106 Eleventh St.
COMPETENT girl, good cook, wants place In
small American family; no heavy washing;
wages $20 to $25. Address 316% Rltch st. . J
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a place as as-
sistant in cooking or general, kitchen work.
Please call or address 173\ Market st.
A DRESSMAKER wishes work; $1 GO per day;
quick worker, good cutter and fitter; dresses
remodeled. Address B., 1941 Mission st
EXPERIENCED girl wishes chamber work;
sleep heme. Box. 4755, Call office. ?
SITUATION by Norwegian girl to do house-
work. 73 Thirteenth st. . .'
PLAIN sewing done; reasonable. 501 Leaven-
worth st, room 8. ¦ y
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
ing housekeeper; refined and trustworthy;
light work; moderate wages. MRS. LISTON,
Peachtree, Monterey County.
A— EXPERIENCED stenographer and. type-
writer wishes permanent position; $30 to com-
mence; references. L. C. box 4S36, Call.
Al BOOKKEEPER and expert stenographer
desires position; highest references. Box
4787. Call. ,> . ¦ '. '
WANTED — Position" as housekeeper by ,a lady
with a boy 8 years old. Please call or write
666 Willow ave., bet. Eddy and Ellis sts.
A SWEDISH girl wishes a position to assist
in light housework. Apply 1928 Ellis st.
"WILLING woman wants position at house--
cleaning work by the day. 268^ Tehama st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
k*— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit-
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
TING BRANCH. California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Seventh and Berry sts. ..
WANTED— Thoroughly competent girl for gen-
eral housework, in lower flat, small family;
no children; wages $25. . Call this morning,
2918 Pacific ave.
AN office assistant, age 14 to 17; hours 8 to 6;
salary $15 per month. S. N. WOOD & CO.
718 Market st.
OPERATORS to work in factory on ladies'
wear. New. building, Mission and Annie sts.,
bet. Second and Third, third floor.
EXPERIENCED operatorB. also learners; paid
.while learning: on muslin underwear. G W
REYNOLDS, 597 Mission st, corner Second.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessedTof
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
GIRL for housework, small family; $20 per
month. 1904 Broadway.
APPRENTICES wanted in millinery store at
692 McAllister St.; flrst-class teaching.
CARPET-SEWER, experienced on new work.
C. HAYNERT. 40 Ellis st, fourth floor.
YOUNG woman for country; cook, wash, assist
with general housework. 828 Turk st.
GIRL for general housework In small family.
Call 2417 Mission st, near Twentieth. »
WANTED— First-class slee,ve maker immediate-
ly. Address box 4653. Call office. - :
MIDDLE-AGED woman for'general housework;
sleep home., 832 Folsom st
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls, HEY-
NEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission st
WANTED— Young lady bookkeeper and attend
store. 1426 Polk st.
SALESWOMAN for drug store. Address .box
4756, Call office. 4 - \ ¦:--.'
WANTED— A talloress at 1426 Polk--^."*"
TWO waitresses wanted. 204 Sixth St., Myrtle
Bakery. .
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 4S1 Jessie Bt:
YOUNG lady wanted for shooting gallery. Call
nt K2S PnHfl<* at
ouiain ceruncaies ior uaruers ai ruuiu 40,
Crocker building, from 9 "a. m. to 5 p. m.
daily during the absence of the State Board
of Barber Examine™.
CHANCE for right man to make from $10 to
$15 per day taking orders for portraits and
foto Jewelry in country town. Call 9 Leav-
enworth st. '
W ANTED— Delivery bill clerk; young man who
¦ is a rapid penman and well posted on loca-
tion of streets. Apply HALE BROS., Inc.
WANTED — Cash boys, 14 years of age and over.
Apply HALE BROS.. Inc.
SECRETARY wanted for mine; good opening
for some one with a few hundred dollars capi-
tal. Apply personally, ULRICH, room 10, 314
Montsomery.st. ,
YOUNG man to assist in small department
store; experienced in selling and show-win-
dow dressing. Call 8 to 10 a. m., 543 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy about 16 years old to go er-
, rands and make himself useful about store;
relerences required. "Address box 4768, Call.
WANTED— Honorably discharged U. S. sol-
diers. Apply at once, room 10, 325 Montgom-
ery st. ; bring discharge papers. ¦
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building.
BARBERS — Downtown short hours' shop, good
• furniture, can be had cheap; good wases for
1 man. STOLTZ. 723 Market st
GOOD cash boys wanted. S. N. WOOD & CO.
TWO first-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER. 581 Market St.
VESTMAKER. Call WM. T. VALENTINE,
354 Geary st.
DISHWASHER, wanted' at 9 Drumm st; no
Sunday work.
WANTED— Delivery clerk for a retail grocery. '
H./HOLLMAN. 2807 Mission st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.
BEDMAKER; $20 month, board and lodging.
Potrero Hotel, 301 Twenty-second st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 567 Sixth s,t.
YOUNG man who has some experience in wall-
paper business. 1614 Market st. .
1427 Sanchez st. ¦ *
LOST — Large turquoise brooch. Finder will be
re-warded by returning same to BALDWIN
JEWELRY CO.. 845 Market st.
LOST— In California Theater, August 6, fur
shoulder cape. Return 614 Steiner st. ; reward.
STOLEN— From 2098 Green St.. one lady's gold
watch, one lady's gold watch (enameled), one
¦ gent's watch (silver), lady's cameo set, etc
Return to box 4742, Call office. and receive $73
reward; no questions.
LOST — Lady's gold watch: diamond setting,
monogram "B" ; on Powell st. between El-
lis and Geary; liberal reward. ¦ 1231 Page st.
BROWN purse containing lady's gold watch;
monogram H. A. C. ; liberal reward. 14 Eddy.
LOST — Pearl dagger-shaped pin. Return to
¦ 2952 22d st. and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
. nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold to make new watch casea. -
, MATRIMONIAL. . ~
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1887; reliable & con-
fldentlal: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st ;
tel. Bush 421. -
MEDICAL.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 997
Market St.. corner Sixth; entire upper Boor;
A— Dr. G. W. O'Donnell. renowned specialist:
I treat ladles only; ell classes of female com-
plaints relieved: quickest results. 1018 Market.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist; a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement: best medical care; low fees.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DA VIES'
original method of treatment; maternity
• home: stamp for circulars. 112G Market, S. F.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market to 410
¦ O'Farrell St.. between Taylor and Jones.
THE WYETH Maternity Home removed from
¦ Post to 410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor.
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Rxamtner building.
MONEY WANTED.
LOAN wanted— $1000 wanted. For further ln-
formatlon address box 4619. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRITME?rTS.
A FEW Excellent Bargains 1 irTused Pianos^
A Raven & Bacon, square $3
A Mozart, square 50
A Symphony, square ................. ....... 75
An Emerson, square 100
A Weber, square jy
A Richmond, upright, oak 175
A Radle. mahogany ". _ 200
A Spielmann. --•-•-•...........„... 225
A Hamilton 250
A Gabler ., — 300
A Byron Mauzy ...r. 350
A Sohmer 450
A Steinway Concert Grand 430
A Sohmer Concert Grand ........... , 500
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-313 Post st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $5 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. . Oakland.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
933 Market st, S. F.; 951 Broadway. Oakland.
A magnificent stock of pianos and organs.
Big discount this week.
ALL highest grades "sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Hallet-Davis: great bar-
gain list, $50 up; Stelnway, $185 up; Fischer,
$100; Chickering, $163: 20 others, rents $3 up;
great inducements to 217 Geary st. !
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
nrlo<»! costs vou onlv 20c a dav tn buv a nlann
steady man. McLaughlin & Co.. 777«4 Market
!OUNTRY hotel.' ne«r city; In a good town*
no opposition; paying well; must cell. GAM-
MILL & MOCK. 906 Market st
"OR sale — Candy rtore and icecream parlor-
good location: make offer. 230 Sixth st
V ANTED- An honest and sober partner with
S3000 in an optical business; must eflher be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
Fpcnding. etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to
f200T, per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician %J071}4 Mar-
ket 6t.. San Francisco.
"OR sale — At invoice price, the merchandise
etore cf CNOPIUS & CO., Santa Rosa with
its two branches, one at Sebastopol and one"
at Heaideburg, as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of Felling. Fcr particulars address CNOPIUS
&. CO.. Santa Rosa.
tARBERS. do you want a two-chair barber
shop in hotel clearing $120 a month; fixtures
eOEt S325; price f350 cash; rtiaving. 25c; trial
given: reason poor health.. Address H. BR4.Y
Neveda City. Cal.
. GOOD chance for a physician to buy cheap
a Standard Ktp.tlc machine with motor, X-
Ray outfit, electrodes and laboratory, etc -
will sell at a sacrifice. Box 4744,- Call office.
150— SMALL chop house, complete, having a
good trade: rent $10; a real bargain; mu?t
eell this week on account of other business;
good place for man and wife. 90S% Howard.
150 WILL buy a real estate and house renting
business in Oakland ; well . located ; poo-1
chance; no agents. Address P. O. box 2564,
Citr.
K3R sale— A good paying restaurant Apply
210 Townsend el, bet Third and Fourth.
NAP— Re6tattrant lady or gentleman; small
capital. Apply S Washington -st *
Ing Works. 353-357 . Tehama st; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
BEATING, 3c; laying, 3c: renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. "Co. ; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 26S.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-boating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vattng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st. ;. telephone Jessie 944.
" CHIROPODISTS. ~
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, wcrts; pain-
Ipsb cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., special 1st on feet;
- diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION 1 OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^chargTtmt
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handies"alT"iegli>
imate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324.- San Francisco; tel. South SSI.
DRESSMAKEltS AXI> SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & iloffatt
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rpcelveri at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. -
YOUNG man wishes light porter work; dish-
washing, private family, traveling, gentle-
• man's servant: experienced: references 7 yrs.:
wage3 $18; temperate; city trained. Box
4751. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Dane wishes situation In pri-
vate family; understands care of horses, cows
and garden: first-class recommendations.
HENRY STEVE. 58 Natoma st
FIRST-CLASS sticker hand and general plan-
ing mill man wants position; is also thor-
oughly, competent as machine foreman ; top
wages; best . of references. Box 465S. Call. ¦
MAN with character (references) wishes posi-
tion to act as nurse,' or take care of an old
gentleman; knows the city well; reasonable
salary. Box 4754, Call office. . ..,"-.-
MIDDLE-AGED married man (German) would
like a position in a wholesale house. Ad-
dress box 4706i Call office. : — -
YOUNG man wants •'¦ position - as- bartender;
- speaks German and English; good, references.
Box 4900. Call office. .
WILLING man wishes situation in a wholesale
or retail ¦ liquor store; understands rectifying
a little; good references. Box 4741, Call office.
WANTED^-posltlon as foreman In planing mill;
thoroughly experienced and good draughts-
man. Address box 4786. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation in the
country. Box 4736, "Call office. „
CHINESE wants a position doing, washing,
cooking and housework; wages $6 week.- Ad-
dress 728 Jackson st ¦ - - . ¦ ¦
HI 0^3 ITUCHIC.Sl.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 3190
Sixteenth st. y
WA NTED— Young Rlrl to assist in light house-
work; hell) with baby. 317 Florida at. .
GIRL for housework; plain washing; wages
$15. 1920 Sutter st .
WANTED-Girl for. light housework. Apply
3037 Washington st.
GIRL for general housework. 1615 Scott -st.
WAITRESS wanted. 204 Sixth st
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework.
1227 Golden Gate ave. . .
2 BRIGHT girls about 14 years old as assistants
I to forewomen: clean,' pleasant work. ,GANT-
* NER & MATTERN, 1017 Hyde St., near Cal-
ifornia.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
. at 6 p. m. this evening.
GIRLS for labeling. Apply 310 Townsend st '
YOUNG girl about 16 to do light housework
and assist In store. Apply 1224 Railroad ave.
WANTED— Elderly Swedish woman for worio
Ing housekeeper; light work. 622 Natoma st.
WANTED— Girl for cooking and housework; 2
, In family. 1705 Gourh Et. , " - —
HOUSEKEEPER wanted~~f or dairy; reference
r required. Box 472S, ' Call office.
GERMAN woman for 4 days In week to do
housework and cooking.' ¦: 1800 Union st. v
GIRL" wanted ' to general housework and
- attend children. 103 Juniper st.
WANTED— Women for light * work on fruit.
1731 ' Folsom • st. . ¦
STICKER hand for steady position; state
where last employed: Box 4753, ,0311 office, f
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59 Colum-
bian building.
"WANTED— Cooks, waiters,, dishwashers, and
kitchen help;'gcod pay; no fee. 127 Mason st.
GOOD union barber; young man; steady. Job.
.947 Fillmore st, corner McAllister..
."WANTED — First-class "pantryman; young man
preferred. Call 6 a. m. at. Russ House.
WANTED— Operator on custom . coats at 461
.Jessie st - ' '
WANTED— Good dishwasher. Capital Rsstau-
rant, 206 McAllister st. . [j
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 1507 .Market st
1 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers ' wanted. ' 6
I Ninth st. , :'*•„;
' 100 QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply 232 Mont-
gomery st.
WANTED— Young men to work in. fruit store.
! 930 Fillmore st.
.WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
\ Folsom st. - - ' o
SAILORS. ' ordinary. ; for ships ¦ for all parts of
the world. .; HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
- San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second
hand shoes for. sale; 50c up. '. 241 -Third st. a:
\ i
WANTED— 50 ' men ¦ to room. New Cambridge,
543 Howard St. : „ 10c, ¦ 15c and 20c per night
' WANTED— First-class clothing man. Box 2294.
Call office. Oakland.
200 MEN. to buy suits made .to order, $1: per
. week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellis st ;
, MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc^
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-197 Fremont st.
FOR THE HOME. ~ ~~ "
These goods sold for cash only; free delivery
in town, at vessel side, or across the bay
Smiths' Cash Store, 25-27 Market st. S. F.
Pillows, standard size, good...... 50c, 65c, jl.00
Folding cot, genuine gold medal, best 3!oo
Folding cots, high grade, to carry 1.75
Best army cots, rapid seller -2! CO
Cross-legged canvas cots- 110
Wire mattress cots, very convenient: 2^50
Camp chairs (steamer chairs) .1.00
Camp chairs (steamer use),' with arms.... 1*25
Common kitchen work tables Jl 25* 150
Perfection table with drawers, improved' 3 25
Extension, table, patent,- 6-ft drop leaves. o!oo
¦^Lace curtains, standard size, pair 50c
Lace curtains, larger size, good.. 75c LOO
Bedspreads, white, large size, special. ' 1 00
Comforts, cotton filled, standard size. 75c l'co
Comforts, fine material white cotton.Sl 25 l'so
Blankets, gray or white, pair 75c' LOO
Blankets, heavier and larger, 11 qr..$l 25 1 73
Blankets, gray Cal. wool, heavy.. ...$3.50 4*50
Mosquito bar, all colors, piece. ... 50 C
Scrim, wide ecru, per yard 5c) sc
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and pc~
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
— second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hour3. J. NOON AN, 1017. 1013. 1021 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en^
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
. etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. . .- ."
ALL kinds second-hand building material., lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood; lowest prices
Dolan Building - Supply • Co..-. 1611 Market st.
FOR SALE — First-class -ice box cheap. Armly
at A. GEANTIT. 522 Clay st.
from 'us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'FarreU
st: established 1S50.
A LIST of fine second-hand pianos— 1 Emer-
Fon, 1 Hallett & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Stirling, $75. $123. $145. etc.': easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 15 O'Farrell St..
Chickering, Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
AN upright for $75. $100. $150, $2C0 If you Want;
Deckers for $450. $500. $550. with 20 per cent
discount if you buy this month. What mrtre
do you want? Cash or payments. The Zeno
Mauvals Music Co., 769 Mark**- st.
ANOTHER cleanlng-out sale of storage pianoa
at your own price: $6 Installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st .
ATKEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market— 1
Shonlnger. 'Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
CALLED away; forced to sacrifice; large 3-
pedal upright plaim. 316 Turk St., near Hyde.
$73 AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE'3
- Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Chjirch sts.
LEFT on sale, $93 mahogany case Fischer up-
right piano. Room 38. 217 Geary st.
A SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 2C8 Post st
ELEGANT new UDrixht pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.*. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
VWA Y. $200: Hartman.- $100; elegant n<>w
ptancs. $130 up. W. C. Hamilton, S Flood btdg.
GOOD second-hand upright *for ' sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNQ'9. 216 McAllister.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. «7 Mc-
Allister BtGRAND HOTEL.
G Selma, .Cal . . .
J B James & w, Fresno
Mrs Clark, Honolulu
H Duniway, Honolulu
H C Carner, S Jose
B Campbell, Berkeley
G Horskcn, Stockton
F C Darwel, Ind
L Millington, Colusa
N J Meade, L Ang
J Alexander & w, L A
T Smith & w, L Ang
C A Tupper, L Ang
E C Smith, Hilo
Mrs Smith. Hllo -'
Miss M Smith, Hllo
H Marquardt & w, Cal
J B Sealander
E O Wilkinson. L Ang
A Fillins, Ohio
T I Gillmer, Ohio
J Gregg, Red Bluff
E L Pawalt,; Oregon
G Carragan & w, N Y
E C Drum. Chicago ;
V Poltz, Australia
I T Leatham, Honolul
W Gutteridge, Sydney
L A Spltzer, S Jose
E Cohn, L Ang
J Janney. Dayton
C Ayers & w, S Barb
J Craig, w & s. Cal
Miss Green, Woodland
C Gray, Oroville
Mrs Seadler, Sacto
Mrs Garlichs, VacaviU
Mrs Cormack, Vacavle
MIps Petrle, Sacto
L Sanborn & w, Cal
N McClure & w, N Y
N A Snook, B Jose U
Mrs Snook, S Jose
J D Boyd, Cal
J E Koeberle. L Ang '
G Armstrong & w, O
F W Armstrong, Ohio
W Hollenbeck. Fresno '
G Poppelwell, Stockton
Miss Poppelwell. Stktn
H G Cotton. Portland
S R Frick. L Ang
G Govlaird. S Jose
J O'ICane & w, Nev
E Pulifpa, Michigan
G Wlsch, N Y
Miss Leland, S Barb \
Dr Nichols, Sacto
Mrs Oatman, Sacto
W F Knox, Sacto
W Worthing, Stockton
L Delaplaine .
J McWhorter, Berkeley
L Jordan & w, Sacto
M A de Lew, Sacto
W N Skyles, Wash
P E Holt, Stockton
A Huston, Woodland
P Browning. Woodland
C Sieler, Woodland
J Thompson, , Stockton
Mrs Sakeman, Cal
Mrs Rlthwell, Sacto
Miss Fenny, Sacto
A J. Larson, Lodl .
G F Willis, Fresno
O M Henking. N Y
F B HIrd. Dubuque
A C Turner. Chicago
M Humphrey. Ind
Mrs Patton. Hawaii
W Chestnutwood, Stkn
J M Pollock, Gilroy
W Black & f, Cal
Miss Taylor, Woodland
J C Crosln, Portland
PALACE HOTEL.
J Hurley, Sacto
FT King. Honolulu
F Blase, ¦ France
Mr Rensdorf, Germny
Mr Kritzter, Germany
R Granger, Georgia
W Ray wood, D C •
Lt Groeneville, Germny
Lt Wilcke, Germany
Lt Weaverette. Germ
Lt Golletr Germany
A FGIllman, Honolulu
R C Kirkwood. Cal
J W Robison, Berkely
C F Curtis, Iowa
FM~ Clarke, N Y
A F Gllflllan, Honolulu
Dr Frlzell & w, Cal
R LLevis,. Arizona .-'-,
J M Davles &"w, Cal
Miss M' Davles. L Ang
R M Conger, N Y
.TC Cummlngs, NY
G Gershammer, N • Y.
H Teufert. Redding
A Comstock, N Y
M , O" Brien, - Pasadena -
Mrs M C Slevison. Cal
J Slevison, Cal
Miss M Slevison, Cal
W D Knox, ¦ London "
A F HlmmelbriKht.NY
A S Pittar, NY
D Beere, New York
J T Hargrave & w,NY
H G Bundren, Ls Ang
W A Scott, Ls Ang
F S Molqueene, Eng
MaJ W~ Madochs ' Eng
T F Tanaka, Honolulu
W A Wlllingham, Va
G A Wilklns. Aus
G G Schwarz, Dayton
T A RIordan, Ariz
Mr & Mrs. Perry, Eng
A P Williams & w. Mo
A Shepherd & w, Eng
G W Stowell, Boston
HP Colfelt, Phlla
W A Granten, N.Y
MIsa Howard, Cal
L B Jones, Denver
M J Colshen, Denver ¦
Mrs J Knapp, St Louis
Mr & Mrs Mentxer, Cal
E B Kimball & w 5al
R G Ford, Chicago
Mrs H M Hill, Paris
C Whaley & w, Ariz
G A Showers, Chicago
F J Jones & .w. Londn
T,V Gorman, Ky
T Derby, * N i Almaden
Miss Coffin, N Almadn
J P Taylor Jr. Berkly
F H Yost. Stanford i ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M Cilcarnl, San Jose .
G V Welner, Stockton
G F Crane, Manila
J Wilson, Pasadena
E Block, Denver " ..¦
R Candy, NY .
G G Lee, Watertown .
L Ratto. Bakersfleld ¦"
J L Warner & w, Iowa
Mrs E • A • Waters &
daughter, Gridley ; .
C Hill, Seattle
P McGovern, | Stockton
J Olsen. NY .
M C Pltcairn, San Jose
R F-Foultz, Manila.
P L Warren, Chicago
\V M Warren,- Kan Cty
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Haile Is Still Missing.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 14.— Richard Eustace
of this city is the father-in-law of Burt
Haile, formerly of Alameda, who Is re
ported missing from his home in San
Jose, with a wife and two children anx
iously looking for his reappearance. Eus
tace has just returned from San Jose,
where he made a qfuiet investigation of
Haile's affairs. He found that Haile owed
a large amount of money in San Jose and
that he had a hard time of it heading off
his creditors. He found also that Haile's
troubles were the result of a fondness for
the gaming table, where he lost consid
erable money. Eustace does not think
he has committed suicide.
Accused Forger Is Sick.
OAKLAND, Aug. 14.— J. B. McCoy, real
estate speculator and oil land agent, did
not appear in the Police Court to-day to
answer to a charge of forgery preferred
by Mrs. J. Scott, residing at 1281 Alice
street, who claims she has been defrauded
through, criminal actions, of the land
dealer.- McCoy, who was arrested In Sac
ramento, sent a telegraphed certificate to
Police Judge Smith from the capital city's
health officer, reciting that the accused
man was sick in bed and unable to ap
pear. The case was continued until Fri
day.
Mother Bereft of Her Reason.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 14.— Mrs. Fannie Dan
iels of 2616 Encinal avenue became sud
denly insane last night and had to be re
moved to the Receiving Hospital in Oak
land. The case is particularly pad be
cause of the fact that Mrs. Daniels is the
mother of an 11-day-old child. Her hus
band was released from an asylum but a
short time ago. The family is in strait
ened circumstances.
OAKLAND, Aug. 14.— Supervisor H. D.
Rowe. .Dr. S. H. Buteau and Superintend
ent Clark of the County Infirmary left
Oakland to-day for a tramp through
Marin County. Bollnas is their objective
point.
Tramping in Marin.
OAKLAND, Aug. 14.— By representing:
himself as a gas inspector a sneak thief
gained admission .this afternoon into the
residence 'of James P. Edoff. 913 Grove
street, stealing a small quantity of jew
elry -arid a few dollars.
Sneak Thief at Work.
BERKELEY, Aug. 14.— Dr. Chauncey M.
Wells arrived to-day from the East to
take the position of assistant professor In
English composition at the University of
California. He is a Harvard graduate
and was a msmber of the Harvard fac
ulty prior to his acceptance of the pro
fessorship here. i
New Professor Arrives.
Alameda County.
Isaac and Margaret Bottomley to Alexander
McAdam, all interest in lot on N line of Hud
son street. 235:7 E of Third avenue, thence N
to W line of University avenue, thence S to.
Intersection thereof with N line of Hudson
street, thence W to beginning, portion block
N, Vernon Park. Oakland; $2800.
Estate of William E. Brown (by Delia J. F.
Wood, executor) to George Macrae, lot IS In
block C, Bellevue Tract. Alameda; $300.
Walter and M. R. Mayerhofer to Wealthy
B. Russ (wife of Albert), lot on S line of Cen
tral avenue, 808:4 E of High street, E 33:4 ty
S 125. portion Iot3 28 and 29, Hawley Tract,
Alameda; $10.
Oliver Carpenter to William J. and Elizabeth
Kitto, lot on N line of Thirty-flrst street, 215
W of Grove, W 140 by N 140, lots 29 and 30. and
E 40 feet of lot 23, In block 2037, Rowland
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Union Savings Bank to George Sterling, lota
7 to 10, 13 to 24. 36 to 44, map Broadway Tract,
in plat 13, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland;
$29CO.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
L. H. Sly, lot on N line of Thirty-second street,
165 W of West, W 50. N 87.26. E 50.217. etc..
S 82.59, portion of block 2041, Rowland Tract,
Oakland; also E line of lot 22, College View
Tract, 1C0 S of Brockhurst street. S 16:3* by W
50, being S 16:3 of lot 22. College View Tract.
Oakland; $10. '
Estate of Elizabeth L. Hutchlnson (by Frank
B. Ogden, executor) to Annie R. Elliott (wif«
of W. L.), lot on E line of Telegraph avenue.
135 N of Bay place or Twenty-sixth street, E
140, N 60, S 60. Oakland: also lots 17 to 22.
Claremont Park, being redivision of lots 3 to 8,
Vernon Park, Oakland; $10.
Lizzie M. and Frances Ferrler to Samuel
Abrams. all Interest in lot on E line of Shat
tuck avenue, 52.59 N of Essex street, N 52.58.
E 105.9. S 52.50, W 109.07. block D. map of east
ern portion of Newbury Tract, Berkeley; $10. .
Mary Z. Chamberlain to Elizabeth K. Tomp
kins, all interest in lot on N line of Dwight
way. 158.76 (158.75) W of Piedmont way. W 50.18.
N 122.37. E 50. S parallel with E line of Audu
bon street to Dwight way, and being portion of
lot 52, in block C, portion of Blake property.
Berkeley; J100. .
Amanda Manaugh (widow) to J. Clem Ar
nold, all interest In lot on N line of Channinar
way. 339 " W of Shattuck avenue, W 41 by N
130, portion of block 2, Barker Tract, Berke
ley; $100.
Elizabeth Patterson (widow) to Town of
Berkeley, all Interest in lot on W line of Ful
ton street, 270 N of Dwight way. N 60 by W
150, portion of block 3, property of College
Homestead Association, and lots 9 and 12 on
map of Haste-street opening for uses and pur
poses of public street. Berkeley: $1300.
C. J. Atterbury to F. I. Foreman, lot on 3
line of Orange street, 326.10 E of Orchard ave
nue, S 150 by W 50. portion of lot 69, -Marion
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Eleanor S. Deering (widow) and Chester
Deering to Eva E. Peppln (wife of J. B.) r lot
en N line of Davis street, 479 W of Peralta '
avenue. NW 60. NE 120.66. SE 60, SW 121.28,
Deering Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
L. H. Sly, all Interest in lots 9 to 12. block C.
except portion deeded to Lloyd December 20.
1899, Latham Terrace. Brooklyn Township: also
lot beginning at NE boundary line of lot 8.
73 NW of Twenty-fifth avenue, thence SW to»
NE line of East Twenty-third street, thence
NW to intersection of NE boundary line of lot
8. SE 29.39 to beginning, being SW portion of
lot 8, block C, same: also lots 15 and 16. block
D, lots 7 to 11. block E. lot 3 block F. lots
19, 21 and 22, block G. same; $10. '
J. Kmart and Rhua M. Clark (by J. B. Lank-'
tree, commissioner) to Bank of Livermore. 160
acres, NE quarter of section 36. township 3
S, R 2 E. Murray Township; I30C0.
Anna de C. Rodriquez or Anna de Couiscoa
Rodriguez to Manuel M. Rodriguez, lot on
SE line of First street. 410.778 feet NE ot
Spring, NE 109.436 feet. E 3.472 chains. SW
179.462 feet, NW 2.88 chains to beginning, por
tion of unnumbered plat between First street
and plat 14, Pleasanton. Murray Township;
«'«• _-: ... . - _ . J'>i
F. Mathiesen to Mary Floyd, all interest In
lot beginning at NW corner of Leonard Tract,
thence NE along S line of county road 813.35,
SE along dividing line of lots S and 5. etc.. to
N line of right of way of Central Pacific Rail
road Company, thence SW along said last line
to SW corner of Leonard Tract, NW 160 to be
ginning, portion of Leonard Tract, Murray
Township (quitclaim deed); $1.
Myra' E. Halllnan (wife of James W.) to
Joseph Folcla. all Interest in lot on S Une of
Brown or Thirty-fourth street, 253 W of Tele
graph avenue. W 30 by S 123, Oakland; $10.
Wilhelm and Lizzie Conrad to Seward N.
Dodge, lot on W line of Chestnut street. 134:1'3
S of Twenty-first, S 34:«i by W 100. Oakland;
$10.
Edward A. and Julia Laparle to Horace La,
Perle "or Laparle. all interest in lot 10. block
32. Kellersberirer's Map. Oakland; $10.
Horace and Kate A. La Perls or Laparle to
Edward A. Laparle, lot 9 In block 35. same.
Oakland; 110.
Peter and Martha Chrlatensen to Andrew
Chrlstensen. all Interest In lot on W Une of
Cypress street. 31 S of Sixteenth. S 34:9 by W
"8. portion block SS2A, Basse Tract. Oakland;
S M Dodge to William J. ' Conrad, lot on S
line of' Sharon street.- 2CO E of Colby avenue, E
100 by S 150. portion block D, revised map
Claremont Avenue Tract. Oakland: $10.
C K Marshall to Julia E. Marshall, lot on
NW corner of Telegraph avenue and Walton
street N 60:lVt by W 181. lot 24. and S H ot
lot 25* Brown Tract. Oakland: gift.
George K. and 'Minnie M. Tufts to Margaret
Wiseman lot on SW corner of Shattuck avenue
and Delaware street. S 40. W 100.05,. N 39.W.
E 102.87, portion block 5, Sea View Park, Berke-
Josepii and Maria Damm to Peter Von Ah,
all Interest in lot on NE corner of Tenth street
and Harrison avenue. N 50 by E 120. portion
block L. Huntlngton Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; ?10.
Supervisor Rowe said: "It would seem
that the title to this land must have,
lapsed before this time as the agreement
to build the road was made twenty years
ago."
Renton. Holmes & Co. of San Francisco,
who are 'disputing the right-of-way with
the Supervisors, were represented by
Clarence Crowell. He said that his clients
hold deeds to the strip of land In question,
conditioned upon the completion of the
road within a reasonable time.
OAKLAND, Aug. 14.— The Board of Su
pervisors met to-day to consider the case
put forward 'by claimants to the right-of
way over which the county wishes to build
a road connecting Alameda and Contra
Costa counties and referred the whole
matter to the District Attorney for an
opinion on the legal points Involved.
Liens Given for Rights of
Tunnel Route.
Efforts Made to Compromise Old
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SUPERVISORS CONFER
WITH ROAD CLAIMANTS
ALAMEDA, Aug. 14.-R. TV. Theobald,
former secretary of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty- to Children In San
Francisco, was on. trial this afternoon in
Justice Morris' court for battery upon
Willie Schaarschmidt, a 14-year-old boy.
The boy's story was conflicting and the
jury did not waste any time bringing In
a verdict of not guilty.
Jury Acquits Theobald.
BERKELEY, Aug. 14.— The High School
building now in the course of construction
will not be ready, for occupancy next
Monday, as exnected. Instead of meeting
there the students will assemble in the
Commercial School, on Center street, for
organization. Ihe seniors will meet at 9
o'clock Monday and the mlddlers at 1
o'clock. The juniors will meet Tuesday at
9 o'clock, and the sub-juniors at 1 o'clock.
No date for the opening of the new High
School has been set. The strike is respon
sible for the delay In its completion.
High School Not Heady.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 11. — General Manager
W. F. Kelly says that it is not the inten
tion of the Oakland Transit Company to
cut Alamedaout as the terminus of the
Leona Heights road. The story that such
was the intention arose from a misappre
hension, the transfer point having been
only temporarily changed during the
opening week at Mills College to accom
modate the students. Manager Kelly
states that President Mills has impor
tuned him to transfer to the Haywards
line, but he has refused to do so because
the change would make it necessary to
transfer Alameda-bound passengers twice.
Nothing would be gained at all by the
change and a large portion of the track
would have to be abandoned.
Transfer Point Changed Temporarily.
ALAJIEDA, Aug. 14.— The children of
Mastlck School, formerly the Enclnal
School, will take part In exercises Friday
afternoon at the school in honor of the
rechrlstenlng of the building. The exer
cises will consist of a flag raising, unveil
ing of a portrait of the late E. B. Mas
tick and other ceremonies. The pro
gramme 'will open with "America." ¦which
¦will be sung by the pupils, and then will
follow an address by TV. E. Creed, the
unveiling of the portrait, presentation of
a flag by President Frank Otis of the
Board of Education, salute and the song
"Star-spangled Banner" by the pupils.
The flag is the gift of President Otis.
Was Named.
of the Man After Whom It
Mastick School Will Unveil a Portrait
EXEBCISES IN HONOR
OF SCHOOL RECHRISTENTNG
When the recorder's office closed this
evening 639 persons had applied for ad
mission to the freshman class as regular
students. This is an Increase of fifty
during the past two days and an increase
of nmety-six over the applications re
ceived last year.
To-morrow the upper class men will
register in the gymnasium from 9 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Officers of Instruction will
keep office hours from 9:30 to 12 o'clock,
and at 1 o'clock instruction in some of
the courses will begin. Practically to
morrow will be the first day of the col
lege year. •
Drill this year will continue under the
instruction/ of Captain Henry de H.
Walte, U. S. A., retired, who has made
himself exceedingly popular with the col
lege men during his professorship at
Berkeley.
Next Wednesday morning the men of
the freshman class ¦will be called together
between North and South hall and formed
Into a single line extending along the
roadway running past the two buildings.
Then they will be divided into six compa
nies according to their heights and the
companies subdivided Into squads under
non-commissioned officers for first in
struction in drill. The freshman compa
nies this term will be under the com
mand of the following-named captains:
E. H. Pearce, Company G; \V. H. Popert,
Company H; I. B. Rhodes, Company I;
R. S. Springer, . Company K; N. Vander
bilt, Company L; E. M. Weight, Company
M. The upper class companies will be
A, B, C, r>, E and F.
One of the big days of the college year
will fall on "Wednesday, the 21st inst., for
then the men of the baby class will, be
lined up and formed Into companies for
drill. This event always attracts great
crowds, not only of students, but of vis
itors from neighboring cities. The col
lege women, with hardly a. single excep
tion, assemble in front of the library,
much to the embarrassment of the fresh
men and to the enjoyment of the co-eds.
Unfortunately, for them alone, the juniors
and sophomores are not privileged to see
this event, because they are compelled to
drill elsewhere. The senior men, who just
stepped out of the military harness last
term, get enough sport out of It, however,
for the other two classes. The antics they
perform annually are as amusing as those
of the freshmen.
BERKELEY, Aug. 14.-Work In themM
itary department of the University of
California will commence Monday, when
the upper classes will be assembled for
drill. They will meet at 11:15 a. m. at
the same hour the freshmen are assem
bled In the gymnasium to meet the presi
dent and faculty. The two events' are
carefully arranged beforehand to take
place at the same time. v^f or with the
Juniors and sophomores keeping step over
the campus the freshmen can meet and
depart in undisturbed peace.
Freshmen Will Be Organized
and Divided Into Six
Companies.
Upper Class Men to Hold
Their First Drill on
. Monday.
MILITARY PLANS
AT UNIVERSITY
In the following cases defaults have
been entered against the plaintiffs: Fran
ces Wyber against Albert C. Wyber,
George W. Travis against Jessie Travis,
Jennie Bambridge against Frank G. Barn
bridge-and George Fiege^ against Minnie
Fiege.
The case thus disposed of aroused wide
interest at the time It was tried. Mantel
achieved fame as "the man from Mexico"
by endeavoring to have the police depart
ments from Chihuahua to the California
line stop his wife as she fled from him
after twenty-four hours as his bride In the
heart of the southern republic. Mantel
was called south by telegraph just before
the marriage was performed, and left im
mediately after it. Instructing his bride
to follow him. She was In no hurry to
comply with his orders, and when the
couple met there was a quarrel, a flight
and pursuit, culminating in the divorce.
OAKLAND. Aug. 14.— Judge Hall has
thrown out of court the proceedings insti
tuted by Adam Mantel to have set aside
the decree of divorce recently granted his
wife. ¦-:¦ '¦:: \
His "Wife's Suit for Divorce.
Judge Refuses to Grant a Retrial of
"MAW PROM MEXICO OUT
OF COURT ON DECICIO*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1901.
11
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission Bt.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
TWO roulettes, only S75 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. Tth and 8th; other machines.
SLOT MACHINES.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN^T^PEWRITERi^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, 53. The Typewriter
Exchange, E36 California; telephone Main 266.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J1500— REDUCED $500 for quick sale.
Owners took property for a debt; cannot
occupy it; hence will sell at a sacrifice; one-
story and a half; 5 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences; lot 35x100; convenient to
cars, schools, etc.; almost new; first come
first served. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$3000— SHOULD sell for J5000. Not my fault
Owners must have money: hence a sale
without reserve; 9 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences; lot 50 feet front; No. 1
neighborhood; house alone said to have cost
{3503. One week only.
j. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
J3500 PROPERTY for $2500. •
Lot ECxUO; sunny and convenient to cars,
schools, etc.: 6 rooms and bath; owner. has
left Oakland on account of sickness and must
eell; this is a bargain and must be seen to
be appreciated. J. S. MYERS & CO.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, cal.
HOUSE3 of every description and Pjic« on '
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD.
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10. ;
ROOMS AXD 'BOARD WANTED.
j BO \RD and lodging wanted, Oakland or Fruit-
vale; lady and 2 daughters. S and 12 years;
must be moderate; rooms furnished or un-
furntshed; permanent. Box 4707. Call -of flee.
OAKLAND FIIHXITURB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.
CAPP. 634. near Twenty-first— Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; private family: refs.
EIGHTH, 225—3 unfurnished sunny rooms for
housekeeping; water free; $10.
FIFTH, 3T>3— 3 connecting housekeeping, J14;
\ also 3, $20; also single. $4 up a month.
$1 50 WEEK— Sunny housekeeping room;- stove;
closets; bath; private. £34 Folsom st.
FOLSOll, 853— A large sunny bedroom with
kitchen adjoining and yard.
FULTON. 12C<j. near Scott — 3 sunny unfurnished
j rooms, bath, laundry; reference.
HOWARD. 650— A front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1003— Large room, . carpeted,
partly furnished; connected with complete
kitchen; adults; 520. -
LINDEN ave.. 316. near Gough— One . large
sunny room with use of kitchen.
MINNA. Ill',*— Bay-window housekeeping suite
$2 60; hay-window housekeeping room Jl 75.
POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
; furnished for housekeeping: S15 up; reference.
SHOTWELL, S7S— 2 sunny connecting rooms;
separate entrance; gas, range, bath and
laundry.
TEHAMA. 47S, near. Sixth — 3 nice rooms com-
• plete for housekeeping; $11.
TURK. F25-Solar flats; fine; new. Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping:
unfurn. and furnished: electricity: Janitor.
VAN NESS. SOT— Elegantly furnished rooms;
also fine suite; housekeeping.
WALLER. 210— Unfurnished for housekeeping,
beautiful suite of sunny parlors, lavatory, hot
and cold water, bath, gas grate: grand view;
also sunny bedroom: private family.
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORX HOTEL— 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 23c; free coach.
A— Kewly— Furnished— Private— Residence.
S32 O'Farrell St
Parlor f-uite, suitable for Physician or Dent-
ist; Other suites and singles from $10 up; re*.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, MS Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to ta per week, and
I light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 146 Third— 200 rooms; newly I
reno\-ate<l: 23c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. IS Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished rooms, $1 SO per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central.
BURNETT. 1!26 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur- j
nlshed rms., suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly J
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210 — Elegant single and double rooms;
running water; terms moderate.
ELLIS. 639. corner Larkin— Large sunny bay-
window housekeeping bedroom, $7.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
j $1 10 WEEK — Large sunny furnished room;
! closet; bath. Call by 8 p. m. at 834 Folsom st.
__ |
FOURTH, 223 — 3 sunny front rooms, suitable |
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable; up-
. stairs.
GEART. 405. The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk j
et.. near Market— Central location; new build- i
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class; ]
60c per day ana upward; special rates by the j
¦week or month; best in the city; references; j
take Market-6t. cable cars to Turk st. 1
HOWARD, 10G3 (The Harvey)— Sunny furnished !
front bay-window room; electric lights; $10; I
others. I
HYDE, 1414—4 unfurnished rooms, parlor floor;
also 3 rooms In lower floor; sun all day.
KEARNY. 84. and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single. |
LEAVENWORTH. 207— Nicely furnished quiet
sunny rooms, en suite or single; $9 to $15.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur- :
nlshed rooms. ?2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms for
hkpg.; Jl?: also rooms for transient; baths.
MARKET. 1802— Modern house: furniture new;
. gas grates: running water: all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred: references.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms 810 up.
MASON. 107— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, Jl per week; transient.
NEAT, pleasant, cheap room to let at 119 Ful-
ton st. "
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PINE. 9S8— Newly furnished rooms; fine loca-
tion; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to Jl 50: week, $2 to
JS; month. SS to $20: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth 6t.
.near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON, 257. between 3d and 4th— Sunny
famished rooms to let; moderate prices.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water: baths: phone; cheap.
THE CF.CILENE. 930 Van Ness ave.
Eachelors* apartments; elegantly furnished;
pM Funny rooms: references.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
FOUR sunny rooms, single or en suite; excel-
lent board; In modern new flat; cheerful at-
tendance; references exchanged: terms rea-
sonable. 1184 Ellis st.; phone Larkln 2150.
ON RIncon Hill. 4 blocks from Palace Hotel-
Prices per week, $3 50, $4, $5: Industrious girls
or students can profit by this offer. Write or
call at 570 Harrison st.
CALIFORNIA. $07— Stevenson mansion: select
family hotel exceptional tab!e;attractlve rms.
HOTEL ReDeller, 7S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. -.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elegant parlor suites: all
com-. : 2 or 4 gentlemen; best table board.
ROOMS WASTED.
SINGLE man. steady, desires sunny room:
private family; central; state terms. Box
4659. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no Other;
eend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall; at drug-
BistB. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9^10, tel. 5580.
Catarrh, positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor: trial free; send for circular. 935 Mkt, r. 8.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SBWLXG, MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng: lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
1 pairlnz; lowest rates: nhona Mint .43. 145 Sixth.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. U & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60: anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up.' 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
Our C; and "S. Blend— 60c lb.
Ceylon Breakfast and Sun Dried Japan.
¦ We serve afternoons $ i . oo i mixed
tea made in our '*. Trilby Infuser Tea
Pot " — using y 2 regular proportion only
5 ft), lots of; tea sent free ioo miles
English Breakfast and Voung Hyson.
Our Tip; Top Blend— 60c lb.
Ceylon Oolong, and Sun Dried Japan.
Our.New Blend— 60c lb.
Formosa Oolong, and Uncolored Japan.
Our Sunset Blend— 60c lb.
Ceylon, India, China and Gunpowder.
Our London Blend— 60c lb.
All the various teas -grown.
We make a specialty of blend-
ing teas, carefully selecting pure,
fresh teas of various flavors, with
proper attention to cup merit.
Blended teas should be mixed -a fort-
night before selling. Each leaf has then
the blended flavor of all "combined.
Family Mixed— 50, 60, ,75,
and .'$1.00 per lb.
Blended Teas
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 24 (20 cents
per share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 227 Market st., on and after Thurs-
day. August 15, 1901. Transfer books closed
on Friday. August 9. 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m.
- H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco. Aug. 8, 1901— Dividend No. 191, of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
. Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
at the office of said company, room 16, second
floor. Mills building, on August IS, 1301; trans-,
fer books will close on August 9, 1901, at 3
p. m. EDWARD McGART. Secretary,
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 94 (twelve
and one-half cents per share) of the Hutch-
lnson Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
at the office of the company, 327 Market St.,
on and after Tuesday, August 20, 1901. Trans-
fer books closed Tuesday. August IS, 1901, at
S o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS. Sec.
1 43 Market St, bet. 7 & 8. Telphone Mint 761
OCEAN TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., August 14, 1901.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, • ¦will be re-
ceived here until 11 a. m., Thursday, August
29, 1901. and then' opened, for construction
(Including plumbing, heating and electric
wiring) of hospital at Fort Mason, Cal. Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids in whole or In part. Preference
Kiven to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (including In the
price of foreign productions the duty there-
on) being equal, and such preference given
to articles of American production produced
on the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public . service there. Infor-
mation furnished on application to J. M.
MARSHALL. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
earl, Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey., San Simeon, Cayucoa, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa Barbana.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro
and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays,
9 a. m. . . .
For Ereenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m'.. Tth each month.
For further information obtain .company's
foldersr ¦ • ¦ " — .
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ i Steamers leave- Broadway
Hk ' . Wharf, San Francisco: \ ¦
iQl*^ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
EWKw&igk every fifth day. Change to
|63prCS«Bt company's steamers at Seattle.
laTMEBM For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
KwBIWl C), Pert Townsend, Seattle,
fWjSKjL^Mft Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
t^lSw and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m., every fifth day.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.
every fifth day. • . '. .
For San Dieso, stopping: only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a, m. ;
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, 9
a. m. . - . ;.-¦"-
BORN,
CONNIFF— In this city, August 14, 1901, to the
•wife of P. J. Connlff, a son.
KATZ— In this city, August 11. 1901, to the
wife of Charles Katz, a daughter.
MICHELSEN (nee RODE)— In this city, Au-
gust 13, 1901, to the wife of F. Mlchelsen
Jr., a son.
MITCHELL— In this city, August 13, 190L to
the wife of Joseph Mitchell, a son.
NICHOLS— In this city. August 7. 1901. to the
wife of William H. Nichols, a daughter.
Birth, marriasre and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES- DEATHS.
ANDERSON— BOGGS— In this city. July 3D.
1901. by the Rev. Father McGoueh, Nlel T.
Anderson and Gertrude M. Boggs.
COGSWELL— HAGEMAN— In this City, Au-
Kus-t 14, 1901, by the Rev. William Rader,
Frederick L. Cog-swell and Cora Hageman,
MARRIED.
S S MARIPOSA. for ..Honolulu only.
,..", ..1 .........Saturday, August 31, -2 p.- m.
S S. SONOMA (via | Honolulu), for' Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia. •...
.Thursday, August 22, 10 a. m.
S S AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..
Wednesday, September 11, 10 a. m.
j. D.SPHECKELS & BROS. CO., fiinsral Agents. 327 Market St
Een'l Passsnger Office, 643 Market St.; Pier No. 7. Pacific St
l@££flliliC&.$«v0« ZEAUND ' nd 8YDMEr '
VVVUIHVV««^VWi DIREOf LINE TO TAHITI.
(Successor - to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY/J. GALLAGHER CO.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
San Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
From Howard street at 2 p. m. .
Freight and passenger of fife, 330 Market at.
•.¦"* Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meala Free.
S.&.Ar&yll soils , Auft. *
8. 6. Leolanaw, nails i^S*I f:^ u ''
8. S. Argyll hsI's . Sept.
PANAMA R.R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
Point Lobos ave., S. F.. Cal.
The ordinance prohibiting burials In San
Francisco • after the first day of August, 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there la
nothing less harmful to the living than the
ashes of their dead.
Permits • to cremate will ' be issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore..
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
CREMATION*
And CIA SUD AMBBICAiNADB VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m. " v < •
PERU ..;..".... Aug. 161PALENA .......Sept. 4
GUATEMALA.. Aug. 221COLOMBIA ....Sept. 20
, These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and \ South "American passenger , service.
(No change at Acapulco or 'Panama). Freight
and r . passenger office. 1 316 California street. • j
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
Eugene McGinn. McGINN BKOS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera,
21 EDDI STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco.
No Connection With Any Other House.
ALBERT— In this city, -August 13, 1901, Louis
Albeit, a native of California, aged 36 years
11 months and 26 days.
inTRemains at the parlors of Charles
J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street. .
BAREILLES— In this city, August 14, 1901,
Louis Bareilles, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
Jacques Bareilles, and beloved brother of
DIED.
Albert. Louis Kenney. Bridget !
Baraty, Marcel Ina. King. Joseph F.
Bareilles. Louis Klute. Frederika ', •• ¦
Boyd, Seth C. Le Breton. Captain
Burke. Frances M. Charles P.
Crarghton, Patrick McFall, Sarah
Dand. John Metcalf. Samuel A.
Drish, Ethel M. Mlchelsen (Infant)
Frank. Mrs. S. Rose. Susan
Glasspoole, Robert Rowe, John M.
Hegmann, Gustav Santa Cruz. Angellta
KaufTman, Joseph Vanderhoof, Hfervey
' on,.
TflrnL exchange 2000 or S000 shares in a flret-
<=s producing oil company for city lots or
Anything good and tangible. Box 47S3, Call.
OI" tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
fizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
PALMISTRV.
fc'RS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones Bt.
PEKSO.\ALS.
.i — IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell Bt.. and
vou will not be disappointed: this remedy is
positively guaranteed; preparation cent to all
. parts of the world; call or send for circular.
OUR new book free, sealed, fully illustrated,
treats of all conditions of men, how to attain
•Perfect Manhood"; should be in the hands
of every male adult. Address ERIE
MEDICAL CO.. "Book Pept.." Buffalo. N. Y.
{It SO— SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
51— Solid oak chair: factory price,
fl— Enamel beds, fill sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Ft., near Market;- 700 rooms;
"be to $1 50 per r.Ssrht; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
51 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch, $15 up; fine dress suits $20 up; ele-
psnt overcoats. $13 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ft., between Seventh and Kighth.
BAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WHITE enanicl Iron beds, clne-le. three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN* OUTFITTING
CO., 1510-1512 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 1(
years' experience. J. B. Ray. S36 Mission St.
FACE massage, SOc; a new and scientific treat-
ment: done at 121 Mason st. F. A. ZIRKEL.
LADY hairdresser, a small room all fur-
nished; cheap rent. 232 Ellis st.
am. LAMOTTE*S French Corn Taint, the best
|^Tn cure; 15c; all druggists.
¦A^-FREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores graj
hair to lts«ng.tural color: Jl: at all druggists.
SUPERFLrOTTS hair and moles destroy*! wjtl:
electric needle.. MISS EATON". 1119 Sutter st
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Psrlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stone-
bought. J. R. JEN'KF.L. S17 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs
country orders. GOLDSTEIX & CO.. 733 Mkt
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
r>R~C~cTo' DOKKELL-^Of flcTand^residence
1021% Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfull j
treats all diseases of the human body: £e<
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis
A — DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: sanitarium
764-766 Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
PLAXIXG AXD TURX1XG MILLS.
¦^"OOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
end Sawing:. CARL V. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
HEAZK2CARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
TTe have unusual good Bargains now.
Secure a home ¦with little money.
TTZ. $100 to 5250 — Level lots near Mlsslon-st.
care; $5 monthly.
til. S100 to $350— Best Ocean Boulevard, lots,
only $5 monthly; ready to ' build on.
$500 to $800 — Graded and sewered ineompar-
E-ble Sunset lots; your own terms.
Eunaet Branch office. 9th ave.. near H st
/ ~$<00 to $800 — Richmond lots, only $10 monthly.
JSSO. $1000. S1200, 12600 to $3000— Bargains In
modern cottages. Sunset. Richmond and Mis-
sion districts; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
m 64 Chronicle building.
X CHOICE sunny northwest corner; lust the
lot to build flats on; eize 37:6 by 110; only
$3750; cable cars pass: stone pavement; basalt
r locks; etreet accepted; 5 sunny flats can be
built; the cheapest let In Western Addition;
a fine purchase for good income surrounded
with fieelrable homes. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.
CHOICE lots, fine location for Sats, on the
north or eunny side of Union St., between
Pierce and Scott; on the slope of the hill; j
elevated ground: marine view; stone pave- I
inent, basalt blocks and sewered: garden
loam on. lot* ready for building:; nice sur-
roundings; fine homes; the flats will rent
before the buildings are finished; be sure
to see these lots; the cheapest In the West- I
ern Addition: only four left; 25 by lift each; j
cable cars pass; really they are •worth double
the price asked. W. J. QUNX. 530 California. !
ELEGANT home; sacrificed at half original
cost; 11 sunny rooms, bath, attic, basement
with furnace; all In fine order; lot 80x114; j
large garden; magnificent view;* part cash, i
balance mortgage, or exchange for Income city I
Improvements. Owner, 50S California, room 30.
6IX. eeven and eight rooms cottages: also two
flat houses In block between 17th. 25th. Castro
end I»'oe ste. ; >4 cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. KEL-
BON. builder.
BARGAIN— House and lot for sale; lot 25x112.
Inquire at 22 Oak Grove ave.
REAL INSTATE COC.VTEY For Sale
'I— FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO ¦
Email tracts, $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotaxi. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
6an Francisco ls growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California Bt, for pam-
phlets or Information.
I"OtTLTKT and dairy ranches for eale: write for
Tree list. C. R. WTNFIELD. Petalnma, Cal.
B.7I0ICB farm bargains; call or Bend for llet.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.OIED.V REAL ESTATE.
FOR 6 ALE. ™™~™-~~~~~-~™
Great bargains of valuable lota In Alameda,
1— EO lots; $150 to $200.
J— 3 lots; 25x250; $200 each.
t— 4 lota; 25x267; $200.
4—1 lot; 40x135; $450.
6—1 lot; 60x125; $350.
6—1 lot: 60x120; $350.
7— House of 8 rooms; large lot; $8500; reduced
to $52£0.
t — Elegant house on Clinton ave. of 8 rooms;
modern; $5000.
E. D. JTOD ft CO.,
1(24 Park et.. Alameda.
BARGAIN'S; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; hi. cash. Bank: of Ala.
DbKALrLLi AUYlKIIoMMo.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
, — --.- -- ..-¦¦ . .- —
SCO. 114 — $5700; ID-room bouse; lot 0x155; best
part of beautiful Berkeley. .
No. 118—12250; 6-room cottage: fine neigh-
borhood; three blocks to Berkeley station;
tasy payments.
Xo. 122— $1200; 6 rooms and attic; corner lot;
:'•>:] :0; a big bargain.
No. ll»— $1750; 6 rooms and high basement;
attic floored; three blocks to local; one block
to electric cars.
i No. 122— $6200; block of 4 flats, well located:
" all rented; excellent lnx-estment; owner go-
ing East: must be sold.
S. S. QUACKEXBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance,
Opposite First National Bank.
CALL and eee the two new 6-room cottages I
am building: high basement; mantel; all the
latest plumbing; well, tank and windmill;
30 minutes to R. R. station; price only $1400;
i!00 cash; balance on easy payments. J. R.
PERKINS, Lcrln Station. Berkeley.
JCEW 6-room cottage, high basement, mantel,
folding doors, tiled sink, pantry, electric and
gae fixtures; all the latest open plumbing;
only 2 minutes' walk to railroad station; H
_ Mock to electric cars; pric* only $1800; $100
cash, balance like rent. J. R. PERKINS,
Lorln Station. Berkeley. ,
FOR eale — In Berkeley, near university, 6 new
modern houses; email payment down, balance
fame as rent; lot 40xiS6; street work com-
plete; lawn and garden made: 10 bearing fruit
trees on every lot; house ready to move into;
water connected; push buttons and electric
fixtures: shades, mantels, bookcases and tide,
board; C, 7 and 8 rooms; from $2600 up; grand
jr.arine view; cement walks; porcelain tubs;
two closets and fences. M. L. WCRTS,
Seventeenth st. and Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKI.AXD REAL ESTATE.
fl75 CASH; *9 monthly; % acre, more or less,
with a rustic cottage of 8 rooms; chicken
house, shed etc.; nice assortment of full-
bearing fruit trees; fine living spring; "City
water in house; C-foot picket fence, trees and
shrubbery; fine eoil; no fogs nor raw winds;
nicely chrlterc-d; Just the spot for chicken
raising; rrlce ?9W all told; two blocks from
electric oar line; 9 minutes' walk to local
<4 train S. F. ; near 2 fine school houses and 2
v churches; adjolnlnx Karl Oakland. Call or
eend for clrcuiar. 4S* Seventh et., oppoelte
Jlroadway Station. OckUnd: carriage free.
ZIENRY 95. JONES. Owner.
<Shanahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.NrA«ELLIS 'SSXF. 5056
AMERICAN LINE.
KEWT05K.. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PABI1
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
•Zeeland' August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
St Paul August 2S St. Paul.-. Sept. 18
St' Louis Sept. 4 St. Louis Sept 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Wednesdays, at. 12 noon.
•Zeeland .....August 21 Vaderland . Sept. lt
Frlesland ....August 28 Kensington ....Sept. lf»
Southwark Sept. 4 Zeeland .... Sept. 23
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. •¦ .. ¦
.W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
' Wednesday, September 4. 1901
SS NIPPON MARU.. Friday, September 27, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.... -
...Wednesday, October 23. 1901
STEAMERS WILI, LEAVE WHARF7»COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at ' Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
TOYQ KISEN KAISHA.
ocean travel;
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANS ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. /,,,-
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of .^yfjra
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42,
North River, foot- of Morton street; La- Nor-
mandle, -August 22;* La Bretagne, August 29;
La Champagne," September 6;.*La Savole, Sep-
tember. 12.
First class to Havre, J70 and upward. Second
cliss to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by. all, Railroad Ticket Agents.-
?Twin Screw Express Steamers. ¦ ->-¦¦>'.-.
BAY AND. EIVEE STEAMERS.
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE or MONTICELLO
'9:45 a. m., 3:15. and 8:30 p.m., except San-
day.. Sunday, 9:45 a.'m., 8:30 p. m. . Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 . noon, ' 6>p. m.; except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main , 1508. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH BROS.
To the ATLIN, WHITE HORSE. HOOTA-
LINQUA. BIG SALMON. STEWART RIVER.
KLONDIKE - and TUKON MINING DIS-
TRICTS. ' ' • : • -
Ocean steamers connecting with rail line . at
Skaguay, Alaska. • , ' , ¦ .'¦'• ¦
DOUBLE DAILY TRAIN SERVICE BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAT AND WHITE HORSE.
Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
linqua and Big Salmon ininea.
Direct connection ir.ado at WHITE HORPE
WITH BRITISH YUKON NAVIGATION
COMPANY'S FLEET OF FIXE STEAMERS
TO DAWSCTJ.
Connections made at DAWSON FOR ALL
LOWER YUKON P.IVER POINTS.
For freight over this route, quick dispatch Is
assured; to the traveler, comfort and quick
time.
The White Pass and Yukon Route ls the
Summer Tourist's Paradise.
E. C. HAWKINS. General Manager. Seattle,
Wash.
3. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manager.
Skaguav. Alaska: Seattle, .Wash.
M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agent.
' v 536 Market st.. City.
Will I p PASS ANSI
Will 11/ I /iJJ -iilil/
Rinaldo Debarbleri, 21, 180 Vandewater street,
and Gussle Dippel, 18, 809^ Montgomery ave.
Thomas Dolnhin, 23, 276 California avenue,
and Mary E. T. Loftus. 18, 276 California ave.
Lawrence W. Newport. 27. 317S Sixteenth
street, and Catharine A. Dinneen, 23, 1205
Turk street.
Bernard J. Jcssph, 26. 6C6 Grove street, and
Minnie Webster. 23. 502 Van Ness avenue.
Arthur Hewitt. 28. 9C2 Montgomery street.
and Maggie Morris, 21, 902 Montgomery street.
Harry T. Shepston, 27, 452 Bartlett street,
and May G. Casey, 20, 1103 McAllister street.
John Schlicht. 33. 746 Geary street, and Mary
Short, 26, 22 Mary street.
Charles I. Allen. 34, 309 Clementina street,
and Maria Mortenson, 27, 706 Ellis street.
Walter L. W. Brand. 23, W4 Eddy street, and
Lizetta Dorn. 18, 744 Howard street..
Robert O. Bailey. 22, Cincinnati, and Ida E.
Wismuth, 24, Eureka. Cal.
The following marrlace licenses were Issued
yesterday:
George L. Robbins, 39, Portervllle, and Ora
Rhodes. 29. Porterville.
Lorentz A. Winnburg, 26, Six-mile House,
and Annie E. Carlson, 23, Berkeley.
Stephen S. Farley, 33. 1063 Tennessee street,
and Martha Pombert. 19. 297 Shipley street.
Jules H. Snitzer, 29, 820 Howard street, and
Catharine Kenney, 26. Oakland.
Harry Israelsky. 27, 878 McAllister street,
and Meda Mason, 25, 527 Capp street.
Edward C. Rowland, 3S, city, and Helen A.
L. Lance, 37, city-
Herman Eteinhasren. 33, Presidio, and Maria
Boehm, 35. 1322 Van Ness avenue.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
O. R. & N. CO,
Only Steamahlp Lino *o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail LIns from Portland to all
rofnts East. Through flslcetn to all
.points, nil rail or ateamxfiiD nn'.i rail, a!
LOWEST HATES,
Balls Aug. 1. 11. 21, 31. Sept. 10, 20, 30
ES. GEO. W. ELDER........ '.
Sails Aug. 6, 16, 26, Sept. 5. 15, 25
D.W.HlTCHCOCK.GKN.Agt..l Montgm'y. 3.F.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUD3 BER73 and MEALS.
6S. COLUMBIA ...: -
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., Aug. 6, 1901— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m. August 21, 1901, for furnishing
and delivery at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
126 Standard Artillery Horses; delivery to
commence within sixty days after award of
contract: preference given to animals of do-
mestic production, conditions of quality and
price being equal. United States reserves the
right to reject any or all bids or. any part
thereof. For further information see circular
to bidders or apply to this office. Envelopes
containing proposals should be marked:
"Proposals for Artillery Horses," and ad-
dressed to the undersigned.
J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Aug. 12. 1901— Sealed
proposals in triplicate will be received here
until 11 a. m., Tuesday, August 27. 1901, and
then opened, for construction (including
plumbing, heating, electric fixtures and elec-
tric wiring), at the U. S. A. General Hospi-
tal. Presidio of San Francisco, Cal., of iso-
lation ward (Ward F). Government re-
serves the right to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole or in part. Preference
given to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of price and quality (including in the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
being equal, and such preference given to
articles of American production produced on
the Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption
required by the public service there. In-
formation furnished on application to J. M.
MARSHALL. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral, U. S. Army, Chief Quartermaster.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— In the matter of
the estate of EDWARD HARMON SHEL-
DON, deceased:
Notice ls hereby given to the creditors of,
and all persons having claims against the above
named deceased, to present them within .ten
(10) months after the date of this notice to the
County Clerk of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, at his office In
the city and county of San Francisco.
Dated August 12 1901. WM. A. DEANE,
Clerk. By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
XOTICE TO CREDITORS.
Noelie. Marie, Anna, Pierre , and Veronlque
Bareilles, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years 6 monthe and 21 days.
E7 Friends arid acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1" o'clock, from, his late' resi-
dence, 1436 Seventh avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, thence to the French Church of Notre
Dame des Vlctolres. where services will be
held. ...
BAR ATT— In this city, August . 14, 1901, Mar-
cellna Baraty, widow of -the late J. M.
Baraty, and mother of Mrs. A. D. Wilson, a
native" of Mazatlan, Mexico, aged 54 years.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.'.
BOYD— In San Rafael. August 13, 1901, Seth
Cook, eldest son of John F. and Louise A.
Boyd, a native of San Rafael, aged 17 years
- and 14 days. • rr*- ¦ ¦
cyFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
Paul's Episcopal Church, San Rafael. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
BURKE— In this city, August 14, 1901, Frances
Mary beloved ¦ wife of P. D. Burke, and
loving mother of Charles J. and : Lillian
Prince and Mrs. Addle Siguere of "Guatemala
and Mrs. Mamie Welch, a native of the City
of Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 60 years.
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 23 Stanley place, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, Fremont and Harrison streets,
where a solemn reauiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRARGHTON— In this city, August 13, 1901,
Patrick Crarghton, a native of Ireland, aged
£9 years.
DAND— In this city, August 14, 1901. at the
: Southern Pacific Hospital, John Dand,. a na-
tive of England, aged 74 years.. '
DRISH— In this city, August 13, 1901, Ethel M.
Drish. youngest daughter of Mrs. Augustus
Johnson, and sister of Edith Drish.- a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 years and 20
days. •¦ ' :
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thuvsday), at 10 o'clock, at the
• First United Presbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,' by -11:30
o'clock, train from /Third and- Townsend
streets. ¦ '. ' .:
FRANK— In Fruttvale. August 14," 1901. Mrs
Salome Frank, beloved mother of Augustus,
George, Fred and Herman Frank, Mrs.
Charles A. Gibson and Mrs.- H. Lankenau, a
native of Alsace, Germany, aged 69 years 3
months and 17 days. _ .
IC?" Notice of funeral In Friday morning's
papers.
GLASSPOOLE— In the City and County Hos-
pital, August 3, 1901, Robert Glasspoole, a
. native of Wisconsin, aged 27 years.
HEGMANN— In Santa Rosa, Aucrust 12. 1901,
Gustav Hegmann, beloved husband of Bertha
Hegmann, and father of Josle Hegmann, a
native of Elberftld, Germany, aged 42 years.
A member of the German Krieger Vereln.
(Santa Rosa papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy street, where funeral services
. will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
man KrleKer Vereln. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street. V
KAUFFMAN— In Paris, Joseph Kauff man, be-
loved father of Isidor, Leon and Jules fcauff-
man, Mrs. A. Eisenberg, Mrs. A. Knopf-
' . macher, Mrs. M. Fredrick and Mrs. A.
j Meyer, aged 90 years. .
KENNEY— In this city, August 13, 1901, Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late James Kenney,
and cousin of Bernard McArdle, a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 95 years. (Bal-
timore papers please copy.) . •
C Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Bernard McArdle. 656^4 Minna, street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the reDOse of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KING — Joseph Francis King, only., child of
Joseph and Lizzie King, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month and 28 days.
KLUTE— In this city, August" 13, • 1901,- Fred-
erika, beloved wife of Adolph Klute, and
mother of Adolph Jr., Carl, Freda and Elsie
Klute, a native of Bremervoerde, Germany,
aged 45 years 7 months and 11 days.
C7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
LE BRETON— In this city, August 14, 1901,
Captain Charles P., beloved husband of Vlo-
lana P. Le Breton, and father of Caro L.,
Charles P. Jr., Harrie S.. Laura and Alli-
son Le Breton, a native of Massachusetts,
aged Gli years -8 months and 5 days.
CTFriends are respectfully Invited -to at-
I tend -tbe funeral services to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 2 o'clock, at National Guard Ar-
mory. S15 Ellis street.
McFALL— In this city. August 13. 1901. Sarah I
McFall. a native of California,. aged 29 years.
METCALF— In Berkeley. August 14, 1901, Sam-
uel A., .beloved husband of the late Joan E.
Metcalf, and father of Mrs. Georgie E. Rus-
sell, Mrs. -Hugh Davidson and Mrs. -A. W.
-Marquis, a native of Peterborough, N. H.,
nped SI years 6 months and 20 days.
MICHELSEN— In this city, August 13. 1901,
inrant so.i'of Mr. and- Mrs, F. Mlchelsen, Jr.
ROSE — In Oakland. August 13, 1301. Susan
Rc.«e, beloved mother of Frank, William,
Edward, James and Kate Rose, Mrs. Ella
McGreevy, Mrs. Annie Murray, Mrs. Susie
Rogers and Mrs. Lizzie Stanley, and wife of
the late Frank Rose, a native of Ireland,
aged 65 years.
(cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), on the arrival of the 9:10 a. m.
train at Niles, and thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Mission San Jcs?, where a solemn
requiem mr.ss will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Catholic Cemetery, Mission San
Jose.
ROWE— In Oakland, August 14.» 1901, John
Melville, beloved son of George. Edward and
Catherine Rowe, a native of Oakland, aged
4 months and 8 days. -- • >
SANTA. CRUZ— In this city. August 10, 1901
Angellta Luz, daughter of Trinidad and
Mardalena feanta Cruz, a native of San
i • Francisco, - aged 1 year 6 \ months and 21
day3.
VANDERHOOF— In this city. Au«rust 13. 1901,
Hervey B. Vanderhoof, beloved husband of
I Glara Vanderhoof, a native of New York,
aced 28 years. ¦ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sU. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion Bt. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.DESIGN OF A NOVEL MENU CARD MADE OF DEERSKIN FOR THE BANQUET TO BE GIVEN BY THE MEM
BERS OF THE ORDER OF RED MEN TO THEIR GREAT CHIEFS AND THE NEWLY ELECTED HEAD OF
THE POCAHONTAS.
The commandery in full Templar uni
form will pass in review before its com
mander, Eminent Sir Carroll Cook, who
at the close of the review will deliver an
address to the corps. The drill corps will
give an exhibition drill in full Templar
uniform. General W. H. L. Barnes will lol
low with an oration on the history, record
and future of California Commandery No.
1, K. T. The drill corps will then give its
second exhibition drill, which will be in
striking contrast to its first effort. It will
be In fatigue uniform, during which Its
silent manual, consisting of three hundred
and twenty movements, will be executed
without a word or signal of command.
The elegant banner to be presented to the
drill corps Friday night at the temple by
the grand master, Most Eminent Sir Reu
ben Hedly Lloyd, will be carried by the
corps in the Pavilion Saturday night.
There will be choice music throughout
the exercises. Dancing will close the fes
tivities. The corps extends an Invitation
to the public to witness the drill.
The drill corps of California Command
ery No. 1, Knights Templar, -will tender a
reception to the commandery on Saturdajr
next in the Mechanics' Pavilion, previous
to its departure for Louisville. Ky., to
take part In the. Triennial Conclave.
TO TENDER RECEPTION
TO THE COMMANDERY
Verus cures piles or 550 reward. AU up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. *
\ EXCURSION to witness blowing up of
Arch ;. Rock. Thursday, August 15. Tug
Milton leaves ¦ Howard-street wharf No. 2
at 10:30 a. m. Tickets, 50c. Bring fish nets.'
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For . full ! Information ¦ ask L.
M.Fletcher, 12G California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
A lecture will be delivered at the Simp
son Memorial Church, corner; of Hayes
and Buchanan streets,' Friday evening on
"Across the Sea and -What • I Saw," by
Rev. W. W. Case, who has ', recently re
turned from; a tour, through Europe,
Egypt and the Holy Land. "
"Will Describe His Travels.
The Supreme' Court affirmed yesterday
the order of the lower . court which fixed
a salary for J. H. Campbell as attorney
for the absent heirs to the Charles Lux
estate. The heirs claimed that too much
money had already been paid for the- ser
vices rendered and wished the order re
voked or declared illegal. '
Lux Heirs Lose Suit.
A large picnic and outing was held yes
terday at Schuetzen Park by the Master
Bakers' Protective of San
Francisco. The committee of arrange
ments was composed as follows:' R Lo
renz. P. Hagerman. H. Eggling, H. Stern,
J. Schlichtmann, J. Lerner and A. Komst
hoeft. Music, dancing, games and a long
list of : prizes interested the merrymakers
for the day. .
Bakers i'icnic at San Rafael.
A 2-year-old girl left by her. mother to
wander alone along Market street yester
day, was rescued by Secretary -White of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children and placed in a charitable in- J
stitution. • Investigation , developed ' the
fact that the little one was'. the -child: of.
Mr. Jind Mrs. J. E. . Smith and that -its
¦short life had been one of much trouble.
It is stated that Mrs. Smith has attempt
ed to rid herself of the little girl several
times during the last few months. Of late
the woman has been drinking heavily and
was deserted bv her husband, who, now
claims the child and wishes to send it to
his own home in the East. - Secretary
White will let the child go if he can be
assured that she will be properly cared
fcr.
ciety Which Will Provide for
Her Future..
Little One Rescued by Charitable So-
TWO-YEAK-OLD CHILD
LEFT TO WANDER ALONE
I Wanted, 100 additional honorably dis
charged U. S. soldiers. Apply at once,
room'lj), 325 Montgomery street. Bring dis
charge papers. .. . '; v ¦ -a *
Petitions in Insolvency.
Patitions in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: James Nevins. fireman, San
Francisco. • liabilities > $181 55, no- assets;
Isaac J. B. Winslow. farmer, Vallejo. lia
bilities $588. assets $28710; James E. Kerr.
house mover. Sacramento, liabilities
$1737 75, assets $1132 50: H. R. Fletcher,
switchman, Oakland, liabilities $580 95. no
assets. . • •
• .Inquiries at the office of the Syndicate
Publishing Company showed that the con
cern- was not in a , flourishing condition.
It was also learned that Vanderhoof was
a married man and that his wife and
grown up children lived in the East. De
ceased was 38 years old. Detective Rey
nolds was detailed to 'secure ; information
as. to Vanderhoof's death, ¦-•¦ which : is
thought to be due entirely to natural
causes. ; ; ' -
The statement of Miss Hess as to the
time she returned home yesterday morn
ing was fully confirmed. by the two young
men she met' on Powell street. They are
employed in a prominent business house
and admitted that they had struck up an
acquaintance with;. the woman, and had
asked. her to take a drink with them, aft
erward seeing her to the door of the housa
where she resided. . ••¦::¦¦'
The Coroner's office was notified and
the body was removed to the Morgue. Dr.
Bacigalupi held an autopsy and stated
that death was caused by myocarditis (in
flammation of the muscular tissue of the
heart). As a handkerchief saturated with
carbolic acid was found. on the bed, the
autopsy, surgeon thought it was desirable
to have the contents of the stomach an
alyzed. - •
Miss Hess told a straightforward 'story
of how she went to the rooms she occu
pied with Vanderhoof and was surprised
to find him lying on the bed, fully dressed.
Sh<* tried to rouse him, but failing to do
so called the landlady, Mrs. -A. Robinson,
who came into the room, and then sent
for Dr. S. S. Kahn. When the doctor ar
rived he said that Vanderhoof had been
dead for some hours.-
Or. Tuesday afternoon Vanderhoof told
his companion that he was going to Santa
Kosa on business and left the house with
that intention. Miss Hess stated yester
day .that after Vanderhoof departed she
dressed and left the house, walked around
downtown and then called upon her cous
in, Mrs Lansing. She t lef t the Lansing
home about 11 p. m., being escorted to the
car by one of her relatives. She claimed
that, she afterward met two men and ac
cepted their .offer of refreshments, after
ward being escorted to Vanderhoof's
rooms by them. -
Hervey B. Vanderhoof, president of-th?
Syndicate Publishing Company, 622 Emma
Spreckels building, was found dead early
yesterday morning in his room at 617 Pow
ell street under circumstances that at first
sight appeared to be suspicious.
Vanderhoof and a Miss Clara Hess' of
Tacoma Wash., lived at the rooms on
Powell street as husband and wife The
woman states that she first met Vander
hoof early in the year and that he con
stantly complained of pains in his heart.
Her statement is corroborated by her
cousin, Mrs. F. V B. Lansing, -of 230 Oak
avenue.
Hervey B. Vanderhoof,
a Publisher, Is Pound
Dead in His Bed.
REGARD DEATH
AS SUSPICIOUS
Winters was angry yesterday. He ob
jected to being "chucked" into a cell and
demanded the liberty of the corridors as
a reward for assisting Captain Seymour
and his detectives in their efforts to se
cure the, immense reward offered for the
recovery of the gold. «
In behalf of Winters, it may be- stated
that when he read the statement he is
alleged to have made he became wroth.
He sent word to. Captain Seymour and re
quested an Interview. The chief of de
tectives was busy and sent word back to
learn what the prisoner wanted. Winters
then informed the messenger that he
wanted Captain Seymour to send him his
pistol, so that he could wipe out a dozen
reporters who were annoying him.
In a tremulous voice, that did not befit
a man who could tunnel his way into a
safe. Winters informed the reporter, that
President A. J. Ralston of the Selby
Smelting Company had solemnly prom
ised to give him $50,000 and use his influ
ence to obtain him a short imprisonment
if he would divulge the whereabouts of
the stolen gold. This story, like others
woven by a vivid imagination, was pub
lished to the world, and the public either
considered Mr. Ralston an easy Vmark"
or Winters a consummate scoundrel.
It was then that his kind-hearted bene
factor made his appearance on the' scene.
He desired some return for his courtesy
to the famous prisoner, and the latter was
not loth to reward him. Winters had no
gold bars to give the journalist, but what
was more useful to the scribe, he would
give him an interview. - '
Some kindly disposed newspaper man
handed Jack Winters, the man who rob
bed the Selby Smelting Company of gold
bars of the value of $320,000, two packs of
cigarettes on Tuesday last and left him
to enjoy them. Winters lit one of the
dainty "coffin nails" and settled back on
his hard settee to dream of liberty and
what he might have done with the gold
bars that he sunk in the bay at Crockett.
His dream was a vivid one. Once again
he conjured up the stolen gold and, like a
smoker of opium, his dream became ro
seate. Suddenly his mind was- brought
back ,to a realization of his surroundings
by the clanging of an iron door, which
was evidence that a prisoner was either
being liberated or, like himself, was being
confined for some crime. ; • '
the Selby Smelting Company. A diver
worked from 10 o'clock yesterday morning
to 5 o'clock in the evening searching for
the missing gold. He found two gold bar3
and turned them over to the company.
There are three bars still missing. These
missing bars in the aggregate value $48,
000. There is some apprehension that the
small bar, which is valued at $3000, will
never be recovered, as it dropped out of
the ; sack when Winters consigned it to the
bottom of the bay. The diver will con
tinue the search to-day.
Sheriff Veale to Take
Winters to the Scene
of His Crime.
Ex-Deputy Sheriff George W. Witty of
Sontag-Evans fame, committed suicide in
a Mission-street lodging-house last night
by shooting himself In the head. A love
affair is said to be the cause of the act.
"Witty was divorced from his wife about
four years ago and since has been living
in this city. He secured an appointment
as a special police officer and worked
from time to time. A few months ago he
met a woman who is known as "Josie "
He fell In love with her and much of his
time and money was devoted to the ob
ject of his new affections. According to
friends Witty believed that the woman
£?£, U^ m 1 On l of hi^ coIn than she <Ji«3 of
him and he brooded over his unrequited
i %*& '&£?* at 36 Stockton street and
left his lodgings shortly after 4 o'clock
ye , St^ ay w afternoon - He w ent direct to
L t d J? n >f " h £ USe t l m MissIon street con
ducted by Mrs. Scott, where he formerly
lived Approaching: the landlady he in
quired if a back room he formerly occu
pied was still vacant, and when told that
it was he rented it. He seemed excited
and immediately locked himself in the
room. A few minutes later Mrs. Scot*
was alarmed by the report of a pistol in
the room of her new guest. She tried the
t?Z wh* fi ?£ ln 5 lt locked - ca "ed for
help. \\ hen the door was opened WJttv
was found dead, lying on the bed with
hI ?* C0a ,^ 0jr - He had Placed the muzzle of
fJ^ llher pl £ to1 ln hls mout h and pulled
iEt, tri F^- J he ., bu £ et ran^ ed backward
through his head. No note was left bv
Witty, but the affair with the woman is
said to have prompted him to end his life.
Sheriff Veale and Constable Moiles of
Contra Costa came to the city last even
ing for the purpose of securing Winters.
They held a warrant for his arrest and
handed it to Captain Seymour. The lat
ter called in Detective Dillon and instruct
ed him to book Winters for burglary and
credit Detective Tom Gibson with the ar
rest. This morning the visiting officers
will relieve the local authorities of the
care . of the prisoner. Winters will be
taken before Judge Pratt of Contra Costa
County and a day will be set for a hear
ing. Winters will then be lodged in the
County Jail. . ¦ • ¦ ¦ • • .
.Sheriff Veale and Captain Seymour dis
played none of the feeling that is said to
exist between them. Both officials were
open handed in their treatment of each
other last night and there was no evi
dence of unfriendliness on the part of
either man.
Two more bars have been recovered by
"The postal material In all broken pack
ages was counted, but the unbroken ones
were taken at the department account.
The investigation, however, was incom
plete In this, that the unbroken packages
of stamps were not opened and counted
and were accepted ' as being correct.
Neely stated that on the preceding Sat
urday he had deposited the postal funds
in the xsorth American Trust Company's
Bank, the investigation having taken
place on the following Monday."
"Neely had no postal funds on hand. He
had stamps and stamp paper and other
material, together with a certificate of
deposit from the treasury of the island,
in an amount sufficient to meet all the
balances furnished by the auditor. The
basis of the ¦ examination, was not made
from the books of the Bureau of Finance,
but from the statements furnished by the
auditor. The money order funds were
counted and corresponded with the state
ments furnished me.
"April 23, 1900, I made an investigation
in the Bureau of Finance of the Depart
ment of Posts in the island of Cuba, the
chief of which was Charles F. W. Neely.
I was assisted by F. C. Neal and E. P.
Hemlin, clerk of the Bureau of Special
Agents. I could not say as to whether
General Rathbone addressed a letter to
Neely or not, but I was told by the Di
rector General that Neely would return to
Havana and that when he returned he
wanted his accounts investigated.
"There was a small excess in the money
order fund, and when Neely's attention
was called to this matter he stated that
he was in some doubt as to the exactness
of his accounts and that he had put in
some money so that there should not be
any shortage. Neely had figures showing
what the balances in his accounts should
be. but who furnished that- information
I could not say. The balances In his pos
session were similar to the ones furnished
to mo from the auditor's office, which
leads me to believe that he was prepared
for the investigation.
Seybolt is secretary and inspector of the
American Surety Company. Reduced to
the narrative form the deposition Is as
follows:
George L. Seybolt. formerly Chief of the
Bureau of Postofflce Inspectors In this
city, appeared yesterday afternoon before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock and signed a deposition which had
been ordered by the United States Attor
ney General in the matter of the Havana
postofflce defalcation of -about a quarter
of a million dollars. A series of questions
prepared by the Attorney General were
propounded singly by United States At
torney Woodworth and answered by the
deponent.
meda, Hattle James of San Francisco and E.
Rohrbacher ¦ of Stockton." great trustees. The
• appointed officers will be named to-day.
The salary of the keeper of records was
increased and the contingent fund of the
Great Pocahontas was also increased.
During the day Great Sachem-elect
Boyes visited the council, gave those pres
ent a short talk and then presented them
a fifty-pound box of candies, for which he
was given a rising vote of thanks
Mina Rew of Alameiia, great Pocahontas;
Kate Wilson of Sacramento, great Wenonah;
Minnie Betts of San Francisco, grreat Min
nehaha; Jennie Weisel of San Francisco, 'gieat
prophetess; E. J. Brazile of Sacramento. Kreat
keeper of records; K. A. Keane of Stockton,
great keeper of wampum; Edith Glsh of Ala-
further consideration to-day, when it will
probably be voted down.
The following named were elected great
chiefs for the ensuing term:
DIVER RECOVERS
MORE GOLD BARS
deal of time yesterday to the discussion
of a proposition to apply to the Great
Council of the United States for a char
ter, so that the organization may act in
dependently of the Great Council of Red
Men, under whose jurisdiction it is now
working. The change, if made, will in
volve a much higher per capita tax than
Is now paid, and for that reason the prop
osition is meeting with considerable oppo
sition. The matter will be taken up for
Deposes Concerning the
Postal Defalcation
: in Cuba.
SEYBOLT TELLS
ABOUT NEELY
The schooner Rob
ert Dollar was de
stroyed by fire at
Sausalito early this
morning. The flames
were discovered a few
moments after three
o'clock, and soon the
vessel was blazing
from stem to' stern.
It was a spectacular
sight. At four o'clock
the flames had envel
oped the vessel, which
was then doomed.
The Robert Dollar
was a steam schooner
°f 553 tons, and was
lying at anchor, hav
ing been tied up ow
ing to the strike.
[IDS HIS LIFE
WITH A BULLET
Other witnesses examined were T. I
r itz?atrick. who identified the defendant's
har.dwriting in the books in the warrant
and bond clerk's office; Theodore Kytka,
who testified that Judge Cabaniss' signa
ture on the forged order was In the de
fendant s handwriting, and showed exem
rlars to prove his assertion: Charle« B
Perkins of the City Treasurer's office"
who testified to Initialing the forged or
der, and Judge Slogan, who was shown
. b £, n orders - one for $50 and the other
., ?1( £?; P urnortin S *o be signed by him
an«i which he declared were forg-eries
The prosecution Intended to call Reis to
"stify that these ball orders of Judge
logan had been paid to the defendant.
> ut Lennon said he would admit that, and
iso that Frod Conway. clerk in Judge
-logan s court, would testify that his sig
-ature was forged. The prosecution then
tested and the defense was granted a con
tinuance until this morning.
<^ .«»«»«««...... .......... _
The Prosecution F-ests.
Captain Seymour testified to the defend
ant being shown the forged order, along
with others, in his office on April 1. and
the defendant alleged that the signature
of the Judge was genuine. On April 5 the
defendant admitted to him in the Grand
Jwry anteroom that the signatures of all
the Judges to the forged bail orders were
forgeries with the exception of Judge
Conlan's. Sullivan said he had so testi
fied to the Grand Jury.
Judge Cabantss testified that his signa
ture on the bail order was forged and that
he had not authorized any one to sign it
for him. John A. Fenton, clerk in Judge
Cabaniss* court, testified that his signa
ture to the order was also forged. Then
came Reis' testimony that he had naid
the money on the order to the defendant
on March 16. followed by his admissions
on cross-examination.
"VThen Judge Cabaniss was called to the
stand Attorney Lennon raised the objec
tion that the information filed by the Dis
trict Attorney «vas defective, inasmuch as
the first count did not allege that the sig
nature was forced with the intent to de
fraud, which was essential, and. further,
that although the second count so alleged,
it did not allege that it was the defendant
who fo intended to defraud. After argu
ment the Judge overruled the objection, to
which an exception was taken.
Attacks Information.
cross-examination that in one or two In
etances money had been paid by him on
bail orders without a Judge's signature,
but added that it was done through acci
dent. He had previously testified that the
Judge's signature was essential. He never
looked for an indorsement on the back of
an order, and it did not matter to him in
whose name the order was made payable.
He also admitted that In certain instances
of fines when the demand cane through
the County Clerk the money had been paid
to that official without the Judge's signa
ture-
One of the most Important points
brought oct was the admission made by
Jchn O. Reis. chief deputy in the Treas
urer's office, as to bis method in dealing
with bail crders. He frankly admitted on
The trial . of Daniel J. Sullivan on the
charge of forging Judge Cabaniss' name
to an order on the City Treasurer for the
return cf J1S40 ball money put up by Wong
Sing for the release of Chinese In March
last was commenced before a jury in
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday. .The de
fendant was represented by Attorney T.
J. Lennon, and District Attorney Bying
ton and Assistant District Attorney Wel
ler prosecuted.
Flames Break Out at 3
Clock and Soon
Envelop the Ship.
Testimony Given by John O.
Reis at Daniel J. Sulli
van's Trial.
. ' Tlie Pocahontas .Council.
The members of the Great Council of
the Degree of Pocahontas devoted a great
and their election. Following are
the names of those who were chosen to
serve for the next great sun:
; James Boyes of San Francisco, great sachem:
John R. Tyrell of Grass Valley, great senior
sagamore; Thomas Roche of San Francisco,
preai junior sagamore; F. D. Brandon of San
ftancisco, great prophet; Porter L. BHfs of
San Francisco, great chief of records; William
J. Smith, ereat keeper of wampum: F. D.
Brandon. Henry A. Chase and J. G. Smith of
San Francisco, representatives to the Great
Council of the United States; Edward Connolly,
George W. Collins and Charles Fowler of San
Francisco, erand trustees.
In the evening there was the exemplifi
cation of the adoption degree by four
teams from as many tribes in the com
petition for a trophy. To-morrow the
other contestants will do the same work.
To-morrow night there will be a ban
quet to the ereat chiefs and the drill
team of Altahmos Tribe. The menu card
for that occasion is a novelty. It is of
deer Ekin ar.d has burned on the face the
name of Altahmos Tribe and a number of
Indian scenes, -while on the inner side is
a list of the good things to be served,
each course having some Indian name
coupled to it. The card will be rolled and
tied .with two -strings of wampum and
ornamented ¦ with two * brilliant colored
feathers. The idea of this novelty was
that of J. Harry Hutaff of the committee
of arrangements.
p-T|-^HE time of the Great Council of
I the Improved Order of Red Men
I yesterday was taken up in mak-
JJL ing nominations for great chiefs
The Offices Fall With but One Exception to Sari Francisco
Members of the Order With James Boyes as Great Sachem* •
Steam Schooner is De
stroyed by Fire at
Sausalito;
Treasurer Honors Orders
Without Signatures
of Judgas.
LOOSE METHODS
IN PAYING BAIL
ROBERT
DOLLAR
BURNS.
GREAT COUNCIL OF THE RED MEN
ELECT NEW CHIEFS FOR NEXT SUN
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 15, 1901.
12
SPECIAL SALE!
TfflJBSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
We sell Groceries to suit your
constitution. We sell them to suit
.vou, which means that wa sell the
ri?htkind for right prices at the
right time.
Creamery Butter, 8qu f re<s 75c
\ery choice.
French Sardines, large tin 20c
"Lacaze de Kercuyelleu."
Choicest quality of flsh.
Rerularly 23c.
Ideal Mush, 4 pkgrs. . . .25c
Made from the choicest -white -wheat.
Cooks quickly. Regularly 3 for 25c.
Sweet Wines, bot 25c
Gallon Sl.OO I
Port. Sherry. Angelica llf
and Muscat. yi f
Choice California Wines.
Regularly 40c and $1 50.
Sand Soap, 7 cakes 25c
Striker's Sand Soap, for cleaning.
Resujarly 6 cakes for 23c.
Rosebud Whiskey, bot 90c
Gal'on $4.00
The highest grade of Whisky
in the United States.
Reeularly Jl 25 and $3.
Island Rice, 16 lbs... $1.00
Fancy Sandwich Island
Head Rice. - Regularly U lbs. II. »
Feather Dusters, each 25c
Small fancy 'duster.
12-Inch feathers, soft and pretty.
Reeularly 25c. _ '.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED— CATA- '
LOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
J TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
I Exoerienccd 1
n Prefer the luxurious o
I cqu'pment of the ||
1 California lirc.t&d §
l'| Harvey Din'ni Car, Ob*er- fi|
U vation Car (with Ladles* U
H Parlor), Bulfet Smcking a
S 'Car (with Barber shop) w
|J ana Elegant Drawing- O
H Room Pullmans. Leaves 83
Q San Francisco at 9 a. ni. 'if
| every Monday and Thurs- I
I day on tha [j
Santa Fe . I
p ft rr nnuAi corner F ° urth « n< i
w|rt nUlftLSlL?!
- ¦ -- • . yallaes checked frog. •
Weekly Call,$L00 per Yea#<
to see #
v^Sk everv thincr the most fastidious taste could require in foot-
if New $3.50 Department "%
k^S" of shoes- for Men and Women. We have just received large °,-
|*» and complete assortments of the newest and most fashion- oj
(Ki . able styles of Oxfords and Boots in Patent Leather. Box %
l^ * Calf. Russia Calf. Vici Kid and every sort of material. We 'W
& have exclusive shape's and all the extreme sizes and widths. \fe
£A and can fit any foot, any taste or any pocketbook. i
k, -^ffips»r W7~in Kearfty Islr I
/*£ ftooocits • Aixf-tS* ¦ ' ' •?
Hale's. | Hale's.
vllril*^J& ¦ Market St., near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate.
.^v J ts application that tells. It's ap-
P'[ cat ion as much as any other one!
thing that's back of Hale's sending
We're studying you. Your in-
y terests are our interests. The better.
> we know them the closer you'll stick
~.-. t,:~ .l i mi i to us - We must be so sensitive to
' IZ .™£l 1? "fl l ktlow what y° u want ever > *> efore y° u
: We're Xud^inlmal^/^^ for * ou when 3™ want '«-
1 * l>« W n,v^W w U . faCtUres - That's where our strength
lies. We never sleep. We're watching every condition, ready to
: Curtains aad Window Shades;
: \ 12OO Window Shades 3Oc.
> They are opaque, 36 inches wide. 7 feet long, made from the
best grade water colored opaque, in all the principal shades. They
come complete with brackets, pulls and cords. 35c value is
, marked for buildinjaj-up time 30c.
! Table Covers 25c. Nottingham Curtains
' s Art denim, 4-quarter size, ln ei nn
; solid colors, with neatly de- ° l>uu>
signed patterns worked with They are specially priced fop-
narrow cotton braid. They are August selling:, 3 yards long. ¦!>
, a splendid, bright cover; ln the Inches wide. They Include some
, 1 !¦ 1 regular way would be 30c. In the new and neat patterns for bed-
1 , i irregular way 25c. # room purposes.
; 8OO Pairs Tapestry Portieres 83.OO. . \ :
' ' I. 3 yards long. 43 "inches wide, with a 10-inch hsav> / # ..
knotted overthrow fringe, neatly designed, perfect re //7/©O-
verse. Five deep, rich colors^ — red. blue, brown and -ml-i-*.
1 N 2. two shades • of green. Now is your opportunity to re- #/ fJLr
y N U new your old portieres at a small cost. *,,,,,,' ,*^ ll
$1.00 and $1.50 Kid Gloves 69c. \*j%£f
f Specially Bought for Building-Up Time, jiutinui.)) iimui mt;
There is every size, S Z A to 7 l A, and every good A/gaiAS
color. They were on sale Monday and yesterday 3£jT^^
and brought us the biggest two days' glove busi-
ness we've had in some time. There is not a thinp Swmvw.wwv-ww.i
the matter with a single pair. Stop to question th.- yv /• /
price you'll miss one of the best j?love offers \vr LcirOJUJ'
have griven. They are a drummer's sample line »%p q «
They have earned profit for their maker selling I __..
. others, that he's ready .to lose on them now. l"'^'" 1 " 1 '""'"^
Study, E . D . w Concen-
___ • j Fine Big Hand Mirrors 19c. trat ' on
f^"""'" > They have soIid wood backs, highly polished. "'"'"" " I " I " I ''E
TrUVQI German Plate, bevel edge mirrors, .354x10 inches. MOiiGi/
perfect. V?>?/W
iLM.M.iiMiiniinntJ Other extra values at the drug counter you want ** a *' r *
Z^Z™ ™A t° buy to-day are: jlillllll', "lll"lll'l
ThOrOUgh Hair Brushes 39c. GOO(f
/JOSS Of German silver and aluminum, with fine, soft vel- /2siS}*/c?
——— m ——_ mm^. 'et bristles. Brushes we could not sell ln the regular WCXCfO
fcHillWlHlllliiilTlllTlH'int. way under 50c. Marked to-day and until sold 33c. miiiiiiiiiipiinmim .
AdVer- T ooth Brushes 3c. u)l
ticrtnrf Good bristle brushes, the last of several lines, grouped . VV*£« *
lltJliig '_ at one ridiculous price to-day and until sold 3c. 1/yi/J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" - — ~_
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.(Inc) \
HPf/z-H ¦ . - /¦ nl/ or
jj^nffSV-TjU J)ESI\
Golden Oak or Mahogany, with
( French plate Mirrors; handsome
designs; exquisite patterns; all
the latest ideas. We also have
everything in the house furnish- •
, ing line, and, all at the most
\ moderate figures. Why? Be-
f cause we pay no rent and you
/ save the difference.
The J. Noonan Furniture Company
. - (Incorporated.)
IOI7-IO23 MISSION STREET,
Above Sixth. San Francisco.
We close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
I "VAN VROOM" 1
H . Dental Parlors, S
| (001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. J
DR. G. 5. SUSSDORFF,
La'.e Superl-tendent Physician City
and Count' Ho- pitai.
MENTAL AND NERVOUS DISEASES.
SPECIFIC TREATMENT
For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS.
Twenty Years' Experience.
Patients may be treated at home or pri-
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow Building.
105 Ellis St., near PowelL ' Hours, 10 to 12
a. m.. 2. to ,4 p. m.