President Hays -Is Expected rto; Arrive From Chicago To-Day and
¦¦^Rumors of Many Changes -in Both the Operating and Audit
; ; ing departments : Yof tlie; Great Corporation Are Rife
HERBERT, THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S
NEW OPERATING OFFICIAL, SEES THE
CITY UNDER GUIDANCE OF FITZHUGH
, "There is a suspicion In my -mind that
Doneghy was connected with Mamlock In
the fraud engineered by the latter. The
three women— Howie, Smith and Wilcox—
Barnes as fakers -and frauds, then took
the stand and swore that a newspaper re
porter had impersonated a detective of
ficer, when as a matter of fact Weinberg
may have been. the dupes of Mamlock and
I will give them. the benefit of the doubt.
The evidence is positive that Miss Mc-
Donald did make false "pretenses in sell
ing the ticket to 'the'complaining witness.
That, might -be, -the- basis -for another
charge. This complaint charges the va
rious defendants with. Conspiracy, .to ob
tain moneV by false pretenses. In dis
missing all the defendants, I wish to state
that I do not approve of the methods em
ploye.d by Doneghy arid his associates.' It
is a good thing that these .cases have
been brought, so that the public may
know fully what is going on. I have no
doubt whatever-that the public has been
deceived in making contributions, believ
ing that- the money was for the entire
use of the charities mentioned. I trust
that such methods .will "be stopped in the
future by the publicity given in this case,
The defendants are dismissed."
It" is probable that the' action of The
Call in showing up. the methods of these
charity swindlers will at least result In
putting the" public " on its guard arid pre
vent charitably Inclined citizens from be
ing again imposed on by them.
Defendants Are Dismissed.
Judge Fritz, in giving his decision dis
missing the, defendants, said: .
Assistant District Attorney Hanley ad
mitted that Mamlock was the prime mov
er in the fake concert schemes and that
his disappearance prevented the Introduc
tion of certain testimony which might
connect Doneghy and his workers in the
palpable frauds. ..... - : .. .
Detective Hamill told of Investigating
the schemes of Mamlock and the Done
ghy-Barnes-Deiweiller combination " and
how his Investigations showed, that Mam
lock's concert scheme - was an absolute
fraud, and that Doneghy and Mamlock
were closely connected.
asked the reporter to pose as an officer
and search the room of Helen Barnes for
evidence, the request of. Weinberg being
naturally refused.
% Weinberg, who. had admitted on Satur
day that Doneghy was "a grafter and a
fraud," and that he was assisted by Helen
Barnes in duping the public, tried on the
witness stand to make out that they were
innocent people. . :
JUDGE FRITZ. IN RENDERING HIS DECISION IN TRIAL OF CHAR
ITY WORKERS. DECLARES THEIR METHODS ARE REPREHENSI*
BLE AND THE PUBLIC SHOULD BE WARNED AGAINST THEM. '
HE charity rwlndlers arrested. last
j I Monday on a charge of conspiracy
i I to obtain money by false pre
tense* were placed on trial yes
terday afternoon before Police
Judge A. J. Fritz. Assistant District At
torney Hanley conducted the proeecutlon
and the various defendants were als\> rep
respi.ted by attorneys.
At the opening of the trial the prosecu
tion filed an amended complaint and the
attorneys for the defendants sought to
evade the trial by offering a. number of
frivolous objections, all of which Judge
Fritz overruled.
W. W. Doneghy. Helen Barnes and
Jane Delweiller. representing- one faction
nt "workers," and Isabelle McDonald.
Belle Smith. Julia Howie and Mrs. C. E.
wncox. the women who sold Mamlock's
bogus concert tickets, all pleaded not
guilty. t
Th«> first witness called was Charles A.
Sm!th. the cashier of the Columbian
Banking Company, who had purchased
one of the tickets for the concert In aid
of "The California Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society," a bogus creation of the mind of
Harry Mamlock. who had succeeded in
eluding the police.
The witness, who In a public spirit came
to the front to swear to a complaint
against the allpged conspirators, told how
he had been deceived into buying a ticket,
believing the concert was in aid of the
local organization known as the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society.
The evidence of two newspaper report
ers was then taken, to Fhow the existence
of a plot by which Mamlock foisted his
bogus concert scheme on the public, for
which "concert" four of the accused
•women sold tickets.
Testimony of Reporters.
An attempt on the part of one of the
attorneys for the defendants to make a
witness admit that be had sought to en
list the aid of Captain of Detectives Sey
mour elicited the reply that the Chief of
Detectives had pronounced all the defend
ants to be a lot of swindlers and that he
•was sorry that the Police Department
could not secure enough -evidence to con
vict them of fraud. : ,^ ¦*' '
M. B. Weinberg, who last Saturday was
eager to denounce Doneghy and Helen
Commercial Travelers Elect Officers.
ATLANTIC CITY; X. J., June.2).-The
International Federation t>f ' Coriimercial
Travelers elected the following officers to
day: President, Edward Trevett of Utlca;
vice president, R.\A. Cavanaugh of Chi
cago; secretary, and. treasurer, Arthur L»
Sheets of:Omaha; executive committee—
F.tE.' Haley of Des Moines, L. A: La
beaune qf St.;Louis and C.C. Daniel* of
greedy" conduct Is looked upon with
amazement. Grave doubts are entertained
by the President that China will be able
to pay, 450,000,000 taels, and If this sum Is
increased It is certain that the Peking
Government will be unable to satisfy, the
installments of the debt arid thatfreah
complications will arise after the present
negotiations a^e concluded. A . strong ef
fort -will.be made, by -the administration
to obtain 'a majority, of the powers to
oppose the. adoption of . the proposal.
LONDON, June 21.-A : dispatch to th e
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, June 20.— Again the
Shylock powers have come forward with
a demand for more of China's flesh. m
Not content with the enormous indem
nity of 450.000,000 taels which China has
promised to pay. It is learned from diplo
matic sources that a new proposal haa
been submitted to the powers contemplat
ing the addition to this total of •several
millions of taels to pay the expenses in
curred by _ the maintenance of military
forces in the Celestial Empire. 'This
Standard from Shanghai announces that
trustworthy reports say that General Ting
Hsianffjs organizing a large body or vet
eran troops .with the-lntention of raiaing
a- rebellion In the northwestern' provinces
of the Middle Kingdom.
cm" A w'^ h ¦ natIve Authority," cables the
Shanghai- correspondent of . the Times'
L'sayB .Germany, proposes that | China- pay
the' indemnity,: in., small , annual amount
for fourteen years with increased amounts
for! the remaining twenty-six^ years,, and
that : Great Britain ' will probably ' agree to
this proposition." -
Now Ask That Expenses of Military. Forces Be Paid in Addition to
¦ » — '• ¦ • ¦¦¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RAPACIOUS POWERS OF EUROPE REACH
OUT FOR STILL MORE OF CHINA'S GOLD
Haj - s-is a most- reticent man and makes
no one his confidant. H. E. FItzhugh, who
was the first railroad .official ..he.; brought
to the coast and ,who Is now| in t the: em
ploy of the company,:. came here .without
any flourish :'of trumpets. . He stole 'into
tdwn quietly and to ¦ this day. no official
announcement^ has | been' made of his apf
polntment;ps an official of the .company.'
Whether he will : be assistant to the presi
dent' or take upon, himself: the. arduous
duties .of an. operative "official .Is conjec
ture.- The latter seems the most probable
in view of .the fact that he .has been de
voting so much; time^to learning the exact
condition' of. thp road,- • :/.\ r
•^The ' auditing department^ Is': also ,very
sha'ky. | : Th e head men of ¦ thl s . branch of
thie'Southern'Paclflc are supposed to have
incurred ..the. .displeasure- of President
Hays. Ge(,rge T. Klink. auditor of dis
burserrents. and C. J.- "Wilder and E. E.
Holden are all supposed to have been tak
ing things' very, easy; and those who" pro
fess to know circulated the report yester
day that> there" would be a general 'clean
_out! in* the auditing department' in the
hear future. ' •'.:.!
• ; ' Picking ; Up Information.
"It is said that Hays has also had a
\vatch p'ut'on all the. division superintend
ents,'; and .that itho.se ,who* have been de
tailed ¦ for this 'duty., are ; not traveling^ on
passes, but are paying their, fares' to avoid
detection. ..They v are -supposed to ; be .on
all .parts of ..the; Southern Pacific system
and .'are •. sending ¦ In /reports and at the
same time .familiarizing themselves with
.the; road previous to. taking up other^dii
tles'. .;.:^..; ? :' :- ',[:'¦ ¦;}¦./[.'- •."•--;:•"'.:•
¦ ; Great '.excitement 'prevailed yesterday In
all' departments of r the Southern Pacific. •
Bells 'rang," office "* boys f.were dispatched"
with^messages: and 7 - the cliques
held v councils < ''of V war. . and laid 'plans ' to
strengthen their ' positions. *• Stubbs j was
the ' most sought';, after man, ' and after
lunch : he was ; met : by ,'Herrin 'arid Chief
EcgineeivHood .-and-asked by them to give
the latest -newsfabbut^Harriinan:- . Stubbs
is: a >ery ' influential; man < in the raUroad
and the : local' general offlcers'of :the
company will greatly; regret his departure.
& With',; Stubbs in.'Chicago.^the^man'who
will' in airieasure fill- his place InHhis city
'Is^TassenEer .Traffic'' Manager.; E."' O. V Mc-
Jj! M. HERBERT,- whose, arrival, in
, the city -> to assume" an Irripor^
. _ tant position with '¦. the Southern
Pacific Company, was exclusive
.-.'¦' ly announced in The. Call! spent
a busy day yesterday viewing ;the city
under the guidance of 'H. E. Fitzhughl
When .Mr. Herbert will enter upon his du
ties as manager of the Pa c\fic system 'o£
the Southern. Pacific 1 is not known. //..' •
Mr. Herbert is 37 y^ears of age, but looks
much older. ~ He has 'a -quiet, demeanor
and would pass in. ¦ a crowd •; unnoticed.
He was apparently, willing to talk to a re
porter yesterday, but ; FItzhugh, ;who ;was
present, and | knows . how .much President
Hays dislikes '. to, see his employes: quoted
in the press, gave, him a cautionary signal
and the railroad man ' f f om St.- Louis took
the hint and returned brief- and non-com^
rpittal answers to questions. .'¦ ?
"How. long do you expect to remain out
here?". Mr. Herbert was asked., ; "- .''*
"I. may remain , in ¦ California' several
months," he answered. ' ; ...
'.. "You have cornn to San Francisco to ac
cept a position the Southern Pacific,
have you not?"; ;. '¦..'.".; : S v'^ 1 ; ; ; ::
."I cannot (talk on this matter - now,"
ho replied. • "I; may or., I may[;*:not.
work for, the Southern Pacific; -You should
understand , my .position and;.realize •that'
I am 'not at'liberty to 'enter, into' any. d|3
cusslon bfthe subject just at : present." ".
Later in the ¦ afternoon :Mr.' : Herbert: be
came more communicative. JHe said* that
he had resigned :. his ; position' as ;superin-'
tendent of the Iron .Mountain road and
that at present : he was employed- by :rio
railroad. i- He. knew Hays and^ria'd worked
for hlm"on l the Wabash road. , : \ '';
, Hays Is Expected To-Day.V ;
President Hays will arrive from Chicago
to-day, '<; and - his 'i return ' is f awaited^ with
feverish anxiety In ' the r big yellow^,build
ing. 1 . A" rumor ¦ Is current in : local railroad
circles ' that ; the ' entire 'operative/depart
n-.ent ' in this city ] will be i overhauied.
Krutts'chnitt as ¦ general ¦manager ils''sup T
posed/to.be, safe, in his "position;'; but fwith
this •. exception ? it '< is ' said ,, that , the .' entire
staff will go-";' This includes .Manager i Fill
more,: his v asslstant. - N.v H. '; Foster,' ;, and
MaEter.V of :. Transportation'- Richardson.
Nothing definite can, however^ be learned
and '.will not ; be, positively ? known i- until
t)^«al^i.nt. VTa.irn looiwo hla nffldlol nlr/«<1..- .,
expected to sa,y much. Ho never does
that, and when members of the press ask
him, embarrassing questions he returns
evasive answers or gracefully replies with
a suggestion that this or that is not of
Interest to the general public.
¦ Although Mr. Herbert gave out that ha
would be in San Francisco but a compar
atively short time, possibly a few months
at the most, he engaged permanent quar
ters at the Palace Hotel yesterday after
noon. ' i--^r
FOLLOWS THE UNION PACIFIC.
Northern * Pacific .Group to Hare a
Traffic Manager.
NEW YORK, June 20.— One of the first
steps . in ! carrying out the J harmonization
scheme for railroads of the Western sys
tems was taken by the Union Pacific fam
ily of in the appointment of J.
C. Stubbs, formerly vice president of^th©
Southern Pacific, to a position new In the
history of American railroad systems, to
which has been given the. name of director
general of the traffic department. Follow
ing this announcement comes news that
another family of railroads, the Northern
Pacific group, which is to be operated In
harmony with the Union- Pacific, Is pre
paring a plan similar to that which the
latter has adopted.
.Darius : Miller, now second vice presi
dent of the Great Northern Railroad, haa
been mentioned as the probable occupant
of the position. In this capacity he -will
represent the Great Northern, the North
ern "Pacific 'and the Chicago, Burlington
and - Qulncy. The Union Pacific group,
which will come under, the immediate di
rection- of Mr. Stubba, consists of the
Union Pacific, the Southern Pacific, the
Oregon Short Line and the Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company. The link
which connects these two Immense groups
Is the Northern Pacific, in which both ara
Interested. :
J. M. HERBERT, NOW- IN THIS CITY, WHO HAS RESIGNED HIS POSITION' AS SUPERINTENDENT OP THE
IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD SYSTEM, TO ACCEPT THE POSITION' NOW HELD BY J. A. FILLMORE WITH
* THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY. .-: ;-' . ,,-,'; ",. , - v \- / : •'- : V .-.' ' ' . . -V. '.!.
MILITARY COURT OF- HONOR
DEGRADES AN AUTHOR
of Dueling.
Very Heavily Punished ' for .Throw
ing Ridicule Upon the Practice
LONDON, ' June. 20.— The Vienna 'corre
spondent : of j the Dally '; Mail : says I that
Arthur Schnitzler, the "playwright and
novelist, has been expelled from the ranks
of reservist officers in the Austrian army
and; infamously: degraded by ' , a military
court of honor for '. publishing amovel in
which he throws ridicule upon the' prac
ticVof.dueling. - ...-'... . •
SEEKS; MONEY BALK';PEOM..
DUKE tpF- MANCHESTER
•LONDON, June M~-~The Exchange Tele
graph" Company; says -the legal prelimin
aries I in the suit i of s Portia 'Knight, ; the
'American - ; actress, ;*agalnsf. the - Duke 6t
Manchester for^ breach { ot* promise, 1 : have
been completed :a.nd; the case has been set
for hearing.' ;*Col6nel 'Knight f is r here , to
.Ttnoort his dauarhtfer's interests! -¦ .• , ;
DRUNKEN CLERK , TRIES
TO STRIKE CROWN, PRINCE
Aims. a Blow at- a Carriage Window
at Which Frederick William
Was Seated.
BERLIN. June 20.— While the Crown
Prince Frederick William was on his way
from Mincer to Bonne a drunken Indi
vidual aproached. his carriage at Bochum.
Westphalia, yesterday, and aimed a blow
with a stick at the window at which
the Crown' Prince was seated. The in
dividual, jvho described himself as a
clerk, was arrested. He said he merely
desired to see the Crown Prince more
clearly. ¦
¦ - m
MODOC JURY INDICTS
MEN FOR A LYNCHING
Three Residents of Lookout : Are
Charged With Having Been'
Implicated.
ALTURAS, ' June 2O.-The Grand Jury,
which has been" investigating the-lynch
ing of Calvin. Hall, his three sons and
Daniel Yantis, startled the community
yesterday, by. announcing the indictment
of Robert E. Leventer, Isom Eadesand
James W. Brown. These men are charged
with having been; implicated in the hang
ing of Martin Wilson, the young son of
Hall.. ; V" " : '-. ¦'¦ ~~ :'. ": ¦ ¦¦
VIGILANCE OF OFFICERS .
PREVENTS A LYNCHING
Angry Mob Sought to WT->k;Sum
mary Vengeance _cn a rhilip
pine Volunteer.
C ROCK SPRINGS,. Wyb., June 20.—
George Ecker, a Philippine volunteer, who
raised a check several months ago and
who shot and killed Deputy Sheriff C. B.
Holden and fatally wounded F>ed. Rear
don while resisting arrest, "was captured
and brought to this city to-day,! and,placed*
in; jail: . Eckerr admits. the shooting. He
narrowly missed lynching fitjthe^h'ands-of
a, mob "near:- Thomas Frane&'^re^cir'aria'
only the vigilance and determination" of
the officers in charge of the prisoner pre
vented summary Justice being meted out.
Ecker was taken to JJvanston late this
afternoon and placed in jail there.
GEORGIA POLICEMAN
DECOYED TO HIS DEATH
Summoned ..to \ a Lonely Spot and
There Shot by a Negro, Who
Afterward Escaped.
ATLANTA. Ga., June 20.— Patrolman E.
H. Debray was shot and killed in the west
end of this city by a negro, who has not
been captured. It Is believed Debray was
decoyed to his death. One man, a negro
named Hammond, who sent the policeman
to the, place where death was dealt him;
has been arrested.
Hammond told^the policeman there was
trouble at the 'end of the car line. De
bray found three negroes there, apparent
ly in a row. One of the negroes resisted
arrest and shot Debray.' " '
MATTEWAN. W. : Va.. June 20.— The
strained relations between the union and
non-union miners have. resulted in blood
shed. To#-day several hundred union min
ers who are on strike 'marched In a body
against the Maritime mines of this place,
where non-union men were at work. They
tried to effect an entrance, but the oper
ators, with twenty guards : armed with
Wirchesters, blocked the : entrance. ;
: The non-union miners were, headed by
Superintendent Lambert, . and .when the
union men persisted in ; their attempt .he
rave the> command to/ fire. " Fully fifty,
shots were fired. Boyd. Martin; and Riley
Johnson were fatally shot and Sam Artrip
was dangerously wounded. y The 'union
men did not return the fire, but dispersed.
j AH" the union miners ¦ throughout .Mingo
are collecting . to reach here to-morrow.
Serious trouble is # expected when they
again try to effect an entrance to .-, the
Maritime mines. Sheriff jHatfield is" oh
the scene with fifty deputies and says he
proposes to do his duty.."
Union Laborers Are Gathering to
Avenge the Falling" of Their .
t Comrades. - .'
in an Attack . on the
Colliery.
Two Men Mortally Wounded
Blood Flows at' the Mari
time "Works in West
Virginia.
MINE GUARDS
FIRE VOLLEY
AT STRIKERS
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
VOLUME XC-NO. 21.
San Francisco, Friday; june 21, i9oi;
Dismisses Accused Persons for Lack of ; Legal Evidence That Is
Mainly Due to the Reluctance of Victims to Gome Forward
and Assist Police Department in Securing a Conviction
JUDGE FRITZ DENOUNCES METHODS
OF PROFESSIONAL CHARITY WORKERS
IN DECIDING CONSPIRACY CHARGE
The San Francisco CallGLIMPSES OF LIFE AT THE CAMP OF THE NATIONAL GUARDSMEN,
WHO ARE EXPERIENCING SEVERE MILITARY DISCIPLINE ON
PICTURESQUE HEIGHTS TWO MILES FROM SANTA CRUZ. - V •
Next to charity Is the' appreciation
thereof
Santa Cruz Pioneer Dead.
SANTA CRUZ,. June 20. — Frederick
Hagemann, & pioneer, ¦ died here to-day.
He was a native of Germany, aged 77
years. He was formerly- a prominent
business man in San Francisco and leaves
a large estate. He resided near this city
for many years at one of the prettiest
country places In the county, which he
named Friederichsruhe.
SEATTLE,* June 20.— The first gold ship
ments of the season are now on the way
from the Klondike. Sums aggregating
$1,500,000 were started from Dawson On
June 14 on the river steamers Canadian
and Zealandia, according to telegraphic
advices received In Skaguay. The Zea
landia got away from Dawson on the 14th
and the Canadian left the.same day. Both
consignments will probably arrive In Se
attle next week. . ... ;-
» ¦ ;
Disappearance of Pioneer Rancher.
SAN BERNARDINO, June 20.—Yester
day morning Henry Paine, a prominent
and wealthy rancher residing near Red
lands, disappeared and his prolonged and
unaccountable 5 absence has occasioned
much anxiety. Tracks have been found
where he went to his barn. He evidently
hitched his horse to his buggy and left in
a southerly direction. In a wash four
miles from his, ranch more tracks
were discovered where the horse and
buggy had reversed half _ a dozen times
within a space of forty feet. Paine is 65
years of age and a San Bernardino Coun
ty, pioneer.
» .
Salesman Says He Is Bankrupt.
LOS ANGELES, June 20.— Rex Bord, a
traveling salesman, filed S a • petition in
bankruptcy to-day. The liabilities are
$17,233 66 and assets $185. The indebtedness
was - contracted while Bord was in the
general merchandise business in Galves
ton, Tex. Various New York, Chicago,
New Orleans and St. Louis merchants are
numbered among his creditors. To James
G. Johnson & Co. of New York he owes
$403680 -...,.- - -- ... ,-•
GOI*D-LAI>EN VESSELS
COMING FROM THE ARCTIC
_______ . \
Million and a Half on the "Way to
Seattle From the Klon
dike.
SAN RAFAEL,- June 20.— The Marin
County Game Protective Association save
an outing\to its members and friends at
Lake Lagunltas to-day. The only unpleas
ant feature of the day, and it will furnish
merriment for 'months to. come, developed
after Assessor Parks and Frank ' Murray
returned to shore with about -two dozen
large trout, the reward of several hours'
laborious fishing and rowing. After ex
hibiting their, catch and hanging it on a
tree they went -to lunch. .They -spent the
rest of the day wondering why and how
their trout disappeared./ »¦¦..'
County Clerk Graham,' Treasurer Fallon
and Recorder Connell played an exciting
game of golf on, the adjacent links. Gra
ham won by 4 up. Connell took his de
feat much to hearth as ho has long been
looked upon as the champion golfer of the
Courthouse. - . -,..--¦ . . - . ••¦ :„
After catching fish and .the games. the
party repaired to the clubhouse, where
chicken and other things good to eat and
drink loaded the tables. f?v
Prominent /People of ; San Rafael
Gather for' Enjoyment on Shores
t : of Lagunitas. ) ; ¦>** "¦
PROTECTORS OF GAME
TTAVTE -THWIk OUTING
The accident occurred at Chllliwack,
where the residents of the farming sec
tion for a dozen miles around had gath
ered to .witness a number ' cf
amateur :" horse " races. Young Mc-
Swane,- who was ' the son of. a
Justice of -the Peace at ¦Chllltwack,»was
mounted on a large horse.- There was a
false start in the race, but his horse bolt
ed and the runaway animal dashed down
in front of the crowd at full speed. •
The boy was powerless to hold the horse
up. Soon the animal jumped a. fence and
started across a field. The lad still hung
on. The horse ran straight into a tree
and crushed the. lad against it. Half a
cozen other horses were by this time In
pursuit. The .runaway animal was so
much hurt in the collision that It was art
easy matter to catch him. The boy was
dead and mangled almost beyond recog
nition. ; r
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 20.— With his
skull crushed in, his neck broken and both
his j left arm and leg badly fractured,
Robert Bruce McSwane, a lad of 15 years,
was' yesterday ! afternoon carried for a
quarter of a mile. on the back of a run
away horse. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Animal Runs Away and
Crushes Rider Against
a Tree. '
Terrible End of a Boy
at. Race in British
Columbia.
HORSE DASHES
HIM TO DEATH
.-Trying to fix up a ; quarrel between two
wdmen ;, Is » like trying to sharpen a - lead
pencil with a' can, openep. ¦ ., „
."BERLIN, ' June - 2O.^The \ Czar J has : ac
cepted'Emperor, William's' invitation : to
view the grand army, maneuvers at I Dant
zic, -West Prussia.'-. v. . . ¦ : ; ¦•..¦-
: SOUR LAKE, Texas, June, 20.— The well
recently bored by ' the Guffey Petroleum
Company : developed [ into a. gusher unex
pectedly this afternoon. ,\ The oil . is of the
heavy variety. ¦ No attempt r to measure
the flow has been made, but e'stlmates put
It at 30.000 barrels.
••: '¦; ¦ .'• -»- i— ... '— .V-"*« ' ;
Czar_ ' Accepts Emperor's . Invitation:
Texas H?.'s .Another .Oil Gusher.
and Hathaway, who had taken refuge In
the building, was instantly killed.
Hartford City was visited • by a terrific
wind and hailstorm this evening. • Fifty
oil derricks were blown down and several
buildings were damaged, 1 causing a loss of
$25,000. ¦ • . , > . ?*.',
ORIGIN- OF NAVY. YARD
-. .;.¦ y X: FIRE STILL A : MTTSTEKY
Naval .Board of ; Inquiry "Unable to
Learn Cause of Blaze at Mare
.- • -v .' ¦ v ' '• ¦ Island. . '•; ' ;¦• ¦ '"¦ -¦ ' '
WASHINGTON, June;' 20. — Admiral
O'Neill has . received \ from . the - NaVal
Board of Inquiry: at San 'Francisco its re
port on . the ¦ recent , ; ..combustion ' In " the
smokeless j powder magazine T at £he ; Mare
Island navy . yard. .- : The ' inquiry failed to
develop any. cause' for the accident, as all
due precautions t had been : taken ! to' keep
tne temperature." down 1 to a proper degree
and otherwise to safeguard the powder.
Steamer ' Lino /Manager Decorated.
. BERLIN, ; June ' 20.— The Relchsanzelger
publishes a statement:. to . the~i effect " that
Emperor .':. William * has v decorated . Emil
iJoas, the American manager, of the Ham-
S^f^SW*? lln e; with the crown order
Qt the third clasr" - -¦¦¦¦«-" •¦-»•¦- • -j
Reception— Major Parker (chairman),. Hon.
AW T. Jeter, O. J. Lincoln, D. C. Clark, W.
H. Lamb, J. L. .Wright. C. E. Lindsay, W. D.
Haslam, F. A. Hihn, J. W. Llnscott, F. W.
Bliss, Frank Mattison, Judge L. F. Smith,' S.
Leask, J. F. Coope. Dr. C. W. Doyle, B. K.
Knight, H. E. Irish, H. F. Kron. H. H. Mil
ler, A. A. Taylor, A. A. Morey and-Dr. Clark.
Floor— H. S. .Wanzer, H.- J. Bias, L. E. W.
Pioda, Dr. W. R. Linscott. James Olive, H.
M. H. Pennlman, Frank Sears, Collls Dennis.
Frank Hoffmann and Georee Staffier. :
¦ Ladles' committee-rMiss Agnes Hihn-(chair
man), Mrs. Forgeua, Mrs. Pena, Mrs. Bliss,
M «- Jeter, Mrs. W. D. Haslam, Mrs. F. A.
Hihn, Mrs. W. C. Byrne, Mrs Hammer, Mrs.
Coope, Mrs. H. F. Kron, Mrs. : "W. • H. William
son. Mrs. L. F. Smith.. Mrs. J. R. Williamson,
Mrs - F. J. Hoffmann, and the Misses Josephine
and Agnes Parker,. Miss Violet Pena, Miss An
na Bias, Miss Carrie Newell, MIbs Anita Chris
tal. Miss Lois Arana, Miss Rita Morey,. Miss
Mao Budd. Miss Mabell* Chace, Miss Helen
ounger. Miss Minnie Cope, Miss Josle Tur
cot, Miss Anna Linscott, Miss Dora Drennan
and Miss Ella Bernhelm. -
The first really serious accident of the
encampment took place to-day, when Ser
geant Major - Eugene Despar, orderly on
o«neral Warfield's staff, was thrown from
his horse while on ; the practice march.
His wrist :taas badly fractured.
To-morrow, will be -the big day of the
week. Governor Gage is expected to ar
rive at noon, and General Shatter, It Is
expected, will be with him. They will go
Rt once to , the camp, where, after the
Cxoyernor s salute . has been fired '¦ and he
and_General Shafter have been received
by General Dickinson, the division will be
reviewed on the plateau , by . the com
mander in chief. The line will be formed
bv Assistant Adjutant General Miles, one
of the men J who has made the camp the
success it is. " . > • .. •
This evening also the citizens of Santa
Cruz_ are entertairiing . General Dickinson
and 1 his staff and the brigadiers and staffs
and the officers of the camp In the armory"
of the local division of the Naval Militia,
The committees in charge are as follows:
General Dickinson and his staff were en
tertained, by the Country Club this after
noon. This evening Colonel Winslow An
derson, surgeon general, 'Is receiving the
surgeons of the division hospital at a din
ner he is giving at. the Sea Beach Hotel.
mak« a racket, they popped away until
the air was filled with powder smoke and
the music of the bands marching through
the gate with the remainder of the brig
ade. The three companies claim they cap
tured the camp. The home command say
if -the call to arms had been sounded, as
it could have been, when the brigade was
first known to be advancing, no battalion
could have left the main column unob
served, and so every one is. happy. :
The Second/ Brigade camped last night
at Capitola. and on the way there It had
an adventure. Some time after the .brig
ade had left camp .Lieutenant Colonel
Hosmer, division Inspector; Major Hewes,
aid to General Dickinson, and Lieutenant
Harlock of the Naval Militia, the three
who entered the camp of the Third Brig
ade Monday night, accompanied by Troop
B of Sacramento, under Captain '-Kay,
started after It to intercept it on the road.
They followed along until near Capitola.
Cutting across country, whenever possible
and finally choosing • a .suitable place to
attack the advanc* guard, they waited for
the brigade. •• It was in^a. narrow canyon,
as good -a place as -a small party could
have chosen, and ¦when the advance guard
of Warfield's column: appeared the cavalry
attacked with revolvers. There was some
lively firing and , the advance guard fell
back upon s the main body; - which formed
at once for an attack, but Colonel Hos
mer's ¦ expadition' was not " : intended' for
mor.e' than a ¦ cavalry ; raid ¦ to . harass the
enemy, so having drawn. In the advance
guard and halted the column he drew off.
Captain Kay and his troopers rode back
to , camp,'. having the brigade wondering
what had happened and- scouting for -an
.enemy. :*;
Receptions to the -Officers. 7
I 'At » Greentown " the • loss . will . - probably
J reach ?10,OM. -. . -' .-
iAtrMonticello the , barn of -Bert, Hatha
l way ' was ; struck by a belt : of , llgntnlng
UBlHHBMflHBfeSHBHflHBHSWHHRiHi
"The Injured: Mrs.James Langdon.'Ko
komo, Ind., paralysis : left side; James
Parson and sou.'Kokomo, 'Ind., terribly
Injured by lightning: Henry . Goodlove,
Idaville, Ind.. stunned."; '..<¦.¦¦:'.
IRA- SMITH. Youngstown. : Infl.
INDIANAPOLIS, June 20.— Three per
sons were killed and several Injured by
lightning . during a severe electric; storm
which passed over Indiana last night.
The dead: - . . .
BERT HATHAWAY, Idaville, ; Ind.
GRACE LARKIN; 16 years old; daugh
ter, of ¦ Harvey Larkln, Ruley, 1 - Ind.*^ . > ..»
Others Badly Injured by
Lightning.
Three Persons Killed and Several
SEVERE ELECTRIC STORM V
PASSES OVER INDIANA
Before the faithest outpost was reached
Major Filmer, First Infantry, in com
mand of a battalion formed of Companies
L and M of the First and A of the Fifth
left the main body and approached the
camp from a different direction and some
distance ahead of the main column. They
came up the ravine In single file, and as
General WarfieJd was "being, received at
the guard tent with all the honors due a
friendly; command the attacking compa
nies sprang out of "the brush and made
a rush for the color line at division head
quarters. -
Then commenced the firing of rifles and
revolvers and a great shouting by the in
truders. It began to dawn on the camp
that the newcomers were not friends, but
enemies. There was a great rallying of
men of the Sixth and the Second regi
ments. They advanced on the timber line,
and. only too glad to have an excuse to
Bent for and a court was established In
the division commissary's tent.
The purpose is to examine every one of
the men and find if possible the ringlead
ers of the crowd that made the trouble.
The Investigation is still in progress, and
in the meantime the two men over -whom
the row was started are held to await
judgment, both civil and military. Noth
ing definite has come from the investiga
tion so far. for no one In particular was
leading the mob, and the gathering of
evidence of value 13 no easy matter.
General Warfleld's brigade marched
back to camp this afternoon, tired and
dirty, but proud of the fact that three
companies slipped past the guard and
came in the back way. or up the, ridge
through the timber skirting the camp
from the northwest. There was no effort
made to keep off the brigade on its .rfe
turn, as was done In the case of the First
Brigade on Its return, and to this is prob
ably due the fact that the three compa
nies slipped by the inner guards. The
' brigade had not reached Santa Cruz when
the signal corps announced Its approach.
General Dlckin&on was away with his
staff, and his aid. Major Hewes, after
consulting with-Colonel Berry of the Sev
enth Infantry, who happened to be at di
vision headquarters when the news came,
decided to treat the brigade as a friendly
command. No call to arms was sounded
and no cossack posts were sent out to re
connoiter. The approaching brigade had
therefore to deal only with the regular
guard of. the camp. v
Attack Made on the Camp.
Plan of an Eminent Literary Critic to
Encourage Study of the French
Language.
. PARIS. June 2O.-The Figaro pr'nts a
two-column appreciative article by Gaston
Des Champs, the eminent French literary
critic who recently delivered a course of
lectures in the United States on the Chi
cago University. M. Des Champs describes
a plan for the connection of the Uni-"
verslty with the "Alliance Francaise" ana
the encouragement of the studv of the
French language, literature and history
and refers to the visit of M.Cambon. the
French Emfcassador to the United States
to the institution.
, M. Des Champs concludes" his article
7$*+l h Z se w0 . rd<?^ " rt Is S° od ' tha * all
ibis be kncTvn in Frar.ce." ; ... ¦ \ ... .,
FAVORS AN" ALLIANCE
OP THE UNIVERSITIES
monized a union might be easily effected
between the present united church and
the old and powerful Norwegian Synod.
Professor Johnson, however., reported
•without comment that the joint commis
sion had sat for three days and been un
able to come to any agreement
Professor Schmidt then arose and as a
lone minority in the commission an
nounced that he recognized no authority
which could muzzle him. He stated that
the reports of the united church held fast
to the principle that there was no abso
lute certainty of salvation which was con
ditional on the faith and conduct of the
individual. Luther College theologians
would not budge from their position of
' (election and predestination and neither
Bide would yield an Inch. He asked to be
excused from the commission, but there
was not even a motion that bis request
should be granted. The lay delegates will
never consent to his withdrawal from that
boay.
Professor Schmidt Startles the Nor
wegian Lutheran Conference With
Seme Fiery Remarks.
MINNEAPOLIS. June 20.— Professor F.
¦ A- Schmidt to-day tossed a bomb Into the
meeting of the Norwegian Lutheran Con
ference. It had been hoped that if some
of the doctrinal questions could be har-
WASHINGTON. June 29.— Two new
postoffices were established to-day: Cali
fornia—Woodward, San Joaquln County,
Orville Y. Woodward Postmaster.
Washington— Foothill, Spokane County,
Susie A. Allison Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Harris E. Bishop, Manchester; Samuel
Rotanzi. Santa Ysabel; William Henzon,
Riverdale. Oregon — John II. Johansen,
Seaside. Washington— Hattle M. Brian,
Prescott. Appointed: Oregon— A. S.
Quant, Alba. Umatilla County, vice G. E.
Stocker, resigned.
Pensions v.-ere 'issued to-day to the fol
lowing: California: Original — John
Pritchard, Whittier. $8. Increase— Daniel
H. Johnson. Veterans' Home, Napa, $8:
Peter Lambert. Shingle Springs, $10-
Henry W. Ernst, San Jose, $8. Reissue
and increase— Emmer Bowen, Los An
geles. 514. Original widows-Phebe Ann
Gllson. Pleasanton, IS: Margaret C. Hard-
Ing. Oakland, $8. War with Spain, orig
inal — Frederick T. Brooks, Sacramento,
$17.
Washington: Original— James W. Nich
ols, Miles. $12: John M. P. Snyder. Walla
Walla.. $10. Increase— George G. Freeland,
Spokane, $8.
UNABLE TO HARMONIZE
ON DOCTBINAL QUESTIONS
Of Interest to tha Pacific Coast.
SEATTLE. June 20.— A demand has been
made by the Seattle Building Trades
Council upon the lumber manufacturers
and wood-working shops of Seattle for a
reduction of the hours of labor to nine
hours a day without a : decrease of pay.
This demand grew out of the action of
the Seattle Lumber Exchange In declar
: Ing a boycott on the 'members of the
5 trades council as a means of retaliating
for the action cf the council in boycotting
the lumber manufacturers by the Morans.
Falling in their efforts to enforce their
'demands, the trades- council will proba
bly order all of the local mill operatives
out. This will result in a shutdown*of all
. the mills, and as the lumber mills
throughout the State of Washington will
in all probability support the' local mills
in their fight, even to the extent of re
fupJng to furnish lumber to Seattle con
tractors affiliated with the Building
Trades Council, this will cause building
operations in the city to practically cease,
throwing some 5000 men engaged in build
¦ Ing operations and 1000 men employed in
sawmills and other wood-working shops
in the city out of work.
The mill men are strongly organized and
propose to fight a battle to the bitter end,
even if it Involves a shutdown of indefi
nite length. They say that as the larger
proportion of their product is for export
and comes directly into competition with
the product of other mills throughout this
State and Oregon this i3 the only course
left them.
Washington Men Demand Reduction
of the Hours of Work and t
Threaten Tie-T7p.
HHPL0YES OF BULLS
IsIAT GO ON A STRIKE
DECLARES SUM
FAR TOO HIGH
Jury WiH Hear Argument in
Sensational San Jcso * ;
Trial. • -,v
Defense in the Murphy
Case Asks for Non- -
Suit.
SAX JOSE, June 2O.-M!ss Bertha Smal
lej\ tvho is seeking to recover $24,000 from
the estate of the late James T. Murphy
for services rendered as an attendant and
nurse on the capitalist, rested her ca.se 1
to-day. For almost .three days witnesses
have been testifying to the relations
which existed between Murchy and the
,"»oman. When her last witness testified
to-day Miss Smalley appeared cheerful,
and assumed the jaunty air of a prospec
tive victor.
The defense introduced no testimony to
day, but Attorney Dflmas made a mo
don for a nonsuit, basing it on the ground
that if the services had been performed as
nurse the charge of $24,003 was far too
high.
Thomas C. Bethe'.l of this city, and an
intimate friend of Murphy, added a new
phase to the case. ' He had accompanied
Murphy on a trip to Europe several
months before his death and the latter had
often unbosomed himse'f of his love af
fair* to BetheJl. Murphy had told Bethell
after the will now being probated had
been witnessed that he would fool his rel
atives. He said the will he referred to
¦was not the only one. but that he had
made a later one. which was safely i
stowed away in San Francisco. It made <
¦provision, he said, "for the little girl who :
has been so faithful to me." Murphy fre
quently told Bethell how kind Miss Smal
3ey had been to him, and that he Intended .
to provide well for her. The deceased had
spoken of giving Miss Smalley a large
sum of money and buying her a country
home rear San Jose.
The deposition of E. J. Baldwin of San
Francisco was read. "Lucky" Baldwin
Is said to be a relative of Miss Smalley.
While conducting the hotel in 1S94-95 Bald
win said Murphy occupied rooms, and
after a time Miss Smalley came to live
with him. As soon as he found out the
relations of the two he ordered them out
of the hote'.. About a month after, when
he was in the barroom of the hotel. Mur
phy came to him and in an apologizing
.way tcld Baldwin he did not want him to
think he "had it In for him." Murphy
raid he was with Miss Smalley. and that
she had looked after him when he was
Intoxicated and that he was going to do
what was right with her.
The. Jury was excused for the afternoon
and argument In regard to the motion for
a nonsuit was opened by Attorney Kow
altky for the plaintiff. The case will go
on to-day. -¦¦¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
„...._ , _ _ t _ , s ..... . ....... . --.- , -r
TIIK FAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTTNE 21, 1901.
n , • ,u m *.- i n An ~. ¦'¦¦4. c ¦ l r> '-mi r ,,u
Excitement in the National Guard Lamp at Santa Cruz Marks the
Arriyal of the Second Brigade After Its ; Hard: March and Battle.
With a* Cavalry Detachment in a Ravine in; the Woods
RETU R NiNG TROOPS OUTWIT GUARDS
AMD DASH TO CAPTURE THE COLORS
the riot of last night; and he spent most
of to-day at the investigation.
"When the troopers arrived in camp .
from town last evening' they brought
more than forty prisoners, and all- these •
'were put in the guard tents to await the
inquiry'. which Generr.l Dickinson at; once
detailed Colonel Dwyer to make. In pur
suance 'of" that order Sheriff Besse and
Chief of Police Rawles were asked to
come to camp and be present during the
inquiry and to assist In identifying the
men. They arrived In , camp about 10
o'clock and at once the prisoners were
js-j AMP GAGE, SANTA CRUZ, June
fl7 20.— For the first time this week
(I the judge advocate's department
had to work. Lieutenant Colonel
Dwyer, -division Judge advocate,
was assigned the task of Investigating
2
¦ ' . . '¦ J ¦ ¦ . s '
Nearly everybody seems to be taking Prof. Van
yon"*' cold- Care whenever a cold appears. It
relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs so quickly
that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of grippe,
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Care
is like a life insurance policy, i Every one of his
remedies is as sure. Mostly asc vial. Goide to
Health free. Mnnwn. New Ynrlr and Phlladelohla.-
Specialists. Disease *** J,
and weakness of p ' >
men. Establls h e d ISfk 1 .^, ,•
1881. Consultation 4VO \ tZj£fm^& '
free, at of3c& or by \ )t SL J^Uj.
mail. Cures guar- %$i'-<-&J&5k I
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket tstreet (eleva- 1 "jdS ,
tor entrance). San jM \7
Francisco. — s<s J»^~^y'S^^
ADVEBTISEBIENTS.
STATEMENT
i • ¦''' . OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE^ —
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NEW TORK. In the State of New Tork.
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1900.
and -for- the year ending on that day. as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California' pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. -
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital . Stock. ¦ paid up -
in Cash 1200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and -W-
Bonds owned by Company $434,306 15
Cash in Company's Office 10 07
Caab in Banks : 20,550 73
Interest due and accrued on all '
Stocks and-Loans .'. 1.278 M
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion .... 63.25G 00
Due from other Companies for Re-
. Insurance on losses already paid... 1,(57 00
;-' Total Asset* $530,953 54
LIABILITIES.
[Losses adjusted and unpaid - $1,086 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
1 in Suspense — : 19,612 00
Losses resisted, - including expense*. 250 00
I Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
! . nlnp: one year or less, (218,869 40;
!: reinsurance CO per cent 109,434 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
!»¦ ning more than one year, $61,524 07; ¦
; .. reinsurance pro rata...... 84.277 11
I All other Liabilities 27.049 93
Total Liabilities $191,109 74
w"--^ INCOME.--- ¦. \ ' "
Net cash actually received for Fire
j premiums $225,288 40
.Received for intereet and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and'
from all other sources... "u.801 81
Received for profit on sale of Bonds S.K0 W
i ,.: Total Income*......... ......" $243,153 gg
' > ExppNDiTUREa .r. .>-"..- , . "~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $— ..losses of previ-
ous years) ¦ $ig3 i gi2 79
Net amount 'paid for Marine Losses
(including . I , losses of previ- :
ous years) „. 452 93
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or , allowed for Commission or
Brokerage...' TL68« 34
Paid for Salaries, -Fees and other,
charges for officers, clerks, etc..-..< I MS M
Paid for State, National and Local
All other payments and* expenditures XS45 93
• Total Expenditures ......«.'.,.., V^- 1292,202 23
¦ •? ' ' * ' " ' * ¦ ' Ff t*>
Loesea . incurred during the year..... $156.76072
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . "
written - during the
year ...'..:. '$37,848,294 $394 552 69
Net amount . of Risks - *^ lt " w .
expired during the
year 84,623.933 82«,524 81
Net - amount In force . ¦ .¦ . "
December 81. 1900..:.. 25.824.823 280,393 47
STATEMENT
OF THUS
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
or thjc
National Standard
1NSUHAMCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK, In the State of New Tork
on the 31st day of December, A. I>. 1900.
and for the year ending on that day, as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State
of California, pursuant to the provisions of
sections no and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np
in Cash $300,000 08
ASSETS. ,
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company U23.S30 00
Cash in Company's Office • fu
Cash In Banks ....: .1". c.131 17
Interest due and accrued on all
and Loans.. , gj
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion „. B8.511 Cfl
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 1,553 00
: Total Assets «349.R» 50
Losses adjusted and unpaid f2,tU&0
Losses In process of Adjustment or f
_ in Suspense 15.«M 09
Losses resisted, including expenses.. . 1.S35 Oo
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nins; one year or less, J228.617 71;
reinsurance 50 per cent U4.SC8 U
Gross premiums on Fire Risks rtm-
nlnsr more than one year. $31,893 S3:
reinsurance pro rata. 20.121 M
All other Liabilities 23! 437 13
Toui Liabilities na&sis a
IXCOMEi " •
Net cash' actually received for Fire •
_premiums J238.S79 5»
Received for intereet and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and • -
from aM other sources 13,233 18
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 25,750 00
Total Income |277.&21 77
EXPENDITURES. . ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including- ' | , losses of prevl- - •
ous years) H80.903 27
Ket amount paid for. Marine Losses
(Including: J . lessee of previ-
ous years) 2*4 34
Dividends to Stockholders 24.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage ' 72,333 6
Paid. for Salaries, Fees and other v
charges for officers, clei**. etc 2. 763 00
Paid for State. National and Local ¦ ¦
taxes.:. . 7.820 0«
All other payments and expenditures • 2,334 39
Total Expenditures C91.C22 71
Losses incurred during the year $157,835 61
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
y^ tM L. d^.f.... th .! *S.«3.« *04,*7«l
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ......: S4.O3.a5 117.S69 »
Net amount In force
December SI. U00 25.4W.8S3 -Mft.gUO
:-¦- . . ROBERT C. RATHBONE. President.
,:,--- ;R. BIJEECKER RATHBONE. Secretary
• Subscribed and -sworn to before me this
24th day of January. 1901. •-. iorB - me ' ""*
GEO.:O. RUGER, Notary PubUc.
JOEX. FRANCIS FREEMAN. President.
EMIL.E. PIEPEK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26U
day of January.' mi.
. GEO. O. RUGER, Notary PuWla
PaCIFlC DJEF*ARTTAlErST.
C. A. HENRY & CO.^Cene^lAgehtSp
215 Sansomo Street, San Francisco, CaU
Good news — your washing: I
done better with half the work—
Fels-Naptha soap. , . '.
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't j like it. >
: : ¦ . ' \ •;-:
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
World Famous Mariani Tonic
The medical profession as well
as all who have used Vin Ma-
riani pronounce it une~qualed
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes. \,
ira^ FAVORITfiE
BAJ A PAL- 1 FC)RN I A '';,/.
ODaihiaiiafiitteps
ISA: GREAT KESTORAT1 VJE. t: IN VIGOrI-
tor and; Nervine. " : v;-'"--V we :../ .." r . -., ,
h The moat wonderful aphrodisiac ' and > Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. ¦
v The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and t Bladder. > Sellg on " its ' own merits. ',
•*,;-;,: NABER.TALF8 & BRUNE, "Agent*. -
Z!Z Market St., S.F.— (Send for Clrculawa
¦ ¦-¦::¦• •->.; :•:.-;. -¦••¦ " '
AD VEB.TISEMENTS.
. ff Vacation Hints for gentUmen\ l
1 rappmgs
Smart togs for folks who
follow the fashions.
Right style for saddle or.
wheel, for field or woods,
for water or links,
at home or abroad.
Flannel Outing Suits— Just right In every way. .
. Net a curve out of fashion. $7-50 to $25 each
Knickers— Thd swdlest part of a Summer
1 outfit. $2.50 to $7.50 «ach
Croats— The correct sporting tie. The smartest -
neckwear kink of the season. - $1 upwards
Golf Shirts— Some exclusive stripes and solids.
Very much out-of-the-usual. . $1 to $3 JO each
Golf Hose— Hoot Mon, but they're different from
\ ' • any we've seen. ' Some extremely original
.plaids. $1.50 upwards
Beltt— A very Important trifle In some Very
¦ "new designs. 50c to $4
Golf Caps — Noddle topplers , In new effects.
Good for a hundred uses. \ 50c to $1.75
Sweaters— What a world of comfort In a sweater!
•*;~ Everybody needs one. ¦ $2 to $4 each
Duck Pants— A made-to-order finish at a readv-
| to-wear price. You can't afford to be with-
out them. Three pair at least. $1-50 pair
Rops Bros.
'Outfitters for ¦ Vacationers
Rearny Street, at Post, S, F.
If you can't tome % write- — Mail orders filled. ,
[BflllDfl 1
i iun Tils Gfttt Tnl» j
h nraa but twfc* ft
I IBOBSOI! =^
1 THE Lwvlngit9i»,
g ** I! arrives In
1 fifliirnnuu ChIca fl° tt215
j'UUfOBiu n
xS I I i» I 1 1 I
B KillllllSiW Rs hfj(1l standard
I «J sanies is
nX: ' Wry nafntalned.
PITHEShot While Charging at Head of the
Irish Brigade at Battle of
Fredericksbtirg.
NEW YORK, June 20.— General Robert
Nugent died at his home in Brooklyn late
to-night as a result, of a bullet wound in
the stomach received at the battle' of
Fredericksburg, December 13, 1862, while
he was charging at the head of the
Meagher Irish Brigade. This wound has
troubled General Nugent ever since.
General Nugent was born in ; Ireland
July 24, 1824, and emigrated to New York
when a young man. He was lieutenant
colonel of the Sixty-ninth Regiment, New
York State Militia, before the opening of
the civil > war. At the opening of the war
he was' appointed a captain in the regular
army.. Shortly before the battle of Fred
ricksburg General Meagher was Incapaci
tated and Colonel Nugent succeeded to
the command and was brevetted. He was
assistant provost marshal of New York
during the entire draft riots. He served
in many battles in the West against the
Sioux and other Indian tribes and was
with General Miles in the battles agalrist
Sitting Bull. In 1877 he was retired as
major for Incapacity resulting from the
wound received at Fredericksburg and re
turned to New York . to live.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF
CONCORDIA TURN VEREIN
IN SAN DIEGO.
TWO MEN INSTANTLY ,
KILLED IN A DUEL
Meet on Street of a Mississippi Town
and When Tiring Ceases Both
Combatants Are Dead.
WAYNESBORO, Miss., June 20.— A. M.
Leary and J. T. Davis engaged in a duel
to-day, in which ¦ both were killed,
the ' trouble rose as the result of
a family feud. Davis, who owned a big
licensed distillery, opened fire on Leary
with a pistol. He fired three times. After
Leary was down he fired a shot with a
pistol, killing Davis.
President Hays Provides for New
SHOSTEB, TIME TO THE EAST.
Schedule for the Overland.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 20.— President
Ijays of the Southern Pacific system, who
has been In the East for some 'time, left
here to-day fcr San Francisco. It Is said
that during President Hays' visit in. the
East arrangements were practically con
cluded by him for the material shortening
of the running time of the overland lim
ited between Chicago and San Francisco.
The arrangements contemplate a . reduc
tion of several hours In the present run
ning time of that train
ACCUSE HIM OF EPFOET -
¦ TO BURN MANY HOUSES
Salinas Officers Arrest a Cook Al-
Incendiarism.
leged. to Have Tried Wholesale
SALINAS, June 20.— John Harp, -a cook,
was caught this afternoon by Marshal
Nesbitt while liying- to set fire to a resi
dence "on Pajaro street/ Six alarms "of
fire In twenty-four hours put the officers
on the alert, and their vigilance was
rewarded by. Harp's capture. He is ac
cused of having attempted to burn the
residence of G. A. Daugherty twice, his
own house' three times, a barn once and
the United Presbyterian Church once. He
is silent as to the cause for. his action.
Cowboy Shot in a Quarrel.
TUCSON, Ariz.; June 2O.-Matt Burts
and Bob Warren Quarreled at "YVilcox yes
terday: afternoon while engaged Jn" a
round-up of cattle. Burts. shot Warren's
gun from his hand and wounded his arm
so that it will have . to be ¦•; amputated.
Burts confessed to holding up a Southern
Pacific train at Cochise with Billy Stiles,
and testified against Alrord • and ;¦ Down
ing, .companions in the -hold-up.: / This
angered ; the .friends of Downing; and . Al
vord, and yesterday's quarrel was the re
sult. Governor. Murphy.. recently pardoned
Burt3 from ¦ Yuma ' Penitentiary, • where ¦ he
was . serving: a' five years'.' sentence. ;¦-/'< :. : '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOLSOM, June 20.— The. big rock crush
er at the Folsom prison was burned to
the ground this afternoon. As ; the gen
eral lock-up was being made an alarm of
fire was sent in from a post situated near
the rock crusher. Ten minutes after .the
alarm was sounded the massive structure
was enveloped in flames. A few trusted
convicts were taken from their cells and
were sent to try to save the building, but
they could not approach the place because
of the heat.
The rock crusher had supplied all por
tions of this State with crushed rock and
was capable of handling about forty cars
a day. The origin of the fire is not known.
The crusher was not in operation to-day,
and it is believed by some that the fire
was started by an incendiary. The de
struction of the plant will throw about 250
convicts out of work. The cost of the
rock crusher was $70,000. . • ',
About 7:30 o'clock to-night the remains
of the crusher fell across the canal, dam
ming the water, and the. power-house, at j
Folsom was brought to a standstill. Men'
are employed pt the rate cf.U an hour
clearing a way for the water, as the peo
ple of Folsom and Sacramento are with
out lights. * i •
Valuable Large Plant at the
State Prison Is De
. stroyed.
FIERCE BLAZE RUINS
FOLSOM ROCK CRUSHER
WASHINGTONVJune 20.— The Navy De
partment hate taken cognizance of the ac
tion of the commander of. the battleship
Massachusetts in going through Hell Gate
to-day on his way from New York to
Newburyport. This course Is regarded as
extremely dangerous for a ship of the
dimensions of the Massachusetts, and as
a result Secretary Long issued a strin
gent order to-night that hereafter no bat
tleship shall go through Hell Gate except
under conditions of exceptional emer
gency. . • ''
yKW YORK, June 20.— Without the as
sistance of a pilot and to demonstrate
that a first class battleship could be?nav
igated through Hell Gate successfully,
Captain Henry M. Manney took the big
battleship Massachusetts through the
Narrows to-day. It was the first time in
the history of the navy that any com
mander of a war vessel of this class ever
dared attempt the feat, and river craft and
the shores were crowded- by spectators to
¦witness the trip of the Massachusetts.
The passing of the mammoth fighting
machine through the dangerous waters of
Hell Gate successfully proves that in case
of hostilities with a foreign power a bat
tleship of the same draught of the Massa
chusetts, if she passed the fortifications
of Willetts Poiftt and Fort Schuyler,
could repeat the performance of the
Massachusetts.
Captain Manney Runs the
Narrows With the Big
Massachusetts.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, June 20.— Next Frida
the fourth circuit Turnfest of the
Pacific Coast States will begin in
this city, and for four or five days
the members of the Concordla
Turn Verein of this city will entertain the
visiting Turners, not only from all over
California, but from Washington, Oregon,
Idaho, . Montana, Nevada -and Arizona,
The programme is to include prize sing-
Ing, shooting and turning, picnics, excur
sions, dances, fireworks and other means
of having a good time. Active Turners
are expected from all the States named
and siriging sections are to be present
from all over Southern and Central Cali
fornia.
The big National Bundes shooting fes
tival in San francisco next month may
keep some of 'the members of the snoot-
TAKES A BATTLESHIP
THROUGH HELL GATE
Will Study Swiss Viticulture.
LONEK5N. June 2L — The Geneva corre
spondent of the Dally Mail announces
that Mr. Vaughn, a large vineyard owner
of California, has- arrived at Lausanne to
study the Swiss system of viticulture.
GOVERNMENT INTEREST
IN A RAILWAY SOLD
Indebtedness Grew Out of the Issu
ance of Bonds by the United States
¦:',, -^ •;':' to the Company.
WASHINGTON, June-20.^-Acting under
the authority of the act approved Jurfe C,
1900, and a 'notice issued by -the
Secretary of the Treasury, the acting j\.t-"
torney General and the Secretary of the
Interior, the Government's interest in the
Sioux City and Pacific Railway Company
was Fold at auction to-day, to the' Chicago
and Nothwestern' Railway ; Company for
$2,112,000, this being the upsetsprice fixed
by the Government and including a credit
of $250,000 due the company for mail
transportation, etc. The larger amount
was paid in ca«h. .
Some time ago the commission appoint
ed to estimate the value of. the road fixed
the amount at |3.500,000. Of this total
there were prior liens amounting to %\,
62S,000, which would leave the value of
the Government's claim $l,S72,000, which
with the credit of $250,000 i makes the
amount realized to-day: The total amount
of the Government's claim, however, was
$1,628,320 in principal and $2,556,269 in in
terest, making a total of $4,184,589. Ac
cording to the value of the road as esti
mated by experts no amount greater than
the price brought to-day could bo real
ized, hence the upset price was fixed at
that figure. The indebtedness grew out of
the issuance cf bonds by the. United
States to the railroad company and the
acts of June 1, 1862, and July 2, 1864.
FARM HAND ATTEMPTS
V TO KILL A FAMILY
He Afterward Crawls Into' a Straw
*" Stack, Fires It and Then Shoots .
Himself.
BLOOMINGTON, 111., June 20.— At Bro
haw, this county, yesterday T. J. Reece,
a farm hand, who had returned from two
years' ranching in the West, shot and
seriously wounded John Young, a prom
inent farmer, and then set a straw stack
on fire, shot himself and was cremated.
Reece first appeared at the home of Sam
uel Rhodes and told Rhodes he meant_to
kill him. Rhodes talked him out * of the
idea and Reece left and went to the
home of Young, where he opened fire
without warning. Young was shot in the
leg and hip. and the other members of the
family had narrow escapes. Then shout
ing that he was going to the heme of
Frank Kimler to kill the family, Reece
fled. He did not appear at the Kimler
home,- however, and no trace of him could
be found until to-day," when a strawstack
in the vicinity suddenly burst Into flames,
and searchers found Reece's body with
a bullet hole in the head, half-consumed
in the flames. Reece was 35 years old
and had lived for thirteen years in the
vicinity of BroKaw. It is thought he sud
denly went insane from brooding over a
love affair of several years ago.
BRYAN A HOPES HANNA k . m
WILL BE NOMINATED
Says' It Is Too Early to Talk About
Democratic Aspirants for the
Presidency.
CHICAGO, June 20.— W.j. Bryan, in a
talk with Chicago nawspaper men to-day,
said: ' , : -. , ...
"I am for Mark Hanna for the Republi
can "candidate for President next time
and hope the Republicans will nominate
him, but I'm not sure I can control their
convention." ¦¦-'
- "Who would be a good man ¦ for the
Democrats to nominate?" was asked. >•
."It's too early to talk;about any man
for the Democratic nomination," said Mr.
Bryan. "I 'have taken up a' line ofwork
and believe I have twenty, years ahead of
me to carry it out." ;
HEEOISM OF A SOLDIER
FITTINGLY RECOGNIZED
Presented With a Gold Medal by
French Government for Sav-
ing Two ; laves.
\ WASHINGTON, June 20.— Information
has reached the French, embassy here
that, by a decision: of ' the; Government
; June 3 a -French 'corporal has: been deco
rated with a Frold medal of > the second
class for an act of : heroism toward two
American.-' soldiers during .the campaign
in China; The' recipient is CorporalDa
buron, a' bugler . of ¦ the , Sixteenth Regi
ment of . Colonial ¦„ Infantry.- While the al
lied forces iwere. marching on Peking and
just before they had ;taken Yangtsun two
American, soldiers fell into the Peiho Riv
er. '.At the risk off his life; the Frenchman
jumped Into the 'stream and "succeeded in
rescuing both: of 'the Americans. ., ¦ -.
:. - : - ¦• ' ." ¦- " : .
unable to make an advance estimate of
the number who will be here. The first
contingent will probably arrive from the
north by steamer on Friday morning, and:
ITALIANS TO LOCATE
IN THE SAN JOAQUIN
Santa Fe Railway Back of
a Vast Colonization
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, June 20.— The Record-Herald
to-morrow will say: The management of
the Santa Fe Railway has begun to carry
out a vast colonization plan which will
result in bringing many thousands of Ital
ians to this country and in locating them
on .lands In 'Southern California, New-
Mexico, Oklahoma and Texas. Agents of
the road have been sent to Italy with lit
erature for distribution in various parts
of the peninsula. These books are In the
Italian language and are plentifully illus
trated with views taken from picturesque
spots along the line of the Santa Fe in
the States and Territories mentioned. Spe
cial effort is to be made to colonize the
San Joaquin Valley, which Is one of the
most fertile grazing regions in the West.
It is said to be the intention of the com
pany to extend its colonization plans to
other countries in Europe after the Italian
agency becomes flourishing;.
Regarding the plan an official of the
company had this to say:
"We intend to bring over only the bet
ter class of Italians, and we hope to do a
large business from Italy during the next
year. By establishing agencies there and
having our own men on the ground we
will be able to select our Immigrants, to
a certain extent, and bring over only
those who we feel sure will make homes
in the Western country.'.'
to the Tent City, where dinner will be
served. Those of the visitors who remain
on Tuesday will be tendered an excursion
to Old Mexico, to be followed by a visit
to the old mission and to Point Loma, Of
ficers and, members of the Concordia Turn
Verein are hard at work planning for the
entertainment of the visitors, the ar
rangements being in the hands of the fol
lowing committees: < •
' Executive — J. R. Seifert. J. Xaumann, J.
Herbs, A. Sensenbrer.ncr, M. L.. de Julien, P.
Piepenbrink. R. Torpfer, L.. Fritz, M. Trepte,
A. Hohlhard, Joseph Winter, A. Schmidt, H.
HaberfellutT, J. A. Cohn,f J. Schachtmayer,
A. J. Weiser and H. Schlitterer.
' Agitation— M. I>. de Julien. • P. Piepenbrink,
Ed Mayer,. J. Winter, H. Marquardt, J. F.
Kaidel. S. Lesinsky, E. Eicke, M. Voilmar and
L. Fritz. (i. .,.. ... •
Programme— L. Fritz, M. L. de Jullew, J.
Harbs. P. Piepenbrink and R." Torpfer.
Music — M. I... de Julien, I... Fritz, Joseph "Win
ter and F. Boeckh.
Transportation— L. Fritz, John R. Seifert and
A. Sensenbrenner.
Reception— P. Plepenbririk, L. Schuler, J.
Harbs. M. L. de Julien, H. Fritz, E. Schulte.
R. Robyn, H. Hobyn, A." Stahel and H. Kerber.
Lodging houses and hotels— J. A. Cohen, A.
Sensenbrenr.er, Joseph Winter, Frank Winter
and A. Ehrhardt. "~- • :
p resg — m. L. de Julien, J. Harbs and L.. Fritz.
Decorations— L. Fritz, J. Zoller, E. Schulte,
J. Schachtmayer and A. Kohlhardt.
Technical— M. L. de Julien, H. Haberfelluer,
P. Plepenbrlnk.\ P. Boeckh and R. Torpfer.
Saloons— J. Schachtmayer. P. Becker, G.
Gaedke, II. Trepte and E. Eicke.
Restaurants — A. Sensenbrenner, L.. Fritz and
J. R. Seifert.
Finance— A. Sensenbrenner, J. Naumann and
A. J. Weiser.
Dance— A. Schmidt, H. Fritz, J. T. Kaidel.
C. Haufmann, F. Gehring, M. Winter and J.
A. Cohn.
Railroad and steamer — J. Naumann, H.
Breugmann. K. Buehler, J. Winter, A. Kohl
irdt, L. Schulte and H. Bwald.
luctant convert to the necessity of annex
ation. He looked forward hopefully to
the . time when these distractions would
be ended, and said that they all worked
unitedly for liberal .reform and progress.
Division in the Party.
By his, trenchant speech- Mr. Asquith
achieved the complete severance or, the
two wings of the Liberal party. This was
done to the great Joy of the Conserva
tives, whose press organs this morning
cannot find words sufficient to applaud his
courage and honesty. The press is of the
opinion that the party of many leaders
will now find greater difficulty than ever
in discovering who is the real leader of
the party.
The Daily Chronicle hails Mr. Asqul?h
as the true leader, and calls upon Sir Hen
ry Campbell-Bannerman to declare with
equal explicitness whether he will follow.
John Morley's banner.
LONDON, June 20.— Herbert H. As
quith, the former LJheral Home
Secretary, speaking at a Liberal
dinner .this ¦ evening, protested
against the pro-Boer resolutions
adopted at Queen's Hall yesterday being
accepted as a pronouncement of the'Liber
al party. He declared that Boer Indepen
dence was Impossible and said the Liberal
; party favored a free federated South Afri
;ca, on the lines of Canada and Australia.
Mr. Asquith further, said that Liberals
holding his views had been branded as
ischismatlcs, but they had not changed
.their! views,, had always condemned the
war policy and they considered it must
now 1 be left' for .the judgment of history.
. Mr.: Asquith said that at the beginning
?of the war he believed it was possible to
;restore-the status of the two South Afri
can.republics, buf>that he was now a re-
ARRESTED FOR EORGERY
AiND IS WANTED HEBE
Man in Jail in Southern California
Will Be Turned Ovsr to .
Local. Police.
. SAN BERNARDINO, June 20.— C. King,
alias C. C. Kemp, who was arrested last
Saturday for forgrery alleged to have
been committed at Redlands, was to-day
bound over 'to the Superior Court in $1000
bonds. King is 29 years of age and the
police claim he has a long criminal rec
ord. He is said to be' wanted in San
Francisco also for forgery. When ar
rested numerous stocks, bonds and other
papers were found in his possession bear
ing the name of Dr. C. C. Kemp. Noth
ing is known of the latter. A medicine
case was also ' found belonging to Kemp.
The prisoner is | non-communicative, but
admits that King is an assumed name.
¦ Kemp Is wanted .In this . city for passing
bogus checks. As soon as ; Captain Seymour
learned that he was under arrest at Kedlands
he wired the Chief of Police of that city to
hold him In case the.. charge against him was
dismissed. Most of the worthless checks were
passed on members of .the -Young Men's Chrls
tlon Association. The medicine chest, which
was found in Kemp's possession, belongs to a
doctor who' Is' at -present in this city. For
some unknown reason the police refuse to di
vulge 1 his name. ' " '
S(DUP AFRICAN WAR DIVIDES BRITISH
LIBERALS INTO QUARRELING FACTIONS
Herbert H. Asquith' Heads Movement of Revolt by Declaring That
the Pro-Boer Resolutions Adopted at Queen's Hall Meeting
Must Not Be Accepted as a Pronouncement of the Party
Bailey was arrested and said he did not
know how the fatal result came about.
He made no attempt to escape. -•-*
NEW ORLEANS, June 20.— Walter
Selph, a young drummer, son of . Colonel
Dudley Selph, State Inspector of rifla
practice and former rifle champion, was
killed to-night in a prizefight at Audubon
Park. He and a young man named L. L».
Bailey had a quarrel , at a military ball
and agreed to fight it out with bare fists.
They had no seconds and pounded each,
other until Selph fell from a blow' which
broke his neck.
Fist and in Falling- His Neck
Is Broken.
Felled by a Heavy Blow From Bare
f*YOTJNG DBUMMEE EH1ED
HT A PBIZE-PIGHT
LONDON, June 21.— The pro-Boer Daily
News says it hears the -rebellion Is
spreading ominously in Cape Colony It
says it is stated that about 6000 residents
of Cape Colony, mostly farmers* sons,
have joined Boer commandoes.
Ihitch Revolt iSpreadlng.
The Daily News says that the smolder-
Ing discontent o/ those calling themselves
Liberal Imperialists has at last burst into
flames and that lt is deplorable that Mr.
Asqulth, of all men, should seem to head
the movement of revolt which can end in
nothing but the repudiation of liberalism. .
"It is the duty of the .Liberals." says
the Daily News, "to now loyally support
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman." It may
safely be predicted that Mr. Asquith will
find a very large following, both among
the Liberal members of the House of Com
mons and the country generally.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The body of
General Charles G. Bartlett, one of the
victims of the sinking of the ferry-boat
Northfield of < the Staten Island line last
week, was found to-day in the East Riv
er. A gold waich, which had stopped at
6:30 o'clock, was found on the body. It
bore the following inscription: "Presented
to Colonel Charles G. Bartlett by the of
ficers of his regiment, April 30, 1S65."
Colonel Bartlett's Body Recovered.
CORTEZ AT BRY
IN A THICKET
Posses of Texans Have
the Mexican Bandit
Surrounded.
— -?- — % ': -^
Hope to Speedily,; Effect" the
Capture or Death of.
y the Fugitive.
COTULLA, Tex.," June. 20.— Gregorlo Cor
tez, the alleged slayer of Sheriffs j Morris
and- Glover, is now within a few miles of
Cotulia, but has not yet been captured;
On Tuesday afternoon information was
received that -the'- '.Mexican outlaw" was
coming this way from Campbellton. That
evening Sheriff Van of Kerr' County with
his posse on a special train arrived here
and was joined by Sheriff Hill and his
posse. They went to Twohlg and from
there down the river to cut off Cortez.
Last night Sheriff Klnscl -wired -to Dep
uty Maltberger that his posse was on a
hot trail near Millette and that' Cortez
had been seen, but had escaped* Majt
berger and W; C. Campbell struck , his
trail about five miles from Cotulia this
morning and followed him where he had
cut several wire fences. Blood' stains
showed that Cortez's- horse was about
exhausted and unable to jump.
About 10 o'clock the pursuing party
found the little, brown mare that Cortez
had been riding-. She was badly fagged.
Cortez's trail then led into a dense thick
et, covering hundreds of acres. No trail
was found leading from there, and he Is
supposed to be hiding In the thicket. A
large posse headed by Sheriff Avant ar
rived here this afternoon by train and '
left for the thicket. Strong 'hopes are
entertained for the speedy capture of Cor
tez. , The horse found is undoubtedly the
one ridden by Cortez, who came near Til
den, through the Dull. Irvin, O'Connor
and Johnson ranches, cutting fences as he
fled. - - /¦
The . posse was in sight of him once,
just before 8 o'clock, but he escaped. His
clothing is in tatters and he has thrown
away his rifle, retaining only his pistols.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex. , . June 20.— An ad
ditional posse of twenty men left this, city
for Cotulia by special train to-night to
aid in x searching the thicket in which Cor
tez, the Mexican bandit, is believed to be. 1
The party goes heavily armed and carries j
bloodhounds to send Into the thicket. Co- •
tulla is ninety miles from San, • Antonio j
and fifty miles from the. Mexican border. |
Since the present serious condition of I
affairs In Southwest Texas between ban-' I
dits an* the authorities began six men i
have been killed— three American officers!
and three Mexicans — six ..wounded, all ¦
being Mexicans, one being a woman,, and
nine captured. The casualties have been
as f oBows : ...
June 12— Sheriff -. W. T. - Morris of- Carnes
County, in attempting to . arrest ¦ Mexicans
charged with horse-stealing, ..was killed, and
one of his assailants wounded. \
June • 14 — In attempting to arrest" the alleged i
slayers of Sheriff Morris in . Gonzales County
Sheriff It. M. Glover and ; Constable Henry
Schnable were killed and three Mexicans
wounded. 1
June 13 — At Ottine one Mexican was killed
while resisting: arrest. • ' '...'*
June 16— A Mexican was killed at Belmont
and another wounded while resisting arrest. " •
June 17— A party of rangers, under Lieutenant
Sander*, near Eernavldes, In a running fight,
killed one Mexican, wounded another and cap
tured a third.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY^ JUNE 21, 1901.
a big crowd is expected that evening by
train. Committees will meet the visitors
at the train and will conduct the delega
tions to Turner Hall, where addresses of
welcome will be made" by John R. Seifert,
the president of the Concordla Turn Ve
rein; by -Mayor Frank P. Frary and L.
Fritz, the president of the Southern Cali
fornia Turn Bezirk. -
. The following days will be filled with
the prize shooting, prize singing and prize
turning, and the evening will be devoted
to reception, ball and banquet. Monday
will be given up largely to an excursion
on the bay, with a visit to Coronado and
ing sections away, as they will want to
attend that gathering and may not feel
able to spare tfte time to attend both.
There will be plenty of marksmen, how
ever, to keep the target men at the ranges
busy. Letters have been received from
many cities saying that good-sized delega
tions will be piesent. but the officers of
the Concordla Turn Verein profess to be
SAN DIEGO CITIZENS WILL GREET -
THB TURNERS FROM PACIFIC STATES
An Elaborate Programme Is Prepared by the Concordia, Verein
of the Southern California City and the Delegates. Are to
Contribute. Largely to, a Season of Delightful Entertainment
GENERAL NUGENT DIES
FROM AN OLD WOUND
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TTATR. WON'T FAI-I« OUT
If You Kill the Dandruff Germs With
the Hew Treatment.
John N. Fuller, a well-known citizen of
Colfax, Wash., says: "I had dandruff
eo badly that It caked on my scalp. .Herpi-
dde completely cured me." GeOrge H. JMo
Whlrk of Walla Walla- 1 ,"? 1 Wash., says:
"Herpiclde completely cured me, of a bad
case of dandruff of. thirty ¦. years' stand-
ing." They took the only atally.' sensible
treatment, a remedy thatWdestroys the
dandruff g-erm — Newbro's Herpiclde. Stao
dandruff, hair won't *fall • out,, but will
grow naturally, luxuriantly: Allays Itch-
ing instantly and makes hair- glossy and
soft as silk. At drug-gists. 'One bottle will
convince any doubter of its merits.
' ; ,: That price ought to interestyou
—especially' if you need a suit or
overcoat. ,. To find that : the price illipi
has been feducedirom :$iovoo and Iliffi™
$:r^2^o; ought Tto hasten your buy- Iis|it?C
ing right away. : ;;e;;j. . jj|j m
We deliberately cut the suits VM ||!
and overcoats because business was %|i|
slow — we want to keep the store l| .
well filled— want to keep Ibusy— if|
you will help us at this price. Here 4||r
are the values: 4gsr J
Suits Overcoats Trousers
Sack' suits, comprising 1 chev- This is pretty good weather Worsted trousers in. swell
iot's and blue serges in fall and to be' talking about overcoats, patterns of checks and stripes,
summer weights; sizes from 34 and you will be interested, as union made > as is a11 the cloth-
. , . . , " „. , insr here mentioned, sizes from
to 40, and some extra sizes for you can- save $3.00 or so by & . ' .
, : J . . J 30 to 44 waist and up to
short stout people; former buying.now; coverts in tan, 36 length; goo d trousers for
prices $8.50, $10.00 and brown and olive, formerly. sold wear/with a coat and vest of
$12.50; each suit now re- for $10.00; now marked darker material; formerly sold
duced to - down to for $3.00; now
$6.65 $6.65 $1.85
Boys' Suits^-Money for Mothers
" A^||§S&w. If y° u have not bought the boy a suit at our Adler sale it's
llllglp^rf . high time that you do — -if you want a stylish suit for him at less
\^^^ \X than half what you usually pay. , *<??M
- vX^-*r J_j The Adler sample ¦ stock which we bought at 40c on the dol-
lar wholesale can be purchased by you at the same reduction— -»
M ff l^iWwl^TOilBrO \ ot No- x contains Lot. No. 2 comprises Lot No. 3 represents
MwE III \mm\ \Wwm\ suits wort^ $4-00 and .suits worth $5.50 and suits worth $7.00 and
Jllrtillil lKl(Pili\\ S ' 00 ' whi ° h wiI1 b ° S ° ld 6 ' 5 °' which wiI1 g ° 8 ' 5 °' which are marked
IHh|| " SS.95.; fOr $2.95 tOS $3.95
1 Pill' fwKlnl^iiL If y ° U afe nOt satisfied with the sui t— satisfied that the value
1 if II iplilP iTv is a11 we claIm xt t0 he ~" retlirn lt and £ et y° ur money back.- Ex-
.SM If Below are two lines of suits selected from our stock to meet
• -%-J 11! rffli la t^ ie nee^ s °^ mothers wishing to pay less than the above price*.
Yiiwilnf ' Vestee suits in striped, worsteds, Sailor suits in flannels and cheviots,
\\JmMr I llsfflf being swcH patterns that are neat and in neat patterns of stripes and plaids,
II I wW*l dressy, exceptional value^at ages 4 to 12 years, value $2.50, spe-
M if y. \ Hi ' '" ; "tJDijvO <u?| q^
"lif' 1 -'^ 1^ .. Children's wash suits,; 35c up. . •
feU I aH\ Children's tourist suits, ages 4 to Rough Rider suits, ages 3 to 10,
Ma 'ud l^ifil^*, Boys' Negligee Shirts, 50c up. Mother's Friend Shirt Waists, col-
*is^3S^E^a^' Boys' hats, all colors and shapes. Kirs attached or separate, 50c and
Box of fireworks free with every boy's suit up to July 4th.
whether you : need , i- V ?«^_ — _-_ V-r. • ing, furnishings or
,clothes," : hats 1 or -.fur- _; o ¦„. ¦'•••'¦,•¦¦¦ . - : U.j, ¦¦" ¦' . .--
nishings. - ,718 Market Street. hats.CHICAGO, June 2O.^It is generally re
ported to-night that Lady Schorr, one of'
the -most prominent, candidates for the
American. Derby and the only filly en
tered in the race for years given a chance
by the professionals, broke down to-day
in a trial at Hawthorne. The filly wag
known to be many pounds better than
Silverdale, winner of the St. Louis Derby
last Saturday, . and which was to have
been her stable companion in the big race
as the representatives of the Memphis
brewer, John F. Schorr. After working
the Derby route to-day in phenomenally
fast time,- 2:35%, Lady Schorr pulled up
lame and doubtless will 'be an absentee
from the post on Saturday. . .
_ Great secrecy is maintained around the
Schorr stables regarding the mishap to
the crack filly, and George Walker, the
trainer, disappeared immediately af t«r
the filly went lame. The whole complexion
of the race is changed with the Esher
filly out of it, and thousands of dollars
bet on her in the winter books are lost.
His Eminence, the champion colt of the
West and winner of the Kentucky Derby,
covered the Derby course to-day with his
weight up in 2:35 flat, and the trainers ex
pect the horse that beats him to get the
money. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mayor Harrison Announces
Betting Will Not Be
Prevented.
Will Not Be a Starter
in the American
Derby.
LADY SCHORR
BREAKS DOWN
JOHN LITLE. THE SANTA ANA
SLEEPER. WHOSE CONDITION
. PERPLEXES MEDICAL MEN.
Superintendent Fawcett Arranges At
tractive Boxing Programme at .
Reliance Club.
OAKLAND, June 20. — Superintendent
W. B. Fawcett of the Reliance Club has
arranged a programme for the monthly
boxing tournament which will take placa
Friday evening that has attracted more
than ordinary attention from the admir
ers of the ring sport. The chief event
will be a. return match between Georgo
Baker and Tom^Herman for five rounds.
Herman made a'" hard effort to get the
match, in -the hope of making a strong
showing against th>vlikely Baker, who
defeated him at their last meeting.-^
Jack Capeliss and Geo'rge* Cyjrrail are
on the card for a ten-round gw; and rheir
bout will ¦ be' preceded by a - six-irrt>o,d
event between Louis Long ' and Georg"»
Murphy. The first event will be callecN
promptly at 8:30 o'clock. Under the new
rules members of the club will be com
pelled to exhibit membership cards. The
usual admission fee will be charged to
outsiders.
• As usual, the Bay City Athletic Club did,
not live up to its promises last evening.
There were eight bouts scheduled, and of
this number but two of those advertised
td box put in an appearance, and much to
the disgust of the immense crowd that
filled the Mechanics* Pavilion Annex they
gave a fake exhibition. In a number of
instances Lieutenant Birdsall refused to
allow the boys to go for fear of a ring
fatality. The Bay City Club has been in
the habit of giving exhibitions of this
kind, : but deluded ring-goers continue to
buy the gold bricks. v '••-'¦.•
Tommy Dlxon, an untrained youth, was
put up against clever and hard-hitting:
Frank Neil. Jockey Bozeman was sched
uled to box Neil, but failed to materialize.
Dixon lasted three punches. There were
cries for Eddie Hanlon, the youth who
once took Neil's measure, and that lad
entered the ring, stripped for the fray.
Jim Nell ordered his son out of the ring
for fear he might lose to Hanlon.
"Jockey Bennett was scheduled to
fight Hanlon, but an untrained lad named
Burrows was substituted and Lieutenant
Birdsall refused to allow the lads to meet.
Henry Schilling proved a punching bag:
for Harry Foley. - Schilling was as game
as a pebble, but his seconds threw up the
towel when he was almost out in the
fourth.
Joe Angelo and Frank Pluso boxed four
fast rounds to a draw. \ .
Danny Danziger of the Olympic Club
narrowly escaped being knocked out by
Joe Howard." Danziger made the mistaka
of entering the contest, out of condition.
He was fat and had no force in his blows.
The Olympic Club boxer was far cleverer
than his rival and had things very mucn
his own way until the fourth round, when
Howard staggered him with a heavy
right on the jaw. Howard tried hard to
finish his man. but Danziger was game.
He clinched, took half the count and'then
managed to stay the limit. Howard was
justly given a decision.
Joe Nealon and Joe Murphy slapped
each other with open gloves, and the bout
was so ••brutal" that the club directors
and the police lieutenant stopped it in the
first round.
Tony Everett outclassed Jack McGinnU.
In the first round McGlnnis toed the
scratch chewing gum, and when knocked
down continued chewing. Everett made
him. swallow the gum in the third. Mc-
Oinnis stayed the limit, but was no match,
for his more youthful opponent. Everett
was awarded a decision.
Dave Barry and Ted Wolffe boxed four
rounds amid cries of "Fake!" and "Throw
them out!" - •
GEORGE BAKER WILL
MEET TOM HERMAN"
Untrained Youths Allowed
in the Ring by the
Management.
Bay City Athletic Club
• ? Presents a Poor
. Exhibition.
PUKE FIGHTERS
ROUWDLY HISSED
John Litle, a Kansas Man, Arrives in Santa #
Ana and Drops Into a Comatose Coftdi
. tion, Which Baffles the Medical Mf n
-?- ' •"' ! ' '"'" ¦ ' ¦ ;
SLUMBERS FOR WEEKS
AND PUZZLES DOCTORS
Hildebrand broke the record for getting
In from the field yesterday. He thoug-ht a
lady friend of his was in the grandstand.
Roy Evans will try and fool the Dudes
to-day. He has a new assortment of
shoots that he will pass over the plate to
them. .
Schwartz and Krug each got a hit in
yesterday's game. "Uncle Hank is begin
ning to think that the millennium is at
hand. - •
Whalen received a pleasing reception.
He was also photographed a number of
times.
Hodson made his appearance on the
coaching line yesterday and did fairly
well. He will soon rival Comedian John
son, as he has some Eastern wrinkles in
the line of coaching. .
"Shorty" Carroll went to Henry Harris
before the game and said he had heard
that Uncle Hank was looking for heavy
batters. "Shorty" laughingly offered his
services. Carroll Is on a strike. He used
to work for the Risdon Iron Works, but
he is now a man of leisure. Carroll was
the great backstop who handled Lorri
gan's delivery in the "old days."
Oil is being used on the field to keep the
dust down.; Some of the same article
should be used on a few fans," who roast
Umpire Tyler's decisions.
jj Defeat for the Dudes yesterday was a
'sore pill. Petey Lohman's colts dashed
out on the field at the opening of • the
game' with fire in their eyes, but it faded
affcer the Dutch began to bat.
Graham's throwing' to second Is unus
ually good.
Dr. Moskiman.or Mr. ; Hodspn will of
ficiate in the box for Oakland at to-day's
game. . . ' ... - , . . -.-. • ¦ ' .. : -. ¦¦ '
Notes of the Game.
Earned runs — Sacramento 3, Los Angeles 3.
Three-base hit— Kelly. Two-base hits—House
holder, Bowman. Stricklett, Devereaux, Me-'
Lauffhlln. Doyle. Sacrifice hits— Kelly, Dev
ereaux, Sheehan. First^ base on errors—Sacra
mento 4. First base on called balls — Off Jones
6. oft! Strlcklett 4. Left on bases — Sacramento
10, .¦ Los Angeles ¦ 4. Struck out— By. Jones 4.
Double plays— Spies to Kelly: Courtney to
Devereaux to Hanlon. Wild pitch— Jones.
Time of game — 1:55. Umpire — Graves.
SUMMARY.
McLaughlln. I. f... 6 1 1 o 1 0 0
Courtney. 2b 5 2 3 0 4 3 1
Poyle, r. f 6'1 4 0 1 1 0
McGucken. c. f..... 6 1 2 .0 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb. ....'..... 4 2 10 12 1 0
i^ n L ey ' C V •• 4 i 2 2-0 3 1 0
Sheehan. 3b... 4100 1 3 0
Stricklett, p. 4 , 3.20 11 0
Totals 42 14 17 '¦ 0 - 27 13 ~1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. '
Los Angeles : 1 200000 02—5
Base hits 1 20010 003—7
Sacramento 0 2 3 0 0 2 7 0 0—14
Base hits 2 2 2 10 3 5 0 2—17
NATIONAL LEAGUE. ' '.¦
PHILADELPHIA, June 20.— Two games were
played by St. Louis and Philadelphia to-day
and both were of the dragging sort. Eleven
innings were required to decide the first game,'
and St. Louis lost through SudhonTs wild
throwing". The visitors won the second game
by superior batting. Attendance, 3433. Score,
first game: ,
Clubs— _ R. H. E.'
St. Louis ;........'.. .'-6 ;• 9 4
Philadelphia , ..;.. 6 10 8
Batteries^Sudhoff and Nichols; Duggleby and
JlcFarland. Umpire— Emslle. < ¦ ' ¦ ' -
Second game: V '¦'•':'.'¦
Clubs— . , . R.' H. E.
St. Loulu ...'.......'....,'......: .4 • 9 2
Philadelphia < .10 ,5
- Batteries — Powell and Ityan; White and Mc-
Farland. Umpire — Emslle.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The score:
. Clubs—. • ' R. ,,H. £ ,E.
PHtsburg ... ..•..................'. .7 .10 1
New York .'..: 0 " S 7
, Batterles-^niesbro and O'Connor;
and Bowerman. Umpire— O' Day. ¦
i BROOKLYN." : June- 20.— The. score: v
' Clubs— ¦ .'• ' ; . ,r: '.h.^,\;E.'
Cincinnati .'......."..'. 1 10" 2
Brooklyn .'. ...;. '8 16 0
Batteries— Hahn • and*- Peltz; Donovan and
McGuire." Umpire — Dwyer. ' .
" -BOSTON.- June • 29.— Score, : first game :
1'Clubs— ;; .;• ¦., ¦:¦¦/¦; R, . H. E.
Boston ; .¦...'. . . 6 '. '"¦ 17 i
phlcago ......:.........;...;....-..,.. 5 -10 2
Batteries — Dineen and" Moore;" Waddell and
Kahoe. Umpire — Nash.
Second game:., • . . ¦-.., .,.. . ¦
¦Clubs— R. h. E.
Boston 2 V r 4 '* 0
Chicago 0'-.J--5.. -1
Batteries— Willis and Klttredge; Taylor and
Kling. Umpire— Nash.
Cleveland .....'. 6 '" 17 3
Philadelphia ..w ;.:... 4". '. 7..: 1
Batteries — Moore and 1 'Woods; .Bernhard and
Powers. ' - . .- - • . -
WASHINGTON,' June 20.— The score:-
Clabs— i ' '.' R.. H. E.
Washington ..'.' 8 ' "", 11 ,3
Detroit ..7 13 4
¦'. Batteries— Gear, Lee and Grady;' l Miller and
Shaw. , ;
. BALTIMORE. June 20.— The score:
Clubs— '': R, . H. • E.
Baltimore ...1..... ........... 7 11 2
.Milwaukee 2-7-3
Batteries— Nops and Robinson; : Sparks and
Connor. '
Boston ';«.. ...... 4 10 2
Chicago .'...' 3 8 3
. Batteries — Young and Schreck; Harvey and
'Sullivan.. - ... t . ¦
/ PUILA DELPHI A, June 20.— The score:
Clubs- \ R. H. E.
plac* , to-day by making it five" straight from
Chicago. Attendance, . 3782. Score:
Clubs— "* "'"" ' A •;_¦ •. ' h. H.'. B.
KIEL, June 20.— The Kiel regatta. opened
to-day ¦with fair weather, and a light wind.
Emperor William's sloop yacht Samoa II
was fourth in the contest for the City of
Kiel cup. Twenty yachts took part in the
races. Among these were ' the French
yacht Arcachon, the English yacht Cia
and the Danish yacht Navanna. .
j Regatta week in Kiel will be more in
teresting than if was in 1900, because the
Emperor of Germany will also attend the
racing. Ninety-four vessels are now pres
ent at Kiel for the < regatta and-twenty
two sailing clubs are represented. ',
The arrival of Mrs. Robert Goelet on her
yacht Nahma created a sensation, as the
Goelets were wholly .unexpected at Kiel.
Much interest was manifested ' when Mrs.
Goelet entered, her small -boat, the Mishe
Nahma, for the Emperor •¦William prize
contest, notwithstanding the fact that ac
cording to the governing rules it was too
late for such an entry.
EMPKROR. WILLIAM'S YACHT
MAKES POOR SHOWING
The challenger's sails are due to arrive
next Monday, and the yacht 'will take her
first spin under the new canvas Thursday.
GLASGOW, June 20.— The Shamrock II's
new mast was stepped to-day. The new
spar consists of a hollow steel pole 160
feet : long, built in a single piece from
step to ' truck. It is the first spar of its
kind ever made. The advantage is
claimed for the new mast that it saves
top weight and also presents a smaller
wind surface. It permits of dispensing
with gear for hoisting and lowering of the
topmast, .and it is believed that a single
spar can be braced more rigidly than a
spliced telescopic mast. The chief disad
vantage of the single piece pole lies in the
impossibility, of housing, the topmast dur
ing heavy weather. In I this respect it is
pointed out that this maneuver has been
resorted to but once in the history of the
cup races.- Sir Thomas Lipton and- Mr.
Watson were present when the mast was
Stepped. - - . . - ;
Said to Be; First Spar
of Its Kind Ever
Made.
CUP CHALLENGER
HAS NOVEL MAST
'.'The -wooden ;.name board of the. Rio. de
Janeiro I was :- picked \ up on • the . Presidio
beach yesterday and brought to*, town -by
the conductor of one of the Union street
carsv . <¦"¦:¦; ; J ;> ; . ,~ ¦¦ .' ¦,¦-" ¦--. " ¦¦ ¦
Name Board of the Rio.
!; KIEL, June; 20. — A' monument to Fred
erick William I, "the great elector," was
unveiled r to-day . in ¦ the Naval Academy
Park here with much ceremony and in the
presence of -the •Emperor 'and - Empress.
His Majesty ' made a- speech, summing up
the career, of the elector as:an example to
the present generation.:^' - - .
Gardiner took his men past the winning
post -to the . boathouse, doing :a mile ¦¦ In
about- four . minutes .¦ and thirty-five sec
onds. Two of the spare men rowed Coach
Ward about the. course. •
-The Pennsylvanlans' concluded their
second spln-.at.6:15 p.'m. in a heavy -rain.
The -comments', of .the .spectators ¦ were
friendly and favorable to the crew.
Monument to Frederick "William • I.
The Americans took a spin to the start
ing point this afternoon and back to their
quarters.' They covered the regular re
gatta course -in 7*4 minutes. The I men
were evidently a little bit out of practice
after their ten days' rest. They hit up
the stroke to thirty-eight, moving well
but somewhat unsteadily.: *•
HENLEY, England . • June 20.— The oars
men from the University of Pennsylvania
were up early this morning. They are all
delighted .with their* quarters at the Five
Horshoes Inn, a rustic hostelry, situated
in a. picturesque spot. A small crowd of
the inhabitants and several British oars
men watched the visitors and admired the
athletic appearance of the crew. : ¦". ;\ \
tice After,Their Ten. Days' Rest.
Pennsylvania Oarsmen Out for Prac-
AMERICANS TAKE TRIAL SPIIT
'. WASHINGTON, June 20.— Justice Brad
ley in the Court to-day denied
the application of Lone Wolf and other
Indians for an injunction against the
Secretary o_f the Interior to restrain him
from opening the Kiowa, Comanche and
Apache lands in Oklahoma to settlement.
Without going into' the facts of the case
the court held that the question- was
purely a political one, with which the
court had no power to deal.
Counsel for the Indians Immediately
gave notice of a special appeal to the
District Court of Appeals.- Now that the
case is decided it is believed that the
President in about ten days will issue his
proclamation opening to settlement the
Kiowa, Comanche, Apache and Wichita
lands.
Judge Bradley held that if the act of
Juife 6, 1900, is violative of the treaty of
1868 the remedy rests with Congress, not
the judiciary- He said that the right of
the Indians to the reservation is a pos
sessory one only; that the wrong, if any,
threatened *by - the execution of the act
of June 6, 1900, is a wrong to the tribe as
a tribe, and that no individual member
will suffer any injury which will not be
shared in common by the other members.
The decision declares that the suit can
not, be maintained by members of the
tribe as individuals.
Justice Bradley further holds that the
Indians are the pupils or wards of the
nation; that the. duty of providing' for
their maintenance, civilization and educa
tion and of providing and caring for them
rests upon the Federal Government, and
is committed to its legislative or political
branch. Ho holds that the ¦ question
whether three-fourths of the adult ; male
Indians signed the agreement, etc., was
presented to Congres; that the'ratifica
tion by Congress is necessarily a finding
that the agreement was assented to by
the requisite number of Indians, and that
there was ncf false or fraudulent repre
sentation or interpretation, and that this
decision by Congress is conclusive upon
the judicial tribunals. He further holds
that an act of Congress ana a treaty un
der the constitution of the United States
are upon an equal footing; that an act of
Congress will repeal a prior inconsistent
act of Congress; that the making and
enforcing of treaties are . under \ our con
stitution committed to the political branch
of the Government, and that the judicial
tribunals of the country are without
authority to enforce treaty stipulations
or to grant redress for wrongs inflicted
by their breach. • . ' '. -.>;•
Application of Indians
for an Injunction .
Denied.
REDRESS RESTS
WITH CONGRESS
SANTA ANA, June 20.— The case of
a man who has slept almost con
.tinuously for . three weeks and
gives no indication of awakening
very soon is at present interesting
local physicians. The name of this mod
ern Rip Van Winkle is John S. Litle, and
he has but recently come to Santa Ana
with his family from Hiawatha, Kans.
The only interruptions of the man's long
siesta have been when medical attendants
demanded that he be awakened, and at
those times he has seemed perfectly ra-
!f GLENCOVE, L». I. . June 20.— The second
round of match play for the women's
metropolitan golf championship wag pro
ductive of some very clever golf to-day.
The weather conditions " were - excellent.
The present champion,; Miss Genevieve
Hecker • of Essex ¦ County, defeated Miss
Gertrude Travers of : the local club by .-7
up and '5 to play. ! ¦
MI.ss Ruth Underbill of; Nassau beat
Mrs. G.' Collingwood of/ Powellton ~ by ; 1
up . on the home green. Miss C. G. Wil
lis ¦ of Morris ; County beat Miss Marion
Oliver of Baltusrol 1 up after playing 19
holes. • -
-Mrs. H. B. Ashmore of Baltusrol beat
Miss G. Robinson ofAVeburn by 1 up.
4 In the semi-final round to-morrow Miss
Hecker will play Mrs. Ashmore and Miss
Underhill will meet Miss Willis. . : ¦ •?.¦•
pionship Tournament.
Second Round of the Women's Cham-
ON THE GLENCOVE LINKS.
Duke of ¦ Westminster won the new
stakes," for two-year-olds, five furlongs
and 140 yards. Game Chicken (L. Relff)
was second and' The Fledgling colt (J.
Martin) was third.
Foxhall Keene's Olympian (Henry) won
the New Biennial stakes for two and
three year olds, : five furlongs and 140
yards:. ; ¦ ¦• ¦ . ••;¦..¦•-.- ,*,.>; -
>' Edward Edward's Santoi won the gold
cup.- W.C. Whitney's Kilmarnock II (L.
Reiff) was second and TV R, De war's For
farshire (Maher) third. The value of the
gold cup is £1000, with £3000 added in spe
cie, to which is added a sweepstakes of
£20 each, out of which the second horse
receives £700 and .the l third horse £300.
LONDON, June 20.— The race for the
Rouse Memorial stakes, £10 each, with
£1000 added, at Ascot to-day, resulted in
a dead heat between Sonatura and Lord
Bobs. The stakes were divided. Cynical
finished third. Six horses ran. '
New Biennial Stakes.
Foxhall Keene's Colt Captures the
OLYMPIAN WINS AT ASCOT.
Five and a "naif furlonss — R. Q. Ban won.
Foul Play second. Nullah third. Time, 1:OSW..
One mile, hurdles — Joe Bell won. Our Climate
second, Torsion third. Time, 1 :54%.
Seven furlongs— St. Germain won, July Gyp
eecond, McAlbert third. Time, 1:31%.
Six furlongs— Chlorad won, Regalon second,
Stromo third. Time, 1:15%.
Trotting— Vendora won second, third and
fourth heats and r race. Best time, 2:18%. Dudle
Egmont took first heat in 2:21V4- Ed,\Vlns,h!p
also started.
Pacing— Arlene won sc-nr.d, third and fourth
heats and race. Best time, 2:lWt- Irvln C.
took first heat. \Tlmc, 2:21%. Eva Victor, Dol
phin and Irene also started. -
DENVER, June 20.— Results at Overland
In the run-off Basseverine won. Time, 1:21V6.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Woodtrice
won. Obstinate Simon second. Free Lance
third. Time, 2:15. . . . "
Four and a half furlongs— Ben Howard won,
Easter Boy second, Newton W. third. Time,
:58%.
Six furlongs — Tenderloin and Besseverlne ran
dead heat, the Boer third. Time, 1:19..
Six furlongs, selllncr— Times Star won, Frank
Fellows second, BetticB. third. Time. 1:15%.
One mile, selling— Outburst won. Baffled sec
ond.Nekarnls third. Time, 1:41%. ,
DETROIT, June 20.— Highland Park sum
mary:
Six furlongs— The Loafer won, Remsen sec
ond, Lillie Hamerton third. Time, 1:20.
Five furlongs— Botina won, Tom Crabb sec
ond, Inso third. Time. l:06Vi. ¦;'••
One mile, handicap — Callear won, J. H. Sloan
second, Glenwood third. Time, 1:46.
Seven furlongs, selling— Pretty Rosle won,
Nannie J. second. Phosphorus third. Time,
1:2S%. i...
One mile and a sixteenth — Birdie May won,
Dr. Fannie second, Isaac third. Time, 1:48.
Five furlongs, selling— Rose of Red won, De
benture second, Annie A. B. third. Time, 1:03.
¦ Five furlongs — Ereraa won. Lilly Pantland
second. Unsightly third. Time, 1:00%.
CINCINNATI, June 20.— Newport summary
Seven furlongs, selling — General MacGruder
¦won. Fred HeBslg second. Percy B. third. Time,
1:26%.
One mile and three-sixteenths, Belling--I.ee
Bruno, won. Miss Patron second, Satin Coat
third. Time, 2:C0. '
One mile and seventy, yards, purse — Rueh
fields won, Sktllman second, Chappaque third.
Time,- 1:44. • . {
ST. LOUIS, June 20.— Fair Grounds summary
Six furlongs, purse— Accolade won, Frank
Pearce second. Doctor Knowlin third. Time,
1:15. j
Five furlortgs. purse— Terra Flrma won. Royal
Athlete second, Phonollt. third. Time, 1:02.
One mile, purse— Varrb won, South Breeze
second, .Propeller third. Time, 1:40. "•.'
Mile and a sixteenth, on turf— All Green won,
The Musketeer second. Double Dummy third.
Time, 1:47.
at Sheepshead Bay.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Sheepshead Bay Fum
mary:
Six furlongs, selllnsr— Pleasant Sail won. Mai
den second, Tin^e third. Time, 1:14.
Five furlor.gs— White Oak won, Musldora sec
ond,'. Stephen Ward third. Time, 1:01%. .
One mile' and three-sixteenths — Ten Candles
won. Maid of Harlem second. Time, 2:00 3-5.
Only two starters: '.
. The Swift Etakes, ' seven furlongs— Water Color
won, Gold 'Heel second. The Puritan third.
Time, 1:25 3-5.' : ' .
Five furlongs, selling — Dark Secret won.
Prophetic second. Wild . Oats third. Time,
1:01 1-5.
Water Color Takes the Swift Stakes
WINNERS OF THE RACES.
Brutal will probably start it the track
Is fast.
The explanation of, this remarkable case
is that the sleeper is suffering from some
obstruction of the bile ducts which has
permitted the absorption of bile by the
blood. The secretion has probably under
gone changes which have brought about
a form of blood poisoning. This poison
so acts upon the sleep-producing centers
that a more or less profound slumber is
the result. • •
tional. He complains, however, that he
is not allowed to sleep and objects to be
ing disturbed. He does not remember
having been awakened previously and has
no realization of the flight of time, think
ing he has only been asleep over night.
The only nourishment given the patient
is toast and milk, and this he swallows
in his sleep when it has been placed in
his- mouth by the attendant. His weight
has fallen off only about ten pounds,
however, on this meager diet, and Litle
is still a very large man. In ordinary
health his weight Is over 250 pounds and
he is six feet in height. Before his.pres
ent illness he. tipped the scales at 233
pounds. He is 62 years of age, but does
not appear to be over 50. A healthy out
door • life on a farm largely accounts for
his splendid physique.
BOSTON TAKES FIRST .PLACE.'
BOSTON, June 20.— Boston went into first
Clarkson was much more effective than
Cook at critical periods, especially In the
last two innings, when Yale seemed to
have fathomed his pitching and had two
men on bases. In the eighth, after two
men had scored, he struck out two others.
I The best and fiercest hitting of the day
was by" Frantz, the Harvard first-base
man, who banged out a triple, a home run
and a single; •-. Wendell also made three
hits, "one of which scored Clarkson. Score:
Clubs— . - ¦ ¦ R..H.E.;
Harvard 3 0 10 0 3 0 0 1—7 • 11 1
yaje 0 0 10 JKO 0 2 0—3 7 3
Batteries— Clarkson and 'Reid; Cook and
Earned runs— Harvard 6, Yale' 2, Home runs
Frantz. Stillman, Robertson, Winslow. Three
base hits— Frantz. Stillman, Clarkson. First
base on called balls— On* Clarkson 1, off Cook 1.
Ktruck out— By Clarkson 8, by Cook 7. . Um
pire—Snyder; _¦ - \,
The crowd was enthusiastic and mu
sical; -the little Yale cluster behind third
base bringing out a larper repertoire of
college songs than some 2000 Harvard stu
dents massed on the opposite side of the
Behind the home plate in the grand
stand, brilliant in color, the best girls,
.chaperons and graduates cheered wildly
and joined In singing.- It was a typical
college game.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 20.— More
- than 6000 Harvard supporters on Soldiers"
.field this afternoon cheered the seven
champions of the crimson around the four
bags, while about 1000 equally loyal ad
herents of Yale only succeeded in urging
three wearers of the blue across the home
plate. The seven runs were due primarily
to the ability of Ftantz, Stillman- and
Wendel to hit. but Cooke, the Yale
pitcher, puzzled nearly all the rest of the
crimson players. On the other hand,
Clarkson for Harvard was even more suc
cessful in mystifying the Yale men, with
the exception of Waddell, Winslow and
' Robertson, and, being backed up in the
' Held with almost perfect fielding, kept
his head to the last. The game ended with
two Yale men on bases.
Harvard Team Defeats
the Ball Players
of Yale.
MEN IN CRIMSON
WIN THE GAME
The local players sacrificed time and
again, and it was due to this clever work
that they scored many tallies. Umpire
Tyler made one unpopular decision. He
called a safe hit inside the third bagr a
foul and thereby cut off an Oakland run.
His decision was somewhat excusable, as
the umpire was standing behind . the
The, Athenians played a good fielding
game, but ran bases like a crowd of
school boys chased by a policeman. Many
Dudes were caught posing, and three or
four were riveted between bases. "Truck"
Eagan- was weak with the stick, but when
he tears loose he will surely shatter the
atmosphere. Francks and Drennan played
a good game. The short stop accepted
seven without a miss, and Drennan cap
tured a high one with a back hand reach.!
James Whalen, who Is lovingly" called
"Chimmy der Whale" by his youthful ad
mirers, forgot the "Charley-horse" in his
ankle and toed the slab for the local nine.
Jeems was given a jovial reception by
the fans and he modestly accepted the
plaudits, j Whalen's "gigs" were a trifle
off color, and he frequently missed the
rubber with his shoots. Nevertheless he
held the Beaux down to three hits up to
the seventh, and then slackened up, as
;hls:arm was a bit stiff after his long rest.
.Whaien's record for the game was seven
walks, one man hit by him. three strike
outs and five hits off his delivery.
It was a bad day for Mr. Babbitt, who
is known to the fans as "Rabbitt" Bab-,
bitt pitched a conscientious game for the'
Dudes, but the Dutch were onto his curves
and they pounded him for eleven safe
o»es. "¦•
gregation. Every German who
strode .to the plate in yesterday's game
saw h!s Job In the balance and he
slammed the ball around the lot with a
vengeance. Nordyke seemed to be more
in earnest than his team mates, as he
opened up by hitting the housetops for a
run around the bases. He followed this
with a three . base bump . and closed an
honorable record with a two base crack.
.Every one of these hits was In a different
corner of the lot.' r . .
MANAGER HARRIS' threat to
get a new bunch of players who
can hit the ball has had a won
derful effect on the Dutch ag-
San Francisco 9, Oakland 3.
. LOS ANGELES, June r 20.— Jones lost
control of the ball and his temper to-day.
In the seventh he gave a bad exhibition
of quitting. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. rf 3 0 0 0 10 0
Reitz. 2b. .......:.. 4 0 10 2 5 1
Householder, cf 4 1 1 0 2 11
Soies ¦ c .¦ 4 0 0 0 3 -2 0
Hutchlnson, lb 2 .10 0 13 . 0 1
Rellly, 3b 4 2 2 0 11-0
Kelly, s. s.... 3 1 1 0 . ' 2 - 3 1
Bbwman, 1. f...:... 4 0 2 0' 2 10
Jones, p 3 0 0 0 0.4 1
' Totals ..". .31 5 7 0 *26 ". 17 5
• 'McLaughlin out; bunted. third strike, -
SACRAMENTO.
AB.. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux,' s. s 3 1 2 0 2.3 0
Sacramento Gets the Game.
¦ Runs responsible for— Whalen .3,.; Babbitt .7.
Home run — Nordyke. Three-base hits — Pabst,
Nordrke, Krug. Two-base hits — Nordyke. Hll
debrand. Sacrifice hits— Krug, Francks, Hil
debrand, Graham. Pabst. First base on er
rors—Oakland 1, San Francisco 2. First base
on called balls— Oakland 7, San Francisco 2.
Left on bases — Oakland 8, San Francisco 7.
Struck out — By Whalen 3. Hit by pitcher —
Graham.- Pabst. Lohman. Double play — Nor
dyke to Schwartz. Time of game — 1:45. Um
pire—Tyler. Official scorer— McFarlane.
SUMMARY.
Totals 25 9 11 2 27 16-2
." ¦* RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS;
Oakland ...... 0 10 0 00 0 2—3
Base hits 1 1 000 0 1 2—' 5
San Francisco 0 2 1 3 0 0 3 0—9
Base hits 0 2 13 0 0 4 1—11
pitcher when the short, sharp- hit was
made. It looked, a foul to him, and he
called it such, and was roundly hooted by
Oakland sympathizers. Mr. Croll of Ala
meda lost $5 for doubting Tyler's word.
The rest of the players kept mum. Fol
lowing is the score:
Oakland!
ab. r. bh. sb. po. a. e.
Dunleavy, If 5 0 2 0 2 <V 0
Drennan. cf. 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Stretb, rf. 3 0 0 0 0-0.0"
Eapan. lb 4 0 0 0 15 0 0
Arrellanes. 2b 3 1 1 1 0 4 2
Francks. ss 3 0 1» ,1 2 5 0
Moore. 3b 3 0 0.0 1 6 0
Lohman. c. 2.110 2 0 0
Babbitt, p 2 10 0 3 2 0
Totals ,.: .29 35 2 27 18 2
¦ SAN FRAXCISCO. i"
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. cf. ...'...:%..; 4 000. .0 10
Hildebrand, If. .... 4 1 3 0 1 0 .0
Schwartz. 2b 5 2 1 ' 0 3 3 0
Pabst. lb 3 1 2 1 9 2 0
KruE, ss. 4 1 1 0 3 40
Xordy-ke. rf 5 2.3.1 4 1 0.
ReiUy, 3b 5 110 2 1 1
Graham, c 2 0 0 0 5 10
Whalen. p .3 10 0 0 3 1
Lord Pauncefote Takes His Seat.
LONDON, June 20.— Lord Pauncefote.
the British Embassador,' to ,the United
States, took the necessary 'oath and his
seat in the House of Lords to-day, for the
first I time ' during the ; present Parliament.
Citizens of Glencoe Threaten to Use
Force Against Colored Laborers
in Railroad; Employ.
GUTHRIE, Ok., June 20,-Deputy United
States Marshal Sisson was called to Glen
coe, on the Eastern Oklahoma" Rallroa*
this afternoon relative to a race war that
is imminent at that place. The United
States Marshals were notified this morn
ing by the Santa' Fe authorities that the
citizens of Glencoe- had threatened to use
force to run out a; gang of forty colored
men employed to raise the grade at that
pointy The citizens of Glencoe have an
urbroken rule that allows no colored man
to visit or live in that village. -
HACE WAR IMMINENT
IN EASTERN OKLAHOMA
the Union Iron "Works in San Francisco
that an immense plant for making: struc
tural iron and steel, besides any other
steel products, will soon be built on Puget
Sound. Its location is not yet decided and
depends somewhat on the nearness of iron
ore beds, which must form the basis of
the new industry.
Prescott is not identified with the new
enterprise personally, but has come north
to transfer to the Pacific Steel Company
the plant of Uhe Puget Sound Iron Works
at Irondale, near Port Townpend. Pres
cott is president of this concern and al
though the plant is a small one it turned
out over 20,000 tons of car wheel iron dur
ing the few years that the company oper
ated it during the , early nineties. The
plant has been purchased by Homer H
Swaney and associates of McKeesport!
Penn., .who have incorporated. the Pacific
Steel Company to operate both the. pres
ent Irondale plant and the new steel plant
which Prescott says Is to be built
Announcement Hade That an Estab
lishment "Will Be Located Near
¦ '*• Puget Sound.
TACOMA, "Wash., June 20.—Announce
ment is made by George "W. Prescott of
GREAT STEEL PLANT
FOB. THE NORTHWEST
NEW YORK, June 20.— The case of
Thomas C. Barker, charged with the
shooting of the Rev. John Keller at Ar
lington, N. J., last February, will go to
the" jury in Jersey City to-morrow about
JT o'clock. A verdict may be expected be
fore night.
Before court adjourned this evening the
evidence was all in, and nothing now re
mains but the arguments of counsel and
the Judge's charge. To-day Mr. Keller
was once more upon the stand. He
seemed to have been aroused for the time
being from the lethargic state which
marked his conduct and action when he
testified on direct examination. Then he
spoke in a low, tired voice. To-day his
denials of the allegations of Mr. and
Mrs. Barker were spoken in a loud. 'firm
tone, and when asked if the alleged out
rage was the reason for- Mrs. Barker
leaving the church he shouted out the
"no" so that it rang through- the court
room and corridors. His denials gener
ally were strong, positive and absolute.
When on the stand before Keller showed
no spirit, but to-day as he denied the
truth of the statements of the Barkers
he was more like the Keller -of a year
ago, his friends said, than he has been at
any time since the shooting.
It was a hard day for Mrs. Barker, for
neighbor after neighbor went on the stand
and swore that her reputation for truth
and veracity was bad.
The battle of the insanity experts was
the third feature of the day.
DENIES CHARGES
OF THE BARKERS
Rev. John Keller Again
on the Witness
Stand.
THE SAN FR^Cli^
Whalen Returns to the Game, and, Although a Trifle Wild, Holds
the Dudes Down to but Five Safe Hits— Nordyke Is in Good
Form and Sends the Ball to Every Corner of the Big Field
HEAV¥ BATTING GIVES THE GERMANS
A VICTOR OVER THE OAKLA ND ; NINE
Fears of interruption of the "Washington
Park meeting from reformers and other
troublesome elements which managed to
close the sport at Harlem were dissipated
to-night when Mayor Harrison announced
there would be no attempt by the city
officials to interfere with the Derby.
The field which will probably go to the
post, with the betting, weights and jock
eys, follows:' ---"•-, ;.
4
PITCHER OF THE SAN AGGREGATION OF BASEBALL PLAT
ERS WHO. AFTER NURSING A SPRAINED ANKLE FOR TWO MONTHS
REAPPEARED YESTERDAY.
Bet-
ting.
HORSE.
TVt.
Jockey.
5 to 2
~.Z to 1
3 to 1
6 tol
8 to 1
8 to 1
10 to 1
10 to 1
12 to 1
25 tol
SO tol
Bonnibert
The Parader
His Eminence....
Beau Gallant
Silverdale..
Terminus
Robert "Waddell;.
Sadie S .......
Sannazarro.......
Six Shooter
Alfonso
127
127
127
122
127
122
119
117
122
122
122
Nash Turner
Plsgott
Odom
Spencer
Wlnkfleld
Coburn
See
McGinn
Boland
Knight
Shields ¦
Bet-
ting.
HORSE.
TVt.
Jockey.
5 to 2
~.Z to 1
3 to 1
6 tol
8 to 1
8 to 1
10 to 1
10 to 1
12 to 1
25 tol
SO tol
Bonnibert
The Parader
His Eminence....
Beau Gallant
Silverdale..
Terminus
Robert "Waddell;.
Sadie S .......
Sannazarro.......
Six Shooter
Alfonso
127
127
127
122
127
122
119
117
122
122
122
Nash Turner
Plsgott
Odom
Spencer
Wlnkfleld
Coburn
See
McGinn
Boland
Knight
Shields ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
beer is the beer of civiliza- Pv/
tion. Go to any part of the End
earth where mankind values E&j
purity, and you will find Wjj£
Schlitz beer is the recognized lliTa
pure beer. tYJ
For fifty years the Schlitz ||i
agencies have followed
white men's conquests. • W\9
They are twenty years old Rj
in South Africa. Ep3
Schlitz beer was famous in En^I
Siberia before a railroad was Ep|
When Japan and China N|j
first began to awake, Schlitz g&fl
beer was advertised in their §p|
newspapers. tt)jj
Almost as soon as Dewey Lm
captured Manila 216 car- 8^
loads of Schlitz were sent |||a
there. Rrj|
Today Schlitz agencies so yj
dot the globe that when it is Wtt
midnight at one it is noon- |jj|j
day at another.
The quality by which K
Schlitz beer has won distinc- |$$
tion has been its absolute s||g
purity. Every physician the fr?
world over will recommend yj
Schlitz, the beer that made B*
Milwaukee famous. - p(*
'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- £*£*
wood,212MarketSt.,SanFrancisco fiv^
The Beer of
Civilization
Oppression. Suffocatioa, Nenralgia.etc., cured bj
ESPiC'S CIGARETTES . 0 r POWDER
Paris, j. BSPIC ; New York, E. FOUQERA * CO.
-. ,, S0U> BV ALL DRUGGIST*FRIDAY, JUNE 21.
Sun rises ""**•* 4-47
Sun xets . 7:33
Moon sets I"!l'.i6':55"p*.' m.
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early. morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day ln the order of occurrence as to time of
d f y /v th % third ttmo column Rives the Jast tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides as Bometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference ia
the mean of the lower low waters. . *
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
An '• Insolvent • Laborer.
¦ Jacob Dixon," a laborer , . residing In Gll
roy,' filed a petition ¦ In ; Insolvency yester
day ln the ' United States District i Court.'
He owes $1284 71 and has no assets.
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrographic ¦ Office, U. S. -N.,\ Mer
chants' Exchange, . San Francisco. ¦' Cal.
June 20,. 1901. - ¦ .¦ - ¦ \. . • '
The time ball. on. the tower of the new. Ferry
building. was dropped at exactly. noon to-day—
l.ve... at noon .of the? 120th -meridian, or. at: 8
o'clock . p. m., Greenwich : time. ¦ " «-.- ¦'.
' . J. C.- BURNETT,"". -
Lieutenant, U. S. N., retired, in , chargt.
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe.
The Santa Fe Is now \ carrying, passen
gers via - new; stage ;* line from;.- Merced.
Starting Mondays and Thursdays," 9 a. m.V
on .California limited,' other f . days 1 7:20
a. m: train, and you are at the Sentinel Ho
,tel next' afternoon, passing Merced . Big
Trees* Buena.»Vista.: the. Cascades and
Bridal Veil Falls en route. -, . .
Ask about it at 641 Market street. 1 *
Transport : Qhio Arrives.
The transport Ohio came into , port last
night shortly after; midnight.:; She has on
board twenty-nine officers and 749 enlisted
men of the . Forty-second ; Infantry. ¦ The
Ohio left Manila May 29 and made a quick
trip. , , . '¦¦ :
John Ashman Is Discharged.
The preliminary examination" of John
Ashman, .financial \ secretary v o f ; the
Longshoremen's Protective -s Association,
charged with embezzling funds of the as
sociation, r was ¦ held l before Judge Fritz
yesterday and the j case was dismissed on
the ground, that there was no evidence to
prove the alleged embezzlement. The
treasurer," Frank Green,, has disappeared,
and without him nothing. can be done. to
prove the charge. , Green is supposed " to
have fled to; Seattle.. . *
Dr. , Henry Welch Arrested.
Dr. Henry^ Welch, at one time a division
surgeon of- the Southern Pacific Company,
was arrested last- night and booked at the
City Hall 1 station on charges of disturb
ing the . peace ' and drunkenness. Dr.
Welch resides -at the Hotel St. NIcTiolas.
Last night, according to the proprietor's
statement, he got drunk and used vulgar
language/ in the presence of the guests.
Policeman. Woltlng, who was ln the. hotel
at the time,' tried ln vain to quiet 'the doc
tor > and finally- placed him ' under arrest.'
After ¦ a short stay behind the bars Dr.
Welch was bailed out by friends.
Gasoline Schooner Sunk.
The little gasoline schooner Dot, owned
by M. A. Tucker, was cut in two by the
river steamer T. C. Walker yesterday.
The ' Dot was lying- at the Clay-street
bulkhead and the Walker was coming to
her dock at the Washington-street wharf.'
A number of boats were in the slip. and
the river steamer had to come in with a
good headway in order to clear them. Be
fore the engines could be ' reversed she
had crashed into the gasoline r boat C and
cut her to the water's edge. The Dot
sank at her; moorings, but will be raised
to-day and repaired.
Moving the Cardiganshire.
'.The British ship Cardiganshire gave vis
itors to the water front a scare yesterday.
She was away down by the head and her
stern towering out of the water' made her
look as though she might capsize at any
minute. Quite a number of people fol
lowed her along the front, thinking that
any minute an accident might occur.*
The Cardiganshire brought a cargo of
coal here from Australia and went to the
sugar refinery to discharge. All ' the coal
aft was -taken out, and when .the Relief
took hold of her yesterday morning she
looked like a vessel that was going down
bow foremost. The tug moved her.with
out any trouble.' however, and by to-night
the Cardiganshire will be on an even keel
again. r
' Assessor Dodge officially ¦¦ informed
Mayor, Phelah yesterday that the assess
ment roll so fav as completed would ag
gregate $405,000,000 for the next fiscal year.
This will insure the appropriations based
on an increase over $400,000,000 ln the tax
budget, which is now in the hands of the
Mayor. The" appropriations include $12,000
to pay interest on teachers' back claims.
$10,000, to repave Post street, $5000 for an
emergency hospital in the park and other
minor «items. '. . . -
Assessor Dodge says that the losses on
assessments aggregate $12,000,000, but they
,wlll be made up by adding ! newly dlcov
ered personal property. to the roll and by
increased valuation of real : estate in cer
tain favored business localities that have
shown marked advance In values during
the last year.-
The losses include $1,500,000 on church
exemption, $3,f»00,000 in large estates that
have been distributed, $6,000,000 on old,
dwelllng-house3 upon which nothing has
been- allowed tor depreciation In twenty
years, $1,000,000 because of the Sunset Tel
ephone Company moving ¦ its . office ' to
Martinez and transferring its tangible
property" to an Oregon corporation and
$350,000 lost by the California- Powder
Company moving to Contra Costa County.
An - assessment of $900,000 on the local
telephone ,' company I is doubtful,, as ¦. it
claims that as; it is a foreign corporation
it should not pay a franchise tax, as other
quasi-public corporations do.
• Additions to the roll comprise $3,000,000
on bonds which have heretofore escaped
taxaton.. One estate never taxed before
gives $30,000 to the city. Last year a sim
ilar item of $3,000,000 was discovered which
had been kept in the' probate office for
twelve years. The telephone corporation
and the powder company, are the only
two; that have moved, showing that all
the other concerns are satisfied to pay a
franchise tax. . ' . - : • ¦
• The. California Fruit . Canners' Associa
tion, v/hich has persistently opposed the
exaction of the franchise tax,, paid $3250
to the Assessor yesterday on'a,franchlse
assessment o'f . $200,000. ; . ' -'.:.¦
MAKES REPORT
ON ASSESSMENT
Assessor Notifies Mayor
Roll Will Reach
' $405,000,000. .
PERMANENT CERTIFICATES '.
ABE RECOMMENDED
City Board of Examination Submits
List of Names for Cre
!.' dentials.
The City Board of Examination yester
day recommended the granting of the fol
lowing certificates by the Board of Edu
cation: , , . .
'Renewal of ' High School " certificate— Walter
N. Bush. - • .
Renewal of grammar grade certificate— Misses
Anna Onyon, E. R. Manning, M. C. Robinson,
C. A.-Davles, Lizzie Welch", A. E. Bryant, H.
V. Brennan and A. B. McBovle.
Life diplomas of the grammar grade — Misses
Nettie Theisen and Isabel Wolf.
- Permanent High School certificate— Mrs. S.
W. McPherson. , . .
Renewal of grammar grade certificates— Misses
A. Hlrstel, Dr. M. J. Mahoney. Miss Abbie Mc-
Laughlln,' Miss Madge Sprott, Mrs. Ernestine
J Cromwell, Mrs. A. S. SprecKels, Mist Rose
McGeough, Miss Rose Scheier, Miss Sophia
Kraus, Miss Susie H." Earle, Mrs. Florence
Backman, Miss Lillie-Kate Piper, Mrs. Re
becca Levy (nee Alexander), Mrs. M. E. . Mc-
Kown. Miss E. R. Elder, Miss I. E. Clark, Miss
I. E. Shaw, Mrs. Minna Simon, Miss Margaret
A. Smith.- Miss Mamie E. Henley, W. A. Leg
gett. Miss Katherlne C. Fay, Miss Manuela G.
Salcido, Miss L. R. Cullen, Miss . Mary T.
Walsh. Mrs. Lena M. Dunand ' (formerly Mrs.
L. M. Meyers), Miss P. M. Nolan. Miss Mary A.
Smith, Mrs. Eily Mahoney Grosjean, Miss W.
L. Tarpy. Mrs. Kate M. Hare, Miss M. J.
Smith, Miss Melanie M. Brooks and Miss Helen
B. Fairweather. * - .
Permanent primary certificates— Miss M. K.
Gavlgan, Mrs. S. S. ( Wigand and Miss 'Nora
Dwyer. ...
Special . certificates— Spanish ¦ of the High
School grade. Miss Manuela G. Salcido; stenog
raphy of the High School grade. Miss Dora
Kozmlnsky. ¦ .
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters . at Fort Point, . entrance to San
Francisco , Bay. Published by official au
. thority of the Superintendent.
..NOTE— The^, high tand , low,, waters occur j at
the. city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK— Sailed 'June 20-Stmr Krosser
Kurfurst, from Bremen, via Cherbourg: stmr
Auguste Victoria, from Hamburg, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg; • stmr L'Aqultaine, for
Havre.
ROTTERDAM— Bailed June 20-Stmr Staten
dam, for Boulogne and New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 20— Stmr Common
wealth, for Queenstown and Boston
LONDON— Sailed June 20— Stmr Marquette,
for New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 20-Stmr Indra
velll. from Hongkong, for Portland. Or. *
ANTWERP— Sailed June 20— Stmr Northman,
for Chicaeo. ¦ -
QUENSTOWN— Sailed June 20— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York. <
GLASGOW— Sailed June ' 20-Stmr Corean,
for Philadelphia, via St John..
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Liebeth, from* Newcastle. England; Dan bark
Habila.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 19— Br stmr Indra
velll. for Portland, Or.
FALMOUTH— Arrived off June 20— Br bark
Muskoko, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 20-Br ship Queen
Margaret, from Taeoma. - ¦ •
VALPARAISO— Sailed Jane 17— Br ship Cel
tic Monarch, for San Francisco. : ,
p»«1«=:3HE Oceanic Steamship Company's '
j I Sonoma sailed for Sydney via
I Honolulu, Pago Pago and Auck
\X land yesterday mornlngr. Since
her arrival on May 31 her ma
chinery has been put ln good working
order, and the steamship will arrive ln
Sydney on time. The following named
went away in the first cabin:
Honolulu—L. Abrams. W. T. Bacon, Mrs.
Bacon. Dr. T. E. Bailey. W. D. Baldwin.' M.
Q. Beckwlth. Miss F. B. Boughner. F. Craw
ford. E. Crivelll, D. Dorward, Miss Veronica
Duffley. J. A. Fenger, Miss E. Gallagher. Miss
J. Gallarher. W. S. Gillette, Mrs. W. D. Gd
lette. Miss Gellette, Miss L. C. Green, L.
M. Hartley. Mrs. Hartley. P. Hartley. Miss
Hartley. L. L. Hoffman. B- R. Johnston. Mrs.
Johnston. Mrs. A. Kennedy. Mrs. C. C. Ken
nedy Bruce Kennedy, R. Kennedy, M. Koch
man. Rev. M. & Levy. D. C. Little. H. Mc-
Kechnie, E. E. McKenzie, Mrs. McKenile and
child. Mrs. A- McKlllop. C. F. Murray. Thomas
O'Brien, Mrs. F. A. Perry. K. B. Porter. Mies
L. M. Rankin, H. Rice. Miss S. Riegelhuth,
Mrs. A. Roberts and child, H. Rohrlg. P.
Schneider. H. H. ScorlM, S. I. Shaw, Clement
G. Smith. J. Spitx. H. Struck, Mrs. J. P. Tor- .
mey. J. E. Trlest, John Waterhouse. Mrs.
"Waterhouse. H. D. YTiehard, Mrs. Wlshard,
Master Wishard. C. TVrathall.
Auckland—Dean D. P. Carew, Miss E. Cowan.
Archdeacon Devoy. H. Clifford Eddy, Mrs.
Eddy. J. A- Oilruth. Hon. Charles Loulsson,
l>r. R. H. Mais-ill. H. P. Norton.
Sydney—L. A. Adamson/ H. Bailey Jr.. Cap
tain Barneson. L. Barneson, Lionel Barneson..
C. H. Birdsall. Mrs. Blrdsall. R. S. Bosher,.
Sirs. Bosher. P. S. Boeher. R. S. Bosher Jr.,
S. H. Bosher. Miss E. G. Bosher. Miss E. M.
Boeher, Miss M. J. Coulter. Mrs. L. J. Davis.
II. C. Eddy Mrs. Eddy and infant. Henry
Fisher. Mrs. Fisher and child. John Forsyth.
F. Gheen, A. Gorman. F. K. Howe. S. A.
Josephson Mrs. Josephson, A. E. Kempthorne.
E. Moore, H. Moore, Mrs. H. E. Moore. John
Reed J. G. Rial. Mrs. Rial, A. Shornam. F.
K Smock, W. Swinburne, Miss J. Swinburne,
J. Toder, Mrs. Toder, J. 'Wllmot, Mrs. Wilmot
The second cabin passengers were:
Honolulu—F. Bender. D. J. Coakley, Mrs. J.
IC Gardner Mrs. Hawley and two children,
Mrs. H. L. Herbert and child, Mrs. Lafferty
and two children. Master Lafferty. W. P. Low
rey. Mrs. Lowrey. W. H. Martin, F. T. Merry.
.A. Meyers E. L. Miner, J. P. Murray. Mrs.
M F. RasmusKn. Mies M. Rasmussen, W. H.
Roche. C. C. Smith, Mrs. George Spring, Miss
M. Stevenson, Mrs. M. Zangenberg.
Pago Pago—Emma Purcell, A. S. workman
Auckland—J. B.. Bullen. A. L. Curtis, John
Haynes, George R. Jackson. J. S. Mills, Dr. A.
Paterson. Mrs. Patenson, E, Schaefer, M. Sieg,
Mrs. L. J. Smith, Miss E. Smith. C. H. Wak
ley. Miss J. Welgel.
Sydney—Dr. Kettle Armstrong. TV. Berming
ham, W. J. Bradley. F. L. Cnaney. Mrs. Cha
ney L. V Finster, Mrs. Finster. H. W. Fisher.
A. Holmes, Miss A. Holmes, James Joyce, Mrs.
E. Manning, George Snyder, Mrs. Snyder, E.
XTeitbrecht, W. Woodford, Mrs. Woodford.
Ethel Woodford. Fred Woodford, Nellie Wood
ford. Winnie Woodford.
Among those who went away on the
mail boat was Captain John Barneson,
euperintendent of the transport. service.
His wife is visiting- her relatives in Aus
tralia, and Captain Barneson" is going to
Sydney to bring her home. Ever since
his accident in the park. In which he
eprained his ankle and broke one of the
small bones in his" leg. Captain Barneson
has felt the need of a vacation. For near
ly two years he and Captain Batchelder
worked night and day to get the trans
ports away on time, and now that a lull
has come and the war is practically over
Captain Barneson will take a well-earned
rest.
The employes on the transport wharf
secured a band yesterday morning and
boarding the Government tug Slocum fol
lowed the Sonoma out through the Heads.
The last thing those on the mall boat
heard as the vessels parted company
was the band on the Slocum playing "A
Life on the Ocean Wave."
"Water Front Notes.
Hind, Rolph & Co.'s handsome new
barkentlne Lahaiuna came over from the
shipyard and docked at Howard-street
wharf yesterday. Her sails are bent, and
as soon as she gets her ballast aboard
she will sail for Puget Sound 1 to load
lumber for Shanghai.
Captain Rorvik is now ln command of
the schooner William Olson, and Captain
Bmlth of the steamer Santa Cruz.
Christian Remfeld, a sailor on the
steamer I>el 'Norte, went to the rooming
house at 48 East street Wednesday night.
He accidentally turned on the gas and
yesterday morning was removed to the
Harbor Hospital in a dying condition. He
was not considered out of danger last
night. ' •'
Charles Smith, boatswain on the steam
ship Ventura, was locked up in the har
bor police station yesterday on two
charges of petty larceny. Two days ago
a number of men were ordered into the
vessel's hold to do some work. E. G.
Ekinner gave Smith a gold watch " and
chain and Thomas Bowling gave him $35
to take care of while they wjnt below.
They claim Smith -ran away with the
money and watch.
irEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British steamer Southeriand will load
lumber on Puget Sound for Shanghai, chartered
prior to arrival; the. Highlands, lumber on
Puget Sound for Cape Town. 75s. prior to arri
val; the Newsboy, lumber on Puget Sound for
Sydney 40s, Melbourne or "Adelaide 47s 6d, re
chartered; the William Olsen, lumber at Gam
ble for Honolulu.
The Sonoma's Cargo.'
The steamer Sonoma sailed yesterday for
Sydney and way porta with a general cargo
valued at S146.260 (exclusive of cargo for Hono-
Julut. manifested as follows: For Australia.
yiO7,7£3; New Zealand, $32,800; Samoa, $3248;
Fiji Islands, t320;- South Africa. 12109. The
irincipal shipments were as "follows:
For Australia—12SS lbs beans. 2460 ctls barley.
9 cr* bicycles and - sundries. 125--bales broom
corn. 37,i»7 lbs coffee. S39 cs canned goods, 17
rkge • confectionery. 1S.522 Ibs dried fruit. 13
pkgs dry goods. 5223 doors.. 623 lbs evaporated
fruit. tO cs fuse. 16 pkgs groceries 'and pro
visions. SS67 lbs hops, 107 pkgs hardware. 150.333
ft lumbtr. 44J pkgs metal polish. 422 rolls 25 cs
paper. SC pkgs oils, 26 bales overalls. 173 pkfe-s
paint, 29 bdls pipe, 34 cs rubber boots and shoes,
492 cs shoes. 48.160 lbs shot, 16 bdls ehooks, 94
cs salmon, 19 pkgs sewing machines, 224 sks
twine, 727 cs table meal, 5 crs wagon material,
:19 cs 2 bbls whisky.
For New Zealand— 7 pkgs agricultural imple
ments, 5 crs bicycles and sundries, 4135 lbs
beans, 1312 cs canned goods, 2150 lbs codfish.
624 lbs chocolate, 1650 lbs coffee. 6 coils cordage,
68,570 lbs dried fruit, 2475 lbs evaporated fruit,
12 cs drugs, 30 cs fuse, 96 boxs fruit, 11 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 300 lbs hops, 27 bales
leather, 1500 lbs lard, 201 pkgs metal polish, 46
pkgs machinery. 261 rolls 101 bales paper, 16
bales overalls, 225 crs onions, 317 cs oaimon. 10
cs raisins, 64 bdls shooks, 14 cs shoes, 29 cs
type, 47 C6 table meals, 37.es wine.
For Samoa— 4 crs bicycles and sundries, 48 cs
salmon, 508 pkgs groceries and provisions, 56
cs canned roods. 11 cs hardware. 75 tins, bread.
1000 ft lumber, 10 cs coal oil. 1700 lbs rice, 5
cyls gas, 5 crs potatoes and onions, 500 lbs
sugar, 10 bbls flour, 20 cs soap, 3 coils cordage.
For Fiji Islands— 2 cs dry goods, 62 cs canned
goods. 9 pkg-s groceries and provisions. .
For South Africa— 200 cs canned salmon, 400
cs canned fruit. • *
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer Umatilla sailed ' yesterday for
Victoria with merchandise for British Columbia
valued at J11.994; for Boston, $8438, and for Cin
cinnati, $2252. The cargo Included the follow-'
Ing:
For British Columbia — 19 cs arms and am
munition, 35S2 lbs beans. 97S lbs cheese. 156 cs
canned - fruit, 23 tons coal, 6 coils cordage, 312 .
ribs coffee, -7- cs dry goods. C cs drugs, 18,010 lbs"
dried fruit, 3317 lbs glucose, 50 bbls flour, 1292
pkgs vegetables, 106 pkgrs groceries and pro
visions. 26 cyls gas. 1S73 lbs sheet lead. 15 pkgs
machinery, 47.650 Ibs malt. 100 tins matches,
2606 lbs nuts, 45 crs onions, 727 crs potatoes, 22
pkgs paste. 20 bbls plaster, So pkgs raisins, 3S
bdls steel, 1000 lbs sugar, 1 c 636 gals wine.
Ftor Boston— 24.452 lbs wool.
For Cincinnati— 645 cs canned asparagus.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, June 20.
Etmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15 hours from
Mendodno.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, 20 hours from
Needle Rock.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 45 hours from
San Dieco, etc.
Stmr Noyo, Johuson, 21 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Argyll, Gilboy, 14 days 4 hours from
Panama.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey.
Etmr, North Fork, Kosen, 24 hours from Eu
reka. 1
Stmr Empire, Macgenn, 4S*£ hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Beyes.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlg, 60 hours from
Eureka-
Schr Abbie, Fetersen, 2% days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Hagernak. 14 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, 28 hours from Iver
sens Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday. June 20.
Stmr Sonoma, Van Oterendorp, Honolulu and
Sydney; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria, etc; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Ncr Etmr Titanla, Eegencp, Kanalmo; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, Chemainus; John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
SAILED.
, Thureday, June . 20. ,
' Stmr Sonoma, Van Oterendorp, Honolulu and
Sydney.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria. - .
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, Greenwood.
Nor stmr Titanla, Earenes, Nanaimo. t
Schr Lily, Bottler. Umpqua.
Schr Mary S, Campbell, Point Reyes.
Schr La Glronde, Hansen, Gray* Harbor. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 29, 10 p m— Weather
fog-By; wind west, velocity 16 mllea.
SPOKEN.
June 7, lat <S N. Ion 10 W-Br ship Carnedd
Llewellyn, from Liverpool, for San Fran
cisco.
June 14. lat 47 N. Ion 31 W— Br ship Queen
Marcaret. from Taeoma, for Queenstown.
June 12, lat ZS 07 N, Ion 128 15 W— Bktn Ad
denda, Irom Astoria, for Callao.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jurta 17— Schr Guide,
from Grays Harbor. June 20 — Stmr Luella,
from ; stmr N.avarro, from Bowens Land
lne.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 20— Schr Volunteer,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Sailed June 8— Bktn Skagit, for
Port Gamble.
UMPQUA— Sailed June 19— Schr Zampa, for
Sim Pedro.
Arrived June 16— Schr Lucy, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed ln June 20— Schr
Volante, hence June 11. ,~
Arrived June 20— Br bark Highlands, from
Honolulu. »
GRA1S HARBOR— Sailed June 19— Schr San
Buenaventura, for San Francisco; schr Laura
Madsen, for San Pedro.
ArrH-ed June 19— Schr W J Patterson, from
San Pedro; schr John A, from Moss Landing.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 19—
Stmr Mlneola, from Nanaimo.
Salted June 20 — Stmr San Mateo, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed June 20— Schr Marion, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 20— Schr Monterey.
for San Francisco. *
EUREKA— Arrived June 20— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro.
Sailed June 20— Bark Hesper, for Shanghai;
schr Maid of Orleans, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 20— Stmr Al-Ki,
from Dyea,
Arrived June 20 — Stmr Victorian,- from
AlasUa.
PORT • GAMBLE— Sailed June 20-Schr
Queen, for San Francisco.
POUT MADISON— Sailed June 16— Schr Co
rona, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Sailed June 20— Stmr Spokane, for
Port Gamble.,- ¦
MANILA— Sailed June 13— U S stmr Logan,
for San Francisco.
DUNGENEES — Passed June 19— Fr bark
Louis Pasteur, from Antwerp, for Oregon. :
CCXHAVEN— Passed June 17— Br ship Lady
West worth, from Hambu re. from San Fran
cisco. aBMMiBgBWMS'rBjyyaiaEjp
KINSALE— Arrived eft June 19— Br ship
Queen Margaret, from Taeoma, and ordered
to Antwerp.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 19— Br Btmr Cop
tic, hence May 21. ~- • ¦ -
SANTA KOSALIA— Tn pert June . 17— Schr
Eric, from Cowliican; Ger barks Artemis and
BRITISH SHIP CARDIGANSHIRE BEING TOWED FROM THE SUGAR REFINERT BY THE TUG RELIEF. THE
VESSEL WAS AWAY DOWN BY THE HEAD. AND STRANGERS ON THE WATER FRONT GOT A GREAT
SCARE THINKING THE SHIP MIGHT SINK. .
" Publicity has been given to a rumor that
Senators Perkins and Bard have referred
the appointment of Collector of Internal
Revenue, First District, to the seven,Rep
resentatlves in Congress from ! California.
The rumor also says that (the Congress
men have declared in favor.' of retaining
John . C. Lynch ]as ; Collector. ; These
rumors are not founded on fact. •; The Sen
ators have made no such reference. Con
gressmen Frank Ii. Cdonibs of the First
and S. D. "Woods of the Second 'District
have not been apprised^ of such reference,
and have not entered Into any agreement
concerning affairs of, the Revenue Col
lector's office.' There has been no con
ference of the seven Representatives on
topics touching the distribution of Federal
patronage. According to the best in
formation attainable the members of Con
gress have not exchanged views, one with
another, on the subject of the Revenue
Collectorship. It is a fact, however, that
Senator Perkins did agree to recommend
for Lynch's successor any Republican of
good character and known capability
named by Senator Bard. The office was
practically tendered to Senator Rowell of
Fresno, but he declined " the proffered
honor. . ¦ ¦ '•-¦•
Fresno County expects to be recognizes
by . the Republican party, but higher
recognition than that which an ordinary
Federal appointment would confer is sug
gested. Indications are that Fresno will
present the name of Frank H. Short for
Governor of California, The Stockton
Record and Fresno Mirror speak tot Mr.
Short's unquestioned ability and remark
that he is especially/deserving of consid
eration at the hands of the , Republican
party. .
At a meeting last night of the Primary
Election League of this city the following
petition was approved and forwarded to
the Board of Supervisors: •.-¦'¦
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco: The Re
publican Primary League, organized for the
purpose of enlisting the interest of all good
citizens in the maintenance of the primary elec
tion law and of securing a strong and sound
municipal government, I respectfully requests
your honorable, body, in accordance with the
provisions of the act of the ¦ last Legislature,
to declare August 13, 1901, a holiday, that
being the day which by law Is fixed' for the
holding of the primary election this year, and
being generally observed in the business com
munity as "collection day."..
Your proclaiming this^ day a legal holiday
would enable all the merchants and their em
ployes and all laboring men better and more
easily to fulfill their duties and to enjoy their
rights as citizens In the Important matter of>
the primary elections, which will hereafter be
the fundamental basis of all good government.
We respectfully ask you to take action im
mediately in order that our citizens may, suf
ficiently far in advance, he guaranteed an op
portunity to vote at the primary election, so
that their interest may immediately be evoked
and impressed-, in the cause of good government
Respectfully submitted, . - /
REPUBLICAN PRIMARY LEAGUE.
By THOS. P. WOODWARD. President
UNdbLS E. SAVAGE. Secretary.
AT LEAGUE HEADQUARTERS.
Sheriff, Auditor and County Clerk
Among Visitors.
Many well-known Republicans of the
city, amone them County Clerk Deane,
Sheriff Lackmann an/I Auditor Wells, vis
ited the headauarters ' o£ the league last
evening.* * Jl -
. The Fremont Club, an organization, of
young and progressive Republicans, Is In
sympathy with the league's purpose to
obtain good municipal government
through the agency of s the Republican
party. Delegates from this club visited
the league and were cordially welcomed.
Frank H. Short of Fresno
May Be Candidate for
Governor.
DISTRIBUTION
OF PATRONAGE
Congressmen Have Not
r Agreed to Retain
Lynch.
THE SA^ FKAINU13UU CAJLI,^ FRIDAt\ JT7NE 23^ 1901^
one Is Crowded With Passengers for Honolulu, Auckland and
Sydney— Captain John Barneson, Marine Superintendent of the
.' ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ * •
Army Transport Service, Departs on a Trip to the Antipodes
OCEANIC COMPANY'S MAIL STEAMSHIP
SONOMA DEPARTS, FOR AUSTRALASIA
5
Time Time Time Time "
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
. HJVV H W . L W
21... 2:34 6.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 6.4 9:50 ~2~6
Sg S3 ::5 3;S S: 7 2 i;S II 11:0 ° m
Li W H W L W H W ¦""
24 ... 0:07 1.8 6:00 3.8 11:20 1.6 6:18 5.5
i? " i :o1 1 -° 8:22 3 - 7 12:53 2.4 7:41 5 7
27 ... 2:35 0.6 9:25 3.8 1:40 2.7 8ll5 b'A
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme Stuslaw River ....
Washtenaw.... Seattle
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay \"
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports....
China China and Japan .'
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma '
Fulton San Pedro.
Tucapel/ Valparaiso & Way Pts
Milton Nanaimo
Victoria Comox \
Eureka Humboldt
Rival WllJapa Harbor '"
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts
Corona San Diego
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria.. '
Mackinaw Seattle
Pomona Humboldt
Newburg Grays Harbor ....
Arcata Coos Bay ""
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock...'
Del Norte Crescent City
Curacao Mexican Ports '
Hermonthls...*. Hamburg & Way Pts"
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts
Point Arena.... Point Arena ..
Coos Bay Newport
Santa Rosa.... San Dleeo "
Zealandia Honolulu .:.'.'.'.
June 21
June 21
June 21-
June 21
June 22
June 22
June 22
June 21
June 22
JUne 22
June 2.J
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 24
June 24
June 24
June 25
June 26
June 26
June 26
June 26
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails. |
i
I Pier.
June 21.
San Pedro.... 'Humboldt
Mandalay.... Coqullle River
Arcata Coos Bay
Pomona Humboldt :..
Jane 22.
Fulton Grays Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
H'kong: Maru China & Japan....
Coos Bay Newport
Point Arena.'. Point Arena.
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Santa Barb' r Humboldt ;
Acme......... Sluslaw River ....
Noyo .*:.... Humboldt ..........
June 23.
North Kork.. Humboldt
Santa Rosa.. San Diego
June 25.
Eureka Humboldt .'...:
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma
City Puebla.. Puget Sound iPorts
Bonlta,. San Pedro ....
Jane 20.
Rival 1 Willapa Harbor....
Australia Tahiti via Marq'sas
Corona....".... San Diego
Jane 27.
Tucapel Valparaiso & ¦¦ Way
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
i
10 am
5 pm
12 m
1:30 pi
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 13
I Pier 9
5 pm
4 pm
l»pm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
3 pm
5 pm
Pier 16
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
9 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
9 am
12 m
11 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 11
5 pm
10 am
9 am
5th St.
Pier 7
Pier 11
12 m
11 am
Pier 34
Pier 24
Iteamer.
Destination.
i Sails.
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports, f June 22
Victorian Skaguay & .Way 'Ports. June 23
Queen.......... Skasruay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior Valdez & Way , Ports.. June 25
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Dirlgo. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Alkl ;... Skaguay, & Way Ports. June 29
Senator.' . . .'. Nome dlr«ct '. June 29
Cottape City... Skagfuay An Way Ports. June 2D
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 30
Time Time Time Time "
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft
. HJVV H W . L W
21... 2:34 6.0 8:56 0.2 4:06 6.4 9:50 ~2~6
Sg S3 ::5 3;S S: 7 2 i;S II 11:0 ° m
Li W H W L W H W ¦""
24 ... 0:07 1.8 6:00 3.8 11:20 1.6 6:18 5.5
i? " i :o1 1 -° 8:22 3 - 7 12:53 2.4 7:41 5 7
27 ... 2:35 0.6 9:25 3.8 1:40 2.7 8ll5 b'A
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Acme Stuslaw River ....
Washtenaw.... Seattle
W. H. Kruger. Tlllamook Bay \"
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports....
China China and Japan .'
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma '
Fulton San Pedro.
Tucapel/ Valparaiso & Way Pts
Milton Nanaimo
Victoria Comox \
Eureka Humboldt
Rival WllJapa Harbor '"
Bonlta San Pedro & Way Pts
Corona San Diego
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria.. '
Mackinaw Seattle
Pomona Humboldt
Newburg Grays Harbor ....
Arcata Coos Bay ""
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports
Robert Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock...'
Del Norte Crescent City
Curacao Mexican Ports '
Hermonthls...*. Hamburg & Way Pts"
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts
Point Arena.... Point Arena ..
Coos Bay Newport
Santa Rosa.... San Dleeo "
Zealandia Honolulu .:.'.'.'.
June 21
June 21
June 21-
June 21
June 22
June 22
June 22
June 21
June 22
JUne 22
June 2.J
June 23
June 23
June 23
June 24
June 24
June 24
June 25
June 26
June 26
June 26
June 26
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
June 27
Steamer.
Destination.
[Sails. |
i
I Pier.
June 21.
San Pedro.... 'Humboldt
Mandalay.... Coqullle River
Arcata Coos Bay
Pomona Humboldt :..
Jane 22.
Fulton Grays Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
H'kong: Maru China & Japan....
Coos Bay Newport
Point Arena.'. Point Arena.
Columbia Astoria & Portland
Santa Barb' r Humboldt ;
Acme......... Sluslaw River ....
Noyo .*:.... Humboldt ..........
June 23.
North Kork.. Humboldt
Santa Rosa.. San Diego
June 25.
Eureka Humboldt .'...:
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma
City Puebla.. Puget Sound iPorts
Bonlta,. San Pedro ....
Jane 20.
Rival 1 Willapa Harbor....
Australia Tahiti via Marq'sas
Corona....".... San Diego
Jane 27.
Tucapel Valparaiso & ¦¦ Way
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland
i
10 am
5 pm
12 m
1:30 pi
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier 13
I Pier 9
5 pm
4 pm
l»pm
9 am
2 pm
11 am
5 pm
3 pm
5 pm
Pier 16
Pier 13
PMSS
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 24
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 2
9 am
9 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
9 am
12 m
11 am
9 am
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 11
5 pm
10 am
9 am
5th St.
Pier 7
Pier 11
12 m
11 am
Pier 34
Pier 24
Iteamer.
Destination.
i Sails.
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports, f June 22
Victorian Skaguay & .Way 'Ports. June 23
Queen.......... Skasruay & Way Ports. June 24
Excelsior Valdez & Way , Ports.. June 25
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Dirlgo. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 29
Alkl ;... Skaguay, & Way Ports. June 29
Senator.' . . .'. Nome dlr«ct '. June 29
Cottape City... Skagfuay An Way Ports. June 2D
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. June 30
visit. DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
§1051 iUaXfS 57. tot. 6&*7A, ST.Cal.
The Lareest Anatomical Museum in the
World. Weaknesses or any contracted
disease pasltl vrl? cared hy the oldest
Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 yean. >
DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
Consultation free and strictly pmate.
Treatment personally or by letter. _ A
Potitiv* Cur* in every case undertaken.'
Write for Book. pniLOOUPBY or
BARBMGE. HAILED FKEE. ( A
valuable book for rrn-n)
DR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market Ht.B. P.
PENNSYLVANIA" ; . SYSTEM . o£ Rail-
ways.: Office-^ ¦Montgomery . street •
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the • cure \; of . GONORRHEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of th*
Organs of Generation. .¦ , -'*..-
" Pries %1 a bottle. For sale by drujjlst*,.
DDTTCII1?Q F0R BARBERS, BAK-
fjrilj OJliLO ers > bootblacks, bath-
. r- - houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker;, canners.
dyers. flourmiHs, foundries; • laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers. , tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrameat* S»
% s *Jljg£sJ* i rbl 8 v t f uv °z UfflSff l!fl§!l^® infill I HJl 15 ° WrltIn 9. T P bf ?'* '«
I ;#^ ; •- Big Ribbon Sale. j
$ /^^^M* Beginning this * morning and until closing time 5
W^*T"."^ '¦•'*>P r Vflk Saturday night we shall have on special sale a very J
* 1/ -"^^-^[(2X /Jp^ large purchase— 3n importer's surplus stock of stylish g
* \ £±^^ Fancy Ribbons- Better ribbon values have never been J
* Aj^fiiS^^^fv ' n ff ere d ln San Francisco. Here are the details: J
if \( tWx\ j) *"^ ywds Fancy Ribbon — Novelty weave, all sillc, 3^ bches wide, solid %
H 7) <Kl^. fx!$l^t^\\(l J ftv \ \ C'n colors; pink,' blue, cream and white; cheap at 20c per yard; yy J
i£ C f^/ ¦/]// Jn\. 1 \*\\ S2^ c P r K c » Friday and Saturday. ". . . .'.*.. IT^rCr S
g y / ' / ¦y£&Wii)\\^) [I 2000 yards "Brilliant SUK Fancy Dibbon— 4 inches wide, hairline stripes, jj.
af • / / ' /^^/y/jjjs/ f -^^-J. in light colors, a splendid 25c yalu;; to-day and Saturday, per *9** ft
it'-. I I \Y/r nW 2500 yards Corded TaHcta Dibbon— 4 inches wide, rich colorings in two- J
5? ' / l<^^)/Jm^^^y^y toned effects, very pre.ty ribbon for neckwar, extra good value 'fg%-± 5
\ Af ''\jf/i%yj/'-. — 5 NO 1 - at 35c a'yard; Friday and Saturday onTy. m SJG 5
\^^§^^^^ I /) ' 120 ° yards B 1^ Liberty Satin Ribbon— All silk, double faced, the regular \
ffv^ Z?P\-1 ¦S^ -' s- • U 4^-inch 50c quality; special Friday and Saturday only, per *
jo r . , ., i [ * • •••••••.••••"••/•••,;•,•.••*•*•••••••••••••••••• JJ
§ 400 ptces Colored Velvet Ribbon — In brown', cardinal, greens, old ros;, grays, etc.; on special sa'c Friday and Saturday *
|{ - at about one- quarter eff; regular prices— • JC
* No 3, 3s yard. V No. 5, 4© yard. No. 7, So yard. No. 9, J o yard. g
I Dress. Linings. $1 2. 5 O Silk Etons Belt Buckles §
I 4 Special Sale. > $7.45* Th ?* H * ff T Hc ?' f , V 1
Z ... ¦ V • -„„¦ .. .¦ ..-,'¦¦. ¦*!* m w—m-*mrm _ Ths entire saaiph Lnc and overstock of a lead-
J 34-inch watejeJ effect Skirt" Lining, black and . Asscrted i ot o f ing belt buck!e manufacturer, 'bought by » *
«C " eW CO ?:f>.* wcll - known / nd wdthked 2OC J A^^^ handsom: al!-:ilk Eton at a discount of 5 D p C r cent; the yery n e w eK J,
% peryard lining; loop yards on ipe-.j- BZfflRMfrh Ja:ket3: one of the ideas in belt buckle, will be offered at »ecial J«
* cial tale to-day on y ff-*t>. ¦ P rctt X *j'f* beIn ? ««le to^ay (Friday) only at about ha'ither {
Jf'' ' ; — : '• f \8^"^§^ shown in picture; they ml value. J
•? LfMUOW SUBtSlsISm vTsTy^ arc perfectly maJe and 25O? 35c, 5Oc, 6O0, 75 O, X
m &.i«fMV* •!»•••««•: • Jffl r lined, either plain or $1.UQ. X
If Tom Taylor; Whi key -Choice o!d boar on, tucked; some are lace : ¦ ' S
£ the Big Store's regular price 9S c per bott e; J^^'AWM^ trimmed, either col ar- WasH Ballet*** X
g en sp;cial sac to-.fay 82c less cr Wnhardt co" «? C^l O > O O *
J Choice Sweet" Winet-Angelica, ¦ Tokay or - fftf ifffwlv Jar, a'l sizes, regularly $1m5O SlZB 98C. X
£ Madeira, oM and viry fine, regularly $1. SO IHff|j||||r^&$i3.5O each; Friday No. 8 sirs heavy dn v-SS=^ X
«f a E a Ion; to-day only • 95 <3 . UWB&] WMW JMjand Saturday, ' Wa.-h Boile'rs, cop- A*4^b^ X
» Naglee Brandy— The genuine unadu'teratei, *f%mm *m f* P" botom, side / M^^TK X
J guaranteed 26 years old, regu'arly < 1. 50 a T^%^W *B7 m*4>i2 handle, and fitfd ////%%&¦ \ 5
If >ttle; to-day only. .$1.20 *^tT *-*-** / / /WjM\ '*
$ Candlesticks 12c. Special Sale of flat ™^r^ x (//f/%\ \ S
K /I Wrought Irom Candlesticks in t il%i%m4*l *llll* tegidarygat ?i. 5 o I ff / // Jllil J
$ I pretty fancy shapes, of which one . LinBrtyj&IIK each f> the Big U / / JBlCJl J
5 is shown in iUustration, complete SkUti CHlffOnS* StOTC * 8pCClal P " CC US
J with colored candlej regu'arly Wc Eecurcd a few . f - moK cf L^ «- * 7 ' ,Q,Qq P L' 5
aoceach, to-Cay fjjJc ert / SIlk and ChirTJh, of wh-eh we sold — /3
Jf * 3 * f ;' t , . - thousands of yards in a single day's sale a TT*ii-» fV f *•% if* rum..-! X
$¦ '<£ & I 1 '/ 1 * 0 V Stand *~ couple of week, ago. In tL lot we have TaOie UOWfS. ' X
* I J?jS ir e itS s not" notquite 8) arge ana?foitment ofco!prs ' . A Special Sale, :?
a^ terv with raised ¦">* there are only a lew p'ecej of Hack and Fine Fringed Tib e Cov.rs, rich cardinal cdr, •*
*tn&e!&fr ¦ fieures and round Cr " m wh " t? ' wh ' ch " Ul s * cur -" 1 h ? ear^ perfevt.y washab'e, suitib:e for dining 'J
*°^?^WS. " share 'dpcoratrrf comcr - ; - Thh jretty material tor yokes, kitchen tabks, fast colcr?, on special u'.e to- #
ItgtgTB P ° " Q neckweir, millinery purpo:es, et:., is worth cay onlv a: le=s tl an mil to.t. X
{ K— .. C r h e " a u "f! y ' 5 ««» frf 7 35C P-r J2rd;t 3 -d,y-,^-_ 6»66 iuhes each S 9 O 5
|. 15c each, to-day... § \ 9C .^^l M C 6ox 7a inches each. ; .......... .©^0 %
* . . ; Also 144 hbmsniched cardinal tm- X
$ f+~~->~-*:~s~ * Special Sale of ported Stand Covers, Z
I €xt*OCei*MGS Forks antl Spoons. ' m , three S 'V S - at less tkxn hal ' %
If • . ¦ *f* value. ¦ x
If m$M »m ' Another small lot of Wm. A. Rogers Standard S
I TTO^Dt3y a m T«- Sheet Music 15c. %
t? Sugar, best Dry Granulated t8 1foS 91. OO SDOC "' Friday Only. %
ft Coffee— Bist Java and Mocha; ourreguarjsc /^ <R^^^^^=^«^^^ TaSe - Or re S u!ar P rce fo ' these popu.ar songs and
J lb grade; to-cay ,.2Bc I V^^^^^ spoons wa Uc3 is 25c, publisher's price 50c each. J»
If Sarc'ines — Choice imported French Sardines; TYln _m ¦¦ '^^^~1 an d T. b b th; lisc for t.J-da/ at 15c. V
If, .. i. v . . •¦ O flnic 9Rr» ' «96i^ ¦ ' Fcrks "For Old Time's Sake." ' V
ft tins £QG r ' rKS » -when the Crimson Sun Is Setting In the «
r> Pt*UitOS — Good qua lty Santa Claras; to- guaranteed lull weight or pure filveron 21 Weat."
•? day on'y 8 ibs 25c pr cent nickel sLver base, en sp:c:a! tah "Carol of the Bobolink." «
I Animal Crackers-Regularly 14c ?b; to-da>: Frida, only: . - "^^^^ V^lr^e^V^e^^ • 5
*' t ' r .....;....."......:. r. .1. /i?O Teaspoons, set of 6 ."1 ..V..O3' "The Honeysuckle and the Bee." X
J Pork and Beans in tomato sauce, Van Camp's; Tablespoons, s:t of 6 $1.66 "Answe"/^ r£. «
K tc-fay only. .3 tilts 25c Forks, s.t of 6 1.66 "Ell Green's Cakewalk Sonit." J
Announcement
JS® Public.,
sr l\^n«^/ r\vrDTa to the fa-
\T " l\ VK II 71 *-* vor».ble criticism and
'\\ l\ ft Vl // many inquiries received, by
11, 1 \j» yj .jj UB from the Medical Pro-
fession and others interested regarding our
statement that the so-called Weakness of Men
is not a weakness but symptoms of inflam-
mation of the Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der),- caused by contracted disorders and early
dissipation, and that Loss of Vitality, Prema-
tureness, etc.. are Invariably cured by pro-
cedures directed toward correcting this inflam-
mation, - we wish to state to these many in-
quiries, in the columns of -the press, that it
takes approximately ten weeks to cure these
disorders of the male. • The treatment Is en-
tirely, a local one. as no drugging the stomach.
- is necessary, ' and that the patient may treat
himself at home, under our directions. W« will
- cheerfully explain the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
of the organs, which we send free on applica-
tion to any one interested in the subject, will
be found a great advantage in "Home Diag-
nosis," as well as a study for all interested la
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
. lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases ln old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains ln Back. Evil Desires. Lame "Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, /~r 'Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop NeO %M rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. EffectsiiJrL are Immediate.
Impart vigor and CEIVTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organ?.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: 500 a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 box«-s. . Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
40 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 88 and 40 Third st.
STATEMENT
- OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Standard Marine
. INSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL. England, on the Sl»t d*jr !
of December. A. D. 1900. and for the rear
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 411
of the Political Code, condensed aa per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash J3CO.00O00
ASSETS. I "
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ..$1,178,044 00
Cash in Banks 180,78)00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1 14,988 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 242.C12 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks..: 23.3S2 00
Rents due and accrued, policy
stamps on hand - . 834 00
Total Anets $1,649,399 00
K;:. LIABILITIES. .
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of Adjustment or
• ln Suspense $173,950 OO
Losses resisted, Including ex-
penses .J.
Gross premiums on Marine and In-"
land Navigation Risks. > ;
reinsurance 100 per cent... 143.745 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, f— — ; reinsurance W per
cent
All other Liabilities 117.134 00
Total Liabilities $433,829 00
INCOME. ;
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $4S7,S4< 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 39,03110
- .Total Income $32S.SS2 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including; $ , losses of previ-
ous years) $433,327 00
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 35,221 53
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes. .' *.O6" 47.
All other payments and expenditures 1,877 00
Total -Expenditures ..." $341,493^00
¦ • ' =====
v"l • Marina.
Losses incurred durinr the year $473,927 00
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount 01' Risks fe&Jflti
written during the
year $64,493,933 $337,538 00
Net amount of Risks
, expired during the
year 63.832,373 5S0.735 00
Net amount in force
D<M:ember 31. 1300 8.271.210 142.745 00
JNO. WILLIAMSON. Prestdent.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
23d day of January. 1901.
-W. J. STJLI3, TJ. S. Vice Consul.
J. D. SPBECKeU& BROS. CO.,
General Agents,
J. P. P. DAVIS & SON, Matagsn,
215 Sansoms Street, Saa Fnseisso, Cal.
Telephone Private Exchange 8» .
the empobitjm:
THE EMPOBITJM.
THE EMPOBITJM.CORON ADO TENT CITT. Coronado B*ach,
Cal.. will be tha> po»w»Ur sutrimer resort thU
.season.' Jt became famous last rear for com
lort. entertainment and . health. Its splen<U4
cafe was a wonder, the flahlns uaexeell**, •
Good Service and Quick Time.
The Santa Fe Route train leaving San Fran
cisco 4:20 p. m. dally now runs through to
Fresno, making the shortest time between Saa
Francisco. Stockton. Merced and Fresno.
CALIFOBNIANS IN UTEW YOEX
NE"V# .YORK, June 20.— The following
Calif ornians" are in NewYork: From San
Francisco— Miss Fredericks, '.", Miss E.: J.
'Jones,' at the St. Denis: F. Macpherson, at
the '¦¦ Sturtevanti.C. M.i Radcliffe, ¦* at the
Park ; Avenue; M., Sommer and J. ¦ G.'
Spaulding,: at the^fmperial; "W7 D. 1 Tobey;
at. the. Manhattan: W. H..Landori, at the
Broadway Central; J. B. Bacorde, at the
Gilsey; J. D. ¦ Coughlin, ; at the ! Murray
Hill ; C. H. ; Howard, ' at > \ the : Broadway
Central ; F. A. r " Jackson and wife, at the
Grand. .. . . '¦• . • ..
From Los. Angeles— D.. Flemings and
James ; H. Olmsteadj at' the Grand Union ;
E. T. Toy. at the. Herald Square." : 7
Official Eoute Christian Endeavorera
to Cincinnati, Ohio. ,\
¦ The Burlington Route via Denver has been
selected as the official route. Through Pullman
Tourist Sleeping Cars to Cincinnati will leav»
San Frandico July 1 at 6 p. m. Tickets on
Bale June 30 to July 1: rate. $76 50 for round
trip. July 1-2 we will sell round trip tickets
to Detroit at JS2 25; July 3-4 to Chicago $73 50.
and to Buffalo $37. For sleeping car berths
call on or address W. D. Sanborn, General
Agent, 631 Market street.
The dress 6f the first'shirt-waist'man'toappearat a
swell resort in New York this summer is thus de
scribed: "The garment was made of pink mousseline
.de soie, with a false front, accordion plaited. Looking
from the sidewalk no stays were apparent. The gar
ment was. not cumbered with' cuffs. The' man wore a
high turnover collar; with aflowingtie, patent leather
shoes, gray trousers and a straw hat, with: a brim in
three layers." . .'*../
Since, the University of Glasgow has conferred the
degree of LL.D. on Andrew Carnegie we may as well
admit that money has its culture just as well as schol
arship. ' . '¦ ¦ ".¦ : i_; ..; * ': * \ ¦ . ¦ :r^^ :^' I ''^ '¦
The'Empress;Dowager of China has emerged from
I retirement long enough to say she: is in favor of re
j form, but Jjhe seems to retain the idea that'.she alone
I should have the right to enforce it.
Here is a pretty problem in arithmetic 'to amuse
people who have leisure for calculations. 'An un
known donor lias presented Columbia College, New
York, with $100,000 to found a chair of the- Chinese
language, accompanying the gift with a letter say
ing: "For fifty years I have refrained from the use
of whisky or tobacco, and inclose j'6u a check which
represents the interest on my savings." The question
is to determine how much whisky and tobacco the
man would have had to consume to make the interest
on it amount to $100,000.
Mrs. Kendal says a woman who seeks success on
the stage needs "the face of a goddess, the strength
• of a lion, the figure of a Venus, the voice of a dove,
the temper of an angel, the grace of a swan, the agil
ity of an antelope and the skin of a rhinoceros." The
list is excellent, but it will be noted that Sarah Bern
hardt has none of them. She has, however, two arts
that beat. them all — she knows how to act and she
knows how to keep heiself advertised. .
Embassador Choate is reported to have achieved
another brilliant success in London, bul as it consisted
in making-a good speech at the Tenniel banquet it
would seem that his diplomacy is mainly a matter of
after-dinner talk. „ \ .
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
CONUNDRUMS-J. Z., City. The pur
pose of this department is to furnish in
formation t.iat is of general Interest, and
not to answer conundrums.
THE CALL'S ATLAS— Subscriber, Fres
no. For information relating to The Call's
Atlas communicate direct with, the,circu
lation department of the" paper, giving full
name and address.
LOYAL LEAGUE— Me. City. Loyal
League was a name given to many of the
organizations effected among the negroes
In the South during the reconstruction
period for protecting their newly acquired
rights.
WEDDING ANNIVERSARIES-A.' O.
S., City. The following are. the recognized
wedding anniversaries: First.. Iron; fifth
wooden, tenth, tin; fifteenth, crystal''
twentieth, china; twenty-fifth, silver
thirtieth.' cotton; thirty-fifth, linen; for
tieth, w.oolen; forty-fifth, silk; fiftieth
gold, and seventy-fifth, diamond.
SPILLING SALT— B. E. Berkeley, Cal.
Spilling salt was 'held by the Romans in
ancient time to be an unlucky omen. The
superstition has descended to the present
time. In Leonardo da Vincini's famous
picture of the Lord's Supper Judas Isca
riot is represented as spilling the salt. He
probably introduced that feature to em
body in his picture the popular supersti
tion. , Salt was used in sacrifice by the
Jews as well as by the Greeks and
Romans. It was an emblem of purity and
the sanctifying influence of a holy life on
others. Spilling the salt after it had been
used in a sacrifice was looked upon as a
bad omen. A ? ift of bread a'nd salt was
a token of friendship; -salt was also a
token of amity; so spilling a man's salt
may have been construed into a token of
enmity.
CALIFOKNIAlfS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. June 20.— The following
Califomlans arrived here to-day and
registered: From San Francisco— W. J
Gardner, at. the Shoreham; J. H. Cobin
at the Raleigh.
BLOOD FROM A TURNIP.
BY some ancient proverb-maker of our language
it was declared impossible to squeeze ,blood
from a turnip. ThaJ impossible thing . the
allies are now trying to do by demanding from China
various indemnities aggregating $315,000,600. •] The
Ministers of the nations are well aware that China
has not the money, and consequently that it cannot
be squeezed out of her as Germany squeezed five mil
liards from France, and, furthermore, they are aware
that as her bonds would be worthless she cannot bor
row the money. They have therefore set their wits
to work and arc trying to devise means to get the
spoil they have exacted.
The first scheme proposed was a simple one. Rus
sia; Germany and France joined in a suggestion that
the powers unite to guarantee the loan. In that way
it would be easy to sell the bonds, the various Gov
ernments would get their money at once fronvthc
stock market, and then if the Chinese did not pay
when the amounts became due the allied armies would
descend upon' China in battle array and there would
be further indemnities and another issue of' bonds
guaranteed by^ the powers.
The proposal was rejected by our Governmenton
the ground that the United States. could not consent
to guarantee the bonds of any foreign nation without
the consent xtl Congress. The British objected to > it ¦
for reasons which have been explained to Parliament
by Lord Lansdowrie. In the first place, his Lordship
stated, the Ministry do not believe they. would be jus
tified in asking Parliament to pledge the credit of the
empire to facilitate the collection of vast indemnities
of which, the British empire would receive less than
one-ninth. In the second place,- Great Britain has
ha«l experience in making joint guarantees of debts
of Egypt and of Turkey, and the result has not in
clined the Ministry to enter upon new experiments
of the kind. Third, because the only. way in .which
the bonds could be redeemed would be by increasing
customs duties on Chinese importations; and as' the
great bulk of such imports are British the scheme'
¦ l: ¦¦¦.-;¦¦¦¦¦¦-.¦ ;¦,.;•;. .:;•..,
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. A. L. Tebbetts of Petaluma is at
tho California. ¦ '
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey, is a
guest at ' the Palace.
John A. Mclntire, a prominent attorney
of Sacramento, is at the Lick.
Brainard F. Smith, a prison official at
Folsom, Is a guest at the Grand.
G. W. Lewis, Southern Pacific passen
ger agent at Los Angeles, is at the Pal
ace. -
George F. Ellis, a mining man of Santa
Barbara," is at* the. Lick, accompanied by
his -family. .
J. G. Hoffman, an oil man of Coallnga, is
here on. business and has made the Lick
his headquarters. • . " .' '.
¦ D. C. Clarke, connected with the school
department at Santa Cruz, registered at
the Grand yesterday.
. Frank Burnet; clerk of the Grand Hotel,
left yesterday for a short visit to 'his par
ents at Vancouver, B. C. ,j'
Joseph E. ; Terry, the well , known lum
ber merchant of Sacramento, arrlved'here
yesterday and is at;the Palace. •
James M. Brophy, the popular . young
actor, who was .born in this city, arrived
from New '¦ .York yesterday accompanied
by Mr. and Mrs. '.Theodore Roberts.
Chauncey JOlcott; the. well known actor,
arrived /In' this -city yesterday and Is at
the Palace. He intends to spend his sum
mer vacation in California and leaves to
morrow, for^Del Monte.- •¦...".
John Wanamaker's offer of $2,500,000 for railway
franchises given away by the City Council in Philadel
phia came as something like a bluff after all was over,
but had it been made while the measure was under
consideration it might have made the city splons pause
and divide.
GOVERNOR PINGREE.
WITH the death of Pingree passes from
American public life a picturesque and in
efficient figure. To call him Michigan's
greatest Governor is to do violence to the memory of
Lewis Cass and Governor Blair. .
He took his rise in politics in the period that
produced the " "industrial armies," with Generals
Coxej r , Kelly and Carl Browne.
There is no doubt that he felt keenly the distress of
the poor in the hard years 1893-96, but his remedies
were ephemeral and dealt with the .symptoms of pov
erty without going to its cause.
He vras a large manufacturer and fell into the habit
of lecturing other manufacturers upon \he proper
treatment of their emploj-es, but when his own struck
for better wages and better treatment it appeared that
even the most benevolent' intent may not be carried
into action. His vogue as Mayor of Detroit forced
him forward as a Republican candidate for Governor
in 1896. He felt no sense of loyalty to the Repub-
lican ticket, and it was with difficulty that straight
Republicans were restrained from voting for Rufus
Spragne, the Gold Democratic candidate, who would
have been elected but for the effect on the Republican
national ticket. Pingrce's views of public administra
tion were opposed by sound economists like Professor
Thompson of Michigan University, but were quite
agreeable to the Bryan wing of the Democracy, led
by a rich aristocrat of Detroit, Hon. Daniel Campau.
It seemed imminent more than once that the Democ
racy would take him up, but there was. the restraint
of old liners, led by Don M. Dickinson, who has
maintained a quite powerful personal following in
that State. ¦
Governor Pingree's second administration was, un
fortunately, adumbrated by many scandals and much
crime among his appointees. The militia officers ap
pointed by him took advantage of the opportunity
for corruption offered by the Spanish war, and several
of them were arrested while fugitives from justice and
were sent to the penitentiary. Pingree pardoned them
at the close of his term, an act that did not add to his
good reputation in Michigan.' He was a man of poor
judgment in selecting appointees, and though person
ally honest himself, gave Michigan the most corrupt
administration in its history. ¦'•%£%£
"The new neighbors don't seem to be
very popular."
"No, the women around here all mis
trust them. You sea they moved in after
V^rk, so nobody saw their furniture."—
Philadelphia Bulletin: ¦
it/j-T^J? 11 *^ 87 * 011 ' were you successful In
Introducing your breakfast food amone
the Parisians?"
«til'^v ar * rom » !t - Vrh7 ' those gay Parisians
sleep so late that they don't eat any
breakfast.'*-Detroit Journal. .
ai?^ 01^? 00 ™ 6 around to the house
and have dinner, old boy.
•.r^r, r i b8haw T Not on y° ur llfe - x brought
l°~K home ,. wnen you were drunk the other
Sf.-To a wn WcT t& SOt * g °° d 1O ° k at
tiJn 6 ? WUt ~ Are you a bellev «r to vaccina-
Jewett— Most certainly; it keot nr
ratek r tS!V yln g $ P«*»o* or nS
o a weeic.— New York_Town Topics.
ov < er a ? Wford ~ What ls your wire so ?"' ™t
C Ji a j£ ha , w ~ She bou eht a pair of these
straight front corsets and thought thev
wn£ d m i ak f>, her look 1Ike &e n^re of the
woman in the advertisement.— Puck.
Changing Names.— "If 1 had a nam* •<¦
homely as Keturah's I'd chance ft™
Dcller about."-Cleveland Flam
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
a liberal allowance was granted by him to the lady who con
tinued to bear his name.
Those who would speak a good word for the Duchess of
Avaray offer many excuses for her. In the first place. Rose do
Mercy-Argenteau was a beauty, and up to the day of her wed
ding had enjoyed only In part the luxuries she coveted, tho
jewels and fine raiment which she knew wotold enhance her
charm. Then her father, attributing all the unhapplness of his
life to a restrained youth, gave his favorite daughter unreined
freedom to go where and with whom she pleased. Thus Mile,
Rose de Mercy-Argenteau fell in, while she- was still a child,
with a set whose creed was extravagance In language, conduct
and dress. And further, any one familiar with the separate
Idiosyncracies of aristocratic families will tell you that nothing
more need be said than that the Duchess of Avaray has Car
men-Chimayblood in her veins. That her mother was a
Princess of Chimay seems to more than account for any reck
lessness on the part of her daughter.
Not long ago the Duchess, by the death of her parents
came into possession of their ancestral homo of Argenteau.
which was built early In the eighteenth century on the ruins
of an ancient castla overlooking the Meuse. near Liege Hera
she lives part of each year. Then she goes often to England
in the hunting season and takes her place among great ladles
of the turf as the Princess of Montglyn. a title which belonged
at one time to the Mercy-Argenteau family. Naturally her
sporting proclivities and her newly acquired chateau havo
necessitated an Increased income. A constant tight on her part
to Increase the income settled upon her In 1SS9 has resulted in
naught: therefore, as well founded report has it. the presern
suit of the Duchess of Avaray to get possession of her son "3
merely a ruso to obtain much-needed funds.
FRENCH DUCHESS WHO HAS THE REPUTATION OF
BEING THE MOST EXTRAVAGANT WOMAN IN PARIS
Splendor of Queens Could Not it One Time Rivaf That of the Divorced Wife
of the Duke of Avaray.
NO lady of the French aristocracy has set more tongues
a-wagging nor has appeared oftener in the courts than
the Duchess of Avaray. says the Chicago Times-Herald.
Several years ago It was her suit of divorce from the
Duke that let loose a number of truths about the high-flying
Duchess w^iich served to keep scandalmongers busy for many
a day. Just now these stories and many more are circulating
through the grande monde of Paris. For the Duchess of Ava
ray has again appealed to the courts— this time to obtain pos
session of her son, a boy of 16, who at the time of the divorce
was given into the care of his father: Those who know say it
is no v belated affection springing up In the heart of Mme la
Duchess— she has been content for a decade or more that the
little Marquis of Avaray should be reared by his father
rather, say these, is it a new method of extorting money from
the man who was once her husoand. She is not content with
the liberal sum granted her with the divorce, for it takes
money to keep up with the set in which she is a conspicuous
figure ; vast amounts of it to earn and maintain the reputation
of being the most extravagant woman In Paris.
Reckless extravagance is the keynote of her character and
from , it springs all the good and bad fortune of the Duchess
of Avaray. The marriage of Rose de Mercy-Argenteau, a dow
erless bride, to one of the richest nobles in France soon proved
that. the best filled coffers could not- stand the demands of the
newly made Duchess. Soon It began to be whispered amonjr
tho Duke's friends that his patience was diminishing as fast
as his fortune. The splendor of the Queen of Sheba and the
¦Empress Eugenie combined could scarcely rival that of the
Duchess of Avaray. It is said, too. that $100,000 went into un
derwear alone in less, than eighteen months. So the divorce
cut short this heedless disposition of the Duke's money, though
wharf could not be built at Point Bontta '
and that the first storm would wash It
away If it was built.
Colonel Davis was permitted, however,
to carry out his plan, and the storms of
last winter had no effect upon the wharf
whatever., Last week the whole work was
completed and the wharf and tramway
are now being utilized in the landing and
hauling of material for a large boarding
house and other buildings for sheltering a
large force of workmen to be employed on
the new defense works.
JThe^ new wharf has a total length of
675 feet and ascends to a point
Fort Baker, as the new post Is called.
Is located on tho crest of the low eleva
tions of . the Coast Range, which here
meets the bay, and at a height of 300 feet
above mean low water. Approach
over tho steep hills of Marln County was
possible, but extremely impracticable
without constructing roads costing a
quarter of a million dollars.
Colonel C. E. L. B. Davis, ' who has
charge of the engineering works of the
Government at Point Bonita, decided upon
a wharf with a tramway, constructed on
the style of mountain roads, but his plan
was opposed on the ground that such a
•!•— — : — '. ,
PRESIDENTIAL SPECULATIONS.
k X- ¦ : — ¦ -.; .¦ ':>%::¦•% '.¦'¦¦
WHEN President McKinley announced that
he would not under any circumstances be a
. candidate for re-election the country was not
surprised, though there was of course a good deal
of gratification that the talk of a third term had been
so promptly ended. So far as the public is concerned
the incident was closed by the President's letter, and
there has been little further speculation on the sub
ject, for the people have other things to do than to
discuss the next Presidential contest so* far in advance.
It is different, however, in Washington. At the na
tional capital things are dull at this season of the
year, and as a consequence the Presidential succession
affords as good a subject for debating and predicting
as any other.
Shortly after the publication of the President's de
termination to retire at the end of this term there
came from Washington a report that Illinois men
are already grooming Senator Cullom for the race^
It is said that Senator Mason has announced the can
didacy of his colleague and will support him from
start to finish. Cullom is a venerable statesman who
was in politics before the war, and his friends say he
bears a striking resemblance to Lincoln. He is
rather old to be spoken of as a Presidential candi
date, but the Illinois men do not count that as an
obstacle; and, moreover, in Illinois there is* no
younger man around whom the boys would rally.
A few days ago Senator Allison went to Washing
ton and visited the President, and the political experts
of the city immediately began te figure out his
chances for the succession. The correspondent of the
New York Sun in-noting his arrival said: "In several
conventions of the Republican party the name of this
popular Hawkeye citizen and experienced legislator
has aroused enthusiasm and brought forth votes.
Oh more than one occasion, too, his name has been
well to the front on several ballots..* * * Of
course Governor Shaw, Speaker Henderson and
everybody else in the Hawkeye State will be for Mr.
Allison if it be deemed wise to present him to the
convention." ;
The Iowa man is not so old as Cullom, but still he
is not what would be called a boy orator, being 72
years old. The Sun man says: "No one would
guess him to be over 60, and he. looks much younger
than many men of that age now in public life. * ' * p *
He is no nearer being baldheaded than he was at
30, and his cheeks still retain the rosiness of youth."
Another Congressman who has made a summer trip
to Washington is Landis of Indiana, and his appear
ance at the capital has led to the suggestion of Fair
banks of Indiana for the Presidency. The correspon
dent of the Philadelphia Public Ledger says: "Mr.
Landis is a Fairbanks man and a politician of
acknowledged astuteness. He is said to have
sounded the President as far as was polite to-day on
his disposition toward" the different possible Presi
dential candidates. What the result was neither Mr.
Landis nor the Presidenthas yet divulged."
By way of describing Mr. Fairbanks the writer goes
on to say: "He is a cool, calculating man, and would
not be a candidate if he were not sure of some of his
premises. He has wealth and commands confidence
among public men in his ability as a lawyer and his
sagacity, as a statesman. He came up from severest
poverty, and for years after he began to study and
practice law did his own cooking and took care of
his room. He has made his wealth not only by his
law practice but by' shrewd investments and the habit
of . saving rather than spending. Representative
Landis says. that Republicans of Indiana will do for
Fairbanks what they never did for any other favorite
son — not excepting Morton or Harrison — they will
send a solid Republican delegation to the next na
tional convention for him."
It will be seen. from all this that the Washington
correspondents ; are, getting a good deal of space writ
ing out of the Presidential succession; Any man who
wishes to be" mentioned" for the Presidency has "only
to go to the capital before the heated term is over.
¦In the meantime the country at large is keeping quite
cool, knowing' full iwell that the choice of a President
is work for another year,: and not for this one.
• From the way they are wriggling it would seem that
if the Democrats could only get rid of Bryan they
'would feel like celebrating the Glorious Fourth as
Thanksgiving day! -.
Station. IXs Name Changed.
The name of Postofflce Station D at the
foot of Market street has been changed.
This branch will be known as the Ferry
Station In future. The little office In the
Ferry building will be known as Sub-sta
tion No. 34.
FRIDAY. : . . • • .;...; .JUNE 21,! 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
• Attest All CemBtmietUo&s to W. S. LBAEE, Hunger. |
rUULICATIOA OFFICE.- .Mnrlcet and TUlrd, S. K.
Telephone Pre«« 201. / . _
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stewemo» St.
Telephone Press SC2. . ¦ :
Delivered hr Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per We«lc.
Single Copies. S Cent*.
Terms tir Mall, laclndlns Postages .
DAILY CALL Suncay). cne rear..- .*«.8O
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), « month* ...... I.W.
DAILY. CALL Oncludirn Sunday). * month*. 1.60
DAILT CALL— By EInrls Month >. .— «S°
TTEEKLT CALL. One Year — *•<»
All poitmaiten are nntliorlzcd to receive
mibwcriptloD*.
6amj>le copies will be forwarded -when reonested. - ¦
Mail TObscrlbers In ordering chanire of tfliJrtss should- toe
r articular to glre both NEW AND OLD ADDHESS In order
t» Jueare a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLA.VD OFFICE /...... 11X8 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGrESS.
Kutger Tcrt ign Alrertiiia;. Etrqcette Building. Chisjjo.
' ' tLonc Distance Telephone "Central 261».*'>
, IfETW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOX............ .......Herald Square
XETV YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPBEX U. S3HTH.. 3O Tribnne Bnlldlnc
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:. _..__!..
Waldcrf-Artcria. Hotel; A. Brentano, n Union Square:
llcrr* j- HOI Hotel." -: j
CHICAGO. NETVS STANDS: * " i •
Fherasan House: P. O. News Co^ Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House : Auditorium Hotel.
WASHrCCTOS <T». C\ OFFICE.. . .14rtfl ti St.. 3J. W.
3IORTON E. CRA\E, Coo-respondent.
BHASfCH OFFICES— -6?7 Montgomery, eomer of Clay, open
rntll I'.SO o'clock. JCO Hayes, open until t:S9 o'clock. 633
McAllister. <r»n dbUI 9:30 o'clock. CIS LarMn. open until
• :30 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
rrrr.tr Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until I o'clock, 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. .NW.
mrwr Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
S!00 Fnim©r^. or^n until 9 n. m.
A REMAR.KABL.K; engineering
:/\ achievement was the building at
/~\; Point Bonita for the Federal
; Government* of the 'wharf and
¦_ .tramway -Just completed. Lo
cated within the point, it is sheltered from
all directions except from the j southeast,
but storms from, this quarter are ~ very
rare and never of extreme violence. ;
For some years the* Government has
been promising to fortify the entrance of
the harbor, but it was not until the war
with Spain began that "actual work -was
Inaugurated. Construction of forts at
Point Lobos offered' no difficulties what
ever, but when the fortifications were un
dertaken on the opposite side of the bay
It was found that engineering talent of
the highest order would have to be em
ployed.
275 feet above the sea. It 13 built
In three sections. The first, 100x50 feet in
dimensions, forming the platform of the
wharf, is elevated fifteen f&et above the
bay. Section 2 Is 77x26 feet and. the third
section Is 204x26. The Incline of the tram
way Is one in ten.
A small detachment of United States ar
tillery under command of Lieutenant R.
F. Gardner is now stationed at the site of
the new fort.
REMARKABLE ENGINEERING FEAT
IS ACCOMPLISHED AT POINT BONITA
would virtually mean taxing British trade for the 'sake
of foreign Governments. ; ' :¦ ¦
/Lansdownewent on to say the British Government
proposes that China shall pay no money : down' at all,
but shall, give to the_ powers concerned bonds repre
senting the share due to each of these powers, \which
bonds may be extinguished by payment of principal
and' interest. Obviously, if any power chose to guar
antee its own share of the bonds to purchasers, that
would be its own affair. For the service of the bonds,
to be issued by China" in the manner described Lo'rd
Lansdowne thought it should be possible to specify
certain sources of Chinese revenue, the yield of which
might be paid at frequent intervals to a board or coun
cil, whose-specific and sole business it would be to
receive the money and distribute it among the cred- /
itor powers. Such a board would' be merely a re
ceiving board, and would not be directly concerned in
the imposition or collection of Chinese taxes.-
There are of course serious objections to that plan.
The United States ¦Government, has indicated a will
ingness to waive a money indemnity altogether and
to accept in place df it "increased commercial privi
leges." That proposal has led certain financiers' to
discuss the feasibility of financing the whole loan in
return for the. privilege of operating railroads and'
mines in China. -.< In these days of billion dollar syn
dicates it .would not be difficult to float a loan of the
amount of the Chinese indemnity if big trade privi
leges were back of it. • v . r
Thus: the Governments and the financiers discuss
among themselves what shall be done to get out of
China what is not in China, and it must be admitted
that sometimes diplomatists have perplexing 1
problems. . ' •
SINCE the ¦ limitation of .the 1 action of the Dart
mouth College .decision, and the separation of
quasi-public corporations organized for profit
from those that are for religious and educational pur
poses, the doctrine of municipal control of the former
has had a' steady growth. Such control has not al
ways been wisely 1 directed. It was in the beginning 1 ,
contested by, the corporations," which relied on the
doctrine of vested . rights as asserted in the Dart
mouth case. But this -form of contest between the
corporations and the people was ended by "the Su
preme .Court ; in ¦ the 'so-called "Granger cases," in'
which Western railroads were involved. Since then
the principle of municipal control has developed
quite rapidly, and now has a .definite body of law
and well defined limitations. Such control must be
judicially exercised. Under the fourteenth amend
ment to the Federal . constitution the due process
of law has been clearly defined as the judicial process,
and life, liberty and property must have its benefit!
State railroad commissions must act judicially, and.
for that reason are now actually treated, as they will
soon be legally recognized, as courts of first instance.
Other public bodies' which fix rates for all kinds of
quasi-public corporations have assumed such func
tions judicially, greatly to the benefit of the public.
A decision by any of suchbodies is subject to the
same rules as if given by a court. ./There is a- recent
familiar instance of this in the Oakland water case.
The law of this State makes City Councils and Boards
of Supervisors the regulating and controlling author
ity in fixing water rates. . The habit of doing so
judicially has. not yet become fixed, and men -who
hold those positions* yield 1 to the temptation to get
votes and power by announcing in advance that Aey
will cinch the water company. Now this is the same
as if a Judge should announce in advance of a hear
ing his decision in a case that was to be tried before
him. Such prejudgment would of course vitiate his
decision.
Unaware of the judicial nature of their action and
of the dignity of the function they were about to ex
ercise, the members of the Council courted public
favor by announcing their hostility to the water
company and their intention to decide the rate ques
tion in a certain way. But they were dealing with a
litigable matter, and when it was litigated the un
pleasant fact was revealed that they had left the city
defenseless by their lack of judicial method. The
consequences are serious at present, but the projected
effect will "be good, since it puts all such public bodies
in this State on their caution, and warns them that if
their is to be really beneficial to the people
it must be in all respects judicial. Candidates for
those offices can no longer bid for votes by, pre
pledging themselves to do things which the courts
are sure for that reason to reverse, but which would
not be litigated at all if done judicially.
In the manner and benefit of public control of
quasi-public corporations, the State of Massachusetts
leads in this country. She comprehended and ac
cepted the judicial idea" of that function in the begin
ning. Her Railway Commission was made prac
tically a court of first instance, and thereby the
method was established for other public bodies
charged with the same functions. All of these bodies
have carefully worked out the general principle of
law that no corporation shall be permitted to do any
act that is of injury to the public. The Gas Commis
sion recommends consolidation and monopoly of the
electric lighting companies of Boston, but it also
forbids any watering of the stock of the combination,
and retains control of the rates. This establishment
of the principle that the State, the municipal 1 author
ity, may oversee the service rendered the public by a
corporation, and also forbid the issue of fictitious
securities in excess of the actual value of the prop
erty, is so salutary and sane that it deserves exami
nation, as a method in competition with municipal
paternalism.
If the country go forward on the Massachusetts
lines the trust problem will begin to reach a solution,
since the most offensive feature is the fictitious infla
tion of values by watering stock and over-issue of
securities. When the people have learned that cor
porate properties may increase in value and that the
only way to express that increase is by issuing more
stock, and that such operation is as legitimate as the
expression of increased land value by its rise in price,
but that increase of stock which represents no increase
in value is a fraud upon the public and a confidence
game upon the buyer of the inflated security, a long
step forward will have been taken to prove the su
periority of municipal control over municipal pater
nalism.
MUNICIPAL CONTROL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 1901.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Orfhwrn— Vaudeville-. •-
Columbia— "Heartsease."
Alcatar— "Countess Valeska." ',
Grand O?era-hous* — "Glsmonda."
Central— "A. NJrht at the Circus."
Tivoll— "The Toy Maker."
Olympla, corner Musin and Eddy streets— Specialties. ,
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville everr afternoon and
•venire.
Fischer* s— Vauderille.
Recreation Park — Baoeball.
Sixteenth and Folsom streets— Sdentlnc Boxing, Thursday,
July 4. . 1
Butre Baths— Rwlmtnlns.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
*caxi subscribers contemplating a chance of
Msldeaee dsriag tbe •nrnmer months can. hST«
*fc*lr paper forwarded by mall to their new
a« dresses U r notifying The Call Business Office,
*"»«» pa,>cr will also be on sale at all summer
¦¦¦urts and la represented by a local agest tm
¦U tawni *a the coast.
Special information , supplied daily to
business houses. and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 510 Mont-
eomery street- Telephone Main 1042. •
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace HoUl*
Cal. glace; fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
auctxok ma
By G. H. TTmbsen & Co.— Monday, July 24, at II o'clock.
Choice Property, at 14 Montgomery street.from a business polnfof view, but I have
too great a love for California to leave
now. My motto in this case is, 'let well
enough alone.' "
The issues of the trial are questions of
fact chiefly, and Judge Morrow has a
complicated problem to solve.
'The question in issue is whether the un
derground works of; the W. Y. O. D.
Quartz Mining Company have been ex
tracting ore from veins that have their
apex within the surface lines of the Penn
sylvania,
"I will appreciate it If you would kindly
place my name in the hands of the Board
of>: Election Commissioners for appoint
ment in any capacity and In any precinct,
to serve at the coming election. I have
served as deputy precinct registrar, and
I understand the science of making votes.
I am a Democrat and have been elected
two terms as Supervisor in a neighboring
State."
•W.. P. McLaughlin of Fourth and Bry
ant—streets, send3 the following unique
epistle to Registrar Walsh in applying for
a position:'
Knows How to Make Votes.
The Mehdoclno State Hospital filed four
suits yesterday In the Justice's Court to
recover moneys from the city for the care
of criminals who pending their trials were
adjudged insane and committed to the
asylum. For the care of Henry Williams,
who was charged *vith murder in 1898, the
State authorities demand $210; for the care
of Robert K> Hunt, charged with murder
in 1899.. $150 is asked; for Daniel King,
charged with robbery. $150 is sued for, and
for Leo Strassman, charged with assault
with intent to commit murder, $45 is re
quired.
Sue for Care of Criminal Insane.
Ex-Chief Lees was called, but -did not
answer, and the case was continued till
this morning, when he will be present to
testify as to the defendant's flight from
the city. "
The fifth trial of Peter McGlade on the
charge of forgery is drawing to a close
before Judge Burnett and a jury in Judge
Cook's court. A number of witnesses were
examined yesterday, but nothing of a sen
sational nature developed. The defend
ant's wife was in court as usual and took
a seat beside him. , She seemed to take as
much Interest in the case as the defend
ant, and sometimes prompted him in sug
gestions to his attorney. ; " ¦-¦¦' :
. J. J. Cathcart, . assistant bookkeeper In
the Street Superintendent's office at .the
time the defendant was bookkeeper, testi
fied that the signature in the forged Sul
livan demand | was - in the defendant's
handwriting. ; He was satisfied that part
of the, body of the demand was in the de
fendant's handwriting, but he was not so
sure about the other part. In answer to
a. question of the defendant's attorney he
said that it was his belief that the whole
of the demand ; was In McGlade's hand
writing. After considerable argument that
part of his testimony, was stricken out.
Theodore Kytka, the ( handwriting - ex
pert, testified that the handwriting and
signatureNin the Dwyer demand was in
the defendant's handwriting, and after ar
gument the demand was admitted as evi
dence. The District Attorney attempted
to get' the other demands alleged to be
forged admitted, but the Judge declined
to admit them without further authori
ties, and the matter was held in abeyance
until to-day. : ¦'.:..
John J. Lyons, another assistant book
keeper in the Street Department office,
testified that McGlade had always de
livered the demands to - the . office - of the
Board of Supervisors, excepting on one
or two occasions, when he did so himself.
John H. Ryan, clerk In the office of the
board, corroborated the witness.
Detective T. B. Gibson testified to meet
ing Deputy Sheriff Phillips of Deming, N.
M., at the Oakland mole along with De
tective Cody in: December, 1898, and ac
companying them across the bay to<.po
llce headcuarters. Afterward at the de
fendant's request they went with him and
the Deputy Sheriff to the Grotto for sup
per. Detective Cody corroborated him.
Sergeant H. H. Colby testified to sending
a dispatch to Demlnp to arrest .the de
fendant, and F. J. Ehrman testified to
having seen the defendant in the company
of Deputy Sheriff Phillips In Denilng in
December,' 1898. ' "
Defendant's Plight to Dem
ing and His *Arrest There
Is Shown.
Witnesses as to
the Forged Sullivan
• Demand.
M'GLADE'S TRIAL
NEARS THE END
"I have telegraphed a reply to Athens,
in which I expressed my sense of appre
ciation of the honor conferred upon me,
but declined to accept the position..
"I have been in California for two years
and feel that I do not care to make a
change. I have not had time to carry out
the work I outlined when I came' to this
city, and my relations with the members
of my churqh are too harmonious to be
severed suddenly. I like California and
San Francisco and have decided to re
main here. I feel that my. church has
need of me. It might be advantageous
for me to accept this offer, considering it
SAN FRANCISCO PASTOR WHO
HAS DECLINED THE PRESI
DENCY OF OHIO UNIVERSITY. ;
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information aslc U
M, Fletcher, 212 California, street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
The Grand Circle of Druidessea, finished
Jts Jabors at the morning session. Mrs.
M. Pitts was appointed grand, outside
guardian. '
A per capita ta^ of 25 cents was levied
to meet che expenses of the order during
the year.
Is was decided that the grand officers
should select the next place of meeting. -
The new officers were installed by Su
preme Herald J. F. Martinoni, after which
Mrs. Thornhill, the retiring noble, arch
Druidess. was presented with : a fine re
galia of her rank in, the order.
Juice S. God«>au, noble grand arch: C. Gus
llelmonl. deputy grand arch; John M. Graves,
grand secretary; F. J. Horn, grand treasurer;
George I>ck. grand marshal : M. Amaral. in
side Rruardian: E. Contat, outside guardian; J.
Nickels. A. M. Armstrong and F. de Legn,
crand trustees.
A committee composed of Brothers
Chase, Cavagnaro and Wagner, after the
adoption of a ' resolution of thanks to
Junior Past Noble Grand Arch. Henry
Lange, on behalf of the Grandi Grove pre
sented him with a magnificent gold watch
and chain In appreciation of the goon
work he had done for the order. - .. : '¦
There was quite a contest for the next
place of meeting. Salinas. Santa. Rosa,
San Francisco and Napa being candidates.
All had strong advocates, but Napa won
The following named were elected grand
officers for the current term and were in-
Stalled by Past Supreme Arch L. G.
Schord. assisted by Past Noble Grand
Arches James F. Martlnoni and Henry A.
Chase:
FrM Hufschmldt of Eureka Grove. A. Meyer
of Walhalla Grove, N\ Dimmer of Sigel Grove.
R C Holman of Madrona Grove, John Nafr
ziVer of MeVcefl Grove. G. Baglietto of Galileo
Grove. Jacob Graf of St. Helena Grove, L. G.
Weishaar of MayfleM fcrove. Constantino Mo
retto of William Tell Grove, F. Giraci of
Mazzini Grove. Henry Fleishman of Los An
peles Grove, A. C. Nunes of Acorian Grove, O.
B. Vallet&ia of Semplone Grove.
The session of the Grand Grove of the
United Ancient Order of Druids of Cali
fornia was brought to a close yesterday
and adjourned to meet next year in Napa.
The case of Cardoza against Hesperian
Grove was referred to the grove for a new
It was estimated that the expenses for
the current Druidic year would amount
to $47R9 25. and to meet this a per capita
tax of 80 cents was levied. The estimated
revenue for the year was placed at $7300.
Judge George H. Buck of Redwood City,
past noble grand arch, was reported^ very
sick, so the grand body sent him a letter
of sympathy. ¦ ~
The Grand Grove appropriated the sum
of S2.V) to pay the expenses of entertain
ing the grand officers and representatives
at the next session. ¦
The committee on honored dead present
ed a report in memory of the following
named members of the order who died
during the past year:
Next Grand Grove £>es
sion Will Be Held in
City of Napa.
DRUIDS ELECT
NEW OFFICERS
I 1 NFORMATION was received in this
city yesterday that the Rev. Dr. S.
E>. Hutslnpiller. pastor of the Cen
tral Methodist Episcopal Church, lo
cated on Mission street, had been
unanimously elected president of the Ohio
University of .Athens. Ohio,
When seen last evening at his residence
Dr. Hunsinpiller stated that last Satur
day he had received a letter from General
Charles Grosvenor of Ohio asking him to
accept the presidency of the Ohio Col
lege.
"I -was not a candidate for the pesl
tlon," said Dr. Hutslnpiller, "and I at
once wired to General . Grosvenor re
questing that my name be not put for
ward as a candidate. The retiring presi
dent of the college also joined in asking
me to become Ms successor.
The Rev. Dr. Hutsinpiller was formerly
pastor of a church In Athens, Ohio, and
General Grosvenor and President Super
were members of his congregation. He
filled many pulpits In the State of Ohio,
and left a pastorate in Erie, Pa., to ac
cept the call to the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church In this city.
"To-day I received a telegram inform
ing me that the faculty, student body
and the people of Athens had decided
upon my selection as successor to Presi
dent Super, and the trustees of -the col
lege were unanimous In electing me.
It was not known for some time what
had happened, but a spectacular illumina
tion of the sky Indicated that some celes
tial body had struck the earth. The" paper
does not contain any definite Information
as to the size of the meteor. A party has
started from Altar to visit the spot where
it fell and information is expected.
In Tucson Charley Hoff and Herb
Drachman saw the meteor as It passed
toward the southwest. Although the sun
¦was high in the heavens the meteor Illu
minated the sky and left a trail of fire.
The place where it is supposed to have
fallen Is between the pueblos of Altar and
Las Molinas, or about 129 miles from
Tucson.
A report was given by prospectors who
just returned from Sonora that the me
teor covered an acre of ground and was
buried In ihe desert sands. These prospect-"
ore stated that they were crossing the
desert and saw the meteor coming. They
were eo terrified that they only stopped
to look back and see where it had fallen.
They hurried out of the country, fearing
that other meteors would fall In that
vicinity. A party will be organized in
Tucson to visit the spot where the meteor
fell.
TUCEOX. Ariz.. June 20.— An immense
meteor has fallen in Sonora. El Progreso,
& Spanish weekly paper, which was re
ceived to-day, says that the people of
Altar, where the paper is published, were
terrified on June 11 at 10 o'clock in the
morning by a shock as though an earth
quake had begun. Buildings were shaken
and a great report was heard. The peo
ple at Las Molinas also heard the report,
and settlements at a distance of fifteen
miles from the spot where the meteor lell
felt the thock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Shock as of Earthquake
Alarms Residents
of Sonora.
METEOR RENDS
DESERT GROUND
Pecrttary Rosenberg of the San Fran
c^fco Labor Council vis'ted a number of
the unions last night and addressed the
members. He urged them to continue the
Ftrupjde for shorter hours. He was greet
ed with applause Et every meeting, and
riven assurance that the men would con
tinue out.
The ironworkers say they are not v/or
ryir.s: over the condition of affairs. Every
mcchanic is "standing pat," say the offi
cials of the unions, despite rumors of men
returning to v."ork.
The statement published in an evening
paper that some of the proprietors of bar-
Y-fr shops w?re contemplating removing
ihe union cards is emphatically denied' by
zhn Master Barbers' Association.
Prepidr-nt. Walter Molloy: vice president,
Tr^u Ewald; recordfhg secretary. H. D. Pohl
itiann; financial secretary. F. Eilllntrton:
treasurer, James J. McCartha; sergeant at
nrn-p. J. Peters: executive committee — J. J.
Frr.tth. J. Peters. J. J. Kenny, E. T. Layne
find E. Gorman; delegate to San Francisco
l/shcr Council. J. P. FitzsimmonF: delegates to
>:ii»-<5 PrinMng- Trades Council— E. A. Wands,
J. P. Kitrff?niT«ons and J. Mapinnis"; trustees —
Fred Ewald, A. J. Dlckson and H. E. Calli
nan.
Ean Francisco Stereetypers' Union No.
r5 has elected the following named ofli
cprs to serve for the ensuing year:
Strikers Are Still Finn.
President. John Blakr; v'ce president. J. ft.
Mohr: treasurer. J. J. Peterson: financial sec
retary. E. J. Reynolds: recordlnc s»cretair.
J- La Torri*: wrgr-ant-at-arms, J. Higgrins;
assistant frgeant-at-arms. G. Poach: trus
tees. J. McDermoU, J. Xoo'«es and A. Homes;
aid committee. V. J. Harrison, D. A. Des
mond and J. H. llonaghan.
At a meeting of the Coal Teamsters'
T'nlon held last Tuesday night the foUow-
Ing named officers were elected and in
stalled:
The members of the Retail Delivery
TVaeon I>rlvers received their working
cards last night and adopted a button.
They also voted a subscription for thje
strikers.
At the meeting of the Stationary En
gine Firemen's Union, held at 1133 Mission
street last n<ght. four new members were
initiated. Though this union has only
been in existence since May 31 it has
thirty-two members on its roll and many
applications for membership on 'file.
The United Garment "Workers .met in
their hall on O'Farrell street last night
nr.d nominated officers.- The election takes
place next Thursday, and as there are nu
merous candidates for each office a lively
time is expected. Twenty new members
tvere Initiated. The Garment Workers are
arranging for n ball, to be given at Odd
Fellows' Hall on Ausrust 3.
The Ship Drillers' Union held an en
thusiastic meeting last night at 1159 Mis
sion street. Two candidates were ini
tiated and nominations for officers were
made. Secretary Rosenberg of the Labor
Council addressed the meetlnsr, urging the
members to stand fast in their struggle
for shorter hours. He j was heartily
cheered.
President. John ?-lartin; vice president. Wal
lace PturpesF: recording secretary. John Ho
tem; financial secretary. H. Spargur; treas
urer. T. Woods; guard. E. Watts: puide. H.
Ttieh; trustees. Bonar W«>lt and G. P. Daly;
dplejrate to I^abor Council. James Guinnane:
«5«>I«>s:ate« to Retail Trades Council. Bonar
Wilt. W. Turner and Henry Stultz.
At a meeting of the Broommakers'
T'nlon held last night favorable reports
¦vrfre made concerning the fight against
Oiiriese labor. The following named of
ficers were elected to serve the union for
the ensuing year:
Against Chinese Labor.
Resolved. That we take immediate steps to
rtart oo-operative restaurants, if^. our .union
cards are removed from restaurant windows
A the bidding of the said Employers' Asso
ciation.
Resolved. That we call the attention, of the
fair restaurant keepers of this city to the fact
that we have used all legitimate means to no
tify the public that their places of business
are fair to orjranized labor: and be it further
Whereas. Rumors of Intimidation are rife
throughout the city that restaurants • will be
refused meat on Monday, morning next unless
th» ?=ald union cards are removed; and
Whereas, We recognise in these sinister ru
mors the eystematie efforts of a band of
anonymous employers to disrupt organized la
bor by open and barefaced intimidation; there
for*, be it
Whereas. It ls*»ileped that a. meeting of the
fair and unfair restaurant keepers of this city
has been called in the Shlels building to
bring pressure to bear on the fair restaurant
keercrs to remove the union cards from their
windows; and
Whereas. It has come to the notice "of the
executive committee of the Retail Trades
Council that an association of employers in
this city is making an organized attack on
the Cooks' and Walters' and Bakers* unions;
and
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the Retail Trades Council held last
night the executive committee of the
Cooks' and Walters' Union reported that
the fiftieth day of the strike found the
men who walked out more determined
than ever to win their cause. They re
ported receiving liberal support from the
unions of San Francisco, and claimed
there were but few restaurants remain
ing on the unfair list
The following resolution was adopted:
Retail Trades Council Plans
Opening Co-Operative
Restaurants.
The Cooks and "Waiters
Claim They Are Not
Losing Fight.
LABOR TROUBLES
ARE UNSETTLED
ttheSsa^
Pastor Declines the Honor,, Stating That He Prefers to Remain in
This City and Continue Work in Pulpit of Central Metho
dist, Episcopal Church, Which Is in Need of His Services
REV. DR. HUTSINPILLER IS 0FRERED
PRESIDENCY OF OHIO UNIVERSITY
The trial has been in progress before
Judge Morrow without' a jury for about
two months and • the evidence has been
of a technical nature, geology and ' min
ing engineering being the subject matter.
The contention is between the Grass Val
ley Exploration Company, represented by
Attorneys John Garber and Moore, ami
the Pennsylvania Consolidated Mining and
Development Company, represented by
Curtis H. Lindley and J. Little. - >
The last of the evidence in the Grass
Valley mining cases was put in yester
day in the United States j Circuit Court
and next Thursday the arguments will be
heard. Each side will be given half a
day, but it is not expected that all this
time will.be consumed. -
IText : Thursday.
GEASS VALLEY MINING
CASES ARE CLOSED
Argument Before United States Cir
| cuit Judge Morrow Will Be Heard
7
It Is safe to say that the regular persistent
use of Stuart's Dyspepela Tablets at meal time
will cure any form of stomach trouble except
cancer of the stomach.
Full sized . packagV of these tablets sold by
druggists at SO cents. Little book on stomach
troubles mailed free. Address F. A. Stuart Co.,
Marshall. Mich. _« ;..
This can be done by the regular uso after
meals of some safe, pleasant and effective di-
gestive preparation, like Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets, which, may be found at most drug
stores, and which' contains valuable, harmless
digestive elements In a pleasant, convenient
form.
The most sensible treatment for heart trou-
ble Is to Improve the digestion and- to Insure
the prompt assimilation of food.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood, making
It thin and watery, which irritates and weaJcena
the heart.
In another way, also the heart Is affected by
the form of poor digestion, which causes gas
and fermentation from half digested food.
There. is a feeling- of oppression and heaviness
in the chest caused by pressure' of the distended
stomach on the heart and lungs, Interfering
with their action; hence arise's palpitation and
short breath.
The close relation between heart trouble and
poor digestion is because both organs- are, con-
trolled by the same great nerves — the Sympa-
thetic and Pneumogastric.
Heart trouble, at least, among the Americans,
is certainly Increasing, and while this may be
largely due to the excitement and worry of
American business life. It is more often the re-
sult of weak stomachs, of poor digestion.
Heal organic disease Is incurable; but not one
case in a hundred of heart trouble Is organic.
AMUSEMENTS.
AUCTION SALE.
REFEREE'S SALE.
. By Order of Court.
All Choice Properly
MONDAY, JUNE 24, 1901,
A£«12 noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.,
"No. 14 Montgomery Street.
Jessie and Second Streets.
Elegant business property; north line of
Jessie st., 57:6 west of Second St., thence west
40 feet by 69 feet: now leased to the Sharan
estate (used by Fire Patrol Service): present
Kround rent $75: lease will -spire May 1, 1903.
•when building can be purchased at two-thlril3
of Its appraised valuation." • • -
Washington and Drumm. Streets.*
Washington st., north line, between Drumm
and East sts., -95 feet east of Drumm; 60 feet
by 60 ¦ feet: ground rent $£> per mon*h: no
lwise; an elegant income if p-oper.y Improved.
Dupont and Sacramento Streets.
Best income property In ;te city; 719 Dnpont
I St.. between Sacramento and Clay sts.; lot 22:9
xllO to Waverly place; three-story and base-
ment brlcJc, new, modern building; rents $190
per month. . . '
Corner Fifteenth and Julian Avenue.
Fine building location; S. E. cor. Fifteenth
Et. and Julian ave. : 84 feet on Fifteenth st. by
155 feet on Julian ave.: ready for building; -will
sell as a whole or in five subdivisions.
For further particulars apply to referees,
J. T. HARMES, 626 Market St.
Q. H. UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery S i
P. J. SULLIVAN, Parrott Building.
Upalace hotel** I
• ¦ • t ¦'
. Visitors to San Francisco who mako
. their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American aad European plans.
HOTEL*. ;
l/l/' T. HESS,
K0TARY PUBLIC AND ATT0SNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckels Bids.
. .. ¦¦ Telephone Brown 931.
Kesldence, 821 California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco. ¦ '
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
HENRY MILLER
— — SEASON —
Last Times Here of the Great Success,
"HEARTSEASE."
Limited Engagement Beginning Next
Monday Night.
SH-UNDER2FLAGS
By Arrangement "With DAVID BELASCO.
Paul St." Potter's 5-Aci Drama on Ouida's No'/el
The Entire N. Y. Scenery and Co.— 120 People.
Including BLANCHE BATES »R*'Ci*«retteM
* - SEAT SALE NOW . IN PROGRESS.
BEFORE S'N FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
": SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.. 2 P.'M.,
JACK MOFFAT
OF CHICAGO
VS.
GEORGE^GARDNER
, „ OF BOSTON.
FOR MIDDLE-WEIGHT .
CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE WORLD.
AL NEILL of San Francisco
•'^-' ¦;¦¦ " .- i\: a/s. ¦
CHARLES (Dutch) THUrtSTON.
TWENTY ROUNDS EACH.
' ; ; BASEBALL.
OAKLAND vs.' SAN FRANCISC?.
TO-DAY v AND. SATURDAY
AX 3:1S F», 7V\.
S UN DAY AT 2;30 P.^ Al.
RECREATION F*ARK,
Eiehth.and Harrisoa itreeta.
BEST BILL IN YEARS.
ODELU -WILLIAMS AND CO., EZRA KEN-
DALL. COLE AND DELOSSE, ED LATELL.
LESTER REEVES. GARDNER AND MAD-
DERS," DOHERTT BISTERS, THE BIO-
GRAPH, f
THE WONDERFUL EAST INDIA PYGMIES.
Fatma and Smaun.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, EOc.
. Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
Fatma and Smaun. the Pygmies, win hold a
reception to children after all matinees during
their engagement.
fJLf H SAT R eT^A r
LAST THREE NIGHTS
ONLY MATINEE. SATURDAY.
'FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
JULIA MARLOWE'S Latest Triumph.
COUNTESS VALESKA
ORCHESTRA. FIRST SIX ROWS, 73c
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEKt
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
SAFHO.
*T E V(9 LI*.
"AND STILL THEY'RE FLOCKING TO
SEE IT."
EVENINGS AT 9.
BRING THE "CHILDREN.
ANOTHER TOY SOUVENIR MATINEE oa
SATURDAY, June 22d, at 2.
THE
JULY 1— "BABES IN THE WOODS."
POPULAR PRICES ; ..25c and 50a
Telephone— Bu3h 9.
BEtA$COA"*T§tAU&jfcf(Vp
» ¦ *^ UtlSit CI7Y tt£L\
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Ev*ss.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Nellie McHenry*8 Great Farce Comedy
ANIGHT AT
THE CIRCUS
Nothing but fun from beginning to end.
Introduclr.fr ; up-to-date Specialties.
TOU'LL SHOUT. SCREAM AND ROAR.
pJ/i/'Ly Evenings 10c, 15c. 23c. 33c. 50o
IIlIVi.-^ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25o
NEXT MONDAY— Mammoth Revival of
"uncle -rom.-f=i a*miP4."
Produced on a Scale of Magnificence Never
Before Approached on This Coast.
.EXTRA MATINEE NEXT WEDNESDAY.
CRAN- OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
ANOTHER WONDERFUL TRIUMPH.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE In Sardou's
1 Strongest Play.
" GISMONDA."
First Time on Any Stage at Popnlar Price*.
A SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH OF MIS3
FLORENCE STONE will be presented to every
one attending the Saturday matinee.
• Popular Prices— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c. .
Good Orchestra Seat, all Matinees. 25c.
•BRANCH TICKET OFFICE. EMPORIUM.
. Next Week— Melbourne MacDowell In Fedorv
CHUTES AND_Z00 ¦SFiSSy?
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
. Including
THE TOBINS, , Direct Froift the . Orphetun.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
BIG CAKEWALK,
Telephone for Seats, Park. 23.
PIQPHPR'C; CONCERT HOUSE.
. CHARITY MARTIN. Slg. Abramoff, " Paras-
kova" Sandoline. Ermaj Wing, the Juggling
GUlens. .Ed B. Adams, the Samayoas. Alice
Barrium and Stanley and Walton.
Reserved Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF>E1N NIGHTS. "
Open Dally. from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m. » "
' Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c
Bathing, Ineludlss admlsiion. 23c; children, 23a
But few. persons who dive Into" the sea
of matrimony manage to secure pearls.
Trouble.
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid Increase of Heart
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
s^^^^^^^^^^~ that dreadful fiend "that threatens the
W^^X} e °^ r and poor, can attack and
kill only those whose bowels are not
k ept thoroughly cleaned out, purified
and disinfected the year round. One
whose liver is dead, whose bowels
and stomach are full of half decayed
I iood, whose whole body is unclean
" ls^ e > * s a -.quick and ready victim
If you want to be safe against the
w^^^^^^^^^^^^^^-r^^^^' scourge, keep in good health all the "
(f^^^^^^^^^^l time, KEEP CLEAN INSIDE! Use
VM^^^^\\'§\\U^\\ \i WM ttP onI V tonic ¦ laxative, that will
y>- miTTf! fTTQItll^tf'" make your bowels strong and healthy,
' K^^ s^^^^^^^^^^'^ and/keep them pure and clean, pro^
/Z^^^^^ jfe^l^^^^^^fei tected against appendicitis and ALL
H^^ m^^p« , EPIDEMIC DISEASES. It's CAS-
U A(^^ s=^" CARETS, that will keep and save
¦J/^S/ifi you. Take them regularly and you.
ly—- -^ j!ll^3S ~~ will find that all diseases are absolutely
ALL DRUGGISTS. ias^^^^ri^r^MjiiJ^MMitt^^^^'^^^ q^t t-v r\T "RTH TT
,,-.-,-....¦;•'' : • ¦ ' , uULy 11N DULlVi
¦ Alinr »J1- bowel troubles, appendicitis,' Ml- Ati pa p± m RBrcaraicairak TOCXTKEj Five veam n~»
§ ' 3 S 8J §¦ Ious » c »*i breath, bad blood, wind H S I H IJ fil il T L L il the flr.t box of CASCAK*
QEniiin on tlie "tomach, bloated bowels, fonl ¦ 1 1 9 S ES II 5Jl I SB 1 w* a" K H ETSirm sold. Kowitu
VVllw monlli, licadaclio, Indigestion, pimples, VwfiillsuBV u CmSaosJf over clx million boxes n
• I »"" -HMd»e in the world. ?&K?tt&2m*&*SVb
people than all other diseases together. - It Is a money i-ef uncled. Oo tony today, two fiOc boxes, *lTe them a
. starter for the chronic ailments and long yedra of - : x»»r, honest trial, as per simple directions, nndlfyon are
!?; ' BuflTcrlns that come aflerwards. No matter xvilut , not latliOed, aileriutitirane&Ocbos, retaratliennnMdSOc -
nils von, start lakinsr CASCARRTS Co-dav for von ' '' ' "°^ ana the empty Imx to us by mall, or the druggist from
will nfiwr^Pt wpII »n^ l.« wMi nil ti« Jm« nl?n whom you purchased It, and get yonr money back for both
Win never get well and be well all the time until ; ; boxes. Take onr advice- bo matter what all* yon-atart to-
•¦• y< V?JSlZS?tSSSL el> rtSHt.-VY.Take onr advice; start day.' 'Health will qnTcUWfouS wand '££ «m^es?th«di£^ ' '
wllh CASOARETS to-day, under an absolute gnar- :T? I >flrststartedthenfteof i CASCAltET&. Book free by mall,
antee to euro or money refunded. ; _ .., ¦ iU '^' '.''-.. : iddr ess: SXEULISQ BEHEOY CO.; AEW XOBK or CHICAGO, r ., :>¦'poses. This and - the subsidence of the talk
regarding the St. Paul-Union Pacific deal suf
ficiently explain the dullness and heavinewi of
the speculation.
The bond market was moderately active anl
Irregular. Total sales, par value, $2,92O/pOO.
United States bonds all unchanged on tho
last call.
/ . NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ... Closing
Sold. Stocks— . » Bid.
21.100 Atchlson •• 88%
7,500 Atchison prefd 104%
1,200 Baltimore & Ohio 103%
1.000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 91%
600 Canadian Pacific 104
300 Canada Southern 72
1,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 48%
600 Chicago & Alton 45%
200 Chicago & Alton prefd 79
Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 198%
300 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 38%
100 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 73
1.400 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 130
25,600 Chicago & Great Western 25H
300 Chicago & Great Western A prefd. 88%
100 Chicago & Great Western B prefd. 53
100 Chicago & Northwestern 198
300 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific. ...16S%
300 Chicago Terminal & Trans 23%
200 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd... 43%
4,600 S, C, C & St Louts 87
200 Colorado Southern 14T»
ICO Colorado Southern 1st prefd 50% .
Colorado Southern 2nd prefd >22%
200 Delaware & Hudson 166
4 200 Delaware, Lack & West 236
... Denver & Rio Grande- ol'.i
3"0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 99%
10.100 Erie Ws
200 Erie 1st prefd •••• '074
Erie 2nd prefd *>6%
400 Great Northern prefd 1?6
200 Hocking Valley 55
200 Hocking Valley prefd 87k
3,700 Illinois Central H"
16.400 Iowan Central *V*
10.200 Iowa Central prefd >o%
1,100 Lake Erie & Western 60
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
400 Louisville & Nashville ...» 110
4.500 Manhattan L 122V*
1.500 Metropolitan Street Railway 1<3
1.000 Mexican Central 2a
1,400 Mexican National 11 ,
4.S00 Minneapolis & St Louis 108%
2,200 Missouri Pacific 120U
300 Missouri. Kans & Texas j 31%
400 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefjd 64'^
200 New Jersey Central 160%
2 900 New York Central 156^
200 Norfolk & Western 53V4
Norfolk & Western prefd 89
Northern Pacific ,...120
Northern Pacific prefd $>\
1,900 Ontario & Western 3i
11.2C0 Pennsylvania 1^1?*
3,400 Reading ; +«%
1.500 Reading 1st prefd • '9
4,100 Reading 2nd prefd 5.%
¦ 10.100 St Louis & San Francisco 52%
100 St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. 76%
3.300 St. Louis & San Fran 2nd prefd 75Vi
St Louis Southwestern 33%
800 Et Louis Southewestern prefd 67Vi
34,600 St Paul ,- --1J8H
fit Paul prefd .190%
13.509 Southern Pacific 59Vi
3,400 Southern Railway 33%
500 Southern Railway prefd 87%
2,300 Texas & Pacific 4<>?4
3W Toledo. St Louis & West 22%
500 Toledo, Et Louis & West prefd 36%
34,800 Union Pacific •• Ill
500 Union Pacific prefd 90%
1,700 Wabash 22%
£00 ¦vi'abash prefd 42>4
600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 20%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 32%
700 Wisconsin Central — '. 24
200 Wisconsin Central prefd .*.. 47
P C C & St Louis 79
Express Companies—
Adams -175
American i 200
100 United States 91
Wells Fargo 150
Miscellaneous —
37,200 Amalgamated Copper 124%
6,700 American Car & Foundry 32%
1.400 American Car & Foundry prefd 87%
200 American Linseed Oil 23
400 American Linseed Oil prefd 49%
R00 American Smelting & Ref... 56%
1,500 American Smelting & Ref prefd 104%
8.300 American Tobacco 138%
2.3P0 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
8,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 81%
7.5C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 114Vi
100 Consolidated Gas 222
2.300 Continental Tobacco 68%
500 Continental Tobacco prefd i.119%
1,800 General Electric .263
400 Glucose Sugar Cl
2,300 Hocking Coal 23V4
500 International Paper 23
200 International Paper prefd. ..t 77U
500 International Power \ 96
Laclede Gas .' 84
1,800 National Biscuit 45
400 National Lead 23
4"0 National Salt 43%
100 National Salt prefd 77%
1,200 North American 104
Pacific: Coast 72
300 Pacific Mail 41
2.S00 People's Gas HS'i
LlOO Preecsed Steel Car 44%
100 Pressed St£el Car prefd S5
Pullman Palace Car 1 208
9>C00 Republic Steel 22U
1.000 Republic Steel prefd 76
7.KO0 Sugar 142%
23,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 69%
500 Union Bag &. Paper Co 17%
Union Bag & Paper Co prefd 73%
1,400 United States Lsather 13%
100 United States Leather. prefd 7S%
300 United States Rubber 20%
100 United States Rubber prefd.. 61V4
25,300 United States Steel 48%
7,400 United States-Steel prefd 98%
1,600 Western Union, ex dlv.. 91V4
4S7.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 106U|N T Y C lstB 107%
Do coupon 107 IN J C gen' as 132%
Do 3s reg 108% N Pacific 3s 72%
Do 3s coupon 10S% Do 4s ..105%
Do new 4s reg.. .138% N Y C & St L 4s. .106%
Do new 4s coup.. 138% n & W con 4s ..103
Do old 4s reg 112U Or Nav lsts 109
Do old 4s coup.. .113% Do 4s .....103%
Do 5s reg 10S% Or Short I»lne 6s. .130
Do Cs coupon 108% Do con 5s 119%
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..126 Reading gen 4s 88%
Atchison gen 4s...lO4M R G W lsts. 103'
Do adj 4s ...98% |5t L & I M con 5a. 117%
Canada So 2ds 108% fit'L & S F gen 6s.l3fiVi
Ches &.O 4%s.....lO8% Pt Paul cons 187
Do 5s 116% fit P C & P lsts. ..118
Chi & N con 7s 142% Do 5s 119%
Do S F deb 5s.. .122 R Pacific 4s 93%
, Chicago Term 4s... S6Vi S Railway 5s... 119
I Colorado So 4s 89% Btand R & T 6s... 64
D & R G 4s 103% Tex & Pac lsts.... 1181,4
Erie general 4s 90% Do 2ds.. 99
F W & D C lsts. -.107% Union Pacific 4s.. .108%
Gen Electric 5s.... 185% Wabash lsts .119"
Iowa Cent lsts 113 Do 2ds 111%
L & N unt «s;......104U West Shore 4s U5U
M K & T 2ds 86% Wise Cent 4s.. 92
Do 4s 99 ' Va Centuries 96%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - Westlnghse Elec... 68
Call loans.. 3 03% Bondfr—
•Time loans 3%@4% Atehlson 4s ..103%
Stocks— N E Gas & C 5s... 60
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 88% Mining Shares-
Do prefd 104V. Adventure :.'. 17
American Sugar... 142% Bingham Co........ 22U
Do prefd 122% Amalg Copper 124'i
Amer Telephone.. ..158% Atlantic ...35 |
Boston & Albany.. 255 Boston & "Mont 493
Boston Elevated... 178 Calumet & HecIa..8O5
Boston & Maine... 193 Centennial 28%
Dominion Coal 42% Franklin ........ n
Do prefd.. ...... ..113% Humboldt 25
U S Steel 48% Osceola SVA
Do prefd 98*« Parrot 531?
Pitchburg prefd... 143% Quincy 17*'"
Mexican Central... 28% Santa Fe Copper..'. 6*i :
N E Gas & Coke.. 8% Tamarack ....335
Did Dominion...... 32*4 Utah Mining 29U
Rubber 20% Winona 2"
'Union Pacific 110% Wolverines .:.; 5S
West End...: 95 '
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little'Chlef.; 13
Alice ; 47 Ontario 8 75
Breece 153 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con..:. 16 Phoenix.... 13 :
Comstock Tunnel.- 05% Potosl .*..-... 07 ;
<"on Cal & Va.....2 05 Savage v; 05*
Deadwood Terra.; 65 Sierra Nevada....! 18
Horn Silver....... 1 23 Small Hopes...... 40
Iron Sliver ......18 Standard 3 65-
Leadvllle Con 05 . -. " <*» ¦
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The prcfFure has risen slowly over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. A de
pression or some depth overlies the Mexican
boundary and imay cause cloudy weather gen
erallr in Arizona.
The temperature has risen from 10 to 12 de
grees along the Sierra and in the foothills. In
the great valleys warm and favorable weather
• for ripening fruit is reported.
Rain has fallen from Astoria northward and
a thunderstorm is reported at Kalispel. • ¦
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hrurs eniir.s midnight. June 21, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Friday, with warm
weather in the interior and northerlv winds
cool, fojrgy weather on the coast, with west
erly winds.
Southern California — Fair Friday: warm
weather in the interior; light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday and continued warm
weather: light northwest winds.
- Utah— Fair Friday; warmer; light northerly
winds,
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday:
lisfct westerly winds.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday
fresh westerly winds with foe in the after
noon. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Temperature 7 a. m.. 49 degrees.
.VEGETABLES^-Rhubarb, i 25@65c per . box ;
Asparagus; -$1 75<S2 25 .for large,. $1 25©1 50. per
box- for No.; 1 and 40c®$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
$1@1 25 per sack;. ; String Beans, , l@3c; ; Cab
bage. ¦ 60@75c -> per '• ctl ; '. Tomatoes. from Los
Anceles. . COS Sic; from .Winters. 75c® SI: : Dried
ONIONS— Australians, jobbing, at $3 7o(®4;
New Red.-33?Iu5c per sack; New Yellow, 8-oc©
$l;per ctl. -..-«•- •; ¦¦ -. . - ¦ •; • - . ¦ • . ¦ ¦ ¦ .
.. POTATOES— Burbanks. $1 305*1 65 for Oregon;
New Potatoes, $1 15@1 75 for- Burbanks; $1 40@
1 50 for .Garnet Chiles and $1 15@1 50 for Early
Rose in i boxes. '• '• ; . • ' • ¦
: The Vegetable .market is ' heavily . supplied
and 'easy, and prices are very much as • before
quoted.- Tomatoes' and . Cucumbers are weak,*
while Squash is decidedly lower. • , ' . ' , . .
Rocelpts of • Potatoes ': are normal [ and , prices
show little change. Onions are weak. .
.".A- carl of Burbanks from Minnesota, sold at
$1 80 per ctl." .;:.;";''..:¦'•;..••;• 7 '
SEEDS — Brown :; Mustard, j nominal; '.Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50i@3; Canary, ' 3%©
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2®
2Mic: Hemp. 3^c; Timothy. 6%c.\. , ¦
'DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $160 per ctl.,
Potatoes, Onions and V'egetables.-
' BEANS— Bayos, . $2^45<S2 60; Small White, $4 80
(So; Large White, $!@4 20: Pink,> $1 40@l 70;
Red. $3®3 23; Blackeye. $3 10(33 25; Llmas, $6 25
@6 35; Pea. nominal: i Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
The market continues neglected and feature
less. ¦' ' . '¦ : • ' ¦- • " ¦
Beans' and Seeds.
HAY— New. $8@10 for .Wheat. $7 50(39 50 for
Wheat and Oat and $4<f?7 50 for Volunteer. Old
Is quoted as follows: Volunteer. $.><gS: Wheat,
$11(3)12 50;' Wheat and'Oat. $10@12; Oat, $9@
11 50; Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Bar
ley.' nominal, per ton. ¦ v
STRAW— 25@47V4c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 50@17 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@26; Job
bing. $26 50; Cocoanut Cake.. $170)18; Corn Meal,
$28^29: Cracked Corn, $28 50@29 50; Mixed Feed,
$16 60!?M7 50. ... •
MIDDLINGS-J19 50^21 per ton.
• Hay dealers continue, to report a weak mar
ket and made slight concessions yesterday to
"ffect Vales. The range of quotations remains
as before, however. " : ''
Middlings have advanced $1 and Bran 50c per
ton. Other FeedstulTs are unchanged.
j BRAN— $17 50@18 5n per ton.
Hay and.Feedstuffs.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to ; the trade: ¦ 'Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3; ex
tra cream do. $3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy.
$3 75<??4; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 ?5f»7 83;
In sacks. SG(S.7 60: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. ¦ .
FLOUR— California Family extras. $3 25®
3 50, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers'. $2 73
@3. '
Flour and Millstuffs.
' .CORN— Small round Yellow, $t 50; > Eastern
Yellow, $1 27%@1 30; White. $1 30; mixed.
$1 27%.
RYE — 75?TS0c per ctl. * -V ¦
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 " per ctl,
ex-warehouse.
OATg — The appearance of the new crop is
weakening the market, and red and black are
lower. Other descriptions show no change, but
the feeling Is 'weak all around, with a very
slack demand. White, $1 42^(3)1 55; Surprise,
$1 5O«J1 65; Rod, $1 20(31 35; Black, $1 17%@1 27%
per ctl.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
' Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December— 4000
ctls, 68c; 4000. 68%c.
, Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 63%c.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed, 71%@72V4c fcr No. 1 and 70c for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 75ig80c;
Chevalier, nominal. • |
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. $1 01%: 10.000, $1 01%.
: Second Session — No sales. -
; Regular Morning Session— No sales. . -J
•Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls,
$1 01%.- ¦ - • . . •
BARLE1'— There Is no change to report. The
market continues dull. :
CALL BOARD SALES,
'Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; milling, $1®
1 02% per ctl. •¦ ¦• « ....
This rr.arket was unchanged and very dull.
WHEAT— The markets everywhere were
quiet and featureless. Liverpool futures were
weaker. Chicago fell off several fractions, op
erators as a rule being bearish. Commission
houses did considerable buying at 68Uc.
IV heat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days.l.... — $4 86^i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling cables ' — 4 so
New York Exchange, sight — . 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraph.. — 15
Silver, per ounce, — >. S9%
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 49V4 ' @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Gas stocks •" continued in demand yesterday
morning, though sales were smaller. Gas &
Electric sold at $42 50® 43 and Pacific Gas at
$43. The other stocks were quiet. Oceanic sold
at »50. The oil stocks showed no fluctuations
worthy of note. . "
Business was quiet all around in the after
noon.
... The following were ex-dlvidend yesterday:
Spring Valley Water, 42c; Central Light &
Ptfwer, 4c; Hutchinson Sugar, 20c; California
Fruit Canners. 60c ; California Powder, JL
STOCK A2HD. BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. June 20—2 p. in.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113^114*4 4s qr cp (new).13S%139%
4s quar reg. .112^113% 3s quar coup..108%1WH
:,. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO5 — Oceanic SS 53.103^104
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus R 6sl27 —
C C Water 5s.l09J4110 Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L & P 6s.l2S%133i£ Pk & C H 6s.lO8 -
Fer & Cl R 6s. - 119 Pk & O R 6s..ll7 -
Geary-st 5s... — — Powll-st R 6s.l23 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6tf — Sac E G R 5s. — —
Do 5s 101 102% S F & SJV os.120% —
Los Ang R 5s.H4>i — Sierra Cal 6s. — 110
L A Light 6s. -, 102 S P of A -6s
Do gntd 6s. — 104 (1909) 113« —
Do gntd 5s. 103 — (1910) 114 —
L A & Pac 5sl00% — • S P of A 6s
Do lem 5s.lO2% - (1905). Ser A.108 108%
Markt-st C 6s. - 127% (1906), Ser B.108U109^
Do lem os.122% — (1906) 109% —
7s.— 1131,4 (1912) ...119 122
Nor R Cal 63..H414 — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s ...... Iisy 4 119% cp gntd k 53.107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO — S P Br Cal 6s. — 134%
Do 5s 108 109 S V Water 6s.U3?4 -
Nor Cal R5s.H0 113 Do 4s 102 —
Oak Gas 5s ...112 112»i Do 4s. 2d m.101 103
Do Trans 6s.ll8^ — Stktn Gas 6s. — —
Do Wat 5s..l04%105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa, 80^$ 81 I Spring Valley. 82W. —
Marin County. 52 — j
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 — Pacific Lt 43 50
Equitable 3% 4 Sacramento ... — 38
Mutual 5 6 S F G & E.... 42% 43
Oakland 50 51 San Francisco. 4 4%
Pacific G Imp. 43 44 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
.Firem's Fund.242& — |
EANKS.
Anglo-Cal ..... 75 80 L P & A... ....147 —
California .... — 4C9% Mer Ex (Hq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.. 107^ — ' S F National.. 125 —
First Natl 309 —
' SAVINGS BANKS.
German .. — 1900 — ;Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — 'Union Trust.. 1400 —
San Franciseo.525 550
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..:..13O 134 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary ..; — 40 Presidio 25 —
Market 70% —
POWDER.
Giant 78 te'.i^Vigorit 3 Zhi
¦ SUGAR.
Hana _ 7%|Kilauea 1814 18%
Hawaiian — 55 iMakawell 3SU 39
Honokaa 20% 22 'Onomea 22 —
Hutchinson ... 19% 19%'Paauhau 26% 26^
.MISCELLANEOUS.'
Alaska Pack... 128^129% Oceanic S Co.. 50 hzv,
Cal Fruit Can. — 97; Pac Aux F A. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Merchnts' Ex.110 — Par Paint 16
Morning Session. /'
K Board — • * -i-v — , •¦_ _ u ; .
10 Contra Costa Water go 50
200 Equitable Gas 3 5714
30 Giant Powder Con ;. 76 00
80 Honokaa. Co 20 75
50 Oceanic S S Co. cash 50 00
$7,000 Oceanic S S Co Bonds 103 50
ICO Paauhau S P Co 26 00
60 Pacific Gas Imp 43 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 50
275 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 CO
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 42 75
27 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 75
Street—
10 Oceanic S S Co 50 00
$1,000 S V 4 per cent Bonds (3d mortgage)101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Bank of 'California 403 50
10 Centra Costa Water 80 80
2 Contra Costa Water .' 80 00
105 Equitable Gaa 4 00
J5.C0O Ferries & Cliff House bonds 118 50
25 Giant Powder Con 75 00
$10,000 Oakland Transit Co, 6 per cent.. .119 00
fla.COO Oceanic S S Co bonds 103 50
150 Paauhau S P Co 26 25
380 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
70 S F Gas & Electric Co 42 87%
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 43 00
10 S V Water, s 5 82 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
•
Morning Session.
Board—
100 California-Standard 23
100 California-Standard ".. 26
500 California-Standard 27
400 Four Oil Co ¦ ' 37
5 Hanford 80 CO
3 Hanford 81 00
50 Kern 490
1000 Lion .*. 12
100 Monarch of Arizona . 29
S5 Peerless 500
75 San Joaquin Oil & Development 7 62Vs
25 San Joaquin Oil & Development 7 75
1C0 West Shore 2 50
Street—
10O Home 2 60
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Bear Flag . n
100 California-Standard 28
1 Hanford .- 83 00
200'Home Oil 2 60
100 Home '. 2 55
150 Oil City Petroleum ..". -.... 26
206 Sovereign 25
SAN FRANCISCO OIL' EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
ICO Four Oil Co *...... 33
POO Lion : 12
800 Monarch of Arizona, b 30 30
ICO Occidental of West Virginia 50
50 Peerless ...j :......-. 5 i2ti
1C00 Petroleum Center 06
Afternoon Session.
100 Four Oil Co.. 37
2 Hanford .'. S2 <M)
100 Junction \g
' 1C0 Kern Oil 4 85
300 Lion I... 13
300 Monarch of Arizona', b 30 39
100 Occidental of West Virginia 50
50 Peerless 5 1314
3000 Petroleum Center, s 90.'... 05
MINING STOCKS.
. The following -were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
" • Mornins Session.
500 Overman 18/ 300 Union Con 19
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 12' 100 Con Cal & Va 2 20
300 Best & Belcher 19 600 Savage ...... 09
250 Challenge Con.. 19 ;.,.',:.
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday: ¦ :
Mornlnsr Session.
500 Andes 05 500 Hale & Nor... 23
400 Best & Belcher. 20 300 Hale & Nor '5
. 200 Best & Belcher 19 630 Mexican '6
30O Best & Belcher 21 150 Ophir 95
200 Con Cal & Va..2 17 200 Sierra Nevada. "3
400 Con Cal & Va.. 2 20 500 Utah ..-. C4
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher 19 200 Mexican «6
100 Caledonia . 39 100 Ophir ...v. 5s
200 C C & Va....2 17V4 30O Ophir HI 94
300 Gould & Curry. 05 200 Savage 09
200 Hale & Nor.... 23. 100 Silver Hill...... "9
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, June 20—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alta .Co 06 Justice 02^ 03
Alpna .' 01 03 Julia .....— 02
Andes 04 OS Kentuck ....... 01 03
Belcher 12 , s 13 Mexican ...:.... 25 26
Best & Belcher 19 - 20 Occidental ...... 03 01
Bullion ........: 01 03 Ophir. 94 95
Chollar ..:...... 03 08 Overman -.. 18 19
Challenge Con.. 13 19[f»otosl 09 10
Con Cal & Va.'.S 15 2 20 Savage •-..:..... 09 10
Caledonia ' 3S 40'Slerra Nevada. 22 24
Crown Point... p7 08,S<?g. Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... —,. 01 Silver Hill...... 29 '30
Confidence ..... ; 70 / 75 Standard'.;....;. — 3 63
Excne«iuer ....;¦ — 02iUnion Con...... "18 19
Gould & Curry.. 04 OolUtah : 03 04
Hale & Nor....' 23 24lyellow Jacket.. 09 10
CHICAGO, June 20.— A i momentary firmness
prevailed In the wheat pit at the opening, oc
casioned by reports of a great scarcity of wheat
in France, together with higher cables. Re
ports of good prospects for a heavy harvest,
however, easily offset these bull features and
caused a desire to sell for future deliveries.
Holders of July were also anxious to liquidate
and the consequent decline in that month car
ried September down with it. The trading
opened a shade higher at 68%c, but dropped to
68Hc on moderate commission house selling, re
acting on reports of damage .in the Southwest,
and the close .was %c lower, at 68%c.
In the face of the weakness in wheat, corn
has shown decided strength, but the volume of
trading was small. Light receipts at primary
markets continue to be the principal ball in
fluence, giving encouragement to holders, even
after taking Into consideration the favorable
growing weather and poor shipping demand,
September closed unchanged.
Oats were the chief attraction to-day. Com
mission houses were heavy buyers. September
closed strong, %@%c' higher, at 26%@26%c. |
Provisions were dull and without any fea
tures. There was no great pressure to sell, al
though an air of weakness seemed to prevail
during the early part of the session. Firmness
in corn doubtless influenced provisions, causing
the strength in the latter half of the day. Sep
tember pork closed stronsr, z%c higher, at $15.
lard unchanged at $8 73@S 77% and ribs closed
2%c higher at i$-lV&.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
NEW YORK, June 20.— The market for evap
orated apples ruled steady at unchanged prices.
Demand was slow. State common to good, 3V6@
r-"- prime, 5V4@5%c; choice, 6@6&c: fancy, 6V4
@7c. ,
California dried fruits ruled "quiet and nom
inally unchanged.
PRUNES— 2%@6Vic, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. 8@12%c; Moorpark, 7%@
"PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c: unpe.eled,- 6@10c.
EGGS— Receipts. 7195 packages; steady; West
ern candled, 13@13^c; Western ungraded,' 11@
12J£c. ¦ ,
DRIED FRUITS.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, Wic; molasses" sugar, 3%c. Re
fined, quiet.
BUTTER — Receipts. 7575 packages; firm;
creamery. 15@19 l ,£c: factory, 12^@15c.
WOOL— Quiet. • . • '
COFFEE— Steady: No. 7 Rio. invoice, 6%c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8U@SHc Futures closed
steady, 10<gl5 points higher, having eased off
under profit-taking. Total sales, 240.C00 bags,
including: July, S.lOS'S^Oc: September, 5.25@
5.35c; October. 5.30@5.40c; November. 5.45c: De
cember. 5.50@5.60c; January, 5.53@5.65c; March,
o.703?5.75c.
NETS: YORK, June • 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25,237 barrels: exports, 18.046. Easy andquiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 269,950 bushels;, exports,
229,731. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 77%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 77%c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth,
84V*c f. o. b. afloat. Options were dull and
easy again most of the session. French crop
damage reports were offset by lack of foreign
orders. Liverpool depression and our own
bearish crop news, small clearances and specu
lative apathy. They finally rallied, however,
on export demand and closed steady at a par
tial %c decline. July, 75 ll-16C>73%c, closed
76i4c: September. 73 13-16@74 3-16c, closed 74c;
October, closed 74%c; December, 75 9-16c, closed
75%c.
HOPS— Quiet. . . .
HIDES— Steady.
New York Grain and Produce.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.) :
SAN FRANCISCO. June 20—5 p. m.
Th* following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 5?: Mount Tamalpa's. — : San Luis
Obispo. 74: Red Bluff. 94; Fresno. 92; Los An
ireles. 72; Sacramento, S2; Independence, 88:
Pan Diego. 66.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
K; minimum, 47; mean. 72. .
Weather Report.
"Future apricots attract little attention. The
tituaticn or. futures is somewhat befogged.
Th«?re has teen a report cf offerings here at
Kc f. o. b.. coast, in bags, but this cannot be
rrnPrmed. l^ocal exporter?, however, state that
they havf been oITere.l 19(1 choice Royal aprl
cots at S'.jc. coast, in baps. On the other hand,
it was declared yesterday that sales of extra.
choice Vacaville fruit in bags have been made
st P'jo. f. o. b.. coast. An ofTer of S*4c it was
raid, also had been turned down for choice
Kcyals. There is. however, as stated above,
very little interest on the part of New York
trad" in 1901 apricots, and the present outlook
Is for very little future buying."
"Trade in dried fruits remains dull and fea
tureless. Buying is altogether for immediate
wants, which become less and less urgent as
the warmer season advances, and supplies of
fresh fruits become more liberal. Currants are
firm at unchanged prices. Raisins of all de
scriptions sre very cuiet. California prunes
ere wanted in a very small way, while Oregon
2M0s are meeting 1 with some sale at 6V*c. Evap
orated apples continue <;ulet. Waste is steady
st SI 30 for prime stock. Sun dried apples are
scarce. State goods being practically cleaned
vp. Evaporated raspberries are selling slowly
tn a jobbing way at 20c. Supplies of raspber
ries are very light and virtually all in the
hands cf a single holder, who may advance
the price.
Mail advices from New York say:
Dried Fruits in New York.
STOCK MARKET.
Exchange and Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull and tveak. — — " .
Oats declining under new .crop arrivals.
Corn and Rye still neglected.
Bran and Middlings advanced. Hay easy.
Beans and Seeds very inactive. . '
Potatoes steady, with importations from Minnesota.
Onions weak. Vegetables in large supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs plentiful and slozv. .
Fruit market weak and 1 heavily supplied.
Provisions firmly held, with a fair demand.
No further change in Livestock.
Wool' Bags advanced. Grain Bags unchanged.
Gas stocks still attracting attention. Other stocks featureless.
¦ WASHINGTON. June 20.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of tho $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $171,167,991; gold, $93,
511,371. ¦ . . , .
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Money on call,
steady at 2%@4V£.per cent; last loan, 3^; rul
ing rate. 4. Prime mercantile paper, 3%@
*% per cent. Sterling exchange, easy, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%®
4 88 for demand and $4 85%^4 88 for sixty
days. Posted rates. S4 86^@4 89. Commercial
bills, $4 84%@4 85U. Silver certificates, nom
inally 60c. Bar silver. 58%c. Mexican dollars;
47%c. State bonds, strong; Government bonds,
strong; railroad bonds, irregular.. .
New York Money Market.
LONDON. June 20.— Atchlson, 90%: Canadian
Pacific, 105%; Union Pacific preferred, 93;
Northern Pacific preferred. 100; Grand Trunk.
11%; Anaconda. I0U- Bar silver, steady, 27 7-16d
pei^fiunce. Money, 1V£@2 per cent.
The banks of Bengal and Bombay have re
duced the discount rate 1 per cent to 5 per
cent.
Paris exchange Is 25.28: Berlin unchanged.
. CLOSING.
Money continues easy with rates practically
" I iS h^ ng , ed - The Bank ot England has received
£/2.C0O in gold bars and has bought £39,000- in
Hongkong 1 .
NEW YORK, June 20.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial caDlegram says:
Speculation on the. Stock Exchange here to
de.y was dormant and prices dwindled from a
lack of support. /American stocks began the
day strong: under the leadership of St. Paul,
bnion Pacific and Atchlson.- The latter was
talked 120 on the Kansas crop report. The first
half-hour exhausted the buying demand and as
New York turned a seller of St. Paul, the im
provement was comparatively short-lived and
there was a flat finish. .
London Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
California Fniit Sales.
transport boats which the Mexican Gov
ernment received a few months ago from
New Orleans ran Into a snag on the Rio
Hondo, where it -was engaged in service
in the Government operations against
the Maya Indians, and was sunk. BJve
members of tho crew and about twenty
Icatche Indians were drowned. Among the
latter was Chief. Tamay. -who with a del
egation of prominent men of his tribe had
been to call on General Vegfa of the Mex
ican lanny at Bacala. These Indians
were formerly in rebellion against the
Government, and Chief Tarnay's visit was
to renew the treaty, which was originally
entered into in 1S7S. They occupy a rich
section ot country in the . State of Cam
peche. Fears are entertained that Chief
Tamay's death fcy drowning while on this
mission may arouse members of his tribe.
He belonged to the peace faction, and it
was through his' efforts that the tribe did
not join the Mayas in their revolt against
the Government authorities.
MEXICAN'' TRANSPORT j
STNTKS TSU THE RIO EO'STDO ]
Five of the Crevr and Chief Tamay of
the Icaiche Indians Are
Drowned.
OAXACA, Mexico, June 20.— One of the
WHEAT— Spot. dull : No. 2 red "Western
winter, 5s lOd ; No. 1 Northern spring. 5s 9%d ;
No. 1 California, 6s. Futures— Easy; July,
5s 8Ud : ( September, 5s SU<3.
CORN— Spot, .firm; American mixed; new.
4s Id: American mixed, old 4s 2%d. Futures
Quiet; July, 3s lud; September,' 4s &d; Octo
ber, 4s %d. .
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d.
- . CLOSING.
LONDON. June 20.— Consols, 93 11-16; Silver,'
27, 7-16d; French rentes, lOOf 27«,4c; wheat car
goes on passage, heavy and depressed; No. 1
Standard California. 29s 3d; Walla Walla 2Ss
9d- English country markets, quiet. ,i
LIVERPOOL, June 20. -Wheat, quiet: No.
1 Standard California, 6s@6s 7V4d; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, part cheaper; weather In
England, showery.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, June 20.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
69c. •
TACOMA, June 20.— Wheat— Quiet; Bluestem,
61%c; Club. 59J/4C.
OREGON.
"WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., June 20.— Clearings, $314,
997; balances, i50,523.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000. Lambs, up to $5 60.
Good to choice wethers. $3 9004 25; fair to
choice mixed, -S3 60@4; Western sheep, $4@4 25;
yearlings. $4 25@4 50; native lambs, $4@5 25;
Western lambs, $5@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow,
22,000 estimated; left over, 5000. Easier; top,
$6 17V4. Mixed and butchers, $5 80@6 12%; good
to choice heavy. $5 95S6 17V4: rough heavy, $5 80
m 90; light $5 75@6 02^; bulk of sales, $5 92%@
6 02^. ¦¦¦ ¦ ' • • ¦. • . ,
CHICAGO, June 20.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8500,
Including 4000 Texans. . Good to choice steers,
strong: others slow; butchers steady; Texans
firm. Good to prime steers, $5 50© 6 30; poor to
medium, $4 50@5 40; stockers and' feeders, $2 90
(34 90; cows, $2 70@4 80: canners, $2@2 70; bulls,
$2 60<(J:4 60; calves. $4 50@5 50; Texas fed steers.
$4 25@5 40: Texas grassers, $3 50@4 10; ¦ Texas
bulls. $2 75(@3 75. .
Chicago Livestock Market
¦ NEW YORK, June 20.'-COTTON— On the
opening the market was quite firm, with prices
up 2@4 points. The market was finally steady,
with prices 10@19 points higher. . •
New York Cotton Market.
Earl Fruit Company sales: Apricots—Roy
als, $1 05@l 30 single crates. Plums— Clymans.
90cig:$l 25. Prunes— Tragedy. 93c@$2 25; Red
June. Jl 15@1 35; Burbanks $1 05@l 50. Peaches
—Alexanders, 75c@$l 25.
- Porter Brothers Company sales: Apricots-
Royal, $1 30@l 50; Montgamet, $1 50. Plums—
Ogon, $1 03@l 85; Clymans 85@95c; Abundance,
$1 05@l 40; Yosabe $1 35@1 55; • Burbanks,
$1 10@l 20; Royal Hative. 90c(S>$l; Japan. $1 15.
Prunes— Simonis. $1 20@l 55: Tragedys. $1 30®
155.' Peaches— Hale's 75c@$l; Alexanders, 6ac
@$1. ; Cherries— Republicans, $1 0?.. . .
NEW. YORK June 20.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sales California fruit: Apricots— Royal,
95c@$l 45; 'Montgamet. $1 10@l 60. Peaches-
Alexanders. - 80c@$l 25: - Hale's, 85c@?l 30;
Briggs' May. $1 io. Plums— Abundance. $1®
2 10; Burbanks, $1 10®l 80- Yosabe. $1 10@l 5):
mixed, $1 20@l 40: Clymans Jl 05CT1 20: Red
Junes. $1@2 15; Climax. $1 90SS3; Royal Ha
tive. 95c. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 20@2 40; Simo
nl. ?1@1 40. i ¦ ; , .
•CHICAGO, June 20.— Earl Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Plums — Clymans, av
eraged 90c, single crates; Burbanks, $1-20®
1 25. ' Prunes— Slmonis, $1 30@l 55 single crates.
Apricots— Royals, f 1 35@1 70 ' single crates.
Peaches— Alexanders 70c@$l; Hale's ¦ Early,
75@95c box. t -¦ •
changed. '. Domestic iron - markets • ruled dull
and' . unchanged. - • English markets dull, Glas- _
gow warrants closing at 53s. 4d and Middles
boro at 44s. 6d ... . •
Flour, qr sks..... 7.750 Middlings, sks... 21
Wheat, ctls 53.596 Hay. tons 4«
Barley, ctls 14,374 Hops, bales lfiO
Oats, ctls 3,020 Wool, bales 305
Corn, ctls......... 6C0 Pelts, hdls 33
Rye. ctls 400 Hides, No 409
Tallow, ctls 215 Wine, gals 17,350
Potatoes; sks 3,050 Leather, rolls 5S
Onions, ctls 461 Powder cars 1
Bran, sks 315 Lime, bbls 819
FOR THURSDAY. JUNE 20.-
Receipts of Produce.
52c in drums ¦ or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western ¦ Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.2oc: Powdered, 5.55c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners A. 5.75c; Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mag
nolia A, 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C 5.15c:
barrels. 10c more: half -barrels. 25c more; box
es. 50c more; SO-lb bags, 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominos. hal'-barrels. 6.50c; boxes 6.75c per lb
CANNED SALMON-The run on the Columl
pia is light. The season on the -Sacramento
is about over. Red Alaska, future dellverv.
is * quoted on a 95= basis. The Alaska Pack
ers Association closed out Its 1900 red Alas
lower Pink Alaska is quoted 2%©3c
GRAIN BAGS— Wool Bags are higher. San
Quentln Bags, $5 63; , Calcutta Grain Bag3,
7%c ;' local : make. %c . less than Calcuttas-
Wool- Bags. ' 32@35c; Fleece Twine_ 7>4@Sc . -
> COAL— "Wellington, ¦ ?9 . per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Cg-operatlve Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75
in- sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite. Egg. $i4;
Cannel.. $10 per ton; Coke. : $15 per ton in bulk
and i $17 in ; sacks ; . Rocky Mountain . descrip
tions, i $8 45 ¦ per. 2000 . lbs and $8 50 per . ton, ac
cording-to brand. ¦¦ • ¦ : .
B OILS— California Castor Oil, In \, cases. No.
1. 75c; pure,: $130; Linseed : Oil,'- in barrels,
boiled. $77c; raw, t 75c; 'cases.- 5c .more;. Lard
Oil,' extra .winter . strained, barrels, | 80c; cases,
85c; China' Nut. 53@63c per gallon; pure Neats
foot' Oil,' barrels, 6"5c;' cases, 70c; Sperm, pure,
63c ; ' Whale > Oil, - natural white, . 37%@42V4c - per
gallon: Fish: Oil. in barrels. :35c; cases. 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk;
12V4c ; . Pearl Oil. , in : cases, = 18%c ; Astral, 18%c ;
Star.TlSVic: .Extra- Star, '22HC; 23%c;
tEocene/ 20%c; v deodorized v i stove | Gasoline,- in
bulk, 13c; in cases,',21c;-Benzine, . in bulk, 14c:
in ¦ cases, . 20c ; 86-degree Gasoline,' in bulk, 20c;
in - cases. " 26c. . ; - :. . .¦ . -¦¦ • . , . '¦ . •••*.'¦
58c , per gallon In .cases . and
General Merchandise.
The situation remains as before. The supply
of all descriptions about equals -the demand.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . •
: BEEF— 6?i@7c for Steers and 6@6V4c.per lb for
cows. ' , .• ¦ .
• VEAL— Large, 7%@8c: small, 8@9c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@8c; Ewes. 6%@7c ' per
pounds.. . ¦ ¦
LAMB— Spring. 8@9c per pound.
PORK — Live Hogs, 180 lbs and under, 6@6i.ic
180 to 225 lbs, 6c; 225 and over. 5%@5?£c ; feed
ers.--^—; dressed Hogs, '7%@3%c. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND . SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. ; Heavy Salted
Steers, 10%c; medium.' 9@9%c: light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 8»4@9c for heavy and S@S%c for light •
Stags,. 6%c: Salted Kip,' 9%c; Salted Veal
9Vi<J?10c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16@!6%c-
Culls, 13i,4@14c; Dry Kip. 16c: Dry Calf. 16V40
17c; Culls and Brands, 13@14c: Sheepskins
shearlings, >15@30c each; short Wool, SOfffoOc
each;' medium, . 60@75c; : long Wool, 80cff?$l
each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50<52 73 for layge
and $2 25 for medium. $1 5001 75 for ''small -and
50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large,
Jl 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c for
Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. - -. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%#4%c per lb
choice. 5c: No. 2. 3'^ig!4c; grease. 2@2V4c.
1 WOOL— Spring. 19C0 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 13@M^c per lb: Northern, free, 12®
13c: defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10<ra
lie; do defective. S@10c; Southern. 12 months
8@9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c: do, de
fective, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine,
14@15c; do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Oregon.
Ea'stern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9@ilc;
Nevada, lie. ¦ •'¦-'. -¦- -- . ¦ .
, HOPS-rl5@20c per lb. , ; . • '.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Heps.
The trade report a firm market, with a fair
demand.. ¦
CURED. MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12^@12c for light medium, 13^0 for light, 14%c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 129i<ftl3c: Mess Beef. $12
per barrel: extra Mess, $12 50; Family, $13 50;
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $23; Mess
$19; Smoked Beef.. 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per 1b for com
pound and 10V4c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
lO^iwinv.c: 10-lb tins, ll@HUc; 6-lb tins, ll%c
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 9»4c; three
half-barrels, 9^c: one tierce, 9Hc; two tierces,
9c: five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Apricots. 5@7}jc for old crop and
7%@8V4c for new; Evaporated • Apples. 5%@6c;
sun dried, l%@2^4c:, Peaches, 3H@4c for stand
ard, 4 1 / 4@5i4c for choice and 6@6^4c for fancy:
Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3@4c; unpltted, %<g
lUc; Nectarines, 4@4%c for red and 4@5c -for
white. .. ¦ --¦•¦*,.• j .':.-/.'
PRUNES— 4"slzes.*3c; 40-50s," 6\Sc; 4 50-60sr4%c;
60-70s. 3%c; 70-80s, ZYtc; 80-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%o;
10O-120s, l%c. . ¦
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c: prime,. 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%e per lb:
choice, 9V4c: standard, S?ic: p»lme, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless. 50-lb boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown, 6c:
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c: 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5^4c: seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c:
London Layers. 2-crown. Jl 50 per box: 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Im
perials.. $3. All prices f. o. b. at common ship
ping points nl California.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, llSll^c;
No. 2. 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell. 10@10%c; No." 2.
6V4@7^4c; Almonds, 13©14c for paper-shell 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell} Pea
nuts, 5@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@liy;c:
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5. .' Vlfr
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9<Jr9%i
for light amber; water white extracted, 5e5%c;
light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark, 3%c3
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb. ¦
Dealers continue to quote a dull and fea
tureless market.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and "Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES-7-Cold 'storage, old, $1 25@2 50 per
box; new, '40@S3c per large . box and 2o@35c
per basket.-'
APRICOTS— 25@50c per box," 35@65c per crate
and 25@40c per basket. ; ¦
'• CHERRIES— €0@90c for ¦ dark and 60c@$l for
Royal Anne : in bulk, 5®8c per lb for black
4@6c f or red : and 6@?c for- Royal Anne.
PLUMS— 15®40c per box and . 15® 30c per bas
ket for Clyman, and 40@75c per crate for Trag
edy. • ¦ ¦ ¦ -¦>"¦¦¦
CHERRY PLUMS— 20@35c per box.
PEACHES— 25@50c per box' and 20@50c per
basket.
. PEARS— Madelines, . 15@30c per box and 15@
25c per. basket. ,
• STRAWBERRIES— $3@6 per chest for Long
worths and ¦ $3 75S?5 for large berries. Re
ceipts were 42S chests. Some in crates sold at
$1. I
LOGAN BERRIES-$4@6 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES-$2 25@5 per chest and 40
@65c per crate. >
RASPBERRIES— $4@7. per chest ,and 75c per
crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@35c per drawer and 2
<§2y 2 c In bulk. . »
CURRANTS— $2 50®6 per chest.
FIGS— 35@75c per box for single and $1@1 50
for dquble layers. '
MELONS— Watermelons ' from Indio, 25c
apiece; Nutmegs, from Yuma. $1 25@1 50 per
crate; from Indio. in large crates. $4@4 23. "
GRAPES— Seedless, from Arizona, $1 50@
1 75 per crate. . »
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 25@
2 75; . Seedlings, 75c@$l £0: Mediterranean
Sweets. $1 25@1 75; Valenclas. $1@3; Tan
gerines. 50c@$l 25; Lemons, 75c@$l 25 for com
mon and $1 50S2 50 for good to choice: Grape
Fruit. 50c(??$l 50; Mexican Limes. $4@5: Ba
nanas. $Wi2 per bunch for New Orleans and
75c@J2 for Honolulu; Pineapples, $1 50@2 50
per dozen.
.Yesterday was an unsatisfactory . day all
around. The market was too heavily \ sup
plied with all sorts and prices were weak In
consequence. A good deal was carried over.
Local- canners continued to pay $13@25 per
ton for Apricots and $10 for blue Plums
There will be no Orange auction to-day, but
one is announced for Monday. Pineapples and
Bananas continue weak under large supplies.
• There are • a good many poor and ¦ small
Peaches and Apricots on the market.
A. car of Watermelons came in from Indio.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras. 17c; firsts. 16c; seconds.
Dairy-Extras, 16"c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. ¦ • . • - . ,
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 8c; choice, 7%c;'
common, nominal; Young Americas, 9c; East
ern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS— . »«.••-.•¦.
California ". Ranch-Selected white, 17%c;
mixed colors, 15c per dozen.
,.£ allfornIa Gathered— Selected. 15c: standard"
12%c; seconds, k - ,
Eastern— SUndard, 14%c per dozen. '
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS,
01 " 64 ™ 617 - 17 %@18c per lb for fancy
and 16%@17c for seconds: dairy, 14@16%c per lb.
.CHEESE— New, 8@9c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 9@10o per lb.
EGGS-Ranch. 15@18%c for good . to fancy ;
store, 12%@14%c per dozen. .
Prices for all descriptions stood the same.
Eggs continued slow, and dealers reported in
creasing weakness, with slowly increasing
stocks Cheese dragged, as usual, and But
ter was slow with plenty on the market. -
_ Receipts wefe 76,800 pounds and 274 tubs of
?£ . er 'ioM& cases of Esss. cases Eastern
t-ggs, 12, 2oO pounds of California Cheese. .
Butter, Cheese and
, Low prices continue to rule under large sup
plies.:. Another car of Eastern-came in. -' :
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 8@10c for Gobblers
and S@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25:
Goslings. $l@l 25; Ducks. $3 5004 for old and
$3 50® 1 for young; Hens, $3 50@4; young Roos
ters. $C@7 50; old Roosters, J3@3 50; Fryers. $40
4 50; Broilers, $3®4 for. large and $1 75@2 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 2o@l 50 for Squabs. '
$1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for
Cottontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Peppers. 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15«520c per-lb; Car
rots, 25(2 33c per sack; Marysville Cucumbers,
50(S90c per . box ; Winters,* 75c@*l; Bay, %\ 25@
1 75; Garlic,. 3® 4c; Green Peppers, 20@30c. per
lb; Egg Plant, 8@10c per lb; Green Corn, 50c@
$1 50 per;sack; Bay do, $2@2 25 per crate; Sum
mer Squash, 25@40c per box; Bay do, 50@75c.
TBCk SAN FRANCISCp CALL,- FRIDAY, eJTJNE 21, 19O1.
THE COAST RECORD.
Foreign Futures.
¦ NEW-YORK. v June 20.— Tin both at ' New
York and London obtained a higher-, level to
day. A . decrease ,, in 1 stocks due ; to : the sink
ing of the steamer Asturia- ."with 550 tons 'and
sympathy with the firmness abroad caused the
prevalent strength •:¦ here, and : prices before
the close showed ' a rise t of • about -.50 'points ¦
closing firm , in tone at : $23 67%@28 70. v: In Lon
don spot tin advanced 10s to £130 and futures
up 15s to £123 , 15s, . with ¦ the final :. tone I firm.
Locally the copper market was featureless and
nominally , at . $17 for Lake Superior - and
$16 62% for casting' and electrolytic, while'. at'
London weakness, prevailed : under ;: liquidation
and values. were reduced '7s 6d, .spot standing
at ; £68 15s and futures at > £69 '. 2s ¦ 6d. f. There
was no change recorded in pig ; lead -at .New
York or in London.. ¦ Spelter wu . also ~-un-
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— / f,: 'July. Sept.
Opening .....'.. 5.8% . 6 8%
Closing 5 8^4 5 8%
PARIS. . , /
Wheat— v -June. Sept,-Dec.'
Openlng .............' 20 20 2110
Closing 20 25 • 21 25
. -¦- Flour —
Opening .'.....: 25 SO • 26 90. •
Closing ..25 60, 27 05 .
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, #14%@19c; dairies,
14%@16%c. Cheese, 9@10c. . Eggs, firm; lOVic.
Articles— . s Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28,000 f 21,000 •
Wheat, bushels 44,000 -379,000-
Corn, bushels :20O,0OO' "338,000
Oats, tushels 169,000 200,000
Rye. bushels : 4,000 .2,000
Barley, bushels; 7,000 I ' 4,000
NKW TORK. June 20.— Opening prices of
stocks were at the highest average level of
the day and all rallies, of which there were
several of some Flight force, were met bj
renewed realizing-, which drove prices down
ward. After the opening spurt there were
developments of strength here and there In
individual Flock*, but t..ey were Jn the class
of securities that usually have little prom
inence in the trading and -were without great
sympathetic influence on the price. The de
tent from the opening high level was con
riderable, but the telling pressure showed a
tendency to diminish when prices got down
to about last night's level. In fact there
was no severe pressure to cell at any time,
and the market reflected rather the dispo
sition of the class of large speculators .to re
frain from operations and let the market lie
fallow Burmgr the period of doubt regarding
the capacity of the money market .to afford
resources for peculation between now and
the turn of the half-yearly period. Tb* vol
ume of dealings showed a notable shrinkage
and fell below the half-million share mark
which is the lowest level touched Pine* the
Presidential election. Even this meager ag
gregate was largely dependent on the con
tested dealings in a few stocks, notably
Amalgamated Copper. This stock was under
pressure all day and fell an extreme 3% under
last niirht. ¦with a final rally of 2 points on
the declaration of the customary 1% per cent
quarterly dividend and % per cent extra This
felling is Eald to be. In large part due to
arbitrage operations against buying of stocks
eligible for exchange. Colorado Fuel continued
Its sensational fluctuating, falling at one
time six point* under last night and 28%
under the high price of Monday, but rallying
at the last to a point above last night. Gen
eral Electric wae bought on the reported ae
quleition of the British Thomson-Houston
Company, and the stock being in very light
supply the buying lifted it 13 points by wide
Jumps. There was persistent strength in
Minneapolis and St. Louis and the Iowa Cen
tral stock*, .which rose 4 to 4% on rumors of
a merrer *nd final absorption by the Illinois
Central. The strength of Chicago Great West
ern was based on a feeling that the settle
ment of the Western railroad situation will
necessitate its control. The early strength of
the market in, eympathy with London was
clearly <Jue- to the improvement there of the
monetary fituation, where the Government Is
making haste to redisburse the sources of
Tuesday's Installment- of consols subscriptions
Doubts continue over the local money situa
tion. The Sub-Treasury has already taken
from the market $2,306,000, which include* the
payments for the gold exported. The sale at
auction sit Washington to-day . to satisfy a
Government lien of the Sioux City and Pa
olfle linilwsr Company to the Chicago and
Northvft-u-rn will involve tt.e further payment
to the Government of nearly 12,000,000. al
though a period of twenty days Is permitted
The rise In New York exchange at Chicago
to twenty-five cents' premium per thousand
shove that the Interior is responding to the
pressure for funds ' at New York. The very
heavy requirements incident to the unprece
dented Interest and dividend disbursements on
July 1. which must be met .next ' week, ad
monish to continued caution and overstrain
tax of the money market- £or speculative pur-
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations • were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 70@72%c; No. " 3
spring "wheat. 63@68%c: No. 2 red, 68%<g69%c;
No. 2 corn, 43%£r43V4c; No. 2 yellow, 43^4® 43%c;
No. 2 oats. 28V4c; No. 2 white. 29%!S30%e; No.
3 white. 28%@30%c; No. 2 rye, 48%c; good feed -
Ing barley. 51@52c: mess pork, per bbl, $14 75@
14 £0; lard, per 100 lbs. $8 67%@8 72% ; - short
ribs sides (loose), $8@S 20; dry salted should
ers (boxed), 7@7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 45^'8 55. • .
Articles— Open. HI~h. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — *
June 63»4 C9V4 68% 68%
July .' 69% 69% 69 69Vi
September ..... 68% 68% 88^4 6S%
December 41V4 41>,i 4Hi 41U
Corn No. 2 —
June „ 48
J'Jlv 43% 43% 43\A 43%
September 44%* 44% 44% 44ft
Oats No. 2^- .
July »..: ZSV£ . 28^4 27% 28^
September 26=54 26% ' 26?g 26%
Mav ...' 28%. 29% 28% 29ft
Ness Pork, i>er bbl—
July 14 '14 82% 14 77% 14 80
September. . 15 02% 15 C2V4 14 95 15 00
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July ....8 70 8 72% 8 6714 8 70
September 8 77% 8 77% 8 72% 8 77%
October 8 75 . 8 75 8 72% 8 75 "
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
"July 8 05 8 10 8 05 8 10
September 8 17% 8 17% 8 17% 8 17%
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
8
STATIOXS.
e 2 2 o w *s
I liliillla fl
Aftoris. I...
Baker
<~arson
Kureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Tocatellii. Idat
Independence .
Iv-.p Angeles...
rhoenix
Portland
Rfd Bluff
Roseburg
Farranwnto ...
Fait Lake
Fan Francisco.
Pan Luis Obif|
fan Diego
Seattle
Spokane
Xeah Bay
Walla Walla..
Winnemucca .
Yuma
bo!
..30.12 5S 52 SW Cloudy .02
..29.92 74 EB XW Pt.Cldy .14
...23.SO M 4S W Oear 0
..30.12 5S 52 NW Pt.Cldy 0
..29.S6 P2 DS XW Clear 0
..29.94 Tfi 4R PW Cloudy 0
i. .23.78 S2 Eg W- Clear 0
..29.74 SS 60 K Pt.Cldy 0
..2«.8i 72 ?.6 W Clear - 0
..29.72 P« 70 XW Pt.Cldy 0
..31.02 74 56 XW Pt.Cldy 0
..29.S4 94 60 S Clear 0
...Sft.W S2 50 X Clear 0
...29.92 ?! 52 SW Clear 0
...23.S2 $4 62 X Clear 0
...30.M S6 <6 W. Pt.Cldy 0
)..so.O2 74 S2 w Clear 0
...23.96 66 60 W Clear 0
..30.0S 72 54 £?E Rain .02
..23.CS 7S 56 SW Clear Tr
..SO.OS SS 50 W Cloudy Tr
..2?.S6 ?6 m SW Clear Tr
..29.R2 ?4 *% XW Clear 0
..29.72 96 66 SW Clear 0
STATIOXS.
e 2 2 o w *s
I liliillla fl
Aftoris. I...
Baker
<~arson
Kureka
Fresno
Flagstaff
Tocatellii. Idat
Independence .
Iv-.p Angeles...
rhoenix
Portland
Rfd Bluff
Roseburg
Farranwnto ...
Fait Lake
Fan Francisco.
Pan Luis Obif|
fan Diego
Seattle
Spokane
Xeah Bay
Walla Walla..
Winnemucca .
Yuma
bo!
..30.12 5S 52 SW Cloudy .02
..29.92 74 EB XW Pt.Cldy .14
...23.SO M 4S W Oear 0
..30.12 5S 52 NW Pt.Cldy 0
..29.S6 P2 DS XW Clear 0
..29.94 Tfi 4R PW Cloudy 0
i. .23.78 S2 Eg W- Clear 0
..29.74 SS 60 K Pt.Cldy 0
..2«.8i 72 ?.6 W Clear - 0
..29.72 P« 70 XW Pt.Cldy 0
..31.02 74 56 XW Pt.Cldy 0
..29.S4 94 60 S Clear 0
...Sft.W S2 50 X Clear 0
...29.92 ?! 52 SW Clear 0
...23.S2 $4 62 X Clear 0
...30.M S6 <6 W. Pt.Cldy 0
)..so.O2 74 S2 w Clear 0
...23.96 66 60 W Clear 0
..30.0S 72 54 £?E Rain .02
..23.CS 7S 56 SW Clear Tr
..SO.OS SS 50 W Cloudy Tr
..2?.S6 ?6 m SW Clear Tr
..29.R2 ?4 *% XW Clear 0
..29.72 96 66 SW Clear 0
O. /?. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Lino to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to alt
points East. Throufih il;tcets to all
points, all rail «r steamshio and rail, at
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BEHTH tod HSAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA ."
Sails June 22. July 2, 12, 22, August 1
SS. GKO. W. ELDER „
...Sails June 27, .July 7. 17. 27. August «. IS
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.,1 MontgonVy.S.F.
AMERICAN* LINE.
RVn Y03K. SOUTH *KPT05. 10XD05. PABI&
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everv Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul., July If St. Louis August 14
St. Louis July 17 Philadelphia.. August 21
St. Paul August 7 St. Paul August 23
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington July 3 Pennlar.d July 24
•Zeeland July 1C Southwa»k July 31
Frlesland July 17 •Vaderland ..August 7
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hicgo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU.Saturdav. June 22.1901
S3. NIPPON MARU... Wednesday. July 17 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
Round trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R. R, •SUB?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Cabin, $105; Steerage, %W.
S. S. Argyll sails Fri lay. Jane 38
S. S. Uelanaw sails Monday. July 13
S. S. Argyll M->n1ny. Auft. 12
¦ From Sea Wall (Section 1) at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard-street wharf No. 3, 12 m. ¦
TUCAPEL June 27 I LIMARI July a
AREQUIPA July 10 | PERU August 7
These steamers are built expressly, for Cen-
tral and- South American passenger service.
(No change at Arapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GLTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
Aoaanlo C C 4*A HAWA "> SAM0A - NE ™
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. June 26. 13 a. rn.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. June 23. 2 p. m.
SS. SIERRA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia
:.¦. Thursday. July 11. 10 a. m.
J. D.SPREGXELS & BROS. CO., General Agents, 327 Martst St
Gan'l Passsngsr GfScs, 643 Market St., ?isr Io. 7; Pacific St
COMPAQNIS 6ENEBALE TBANSATLAKTIQTrS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. - Afc _
Sailing every Thursday, instead of f/fn'pk
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, — <*b?*p5
North River, foot of Morton street; La Bre-
tagne. June 27; La Champagne. July 4; La
Gascogne. July 11: .*La Lorraine, July tt.
First class to Havre. $35 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA; 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FL'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
BAY AXD RIVES STEAHEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJ).
Steamers GEN. FRI3BIE or MOflTICELLO
9:45 a.m., 3:13 and 8:35 • p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:43 a. m., 8:33 p. m. Leavet
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. -4:13 p.m. Fare £•
cents. Telephone Main 1508. . Landing and of-
nee. Bier 2. illsslon-st. dock. HATCH li&C*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.'
¦ \ Steamers leave Broadway
wt Wharf. 8an Francisco:
HgW. . For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
lg5?j|?>Jh: June 23. 30, July 3. Chan«r» to
Ig^Sf^ company's steamers at Seattle.
' fmSkCKSGOa For ictorla . Vancouver (n.
rilrc£*33j«i c>) - Port Townsend. Seattle.
' y&J&^ffp*] Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
J t^^«<lS8fl and New Whatpom (Wash.> —
11 a. m.. June 23. 29. July 5.
~" and every fifth day thereafter.
Chansre at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma for N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Eay — 1:30 p. m..
June 21, 26, July 1, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Ohi3po>. Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pedro,
•Newport ('Corona only) — Steamer Corona, Sat-
urdays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9
a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias <Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further, information obtain company*"
folders.
The company reserves the right to Changs
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 Xew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific- Coast. Steamship Go*
GOLDFIELDS.
Steamship City of PneWa
WILL SAIL
From San Francisco June 25
Connecting at-Seattle with the Company" ¦ New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE on hep second
¦trip on or about JUNE 29.
The Senator made five trips to Xome last
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing? all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market street.WIFE WHO SEEKS DIVORCE AND
HUSBAND WHOM SHE LEFT ON
WEDDING" TOUR,
YOUNG COUPLE WHO WERE
QUIETLY MARRIED IN OAK
LAND YESTERDAY.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 20.
Six workmen on the Central Bank vault
job owe" their lives to an accidental call
which took them from the pit Into which
an eleven-ton fteel vault was being low
ered last evening an Instant before the
tackle broke and let the mass of metal
fall with a crash to the bottom.
The vault had been raised ¦ upon skids
just before the accident and was being
slowly lowered Into the pit. where the
men were waiting to guide It into place,
when, a hitch occurred which, required
their assistance above. The last man was
clambering over the edge of the excava
tion as the big hook by which the pon
derous object was held snapped under the
strain.
The tackle flew \ backward, narrowly
missing Vice President W. Q. Palmanteer
SIX MEN ESCAPE
INSTANT DEATH
Steel Vault Fallsr Into
Pit as Workmen
Ascend.
of the bank, wao was standing with Con
tractor Bock watching the work- of plac
ing the new vault. Bock ran to whera
his men were standing and hurriedly
counted them over to see whether any of
them had been caught In the pit. All
were safe. /
Contractor Bock said that while tha
Central Bank vaults are the heaviest ever
put out by his company he supposed the
apparatus with which he has been hand
ling them was amply strong to do the
work. No defect was found in. the broken
hook, which was made of one-inch steel.
sioners compelling all patrolmen to work
nine hours a day and fifteen hours every
forty days has caused dissatisfaction
among the members of the department-
Many of them claim that the new order
will have the effect of driving some of the
older men out of the business.
Learning that the "coppers" were op
posed to the nine-hour-a-day system.
Chief of Police Sullivan yesterday issued
orders to the various captains to have tha
men vote on the proposition, to determine
how many were- opposed to having the
number of working hours changed. After
the votes are counted. the Chief will ask
the Commissioners, provided that the ma
jority is against it, to repeal the order.
The exact day on which the voting: is to
take place will be agreed upon to-morrow.
It is needless to say, considering the ad
verse criticism of the new order, that tha
majority will vote against it. Chief Sul
livan is satisfied that the proposition will
be hopelessly beaten, and he will then ask;
the Commissioners to stand by the pres
ent system of working the men.
"It would be a great injustice to tha
members of the force If the new order
was enforced." remarked one of the old
est men in the business yesterday.
"If it were put into operation we would
not be able to have our evening meal un
til after 9 o'clock, which, under the pres
ent system, is about the hour we retire
to get some needed rest.
"I am satisfied that about nine-tenths of
the men will vote against the new order."
poLicrErarEix abe opposed
TO THE NINE-HOUR BTTL3
The recent order of the Police Commls-
"I never believed that Mr. McLaughlin.
was paying attention to any other girl,
and I couldn't after his protestations to
me on the ship, so you can Imagine my
surprise when I read in the papers Tues
day morning of the marriage of Mc-
Laughlin and Misa Henry. I gave him.
an opportunity to break the engagement,
but he would not have it. I have given
the story to the world because I wanted
a little revenge. It is the only balm I have
for my injured feelings. I have nothing:
against the girl he married and I feel sor
ry for her. for the prospect . she faces is
not a bright one. I am sure I feel glad
that I am rid of such a man. All I want
ed to do was to show Him up."
McLaughlin admits an engagement ex
isted, but that it was terminated at Ml5*
Martyn's option. After this had occurred,
according to McLaughlin, he remained on
friendly terms with the family, visiting;
them as he had done before. He and th«
Henrys agree that Miss Henry was fully
advised concerning the relations that had
existed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway. June 20.
There is a sequel to the wedding of Miss
Edith Henry, daughter of ex-Mayor A. C-
Henry. and Frank W. McLaughlin. sec
ond officer of the- transport Hancock,
which occurred Monday evening at the
residence of the bride's parents, 1221 Har
rison street. It Is the declaration by Mis*
Ruth Martyn, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
George Martyn. residing at 1030 Fifty
eighth street, that she had a prior claim
on McLaughlin's heart, and that he case
her aside without the formality- of break-
Ing the engagement Miss Martyn has a
batch of correspondence, which sh© uses
as a basis for her claims that the trans
port officer was betrothed to her and
she intimates that she may bring a ault
for breach of promise.
Miss Martyn says her acquaintance with
McLaughlin began in 1899. when she was
introduced to him while he was In tha
transport service. They became engaged
and matters ran along smoothly enough
until she discovered a letter in his state
room one day that had been written by
Miss Henry in very endearing style.
"1 demanded an explanation." said MlS3
Martyn. "and was assured that there was
no thought on Mr. McLaughlin's part of
a marriage with Miss Henry. I last saw
Mr. McLaughlin a week ago Sunday. Ha
spent the night with my folks and left
Monday, promising to come the following
night, but Instead of coming I got hl3
excuses that he had to work. Then I
heard he was engaged to Miss Henry, but
I would not believe It. My sister, who
sang In the First Presbyterian Church
choir with Miss Henry, also beard tha
story.
Frank McLaughlin, - Who
Wedded Edith Henry, Is
the Accused.
Ruth Martyn Says She
Has Been Cruelly
Jilted.
SAYS PROMISE
WAS NOT KEPT
-About the- only now thingsto be : seen
at a circus are the children who laugh at
the clown's jokes. .
Death of a Well Known : Clergyman.
MONTEREY, June 20.— Benjamin ;F.
Finhey, for many years pastor of ' the
Christian church in Santa Cruz and a vet
eran of the Civil War,; died here yester
day at the home of his daughter, "Mrs. G.
C. Notley. He was born • in Plymouth,
Mass., and was 67 years of. age.
l Of the 4110 varieties of flowers known
and cultivated In Europe; scarcely > 400
have any* odor, 'and of these nearly 50
have an odor ; which * is, 'if anything:,, dis
agreeable. • ' ¦ ' : '
ALAMEDA. June 20.— Charges of using
obscene language and unofflcer-like con
duct preferred against Police Officer
Charles E. Keyes by Mrs. H. D. WItte
will be Investigated by the City Trustees
to-morrow night.
Will Investigate Charges.
Noting the fact that many country bred
men in the large cillca take the local pa
per in their old home, the Philadelphia
Record says: "The head of a large Mar
ket street wholesale business , house, a
man now advanced in years, has been a
regular subscriber to one of the Bucks
County papers „ for fifty years. 'He
wouldn't give, It up for anything,' said
this man's son yesterday. 'He gets more
real enjoyment from it than from any
thing he reads. "A 'dally edition has been
started within the last ten years,- but
he doesn't want that. He only gets the
weekly edition/ which prints gossip of a
personal nature from the various towns
throughout the county. He will pore over
¦this by the hour, and his comments on the,
various items of news are often amusing.
Scarcely,- a > name t is i mentioned -that he
doesn't say,' "Why, I used to go to school
with, his- father,"- or- "'I "once -licked his"
¦Uncle Jim for tying my clothes up. when
we used ¦ to go swimming in the Ne-'
shamlny." ' " ' ¦•*
Benrinds Them of Yore.
Sixteen Warrants for Knowlton.
James H. Doollttle of the Si. Nicholas
Hotel swore .to sixteen- warrants before
Judge Mogan yesterday , charging Major
Joseph Knowlton, his brother-in-law and
ex-manager, with misdemeanor embezzle
ment. The original case against ' Knowl
ton for felony embezzlement is not yet
concluded before Judge Mogan, but Doo
llttle alleges that since that. warrant was
issued oth-2r ., defalcations have been dis
covered. ' At that time the shortage' was
alleged' to .be $21,000. i Knowlton had a
search warrant . case before' Judge Fritz
yesterday for. the recovery of his clothing
and personal effects from the St. Nicholas
and It was continued tlll:to-day.
OAKLAND, June 20.— Pursuant to the*
terms of the Volney D. Moody will con
test compromise, deeds were filed with
the County Recorder to-day conveying to
Mrs. Mary Moody, the widow, Oakland
and Berkeley r^.lty valued at $100,000. A
quit claim from'tho other heirs accompa
nies the Instrument.
Deeds Passed in Compromise.
Pioneer German Comes to His End
Among ' Strangers and His
. Property Disappears.
OAKLAND. June 20.— Captain B. D.
Pelt, the well known navigator and
pioneer San Franciscan, died at Marys
ville, Monday, under circumstances which
have excited the suspicions of his rela
tives that he was not fairly dealt with by
the people among whom his last days
were spent. v , :
E D. Van Pelt, the captain's eldest son.
came down to-day with the body to Fruit
vale ' where the deceased had his resi
dence for many years. He went to Marys
ville about four years ago to live on a
ranch for the benefit of his health. He had
some blooded horses on the ranch and de
voted his time to their care.
Mr Van Pelt declares / that the ranch
oeople'did not notify any'members of -the
family of his father's illness and that a
few days before . his • death • the captain
was sent to a hospital to die alone. He
further states that his father's gold watch
was missing and that the people . on the
ranch claimed to know nothing about his
horses. An investigation will follow. -
DIED ALONE WITHOUT
RELATIVES' KNOWLEDGE
A most enjoyable . afternoon tea was
given by Miss Grace Wright at her resi
dence on Buchanan street Saturday, June
16, from 2 to 5 p. m., to a few of her late
companions of the high school. The time
was spent in the rendition of choice vocal
and instrumental selections. A pleasant
feature of the occasion was dainty sou
venir cards tied with lavender ribbon, on
which was written the "fortune" of th«
recipient. Among those present were:
Misses Marie L. Chesworth. Helen Boyer,
Gwendoline Boyer, Rena Douglass. Alma
Harumberg, Grace Wright and Mrs.
Wright.
On Tuesday afternoon last at Sts. Peter
and Paul Clrurch Julius. P. Glazer and
Miss Marie C. Rossi were united In mar
riage by the Rev. Father Papernl. The
bride was attended by Miss Grace Allen.
A. J. Rossi acted as best man. The young
couple were the recipients of many beau
tiful presents. Mr. and Mrs. Glazer have
left for an extended, tour of the south.
Captain. Thomas of the battleship Ore
gon entertained a party on the ship re
cently, which Included Charles C. Sulli
van, Rev. Father Giles, Mr; Gildea and a
score of young boys. The occasion was
a very pleasant one.
The engagement of Miss Ida'Bittmore
and William R. Chambers is announced.
Mrs. Harry Schwartz left Saturday for
Los Angeles and Catalina for a stay of
six weeks.
Mr. and Mrs. William R.'Cohn have left
for Skaggs Springs, to be gone for several
W Mrs.' Alfred M. Meyer and daughter.
Miss Helen, are at Highlands for a short
Mrs.. I. Simon of 1308 Hayes street has
discontinued her day at home for the
months of June and July.
Mrs. A.'Rothberg and daughter have
gone to Camp Taylor to; spend the sum
mer. '..•¦¦' '-'
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Provision Is also made in the bill for the
segregation from entry of all lands. upon
which storage reservoirs or other Irriga
tion works are to be built as soon as the
application is filed with the Secretary of
the Interior. One of the vital provisions
of the proposed'bill is that any State ac
cepting: the provisions of the act may sell
the completed works to the actual con
sumers of the water only, the proceeds of
such sale to be accredited to the arid land
reclamation funds of the State or Terri
tory constructing- such works.
A banquet was given at the Inter Ocean
to-night In honor of the visiting Congress
men and State Engineers.-
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the
Interior to examine plans and surveys sub
mitted by the State engineers for proposed res
ervoirs and Irrigation works and approve or
reject the same. Having the approval j of
plans, the Secretary shall cause to be set
aside sufficient money from the reclamation
fund and already credited to the State, in
which the irrigation works are to be built to
perform the work.
Any of the States or Territories desiring to
avail themselves of the provisions of the act
shall enact laws accepting the conditions of
this act and organize and maintain a State
engineer's office with authority to plan and
make estimates for- reservoirs to be paid for
out of the reclamation fund. The office shall
also arrange for the * establishment of rights
to water from same.
That all moneys received from the sale or
disposal of public lands in Arizona, Califor
nia, Colorado, Idaho, Utah, Montana. Wyom
ing, Kansas, Nebraska, , Nevada. New Mexi
co, North Dakota, Oregon. South Dakota and
Washington, beginning with the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1932. excepting money set aside
by law for educational purposes and excepting
also the salaries of registers and receivers of
the United States land offices, located within
said States and territories, shall be and are
hereby reserved for the benefit of the State or
Territory in which said lands are sold, to be
kept as a special fund to be known as the
"Arid Land Reclamation Fund." and shall
be under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior for the examination, survey and con
struction of ' reservoirs and. other irrigation
works.
A bill to provide for the settlement of th<»
arid public lands and to authorize the con
struction of reservoirs for the storage ¦• of
water and other necessary irrigation works
for arid lands reclamation.
At a Joint meeting of engineers and
Congressmen to-night an exhaustive bill
was drafted covering all the points in
volved In the irrigation question in its re
lation to Congress. The proposed meas
ure, in part, is as follows:
An effort will be made at Friday's meet-
Ing to agree upen some law or plan broad
enough to cover the demand in the arid
States. •
CHEYENNE, W'yo., June 20.— State en
gineers and Representatives and Senators
from Western States met in Cheyenne to
day to discuss irrigation. Government aid
and the best methods of reclaiming arid
lands. State Engineer Fred Bond of
Wyoming presided over the engineers'
meeting, and Hon. H. E. Burkett of Lin
coln, Neb., was elected chairman of the
Congressional meeting. George E. Tobey
of Lincoln acted as secretary. Both meet
ings were more or less informal, but some
energetic discussions were had, principal
ly on irrigation and the position of the
Federal Government toward the same.
Resolutions were presented and a plan
outlined for action at the next session of
Congress.
Representatives of West
ern States Meet in
Cheyenne.
PLAN A SCHEME
OF IRRIGATION
SCOEES WIFE IN WILL
ATTD DISINHERITS SONS
Livermore Suicide in Devising Lega-
cies Foreshadowed Quarrel Which
Caused Hash Act.
OAKLAND. June 29.— The will of Almon
Weymouth, the Livermore planing-mlll
proprietor who committed suicide last
week on account of a disagreement with
his wife, cuts off two of his sons with $1
each and evidences the ill feeling that
existed between himself and Mrs. Wey
mouth at the time the will was drawn. It
is as follows:
Ln'ERMORE, October 1. 1S99.— To whom it
may concern: This day I ma Re my first and
only will, which I hope will be carried out to
the letter. I bequeath one-half of my United
Workmen policy of $1©*» to my daughter. Jen
nie A. Weyroouth. to bold ana use as ebe sees
fit. ana she wiU receipt for -the same. . I also
irlve to my eon. Willie T. Weymduth. all my
rfpht. tlU» and Interest In* the Livermore Plan
in* Mill In the town of L-ivermore. Al*meda
County. California, and all my carpenter tools,
Jewe!ry-f aad personal «tlects. - ? - -
To Any son Arthur, tl; and t» my son Romelo.
II: »lso, as to my wife Tillie. one-half of the
planing- mill, vineyard, and one-half of the
United Workmen policy of J1000; and this is
all she Reserves and more. Ae to my residence
In tbe town of Livermore, Alameda County,
<~Allfora!a, I rive and bequeath to my son Wil
lie T- and Jennie M. Weymouth, jointly, to
bold and use as they see nt. This property is
In their deceased mother's name. It Is prop
erty that was bought entirely with my money,
and I have a right to dispose of it as I see fit.
In witness I set my ftand and peal this 2d day
of October. 3S39. ALMON WEYMOUTH.
MANDAMUS SUIT • BEQTTN
BY CONTRA. COSTA FALLS
Demurrer of Auditor Breed "Will Ne
cessitate Filing of New or
Amended Complaint.
OAKLAND. June 20.— The attorneys for
the Contra Costa Water Company re
treated from the position assumed in be
ginning mandamus proceedings against
Auditor Breed to compel him to pay the
city's water bills for the current year,
when the case was called before Judge
Ellsworth to-day.
The matter was continued till Monday
to allow the company to beg-in anew.
Auditor Breed in his demurrer called at
tention to the provision of the charter re
quiring applicants whose warrants are re
jif-cteri by the Auditor to have them re>
p.issed by the Board of Public Works and
signed by the Mayor before collection can
bo forced.
The water company's attorneys ad
mitted the justice of this contention by
The defense and notified the court that If
a continuance were granted the present
complaint would be withdrawn.
Engineer Stanley's Funeral.
OAKLAND, June 20.— The funeral of
the late James Stanley, the Southern Pa
cific engineer who died from injuries sus
tained in a wreck near Felton, was held
this mornlne from the Ghurch of the Im
maculate Conception, where a solemn re
quiem high mass was celebrated. The
Rev. M. King, the Rev. Dr. Morrison and
the Rev. Father Nolan officiated. The
pallbearers were Asa French. James Rlg
npy. William O'Connell. W. T. Baker, J.
A. Barry and A. Wilkinson. The Inter
ment was in St. Mary's Cemetery. Many
hundreds of railroad employes and friends
of the pioneer engineer attended the ser
vices. . .
BERKELEY, June 20.— Business men In
Berkeley have received a favorable an
ewer to their petition for three postal de
liveries a day instead of two. The new
arrangement goes into effect on August
16. Four collections as well as three de
liveries will be made daily. The Increase
of business necessitates the employment
of an additional carrier.
Three Daily Hail Deliveries.
OAKLAND. June 20.— The Retail Clerks'
Arsoclation has elected the following
named officers: President. Louis Schee
line; first vice president, C. L. O'Rourke;
second vice president. Archie Newhard;
financial Becretary-i Harry Roesner; re
cording secretary. Charles A. Sinclair;
treasurer, Paul Carroll; guide, William
Martin; guardian, Edward Lewis; trus
tees—J. Brennan. C. R. Robinson and J.
Kirkwood; delegates to Federated Trades
j. b. Reboll. C. • J. Twomey and Law
rence Hyde.
Hetail Clerks Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, June 20. — The League of the
Cross Cadets, 1000 strong, with full band
and drum corps, has accepted the Invita
tion of the Fourth of July committee to
parade in this city on the celebration of
the national holiday. The parade com
mittee has also been assured of a large
representation from the trades unions, as
well as from civic and military organiza
tions. The committee proposes to make
the parade one of the attractive features
of the dav.
Cadets to Parade in Oakland.
OAKLAND. June 20.— Mrs. Adeline
Raum. who since her divorce from J. M.
Raum a year ago has been supporting
herself and two children, was this morn
ing denied permission to take them out of
the State by Judg« Ellsworth because
their father objected. Mrs. Raum said
that she was making from $75 to $100 a
month at canvassing:, but could obtain a
better position in Denver. The court de
cided that the removal was not necessary
and that lie would therefore be compelled
to defer te the father's wish.
Must Leave Children Behind.
B-- ERKELET, June 20.— Charles E.
Thomas. Town Clerk of Berkeley,
and Miss May Buckbee of Menlo
____ Park were quietly married this
evening at S o'clock by Rev. W.
S. Urmy. the uncle of the groom and the
pastor of the Thirty-fourth-street Metho
dist Episcopal Church, Oakland. The
ceremony was performed at the parsonage
of the minister. 6S3 Thirty-sixth street.
Only the relatives and most 'intimate
friends of the couple were present.
Immediately after the wedding the pair
left for a two weeks* tour of the pleasure
resorts in the northern part of the State.
The marriage comes as a complete sur
prise to the large circle of /riends of the
bride and groom. The engagement has
never been announced and was hardly sus
pected by the majority of acquaintances.
After the honeymoon Mr. and Mrs. Thom
as will reside with the mother of the
groom, Mrs. Flora Thomas, at 200S Uni
versity avenue, this city.
The bride is the daughter of John H.
Buckbee of Menlo Park. The young lady
is a handsome blonde and is very popular
among the younger set of Berkeley.
CHURCH HOLDS
JUBILEE PICNIC
St. Peter's Parishioners
Enjoy Outing in Sun
set Park.
The jubilee picnic of St. Peter's parish
was held yesterday amid the shady glens
and densely wooded hills of Sunset Park,
in the Santa Cruz Mountains. Three spe
cial trains were required to convey the
Immense crowd to the grounds and it was
estimated that 3500 people attended the
outing. In all respects it was one of the
most successful parochial picnics that
was ever sent out from this city.
From the moment the picnickers reach
ed the park until their reluctant depar
ture late in the afternoon the mirth and
jollity never aoated for an instant. Danc
ing, games and races were in continual
progress. Of all the contests, however,
the j5g dancing probably excited the most
interest. Each contestant was required
to dance a reel and jig to the accompani
ir-ent of a fiddle. For the ladles Mrs.
Margaret Sicotte and Mrs. M. Sullivan
carried off the laurels, while for the men
Captain Phllgate and Ed Barry were ad
judged the victors.
The picnic this year was surrounded
with a particular interest on account of
its following so close upon the Rev. Fath
er P. S. Casey's silver jubilee. Twenty
live years ago this month he was or
dained a j>rlest and since that time he
has almost continually % been the beloved
pastor of St. Peter's parish. The money
derived from the picnic will be devoted to
the construction of a new parochial resi
dence. »
The priesthood of the city was well rep
re;-ented at the picnic. Among those pres
ent were Fathers Casey. Larkln, Yorke,
Lyons, Looney, Keane, Sullivan, Collopy,
Quinn. O'Hara, Ryan, O'Ryan, Heslin.
Powers, Heveran, Grant, Stokes and Col
: The winners of the races were as fol
lows:
Race for boys under 12 — First, James Deb
ney; second, George Creeley.
Race for boys between the ages of 12 and 16—
First, John Murphy; second. Charles Grellman.
Kace for girls under 12— First, Annie Dona
van; second. May Kerrigan.
Race for girls between the ages of 12 aod 16—
First Kitty Walsh; 6econd, Aileen Murphy.
Race for* altar boys under 12— First, Willie
Fitzgerald; second. Rey Mitchell.
Race for young men — First, James Waters;
second. Ben Crawford.
Race for married men— First, James A. Wag
ner; second. C. M. Brown.
Race for young ladies— First, Madallne Cas
tle : second, "Rose McQuade. ,
Race for members of Company I, L<easue of
the Cross— First, James Waters; second Ben
Crawford. PT^'''- „. *
Three-legged race— First. James Waters and
Ben Crawford; second, Thomas O'Brien and H.
Race for fat men— First, P. R. Ward; second,
P. O'Connor. •¦ " .
Race for members of the Young Ladies* So
dality—First, Miss Lydia. Burns; second. Miss
*». Colenian.
Race for altar boys between the ages of 12
and 16— First, J. J. Collaghan; second, John E.
Fitzgerald.
Race for married ladies— First, Mrs. C. J.
Ward; second, Mrs. P. M. -Connelly.
Companionship race— First. J. J. May and P.
Itaymon; second, Tom Gorman and Ben Craw
°Sack race— First? "W. P. Riordan; second, G.
McDonald.
-Each of the winners was presented with
an appropriate orize.
Oakland Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, June 20.— Marriage licenses
were Issued at the County Clerk's office
to-day to the following persons:
Charles E. Thomas of Berkeley, aged 26.
and May A- Buckber of Berkeley, aged
22; Morgan Brennan of San Francisco,
aged 36. and Ellen IS. UphonT of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 28; Thomas Fallon of Boston,
aged 28, and Julia Sweeney of San Fran
cisco, aged 25; George H. Le Roy of Oak
dale, aged S7, and Ruby Hahn of Oakdale,
aged 20; Raymond R. Riego of San Fran
cisco, aged 52. and Sarah D. Campbell of
San Francisco, aged 36.
• — :
Humane Society Meets.
At the meeting of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals held
yesterday Secretary Holbrook's report
showed that measures had been taken to
better the condition of more than 800 ani
mals during the months of April and May.
Louis P. Howe, Alfred Seyden, Edward
A. Buck, W. E. Bridge and Captain Louis
Bagletto were . appointed ofllcers of . the
society. The new. members elected to the
society are W. B. Ahlstrand, C. Besthorn,
Mrs. D. B. Collins, M. E. Van. Meter, W.
J. White, E. Carosio and August Joanon.
connected with several business enter
prises, which he has conducted with
marked success. In the last municipal
election he 'was elected Town Clerk by an
overwhelming majority.
A warrant was Issued yesterday by
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock for" the arrest of D. D. Wass on a
charge of defrauding the Government.
The complaint, drawn by United States
Attorney Woodworth, sets forth that in
November, 1S99. Wass defrauded the Gov
ernment by drawing $863 on false vouchers
for work alleged, to have been done on
the army transports Senator and the City
of Peking;' that the bills were sent to the
Government, charging pay for .twelve
hours' labor per day. when the men
worked only nine hours per day. ¦• The
charges were brought by an ex-employe
Wass Is V contractor and electrician,
and had several men in his charge on
electrical wcrk on the transports, and it
was for thi3 work that the alleged fraud
ulent vouchers were filed. Wass, when
asked about the charges, said that he had
simply charged for overtime and had
doubled the hours of overtime instead of
doubling the pay, which amounted to the
Sa i m has h beln reported' to the United States
District Attorney that Wass sent two of
his workmen to the residence of Captain
John Barnesqfn to do some electrical re
pairs and that Wass had the .account
made out as for the transports Senator
and Peking, after having collected $17 o0
from Captain Barneson. Wass bail has
been set at $1000. and he will be taken be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock this morning to have a day set
for his examination. •
Army Contractor Wass
Accused of Serious
Frauds.
OVERCHARGES
IN HIS BILLS
the result of the discovery by the plaintiff
immediately after her marriage a year
ago that her young husband was a de
faulter. The wife does not ask for any
thing from her erring husband, simply
desiring that she shall be freed from him
for all time.
The wedding of Miss Margaret Olcese
and Alfred Borlini took place a little more
than a year ago. While the young couple
were enjoying their wedding tour in the
southland Borlini confided to his wife
that he had embezzled from his employ
ers, the American Bank and Trust Com
pany, a large sum of money, hoping that
she would come to his rescue with her
wealth and shield him from disgrace and
the penitentiary.
But the bride was made of sterner
stuff. She realized that she had been
duped, that Borlini had married her not
for love but to get her to assist him out
of his trouble. She did not hesitate as
to which course to take. She left her hus
band immediately, coming home alone
and leaving him to follow.
There was nothing else for Borlini to do
The plaintiff Is the daughter of Mrs.
Margaret Olcese of 1030 Sixteenth street.
She is a handsome young woman,
and before her marriage was quite prom
inent in society circles. The Olcese-Bor
lini wedding was one of the. events of
Oakland society a year ago. .-• -
Borlini made several attempts toward
reconciliation with his wife, but she re
mained obdurate, refusing to entertain
any proposals from him. The where
abouts of Borlini is at present unknown to
the wife.
It was only through the efforts of in
fluential friends that Borllnl escaped the
penitentiary. They came to his rescue at
the critical time and made good the
amount of his stealings, upon the under
standing that ha would not be prosecuted.
The American Bank and Trust Company
kept its promise and Borllnl was after
ward allowed to go free. He was never
placed under arrest, but was detained un
der the surveillance of detectives, for two
weeks.
then than to confess his peculations to
his employers. This he did, with the re
sult that he suffered arrest and his down
fall was told broadcast. It was in vain
that Borlini's employers searched for a
clew to the cause of his peculations. He
was not addicted to drink and he did not
gamble. The only explanation apparently
was that his expensive habits led- him into
temptation. Borlini himself would not
tell what it was that brought ruin upon
him.
•¦.,-, ..•-¦. "i
% "WASHINGTON, June 20^-Civll govern
ment will be established in the Philip
pines on July i. ' Judge William H. Taf t
will be designated as Civil Governor. He
will remain at the head of the Philippine
Commission, which is to be continued.
The order creating him Civil Governor
will be issued by the President through
the Secretary of "War. . • '
Further details regarding the new gov
ernment are yet to be worked out. The
4th of July is not selected with a view
of having -an extraordinary inauguration
of the new government but simply be
cause the day is deemed by the adminis
tration a good day upon which to locate
what is. believed to be an auspicious
event in the history of the Philippines.
It is probable that members of the Philip
pine Commission will have charge, of the
different departments of the government.
. MANILA, June 20. — The provost marshal
has decided to accept an ordinary bond
for the release of D. M. Carman, the Cali
fornian arrested last February on charges
of having furnished the insurgents with
arms, ammunition .and supplies. He has
been held «under a bond of 510,000, but it
was decided last month not to prosecute
him at present, and he applied for a
reduction of bail prior to returning to the
United States.
Carman has received permission to leave
the islands for an Indefinite period, sub
ject, however, to the call of the Govern
ment. The action of the -provost marshal
tends to confirm the report already cabled
of the probability of Carman's ¦ ultimate
dismissal.
Civil. Rule Will Begin
on the Fourth of
TAFT TO GOVERN
THE PHILIPPINES
Mr. Walsh said that he could finish in
one day and Judge Frick thought that the
same amount of time would suffice for his
argument. The State will close on
Wednesday, so that on that day the case
will probably go to the jury.
It was expected that Brandes would go
upon the stand. in his own behalf. He has
repeatedly told his jailers that he should
insist upon doing so. When the other
witnesses for the defense had been exam
ined the accused called his attorney to
consult with him. After some minutes*
animated conversation Attorney Frick
announced that the defense rested. Frick
opposed the introduction of Brandes' tes
timony at the former trial when it was
offered by the prosecution earlier in the
trial, but Judge Ogden decided to allow
the transcript to be read to the jury on
the ground that it was an admission of
the prisoner touching the question of his
guilt or innocence. • .
When the case closed Deputy District
Attorney Walsh told the court he was
ready to proceed with the argument for
the prosecution, but Judge Frick asked
for a continuance until Monday to look
over the evidence.
The attorneys finally agreed to the con
tinuance. «
In rebuttal of this theory the prosecu
tion put witnesses on the stand to testify
that the noises were apparently made by
a soft body being thrown against the
walls of the house rather than by slam
ming doors. This testimony closed the
case.
The defense explained the noises of sup
posed beating heard by Brandes' neigh
bors on the night before the girl died as
caused by the slamming of doors in the
search for the money.^ which Lillian was
accused of stealinsr. v
The defense In the case of William A.
Brandes on the charge of murdering his
daughter Lillian closed to-day with the
testimony of Attorney F. W. Sawyer, who
identified a knife as one that was intro
duced at the former trial as the weapon
with which the girl attacked her step
mother shortly before the day of her
death.- . .-• • •
This evidence completes the chain of
evidence upon which Brandes relies .to
divert suspicion from himself, the other
links being the son's testimony that Mrs.
Brandes severely beat Lillian on the oc
casion of the alleged attack, and Mrs.
Brandes' own statement tliat her testi
mony, if given, would tend to incriminate
her. ¦ i ¦ ' ¦ • .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
( 1118 Broadway. June 20.
Defendant Does Not Take the
Stand to Testifyjn His
Own Behalf.
Argument in Case -Will
Begin Monday and
End Wednesday,
SECOND BRANDES
TRIAL IS ENDED
BERKELEY. June 20.— Dr. H. N. Ro
wen, the attending physician, declares
that under no circumstances shall Miss
Agnes Adams testify to-morrow at the
Inquest In the case of Dr. John G. Jessup.
¦who was shot by her father while he
tvas drink-crazed. The medico's fiat was
delivered this evening: when inquiry was
made concerning the condition of the
young woman whose appeal for assistance
brought death to her friend and accusa
tion of murder against her wretched
father. .
The physician explained . his emphatic
Ftand by declaring that his patient, tor
tured by the awful recollection of the
scene at the Adams residence and pros
trated by the mental and nervous shock,
was in no condition to undergo the ordeal
of a public examination such as the law
enforced a* n duty upon the Coroner.
"No, sir." insisted the. medical man.
"Miss Adams cannot go to the inquest,
and I shall under no condition think of
permitting such a course. She is hysteri
cal and distraught, ill mentally and physi
cally, and it would he a crime to send her
f>ut of her room at this time."
The Coroner has left the subpenaing
of witnesses In the hands of Deputy Cor
oner Streightiff. Dr. Rowell maintains
that he will not permit Mis=s Adams to
be subpenaed. Coro-er Mehrmann has
pet the Inquest for to-morrow morning at
9 o'clock, and it will go on at that hour.
Miss Adams* testimony will be required
by the Coroner, as she was the only per
son who saw any of the occurrences im
mediately attending the shooting of Dr.
Jessup.
Coroner Mehrmann said to-night that
he had no Aou\.t Miss Adams could give
her depesition before him and that he
would be prepared to take it at her pres
ent stopping place if she were unable to
be present at the Coroner's office.
Arrangement* for the funeral of Dr.
Jessup to-morrow afternoon have about
been completed. There will be addresses
by representatives of the organizations of
which th<* deceased dentist was a mem
ber. P. G. Bstts will speak for the Ju
nior Order of American Mechanics and F.
I* Wharff for the Cherokee Tribe of Red
Men. Other eulogists have yet to be se
lected. The funeral will take place from
Odd Fellows' Hall at 2 o'clock.
Will Not Testify Regarding
Shooting of Dr. Jessup
by Her Father.
Dr. Rowell Says She
Cannot Appear at
the Inquest.
MISS ADAMS
IS VERY SICK
THE SAN FRANCISCO FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 1901.
Final Chapter in the Romance of -¦•= Mrs. Mar
f garet Olcese-Borlini to Be Inscribed
in the Records of the Divorce Court
SEEKS LEGAL SEPARATION
FROM WAYWARD SPOUSE
BERKELEY'S TOWN CLERK
BECOMES A BENEDICT
Charles E. Thomas Claims Miss May Buck
bee of Menlo Park as His Bride and the
Friends of Both Are Much Surprised
OAKLAND. June 20.— Upon the
ground that he has deserted -and
failed to provide for her Mrs.
Margaret Olcese-Borllnl to-day
began, through her attorney, Gar
ret MeEnerney,- suit for divorce from her
husband, Alfred A.« Borlini. The suit Is
The groom Is one of the most prominent
and popular young men of Berkeley. He
graduated from the university In 1899 with
the degree of B. L. During his college
days he was the recipient of many stu
dent honors, holding the offices of speak
er of the Students' Congress, editor In
chief of the Dally Callfornlan, and presi
dent of the Associated Students. He also
made a reputation as a student of un
usual brilliancy and promise. Since his
graduation he has been admitted to the
bar, but has not practiced. He has been
9
JUNE TWENTY-THREE, NINETEEN HUNDRED AND ONE.
;. BECAUSE | ,-
a pair of OF LOVE fiction; books,
DFRFFCT - A nephew of Sir Mi- FASHIONS
SHOULDEBS. ™* x " a scene- AND STORIES OF
shifter in a Bakcns-
niuslratcd by photos ol field theater. Read ;-. .-... HUMAN
some o! San Francis-? his pathetic story In
co's society women. next Sunday's CalL INTEREST. I
THE HOUSE BEAUTIFUL
BY KATE 6REENLEAF LOCKE.
THE tAMP IS WORKING A TALK WTTli
m FOB LOVE MR
FAVOR AGAIN, m infants* shewed DAVID BELASCO.
',.,'..¦,. Bejinninj o! a scries ..
ol articles on the in-
stitutions o! San
Francisco in which
women are the mov-
. inj spirits«"«"«»*»«"«»
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL
•:¦:: ?:•":•:* : : '" ..: :v ' ; ' — mmTHE SAN FBANCISOO JCALIi, FRIDAY, ; JUNE 21, 1901;
10
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut.' , 1019 Market st.-'
ACCORDEON 'pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
_ _ KDUCATIONAL. _ _
GALLAGHER-MARSH "college," ParroTn>idg!—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac^
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,"
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions;" new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship, $50; individual
Instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for £he ; university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pbelan building.
MERRILL-MILLER College-Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. : Individual Instruction ; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,minlnff,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A^FULL course cf Ellis bookkeeping and- the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st. -.,.7
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR, exp., acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
INSTRUCTION In grammar grade and high
school work. Apply 86 South Park; refer-
ences. MISS JEAN PARKER.
A— PIANO lessons and English branches at
pupils' home. 50c lesson. Box 3413. Call.
PROF. L. MERKI. successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1008 Mission St. nr. 6th.
Munscn, School Shorthand.Typing.Bookkeeping,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter.pr.
VIOLIN thoroughly taught. MRS. . MAUD
MONKS, 2211 Fillmore st. ; tel. Geary 717.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
— -^~*~*., ~ .«~v,,,.,.£-
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional . diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. S Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Housecleanlng Co.— Thoroughly re-
liable; beat help sent s-hort notice: competent
men. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.; 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — By kind, reliable, willing' woman,
. care of children and assist; good home more
than large wages. Address or call MRS.' L.-
B., 775 Mission St., Wilson House.
WOMAN wants work by the day ¦ washing or
housecleanlng, 75c a day and car fare. Box
3333. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman;
understands housework thoroughly;, moder-
ate -wages. Address 912 Howard st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing,
ironing or any kind of housework. 1648 Mis-
sion st.
AN elderly American woman wants position to
assist in light housework ln small family;
small wages. 1C99 Third st., Oakland. !
COLORED woman wants work by the day,
laundry or cleaning. 253 Jessie st., near 4th.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day.
Call or address Sunday, 1 Polk st.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, neat and. relia-
ble, wishes to go as housekeeper; used to the
care of children; capable to do entire work
of family; wages $12 month. Box 3599, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish second girl desires
situation; best of refs. Miss Cullen. 325 Sutter.
YOUNG lady wants position as housekeeper.
Room 15, 827A Howard st.
WANTED— Plain sewing and gents' mending
to dc at home. Call 130 Fourth st.
YOUNG lady would like position in family as
nurse girl and teach music lessons. I Apply
1217 Folsom st r ,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third" St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to ?l 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. -. ' ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — By young man. clerical position;
has attended university two years; gorxl ref-
erences as to character. 2320 Blake St., Berke-
ley. ____^ ¦ •¦-
WANTED by middle-aged man. single, coach-
man, gardener, milk and general work around
place, city or countrv; references. Please ad-
dress P. LEE, box 3419. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED, experienced man, familiar
with city, wants to drive and take care of
one or two horses. Box 3326. Call office.
BARBER— First-class workman wants work;
city or country. Apply box 3598, Call.
FIRST or second gardener wants place. Ad-
dress E. S.. box 33S7, Call.
BARBER, 2 years' experience, \wants work
with good man. Box 3410, Call offlce.
YOUNG man who can speak French, German,
Spanish. Dutch and ' English fluently wishes
a situation in a hotel; can furnish best of
reference. Box Call offlce.
A MAN wants a position to do any kind of
work; home more of an object than wages.
Box 3409, Call offlce. ,
EXPERIENCED purser, freight or shipping
clerk, is open for engagement. Box S404, Call.
MAN and wife would HUe situations ln pri-
vate family in country: woman a good cook
' and housekeeper, man to do any kind of
work about the place; good, steady people.
Box 36S9, Call office. . ¦ ,
ELDERLY man wants work in the city or
-country to tend to horses or cows and make
himself useful around the house; reference.
278 Natoma Et. • ,
$100 BONUS — Position wanted by experienced
shipmaster as officer of steamer or master
eail. Box 3587. Call offlce. ¦-.=•-..-*
LAUNDRYMAN, reliable, sober, wants posi-
tion as marker and distributer In country
1 laundry; will make hlma^lf generally use-
, ful. ' Box 3C72, Call. .-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. "200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O'J6
Valencia st. '
FLATS TO LET.
APPLY Sutter, 2300 — 6 sunny rooms; appreciated
If seen; $22 50; water free; please Investigate.
RAUSCH, 81, near FolsiSm— To let, upstairs
flat; 4 sunny rooms. ' ' ;¦>"...
UPPER flat, 3 rooms. 511 Linden ave., be-
tween Laguna and Buchanan sts. ; rent $10.
NICE corner sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath;
furnished or unfurnished.. 41 Hermann st.
803 PAGE St.; 5-room flat and bath; $17 50; well
located and healthy.
ELEGANT furnished 'flat for sale, 4 rooms and
bath. 411 Ellis "st ' ¦ . '
FURNITURE FOR SALE,
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 . Market.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale .cheap;' no
dealers need apply. Inquire 3S3 Hayes Bt. .
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co..\14C2 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071..-
BEFORE disposing , of - your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co.. M2S Howard st. '
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354*
Auctioneer— L.Vincent.1305 Larkin: tel.Poik 694;
.. furniture & furn'd houses : bought: spot cash.
CHAS. . LEVY ¦'¦ buys your, furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Bt. ; tel. ; 761 Jessie.
HELP WASTED FEMALE,,..'
MRS M'E. DAY... :....... [PHONE MAIN 1575
HOTEL' DEPARTMENT .<.. -......:
2 • waitresses, Santa Cruz, > $20; ,. 2 1 waitresses,'
' -. springs, -125; 2 .waitresses, mountain/resort,"
$25. free fare' both ways; ¦ 15 , waitresses, city
and country, $25 and $20; .chambermaid,
south, see party here.t4MUMftPW«i»»wm!|H%j
..........' FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Many city and ¦ country ' places for cooks - and
houseglrls. ¦ best wages.
MRS. M.E. DAY...... ........ ..335 Geary, st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. . 12—
.- Waitresses,' springs. Lake. Co... $20. "
BUTTONHOLE operators to operate on ' Singer
¦ machine at Levl Strauss &'Co.'s overali:fac-
tory, 32',i Fremont st. Apply to MR.' DAVIS.
HELP WAJfTKP-^-FRUT * T.^ — ****--_
AT C.- R. HANSEN& CO^'S:..".104 Geary /st".-
• • ••• hotel department... ••
Z waitresses and a pantrywoman -. for first-
class commercial hotel $25, see party here
this morning, fare paid. ............••••••••••••••
Pantrywoman, springs, faro paid, see party
.nere ¦....'...;...;. • '....'........-. $-»
V 20 waitresses, , springs," "all over the State,
fare paid. , parties can be seen here for most
of them ............. „......;. :..........:.....
Commercial and city hotel waitresses.. $20, $25
Plain laundress, summer resort ...........$25
••••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Houseglrls, : cooks, second girls, j nurseglrls. :
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ....... ..10* Geary. St.
WANTED— Protestant cook, $35, no wash, for
San Jose, American family; cook, plain wash,
Monterey County $35- cook, no wash, Stock-
ton, $30; parlor maid and waitress; $25, see
lady this forenoon in office; second girl, $23;
6 waitresses > for springs, $25; 2 waitresses,
-country hotel, ,$25; 4 waitresses, city family
hotels, $20; nurse girl,' - $20; lroner, country
laundry. $30; Protestant laundress, family
work. $30; 88.Kirls for housework in city and
country, $20 to" $30. -Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 316 Sutter st. . - .
WANTED— Bright capable lady to travel and
appoint agents ; must be in good health, un-
incumbered and furnish first-class references;
salary, $100 per month and all expenses; po-
, sition permanent; no experience necessary.
. Sales department. 900 Star bids.. Chicago.
HAIRDRESSING taught complete 2 weeks; $5,
• Including manicuring:, and facial massage :
positions grnteed. ; big salary at start; even-
ing classes. - Hairdressing College, 574 Geary
St.. S. F., and 1218 Clay et., Oakland.
GIRL for general housework; 5 wages $20;
American family. 710 Cole St., - between
Frederick and Waller. ¦
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; wages $20. 1322 Masonic ave.. North
. Berkeley. • '
FINISHERS on pants wanted at once; steady
work. HENRY HILP, 102-106 Battery st.
IRONERS— G. W. REYNOLDS' muslin under-
wear factory, 597 Mission st., cor. Second. ,
WANTED— Elderly woman to care for two
' small children. Apply 1012 Battery st.
TAILOR wanted r good wages. 2841 Greenwich
st., near ' Presidio. , . ' . .. ¦
GIRL for second work and : sewing. Apply 1124
Gough.st. - . . '¦'
GOOD position for girl; not under 20. Call
at office, 17 Grant ave.
WANTED— A girl for light housework. 3037
Washington st. v •¦ •'.
WANTED— Ladies to travel ; salary $18 a week,
all expenses; no canvassing; experience un-
necessary; $25 cash security required.- Call
at Florence Hotel, 102 Ellis St., KNAPP CO.
WANTED— 2 first-class lady ironers; one of
them must be able to run shirt machine;
wages, ironer. $30 and found : polisher. $35
and found. N. JOENSEN, Woodland, Cal.
OPERATORS wanted at Levt Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory \32K Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. \ " - • ¦ . ¦ ¦ .
WANTED— Lady with considerable experience
In laboratory work for wholesale drug house.
Address box 340fi, Call office. '
WOMAN for light housework; good horje if
willing to assist lady doctress; good pay;
state, age. Bex 36S6, Call office.
LADY typewriter and advertising solicitor
wanted. 62S1 Montgomery, room 16, 3d floor.
NEAT young girl, from 14 to 17, to help with
housework. 1527 'Fifteenth st.
WANTED — Excellent opportunity *for woman
over 25; must - have business experience and
executive ability. Box 35CO. Call office.
RELIABLE woman, with or without a child 4
to 5 years old, to do light housework and care
for woman and child. 2520 Mission st.
GIRL to assist 'in housework: sleep at home.
737 Castro St., near Twentieth.
WOMAN wanted to do light housework. Apply
MRS.- JOCHEIMS, 110 Berry St.
FIRST-CLASS operators on vests! BELASCO-
HARRIS.CO., 541 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established -at 1098
Valencia gt. __^
HELP AVAVTED-MAIiE.
A-MURRAY^^HE^Y^TrrrThonTrMaiirisiS
Leading Employment and Labor Agent3. j
Office Oyen 7 a. m. To-day.
RAILROAD WOnlC. UKIAII
C. N. W. R. R PASS ..UKIAH
,-Eu laborers; ship free..'. %i day
50 teamsters; morning and afternoon. .12 day
S. P. R. R. Co.'s own work FREE FAKE
v 7j men to work on section, steel, rock, bal-
last and extra gangs on all divisions in Cal-
ifornia, including Los - "Angeles and Santa
Barbara divisions...... ....;
FREE FARE; office fee $1..... ....'.
'• ......wages $1 75 to $2 25 day
5 .J % ' are housemen.... ......;. $40 and found
1375 laborers for different places ;.....
3 laborers; fare 70c .$38 and found
25 laborers; near city $60
SO laborers for a large company.. %i day
• lo quarry men j> day
84 drillers and powder men $2 25 day
125 laborers for sawmill, '$26 to $40 and found;
. fare paid... ship to-day
lv laborers for electric R. R., board home,
Jl 75 a day
15- laborers, San Mateo Co. $32 and found
10 laborers to dig a ditch; dry work; $175 a
day; see boss here
3 laborers; factory; city '. $1 73 day
300 men; R. R. work FREE FARB
47 laborers, no experience required, to work
in and on top of mines..
• • $75, $60 and $34 and found
¦ ¦• MINES
2 Burlelgh drillers... $3 day
,3 machine miners; 10 single-hand miners'; 4
more asphalt miners; see bo3s here; $2 day
and found; fare refunded... r
SAWMILL. AND AVOODS:
10 crosscut sawyers; free fare. .$35 and found
5 jackscrewers. Sonoma Co $35 and found
4 line men, 3 yard men, 5 woods men, $30 and
found ...'.......
10 laborers for mills, yards and« woods; free
fare; ship to-day $26 to $i0 and>fo'und
NEW WORK.. '....DITCH WORK
10 drillers. $2 50 day; 10 tunnel men. $3 day;
za laborers, $2 25 day; see boss here..........
shingle-packer $35 and found
HARVEST FARMS DAIRIES
247- men to work In harvest and hay fleld3 in
all parts of State, $1 25. $1 50 and $2 day; 5
farmers* fruit ranch, fare 50c. $2S and found;
5 fruit pickers, 430 and found; 125 farmers,
6tearly Jobs. %2ii to $20 and found; 76 milkers,
different dairies, $30 to $33 and found; 3
milkers, city; butter maker; ' stablemen;
teamsters for mine, steady job, $10 and
found .'....
MECHANICAL HELP.......'.!'.!".
15 blacksmiths, city and country shops and
ranches. $3 SO, $3 day, $50. $10 and found....
wagon-maker and wood worker, $3 day; car- i
riage painter; 4 carpenters for a large ranch.
$40 and found; carpenter, fare $1, $2 25 and
found; helper in boiler shop, $2 25 day; hold-
er in boiler shop, '$2 day; 2 boys to deliver cir-
culars ........: ; ...:.......*..
..HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS..
Cook, country hotel, fare 30c,:$10 and found;
cook, country hotel, $15 and found....
15 ranch cooks, $25 to $3.1; 5 cooks for orch-
ards, $30 and found; 17 cooks/hotels and res-
taurants; 15 waiters: porter, country hotel.
$25; cook, small camping party. $20 and
found; 5 bakers, city and country; laundry
- help; 2 cooks;, harvest crews,, $30 and $35..,.
man and wife, harvest crtw, $.">0; 2 men to
¦clean cattle casings, $32; man and wife,
Orchard company, . see boss here, $50
. butcher, country shop. $40 aad found
MURRAY & READY. ......... 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
. 59 Third st.; Telephone Bush 405.
60 railroad laborers...... $1 75"to $2 25 per day
FREE FARE
¦ 8 lumber pilers, (35 to $45 per mo. and board
5 rough carpenters $2 60 per day
10 men. to ballast track :...$2 per day.
5 bark- peelers .-.$45 per month and board
23 drillers, $2 50 per day ." country
10 men for harvest fields .....$2 per day
Blacksmith, country town $3 50 per day
Spool tender, logging woods.... 53 and board
Edtrerman, sawmill, country 35c per hour
60, railroad teamsters for Uklah $2 per day
50 railroad laborers, Ukiah...:..$l 75 per day
FREE FARE .. FREE FARE
20 common laborers..' ......' $2 25 per day
25 tunnelmen. Shasta Co $3 per day
v Man to milk 14 cows, $26, see boss here 11 a.m.
. 5 teamsters, city 7 $125 and board
Man to wash buggies and harness.. $20 and fd.
10 men to work on a ditch,: $1 73 and $2, board
$3 50 per 'week
20 FARMERS for bay counties. $23, $26 and $30;
8 mUker3, $30 and $35; butter-mak'er,' $40;
sheep-herder, $23; teamster for orchard; 2,
farmers and wives, small places. $35 and $45; '
choreman and milk four cows. $30;- 2 stable-
men, $30; sack-sewer. $2 50 a day; miners: la-
borers of ail kinds. ?2 to $2 25 a day; lumber-
pilers, $3.'>, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., C28 Sacramento st. ¦¦ '. ¦
3 RESTAURANT cooks; $G0 and $40 and found
: and' $12 50 a week; ¦ porter for • saloon, , $7.\: a
week; hotel porter and wife, $50; hotel porter,
• country, $25; cook * for camping party, $20» !
•v 4 colored > boys • for ' steamer, $20. and found; I
cook for resort, $40; waiters and others. : J.
F. . CROSETT & CO. , 628 Sacramento st. . : ,
S. F. EMPLOYMENT Office. 323 Kearny . st.—
Baker's helper. . must understand - German ;
20 R. R. teamsters, Ukiah,- $2 day: free fare;
»125 laborers,- lumber mill and ' R. ; R. work.
A— HOTEL' GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
.. —Broiler. $60; fry cook, '¦ $40; restaurant cook,
- , $75; . chef,' $80: colored waiter.; $35. . •,._.,-•
JOURNEYMEN. Barbers' Union meets MON-
day night at 8:45 o'clock. Election of officers.
All members, are requested .to 'attend at 32
O'Farrell st. •• :¦ ' ' I. LESS; Sec. L
JOURNEYMEN, Barbers' International Union—
. Free ; employment.- . 527.- Market st.'. •; room : 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; . telephone ; Jessie , 1176. .
WANTED — Two men to canvass from house to
/ house with' an ; article 'needed in. every house;
'..': can make from $4 to $5 a day easy. Apply 4
' , Sutter place, near Lamina gf. ¦ -
A-PRINTED list houses to let : send *°_ ££
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$30-3-STORY bay-window house o' 8 "" 111 ?^
bath 5 stable; 1829 Howard st y F l Q i som
ROBINET, 41U6 California st. or. W2 . * oisuu«
st; key at 1S25 Howard st
A-ELEGANT c wner house : of ""^"iS?
bath.-. 1125 Leavenworth st.. cor. Sacramento.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED. j|
COMFORTABLY" furnished house of .9 ™?™, a
and bath; centrally located. Box «"- a>i !
COTTAGE of 8 rooms: 6 furnished complete
for housekeeping; rent $16. 818 Church st.
INSTANTANEOUS WATER H^gggj
HOT bath In ten minutes at cost of 2%c; " ave *
fire In range; you light vour flame and by tne
time you are disrobed your bath Is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installments,
call and see It in operation. RIBBOjN
WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r^607^
|J LOST <. AND FOUND.
LOST— Small white fox terrier; Uver-colored
spot on left eye ; no collar. Reward $5 ir re-
. turned to 2323 Hyde st ¦
LOST— Jeweled chain lorgnette and locket; re-
ward. Address MRS. GRAHAM. Rosa Sta-
; ; tlon. Marln County. '
LOST— Scarf pin; pearls surrounded .by dia-
monds. Reward by returning to 5 Montgom-
ery st, San Francisco. -.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis
MATTItESSES AyP PILLOWS-
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 and 413 Powell
st: tel: Bush 421. Factory 318 & 320 11th Bt
~™~ MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED eciallst; those who desire to
obtain results I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain:
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment: the most won-
derful; simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, j tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
¦ gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual organs: treat yourself; be your own
doctor: 4 months' suppository treatment,^ $4;
maternity home; bust developer; send stamp
for circulars. 1126 Market St.. S. F., Cal.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give in-
• stant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale'g.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market, ladles'
I specialists; 32 years'-Dractice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other: positive cura
guaranteed at offlce: patients treated can re-
-turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female
; complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain: best cure: fee low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market, nr. Mason.
DR. AND MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable; 25 yrs" experience: treatment guarn'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles,
avoid Incompetent specialists : consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs.*
i successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. POPPER, female specialist; no pills or
: medicine used. 1514 Devisadero st. nr. Geary.
; T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all.
I skin diseases. NW. cor. G. 0?. ave. & Flllmore.
/MINES ANIT .MIXING.
DIVIDEND paying mining stocks at 3c, 5c and
10c per share; send for prospectus. Pacific
! States Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
; INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
; BARS, back bars, i mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables.. btirroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on har.d; 32 complete outfits on
ono floor, ready made; we can ship everytnlng
24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1C17, 1013, • 102V 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED collies, cocker spaniels.
Great Danes and St. Bernard puppies, set-
ters, pointers, fox, Scotch, skye, spitz. York-
shire, silver and bull terrier pups. Dachshund
and Japanese pugs at College Kennels, 113
Haight st.'; phone Page 1472.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulley3,
. etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st, near Pine.
FINE suits. |10; dress pant?. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE, 51S Mission st.
SECOND-HAND safe. ZV2X0M cheap. Box. 3413
Call offlce.
12 VERY nice parrots Trom Panama, 55-eachT"
S24 Greenwich st., near Powell.
NINE rooms and basement; must be moved;
apply on premise?. 1535 Post st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO., 123 Ellis st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes? THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St., San I>an.
$84 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chlne $37 SO.. 109 Montgomery st. -. V;
ONE 4-horse-power Covey engine: one 2%-
horse-power Hercules; bargain. 910 Kearny.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Bcale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10- ton hay scale; jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE engines. 2d-hand, and other ma-
chlnery bought and sold. Epstein, S3S Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
; FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
j MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
! tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
WE pay big. prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
• 3IISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— At Central Theater, six donkeys
to be used . on the stage in mammoth Pro-
duction of Uncle Tom's Cabin. Apply to-
day at the box offlce of the theater after
11 a. m.
WANTED— Gasoline marine engine, two-cycle
1V4 to 2 HP.; state price. Address 423 Park
ave.. East Oakland.
A. KLEIN still pays the best price for clothing
bric-a-brac, etc. 109 6th; phone Folsom 1094!
WANTED—A double bowling and shuffleboard
alley. Call or address 1516 Curtis st. Oakld.
H. LIPTON- pays highest price for cast-off
¦ clothing. 7 Spring st.. nr. Cal.; tel. Green 594.
TILTON wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
skirts, street dresses. . 154 9th ; tel. Folson?^
Ji![°Jl E X. TO ''OAX.
A— MONEY to loan at ra^eT^hlciTp^plTcan
afford. to pay on furniture, pianos, etc!; do
not borrow of your friends or /you will lrw»
their friendship; do business with straneert
and you will be better saUsfled : no deUy? no
publicity.' Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market' st
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~ ~ — = — '
and you need more money see H - MUR^hy*
€30 .. M , a , r i, et , st - Loans on ••tot.. inS'
gages"! «c. lntereatS lD eStates ' »^ond mSrtl
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates in probate Interest
ln estates, legacies, corporation loans chattel
. mortgages and securities Room 16 1st fl^A-
Chronicle building.- HALLORaV^ OlSEn!
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mortgages
undivided Interest, real estate in
mortgages and legacies bought; £k3g?£l
MCCOL^AN^ Mn n f bMl^'^wfe g R
MciULOA?., A Montgomery at., room 3.
H , I .? HL , Y J es 2«ctable. private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. .94? Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. • Branch 19 Third st
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond*'
•watches. Jewelry. TV". J HESTHAT in oi .h 1
highest price ; for O l d g O ldr E nvet diamonds?
LOAViasT rates on furniture, etc. by nrivat«
party; no removal{ no commission; confident
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory, bldg" 301 ° Jones'
ON furniture, pianos; no removal- nn '
quick; lowest interest; easy tcr^s- no broker
age; reliable party. 1170 MarkV? st" room es"
; O $?0^^a y^ 2^g--th t on i e a^
MOXTY TO LO AX— -C<m tinned.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
3% on furniture, and pianos r $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st
ON salaries or wages : no indorser required. 8.
g. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no tndorser: Eastern
. plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100 000 TO loan on real estate- or for building;
low rate. 223 Sansome St.. room. 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and. discounts.
321 Parrot building. \ '
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wltlwnt
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building
" MOJTEY TVAS11CD.
SmoVaXTED for real estate deal: nortsk:
large returns. Exchange and Safe Offlce.
Phelan building. 1___^^^^^^__^^
1 MUSICAL lySTRUMKyTS.
$75 or $100 or $150 or $200 Is not too much to pay
for a good second-hand piano— If you buy at
the richt place. This Is the right place and
we have lots of good bargains to show; we
give the privilege of exchanging: any piano
purchased from us for a Decker A Son at
any time within 5 years from date of pur-
*?' an a allow full amount paid.
THE ZESO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7tt
Market at.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN CLAY
4 CO may be exchanged for a new- Stelnway
upright w baby grand piano any time within
shears from date of purchase, and ha.f» full
price ™llow?d. New upright piano- $8 p« r
SS"*? pianos sold^K $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. tiAi « CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Its Sin Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland. ;
TjnfOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
MwkTt it. to our large and elegant quarters.
341 Post st.. opposite Union square. Are now
nrepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post st. between Stock-
ton and Powell. '-' -
ANY piano sold by ua taken back any tlm»
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
Ertce- costs you only 20c a day to buy a
SSno from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O-Farrell Tt: established 1850.
a LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son 1 Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaa. X
Sterling $75 $125. $145. etc. : easy payments.
BENJ CtTRTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farrell «..
Chlcke-ing Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo.* king of self-players.
ALL makes: great bargains: $50 up; rents $2
up allowed; we' want agents everywhere:
Dlanos furnished free: you get first money
when you sell. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217
* Geary st. •
BARGAINS— Fischer. Weber, Manner. Nugent.
Hallet & Davis; easy payments. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st.
A SPLENDID Stelnway: uprights $100; pianos
rented $2 upward. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
?So— FINE upright: baby grand Stelnway: other
makes. FAY'S Piano Factory. 1729 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNQ'S. 218 McAllister.
NEW works put In your old piano. BYRON
MAUZY'S Factory. SC8 Post st.
LARGE 3-pedal upright r>lano: absolute sacrt-
. flee; leaving city. 127 Hyde st. near Turk.
LUDWIG planofl the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO., general agents. 933 Market it.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CTJRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright 21?
Geary st. room 38.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-
All'ster st. '
AT WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market St.. yoa
can set storage pianos almost for a song.
STTPFRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MCLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latha-m olic-.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Sunny offices, <15 to $20: usual services.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land ln nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c; btsr advanc»
in a few days/ Pacific States MInlns and
Investment Co ; . 326 Pfrst. Open evenings.
OIL tanks second hand. In good order: all
sizes; cheap. K.- S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
'.',;•.. PALMISTRY.
MRS. WM. M'M ANUS. 'scientific paiajtil, TeL
Blue 311. 10 to a. Re3ld«qce 73^. Cu-errer\
MME. GER&AINE. the business palmist v o£
the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 9C6 Market «t \
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet Geary and Post; teL Black 5S1.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist and character
reading: le»son« in class and private. 817 Jones.
PAINTERS"* AND
WE paper parlors* or rooms from $3 up: paint-
ing done. 319 Third st Hartman Paint Co.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good rell-
able wnrfc. fiark'*. S»S Lnrlon: t»l.L«'kl*» "*,«>
PEttSOXALS.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: TOO rooms:
23c to tl 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $13 up. LEON LEMOS. 1111
Market 9t. between Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. W. H. MAY please call at my offle*
to-day; very important. JAME3 TREAD-
WELL, 3£8 Montgomery st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single. thre«-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1313 Stockton st. near Broadway.
POISON oak cured ln one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 469 Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MOLES, warts and corns guaranteed taken out
without pain. 24 Fifth -at. room 19.
Ladles' and gents* cast-oft clothing bought and
sold. J. SUverman. 93t Folsom ;tel.Folsom 1131.
TAILOR made suit3. $7 50; dress pants. $2 M.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2113 Bush: hours 2 to 3. ex-
cept Th. and Sat.:, electrolysis: 17.years* exper.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market at
AliFREDlTMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all, druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl«;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com enre: ?¦>: nil druggist".
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEOSS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
• 1021 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
. testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellla.
v^. : : . ; PHYSIOGNOMY. ~
SCIENTIFIC delineation of character by face
or photo. Mary O. Stantcn. 810 Leavenworth:
verbal read's, tl: printed chart. 12 50: lessons.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here ln your
- midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years:
over fifty names of prominent business men
sent as reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1930. CalJ
offlce. S. F.. Cal.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
SHOTWELL. 924. near 23d— «3-ft. front: warm
belt: house. 9 rooms and bath: garden: 2-
story stable: 14-foot drive; sun all around.
FOR sale— New cottage 4 rooms, bath, large
' basement, near Union st. 3022 Pierce st
IF you hava Ints to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GT7NN. 830 California st.
REAL ESTATE TO Kt CHANGE.
ONE improved property In Oakland and one
unimproved In Berkeley; no ¦ lncumbrance;
value $2500 each: exchange for San Fran-
cisco Improved or unimproved property: will
assume mortgage. A. S. PARE. 420 Mont-
gomery. room 20.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
FINE stock farm of 620 acres near Marysvllle:
430 acres wheat. 13 acres garden, berries ant)
fruits, balance summer fallowed; water right
2CC0 Inches of water goes with place; ditch
will cover several thousand acres; wate:
right alone is worth price asked for place;
this must be sold to close an estate:' prlc»
* $25 an acre. Address box 476. Marysvllle. CaL
BUY ln Napa County; no droughts* no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for fret
• copy 'SXasa County Vltlculturtsrt." The W.
• A. MACKLNDKR CO.. St. Helena. C«J.
POULTRY_and dairy ranches for sale: write foi
free list C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal
SAX FRAJf CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The • San ; Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street, open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. in.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2230 rillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comma ndery No. 1. K. _ .g._
T. 8 Post ct.— Regular assembly THIS gsp
<FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Or- fCS
der of the Temple. All fraters cordial- \JSJ»
ly invited. By order of the Com-
mander. HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL. Lodge No. 22. F. and A. |»"T
M-. THIS <FRIDAY) EVENING, at _4\^
7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order of 5C^\
the W.vM. /^r>
WALTER G. ANDERSON'. Sec
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K. .^hbw.
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) j£&*®K
EVENING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer £83*3^1
Hall. 24 Foarth st. / vSlMFSil
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper. rl '*
REGULAR meeting of the Caledo- v KT Nr,
nian Club THIS EVENING at 8 J*WJ
o'clock, Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st. "VVoXfi*
A. M. llacPHERSON. Chier.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Sec.
THERE will be a special meeting of the Coal
Teamsters' Union held at 14 Third St., FRI-
DAY EVENING. June 21. 1931. Important
business to be transacted. Bv order of
J. BLAKE. President.
AGENTS WASTED.
WANTED— A few good solicitors for a good
proposition. GOLDEN RULE BROKERAGE
Office. 10CS% Market st., room 4.
AGENTS can make $2 to $3 per day. Call
at $3 Taylor st.
ASPHALTL'M ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folgora 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty;' private;
no fee without success; collections.- G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market.cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
BERKELEY lady would like children to board;
good home: fresh cow. 2127 Prince Et., Ash-
by station.
WOMAN ¦wishes to take charge of a child; a
good home and plenty of fresh air; terms rea-
sonable. Address box 3405. Call office.
GOOD country home for children, -with best
of care. H. M.. 933 Forty-sixth st. Oakland.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care;sunny yard;nr.gchool;reasonahle.l607 Cal.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS~of~every" kind bought! TeT^ReT^asS.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 7O4-7C6-70S Mission st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A RARE chance— J430; restaurant about two I
blocks south of Phelan building; rent $30;
daily receipts average S30; meals from 15c up;
living room; clearing $100 per month. Call R.
G. W1LKE, 26% Kearny st. . ,: ; .\
A— £2000; GROCERY with bar; rent $30; on
Fourth St.. close to Market; a. well-known
and good-paying business: sickness of wife
compels owner to leave the city. ; Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
J130O— CANDY store and factory In Oakland;
rent $30; the place clears above J20O per
month: owner has other business and must
tell. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $350: DELICACY store and branch bakery
with S living rooms: rent $18:- kept by owner
11 years: choice business location. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER grocery and bar; estab.
years; living rooms; rents $25; located en lead-
ing business st.. oor. Natoma: death in farnilv
cause gale. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— S700; CORNER grocery and bar with 3 llv-
ing rooms; rent $16; choice location In. the
Mission; a steady and good-paying business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. :>¦>¦-
A— $2000; COUNTRY saloon. SO miles from S.
F. : rents $33: place doing business of $SOCO per
year; license $100 per year; lease. Partial -
_ lars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750: SALOON : no better located place in
this city; rent $30: place riears easily |150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
IliOO — LIQUOR store: downtown corner.
$500 — Country saloon and restaurant; no op-
position.
$1200— Dairy and good paying route.
J475 — Candy store and icecream parlor.
S12E — Cigar store; laundry agency.
f500 — Saloon; transfer corner; low rent.
JE50 — Restaurant, downtown; fixtures, etc
worth J500. ¦ .V ¦
We have some very genuine business oppor-
tunities well worth investigation.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market St.
A — WE have buyers for cilgar store, $1000; sa-
locn. $4000 to 15000; barber shops, $5C0 and
$11CO; general business. $600 and $1000;- list
your business with us: no charge for adver-
tising. "WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market.
!*S50— PARTNER wanted ia old established
commission business; will clear $75 to $100
per month to each; no experience required.
Se» STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny et.
Ol* can be suited in any kind of business by
calling at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market Et..
near Fifth. Phor.e. Mint 191L
>— MOO; PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness: must be satisfied with $100 mo.; re's,
required and given. FISHER. 925 Market st.
1FFICE— Real estate office for sale. JOSEPH
BAILIE. 753 Market St. - .
"OR sale— A first-class branch bakery, with
soda fountain and Icecream implements.
Apply Modern Bakery. 344 Sixth st.
PLENDID store In' right location for any
business: low rent. LICHTENSTEIN. 15
Grant ave.
200— MUST sell: 6aloon; bargain; rood reasons.
€40 Commercial St.. 2 doors from Kearny.,
PARTNER with J1000; sure; large profits; in-
vestigate. Box 2421. Call office.
FOR sale— Whole or half Interest in bakery,
interior city, first-class location: good busi-
ness, clearing $30© to $100 per month; can
be fully investigated. Address "Anna Ba-
kery." box 3401, Call office. San Francisco.
I A GOOD, live man with $150 can make $2000
to $3000 per year either In Oregon. Nevada
or Arizona; exclusive State aeency for manu-
factured goods. Call or address J. W 221
Parrot t building. =.-¦-¦,¦
FOR sale at a .bargain— First-class country
hotel, on railroad and terminus of etage
line; has all the stage patronage; owner re-
tlring. Address box 341L Call office.
DAIRY depot clearing $2 daily; b*?£t offer in
town; f?CO win take it; some delivery if de-
sired Box 3504. Call office.
1150— BRANCH bakery and variety store- bar-
gain. "549 Bryant st.
LADY partner as clerk In established dyeing
and . cieanine office. Box 3328, Call office.
DYEING and cleaning business for sale cheap
Apply 2518 Market st.
MILK depot for sale cheap. Call branch, 106
Eleventh St.
GOOD opening for bsrber shop end baths In
hotel: also tailor. 718 Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. S200 FHlroon? rt.
LODGING-HOCSES FOR SALE.
H. C—DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 796.
...TT. Established Over 26 Years
10 rooms on Kddy $550
Zl rocms on Market 170o
21 rooms en Taylor nso
33 rooms; corner 1S0O
]-' rooms in Oakland 4M
?K-room house; cure to clear $100 700
25 rooms; all rented; clears $175 3000
26 rooms; elegant corner; clears $150 1300
29 rooms; on Market; clears $200 1S00
21 rooms; fine and sunny: clears $140 1200
10 rooms; very central ;^3n Taylor 400
1« rooms; near Eddy; new furniture 135u
COO other houses, from $50 to $10,000.
Give me a call. I r ell and exchange real es-
tate and business places. What do you want
or what have you to offer? Phone Mint 795.
H. C. DECKERS 1C20 Market St.. opp. 6th.
MARION* GRIFFIN, the real estate agent,
I71S Market; rms. 1 & 2. by the Call building.
11 rooms; central; nice: clears $30 $853
27 rms.; extra nice; rent $100; clears $150. 2EO0
13 rooms; Sutter; rent $41; income $85.... 551)
60 rooms; cor: rent $140; Income $350 3030
21 rooms; on Market: rent $75; pays well. 1000
IS rooms; Geary Et.; extra nice; clears $650.
Please rail at my office for a list of hotels
and lodging-houses; above are only samples.
IS HER & CO.,- 935 Market Bt.,,opp. Mason!
37 rooms, price $S0O: 3) rooms, price $1400.
24 rooms, price $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
2S rooms, price $1400; 11 rooms, price $325.
I rooms; finely furnished; rent $30; $500.
IX a bargain, we have them at any price.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
A CAMERON & CO., ~ iV
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st. "
, Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all. sizes and prices. See list of -bargains.
17 rooms; rent $80; 4-yr. lease; new fur.,
carpets; reduced to- make 'quick sale $1600
11 rms.; rent $40; water, piano, swg. men. 700
16 rms.; fine transient house: new fur.... 1400
21 rms.: Post; rent $85; fine fur.: sunny.. 2200
25 rooms; rent $110; fine location... 1900
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You. may buy any rooming-house in
the city, and pay for It j-' \
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house. - -
Vacant houses furnished. ,
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No S17 Market st. (near Fifth st).
Phone Mint 1911. - . ' •
APARTMENT house; 24 rooms; must be sold
at once; rent $S5. A. B. SMITH Furniture
Co., 128 Ellis st
$375— LODGING-HOUSE; 10 rooms; furnished.
864% Mission st. ¦ - '
FOR SALE— House 11 rooms on Taylor st
cheap if sold by July 1. Box 3653. Call office.
.CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
¦-'.. SPIRITUALISM. *,*.." :
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY-
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant:
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough: Ellls-
st. car; sit. $1; letter. S2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
RESUMED business — Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
• world-renowned spiritual medium; advice ln
all nffairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve. : letters answered.
Residence (no signs), 38 McAllister St.
DEVELOPING circle: wonderful manifesta-
tions: come to-night: readings daily. AR-
NOLD DICKSON, 148 Sixth st.
MRS. HUBBARD, 103 Oak— Circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 2:30 p. m.,
lCc; readings dally. 50c.
MRS. S. A. LIVINGSTON, artist, trance, test, '
business sittings; daily: hours 11 to 8. except
Sunday. Parlors 31 and 32, 1504 Market st.
JOHN SLATER— Circles 25c. Mon. & Fri. eves..
S:15; Wed. afternoon, 2:45; sittings dally, 10
to 4. except Sun. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
st; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle. 8 p. m.; tests t-> all.
10c; prophetic readings, 50c, $1. 148 Sixth st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m., 50c. 1084 Bush st.; tel. 2275 Larkin.
MRS. GILLINGHAM. spiritual meeting 8 p. m. ;
10c; bring Eeaied questions. 305 Larkin ;tk.elv.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis— Readlners daily;
seance Sun., Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 126 West Mission St.,
nr. 13th— Circle Fri. eve.. 25c; sittings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third et.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice ln all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
DIFFERENT FROM ALL OTHERS.
1000 Callers Since May 1st. - ,
Naaman. Russian seer, medium, palmist and
advisor, tells your name, what you called for, .
cures your disease or anything you want to
know; no charges in advance; satisfaction guar-
anteed; develops mediums in 2 months; teaches
palmistryf clairvoyancy; hours 9 a. m. to 9
p. m. ; readings by mail. 326 O'Farrell St.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
¦ ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME, ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls: has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife: 25c up: satisfaction, to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215 1 / J Sixth st. ¦
~ MLLE. ill WILLE of Paris, clairvoyant;
trance, business medium: speaks French,
'German, English: from 9 to 8; 50c. • 215 Leav-
; env.-orth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease v.-ith life reading; ladies 50c,
gents fl: palm, and clalr. Bit; $150. 125 Turk.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clalr.. palmist; advice on
all affairs; messages from departed friends;
teacher of personal magnetism. 1323V4 Markt.
MME. SANDERS. 127 Mason st. medium; palm-
ist; teaches mind telegraphy; advice on all
business; 4 questions by mall. $1; hrs. 12 to 8.
IFMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
€th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Mrs. Dr. Saylor queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists: names a!??, dates 5 : L. 25c; G. 5Cc; mall $1.
1511'j Market, op. Van Ne3s; tel. Mint 1093.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and palmist,
gives names>. facts, dates ;satisfaction by mall;
inclose stamp. 13S2 Market^ op. Odd Fellows.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny; never
falls: readings. 50e. 1203 Mission st.,"" cor. 8th.
MRS. BROWN— Clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
MRS.MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11. 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1816.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448V4 Jessie St.. bet. Eth and 6th.
MME. AUGl'ST. clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry- *-uth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAR PET BEATIXC AXD CLEANISG.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works," 353-357 Tehama st ; tel. South ¦ 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
233 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co..' 4C2 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovatora. 25-27 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 1C6L
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carj>st-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rat<»s. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. -
GE^^"E^vT^LTTFA^e7icj^o"chargTu^
less successful Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$8 MONTH— 4 rooms; basement; in good or-
der: sunny. 171 Collins st. off Geary west.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CL~INl6r809~Ma£
k«t St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bide, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to in p. m.; Sundays, 9. to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
• and' fllllnss; extractions or fillings- by my
wonderful secret, painless, method; 20 years'.
• experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Peart,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings.
r.Oe; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted.. Chicago ' Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice, will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
. and bridge . work at bedrock prices. Offlce
1141 Polk st. corner Sutter; open Sundays.
AT • Ideal Dental Co.. £ Eddy st— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. LTwALSH,815%~Geary,nr.Larkin— Palnl
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. » 1001: Market st, - corner Sixth."";. •.
SET . cf teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1341 Polk St. '
HELP WANTED-~MALEI— -Con.^
AT C. R. HANSEN ~&"co". T S~rioT"Geary at.
r. .'...:; FOR. NEW. RAILROAD - WORK .:
50 teamsters; ship to-night; free fare; Truckeo
.50 laborers; ship, to-night;. free fare;,Truckee <
10Q tunnelmen, drillers and muckers. .$2. $2 50
For Chats worth Park; ship towight; free fare
50 ; laborers ; . ballasting track. ..... .coast road
Laborers. Santa Barbara and L. A. division
Ship to-night ......free fare. ...... ship to-night
. 50 teamsters, laborers, axmen and choppers
for. new work on Cal. and NW. Ry., Uklah, \
free fare ...; ..-::.. -....:; '...,....
.....:........ MISCELLANEOUS
Scandinavian laboring men for manufac-
turing plant, country," steady work, faro
paid, see boas here, $2 day and found
i 6 quarrymen, $2 25; 6 laborers for quarry, $2.
50 pick and shovel men, country, $2 25 a day; :
10 laborers, city, $2 10; haymakers, $1 25 a
day;-, 10 farmers, \ $30; „ 6 milkers. $30 and
found; milker (nine cows) and make the
butter, $25; 10 lumber pilers, $35 and found.
. •••¦• ;-. MECHANICS
Carriage painter, country. $3 a day; 10
blacksmiths. $2. $2 50 and $3 a day; black-
smith, country hotel, shoe a few , horses,
easy place, $40 and fare paid; gang edger,
. $o0 and found; screw turner, $45 ¦ and found;
cooper, lime barrels; harnessmaker, $1 25 a
S day; horseshoer, railroad camp; $2 50 a day,
free fare ,".-..\.. ;
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, watering resort, $50: baker and pas-
try cook, summer resort, $50; shampooer,
springs, $35; 6 broilers and fry 'cooks. $45 to
$75; 2 vegetablemen. $25; waiter, nurses' hall,
watering resort. $25; vegetableman, water-
ing resort, $25; butcher, country shop, $35;
waiters, nurses', hall. $25 and $30, summer
i resorts; waiters, country, $23; hand laundry-
man, $35; polisher, Tyler machine, $35: head
porter, country, $30; porter. $20: waffleman,
$40; assistant bakers. $30 and $35; cook for
springs. $50; cook, small hotel, country, $50..
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 1C4 Geary st.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
. married men between ages of 21 and 35: citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting Officer, 121 . New Montgomery st,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED—Recruits for the marine copjs. U.
- S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. .. For
further information apply to the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
¦ WANTED— Young man with $100 cash: good
' chance for single man; can make $15 to $18
per week. Call at 704 Howard st, room 25,
top floor.
WANTED— Steady man to assist in light, gen-
teel work; will pay $16 to $20 per week; ex-
perience not necessary; must have $150 cash.
Apply at 25 Geary St.. room 1.
WANTED— At Central Theater, 6 donkeys, to
be used on the stage In mammoth production
of "Uncle Tom's Cabin," Apply to-day at
the box offlce of the theater after 11 a. m.
BRIGHT boy. 17 years, to learn trade; oppor-
tunity to advance; paid while learning. CAR-
-SON GLOVE CO., 35 Market St.
AN experienced kitchen hand wanted; must un-
derstand short-order work; good wages. 631
Clay st. .
WANTED— A strong young man 16 to 20 years
old. GRUENHAGEN BROS., 20 Kearny st.
DRUG -clerk wanted. Apply at RICHARDS
& CO.. 406 Clay st.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday;
good wages. 132 Pacific et.
BARBER wanted at 6 Market st. ; $17 per
, week.
WANTED— A good barber for Saturday; good
wages guaranteed, at 652 Sacramento st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday at 1437
Mission st.
PORTER wanted at 105 Fourth st. <
WANTED— Second cook. Tivoll Cafe, 18 Ed-
dy st. . ' .
PRESSER at the California Clothing Reno-
vatory. 116 Geary st. .
McDONALD & PERRY have SOO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; SOc. 241 Third St. - "V .
WANTED— A good first-class dinner waiter at
304 Mason st. ; wages $3 50 a week.
WANTED — An experienced . day cook at 304
Mason st. ; wages $13 a week.
GET your shoes half-soled while .watting; 25c
to 30c. 5C3 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
1000 MEN wanted— Teamsters, rock drillors.
tunnel, brush and shovel men to wor* on
ditch and pipe line being constructed f.;r the
Sweepstake Mining Co. near Wiaverville,
Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on. work; steady
work, good board . and best wages ln State.
San Francisco Construction Co., ,26 Mont-
gomery st, room 25, 'San Francisco, Cal.
BARBERS. Attention!— The State Board of
Barber Examiners are now in session daily
¦ at Emma Spreckela building, room 204. from
9 a. m. until 5 p. m. for the purpose of
issuing certificate?. In accordance with the
law regulating the practice of bartering in
California, as. passed 'at the session of the
last Legislature. P. W. DRAKE. Sec.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; $00
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; . more calls for our barbers than
we can supply; tools presented; wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— At MaFter Bakers" Protective As-
• soclation. foreman, second and third bread
bakers: also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. ¦ 127 Mason st.
ENTERPRISING man for outside , position
: . with a prominent life insurance company;
city or country; liberal commission. Address
II. W. KNOLL. 431 California st, San Fran.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
W ANTED— Young man for . Janitor work;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 34C8, Call offlce. . .. . '
GOOD blacksmith and horseshoer for country,
near city; wag-fs $3: steady- place; mostly
light work. Call at HOLT BROS.. 32 Main.
SOLICITORS— Two Al advertising solicitors;
good proposition: Call from 8 to 10 a. m.,
_ room . 10, uOS California st.
EXTRY clerk for wholesale dry goods house;
state references and salary. Box 3402, Call.
WANTED— Advertising man. 628 Montgomery
st., room 16, third floor. 1
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, f half
price. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
50 LABORERS, $2 per day; 5 drillers, $2 23
per day. 212 Ninth St.
YOUNG butcher; $10 to $15 per week. 1S23 Point
Lobos ave.
SMALL boy to guide blind man in and out of
city. 255 Stevenson st.
WANTED— 40 tall men for the production of
"Under Two Flags" at Columbia Theater;
stage door this morning at 9:30. '
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Hast Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2
. G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg., S06 Market.
UNDERPRESSER on pants. BELASCO-HAR-
RIS CO.. G41 Market st.
COATMAKER frr country. Apply - REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
SAILORS, ordinary and green hands, for ships
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
WANTED— 5C0 v men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
AT cash prices for $1 per week/men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.; Third and Market.", room 316.
MEN to learn barbsr trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
' ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st:
HORSES AXD WAfiOXS. . . '
40 HORSES for sale; ." also wagons, buggies,
, carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN &• DOYLE, Auctioneers.
NEW $300 rubber- tire surrey, $140; handsome
double harness; sound, gentle young thorough-
, bred, broken to saddle and harness; good busl-
nesa buggy; all $300; will sell part 125 Geary.
40 HEAD cheap 'work and driving horses, 1G24
.Folsom st. .'auction sale •. Monday, , 11 o'clock.
$20— BAY horse. 8 years old : • will work any
¦ place: thoroughly gentle^' 2938 ' Folsom st."
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; . 2 fast
pacers.' 721 Howard st.
$50— PIANO box buggy, and •¦ harness; nearly
f new. ,130- Second ave.;. near California st
FOR sale— Camping wagon, light team and har-
, ness. 1202 Mission, room, 2. '
"A .'' CAMPING i: wagon. Harness and tent for
• sale. 404 Jackson nt.
ALL 'kinds of wagon, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, : 2117 Mission st
AN A No.,1 express ' wagon." single; also. light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WANTED.'
HORSES ; wanted . to | work r on '¦ scraper I Job ; ¦ four
. or. five .months' ¦ work.\'Apply , at • 26 Montgom-
'.-' ery.st." room 25>jMSHcBHll_ Miss. 'Annie Irvinei; who 'Is en ".route" to
China" to • marry/ Captain C. -. H: ¦ Lymaji,
United ; States ; marine corrJs arrived yes
terday from; New York and is at the-Pal
ace.'-.- She is "accompanied by her flance's
mother, Mrs. Cr. H. Ijyman, ¦ who will ¦ sail
vrithihe*; on the, transport; Hancock. . ¦
Miss Annie Irvine Arrives.
The 1 preliminary examination of Special
Officer Patrick W. Clancy on the charge
of murder for shooting and killing' Attor
ney. J.- N.:E. Wilson was resumed before
Judge Fritz yesterday. Policeman Nelson
testified to the defendant 'meeting him on
Kearny street and telling htm that he had
shot Vilson twice "and handing hlm ; the
revolver.; Detective Ryan testified to see
ing Wilson after • the shooting.- . The at
torney told him that Clancy, had shot him
and Mhati he had no cause to do it, as
Clancy's sister-in-law was to blame for
all the trouble .in regard to' the suit. - Dr.
Bacigalupi testified i as to the ' nature of
"Wilson's, wounds.* and the case was con
tinued till i Saturday/ZMMgBaMnaBnHBKl
Examination of "Wilson's . Slayer,
GRAND HOTEL.
F. H. Slsson, OakdalefMiss E R Hartneir r*»i
M H Durst, Wheatlnd E F Parmelee & w' Cal
C H Selby. NY - F D Vanderlip T FrWno
F O Wood, Los An 5 F R Devlin Vallelo ?
G A Brooks, & w. Neb H E Barber & w • r»i
R H Tate & w. Portld C Lindner Jacksonvlll
L E Kilkenny. Salinas H Morris Los An£
J M Sweat. Ventura J H Moore, San Josa
Miss Hathaway v Cal C P Lewis Benlcla*
L S Slusser, Mont • Mrs E V Darllne Nana
JF Condon.- Verdi J D Clausen Salinas
MrsTP Foley. NY". W P Shearer, Sta Rosa
Mrs A Murphy, N Y J R Mathews Cal
FW Henderson & w. W O Beasly, San Jose
Merced' ¦¦:¦,¦> \ A Lane. Cal
A J Thomas. Fresno » E J Crolv Sacto
F E Shore. x Holllster G H Wad'lelsrh L« An>
J B Former}" Ft Wayne D D Clark. Santa Cruf
J D Reed, Phlla J G Shebley. Qr VaC
W F White. Va L L McCoy. Red Bluff
E Slmenauer, Colusa P Gorman & w Can
J.R Kennedy. NY F M Shaw, Cai" *
E L Van Cleeck, Cal W A Crowiey Benlcla
J M DanU. Cal > W O Poage, Uklah
T G Ennis, Cal J A McNear. PeUlvm*
L Ctineo & w. Cal FA Cromwell, Peta
P M Rooney, Sacto ' --
PALACE HOTEL.
A. von Vanderllne, Eng
C H Johnson. Chicago
H S Porter, Los Ang:
B E Green, ¦¦ Los Ang
O W-Luce,' Los Ang,
F H Jackson, . Los Ang
J R Chase, San Jose
E J* Terry & > w. Utah
A B Cohn. St, Joseph
J H McGlll, Chicago-
Mrs S Reed. Pasadena
Mrs W Honeyrnan. Or
Miss . Honeyman, Or r.
Miss Rutherford. Or
T W. Ranken, Ohio
H D Bennett, Ohio
C! F Stoppannl, NT!
A Bolker & w. ; Mo
Bur*-eJl. Seattle
Mrs C H Lyman. D C
Mrs A Irwln, ¦ D C • -
J H s Welch.' Boston
F Frederick & w NY
Mrs J.C Itankin' Ariz
""C^Clarke^A^
H W Helss, N Y ¦.:
W L Undhard, Portld
- ' NEW. WESTERN HOTEL.
r E Long, . Baltimore
2 F, White. Manila.
P.T Johnson. Manila
2 B Yard, Los Ang"
E Black, N,Y:-.
> R .Walker, Watsnvl
IV R Sullivan. S Cruz
5 Cainpbell, ¦ L ' Antf.;
3 : Cohen, Los • Anp -. t
Mrs • C . L • McNamara,
Oakland .
Mrs^NiW McNamara.
Oakland ' -
S M Bassell. Denver
E , T Langdale. . Cal
N - B - Ford, . Denver ¦
C W McKelvey, Clnh
W R Lock, t Sta Roea
J H Lock. Mo .
J Mc^Iugh : & s. ¦ Kann
BW Clark, Lot An§
HOTEL AiRBIVALS.
IiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Thursday, June 29.
Stmr Ohio, BoeS", 23. days from 23 hours
from : Manila. - . - .
Barge Santa Paula. McGovern. hours
from Ventura, In tow of tug Rescue.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed out June 20— Schr Ad
miral, from Port Gamble, for San Francisco;
ship Dashing Wave, from Tacoma, for Nome.
Passed In June 20— Ship Charmer, hence June
8,' for Tacoma; ' stmr Jeanje, from Nome. '
SEATTLE— Arrived June 20— Stmr Farallon,
from Ekacuay. ¦ - - .- '
ARRIVED.
Thomas Harrison (owner) with J, WenderinfC
.(contractor), architects Rousseau St Son— All
work except gas fixtures, mantels and shades
for moving and altering a frame cottage and
erection of a three-story frame building on'SW
line of Stanley _place. 225 NW of Bryant Rtrpet
NW 29 by SWi2S; $5243. \ V l>
Carlo Poll arvl Celesllna Altlerl (owners) with
Carlo Selore (contractor and architect)— All
work except gas fixtures for a two-story and
basement frame building, on NE line of Fol-
Fora avenue. 100 S of Folsom street, SE 23 bv
NE 62:6; f 2400. . - y
Builders' Contracts.
John and Catherine Deveney to same, lot on
N line of Twenty-seoond street 100 W of
Iowa. W 25 by N 60; $2000. -
George and Alice M. Edwards to Joseph B.
Coryell. lot on . N line of Twenty-second (Si
erra) street. 25 E of Pennsylvania avenue E
25 by N. 60; $2000.* - .. "
Samuel R. Crooks vs. Jonathan J. Crooks
et al. (by J. T. Harmes, , Gustave H. Umbsen
and Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to Frank D
Madison, .lot on S line of Sutter street 80 E
of Stockton. K 50 by S 70; $25,500
Frank D. and Grace I. Madison to Amanda
C. Crooks (wife of John J.), and Florence A.
Browne (wife of R. S.). same; |23;500.
Elizabeth 'and Henry P. West to George W
Pennington Sons (a corporation), lot on SE
line of Kolscm street; 137:6 BW of Beale SB
91:9, SW 60, NW 23:3, NE 23, NW 68 6 ' NH
2o; $10,000.
John P. and- Johanna M. W. Christensen to
Michael and Annie M. McHugh, lot on E line
of Sanchez street, 61 N of Jersey, N 25 by
Cora L. Moxley to J. • V. and Julia de Xa
veagra, lot on N llm of Fell street. 70 W of
Franklin. W 57:6 by N 120; $24,000
Jane F. Mlllsap to William J. McKee, lot
on W line of Ashbury " street, 150 N of Fell.
N 25 by. W- 106:8; $8500.
Phoebe A. or Phebe A. Hearst to "Warren
Gregory, lot on N line of Jackaon street 107:6
E of First avenue. NW 65.77. NE 60.58, S 27.37
E 41.47. - SE 37.13. W 100; and all Interest iii
W . A. block 851.; $4500.
Catherine Downing to Warren C.» Gregory
lot on NE corner of Jackson street-and First
avenue. E 207:6, — 73:8%, W to First avenue.
S to beginning; $500.
Mary C. and George E. Raum to Henry A
Schultze. lot on E line of -Woodward avenue
(Jessie). 174 N of Fourteenth street, E 70 by
S 25; J1500. - ' .
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mr. and Mrs. Rees were married tn
Portland October 22, 1884. They have two
children, Mona E. and Walter B. Rees,
aged 15' and 13 years respectively. ,
Suits for divorce were also filed by Caro
line A. Russ against Albert W. Russ for
cruelty, Mary A. Ilildebrand against WU
liam Hildebrand for. desertion and Henry
W.' Quinan against Rose M. Quinan for
desertion.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to William J. Ball from Irene N. Ball
for desertion and Maggie McMahon from
James J. McMahon for extreme cruelty.
Major Harry L. Rees, now serving at
Manila in .the quartermaster's department
of the regular army, waa " made" the de
fendant in a suit for divorce filed yester
day by Felecia B." Rees, who resides In
this city. As. cause of action Mrs. Rees
alleges Infidelity. She avers that prior to
her husband's departure to Manila in No
vember of 1899 he was the companion of
a woman whose name is unknown to the
plaintiff, In Alameda. For this offense
Mrs. Rees demands an absolute divorce,
from her husband and alimony in the sum
of 175 a month.
Makes a Serious Charge
Against the Major
at Manila.
REES' WIFE ASKS
FOR A DIVORCE
Before he was lynched last night Smith
confessed that he had ' loaded the gun
with which Foster was Killed. Many let
ters of an incendiary character written by
Smith and his followers have been found.
The discovery of the "conspiracy led to
last night's lynching. Sheriff Thompson
of Bossier made no attempt to interfere,
in ' view of the superior numbers of the
mob. - v . ¦-* -.-:.¦ •
A complaint was taken against J. G. Fester
that be should be tormented until he give con
sent that all saints leave, the place. , ¦
' The next case, waa the rockers of the build
ing. The case was decided all who rock the
building . must be punished with, death within
four days.
Th'e Royal Archive of the Kingdom of God
met In Supremo Council, sang "Dark Was the
Night 1 ': opened by reading the thirty-second
chapter of Isaiah. After, E. K. Smith, the
king, announced the meeting. He stated that
he was advised of God to call the princes to
gether In council to decide what should be dona
with the Chief of Police and nla force for In
terfering with the kins of tha Church of God
In Shreveport. '
Prince Webb, beins the flint to ariae, eald
he was in favor of demanding six months.'
affliction upon the Chief. King Smith said he
was tn favor of same. Also Prince McLand.
also Prince Johnson, also Prince Edwards.
All concurred demanding fix months' affliction
upon Chief lake of Shreveport.
Smith, when he came to Louisiana, es
tablished himself at Shrevepbrt, but waa
ordered away ' by the Chief of Police as
a dangerous character. After the shoot
ing of Foster a search of his premises wai
instituted and the ark of- the covenant,
a rudely constructed box with, hoodoo de
signs on and within it, was found. When
l% was touched by the searchers the ne
groes were greatly terrified and declared
but, one had advanced far enough to lay
hands . on the §a,cred box, . '
. The members of the churoh, known as
"princes," held regular meetings., at
which Smith presided with the designation
of Vking." The following • is an . exact
copy from the minutes of the meeting
hem. on the Foster plantation, showing
how business was carried on and the en
mity that existed between Smith and- his
followers and the Chief of Police of
Shreveport and Foster, the murdered
man: •
The organization of which "Prophet"
Smith was the head had. its inception
in Houston and was known as tb«
"Church of the Living God." The mem
bers of the supreme council, as indicated
by regular printed letter-heads which
were found,'. were Smith and McLand,
who were lynched, and "Prince" Edwards,
the murderer of John Gray Foster. -
"Prince" Edwards, the negro who killed
John G. poster, is atill at large, although
every, effort is being made to apprehend
him. Unless Edwards be captured. It Is
believed there will be no further violence
offered the dozen or more negro prisoners
who are now confined in Jail charged with
complicity in the murder of Foster. '
BENTON, La./ June 20.— There la little
excitement here over the lynching of. two
negroes. Smith and McLand, last night.
It is claimed that the two men were lead
ers of a secret order and had entered
into many conspiracies against the whites.
The mob gave Smith •• five minutes In
which, to pray. The two men were swung
up to a. tree, the bodies hanging until
noon to-day. McLand met his fate stoic
ally. .
Death to Whites -Plotted in
Secret Session Before the
Lynching.
Ruler of a Clan Whose
i ' Members Are All
' JrTlTlPPR.
SMITH A KING
AMONG NEGROES
The exhibition to be held at the Me
chanics' Pavilion at the time of the Ep
worth i League convention will show to
the visitors, so far as Is possible In the.
limited space, all of the State's best
products, both of nature and manufac
tory. Every county, has made arrange
ments to have some sort of a display,'
and many unique . features are promised.
Santa Clara -County's exhibit will be
devoted for the most part to demonstra
tions of the" value of prunes as a food.
Scores of ways in which the fruit may
be prepared will be. shown, and each vis
itor to the Pavilion will be given a small
box of prunes to carry back to friends in
the East. . Humboldt County, among oth
er attra ctions, will have on exhibition a
gigantic section of a redwood, twenty
five feet in diameter. Fresno County will
give up most of Its space to an exhibit
of the products of the raisin industry. ¦
.The Southern Pacific Railroad will have
an exhibit of redwoods which it is thought
will attract as much interest as any oth
er display at the Pavilion. The Santa Ve
will show hundreda of curios gathered
along its lines. Other railroads will show
paintings of the . most beautiful of Cali
fornia's landscapes. Different religious
organizations r»re to furnish displays of
things 'which pertain to their labors in
this State, Prominent among them- will
be that of the Methodist j missionaries,
who are to import a large number of In
dians from the northern part of Califor
nia, together with specimens of their na
tive implements and utensils. -
Several of the- large' mercantile houses
in this city are preparing elaborate booths
to | be filled with "-: products from Califor
nian factories. It Is desired that the ex
hibits, shall .consist 1 for. the most part of
objects which 'will be. new to" Easterners
and which will demonstrate. California's
superiority as an agricultural and com
mercial State.
Every Coin ty Is to Show
Its > Products- vto
. . Visitors.
MAKING PLANS
FOR EXHIBITS
WASHINGTON, June' 20.— The report. of
Major,. General" Chaff ee on the campaign
in. China is being prepared for publication
at the War Department.'.^ Among other
matters it contains special reports upon
the Russian, Japanese, French and Brit
ish troops ; also reports on equipment,
supplies. | etc. , of ' foreign ¦¦ troops, and re
ports on different expeditions. These re
ports were made by United States officers,
and from a military point of view are of
considerable, interest, but nearly all the
main facts have ¦ heretofore- been pub
lished. Some of General i Chaffee's com
ments are interesting. .At one point he
says: ¦ ' : .- - :. "- ¦• - ;¦ • •¦ . ¦-.
.. For about three weeks following the arrival
of the relief column at Peking the condition
In and about the city and along the line of
communication was -bad—looting of the city;
uncontrolled foraging In the surrounding coun
try and seizure by soldiers • of everything a
Chinaman misrht j have,* . as . vegetables, eggs,
chickens, sheep, • cattle, etc., when being
brought to the city or found- on -the farms;
indiscriminate and generally unprovoked shoot
ing Of Chinese In city, country and along : the
line of march -and the river— all this did not
tend,' as waa natural, to gain for the troops
the confidence of the masses, with whom . It . la
certain we have no quarrel, but were In need
of their labor. 1 . It. is safe to say that where
one- real Boxer has been killed since the cap
ture of Peking fifty harmless coolies or labor
ers on farms, including: not a. few women and
children, have been slain. No doubt the Boxer
element Is largely, mixed with the mass of
population, and by slaying a lot . one or more
Boxers might be taken in. [ - . .
General Chaffee speaks of the restraint
he placed on American troops. The Jap
anese commander also made it known
that general warring on all classes was
not intended. . r> •
Damages Done by Boxers.
General Chaffee said he opposed enter
ing the Forbidden City unless looting waa
prohibited. This was agreed to, and he
thinks but little looting -has been done
there, though . articles have been offered
for sale said to have been taken from the
Forbidden City, - ;
E. G. Tewksbury of the Congregational
Missionary Society furnished General
Chaffee the following list of damages
done by the Boxers to Chinese Christians
or adherents of the Congregational mis
sion as a basis of settlement:
Number killed, 166; houses'' destroyed,
184; money, 16,150 taels; land formerly oc
cupied by missions, 9S acres; chapels, 16;
cemeteries, 30.
Major W. E. Craighill, reporting on the
Russian, soldiers, says: "The information
gained of the Russian forces was meager
and unsatisfactory. No reply was made
by them' to your request for a statement
of the location v and .character of their
force present In North China, in accord
ance with the, relief expedition." -
He speaks of the excellent discipline of
the Russian trooDS, but says. they were
industrious foragers. I They used no tent
age, but lived in huts made of native mat
ting. :»•;. -¦ . • .
> Foreign Troops Commended.
Major Charles H. Mulr descrlbed\the
Japanese troops In detail and concluded
by saying: . ¦ ' - ' • i
The Japanese soldier receives almost no pay,
but Is actuated by Intense patriotism. If
Japan can keen the armament and equipment
on, a par with her soldiers she is a most de
sirable ally and a most formidable enemy..
Major W. E. Cralghill reports upon the
French soldiers as to arms, supplies, etc.,
but his comments; like nearly all others,
are , omitted . from the -publication, beins
represented by rows of asterisks.
Lieutenant Colonel Dickman reports
upon the Germans. He says the German
officers are well ' educated and the troops
under good" discipline.- The* same officer
reports on the British troops. He speaks
of the painstaking detail in the mobiliza
tion and dispatching of the expeditionary
force. The discipline of the troops is ex
cellent. , .. •
Major W. J. Bannister reports upon the
medical departments of the allied armies.
One interesting fact mentioned is that the
British and Indian soldiers are not treated
in* the same Held r ispital and separata
hospitals are provided.
The Japanese and German medical de
partments are commended.
Says Many Innocent Coolie3
Were Killed Instead
' - of Boxers. ;
General Chaffee Makes
Eeport on Work of
Troops.
CHINA CAMPAIGN
UNDER REVIEW
A. C. Campbell addressed the commis
sion in opposition to awarding the con
tract for a particular kind of coal. .Camp
bell argued that calling for a specific coal
prohibited bidders outside of the combina
tion from bidding. - He asked that bids bo
invited simply for coal, which "would in
sure competition and lower prices. The
award of the coal contract was laid over
until Saturday. Similar action was taken
with the contract for hose and straw.
President Watt said that the bids would
be open to the public to-day, when the
lowest price submitted could be .scanned
by all interested parties..
"I will agree to furnish this, department
with 1000 or 5000 tons of hay at $10 per
ton, 'V said Piercy, "if the commission will
give me a bond that I will be paid for It.
There are too many contractors who have
been: obliged to "sue the city for their
money and I do not want to be placed In
that > dilemma."- • ¦ • ¦ \
President Watt informed Piercy that the
city could not give a bond.
Piercy finally agreed to file a bid.
i Coal Award Laid Over.
E. M. Piercy of San Jose, ¦who had sub
mitted a proposition to the commission to
furnish hay at $1& 50 per ton, addressed
the board. President Watt, explained that
the commission could not go in open mar
ket to buy hay and asked Piercy if he
would submit a bid.
J After- the firm had made Its explanation
Commissioner Hecht introduced the reso
lution, which was unanimously adopted.
"In presenting this resolution," said Mr.
Hecht, "I feel that it is our plain duty to
order new bids, in view of the statements
contained in the press and the private ad
vicea received from intending bidders. It
is clear that the price submitted to us is
higher than that to another department
of the city government. "While the ex
planation of the interested bidders may be
plausible, it seems to me that, the only
course left open to us is to invite, new
proposals." - :
Previous to the adoption of the resolu
tion President Watt asked Scott & Mag
ner to explain why they had bid $12 9S per
ton for hay used by tho Fire Department,
whereas their rate for the park was $10 50
and $9 50, according to quality. The mem
bers of the firm replied that the park con
tract was for a period of six mouths only
and storage of tne hay was not necessary,
as in the case of the Fire Department.
Insurance was also avoided, as the hay
was shipped direct from the field and a
second hauling was avoided in. the same
way. The Fire Department, on the other
hainij required two hauls, and the board
insisted on first quality. *»a
Excessive Sid Explained.
Resolved. That ! a eopy of these resolutions
be »ent to said newspaiwrs, with the request
that they be asked to procure bids - for . this
department from such dealets upon whose In
formation they published -the statement to
which reference is made in the second pre
amble of this resolution. ¦ ¦"¦.". \
Resolved. That all bids for hay be rejected
and. that the Board of Fire Commissioners re
advertl&e for new bids. And be It further ¦
Whereas, There having been much agitation
in. tome of -the newspapers of this city, upon
the I excessive prices named j In bids for- . the
supply of hay to this municipality, and where
as, the lowest bid for delivery to the Fire
Department is $12 98 per ton, which, . accord
ing to said papers Is from $2 to H per ton
more than 'the actual price for hay; therefore
be" It . ' .. •-'< : • ¦_¦. '.,:•¦
.Tho Board of Fire ' Commissioners de
cided last night that the price submitted
by Scott & Magner for hay to be ; fur
nished to the Fire Department during- the
next fiscal year was- too high, and a reso
lution was adopted ordering the advertis
ing for | new bids. The resolution directs
attention to tho agitation . of tb,e press
against the excessive prices named in the
bids, which was corroborated , by letters
received by the board from farmers and
dealers in tho commodity. The resolution
follows; l , '
After Hearing Protest It
Orders New Proposals 1
Advertised.'
Fire Commission Decides
•Price Submitted Is
ToovHigh. - ,
BIDS FOR HAY
ARE REJECTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 21, 1901.
11
SPECIAL XOTTCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery ct.. rooms 9-19. tel. 6580. ¦
SEW1XG aiACmXKS AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. i(S 4th.
AXD WAItElIOCSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co
of nee Post and Powell sts.; tei. Main 0713. '-'
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
Blon Bt. ; tel. Howard 941. F. XT. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 7Z2 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 83S0 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281. .
n __3C p _15SSE55^^5^Epj^I e s-
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITER&Iw^
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California; telephone Main «S.
SENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
25* v « your work In eight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 80S Montgomery; tel. BUck ??„
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust:
all makes: used machines, no up. 209Sanflome.
DiyiDEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings . Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Poet St.— For the half year
ending June 30th. 1901, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after MONDAY, July 1st. 1901.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
BAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 632 Call-
fornla St.. corner Webb— For the half year
ending with the 20th of June 1901. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate cer annum
¦ of three and tix-tenths (3 6-10) per cent on
term deposits and three (3) per cent on or-
dinary deposits, free of . taxes, payable on
and after Monday. July 1. 190L
« LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE GERMAN SAVINGS AND LOAN 6O-
ciety, 526 California St.— For the half year
ending with June 30, 1%L a dividend has
fc«n declared at the rate of three and one-
elghtn (3%) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Monday, July 1, 190L . •
GEORGE TOURXY, Secretary.
PROPOSALS. - -
SAN FRANCISCO, CaL, June 21, 1901-Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until n o'clock a. m., Monday. July 1, 1S01.
and then opebed. for furnishing: 33 cavalry
horses at the Presidio of San Francisco. Gov-
ernment reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids, or any part thereof. Bids will be
considered for a less number of horses than
that stated. Preference given to' articles of
domestic production, conditions of price and
quality (including In the price of foreign pro-
ductions the duty thereon), being equal, and
cuch preference given to articles of American
production produced on the Pacific Coast to
extent of consumption required" by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to J. M. MARSHALL, Assistant
Quartermaster General. U. S. Army, Chief
Quartermaster. . . = .
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
glneer, Division of the Philippines, Manila.
P. I.. March 1. 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I., will
be reeeiveO at this office until 11 o'clock a.
in., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150.000 cubic
yards riprap, 2L0O0 cubic yards , concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a' pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud, sand
and Bhells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
materials to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right is reserved to
»-eJect any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. - Bureau of
Insular Affairs. "Washington. D. C; United
States Engineer Offices at New York.* Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain. Engineers. '
SEALED proposals. In 'duplicate. Indorsed
"Proposal* for Coaling Plant at the United
States Naval Coal Depot. Sangley Point
Manila Bay. Philippine Islands," will be re-
ceived at the Bureau of Equipment, Navy
Department, Washington. D. C. until 1
o'clock p. m.. on Tuesday. December 3, 1901,
and publicly opened ¦ Immediately thereafter.
Bids for complete plant only will be consid-
ered. General specifications and plan of depot
property ond general plans of a proposed
plant may be Been at the Bureau of Equip-
ment, where available data In possession of
the bureau and blank forms of proposal may
be obtained, fcut bidders will be expected to
visit the depot and make examinations neces-
sary for the preparation of detailed plans and
specifications -to be submitted In duplicate
with the proposals. - R. - b. BRADFORD
Chief of Bureau.
U. S. ENGINEER'S Office, Flood building
San Francisco Cal.. April . 22. 1901— Sealed
proposals for dredging entrance to Pearl
Harbor. Island. of Oahu. Hawaiian . Islands,
will be received here until 12 noon, June
T4. 1901. Information on application. W H
HKITER. Lieut. Col.. Engineer*. '
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses werexlssued
S'esterday: .
James E. Flckett, 25, 2731 Folsom street, and
Loreto L. Balieto. 20. 1936 Mason Btreet.
George E. Krueger, 2L 26 Langton street,
and Daisy \. Waterman. 20. 1819 Lyon street.
t^ x Lowentbal, 30. 90 Third street, and
Haidee Baum. 25. 641 Lyon -street.
Thomas F. Ryan. 21. 1514 Franklin street,
and Eugen.le Cabrera, IS, 841 O'Farrell street.
Frank Doelns. 32, 628 Fulton street, and
Anna J. Amme. 23. €28 Fulton street.
Clarence H. Dallman. 24, 1015 Goldea Gate
avenue, and Ruth Pollen, 19, 238 Thirteenth st.
Anson N. Geonre. 25. 61 Cumberland street,
and Sadie E. Allen. 25. 331 Guerrero street.
Jacob Turkman; 27. 242 Ninth street,, and
Hattle Cohen, 20, 316 Jefisie street. •¦ . • -
Edward Splchtlg, 37, 4322 Mission road, and
Adela Regll. 23. 617 Wyoming avenue.
Burt Peters. 8L 663^4 Jessie street, and
Beatrice R. Smith, 19. 441 Geary street.
James E. Naldrett, 2», 321 Grant avenue, and
Margaret H. Cooke. 19. 826V4 Pacific street.
Michael E. Mansfield, 34, 2034 Polk street
and May Carroll. 28, 915& Mission street...
Adolph K. Jensen,'. 27. IIS Oak street, and
Jennie F. O'Day, 23, 61 Hardle street.
Edwin H. Stephens. 28, 1587 Valencia street,
and Celestine Maud Hehn, 17, 342 Prospect ave.
George K. Easton, 29, Cortez, Nev.. and
StJna F. Wagner. 27. Austin. Nev.
Hiram Babcock. 35, city, and 'Adellna R-
Raum, 29, city.
John Johnson. 38. 43 Hoff avenue, and Julia
Andciron. 26, 903 fianchez street, - •-' '
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.;
Birth, marriase and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. s/v>>*
HERON— In this city, June 19, 1901. to the
wife of William M. Heron- of Dawson,' a
daughter.
~~~~ MAKBIED.
BELLMER— KEINAST— In this city, June 20,
1901, at Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
by the Rev. E. L. -Enowden, Frederick E.
D. Bellmer of San Francisco and Bertha
Keinast of St. Paul. Minn. ¦
HEROLD— CLAPP— In this city, June 19, 1901,
at Trinity Episcopal Church, by the Rev.
Clifton Macon, Roderick Herald and Belle M.
Clapp. both of San Francisco. * • •¦ t . ¦
KRUEGER— WATERMAN— In this city. . June
20. 19CL at Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, by the Rev/ S. D. Hutslnplller.
George E. Krueger and Daisy V. Waterman,
both of San Francisco. - .
_____
Bell, Jennie E. Kasre. Henry
Brady. Frank - l^acay, Francolss
BredhofT. Charles Little, Lucinda
Brehaut, Sarah E. Luther, Hczekiah W.
Britten, George A. McCrohan. Daniel '
Bryant, Gilbert S. O'Brien. Patrick \.
Buinb, P. A. . ' Putnam. Clara C.
Coleman. Michael Russell. Catherine .
Cook, Frances Shannon;- Mary .
Cornelius. Lulu Smith. Delia T. *
Kldrld^e, Eliza Strain. Henry J.
Hagemann. Frederick Van Pelt, Brayton D.
• Henderson, Fred L. White, Amos "¦¦- ¦
Holmes, Mrs. Maggie Wcod, Mrs. E.
BELL— In this city. June :o, 1391, Jennie Edna,
beloved wife of John J. Bell, daughter of
Mia. Jennie Chapman, and sister of Earl.
Clarence and John Chapjjian. Mrs. William
U. Mackey and Mrs. J. E» Richardson,^ &
native of Angels Camp, Calaveras County,
Cal.
BRADY— In this city. June 20. 1901. Frank
Brady, husband of Margaret .Brady of
Smarurille. and father of Nellie Anderson,
a native of Ireland, aged ' S5 years.
¦ G^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at JO
o'clock, from the chapel at St. Mary's Hos-
pital, where a high mass will be . celebrated
'for the repoev-of his soul. - Interment, Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BREDHOFF — In Oakland, June 20, 1901.
Charles, beloved husband of Adella Bredhoff,
and brother of Henry and Julius Bredhoff,* a
native of San Francisco, aged 39 years 9
months and 22 days.' ..
(CTrlends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 1120 Eighth street. Oakland.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
BREHAUT— In this city, June 20, 1801. Sarah
Elizabeth, beloved wife • of Arthur H.« Bre-
haut. 'daughter of Kate and the late Samuel
Ackcrman of Ukiah. and sister . of Charles,
William, Isaac,. James and* Walter Acker-
man, Mrs. George Llnsey, Mrs. J. L." San-
,dere and Mrs. -Wi Smith, a native of Callfw>
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
$1 perV^^r,
THE WEEKLY CALL.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 SEA8XY ST. iSstabllshed
in 1834 for the treatment ot Private
l)i.-«fa.ses. Loot Manhood.^- Debility or
dispasp wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tlie Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. charges low.
Cnre» (run rm«««-e<l. C»ll or wrlXB.
»r. J. F. tilssuA*. a«i Franciscc, Cat _ •
Santa Fe Trains
¦ Leave Market-street Ferry ¦ Depot.
"~~ ~ TLocalTLlm'd Torrid fLocal
2 1 Dallyj « 1 Dally 1 Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p .
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced . 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
*" Fresno .. 2:03 p 2:35 p 8:65 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:13p 3:27 p 7:06 a :...
"iVisalia .. 3:40p 4:48a
" Bakerafld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kans. Cy 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago ......... 2:15 p 9:00 p .;,.....
a for mornlns. P for afternoon.
-•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only.
¦ carrying Palaco Sleeping; Cars and Dining
> Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfteld . for accommodation of local
;' first-class . passengers. No . second-class
tickets honored on this train. Corrsspond-
intr' train arrives at 5:53 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily, v . - . .
•8dX) p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Recllnliifr ¦ Chair ' Cars to ¦¦ Chicago;
also Pal*ce Sleeper, which cuts out at-
Fresno. Corresponding train arrives at 5:55
p.- m. dally. <¦ . - ,- , .
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local. • stoppin?
. at all points In San Joaquin Valley.- Cor-
resr»ondln|r train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
>-¦ Offices— C41- Market street and- in F^rry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦ .... :'.. ¦ . ¦ . • - . ¦•
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MH_, VAI—KI
- . ANP SAN RAFAEL.
TrTEEK DAYS— «:56. 8:30. •9:30. 11:00 a. xn.,
12:45 *1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. •S:15. «:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Bafael on Mondays. \Vednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. rn.
SUNDATS-^:00. 8:00. »9:00, "10:00, 11:00. 11:30
a. m., 12:45, »l:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. «:00, 7:»
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN" RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:33. 10:15
al m:. »12:25. 1:13. 2r20. *i:15 i:V>. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
6UNDAYS-«:15. *8:00.' »:45. «11:00 a. m.. »13
m.. 1:80. 2:15. •3:30^4:30. **;6, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m. \
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:43. 6:45. 7:55. 8:35.- 10:30
a. m.. 1J:S5. 1:45. 1:45. 8:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:S5. 8:00. 10:08. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13.
1:20. 2:3C. 3:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions
'3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .
¦• 5:15 p. xn. week days (Saturdays ezcepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way gallons.
' 10:00 a. xn. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. VI » JuitilM ferry— Foot .r U*rk»t St.
• ljr.»»i ••« rmAM. , ' >mivi s«n wiAm.
;2t-_^i:-.»---n_-DAY8;...."5» : g».>'-
*«ja.m.) rn.Mr.u.
10300 a: m. I RTTMnATq J 3" 30 *• *«•
i . ISO F. M. . ' " JkW F. M. .
fc*>»-x.J -l7aoF.i«.
T*n. Sta Fnndm «• Summit aad Retora. }!.4O
Ticket 9Jpg^,f4.Market St. J j^Sapsall|o^ gT y.
SOUTHED* PACIFIC?.
TfAlm l^i%w<* nntl •*¦"?* wii^ *• Hfn ~ • i*4
NAN riCAN«:iM4:«>.
• (Kalnliiie. Foot of Msrket Street)
LtAYx'- — From Juxb 16. 1901. — ARRITS
7:00a Banicia, Srdsrrb, Elraira. YacavUIe, >
Kumseyaud Macramento ......... C:23p
~iSOa Martinez, San U»iniiu, Vullejo. Nip*,
C»IUt«ig» ami Hant» Uoaa... «i23p
8:00a Darls, Woodland. Knights Laadinu,
Msrjsfille, OrotillB.. 7:3*P
81OO* Atlantis Kxpress— Ugdeu'aud. Em» J 2:2.1 p
H:««a Nilas. Lithrop. Stockton 7s2ar
BiOOA NUea. Meodota, UanforJ. Yls_o,
Porterrilte .% 4s53y
S:3Oi ShMta Kxpi-MH— Day la, Williams (for -
¦ fisrtlstt Springs). Willows, Sad
. Bhift Portland?. 7:53r
• «•*!» A Sail Joa«, Lltermore, Htocktoti.
¦lone, SaatkiHCuto. PraoertUle,
JlnrjsfUle. Chlco, Uert Illnlt 4i23p
¦•30 a Oakdale. Chines* (Yosemlte). So-
nar*. Carters 4:23?
tttfta* HajwazO. Niba and Way Stations.. 1 ¦ :31a
»««OAVallajo XVxSSf
OiOVaLos Angeles Express — Martins*. .
Tracy, W.hrop. .Stockton, ileraed
Treauo and _4 Angeles .......... 7:2 5 p
DillOA ValHn. Alartlnoz awl War Stations 7J»»r
H»ilH»AThoOTeriaml_ti'ite«l— ©gaen, »«a-
. ter, Omaha, t'liicati •iMp
4l>aOp8aciainr)ub>l;lfer8Le»nieni f.1:OiK
»i3t»p Haywwrd, NUi«au<l Way Station!.. 7:33p
4iuur lieuleia. Winters. Uasramento, .
WouUland, Knight* Lauding.
> " MarjviU*Or<vlllo..., IO:*3a
4iOOp Martinet Han Hainon, V»l!ejo,
N»i>a, O»ll»toKa. MauUHoKa •¦a.l.t
4t00; K_*. _i«rmor«. Stockton, Lodl... 13.23p
» -»<:nir Harward. Mlm, h ji» Jtno, Llnrmora t»:.t3*
4 13 Or Port Co«. a. Ttacy, Lathrop. Stockton 1 »:23 a
¦ SittOp Tha Owl Uiultud-Kieaiio, Tularo,
BakersBel'l. Haujui for Santa liar-
bars, Iioa Ansalea 8:33*
S:O*r Martin's. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
- wd.Froano ia : 23r
atOOrToeeml te 1SO3?
3x30p Neir Cvleans Exprena— MendoU,
Fresno, Bakenneid. Los Angeles,
Doming. £1 Paso, Now Orleans
and East 7iSSa
BjflOp Uay ward, Nilog ami «„ Josa 7i33*
t«sO»r Valrojo Ili23\
ttiOOr Oriental Mill— Oj.len, Clieyenn*.
Omaha. Chicngo 12:23p
StOOr Oriental ilall— Ogden, Danver,
8V Louis, Chicago... 4:23p
7>00p Oregon nut California ISxi>rass. N»s-
Funinuto. Mar;s«llle, J:»<Mlii{.
' INm -tlwnil. l'uget Hi tl uti.l Kaat 8i3»A
»,«.-Jr Ban P»b!o. P»rk Ooata. Mazttnes ' ¦
ami Way OUUuus H.23a
l»«03p Vaitr|t».. : ;.. 7taap
COAST IjINE (Narron 4.an K e).
(Foot otlLirkut Street.) _^
I J t43 a Siuta Vivz Excursion to rtanta Crua
aiidPrinopal Way SUtlons....... JS:03r
. 8iI3a Newark, C>ntiir»llle..Saii.loaw,Kdt«ii,
Uoul.ler Creek. Hanta Cms ami Way
fJUUaua .S>a<>v
fStlSp Newark. Center till*. Han .lino, New
Aluuileo, Fulton, lioiiMar Creek, '. '
. . Santa C'zux and 1'ilucipal W*y
N • '- Soaions I0i»«u
4al.1p Newark, Kan Jam. I«s Gates f8i»»A
.e«iiapGlenwood.B<TOldeTC»ee>,3antaCT_ «W»3»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Froa SAX FRASCISCO — faot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
* t7:15 »:0U 11:00a.m. 1:03 J:00 S;1S'.<«.
ruaeklUll- I«*t at BrtWwaT.— t«:OO $8:00 t3:0J
10:00«,n. »:33 8:03 iiQJr.u,
COAST LJNE (llroail (Jan**).
(Thlr.1 nnd Towmaml Sta. )
«:IO* Han Joae and Way (Stations. ««:n»p
? 7:00a Han Joaeaml Wajr SUtlims li»»r
/7i««* Noit Almailnii / 4:10?
;it:ii>A Sundaj Excunion for San Jew,
Hanta Crux. Vtd&o Groro and
Principal War Stations. |S»30r
- SiOOAHan Jusa. Tres Pinna. HmiU Cnn,
Pmfiiic (Irofe, tsslinis, <8an Loi*
' Oblapo,' fianU B«ibar» ami Prin- ¦
dpai intermedUte .stBtimis 7i30p
1*<B«A Saa Jcae and Way {Station*. 4:l»p
I IiSVa Mau Juae ami Way Htatloiia 5>:t0r
ta«'l»P S*n Mat«), Uedwoo>l, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. San UOIara. Han .>«««,
Tres Plnos, Hanta Vim, SaliuaA,
Monterey ami Paeine GruT« 1IOi43a
»aS*r dan Jon and Way Htaltuna e>3»A
t4i|3r San Jose au.l Principal Way Stations ai-4»»
f3ioop San Joso, Los Gatoa and Principal
Wai'SUUoiis.... ; 10»ffl«*
Sl3«p San J«m ami Principal Way Stations 8;36a
ViiiOF Bedwoid. Han Joe*. Gllroy. Salioaa.
Santa Barbara, Ixm Angvlea IO:OUi
d:OOr Del Jlonte, Monterey, Pacitic OroTe,
Lompoo IOiQOa
«iS»p Sau Josh and Way Stations t":fl<>A
glt»4.%p Sail Joicaml Way Stationa 7t»Oy
A for Moruing P for A f temoon.
. t Hunday excauted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. « Mondty*.
e B»»nrl*y t n \ Bnnrlay. / Tnwd^ya and Trldar*-
GALIFORBIi H0RTH1E-5TEBB BI. Ca
* LESSEE 'frv
SAN FRANCISCO ANO KOBTH PACIFIC
K railway company.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Frcncisco to San Rafael. '
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00,- 11:00 a. m.: 12:35."
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. rn. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:3ft p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. U:C0 a. _,; 1:30. 3:10.
6:00. 6:10 p. m.
San Rafaql to San Francisco.
WEEK-DAYS-* :10, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
3:4o. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m. - • . •
§UNDAYS-8:ia. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:»,
; 6:05. 6.25 p. m. •
Leave | In Effect I Arrlv*
San Francisco. [April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days, t day*. I Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Noyato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm S:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. 1
7:30 am Windsor. 10:33 am
5:60 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Geyserrille.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:S pm 1:20 pm
7:30 ami S :00 pm I Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
»:30 pm| 8:00 am[ and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am]10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
»:30pm 5:Q0pm - |.»:20pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S:W am
and
S :10 pm 8:00. pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pro
7 -JO ami 8:00 ami ~~ 110:40 am|10:23 am
»:30 pm| 6:00 pm I Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm I 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs arid Wbite Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for ¦ Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. ~ Carls-,
bad Springs Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah .for. Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. L!erley*s. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle." Orr'a 'Hot
Springs. Mendodno City. Fart Bragg, West-
port Usal, Wllllta. Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell'a Springy Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ,
'On 'Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. (30 Market street. Chronic!*
1 Building. -.•,-..>'
H. a WHITING. »' X. RTAN.
Gtn. Manager. . Gen. Paaa. Agt.
nla, aged 27 years. (Uklah papers please
copy.) . _.¦'•"¦".
GTRemalns can be seen between 10 a. m.
and 2 p. m. this day (Friday), at the fu-
neral sartors -of '.Charles H. J. Truman &
Co., 31S Mason street, between O'Farrell and
. Geary. Funeral and Interment at Ukiah. | '
BRITTEN— In Beaumont, Texas, Jane 16, 1901,
George A. Britten, beloved son of Eva Peach
. and the late Michael Britten, and brother ol
Fred A. Britten and Mrs. H. ¦ Goldsmith, a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years and
10 months. .
E~F"rIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral" to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137. Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence | to St.
' Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue,
where a requiem mass . will be said for the .
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery.
BRYANT— In this city. June 19, 1901. Gil-
bert S.. beloved hu«band of Margaret R.
Bryant, son - of '• Amanda E. Bryant, "and
brother of H. C, Mildred L. and Helen E
Bryant, a native of San Francisco, asred 34
years 2 months and. 19 days. - ¦
ETTYiends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 1
o'clock, from his late residence, 2424 Howard
street, between Twentieth and Twenty-first.
-Interment private. ¦ ¦ -
BUMB— In- this city, June 19, 1901, P. A:
Bumb, father of. Mrs. J. H.' Scott, a native
of Germany, aged 73 years 5 months and 24
days. . ¦ . . . . • . ¦ . ¦ - ¦¦¦¦.'-•
t~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the chapel at
Odd Fellows' . Cemetery.
COLEMAN— In thla city. June 20, 1S0L Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Mary Coleman, and
father of John.NDennis, Patrick^ Michael and
, Annie Coleman, Mr«. F. J. Watson and Mrs.
F. A. Meyers, a native of County Clare," Ire-
land, aged 68 years 10. months and 21 days.
COOK— In this city, June. 20, 1901. Frances,
beloved daughter of Mary M; Cook, a native
of New York. •
CORNELIUS— In this city, June IS, 1901, Lulu
Cornelius, beloved daughter of Louise . Cot-
nellus, sister of Fred and Mamie Cornelius,
and granddaughter of Mrs. C. Le Mar, a na-
tive of Oakland, aged 9 years 7 months and
8 days. \ • . . . - —
— . (CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend, the funeral ' this -day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her . mother, 6323 . Mission road, near Six-
Mile House, thence to Ocean View" Church
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦
ELDRIDGE— In this city, June 18. 1901, Eliza,
daughter of Oliver and the .late Almira
Eldrldre. ¦ .
HAGEMANN— In Santa Cruz, June 20, 1901,
Frederick Hagemann. ' beloved husband of
Amalia Hagemann. father of Adolph Hage-
mann; and uncle of Frederick Hagemann Jr.,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 77 years
3 months and 4 days.
re Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Frledrichsruhe, Santa ; Cruz. •>
HENDERSON— In this city, June 20, 1901. Fred
L. Henderson, •- eldest son of Harry C. and
Margaret Pendergrass Henderson, a native of
Petaluma, Cal., aged 40 years and 10 months.
(Chicago papers please copy.) ...
HOLMES— In this city. June 19, 1901, Mrs.
Maggie Holmes (nee Morrison), dearly be-
, loved wife of Howard Holmes, mother of
Grade. Howard, Georgie and Irwin Holmes,
daughter of Neil G. and the late Susan Mor-
rison, and sister of George, Edward and
Minnie Morrison. » 1
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at l o'clock, from her late tcsI-
¦• dence. 629 Shotwell street. - '
KAGE— Entered into rest, in this city, June
18. 1901. Henry, dearly beloved ¦ husband of
Dora Kage, and father of Lillie and Henry
Kage, a native of Berlin, Germany, aged. 70
-years 7 months and 6 days. ! <r^
IE~Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend, the funeral this day (Friday), at 10
o'clock, from the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment I. O. O.- F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
LACAY— In this city, June — , 1901, Francolse
Lacay, beloved wife of Jean Lacay, and
mcther of Louis A., Julia N., August A. and
Alice F. Lacay, a native of France, aged 57
years t months and 22 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,- 718 California street, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres, where
a requiem mass will be said for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
LITTLE— In Oakland. June 19, 1901. Lucinda
Little, mother of Harry and Arthur Little
of Wheatland, Cal., a native of California,
a^ed 39 -years.
LUTHER-In this city. June 20, 1901. Heze-
kiah W. Luther, beloved father of William
Luther. Mrs. E. P. Gaftney and Mrs. W. O.
Mills, a native of Rhode Island, aged 65
years. A ¦ member of Lincoln Pest No. 1, '
G..A. R. . >
McCROHAN— In this city. June 19, 1901, Dan-
iel ¦ McCrohan, beloved brother- of Mrs. J. P.
Griffin and Mrs." T. P. Wllliama of Gold
: Hill, Nev.. a native of Cahiclveen. County
Kerry. Ireland, aged 68 years.
JC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 19 Kissling street, between Howard
and Folsom. Eleventh and Twelfth 6treets,
and thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, where a solemn requiem m&ss will
• be celebrated for the repose of his sduI, com-
5 rpenclng at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, June 19, 190L Patrick,
beloved husband of the late Margaret
O'Brien, and father of Catherine A. and
Alice C. O'Brien and the late Mary J3.
O" Brien, and beloved brother of Martin
O'Brien, a native of County Tlpperary. Ire-
land, aged 65 years 8 months and 20 days.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock,, from his late resi-
dence, 2806 Harrison street, thence , to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high maes
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
" Calvary Cemetery. . ¦ ¦
PUTNAM-In this city, June '20. 1901, Clara
Churchill Putnam, beloved wife of Osgood
Putnam, mother of Elizabeth Whitney Put-
nam, and daughter of the late Sidney M.
and Nannie Churchill Crittenden Van Wyck.
a native of Virginia City, Nev., aged 35
years 11 months and 20 days.
E~Funeral this day (Friday), at 2:30
o'clock, from St. Luke's Church, corner Clay
street and Van Ness avenue, San Francisco.
Interment private,
RUSSELL-ln this city, June 19, 1901, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of WllMam Russell, and
sister of the late Thomas HIggins. a native
of County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 65 years.
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 734 Katoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. • .
SHANNON— In Oakland, June 20, 1901, . Mary
Shannon, beloved wife of Dennis Shannon,
and mother of .Maggie Shannon, Mrs. Mary
Mitchell and ' Mrs. Catherine ' Franks, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 74 years.
SMITH— In this city, June 20, 1901, Delia T.,
dearly beloved daughter of Delia and the late
Martin Smith, and beloved sister of May and
the late Michael, Joseph and Tommle Smith,
a native of San Francisco, aged 18 years 9
months and 11 days.
iryNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of .the Pacific Undertakers, 777
Mission street.
STRAIN— In .. this city, June 20, 1901,' Henry
John, beloved son of James A. and the late
Elizabeth Strain, and brother of James. A.,
Charles F., Jcseph and Chester Strain, a na-
tive of 8an Francisco, aged 7 years 9 months
and 11 days. . ••-
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from .the resi-
dence of the parents, 714 Twenty-second
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
VAN PELT— In Marysvllle, June 17, 1901,
Brayton D. Van Pelt, father of Eugene. Ar-
I thur, William and Jennie Van Pelt, a native
of New York, aged 75 years..
(ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
parlors of Albert ' Brown, 468 Thirteenth
street, Oakland. Interment private.
WHITE— In Emeryville, Cal., June 19, 1901,
Amos White, a native of Tennessee, aged 36
¦ years: •" - -
(nJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 p. m., fcom the parlors of
the California Undertaklnt Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Masonic
1 Cemetery.
WOOD— In Oakland. June 19, 1901,' Mrs. Eliza-
beth Wood, ¦ a ¦ native of • England, ased 62
years. • -.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
• (Successor ¦ to Flannagan & Gallagher.*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN*. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMEilS
- 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. > ¦ '
" , ¦ ¦ ¦ ' Telephone South 80.-
IyvioMVOV «fc co.. 1
¦ FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEltS I
1239 Market St.. between 5th and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. , |
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel South 167.
IUNERAL, DIRECTORS ANO EMBALM E 3).
__2^l£^«L___— _IL_L-Mp a «rata ¦' Rates. •
_^ : a ¦ 1 ¦ ii.
I JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 211 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones.'! Telephone South 671.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
¦ San. Mateo, County. .-
OFFJCe 016 MARKET STREET. \
J. HENDERSON; Kanaser. -.;
RAXLWAY .TBAVEL.
R ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
AL4.MEDA REAL ESTATE.
A Jr~^?^ — ' d Fruttvale bargains for lnvert-
S!Lt, an * hous e-"eekers: on easy terms or «-
chang. for city or country realty.
_, . t . SPECIAL BARGAIN. V'-
5£? &«'i_sa? I jf_rfs^»*»
— . . A, R. DENKE.
Wcbstcr-st. Station. A— meda.
COTTAGES FOR SALE.
1^?? 6 " 1 cott ***< « nwrns; bath; lot
MxlCT. ISIS Mozart st.. Alameda. Mastlck stn.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OA- K— AJfP HEAL ESTATE.
W«»-BA_GAIN OF THE SEASON. [
Mortcage KJ00;. C4 feet In front; private
water supply; barn; coachmen's room: space
*°° «*P~»Ive to extol Its many qualities: see
iierS^ V n bnr lt: by •» «o»=f make
I1CCO oa the Investment; I cannot he&> it; I
t c^HS 1 " 11 to Bel1 without regard to rls*.
X:~Z' *9 rERS * C 0 - 10CS Broadway, Oak-
KSOOBUNGALOW FOR J2200.
?m^. ?^ aad ,i l b * al ltr: — >«>lutely erery-
tMnff that would make an Ideal home; near
tb« local trains; large lot; open plumbing;
SeV^edf 011 " 11 * ° ffer refased : *"*¦ «>^ first
J. S. MTERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
f2«»-oRiGrNAL. cost »4oo. ¦
isiSf^JiS?* bath , : flne basement: corner lot
£rS? : i,,^£, "S* complete: best neighbor-
hood to _ Oa_ and; owners are non-residents.
% £ tobe appreciated.
_j- S. MTERS & CO.. 10C2 Broadway. Oakland
»»»-COST TO CONSTRUCT $5000
!*i^_ r • C0mpeUe<1 t0 leav « Oakland; 2-story
olaV^JL? 01^ !. nd 2 baths: double floortag^
a^S^---^on^^o
CEO. W. AUSTIN A C»..
,^ 1808 Broadway. Oakland.
OAK3LAJf _ P FCK.MTCHE FOR SALE.
"^f^H^ 1^ 10 ? t0 rou from H - ScheUha—, th«
j furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. OJtklandT
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 1S2X bet. Van Ness andip'ra—mn^a'sunl
ay housekeeplny rooms. »18; adults only.
IEDDT. 604— Sunny corner eutte of rooms and
Mtchen; gas range; run_n«- water; complete
for housekeeping.
E P DT *i, 735 T Newl3r fu rnlshed sunny suites for
housekeeping; bath; gas ranges; reasonable.
HARRISON. 731-Four rooms, furnish ed com-
plete for housekeeping; rent ?16; bath.
HOWARD. T61H— Nicely furnlshetf eunny bay-
wlndow suite: man and wife; kitchen: oth-
ers; reasonable. *
HTDE, 406— Sunny front alcove, complete for
housekeeping; also large sunny room. $1
JACKSON. 820. near Mason— Furnished large
room, crate; or housekeeping; $7 to J8; sln-
Cle. >4.
TBSSIK. 423— Sunny housekeeping and single
room* £or rent.
LEAYENWORTH. 6M-* rooms. co_plete~for
housekeeping; rent reasonable.
OAK. 119— Large wnny front furnished house-
keeping; newry papered; large closet; reas-
onable.
SECOND. 212-Furnlshed for housekeeping;
other rooms; clean; respectable; reasonable.
TtTRK. II11 — One or two large unfurnished
rooms tor housekeeping.
POLK. 1602— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
VAX NESS. 233 — Housekeeping rooms, complete. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmoni.
ROOMS TO LET Porn, and Cnfnrn.
AHLBORN' HOTEL, _1 Grant ave.— Best U &
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. EOc up; meals S5c; free coach.
APARTMENTS en eulte or single; splendid ap-
pointments; telephone on every floor: -furni-
ture, carpets new, latest designs: breakfast
rooms top floor. Hotel Nouveau. 212 Stockton.
A-BEUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night ; $1 25 to 15 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
• A— MARKET. 104SA— Nicely furnished suites.
t!5 per month up; singles. J5 per month up.
BURNETT. 1426~Market Cold No. 1364)— Fur-
rlshed rms.. suites, eingle; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished gunny roomt; prieea reasonable.
tl 10 WEEK— Larg* sunny furnished room;
closet; bath; private. 834 Folsom et.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites; single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
GLEN* PARK ave., 11, off Twelfth et.. be-
tween Mission and Howard— A large sunny
unfurnished front room and kitchen; porch;
use of bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. £2S— Elegantly furnished
rooms for gentlemen; private family; no chil-
dren: reference required. .
HOTEL St. Denis plan). 24 Turk Et..
nr. Market — New building, elegantly furn.;
Just opened; strictly first class and up-to-date
in all appointments; inspection Invited; must
be Been to be appreciated; 75e day and up;
special rates by week or month; references.
HOTEL Graystone. 66 Geary st, — New 6-story
fireproof hotel: electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the most luxuriously furnished
in the city: eteara heat; private baths: one
block from Palace Hotel, phone John 3331.
HTDE, 293— Lovely large corner suites and
f ingle rooms; private bath.
KEARNT. 34. and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LARKIN'. 707. nr. Ellis— Nicely furnished sunny
front room. $6: email flat; private family.
LARKIN. 816A— Nicely furnished rooms, rea-
sonable prices; private house.
MARKET, 765— Nice eunny bay-window suite
of rooms; $4 per week.
MARKET. 1015 fKeir Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, 12 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath;' single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAN'D. 200 Turk et.— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; aleo transient. ,.
METROPOLE. « Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to $3 per day. ¦
NIXTH, 113f-l single furnished room; rent
very reasonable. ¦•¦-.-\
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
" POLK. 1E39 — Largest, sunniest room for the
money in the city; prl\-ate. .
ROSEDALE House. 31$-321 Ellis St.— Rooms
ntght, 2Sc to fl; week. SI 25 to S4; open night.
ROYAL Uouse, 126 Elite— Incandescent light:
reading-room, emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, S5c to {1 60; week, !2 to
$*: month. ?S to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
BHERMAN Apsrtment House. 2S Eighth at..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 322— The Ottington— Few choice
suites and fieveral small rooms; cheap. ¦•
TEHAMA. 435%— Nicely furnished room for
rent. ¦ .
THE Crocker. 915 Leaven worth— Fine sunny'
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A URANCH office for Call ad\-ertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1CSC
Valfn'-la ft. m
_OO_9 AM) ISOAIID.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
een-lce;- popular rates. 807 California Bt.
THE Roanoke, SOS Bush— New bouse: newly
furnished; suites with bath; perfect Illumina-
tion; private dining apartment? elevator serv-
ice; cars to all parts of city within etone's
throw of door. .
BERTLING. 736 Bush— Elegant sunny suites;
also eingle rooms; billiards for amusement of
guests ; superior table; terms reasonable.
PINE, 1222 <old Ralston nom»>— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en eulte and single, with
board. . .
THE HEATH. 212 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
cantly furnished suites or single, with board.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 SutterwNewly furnished;
__eacellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1K0 Market— Suites, 2 or j
* rooms, bath, connecting; board optional. - JI-- >.Verus 'cures' piles : or. $50 reward. /, All -up
1 to-date druggists sell and guarantee ltl:* -
¦.••'"¦ rVv : / •¦••.-. •' ' ; : ¦/ ¦¦¦:• • : - ¦••; ¦ : -:-::^-/
*¦ Reserved seat tickets for the Major, Mac-
Bride reception "on Saturday night are on
sale at; the -box, office of the Metropolitan
Temple. . • •
-
Services at Nevah Zedek.
Services will be : held at the synagogue.
Congregation Nevah Zedek, ¦ on' Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth, this even
ing at 6;20 and to-morow at 8:30 a; m.
Rev. Victor Rosenstein, cantor of London.
England, will officiate. .
In the sick room or on your ¦ sideboard Jesse
Moore "AA" Whiskey Is Jndespensable. •
Dr. Griswold i Is ;' Arraigned.
.?¦': Dr. • W. i H. ' Griswold,' : charged with the
murder of Miss Carrie Sandholt, appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday, and was in-i
structed as to - his i rights and arraigned.
The case was, continued' till June 26, and
then -the •; Judge : fixed • the defendant's
bonds at ; 110,000. r ]>. '-y . ;¦:,']
I/ittle Girl Claimed by Mother.
Ruth Josephine Hooker, the little ¦ girl
who was taken to the. City Prison
Wednesday from • the . ferry depot, was
claimed by her mother yesterday morning.
The . mother, who is Viola Hooker, an
actress in a resort on Market street, said
she had been unable to meet her friend
who brought the child from Bakorsflcld
at the ferry, which caused all the trouble.
"Under Two Flags" at the Columbia
By an inadvertence it/was yesterday an
nounced that ; Miss Blanche Bates would
appear in "Under Two Flags" at the Cali
fornia Theater next week, instead of at
the Columbia ¦ Theater. ?* Next Monday
evening Paul Potter's new play "Under
Two Flags.",, will be seen at the Columbil
Theater for the first time af ter its 150
night run. in .New .York. The orisrlnaJ
cast, including-Misa.Bates^wllllpSaV
Hostler's Back Broken.
Jerry Thompson, . 25 j years of age fell
from the hay .loft of the Horanada' sta
bles, on : street, last night and
struck - a..pole , In his ; descent. He was
taken to the Emergency Hospital. - where
Dr. von der/Leith found that his back
was broken and that he was paralyzed
£r i1 m i!, he wals:down - Thompson resides
with his parents at 2426 Chestnut street.
- Mrs. ",H.; G. W. Dinkelspiel, : wife of the
well-known attorney /of -that name, and
Mrs. 1 C. - S. ¦¦'¦; Marshall, : whose > husband ; is
connected .with [ the > H. \ S.|Crocker,,Com
pany,'"'were ithoi'victlms : of an /accident
caused*.by_the,running.away.of a fright
ened horse, near , San f Mateo ' last Tuesday.
Both- the • ladles • suffered^ a* number of
bruises and sprains and narrowly escaped
death."v ;! ' -- . ' ¦-¦'¦- ' '•' •• ¦' -
, Mrs. Dinkelspieland Mrs. Marshall were
enjoying a drive on the Sap Mateo road.
Their r horse became :' frightened fatl ah
automobile. handled' by "Templeton Crock^
er, ¦; son of - the ' late Fred : Crocker, which
shot by the animal suddenly. TheV ladies
bravely -attempted, to check the speed of
the thoroughly ! frightened horse, but were
unsuccessful:- The animal- dashed' wildly
down the road, dragging the 'frail vehicle
with- its frightened. occupants* from side
to side. ¦•'..'-•' ¦••¦¦•;••••"•. \- ¦¦¦•.¦."•;,
Vr A rut .' in ; tha/road ; upset ' the rig. arid
.both- ladies ; were,* thrown . a> distance of
twenty feet and; over a '.fence at the road
side. Though ,both were badly s'^ ken up
WOMEN THROWN
OVER A FENCE
Distressing Adventure sof
Two Ladies b£ San
Francisco:
"Passion Play" Lecture.
s Last night an interesting . lecture on
"The Passion i Play at ;| Oberammergau"
was given at -.Golden' Gate Hall by Mrs.
L. A. Calhouh.. The lecture was copiously
illustrated by handsomely colored stereop
ticon j views that : were made at ; the last
representation of the play in' 1900. . Por
traits of all the chief characters in the
play were shown, as .well as the tableaus
and exceedingly : effective pictures of the
various- scenes. Only a fair audience at
tended the lecture.
Found Guilty of Con
tempt and Jailed on
Felony { Charge. ,
James K. Ross, attorney at law, after
being adjudge^ guilty, of contempt of
court by Judge Kerrigan yesterday, morn
ing, fell into the hands of the police, who
took him into i custody on'a charge of ob
taining money . by false pretenses prefer
red by Dr. Redmond W. > Payne. - Ross ap
peared before Judge Kerrigan to show
cause why he! should not be punished for
contempt of court for having given Thom
as | Kollman, his client, ''-'. a | document pur
porting to be a copy of a decree of divorce!
under the i provisions of ; which Kollman
believed he was again a single man.
"When the matter was -called Attorney
Joseph H. . Mayer, appointed .by "Judge
Kerrigan . to proceed i against Ross, v pre
sented his | case. HeV read | the"" affidavit
signed by j Kollman; . which .was , {he I mov
ing paper in^he "contempt .proceedings,',
and then caHed ' Kollman's aged ¦ mother
to the stand 5 to corroborate her son's alle
gation that :• Ross . had j procured I $40 1 from
him on the assurance that ¦ he ¦ "was -now
a widower," and^placing 'in /Kollman's
ATTORNEY ROSS
IS IN TROUBLE
hands in proof thereof the slmllated • di
vorce ; decree. / ¦:-'.; . ¦"¦ '
¦\ In concluding his , case Attorney • Mayer
said 'he fully appreciated the delicacy . of
his position as the -friend, of; the court.
The duty which he owed to the court and
to the affiant. vKollman.he;well knew, he
said, and also did -he appreciate his duty
toward the accused: - •"And," •. said -Mr.
Mayer,; "if your -Honor .is- not convinced
beyond a reasonable doubt, that the re
spondent is guilty, I ask that he be purg
ed* of the ¦ charge •" of contempt which -I
have lodged against him." ...
': Ross then made a statement f to the
court, which . in | effect was a general de
nial of the ¦ allegations made by Kollman.
His explanation availed him not, however,
for Judge Kerrigan adjudged him guilty.
of:fontemDt of court.
The' Judge,' in -pronouncing Judgment,
said he was convinced that Attorney Ross
was guilty of contempt.:. "The I profes
sion," said the court; "must be protected
from persons who. violate the court pro
cess in: such '¦ a manner.; I owe' it 1 to my
position and to the public to see that such
offenses are punished.- And while I < re
gret that It has to fall upon one for whom
I; have entertained 'very great respect.it
is nevertheless my duty to- hold that you
have . been : guilty -~ of ¦: contempt - of this
court. Sentence is i suspended/ however,
aud the , affiant is directed -to bring . the
matter before the Bar Association for dis
barment proceedings." ¦ .- -/ v
alleged deeds were valid or genuine or
from claiming or asserting any right.
title or Interest In the property involved
under the deeds."
It was also determined. that Mrs. Cra
ven had no claim to the estate and that
she should give up the deeds. The appeal
which was carried to the Supreme Court
and the point now finally settled Involves
only the question as to the right of a jury
trial. This decision, however, practically
settles the dispute. • .
There remains but one step to be taken,
and that -is a petition to the Superior
Court for a new trial to determine wheth
er or not the deeds were forged, and then
to make an appeal on this* issue to the
Supreme Court.
Mrs. Craven is at present contesting for
a» widow's share of the personal property
which is up for distribution. She has re
quested a transfer of the case to another
court than that of Judge Troutt on the
ground that he is prejudiced In favor of
the Fair heirs. No decision in this-mat
ter has yet been given.
teresting part of the day's excursion, and
all members of the party expressed regret
that lack of time prevented their seeing
more of the beautiful Napa Valley. - v •
A landing, .was niade at Suscol, . and the
Congressmen sat on grassy banks and ad
mired the pigs and. geese in the barnyard
of the single ranch /house' there until, the
coming *.of the -train, which -had- to .'be
flagged.for them. ; : . is '. . a .
Senator. Cqrlett v came down; from Napa
in a launch'/ to- express regrets for that
town that the Congressmen lacked time
to visit it. The appropriation asked for is
54000 to dredge a channel between Suscol
and Napa" to a depth .of four feet at low
water. It is desired also to have the creek
channel . straightened at several points,
but an appropriation. is not asked for at
the present for- that purpose. "
Returning to South Vallejo by. train, the
party went aboard-. the Slocum, waiting
for. them there, ¦ and reached ' San Fran
cisco shortly before . 7. o'clock.
and bruised neither lady was seriously
injured. Their ¦ escape from death was
miraculous. . ,
from Mare Island/with its cargo of Con
gressmen, and .Colonel Heuer took occa
sion to enforce the lesson of the need of
buoys to mark the channel of the creek.
Congressman Reeves demanded of Chair
man Burton that he get the committee out
of its difficulty,, and after ,jnuch puffing.
,\and fussing the launch got free and pro- ;
-ceeded on its- journey:' • :¦"¦ - •
K ¦ The journey up the creek, between tule
f grown banks that rapidly narrowed as the
! creek was ascended.was not the least In- J
SCENES ABOARD THE GENERAL FRISBIE AMD AT MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD DURING* THE TRIP OF THE
RIVERS AND HARBORS COMMITTEE, UNDER GUIDANCE OF A 'COMMITTEE OF VALLEJO CITIZENS OF
WHICH SENATOR LUCHSINGER WAS A LEADING MEMBER. . ¦
• ¦ ¦¦'•¦.¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ •-.-¦ k . --- ' ¦ ...¦'¦ ' ¦¦ ' "" ¦ " • '.
and as far as Martinez, where the steam
er turned and passed back out of Carqul
nez Straits and headed for Mare Island.
An elaborate dinner, provided by the
generosity of the Vallejo people, was
served on the General Frisble.
VOYAGERS STICK l ; \
ON BAR; IN:. CREEK
Commission Rock, in Mare Island
Strait, was passed near at hand. The
Vallejo and navy yard people are partic
ularly interested in getting ordered a sur
vey and estimate of the cost of blasting
it out and dredging a channel through the
Bhoals supposed to have been caused by
The navy yard landing was reached
about 1:15. Admiral Miller, commandant
of the yard; Commandant Phelps, Captain
Forsyth and other. officers received the
guests and showed them about the great
establishment.
At 2:10 the members of the Congres
sional committee, Congressman Coombs,
W. M. Bunker and a few others em
barked .on the Government launch Lively
for the trip up Napa Creek. ,The women
and the other men of the party remained
pn the General Frisble and after a short
visit at Vallejo returned to San Francisco.
The launch Lively got fasYon a bar! off
Green Island bight, six or seven miles
clear thinker and forcible speaker.' Withal
he Is affable and companionable. This Is
his third term as chairman of the Rivers
and Harbors Committee, to which posi
tion he was advanced over three ranking
members because of his encyclopedic
knowledge of the waterways of the entire
country.
During the trip yesterday Congressman
Burton was busy . every minute. • Ho
leaned out of a window of the pilot house
and scanned every object, or questioned
Colonel Heuer closely as to shoals or tides
or currents. He studied charts and made
notes upon them, and dictated facts and
figures to his stenographer.
When the start was made from Mission
street wharf it was Chairman Burton who
asked that the steamer go around the
west arid north of Angel Island in order
that he might study Raccoon Straits, and
Colonel Heuer said with some local pride
that he would show him a tide as strong
as that at Hell Gate.
Steamers along the water front whistled
a salute as the General Frisble passed.
Arch Rock was passed to port, and the
steamer ran in fairly close to Sausalito
harbor and then headed dead against the
current of Raccoon Straits. y
The opposite shore of the bay was ap
proached near Crockett, and the General
Frlsbie steamed along at a rapid rate over
the route of the proposed deepened chan
nel. The Pinole shoals, which now inter
fere with • the passage of deep-draught
vessels Jo Port Costa and to Mare Island,
INSPECT
CHANNEL
AND TIDE
Object Lessons in Conditions
and Commercial Importance
of Harbors Are Impressed
Route of Proposed Deepened
Channel Over Troublesome
Pinole Shoals Traversed
Commission Rock Viewed
and Visits Are Paid to Mare
. Island and to Napa Creek
f ¦ HE Rivers and Harbors Commifc
| :ee was taken in charge yester-
I 3ajv by the Vallejo. Chamber of
jj ' Commerce and was given a set
8 at object lessons that most cer
¦*• tainly will prove valuable to its
members when they come to de
termine what waterways improvements
ought to be undertaken by the Govern
ment. The trip up the bay, over the route
of survey of the proposed deepened chan
nel, to Vallejo and the navy yard, and
up Napa Creek, had naught in it but
pleasant incidents, and the Congressmen
returned to San Francisco enthusiastic
over the day's excursion.
The trip up the bay was made on the
General Frisble, and the ladies of the
party returned on the same Eteamer In the
afternoon. The Congressmen took « a
launch ride up Napa Creek, returned to
Vallejo by train and thence back to San
Francisco on the S!ocum.
The morning was not auspicious. The
sky was overcast and a raw wind was
blowing, but before Port Costa was
reached the sun had come out and during
the remainder of the day perfect weather
was enjoyed. ,
What the results will be can scarcely
be forecast, even in the most general wav.
The members of the committee are not
given, to expressing intentions. The Items
to be included in a rivers and harbors bill
can be determined only when the demands
of all parts of the country are considered
and their relative importance established.
The representatives of California's com
mercial interests who accompanied the
party feel well satisfied with the trip and
predict good results. .
The Vallejo committee had come down
on the Monticello. leaving Vallejo at 7
o'clock. The start from the Mission
street wharf was not made until 9:30.
Of the Congressional committee, the fol
lowing were on the trip yesterday: Chair
man Theodore E. Burton of Illinois. Wal
ter Reeves of Illinois, Roswell P. Bishop
of Michigan, D. S. Alexander of New
Tork, Thomas H. Tongue of Oregon.
James H. Bankhead of Alabama, Philip
D. McCulloch of Arkansas, Thomas H.
Ball of Texas, George P. Lawrence of
Massachusetts and James II. Davidson of
Wisconsin.
VALLEJO PEOPLE
DID THE HONORS
The Vallejo committee consisted of the
following citizens and representatives of
the Chamber of Commerce:
Frank R. D*vlln, president Chamber of Com
merce; Georee J. Campbell Jr., secretary; Hon
J. J. Luchslnc*r. Hon. George J, Campbell,
R. J. A. Aden, Samuel Hint. John J. Jone*.
Robert Clertjorn. E. B. Hutsey. J. j. Madl
ran. Oeorre Morton. John Brownlie. J. A.
Mclnnle. • PhJilp Lynch. Qeorire Newman. W.
T. Kcllrv. William Kavanaugh. Henry Stahl.
Geort* Hoe. V. V. Harrier. L. G. Harrier.
Joseph EnffUth. IV. D. PennjTook. Ike Dan
ner.baum. A. Ke*hl«hy«n. M. Kamper. A. L,.
Unthnway. O. H. Oakley. Hon. Jame« Mc-
Cudrten. J. U. I'etrle, James Honey.
Lieutenant Commander A. O. Foehter.
Captain Whiting of th«« training ship In
dependence and Captain W. II. Meyers of
the Marine- Corp* w»re aboard th« Gen
eral Frtfbie to do the honors for the navy
yard.
President JCewhall of th<» San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce: WV M. Hunknr,
chairman of the general committee of re
ception from the commercial bodies;
Ebcr.ez<>r Scott, secretary of the Cham
ber of Commerce: Moses Greenebaum. C.
8. Benedick and I... M. King of the Mer
chants' Association; C. E. Bancroft of
the Manufacturrre' and Producers' Asso
ciation; O. W. McNear Jr., and C. Schil
ling accompanied the party to look out for
Ban Francisco's direct commercial Inter
ests.
From Oakland Congressman Metealf,
Edson Adams. J. B. Taylor, Craigie Sharp
and Fred M. Campbell made the trip as
far as Vallejo.
LEGISLATORS WITH
THE COMMITTEES
Congressman Woods, to whose efforts
more than those of any other .man this
Congressional committee visit is due; was
with the party. Congressman Frank L.
Coombs was also aboard, and It was un
der his guidance that the trip up Napa
Creek ¦was made.
Major Heucr of the corps of engineers
•was aboard, with a roll of charts and
blueprints, ready to answer any question
that might be propounded as to tides, or
channels, or obstructions.
Assemblyman Alden Anderson accom
panied the party as far as Mare Island.
Luman M. Ellis, secretary of the Congres
sional committee; Frank H. Hitchcock,
chief, of the Bureau of Foreign Markets
of the Department of Agriculture, and
Stenographer J. W. Hencke made the
trip.
VICTORY AGAIN
GOES TO FAIRS
Nettie Craven's Petition
for a Rehearing Is
Denied. W&
The Supreme Court yesterday denied
Mrs. Nettie Craven's petition for a re
hearing of her appeal for a Jury trial In
the matter cf the alleged forged deeds
•which involved two pieces of San Fran
cisco real estate valued at $1,000,000.
The appeal was taken from the ruling
of the lower court, which declared that as
equitable and legal rights were both af
fected In the contest It had the preroga
tive of controlling the order of proof an<l
was therefore Justified in adjudicating the
equitable issues; Mrs. Craven's attorney*
contended that the case was one of law
and not of equity, and that 'she was en
titled to a. Jury trial.
The Supreme Court affirmed the decision
of the Superior Court. Justice Temple
alone dissenting. The petition for a re
hearing was taken as a last resort, and
the court's decision finally settles the con
tention for a trial by jury. . •
The lower court found. that-all. the ma
terial facts alleged by the Fair heirs were
supported by the proof and issued an In
junction forever restraining Mrs. Craven
"from * asserting or . pretending that the
were traversed. The Government en
gineers have recommended the' dredging
of a 300-foot channel to a depth of thirty
feet for- a distance of four miles across
the shoals. The estimated cost Is $381,000.
It is this project which is nearest the
hearts of shipping men of San Francisco
and which also has the support of all
who befriend the interests of Vallejo and
the Mare Island Navy Yard. ,
ADMIRAL MILLER
RECEIVES GUESTS
A run was ¦ made up past- Port Costa
Mrs. Walter Reeves, Mrs. J. ! B. Bank
head. Mrs. P. T>. McCulloch, Miss Louise
McCulloch, Mrs. A. E. Eeames and Mrs.
J. W.-Hencke of the Congressional party
enjoyed the pleasures of the excursion.
Mrs. "William M. Bunker, Mrs. Edson F.
Adams. Mrs. Victor H. Metcalf and Mrs.
Clare O. Southard accompanied them. A
number of ladies from Vallejo came down
with the Vallejo committee to receive the
ladies of the 'party and make the trip
pleasant for them. They were Mrs.' J. A.
Innes, Mrs. F. W. Gorham, Mrs. Lewis
Carpenter, Mrs. William Norris, Mrs. S.
M. Levee. Mrs. Brigrgs, Miss Mabel Rich
ardson. Miss Anne Richardson. Miss Lou
Luchsfnger, Miss Mamie Luchsinger. Miss
Llllie Higson, Miss Edith Gerish and Mies
Cyetta McQuald.
Congressman Burton of Cleveland, Ohio,
chairman of the committee, was Indefati
gable throughout the day. He saw every
thing, and points and coves and buoys,
even, thqt he had never seen before were
old friends. He knew -their names, and
his face showed- keen pleasure as object
after object passed from the category of
his theoretical knowledge to the knowl
edge of personal observation.
COMMITTEE HAS
IDEAL CHAIRMAN
Burton is a wonderful man, and there
is little wonder that his friends speak of
him as a Presidential possibility. He
works unceasingly almost, and with the
concentration of effort that produces
greatest results. His mind is a store
house, of well ordered facts, and he is a
LAND FOR
NEW SITE
AS GIFT
John McNear Offers £00 Acres
at Point Pedro as a New-
Location for; a Navy Yard
Trip Out to the Heads and
Up Petaluma Greek Will Be
Madeby Committee To-Day
THE discussion of the shallownesa
of the channel leading to Mare
Island navy-yard and Secretary
Long's adverse comments upon
the ; na.vy-yard'3 location has
caused the other side of the bay
to sprout ambitious. John A.
McNear has come forward with an offer
to the Government of 500 acres at Point
Pedro for a navy-yard site. The largest
battleships could approach there at any
time, and the people of that region ara
enthusiastic over proposed efforts to get
the navy-yard transferred to that loca
tion.
The Rivers and Harbors Committee will
visit Point Pedro to-day on it3 way up
Petaluma Cieek, which Is really the ob
jsctlve point of the day's trip. This will
be the last excursion to bo made from
San Francisco.
The party will go on the Slocum, leav
ing the transport dock at 9 o'clock. A
run out to the heads will be made, and
then the army transport tug will steam
for Point Pedro. The • Congressmen will
be met there by a reception, commltteo
from Petaluma, ' consisting of Mayor
Bralnard, F. A. Cromwell, George P. Mc-
Near, John A. McNear, J. L. Dinwlddle.
William Hill, J>. B. Fairbanks and W. B.
HaskelL
The steamer Gold will be taken at Point
Pedro for the trip up Petaluma Creek.
The citizens of Petaluma plan to give a
luncheon on board the Gold and another
at the American Hotel In Petaluma, at
each of which Sonoma County wines only
will be used. ' . ¦ -'
The party will arrive at the haystacks,
two miles below Petaluma, about 1
o'clock and from there will bo driven to>
Petaluma In carriages. The party will
proceed by train to Tlburon, and from
there back to San Frand3co eltheS^by tha
regular ferry-boat or by the Slocum.
The women of the Congressional party
will not accompany the Congressmen on
to-day's trip. The members of the party
will devote to-morrow to sight-seeing in
the city, and Sunday will be given over
to rest. The visitors will leave Monday
for Stockton and the remainder of Its
California itinerary.
Chairman Burton will leave to-morrow
morning for. a visit to his brother, a well
known mining man at Kelsey, El Dorado
County. He will not return to. San Fran
cisco, but will Join his colleagues at
Stockton.
Next Two Days Will Be Spent
by Congressional Visitors
in Sight-Seeing and Rest
WASHINGTON. June aX-Th» trans
port Thomas, carrying' teachers to Manila,
will sail on July- 23. Judge Taf t to-day
cabled approval of the request of Super
intendent Atkinson, who nas charge of
the schools of the Philippines, that ten
additional teachers b« designated from.
Yale, Harvard. Cornell University, Uni
versity of California and University of
Michigan. These teachers are to be paid
$1200 a year. Their appointment lies whol
ly with the Philippine Commission.
Sailing of the Teachers.
LONDON. June 20.— United States Em
bassador ChoatA la confined to his bed by
a cold. To-night his physician reports a
material Improvement In his condition.
Zmbnssador Choats 111.
Women Attorneys Barred.
MEMPItrs, June 20.— The Stats Supremo
Court, Bitting at Jackaon. to-day decided
that a woman cannot practice law In Ten
nessee.
CONGRESSMAN SHOWN THE UPPER BAY UNDER GUIDANCE
OF VALLEJO CITIZENS AND OFFICERS OF THE NAVY YARD
THE SAN FRANClScti % CALIj, AX, ; J" LHV K 31, 1 90 1 . \
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whlttlngton's
CONSUMPTION
CURE,
UUIIL7
AN UMFAILING REMEDT-
RELJEF and IMPROVEMENT
in all cases. A CERTAIN CURE
for the early stages of CON-
SUMPTION. ONE MONTH'S
TREATMENT— including a case •
of four 12-ounce bottles of medl-
;dne— J20. Address
THE WHITTIN6T0N COMPANY,
WK. WHITTIN8T0H, X. D., Xuupr,
Kaeiley, California.
DR.MCNULTY:
rPHISWELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OIJ>
.1 Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhceu.G I ret,
f trlctu ro, Hpmlnal Weakness. Impotcncw and their
allledJJlsorders. Book on Diseases of Meii. ft«fc
OrerMy eaM>xperence.Tfrm<i reasonable. Hour*.
9to3dally:e:30toa.30e'r'K9. Sunday<i.lO to 13. Consul-
tation free and 3acredly confidential. Call or addxtas
: * ~ P. KOSCOE MeXITLTY. M. D. .
3«H Seamy St.. San Fra H cl»c«, Ca#-
Solid Oak Parlor Table $1.25
Our stock of Furniture. Carpet3
and Draperies is composed of
the latest desijjns.
Get an estimate from us on
. everything required to furnish
your entire establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
ioo miles. We close at six.
I. Brilliant
FURNITURE Co!,
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.