VOLUME XC— NO. 166.
ROOSEVELT OPPOSES REVISION OF TARIFF
NICARAGUA
ROUTE WILL
BE FAVORED
Final Report of Isthmian
Canal Commission
Completed.
Provides for the Construction
of a Waterway to Cost
8200,000,000.
Powerful Combination Is Formed to
Throw Obstacles in the Way of
legislation to Aid the
Great Undertaking.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
"XV.. "WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Here are
Borne of the important points in the final
report of the Isthmian Canal Commission,
vhich was practically completed to-day:
First— Consideration of all information
obtained ¦with regard to the Nicaragua
end the Panama canal routes establishes
that the former is "the most practicable
and feasible route for an isthmian canal
to be under the control, management and
ownership of the United States."
Second— Provision is made for a canal
•which shall have a depth of thirty-five
feet and a width at the bottom of at
least 150 feet, and which shall be provided
¦with eiirht locks, four on either side of
Lake Nicaragua.
Third— Estimated cost of the construc
tion of the canal by the Nicaragua route
is £bout $200,000,000. This Is 558,000,000 moiv
than it will cost to complete the Panama
car.al, excluding the price that would
have to be paid for acquiring the Panama
canal concession.
Nearer to United States.
While the Panama canal, after comple
tion, would be shorter than the Nicara
gruan canal and would have fewer locks
and less curvature, enabling the saving
of twenty-one hours for the passage of a
ship from the Atlantic to the Pacific
Qfpa», this advantage is offset by tha
fact that the Nicaragua route is nearer
to the United States and a ship sailing
between New York and San Francisco
could save time by using the Nicaragua
instead of the Panama route.
Fourth— The commission declines to rec
ommend for adoption the proposal sub
mitted by the Panama Canal Company
relative to the price which shall be paid
by the United States for its concession.
Trammeled by this concession. Colombia
is rot free to enter into independent ar
rangements with the United States.
Fifth— Unlike Colombia, Nicaragua and
Costa Rica are absolutely unbound by
any engagements and are prepared to
make liberal concessions to the United
States to Induce It to build the Nicaragua
canal.
Combination in Opposition.
The recommendations of the commis
sion are unanimous. While the commis
sion will make no reference in its report
to obstacles which may be thrown in the
tray of legislation In behalf of the Nica
ragua route, its members understand that
a combination has been formed to defeat
the Nicaragua canal bill which will be the
outcome of its report.
This combination consists of the follow
ing interests: The transcontinental rail
read companies, Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. Panama Canal Company, Suez
Caral Company and Atlas Steamship
Company.
RAILROAD DIRECTORS
WILL ACT IN HARMONY
Conflicting Interests in the Burling
ton Management Finally Reach
an Agreement.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— The Tribune will
Bay to-morrow regarding the meeting of
the stockholders of the Burlington road
on Thursday: "It is understood that all
of the eleven directors have been agreed
upon by the Hill and Harriman interests.
It can be stated that three of the new
directors will represent the Harriman in
terests, one the Rockefellers, one the
Venderbilts and the rest will be on the
Hill side. It is also said there will be no
change in the management of the Bur
lington for the present, except that Dar-
Miller will be elected second vice
dent to fill a vacancy, and he will
"* ba the traffic director of the Hill roads,
with headquarters at Chicago. The Chi-
Burlington and Quiney road, the
- uri lines of the Burlington and the
Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
In Nebraska will be leased to the Chi
cago, Burlington and Qulncy Company,
whioh will operate all the Burlington
lines.
JEHANDAD TTFTA.N MATTES
TROUBLE ON THE FRONTIER
Gathers Followers and Attacks en
Afghan Post, but Is Put
To Flight.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— "1t is reported
here," says the St. Petersburg corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph, "that
Jehandad Kahn. who fled from Afghan
istan on the death of tho Ameer, has been
making trouble on the Indian frontier. He
gathered several hundred followers and
attacked an Afghan post of 200
troops commanded by All Akbar near the
jtrontier. All Akbar drove the rebels over
' frontier, losing one officer and nine
Voldiers killed.
"The British authorities, according to
report, then arrested All Akbar, while
The San Francisco Call.
"LES HUGUENOTS" IS WELL RENDERED
BY GRAU'S TALENTED OPERA SINGERS
SOCIETY was not fully represented
last evening at the Grand Opera
house when Maurice Grau pre
sented "Les Huguenots" for the
second performance of the grand
opera season. The appearance of the
auditorium was in striking contrast to
the openirg night, when the flower of
fashion, culture and wealth thronged the
big building and showered its approval
on the famous artists who sang in "Lo
hengrin."
The indisposition of Calve, who was to
have made her iirst appearance here in
"Carmen," was the cause of the second
night of the opera season being an "off
night" in the matter of attendance.
The sympathy of every one must be ex
tended to Manager Grau and his ener
getic associates, whose superb plans have
been temporarily upset by the delicate
throat of the "greatest Carmen of all."
There was no long line of carriages last
night and vacant boxes and rows of seats
told a mute story of the disappointment
that society felt in the change of pro
gramme and the substitution of "Les
Huguenots' for "Carmen" with only two
days' notice.
There was no crush in the foyer before
the performance or during the intermis
sions, and gorgeous gowns were conspicu
ous by their absence.
Ovation for Gadski and De Reszke.
Had Calve appeared, as originally an
nounced, last night she would have been
received by an overflowing house, for
every seat had been sold on Saturday
last. The news of the diva's indisposition,
made public on Sunday, caused ticket
holders to change seats for next week,
when Calve Is expected to sing.
Last night's audience was, moreover, a
Jehandad Khan fled to Kurram Valley.
Habid Ullah has ordered the troops to
pursue Jehandad Khan."
German Shipping Endangered.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— "An American syn
dicate has purchased 10,000 shares of the
stock of a Hamburg steamship lino
through a Vienna bank," says a Berlin
correspondent of the Daily Mall. "The
purchaser is thus enabled to demand at
the next meeting a revision of the arti
cles of association In its own favor. There
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901!
frigid one, and the lack of applause in
the first and second acts seemed to af
fect the singers. But a treat was in store
for all present, for in the third act
Madame Gadski, incomparable artiste
that she is, with Edouard de Reszke,
fairly roused the audience from its leth
argy and by sheer artistic work won
round upon round of cheers and many
curtain calls.
Much interest was displayed in the first
appearance of De Marchi, the tenor, who
sang Raoul, and the favorites of last sea
son all received hearty recognition when
the audience "warmed up" to the efforts
of the singers. Scottl, Journet, Suzanne
Adams, Madame Van Cauteren, Miss
Bauermeister, Jacques Bars and Miss
Louise Homer were awarded applause
and curtain calls after the third act.
Seppilli Conducts Masterfully.
Seppilli conducted the orchestra and
again proved himself a master of his
craft.
At the conclusion of the performance
many of those present adjourned to the
grillroom of the Palace Hotel and other
fashionable places to enjoy midnight sup
pers.
To-nisrht "La Traviata" will be sung,
with Madame Sembrich, Madame Van
Cauteren, Miss Bauermeister, Campanari,
Vanni, Bars, Dufriche, Gilibert and
Salignac in the cast.
To-morrow evening "Tannhauser" will
be given, with Madame Eames, Van
Dyck. Viviani, Bispham, Bars and Louise
Reuss-Belce in the principal characters.
"Die Walkure" will be given on Friday
night, and "Faust" on Saturday after
noon. "Manon," with Sibyl Sanderson, is
the bill for Saturday night, and "La
Boheme" Is to be sung on Sunday night
at popular prices.
is a general feeling here that the Ameri
can danger to German shipping is more
serious than has been supposed."
Paying Theatrical Venture.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 12.—
Treasurer Edwards of the Associated
Students was remarkably successful
financially in his theatrical venture. The
receipts from the performance of "The
Man From Mexico," given at the Grand
Opera-houtse under student body man
agement show that the treasury is more
than $400 richer through the transac
tion.
FOUR PRINCIPALS OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA-HOUSE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK WHO SANG IN "LES HUGUENOTS" AT THE SECOND
GRAU PERFORMANCE OF THE SEASON IN THIS CITY.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON
THE ponderous splendors of
"Gli Ugonotti," even with the in
most part excellent cast afforded
it by Mr. Grau last night, did not
serve to nil the Grand Opera
house as Eames and "Lohengrin" filled it
on Monday evening. The disappointment
of the Calve Carmen naturally counted
here, but there were not a few empty
seats around the edges of the house, and
there was a general air of "lights fled and
garlands dead" about things. The enthu
siasts were resting after their tremen
dous efforts of the night before, and
though there was spasmodic magnificerce
about the performance, it must be con
ceded that as a whole it was not one to
create a wild enthusiasm. The chorus fell
distinctly short, both in quality and vol
ume of tone, even the favorite "Rataplan"
song hardly getting a hand. It lacked
spirit, swing, for the most part, though
there were a few moving climaxes that
lifted things choral to where they should
be. Neither was the orchestra quite the
same instrument in Mr. Flon's hands as
that from which Mr. Damrosch drew such
satisfying harmonies on Monday night,
lacking a little the swift certainty of re
sponse, the magic obedience to the Dam
rosch baton. Neither is "The Huguenots"
Wagner, for the matter of that. Still there
is much that is genuinely beautiful in ihe
opera, gloomy grandeurs and pageantries
of sound, the love music of Valentine and
Raoul, the passing splendor of "The Con
secration of the Swords" and other num
bers that will linger when even the bril
liant cast that now makes "The Hu
guenots" a possibility on a distinguished
programme shall no longer have that
power.
Scribe waa not at his clearest when he
furnished the plot for "Gli Ugonotti." As
often as one hears the opera just so often
Is it necessary to get the libretto to un
tangle the plot, to know who is doing
what and why. The explanatory demon is
at his busiest during its progress, noth
ing save a Bernhardt drama offering him
so rich opportunity. It was not difficult
to disentangle Scotti from the crowd of
nobles that appear in the opening scene,
nor De Reszke, but tho new tenor could
not be so easily distinguished— by ear.
De Marchi does not quite fulfill expecta
tions, as he was heard last night. So
much was expected, however, that It la
perhaps not surprising that ha fell some
what short. His voice lacks smoothness,
roundness, though one big- full high note
that the house rose to, by the way— gave
indication that Signor de March! was
perhaps not in best form. He lacks
strength dramatically, but is a pleasing
fimjre in the picture.
The plaudits last evening were mostly
for Gadski, the well-beloved of San Fran
cisco, who sang the part of VaJentine.
It is a dear and beautiful note that Gad
ski touches. She has an eminently ten
der, human, woody-sweet voice, and her
gentle graciousness lifts every part she
sings to an exquisite distinction. She has
power, too, and restraint, and gave last
night a Valentine that, while it lacked
the brilliance of Nordica's, had yet a
quality more lovable in its tenderness.
Mme. Gadski was not long suffered to
remain in ignorance of what the audience
thought of her, being greeted immediately
on her appearance with applause of the
heartiest. She seems to be in excellent
health, and will be heard again on Fri
day evening in "Die "Walkure."
Scottl was magnificent as the <~omte de
Nevers. Te gods, but how the fellow can
sing! He Is. aflame with inspiration and
voiced like an Israfel who has turned his
attention to opera instead of oratorio.
The Comte de Nevers is a small part,
true, but for sheer vocal and dramatic
weight It overpowered everything in
sight save De Reszke's Marcel, that was
not always safe from comparison, either.
De Reszke's Marcel Js one of his number
less magnificences, and he used that big
abounding basso of hi 9in soul-satisfying
fashion last night. It remains only to
speak of Suzanne Adams, who slipped
into our hearts last year Just as she was
leaving, in "Rigoletto," and Mr. Journet,
who was not quite Plancon as Saint Brl*
4 Miss Adams has matured in her art
since her last visit here. Her voice has
rounded, sweetened and gained poise,
and her Marguerite di Valois evidences
altogether a remarkable progress on the
young artist's part since last year. She
is still self-conscious, a little stiff in
movement, but there's every hope for the
bright young American. Louise Homer's
bright voice and smile were excellently
uaed- in the part of Urbain.
To-night Sembrich, whose San Fran
cisco season was cut off in so untimely
fashion last year, returns to delight in
"La Traviata,"
Changeof Programme Cau c ed
by Calves Indisposition
Affects Size of Audience
Mme. Gadski and de Reszke
Rouse Indifferent Hearers
and Are Awarded Ovation
De Marchi, the New Tenor, Is
Not Quite Up to Claims of
Merit Made by His Manager
"LA TRAVIATA"
IS ATTRACTION
THIS EVENING
Violetta Mme. Sembrich
Flora Bervoise
Mme. Van Cauteren
Annina. . . .Miss Bauermeister
Giorgio Germont
Mr. Campanari
Gastone Mr. Vanni
Sarone Duphol
Mr. Jacques Bars
Marchese d'Obigny
Mr. Dufriche
Dottore Grenvil . . Mr. Gilibert
Alfredo Mr. Salignac
Conductor, Mr. Seppilli.
SERIOUS FLOODS
FOLLOW STORM
Ireland and the North of
Britain Suffer Very
Severely.
LONDON, Nov. 12. —A tremendous
storm, with torrents of rain, is sweeping
the north of Britain and Ireland. There
have been serious floods in Yorkshire.
Several of the subu: bs of Dublin are
flooded and elsewhere in. Ireland! great
damage has been done by floods. Several
fatal accidents have occurred, and rail
way communication is delayed. In some
parts of the country the rain has con
tinued for thirty-six hours. In the Man
chester district, although there has been
much damage, the floods have been
rather welcome than otherwise, as the
mills had long suffered from the unusual
drouth. r-5?"v?-
- The gale is still raging unabated to
night along the coast. Reports continu
ously arrive of shipping casualties, es
pecially on the Northumberland coast,
where the storm is extremely violent.
Three vessels were driven ashore to
night at the entrance to the Tyne. Four
small vessels have been wrecked in the
vicinity of Sunderland and another has
"wrecked off Hartlepocl. Altogether
nine persons were drowned in these dis
asters, i ihe "lighthouse on the Sunder
land pier has been washed away.
The gale in the Irish Channel is the
severest known for : lany years. Five
vessels have been wrecked in Kingston
harbor, which is . strewn with wreckage.
The mail boat Nord, which started
from Dover for Calais at half-past ll
o'clock last night, ran down the light
ship off the new works of. Dover pier.
Tho crew of the lightship was drowned.
.; At 5:15 o'clock ; this . morning: (Wednes
day) It Is rumored in Dover that sixteen
; persons went, down with the lightship.
The Nord has gone ashore . at the ' Fore
land, but her passengers ' are said to be
sate. 5
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PRESIDENT
IS AGAINST
THE PLAN
Coming Message Will
Urge New Treaties
of Reciprocity.
This Attitude Is Causing Eigh
Tariff Men Much Un
easiness.
Prominent Business Representative*
Seeking Closer Trade Relations
With the Dominion of
Canada.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— President
Roosevelt in his message will discourage
the idea of a revision of the tariff. He
will not come out flat-foot«d against it,
but the inference will be very broad. He
will touch on this subject In connection
with his recommendations in favor of re
ciprocity.
The President, notwithstanding reports
to the contrary, will be very strong and
urgent in favor of laws being passed that
will make reciprocal relations with other
countries possible.
Pressure in favor of reciprocity con
tinues unabated and is causing high tariff
men much uneasiness. Edwin G. Preston
of the Boston Chamber of Commerce and
M. S. Greenough of the Cleveland Cham
ber of Commerce, called at the White
House this morning to perfect plans for a
conference there to-morrow morning at
which representatives of commercial
bodies in nearly all the Northern cities
will be present to urge negotiations for a
reciprocity treaty with Canada.
Pressure for Reciprocity.
Members of this convention arriving
during the day met at 9 o'clock this even
ing to discuss definite plans, such as the
selection of a spokesman, and. what Is
.more ,. important . > a-., specific - rer-xiname-nrta -
tion which they will make to the Presi
dent. He may be asked to urge Canx
dian reciprocity in his message, or, what
would be more effective, to take steps
toward a renewal of the sessions of
the High Joint Commission, which is still
in existence. Of course this project ha*
nothing to do with the Kasson treaties,
for none of them relates to Canada, and
the time for negotiations of new ones un
der the Dingley law has long been passed.
But the President always has the right
to enter into treaty negotiations, and un
der them would not be hampered in doing
so by the limitations of the Dingley law,
which left small scope for the operation
of any treaty negotiated under its pro
visions.
Urge Some Concessions.
Greenough, in speaking of the interests
of his city in the proposed reciprocity,
says that Cleveland is a great manufac
turing city of iron and steel and that the
widest distributions of its products is de
sirable and necessary. The Chamber of
Commerce has already memoralized the
High Joint Commission not to wait in ne
gotiating a treaty till the United States
could secure the best side of every bar
gain, but to concede some things in th«
interest of the general welfare.
Preston points out from his studies of
the old treaty that much of the advantage
is indirect and does not appear in the
figures of exports and imports. Through
reciprocity closer relations would develop,
and this would lead to all sorts of mutual
interchanges to the advantage of both
countries. He says there is great misap
prehension as to the scope of this move
ment; that instead of being a Boston
project it finds the warmest support in all
our commercial cities and is national in its
backing.
ALABAMA ELECTION
RETURNS INCOMPLETE
Everything Indicates, However, That
the New Constitution Has Bsen
Ratified.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Nov. 12.— Partial
returns from every county in Alabama
indicate that the new constitution has
been ratified by nearly 30,000 ma;
The black belt counties, where the larg
est majorities for ratification are ex
pected, have been slow to send in re
turns, and when the official count ts
made the majority may go as high as
32,000. All of the white counties have
practically completed the count, and
they voted for the new constitution by
a small majority.
General C. M. Shelley, leader of the
opposition, declares that the State will
cast a majority of at least 20,000 against
ratification. He bases that estimate
upon the returns from North Alabama,
which show Increased majorities against
the new constitution.
DEWET IS LOCATED
IN ORANGE RIVER COLONY
Beers Collect Under His Leadership
and the British Move to Dis
perse Them.
LONDON. Nov. 12.— Lord Kitchener. In
a dispatch from Pretoria, dated Monday,
November 11. presents his weekly report
and Incidentally locates General Dewet In
, the northeastern pirt of the Orango
River Colony. He says the Boers have
recently been collecting under his lead
ership and that the British are now mov
ing to disperse them.
Lord Kitchener gives the Boer casual
ties since November* 4 as 63 killed, 103
j wounded, 104 captured and 45 surren
dered.2
WEDDINGS AND BETROTHALS THAT INTEREST THE SOCIETY
CIRCLES IN A NUMBER OF CITIES ON THE PACIFIC COAST
YAQUIS MURDER
TWO RANCHEROS
Marauding Reds Leave
Behind a Trail of
Blood.
Mexican General Torres Pur
sues and Surrounds the
Band.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON. Ariz., Nov. 12.— The haciendas
about Guaymas, which have been in a
constant state of terror for the past
mom are now thoroughly alarmed and
the population is Seeing to the city for
protection. Yesterday Don Jesus P. Pal
mas and Leonardo Pablos, prominent cit
izens of Sonora, were murdered by Ya
cjui6. They were riding from Batomatal.
a small place in the Yaoui Valley, above
Guaymas, to the Aguilar Rancho, when
an attack was made upon them. A va
quero who accompanied them had ridden
en ahead to announce their coming at the
rancho. Returning he found his com
panions ct but an -hour before lying dead
on the trail and their horses feeding a
few hundred yards away. Riding back
to Batomatal he gave the alarm and a
few minutes after his arrival a courier
arrived with news That the Indians had
raided Esoeranza rancho and the occu
pants had to flee for their lives. A dis
patch was sent to Guaymas and General
Torres, who recently arrived from Mexico
City, summoned a troop of cavalry and
started in pursuit of the India:
At Santa Maria, a military post. General
Torres was reinforced and the cavalry
scoured the country, finding everywhere
trails of Indians, who had been engaged
in running off large numbers of horses
from ranches in the valley. The Indians
escaped to the fastnesses of El Creston del
Callo Mountain and the troops could not
pursue them into that stronghold, but
General Torres surrounded the mountain,
placing a large force of men at the can
yons where the Indians might come out.
It is believed a battle will soon be fought.
A dispatch printed in El Correo de So
nora. from Batomatal. says that the
rancheros are thoroughly aroused. A
dozen murders have taker, place in a few
weeks and hundreds of horses have been
stolen by the Yacjuls.
When news of his death reached the
widow of Don Palmas she immediately
mounted her horse- and went alter the
body of her husband, accompanied by
vaqueros. It is feared that she, too, will
be killed, as she had not returned at last
reports.
General Torres, or "Don Leonzo," as
he is known there, led the battle which
was waged against the Yaquis a year ago.
when liundreds of Indians were killed and
many Mexican soldiers met death. He
succeeded in driving- the redskins back
end when Chief Tatabite was killed the
war was supposed to have ended and
peace would reign forever. But the Ya
quis returned to their valley only to pre
pare for another war and from their suc
cess in obtaining horses and provisions
it would seem that they are prepared to
fight for many months. They are well
mounted and armed and know" the hiding
places in the country and the places
where they can right to the best advant
age. The war promises to be a bloody
one. > s '
ACCUSATION OF FRAUD
AGAINST AN ATTORNEY
Suit Brought to Set Aside Mortgage
Held by William A. Bowden
of San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 12.— Charles Newman
and his wife to-day began suit against
William A. Bowden, a prominent attoi
ney of this city, to have a mortgaga
egainst their property set aside, alleging
that it was obtained by misrepresenta
tion. Newman, who conducted a distil
lery, was arrested by the Government
two years ago for violation of internal
revenue laws. He employed Bowden as
an attorney tj defend him. The com
plaint declares that on February IS, ISSC«.
Bowden came to plaintiff and claimed it
was necessary for him to give a bond to
keep him out of "prison. At the same
time, Newman claims. Bowden pre
sented a document for himself and wife
to sign, which the attorney claimed was
a bond. This they readily signed. They
believed this to be a bond until Novem
ber 8, 1901. when they went to pay their
taxes to the Tax Collector. They were
Informed they owed no taxes, as W. A.
Bowden. as mortgagee, had paid them.
Newman claims that Bowden took ad
vantage of his ignorance of the English
language to deceive him. Although
the mortgage calls for interest at 10 per
cent per annum no demand has been
made upon him in the two years inter
vening.
Attorney Bowden, when seen this even
ing, denied the charges of Neuman and
his wife. He said that he defended Neu
man on four charges of violating inter
nal revenue laws. His fee was $$(*>. Neu
man. to secure the fee. executed a mort
gage of $1,000 on his place in Union Dis
trict. Bowden declares that Neuman
knew he was executing the mortgage at
the time he signed it. Only a portion of
the fee has been raid.
Coroner's Jury Exonerates Pickerel.
SfISUN. Nov. 12.— Coroner J. J. Mc-
Donald and District Attorney F. R. Dev
lin went to Vacaville to-day and held an
inquest over the body of John Donnelly,
who was struck on the head with a picket
by J. E. Pickerel on Sunday nipht and
died before morning from the effects of
->w. Th<=- evidence showed that Dcn
and a man named Adams were in
toxicated and were attacking Pickerel be
cause he would not shake dice with them.
The Coroner's jury brought in a verdict to
the effect that Pickerel acted in seif
defense.
Fresno to Vote on Bonds.
FRESNO, Nov. 12.— The citizen? of
Fresno under the new charter will be
given an opportunity of expressing their
views on the question of the municipal
ownership of public utilities. The City
Trustees have cailed for December I» an
ion on the question of issuing $250.
.•.no> to acquire a municipal water
n<l on the 20th to decide whether to
tffi.OOO bonds on a city lighting plant.
The City Board of Education is figuring
on proposition to call an election to vote
On J100.090 for additional schoolhouses.
THE NEW "EVERETT!"
»£=! attj.g «v A coterie of multimillionaires have
• *V.ta 808 jhMJ^^T —^^yri^ formed a corporation with the
JKyii ft-^ivil—rwl .^SaJaH yf^ avowed purpose of producing- to the
*i&&3 ->>t//^ £\JL_-- world a PERFECT PIANO, one that
J7^ •rc^giit^*" v'vfvyii*^ a ' once appeal to grenius, to art
and to all sreat musicians as an in-
•^S^l^'^aWß^ rfT| | \f<(/ strument possessed of a perfect
c<T\ x'JvG mechanism; with a tone superb in
*jt H J ; J£&* r -&&ttw& K r*& r-JL-l * quality, soul-Inspiring as to its depth
T\Q^^^^^^§Sgg^«fl / §ga^ and volume, and without limit as to
J r^^k^^^^B^vm^a^t. The^Viley^B^Allen Co.. 933 Market
>ffA y^?Kiav^-^S^iS^S St -' th ' s city, have been appointed
f? l^^&%£**i!/*&* i^&&3s£Si 4aL t^ ie exclusive agents for the sale of
f ¦ jfi~'JSt Hp^yte*S>Jal !^^3 the new Everett piano and have just
aJnareiSßSiS JKKggaHBEMgM*3By received a carload shipment, which
'^l«^^^^^«^^a^Sisa ls the first that has ever been re-
tPJSw?^^*^ J i\^iwslo*%i ceived on this coast of the new
*ft««'KsSßBs^Si^SiSr3®R^^/ "Everett" as now constructed, and
K^/^j^iTi^PKSj which has created such a sensation
f3««H^S«SiS?*-^t !^^^S^. ' wll h all artists and musicians in
V Teirjs?EiSj§3iSSSttfisBSSfe<j''* Eastern circles wherever this art
t? I^^^???^ product of pianoism has been exhib-
it, r j^ySi-g^j^eS^O^ — T^YViftS ited " "^ Ve invite all musicians, pro-
> » mm — *"* ~"^ fessors and connoisseurs to inspect
„ , . _, — . , M '. . the "Everett" in our warerooms. 933
Market St. Take elevator for 6tli floor
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO-
CT On January 1 we will occupy the entire premise* at 931-933 . Market St
(opposite Mason,*. _^__
Daniel J. Callaghan of San Francisco 'and
Miss Violet Carey, the Youngest Daugh
ter of the Captain of Steamship Moana,
Are United in Marriage in Vancouver, B.C.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Nov. 12.-
Daniel J. Callaghan of San J^ran
cisco and Miss Violet Carey,
youngest daughter of Captain
Carey, commanding the steam
ship Moana, were married here at 2
o'clock this afternoon. It was in the city
of the Golden Gate that Mr. Callaghan
met the gir! who is now his bride. Miss
Carey was at school there, and after the
completion of her education removed
from the city. She returned two years
later and her engagement to Mr. Cal
laghan followed.
The marriage ceremony to-day was per
formed by the Rev. Father McGuckiu.
The maid of honor was Miss Fanny
Carey, sister of the bride, and W. J.
Hogg of San Francisco was groomsman.
Captain C*rey gave his daughter away.
After tht ervice in the church a break
fast v.a< served on board the Moana,
which v.tis decorated in honor of the oc
casion. Mrs. Devine. a sister of the
bride, came from her Australian home to
be present at the wedding and acted as
hostess at the breakfast and at the re
ception that followed.
DRUNKEN FREAK
IMPERILS LIVES
— -•
Intoxicated Man Shuts
Off Air Circulation
in a Mine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 12.— The
craay act of a drunken man imperiled
the lives of 400 miners working in the
coal shafts in Nar.aimo yesterday. Wil
liam Young, himself a miner, was going
home after a spree in town, when he
walked into th-? engine-house at the top
of the new Vancouver Coal Company s
No. 1 shaft. He climbed over two rapid
ly revolving speed belts, and, with th^
infinite .pains which only a drunken man
would take, shut off the steam from th-j
engines, which in another part of tne build
ing operated an immense fan that causes
air to circulate through the mine. Youn.j
then walked from the place as noiseless
ly as he had entered and was seen going
away from the building.
Two minutes later tne chief engineer
was called up by the telephone from thc
lower level of the mine by a frightened
miner, who said that already the men
had become half suffocated for want ol
air in the pit. Ihe engineer at first could
not comprehend what the trouble was,
as the machinery immediately at hand
appeared to be workins in perfect order.
A second message from the mine said
that the men had laid down their tooi3
and that many were too weak to stand.
but they were too well trained to become
panic stricken and the best of order pre
vailed.
Just then the engineer found the turned
off steam pipe t-nd a minute later the cir
culation of air was restored. Young was
arrested and confessed that he had dono
the mischief with a view of closing the
mine, but that he did not realize that ho
was imperiling human life.
Fall Causes His Death.
SAX MATEO. Nov. 12.— John Lewis, a
milker employed at the Burlingame
Dairy, was thrown from a wagon this af
ternoon and killed. There were no wlt
nesse« of the accident.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
A large number of presents were re
ceived. Several cases of gifts were sent
from Australia, testifying to the popu
larity there of Captain Carey and his
daughter. Many gifts came from San
Francisco also, the home of the groom.
The couple left to-night for San Fran
cipco. where they will arrive on Friday
morning.
TURNER ESTATE
IN THE COURTS
State University Party
to a Three-Cornered
Contest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED. Nov. 12.— A case of unusual
interest has been on trial here before
Hon. E. N. Rector, Judge of the Super
ior Court, for several days. In the mat
ter of the estate of William C. Turner,
deceased, formerly a wealthy pioneer of
Merced County, letters of administration
were granted in 1894 to W. W. Gray by ,
Judge J. K. Law, then Judge of the Su
perior Court. Later it appeared that
Judge Law was the largest unsecured
creditor of Tuiner. He presented his
claim to the administrator whom he #a I
appointed and the administrator allowed
it.
Meanwhile the Regents of the Univer
sity of California, who held a $50,01)0
mortgage on lauds belonging to Turner,
had commenced suit to foreclose, making
Gray, as administrator of Turner's es
tate, the defendant. The foreclosure suit
was about to be tried, when Sidney M.
Van Wyck Jr., the attorney acting for
the university, discovered that Gray had
been appointed administrator by Judge
Law at a time when Judge Law was dis
qualified to act, because of his own in
terest in the case.
The university immediately nominated
Edward W. Putnam to apply for letters
of administration on the ground that the
letter* issued to Gray were void. The
widow, Mrs. Elizabeth Turner, and a
daughter of Turner, Mrs. Harriet E.
Breckinridge, followed suit and applied
for letters to themselves.
All three applications are being heard
together. Testimony has been introduced
by the petitioners and none was offered
In rebuttal, for the facts were not dis
puted. Judge Law applied for leave to
make an argument, saying he was a
creditor and wished to protect his rights
as such.
The argument on behalf of the univer
sity was made by Attorney Van Wyck of
San Francisco. It occupied nearly three
days, in the course of which more than
100 decisions on similar cases in other
States were produced and read. It was
conceded that never before in California
had any court been called to pass upon
the validity of letters of administration
granted by an interested Judge, although
the code provides that no Judge shall sit
in any matter in which he is interested.
Mr. Van Wyck's argument was con
cluded yesterday. An adjournment was
taken until to-morrow, owing to engage
ments of the Tttorncys in the Supremo
Court. Arguments are then to be made
hv Judsre' Law and by Attorneys J. W.
Knnx, Frank H. Farrar and James F
Peck.
Turner's estate was originally valued at
$300,000. but owinsr to large claims of cred
itors, is now Insolvent.
Most of the people do not know where
to secure the Old English Sheffield Plat
ters, Vases and Candlesticks, and The Fe
roza Art Pottery ornaments, which un
doubtedly make the most desirable holi-^,
day presents one can ffive. The P. Rossi
Company's art store, at 229 Sutter street,
is the only art store that carries these
articles, which look very attractive among
the ancient and artistic furniture thertfn
displayed. •
» ? «
MANAGUA. Nicaragua, Nov. 12.— The Nlca
rapuan Presidential election has passed off
peacefully. General Zelaya has been re-elected
President by a large vote,
NEWLY WEDDED COUPLE AND TWO
OTHERS WHO WILL SOON WALK
TO THE MARRIAGE ALTAR.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 12.-Wedding
bells will ring out merrily in
this city at high noon £n Thurs
day, when Miss Julia F. Stew
ard and Henry F. Sieber, popu
lar society young people, will worship at
the hymeneal altar. The ceremony will
be performed by Rev. W. H. Stoy, pastor
of the First Episcopal Church, in the
residence of the bride's mother, Mrs.
Frederick Steward oft D street. The
bride will be attended by Miss Carrie
Sieber, sister of the groom, while Willey
L. Steward, brother of«the bride, will act
in the capacity of groomsman.
The bride will wear a gown of white
silk crepe de chine over white silk and
trimmed with applique embroidered chif
fon and ribbons, and will carry' a bouquet
of pink carnations and maidenhair ferns.
The maid of honor will be attired ih a
gown of white organdie over pink silk
and carry a shower bouquet of bride
roses.
The residence will be transformed into
a perfect bower of white and pink chrys
anthemums, smilax and ferns, with
myriads of softened lights. After the
ceremony luncheon will be served in the
dining room, and later the happy couple
will leave for an extended honeymoon in
San Francisco and Honolulu.
The bride to be is a beautiful and ac
complished brunette and a leader in
Marysville society. She is the daughter
of Mrs. Frederick Steward and sister of
Councilman J. W. Steward. The groom,
son of Goliber Sieber, proprietor of the
Marysville winery and packing establish
ment, is ' recognized as a progressive
young business man and a leader in so
ciety.
The wedding ceremony will be witnessed
by only the relatives of the families and
immediate friends. On return from their
honeymoon Mr. and Mrs. Sieber will re
side in Marysville.
RAILS TO SPAN
MANY COUNTIES
Huntington's New Com
pany Incorporates in
Los Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— The Pacific
Electric Railway Company, organized for
the purpose of constructing and operating
452 miles of railway in Los Angeles, San
Bernardino, Riverside, Orange, Ventura
and Santa Barbara counties, to-day filed
articles of incorporation.
At the head of the corporation are H.
E. Huntington and I. W. Hellman. The
lines of transportation, together Vvith
their branches, as proposed by this com
pany, would form a gridiron of tracks
between the sea and the mountains, and
from Los Angeles to Riverside, with a
line running to Santa Barbara as the
handle.
The company has been capitalized at
$10,000,000, divided into 100,000 shares of the
par value of $100 each. The amount of
capital stock actually subscribed is $452,
00. Following are the amounts sub
scribed by each: H. E. Huntington,
$98,600; I. W. Hellman, $67,800; A. Borel of
San Francisco, $67,800; Epes Randolph,
$50,000; J. S. Sfauson, $50,000.
The places from and to which railroads
are intended to be run are as follows:
From Los Angeles through Monrovia,
Duarte, San Bernardino, Redlands, Riv
erside, to Santa Ana, with an intermedi
ate branch through Covina to Pomona,
And a branch from San Bernardino to
Highlands. The length of this proposed
line and its branches is estimated at 145
miles.
From Los Angeles, running southeast
wardly by Whlttier to Santa Ana, with
an intermediate branch extending north
easterly to Pomona.
From Los Angeles, running in a south
erly and easterly direction, by Long
Beach to Santa Ana, with an intermedi
ate branch to San Pedro.
From Los Angeles to San Pedro, with
an intermediate branch to Redondo.
From Los Angeles to Santa Barbara.
The principal place of business of the
corporation is the city of Loa Angeles,
and the term for which it is to exist is
fifty years.
Stops the Cough
And works oft the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a cold In one day. No
Cure. No Pay. Price 25 cents. •
PACIFIC GROVE, Nov. 12.— A no
table wedding was solemnized in
picturesque St. Marys-by-tha-
Sea in this city at high noon to
day. Rev. Hobart Chetwood offi
ciated. The principals were Bernard F.
Beardmore of Honolulu and Miss Mary
Adele Laughlin of Moss Landing, this
county. The church was handsomely dec
orated and the wedding was an elaborate
though rather quiet affair, only relatives
and intimate friends being present. A
wedding breakfast in El Carmelo Hotel
followed the ceremony.
The bride was attired in white mousse
line and lace over silk, with a wealth of
orange blossoms fastening her veil. Her
sister. Miss Mabel Laughlin, who acted
as bridesmaid, wore white organdie over
pink, with a pink picture hat, and car
ried pink carnations. The bridegroom
was attended by A. Scale of Honolulu,
the well known ornithologist.
Mr. and Mrs. Beardmore will leave here
to-morrow to spend a few days with Mrs.
Beardmore's parents at Mosg Landing,
and next week will sail for Honolulu,
where they will reside, Mr. Beardmore
being connected with the Spreckels bank
in that city.
The bride is the second daughter of
Hon. S. N. Laughlin, a man prominent in
the political and business life of Monterey
County and one of the best known resi
dents of the Salinas Valley. She is a
graduate of Mills College and an artist
of high ability. For the. last two years
she has held the position of art instructor
in the schools of Honolulu.
WIFE CONDUCTS
HER OWN SUIT
Sensational Action for
Divorce Stirs Town
of Willows.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILLOWS, Nov. 12.— A sensational di
vorce case is now being heard in Glenn
County's Superior Court behind closed
doors. Mrs. Anna Bane is conducting her
own case against her husband, P. D.
Bane, a prominent farmer, who lives near
Orland. The request ¦ that the public be
barred from hearing the evidence comes
from the attorneys for the defendant.
Mrs. Bane strongly objected to closing the
doors and willingly talks of her case and
the evidence she will submit.
Mrs. Bane's complaint is a voluminous
affair and recites many alleged acts of
cruelty on the part of her husband, all of
which he denies. In the defendant's crosa
complaint he alleges that his wife wrong
fu.lly accused him of being too friendly
with a young woman formerly employed
on a newspaper at Orland and declares
that his wife told various persons that
this young woman was obliged to leave
town.
All of this Mrs. Bane, in turn, denies in
her answer, but she will try to introduce a
number of letters written by this young
woman to her husband. Some of these
letters, she alleges, address Bane as "My
darling sweetheart" and "Dearest Paul"
and are signed as "Your own," and "With
love." A fight will be made to prevent
the introduction of these warm epistles.
The cisc probably will hinge on an
agreement entered into by Mr. and Mrs.
Bane and signed by each of them in which
they agree to separate, Mrs. Bane to be
allowed $800 and to quitclaim any inter
est in Bane's property. Mrs. Bane claims
that this was abrogated when Bane wrote
to her in May, 1900, Imploring her to re
turn to him and live with him as his wife.
She did return, but he refused to take
her back.
The principals are prominent here and
the case is creating much talk. The
Banes have two young daughters, 5 and
8 years of age, who have been with their
mother.
OMAHA, Nov. 12.— Orders have been Issued
at the Department of Missouri for a squadron
of the Eleventh Cavalry, which is now sta
tioned at Jefferson Barracks, Ma, to proceed
to San Francisco in time to sail for the Phil
ippines December 16.
SACRAME^ i'O, Nov. 12.— Mr. and
Mrs. N. Zemansky gave a recep
tion last night at their residence,
1312 Third street, in honor of Rab
bi Louis Reynolds of Salt Lake
City. At the same time the reception was
in honor of the engagement of thei»
daughter. Miss Belle Zemansky, and Rab
bi Reynolds. Many friends of the family
called to meet personally the visiting rab
bi and to wish him and his bride-to-be a
happy future. The marriage will take
place in this city in January next.
Miss Zemansky is a graduate of the
Sacramento High School and is a young
woman of most pleasing presence and
manner. Rev. Mr. Reynolds is the rabbi
of the Reform Hebrew Congregation of
Salt Lake City.
New Courthouse Dedicated.
SANTA ANA, Nov. 12.— Orange County's
new $100,000 Courthouse was dedicated to
day. Thousands of visitors were in town.
RUMORS DISTURB
BERLIN SOCIETY
Grand Duchess of Hesse
Will. It Is Said, Ask
for a Divorce.
BERLIN, Nov. 12.— There appears to be
foundation for the renewed reports that
a divorce of the Grand Duke and Grand
Duchess- of Hesse is impending. Incom
patibility of temper, long existing, ap
pears to have reached the point where a
separation is inevitable. They are both
grandchildren of the late Queen Victoria,
who 1 , with the Czar and an extraordinary
assemblage of other sovereigns, was pres
ent at the wedding, which took place
April 19, 1894.
The Grand Duchess is regarded as one
of the most beautiful princesses of Eu
rope. She and the Grand Duke were
estranged during the first year of their
marriage. She left him and went to stay
with her older sister, the Crown Princess
of Roumania. Queen Victoria invited her
and her husband to visit England and
managed to restore a semblance of peace,
but that soon disappeared.
:r~ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Impaired Digestion
1 May not be all that la meant by dyspepsia
now, but it will be If neglected.
The uneasiness after eating, fits. ol nerv-
ous headache, sourness of the stomach, and
disagreeable belching may not be very bad
now, but they will be If tho stomach Is
suffered to grow weaker.
Dyspepsia is such a miserable disease
that the tendency to it should be given
early attention. This is completely over-
come by ¦¦;•"'•- r/
Hood's Sarsaparilla
which strengthens M>PTOhni<>!ii<»«»3t{ve system
IA/. X. HESS,
' NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNST-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
TeleDhone Main 983
. Residence.. B2l California »t.. below PoweJV
. . Residence Telephone James 1501.
JOHN C. CLAIR
THE PRESIDENT
Passenger Agents' Asso
ciation Names New
Officers.
Philadelphia Selected as the
Place for Next Year's
Convention.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 12.— The Ameri
can Association of Traveling Passenger
Agents opened its convention here this
morning in the Chamber of Commerce.
John C. Clair, New England agent of the
Illinois Central, with headquarters in
Boston, was elected president. T. F. Fitz
gerald of the Texas and Pacific, who re
sides in Los Angeles, is the new vice pres
ident. L. W. Landman of Detroit, with
the Hocking Valley line, was made secre
tary and treasurer.
Philadelphia is the city selected for the
convention of 1902. Preparations had been
made by a Buffalo contingent, headed by
Frederick Fox, to make a fight for that
city. The Buffalonians. however, decid
ed that theirs was a hoDeiess cause
Buffalo was not mentioned in the conven
tion.
Mayor M. P. Snyder welcomed the trav
eling passenger agents to Los Angeles at
the opening of the convention. He ex
tended to tho members of the association
the freedom of the city, and JnformeU
them that they were in "the land of wel
come." He was followed by General Pa.-<
serger Traffic Manager E. O. McCormick
of the Southern Pacific Company, who
made a clever speech. His humor was
infectious and he was frequently inter
rupted by laughter and applause. In con
cluding he admonished his hearers to "so •'
back and preach the gospel of Califor
nia."
Secretary Sichney Van Dusen, before ra
tiring. presented his report. It showed
that the treasury of the association was
in a flourishing condition.
This morning- W2 new members were
taken into the association.
Upon motion of C. W. Strain of San
Ar;tonio. Tex., it was voted that all mem
bers must pay their dues on or before
March 31 of each year, or the secretary
will draw upon them.
Members of the American Association
of General Passenger Agents to-day re
scinded all action regarding beneficiary
privileges. A benefit fund had been start
ed, but the showing was so poor that it
was voted to return the money collected.
The members in the majority are- against
the proposition, claiming that the asso
ciation should have no insurance clause in
the by-laws.
A number of speeches were made by
prominent railroad men and an adjourn
ment was taken until 1902.
The ladies of the party were this morn
ing taken for a drive around the city on
coaches and tally-hos, as guests of the
Chamber of Commerce. In the afternoon
the entire party paid a visit to the os
tiich farm at Pasadena and made the trip
to the summit of Mount Lowe.
To-morrow morning the traveling pas
senger agents will take a ride to Santa
Monica. In the afternoon they will leava
for Coronado, arriving there at 8 o'clock.
A ball and reception iiave been arranged
for them.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 12. — The improvement
club to-night wired an invitation to the
traveling passenger agents now in South
ern California to visit this city next Mon
day as the guests of the citizens. As
surances have been received that this in
vitation will be accepted. The party is
expected here for breakfast next Monday
morning, and after that two or three
hours will be devoted to a drive about
the valley. There are 2SS in the party.
DAME FORTUNE SMXLES
UPON A DINUBA EDITO3
Summoned to Share the Riches of &
Father Who Had Long Been
Missing.
VISALIA. N:v. 12.— Up to to-day J. B.
Price was one of the editors and proprie
tors of the Alta Advocate, published in
Dinuba, Tulare County. Five years ago
his father disappeared from Versailles.
Mo., and nobocy knew whither he wen'
Yesterday young Price received a letter
from his father, announcing that he hai
just returned from Mexico with $116,000
in gold. The father bade the son to coma
to him at once and said that be would
be supplied with an abundance of money.
Editor Price sold out his interest in tti^
Advocate within a few hours and de
parted for Missouri.
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is purity and beauty of TONE that
m-kss the WEBER the leading piano
. . of the day.
WEBER
PIANOS
ARE USED by the great artists i
Calve, Sembrlch, Adams. Homer, Kdouard
de Reszke, Blspham. Van Dyck, Scottl.
Eallgnac, Bridewell. Gadski, Scheo*.
Journet and others.
CLARK WISE & CO.
-41 GEARY ST., Cor. Gran* Aye.,
SOLE AGENCY.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOODqiVER.UJNCS.
-—
CNtCMCVTER'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
R»-<S7W -.„ ttrl«tn«l a«d Unly Geaaln*.
*r CHI&UBSTER'S ITNGLJSH
rJ\ V^m »» CHICILESTEK'S ENGLISH
*n*»W% la UE» ul SaM m^ullis bam. mM
JT\ • W?3 rltli blue ribbam. Take no oUer. lUAim
- 7*l *J*> tW PwttfWi iai.UtiU<«. sad Inttte.
I / ay thai. Bay at ]R>ar DrMBIK. or wad 4<-. IB
Jf ituM fer Pmrtlenlar*. TeattßMnlal*
\V*- £5 ud " Roller for UJl««.»<n I«Mr. 6/ r*.
— \_ "_lifr tan .Mall. ID.Oihi Te«tu»oof«l». Botdb*
I ta Dr»«i.i,. Chlaa«Mw Cbea*l«ai C«*
Weak Men and Women
SHOILD USE DA MIAN A BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican- remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 223 Market*ADVERTISEMENTS. I
BIfEAt(FASr crisps I
The H~O Co»s
($L H-O is sub- 1 !
Mji stantial, it is all
( ft] an oat product
J2 should be ; but if
/ variety is wanted
here is something
new ! Breakfast
Crisps," a light
weight emergency I
' ration, a concen- J
trated food, /L
malted; no^^W
cooking, all^^v
ready to serve, X^*V
and as " Crisp \
and light and dain-
\ ty" as an epicure
could wish.
) JJ
li California I
Limited
Leaves San Francisco daily
9:OO a. m.
I
New equipment, courteous
treatment, superb dining ser-
vice, perfect in every deta'l,
makes it the finest transcon-
tinental train.
75 hours to Chicago, and -10
limit to the good things for
your comfort.
— 641 Market street and
at Ferry.
The Santa fe,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
¦ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ROYAL
INSURANCE COKPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE i
Slst day of December. A. D. 1900. and for ;
the year ending; on that day. as made to the ,
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali- j
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
ClO and €11 of the Political Code, condensed as |
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $2,148,090 05
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 195,000 00 i
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3.798,412 53 ,
Cash in Company's Office 1,154 06
Caen D Banks 166. 612 26
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 40,829 16 |
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 679 17 j
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 711.129 52 i
Rtnts due and accrued 14.*50 88 ;
L>ue from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 16.427 36 ,
Total Assets J7.157.715 01 j
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 52.E16 90
Losses in process of Adjustment or In
6u«pens« 864,110 23
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 102,301 hi j
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or less, $2,748,242 41;
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,874,12120
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $4,279,-
16177; reinsurance pro rata 2,139,526 65 i
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance policies 227,010 68 i
Liability under Life Department 119,902 72!
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 19.323 11
All other liabilities ». — 319,925 74 i
Total Liabilities $4.695,738 80
INCOME. — — — —
yet cash actually received tor Fire
premiums 14,013,709 18
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Morta-a«-ea 9,47* 99
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 150,852 25
Received for Rents 54,765 2$
Total Income 54.225.506 71
EXPENDITURES.
JCet amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $822,017 £6, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,849,593 9S
Paid or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage , 6*5,843 12
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges tor officers, clerk*, etc.... 847.302 61
Paid for Stat*. National and Local
taxes 126.498 42
All other payments and expenditures. 262.667 44
Total Expenditures $4,262,105 62
Fire.
Losses Incurred flaring the year $2.810,843 17
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year . !-T $797,441,087 $5,966,047 M
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 754,048.141 6.578,709 8«
Net amount In force
December 81. 1900.... f 772.480.403 ( 7.028.20118
" ~ ~~~ E. F. BEDDALL,
General Attorney for. the U. &
Subscribed and »worn to before me this 23d
flay of January, 1901.
y EDMUND HARVEY.
Notary Public.
ROLL A V. WATT,
Manager Pacific Department,
ROYAL BUILDING,
Northwest Cor. Pine and 6ansome €ts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Agents In all cities and towns on the Pacific
Coast.
Department include* Alaska and Hawaalan
Islands.
|2£jtg^BP INJECTION. |
i | A PERMANENT CURE j!
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea 1 [
2 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 <|
C days :no other treatment required. y J i
J , Sold by all druggists. ¦ Ji
DEATH CLAIMS LUTHER W. OSBORNE,
UNCLE SAM'S ABLE CONSUL IN SAMOA
THE LATE CONSUL GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES AT APIA, SAMOA, WHO MADE A NOTABLE REC
ORD DURING THE STRIFE AMONG NATIVES BEFORE THE PARTITION OF THE ISLAND GROUP BY
THE THREE POWERS INTERESTED.
WILL GO TO MANILA
AFTER HE VISITS ROME
Special Apostolic Delegate to the Phil
ippines, Not Yet Acquainted
With His Duties.
XETVT YORK, Nov. 12.— Bishop Sbarettl
of Havana, who has been appointed
special apostolic delegate to the Philip
pines, arrived hereto-day on the Ward liner
Mexico. It was expected that Mgr. Sbar
etti would go to Manila via San Francisco,
but that plan has been changed and he is
going to Rome before proceeding to the
Philippines.
"I am going to Rome to get instructions
as to my new post." said Mgr. Sbaretti,
"and until then will not know what my
duties are to be. I have read in the news
papers that the Vatican is sending me to
the Philippines to endeavor to arrange an
agreement between the Filipinos and the
American Government. Some papers
peak about the settlement of the friar
question, whatever that may mean."
I, rt m^^ • ¦ _^_ ¦ ¦ • .-¦'-'• ¦' -¦ ¦'¦'¦.•
lonriY kyani
' ,- ' ' ' ¦ ' •
>|g!*frv , Explains How He Got Into Good Condition After His •
/§it||g^A Recent Breakdown at San Francisco, Cal. — The 2
j||#f V Cleverest and Most Consistent Fighter In the Ring %
«||gßjfc^| . To-Day Gives an Insight to His Manner of Recover- •
xiNsl l^ ing His Health. - ..._ ®
P/J "N. « Everybody heard about the recent breakdown of Tommy Ryan at ©
vjaw Wr X Ban Francisco when his stomach grave him such trouble that his fight •
JZo<if ///f^li/l \ with Jack aioffat had to be called off. "To use his own words, he was •
Jlr % '/ vJL *^K\. ln bad shape" for some time. Besides a very aggravated, form of M
J&jp If. m stomach trouble, which mad© It Impossible for him to get into condi- Z
IT "A V. Hi. \ '" - tion for such a hard proposition as Jack Moftat, he had a severe pain X
(« f/(. It, WU,, \ in his back, which the doctors termed "Lumbago." It looked bad for •
mrW/f////Wi' . *ffife».. Ktess^-V-V ie Premier welter-weight, and few expected to see him get into the 9
I wfflßp^'t A 7 Y^t' */M^v As may be seen from his letter herewith, he has recovered his : 2
D &%%& **'?/ J£ W £ !/>&]feu» \ <m<J health perfectly, and in a most ordinary and well-known manner. q
\^^mfM^^^^\ HOW TOMMY GOT IN SHAPE. * g
Wl W^^^^^^Z- I»R. MOLATTGHLIN: H ° tel MOITISOn - ChlCaff °" r^ *' "« %
rZ>s3£S23iE!s3 Dear Rlr: When I went to San Francisco a few months a*o to njrht I-
_s4A/7i^. F^mV^Trr^n vTx. • la<:k Moffat my atom»ch was troubling: me bo that a few clays before the 2?
* _wV/g ; >gjMggregt^g > \V flrht was scteduled I went all to pieces and had to cancel the encasement •
7/ 7 7 &£2lSgs£££5Zt£^>?2\ MVM V back waß in b * 4 »hai>e also. I had an awful pain which kept ma from #
/ £•/ iBSSS l 3&S£sS&*ZS^ \ doing myself justice. On my -way through Denver I called at your office A
<T / J y/z!£&=£g~%*&iZZ&Zß£—£ and purchased one of your Dr. McLausrhlin Electric Belts and have been %
' '/a^^S»S*^^*^^^ uslru; It ever slnoe. It is the greatest thlnj that was ever invented for ™
\ffH^^wfflswC^^3 building a man up. It has don* wonders for me. It Just simply made me 9
, JKSjfe«?£3?TB<R2Ks§SSSi over a rain—that is the best way I can describe how it worked. It put my A
P** B^^^^/ X&&?4 \ Btomaoh in flr»t-olaB« oondltlcn, took the pain out of my back and mad« a
& ' iS&S \&%&Z \ me as strong and vigorous as I was before my trouble came on. I feel per- 2
Jg ~*Q3f vB/Svjb -¦¦¦¦-'- i/ : fectly fit now and will not miss a chance to praise the Dr. McLaughlln • '-' •
[£ £j Vri/fix> Electric Belt as lonras I live. Respectfully yours. 9
B. t3 i{k//y/s . TOMMY RYAN, Champion Welter-weight of the World. ©
V7Vs v i£uJlc/* P. November 28, 1800— Dr. McLaugrhlln:'- Please add to my letter of • A
Ut'/y I yB/l/ V. yesterday that in my contest with Kid Carter of Brooklyn last evenlnr t ii
B« / \~fj ' had very positive evidence of how much I owe to your wonderful Belt. I '2
Yi'sC, / V/A if. never felt better, never had more steam to. my work, and during the six V 9
R ''//A Wf/*, "Hi rounds <*f htrd flrhtlnK I n«»ver felt the slightest evidence of my old 9
VLHi <0/<JJ HRVT' < stomach or back trouble. You have a wonderful remedy, and it should be A
t't/Mi'Ja B®ft|>/ V ""* by every man who wants strength and health. TOMMY RYAN. - ?
W WA DR - MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT J
pi Xs§'/ Is the grandest remedy in the, world. It is the only never- fall- •
vffixi ' y&ffi " Ing cure for Rheumatism, Lame Back, Nervousnees, General J
Vmf I Debility, Varlcooele, Weak Back and . Kidneys, Wasted Energy, , %
Ecty) xYff Sleeplessness, Fains in the Head, Back, Chest, Shoulders and©
J§oj!i _ ME " $ Limbs, Female Weakness, and all those ailments from which •
j^^^^o^ tlldL women suffer. It cures after all other remedies have failed. 2
SMr 5*5 * & WhyP Because it restores nerve life, animal vitality, warmth q
mKS&^^ Mx!!m!sS§ and vigor to all weak parts. It makes them strong, restores •
\^^/^. them to what nature intended them, health, vitality; and you •
know, dear reader, that if \ each organ; of your body is strong ?
and acts vigorously, you will be in perfect health. ; ;" ; q
DRUGS ONLY STIMULATE. DR. McLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT GIVES LASTING STRENGTH. %
ITS CUR^S ARE PERMANENT, FOREVER. 9
Its touch Is the touch of magnetism; it creates in a -weakened body new "vigor, ambition, energry, courage, hap- ©
plness and long life. It is Nature's greatest Restorer, applied frently while you sleep. It will transform your weakened ©
Pv t V r / cked body into a paradise of health. Try it, you debilitated man, you poor, weary and disheartened woman; feel 9
the life blood warming your heart, the fire in your blood and the steel in your nerves. ;;..-;.v; > . '©
CALL AND TEST IT TO-DAY, FREE -READ MY BOOK. v ©
Gall If you can and in five minutes I will make you a convert to my system of treatment. I will talk common sense to you and 9
you will see that I know what I am talking about. If you can't fall wr!te for my beautiful SO-pa^e book, which describes my method -A
of treatment and gives prices. It la ::ec-. Call or write to-day. Office hours, 9a.m. to i p. ; m., Sundays, 10 to 1. ¦. ¦ .Jf
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, ™E3£i£*cr** i
'••^•••••••••••••^••^^••^••••••••••^•••••••••••••••••••••••••mS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
Distinguished for the Diplomatic Part He
Played in the Island Group During the
Troublesome Days Before the Partition
by Three of the Powers of the World
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12. - A
cablegram received at the
State Department from Auck
land, N. Z., announces the
death at Apia, Samoa, on Oc
tober 25 of Luther W. Osborne, United
States Consul General at Apia. Mr. Os
borne was born in New York and was ap
pointed to his present post from Nebraska
July 26, 1897. Thus he was the principal
LIFE OF DISSIPATION
IS ENDED BY POISON
Edwin C. Crane of Detroit Commits
Suicide by Swallowing Car
bolic Acid.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Edwin C. Crane
of Detroit, Mich., committed suicide at
the Gilsey House to-day by taking car
bolic acid.
DETROIT, Mich., Nov. 12.— Edwin C.
Crane, who was about 40 years of age,
had made two other attempts to commit
suicide within the past six months. On
July 1 he jumped from a ferry-boat into
the" Detroit River, but was rescued by the
boat's crew. Later he removed to New
York to engage in musical work. He
made the second attempt on his life in
that city a few weeks ago. taking mor
phine. He was* resuscitated at a hospital.
Crane had a splendid barytone voice,
and at one time was very prominent in
local musical circles. Dissipation and the
resultant despondency is believed to have
been responsible for his suicide. He
leaves a widow and one child.
representative of the authorities of the
United States m the Samoan group in the
troublesome days before the partition and
it appeared that he alone of all the for
eign representatives at Apia aroused no
opposition. He obtained the confidence of
the natives and the other representatives
of the foreign powers. In addition to his
post at Apia Mr. Osborne was also Con
sul General at Nukualosa, the capital of
the Congo group of islands.
CAPITALISTS SECURE
VALUABLE TIMBER LAND
Control a New Mexico Tract Said*
to Be One of the Largest
in the, World.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., Nov. 12.—
It is announced that Dr. W. H. Sawyer
of Hillsdale, Mich.; D. C. Merriam of
Chicago; E. O. Grosvenor of Jonesville,
Mich.; F. TV. Stewart, president of the
First National Bank of Hillsboro; Charles
Winchester, president of the First Na
tional Bank of Elkhart, Mich.; James
Wade, secretary of the University of
Michigan, and other capitalists have se
cured control of 300,000 acres of timber
land near Mitchell, N. Mex. This tract
is said to be one of the largest in the
world, the growth available being esti
mated at 2,000,000,000 feet of clear pine. It
is said a railroad will be built connecting
with the Santa Fe Pacific near Thoreau
and a mill erected at Albuquerque with a
capacity of 50, ..j 000 feet per year.
CAUSES LEADING
TO DEPRESSION
Industrial Commission
Reviews Agricultural
Situation.
Conservatism of the Farmers
Is Said to Be a Serious
Drawback.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— The Indus
trial Commission to-day made public its
review of the evidence taken before the
commission on the subjects of agriculture
ana agricultural labor. Among other sub
jects discussed is that of*agricultural de
pression, of which the commission speaks
as follows:
The cause most assigned for the depression
of agriculture In the Kastern States is tbe
Increased production due to the opening of
lands in advance of natural demand, especially
through the agency of liberal land laws and
grants of lanu in aid of railroad construction.
The competition has been rendered especially
severe by the policy o>f the railroads in mak
ing freight rates relatively lower on long dis
tances. The oid staple products having thus
become unprofitable In tne East it has been
necessary lor farmers to change their methods
and vary the character of their crops, taking
up especially the culture of products whicu
are not easily transported long distances. Thus
truck farming has largely superseded cereal
growing aiong the Atlantic coast, but farmers
In the North Atlantic States now complain of
the severe competition of States farther south
in this industry, and much the same may be
said of fruit growing. Even so perishable a
commodity as milk Is transported much longer
distances than formerly since the introduction
of refrigerator cars.
Another cause which several witnesses assign
for the unsatisfactory condition of agriculture
in some parts of the country is the conserva
tism of the farmers, their lack of quick adjust
ment to changed conditions and lack of effect
ive business planning. The farmers, as a class,
have not kept up with the times, but have
raised the same crops year after year without
regard to changed conditions. This lack of
managing ability among farmers is especially
emphasized with reference to the Southern
States and Is given as an explanation of too
, exclusive attention to cotton production pre
vailing there.
Another cause assigned for agricultural de
pression In the South Is the scarcity of money,
the difficulty of borrowing on real estate se
curity and the consequent high rates of in
terest. It seems possible, however, to borrow
money in the South at somewhat lower rates
of interest than formerly. The decline in the
price of cotton is another important element in
the depression of agriculture in the South. The
Inefficiency of negro labor is assigned as an
other cause. On the other hand It is affirmed
that there Is too much good and cheap labor
in the South. An abundance of cheap labor is
said to be unfavorable to the success of agri
culture because it results in planting too large
an acreage and in neglect of personal atten
tion by the planter.
Against the charge that farmers are unduly
conservative is put the counter-charge that
they turn from one crop to another without
sufficient regard to the suitability of the cli
mate and soil or to the considerations of the
market.
MANY PATENTS ISSUED
TO COAST INVENTORS
Mechanics of California, Oregon and
Washington Protect Their Inven
tions From Infringement.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— The following
patents were issued to-day to Pacific
Coast inventors:
California— Calvin C. Brown, M. J. Bar
nett and F. Newnham, assignors to Rlnd
me Manufacturing Company, Los Angeles,
air, compressor for automobile alarm
whistle; Thomas G. Cantrell, San Fran
cisco, capstan or windlass; Joseph W.
Casper and W. Gerder, Sacramento, steam
mangle; Walte Gerry, Ventura, stomach
pump; Edwin A. Hardison, assignor one
half to W. L. Hardison, Los Angeles, au
tomatic casing perforator for deep wells;
Chris Larsen, Crockett, means for oiling
¦ overhead cables; Henry C. Mansfield,
Chico boot drier; Archibald B. Murray,
San Rafael, easel support; Joseph M.
Ough, San Francisco, and M. Waddell,
variable speed gear; Bernard F. Welker,
San Miguel, bookbinding.
Oregon— John F. Ames, Portland, print
ing press; Otto Hoffmann,
wheelbarrow; Cecil J. W. James, Port
land, friction attachment for match boxes.
Washington— Emil G. Derry, Seattle,
shaved ice perforator: Frank Fulch Jr.
and J. Fritch, Sedro, fly trap.
POSTMASTER . GENERAL
ASKS FOR MORE FUNDS
Intends Extending the Free Delivery
System, as It Is of the Great
est Utility.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— 1n his annual
report, which will be completed soon.
Postmaster General Smith asks for an
increase in the appropriation for the free
delivery funds to $6,000,000. He will ex
tend the system as far as possible. He
expresses the opinion that this branch of
work is of the greatest utility and will
plead for most liberal consideration on the
part of Congress. He will explain in some
detail the recent action of the department
in the matter of second-class mail mat
ter, taking the position that the law
granting a rate of 1 cent per pound con
templates benefit only to absolutely legiti
mate newspapers with bona fide subscrip
tion lists.
ALLEGED DEFAiULTEH
STXLL IN CUSTODY
Former Bank President Joyce Denies
That He Tried to Evade
Arrest.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— John H. Joyce, for
mer president of the Stoughton (Wis.)
National Bank, who was arrested here
yesterday for the alleged defalcation of
$40,000, to-day declared that he had been
in constant communication with the di
rectors of the bank during his two years'
absence, and that he had worked with
them in an endeavor to straighten out the
affairs of the institution.
"I have not fled from State to State to
evade arrest," he declared. He said he
had not decided whether to resist extradi
tion.
PURCHASES LARGE TRACT
OP TEXAS GRAZING LAND
Valuable Property Acquired by Mrs.
Harriet N\ Ding, a Noted
Cattle Queen.
AUSTIN. Tex., Nov. 12.— Mm. Harriet
N. Dinar, who already owned a ranch of
more than one million acres, situated in
Southwest Texas, yesterday closed the
deal for the purchase of an additional
tract of ranch land adjoining her other
property embracing 115,000 acres. The
consideration is about $350,000. This tract
was purchased from the Texas Land and
Cattle Company. It Is said that Mrs.
Ding owns more acres of land and more
head of livestock than any woman in the
world.
Swamp Fire Endangers a Town.
HELENA, Mont., Nov. 12.— A swamp fire
near Ovanda, a small town west of
Helena, is endangering the town. The fire
has been burning about a week. It is
burning with such persistency that it is
believed to be underlaid with coal oil,
which has become ignited. "Water has been
turned into the swamp with little effect on
the flames. A report from Ovanda says If
the wind turns and blows the lire toward
the town it is doomed.
Fire Sweeps Away I>welling*.
PARSONS, W. Va., Nov. 12.— Fire at
Thomas, in this county, to-day destroyed
sixty-two buildings and left over 100 fami
lies 'homeless. The postofflce, many stores
and thirty houses belonging to the Davis
Coal Company are in ruins. The loss is
estimated at from $150,000 to $200,000. One
life is reported lost.
o
Storm Prevents Launch of Warship.
• LONDON, Nov.' 12.— Th« . armored
cruiser .'¦ Monmouth ¦'. was to : have been
launched on the Clyde to-day, but the
storm, obliged a postponement of the cere
mony. This Is the first time in history
that - the : launch ,of a : warship has been
postponed on the Clyde* y: 7 '~< ft -~. \
DR. KTXJCEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOD GET DP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Do You Have Rheumatism? Have You
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove what SWAMP=R(M)T, the Great Kidney and Bladder
Remedy, will do for YOU, all oar Readers May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ach£ ln the back Is unmis-
takable evidence of kidney trouble. It is
nature's timely warning to show you that
the track of health is not clear.
If these danger signals are unheede-i
more serious results are sure to follow;
Bright's disease, which is the worst form
of kidney trouole, may steal upon you.
The mild and the extraordinary effec
of the "world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy, Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. A trial will
convince any one— and you may have a
sample bottle for the asking.
Lame back is only one symptom of kid-
ney trouble — one of many. Other symp-
toms showing that you need Swamp-Hoot
are, obliged to pass water often during
the day and to get up many times at
night, inability to hold your urine, smart-
ing or irritation in passing, brickdust or
sediment in the urine, catarrh of tha
bladder, uric acid, constant headache, diz
ziness, sleeplessness, nervousness, irregu-
lar heart-beating, rheumatism, bloating,
irritability, worr out feeling, lack of am-
bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours forms a sediment or set-
CARNEGIE INCREASES
HIS PITTSBURG DONATION
Adds Two Million Dollars to His
Original Offer for a Polytech
nical School.
PITTSBURG, Nov. 12.— Just before the
close of an all-afternoon meeting of the
board of trustees of the Carnegie Insti
tute to-day, Andrew Carnegie surprised
and delighted the members present by
the announcement that he had decidcl
to increase by $2,000,000 his already large
donations. Carnegie said he would in
crease his original offer to endow a poly
technical school from $1,000,000 to $2,000.
00, provided the city of Pittsburg
donate a site. His origiqal proposition
was to furnish money for the erection
and equipment of a polytechnical school
at whatever cost the board of trustees
agreed upon and to start it with an en
dowment of $1,000,000. This endowment ho
to-day raised to $2,000,000. Because of the
rapid growth of the institute which com
prises the art. music and literary de
partments, Carnegie said he would in
crease its endowment from $1,000,000 to
$2,000,000.
The board of trustees adopted plans for
the new school and selected a site for the
buildings. The buildings will be modele.l
after the Worcester technical school anJ
the site, comprising eleven acres, lie-s
just west of the Carnegie library build
ing and extending along Forbes avenue
to Boquet street. The city has already
optioned this property from Mrs. Mary
Schneley and it is believed that the erec
tion of the school buildings will begin in
a short time.
VETERANS^
JSaW i^^^J> of '6i are in the city in large
M fsli££i&£&s§§of sS=L <j|l numbers, with headquarters at
I MtfISSBBSr iiisS ¦^fckt 517 Market street - No, these
» ffifflj jffft gSsji|aß^^^ old fighters are not men, but
1 J&lillPj/ iiliiliisSl^ guns> and they are being sold
1 /Mng^^?y as relics to the people of San
l^^KSii O*xMVLV&& 'Francisco. There are thou-
i^^^j kMJ^SW sands of them now for you to
1 iMM& ~'~ J*h hSU I choose from, but the supply is «¦
1 Ws£m Mr I'll limited to these, so 'that you :
1 wMwk J»<g^P^iflP must come quickly — to-day, if
\J^—*Qk ?rff*~^Mfßf-l possible— in order to get fust
I^Nii^^^Bjlßfe^ Remember, these are the
I g^ j^&i!wim£f*sm3pt£m~ '- ast reminders of the dark
g<^^^^^^^^^^^^^fc, days of the Civil War, and in
B r:^^^" — -^ »^r_-^^g^nr>-^^=~-i--.^_ a few years their value will be
¦ — ¦ — -' •-"' "^" - "•22- -~~ ¦ ' — much greater than it now.
¦ . / ¦' • ' Speculators . realize this and
¦ are buying them in large quantities. Don't wait till they have them all,
I but come now and get the bargains yourself. ¦¦..¦¦'.
I ¦ ; As RELICS and for PURPOSES of DECORATION ' these . gun*
¦ are especially valuable, and this is your only chance to secure U. S.
I RIFLES, CARBINES and REVOLVERS for almost nothing.
I Think of getting a genuine $18 MAYNARD RIFLE, with 20 car-
¦ tridges thrown in, for $1.75. That's our price. •
P Besides their historical value these "guns can all be used tor Hunting,
I Sporting, Target Shooting or Home Defense. All are in perfect condition.
1 TAT <i TTTPIT ¦
I VY • O. JViIiJV,
I 517 Market Street, San Francisco.
i tling, or has a cloudy appearance, it i*
' evidence that, your kidneys and bladder
[ need immediate attention.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford nat-
| ural help to nature, for Swamp-Root U
j the most perfect healer and gentle aid t >
! the kidneys that is known to medical
! science.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
, Dr. Kilmer, the eminent kidney and blad-
: der specialist. Hospitals use it with won-
derful success in both slight and severs)
: cases. Doctors recommend ft to their pa-
tients and use it in their own families, be-
cause they^recjgnize in Swamp-Root the
i greatest and most successful remedy.
If you have the slightest symptom of
kidney or bladder trouble, or if there is
! a trace of it in your family history, seni
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamtoi.,
X. V., who will gladly send you free by
mail, immediately, without cost to you. a
, sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
of wonderful Swamp-Root testimonials
Jse sure to aay that you read this gener-
ous offer in the San Francisco Dally CalL
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 size
bottles at drugstores. Don't make any
mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-
Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and|thj
¦ address, Binghamton. X. T.
THREE MASKED ROBBERS
ARE FRIGHTENED AWAY
Enter a Store in Jackson Gate, but
Fail to Get the Gold on
Hand.
JACKSON, Nov. 12.— A bold attempt at
robbery was made at 9 o'clock last night
in Chichizola's general merchandise store
in Jackson Gate, one mile from Jackson.
Two men with heads enveloped in masks
entered, revolvers in hand, and command
ed Alfred HaverstJck. a cjprk. to hold up
his hands. Haverstick believed some one
was playing a joke but the command was
repeated in more peremptory terms and
the clerk obeyed.
C. Cuneo. driver of a delivery wagon,
was in the store. Unnoticed by the rob
bers he slipped out the back door. Hear
ing the noise made by him in opening the
door a*d evidently fearing that an alarm
was about to be given, the intruders fled.
A third man was posted on the outside
while the two were inside.
To-day was pay day at the Onelda
mine and Chichizola had a large sum of
coin on hand with which to cash the
checks of the miners. There was $3000 In
the safe and $200 in the till at the tim«
the robbers appeared.
Killed During a Windstorm.
GREAT FALLS. Mont.. Nov. 12.— F*r«d
Maxwell, aged 7 years, was killed at Nei
hart, this county, during the windstorm
last night. The wind lifted a stretch of
new sidewalk built on a side hill and top
pled it over on the boy. crushing him so
that he died an hour after the accident.
34
BOXERS MUST PROTECT THEMSELVES IN THE CLINCHES
WILL BE THE GIST OF REFEREE CORBETT'S INSTRUCTION
PETALUMA GREYHOUNDS SHOW SPEED
AT THE INTERSTATE CLUB MEETING
PETALUMA, Nov. 12.— The Inter
state Coursing Club opened its
annual plains meeting here to
day under favorable conditions.
The weather was all that couli
be desired and a flattering attendance
t-howed that the people of this town will
keep their promise of making the affair a
fuccess. Save for the occasional short
courses, where the hare forgot his speed
until the dogs approached him, the cours
ing was as interesting as the big stakes
at Union Park.
The visitors are unanimous on one
point, and ihat is* that "Denny" Healey,
the local coursing enthusiast, has had
this meeting "up his sleeve" for some
time. According to their way of express
ing it, the Prince of Petaluma has had
hi? greyhounds doing their training over
the big field for many months. With
seven e-ntriee on the card Healey'6 kennel
closed the day without once having a flag
raised against it. Elista, Evangeline,
Tapioca. Fine Form, Tiburon, Sisquoc
and For Glory In turn were returned win
ners, and on each occasion the Petaluma
contingent was lined up at the pool boxes
backing the home dogs." Sisquoc was the
star performer of the string, and in his
course with Commodore Nash was the
favorite at prohibitive odds. Just before
the day's sport was finished Healey's
Champion, was quoted an even-money
choice for stake honors. The hare that
was liberated for the pair was one of the
best of the day. When Sisquoc left the
slips the wise ones from the city looked
.wise and were not slow In expressing the
•opinion that the great courser was on
edge and speedy enough for any class.
Up the field at a heart-breaking clip the
fast performer showed his training and
made a bold bid to make the course a
short one. Fast as he was he enuld not
beat the cunning of the hare, lor after
he had scored twice the hare took a spurt
and soon had fifteen yards of daylight
between him and his pursuer. Across the
field and back the dogs were taken in
trying to land the game. Sisquoc got in
and in a rapid working course final
scored the kill.
The opening course of the day. that be
tween Vandal and A. J. Martin, was run
within a few yards of the spectators and
resulted in an interesting go. Vandal had
the speed, but showed a lack of disposi
tion to do his share of work. Martin, on
the contrary, was on his mettle and dis
played considerable cleverness.
Likely winners in the second round are
A. J. Martin. Aeneas. Fannie Hughie. Ro
man Athlete, Tapioca, Fine Form, Tibu
ron, Sacramento Boy. Warship, Candela
rla. Leola, The Grafter. Torn Hurlick,
Loyal Lad, Black Flush, America, Min
nie Sankey. Chicago Boy, Sisquoc. For
Glory. Lilac. White Hat. Following are
the day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores:
H. Lynch A. J. Martin beat T. J. Cronin's
Vandal. 13-4: G. Van Bergen' g Golden -Ga'ter
beat F. B. Gerber"s Mount Ida. 3-2: D J
Healey'e Elista beat W. J. Brownings Rona
8-2: M. Ne&lcn's Aeneas beat C. C. Gris wold's
Terronette. 3-2; D. J. Healey's Evangellne
beat A. McLeod's Pure Pearl. 3-0- Y. Geary's
Fannie Hurhie beat John Hunter's Bloomfield
%-%: Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist beat "VV
Cairns' Gold Ore. 6-1; J. H. Ro-seter's Roman
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy Thit
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
toAll Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will *Tite the State Medical Institute
Th«y cured so many men who had battled
for yeare against the mental and phv^cal
Buffering of loet manhood that the Ir'<-ti
tute taa» decided to distribute free trial
package! to all who write. It is a home
treatment, and all men who suffer from
any form- of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
•strength and memory, weak back, varico
cele or emaciation of parts can now euro
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that come
from yeare of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success' in
all cases. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 328 Elektron buiiding Fort
Wayne, Ind., stating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
who are unable to leave home to bo
treated, and the free samples will enable
them to see how easy it is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Institute makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested to write
without delay.
Athlete beat A. McLeod's Blonde Beauty. 5-0;
F. A. Price's Forget beat P. .1. Reilly's Miss '
Evans. 4-1; D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat J.
Horn's Agamemnon. 4-0: J. H. Ross-eter's Royal
Ar.ne beat F. S. Price's Brutus, 21-6; D. J
Healey's Fine Form beat J. H. Rosseter's Gold
Nugget, 5-0; D. J. Healey's Tlburon beat T.
Hoods May Hempstfad, 10-3; A. R. Curtis'
Lord Beaconsfield beat J. Cane's Master Daven
pcrt, 9-7; Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold beat
J. H. Perlgo's Faraway. 14-9; D. Walsh's Sac
ramento Boy beat J. H. Rosseter's Risky At
tempt, 4-0; George Sharman's Warship beat |
H. C. Klevesahls Lily Wright. 4-2; 1,. F. Bar- ]
tels' Best Bargain beat H. Lynch? Merrimae. j
3-2; A. R. Curtis' Candelarla beat E. Geary's 1
COLLEGE FOOTBALL PLAYERS
TO REINFORCE ATHLETIC TEAMS
The football game on Thanksgiving day i
between elevens flying the colors of the i
Olympic and the Reliance athletic clubs I
will possibly be a repetition of the inter
collegiate championship game of last Sat
urday. The managers of the rival club
teams have promises from a number of
college men that they will play.
The Olympic Club team will draw its
reinforcements from Berkeley, while
Stanford men will cast in their fortunes
with Reliance. Captain Womble will
surely, play, and Masters of last year's j
team, has also promised to don football ;
armor.
"Dave" Brown goes to Palo Alto to-day
charged with the mission of securing the
assurance of some college players. Fick
ert, who has been coaching Stanford, may
play. "Babe" Burnett, Lee, Slaker and
Parker are also possibilities.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 12.—
The article in last night's issue of an I
evening paper in San Francisco, in which
it was said that Stanford was sore over
her defeat on Saturday, and in which Ho
ran. the former Lafayette guard and ex-
Stanford student, was accused of having
betrayed the signals of the cardinal
eleven to Berkeley, is the one subject of
conversation on the campus to-day.
Stanford students generally have ac
cepted the defeat as a defeat should be
received and are not making 'excuses.
Whatever the students here may think \
about a betrayal of our signals to the ]
California team, no accusation has been
made against any one by the . student
body, nor would it be made without posi
tive proof on- which to base ' an ' accusa
tion. The editorial in to-night's issue of
the Daily Palo Alto, the student organ,
seems to express in general the feeling of
the students. It reads:
Whoever wrote the article for the Evening
Post which is quoted in to-day's issue pre
sumes a good deal on the sentiment of the
Stanford student body. That organization ha»
not accused any one of betraying the signals
of its team, nor has it sought excuses to ex
plain the defeat which Us tram suffered. . It has
admitted Berkeley a fair victory; it has ac
knowledged her a superior team. For come
enthusiastic journalist or sensational corre
spondent to show such presumption is surpris
ing to the Associated Students. The body of
Stanford students arc men and women who
can suffer defeat without everlastingly finding
excuses. .
If the anonymous . author had given positive
proof of his statements we would have re
garded the matter differently. But to boldly
print grave accusations presumably supported
by our student body when the sentiment of
that association is quite different is extremely
distasteful. The Daily Palo Alto refutes the
statement and until it has proof that Berkeley
knew our signals refuses to believe she could
be so small and ¦ dishonorable as to accept
them. " ¦ • ; : ' ¦
The students centrally • are indigant
over the insult to Ccach Fickert which
anpeareu last night in an ectoria. in the
Daily Califernian, Berkeley student
daily, 'i.ie head coach was accused >£
displaying "-.n unsportsmanlike and tin •
gentlemanly spirit" after Stanford's de
feat on the gridiron. The student bod/
regards Coach Fickert's character «anil'
sportsmanship as irreproachable, and 1
does not feel that the sentiment ex
pressed by the Californian- represents
that of the University of California stu
dents. . • . .
The crack Lowell eleven will play the
TEE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
SNAPSHOTS TAKEN AT PETALU
MA DURING THE INTERSTATE
COURSING CLUB MEETING.
Ruby Sankey, 8-3: J. A. Klein's Coronado beut
A. McLeod's Royal Friend, if-o; A. R. Curtis'
Leola a bye; H. C. -Klevesahl's Onward beat
K. B. Gerber's ' Rierizl. • 6-1; iJ. Marklanas
J'b» Grafter » beat ,E. • Casserly's Dai
•: c -ht. I 6-1; George Malcolm's Aeolus beVt
W. H. Robinson' 3 Lord Freedom, 3-*
W. H. Robinson's Fre"d Freedom '• beat H.
Lynch's Clarice, 7"; E. Casserly's Tom Hur
lick beat W. C. Glasson's Tame Tralee, 7-3;
H. H. Walker's Loyal Lad beat Joe Perry's
Sweet Bells. 8-4; M. Nealon's Achilles beat J.
Mortality'! Snapper Garrison, 3-0; J. H. Ros
seter's Reyal Archer beat \V. Cairne's Imperial,
7-3: Gecrge Sharman's Black Flush beat M.
Sullivan's Toss, 17-11; J. H. Rosseter's Rustic
Arbor beat L. F. Bartels' Brother Bob, 2-0; E.
Geary's America -beat W. C. Glasson's Dew
drop, 5-3; George Sharman's St. Ives beat H.
C. Klevesahl's Lady Sears, 3-1; E. Geary's
Minnie Sankey beat M. Walsh's Thorndale. 5-4;
P. Doyle's Liberator beat F. S. Price's Tyrone
Prince, 3-0; George ShaVman's Chicago Boy
beat J. Moriarity's Kittleman. 3-1; D. J. Hea
ley's Sisquoc beat Joe Perry's Commodore
Nasli 14-1; Joseph Shea's Slim beat F. A
Cashing** Master Workman, 3-2; W. C. de B.
Lopez's Courage beat D, Wieland's Floranthe,
14-5; D. J. Healey's For Glory beat W. C. de
B Lopez's B P, 3-0; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson
beat Charle* dock's Alameda Lad, ' 3-1; H.
Lynch's Lilac beat P. Doyle's Thelma, 6-3; W.
C. Glasson's White Hat beat J. Cane's Green
hall 2-0; F. B. Gerbor's Controller beat Sterl
& Knowles' Olita, 5-3.
eleven of the Santa Clara College on ths
Sixteenth and Folsnm street grounds on
Saturday for the benefit of thf McKir
ley fund. The Santa Clara eleven out
weighs the High School eleven nearly
eight pounds to the man. but Lowell".
past speedy offensive work and stror.<
defense probably offsets this handicap.
A pretty kicking duel is promised. Cut
ter, the ex-Olympic fullback, playing now
with Santa Clara, is considered one of the
best on the coast. Meade Hamilton,
Lowell's youn? fullback, has shown re
markable judgment in his kicking this
year. His place kicks are always relia
ble. Lowells light but speedy backs,
Hamilton, Vosburgh and Middleton, an*
all hard, heavy runners, and upon the>e
and her superior team work she depends.
Santa Clara relies on line plunging an.l
kicking to win out.
The general aspect is much the same
as before the Berkeley-Stanford game. ¦
lieht. scientific eleven against a heavy
line-smashing one.
Football at Pasadena.
PASADENA. Nov. 12.— President James
Ft. H. Wagner of the Tournament ol
Roses Association has received letters
from Berkeley and Michigan which prac
tically clinch a football game between
those' two universities for New Tear's
day in this city as an afternoon feature
of the annual floral fete. Writing just
previous to the Stanford-Berkeley game.
Berkeley says: "Win or lose, we will
play In' Pasadena. " and Michigan sayp,
"Stanford-Berkeley game." The Tourna
ment Association will pay all expenses
of the visiting teams. Seven thousand
dollars to meet the expenses of the finest
Tournament of Roses yet given Is being
rapidly raised l;y subscriptions.
PORTO RICANS DECEIVED
BY FALSE PROMISES
Stone Masons Lured to Honolulu on
Promise of Being Paid
$5 a Day.
oipctino Garcia and partner, name un
known, are drifting in the Latin quarter
in a destitute condition. They are Porto
Ricans. and say that a man named Noble
represented to them in their own country
that if they went to Honolulu they would
receive $5 per day for working on the
sugar plantations. Lured by his prom
ises, they went to Honolulu and found
that wages were only $15 per month, out
of which they were required to pay for
medical attendance.
They returned to this city almost pen
niless about fifteen days ago and on last
Monday, being unable to pay their room
rent. Tvere turned out of their humble
lodgings. Interpreter Da Silva of the Chi
nese Bureau attempted to get them em
ployment at their trade as stone masons,
but not belonging to a labor union they
were not accepted. They are now wan
dering about the Latin quarter, hungry
and pennileFS.
Gift Sale for Nursery Benefit.
The San Francisco Nursery for Horae-
Ipss Children will hold a gift Bale No
vember 29, afternoon and evening, In the
maple room. Palace Hotel. Many beau
tiful articles will be put up for sale.
HARD TRAINING
IS ENDED FOR
BIG GUS RUHLIN
A Short Spin on the
Road This Morning
His Last Work.
Jeffries Continues His Exer
cise and Is in Fine
Condition.
HARRY CORBETT, who will
referee the heavyweight cham
pionship battle Friday night,
stated yesterday that he would
instruct Jeffries and Ruhlin that
they would have to protect themselves in
the clinches. He said:
"There will be no delay when the men
enter the ring. I understand the rules
thoroughly and will instruct them that
they can hit in the clinches. 1 will not,
however, permit one man to hold the
other and then punch him. Either man
may punch if his hands are free and it
behooves the contestants to protect them
selves during the infighting. They win
break when I order them to do so."
Jeffries informed his friends yesterday
that he was doing some light training, but
if the amount of work he accomplished is
taken into account the big fellow did some
heavy work. He arose at 7 o'clock and
after breakfast strolled through the
streets of Oakland. At 10 o'clock he went
to the gymnasium of the Reliance Club
and exercised for two hours. He skipped
the rope, punched the bag for twenty
minutes, pulled and hauled big Bob Arm
strong all over the ring and fought an
imaginary opponent with dumbbells. Jef
fries did not box out of consideration for
his sparring partners' feelings. Arm
strong is suffering from sore hands and
Brother Jack has a few sore spots on his
anatomy that hurt when struck by the
champion.
During the roughing it with Armstrong
the colored man tried to force Jeff's head
back with his elbow. Jim stood the
strain, but after he had finished the work
he expressed a soreness in his "Adam's
apple." in talking he gave the impression
that he had caught cold. Jim said he
simply strained his vocal chords and
would not be able to sing for a few days.
Jeffries attended the theater in the
evening and laughed over the jokes and
witticisms of the comedians. For a man
¦who has a big contract on his hands, he is
the most indifferent man in the world.
He allows Billy Delaney. his trainer, to do
the worrying. He knows he is in condi
tion to enter the ring, and having had a
number of championship battles, experi
ences no nervousness ;>s 10 the outcome
of the fight.
Jeffries said he would do some boxing
to-day. He will rest a day before the
fight and expects to go into the ring as
strong as an ox. Every one who has seen
him exercise marvels at his swiftness.
He is extremely fast on his feet and never
tires. That he is hitting with great force
was evidenced by the manner in which he
punched the bag yesterday. He ham
mered the inflated sphere for twenty min
'tes arid broke the rope by heavy smash
ing. <
RUHLIN'S TRAINING ENDS.
Will Now Store Up Vitality for the
Big Fight.
Gus Ruhlin has practically finished his
long siege of training. A little sprint on
the road this morning to round him off
and Gus can then rest easy until Friday
night. Fearful lest some accident might
befall the aspirant for championship hon
ors at the eleventh hour, iJiliy Madden
advised his protege to eliminate his after
noon work in trie gymnasium yesterday.
Instead of the usual hard fie^h-stripping
exercise at the bag and ivith the dumb
bells Gus strollfd off with George La
vigne and took a long walk. Gus was in
excellent spirits ami expressed delight
over the fact that his tedious preparatory
work Is over. Only once did he refer to
the coming tiplit. and then to remark, "I
wish the tight was over."
Ruhlin will be up early this morning,
and after eating' breakfast will start out
on hit- last spin. Madden never believes
in working a man up to the last day of
the fight. Where there Is no weight to
make Billy bplieves that a boxer should
enjoy a day of solid rest before the con
test. A boxer usually gets lidgety and
peevish on the day of the battle and
there is little chance for him to get a
good rert. Ruhliri will come off the road
about 10:30 o'clock this morning, and from
that time until Friday night he will be
kept as quiet as possible.
Billy Madden will leave the training
quarters Thursday morning and come
Into town to look' after the final details of
the big fight. Ruhlin and his trainers,
Charlie Goff and Denver Ed Martin, will
not break camp until Friday noon. They
will be driven into town by Henry
Blanken and will take up their quarters
at one of the hotels.
"You can count on me to give a good
account of myself," said Ruhlin confi
dently. "I know just what kind of a job
I have on my hands and I think I am
equal to the occasion.
"Of course they are betting long odds
against me, but betting or odds don't win
a championship battle. In every cham
pionship fight that has taken place In
this countty the champion was a top
heavy favorite. I would go into the ring
feeling that I was there to win if the bet
ting was 100 to 1 against my chances.
"I never felt like I do now in all my
life. I simply can't express the improve
ment 1 feel the last six months' work has
made In me. Th" climate out here has
agreed with me and T am trained to per
fection. You may pay for me that If the
fight lasts twenty rounds I will get the
decision, and if it ends sooner Jeffries will
be the man on the floor."
What Sporting Men Say.
Here are some expressions of opinion
from well known sporting men:
Eddie Greany— lt is no 1" to 4 betting proposi
tion: Ruhlin has a chance.
Alex Greggains — Jeffries, Inside of ten
rounds.
Jack Welsh— Jeffrie?, in from twelve to fif
teen round?.
Billy Lavigne-I think it will be a hard
fight, and will go fifteen rounds or more.
Pe. Witt Van Court— Jeffries. The length of
fight will depend upon what tactics Ruhlin fol
lows.
Joe Epringer— Ruhlin, in twelve rounds or
o'T.
Pam Thall— Jeffrlpp, in twelve rcunds or ov.er.
Tim McGrath— It's a toss of a coin. Both are
hig and (strong, making it hard to pick a win
ner.
Andy Gallagher— Jeffries, in ten to twelve
rounds.
Jlmmie Britt— Jeffrie?, inside fifteen rounds.
Garnet Ferguson— Ruhlin, fifteen or over.
Ed (Say White— Jeffries is a 1 to 20 chance.
George Slier— Jeffries. I never saw him in
better condition. The fight should be a short
and desperate one.
Fred Belasco— Nothing to it but Jeffries.
Paul Ridley— Ruhlin has a fair chance to
etay twenty rounds and win on points.
John Bellis— Jeffries, lnpide ten rounds.
Manager Kennedy of the Twentieth
Century Club telegraphed Tom Sharkey
yesterday offering him a match In De
cember with the winner of the fight on
Friday night. Dp to a late hour last
night no word had been received from, the
redoubtable sailor.
Lou Houseman, sporting editor of the
Chicago Inter Ocean, arrived here last
night to report the contest for his paper.
John Bellis of Kansas City, an admirer
of Chemplon Jeffries, arrived yesterday.
He came especially to see the big fight.
"Sandy" Gri-:wold, sporting editor of
the Omaha World-Herald, is in the city.
SUDDEN DEATH OP A GROCER— Rinaldo
Lagromarsino, a grocer, doinjr business at 538
Clement 'street, Richmond District, died sud
denly yesterday morning, presumably of nat
ural causes. The Coroner has taken charge of
the case.
BEDECK HAS HIS COLORS LOWERED
BY NANNIE NOLAN, A RANK OUTSIDER
FOREMOST among the upsets in
the heavy, holding footing at Oak
land track yesterday was the de
feat of Bedeck, a 1 to 2 favorite
for the fifth event, by Nannie No
lan, the little brown filly from St. Louis.
The distance was one mile and a six
teenth and, Winnie O'Connor aboard, the
odds-on choice evidently labored under
the impression that he could overhaul
Nannie whenever he got ready. Well
straightened for the wire, O'Connor shook
Bedeck jup and Hoar, did likewise with
the brown filly in front. By this time it
struck O'Connor he had a difficult task
on his hands, but despite air manner of
persuasive urging on his part Nannie won
out by a length. Rush Fields struggled in
a distant third, followed by Bonnie Us
sak, Morinel, Essence and Herculean, i
No other, very warm, favorites were
served at the collation, which was per
haps a ' fortunate circumstance for tho
talent. Short priced horses were not seen
at their best, as J-osie G and- The Singer
were the only favorites to be encased in
brackets. The attendance was large, with
an abundance of coin in the ring. :
Johnny Woods, on Sea Lion in the Blue
and Gold handicap at six furlongs, put
up a capital finish, leading out Diderot
a head. The | last . named three-year-old
at the commencement enjoyed .first call
in the betting, until a plunge on Sea Lion
developed large proportions, sending Cae
sar Young's mud lark to the post a 7 to
5 choice. Hoar, on Diderot, with. Frank
Kenney as close companion, cut out the
running. Squared for home, Kenney had
enough and it looked as if Hoar would
land with his mount. Woods, though, got
up at the paddock with Sea Lion and in
a furious drive won by a head, getting
a well deserved reception from the crowd.
Homestead, • the two-year-old, never cut
any figure and Icicle proved a disappoint
ment. ' . . . ..
Nine maiden two-year-olds started in
the opening scramble. Backed down to
favoritism, Josie G, a filly by Blooms
bury,., defeated the first betting choice
M.tlaspina very easily. Torila, a 20 to 1
shot, ran third.
Billy Magrane's mare Nellie Forest dis
posed of a cluster of cheap ones in the
mile selling run which followed. She was
quoted at 8 and 10 to 1. and led through
out. Billy Moore, the favorite, only
downed The Gaffir a neck for place hon
ors.
Next The Singer, another member of the
Magrane stable, romped home first in the
seven-furlong run, decided under selling
conditions. An 8 to 5 favorite, he
stumbled at the start. losing half a
dozen lengths or more. When 'roe Miller
and Imperious had grown leg weary and
began backing up the favorite experienced
no difficulty in passing them. Imperious
got the place. . ¦-
El Oriente, a Baldwin stable representa
tive, took the concluding race of the day.
As good as 6 and 8 to 1. the gelding made
all the pace, finishing four lengths before
Dunblane at . the wire. San Venado. the
favorite, could not raise a gallop in the
going.
Track Notes.
L..-V. Bell; the wealthy New York turf
man, wired General Manager Price yes
terday that his stable of horses would
leave for California to-day.
-President Williams, cabled to the French
racing authorities yesterday for the of
ficial ruling made against "Boots" Dur
nell. The latter is the owner of Lavator
and some other horses now stabled at
Oakland.
Hoar piloted Nellie Forest and Nannie
Nolan and was twice past the wire on
place horses.
Birkenruth, who rode Alas In the closing
event,- was fined 1 " $25 for ¦ rough* riding.
There came very 'near being an accident
at the first turn.
El Oriente made his paternal parent,
San Venado. look very cheap. The latter
finished next to last.
Herman Hoffman, the St. Louis book
maker, arrived \ last evening and will
weigh in to-day.
Smiling Danny Hudson will be here to
morrow.
.Eddie Kelly is booking for Frank
Lantermnn. '• '
"Tobe" Tompkins. noted as a turf
raconteur from Cape Farewell, Greenland,
to the Cape of Good Hope, and from
Sausalito, Cal.. to Portland, Me., stepped
off the overland at Oakland mole last
night..
Following are to-day's entries:
First Futurity course: selling; all age's.
2759 Duckoy 1131 .... Poppy A 37
2776 Ned Dennis 113 1 -79." St. Sever 97
2794 Searchlight 111] .... Lady Drew .... 97
2791 Uppercrust 113! 2038 Edlnborough ..US
Second race— Seven furlongs; selling; three- ¦
year-olds and upward. ¦ -...
<2Slo)Horton 110 2802 Meehanus 110
2792 Bob Palmer ... M 2770 Cane jo 101
2751 Alfred C 106 27*6 Tony Lepping..lol
2507 Flying Torpedo.loß i(2756) Impromptu 109
2562 Maresa ....lu<J 2799 Goldone .: 112
Third Futurity course: selling; all ages.
2786 Gusto ....:. .....116 2789 King Dellls .>... 118
2815 Gibraltar 116 <2794)Clarando .. 113
(2765)Vantlne 113 2754 Matt H0gan....113
<27S9)SauI of Tarsus.ll3 • ;
Fourth race— Six furlongs; handicap; two- !
year-olds.
2512 Malaspina .....95 2755 Royalty ins ;
2803 Waterscratch ..103 2801 Senator Bruce. 96
2000 Rosewar. 108 2503 Redan IDS
2627 Marelio ........ 'JO 28uS» Magi 110
Fifth race— One mile and an eighth; Tan
BAD PENNY MEDIUM OF A COUP
ON THE LOUISVILLE RACE COURSE
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Nov. 12-Bad
Penny, a three-year-old Tenny-Lizzi"
Flynn colt, owned by F. I. Schleith of
Asbury Park, trained by Bill Spirllng and
ridden by Jockey C. Murphy, in the flrar
race at Douglas Park to-day was the
medium of a big coup. Bad Penny ran a
commonplace race on Saturday, but to
day, in a superior field, won with ease.
He opened at 20 to 1 and by post time
was 6 to 1. The stewards held back the
cash until the identity of the horse was
established. Bad Penny, Trainer Spirling
and Jcckey Murphy were warned off the
track. Bets were paid. It is paid thos^
who planned the coup cleared up closs
to $26,000. Bad Penny was off seventh
hut at the three-quarters came abreast
of his field and romped home. Summary:
Flr=t race seven furlongs— Bad Penny WMi,
Dynasty jemnd. Ducassa third. Time, l:M4i
Second ra<-e. five furlongs — Chanterelle iron,
Lillian M second. Fugertha third. Time, I:WU
Third race, six furlongs— Alea and Lady i_'ur
zon ran a dead heat. Cantadas thirl. Time,
l:l(5Va In the run off Alea won. L,ady Curzcn
bled.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs. felling-
Taxman won, Saal second, Hattie Davis third.
Time. 1:09*1.
Fifth race one mile. Felling— Pharaoh won.
Salve second. Nettie Regent third. Time. 1:42.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 12.— Latonia summary:
First race, six furlongs— Ocmee won. Conun
drum second. Nina B L. third. Time, 1:20.
Second race, five and a half furlor.gs— Our
Jessie won. The Boston second, Mamie English
third. Time. I:l2V'
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth — Baronet
won Elsie Bramble second, Fairy Tale third.
Time, 1:56. - .
Fourth race, one mile— Nobleman won,
Schnellaufer eecond, J. Sloane third. Time,
I:4CH.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Hermis won. Kalo
ma second. Moderator third. Time, 1:18^.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Jim Knapp won.
Horseshoe Tobacco second, Suave third. Tim",
1:19.
CHICAGO. Nov. 12.— Lakeside summary:
First race, six and a half furlongs— Corinne
Upland won. Crescent City second. The Stew
ardess third. Time, 1:25 1-5.
Second race, six and a half furlongs— Autumn
Leaves won. Duke of Connaught second. Bragg
third. Time, 1:23 4-5.
Third race, one and an eighth miles— The Jef
ferson won. Farmer Bennett second, laabey
third. Time. 1 :39 3-5.
Fourth ra^e, one mile— Lelnep won, Lucien
Appleby second. Miracle II third. Time,
1:44 1-5.
Fifth race, cix furlnnjs— Aaron won. Bum
mer second, Braw Lad third. Time, 1:18 2-5.
Sixth race, one ana a sixteenth miles—Ban
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAITD BACETBACTC-Tuesda^^
2812. FIRST RACE-Five furlongs; maiden two-year-old fllliea: value to flrst. |325^^_-
Index. Horse and Weight. St., * _%. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op^Cl.
"27M~Josie.G lJ 22 2 11 12 \S*J. a «»— -_— ji—fgg 3 _s J
a »K;::::::::Sg 22! is "I, 4 '^T^KwSS^S *M
2788 Catheilo 109 1 31) 6 3 3 1 5 5 Burns &^Vaterhse^Ranscn « tt
2603 Knocklngs 109 8 7 2 7 2 6 1 6 1 .C. Earl & Co^ .J.. M*"**™ gj 10 J
2790 Pheny L 102 6 6 5 813 7 8 710 : Mrs. M. Grossheim-.Gisboro 6U iuo
2790 Yankee Dame 115 78! 32 8 4 8 5 «" H avey & Co....Logue -«J
2495 Lily Dale 102 9 9_ 9 9 » Llberty_Stable Treanor — ™» • *
Tlme-%. ,12%; K. :23; H ."SU^in^. Good start. Won easily. Second and third .*Jvlns
Wlnn?r. J. S. Gibson's b. f by Bloomsbury-Czarina. Winner Presses «g*^ "^J^ u &.
doubtedly improve. Malaspina cannot stretch It out very far. * a "**« Flattest 115
2813. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $3».
¦ ; ; — " " ~~ I Betting.
Index. Horse. Age, Wt. St. K. ' 4- Str. Fin. 'owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2789 Nellie Forest, 3... 100 5 2> 3 12 15 16 W. P. Magrane &Co Hoar . 8 8
2800 Billy Moore. 4 109 4 6h 2 * X* 2 n T. T. Rector . \lttatoe 5-- 7-
2701 The Gafflr, 3 100 S sv. 4 2 11 IX J. H. Sirm-aon... VV in .^«e 5 3
2774 Sunello. 4. 109 1313^42 410 M. Storn J.Matthews 3 3
2789 Bedner, 3 103 I 72 5h 5 3 58 P.Ryan ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ .....Ransch o 3--
M Frank, Woods, 4... 109 7 4h «3 6 6 •• 'Garden City Stable... .^See 8 in 2
2641 J. Boggs. 4... 109 10 86 85 73 73 J. S. .... ._.How»on 30 100
2794 Nilgar. 5.... 109 S 1%- 7 3 SI 8 1 Mrs. P. Jones & Co.. O Con 3 *
2786 Romany. 5 109 1 9 9 9 9 5 9 5 Liberty Stable AAA A - oll i? 60 60
2777 Joe Hock. 5 114 12 10 16 10 10 T. Case... -..Romero 20 100
... Sam Green. 4 109 1112 11 11 11 Frank Duffy.......... Adams 60 »0
2793 Golden. 3....... ICO I 611 12 12 12 George Webb . Waterbury 100 100
Time— :26: V 4. :52: V 1:18; mile, 1:41*. Perfect start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, W. P. Magrane's eh. f. by Forest-Nellie G. Nellie had the speed and
slipped away a- the start. Sunello hard ridden, but apparently not partial to the holding
footing. Nilgar could not untrack himself. BeUner no excuses. Scratched— benator juatcs
109. ¦ :___^^^ -^n-r^ru-u-u-^-. N^>^^
2514. THIRD RACE-Seven furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and up; value to first. 1325.
~ f~" ~~~~ ~ t »~" : j ~ ~ Betting.
Index.i Horse, Age, Wt. St. %, • =;. ?tr. / Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2791 The Singer. 4 104 5 46 46 35 12 W. P. Magrane & Co..Rnch 2 8-5
2SU [Imperious. 6 10613 2n 2n In 25 Dr. H. E. RowelL.Matthws 3 9-2
2610 The Miller, 5 10411 11 12 Zh 3 5 O. P. .. Burlingame 6" 4
2781 Rlnaldo 6 104 1 2 36 34. 420 425 William Cahill Hoar 5 4
2789 Koenig. 6 104)6 5 1 510' 5 5 5 6 A. Genefln Winslette IS 25
2805 [Einstein. 6..... 1041 4 6 6 _« 6 L. Levy See i_ 10 20
Time— :14i-/; K. :23^ : M . :32V4; % 1:1SV4; %. 1:32 H. Bad start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner. W. P. Magrane & Co.'s b g. by The Bard-Minnie Andrews. Im
perious and The Miller raced each other to a standstill and The Singer waltzed In at the.
end. Latter stumbled to his knees at start, losing several lengths. Scratched— Buck Tay
lor 101 Prejudice^ 104. I , r. r. r. ¦^~^-^ J -~ "
2515. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs: Blue and Gold handicap: all agea: value to flrat. $400.
J _ " I ~~j Betting.
Index. 'Horse, Age, Wt. St. U. %. Str. Fin. ' Owner and Jockey. I Op. Cl.
1 > ' 1 1
2811 [Sea Lion. 6..1 109' 2 31 3n 33 In Caesar Toungr J. Woods 3 7-3
2SOO Diderot. 3 '. 100 1 1 21 in ll 2 4 J. P. Atkin Hoar 6-5 2
.Frank Kenney. 3... 97 5 In 2 4 2 2 ' 310 IM. Cone Fauntleroy 30 40
... llcicle. 3 93 6 sl i 43 4n 4 1 P. Ryan Birkenruth 5 ¦
(2766) iHbmestead. 2 108 1 3 « 5 1 . I 5 G. B. Morris O'Connor 3 ?
2792 ! Blnch Sheppard, 4. 99 ; 4 4h Pulled up ... 18. A. Chllson Brodlen 20 20
2797 [Gibraltar. »¦¦ .... Uo| Left Burns & Waterhse.. Ransch 4 8
Time— K. :21%: 'i. M; %. 1:17. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Caesar
Young's b. h. by Deceiver-Sea View. Winner swerved In near the finish and Woods out
finished Hoar. Frank Kenney showed a world of speed. Icicle melted away in the
stretch. Homestead conceding too much weight. Scratched— Royalty 90, Articulate 120.
2SIC. FIFTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth: selling; 3-year-olds & up; value to l3t. 1325.
I I Bettinir
Index. I Horse and Weight. St. \J. Vi- Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2803) Nannie Nolan. 3.. 98 4 lh 13 12 11 J. Burrows Hoar 8 V)
(2791) ißedeck.i Bedeck. 3 MM] 3 1 2 1 210 215 J. Gardner O'Connor! 7-10 1-2
2810 Rush Fields. a... .1071 3 5-4 4h 3 2 35 CO. Ray Adams 20 30
(27P3) Bonnie Lisgak, 3... 9S| I 4' 3 S3 5h 4 1 Ezell & Laaarus.Birknruthl 8 13
2780 IMorinel. 6 10617 8 2 oh 610 5 1 M. Stem J. Matthews 8 10
2805 'Essence. 4 10711 2h 31 4% 615 I Burns & Watrhse.J. Woods « 7
2373 jHerculean. 4 108 6 77 7 7 |G. Summers Collis 10 30
Time— l-16. :C7: M. :26: M. :52; »;. l:mi; mile, 1:46; 1 l-16m. l:s2*i. Good start. Won first
three driving. : Winner. J. Burrows' br. f. by Kismet-Lou C. Possibly Bedeck could have
won had O'Connor started after Nannie sooner. Balance were anchored in the going.
Scratched— £ghnMcGurk9B ; Goldonelo&^^^^
-SI 7. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; value to first, $325.
I Betting.
•Index. I Horse and J Weight. St. '*• }£. . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. [ Op. Cl.
2SOO El Orlente, 3 ICO 3. 6 5 1% 13 14 E. J. Baldwin & Co.Ransmi 6 9
J6S3 . Dunblane. 4 112 6 4 121 2 1 24 W. B. Jennings & Co. Hoar « 7
2777 Lady Meddlsm. 5. .109 4¦3H . 6 5 5 2 3 n |J. W. Schorr J. Woods 8 13
2794 Alas. 4 .........103f 5 ? h th 3V, 4 4 K. C. Ahlers.... Birkenruth 15 'i
2789 iFridolln. 3 10011 3n 4 1 4h 5 2 IG. W. Scott Wlnslette 1 8 6
(2800) [Mortgage. 4 10912 11 52 612 615 I Burns & Waterhse.. Ransch 2 4
... !Com. Attorney, 4.. 1091 8 82 710 7 5 71 IP. Corrlgan....J. Matthews! 20 40
2797 iSan Venado. 6 112 7 710 810 815 820 IS. McNaughton. . .O'Connor 3 7-.-,
..•¦ ißallverso. 6 109) 9 9 9 9 9 |Lee Stout Tullett 50 100
Time— M. :26H: '•-•. "-: **• 1:19: mile, 1:47%. Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner. E. J. Baldwin & Co.'s b. g. by San Venado-Orange .Deaf. Winner much
the best. Was cut off and taken back at first turn and then ran around his field Dun
blane ran a nice race. Lady Meddlesome Is rounding Into form. Mortgage could not
negotiate the footing. Neither could San Venado. Scratched— Hoheplobe 112,
foran handicap; three-year-olds and upward.
2807 Watercure us. 27&S Obia 101
2808 Articulate 96 2804 Brutal 104
2804 The Fretter ...ll'Ol Picador 95
Sixth — One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward.
2505 Lodestar ...... IC7 2799 Castake 107
2*lo Marion Lynch. .lo7 2793 Miss Vera 103
28H Einstein IC2 810 Bangor 112
2796 Game Warden..- 94! 2800 McNamara ....Ml
2799 Pins 103 27*7 Position 109
279S Darlene ........ 94 1 2516 Rush Fields ...I>7
2811 Monda 105
Probable Winners.
First race— Edinborough. D'ickoy, Lady Drew.
Second race— lmpromptu, Horton, Goldone.
Third race— Gusto, Saul of Tarsus, Kln»
Dellis.
Fourth race— Rosewar. Royalty. Magi.
Fifth race— Watercure, Articulate, The Fret
ter.
Sixth race— Castike. Bangor. Marion Lynch.
Sale of Antrim Farm Yearlings.
The prices realized at the Antrim stock
farm sale at the Occidental Horse Ex
change last night were as follows:
Brown r\. hy Lew Weir-Sunny Smile.
H-I-H'l I II I 1 I I I I I I I I I M"M I»
ish won Bairi second, Little Elkin third.
Tim". IJI 4-r
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.-B-nnings sum
mary :
First rac». five and a half furlongs— Arotoma
won, Cord»r second. Tour third. Time, VM 3".
Second race, six furlongs— Barouche won.
Luxcasta s*or>n<l T»nagra third Time. lIS 3-5.
Third rare mile and forty yard*--Ben Battle
won Alard second, Kingstelle third. Time,
1:4?.'
Fourth race, six furlong*— O 1 Ha«f»n won,
Playlike second. Arrah Gowan third. Time.
1:13.
Fifth race mile and fifty yards -I'nderlioh
won Flaireus second. HonMn third. Time.
1:50 1-5.
Sixth race mile and HO yards— Fatalist won.
Guesswork second. Anni^ Thompson third.
Time. 1:51 1".
Eastern Horse Sales.
LEXINGTON'. Xv . Nov. 12.— At th» sale of
horses of the C. Fleiachmann estate to-day St.
Maxim, <$.'h.. 10 years old. by St. Blaise-De
liah. was bought by George H. Whitney of the
Melrose stud for $2125.. Th» sale closed with
to-day's offerings. 149 horses having been sold
for $32,333. an average of $217 per head.
CHICAGO. Nov. 12.— A consignment of horses
from the Caton stock farm at Joliet. 111., was
the feature of the second day's sale of trotting
stock at Dexter Park Pavilion tt>-day. The
highest price of the day was $1773. paid for
Hive, a bay fll!y, by A. G. Palmeter of Berlin.
Wis. Other sales were: Glenmere. h. c.. John
H. Knight, Louisville. Ky.. $1700: Gentle Lady,
br. m. . August t'ilhein. Milwaukee. $1675: Har
vest Prince, b. *.. T. W. Am, ¦ Wheaton, 111.,
$icno. ¦ ¦
COUKTYAED GRLLL WILL
BE USED PERMANENTLY
Major Kirkpatrick Plans a Handsoma
Exterior Resort for Use on
Gala Occasions.
Major Kirkpatrick of the Palace Hotel
announced last night that the peristyle
of the courtyard of the building will be
permanently used for dinners and suppers
on gala occasions, owing to the present
success attending the gatherings at night
after the grand opera.
The temporary screen of curtains sus
pended on brass rods will he replaced by
handsome screens of ornamental brass
work and solid plate glass, effectually
protecting guests from winds and
draughts caused when the doors from the
streets are opened to allow carriages to
enter the courtyard.
$50 -» F -.-£ 1 ou!ri: eh " °- by Herald-Blondi
nette. $100. C. Murray: b. c. by Reggie-
Why Not, $325. R. Tozer: br. f. by Herald-
Ona, JbO, C. Murray: br. c. by Herald-
Amanda. $400. S. McNaughton: br c by
I^w Weir-Reselta. $70. Captain T. Thomp
son: b. f. by Herald-Belle Platte. $2*>n §
McNaughton: br. c. by Lew Weir-Pla -
Toy, SROO. S. McXaughton: blk. c. by Lew
Weir-Jennie Deane. $190, C. Murray b c
by Herald-Alcyone. »80, Montana Stable :
fi" m k Re Sgie-Eileena. $200. W. L. gtan-1
field: br. c. by Lew Weir-Brook. $205, W
P. Mwane; eh. g. by Reggie-Victoria;
2* X,. F #, rrar: b - <¦¦ b y HeraJd-Jennie X
Sb.o. T. Flannery; eh. f. by Rio Bravo-
Bonita R. $65. E. L. Gregory; br f br
Rio Bravo-Josie D. $70, Montana Stable
br. f. by Lew Weir-Maintop. 175 F Far
rar; br. f. by Lew Weir-Idaho, $100, T.
Flannery; br. f. by Lew Weir-Rill, $155
C Murray: b. c. by Rio Bravo-My Badgel
•825, A. Josephs; blk. f. by Lew Wei-I
Tyrona, $mo. Montana Stable.
AtSßT^lvS?* com * thar,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trial
Treatment
Free.
Haipruner's Wonderful Medicine is
curing hundreds of cases of rheuma-
tism catarrh, sore throat, bronchitis,
olood and skin diseases.
People who have suffered for year*
have taken Halpruners and found the
rehet they needed. Many of these suf-
terers have expended hundreds of dol-
lars wnhout avail, and one bottle of
Halpruners has cured them.
Dr. Halpruner is giving sufferers
trial treatment free every afternoon ex-
cept Saturdays and Sundays, at his o-
fice, 28 California street, "between the
hours of 2 and 5 o'clock p. m. Dr. Hal-
pruner is doinj? this absolutely free—
-imply to prove the value of his wonder-
ful medicine. If you are sick and d-s-
couraged call on Dr. Halpruner— there
is no charge at all. He will recommend
a course of treatment and diet
All druggist* sell Halpruner**—
and $1 a bottle— the dollar size contains
three fmes the quantity of the small
Don't let any one talk yon out of buy-
ing HalprunerV for it is a medicine of
remarkable merit and will cure yo
qmck time.
/Iblpruner's
"For several years I was troubled with
my stomach and suffered a great deal
from dyspepsia. l spent conslderabfi
money with doctors trying to get cured
but was unsuccessful. I believethat my
stomach trouble was responsible for pleu-
risy m my right side and for rheSmatio
pains in my legs and feet. The first re-.
lief that I received was from taking -Dr.
Halpruner' Pain Remover." a" mw
iT^wti' b ? c *°, me it required^,
eight bottlas of the medicine to cure me r
but I am now enjoying the best of health
nowp^ trlb ? te x, U , entlr « ly *° t"e curative
powers of Halptunera Pain Remover.
Yours truly. ¦ w . B . FITCH.
Bay Station, Alameda. CaL"PRESIDENT WILL RECOMMEND
THE PROMPT RE-ENACTMENT OF
THE CHINESE EXCLUSION ACT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.—
After to-day's Cabinet meeting it was announced
that the President in his message to Congress will
recommend the re-enactment of the Chinese exclu
act. This act expires on May 5 next, and unless it is re
;cd the bars will be down and Chinese can come into the
United States with all the ease that marks European immi
gration.
Labor leaders have taken alarm and have been passing
resolutions in favor of prompt action by Congress.
T. V. Powderly, Commissioner of Immigration, said to
day thai in anticipation of Congress neglecting to re-enact
the law. steamship companies plying between China and San
Francisco were making arrangements to handle the tens of
thousands of Chinese that would come in. He stated that
he knew of other lines that were being organized for the
same purpose.
Powderly has recommended that there be no delay in the
action of Congress.
WILL WAGE WAR
ON SOCIALISTS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Nov. 12— Labor unions gov
erned by the principles outlined in the
encyclical letters of Pope Leo XIII on
labor are to be organized in the different
Roman Catholic parishes- throughout Chi
cago and the Slate. For the purpose of
most effectively fighting and impeding
socialistic movements in labor circles and
.ution of auestions between
y abor and capital by peaceful means under
' he g-uidanoe of the church a general
Catholic labor movement was to-day
s tarted at a conference of Catholic clergy
and laymen of different nationalities, held
at the office of Theodore B. Thiele, chair
man of the vigilance committee of the
Federation of German Catholic Societies
<:f Illir
Priests and prominent Roman Catholic
laymen of this city and other places
.-¦ate have for several
¦ p upon the new plan
The preparations
ntfl to-day, when the
- held. It is principally
tack u()< • ¦: and it will con
• cure the concentrated
all Roman Catholics throughout
-rate in fighting the evil.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Stomachs That
Won't Work,
That Retain the Fcod and Refuss to Digest
It. Make the He. a Heavy and the
Nerves Weak. Niel Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
There i? a cure for dyspepsia. Suffer-
er? who have tried noxious nostrums will
probably by skeptical, but skepticism van-
ishes when Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
BOBH^HL Iff i
tried. Whether the trouble is dyspepsia of
long standing, or merely a simple case of
Indigestion, relief is prompt- and pro-
nounced. The less the trouble the fewer
tablets need be taken.
Heaviness after eating, sour stomach,
as indicated by belching, fatigue with
slight exertion or with no exertion at all;
disturbed sleep, nervousness, constipation,
depression, "blues," these things can com-
monly be set down as symptoms of dys-
pepsia. And dyspepsia is merely indiges-
tion in an aggravated form.
By promoting perfect digestion, Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets produce strong nerves.
restful refreshing sleep, pure blood and
good sound healthy flesh. They make the
skin clear, the eyes bright, the mind
cheerful.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a medi-
cine and more than a medicine. They di-
gest the food and make it easy of assimi-
lation and they relieve the inflamed, dis-
eased condition of the membranous lin-
irip? and the glands of the stomach and
bowels. They help the digestive organs
over the hard places and put them into a
healthy, active condition. They effect a
quick and permanent cure. You don't
have to continue taking them forever, still
it is well to have a box handy and take
onf at the first return of the trouble.
Perfectly well people are made sick by
eating too much, or unwholesome food,
but not if they take a tablet after eating.
Treatment with Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets does not necessitate dieting or any
change of habits. They digest the proper
food .-. nd act upon the other kind in such a
way as to make it pass off quickly and
harmlessly. You may eat and drink what
yof. tike, when you like, and as much as
you like if you take a tablet afterward.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
all druggists for 50 cents for full size
package.
Send to F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall,
Mich, for little book on stomach diseases,
mailed free.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlc? Lists Mailed
on Application.
4
MILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
ft. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahl*
4. Co. ifft'd. MB). 17 and 19 Fremont St.; upon
:n«allrnent or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. CO*!; AN* PI i IROX.
J- C ILSON & CO- Telephone Main \ti\
F.r.S.I AN) SALT MEATS.
r*C I, ,i.C t I KMppinc Butchers. lot
.'A • LOI C 3 'X w*- Clay Tel. Main t»«
OILS.
I-I_"IST?ICATINO OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Mala 171>.
PRINTING.
EHCC printer.
•-• ! IHJ:I CJm til Eansome St.. S. P.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
•a UttJo-juDi) CO.. <*
£2 First ttreet San Fr»ncl»«
j-(Bl> .V 1 r.ie «fi • non-pofßon^w
.v-y.-cTWfci n remedy fur Gonorrhoea,
4^fi^SP f H^Zr7^& : \ !»•**• Spormatorrhasa.
*$V CURES \d Whites, unnatural dis-
f^Wf in i w I day*, fc-j charges, or tiny inflammn-
*¦ J2T* Oaa.n.auxi to *" lion, irritation or ulcera-
fl ifPiiL.l Conxion. tion of xnncoua. men-
fct— i _ _ _ l;ranre. i>on-aBtrmeeat.
JsS|THEEnjlsCHlll!Mtfia. sold by Ora«:UU,
lMlciKMMr.cap or 6cnt iD pUIn wrapper
X&&K. C. 8. 1.. A&A by express, prepaid, for
*«v^V"O">«,^ly'Xi 11.00, or 3 bottle*, «2.T5.
>^H V^ c | Circular sent on request.
NEW MEMBERS
ARE ELECTED
The board of directors of the Chamber
of Commerce held their regular monthly
meeting yesterday. Resolutions were
passed in memory of the late Chief of
Police Sullivan and commending his ef
ficient service. It was decided to petition
Congress to pass a law adopting the
metric system for weights and measures.
Captain Nelson presented to the chamber
a handsome oil painting of himself, for
vhich a vote of thanks was tendered.
Great exertions have been made during
the last few weeks to increase the mem
bership of the organization and the worn
has been very successful, practically all
the leading business firms in the city now
being represented.
The following named 130 firms were
elected yesterday, bringing the total mem
bership up to 611:
Swift &. Co. : James I. Taylor, agent Everett
Pulp and Paper Company; Taylor & Spotwood
Company, R. R. Thompson, Triest & Co., Yon
Rhein Real Estate Company, Vuloan Iron
Works. Charles A. Warren, L. E. White Lum
ber Company; W. H. Wells, representative of
American Tinplate Ocmpiny; Western Union
Telegraph Company: Harry R. Williar. agent
Kastern Paper Mills: H. F. Woods; Charles J.
Bus-worth, genera! agent Fidelity and Casualty
company; Murray Bros.; Martin, Dangers,
Camm & Co. : Merten & Co.. California Fruit
Evaporating Company, NeweU <t Bro., Darby
Laydon, Byron Jackson, Jesse Moore-Hunt
Ci mpany, Sol. Lewis. H. B. Mayhew & Co.,
Andrew B. UcCreery; Daniel M-Leod & Co.,
C. H. Meyer <S: Bros., Milier & Lux, Geo. M.
Mitchell & Co., Arthur W. Moore, New York
Belting and Packing Company, New Yurk Life
Insurance Company, Xew Zealand Insurance
Company. Pacific Coast Syrup Company. Pa
cific Improvement Company, Edward Pollitz &
Co. : T. E. Pope, manager Pennsylvania Fire
Insurance Company; Thos. Price & Son, Reh
nsh & Hochstadter, C. B. Rode & Co.; Rosen
thai. Feder A: Co. ; The San Francisco News
Company, Siebe Bros. & Plagemann; Joseph V.
Selby. managut Boston Woven Hose and Kub
ber Company; Chas. Sonntag &. Co., agents
United Stales Cartridge Company; Standard
Hlectric Company of California: Jno. H. Ste
vens, general agent Aetna Life Insurance Com
pany: The Alcatraz Company, John Ballard.
W. H. Martin & Co.. BoatOfl Woven Hose and
Rubber Company. E. J. Bowen; Cahn. Nickels
huri? & Co.: California Hydraulic & Supply Co..
H^nry Campe & Co.. City Street Improvement
my, Code-Portwood Canning Company,
the Cudahy I'acking Company, A. J. de l^a
mare, Frank W. Dickson (manager Royal Ex
change Association), the N. K. Fairbanks Com
pany, Frank G. Drum, Tevis estate. D. W.
Karl & Co.. thf- Equitable Life As.-^jrai.
ciety, E. A. Fargo Company, Christian Froe
lich (aeent R. D. Wooa At Co.), Oermania
Trust Company, E. H. Lestock Gregory (man
ager Pacific Agency Aetna Life Insurance Com
pany), Guittard Manufacturing Company. EL
»k Belting Company. M. C. Harrison &
Holler, Bachman & Co., Henshaw, Bulk
ley & Co.. Herzeg & Co. (agents Hamburg-
American Line i, Hickman & Masierson, H• ¦ h
Lamp Company, Brooks-Follis Electric Cor
poration, W. P. Eiehbaum, Hay wood Bros. &
Wakefield Company, Locomobile Company of
the Pacific. American Beet Sugar Company,
Hulme & Hart. Ant. Borel & Co.. Farnsworth
& Rugglt-s. Kufus P. Jennings, George E. Bil
lings, Pennell-Suydam Company, W. B. God
frey. Chrestofteraon ft Tway, F. H. Ames &
Co., Brann & Prior, California Fireworks Com
pany, the Charles Nelson Company. C. G.
Clinch & Co.. Electrical Engineering Company,
.1. Downey Harvey, William B. Isaacs, Mans
field Lovell Company, Charles C. Morse. Stock
ton Milling Company, L. D. Stone & Co., E.
E. Drake, Louis Taussig & Co.. H. D. Crocker
any, the Linen Thread Company, C. A.
Haieht. J. W. Allyne, Healy. Tibbits & Co.,
H. Huddleston & Co., A. Fleishhacker & Co.,
Pacific Metal Works, the Gutta Percha and
Rubber Manufacturing Company, Electric Rail
way and Manufacturers' Supply Company,
Charles F. Doe & Co.. C. H. Evans & Co..
Cahill <fc Hall Elevator Company, California
Saw Works. John Finn Metal Works Francis
Smith & Co.. Federal Salt Company, Lynde
& Hough Company. J. H. Newbauer & en..c n ..
Pioneer Soap Company, Port Costa Milling
any. Continental Building and Loan As
sociation, George Btorn Fife, H. G. Wickson
& Co. (dairy and farm machinery), Keystone
Boiler Works. Abramson-Heunisch Company
(glass manufacturing, etc.), estate of James G.
Fair. Mack & Co. (wholesale drurgists), Ameri
can Beet Sugar Company. W. P. Eichbaum.
Trumped Up Robbery Tale.
C. F. Dean, 475 Eddy street, reported to
Policeman Clark early yesterday morninar
that he had been held up and robbed of
$40 by two women and a man near his
home a few minutes after midnight. He
gave an elaborate description of the rob
ben' and the robbers. Captain Seymour
detailed Detective Whittaker on the case,
and Dean, after being cornered, confessed
to him that he had been talking to a
woman in a doorway, and when she left
him he found she had taken two $20 gold
pieces out of his pocket and had left two
silver dollars. That was all there was
to it.
) Fels-Naftha I
The fact remains
that after the most
severe test you
can put it to,
Fels-Naptha soap
insures sweet,
white clothes with-
out any boiling.
Fels-Naptha soap
saves half the time
and half the work
as practice proves.
Guaranteed, or
money refunded.
Fe.« & Co., Philada.
Gray, Lang & Stroh (Inc.), San Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
THE EMPORIUM. .| . THE EMPORIUM.; . | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. . | THE EMPORIUM.
*£ tiering To-day /I ''\ W J - . .. >— • ' (C^ /\| Yv^r* c ember ready %
%' Half priceior 200 dozen Ladies' (~j .. /L A B4fsSn *Tmf*T*&*ff£*S £*)f SWfff*Kß / I \ .W^^V The Butteri.k Fashion Sheets £J
g Sheer Lawn Hemstitched Hand- . /) I W / //: )/ *&****& «*« *" y ff I 11 > for December now ready. A free «*
tf kerchiefs, with hand embroidered | [AJL L l -LL .: «__ *^^ . nmmmM t% ¦ >r_> *•*»_*»*» 4*» V II J opy can be obtained at the Butterick , <rt
£. initial; they were made in Ireland, A\ ¦ ?«,? \\— £/ V BASW&, SMMbSB <UrWGM^G&SS¥S £ " kJ • V P-t.ern Department, main floor, under f f
I % are n cely laundered, and should be \ I / * V •• ¦ / £7lr* \ the ladies' parlor &
•? ioc each at least: Wednes- £2f^^ \ / l\ *nk4& '• ffe £} £O) IS <£t?(O} "2? SSL _ gifr ££ IS" / i "i i °c
* day only «2** \ I / dl *&*£*&%s* Jd f *pB& B C . frfTf- :— " ?
I* ¦ 7 I / I ¦ I j Thta December Deilineatoi* &
Ift r\iu * Q^™A\A \/nl,,ae ' /I/ ) \ are pissing muster to-day for made-to-order garments on the backs of a 1/I also here. The household that cannot find J
$ • Other Splendid Values. £A\[ /V ( ,<-,,, , ,-. ¦•, j v , r k • --* II value in the Delineator must be very difficult to <*
iS 11 dozen sheer lawn Hemstitched Handker- gJ^J 0) hoSt of Well-dressed men, who have availed themselves Of the Opportunity . \\nff |( please. In addition to fashions, stories, literary J
!J- chiefs, trimmed with embroidery or fine ¦ we now offer to buy this winter's Styles and materials at about 68 C : II [/ U\ matter of all kinds, poems, etc., it runs regularly Jf
i ft? Valenciennes lace- each ...... tOO ' " ..» m mm ' rr,, , 1 r L r » 11 J . • <^A- )•> seven departments, all of them intensely practical "2
5 300 dozen all-linen Handkerchiefs, hand enT- OJt the dollar. Ihe balance of our purchase of men's and boys' *y and one P or more ' of them of interest to every J
S broidery, hemstitched, sheer quality; . per clothing, from the famous Rochester manufacturers, " Rosenberg & Co., on ' ' woman. These regular departments are: Col- £
J a dozen, 75; each .. . •¦¦ ••• 1512 M i. fl _- k • legc News, Practical Gardening, Club Women,- •£
IS 350 dozen ladies' sheer all-linen Hemstitched Sale mis week. . Girls' Interests, Social Obser-ance, Stitches and \m
h. Handkerchiefs, splendid variety of hand- , • ¦ *#¦#*» •¦- :¦" . . xt .» :• 1 • j */¦•¦• - ' - li**« *-. 1- ; Embroideries, Books. .V
J embroidered styles, also lace insertion and lace $ 2O '°° Yoke OVQrCQat— Newest materials and Styles. ............... $13.65 ,\ ' ______ %
X trimmed; each . ...... .. . 25g $zo.oo Gl*Bat Coats — 54 inches long, newest styles.. :. ........ ....'.•.... $13*65 ' -^ ¦ $ 5f
1^ 200 dozen all-linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, AT ; , _ _ _,-_ -_ a j ujru-/ ******— k2258*82/2T './ &
!j: with hand-embroidered initial, put up in half- Men s $15.00 Overcoats—^ good as can be made for that price, for. $9.35 ' Q %*arpGW . JT . %
jf dozen boxes; per box . ... .. . . 90c M n's $15.00 Suits— Cheviots, Cassimeres, -Worsteds; the latest -. 1. $10*75 •' &WB6pGrS d? %
I St. DO Wranner. Men's $12.50 Si#/te-Mad= up in best manner $8.95 $1.97 S______i»; S
«t Al mVotr Boys' $7.50 Suits anti Overcoats— for 12 to 20 years $4.85 The genuine 4l T S
t §£& 9 sic ' •• ' ¦¦¦¦'.• •¦-¦•¦•¦•• -'•' -' " ¦¦¦• • •;• __^^ Bissel's 'S^~~""*jfi&
!•? Wj , , . ¦ Standard " yi— ; !~f^S^ - I
I A H^dw^i e^ Flannel Sale To-Day. Grocery Bargains. fig *" ? "" ; ai^ |
! ffi nf r,t St"; These. are f the right sort of bargains-??. %££s££%£&» «• •. ;, ¦. •. •. -.«;g2 ! 3^^^S^'T ' "^ |
S A^T 11 /«, wf L offering of new, seasonable, cold-weather oysters-seiects; ,-ib tin., to-day, 3 tins . ... .. . . .25c on : •••--•-••- 91**7 a
X /il-tl'M to sell at JI.OO, DUt tne annHci riaht at thp hperinniner nf winfpr Salmon— Little Commodore brand; best Alaska; to-day, 3 tins . . 33c *»
£ /je/jl manufacturer cut them a gOOdS, at me Deginning OT Winter, Tomatoes _ Best standard; 3 tin 5............... 24% mm O ••-• : « .'&
J /%';;.. \ little narrow; he made us " KIP UnttCP maTKCI .VaiVCS: ¦ Singapore Pineapple— Sliced or whole; large tins; to-day .. . . tSo mOtiey-aaVing items »
£ /'/ v\ a liberal allowance, and or to-day only— Well made Eiderdown an damp's Beam-in tomato sauce; to-day, 3 '{ ns . ' J /25 , c For Housekeepers. *
* //'//,.' i'sHm , »*u **«J V *"J- VV cii iiiaUC LIUCIUUWII Maple — Woodlawn brand: pure maple; none better; to-day only. ' rr> ' j t ' . •
X iSfV;I jo-day, you can get them Flannels, in the plain colors, including QuaJ'.^f/cl^HalfgalloJs. . sdc\ Gains'. . Wo To-day you can buy your beddmg *
I WlBWm m S ' " S cream, gray, pink, blue, garnet, etc.,^^ . M bo^ c "»'«*»^ D^- Me " Malt : whiskey; ; 5J5 supplies <- from the largsBt sock - g
i C%Qf* the three-quarter Width; per yd.^ZC Port or Shtrry-Special old reserve; syears old;- the $1.50" per gallon the COaSt at; positive money-saving y
• %9&U German Eiderdown Wrapper and Waisting Style Flannels— J^i^- ' i -»'« ''' ' •'.''* 'C'Js '.: '' i' </•"« pnees. As examples .we quote:
'* . TTi -^ Instead of 1 5 c yard, on special sale to-day - -^ «OCJ--^;^^« 0C J--^;^^ ' C ° Ug i% SheetJ - A g °° d rr ° U " d b e ached for 5
i $ Ladies' Oneita ¦ ODly :................;...... .; (I||l^^^S^^^?^[i§i^i#lSS! s * l^^ 3^irj g
£ GomMnatiOn Sufis. White Flannels— The well-known Ballard Vale fine wool r4 per gallon .. ; .¦:.::.¦.. . ... .'. .1 ..; . . $1.95 Sheets— The' same' reliable quality', for doubl'
ft Heavy fleece-lined Cotton, cream and natural White F.annels; 313 1 inches wide; for skirts, underwear,, Super.or Sauternc-Very Select; quarts, Up; case of one dozen . }^_ Mtj bleached, width 8. §
£ color; suit ........ ..5 JC infants' wear, etc., the 50c value; to-day ****—> Domestic Stout— Soecial brew dozen " * '•'".'-* * ' *I%* inches, each .... **» C X
I $^SM§j§§Zs y ,d.. yard............. ; 3®G gS^,»^^oS^ o^:^ .: I .%?,% s tr£hif£V,W m io " bb e' e I
!*£ One-half Australian Wool, cream and natural ' ' " ~. \ • • .---.» .- ¦ ¦ '¦ ' I T~- ~~ '¦ ~" bleached, yard . .... . ... »OC it
ft color; suit $125 A Sale of I ASF-Woo! Tricot To- $2.25 Hat. $1.75. Whit « Bemads -The *&-**** «* "3
X Two-thirds Australian Wool, cream and natural _ »*» __ __' ' __ - m • , ;¦."_, T-u-^nu width ones, marked to sell— instead __ 'Z
| color; suit $1,75 Cups and Saucers. Day, 44-c Yard. ' -'r^S^^Stcfr crown aS ofthc ? rice ' ?l - 2 s cach - • floe :j
• pr-fra esj— i a a»fM##« M r These P rett y Cu ps This chance m for_ Wednesday only, and we (^5??t a --^^ :^P stitched crown and *>
•k LI BL m -j f Sm.Mnttmm^a T prCtty CupS Th ' S chance is for Wednesday only, and we s^^ffirW brim, large feather
ST W fe; 4J'-;' mmi£U*MSs™y KZz~- T^t^ and Saucers are made | have only a limited quantity to sell at the gbgj^j-^lu^ ponpon- one of the /*A/>A^lftf Cir»rf«
¦J kHH-'H'-i' D 9Q« _^EEsfc°§v/) of very fine, thin egg- price; it is that most desirable fabric for waists, JlMp ilMj^ prettiest and most UOGOanUtZOap «
£" nH*? ; fii ***!** Mi Sim. CY^F ~v>- "^^J shell Chlna ' W ' th a . dressing sacques and children's dresses, 44-inch «|B^ stylish hats received O/f StSSCMSI Si&iO. W
191 I raH / I 'ffl» -- „ — *"^-^7 delicate gold tracing all-wool Tricot, and in this lot there are ffl ?, -Sf this season- rc^nlarlv wm«w« fc »
it V' I !'¦ I*» We are going to sell a r^^ and a graceful wreath twelve of the most popular fall and winter \-«. % . "¦• «2« 2 2-•2 -• special to-day A pUrely regetable J^
ft '8 // % thousand Laundry Bags to- o ffl owers . Our regular low price J4. 20 per shades; this is a particularly attractive value \-^\ and Thursday only S ° ap ' made ¦••from [ * •'~\ If
l«f '2S •'¦ SL-r day at less than the cost of dozen; a rare bargain at the sale -^ __ at to-day's special price, per 'yard . - _ . fS>f. *>m mmmL purecocoanut oil, /VVoii, 1?
* materla! - The are ¦ pr ice to-day; iet of 6. .. $1.33 ....... ..... ..' . 44C ml s m that gives a free and VS!™) *
'X ' vMjt \ym \ made °* heavy sateens and . • . • ._ ; ¦ •• ¦¦ _j easy lather; a splen- /"^-^^r^x %{
S ( *tm IHB : denims, with heavy cord and ' . ;  - . ¦ . did soap .for sham- /^r- J\'~^^\ **
\h- i^ ):N 8» 1 tassel draw strings, the word A Fi**O Causes D r>Jay. Bgmmmwp __ Rig R!^_*V _<_ «_|_ M |f 15 ° CnetCtineS, lOC. pooing and especially &mßlffiaT§fiA?] &'
I& a 'iT'^j " : ! "Laundry" prettily worked Our Holiday Booklets advertised to gtj j_pj|| KB" B* lw» fivl H BL9 MI Q Bn^B A fine quality full yard-wide Cretonne, adapted for hard .'"'/- <S>-V J,'
;&* [ ' -BH MEL :on one side, and wide 4-inch be ready November 12 and 15, cannot |1 §1 _Lg |^ UVM M B|l fj pwKiro in a beautiful line of colors and pat- water; made up in J-*-~^tz^ **»
*? hems at top. Actual size of these bags be mai) ' ed t0 the addresses already re- 9 HP^^ (^lifori\J2>:a Latest -"* Mm terns suited for all manner of drape .old-fashioned ball [~~f~ J\ £ J
%Z 22x36 inches, would be cheap in the regular " J PP AlTVCricala ora>.rvdCst Store. ;T ™ purposes; worth in the regular way 15c form; to-day at half \%gkA Sfl^iPjlnJM) **
% way at 50c each; to-day and to-day __ ceived until Saturday, November 16. „ _ MADKFTST SF the yard; is marked for _ its real *%^ \^'W Wi/
I* only, each. ......... 23 G Free for the asking when ready. O^t> IU Ot>i> MA!it\C I Dl. O. T. Wednesday only .. . . ffJC Talue, ball &C V^^^^/ g
'&" "X- ' ' o 'a ' ' « « - * " " 1^
SENT TO JAIL
FOR CONTEMPT
Chicago Judge Punishes
Employes of Chicago
American.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— 0n a charge of
contempt of court, Judge Hanecy to-day
sentenced Andrew M. Lawrence, manag
ing editor of Hearst's Chicago American,
to forty days in the County Jail. The
sentence of H. S. Canfield, who wrote the
article objectionable to the court, was
fixed at thirty days in jail. The cases
against S. S. Carvalho, financial manager
of the paper, and John C. Hammond, as
sistant city editor, were dismissed. Judge
Hanecy declared that the cases against
W. R. Hearst, majority stockholder of
the paper; Homer Davenport, cartoonist,
and Clare Briggs, also cartoonist, would
pend until sucn time as these respondents
could be brought into court by the
Sheriff.
Former Governor Altgeld, one of coun
sel for the respondents, entered a formal
exception to the decision.
"This case, I may say," the court re
marked, "is not appealable. You may
file a bill of exceptions for a writ of error,
however. I am willing to delay the serv
ing of the papers on Lawrence and Can
field until you have drawn up your bill."
"We do not feel that we have any fa
vors coming from this court," Altgeld an
swered. "We are much obliged."
The courtroom was crowded to the
limit when Judge Hanecy read the de
cision.
The article in the American upon which
the proceedings in contempt were based
was a criticism of the court's decision on
an application for the forfeiture of the
charter of the People's Gas Light and
Coke Company.
Judge Hanecy said if the matter pub
lished were allowed to go unnoticed by
the court it paved the way for other at
tacks, and that the judiciary, if not held
in respect, would fall, with all democratic
government. The article, the court de
clared, was not merely an attack on the
people and on the court, but a bold
threat to every court. It should, there
fore, not go unpunished.
A few minutes after the rendering of
the decision and the imposition of the sen
tences as to Lawrence and Canfield, Judge
Dunne, upon application, issued a writ of
habeas corpus to them, returnable imme
diately.
When Canfield and Lawrence appeared
before Judge Hanecy this afternoon
ready for commitment to the County
Jail, the court announced that inasmuch
as he understood Judge Dunne had issued
a writ of habeas corpus, before the men
were sentenced he would take no action
in the matter until that writ had been
vacated. It was decided, however, to
hold the writ in abeyance until the com
mitment papers have been made out and
the men delivered into the custody of the
Sheriff. This will probably be done on
Friday morning.
SHANGHAIED IN SEATTLE
BY A SCHOONER'S CREW
EVERETT, "Wash., Nov. 12.— Tom Sercy,
an Everett youth, has been shanghaied
in Seattle by the crew of a lumber
schooner bound for South Africa. The
tidings reached the boy's mother to-day
in a letter which the lad was permitted
to write before the departure of the ship.
Young Sercy claims that he wts drugged
with liquor and carried aboard.
Certificates for Teachers.
The Board of Examination yesterday
recommended the issuance to the follow
ing named of teachers' certificates by tho
Board of Education:
High School certificate— Miss Edith Forbes
Browninr.
Grammar School certificate— Miss Sara H.
Allen, Miss Acnes Eleanor O'Connell, Miss
Fleanor G. O'Connell and Miss M. E. O'Don
nell.
Recommended to the State Board of Educa
tion for a High School life diploma— Mrs. M.
M. Fitz Gerald.
Recommended to the State Board of Educa
tion for Grammar School life diplomas— Miss
Dora A. Fallon, Miss May Soule, Miss Lalia
S. Richards and Miss Magdalen Hetzer.
FRUIT GROWERS
WILL CONVENE
Important Meetings to
Be Held Here in
December.
The twenty-sixth convention of the fruit
growers of California will convene in Pio
neer Hall, this city, on Tuesday, Novem
ber 3, and continue in session four days.
The convention will be held under the
auspices of the State Board of Horticul
ture.
Many subjects of importance to the
fruit industry of California will be dis
cussed. The Southern Pacific and Santa
Fe companies have decided to issue tick
ets at greatly reduced rates to non-resi
dents who desire to attend the conven
tion. The programme is given herewith
in full:
Tuesday, December 3, 9:30 a. m.— Organization
of the convention; address of welcome by Hon.
James D. Phelan, Mayor of San Francisco; an
nual address by Hon. Ellwood Cooper, presi
dent; observations made at the Pan-American
Exposition, by Hon. William H. Mills of San-
Francisco; appointment of committees, rou
tine business, etc.
Tuesday atternoon, 1:30 p. m. — Distribution,
transportation, marketing fruits and fruit
products; report of the California Growers' and
Shippers' Association, by H. Weinstock; "Dis
tribution of Fruits," by A. H. Naftzger of Los
Angeles, president and general manager of the
Southern California Citrus Fruit Exchcange;
"Outlook for the Prune Industry." by William
H. Aiken; "Future Trade Possibilities in
Canned and Dried Fruits." by Isidor Jacobs;
"The Deciduous Fruit Outlook in the San
Joaquin Valley," by I. H. Thomas.
Wednesday. December 4, 9:30 a. m. — Organiza
tion and co-operation; "The Cured Fruit Asso
ciation and What It Has Accomplished," by T.
N. Woods; "Work of the California Fresh
Fruit Exchange," by A. R. Sprague; "The
Raisin Industry"; "The Wine Industry. Its
Future, etc.," by W. J. Hotchkiss; discussion.
Wednesday afternoon. 1:30 o'clock— Report of
the permanent committee on transportation;
continuation of the discussion on distribution
and the co-operative systems now operating;
railroad facilities, etc.
Thursday December 5. 9:30 a. m. — "Advance
ment of Women in Agricultural Pursuits," by
Mrs. Emma Shatter Howard. The morning to
be devoted to the ladles for talks and essays
on horticulture and floriculture.
Thursday afternoon, 1:30 o'clock—"lmpor
tance of the Work of the State Board of Hor
ticulture," by President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
of the University of California; "Selection,
Natural and Artificial." by President David
Starr Jordan of Iceland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity; "Report of the Committee on the Olive
Prospect," by General N. P. Chipman; "The
Evils of Present Methods In Selling the Olive
and the Remedy," by C. A. Washburn of Los
Angeles.
Thursday evening, 7:30 o'clock— "The Fig,"
by Dr Gustav Eisen; "The Orange in Southern
California," by J. W. Jeffery; "The Oranpe in
Northern California," by D. H. Murry; "The
Almond." by Hon. Alden Anderson: "The Wal
nut. Its Future. Etc.," by F. E. Kellogg; dis
cussion.
Friday. December 6, 9:30 a. m. — "County
Horticultural Boards, and What They Have
Accomplished." by H. P. Stabler: "Scale In
sects and Their Parasites," by Edward M.
Ehrhorn; "The White Flies of California,"
by Professor C. W. Woodworth; "What Cali
fornia Has Done for California," by Alexander
Craw; discussion.
Friday afternoon, 1:30 p. m.— "Food Adultera
tion," by Professor M. E. Jaffa; "The Oceanic
Canal," by Edward Berwick; "Essay on Birds,
in Their Relation to Agriculture and Horticul
ture," by W. O. Emerson.
Row in a Synagogue.
The case of E. Coqueska, charged with
battery upon S. Bercowitz in the syna
gogue, 939 Howard street, Saturday morn
ing, was dismissed by Judge Fritz yester
day. It was shown that Coqueska was
one of a committee of five appointed to
look after the arrangements for a celebra
tion in the synagogue, and when he went
there he found another man had been
substituted for him. He became, angry
and Bercowitz interfered, when, Coqueska
says, he shoved him away, but Bercowitz
declared he was struck twice on the nose.
ASPHYXIATED MEN IDENTIFIED.— The
bodies of the two men who were asphyxiated
last Sunday night in the New Pyrenee Housu
at 1314 Stockton street, were identified in the
Morgue yesterday as those of Juan Blaz and
Mariano Gulchoche, sailors, and natives of the
island of Guam.
PRISONERS GET
A GUARD DRUNK
John Adams, Soldier,
Goes on Spree With
Charges.
John Adams, a soldier in the Ninety
third Artillery, stationed at the Presidio,
was detailed yesterday to guard two
military prisoners while the latter work
ed near the military reservation. The
prisoners late in the afternoon succeeded
in inducing Adams to accompany them
to a saloon to get a drink. Adams took
more drinks than one, however, and as
the intoxicants exhilarated him he for
got his commission, in so far as he
granted the men permission to accom
pany him downtown to spend the even
ing in revel on the Barbary Coast. When
Police Officers Brady and Ottson came
upon the party one of the prisoners, Wil
liam Cruezay, had made his escape, and
the other prisoner, John Percell, was
telling a mob of spectators that Adams
was the best man on earth, and Adams
himself was brandishing his six-shooter
in a manner not compatible with law
and order.
Special Policeman George Downey saw
the three men as they passed up Jackson
street to the corner of Bartlett alley.
At that point Cruezay ran up in the
direction of Stockton street, and his com
panions did not miss him for several
minutes. Adams became furious when
he found that his charge, whom he had
treated with such consideration, had
taken advantage of him, and. drawing his
revolver, threatened to send a volley of
bullets after him. Percell was trying to
quell Adams' resentment of his fellow
prisoner's conduct by telling the crowd
what a good fellow the guard was.
Officers Ottson and Brady arrested both
men for drunkenness, and when the
story of their adventure became known
Sergeant Donovan and Officer John Ma
loney placed a charge of desertion
against Adams. Cruezay has not yet
been captured.
WOMEN'S EDUCATIONAL -
UNION HOLDS MEETING
Officers Are Elected for the Ensuing
Year and a Reception Is
Enjoyed.
The "Women's Educational and Indus
trial Union held its thirteenth annual
meeting at its rooms, 7 Van Ness avenue,
yesterday and elected the following offi
cers for the ensuing year:
Mme. Louise A. Sorbier, president; Mrs.
Paris Kllburn, Mrs. Nellie Blessine Eyster,
Mrs. P. D. Hale, vice presidents; Mrs. H. I.
Haher, treasurer; Miss Angela Sullivan, cor
responding secretary; Miss Celia Perkins, re
cording secretary. Associated directors — Mrs.
Margaret Deane, Mrs. Dr. Cachot, Mrs. Louis
Glass, Mrs. Joseph Spear, Mrs. W. M. Searby,
Mrs. J. F. Berlim, Mrs. Braverman, Mrs. H.
T. Berliner, Mrs. J. M. Dixon. Mrs. F. Frank
lin, Mrs. F. Hunt, Mrs. F. Hutchlnson, Mrs.
M. Wheeland, Mrs. K. E. "White, Mrs. John
Mitchell.
A reception and entertainment followed
the meeting.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO CURE DANDRUFF.
It Is Necessary That the Dandruff
Germ Be Eradicated.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." Kill the germ that causes dan-
druff, falling hair and baldness, you will
have no more dandruff and your hair
must grow luxuriantly. Herpicide not
only contains the dandruff germ destroy-
er "but it is also a most delightful hair
dressing for regular toilet use. No other
hair preparation is on this scientific ba-
sis of destroying the dandruff germ, and
none other claims to be, for the simple
reason that it is only recently that a de-
stroyer of the germ has been discovered
— Newbro's Herpicide, the only hair prep-
aration that actually kills dandruff.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Imnyon's~
. . . . - ¦ .." i - ¦ ¦
DYSPEPSIA
CURE
When Prof. Munyon says his Dyspepsia Car*
will cure indigestion and all forms of stomach
trouble he simply tells the truth. It will cure a
stomach that has been abused by over-eating and
over-drinking. It will cure a stomach that has
been weakened by old-style drugs. It will do much
toward making an old stomach act like a sound one.
At all druggists, 25 cents. Fifty-six other cures.
Mur.yn, New York and Philadelphia.
MOYO.VS IXHILEB CUBES CATABRH.
§VIM. VIGOR. VITALITY tor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over flrty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse.dissipation. excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame BacK,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Untitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mv Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ncr *"> t M vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are p^.JZL immediate. Im-
part vigor a.nd pote ***** * » ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box: 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 53
and "40 Third st.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A £5 1051 mssT - - *«•• earn, S.P.CJ!. A
\ Of - The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
f .. rB~ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
X. «5 SW * sea » e po»»««»«"«y cored n y the oldest T
• I*s §3 1 Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. " Q
iU'j&j&h OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN d
\ fwltvl Consultation free and strictly private. \
g U As"Qtn T"? I™™*1 ™™* personally or. by letter. A M
\8 if ill Potitive Curt in every case undertaken. T
mF I lift Write for Book. rBILUSUPIIY or A
» II W^ OAnniAGE, MAILED FREE. (AY
X <» It valuable book for men). ¦ \
" DSL. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St.,B. P. f
y^^^ DR. MEYERS & CO.
/§&f^f\- SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
IVY *~ x*2 1 Established ISBL Con-
( I situation and private CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established ISBI. Con-
sultation and private book
I VL /j*j. I free at office or by mail.
\ ftf^lS^ ' / Cures guaranteed.
\iipi£/ 731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAi.
OCEAN. TRAVEL.
TOYOIMKAISIIA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
lor YOKOHAMA and. HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received oq board on
day of sailinx.
S HONGKONG MARU
...Saturday. November 18. 1901
S. NIPPON MARU .....;
Wednesday. December 11, 1901
S AMERICA MARU......
¦. Saturday. January 4, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
121 Market street, corner First. . ¦
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PACIFIC- STEAM navigation co.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To ' Valparaiso, stopping 'at Mexican, Central
1 and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
PERU Nov. HI COLOMBIA ....Dec 7
PALENA Nov. TUCAPEL .Dec. 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and ' passenger office, 316 California street.
. BALFOUR. GUTHRIE St CO.. Gen. Agent*.
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ : Steamers leave Broadway
ife^--. 'Wnarf, San Francisco:
U^Sih- p-or Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
|§*S^W. Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17, 22. 27. Dec. 2.
ImleWV^ Change to company's steamers
! MkJWQ %bl *For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
jSSf^^M 3 For Victoria. Vancouver 18.
IH|h^9 I C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
<(¦ HmbSU Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.)— ll a. m..
Mot I 7 12 17, 22. 27. Dec. 2. Change at
Seattle* for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma tor N.
I* Rv • at Vancouver to l. xr. **y- p. m.. not.
For Eureka ?Humboldt Bay>-130 p. m.. Not.
'"For^a"' Dl'effo'. stepping only at , Santa
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redond-. (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Gavlota Santa Barbara Ven-
tura. Huenerne. East San Pedro, fan Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturdays.
9 For^Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa RosalU
and Guaymas (Mex.)— lo a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain the company a
The 'company reserves the . right to <*«>«• .
steamers, sailing days and noura of sailing,
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & /V. CO.
Only Steamship Xj*x»« *O
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through ticket* to all
points, ail rail on steamsHin and rail, at
LOWEST RATES.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH and MEALS.
S. COLUMBIA Sails.. Nov. 14, 24. Dec. 4, 14, 21
S3 GEO. W. ELDER
* Sails Nov. 9. 13. 29. Dec ?
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W.HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montgm'y. 3.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
Iff TORI. SOUTHAMPTON. LONBOR. P&SI3L
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. •m.
St. Paul Nov. 2iSt. Paul Dec It
Haverford Nov. 27 ' St. Louis. Dec. 11
Philadelphia ....Dec. * | Philadelphia ....Dec. ii
RED STAR LINE.
Maw York and Antwerp*.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
•Vaderland Nov. 20 Frlesland Dee. It
Haverford Nov. 27 Southwark Dec. IS
•Zeeland Dec. 4 *Vaderland Dec. 28
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery at.
oceanic ss.co SSSsS
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and .Thursday, Nov. 14. 10 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
.'. Saturday. Nov. 23. 2 p. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. 29, 10 a. m.
I D.S?:!ECKEIS & BROS. CO., fimra. Agents. 327 Hartsi St
lea'l Paasangsp GfSct, 643 Market St. Pier Ho, 7, ?3cisfi »
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DBESr.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals, Free.
S. 6. Argyll sails Saturday, Dec. 7
S. S. Leelanaw sails
S. 6. Argyll sails
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10.> at 2 p. ra.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COXPACMIX 6KNXRALS TRAHSATLA3TIQaJ
DIKECT LINE TO UAVRE-i«AKIS. .^^BM.
| Bailing every Thursday instead of ifgfljg*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. "*"™
North River, foot of Morton street. •
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre.' $45 and upward. GEIsERAI* «
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
I ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
i York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
I Agents. 6' Montgomery avenue. San Francisco*
| Tickets Bold by all RaHro»rt Ticket A gen to.
BAY AND BIVEB STfiAMEJSS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAR) AND VALLEJ3
Steamen GEN. PR13813 or MONTICBLLD .
9:40 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m 8:30 p. m. Leaves
I Valiejo 7 a. m. 12:39 noon, i p. m.. except
, Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far» SO ,
i cents. .Telephone Main 150*. Landla* and
office, pier 2, Mission-it. dock. HATCH
fin
56
rt i r*r""- "*^^ r,
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 13. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ~:
Accrew All CennnaJeatiOM to W. S. LEAKS, Kaaagtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION' OFFICE... Markrt and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. .
Delivered by Carriers, IS Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including; Postages ,
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year 16.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months...' 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), -3 months... 1.50
DAILY CALL— Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL, One Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KHOGNESS.
Hunger Foreign Advertising. M»rquett» Bulling, Chicago.
" (Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3Ou Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. /
WASHINGTON D. C.» OFFICE 1406 G St.. N. W.
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— ET7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
8:39 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoli— "The Belle of New York."
Central— "Lights o' London."
Grand ODera-house— "La Traviata."
Alcazar— "For Fair Virginia."
Columbia— "The First Duchess of Marlborough."
Orjiheum — Vaudeville.
California— "Shore Acres."
Chutes, Zoo and Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SAXES.
Bi J. J. Doyle — This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses and Mares,
at 327 Sixth street.
By S. Watkins— Thursday, at 11 o'clock, Horses, at 1106
Golden Gate avenue.
TJ3E "WIRELESS" AT WORK
EXPERIMENTS in dispatching weather reports
fep wireless telegraphy from the Farallones to
Joint Reyes are now in operation. A skilled
txpevt, who has had practice :n the new system of
telegraphy in the East, has been sent out by the De
partment of Agriculture to install the service, and he
ow operating it. We have therefore virtually at
d the wireless telegraphy for which The Call has
s-o long worked, and which has been so much desired
not by the weather bureau only, but by all persons
who are interested in shipping and shipping news.
The 6ubject has been so fully discussed that the
public is familiar with the benefits that may be ex
pected to accrue from the new service. Hereafter
we shall receive much earlier notice of the arrival
of shipping under any conditions of the weather, and
in time, of fog the benefits will Tie exceptionally
great.
With the installation of the system there will of
course come the adoption of it on all important ves
sels, so that it will be possible for them to communi
cate with the Farallones and both give and receive
news long before they enter port. That in itself will
be an immense advantage and will far more than re
•he cost of the service to the Government.
While the benefits which the wireless system of
telegraphing will confer upon the shipping interests
of the port are thus apparent to the understanding of
it is not to be overlooked that the service has
been installed by the Department of Agriculture and
is designed primarily to assist the weather bureau in
making forecasts of the movements of rains, storms
and winds. One of the difficulties with which the of
ficer? of the bureau have had to contend on this
coaf-t ha? been that of getting any sort of informa
tion concerning the weather to the west of us.
Storms and rains and fogs would come out of the
ocean without any warning coming to the weather
¦k. The station at the Farallones will afford
• j-ome help in dealing with that difficulty. It will en
able the forecast officer to learn earlier than he has
been able to do in the past what sort of weather is
•he ocean in our vicinity and in what direction its
winds are moving.
Great as are the immediate benefits to be expected
of wireless telegraph service from the Farallones to
city, they are sure to be exceeded by the bene
fits which will be obtained in the future. The new
style of telegraphy is yet in its infancy. It is but a
few years ago that The Call achieved for the first time
in history the feat of obtaining news by that system
clegraphing. and when the feat was accomplished
it was met by a storm of ridicule by the yellow press.
Now the system is in operation at all the great ports
of the world, and on the Atlantic nearly every
large steamer and many smaller ones are equipped
with it. It is hard to set limits to the expanding
usefulness of such a system as this, and it may be
accounted certain that the benefits flowing from it
will steadily increase for many a year to come.
The Buffalo Exposition lost money, while that at
Glasgow is said to have yielded a surplus of some
thing more than $500,000, but then Buffalo has the
satisfaction of knowing she had an electric exhibit
that beat the world and that money couldn't pay for
anywhere else.
It has been stated that the immediate cause of the
death of Li Hung Chang was excitement caused by a
wrangle with the Russians over the Manchurian
question, and it is probable a good many more men
will perish over that same issue before it is settled
It is stated that at the automobile show in New
York the new machines were heavier than the old
patterns, but that does not look like improvement in
the righ-' direction.
There seems to be nothing of Democracy left ex
cept the Solid South, and that is solid only on the
race Question.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
RANGE LEASING.
THE San Francisco Post raises its editorial voice
to a great height against what it supposes a lease
law will be, to compel stock-owners to pay for
their use of the public domain as a range. Inasmuch
as when such a law was proposed in Texas the big
stock men fought it, and as they fought the leasing
policy adopted by the Northern Pacific Railway, and
in each case the plan carried by the support of the
small stock men and actual settlers, it would be easy
for us to say that the Post's opposition is influenced
by the big stock men, who don't want to pay for
pasture, and urtder the present lawless rule of the
free range have the force to exclude the small stock
men entirely. But we don't say that, for we don't
believe it. The Post is influenced by a partial and in
sufficient view of conditions and an entire misappre
hension of what the leasers want.
No such law as the Post describes could ever pass
Congress. Indeed, it is doubtful if it would receive
the courtesy of reference to a committee. Primarily
it is the irrigators who want a lease law, in order to
check the present decrease of moisture available to
make fertile land for cultivation. The physical re
sults of free use of the arid public domain are the
cause of the greatest solicitude on the part of the ob
servers of the conditions on which settlement of the
West depends. W'heti it is known that removal of
the protection of moisture even in States like New
York is decreasing the fertility of the soil, so that
that State, when almost too late, has been compelled
to put public authority forward to arrest aridity, one
may estimate the need of a policy of conservation in
the arid country west of the one hundredth meridian.
Such policy is impossible as long as the stock
range is free. If free it is overstocked, the vegetable
cover of the soil which protects moisture is destroyed
and the desert appears. Vast tracts in Arizona, New
Mexico, Utah and Eastern Oregon have been de
stroyed by this process. The amount of stock fed on
the range decreases every year, and as the range is the
most economical producer of beef, that food is rising
in price to the level of a luxury. What remedy is
there? None is proposed except that which re
deemed the grazing country of Australia and has re
newed the ranges of Texas. This was done by leas
ing the range, compelling payment for its use and
renewing its forage and capacity to carry stock. No
law on the subject can pass Congress that does not
leave every foot of the public domain open and free
to homestead and mineral entry, protect the entry
man by forfeiting the lease of any leaseholder who in
terferes with him, and that does not amply and ade
quately protect the present agricultural settler and
freeholder and every stock-grower, down to the
least.
To say that.,stich a law cannot be drawn is to de
nounce us as inferior to the Australians and Texans
and the land men of the Northern Pacific Railway.
All of these did it, and now neither settler nor free
holder nor small stock man would in either case re
turn to the free and lawless range if he could. It is
too much the fashion to denounce great public poli
cies that concern the physical conditions of the coun
try. Even yet the forest reservations are bitterly at
tacked in many parts of the country, but. usually by
men who consult some selfish interest opposed to the
public good.
Many public interests demand that the men who
use the public domain shall pay for its use. The con
sumers of beef, who find it rising steadily in price,
require the restoration of economy in its production.
The irrigators have a right to use the public do-
Vnain as a producer of revenue to provide irrigation
works, and to this end to compel its users to pay
rent. The domain belongs to the people. A few
thousand of them have grown rich by its use free of
cost, and in using it free they are destroying it for
settlement by turning it into a desert. There seems
no valid argument against leasing. If the anti-leasers
will concede that a law can be framed protective of all
rights, and will then look for reasons why this should
not be done, they will be doing a public service, for
the public want to ki>ow if any reason exists why
such a law shall not pass.
Roosevelt's Thanksgiving proclamation was issued
at a time when most Americans were so busy with
politics that they had little attention to give to any
thing else, and consequently it may be just as well
to remind the public that among other things he
said: "We can best prove our thankfulness to the
Almighty by the way at which on this earth and at
this time each of us does his duty to his fellow man."
BRYAN NOT POPULAR.
THE elections for the year are over. The issues,
where not local, were the same as in 1896 and
1900. By the national platform, the utterances
of President McKinlty and the expression of State
platforms the Republican party stood committed to
sound money, commcicial expansion, well adjusted
protection and the re-creation of our merchant
marine, and there was no break on the line any
where.
Mr. Bryan made his final campaign in opposition
to these principles, and lost on the field which he
chose to battle for. It is remarkable that lowa was
the only State in which the Democracy clung to
Bryanism. He entered that State for an extensive
campaign. His appearance at once produced such
division and dissatisfaction that the candidate lor
Governor publicly objected to it, and as Bryan per
sisted notwithstanding his protest, the State Com
mittee formally disavowed any responsibility for
Mr. Bryan, his appointments and his meetings. This
was not enough. Bryan made his campaign and the
party went into paralysis. The Republicans cast a
larger percentage of the vote than at any election
since the Civil War, and had a majority close to
100,000. Now that it is over many who were silent
in their indignation outspokenly attribute the result
to Bryan's presence. Only six counties were car
ried by .Mr. Phillips, and parts of the local tickets
were lost in some of these.
In his own State Mr. Bryan fared no better,
though he made an airtight fusion with the Populists
and other elements of discontent. It is now apparent
that whatever new alignment may appear in our fu
ture politics, it will not be affected by Bryanism.
Nor will it likely reflect the peculiar views of the
Quincy Democracy of Massachusetts. Perhaps the
generation now active need not concern itself about
such alignment at all, since it is apparent that until
1908 the country .is sure to remain under Republican
control. Mr. Bryan has all the time failed to appre
ciate that his leadership in the last two Presidential
campaigns has driven vast numbers of the Northern
flkmocracy bodily into the Republican party, and
they show no signs of coming out again. They
were the thinking men who had reached the age of
judgment and discretion, and who find at their age
that it is useless to go back and participate in any
attempt at rehabilitation of their old party.
Their example has influenced almost an equal num
ber of younger men, so that there is provided a sort
of perpetual succession to the come-outers of 1896.
When the Republican party is beaten it will be by
some great schism in its own ranks, and the cause of
such a division does not appear now by any analysis
of existing conditions.
The party will go forward in the path ftiat it has
steadfastly followed, fortunate in having so far at
tracted to it the best and highest elements from the
ranks of its opposition.
There was a time that the Democracy consisted of
the Southern States and New York City. Now this
combination is broken, for it is proved that that party
can no longer rely on New York City/ either in Pres
idential or local elections, and the party takes on
more and more the appearance of a purely sectional
organization, with the race question as its sole ex
cuse for existence.
This winter will probably see the final victory of
an isthmian canal and its necessary collateral, the re
creation of a merchant marine, both as Republican
achievements.
President Roosevelt's policy will satisfy the, aspira
tion of the country for the control of the trusts by
curbing their power for harm and destroying their
stimulus of speculation. Then what is left? Mr.
Bryan may continue to talk about our commercialism
and putting the dollar above the man, but Republican
policy will continue to make more dollars per man
than the country ever had before, and make it easier
for the man to get them than ever before.
Here is a Pennsylvania story showing a variety of
life in the good town of Wilkesbarre: Two women
quarreled so often and so loudly over their back
fence that the neighbors put up a fence sixteen feet
high and warned the women not to break it down.
The women were unable to see each other any more,
but they found a knothole in the fence and shouted
scoldings through that. Thereupon the neighbors
appointed a committee to inform the women that un
le»s they quit wrangling they would be run out of
town. It is in that way the Pennsylvanians maintain
their reputation for peace and quietness.
THE RECIPROCITY CONVENTION.
ON next Tuesday there is to assemble at Wash
ington City a gathering to be known as
"The National Reciprocity Convention/ It
is not to be representative of the people as a whole,
nor even of all the great interests of the people,
the membership being confined to those "actively
engaged as principals o- executive officers in manu
facturing firms or corporations." That means, of
course, that the object of the convention is to get
together a number of manufacturers who can be
united in favor of a programme of reciprocity and
then make use of the organization in promoting re
ciprocity treaties.
While it is the belief that the convention will de
clare in favor of a system of reciprocity treaties that
will open foreign markets for our manufactured
goods, no matter at what cost to other industries,
it is by no means certain it will do so. Upon the
vexed question of reciprocity the manufacturers are
themselves divided. Mr. Carnegie, for example, has
•recently pointed out that reciprocity would be diffi
cult to devise and more difficult to maintain. Never
theless, at the annual meeting of the National Asso
ciation of Manufacturers there was disclosed a strong
sentiment in favor of reciprocity, and accordingly
those who believe the convention will support a pol
icy of that kind are not without good reasons for
their opinion.
It is to be remembered that Republican reciprocity
was defined in the platform adopted by the National
Convention at Philadelphia in these words: "We
favor the associated policy of reciprocity so directed
as to open our markets on, favorable terms for what
we do not ourselves produce, in return for free for
eign markets." If the manufacturers ask for that
kind of reciprocity there will be no objection on the
part of any stanch Republican protectionist. If,
however, they ask for a reciprocity that would ex
pose our wool, fruit and sugar or other industries to
ruinous competition in order that they may obtain
freer markets for manufactured goods in Argentine,
FYance and Germany, then there will be objection.
The object of calling the convention to meet at
this particular time at Washington City was undoubt
edly that of enablirig it to exert influence upon Con
gress in favor of the pending reciprocity treaties.
Those treaties have long ago been weighed by the
people and condemned by the voice of those who are
best fitted to pronounce judgment upon fiscal mat
ters. Senator Aldrich has emphatically declared
against them, and Senator Hoar some months ago
expressed a dislike of any kind of reciprocity on the
ground that it would take our tariff regulations out
of the hands of Congress and place them in the
hands of the State Department. If we undertake any
extensive system of reciprocity treaties, then we must
surrender our control of our tariff and leave it to be
a matter of barter with the diplomats of foreign na
tions.
With such valid objections against them the reci
procity treaties already submitted to the Senate were
virtually dead. Indeed, some of them are really dead
because of the lapse of the time allowed for the rati
fication. The defeat of the existing treaties, how
ever, would not prevent the negotiation of new ones,
and consequently the forthcoming convention of so
powei ful a body as that of the manufacturers of the
country to consider the policy of reciprocity becomes
an event of the first megnitude. The proceedings will
be watched with interest by the country at large,
and by none more keenly than by those who would
like to break down the whole protective system, and
who are quite ready to make use of reciprocity as a
means of doing it.
It is stated there are 24,000 legitimate physicians
and 6000 quacks practicing medicine in the German
empire. The proportion of four to one in favor
of legitimacy could hardly be matched anywhere
else. In this country, if any comprehensive census
could be obtained of all. who carry on some kind of
quackery in curing disease it would probably be
found that, the quacks exceeded the legitimate doc
tors in number instead of being equal only to one
fourth of them.
Malvar, the Filipino insurgent who has just issued
a proclamation announcing himself as captain gen
eral and reorganizer of the Filipino army, has doubt
less the satisfaction of knowing that the appointment
was unanimous, for it appears he' consulted no one
but himself in regard to it.
We are going to hear a good deal about reciprocity
this winter, but it is not likely any of it will be put
into practice for the simple reason that none of it has
yet been devised that is worth practicing.
The Boers continue to show an ability to give the
British every now and then a surprise that jars a
whole regiment.
PLANS MADE FOR A SPLENDID
M'KINLEY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL
PROPOSED NEW HOSPITAL AT NARBERTH, PA.. AS IT WILL APPEAR WHEN COMPLETED. MANY INNO
VATIONS WILL BE INTRODUCED, AND IT IS SAID THE INSTITUTION WILL BE THE FINEST OF ITS
KIND IN THE WORLD. »
LAND valued at $14,000 has been purchased at Narberth,
Montgomery County, Pa., as a site for a McKinley
Memorial Hospital which will cost $300,000. In planning
the structure the architect has paid careful attention
to the three great canons of the profession— utility, sta
biMty and attractiveness.
The style of the building will be of the Greek order. The
plans provide for the erection of three fireproof main build
ings, one for diphtheria, one for scarletina and one for small
pox, and three isolated cottages, each containing four rooms,
for the treatment of other contagious diseases. The three main
buildings will be built of brick and terracotta and identical in
construction, being sixty-five feet wide and one hundred feet
long, with an administration building in front, in which will
be located the quarters of the resident physicians, the nurses
and employes.
In the rear, or wings, are to be located the quarters for
the patients. Here many innovations will be introduced.
Novel methods of sanitation and medical treatment will
form a feature of this hospital. The floors, waDfl and ceilings
will be of enamel cement. In each room will be a small lobby
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
WEAK LUNGS— S. F. T. C, City. The
best places in the State of California for
people with weak lungs are those which
are distant from the ocean breezes.
TRANSPORTS— T. C. G.. Oakland, Cal.
For positions in the United States trans
port service make application at the office
at Folsom-street wharf, San Francisco.
HOOP SNAKE— Subscriber. City. The
abastor erythrogrammus, or so-called
hoop snake, possesses none of the re
markable qualities attributed to it by tra
dition. The statement that when danger
approaches it takes the end of its tail
in its mouth, forms a complete hoop and
then rolls away is mere fiction.
YACHTS— A Subscriber, San Rafael,
Cal. Any first class bookseller can pro
cure- for you books on the building of
yachts. There have been published a
number of articles on that subject in
periodical literature during the past few
years. Such can be traced by examining
Poole's Index of Periodical Literature, to
be seen in any of the libraries.
PROPERTY— SiIma, Dixon. Cal. In
California if the wife dies the entire com
munity property passes to the surviving
husband without administration. If the
wife is possessed of separate property it is
subject to her testamentary disposition.
If she flies intestate and leaves a husband
and but one child, the property goes to
the surviving husband and child, share
and share alike.
HIGH SCHOOL FRATS— B., Santa
Clara, Cal. If a number of young men
of a high school desire to organize a chap
tor of one of the high school fraternities
they should communicate with one
already in existence and frpm the secre
tary obtain all information as to mode
of procedure to have the chapter insti
tuted.
AUTHOR "WANTED— Q., City. This :
correspondent's desire is to know who :
was the author of the following. Can any
oi the readers of this department furnish ;
the information?
The sunlight glitters keen and bright
Where miles away
Lies stretching to my dazzled sight
A luminous belt of llstht.
Beyond the dark pine bluffs and
Wastes of sandy array.
FEDERAL CIVIL SERVICE— A. L..
Oakland., Cal. For information in regard
to appointments and percentage of those
appointed in a branch of the Federal Gov
ernment, make application at the depart
ment in which the appointments were
made. If there is any good reason why
the information asked for should be fur
nished it probably will be given, but as a
rule the departments do not answer ques
tions to satisfy mere curiosity.
MOLL PlTCHEß— Vallombrosa, Mendo
cino County, Cal. The woman known in
American history as "Moll Pitcher" was
born in Pennsylvania. Her name was
Mary Ludwig, daughter of John George
Ludwig, who came to this country from
Germany with the Palatines. She was a
servant in the family of General William
Irvine at Carlisle, Pa., and married a
barber named John Hays July 24, 1769.
On December 1 he was commissioned
gunner in Proctor's First Pennsylvania
artillery, Continental line. When he went
into active service she followed him. as
did the wives of many soldiers, doing
laundry work for the officers. At the bat
tle of Monmouth she carried a pitcher
giving water to the soldiers and from that
fact she was called Moll Pitcher. When
her husband was killed at his post she
took his place and her conduct so pleased
General Greene that he introduced her to
General Washington, who made her a
sergeant. She was pensioned by the Gov
e) nment, afterward married Sergeant
George McCaulley, died at the age of 79,
and the citizens of Cumberland County,
Pa., erected a magnificent monument to
her memory.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. '
Choice candies. Tonwsend's. Palaca Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3 •
Special Information supplied dally fo
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau vAllen's), 510 Mont
gornery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Japanese residents of Tacoma,
Wash., have organized to keep out any
disorderly characters from their country.
Rionart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your pough; 50 cents; at all druggists'.
Many causes induce gray hair, but Parker's
Hair Balsam brings back the youthful color.
Hindercorns. the best cure lor corns. 15 cts.
where the physician may keep his rubber coat, antiseptics ami
all other articles used in the treatment of the patients in that
particular department, thus obviating the danger attendant
upon the carrying of articles from one sickroom to another.
The system of ventilation will be an entirely new one. The
windows will be made immovable and at the base of each
there will be placed a layer of compressed cotton, through
which the air will niter. Under each patient's bed there will
be a register, connecting with a shaft, through which the air
will be sucked by means of electrical fans and carried to t
centrally located power house, where, after passing through
a furnace, it will be purified and rind its way out through -cW
chimney. This system will be so devised as to furnish a com- "
plete change of air in every room at least every ten minutes.
Another new feature will be a system of communication
between the patients and their friends. A telephone will be
placed in every room and the visitors will be a'ole to converse
with the sick from a lodge on the grounds without running
the slightest risk of contagion.
The buildings when completed will be the finest of their
kind in the world.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. Albert W. Kirk, the well known
oculist, has returned home after a four
months' tour of Eastern cities.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— The following
Californiar.s are in New York: From San
Francisco— W. E. Boyer and W. H. T;il
bot and wife, at the Imperial; H. W.
Colic and wife, at the Cadillac; M. D.
Judah, at the Broadway Central: R. S.
Atkins and J. J. Gottlob and wife, at
the Herald Square; H. W. Brown, at
the Earlington; J. Duboi?, at the St.
Denis: L. Beckett, at the Grand Union;
G. I. Ives and wife, at the Hoffman, and
D. Smith, at the Sturtevant.
From Los Angeles— E. Keltner, at the
Herald Square; F. S. Smith, at the As
tor: E. E. Denton. at the Marlborough;
Mrs. M. B. Penisthn and Mrs. C. W.
"Walker, at the New Amsterdam.
City Barber (to Scotch customer after
shaving)— Little bay rum. sir?
Scotch Visitor— Well. I'm na fond o'
rum. but I wadna refuse a drap o' whis
ky.— Pittsburg Press.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
3.KATSCHINSKI
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO, |
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. i
Fur Trimmed I
I Juliets I
M What every lady requires. Warm B
fi footwear for winter. The days are ts
13 growing colder and we have a spe- f
H cial offer in LADIES' BLACK or I
m RED FELT FUR-TRIMMED JU- H
Eg LIETS that are warm lined. We E
H have reduced the PRICE TO 7," B
H CENTS. Sizes 3 to 8. |
Mr I II
n For receptions or swell functions, v
|8 LADIES' PATENT LEATHER I»
EJ VAMP THREE-BUTTON SAN- H
gj DALS, with kid Quarters' c and H
I French heels. Plain coin toes and 6
turned soles. Sizes 3to 7%; widths m
A to E. THE PRICE SI .30 fi
ALASKA SEAL $3.00 SHOES £3
for men are absolutely waterproof M
Every pair guaranteed. We are H
sole agents. ; - - 01
Country orders solicited. ' t|
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE' GO. I
10 THIRD STREET. |
San Francisco. m
RP TT 14 FOR " BARBERS, BAiC-
JDIIUOriJuOf". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
<l}-ers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor?, etc '
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento st
f<x "PAT E NTS j
MARKET bTTsSVSS^
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"What!" shouted the Pop politician.
"Abandon our organization just when
everything Is coming our way? Well, I
guess not: Why, the prospects are tos
only a half-crop of corn, and oats aro
clean destroyed."— Kansas City Journal.
Bacon— This year reminds me a good
deal of a watch.
Egbert— How 90?
"Why, we know there ought to be a,
spTlng in it somewhere, but it's hard to
find it." — Yonkers Statesman.
The Literary Editor— That fellow Scrib
bler sent in a paper this morning 1 entitled
"Why Do I Lh-e?"
The Editor— What did you do with it"
The Literary Editor— Returned it with
an inclosed slip saying: "Because you
mailed this instead of bringing it per
sonally.'—lndianapolis News.
SUMMER RATES in effect at Hotel del Coro
nado until December 1. Ticket to Coronado
and return, including 15 days' board and room,
JtiO. Inquire at 4 New Montgomery St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
: — OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BOSTON, IN THE STATE OF MASSA-
chusetts. on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1900. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
lof Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code V
I condensed as per blank furnished by th* Com- V
misflloner. .- • - I
CAPITAL..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash 1300.000 00
ASSETS. " ¦ ¦ "
' Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1553 50
! Cash in Company's Office 1992
1 Cash In Banks 19,183 39
: Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
! and Loans 2,802 S3
i Premiums in due Course of Collection. 48, 540 v
| Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 142 33
Total Assets .$624,633 51
LIABILITIES. ====
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,232 17
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 11, MM 32
] Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning one year or less, 1170,384 63;
! reinsurance 50 per cent 85,192 31
Gross premiums on Fire Risks, run-
ning- more than one year. $131,713 05;
reinsurance pro rata 84,115 61*-
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. etc. 308 81
All other liabilities ..?..: 19.' 678 47
'
Total Liabilities $209,431 48
INCOME. . . ~ "
Net cash actually received for Flr« '»£/
premiums $211,996 15
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 21,815 13 »
Received from all other sources 820 2t
Total Income .1224,431 34*
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in- f I ,
eluding 120.941 90. losses of previous -^
years) $131,184 :T^
Dividends to Stockholders 9,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission ¦or
Brokerage 47,028 51
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and - other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 20 SSI
Paid fcr State, National and Local
taxes 8,918 75
All other payments and expenditures.. 34,643 SS
Total Expenditures $231,458 50
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $123, 531 42
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks. ( Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
written during the -*•"-
year $28,844,803 $304,187 12
I Net amount of Risks
; expired during the
i year 25.241.593 264.115 54
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900 1 30.356.855 | 322.132 67
FRANCIS PEABODT. President.
HENRY S. BEAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 4th
day of February. 1901.
GEORGE M. AMERIOE,
' Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
BA6GS & STOVEL, ' ;
\ General Agents, V
411 CALIFORNIA STREET,
' San Francisco. Caul.AMTTSEKiiIITS.
r GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
SPECIAL NOTICE t
Parties desirous of exchanging seats pur-
chased for the previously announced perform-
ances of ••Carmen" must present them at the
box office not later than TO-MORROW (Thurs-
day), at S p. m., or, if preferred, the money
will be refunded.
SAN FRANCISCO SEASON OF GRAND
OPERA, under the direction of MR MAUR-
ICE CHAT.
TO-NIGHT at S— "LA TRAVIATA."
Sembrich. Campanari and Salig-nac; conduct-
or, BeppUlL
Thurs. Evg. Nov. 14, at 8. TANNHAUSER.
Eamcs, c Belce, Fritzl-Scheff, Van Dyck,
Blass, Bispham. Conductor. Damrosch.
Friday evening, Nov. 15. at 7:45, "DIE
WALKURE." Gadskl. Schumann-Heink, Ho-
mer. - .ft. Seygard, Marylli, Bridewell. Bau-
<-rmeiswr. Van Cauteren and Reuss-Belce; Dip-
pel, Blass and Bispham. Conductor, Dam-
Sat. Aft.. Nov. 16, at 2. FAUST.
Sembrich, Homer; Dlppel, Campanari. Ed de
Keszke. Conductor, SeppllU.
Sat. EVg, Nbv. 16, at 8, MAXOX.
Sibyl Sanderson; Declery. Journet, Sallgnac.
Conductor. Flon.
Sunday evening, Nov. IT. at 8. First Grand '
Opera Performance at popular prices, LA BO-
HEME. Suzanne Adams, Frltzi Scheff: 1 ><=
Marchi, Journet, Campanari. Conductor. Sei -
riiii. '
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK
Monday evening. Nov. IS, ..i 8. Only per-
formance of "ROMEO ET JULIETTE." Fibyl
Sanderson, Bridewell; Salisnac, Ed de Resike
Journet, Declery and Bars. Conductor Flon
Tuesday ¦ - nine, Nov. 19, at 8, Joint ap-
pearance of Mme. Eames and Mmp S-r-b-!ch
in Mozart's opera, "LE NOZZE DI FIGAKO"
<The Marriage of Figaro), with an v:. -ce-
dented cast. Eames. Scheff and Sembrich: Ed
de Reszke and Campanari. Conductor .- pi'li.
Wednesday evening. Nov. 20. at 8, "OAR-
MEN." Calve. Suzanne Adams; Sallgr.ac md
fcirotti. Conductor, Flon.
Thursday evening. Nov. 21, at 7-45 "DIE
MEISTERSINGER." Gadski, Schi.marm-Heink; i
Pippel. ham. Muhlrr.ann and Ed de Resrke. i
Conductor, Damrosch.
The balance of the repertoin. fc next week
will be announced later.
The sale of seats for any of the above per- !
fnrmances except "CARMEN", will begin at
•.he box office of the Grand Opera-house THIS '.
MORNING, at 9 o'clock.
Prices for regular performances— l 2. $3. $4, $5
and $7. General admission, $2.
Prices for Sunday night performances— T!, $2,
S: 50 and $3. WEBER PIANOS USED. •
• *TiVpLi*i
"A HIT! A PALPABLE HIT!" ;
Every evening this week at 8 sharp.
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
IN
The Belle of New York
Monday, Nov. 18— A GAIETY GIRL
* Matinees Saturday and Sunday at I sharp: ;
Popular Prices — 23c, 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). Nov. IS.
I'arquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Children, i
any part except reserved, 10c i
WONDERFUL _ATTRACTIONS !
The Girl With the Auburn Hair, Fra-
ser Troupe. Fred Niblo, Joseph
Adelman. The Onllaw Trio, Bur-
ton's Acrobatic Comedy Dogs, Th*
Lockos. Lillian Burkhart and Com-
pany, and the Biograph.
PA! lIM9IA SAS FRABCISCO^
v II I.U m DIM leading mm
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
!& 44 e h ll LE MOYNE
In Charles Henry Meltzer's Historical Play, j
The First Duchess of Marlborough.
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY.
WILLIAM COLLIER j
In Augustus Thomas'
Phenomenally Successful Comedy,
"ON THE QUIET."
SEATS READY TO-MORROW MORNING.
f!LVHIATRf>O
Belaeco and Thall Managers
TO-NIGHT AND .ALL. WEEK.
Hues Whytal'B Great Military Play,
"For Fair Virginia."
Interpreted by the
LATEST AND GREATEST
ALCAZAR Si OCK CO,
Seats on sale six days In advance.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT— "SELF AND LADY."
Thankegiving Week— 'UNS OF TEN- .
. NESSEE.'
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK
LADIES' SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY
JAMES A. HERNE'S
Famous Comedy Drama and Beautiful Play,
•SHORE ACRES."
Entire New Scenery and a Fine Acting
Company.
SEATS READY.
NEXT— SUNDAY NIGHT
HAVERLY'S MASTODON
MINSTRELS,
With GEO. WILSON
And a Most Complete Organization.
SEATS TO-MORROW.
BELASCO a** TftAl£:Sy: 9
<E*T?A£§!
>4 "^ ttltSJt CtTIfIUUA
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Mammoth Spectacular Production of the Fa-
mous Melodrama,
» "LIGHTS O'
LONDON."
DircC Evening 10c, 15c, 23c. 35c, 50c
liliWC3 Matinees... 10c, lac. 25c
Next Wetk— "KlNG OF THE OPIUM RING."
ITICr'WE'R'Q CONCERT HOUSE,
rlOtnilfi D Admission lOc.
Myrtle Selwyn; Floria; Carle and Boyle;
Eleanora Jenkins; Win. Blake; Swor and
Hathaway; Bushlaush; Sid Baxter;, and Hin-
richs 1 Orchestra. Reserved Seats. 25c. Matl-
nee Sunday.
PALACE HOTEL."
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
j GRAND HOTEL. "
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
RIOT AND MUTINY BUT NO BLOODSHED
ABOARD THE BRITISH SHIP ANGLESEY
Offic/al Report of the Voyage Says Nothing of Trouble, but the
Captain and Crew Tell Quite Conflicting Stories, the Skip
per Alleging Insubordination and the Sailors Drunkenness
THE BRITISH SHIP ANGLESEY UNDER STORM CANVAS OFF THE HORN. WHILE THE SHIP WAS IN DIS
TRESS AND THE MIZZEN ROYAL WAS BEING FURLED ONE OF THE MEN REFUSED DUTY, AND IN
CONSEQUENCE THERE WAS TROUBLE THEREAFTER.
JUDGING from, the captain's report
of the British ship Anglesey, no
one would ever think there had
been any trouble aboard. Never
theless, there was mutiny, trouble
In the cabin, trouble in the 'midship
room, trouble in the forecastle and trouble
all around. At different times at lenst
one-half the crew was in irons, while the
captain walked the poop with a brace of
pistols in his pockets and a cutlass at his
side. Men were "ironed" daily and the
steward was put in the "brig" because he
did not furnish ham and eggs for
breakfast. Others were "spread-eagled "
vn the cabin floor and all in all there were
lively times on the Anglesey.
In the official report of the voyage no
mention is made of troubles aboard or
about troubles to come. Still the men
have a tale to tell, as has also Captain
Lewis, who said:
"There was an element of discord
aboard when the ship left Swansea. Mc-
Donald, one of the sailors, was particu
larly obstreperous and on several occa
sens had to be disciplined. Finally when
we- were off Staten Island he grew inso
lent and was put in irons by my orders.
He had been sent aloft to furl the mizzen
royal and did the Job in a slovenly man
ner. The vessei was being reduced to
short canvas and a badly furled sail
meant trouble in the coming gale. I or
dered him aloft again and he refused.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANGERS "OF~
AJCOUGH
£k A slight cough neg-
l^^f leeted for a few days
"1 •'jn^&krr generally results In
Bronchitis, and in nine
«PTppj|*^ case? out of ten the
B "JB sufferer continues to
1 -f^ftp^i attend to his or her dv-
/ / jj£l JT ties without a thought
-Ji\^x3f- "?^=- of danger. They are,
n'ji^NTwjj ('f however, daily breath-
e!' trf i »»j| I— ing into these raw and
— 'BJsHNiJ — inflamed air passages
<§j >¦& the disease germs of
* ™ consumption and soon-
Bronchitis er or later some of
these germs will find lodgment on the
raw spots and begin to multiply. It re-
quires but a few days for these germs
to become firmly fixed in the lungs, and
then that dread disease consumption be-
gins. /
Thous an ds of n
lives are sacri-
ficed yearly in om_^^m _^^
this way: a little J| r^/^t/}
neg ligence. and '-' "^gj| &/je£{ A
the deed is done. •^^0^- — vfißWfW
eminent statistics I ffTUi^^^^
and United States ( i C^^^T^^ff
Health Rep orts [ Wi/\sMTg£^
have shown that -^ yJ^S ~~*
consumption can j^qij^ ME *^- U
be cured and pre- \lk\J\. "^v
vented with HY- \\ \\^\^T
OMEI, every fath- »> ? \\
er and mother Consumption
should see that
this protection is given to their family.
One thing is certain — coughs and croup
cannot exist where HYOMEI is used, and
if breathed daily it destroys the germs of
catarrh, bronchitis and consumption com-
pletely.
HYOMEI is sold by all druggists or sent
by mail for the following prices: HY-
OMEI outfits complete $1.00; trial outfits
25c: HYOMEI Balm 25c. Send for our
book on HYOMEI and five days* treat-
ment free. It may save your life.
The R. T. Booth Co., i that: a, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
glg^ RACING
*£2^il£*^ I£ijF'1 £ijF' Every Week Day—
'Sr . Rain cr ;--hinc.
EW CALIFORNIA JuCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. ¦ ..*.;.. i
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
1 12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance 'to - the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CHUTES ANDZOO s I^X° aa
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
HARRY "HARMON,
In His Sensational High Dive.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
{yi\ THE AMATEURS ~
And a FAT LADIES' RUNNING RACE.
Telephone for seats. Park 23.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
Tlien when I insisted he rushed at me
and nearly killed me with a kick. I was
laid up for several days and when again
able to appear on deck found the whole
of the starboard watch in a mutinous
condition. The trouble was smoothed
over and we crossed the line in fair time
and were off the Farallones a week ago.
Then the trouble broke out again and at
one time 1 had over half a dozen of the
men in irons. Half the time I had to walk
the deck with two pistols in my pocket
and a cutlass at my side, but even then
they nearly made a coup. As it is, every
man of them will be turned over to the-
English Consul and they will have to
answer at home for their crimes.''
The men tell a different story. They say
that off the Platte the ship was caught in
a gale and the captain got a sousing. He
took a glass of grog to drive out the chills
and then went on a "jag," which lasted
the remainder of the voyage. For a
trivial offense he triced up McDonald and
ke;it him with his toes just touching the
deck, while the vessel was rolling her
yardarms undez 1 . They also assert that
Steward Woodward was kept in confine
ment for twenty-four hours because he
did not l'urnish ham and eggs for
breakfast in midocean. The Anglesey did j
not bring any chickens from Swansea-
Sailor Catteau was stretched out on the
cabin lioor and made into a "spread agle"
because he did not obey promptly when
ordered.
Sailor Goodwin, colored, was placed 'n
irons because he did not go to work when
sent forward. Goodwin got his finger In
jured in the winch and for three days he
could not stop the bleeding, so say the
men. Finally he went to the captain and
the latter ordered him back to work. The
negro refused and was placed under ar
rest.
When the Golden Gate was reached
eight of the crew were in the brig and
one man was triced up amidship. The
police went aboard and the men were re
leased and quietly went back to work.
They vow that they will not leave the
Anglesey until she is back in England,
and that then she will be the source of
an inquiry that will mean the captain's
retirement. In the meantime the captain
holds the whip hand.
REINSURANCE AGAIN.
Rcanoke Once More Comes to the
Front as Overdue.
The A/nerican ship Roanoke, now out
153 days from Norfolk, Va. , for San Fran
cisco, is again deemed a risk by the gam
blers. Away back in August last she was
nearly given up as lost because a home
ward-bound steamer reported a wooden
American vessel afire off the coast of
Virginia. At that time 45 per cent was
paid on her. Then she was spoken off the
Platte and the reinsurance dropped out
of sight. Again her owners got scared
and the rate on her was once more quot
ed as high as 35 per cent. This figure
dropped to 8 per cent Monday, when the
news of the vessel having been spoken oft!
Staten Island was received.
There came another reaction yesterday
when people realized the long run th.i
Roanoke was making from Staten Island
in the Atlantic to San Francisco and rate*
accordingly advanced to 15 per cent. The
gamblers have still an opportunity to
play the ship.
The Torridon, now out 02 days from
Newcastle. Australia, for Astoria, is
quoted at 10 per cent, and the Penthesilea,
172 days from England for San Francisco,
is quoted at the same figure.
Water Front Notes.
Max Kalish, the popular manager of tba
Humboldt Steamship Company, is back
from the Sound. Rumor has it that he
and his associates will build or purchase
a new flier for the Sknguay run this win
ter.
The tug Sea Prince dirt a little damage
to Beale-street wharf Monday. She was
docking the schooner Lottie Carson and
the swift tide carried vessel and tug
down on the dolphin. The latter was
wrecked and several piles and stringers
were carried away.
The skiff stolen from the schooner
Henry Sunday night was found moored
under Fremont street by the police yes
terday.
Fifteen boxes of oranges that came
from Mexico were burned by the horti
cultural inspector yesterday. They were
all infected with the orange maggot.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The barkentine Echo is chartered prior to
arrival for lumber from Portland to Cape
Town; the Chilean barkentine Hawaii, lumber
on Puget Sound to same port, 70s, prior to ar
rival.
The s=hlp Geo. Curtis will load merchandise
here for Honolulu.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with a general cargo for British
Columbia valued at $15,083. Including the fol
lowing merchandise and produce: 25,308 IT>s 148
pkga dried fruit, 26.276 rbs 54 pkgs raisins, 81
pkgs hardware, 240 lbs leaf tobacco, 10 cs honey
2 cs electrical goods, 2450 Itis chocolate, 20,040
lbs salt, 549 rbs hops, 36 gals wine, 31 cs arms
and ammunition, 4 pkge agricultural Imple
ments, 35,290 fbs beans, 6525 lt>s bread, 6 pkgs
drugs, 3 cs hats, 50 boiler tubes, 558 pkgs fruit
and vegetables, 541 !t>s millstuffs, 170S lbs blue
stone, 10 tons pig iron, 659 pigs lead, 206 lbs
ham. 10 ere onions, 58,826 Tbs malt. 2 pkgs dry
good?. 25 pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 cs
mustard, 469 lbs starch, 700 lbs shrimps. 1253
lbs nuts, 36 cs canned goods, 131 bxg paste,
40 plates, 56 bars steel, 30,000 tbs sugar, 2 pkgs
wire.
In addition to the above the steamer car
ried the following Fhipments of canned goods
to the Eastern States:
To Detroit. Mich., 1200 cs salmon, valued at
$5830; Rockland. Me., 500 cs salmon, valued at
$2500; Springfield, Mass., 460 cs salmon, valued
at $1745; Boston, Mass., 500 cs asparagus
valued at $2500.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. November 12.
Stmr Celta, Adler, 21 hours from Jlendo
cino.
Stmr Greenwood, Faeerlund, 18 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 34 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Rival, Olson, 68 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Gualala, Genereaux, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr Scotia, Walvls, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 24 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Geo Loomis, BrldKett, 38 hours from
Redondo.
Schr Volante, Errat, 8 days from Coos Bay.
Schr AVebfoot, Semsen, 10 days from South
Bend.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, November 12.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Victoria. Casey, Ladysmith; C T
Bowrins & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, November 12.
Stmr Mandalay, Reed, Coquille River.
Stmr North Fork, Kosen, Eureka.
Stmr laqua, Gunderson, Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Pii-_-t t Sound ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Newburs, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Sequoia. Winkle, Fort HraKir.
Stnn National < ny, Dettmers, Fort Bragg,
j with Br sohr Alexander in tow.
Sclir Newark. Cramjle. Stewarts Point.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Skipper, Stewarts
Point.
Schr Guide, Olscn. Eureka.
Br scl-.r Alexander. Bahn, Guayaquil, via
Fort Bragg,--ln tow of i-tmr National City.
SPOKEN.
Oct 21. lat 30 N. lc.n 426 33 W— Br shrp John
Co.)k..>, hence Oct 11, for Queenstown.
Per Br ship Anglesey— July 14, lat 12 N, lon
1 W, Br ;-hin Invercargill, fr-ra Otaeo, for
London. July 15, lat 11 N. lon 12 W, Br ship
Ardnamurehan, from Cardiff, for Santa Rosa
lia. July IS, lut S N, lon 24 W, Br ship Marin
Woodbine, from London, for Melbourne. July
28, lat 1 N, lon 12 \V, Br bark Pitcalrn Island,
from Glasgow, for Brazil.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOEOS, Nov 12, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 4 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Nov 12-Stmr
Navarro, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Chieo.
for San Francisco; stmr Noyo, for Portland;
stmr San Pedro, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Barbouml Nov 12— Stmr Empire.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 12— Barge Santa
Paula, for San Francisco, In tow tug Rescue;
schr J B Leeds, for ; schr Lettitia, for
Grays Harbor.
Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Aberdeen, from Eu
reka.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr W H Kru
ger. hence Nov 10.
Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed Nov 12— Stmr Ruth, for
San Pedro.
FISH ROCK— Sailed Nfcv 11— Schr Mary
Etta, for San Francisco, w
SHATTLE-Arrived Nov 12-Stmr Arctic,
from Ncme.
Sail I'd Nov 12— Schr Meteor, fnr Oyster Har
bor.
Sailed Nov 12— Jap stmr Idzumi Maru,' for
Hongkong; f-trnr Arctic, for Portland.
NKAH BAY— Nov 12, 5 p m, rain, east wind,
nine miles.
Passed inward— Stmr ProKrcs), from San
Francisco, for Seattle, at 1 p m.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 12— Schr Rob
ert Lewers, from Seattle.
Balled Nov 12— Bark Fresno, for San Fran
ci.ico.
Arrived Nov 12— Schr Rcbsrt Lewers, from
Honolulu.
TACOMA- Sailed Nov 12— Schr Robert Lew
ers. for Port Gamble; stmr Ramses, for Port
Blakeley.
Arrived Xov 12— Br stmr Teenkal, from Se
attle.
PORTLAND. Or— Arrived Nov 12— Fr bark
Grande nufh<?s=se Olsra, from St Nnzaire.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 12— Sfmr Santa
Ropb, from San Francisco; stmr St Denis, from
Ensr-r,?,la: s-'nr Una. from Cms Bay.
Sailed Nov 12— Schr Americana, for Puget
Sound.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed No
vember 11— Br shiM Australia, from Iquique,
for Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANlLA— Arrived Nov 7— Br stmr Rokeby,
from Norfolk.
DUNGENESS— Passed Nov 11— Br ship Cric
. ' '¦¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
j j^ B *^^ I Why Don't You Seek Relief? j
la fxf hlhh PI A really healthy \^oman has little pain or discomfort at the menstrual period No woman needs #§f
P j'\ |r" v ; Jg 'Ma to have an Wine of Cardui will relieve all those smarting menstrual pains and dragging head, back M
% .Jisiray HI anc ' *' < ' c ac * ICS caused by falling of the womb and irregular menses. «
P JsmSy IK March 29, 1900, Mrs. W. H. Jones * of Cameron, Mo., wrote the following to The Chattanooga Ja
H " jSssaSr fl Medicine Company :"I ask you for advice for the treatment of my complaint I hear a great many %M
sjs '/ /sjSßr m\ women in my condition are cured by Wine of Cardui, so I send for the medicine." The medicine was WM
if \^Jm&sJ^ : m se "* with plain directions regarding treatment required, and August 31, 1900, she wrote again : "Per- !J-|
E* &JB^^y}k ' ' : 'j£&tsn. Hi haps you will remember Mrs. W. H. Jones who wrote to you six months ago asking for advice which {m.
M Jw%h>. : «gk -y^W •' fa you so kindly gave her. i never will be able to thank you enough for it I suffered terribly at my ja"
P Jlf Nraka^fflil *. M ' H monthly peribds for three years. I would sometimes go for seven months with no flow at all. Now I I|L
M§ HMB^^S^BH^r J§ have my health back again an d am expecting to be confined in January. I cannot praise your mcdi- j||
1 2Jr I *"*" WINEo'CARDUI I
m Hi krok r0U $ n * permanent relief to 1,000,000 women who suffered every month. It makes the men- km
H i^Pl^^^^Sf B * rua ' organs strong and healthy and gives women relief from the terrible aches and pains that blight pt
Hk M^ : '^'^^^^^^ H so man homes. The only thing necessary is to seek relicf — to go to a drug store and get a $1.00 v 2
If >Mjt^^|saS{|^^ « bottle of Wine of Cardui and take the medicine in the privacy of your own home. M
I <^I^ /^^^nR»SK k| I nave been very sick for some time. I was taken with a severe pain in my side and could not get any Jew
PI -< tT 7 vlk^BSS^ O "^ uotil - 1 tried a 01 * 16 of Wine °* Cardoi. Before I had taken all of it I was relieved. I feel it my duty 'a
tog * '¦' ¦ 'SotW^K^' ' •' ' U to say at you have a wonderful medicine. ; Mrs. M. A. YOUNt* . n
EaL *^ W ' '-" ' 553 - - For advice and literature, address, Riving symptoms, "The Ladies' Advisory JM
Whw Msk. Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Term. A^fr
RED FLAG DOES
NOT COME DOWN
Old Signal to Mariners
of ComiDg Storms
to Remain.
McAdie Tells of Plans of
Weather Bureau's Coast
Service,
Forecast Official McAdie says that the
storm signals that are hoisted on the
Mills building by the United States
Weather Bureau to notify shipping of the
approach of storms will not be discon
tinued. There will be no change in the
flags that are employed directly for the
benefit of the maritime interests of the
ports of the United States. Mr. McAdie
makes this statement for the reason that a
contrary impression has obtained among
the shipping men of this port.
Mr. McAdie says tnat certain flags that
have been in use ever since the institu
tion of the weather service of the United
States have been dropped. The reason id
that their place has been supplied by
other and more efficient means of com
munication with those who are princi
pally concerned. The discontinuance took
effect in the East, so far as temperature
and rainfall signals are concerned, as far
back as last July. The change in th:s
city involved in this omission was not
noticed, naturally enough, until the com
ing of the present rainy season. Nov/
warnings of rain and lower temperature
are sent out to the farmers and to interior
towns and also to the residents of San
Francisco and other cities through the
agency of thousands of postal cards anU
through .notifications to business houses
and Postmasters, with the request that
t!ie information shall be posted in a prom
inent, place. The telephone and telegrauh
are also -used. The most effective way "oi
reaching the public, though, is through
the newspapers.
Instead of curtailing the service of no
tifying the shipping of approaching storms
ir this State, there has been planned an
extension by the letting of a contract for
the location of three 60-foot steel towers
for the display of red flags to warn the
mariners. One of these towers will be
placed at Point Lobos, one at Point Reyes
and one at Santa Barbara. The old red
iag will fly at all places where it has
been displayed heretofore.
cieth Castle, from Shields, for San Francisco.
BRISBANE— Sailed Nov S— Br stmr Mlo
wera, for Vancouver.
MAURITUS— SaiIed Sept 23— Br shin Ra
hane, for Newcastle, Aus, and San Francisco.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Oct 27— Balkirk.
TALTAL— Arrived Oct 24— Nor bark Syden
ham, from Valparaiso, for Tacoma.
ROTTERDAM— In port Oet 28— Ur ship Yola.
for Varcouver.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrived Oct 31— Br ship
Chiltonford, from Sydney. Nov S — Br ship Cen
turion, from Adelaide, and ordered to Port
land.
Sailed Oct 13— Br ship Canara. for Manila.
Oct 15— Br bark Straihdan, for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Oct 15— Br stmr
Guatemala, hence Sept 5. Nov s—Br5 — Br stmr
Condor, from New York.
WILSONS PROMONTORY— Passed Oct 28—
Er ship Crocodile, from Liverpool, for Sydney
TAMATANA— SaiIed Oct 20-Br bark Kirk
dale, for San Francisco, via Calcutta
CALDERA— SaiIed Oct 11— Br ship Wis
combe Park, for San Francisco. Oct 16 — Chll
stmr Palena. for San Francisco. Oct 29— Br
ship Wendur, for Oregon. Oct 31— Ger stmr
NScaria, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Nov 12— Br stmr Cop
tic, hence Oct 15.
Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Peru, for San Fran
cisco.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Nov fl— Stmr San Bias,
for San Francisco, from Panama.
SINGAPORE— SaiIed Nov 11— Br stmr Hy
son, for London.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Nov 11— Stmr Mineola. for
Port T.os Angeles-
VANCOUVER-Safled Nov 12— Br ship Ivy.
for Hongkong.
Arrived Nov 12— Br bark Beechdale, from Vic
toria.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived Nov 12-Stmr
Meteor, from Seattle.
ROYAL ROADS— Sailed Nov 12— Br barl;
Gamlale. for- Tacoma.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Nov 12— Br bark Beech
dale, for Vancouver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr North
town, from Chicago; stmr Hohenzollern. troni
Genoa, Naples and New York.
Sailed Nov 12— Stmr Georsic, for Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Aller.
from New York, for Naples.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 12— Stmr Pre
torlan. from Montreal: stmr Saxonia. from
Bos-ton.
AUCKLAND, N Z— Arrived Nov 12, 4 p m—
Stmr Sonoma, from San Francisco. Honolulu
and Apia, for Sydney, NSW.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 11-Stmr Glen
shleld, for Tacoma.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the h*>iKht of tide Is the game at both places.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13.
Sun rises 6:4$
Sun sets S:CO
Moon sets 6:48 p. m.
Time Time Timel ITime
Date Ft. — Ft. Ft. Ft.
HWL,W H W L W
1J .. 1:33 4.4 5:41 3.2 11:46 5.5 6:50 — 0.?
14 .. i!: 18 4.4 6:18 3.2 12:20 5.4! 7:Cu -0.1
15 .. 3:02 4.5 7:07 3.2 12:56 5.2| 8:10 0.0
lfi .. 3:46 4.6 S:0o 3.2 1:41 4.9| B:.w 0.2
17 .. 4:271 4-71 9:15! 3.2 2:45| 4.7 9:45 0.3
IS ... 5:111 4.S| 10:301 3.0 ¦ 3:59! 4.4! lf':4d 0.7
19 ..I 5:51| 5.1| 11:48| 2.4| 5:25| 4.2, 11:36| 1.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column Rives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . T^
¥ - V "^ J&* V J / I IcorraianT !•»•!
| S^ f^ • / I |Py H.OCWWODO H.Y. I
i MENRSrC POTTER Bishop of tf*~Y»rk
ra is one of a long list of distinguished men
I and women who will contribute to =====
I The Youth's Companion
1 4$W«% ...rOR 1902...
I ©...FOR 1902... all about 4C!fe
Illustrated Announcement, telling all about %S"i#
I the new volume, with Sample Copies of <M» F .
S| the Paper, sent FREE to any address.
if] Every New Subscriber who will mention this
Q publication or cut out this slip and send
|l it at once with $1 .75 will receive :
M FREE- All the issues for the remaining wee
B of 1901.
g FREE -Thanksgiving and Christmas Numbers.
I FREE — The Companion Calendar for 1902.
I i lithographed in 12 colors and gold.
I The Companion for 52 weeks of 1902,-250
C stories. 50 special articles, etc., etc.
I From now until Jan., 1903, for $1.75. . AA »t
1 Jgy* «Sfek The Youth's Companion, Boston. Mass. £&&* <^%4.
November 12. 1901.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
1. c., at noon of the 12uth meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant, U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. Due.
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 13
Arcata Coos Bay |Nov. Vi
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports |Nov. 13
Czarina I Seattle & Tacoma Nov. IS
Tellus ' Oyster Harbor Nov. H
Empire Coos Bay ;Nov. 14
Asuncion Tacoma Nov. 11
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts.iNov. H
Point Arena.. . I Point Arena |Nov. 14
Corona I San Pedro & Way Pts. Nov. 14
San Pedro Humboldt Nov. 14
Pleiades I Seattle Nov. 13 '
Edith ! Seattle Nov. 13 j
San Bias Panama & Way Ports.! Nov. lo
Ramses Peattle Nov. IS
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Nov. 16
China China and Japan |Nov. 18
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria ;Nov. IS
J. S. Kimball..! Seattle & Tacoma |Nov. 16
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 16
State of Cal San Diego & Way Pts. Xov. 17
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom|Nov. 17
North Fork Humboldt |Ncv. 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports iNov. is '
Palena Valparaiso *: Way Pts. 'Nov. 13 I
Robt. D011ar.... Seattle & Hadlock !Nov. II
Alar.ifda Honolulu ,Nov. a
Australia Tahiti Nov. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria |Nov. 21
Hyades I New York via Panama Nor. Si
PUT of Puebla ! Puget Sound Ports N
Totmes ! Seattle |Kor. 23 |
TO SAIL.
Steamer. i Destination I Palls. [ Pier.
1 1
I November 13. !
Pomona Humboldt [1:30 pjPier 9
State of Cat.. Pan Diego & Way.] 9 am! Pier 11
Rival Willapa Harbor i 5 pro | Pier 2
Xovember 14. I
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma..|lo ami Pier 2
Peru ! Valparaiso & Way. M 2 mi Pier 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria:ll am Pier 4
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 1101 10 am Pier 7
¦ \ovember 15. I
Arcata Coos Bay 12 mi Pier 13
Sta. Barbara Humboldt 10 am] Pier 2
Empirp Coos Bay 10 am! Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt S am Pier 1!
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 3 pm Pier S
Gr. Dollar j Grays Harbor I 5 pm Pier 2
November Hi. !
Corona Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena... Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
H'ngkgMaru , China and Japan... 1 pm|PMt3S
Xovewber 17. I
Rar.ta Roea.. i San Diego & Way., 9 am! Pier 11
Walla Walla. Pu#et Sound Ports! 11 am Pier !»
November IS. I
Alliance Portland & Coos B.j 9 anrPier 3
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 am j Pier £
Newport Panama & Way.. .112 m PSISS
i November 10. '
G.W. Elder... 1 Astoria & Portland! 11 am Pier 24
November 20. I
Ramies Hamburg & Way.. l Pier 27
November 21.
Rainier i Seattle & H. What.
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma.!
November 22. :
Urr.atilla Puget Sound Ports ill am | Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
E. Thompson.. | Cocks Inlet & Way |Nov. 13
Cna3. Nelson.. | Skasuay & Way Ports. Nov. la
Dirlfro Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 15
Dolphin i Pkasruav & Way Ports. I Nov. M
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way.. ..[Nov. 25
Dr. Estes Not Prosecuted.
When the case of Dr. W. Burgess
Estes--. charged with misdemeanor em
bezzlement, was called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday Miss Bertha Wadham.
the complaining witness, said that on no
consideration would she see Estes sent
to jail. All she wanted was the return
of her jewelry. The defendant had her
gold watch and a gold fob with him anJ
handed them \o the clerk of the court.
He promised to return the other gold fob
and p. silver chain as soon as he could
find them. The case was then dismissed.
¦ m ¦
MUST MUSTER AT HONOLULU.— The Sec
retary of the Treasury has issued an order re
quiring the masters of American vessels com
ing to this rort from the Orient via Honolulu
to mtsiter tf.eir crews at Honolulu.
WIFE CHARGES
GREAT CRUELTY
Mrs. Mary Laveira Al
leges Husband Bru
tally Beat Her.
Mrs. Mary J. Laveira of San Leandro
is suing her husband, Jose Laveira, for di
vorce on the ground of extreme cruelty.
If the allegations she makes in her com
plaint are true she has endured brutal
treatment enough to drive a dozen women
to suicide. She was married to Laveira in
1554 and has borne him eleven children,
each of whom is now over 21 years of age.
One of her sons is named as a defendant
in the suit she instituted yesterday. The
mother alleges that the father by deeding
to the son property valued at $5000 en
tered into a scheme to defraud her of her
share.
Mrs. Laveira's complaint is a tale of
brutality such as is seldom heard or read
in any divorce court. She commences by
alleging that in the year 1363, while she
was living at Antioch, her husband beat
her with a lariat unril she was so badly
b-L'ised that she was compelled to re
main in bed for several days. A rope was
evidently Laveira'.s favorite weapon, for
in 1865, alleges Mrs. Laveira. he beat her
most cruelly with a rope's end. In lSbti.
she alleges, he came home one night and
beat her to such an extent that she was
compelled to flee to her neighbors for
safety, and in IS6T. still further alleges
Mrs. Laveira, her husband attacked her
again and beat her so cruelly that she
saved her life only by running from the
he use in her night clothes and seeking
itfuge with friends. She remained away,
she alleges, for three days on this occa
sion, but he came after her and after mak
ing numerous promises to mend his ways
prevailed upon her to accompany him
home. Hardly had they reached the house,
she alleges, when he turned upon her,
struck her and kicked her and then pro
ceeded to choke her.
Two months after the birth of one of
her children, in IS6S, alleges the wife of
Laveira. he beat her so brutally that she
was again compelled to flee to her neigh
bor's house, taking her child with her.
He pursued her. she alleges, with, a pistol
and dogs and threatened to kill her unless
she returned to him. She did so, she al
leges, after he had made many promises
of reformation, but he failed to keep them
and a short time after their arrival home
commenced his inhuman treatment.
The Laveiras are wealthy. They are at
present living in Livermore. Mrs. Laveira
alleges in her complaint that In addition
to the property deeded to her son George
by her husband, he possesses $20,000 in
cash on deposit in various banks, farming
implements valued at $2500. mortgages
worth $10,000 and life insurance policies for
$5000. An order of court was issued yes
terday enjoining the father and son from
disposing of any of the property until tha
divorce suit has been decided and her
claim upon the estate determined.
McGettigan and Regensburger Tie.
At the meeting of the Superior Judges
held > esterday two ballots were taken
on the names of Drs. McGettigan and
Regensburger for the position of Lunacy
Commissioner, made vacant by the death
of Dr. Windele. The result at the vote
was a tie. each doctor receiving: the sup
port of six Judges. The selection of the
Commissioner by a vote of 6 to 5 was ther
laid over until the meeting in January^
at which time the vacancy will be filled
and the other members of the commission
will be either reappointed or dismissed.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver hncer. Sterling Exchange steady.
Wheat a fraction lower. Barley dull and weak.
Oats and Corn in ample supply and quiet.
Growers holding Rye over shippers' views.
Hax and Feedstuff s easy,, but no lower.
Beans in heavy receipt and very sensitive.
Potatoes and Onions in shipping demand and firm.
Butter depressed under excessive stocks.
Eggs scarce and firm. Cheese still in good supply.
Rather more steadiness in certain Dried Fruits.
Nuts and Raisins dull. Honey quiet.
Provisions dull and weak, with a decline in barreled goods.
Hops still lifeless. Wool as before quoted.
Beef and Mutton higher. Veal and Lamb firm.
Hogs less depressed, but still easy.
Poultry market in better shape and higher. Game steady.
Fresh Fruits quiet and featureless.
Some weakness in local stocks and bonds.
Prunes and Raisins.
New York mail advices say: "General trade
in dried fruii6 is fairly active. Currants are
in good demand and prices are firm at 5%c
tor Amalias on spot, with it is understood the
came Jisure askt-d for goods to arrive within
a tern days. Domestic raisins show very little
change and are easy, 'ihree-crown loose are
irom 5%tT5%c actually on spot, but
goods to arrive almost any moment are offer
ing at. S\jc. Prunes are in good request and
going out well. Very little interest is taken
in offerings from the coast. Santa Claras be
ing on a 2%c basis. A few cars of Oregon
and itaJiajis have arrived and are selling in
a. smail way at about 6%c lor 40-50s and 5%c
. ted Suitana raisins are re
ported 2c higher per pound in Smyrna and
activity is noted locally."
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of
the weather bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Nearly normal weather conditions have pre
vailed throughout the State during the week,
¦wit:: generally clear, warm days and cool
nights in the interior ana considerable cloudi
cess and logs along the coast. Cooler weatner
commenced toward t-e close of the week and
vat loliowed by generous rains in all sections
Saturday and - adav.
\ ith tin ei.c-ei>t:on of possible injury to
bean* and a lew .ale wine trapes no damage
was dons by the rain, and the benelit to ear.y
n'wn c . am and pasturage will be great, La
some sections early wheat had already made
a. fcuoa start and its condition is undoubtedly
much improved by this rain. Green leed was
needing rain and will now become more abund
ant, iarmers in all sections are engaged in
flowing ana grain sowing, and prospects are
fcood tor a large acreage 01' wneat and barley.
a lair crop 01 corn is being gathered. Po
tatoes are generally o£ good quality, but the
yield is lisiit.
'me raisin crop is all secured and the loss
from rain during the season has been insig
niticant, owing to the timely warnings given.
In some sections the crop is nearly average
and Hie quality is reported superior. Oranges
are oc excellent quality and tne yield will 01:
nearly average. Olive picking and pickling are
in progress. Walnuts are all gathered; the
quality is above average and the yield good.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS— NearIy nor
mal temperature prevailed most of the wees,
with considerable cloudiness and foes. Ram
commenced : ailing Saturday and continued at
intervals Saturday night and Sunday. The
rainlall in San Luis Obispo County to date
txeeecs mat ot last year. Nearly half an inch
of rain fell in Monterey Saturday night. It
is probable that the bean crop has been dam
aged to some extent, but other cro;js were
under cover. Early sown grain and pasturage
were greatly benefited and the soil is in good
condition for plowing and grain sowing. Green
feed is plentiful. Oranges are of excellent
quality and the yield is about average. Prun
ing is progressing.
SACRAJaENiO VALLEY — The weather was
warm and clear most of. the week, becoming
cooler toward the close. Light rain fell
throughout the valley Saturday and Sunday
and was beneneial to all farming interests.
Early sown grain has made a good start and
Is looking well. New grass is growing rapidly
and iced is plentiful. Summer-fallow seeding
is completed in some sections. The soil is now
in excellent condition and plowing is progress
ing. At present the prospect is good for a
large acreage of wheat. Orange picking and
shipping continue; the fruit is reported excel
lent in quality and the yield satisiactory. Tree
pruning is in progress.
SAX JOAQUIN VALLEY— The weather has
been generally clear and warm during the
week, with cool nights and heavy dews. Rain
lell la nearly all sections Saturday night and
Sunday, and was of great benefit to farming
interests. The raisin crop Is all gathered and
undor cover. In some sections there are still
a few late wine praxes on the vines, but they
are being pathered rapidly and sent to the
wineries. Orange picking and shipping con
tinue. Tree pruning is progressing. Early
fowb grain and pasturage were much benefited
liy the rain, and are making good growth.
Plowing arid seedint continue. A good crop
of Egyptian corn is being gathered. In some
sections it is reported that the rain of last
week Injured early grain, causing it to sprout,
but beir.jr insufficient to make healthy growth.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— Weather condi
tions have been about normal during the week.
Rain commenced falling Saturday night and
was funeral throughout the south during Sun
day, the precipitation varying from 0.40 to 1.00
inch. Raisins, hay and grain were all under
cover and the rain caused no damage except
possibly to beans. Orchards and pasturage
were greatly benefited, and in many places the
soil is now in good condition for plowing and
seeding. Walnut picking is completed; the
quality is better than for several years and
the yield about the same as last season. Rais
ins are reported of superior quality and the
yield about average. Citrus fruits continue
thrifty.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY— CIoudy. ; foggy
woather was unfavorable for bean thrashing
end late cro^s. Harvest is not yet finished,
but no reoorts of the effect of the storm just
passed. Plowing and seeding are progressing.
Flr?t sown erair. is coming up.
EUREKA SUMMARY— Same farmers are
tisrveslins their corn crop; yield very light.
Fruit is nearly ail Fathered. Grass Is good
?n<i stock looking finely. Plowing is progress
ins.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 12. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the san» date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Ptatior^ — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 6.78 8.70
Red Bluff 0.00 4.24 3.75
Sacramento 0.00 2.6S 1.52
Pan Francisco 0.00 2.31 2.12
Fresno 0.00 . 1.65 0.49
Independence 0.00 1.03 0.84
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 3.80 1.93
Los Angeles :.... 0.00 2.44 0.26
Ban Diego 0.00 0.75 0.30
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€4; minimum, 50; mean. 57.
THE CUAST RECORD.
¦ is m a 01 y
STATIONS. 3 r3r3 <S £0 "
STATIONS. 9 -=~= < Z £ c 2
2- :=:§ 3 g ;f* a
« ;a;» c. 3 3 £
'. : ; : 2
Astoria 30.06 58 46 SW Cloudy .02
Baker M.24 SO 34 SE Cloudy .00
Carson 30.24 54 24 N Clear 00
Eureka 30.16 SI 38 .... Clear' 00
Fresno 30.12 64 46 KB dear 00
Flagstaff 30.20 50 30 NE Cloudy M
Pocatello, 1dah0.. .30. 34 50 30 SE Clear 00
Independence 30.10 CO 34 NW Clear 00
Los Angeles 30.00 76 48 W Clear 00
Phoenix 80.02 78 46 N Cloudy .01
Portland 30.10 60 a S Cloudy 00
Red Bluff 30.14 €4 42 KB Clear 00
Roseburg 3D. 12 62 36 W Clear .00
Sacramento 29.14 62 44 E Clear 00
Bait Lake 50.36 46 30 W Clear .00
Ban Francisco 30.12 64 50 N Clear .00
Ban Luis 0bi5p0... 30.10 72 44 N Clear 00
fan Diego 30.00 68 E2 NW Clear '(JO
Seattle 30.06 54 50 SE Rain .66
Spokane 30.10 56 24 S Cloudy .00
Neah Bw-.. 29.9S 50 46 E Rain 1.00
Walla Walla. 30.08 68 46 W Pt.Cldy 00
vVicnemucea. 30.24 54 IS N Clear 00
Vuma...; 29.94 78 60 NW Clear .00
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 50 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen steadily over tie
southern half of the Pacific Slope. A moderate
disturbance overlies Washington and heavy
rain is reported at Neah Bay and Port Cres
cent. Another disturbance exists over the
Mexican boundary and rain is reported in
Arizona. A thunderstorm occurred at Phoenix.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in California. Frosts are reported at
Los Angeles, Eureka and Independence.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 13, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, be
coming cloudy at night and probably showers
in northwestern porticn; light northerly wind,
changing to southeasterly.
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Wednesday, probably showers in the moun
tains; ligtit northeast wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; light northerly
wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
becoming cloudy and threatening at night;
light northeast wind, changing to southeasterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE, Professor.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— There v.as rather less
buying demand, and rather more irregularity in
the stock market from the outlet to-day. The
hesitation in the advance crew and turned to
sharp reactions in tije iate dealings. Selling
to take fronts was joined to extensive suoic
lines put out by the bear party on the argu
ment that the rise in prints alter enduring lor
so great a length of time must have made the
market vulnerable to attack, but there still
were persistent points vi strength in the mar
ket, and aunjugn the extreme advances in the
strong stocks were notably curtailed, many of
than have considerable net cam.-? ij show for
the day.
The local traction stocks were conspicuous
examples. in Metropolitan the advance reached
3v» at one time, and in Brooklyn Transit t-%.
while the net trams are 2% for Metropolitan
Street Railway and 1-* for Brooklyn Transit.
The anthracite and soft coal carriers selling
below i.iar also showed continued strength, as
did me iron and steel industrials. The dispo
sition to take attractive urorits as the consid
erable advance in i.rice which has occurred
wa3 emphasized by the expectation that sev
eral millions or gold will go out this week on
Thursday to Paris and on Saturday, probably,
to London, as the rate of sterling exchange
to-day advanced to a point which makes gold
exports to London direct profitable. The
strength of starling here was in spite of earler
money rates both in London and in Berlin and
a relaxation of the Continental pressure upon
London gold. The necessity of a large move
ment of gold from New York at this time of
year calls renewed attention to the extent of
the American borrowings in Europe earlier in
the year with the expectation that our foreign
trade balance would continue so favorable that
these leans could be raid at a profit out of the
abundance of the foreign exchange bills In
New York. The fact that this expectation has
not been realized and that exchange bills are
scarce owing- to the falling ofT in oil export
traae causes some surmise whether the high
prices of stocks reached earlier in this year did
not alto represent undue expectation. In the
present movement more than one stock has
reported a record price and all stocks are un
deniably high-priced. On the other hand the'
extraordinary railroad earnings and trade ac
tivity are naturai incentives to speculation.
To-day's return of gross earnings tor the first
we?k in November show such increases over
last year as 53 per cent for Rio Grande West
ern. 22 per cent for Chicago Great Western, 31
per cent for Canadian Pacific, 17 per cent for
Wabaeh, 15 per cent for Chicago and Eastern
Illinois and 9 per cent for St. Paul. The Gov
ernment (stimate on the corn crop, although
it offered no very unexpected information, re
newed the depressing influence of the heavy
shortage in the crop, and the corn-carrying
railroads in the West and the Southwest were
therefore most acutely affected by the profit
taking. The cut in th? price of susrar espec
ially effected that stock. The market closed
active and weak.
There was another lanre day's business In
bonds, but t!".e Mice movement mi irregular.
Total sales, J5,250,CC0.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 32.500 S3 81% 81%
Atcliison pfd 11.400 102% 101% 101%
Baltimore & Ohio 9,600 1C9% II 1 '- 7 108
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 400 55% 95Vi S"'i
Canadian Pacific 37,300 115% 112% U£%
Canada Southern ' 300 84% 84 83%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,600 48% 17% 47^4
Chicago & Alton 3.C00 38-/fe *!*£ 3 7 > i
Chicago & Alton pfd... 500 78 78 77',.
Chi Ir.d & Louisville... 14,900 4C4 C; 4 47 46' M
Chi Ind & Louisville pfd 2,000 75% 74% 71%
Chi & Eastern Illinois.. 1.200 137 135 136
Chi & Great Western... 9.7C0 27 26% 26
Chi &Gt West A pfd.. 1,000 90% 89% 89%
Chi & Gt West B pfd.. 20t So : «fe 50% SO
Chi & Northwestern 210
Chi Rock Island & P.. 2.900 148% 146% 117
Chi Term & Trans..... 1,100 20% 20% 2a
Chi Term & Trans pfd. 1,200 39 37% 37%
C C C & St Louis 300,100 100% 100 99%
Colorado Southern 100 14% 14 lii a
Colorado South Ist pfd. 700 "56 . 55 55
Colorado South 2d pfd 25%
Delaware & Hudson.... 1,100 173 172% 172%
Delaware Lack & West 23S
Denver & Rio Grande.. 200 47 46% 46
Denver & Rio Grnd pfd 2,400 96% 95 95
Erie 13.200 43% 42% 42%
Erie Ist pfd 34,100 73% 72% 72%
Erie 2d pfd 12.400 55% 58 59%
Great Northern pfd 8.000 200% 199 193%
Hocking Valley 5,200 63 62 61
Hoc'iing Valley pfd .... 4,100 80% 79% 79%
Illinois Central 4.200 • 141% 140% 140%
lowa Central 400 41% 41% 41%
lowa Central pfd .... J8
Lake Erie & Western.. 100 72% 72% 72-
Lake Erie & West pfd 131
Louisville & Nashville.. 1.400 107% 106% 106"«
Manhattan Elevated 37,800 128% 127% 128
Metropolitan Street Ry. 56,100 167% 165 166%
Mexican Central 800 22% 22% 22
Mexican National 2,100 13% 12% 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 100 108% 108% 10S%
Missouri Pacific 9,100 104 .102% 103
Missouri Kansas & Tex. NO 27% 27% 27%
Missouri Kan & Tex pfd 700 54% 54% 54%
New Jersey Central 100 174 174 173
New York Central 8,400 163% 162% 162%
Norfolk & Western 3,300 £8 57% 57%
Norfolk & Western pfd 90%
Northern Pacific pfd.... 4,600 103 ' 102 101
Ontario & Western 15,500 35% 35 34%
Pennsylvania 8,600 147% 146% 140%
Reading 21,500 45% 45 44%
Reading let pfd 9,400 .78% 78 78
Reading 2d pfd 24,600 E6% 55% 55%
St Louis & San Fran... s'/) 60% 49% 49%
St Louis &S F Ist pfd. 300 82 81 80
St Louis &SF 2d pfd.. 800 71% 70% 70%
St Louis Southwestern. 200 30 29% 29%
St Louis Southwest pfd 4,600 62 60% 61
St Paul 34,500 173% 172 172
St Paul pfd :...- : .... 190
Southern Pacific 37,700 62% 61% 61%
Southern - Railway 9,100 34% 83% 33%
Southern Railway pfd.. 3.200 91% 90% 80%
Texas & Pacific 2,100 42 41% 4114
Toledo St Louis & West 200 21 20% 20%
Tol St L & West pfd.. 100 35% 35% 34%
Union Pacific 97.100 108% 106% 106%
Union Pacific pfd 18,800 94% 93 93%
Wabash : 1.600 21% 21 21
Wabash pfd ............. 2,100 39 38 37%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 300 19 18% ir{2
Wheel &LE 2d pfd .... 30%
Wisconsin Central 2,400 22% 22 21%
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 1,800 43% 43 42%
Expi.-ess Companies
Adams , 185'
American ...' 100 195 195 192 v
United States .... 92
Wells Fargo isi
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 87,700 89 R714 87%
Am Car & Foundry 4.300 28% 28 28
Am Car & Fdry pfd.... 1,900 84% 84 84
American Linseed Oil ..'.. 16
Am Linseed Oil pfd 45
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13. 1901.
Am Smelt & Refining... 17,900 46 43% 45%
Am Smelt & Ref pfd... 4,300 95»4 97 97%
Anaconda Mining C 0.... 1,400 35% 35 35
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 37,800 69% 67 68%
Colorado Fuel & 1r0n... 400 94% 94 94*j 8
Consolidated Gas 300 218 216% 217
Cont Tobacco pfd 400 116 115% 115
General Electric 100 259 259 255%
Glucose Sugar 200 40% 40 40%
Hocking Coal 14%
International Paper .... 1,500 21% 21% 21
International Pa^er pfd 800 76% 76% 76%
International Power .... 100 87% 87% 87%
Laclede Gas 100 94 94 92%
National Biscuit 400 42% 42% 42%
National Lead 500 19% 19%, 19
National Salt 32
National Salt pfd 63
North American 700 97% 96 95
Pacific Coast 200 64 63% 64
Pacific Mail 800 49% 48% 47
Peoples Gas 4.400 103% 102% 103%
Pressed Steel Car 3.000 44% 43% 43%
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 3,000 86 84% 89%
Pullman Palace Car 218
Republic Steel 2,100 16% 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 400 69 68% 68%
Sugar 14.500 122% 120% 121
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 4,900 65 63% 63%
T.'nion Bag & P Co 1*
Union Bae & P Co pfd 71%
United States Leather 12%
U S Leather pfd 800 82 81% 81%
United States Rubber.. 100 15% 15% 15%
U S Rubber pfd 100 50 50 B0
United States Sleel 22.400 44% 43% 43%
U S Steel pfd 19,100 93% 93% 93%
Western Union 400 92% 92' i 92
Total shares sold 909,100
CLOSING BONDS.
D S ref 2s. reg....105% L & N unified 45.. 102%
Do ref 2s coup. .H*-)* Mcx Cent 4s 53%
Do 3s, reg 108 1 Do Ist tnc 30%
Do 3s, coupon... 108 iMinn &StL 4s 103%
Do new 4s, reg.l33 M. X & T4s 100%
Do new 4s, coup. 133 Do 2ds S3
Do old 4s, reg.. 112% N V Cent lsts ....107%
Do oid 4s. coup. ll2%| Do gen 3%s 108%
Do ss, reg 108 IN J C gen 5s 130%
Do Ea, c0up0n. ..107 jNor Pac 4s 104%
Atch gen 4s 103 ' Do 3s 72%
Do adj 4s Nor & W con 45.. 102%
Bal & Ohio 4s 103% Head Gen 4s 99%
Do 3%s 96% S L & I M con 55. 116%
Do cony 4s lOSVi S L & S F 4s 95
Can So 2ds W.;, st L So lsts 97%
Central of Ga 55.. 106% Do 2ds SC%
Do Ist mc 73% S A & A Pass 4s. BS%
Ches & O'.iio 4V.5..107H So Pac 4s 95%
Chi A Alton IV4s.. 55% So Railway 6s 120%
C. r. at O new 4s. 98U Tex & Pac L5t5. ..120%
C. M & S P gn4s.Ho% T, Bt I. & W 45.. S3
Chi & N con 75... 185% Union Pac 4s 105%
C, RI & Pac 45... 106% Do cony 4s 108%
C, C C & S L gn45104% Waba<=h lsts US
Chi Term 4s fiv 4 : Do 2ds 11l
Colo So 4s 88% j Do dob B 60%
Den R G 45.... 12 % West Shore 4s ....113
Erie prior lien 4s. 99% W ft L Erie 4s 92
Erie Gin 4s 83 Wls Central 4s ... SB%
F W & D C lsts.. loß ICon Tob 4s 64~i
Hocking Val U45..107%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con IS Little Chief 12
Alice 42 Ontario 9 50
Breece .' 1 f'i' Ophir 75
Brunswick Con 10 Phoenix OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potost 05
Con Cal & Va 1 s"> Savage 05
Deadwood Terr;;... 50 Sierra Nevada OS
Horn Silver 1 l! 0 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 61 Standard 3 85
Leadville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— To prefd 93%
Call loans 3' 2 fo'4 Mining—
Time loans 4 •'/!'•. Adventure 23
Bonds— jAHouez 4%
Atcblson 4s 112 Amal Copper 87%
Gas Ist 78 Baltic 41'-
Cent 4s SO Bingham 2i'l
N E Uaa & Coke.. 52 calumet & Hecla.tr,.-,
Railroads — Centennial 17
Atchison M.. Copper Range 62
Do prefd 101% Dnra Coal 46%
Boston & Albany.2,7 Franklin 18%
Boston & Maine. .ll2 Isle Royale 263%
Boston Elev 165 | Mohawk 42%
NY.N H & H....212 Old Dominion .... 25%
Union Pacific 106% Osceola 99
Mexican Central. .. 21' 2 Parrot 36%
Miscellaneous— :Quincy 15
Amer Pusrar 120\! Santa Fe Copper.. 4.
Amer Tel & Te1. .157 Tamarack 270 "
1) ,m Iron & Steel. 27 Trimountain 44U
General Elect 258% Trinity Jfli^
Ma.-s Elect 35U United States 15%
Do prefd &2% I'tah C 4
N E Gas & Coke.. 4% Victoria 7
United Fruit 89% Winona 2
D S Steel 43% Wolverines 58
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's Ixindon cablegram says: The stock
market to-day was quiet, American shares
waiting settlement for the Northern Pa
cific. They hung around parity and closed
heavy on the dullness of New York, but
finally rallied on the curb, the features being
Erie preferred and Canadian stocks. New York
boogfat the latter freely on the fine traffic re
turns. Paris strongly supported Rio Tintos,
but the reported selling by Senator Clark on
the rise and rumors of anti-trust legislation
by President Roosevelt checked the advance.
Gold to the amount of £50,000 has gone out to
Denmark, £50,000 to South America and £50,000
to Malta. The sum of £17,000 has been en
gaged in Australia. Money is scarce.
CLOSING.
LONDON Nov. 12.— Anaconda, 7%; Atchison,
8f.%; Canadian Pacific, 115%; Denver and Rio
Grande. 45V4 ; do preferred. &BVi ; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 106; Southern Pacific, 63%; Union
Pacific. lOSVi; do preferred, 9r>',4: bar silver
quiet, 26% d per ounce; money, 2VL>'52% per cent.
New York Money Market.
', NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— Money on call, firm,
at 3%!g5 per cent; last loan, 4V&. Prime mer
cantile paper. 4VjSJS per cent. Sterling ex
change,'firm, with actual business in banker.s'
bills at $4 57% for demand and at $4 84Vm for
sixty days. Posted rates, Jl S4 l / ;'ia4 85. Com
mercial bills, $4 SS'ifH 83%. Bar silver, 57fcc
I Mexican dollars, 45Vic. Government bonds,
I steady; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
! irregular.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— T0-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash balance
f17'.5e0,317; gold, $111,465,813.
!
New York Grain and Produce.
i
NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
53,543 barrels; exports, 11,729 barrels. Quiet and
easier with wheat. ' " '
WHEAT— Receipts, 27,850 bushels; exports,
19,945 bushels. Spot, weak. No. 2 red, 82V4e
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79% c elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, BC%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 87% cf. o. b. afloat.
Options were generally weak all day, being
oppressed by active December unloading, easier
cables and large Northwestern receipts. Closed
weak at l@l'/tc net decline. May, 80%@Sl%c,
dosed 80% c; December, 75%@79 15-16 c, closed
?.»¦. c
HOPS—
WOOL— Quiet.
' COFFEE— Spot Rio, weak; No. 7 invoice, 7c;
mild, easy; Cordova, B%®llc. '. Futures opened
Bteady in tone with prices unchanged to 5
points advance and ruled very .irregular dur
ing the session on flurries of covering by
shorts and profit-taking by longs, at one time
being 15 to 20 points higher, then rapidly de
clining until at the close prices were net 5@20
points lower, with the undertone easy. • Cable
news was a trifle better than expected. Total
tales. 91.000 bags. Including: November, 6.75 c;
December, 6. 7C@6.90c: January. 6.70 c; February.
6.80 c; March, 6.95 c; May, 7.15@7.45c; June, 7.40;
July. 7.50@7.55c; September. 7.50iH;7.50c. . -, .
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady. Fair re
fining. 3%c. Refined, easy. No. 6 4.30 c; No.
7, 4.20 c; No. 8, 4.10 c; No. 9, 4.05 c; No. 10, 4c;
No. 11. 3.95 c; No. 12, 3.95 c; No. 13, 3.85 c; No.
14. 3.85 c. ,
BUTTER— 6371 packages; firm.
State dairy. 14(522c; creamery, 16@23%c;' June
creamery. 17%@21%c; factory, 12%@15%c
EGGS— Receipts, 14,832 . packages; strong.
State and Pennsylvania, 26@27c; Western
candled, 21<?i26c; Western uncandled, 20@25c.
The market for evaporated apples was with
out interesting feature to-day. State common
to good. 6@Bc; prime, ;B%c; choice, 9c; fancy
9%@9%c - • .
California dried fruits were dull.
PRUNES— 3%@7c; . , . :
APRICOTS— 8%®13c ; Moorpark, 8(?3)12c
PEACHF-S— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%0.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— 1n the absence of any
definite support the trade of the wheat pit
resolved itself Into a steady decline. Both
Liverpool and Paris cables were lower and
this started the trading with a decline of %@%c
to %@%c for December at 72%<g>72%c. News
from Argentina told of too heavy rains and
on short covering and a light commission
house demand early the indications were that
business would have an upward trend. Al
most immediately, however, a stream of wheat
began coming out and prices sagged rapidly.
Primary receipts were more than double those
of the same day a year ago. Clearances were
small and Bradstreet's reported the world's
visible increase at 3,000,000 bushels. Chicago
stocks were considerably increased and the
stream from the Northwest was unabated.
Then the commission-houses stopped buying
and turned sellers and the only support came
from the pit itself. A quantity was absorbed
to stop the decline but this came out later
and December sold down to 71% c, closing weak,
1%@1%c lower at 71% c.
Corn was heavy, influence of the Government
report on the crop condition being blamed for
much of the weakness. The drain in wheat
added another straw to weaken the market
and December closed at the bottom, weak,
1%®1% lower at 58%@58%c.
Oats showed considerable independence of
other grains though the heavy liquidation had
some influence. December closed easy, %@%c
lower, at 37%@38c.
Provisions were dull and ruled easier. Jan
uary pork closed^ 5c down, lard 2%'goc lower
and ribs 2%c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Aiticles— Open. High. Low. Close.
W*neat No. 2—
November 72% 72% 71% 71%
December 72% 72% 71% 71%
May 76 76% 75 75%
Corn No. 2—2 —
November 58% 58y g 57% 57%
December 5934 59% 55% 58%
May 62% 62% 61% 61%
Oats No. 2—
December 39 39% 35% 38%
May 40% 40% 40 40%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 15 00 15 00 14 92% 14 95
May 15 15 15 20 15 10 15 10
Lard, per 100 lbs—
November 855 855 S 52% 555
December 8 52% 8-55 S 52% 855
January 8 57% 8 57% 855 8 57%
May 870 8 72% 8 67% 870
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 7 67% 770 7 67% 770
May 755 " 785 7 82% 785
Cash quotations wero as follows: Flour, easy:
No. 3 spring wheat, 67@72c; No. 2 red, 73%®
74% c; No. 2 yellow corn, 60%o; No. 2 oats, 40@
40% c; No. 2 white, 42 I .j>@43c; No. 3 white. 42<§'
42% c; No. 2 rye 60c; fair to choice malting
barley, 56(??55%c; No. 1 flaxseed, • $1 47%: No. 1
Northwestern, $1 48% ; prime timothy seed, $6®
6 10; mess pork, par bbl. , $13 SO-5 13 90; lard, per
100 lbs., $S 52@8 55; short ribs" sides (loose),
$7 SC(S7 85; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7V4*?
7Hc; short clear sides (boxed), $S 20<gS 30;
whisky, basis of high wines, ?1 31; clover, con
tract grade, $9 23.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,000 18,000
AVheat, bushels 275.C00 244.000
Corn, bushels 84,000 69,000
Oats, bushels 375.0C0 225,000
Rye. bushels 17,000 1,000
Barley, bushels '.219,000 22,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, 15'522%c: dairy, 13@
19c; cheese, 9Yt r alo%c; eggs firm, 22@22c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— De<\ March.
Opening 5 9% 5 11
Closing 5 9% 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat — ' Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 20 95 22 30
Closing 20 Sj 22 20
Flour-
Opening 26 66 2S 25
Closing 26 50 28 23
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup
plies from the last account: Wheat. United
States and Canada, east of the Rockies, in
creased 2,484,000 bushol.= ; afloat Tor and in Eu
rope, increased 600.000; total supply, increase!
3,d84,0Jii bushels. Corn United Slates and Can
ada, east of the Rockies, decreased £93,000
bushels. Oats. United States and Canada, east
of the Rockies, decreased 753,000 bushels.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6500;
700 Texans and 300 Westerns; slow and heavy;
! good to prime, $6 25® 6 90; poor to medium,
' $3 75@6; stockers and feeders, $2<j?2 25; heifers,
• $1 50<g5; V canners, $I@2 25; bulls. $1 75©4 50;
! calves, $2 50(g8 25; Texas steers. $3 30@4; West
i crn steers, $3 1505.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 45,000; to-morrow, 30,
00; left over, 4500; 10c to loc lower; mixed and
] butchers, $5 \sdta SO; good to choice heavy,
. $5 30@5 S7V4: rough f heavy, $5 30@S 50; light,
! *5 25(>/5 55; bulk of sales $5 45(5f0 65.
I SHEEP— Receipts. 30,000; lambs, 40«:.0c low
; er; sheep, 30<£/40c lower; good to choice weth
• ers. %'A 40<§4 25; fair to choice mixed, t- 70@
'• 3 40; Western sheep, $3<g3 SO; native lambs,
I $2 6004 50; Western lambs, $3@4 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. • JOSEPH. Mo.. Nov. 12.-CATTLE-Re
ceipts, 3600; market steady; natives, $3@5 70;
cows and heifers, $1 2".>.5 10; veals, S-J@6 23.
HOGS— Receipts. 11,800; light and light mixed,
$5 40@5 75; medium and heavy, $5 60@5 85; pigs,
$4@5 23; bulk, $3 55@5 75-. V> ".-..•/ •' .: ¦¦.
SHEEP— Receipts, WTO; lambs, top. $4 60.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 12.— Tin in London was
rather irregular, spot declining ss. while fu-
I tures advanced 15s, closing at £112 5s for the
i former and £107 15s for the latter, without
: much business being done. Locally tin was
strong and decidedly higher, with the range
of spot $25 35@25 50. Urgent demand and lack
j of sellers caused the rise here.
1 Copper steady but quiet at London, with
spot quoted at £03 15s and futures at £64 17s
; 6d. Here the market was dull at $16 83917 for
j lake and $16 37^@16 62^ for casting.
Lead was Js 3d lower at £11 3s 9d at London.
' while the local market was dull and unchanged
at $4 37%.
I Spelter unchanged at $4 SCO"* 33. .
j Iron dull and unchanged. Pigiron warrants,
$9 50® 10 50; No. 1 Northern foundry, $15@16;
No. 2 Southern foundry. $14915; No. 1 Southern
: foundry, $14 60©15 50; No. 1 foundry, soft, %U 30
£«16.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 4os lid and
Mlddlesbpro at 42s 9d..
- \
New York Cotton Market.
r<sr <s _j ' ¦" ¦..
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— The " cotton ' market
I closed easy, 3@7 points up.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Nov. 12.— The demand for wool
this week was entirely satisfactory to dealers
I and quite a large business was done. The
j market for Territory wools is .firm and un
1 changed.- Fine Territory grades are quoted on
i the scoured basis of 45c, with fine medium at
j 40@43c and staple lots at 45@17c. .Quotations:
1 Territory, scoured basis— Montana fine, 13@16c;
scoured. (4946 c; fine medium, lJ'Sinc; scoured,
; 42(!i4V; staple. 16<ff:l7c; scoured. 4'fr/4Sc. Utah,
! Wyoming and Idaho— 13(S>14c; ' scoured,
'• 44045 c; fine medium. 14<B>lBc: scoured, 40@43c;
] staple, J6J4®l6c; scoured,' 43f?46c. Australian,
scoured basis, spot prices Combing sunerflne,
j 70@72c; superfine, 6S@7oc; average, 63@70c v
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 12 —WHEAT— Easy; 57c
for Walla Walla: BSc fcr blue stem.
Cleared— Br'tish bark Ba''fillan, for Queer.s
town, with U5, 517 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 12.— WHBAT— HaM a cent
lower: blue stem, 67% c; club, r.rt : c.
Sailed Nov. 12— Stmr Queen Adelaide, for
Seattle; schr Glendalu. for San Francisco.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. 12. —Clearings, $632,622; bal
ances, $99,800.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON,- Nov. Consols, Cl 15-16; silver.
£o%d; French rentes, . ICOf 80c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 3d, cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss
Cd; I-ingllnh country markets, (inn. :- .
I.IVKKPUOL. Nov. Wheat, quiet: No. 1
standard California, 5s lld@ss ll%d; wheat in
Paris,, quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country m.-nkets, cuiet and steady; weather in
Kii~l*nu, wnfi-ttled. .
COTTON— Ui.liir.ils, . 4%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 S9
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — i2Vi
Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 47 @ 4715
Wheat and Other Grains.
"WHEAT FREIGHTS — Are unchanged at
about 325, at which rate several vessels have
recently been taken. The .chartered wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 69,400,
against 40,135 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged. 25,540 tons, against 8550; on the
way to this port, 192,400 tons, against 137,600.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were weak
and Paris and Liverpool futures were slightly
lower.
Bradstreet's estimated the world's stocks as
follows: East of the Rockies, an increase of
2,484,000 bushels; Europe and afloat, an in
crease of 600,000; total increase, 3,084,000 bush
els.
Chicago waa depressed by foreign cables and
declined l%c. At the opening there was a firm ;
undertone and active trading, but later on the
pit and everybody else seemed full of Wheat,
the commission houses sold heavily and the
market went off, though, it yielded stubbornly.
This market was lower, both as to futures
and shipping grades.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, 98%c@$l; milling,
$1 02%@l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2ooo
ctls. *1 00%; 10,000, $100%; May —looo. $104%;
4000, $1 04%.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 00%:
May— 2ooo, $1 04% ; 4000, $1 04%.
Regular Morning Session— December— Sooo ctls,
9% c; May— l2,ooo, $1 04%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, 99% c;
4000, 9a%cr May— 26,ooo $1 04%.
BARLEY— The market was quoted weak yes
terday and 75c was about the best figure ob
tainable for choice bright Feed. The demand
was slow. There was little doing on call.
Feed, 75c for choice bright, 72%@73%c for
No. 1 and 70@71%c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 77%@8:i%c; Chevalier, 95c@
$1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— lo,ooo ctls,
73c ; December — 2000, 73c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS — The market shows no particular
change, being liberally supplied and quiet,
though there Is more or less business right
along.
Grays, $1 10@l 22%; whites $1 IS-Sl »%; Sur
prise. $1 30@l 32V2 ; black, $l(Sl2o,#nd red,
$1 05@l 17% per ctl for feed and $1 ft@l 2d for
seed.
CORN— The Government report on the condi
tion of the crop, issued Monday, was about
what had been expected, so it cut but littlo
flßiiro. Chicago reported a decline of l%c,
with prices for new advancing in the in
terior.
This market continues dull and unchanged.
Offerings are not large, but they meet with
no attention.
Large yellow is quoted at $1 20<g>l 25; small
round yellow, $1 25@1 30; white, $1 40; Eastern
Corn, nominal.
RYE— Quotable at 72%<??75c per ctl. There is
some demand for shipment, but growers are
generally holding their product over the views
of the shippers.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25(5
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15^3 25:
Oregon, $2 50®2 73 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 73
©3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 ">; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
?4ffi4 25; Buckv.-heat Flour. $4®4 23; Cracked
Wheat, $3 B0; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 SS@S 35;
in sacks. $6 6008; Pearl Barley. $5: Split Peas,
$0; Green Peas, $6 50 per 10") pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran is weak, supplies being liberal, and
Middlings are also easy. The other Feedstuffs
sympathize with the weakness in the raw
trains.
There is less depression in Hay, as receipts
have fallen off somewhat of late, though the
market continues weak.
BRAN— SI7(S-1S per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@2O 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@25; jobbing. $28 50
<7?29: Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn Meal, $31 50
032; Cracked Corn, $32<g32 50; Mixed Feed, $17
(§l3.
HAY— Wheat. $9@ll 50; fancy, $12; Wheat
and Oat. $S@11: Oat, $8©10; Barley and Oat,
$7@9; Alfalfa. $S@10: Clover, $5 50<g7; Volun
teer, $s<gS; Stock. $5(§7 per ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
. The Bean market continues sensitive, and
quotations change with very slight provocation.
Whites are firm and colored steady. The ship
pins orders have not yet been filled. Receipts
continue very large, those yesterday amount
in? to 17.250 sks.
There Is nothing new in needs.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 30(f?2 50; Small White. $3®
3 20; Large White, $2 Cs@2 SO: Pea, $3®3 50:
Pink, il 9092 15; Red, $2 ','~ r 3; Blackeye, %Z 50@
3 65: Limas, $t 60@4 70; Red Kidneys, $3 50@4
;ier ctl. *
SEEDS— Brown . Mustard, $3<!?3 15; Yellow
Mustard, $3 26©3 40: Flax, $2 6503 25; Canary,
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, S^c;
Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp. 3^>c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 vet ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions continue firm, as will
be seen by the quotations. Onions are a short
crop all over the United States, and are wanted
for shipment. There is also a shipping de
mand for . Potatoes, and arrivals go out about
as fast as they come in. .• - • ¦-¦ t • . . -
¦ Vegetables are featureless. Hubbard Squash
is still lower. There are a good many poor Chile
Peppers going as low as 25c per box. Beans
are firm.
POTATOES— 6C(?iSSc for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 50; Oregon
Burbanks. $1 20<7;1 40; River Reds, $1 40;
Sweets, for Rivers and 70<SS0c for Merced.
ONIONS— ? 1 35151 65 per ctl; Oregons are held
at $1 75: Pickle Onions, 60@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES- Green Peas, l@3c; Los An
geles do, 6c: String Beans, 3<S4c; Limas, 2'2@
3>,».c; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes, from
Afameda.. 4C@'ssc : Dried Peppers, WaW 2 c:
Green Okra, 30(@SOc per box: Carrots, 23@35c
per sack; Cucumbers, 50@65c; Pickles, 2M,«a3c
per lb for small and K&l'/ic for -large; Garlic,
l\i(i?2%c; Green Peppers, 40(f?50c per box " for
Chile and 40© 50 c for Bell; Egg Plant, 50@60c
per box; Summer Squash. $I@l 25; Marrowfat
Squash, $7@S per ton; Hubbard Squash, $B@lo.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in, making
three thus far this week. Owing t» the ex
tremely light , arrivals of domestic" fowl the
market was In good shape, and Hens and
young stock showed a general advance.
Receipts of Game were 135 eUs. The market
was about as before.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16@18c; Live
Turkeys, 14(g13c for Gobblers and 14@15c for I
Hrns; Geese, per pair, $1 25©1 50; Goslings, j
$l'so@l 75; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, S4fiTs: young Roosters, $4@4 50;
old Roosters, $4:34 50; Fryers. $3 50@4; Broil
ers, $3 5C@4 for large and $3@3 50 for small:
Pigeons, ?101 25 per dozen for old and $1 50©
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— per dozen. $1; Hare, Jl 25#1 50:
Rabbits, $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, f3'</4: Canvasback, $3@5; Sprig, $2 50®
3; Teal, $2.f?2 50; Widgeon, $1 50: Small Ducks,
U 50; Black Jacks, $1 25; English Snipe, «2;
Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese. $3 50@4; White
Geese, $I@l 25; Brant. $1 25@1 50 per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Butter market continues depressed under
excessive stocks, and the commission houses
nave instructed their salesmen to sell the
goods. The tendency in prices is downward.
Supplies of Cheese continue free, and the
market is still quiet,
No further advance in Eggs is reported.
There is !sss snap to the n-.arket, as the sharp
advance bos cut down the demand. Fancy
ranch, however, still go off readily at 43c, and
occasional sales at 45c are reported.
Receipts were 21,100 pounds of Butter. — —
pounds of Eastern Butter, 496 cases of Eggs,
VS cases of Eastern Eggs, 10,900 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 26«r27c per lb for fancy
and 21'?24c for seconds: dairy. 17 1 /iSJ23c; store
Butter, 15(!717c per lb; Creamery Tub, 21*f22 1 -c;
Pickled Roll. lS@l9c; Keg. 18!gl9c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12c; Old, lie; Young Ameri
ca 12';.'f(13c per lb: Eastern. 13<i?15c.
EGGS— Ranch, 42W43c for selected large, 40(3
41c for good to choice and 37^39c for fair:
stern, 30c per dozen; cold storage 20<527 1 ,ac;
Eastern. 13S27Vic
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Quinces are in lighter supply, but there is
very little call for them. Apples and Pears
show no change.
Grapes in small boxes were quoted higher,
but the shipping demand was light, and the
market failed to clean up. Large boxes wero
weaker at 75c@Jl 25. Left-over and poor fresh
stock sold at 25@30c per small box. Good
sound Grapes are quoted below.
There are some Cranberries from the last
shipment still unsold, but the market is firmly
held.
There is no change in Oranges, Lemons or
Limes, the market being quiet. Grape fruit
is doing better.
Arrivals of Berries are scattering and the
season is almost over.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— SI@I 25 per box for extra. 50@S5e
for good to choice and 25igH5Oc for ordinary;
Lady Apples from Oregon. $2.
POMEGRANATES— 7Sc@SI per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellis, $I@l 25 per box; com
mon, 50*; 1 5c.
QUINCES — 4CSSOC per box.
PERSIMMONS— 6Oc<g|I per box.
STRAWBERRIES— ?9@I2 per chest for Long
worths and for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— SS®6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— S6@B per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
HUCKLEBERRIES— S@7c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Cape Cod, $10 50@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $3 per box.
FIGS — Black. 65<g75c for single and $1 25@1 35
for double layer boxes.
GRAPES— Verdels, 35@60c per box and crate;
Tokay, 30@75c: Isabellas. 75cW$l; Muscat, 50@
75c: Black, 35tf?65c; Cornichons, 40@75c.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $l(g"2 for com
mon, $2 50@3 for good to choice and $3 25@3 50
for fancy; new Navels, $2 50<g3 50; Seedlings,
$1 25@2 25: Tangerines, $1 50; Lemons, 90c(S$l 50
for common and $2<S2 75 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit, $1 50<jp 50; Mexican Limes, ?4@
4 50; Bananas. $1 75@3 per bunch for New Or
leans and $I@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
While all dealers continue to quote a dull
market, there is leas stagnation and depression
than a fortnight ago. Prunes are offering at
low prices In the West, but the New York
market is showing more demand and steadi
ness The local situation continues quiet.
Raisins are also dull and featureless. Peaches,
Pears and Apricots are very quiet, but holders
are not shading prices to sell. Evaporated
Apples are higher again and firm at the ad
vance, while pitted Plums are also higher and
cleaning up Nuts are dull, and some out
siderTaYe letting Walnuts go under the asso
ciation prices. There is no activity nor change
'"speaktng generally, dealers say that we are
doing the average business for this time of
the year, and there is an impression that it is
Sl TOriT&-Apricots, 7 S*c for Royals and 8@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 6%@Sc; sun-dried. f%@ 4 *£;
Peaches. 5<?17%c: Pears. 4@Sc: Plums pnt»d, 4%
©6c: unpltted, l@2c; Nectarines. afgoVsC for red
and 5%rd6%c for white: Figs. 3@3^c for black.
PRUNES— crop are quoted as follows.
30-tO-s, 5V 4 '35%c: 40-50's. 4%@5c; 50-6O"s 41 *@
4%c- 60-70- s. 3%*i4c: 70-SO's. 3%@314c; SO-90 2%
@3c; 90-100's. 2V32%e Per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial, $3: Dehesa. $2 30; fancy $17.: 4
crown. $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown
$1 20- two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Four-crown. 4%c: three
crown flic; two-crown. 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c: Thompson
Seedless, 6Ue; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, BV4c;
choice 7V-c"; standard, 6%c; prime. 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c Bleached Thompsons —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice 9c; stan
dard. 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded. bVic.
choice seeded. 5%c. ) ,
Chestnuts. S^l2%c; Walnuta. No. 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2, 7%c; No. 1 hardshsell ,9c:
No 2 7c; Almonds, 13(514c for papershell. 10®
lie for softshell and s@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts 5«7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12Vjc;
Filberts. 12'f12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50(35
HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
l%c for light amber; water white extracted.
s@6c: light amber extracted. 4®sc; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 25<g2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was lower again, after advancing
slightly for several days. Receipts of Hogs
showed an increase, and wires to Bolton, de
Ruyter & Co. yesterday said that the pre
dicted large movement in Hogs, so long ex
pected, had set in.
This market was weak and dull at the de
cline of Monday. Baireled Beef and Pork and
Smoked Beef are also lower, and the feeling
is one of dullness and weakness all around.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, HUe per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14% c for sugar-cured.
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams Wfcc; Mess Beef $10010 3* P^r barrel;
extra Mess, $11©11 50; Family, $12^12 50: prime
Mess Pork. $15; extra clear. $2.2 Wii23; Mess,
$18 "•'¦(Hi; Smoked Bee:", 13%<g14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, qooted at i-c per lb for
compound and 10V>c tor pure: half-barrels,
pure, M%e; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins. IHfcc
roTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10% c: three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c: five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool remains about as before quoted, both
fine and coarse grades going off very well,
while there is little doing in defective. Moun
tain fall is lc lower.
Hops remain as before. Buyers would take
hold at ll&c, but growers will not sell at this
figure, hence the market continues dull.
Hides shew some changes. The market con
tinues in good shape for sellers.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about l'^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, HSll^c; medium, 10@10^jc; light, 9c;
Cow Hides, '•'•„¦'¦ for heavy and 9c for light:
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 10c:
Salted Calf 10c; Dry Hides, He; Culls. l>c; Dry
Kip. 14@loc: Dry Calf. 18(8 19c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; sheepskins, shearlings. 15<P300
each; short Wool, 40<@S0c each; medium, SOS*
75c; long Wool, Socßsl 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 50®2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for me
dium. $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 3Cc; winter or thin skins. 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
50c: medium, 3-3 c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c; No. 1 rendered, K|
5%c per lb: No. 2. 4*?4%c: grease, 3~.
WOOL— Spring. 1000 to 1901— Southern, defec
tive, 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine. 13r<J
15c: do. medium and coarse, 11313 c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, HifJlCc; do, fair to good, Sty
lie: Nevada, lCSlic.
Fall— San Joaquin, 6V2@B^c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7>4@9c: Middle County, 8310 c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9@loc; do. defective, B@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@l2c per lb.
HOPS— for fair and H@l3c per ib for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef has gone up a little, as usual at this
time of the year, when arrivals fall off. Veal
is firmer, but no higher. Mutton Is Vie up
and firm. There is no change In Lamb. There
is less weakness in Hogs, but the market Is
still sufficiently supplied and by no means
firm.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as Hows:
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and s@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@Sc; small. B@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6^@7c per
pound.
LAMB— 7«Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs, 5%c;
under ISO lbs, S^iSo^c; sows, 20 per cent off.
boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
T%©B%c.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%©Sc; Fruit Bags, 5%^
6%c for cotton and 7©7% c for jute.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples, $1 0.-.tfii 45; Apricots, $I@l 50; Peaches, yel
low, $1 20©l 65; do. Lemon Cling. $1 3001 75-
Bartlett Pears. $1 i-Vai 75; Plums, 90c@$l 25:
Nectarines. tlill 50; Muscat Grapes, 95c@$l 33,
Quinces, $1 10@l 55; Strawberies, Si 30@l 75;
Blackberries. $1 3C@l 60.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. J6 50; Bryant. $6 50,
Coos Bar. $5 50: WailsenTJ, $9; Co-operative
Wallspnd. $3; Cumberland, *12 in bulk and $13 23
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $1" in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
*8 45 per 2COO lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand.
CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 16c per lb;
Sisal size, ll%c; Bale Rope. ll@ll%c; Duplex.
10% c. Terms, 60 days, or 1' per cent cash
disccunt. Lots of 10.000 lbs, lc less.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, per lb. 4%c;
cases, regular, ."c ; cases, extra large, 5%c;
cases. Eastern style, Be; Boneless, 60; "Nor
way,'." 6%c; "Narrow Gauge," 6%c; "Silver
King." 7c; Blocks. 6%@7c;- Tablets. 71-.-.7 1 -.-.
Middles. "Golden State." 7c; Middles. "White
Seal," 8c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless. 9c; 2-lb
boxes. Fancy Boneless, 7'- 2 'SBc; Desiccated, per
dozen, 75c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7;
Pickled Cod half-barrels, each. $4.
COFFEE— Ccsta Rica— l3%<Sl4c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 11512% c for prime
washed; 91t69%e for good washed; 9%<512%c for
good to prime -washed pea berry; 9@3%c for
fair to prime peaberry: 8%©9% c for good to
prime; 7%<i?S%c for fair; 5%@6%c for common
to ordinary.
Salvador— ll%@l2%c for strictly prime
washed; 9(ffllc for good to prime washed; S@
S%c for fair washed: 10®ll%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; B%@9c for good to prime
semi-washed; . B%@9c for superior unwashed:
BgB%C for good green unwashed; B%@Dc for
good to superior unwashed peaberry; 5%©6% c
for common to ordinary. '¦
Nicaragua— ll@l3c for prime to fancy washed;
B%<ftloc for fair to strictly good washed: 7%@
S%c for good to superior unwashed; B%@9c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— ll^@l4c for prime
to fancy washed: 9® 10c for strictly good
washed: B%<g9c for good washed; 7%RS*4c for
fair washed: 6%67%c for medium; 5%@5%c for
inferior to ordinary: 9@10%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; B©9c for good to prime un
washed peaberry; 7%@8%c for good to superior
unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy. 29«02e; extra heavy
30@40c per lb: medium. 27®29c; light. 24«26c :
Rough Leather. 25@2Sc; Harness Leather'
heavy 33® 39c for No. 1 and 30f?33c for No 2-
Harness Leather medium. 30@37c; Harness
Leather, light. 29®30c: Skirting. No. 1, 40^42c-
No. 2, 36@38c; Collar Leather, 15® 16c per foot :
Trace Leather, 40@44c; Kip. unfinished, IOOLUI
per lb; Veal, finished. 165?17c per foct' Belt
Knife Splits. ll@16c; Rough Splits. B©loc
per lb.
TANB ARK— Ground. $26@CS per ton; Stick
$16<W18 per cord.
OlLS— California Castor Oil. in cases. No 1
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled'
74c: raw. 72c; cases. 5c more; Lucol 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. Me-
China Nut, 1 72 c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot"
in barrels. We; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure 600'
Whale Oil. natural white. 40@45c per gallon :
Fish Oil. barrels, 37% c; cases. 42% c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63% c for Ceylon and 58% c for Aus
tralian.
COAL OlL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk
13%e: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c: Astral. 20c; Star'
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene *-> -
deodorized store Gasoline, in bulk, 15c- in
cases. 21M;c; Benzine. In bulk. 14c; in cases
20% c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c- in cases'
£6%C. ' '
TURPENTINE— per gallon in cases and
52c In drums and Iron barrels
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead ISi
7%c per lb; White Lead. 6%@7%c. according to
quantity. , -
SALT-H. ;- Hf $24 73 per ton in large sacks
and $25 50 in 5Cs. Liverpool. $21 25*?;; for the
AUCTION SALES
foaTO FORECLOSE LIEN 1^
AGAINST d. McCarthy,
ax auction. .
Thirty head horses; trotters, roadsters. Hun-
garian, and some polo ponies.
THURSDAY, at 10 a. m.
Mascot Livery Stables 1108-110S Golden Gate
avenue By order W . VV . CHASE CO.
avenue, ay oraer^ V/ATKINS> Auctions—.
AUCTION SALE *a»
At ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth rt.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 13. at 11 a. m., I will
sell 30 Head of Horses and Mares.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer
best and $17 50@20 for lower grades. Higgins'.
Ks\xVeß-*4S 50^47^ per flask for to-
C %r<Tvß— The" Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: .
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. .We: Pow
dered. 4.75 c; Candy Granulated. 4.7ac. Dry
Granulated. 4.86 c; Confectioners A. 460 c Fruit
Granulated, 4.63 c; Beet Granulated UOO-lb bags
only). 4.45 c; Magnolia A. 4.20 c; Extra C. 4.10 c;
Golden C, 4.05 c; D. 3.95 c: barrels. 10c more
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: qO-!d
bags. 10c more- No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos, ha.i
barrels. 5.15 c: boxes, 5.40 c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more than 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
LUMBER- Retail prices are as follow*: Pine,
ordinary size. $IS@l9 50; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood. $19« 20: Lath. 4 feet. $3 90<94; Pick
ets $19: Shingles. $2 for No. 1 and $1 75 for No.
2; Shakes, $13 for split and $14 for sawn; Rus
tic. $25<@31. •:.-,. :••:¦¦
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 12.
Flour qr sks 14.341 Shorts, ska »
Wheat, ctls 33,075 Wool, sks W
Barley ctls 4.540 Wine, gals K,m
Sugar ctls 3,7<w Brandy, gals ...
Tallow, ctla 235 Leather, rolls .. 115
Corn, ctls 75 Quicksilver, flsks 51
Beans, sks 17.28H Raisins, bxs 222
Potatoes sks ... 2.284 Lime, bbls 27:5
Onions, ska 490 Chicory, bbls .... 30
Bran, sks 557 Hides, No 99«
Middlings, ska .. 153 Pelts, bdls 478
Hay, tons 371
STOCK MARKET.
There was more weakness on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange than for some
time. Market-st. R. R. sold oft to $84@83, quit*
a decline from previous quotations, though no
body seemed to have any definite reas
the decline. Giant Powder, which h<i_,
lately considered a good purchase, was alw»
lower at $81QS0, and Alaska, to which the same
remark applies, fell to $151%. Contra Costa
Water alone was firmer at $76, though this
quotation is several points below last week's
quotations. Sixty shares of California-st. R. R.
sold at fV2o.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
In the afternoon Giant Powder waa still
lower at $79^:73%. Paauhau Sugar sold down
to $13 and Makaweli to $27.
Cn the Oil Exchange there were sales of
10,i500 shares of Petroleum Center at 6@3c, fall
ing figures.
Equitable Gas has levied an assessment of
25c. amounting to $31,750. for the purpose of
making extensions.
The f.-.llowing were ex-dividend: Alaska
Packers. 75c. or $3fi,oCO, November 12; Senator
Oil. lc, November 11.
Home Oil has declared a dividend of 7%c.
payable on the 20th.
The McKittrick Oil assessment of lc fell
delinquent yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Nov. 12—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
43 quar coup.. 112*8113 4s qr cp (new). 139 13S-i
4s quar reg — 112%113 3s quar c0up.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 05.107 — Oceanic SS 55. 103% —
Cal-st 5s 117% — Omnibus C 63.129 V* —
ICC Water 55.. — 112 Pac G Imp 43. 95 —
1 Ed L& P -is... — — Pk &C H 63.. - li:Ui
; Fer & Cl H 6s. — 123 Pk & O R 65. .121 —
. Geary-st 55.... — 100 Powll-st R 63.118*4 —
HC & S 5%5. — — Sac EG R ss. 94%100
Do 5s 99%— SF & SJV 53.123 —
Los Ang R ss. 117 VIS 1 ! Sierra Cal 63.. — —
L A Light 65. .101% — SP of Ariz 6a
Do gntd .100 — (1909) 11?% —
Do gntd 55. .102 103 (1910) 114% —
LA & P 55.. ..102% — S Pof Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 53.101 103 (1305) Ser A.107% —
* Mkt-st Cab 63.127%125*i (1903), Ser 8.109 109*4
Do 1 c m 53.122% — (1908) 110% —
N R of Cal 65.112%113 (1912) ,119% —
Do 53 121%122% S P of Cal Ist
I Nor Pac C 55.107%107% c =rntd 5a.... 109 —
: Nor Cal R ss. 11" — SP Br Cal 65.134»i —
; Oak Gas 55.... 112 — S V Water 63.111^111%
; Oak Trans .125 — Do 4s 103 —
Do Ist c 55...111%113 Do 4s, 3d m.. — 102%
: Oak Wat g 55. 104 — Stktn Gas 65.. — 103%
WATER STOCKS.
! Contra Costa.. 76 77 Port Costa.... 63% 66
Marin County. 53 — | Spring Valley. — 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
, Cent L. & P... 2% — Pacific Light.. 41 —
Equitable 3% — Sacramento ... 25 —
Mutual 4% .V-i FG & E.... 44 44%
Oakland 50' 51% San Francisco. 5 —
Pac Gas Imp. 40% 41 1 Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 240 — I
BANKS.
I AnKlo-Cal .... 77% 73 LP & A 180 170
California ....406 403 Mer Ex (liq).. IS 31%,
Cal Safe Dep..109% — S F National. .l3o —
First National. 316 — 1
SAVINGS BANKS.
1 German 1900 — Say & Loan... — 90
Humboldt — — Security Say.. 350
Mutual Say... 63 — 1 Union Trust.. 1800 —
S F Say U 523 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....135 — OS L & H.... 40 —
1 Geary — 50 Presidio 3244 —
Market 32% — !
POWDER.
Giant 81 82 Vigorit 4%, 4%
SUGAR.
! Hana — 0 Kllauea 11% 12
Hawaiian 33 — Makaweli 26% —
Honokaa 12% 13 v Onomea 24V 4—4 —
Hutchinson ... 14 16 Paauhau 12% 13%
MISCELLANEOUS.
'. Alaska Pack.. — Oceanic 3 Co.. — 48
Cal Fruit Asn. 98 100 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 89 90 [Pac C Borax.. 165 —
; Mer Exchng...llO — iPar .Paint 16 —
Morninc Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association 151 23
60 California-street Railroad l: 00
15 Contra Costa Water 76 00
65 Giant Powder Con 81 'XI
10 Giant Powder Con 80 50
25 Giant Powder Con 80 00
$3,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 53 99 87%
i $5,000 Los Anseles Ry 5s bonds US 00
50 Market-street Railway 84 00
25 Market-street Railway S3 oft
! $4,000 Market-st R R con 5s bonds 123 00
50 Pacific Cor.st Borax 163 00
6 Pacific Gas Imp 40 50
50 S F Gaa & Electric Co 44 00
$4,000 S V of Arizona (1910) 114 50
Street—
10 Bank of California , 408 no
$10, COO Oakland Transit Co 6s 125 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— . ,
10 Alaska Packers' Association 131 25
15 California Wine Association 89 00
15 Giant Powder Con 79 00
10 Giant Powder Con 79 ;.n
50 Makawell ; 27 OH
$5,000 Market-st Ry Ist con os ....123 PO
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 37%
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp 40 CO
Street—
20 Contra Costa Water 78 H
1 $5,(H)0 Los Anjeles Ry 5a bonds I'\ 00
'. $5,000 Spring Valley 4s bonds (3d mtge).lo3 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board
100 Bay City 25
100 Caribou 7(5
1000 Monarch of Arizona 22
300 Petroleum Center » an
200 Sterling ..: '. 120
50 Thirty-three 3 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
130 Bay City ..„ js
1500 Four 42
100 Home, a 30... 3411
10CO Junction, a 90 „... 27
200 Monarch of Arizona, b 60- 23
300 Petroleum Center cs
6000 Petroleum Center «5
WOO Petroleum Center, a 90 04
200 Petroleum Center 04
100 Petroleum Center 03
300 Twenty-eight 1 60
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the .sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher ...;.... Co 100 Mexican v,
EM Best & Belcher 16 100 Ophtr """ 7>
100 Best & Belcher IS 500 Ophir 7>
200 Con Cal & Va. 1 60 200 Sierra Nevada" 10
9m Con Cn.l & Va. 1 ST. 300 Silver Hill . ' 33
100 Hale & Norcrs H
Afternoon Session.
100 Best A Belcher M IPO Ophlr 78
ICO Caledonia ... 2.1 200 Sierra Nevada! 09
M 6 ncailva:lfo^^^^ ""
50 Con Cal & Va. I ¦ "*
Continued on Paga Eleven.JOHN CONDON
TO WINTER HERE
Is the Most Striking
Figure in Illinois
Politics.
Controls the Racing Situation
in the Great Lake
City.
John Condon, the most striking figure
a] world of Illinois, will
ber in California. Mr. Con
who is a large stockholder in tha
Key Club, has lease!
.and and is due here wit a
r 15.
; • mendous power.
here the laws forbid bel
.^cing he owns and oper
betting is done
: • rence from the peace of
is the Harlem track in Chi
part owner of the Worth
minutes' ride from
owns Lakeside track
line in Indiana, where betting
<_d by statute.
\ho is about 50 years ot
. eg have lost none of
. and men have car
nversations with him
his terrible affliction.
s to look directly
with whom he is speaking.
For s been the
¦•¦tor in Chicago politics
big blind boss of the great city
In all this time he has pa-
ge of any legislation
i at curtailing racing.
Mr. Condon will not be interested in
- at Oakland. He is not an
bettor. His visit i? more for
aion and to escape the rigors of th»
m winter than for business reasons.
JUTXJE HUNT OVERRULES
SCHOOL BOARD DEMURRER
vourt Says Charges Preferred Against
Mies Jean Dwyer Are Trifling
and Frivolous.
The derr I by the Boar«l
rf Education to the petition of Hsi
Jean A. Dwyer for a writ of prohibition
Utail the board from proceeding
Rith the trial of Miss Dwyer, charged
with n ungovernable ter
n: Hurley, principal of the
nan Primary School, was overruled
dge Hunt yesterday. In the decis
• • ndered by Judge Hunt the court
mere circumstance that & principal may
c the temper of a teacher will not
or removal of such ttucher
lent, otherwise teachers mfght
the prounrt that their mood
be principal, either
able. The mere circum
icher of the department may
anger or quick to wrath in
i-.nafement of the pupils does not of it
•eacher incompetent to fill the
r. : »nd much less doe? it "ur.pro
r immoral conduct" within the
'ns: of the law.
.c so-called protest in part
•he board to determine the private
:>etween the petitioner and an asso
v hich matter the board
ran have no possible concern. It seen -
that rained in the co-called
-:ead of presenting statutory grounds
moval, are trifling
THOMPSON HEXD ON
CHARGE OF ROBBERY
Prosecution Rests in the Case of Al
bert R. Davis and Daniel
Kelly.
Robert Thompson, alias Dooley. was
-wer before the Superior Court
•>rday on the charge
¦ ' nds. The evidence
was strong against him.
rday afternoon. November 2. James
a farmer of Brentwood. Contra
"hompson at Poisons
and asked him it he
could direct him to the office of EL v.v '.
.ndertaker. They had a cVink
her. and Thompson took the old
r into a doorway, shut the door,
k h:m on the head and robbed him of
J. W. Cramer, 1104 Market street, who
- :.g past in his wage:.
g 'lie place and heai'i
. he had been robbed. He
Thompson in his wagon
met an officer and Thompson was
. • in Bt. When searc'r
I on him ;- ¦ gold i ie< c
wse fcund in the doorway. Thorn; -
-iraUan.
- of Albert R. Davis and Daniel
rged with robbing Jacob E. S.
¦d man. of W8 on O
ard by Judge Mogan y<=s-
The prosecution rested after
•rr.ng case and the defense
. rd to-morrow.
HON. R. M. DAGGETT IS
SUMMONED BY DEATH
Was Formerly Congressman From
Nevada, Where He Lived for
Many Years.
R. M. Daggett. formerly editor of the
Virginia Enterprise of Virginia City,
\ ev , and ex-Congressman from that
State, died in this city yesterday.
Ex-Congressman Daggett lived for
many years in Nevada and was promi
nent" in political life there for many
years. He was in his seventy-first year
at the time of his death, and for some
time had resided in San Francisco with
members of his family. He was the father
cf Mrs. Rose Campbell of Santa Rosa and
r.r w« p Roelofpz of this city.
Caueht in a Gear Chain.
Thomas Beardon, a workman employed
y Reduction Works, wai
p geai
d wound of
ape from death
POSTUM CEREAL.
BAD DREAMS ¦ '
Caused by Coffee.
"I have been a coffee drinker, more or
less, ever since I can remember, until a
few months ago I became mote and more
nervous and irritable and finally I could
not sleep at night for I was horribly dis-
turbed by dreams of all sorts and a species
1 cf distressing nightmare.
•* "Finally, after hearing the experience of
numbers of friends who had quit coffee
and gone to drinking Postum Food Cof-
fee, and learning of the great benefits
they had derived. I concluded coffee must
be the cause. of my trouble, so I got some
Postum Food Coffee and had it made
strictly according to directions.
"I was astonished at the flavor and
taste. It entirely took the place of coffee
ar.d to my very great satisfaction I began
to sleep peacefully and sweetly. My nerves
improved, and I wish I could warn every
mar;, woman and child from the unwhole-
some drug, ordinary coffee.
"People really do not appreciate or
realize what a powerful drug it i* and
what terrible effect it has on the human
system. If they did, hardly a pound of
It would be sold. I would never think of
going back to coffee again. I would al-
most as Boon think of putting my hand
Into fire after I had once been burned.
"A young lady friend of ours had
etomach trouble for a long time and could
not get well as long as she used coffee.
xShe finally quit coffee and began the use
•4L t Postum Food Coffee and is now per-
fectly welL Yours for health. Don't pub-
lish my name." . Herington, Kans.
Name given by Postum Cereal Co., Ltd.,
Battle Creek. Mich.
RATHBUN TELLS
STRANGE STORY
Admits That He Planned
to Defraud Insurance
Company.
Prisoner Denies That He Is
Responsible for Good
* man's Death.
• -
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 12.— Newell C.
Rathbun, who, according to the police,
has confessed that he planned to defraud
an insurance company out of $4000 by pre
tending that a corpse shipped to Little
Rock was his own dead body, to-day ad
mitted, according to the authorities, that
the man who accompanied him to the
hotel in Jeffersonville, lnd., and was
found dead the next day was Charles
Goodman, v.ho is said to have come from
Evansville, lnd.
Colonel John D. Rodman, United States
recruiting officer here, notified Chief Sul
livan to-day that no requisition will be
necessary tor the return of Rathbun to
Jeffersonville, lnd. He says Rathbun is
now a Federal prisoner, charged with de
¦ertlon, and will, as soon as he can com
municate with Washington, have the pris
oner turned over.
The Jeffersonville authorities will make
a claim for the custody of Rathbun on
a charge of murder. Rathbun *aid to
Chief of Detectives Sullivan:
"1 admit everything except that I killed
Goodman. I meant to kill him and kept
him drunk for that purpose, but he died
of alcoholism and 1 was not forced to
make way with him. My story about an
accomplice named Blanchard was ficti
tious. 1 acted alone and without a con
federate."
Goodman Was of a Roving Nature.
It is said that Goodman, who was of a
roving nature, came to this city October
19 and took up quarters with the Salva
tion Army. He repeatedly told the clerk
that he did not have any money and did
not know how he would get out of the
eit;-.
The clerk, J. C. Pelton, says that about
last Wednesday Goodman entered the
hotel and remarked he had met "an easy
mark' who had given him a quarter. "I
have got an engagement with him at 8
o'clock to-night and he is going to show
me how to make some money," continued
Goodman.
Shortly before 8 o'clock, Pelton says, he
saw Goodman meet a man answering the
description of Rathbun in front of the
hotel. Detective Donohue followed the
clew and found that two men who
answer the description of Rathbun and
Goodman appeared in the Falls City
Hotel in Jeffersonville about 8 o'clock.
Rathbun registered for both and they
were assigned to different rooms.
In about half an hour they reappeared
in the office and the clerk says that the
man whom Rathbun had said was Ten
eyke had on a different coat and vest than
when he went to the room. He had also
added a collar to his attire. The two left
the hotel, saying they would return.
More Evidence Against the Prisoner.
According to Pelton's story Goodman
returned to the Salvation Army Hotel
shortly after 9 o'clock with a new coat
and vest en and also a collar and neck
tie. Pelton says he joked him about the
change in his appearance and Goodman
said he had got the clothes from an "easy
mark" he had met in the morning. Good
man told Pelton to check him off. as he
was going to spend the night in Indiana
with his friend. Goodman went in a short
time and has not been seen at the hotel
since.
The Jeffersonville Coroner to-day iden
tified a pair of trousers found in Rath
bun's grip as being of a suit the coat and
vest of which were on the corpse found
at the Falls City Hotel.
The Louisville detectives to-day received
telegrams from the Chief of Police at
Little Rock giving an exhaustive descrip
tion of the eorose forwarded from Jef
fersonville a? that of Rathfcun. In almost
every particular the description tallies
with that of Goodman.
FUNERAL OF DEAD CHIEF
OCCURS THIS MORNING
Remains of Late William P. Sulliv?.n
Jr. Will Be Interred With
Unusual Honors.
The funeral of the late Chief of Police
William P. Sullivan Jr. will take place
this morning from the family residence,
:itral avenue, and will be of a pub
lic character.
The funeral cortege will move from the
residence of the late Chief at 9:45 a. m.
sharp. It will consist of the* First Regi
ment of the National Guard, with the
band and colors; the League of the Cross
field and staff officers. Mayor Phelan and
the Board of Supervisors and represent
atives of various branches of the city
government and the mounted police atul
the police battalions of the city, with
their colors.
To the published list of pallbearers
acting Chief of Police Wittman yesterday
added the names of Arthur Williams, who
was an aid to the late Chief when he
commanded the First Regiment of tlic
National Guard, and George B. Hazen,
representing the United States Secret
Service Department.
The veterans of the National Guard yes
terday requested that they be permitted
to take part in the obsequies of the dead
Chief, and they were assigned to a posi
tion in the funeral procession.
The various military and civic bodies
will form on the streets facing the resi
dence of the late Chief of Palice and the
procession will travel to St. Agnes
f'hurch on Masonic avenue, where the
services will be held. The cortege will
then proceed to Holy Cross Cemetery,
where the intc-rment Will take place.
DEPARTMENT COMMANDER
ORDERED TO WASHINGTON
Humors Current in Military Circles of
Wholesale Desertions From
Twenty-Eighth Infantry.
The Secretary of War has appointed
General Young as a member of the board
which is to convene in Washington on
November 25 for the purpose of making
recommendations for enlarging some or'
the army posts in this country, aoandon
ing others and selecting new sites for new
ones. It is felt by the military authori
ties that many changes of this nature are
necessary since the army has been so
greatly increased. General Young will
leave the department on Sunday and will
be absent for several weeks. *
Captain E. T. Cole of the Sixth Infan
try has arrived in the city and will be
placed on duty at the discharge and de
tention camrs on Angel Island.
There is a strong rumor current in mili
tary circles that desertions are wholesale
from the Twenty-eighth Infantry, whicn
has recently been ordered to the Philip
pities. The organization is made up for
the most part of men who have seen for
eign service, and those who have been in
the Far East are not anxious to return.
Casuals and regulars are being hurried
into the Presidio, and it is expected that
the necessary 850 men will be on hand to
sail on the Grant next Friday.
What Some Candidates Spent.
Some of the candidates at the last elec
tion filed ir< mized statements of receipts
and expenditures of moneys during their
canvass with Registrar Walsh yesterday.
E. J. Smith. Tax Collector-elect, says he
spent 1365, of which $240 was contributed
to the campaign committee of the Re
publican party. Treasurer-elect McDou
gald expended $343 50. he says. John F.
Ahearn, Republican candidate for Super
visor, states that he spent $120 of "hl-j
<'wn monpy," of which $72 went to the
campaign committee.
Experts Still Disagree.
Carl Eisenschimmel and Theodore
Kytka gave more expert testimony con
cerning the signature to a deed purport
ing to be that of Mrs. Caroline Flock
hart in Judge Troutt's courtroom yester
day. The opinions of the experts as to
the genuineness of the signature are at
variance, and they each offer many Illus
trations In support of their claims. The
validity of the deed will not be decided
for several days.
TttiS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
MEXICAN VIEWS
ON ARBITRATION
Pan-American Delegates
File an Interesting
Report.
Say Their Plan Is J^st Fav
orable to the interests
of Peace.
CITY OF MEXICO, Nov. 12.— 1n the
preamble of their report the delegates
to the Pan-American Congress review
the question of arbitration. A notable
passage deals with the making oi arbi
tration obligatory. The report says those
who aim at such an end forget the
teachings of history and are only legis
lating ior ideal societies organized in a
superior and i Ifferent manner to those
now existing. They are not legislating
for the present day's societies in whicn
man, while moving under high aspira
tions, is at times carried away by pas
sions which disturb and blind him. The
Mexican delegation looks for more prac
tical results. They say their plan offers
something more tavorable to the inter
ests of peace than those ideas offered by
promoters of plans for the formation of
the United States of Europe, and even
of the world. •
El lmpitrcial says the Mexican delega
tions are united in a determination to ad
vih ate the principle of suppression of
quarantine which has created so much
obstruction to commerce throughout the
world. England has shown the way and
her public health has not suffered by
ber removal of quarantines.
The delegates to the Pan-American
conference this morning visited the Mint
and were shown through it by Finance
Minister Limantour. A banquet wus
served in the corridors.
BODIES OF DROWNED
MEN FOUND IN BAY
One Is Taken From the Water Near
Alcatraz Island and the Other
Near Hunters Point.
The body of an unknown man, unrec
ognizable because of decomposition, wai
found in the bay yesterday afternoon on
the north side ot Alcatraz Island by Mich
ael O'Donnell of the Sixth-third Company
of United States Coast Artillery. When tho
clothing was searched at the Morgue a
letter was found dated July 27, 1901, ad
dressed "Mr. E. Smith." The circular
was on the letter head of S. N. Wood <x
Co., and was in relation to a sample ot
cloth that the firm had sent to Smith.
Inquiry at the clothing company re
vealed the fact that a letter of that dat?
had been sent to Edward S. Smith at
Pleasanton, Cal. The body found in the
bay yesterday is believed to be that ot
Edward S. Smith left Pleasanton, where
he had been employed by Philip Kolb,
last August. He was from Sacramento,
and is said to have been prominent in
politics in that city at one time.
The body of a drowned man was picked
up in the bay near Hunters Point by the
tug Frolic yesterday and sent to the
Morgue. Th» body was identified last
night by Mrs. James Colton as that of
her husband, a marine fireman, who had
been missing since November 5.
Damrosch on "Tristan and Isolde."
The last of the Damrosch lecture reci
tals/ that on "Tristan and Isolde." was
! given yesterday afternoon at the Califor
> nia Theater before the largest house that
! has greeted any of the series. Mr. Dam
| rosch ranks "Tristan and Isolde" with
the great love poems .of the world, "Ro
1 meo and Juliet," "Lancelot and Guine
! vere." In picturesque and vivid phrase
' the lecturer told the ancient legend, with
its marvelous weaving into music by the
master hand of Wagner. Each theme by
i* which the great music-dramatist ex
! pressed in melody the characteristics of
j the brave knight, Tristan, the beautiiul
Isolde and their piteous fate was brought
I clearly to the comprehension of the most
I indifferent listener. The lecture, as are
i all Mr. Damrosch's illustrations of the
i Wagner opera, was invaluable as an aid
j to the understanding of the inner shades
! of meaning of both music and story, and
i those present yesterday feel themselves
amply able now to undertake intelligently
the pleasant task of listening to "Tristan
I and Isolde" when its turn comes along at
j the Grand Opera-house.
The Grand Chief Visits.
An official visit was paid last evening
to Diana Circle of the Companions of the
Forest of America in Pythian Castle by
Grand Chief Companion Miss Alice Ticou
let, accompanied by Grand Sub-chief Mrs.
H. Warms, Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ec, grand
treasurer, and Mrs. Rappin, grand trus
tee. The visitors were cordially wel
comed in the circle room, prhich had been
tastefully decorated with bunting of va
rious colors and flowers and ferns. After
the routine of business there was an offi
cial inquiry by the graTid chief for the
purpose of ascertaining how proficient the
officers were in the written and unwritten
work, and there followed an address of
instruction, advice and information as to
the condition of the order. This officer
was followed by others who had some
thing to say for the good of the order,
after which a collation was served.
Tollman Will Lecture for Women.
The California Club and its women
friends will have an opportunity Friday
afternoon to hear Dr. William H. Toll
man speak on "Studies In the Factories
and Workshops of the World." Dr. Toll
man is director of the ipdustrial depart
ment of the League for Social Service of
New York, and the lecture will be both
interesting ami instructive, with numer
ous stereopticon illustrations. The lec
ture will be given in the auditorium of
the Young Men's Christian Association,
and will be under the auspices of
the civic department of the California
<"luh. Invitation cards of admission
are obtainable from members of the cluo.
Left His Fingers on the Engine.
Richard Fernanda, a machinist, had tho
fingers of his rie;ht hand amputated by
the piston of the engine at the Meat
Packing (Company's house on Fifth and
Shipley streets yesterday. Fernandez was
leaning against a partition alongside of
the ci (fine when he stooped over and per
mittPd his hand to be caught by tbe
piston, with th<* result that the four fin
gers of the rif?ht hand were completely
amputated and dropped into the piston
bed. He was taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Armipie.-vl
dre^se'l tho wounds and removed suf
ficient of the broken bones to form a flap
over the injured joints.
Oppose Pesthouse Site.
A largo number of property owners an'l
residents in the vicinity of the Bay View
Farm appeared betore the Supervisors'
Health and Hospital Committee yester
day to protest against the purchase by
the city of the property ; is a site for the
new pesthouse. Richard Welch, appeal
ing for the protestants, argued that th«
establishment of the pesthouse in the lo
cality named would depreciate the sur
rounding property in South San Fran
cisco and drive small holders from their
possessions. The committee postpone!
recommendation and will be assisted by
the protestants in securing the oft ?r oi
another site for the purpose. Should one
be found as advantageously located a3
Bay View Farm it will be recommended
for purchase.
Official Recount.
The official recount of the returns of
the last municipal election is now pro
gressing before the Election Commission
In the assembly-room of the Board of
Education. Three districts have already
been counted— :he Twenty-eighth, Twen
ty-ninth and Thirtieth, but no apprecia
ble changes in the votes have been dis
covered. Yesterday it was thought that
Byington had lost twenty votes in tho
Fourth Precinct of the Thirtieth District.
In that precinct Fisk was credited on the
official returns with 52 and Byington with
71, but the recount gave Byington only
51. Comparison with the semi-official re
turn?, however, showed that Byington
was credited with 51. so no change result
ed. The count will be resumed to-day.
POINT RICHMOND
AS A TERMINUS
One Report That Goulds
Will Extend Line to
That Point.
It Seems More Probable, How
ever, That Morgan Seeks
Steamship Connection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— 1t is reported
here that the Gould system will extend
one of his lines into Point Richmond, Cal.,
the Santa Fe terminus.
A financier who professes to know the
intentions of J. P. Morgan declared he
had positive knowledge and had been
aware for several months that Morgan
is planning a trans-Pacific steamship
route with one terminus at San Francis
co, the other at Hongkong. The Call's
informant further stated that steam
ship connections would be made with the
Siberian Railroad, which is now practical
ly completed and will soon be in opera
tion. Morgan, it is well known by par
ties near to him, has purchased the Ley
land line of steamers plying between
New York and Liverpool, and nego
tiations are pending for the purchase of
the Atlantic transport line also. Whether
or not he will divert some of the pur
chased Atlantic liners for the Pacific
Coast line is not known, but it is said
that he lately conferred with the Cramps
of Philadelphia, and it is surmised that
he contemplates the building of new
steamers.
Morgan seems to have gone into the
steamship business on a big scale: in
fact it is said his operations will assume
the proportions of a steamship trust. He
has attempted to buy the White Star
line and the Hamburg- American line. Sev
eral months ago it was reported the Ham
burg-American Company would estab'ish
a line of steamers in the Pacific, and it
is now known that Morgan was at that
time negotiating with them.
It is reported, also, that during a con
versation recently with a Washington of
ficial Morgan alluded to the attempt of
Germany to acquire South American
coaling stations for the Hamburg-Amer
ican line, which is subsidized by the Ger
man Government, and remarked that
if the Hamburg-American line should be
sold to an American syndicate Germany's
controversy with this Government over
our assertion of the Monroe doctrine be
cause of these coaling stations would be
avoided.
Morgan's purchase of land at Point
Richmond, Cal., is not understood per
fectly here, but it is surmised that he
has in view some kind of a traffic ar
rangement with the Santa Fe Railroad,
which has its terminus there. It is be
lieved to ber Mr. Morgan's ambition to
control a transportation route from Lon
don to the Orient, and the Santa Fe is
expected to become one of the links in
this chain.
PRISON GUARDS
FIERI CONVICTS
Fugitive Prisoners Sur
render After Lively
Fusillade.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 12.— Three
more of the twenty-six fugitive convicts
from Fort Leavenworth Prison were cap
tured at Bazar, near Cottonwood Falls,
Kans., late this afternoon by penitentiary
guards after a fight in which one of the
convicts was shot. The captured men are
Gilbert Mullen, white; Fred Robinson,
mulatto, and Sol Southerland, Indian.
Southerland was wounded to-day, but not
seriously. He was also shot while mak
ing his escape from the prison last week.
None of the guards were injured to-day.
Only nine of the escaped convicts are yet
to be taken, and the whole country is on
the lookout.
Two men supposed to be convicts stole
a horse and buggy from a man near
Atchison and robbed him of what money
he had, but finally abandoned the vehicle
after being pursued some distance.
Lewis was returned to the penitentiary
in irons to-day and is in the hospital in
a critical condition from his wounds.
Thompson, when brought in, was found
to be only slightly wounded.
Work on the new cellhouse, stopped at
the time of the outbreak, was resumed
to-day. Oberlin M. Carter, ex-captain of
engineers, serving a five years' sentence,
was busy drawing plans for some of the
new buildings.
GERMAN EMBASSADOR
GOES INTO RETIREMENT
Count yon Hatzfeldt Leaves the Diplo
matic Service Owing to 111
Health.
BERLIN. Nov. 12.— Emperor William
has acceded to the oft repeated request
of Count Paul yon Hatzfeldt-Wildenburg,
the German Embassador to Great Brit
ain, that he be allowed to retire from the
diplomatic service on the ground of ill
health.
The Emperor, in an autograph letter,
expresses his deep regret at the necessity
for the Embassadors retirement. "I feel
impelled," says the Emperor, "to express
my imperial thanks for the excellent ser
vices which during the forty-four years
of your official life you have rendered to
my predecessors en the throne, to myself
and to the whole fatherland."
Acrompanying the letter Emperor Wil
liam sent the insignia of the Order of
Merit of the Prussian Crown, bestowed
on the retiring Embassador as "a token
of my good will."
Count Wolde yon Metternich w^ll suc
ceed Count yon Hatzfeldt as Minister to
Great Britain..
Count yon Metternich represented Ger
many in London during the absence of
the German Embassador. Count yon Met
ternich has been decorated by King Ed
ward with the Victorian Order.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12.— Postofflces
estabttsfaed: Oregon — Galena. Grant Coun
ty. John H. Hughes, postmaster.
Those pensions were granted: California
—Original — Robert Clawell, Soldiers'
Horn». Los Angeles. $6; John Claffy. Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles, $S; Charles L.
Montgomery, Veterans' Home. Napa, $6;
Samuel P. Weaver, Redlands. $8. In
crease—William H. Sellers, Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles. $8.
Oregon— Original— Albert F. Learned,
St. Johns. $R; George W. Putnam. Salem,
$8. Increase— Fichard Mallam, Irving. $10.
Widows— Minors of Oliver G. Foot,
Salem, $12.
Washington— Original— James B. Kraowl
ton. Port Angeles. $12; George Boardman,
Summit, $6: Frederick Switzer. Cheney, $6.
Increase— Walter Brown, Conconully, $8.
Steals Wedding Presents.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 12.— 1t has de
veloped that Henry Brush, the youthful
burglar, who was recently arrested on a
charge of looting the residence of Jo
seph Crispi, near Occidental, purloin
ed numerous other articles. He admitted
having stolen wedding presents belonging
to Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Bones at the time
of ihelr marriage a few months ago.
Among the gifts were two hats belonging
to the bride. The stolen presents were
given to young lady friends of the
prisoner.
Cooley Goes to San Quentin.
SCISUN, Nov. 12.— James Cooley was to
day sentenced to one year"s imprisonment
in San Quentin, having pleaded guilty to a
charge of burglary In the second degree.
He was one of the men who robbed a
store in Elmira in September. Cooley is
an iron worker from San Francisco and
bad associations got him into this
trobuel.
PENSION PLAN
FINDING FAVOR
Southern Pacific May
Aid Project of Its
Employes.
Committee Is Much Pleased
by the Progress That
Has Been Made.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 12.— Employes of
the Southern Pacific Company say that
the prospects for the voluntary pension
department of the Southern Pacific Com
pany are more hopeful than in the past.
A. J. Gardiner of the Southern Pacific
pipe department in Sacramento, has re
turned from a trip to San Francisco,
where he has been in conference with H.
L. Sanborn and other members of the
committee of employes interested in the j
proposed voluntary benefit and pension I
department for employes of the Southern [
Pacific Company. Mr. Gardiner says that
the conference of the committee was held
to consider minor changes in the proposed
regulations which seem to the committee
to be desirable, relating principally to the
scale of contributions and benefits.
It appears that former President
Charles M. Hays of the Southern Pacific i
Company, in acknowledging the receipt I
of the petition of the employes, took oc- i
casion to say that the subject was one [
of great interest to him, and that such !
a project, with rules and conditions fair
to the company and to the employes,
would have his sympathy and support.
This statement of Mr. Hays the commit
tee construed to be only a fair expression
of what might be taken as the views or
opinion of the management on the sub
ject and the committee therefore feels
much encouraged in the work it has un
dertaken.
Mr. Gardiner draws attention to the
fact that the United Traction and Elec
tric Company of Providence, R. 1., has
recently inaugurated a benefit and pen
sion system on much the same lines as
that asked for by a large number of the
employes of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. It appears that many of the rules
and regulations and features adopted by
the United Traction and Electric Com
pany have been copied almost verbatim
from those formulated by the employes
of the Southern Pacific Company.
The committee realizes that it is work
ing on a big proposition and has big men
to deal with. Hence its desires to have
the proposition in as nearly perfect form
as possible for consideration by the board
of directors of the company. Owing to
the very unsettled conditions which have
prevailed regarding the management of
the Southern Pacific Company, the com
pany deemed it wise to "make haste
slowly," realizing that a settled condition
of affairs is essential to insure a proper
consideration of the subject.
In the meantime the committee, under
the leadership of Mr. Sanborn, has been
engaged in gathering statistics from
every available source, with the result
that certain modifications appear to be
absolutely necessary to insure the stabil
ity of the proposed plan.
A pension department was recently es
tablished on the Illinois Central Railroad,
which is one of the lines controlled by
the Harriman syndicate, to which depart
ment the Illinois Central has contributed
$75,000 annually. This tact, Mr. Gardiner
says, has encouraged the committee to
ask for a similar sum from the Southern
Pacific Company for the pension feature
«f the proposed new organization. This
does not include the contribution of $6000
each to the death and disability feature.
The employe may select either the
death, disability or pension feature, or
all of them. Everything is purely volun
tary and then men are at liberty to be
come members or not, just as they may
choose. It is a purely democratic, volun
tary association of the employes, in akl
of which it is asked that the company
contribute.
Mr. Gardiner says the committee is anx
i ious for the completion and adoption of
I the plan and sanguine of its success.
LIVES ON BOITNDAIIY
LINE TO ESCAPE ARREST
Murderer Easily Dodges American
and Mexican Officers Who
Seek Him.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 12.— Pedro Morales,
the border ruffian, who is wanted in En
senada for the murder of a Justice of the
Peace and for numerous other crimes,
and in Los Angeles for the murder of
Deputy Sheriff Wilson of San Gabriel, is
said to be living within fourteen miles
or this city, almost on the border line be
tween Mexico and the ' nited States. He
shows an utter disregard for the law and
for the officers who r ihi enforce it,
but who cannot or will v work together
for his capture. He has nty of friends
of the same class as himself, ¦ and they
keep watch sufficiently close to enable
him to dodge from one side of the bound
ary to the other in order to escape any
officers who may be planning to capture
him.
Word has been sent to Los Angeles as
to his whereabouts, but there seems to be
an unwillingness on the part of some to
tackle the outlaw. Furthermore, the of
ficers en the other side of the line cannot,
according to reports, be induced to co
operate with the American officers. It ia
useless for the local Constables to go af
ter him. as he can get across the line,
and there will be no one there to drive
him back.
FORGES THE SIGNATURE
OF A SAN FRANCISCAN
Charge Preferred in San Jose Against
a Remittance Man From
Colusa.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 12.— James Lull, a well
known habitue of the resorts of the city,
is a prisoner in the City Jail to-night,
charged with forgery and the passing of
a number of worthless checks. Lull, who
is about 45 years of age, has lived here
eight years. His father was a wealthy
Colusa farmer. At the latter's death the
sons share of the estate was left in trust,
because of his dissipated habits. E. M.
Patterson of 1606 California street, San
Francisco, was made guardian of the
estate and each month Lull received a
remittance of $30 from him. Lately this
remittance has not been sufficient to meet
the pace Lull set and he is alleged to
have been forging Patterson's name to
checks.
Storms on Alaskan Coast.
PORT TOWNSEND. Nov. 12.— The coast
of Southeastern Alaska continues to be
swept by storms, according to reports
brought by the steamer Al-Ki, arriving
to-night from ' Skaguay. The Al-Ki, In
attempting to cross Queen Charlotte
Sound was forced to turn back, owing
to the fury of the gale and high seas.
Her decks' were swept with immense
waves and Pilot Bradley, who has been
continually on the Alaska route during
the past thirteen years, says that the
st'-rm was the most furious he has wit
nessed during that period.
Municipal Elections in Naples.
ROME, Nov. 12.— Municipal elections
were held to-day In Naples, where the
municipality had been suppressed for two
years owing to wholesale corruption by
the Camorra party and where the city
administration had been conducted by
the government. The result was the de
feat of the Camorra candidates by a
small majority. The press (Jongratulates
Naples upon the defeat of the Camorra
delegates by honest candidates, compar
ing it with the defeat of Tammany Hall
by the friends of good government in
New York.
Lineman Electrocuted by Live Wire.
PUEBLO, Colo., Nov. 12.— John "White,
a lineman in the employ of the Pueblo
Traction Company, was electrocuted at
the corner of Michigan and Abriendo ave
nues this morning. He was discovered in
a dying condition strapped to a tramway
pole, and died shortly after being taken
down. He had evidently come in contact
with a live wire and was unable to de
scend from his position.
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico. Nov. 12.— Governor
Hunt and Mr. Brumbaugh, Commissioner of
Education, left for the United States on the
et«amer Ponce.
ACADEMY NEEDS
TO BE REBUILT
Board of Visitors Report
Against West Point
Patchwork.
Recommend Better Accom
modations and Pay for
Future Army Officers.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— The most im
portant feature of the report of the board
of visitors to the West Point Military
Academy is a recommendation that the
academy be rebuilt. The report says:
It has been nearly one hundred years since
"West Point was founded, and from the birth
of the institution nearly all the improve
ments have been on the patchwork plan. There
is but one building constructed by the Govern
ment at the post that is In harmony with thla
day and generation. All the others are old.
uncomfortable and entirely inadequate to meet
present conditions. Few of them are equipped
with any of the conveniences to be found in the
average public building in the country districts
In many of the States. It can be truthfully
said that there la a pressing necessity for a
complete tearing down and a new building up.
The policy pursued in that regard at Annapolis
should be speedily adopted at West Point.
Nothing can be gained by postponement. In
deed, it seems to the board that almost every
dollar spent in the future for "enlarging
here and altering and patching there" is so
much money thrown away. The enlarged duties
and responsibilities of the military as related
to the recently enlarged sphere of American
interests and power are such as not only to
justify but force Congress to proper recogni
tion of the demands of the military academy.
Putting the matter In a few words It can be
truthfully said that the barracks in which the
cadets sleep and study and live when not in
recitation room or on the drill grounds are lit
tle better equipped than the barracks at the
average country poorhouse. In many of the
rooms the cadets are crowded. The ventilation
of these rooms is in accordance with hygienic
notions of a century ago and is simply exe
crable.
Features of the present arrangement
which are specially condemned are the
electric light and gas plants; no water or
sanitary arrangements in the barracks
and no bathrooms; the lack of church
facilities and the hotel, which is de
scribed as "a mere hut." The water sup
ply also is threatened and a water famine
is imminent nearly every summer.
The report says the board is satisfied
that hazing has been eradicated. Full
credit is given to Colonel Mills for this.
The report also says that the sturdy sup
port given Colonel Mills by the Secretary
of War has done much to establish and
secure discipline upon a sound basis.
The report refers to athletics and says
that cadet members of the baseball and
football teams compare favorably with
others who do not participate in these
games. It is recommended that the acad
emy be provided with a modern sea coast
battery and a modern mountain battery
for the Instruction of the cadets.
The board recommends that the pay of
the cadets, which is now $540 a year each,
be increased $69 a year, to be equal to
that of naval ca#ets.
ILEPORTS FROM PANAMA
GREATLY EXAGGERATED
Eebels Are Extremely Careful and
Have Not Molested Property
of Americans.
NEW YORK, Nov. 12.— Passengers ar
riving to-night on the steamship Orizaba
confirm the news that the city of Pan
ama has not been taken by the rebels.
Among those who arrived was St. C.
Hunt, agent of the Panama Railroad and
Steamship line at Panama. Hunt said
that things were quiet when he left Qkftt
city, November 6.
"The reports as to the danger of the
city falling have been very much exag
gerated." he said. "The lowa was at
Panama when we left and the Machia.s
at Colon with sufficient force to protect
the foreign interests. The rebels have
been careful and have .not molested
American property. General Alban will
hold out, for he has 1500 troops well
armed and equipped. They have plenty
of guns and could get along without the
two big ones shipped from this port last
week. Traveling is comparatively safe,
as all trains carry one troop car. These
cars carry the soldiers of the Colombian
Government. The, rebels have appeared
at Culebra and Empire, small towns near
by, but they have not molested the inhab
itants. They have received some food
and clothes 'from their friends, but have
not done any damage."
GENERAL MERRIAM GOES
ON THE RETIRED LIST
3rigadier General Bates Will Tempo
rarily Command the Department
of Colorado.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Brigadier
General Henry C. Merriam will be placed
on the retired list to-mcrrow on ac
count of age. Hi 3 present command, the
Department of Colorado, will be as
sumed temporarily by Brigadier General
J. C. Bates, commanding the Department
of the Missouri. It is expected that
Major General Mac Arthur, about the Ist
of January, will be assigned to the com
mand of the Colorado. He has expressed
a preference for that assignment, and
t.ie orders will be issued when he is re
lieved from his present duties in this
city as a member of the board of bre
vets. Next to General Wade General
Merriam is the ranking brigadier general
in the army. He served throughout the
War of the Rebellion in the volunteers,
having entered the service as captain of
the Twentieth Maine Infantry. He was
a major general of volunteers during the
Spanish war. His most conspicuous ser
vice in later years was in command of
the troops during the Coeur d'Alene riots.
rNGLISH AUTHORITIES.
USE OLD POSTAL ROUTE
LONDON, Nov. 12.— Inquiries at the
Postofßce Department to-day show tbat
no change has been made in the matter
of sending the Australian mails by way of
the Pacific Ocean and across the United
States by rail from San Francisco to New
York, thence by steamship to Liverpool.
The authorities say that the San Fran
cisco route will ordinarily be used for the
New Zealand mails, but the Suez route Is
quicker for the Australian service. No
change Is likely to be made until much
quicker boats are put on and more fre
quent service given between tho United
States and Australasia.
Narrowly Escapes Death by Fire.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Nov. 12.— A hre
which destroyed M. O. Stone & Co.'s
building at 46 and 48 Euclid avenue this
afternoon was attended by the thrilling
rescue of over a score of women and girls
who were employed on the fourth floor in
Mrs. Graham's corset factory. When the
fire broke out all the girls made a rush
for the fire escape and ladders. The fire
spread so rapidly, however, that they
could not use the fire escapes and it
seemed that many of them must perish.
Ladders were quickly sent up, however,
and all but three of the women were taken
from the windows and carried to safety
by firemen. Three, who could not be
reached, including Mrs. Graham, jumped
from the fifth story windows into nets
held by the firemen below. Not one of
them was seriously injured.
Califomians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 12. -The following
Cftlifornians registered at the hotels to
day: Raleigh— L. McMullin and wife, W.
Morgan and wife. San Francisco: E. S.
Mouton. Riverside; H. B. Cary, Los An
geles; Wlllard — R. P. Schwerin. Morgan
Shepard, San Francisco: National—Rich
ard H. Barry. Los Angeles; W. P. Mc-
Devitt. R. O. Lincoln, San Francisco; St.
Junes— Louis Hansel and family, Stock
ton; W. E. Fishbeck and wife, San Fran
cisco.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Nov. 12.— Licenses to marry
¦were Issued to-day to John H. Dieck
mann Jr., over 21, and Josephine Cha
bot, over 18, both of Oakland; Edward T.
Keeley. 21. and Mattie Coleman, 20, both
of Sacramento.
PROMISES NOT
TO INTERFERE
Bulgaria Complies With
the Demand of Con
sul Dickinson.
Plan to Send Troops After the
Captors of Miss Stone
Is Checked,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, Jf,
W., WASHINGTON, Nov. 12.— Secretary
Hay received to-day from Consul General
Dickinson confirmation of the report that
he had notified Bulgaria she would be held
responsible for the abduction of Misa
Stone. Dickinson has forced the hand oC
the administration, which had not pro-*
posed to take any action looking to rep
aration until after the liberation of \iisa
Stone. It was explained, however, that
Dickinson was compelled to give notifica
tion because of the information he had
received showing that the Bulgarian Gov
ernment contemplated sending troopa ta
destroy the brigands holding the Ameri-*
can missionary.
Solicitor of State Penfleld ha 3 been look*
ing into the law feature of the case anoj
his memorandum will support Secretary
Hay in his determination to secure full
and adequate reparation.
No representations looking to an indem*
nity will be made until Miss atone ha*
been released.
SOFIA, Nov. 12.— Consul General Dick-«
inson supplemented his verbal represent
tatlons to the Bulgarian Government by
a note to-day. in which he recapitulates
the history of the abduction of Misa Ellen
M. Stone and her companion, ilme,
Tsilka, and the steps taken to obtain theist
release and reminds the Foreign Minister
of his promise to give every assistance.
He also instances where the attitude ot
subordinate officials has not conformed
with this assurance. Finally Dlckinaor*
repeats his demand for the noninterfer-*
ence of tha Government.
The Government's reply, according t<»
the opinion expressed in official circles,
was that the Government hesitated to
establish the giving of protection to brig
ands in treating for the ransom of cap-*
tives, but in the present case, involving
the safety of two ladies, the Government*
as an act of courtesy and humanity, will
comply with Dickinson's request.
LONDON CITY COUNCIL
ADOPTS AMERICAN IDEAS
Will Ask the Consent of Parliament
to Construct an Electric
Tramway.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— At a meeting of tha
London City Council a proposal was
unanimously adopted to ask the consent
of Parliament for the construction ot
subways and an electric tramway for
the Victoria embankment under New
street to Holbein, connecting a little fur
ther north with surface trams.
In the course of the session the dele
gates who recently visited the L'nit^d
States described the systems in Boston
and New York, J. Williams Bonn declar
ing his conviction that what had been
done in American cities could be done iv
London.
The statement was greeted with con
siderable applause.
Commenting editorially upon the im
portance of the decision of the Count/
Council, the Daily Chronicle says: "It
appears trat. while the district railways
of the metropolis are engaged in a te
dious dispute, tho County Council ana
Charles T. Yerkes have entered for a
neck-and-neck race to supply Londou
with cheap and efficient electric traction.
We prefer that the Council should b«
the winners."
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
ODESSA. Nov. 12.— The Mandelivitch' build-
Ings, one of the finest blocks in Odessa, which,
Include a fashionable arcade of shops, have
been destroyed by flre. Ten personi perished
and thirty-flve others were Injured. The dam
age is estimated at 1.000.000 rubles.
BOSTON Nov. 12.— A little under a quarter
of a million dollars was the loss by an all-day
flre which started in the aeven-story granita
building at Broad and Franklin streets oc
cupied by the Murphy Varnish Company. A.
steady rain to-night helped the firemen.
LONDON Nov 13.— 1n spite of the <ale» and
undeterred by rain. King Edward, the Prince
of Wales and a distinguished party spent yes
terday shooting pheasants in Windsor Pariw.
His Majesty, who appeared to be in excellent
health, seemed to enjoy the sport and secured
a good bag.
NKTV YORK Nov. 12.— An advance of 30
per cent in the prices of leather belting wst
agreed upon to-day by the Leather Beltin«
Manufacturers' Association at its fifteenth an
nual meeting. The advance Is due. It wa*
stated, to higher prices for the raw material.
DETROIT, Mich.. Nov. 12.— A telegram re
ceived here late to-day states that the schooners
Chamberlain and its consort, the H. Webb, ar»
on the rocks at Dortch Island. Georgian Bay.
The crews are safe, but the vessels are in ba4
shape. Reports from various lake ports tell
of great damage to shipping by the gale.
DES MOINES. lowa. Nov. 12.— Dan Tew. m
Menrenthaler linotype machinist In the Daily
Capitol office, in this city, to-day broke th«
world's record for speed. He set 3344 lines o|
nonpareil In eight hours, newspaper measure,
equal to 86.584 ems. Estimating 2'» touches pe*
em he touched the keyboard 217.360 times.
In the Divorce Court.
Divorces were granted yesterday t«
Agnes Hoffman from Christian Hoff-.
man for neglect: Grace E. Hayden front
C. H. Hayden for failure to provide; Ke
glna C. Nicholson from Jacob Nicholson
for desertion, and Ida Johnston from S.
Johnston for cruelty. A suit for divorca
was filed yesterday by Mamie Smittt
against Samuel Smith.
Custom-House Promotions.
George H. Coons, messenger in the oN
flee of Customs Collector Stratton. has
been recommended by the Collector for
the position of sampler at a salary o£
$1200 per annum. H. W. Root, an assist
ant weigMer. haa been recommended to
fill the vacancy caused by the promotion
of Mr. Coons.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f/HelliiVs
f. rood
is just what it claims '
to be — an infant's food
that has no equal
except mother's A
milk. Send a postal HL
for a free sample. jB
MELJLJN'S POOD COMPANY. j^t
BOSTON. MASS. «j§kV
CAFE ROYALgBg
. TaltaH checked trwt
910
JsAN FRANCISCO CALL.
•m-ctxess OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
fill, corner of Market and Third streets; open
uctll 12 o'clock every night In the year:
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street ; open until t:SO p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
I*4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
-mil 9 d. m.
IC6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until 9 P. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
STARR KING Lodge. U. D. F. and A. m
M.. Mowry'B Hall, corner Lagunaand
Grove Stated meeting TO 1 *; j\^,
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING. at &/*W^
o'clock. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44, F. and •
A, M.— Called meeting THIS (WED- _J\_
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. jLJ\
Third Degree. * ~
THEO. F.ROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 189, F. and A.M. •
—Degree First, THIS EVENING. Nov. _^\^
15 at 6:« clock. By order of the W . XJT
M- H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary, /V l
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. »
M— Second Degree THIS (WEDNES- _#V_.
DAY) EVENING. Nov. IS, at 7.30 «_Jf
o'clock. H. J. OWEN. Sec, -^r '
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— ¦
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) „_?_
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. First De- TC Jf
gree. R. E. A—LAN. Secretary. /^r>
ANNUAL MEETING.— Notice Is hereby given
that the eleventh annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the San Francisco Home Mutual
Loan Association will be held at the office
of the corporation, 618 Montgomery st, San
Francisco, on WEDNESDAY. November 13.
1901. at 8:30 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year, pre-
sentation of the eleventh annual report and
the transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Books are now open
for subscription to 1000 shares of stock of the
twelfth series. By order of the Board of Di-
rectors. A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Best "Life of McKinley" & Christ-
ina* books: 76 per cent discount; outfit free;
freight paid; credit given: valuable premium;
- our arents ret $200 In gold for Christmas.
HENRY NEIL. 323 Dearborn st.. Chicago, 111.
CANVASSERS— FIrst-class tea and coffee so-
licitor war.ted. Apply after 4 May Tea Com-
pany, 753 Market st
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
2. PELTIER, asphalt, roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free, divorces private; bankruptcy ;eol-
lectione attachments ;mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships; deeds ; wills drawn ;fees low;open
«ve's. THURSTON, 1008% Mkt, r. 4, opp. sth.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
41 -let; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds, etc. prepared; charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, 916 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able body of attorneys.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 527 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket gt. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
GOOD second-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
rend for bargain list LEAVITT _ BILL.
809 :.*¦-•, ¦ st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good borne for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California Bt.
— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2356.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUREAU TRUXI^^"
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s2ooo; SALOON: choicest location on water
front; rent $40; place doing a rushing and
food paying business; value In eight; partners
can't agree. R. Q. WILKIE. 26 1 * Kearny Bt
$3500: SALOON, with mercantile lunch; net
rent $50; place established for 30 years; in
best part of the wholesale district; owner
never cleared less than $400 per month. Par-
tlculare R. G. WILKE. 26V» Kearny Bt
$1000; SALOON in wholesale district* kept
by present owner for 20 years; clearing above
175 per month; owner engaged in other en-
terprises. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V, Kearny st
A — COFFEE saloon and choD house on East
•t. ;" price $1600; rent $90: water free; clearing
at least $300 month; finest chance In this
line. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
$1200; PARTNER wanted in one of the best
paying corner saloons of Oakland; place
clearing above $300 per month; owner engaged
otherwise: need trustworthy man. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1000: BAKERY on Market St.; low rent: C.
years' lease; 4 living rooms; baking 3 barrels
per day; most store trade; owner cleared $1500
the last 6 months. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Bt
$350; DELICACY and pork store, with 'i
living rooms; rent $14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted in good business;
trade established; call and investigate; this
Is a good chance. Room 14. 935 Market st
CANDY and ice cream parlors; a rare bargain;
party leaving State; present receipts $150 per
month. Call room 14, 935 Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted in good paying busi- I
ness; satisfied with $16 or $18 a week; call '
and investigate. Room 14, $33 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; bears full
investigation. Call at 535 Market st. room 14.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at 935 Market »t.. room 14.
A— BEAUTIFUL saloon sacrificed; account of
death: fine location; must sell at invoice or
less; purely a good thing. Think about this
then ask C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
CIGAR stands. Cigar stands. Cigar stands.
I now have over 30 of the best money-making 1
Etands in the city: prices from $100 to $1200; ]
before buying it will certainly pay you to call
on C. _. HEDGES, 461 and 462 Parrott bldg.
— VERY profitable restaurant near foot Mar- '
ket 6t; will be sold at a ridiculously low
figure. Ask HEDGES, 461-4C2 Parrott blag.
SHARES of the Twentieth Century Laundry
are being sold very rapidly; those wishing for
stock should procure them immediately as
there are only a limited number of them for
tale; these chares are appreciated because
they have value behind them; rbey will earn
for you so to 35 per cent. Call or write for
full information. Address
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Fiscal Agents,
'•- -.'¦> 328 Montgomery st
MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO..
Rooms 8 and 4. 1104 Market Bt. cor. Mason.
I HAVE buyers waiting; list your business
with me. I guarantee to sell. 921 Market.
NOTION store, $200 and up; cigar stands for
rent. $10. Third, st; grocery and bars; gro-
cery etores, saloons, bar and rooming-house
and lodging-houses. DECKER, 821 Market st.
RESTAURANT in business section; 6-day
house; receipts over $40 per day; guaranteed
to clear $200 per month; trial given. DON-
ALP INVESTMENT COMPANY. 850 Market.
RESTAURANT, near Stockton and Mar-
ket; chance of your life. D. McRAE 837
Mission st.
WANTED— man to manage estab-
lished business In Seattle; references and
bond required; good opening for right party.
217 Geary st. : -/v ¦
FOR pale— Family liquor store; one of the old-
est locations In town. Apply In person at
613 Montgomery st: no agents; owner retir-
ing on account of health.
FOR SALE— Small restaurant connected with
70-roem house; doing pood cash business; a
bargain to any one with small capital. Ad-
dress box 2042. Call.
$5000 WANTED to Increase mill: % interest;
best gold mine in State; Investigate this. 2525%
Mission, upstairs, 7-10 a. m., 6-9 p. m. Owner.
WANTED— To interest with me responsible
parties In oil properties in Kern County. Box
1996. Call office.
$200 — Restaurant for sale; situated among fac-
tories where thousands of people are passing;
rent $15; suitable for man and wife. 564 4th st.
$3000— HOTEL; very central; rent reasonable;
responsible parties only. 927 Market, rm. 208.
PLAY a system and beat races; straight busi-
ness proposition. Call Racing System, 698 4th.
PARTNER wanted— Splendid paying restau-
rant; owner has other interests. 217 6th st.
CANDY store, with soda fauntain; a bargain
If sold to-day. 1506 Howard et . .
RESTAURANT, half interest: live place, live
fixva.tr; cheap to-day. 418 Kearny st
BUSINESS CHANCE Contlnned.
$300— CIGAR store; clubroom in rear; location
the best; south of Market st; established for
years; doing good business; party must sell;
going East. STENBERG CO.. 759 Market Bt.
$1100 '. ". $1100 $1100
, CENTRAL CIGAR STAND.
BestT)lock. Market st. ''./l:V r "\
Daily sales average over $25.
Elegant fittings.
Real purchasers invited to investigate.
¦' The chance of the season • :. 1 .-:
For first-class stand.
STENBERG CO., 759 Market st.
$300— BRANCH bakery and notion store; near
Market St.; rent $20; dally sales $15; 4 living-
rooms; excellent fixtures; must sacrifice.
STBNBERG _ CO., 759 Market Bt ,
FINE business opportunity; a rare chance to
purchase a good-paying business; fine loca-
tion; good reasons for telling. Call 857
Twelfth st, Oakland. '¦
FOR sale— Oyster and chop house; cheap on
account of other business. Address box 2043,
Call office.
REAL* estate business; best location Oakland;
sacrifice; owners leaving city. Call before
Tuesday at 911 Broadway.
FOR BALE— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. . Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal.
DELICACY store in first-class running or-
der; snap. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
EHOESHOP for sale. 739% Mission st. .
FIRST-CLASS candy factory In thriving inter-
lor town; splendid investment. Box 1884. Call.
$800— HALF Interest In a wholesale, retail and
manufacturing business. Inquire 247 sth st
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A GRAND BARGAIN.
32 ROOMS; FINE CORNER.
Clears $200; offer wanted; payment! to
suit DECKER, 1020 Market 6t.
ALL BARGAINS— FOR LIST.
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 2000
12 rooms; large yard -. 1600
40 rooms; boarding 4500
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
*4 rooms; on Geary st 1900
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 5500
8 rooms; nat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth St.; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market st, clears $150 1600 I
10 rooms; on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; ot flees; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments... 1250
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. PECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st
Tel. Black 1-8-0-3.
40 r.: downtown: clears $160 month $2000
29 r. ; 3 blocks of Market; clears $120 mo. 1400
12 r. ; nice cor.; sunny; nr. City Ha 11.... 650
17 r.; rent $40: free water; a snap 250
8 r. ; on Market St.; rent $50; clears $Sl. 14U0
79 r. ; big business; N. Market; rent $210. 3600
14 r. ; clean; respectable; near corner of
Ellis & Larkin; rent only $50; clears $76 1050
100 r. ; hotel in city; clears $500 a month... 9000
26 r.; on Market; rent $60; sunny house.. 1000
1 r.; rent $30; central; see this house... 450
60 r. ; hotel; bonton; clears $3000 yearly.. 6000
6 r.; apartments; big dining-room not used;
new carpets; rent $175; clears $180 mo. 4000
20 r. ; new carpets; rent $53; a clear profit
of $41 a month; 2 nice bath rooms 700
40 r. ; fine, full of steady roomers 4000
THE .DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
650 Market st Tel. Davis 281
£6 rooms; good Income ; $2,600
17 rooms; good transient location 1,500
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1.400
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 900
5 rooms; a bargain ¦ 65V
18 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
36 rooms; fine condition; all rented 1,600
18 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,600
21 rooms; well furn.; flood income 2,600
18 rooms; good location; pays well 1,600
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500
NEW 60-room house, reading-room, office
ground floor, with or without restaurant and
barber shop; will be furnished to suit; any
part or whole- lone lease; low rent. DON-
ALD INVESTMENT CO., 860 Market st.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST:
Any of the following on monthly payments:
8 rooms: well furnished $400
18 rooms; on Ellis; a bargain 1500
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $85 500
S3 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location, clears $150 1200
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
28 rooms; piano; clears $60; payments 400
59 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 6950
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; (rood location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 631
I A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market St.
_________________ _ ___ .
A. CAMERON & CoT!
850 Market Bt. and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
Bee our list of bargains.
24 r. ; rent $65; good house and loc.; only. sllol
24 r.; Geary; fine income 1900
18 r. ; rent $55; clears $60; good 10c........ 800
15 r. ; rent $80; NE. cor.; new cleg. furn.. 1500
17 r. ; rent $65; Post; good house; pays well.
12 r. ; well fur.; fine location; Post 8t.... 800
9 r. ; rent $45; good house; Sutter 800
7 r. ; rent $35 ; new fur.; 12 outside brdere 50.0
6 r. ; rent $40; Eddy st 250
.............. WINSTON & WOLF ................
1026 MARKET STREET. v
.PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY ENTRANCE..
1 rooms, rent $35, near Sutter st $250
17 rooms, rent $50, part cash 1000
21 rooms, rent $45, reduced to 850
£2 rooms, rent $40, clears $85 1200
41 rooms, modern, $185, clear prof monthly 3500
60 rooms, good corner, rent $95 2000
...MONEY TO LOAN OX ANY HOUSE....
McBRIDE _ CO. have moved to 765 Market st.
Some Bargains for To-day:
100-room house $1400
16-room house -900
12-room house 600
lu-room house i 700
14-room boarding-house 1100
Great bargains in restaurants, saloons, baker-
ies, candy, cigar stores, etc.
A— lo ROOMS: Ellis St.; rent $32 50; 0n1y.. 5300
16 rooms; good furniture, carpets; 0n1y... 725
12 rooms; Market. st. ; rent $40; good house. 650
Many more bargains; get our list first.
MITCHELL _ CO.. 1206 Market st. .
A— NOTICE— have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. in all parts of the city; get our
list first MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
M. E. RIVES, 916 Market: Phone Main 128.
12. rooms; housekeeping; rent $60 $650
IS rooms; bay windows; all sunny.. 1250
26 rooms; central; cheap rent 2300
42 rooms; all rented; good Income 4000
BUYERS— buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st, opp. Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices.
! FINE rooming-house of 15 rooms; all full;
good location: newly furnished. Call at 935
Market st, room 14. . •
PAYING 18-room bay-window modern house;
make offer: S. Market Box 1502. Call office.
, SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRS?~Dr7~FARNHAM, spl7lUiaT~lnedlurn
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market bt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing me-
dium; spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr., Su.. 8 p. m., 60c. 1804 Bush; p.Larkln 2275.
PROF.. GEE, 108 Sixth St.— Readings, 60c. '
and $1; circle every night except Wed., 10c.
.lime. Lester. 148 6th, r. Medium, palmlet and
magnetic healer ;read'gs dally;tel. Howard 1129.
Mrs. Van Baker's circles Tues. & Friday eves.,
25c; everybody get a test 732 Eddy; no sign.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Ooak; circle Sun., Tues.,
Frl.. 7:30; Wed.. ladles. 2:30; read, dally. 50c.
I EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
Bit tings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ME. _ BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
j scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love- or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
! BROOKS. CLAIRVOYANT AND MEDIUM.
Do you wish to succeed? Are you making
a change in business? Are you ill. depressed
or uncertain? Why net seek the fullest
knowledge that will help you to succeed?
Letters containing stamp answered. BROOKS,
1206 Market, rme. 34 and 35, cor. Golden Gate.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et., corner Golden Gate aye., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; Bend stamp . for pamphlet
with gpecial terms. Dally and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
- •¦ HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mail.
ME. AENDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. - : 215% Sixth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dles 25c; gents 60c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANT,, card reader; from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant ¦ and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 6 j>. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. » -
ME. PORTER wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 60c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
Miss M. Wllle, 326 A Ellis, greatest of all crys-
tal seers; read- your life correctly; full names
given; sittings. 5Cc up; 3 questions by mail $1.
ME. HANSEN, card reader and palmist; tells
past, present, future. 25c. 148 6th St., r. 14.
PRINCESS ISHMAEL. wonderful astrologlst;
tribe Alohobar. 100SM; Mkt.. 2d floor, hra._lo-9_/
TRUTHFUL card reading, - palmistry included;
sittings 25c. 289 Fell st - ¦¦' ...... -r-
PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant, scientific palm-
. Ist, and phrenologist. 1007% Market, near 6th.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th: German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 815 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
ME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
ME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND ~ CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama Et; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.: steam cleaning. 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpei-beatin* Works— Cleaning,
Sc: renovated; relaid. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp-2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Suiter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM — CO.. Prop,
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Caf pet-cleaning Works,
833 Golden Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mcr.. 38-40. Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St. : te'.. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. .'.-:...
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN, 206 Kearny St., room 307.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails removed wlth-
out pain. Dr. E. Menor, 6 Eddy St.. room 105.
COLLECTION OFFICES. _
GEORGE W KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market Advice free; tel. Red 5211.
DENTISTS.
S~HIGGINS, 927 Market st, Emma
' Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full Bet of teeth that look natural
• and guaranteed, $5 up. . ¦ ¦
Painless extraction. ,
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market., cor.
4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns. $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, " s4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p.m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D. S., manager.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
• 60c; plates, $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
LOWEST prices in S. F.; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN.: 54 Sixth at.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.--Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Pclk st.
DR. R.L.WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction, 50c; plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
INVESTIGATIONS, civil and criminal; reliable
and efficient work guaranteed. Address D.
J.v. VAX. 314 L*T!venTvnrth st
*~ ~ DOG HOSPITALS. ~
DR. CREEL C. P. dor soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate aye. :
i —^^*— ~ "*"— •" " "**""** — — *"^"^^*^"™"""*™ M
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor — MofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
__ai_v eTshoolT "ot^^electric a_~_ngn
NEERING — demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. • ¦
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Martlet—
$S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
epelllng, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night ; catalogue free.
A — The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? ¦ Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st. - .
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping.. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— elec, mining, mech.sur-
'vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and ' the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market St.
VITTORIO DINO, Italian teacher, gives lea-
sonsat pupil's home; price 50c. Box 1858, Call.
VOICE culture; method of Lampertl; concert,
opera; send for circular. E. GEORGE, Ellis
FIGURES— Nothina- like it for rapidity; $3.
TARR, 220 Parrott bldg., gives particulars. .
MARY P. WESTHAUB, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st;
. day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics, Literature a
specialty. MIES ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. /
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTIN«TON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st. .
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. 4
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve, tss mo. 1024 Mission. ¦ nr. 6th.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable housecleaning^ also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice
George Kinochita, 783 Haight; Fell 6O4«;
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and p house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush -at ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE^ Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush Bt. ; tel. Bush 616.
OKPHEUM I Employment Of Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel.Black 6072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. «15 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—FEMALE.
SWEDISH girl with the best of city references
¦ desires a situation as cook or housework. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St. .-•":
WIDOW with a child of 3. would act as com-
panion and assist elderly lady for room and
• board! references exchanged. Address "Widow, •
box 2032, Call office. - . . .....
FIRST-CLASS French', cook,-, perfect .In all
branches of baking and cooking, wishes situa-
tion In private family; wages $30 to $35; no
washing. Box 1995, Call offic«. • -\ j .
COMPETENT ; elderly .woman would like '¦ situ-
ation to do .' housework, ! Protestant family;
wages moderate; city or country. . Box ' 2034,
Call office. - \£t®BeS&§gm&fflm?\' ':• '¦'¦•'.
EMPLOYMENT v WANTED— FEMALE.
A YOUNG woman would like position as house-
keeper or care for sick- no objection to leav-
. ing city. Box 1859, Call office. , \: : -. - ¦
2 SWEDISH girls wish situations together,
one as cook, the other as second girl; wages
$25 and $20. Apply at '116 Guerrero st. .
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook;
willing to assist' with housework; wages $30.
Box 1774. Call office. -A
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good < fitter
and skirtmaker; sews 60c a day. M. C, box
. 2038, Call Office! • ...", \- ->.-.-•,
LADY wishes position as companion and take
care of invalid; will assist in light house-
work. Box 2035. Call Office. • ; -
YOUNG woman wishes day's work washing or
. boußecleanlng. Call evening, or address 178
Julian aye.. near Fifteenth. ¦¦¦..'»
WANTED— by the day washing or clean-
lng, $1 50 per day. Call or address 128 A Bth st
FIRST-CLASS housevcleaner ' wishes to work
by the day; wages $1 25. Box 1772, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as stenographer.
Box 1997. Call office. . - - .. , ¦ ¦.: -.- - ¦¦'¦--.
POSITION wanted by first-class meat cook In
country. Address box 2051, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ! lady stenographer and type-
writer, ten years' experience, wishes posi-
tion; best Eastern references; no objection to
country. Address box 1503. Call office. - .
A DRESSMAKER of experience in ladies' and
. children's clothes will accept engagements
In families in making and altering dresses;
$1 25 per day; ref. 1213 Webster st, nr. Ellis.
A competent German cook and helper desire
situations, country; first-class Swedish second
girl and seamstress, also competent laundress,
ref., desire situations. Miss Cullen, 825 Sutter.
A STRONG young. girl wishes position for gen-
eral housework in American family. Address
87 Albion aye., off Sixteenth St., nr. Valencia,
LITTLE girl, age 14, would like to assist in
Email ¦ family for a good home; must go to
school ; references required. Box 2045, Call. \
RESPECTABLE woman would like position in
¦ Email family; general housework and cook-
ing. 2222 Post st ' _. ¦ •¦ ¦
YOUNG girl wishes second work and . waiting.
Call at 131 WUdey aye., off Steiner St., bet
Pine and Bush. ¦ ' •
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general housework; from $10 to $12. II
Sherwood place. \ ¦-¦ • \¦ ¦ • - ¦
COLORED woman wants position for cooking
in private family ior boarding house. 1032
Clay st. , -: .-¦-...
A RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the
week or month; would care for invalid; good
reference. Call before 8 p. m., 828 Geary Bt
THOROUGHLY competent young lady desires
position aa saleslady in bakery; city or
country; best ref. 207 Leavenworth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 2oo rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; •• free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia st. - '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— MALE.
INDUSTRIOUS and trustworthy young man
desires position as stenographer and book-
keeper; law office preferred; experience;
commercial education; references. ¦ Address
box 2039, . Call. " ¦ ' ¦
WANTED— Work in a bakery by a sober man
not afraid to work; chance to learn pastry of
more importance than high wages. Address
box 2349. • Call. Oakland.
YOUNG Eastern man wishes position' as bar-
tender; 4 years' experience and. best of ref-
¦ erences. Box 2031, Call office.
GARDENER wants situation; understands care
of horses and will make himself generally
useful around private place. Box 1862, Call.
YOUNG man of good • appearance desires to
learn gents" furnishing or any business; best
¦¦ of references; salary no object. Box 2037. Call.
YOUNG man desires position in wholesale
house in any department; good references.
Address 823 Mission St., room 8.
•FIRST-CLASS chef wishes a situation as chef
or chef steward in hotel or club in or out
of city. Address J. F. F., 539 Howard st
BARBER — Two young men, first-class barbers,
. seek steady position In country town. Ad-
¦ dress box 1775, Call office.
BAKER; cakes and bread; energetic; steady;
24 years' experience. Box 1773, Call office.
SINGLE man, : 33, sober, lnaustrlous, respect-
able, seeks care of private place or - small
. ranch ; experienced in care of horses and all
' stock. Address nnttl Saturday, I. M., box
1563. Call' office. " ¦ — i-
MIDDLE-AGED man wants any kind of light
store or factory work; city or country; will-
ing to work for small wages; has good ref-
erences. Box 2052, Call office. ; .
WANTED— Position «_* ranch foreman by young
man (single) ; experienced in all kinds agri-
cultural work; good references. • Address S. F.
' Call agency, San Jose, Cal. X
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and horseshoer
wants situation; good workman. Box 2054,
Call office.
YOUNG married man wants position at any-
thing. HALL, 20 Dale place, off Golden Gate
aye.. near Hyde st.
BY a strictly temperate young man from the
country, any honorable work; a fair pen
artist. A. A., 1773 Market st.
A YOUNG man with office experience, who
speaks English. German, Swedish, wants po-
sition ; best references. Box 1866, Call office.
PAPERHANGER and painter wants work; has
a complete outfit of tools. 1302 Webster st. ;
tel. Jackson 1321. ¦
WANTED— by stationary or donkey
engineer; city or country; references. Box
1504, Call office. _^^ ¦
WANTED— learn ladies' tailoring by ex-
perienced ¦ tailor. ¦ Box 2050, Call oCSce.
A GOOD upholsterer wants - position; good
workman. Box 1978, Call offlce.
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
. care for one or two horses. Box 2046. Call.
MAN wishes position as Janitor or office work.
Box 2041. Call office. ;
EXPERIENCED man wants a Job as night or
day watchman; the best references; give also
bonds if necessary. Address L. F. 567 Sixth.
YOUNG Japanese school boy wishes work 2 or
3 hours a day; office or store. Box 1979, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
1 . subscriptions has been established at 1091
Valencia st.
EXCHANGE. -
WILL give violin for typewriter. Address box
1874, Call office.
FLATS WANTED. "* \
WANTED— By a man and wife, a well fur-
. nished flat of from 4 to 6 rooms; good ref-
erences. Address box 2014, Call office, stating
location and« price. ¦ " i,
FINANCIAL; ¦¦ . ¦ '
PAH-^^CoasTTlnderwrlting "co. (Inc.)—
have 43 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies - Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
¦ taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT. CO.. 326 Post st.
¦ . . FLATS TO LET. ._ _ _
O'FARRE—L, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath;
basement; yard; reasonable to good tenant -
255 A POST— Cozy flat three rooms and bath. f
SUNNY corner lower flat,. 7 rooms, bath; desir-
able; rent $32 60. with water. 1800 O'Farrell.
$16— FLAT of 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., bet
Third and Fourth. < ¦
FraNISHED~FL^T~WANTED^
WANTED— / about 2 months . from Novem-
. ; ber . 20, small • furnished ; flat |or suite '¦ of •4• or
: 6 rooms, with bath, near center of city. Ad-
¦ dress B. H., box 2049. Call office. : ¦' '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60, with No. 7
• range. ¦ : King Furniture : Co.. • 1127-1131 Market. ¦
FURNITURE .WANTED.
WILSON < buys all • kinds of . household goods.
1710 Market; tel. .South 413. • ¦'¦¦¦
10,000 YARDS old carpets wanted. D. GREEN-
WALT. 708 Valencia at ; tel. . Church 1186.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st. telephone Lark'.n
2782: highest price paid for furniture, , carpets.
TEL. ' Jessie : 761 ' before selling , furniture, • car-
peta. pianos, etc. _CH AS. LEVY. 1135 Market
¦: . FRAMES AND . PICTURES. * \ ¦
CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes ,st , i near
;¦ -Van ¦¦ Ness aye.— novelitios; oval : and :
odd-shaped ¦ frames. ¦- . ¦....-.•. .-• ¦." ¦ - .¦- • . • .
GLOVES.
D. _ F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; . kept in , repair. 121 Grant aye.
HE L P W ANTE D— FE MALE .
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
«• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, commercial hotel, $25; 2 waitresses,
' same hotel, near city, $20; 9 waitresses, city
and country, $20 and $25; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20; chambermaid to wait. $25; 2 cooks,
small boarding-houses, $25 and $30; middle-
aged woman to wash dishes few hours day,
$12 and found.
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 cooks, American families, $30; cook, German
family, $30; second girl. $20; housegirl, small
family, Alameda, $25. see party here; house-
girl, Berkeley, $25; many other choice places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st
WANTED— Head waitress for hotel. $35; 6
waitresses for hotels and restaurants, $20,
$2a and $8 a week; chambermaid and seam-
stress, $25; 6 parlor maids and second girls,
J<so and $25; nurse, $25; German lady's maid,
$2o; 2 girls for institution as dining-room
girls. $20; 2 laundresses. $25; 6 cooks, plain
wash, $30; 65 girls for housework, city and
country, $20, $25 and $30; lots of good places;
call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm 12.
Head waitress, $35; waitress, city, $20.
HAIRDRESSING thoroughly taught in 3 wks.;
manicuring, entire course, $5; shampooing,
scalp treatment, singeing, bleaching and dye-
ing; electrical face massage system. Includes
cupping, rolling, steaming, etc., everything
furnished; positions positively gntd. ; 3 good
positions open; graduates earn $75 to $125 mo.
S. F. Hairdressing College, 233 Geary, r. 13-15.
WANTED — Experienced seamstress for cloak
and suit alterations. Apply HALE BROS.,
bet. 8 and 11 a, m.
WANTED— Experienced cashier; one who un-
derstands shorthand. Apply WEINSTOCK,
LUBIN & CO.. Market and Taylor sts.
WANTED — Experienced crockery saleslady;
give reference and wages expected. Box 1780
Call office.
WANTED— Nurseglrl. sleeping home, for child
2 years old; state reference and wages. Ad-
dress Palace, box 1781, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wanted; good waist hand. 77«
_O'Farrell st.
GIRL to repair gents' clothing. Cal. Clothing
Renovatory, 116 Geary st
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
TWO good waitresses ; call early. 39 Market
st, Commercial Cafe.
WANTED— Good alteration hands. E. MES-
SAGER. 145 Post st
WANTED— Woman to work in kitchen of r«a-
taurant. 183 Seventh Bt
HOUSEKEEPER, small family, short distance
from city. Address box 1861, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands In
suits and waists. Call 107 Post st, store.
GIRL to assist In light housework; sleep home:
_wages $10. 1280 Eddy st
YOUNG girl to look after 2 children; Mission;
wages $10. 109 Montgomery at.
SMALL girl; assist in housework; family of 2;
sleep home optional. 1765 Ellis st
GIRL to assist in housework. 1235 Geary «t,
corner Gough.
¦ i
NOON waitress, also dishwasher; call early.
511 Brannan St., nr. Fourth; no Sunday work.
WANTED— Two salesladies. Apply at The
Monarch, 915 Market st.
ELDERLY lady to attend baby; good home to
right party; small wages. 1047 Valenoia et.
GOOD hands on vests who can make button-
holes. 641% Stevenson st.
GOOD buttonhole maker wanted; wages no ob-
ject to right party. 641% Stevenson st.
WANTED-A first-class waitress at 304 Mason
st. ; wages $8 a week.
TAILORESS wanted on ladies' garments.
1024 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to take care of children. 18 Chat-
tanooga st.
WANTED— A good girl to tend a shooting
gallery. 523 Pacific St.
WAITRESS wanted at 615 Valencia street
WANTED— Good, middle-aged woman in a
small family; wages $10. 232 Hickory aye
MACHINE operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 3214 Fremont st ; good
wages; no experience necessary; steady work.
Apply MR. DAVIS.
LADIES— Learn 20{h century profession for wo-
men; we teach hairdressing, shampooing,
manicuring, face steaming and massage, elec-
trical rolling, cupping, bleaching; latest meth-
ods; thorough instruc; everything furn.; day,
eve, classes; 3 weeks' course, $5. 727 Bush st
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee Bhirts; also a few bright girls about 14
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
RELIABLE girls with references can secure
good positions in private families at Boys'
Retreat Employment Bureau, 407 Eighth St.,
Oakland; phone black 2383.
WANTED — Girl to assist in housework and
store. 350 Duncan St., bet. 27th and 2Sth.
WANTED- Competent nurse for infant three
months old in Alameda. Box 1865, Call office.
OPERATORS on waists; steady work. NEW-
BAUER BROS.. 507 Market st.
GIRL wanted to assist in light housework.
1227 Golden Gate aye.
COMPETENT person for light housework,
cooking and small washing. 432 Fair Oaks st.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard St.,
bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
WANTED— GirI for housework. 504 Stelner st,
near Oak.
YOUNG girl assist; very light housework;
Sundays off. 2754 Twenty-third St.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 641 Market St.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloa-K
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillaiore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELPJiy ANTED MALE . _
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 684S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
OFFICE OPEN 7 AM. TO-DAY
6 laborers, gravel mine $60
5 laborers to cut brush $32 and found
5 laborers to do mucking $55 and found
8 more muckers, south $75
6 laborers, near city $2 day
10 2-horse teamsters, long Job $2 25 day
15 4-horse teamsters $2 25 day
10 woodchoppers; 20 tlemakers; 6 stablemen;
buggy washer and harness cleaner, $50;
Btabletnan, private stables, $25 and found....
Italian vegetable gardener, country, $40 and
house free
10 milkers; 15 ranch hands; 5 plow teamsters,
$30; 5 choremen; 6 choreboys; 5 basalt block
makers, see boss here
Sticker hand, country planing mill, steady
Job year round $3 day
Machine blacksmith, city; slack cooper;
blacksmith's helper country; young man to
work In planlng-mlll, city $2 day
Boy to learn to run machines planing-mlll,
$6 week; 6 boys for factory, city, $6 to $7 50
week „
HOTEL AND OTHERS
Cook, city hotel, $60; cook, country boarding-
house, $60; 5 other cooks; 10 waiters, $25 to.
$40; baker, country shop, $40 and found;
baker's helper, city Job. $20 and found; 15
kitchen hands; dishwashers
Butcher, country shop. $35 to $40 and found;
2 men some experience in butcher business.
$52; steward for company's boardlng-hou?e,
$75 and found; young man drive light delivery
wagon, city, $8 week; can washer, city, $25.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
YOUNG delicatessen man, $35 to $40 and board;
restaurant cook for country, $50; boarding-
house cook. $40; hotel and restaurant wait-
ress, $25, $30 and $40; night cook, $50;
taurant cook, $15, no Sunday work; porters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
METALLURGIST for smelter, $300 a month:
teamster for city, $35 and found; 2 carpenters,
short distance, $2 50 and $3 50 day; 10 wood-
choppers, $1 25 cord; 10 laborers for quarry,
$2 day; milker, $30; powder man for quarry;
2 single hand miners, $2 and board; cabinet
maker, $3 day; teamsters for lumber com-
pany, $55 to $70; setter for mill, $60 to $75;
2 machinists. $3 day; and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
AT W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
Stenographer and office work, country
$40 and found I
2 pruners, vineyard: see boss here $30
Farmer; see boss here $30 and $37 50
Farmer and plain blacksmith $26
Cook and second, for boat $40 and $25
Choreman and milk, ranch $25
Second baker, country shop $35 and fd
Buggy washer, stable $60
Laborer for ditch $2 25 a day
Scraper teamsters, country $2 25 a day
ANDRE'S office, 316^ Stockton st. Walter
plain hotel, $30; waiter, chopliouse, $35; cook,
$60; dishwasher, $6 a week; young man to run
elevator, hotel, $12 and fd ; boy to learn trade,
$3 50 a week: young man for Indoor work,
family, country, $20.; etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $40; waiters, country hotels, $40.
COATMAKER and pants and vest makers for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sut-
ter Bt.
THREE coatmakers for the country. J.
BAUMGARTAn it CO., 7 Montgomery St. j
HELP^WANTED—MALE-— Con.
WANTED— Mess attendants on U. S. S. Mo-
hican Immediately; must be American citi-
zens; cruise to Yokohama and return in ten
months.
WANTED— MaIe stenographer and typewriter
for railroad office; must be experienced Ir
railroad work. Apply to-day room 184 Crock-
er building.
WANTED— BiII clerk for wholesale mercantile
house; must be rapid writer, quick and ac-
curate at figures. Address In own hand-
writing, with references, box 2040. Call.
A RESPONSIBLE man to manage estab-
lished business In Seattle; references and j
bond required; good opening for right party, i
217 Geary st.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for a
plain every day business; will pay $60 to $65
a month; experience not required; place per-
manent. Apply at 765 Market st, room 3.
ERRAND boys wanted. GREENBERG A
GREENBERG, S.W. cor. Geary st. and
Grant aye. •
GOOD sober man as partner commiaelon busi-
ness; $75 required; this Is no fake; come and
see. FARSHMAX. 88 Third st, room 2.
WANTED— young man to run lever electrical
elevator: state age, experience and salary ex-
pected, box 1779, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced silk and dress goods
salesman; state age, experience and salary
expected. Box 1778, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Box 1777, Call office.
WANTED— Strong white boy, 17. to assist Jani-
tor, black boots and learn barber's trade;
good wages. Room 618, 328 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Agents to solicit f or"portralta ; good
inducements. Royal Portrait Co., 143 Sev-
enth st.
WANTED— City salesman on salary; must give
cash security for samples and only first-class
man need apply. 14 Flood building.
WANTED— An old man to take care of horses
and make himself useful; good home; small
wages. 1523 Point Loboa aye.
WANTED— Cash boys. Apply at S. N. WOOD
A CO.. 718 Market st
WANTED— First-class basters on coats. Apply
factory S. N. WOOD A CO., 27 Geary st.
BOY wanted. H. A. ROSENBAUM. Union-
square market.
PARCEL boy wanted for wholesale dry goods
house. Box 1776, Call office.
WANTED— Man with $200 to work in commls-
Blon business. 927 Market St.. room 208.
WANTED— Good union barber; steady for
Wed., Sat, and Sunday. 2197^ Powell st
BARBER wanted for Saturday afternoon and
Bunday; steady. Box 2036, Call ofllce.
BARBER wanted for Sunday only wages $2'
steady. Box 2036, Call ofilce.
BARBER— Good 2-chair shop doing $40 week.
cheap to-day. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellla.
RULER wanted. Apply to 204 Pine st
BOY wanted. HANCOCK BROS.. 73 Third st
BOY wanted to feed printing press. 808 Cali-
fornia st.
BL'SHELMAN at the California Clothing Ren-
ovatory, 116 Geary st
WANTED— Machinist and lronmolders. 505
Mission st
BOY of about 15 wanted in a dental oflce. Ad-
dress box 1782, Call office.
EXPERIENCED young man to feed and make
ready on Job presses. 16 Fremont at.
WANTED— A first-class dinner waiter at 304
Mason st. ; wages $3 50 a week.
WANTED— An underpresser on coats. 3 Brooks
St.. room 5.
WANTED— Carpenter; call early. 459 Steven-
son st.
YOUNG man 17-20 to take charge of cellar of
crockery store. After 9 a. m. at 108 Sixth St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged. >>a'f
price. 663 Mission St., bet Ist and 2d sta.
BOY about 16 years old. Carson Glov» Com-
pany, 35 Market st
ERRAND boy wanted. 304 Tehama st. near
Fourth.
GOOD coatmaker wanted; good pay; steady
work. Apply at 301 Franklin st
TAILOR wanted on fine custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng at 625 Com-
mercial st.
WANTED— Cook; small boardimc-house. 323
Main st.
WANTED— Bright young man; good paying
position; educated; furn. ref. Box 2033. Call.
WANTED—Reciuits for the martne corpn. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining; Co.,
near Weaverville, Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st, room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED— Salesman and delivery clerk for a
family liquor store in Sacramento; good
wages and prospects for right party: appli-
cant state references, age and experience.
Address iS," P. O. box 520, Sacramento.
WANTED— IOO teamsters by the E. B. &A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson, Ama-
dor County, Cal. ; wages for 2-horse team-
sters. $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
sters. $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Wax threat operator. Apply at
United Worklngmen Boot and Shoe Factory
Twenty-fifth and Bartlett sts.
WANTED— Reliable young man: plain -work:
no experience required; $15 week; must have
$125. 1221 Market st.. room 1. upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; good pay; steady
work. BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Mar-
ket st.
STRONG boy to work in store and drive dellv-
ery wagon. Apply 25th and Folsom sts.
WANTED— A boys' and children's salesman at
RAPHAELS.
WANTED — A men's clothing salesman at
RAPHAELS.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade. 799 Geary
st., cor. Hyde.
BOY wanted, butcher shop; care of horse and
drive wagon. WILSON Market, 377 Sixteenth.
ADVERTISING solicitor on Winchester House
register. Apply after 7 p. m. at office.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propoaitlone. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call Building.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. 8. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard.
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted: apply
1 a. m.. Stevenson-st. entrance. CHARLES
Lyons, London Tailor, 721 Market at
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c 563 Mission st. bet, lat and 2d sts.
BAILORS, ordinary for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart Bt.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 000 up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 7oo rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HOJRSES_AND_\VAGONS.
DO not fail to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, November 13, at 11 a. m., at the
I Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth st JOHV
I J. DOYLE, Auctioneer. J^«r»
TWO carloads fine team horses Just in; gentle
broke and adapted to delivery wacens; excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable: $60 to $l? 0
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
1 A— SOKREL team mares, young, sound, styl-
ish and gentle, for sale. TWOMEY, 820 Fol-
Bom st.
FOR Sale— By J. E. FINCH at Eclipse Stable
1375 Eddy st.. a fine lot of carriage, road an.l
business horses.
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon
1 jturney: all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CAVILL MFG. CO.. 4S Eighth St.
BIG horse suitable for express wagqn $45-
mare. $25; wagon. $35. 21 City Hall aye.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. aye.
CHEAP— New panel tody delivery, 1 laundry 1
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of war uggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EG _ SON. 2117 Mission st.
LAN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; Bend for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A.— SUNNY. 10 rooms, bath; near Van Ncsa
aye. ; rent reasonable. 1523 Bush st.
LOST AND FOU>D.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of FANNIE COHN; No. 148.747; th*
finder will please return to bank.
LOST A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San »Francisco. In the
name of MRS. E. M. CRAWFORD; -No. 156.-
286; the flniler will please return to bank.
LOST— November 11. purse from the Mission-st.
car to Oakland. Please return- to 1027 Sanehea
st. and receive reward; phone Capp
LOST— Brown and white English setter do«.
Liberal reward; return to 2721 Clay st.
LOST — November 12. silver chatelaine purse at
Louvre; valued as keepsake. Please return
to 1791 McAlliater at : liberal reward.
LOST— Sunday a checker board locket. « dia-
monds. Kelly & Brennan, 929 Market; reward.
LOST— Friday, from 5570 Vallejo st, Golden
Gate, small bay horce branded H. C. Re-
ward. '
LOST— SIOO reward; three diamond rings near
corner of Eighth and Adeline sts., Oakland.
$100 reward and no questions if returned to
DR. H. S. KERGAN. 1124 Eighth at, Oak-
land.
CERTIFICATE of deposit on the Nevada J.'a-'W
tlonal Bank In favor EMMET CARTER (No. f
6,490) for $140. Box 1588. Call office. '
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. need» old
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 foweU SCI
tel. Bush 421.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: estab. 1887; reliable and
confidential: list. 10c. Mrs. Herta. 706 Ellis at.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. and MRS. SWEET Is a graduate of th«
Royal University of Berlin; has had 25 years'
experience In midwifery cases; has opened
strictly private sanitarium at her own resi-
dence. 606 Guerrero St.. near Eighteenth;
takes ladies before and during confinement
with best of motherly care; terms very rea-
sonable; infants adopted; every case guaran-
teed to be restored to best or health; consulta-
tion and advice free; phone Blue 411.
DR. O'DONN'ELL— AII who ar« sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the moat obstinate cases hay*
been relieved by my medical treatment; (re*
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. O.
W. O' DON NELL. 1018 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH and MR3. KOHL, reliable
ladies' specialists for femalx complaints; in-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experleoc<tfW
private home before and during confinement.
410 O*Fa.rrell st.. near Taylor; hours 9 to ft.
THE original MRS. DAVIES Is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; offlc*
house 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; horn*
in confinement. 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist : a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialist*,
vwell known and reliable; 25 yeara' practice la
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 90S Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st, oppoait*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2ci-hand machinery. M>
INTOSH A VVOLPMA.V, 195-197 Fremont M.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock ot
saloen outfits on hand; 3li complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. IUI7. 1019. IU2I, 1023
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers. etc. : also wood-working tools, such aa
hand saws, wood planers, shapers, stickers,
mortisers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINB, 23a
Fremont st.
A NEW system of buying diamonds, watchea,
sealskins, trunks, valises, etc.. la being in- v
augurated at the Portland Loan Office. 23 \
Stockton st All you need is a very small
deposit
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern boilers and
engines bought and sold. KROGH 3£fg. Co..
9 Stevenson st.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A—s3A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
WE buy and sell nothing but second-hand car-
pets. D. GREENWALT A CO., 703 Valencia.
SEND 10c for a packet of "California Zephyr"
sachet. THE LAMBERT CO.. Oakland. Cal.
WINDMILL, pump and tank almost new. S\
MICHELSEN. 1230-32 Hampshire st
NTSW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers: oak;
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale: diamonds, precious stones)
bought. T. Fershtand, 126 Kearny St., rm. 29.
CHEAP — 4 hp. gasoline engine, 3team pump. 1
saw arbor, all kinds tools. 548 Mission st
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER A HAMILTON.
2D-HA.ND pipe 4, 3, 2, 1. H, m.; half prtc« at
new. H. S. WHITE. 518 Mission St.
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; reduc-
tion of $55. H. F. ALLEN. 202 Californla'st
BAR outfits, showcases- all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dresa A Tax-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton. |
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo- '
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and -M-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento »t.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale St.
FADTtBANKS" 10- ton hay scales: Jeweler's steel.
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CONTRACTORS to use coke ashes and clink-
ers. South Park Malt House. Brannan it.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
A PARTY lately from the East would 11k*
to borrow some money on diamonds. T. BL*
Call box 695.
A PAIR of genuine crown diamonds about l'-i
karats. Box 1974. Call office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205, Cali ofllce.
HIGHEST price paUl cast-off clothing;. Jewelry;
send goatal. J. COHN. 229 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 170« Market st
TILTON w,-nts good second-hand clothing; and
theatrics: . nils. 154 3th st. ; tel. Fnlsom 2522.
JHO*EY TO LOAN.
HERMAN"MIRPiIYr^O3 Examiner building.
$4,500,000 at lowest rates
Loans made «...
On first and second mortgage*
Life Interests in estates
Undivided interests In real estate 1
Property being held In truat T|
Life policies. Estates In probate
If you need money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY, 903 Examiner b!d».
A-MANHATTAN~LOAN COMPANY.
$300,000 at 8 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. W« will purchasa
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bids.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legaciea bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
THE Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton at.,
phone Bush 454, has a new idea !n money
lending; phjne mm or send word and we will
call; money lent on diamonds, watches, seal-
skins, etc.. also piano 3 and furniture, with-
cut removal at low rates, or call on urn; con-
fidential.
$250,000— EASTERN capital to loan at low rat*,
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
tereets in real estate, legacies, etc., also first-
class ranch property: will loan aa high as V 3
per cent of real value. W. L. HARPER,
364 Parrott building.
ANY propoattion. any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, Interest in estates, legacies, undivjrj^ll^
interests, securities, manufacturing and raeraP •
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room vJr
Ist floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEn!
RELIABLE corporation, established 1885. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest'
$ Grant aye., near Market st; t*L Black 447 j.MO^EY TO — Continued. I
'^V^IJHLY respectable private place to obtain
¦ .eral advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
1 est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant aye., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
6; city or farm property; long time; state
.-.mount desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra -
ries. Roods in warehouse, etc. .any amount ;low-
est rates: private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st
ON furniture, pianos and other collaterals,
lowest rate*; quick; by private party. 830
Market et., room 10.
$300. w0 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city;
$:30."00 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SOX. 412 Pine.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount-
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building. I
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
3 c ,'c on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, planes; no removal; no
commis. : confidential. Whitehead. 17C6 I^rket. :
I'S'r OX real estate; mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY, 314 Montgom. ]
ON* furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
SI 000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 6S. I
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome St.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 113 Phelan b'.g. j
THE TOI'SLEY Company; loans and . dis- :
counts. 321 Parrott building. I
LOANS money on salary; no indcrser: Eastern ¦
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock. I
both new and second hand, is the largest I
•*«** at Chicago and includes the most re- j
liable makers to choose from. New pianos j
cold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
tome good pianos for $". $4 and $5 per month. !
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, I
corner Ke&rr.y aad Sutter sts.. San Fran- !
cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth Et., i
Oakland. j
ALL highest grades told by the Heine Piano I
Co., ole agents most famous and oldest Amer- j
ican makes: easy payments; big allowance for <
¦ c-hand pianos: rents $2 up allowed; bar- j
rains. !. up; Stein ways, SHI: Chickerings, ;
I1S3; 50 others; agents wanted. We pay your ,
fare to and from any part of California if you
purchase. £17 Geary st.
ETECK. Everett, Hardir.an. Packard, Lud- !
vig. Harrington, Conover and other pianos. j
/These makes we are now offering for sale
" In our wholesale warerocms at SS3 Market '
t. to any retail buyer at wholesale prices;
100 empty piano boxes for sale at 50c each.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 533 Market.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS— ~~
•Second-hand upright pianos frcm $55 up.
Seccnd-har.d square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up- I
right planes from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ i
& SOX, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Mason !
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken bacK any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: co:-- you enly 20c a day to buy a ;
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30 ;
O'Farrell St.; established ISSO.
A SMALL Weber upright. $123; elegant walnut '
case Kr.abe upright, almost new; also Steck, ,
cak case: Hardman square, $45; organs $25
up. BOWERS & SOX. 23 Fifth St.. IVERS i
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
AP-K -JS about our new of selling pianos; !
how does $1 50 per wee«c strike you? Agents, [
for Wissner, Decker & Son, Baiimeister and
others. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
76S Market Bt.
ANOTHER lot cf high-grade new and second-
hand pianos Just put on sale for storage; dirt
cheap: mast sell; no reserve: installments if
desired. Wilsons Storage. 1706 Market st.
FOR Sale— A violin; a Stradivarius model. 576
Broadway.
S-5 — HERTZ piano; good for practice; Schaffer
upright, nearly new. $:-6. 217 Geary st- ,
/ LARGEfT standard upright piano: little used; :
" BOiag East account death: sacrifice. 502 Eddy. ;
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. j
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byrcn Ma-jey. Lester Hamilton, '¦
Spielmann pianos. 30$ Post st.
GOOD peeond-har.d upright for sale cheap. i
:.!rrz. is McAllister st.
ELEGANT piano as good as new: standard j
make; a sacrifice. Horr.ungs. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 ' Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger, Schubert and Eteinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
r.o. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
A.— SUNNY newly papered; light and janitor
free: $10 I ward. 410 Keamy st.
HALF OFFICE to rant; business block; Post
st. Address I). W. X., box 1860. Call.
COMPLETELY furnished offices and rooms at
31% Kearny St.: rent reasonable.
STORE to let, $7 per month. Apply 614 Shrader
ft., rear Waller.
OIL,.
OIL tanks. eecT.d-har.d, in good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. £16 Mission st.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered, ?:: up; leaks and plastering
repaired. 219 Third st.
PALMISTRY.
fH. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor 6t., bet Geary and Post; teL Black 561.
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain College,
reads from Ito 6. 700 Post: phone Hyde 23Si.
PERSONALS.
F. J. LYNCH, Swedish and Russian massage,
treated scientifically; recommended by the
leading physicians in the city.
15 Geary st., room 54. Office hours— lD,
12, 2, 5, 7, 10. Phone Bush 43; residence phone,
Hj-c. nil.
Special attention given to patients at their
homes. Facial and scalp specialty.
THE Ortus French remedies cure all scalp
and hair diseases; hair grown on bald heads; ,
gray hair restored; dandruff and falling hair :
and eczema cured; beautiful complexions l
guaranteed; shampooing done; also wrinkles
removed; office hours 9 to 12, 1 to 6; refined
lady specialist on hand to welcome you. 427
O'Fiarrell St., San Francisco, Cal.
INDIAJC baskets, Indian reiics, carios and an-
tiques bought NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
et., largest curio Etore in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
SURE cure for drunkenness, opium, morphine
habit; Mooeer Company Gold Cure; accom-
plished without publicity; confidential; full
¦SUrection; hundreds of testimonials; price 55
per bottle. Address 1125 Geary st. San Fran-
clsco, Cai.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or- i
der, $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair of pants free of charge; other suits on in-
etallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Mar-
ket t>t, between Seventh and Eighth.
BY communicating with Dr. Vun Biebersteln
A at once. Mr. Ferdinand Schilling will hear
A something to hi« advantage. CHAS. TEPPER,
365 Twelfth Bt., Oakland.
HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
pai/ilegi and without ecar. with electricity, by
MISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, SsjB
Eighteenth st., cor. Guerrero; tel. Blue 1361.
•BUSINESS Mere Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free: in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court
Room 611, Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3601.
MP.S. ERIGGS, dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
mole*, other facial blemishes permanently re-
moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances. 968 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
Si 60 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia St., S. F. ; tel. Church U. 71.
ELECTRIC light in every Winchester
Hot»! 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
Bind The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
¦ Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying: latest
Continental methods; electric rolcau; superflu-
ous hair removed by electrolysis. Mme. Zephey
Kia-ora. parlors 330 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
ANY one knowing the whereabouts of JUSTIN
VERGKER will please address JOSEPH
-jVERGKER, 2012 Fourth st.. West Berkeley.
"^RTISTIC halrdressing 25c; manicuring 25c;
Ifhampooing 50c; hair dyeing, wigs, switches
and front pieces. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
ELECTRICITY is life. Mme. Zella gives
treatments. 1020 Market st.
PERSONALS — Conttnned.
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
Ellk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth st.
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth* EOc, postpaid; free demon-
stration ; come and ccc us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post..
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Lro.idway.
GO TO THE GREAT BOOK AUCTION
TO-NIGHT AT 7:30
1049 Market Et. opp. McAllister st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF your hair is faling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 322 O'Farrell: send for circular.
A— VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 736 Valencia st, bet. ISth and ISth.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
STOP that — California Lung Balsam
will do it: all druggists; phone Pine 2386.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
I MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & C 0..733 Markt.
800 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
1 PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
j years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. ODONN ELL— and residence,
1021 1 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
I . testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
i DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay st.; see testimonials at office.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
' WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont St.
' REAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SALE.
i a sto^^l^ridge"^co^
638 Market Street
I EAST OF POLK AND SOUTH OF SUTTER
STREETS.
! — Three modern Hats of 7, 7. 8 rooms and
bath, and a cottage on rear street of
5 rooms and bath; pays $1560 per an-
num; this being inside property, is
a gilt edge investment, and the pres-
ent low rentals can easily be raised; I
key lot 27:6x137:6 feet.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
—Three new modern flats of 6, 6, 7 rooms
and bath: north side of street; just com-
pleted: rent $1170 per annum, or 1 per
cent per month; a gilt edge permanent
investment in a rapidly improving dis-
trict; lot 25x103 feet.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY.
! MISSION STREET INSIDE OF 7TH STREET.
I $14,000— Southeast line of Mission st, near new
poEtoffice; frontage of 35 feet; 2 houses
7 rooms and bath each; property in this' j
block recently sold for $600 per front
foot.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
ON YOUR OWN TERMS.
AT YOUR OWN PRICE.
-Handsome cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
modern; on the north side of Waller St.,
near Scott; no log or wind; lot 29:9 x
137:6 feet; make offer.
MUST BE SOLD.
J3.750 — Handsome modern house of 7 rooms and
bath on a northeast corner near Haight
and Broderick sts. ; magnificent pano-
ramic view at San Francisco and bay j
.shore cities; this property cost present !
owner over $8000; a great opportunity |
to make a quick turn; lot 26:3x56:3 feet
PAYS OVER 13 PER CENT.
, $2,750 F0ur well built flats of 4 rooms each;
only 7 years old; in the Mission warm
belt; pays $420 per annum: always rent-
ed to a good class of tenants; large lot
i 2fixloGo feet.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
I $3,230 — Two-story house of 8 rooms; key lot;
Lyon st. near Sutter; lot 25x119:4 feet.
FINE BUILDING LOT.
J22So— Green st., near Van Ness aye.; fine site
for flats.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
638 Market Street.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST.
Opposite Kearny. * .
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
$700 Cash — Balance $1300 mortgage can re- j
main: 5-room cottage In the Mission; Twenty- j
j fourth st. car line.
$3Soo— Jor.es-Et flats; rents $41; let 45 ft. i
: frontage. .
—Two modern flats; only half block j
from Market f-t; rents $49: cost nearly $7500.
JGSOG — Corner; marine view; splendid im-
provements; rents $60.
$*000— Vicinity Post and Stockton sts.; 9- j
i room house and lot.
$10.000— cor. Oak and Buchanan sis.;
substantial 12-room residence: 42-ft. frontage.
— New Van Ness aye. flats; rents
$125; a safe buy.
$16,500 — Panhandle corner; 2 new buildings;
rents $142; lot 37x115 ft.
$15,000— Leavenworth-st investment; E7-ft.
front; rents $105; always rented.
$19,500— Modern improvements; lot 72x137:6; i
I rented at $170.
$35.000— Corner close to Mercantile Library; .
lot Soxl20; I frontages; partly improved; rents I
• S2CS. ;
$35,000— Mission St., near Fourth: splendid 1
brick structure; elevator: good high base-
ment; rent ?250; one tenant
$40,000 Sutter-st. corner; east of Jones;
Etcres and lodging-houses; SO ft. frontage.
$42,000— Post-st. corner; downtown; rents
$240; 67 ft. frontage.
— Corner, within 2 blocks from Market
and Mason sts.; 58 ft. frontage; level and
I just the site for stores and apartment or
lodging-house.
$175.000— Market St., near Taylor; 50 feet;
splendid building; rents $760.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
67 Market st.
WESTERN Addition residence wanted to pur-
chase; north of Pacific aye., east of Lyon st.
or Presidio Reservation to Van Ness aye.;
the buyer wants a marine view if possible,
and expects a bargain.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
: ANY one who has a lot to sell on Vallejo,
Green Union, Filbert. Greenwich or Lom-
bard, between Van Ness aye. and Devisadero
can find a buyer by calling on W. J. GUNN,
530 California St.
SPECIAL attention given to probate sales of
real estate; executors, administrators and at-
torneys who represent estates, and who wish
to dispose, of real estate, will do well to
send a description of it to the undersigned,
who has buyers that will submit bids, and
who stand ready to purchase. W. J. GUNN,
£30 California st
i $4400— A GREAT bargain: 22 lots in heart of
city; beautiful marine view; only $200 per lot.
THE PHELPS-LEWIS COMPANY,
395-396 Parrott building.
! INVESTMENT property near Seventh and Na-
tcma sts.: price reduced. THE MCCARTHY
CO., 646 Market st.
BARGAIN $2100. terms; house, 9 rooms; lota
to suit. SHADBURNE, 616 Sacramento St.
$350 EACH— Corner lots: Eugene aye.; frontage
! 3 streets; graded; cash or install. 360 Jessie.
I FOR eale— Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
"and yard: hal» cash. 3022 Pierce st
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
BALE OR EXCHANGE.
A highly improved country home and invest-
ment property near San Jose, consisting of 189
I acres, of which 100 acres are planted to the
1 finest variety of resistant wine grapes. There
is a family orchard surrounding the buildings.
: The improvements consist of a large 12-room
I modern residence, with spring water piped
throughout. The house is surrounded by hand- ,
¦ some grounds containing a large fish pond and
i fountain. There are also stables and other !
' ranch buildings. The house sets on a sufficient
elevation to command a beautiful view of tha ;
j Santa Clara Valley. The wine industry Is as-
: sured good prices for years to come and wine
grapes are selling for $25 to $30 per ton, .which
makes a resistant vineyard an investment prop-
osition. This property Is worth your immediate
I investigation. For full information call on or
: address McAFEE BROTHERS,
; IPS Montgomery st., San Francisco.
; EXECUTRIX auction sale of the fine ranch,
! live stock and farming implements of the late
1 Frank Haera, Esq., Midway, Alameda Coun-
ty. Sale Saturday, November 16, at 1 p.m.
The ranch comprises 648 acres. It is one of
the richest and Choicest ranches in Livermore
Valley; springs all over ranch; houses, barns,
I etc. Will be subdivided into quarter sections
I If desired. Sold on terms to suit. Also 6
; horses, 100 tons of hay, 60 head of cattle,
farming Implements, etc. This is a grand
1 chance to get a fine ranch at your own price;
1 no limit; must be sold. By order of the ex-
ecutrix, MRS. C. HAERA. J. A. MUNRO &
¦ CO., auctioneers. Office Alameda. Cal.
' 40- ACRE almond orchard for sale; a snap bar-
gain; trees are healthy and In good bearing;
I at $150 an acre cash ; 53 miles from San Fran-
cslco; river transportation; fare 60c from San
Francisco by boat; 1 year's crop will pay the
amount asked for the land; lovely climate.
For further particulars apply at store of CON-
RADI & GOLDBERG, 730 Montgomery, 8. F.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
Email tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 202 California st, for pam-
phlets and information.
$2300— IMPROVED foothill farm. ' 204 acres : El
J Dorado Co., near R. R. Box 222, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901.
REAL ESTATE: — COUNTRY For Sale
FOR rent for a term of years — acres adjoin-
ing Santa Ro^a, Sonoma County; under high
cultivation; everything complete. 1338 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A MILLIONAIRE S HOME]
Offered because he has gone East.
$20.000 — House 8 rooms and 2 baths; built
1900; every modern convenience; ideal in
every respect; must be seen to be appreciated;
lot 75x175; prominent corner; 1004 Grand St.,
X.E. corner San Jose aye.. in Alameda, near
local train to S. F. ; electric cars pass prop-
erty; key at office.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
160 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EIGHTH, 348, near Market— Large Bunny
alcove room, with or without kitchen; bath.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny housekeeping room;
closets, stove, bath; private; $1 50 a week.
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny completely furnished
front bay-window rms.; range; electric lights.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front housekeeping suite,
$12; single room for gentleman, $5 50.
LINDEN aye.. 316— Large sunny front room for
light housekeeping; also single room.
OAK, 119 — Front room furnished housekeeping,
$9 50; small front, $6; basement rooms, $9.
OCTAVIA, 303%— 2 furnished connecting rooms
for housekeeping; rent $10 per month.
SUITE of three or four handsomely furnished
rooms with privilege of light housekeeping;
refined private family; Western Addition;
phone Jackson 981. Box 1805, Call office.
TURK, 645—2 furnished front rooms for house-
keeping; gas, bath and phone.
I VAN NESS aye., 807— Elegantly furnished suite
! and kitchen. $35.
! CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. ;
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and !
subscriptions has been established at 1096 i
Valencia st. ¦
ROOMS TO LET 1 urn. and Inf urn.
BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Roomsf
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and ;
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
' ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant.
: ¦unny; grill attached; country visitors find no
! place like the Argyle; take McAHister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third— 2oo rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c; $1 to $3 week. '
A SUNNY suite and singles, neat and clean;
bath, phone; prices low. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)—
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLARA, 166, near Fifth— or 4 rooms; rent
low.
j CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. i
! EDDY, 592, near Franklin— Sunny front suite,
with piano.
I ELLIS, Front parlor and 2 large rooms;
finely furnished; sunny; reasonable; private,
ELLIS. Nicely furnished room with pri-
vate bath attached.
•FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
rOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 !>er week.
FOLSOM, 830— Single sunny rooms with oil
stoves, $1 per week; quiet house.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated. •
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 622—1 sunny single front
. room; gas and bath.
1 GOLDEN GATE aye., 1521—3 large unfurnished
rooms; also 2 rooms In rear.
| GOUGH, 437— Light furnished- rooms, sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites.
| HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis St.— Sunny out-
side rooms; single, $2; suites, $3 50 per week;
newly renovated; elevator; baths.
i HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st., near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward: special rates by tha
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— fur-
i nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
i O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
j offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
! ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— lncandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8; months, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. ¦
SUTTER, 320U (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
WELL lighted rooms, single and double: also
suited for offices; central location, near Hall
of Justice. Apply top floor, 16 Montgomery ay
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lu.iti
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ALMORA, 20th and Mission— furnished
I suites and single; warm belt; tourists at spe-
; cial rates; tirst-class board If desired.
j $18 — 1021 SUTTER — Large front rooms; sepa-
; rate beds; alcove; hot and cold water; Span-
ish practice.
! GUERRERO, 104, block from Market— Elegant
' sunny suite, fur. or unfurn.; terms reasonable.
j GUERRERO, 104— Large sunny single rooms;
! running water; use bath; terms reasonable.
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Ness aye. v
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished parlors;
i all conveniences; other sunny suites; best
table board. . .
[ POST, 1414. 2 blocks above Van Ness— Sunny
j rooms with board; newly furnished; hotel cx-
i perience.
i THE CORBIN. 836 Sutter— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
cellent table. ¦
' HOTEL Repelier. 7SI Sutter— Newly furnished;
; excellent table; special rates to tourists.
: LARGE nicely furnished front room use par-
lor; piano and phone, 850 Van Ness aye.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
room?, bath; board optional: single rooms.
SUNNY front parlor suite with board for 4 In
private family, $18. 516 Jones st. ;. telephone.
; WANTED at 2026 Pine St., a few first-class
boarders with references.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 panes, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
1 WANTED— By' elderly gentleman, room and
board in private family: location preferred
between Geary, Sacramento, Taylor and Van
I Ness; not over $25 a month. Address box
1784, Cair Of flee. __^
RUPTURE SANITARIUM.
I RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA-
RIUM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
I BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country- PACIFIC COLLECTION
' CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
i ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
palrlng: lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 '6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage Xnd~Movtng~Co?r
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st; tel. Howard 941, F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281. -
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. r .
TYPE WTUT^RS_AND_SUPPLIE9.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We"
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 26«.
WEBSTER -Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEXD NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company,
room 16, second floor. Mills building, San
Francisco, Nov. 6, 1901.— Dividend No. 194, of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company, will be pay-
able at the office of said company, room 16,
second floor. Mills building, on Nov. 15, 1901
Transfer books will close on Saturday Nov
9, 1901, at 2 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesjterday:
Ezra W. Hyde, 47, 2508 McAllister street
and Bertha P. Guion, 43, 2508 McAllister street
Lloyd W. Bryant, 27, Vallejo, and Alice C.
Cunningham, 25, Vallejo.
William J. Bell, 37, Bellvale, and Annie
White, 28, 537 Bella Vista avenue.
Emll Schoenwald, 21, 647 McAllister street,
and Maude Husted, 18, 1806 McAllister street.
Marcellus R. Cummins, 34, 925 Howard street,
and Viola L. S. Schonig, 22, 1069 Mission street.
Robert R. Stephenson, 21, 4 Zoe street, anu
Margaret T. Toner, 18. 4 Zoe street.
Ernest P. Rawling, 26, city, and Carrie Side-
man. 20, city.
Louis E. Clay, 21, 965 Oak street, and Ella
L. Whitney, 18, 965 Oak street.
Max Mendelson, 31, 631 Stevenson street, and
Dora Cohn. 25, 631 Stevenson street.
George W. Bennett. 25, 833 A Howard street,
and lna D. Mclntyre, 26, 833 A Howard street.
Gaudenzio L. Martella, 31, Monterey, and
Anuncita Giottonini, 21, city.
Everett J. Royce, 23, Emeryville, and Eva
F. Boardman, 19, Oakland.
Charley D. Gates, 27, Vacaville, and Ida E.
Butzer, 22. Portland. Or.
Edward S. Swan, 31, 1534 Sutter street, and
Ruth I. Metcalfe, 21, 2319 Central avenue.
Jay Yun Gum, 43, 1032 Dupont street, and
Chun Chuey .King, 21, 936% Dupont street.
BIRTHS-MRPJA&ES^DEATHST
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
CORDES— BLECHER— In this city, November
9, 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Charles
F.- Cordes and Rosa M. Blecher.
FKEY— BARTHOLD— In this city, November
9, 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Her-
mann P. T. Frey and Frieda Barthold.
HOLMES— BENFELDT— October 26, 1901, by
the Rev. Robert Mackenzie, William Holmes
of Philadelphia and Hannah M. Benfeldt of
San Francisco.
LAURITZEN-LAURITZEN-In this city, No-
vember 11. 1901, by Thomas F. Dunn, Jus-
tice of the Peace, Frederick C. Lauritzen and
Annie L. Lauritzen, both of Rio Vista, So-
lano County, Cal.
DIED.
Bailey, Jennie H. Lagomarsino. R.
Bustin, John T. Loebbing (infant)
Casenave, Marie McWllliams. Kate D.
Clark, Harry Moran, Violet M.
Coleman. Julia M. Peterson, Louise
Oomstock, Nellie Reid, Thomas C.
Daggett, Hon. R. 11. Rosenblrg. Morris
Dana, Raymond Ryhner, Mag-dalcne
Davis, David Skehen, James
Deacon, Helen M. Sonnenberg, Elise
Driscoll, Cornelius E. Solomon, Robert H.
Farrell, Mary Sullivan, Wm. P. Jr.
Hale, Fanny Tosi, Arthur
Hanson, Elizabeth A. Van Dusen, Edward
Jackson, Mary Van Wye, Mary X
Jewell. Lydia E. Wait, Henry O.
Kelley, Charles A. White, James F.
BAILEY— In this city, November 11, 1901, Jen-
nie H., beloved wife of Fred L. Bailey, and I
mother of Maybelle L. Bailey, a native of j
New Orleans, La., aged 41 years 6 months
and 23 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 719 Folsom street. Interment pri-
vate.
BUSTIN— In San Rafael. Cal.. November 9.
1901, John T. Bustin, beloved husband of
Kate Bustin (nee Fitzgerald), father of John
T., Frank -F. and Joseoh S. Bustin, eon of
Mrs. Mary A. BuFtln, and brother of Frank
and Georgie Bustin.
lE?"Friends and acaualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Wednesday), from his late residence on A
street, between Second and Third, thence to
St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn hign
reijukm mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CASENAVE— In this city. November 11. 1901.
Marie Casenave. beloved wife of Antolne
Casenave, a native of France, aged 63 years. |
IC^'Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-morrow j
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Julius S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
COLEMAN— In Oakland. November 12. 1901,
Julia M. Coleman.
EyFuneral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from 1268 Harrison street, Oakland.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
CLARK— In this city, November 11, 1901,
Harry, beloved son of Edward and Lena
Clark, and brother of Eddie, Stella and John
Clark, a native of San Jcsi, aged 3 years and
9 months.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day |
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1614% Leavenworth street. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COMSTOCK— In this city, November 12, 1901,
Nellie, beloved wife of Rufus R. Comstock,
mother of Harvey and Roger Comstock, and i
sister of John R. Cassidy, a native of Gold j
Hill, Nev., aged 25 years 8 months and 24 |
days.
DAGGETT— In this city. November 12, 1901,
Hon. R. M. Daggett, beloved father of Mrs.
Ross Campbell of Santa Rosa and Mrs. John
P. Roelofsz, aged 70 years and S months.
DANA— In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 12, 1901, Raymond .Dana, a native of
Spain, aged 24 years.
DAVIS— In the City and County Hospital, No.
vember 11, 1901, David Davis, a native ol
California, aged 23 years.
DEACON— In this city. November 12, 1901,
Helen M.. wife of William Deacon, a na-
tive of Duchess County, New York.
pTThe funeral services will take place to-
morrow (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 3320 Twentieth street, between
Mission and Valencia. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
DRlSCOLL— Departed this life November 11,
1901, Cornelius Edward, beloved husband of
Julia A. Driscoll, and father of Mary M.
Driscoll, a native of London, England, aged
72 years and 4 months.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), from St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Ceme-
tery.
FARRELL— In this city, November 11. 1901, at
Et. Mary's Hoppital, Mary, beloved wife of
Edward Farrrll, a native of County West-
meath. Ireland, aged 50 years.
tC^The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALE— In Alameda, November 10, 1901. Fanny,
beloved wife of Charles E. Hale, and mother
of Florence. Mary L. and Robert T. Hale,
a r.atlve of Ohio, aged 57 years.
E^Funeral from the residence, IS3B Ala-
meda avenue, to-day (Wednesday), at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Funeral private.
HANSON— In Berkeley, November 12, 1901,
Elizabeth Ann Hanson, a native of New York
[ State, aged 82 years and 10 months.
JACKSON— In this city, November 11, 1901,
Mary Jackson, dearly beloved wife of John
Jackscn, and mother of Caroline Jackson, a
native of Enzland. aged 38 years S months
and 11 days. (Phlladelshla papers please
copy.)
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ths funeral to-morrow
(Thuisday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 218 Lexington avenue. Interment
Mount OHvet Cemetery.
JEWELL— In this city. November 12, 1901
Lydia E., widow of the late A. M. Jewell,
mother of Alice and Mattie Jewell, and aunt
of C. C. Flagg of San Francisco and E C
Flagg of San Jcse, a native of Litchfleld
Me., aged 72 years. (Maine, New Hamp-
shire and Massachusetts papers please copy )
(C^Frlends are Invited to attend the fu-
neral services to-morrow (Thursday), at 11 SO
o'clock, at the parlors of the First Unitarian
Church, corner Franklin and Geary streets.
Interment private In Mountain View Ceme-
I tery.
KELLEY— In this city, November 10 1901
Charles A., beloved husband of Kittle Kellev
and father of Charles and Arthur Kelley "a
native of Boston, aged 38 years and 29 days
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend t* funeral to-day
(Wednesday), , at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 969 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mjrr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. *
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UINDBkTAKERS.
Samuel MrFadrien, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcßrearty. with the same company for \<i
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
LAGOMARSINO— In this city, November 12,
1901, Rolando Lagomarsino, dearly beloved
husband of Rosa Lagomarsino, and loving
father of Annie, Rosie and Joseph Lagomar-
sino, a native of Italy, aged 51 years and 6
days.
. [C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 538 Clement street, corner Seventh ave-
nue (Richmond district). Interment New
Italian Cemetery.
LOEBBING— In this city, November 12, 1901,
Infant son of John J. and Mary Ann Loeb-
bing, a native of San Francisco.
McWILLIAMS— In Alameda, November 11, 1901,
Kate Dode McWilllams, dearly beloved
daughter of Kate and the late William Mc-
Williams, and beloved sister of Emma Mc-
Wllliams and Mrs. R. H. Countryman, a
native of San Francisco. (Vallejo papers
please copy.)
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
pariors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment private.
MORAN— In this city, at Ocean View, Novem- !
ber 11, 1901, Violet Martha, beloved daughter :
of Thomas F. and Lucinda Moran, sister of .
Lucinda. Thomas F. and Ethel Rose Moran. '
granddaughter of Mrs. Lucinda Hayden, and i
niece of Mrs. Jennie Harris, John K. Ward I
and Ruth Ann Ott (nee Ward), a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 2 months and 4
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 50 Minerva street. Ocean View. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLAGUEZ— In this city, November 12, 1901,
Fraacisca Olaguez, dearly beloved mother of
August and Thomas Olaguez, and grand-
mother of Lottie. Frances, August, Thomas |
and Frank Olaguez, a native of Durango, j
Mexico, aged 52 years 1 months and 8 days.
PETERSON— In this city, November 11, 1901,
Louise, beloved wife 'of Charles Peterson,
and daughter of Augusta Johnson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 29 years B months and
1 dajs.
(CT'The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'ciock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. I
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REID— In this city, November 12. 1901, Thomas j
C. Reid, a native of London, aged 59 years
10 months and 11 days.
(Cy Notice of funeral in Saturday morning's
papers.
ROSENBERG— In Oakland, November 12. 1901. |
Morris Rcssnberg, aged 85 years and 7
months.
RYHNER— In this city, November 11, 1901, I
Magdalene Ryhner (nee Reichmuth), dearly j
beloved wife of Charles Ryhner, sister of :
Anthony Reichmuth. sister-in-law of Felix, !
F. Xavler and Joseph Ryhner, Mrs. Agatha |
Kreuzer, Mis. Mary Orsi, Mrs. Catharina j
Roemer and Mrs. Josephine Wacker. and 1
aunt of Mrs. Camenisch, Mrs. E. Scherer and j
Miss Mathilda Kreuzer, a native of Schwyz, 1
Switzerland, aged 54 years 4 months and 20
days.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow 1
(Thursday), at 7:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, corner of Army and Folsom :
streets, thence to St. Anthony's Church, '
Army street, near Folsom, where a solemn |
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the :
repose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. I
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SKEHEN — An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
the late James Skehen to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock, at St. John's Church (Old
St. Mary's College). Friends are invited to
attend.
SOLOMON— In this city. November 10. 1901.
Robert H., beloved husband of Margaret
Solomon, and father of Searl, Sydney and
Walter Solomon, a native of Atlanta. Ga.
ET'The funeral will take place to-day
(Wedresday). at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
Of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SONNENBERG— November 11, 1901, Elise Son- :
nenberg, sister of Mrs. Henry Blath, Mrs. C.
Neustadt and Samuel Sonnenberg, a native
of San Francisco.
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 11, 1901,
William P. Sullivan Jr., dearly beloved hus- ¦
band of Catherine F. Sullivan, a native of ;
Randolph, Mass., aged 44 years.
(Tv'The funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the fam-
ily residence. 209 Central avenue, thence to
St. Agnes Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Friends
and acquaintances are invited to attend.
Please omit flowers. Interment Holy Crtsj
Cemetery.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS— AII of-
Bean and officers on the retired list of the
League of the Cross Cadets are hereby or-
dered to assemble at the residence of the
late Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr.. 209 Cen-
tral avenue, to-day (Wednesday), at 9:15
o'clock, in full uniform, with side arms. By
order of COLONEL DANIEL C. DEASY.
P. J. HAGGERTY, Capt. and Adjt.
TOSI— In this city, November 12, 1901, Arthur
Tosi, dearly beloved son of Robert and Annie
Tosi. and brother of Robert, Ernest and .
Edna Tosi. a native of San Francisco, aged '
7 years and 2 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday)', at 1:30 o'clock, from his
parents' residence, 227 Vi Francisco street. ,
thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit !
flowers.
VAN' DUSEN— In this city, November 11, 1901, i
Edward, beloved husband of Ellen Van Du-
sen. a native of Connecticut, aged 73 years
and 9 months. (Connecticut paoers please
copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. L. Gallagher, 212 Moulton street, oft
Fillmore, between Greenwich and Lombard.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WAIT— In this city. November 12. 1901, Henry *
Olivet Wait, a native of Montreal, Canada, !
aged 84 years 3 months and 11 days.
E7" Funeral and Interment private.
VAN WYE— In Oakland, November 12, 1901. !
Mary E.. beloved wife of Scott Van Wye, j
and mother of Leslie and Evelyn Van Wye,
a native of California, aged 33 years 2 j
months and 8 days.
WHITE —In Alameda, November 12, 1901, James
F. White, eldest son of Colonel James M.
and the late Sarah F. Wh+te. husband of Mary :
E. and father of Daisy C. White, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 56 years.
[ryN'otice of funeral hereafter.
EAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
J Louis and Sarah Getz to Solomon Getz, lot ;
! on SE corner of X street and Twenty-third aye
; nue, S 100 by E 32:6; also lot on S line of X
street, 67:6 E of Twenty- third avenue, E 25 by
; S 100; ?10.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to '
James B. and Jennie Cavanaugh, lot on S line |
of N street, 57:6 E of Eleventh avenue, E 50 1
by S 100: $10.
Elizabeth and W. A. Hicks to Maurice L. '
Asher, lot 47, in block 46, Sunnyslde; JlO.
; John H. Wise to Olive Verkouteren (widow). '
1 lot on NW corner of Woolsey and Gerard I
' streets, W ?1 by N WO, lots 1 to 3, block 10, Uni
verFity Mound Survey Homestead; $10.
! Harry E. Wise to same, same, quitclaim deed; '¦
$1.
Ferdinand Rels to Southern Pacific Company ;
(corporation), undivided half of lot at intersec- 1
! tion NE line of Gerard Ftreet and W line San
Bruno avenue. W ICO. S 240, E 135, N 264. Point
Vlsitacion Rancho, known as Piper and Reis
Tract; *10.
Cora B. Clift to John B. Clift. lot on S lne ':
of Fulton street, 206:3 E of Buchanan, E 22:11
by S 120; gift.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Fanny
p.nd' Willa Danson and Mary Lee. lot on W
line of Broderick street, 55 S of Eddy, S 27:6 ,
I by W 100; $1000.
Isabella M. and Richard S. Williams to i
1 Charles Ehn, lot on N line of Pacre street, 106:3 !
' W of Ashbury, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Henry Felge to Fred Sauener, lot on N line !
of Clipper street, 230:1V4 Eof Sanchez, E 2.>:5 : 3 '
by N 114; ?10.
John R. Keefe to George E. Keefe, lot on S j
line of Union street, 62:6 W of Jones, W 30 by !
! S 120; $10.
Edward J. and Nellie E. Coakley to Casi- ;
i miro di Christina, lot on SW line of Clinton
' (Harriet) street, 75 NW of Brannan, NW 25 by
SW 80; $10.
Mary E. Dewing (widow) to Maurice P.
Corrldan, lot on SW corner of B street and
Twenty-second avenue. W 32:6 by S 100; SlO.
John "Wallace to Hanorah Wallace, lot on N
line of N street, r,7:6 W of Seventeenth avenue,
W SO by N 100; gift.
George M. Mitchell and Ella C. Mitchell (by
attorney) to John R. Kropp. lot on W line of
Nineteenth avenue, 100 S of N street, W 120 by
S 26; $16.
Alexander Lyons to Mary Lyons, undivided
I one-thlnl of following: Lot on SW corner of
I Eighteenth and Douglas streets, W 24 by S 92,
I portion of lots 1, 3 and 5, block 1, Pioche &
i Robinson's subdivisions of San Miguel Rancho;
also lot on E line of Douglas street, 125 S of
Eighteenth, 8 25 by E 123: gift.
Francis E. Barieau to William Wolf, lot on
N line of Broad avenue, 110 E of Capital street,
E 60 by N 125, block J, Railroad Homestead
Association; $10.
Thomas E. Rock to James F. Rock, re-record
1703 D. 339, NW line of Telegraph or county
road (Mission street), 81 NE of Ottowa avenue,
NW 234 N"E 80, E 220, SW SI, lot 14, block 2,
West End Map 1; *10.
James B. Haggin (by attorney) and Lloyd
Tevlg to David N and Emanuel Walter, re
record 1352 D. 203, SE line of Jessie street, 113
NE of New Anthony, NE 51 by SE 87:6; $10,200.
Frieda Niemann to Louise Franz (Niemann),
undivided one-quarter of the following: Lot on
S line of McAllister street, 110 E of Gough E
27:6 by S 120; also lot on S line of McAllister
street. 82:6 E of Gough. E 27:6 by S 120; also
lots 47 to 50, block 11. Sunnyslde; $10.
Bertha Behlow (widow). Anna C. and Wil
liam M. Fisher, Bertha C. and D. L. Beard
and Charles J. and Dudley E. Behlow to Beh
low Estate Company (corporation), lot. on W
line of Octavla street. 68 N of Pine, N 39:6 by
W 137:6; also lot on N line of Bush street, 137 :R
E of Broderick, E 20 by N 137:6; also lot on N
line of D street 77:1 E of Thirty-sixth avenue,
E 50 by N 105: also lot on E line of Twenty
third avenue. 200 8 of Point Lobos, S 50 by E
120- also lot on NE corner of D street and
Twenty-fourth avenue. N 200. E 120, N SO, W
120 N 320. E 240. S 600, W 240; also lot on E
line of Twenty-fourth avenue. 150 N of A
street. N 100 by E 120; also lot on SE corner
of Twenty- fourth avenue and A street, E 158:5,
SW 164:6, N 44:7; also lot on W line of Eight
enth arenue, 200 S of Clement street. S 45. S
45' i degrees. W 43 :G. S 83% degrees, W to a
point 120 W of Clement street and Eighteenth
avenue, N to a point 200 S of Clement, E 120;
also lot on S line of Geary street, 77.6 E of
Powell, E 87:6 by S 137:6: $10.
Jacob P. Engle to W. J. Engle. lot at inter
section of Fillmore and Francisco streets, E
137:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Margaret J. Wall (widow) to Rose Beer
(widow), lot on E line of Devisadero street,
102:SVi N of Washington, N 25 by E 110: $10.
Ellen and John H. Boardman to Annie Kron
berg (widow), lot on S line of Sacramento
street, 82:6 E of Broderick, E 27 by S 105: $10.
A. B. McCreery to John Grace, lot on W line
of Baker street 576 S of Golden Gate avenue,
S 25 by W 121:i0^4; $2100.
Gottfried and Hulda Y. Petterson and Sven
and Karolina Persson to Amanda Nllsson (wife
of O. L.), lot on E line of Castro street, 'JO N
of Fifteenth. N 25 by E 48; $10.
Albert Horiger to Aug. and Tekla Arvidaon,
re-record 1642 D. 313. E line of Sanchez street,
30 S of Twenty-seventh. S 25 by E SO; $10.
August and Tekla Arvidson to Mary A.
Campbell, same; $10.
Jose Guardiola to Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco, lot on S line of California
street, 71:3^4 E of Sansome, E 20 by S 89: $10.
Harvey C. and Eliza F. Somers to Catherine
Mullany (widow), lot on NE line of First
street, 87:6 SE of Folsom. SE 50 by NE 57:6: $10.
Emanuel Walter (by attorney). Hannah Wal
ter (widow), Adele W. Heller. Rosa W. Meer
tief, Clarence R. and Herbert D. Waller (by
attorney) to Robert Dalziel, same; $10.
Amos Mecartney to J. J Raver. lot on SE
line of Sherwood place 220 NE of Third street,
NE 17:6 by SE :5. quitclaim deed; $10.
Adolf and Anna Mantke to Richard N. Na
son, lot on W line of Utah street, 262:6 S of
Alameda, S 4fi by W 100; $10.
John H. Hammond to William J. Dempsey.
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth (Sonoma) street.
25 E of Rhode Island, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Emma Huber (widow) to James F. and
Annie A. Casey, lot on N line of Lake street,
32:6 W of Eighth avenue, W 29 by N 72; $10.
John Smith to Anna Smith, lot on S line
of Clement street. 100 E of Sixteenth avenue,
E 25 by S 100; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Minnie P. Shotwell (owner), with McPhee
Company, corporation (contractors), architect,
Nathaniel Blalsdell— Cutting, setting and anch
oring of sandstone and granite work (includ
ing street curb) for a six-story and basement
brick building on S line of Eddy str?et, 137:6
W of Mason, W 25 by S 137:6: total. $2950.
Same owner, with Western Iron Works, cor
poration (contractors), architect, same — Cast
iron and constructional steel work, fire escapes
and stand pipes for same on same; total. $6626.
Fred H. Meyer (owner), with John Stahl
(contractor), architect, F. H. Meyer— Carpenter
and brick work, painting and glazing for two
two-story frame buildings on lot en N line
of Lombard street, 106:3 E of Broderick. E
SO by N 137:6 Western Addition 488; total,
$7250.
W. C. La Berge (owner) with W. R. Kenny
(contractor), plans by owner— All work except
painting, glazing, mantels, tiling and gas fix
tures for a two-story frame building on lot
on W line of Seventh avenue. 16i N of Cle
ment street, N 25 by W 120; $2300.
Miss Catherine McShane (owner) with J. B.
Relte (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son-
All woik except painting, picture molding,
gas fixtures, mantels and shades for a three
story frame building with concrete foundation
(three flats) on N line of Waller street. 60:7
E of Fillmore. — 26:11. N 87:6, W 26:11, S 87: G.
W A 295: $4790.
F. E^ Nelson (owner) with J. B. Reite (con
tractor), architects Rousseau & Son — All work
except mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a
three-story frame building with concrete foun
dations (three flats) on N line of Waller street.
35:7 E of Fillmore, E 25 by N 57:6, W A 293;
$5160. ¦
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E M Belcher, Pa Mrs Leiehton. N H
PEG Anzar. S Juan 3 N Arbuckle. Paso R
N C McQueen. Cal W Snow Stockton
E X Taylor, Ala ;Mrs Snow, Stockton
C A Pringle, Cal A B Ford. San Mateo
W J Nelson, Mojave Mrs Ford. San Mateo
J W Bean, Wash It J Weldon. Ukiah
Mrs Bean. Wash Miss Cannon. St Heln
F W Simpson, Berkly F Hamlett. Napa
Mrs Simpson, Berkley M Clenstmen. R Vista
Dr W M Lawlor, Cal E M Dickeman. Sacto
G H Bradt. Denver G T Park, The Dalles
J M Walbridee. Yrka R R Veal Martinez
E O West. M V Mrs Veal. Martinez
F Johnson, Nome iC B Bilk. San Jose
C T Reed. Ellomar J M Taylor, Alameda
G A Seaward. Chico Mrs Taylor, Alameda
E Chilberg, Seattle ; I Rudee, Ukiah
S Reardon, Boston i L M Houseman Chgo
H H Fuller. NY ¦ S Griswold Omaha
W Bell. Bellvale |W D MadUan, S Jose
Mrs Bell, Bellvale d W Mattison. Stkn
J L Hartner Phila Ij C Cuna Mos3 Lndg
G X Rider. Sacto |W W Swan. Montreal
A T Ross. Sacto IH D Thomas, Hldsbrg
S R Hill, N V j Mrs Thomas, Hldsbrg
Mrs Hill. N V Mrs S E Wheeler, Cal
Mrs W Carton. S Jose Mary E Wheeler. Cal
Miss E E Keesling SJ T B Gibson. Woodland
E W King. Woodland I E P Huston. Woodind
J McCudden. Vallejo |W P Craig. Woodland
Miss McCudden, Valjo J T Brown, Woodland
W F Davidson, DawsnjW Julian, Elk Grove
G A Leighton, N H Mrs Julian, Elk Grove
R J Ery, Kennet
PALACE HOTEL.
Chas P Brasslau. S Jos O E Locke, Mass
Aug Busch, St Louis L H Witing. Mich
Thos McDermott & w, ; Jas Demps, Mich
Tucson. Ariz V,'m E Barrett, Mich
Wm G Saundera & w, L Vogelstein
Fresno J R Windsor & w,
V H A MacLymont, A E Livingston. Utah
Fresno A J Anderson. Utah
J A Holmes, Fresno E Hoekmeyer. C Amer
IV R Ramsdell, S Diego Fred M Kraus & w,
\ M Swan. Plttsburg St Louis
Q T Bell, str Australia Mrs Chas W Bartlett,
J C Galr. Chicago ' Worcester
R M Hahn & w. N V ,Mlss Gertrude Wood.
E G Eager. Toledo, O Worcester *
T G Gray, Portland, Or Dr & Mrs R P Strong,
C W Griggs, Tacoma ; USA
H S Griggs, Tacoma ;A A Gibson. Spokane
J Llnderberg, Seattle !a B Cohn, St Louis
ester Thome & w, \ G Rhodes &. w, N Zlnd
Tacoma P N Griflth. London
Edw Chambers, Los A 5 W Smith, San Pedro
'_*o yon Rosenberg. NY J L Holden. Chicago
Wm G Kerckhoft & w, C P McColm. N V
Lob Angeles Mips Glide. Sacto
L A Winston. Colo Spg J Kearns. Australia
Mrs. G S Dlxon, Nev F J McDougal, Canada
W B Glllant, Portland C M R Young, England
Rev N B Galway & w. Miss D Young, Englnd
G W Huddleston. N Yl
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P E Wriggiesworth, ,(' Jones. Chicago
. Los Angeles iG Peters. Bakersfleld
E Lamb. St Louis G A Peters, BakersfM
J Walkin? & w, Cal :A Brones & w, S Rcs»a
T Dann, Sacto M Kansisser. Oakland
A Anderson. Eureka W C Cudmer. Dawson
G R Hammond & w, A McCullough. N V
Chicago C W Williams. Dis Col
H Belmeyer, Nebraska H Fiessh & fam, Tex
H Baschlin, Ogden R T Evans, Los Ang
L H Ingham, Cleveland
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eight.
Following were the sale* on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & B»lcher 16 1 200 Ophlr 74
200 Best & Belcher Ift 500 Ophir II
1000 Chollar 05 1000 Pctosl 05
400 Con Cal & Va.t 60 sr-0 Sierra Nevada. 10
300 Con Cal & V.I 62»-j 300 Sierra Nevada. 09
300 Gould & Curry 10 1300 Silver Hill .... 33
SOO Mexican 16 SOO Silver Hill .... 32
Afternoon Session.
600 Bo«=t & Belcher 13' 500 Potosl 05
3<X> Con Cal & V.I 62V 200 Sierra Nevada. 10
600 Hale & NorcrE 17 2?M) Silver Hill .... 34
200 Mexican 16 12C0 Yellow Jacket. 14
100 Ophlr 7»1 200 Yellow Jacket. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Nov. 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 C 2 Justice 01 ¦
Alta 01 02 Kentuck — 02
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash .... 01 —
Belcher 05 06 Mexican 15 18
Best & Belcher 17 IS Occidental 04 f>s
Bullion — 04 Ophlr 74 7o
Caledonia 21 22 Overman 05 07
Challenge 16 17 Potosl 04 05
Chollar 05 C« Savage 05 <*
Confidence 71 76 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 60 165 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 09 10
Con New York 01 — Stiver Hill .... ;>! 35
Crown Point .. 03 05 St Louis 03 —
Eureka Con ... 14 —Standard —4 00
Exchequer — 02. Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry 09 10 Union Con 11 13
Hale & Norcrs 17 19 Utah 01 02
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 13 15
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
t!ORIH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SausalK* F«rry.
Commencing seytcinoei _j, 1301.
FROM SAN l-'KAN CISCO TO, -Uli-L VALLEY
I AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAIS— S:oU, «3:30. 11:00 a. m
•1:45 3:15, 4:15, 5:15 » '6:15, «:4J V- m.
EXTRA TRiPS-For Mill Valley and Sa.i
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays ana Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. -• erA
SUNDAYS— '8:00, 1»M, *ll:30 a. m.. »1:U.
3:15, »4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains markeU (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN i-'KANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— »S:2S, 6:27, 7:45. 8:35, 10:13
a. m..» 12:25 2:15. »3:35. 4:4». 5:3u p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:IS, »8:00, *10:00. »11:45 a. m..
•1:40 *3:15, 4:43, *S:3O p. m. •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55, 8:53. 10:30 a. m."
12:35 2:45, 3:50. 5:10 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. - - / . .
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m., 12:06, 2:15. 3:30,
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
- THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ~ : -':- ¦ - "¦ ' ¦ ¦
1:45 p. m. . Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.'
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way
stations. • - '
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Eainday time.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«stv« nail i\rt» <saa* *• Mrrlivwl
MAN ris A st «: I*«:«».I *«:«».
' (Main Line. Foot of Market 3treet.)
LEAVE — From Novbmbcs 4. 1901. — axbxtj)
7:OOa Bfnici*, iiuiauu, Elmii» and Sacra-
meuto 6:3-1?
7:00.i Vacnilie, Winters. Runinej *:33p
?:3Ua Martinez, .S*u U;iuiou,Vslleju. JJ»i>»,
Caliatcga anil rfanta. Rush 0:25r
S:OOa Davis, Woodland. Koignta Landing.
Warys»ill«. Orofille. 7:55?
8:OO» Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdeu and East S:33\
»:»><> a Nilas. Lathrop, Stockton 7:3ap
»:OO.i Nile*. Mendota, Haaford. Visalia,
• Porterrille 4:33*
8:S0A Shasta, Express— Williams (for
B&rtlett Springs;, Willows, Red
Bluff. PortlauUV. 7:»»»
•iS»a Sail Jose, Liiermore, Stockton,
lone, .Sacramento. Plaeerville,
M»r»a»lll», Chic... lilulT 4:2.1*
*:.•»(» OakiUl*, Chines*, Sonora. Carters... 4:23»
W:«n>» Hayrrsrd. N'ileS and Way Stations.. • I IBS*
•:OOa Vallejo I:*:23*
»:OUa Lou Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy. I.»tlirnp. .Stockton. Merced
Fresno ami Los Angeles 7:23»
U:3»A Vallnjo, Martinez ami Way Stations 7:33r
I 0:i»oa The Overland Llmi ted— Ojilen. Den-
Ter, Oinalia. Chicago »i»3»
tl:tM>pSacr»nmnti» l!l»er ,Slo»mer» tH
3:30p Hayward. Mil-«aud Way Stations.. 7:53»
¦ls«»r llHiiicia. Winters, baeramanto.
Woodland. Knights Lauding.
M»rys¥llli\ Oro.lll* !•:»»*
4:»(»r Martinez. Halt lUuion. Vallejo,
Nairn, «'»lii,k(.K». Santa Kosa ••»3a
4:OOp Niles, Lifermore. Stockton. Lodi... 19<23r
¦l:)s«»r Hsywaril. Mlwt, Man ••»«e, LivennoTS) )S:33a
4:3 Up Port Cos'a, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton 1 i>:23a
3:<M>r Tim Owl Limited— Kresno, Tulare,
¦Ukenilielil. Haugus for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angeles • 9:544
3:00r Marf.in*-*. ADtioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno 1*:23»
3:3Vr X'w Orleans Exprens— Mendota,
Fresno, Bskerstield. Los Angeles,
Iteming. El Faso. New Orleans
and East 7:33 a,
«l:O«r> Hay ward. and San Jose 7:33 a
t«:O4»r Vallejo 11:23%
i»:O«»r Oriental Mall-Ogi'eu. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 8:23 a
«:O«r Oriental Maii-OgJeo, Denver.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4533»
7>OOr Oregon anil California Ki|>reas. Nmo.
riuiiniiku. Mi»rj»tlll«, KfMI» C .
I'orklanil, filial Hound ami Kaat 8:33*
S>«3pSan Pablo. P. re Costa. Martinez
anil Way Stations 11:23*
t*:o3p Vall»i»» 7:3»F
COAST LINE (.Narrow t!«»g»).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Sil3a Newark. t,'-ntnr»llle. San .lose. If
BoiiUler Cre«k,Hai.taOriiiaud Way
(Stations '. 8:3»t
t3<l Or Newark, Center* ille, San .lose. New
Alinaiimi. frlton, lloiiiiler Creek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations r. ¦•«.1«*
4il»r Newark, Hau .lose. Los Gates tS:S«A
a9.3up Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
stations t7.»»f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Froia SIS T RiSCISCO— Foci of Market Street (Slip B>—
1 7:16 9:00 11:00%. M. 1:03 3:30 S:18r <*.
fr.mOHURB— r»»t •' Br«a4»«T.— 1«:00 +3.00" t3:0»
10:00 a.m. HJO CO 4:08 r.M.
COAST liINE (Br««il »•««•).
(Third and Tovrnßen.! St».) ¦
U:IOA Sail Jose an.l Way .-nations ...... •:3»r
7:«Oa Sail Joao »ml Way Stations I:*U
/7:««A New AlnianVii. / «»1«»
UiOOa Han Jose. Ties I'inoi. .Santa Crux.
Fncillc (Itnve. Salinas, dan Luis
(jbispo. Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate .Stations 7;43p
ivtSOA San Jose ami Way Stations. 4-.fr
I I:. to a San .loss ami Way Stations si3op
<f3t: Iftp San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Saata. Clara. San .lose,
Tres Finos, Sauta Ctn«, Saiiaas.
Monterey ami Pacific Grove Jin: IS*
«iSlOrHan.li)MtmtWa; Stations. •«»•*
f:lSr San J<M« and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
t-I:4kOrSan Jos*. Los Gatos ami Principal -
Way Stations |»:«Oa
s:»np San .lot* ami Principal Way Stations 8:36*
o.oop Redwood. San Joao. Gilroy. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03 a
«::i»p 3a» Jose anil Way Stations fM:«M» A
q11;45r San Jose anil Way Stations g:3or
A for Morning. P for -Vtoruoon.
tSumiay rxcepted. I Sunday only.
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays- and Friday.^
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. ¦'
Local TLim'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily j Dally j Daily | Daily
Lv. San Fran : 7:20 a', 9:00 a 3: 00 p \ 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10: a 11:45 a 11:1') p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p : 1:30 a | 9:11 p
" Fresno....) 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
1 Hanford..i 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia....! 3:39 p | 5:00 a
" Bakersfld. 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:45 a .........
- ••- Kan City ........ 2:40 a 7:3»»
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakerstleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4"0 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— «4l Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.
CALIFORNIA RORTBTOTcffI IL C*
LESS2U
SAii FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon F«rry. l*Mt ml ¦¦¦%¦! CSV
fcan Francisco to .an liaiasl.
: WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
! 3:30, 5:10. i.'M p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at ll:3i) p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:au
and ll:3u p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— S:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
S:CC, C:3> p. m.
San Rat's:! to San Francisco.
i WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
j 3:40. 5:15 v. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at l:ii
1 and 6:36 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO. 1:40. 11:19 a. m.; I:4* »:?*.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. .
Leave i In Effect 1 Arrive
' San Francisco. [April 23. 1301.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. I days. I Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Novato. ,10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pmi 9:30 ami Petaluma. 1 6:05 pm, 10:25 am
5:10 pni; 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
| { Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. ] 10 25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am '
Lytt in,
Geyaerville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale,' . 7:35 pmi 8:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hcp'.and. 10:40 am 10:25 am
! 3:30 pml 8:00 am and Ukiah. I 7:35 pm 6:20 pin
i _____ __ " __ 10: 4o am|lo:2sam
I 8:00 ami Guerneville. I 7:35 pm|
3:30 pmj 5:00 pm! I [ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am!- Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
[ and [ I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm. Glen Ellen. f 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
'7:30 am] 8:00 ami ~~~ 110:40 amtlO:2S am
1 3:30 pm| 5:00 pm) Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
! Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
' Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: a;
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal<»
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
I Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
; bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
I Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
; Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
I John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell'3.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot
Spring;. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
1 port, Usal, Willlts, Laytonville, Cummins.
I Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
i and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. G;o Market street. Chronicla
building. -
I H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
! Gen. Manager. Gen. Paaa Agt-
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry 1 Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. ) San Fran.
'&£ H *----£_ £- v ££ j
I l:!.iP.:"« *•*»¦»•-* !o:J9P.|
rirt.Sur«l<nk»nttiiaMm,lllllL
Thkat OOcm. til __U_T STS— R awl itACs— UXO TtSOX.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
• * - — M 629 KEAUSY ST. Established
' sHSragßa^i,, 1334 for the treatment of Private
¦ IVJh Diseases. Lo«t M«nu. -••'• Debility or '
(iln^asc wearlngon body anil mind and
Skin Discuses. The Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charge* low.
(urosuarnntrril. Caller writs*
Dr. J. W. MIBSO.S. San Francisco. CaL ;
Weekly Gall $1.00 w Year
112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOT
GRIDDLE
CAKES
Makes them light, sweet,
tender, delicious and
free from dyspeptic
qualities.
SEEK TO AMEND
CITY CHARTER
Commissioners of Works
Would Change Twen
ty Sections.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
completed a list of the various sections of
the charter which it has deemed advis
able to recommend for amendment in or
der to facilitate the administration of its
affairs.
John B. Gartland. the board's attorney,
has made a close investigation of the pro
visions regulating the Department of
Works and he finds that no less than
twenty sections should be modified or
altered in order that the city's business
should not suffer as it has done in the
past. As soon as his findings have been
typewritten they will be forwarded to the
Committee on Charter Amendments of the
Board of Supervisors to be submitted to
the people should the board so decide.
The recommendation? include a change
in the mode of procedure so as to expe
dite street work. The most important
amendment, however, and one which will
be hailed with joy by contractors, will be
the provision for progress payments on
public contracts &s on Federal and State
work. Section 21 will have the following
¦words added to its terms:
Vnless in the ordinance authorizing or order
ing said work provision if mado therein for
progressive payments for the same.
Section It; will be so amended as to give
the Board of Works power to compel the
repair of dangerous sidewalks or portions
thereof by making protests of no avail
The section will be enlarged by the fol
lowing:
Or if said portion of said sidewalk is so out
of repair ai? aforesaid, a notice In writing shal!
be delivered to the owners or their agents
personally to repair forthwith said portion of
said street, avenue, lane, alley, court or place
to the center line thereof, or "said portion of
said sidewalk in front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant or occupant.
Section 5 will be amended so as to re
lievo the board from any obligations for
accidents resulting from existing defects
in street work which may have been done
under former boards or officials. The
foregoing are some of the most important
changes to be recommended.
REHEARING OF THE OIL
RATE CASE POSTPONED
Illness of Railroad Commissioner
Slackstock Causes Delay in Dis
position of the Matter.
The matter of the rehearing of the oil
rate case granted to the Southern Pacific
and Santa Fe Railway companies was to
have been heard by the Railroad Com
missioners yesterday. A meeting of the
board was called for the purpose, but
owing to the illness of Commissioner
Blackstock, on whose vote the rehearing
?"ul£e n a?t inst. matter WaS "«P°»ed
The attorneys for the roads mentioned
were present, together with a small army
of witnesses^ but their services were not
required The companies are hopeful of
having the transportation rate on oil re
stored from 37 8-10 cents per barrel to
which it was reduced by the commission,
to the original figure of 42 cents. This
reduction was allowed by Commissioners
Laumeister and Edson on October 8 Sub
sequently the railway corporations inter
3w HH d emand v d a bearing, which was
*v£ W t f db J he , vote ,of Commissioners
Edson and Blackstock. An interesting
fina!,yVarr Sed Whe " the matter is
Dres*. Silk, Walking.
/AJShL KELLY & LIEBES' WALK NG SKiRrS
("A \JkI F!VG h " ndred stunni styles In three lots
\yW/ 57.50, $5 and $3.50.
mi jkV WOOL DRESS SKIRTS
7 I I v» adles ' cloths and chevicts, trimmed with satin
/ 9 fence. P 3ln C ° ples of bes^ imported modlls; flare
/ I $15, $12.50 and $10,
/ I \ SILK DRESS SKIRTS.
I4^u^ sar^tff^^-^^ii^siSpS&g taffeta -
£k $75 < $60 50 535, $27.50, $22.50, $15, $10
OBIS^ COAT AND JACKET RECORD.
T , We h A ve litU<^ competition against our exclusive
I • $25, $22.50, $17.50 anU $15.
f KELLY sTOeSeT
Cloak and Suit House
Li g o kea.rnv
RILEY POINTED
OUT AS SLAYER
Ekberg Murder Mystery
Is Apparently
Solved.
Detectives Claim Evidence
Is Strong Enough to
Convict.
John Thomas Riley, one of the suspects
arrested Monday by Detectives Tom Gib
son and Archie Hammil, will be charged
with the brutal murder of Otto Ekberg.
Mrs. Alma Miller, who, so far as the po
lice know, is the only witness to the
crime, identifies the prisoner from gen
eral appearances, and the detectives have
evidence which they claim is sufficient to
convict him of the charge.
Ekberg was a non-union teamster em
ployed during the strike by W. P. Fullsr
<fc Co. When he went to work he took
the place of Riley, who in response to
the call of the union threw down his
reins and quit work. Alter peace be
tween the employers and the teamsters
was effected, Lkberg succeeded in holding
hit job, much to the distaste of Riley.
Witnesses will be produced by the police
who will swear that on several occasions
Riley expressed a threat that he would
kill Ekberg.
Ekberg came to his death in a tragic
manner last Saturday night- He had put
his team up in a Mission-street stable,
and had reached Third and Townsend
streets when he was struck from behind
by a heavy roller and killed. His assail
ant coolly turned the body of his victim
over, looked into the face, expressed a
word of satisfaction at having killed the
right man and escaped from the scene.
Mrs. Miller was the only one who wit
nessed the tragedy. She saw the blow
struck and heard the assassin speak. She
did not see the latter's face, but from
general appearances points out Riley as
the man.
The weapon with which the crime was
committed was a heavy iron roller used
in moving castings from the truck. It
belonged on the truck driven by the mur
dered man and was missing from Satur
day night until Monday morning. The
detectives got their first clew that Riley
was the murderer from the fact that he
was seen loitering about in the railroad
yards on the night the crime was com
mitted.
In a statement made last night to the
police, Riley asserted his innocence and
?aid that he was aware the detectives
had been on his trail for the past two
days. Riley is an opium fiend, as was his
supposed victim, Ekberg. Both men
smoked opium and had rooms in a house
at 512 Bush street. Riley is married and
has a mother residing at ISO Clara street.
FELL FKOM A POB.CH
AND FRACTURED SKTJLL
Serious Accident Befalls Cavalryman
George H. Lewis at a Broadway
Lodging-House.
George R. Ix»wi<. stepson of Sergeant
Lewis of the local police force, met with
a serious if not fatal accident at 651
Broadway at an early hour yesterday
morning by falling from a rear porch a
distance of twenty-five feet and sustain
ing a fractured skull.
I*ewis was a convalescent at the Pre
sidio Hospital, and on Monday secured a
leave of absence. In company of a com
panion named Dare he visited several re
sorts during the evening and, finding they
could not reach the Presidio in time th*e
men took a room at the number given
About 1 o'clock Dare awakened and found
I^ewis missing. He instituted a search
and found Lewis lying unconscious on
the ground in the rear yard. He picked
him up and carried him to the room and
a few hours lat^r. finding it impossible
to revive his comrade, he called for an
ambulance and had him conveyed to the
Emergency Hospital, where it was found
that tht- injured man had sustained a se
vere fracture of the skull, besides several
lacerated and contused wounds.
The military authorities, on learning of
the soldier's injuries, had him transferred
to thti Presidio Hospital. The injured
trooper belongs to Troop M, Fifteenth
Regiment. He was formerly a member
of the Seventeenth Regiment, and had
held a sergeant's commission, which he
gave up when he re-enlisted last March in
tho Fifteenth. He recently returned from
Alaska with his troop, in which place he
had been for the last two years. Ser
geant Lewis, who is on his vacation in
Amador County, was informed by tele
graph. The soldier's mother was with
him in the hospital prior to his removal
City Realty Is Auctioned.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. auctioned realty
yesterday. A house of eight rooms on the
south line of Haight street, 105 feet west
from Broderick, with lot 25x120, was sold
for $4150; the southeast corner of San
chez and Twenty-fifth streets, with two
flatf the lot being 22x81, brought
$4000; No. 400 Clementina street, lot 20x75
with house of six rooms, bath and base
ment, wa-s sold for $2500. A nine room and
bath residence on the south line of Post
street. 113:6 feet east from Webster with
k>t 24x114:0, brought $4500. subject to con
firmation. A seven room cottage at 2516
Alli ! te X reet - , With lot 25x%:4 brought
$1950. A building lot on the south line of
\aJ!ejo street. 165 feet west from Flll
mor. . lot 65x137:6, went for $5900, subject
to confirmation.
Wife Applies for Guardianship.
The wife of Georgre Addison Crawford
Bailey, a minor, applied to the Superior
Court yesterday for letters of guardian
ship over her husband. Bailey has prop -
y r ear SS V O ld ed * h ° Ut $13 °°' and is bul "
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1901,
CLUB IS ORGANIZED
IN WESTERN ADDITION
Chess, Checker and Whist Experts Ally
Themselves to Win Championship of the
City of San Francisco in Tournament
THE Western Addition Chess,
Checker and Whist Club has or
ganized and has secured club
rooms, nicely furnished, on Fill
more street, between Sacramento
and Clay. The president is G. P. Wood
ward. The charter members are all busi
ness and professional men who dwell
not far from Fillmore street or on that
thoroughfare. They number nearly one
hundred.
The proposition of forming- a club has
been under consideration for some time.
The membership includes such expert
talent that it is proposed after awhile to
challenge other organizations in the city
to play checkers, chess and whist for the
championship of San Francisco. Every
evening the members are practicing and
they find their club a large addition to
the pleasure of life in the Westrn Addi
tion.
The officers in addition to the president
are: Vice president. Sidney M. Van Wyck
Jr.; recording secretary, Dr. Tobriner;
financial secretary. Franklin Pearson;
treasurer, C. W. Moores.
There is a tournament committee al
EXCLUSION ACT
RECEIVES NOTICE
Determined Resistance
to Extension Is
Certain.
Senator Perkins expects to leave Cali
fornia for Washington, D. C, on the 26th
inst. He received a letter from Senator
Bard yesterday in which the latter wrote
that he would probably leave for the na
tional capital on the 26th of this month
and might visit San Francisco before that
date.
Senator Perkins fancies that the Con
gressional delegation from this State will
not have smooth sailing in efforts to re
new the Chinese exclusion act. He ap
prehends determined resistance from Con
gressmen representing Eastern constitu
encies.
The allied bosses are giving out the re
port that they have considerable munici
pal patronage to throw into the next cam
paign for the gubernatorial nomination.
The story, as told by the boss followers, is
that Sheriff John Lackmann promised
thirty places in his office to Herrin and
Burns. It is also rumored that patronage
in the Auditor's office will be thrown into
the boss pool. The rumors are circulated
to cheer up the despondent push. John
Lackmann and Harry Baehr have no
places at the disposal of the bosses. The
Auditor-elect does not even entertain the
notion of passing out a gold brick. He
has only one position of importance— that
of Chief Deputy Auditor— to bestow and
in the selection of a man for that place
he will consider the business requirements
of the office. The Auditor-elect is going to
the Santa Cruz Mountains to rest for a
few days and on his return will consider
the subject of chief deputy.
All of the patronage in the Sheriff's
office is practically placed. All the help
that candidates for Governor will get from
Mr. Lackmann will not influence the
course of a single delegate. The bosses,
however, will continue to hand out gold
bricks and some of the gullible may ac
cept the packages.
Cosper and Dibble are not so lonely in
retirement as they were before the elec
tion. They are consoled now by the com
pany of Fisk and Cobb and will soon have
the fellowship of Lynch. The spring elec
tion in San Jose may add to the list of the
exiles. Johnny Mackenzie will have to
put up the battle of his life to hold the
works in that town.
Tax Collector Mandamused.
Judge Seawell yesterday issued a writ
of mandate, returnable before him No
vember 15, 1901, directing Tax Collector
Scott to receive from H. W. Newbauer the
sum of $1 95, due as taxes on a lot at
Twenty-first and Diamond streets, and to
issue to Newbauer a receipt for the same.
The writ was issued and an affidavit
filed by Newbauer in which he states that
the Tax Collector refused to receive the
taxes because he. Newbauer, had failed
to pay taxes on $23,000 worth of stock in
the First National Bank, amounting to
$357 93. While the tax on the lot amount
ed to only $3 95, he says the Tax Collector
placed a lien on the land for the entire
amount. Newbauer claims that the stock
is not assessable and that Scott had no
right to hold the property for taxes on
the shares.
John Gillig's Will Filed.
The will of John Gillig, a merchant of
Virginia City, Nev., who died November
3, 1901, was tiled at the office of the Coun
ty Clerk yesterday. The document dis
poses fit an estate consisting of a ranch
in Yolo County and stocks and bonds val
ued at $25,000. By the terms of the will
the estate is divided between Rebecca
Gillig, wife of the deceased, and her son
Harry Gillig. The beneficiaries are also
named as executor and executrix.
The Popular Train
To Stockton, Merced, Fresno, Hanford, Visalla
and Bakersfield Is the California Limited, via
Santa Fe. Leaves daily at 9 a.m. Dining; cars,
chair cars, oiled track. Ticket office, 611 Mar
ket street.
PRESIDENT OF THE WEST
ERN ADDITION CHECKER
AND WHIST CLUB.
ready, which consists of Charles Ander
son, Joseph McCusker and R. G.
Schroeder.
NEWLANDS SEES
GOOD TIME NEAR
Congressman Prom Ne
vada Says State Has
Great Prospects.
Congressman Newlands of Nevada said
yesterday that there is a good chance
that the bill to reclaim the arid lands
that he introduced at the last session of
Congress will reach action at the coming
session. President Roosevelt is enthusi
astically in favor of the irrigation of me
arid States, that they may be reclaimed.
The bill that Congressman Newlands in
troduced was favorably considered by two
House committees, the Committee on
Arid Lands and the Committee on Public
Lands. It was also favorably reported
by the Senate Committee on Public
Lands. There was so much business at
the last session of congress and the time
was so short that the measure did not
reach final consideration in the two
houses.
Congressman Nowlands is an enthusi
astic believer in the great future of Ne
vada, and says that the measure that he
has fathered will be a factor in the ad
vancement of his State. It provides that
the proceeds of the sales of all public
lands, amounting to about $3,000,(Hk) an
nually, shall go into a fund to be expend
ed under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior in providing storage reser
voirs for water in the arid States to make
the lands available for settlers. The en
tries under the act must be in eighty-acre
tracts. The cost of each enterprise is ap
portioned among all the acres capable of
reclamation by it. Settlers will pay for
the lands in ten annual installments 1. s
provides that the fund shall oe kept good
and be a revolving fund to be constantly
increased by new sales of land and in
stallment payments.
'} think." said Mr. Newlands at the
Palace Hotel yesterday, "that this plan
would insure the reclamation of all the
arid lands and the settling up of the
country in from thirty to fifty years and
the general treasury will not be taxed to
effect that."
Concerning the immediate outlook for
the advancement of Nevada Mr New
lands was very enthusiastic. He said that
In the next twenty years Nevada will de
velop proportionately with any State in
the Union. The State has been neglected
in every way until recently. The policy
of the railroad had been against Nevada
Mr. Newlands said:
"All rail transportation lines in new
countries ordinarily act as pioneers to
build up population that business may
be supplied to the railroads. Idaho
Utah, Montana and Arizona have
been built up in that way. Ne
vada would have thrived similarly if
the Central Pacific road had been tied to
the Union Pacific. But the Central Pa
cific was controlled by the Southern Pa
cific, and the last named company was
interested in building up the southern
line.
"The change in the administration of
the Central Pacific, the Central now be
ing tied to the Union Pacific, promises
much for Nevafa. The Union Pacific de
sires to increase the population of Ne
vada and it will exert its energy to the
accomplishment of that end.
"For a long time Nevada was given
over to speculative mining. In recent
years the State has been paying atten
tion to development along various lines.
Reno is growing rapidly and is fast be
coming the center of enterprise, as Salt
Lake and Denver are the centers for Utah
and Colorado. The decline of the Corn
stock gave the impression that the min
eral wealth of Nevada was exhausted.
The fact is that it has hardly been tap
ped.
"Nevada has been less protected than
any of the intermountain States.. It is
now receiving: eaual attention with the
other mining States.
"Nevada is well watered with four
streams and storage reservoirs will great
ly increase the area that is capable of
producing agricultural products. I look
for great and general development of the
resources of the State from this time on."
Roanoke Kye, Honey and Horehound.
Ost It. you'll not regret lv •
PILLSBURY HAS
NOYES IN HAND
Cross - Examination of
Chief Witness Is in
Progress.
Amicus Curiae Begins Sharp
Interrogatory Fire Against
the Judge.
Judge Arthur H. Noyes, who once ran
a court at Nome, is now in the hands oi
Amicus Curiae Pillsbury. The direct ex
amination has been concluded and the
cross fire has begun.
The witness starts out well in the
morning, but us the hours go by the hot
atmospnere of the courtroom and tho
constant mental concentration upon th'i
questions develop an irritability whicia
[ is plain and ou-xtanding during the latter
part of the afternoon proceedings. Under
direct examination Noyes was placable
and mild. When the cross questioning
was begun he became sarcastic in his an
swers and at times gave vent to his feel
ings in terse epigrams.
When the Crowley espionage episode
was mentioned the Judge looKed at At
torney Metson and said: "In some things
I am as brave as Metson. Oh, yes, 1 can
be even as brave as Cyclops." In refec
ring to clients and attorneys in the Nome
country the witness said: "To his attor
ney, the client is never a ciaim- jumper;
he is a relocator." As an excuse tor him
self he interpolated into his testimony:
"I was a new Judge in a new country un
der a new code." Here and there in the
testimony are interspersed bits of phil
osophy and wise rules of daily conduct.
Pillsbury's cross-examination Is minute
and particular. He is questioning the
Judge en all facts leading up to the com
mission of the contempt and all the de
tails surrounding it. Noyes was always
on his guard, weighing his answers care
fully. The amicus curiae is not halt
finished with him yet. Occasionally lapses
of memory— that impregnable fort for
witnesses— are resorted to, but usually
the denial comes from the witness when
ever a material fact is in point.
On the Receiverships.
Pillsbury reached the receivership ques
tion almost at once. -
"About what time were the applications
made for the receiverships?" he asked.
"Some time in the afternoon of Mon
day, July 23," responded the witness.
"Did you recognize the name of the
plaintiff, Mr. Chipps?"
"No, sir."
"He went up with you on the Senator,
did he not?"
"Yes, sir."
Judge Noyes said he merely made
Chipps' acquaintance on the boat and
that he had no talk with any one in re
gard to receiverships.
"Did you have any idea when you ar
rived in Nome what McKenzie's business
was?" continued the cross-examiner.
"Only that he had some gold pumping
scheme," was the ready reply.
"Then you heard nothing of the suits
until Hume called upon you with the
papers?"
"No, sir."
"How many cases were there?" '
"About four or five."
"Were there complaints in all the cases
and did you ever hear of the location of
these claims before?"
"I might have heard Anvil Creek men
tioned in Minneapolis."
"You knew from the affidavits that the
mines were very productive and fixed the
bond in each case at $5000?"
"Yes."
"On what Investigation did you fix the
bond?"
"Variety of reasons; that it would be
a temporary affair, and that matters
would soon be settled."
Then the amicus curiae angled with the
witness. Up and down stream he played
with him on the insufficiency of the $o'X>o
bond for property which was producing
$15,000 a day. Following this line of ques
tions Pillfbury took up the orders issued
by Judge Noyes in regard to the personal
property connected with the Anvil
Creek mines. Noyes said he gave the iirst I
order to Judge Johnson and Mr. Metson
to allow the defendants the use of their
personal property.
"Did you ever set aside that order?"
queried Pillsbury.
"I don't think it was ever practically
carried out," was the answer.
"Was it filed later in August?"
"I don't know."
"When you appointed McKenzie re- j
ceiver did you go by the Alaska code or
by your general knowledge?"
"About half and half."
When Pillsbury secured the admission.
"I am a new Judge, in a new country and
under a new code," he put the following
question:
"Did it not occur to you to move mod
erately and apprehensively, then, in the
appointment of receiverships, and did it
not occur to you that the appointment of
a receiver was a drastic measure?"
"It did not. I thought there would be
no hardships upon the defendants," re
sponded the witness.
Noyes Shies at a Question.
"Did you ever hear of McKenzie hav
ing his teams hitched Up ready to go to
the mines as sonn as the orders were
signed."
"I did not." •
"Was it a surprise to you that McKen- I
zie took possession the same night after
the order was signed?"
Judge Noyes shied at the question, but
answered by saying that it was light all
the time then and night was as you made
it. Then came a review of the arguments
for the appeals in which Knight was spe
cially interested. This led up to the writs
of supersedeas.
"Do you remember talking with any
one else about the writ of supersedeas on i
September 15?" interrogated the amicus
curiae.
"Perhaps with Major Van Ors/lale and
Captain French," said Judge Noyes.
"On Sunday, the 16th?"
"With Geary, and I'm sure McKenzie
called."
"Was the effect of the writ discussed?"
"I told McKenzie I should conform
strictly to the requirements of the writ.
I never stated the writs were void. I
thought that when the writs arrived my
hands were tied in all the proceedings. I
didn't advise McKenzie concerning the
writs of supersedeas because I did not
know myself just what to do."
"When the deputy marshals arrived in !
Nome, October 15, what time did you
hear of their arrival?" continued Pills- '
bury in cross-examination.
"After the adjournment of court at
noon. In Geary's office on the same day
the writ of habeas corpus was presented
and denied," came from the witness.
"Do you regard McKenzie as a man of
honor and integrity?"
"He was so considered in the Dakotas."
"Do you still think so?"
"I do."
"Did you borrow any money from any j
one in Nome?"
"From Jake Linderberg— about $500.
"Did you have any mining ventures In
Nome?"
"A one-third interest in a claim with
Borchsenius and Linderberg."
The fact that McKenzie and Noyes went
¦' Wfe^^S^^^^^A- Cheapest and Best Folding Bed on Earth.
.7 .;. - -<• «lJi2'ilK,.^&|i*Pfc* Call and examine. " ;
BED CLOSED.
SPECIAL 20% DISCOUNT ii^a£u&m
-/.t; SPx^^cP 8 and DRESSING
furSshed ™o£plSBy.° ~ mUSt make room for our new goods. Houses
CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE .CO.? IfiK? a -.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 371.
ADVERTISEMENT^
This week we will place on sale the most
complete assortment of FINE LINEN GOODS
we have ever shown. This importation is
from the best manufacturers in Belfast,
Ireland, and consists of Fine Table Damask
Sets in ail sizes, Extra Qualities Satin
Damask Table Linens, Fine Hemstitched
Towels, both damask and huckaback; Hem-
stitched Linen Sheets and Pillow Cases, Fine
Hand-Embroidered Linens in doulies, Nap-
kins, Tea Cloths, Trau and Carving Cloths,
Bureau Sets, Center Pieces and Pillow Shams.
Three Specials.
250 pairs LINEN PILLOW CASES, hem-
stitched, hand embroidered and with wide
insertion, size 45x36 inches,
$1.75 and $2.00 Pair.
Regular value $3.00 and $3.50 pair.
100 dozen Extra Qualitu HEMSTITCHED
HUCK TOWELS, with damask borders,
all plain white and large size.
Price $6.00 Dozen.
25 pieces BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, full
72 inches wide, in beautiful designs.
Price $1.25 Yard.
Everu pattern Dinner Napkins to match,
11 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
to Nome on the same boat was character
ized as a mere coincidence. As for Sen
ator Carter of Montana, Noyes dis
claimed all connection or acquaintance
ship with him. He admitted that when
the choice of districts came up between
the Judges of Alaska he was anxious to
go to Nome, "the place where the great
est stir was." In the cross-examination
much stress was laid upon Noyes' act 3.
which displayed an ignorance of code and
statute law.
In such manner the testimony is mov
ing. Pillsbury covered chronologically the
period of time from Noyes' arrival in
Nome till McKenzie's arrest. He is hit
ting constantly at two things — motive for
and the contempt itself. With record,
affidavit or other papers in hand he is
persistently hammering the witness. He
will continue his work at 9:30 this morn
ing.
When the session opened in the morning
Judge McLausrhlln took up his direct ex
amination, which was finished before
noon. Noyes told of Vawter's bribe offer
again, the $20,000 which Frost testified to
as offered to Judge Noyes if he would
change a receivership. Judge Noyes gave
the story directly, saying Vawter went
away with tears in his eyes and asking
never to speak of it again. The jury list
came tip once more, this time in the
shape of an affidavit with the names at
tached. Noyes denied all the charges
made against him in regard to the loose
methods of drawing juries.
Market-Street Company Sued.
Joseph Goodncige. a pattern-maker, filed
a suit against the Market-street Railway
Company yesterday for $25,075 for dam
ages which he alleges he received last
May while attempting- to board a McAl
lister-street car. He alleges in his com
plaint that his injuries were caused by
the carelessness of the gripman in start
ing the car before he had got aboard.
A suit for $10,000 damages against the
same company was also filed by Harry
G. Mesa for injuries which he alleges
were received in a collision between cable
cars at the intersection of Mason and
"Washinzton streets.
To-Morrow Morning
At 9 o'clock the great clothing sale of
which mention has been made will open
its doors. There will be on sale, aside of
the men's all-wool suits for $3 85, a lot of
children's suits worth $3 50 for $185; in
fact, all goods will be sold at marvelous
prices. Come around and look at the
windows and you will come inside and
buy. Just think, men's hose 5c a pair.
Who will go without socks so long as the
Monarch will open its sale to-morrow at
915 Market st., opposite Mason? •
Arrested for Burglary.
James Fulgham broke into the resi
dence of F. Christianson, 730 Pacific
street, between 2 and 3 o'clock yesterday
morning. He was discovered by the in
mates and fled, but was arrested by Po
liceman Baxter and Special Officer
Thompson. He appeared before Judge
Cabanisa yesterday, and after being in
structed and arraigned the case was con
tinued till to-morrow.
•Phone Howard 1021.
19 TAYLOR STREET.
BEST GOODS LOWEST.
UAUC Best Eastern— 117-
fIMITIO All brands, all sizes. Thur»- llsC
day.
SCHEPP'S COCOANUT, lb pit*., 15 C .
BIITTFR Fresh creamery. Squares Oof,,
OUIILn Good, sweet butter, WU^C
Wednesday. Sample at store. » - -
SODA CRACKERS. 10-lb box. SSc
TOMATOES S^nd^.. pcppera : 10c
New- solid pack. 10 limit.
BEST TAMALES, 3 tins 25c
TABLE RAISINS S^p^'fljc
"Why pay 23c for Ilka quality?
BEEF EXTRACT. 45c JAR, 33 C . ""•
SALMON s r ka . pi . nk . p . ou . nd 25c
BEST TAPIOCA. 6 lbs 25c
EG6S Cal Ranch; ¦™ MatM %«Sx3oc
GINGER SNAP, 3 Pounds 25c.
F^ Raisins. Thompson* in *
OLLULLOO Sultana. Pound . lUC
MRS. FABER'S MINCE MEAT, lb 12^c
FRUITS 3 P frtm s :. Pea^^ p . ric .°?-: I2jc
Standard quality.
COVE OYSTERS, 3 tins 25c
¦ WHISKEY 5^!?...^^:..??: 55c
Horseshoe brand. Always special 90c
quality.
DOMESTIC PORTER, dozen, 9©c
WINES Port> Sherr y. Angelica. 88c
TIRIO Riesling. Gallon ........ OOC
Highest types. Six yeaxs old. Regular
$1.20. Two yallon3 limit.
MONEY GIVEN AWAY SATURDAY
NIGHT.
TFA^ All 600 grades. nfi*
I tAJ p^a 30C
CfIFFFF Java and Moc^a- Ofln
Urr " 35 C Pound zUC
Prices cut In half— but quality remains.
Positively the very beet chance to save
money Saturday night from 6 to 11 o'clock.
All orders taken delivered Monday. You
may ask how we can afford to do it.
Well, It's Faber's way of doing business.
SPECIAL SALE
UPHOLSTERED
FVBMTUBE. A
25 % Discount
On Upholstered Parlor Suits,
Odd Chairs, Sofas, Rockers, etc.
Ghas. M. Plum & Co.,
1301-1307 Market Street.
M^ m ¦a¦ M^ Rifle*. Ammunition, Fish-
fi 8 181 C ln * Tackle. Sporting. Out-
l_l IH| ins Goods. Largest Stock.
1l |Isi ¦ » Lowest Prices. Send for
LJ Li I V Catalogue and Job Sheet.
* W¦ " 8H«I * BAJtBKS CO.
739 Market. 511 Kearny
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, **V,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RS-^
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD <t
CO. European plan. Rooms, 50c to Jl SO day;
$5 to $8 week; *8 to $20 month. Free baths:
hoc and cold water every room; fire grate* la
every room; elevator run* all night*