FHE President's route
through -.v California,
' from south of Red
lands to. the northern line, as
f '.shown in the accompanying
map, will bring the Prcsi-.
dent through all the varying
-beauties of ~a State- that-is
wholly beautiful. , It will in
clude, the plains, the X'allcys,.
the mountains, wooded, and
bare,- and- the sands of the
. seashore and even the deserts .
/ the State keeps, tucked azvay y
• - m " one corner, \ ~so that the., p
r ]'chahge' : from the* bleak- deso- '¦'
¦idtiptfof'the'Soiithwcstto the -'¦-
glorious -verdure of Calif or- \
'¦¦' nid'mdynbt'be too' sudden. />,
ROUTE O F TRAIN
THROUGH STATE
OF CALIFORNIA
Continued; on ; Second' Page.",
Presidential escort; on .New .Montgomery
street," right resting'on entrance" to. Palace
He t€l. First ' carriage^Slr 1 William- Mc-
Kinley, ; President ' of ; the' 'United ; States ;
Most /Eminent- Sir, Reuben. Hedley: Lloyd, ' ;
grand master of -the United- States; ; Emi
nent" Sir • W. t H. : L. {Barnes, ,; chairman re-
will form in King. Solomon's Hall, Ma
sonic Temple, at 1 p. m. . •
. The . headauarters of^ the third division
will. form. at. Golden Gate Hall,' 625:Sutter
street, at 12:45 i>." m. ; _ r • . . . ; . : . ' ¦
The column will 'form for parade as folr
lows:.' First^ division, .'Stevenson
right resting on New! Montgomery; second
division, east.,'/ side,- New,' Montgomery!
street, right resting.on.Mission;(third^di
vision; center.' of New Montgomery istreet,
right resting 'on Mission; carriages' and
Knights Templar Parade
to Be Greatest Event ;
in Many Years.;
. Continued on Second Page.
those who otherwise assisted in rocking
the '¦ cradle of Liberty. . Miles Standish.
aged.13, son of Miles Standish of this city
and a lineal descendant of Captain Miles
Staridish of Mayflower fame, will be in
the gathering. . The lad represents the
eleventh generation of Miles Standishes.
It ' is not generally known that the orig
, inal Captain Miles- Standish* was the first
English commissioned officer, to settle in
America. . , - *
The reception committee of Daughters
will include the officers of the various
chapters in the city.
Knights' Templar Parade.
The parade of Knights Templar, which
will take place Friday afternoon. May 17.
will • be one I of the grandest Masbnlc
events that has been prepared in this city
for years. The formation of the column
will be as follows: ' . :
First division,— Two platoons of mounted
police; Troop A,N. G. C; mounted band,
: 25 pieces; 1 mounted drill corps of Califor
nia. Ccmmandery No. 1; California.Com
rn&ndery Ko.'l, mounted, 250 strong.
division— Bennett's Exposition
band; Sacramento Commanofery No. . 2;
Pacific Commandery No. 3$ Nevada Com
mandery No. 6; Stockton Commandery
No. 8; Los Angeles Commandery No. 9;
San Jose__Commandery No. 10. and Oak
land Commandery No. : u. •
Third division— Cassasa's "military band;'
Golden Gate Commandery No. ; 1&— 350
swords and. sojourning Sir Knights.".
The headauarters -of the :. first division
will .form in. the asylum, of California
Comrnandery No. 1, Masonic Temple, at
1 p. m. sharp... \ ¦ .. .-¦ ',
The headquarters of the second division
Tracks Will Be Inspected
Ten Minutes Before
Cars Pass.
GREAT precautions are being
taken by the Southern Pacific
Company officials to prevent
any possible chance of any
accident occurring to the
Presidential train. Manager.
J. A. Fillmore has given instructions to
all agents to examine all switches under
their supervision ten minutes before the
train runs over the spot, and track walk
ers will fuinii the same duty in remote
localities.
Engine No. 1139 has been selected to haul
the PrpsidentLal train from Monterey tc
this citv. This- locomotive is of the "C.
TV." class and besides being new is one
of the bpst engines in use by the company.
The locomotive is not capable of a high
rate of speed, yet when called upon it can
make fifty miles an hour. The locomotives
of the "C. W." pattern are built with a
view to strength rather' than . to speed.
The Presidential train at no time during
the whole tour of the United States makts
fast time, the average speed being about
thirty miles an hour, that being nearly the
limit owing to the number of cars and
great weight of the train.
The following 'engineers and conductors
have been selected to take charge of the
train over their respective divisions: El
Paso to Tucson, Engineer Bruce; Tucson
to Tuma, Engineer J. C Clancy: Tuma to
Los Angeles, Engineer Eli Stevens, Con
ductor J. B. Harrison; Los Angeles to
Santa . Barbara, Engineer W. Ferguson,
Conductor D. A. Hartwell. Engineer H.
S. Bull arid Conductor A, R. Holbert will
share in the honors of bringing President
McKinley's train from Santa Barbara to
this city by way of Monterey, Santa Cruz
and San Jcse.
-' Revolutionary Sons' Reception.
The reception to the President in the
parlors of the Palace Hotel on Thursday
afternoon. May 16, by the Sons of the
American Revolution bids fair to be one
of the most attractive functions of • the
President's visit The reception commit
tee will consist-of Past Presidents Colo
nel A. S. Hubbard, Hon. E. W. Mc-
Kinstry, Sidney M. Smith, Hon. Horace
Davis, Colonel John C. Currier, William
M. Bunker and the present board of man
agers, consisting of: William H. JoVdan,
president; George W. Spencer, "senior vice
president; William J. Duttori, junior vice
president; 'Edwin Bonnell, -. secretary;
Charles H. Warner, treasurer; Byron
Mauzy. marshal; J. W. Farringtdn, Alex
ander G. Eells, Giles H. Gray and" Wal
lace Everson.
The color bearers of the Children of the
American Revolution will present the 5
President with a beautiful gold card as
a sou\-enir of the occasion-
The descendants of many of the most
eminent men of the stirrinf Revolution-
ary era will be among th« Sons,' Daugh
ters and Children in attendance. There
will be descendants of men who fought
in the war of '76. men who signed the
Declaration of Independence and men
¦who were members of Congress, and ail
Every Precaution Will Be
Taken to Protect
¦ the Train.
"We thank thee for "preserving* the i life
of this thy servant, the President of the
United States, and , we beseech- thee to
care for him during his long journey. We
thank thee for his ; presence^ with us to
day. -We pray that thy holy spirit may
rest upon him throughout this journey
Prayer for the President.
with.:.the "Doxology." The well-known"
hymn, "Rock of Ages," was then sung by
the congregation, after which ;the pastor,
P.ev.' W. M. Leftwich, offered . a prayer.
Inthe course of the invocation he s*aid:'
• Amid the hum and buzz of sup
pressed excitement! the party moved for
v/arJ and occupied these " seats. . As soon
as' the President had seated' himself he
leaned forward and bowed his head in
silent prayer.' The services were opened
As the carriage drew up in front of. the
. church the many people gathered thers
quietly and with' every mark of "respect
;opcned a patliway. The interior ;was filled
to its' utmost capacity," and many. were
dtanding-in. the - 'aisles:'.'— TChe "-enclosure
.'around - the '.rostrum." -was filled j witn%the
Sunday . school f chiltlrcril On; the pastor's
stand there 'were. va^es filled with roses
•and carnations, but beyond'- this ,' there
were no evidences that, any.thingr had -been
done to emphasize jhe, event. • •
'¦ Seats.-had -been roscrved for, the • party
in the center aisle and about ' half way. to
the;rostrum. :.'¦; I • ;¦• « ¦ ¦'¦-:< '.'¦¦
But the President enjoyed himself to
day, after his own fashion. In the fore
noon he attended service at the 'Trinity
Methodist Church. He was accompanied
by Secretary Hitchccck, Mayor Hammett
•of El Paso and Secretary Cortelyou. .
A bull fight in Old Juarez,- Mex.. just
across the river, attracted most of tho
young men of the party. Five bulls were
killed in honor of the visitors of the Gov
ernor of Chihuahua, who came north as
the personal representative of President
Diaz. The younger members of the party
carried to the Presidential train glowing
accounts of the interesting and: pictur
esque sights witnessed In Juarez, and to
morrow the Cabinet secretaries may take
a drive through the old town, 4 but this
pleasure is, of course, denied the Presi
dent, for there is, a constitutional prohibi-.
tlon against his leaving the United States
without the sanction of .Congress.. -
Went to a Bullfight.
Devout worshipers of the Catholic faith
filled the churches and passed along the
streets counting their _ v beads, while all
about them in the principal thoroughfares
wide open games of . faro, roulette
and. Spanish monte. ' Jt was to the North
ern" visitors a most. inconsistent and in
congruous spectacle'
works by night, but the Mexicans cele
brated the day after, their own ; pictur
esque fashion. It v.as a genuine festival
day. .Women attired in bright" raiment,
men in their high peaked hats and som
breros heavily trimmed with silver orna
¦ ments, children- fluttering bright bandil
'lerias afforded a most . animated spectacle
to the President arid his party, to most of
whom it was a novel sight. ¦ ?
¦Members of the committee of ladles
were ushered into .the presence of the
"It is about breakfast time," said he,
"and we are tired. I think perhaps It
would be better for us to remain on the
train until this afternoon."
; Manager Fisher of the Sheldon, who
had, invited the Presidential party to be
come his guests while here, insisted that
they repair to his hotel at once, but tho
President demurred.
: ¦ Remained in Cars.
The President firmly declined to be the
guest ¦ of the 'Sheldon hotel in El Paso.
His train was side-tracked In a. remote
part of the town in a quiet neighborhood,
and , although the blazing sun poured
down all day on the coaches, the Presi
dent preferred the . discomfort of hot
weather to the noise, bustle and confusion
of the town. I
President Diaz of Mexico had hoped to
meet the President here and shake hands
with him "across the border, but as the
Mexican Congress is in session he could
not leave the : capital. Besides, It is
he is In poor health. He sent
a personal message to the President, how-'
"ever ,"*and" also dispatched Don' Juan Her
,nan'dez,' Commander, of the Second Mili
tary Zone of the State of Chihuahua, to
present personally his good wishes to> the
Chief Magistrate of the United States.
Governor Miguel Ahumada of Chihuahua
also traveled to El Paao to pay his re
spects, and these distinguished Mexican
officials, accompanied by General Hernan
dez's" staff in full uniform, were received
by the President" In his car at the station.
After exchanging felicitations/ the Presi
dent requested General Hernandez to con
vey to President Diaz his personal good
wish.es for the health and happiness of
President Diaz and for a continuation or
the cordial relations at present existing
between the two countries.
Diaz's Greetings.
After the service the President returned
to the train and spent the afternoon rest
ing quietly in his private car, the Olym
pia. During the afternoon he was sere
naded by a band from the City of Mex
ico, sent north with President Diaz's per
sonal representatives. President McKln
ley and President. Diaz to-day exchanged,
feiicitatious telegrams.
The choir then sangr the anthem, "Waka
the Song of Jubilee," after which the pas
tor, read the lesson of the day from tho
fifth chapter of IJatthew. Then the con
gregation united in singing the hymn,
"Jesus, Lover of My Soul," and it was
noticed that in the singing that tho
-President- joined ..as heartily as any one
present. During the delivery of the ser
mon which followed the President kept
his eyes fixed on the pastor and he gave
to each word the most earnest attentiorf.
The sermon was not a little remarkable
for Its frank statements of certain exist
ing political conditions and the need for a
remedy. . That remedy, according to the
preacher, was, "But. seek ye first tho
kingdom of God and His righteousness,
and all these things shall be added unto
you."
and that he may have a higher apprecia
tion of the vast country over which he la
called to govern. We pray thea that
thy divine grace may be- vouchsafed to
him and his Cabinet, the Superior Courts,
the Governors of the respective States
and all those who are in authority under
him." >:¦.-';¦-
There ' was no . booming of cannon, no
explosion of fire crackers by day nor flre-
esque j throng^.that fiiled'the streets and
plazas' of ..El - Paso— cowboys : from jj New
Mexico' arid the .Texas; plains. Mexicans
from across the Rio Grande, in fantastic
dress; for this, occasion,' white men, .ne
groes, Chinese, and; Indians. This is the
Mexican, Fourth;-of .'July, that is to say,
"Cinco-de; Mayo" -.(5th; of May), the day
they celebrate their ; national indepen
dence. *'¦" ' ¦ / :'.¦'_. /'' ¦ .< ' .
Long before the train arrived^this little
town was full to overflowing. -Hotel ac
commodations had been reserved -for day.?
in advance. It was a motley and pictur-
¦¦ .- L PASO,'\May 5.— The : seventh
I and Sabbath ' day , of the' Presi-
I dent's trans-continental journey;
| ? brought him -into the , pictur
[ j esque town of El Paso.*. The
/ train drew into the station as .
:he church bells were' ringing, for early
morning 'service..,'^"*. . ¦ . ,;-. . ,
TO His Excellency^General Porfirio Diaz, President of the Republic of Mex
ico, City of Mexico, -Mex:: s It- gives me great pleasure to reciprocate the
courteous greeting of your . Excellency and to;' express .'. my most cordial
good ; wishes 'for your I health arid happiness, and for the ' continued prosperity
of .'. the Mexican \ Republic, to which we are bound by 'so 'many .-ties of mutual
| interest and" friendship: ../. ¦ "¦' f ¦ > J| ; WILLIAM McKINLEY.
; EL PASO, Texas^May; ' $;, 1901: .', ¦ • " '
TO the P^Wenf|S|the|United States^^pS^ca^fipasi^re&s^tYHen^
you arrive this day at the frontier of Mexico "lavish I : might shake hands
with you, but I send you as cordial a salute; as corresponds with the cordial
relations which exist between the two republics of North 'America. '¦' I 'also send
General Hernandez to express to you the same feelings. ','¦: ..
. ,¦ /¦ • -i': : : : vPORFIRIO/PIAZ/-
CITY OF MEXICO, May 5, ipoi- — ; • / : - ••; : . v '
f#K£^s-';©']^^^^^^^Miii^^Bi^^^i^pjilp^Hi^
PRESIDENT ATTENDS DIVINE SERVICE
IN EL PASO, AFTERWARD EXCHANGING
GREETINGS WITH HIS NEIGHBOR, DIAZ
PRICE; FIVE -CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 157.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY,-; MAY 6, 1901:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SAN*A BARBARA. May 5.— Plans* for
the reception of President McKlnley In
Santa Barbara on -May 10 have been com
pleted. His visit is limited to three hSu™
The President will, be driven to- the ArN
ington for luncheon, \ where Mayor Storko
will' deliver an address of wo} come The
President will lunch with the>Chainber of
Commerce committee. - He will then hold
a short. public reception and drive to the
mission and, then, back .to the train at I
p. m. Work, has been: begun upon the
decoration of a carriage in which Presi
dent -McKlnley Is; to be taken about this
city- durlns hia coming s visit. D. W.
T iVl m E! 0 ? ha3 loane d an y old barouche
wlth^. lsn . curvlng 9Prtng3,at the back,
ana -this picturesque vehicle is to b« col
ored wltn pink Duchess roses. Just now
l nt W ?. ( ? dwor «, ls belns covered 'with pink
Bilk which will afford a good background.
Santa Barbara Programme.
COLTON, May B-^The city Is being gayly
decorated' with scores * of , flags* and' yards
of. '.bunting, in honor of the coming of -the
nation's .President. . Preparations Vare be
ing made to present each member -of the
party,, fruits and flowers. There .will be
hundreds of -visitors here,' as people from
Riverside and San .Bernardino: have' al
ready • signified their intention, of greeting
the chief magistrate upon his arrival here.
Colton Prepares.
¦ SAN RAFAEL, May 5.— The Marin
County committee for the reception of
President McKinley in this county during
his visit' In- the State has ' prepared- its
plans. When the President arrives at
Sausalito he will be met by all the Sausa
lito school children and many others from
the interior of the county. Mount Tamal
pias Military Academy and the Selborne
School will turn out in -force and Com
pany D of the city under Captain ' Cheda
will also be at this point' to greet the
President. A special car will take • the
party to Mill Valley, from which place an
other train will carry the party to the top
of "Mount Tamalpais. Here* a banquet
will be tendered the President. .Arrange
ments have been made to make the visit
to the mountain as private as possible.
Maria's Reception.
;/¦; In Ventura. . r " —.
VENTURA,: May. 5.—Plans for the re
ception, of" President McKinley and - his
party, are: rapidly; maturing.V'.The' Board
of Trade has been assured by Secretary
Cortelyou that the party .will remain here
one hour. ; Ventura. has; arranged for a
drive for the Presidental party, which will
include the principal portions of-the town
as well as a short trip on the-beach.,,- \
OMAHA; May §.— The Sunday closing
orders were for; the -most part observed
to-day. ' Two , saloon-keepers Iwere arrest
ed for failing to bolt their side' doors and
half a dozen bootblacks were arrested. °,
KANSAS CITY, May 5.— Saloons inlCan
sas City were closed as tight as a drum
to-day, for the first time in six years.
. / ¦ . . ? ' ' ¦
,' ';. Sacramento's,- Display.
; SACRAMENTO, May 5. T At a. meeting
of the citizens' committee of 'reception to
the President It- was decided to give an
electrical display. ; The main streets of the
city will be strung with incandescent
lights and. the" State Capitol. building will
be covered. with the same from the dome
to the KTound." ' *-......¦ . . -.
The arches , of ; the', Street ¦ Fair will be
utilized and; the Queen's throne will be
placed at- the disposal of> the President's
party while tke grand .' stand will - be
packed with ' thousands of school children.
1DOOBS OF THE SALOONS ."V, \
. AHE ' TIGHTLY CLOSED
CALL : BUREAU, 1106 G STREET, N
v7., WASHINGTON, May 5.-A11 the cof
fee consumed in the United States can be
prown in the Islands which have been ac
quired since the outbreak of the Spanish
war. This is the conclusion reached by
the Bureau of Statistics of the Treasury
Department after a careful study of the
coffee producing capabilities of our new
insular possessions. The islands in which
coffee can be successfully grown are Ha
waii, Porto Rico and the Philippines.
Porto RIcan coffee, in the markets where
It is well known, is regarded as the best
In the world,: and u is the conclusion of
. the Bureau of Statistics that when the
coffee plantations have been developed in
the Philippines and Hawaii all of one
million dollars or more which the United
States sends abroad every week for cof
fee can be expended among- the inhabi
tants of our. own' islands. Porto- Rlcan
coffe has long commanded the high prices
In' the European markets, though it' has
been comparatively little known m ; the
United States. ¦ ¦ . ' ., . .
The developments of coffee . culture In
Hawaii during the. past few - years have
been: very satisfactory both in quality of
the coffee produced and the prices real
ized. In the Philippines the product is of
& high grade, . and ¦ the*"" fact - that the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
American Capital to Be
Invested in Our : New
Possessions.
WILL DEVELOP
COFFEE FIELDS
Georee ' Whittell Is well, known here as
a prominent . society., and . club ..man. _ He
left San : Francisco a year or two ago ; and
established his residence in New York. A'
short while after leaving here 1 . the , courts
were called .upon to < decide Hhe> question
of ¦; Whittell's .residence. "He had" been
made execu tor of the estate .of Nicholas ,
NEW YORK, May 6.— One of the big
winners .in the post-election market in
Wall street and about whom: the tmblic
knows little, Is. a quiet San Francisco man
named George .Whittell, - now staying ' at
the Waldorf-Astoria. He has been a bull
since last October and T , has bought some
standard stocks- not traded in. on Ex
change, which have marvelously appre
ciated in value," as well as taking a '.'flyer"
at v . noted - speculative • issues. „¦ He s waa
wealthy .before he began and an acquaint
ance of his said, positively to-dav that
Whittell's fortune, had , been swelled by
$5,000,000 -since the election. - '* -
"I know it, for he made it under, my
very nose," said this man, .who -is more
or; less of -a public man . and a - widely
known trader -besides. "He • made it in
NS-tional City Bank, Standard Oil, Atchi
son and Union Pacific principally." •
It-is quite possible, r however, that the
sum of Mr. Whittell's winnings. has been
exaggerated.
Reports; Credit George
Whittell With 1 Great
Success.
;•:.... Special Dispatch to The Call. .
WINS MILLIONS
IN BIG DEALS
physical conditions and- climate of. the
Islands are very similar to those of- Japan,
the greatest coffee producing island of the
world, suggests great possibilities to those
wl^ desire, to see' American money ex
pended under the American flag. The fact
that the United States Is by far the great
est coffee-consuming country of the world,
and is steadily increasing her consump
tion, suggests that American capital and
energy may turn .their ¦ attention ' to this
promising field, now opened in the islands
where American enterprise can safely en
ter upon business undertakings.
Our coffee importations during the nine
months ending with March, 1901, amounted
to 617^44^)00 pounds, with a value of $43,
218,000,-a sum nearly $5,000,000 in excess of
the value of the coffee .- imports , of the
same. months of the preceding fiscal year,
indicating. that for the full fiscal year the
total value of the coffee Imported into the
United States will be about $60,000,000. i r /
The finance . committee has - $1500 sub
scribed, with ready responses .' from all
who have been 'solicited. About $-1000 will
be needed to* defray the expense of the
reception. .
There will 1 be a big demand for flowers
for decorative purposes. The committee
will call upon the citizens in due season
to • contribute from the thousands of rjri
vate gardens that beautify .the city
Prominent members of the Ebell So
ciety, including Mrs. R. P. 1 Gleason Mrs
W. H.- Friend and others, have offered the
suggestion that the ladles of Oakland
prepare an appropriate souvenir, in satin
with flowers; for presentation to Mrs Mc-
Kinley during her brief stay at the'resi
dence of Senator. George C. Perkins -
Preparations are going on .thoroughly
and systematically f or the ; reception at
the^ University of California. No elab
orate features have been proposed, as the
committees in charge desire . to have the
affair, one of simplicity, in. entire harmony
with republican and 'American university
-The President is. expected to- arrive at
the Berkeley station by special train at
about 9:40 o^lock. He^will be-mlt by
President WTheeler of the University of
California and , driven up Center street
to. the + oval ot the college V cmde r path
where the exercises will ,be heldf Center
street from the station .to - the grounds
wilKbe decorated by a local
In charge of that work. An arciTwHi bl
erected over, the Center-street entrance
-As the university • grounds are now at
their : nrettiest, the driveway ; through the
oaks wlir need no further decorations
than provided by nature." • . ™"*^ lon3
_ The ¦¦ committee - of •>. arrangements 'will
make no , attempt to seat all of the crowd
expected. It .would be impossible, Al
together about 8000 seats will be provided
These will be reserved : until , within fif
teen minutes or the opening of the exer
cises. * Students • will . be : given preference
of seats, . and they, are : now signing * for
Chief of Police Hodgklns, who has
charge of the arrangements for handling
the crowds alons'the route and at the
high school, has decided to string heavy
wires along the curbs. and to barricade the
streets leading Into-, the high- school.
Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth, Grove and Jef
ferson streets will be fenced off in order
to prevent teams from, encroaching upon,
the. people. The police force will be in
creased by seventy-five special policemen
to guard the line of. march. .
least three, if not five, arches will be
erected along the route, including a floral
arch at " the intersection of i Fourteenth
street and Broadway. Arches will be
built at Twelfth street and Broadway and
at Twelfth and Washington streets. The
committee ¦ has • under consideration, the
erection of arches at Harrison and Thir
teenth streets and at the foot of Broad
way. _-V:- r Y " . •
, At the high school building- a great can
opy of bunting and flags will be erected
over - the President's stand, which will
face Lafayette Park. The entire building
will be lavishly decorated.
r OAKLAND,- May ; 5.— The • Presidential
reception committee has nearly completed
its ; plans < of The 'streets^ on
the • route to be v taken * by the : party i will
be strung < with '. flags j and' banners" on lines
two feet; apart from 1 . Fourteenth and j Har
rison streets to. the foot of Broadway. -At
Reception at Berkeley to
Be i in Keeping With
:> Republican : Simplicity
ARCHES TO . SFAN - '
"'OAKLAND DRIVES
to house top the decoration committee
has stretched long strings of incandescent
lights. Along Spring and Broadway
streets there will be a sixteen-candle pow
er lamp to every foot at and on both sides,
of the streets. At intersections with cross
streets more lights, a cloud of them and
of every color in the spectrum, will be
stretched in a high pointed canopy.
The business district will for the week
resemble more, a' gaudy ' bejewelled ; stage
setting for an extravaganza, ... ;
' It is to be such a display as Los Angeles
has never yet seen. Spring, Broadway
and Main streets are strung with twenty
four foot flags in fiesta and: national col
ors, all the business concerns are coming
to the front generally, with rich hued
bunting and banners .-. and - by -Tuesday
evening there will be little evidence left
that the business district' was ever given
over to ; any other uses than those of
pleasure. . . . '<¦
The programme of the fiesta is as fol
lows: . : ¦ ¦ . ¦ -" • - .. •¦: v : -¦?'""-¦»
"Tuesday,' May • 7-^-Grand ¦ illumination of the,
principal i streets from 7 : to 12 p. m. ; concert
atpark-and other public places.
: Wednesday, ; May 8— Musio - at public places
and park - from 10 to 12 a, m. \ Arrival of
Presldei/t McKinley at '2:30 p.' m. at Arcade
depot; will be received-toy G. A. R., Army and
ISTavy League, local reception committee and
other organizations. Parade 'from depot : to
Van Nuys Hotel. * Public . reception at Van
Nuys from 3:30 to' 5, p. m.,' when he will dine
,wlth Homer Lauglln in Adams street 1 at'7:30,
where he will pass the night. . Evening in city
— Illumination and music in. the business sec
tion of Los Angeles. \ : '
Thursday, May. 9— Grand flower -parade with
gorgeous Oriental ' division carrying dragon.
Subsequent ' to - the parade the President will
attend several functions in his honor, and will
visit the Soldiers', 1 Home at Santa Monica;
to be there ; received < by . the old veterans. . ¦
¦ : At } 7 :30 p. - m. " he will ;• drive ' with . General
Otis. 'He will pass the night at Bivouac, Gen
eral Otis'.; home. -.-» • : : <JV3^S«**»**»
• Evening in city — Illumination'-, and music in
principal streets of L.os ¦ Angeles. ; : ¦ * -.- , :
¦¦!¦ Friday, May 10— President will leave early
in ' the - morning for the . north. There will be
no .'leave-taking. . -
-. Forenoon In . Los - Angeles — Music- In . parks
and other places.' Afternoon — Race meet undar
auspices < of Los Angeles Driving Club. < - ¦ •-.
Saturday, . May.: 11— La Fiesta closes,- with
muslcand general illumination. . . . j
Luriing, and when he rendered an ac
count ot his stewardship a suit was insti
tuted by Mrs. Fife, one of the heirs, for
more than 1700,000, which she claimed was
due her. "Whittell claimed the estate had
depreciated to that extent. The suit to
determine his leg-al residence grew ."out of
the suit for damages and was brought be
fore the Federal and United States Cir
cuit courts. • . . ¦. - ... ¦'.;< .
Electricity Has ' Trans
formed City Into Glitter
ing and Beje\yeled Stage
, LOS ANGELES, May. 5.— Preparations
for entertaining the Presidential party
are rapidly nearing completion,
i From to-morrow night on through every
'night of fiesta week trie business district
of the city, will be a"" place transformed.
Up and down and, across the streets, high
over the heads of every one, will blaze a
myriad of 'varicolored lights. Electricity
Is to run riot through the general decor
ative scheme. .
• From pole to pole and from house top
WEEK OF FIESTA
* IN LOS ANGELES
Hill, thence down Cajon street to Olive
avenue, past the Smiley Public Library,
to the railroad depot for departure on the
train at 12 o'clock. a
President McKinley and Governor Gage
will ride in the first carriage; in the sec
ond Mrs. McKinley and Mrs. Gage; in the
third Miss Barber and Henry T. Scott; in
the fourth Secretary Hay and Mrs. Hay;
in the fifth Secretary Long and Mrs. Long;
sixth, Postmaster General Smith and Mrs.
Smith; seventh, Secretary Hitchcock and
Miss Hitchcock; eighth, Secretary- Wilson
and Miss Wilson; ninth, Secretary Cortel
you, Mrs. Cortelyou, L. I. Scott, J. Krutt
schnltt; tenth, Dr.-Rixey, Mrs. Rixey, C.
C. Moore and Mrs. Moore; other carriages
with State and county officials.
With each carriage will be a member
of the board of directors of the Redlands
Board of Trade, who will point out to the
party places of Interest along the drive.
General J. S. Gage, a veteran of the civil
war, will have charge of the President's
salute of twenty-one guns. The cannon
will be placed at such a distance from the
Incoming train that the report will not
disturb any of the party. The members
of the Grand Army Posts will compose
the firing party.
Ohio's delegation will arrive In San Joae
twenty-four hours before the Presidential
party, on Sunday, the 12th. They ,will be
given a more extensive view of the county
than it ¦will be possible to give the Presi
dent, as Sunday afternoon will be devoted
to driving the visitors about the beautiful
valley roads.
- The headquarters of the Ohloans In tho
Courthouse will be handsomely decorated,
and- here a reception will be tendered all
residents of the Buckeye State. A special
reception will be tendered Governor Nash
and party of Ohio, and It is expected that
the President can . be prevailed upon to
attend for a short time. Open house -will
be kept during the carnival. Governor
Nash' s party will be taken for a drive
about the valley- and given an Italian
breakfast at the Quito farm. ",-
The . ladies' auxiliary committee has
asked and received permission from the
management to name the person who will
present the mammoth bouquet to Presi
dent McKinley. Mrs. E. O. Smith will
probably be chosen, as it was her bright
idea that gave the carnival this feature.
She is chairman of the ladles' committee
and' has been very active in the arrange
ments for the festival.
A miniature of the battleship Ohio made
of flowers will be the offering of the Ohio
ana of this city and county to President
McKinley.- At first it was intended to
have it a float in the parade, but this has
been abandoned, and the. ship will now be
suspended between two pillars in front of
the Courthouse. The battleship will be
twelve feet long. White calla lilies will
form the base, while the detail work will
be of red and blue flowers. ,
A' contribution to the. general fund of
the carnival In the nature of a- large
check has been received from Mrs. Jane
Lathrop Stanford. The university, too,
has offered Its services la any way deemed
best by the committee to hejp make the
project a success. v .
SAN JOSE. May 5.— Santa Clara County
is ready to receive President McKlnley in
manner befitting 1 the Garden City of the
"West. Thousands upon thousands of
flowers are being plucked to do honor to
the nation's Chief Executive. A wilder
ness of blossoms will be presented on this
occasion for the delight of the city's
guests— a profusion such as it would be
almost impossible to gather elsewhere
than in the sunny and fertile valley of
the Santa Clara. /
Arrangements are complete. The man
agement and the committees have worked
long and hard. For nearly j[ our months
the preparation has been In;]*ogress. and
there- have been thousands *of workers,
from the school, child who has acted as
gardener, planting and training 1 the small
plot of flowers set a-side for each, one who
cared to help, to the director general,
who' has devoted his entire time to the
Carnival affairs. Many hands have done
hard work, and ' constant attention has -
made Santa Clara County's welcome the
most pretentious, In a floral way, of any
city on the President's^ route. San Jose
will provide the Californian floral exhibit
for the benefit of the Eastern visitors,
and it will cause eyes to open wide at its
magnificence.
In the parade on the morning of the
14th, when President McKlnley will ride
at the head of a procession of fifty floral
floats and hundreds of carriages deco
rated with blossoms, the idea has been
not to attempt to compete with the larger
cities in number of . organizations in line,
nor in military splendor. The results of
the fertile soil and beautiful climate,
flowers In profusion, will be the sole rea
son for the exhibit.
At a meeting yesterday of the ladles' .
auxiliary committee. Mrs. "Williams', a *
landscape gardener from near Alma, was
given charge of the decoration of I the
fountain in St. James Park. Her plans
are very extensive and will make this one
of the most beautiful features of the
floral display. Mrs. Williams has one of
the finest ferneries in the State, and sne.
intends to use her choice plants in . the
decorations. These will be arranged with
an abundance of flowers to make the cen
ter of the park a floral labyrinth.
: Mrs. Addle Frink, secretary of the com
mittee, has . already received notice of
about five hundred contributions of flow
ers for the women's work in the decora
tions. The fear that the recent rain had
injured the Carnival flower crop is . un
founded, and there will be blossoms in
San Jos© Will Be a Wil
derness of Blossoms — A
Splendid Floral Exhibit
CAREFUL PLANS
NEAR FRUITION
I ,Whlttler. Ctoburn & Co.. *20: Gutta Percha
and Rubber Manufacturing Company, VXH i->.
Hart & Brother. *20; Kohlber*. Strausa & Froh
man, $20; Norton Tanning Company, *20; S. H.
Frank & Co., |20; Thomas Denigan & Co.. $20;
Braun &. Prior, $20: Kron Tannins Company.
$20; Parcel's. Greenwood & Co., $20; Franlc
Maakey & Co. $20; Gruenhagen Brothars . $-».
Hastings Clothing Company. $20; O. H. Cmbsen
& Co.. $20; Bullock & Jones Co., $20; Giant Fow
der Company. $20; Bancroft-Whitney Company.
$20: S. Bachman & Co., $20; St. Nicholas Hotel.
$20; Hotel Pleasanton. $20; New Western and
International Hotel. $20; Standard Biscuit Com
pany, $20; Gualala Mill Company. $20; Bartlett
Doe, $20; Byxbee & Clark, $20; Pacific States
Saving. Loan and Building Company, $20; Bald
win- Jewelry Company, - $20; M. Blaskower &
Co $20- H XJ. Brandensteln, $20; John Sroufe
'& Co. $20i F. Chevalier & Co.. $20; William
"Wolff & Co., $20: Henry Campe & Co.. $20; Liv
ingston ¦& Co., $20; Gutte & Franlc, $20; O'Calla
ghan, Xelaon & Co.. $20; Hicks- Judd Company.
$20; American Type Company, $20: N. Gray &
Co $20; T. M. Ferguson. $20; Twomey
& Miholovlch. $20r Union Pulp &
Paper Company, $15: - Jesse E. Marks. $1=;
K. B. Hogue, $20; Pacific Metal "Works, $20;
Flschbeck & Cheetham. $20: J. P. Dunne &
Co $20; J. L. Marks. $20;. B. Pasquale & Co.,
$20;'. Hlldebrandt & Posner Co.. $20; % Spruance-
Stanley Co.. $20: ¦WIchman-lAjtgen Co $20; H.
Buneman. $20: Caley & Roeder $20: Campbell
M*son & Campbell. $20; E. S. Plllsbury &
Co $20; Nevada Warehouse and Dock Com
pany $20; Charles Newman. $20: I. Deuich.
$20- A I Hall & Co.; $20: John Morton & Co..
$20 : H. J. Kowalsky. $20; Mission Soap and
Candle Works. $20; Nonotuck Slllc Company.
$20; Justinian. Caire & Co.. $20; F. Fugazl A
Co.. $20; Albert Wolff (Spreckels Rotlsserie).
$20; Union Lumber Company. $20; John Center.
t'0 : Golden Gate- Cloak and Suit House. $20:
Charles Moore & Co.. $20; Braunschwelgrer &
Co $15: Kohler & Chase, $15: Rosenthal's.
(Inc.)! $15; Hansen & Klrlck. $15; Long Syrup
Company, $13. Total. ?U8i
them at the university. Tickets tor seats
will be sent to prominent citizens. The
platform from which the President will
speak will face the bleachers on the
west. It will seat several hundred in
vited guests, among them members or
tno Presidential party. Governor Nash of
Ohio, Governor Gage, Regent3, faculty
and others. •*'.':
The following subscriptions were re
ceived for the twenty-four hours ending
Saturday evenly:
The Subscriptions.
ceptlon committee. Second carriage-
Grand Commander Right Eminent Sir
George B. McKee; Deputy Grand Com
mander Sir W. Frank Pierce: Grand Gen
eralissimo Sir -William D. Knights; Grand
Captain General Sir George Sinsabaugn.
The line of march will be from the Pal
ace Hotel to the Mechanics' Pavilion and
return. :^afnK|BKnBBB
ALL IN READINESS TO GREET THE PRESIDENT
Continued from First Page.
PRECAUTIONS TO
PROTECT TRAIN
McKINLEY RESTS
IN OLD EL PASO
Continued from First Page.
President and Mrs. McKInley as soon as
the members of the Davis Committee had
¦withdrawn. While they were waiting: at
the end of the Pullman they were photo
graphed. As the ladies withdrew, Mrs.
llcKinley appeared a-t the door, of the car
and smiled sweetly at those in the vicin
ity. She was greeted with cheers, the
lifting of hats and the waving of hand
kerchiefs. Sire threw kisses to a number
of children who were near at hand, and
the little ones seemed to appreciate this
gracious act of the first lady of the land.
Mrs. McKinley's Health.
Mrs. McKinley's health has not been
good and she Ehows plainly the effects or
tho fatiguing journey across the great
State of Texas. She is better to-day, but
at other points to the eastward the
gravest apprehension was felt for her con
dition, and her physician at one time
feared that it would be necessary for tier
to discontinue the journey. Many per
sons in the crowd .to-day noted that her
face indicated that her health ,was not
good. " They also noted the tenderness
with which the President supported her
¦with his arm and assisted her to and from
the seat. Alarming reports concerning
her state of health have been telegraphed
from various -points along the route.
These have been somewhat exaggerated.
It cannot be denied that she -is in a very
frail condition of health, but there has
been no decided change for better or
¦worse.
At New Orleans the rocking of the boat
completely upset her and for an hour, or
two she kept to her cabin, with the Presi
dent in constant and anxious attendance
upon her. At San Antonio she was in a
state of partial collapse on account of the
very warm weather and the excitement
Incident to such a trip; This morning
•when she went for a drive it was ob
served that she was quite- infirm. She
walked feebly and had to be supported.
Yet, it must be remembered that as long
ago as the first inauguration of President
McKinley she was in much the same con
dition and had to be supported on the
platform at the east front of the Capitol
by the President's brother, Abner Mc-
Kinley. It is hoped that she will be able
to accomplish the remainder of the jour
ney without serious indisposition. To-mor
row the Iadie3 of the party will be enter
tained in Old Juarez at a breakfast, and
it is hoped that Mrs. McKinley will be
well enough to be present. %
[~K:'~, The Southern Reception.
. I asked Secretary Hay to-night to give
me his Impressions of the reception ac
corded President McKinley in the' South
and of general conditions in the Southern
sections traversed by the Presidential
train.
"It Is a satisfaction to comply with Ths
Call's request," said he, "for it gives me
unbounded pleasure to acknowledge by
some public utterance the gratification we
all feel over the generous and hospitable
treatment we have received all along the
. line since we left Washington. We ex
pected It. and were not disappointed. The
liberality and hospitality of the Southern
people have long been proverbial in our
country. If there has been any lack of
enthusiasm at any point along the line,
it was not observable by any member of
our party. The Southern people have
learned the art of entertaining in a quiet
manner. If there has been any lack of
noisy demonstrations, it is because of this
fact. Our receptions at various points
along the route have been quiet but none
the less cordial. Business and general con
ditions are improviug In the South, and
we are happy to not« it."
Postmaster General Smith said:
"Our welcome in the South has been all
that we expected. Everywhere have we
received the most kindly treatment. It
must be remembered that a vast number
of people in the South are-ppposed politi
cally to the present admmistratibn, but
It has gratified us to observe that the
Southern people have not allowed political
prejudices to influence them to any ex
"tent- .---- ... : . • "• -
A Steady Improvement.
"I have observed in the public prints-'
some allusions to a rather cool treatment
accorded the President and his associates
on his trip; but it must be remembered
that Southern methods are different from
those of the North. In place of the pyro
technic welcomes to which we are accus
tomed in the North, we have received in
the South receptions none the less sincere
because quietly expressed. As for gen
oral business conditions in the South and
conditions generally, they are just about
as we expected. No close observer can
fail to notice a steady improvement in
business and industrial conditions ; in the
South, slow but sure, and God speed the
day when the Southern country will be
completely regenerated and revived! Her
natural resources are abundant, her peo
ple Intelligent and industrious. There is
no reason why general prosperity
throughout the South should be retarded,
and if any act of the administration can
be an aid to the material welfare of the
Southern people, you may be sure it will
be forthcoming."
Phoenix Prepared;
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 5.— Phoenix is
elaborately decorated and preparations
are almost complete for a great welcome
to" the Presidential party. The President
is scheduled to arrive in Phoenix on Tues
day.
METCALF URGES
VALLEJO TRIP
Congressman Victor H.
Metcalf of the Third District
said this evening:
"It would be an excellent
thing if the President could
find- time to visit the Mare
, Island Navy Yard, for much
good would come, from such a
trip. I will leave to-morrow
for the south to meet the
President and will take the
matter up at that time. - The
great difficulty is that the
route of the President has al
ready been completed and it is
• very difficult to make a
change. I have just returned
from Vallejo and the people
of that city are much inter
ested. They hope that at least
the Secretary of the Navy will
visit the navy yard. I hope to
he able to have a portion of the
Presidential party, if not the
President, go to Vallejo."
and at Kansas City George T. Gunnip of
the Santa Fe took charge of It. The train
was on schedule time and all aboard were
well.
Governor Nash was met here by Major
William. Arner, past commander of the
Grand Army of the Republic. Many prom
inent Missourians and residents of Ohio
also met the party.
FORMAL WELCOME
¦FOR PRESIDENT
Gage to Inaugurate Series
of Receptions by Extend-
ing at Redlan ds the
Freedom of the State
REDLANDS, May 5.— Active prepara
tions are under .way for the entertainment
of President McKinley and party. The
large double arches at the principal jtreet
crossings and' at the entrance and exit of
Smiley Park are well under way. Business
houses and residences are floating Old
Glory to the breeze and bunting 1 in liberal
quantities is being" used. : Redlands will
be decorated in gala attire, the like of
which has not been seen before.
The hotels have already reserved almost
all their rooms for people who expect to
be here Presidential day. Railroad officials
predict that there 'will be 10,000 visitors
here.
The Presidential party will arrive over
the Southern Pacific Railroad Wednes
day at 9 a., m., and will be escorted to the
Casa Loma Hotel by the Grand Army of
the Republic, National Guard and mount
ed police. The streets from the depot to
the .hotel will/ be literally covered with
flowers, and on either side will be placed
a line of school children, who will wave
palm branches and strew flowers in the
President's pathway. . <
Arriving at the hotel a reception will be
held, and after an introduction by Mayor
Fowler official welcome to the State of
California will be tendered by Governor
Gage, Lieutenant Governor Neff, Senator
Bard. Chief Justice Beatty of the Su
preme Court, the Congressional commit
tee and the legislative committee.
During the delivery of the addresses
and responses the women of Redlands will
tender a reception to the guest of honor,
Mrs. McKlnley, in the hotel parlors.
After, these ceremonies • the . party will
take carriages for a drive over Redlands,'
along the following route: Down Orange
street to the park, through the park to
Grant avenue, to Brookside avenue, to
Railroad avenue, to Olive avenue, to Cres
cent boulevard, up to Cypress avenue, up
Cypress avenue to Terracina, from Ter
racina to Canon Crest Park -. (Smiley
Heights), down the . Serpentine drive to
Crescent boulevard, - Crown street. High
land avenue. Center street, . up Prospect
London Times Comments.
GOVERNOR NASH'S
WESTWARD TRIP
LONDON, May 6.— Commenting editori
ally on the "exceptional circumstances of
President McKlnley's tour and its party
objects," the Times refers -to his "use of
language at New Orleans which, in a liberal
sense, might be adopted with acclamation
by the Cobden Club," .and adds: "If by
seven weeks of unremitting toil he can .ob
tain any acceptance for these principles
among the American people he will be
able to look back upon them as the best
spent weeks of his political life."
¦ ' .' ¦ — : — » '.rV>
Religious Services With
Song and Music Held
•Aboard/the Ohio Special
KANSAS CITY, May 5.— The Ohio spe
cial bearing Governor Nash and staff and
about one hundred citizens of Ohio to
San Francisco for " the launching of- the
battleship Ohio passed through Kansas
City soon after noon- to-day. Religious
services were held on board the train at
11 o'clock, conducted by Rev. George W.
Collier, who was chaplain -fit the Thirty
fourth Ohio Regiment during the Civil
War, in the same brigade with President
McKinley. n
Rev. Dr. Collier read the Thirty-fourth
Psalm and based his discourse on it* As
there were many good singers in the party
the music was a prominent feature. For
accompaniment there was the hum of
the train, which waa making aJmost a
mile a. minute. Nearly all on the train
had been called into on© of the larger cars
for the services.'
The train was In charge of General Pas
senger Agent McCarthy of the Baltimore
and Ohio Southwestern to St. Louis, then
of A, A. Gallagher of the Missouri Pacific,
THE : ;sA;N:VFRANC^Sc6^Al]!^; : :Mg^
2
If You Have]Bheumatism
Send no money, but wrUeDf.Shoop.Racln'e.WU.^
box 137.for six bottles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic
Cuie.exp.pald. If cured payJ5.50.lt not.lt Is free*TWO OF THE RIVAL BRITISH AND BOER COMMANDERS WHOSE FORCES ARE REPORTED TO BE CON
VERGING TO THE HILLS AROUND HARTBEESTEFONTEIN, WHERE A BIG BATTLE IS BELIEVED TO BE
IMPENDING. THE BOERS ARE SAID TO HAVE 5,0W MEN MASSED.
'.'¦Waterman,'' ."Stanly,"^"Marshall" and
"Falcon" Fountain .• pens : . are • the . best '¦ In
the world for? the money. Sanborn," Vail
& ; Co., stationery .department; selling
agents for San Francisco. fgJ^»fijss|BL*|ri
MONTREAL,. May 5.— Brunnel'g Hotel,
a small hostelry In a suburb of this city.
was burned to-day, and -three Inmates.
Mrs. BrunneU, wife of the proprietor,
and a farmer and his wife perished In the
flame'
Lives Lost in Hotel Fire.
IMMIGRANTS CARRYING iy£i :
, SMALLPOX ON LINERS
Several Cases of the Disease Found
by Health Authorities at
New York. ">"
NEW -YORK, May 5.— The ocean liners
arriving of late are averaging 1000 immi
grants each and the Health Officer of the
port is kept busy. Steerage passengers
with sore eyes are rejected and on Satur
day a case of smallpox was discovered" on
a' German steamer. The patient was sent
to the pesthouse and over 100 passengers
were removed from the vessel to Hoffman
Island. • , -
REVEUTGEFUL GYPSIES
POISON DRINKING WELLS
A steamer from Marseilles " to-day had
three cases of - smallpox among her 1173
steerage passengers. They were also sent
to the pesthouse.
Fifteen Hungarians Who Drank of
the Water Have Since
Died. . /
LONDON. May 6.— The Dally Mall pub
lishes the : following telegram from .Vi
enna: ; "A' gang ' of j gypsies, in : revenge
for' their previous . capture by gendarmes,
poisoned the wells In the village of Ka
polyaw, ' Hungary, - with - the « result that
fifteen - persons < have died. - of , poisoning.
Several of the gypsies have . been ar
rested." ' '
Friends of the Dead Man Capture His
Slayer and Surrender Him
to Sheriff.
VALENTINE, Nebr., May 5.— Several
drunken Indians engaged In a row last
night on the outskirts of town, where
they were encamped. The affray result-"
ed in Anton Ladeaux shooting and kill
ing John BulJ-Walks-Behind. Several In
dians seized Ladeaux, bound him hand
and foot and turned him over to the
Sheriff. Ladeaux is a first lieutenant of
Indian police at the Redbud Agency.
Chicago Typographical Union Failed
to Give Moral Support to
Striking Pressmen.
CHICAGO, May 5.— After one of the
stormiest meetings in its history the
Chicago Federation of Labor to-day ex
pelled Typographical Union No. 16 by a
vote of €3 to 1L The action was taken
on the report of a special committee
v.hich was appointed four weeks ago to
Investigate the complaint of the Press
men's Union that the printers \ had re
fuse*} to give their moral support to the
striking pressmen of the Newspaper Pub
lishers' Association.
POLICE LIEUTENANT
KILLS DRUNKEN" INDIAN"
Adopt the Rules Promulgated by Un
cle Sam. Regarding the Cord
ing of Packages.
OTTAWA, Ont., May 5.— The Dominion
authorities have concurred in the United
States regulations recently . adopted re
specting the cording and sealing of
packages passing between the United
States ports via Canada. The cords must
be sealed by United States customs offi
cers, and the seals are to remain until
th2 gopds arrive again in the United
States. Railroad Iron and other mer
chandise in bulk, which is incapable of
being put in locked cars, may be trans
ported in platform cars duly corded and
sealed.
ORDERED EXPELLED FROM
FEDERATION OF LABOR
DOMrNTON AUTHORITIES
CONCUR IN REGULATIONS
Reports of Result of Trip to Wash
• ington Will Be Made Public
at Conference.
HAVANA, ;2ilay 5.— The spedal commis
sion of the* Constitutional^ Convention
which went to Washington arrived here
to-day. They were met by a delegation of
Cubans and General Scott, representing
the Military Governor. The commission
held several , conferences during the trip,
and an understanding was reached. An
other meeting will be held to-morrow,
when the report of the commission' will
be drawn up and a call issued for a con
ference with the other delegates.
SPECIAL COMMISSION --.
RETURNS TO HAVANA
OPPOSED TO THE NEW
RAILWAY ORGANIZATION
Brotherhood of Trainmen Do Not
Favor the Pacific Coast
Movement.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., May 5.— The at\
tempt which Is being made on. the Pacific
Coast to rear up a new organization of
railway employes over the ashes of the
old American Railway Union and to in
clude in its membership members of all
railway unions in the country is likely to
receive vigorous treatment at the hands
of the Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen,
which opens its fifth biennial convention
to-morrow. National officers of the train
men who are <n the city do not hesitate
to say that they see in the new organiza
tion a menace to their own union, and de
nounce the attempt to build It up as a
movement to disrupt their own organiza
tion. It is not believed by the officers
that Eugene V. Debs Is behlrtu the move
ment, but from information which Is" in
their possession the Grand Lodge officers
say that the principles' of the new union
are almost the Fame as those of the Amer
ican Railway Union.
P. H. Morrissey, grand master of the
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, said
to-night In regard to the new organiza
tion:
"It will meet with no favor at the hands
of our organization. What action our
convention will take upon it or whether
it will take any action I cannot say. That
is a question for the convention to take
up and decide for Itself. . The new organ
ization has gained no members as far as
I know in the East, and those it has are
confined to the Pacific Coast. There is
no room for it at the present time."
Wholesale, Seizures in Connection
. With Alleged Revolutionary
Movement.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 6.— During the
last few; days .there have been wholesale
arrests and seizures . in connection : with
the alleged revolutionary movement. It
is reported that persons of high position
and reputation are involved.
Several hundred persons have been ar
rested during the last forty-eight hours,
including a number of prominent men. .
Want No Strike of Miners.
ST. ETIENNE,. France, : May ' 6.— The
national " federal , committee | . has voted
against a general striks of the miners.
RUSSIAN 1 -OFFICERS lYTArRTE
HTjrNT>BEI>S OP ARRESTS
tional holiday commemorating the victory
of the Mexican forces over the French
and Imperialists at Puebla, thirty-nine
years ago, was celebrated all over the
Republic with the, usual enthusiasm.
President Diaz and suite, with a large
number of distinguished people, went in
the morning: to San Fernando Cemetery,
where they placed wreaths on the tomb
of General Zaragossa, leader of the vic
torious Mexican forces. The city was dec
orated, and the President was greeted
with tokens "of public enthusiasm.
MERIDA, Yucatan. May 5.— There Is
great enthusiasm, over the National holi
day, and in addition thanksgiving ser
vice's were held In all the churches for
the downfall of the Maya stronghold,
Chan Santa Cruz, which was to-day form
ally occupied by- the Federal troops and
the State forces. President Diaz tele
graphed his congratulations to the troops.
Public rejoicing Is- going on in. every
town. The Federal troops are rapidly
taking possession of the strong positions
held by the Indians.
President Visits the Tomb of General
\ Zarag-ossa, Who Led the
Forces. . ."
CITY OF MEXICO, May 5.— The Na-
MEXICANS COMMEMORATE
VICTORY WON AT PTJEBLA
Scattered among the embers were found
the charred remains of the victims. The
bodies were burned beyond recognition,
and were identified in various ways
The train crew, who live at Elkhart
Ind., are being held without -bail, await
ing the verdict of the Coroner's inquest.
The origin of the fire is unknown. The
building was an old one, built of wood
and burned so rapidly that all avenues of
escape by stairways were cut off before
the occupants were aware of the flre '
• Officials of the Lake Shore and Michigan
Southern Railway, on whose tracks the
train is said to have blockaded the fire
men, declare that they have evidence that
the blocking lasted but a few minutes and
that the members of the train crew did
everything in \ their power to make way
CHICAGO. May 5. — Seven people were
burned to death, three fatally injured and
several others slightly burned and other
wise injured in a fire that destroyed a
three-story apartment building at 9316
Marquette avenue. South Chicago, early
to-day. The' dead are:
MRS. JOSEPHINE COOLEY.
MABEL COOLEY, six years old, daugh
ter of Mrs. Cooley.
ANNIE COOLEY. fifteen months old.
PETER ZOOK, owner of the building.
MRS. PETER ZOOK.
VICTORIA ZOOK.
NIPHOT A 7DOTf "*
The seriously Injured^are:
William Cooley, husCand of Mrs. Jos
ephine Cooley; badly burned, will die.
Louisa Chrlstensen, face and body
burned; will probably die.
Mabel Christensen, two years old; se
verely burned, will die.
Harry Murphy, slightly burned and both
legs broken by jumping from third-story
window; will recover.
John Zook, badly burned and bruised;
will recover.
Mrs. Julia Erwln, burned and bruised.
While the occupants of the burning
building were struggling with the smoke
and flames in hopes of forcing their way
to safety, the firemen who were respond
ing* to the alarm were vainly waiting for
a freight train which blocked the way of
the fire engines to move away from the
crossing and give an open road to the fire.
Marshall Driscoll, in charge of the fire
men, called to the- conductor and-brake
men to move the train, but they refused
to comply with his request. The police
were sent for, and the train crew was ar
rested. Then, under orders of the lire
marshal, the train was backed from the
crossing, but by the time the firemen
reached the burning building the struc- 1
ture had been destroyed.
Men and Women Burned
to Death in South
Chicago.
SEVEN PERISH
IN THE FLAMES
for the fire, engines. After an Investiga
tion by the police officials the train crew
was released on bonds to-night.
The fire was fraught with an incident of
the most distressing character. The .little
2-year-old daughter of Christiansen, who
lived on the third floor, was terribly
burned, her left arm and her face being
roasted. Her lather, a follower of Dr.
Dowie, refused to allow the little one to
have medical attention and fought des
perately when she was taken from him.
He clung to the burned arm of the child
and part of the flesh was torn from the
member. When finally the police forced
him to give up the little one he cursed
them and prayed that they might be pun
ished for subjecting his child to the world
ly science of medicine. The father was
knocked down by some person in the
crowd and barely escaped lynching. He
was arrested. ?.
The expectation of the War Department
is that all the volunteers now in the Phil
ippines will have left the islands by tho
end of June, leaving only the regulars on
duty there. Following the departure a*
volunteers will come the regulars who
were sent to Manila in 1898 just after the
outbreak of the war, and. their movement
home will continue until the force is re
duced .to approximately 40,000 men.
WASHINGTON, May 5.— After a careful
consideration of the situation the admin
istration has decided to reduce the army
In the Philippines to 40,000. The opinion
prevails here that this number will be
ample for- the present needs of the serv
ice in the Islands, and if conditions con
tinue to improve in the satisfactory man
ner that has been'shown in the past few
months the force may be reduced still
further. • • : : ."'
War Department De
cides to Recall More
* Troops. .
forces, the raiding bands of the republi
cans preferring to pursue guerrilla war
fare.
REDUCING FORCE
IN PHILIPPINES
General Delarey. It is many months
since an engagement of any importance
has been fought between the opposing
Rawlinson- are being concentrated in the
vicinity of Hartbeestefonteln wit,h the ob
ject of attacking a big Boer force under
Russia Invests in. Coal Mines.
BERLIN, May 5.— The Russian Govern
ment has bought the coal mines in the
Ruhr district for 25,000,000 marks.
from London says: The most important
jewel thief capture Scotland Yard has
made in years was that of the robber
found In Mrs. J. P. Morgan Jr.'s house.
His arrest was the result of accident. A
man who gave his name as George How
ard called April 26 at Mrs. Morgan's
house, 13 Prince's Gate, and asked per
mission to examine the call wire of the
district messenger company. He ,. was
shown up stairs but was kept under ob
servation by a housemaid. He then said
he would go to the roof, and did so; but
he pulled the telephone wire abqut so that
the telephone company sent an electrician
on a bicycle to see what the matter was,
and Howard was arrested. At the time
of his visit there was $50,000 worth of jew
els In Morgan's house.
Capture of a Jewel Thief in London
the Result of an Ac
cident.
NEW YORK, May 5.— A World special
DISTUBBS THE WIRES
t • AND LANDS IN JAIL
of the Christian members objected and
the followers of Dowle were told they
•would have to go elsewhere. Henry Rider
and John A. Cook of Otsego were identi
fied with the movement refusing them the
church. Mr. Cook received a whitecap
letter a few days ago stating- that unless
the Dowieltes were allowed to use the
church building It would be burned and
also the building of Mr. Rider. The mem
bers of the Christian denomination at
once became greatly incensed, declaring
that the Dowieites should never set foot
again inside the church. They organized
a committee to guard the premises with
guns and threatened summary vengeance
on any of the new sect found prowling
about. The Dowieites also armed for
¦what they termed self-protection, and a
clash between the warring factions, which
will terminate in bloodshed, if not loss of
life, Is predicted. •
BINGHAMTON. N. T., May 5.— The
followers of Alexander r>owle have resort
ed to whltecap methods In Maryland,
Otsego County, and loss of life may result
at any moment from a clash between the
armed adherents of two sects. When sev
eral months ago the Dowleltes formed a
sect under the direction of L. A. Dibble
they were permitted to use the Christian
church as a meeting place. Later some
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Downieites Make Threats
to Destroy Church
Property.
SERIOUS CLASH
OF RIVAL SECTS
The Colombian Government officials,
concluded Mallet, are experiencing very
strong precautions in order to prevent
news affecting themselves from leaking
out of the country. Advices from other
sources report heavy lighting last week
in the interior near Squavinilla and Barin
quilla. They repulsed an attack of the
Government forces, with heavy losses on
both sides.
The Colombian Government has taken
the most strict precautions to guard the
more Important towns of the country, and
especially Panama, which is considered
to be perfectly safe. In spite of the
strong garrisons, however, the rebels oc
casionally manage to get near enough to
the towns to inflict damage by sniping.
No organized attack has been made dur
ing the past two months.
The country Is altogether unsettled in
consequence of .the continuation of the
struggle. Business Is paralyzed, as the
merchants are afraid to trade under the
present conditions. Exchange on London
is at 130. and on New York it is 140. The
people in the interior of the country are
suffering from the trade stagnation.
KINGSTON,- Jamaica, May 5.— Claude C.
Mallet, the British Consul at Panama, ar
rived here to-day on the steamer Atro on
his way to England. Mallet was Inter
viewed on conditions in Colombia, and
said the revolution there had degenerated
into guerrilla warfare and that the
strength of the rebels was not known.
One week perhaps 5000 men are In the
field, while the next week there will be
but 1000, as the rebels are in the habit of
returning to their homes in order to gath
er supplies, and the following week they
are out in full force again.
Colombian Revolution
Turns Into Guerrilla
Warfare.
REBELS HARASS
THE GARRISONS
MAKES A PLEA
FDR FELLOWSHIP
Christian Endeavor Soci
ety's Founder in th6
South.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 5.— The Iov»
Christian Endeavorers bear for their
president and founder, the Rev. Franci3
E. Clark, was shown this evening by
the thousands that attended the En
deavor mass-meeting held at Hazard's
Pavilion. All of the churches in Los An
geles in which there are • Endeavorers
suspended services for the evening. When
Dr. Clark made his appearance he was
greeted by hundreds of waving hand
kerchiefs In the hands of Endeavorers.
Tne Rev. Dr. Clark, who twenty years
aeo founded a society that to-day num
bers nearly 4.COO.00O members, in his ad
dress said:
"I know of no" State in which the Chris
tian Endeavor is more healthy or pros
perous or the membeis . more enthusi
astic than in California. In some of the
newer work you have led the way. In
proportion to the population there are
in California more members of the quiet
hour movement than in any other State.
"There is a message I would bring to
you to-night — a message of Christian en
deavor in the twentieth century. The
message is one of fellowship and brother
ly love, is one of union in our love for
Jesus Christ. , and of loyalty to our own
church and denomination. If this feeling
Is stronger than it was twenty years ago,
let us thank God for Christian endeavor.
I can say this without flattery to myself,
for this is not your movement; It is not
my movement: it Is God's work.
"I do not think that we have yet com©
to the zenith of our ambitions. God has
much for us yet to do. Is it not good for
us all to be here together? "We do not
know nor do we care for a. short time to
what denomination each, belongs. "We feel
that there is one name" above all other
names. We unite in saying that -we will
do whatever Christ would have us do."
Dr. Clark spoke of his trip around the
world .last year, and paid an. especial
tribute to the missionaries who suffered
during the Boxer troubles in China.
Mayor Taggart of Indianapolis Stop3
saves pu2asttre paety
from: sbbiotts accident
a Runaway at Risk of His
Own. Iiif e.
¦ ~i /¦ vrwn. iiue. .- . v .» *
CHICAGO, May 5.— Mayor Taggart of
Indianapolis, who Is here on a visit, to
day prevented a pleasure party from
meeting with a seriou3 accident, if not
death. He acted at the risk of his own
life. Mayor Taggart was riding: behind a
party in an automobile when the horses,
taking fright, ran away. Putting hla
macine to* its full speed Mr. Taggart
passed the runaways, brought - his auto
mobile to a stop and. jumping out none
too soon, grabbed one of the horses by
the bridle. The speed of the team car
ried him oft hi.s feet, and though he was
dragged for more than a block, he - kept
hold of the bridle and finally, brought the
horses to a standstill. Beyond a few slight
bruises Mr. Taggart was unhurt.
appeal for assistance to the Masonic fraternity
of the United States.
All contributions should be addressed to W.
P. Webster, grand secretary, Jacksonville, Fla.
The majority of the property owners
who suffered losses have announced their
Intention of rebuildine as soon as the de
bris canbe removed.
The city, is rapidly recovering from the
shock and excitement following the fire
and work actually begins to-morrow on
several sites In the fire demon's nath.
The following was issued to-day by Sec
retary Leldy and others of I. T, CJ.
Xo. 182:
To the Members of the Intematioaal Typo
graphical Union: The appalling disaster that
has befallen Jacksonville has not failed to
claim Its share of victims among our crafts
men. Our membership Is fiftv-fi\-e, and of this
number one-half are made homeless. Because
of the burning of Job offices some of our m;m
bers will be compelled to leave the city and
seek employment elsewhere. Among those who
will remain .many have lost everything. The
loss to our members will reach $12,000 or J13.C00.
If one-half the members nf the International
Union will contribute 25 cents each the total
will gt> a long way toward relieving present
distress. We therefore appeal to our fellow
craftsmen throughout the country to render
such assistance as they may feel able to do.
Contributions should be made payable to Joe
Sherouse. president, and Charles Leidy. secre
tary.
Message From the President.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla., May 5.—Gover
nor Jennings this afternoon received the
following telegram:
EL PASO, May 5.— To the Governor of Flor
ida, Tallahassee: I have Just learned of the
calamitous fire that has swept over the city
of Jacksonville, and hasten to express the
deep sympathy, in common with our country. I
feel for those who have suffered. The Govern
ment will do all it can in the work of relief.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Governor Jennings acknowledged the re
ceipt of the President's message of sym
pathy in the following telegram:
TALLAHASSEE.- Fla., May 5.— Hon. "William
McKinley. El Paso: We all appreciate your
sympathy for the suffering: of our people
caused by the Jacksonville conflagrratlon. which
is appalling-, and thank you for the aid of the
Government so generously tendered. Estimated
that over 10.CCO are homeless and that the loss
will reach $15,000,000. Xo lives lost so far as
known. Sufficient funds have been placed at
disposal of relief association to provide for im
mediate necessities. Perfect order prevails. I
beg to extend gratitude of the people of Flor
ida to you. W. S. JENNINGS, Governor.
Work for Belief Committee.
XEW YORK, May 5.— The Jacksonville
emergency committee of the Merchants'
Association of this city, organized to send
relief to Jacksonville. Fla.. to-dav re
ceived the following telegrams:
.TALLAHASSEE, Fla.. May 5.— Food supplies
needed as temporary relief. Jacksonville Re
lief Association will issue call, which will be
furnished you. giving class of supplies needed.
The people of Florida appreciate your noble
work. In their name I thank you.
IV. S. JENNIXGS. Governor.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla.. May 5.— One hundred
and thirty-six blocks, covering the best resi
dence and business portion of this city, burned,
about 10,000 people homeless and thousands des
titute. Our people responding liberally, but
demands for help beyond our ability to meet.
J. E. T. BOWDEN, Mayor.
To Mayor Bowden^ telegram was sent
telling him that thepBtizens of New York
would respond nobly to his appeal as soon
as they knew just what was needed and
that the emergency committee would meet
to-morrow with the old Galveston relief
committee to take action upon receipt of
any definite information.
yr ACKSONVILLE. Fla,. May 6.— The
it hunger of 10,000 homeless people
I was satisfied to-day upon the ar
<\J/ rival of relief trains and boats
bringing: provisions from neighbor
ing towns. Early this morning a commis
sary was established in the center of the
city and thousands were fed during the
day. The relief fund is growing hourly
and every mail brings offers of assist
ance.
To-day an order was promulgated under
martial law requiring all merchants whose
stores were spared by the conflagration
to open their doors and sell to all who
ask. The streets have been crowded all
day with shoppers who lost all in the
fire and many stores will remain open
all night.
It is estimated that 3000 persons nave left
the city and every outgoing train is
crowded with refugees. Five i-arloads of
tents were received to-day, the property
of the State, which are to be used by
the homeless temporarily. Another ship
ment of tents is expected from the Gov
ernment, to arrive to-morrow.
To-morrow mornlns the Tlmes-Lmon
and Citizen will estimate the total prop
erty loss at $11,000,000. These figures are
based upon an itemized statement fur
nished by a volunteer committee of citi
zens.
Rumors of Loss of Life.
Rumors of loss of life are on every
hand to-nisht and the river has been
closely watched to-day. Many Persons
have confirmed the report of lo«s of ll*e
at the Market-street wharf. Numerous
ndvertisements appeared, in the local pa
pers asking: for aid in searchm? for pei
snns who are missing. As many have left
the city for the gulf it is imooMlble to
pscertain who have been lost in the Mar
ket-street pier tragedy.
A committee of Atlantans was here to
dav to deliver $1000 worth of provisions,
promipir-p another car during the wee*.
Atlanta also furnished 1030 feet of hose
Martial law is being rigidly enforced and
the town Efl quiet to-night, although much
anxietv prevails because of the threats
said to have been made by the negroes
that they would obtain provisions by
force at 'their first opportunity. In the
western portion of the city th>» debris Is
Ftill burning, but no further outbreak of
the flames is anticipated.
To-morrow morning the citizens com
mittee will meet to further organize the
relief work. Every portion of the city will
be visited and food and provisions offered
wherever there is suffering. At a meeting
of the relief committee to-dav a resolu
tion was adopted offerins- work to every
unemployed person in the city, to be 'paid
for at the rate of Jl a day and rations. The
men will be put to work clearine away
the debris in the ruined district. It is
believed this plan will prove a happy solu
tion of the race situation and will ' pre
vent any anticipated trouble.
Appeals for Aid Sent Out.
Grand Master James Campbell of the
Masonic Grand Lodge of Florida to-night
Issued an appeal to the Masonic fraternity
of the United States, which says:
Twenty thousand of our citizens are home-
Ainong' the victims are those who ¦would un
der other circumstances be the first to con
tribute to the relief of the distressed.
Being unable to help ourselves we Issue this
From Capetown Comes News of a Mishap to a Party of Scouts and
Their Leader, but Details Are Not Given.
BRITISH COLONEL DENNISON
AND PATROL CAPTURED BY BOERS
Relief Trains and Boats Take Provisions to the
10,000 Sufferers of the Jacksonville Fire—Spe
cial Appeals Sent for Aid for Afflicted.
APPEASING THE HUNGER
OF THE HOMELESS PEOPLE
the fullest particulars as to German colo
nization In that part of the world, and a
glance at an ethnogrraphical atlas will
demonstrate that there are excellent rea
sons for careful consideration of the mat
ter." -
An array of figures and statistics is
made to show that South America "offers
a field for expansion of the world for un
told generations." The reason for Euro
pean neglect lies in the "corrupt and
ephemeral nature of South American gov
ernments and the existence of the Monroe
doctrine. A quarrel with a South Ameri
can Government may Involve war with
the United States. .That power neither
keeps its proteges in order nor allows oth
ers to do so, a hopelessly illogical position,
which cannot continue forever."
Then the Review continues:
America's Strong- Position.
"The occupation of Cuba has placed
the United States In a position of strength
which no maritime power with interests
in South America can afford to ignore.
Cuba In the old days formed the pivot oC
Spanish rule on the continent, and from
thence America will work. Is there any
thing remarkable that the Kaiser should
be steadily preparing for a conflict he
may -well deem inevitable? He cannot be
ignorant of the vigorous requisition for
coaling stations in all parts of the world
now being carried on by the United
States from the Azores to Yokohama.
German interests in South America are
already considerable, and it must be re
membered that her population is growing
enormously in excess of the capacities of
the Fatherland to maintain it. No ab
sorption of German-speaking Austria or
the opening up of Asia Minor for tradn
can meet this demand for increased space,
and South America remains both the rich
est and freest field."
GERMANY IS PREPARING
TO FIGHT UNITED STATES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
London Review .Declares the Enormous Expansion
of William's Navy Is. Owing to an Expected
x Clash ,Over Aggression in South America*
HAS WARNING
FOR PRESIDENT
NEW YORK, May 5.— Not against
England, but against the United
States, according to the London
Saturday. Review, is the enor
mous expansion of the German
navy now in progress directed. William
II, a "man who has shown himself sin
gularly gifted in grasping vital problems
before . his , country," is preparing for the
future, in which he foresees the possibil
ity of a great naval struggle with the
United States for partition or exploitation
of the great Sojith American continent.
How this argument, which has been re
sumed succinctly in recent cable dis
patches, is developed is of no little inter
est in view of the SDecial Interviews from
Berlin and Washington on the American-
German relations published last week.
Professing to give the real reasons for
the Kaiser's desire to create a great navy,
the Saturday Review says:
Development of German Energy. .
"He has seen that the richest and most
accessible field for the development of
German energy and emigration lies in.
South America. But over that vast and
little explored continent hangs the
shadow of the Monroe doctrine, and In
that must Ho the supreme menace to Ger
man-expansion. Like a wise ruler he pre
pares for the future. As the Saturday
Revlew has for so long been pointing out.
the mo3t severely practical reasoning
leads us to anticipate that the readiest
causes for future naval conflicts will be
found in the struggle for partition or ex
ploitation of the great South American
continent.
"The United Sfates has not been blind
to these possibilities, for some months ago
their Consuls were insT^gicted to furnish
Lunatic Asserts Train Is
to Be Blown Up in
Arizona.
He hurried to the manager, who decided
that Belvin needed police restraint. Bel
vin, with many an excited protest, was
taken to the nearest police station house
to be held until tho court has examined
into his sanity. :
"Certainly," said the man, much ex
cited. "Marie Corelli just sent it to me
by wireless telegraphy from . London."
"She did?" murmured the operator.
"I'll have to see about a special wire."
Early to-night a tall, well dressed man
of middle age hurried up to the telegraph
desk of the Iroquois and demanded a clear
wire for a telegram of vital importance.
"George B. Cortelyou. Paso del Nortez,
Texas." read the message. "Tell the
President, his train will be destroyed by
dynamite in' Arizona. Send rider ahead.
William Wayne Beivin."
The operator's eyes bulged. He stared
at the man in amazement. -..'-,'
"May I ask where you got this informa
tion?" asked the startled operator. '.".¦".
NEW YORK. May 5.— A special to the
Press from Buffalo says: So startling was
the telegram offered to-night by
William Wayne Belvin, the former
New York promoter, to the tele
graph operatoV .of the Hotel ! Iro
quois that the operator, amazed, called
the hotel detective, who arrested Belvin
and turned him over to the police for an
examination into nis sanity. Belvin in
sisted that a telegram be sent warning
President McKinley's private secretary
that the Presidential train was to be
blown up in Arizona, and declared that he
got his information from Marie Corelli by
wireless telegraph. Ke also warned the
police that the exhibition was under
mined.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FEAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 6, 1901.
LONDON, ' May 6.— "News has ar
rived here," says the Cape Town
correspondent of the Dally Ex
press, "that Colonel Dennison.with
a patrol of scouts, has been cap
tured. The location of the mishap is not
known in Cane Town."
The Geneva correspondent of the Daily
Mail asserts that President McKlnley has
informed Mr. Kruger that he cannot-re
celve him either officially or unofficially.
Considerable Interest is taken here in the
report from Johannesburg 1 that the troops
under Generals Methuen, Babington and
3
- NABER. ALFS & BRUME. A«ents.
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiaua Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGOAA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both cexea.
"The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For * the > cure of GONORRHEA, OUtil'a.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints ot tto ,
Organs of 'Generation, v
Price fl a bottle. For sal* by drustfat* ._
VISIT DR. JORDAN'S GREAT
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
: gj 105IJCABSITBI.W.fti47ft,S.r.Cil.
,Cf,. The Largest Anatomical Muiiam in the
I^yU>. World. Weaknenes or any contracted
B? Stt disease p«mi tf» r l y c.rej h y the oldest
fTggjI Specialist on the Coast. Esc 36 years.
flfffffl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
FnflfeH Consultation free and strictly prWate.
J jQiWtf Treatment personally or by letter. A
1 W Tl H *••'*'• <*""• >» wj case undertaken.
F H II ft Write for Book. rBILOHOnY of
iff- ill BARBMGE. MAILED FREE. ( A
' . ¦' A /L valuable book for men)*
DB.JOBDAX A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F.
ANHEU.SEBHBUSCfi'S
The Matt Tonic
(^J^^^^^\ Aids the doctor
1 * to cure you.
It nourishes and invigorates during
convalescence. Always helps — never
hinders— puts the whole system right.
Sold by all druggists. It is one of the
perfected products of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A. .
Brewers of the famous Budweiser, Michelob, Black & Tan, Pale-Lager,
*¦ Faust, Anheuser-Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.
ATlVKRTIRKm tti\TTR.Famine the Chief Food.
"What is, the chief -food of the people
of India?" asked, a teacher in a London
school the other day. "Famine," prompt
ly 'answered a little girl, who had ap
parently-been '"reading the papers. — New
York Tribune. . '
Longchamps Races.
PARIS, May . 5.'— At " the Longchamps
races to-day the Poule Pour Pourliches
resulted in a victory for M. AbelU's La
Carmarg. Kaff , ridden by Rigby, • the
American jockey; was second and Dido
third. " Eleven .: horses ran. The Prix
Pour Pourlaines was won' by Cheri, with
Fantassln- second and Baron de Roths
child's' Mirobolante third. V
ALAMEDA CRICKETEBS .
, : BEAT VISITING TEAM
The first cricket match in which a coun
try club has played for the annual trophy
took place yesterday on the ground at
Webster street, Alameda,' between the
Sacramento " and Alameda teams. The
home team went to the wickets first and
thanks to. the excellent total of 73 runs
compiled by F. Croll,. ran up a score of
126. To this the .visitors replied with 40
H. R.. Elliott being the only Sacramento
batsman to get double figures.' Croll took
five wickets and Harold Ward captured
three. On ; going Un for the second time
the visitors put together 65; runs, the best
cantributlons being R. S. Reynolds' 22 and
H. R. Elliott's 19. The visitors' total for
two Innings being. 105. the ".Alameda ; team
won by an inning and 21 runs.
Speaker Henderson's Way.
Speaker Henderson .resorts, to mam,
tricks to keep the House in order Th*
New York row, consisting of Messrs
Ruppert, Ryan. Riordan and Fitzgerald
was engaged in animated conversatinn
one day recently. The House wai in ellJl
disorder. After everybody but Uiia fulr
tet had quieted down the Speaker caUed a
page and sent this note to Mr. Rupperr
"If the jolly quartet will adjburn to th*
cloakroom and finish its discussion th*r«
I will furnish the cigars." tuai>lon tn ere
¦ The four, members silently filed out and
the Speaker sent them four fine cle-ir<r
Before they had finished .-smoking *SS
became interested in the debate waik^
back on the floor and began taHdne
again.- Then the Speaker sent Rupper^
another note, reading. "Agreement not be
ing kept."— Washington Star. UJ - aotoe .
LOWEB WORLD'S 1^^ RECORD .
, IN A FIVE-MILE . RACE
Bell and Stone Establish. New Motor-
cycle Mark on Sacramento
¦' Track. •" - ';;
SACRAMENTO, May 5.— At .the velo
drome races this afternoon Bell and Stone
on • Floyd -McFarland's new French motor
cycle lowered the: world's record "for -five
miles on an eight-lap track by making the.
distance in 7:23. The former, record was
7:40 2-5, made on. the Bame track by the
Turvllle brothers two weeks 'ago.' Prior
to that performance the record was 7:48...
Trie one-mile professional handicap .was
won by King (140 yards), Clem ;Turville
(150 yards) second, Lawsori. (50 yards)
third and Bell ¦> (80 yards) fourth. Time,
2:00 1-5: '•.•,• ¦ r -.' .; - .¦;¦•; 1 •- ' * . >r.i,:;--; . <
.The one-mile . amateur handicap was
won by Leitch, C. C. W. (85 yards) ; Ven
ter, O. P. W.(150 yards), second; Frank
lin, O.- P. W. (150 yards), third; ; Time,
2:11 1-5." •- . / ¦ ¦ : ' '¦¦-¦¦¦¦, ¦ -. •;• ;
•Pcsch, C. C. W.. .won the final of the
amateur "Australian pursuit race in four
miles; and one lap. -Time,- 10:12. ¦ • • -,-*,»?'
Writing tablets, papeteries and ream pa
pers. Prices all right. The latest tints
and shapes Just received. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ?
hit— Holland. Sacrifice hit— Schwartz. First
base on errors — Los Ang-eles 3. First base on
called balls— Los Angeles 1, San Francisco 3.
Lett on bases— Los Angeles 9, San Francisco
5. Struck out— By Whalen 3, by Jones 5. Hit
by pitcher— Bowman 2. Time' of game— 1:40.
Umpire — J. Scorer — Cashman.
Oakland Elks Win;
Coast Games.
OAKLAND, May 5.— Stockton Lodge No.
278 of Elks came to Oakland to-day to
play their annual game of baseball with
the Oakland lodge. The team from Stock
ton lodge came down in a special car,
with a large number of members of the
lodge, and were defeated by a score of 5 to
3 for their pains. In the evening the Oak
land lodge gave the Stockton lodge a re
ception at the local Jlodgerooms.
SACRAMENTO, May 5.— In the North
ern California League game In this city
this afternoon the Kimball and Upsons of
Sacramento defeated Marysville by a
score of 10 to 5. The feature of the game
was a lightning triple by Newbert, Ridley
and Pope.
HOLLISTER, May 5.— The baseball
game here to-day resulted: Hollister 7,
Koenlgs 5. Batteries— Mills and Lau
ritzen, Perrlne and Morrison.
PETALUMA, May 5.— A swift game of
baseball was played at the local grounds
this afternoon by the Geyserville team
and the locals. The visitors defeated the
home team by a score of 11 to 7. The base
bail teams of Geygerville, Santa Rosa,
Healdsburg and Petaluma will, hold a
tournament this summer for the ; cham
pionship of Sonoma County.
AiLL BEADY TO LAUNCH
LATEST CUP DEFENDER
Twenty Minutes Will Be Consumed
From the Slips to the
Water.
BRISTOL,,, R. I., May 5.-A11 arrange
ments have been made at the Herreshoff
yards for the launching of the. Constitu
tion to-morrow afternoon. The yacht is
in complete readiness. Butler Duncan
and his party will be admitted Into the
shop, but according to the present plans
tho Herreshoff plant will be closed to>
sightseers. The water is the 'only place
from which the launching will be visible,
and boats, launches and rafts are in read
iness. • , , . ¦ : ;. "
The Constitution will be lowered into
the -water slowly and gradually under
control of a windlass. From the time the
bottle of wine is broken on her bow until
she. is afloat probably twenty minutes will
elapse. In' that' intervar by means of
searchlights and flashlights the jealously
guarded secrets of her ¦ hull will be ob
served by a hundred eager eyes,. 'and
many a camera will record the graceful
hull on its wavto the water. -
Fifth. Regiment Snoot.
PETALUMA, May 5.— A champion shoot
on the new silhouette targets recently is
sued by the Fifth Regiment, N. G. C, was
held to-day by Company C. The scores
made were very satisfactory. They were
as follows: Captain Dickson 60. Corporal
Atkinson 59, Frank Norman 59, Jesse Nor
man 56, Jarvls 55, Agnew 54, Lieutenant
Lundholm 52, Sergeant O'Rourke 51, Edi
son 45, Corporal Mlllerick 42, Corporal
Wolf 41, Robinson 41, Bolz 40, Corporal
Jessen 39, Goodwin 39, Musician Mattel 38,
Lieutenant Kenneally 38, Towner 35, Rie
werts 35, Armstrong 34, McNally 33, Ser
geant Robertson 33, Tiessen 30, Silva 30
and Woodson 26. »
BRANNTGAlSr IS A
PHENOMENAL SHOT
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
held its regular shoot at Harbor View yes
terday. Pape led with the fine rifle and
A. J. Brannigan did some more phenome
nal revolver shooting:, beating the pistol
experts again. He beat the club record
for the best ten scores made during any
previous year with revolver. He expressed
his willingness to meet Tom Anderton of
Walnut Hill, Mass., when he comes to the
bundfest,- in a 100-shot revolver match.
Anderton is the acknowledged champion
of the United States. .
Scores— Off-hand shooting on Columbia
a RiflV, 200 yards— A. H. Pape-40, 43, 44,
47, 52, 52, 56; A. B. Dorrell— 48, 53, 55, 57,
64. 66, 69; G. M. Barley— 79;. F. L. Pape—
134, 190; Dr. Twist (carbine)— 215, 245, 247;
D. W. Lloyd (carbine)— 253.
Pistol, 50 yards— F. O. Young— 42, 45, 54;
E. Hovey— 43, 46. 47, 47, 48. 48; Dr. J. F.
Twist-48, 57, 57, 59, 64, 64; Mrs. C. F. Wal
tham—73, 98; Dr. Rottanzl— 84; E. A. Allen
—89, 93.
Revolver. 50 yards-^-A. J. Brannigan— S8,i
42, 44, 44, 46, 49; P. Becker— 51, 62, 63, 69;
F. O. .Young— 62.
Twenty-two rifle, 50 yards— E. Hovey— 25,
30; E. A. Allen-28, 29. 31, 35, 37; Dr. Twist
—31; Mrs. Waltham— 30.
Racing at Oakland.
A former California turfman, now In
England, writes that "Skeets" Martin has
been refused a license by the stewards.
It was the Intention of Martin, the writer
states, to go to Australia. ' " r: -> f :
Bookmaker Joe Rose and his crew will
leave for New York on "Wednesday of tho
present week.
On opening the safe of the San Francis
co Jockey Club the sum of J500 in coin
was found, which proved to be deposit
money furnished by the pool boys. It Is
now in possession of the new California
Jockey Club. ¦ '
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
2386 Irate '. 110 2386 Bonitary 107
2381 Phil Archlbald.122 2373 Gaylon Brown..ll2
2386 Kldred 110 2350 El Kara 119
(2386) Companion ....117 23S6 Matilda O ....117
2109 Parsifal 119 .... J. Richelieu Jr.119
(2332)B1U Young 119 (2350) Illilouon 113
¦Second Race— Mile and 50 yards; four-year
olds up: selling: ...
2392 Sylvan Lass ..106 (2388) Barney F 109
2374 Lost Girl Ill 2374 H. Thatcher... 113
(2383) Wallensteln ...114 2383 Loconomo Ill
2220 Formero 121 2325 Meadow Lark.. 108
2326 March Seven... 102
Third " Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
(2393)Phil Crlmmlns.113, 2389 Tyranus ..US
2393 Achilles 11SI 2377 Royalty 115
(2387)Tompion 1131 2389 Porous U8
<2339)St. Phlllppina.. 115 2389 Sol 115
2154 Montoya 115 1
Fourth Race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; selling:
2380 Arion 101 2381 Darlene 100
2394 Moonbright ....104 2176 Lief Prince 110
2378 Ada N ...r. 109 2316 Jim Hale ......101
2346 Cougar 105 2394 Invictua 102
2322 Fondo 102 (2398) Maresa 102
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
2402 Meehanus 106 2390 Dr. Cave .. iiij
2379 Alee 9» 1091 Dr. Nembula_ U'lOS
2383 HIndoonet 104 .... Mellocole ...;. 9»
2402 Doublet 105 (2335) Jennie 99
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up ; selling :
(23S4)Wyoming 10S 2366 Sir Hampton 110
• 2391 Imperious 108 2360 El Mldo . 109
(2395) Gauntlet U4 (2306)Allcia ior
2347 MacGyle 104 2397 Horton .. im
2378 Kickumbob ... 93 (2397)Goldone ... "no
.2384 Pat Morrissey.. 108 2335 Gotobed " '* 114
2391 The Buff oon. . .104 . ~
Probable Winners.
First Race—Irate, Bill Young," Illilouon.
Second Race—Formero, Lost Girl, Wallen
stein.
Third Race—Royalty, St. Phlllppina Phil
Crimmins.
Fourth Race-Ada N. Lief Prince, Moon-
Fifth Race—Jennie. Alee. Doublet.
Sixth Race—Wyoming, Horton. Goldone.
ing the festivities the fun did not lag for
a moment.
There were footraces, swimming con
tests, kangaroo! partnership, three-legged
and a dozen other different kinds of races,
that were participated in by the halt, the
blind, fat men, skinny men and others.
Judge Fritz captured the fat man's
race, and Herman Haydenfeldt, who
came in a close second, raised a
howl because the jurist lacked a
superfluity of flesh. He subsided when
threatened with a fine for contempt
of 'court. Al Coney and "Billy" O'Kane,
two athletes of the "old world," ran a
special fat man's race. Coney dashed
down the stretch with the speed of a man
running backward and crossed the wire
twenty lengths ahead of O'Kane, who was
rating behind. There were other races,
but their only features were the falls and
ripped trousers of the contestants.
Luncheon was served In the winery.
Barrels on each side of the hungry ath
letes and bottles on the table developed a
NEW TEAM WINS THE
DAVIS TENNIS CUPS
Dr. I/ane and Orville Pratt Will Have
Their Names Inscribed Upon
the Prize.
The twelfth handicap doubles tourna
ment for the Davis cups was won by a new
team yesterday — Dr. • Lane and • Orville
Pratt. The final match between the win
ners and Ray Cornell and Grant Smith
was the most stubborn contest of the day.
Only four teams participated/but the
tennis produced was the best seen at the
local courts for some time.- The first, and
what was thought to be the match of the
day, was between William" Collier and
Harold Crowell and Ray Cornell and
Grant Smith. Each team had won the
cups twice and the latter had beaten the
former in the last two tournaments, con
sequently the match attracted a. great
deal of attention. Collier and Crowell al
lowed their opponents odds of naif fifteen
and were beaten easily, the score being
6 — 2, 6 — i in favor of Smith and Cornell.
The latter would have won. had. the match
been, on even terms.
The next match was between R. N.
.Whitney and Chet Smith on one side, and
Dr. Lane and Pratt on the other. The for
mer-allowed their opponents odds of one
half thirty, which proved to be a very
fair handicap, as the- score shows. When
Whitney and Smith won the second set
6—1 it looked as if they would take the
last set easily, but after a desperate strug
gle Lane and Pratt won out, 9— 7. The
complete score in their* favor was 7—5,
1—6,- D— 7.
In the final match Lane and Pratt re
ceived odds of- half thirty from Cornell
and Smith and In this case also the han
dicap was - correct. • Lane and Pratt won
the first set -6 — 4 and in . the second set
¦were ahead most of the time, but the
scratch men played a fine up-hill game
and finally took the set 11—9. ,
In the lasts set Cornell and Smith took
the first two srames easily .and looked to
be sure winners, but their opponents took
a brace arid won the next/ five; games
straight. . ' •'* _ '
1 Xhe final score In favor of Dr. Lane and
Pratt was 6-^4, SHll, 6—4. , .
thirst that was only satiated by copious
libations. Chicken and pie disappeared
with even greater rapidity than the wine.
Five long tables were necessary to seat
the members and their guests. Flowers
and greens added a charm to their ap
pearance, and the crowd that sat at the
banquet board was as happy a "bunch"
of athletes as ever graced a table. After
luncheon the members quieted down for a
short period and listened to throat exer
cises by Ossie Franks, Signor Abramoff,
"Kid" Nelson and Frank /Thompson, Ed
Sager, Eddie Angelo and Walter Howe,
composing the Aenid Quartet. They were
all compelled -to • respond to hearty en
cores. Thompson told some funny ones,
"Bobby" Mitchell narrated some bird
stories and Jimmy Welch gave some Ital
ian impersonations. Maurice Kramer was
master at the keys, and a string band
"discoursed" its share of harmony, and
not a kick was launched.
Credit is due George James, the club s
captain, for the success of the outing. It
was at his suggestion that it was held.
Messrs. Coffroth, Cunningham and Mitch
ell were indefatigable in their efforts and
deserve commendation.
The races resulted as follows:
Sack race— Won by Lanlgan, Conley second.
Three-legged race — Won by Abadie and Bur
gess, Pape and Irwin second.
Visitors' race— Won by McGlll. McEntyre
second. :
Partnership race— Won I by Conley and Cor
nell, Sherry and Milwood second.
Special race for fat men — Won by Al Coney,
"Billy" O'Kane second.
Swimming race — Won by Gray, Taylor sec
ond. Leary disqualified for starting before
signal. >•
Kangaroo race— Won by Dobey, Abadle sec
ond.
Fat man's race — "Won by Judge A. J. Fritz,
Herman Haydenfeldt second, v ¦ • •
Egg and spoon race — Won by Pape, Newman
second. - '. - -: ,
Special race, 100-yard dash for jnedal— Won
by Abadie, Burgess second.
Partnership race, backward— Won by Aba
dle and Burgess, Rodgers and Kooser second."
75-yard race — Won by Conley, Fahrbach sec
ond. ' .
CARRIER'S JESSIE E
WINS CHALLENGE RACE
Eeats the New Yacht Alert by Nearly
Six Minutes Over Twelve
¦ . Mile Course.
The California Yacht Club's challenge
race yesterday was won by J. T. Carrier's
sloop Jessie E by five minutes forty-five
seconds. The course was from the south
erly pier head of the narrow gauge mole
to and around Presidio shoal buoy and
back to the starting point. There were
five contestants, the new sloop Alert,
owned by T. Kendall, Robert Vincent and
F. V. Green; the •sloop Pactolus. owned
by ex-Commodore A. M. Clay; the sloop
Jessie E, owned by J. T. Carrier; the yawl
Gypsie, owned by Vice Commodore C. E.
Clark, and George Miller's sloop Occident.
Commodore S. S. Marshall's sloop Thelma
was prevented fronventering the race ow
ing to the damage suffered from a colli
sion with the steamer Transit on Satur
day night.
A preparatory gun was fired at 1 p. m.
and the starting gun ten minutes later,
the start being a one-gun start. George
Miller's sloop Occident crossed the line
first, followed closely by' the sloop Jessie
E, the yawl Gypsie and the sloops Alert
and Pactolus. For a time the boats kept
close together, until the Pactolus stood
over toward the city front to get the ben
efit of the beginning of the ebb tide. The
breeze was moderate at the outset, -but
freshened, considerably in the. channel,
where the Jessie E went to the front,
rounding the buoy three minutes and thir
ty seconds ahead of the sloop Alert. The
other yachts, being top far astern to beat
the two leaders, did not round the mark.
On the run home the greater stze of the
Alert enabled her to overhaul and pass
her rival, Jessie E, and she crossed the
finishing line at 3:27:46.- The Jessie E
crossed nearly three . minutes ' later, at
3:30:37. The elapsed time of the Alert was
2 hours 17 minutes and 46 seconds, and, as
she was the largest boat in the race, her
corrected time was the same. The elapsed
time of the Jessie E was 2 hours 20 min
utes 37 seconds, but her time allowance of
8 minutes 36 seconds made her corrected
time 2 hours 12 minutes and 1 second, thus
bringing her in a winner by a margin 'of
5 minutes and 45 seconds. The early part
of the race ' was on a flood tide and the
latter part on. an ebb. . -..
The committee in charge of the race
consisted of A. R. F. Brandes, N. L.
Meads and R. R. THommedieu in the
place of Eugene Flanders.
OLYMPIC CLUB MEN AT THEIR ANNUAL OUTING, AS A CARTOONIST OF THE CALL FOUND THEM AF
TER THE FIRST COURSES OF AN OPEN AIR LUNCH HAD BEEN SERVED AND^ WHEN MERRIMENT
REIGNED SUPREME. ..
Vereln Eintmcht schuetzen section held a
medal and bullseye shoot, which resulted:
Champion class— R. Stettin. 406. First class^—
A. G. Stroh, 349. Second class— O. Thiele, 310.
Third class— L. Schieb. 237. First best shot—
C. von Hartwig. 24. Last best shot— E. R.
Renneuschneider, 23.
Scores at Schuetzen Park.
SAN RAFAEL, May 5.— There was live
ly shooting over the ranges at Schuetzen
Park to-day.
The following scores were made by the
California Schhuetzen Club members:
Medal shoot: First champion class— D. B.
Faktor, 218, 215. Second champion class— O.
Bremer, 215. 213: C. Meyer. 215. 2C6: A. Rah
wyler. 210. 203; Captain F. A. Kuhls. 201. 191;
WZ Ehrenpfort, 191, 1S4; T. J. Carroll, 193. 1S1:
O. Burmeister, 1S6. 166. First class— A. Utschlff,
182. 1S2; J. Bachmann. 173. Second class — G.
Ahrens 216, 215; R. Stettin, 206. 202: G. Tam
meyer. 193 1S3: J. Kuhlmann. 203. 201; A.
Hampel. 1M. 186; A. Jungblut. 1S6: A. von
Wyl. 191. 191: II. Stettin. 134. 125; F. D. Smith.
161. 132: L. C. Babin. 176. 145: L. Reubold. 190.
190. Third class— J. C. "Waller. 214. 14t: R.
Langer. 199. 163: Charles Sagehorn. 1*4, 144; I*
Rltzau 194, 190; M. Reubold, 133. 130: H.
Kuhls. 166, 154; G. Rlschmuler. 191. 177; F. C.
Hagerup. 134, 129; O. Ohrtland. 166. lfio; F.
Relde. 172. 133; L. Thlerbach, . 1SS. 160. Fourth
class— Dr. M. H. Atkins. ISO. 158; G. r>ahl
bender, 182, 163; L. Meyerhofer. 152. 99; G.
Rischmnler. 181. 140; M. F. Harter. 172. 120; J.
R. Roche, 43. 13; J. "VV. Stuhr, ,44. Cadets—
Frank Carroll. 193. 1S7; H. BeAer. 1S6. 118;
R_ Meyerhofer, 87. 54..
Jockey Sec Nichols, -who was warned off
the Oakland track two years ago. has
been dipping hl3 hands m* the filth on th»
Hawaiian tracks, according to the Hono
lulu Advertiser of April 25.
In a race at Honolulu between Virgle A
and Aggravation some few weeks ago
the former, with Nichols up, won without
any work. It was the general opinfon
that Oplopio. who had the mount on Ag
gravation, had sold out to Nlehqls.
A second race was arranged and it was
in connection with this that Nichols
played his game. "Soldier" O'Donnell.
the Camp McKinley plunger, who played
Vlrgie A heavily, was persuaded by
Nichols that the horse won on Its merits,
so he backed the horse again and heavily
at that. The second time Virgie A was
beaten and in such a manner as to leave
no doubt as to the kind of a ride Nicholas
gave her. Nichols was after O'Donnell's
money. He jrot it. Nichols left Hono
lulu on the Sierra.
JOCKEY NICHOLS JOBS
HAWAIIAN PLUNGERS
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. May 5.-Scott was hit fre^y
throughout the afternoon's game and" also
fielded hia position miserably, while SeJver al
lowed Cleveland but three hits in the first
seven Innings. In the eighth doubles by Tea
ger and Scott and singles by Pickering and
MacArthy gave Cleveland their only runs. Tho
fielding of. Barrett and Pickering was a fea
ture. Score:
Club»— ' ' R. H. E.
Detroit ia 13 0
Cleveland 3 9 J
Batte"ries— Slever and Buelow; Scott and
Teager. .
MILWAUKEE. May 5.— The home team fell
on Patterson to-day to the extent of twenty
flve hits with a total of thirty-sbc bases.
Hunting was wild and was replaced by Reidy
in the fourth, who pitched good ball allow
ing but few hits. Griffith was ordered oft the
jrrounds by Umpire Connelly for disputing the
latter" s. decisions. Score:
-.Cl" 0 *"" R. H. E.
Milwaukee 21 23 1
Chicago 7 3 '• t
Batteries— Hunting. Reidy and Connor: Pat
terson and Sullivan.
CHICAGO, May 5.— 'Wadden pitched a fairly
good game against his old clubmates to-day,
but lost through ragged support and Pitts
burg's daring base running. He save.! hta
team from a shutout with a long three-bagger
in the ninth. Attendance, 11,000. Score:
Club*- R. H. E.
Chicago J 9 3
Pittsburg , 4 -w*:. t
Batteries— "Waddell and Chance; Wiltsee and
Zlmmer. Umpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, May 5.— To-day's game between
the Cincinnati and St. Louis teams was playe<1
at Athletic Park. The grounds were very
rough and the enclosure entirely too small to
accommodate the btg crowd of spectators who
swarmed on the field, making ground rules
necessary. "Noodles" Hahn was in great
form and held the locals safe at all stages
The Clncinnatls were fortunate in landing
flies on the field which would have been eaay
outs on the regular diamond. Attendance.
6000. Score:
Clubs- * R. H. E.
St. Louis 5 12 1
Cincinnati.. '...; .7 jo 4
Batteries— Breltensteln and Nichols; Hahn
and Peitz. i;mpire — Dwyer.
NATIOXAr. LEAGXJK.
Flycasting at Stow Lake.
The following table shows the results of
the flycasting at Stow Lake yesterday:
Members of the Local Athletic Institution Enjoy Outing at Escalles*
Hours Whiled Away in Song, Story and a Toast or Two*
ALEC PAPE and Frank O'Karie, g
members -of the Olympic Club,,
committed a breach of amateur
etiquette at the annual outing of
the Olympic • Club yesterday at"
Escalles. They brought down a. storm of
disapproval • on their . devoted 'heads by s
bunkoing their opponents in the egg and
spoon race. This exciting event was run
in two heats owing to the number of
starters. Pape has been using the spoons
on the water nnd. was. familiar with the
game. O'Kane, on the other hand, was
familiar with the table article through
usage, and, combined with his knowledge
of foot racing, was in a fair way to win
the race. Pape stuck his egg to the spoon
with a hunk of chewing gum and won*his
heat. O'Kane was so hungry that he swal
lowed his egg before the finish. The Ama
teur Athletic Association may hold a spe
cial investigation and disbar both ath
letes. ...
It was an ideal day for an, outing, and"
more than 400 members of the club en- ,
joyed it. The committee, which was com
posed of George James, James Coffroth,
Johnny Cunningham and "Bob" Mitchell,
made things move with a dash, and dur-
SENATORS WIN
SABBATH HONORS
Capture Both Games
From Ewing's Brum
mel Forces.
Bohemians Wreck Oakland's
' Chances at Recreation
Grounds.
Sacramento 4, Oakland 1.
Prosperity wrought the undoing of the
unhappy Dudes yesterday morning and
afternoon. Some miles removed from the
whirl of things-pon the Oakland grounds—
the Senators read Cal Ewing a lesson for
showing the brazen spirit. This happened
during church hours. Then the Oakland
and the Sacramento teams came back to
the place where the wind blows and the
fegs prevail. Defeat number two in a
single day was registered against Ewing
oii the Recreation Grounds, and that
meant the odd game of the series for the
Statesmen.
Ewing, who is as prolific of excuses as
was Solomon of proverbs, charges the af
ternoon defeat to the presence of the Bohe
mian Club men in their own private, spe
cial and unlabeled box. A small but fanat
ical coterie filled the six allotted chairs.
Five of them thought they knew the
baseball of the present. The sixth admit
ted his ignorance by recalling the old days
when Bob Woodward was the star pitcher
of the Pacific Union Club, and recited
"o'er again" that historic game in which
the Pacifies scored 83 runs to 12 for the
Bohemians. After that the air was filled
with offers of bottle bets, but without a
taking. Ewing holds it as inviolable law
that when any one offers a bet on his
team and the second party sinks into in
significance it is a sure thing that he will
lose.
And he lost. Nine full innings they
played, and in all that time and after all
that diamond scraping work the sweet
scented Dudes hit Stricklett for just two
blushing hits. One of them came in the
third inning from Francks' stick, which,
combined with an error, sent that isolated
swatter over the rubber. Then Oakland
rested, quietly, gently and stoically, until
the nine of them were told that the game
was over and that they could go home.
In the seventn inning the Senators cast
off the toga and assumed the dress of
war. They formed a catapultic company
and bombarded Moskiman for four hits,
which resulted in three runs. Even the
old-world Bohemian realized at this point
of the game that the day was done, so he
•went home to think of the bottles he
might have lost. The score:
SACRAMEXTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, cf 5 110 2 0 0
Devereaux, ss 4 0 0 0 4 3 1
Oourtney. 2b 4 12 12 3 1
McLaughlin, If 4 2 3 1 3 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 0 1 0 11 2 0
Doyle, rf 4 0 2 13 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 10 0 0 0
Sheehan, Sb 4 0 10 13 0
Strieklett, p 4 0 0 0 111
Totals 36 4' 11 3 27 12 3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Prennan, cf 3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Francks, ss 3 1 l 115 1
Arrellanes, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
etreib, lb 4 0 0 0 13 0 0
Dunleavy. If 4 0 0 0 12 0
Moore, Cb 4 0 0 0 1 2 0
Moskiman. p «S 0 0 0 2 4 0
Lehman, c...... 3 0- 1 • 0 .3 1 0
Held. rt........ . "2 0 0 0. .0, 0.0
Totals SO 1 2 1 27 18 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacrattf.nto 0 0 0 10 0 3 0 0—4
-Base hits 1 10 2 114 1 0—11
Oakland 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits 0 01010000—2
SUMMARY.
" Runs responsible for— Moskiman 4. Sacrifice
hit — Held. First base on errors — Sacramento
]. Oakland 3. First base on called balls — Sac
ramento 3, Oakland 2. Left on bases — Sacra
mento 8, Oakland 5. Struck out— By Moski
nsan ' 1. Hit by pitcher— Devereaux. Double
plays— Sheehan to . Courtney to Hanlon. Time
of tame- 1:50. Umpire— Donohue. Official
scorer— McFarlin.
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 9, Oakland 5.
.Held of the Dudes' brigade was tried on
the Oakland grounds yesterday morning.
He . occupied the slab and was soon re
tired as a dead one, or at the best one liv
ing In extremis. After giving free trans
portation to two Senators he balked like
an unruly horse. Then the base advance
game went on, and Held went out, to be
replaced by Babbitt.
Eight innings tvere played and then the
game was called on account of time. In
the seventh Sacramento fell upon Babbitt
for many and diverse hits of all kinds of
caliber. In the eighth inning Oakland re
covered consciousness, and with a couple
of hits and attendant Senatorial errors
scored three. The feature of the game
•was Devereaux' b home run hit over the
left field fence. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, c. f 3 2 2 0 7 0 0
Devereaux. s. b 4 2 12 3 0 1
Courtney. Sb 3 110410
McLauKhlin. I. f 4 0 2 10 0 0
Hanlon, lb 5 12 0 6 0 1
Doyle, p 8 0 0 0 0 10
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0-3 1 0
Fheehan, 3b.... 4 2 110 3 0
Croll. r. t 3 10 0 10 0
Total* 33 9 9 4 24 6 ~2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. c t 3 0 10 3 10
Francks, b. s 3 10 0 12 2
Arrellanea. 2b 4 1 1 0 2 4 0
Streib, lb 3 0' 1 0 6 0 0
Dunleavy. 1- f.-.:.... 4 0 0 1 0 0
Moore, Sb 4 0 0 0 12 1
Meskiman, r. f S 0 0 0 2 0 1
Lofaman. c 2 2 1 0-6 1 0
Babbitt, p...: 2 1 0 0 2 0 0
Held, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
"Totals 28 5 4 0 24 10 4
RUNS AND HITS BY-INNIXGS.
Sacramento 2 10 112 2 0—9
Base hits 0 1 0. 0 1 2 5 0—9
Oakland ¦ , ..»,. 0 0 0' 0 0 1 1 3—5
Base-hits . 0 0 0 0 0 12 1—4
. SUMMARY.
Run* responsible for— Doyle 2, Babbitt 4.
Home run — Devereaux. Two-base hits — Hanlon
McGucken. Drenn&n. Streib. Sacrifice hit—
McGucken. First base on errors — Sacramento
4. Oakland 2. First base on called balls—Sacra
mento 8, Oakland 4. Left on bases— Sacramento
11. Oakland 4. Struck out— By Doyle 2, by Bab
bitt 3. Hit by pitcher— McLaughlin. Doyle.
Double play— Franc ks to Arrellahes to Streib.
Balk— Held. Wild pitches— Babbitt. Doyle.
Time or game— 2:00.- Umpire— J. rjonahue.
Official scorer— H. S. McFarlin.
Locals Win Again.
LOS ANGELES, May 5.— Inability to hit
"Whalen gave the Wasps another victory.
Jones -was hit only in two innings,; but
they came in large bunches. Score:.
LOS ANGELES. ' .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
r*rlzeno, lb 5 o 0 0-2-2 0
Kelly, s. s 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
} louseholder, cf 4 0 0 0 G 0 0
Kpfc-s. c. • 4 0 1 0 5, " 2 0
('.. HelHy. 3b 3 0 0 0 1 3 0
Johnson. 1b 4 0 1 0 9 1 o
Swindells, rf. 4 0 1 o 2 0 1 i
ISownun, If. 2 0 1 12 0 0
Jones, p. 4 0 0 0 l 0,0
Totals' ........34 0 4 1 27 ID 1
8AN FRANCISCO.
AB. P.. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildcbrand, cf. 6 1 2 0 3 0' l
Kchwartz, 2b .3 0 1 0 2 3 1
Krug. s. e'. 4 0 1 0 2 2 1
Holland. If. 4 12 0 0 0 0
I'abst. lb. ....... 3 0 1 1 IS 1 0
Graham, c " 4 0 * 1 ' 0 ' 3 0 0
NorcJyke/rf. ..'. 3 ¦ 1" 0 0 0 0 1
J. Rrniy. 2b 3 10 0 3 10
Whalen. p .....4 1 1 0 110
Totals ... ..-.:.. ..S3 59 1 27 8 4
RUXS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Lcs Anpeles. ......." 0 0 0 0.0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hitt 0 01000210-4
San Francisco '. 0 4 '0 0 10 0 0 0—5
Base hits ......... 0 6 0 0 3 0 0 0 0—9
, : - • 'if SUMMARY.
Earned runs — San Francisco 3. Two-base
Last Sunday, \ despite the disagreeable
weather, there was a large attendance of
trap-shooters at Ingleside and the great
est enthusiasm was displayed: but yes
terday, "with conditions ideal for the sport,
comparatively few shooters put in an ap
pearance. In compensation for the de
ficiency'in attendance some very. clever
shooting , was done both at the live birds
and at the inanimate targets.
The occasion was the third shoot of the
season for the California Wing Gun Club
and the Union Gun Club held forth at
the bluerock traps. At the live-bird shoot
O. Feudner, J. V. . Coleman, Halght and
Fay secured clean scores, while A. M.
Shields, Stelling and Williamson each al
lowed a single bird to wing its flight be
yond the bounds.
O. Feudner also distinguished himself
at the bluerock traps by smashing twen
ty-five without a miss. In the ability han
dicap, in which the members of the Union
Gun Club were handicapped according to
their relative ability, Justins, Walpert,
Stultz and Kerrison tied for first. During
the above shoot Stultz accomplished
twenty-three straight kills.
The scores which the California "Wing
Gun Club made at the live-bird traps were
as follows: v'j 7
Slade 10101012121111 •— 11
Walsh 1110122122111 r«— 13
Shaw 2102*022212222 2—12
1 Williamson 22222222222023 2—11
Hoffman 210 *J> 22100122 • 0— $
Roos, back score. . 12222*22222V10 2—12
Justins 222220010 12 020 1—10
Neustadter 011211121110*1 1—10
O. Feudner 12222222-221222 2—13
Stelling 21110211221222 1—14
Halght 11222211122112 2—15
Donohoe 11212210012111 1—13
D. McConnell 20221001220210*— 9
Shields 22122222202111 2—14
Fay 11221221111211 1—13
J. V. Coleman 12222221221112 1—15
Roos 01022222021012 2—11
First pool shoot, high guns dividing purse*
Scores:
Shaw 0 2 1 2 2 2 • 2— «
Neustadter 1 1 .2 1 • 0 wtdrn
Donohoe 0 2 1 110 1 2—6
Fay 0 withdrawn
Walsh 11112 2 1 1—8
Dreyfus 10 0 10 11 1—5
O. Feudner 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2—8
Haight 2 2 1 2 1 10 2—7
Jones 0 1 1 '2 1 0 0 1—5
Second pool .shoot, hU;h guns dividing pool.
Scores:
Shaw .1 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2—8
Walsh . 1 111112 1—8
O. Feudner..?... • 2 2 1 2 2 1 2—7
Halght 2 2 112 2 1 2— S
Donohoe 2 1 2.0 1 2 1 •— 7
Neustadter 1 111111 2—8
Dreyfus • 2 0 • 1 2 1 1-^5
Lane ••02221 1—5
Nauman 10 10 12 wtdrn
Third pool shoot, high guns dividing pool.
Scores: - -
Donohoe 0 110 2 1'* 0—4
O. Feudner ,'.......„.. 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2—8
Walsh ..........1 2 112 1111—8
Neustadter * withdrawn
Shaw ;.. 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2—3
Iverson 2 1 0 0 • 1 wtdrrf
Gauerholtz .....' 1 0 0*11 wtdrn
Roos .". 2 2 2 0 2 0 0-1—5
Haight 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1— S
•Bird dead out of bounds.
For first class medal, scores: Debenham,
Fisher, Von Soarston, Pisani, Burnell, Lewis
and F. Feudner.
Club shoot. 25 birds, club offering: $3, to be
divided 40. 30 and 20 per cent; 20 breaks and
over constituting first class: 16 to 19, inclusive,
second class; 12 to 15, inclusive, fourth class;
below 12, fourth class.
Scores: Sixteen-yard rise— Mitchell 13. Deben
ham 23, Hoyt 12. Fourteen-yard .rise — Dries
ham 19. Eighteen-yard rise — F. Feudner 19.
Lewis 7. Fourteen-yard rise — Masterson 9,
Nick 13. " Sixteen-yard rise— Iverson 18, King
18, Jansen 10. "Walpert 16. Herring 14, Jones 15,
Gordon IS, Wallom 16, BonnaF 17, Fisher 15,
Bunnell 17. Snipper 13, Mlchelson 13, Tapp 9.
Debenham, " with a score of 23, was awarded
first money, while F. Feudner. Flickinger and
Walpert tied for second place. Jones, Fisher,
Pisant and Mlchelson tied for third prize.
Union Experts Scatter the
. . Bluerocks Over the
Ground.
"California Wing Gun
Club Holds Its Third
SHOOT PIGEONS
AT INGLESIDE
The attendance was light at Shell Mound
ranges yesterday, but the afternoon was
enlivened by a contest between four of tho
leading marksmen of this section cf the
country who" are expected to win honors
in the coming International shooting fes
tival.
The teams were composed of F. E. Ma
son and A. Gehret on one side and F. P.
Schuster and C. M. Henderson on the
other. Each contestant was allowed 100
shots. Mason surpassed the coast record
with a score of 2239 and Gehret made
2061; total. 4300. Schuster made 2200 and
Henderson 2009: total. 4308. The scores
of the other organizations were a3 fol
lows: .. . V.i- "J
Company D. First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Lieutenant
B. Whitlow 18, O. Falea 29. T. Nodder 20. M.
Letz 11. T. Randall 2. A. Varney «, P. Dill 13.
W. Anthers U. L. Hints 8.
Deutscher Krlesrer Verein^ «*nonthly medal
shoot— First champion class, George Hetzel. 415:
second champion class, O. Dammer, 403; first
class, John Bender. 333: second class. X. Sllber
zahn, 321; third class, Charles Meyer, 306; fourth
class John Lankers, 303: best first shot. John
Lankers. 23: best last shot. X. Sllberzahn. 24;
most centers. Captain A. Franke.
Deutscher Kriesrer Vereln, monthly bullseye—
First, Charles Hetzel; second, John Lankers;
third C. Weggenmann; fourth, F. Kaiser; fifth,
X. Sllberzahn; sixth. O. Dammer.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot— C
Schmidt 12. H. Kuhlke 37. H. Felix 26. C. Grans
38. D. Steffens 29. C. Iverson 17. H. Gaetjen Jr.
34, P. Shonig 42, C. H. Hornbeck 38, G. Kellen
berger 32, F. J. Skoran 19.
Marksmen Prepare for the
Bund Festival in
July.
F. E. Mason, Does. Some
Remarkable Shooting
at Shell Mound.
RIFLE RECORD
IS SHATTERED
OLYMPIC CLUB MEN MAKE MERRY
UNDER THE GREENWOOD TREE
Palo Alto, Eugeno Geary's champion
greyhound, demonstrated to a large crowd
of enthusiasts yesterday that he was a
courser of unexcelled merit, and to those
who have watched his wonderful career
the fast dog showed that even among tho
best of them he Is in a class by himself.
The deciding course of the big 128-dog
stake at Union Park found Palo Alto and
Sisquoc left to contend for final honors.
These top-notchers met In the last course
of the champion event of two weeks ago
and, as in the last stake, both had an
even amount of work. Sisquoc was beat
en pointless after having displayed great
qualities in the previous rounds.
In yesterday's event the Petaluma
hound refused Luxq> at' point in his first
course. Little Sister was his next victim,
Ireland and Fiery Face following, both
being beaten pointless. In the semi-final
Sisquoc in a close course got the flag from
Harlean Gladys.
A good play was on the final with Palo
Alto a 2 to 1 favorite. Jim Grace had
done great work throughout the stake
and the slip for the final was a perfect
one.
Lake a double team on the speed track
the dogs shot up the field, not an inch dif
ference between them, until nearing tha
turn Geary's dog went out for the lead.
When the flag went up the black and
white champion had added another stake
to his long list.
Harlean Gladys was a factor in the go
ing and came near to being a contestor
in the final. Not a point was scored
against her until the runner up beat her
out a point. Master Rocket got as far aa
the semi-final by clever work. Twice he
landed on the short end, against Wedge
wood at 6 tol, the surprise of the day, and
at 5 to 2 against Rural Artist. Sir Pasha,
too, seemed imbued with his old-time
stake-winning spirit and reached a good
position. Fiery Faco and Greenhall also
performed well.
The sapling stakes resulted in a double
victory for P. Horgan's Wild Tralee-Just
Eclipsed litter.
In the second Tame Tralee beat Miss
Pye, a 2 to 5 favorite. The victory was
a pleasant one to Tim Cronin, owner of
Wild Tralee, the sire of the winning
youngsters.' ' The saplings promise to
show up well in the future, if they are
allowed a long rest.
Other short ends: Tyrone Prince beat
Mose, Fiery Face beat Hot Haste at 3 to
1, Liberator beat Roman Athlete at 5 to 1,
Jingle Bells beat Roman Athlete at 5 to 2,
Harlean Gladys beat Sir Pasha at 5 to 3.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Graced ofllclal scores:
Open stake, seconC round — ChiarinI Bros.'
Santonin beat C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud,
4-0; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson beat R. E. de B.
Lopez's Kager, 4-2; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat
Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire, 4-2;. G. Walters'
The Chief beat D. Toland's Twilight Jr., 4-2;
P. J. Reilly's Warship beat Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory, 3-1; E. Geary's Palo Alto beat P.
M. Curtis' McKinley, 5-3; P. J. Reilly's Royal
Union beat H. A. Deckelman's Rocker. 2-1:
Geonre Sharman's St. Ives beat P. Doyle's
Thelraa, 6-1; H. A. Deckelman's Master Rocket
beat James Sheridan's Forest King, 3-1; F.
Jones' Wedsewood a bye; Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist beat T. J. .Cronin's Vandal, 6-1;
D. J. Healey's Fine Form beat Pasha Kennels'
Belli Rocket, 4-2; J. P. Thrifts's Tyrone Prince
beat Yosemite Kennels' Mose, 5-3: F. A. Mc-
Comb's Firm Fellow beat P. J. Reilly's The
Grafter, 5-3: P. Doyle's Liberator beat Gold
Dust Kennels' Forget, 4-2; Sterl & Knowles'
OHta a bye; F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat
Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus. 8-0; E. Geary's
America beat D. J. Healey's Maggie N. 3-2;
P. Jackson's Honor Brig-tit beat J. Smith's
Boney-Boy. 6-2; D. J. Healey's Tapioca beat
George Sharman's Black Flush, 5-0; J. Dowl
ing'sSlr Lawrence beat Russell & Allen's
First Foot, 5-0; Star Kennels' Game Boy beat
A. Vanderwhtte's Flora McDonald, 6-1; F.
Jones' Harlean Gladys beat F. C. Glasson's
Dewdrop. 5-0; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete,- 2-0;' J. J.
Kentiy's Hot Haste beat P. M. Curtis' Anchor,
3-1; Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face beat W. J.
Leonard's Tom Hurlick, 4-0; D. Reardon's
Mollie R beat P. M. Curtis' Fashion Plate. 5-2;
J. Cane's Greenhall beat T. J. Cronin's Thorn
hill, 4-0; V). J. Healey's Risquoc beat A. R.
Curtis' Luxor, 4-0; F. A. McComb'.a Little Sis
ter beat Oonnell Bros." St. Helen, 9-2: F. A.
McComb's Bona Fide beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Article. 5-2; E. Geary's Ireland beat
George Sharman's Chicago Boy, 5-0.
Third round — Santonin beat Miss Wilson, 5-0;
Homer Boy beat The Chief, 5-0: Palo Alto
beat 'Warship, 4-2; Royal Union beat St. Ives,
4-0; Master Rocket -beat Wedgewood, 3-0; Ru
ral Artist beat Fine Form, 4-0: Firm Fellow
beat Tyrone Prince, .16-13; Liberator beat OHta,
11-9; Sir Pasha beat America, 6-0; Honor
Bright beat Tapioca, 4-0; Game Boy beat Sir
Lawrence, 5-0; Harlean Gladys beat • Jingrle
Bells, 5-0; Fiery Face beat Hot Haste, 3-0;
Greenhall beat Mollie R, 6-1; Sisquoc beat Lit
tle Sister, 5-2; Ireland beat Bona Fide, 3-2.
Fourth round— Santonin beat Homer Boy,
6-1; Palo Alto beat Royal Union, 3-2: Master
Rocket beat Rural Artist, 4-2; Liberator beat
Firm Fellow. 21-17; Sir Pasha beat Honor
Bright, 4-0; Harlean Gladys beat Game Boy,
4-0; Fiery Face beat Greenhall, 5-0; Sisquoc
beat Ireland, 5-0.
Fifth round— Palo Alto beat Santonin, 4-2;
Master Rocket beat Liberator, 8-6: Harlean
Gladys beat Sir Pasha, 4-0; Sisquoc beat Fiery
Face, 4-0.
Sixth round— Palo Alto beat Master Rocket,
4-0; Siscuoc beat Harlean Gladys, 4-3. -
Deciding course— Palo Alto beat Sisquoc, 5-2.
First Baclingr stake, deciding course— Wild
Eclipse beat Peerless, 16-1.
Second sapling stake, deciding course — Tame
Tralee beat Miss Pye, 2S-9.
Geary's Dog Repeats Former
Victory Over Healey's
Greyhound.
Champion Coursers Meet
in Another Stake
Final. f
PALO ALTO AGAIN
DEFEATS SISQUOG
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAT 6, 19O1.
SUNDAY SPORT ON FIELD, DIAMOND AND SHOOTING RANGE
4
EASTERN BASEBALL.
CX>NTESTAMT.
m C
¦ r* ' **
• <^
• * i . » . ._
: • 3
Event No. 3.
Delicacy.
> a 2:
n S "»a ¦ v
- £ ?» Oil n
. * r* "
1 ¦ } "
Smyth' 88 94 53 4 I g« 3
J. Klerulff 66 74.3 70 734 7s";
Huyck 96 90 S3 87.8 77.9
HatKht 80 88.3 92.4 89.2 80.9
B- Kennlff 93 94.4 87 73.10 81.5
duller -. 9a 94 88.8 82.6 85.7
Mansfield 95.4 85 81.8 S3 4
R. Kennlff 83 88.4 91 67 8 79 3
Mocker 90 75.4 91.8 73.4 85
Young 93 92.8 94 82 6 <« J
T. Kierulff 73 83 75.4 742 74 S
Brooks SS 8S.8 82.8 69 4 7S
Brotherton , 110 93.8 90.8 73i2 S4.lt
E7 e -rett ng 93>4 91 4 „, 5 | g „
Dlnkelspiel , 84 82 86 69 2 77 7
Oolcher 119 88.4 91 792 S51
Foulk3 :. 90 89.4 85 742 737
Grant 115 85.4
Vogelsang .: 99 .... .... ,
CX>NTESTAMT.
m C
¦ r* ' **
• <^
• * i . » . ._
: • 3
Event No. 3.
Delicacy.
> a 2:
n S "»a ¦ v
- £ ?» Oil n
. * r* "
1 ¦ } "
Smyth' 88 94 53 4 I g« 3
J. Klerulff 66 74.3 70 734 7s";
Huyck 96 90 S3 87.8 77.9
HatKht 80 88.3 92.4 89.2 80.9
B- Kennlff 93 94.4 87 73.10 81.5
duller -. 9a 94 88.8 82.6 85.7
Mansfield 95.4 85 81.8 S3 4
R. Kennlff 83 88.4 91 67 8 79 3
Mocker 90 75.4 91.8 73.4 85
Young 93 92.8 94 82 6 <« J
T. Kierulff 73 83 75.4 742 74 S
Brooks SS 8S.8 82.8 69 4 7S
Brotherton , 110 93.8 90.8 73i2 S4.lt
E7 e -rett ng 93>4 91 4 „, 5 | g „
Dlnkelspiel , 84 82 86 69 2 77 7
Oolcher 119 88.4 91 792 S51
Foulk3 :. 90 89.4 85 742 737
Grant 115 85.4
Vogelsang .: 99 .... .... ,PROMINENT EAGLES WHO HAVE BEEN INTRUSTED WITH THE
WORK OF PROVIDING ENTERTAINMENT FOR 3000 MEMBERS OF
THE ORDER WHO ARE EXPECTED HERE NEXT WEEK.
V" Good wallpaper ,can be ..bought cheap" at-
G.' W. Clark '& Co!'s, C53 Market street. •
¦• ..... :...¦¦.-.-¦ ,_v, ¦ .;¦ ..- : . ;.-¦- -.-• .•.;.;.; - .;'• V
¦ LAKEPORT,' May.' 5.— Dr.- J. S.' Dowiies !
was buried this afternoon. .He was ! a'pi
oneer, of California,': having come to .Sac
ramento ,' in : 1849; and 'to ¦<¦ Lake County in
1856.' He , was one of.' the. most prominent:
physiclansin this locality.- :•. ' i.>.;; ; --. < ?!
¦.--•¦¦-.¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦"..:,,..•: .... ¦
Lake .County ; Pioneer; Buried.
It is a pleasure to visit our leather goods i
department and see ; the: outlay of .good!
values. Trunks, valises,', pocketbooks, i
traveling rolls^ cameras, I little gold' ciocks
and toilet articles, r All fine leather, poods
lettered iin gold without charge,^"anborn.
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ¦ I ,:¦ V: ••>'
Travelers' Delight.
CHICAGO. May 5.— The Chlcaso Home
opathic Medical College has determined
to admit women on an equal footing with
men. Heretofore this has been the onlv
homeopathic college in Chicago and the
West to exclude women.
College Now Open to Women.
LONDON, May C— The trustees of the
Chantrey bequest have purchased for the
nation C. II. Channen's painting, "The
Flower Girl." for £500.
"It is a picture," gays the Daily Chron
icle, "which the nation will really care to
possess."
Purchases Valuable Painting 1 .
SANTA . CRUZ, May 5.-At' -Boulder
Creek to-day the. platform of a car was
broken by an engineer' backing; into it:
Andy Spaulding of Boulder Creek was
injured. ¦. • . . . : ' • , .•:¦
Injured in a Train \ Accident.
REDDING, May 5— A stabbing affray
occurred at Keswlck on Sunday after
noon. John Dalton, a .'. brakeman on
freight train 227, was cut In. the left side
by Charles s McConnell. another brakeman.
The quarrel . started over some . switching
matters. One thrust of • a long-bladed
knife was made. It penetrated the. left
side- near the hip.. The, wound is not se
rious. . , > .
Brakeman Stabbed.
Train .Wheels Crush His Foot.
SANTA' CRUZ, May. 5.— A young man
named - Tierney. of^ , San Francisco" at
tempted to •: catch: an .excursion ; train at
Glenwood this mbrnlns;. | The; train was
in V motion, | and I Tierney ;. fell ¦" : from 9 the
steps of one ; of -the cars. One'., of his
feet was ; crushed , under, the wheels. The
Injured member was amputated, . and the
man was Aakem to San; Francisco. ' • - ;
Jacob .Harris, One, of the Earliest
Settlers of Sonoma County, ,
V_ .Passes Away. , ¦ .,.-.
SANTA ROSA, May v 5.— Jacob Harris,
one of the oldest residents of this city
and earliest pioneers of the State,: died
suddenly this afternoon on Fourth street:
He'was returning:, from church, and step
ped.into a- store: »There he fainted '-.and
died. He " had been in : California over
fifty years. . In "early: days he was 'prom
inently identified with the , business 'of
Sonoma County, and was widely; known
and respected.',./ - >-j -, ¦''. : , r . .
AGLD PIONEER" DIES
AFTER : CHURCH' SERVICE
NEW YORK. May 5.— A special to the
Journal from Buffalo says: Mrs. Bob
Fitzsimmons, wife of the pugilist-actor,
drew a revolver in the union depot to
night just as about 500 people had foimed
a circle around what they believed was
polng: to be an interesting fight between
Fitz's big Dane and Walter C. Kelly's
English bulldog. Fitzsimmons and his
wife entered the depot with the dog.
Walter C. Kelly and, Frank W. Clark en
tered, accompanied ' by Kelly's bulldog.
K*-]ly held up a cane for the bulldog to
jump over, and the Dane nosed in. The
bull leaped upon him.
Mrs. Fitzsimmons slipped her right
hand into her pocket, drew it partly out,
and the crowd saw the handle of a re
volver.
"Separate those dogs, for If my dog gets
hurt, there'll be some shooting." she said.
Clark trrabbed the Great Dane, and
Kelly Jaid hold of his English bull. There
•was a long pull, the dogs were disen
tanglpfi. and the Dane was bleeding from
a small shoulder wound.
MLrs. Bob Fitzsimmons Spoils Sport
for a Big Crowd in Railroad
Depot.
STOPS A DOG FIGHT
AT POINT OF PISTOL
Constables Agnew and Hughes are con
templating a siege of Angel Island. They
figure that Dr. Kinyoun cannot live there
forever and that by proper watching they
can catch him on' territory where a mere
every-day Constable will have some au
thority. ••¦•¦.. ¦-¦.¦:¦
It Is understood that Dr. Kinyoun claims
that he did not fire the shots at De Wolfe.'
The latter, however. Is positive that the
doctor fired a him. It is believed that Dr.
Kinyoun will surrender himself here to
morrow. , .
SAN RAFAEL, May 6.— Federal Quar
antine Officer Dr. J. J. Kinyoun has not
yet been arrested. The warrant issued
yesterday by Judge Rodden of this city
upon complaint of Joseph, de "Wolfe of
Tiburon.'who swore that the doctor tr.'ed
to fill him full of rifle balls, Is reposing In
the pocket of Constable George A'gnew.
Kinyoun is charced with assault to mur
der. . . *
Unable to find Kinyoun In the city last
night Agnew returned there to-day and
learned that Kinyoun was at Angel
Island. Upon ascertaining this the Con
stable went to Tiburon, procured a launch
and headed for the island. Upon landing
he telephoned to Kinyoun, expecting that
the doctor would gladly surrender. The
doctor, according to Agnew's story, re
fused to be arrested unless assured that
he would not be detained at San Rafael.
This condition could not be agreed to by
the Constable, who. demanded an uncon
ditional surrender. Further parlev over
the wire resulted in Agnew being informed
that he was a trespasser on the Island
and that only a United States Marshal
could /irrest the doctor.
The harrowing tale of how the Krag
bullets are said to have whistled about
the head of boatman De Wolfe was still
sounding in Agnew's ears and the Con
stable retreated to his launch and head
ed back, to Tiburon under a full head of
steam. - ' •
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
Marin Officer Seeking
Kinyoun Narrowly
Escapes.
LAUNCH SAVES
THE CONSTABLE
. Crill is . now devoting himself to study
ing the Dunham. crime. He says he wants
to know all "about the crime with which
he - is charged. He intends to visit : the
scene of the murders at the McGlincy
place when released. He declares he will
familiarize himself with .Dunham's , de
scription, and in his future travels he in
tends to keep a sharp lookout for bis
double, and will try and land him in jail.
Crill now thinks he would know Dunham
if, he saw him; and hopes he may yet se
cure part of the reward which tempted his
arrest. , ,-•"-' ".¦ ¦ ¦ v - '. ' ' . ¦ ¦:¦¦'
Mrs. Annie Bloomquist, formerly ¦ of
Rockford, 111., and F. L. Terwilliger,- who
lived at Monroe, 111., called to see Crill,
and after questioning him closely about
those places were satisfied his story in re
gard to being there was correct.: ¦
Crill has been a willing prisoner and has
borne well the strain of having thousands
scrutinize him. He # stated to-night he
may make San- Jose his home, and espe
cially so if he can make some money here
after he gets out. He praises Sheriff
Langford for the manner In which he has
been treated. « ¦ ¦
SAN JOSE, May 5. — The excitement over
the arrest of Crill, the Dunham suspect,
is subsiding, and although many people
called at the' Jail to-day the visitors were
only the. more curious of previous days.
As it was, Crili's Identification Was fur
ther established. Mrs. J. A. Fisher's iden
tification last evening changed Sheriff
Langford's mind, and Crill was not con
fined in a cell. Crill will be released in
the next day or so, for the Sheriff is about
willing to admit the mistake. If Crili's
freedom Is not forthcoming he will'apply
for a writ of habeas corpus and seek his
release in court.; : ! ". .,
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
San Jose Prisoner May-
Obtain I Habeas Cor
pus Writ.
GRILL DEMANDS
EARLY RELEASE
To-morrow afternoon I the committee
on sports and sailing and rowing races
wjll have charge. ;The sailing races will
be participated Jn by the San Diego ' and
Chula Vista Yacht Clubs, and the row
ing, races will be between the cutters and
gigs from the Warspite, the Ranger and
from • the Third Division of the ¦ Naval
Militia. .There will also be a parade,- led by
the -barge, of the Queen,' represented by
Miss Louise . Morrell. -. The fireworks com
mittee will have charge of proceedings for
an hour .In ; the evening. >. The ball will
be . held ' at ¦ Coronado v Hotel | on Tuesday
evening, and preparations are being made
to entertain a large crowd. . Admiral
Blckford and : hiB officers will- be the
guests of- honor. ' •_ cy ¦ • ,>
The .Warsnite is on her way home to
Esquimau ;after a cru!se; which will have
extended- over 11,000 miles: when finished.
The: cruiser went toiHonolulu and thence
to .Guatemala, whence she has ' been mak
ing her; way ..up the coast. ;, This Is her
first stop this side ofvAcapulco, and when
sho leaves "on Wednesday she will go di
rect'to Esquimau. , ¦ , ¦ ->
All. are looking, forward to two : more
days, of pleasure. This afternoon- and
evening Admiral Bickf ord sent his band
on shore, where it. joined with the City
Guard . band of : San Diego in a concert
at ¦ Coronado, which was attended by
hundreds, from this side of the bay. Each
band gave a separate concert, and then
the two joined forces for a few special
numbers.' . ' :
To "Admiral Bickf ord himself and the
officers of the Warspite an invitation was
extended to the ball to be given Tuesday
evening. In reply Admiral Bickiford
thanked the committee, and stated ? hat
though he had intended to leave on Tues
day, he would remain • another day and
accept the ball invitation. Captain Kep
pel' and other officers were , introduced,
and the ¦ invitation to take part in the
plans of the various was ac
cepted.. ¦ .'• : ¦
The Warspite dropped anchor a little
after 10 o'clock, " and soon after Mayor
Capps, representing, the city, and Pres
ident Ballou of the Chamber .of Com
merce went on board. Speaking for the
committee and for the city, President
Ballou extended, a welcome to the visit
ors, and explained the plans > which had
been made for their entertainment 1 while
here. They extended an invitation for
the sailors to participate in the aquatic
sports to-morrow afternoon, and in the
carnival and illuminated naval parade to
morrow" evening. - ¦> '- • .
SAN DIEGO, May 5.— The city is full
of English sailors this evening. Never
did a crew of a war vessel arrive in
port with as much pleasure as the crew
of. the Warspite seemed to feel on reach
ing San Diego,, the city in which sailors
of all navies have had the largest amount
of liberty. ¦"' ..
Special Dispatch to' The Call,
San Diego Welcomes the
: Men on/the.War-
spite.
BRITISH TARS
IN A CARNIVAL
Francisco chef. Three . hundred plates
have been arranged for and the banquet
will be under the direction of Judge Rob
ert Ferral, who has been selected to act
as' toastmaster.
The arrangements for the banquet to be
given at the ' Palace Hotel Friday night
have been entrusted to E. F; Burns, and
he reports that the menu under prepara
tion is the finest ever handled by a San
The drive to the park and Cliff has been
placed under the management of Jerome
Basslty. who has spared no effort to make
his part of the entertainment a success.
Vehicles of all kinds, including the "ewell
est" rigs in town, have been secured for
Mine host Wllkins of the Cliff House
has been given carte blanche in preparing
a lunch, and has promised to spread a
feed fit for the gods — or the Eagles. The
ride will be concluded in time to enable
the guests to attend the reception to
President McKinley at Native Sons' Hall.
Tuesday evening the officers, delegates
and Eagles at large will be entertained at
Pioneer Hall. The address of welcome will
be delivered by A. C. Berthier, who will
advise the Eagles to take everything__in
sight "as Frisco is theirs."
Mr. Berthier will be followed by William
McDonald, the famous basso, and Robert
Downing the tragedian. Others will fol
low with song's, stories, dances and speci
alties and it will not be necessary for any
of the audience to go out between acts, *f or
refreshments will be served in the hall.
Aerie to be held here during the
week commencing May 14 have completed
their arrangements and have everything
in readiness to welcome the visiting
brother birds.' • "' ¦
'•
THE committees selected by the
various lodges of Eagles in thia
city to care for the visiting dele
gates and officers of the Grand
SAN », JOSE.-j May . 5.— Burton Downing,
16 : years J of age, .broke the* coast amateur
one mlle>tandirig ; start paced road record
to-day near this city. He. rode the dis
tance in . 1 :42 2-5, which was - :13 2-5 under
the former record of. 1:56, made jy Bunt
Smith in 1S06..V. ; . • ' ¦
¦¦¦'.- ¦'•'¦'• ' • • , ¦ ¦ ¦
PHOENIX.' Ariz.. f May 5.— Two steam
ers, the first of a r.umber to be operated
by the Mexican-Colorado Navigation. Com
pany, -were launched at Yuma yesterday.
One of .them is alrtauy on the trip down
the coast. - '": •/-"-'-?.. •"- \
Youth Breaks: a Record.
Steamers ' for, Mexican : Trade.
SAN -ANDRE AS, May 5.— In the Supe
rior Court,. Judge Gotschalk presiding, 'a
jury' brought in a verdict of "guilty of
assault with a deadly weapon with Intent
to do great bodily harm" against Mitcheit
Maguire to-day.- -Or. the last "election day
Maguire shot and wounded Chris . Busk
onovich In Angels Camp.
Found Guilty by a Jury.
SAN RAFAEL.. May 5.— The members
of the San Francisco Grutli Verein held
their annual picnic and 'outing at Schuet
zen Park to-day. The picnic was largely
attended. ¦ The committee in charge was
as • follows: L." Britschgi- (chairman),- E.
Leutenegger, T. Simmen. H. Steiner. T.
Strieff, Charles Luspenbuhl, J. Harkins.
C. Gut. J. Schlupper, E. Keller, E.
Schrambli. J. Furrcr. C. Bonadurer. J.
Senn. T. Rosli, C. Foster. J. Fritchi, O.
Hintermann and Dr. Lartori. , .
LONDON, May 6.— "The approaching
meeting here of Cardinal Gibbons, Mon
seigneur ChaDelle ' and the Archblshoy of
Manila," says the Rome correspondent of
the Daily Chronicle, "is designed to re
move the conflict that has arisen between
the Vatican and the United States regard
ing the sequestration of \ne property of
monasteries in the Philippines."
Dr. Pelton's Funeral in Nome.
SEATTLE, May 5.— The funeral of
Dr. Harrison J. Pel ton took place
on the first Sunday afternoon in Febru
ary at Nome, the Rev. L. M. Scroggs of
ficiating. About , twenty- five friends, of
the deceased and of his family ,were pres
ent* Paul Freeman Pelton, hla brother,
had arrived In time to be present, and
the doctor's late partner. Walter J. Rock
well, was also there. The remains | will
be shipped to Oakland, Cal., by one of
the first boats In the spring.
• ¦¦ .. ,'. * <
Grutli Verein at Schustzen.
MAY REMOVE CONFLICT.
Administrator of, the Estate of Fred
¦ erick Hutchinson of Philadel
phia, Discovers Riches.
SEATTLE, May 5.— Joslah Collins of
Seattle, who was appointed administrator
of the estate of Frederick Hutchinson,
one of the pioneers of the Yukon, who
died recently in Philadelphia, has discov
ered that he is in control of an estate
worth $200,000. He gave a bond for J15.000
In the beginning, but when he opened
Hutchinson's strong box in the safe de
posit vaults he found bags of gold and
bundles of valuable securities. This big
fortune will go to Herbert Hutchinson of
Philadelphia, a brother of the old Circle
City and Klondike miner, and two sis
ters, who live in England. ¦
• Hutchinson made . a modest fortune at
Circle City.' Later he purchased claims on
Eldorado during the early days of the
Klondike." He amassed $200,000 from these.
During a trip down- the river last fall he
was shipwrecked in White Horse Rapids
and rescued after hours In the ice-cold
water. The exposure brought on sickness,
which finally caused his death. '
/. the Arctic Trail.
SEATTLE, May 5.— The Nome Gold Dig
ger of February 6 says that every one
will learn with surprise that an effort is
being made in the postofHce to prevent
letters being carried to the outside by
men going over the trail. The isolation
of this country during the long months of
"white silence"- and the dreary time that
elapses, even by the quickest mode of
travel, before friends can be communi
cated with has hitherto made people glad
ly grasp at any chance that : offers of
shortening by a few weeks the passage of
letters to the outside. No one has thought
of wondering whether the local postofllce
would-lose a few cents In the way of can
cellations. •
It seems, however, that these few cents
are now grudged. High legal authorities
who have been consulted, but prefer not
to be quoted for publication, state em
phatically that under the existing circum
stances . the postoffice officials have no
right whatever to prevent travelers from
carrying letters for private individuals.
Postmaster Wright has issued a ukase
that no man going out over the trail may
carry letters, and he adds that any one
bold enough to defy this Imperative de
cree will be arrested at Eaton, have his
mail confiscated and be fined, even if he
is lucky enough to escape languishing in
a dungeon cell. ¦
FINDS BAGS OF GOLD
IN A MINER'S VAULT
gers Cannot Carry Mail Over
Order Issued That Ordinary Messen-
POSTOFFICE OFFICIAL
TO DELAY NOME LETTERS
War Against Liquor and Opium.
PITTSBURG. May 5.— Before, the -Re
form Bureau, at its national anniversary
here to-day, General O. O. Howard Bpoke
on "The Victories of Peace and Christi
an Citizenship." Dr. W. F. Craft, superin
tendent of the bureau, outlined in detail
the plan to give China a free hafrd- in
dealing with opium. He announced for
the first time that a great petition to all
civilized nations to prohibit both opium
and liquor traffic would be made.
Actress Ends Her Life.
NEW . YORK, May 5.— Miss Frances
Raymond,, an actress, committed" suicide
by inhaling gas to-day in her home here.
National League Will Also Discuss
the Matter of Primary Elec
tion Reforms.
ROCHESTER, N. T.. May 5.— The Na
tional Municipal League will begin its
ninth annual convention on Wednesday,
and later there will be a special confer
ence of committees appointed to consider
the question of municipal accounting.
This Is a reform to which the league will
give much attention. Beside the subject
mentioned this year's convention will also
consider primary election reforms and re
cent charter legislation. Among the speak
ers will be Hon. James D. Phelan, Mayor
of San Francisco.
MUNICIPAL ACCOUNTING
WILL BE CONSIDERED
Men Who Deserted Their Wives Are
Now to Be Arrested for
Felony.
ST. PAUL. May 5. — The County Board
of Control has decided to seek requisition
papers in order to • secure the return to
this State of thirty husbands who have
deserted their wives. The last Legislature
passed a law making wife desertion a
felony punishable by imprisonment in the
penitentiary from one to three years, with
a provision for a suspension of sentence
providing the delinquent husband ' shall
give a bond to the State to support his
wife and family. ...
MINNESOTA WILL SEEK
THIRTY STRAY HUSBANDS
existence brought out a good-sized crowd.
The exhibits were closed and guards stood
by the doors of the great buildings and
prevented any one from entering. On the
midway two of the shows, which opened,
were promptly closed by the exposition
police. They closed under protest and a
test case will be tried. The claim set up
by the concessionaires Is that their con
tracts specify that they shall be allowed
to run every day the exposition grounds
are open to the public.
Sunday Closing of Attractions on
Buffalo's Midway Will Cause
i a Test Lawsuit.
BUFFALO, May 3.— The first Sunday of
the Pan-American Exposition's official
EXPOSITION" RULES
ANGER. CONCESSIONAIRES
molders of the Schinckle, Harris & How
ard Iron Company engaged in a riot at the
plant in East St. Louis to-day and in the
melee Deputy Sheriff Kaase was probably
fatally injured. Sheriff "John Kickham
had an almost miraculous escape from
death. While trying: to disperse the strik
ers one of them placed a revolver at h)s
head and pulled the trigger. The cart
ridge did not explode and the fellQW was
about to try again when the officer felled
him with a blow of his fist.
Martin Schalk. accused of havinff at
tempted the Sheriff's life, and two others
were arrested.
Kaase's skull was fractured and he also
received a bullet in the head.
One of Them Makes a Desperate At
tempt to Kill a
Sheriff.
ST. LOUIS, May 5.— The striking iron
STRIKING HLON HOLDERS
ENGAGE IN BIOTING
CLEVELAND, O., May 5.— A; special to
the Plaindealer from Columbus says:
"One of the largest deals in the history of
the coal financial world is now on and all
indications are that it wlll.be brought to
a successful close before the end of an
other week- The deal includes all the
leading mines In the Hocking Valley fields
and a number in the Sunday Creek dis
trict. The transfer has been engineered
by agents of J. P. Morgan and has been
under consideration for thirty days. Op
tions were secured on at least fifteen of
the largest mines and for more than a
week appraisers have been in the field
making a survey of the situation, and
their reports are now in the hands of
the Morgan people. The options secured
are on the mines owned and controlled by
W. P. Rend, the new Pittsburgr Company,
W. S. Courtrisht Coal Company, the
Lampman, Slater and Eastern mines, D.
R. Doty mines and William Jolis Coal
Company.
These companies own and operate fif
teen different mines.
PLANNING LARGE DEAL
IN OHIO COAL MINES
Agents of J. P. Morgan Have Secured
Options on Fifteen Pieces of
Property.
"Will Be Taken, to Texas.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
yesterday morning from Sheriff Peter No
wotny of New Braunfels, Texas, that an
officer would t-e sent at once •with the
necessary papers for the extradition of J.
B. Pratt and Mrs. Matilda Heillg, the
elopers from that place, who were arrest
ed Saturday night by Detective Whitta
ker. The warrants were sworn to by the
woman's husband. She says she will be
glad to get back, as she is anxious to see
tier four children again. She claims that
her husband treated her cruelly and beat
her children so hard that blood flowed
from their wounds. She seems to be in
fatuated with Pratt.
A number of instances are cited show-
Ing how agents have abused their power
for their own pecuniary benefit and with
demoralizing consequences to the Indians.
The report says it seems evident that
whatever temporary improvement may be
made by changes in the personnel of the
Indian service, no lasting reform can be
Inaugurated without a change in the sys
tem itself.
It is submitted that under section 1753
of the Revised Statutes the Chief Execu
tive has the right to promulgate regula
tions declaring that all appointments of
Indian agents hereafter shall be made by
promotion from the superintendents of
Indian schools and from the other higher
grades in the classified Indian service and
by details from the army. In pursuance
of this statute, an inspector might be se
lected by the President from the classified
service to ascertain and report the rela
tive qualifications of the different persons
in this service eligible for appointment.
S "Recently the Secretary of the Interior
required that the bids for the leasing of
Indian lands should be opened and the
leases awarded in Washington under the
direct supervision of the Indian Bureau,
and not. as formerly, upon the reserva
tions. ¦; The result, of this system and of
the' exposure of the fraudulent use of
Indian lands already shows a net gain to
the Indians of about $150,000, the greater
part of which was upon the Osage Res
ervation alone. " Nothing could better il
lustrate the enormous waste and pre
sumptive peculations which have existed
in the past in respect to this one feature
of Indian administration."
.NEW YORK,' May 5.'— A report by the
investigating , committee of the' National
Civil -Service Reform League on condi
tions In the Indian service, with particu
lar reference to the appointment of agents
under . the present administration, has
been presented to the council of the
League. The facts and recommendations
contained -In the report have also been,
submitted to President McKinley. The
report says in part:
"Under the system of patronage ap
pointments to these wards- of the nation
nave in many cases been despoiled • by
fraudulent contracts whereby the agents
have obtained large sums of money in
violation of law, while the morals of the
Indians have been corrupted by the ex
ample of caretakers who are often
drunken, brutal, licentious and dishonest."
Civil Service Reform League
' Advises Change" in the
System. OJ
Dereliction of Officials
Reported to the
President.
INDIAN AGENTS
ABUSE POWER
¦ ¦ - . . - .
An ugly^scandai has arisen over tha
suicide of Fred Hathaway which seriously
involves the Coroner's office, and charges
of robbing tho body of the dead man are
made by his relatives, and it is not unlike
ly that the matter may be called to the
attention of the Grand Jury.
Disappointed In love, young Hathaway
committed suicide by inhaling illuminat
ing gas In a lodging-house at 737 Market
street. The day preceding his act of self
destruction he had purchased a pair of
shoes and a hat, which were found in the
room when the body was discovered. Out
of respect to the wishes of the relatives
of the dead man Coroner Leland did not
have the body removed to the Morgue,
but allowed it to be taken to the home of
his relatives. Following the usual custom
in such cases, the Coroner's deputies took
charge of the clothing and effects of tha
suicide and had them conveyed to tha
Morgue. After the Inquest the. effects of
the dead man were sent to his relatives. !
On opening the package which contained
the clothing of young Hathaway his
brother was surprised to find only an old
hat and a pair of well-worn tan shoes.
¦Knowing that they had not belonged to
his unfortunate relative, Hathaway lost
no time in communicating with Coroner
Leland and asking him lor an explana
tion. The Coroner questioned his depu
ties, but they were either unable or re
luctant to tell what had become of the
new shoes and hat that had belonged to
the dead man.
Angered at what he termed the "bold
robbery of the dead," tho brother of the
suicide placed the matter in the hands of
Captain of Detectlv«s Seymour. The lat
ter detailed Detective Tom Coleman on
the case. Coleman yesterday visited th»
Morgue and closely questioned the dep
uty in charge. The latter claimed to be
vnable to throw any light on the subject,
but. handed the detective a pair of gold
eyeglasses that had belonged to the dead
man, with the remark that he had "for
gotten all about them."
Mysterious -Disappear- .
- ance of Young Hath
away's Effects.
Relatives of Market - Street
v Suicide Invoke tha Aid
of Police.
SCANDAL HANGS
OVER MORGUE
So strong is the feeling created thet If
the friends of the officers and men on
board the transport could have their way
the local Board of Health of Honolulu
would be abolished and a Federal quaran
tine would take its place. The Kilpatrick,
which was bound from San Francisco
with 840 regulars and 40 women and chil
dren aboard, reported at Honolulu that
she had two mild cases of smallpox
aboard. She- was ordered to lie outside of
the reef at the local quarantine, which Is
a hot berth. In order to give the men a
chance to breathe fresh air and get a lit
tle exercise General Sanger, inspector
general, who' was senior officer aboard,
asked permission for the troops to dis
embark and ko Into camp at an isolated
point several miles from the city. He
agreed to thoroughly fumigate the clothes
of the men and to keep them under strict
guard, so as to prevent stragglers while
on the Journey, and to station a double
cordon around the camp so as to prevent
any of the men from stealing into the
city. The Honolulu Board of Health was,
however, inexorable, and the ship's pas
sengers were compelled to remain aboard
and swelter while the transport was tak
ing on coal and supplies. The action of
the Board of Health is indorsed by the
city, which within the past few- years has
passed through an epidemic of the bu
bonic plague and cholera, and older resi
dents recalled the dreadful mortality suf
fered when the smallpox prevailed. In
view of the precautions which the army
detachment agreed to take and the fur
ther fact that the two cases of smallpox
were mild, the refusal of the Board of
Health to grant permission to land is
deeply regretted in army circles and has
been the subject of bitter comment.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. May 5.— Indignation
prevails in army circles over the treat
ment of the transport Kilpatrick by the
Board of Health of Honolulu.
Special Dispatch to The- Call.
Quarantining of the Trans
port Kilpatrick Causes •
Lively Stir.
Complain Bitterly of the
Honolulu Board of
Health.
ARMY OFFICIALS
ARE INDIGNANT
CHINA'S OFFER
TO THE POWERS
Would Open Manchuria
to Enterprise of All
Countries.
United States Suggests Appli-
cation of Principle to
Whole Empire.
BERLIN, May E.— In view of the favor
able developments of events here, says
the Peking correspondent of the Lokal
Anzeiger. it is possible that Count von
"Waldersee will return home about the
middle of June. ; *
May Be Home in June.
Chving to Favorable Developments He
WAXDEBSEE'S RETURN.
The infantry and headquarters staff will
leave by rail as soon as the troops arrive
at Taku.
PEKTXG. May 5.— The United States
cavalry and artillery left Peking to-day
to march to Tonjjku. Imposing farewell
ceremonies attended their departure. Al
fred Gaselee and the other British Gen
era!? with their staffs were present, and
the British troops escorted the Americans
outside the wall.
Imposing Farewell Ceremonies Occur
at Peking.
AMEEICAN TROOPS DEPABT.
At home I understand that I was thought
bloodthirsty, but in China I was the most
Jrnient of the Ministers except one. We knew
the conditions better than those who were not
there could possibly know them. Drastic
measures were demanded, but I do not think
we were cruel. What would Fpern & severe
punishment to us at home would not impress
th» Chinese at all, for the reason that they
indulge in to many cruel and unusual punish
ments. The reports of cruelty on, the part of
the soldiers have been crossly exaggerated,
though I arn sure that there was plenty of
brutality on the part of the individual 6ol
<liprs. A* an army the allies were exceed
ingly wU behaved. Kor were the Btorles of
unrestricted looting true. In Peking the sol
dir-rs took what they ne<?<!ed, of course, just as
wo T-ouid have 6eized anything that we need
pi while we wpr» cagc*d uo in the compound
had we b*<»n able to fasten upon anything
that would help us to withstand the Elege. As
for the stories of missionary lootlnjr, they are
unfliserulsedly false. The missionaries did not
loot.
As far as the punishment of Chinese offl
c:a!s gws China has already done all that she
could. Something out of the ordinary had
to be demanded by the powers, for it takes
a good deal of punishment to impress this
p«"op!e, and this was no ordinary offense. In
some eases the official whose punishment was
demanded was more powerful than the Gov
ernment, ar.d then, of course, the punish
ment could not be enforced. Except In these
case? everything was done as the powers de
manded.
Russia has so far mitigated her demands
that there is now not much danger of serious
difficulty between her and Japan. Personally
I am very much in iavor of the continued ex
istence of China as an empire, coverned by
her own Emperor. It will save us and all
the re?t of the world lots of trouble if the
Integrity of the empire Is maintained. - -¦
Unless matters have changed very materially
Elnce I left China six weeks ago, the powers
will reach some conclusion In regard to China
very toon. Of course it is difficult for eleven
men to agree on anything, especially when
they have eleven governments with differing
views behind them. China is perfectly willing
to do anything: that the powers agree upon —
that is, anything within her ability to accom
plish. She is only too anxious to expedite
these matters and settle down to peaceable
pursuits again. Of course the powers must
not dimand an indemnity which China will be
physically unable to raise. It Is not certain
that, finally, some nation may not demand
territory of China in lieu of a money indem
nity. It is perfectly certain that if any na
tion does make this demand the partition of
China will follow and this will inevitably
r.aus« much dissension between the powers.
These difficulties and disputes would be long
In the settling, and would lead to terrible
confusion in China.
NEW TORK. May 5.— Minister Conger,
who lately returned to this country, fur
nishes an article on the Chinese situation
which will appear In the coming number
of Leslie's \\ eekly. Conger says:
rity of t3ie Empire.
Kinister Would Preserve the Integ-
Bishop Favier believes that tranquillity
will be impossible until a stable Chinese
government is established in Peking and
outside districts. He advises that for
eign troops evacuate the country and that
the court then return to the capital.
CONGEE PLEADS FOR CHINA.
One district requested aid from the
French soldiers, who, upon arriving there,
had a fight with outlaws and sustained
some loss. Two of their officers were
killed.
These reports of disturbances are held
to show that there will be disorders in
every direction should the evacuation of
foreign troops begin without arranging
for the return of a sufficient Chinese force
to maintain order. At this season of the
year it is usual for risings to occur, and
foreign restraint is now necessary, though
it is unsatisfactory owing to its accom
panying; evils, t
PEKING, May 5.— Reports have been re
ceived that districts along- the line of
march of the German troop3 returning
from the west have been largely despoiled.
There has been much commandeering* by
them. They required supplies and trans
portation from one mandarin, who, fear
ing that compliance with demands made
upon him were impossible, committed sui
cide. Other districts are reported to be
greatly disturbed by disbanded soidiers
and "banditti.
"Japan cordially approves the sugges
tion. The United States Government gen
erally assents, but suggests an application
of the principle to the whole empire. Great
Isritain approves. It is feared that Rus
sia will object. Chambers of Commerce
and the British and American Associa
tion* are vigorously protesting against the
proposed increase of the customs tariff
to lo uer cent,"
LONDON*, May 6.— "I am informed by a
high native official," says the Shanghai
correspondent of the Times, "tiiat China
has approached the powers, sugesting a
complete opening of Manchuria to the
enterprise of all countries, and that re
plies have been received from Japan, the
United States and Great Britain.
Fraternal Visitors Promised^Welcome Befitting Reputation of the
Order— Arrangements Gompleted for LavisK Entertainment.
HOSPITABLE EAGLES PREPARING
TO RECEIVE THE GRAND AERIE
5
THE " SAN FRANCISCO C 6. 1901.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The first brewery of Jos. j|g|j
Schlitz was a hut, but the |?)$j
beer that was brewed there feW
was honest. That was fifty Sgpl
years ago. Today the mag- &p£a
nificent Schlitz brewery Ftj
forms a monument to that Sh^Ni
From the very beginning p[/j
the main object has been to S^fj
attain absolute purity. In |j«i|
Schlitz beer pure yeast was 3J/?
first introduced in America, g&g
In the Schlitz brewery are ifSl
all the inventions men have g?fj
made for protecting beer Py
from impurities. h^<
Schlitz beer is even ccoled W^R
in filtered air; then it is fil- Hj
tered, then sterilized. It is »??i
well aged to avoid the cause j|ji£|a
of biliousness.
Ask your physician about m&n
Schlitz, the beer that made iip
Milwaukee famous. ' pl^
'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- E^B
wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco ll^y-l
\r WuK/l 'T) vorable criticism and
\\ ' I \ /v Yl if m »ny Inquiries received by '
y y/ us from the Medical Pro-
fession and others interested rewarding- our
statement , that the so-called Weakness of Men -
Is • not a weakness but symptoms of tnrtam- >
matlon ot:.the Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der), caused by contracted d'sordera and early
dlsslpaticn, and that Lf>«s of VltaHtr. Prema-
tureness. etc., are Invariably cured by pro-.
oinres directed toward correcting tnls Inflsm* '
mat!en, we wish to state to th?se . many la- 1
quirles. In the rolnmns of the press, that It
takes approximately ten we*ks to cure thess
disorders of the male. The treatment Is en- . .
tlrely a local one. ns no drujrcring the stomach
Js n*oessary. and that the patient may treat i
htmself at home, under our d'rsction». We will
cheerfully explnln the plan of treatment to any
reliable physlci&n en pequest. The colored chart .
of the organs whirh we send free on anpl!ea-
tton to any. one intcrerted .In the Jnbject. .will
be foi:sd aisrreat advantaffe la "nome D'a^r-
ncsls,". ps well a» a study for all Interested la
their anatomy. Very respectfully. „
DK. TAlLOT'i & CO., 9 J7 Market St.
to the .
Public
Announcement, Special information ; supplied >¦ dally^ to
business' houses and -public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street, j Telephone Main 1042. • ;
Townsend's' California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched- boxes or Jap bas
kets.- 639 Market, Palace Hotel ; building.*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c ,Xiook
out 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. -:•
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's, 1 Palace Hotel*
For some time past the Attorney General of Great
Britain has received £10,000 a year and the Solicitor
General ioooo; but it has been found those salaries
hardly justify great lawyers in leaving their practice
to serve the Government in anything less than a 'Ufa
position, and accordingly .Parliament has voted 10
so increase the pay that their joint salaries .will be
£30,000 instead of * £19^000. • Such; salaries for public
officials may. strike'an American as rather extrava
gant, but the British have been running a Government
for 9. long time and experienc, has taught them the
workman is worthy of his hire and it pays to have the
best.---. ,:/-/' ¦_; ; . ,' ¦ ¦ ' ; . .¦- ¦". ¦••¦ -.,„¦
It is said the Chicago, men who guaranteed the
Theodore Thomas orchestra concerts in'that city are
losers to the extent of $20,000, and the next time a
classic orchestra goes to Chicago the leader will have
to make the. venture at his own risk arid pass the hat
himself. '-
A local. company. has been organized .with the pur
pose of seeking for treasure on ships. which have been
wrecked or may be lost on the coast; It might not be
unwise for the Pacific Mail : Steamship Company ; to
secure a large block of stock in the new corporation. ,'¦
A local attorney has protested in court that his face
is his own property and without permission cannot
be sketched in a public place. He probably feels that
he is' not a member of that interesting group which
places no tangible value on its looks. . V- . ;
, The .State 1 ; League of Iroquois Clubs will meet in
Benicia on the ioth inst This session may be called
in . no ¦ spirit of unkindness an assembly ¦ of the old
squaws of the State. . . ••
.The i Buffalo " exposition may , after awhile obtain a
front place in , public attention, but up to date-it is
only a side show fto : the Presidential' tour. ,
WALL STREET STILL THE CENTER
-|— •* OR a fortnight Wall street has engrossed the
rH attention of the country. General trade, which
-*- is to Wall street as a house of cards, built up by
an infaift to be blown down again the moment it is
finished, has been in a measure lost sight of. All
eyes have been centered upon the great railroad deals
and the financial cyclones they are causing in the
national maelstrom. A Mr. Phillips, at Chicago, is
playing a very prominent second violin there, and
has the Board of Trade alive with jumping jacks,
dancing to his music and clutching with greedy fin
gers at his stream of golden' corn, which he lets flow
or dams up at will.- The country has gone mad over
speculation, and the higher the quotations the higher
people think they will go, and it is useless to try to
convince them to the contrary. The New York bank
ers have for weeks been warning operators and the
public not to venture too far, but their words of cau
tion, according to the press dispatches, "have been
met. with ridicule."
The scenes in Wall street during the week were
wild enough to suit the most blase operator. .The
public joined in the fight of the vast interests for the
control of certain railroad stocks, and bought every
thing right and left, stretching their credit and bor
rowing all the money they could get to keep up their
niargins. When, on Friday, the break came, it threw
them into wild disorder and they scrambled for cover.
More scrambling of this sort will be done later on."
¦ The general trade of the country, considered apart
from this dementia in Wall street, seems to be going
along all right The bank clearings continue to make
a brilliant surface showing, as pointed. out a week
ago, the gain last week over the same week in 1900
being 64.5 per cent, the lion's share of this increase
being due to the speculation in Wall street But even
with that eliminated there would still be a substantial
increase. The failures' were 163 against 173 for the
same week last year.
The staples are in the main featureless and uninter
esting at the moment. Wheat remains about the
same, the daily fluctuations varying but little from the
point at which the" market has stood so long. , Pro
visions, too, seem to hover about a point more or less
fixed. The textiles are dull, with a further decline
in print. cloths, while wool, which has lately shown
more life in the West and on the Pacific Coast, re
mains dull in the East Concessions are being made
by sellers of boots and shoes, but Western jobbers
are ordering more freely and shipments from Eastern
points are reported larger than a year ago. The iron
and steel tra^e continues to make a good., showing,
but it is now said that the production is creeping up
to the consumption, as it did *a year or more ago.
Better weather has caused an improvement in jobbing
and retail business throughout the country, and the
crop prospects are very- good almost everywhere.
In California the situation has undergone a marked
ci:ange during the week. The heavy rains of a week
ago have practically settled the crop question, and
large yields of cereals are now almost assured. Lighter
fruit crops this year will probably mean higher prices,
acd already quotations for dried fruits have advanced
slightly, as before mentioned. Grapes "and wine
promise good returns, and there is now a very good
demand for spring wool, and a stiff market for hops.
It looks as if the farmer was to have another inning.
This creates confidence among the banks and mer
chants, helps credits and stimulates new enterprises,
and whatever may be going qn over 'the Rockies it
is undeniable that the outlook for a fine year in Cali
fornia is brilliant.
The Bosto/i papers in commenting upon McKin
ley's tour say he will not attain the full height of the
pleasure he expects until he reaches that city; so it
appears the people over there have but a faint idea of
the joys of California. -j
A CHANGED WORLD.
k STRIKING illustration of the politicarchanges;:
/\ that have taken place in the world in, the last*
•f *- twenty years is afforded by the publication by
the.British Museum of a recently obtained manuscript
containing a memorandum . on the eastern question,
drawn up by Chinese Gordon in 1880. Gordon rec
ommended the adoption of the following programme:
(1.) The complete purchase of Cyprus.
(2.) The abandonment of the Asia Minor reforms.
(3.) The union of Bulgaria and Rumelia, with a port."
(4.) The increase of Greece.
(5.) Constantinople a state, undSr European guarantees
(6.) Increase of Montenegro and Italy on that coastl'
(7.) Annexation of Egypt by England, either directly
or by having paramount and entire authority. ;.
(8.) Annexation of Syria by France— ditto— ditto
ditto.. (By this means France would.be as interested in
stopping Russian progress as England Is.)
(9.) Italy to be allowed to extend toward "Abyssinia. ;
(10.) Re-establishment of ~the Turkish constitution,
and the establishment of a similar one in Egypt {(these
constitutions,, if not . interfered ; with,: would, soon rid
Turkey and E&j'Pt of their parasite Pashas). '
An attempt to apply that programme to existing
conditions will show how far the -world has swung
avvzy from the conditions of 1880. The purchase of
Cyprus has been completed. The proposed- increase
of Greece has been tried by Greece.herselfand the
result has been disastrous to her. Great Britain-, has
The citizens of Vallejo deserve credit for their ac
tivity in urging upon the executive committee the
change in the programme. Their action promises to
be beneficial not to themselves only but to the State,
and it is to be hoped that when the trip is made they
will have the satisfaction of receiving not only the
Secretary of the Navy*and the visiting Congressmen
but the .President and all the members of his Cabinet
who have attended. him on. the tour.
Even should the President be unable to visit the
navy yard it will be something to have the establish
ment inspected by the Secretary of the Navy and the
Congressmen who are to be with us at the time. The
main object of placing Vallejo on the programme is
to give the officials an opportunity to make a personal
inspection of the Government station at Mare Island
so that they may perceive its importance and' note
what is needed in tKe way of extension and improve
ment to fit it for the demands which our increasing
interests-in the Pacific Ocean will put upon it.
Out of the complex duties imposed upon him dur
ing the time of his stay here, it is possible, of course,
lhat the President will be unable to make the visit to
Vallejo, but none the less he should have opportunity,
and it is to be hoped he will be able to profit by it.
The trip itself will not be fatiguing. In fact it would
be something of a rest from the parades and public
functions which will mainly occupy him during his
stay in the city.
It was announced at the conference that the aim of
the executive committee is to show the President just
what he wishes to see, and not to impose too much
upon him. With that aim the public will sympathize.
.It is now well understood the President's tour is one
of almost incessant sightseeing, receptions and speech
n aking. Such work is fatiguing under any circum
stances, and is particularly so when accompanied by
vapid travel. The President has with him his Cabinet,
and a great deal of public business will have to be
attended to by them during the trip; and in addition
thereto care will have to be taken that the programme
does not entail too, much exertion for the ladies who
accompany, the party.
FROM every point of view it is gratifying that
a visit to the Mare Island navy yard has been
included in the programme of entertainment pro
vided in this city for President McKinley and his
Cabinet. It is true that arrangements made on Satur
day between the Vallejo committee and the executive
reception committee do not definitely commit the
President to a visit to Mare Island, but it was con
ceded^ the Secretary" of the Navy and visiting Con
gressmen would inspect the navy yard, and the Presi
dent will, of course, have the option of joining them
should he find time to do so. „
THE VALLEJO PROGRAMME.
The French battleship Jena is passing
through an -extended and varied series
of engine trials, two of which have been
very . satisfactory.. The first, under -one
third power, gave 5S81 horsepower, with
a coal consumption of 1.3S pounds and a
speed of 13.S knots, and the second, un
der four-fifths power, , gave easily 12.500
horsepower, with a 'consumption of 1.51
pounds. The Jena is of 12,052. tons, and
calculated to make a speed of 13 knots
with 15,000 horsepower. The vessel has
been severely criticized in the British
press, but her shortcomings, if- any, do
not lie' with her machinery.
¦ • . • • "
, A stationary ship Is much wanted' at
Guam, and, according. to the Army and
Navy Journal, the Navy Department has
determined to ' send out the old storeship
Supply, which .Is said to have lain in or
dinary at the New Tork yard for many
years. The record of this old craft is
rather interesting as a link between the
old and the new navy. The Supply was a
sailing ship of &« tons, - purchased in
1846. for $60,000. During the second year
of the. Civil War she captured a schooner/
laden with arms for the Confederacy, and
the sale of the cargo "netted Lieutenant
Coloocoresses, commanding officer of the
Supply, a snug. fortune. -The ship served
afterward as storeship on the European
station, and was laid up from 1S70 to 1778,
when she made a cruise to '•France, and
was finally retired . April 3, 1379. In 13S2
'Congress authorized the" sale of forty
six useless u vessels," and the Supply was
sold at auction May 3, 1884,^ to Gregory.
New York, for $1301. If the Army and
Navy Journal is correct it would appear
that the buyer repented of his purchase
and that our navy must be hard pressed
for available material when pushed to
resurrect a vessel that was worth only
$1300 seventeen years ago for service la
the far-off Pacific. The * probabilities are,
however, that another vesser of the samo
name, formerly the Illinois, purchased
from the, International Navigation Com
pany in 1893 for $325,000, Is "the ship se
lected. The Illinois was buirt in 1873, and
is a screw steamer of . 4460' tons displace
ment, 342 feet In length and 467 tons coal
capacity. She was fitted to carry fresh
provisions to Cuba during the late war
and, being i exceptionaly slow, is of no
use to the navy except to serve as a
stationary ship. at some port at home or
abroad. '. , - - ¦ , »
The old Achilles, rated on the effect
ive navy list of Great Britain as an ar
mored cruiser, is to be utilized as a
guardship at Malta, taking the place of
the Hibernia, a former HO-gun llne-of
battleshlp launched in 1S04. The Achilles
Is the second Iron-clad vessel built for
the British navy, and was launched in
1S53. Her first cost was $2,222,730, and the
repairs have consumed about $1,417,000 to
date. Being protected by only 4^4-lnch
iron armor, her usefulness ceased twenty
years ago, but as a stationary flagship in
the Mediterranean she is good for an in
definite number of years, as the hull la
unusually well built.
• • •
Bad luck or poor design and material In
the machinery of British war vessels Is
worrying the Admiralty considerably.
The new battleship Furious, ordered -to
the Mediterranean, had to return to the
dockyard before reaching Gibraltar to re
pair defects In her boiler tubes, and an
other new cruiser, the Perseus, Is de
tained at Portsmouth owing to defects
developed in her engines.
Yarrows, at Poplar, the noted build
ers of torpedo-boat destroyers, have pur
chased an adjoining shipyard, and the
establishment ! now covers an ' area ¦ of
eleven acres, ¦with a water front of ' 700
feet. The buildings, tools and labor-sav
ing appliances are all of the latest im
provements, and electricity Is almost ex
clusively used for motive power and for
lighting purposes.
,• • • •
Germany i3 rapidly increasing her dock
ing facilities in Government yards and
private establishments. At Kiel the navy
has one floating . dock and four graving:
docks, all of which are being enlarged,
and the Howald Works dock is in course
of lengthening: to accommodate vessels of
15,000 tons.
- -. _ - • ¦ -'•;¦'•¦
The battleship Formidable has gone
through her first coal-consumption trial
without a hitch, developing:, under one
fifth power, 3262 horsepower with 233
pounds steam, 65 revolutions and a coal
consumption of 2.02 pounds. Tho vessel
averaged 1L5 knots. .
• • •• .
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
As the new British loan of $300,000,000 is said to
have been subscribed four times over as soon as it
was announced, it is evident the question of cost is
not going to interfere with the war in South Africa.
Old Dame 'Britannia has money to burn.
Thus with the kindergarten carried ' up into the
schools and the universities aspiring to assist young
men to hold down Government jobs, we progress.
Public education has indeed become a well nigh uni
versal profession and eventually it may undertake to
fit aspiring youth for the vaudeville stage. -
The exercises are .described as "language lessons"
and we are told the children are distinctly warned
against karning to read the words, as the object is to
teach, them to speak and "to think. From simple
wcrds the children are carried to sentences, and are
railed upon to see and hear and act out such phrases
as "'wash your face," "comb your hair," "brush your
clothes/' etc. After four months of that training it
is claimed the child will have mastered the foundations
of education-; by having learned to "see," to think and
to speak, instead of learning merely to read.
A'stranger novelty'than'that'of a university course
to fit young men for Government clerkships is a com
mon school method of teaching language to children
which has been devised in Chicago. The method is
described by its promoters as ."a of
visualization, auralization- and. action"— or, in the
words of common speech, of seeing, hearing and do
ing. 1 It is in the doing especially that the system is
entertaining. Thus the child is shown such words as
"hop,V "skip," or ."jump"; then the words are pro
nounced distinctly, and then the teacher hops, skips,
and jumps and each pupil is required to follow her
example, calling out the word as he does each act.
That is a very high sounding promise, and doubt
less it means as well as it sounds, but nevertheless a
young man of average ability and ambition will hardly
choose well if he determines to spend his university
years in fitting himself for a Government clerkship.
Even if every subordinate position in every depart
ment of the Government were included in the so
cnl'.ed merit system, and were attainable by passing
examinations, , there would be very little in the way
of inducement for far-seeing young men to enter the
service. The Government gives good pay for ordin
ary work, and most Government clerks do that ordin
ary work in. a very ordinary way, so they are well
paid for what they, do;. but the chances of promotion
are slight and few men obtain in governmental posi
tions anything like the. rewards they might have ob
tained had they worked in the open world of com
merce and industry. The youth who enters the ser
vice so buoyantly- is .generally a . disappointed man
before he reaches middle : life, and in old age has
hardly any hope exceptthat'of becoming a. pensioner.
WISCONSIN University,, which has now
upwards of 2500 students, has established a
course of preparation for public service, giv
ing instruction in such subjects as are supposed to fit
men for entering 'upon public life as a profession. A
prospectus of the n« vv, departure I says : "While the
course constitutes a thorough training for citizenship,
its specific purpose is the preparation for active work
in the administrative departments. The Federal Gov
ernment has over 80,000 positions i under the merit
system. While the most- of these positions do not
demand qualifications of a high order, there is a con
siderable and increasing number which do require
such qualifications. The State and municipal gov
ernments of our nation are also constantly in need
of public servants who have acquired a special train
ing. And although the merit system has not, as yet,
been extended to many, classes of positions, neverthe
less the persons who are in possession of special quali
fication are in ever-increasing demand. Such a move
ment on the part of the Government must be assisted
by offering in the great institutions of learning oppor
tunity for acquiring a thorough knowledge . of the
business of government. •.' To the training in the gen
eral principles of politics and methods of government
there will be added in this course specific instruction
in the work of the various governmental departments,
and the students' will also be kept informed concern
ing the various openings for a career in the public
service; as well as the requirements and examinations
that form a conditiqn for entering thereupon."
EDUCATIONAL NOVELTIES.
MONDAY...;.........,.... ...MAY 6, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Commnalcatlons t» W. 8. LEAKE, Manager.
MAIf ACER'S OFFICE^^^jJeJ^Pj^^^^St
PCBLI CATIOX, OFFICE.. .' Market and Third. S. P.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS -217 to 221 SfeTtnion St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered br Carrier*. IB Cent* Per Weelc
Sfnrcle Copies. 5 Oral*.
•"¦.Term* br Mall, Including Poatasret
1AILT CA1.I> flndnfllnir Sunday), one yew *«M
DAILT CAl.Ii flncludlnfr Sunday). « months 8-00
j>AJX,T CALL (Including Sunday), t months • l-«>
DAILY CAIJ>-By Single Month - •*¦
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear ••••• lM
All poitnuwter* nre authorized to receive
\ «ubscrtittlona.
Eampla cople» TU1 be lorwarded. when requested.
•fall rubsertVm In ©r«J*rIn* chance of ndare** elinuid b»
particular to sire both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their reauest.
OAKLAND OFFICE ••• . • • 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG?fESS.
Kanager Foreign Advertising. Karjnette Building. CMeago.
<Lonr Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C C CARLTO JT Herald Square
XITW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. S3IITU 3O Tribune Bnlldlns;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMorf-Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano. U Union Square;
tfnmy HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bhmnan House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
figment House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHTJCGTOX <D.'c> OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., W. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent. f
BRA3TCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:S0 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larktu, open until
e.-SO o'clock. 19U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
tjrtU 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
virtually annexed Egypt- by having paramount and
e:ithe .authority. thereM -The chance of giving France
a free hand in Syria_ has been lost, and to-day Ger
rvar-y controls railroad franchises there which assure
her domination in that part of the world. : The ex
tension of Italy's power in "Africa toward Abyssinia
has been tried, but after the experience of the Italians
v/iHii King Menelek it will not be tried again in this
generation^ :\ Bulgaria, and' Rumdia have been par
tially united, or father a "part of Rumelia has been
annexed to Bulgaria, and they possess a port on the
Black Sea, but still they are not happy and their (.union
has :done little to promote the peace and quietness of
the neighborhood. Finally this Whole eastern.ques
tion which in Gordon's time was the chief subject of
European controversy has been overshadowed by that
of China. ; For. "a -time at •¦.'least; Constantinople has
been side-tracked; and its comparative importance to
the' world has greatly diminished. . Within" the twenty
years since Gordon drew ; up ' his' memorandum- inter
n?tional politics has been revolutionized. ._,
IF is a far cry from the log house to the White
House, but the. man we honor and nine who share
with him the historic honor of the Presidency, faith
fully trod the path between the two. • ".
But he finds the frontiers gone s The rapid march
of population and improvement has effaced the log
house; the game no longer promises the hunter a sole
means of subsistence; the plains it ranged' over arc
now modern farms or pasture for thousands of neat
cattle; the crane is hung in the fireplace no more.
Men seem to need more law to restrain them and life
has lost its noble simplicity. There is more comfort
in the land, but it is hard to convince an old frontiers
man that there is more happiness.
The pioneer goes back fondly to the scenes of his
early life or his frontier experiences. President Mc-
Kinley in this great tour has crossed many a frontier
whose line is marked now only in the sturdy character
of the people, and wherever he meets them there is a
quick touch of recognition and sympathy and the
greeting of qualities which they have in common. -
The life of the pioneer was an educating experience.
In the absence of statutes, which now 'regulate human
action too much, the pioneers practiced self-restraint,
abstinence' and mutual justice. They learned and in
stinctively practiced the rule that a man's best pro
tection in his own rights is by respecting the same
rights in his neighbor. When examined it is seen
that such' principle and practice are, the germ of all
Statesmanship and of all diplomacy. So the people
have made no mistake in choosing nearly half of their
Presidents from the frontier. When their careers are
examined it will be seen that each furnishes evidence
of the pioneer quality of mind, and sense of justice,
and instinctive statesmanship. •/ • /
TEN Presidents of the United States have gone
forward to that great office out of pioneer condi
tions, on the Western and Southwestern frontier.
Jackson, the two Harrisons, Polk, Lincoln, Johnson,
Grant, Hayes/ Garfield and McKinLey, all were reared
or lived amongst the frontier scenes and tasted of that
rugged and excellent frontier life which equipped men
for independence and prepared them for any burden
of responsibility and the fearless facing of any fate
involving duty in war or in peace. .The pioneer gen
erations are passing away. President McKinley will
probably be the last chief magistrate of the republic
whose life goes back to the log house period in those
States that now cluster around the country's .'center
of population. What to him is personal experience
will be to his successors history and tradition:
FROM LOG HOUSE TO WHITE
' .' •¦ HOUSE. - ;
The editorial then proceeds to quote the
editorial which appeared In Friday morn
ing's Call, and in another column of tho
Times is run the article which was run In
the news columns of The Call on Friday.
The people of Vallejo appreciate the efforts of
The San Francisco Call, both in its editorial
and local columns, to have President McKlnley
visit Mare Island. The editor of The Call takes
a broad and commendable view of the situation
and Vallejo will not forget him.
A FRIEND OF VALLEJO.
A Friend of Vallejo.
The Vallejo Times of Saturday morning
has the following editorial:
From the article In another column it will be
eeen that The San Francisco Call and Senator
Luchslnger are entitled to the warmest thanks
ot the people of this community. "Whether the
President comes to Mare Island or not, those
who seek to bring him here should be thanked
for the interest shown in the community.
The- News also quotes the editorial and
the news article from The Call.
Entitled to "Wannest Thanks.
The Vallejo Morning News has the fol
lowinff editorial: -."-
The Vallejo Chronicle publishes the .edi
torial and article from The Call under the
following heading: MAY YET VISIT
MARE ISLAND. THE CALL. ACTS
PROMPTLY ON SENATOR LUCHSING
ER'S LETTER. SAYS THAT MOST IM
PORTANT TRIP OFFERED PRESI
DENT McKINLEY HAS BEEN OVER
LOOKED. '
Call Acts Promptly.
Last Thursday evening The Call learned
that a trip to the Mare Island Navy Yard
had been left absolutely out of the pro
gramme prepared for the entertainment
of the President during his stay here, and
it called ¦ attention ' to the fact In a news
article and. an editorial which appeared
on Friday morning. The ' people of Val
lejo had been fighting hard to secure the
attendance of the President, and they, had
well nigh given up hope of securing any
recognition until The Call mentioned the
matter. As soon as it was brought to the
attention of the readers of The Call, how
ever, they took a new grip on their cam
paign and success has crowned their ef
forts. It is now definitely decided that tho
President shall visit the yard If ho so de
sires and the programme can be arranged
to allow the trip, but in any event the
Secretary of the Navy, who accompanies
him, and all the Congressmen visiting the
State shall be given the time and the op
portunity to visit the greatest naval sta
tion of the coast and one a3 great as any
in the country.
That the . people "of Vallejo feel some
gratitude to The Call and acknowledge
It to have been the principal agent in se
curing the much desired recognition la
shown by the following editorial utter
ances from the ValleJo press:
VALLEJOANS ,
ARE GRATEFUL
TO THE CALL
FLYING EAGLE. CENTS— H. F., Hol
lister, Cal. Flying eagle cents of 1857 and:
1858 do, not command a premium.
'- CORRECT— W. A. S.. City. It is per
fectly correct to write- the following super
scription on an envelope, "Mr. John A.
Brown Jr."
THE WHEELING— H. M., Bodega. CaL
The United States gunboat Wheeling ar
rived in this port on the 19th of last De
cember and. was In port on the 26th of last
March.'£^--;-, ':
THE ANDRE PR ALL— C. A. J., City.
The registers and the records of. vessels
do not show any'such vessel as the Andre
Prall, consequently this department can
not give any information when "that ves
sel will be due at this port." -
INDIA- . DUCKS-A. M., Santa Maria,
Cal. The assertion, "several months. ago.
I saw a. notice in The Call In regard toi
India ducks, and I would like to obtain
additional information," is too indefinite
to warrant a search of the files for the
item, as the "several months ago" might
be within two months or might be within
eleven: months, and thi3 department has
not. the time to search the paper day by
day and item by item without a statement
nearer than -that as to the time of pub
lication., ¦•¦,-. . -.
. LAND IN LAKE ' COUNTY-O P *
Lakeport, Calr A person who wishes to
file a.* homestead on 160 acres of land. in
Lake County can' make application at
the Land Office in San ; Francisco or
make application In . Lakeport.- In Call
fornia the commission on 12 50 lanH <«
$24, one-half that r price on $1 25 "£i?
112.-. payable when the entry l! made the
same' amount when the certificate la is
sued and $10 as a fee when -the entry ? 3
madermaking a total, of.$34 on the hi/her
priced land; and $22 on the lower- priced
The cost of final proof- varies a^cordine
to ¦ the cost of advertising.* The * cost if
about- $S 50. A settler, can commute after
fourteen months. ¦ If a man • served in
the army during. the Civil War., whin he
becomes, a settler -he gets credit for time
he served * in : the ¦ army/ .-. ' c.< ¦
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
profit. •
He was born in Guelph, Ontario, m
1838, and it was in 1856 when he reached
St. Paul, young, sturdy, ambitiou^, mon
eyless, hopeful, shrewd, Industrious.- He
was not ashamed, to turn his hand to
manual labor when other opportunities
did not. appear to his taste, but it was
not long before he attracted the atten
tion of older men, and a' year or two
after reaching St. Paul, then a thriving
frontier town- of 6000 inhabitants, he be
came the local agent of a' Mississippi
River steamship company, the - North
western Packet Company, and remained
with the company until 1867.
His First Bailroad.
In the year 1873 a railroad which had
been struggling along in the region— the
St. Paul and Pacific— defaulted on the in
terest on its bonds. There was 533,000,000
in principal and interest outstanding
against the road, the. bonds being held
mainly In Amsterdam. . The outlook for
an early funeral was promising. A young
man who by dint of much hard work and
thrift had accumulated- a fortune of
well on to $100,000— no small sum for the
day and region — made up his mind ' that
here was an opportunity, coming but
once in a lifetime. How to . get hold of
this property with so small a capital was
a problem yet to be solved ; but the
young man, this same "Jim" Hill, wasted
no time In speculation. He said he would
have the road, and have it he did. It
took tremendous work; it involved .ar
rangements of various kinds with men
far more prominent In the financial
world than himself; it called Into play
every element of diplomacy at his com
mand.
It " was not smooth sailing 1 by any
means. Many predicted failure, and a
lesser man would have succumbed. At
last, however, he secured ' control of all
the property, and the St. Paul, Minneap
olis and Manitoba road was born. - air.
Hill became general manager of the new
road, and when it was at last merged
into the present property, the Great
Northern, he became president, a posi
tion which he still holds.
A Power in the Industrial "World.-
From a day laborer on the docks, of
bt. Paul to the presidency of one of the
leading railroads of America, becoming
the confidant and counselor of some of
the leaders of the financial world from
both sides of the ocean, is the stride of
a Colossus. The current newspaper ac
counts of his part in the mighty indus
trial movements of the day suggest that
the world has not yet heard the- last of
him. *¦ — "^
In addition to his interest in land trans
portation, Mr. Hill early looked into the
possibilities of the great lakes. He has
not been confined to wheat alone, but
lumber and iron, two commodities easily
transportable by -lake route, have found
ships of his building, while the two
finest passeneer boats on the great lakes
are in commission under. his control. He
has a beautiful steam yacht for his own
private uses, one of the finest afloat.
Perhaps the reasons for the success of
this man may be included in these brief
suggestions: . '
1. Large native _ ability diplomatically
handled. , .
2. An iron will.
3. Supreme confidence in the excellence
of his own - judgment.
If you should add to this a power to
interest men with money to invest per
haps the picture would be more com
plete, for certainly Mr. Hill has the con
fidence of the financial world as but few
men possess it.
The president of the- Great . Northern
Railway Company Is to-day one of. the
confmanding figures in an era of great
financial events. Whatever one may
hold as to the desirability of allowing
one man, or one set of men. to maintain
so powerful a grip upon the industrial
fortes of the -nation, one may not omit
in : any consideration of the subject this
sturdy, compact; sphinxllke, powerful fig
ure, one of the masters of men.
knowledge, so to speak, with the needs of
the Asiatic and how. to satisfy those
needs. '.,, - .
An indication of his appreciation of the
situation, his -grasp of Eastern possibili
ties, is seen In the fact that there are
now building Jn an Eastern shipyard for
the "Steamship company of which Mr. HIH
is the president two steamers for the
trade between the Pacific Coast and the
Orient which will be when completed the
two largest vessels on the oceans. Even
the Deutschland and Oceanic will be
eclispsed by these new leviathians, as
each will be 630 feet long and built to
carry between them a cargo as. great as
could be hauled j?n seventy railroad
trains, each train composed of .twenty-five
of the largest freight cars.
These ships are to run in connection
with Mr. Hill's railroad, and will form no
Inconsiderable factor in the development
of national trade with the Far East.
How Hill Got His Start, j
It does not seem too great a stretch of
statement to call . Mr. Hill a born pro
moter of transportation. It was but a
short time after he arrived in St. Paul
before he became interested In that sub
ject. It was not railroad transportation
that first enlisted his attention, ¦< nor
steamship transportation: It was, if cur
rent local history Is to be relied upon, a
city dray. When he went to St. Paul
he was a young 'man, not yet out of
his teens. He was ready to do whatever
came to his hand. If he did indeed drive
a dray, be sure he drove it to the best
possible advantage, taking Into account
the prevailing competitive conditions,
and availing himself of every opportunity
to give his patrons a prompt service at a
minimum of expense and a maximum of
tunity and the Man"— A Pen Sketch
of a Famous Builder of Railways.
By "W- S. Harwood.
, COPYRIGHT, 1901.
XIL— JAMES J. HIIjj.
The San Francisco Gall
Twelfth Article of the Series on "The Oppor-
PAPERS ON THE CURRENT TOPICS
Preparedby Experts and Specialists :for
, His face is one of singular interest. The
eyes are dark and piercing, now twinkling
wtih keen appreciation of your joke, if it
be neither seasoned too high nor yet too
abjectly tame, curiously interesting" eyes,
reflecting many ah electric change In the
keen mind. The forehead is high, broad,
commanding. Back ! of it falls away, well
down to the shoulders, a shock of silver
streaked hair, while the lower part of the
face is covered with a bushy, straggling
beard, here and there whitening. The nose
is prominent, the mouth a curious com
bination of the severe and the gentle;
delicate, indeed, from one point of view,
from another, strong and virile. The fig
ure is rather under the normal,, well knit
and strong of frame. Seen in /pine lights
you would think the man foreign-born,
from the - Latin • half of Europe, so
swarthy the tones of his face; but, again,
and when he speaks or moves, particu
larly, he is no more -the man of the South,
but a conquering Saxon, born to rule. •
This is an inadequate pen picture of one
of 'tho commanding figures ¦ -of modern
commercial life, James J. Hill, , president
of the Great Northern Railroad, just now
one of .the leading members of a company
of men, small in numbers but mighty in
financial power, a company that -makes
the world pause and wonder what will be
next, what move tljey will make upon the
fascinating, ever-changing chessboard of
finance; where skill is everything, luck
nothing. '
His Appreciation of Merit.
While perhaps finance, or in a more re
stricted sense, the feature of modern com
mercial life which we call railroading,
might be called the chief passion of his
life, that. to which he gives himself with
an untiring devotion, yet it would be un
fair to set him down as a man of one idea,
and that the size of a piece of gold. In his
beautiful home in the city of St. Paul, on
the show street of that city. Summit ave
nue, Mr. Hill has built for himself and his
large family a noble residence, one of the
finest private residences in the Central
AVest.~ In this residence he built a splen
did art gallery and stocked it with the
best that money could buy.- Years ago he
began buying pictures; as soon, in fact,
as he was able to make investments of
that kind he bought and bought, and he
keeps buying. It is supposed that he has
a gallery in money value worth at least
$1,000,000, but it represents a sum far and
away beyond this, that not-to-be-estimat
ed "sum whicR represents the ever-en
hancing value of great works of art. If
you chance to meet Mr. Hill personally
and you know of a new artist who is sure
to "arrive" — and he does not know of the
same man — be sure you have hit upon a
fruitful topic, for he is ever on the lookout
for the new man in art Just as he is^on
the, lookout for the new man in railroad
ing. He is quick and keen to find and fol
low up merit."
He has devoted himself to art just as
he has devoted himself to everything else,
whole-heartedly. He must know all about
a picture, he must know its genesis, its
author's character, its story. You will
find him, if you chance to be his guest,
as delightful a conversationalist on ,the
subject of pictures as he is direct and
laconic should you meet him in the line of
business.
Practical and Far-Sighted Methods.
Whatever Mr. Hill knows he knows;
there is no half-way matter about it.
When his railroad had grown stronger
and stronger until it was. coming to be
known as a' leading feature of North
western life, he determined to lead the
farmers along tltS lines of his road into
more independent ways — to try to help
them while he helped himself. It is not
every year that the wheat crop is boun
teous;, it is not every wheat region that
has the soil of a Red River Valley be
neath ' it, . rich to prodigality, one which,
while it must some day succumb if not
properly rotated, is yet a soil of marvelous
fecundity. So he began to talk livestock
—better stock, finer strains, better milk
ers, better beef cattle, more of them. He
posted himself on the subject; one might
almost say he exhausted the subject. Not'
only did he give advice, but he put it into
practical effect 'on his own stock farm.
- Whenever he was given an opportunity
to make a speech before a body of farm
ers he made it—a terse, forceful, homely
worded speech, direct, understandable,
without frills or furbelows. He told the
•farmers they must school themselves . to
become better farmers, to be broad-mind
ed farmeis.'not one-idea farmers.- I sup
pose if the number of farmers throughout
the Northwest who have been aided by
Mr. Hill, in a very direct and practical
way to ' increase and enrich their stock
should be enumerated it -would be found
that the list is a long and striking one.
Naturally, it was to his interests that the
farmers should produce that which would
keep his wheels turning, but it was some
thing far more to their individual interest
than. to his own.
His • Study of the Far East. -
6ne V of the peculiarities of Mr. Hill
though it may hardly, be 'called a pecu
liarity, for it is an attribute of all men
who are masters of their trade — is that
whatever he wants to know about he
wants io know about to the last degree;
he can leave nothing to conjecture. For
example, he saw In the Far East mag
nificent undeveloped possibilities -for for
eign -trade. He is a carrier of trade
products. He set himself to the task of
knowing China, .Japan and the whole
East. It is said that there are few men
in the United States who so thoroughly
know the Orient as does Mr. Hill— not en
cyclopedic or historical or ethnological
knowledge, necessarily, but that ¦ which
serves -as a basis for trade present and
trade to come — an intimate, personal
PERSONAL MENTION.
L. W. Klein, a merchant of Fresno, is
registered at the Lick.
Judge George D. Gear v of Honolulu Is
staying at the California.-
Mrs." Walter Hardy of Honolulu has
taken apartments .at the Occidental.
M. Sllverthorn,- a. wholesale clear "manu
facturer of New -York, is at the Lick. /
Mrs/. S . J. Dean and her daughter, . Mrs.
E. H.Guie, are guests at the California^
H. C. Lechner, who Is largely interested
in the oil business in -. Bakersfleld, is a
guest: at the Lick. ¦ •<"' \ ' - ¦' _•¦;
:Mrs. " Mary ¦ Preusa . came up ! from Los
Angeles yesterday and will be at the.Cali
fornia for two weeks. , '-, : -
William G. Oberteuffer, a prominent res
ident of Portland; Ore.', is among the late
arrivals at the California. '
John Mr Fuller of Buffalo returned yes
terday from Honolulu, where he has been
inthe interest of the Buffalo Pan-Ameri
can Exposition, , and registered i at the
Lick.. ¦:••:¦' ¦ v • r ~- :\ ¦;•: ;•
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CAL.1^ ;MOpAT^MAY' 6, H1901;
i "Well, '.who is laying off now?'.' asked. a
brakeman this morning, as a funeral pro
cession passed. . * . .
COBONADO TENT CITY.' Coronado Beach
Cal.. will be th» popular summer resort this
season. It became famous last year for com
fort,'.'„ entertainment and health. It* splendid
cafe was a wonder, the fishing unexcelled.
. -Pyrography outfits, sheepskins and fancy
woods ; for burning; cameras, albums and
books on photography. in' artists' material
department. Sanborn, JVail & Co.,- 741
Market street. ¦•¦';/¦ . ./ ,. -. , •
6
Call nnbscribera contemplating a change of
renldeaee dorlnc tbe summer months can hav»
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying; Tbe Call Business Office.
Tkls pujicr Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent in
all towns «n tbe coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWS FOR TEE SUMMER.
Alcazar— "Friends."
Grand Opera-house— "Son of Napoleon."
California — "The Lottery of Love."
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties. -
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
(renlng.
Fischer" s— Vaudeville.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day, m
AMUSEMENTS.
Central— "The Octoroon."
Tlvoll— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Sag Harbor."Wedding invitations and visiting cards
engraved and, printed!;';* Correct' forms and
moderate ; prices. Sanborn, Vail. & Co.,
741 Market street. . ¦ , •>¦,, •,
¦ ¦ -¦'?j88W i C!flRSS™wUi'''-:'yii;v.'. ¦ ; * ¦¦- .- .
Charles- Connell, .representative of , a
down-town house dealing"in;soldiersV.sup
plies,'. and M. Finger," proprietor, of a~store
near the Presidio, , got Into an altercation
yesterday,- afternoon" in , front' of the lat
ter's store :- and * finally '; came ' to - blows.-
Finger came out of the melee with an ugly
cut on ¦- the -ihead.-v- He preferred 'charges
against • Connell, „ and ;', the - latter ' was r ar
rested ' by. Officers * Mangan and ' Dugan.
" ¦'. ¦.-' ""• ¦' ¦ ' .
Rival Dealers', Fight. >
, Under the title "Men of California" the
Pacific Art Company is; compiling 'a yol :
ume which promises- to be invaluable as
a work of reference. Primarily cesigned
for the use of the- press,, it will -no doubt
find place in, the libraries of all those who
are Interested in the. history of • Califor
nia, as it will contain hundreds of engrav
ings of citizens of ¦ California . in all de
partments ,of trade and the professions.
The biographical ; data -is in condensed
form, dealing only ¦ with .-•¦ the vJ principal
events t of each life. Newspaper ' editors
will especially appreciate such a collection
of portraits/for it is more extensive than
anything of the kind heretofore published.-
California Book of Reference.':
aeronaut endeavoring to land as near as
possible to pome point that he had fixed
beforehand." By taking advantage of the
various air currents and skillfully manip
ulating the guide ropes, surprising results
were obtained. One aeronaut, after trav
eling thirty miles, landed within half a
mile of the goal he had set out for. The
greatest height attained by any of the
aeronauts was 27,000 feet. In the long
distance race six balloons started, and
three of them landed In Russia. About
1400 miles were traveled in thirty-seven
hours.— Montreal Star,
The balloon races and contests conduct
ed in connection with the Paris Exposi
tion -were productive of some very Inter
esting results. Every Sunday the spec
tacle was witnessed of a large number of
balloons starting on their Journay. "One
afternoon," says Lawrence Rotch, "sev
enteen balloons rose successively, each
Long Balloon Flights.
"One of the most desirable posts at
Windsor Castle," says a correspondent of
the Chicago Record; "is that of 'the King's
limner,' who in ancient times decorated
books and manuscripts with initial letters,
and who now prepares the parchment
commissions when his Majesty is pleased
to confer knighthood or some other honor
upon one of his subjects. The man who
now fills the post has extraordinary skill
with the pen and brush, and his diplomas
and certificates were greatly admired for
their exquisite taste and skillful execu
tion.. He receives a salary of $2500 . a
year. The clockmaker at Windsor Castle
receives the same compensation, and It is
his business to keep all the timepieces in
repair. The historiographer, who is sup
poted to keep a, record of events, holds an
hereditary office, with a salary of. $2500 a
year. The master of music. Sir Walter
Parrett, the famous organist, receives
$1500. and arranges concerts for his
Majesty's division. The surveyor of pic
tures is paid $1500, the librarian (who, by
the way. Is Richard R. Holmes, an emi
nent author), receives 52500; the examiner
of plays $1000, the keeper of tfco swans is
paid $300 and the bargemaster, who looks
after the boats used, by -the royCl family
at Windsor, has a similar compensation. "
—New York Tribune. '
Soft Jobs at Edward's Court.
A city magistrate has had before him
the following case:
A woman boarder in an uptown board
ir.p-house departed from the place a few
days ago, leaving her bill unpaid. In some
way which has not been explained her
false teeth passed into the hands of hsr
landlady, who announced that she would
hold them until the account was settled.
Thereupon the owner of the teeth sued to
recover them, and the court, after carp
fully considering the matter, ordered the
defendant to return them... This was dom*
sfter a good deal of protest, and the
piaintiff, with her powers of articulation
marvelously restored, went on her way re
joirlng.
This case Is by no means as trivial as
It may appear on the surface. It Involves
a question of property rights which vital
ly concerns the social fabric Teeth aro
teeth, be they natural or artificial. an«l
had the court In the present case ruled
that a set of false one'3 could be seized
for debt It mistat have followed by infer
ence that those supplied by nature, espe
cially If they had later been filled with
gold, might be extracted to satisfy a
creditor's judgment
Think of a dentist, armed with a war
rant, coming into your house, and theio
against your will extracting two or three,
gold-filled molars and handing over the
bullion value thereof to your butcher or
the ice man! Had that principle been, up
held there Is no telling the limits to which
the process of confiscation might have
been carried. For if it were applicable to
false teeth it would have been to cork
legs also, and to glass eyes, to wigs and
ear trumpets. The learned judge In the
case under review has clearly taken soud
gTound in support of the Integrity of our
social system and the unity, even if some
what patched, of many of its members.—
New York Mall and Express, -r.vf \V ,
a Peculiar Case.
LEGAL STATUS OF FALSE TEETH.
Learned Judge of Ne-w York Rules" in
with the death of the "Eaglet." Miss
Stone will be supported by Jack Webster
and the Morosco stock company.
"The Idol's Eye" to-night* begins its
fifth and last week at the Tivoli for this
season. The pretty opera has had a most
successful run and will be followed by
another favorite opera, new to San Fran
cisco, "The Toy Maker of Audran." Uyj
The Agoust family will continue to as
tonish the Orpheum audiences this week
with their hair-raising, juggling perform
ances; Mclntyre and Heath, classic coons,
are also splendid holdovers from , last
week, and Hamilton Hill has been re-en
gaged for one week only. The four Hunt
ings, Zeb and Zarrow and the. Patterson
brothers are newcomers and Barnes and
Sisson are still on the bill.
The Columbia Minstrel Company, well
and favorably known from their monthly
entertainments at Odd Fellow's Hall, will
give a series of performances at the Al
hambra beginning next Saturday night,
with the only matinee on Sunday. There
are over sixty talented burnt-cork artists,
singers,, dancers, comedians and vaude
ville-performers In the organization,
which will compare favprably with many
road companies. Stage Manager W. W.
Brackett, just returned from New York,
has brought the latest metropolitan song
successes.' Prices will be popular. -
V At Fischer's Concert-house the new
programme will include Belle'Wilton, an
operatic vocalist, direct from New York;
Evans, Devees and Evans, refined sketch
artists; De Boe, a trapezist, styled ; "the
upside down man": Murdock and De
Camp, in their original conceit, "Revela
tions" ; Maybelle Bowmaft, the pleasing
soubrette, and the Golden West trio.
Slgnor G. S. Wanrell, basso cantante, will
enter upon' his last week with a complete
change of selections.
The new bill which'opens at the Chutes
to-day Includes Powers and : Freed , musi
cal-artists; Carroll - the .:. whistler: the
Samayoas on the ¦ flying - trapeze;. Gua
Leonard, German comedian; Thatcher and
Chenowith, . sketch artists: : Maud' Mcln
tyre, in character impersonations, and a
series of new moving. pictures. . . .
.- Fireworks— John - Ross, : chairman: ' Ludwig
Slebe, Peter D.- .. Flndlay,' ¦ John Swan '' and
George '.W. ¦ Paterson.*':: ¦ . \ ;. .- :
- Finance — Thomas Christie,'- chairman; ' Donald
McLeod, Robert Murray and" Peter D. Findlay. '.
'Preparations for thb 'annual gathering
and games of j the Scottish Thistle Club,
which 'will be" held this, year 'at ; Shell
Mound Park on July-14, are already Jn
progress.; Both the day and evening will
be ' devoted to merriment and many new
and novel features, some , of which have
not yet been witnessed on this coast, will
be included in ¦ the .; programme. • One of
the special features of this year's gather
ing will be a magnificent souvenir ' pro
gramme, which is now in course of prep
aration. < .... It will be a • work - of art', «- well
worthy of preservation. A . novel \ event
will.be the . introduction of clowns, and
the list of. athletic contests will comprise
games of all-nations. -This will add a cos
mopolitan interest to .the sport. .¦ ..
-The .committees : havings the- arrange
ments In charge ; are as,' follows:
Advertising— John Ross,, chairman; Alexan
der i.Stang and George ,W. Paterson. . , -
'-¦ Invitations— Alexander " Stang, . ¦.' chairman;
Robert «H.~ Murray. and Donald McLeod.
• Printing— George'. ,W.' Paterson, -.¦ chairman;
Thomas • Christie "and -¦ Robert H. i Murray Hit
Music— Peter D.Findlay,; chairman; Alex
ander , Stang . and David Young. -• \ . ; ¦¦;. ,¦ : ..
- Prizes— Robert H. ' Murray, chairman ; . George
Miller.' George W. Paterson, . David Young and
John Ross, trf ¦ '-. ' . , r J - . - - .
Souvenir jj \ Programme of Artistic
Merit to Be One. of the Special j ;
IHISTLE, CLUB PREPARES
FOR | ANNUAL FESTIVAL
The Grand Opera-house for a second
time this season will present "The Son of
Napoleon." As its 'press agent ingenious
ly puts It: "We-have recently seen Mme.
Bernhardt as the Duke -of Relchstadt in
"L'Alglon" and we shall now have an op
portunity of seeing Florence Stone in the
same character in "The Son, of Napo
leon.V The plot is laid among: the same
scenes .as the Rostand drama and-ends
The Central revives this week IMon
Boucicault's - "The Octoroon," a .play
somewhat on' the order of "Uncle Tom's
Cabin." The play will have a very ef
fective setting 1 ,, the scenery and mountings
to be on an. unusually elaborate scale, and
the . Central forces having: been consider
ably augmented to provide the large cast
necessary for the play. Monday, after
next Terry -McGovern will appear at this
house in "The Bowery After, Dark." Ho
will spar four rourds each night with
Dougherty. . -
The Alcazar, in consequence of the large
demand for seats, will . continue "The
Conquerors"'- for another week and
"Friends," announced for this evening,
will follow. - ' -
"Sag Harbor," James A. Herne's new
play, will be the strong attraction at the
Columbia* this week. Eastern critics have
awarded this latest Herne production/very,
high praise and in comparing it with the
playwright's - ' former pastoral, "Shore
Acres," have almost unanimously given
the palm to "Sag Harbor." The original
New York 'cast, with the exception of
James A. Herne- himself, will be heard
here and all the mountings of the orig
inal production have been brought across
the continent. -
"Barbara Freitchle" will be "President's
week" programme.
Seriously HI. "\
Among the passengers on the Zealandia,
which arrived from Honolulu yesterday,
was Judge George D. Gear,* who was re
cently appointed to a" judgeship in the
Hawaiian Islands by President McKinley.
"Judge Gear is here to learn . f urtnfer par
ticulars regarding 'the serious illness of
his fiancee,, who- is now in Italy. . After
registering at the California Hotel, he
went immediately to the residence of the
family of the young lady, and shouH any
danger attach to her illness Judge Gear
will immediately proceed to: join her.
A fellow passenger with Judge Gear was
Wray /.Taylor, Commissioner . of \ Agricul
ture-in Hawaii. Mr. Taylor is here to
visit his wife, who, is also seriously 111,
having been obliged to leave the islands
on that account. Mr. Taylor. wilf_meet
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson, who ac
companies the Presidential^, party in its
sojourn on, this Coast, and will Invite him
to visit the islands. -.
Fiancee Is Reported to Be
May Proceed to Italy, Where His
The merry comedy is admirably given
by the Neill company and is good war
rant for a hearty laugh from the gravest
play-goer. "The Lottery of Love," as is
well -remembered, deals with the mother
in-law question, with the delightfully'
ridiculous complication of making the di
vorced wife of the much mother-in-lawed
hero his mother-in-law: the s«conQ. Mr.
Neill as the hero in auestion lias a con
genial role and, while * the part affords
him little opportunity for the kind of
quiet, restrained and sometimes under
drawn portraiture he most commonly af
fects, there is a snap and vigor and real
fun that Is very refreshing in h'.s
Adolphus Doubledot. John: W. Burton
does a very clever sketch of Buttercorn,
the father-in-law of Adolphus, who also
goes wrong on the mother-in-law topic,
and Frank McVicars is an , acceptable
Sam Merrimac. - '.- ¦ . -
The mother-in-law herself is played with
convincing shrewishness by Lillian An
drews, who makes a most -formidable
figure out of Mrs. Zenobla Sherrams. Julia
Dean Is charming as Jo, the young wile,
and Edythe Chapman is a clever Diana-
JUDGE GEAR OF HAWAII
ARRIVES IN THIS CITY
A crowded house "greeted, the Neill com
pany last night at the California in the
bright Daly adaptation from the French,
"The Lottery of Love," with entre- acts
by the "Terrible Terry's" official J'an
nouncer," Joe Humphreys. It is difficult
to say which , attracted most attention,
"The Lottery of Love" or the Terry Mc-
Govern box, after his famous "announcer"
had made his and the presence of the little
virtuoso of the prize ring known in the
usual fashion. Certain it is that when the
heavy-weight Humphreys guffaw sent up
the curtain on McGovern just at the be
ginning of the second act there was con
siderable confusion as to where all the
applause belonged, but stage and ' prize
ring bowed acknowledgments in happy
accord. . '
LONDON, May 6.— According to a dis
patch to the Daily Mall, the Ameer of
Afghanistan has sent an agent to Ger
many to purchase fcix batteries of Krupp
guns for Cabu. »
Ameer Buys Krupp Guns.
RIO JANEIRO. May 5.— Dr. Las.. Casas
of this city says he has discovered a cure
for tuberculosis by injecting patients with
a vegetable extract. He intends to pre
sent a reoort on the alleged cure to the
University of Berlin.
Rio Janeiro Doctor Claims to Have
Found a New Cure for Con
sumption. ; *
INJECTS HIS PATIENTS N>
WITH VEGETABLE EXTRACT
BERLIN, May .5.— It is now virtually
certain that Baron von Rheinbaben, Prus
sian Minister of the Interior, will succeed
Dr. von Miauel as Minister of Finance,
and that General Podbietski, Minister of
Posts and Telegraphs, will take the port
folio -of Agriculture. It is believed that
Dr Rothman Hollweg, Governor of
Brandenburg, will succeed Baron vom
Rheinbaben. - -- • ,
Governor of Brandenburg Expected to
Become Prussian Minister of
the Interior.
SEVERAL CHANGES IN"
THE GERMAN CABINET
GRENNA, Sweden, May 5.— While Bar
oness Augusta von Dusen was removing
a patient named Miss Nehrmann to a
hospital for nervous diseases here she be
came violent, seized a knife and .stabbed
tho Baroness and her three daUgnters.
One of the daughters died. The patient
then escaped into the village, clad only in
her underclothing, and tried to force an
entrance into several houses. She at
tacked and wounded five- persons before
being overpowered.
Baroness von Dusen and Her Three
Daughters Among the
Victims. .
MANY PERSONS STABBED
BY .DEMENTED PATIENT
AKRON, Ohio, May 5.— Two Northern
Ohio traction cars collided at the foot of
a steep hill on North Howard street this
afternoon and about a dozen, people were
injured. The cars were loaded with pas-
F.engers and were traveling close together.
For some reason the brakes on the second
car failed to work 'and it dashed down
the hill at a terrific rate of "speed, strik
ing the forward cax, which had stopped;
to take on more passengers. Strange to
say, none of the passengers on the second
car were injured except Motorman Scott,
who sustained serious internal injuries.
The rear platform of the forward car was
crowded and all on the platform were
more or less injured. The more seriously
hurt are:
John Rausch, left leg crushed; George
Authenreith, foot crushed; John Hobacht,
leg crushed; Miss Georgia Copp, injured
about hips; William T. Sawyer, attorney,
internally; A. B. Scott, motorman,* inter
nally: James Mitchell, legs broken.
SERIOUS COLLISION
BETWEEN TRACTION" CABS
Motonnan and Several Pasengers H3
ceive Injuries That May-
Prove Fatal.
Major and- Mrs. Darling at last ac
counts had returned to Stuttgart, after
spending Easter week In Vienna, i
The Misses Hurley haVe left for their
home in Boston after spending several
months here as the guests of Miss Jen
nie-Blair.
I hear that Mrs. Genevieve Goad-Martin
has changed her mind apropos of a sec
ond trip to Japan, and will leave with
the Murnhys for a grand tour of Eu
rope. • By the time the Murphys return
from abroad their new home, now in
process of construction out on Broad
way, will be ready for occupancy.
? *. - ..*
Mrs. Josselyn and the Misses . Josselyn
sailed for Europe on the 30th of April.
Clarence Follis has moved into his at
tractive bachelor's nest at San Mateo.
Clarence is a most popular soung man,
with a big heart and a plethoric purse,
and I do not think I am striving to give
myself out as a prophet when T say that
there will be gay times down there. An
other popular and wealthy young fellow
who. has decided. upon a bachelor's hall
out of town is Emile Bruguiere.
Bruguiere Is putting up a place at Mon
terey, not far from the Hugh Tevis res
idence. I understand that Emile's place
wi.l be ready for occupancy before sum
mer is over. • , • .
I saw some stunning gowns at the Van
Ness Alumnae luncheon at the Knicker
bocker last week. I fell In love
on sight with Mrs. Milton Pray's
cute little .jacket . of 'tucked black
silk and . vest and reveres of white
satin studded with turquoise. Mrs.
Cora Meyerstein looked stunning in the
combination she so affects- 1 — white and
black. ' .Her dress- was of white silk,
shot /with black. The . skirt was made
en train and trimmed with innumerable
little white chiffon flounces edged with
black. The effect of the whole gown
was extremely stylish. \ ..
•¦-.•¦.•-¦¦. '. ¦
. MISS DAISY VAN^NESS, A CHARMING SAN FRANCISCO BELLE, WHO
IS TO BE MAID OF HONOR AT THE THOMAS-McMULLEN WED
DING- ON WEDNESDAY NEXT. ' \\
i "I invite all of you who are present," he
said, "to come and help 'Mrs. Sloss and
myself celebrate our golden wedding in
1905." The invitation was; accepted with
acclamation. .- ¦ ., ' : ¦ . _| .
Sweet, charming Mollie Thomas has
been putting in some busy days lately
making the final purchases for her trous
seau. I have not seen Mollie's things yet,
but I stand ready to wager that the outfit
is the daintiest, prettiest and most stylish
of any trousseau that was ever built to
make a trusting bride's tender heart glad.
I deem Mollie Thomas trie most fashion
able girl in this city. I have never known
a girl to wear her clothes with more style
and I certainly know. of no girl who dis
plays the rare good taste Mollie does in
selecting them. Any one who has seen
Miss Thomas these last few days busily
shopping in her trim tailor suit, with its
short skirt, her .natty jacket . and
rough white English , straw hat,
will bear me - out in my asser
tion 'that it is not clothes that makes
Mollie ¦ Thomas, but she that makes the
clothes.' Only one girl in a thousand can
take away the ungainly look for a short
tailor skirt and make it appear a garment
of grace and beauty. Mollie Thomas Is
that girl. . v. ¦ - < ; v
The old Tevis home is quiet and lonely
these days without the ' sunshiny pres T
ence of sweet Florence" Breckinridge.
Florence is off to Europe with her aunt,
Mrs. Will Tevis, and Mrs. Lloyd Tevis
is all alone in the Taylor-street home,
a-^ungering after her- favorite grand
child. . ' r " . , , ;
Susie Blanding, however, is going to
make a strong effort to drive away her
grandmother's ennui. She is going to give
up some of her social duties and devote
most of her time to her grandmother.
Florence Breckinridge has not yet come
"out." Susie Blanding is a full-fledged
belle; and that Is how it is, that Flor
ence had more timo for grandma than
Susie had." ' . ; ' ".
NEILL COMPANY ADMIRABLY GIVES
"LOTTERY OF LOVE" AT CALIFORNIA
OUT on Pacific avenue two ladies
have come as near calling each
other names as ladies of high
social standing dare to. They
have been fighting about a Chi
nese cook, and their quarrel has made
John's salary climb $5 per week. John is
conceded to be without exception the
finest cook on' the avenue. For six years
he ruled the kitchen in one fashionable
home, and the peace and happiness which
always attend good digestion hovered o'er
It. So as not to complicate matters, I will
call the charming mistress who presided
over this horn? Mrs. F.
A bit farther out on the avenue is an
other fashionable home with an equally
charming mistress. This lady, who for
convenience sake I shall call Mrs. T., had
had all sorts of cooks in her kitchen, and
each had proved equally as, unsatisfac
tory. Mrs. T. was almost frantic. The
day set for the marriage of her daughter
was rapidly approaching, and it was as
much as she could do to give her atten
tion to the trousseau without bothering
about the cook. " At this stage in- the
game she had a brilliant idea,; She went
down to Mrs. F.'s home, rang, the bell,
and when John came, in answer to her
ring, offered him then and there $2.50
more per week than Mrs. F. was giving
him. if he would come and do her family
cooking. ¦ " .
Of course, John went. The brow of Mrs.
T. had just regained its usual serene look,
and her family had for exactly two weeks
enjoyed the blessing of- good cooking,
¦when bright and eaxly one morning Mrs.
F. marched up to • Mrs. T.'s door and
tinkled her door-bell. John answered the
ring. Mrs. F. took her cue from a pre
vious conversation John had held with
Mrs. T.. and a few days afterward the
famous cook was back in the F. kitchen,
with the difference that he was earning
$5\more per week than he originally had.
But he was hardly a fortnight in, the F.
cuisine when his mistress 'came' upon, him
unexpectedly, and said: "John, I have
decided to discharge you. I just got you
back out of spite, but my sense of honor
rebels against employing a servant so
easy and ready to be. bought as you are.
You have your two days' notice."* '
Mrs. T. was vainly trying to enjoy burnt
steak for breakfast when John came upon
her. "I come back to you,", he said.
"You allee same give me $2. 50 more— same
wages as Mrs. F." Mrs.\T. argued, but
in vain. She looked at the burnt, tough
steak on her plate, and John triumphed, a
That is the story as I have here told it.
I don't, however, know whether I. should
consider it a merry tale or a sad one
with a moral.
• .* • • .
I have been told that Mrs. Will Crocker
has gone in for Christian science, and that
the results are not only beneficial, but re
markably noticeable. Mrs. Crocker, al
ways gracious and kind, has become even
more so under the treatment. Her usual
haughty . mien, only skin deep, however,
has entirely disappeared, and she is now
in appearance as she has always been in
fact— sweet, charming, unselfish and gra-;
cious. ¦-- j - ,-- ¦¦¦'¦-•'
• . • *
I never saw such >a ¦wealth of gorgeous
silver, crystal and costly bric-a-brac as
that which Mrs. Milton Esberg (Carrie
Lilienthal) received as wedding presents.
And I do not believe that a half-hundred
of these rnany magnificent offerings were
the gift of those outside the immediate
family' of Lillsnthal and Esberg. It is a
lovely thing to have such an extensive
family, especially as in this case, when
each and every name is good for at least
a half-million on 'Change.
Mr. and Mrs. Esberg only flitted, away
for a few days' honeymooning. They are
to be back this week to attend the
silver wedding of the young bride's
parents and then leave for an extended;
trip to Honolulu. One of the pretty fea
tures of the Lilienthal-Esberg wedding
was the speech at the bridal breakfast
made by Louis Sloss, the maternal grand
father of the bride. Miss Lilienthal was
'the first" of his many grandchildren to be
married, and the venerable gentleman was
happier even than it is his usual wont to
be. • .
The railroad market was decidedly ner
vous and excited. The other markets,
however, were little affected and their
tone remained firm. Prices generally were
better except Canadian Copper shares,
which went lower in I sympathy with
American shares.
The slump of Saturday, however, was
serious, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fa
fell 1%. Union Pacific fell 7 points, Balti
more and Ohio 8^, Northern Pacific fell 7,
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul and New
York Central 5, Chesapeake and Ohio,
Louisville and .Nashville, and Southern
Pacific fell each 4^, while Norfolk and
Western and Baltimore and * Ohio pre
ferred fell 4 points, and most of the other
American securities showed declines.
BERLIN, May 5.— Although the Boerse
greeted the political developments of last
week Jubilantly they were not sufficient
to inaugurate a bull market. Even in this
city official circles were .gratified at the
fall of Herr von Miquel and Herr Brefelot,
believing that a reform of the Boerse law
is now made more practicable. . The finan
cial reviews point out that the Berlin
Boerse was almost uninfluenced by New
York. While the general tone was rather
flrro, business was very, dull. One feature
of the week was a revival of interest in
domestic loans, owing to the great abun
dance of money. Imperial and Prussian
threes gained 30 pfennings and the new
threes 40 pfennings.
Interest in foreign rentes was very light-
The same is true of bank stock. Munici
pal funds were more quiet.
The American situation continued strong
and the general attitude of the public re
mains skeptical. Nevertheless, says the
Frankfurter Zeitung, some speculators
are buying American railway shares. The
Vossische Zeitung and the Frankfurter
Zeitung profess to have discovered much
disappointment among German holders
because of too early a sale of Americans.
Some Journals continue to warn investors.
" The National Zeitung says to-day:
"The Wall street movement has reached
the bounds of crazy over-confidence and
financiers here are expecting a crash."
J. Pierpont Morgan's purchase of the
Leyland steamship line is discussed. The
Vossische Zeitung says:
"The transaction involves an earnest
warning for Germany to put forth her
utmost exertions to survive the struggle.
The Berliner Tageblatt says: .
"Unquestionably there is danger ahead
for the iron industry in Europe."
LONDON, May 5.— Local business on the
Stock Exchange has been quieter during
the past week, but dealings in American
securities have been on an enormous
scale, with much animation and many
fluctuations in prio.ee. After Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe touched 92%, Lnion
Pacific 113. New York Central 172. North
ern Pacific 119, Chicago, Milwaukee and
St Paul 187, Southern Pacific 58%, all
these securities closed materially lower,
but still above the best prices of last
week, while only Erie preferred, Missouri
Pacific, Pennsylvania, and Wabash closed
lower than a week ago.
German Press Sees Danger
Ahead for European Iron
Industry. .
Shares in American Rail
ways Finding Favor
With Speculators.
BERLIN BDERSE
IS RATHER FIRM
To the Honorable S. E. Kalue. President of
the Senate— Sir: The resolution of the Senate
requesting an extension of the present regular
session of the Legislature has been presented
to me by the special committee of the Senate.
The law provides for a special session of the
Legislature In case there Is an adjournment
of a regular cession without the enactment of
the necessary appropriations for the conduct
of the government during the succeeding bien
nial period. The Legislature therefore has the
power to compel the calling of a special ses
sion for this purpose. The methods of the
present session have been wasteful of both
time and money, and there is little to show
for a larce expenditure of public funds.
Under the circumstances it seems to me that
It 1* unreasonable for the Legislature to look
for both a. special session and an extension of
the regular cession as well, with their Inev
itable accompanying large expenses.
The delay in enacting the appropriations has
continued to so late a period that all expecta
tion of such legislation before the expiration
of this session by limitation of time appears
now to be hopeless, and the calling of a spe
cial session to be imperative. Such limita
tion of time will, I submit, take effect on
Tuesder, the 50th day of April. •
I cannot, therefore, accede to the request of
the Senate, failing euch appropriations. Very
respectfully, SAKFORD B. DOLE.
Sans Souci, April 25, 190L ¦
Both Houses Work Hard.
The effect of the Governor's decision
Tras to make both houses work hard to
press forward pendine bills as deemed
of chief importance. Last nigrht the Sen
ate completed the second reading of the
county bill after the House, and it will
probably pass third reading: to-day.
Emmeluth has not yet produced his
taxation measures, but the Republican
minority of the Joint Committee on
Finance has turned in a makeshift reve
nue measure. They confess that they
have been working- on the subject the
<?ntire session without coming to any
definite conclusion, and conclude as be
lo?r, at the same time submitting bills to
the same effect:
We recommend that the tax on property be
raised from 1 per cent to 1% per cent; that
the inheritance tax be increased and graded;
that the tax on 'large carts and wagons be in
creased, and that the poll tax be abolished.
The legislative expenses appropriation
of $45,000 was all exhausted day before
yesterday; at least it was down to 45
cents. Yet that very morning a Repre
sentative proposed tne astounding extrav
agance of providing every member with
a fountain pen. He was seriously sup
ported by others, on the plea that it
would save ink. Hoogs ironically moved
in amendment that it be two fountain
pens and a house and lot thrown in.
The House has repassed the general
gambling license bill. Several liquor bills
ar; pending. One is to divorce the sale.
wholesale and retail, from that of all
other merchandise.
Uaihray Controversy Decided.
The Supreme Court has rendered a
decision in the long-standing street rail
way controversy. The Hawaiian Tram
ways Company is adjudged to have
no right to lay a double track since it
elected, when building its line a dozen
years ago, to lay a single track system.
Neither has it the right now to use elec
tricity, having allowed the time limit of
it? amended charter to that effect to
lapse. It is also declared to have no ex
clusive franchise on - any street. On the
other hand, the Honolulu Rapid Transit
and Lir.d Company is adjudged the priv
ilege of lajing its track along King
Ftreet, from Kuuanu Stream to Thomas
Square, a distance of about a mile, par
alleling the Tramways line. This, how
ever, with the reservation that the pub
lis is supposed to be consulted on the
matter.
Last night the House passed on second
reading: a bill giving the Tramways Com
pany the privilege of employing elec
tricity. »
The trial of Captain Sodergren and Sec
ond Mate Stuart of the bark Hesper
for assault on the high seas is still on
in the Federal court. The captain has to
face another indictment of the same kind
Elnply.
A case of smallpox has appeared among
Porto Ricans on the island of Kauai, who
were landed at Honolulu by the steamer
Zealandia six weeks ago. All mails from
the mainland are fumigated here now
through fear of infection. The Board
of Health finds that it has this power,
but not that of placing quarantine re
strictions upon passengers from ports
not declared infected.
The Federal Grand Jury made its re
port to I'nited States Judge Estee yes
terday. The report, like the charge to
the jury, deals largely with the stock
ade at iTvilei. The Jury finds that the
laws regarding such places are being
violated, as well as the laws regarding
involuntary servitude; but says that evi
dence to warrant prosecutions cannot be
floured against any individuals. It is
recommended that the stockade be abol
ished.
Senate:
HONOLULU. April 27.— The fiat has
srone forth that there is to be no exten
sion of the legislative session. Governor
Dole sent the following message to the
Governor Dole So In
forms Lawmakers
of Hawaii
Expense Appropriation Is Ex
hausted and Both Houses
Hurry "Work.
Fpeclal Correspondence of The Call.
NO EXTENSION
IF LEGISLATURE
STOKES' SOCIETY
IS FLOURISHING
Institution in Russia Cel
ebrates an Anni
versary.
Minister of Finance Asked . to
':_. Inquire Into a Bank's
Methods.
' ST. PETERSBURG, May 5.— The Young
Men's Society for Moral and Physical De
velopment, founded in St.'- Petersburg by
James Stokes .'of .New York under, the
protection of Prince Alexander of Olden
burg, celebrated this evening its first six
months of existence. Prince Alexander
opened the meeting and addresses were
delivered by President Tevaninoff and
Secretary Sidironoff. '.
The objects of th& society are virtually
Identical with the Young Men's Christian
Association in the United States. The so
ciety now has nearly 800 members. Two
members have been elected to the June
conference of the Young Men's Christian
Association in Boston and will attend the
function. . , .
Although the entire trans-Siberian rail
way is now open for~ traffic Americans
should not fall into the error of. assum
ing that a journey -by rail between Vladi
vostok and Moscow is yet possible. The
line ends at the. Chinese frontier and the
Manchurian railway will not be finished
this year, i River 'traffic continues exceed
ingly difficult. _ v
M. de "Witte, Minister of Finance, has
received a delegation representing share
holders of the International Bank, who
have been urging^him to inspect the bank
and inquire into the methods of manage
ment. The Minister promised to give the
petition his consideration.
SICIETY : PACIFIC AVENUE QUARREL
OVER VALUED CHINESE COOK
-BY SALLY SHARP,
7
THE SAK FRANCISCQ CALL, ; MONDAY, MAY 6; 1901.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AT>y r7KfI"'T>*t«:m mim-itI
TELEPHONE ': STffc* '
GRANT S3. rrfj Aj gfl t%afl Wm
222-224- S UTTER ST. _
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
MONDAY -TUESDAY -WEDNESDAY
OUyb O'fl, Ige tot 48c
L. L. & Co.'s.. Imported.
Sardines', Bezier's 2 R £ tin 20c
Boneless— finest French.
Sweet Wines, 5 Re Tsoi d 3 tots $1100
Angelica. Port, Sherry. Muscatel. Ma-
laga. Tokay. Catawba and Madeira.
Claret or Burgundy, .gal6Sc
Regularly J1.0O gallon.
Old wines— exceptional value.
TTnn Ten different kinds J 11. IA.
ICd, Ourhigh- 2 rad.5Qc 1 ID 4UC
Gall Soap; g-SSf - cake 20c
Removes grease and all kinds of spots
on Bilks or woolens without Injury.
Hungarian Salami, ,s£ Ib 60c
-- Just from Budapest.
German Pickles, %* qt 10c
Dllgurken; Imported,
Marmalade, 22SSS Jar 20c
Regularly 23c.
Dates, "Fard" :££& Ib 10c
Table Raisins, 6 crown Shifts 35c
Imperial cluster; finest quality.
Hall Brashes, $£8? 25c
t Solid back.
Brilliantine, 2JSS tot 25c
For beard or hair,
YinegarK g& gal 35c
If - Cider R«fr fin] OR«
35a 5<U mJC
Our best.
Chocolate "Vigor," Ib 55c
Hauswald's Kraft. Beg. 63c Ib.
fidaiie All leading imported and
WgOra Key West Brand*.
Our MAY CATALOGUE is of
special attraction— FREE.
Upalace hotel**
"Visitors to San Prandaco who mako
their headauarters at these hotels en-
joy comf orts and conveniences not to
b« obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca.
' tion, courteous attaches and un equaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
-*GRAND HOTEL** j
AMUSEMENTS.
tftftl IHBU9BIA saji rsAS ciscirs
vULUnflDIA LEAQLIQ THEATRE
2 Week* TTO-NintiT'
' beginning 1 .y i^l I VIII 1 • ¦
Every Night (Including Sunday). Matinee
- Saturday.
FIRST TIME HERE.
THE ORIGIKAL PRODUCTION.
Direct From Its Triumphs In the Hast.
"Better than 'Shore Acres.' "—Chicago Times-
Herald.
JAMES A. HERNE'S Latest Comedy and
. Greatest Success.
SAG HARBOR.
A STORY- OF HEART AND HOME* " -
THE FLAY OF THE GENERATION.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
THE FOUR HUNTINGS. ZEB AND ZARROW.
PATTERSON BROTHERS.
INGHAM., BARNES AND SISSON. ALT
GRANT. THE BIOGRAPH.
And Two of the "World's Most Popular At-
tractions, ;v
THE AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRB AND HEATH.
'Reserved Seats. 23 cents; Balcony. 10 cents;
Opera chairs and Box Seats. 50 cents.
Matinees "Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday. -
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
* Commencing TO-NIGHT,
Grand Scenic Production of a Romantic His-
torical Play,
SOW OF 1
NAPOLEON.
FLORENCE STONE as tha DUKE DB
REICHSTADT.
JACK WEBSTER as MICHEL LAMBERT.
PRICES— 10c, lac, Kc, 50c. A few seats 73c.
A good reserved* seat in orchestra Saturday and
: - Sunday Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
fiL-r w eat R kT A>
TO-NIGHT—
TO-MORROW NIGHT and Balance of "Week.-
,- ¦ • • Farewell Performances.
THE
CONQUERORS.
I MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
¦\ SPRING MEETING— Opening April ».
; CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUtf.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and . Saturday. - Rain or shine.
, Five or ' more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
> Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1," 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping , at the entrance- to th«
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. - All trains via
Oakland mole connect ' with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak- .
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. ¦ These electric cars ,
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
'Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:45 P. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
FT^OHFR'^ concert, house.
riiWlUnS Admission lOc.
• - Belle Wilton,- - Evans, Devees and - Evans,
De ¦ Boe, Murdock and DeCamp, O. S. Wan-
rell.-- Maybelle Bowman and the Golden West
t Trio '' j ¦¦•¦'¦
I ¦ • Reserved Seats, 25c. ' Matinee Sunday. .
SUTRO BATHS
U/li-L OPEN 1 1NIGHTS
ON AND AFTER .
SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
NOT NATURAL,
but certainly the best substitute —
TEETH
on plates such as we furnish at mod-
erate prices perform all the functions o!
natural "teeth with comfort and satisfac-
tion, to the wearer. Handsome in ap-
pearance and very durable.
Full Sets on Rubber $5.00.
CHALMERS~DENTAL CO.,
San Francisco. 133 Powell St.
DR.MEYERS&CO, JfpP%
ease and Weakness ffij&t ¦ .-T
of men. Estab- Tf&j.
lishedl88L Consul- Wffl X^#^^
tation and private \5b>. I ./-At
book free, at office Jw^Si*
or by mail. Cures ¦ YwSm^m^sSf
guaranteed.. 71$ 1 N8nJM3*fi\W
Market street (ele- A/f^^^r
San Francisco. ' .^J^i^iiF^aHESs^
'ABTD-JSEJEENTS. "
BEtASCOAmoTHAiXS^jfetf^
V Beginning TO-NIGHT— All This Week.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday. ,; '-;- V -
"T^'H"^' MAGNIFICENT
\ 11.JL9 REVIVAL OF
OCTOROON!
The Big Production of the Season,
"plantation Scenes and Melodies, Buck and "Wing
Dancing, Colored Choruses, Etc. •
PDirCG ¦ EVENINGS....'. '.10c, 15c,.25c, 33c, 50c
InlWC5 MATINEES.. ........ ......10c, 15c, 25c
Next 'Week— TERRY McGOVERN in hia Great
Success, "The Bowery After Dark." •
U SB gf By H
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
— THIS IS THE LAST WEEK!
DON'T MISS THE BRILLIANT
"HOOT MOK."
"f BE TOYMAKER" Monday, May I3th.
First Time in This City.
POPULAR PRICES.. ;.............. :..25<fand 50c
'-r:,~ Telephone— Bush 9. _¦.'. -.
TONIGHT.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY,
MR. JAMES NEILL
, AND THE, NEILL COMPANY,
Presenting August in Daly's Laughing Comedy
.-¦ . . . .:. Success,
"THE LOTTERY OF LOVE"
cnrhi 1 1 popular matinees every
j" fctlAL THURSDAY.
r'^-7 PRICES..... ..;....;... .JSc and-B0c
EVENINGS.:.. ........ ..-.25c. 3Sc,~50c. 73c. J1.00
SATURDAY. MATINEE....... 25c,' 60c. 75o
- Next — Sunday, ' May 12, ¦ to greet- th« nation's
President, * 'BARBARA FRIETCHIE.'! . Seats
ready Thursday. '
CHLJFTES^and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
POWERS AND .."FREED, THE SAM-
OYAS, ; MAITD McINTYBE, GTJS
¦LEONABD," THATCHER /AND
CHI2TOWITH, CABROLIi THE
¦ .WHISTLES.
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
AMATEUR KI^ THURSDAY.
Telephone for : Seats^-Park ' 23.
f see TMkT clip? -.] 5 universal lestKj
iwicKfttOTi -V niony orpeople.who wear-ij
V vvv^t V/ Adjustable to Any ;\|
¦ V^ ¦{(/ ¦''¦'' - Kind, of Eye-:. .B
i \S^?£^ glasses. ¦ " n
h-^itl ¦/-• OUR EYEGLASSES Ik
* hill.*Ma ' ajaA - Spectacles v are «I
f^532W3W better, wear longer, Vl
t^Ss?"*^*-' are thoroughly com- a
. . , ' j . ¦ fortable from first to ,'JH ;
last .'and cost 'no more ; than 'other." U'
i« Klasses;in short, they, represent the — VI-
• &¦ - perfection of eyeglass manufacture. " B
si Oculists', - : prescriptions ¦'..: accurately >/l
f. compounded. ' '. " '. , ¦ - : {I
v . :it will surprise you how cheaply r \l
[\ ','. we are selling: goods in our Camera, •'¦'¦¦
4 Photo Supplies, ¦•' Cutlery and Barber', ft
)/ ~ Supplies i Departments. • - •„ . II ¦
I U\Ve give special attention to mail [la
r , '. '. orders. • - • • ¦¦ t|THE BARK HESPER, WATER-LOGGED AND ON HER BEAM EXDSOFF. THE CHINESE' COAST. THE CAP
TAIN OF THIS NOW FAMOUS VESSEL, IS AGAIN IN TROUBLE,' HAVING BEEN ¦ CONVICTED OF "CRU
ELTY ON THE HIGH SEAS" IN HONOLULU. ''.*.. , v
¦ » " : • ' -, .' '
Steamer Movements.
given ' by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters. ' . :
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE,
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 5—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last, twenty
four hours: . , . •
San Francisco data: , Maximum temperature,
59; minimum, 47; mean, 5.V
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
NOTE — The . high and , low waters "- occur • at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) >. -about
iwenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the 1 same at both I places.
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times : and -Heights -of , High and' Low
Water* :'.¦ at • Fort Point, ' entrance to San
Francisco Bay." Published by official>au
. thority of ¦ the Superintendent. ..':¦¦ . .^ . '
Sun, Moon and. Tide.
ARRIVED.
- . i Sunday, May 5. •
Etmr Geo W Elder, 60% hours from Portland,
via Astoria 46% hours.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 66 hours from Wlllapa
Harbor. -- • ¦" ¦ . . ..
Stmr. Glosy, Leland,' 24 hours from- Moss
Landlns. t ....... a
Stmr Samoa, Gunderson, 23 hours from Moss
reka. - , >
Stmr Zealandia/ Dowdell, 7 days 16U hours
from Honolulu. • i . . .
Stmr Celia, Higrglns, 17 hours from Albion.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 64 -hours from
San Pedro. .... . . ' • .*
Stmr Oueen, Thomas, 50 hours from San
Dieso and way ports. ¦ • ¦•
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
U 8 stmr Eebert, Walton, 26 days from
Taku, via -Nagasaki 20 days. . - - ¦
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 63 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Bktn Gardiner City, WoKon, 20 days from
San' Marcos Island.. • ¦ . .- •. •
Schr Jennie Grlffln, Campbell, 5 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Forest, 4 days from
Gray* Harbors.
Rchr Mary* C, Campbell, 9 hours from - Bo
dega.
. SAILED.
Sunday, May 6.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Luclla, Madsen, ¦ -i — . •
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen, — '—. ¦
Brig J D Spreckels, McNeill, Guam.
Schr Salvator, - Asmussen, Bristol Bay..
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 5—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind northwest: velocity 20 miles per
hour. . »
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In May 5— Stmr
Farallon, from Dyea. Arrived May E — Stmr
Chas Nelson, from Dyea; schr John Q North,
from Hanamaulu. /, ¦
PORT LUDLOW-Salled i May 5— Schr Fred
E Sanders, for Cape Nome; schr Joseph ,Russ,
for Han Francisco. I ' - • '
SEATTLE— Sailed May 5— Schr Martha W
Tuft, for Yakutat. Arrived May 5— Stmr Far
allon, from Dyea; stmr Chas Nelson, from
HONOLULU— Arrived April 23— U' S stmr
Logran, hence April ,15; 24 — Stmr Ventura,
hence April 18: stmr China,' hence April 17;
Bchr Alice Cooke, from Port Gamble; 25— Ship
Tillie E Starbuck, from Kobe; , barks Snow and
Burgess, from Newcastle, Aus. ; 27 — U S stmr
Solace, hence April 20. Sailed April 23— Bark
Mohican, for San Francisco:' schr Jessie
Minor, for Eureka: 24— Stmr /Sierra, for San
Francisco; stmr Ventura, for Sydney; U S
stmr LoKan. for Manila; 25— Bktn Encore, for
Port Towns?nd; stmr China, for Yokohama.
Arrived April 23— Stmr Ohio, hence April: 16/
Sailed April 23— Schr Wawona, for Puget
Sound; schr Mary E Foster, for Puget Sound.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 5— Stmr | Na
tional City, fcr San Francisco. '¦ ¦ -
ASTORIA— Arrived May 5— Stmr Columbia,
hence May 3. Sailed May 5— Schr Antelope,
for Bristol Bay^May 4— Stmr Signal, for San
Francisco. »
HILO— Arrived April 25— Bktn W. H Dimond.
from -Honolulu. Sailed April 26— Bark Amy
Turner, for San Francisco. '.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived/May 5— H B M stmr
Warspite, from Esqulmalt; v Br ship Pytho
mene, from Newcastle. Aus. •; ; , • ,
OCEAN STEAMERS. ¦ ' .. /
NEW TORK— Arrived May 5— Stmr La
Champagne, from Havre; stmr Furnessla, from
GlaEsow.and Moville; stmr Werra, from Ge
noa, Naples and Gibraltar.' , . '.'. . : -¦ .
LIZARD— Passed May 5— Stmr La> Gascogne,
from New York, for Havre. . ¦ .• '¦ •¦ • ¦
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived ', May 5 — Stmr
Iverna, from Boston, for Liverpool, and .pro
ceeded. Sailed May 5— Stmr Campania, 1 from
Liverpool, for New York. ¦' - - ", :
LIVERPOOL— Arrived i May 5— Stmr Umbria,
from. New York, via Queenstown; stmr. Otto-,
mon, from Portland, Maine. • .:
ANTWERP— Arrived May 5— Stmr. Kensing
ton, from New 'Ycrk. •¦,.:¦¦¦.
BREMEN— Sailed May ' 5— Stmr Nekar, for
New York. • . •¦'
LONDON— Sailed May 5-^Stmr Minneapolis,
for New, York. ¦ ; .
Shipping Intelligence.
A sailor named Johnson applied at the
Harbor Hospital for treatment yesterday.
He says he was turned out of. the Marine
Hospital because he and another seaman
named Cole tore a pillow slip. Johnson
formerly worked on the bark Ferris S.
Thompson, and is in no condition to be
wandering around seeking medical treat
ment. He was sent out to the City and
County Hospital." At the 'Marine Hospital
it is asserted that Johnson left of -his own
volition. ¦ . .
F. Glandrot, an 11-year-old boy, living
at 25 Lafayette street, had his leg broken
by a McAllister street car yesterday. He
was riding a bicycle . and attempted to
cross in front of tne car. He .was treated
at the Harbor Hospital.
her trial trip yesterday. Her engines
worked well and the little ¦ vessel proved
to be a success. .... . . -' *
MONDAY, '.MAY; 6.
Sun rises J........5:C8
Sun sets ' i.w...^:. .:;.'.. ..;... 7:04
Moon rises .'..... .....;....... .9:46 p. ( m.
';.' Following: ' our usual ' custom ; during' ': this
month ¦.¦we"wiir.'clo"seiout i a' ; lot : - of .,' odd:
framed pictures at exactly one-half price, j
Saibom, .Vati fi, Co., 741 Market street.^*
Pictures at Half-Priced
KOTE— In the, above exposition of the- tides
the early morning tides; are given 'in. the left
hand ¦ column and .' the - successive '. tides of ¦ the
day -In. the order .of occurrence, as to time of
day; the third tlmeicolumn gives 'the: last 'tide
of the day, ' except : ; when ; there > are ' but'« three
tides," as ' sometimes occurs.. The heights given
are- in addition to the soundings on, the .United
State? Coast i Su«-v*} . Charts, - except - when ; a
n.lnu:- :t — " r'hn ;iccc':c.t.3 the : h«.«bV ; an'- then
At Second "Unitarian -Church Sha I
¦- Urg-es Prevention 'of Cruelty
to Animals. .
Mrs. C. B. Holbr'ook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty : to "Animals oc
ctipied'the pulpit' of the Second Unitarian
Church , last . night and delivered an . elo-*
quent sermon on the dumb creationf She
said in part: " . '-'; ' < '• _ ¦ .'/ "^ ' '¦-.
.'¦¦ The .true' Darwinians are- those who -have
discovered that between all living beings there
exists ' one ¦ common : tie of ': kinship. In . some
rhlnda- this.- theory drass man "down". to the
level of the. brutes, but Its. proper conception
teaches that * the ¦/ brute : should . be ' • raised >' to
the level -of man and- that that, which is .brut
ish in . man's nature should be ' extinguished.
Long ago when -Queen Victoria was a little
girl, the . first . society for r the t prevention : of
cruelty tO' the dumb- servants' of- man was
formed.: The work 'of the society appealed to
the ¦; little -Queen and she ¦ became • an 'active
member. • To-day- there are societies in every
part of the earth:,- Thlr object Is not to perse
cute or ' prosecute but to ; protect • man's most
faithful i friends. , Children - should be Instruct
ed .to be kind -to. their dumb pets, , for. in that
manner would | the | seeds . of divine compassion
be sown in our common nature. ... : •¦ ¦•¦:: .
MRS. H0LBR0OK DEFEITDS
THE DUMB CREATURES
YOKOHAMA, May 5.-Ad\ices from
SeouL capital of Korea, say: In the
Korean loan -agreement, the Tun Nan
Syndicate retains a tenth part for the os
tensible purpose of establishing a bank,
while the Government undertakes to re
pay the whole 5,000.000 yen in twenty-four
years, the customs duties being pledged
Korean Lean Agreement
MELBOURNE. May 5.-One hundred
thousand sightseers thronged the streets
of Melbourne to-day to view the beautiful
decorations in .honor of the Duke and
Duchess of York and Cornwall. Lord
Hopctoun, the Governor General, accom
panied by Lady Hopetoun. visited the
Ophir this afternoon to welcome the Duke
and I>uc,hess. The weather is beautiful.
DUKE OF YORK ROYALLY
WELCOMED AT MELBOURNE
SAN JOSE. May Z.— Rev. Father Jac
quet. S. J., of St. Joseph's Church of this
city, and well knowu through the State,
will leave in a few days to take up mis
sion work in Alaska, under Father Rene,
S. J.. Prefect Apoptolic of Alaska. la
company with Father Rene he will go to
Xome. where there is urgent need of a
hospital . and it is probable he will be
located there. Xews has been received of
a serious mishap to tK% Rev. Father Tr»
cs.. S. J.. a missionary in Alaska. He
was partially frozen a short time ago and
is in a critical condition.
The Rev. Father Jacquet Selected to
.Act as Missionary Among
the Miners.
WELL-KNOWN JESUIT
WILL LABOR IN ALASKA
Twenty dollars. Including j berth and
meais. for a fiA-e days' trip on the elegant
steamship Corona, siiiing every Friday
for San red o and Los Angeles, calling at
Santa Crjz, Monterey, Port Harford, Gav
iota. Santa Barbara Ventura and other
interesting points., aflowiug time for pas
sengers to go ashore, arrhdng at San
Frarc'pco \V>dnes.lay morning. , Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, office 4 New
Montgomery street, j.idcr Palace Hotel.
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over Ore
gon, Eastern Washington, Arizona and along
the Southern California coast; elsewhere west
or the Rocky Mountains the weather is gener
ally , clear. ¦ . . .
The pressure has fallen over the entire Pa
cific slope, the greatest fall being along the
Oregon coast. An area of high pressure over
lies British. Columbia, while the lowest pres
sure is reported from Arizona. - .
The temperature changes have been slight
in all districts. -, '. - .' - > •.
Conditions are favorable for fair and pleas
ant weather in California Monday.
Forecast made' at San Francisco for thirty
hour?, ending midnight. May 6. 1901: ' -¦ ,. ¦
. Northern California — Fair Monday; fresh
variable .winds.-..- . - ¦ :.
Southern H Callfornla^-Falr Monday; fresh
west wind. '¦ . " , .
Nevada— Fair Monday: light northerly wind.
• Utah — Fair;, warmer Monday; light northerly
wind. '¦'-¦; ¦•..-:.
Arizona — Partly cloudy Monday; light south
erly wind. , . ' . •¦-
San. Francisco and vicinlt"— Fair '. Monday;
fresh westerly wind. G. H. WILLSON. .
;'. •¦' \ ¦ Local Forecast ¦ Official. ¦-
FORECAST,
TtMre was the usual crowd at the foot
of Msrket street watching the pole
clirnber at work, and many of them
heaved a s=!gh of relief when Prinz disap
peared inside the tower again.
The ball on top of the ferry flagstaff was
regilded Saturday and the pole painted
white. The wcrk was donfe by Karl Prinz,
a fr-rmer employe of the life-saving serv
ice, but as the pole should have been
I'air.ted black he will have to paint it
ovei sga'.n. Right under the ball a cluster
cf incandescent lights will be placed" by
Prinz en Monday, and over them there
v.ili be a reflector. When the current Is
turned on during the President's visit the
lights wi'.l look like a cluster of stars in
Ferry Flagpole Painted.
M. C. Eateman filed suit in the Superior
Court Saturday against his brother, J. C.
Bate man. for an accounting of the affairs
of the I'.rm of Bateman Bros., contractors.
The plaintiff, who is a partner in the firm,
allpgts that he has had no report of the
conaitlon of the partnership for several
months, and that he has been unable to
obtain any share of the profits of the
concern. The plaintiff further alleges
that his brother has transferred a lot at
Pacific nnd Gough streets, the property'of
the copartnership, to J. G. Black. This
conveyance, the plaintiff- avers, is illegal,
and he asks that it be set aside.
The firm of Bateman Bros. Is well
known throughout the city. Under the
supervision of the firm the ferry depot
and the Hall of Justice were constructed.
BATEHAN SUES BROTHER
FOR FULL. ACCOUNTING
Alieges He Has Had No Report of
Ca-Partnership Affairs for
Ssveral Months.
Locked up In the "tanks" in the City
Prison is a well-dressed young man who
is accused of highway robbery. His
name is Fred Frazier and he was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Police Officer
Tracey, charged with robbing Thomas
Meyers, a discharged soldier, of $45.
According to Meyers' story he was
walking along Howard street Saturday
night when his attention was attracted
to two men who were engaged' in a
"scrap." While watching the combat
ants. Meyers claims, Frazier grabbed him
by the threat and with his disengaged
hand he forcibly took from his pocket his
purre containing two $20 pieces and a $5
piece.
After possessing himself of the money
Frazier. it is claimed, ran up Howard
street and disappeared down Fifth.
Yesterday Meyers saw Frazier stand-'
Ing on Mission street, and recognizing
him as the man who had robbed him, he
summoned Officer Tracey and had him
arrested.
Frazier claims it is a case of mistaken
identity.
Up While Watching a Street
Fight.
Thomas Meyers Says He Was Held
CHOKED AND ROBBED
OF ALL HIS MONEY
The American ship Tillie E. Starbuck
has arrived at Honolulu, having made the
run from. Hiogo in the smart time of
twenty-three days." Captain; Curtis : just
missed seeing his son, who is. third mate
of the Logan.- The transport on her way
to- Manila passed the 'Tillie E. Starbuck
as the latter was making Honolulu.
Captain "Tom" Lockyer of the tug Vigi
lant denies that his vessel was ashore on
Goat Island Saturday morning. He says
the man. who Co rej-ortec was suffering
from sr. optlca,' Jl-usion^ .. -.
Th». cauDCi^'. -•"-¦f" ¦ '"*'*" ml "" t ...-'
Water Front Notes.
The cabin passengers on the Zealandia
were: Judge G. D. Gear. W. J. de Gear,
L. J. Bees,.H. T. Gunn,-«»F. Dohrmann Jr.,
M. Abril, W. B. Smith, Major Ennis. U.
S. A.; F. J. Maudra, John M. Faller, Wray
Taylor, J. H. Pierce, L. J. Taylor and Mrs.
W. A". Hardy.
Judge Gear only recently went to Ha
waii to accept a United States Judgeship.
Before leaving for the islands he became
engaged to an Eastern lady. - He was
hardly settled in Honolulu before news
arrived that his betrothed was seriously
111. Judge Gear at once took passage on
the Zealandia and will, hurry East by
train this evening. :,
Wray Taylor is Commissioner of, Agri
culture in Hawaii. He comes here with
a letter of introduction from Governor
Dole to Hon. James Wilson, Secretary of
Agriculture, who Is expected here with
the Presidential party. Mr. Taylor will
invite Secretary Wilson to pay a visit to
the islands, and will also talk over Ha
waiian agricultural matters. ..--'
M. Abril is editor and proprietor of a
Porto v RIcan paper. He has been to Ha
waii to investigate the condition of Porto
Ricans on the sugar plantations. ,: He is
going home prepared to advocate emigra
tion. .
The Oceanic steamship Company's Zea
landia arrived from Honolulu at noon yes
terday. She was a day behind time owing
to being detained in the islands. A. L.
Conlon, a fireman on the steamshipi
struck Patrick McEntee, a water tender,
over the head with a monkeywrench. At
one time it was thought the unfortunate
water tender would die, and Conlon was
put in irons. When the Zealandia arrived
at Honolulu, however, McEntee was con
siderably better, so the fireman was
charged with assault with a deadly weap
on. His trial came off the day the Zea
landia was to *ail. and as Captain Dow
dell, Surgeon Clarke and several of the
crew were under subpena as witnesses the
departure of the vessel had to be post
poned. Judge Estee gave Conlon four
months on the reef at hard labor. ¦
tention at Honolulu.
Is a Day Behind Time Owing to De-
ZEAIiAlSTDIA ARRIVES.
Sodergren did not help his case any by
beating a Hawaiian who was working on
the Hesper over the head with. a piece of
chain a few days before the trial came off.
December larst the Hesper started again
for Honolulu from Newcastle. There was
trouble during the run and the forecastle
hands had a hard time of it. March 31
last the. bark arrived at her dlstination,
and Edward Hamlln and R. Carpenter at
once went ashore and filed complaints
against Captain F. O. Sodergren and
Mate Nelson Stuart. All the members of
the crew were 'held as witnesses, and
when the casp came to trial they told a
straightforward tale. The result was the
conviction of both master and mate.
The Hesper was on her way from New
castle, Aus.. to Hawaii with a load of
coal. The men asserted they were ill
treated, so one night they mutinied, killed
Mate Fitzgerald and attempted to seize
Captain Sodergren 'and his wife. It was
their intention to murder the captain, and
his money and wife were then to be com
mon property. There was no navigator
aboard, however, and some of " the men
became frightened and sided with the
captain. The ringleaders were overpow
ered and the 'Hesper put into Tahiti. From
there the mutineers were brought to San
Francisco, tried and executed.
After that Captain Sodergren and the
Hesper were not heard of very often un
til she became long overdue at Kaichau
with a load of lumber from this coast.
Later it was learned that she had been
thrown on her beam ends during a hur
ricane, and for weeks Captain Sodergren
and his wife lived on the deckload of
lumber, with nothing but a spare eail for
a covering. The bark eventually made the
Chinese coast, and on her arrival at Kai
chau Prince Henry of Prussia, who was
there In a German warship, went aboard
the Hesper and complimented Captain
Sodergren on his seamanship.
Everybody will remember the deter
mined fight that General "Jim" Smith
made to save the necks of the "Ilesper
murderers." He carried their' case to the
court of last resort, but his clients had
to pay the penalty.
a^poHERE is perhaps no better known
I bark that sails the seas than the
I Hesper of San Francisco. Captain
Ji F. O. Sodergren has been her mas
ter for years, and he is almost as
•well known as the vessel he (commands.
The news came by the Zealaridia yester
day that this master mariner had been
found guilty of "cruelty on the high seas"
by a jury In Judge Estee's court at Hono
lulu, and that his chances for spending a
year on the reef were extremely good.
The Sterling Company swore out a war
rant for Lester's arrest on a charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses, and
he fled to Los Angeles. He returned to the
city yesterday morning and was going to
San Jose. The detectives learned of the
fact and shadowed his wife, who lived
with her sister on Stockton street. She
went to Fourth and Townsend streets to
meet him, and when he made his appear
ance the detectives arrested him.
Lester married recently in this city. His
wife was a waitress in a restaurant on
Grant avenue, between Geary and Post
streets, at the time.
Lester is a young man and has appar
ently had a good education. He belongs
to Xew Tork and came here about a year
ago with a regiment from the East. He
was discharged recently. His graft has
been to go into a store and order a small
quantitj' of goods. He would give a worth
less check in payment In excess of the
value cf the goods and receive cash for
the balance.
Lester went to the store of the John
Breuner Company. 957 Market street.
April IT and ordered a rug. which cost $10,
to be sent to 1221 Bush street. He gave
in payment a check for $37 40 on the First
National Bank, payable to Charles S. Wil
bur and purporting to be signed by L. P.
Fisher. He got $27 40 in cash. When the
rug was sent to the address the occu
pants of the house said they had not or
dered it. and when the check was pre
sented at the bank it was found to be
worthless. Two days later Lester called
at the store of the Sterling Furniture
Companv and ordered some goods which
cost ?22 40. He gave in payment a check
for $37 40 on the Columbian Bank, payable
to himself and purporting to be signed by
Robert H. Feder. The goods were sent to
a house on Post street, but the occupants
said they had not ordered them and the
check was found to be worthless. Lester
also played the same trick on Gullixsen
Bros.. 955 Market street.
Joseph M. Lester, formerly a soldier,
was arrested yesterday afternoon, by De
tectives Wren and Coleman and was
locked up in the "tanks." A charge of
obtaining money by false pretenses and
possibly two charges for forgery will be
booked against him.
turns, and Is Placed Un
der Arrest.
Goes to Los Angeles, but Re-
Joseph H. Lester Accused
of Passing Forged
Checks.
PREFERS CRIME
TO HONEST WORK
BARK AND HER MASTER
ONCE MORE COME TO NOTORIETY
Captain F, O* Sodergren and* Mate Nelson Stuart of the Unfortu
nate Vessel Convicted of "Cruelty /on the High Seas/'
WOMAN DROWNED
IN SAN JOAQUIN
Jumps Overboard From
•' v ''a River Steamer
- Weber From Stockton
Ends Her Life.
A woman whose name .was not learned
• at Night.
Passenger . on the Captain
jumped overboard from the river steamer
! Captain Weber, en route from "Stockton
to 'this city, Saturday' night and was
drowned. It was a deliberate suicide, as
the woman left her hat, shoes and nearly
all her underclothing in her stateroom,
and walking to the rail climbed over and
jumped into the river. , The alarm was
given and in a few minutes the steamer
was stopped and a boat lowered. No sign
of the unfortunate woman could be found,
so reluctantly >the search had to be aban
doned. The Captain Webe? arrived in San
Francisco early yesterday morning.
, Among the passengers who boarded the
steamer at 2 Stockton were " a man and
woman who purchased tickets for. this
city. Purser Joseph S. Hale assigned the
couple, who represented- themselves to be
man and wife, to room 33. About 9:30 p.
m:, when the "Weber was making Brad
ford landing the man came running for
ward, excitedly yelling, "Stop the ship;
woman overboard!"
Pilot D. McNeill, who was in charge, at
once stopped the vessel and ordered a
boat lowered. The searchlight was
brought into service, but'there was'abso
lutely nothing to show where the woman
had gone down. '. * .
In the meantime Captain Dye had come
on deck and took command. He sent for
the man, and to the questions asked the
latter gave ready answers. He said the
woman was known as his wife and they
had lived together for six years. There
was no marriage." The ¦ deceased was
about 30 years of. age. T She • had often
threatened when "despondent to commit
suicide.
• The man said the woman seemed in good
spirits when leaving Stockton, and looked
forward .to settling down ; in Sacramento,
whither they were bound. About 9:30 p. m.
Saturday she asked him to get a pitcher
of water. He went aft and got the water
and was returning to his stateroom when
the, woman ran out, and ' calling out
"good-by" climbed upon ¦ the rail and
jumped into the river.
SIR THOMAS IiIPTON
IS VERY ENTHUSIASTIC
Confident That His New Challenger
Will Make Fine Fight for the
• America's Xhip.
-SOUTHAMPTON. May 5.— None of Sir
Thomas x Llpton's party came ashore here
after the return of the Shamrock II from
the spins.' Sir Thomas,' it is understood,
is more enthusiastic than' ever.
¦ '.'I consider it- demonstrated beyond
question," he said to a representative of
the Associated Press, "that the«new chal
lenger will' - make the finest fight ever
made In a contest for the America's cup.
I do not know what America has to array
against us; but I am convinced that the
Americans will be pleased to see a good
race and will bear me no ill-will if, as I
now think' it possible, I should win the
cup." , ¦ ,
OPERATIONS IN MANCHURIA.
Russian Troops Have Fought More
Than Twenty Battles.
ST. PETERSBURG, May. 5.— The Russ
ky Invalid publishes details of the recent
operations in ' Manchuria. <*' It appears that"
the North Manchuria division, under Gen
eral Zerlpltzkl, fought over twenty en
gagements, losing altogether twenty-four
men killed and seven : officers and sixty
one wounded, two officers having died of
their -wounds. A quantity of guns and
rifles were captured. The total results, of
the operations Is that .of' three bands
which at the beginning of the year were
menacing the peace of Manchuria two
have been annihilated, according to the
Russky Invalid, and the third, after sus
taining a number of defeats, is now being
pursued by the Russian squadron.
THE si-N FK AN CISC<> C A LL, MO : K . DAY;: M A Y ; fi; 1901 .V
8
Time ' Time . Time Time .'¦ .
Date r Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
H W: L. W .. H W ;,>; U \V
6... 0:04 5.5 7:05 —0.2 2:30 4.4 ¦ 6-40 3 2
7 ... 0:35 '6.3 -7:4S -^).l .3:15 '"4.5 727 3*2
8 ... .1:15 . 5.1 .8:30 ,0.0 4:00 '4.6 8 : 29 3*2
»:.:. 2:05 . 5.0 9:16 ; 0.1 .-4:47 '4.8 9:41 3*2
10 ... 3:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 5:84 -4.9 11:00 2*8
Jl ... 4:28 4.5 11:09 0.6 6:17 5.1 .....
. . IL, Wf IH VT\- - : it, W| IH W ' .-"
12 ... : 0:09| 2.3|. 5:51| 4.4| 13:06], 0.9| 7:00 5.4
Steamer. From. Due.
Pomona...':..... iumboldt May 6
Hyades... Seattle May 7
Adato.' Tacoma May 7
City of Puebla. ->uget Sound Ports May 7
Rainier Seattle May 7
Kvarven 7omox May 7
Acme 31uslaw River May 7
Tltanla Vanalmo May 8
Santa Barbara. San Pedro May 8
Roanoke N. Y. via Panama May 8
Crescent City.. Crewcent City May 8
Corona Newport- May 8
Kureka Humboldt May 9
Newport Panama & Way Ports. May 9
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts. May 9
South Portland Seattle & .Tacoma May 9
Arcata Coos Bay.. .'May 9
Santa Rosa San DI»ko May 9
Point Arena — Point Arena May 9
Columbian ../.. Portland and A3toria.. May ID
San Bias Champerlco « May 11
Coptic China and Japan May 11
Czarina.; Seattle and Tacoma.... May 11
From.
Due.
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier.
May 6.
Eureka Humbbldt .......... 12 mi Pier 15
Umatllla..:... puget Sound- Ports 11 am Pier »
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
. 1 "May 7.
Bonita Newport .::... 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Mandalay.... Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
... Mny 8.
Santa Barb... Humboldt ....: 2 pm Pier 2
Rival.. Wtllapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
"G.-W.. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
Queen...'.. San Diego ..;• 9 am Pier 11
May O.
Acme Sluslaw River 12 m Pier 13
; Sierra..-. Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Mny 10.
Cor ° n a Newport-. 9 am Pier 11
. ' ' Mny 11.
Al "cata Coos Bay ...... 12 m Pier IS
Point Arena.. Point Arenas ....... 2 pm Pier 2
JJainier Seattle & N/ What Pier 2
Pf r «"- •••:••• -China &: Japan.:.. 1 pm PMSS
CltyPuebla.. Pupet Sound Ports 10 am Pier !)
A «"?y" N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 34
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. >...... Pier —
Last This I Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. | Season.
g u ™*a 45.93 48.23
Red Bluff 24 21- '22 51
Sacramento 19.52 i 18^84
San Francisco 20.51 ¦ 18 ">0
Frt-sno n.06 8.47
5.83 3 64
San Luis Oblspo 30.83 17 00
Los Angeles ¦• 15.57 7 54
San Diego ;.... .... 11.24 ' 5.79
Last This I Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours Season. | Season.
g u ™*a 45.93 48.23
Red Bluff 24 21- '22 51
Sacramento 19.52 i 18^84
San Francisco 20.51 ¦ 18 ">0
Frt-sno n.06 8.47
5.83 3 64
San Luis Oblspo 30.83 17 00
Los Angeles ¦• 15.57 7 54
San Diego ;.... .... 11.24 ' 5.79
Steamer. From. Due.
Pomona...':..... iumboldt May 6
Hyades... Seattle May 7
Adato.' Tacoma May 7
City of Puebla. ->uget Sound Ports May 7
Rainier Seattle May 7
Kvarven 7omox May 7
Acme 31uslaw River May 7
Tltanla Vanalmo May 8
Santa Barbara. San Pedro May 8
Roanoke N. Y. via Panama May 8
Crescent City.. Crewcent City May 8
Corona Newport- May 8
Kureka Humboldt May 9
Newport Panama & Way Ports. May 9
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pts. May 9
South Portland Seattle & .Tacoma May 9
Arcata Coos Bay.. .'May 9
Santa Rosa San DI»ko May 9
Point Arena — Point Arena May 9
Columbian ../.. Portland and A3toria.. May ID
San Bias Champerlco « May 11
Coptic China and Japan May 11
Czarina.; Seattle and Tacoma.... May 11
From.
Due.
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier.
May 6.
Eureka Humbbldt .......... 12 mi Pier 15
Umatllla..:... puget Sound- Ports 11 am Pier »
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
. 1 "May 7.
Bonita Newport .::... 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Mandalay.... Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
... Mny 8.
Santa Barb... Humboldt ....: 2 pm Pier 2
Rival.. Wtllapa Harbor.... 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
"G.-W.. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
Queen...'.. San Diego ..;• 9 am Pier 11
May O.
Acme Sluslaw River 12 m Pier 13
; Sierra..-. Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Mny 10.
Cor ° n a Newport-. 9 am Pier 11
. ' ' Mny 11.
Al "cata Coos Bay ...... 12 m Pier IS
Point Arena.. Point Arenas ....... 2 pm Pier 2
JJainier Seattle & N/ What Pier 2
Pf r «"- •••:••• -China &: Japan.:.. 1 pm PMSS
CltyPuebla.. Pupet Sound Ports 10 am Pier !)
A «"?y" N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 34
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma. >...... Pier —
Time ' Time . Time Time .'¦ .
Date r Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
H W: L. W .. H W ;,>; U \V
6... 0:04 5.5 7:05 —0.2 2:30 4.4 ¦ 6-40 3 2
7 ... 0:35 '6.3 -7:4S -^).l .3:15 '"4.5 727 3*2
8 ... .1:15 . 5.1 .8:30 ,0.0 4:00 '4.6 8 : 29 3*2
»:.:. 2:05 . 5.0 9:16 ; 0.1 .-4:47 '4.8 9:41 3*2
10 ... 3:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 5:84 -4.9 11:00 2*8
Jl ... 4:28 4.5 11:09 0.6 6:17 5.1 .....
. . IL, Wf IH VT\- - : it, W| IH W ' .-"
12 ... : 0:09| 2.3|. 5:51| 4.4| 13:06], 0.9| 7:00 5.4
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l«-i»w«» nml uri- <!«<• • «» »rrl»« ¦% l
MJkH FII.4.\«!IS< O.
(Slain Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Mat 5, 1901. — arrivi
~:3Oa Bcnlcia, Suismi, Elmira, VaovCIe,
ltunis«y and aacmumnto. ......... 7:S3p
7:30a Darls, Woodland. Knights Lai.din:?,
Marysvilie, Ororille.. .... 7:3."Jp
7:3Oa Atlantic Kzpress— Ogden acd Past 12::»p
~:^0.i I'ort lost*. Mirii-.cz, Fresno, Han*
ford. ViialU. Porter.lle 4:33?
S:O«A Martinez. -.aa IL111..11. Valieju. Jiaiia.
Caliatoga aixl Swu Roea il:25r
8:OOa X lies, Pltatstnton, Lirennorr, Stock*
ton. Fresno, Hanford. Viaalit,
Porterriile .' 7:25?
S:3Oa Shaata Express— Dsxia. WiUi. ms(for '¦¦/•... ' -
Bartlett Springs), Will.**. Bad
." •...•-: Bluff, Portland. 7»33r
BtSttA San Juw, Llierraore, Htucktou.
lone, .Sacramento, Fla .ctvule,
M»rys?Jll«, Cbion. IC*d It ..IT 4s23p
9:3Oa O.ikiUle, Chinese (Vcse.aite;. do-
nora. Carters..... •i:23i>
9:OOa Haywartls. MIuhihIW.jSuI'wi. 11:33a
»:O« a Los Angeles Fxvreu — Manillas. » r*
Tracy, Latti^p. H u.;«ton, Mrroed
. >'re»no ¦ hi* Los Angeles - 7»23p .
»::i»A VhII-J". Martiu.tt.tiiu »V»y Stations Si3Ar
IOsUUa Tim O»erUn.i iJinilad— Osdou. l>en-
- ¦ Ter, Oui»tu4. Cliicagn. fl:r»5r
fl:OUp SacrainmiUt liiver Miti-tiucM... f3:Wii v
a:3»r lisjTrarda. Nil. ¦ ami Way .Stations. ?:33r
4iuui> lleuicia. Winters. ftaaraiueuto.
" .,. Woo.Ilnii.l, KnigbU Jjiudlng,
¦ kUryatllle, Otofllla 10:1)3*
4i»or MartinvR. Kan Jtaiuoit. Tallejo,
N»|"i. < •.ilintDK.i. HiuiU atom* Ui33\
4:00p yiler, Lltenuore. Stockton. Lixll... 1<».">5*
' 4::i»v Htyvrirds, Kile* l9aii.lnii«,LivtrmoT9 t^ sI)^A !
5:<>«»r Tlio Uwt IJmitad— Tracy, Stccktun. i
Kceauo, Jt«kenSal<l. Hangua for
8»nta ilatlmra, l,«n AiiKtlm S;33a
j:»Op New Orldaos £zpre>o— Bakentla'd.
Los Aneeles. 1> mlag, Kl ¥*to.
Hew Orle*m and Kail ............. 7i>13a
SiOnpYosemite ?t33«
«HM»tr llaywjutlx, Mlleaand Hau Jot* 7.V.,
f6iO»r Vulloju ll«»3\
<i:0i>r Orir-ntal .1I*!l-f)g ian, Cbeyeune.
Omaha, (.'liicigo. 12:3'>r
0:OOp Oriental M»il -Og.leo, DenTer.
Oioalt*. Cltien«o 4:23p
7>OOr«)r« K <»iamt California Kn>Tt»m.ti»o-
! rni.ient.i. SlurjutlllB. IC<»MIiik,
l-ortl,.,,.!. I'mk.,1 HminJ .,,,1 Kasi 8>»3a
MtA3rBaa l'»t)o, I'ort ('oatu. Martlnes
¦Ml Way HUtious 11>33a
t<iO3p V.)l>j 7:.V.p
COAST LI>E (Narrim <>«H K e).
(foot of Market Street.) I
l^il^A Sviiti Cinz Kxcura ou 10 -Sauita ciuz
and Pr.uc y>l Way SUtl na ;h : «5?
»i 13 a Newark.* :.-i,i,T«ijli-,Saii.l.>»«, IMton,
lioiiIderCit'ek.HanlaCriizandWay
htiitlinm : 3.3<»»
|3il3p Newnik, Cenlertille. San Ji>se, Nkw
AImikiIpu, I'VIi.ii, llonliler t.'rxek,
fSaufJi • rux mud l'iiucii>al Way
Sutions fl«»irK» A
4sl3p Newark, .San Jose. Us Gatos | jia-sl'*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmStl riUSBlSf!)— root af aathti SlrtiKSIiaS)—
t«:15 9:00 ll:0O.t.M. 1:33 3:33' Silt*.-.
tttmUUUMl— ,'aol »!i,r>i»tj.— f ; ; ii0 td:UO tS:03
10:00*. M. 12:C3 2:C3 1X3 r. it.
• COAST LINE (llrna.MJHiii-*).
(TlilM hikJ Towiiseinl Sts.)
U:K»A baa Jose and Way "titiuua *i:.l.,y
t~:MOA San .).»» kmiI \V:.y Stiii.i..iin Ia3l»p
J7 iJOa Sunday Excursion for Pan J. te, .-'•¦/.•".
Haiti ("ruz. Pndtio Gro7O and
rilocipal WarSt»tioax J9s3Op
BiOOaHaii Jimib. Ttia l'iii<m. Sunta «"nix,
I ISeiiic <Brow, raliuis 8<n Luii
Ob;3po ami Principal i;iteru>«"li»te
- vSutu.us. 4:10p
1O:»Oa. San Jc stand W»ySUtions_. ?!3«i"
/I«i3ua New atiimiiiii /3s3«»
ll::i»A Man Jims am) Way .SUtimm S»ao«
t*i l»p Ran .Matmi, ICedwooil. Msnln Park,
Palo Alto. .Santa t-'Ur*. Hhii .lime,
Tres Plnos, Santa -Unix, Saliuaa, - >
Munterny ami l>aeiHa Gr.iTe U»:J.">*
MOrS»nJo»»ml Way SUihui O:.1«»A
t4:!3r San Joawaii.l Principal \V»y Stations »**»«
t5:UUpS»n Jose, Los Gato* and Principal
WaySUtious f!»:00*
3:3Op San Joio ami Principal Way Stations »:S5\
OiUOp Redwood. Nan Jos-. Gilr y. Saliuas,
8ai<t» Birhara. Lo-t Angeles 10:03*.
6sO0p Dal M >nte. .Mouterey. Vaciflo U.ove,
Lompoc loiWS*
6:30r Ban Jose and Way Stations fH:««»A
all:45p San Joae ami Way .Stations 7:»»?
A for Monirng. i P for A f tenioon.
¦I Huiiilay exeei>tad. ' ¦ t only,
a Saturday only. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
N.ORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencins April 28. 190L
TVEEK DAYS— «:55. 8:30. •9:30. ll:C0 a. m.
13:45, "1:43. 3:35. 4:15. 5:15. *S:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 3:30 and 11:40 d. m.
SXJK DAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00. U:0O U-30
a. m.. 02:45. »l:30. 2:30. *3:45. 5:C0. 6:00-. 7:30 p.m.
11:00 a- in. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
> Trains marked (•) run to San Quenttn •' -+¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAY5^-*3:*S. 8:27. 7:47, 8:35 io-U
a..m.. Z1Z-.2S. 1:15.-1:20. -titt. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:4.> and 10:00 p. m -
SUNDAYS— 6:13. *S:CO. 9:45. •11:00 a m »12
m., 1:00. 2:S. *3:30. 4:20, *5:43. 6:45. 7:3o."lO-lD
p. m. . ¦ ¦ -
Trains marked <*) start from San Ouectin.'
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAX FRAXCTSCo'
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:45. 7:53. 8:55. 10 30
a. m.. -12:35, 1:45. 2:«. 3:S0. 5:10. 5:20 1 p m
| EXTRA TRIPS- on Mondays. Wednesdays
I and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35, 8:00. 10:0T.. 11:10 a. in. 12J3.
1:20. 2:30. 3:43. 6:00. «: 15. 7:15. 10:30%.^.^
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
! tlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way »ta-
j tlons.
} 6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations. •
•8 a. m. 'Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
- 10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
rtatlona. * .
WeeHy GalK $1^00 DerYear
a - lust a tittle better M
9 • than any other train m
1 —a little better service— ' 9
h a more homelike iV^V m
S feeling on the s
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED I
. th&n you find elsewhere,' |
and it runs like this y
LEAVES SAW FRAWCISCO §
i- 9 an ftSon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun . S
ARRIVES CHICAGO |
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed t
y 1
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO i
h ON THE I
CALIFORRU HOHTHUESTERH RY. CO.
LESSEE •
SAH.FRANCiSCO AHD K03TH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Ma'rket St.
San Franchco .to San RafaeL .
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. H:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:W
and 11:30 11. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
. B:CO. iT2O r>. m.
Saa Rafael t* Sam FrnnciRo*.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:C0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
nnd 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, -9:40, vlKlO a. m.; 1:40. 3:W.
5:05. 6:23 p. m.
. Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
.• . Leave ¦ I In Effect I . Arrive
San Francisco. (April 28. -1901.1 San Francisco.
Week J Sun- I , ¦ I Sun-- I Week
Days. I days, f Destination. [ days. | Days. .'
1 7:30 am| 8:00 am Novato. . 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am PPtaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. ,7:33 pm 6:20 pm
' Fulton, ¦
7:30 am - Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Hpaldsbur?. 10:40 am
Lytton,
¦ . Geyservllle,
3:30 pm S:00 am * Cloverdale. | 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am] 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:23 am '
3:30 pml 8:00 ami and Uhlan. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 ami I ' 110:40 am 10:23 am
¦ t S:0O ami Guerneville. 1 7:33 pm
' 3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| ' I '• ' 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma t 9:15 am 8:40 am
••' •.' - ' - and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ fi:05 pm 8:20 pm
- 7:30 am)' 8:00 ami . -. •¦ 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and "White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla:- at Lytton for Lytton Springs: -a*
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cioverdal"?
for the Geysers: at- Hopland for Duncan
SprinKS. Highland' Springs. KelseyvJile. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Pprln«rs;atUklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley
John .- Day's. • -Riverside. Lterley's. Bucknella
Panhedrin "¦ Heights, Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot
Springs. - Mendoolno City. Fort Bragg. West-
portr Usal, ¦ Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eurekarjpi&gv^BNtSMKfei.' ¦ ¦ -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. /.
- On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
be\ond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket : Of flee— 650 ¦ Market Street. Chronicle
'. .. - , Building.
H - ~ C - I^HITING. I li.-k; BTAN.
Gen. Manager. " Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAM A LPAI5 RAILWAY
. VI. SraialUo rerrj— Foot of Market St.
4:15 p;m! S 6u ' Of * rnl » tl ' »«th«TATBB» ) ? : V? p * M >
VWA..M. I , - ¦ ' I'll. «
¦$2iz \-:..^™™....... If ta
23u P. M. J - ">WOHH0| I 7:to p' m*
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Fctty.
f^H& Gibbon's Dispensary,
5«I|^W I isMsi-s. UNt M»nlio«Kl. Pebilitv or
ni ?v WParin ?'" 1 hofl . r an«l mlnrtanrt
SSwt«EMrae~.K "!^ e »scs- n>e Doctor cures when
j^KZgKgSSnthPrs Tail.- Try htm. CtarfM ]ovv.
ii?»rV- 1 «^".*» ?" !* r :t " ' r<Ml - ' Citl I o r write.
l>r. JT. r. WIBSOS, sa» Francisco, Cal. " •
Kj^g &o^wt A fru fe9 m P^ PS*j38ttfififa3ii^^^5^gSS^5*v i M^v**!if^8 Xt Is b^ o r s ¦y^t^'j
1 Hymif t . u H ™ soothing than H '•"-' r 'i
BBS! 88B8B ' R S m^^SwjS^SBS^BBHBHtS^SBBBmm^^^&Si Cold Cream. 9| raw
a^Ta BIB S3A 1 *"^^^fc^HwflEB t^*^^mm^^^^KB^£S*J^3&sBl&b+3tttnBSi£$c*S&tiMiM tha t\ »n v cos— KB E8^5H
. ; RAILWAY TBAVEL
A Holid^y^iiWh<e«e!s
A trip east in a Burlington tourist sleeping-car is a veritable holi- \
day on wheels.
The excursion conductor makes everyone feel at home; organizes >
entertainments; sees to it that the journey across the continent is
ENJOYABLE as well as comfortable. j
From Los Angeles Mondays and Wednesdays ; San Francisco, Tuesdays and Thurs-
days—Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east. Tickets
and berths at Southern Pacific ticket offices or by addressing ¦
3 „ [ , W. D. Sanborn, Gen! Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
_irmmm_ _— m_rV "1
£! 5i3Q^ Or Bam BSVTt
imr the bottles yL
|^ Time is Here ' i; \
\Wk n^ it for pleasure H |p
and good health. J| f A
ifegSm 25ct. bottle makes 5 Ral- mil A
*|gBilJV Ions. Dealers write for iSfMjS
I f^rolp Charles E. Hires Co., & \m j %
vgga^ VIM, VIGORl VITALITY lor MEN
' MORMON BISHOP'S PILLt.
iCfjw—, rS\ have been In use over fifty
< K&u^^^SlL 3 ears by - the leaders of ¦ the
fcS9>:£ ~-l«ri Mormon Church and their fol-
¦ ' SBffl*?B\w5! ' lowers. 1'ositively cure the
VW'M'i^-^&i wor}:t cases in old and young
wiL^WvVraSl arising from effects of. self-
isSsp? '?*i*w abuse, dissipation, excesses or
T«w5{wiy ciKarette-smoklnR. Cure Lost
NKftfjfeS/ Manhood. Impotency, Lost
w«"w Power. Night Losses. ; Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. 'Evil Desires, I.ame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, » Verlcocele or Con-
Etipstion. : Stops Ne *5 63 rvous ¦ Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects^.jJ^T a re immediate.-
Impart vigor and c = : "' ' .". to every
function. J i Don't get despondent; a cure is at
hand. Restore - small, ••• undeveloped , organs •
Stimulate the brain , and nerve centers; 50c a
box:. 6 1 for ?2 50 by mall." A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. . Address BISHOP . REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis St.. .San Francisco. "Cal. -GRANT
DRUG CO.: 3S and 40 Third st. ; ' : -
; /V'? RAILWAY TRAVEL. . * «
Santa Fe
Trains— Daiiv.
- Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd | Ovrl'd Local
• V; Daily. Dally. Daily. Daily.-
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a '8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
i " Merced-.. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15a .... j
V Fresno!'.. 2:20 p 2:3Sp '3:05a ;.:.*.;..
¦ " ; Hanford" 4:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a :."......-
"." Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:M p 4-45 a .........
-'" Tulare-..: 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a .........
. " Bksfleld ¦'. 6:50 p 5:21 p 7:30 a ......'..
" Kan City. ..:..... 2:41a' 7:30a .. •...;:.'
• " " : . Chicago : ...:.;.. 2:15 p | 9:00 p ."....;.¦. ;
a lor mornlnsr. "p for afternoon. '-.''¦ ' -•
9:00 a! m: train is the Ca'lfornla Limited '
Carrying Palace Sleeping. Cars and. Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair, Car runs
- to Bakersfleld for accommodation of • local
.first-class : passengers. .""No - second-class
', tickets . arc honored . on . this train. .. Corre-/
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. i m. • daily."-.
- 4:20 p.m. Is Stockton LocaL Correspond-
ing train arrives; at 11:05 a." m. N dally. ' ' ¦ " :
. 3:00 , p. m. ! is the Overland '. Express, "'.with
through • Palace < nnd . Tourist Sleepers . and •
free'. Reclining - Chair " Car.' , also , Palace '
/Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. < Corre-
sponding train rrrlves.at.5:5.> p.-m.* dally.',
7 :2*i a. .' m. ', Is ..Bakersfleld ' Local. : stonplng .
at all points In San Joaquin -Valley. Corre-
.'spondlng train arrives at '8:40 a. m. dally.'
..' : Offices— £41 .: Market , street 'and » In 5 Ferry ;
Denot. • San Francisco; :; 1112 Brcadwray, •
'Oakland. - .¦.»'..:' ¦_..'¦•' •- -'¦•¦':...;.,. ;. jThe Druidesses.
The official visit of Grand Arch Druldess
Mrs. J. Thornhill to El Dorado Circle on
the 25th of last month was a pleasantone.
The visiting official was delighted with the
work as performed by the officers . of the
circle, as it was exceedingly/* well ren
dered. The arch druidess, OJga Heideri,
was specially commended 'for haying
memorized the charges and for" the im
pressive manner In which she delivered
them. Her fellow officials assisted her to
make the visit one that would be remem
bered pleasurably by all. The stations of
the several officers were bowers of : ever-"
greens and ¦ flowers, and -within them. . the
officers looked . charming. There were
about one hundred visitors present. After
the meeting there was an elaborate sup
per, set upon tables covered with snow
white linen and decorated with La France
roses. After the supper, there were a num
ber of addresses and songs. .Among those
who were present were: Mrs. Anna Soren
son. F. G. B. ; Miss Bessie Fabri, G. S. ;
Mrs. J. S. Godeau, G. T.; Mrs. V. Cer
valli, G. C; Mrs. Jahn, G. O. G.; Past
Arch Druidesses Lena Lazzarl 6f St.
Helena; Jennie Crawford, D. D. G. A., of
Golden Gate Circle; John Hutton,.D. D.
G. A. of Boadlcea Circle: Mrs. Jacobsen,
A. D. of Olympia Circle; Camella Morgan,
A. D. of Cypress Circle; J. F. Martinoni,
P. N. G. A.; J. M.. Graves, G. S., and L.
A. Wolff of the Druid Magazine. The de
gree team, under the captaincy of Past
Noble Grand Arch Martinoni, gave an ex
hibition drill and also introduced the em
pllfied work. " .
The new officers of the Grand Circle will
be publicly installed on the 9th Inst. .
A class of twenty candidates was ini
tiated at Stockton last Monday by- First
Grand Bard Mrs. Anna Sorensen. /
-The next: session of the Grand Circle
will be held in this city on the 18th of
June.
To-morrow evening there will be a pub
lic installation of the officers of Petaluma
Circle.' .The grand officers- have been in
vited to attend. , v
Knights of Pythias.
Golden Gate Lodge on the last Friday
In April had a smoker, at. which all pres
ent had a Jolly good time. Besides smok
ing material, there was ¦ an entertaining
programme by volunteer talent. <• •
At a meeting of the executive commit
tee on the reception of the • Supreme'
Lodge In 1902, to . be , held '¦ next Saturday,
there will be presented <¦ a report . of the
work that has already. been done. . ;¦' ,
<*-The supreme chancellor will arrive ; in
this city on the 16th inst. and will attend
the Grand Lodge session -in Stockton. ¦ •
Lincoln company of the- Uniform 'Rank
i was mustered in at Lincoln f by • Brigadier
i / »¦
General McGlashan last week. C. H. Bul
son was elected captain. •
Myrtle Lodge at its last held meeting
conferred Uhe knight rank in long form
in the presence of about sixty knights.
The lodges of Sacramento are arrang
ing for a joint picnic on the 14th inst.
Knights of Honor.
Grand . Dictator • Archibald visited Fre
mont Lodge in Salinas last Thursday
night and initiated eighteen strangers.
The lodge will initiate ten more at the
next meeting.
Liberty Lodge at its meeting last Mon
day received fifteen applications. ; There
will be a class initiation on the Gth inst.
An entertainment .will follow the work of
the evening. .
Last night the Past Dictators' Associa
tion held a meeting and ' listened to an
interesting address by Assistant Dictator
Ben I. Salomon on the subject of assess
ment rates. There were present nearly
all the grand officers and many members
of all the local lodges".
The bulletin. issued on the 1st inst. shows
180 deaths in the order since the issuance
of. the previous one. Seven of these oc
curred in California. Forty-eight of . the
claims were paid before the bulletin was
issued and. the others will be met by the
10th inst.
The local lodges, through committee,
are arranging for the proper observance
of Knight of Honor day.
United Moderns.
California . Lodge'at- its meeting last
Monday, had work in the Initiatory degree
and I received two applications. Under
good of the order there was a fine pro
gramme of entertainment under the direc
tion of Chancellor .W. N. : Brunt.
Last Friday San Francisco Lodge had
eight candidates for initiation, and after
the work there was a social hour, during
which all present who desired were given
a lesson, in the art of dancing. . ,
Since the 19th of February Chief Or
ganizer Wallls has organized four lodges
with an aggregate membership of 200
members. Last week the chief 'organizer,
and Supreme Vice Chancellor Elliot insti
tuted a new ' lodge at Sacramento. To
morrow night the chief organizer will visit
SanJose,- where, he will institute the new
lodge recently organized there. .He will
remain there a few days in the interest of
the new lodge. . ; •; ,, .
Companions of the Forest.
On the ; night, of . April 30 ¦, Washington
Circle ; Of ?. the . Companions of the Forest
had. an enjoyable snowball party in . the
social hall of: the -Foresters' building.
Snowballing, between" the dances was" £he
order of the evening and the fun' was fast
and furious: f The affair was under the di-
re'ctlon of Kate Wood, Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. M. E. Falconer, . Mrs. Phil
lips, ¦ Miss Mae. Falconer, . Mr. Sass and
John Falconer. " • - - •
Loyal Circle is prospering since the re
cent change, and at the last held meeting
several candidates were admitted by ini
tiation. It has arranged for a dove party
to be given on the night of the 1st of
next June. . .
I At the recent party of Sherwood Circle,
when all present appeared in dominoes,
the following were prize-winners : Ladies,
Miss Ella Hussey; gentlemen, M. Alcay
age. -¦¦ :..- '¦: '.: "¦ ...
Washington Circle received three appli
cations at its last held meeting.
Past Supreme Chief Companions Fal
coner and Boehm and Supreme Grand Sec
retary Mrs. Florence N. - Morrow have
been appointed a committee to make ar
rangements to | entertain the delegates to
and officers of the next Grand Circle.
Sons . of Temperance.
\ The fifth annual session of the Grand
Division of the Sons of Temperance was
held' in the latter part of April in Pythian
Castle. There was j a fair., representation
from the majority of the subordinate di
visions. ; i . The reports showed •, av healthy
financial condition and encouraging pros
pects for the current year. An indorse
ment was ordered prepared . for . R. J.
Hunter, D: M. W. P.; who Is to leavo for
a ¦ tour • of the ; United ¦ States. Canada and
Scotland. : r The order expects to hold . a
public jubilee >celebration- : in September,
next/ The- following named were chosen
as' the grand officers for the current year:
William Crowhurst of Oakland, G. W. P.;
Edward J. Armstrong of Petaluma, G.'W.
A.; > J. P. Plummer of San Francisco, G.
S. Y.' P. W.; Marion Irving of , San Fran
cisco,' G. T.; RW. - F. H. Wales of Oak
land, G. C. ; T. ' F. • Hatton of San* Fran
cisco, G. Con.;'Mary Boullet of Oakland,
G. i Sen. : Jessie C Duncan ¦ of San Fran
cisco, grand scribe. •• ¦ ¦ c
American Companions. .
> Inter " Nos Circle of » the Comoanions • of
the Forest of America' on last Tuesday;' In
accordance i with ) a j rule '¦ recently • adopted
that tthe last 'Tuesday in \each< month
should be devoted to social entertainment,
had a very enjoyable social evening, there
being ; music, ; songs • and : games. P. H. ¦
Coyle ' and ' Mrs. Sadie *. Meyers were, the
prize-winners at : the games. This affair
was under the direction of 'Lizzie Fesan,
Alice Fegan, Sadie 'Meyers ','. and " Mary
Errett, * the . good . of the ¦ order committee.
This progressive ? circle '- announces \ a . bon
bon - social -. to '-, be given • In 'Union Square
Hall on the - 28th '¦ ins.t. • This • will ¦ be * one
of .those- delightful' functions for which
this circle is justly noted.. ;" • ;¦..;
:Bay 'City Circle at Its last' held' meeting
Inltlated'two strangers ' and It has several
more candidates in sight. -\ ; ' ** ;/ •
The new circle recently organized' In
NEWS OF THE FRATERNITIES.
CALIFORNIAN SCULPTOR WHO
HAS GAINED PLACE IN PARIS
SALON. ' X
Native Daughters to Organize.
BERKELEY. May 5.— The ladies of this
city who are forming a local parlor of the
Native Daughters of* the Golden West
will meet Tuesday evening in Odd Fel
lows' Hall to complete the organization.
Temporary officers will be elected.
Professor Le Conte Chosen Orator.
BERKELEY,' May 5.— Professor Joseph
Le' Conte has be*i chosen Phi Beta
Kappa orator at the University of Cali
fornia this year. He will deliver the an
nual address of the society Tuesday, May
14 at 4 p. m., in the Harmon gymnasium.
The subject will be the "Relation of Art
to Science."
EEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIOira.
Alameda County.
Annie M. and Peter G. Ekberg to Cnrta An
derson, all interest in lot on S line of Fair
view street, 190.65 E of Raymond. E 40 by 8
VS. lot 4. Alcatraz Tract, Berkeley; 11000.
Mary Hearsch to Mabel E. Gllson, all interest
in lot on W line of Lorina street, 180 N of
Ashby avenue, N 40 by W-110. lot 9, block C.
Adeline Tract, Berkeley; $1000.
Marie Rodius to Luke Hamilton, lot on W
line of Seventh street. 120 S of Bristol, S to
center line of Strawberry Creek, thence W 123.
N 120. E 125 to- beginning, portion ot block 86.
tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; $630.
Susan and Henry' B. Forbes to Horns Build
ing Company, lot on SW corner of Bray avenua
and Galindo street. S 35 by W 125. lot 33. Fruit
vale Glen. Brooklyn Township; ?500.
Charles and Carrie Groos to "William Pres
ton, lot on S line of Central avenue, 100 E of
St. Charles, street. E 60 by S 200. Alameda;
J1C0O.
Matilda Erkenbrecher to John S. Unscott.
lot 6, block 1. Amended Map Sea View Park.
Berkeley; $1000.
Edward McVay (by J. B. Lanktree, commis
sioner)-to" Germania Building and Loan Asso
ciation, lot on S"W corner of Addlson and Sixth
streets. V? 140, S 10O. E 40, N 50, E 100, N K>
to beginning, block 106, Slsterna Tract. Berke
ley; I1S71.
J. 1. and Unity J. Logan to Ben F. Woolner.
lot on NW corner of California and Bristol
streets, N 45 by W ]0O. Berkeley: $500.
Judson "Wheeler to M. A. Hancock, lots 10
and 11, block 1, "Wheeler Tract: $1000.
John H. and Katie Cordes to W. R. and Mar
garet J. Spencer, lots 5 and •, block C. Buena
ventura Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1000.
Andrew I*, and "Wilhelmine H. Stone and E.
B. and A. I*. ¦ Stone Company (a corporation)
to William "and Frances M. Catterlln, all in
terest in lots 2S8 and 2S9. Map of Madi3on
Square. Brooklyn Township; $1000.
AMONG the many San Francisco
artists who have gone abroad
to acquire knowledge and fame
Earl Cunimmgs, a former
student of th j Mark ' Hop
kins Institute of Art, is the latest
to win recognition in Paris. From
information received yesterday by his
father, M. E. Cummings, who is em
ployed in 1 a responsible position in the
Board of .Public Works, it appears that;
Earl has just completed his first work,
entitled "A Portrait Bust," which has
been accepted by the Paris Salon. The"
subject .from whom . the bust was sculp
tured is a young lady, who posed as for a
photograph. She is a dear friend of the
Cummings family and is also studying art
In the French capital.
Earl Cummings left this city last Sep
tember to pursue his chosen calling, and
he is. at present studying under . the
famous sculptor Mercie, who is justly
proud of his pupil, as are also his friends
and his family here. The fact that Earl's
initial effort in sculpturing was accepted
by the Salon is certainly a guarantee of
his ability. - . "• .
I. A specimen of Mr. Cummings' handi-
work now occupies a space in a window
on the California street side of the Hop
kins Institute. It is a life-size figure
called "Love and Death."- The clever
young sculptor was principal assistant to
Douglas Tilden, who designed the Dona
hue monument, which is to be dedicated
to the mechanics of San Francisco, during
President McKinley's visit. From', present
Indications this city will have another
name added to the bright galaxy of
artists whom she can claim as her own. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 5.
. Thousands of the German-Americans
of Oakland and San Francisco took part
in the May festival to-day at the Alten
heim, the German Old People's Homo
at Fruitvale. The weather was in per
fect harmony with the elaborate prepar
ations that the various committees had
made. The beautiful grounds and
buildings were overrun with merrymak
ers and all day long there was a contin
ual round of entertainment for young and
old alike. The directory of the Alten»
¦helm took pride in exhibiting the Institu
tion to their guests, while the aged In
mates who had selected the place wherein
to spend their declining years were chil
dren once more under the enthusiasm oi
the fest.
' The programme of songs, orchestral
music and literary numbers was one or
the features of the day. The German or
ganizations which took part were the
Arlon Verein, musical director H. Holz
hauer; Harmonle, director D. R. Rleg
ger; Oakland Eintracht; Oakland Turn
Verein: Alameda Maennerchor, H. E.
Kaehler director, and Deutscher Club
of Oakland and other vereins.
The formal programme was opened by
an orchestral overture, followed by the
festival march of the directors. The com
bined singing vereins rendered selec
tions. .
Professor . Albln Putzer of the Univer-i
sity of California was the orator of the
day. The professor referred to the mar
riage of spring and winter, the occasion
for the celebration. He recited the
many charms of the Altenheim and
bowed with reverence to the aged people
who had come there to end their days in
peace and quiet, surrounded by all of the
beauties and charm of nature's best glft3.
He declared that honor should be paid to
old age and that there wei*B none too
young to learn ' respect for gray hairs.
The speech was followed by choral selec
tions. The festival poem, written by H.
Glauch, was recited delicately by Miss
Linda Priber. Miss Hochmelster sang
"The; Star Spangled Banner" with choral
accompaniment. The audience united In
singing "Die Wacht am Rhein." The
various singing societies gave a number
of vocal selections. After the pro
gramme scores of games were provided
for amusement.
The officers of the Altenhelm are as fol
lows:
President, Joseph Brar.denstein; first rlca
president, J. F. W. Sohst; second vice presi
dent,. Mrs. I* TVesthoft; treasurer. I*. S. Rose;
financial secretary, F. Habenicht: recording
secretary, C. M. Volkman; directors, Mrs. P.
Westerfeld. Mrs. Ellse Bahls, C. C. Volberg.
William Hoffschneider, G. Gutsch.
The general committee is composed of
the following:
President. Charles Volberg; secretary. L. ¦ S.
Rose; Mrs. Joseph " Brandenstetn, Mrs. B.
Broemmel, Mrs. Dr. Kreutzmann, Mrs. C.
Meussdorffer, Mrs. Bahls, Mrs. Habenicht,
Mrs. Dr. Drossel, A. Vorfeld, W. Hoft
schnelder,'. F. Jacoby, E.- Schnutenhaus, G. P.
Volz. . J3. Schammel, Martin Schoene. A.
Becker. J./Wunder. F. "Wlrbser.
The chairmen of the ¦ sub-committees
are:
Invitation— Mrs. L. Koester. Printing 1 — E.
Zschiesche. Benevolent and surety — "W. Sohst.
Decorators and entertainment — E. A- Otto.
Singing-— J. Alkalay. Music— E. Habenicht--
Refreshments— Mrs. "W. Westhoff. Bar— Joseph
Brandenstein, Waldmeister and Maltrank, Mrs.
'E. "Westerfeld. ¦ Reception committee— Joseph
Brandenstein, J. F. "W. Sohst, Henry Plage
mann, It. Mohr. C. Volkman.
Earl Cummings, Former Student in the Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art, Has His Initial Effort Amply Rewarded.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, . May 5.
Solomon Lewis, a" pioneer "of -California,
who opened one of the first hotels in San
Francisco, drooped dead this afternoon
at : 3 o'clock while walking on Seventh,
street, near Webster.: The aged pedestri
an had left his residence at 854 Alice street
only a few minutes before death called
him. and was enjoying a walk in thte sun
shine when he was so suddenly struck. «
The cause of death will have to be de
termined by a. post mortem examination.
For some time Mr. Lewis had been in
feeble health and under the care of a
physician. His condition was such . that
his family feared that the end might
come as suddenly as it did.
Among the Jewish people of the State
there are few better known throughout
California than was "Old Man Lewis," as
he was familiarly styled by his many
friends. He left his home in Poland as a
youth and came to the United States,
stopping a short time in New York. The
news of the gold strike In California at
tracted the young man and by 1850 he was
in San Francisco, where he went into the
hotel business, establishing a hostelry on
Sansome street that became famous
among the early residents of the city by
the Golden Gate. , , . , . >. ,'
As a pioneer - institution Lewis' hotel
was noted for its elegrance. Among his
guests was J. Seligman, now. head of one
of the great financial houses of New York
and London. The old- gentleman had
many reminiscences of the early life of
the men whose names became a part of
the history of the State.
•During the last twenty years Mr. Lewis
lived In Oakland and conducted a. jewelry
business on Seventh street, near Wash
ington. His shop is a landmark of the
city - -.v/'. *¦•••'¦-
¦He was active in fraternal onranizations
for many years, being affiliated with the
Masons, the Odd Fellows, the Leelon of
Honor and the Independent 1 Order of
B'nai B'rith. Deceased was 72 years of
age. His surviving family is composed of
his wife and three children— Mrs. Lee
Hechheimer of Chicago, who is now here
with her husband on a visit: Miss Gertie
Lewis of this city and George Lewis, a
wholesale merchant of Chicago. ,
Sacramento by Mrs. Welsel and Insti
tuted by Grand Trustee Mrs. H. Worms
is reported as booming.
Grand Trustee Mrs. . Jennie Weisel, in
company with her husband. Professor
Charles Weisel, left on the 1st Inst. on a
three months' tour of the East and.Ger
many. "
Improved Order of Bed Men.
, Last Monday Pohonachee - and Osceola
tribes conferred Uie warrior's degree on a
number of candidates.
On Tuesday Yosemite Tribe gave a bill
In Red Men's Hall that was' very enjoy
able. • !
¦ Great Sachem Brandon visited Ceanotha
Council, in Grass Valley, last night, and
to-morrow night he will visit Miami Tribe
at Auburn. •,
A new council of the Degree of Poca
hontas was instituted last week at Gey
serville by the great chiefs and a delega
tion from Yosemite Council.
There has been ' much work • lately in
adoption and conferring of the degrees.
There ; are ; prospects of a grand time
ahead. .The local 1 tribes and councils have
arranged a' family picnic to Sunset Park
on the-Fourth of July. ... '.../ ;-.
¦ Last Wednesday the great sachem, the
great senior sagamore, Past Great Sachem
Henry A: i Chase : and - other great , chief 3
visited Manzanlta Tribe, the oldest in the
jurisdiction. - Seminole Tribe was . present
In ! a body. , A pleasant . and instructive
evening was spent. -.¦¦;••
; P. i L. Bliss, G." C. of R., visited Tippe
canoe Tribe last Wednesday and gave in
structions in .the adoption, degree..-! V •
Fifteen bushels of flax from Argentina,
South > America; were sown as an experi
ment in North Dakota last year, and. the
result was so satisfactory that 6000 bush
els will be sown this. year on about 12,000
acres of land. ..¦.'•
Solomon Lewis, Pioneer,
Drops Dead While
Out Walking.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 5.
The first real-estate auction sale of the
season, was conducted yesterday by the
Laymance Real Estate- Company at its
rooms, 460-462 Eighth street, and the sale
was- a notable success. The .offerings
were as a rule of a character ¦ that ap
pealed to persons of moderate means.
The properties were home sites, some im
proved and some Investment parcels. •
The sale was brisk as to bidding, the
terms being liberal as to payment. -
Among , the pieces that were auctioned
were the following, the names of the pur
chasers ;being also given:
¦ A two-story colonial house, 3025 Ellis street,
Berkeley. It contained seven rooms, bath, re
creation hall, with a 'lot. 422109 feet. It was
bought for $2500 by Philip Roth.
A tower cottage with seven rooms, a lot 75x
150,. 1127 East Twentieth street, brought $2500
f rom C. • L. ¦ Edholm. .•¦¦•¦- ..-. ¦ .
A bay- window cottage with . a lot 50x140 feet
at 959 East Twenty-first street was sold for
fl600 to T. J. Golden. '
A lot 50xlS8 feet on Sixty-second street, be
tween San Pablo avenue and Baker street, was
sold for $325. .
Two stores, a five-room flat with a lot 27x125
feet . on Twenty-first avenue, between East
Twentyrflrst and East _ Twenty-second streets,
was sold for $1500. -. • . .
A bay-window cottage with lot 50x162 feet, 1031
Sixty-third street, was sold for $1350.
J. H. Macdonald & Co. were the brokers
in the sale of the north half of the Delger
block, Tenth and Broadway, to George
W. Hume.
The firm of William J. Dingee & Co.
announces that on Saturday, May 25, It
will sell by order of the Superior Court,
at public auction, the entire realty hold
ings of the Elizabeth Hutchinson estate,
consisting of the fifty feet occupied by
the Sanborn Nursery Company on Four
teenth > street near Washington;, a large
block of land on Telegraph avenue and
Bay place in subdivisions; some of the
choicest Piedmont residence holdings,
fronting on Vernal avenue; five acres in
Pleasant Valley, twenty lots in Clare
mont, and a block of land at the head of
New Broadway. Through an arrange
ment with outside capital, the firm is able
to announce that while the estate has to
realize coin, it is prepared to advance to
each of the purchasers at the, sale 75 per
cent of the purchase price, j payable in
annual installments. The properties in
this estate are some . of the very best
holdings in this city, and the Eastern
heirs are clamoring for money, forcing
the executors to sell at a time particu
larly advantageous to prospective pur
chasers. Judge F. B. Ogden and^Henry
M. Sanborn are the executors of the
estate.
DEATH COMES
TO HOTEL MAN
Company Opens the Year
With an Auction
of Realty.
?
Hutchinson Estate Holdings
to Go On to the Market
• This Month.
LAYMANCE SALE
IS SUCCESSFUL
Thousands Gather From San
Francisco and Oakland
to Make Merry.
Germans Have Gay Time
at the Home at
Fruitvale.
MAY FESTIL
AT ALTENHEIM
SAN FRANCISCAN'S WORK GIVEN
A PLACE IN THE PARIS SALON
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND BERKELEY
ALAMEDA COUNTY
"The evidence is plain that the fire was
deliberately started. On the ground, plain
ly visible, was a half-burned match that
was used, in my opinion, to start the
flames. It looks as if the incendiary had
placed a lot of inflammable stuff between
the shed and the small redwood boxlike
structure that had recently been built on to
the side of the building. There is no other
way the fire could have got such a start.
The burned portion of the woodwork is
ell on the outside of the building, showing
that the fire was not started from with
in."
A peculiar circumstance in connection
with this flre is the fact that it occurred
within two blocks of a double attempt at
burning the residence at 936 Filbert street
jiust two weeks ago. The police and fire
department officials attribute these fires
to the work of a "crank." The evidence
in the first case was plain. Big bunches
cf newspapers were stuffed between a
swinging door and the back door of the
residence and set afire. Boys saw the
flames in time to save the place, then
tenantless. An hour later an outhouse
was discovered in flames, a pile of news
papers having been fired. Neighbors ex
tinguished that blaze. The fire at the
Horton school was so similar in character
that an effort is being made to trace some
connection between the three mysterious
occurrences.
"While sitting by the window she no
ticed the flames, and without waiting to
call for assistance playea fireman herself,
with great success.
"It was fortunate that this attempt oc
curred when ;t did," explained Mr. Ben
fon to-day, after reporting the occurrence
to the police. "Saturday nights I am de
tained at the store- late, and it was on
that account that Mrs. Benson had not
retired.
To make sure that she had conquered
the flames. Mrs. Benson tore away a
email wooden ornamental J structure at
tached to the side of the shed, between
the boarding of which and the main build
ing the tire had evidently been started.
Assured that the fire was extinguished.
Mrs. Benson gathered up her apparatus
and returned to her home, where she had
been awaiting the homecoming of her
husband from his place of employment,
with \V. I. Reed, a grocer on Clay street,
near Twelfth.
Her well-directed efforts quenched the
Tire after it had burned a hole two feet
square in the rustic boarding and had
left a big mass of charred wood to mark
the failure of the incendiary to accom
plish .his purpose.
The flames that threatened the building
were seen by Mrs. Benson at 11 o'clock
from an upper-story window of her resi
dence, which overlooks the rear of the
Horton school. The plucky woman did
\ptot stand upon ceremony, neither did she
scream or give way in any manner to sud
den emotion. Instead Mrs. Benson rushed
down Ftairs. dragged a length of garden
hose through a gateway separating the
schoolyard from her garden and quickly
had a stream playing on the burning
woodwork of the latticed annex that was
eJl ablaze. -'•'-';
Only the presence of mind and prompt
action of Mrs. Alanson Benson, residing at
H16 Filbert street, saved the large frame
building at the northeast corner of
Twelfth and Filbert streets, occupied by
Miss Sarah W. Horton's private school,
from being destroyed last night by a fire
v/hich bears all of the earmarks of in
cendiary origin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 5.
— T"-
Three Attempts at Arson in
One Neighborhood Puzzle
the Police.
Woman's . Quick Work
With Hose Stops In
cendiary Fire.
FLIES ATTACK
HORTON SCHOOL
SOCIETY COUPLE
ARE ESTRANGED
Benjamin J. Smith and
His Wife &gree to
I Separate.
Out of Apparent Harmony
Bursts Sudden Storm
of Discord.
That there should- have been a separa
tion in the family is a source of surprise
and regret to many who know them.
Mrs. Smith has been secretary and one
of the active workers and soloists of the
club almost from its inception. She is also
the possessor of no little dramatic and lit
erary ability, as has been shown by some
of her recent work. She has written sev
eral little farces and dramatic bits, two
of which were produced and had to be
reproduced in behalf of the music com
mittee of the Unitarian Church, so great
was their success. One of these was the
little farce entitled "Kleptomaniac,', 1
which was written without a male part
in the cast. .•¦•¦- •' ¦ - .-¦
Mrs. Margaret Cameron-Smith is known
as one of the brightest women in Oakland.
She is one of the leaders in the musical
¦world and has taken an interest in the
Hughes Club for ¦ several years.t_Thls is
the leading female musical organization
in Oakland, and almost of the coast.
"There have been some little differences
between myself and Mrs. Smith which
are family matters. It is not of recent
occurrence,' but the cause is purely a
family one and one that I do not care to
discuss. In fact, the difficulty has only
come to a head with the announced de
termination of Mrs. Smith to leave home.
Mrs. Smith's musical and amateur
dramatic interests have had nothing to do
with the differences. She nas great abil
ity and talent in both of these lines that
has been recognized and I have never in
terfered In the least with the exercise of
her talents. Any impression that the do
mestic difficulties have been the out
growth of her musical and literary work
is not true."
Benjamin J. Smith and his wife are well
known in Oakland. Ke is one of the lead
ing general insurance agents in San Fran
cisco, a man in receipt of a large income,
and of esthetic tastes. He has built with
in the last year a magnificent residence
on the top of Linda Vista Terrace, and
fitted and furnished it in the most sumpt
uous style. There he has lived with his
wife, his mother and his sister.
Has Literary and Musical Tastes. '<
The Husband's Statement.
The harmony of the family of Benjamin
J. Smith is sadly out of tune. The mar
riage bells are all a-jangle. The demon
of domestic difficulty has driven Cupid
out of doors, and it Is now only a ques
tion of a settlement, for the separation
has already taken place between Mr.
Smith and. his wife, Margaret Cameron-
Smith.
There has been trouble brewing in the
household of Mr. and Mrs. Smith that
reached a culmination during the past
week. Mrs. Margaret Cameron-Smith left
her husband's roof, and now the work of
settling property matters is in progress.
This has all taken place so quietly that
few, even of the most intimate friends of
the family, knew what was going on in
the handsome home on the summit of
Linda Vista Terrace. Everything has
been, to all appearances, as harmonious
as the melody of song that Mrs. Smith
loved so well, and as happy as the little
dramas that she produced, but behind it
all there has been trouble and discord.
This discord has been suppressed, even
while negotiations for a settlement were
in progress. . :
Mrs. Margaret Cameron-Smith is not at
her husband's home. This Mr. Smith ad
njitfc, and he says that she has announced
that she will not return. "Mrs. Smith is
not at home this evening," he said; "but
1 cannot «ay that she has definitely left
home. She has not removed her belong
ings, but she has announced a determi
nation to separate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 5.
McKinley Day Committee— Hon. H. A.
Melvin, J. P. Cook, R- H. E. Espey, L. D.
Inskeep and H. D. Rowe.
OAKLAND, May 3.— The Seventh Ward
Republican Club has elected the follow
ing new officers: President, Dr. R. B.
Williams; first vice president, R. H. E.
Espey; second vice president, G. -E. Ait
kens; third vice president; F. H. Stewart;
treasurer, A. B. Clark; secretary, George
S. Pierce: assistant secretary. Dr. J. M.
Stalder Jr.; sergeant at arms, Bernard
Hanley. •
President Williams appointed the fol
lowing committees: Executive commit
tee — E. M. Hall Jr., O. K. McMurray. C.
A. James, H. D. Rowe, Hon. H. -A. Mel
vin, R. H. Cross, L. J. Hardy, Hugh
Hogan, F. W. Bilger, J. P. Cook and
James Moir.
Republican Club Officers.
Gell. a noted evangelist and writer, occu
pied the pulpit this evening at the Tenth
Avenue Baptist Church. He will depart
Wednesday for a three years' tour of the
missions of the world.
Revival services will be continued during
this week at Asbury Methodist Church
South. The pastor. Rev. J. C. Wooten,
will be assisted by Rev. W. O. Waggon
er and Rev. A. W. Hare
Rev. Joseph Smith conducted the ser
vices to-day at the Eighth Avenue Meth
odist Church. There will be evangelistic
services at the church Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday.
Rev. M. L. Berger, D. D.. preached this
morning at Brooklyn Presbyterian church.
The Dulpit of the Fknt Baptist Church
was occupied to-day by Rev. G. W. Hill.
a missionary, who recently returned from
Jepan. "¦¦ ¦
Rev. Ernest E. Baker, pastor of the
First Presbyterian Church, has inau
gurated people's meetings for Sunday
o venings. His text for to-night's discourse
was "The Average Man."
Rev. E. R. Dennett, pastor of the First
Methodist Church of Alameda, delivered
an address at the men's meeting this aft
ernoon at the Y. M. C. A., his subject be
ing Ralph Connor's story, "Black Rock,"
from which there were selections read by
Mrs. Estelle Hardy-Halsey.
THEMES OF DISCOURSE
FOR SABBATH WORSHIP
Churches Cover Wide Rang^ of Re
• ligious Thought in Their Pro
grammes for Sunday.
OAKLAND. May 5.— Rev. William E.
One Roof.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 5. — The
Leader to-morrow will say: At a time not
far distant the various producing factories
of the American Chicle Company will be
gathered at a given point and the biggest
part of the chewing gum used in Amer
ica will be manufactured under one roof.
At present several factories, the property
of the American Chicle Company, are .in
operation in various parts of the country.
American Chicle Company Will Do
All Its Manufacturing Under
CHEWING GUM: FACTORIES
TO BE CONSOLIDATED
Prosecutor Leach Reappointed.
OAKLAND. May S.— Abe P. Leach,
prosecuting attorney of the Police Court,
has been reappointed by Judge Allen for
two years.
David Rankin, the Missouri cattle king,
¦will plant 10,000 acres of corn this year.
employing about 250 men and utilizing 600
horse3.
BUFFALO. N. Y., May 5.— E. E. Jessup,
alias C. E. Brooks, the alleged head of a
trio of robbers who broke into the home
of Mrs. Ayers, in Lenawee, Mich, and
after binding and gagging her, robbed her
of J8000, was arrested here to-day.
Alleged Robber Is Arrested.
NEW YORK, May 5.— A special conven
tion of the United States Grand Lodge,
Independent Order Sons of Benjamin, held
to-day in this city unanimously voted to
amend the constiution of the order to al
low the wives to become members.
Women May Become Members.
Stranded Steamer Is Floated.
NORFOLK, Va., May 5.— The British
steamship Blowden, which struck "on the
shoals at Willoughby Spit yesterday,
floated at high water this morning.
A certain club in the west of Ireland
had among its members a certain discon
tented minority, who were continually
finding- fault with the arrangements made
by the committee. One of the malcon
tents on one occasion, after calling at the
clubrocm. left the following angry note
on the board for the perusal of the com
mittee: "Gentlemen: The hot water in
the lavatory is perfectly cold; there is no
cold water, as the tap is turned off at the
main; there are no tips on any of the bil
liard cues, except one that is broken and
of no use; the daily newspapers are con
stantly being mislaid, and the light is so
bad that we can't read them." — New York
Tribune.
"With a Pen Full of "Bulls."
Santiago de Cuba has a population of
*43,000. In January, 189S, there were 516
deaths, which makes an anual death rate
of 137.6 per 1000. In January, 1899, under*
military rule, practical sanitation was ap
plied and the deaths were 215, making ¦a'
rate of 60. In January. 1900, the deaths
numbered 120, a rate of 33.48. Now,-, after
two years of sanitary work, the" January,
1901, deaths numbered 80, a rate of 22.3.—
Indianapolis News. ¦•
•¦-¦'.¦¦¦•••>" ¦¦¦:.••
Improving Under Americans.
9
THE SAN FRANCiSCOSCALL, MONDAY, MAY 6, 1901.
Fancy Creamery Butter
Tour selection irv>
from the best square 3OC
known brands in California,
Gold Dust
Washing Powder Pkg 15c
Makes washing easy. Reg. 20c
Fancy Mixed Nuts lb ioc
Select quality— papershelL
I Chancerelle's Sardines ;
Double size can 15c ;
Best known French. Reg. 20o I
Heekin's Madja Coffee i
\ Java blend-. Poun <* P^g 15^
s whole beans. Reff- 20c 5
\ Giickenheimer Rye bot 75c |
Reg. U 00 i
Pure Kentucky Rye Whiskey— .5
Gold medal— Chicago, 1892. : <>
Finch's Golden Wedding «
Whiskey " Gallon $3.50 |
: Distilled 1887— never sold less than j>
'56 00 to. ?S 00 gallon. K
Oldest distillery . in America. »
Hunter Rye Whiskey g
SondayT Bottle 98c |
Velvet Cocktails Bot 75c |
Manhattan, Whiskey, Reg. O 00 «
' Gin, VermoQth — flasks . 25c and 50c ?Z
Zinfandel Claret Gallon 35c |
Mild and smooth— Rear. «0c K
Old matured.- »
POSTTJM CEBEATi.
SICK SCHOOL CHILDREN.
A Teacher Speaks of the Cause.
I have charge of the second grade in
the public schopls here, and trace nearly
every case of headache among these chil-
dren to Improper feeding. When a sick
child is asked what was had for break-
fast, the reply almost universally includes
a cup of coffee.
An illustration is that of my sister's
eldest boy, Will Wilson of Lennox, Iowa.
For a long time he had no appetite for
breakfast, but insisted on coffee, which
they would give him, weakened some with
cream, but no matter how little coffee he
had it brought on his bad spells. Since
they have been using Postum Food Coffee
in their family the boy Is well, and can
have all of the Postum Coffee he wants
for breakfast.
I was ordered by my physician to Quit
tbe use of coffee some time ago, for my
sick spells were directly traceable to It,
but I could not quit its use until I found
Postum. Then the change did not disturb
me in the slightest. The old troubles have
disappeared.
I . have a long list of friends who use
PoEtum and enjoy it very much, but in
every case they have had to learn that
Postum is only good when It is boiled long
enough to bring out the flavor. — Margaret
Ecroggs, 24 West Twelfth street, Hutchin-
eon, Kans.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 0, 1901.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
fa!!, corner of Market nnd Third street*: open
tsatlt 12 o'clock e%-ery night in the year.
TEANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
500 Hares street; open until 9:30 p. tn.
' C23 McAllister street; open until S:30 p. m.
€15 Lsrkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
JM1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
unt'l 9 p. m.
JOS Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1C96 Valencia street: cpen untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
Hirky ftreet?: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. ¦*?.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16. K. «<-£_£
T Golien Gate building. 625 Sutter 1
rtl-S-ted assembly THIS EVENING l|lj
nt S o'clock. All fraters are courteous- *&
ly invited. The annual election of of-
ficers will be held. _
ROBERT MCMILLAN. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal
Arch Masons, meets THIS E\EMNG. XX
Business only.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at _f%-
S o'clock. Stated meeting. 7WS
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec / ~r
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. »
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON- «^\_
DAY) May 6. 190L at 8 o'clock p. m. 1\J\
By order or the W. M. / "V >
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
PIONEERS— The regular
monthly meeting of the _*»$Pv'§w»»jg\
Society of California PI- /^kS|SR|SeKbKkw
oneem will b« held on
MONDA Y.May 6, 1901. at >W^j-fjfcf ! *&L
attendance is requested.
J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
A. O. H.. DIVISION No. 2— Officers and a^sr^
members are requested to attend the V\y»i
funeral of our late brother. PATRICK «\ftf
MOGAN. TO-MORUOW (TUESDAY). x %&
May 7. at 9 a. m.. at his late resl- 2^^
dence. 1S1 Randall st.
. JOHN KENNY. President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
A. O. H.. DIVISION No. 2— The regular
monthly meeting of this division v.ill V\wjf
be held at Hibernia Hall. 120 Ninth Je^H
street, on TUESDAY. May 7. 1901. at ffCW£
7:30 i). m. Nomination of officers for i*>SS
ensuing term. JOHN KENNY. President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Association—
A fu!I attendance Is requested THIS (Monday)
EVENING. May 6, at 7:30 o'clock, for the trans-
action of very important business. By order
A. CAMPBELL, President."
F. E. DURHAM. Recording Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet- ,
fng of the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market St.. San
Francisco. Cal.. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
r.f May. 1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock-a. m..
• for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Fridav. May 3. 1901. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGENTS IV ANTED.
1 CAN give steady employment to a few active
men and women; good pay. Apply to JAMES
Y. BEVERIDGE. Fresno. Cal.
<| — ¦
ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
bles. MRS. PR. FUKKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASPHALTIM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law: general law
practice. Room 22, 137 Montgomery St., S. F.
ADVICE frc-e: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees Jn advance.
BATUS.
RING up LANE. Main -815; he wi!l explain how
to get lovely hot water for baths without ex-
tra expense.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
FIRST-CLASS tandem for sale; $25. 671 How-
ard st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GIRLS C to 14 years old: English and Span-
ish spoken; country: mother's care. Box
36SL Call office.
2 OR 3 children to board: yard; best care; $10;
near Echool. 16C7 California st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1200 — STEAM laundry: long established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
JS50— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work; dally receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. SO Keamy st.
$250 — OIL route, horse, wagon and 300 patent
cans; this is an oil proposition that pays.
HORN', SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$lS00 — GROCERY, fruit and produce store do-
inc a business of $45 per day: full value in
Bight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN*. SOLOMON & t CO.
$650 — GROCERY and delicacy store doing fine
business: established trade; large profits: a
good chance to increase the business. HORN.
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
jr.OO— CANDY store and ice cream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit: fixtures alone
cost more than price asked; this is a genuine
bargain and it will pay to investigate.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. # 30 Kearny st.
$3000— FURNITURE store in best business town
on coast: established 17 years: sacrificed In
order to close estate: expense of investigation
paid by us If not found as represented.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
WE have two shoe stores for sale at nearly in-
voice price; call and get particulars; It will
ray you. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. SO
Kearny st.
WHOLE or half Interest In well-stocked, pay-
ing drug store on Market St.; rent only $65:
pood lease; owner leaving city on account of
sickness; a bona fide bargain. HORN. SOLO-
MON & CO.. ?0 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale.
$1400. or owner will sell half interest to good
buRinegs man for JSOO: will guarantee $1SO to
$300 per month, HORN. SOLOMON & CO..
30 Kearny tt.
WHOLESALE llqaor store; established U
year?; doing a business of $40,000 per year;
books open to inspection to reliable parties;
terms if desired; a Tare bargain. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 20 Kearny st.
$500— GENERAL mercl_ndlse store for sale at
a sacrifice: telephone exchange reduces rent
to 812. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. SO Kearny.
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny st- : telephone Main 1604.
A— $350; BAKERY, all Etore trade; good busi-
ness; No. 1 location; rent only $30; don't
miss this bargain. STRAND & KAISER.
508 Kearny et. v -
A — WE can sell a.11 kinds of business quick
for cash. STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny.
A-$2Q0: BRANCH bakery and delicacy Btore ;
receipts $15 day: bargain to-day on account
of sickness. STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kear-
ny et.
A STEADY man with $150 cash can make {SO a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny Bt., room 1.
SIGOO— PARTNER wanted in plumblnsr and gas-
fitting business: well-known business. For
particulars *ee McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*4
Market st.
J125-BOARDING and lodgln? house: near city.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market st.
$400— SALOON; north of Market St.; bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market «t.
$S50— FRUIT store In good location at sacrifice;
old established: good paying. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO 777% Market st.
AAA— 160 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries _id bars,
2f© candy and Icecream etores, CCO restau-
rants, 800 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
rvant to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES A CO.. 83S Market st.
FOR private cole — Some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO., S38
Market st. ¦ ,-.. \ -;
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candies, cigars, notions,
drug store*. *tc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
RANCHES— Fruit ranches. dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and K^neral ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market.
ICE cream parlor, restaurant, saloon, milk
ranch, lodging-house: all sl't-edge. paying
l.-urSnesp; make an offer. Business Board of
_Trade. 226 Pine tt.
DELICATESSEN— Fine , business; low rent;
Klr-kne*s cause of selling: trial given: price
*CCO. G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
. 917 Market *t.. opp. Mason.
FOR sale— A liquor etore, 7 rooms In back:
also cellar; In . a pood locality: account of
klckneca. Address box 2633. Call office.
BUSINESS CnAXCES— -Contlnncdl
A— JUCO; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest business location; rent
$39; investirate and make an offer: a rare
and good chance. Call R. O. WILKE, 26»*
Kearny st. ¦ -
A— $250; RESTAURANT on Howard St.: daily
receipts $25; rent $17; good prices: must be
sold at once. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A-S1200; COR. srocery and bar on California
St.; rood business. R. G. WILKE. -26*4
Kearny st. '
A — $1500; SALOON; most whisky trade;
daily receipts about $25; rent $40; clearing
above $300 per month; location one door off.
Market; stock and fixtures invoice price;
owner to leave for Alaska; offer taken for 3
days. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
$750— SALOON; rent $50; location. Pine and
Montgomery sts. ; business clearing above $1j0
per month. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny st. -
A— $1000: SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
large transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY store (without bar) doing
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
location In city. Particulars R. G. WILKE;
26H Kearny st.
A— $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny st.; rent $75: clearing $180 per month;
dally receipts about $60. Call R. G. WILKE,
26% 'Kearny. st. -' -
A— $4000; SALOON on Market St.: place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness- ret rent $135: sickness in family com-
pels 'owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26& Kearny st.
$4C0— MANUFACTURING business; partner
wanted: duties will be to keep plain accounts
and assist generally in running the business:
profits will average $90 a month to each. DON-
NELLY & CO.. 632 Market st.
A CITY drug store for $4500; monthly sales
$2000: this business will bear closest Investl-
gatlon. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.. by ;Call.
JSOO— SALOON; rare chance for the right man
to acquire a good paying business; guarantee
$200 per month clear of all expenses: cheap
rent; 9 furnished rooms: no better location
in the city. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
LARGE and profitable agency for San Fran-
Frisco papers In Interior town for sale. Ad-
¦ dress box 3021. Call office. ' .
A GOOD paying delicacy and restaurant at 411
Turk st.: no agents. • - .
EXPORT Department— Reliable. experienced
man desirins to quit road would accept per-
manent position with good house: thorough
Spanish scholar: personally acquainted with
leading Spanish-American firms; best refer-
ences. Box 3659. Call office.
$10,000 WILL purchase a leading interest In
best paying clothing and dry goods store In
the city; sales $75,000 per annum: good In-
come guaranteed: well established: requires
more capital to handle it. Address box 4026.
Call office.
HALF Interest in shampooing parlors will be
given a lady who comes well recommended
and Is first class in hairdressing and mani-
curing. Apply to MRS. E. R. DUXLAP. 34
Kearny St.. room 12.
A— $".->0: PARTNER wanted; money used In
enlarging a fast growing business: must be
sober, reliable man; no experience required;
no night or Sunday work. 25 Geary St..
room 1.
BUSINESS pror>osition : grocery ,and saloon
doing fine business In central location: also
flat of 5 rooms over grocery store; rent reas-
onable: call and see owner. E. CLEMEN-
SEN. 319S Adeline. Lorin. Cal.
AA— S400: GRAND opportunity for lady or gent:
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, 23d-ave. station. E. Oakland.
SALOON, centrally located, doing good busi-
ness. P. CLAUDIUS. Crown Distillery Co.,
1C0 Front St.
BUTCHER business in country town averag-
ing $63 per day: property will Invoice price.
Address E. . 615 Larkin st.
FOR sale?— Saloon with first-class fixtures:
house on leased ground: cheap rent. Inquire
jU 220 East st. . .
BEFORE you Invest another cent sttidy the
plan of the American Exploration Co., 1413
Call building.
LAUNDRY route for sale at a bargain. Ad-
dress box 3680, Call office.
FOR sale— Branch bakery and notion store. 591
Fourth st.: no agents.
FOR sale — Branch bakery and notion store. 591
Fourth st.: no agents.
I GOOD saloon, near city: bargain. 412 Exam-
iner buildlnsr.
FOR sale — Wood and coal yard. Inquire 16S3
Howard st.
FOR sale — Merchants' kinch house. Box 3667,
Call office.
LADY with small capital to Invest In lodging-
house. Call at SS Third Et. i
KHOE Ehop. with or without tools. 427Vi
Fourth Et.
FOR sale — Carpenter shop, with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after 6 p. m.. at 443 Third.
FOR 6ale— Good saloon; cHeap; proprietor goej
to Germany. Box 37SS. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SELECT A HOUSE FROM ALL
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
G-room flat on Haight $630
100 rooms: clears $400 7000
32 rooms; clears $200 20C0
16 rooms; on Powell...... 550
26 rooms: on Kearny 1600
14-room. boarding-house.; 1450
21 rooms; offer wanted 900
10 rooms; rent 527 50 350
22 rooms: rent $47 450
16 rooms; corner; fine for transient 1000
10 rooms; on Eddy st.. near Market 500
18 rooms: on Third st., near Market 550
14 rooms; on Mission st 650
40 rooms; rent 160; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market: clears $200 2000
27 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2600
20 rooms; on Geary St.; clears $135 2400
.8-room flat; sunny side • 700
5C0 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms. • • '
ABSTRACT FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
H. C. DECKER, 1C20 Market St.. opp. Sth.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. "We have cash customers
for all sizes and prlees">v
26 rooms: corner; money maker; reduced. .$1400
18 rooms; cor.: good furniture and carpets. 900
100 rooms; one-half cash, bal. 8 per cent.. 1500
34 rooms; rent $130;' elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans 2650
15 rooms: choice resident part city; ele-
gantly furnished: upright piano; modern;
i-4 cash: reduced to 1050
33 rooms: office; clears $100; 2 entrances.. 2000
8-room modern flat; well furnished 450
16 rooms; rent $50; mixed furniture 1000
50 rooms; 2 entrances; good furniture, car-
rets and location; always full; clears '
$150 3503
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN.
8 rooms; well furnished; good location. .$200
9 rooms; N. Market St.; worth double.. 300
18 rooms; fine corner; must sell: departure. 950
46 rooms; corner: down town; select: cash 2000
55 rooms: cheap rent: most desirable 2500
102 rooms: best money maker in cltv 5500
118 r. modern house; good cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Bldg.
719 Market st.: money to loan; tel. Black 1803.
11 rooms; rent $30: death of owner $300
14 rooms; rent $45; full: paying 700
IB rooms; corner; pay In Installments... 850
62 rooms; one-third cash; rent $135........ 3250
100 rooms; elevator: offices; income J1200..6500
27 rooms: velvet carpets: oak and cherry;
a very elegantly furnished house.
23 rooms; rent SCO; paying .1000
17 rooms: rent $50; clears $70 mo.; men.. 900
85 rooms; a very central house .;.. 3600
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st. opp. Mason. '
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
29 rooms; Van Ness: finely furn. : = only... 1200
22 rooms; rent $45; bis: snap 450
20 rooms; Market; rent $50; apartment.... 700
20 rooms: Eddy: part mortgage; make offer.
20 rooms; rent $50: location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
A HOME. 6 rooms, finely furnished, including
piano. $225; rent $16. FISHER, 935 Market st.
ATTENTION BUYERS! ,
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it.
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
' DONALD IN VESTMENT. CO.. «50 Market .
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses and ho-
tels to suit every buyer; this office Is licensed:
-I nm established since 1S92; I loan money to
. buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.'
WINSTON & WOLF :......
1025 Market st
15 rooms $750 SB rooms $1600
10 rooms .t'.'SOO 62 rooms 7.... 3200
61 rooms^ 2R0fl 27 rooms 2300
18 rooms : ,800 IS rooms ....". 1200
34 rooms 850 18 rooms 1050
18 ROOMS; Mission St.: rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms: Mason St.: rent $45; price $750. < 3
38 rooms on Howard: rent $S0: price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.: rent $75: price $1500.
12 rooms on Eddv nt. : rent $. : >S; price $630.
EUREKA REAL- ESTATE. 28 Sixth «t.
35 ROOMS, rent $S0; receipts about $200 :.$850
: 10 rooms; n»nt $50: clears $35 per month 660
$300— Lodging-house, 14' rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON Sc CO.. 30 Kearny st. -
JOSEPH BAILIE; 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging houses. '
FOR Sale— The furniture of a 7-room lodcing-
bouie; good location. 1215 Stockton it.
. ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ . -
i.: #; \ SPIRITUALISM. .-.- ; '
C. B. WHEELER answers- sealed questions.
reads flowers; business advice; come and in-
• vestlgate for the good and truth of my work;
' circles every evening, 305 Larkin St., • corner
McAllister, rooms 87 and 88; developing circle
and class; full explanation; admission 25c;
readings dally, $1, 10 to 4 p. m.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— . S ¦ ~~
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations: medical clairvoyant:,
treats, cures sick; cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell. tar. Gough: Ellls-
st.. car; sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
AFTER a Bevere illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
i world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles. Sun., "Wed., Fri. eve.: letters answered.
Reeld. (no signs), 613 Eddy, b»t. Hyde- Larkin. '
MRS. LOUISE - S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Macnetlo Healer. Room ! 14. 305 Larkin .
St.; tel. .Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS GILLINGHAM will read sealed ques-
tions. B p. m., 10c. 305 Larkin st. ; elevator.
MME. MARQUISE— Business, test medium;-
spiritual healer: sittings dally." 1126 Howard.
EARLE. 622 Geary Ft., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally: seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-night: 10c.
• i CLAIRVOYANTS.
mme. mT Bernard!
-. the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are tn trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told. how to overcome
them. Valuable advice, in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed;
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,--***- well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday. .
MME. VALEEN, removed to lC27Vh Market st.,
palmist and life "reader, psychic and mag-
netic healer; ' cures diseases and habits;
teaches how to influence people and be suc-
cessful in love and financial affairs.
PROF. MOSS cures you without medicine or
knife;. locates disease without questions: as
a healer, life-reader, palmist, phrenologist,
medium and teacher he has no equal Jn this
country. Located at '-*% Kearny st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 30. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate: Mme' Richards, astrological
palmist- and reader of human destiny, never
fails: readings-. 50c. S Hayes st.. nr. Market, j
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings daily; 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader.
I test medium; 25c up. 472Stevenson St., cor. 6th.
j MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken :tel. Howard 1S43.
MME. "WALTERS, great card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c. ?51 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c: gents aOc. 132 Sixth st.
MME. ZEREDA. ' the , pypsy: palmist: card
reader: 25c up: leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 44SV4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and Cth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
j MME. RAVENNA read? life fluently; business
! advice: names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth Et.
I — — J. — — — — ¦ —_—_——_—_. — — M— 1 — — — — »
I CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dlssrusted with poor . work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-3r.7 Tehama St.: tel. South 40.
j RUDOLPH & CO.. Carpet-beating Works: prices
I reasonable. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2351.
i SANITARY cleaning nnd dyeing company. 342-
I 344 McAllister st. : phone South 14G.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr. SS-40 Sth st.: tel. South 250..
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beatine and Reno-
vatlns Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-ClPaninsr Co.. 402. Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor."
CARPETS cleaned at tlie lowest rates. STRAT-
. TON. 3 Eighth st.: telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beatln? Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CAPE NO3IE.
PARTIES having claims on Gold Run or Blue
Stone. Port Clarence District, to let on lays
can be accommodated at Cape Nome Ticket
Office. B34 Market Ft. Apply at once.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains:: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less FueceFSful. Rorri 210. <>;7 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BOUBLE cottage; furnished: 8 rooms: near
park; large-. yard. Do? 36S3. Call office.
i DENTISTS.
AT~the~ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. E09 Ma£
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.,. you can
have your- extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of--
llce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 1
P. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. p.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filling?; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience;, no students; advice- free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O' Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns. $3 50: fillings,
50c; plates.' $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. . Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extraction when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141. Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering
as before; absolutely no pain; call inves-
tigate; examinations free. Ideal Dental Co."
6 Eddy 8t.,^rooms 44 and 32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c. ,
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $3 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
arniner building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st.,' cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. 5T
YOUNG, 1341 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mlllnery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor'i Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
G7jCLA^HER-MAKSH"cl>rie^e71^
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping; full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
. guagen. telegraphy, English, branches, civil,
electrical, and -mining engineering, etc.; day
& night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
PRIVATE Instruction In the English branch-
es by teacher with ' several years' - successful
experience; terms low. 19 Glen Park ave.,
near Howard and .Twelfth tets.; tel. How-
ard 2455. V . ¦' ' .
AIRES' Business College. 723. Market st.— Day
¦& eve.: bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. f life scholarship, $50; individual
Instruction ; positions secured ; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. ¦ law and . medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS .COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Us graduates. 303 . Larkin st. .
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mlnlng.mech.,sur-
v«?y, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. ]SG4.' Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course" of Ellis bookkeeping;" and* the
Gregg shorthand costs only : $60. SAn Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market ;ct.^-.**.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. . TARR. exp. acct.; ¦ 220 Parrott . bldg. .
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing,' removed to new , quarters,' rms. 40-45,
. Parrott , bldg. ; lndlvid.'.instruction; catalogue.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, .mandolin,
... CUltar; experienced. • 100S Mission at. -
EDUCATIONAL— Continued.
WANTED— A few pupils In ' all branches In
J oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
60c. Box-E. Call office. . ., .
J ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
I etc.: day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH . lessons given* by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 .McAllister st. _ -
E3IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor~^upply"co7r~24 Montgomery
ave.. tel. John 1481, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands. . miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc'
JAPANESE Employment office ahd. House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
, notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135. -
A. BALDASSI & CO., 206- Montgomery 'ave.—
French. American and Italian help supplied.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese I employment of-
flce; all kinds help. * 315 Stockton; Main 5138.
CHINESE and Japanese employment .of flce-^-
Best help. 411% O' Farrell fit. ; tel. East 425.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS references; young woman (29)
wishes housework In the country for the sum-
mer; where she can have 13-year-old girl with
her;, decent treatment more an^object than
. wages. Box 3694, Call office. , y t / ; r
RESPECTABLE Scandinavian woman wishes a
situation to do housework, small family: Is a
good cook; no postals. 13 Moss St., oft How -
ard. between Sixth and Seventh. .
A RELIABLE woman -wishes a situation; Is a
good cook and will db general housework: city
or country: no, postal cards • answered. ¦ 10
Stockton place, off Grant ave. -.
STRONG, good, willing woman; great house-
cleaner; can do most any kind of work; good
references: wages $1 per day and car fare;
good washer flannels.- 726 Mission; downstairs.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a place in
the city or country, in a family of grown peo-
ple; moderate wages. 776 Harrison st. ;">ear.
A YOUNG girl would like a position to work In
a store or to learn tailoring. Address 412
Linden ave.
A SWEDISH girl would like to get a place
for upstairs work; wages $20. Call at 2725
Twenty-second st. .. ;
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook, wants sit-'
uatlon to do plain cooking; no objection to the
country. Cook. Ill Geary st. , .
A STRONG girl wishes position to do general
housework and cooking. Please call at I 109
_Collins St., near Geary. _
WOMAN . wishes work by the day. washing,
ironing and cleaning. 3219 Twentieth st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do housework In a nice
family. Call after 10 a. m.. 951 Mission" st.
A- FIRST-CLASS French' cook desires sltua-
- tion ; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish took desires situa-
tion: best city reference. MISS CULLEN,
S25 Sutter st. . i
A WOMAN wishes situation: housework or
mind children; references. 370 Precita.ave.,'
bet. Folsom and Alabama sts.
A" COMPETENT woman wishes care of room-
ing house: city or country. Box 2232. Call
. office, Oakland. -
A NEAT, refined younsr woman would like a
position n« housekeeper where she can have
. a eood home. Box 3078, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— '-'CO rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baugage to and from ferry. <
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 22C0 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - - - -".
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
WANTED — By Japanese young boy a position
as office boy or In a store. IMAI. 723 Geary.
YOUNG -mm, German, age 24, sensible and
sober, who came from East, wishes a posi-
tion in store or office: is a good accountant.
Write or call between 2 and 6 o'clock every
afternoon except Sunday 118 Eddy st.. rm. 3.
WANTED — A position as gardener on private
place or residence; many years' experience;
steady and sober man. Pleas«» address or call
1309 Stockton st. / "
YOUNG man of 25 wishes position as salesman
in furniture store; can do- upholstering, car-
pet laying and collecting. Address box 3091.
Call office.
ELDERLY man wishes work: tend horses and
cows and make himself useful about place:
willing to work for small wages; city or
country: references. if required. 278 Natoma. ;
A GOOD, fcteady wheelwright and wagon- !
maker wishes steady situation: no objection j
to country. State particulars and address
box 3062. Call. • . ' '¦ \
MANAGING • foreman who • thoroughly under- !
stands farming In all its branches Is open for
an- «ncageinent; first-class references. Box
2067, Call. __ L >.
EXPERIENCED man and wife wish situations ]
to do eeneral housework; man handy with i
tools: country preferred. 617 Third St., up-
stair?. ¦ ' • :
WANTEtf-Positlon by an experienced man
as cashier or manager In a restaurant: day or
night. Address S.. room. 24. 31S Kearny gt.
STEADY man wants a few hours' work each
day; am employed part of the d»j\ Box
3668. Call office. . - i"
MAN and wife, with their own help, wish to
do the work and take charge of a ranch;
good references. J. D.. 114 Juniper st. •
WANTED— A chance to bo to Alaska to work
in the mines with fare prepaid. Address
FRANK CROFAUGH, Mountain View. Cal.
A PRACTICAL, mechanic desires a position as
foreman or superintendent of building con-
struction. W.. box 3085. Call office.
YOUNG man. experienced, wants, position as
assistant 'bookkeeper or office work: firfct-
class'refs. ; good penman. Box 3066. Call.
A CAKE baker and confectioner wishes work
fcr 2 or 3 day* per week. Apply 127 Arllng-
ton st. '¦¦ '
ENGINEER wishes situation; has a license.
Address box 3657.- Call office.
YOUNG man. }0 years' experience ¦ dry goods,
all departments; Al reference. Box 3094. Call.
YOUNG • Austrian wafter desires . situation:
• city hctel or summer resort. Box 3075. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllrnorc
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st. •- '
~ FLATS TO LET.
f ¦ .-^ . ¦ .
$22 50— 8-ROOM upper fiat.
No. 715 Castro St., near Twentieth.
$15— 4-room flat on Twenty-third
and Castro sts.
$.27 BO— New upper flat, six rooms, cor.
18th and Hart forti sta.. near Castro. —
6-ROOM flat, furnished or i unfurnished, with,
bath, garden; bo small children. 1131 McAl-
• lister st. . _ . . . ¦ . ' --
FLAT, 7 rooms, STORE: living rooms; modern.
3808 Seventeenth St.. cor Sanchez. - ** - N
UPPER sunny flat. 3 rooms, kitchen, bath.
Innuire 1945 Geary St.
ELEGANT new sunny flat. 9 rooms. 876 Eddy
. St.. near Van Ness av«. ' '" -
FLAT. 439 Fourth— Sunny bay-window; 7 rooms
and bath: In good order; reasonable rent.
MODERN top flat. 5 clean rooms: warm belt.
881 Capp st, near Twenty-fourth." '
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
-. Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
FLATS TO LET— Furnished.
COLE, 604, corner Page, park panhandle dis-
trict — Nicely -furnished . sunny upper flat. 7
¦rooms and bath; > 4 months; $40. : Call alter
10 Tuesday. -,- .' -- ¦ ."- . ¦
NEW furnished upper flat, 6 rms. ; 2 or 3 mos.;
' adults; refs. 1830 Polk st., baf ore: 1. " '
.FURNITURE ¦ FOR SALE. ' ;
4 ROOMS^TuTnTshedTiToak. $48 50/ with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
¦ stoves:, give us a. trial. .1114 MIsslon'Bt. •
, FURNITURE WASTED.,
TO receive hlghestvalue for furniture, carpets,
' etc.. see W.E.Cody. .757 Mission: tel. . Red 3353.
BEFORE- disposing of ¦ your ¦" furniture . . see
; Golden Gato Auction Co., 923 Howard st. -;
"ART goods and fine' furniture bought; Indiana
¦Auction, Co... U7. Sutter. st. ;. tel.. James 141. .
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 "Kearny. buys &
j sells. your bus., merchandlse.fur., carpets., etc.
IF you want to sell furn.,' mdse., etc.,' see J. A.
Munro & Co.". 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., payshlghest
t price for, second-hand furniture; tel." Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. VIncent.1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
• furniture & furn'd houses. bought; spot cash.
CHAS. .LEVY buys . your .' furniture. -.. carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.;. tel. Jessie 761. j
HELP WANTED— -FE3I ALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .....104 Geary St.
.- HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses.v first-class hotel, city. ......... $20
3 dinner waitresses, hotel.- steady work... 75c
2 waitresses, same commercial hotel ..$20
n2 j waitresses, summer resort. ......\.$20
2 waitresses, summer resort, see party here
•••--......: $20
4 waitresses, restaurant, fee paid. ...$10 week
Woman, general work, hotel, Sonoma — $20
Chambermaid to wait. Gllroy, fare paid..*20
Waitresses, Colusa. fare paid $20
¦ Chambermaid to wait. Mar In County...... $2i
Waitress, arm work, San Jose.. .....$2>
Waitress & chambermaid, summer resort. .$20
German chambermaid, ' first-class resort $20
2 chambermaids, city ::.... ..$15
¦ 5 fancy ironers, city and country..... $10 week
2 girls for bottling oil ........$4 week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
25 housegirls, different parts of the State. 2
fare paid to > n]l.... v $15-$25
' Any women or : gfH» looking for employment
as housegirl. second girl. cook, nurseglrl. can
obtain same at wages, from $10 to $30 by ap-
plying to -^. '
¦ C. R.' KANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E.'. DAY & CO.... ..Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT — :
Second head waitress, large commercial ho-
tel. $30; 10 waitresses, first-class city hotels,
I $20 and $25: S waitresses, very best commer-
cial hotels. $20 and $25; 3 waitresses, springs.
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait, city and coun-
try, $?0; chambermaid, country, $20;. cham-
bermaid, $6 week, sleep home....... -
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
I Cook, small family. $30: second girl. Berke-
ley, $25; housegirl, small family, ¦ Berkeley.
$25: many really choice family places, city
and country, best wages. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO.. 335 Geary st. '-.'-, ' :
HOUSEWORK girl. Oakdale. $30; chamber-
maid and laundress. $30. ' cook same place:
a woman to assist In a boarding-house, Shas-
ta County. $20, fare paid; cook, restaurant,
$8 per week; cook, workingmen's hotel. ' $30.
.MISS CULLEN. '.
WANTED— A first-class laundress for family,
to go short distance In the country, wages
$35. see lady at hotel Monday. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter et. -
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work, and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
Jence: wages $25 per month. Address P. . O.
/ box 196. Pan Rafael. ¦'
WANTED— 4 waitresses, $35 a month, no Sun-
. day work, hours 6 a. m. to 6 p. m. : waitresses
for lunch, 11 a. m. to 2 \>. m.. 75c; call early.
FLOYD'S bar and cafe, 118 California st.
STRONG middle-aged woman to do housework
and assist with the. sick. S27 Valencia St.,
, forenoon, . -¦'!;•'¦*¦ '"'"' :
WANTED— A girl. 12 or 14 years f>ld as "com-
panion; will be paid by the month. Call at
2S00 Pacific ave. . %V ¦".'
WANTED— 10 girls to learn waiting at table;
permanent positions; short hours; good pay.
. A prly 1?7 Mason St. ' ' -
WANTED— 4 experienced waitresses for per-
manent positions; good pay; short hours. 127
Mason st. ._,..: ¦ '
GIRL to do cooking and general housework: no
¦washing: wages $25. Call after 9 a, m. at
1 Scott St. ,
WANTED— Girl for general housework: small
family adults, flat; $20; references: call after
10 a. m. 1726 Turk st.
FINISHER on custom coats; steady work; good
pay. 410 Kearny St., room 34.
OPERATORS en butcher gowns, aprons and
' coats. 455 Eddy st. , . .
"WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
Apply with' reference at 2440 Pacific ave.
NEAT German or Scandinavian girl for cook-
ing, and housework; wages $30. 2520 Vallejo.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; -paid while
- learning. 121 Post St., room 43. r ¦ ' -
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work and cooking; $25. 709 Mason st.
I 2 WAITRESSES wanted; $3 per week. 5 East
street. . . . • - . ¦ ¦ -
WANTED— Girl to do cooking and 'general
housework; good wages. 13S Twelfth st.
WAITRESS on short, light work; good wages;
small restaurant. '6S6 Geary st. i
CHAMBERMAID wanted at the Roscjdale. 321 j
Ellis st. v- ¦ ¦ |
j COMPETENT cook, $25. Apply Maudsley Sarii- ;
I ¦ tarium, 2111 Pine st., at 10 a. m. only.
J ASSISTANT stenosrapher:- good speed on
] Smith Premier: hours 8 till 6; salary $20 per
• month. Call S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Mar-
ket.st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power i
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at i
GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICHELS, 531
Mission St. '
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. Zl\*> Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. -
WANTF.D-rE-xperienced saleslady, lace and
glove departments, retail dry goods house; |
state Ia5t position. Address 3C9C, Call office.
AN active saleswoman, with good preference,
will receive .permanent employment at 717'
Emma Spxeekels building.
WANTED— Refined, cultured woman by whole-
sale house: $45 and rapid promotion. Box
3684. Call office. -
BOOKKEEPER and cashier; must be thor-
oughly competent in double entry and have
first-class references. Box 37C0, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 525 Market St. . ~~
SHIRT and overall operators: Inexperienced;
paid while learning. HEYNEMANN & CO..
410 Mission st. , r
EXPERIENCED operators; also learners. G.
W. REYNOLDS. 537 Mission St., cor. Second.
¦NEAT young girl to assist In. family of three;
$10. 217 Third ave.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom vests. 26
Elgin Park, between Herman and 13th sts.
FORELADY for ladles' underskirts; permanent
position. BAUER BROS, CO.. 21 Sansome.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 335 Mar- I
ket st.. room 16.
"WAITRESS wanted; call early. 519 Post St.
WANTED— Girl to assist; good home. 829 Tay-
'or ave.. Alameda.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
[ ' '
HELF WANTED — MALE,
, AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.". ....104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK
Free Fare Fee $1....; Free Fare
For the big tunnels Chatsworth Pa»k
•Headers, $2 50 Cornermen. $2 50
Drillers. $2 50 .....Outside laborers, $1 75
See boss here ,...<.. ..Ship daily
20 laborers for reconstruction and ballasting
track '....$1 75
Free Fare Fee $1 Free Fare
Engineer and electrician to take charge of
and keep in repair an alternating plant, com.
pressers and- air drills, long Job, see party
here $60 to $75 and found
6 farmers for orchard, Alameda County... .$23
'Man to take care of horses and milk cows for
¦Alaska, $30. see boss here: blacksmiths, $2 50
and $3; helpers. $1 25 and $1 50; 6 milkers. $30;
• can washer. $25; woodchoppers, $1 60 a cord.
: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, restaurant, ' $100; second cooks.
broilers and fry cooks, $50. $60 and $63; bread
and cake baker, yCountry hotel. $60: baker,
r springs, $50; cook, .small resort. $40: porter
and assist waiting, 'country hotel. $40; oyster-
man, $45: 20 dishwashers and kitchen hands.
> '$25 and $30: 10 hotel and restaurant waiters,
$30 to $45; porter, city, $30; hotel porter, $25.
Extra '. second cook and 2 extra dishwashers
,for country hotel; fare. paid both ways.
Colored waiter, ; country hotel. $35. j C. R.
HANSEN & CO....... 104 Geary st.
TWO hall boys for club. 522 50 , and board; 2
¦ shop . bakers, . country. $40 month . and . $12
week -and found;- hotel baker, country, $45
and found; oyster man, $45; boy for house-
¦ work, $15:. boy to learn baker's, trade, $10
and found and increase; hotel waiters for
country. $27 50- and $30. and' dishwashers and
.others. J. F. CROSETT ¦& CO., 628 Sacra-
.mento st. . • , : . ¦;."'-'
TWO carpentjrfs for country. $3 50 day; - 6
single hand miners, $3 day and board; 6 car-
men for mine,' $10; bark peelers. $35 ~ to $40
and board; woodchoppers, $1 25 to $165 cord;
woodsmen. $40; laborers about mill. $30; 3
blacksmiths. $3 day: boys for planing mill,
$5 to $10 week; boy for. factory. $1 day; car-
riage painters. $2 50 day;. machinist. for coun-
try. $2 50 day:- bootblSck. $o week, and many
others. J. F. - CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento St. > "X
AT CAL. EMP.AGCY., i'»9 3d.' phone John 3131.
" -Railroad Men— Ship To-day.. --.,.'
20 men for track work.... $1 75 to $2 per day
Free fare...... ......"........"..'; Free fare
20 laborers- for. railroad work, f "
-10 'mill and woodsmen, free fare
10 lumber -piters.:.;..;. ..$3T>.to$43 pet 1 month
10 experienced- redwood tiemaker9.....;..:.llc
6 men to make pickets. .:;'.... $6'per thousand
6 men to make posts ;...$3 per hundred
; 6 me^i-to cut wood.. pine," 4 ft....$l 25 per cord
' 2 spool-tenders, lumber woods, .$50 and board-
QUARRYMEN • .:....... .TO-DAY
i * 15 laborers for quarry.. $2 per. day
10 pick - and . shovel men...'... .......to-day
: 2 house painters ..". ...S2 50 per day
4 : milkers.... .........,...:."..... ..$30 por-month
• 10 farmhands,' haymakers. -etc...." ....:.:;.:
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
..meets to-night. S:30,- 32 O'Farrell ''I.'' L»ss. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' InternatlonaUUnion—
¦Free employment; only recognized 'Union. 927*
, . Market : st., ; room 207. . I. LESS.; Secretary. :
PRESSERS ; and ibushelmen :¦ steady' position!".
:-. Golden : -Wesf; Clothing' Renovatory,- 12 ' Mont-
- - gomery st. . ,'
' a iit-tjtj a v x, rfadt . Phone Main 5843
Z Leading-Employment-and-Lator Agcn
....Office open "to-day (Mondaj) T »• ° y
LOS ANGELES & SANTA p RB Ar E
FREE-FARE F^ E ~t^Smi^'.
. ...$1 Office— Fee-and-No-Other-Expenses...
............: WE— SHIP— TO-DAY -.--•••" ; s
Carload of laborers for S. P. , K V,. wages
own- work, no experience requir^i. s
$1 75 and $2 25 day..... '....FREE-l am
TEAMSTERS-AMADOR-CO-NEW— WORK
! 10 2-horse teamsters. 1 year's wo f k -i;-;r d y
10 4-horse teamsters. 1 year's work..$- -•> a ™
MECHANICAL-HELP • :_
2 canfp blacksmiths, no slioein?.. ..•-•¦-••••
15 blacksmiths, shops-, camps and rony
, ¦ $3 50 day. $75. $65 and !40 8ndfMin«
4 blacksmith helpers.... $52. $40 and ?•* * "!
.^Woodworker, wagon maker, carriage painie«
' -.. MISCELLANEOUS..- ••••••• - r ;
10 laborers." sawmills ¦ and woods $-6. »«
paid; 25 -crosscut sawyers, tree fe"* 1 *- P*V£
pealers. etc S 40 and **
12 machine and single-hand miners. ySTXSi
. ........:,.... $75 and found. $60
23 drHlers. city and iountiy..$60 and $>2 « *"
25 laborers, city wort.. M2 a P d f^l
27 haymakers. r run mowers, etc.... $26 and ?¦£
25 butter makers and milkers.. $37 oO. S*^. **'
10 choremen and boys.'...... ...$25. $30 and $1>>
....... BAKERS-COOKS— WAITERS •••••;•
Cake -baker/country shop • V.i-
40 bakers, different shops.... $3<\ $40 and $•*>
50 cooks, cfty and country _•
...:.$50.$40. $12 and $U week
50 waiters, city and country $2o. $30 and s.*>
2 boys .to deliver circulars ¦.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— 1 chief ccck. $W0 per month: also
1. $90 per month; second cook. $10: "yfxx
$6f>: 2 broilers. $S0 and $65: 3 dishwashers. $30
per month: vegetable men, $25 to $33. Appu
'. 127 Mason st.
IF you are out of a Job send 5 cents In stamps
for sample of "The Bachelor's Friend' and see
how quick you can make money. J. HAN-
SEN. 2907 Ellis St.. Berkeley^
WANTED— A steady, sober man to work about
a milk depot and drive: $30 per month and
found; Scandinavian preferred. Call at Uj
Noe st. ~ -
WANTED— Steady man satisfied with S15 to SIS
per week: light work: must have $125. READ
& CO.. 1007% Market gt. .
A BUGGY washer and 2 hostlers who thorough-
ly understand the city Tamd drive: wages $60
per moth. PETERS' STABLES. 1314 Grove st.
BRIGHT boy about 16 to learn loeksmithinsr
and bicycle repairing. Call between S and
12 at 755 Mission st.
WANTED— Men can make big money selling
tickets to witness launching- of battleship
Ohio: good commission. 301 Examiner bldg.
COATMAKER to work Insider steady place.
135 Stockton st. \ ' ¦
COATMAKER wanted to work la. store. 3056
¦ Twenty-fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS sotxr bedmaker wanted; call
at 8 o'clock. 149 Third st. '
WANTED— Man, general housework, at. 1443
Harrison st. ¦
4 FIRST-CLASS carpenters at 2007 Fillmore st. ;
• come early and bring tools. ¦
LUNCH waiter; call early. Powell and Beach
streets. '
WANTED— Dinner waiter. 433 Ellis at.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 17 Washlnjton St.
MAN for porter work- and make himself useful
about a saloon. 1231 Market st.
3 MEN, pick and shovel. Fifteenth.and Rail-
road ave.; take Kentucky-st cars.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C2 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ERRAND boy wanted. 1117 Market St.
WANTED — For first-class lunoh house, first-
class waiters: JULES. 315 Pine st.
DISHWASHER: $23 month, at Potrero Hotel. I
201 Twenty-second st.
WAITER, $25: upholsterer. $25; 2d porter. Ger-
man preferred. Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave.
WAITER wanted. €13 Clay st.
BARBERS— 3-chair outfit for sale cheap. Call '
435 Jessie st. j
"WANTED — Tinsmith and plumber, who is a
good B flat cornet player: permanent posi-
tion at good wages; also ship ' carpenters, I
who are band men. Address box 73, Marsh- |
I field, Oregon. j
WANTED— A young man. age between 16 and
20. for retail dry goods house; state last
, position. Address box 3093, Call office.
BLACKSMITH helper; one that can drive on j
shoes. J. H. DUTCHER. Llvermore. Ala- |
raeda County. Cal.- . . - . . I
I CASHIER for a solid business; pays $250 'mo.: i
must have $I0CO. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market, j
WANTED — Active partner with small capital I
in paying; commission business. Box 3C7S.
Call building. j |
WANTED— A good bedmaker. Dewey Houses
32 Er.st st. [
WANTED — Waxthread machine operator.
i Trunk Factory, corner Seventeenth and Fol-
! som sts. , - - .
j WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman; '
state age. experience and salary expected. |
Box 3086. Call office. j
; WANTED — Recruits for the 'marine coros, IT.
! S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
' character, between the ages of 21 and 33: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 j
! inch, able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting !
Offlee. 40 Ellis St.. San Franciscp. . . . j
MEN— Cur catalogue explains how we teach !
the trade in two months, saving two- years; j
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture are
all made to our .own order, with a view to
cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st-
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— First-class carriage bl*cksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER &. SONS
CO., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tlon, 127 Mason St.. restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female: register at once;
permanent positions: good pay.
WANTED— A young man to clerk In bazaar
business; must have had experience as clerk
and come well recommended. Address \
SCHLUETER & CO.. Oaklarnjk "
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver. House, 217 Third st.: 150 largo
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.''
PENSION AGENT. EDWARD A. BULL.IS.
.Past Commander Geo. H\ Thomas Post, G.
A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. S06 Market st.\
BARBER shop, lively country .town", for sale-
two chairs, baths. Apply DECKLEM AN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st. . -
FOR sale — 2-chair first-class 15c barber shop-
central location. 12 East San Fernando St..
San Jose.
PENSIONS— J. H. ' SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearsts bldg.; Third and Market, room 316.
SMART- honest errand boy with recommenda-
tion. Shirt Store. K5 Valencia st. .
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting: 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission iSC. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
2 GOOD representatives for Oakland: refs.
Pacific Coast Purchasing Assn.. 206 Kearny.
BOY in drugstore; 16 years. Address Drugs?
¦box 3077, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors wanted; high
wages; steady. P. VERDIER. 984 Geary st.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.' /
COATMAKER and pantsmaker " for country
-Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
"WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWINiG MACHINE CO.. 300 Post st. ¦-% ;
WANTED— ICO men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes.. $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD &: PERRY have SOO-ralrs second-
hand shoes for sale. KOc up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS fc CO.. 113 Kearny st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition !
g.-F. Darber School. .741 A Howard St.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
• ket-7C0 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; fr«e
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED . advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cnll branch office. ?2<V) Fillmnr" *t
; _ HOnSES^.4XD WAGONS.
40 HORSES ' for sale: also wagon™buggler
J* 1 " 1 !-. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market'
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesdav
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers^ y "
A:HIG"H-GR*ADE rubber, tire road wagon and
harness; hanOsome 6-year-old mare; complete
I gcin %i£^ c »" dttl °"; P** $300. P Box
S \,f" VETERINARY College will commence Its
,. 3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
.M. L. Pancoast. sec. . 510 Golden Gate ax"e.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAS & SON. 2117 Mission st.
G u°£ b , usl , ness horses, wagon .homes, heavy.
Hgnt.-fast pacers and trottera:- 721' Howard.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, v single, also light
camping wagon, for .; sale cheap? 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for ctr
cular. G. H. UMSSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— CLEAN sunny, 3 room3; pretty front~i^
den: $8. 3672 Sixteenth St.. near Market.
! UNFURNJSHED houses- of 5 and 6 roorrsiTTi
renf In Bslvedere. Apply DAVID BUSH io
Montgomery st: •
i — . ¦ _
I APPLY 2S Morris ave.. off Harrison, bet. Fifth
i and Sixth; v.-ater free: sunny; 5 rooms.
17 ROOMS, bath, sunny yard: suitable for t
I families: $14; water free. .405 Greenwich st.
HlV-HOUSE. 3 rooms; yard; water free.
Eighth st. " V
HOUSES WAXTED FVRNISHEd7~
j TO LET— Modern furnished flat. 6 rooms ana
bath, piano, etc., to September 1; ch«ar>
1530 Grove st.. 2 to 4 p. tn.
COL :1I51 FLT !!xL!£ HEI> i!£H: SES '~
STANFORD University grounds— Comfortably
furnished house of 10 rooms to rent for 2 or J
month?. Inquire C. C. BEJI1S. 32J Montsom-
ery st. '
FOR rent In Belvedere, desirable modern c^t .
tage 5 rooms, piano. Call or address 221JTI
- Sutter st.. clt»: phone Pine 205fi.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HELEN JAY DU BOIS; No. 108-28!.
The finder will pleas? return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolt».
jewelr. 24S O'Farrell, bet. Fowell and Mason.
"matkimoniajl.
I YOUNG man American, good habits. wistr>»
I to meet young lady: object, matrimony. Bo*
( 3632. Call oftlce.
! GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy !adb»
I send lCc for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis ,-t.
I UX contemplating matrimony send 10 cents
j for "The Wedding Bell." IS Mason st.
I MATTRESSES AXD IJPHOJ.STERY.
MATTKKriSES and pillows; tel. South 732;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
I cleaned: pxpert carpet cleaning; strictly reli-
! able. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-S2O Eleventh St.
; "mining and assaying!
GOLD mine fcr sa!e: 10 stamps: paying: pr!e»
$4500: half down. ter:iis for balance. Address
box 273. Grass Valley. Cal.
M __ ICA j_
A— RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinata
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
! no other treatment will do this; the most dtf-
'; ficult cases treated; scientific methods suar-
[ anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 101S Markt.
I A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to gi«»
Instant relief for all female complaints: the
longest and mest obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; iw
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market st.* next to Owl Prog Store.
A— Dr. V. Popper, the well-known female spe-
cialist, cures all female complaints In one
day the longest and most obstinate cases
relieved without pain: every woman her own
physician: can be sent: experience In all
enses for 37 years. 12 Ma?on st.. near Market.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market, ladies'"
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treated,
by our wonderful herb, remedy: a rellabi*
treatment, superior to ar>y other: positive cur«
guaranteed at office: patients treated can rt-
turn same day: harmless; consultation free.
DR.- and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market St.. nr.
6th — Expert specialists: well known and reli-
able: 25 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
! avoid Incompetent specialists: consult free.
MRS. DR WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yr?.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment: home r>»for«» and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable la-
! deta* specialist: best m<»d!cal care: low fees.
! JIISCELIjANEOUS^KOR SALE.
! BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. JIo
} INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont st.
! BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
! ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
I In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. IC17. 1019. 1021. 1023
¦ Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
!a — BUYS, -sells or. rent3 gear machinery, en-
; gines. boller3. water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
: etc. Vv'HITELAW, 21S Spear st.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for $350:
L cost originally $1000. , UNCLE HARRIS. 15
j ' Grant ave.
; WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.:
i will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON. 553 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds boutrht.
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. .WHITE.
I 516 Mission st.
A— $"5 30 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
. lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine, j
FINE suits. $10; dress cants. $2 73. MISFIT
i CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgomy/
TEHAMA. 217— Two dozen pigeons; cheap.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, haps and dresi
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 EUlajst.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
GAS engine, one horse- power, $73. Shirt Store,
633 Valencia st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and Cd hand moving* pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
A FIRST-CLASS square plar.o for 530. UN-
CLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modem engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG Co.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand:
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC andi magic lantern goods-
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C3-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-haad*~u^rt^bt~piano" or or-
ir n k f ° r « Cash " H ' L ' WHITEHEAD . *«o*
TILTON wants good second-hand clothins and
theatrical goods. ,154 Ninth: tel. Folsom 2T.22.
' Y _J£.° LOAN.
A-MONEY to loan at rates wWch ? people~caa
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do
not borrow of your friends or you will los«
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ~~ ~~~ ~~"
• ••¦• • .- IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY
630^i M i a J" k i et . "*• Loana on estates In probatel
undivided Interests In estates second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- first
second mortgages, estates in probate Interest
In estates, leg-acies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
.. Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN!
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages. undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought- no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
H , I . GHL , T /"Pcctable. private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Mar'cet
st. ;tel. Main 1644. Branch 15 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no .removal; no commission; confMen-
, tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. Mi Jon?s.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal- money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room SS.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
1 * loaneJ - c !i ASE » 64S Market st.
3% on furniture and pranoTr${r. up: no 'rnnovaf:
no commission: private. Room 31. « Eddy st.
MO 7 X t E , Y loan f d salaried people without security!
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants* Ex.. 4.1 California.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York nlan TKB
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott hulkllng
LOANS.' ls-t or 2d mtgs; city, country. 6%. unrtl-
vldcd Inta. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
LOANS on salaries without Indorse or seour- •
ity: Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan hldsr.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos: no removal:
low rate; strictly prtv. UckV 116 McAllister.
°£ S i^It^ S T^ wa<res: no «ndor*er requlre-1. S
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan -on rear estate or for buiidln/:
low. rate. 222 Sanaome-st.. room 3. >
CASH -loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. . 603 Examiner buildlnx.HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
B H Bush,- Stanford ; ¦
J Howard, US A ' f*
T Robinson & w. Oak
W P Serews.U S V/_
W A Paul. U S'V •
H K Owen, San Jose
LE Wilson, -Colusa
ML Starln. Los Ang
G T Walker.. St Louis
D Hartley, Boston , . ¦ *
JM SImms & w. Ill
G Klngsbury, . la : Ang
JCrowley & w,- Seattle
W M Crouse.' Sn Diego
F Fredrickson. Fresno
C F Stauffer & w, Cal
M Nickel. Los Ang. :
Mrs. P L Shannon, Cal
H F Hartzell,,ValleJo
J- W' Hartzell. " Vallejo ;
W England, Marysvllle
Dr D W Eldenran, Cal
D • Gwaltney, Sn Pedro
L H Jewell, Los Ang
E ' M Burke, ¦ Sta Barb
J • M ¦ M,orton; Kansas I
G . Jessen. I Watsonvllle
G H Thompson, Cal .-¦
HE' Picket, : Placenrlll
T J Chapman. N.T- •
W : Parker, Los Ang-".
Dr G Mitchell, Ohio • 5
C S Taylor, Chicago
H-V, Miller & w.' Sains
J- L 'Anderson.- Cal -, ..;
W. C Jones. - Boston
W H.Seamans, Sac to
E T.Scribner, Rocklin
S Mitchell & w, Boston
Dr A H Tukell & w.Cal
J Maus.-Cal ",..¦• ,
C'E Benedict,- Ls Ang
Mrs Mldg-ett, Boston
C ' A Sumner, ' Denver I
J S Schwab, Chicago ¦
W.R Logan & w,.Pa
H C. Southworth. Cal
Mrs A V Lamaon,-Pa '
Miss C Lamson, Pa' •
Mrs L H Curtis, Portld
W P Thomas, Ukiah > >
Mrs ¦- J H : Gardner,- la »
S H Callen. Williams
W J Kinney & w, Cal
S B Murphy & w. Pa
C F t Belles, - Menlo .
PALACE HOTEL.
G B Libby,-N Y; .
F T- Smith,' Phila ,""
E J Fraser, Lorin
F. B McElroy, '. Chicago
O ¦' A • L' Abbe,' Seattle
L.W StockwelL.Los A
S B Wadsworth'& s, ,;
-Council Bluffs ;¦" - f
W.B Smlth.-N Y . . ;
CS Hutchlns, Boston >
J B Btubba &.w, Ohio
B E Bessinsrer &'w,
¦ ch & maid, Chicago : .
J H Flannagan & w, '
<.j> '.-- ->;*
Miss C|S Trude, -Chic
S Trude, Chicago ¦ -
D-P Trude. Chicago
13 ,W Robinson. -N J ;
Dr Volt. Berlin . ,
H Lindley. § Klamath
-»ton
J B McDougall & w.
'Seattle ": . . ; .
E3 P. Catlow, England ,
CS Keene,-N-T' H !!s •5'
W M l Hopkins, Minn
M S.Bonnifleld; Nev
H S F Davis & w.:NT
J Brown S Bernardino
HBdkyll,^ London- .
H ;R Klliott.' London
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J.O.Weedf all.. Mich
J Gregory,- Redding "
J ' Long • & ; w, ' Mich - t
J. B A McCulIough.rPa .
L ; C -Reppetoe.- Pa v. * "
1 ¦< C > La'ns, : Brentwood '
Trolley. N. T. • ;,v
Mrs / Harrlman, ' Cal - -
D Livesey.'jL. Ang V
ti "i Stanley & .'. -w;-. Colo
Tj McCarthy ,;. Redding
W-sBolan, v Redding >
Mrs Miller, . Boston
P Miller. ¦ Boston • . ~
V H .- Fardyce, * Mo : * ¦ ' ¦
W Buckner,'-- Hanford \
C 'Lyons,- -Chicago " .
F Sladden,- • Portland -
P ¦ Parmanter, ;, S Jose
R • A , Settle. * Denver ¦"*•' - i
Mrs Pearsall," < Iowa V
Mrs Keeler.- Iowa ' .- •
The entertainment . committee .of Cali
fornia ' Council 'announces - a • grrab-bag
party, to be given in Shlels building on
the 22d inst. The. affair will be compli
mentary to friends of the order. At the
last held meeting of this council four
strangers -were Initiated. . - •
¦Last Sunday night the local councils of
the Daughters of Liberty accompanied the
membership of the councils of the" Junior
Order of • United American "Mechanics to
the First Methodist Church on Powell
street, where the Rev. Frank Baker de
livered- a most interesting patriotic ser
inon. '.' • * .
Daughters of Liberty.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge will have an "at
home" for members, only : next- "Wednes
day in celebration of its first anniversary.-
Ivy Lodge of Oakland had an "at home"
last Wednesday night, which -was a de
cided success. This lodge Is arranging for
a comedy entertainment next month. .
-: Silver Spray Lodge of. the. D. of-H. had
a very pleasant and largely attended so
cial in Excelsior Hall last Tuesday night.
A farce was the attractive feature.
The Workmen's picnic at . Fresno on
Mayday was a great success. The ora
tor of the day. was Deputy Grand Master
Barnes. - . '^ : • ¦ " • •
'¦ Deputy Wells during the past .week vis
ited Orland, Colusa and Willows iiv the
interest of the order. '¦ ¦
Judge Seth Mellington addressed a large
public meeting at Meridian last week on
the aims and work of the order. ¦
On the night of the 1st inst. Triumph
Lodge gave a good-by entertainment in
honor of Past Master J. Hartley and Re
ceiver Bendryes, -who are about to leave
the city, the former for Oregon and the
latter for Los Angeles. There . was a
smoker and a programme of entertain
ment-in the lodgeroom In Odd Fellows*
building. . There were a number ¦ of ad
dresses commending- the work- of the de
parting, brothers and wishing them pros
perity in the new ; locations selected.
Among the speakers were Lodge Physi
cian E>r. Bell, Past Masters Catteran and
Sewell. Foreman Kerrigan, Master Work
man Holton and others. The departing
brothers also • had. kind words for the
lodge. There were present a number of
the members of the court of the Ancient
Order of Foresters, of which Mr. Hartley
is a. member. . ¦ >
Prosperity X*)dge has decided to vacate
its quarters in the Alcazar building. _
Grand Recorder ' Spencer~paid a visit to
the lodge in Callstoga. last week and found
the membership enthusiastic. It will ini
tiate a large class of candidates in a short
time. ¦ ;•' f\fi • ~ • K-
Ancient Order of Workmen.
McClosky and McDonald both have un
savory jeputations. . McClosky's mother
runs - a- little furniture <and second-hand
store on Mission street, near Twenty
nin-th, and he 1 depends upon her for his
support. McDonald was for a time an ex
traman with one of the engine companies.
The police arrested his brother yesterday
afternoon on the supposition that he was
McClosky's companion. When the mis
take was discovered the brother was re
leased. . -
Harrison- and Mrs. Mulholland agree
substantially on this account of the out
rage. McClosky claims that he and his
"companion, Gano McDonald, were pass
ing the Harrison place and heard the
woman screaming for help. He says they
went' in and found Harrison beating the
woman . and • made him desist, and that
after he had sunken Into a drunken sleep
they-left the house.-
Mrs. Mulholland says It ! was twenty
minutes. to 4 o'clock when they left; and
that , she sat • up the remainder of- the
night and in the morning, against Harri
son's wish, went out and telephoned to
the Seventeenth-street police station. The
patrol wagon was sent and she was taken
to the City and County Hospital. .It was
found that she had four ribs broken, and
had received a bad cut across the fore
head and another on her lip. • .
' Mrs. Mulholland has been separated
from her husband for seven years. She
has a married daughter living in Sacra
mento^ .
' Mrs. Mulholland, who is 54 years old, la
housekeeper for E. C Harrison, a painter,
Hying at 410 Eugenia avenue. Harrison
went home about 1 o'clock Sunday, morn
ing Very "much intoxicated. . He. and Mrs.
Mulholland claim that some time after his
arrival they heara men outside trying the
fastenings ot the windows. Mrs. Mulhol
land says that she went to the front door
and opened it and two men sprang Into
the hallway, 'j One of • them, whom she
claims she recognized as McClosky, seized
her and threw her upon the-floor. Har
rison was aroused from , his . semi-stupor
by her shrieks and tried to come to her
assistance, but McClosky's^ companion
knocked him back upon the' bed. and held
him there. McClosky continued his strug
gle with the woman until, maddened by
her resistance, he began beating her un
mercifully and finally ended by kicking
her , in the • side and . stamping upon her
breast.; He and hi3. companion then de
parted, leaving Mrs.- Mulholland imore
dead than alive. •
Mrs. Mary Mulholland of Bernal Heights
is lying on a cot at the City and County
Hospital suffering from Injuries inflicted
upon her in a brutal assault- at an early
hour Sunday morning, and James McClos
ky-is locked, up at. the City Prison,
charged' with being her assailant.
by v Mission - Street
Roughs.
Bernal Heights House Invaded
Mrs. Mary -Mulholland
c : Cruelly Beaten in Her
Own Home.
BRUTAL ATTACK
ON AGED WOMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, MONMY,M1Y ; 6^1901^
11
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65»2 Chickerlngs (like
1 Heine baby grand 1 new) {200
(like new) $325 2 Helnes .......1315 up
1 Steinway $lS5ll Hallet-Davls $465
And fifty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos in ex-
istence. Including Hallet-Dav!s. Indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 60.000 In use In most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co., 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
uprlpht or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY &" CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
AT BYRON MAUZrS. 308 POST ST.
You are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment:
can be put In any piano; also to Inspect our
pisno factory and see how a piano is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Maury, Gabler. Ham-
ilton, Splelmann planes.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
2S and 30 O'Farrell et.; pianos, organs and
oil other musical Instruments of all grades
«nd prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
pon. 1 HaTiet * Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. $75. $12K. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
ChifkerlnB-. Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
FROM now until June 1 we will have a genu-
ine cash clearance sale of pianos. Customers
ran ppt the best bargains In the city from us
anrtng this Fale. The ZENO MAUVAIS
Ml'SIC CO.. 76S Market Et.
VTK have the piano you want — Hazelton — none
better: also other ffandanJ makw: prices and
terms all rigrht. THE J. DEWING CO..
Flood building.
GOING to Nome— Must sacrifice elegant 3-pedal
ur-ripht piano. 219 Leavenworth St., nr. Eddy.
A— J40P: T7PRIGKT prand. new. for almost
half. M6 McAllister ft. _^
Jir.— PTAN'DART uprislit: rort $423; for sale on
$: installments. 1419 Post st.
KRAX1CH & BACH rfanos. musicians' delight.
¦Sole- agency BP-T'ENIC. J08 Pest st.
\ov can obtain n fine upright piano at a low
fipure. T. H. KILGO. 8JS Mission st.
S3 PFR tnnrth r«-nts « beautiful piano. SCOTT-
Ct'RTAZ PIAN'O CO.. 560 Hayeg ct.
$H7— MAHOGANY case -Fischer upright. 217
O«>ary st.. room 2&
A FMALI, Chickerlntr uprijrht. $12*: 6 uprights.
. rfr-ord-handed: your choice at $119. 217 Geary.
f4r. tTRIGHT *125 Knabe. $133 Pteinway &
Pons. at FAY'S piano factory, 1729 Mission.
AT WILSON" P Ptnrape, 1706 Market St.. you
can ret storage pianos almost for a pong.
I5IRGKST bargain fn Fisher upright piano;
rearlr new; murt be sold. 301 Jones st.
HT<",H-GRADE pianos: Steek. Hartman. Con-
over ar.d other*. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
V- AHOAIN'— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
FCKMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
risrhte at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
FI'PF.RIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LI-ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LElT
TO rent or lease— Second floor. 620 Market St..
opposite Palace Hotel; Al business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st.
rEKIRAELE store on Turk St.. adjoining: Bay
City Market: rent reasonable. Apply premises.
BAKBOltB, ROi— Large, handsome jstore; re-
duced to $S per month.
LIGHT, sunny offices $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
•¦lp VmiWnir. 9T7 Market rt.
_ OIL. "
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will irake you
rich: you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by S. K. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co.; send for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
ir.er.t Co.. 226 Post ct.
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.-Oil lands In the
b^st districts; Investigate: Fearless Oil and
"Water Co.: a rood investment : water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
WANTED— Oil stocks In exchange for choice
Fuburban property: 4j minutes from city.
AMBROSE HARRIS. 611-C12-613 Examiner
building-. "
OIL lands In the heart of Coallnga district.
$1 K per acre. AMERICAN EXPLORATION
CO.. 1U2 Call building.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
Ft»>y: rhwn. TT. P. TV-FTTTK. BIB Mission st.
OIL L.1\DS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
. State. We can furnish you with lands In the
best localities. If you are' looking for lands
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading- oil
coTrpacies call on us before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON, 301 Examiner building.
TO exchange for oil stock, land or merchan-
dise. 8 acres, new 4-room cottage, fine fruit
!>nd and chicken ranch in noted health re-
sort; Paso Robles: clear of debt. Ca.ll even-
ings, lower fiat, S05 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
TO sell. 20 acres proven land, adjoining San
. Joaquin on Co.: a great bargain for capi-
talists. Coll for S. T. ALLEN. 474 Parrott
building. Fan Francisco.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL |:a»er. window shades: rooms papered,
f« i:r>. .T»n«en & Bath. 308 Sixth: onen even.
PALMISTRY.
H JEROME FOSSELLI. scientlflc* palmist, 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black £61.
MHP. LAMB, scientific palmist; character read-
tr.c: leysons In class. iTivate. 204 ElUfi. r. IS.
PATENTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
OFO r». CAMPFKLL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSOVALS^ "¦ _^
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to
»?et well without knife, drugs or -worthless
instruments: a scientific method of treatment.
Ncrvo-Pathlc Co.. li« Market Bt., opposite
Odd Fellows' Hall.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will tturn white hair black, brown, ,
auburn cr red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
Ffcarte required. I>R. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN'. 4C<€ Sutter rt. ¦;.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy ls posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation eent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
WANTED— Information respecting the where-
abouts or death and relatives of" CHARLES
HATHESOX, who lived In San F*randsco In
1852. Address RIGBY & RIGBY. Attorneys,
212 Sansome st., San Francisco.
A WOMAN one side badly wrinkled, the other
made smooth: also freckled girl; remedies
guaranteed permanent; call — seeing ls believ-
ing. K, Y. Inst. Dermatology. 105 Ellis. S. F.
11 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch $15 up; fine dress fiults. $20 up; cle-
*rant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ct.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— "Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 DO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BEST taste. -"The Superior"; skillful hair
dressing; wrinkles vanished; pray hair re-
rtcred; expert masseurs. 14 McAllister, rm. 69.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, "Ingle, three-quarter
or double, $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1210-1313 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Xess.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
WOMEN children killed dally through com-
pulsory vaccination. Is this t a free country?
PTttsow oak cured one application or no pay.
4C» Hayes st. . "
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
ceptJTh. and Sat. ; electrolysis; 17 years exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now reaJJy.
"Domestic" office. 1051 Market et.. nr. Sixth.
OLD koM, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market Bt.
Ladies' ud cents' cast-off clothing bought and
fold. J. Silver-man, 984 Folsom:tel.Folsom 1191/
C. LAXDECKER 20 Mont'gy— Watches cleaned
and repairoti, no matter what* 6 broken, $l;guar.
ALFREDUMf? Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs; )
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mol«i destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter »t. •
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint," the best '
corn cure: 25r; all druggists. '
JMfVSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS. .
D *LA C/ O'DONNELLloTflce and~re«fdence^ •
1C21 Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh. ,
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully -
treats all diseases of the human body: eee j
testimonial. «.t office. 115-117 Mason,- nr. Ellis.
PICXIC SUPPLIES
. SPECIAL, 10 days only; 3 bottles old Mc-
Brayer whisky for J2. per gal., $3; baskets as-"
) sorted wines and champagne from $1 to $3 per
> basket; 5000 gals. Fresno port and sherry from
> 76c to $1 50 per gal. ; 5*a)0 gals, very old zinfan-
dcl. 35c per gal.; Imported porter and Pilsner
! beer, per case. J10 50,«per doz., Jl 75. F. Holt-
• um, Johannesberg Wine Vault, 517 California.
t ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 29 Market St.. for finest wines and
; . liquors: biggest house: open Sundays. "
t NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
I midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busl-
\ ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
I surgery or delay from business, t and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address . Physl-
. clan, box 1950. Call office. S. F., Cal.
; REAL ESTATE CITV— FOR SALE.
f a~."mTspeck & co., ~~"~~ -~~-~
667 Market' street,
. ¦ Opposite Kearny' street.
Genuine Bargains In Best Portion of City.
: J120.000— Vicinity First and Mission Ets. ; one
1 tenant; long lease: new brick and iron
building: lot 9400 square feet; this beats
" bonds or banks.
JSO.OOO— Van Ness ave. corner; 120 ft: Van Ness
ave.: three frontages; choicest on the
avenue; prospective investors see this.
i 175.000— Corner, block from Powell and Ellis;
two stores and two lodging-houses;
never vacant; 60 ft. frontage; no prop-
J erty like this on the market any more; |
rent about $400.
$55,000— Post-st. corner, downtown; splendid
building; 60 ft. front; paying 6 per cent -
! net.
• $36,000— Downtown Mission-street bargain; 70
5 feet front; this Is a rare buy; the largest
• • let to be had on Mission street to-day.
• $23,000— Best Improved north of Market St.,
1 close to Geary st. and Grant ave.; four-
etory and basement brick building; 40
f. feet frontare: rent $170.
$18,000— Howard St., near Third; splendid four-
1 stcry and basement structure; no better
buy to be had in this district; low rents
: at $125.
c $17,500— Western Addition business property:
Ftcres and flats on best street; CO ft., lot:
, this Is a clean investment; rents $107.
$12,D00— Sansome-st. corner, wholesale district;
35 ft. frontare; rents $100.
$8,500— McAllister-st. income property, near
Octavia; two frontases; rents $83 per
I month; lot 27:6x120 feet.
$3,700— O'Farrell st.; three houses: lot 45x80
ft.; rents $40: price reduced from $3000;
cannot be beat.
A. M. PPECK & CO..
; 667 Market street.
ONLY two lots now left out of the tract; no
wonder that they sell fast: impossible ever to
get such a bargain as this again; the cheap-
est lots in Richmond: It is far cheaper to
buy one of these lots than t6 pay rent; think
of it, a lot for $635! On Sixth ave.. and one
on Seventh ave.: same price near Point Lo-
bos ave.; size 25x120 ft., with all the street
work done; brick sewers in: lots graded with
four lines of cars either passing or within a
few steps: the California. Title Insurance and
Trust Co. or SImrson & Millar will issue
certificates that the title is perfect.
Get your home; a general advance In house
rents will take place about September next;
these lots are close In and easy of access;
gas, water and electricity ready to turn on;
all of the other lots were sold to prominent
builders and who are going to
build: the lots are appraised at $900 each in
the Probate Court. . '
W. J. GUXX. 530 California »t.
TWO choice and well located lots, 25x120, In
Richmond: price reduced to $6.85 each; a splen-
. did buy; on west side of Eleventh ave., north
from Clement; on the elevated rround; fine
marine view; all street work done; electric
cars within a few steps; the lots cost $1230
each, and were selected on account of the lo-
cation and view.
- W. J. GUNX. 530 California st.
THE 2 cheapest lots In Richmond; nothing to
equal them; only $635 each; on Sixth and Sev-
enth aves.. near Point Lobos ave.: ready for
building; 4 lines of - cars. W. J. GUNN, 530
California Et.
TWO choice lots on north or sunny side of
Union st. ; on the hill just east of Scott; grand
marine view; elevated ground: street work
done, basalt blocks, stone pavement: 25x110;
very cheap; only $1500 each: cars pass; ready
for building: just the location for flats or nice
residence: the marine 1 view will rent them.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California St.
SOUTHWEST corner of Pacific ave. and Laur-
el St.; 137:6x127:8: full BO-vara corner lot; un-
obstructable view; must be sold"! will ! take
$15,000. 602 California st., room 7.
2 FLATS 5 rooms each; south, of Market; lot
£5x75; rents $24; only $2500; great .- bargain.
DOXXELLY CO-. 632 Market st.
FINE level, lots, near cars.*-$125, $150 and $200
each; cottages. $S0O, $900, $1000 and $1500 each.
THISTLETOX. 272 Sadowa st.; Ocean^View.
FOR sale — Well-constructed, modern residence,
8 rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park: reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence, 775 Cole St.; open daily.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. E30 California St..
MODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plans furnished. Pall5btiry.bulld«>r.133?. Market.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
STOCK RANCH ....STOCK RANCH
Over 7000 acres in Mendocino County, with
fences, buildings and stock if desired; fine
grazing land for csttle and sheep; never
had a drouth; no winter feeding; on K.R.
survey: price cheap for such fine property.
JOHX LUKDIN & CO.. 90S Market st.
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vlticulturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO., ¦ St. Helena, Cal.
MARIOX GRIFFIX, Real Estate Agent. 719
Market St., by Call bldg. — Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma. " Cal.*
WRITE J. W. HORX. 812 Main; Petaluma, for
- free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
A. WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $l.per year.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Ross Valley. 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x203:
well cultivated. For: particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR. 404 Sanaome ft. _^
ALAMEDA -ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
PROPERTY of Two Estates; Immense Bar-
gains. 1 ¦ . : '. .* .
Must be Sold.
150x207 feet, with Improvements, on Santa
Clara ave.
Four lots, E0x207:6 feej on Santa Clara aye.,
near Park St.; offer wanted. '
E. D. JUDD COMPANY,
1424 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$550— FINE lot on Arch st.. near Vine "st.;
grand view. MAY & MORTIMER.
$3750— MODERN new home In the Scenic Park,
. just completing:; 7 rooms and all conveni-
ences. MAY & MORTIMER.
$1050— FINE corner lot on Shattuck ave.. one
block from depot: biggest snap In town; &0x
135. MAY. & MORTIMER.
$650 TO $1050— See our fine building sites in the
Byrne Tract; send for map. MAY & MOR-
TIMER. Berkeley station.
A SACRIFICE— Handsome cottage of 6 rooms
. and bath: high basement; lot 00x135; 2 blocks
from Lorin station.
- C. NAMANNY. Lorin etatlon.
$1750— HOUSE of 6 rooma and bath; large lot;
Ftreetcar* pass the property; for cash or In-
stallments. Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Berke-
ley station. . . *¦
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE ' REAL ESTATE.
$1750— 5-room cottage, modern, stable; lot 60x140.
Inquire Hanson's shoe etore. Fruitvale, Cal.
OAKLAND; ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
-. .: OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$950 WILL buy a good two-story of 8 rooms; S
minutes' walk from Broadway station. . ¦ -
-" GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO./.
>%*";- 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1800— A BANK sale; '" 9 rooms, nearly new,
sunny" side, close -to San Pablo ave. ; forty-
foot lot; near. 'Frisco Joeal station; will ar-
range installment »i «-'H. - - * - • ..
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO., .
..,.,"- - 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE KOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer." lltn and Franklin, Oakland.
v> OCEAN TRAVEL. ' "
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
For Nome
And St. Michael. '_,.
.,-¦ '-Sailing Dates Approximate Only.
From San Francisco: From Seattle:
•"Dora"' May 1 May 7.
"Conemaugh" ..May 25 June 10." •
"Portland" .....May. 25 ... ... ......;....
"St. Paul"....... June 1 June 8. {
-¦•"Dora" will sail via Juneau, Valdez." Kodlak.
Unga. and Unalaska. . :
' '" For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply _to ¦ '¦--¦¦ ¦¦.¦¦¦¦- ¦ !
- NORTHERN COMMERCIAL' CO..
v . ',"',: 1 310 Sanaome st... San. Francisco.
I Passenger and Freight Str. 8
'¦', "JOHN S. KIMBALL." -¦ ¦-. H
NQ>ME\
TELLER. QOLOFNIN BAY. P03T CLAEENCE \
SAILS MAY 15th. . B
¦ . ¦, CONKHN , & : CO. . 667 . Market St. gj
TELLER. ST." > MICHAEL and Wl YUKON
RIVER POINTS.- - ...."' ¦ . "
.y •, ' •• • From San Francisco.
S3. ROANOKE..;..........'.... ......Sails May 15
SS.- SANTA ANA '....... ....Sails —
For ¦ tickets' : or freight ¦ space write or apply
¦'UNION TICKET OFFICE,-
. - •;;¦_'• ,V - ¦- 630 Market St.. S. F. ¦
COMPAONIE . ' ijEWEBALE \ TRA53ATLAHTKIUE ',
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. , f ~~i^ '
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ~&&S&5b
Saturday,, at 10 a." m..", from; Pier 43, •Stfmt^ssl
North River, foot of Morton street.' .First 'class
to "j Havre,;' $53 and upward. ' • Second - class to
Havre,~ $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR - UNITED - STATES ¦ and « CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building),' New -York; J F
FUGAZI &. CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket "Agents. ;,...
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
GOLDEN GATE ave..' 622— Sunny bay-window
¦ "suites of 3. rooms, -nicely fur.; gas; bath. ;
GUERRERO. 1164, near i" Twenty-fourth— Fur-
" nished sunny front room with email . kitchen,
-. $11/- . ¦ ¦¦¦.¦- >. :¦ \ ; / : ..".":
HOWARD, front room for house-"
keeping, with bath. ¦ ¦ : : "
LANGTON, -206^Three .nicely furnished sunny
. rooms, complete housekeeping; private family.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front -housekeep-
lng and single . rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA, 454—3 or 4 rooms-furnished for house-'
keeping; separate entrance; lower floor., ¦
N ATOM A, 701— Sunny housekeeping rooms; jio
children. v .¦¦'¦',...-' ','.¦¦"'¦
NEW AUBURN HOUSE, 334 Third st.— House-
keeping rooms, suitable for. family; reference.
OAK, 119— 1 large sunny front room, furnished
- for housekeeping; stove, closet; $9. ¦¦.', ."¦ ¦'.
POLK, . 1620— 3 sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; bath; $14. ¦« . '
SOUTH PARK, 190— 1 or 2 nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping. ~ ' » ,
WEBSTER, / 1560— Nicely K furnished floor com-
plete for housekeeping^ sun all day;', gas
range. . " . -•¦'•-. . '- : - .'¦ ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200. Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - established at 1096
Valencia st. . ' • - .. . -.' ¦
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfn'rn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $l'a
day family hotel in city; polite: attendance;
large rooms. EOc up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK; HOUSE, 148 - Sixth— Rooms.
23c to $1 per night ;$1 25 to $5. per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night...
BURNETT. K2S Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., . suites, single; also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, ' 266— A large sunnjr front room;
furnished; double bed; $4 monthly. . ¦ „
CLIFFORD. . 204 Ellis, cor.. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER v Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny st.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FILBERT, 614 — Furnished room; sunny and
neat; board If desired. .. .
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles'_,parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO, 444— Furnished room; private
family.. • . :
HARRISON, 856%— Fine room to rent; gentle-
man preferred; German family. . '
HOWARD, B13— Double and single rooms from
75c upwards. . ; ; •¦ < - -• • : .: J - ' •
HOWARD. 844, flat . A — Sunday front room,
nicely furnished; private family. *. ' "
HOWARD. 1708%— Nicely furnished suite of
sunny, rooms; also single; gas; v^se bath.
HOWARD court, 5 — Furnished 'rooms, quiet,
for gentlemen.
ILLINOIS. 924, . Potrero— 2 large rooms suit-
able for restaurant. : < -,
MINNA, 262, near 4th — Furnished fronts parlor;
suitable for U gentlemen ; private family. . .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly, furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient. '
MINT ave.. 22— Sunny furnished rooms, single
or en suite, from $1 up. - ; ¦
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, '$2 a week up; Sac a day up.
NINTH, 242C— An elegant front bay-window
for two gentlemen or married couple. ; .
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary — Sunny corner bay-
window, folding bed, Welsbach: • 1. $9; 2. J10.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
PERRY. 174— A nicely furnished front room,
suitable for one or two gentlemen; reason-
able. . , .•¦ — -. -'-
POST, 527— Large newly furnished front room;
private family; reasonable. ¦ - ¦-' -
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to 14; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, 6moking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nicht, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
" $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground 'floor; ,
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ¦'¦
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, 46— Nicely furnished sunny
bay-window front room to let. • ¦ ;
TURK. 126— Sunny furnished front room suit-
able for a gentleman. • • , " ¦ . ; ¦; . ¦• *
TURK, 26S (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; modern; board » optional. Phone
South 422. ¦• -•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH orflce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at- 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ ' < . ¦ ¦ -
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
MARKET, 1904 (Hotel Franklin)— Best of ap-
pointments; Epeclal rates to fumllies.
FILBERT. 614— Furnished room, sunny and
neat, with board if desired.- L r
ROOMS and board: prices reasonable. 415
First st.. between "Harrison and Bryant.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms: special
table: wlnc«fllnners. R07 Cs-lifornin. nt. -
ROOMS AXD BOARD WA.\TED.\
WANTED— Board and room for gentleman,
wife and child, or furnished house, near Carl
st.. Golden Gate Park. Box 3079. Call office.
YOUNG man and wife wish rooms and board
In private family having stable accommoda-
tions for horse and buggy. Box 3069, Call.
LARGE sunny room in private family wanted.
Address, stating terms with board, C. ED-
WARDES. 1820 Market St. . ¦ .--
ROOMS WANTED.
A STEADY young man wishes to get a room in
a private family; prefers in town; at the rate
of $5 per month. Box. 3696. Call office. '. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or. country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19; tel. 5580. ¦
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES."
BECOND-HAND machines all makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented ¦ $2 mo. 145 Sixth st. : phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th. .
STORAGE AND. WAREHOUSES. \.->
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713."
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission at.;
"tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
-slon St.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. 2EHFUSS. ...
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARG^AlNSIN^fr^E^VRITER^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter'
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
DiyipjE-VD NOTICES. ~~~
DIVIDEND 'No. 27 (thirty cents per share) of.
- the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co., will be
payable at the* office of the company, 327
Market st.. on and after Friday, May 10,
1901.' Transfer books closed Friday, May 3,
1901, at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON,
:. ¦.. .. . - -¦-.-.-¦¦¦ ¦¦-.;¦
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend (No. 29) of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock, of the. company has been declared
payable at the office of the . company, 430
California st., San Francisco, on May 10, 1901.
.Transfer books close May 3, 1901,. at noon; A.
A SPARKS. Secretary. .V >,-* . : ¦; >.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS. :
NOTICE ls hereby given I.W111 -not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife,
MAUD E. STEWART, - she - having left-my
.bed and board." . S OTHO STEWART.-
'- May 6. 1901. . .-"•-^•¦-. r . -. ¦ - ¦¦¦¦•:¦ :'.
ADVERTISEMENT— Offlc^Toirthe i Chief YBn-
Blneer. Division of the Philippines, •'• Manila,'
P.' I., March >1,, 1901— Sealed proposals for 1
constructing a harbor < at Manila,- P. I.; will •
be received, at this office •until -11- o'clock a.!
m.,- August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened. !
B Work to be: done includes about. 150,000 cubic i
' -yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and -
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,- j
000 cubic yards of. dredging and a pile bulk-
- head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud, r sand
". and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used ; for reclaiming <; land.
.Bids must be^accompanledby a bond of one.
hundred ¦ thousand - dollars .' ($100,000) ¦ In gold.
One -contract will : be made ¦ for the whole
-work. Contractor's : bond -will be lO.perjcent-
'•'of ttie amount bid. ,The- right islrcserved, to *:
..reject any or all bids/., For. specifications and
blank forms apply to. this office, -Bureau of, J
Insular Affairs, Washington. D.- C; ; United -f
¦ States ¦ Engineer Offices ¦ at New i York, Chi- /
cago and San • Francisco. ' BIDDLE, V
, Captain, Engineers. •.'•-¦¦ ¦ ¦ .. ¦¦ • t
'.¦¦*.rj^..*i.-.-s4i\«Mf».!»s:£^s.-KK«!SftM^HEi^^H^B8^^»r'- < J*
AUCTION SALES
fe ATTEND THIS BIG fej
AUCTION SALE
-Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
;:; LERY HORSES,
Consisting of
150 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken single and double and weighing from
10OO to 1330 pounds. Not a cull in the lot. All
sound and free from blemishes. - Sale will taka
place ','. jQjSjf
TUESDAY, May 14, 1901,
! Commencing at 10 a, m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD. S. F.
TVM.. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard next Saturday.
AUCTIONEERS' SALE
£* ;V at £^v
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET, 127
: ' • - - SIXTH STREET, ;
WEDNESDAY. May 8. at U a. m.
We will sell a lot of horses and mares; also 20
set of NEW HARNESS. ,
All horses must be as represented or money
refunded.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Aunctloneers.
SALE OF 35 HORSES.
«.;JTJST 5 AKRIVED, HANDSOME BAT AND
BLACK TEAMS: ALSO DRAFT AND DRI-
VERS. 1140 Folsom. St.. April 30, at 11 a. m.
V : 0CEA1T TBAVEL-
tGoastiSteamship Co.
m NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP " ' : i
GITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
. and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome last
year, being: one ot the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street. ¦ ¦
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
... 10 Market street.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
••» . Steamers leave Broadway
" «fc^ wharf. San Francisco:
fCg*^,-. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
fE^rBW May 1, 6, 11, IS. 21. 28. 31.
BBjftTxSwk June 5. Chang-e to company's
( |SrRSG\ > Wa steamers at Seattle.
Is?»£«a4 No,! F ° r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I I«2C5<«<§« c ->- Port Townsend, Seattle.
/^"^^E^BSm racoma. Everett. Anacortea
and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
*•* 11 a. m., May 1, S, 11, 11 Jl.
26 31. June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 1:30. p.m.. May
8. 8. 13, IS. 23, 28, June 2, and every fifth day
thereafter. ••¦ . v~- - '; -\1
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
peles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 «: m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los AnireJes) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.: steamer Bo-
nita. Tnesdays, 9 a. m. ' , " . .
For Ensenada. Majrdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Las Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 19 a. m.. 7th each
month. *
For further information obtain company a
folders. . .
The comnany reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. ¦
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace ¦ Hotel). ~ ' .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market »t.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or;,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
. points East. Through tickets to all
. points, all rai? or RtanmsMn and rail, at
._ — LOWEST RATES! -
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May S
SS. GEO. W. F.LD"ER...: Sails May S
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
. \ 1 Montgomery st., S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
.HEW YOEK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOTOQK. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Louis. ...... ..May lot St. Paul June 1!>
St Paul May 29 St. Louis June 29
St- Louis .June 51 St. Paul July 10
RED STAR LINE.
-New York and Antwerp. ¦ •
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Southwark'. May 15 Zeeland .June 5
Pennland .; .May 22 Frlesland June 13
Kensington May 29 Southwark .....June ID
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. t>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOY(V KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki and ' Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc No cargo received-. on board on
day of sailing. .
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May ». 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 23, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARTJ.-Wednesday. July 17. 1901
Round- trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlde,.
421 Market. street,- corner First.
,-. W. H. . AVERT, General Agent.
¦¦¦•¦•' . < :<\ ,
A4>Aanfi> C C i*A Hawaii, samoa, new
oceanics.s.co. A^
SS. SIERRA ¦ (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
;•"..... ...Thursday, May 9, 10 a. , m.
SS. ZEALANDIA {Honolulu only)
» , Saturday. May 18. 10 a, m.
SS.' AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
Sunday, June 30* at 4 p." m.
1. D.SPBECKELS k BSSS. CO., Csneral Apts. 327 Hartal St
Sail Paasngsr fiffia, 643 Hark?t St.. Pisr la. 7 r Pssifij St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AVERICAIS'A f rVAPO^ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street Wharf. 13 m.
PERU .....May 3|PALENA ........May 30
GUATEMALA...May 13' LOA ..'. "....June 13
These steamers are built expressly- for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) - Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA 'RisST >
TO NEW: YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
• Cabin. $105; Steerare. f 40.'
S.S.Argyll sails Saturday, May II ,
S. S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Jane 3
S. S. Argyll . sails Monday. June 24
From Fremont-street Wharf at 2 p. m. . '
-Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
' F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
BAY: AND KIVER STEAMERS.
tFiTITIIa^^
\ Steamer " Montlcello.'V ',
MON.. TUES.. WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:43 a. m., 3:15, 3:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays.
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and office, Mls-
alon-st ) Dock^ Pier Nos. 3. - Telephone Main 150S.
Weekly Call,$l,00 per Year
' ' : ! :';';;¦" TO LEASE.^;; : ' : .::">' '" ; ;
LOVELY HOME.? " . . . ;. -. : •>.
--•- -To ¦¦le'ase'. for- a ' long- '. term . to ¦ responsible'
party, 40 acres "of best land, good locality In
" Santa Cruz County; only half a mUe from de-
¦'.' pot; consisting of about 25 acres of .best wine
.. grapes .and -.balance best fruit; ; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc. ; | lovely cottage, furnished ;
also horses, ¦ carriage, • phaeton,- etc.; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. -Box
.; 3S41,.CalI office. / .. ¦ ," ._ v ¦ ¦ v
BIRTHS-— MARRIAGES— DEATHS -
Birth. ' marriage "and death- notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices- and be
Indorsed with the name and "residence "of per-
sons 1 authorized to have, the same published.
lj ¦ ¦ , .-¦' ; B0iN. : ':V'.--:| ; ,';' /; .\ ;
CROSS— In this city. April 12, 1901, to the /wife
of Edward L. Cross, a daughter. . ¦; .
~~ DIED.
Annear, John H. • Mahon, John J.-
. " Barber, Thomas Maquardt, Mrs. A. -
. Bernstein. -Solomon ' Martin, Elizabeth
v Brennen. 'Catherine j Meyer, Charles
'• Blake, James - : Moran," Patrick
.Brown, Connor C. . Mullen, John
' Buckley, \ Francis '-O'Connor, John
Davoren, ' Eleanor Oeverndiek. Frederick
Dohoney. Philip C. , j Schlnkel, Albertlne
Dolan, Michael " ¦ Schow, Magens , >.
• Fennell, Thomas F. . Schuck, Jbsephin'e M.
Fltzpatrlck, Bridget T. Thompson, ¦ Agnes E
Gallagher, Winifred . Toinl. Jesus
Ginn, George A. Unger. Mrs. Eliza
Griffins, Mrs. Kate "Walker, Capt. T. C. .
'. Harrison, Abble A. - Wands, James W.
' Hofmann. Anna C. - West, Jennie M.
'Inwood, George. Westerberg, Chas.' A.
'. Lewes, Solomon ' Wetmore, Henrietta
. Lo<ipy, Pierre • "Williams, Leo' F.
Love, Mary
ANN.EAR-In this city, May 5, 1901, John H.
Annear, a native" of Australia, aged 30 years
11 months and 24 days. ¦„'¦' ¦ -
ErThe funeral ¦ will take place this day
(Monday),- at 2 o'clock, :• from his ; late resi-
dence, . 1036% Folsom street, under the au-
spices of Loyal California Lodge No.' 7005.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. f
BARBER— In the City and. County ' Hospital,
1 May 4. 1901, ¦ Thomas ' Barber, a native of
: England, aged -72 years. ¦¦> •> ... ¦¦
BERNSTEIN-In this city, May 5. 1901, Solo-""
. mon Bernstein, . beloved ¦ husband of . Mary
'Bernstein, and brother of E. Bernstein of
Oakland and Mrs. R. L. ¦ Stone, a native of
'.Germany,, aged .85 "years. ¦•¦ • .. --'-•.. i ¦ : •
BRENNEN— In this city. May 4,"- 1901, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Timothy Brennen, and
loving mother of Thomas and James Bren-
nen and Mrs. Denlson and Mrs. Hare, a na-
• tive of Marbrough, Queens ; County, Ireland,
• ared 57 years. - . ¦ - - v -: • .
IC^Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock," from the parlors
of Carew& English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
. Interment Mount Calvary " Cemetery.
BLAKE— In this city, • May . 5, 1901,' ' James
Blake,- a native of Boston, Mass.,. aged 92
years. . ; •¦ ¦
• • tETFriends and acquaintances and members
of the Sallmakers' Union of San .Francisco
. are respectfully Invited - to attend ¦ the fun-
eral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from
the parlors of A. , W. ¦ Martin & Co., 319
• O'Farrell street. Interment L"aurel Hill
: Cemetery.
BROWN— In Oakland, at '718 Sycamore street,
, May 4. 1901. Connor C. Brown, father of
. Charles, Rae and May Brown of La Junta,
Colo., and brother of Mrs. Cragie Sharp of
Oakland, Mrs. A. J. Noe of Humboldt Coun-
ty, Cal., and Isaiah Brown ; of Oregon and
'James Brown of Missouri, a native of Iowa,
aged 43 years 5 months and 24 days. ' - ,
BUCKLEY— At his residence, 1111 Devlsadero
street, Francis Buckley, a native of County
Cork, Ireland. ¦ : :• -. - - , i
1 CMass -will be celebrated at the Church
of the Holy Cross, Eddy street, this day
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock... Interment private.
No flowers. ' ;¦¦•'¦* . '.•;..•', :
DAVOKEN— In this city, r May 3,, 1901. Eleanor
. Davoren," 1 - beloved mother- of Mrs. James
Robinson, Mrs. M. McMullen, Mrs. William
Stark, Mrs. C. . J. Parsons - and George-' R.
Davoren, a native of Ireland, . aged 70 years.
A member of the Third Order of St." Francla.
ETThe funeral will- take place this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, 749 Harrison street, thence
1 to St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
" mas3 will be' celebrated for the repose of
her x soul at 9 o'clock. Interment private,
¦ Mount. Calvary. Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers. .. .• ¦ . : • -¦¦'",.-¦¦¦ -.-;-.
DOHONEY— In this city, May 4, 1901. Philip
C, beloved husband, of .Mary-E. Dohoney,
. and-father of Philip, Agnes and Charles Do-
honey, a native of New York, aged 39 years
10 months and 2 days. ' - -¦ - •
¦ !C?"FrIends\and acquaintances are respect-
— fully invited to attend, the funeral this day
I (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, . from his late resi-
dence, 347 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services, at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' 'J" : "".".¦
DOLAN— Friends . aje invited' to attend a
¦ month's mind mass, which will be cele-
brated to-morrow (Tuesday), at '7:30, o'clock,
...at St./ Acnes Church, for.. the repose.of . the
soul of Michael Dolan, j aged 42 years 6
1 months and . 20 days. , . "„ . • " . ;
FENNELL— In this city. May "4. 1901, Thomas
F., beloved husband of Mary E. Fennell, and
father of Leslie and Morine Fennell.- a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 30, years 3 months and
21 days. • • '• ' ¦ -,' ¦ .
• IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
'. dence, 1522 Dolores street, ~ thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
¦ will be. celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. ' Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. .¦".'."'
FITZPATRICK— In this city." Bridget Teresa,
dearly beloved wife of John P. Fltzpatrlck,
and loving mother of Mrs. J. Rose, Mrs. A..
Courtney, Mrs: A. Benldskldt and Thomas
F., Joseph A. and Cecil J. Fitzpatrick, a na-
tive of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 55 years.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter. . •
GALLAGHER— In this city. May 5, 1901, Win-
ifred Gallaffher,." beloved sister -of Mary,
Anne and Margaret Gallagher, and aunt of
Maggie Gallagher and Mrs: M. G. Coyle, a
.native of County Galway, Ireland, aged . 78
years. ' . '. '
f ICTFriends are ' respectfully invited to at-
.tend the -funeral to-morrow (Tuesday).- at 0
o'clock, from her late residence, 1323 O'Far-
rell street, > thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
j o'clock. I Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GINN— In 'this city. May 3, 1901; George A.'
Ginn; a native of California, aged 38 years
4 months and 6 days:-
" CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited' to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from . the parlors
of-McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, be-
. tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery, i- .
GRIFFINS— In Oakland, at 23 Lester avenue.
May -5, 1901, Mrs. Kate Griffins, mother of
Mrs. William Crews. Mrs. Charles L. Wat-
rous, Mrs. John R. Nystrom and Evan-, and
Benjamin' Griffins and Mrs. Charles M. Berry,
a native of Ludlow, Shropshire, England,
aged 70 years 2 months and 11 days.
HARRISON— In this city. May 3, 1901, Abbie
A., beloved wife of the late Colonel Hamil-
ton Carter Harrison, and mother of Mrs. •
Helen j Carter Robinson, a; native of. Boston, '
Mass., aged 68 years 6 months and 5 days, j
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary!
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking- Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment ' at Sacramento, Cal., Tuesday,
May 7. .-. : %
HOFMANN— In this city, 1 May B, 1901. Anna
Christine, youngest and beloved daughter of
'Christian and Anna Hofmann, and sister of
George and Tlllle- Hofmann, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and IS days. '
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funerali to-morrow
(Tuesday), at. 11 o'clock,, from the residence
-.- of her parents, 33 Moss street, between How-
ard and • Folsom. Sixth and • Seventh. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet- Cemetery. .;
INWOOD— In this city, May 4,. 1901, George,
beloved husband of Lydia E. Inwood, a na-
tive of Blnsted,'. Southampton, .England, aged
88 year* 8 months and 3 days. , (Mansfield, I
Brockton and South "Weymouth. Mass., pa-'
'pers please copy.) : - ; ' '-. ' " , -> .-.,.. -
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-'
1 dence,' 700 Union street. 1 corner of Powell.
Interment I. O. O. F. .Cemetery. .
- The funeral ¦' oration, of-. George Inwood,
. which was written by himself several years
ago when in perfect . health, will be read at
the hour of the funeral as directed by him,
and a copy of the same in printed form may
• be secured, by any of the friends . who
attend. the funeral. ~ ... ; ,
LEWES— In. Oakland, : May 5, 1901, Solomon
.•• Lewes,, beloved husband- of .Yebba Lewes, and
" father of George Davis and Geibie -Lewes
and Mrs. I Lee Hechheimer, and grandfather
•of Milton Hechheimer and -Mrs. Sol Bloom of
. Chicago, 111., a native -. of Lobsentz, -Ger-
many,, aged 71 years. ; \- _ ~ r -
LOUPY-In this city,. May ,5, . 1901; .Pierre
Loupy ,~ beloved -brother of Baptlste, Jean and
Noel LouDy, and. brother-in-law bf-'Lucle'
and Therese Loupy, a native of France, aged!
31 years and 5 months. ¦•••-. ¦ "¦>¦-, - :
'.:".- C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRVJ. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor :to Flannagan & Gallagher.) . • j
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN.-Mer. - -, '
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,"
'20 Filth' st., •¦opposite. Lincoln, School, '<¦" ¦
•-.-¦ : . Telephone South 80/ >.';•.-.¦ . V .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, -I
j ¦ ' n "and i 29* Fifth ¦ st/ ' Tel." South . 1«7. |
FUNERAL DIRECT0B3 AND, EMBALMER3.
- Flng»t*Equlpfnent ' at Moderate 'Rates.'*. *)":
V JAMBS McGINNi / -: I
Formerly with ¦ McGlnnn' Bros ,' has opened I
new • Funeral Parlors , at 214 Eddy 1 St..? bet- I
Taylor and Jones. > Telephone South 576. -jV,. |
IV'^-': iJYXcf*. VO V.';4^CO:,;^,K|
FUNERAL DIRECTORS '& ' EMBALMERS, I
' 1239 Market St., between' 8th and 9th. .. I
Telephone South 247. v,v - |
CARD.OF^, THANKS,
- Tho " parents of the - late Henry -. Rasmus
Nelson hereby express their sincerest thanks
to his shipmates of the United States ship
Philadelphia,- and . other ~ kind friends, for
their ' kindness and sympathy extended . them
in their late bereavement. . •<
¦ , . ( MR.- and MRS. HANS NEXSON. "~
• CT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of the - grandmother, 135. California avenue,
near Twenty-ninth street. ¦'• Interment San
Lorenzo. Alameda County," Cal.; by carriage,
11 o'clock creek boat.. . . . ¦ . • ¦¦ .
E3f Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 . o'clock, -at the
: residence, 1406 Ninth street. Interment
1 Mountain View Cemetery. ' --" •- .
WETMORE— In : Piedmont, Alameda County,
Cal., May 5. 1901. Henrietta Matilda." wife' of
, Jesse L. Wetmore, ¦• a native .. of Brighton.
England, aged 77 years 6 months and: 28
. days. (St. John,- N. B., papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at '2:30 o'clock, at her
late home, corner of Bonlta and Vlsta'ave-
nues. Piedmont. .Interment private. .-"-. ¦ '
WILLIAMS— In this city/ May 5, 1901, Leo
Francis, beloved son of W. Leo and Blanch
•A." Williams, and ¦ grandson of Mrs. -A: , Fin-
ger Falrchild,- a native- of San Francisco,
-. .aged-1 year llnionths and 23. days. .--,.¦
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence/ 440 Thirteenth street, thence to Ma-
sonic Cemetery. . . *
WEST— In this city. May 3. 1901. Jennie M.
West, beloved mother of Mrs. May.Rosanoff
5 and Mrs.. Grace Genung, a native of Vir-
ginia, . . .¦ ¦'¦ • • . . > :. ¦ .
( WESTERBERG — In Alameda, May. 4, 1901,
Charles A., beloved son of A. E.- and'Caro-
, line Westerberg, and brother of, Oscar W.
Westerberg, , a native of California, aged 17
• years and 6 months. . - -
ICTInterment private.
WALKER— In this city. May 3, 1901. Captain
T. C. Walker, beloved brother of .Aaron J.
Walker, a native of New- York. ":•-. ¦'¦¦-
ITjyFrlends and acquaintances .are respect-
. fully Invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
HaUted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. - O.: F. Cemetery. -: " - r.;z ¦
WANDS— In this city. May 4, 1901. James "W.,
beloved son of the late- James and Delia
Wands, and brother of George, Edward and
Samuel Wanda, a native of San Francisco,'
Cal., aged 37 years. . ...
' IC?" Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral : this day
: (Monday),, at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., .9-16 Mission street. Interment
Masonic . Cemetery. > • • :
THOMPSON— In this city. May 5, 190t Agne9
E., beloved daughter of Frank and Annie
Thompson, and sister . of Marsraret. Martha
.and Mary Thompson, a native of San Fran-
Cisco,' aged 7 months. - ..'.:-,- ' . ..:.... -•
TOINL— In the. City " and County "Hospital,
May 5, 1901, *Jesus Toinl, 'a\ native of France,
a red 25 years. ¦ • -. \
UNGER— In this city. May 4. 1901. Mrs. Eliza
I Unger, beloved mother of'Frank L., Elijah
and Cress j • Ung-er, aged 73 years and 9
months. ¦
' tC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at.l o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2721' Twentieth street, between. Hamp-
shire and /York. Interment Mount, Olivet
Cemetery by carriage. . ¦
SCHOW— In this city, "May 5, 1901, Magens
Schow, a native j of Copenhagen, ' Denmark,
affed 77 years. • . -..¦-.'- 't\
SHUCK— In this city. May 4, 1901, Josephine
Q M., beloved daughter of Oscar T. and Mattle
M. Shuck, and sister of Mrs. C. Burdett, a
native of California, aged 31 years 1 month
¦and 7-days.> .'.:.¦•-- , . ; ¦¦ . . ¦
. ¦ (C^The funeral will take place this day
: (Monday), at. 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1908 Buchanan street, thence to St.
¦ Dominic's- Church, where a solemn . requiem
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
jgsoul,' commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.-.
OEVERNDIEK— In this' city, May 3, 1901,
J Frederick Oeverndiek. beloved husband I of
Marie Oeverndlelc,' and father of Henry Oev-
erndiek, Mrs. J. Wintgen, Mrs. B. Hlnter-
man, Mrs. C. Lemberg and Fred, William,
Edw.. and- August Oeverndiek, . a native Of
Hanover, . Germany, 2 aged 71 years and 10
months. A member, of Hercules. Lodge No."
53, A. O. U. W., and Miantonomah Tribe No.
9, Imp. O. R. M. • -. - :
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the funeral services
. this -day (Monday), ¦ at 1." o'clock, at the
late i reeldence, 711 Polk ' street. Interment
¦ Mount OHvfct Cemetery. ' . .
SCHINKEL— In this city. May 4. 1901. Alber-
• tine, dearly beloved wife of DIedrich Schin-
kel, and mother of Albert* and Willie
• Schlnkel, and sister of Mr«." R. Schultze and
"William J. Pattosien and Mrs. J. Emme and
Mrs.' H." Fasmers, a' native of Bremen,' Ger-
many, : aged 34 years 6 ' months and 2 days.
A- member of : San Francisco Frauen Vereln
and Norddeutscher Frauen Verein.
'¦• CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
! (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
: ; dence,' 2429 Sutter street, thence to St.' Domi-
¦ nlc's Church . for prayers. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by, carriage."
O'CONNOR— In this city, May 3, 1901, "John,
beloved husband of the late Kate O'Connor,
and father of Richard W.,' Thomas J.: and
'Emma. :H. O'Connor, a native of Newcastle
West, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 76
5 years 10 months I and 10 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
.: dence, 181 Randall street,- thence to St. Paul's
• Church, .where a solemn requiem mass- will
'be celebrated ; for -the repose of ¦ his soul,
. commencing at 9:30" o'clock. . Interment Holy
-•Cross Cemetery- . " • •¦;:¦ ¦
MULLEN— In this city. May 5, ' 1901, .John
Mullen, beloved husband of Margaret . Mul-
'1 len, and father of Edward, James, John and
Mag-file Mullen " and " Mrs. Shewbridge, Mrs.
• Bourke and Mrs. Breclnious, a native of Ire-
land, aged 85 years. , -':
- . • E?"Friends - and acquaintances are respect-'
: fully invited: to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
.- dence, 1019 Washington " street, thence to St.
•;. Mary's,; Church * (Paulist). - where a requiem
- high mass will be celebrated for the repose
-•of her soul, commencing at 1 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. - -"
MAHON— In. this city." May^6. 1901.- John J.,
\ beloved husband of Kate Mahon, and father
:. of, Annie and. .the late Mary A. Mahon, and
son of Ellen and the late John J. Mahon.
and - brother jot William T. . Mahon and , Mrs.
-• A.' Garders, a native of New Jersey, aged 31
years , and. 6 i months. ; ' . .- . -
MAQUART— In this city. May 4, 1901,' Mrs. ; A.
Maquart (nee Alvarez). .- - ... : v
I E7"FTiends and I acquaintances are'rtspect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at -2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
: to; French - Church of Notre Dame des Vlc-
tofres, Bush street. , : -
MARTIN— In this city, May 4, 1901, Elizabeth,
beloved wif e ¦ of Isaac i D. Martin, and . mother
.of Mrs. A. « Isaacs of Tacoma. - Mrs. Jullen
. Liebes, Mrs... Moses J.Lyon and Rebecca and
. David Martin, a native of ' London, England,
aged 57 years 1 month and 24 days. ' - ' - .
ETThe funeral will take place this day
% (Monday), at 10:15 o'clock,, from the family
' residence, 1101 - Gea'ry street. . - Interment
strictly private. Please omit flowers.
MEYER— In the City" and County Hospital.-
May 5, 1901, Charles Meyer, a "native 'of
Switzerland, aged 58' years. , '
MOGAN— In ' this city,- May "4, 1901, Patrick,
beloved | husband . of Margaret Mogan, and
: father of Tessie, Mary, Patrick J. and Col-
men- Mosran, and - brother - of Matt and
- Michael. Mogan, a native of . County Galway,
: Ireland, aged 34 years and ' 6 months. -.
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
¦ day, ; May 8, at 1 o'clock,: from the parlors of
' J.-S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
. to French Church ' of Notre . Dame des- Vic-
'-, tolres," Bush. street. ¦-.-¦. " .:' -
LOVE^-In . this city, " May 3. 190t ' Maty," relict
' of . the late -James , Love, ; and mother of Wll-
.-llam-J.and Annie A. Love.'a native of Ire-'
i land,' aged 68. years. :\ . •NATIVE DAUGHTERS WHO TOOK
PART. IN MEMORIAL SERVICES
FOR DEAD SISTERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ MAY ;6/;1901^
Memorial" exercises were held by. many
parlors of the Native Daughters of -the
Golden "West : yesterday throughout - the
State. \ . -TV-.- v ' \ - -
The benediction was pronounced by Past
Grand President Sister Wittenmeyer, and
the memorial services closed with "Amer
ica,", played by- the orchestra while the
entire audience remained standing. -.''¦.-,.
It is not what others do for us, but what we
dofor ourselves that constitutes monuments by
which we shall be remembered. Noble example
flres the soul; .eood deeds make our path on
earth; a flowery one. By these shall we be re
membered and not by the work of the sculptor.
Thos'6 who have achieved good. deeds need no
work of the sculptor to tell us that they, lived.
So it is with the lives of those whose memory
we revere to-day and at all. times. Such were
our loved sisters who have passed away. I Let
our teare fall, but not in sorrow. As we think
of them we, needs must weep. Let us remember
as our tears fall that they have gone to a realm
where, there is no sorrow. Our departed ones
would, if they could speak, wish us to live, not
,for self, but for our friends and our beloved
order. When the call of death comes to ua, may
we, like our beloved sisters, lay down the bur
den so that those left behind may say that they
and our order benefited, by knowing us." -
Sister Etta O'Brien sang a sacred song
and was followed by the Press Club
Quartet, which feelingly rendered the
"Miserere." ' '
Those we honor to-day need no monument to
remind us of their worth. "We Native Daughters
of the Golden West require no reminder of the
loved ones who : have passed to the hereafter.
Their . deeds in life are the monuments they
themselves erected for all time. Life is all too
ehort to -allow us. to do our alloted work. Our
task is to erect- a monument for ourselves that
shall remain for all time. The crumbling work
of sculptors have received the tears of those
left to mourn. Costly monuments sink to decay.
Mourners and mourned alike sink into forget
fulness, while the deeds of life remain, for all
time. . ¦ ¦ . • ¦ . . ¦'• .
In, part Sister Bertola said:
Eulogy of Life's Deeds.
Tosemlte Parlor— Miss . L>aura Hallday, • Miss
Mary Rlordan, Miss Amelia Glaninl. ¦ -
The Press Club Quartet feelingly sang
"Some Sweet *Day," closing the first part
of the exercises.' .
The second part of the exercises opened
with the singing of "For All Eternity,",
by E. Fenstermacher. and was i followed
by the rendition of "The Brighter Day,"
by Sister Lillian Hanson.
Past Grand President Sister Mariana
Bertola, M. D., delivered the eulogy, and
many eyes overflowed with tears during
the solemn address.
1 Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia. I
Druggists," EOo flask. Richards & Co.." 406 Clay.* j
, Fred .'¦ Gearidrbt, . son '- ; of Mrs. ¦ , E.\-;. L.
Greandrot . ' of ,', 791 -.Sutter street, -was
knocked'-, down ; by ¦-; a --. McAllister-street
cable • car • on Market- street ; - yesterday,
morning. ' 'The lad sustained • a compound
fracture of -the", leg -and* was conveyed- to
the : Harbor -Receiving Hospital ' for treat
ment. ¦:¦-. -V ¦'• '•¦.¦-.*¦.- •¦. /. - - : /': :;. .. ¦;.';'•'•¦ - : '¦ ; .
Knocked Down by a Cable Car.
: The' most ' charming in ¦ natural
wood in the dull ; Flemish, and
polished finishes.' Many new thinss ' in
niafvboards recently added. ;,Tlny ;blacks,"
grays^ greens, mahogany and ' gilt ',. mold
ings -used. for framing small ' pictures pro
duce-beautiful gems for wall "decorations
at very reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market ; street. ' ' •
Good Effects in Framing.
who has just returned from' Seattle, tells
in detail of the accident to B:iM.Liel6ng,
la*e secretary of ,the State Board. of,; Hor-,
tlculture, whlch.it is believed, had much
to do with^Ws suicide. ¦ .""S ; : i'*-' ¦
¦ Some five weeks ago,, at about: 2 p., m.,'.
Lelong stepped on an orange peel at the
corner of Eddy and " Powell streets, and
fell heavily, the back 1 of ." hisJ^iead strik
ing with great force on. yt6- pavement.'
Leahy, Ferris . Hartman and ¦ Harry Cash
man'happened along just then,', and they,
picked ; Lelong- up and took ; him - to 'v Dr.
FitzgibbonsV office". •*: ¦ ~ .' ¦• "¦.¦.;
.Lelong acted very queerly after regain
ing consciousness, ¦ and ; Dr. Fitzglbbon
said: that the; Injury, was serious. He
gave ;. directions : for the care ' of the ' , pa
tient, and Lelong. was taken , to : the Grand
Hotel and placed- in 'charge • of £ friends. .• ;
.Mr.. Leahy is 'confident that i the Injury
to Lelong's head Induced \ the melancholia
that, led directlv ' to the ' suicide.' •
W. H. Lea hy \ Tells of the
v Late Secretary's ; Mishap;
in San Francisco.
¦ . ¦ • . ¦¦¦-..»-•.
• — ¦
- W. H. Leahy, manager of .the , Tivoli/i
FALL ON PAVEMENT
CAUSE OF SUICIDE
Aji address was delivered ; last evening
to members' of. the • Social Democratic
party at, the Academy of Sciences -by A.
H. Sanbom, whose object was- "What Are
We Coming To?'- The speaker reviewed
at length ; the ' growth cf the centraliza
tion of , capital and : claimed that present
conditions were- the- menace of the few
against the many. . He placed, trusts . in
the same category as | the ownership of
land by the ; aristocrats in Europe : that
neither theVmen in the, trusts; the
landowning, aristrocrats had secured ¦ their
property by giving a proportionate equiv
alent. The speaker argued that while the
trusts might have a so-called legal right
to " their - property/, they, did' not : possess
any moral right to it. He- believed that
common honesty would some , day, give to
every man a share of the world's goods
due to him and the race of mankind, would
be happier. :-'..A.' short general discussion
followed the address. ¦ ¦ ' '
Address ; to Social Democrats.
Games— TV. Murphy. J. Smith, M. Gaul, J.
J. Sullivan and B. Timmlns. ¦
Hound Park.
The Irish Nationalists of San Francisco,
Ean Jose and Oakland held their thirty
second annual reunion at Shell Mound
Park yesterday, under the auspices of the
Knights of the Red Branch.
Special trains were run to and from the
picnic grounds during the afternoon.
About 2,000 guests were present, and all
were afforded ample entertainment. More
than $500 worth of cash and provision
prizes were given away.
Races and various other athletic con
tests were held for boys, guis, married
men, fat men, fat women, young ladies,
and members.
The upper and lower pavilions were
given up to the dancers, for whom two
bands and an orchestra furnished music.
The following named composed the com
mittees:
Arrangements — J. Kelemede, J. J. Canniffe
C. L. Sheahan, J. J". Sullivan. J. J. Foley, J.
Doyle.
Reception— T. Desmond. P. Toner. J. Sheehy.
T. Degnan, \V. Hudson. D. O'Connor, H. P
Filg-ste. P. Kenny and M. O'Nell.
Floor — J. J. Foley. P. Crowe. J. McCabe T !
J. Mellott. J. Reilly. P. Gaul and P. Dono- i
hue.
IRISH NATIONALISTS
HOLD ANNUAL PICNIC
Members and Friends of Society Have
Pleasant Outing at Shell
'.Everything is in readiness at the baths
for the swimming season, which opens
next Saturday. The baths will 'remain
open until 11 p. m. during the summer.
It was cold and windy at the park and
beach yesterday and the ] crowds were
small. in consequence. No. accidents or in
cidents worthy of ' special mention .were
reported to . the police during the day.
Seabury, the famous Ijlgh diver, -has re
turned to the Chutes and, notwithstand
ing the cold weather, entertained a large
crowd yesterday with his daring aquatic
feats. The new pleasure wheel,' some whdt
on the lines of the Ferris wheel; is now in
operation: at the Chutes and many enjoyed
a ride yesterday. Following are the re
sults-of the aauatlc . contests at Sutro's
baths: ¦ ¦" • . • / . /
~Flfty-yard race— P. Sundberg, first ;.R. Grun
dy, second..' .'. •" •.-..., : -;
Under water race— H. Leicken, first; J. Eras
my, second.: « •-'..;¦. ,
. Tub race— T.Bogan,' first; J. Rogers, second;
H. Primrose; third.
• One-hundred-yard race— J. Rey, first; T.r Mc-
Klnnon,, second. ' . ¦
.Trick and fancy spring-board dlvlngr— P. Sund
berg. first prize; H. Leickens, second prize."
". High -diving for boys— P.' Sundberg, first; L.
Hayes, second. * . . -,r. . . . . • .
Sunday at Pleasure Places.
Reserved scats will be placed on sale
In room 87 of the Flood buildine next
Friday. The seating capacity of past yeai s
has numbered about 5000. This year efforts
will be made to accommodate. many more
spectators.' At* a meeting held yesterday
afternoon 100 ushers were chosen to seat
the vast audience. :.-.:•
A practice drill of the Leaeue of the
Cross Cadets was held at Mechanics' Pa
vilion yesterday afternoon.. Nearly the
entire regiment was on the Jloor and a
fine appearance was presented. The Ca
dets havef been well drilled and their
maneuverlngs were perfect.
President McKinley will, arrive at the
Pavilion at 8 o'clock on May 17, the night
of the competitive drill for the trophy.
The three companies to compete with
Cdmpany D, the present holder, • will be
selected on the evening of May 14. or three
days previous. The review, of the entire
regiment by the President will occur, first
and this will be followed by the competi
tion.
League of the Cross Cadets
Show Much Skill in
Maneuvers.
AFTERNOON PRACTICE
HELD AT PAVILION
SIMPLK, yet impressive - In their
simplicity, were the memorial ser
vices held yesterday afternoon by
the Native Daughters of the Gold
en West of Alameda 1 and San
Francisco counties as a token of regard
of deceased members of the order.
The services were held In the large Na
tive Sons' Hall on Mason street and at
tracted a large audience, mainly com
posed of members of the fair "sex. The
hall was draped in purple and black, re
lieved by shields and flags of the national
colors. The stage was draped in similar
colors and was banked with" ferns and
flowers. At the right of the stage the
silken banner of the Grand Parlor of the
I Native Daughters hung half-mast from
its gold-mounted pole, and across the
stage was stretched the impressive words
in white letters, "We mourn our departed
sisters."
In former years it was the custom for
the various parlors to hold Individual me
morial services, but this year, by the en
ergetic work of Miss Lizzie Douglas of
Alta Parlor, it was arranged that the par
lors of Alameda and San Francisco coun
ties should combine and venerate the
memory of their dead sisters by orie grand
service.
The arrangements for the memorial
services were made by a committee con
sisting of Mrs. C. S. Baker, chairman;
Miss Burke, vice chairman, and Miss Jes
sie Creighton, secretry. ¦ ¦
On Saturday last the graves of the dead
sisters of the parlors were decorated with
flowers by loving hands, while yesterday
an unostentatious tribute was paid to
their memory at the services held. . . . .. .. ¦
Memory of Dead Revered.
The exercises opened with the rendition
of Chopin's superb funeral march by
Blum's orchestra, and was followed by
the address of the grand vice president.
Sister Genevieye Baker.
The speaker In part said:
Our gathering here Is one of sadness, yet. In
view of all things, it Is one of Inspiration. .The
emblems of mourning we see around us speak
in solemn language. They tell us of death com-,
ing to all. beckoning the sisters who are l here
as the sisters we revere were beckoned. Many
have responded to the I call and have passed
through the door to which we must all make our
way. From the dawn of creation that law has
existed and will exist for all time. ,
Life at best Is a long and tedious-anarch, filled
with alternate"; triumphs and sorrows. Yet, after
all our successes and defeats, our (rains and
losses, we finally enter on the sleep of death.
Out of all this struggle It Is wellAhat we do
some one thtng for the benefit of? humanity.
Like those who 'have passed away, let us strive
to do some one thing and then gladly Join the
ranks In heaven under the Great Captain who
Is over all. It behooves us to follow the exam
ple of our dead sisters. Let us give our love to
our sisters on earth: let us be kind to all; let
our lives be frentle and womanly, so that when
we are called upon to enter the Grand Parlor
on high, we shall have no need for regrets. •
Sister Lillian' Wilson then ; sang "'"The
Holy City," and was followed by Past,
Grand President Sister Clara Wltten
meyer, who . delivered the -invocation -in
feeling 1 tones. ¦¦* - ¦'¦> ~:
W. G. Baudoln sang "A Dream of Para
dise," and the roll of the dead sisters was
called by Sister Anges Thornagle, whose
voice often faltered as she pronounced the
names of loved ones memory, is
near and dear to the Native Daughters
of the Golden West. ' ,
Rollcall of Deceased, Sisters.
The names of deceased members of the
various parlors called by Sister Thornagle
were as follows: , ,./
AHa Parlor— Miss Minnie- Casey, Miss Kate
Kelleher, Mrs. Maud Telfer, Miss Maggie
Cantwell, Mrs. Mary Huckins, Miss • Mary.
Driscoll. MUb ¦Lillie Mullin, Miss Mary Hagans,
Mrs. Mary Kaneen, Mrs. Lizzie jRlgney, Miss
Julia Brown, Miss Jennie. Daly, Miss .Bertha
Butters, MissJosie- Lynch, Mrs. ' Mary Brock, ,
Miss Rose Lynch, Mrs. Annie Williams, ¦ Miss
Gussle CroEsley. '. -\ f ." '¦" v . % - " :. ,
Buena Vista Parlor— Mrs. S. E.' ABher,' Miss
Sophie Grotte, -Mrs. Annie Von Leggern, Miss
J3dith . McNally. Miss Mary.: Bury, • Miss Mollie
Grief, Miss Celia Kaufman,' Mrs. "Lena Doug-'
lass,. Miss Annie Powers, Mrs. Jennie Mc-
Carthy. ' V • • ¦ . '.-¦"¦¦.
Fremont Parlor— Miss Ella Tyson, Mrs. Sarah
Dollan. ' ¦ " " ' .¦...;..
La Estrella Parloi" — Mrs.' Theresa Foster, Mrs:
Kate Ross, Mrs. Lillian Carlie. '
• Minerva I Parlor— Miss Martha Holmes, " Miss
Annie Faubel^ Mrs. Mary Lynch. - -' .. ';
S OrojBno • Parlor— Miss Annie -.•- Mltchle, Mrs.
¦Mary Handly. Miss Madge Henrlx. .-'.'--. , * '
Orinda Parlor— Miss Mamie Hock, Miss Annie
Doyle. Miss Ada Murray, Mrs. ,Kver Gunther. •
Piedmont Parlor— Mrs. Refretta Oliver, Miss
Louisa Jacobson. ¦ ; ; ;
Alameda" Parlor— Miss Marie v Therese Moron,
Mrs. Kate Lee Moron/ Miss Jennie Trausue. . '
. Las Lomas Parlor— Mrs. Mary -Edwards. \',
Eans Souci Parlor — Mrs. Susie Bucklln. • . ¦ ,'
BUTCHERS' PICNIC FIXED
FOR -WEDNESDAY, MAY 22
Elaborate Programmes to Be Given at
. Shell Mound Park and Oakland
¦_. Racetrack.
.The annual celebration of butchers'^ day
will take, place on "Wednesday, May- 22,
and an elaborate programme Is being pre
pared by the committee in charge of the
event. - Shell Mound Park- and Oakland
race track have been secured for the day
and bands of music will be in attendance
at each place. . More than $1000 will " be
awarded as ,-prlzes and • entries for the
ru ces will be received up to May 17 by J.
M. Gilbert,. 414 Pine street. \
The following is the programme of races
scheduled to take place: i-\
First race— Butchers' trotting and pacing
race for retail butchers only. Horses to be
owned thirty days prior to the day of race.
Owners (or employes who have been in own
er's employe thirty days prior to day of. race)
to drive. First prize, Hi); second prize, ?30;
third prize, $15.- - - ' • •
Second race — Butchers' trotting and pacing
race, for wholesalers and Jobbers. Members,
or sons of members, to drive. Must be three
starters or more. No ownership of horse re
quired. First prize. $50; second prize, $25;
third ; prize, • $10. y . -
Third race — Running race, - one mile. \for
four-year-olds and ¦ upward, 10 pounds below
the scale. First prize, $50; second prize, $23;
third prize. $10. ..<.¦ - .t
Fourth race— Free. for all, trotting, and pac
ing race. Open to all who desire to enter.
Must be three starters or more. First prize,
$50; second prize, $25; third prize, '$10.
Fifth race— -Running? race. > one mile, ' for
three-year-olds and. upward; weight for age.
First prize. $50; second prize, $25; third i prize,
$10.
Sixth race— Free for all, trotting and pacing
race, two-mile dash; open to all who desire to
enter. First prize, ,$30; second prize, $25; third
prize, $10. ...
Seventh race— Steer running **ce, one-eighth
mile; must be three starters of more. First
prize. $40; second, prize, $25; third prize.' . $15. '
' Eighth race — Vaquero running race, quarter
mile. Vaqueros to ride. For vaqueros only.
First prize, $20; second prize, $10; third prize.
Ninth race-^-Runnlng race, one mile. For
four-year-olds' and upward. First prize, $50;
second prize, $25; third prize, $10. "
The committee In charge Is as follows: .
. E. J. Taaffe, chairman. Fifth ' street and
Railroad avenue. South San Francisco; I. Poly,
329 Kearny street; E. G.Rodolph. 508 Califor
nia street; U. M. Slater. Oakland . Stockyards;
H. Westphal. Oakland Stockyards; B. Coombs.
Alameda; ' Sol Clayburgh, 339 Kearny street;
R." Consanl. 109 Turk street. ".
George Seesenie, a striking waiter, was
taken into custody yesterday and con
fined in the insane ward at the City Hall.
The loss of his mind is due to an intense
Interest in labor troubles and religious
subjects.
Striking: "Waiter Goes Insane.
Rev. William E. Dugan, pastor of the
Stewart Memorial Presbyterian Church,
preached a sermon to his congregation
last night. He chos* as his subject the
question of "Labor." He discussed the
conditions existing between labor and
capital at the present time.
Pastor Speaks of Labor Troubles.
Members of the executive committee of
the San Francisco Labor Council had a
conference at headquarters during the
afternoon to discuss the situation, but
took no decided action in following up the
line of action suggested by the Council on
Friday night.
The restaurant proprietors are still as
confident of victory as ever. In many
places during *he day the attendance was
up to the normal. In some places where
the pickets had been most effective here
tofore the police officers on duty found
their only work to be to gaze upon the
good things to eat displayed in the win
dows and loosen their belts in anticipa
tion of quitting time.
While the Carriage Makers* Association,
of which H. M. Black Is th^ chairman,
•was disposed to grant the two most im
portant demands of the men. it was not
disposed to recognize the union. A strike
•was originally planned for to-day, but
after a long discussion it was decided in
stead to hold a conference with Black
and other carriagemakers and endeavor
to formulate some plan by which the
three unions might be recognized. Some
resuJt will be reached by to-morrow night,
when the three unions will again meet at
the Temple.
The striking cooks and waiters rested
after their demonstration of Saturday
night, and in many places no patrol was
maintained. The reason for this is said
at headquarters to be that the increase in
the number of restaurants that have
adopted the union schedule is so rapidly
growing that many of their men and
women are being called off the street.
It is claimed that three kitchen crews
will leave as many of the more prom
inent restaurants to-day unless the pro
prietors agree to union regulations. Seven
applications from- proprietors of restau
rants in different parts of the city were
received and acted upon. One restaurant,
at 416V4 Ellis street, of which Mrs. C. I.
Howell ¦was the proprietress, closed its
doors at noontime. It is said the restau
rant will not reopen. So far it is alleged
that almost or.e-third of all the restau
rants are unionized.
Another strike is In the air. The men
connected with the carriage making in
dustry held a meeting yesterday morning
at the Turk-street Temple. There were
about 200 blacksmiths, carriage painters
and carriage builders present, besides
President Goff apd Secretary Rosenberg
of the Labor Council and National Or
ganizer Pierce. Some time ago the work
men demanded nine hours a day, an in
crease in pay and the recognition of their
unions.
Carriage Builders' Unions to
Present Plaints to
Employers.
Restaurant Strike Has
Not Reached Acute
Stage Yet.
PLENTY TO EAT
FOR THE HUNGRY
The third anniversary ... of the" organiza
tion of the Volunteer -Leasrue, an adjunct
of the Young Men's Christian Association,
¦was celebrated ¦with appropriate exercises
yesterday- afternoon in _the association
auditorium on ! Mason and Ellis streets.
The object of the league, is i the'propaga
tion of Christian work among the young
men of less ¦ favorable lands, especially
Japan. . ,'¦.'.-¦, . -
Seated on the stage were CM. .Whit
ney," president of the Volunteer Leayue;
Frank Hanschild, treasurer; Alexander
Gardner, secretary; Henry J. McCoy, sec
retary of the Y. M. C. A.; and Rev. H. H.
Bell and Rev. Frederick W. Clampett,
rector of , Trinity Episcopal Church; vho
delivered an> address on the subject, "The
Extension; of the King-dom of ¦, Christ
Among Younjj Men." - ' '
:' After a prayer by Rev. Dr. H. H. Bell, a
hymn sung by the congregation of ladles
and gentlemen assembled and • the rendi
tion of a vocal number by the Knicker
bocker quartet, President Whitney briefly
outlined the work, accomplished by the
league in Japan. He stated that under tne
supervision of Galen 'M. Fisher, interna
tional I traveling secretary, the Japanese
young men were fast being enrolled under
the banner of the- association for the fur
therance of Christian principles. An asso
ciation building had been erected in Toklo,
where several hundred converts gathered
to hear the Gospel explained. "An extraor
dinary effort. Mr. • Whitney said, would.be
made to support a general secretary in
Japan next year. One hundred members
of the league we.re at present contributing
to the expense of the foreign department
of the association work and' he urged
those present to join in order to help the
good cause along. • .
After; th<> singing of a solo by Mrs.
Dickie, accompanied by Mrs. Grandhman,
Rev. Dr. Clampett delivered his address.
In which he spoke of the commendable
work In which the league was engaged,
that of Christianizing the 'people of less
favored s lands. He referred to the fact
that this city possesses the distinction .of.
being the first to organize the Volunteer
League and that through its efforts 'the
foreign work is taking a strong hold, es
pecially among the Japanese. He conclud
ed by saying that no worthier cause ex
isted than that which the league ¦ was'
fostering. > ..'...- .¦<¦_¦.
Volunteer League Holds
Celebration of Aniii
v versary.
¦ - . ¦' •¦ '.': -.¦¦¦'•¦
A General'; Secretary Will
Soon Be Necessary in
> Japan.
BEGINS THIRD
Y EA H OF WORK
Parlors of San Francisco and Alameda Counties Unite and Hold
Memorial Services That Are Simple Yet Impressive*
NATIVE DAUGHTERS HONOR MEMORY
OF DEAD SISTERS OF THE ORDER
12
Ql Wk A/I PI?
J /L, T Jm. A T m '»¦' — <f : ™"^^^ •
FABRICS
We take' pleasure in announclnij the aprlval
of a veru large shipment ¦> of .the following
; NEW GOODS. ..
FINE TWILL ALL-SILK FOULARDS, satin finish anl 24
inches In width; all the- latest shades, -such as
Reseda, Grays, Old Rose, Maroon, National, GoDelln
Y and Violet; also New White anl- Black Effects.
Price $1.25 Yard.
, FRENCH PRINTED CJiA£YS, with: narrow ani wile
satin stripes, foulard silk: designs and all the latest
pastel colorings, sultahle for hoth houss anl
street wear, .
X.I Ivv V^ \J v JL C4<X \Ab
SCOTCH ZEPHYR GINGHAMS, In Stripes, Checks anl
Plaids, full 32 Inches wide} then are In Blues,
Pinks, Lavender, New Red and .White anl Black.
Price 20c Yard.
\ MERCERIZED PRINTED SATEENS, 33 Inches In wilth,
same designs as French Foularls, anl fullo 40
lifferent patterns; this is a most leslpahle fahrlc
. • for summer wear.
Price 25c Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL. ;
-2000 REMNANTS PLAIN AND CHENILLE DOT- TUXEDO
VEILINGS; Black, Cream anl Colors} lengths from
Kti to l^uarlsj markel lown to LESS THAN
HALF PRICE.
III, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET,
3-DAY SALE!
MONDAY— TUESDAY— THURSDAY
-. . ¦ .PHONE MISSION 9. - : -
/"Wednesday being Grocers' day, w« .will: be
closed for our outing. "You will find ourselves
and clerks at Schuetzen Park. ;
EGGS,; extra fancy 2 doz 35c
• ¦'•* Received direct from Highland Poultry Farm.
BUTTER, extra fancy Creamery - ¦ per, sq 32 Jc
• -We guarantee this the flnestbutter made. .-.'¦.
Give us a trial when you want to pickle. .
COAL OIL; ] water white ' TV 5 gals 80c
;' We guarantee a bright lleht or'money back.
. Regular 95c. i ¦•'¦•¦ - . . ~-y< ¦¦¦
MACARONI, SPAGHETTI or VERMICELLI, lb 5c
• . Extra special, received " daily from the bak-
ery. Made from the very best flour. • "¦
SOAP, for the laundry t . % ; '•¦¦ . 13 cakes. 25c
, Very cheap for the quality : large cakes,' and
: *. we guarantee it easy on the skin. •'. V- -' . •.
CASTILE , SOAP, for the toilet . 6 bars 25c
¦ .' 4 cakes to the bar; don't overlook this. One
• • of 'our pick-ups.. . ' ; : • .' '
SAND SOAP," large cakes 8 cakes 25c
; .. Good for scouring and cleaning.
BORAX SOAP, the white kind V . 6 cakes 25c
-7;,The white color, indicates Its purity. l^ , :
BEANS, Van Camp's, in tomato sauce, 3 cans 25c
- • NIce'eatlnsr; Quick meal.
FUUR/any brand; ; ,50-lb sack 85c
>; Made from the , very, best Wheat. \ ; ; . ¦
m. CORCORAN & GO,*
.1201 Valencia Street,' xi;j
-.; ' \ ¦ . ¦' . Corner ¦¦ Twenty-ThlrdA
•. ' .""'': ¦ ' . ' S ; < . ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ - \
ADVEETISEMENTS.
BOYCOTT!
Suppose, through your Industry and
,,' ravings, you ooen a store, and the In-
vestment represents your all, and then a.
lot of Irresponsible clerks, without a'
dollar at etake, order you to close your
etore at 6 p. m. to suit their personal con-
venlence, and you explain to them why
you cannot do so without losing your
money Invested, but are willing to let
your clerks go at that hour and they
1 reply close at 6 or we will make you.
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
TTouldn't you continue In your business
and allow your clerks to co at 6 p. m;
endeavor to be honest with your custom-
ers, yourself and the clerks, as I have
done for the last ten weeks?
I think you would.
Come down some evening and see
•what's going on.
JOHN T. GIBSON,
"The Men's Furnisher,"
1204 Market St.,
Near Golden Gate Ave.
An Honest Man Witi Hoaesb Prices.
BAD WAY'S KEADY KEtlKF has stood
unrivaled before the public ; for 60 years a* a
fain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,
Headache, Tootache and - all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggist*.
BOLPBIBO, BO WIW * CO'8 SPECIAL BAYIHG BAH
BOtDBEHQ
BDWEN
eft jf« *
..;¦¦« CD "
MAIL ORDERS
Dispatched^ quickly carefully
Estimates furnished for
Supplies
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Old Dominion— Eastern — t -?«r
reg'ly 15k lb - C
Go os e 1 i v e r
Puree defoies gras — ¦ - -
. Sandwich paste— reg'ly 25c can zoc
O live o i 1
GB & Co— Sublime. Lucca— coc
reg'ly 55c quart bottle . v
M u s h r ooms
F Le court— fancy— reg'ly 25c 2 2j.C
i French— hotel— reg'ly 20c— can 1 72 C
C a st i 1 e s o a p
French white— 2 CC
lots of lather— reg'ly 30c bar J
M aple, sy ; r u p
Hazen— there is nothing finer > 5oc
« reg'ly 65c k gallon
P in e a p pi e
Singapore — in rich syrup • .15c
2— 2j— 3 lb cans— sliced — whole— 2OC
reg'ly 20c— 25c— 30c can 25c
Coffe e
..... -• . " "¦'-;
Crescent— reg'ly 25c lb , 2OC
Pi mien t o s
Pimientos Morrones-reg'ly25ccan-2oc
Spanish peppers ..
Fruit syr u p s
Pure— natural flavor— ,
all kinds— reg'ly 50c bottle T"
¦v W H I S K
All families have some
medicinal liquor in the
house — it. ¦ should be the
best procurable
7 We offer the oldest, mellowest
whiskies ever ' brought . here
Old Crow Bourbon
.Hermitage^ Rye
Hermitage Bourbon
.Twelve to twenty years old ,.
Burg u n d y
Mountain vineyard— . 6cc
rich heavy body— reg'ly $1 gallon - ?.
"R y- e w h i- s- k ; yr;
Old Mellow — reg'ly,, $1— bottle 7 CC
" WM ,-"¦•¦; V gallon $3.
. Gibson-full quart-reg'ly $1 40 $ I ¦ I •
- icV.vears old— reg'ly $5— gallon 4 .
• S0LPBEB8. BOWEN b CO'S SPECIAL SAYPtg 3ALB
Old i o m gin
D. C. L. full quart r»r\n.
Booth's— reg'ly %\ bottle 9 O(J
Orange bitter s
Field's— reg'ly $i bottle 90c
Carmel soap
Made from Olive oil In Palestine— p
reg'ly 60c box of 6 cakes 5 oc
T 00 t Ji powder
Listerated — reg'ly 25c bottle — 2OC
best tooth preservative
Hone y
Mountain dew — strained — 2OC
pure — reg'ly 25c pint— for colds
Candy
Peanut bar — reg'ly 25c lb— 2OC
fresh— delicious
French knives
456 7 6 9 10 11 12 inch
15c 15c 20c 25c 30c 35c 40c 50c 60c
Trompette brand— the best
433 Pine 232 Slitter 3800 California San Franclac*
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
NEWBAUSCH &\OMB.
Stereo Field Glasses
AT
REDUCED PRICES.
Ocullsta' rrcaciistiona fllle^L Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 10.
OPTICIANS^ rtot S?TAP^™»«w.
642 Market 5t. instruments
sunder cMBo^iat ButLoiNo. Catalogue Fr[£.
I — — — , : : — l . __
&J? FAVORITE
I EL FOR WEAK WOMEN.
1 SpecialistciirMBIood Poison, GonoVr^8a?G?e^V
riH^nS s u nll " Hl » Ve S knes -' 1 ' 'mpotence and their
I allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. frr«.
I ?,^?i7^ r XTt X^ en< ; e - T <f rmsre<luwnable - Hours
taUonfreeandsacredlyconfldeDtial. Call oi-addresa
P. ROHCOB 3f«XUl*TY. 31. D.
2S>£ Kearny St^ San Fran«»i<»c«u Cal-
\Aj. T. ; H ESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNIY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SpreckeU Bids.
' Telephone- Brown 931.
Residence. &1 California st., below PowaU.
' San Francisco.