SAN^FRA2^ISGO, ; i ; WEDN3^^ '1901 i '¦;¦¦¦[
t _ " . ..' *
. y*-«^rRETTY: Evangeline'' Curnler,; who , -
j^Ol livesat 844 MIssiori : street, had an
. \W~y^experience yesterday , that she will
¦^*" not. forget; in/^her^ lifetime. : . She
¦•was picked^upt bodily by/a young
man namedFredSkillraan, thrown out of '
her home and forced; to sit' on ; the"'door
step of her. 'abode .shivering in the driz
zling rain that fell her ."scantily, pro
tected body. i. . - ' ' L : . -• .V :
But for. the! prompt' work", of .Secretary
Whitd and- Officer McMurry of the Cali
fornia Society,- for the ¦ Prevention of , Cru-.
eity to" Children, the'-liittle^girl [and- her
smaller brother.' might ", have ' been ; . corn- ¦
pelled {9 remain 'hi tHe^ cold; for hours and ,
their . lives might have, been endangered.
Skillman was compelled by; the officers of
the Humane Society, to withdraw the nails
that - he had used !ul fastening : the i door
and the little ones .tv^re^bnee: more com- '
f ortably, housed.", Thejjiri'Vras irrirriediate
l>y put to bed * and ,'Will ; be ¦ corripelled to
LITTLE ; EVANGALINE '. CURNIER, [WHO WAS FORCIBLY - EVICTED
: FROM HER HOME BY FRED SXILLMAN "AND WAS COMPELLED TO
STAY'OUT IN THE RAIN* WITHOUT PROTECTION. m
Other Crimes.
'CONSTANTINOPLE, April 2.-Twelve
Bulgarians tried at Monastlr for, the znur
der. of ' a ¦ priest at Stavr o and for other
revolutionary* acts have been sentenced,
one to death; three , to imprisonment for
life ' and the j others to Imprisonment for
terms varying from two to ten years.'
¦ . ' ¦. : > * -; — ¦'" ¦ ' ' .
Grecian Monarch Angry.
CANEA,' Island of Crete, April 2.— Prince
George 1 ) of Greece, the high commissioner
of the powers, has dismissed the foreign
Minister,' M. Veniseles, . for having said
that Crete should be independent *
B tTLG AHIAN "REBELS - GUT
DEATH AND IMPRISONMENT
Twelve ' Revolutionists Sentenced - for
1 Murder of a Priest and
¦rThe President 'and Secretapr of .War are
full •_ of j praise D for ithe : manner. In. . which -
Goverrior."AIlen has accomplished hla task.
It ' is expected • here that if Governor Allen
declines to continue* in- office,*.: Secretary
prised if he decided not to return. to" Porto
RIco.^ Governor Allen; went to, Porto Rico
in* May last at the" personal request of , the
President" to set'up^the new civil 'govern
ment.' there' flJHp.^et' it"; Into good 'working
order* with' the 'distinct .understanding: that
he; was' not "to* be'" asked to : remain 'after
this was done. - ,,i,"
nor . Allen of Porto • Rico*, 1 , who" sailed . yes
'terday* ¦ from' San \ "Juan -^n the Mayflower
for Hampton Roads, has not formally sub
mi tted '• his ¦ resignation"; . so- f ar as can • be
"(eafned.'hls friends here. would not be sur-
• ; : ; Ministry for Him.'*
.^WASHINGTON.- April 2.— While ' Gover-
Friends Expect This While
* " f Official i Gossip Names Foreign - .-'
GOVERNOR .ALLEN t OF PORTO
RICO MAY RESIGN POST
I BERLIN; rAprll \ 2.'--The '] Magrdeburgische
Zeitung : "aflHert»t tha t* tno ¦ governments ?of .
Baden," Bavaria' and v A.!sace-Lorralne; have
decided tb'imp'rove, the Rhlrie. from Stra'as
burg down 'at & cost 'of 12,000,000 marks."- "j
; Will Improve the Rhine.
. LONDONY: "April..' 3.— According • to" ;the
Constantinople correspondent of , the Daily
Express V^the : Ottoman ' Government i"Jowln g
tpj fears fairlslng | f rdni -italy'sTattitude \ \<y
ward has dispatched "': 3000 T troops
thither ,\;c^^^S^&fvi^SflgmjuM^^mMm
Italy.'s ;- Attitude "/Alarms . Ottoman
Government: 'and;; It:-. Takes ,\
..J'.. Defensive Steps. /
TURKEY / SENDS - TROOPS
i'-j^OF -SOLDIERS TO TRIPOLI
animal was forced Into such - a position
that'it could riot' escape.' With both hands
clutching v its - : windpipe Dr. . 'Kingston
choked * the i breath out. of > the ; animal's
body ¦ and : then, } with the " assistance ' of a
neighbor,^who j had arrived/' threw the
carcass'fxom^the 'I window." '.'/
Hunt, late of Montana, will succeed to
the place. -As to Governor Allen's future,
his name Is . connected In official . gossip
with one of the foreign Ministries, though
as there are no' present vacancies he
might be obliged to wait for a time.
Mexican named Manuel Charts unearthed
a large quantity of silver bullion. The
Me ictn thought the metal he had found
•was lead and the value of his discovery
was not ascertained until to-day. It is
supposed to be some bullion that was
Etolen in 1S98 from a consignment which
¦was be*n«: shipped east on the Santa. Fe
Railroad.
Shortly after the robbery a Mexican
who committed It was Indicted here by
the Grand Jury on another offense and
was sent to the penitentiary for a long
term. He never divulged the hiding place
of the silver and it has remained undis
turbed until the laborer found it a few
days ago.
loiti>4n- cotrerrY coitn-cil
BENEFACTOR TO WORKMEN
building near the Rio Grande River, a
Mexican Discovers Ingots While Ex
cavating Old Adobe Building and
Thinks Them Lead.
EL PASO. Tex... April 2.— Several days
ago. while excavating by r a old adobe
LABORER'S PICK TTITEABTHS
¦BTJBIED SILVEK BULLIOH"
not manage the girl alone, Skillman' called
his wife 'and mother to his assistance, and
between the three; they, managed to' throw
the child out Into the cold.' Skillman, then
nailed Jup. the door.'; ' • • i .,,,
"round i'Hir; Children; Shivering. '
.'¦ When Mrs; . Curnier ; came home an 'hour
later ishe"; found '.her. little ones' seated on
the : doorstep^ shivering from ; cold/ '. She
was ¦ told ; whal had . happened, -but the
mother \ was too , weak i- to ; give •' bat tie. to
the evictor and she Joined her. children on
the front step arid" waited for the coming
of ..the*; father.; In? the meantime rsoine
kindhearted .- : neighbor, " who ' saw the- pa
thetic plight of the little" family, serit ; word
to the ' Society, for. ihi Prevention b f Cnir
elty.to Children: arid Secretary _Whlte' and
Policernan*McMur'ry ;.were v soon on' the
scerie. ;When the matter was explained to
the^offlcers ; they ': read the v "riot ; act". - to
Skillman; f ordered . him to open : the \ door
and 'allow the; shivering. .trio'; to seek shel
ter/ _¦/*'*: ¦"'.'/ y '¦''.': ''''
.-The mother: daughter ¦ and ;;• little . boy
were ' taken ,ln '. doors - by the : ofHce*rs 'arid
made /as -. comfortable, "as^ possible. - Th-3
daughter - was :' immediately { put .*to - bed.
Curnier's Explanation.
"This house belorigs*ito "me," said Mr.
Ciiriiier in exDlanatlon. I "I own- it arid
every piece of furnitare in it, I leased it
to! Mrs. ¦ Skillman ' arid to . keep possession
of the house : until t she pays' what is due
me : I ' hired this room, , which , is occupied
by-, iny wire and ¦ children. I only \ come
horns for my. meals. 1 live at the lodging
house I conduct at ; 10§l Howard street.'
• '.'When I leased this house to theSklU
mans they, agreed to pay. me $40 a month
until they had paid the amount due v /They
have" failed : to' live -tip to' their : agreement
and now owe me $323. rjllrs.' Skillman has
only . paid • me $125. : As > they .failed to" live
up to • thelr^ contract " I instructed my at
torneys. ; Joscelyn & .Tcscelyn, -.to •_ brins
suit against them for an annulment of tno
contract. The papers were served on them
yesterday and ; I belluve ; - that the ., , unpror
voked; attack on my family Is the outcome
of .the su l t *^ftBBpH
j'Th'ey claim . that \ I owe . them money.
Well, 'they -will have a '¦ chance to prove it
in* court. . I paid the rent for' th«" room, oc
cupied : by : my family/ up i to the 28th of
Mafch.-but as they failed to pay. me* on the
ened and fan. screaming from the house:
Despitp* her- weakened" condition the I girl
struggled : fiercely. - Seeing ; that he " could
When Mr. Curnler arrived and learned of
the unhappy; plight of his'family he'had
to' be restrained from attacking Skillman.
In an adjoining room the Sklllrnans held
a council •. of -war. Young Sklllman. is a
husky youth, rough In speech and evi
dently, the head of the household. He was
boastful In - his . attitude and thousht he
had done a wise thins in ousting the Cur
nlers.- He declared they deserved the
treatment accorded them and more of.lt.
He str enuoasly denied that ' he had been
rough to Evanseline.
Skillman's Version.
•'I : did not treat -her . roush," he sal J.
'.'She talked back to ma when I told her
to put on •her. duds and. leave the house
and I Just picked her up and put her out
side. I If she says I threw her again&t the
wall she lies. .
"The Curalers owe us rent. ."We own this
house. There was a mortgage on It when
we leased it from Curnler and we did net
know It until afterward. Do you think wa
. are fools enough " to pay money over to
him and later on have the man. who holds
the mortgage come around and try to col
lect again from us?' "We paid our rent to
Madison & Burke and I can show you the
receipt. : ¦ «.
VNo, our attorney dijj not advise me to
throw the Curnlers out, but ho insinuated
that If certain people wero on his property
he would take such action acainst them.'
"We are ready to flg-ht this matter in the
court and we will be ready, to prove that
Curnieritold neighbors that he was 'going
to do us up.* "
The present status of the case is this:
The Curnlers hold ono part of the house
and the Skillmans the other! A civil suit
Is now pending and the forcible ejectment
of -lEvangellne will bring the majesty of
the law down on the head of Fred Skill
man, amateur evictor.
- welcome visit. I am going to take It to
court and show It. to the Judge.- I belie va
one of the Skillmans was % armed with it
and intended usins It oa one of my chil
dren. As soon as Evansellne Is abl* to
leave i her" bed I will take her to the- Polica
¦ i Court and have her swear out a warrant
'.for Skillman' s arrest. He deserves to be
punished."
£- NEWpURG/, N. > T.V April- 2.— Dr. Robert
K. Kingston" 1 had a"> -terrible -encounter;
lasting more than an hour, at his home in
this ;city^ to-day with rBrurio, his St. Ber
nard dogv-weighing-."more than" 200 pounds.
He ' overcame ¦ the , brute, choking* him to
death/ but at no; light cost. I Dr.- Kingston
had raised the dog from a puppy. ; ;He was"
out '.last' night :on : a' case^and ithis * morris
irigi was* 'restirig? arid"; hisVf children iVwer^
playing- with .the ;dog. ; Suddenly.' the^an-'
inial v was ; seized .'",with % convulsions, -.' and,'
running out of . the "dining-room,', ascended
to the ¦chamber' of "the 'doctor, arid sprang
on the sfeepirig physician^ an<3 1 a' ; fight ; for
life ; folIowed.'*7>Time after time dog
burled " : lts teeth In'; the ¦ fleshy part of the
lower arm,:. which VthV: doctor/ used as a
guard for ' his 'neck aiidjf ace. ¦ Finally." the
Physician Battle3 ; for, an Hour With
Maddened j Brute,'; Finally^ Chok
. ' ; ; ing;it ; to Death". '
FIGHTS FOR HIS? LIFE =>
WITHl HUGE ST. BERNARD
The story; told -by, the little girl .Is as
foilows': '¦ ; She*,; was in the room , alone
with herbrother Hai'old.' Her ; mother, had
gone'on an errand-and her father was at
his', daily! business. V She , had i. been sick
and; was compelled to remain in the room.
About noon" there was t a knock at the
door and she arose from th"e~couch partly
dressed ; arid .. opened it. . She was con
fronted by; Skillman, who roughly 'asked
her, where her mother was. -, She informed
him- that her: parents"-, were ; both' out,
whereupon the courageous^ youth told ; her
she* would have to get out of the ; housol"
Evangeline ; backed - away from , Skillman,
informed . ; him ; that : she ' would not' leave
and ordered him out of. the room. 'Instead
of ; complying .with .her request. Skillman
rushed '", toward ; her and grabbed 1 . , her
around the .waist and- tried to \ force her
out.". Little Harold 'Jumier became frlght-
¦ Evangeline is only. 14 years of; age and
is" of slight' build. The youth who acted
as>jector is' more than 22. : The girl; now,
is lying . in bed nervous and frightened.
On' the- other. harid. Skillman; is : proud of
his > achievement.' _• Lasst nisht he .was .-.sur
rounded by an. admiring; group composed
of his wife,' mother and older brother arid
brazenly, discussed his cruel action. . • •:,
A Cruel Eviction.
remain' there for some time as she Is suf
fering from a slight attack of pneumonia.
When she is able' to i leave her, room she
will; at the . request ? of '.. the ¦ Humane , So
ciety,' swear to a" warrant for the arrest -'
of Sklllman i for. crueltyV to children arid .
battery. ~: • -'£.';".'¦•' • -; ' ¦"¦--¦'.'¦¦ *'¦¦¦- .'¦' .» ;¦ •
The eviction, Is looked upon. by the offl- "
cers of the Humane Society as one of the
cruelest ln v their experience,; and they in
tend to prosecute ¦- Skillman -for , his In
human conduct. '" ; The society cares not
whether the qiiarr<;l between- the Skill- '.;
mans! and the Curniers • is : over rent or
property ownership,, but base, their dis
approval of x Skiilman's ¦ treatment of two ,
¦ fnnocent children' who were left at-home
unprotected. ' • .-,Z ~ '- -
Barrymore Leaves Bellevue.,
NEW >TORK. April . 2.— Maurice Barry
more was taken this, evening from'* Belle''
vue Hospital to the Brunswick? Home,- a
private insane asylum near" Amity vllle, L.
I. He -Tras 'accompanied' by his" son John
and two attendants and made no'objcction
to taking the trip. ' ";.<j : v .'*.
who recently mutinied'' because'- they were
not returned to Sierra Leone at the' time
they understood they. were, to* be sent
home, has been court-martialed: and pub
licly shot. The rest of the mutineers have
been shipped to the island of Sherbro,'
forty miles from Sitrra Leone.
Remainder of '¦: Regiment .Which Re
volted Is Shipped to Eiile on
Island.
CAPE COAST CASTLE, Gold' Coast
Colony, April 2.— Th3 leader of the men
belonging to the West African regiment
LEADER OF. AFRICAN
MUTINEERS IS SHOT
Prince Louis Napoleon has arrived in
Paris on a visit. Le Coiirrier du Solr, the
Ministerial organ, which gives him a
warning to abstain from scheming against
the republic, says:
"This Russian general is little troubled
by his military duties. Judging from the
recent frequency ; of his visits to Paris.
We must be prepared for a resumption
of the secret meetings at the house of his
aunt, Princess ' Mathilde, ' which is . fre
quented by Nationalist agitators. We
hope, for the sake of the tranquillity of
the country t that no . Incident will occur
which would oblige the Government to
.treat the Prince as he deserves namely,
as a pretender." V ' ' . ¦ *»
PARIS, April 2.— It is announced ¦ that
Resumption of Secret Meetings of
National Agitators Now Pre
dicted.
faction of the State. Deoartment.
LOUTS NAPOLEON.
IN PARIS ON A VISIT
this Government commenced urging Tur
key to pay the missionary, claims and the
authorities have come to the conclusion
that more drastic measures ; than hereto
fore pursued must be adopted. What they
will be has not been determined, but. the
New York has not left the Mediterranean
and she . may go to ' Smyrna. In this case
Rear Admiral Rodgers will . go to Con
stantinople and in comuany with Mr.
Leishman. will call uiK>n the Sultan.' Upon
the expiration of his present leave of ab
sence Mr. Griscom will, it : is expected,
"tender his resignation as Secretary of ths
legation in Constantinople. Mr.. Griscom
has acquitted himself to # the entire satis-
the Sublime Porte than did Mr. Griscom
or Mr. Straus.; A year has elapsed since
quibbling over the payment of $90,000 due
American missionaries for damages sus
tained by them some seven years ago.
Minister Leishman, who has presented hla
credentials to the Sultan, has renewed the
demand which Mr. Griscom was so ener
getic In pressing, but he has made no
greater impression upon the pocketbook of
Battleship New York on Mediterra
nean Station May Help Liqui
date Missionary Claims.
WASHINGTON. April 2.— Turkey Is still
WARSHIP MAY LOOSEN "
TURKISH PURSE STRINGS
. LONDON'. April. 3.— The Dally Express
has received : the following from its' corre
spondent at Geneva: :
':'¦ "A terrible riot has occurred- at, Dienne";
In* the valley of •_' Chamounix, owing- Withe
municipal i council selling land on { which:
the i people": had- enjoyed ; grazing; rights.'
.TheJ inhabitants tried to set > lire- to- the"
Town Hall and a fierce conflict ensued be
tween the - rioters and gandarmes. Ten
persons were killed and fifteen injured."
Municipality Sells Common Land and
Ten Are, Killed in Ensuing
; Conflict. . H9
FIERCE . RIOTS ; OVER . LAND y
: RIGHTS IN SWITZERLAND
strikers.
Demonstrations.
;. LONDON,- April' 2.— The disaffection ex
isting among the Lanarkshire miners and
engineers," 30,000 of whomVare .idle owing
to a strike for an eight-hour day, Is' hav
ing an adverse effect .oh the iron and steel
•works in Scotland., 1 Some of the iron mas
ters have taken rrteps to damp down their
furnaces to-night and steel i makers will
stop their mills.; The railroads, enabled by
the ' slackness "of. work, are* sending *en
gineers'and shunters" to yeme of the mines.
Some of the smaller collieries have grant
ed : the | eight-hour day demanded by the
Owing to the Eight-Hour '¦'.
STRIKE AFFECTS, SCOTCH
IRON AND STEEL TRADE
Furnaces Damped end Mills Stopped
Will No Longer Oppose Danish West
"; Indies Sale to the United •:¦
; ; ;- • states." :
LONDON, April 2.— "It is no secret that
King Christian, and still more the Crown
Prince, were from "the beginning opposed
to a sale of trie Danish West Indies,"
says;the Copenhagen correspondent of. the
Dally News. ; "This has greatly contribu
ted to. protract the negotiations." Now 'the
King has suddenly changed his -mind. At
the last state council he declared -that he
would longer oppose the sale to .the
United States, as 'he now understood -it
would be an" Important step in the islands'
future development.'; The matter will now
probably be settled quickly." -
KING CHRISTIAN CHANGES
- HIS MIND ABOUT ISLANDS
Means of Cleverly Forged, '
Documents. ¦*
LONDON, April 3.— Two men were
charged In a London. Police Court yester
day; with defrauding Barclay & Co., Lim
ited, of : some £23,000 by means of forged
documents purporting, to represent large
shipments of •' gold ¦ ore which never "ex
isted.
According to the Daily Chronicle seven
bankers .were similarly, defrauded of large
amounts, the total sum Involved being
nearly $250,000.
An- unpleasant situation ; has been cre
ated ;by.- the huge N and boldly executed
swindle. Efforts have been made to hush
the matter, up, . but , this would be . impossi
ble. .It is asserted that the supposed bags
of bullion were filled with sand..
Seven; ' Bankers Are Defrauded by
LONDON { AGITATED OVER ; % \' :
V:4S : GIGANTIC ORE SWINDLE
Skillman Made Threats.
"I have asked the Sklllmans to quit tha
premises, , but thej" will not leave. Skill
man has threatened to kill me, but I am
not afraid of him. No matter how much
they had against me -the- Sklllmans had
no light to treat my family as they did.
Do you see this scissors? Well, that's
what I found in the room after thflir un-
contract I declined to rive them any mora
money.
"What If I owed them a hundred dol
lars? Had : that brute the right to compel
my little ones to stay cut In the rain?
Why, I could not do that to a dog. I am
scrry that I was not home when he at
tacked my daughter.
"Pluiner has occupied Nynstroom and
French has captured three guns on. the
lower Pongolo. Thirty-one prisoners have
been caotared In the Orange River Col
ony. There were no casualties."
LONDON, April l-L'nder date of Pre
toria. April 1, Lord Kitchener reports to
the "War Offlce as follows:
BLOEMFONTEIN, April 2.— By a night
surprise the British captured a laager of
Elxty Boers i.ear Boschberg. between
Brandfort and Saltpan. Orange River Col
ony.
on a Laager.
British Troops Hake a Night Raid
The Anglo-Australian was expected to
sail to-day, but the effect of the order is
sued by Judge Parlange will be to detain
her until the hearing on Saturday. Gen
eral Pearson has been in the city for sev
eral days arranging to bring the suit.
SIXTY BOERS CAPTURED.
To Prohibit Shipment.
In consideration of these statements an
injunction Is asked to prohibit the ship
ment of military supplies out of this port.
A temporary injunction is asked in the
meantime.
Free State: that defendants are making
use of New Orleans as a basis of the mil*
itary operations of Great Britain In its
war in South Africa and to augment its
military supplies and arms; that by the
use of these munitions the armies of
Great Britain are laying waste and de
stroying the farms and homes of petition
ers and holding as prisoners of war the
wife and children of one of the petition
ers, Samuel Pearson; that Samuel Pear
son has already suffered the destruction
and loss of property to the .value of $90,000
and is threatened with the loss of $150,000
more, and, finally, that the. war can be,
carried on by Great Britain only through
the renewal of its military supplies from
this port, and that when these supplies
cease the war must end.
Australian Is now loading- at this port
with munitions of war, namely, mules and
horses to the number of 1200 and to the
value of $150,000; that the .steamer Is em
ployed In the military service of the Kins
of Great Britain; that for some time de
fendants have been forwarding from this
port such munitions of war, knowing' that
these munitions and the ship were in the
military Qervlce of Great Britaln_andjthat
they wer J to be used against the "people of
the South African republic and the Orange
The petition sets forth that the United
States and Its people are at peace with the
South African republic and the 'Orange
Free State and their citizens; that Great
Britain is at "war with these . republics,
seeking to destroy the property rights and
credits of petitioners; that for the pur
pose of carrying on this war the Anglo-
Destroying Property .Rights.
ship Anglo-Australian, loaded "with mules
consigned to the British in South Africa-
Judge Parlange, after reading the peti
tion. Issued an order requiring the de
fendants In the case to show cause on
April 6 why ' a preliminary injunction
should not be granted. The suit Is brought
by Samuel Pearson, a citizen of the
South African republic, residing at Bar
berton: Edward Van Ness, a citizen of
New York, and Charles D. Pierce, Con
sul General of the Orange Free State,
and Is against Captain Harrison of the
eteamer; Elder, Dempster & Co.. owners
of the eteamer, and Robert and Matthew
Warriner. who represent Elder, Dempster
& Co. here.
JCEW ORLEANS, April 2.— Proceedings
were brought in the United States Court
here to-day by representatives of tht
Boers to prevent the sailing of the steam-
BOERS USE
LAW COURT
AS WEAPON
— • —
Stop the Departure
of Steamer Prom
New Orleans..
Federal Authorities Asked
to Prevent Shipment.
oi War Material.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Venezuela Was
the : subject of ~a " Cabinet "discussion I to
day. : Secretary Hay presented all the
documentary evidence In the case, show-
Ing conclusively that the j claims of the
United States citizens ;. holding asphalt
c6hces6jbps"''were^"lesally - dear^ and tHe
United '_Statesjcp^su]ar 'asentS'had ; been ;fl-»
legally irnprisonXj. . " ... . ; ' ;\
Until Minister Loomls comes j home anff
consults .with Secretary Hay there will be
do" further ' aggreaeive steps. It.wiil re
quire'about ten days for Loomis: to ar-
Await Loomis' Arrival.
President Castro is personally hostile to
Loomis because the latter has protested
strongly against the non-payment of large
sums due Americans after the President
had solemnly promised to pay the Amer
icans before any other foreign claims.
But Loomis discovered that the President
was secretly paying German claims, thus
violating - his . promise 2 and . . evading the
terms of the agreement which called for
the payment of- American claims.
PORT OF SPAIN* Island .of Trinidad,
April 2.— The United States, auxiliary
cruiser Scorpion has been ordered to con
vey Francis B. Loomis, the United States
Minister at Caracas, Venezuela, to San
Juan de Porto Rico, where he will embark
on a steamer for New York. ..The Scor
pion left La Guayfa at 10 o'clock.
An attache of the Foreign Office at Car
acas has divulged the fact that after the
inspired press of Venezuela had for two
months abused the United. States navy,
President McKinley and , Loomis, ' the
Veuezuelan Government formally asked
for the recall of Loomis for no valid rea
son. He had, however, antagonized cer
tain high officials. . But the Government
at Washington had supported Mr. Loomis
and he is going to Washington, not be
cause he Is. recalled, but on. leave of ab
sence, to consult with Secretary Hay.
President Castro Is
JDecldeuly Hostile
to Looms.
Executive oi Venezuela En
raged Because Detected
in Duplicity.
CRUISER GOES
TO TAKE AWAY
THE MINISTER
Other inspectors, . with the exception of
Major McKenna, who has not reported to
Washington, are appointed' by General
MacArthur and . have • consequently no
a iithority from the ; Secretary jvif War . to
•nalie the inspections which, some 'officials
here deem desirable. ¦. ./ '\-; •-' ',¦-".•¦>¦
• General \ Corbin , Jns!s,t3, . however, that
the' officers, have been , faithfully .doing
their 'duty. 7 He;,thinlja, jthe .jeports of
frauds are exaggerated.' : ; •
service.
Since the detail of seven officers' to duty
as ' inspector generals, General ! Breckln-j
ridge , has urged that all be assigned to
the Philippines, where the bulk of ; the
army Is, but his recommendation has been
disregarded. Of the officers on duty now
Lieutenant Colonel Mills is secretary to
the • military governor, . and Lieutenant
Colonel West • and Lieutenant . Colonel
Brown have been heardfrom as on active
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G, STREET, N. ;
W4 "WASHINGTON, . April 2.— Lack . of
proper inspection is responsible in the
opinion of high army officers: for the com
missary scandal in ¦ the Philippines. Al
though the statement issued by Adjutant
General Corbin to-day shows eighteen of
ficers on inspection duty in > the ' islands,
report^ have been received. by the inspec
tor general's department from only three.
Brigadier General Breckinridge, inspector
general, recommended more than a year
ago. that three lieutenant* colonels of hi3
department, Garllngton, ' •' Sanger * and
Vroom, be ordered to Manila. 'Garlingtbn
was sent, and after establishing a system
of inspection was compelled , to leave the
islands for his health, but has just re
turned. Sanger was ordered to proceed to
Manila only a few i weeks ago. Vroom. is
still in New York.' . . , - '
Special Dispatch to The - Call. j
But Three Officers
at Manila Make 4
t -Reportsr ' ;
. ¦"•¦ ¦ ¦ > ¦ ¦ ... *
CorWn Insists the Men Are'
Doing Duty, and Scan-, %
flails Exaggerated.
FRAUDS DUE
TO LACK OF
INSPECTION
VOLUME L.XXXIX— NO. 124.
Will Buy Large Tract of Land Upon
Which to Erect Laborers'
Houses.
LONDON, April 2.-The London County
Council has decided to buy 225 acres of
land on which to build ¦workmen's houses
to accommodate 42,000 persona. The'cort
TWO CHILDREN SHIVER IN THE COLD
RAIN WHILE THEIR EVICTOR FORCIBLY
TAKES POSSESSION OF THEIR HOME
Frederic^
1^ Rescue
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.though from the fact that General Mac-
Arthur allowed him to take the oath of
allegiance It is assumed that the com
manding general does not hold Aguinaldo
to be chargeable with a' violation of the
articles of war. It is believed that G^n
:eral MacArthur will keep the ex-leader
under -his eye and avail himself Of the
good offices of Aguinaldo in loyalizing the
remnant of : the insurgent forces.
' Should the capture . and submission of
.the Filipino chieftain mark the. beginning
of >the end of the insurrection In the Phil
ippines, it is added, /the effect upon the
Amercan naval representation in Asiatic
' waters will be a very considerable reduc
tion of our naval force in -the Far East.
.There are at ' present fifty-seven ' of •" our
rnaval vessels on 'the Asiatic- station — a
greater number than, ever before, has been ;
mobilized there and" including some of the
finest battleships, cruisers : and ironclads
in the American na¥i\._A..KQod many of
them will be now sent home. It, is pos- ,
sible that the - European station, ' with
headquarters in the ¦ Mediterranean, .- will
•be revived and also that the recreation of
the old South Pacific station will, follow.
There has been . a marked shortage of. j
. MONTEREY, April' 2.— Apostle Cannon
of the Mormon church at Salt Lake, who
is; quite ill in this city,- ¦ was reported
slightly, better to-day. : His two sons
and his nephew/who is also hl3 attorney,
have arrived from -Salt Lake.
Apostle Cannon's Condition.
If you baveRheumatlsm.wrlteDr. Shoop.Radne.
Wls.;boxl37.(or «lx bottles of . hlaRheamatlcCure.
express paid. Send no money." Pay $5.60 If cured*
A Month's* Test Free.
:¦/¦ ST. PETERSBURG, April 2.— The Supei
rior i Councilor; of v the Chinese : legation;
Chu We Jte,' is continuing the negdtlations
as Charse d' Affaires regarding* ; the ; Man
churian , agreement."' - The"- ; illness .' of the
Chinese Minister,. Yang ,Yu, is now admit
ted to be ' due "to apoplexy, "which .will in
capacitate him' from .work- probably for; a
long, period. ; It ? la said .' that t the loss of
half of his 'estate through I the destruction
off &\ Chinese' bank;. combined with*politi
cal care3, is ; undermining, his health. . : .
¦:¦¦', Unofficial" observers scarcely understand •
how, a doubt can -possibly be entertained
abroad Uhat China. will ultimately.- accept
the i Russian ' conditions; after it is appar
ent 1 that ¦ no I power is .willing t& forcefully
support China. : For, as it is urged, .while
Russia ' ,f undoubtedly> - prefers '<• to \ carry
through ' her i plans -as -made, -her^diplo-'
matic ; position * would . suffer., as . little s as
her military; position from China's refusal
JBHHHSBtiHBBtBfli9B8BBSHBi
Yang Yu Is Overcome by Worry and
Political : Carss.
CHINESE MINISTER MADE; HX.
OENESAL p TOCSON . GIVES ' XTP.
"It : does not concern , us . what attitude
the Filipinos may take as much as it does
what the United States may do.' -Our bat
tle has ' not been fought for the Filipinos,
but'-" for' the ¦ constitutional liberty. : : of
Anxerica,". ' v . • ¦ ¦?. /.»•¦;* -
¦' Sexto . Lopez was •' Informed this .-* after
noon that. Aguinaldo had taken theoa^h
of allegiance to the United States. Senor
Lopez asked for the particulars. 'Upon be
ing'Informed that only the bareVfactsrhal
been cabled over, he said:' "I think then
must be .conditions attached '. to ' it. -The
announcement* that 'Aguinaldo has .taken
the . oath rl« ;very : importahf.- , .. -You' ' must
give me. time to think " it : . over." ¦-.- ;'; .-.
TEXANS SCORE FTJNSTON.
Resolutions That.; Style i Aguinaldo
the Washington of 'Philippines. :
* 'AUSTIN^ Texas, ;April 2.— The House of
Representatives , to-day ¦'; referred '-to" the
Committee on Federal Relations a resolu
tion . introduced' by Phillips, condemning
General Funston . and - the -'Government
military authorities for • thejreapture of
Aguinaldo ' and characterizing * Aguinald j
as the George Washington of the Philip
pines.- , ;-' ¦*:'"¦--.-.¦"• ",..,-: :-,\-,-._.
• A. sub-resolution pralslnsr GeneralFuns
ton: for. his; bravery > and ,- congratulating
him on the success of his expedition wa^
ruled ; out of order. "^^aa^iagnesMriiwai
. BOSTON, April 2.— Erving Winslow, 6ep
retary '. of the Anti-Imperialist •."¦League,
was informed that '.. Aguinaldo had' take:)
the .'oath 6f ¦allegiance to-day. The secre
tary said he did not see^hqw, that affectcl
the work of. his organization." <\ 1 ;
Not Thrown Out of Work by Aguin-
r y;' ; aldo's Oath. - :
•h ; — — :'•*¦
officers: to 'fill > important assignments .in
this country owing to the drain that came
from . China and the Philippines, so that
the home-coming of so many of the : ves
sels will be welcomed. The OregQn and
New York, both of which have beeh in
service in the Far East for a great while
past, already are setting- sail for . the
United States, t whert- they will be ¦ com
pletely; overhauled and- repaired. Other
big vessels on the station are the Brook
lyn, Admiral Remey's flagship, the battle
ship Kentucky, which, however,' has ar
rived recently on : the station and there
fore" is not likely to be "one of : the vessels
to return, and the protected cruisers New
Orleans : and Albany. ". •,
. — _«• — : — . , ; . ''/
ANTI-IMPERIALISTS' STAND.
!APTURED FILIPINO PRESI- ,
DENT, WHO .HAS TAKEN
OATH- OF ALLEGIANCE.
Pupils Must Be Vaccinated.
SAN JOSE, April 2.— The Board , of Su
pervisors to-day, passed a resolution re
quiring all boards of School Trustees of
the county > to compel pupils to be vacci
nated or present certificates showing that
they have been recently .treated. This is
to be in effect in two weeks. The action
is taken as a precaution to prevent small
pox from entering the county.
trophe'at Senator Clark's United Verde
mine at Jerome on. Saturday." ¦ "While near
ly; a dozen men were at work near where
a shot was placed on the lower level there
was. a premature explosion. In the rush
to get away just before the explosion oc
curred 'James Rooney and Joseph Zlef el
were ' too slow ana were blown to frag
ments.; Several others In. the party were
slightly. injured. .• _ ¦
Death. for Two Miners.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 2.— Particulars
have just been received here of the catas-
of the forty leading. level- premium life
Insurance companies" of the United States
shows that every company has been so
well managed that it is able to return to
policy holders more than tha ¦ entire
amount of premiums received since or
ganization.- This excess ranges from $4262
to more than eighty-seven millions ($87,
098,543), the latter being the sum credited
to the Mutual Life Insurance Company
of . New York. It Is nearly six ' times as
great as that of either the Equitable or
the New York- Life. There could be no
stronger evidence of the business, skill
and perfect mutuality with which the af
fairs of the Mutual Life are conducted.
Mutual Life in the Lead.
, NEW YORK, April 2.— The Boston
Standard's compilation of figures for 1900
was larger, than is usual in a municipal
contes't. There were only two tickets in
the field, Republican and Democratic, the
former headed by Frank P. ,.Frary • for |
Mayor, -while Patterson Sprigg had a like
place on the Democratic ticket. Incom
plete returns to-night make It certain that
the Republicans have . elected Frary and
the rest of their ticket, with the exception
of Vincent for City Treasurer, who is
beaten by R. V. Dodge, and Hage, candl-'
date for the Board of Delegates, who is
defeated by P. Guinan. Frary's majority
probably will be nearly » 500. McKlnley
carried the city last November by 600.
With, but Two Exceptions Their City
Ticket Triumphs by Large '
Majorities.
- SAN DIEGO, April 2.— The city election
passed off quietly to-day, but the vote
SAN DIEGO REPXTKLICANS
WIN"; IN THE ELECTION
It has jbeen suggested that under the
terms of the notice of amnesty Aguinaldo
should be set at liberty at once, but there
is a provision In the amnesty proclama
tion which cays that those who have vio
lated the laws of war are excepted from
its terms.' Whether or : not General Mac-
Arthur has satisfied himself that Aguin
aldo has not violated the law cannot be
stated, as tbe prisoner would be permitted
to take the oath pending an Investigation
of his past conduct. : Aguinaldo, having
been . the head of . the insurrection; un
doubtedly can be held until further inves
tigratlon is made or -until "the circum
stances which, surround- the situation In
the ' Philippines make it advisable to re
lease him outright" or otherwise dispose of
h*n. These conditions and the general
situation .and Aguinaldo's relation to
them' were the subject ; of General Mac-
Arthur's dispatch," and are being consid
ered by the- authorities here, who will
have the final disposition of the matter. .
#The news of Aguinaldo's action was re
cel\'ed ;wlth' : evident- satisfaction by the
"War Department,- and the opinion was ex
pressed that " good results would . follow
among those who are still holding out
against the United States. •
» The taking of the oath In itself ¦ Is : re
garded as giving Aguinaldo ' a status ' of
loyalty to the United States quite different
from ¦ those still in ; arms. The depart
ment's Instruction for the government of
armies in the field recites as follows:
Thn ; commander will ¦ throw ' the . burden of
war, as much as lies within bis power, on
the disloyal citizens of the revolted portion
or province, and if 'he deems " it appropriate,
or if his government' demands of him that ev
ery citizen shall, by an oath of allegiance de
clare hjs fidelity to the legitimate government,
he may expel, transfer,' imprison or fine the
revolting . citizens who ; refuse to take the
oath, etc' >~-2K$aQQ<«BgpnC|HQp ¦' .
. "Whether It Is expedient to do so, and wheth
er reliance I can be placed upon euch. oath, the
commander or his government ; has •¦ the . right
to decide. ;»¦ , ;. ;V
- in the present case General MacArthur"
has considered it expedient to have Agui
naldo ¦ take . this oath and apparently . has
held that reliance can be placed upon -the
oath. .The army regulations . make no dis
'tlnct provision that tho taking of the oath
shall give complete liberty^ to. a-person,
although the- provision quoted' shows that
those manifesting loyalty by subscribing'
to an oath of allegiance are to be spared
from the hardships of war. and that i only
those remaining disloyal . ire .to be visited
with; the harsh treatment 'of- war. " '
Did Not yibla^Arttcles."
The War Department" 'authorities . say
that -off enses against ' the articles of war
excepted' in -the proclamation; of amnesty
refer, tof murders and like, depredations.'
Only recently five Filipino' offlcers were
executed ' for . such "offenses. ; . It'' is "not
known here whether 'Aguinaldo ; was re
sponsible in any case for : such ' offenses, (
a great deal may be accomplished through
Aguinaldo. During the time he has. been
a prisoner he has made quite a favorable
impression upon General MacArthur.
"Aguinaldo's taking the oath of alle
giance," said one member of the Cabinet
to-day, "emphasizes the importance of his
capture. It makes more clear that the
insurrection has about reached" its end
and foreshadows the early complete gen
eral acceptance of United States sover
eignty and authority. Only a compara
tively small number of Filipinos are still
in arms, and the effect of Aguinaldo's ac
tion on them is obvious. From now on we
will press organizing the best government
we can suited to the needs of the Philip
pines. Aguinaldo's submission will have
a considerable bearing in his favor in the
determination of the matter of what to do
with him, which will not be decided for
some time."
. Aguinaldo Still Closely. Held.
to Sign Manchurian Treaty. ~
'WASHINGTON, "April- 2,-China has
again addressed an urgent appeal to the
powers to - support her ' in her- refusal to
sign: the ¦ Manchurian'. convention. : Wu
Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister in Wash
ington, has Informed -, the State Depart
ment that Russia has not desisted in her
effort to force China' to comply -.with her
demands . for. the signature of . the "treaty.
He has received from the court at Sinanfu
several decrees directing hhri to request
the United: States to- use: its good offices
to induce Russia to witftdraw the treaty.
,These decrees are supplemented - by. ap
peals from southern Viceroys/ who have
not hesitated to point out to the court, as
well as to the : powers, what they- believe
would be the bad effect- of the . signature
of the treaty. Wu conferred yesterday
and again to-day, with Secretary Hay re
garding, the attitude 6f this ' Government,
but. it is not 'believed from' what can -be
learned that .Wu has received any encour
agement. •' It has been 'suggested tfaat the
United States; while v it < is unwilling to
make protest to Russia;. might go as far
as" to address a circular note -to the pow
ers calling. their attention. to the declara-'
tions. all have mede to- preserve the Integ
rity of China^and notifying them thatthe
United. States will disregard any conven
tion secretly . negotiated which Injuriously
affects American ¦ rights. Up'.to this time
the Government has not adopted the sug
gestions.- -.' ' ¦"¦; * .'¦ ¦'-¦¦-: ¦-• . - •„
.7 There continues to : be a general indispo
sition to actively support- 1 ' the Chinese
Government, and .the ¦ impression prevails
here, that the treaty ¦ willi be - ultimately
signed, notwithstanding- tho Chinese Em
peror and Viceroys are opposed to it. The
United States Is unwilling, to act except
in . the way of. exercising its < moral influ
ence. Germany has repeatedly asserted
that Manchuria is outside the scope of the
Anglo-American agreement, ' and ? South
Africa still • engages *. Great ¦> Britain's - at
tention. ' ¦ Japan i3 . the only nation that
will probably • protest.' • ahd ¦ if the conven
tion . is • signed .it would : not ¦ surprise well
informed diplomats in Washington should
she , make vigorous representations to the
Russian Government, which may result In
a rupture. - •' '• - v
Asks Powers to • Support in Refusal
CHINA AGAIN; APPEALS.
uneasiness by the employment of her An
namese forces and by *i naval demonstra
tion ¦ off. Formosa. This, he predicte.1.
would be the limit of French action and
therefore,; Japan's vastly superior army
would be enabled without great difficulty
to drive -Russia out of Manchuria." :
Renew Their, Protest Against Sign
ing Manchurian Treaty. •
.PARIS, April 3.— It Is asserted here on
responsible authority that . the Yangtze
Viceroys, who since last summer have
been under financial obligations to Eng
land, have energetically renewed their
protest against the . signing of the Man
churian convention, . and that Japan and
England are both going to great lengths
In their efforts to secure its rejection.
YANGTZE VICEROYS ACT.
to occeyt what Russia regards as mod
erate conditions of withdrawal.
II . mrNQ .CHANG RETTTRNIITG.
Cm. '. the Way .to Shanghai, Where
tJ-VV ' : ; Steamers \A wa>£ Him.
rn\3:fsiNf:'April.,2.— Jii Hung Chang,
¦ his bodyguard, Is returning to
Shanghai, fte is Indisposed^' Steamers
are 'detained at his disposal and he is ex
pected to arrive here Thursday.
A company of Germans defeated 1000
Chinese robbers March 31, seven miles
north of Tientsin, killing eleven and
wounding fifty. If Is. reported that a
dozen foreigners were co-operating with
the robbers. The Germans captured thir
ty carts and a gun.
TANG TU, THE CHINESE MINIS
TER TO RUSSIA. WHO IS RE
PORTED VERY ILL.
¦ (¦ ¦ . ¦ . • ¦ -:--,
LONDON, April 3.—- "Russia'sr reply
to Japan's protest against 5 the
Manchurian convention," says
.the' Yokohama correspondent of
the Daily; Mail, "is reesrded as
unsatisfactory ¦ and further vigorous rep
resentations will follow.. ¦ /-.;,.. : • :
"Prince Konoyo Atsumaro, president; of
the House* of Peers; in the course of an in
flammatory, speech, openly, discussed the
probable results of . a war . between. Japaa
and Russia -and- said -that;: Japan could
count upon" the friendly- neutrality -,- or
Great Britain' and ; Germany. He declared
that the United States would, not inter
fere and: that ¦ France would only , cause
public. The portion withheld related to
the future disposition of Aguinaldo, and
made suggestions as to what the ¦ late
chief of the insurrection might 'accom
plish. No official' statement could be ob
tained as to what finally wquld be done
with' the prisoner, but it was emphatically-"
stated that he would be held for the.p.resfj
ent but would 'b"e 'granted all possible Im
munity consistent with existing condi
tions.- General llacArthurhas hopes that
High License for Saloons.
SUISUN", April 2.— The Board of Town
Trustees to-night by unanimous vote
passed an ordinance raisins: the licenses
of saloons within the corporate limits to
$75 a month.. The ordinance will take ef
fect on the first of next month. There are
now twelve retail liquor dealers in tho
town and they pay a license of $5 a month.
It is believed the high license will result
In the closing of all but three or four of
the saloons. M. J. Reams, proprietor of
the Magnolia, closed hia doors to-night as
soon as he heard the Trustees had passed
the ordinance.
Great Tenor May Never Ap
pear on the Operatic
Stage Again.
Said to Have Been Stricken With tlia
\ Same Form of Bronchitis With
Which He Was Afflicted
Last Year, jjjjj*
Sp«dal Dispatch to "Tie CsOU
BOSTON, April 2.— Jean de Reszka*»
voice • naa failed him again. In. conse
quence th» new French opera "L* Cld"
•was not given here to-night by the Grau
C-pera- Company. The management sim
ply announced the change of operas, and
said the great tenor was Indisposed.
As near as can be learned to-night De
Reszke has been . stricken with the sama
form of bronchitis with which he was
afflicted last year and which kept him
voiceless for many months. His, physi
cians believe he vrill be unable ever to
appear upon the operatic stage again.
The last recovery of De Keszke was a
matter of weary months, and after a long
rest when he did attempt to sing in public
he was a failure. It is only since he came
to America that hia voice. has regained
Its former brilliancy. '
Now the doctors say the •train he has
subjected it to has proved too great, and
he must pay a severe penalty. His age,
too. is against him, and it la impossible
for . him to recuperate as he did pre
viously.
"Jean de Reszke's voice is only a mem
ory" hereafter," is the mournful prophecy
of music lovers here to-night.
JEAN DE RESZKE
LOSES HIS VOICE
SAYS JAPAN COULD
DRIVE OUT RUSSIA
JPrinGeAtsurnaro, President of the House
of Peers, Discusses the Probable
Results of War Over Manchuria
well, superintendent of tbe Jullani Consoli
dated". Mining and '. Milling;; Company, at
Julian, San Diego County; and one of the
most "prominent ; mining engineers in
Southern California, was probably fatally
Injured at the company's i mines last Sat
urday. /The news of the accident reachoJ
hereto-day.>'. . ,
Boswell was superintending the;instaK
lation of a ten-stamp mill when a cable
which supported 1 some : cf the machinery
broke. A. piece of Iron, striking him on
the head, crushed his skull and paralyzed
his body from head to foot. ; . . ¦
According to the latest information Bos
well's condition was extcemely precarious,
and no hope'was held out for his recovery.
Mining Engineer. W. W. Boswell Is
: . Maimed by the 'Breaking of '•
- ' . a Cable.
.LOS ANGELES; Adi il 2.— W. W. Bos-.
. ~ Fired, at Him.
SACRAMENTO, April 2. — Deputy
Sheriff- Gallagher of Los Angeles escorted
to Folsbm' Prison this" evening Ed O'Don
nell,". sentenced by , Judge Smith' to - two
years' imprisonment for. grand larceny.
*At Lathrop this morning Deputy Sheriff
Gallagher alighted with his prisoner for
breakfast at the station. While seated at
the table the deputy sheriff dozed, having
had no sleep during the night, : and •; the
Erieoner took advantage of , the situation
y making his escape. A soldier seated
at the same table was appealed to as to
the direction the prisoner had taken, but
it ' is claimed 1 .: he gave. Gallagher. -"the
wrong steer." O'Donnell was recaptured
with difficulty and only after . two shots
had been lired at him. . -' V •*'¦; .
- i ¦¦ . • ¦ . •¦"».'
FATALLY INJURED IN . /; ;-f.
A MINE AT JULIAN
Ed O'Donnell Recaptured by Officer
Gallagher After Two Shots are ,
CALL BUREAU, 1406 :G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 2.— General in
credulity, and- specific" official denials to
day, greeted, the published that J.
Pierpont Morgan, having discovered a rich
gold mine on the ' route m "of , the proposed
Panama canal, would head a syndicate to
build "the canal' and that he had got Presi
dent McKinley's. co-operation and the aid
of the-United States of Colombia. ..
Denials of' the report came from the
¦White House,' 1 he State Department, the
Colombian legation and the : French em
bassy. •¦; Most of-those who denied the re
port, aiso 'said that it/had. been started
to make difficult the : negotiation of ' the
canal treaties by the United States with
Great Britain, Colombia, Costa Rica and
Nicaragua^ > Minister Silva, who ., is also
Colombian Minister of Foreign Affairs, de
nied' emphatically that he had 'been In
communication " either with v J. CPierpont
Morgan or. any other American capitalist
regarding- the rale of the Panama canal
concession. '. : , ' -
•He suggested that the reports had been
circulated by railroad interests for the
purpose of hindering the negotiations he
has commenced with- , the Secretary of
State for a' treaty under which the United
States can. complete the canal.
"Those interests are opposed to any
canal," he continued. "I ¦ do not believe,
however, that any efforts to prevent the
construction- of a Panama canal will be
successful." . ' . . ;
The big news development In the canal
situation is. that' Mr. -Silva in his memo
randum to Secretary Hay has formally
agreed on - behalf of his Government to
grant the United States a long lease of
the territory through which the canal
will pass.vbut'he stated emphatically that
his Government would not be willing to
cede sovereignty.
MESSAGE* JPBOM ONE .'
REGAilDED AS DEAD
Grass .Valley Resident Hears From
His Brother After Fifteen
/ /Years. ¦ .
GRASS VALLET, April 2.— William Ed
wards, whp lives on Church street in this
city,' has received a message stating that
a brother he had mourned as dead
for fifteen years is alive and well and is
living at Addison, B.' C. .
' ;The Edwards family resided in Michi
gan. : Frank Edwards, while yet a ' boy,
departed for the Dakotas," and thence
to British Columbia. He was next
heard of In Mexico,' and soon word came
to his family that he had been killed in
the May Queen, mine.*; It was the fore
man of the mine who sent this word to
the family.
- Quite recently . the I eccentricity of the
wanderer took another turn and he wrote
to -the postmaster of his native village
asking. casually what kind of a place It
was, and incidentally if Mr. and Mrs. Ed
wards, his parents, were still alive. Both
parents had ; died v<uily a short time be T
fore, but three brothaxs remained on the
old homestead. The 'postmaster turned
the letter ' over to theto; and, besides
answering it; the brother In Grass Valley
.was notified. . : ¦¦ ¦'•.- j ' : : .' ""' .-.
There is no doubt of the identity of the
long-lost brother, as he -has written full
and convincing particulars. ': A reunion in
the : British Columbia - home •' between i the
California brother ,and ; the one mourned
as dead will soon take places.
CONVICT ESCAPESfFKOM
LOS ANGELES >' DEPUTr"?
Tale of Morgan- s Panama
; Sci?eme Emanated From '
This Source.
- — , • . . ...,:';
State Department ' OfElcially Denies
Having Negotiated Canal Mat
ters With the Capitalist,
. as Does Minister.
¦ *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GOLD MINE STORY
RAILROAD RUMOR
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALI^W
AGUINALDO TAKES THE OATH
OF ALLEGIANCE TO UNCLE SAM
fhis Action on the' Part "of "the Captured Chief Is Be
lieved to Foreshadow ;the. Complete ..Acceptance
by Filipinos of American Sovereignty ahd Authprity
2 MANILA, April 2.— General • Pablo Toc-
Bon, .with two offlcers',' surrendered yester
day, to Lieutenant ; Hawkins .of the~ Fourth"
Cavalry.- Many insurgents , are . surrender- '
Jng, . especially in {the i northern i part; of
Luzon.. It ; is -expected that; Sandlco and
Alejandrino will soon come In: :¦: r : : .,
J. Pitt; accused of improperly purchas
ing; .Government stores,". has been released
on nominal bond: Captain Barrows, ac
cused of being i mixed ',up : In » the ; commis
sary troubles, Is under military arrest.'
2
-^ -^w- -r^ASHIXGTON. April 2.— The
Vy \A ¥ War Department received ln
\u\Lf formation to-day from General
V V MacArthur. that' Aguinaldo
has taken the oath of alle
giance to the United States under the
terms of amnesty offered by General Mac-
Arthur by direction of the President/.The
dispatch conveying this information con
tained much more than was given to the
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
To Prevent Pneumonia and Grip.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine removes. the cause. •
V Professor ."Wiechold gives pretty good
adviceon this subject. -¦ He- says., VI. am
68 years old and-have never. had a serious
illness, and at the game time my -life has
been largely -an : indoor ? one, but I . early
discovered that the way ¦ to keep i healthy
was ,' to : keep: a 'healthy 'Stomach/ not- by
eating,'bran ; crackers' or. 1 dieting.' of any
sort ; : on . the . contrary I always eat 'what
myappetite craves, ibut for. the past eight
years I ; have made it '¦ a daily . practice; to
take -one. or,- two. of Stuart's -Dyspepsia
Tablets after ¦ each * meal, ¦ and ; I ¦ attribute
my robust ' health for : a man '" of my age
to the regular daily use of Stuart's Tab-
lets/ : '¦,*•-¦«¦• • _-'.' : ¦ .. ¦•:¦¦ * ; .¦ • - ¦ / ' .v
• "My physician -. first . advised ¦ me . to . use
them because he said .they ; were perff»ctly.
harmless' and were not .a secret patent
medicine, but contained only. : the, natural
digestives, . peptones ; and ¦ diastase, ; and
after using - them i a'» few ' weeks ' ; I . : have
never : ceased . to ¦ thank him for his advice.'
•'"I honestly "i believe the habit-of ¦ taking
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after meals; is
the'real,.health 7 habit,' because their* use
brings ¦ health to the ¦ sick s and i ailing and
preserves i health to : the . well : and strong-. *.'.
Men and women past fifty: years of age
need a safe digestive after meals to insure
a ; perfect ¦ digestion : and • to ; ward ] off dis-
ease.'and.the safest,: best known and most
¦ widely -used is Stuart's -Dyspepsia" "Tab-
lets/ - ¦;¦ - : .- ;-'-¦-¦ •%•;-..'>-" ¦ V- -':.*.' . '
" They, are found: in every, well 'regulated
household from , Maine i to i California, : and
in Great Britain and Australia are rapidly
pushing . their • way : into popular favor.; ¦¦--¦•'
*--All ; : druggists , sell : .t. Stuart's - Dyspepsia
.Tablets, full sized \ packages at '50. cents,
and for a weak stomach a 50-cent package
will often ' do fifty dollars worth of good.
. To Keep Well.
It is easy to keep well if we would ¦ only
observe each day a few simple. rules of
health. c : ¦ ' * ;
g The all important thing is to keep •¦ the
stomach right, -and to ; do this • it ; is not
necessary to diet or to follow a set 'rule
or , bill .of , fare. Such . pampering: i simply
makes a capricious appetite anda'feeling
that certain favorite articles of rood must
be avoided. ' . nJBgi^Wj»y<<ffi|WHtf*inByH'3|f"
AmVeASY JWAY •
AT>VTTR.TTRTrTVi K[yrS.
There
Are 2400
Disorders incident to the human frame,
of which a majority are caused or pro-
moted by impure blood.
The remedy is simple.
Take Hood's Sarsaparilla.
That this medicine radically and effec-
tively purifies the blood is known to
every druggist, known to hundreds of
thousands of people who, themselves or
by their friends have experienced its
curative powers.
The worst cases of scrofula, the most
agonizing sufferings from salt rheuin
and other virulent blood diseases, arc
conquered* by it, while those cured of
boils, .pimples, dyspeptic and bilious
symptoms and that tired feeling are
numbered by millions.
Hood's Sarsaptkn/fa
Will do you good. Begin to take it to-
day.
ONE Piinrf
T^SS^k BOTTLE LUntS
4 MCBURNEY'S I
/^ i^W Kldn^v* nd Bladder
!/.^T AjW IV1UI1S J r CURK
VTj zjfws- A thortragn coze lor
M p pains In the back,
VJ A. BHICHTS DISEASE.
l^^V ** rj? female troubles, lncon-
tluenca of urine, brick dnst deposits, 'bed-
wetting ot children, gravel, gall atonee,
diojay, diabetes, and rheumatism.
—FOPw SALE AT {
No Percentage Drug Co.. 949-951 Market
St.; Dahlbender Drujf 'Co., 214 Kearny st.
Send 25c In 2c stamps to "W. F. McBurney,
418 S. Spring st, Los Angeles, Cal.. for 3
days" treatment. Prepaid fl SO. Druggists.
®V1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been In. use over fifty
years by the leaders of ths
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively core tho
worst cases in old- and young
arising from effects • of s«U-
abuae. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insoir-
nla. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. «¦» .Verlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops N«f? U rrouu Twitching
of Eyelids. EffecttiCjJr^ are Immediate.
Impart vigor an<J cewTS potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restore small. undeveloDed organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: SOa a
box- 6 for *2 BO by mall. A written guarantee)
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDT CO
40 Ellis st., San Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRCO CO.. 38 and 40 Third at. ,
¦W«»<»V^^^ < «*' < «fc"^^"^'^«
Avierr OR. JORDAN'S muri
iMUSEUH OF ANATOMY#
§ ¦ O uaxAaziTBV.M.eft*7sh,&T.aiL J
\ . Cf TbaLsmstAaatomScalMasnaifaitbe \
A *s3bm*. V/Ofld. yftttrnnm at aav eontrtct«d g
W 5SR?> diMaaapwslUvolyaigrarfbytbsotdeuY
© fSyl Speo«ll»tei»th».-Oj«»t. Hit j6 you*- V
4 fl§S: fi Cft - JCaDA-H-PHNATE DISEASES *
\ ??tS5?l twnnlrttJcn tn<f «nd rttKrUr pri-rmt* \
A I &EH Tnitmmt personally ot by l«tt«r. A 3
\ I V mB iiw.ttei Csrilnweryttjaandertaktn. \
irJI 11 ft Wnta for Book. PHlLOSUPaVari
m) fl IL' *•'"•&'• book foe mea) r.- -"- » X
9 DB. iuBDAX * CO.. 1061 MarSat St. , S. 9. f
Cr5fc^fc^ft>'<»V^^^^%^a^sV^^>
DR. MEYERS & CO, jliP%
8pcclall3t3, Di3- iS&fc f
ease and "Weakness <&&[
of men. Estab- SSf '££&5&$\
lished 1SSL Consul- W&* • fS^'x^r'
tation and private Vf»'l /-Al
book free, at offlco nSwM jMQli
or by mail. Cures wM>A*5&&*
guaranteed. 731 MS(Jl^S;W 1 *»
Market street (ele- 1/^**e8£SJm3
v a t o r entrance;, iPsSBKlS^
Ean Francisco.
U/. T. HESS,
K0TABT PCBLIO 1KD ATT0E5IT-1T-L1W.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Clans Spreckels Bldz.
Telephone Brown S3U ;
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powea.
San Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND .WASHINGTON BT&— HE.
modeled and renovated.' KING. WAKD*
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to tt 50 dav^
55 to M week; $3 to 120 month. Free baths- hoc
and cold water every room; flra grates in every
room; : elevator tuns all night. . %
MAPKFT ST. &F>SB5Sr
PITT nnfllf Corner Fourth and
LArr n I A
Unl L 11 U I ML Steam and Lager.
""**¦•»*" Jc Overcoats and
Tallies checked in*
Good
Shoes
Cut to
Alrripst
Nothiiig;
We want to sell the balance of the
.Pahl stock * right "away, andhave
marked the prices almost to nothing
in order to do it; You will have to
buy right. away if you want to take
advantage of this saltf. ¦',- , Buy now
and save $2, §3 or $4 on your; shoes.
Here are but a few of the values:
MEN'S.
The famoui'"W. L. Dougrlas Shoes, worth'
H. $V and 55, will to at- $2.00. ;?„,;, ;; r<
Pahl'e own custom make, worth IS. tlO
and J12. will to at $3.OO. ' '
Other makes of ' shoes 'a- little 'out of
style, worth J3 and J4, will go at OOo.
Boys' W. L. Douglas shoes, only "5c.
LADIES'^BSB
Odd elzes of Shoe* that are a little out
of style, but rood and comfortable, .5c.
Pahl' s own make of' Shoes that were
made to order and uncalled for, worth $6
and J7. made of nice soft, fine leather,
only 91.SO.
Some Shoes In this "season's late styles.
worth |5, will go at ?2.00. '
- " Bome new Shoes— ordered before" lir. Pahl
decided to seU out. . Ladles' late style,
high-cut shoes, made of Viet ' Kid, • rood
; for wear . with short skirts, worth ii 59,
now cut to 91.05.. . , , ; .
Kisses' Shoes In good leathers, ¦worth S2.
will co at 5Oc. -*¦-, •
J. & L. Leisser,
¦ Successors to Richard Pahl,' ' :
324 Kearny St f ;Near 'BusH.Only Serious Trouble Is at Overland
Park. Wliere Two Men Are Shot.
DENVER, Colo., April 2.— The city elec
tion to-day has gone heavily Republican,
the only part which is at all in doubt be
ins: the Mayoralty and some of the mem
bers of the Council. - Henry V. Johnson,
present Mayor, ran independently on a tic-
HICAGO. April 2.-Carter H. Har
/f. rison has been re-elected Mayt.r
Wof Chicago for the second time
and will next week commence his
third term as the chief executive
of the city. His total plurality over Judge
Elbridge Kanecy (R.) is 28,257 votes. Tha
total vote of the city is: Harrison, 156,932;
Hanecy, 128,695.
In the last Mayoralty election the vote
•was: Harrison (D.), 14S.49C; Carter (R.),
107.437; Harrison's plurality. 41,053.
In the Presidential campaign last fall
the city vote for President -was: McKin
ley, 154,786; Bryan. 177.165; McKlnleys
plurality, 7621.
•Of the thirty-five wards of the city,
Harrison to-day carried twenty-six and
Hanecy nine. The vote was badly split,
some of the strongest Republican pre
cincts of the city giving only a small
plurality for the ticket and some going to
Harrison, who suffered in some of tho
Democratic strongholds. The city ward3
were redlstricted after the Presidential
election and the majorities In some of th-;
wards were turned squarely around from
what they have always been.
Some Redistricted Out.
The redistrictins will make some differ
ence In the complexion of the next Mu
nicipal Council, as several of the Alder
men, who in ordinary circumstances would
have held over, were redistricted out of
their wards. There were two holdovers
in the Second and two in the Twenty-first
wards and no holdovers in the Seventh
and the Thirty-first. Where there were
two holdovers the new Council ¦will de
cide which men are entitled to the seat,
and where there were none, and two men
were elected at the present election, the
courts will be called upon to decide tho
question of the legality of an aldermanic
election in which two men were elected
at one time instead of one, as provided
by the statutes governing the case. : For
these reasons It is impossible at this time
to predict the exact formation of the new
Council, but the indications are at pres
ent that the Republicans will have a
working majority. The present body con
sists of thirty-nine Republicans, twenty
seven Democrats and four Independents.
Of the holdovers sixteen were Repub
licans, fifteen Democrats and three Inde
pendents. *;",*-•¦
Issues in the Campaign.
The chief issue in tne campaign has been
the granting of franchises to the street
car companies of the city. These will all
expire soon by limitation and the terms
of extension are to be settled during the
next two years. Harrison has in former
years made a record against the granting
of long franchises, and he and all of his
followers claimed throughout the cam
paign that the Republican nominee was
inclined to grant lonff time privileges.
This the Republicans denied with great
energy, making their campaign on the
flaws "they picked in the recorti of Mayor
.Harrison, and sayinar that Hanecy was
no more disposed to favor the street car
coir, panics than is Harrison.
Haueoy was the nominee ot the Repub
lican machine, which is dominated by ex
< "ongressman William Lorimer, and this
fact cost him many votes in his party,
u there are many of tne rank and file
of the party who are stoutly opposed to
i heir party machine and all of its works.
The Democratic following of ex-Governor
Altscld was azainst Harrison.
»
COLORADO GOES REPUBLICAN.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. April 2.—
Colorado Springs elected the entire Re
publican ticket to-day by from 1500 to, 1800
J. T. Diber was instantly killed and A.
T. Rice fatally wounded by Max Rogers
in a light at Overland Park, said to have
originated In a dispute over politics.
Rogers used a Winchester rifle. The men
¦were all horsemen connected with the
Overland Park track.
Notwithstanding sensational rumors
during: the day there were no serious dis
turbances. Early in the afternoon Mayor
Johnson issued a proclamation declaring
thau frauds were being perpetrated at the
polls and calling: for volunteers to serve
as special policemen. Hunoreds respond
ed to the call and General Irvinrr Hale
was placed in command of them. There
were few arrests, however.
ket which with three or four exceptions
was Identical with, that of the Republi
cans, headed by Robert R. "Wright. The
combined vote of the two is conceded by
leading Democrats to exceed that for the
Democratic ticket headed by Judge E. T.
Wells by from 4000 to 5000. Johnson's vote
Is not far from 4000, ¦which leaves the vote
for Mayor In doubt. The Republicans will
probably have a majority in the Coun
cil.
SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES
FOR' MAYOR AT CHICAGO
I AND ST. LOUIS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
- ARRIVED. •
- .v< Tuesday, ; April : 2.'
. Echr C S Holmes, Thompson, . 5H - days . from
Port Blakeley. . r^-Jsssm^SBSmKiam
Craft IXestined '- for German Expedi
tion Is Christened Gauss in . \
Scientist's Honor.
' KJEIi,' April 2.f-The ship' built ; for. th«
us^ 1 of ; the German Antarctic expedition
was launched to-day in thp presence ; of
Count von Posadowski-Wehtaer, • Secretary
of the Interior, and other officials. : Profes
sor von Rich thof en." brother of the Secre
tary of State for Foreign ; Affairs, in ¦ be
half of Emperor Wliliam christened the
vesser^VGauss'.^.. in "honor- of tae famous
German mathematician' and scientist of
that name. , :
Heir to a Half-Million.
WALIA'.WALtA, Wash., i April; 2.—
News has been received 7 in > this city that
Mrs.: Frank Goodwin of -"Wallula has fall
en heir : to $500,000 as 'her share < of the
Bauer ; estate ; in ! New, York , City. >
vessel for a1ttarctic :'.
1 Explorers latjnched
';, '. ; - .Court.;-':.' \ iv.-iXf
FRANKFORT, Ky., April 2.— The case
of Garnet P. Rlpley, the Henry County
captain of the " Taylor militia company,
uiider Indictment for complicity, in : the
Goebel murder conspiracy, was called]to
day. The list ot •witnesses called by j the
Commonwealth | indicates' that very much
the same evidence as that brought out In
the trial of ex-Secretary of State Caleb
Powers last summer is to be , Introduced
in this trial, with new features relative
to Rlpley. So : many witnesses ; on both
sides failed to appear that the attorneys
consulted and agreed to postpone , the
case and call it for trial next Tuesday.
Among the witnesses for the prosecution
who were absent were ex-Governor Brad
ley ex-Chief Justice Hazelri&gr, * ex-Ad
jutant General Collier and others. Rip
ley is represented by- J. T. O'Neal and
W. M. Cravens and . the State by State's
Attorney Franklin, County ¦ Attorney
Pohlsgrove "¦ and Judge B. G. / 'Williams.'
T. C. Campbell, who was associated with
the prosecution in the Howard and.Pow
ers cases,, was not present, and It is un
derstood:will not be in the. Rlpley case.
Militia Captain Accused of Complicity
' . . in GoebeFs Assassination in
TRIAL OF BIPLEY . TOR .
. COtfSPIRACTT IS BEGUN
•Call at The Call office and*
examine Cram's Atlasvof the
.World, 1901 edition. JBjr sub
scribing for The Daily Call for
six months you can secure a ..
• copy of this excellent work ' of ;
reference for $1.50, or about
one-fifth* the actual subscrip
tion price. The premium is
only offered to reade'rs of The *
Call. It will be to your inter- "
est to subscribe for The Call at
once. . - ¦ '-',
The second Mrs. Durphy further : says
that in April. 1900, her. husband Induce J
her to visit Illinois and that during her ab
sence from Oregon he started two divorce
suits in two different* counties In Oregon
against his two wives . and that he » ob
tained service of the ; summons by publi
cation in newspapers. He . obtained tha
divorces two months later and went to
live at Eureka, Cal.. with another woman,
whom, the second Mrs. Durphy says, I he
Introduced as his wife. ' ;
DO YOU
WANT TO IMPROVE YOUR
LIBRARY?
Bradley F. Durphy, who was being hur
ried to Portland to stand trial on a charge
of bigamy, was intercepted at Dunsmuir
and brought back to this city on a writ
of habeas corpus issued by Judge Dunne!
The. writ was Issued at the request ot
Judge S. M. Buck. Deputy Sheriffs F S
Matthews and G. McMillan, the officers
who. attempted to rush Durphy beyonO
the jurisdiction of the California courts,
were brought back with their prisoner
: PORTLAND, April 1.— Bradley Francis
Durphy, a real estate and mining opera
tor, who was arrested at Eureka, Cal., by
Deputy Sheriffs Matthews and McMillan
is charged with polygamy. ~-He was ar
rested on the complaint of his second wife '
Mrs. Margaret Ryan Durphy, formerly of
Chicago, who says that he married her In
July, 1887, when he knew that his first
wife, Mrs. Sadie S. Bosworth Durphy was
living at Kingston. Mass. ¦? '-"
the Arrest of Bradley Francis
Text of the Information That Led to
In Kansas City, Kan., the largest city
In the State, the Democrats achieved a
sweeping victory for the first time in the
city's history, electing the Mayor and
nearly all the other officers by 900 plu
rality. In Topeka, where the Republican
ticket was supported by the law enforce
ment people, the Democrats • claim to
have elected Arthur Parker Mayor, the
remainder of the officers being Repub
lican.
J. W. Orr (D.)' was elected Mayor 'of
Atchlson by 500 majority. -
At Leavenworth the entire Democratic
ticket was elected by a majority of 600.
At Wichita, where Mrs. Nation began
her crusade, the temperance ticket -was
overwhelmingly defeated by the Repub
licans. " • . ;*ai
ACCUSED OF POLYGAMY
BY A DIVORCED WIPE
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April
pal elections were held in all the larger
cities of Kansas to-day. ; Party lines were
not drawn generally, and in numerous
cities the issue was enforcement of the
prohibitory liquor law, Mrs. Nation's
crusade having aroused the temperance
people to political action. In the most
important cities the results of the elec
tion were discouraging to the Prohibi
tionists. '
Ground at the
ELECTIONS IN KANSAS.
Prohibitionists Seem to THave Lost
St. Louis is normally a Republican city
by about 15,000 plurality. This has been
reversed and a Democratic plurality of
10,000 rolled up. Some of the Republicans
claim that the Nebit law. has enabled the
Democrats-to make such a strong show
ing at the polls. They claim fraud and
threaten to contest the election. T.is
Democrats, on the other hand, say that
their candidate was elected honestly and
they do not fear the result of a contest.
This election Is of more than local sig
nificance, and ' William J. Bryan, in his
paper, the Commoner, and ex-Governor
John P. Altgeld of Illinois, from the
stump in this city, have fought the elec
tion of Wells because he was a gold
Democrat for two campaigns. They both
indorsed Merriwether, the candidate of
the public ownership party. S3
Two men were slightly -wounded during
the day in difficulties at the polls, but
the day was comparatively • quiet, con
sidering the fierceness . of the contest.
Numerous arrests on the charge of ille
gal voting and the carrying . of concealed
weapons were made during- the day. -
ST. LOUIS, April 2.-Rolla Wells, the
Democratic . nominee for world's fair
Mayor, was* elected- to that office to-day
by a plurality of about 10,000. With him
was elected the entire Democratic ticket.
At midnight Charles Weinhaker. the Re
publican candidate for • City Collector,
conceded the defeat of the entire Repub
lican ticket: George W. Parker, the Re
publican candidate, and Lee Merriwether,
who is running independently on the mu
nicipal owenrship platform, are running
a close race for second place.
in St. Louis.
Democratic Candidate' is Successful
WELLS ELECTED MAYOR.
majority. There were tout two tickets in
the field, 1 the Republican and Democratic.
Every member of the City Council elected
to-day Is a Republican. This is the most
sweeping Republican victory achieved In
the city. Not exceeding five precincts out
of a total, of' twenty-three have gone
Democratic, and those precincts only
give small majorities. -;
"I met him there." Jones continued.
"Patrick gave me the bottle of chloro
form. He told me to saturate a towel in
chloroform and leave it over his face for
about thirty minutes. . He said that Rice
would probably laugh, but that I should
not be scared. I did as Patrick told me.
I returned home, took a napkin and satu
rated it with chloroform. I put It to . my
own face first, and then put it over ; the
face of Mr. Rice and left the room. I
walked up and down in the halls. The
bell rang several times. I , did « not open
the door.- Finally, in about-- a half -hour,
I went into Mr. Rice's room. I raised the
window, took the napkin and towel away
from his face and placed them both In the
range ,- where I burned: them. I sent a
hall-boy for Dr. | Curry, telling him that
Mr. Rice was very bad. ¦.,-,..
"I went to th« telephone to tell Patrick
that Rice was pretty near gone. When Dr.
Curry came Patrick was with him. I told
them Rice was dead. 'Dead! Oh, my God,
doctor, that is the worst thing that could
have happened to me,' said Patrick." •
Jones testified at length about the post
mortem incidents. -He said Patrick on the
day following took charge of the apart
ments. On that day, Jones testified, at
the request of Patrick he made out the
checks for $25,000 and $135,000, respectively,
on Swenson & Sons and the Fifth-avenue
Trust Company. Jones said Patrick also
took charge of about $450,000 In bills and
$3 or ?9 in silver from a drawer in the
millionaire's writing-desk. Jones sail
Patrick also took away two gold watches
and all the private papers of Mr. Rice.
Court then adjourned until to-morrow. .
How Bice Was Killed.
Rice got better-and about noon he want
ed to -get up. '-'He ' talked cheerfully about
going downtown: 1 and seemed much lm
prcved. Jones said he could not get Rice
to take the acid. 'He telephoned Patrick
to meet him at luncheon at a restaurant
on Sixth avenue, near Fiftieth street.
"About the end of August." witness re
plied. "Patrick asked me ¦whether I had
got the laudanum from the drug store at
Coney Island. I said I had not, but that
I had made some other arrangements to
get the poison.
"Patrick then told : me to give Rice sa
pollo. as that would break him down. I
told Patrick I could not do it, but I told
him I had some mercurial pills which Dr.
'Curry gave me. ' Patrick said I ought to
give them to Rice. I told Patrick 1 could
not do so 'without taking them myself in
his presence. 'Then do so,' Patrick said;
'it won't do you any. harm.' "
"Would Rice take anything you took?"
I "Yes. and- he- would never ¦ take " medi
cine unless I first took some in his pres
ence. All medicine that was sent him I
had to taste when he saw it." • . .;.;.¦
Jones then related what took place on
the day of the death of Mr. Rice.
"I saw Patrick at his house," said he.
"He told me to let him know if Rice grew
better. He would then get from his office
a bottle of oxalic acid, he said, to quicken
Rice's nerve."- :- - -¦.'¦-'. i ;'
Gave Master Mercury.
"Jones, will you state all the conversa
tion that took place between you and
Patrick in regard to getting Rice out of
the way?" said Mr. Osborne. -*•**
¦ '"Witness then went on to say that he
secured the poison, chloroform and lauda
num from his brother in Texas./ Jones
testified that he delivered the poison to
Patrick about three weeks before the
death of . Mr. Rice. Jones then went on
to testify that Patrick • had ¦ never . been
introduced to Rice up to the time of the
latter's death. ,
"Patrick asked me," witness continued,
"whether I did not , think old Rice was
living a little- too Jong for our purposes.
I said. I thought so. Patrick suggested
we put him out of the way. I suggested
Dr. Curry, but Patrick said Dr. Curry
would not do. any tiling 'of the kind."
Charles F. Jones, Rice's valet, was then
called. His testimony was practically a
repetition of his confession. ¦ He • told of
Patrick's first • meeting with * Rice : and of
Patrick's promise that he would see him
(the witness) "all right" after Rice s
death. He repeated the story of his con
versation with Patrick relative to getting
Rice's signature to a typewritten will
when his mind was not quite clear. -
How He Met. Patrick.
At the conclusion of Mrs. Francis* tes
timony, the Assistant District t Attorney
obtained a subpena for Patrick's medi
cine chest, '„ which Mrs. Francis said was
at her house.' : i. ¦
Mrs. Anna Francis was recalled to th-3
witness stands She testified that she had
never written any letters for Patrick. She
had written one letter concerning the Rice
will matter to J.M. Coleman of Housten,
Tex., but it was not at Patrick's request.
Patrick had never told her he was Rice's
confidential friend and attorney. Assist
ant District Attorney Osborne asked what
medicines Patrick- had taken last^year
and the witness replied that she knew he
had • taken iron and calomel pills and
medicine for malaria.
NEW YORK, April. 2.— When Albert T.
Patrick was taken - into . Justice Jerome's
cdurt to-day for a continuation of the pre
liminary hearing on the charge that he
had caused the death of William M. Rice
of Texas, David I. Short and Morris Mey
ers, the witnesses to Rice's will, who ara
held on a charge of forgery, were brought
In' with ; him; •'.'-
Gives Graphic Description of Rice's
Death and of Defendant's Bs- v
havior Upon His Entering
, the Room. '- l l
He Testifies at Patrick's
Trial for Millionaire
Rice's Murder.-
VALET JONES
ON THE STAND
~i-~ ¦ . • • ¦ - . .. ¦• ¦ - ¦
Incumbent Will Begin a Third Term as Chief Executive of
Chicago-Redistricting of the City Will Result in Con
tests Among Aldermen — Elections in Other Cities
CARTER HARRISON RE-ELECTED
MAYOR FOR THE SECOND TIME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3, 1901.
3
REFEREES'
Auction Sale!
BUSINESS PROPERTY
Con 3rd and Mission Sts*
Cor. Bush and Belden.
Sutter.'Near firant Are.
Belonging to Heirs of
MATTHEW^ CROOKS.
THURSDAY, APRIL 18/1901
t\T la o'clock: noon,
' ••..'H AT —
Auction Rooms of
G.H.DMBSEN&GO.,
14 Montgomery Street.
S. B. CORNER MISSION AND THIRD STS.
—55 feet on Third st. by 77:8 fe«t on Mission
st.; solid 4-story and basement brick building,
containing 3 stores on ground floor, renting; for
$350 per month to one tenant, and 3 floors abOT*
of SO rooms, renting for J140 per month; and
assessed for $S2,600; Improvements, {15,000.
i AN ELEGANT LOCATION. ON BUTTER ST..
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
ST. — Premises now occupied as a -wood and
coal yard; ground rent $50 per month. Land
assessed for {20.000. '
N. E. CORNER BUSH AND J BELDEN
STS.. BETWEEN KEARNT AND MONT-
GOMERY STS.— Brick Improvements; renting
for |305 per month. Land assessed |l(,M0; im-
provements, $2700. '. .
• For further particulars apply to.
(JOHN T. •. HARMES. •
. 625 Market St
G. H. TTMBSEN.
14 Montgomery St. I
* P. J. SULLIVAN.
¦ [ Parrott Building.
. - OCEAH" TRAVEL.
TOYO KISEN MISHA.
SrEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF," COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
.Kobe (Hlogo), - Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong -with steamers for
India, etc. ; No cargo received on board on day
of Bailing. • . - . ¦ ;
S3. HONGKONG MARU.Tuesday, April », MOT
SS. NIPPON MARU........E^lday. May 3. 1901
S3." AMERICA MARU.Wednesday. May 29. 1901
¦ Round-trip tickets '- at reduced rates. For
ireight and passage apply at company's office,'
421 Market street, corner First. .
- , : W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
C0MPAONIE GENERALS TBAN3ATLANTIQUZ.
direct Line to havre-paris. r.
- Sailing: every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. T»inWt-fl
North River, foot of Morton street. | First class
to Havre. J55 and upward. Second class ta
Havre, US and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED - STATES = and CANADA. * S2
Broadway (Hudson "building). New Tork. J. T.
FUGAZI & CO., Paclflo Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad ¦ Ticket Agents.
OCEAN TRAVEL -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
gfc 4' ' Steamers leave Broadway
«jT -wfliarf, San Francisco: .
ffn^W .For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
Safe." April 1. 6, 11. 18. 21, 28. May
iaPrKStiSh. !¦ Change to company's
iaTM&^Bra steamers at Seattle.
BsJitZS W For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
jggg^MMf C), Port Town'end. Seattle.
t^^B** SHU Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
w and New Whatcom ("Wash.)—
"• 11 a. m., April 1, 6, 11, 16, 21,
IS, May- 1, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. -N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April 3.
8, 13. 18, 23, 28, May 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
greles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a, m.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Pert Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bo^
nita, Tuesdays, 9 a. m. /
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joift del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La- Paz, Santa Rosa- *
Ha and Guaymas (ilex.) — 10 a. m., Tth eaca
month.
For further Information obtain company* ¦
folders. ¦ . • ¦'¦{.
Th« company reserves tha right to ehinr*
steamers, sailing; dates and hours . of sailing
without previous - notice-.
TICKET OKKICE— t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. A ft*..
' - . 10 Market st., San Francisco^
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ? •
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a, m.
CADE SIS First Clots Including Berth
rflnt $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails ...Apr. 3, 13. ». May 1
GEO. W. ELDER Sails. ..Apr. 8. IS. 28. May *
Short Line to "Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and to all points in the Northwest.
Throueh tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Acent.
1 Montgomery, st. -
AMERICAN LINfe.
imr TOS*. 80UTHAHPTOH, 1051)05, 7AXIB,
Stopping at Cnerbotnr. weitbonnd.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 19 m. m.
New Tork.. April MJNew Tork May J
Vaderland April 17 St. Paul May*
St. Louis April 24l St. Louis May IS
RED STAR LINE. .;.}
New York and Antwerp.
From. New Tork Every Wednesday,* U noon.
Southwark April 10|Zeeland May 1
Westernland ...April 17 Friesland May *
Kensington . . . .April 24 1 Sou th wark .. . . . .May 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 20 Montgomery it.
PANAMA R.Riffer:
TO NEW YORK VIA PAHAUA DIRECT.
Cabin. *1O5: Steerage. »KO.
S. S. Eoanoke sails Tuesday, April 2 /
S. S. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 20
S.S. .Argyll sails . .Monday, May 6
From Wharf. Harrison st.. 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. - F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Aeent. '
Af>A5)nIOCC TA HAWAII, SAMOA, UFA
oeeanics.s.co, sasss
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu" only) ,
Saturday. April «.• 8 p. m.
SS. VENTURA,' for Honolulu, Samoa, N*W >
Zealand and Australia.: ..:... ,
' .../....- ....Wednesday. April 17. 9 p. m.
I B.SFBEGKLS & BUS. CO., Bneral Agents. 321 Hartst St
fiao'l Passenger Offlcs, 143 lartet St, Pier la. 7, PaeiS: St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVI6ATI0N CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANAftJE VAPORBS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central •
and South American ports. Salllne Lombard
wharf, 13 m. ¦WtaBaaBBBaHg
AREQUIPA ....Apr. 41PERU Apr. —
LIMAJR1 .........Apr. 17|GUATEMALA ,M«r —
These steamers are built ezsressly for Cen-
tral and South American , passenrer serrtc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenrer office. Z1S California stTMt. - - - -- t
BALFOUR. GTJTHRIB * CO., Aftttfc ttW
¦Aiu./0.' &&"&"~?
Proprietress of Criswell House, 211 "West
. Fifth street, Kansas City, Mo.
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Sent Free.
If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney, liver or bladder trouble, or If
% there Is a trace of It In your family history, send at once* to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
. Blnghamton. N. Y.; who will gladly send you by mall, Immediately, without cost to
you, a sample bottle of the wonderful remedy. Swamp-Root, and a book contain-
' ing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from
men and women cured by Swamp-Root. In writing be sure "to say that you read
this generous offer In the San Francisco Dally Call, v ,
Made a New Woman of Me.
"During three years I was frequently
attacked with severe spells of sickness.
Many of these tick spells kept me in bed.
dangerously ill, from three weeks to three
months, under . the constant care of the
best physicians of Kansas City. The doc-
tors , never told me I had anything the
matter of my kidneys, but I did not know
for sure. *. ¦ .-.'"¦¦ . .>•,;¦;¦ ¦ . . .
"Some doctors pronounced my case gall
stones, and said I could not live without
a surgical operation, to which I would
never consent. A friend suggested I try
Dr.' Kilmer's ¦ Swamp-Root. I began to
take Swamp-Root regularly, -and when I
had used only three 50-cent bottles I, felt
fine and was able to do more work than
I had done in four years. It has made a
new. woman of me. I have had only one
slight attack, since I began to take
Swamp-Root, and that was caused by be-
ing drenched with rain and catching cold.
Stomach trouble had bothered me for
years and had become chronic. I am now
44 years of age and feel much younger
than I did ten years ago. I freely give
this testimonial for the benefit of those
who have suffered as I have."
Jfo^'%*z*^Jl§*t0JlJZ£jU*^C:
Swamp-Root So Pleasant to Take.
, "You have no idea how well I feel. I am
satisfied, that! do not! need any more
medicine; as I am in as good health as I
ever .was in my. life." "So says' Mrs. Mary
Engelhard of 2835 Madison street. St.
Louis, Mo., to a reporter of the St. Louis
Globe-Democrat. — .
"For more ¦ than ten' years ,1 suffered
with what the doctors'.: termed;, female
trouble, also heart trouble, with, swelling
of the feet and limbs.' Last summer I felt
so badly that T thought I had not long to
live. I consulted doctor after 'doctor and
took their medicines.' but felt no better/ A
friend recommended meto- try. .Dr. • Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and I must say. I de-
rived immense benefit almost from the
first week. I continued the medicine.' tak-
ing it regularly, and I am now in splendid
health.- The pains and aches -. have all
gone. I, have recommended Swamp-Root
to all my friends, and told them' what It
has done for me. I will gladly answer any
one -who desires to -write me regarding my
case. I most heartily » indorse Swamp-
Root from every . standpoint. There is
such a pleasant taste to Swamp-Root, and
it goes right to. the weak spots and drives
them out of the system."
I' somehow felt certain that my. kidneys were the cause of my trouble. My sister.
Mrs. C. K." Littlefield of Lynn, advised me ; to give Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a
trial. -I procured a bottle, and'Inslde«of three days commenced to get relief. I fol-
lowed- up that bottle with another, and at the completidn of this one found I was
completely cured. My strength returned and to-day I am as well as ever. My busi-
ness Is. that of canvasser, I am on my feet a great deal of the time and have to
use much energy in getting around. My cure is therefore all the more remarkable
and Is exceedingly gratifying to me." " i" •'":. : ~V r ..
117 High Rock street, Lynn, Mass. -^*4.- a^i^'/^^e^K"
Did Not Know I Had Kidney Trouble,
¦Neuralgia,- nervousness, headache, puffy
or dark circles under the eyes, rheuma-
tism, a dragging pain or dull ache in the
back, weakness or bearing: down sensa-
tion, profuse or scanty supply of urine,
with strong odor., frequent desire to pass
it. night or day, with scalding or burning
sensation— these are . all unmistakable
signs of kidney and bladder trouble.
If there 13 any doubt In your, mind as to
your condition, take from your urine on
rising about four ounces, place it in a
glass or bottle and let it stand twenty-
four hours. If on examination It Is milky
or cloudy, if there is a brickdust settling,
or if small particles float about in it. your
kidneys are in need of immediate atten-
tion.
Other symptoms showing that you need
Swamp-Root are sleeplessness, dizziness,
irregular heart, breathlessness, sallow,
unhealthy cdmplexion, plenty of ambition
but no strength.
¦ Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and Is
used in the leading hospitals, recommend-
ed by physicians in their private practice
and is taken by doctors themselves, be-
cause they recognize. In It the greatest
and most successful remedy that science
has ever been able to compound.
If-, you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is -what you need, you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 bottles
at the drugstores everywhere.
some sort is responsible for their
many ills, when in fact disordered
kidneys are the chief cause of their
distressing troubles. ¦
Women as Well as Men Are Made
Miserable by Kidney and
, v . Bladder Troubles.
It. used to be considered that only urin-
ary and bladder troubles were to be traced
to th© kidneys, but now modern science
proves that nearly all diseases have their
beginning in the disorder of these most
Important organs. ' I
The kidneys filter and purify the blood-
that is their work. So when your kidneys
are weak or out of order you can under-
stand how quickly your entire body is af-
fected and how every organ seems to fall
to do its duty.
-If you are sick or "feel badly," begin
taking the famous new discovery. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Hoot, because as soon as
your kidneys . are . well they will help all
the other organs to health. A trial will
convince any one. ; VY.
Many women .suffer untold misery
because the nature of their disease
is not correctly understood; in most
cases they are led to believe that
womb trouble or female weakness of
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy SWAMP-ROOT Will Do for YOU,
Eyery Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle FREE.
Thousands of Women Have Kidney Trouble and Never Suspect It.
What Women Say
About Swamp=Root
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
, TO READERS OF THE CALL: \
"About eighteen months ago I had a very severe snell of sickness. I was ex-
tremely sick for three weeks, and when I finally was able to leave my bed I was
left with excruciating pains in my back. My water at times looked very- like cof-
fee. I could pass but little at a time, and then only after suffering great pain. My '
physic. .1 condition was such that I had no strength and was all run down.* The ;
doctors said my kidneys were not affected, and while I v;; ¦'• ; ;
((ff $|Qoo \\Y
I Lm&de to older suit^
*tfj/ The man who wears \vv^
//// one of our $10.06 made- \yvi
1 If to-order suits can be sure yk Vf
I If that he has a good appearance; he can\^\
/ / be sure that the suit will wear satis- \ \
J J factorily; he can be sure that the pat-
tern is the latest of the season; he can
be sure that the cut of the suit is j
\ \ stylish; he can be sure. that the mak- { J
\ \ ing is good; he can be sure of his J I
money's worth. A \
His assurance comes from our guar-
antee that the clothes must meet with ¦
his entire approval, or he- can have his
money back. Furthermore, if he.keeps
the suit we will keep it in good repair
for a year at no cost to him. . , -
We offer these extraordinary privi-
leges With these suits because we
want to establish faith in the suits and
overcome the prejudice of many that
> - a good suit can't be made to order for
' - 1 I $10.00. I
j I Come in and look over our line of \
cloths, pick out what pleas.es you in
! pattern, let us measure you, then leave !
I the rest to us. I \
\ \\ Suits for out-of-town cwi- ///A
xCx< iom ' rs wide through our //ff
self -measuring system— ////a
KSN^^y write for samples. /jT//\
Y B^\VOOP4»fi) 1
lU 718 Market Street and jj I
i\\^ Cor. Powell and Eddy. jvja
ttiOTSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
10 THIRD ST., iSan Francisco.
BUDDING' SPRING!
AN EASTER
NOVELTY!
At Easter the ladies like to ap-
pear in their new gowns, and
nothing adds more to their ap-.
pearance than nobby, j snappy
footwear. Here is our Easter
; special: Ladies' Dark Tan
• * Oxford Ties, with silk vesting
tops,. kid front stays and band,
coin toes and tips, turned soles"
and French heels, reduced to
. . Spl.85 a pair— all widths and,
¦ sizes.- : '\
EASTER EGOS GIVEN FBEE
'TO THE CHILDREN
. with every, purchase of shoes.
New 8o-Page Catalogue Just ts-
; su^d. Send for one./' -
PHILADELPiTSHdE CO.
,10 THIRD- ST.. San Francisco,
¦ ¦*¦•¦' "'*- "-•/¦' *--'-•--"• 5- ¦ ."'"'"'. -- •-' • )'-.'¦¦' -•
Q^flW^ SAME SHAPE
|-Jr FAVOStBTE
IRESCRgPIEOM
I J& FOR WEAK WOMEN. 1
BAY ''AND ; EIVEBt STEAMERS. '
FORT U? S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.-
.:.•/•¦"¦ ..','¦ Steamer .." Montlcello." :
MON*; ¦ TUES.; '¦ WED./ THTJRS. l AND : SAT.
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays,
10 : 30 a. m. , 8 p. ¦¦ m. -: Landing ' and office. : ills-
slon-it. Dock, Fler No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.Oil in Modoc Cc-unty
.., RENO."; April 2.— There is much ; excite
ment over the discovery of oil in Modoc
County, California. It is said that indica
tions are more than : favorable for a per
manent flow. . • Several locations of < o'l
lands have already been made. ." •¦
.At a meeting! of. the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association last night plans for
the .. race meeting on May 30 were dis
cussed. The question of a track. was con
sidered and Thomas H. "Williams Jr. : will
be asked for the use of one of his racing
tracks for that. day. Over 6eventy-eight
entries will be assured.-. • ':¦ • •¦-.
Park Drivers Meet.
PETITION -IX' INSOLVENCY.^-A petition in
insolvency was filed yesterday in the United
Slate*. Distrtct' Court; ..by . James W.' Jones,
farmer,- Escalon, San ; Joaquln jCtounty. - Llabili-
San' Mateo County Hunt. * \
' The polo match scheduled for this after
noon in . Golden Gate Park has - made a
change - necessary . In the y programme
of the San Mateo County. Hunt Club.- iThe
meet - at the; Howard Woods, Crystal
Spring road, set- f or r 4: o'clock this after
noon, • will take place to-morrow afternoon
at. the same "place: and hour. The hunt
from point- to point set for/next Sunday,
April 7,. will come off at lMn the morning
on Saturday, April -6, the 'club grounds at
'Burlingame being the rendezvous. ' A card ¦
announcing the above changes in the pro
gramme has been sent out to;ihe..mem»
bers by Francis - Carolan, the w master ' of
the San Mateo County Hunt: '*
fJ.TlTEA'P ClTi ATTTT CPTJTTT't!'
UrxvriftJ. vtxucL v xjL . alxUlix/ ¦ •
' ' IN YANKEE HHiL MINE
Twelve Thousand Dollars in Nugget 3
Taken 'Out Within Four
''_ Days. \ ;• . .\.'.i^->.^
¦ JAMESTOWN, April 2.— At Yankee Hill,
above Columbia, a gravel strike was made
on Friday last that '• is "drawing . to ¦ that
locality-, mining men from all parts of
Tuolumne County. It Is in the Dondero
claim/owned by I^ouis Dohdero. The shaft
at. a depth of thirty-five feet cut Into the
channel of the. old river bed. ¦-'¦:. '.'¦:
The gravel deposit is- eighteen- inches
deep and about ten feet wide. One nugget
weighing three :an«l a half • pounds • was
found on Saturday. • Up to this noon they
had taken . out $12,000. - Estimates - as to
the extent and value of the strike range
from .$75,000 to $100,000. . .
-; Many.' years agd;former owners of; the
claim sunk a shaft near by to, within four"
feet of the channel and then quit.
Ortega Goes -to San ¦ Quentin.
;, SAN JOSE, April 2.-J-V Jack": Ortega, the
pugilist," who , criminally .'. assaulted . little
Grace . Gamble on i September ; 5 last, -was'
to-day ordered to lbs taken to San Quen-'
tin, at the wish of; the Sheriff, to ', enter
upon hi3 life sentence., .He .was convicted
on December 1 and since then his.attor
neys have been granted '¦ numerous "con
tinuances to effect "an- appeal... For-four
months they; have been wasting time- and
yesterday they came into court on an or
der , from Judge . Lorigan; with a bill • of
exceptions. This ; the : court refused to
FIBST TROTJT FISHING
.; ' not very; successful
Trout in Near-By Streams } Not So
. Plentiful as Was Ez-
pected. •
• The trout fishing season opened on Mon
day, but, the anglers' who tasted of the
first the ' season brought forth ¦ are '- not
wildly, : jubilant' over the early prefects."
j The -best -streams in : nearby counties
vr-sre fished pretty, thoroughly and- the
best baskets showed messes of : from six
to eight' inch trout. At- the Whitehouse
at Paper • Mill there . were : eight j landed
weighing between three and a half and six
pounds, r Charles Precht got a six-pounder
and. William; Patterson got five between"
three and six pounds. \ " '• :
J. B. Kenneff, C. R. Kenneff, Dr. C. G.
Levison, M. J. Geary, J. Butler, Burt
Spring, Frank Dolliver and George Lano
fished at the mouth of the Paper Mill
Creek With fair success.': . . - - •
STRETCHING BIG
ELECTRIC CABLES
' BENICIA,' April 2.— The Bay Counties
Power Company Is raism? the four cables
that will carry Its "electric currents across
the straits at this place. Two are already
In place and by the end of the week all
will have been stretched. The cables are
hauled taut by steam cower. Those not
yet raised He at "the bottom of the straits.
These cables were on reels oa the Port
Costa dock. One end ""of each cable was
taken over the lower ai-d secured to the
anchor, on the Port Costa side. The reel
was then put on a scow, which was towed
across the straits to the Benicia side by
a launch. The cable was taken from the
reel and laid on the bottom'of the straits
at high tide. On the Benicia side the cable
was fastened to another temporary cable,
which was secured to the anchor, and an
engine employed to haul the cable over
the tower to the anchor..
The cables are made of plow steel . and
are seven-eighths" of an inch in diameter.
They are the largest cables in the world
carrying power and no others have such
high electric pressure. The distance from
tower to tower on a straight line is 44W
feet, so that the cables are also th»
longest in the world. They are insulated
at both the towers and the anchors by
special Insulators requiring original de
sign and work in electrical engineering.
The current was turned on one day.
February 17. to Vallejo for the purpose of
testing the lines. The success of the test
has already been described In The Call.
The current on the main line to Oakland
will be turned on about April 6.
? ¦ •",•::''¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Great Strands of Steel Are
: Raised Over Carquinez
Straits.
MAMMOTH'S SKELETON
AND PETRIFIED CLAMS
T^ro Finds of Scientific Interest (on
. : the. Islands Oft British
..• Columbia.
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 2.— Two im
portant finds of -great scientific interest
have been mado here recently, j Stewart
Henderson, a barrister of A'shcroft, a few
days ago found scattered in the face of a
landslide the bones of a mammoth of pre
historic days. He Jater found where the
scattered bones had come from,. and dug
out a large part of the complete skeleton,
fossilized, of a mammal which measured
neatly seven feet high at the shoulders.
The bones are being shipped to the mu
seum at Vancouver. .
Another interesting find has also been
made by the crew of the halibut steamer
New England. On the last trip, while in
Virago Sound, Queen .Charlotte Island,
several laige beds of petrified clams were
found. The clams are most peculiar, and
there are now no live shellfish in the vi
cinity. The petrifaction seems to have oc
curred suddenly, for the clams are in va
rious and lifelike positions. Many have
their necks out of the shells. .
GARDINER WANTS TO
: • .-. FIGHT FRANK ERNE
His Manager Says He Will Post One
Match.
Thousand Dollars for the,
J. Neininer, manager of Oscar Gardinc,
Is thick-coated with a grievance. He does
not like the way Frank Erne has been
making speeches about' his principal and'
to stop it once and for all he has Issued
hi Gardiner's name a fierce challenge on'
a money basis.' ' '¦'.'¦:
' This Is what Neininer has to say: "Erne
is" trying his best to belittle Gardiner and
Solely for the reason that he did not get
the first match with .McGovern. Now if
Erne Gardiner so 'easy ¦ here Is
ready" money for his picking.. Gardlnei"
will fight Erne, the latter to weigh in at
128 pounds and Gardiner to fight at 118. I
will put $1000 as a side purse and the win
ner take all. Now, let Mr. 'Erne do some
thing." ' ¦ '—-:'>
Erne, after his . fight with McGovern,!
said he- would never again fight under 133
pounds. "
SLAYS AN" INDIAN TO
SAVE HIS OWN Lin)
James S. Porteous of Calaveraa
County Sends a Bullet Through,
a Bed Desperado. ;'? ".- i
MOKELUMNE HILL, April t-James
S. Porteous of West Point sho* and in
stantly killed a Pinte Indian known a a
Johnny on Saturday evening. The Indian
had been cutting wood on Porteous' land
and was told to cease. He declared ha
would not stop. The Indian went to Por
teous' house with a. shotgun and called to
Porteous to come out, but Porteous would
not expose himself, and Johnny departed.
That evening Porteous started for town
to attend a lodge meeting. His son ac
companied him, carrying- a rifle.' The In
dian came upon- them on the way and re
newed the quarrel. Porteous tried to grab
the. Indian's gun and Johnny fired, but
missed. - Porteous seized and wrenched
the gun from the Indian and threw It
away. Johnny then drew a pistol and
fired once more, but without effect. Por
teous seized the rifle from his son and
shot the Indian dead.
Johnny was a desperate character and
it is known he has killed two Indians.
One of these he murdered with a broom
stick sharpened to a point. While hU
enemy was sleeping Johnny placed the
sharp point over his heart and then struck
the other end of the broomstock a heavy
blow, driving It through the man's body.
Eric Hansen Sentenced.
VALLEJO, April 2.— In the Superior
Court to-day Attorney John Ryan made
a motion for a new trial for Eric Hansen.
found guilty of manslaughter in • having
killed Clark at South Vallejo on
the morning of February 2. Judge Buckles
denied tho motion and- sentenced Hansen
to seven years in San Quentin. Attorney
Ryan will appeal to the Supreme Court.
Must Face His Accusers.
PORTLAND, Or., April 2.— In the United
States District Court to-day Judge Bel
linger Issued an order for the removal of
J. D. Bowlln to Kentucky, where he la
charged with forging pension claims.
Bowlin claims that the charge was
trumped up. by one of his political ene
mies, and that If he is returned to Ken
tucky he will not receive justice.
•{•— : ..,....- ... .- ,- . ... ¦ • •-
ter his setter Duke, which secured the
first prize in the novice class in the last
show held across the bay.
DOGS THAT WILL BE SEEN
1 AT THE KENNEL CLUB
\ show.' ; : - •¦:-, ': *=. - ' ' • -.,
ENCOUNTER HARDSHIPS
IN ALASKAN WASTES
Members of. the Norman Mining Ex
pedition Claim They Have Found
an El 'Dorado.
SEATTLE, April 2.— A story of adven
tur^, .tragedy and hardship, having as a
scene of action the' Bering' Sea and the
Kuskokwim country in Alaska, is told by
' Captain E. Erickson and J. B. Rawlings,
recorder of the Norman mining district.
They declare that the 'Kuskokwim coun
try is the coming gold producing section
of Alaska.
• The Norman mining expedition was or
ganized by tnesei two men and ¦ fourteen
others. They purchased the twelve-ton
schooner Bear and left Nome on July 17
for the Kuskokwim River. At Nunivak
they found I the barkentine Leslie D
wrecked on a lock. None of the miners
would take possession of the wreck, and
Captain Erickson was compelled to . sail
away, although he knew that the provi
sions on board the barkentine would soon
be badly needed by the ; party. They
reached the Kuskokwim at the end of
July, where half the party was left, the
others >¦ going with the -Bear back to the
wreck for ¦ supplies. Another party was
found In ¦ possession of the Leslie . D," and
for a time it seemed as If there would, be
a conflict between the rival captains. A
search for food was then made at Togiak
River, and to the Joy of all it was suc
cessful.
In the meantime those of the expedition
who had remained at Kuskokwim found
coarse gold in paying quantities forty
miles up -the river. 'When the schooner re
turned after a long absence with a small
supply of provisions the miners; who had
been suffering from lack of food, orga
nized the Norman district and elected
Rawlings recorder. <•>
Alexander Bash of Salem, Or., .was
drowned on the return trip. . ¦.^;;',
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Patents were
issued to-day as follows: California-
Daniel Best, San Leandro, grain separator
and cleaner; George S. Binckley, as
signor of one-half to WV G. Dodd, San
Francisco, air compressor; Mark M. Bol
linger and .M. Dragoo, Reedley, fruit car;
George M. Brodie, Ang<Ms Camp, adjust
able pipe coupling; John T. Davis, San
Krahcisco, distillation of petroleum; Ralph
W. Elliott, assignor one-half to F. P.
Baker, Oakley, compressed air pump;
Ethelbert M. Frazier, San Francisco, as
signor by mesne assignments to Otis Ele
vator Crtmpany, New Jersey, brake; El
mer E. Green, Santa Clara, apparatus for
making gelatin dynamite; John Hoey, San
Francisco, bed bottom attachment; War
ren C, Jones, San Francisco, spectacle at
tachment; Peter B. Mathiason, Los An
gelee; vehicle axle and bearing; Gustave
Merkle, San Francisco, fish dressing ma
chine;.John S. Morton, Oakland, hydraulic
propeller;.- same, pump; John J. ¦ Moule,
Stockton, track; Adolph J. Petter, San
Fram?l?co, -end E. J. Jvilllan, Los Angeles,
foldaWe roller carriage or chair; John R.
Phfllips, StocKWJn, Rulp agitators -William
F. Schmidt,. Blancho, garment. fastener;
Magokichi. Shiino, San Kr.ancisco," . liquid
preparation from rice; . William H.
Symthe. .Berkeley, ¦ mechanical-* -stoker;
Charles J.'Stoneham, assignor one-half to
G. T. Stoneham, Sierra Madre, ..bason
maker:-. Morris C. White, Los Angeles,
bitch block; Thomas White, Vallejo,.pho
tographic print washer.
Washington— Hanford H. Fox, Spokane,
hair and scalp brush; Volney J. Long,
Sprague, mower; Anthony J\ Prichard,
Tacoma, device for -protecting, saffs
against burglars.
Oregon— Philip W. Knowles, Dufur, end
less^ harvester, sickle.. .--...
The following postoffices were ordered
discontinued 'from April lo:' -.Washington —
Teanaway, Kittitas County, mail to Cle
Khun. .¦ , i'j,- ¦¦- •
The following Postmasters were commis
sioned: California— John P. Carnev, Mon
roe. Oregon — Martha C. Barton, Jordan
Valley; Herbert A. Brown, Argenti. Ap
pointed: California— C. W. Long, Fresno
, Flats. Madera County, vice M. E. SmltJi
resigned; S. J. Sancomb, Thermalito,
' Buttc County, vice W. A. Rigers resigned.
-' Oregon — John Alexander, Glide, Douglas
Cpunty, vice J. F. Wright resigned.
Pensions were issued to-day as follows:
. Original— Elijah Borton, Lohg Beach. $6;
.Ttiom.ie Cross, Oroville, $8; ten years' ser
. vies. Fritz A. Muller. Vallejo, $2.". •
Additional— Michael -Dunn,. San Fran
cisco, $s. Increase— Henry T. Vanhise,
Tustin, $10; Frank F. Carnduff, Milton,
524: Daniel. E. Turner. Los Angeles, $40
Reissue— William Ashmead, University
Station, $12. . •
• Original widbws— Nancy L,axvler. Tulare,
$S; Alpha A. Quails, San Geor, $S.
Mexican war • survivors — Increase —
¦ -Ilirqim.- S. Woods,. Soldiers' Home, Los
Anpeles, $12. • • - - . ¦
War with Spain — Original— William
Greenwald, San Francisco, $14; Samuel F.
Long, San ' Francisco. $s; Thomas Swee
ney* San- Francisco. $8.
Oregon: Original— William E. Sanders,
Merlin, ?10; Andrew J. Dalrymple, Canby
$6. Increase — Seymour A. Hosford Ver
nonia. $8. War with Spain, widows—
. Josephine Arpin, mother, Portland $12
"¦ .Washington: Original— Francis Young
Ridgefleld. $8. Original widows-Annie
•Vowell.- I6aaquah. $8.
The'following Californlans are in Wash
ington: Metropolitan— E. R. Stewart and
wife. . Shoreham— J. Hutchinson Arid son
C. J. Deustcr. Mr9; John McKee." Raleigh
— G. A. Bcbrick. all of San Francisco.
JUDGING from the preparations
which are already under way and
the usual interest which, is being
manifested by the dog fanpiers, the
canine show which is I sorfri to be
given by the local kennel club will equal
if not surpass any that has hitherto been
held on the coast.. Dogs'of the best pedi
grees will grace the bench" with their pres
ence. • Although the show is more than a
month off entries are already coming In.
Headquarters have: been opened at 14
Post street, with H. D. Laidlaw in charge.
The premium list is being arranged and in
a few days will be ready for announce
ment. • . i
One of the most notable entries thus far
made is that of Mrs. J. P. Norman's Lady
Montez, a Boston terrier, with a litter of
puppies. This will be the first time in the
history of the local bench that a Boston
terrier has been exhibited. Lady Montez
springs from a very high place in canine
royalty and Is described as a smooth,
soft-coated, compactly built dog. -
Philip C. Meyer's collection of St. Ber
nards, which is reported to be the most
complete ¦ on the coast and' comprises
none but first quality dogs, will" be in at
tendance, - " ' <
J. G. Mansfield's" sable white collie from
the Corbett Kennels, which' has not before
been benched, has been entered. ,
The dog fanciers of. the interior towns
are taking great interest In -the coming
show and will ' send , in many, pedigreed
canines. . E. C. Hahn of Oakland will en-
WITNESSES WILL
COME FROM EAST
Ready to Leave Delaware to
Take the Stand at
Botkin trial.
Attorney General "Ward Confers With
Many People, Including Dr. Theo- ¦
dore B. Wolfe, About Mak
ing the Trip. ' .,
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
: WILMINGTON, Del., 'April 2.— Attorney
General Herbert'M. Ward held a confer
ence at Dover to-day with most of the
Delaware ¦ witnesses in the Botkin case.
They included Misses Millington - and
Bateman, who ate part of the poisoned
candy; Drs. Bishop and Downes, who at
tended Mrs. J. P. Dunning and Mrs. J."
D. Deane. AM of these witnesses are will
ing to again go to - California if they are
needed and arrangements for the trip are
made. '¦'.*.
, There are still other witnesses for Ward
to see, including Bernard J. McVey, who
was recently legislated -out of his office
as State detective, but is holding on with
the claim that tho .Legislature had .no
right to droD" him. ¦ •¦ :
¦ Ward also held a conference with Dr.
Theodore R. "Wolfe,, the State chemist at
Newark, who analyzed', the candy and
found that it contained arsenic. Dr.
Wolfe is not yet sure -that he can go to
San Francisco again, but believes he* will
be able to arrange his affairs- so that he
can make the trip.' He: will go jf possible
In the interests of -justice.- -
It is also likely that Detective McVey
will go' for-the- saine reason, as' he has
expressed himself that way. " Ward Is how
sure that' all the evidence presented by.
the Delaware people at the last trial will
be repeated at this one 'and that the case'
will be just as strops.' ~
GAS- GENERATING PLANT
' SOON TO BE UNDER WAY
John Martin Making Further Invest-*
ments in Grass Valley and
Nevada City.
GRASS VALLEY. April 2.— John Mar-»
tin, president of the Bay Counties Power
Company, has completed all arrangements
to erect a gas generating plant In either
Grass Valley or Nevada City, at a cost
of $40,000. "Within twenty days ho will
have construction under way and within
a year will be able to supply gas for both
fuel and lighting.
Mr. Martin to-day took possession of
the electric lighting- systems of Grass
Valley and Nevada City, which he has
purchased irraividually from the Bay
Counties Power Company. He will con
tinue to use the power of the company,
but will conduct the service as an inde
pendent concern.
Mr. Martin waa yesterday granted a
temporary franchise for his electric car
line between the two towns by the County
Board of Supervisors. John- F. Kidder
has held a franchise for the same pur
pose for the past five years, but Mrs. Kid
der has just sent word to Mr, Martin that
he could have the franchise if he wanted
It, and added that the proposed line, In
stead of being a detriment to the Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad, would
be a help to It in Its freight business. The
board accordingly revoked the Kidder
franchise and will advertise for bids in.
accordance with, the State law, at which,
time Martin's company will get its fran
chise. , . ¦• y. ••-.",¦¦
. A twenty minute service on weekdays
will be given between the two places. On
Sundays cars will. run every fifteen- min
utes. The fare will be 10 cents, with a
charge of but 5. cents for short rides upon
the streets of either town.
Mr. Martin has purchased the lighting
systems of Marysville. . Chico and "Wood
land; he Is negotiating for those of Peta
luma, Santa Rosa and San Rafael.
2235. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three
year-old fillies; purse, $400. - . .
Index, Horse,- Wt, Jockey. St. Vi. Str. . Fin. ¦
2207 Ada N, 107..... Dominick 1 2 3 1% 11
(2159)Bonnie Lissak, 107.0'Con 2 3n.35 25 '
2127 Maresa, 107 Mounce 3 1 n 2 3 3 20
"2216 Sinn. 107... Wedderstrand 4 4 4 4
¦ Time-%, :25^; %,":49%; ?J,' 1-.02U; %, 1:29%."
Good start.- Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, C L. Jones' b. t. by Herald-
Santa Rosa. Bonnie Lissak Is not partial to
th 1 : going. Neither is Maresa. Winner had a
rider up this .trip.
. Betting— Ada N, 2; Bonnie Llasak, 9-5; Ma
resa, 2; > Sinn, 15, ¦ • ,-.-./. -,":,.'.-
FOURTH RACE— Mile and three-quar
ttrs; hurdle; four-year-olds and up; purse, $450.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin,
2196 Granger, a, 145.... Peters 3 15 13 110
2196 J O C, a, 145 Johnson 2 2 10 2 25- 2 30
- 2196 May Boy. 6, 145.McMahn 5 3 12 : 3 3
2016 Oilberto, 5, 161.. Lenhart 4 4 10 Fell ...
2200 Magnus, a, 165..Hueston 6 5 Pulled up
(21S4)OIinthus, 6, - 168. Worthtn 1 Fell t ... .'. .
! TimeU-3:29V4. Good start. Won easily. . Sec
end driving. Winner. S. J. Jones' ch. g. by
Oregon-Superba. Granger showed . a ¦ trace of
old form. Gllberto and Magnus no account;
v.B&Ulng— Granger, 12; J 0 C, 4; May Boy,
v 7-2; Gilberto, 20; Magnus,. 25; Olinthus, S-10.
Jfi234.. FIFTH RACE— Mile and' an eighth;
-selling; , four-year-olds and up; purse, $400. '. (
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
J . 2222 Twinkler. 6, 105. Weddstd 3 3 2 ... 14
" 2191-Lizzclla, a. 10o'..MurphylO 6h ... 2h
2218 Don Luis, 6, 105..Ransch 7 11 ... 3 12
2167 Royal Prize, 6, 105.... See 6 6h ... 4 1
2175 First Call, 6, lOo.Bassngr 5 2 1 •..." 5
. 2172 CHs. Le; Bel, 6, 105.T.ulltt 1.8 2 ,.% 6%
2206 McAlbert. ¦ 6, 10».Mounce 2. -4 % "¦' -V : 7 1.
2222 Merops, 5, 108. .....Henry 9' 9 1 ... 8 6
2174 Mary, K'sella, 6, 105. Dom 4 10 5 '.. ...r 9 3
: 8175 La Borgla,:4, 105 .0' Conn '8 -7 1 -f'.'M. 10 2
.^leS.T.^iCalvert, 6, 107.Howellll .1% -....ll
' T1me^-%, :13; Vi, :25; %, i:04U^%. 1:31; mile.
1:44; l%m, 1:57%. Good start. .Wort, easily.
Second. . and . third driving-. Winner, L. ," S.
Young's b.'g. by Imp. Bratus-Nabette. Twlnk-
; ler liked the going. Lizzella came from far
bock. - Don Luis ran- his race. Merops. won't
do. La Borgia has gone back. Scratched—
.Kapido 105. . . ¦ . '
i-.^Bettlng — Twinkler, 10; Lizzella, S; Don Luis,'
10; RoyaU Prize, 8; First Call. 10; Charlea Le
Bel, 40; McAlbert, 8; Merops. 2; Mary Kin
tella, 15; Borgik, 8; Tom Calvert, 15. ' • ••
Barklylte 105. ¦ .
Betting— Brunswick, 9-2; Corrigan, 1; -.Ty
ranus, 40 ; Irma A, 7; Rory Ough, 8; Huachuca,
0; George Clark,- 100; El Bano, 40; Sol. 30.
-2232. 'THIRD RACE-Four furlongs; two
j ear-olds ;, purse, $400.
Index, Horse,' Wt, Jockey. St: %. Str. Fin.
2201 Brunswick, 108 Henry-6 13 ... 1 Vt
2064 Corrigan 118... Dominick 7 2 h ... 2 2
2213 Tyranus.- 110.... ....Kelly 5 4 hi ... 3 5
2213Irma.A; 105 Mounce 4 3 2 ... .4 6
2165 Rory Ough. 118... Shields 9 5 2 ... 5 3
(I177)Huachuca. 113. .O'Connor 1 6 2 ...'IS
" 2165 Oeo. Clark, 108..Frawley 3 9 ... 7%
2201 El Bano. 107......Conley 8 8 4 ... 8 2
(lS35)Sol, 110... See2 73 ... 9 ,
Timfr-Vi, :23%; %, :49. ¦ ' Good start. "Won
ridden ¦ out Second and- third driving:. Win-'
r.er, A. ¦ Joseph's -ch. = g. by St. Carlo-Sloe.
Brunswick is a fast one, but It remains to
be seen how he will handle weight. Corrigan
hung the last part." Tyranus will. do. Rory*
Ough no speed. El Bano wheeled as barrier
went up. Scratched— Ogle 113, Muresca 110,
2!!31. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling-;
four-year-olds and up; purse, ?400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2226 Sll. Garter, 4, 109. Bergen 1 2 h 1 1% 1 2V4
. 2200 Sugden 5, Ilk.. '.Hazard 6 3 4. -3 2 2-1V4
2217 Salvado, 5, 112..... Henry 4.71 -54 3 %
~ 2093 Un Cadeau, 4, 106.Conley 2 1 V% ' 2 3 4 %
2100 Parmenion, 4,' 106.D6mnk 9 6 2 4 h 6 5
2202 Montallade, a. 109.Mnce 8 8 2 7 2 64
2218 Alas, 4. 106... Burlingame 3 4 V4 6 3 7 4
1116 Einstein. 6, 109.Bassingrr 7 9 9 8 8
2197 Devereaux, 4, 106.Ransch 5 5 2 .8 3 9
Time-tt. :24H; %.:«;%, 1:16. Good start.
Won easily. Second and -third driving. Win
ner, M. J. Daly's ch. h.' by imp. Golden Garter-
Florida.- Winner was best. Sugrden had a day,
but .was outfooted. Un Cadeau quit. Par
menion away poorly. Montallade did not like
the going. Scratched— Limelight 109, Prejudice
110, Hungarian 111. • ,
Betting— Silver Garter, 15; Sugden, 15; Sal
vado, 8; Un Cadeau, 6; Parmenion, .4;-Montal
lade, 3; Alas. 5; Einstein, 15; Devereaux, 15.
TA,UTOBAir,PABK-Tuesday, April 2,
1901.— Weather showery. Track muddy.
2230. FIRST RACE— Mile .and a sixteenth;
Belling; four-year-olds .and- up; purse, J350.
Index, Horse,' \Vt, Jockey. St. '. %. Str. ,Fin.
21S0 Nilgar, 5. 122... V.. Hafley 3 18 1 10 16
2003 Estro, 6, 122 Bennett 7 '2h" 2 1 2 3*
13J6 Dare II, a, 122.. O'Connor 13 5 3 5 3 h
2200 "Whaleback. 5. 122.Fallhy 2 6 1 .4 3 - 4 2
2105 Kastaine, 5, 120 Ruiz 4- 8. 5 4 6 60
2169 William F, 4, H8.Conley 8 6 5 6 3 6 1,"
»«8 Faunette, 6, 120:. Murphy 5 " 7 2 -.7. 7 •
2222 Midian, 6, 122. ; ..Mounce 6 4 h Pulled up
Time— 1-16, :07 ; • '.4, - :24% ; %. :51 : %, 1 :16& ;
mile, 1:47%; 1 l-16m, , l:54» / 4. Good start. Won
easily. Second and, third driving. -Winner,
Mrs. P. E. Jones' b. g. by imp. Islington- Joy.
Nothing had a chance but the winner.' Whale
back no account. Midian bled. - Scratched—
Senator Matts 122, Romany 123. . ..':•»;•
Betting— Nilgar, '7;. Estro, 30;" Dare II. '7-2;
Whaleback, 10; Kastaine, , SO;' William F, 3;
Faunette, 5; Midian,. 14-5; -.; \i ;.,.,•¦ . ..
. .Special Dispatch to. The Call.
ANGELES, April 2. — Samuel M.
Shortridg£, who would Uke to be the.suc
cessor two. years hence of United States
Senator George C. Perkins, is in. the citv.
and wtille:he ts fnslsting that politics has
nothing: to Mo with.his visit. Republican
leaders generall>\are. shaking their hea^s
ana saying that '-Mr. "Shortridge has as
sumed a .eoyness y^haf. might be expected
under tne Circumstances, In order, not to
parade too publicly at this stage his am-
Ditions. Mr. Shorirldge, however, to-day
formally announced publicly .his cand<
dacy for X'nited States Senator.
"1 confess that'euch an honor would be
appreciated by me," said he, "and I in
tend to do my utpjost at the next regular
session of- tne Legislature to' carry ot
the prize. I 'have In the past been of some
service to the Kepublican party and have
never asked ior any reward. '
"So tar as this section of the State is
concerned," added Mr. Shortridge, ¦ "1
wquld, were i a member of the United
States Senate, do -what I could toward
securing an appropriation for a large ar
tillery post at San Pedro. Such a post
will have to be maintained there shortly
to protectthe breakwater now being con
structed by the- Government and the cli
matic conditions "down here are such that
the proposed site would be an ideal one
for the purpose. Ultimately, i expect to
eee San Pedro obtain a big part of the
Government, transport service, and its
share of the trans-Pacific trade, whic 1 !
now goes elsewhere. 1 believe in the im
provement of • the rivers and harbors of
the country and would, if elected a Sena
tor, do what I could to have - Calif Ornia
obtain all the funds necessary tor this
purpose." ¦ ' •
Mr. Shortridge said that while th3
knowledge had not come to him at firu
hand, he had every" reason, for believing
that Senator Perkins expected to be a
candidate for re-election.' and he believed
that San Francisco should by right have
one of the' two Senators, being inclined to
concede, Mr. Shortridge intimated, the
governorship next year to this end of the
State. The speaker had no hesitancy '"
saying that the Republican members ol
the Legislature from : San Francisco
would, two yearF hence, be for him for
Senator to a man.
..Questioned as to whether he is a can
didate for Mayor of San Francisco to suc
ceed James D. Phelan in November, Mr.
Shortridge would only say that he was in
the hands of his friends.
ENTERS THE RACE
FOR SENATOBSHIP
?
Samuel M. Shortridge For
mally Announces His
Candidacy. (
Returns a Noncommittal Heply When
• Asked if He Aspires to the
'" Mayoralty of San Frari
/'j; Cisco.
WOULD EXCLUDE
COMMON PEOPLE
Grov,e Johnson's Plan for
the. McKinley Reception
in Sacramento.
Favors the Issuing: of Invitations
to a Select Few to *
.- ¦ Meet the Nation's
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April . 2.— Grove L.
Johnson, a member of the legislative com
mittee on the Sacramento reception to
President' McKinley, has asked for the co
operation of the Municipal Board of Trus
tees in a plan which provides for the hold
ing of an exclusive reception in the As
sembly Chamber. According to the sug
gestion of Assemblyman - Johnson, • the
State Capitol is to be locked throughout
and admission is to be had through only
one entrance upon the presentation of in
vitatlops issued by the committee. '¦ -
The suggestion to invest .the reception
to the President with the appearance 1 of
exclusiveness has -given 'rise to a,tremen
dous protest on the part of the public, and
it is even threatened that the Ohio So
ciety • formed for the express purpose of
aiding In the entertainment of the Presi
dent at the Capitol will take action with
respect to it. Sacramentans recall the
visits of Presidents Grant, Hayes and
Harrison, when they were freely permit
ted to extend the "glad hand" direct, and
they rebel at i the suggestion * that they
may be denied the same privilege with
respect to President McKinley unless able
to secure favorable recognition at the
hands of the legislative committee. The
board of trustees, it is believed,. will de
cline to sanction the arrangement and all
hands^will be given an equal show at the
President If local sentiment is to prevail. •
• A- banquet and parade of school chil
dren - are among the features suggested
for the reception. • »';
¦ ¦ • ¦¦.-¦. -¦:•—. •— — r : : ' :¦ , . • •
PLANNING TO RECEIVE
"; PRESIDENT McKINI/EY
City Divided Into Districts and Col
¦ lectors to Start; Soon.
Messages by wire from Washington in
dicate that President McKinley has sug
gested several changes in the railway
schedule of his proposed outing and that
his suggestions have been referred to* the
railway managers. The proposed: changes
will riot affect the programme relating to
reception events in San Francisco beyond
cutting out the. scheduled trip around tne
bay on Monday, Mav ?0. ;
A meeting of the finance committee of
the Citizens' Committee for. the purpose
of raising funds to provide for the recep
tion of the President was held yesterday
afternoon at the rooms of the Board of
Trader The committee discussed the best
methods for securing, funds and decided to
issue a general letter, setting forth the
objects for which money is to be raised,
and to divide the city into districts and
appoint sub-committees for each dstrict.
An executive committee was appointed for
the purpose of districting the; city and ap
pointing the sub-committees. The com
mittee wlllmeet at an early date and. the
work of canvassing for funds be actively
pusned. ; ¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦•/-.¦¦¦ •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, April 2.— Tneoilor*
Schwartz, a pioneer rancher of Pleasant
Valley Nevada County, has a double who
not only goes about the State in the pre
tended garb of Mr. Schwartz, but carries
the logic of the situation so far as to con
tract bills in Mr. Schwartz's name and
make the arrangements for their payment
at th« Pleasant Valley abode of the real
Mr. Schwartz. This double has thus im
personated the Pleasant Valley farmer
for years. Bill after bill has com© to the
Schwartz home and his neighbors say
that they have come to be such a featura
of his dally life that the Schwartz house
hold would be lost without them.
Rev Wesley Peck of .Los Gatos former
ly lived In Grass Valley. Recently he re
ceived a visit from a man he believed to
be fanner Schwartz. The caller told his
host that he was a little short of cash
and he was promptly accommodated with,
$12 to pay his railroad fare to Grass Val
ley : He also represented to the minister
tha't he had been robbed of his clochinff
and spectacles in Watsonvllle. He needed
a pair of eyeglasses so that he could sea
to sign a^recelpt for the money. Mr. Peclc
took compassion upon him and lent tn«
visitor his own eyeglasses. v_
Some days having elapsed without th«
malls bringing him a $12 check or the re
turn of his glasses, the good pastor wrota
to Mr. Schwartz calling his attention to>
the oversight. The Pleasant Valley farm
er has added this little reminder to other
souvenirs contributed by Mr. Schwarta
No. 2. • . .,
Mr Schwartz has never seen his doubla
nor been able to catch him, but evidently
the fellow intends to make the most oC
his resemblance to the Nevada County
farmer. •..
PAYS THE DEBTS
OF HIS DOUBLE
Nevada County Farmer Vic
¦ tim of Some Stranger's
/Frauds.
. »
Besemblance of the Two Men Is So
Close That Even Intimate Friends j
Are Deceived by the J
Impostor. | j^_- I
BRUNSWICK DEFEATS
THE GRACK CORRIGAN
Long Shots -Get, Everything in Sight at
Tanforan— Marty Bergen First on
Silvertjarter— Olinthus Has a Fall
BY F. E. MULHOLIAND.
/=V AM HILDRETH stepped up to the
il-, bargain counter at Tanfo ran Park
' — 5^k yesterday and made a very proflt-
able purchase.' Just before the
two-year-old event was called,
Sam purchased Brunswick from trainer
William Murry for $3000, and. then , went
in the ring and bet enough on the young
ster at .odds of 6 to 1 to nearly,, wtn him
out. Barney Schreiber's black colt Corri
gan was' a wafm favorite for the scram-,
ble, with Domlnick on his back. Away
eighth, he took none too friendly to the
sloppy goi^g, and in. a hustling finish
Henry got Brunswick over the line first
by half a length in forty-nine seconds.
The winner,, a chestnut gelding by St.
Carle- Sloe, has shown some very fast
trials, and if he can handle weight and
go on, may cause trouble' down the line.
Not a tavorite escaped the slaughter,
which was something terrific. First came
Nilgar at 7 to 1, followed In succession by
Silver Garter, Brunswick, Granger,
Twinkler and Ada N, all at ripe, mellow
odds: Nilgar and Brunswick were the
only ones backed to any extent. ,
With the^ bulk of the coin played on
Midian, William F and Dare II, Nilgar
at odds of 7 spreadeagled his field in the
opening mile and a sixteenth selling run.
The winner was ridden by Hafley, a clever
exercise boy, who is occasionally seen in
the saddle. Estro. a 30 to 1 shot, finished
in front of Dare for the place. Midian,
the favorite, bled and was pulled up.
Marty Bergen, with the leg up on Silver
Garter, a 15 to 1 shot, turned up an easy
winner of the six furlong run following.
Bergen got his mount away, raced Un
Cadeau to a standstill, and with plenty in
reserve led out Sugden, another outsider,
more than two lengths. Salvado, ridden
by Henry, ran into the show. Montallade
was installed favorite, although not fond
of moist going. He was away poorly, and
made no showing. .
The fifth jump proved fatal to Olinthus,
the 9 to 10 favorite for the mile and three
quarter hurdle number. While moving
along smoothly in third position, he over
jumped the obstacle and horse and rider
went sprawling in the mud. At the start
"Stew" Peters, astride the 12 to 1 chance,
Granger, went out in the lead, and was
never caught. J O C finished a close
second; while May Boy came home a dis
tant third.
Jockey Wedderstrand piloted his first
winner for some time in Twinkler, which
horse captured the mile and an eighth
affair decided under selling conditions, at
odds of- 10 and 12 to 1. 'Passing Don Luis
.before" .the -stretch s was reached, the
Brutus gelding fairly reveled in the
slushy footing, beating Lizella four
lengths at the wire. Merops ¦ seems to
be of no account, for, again installed . a
favorite, he finished back in the ruck,
Pat Dunne's Bonnie- Lissak • fell' easy
prey to Ada N in the closing seven furlong,
outing for fillies, with- but four facing the
Issue. The last time Ada N was out she
made a disgraceful showing 1 , but yester
day with Dominick up was touted as "oil
from the can." She experienced no diffi
culty' in heading Maresa, and won from
Ponnie in a common country jog. Sinn
apDeared outclassed.
Track Notes.
Lenhart, who rode Gilberto, had one leg
badly crushed when the horse fell taking
the last jump. The boy was removed to
a hospital. "
Lakeside races open on April 15. ,
:
To-Day's Entries.
First race—Six furlongs; ' three-year-olds;
selling.. , ': / • .
2228 Merida .107i 2198 Cath. Bravo ..107
• ...: Rowden 109f 21f6 Matilda O 107
2042 Quibo ." 109 1657 Cousin Carrie..107
2078 SJsenvine >.....104 2212.Mam. Hilflreth.107
2218 Berendos" ....s.. 112 2212 The Gafflr ....109
! 219» Master-Cat^;. 100 2228 Thornwjld 103
Second race— Four furlongs; maiden two-year
olds;,. purse. .... u*.*.,. ... i *.?¦
2201 Barklvite'..i..:ilO .2141 Achilles..', 113
: 2165 Phyllis : ". . :: .'. ...lW 2179 Yrsula 110
• Wandering Boyll3 2201 Frank Bain ...108
2189 Tioa , 110 "2123 Loulette .......110
2225 Carlo ...........108 2189 Hainault .».-.... 110
2179 Dan Collins.... 110 . •- ,-. ¦ '¦¦ ¦.
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling. ••*'.. i' 1 '?. ¦'_.
(2097)The Buffoon.... 108 2194 Osmond 112.
'2*18 Vain 103 (2223) Goldone Ill
2193 Br. Anderson.. 106 2219 Moringa 112'
'¦ 2219 Walkenshaw ..115 2210 Bogus Bill 10S
2210 Lavator :...112 2186 Rio "Chlco 112
2153 Maydlne 106 , • - s
I Fourth, race— Four furlongs; ' maiden two
year-olds; purse.
2177 Musique 110 2179 Priam 103
1703 Charrette • 113 2099 Remele 108
2177 Royally '..10j 2201 Dandy 108
2116'You You 110 2189 Phil Crimmins.113
2213 Oratossa .......105 2179 Porous 113
2201 Silesian 110 2010 Sister Abbie ..105
Fifth- race-^Slx furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling. .
2194 Ricardo Ill 2002 Pilot 108
•2156 Fidel Youlin . . .. 100t 2226 The Singer ....108
2032 Spry Lark 103 2211 March Seven ..106
2206 Perhaps : Ill 2172 Dolore 109
2109 Loconomo 109 2143 TDr. Marks Ill
2025 Pongo .1111 2197 Sweet Willlam.lll
Sixth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling. • •• - -•«
2118 Duckby "... 108 2153 Clarando 109
2217 Mike Strauss. ..10S 2197 Genua 109
(2197)Jennie .....103 (2258) Vantine 106
2208 Saul of TarsuslOS 2001 Daniel 108
2306 Santa, Lucia..,. 109 1936 Urchin 108
2206 John ' Welch 10S 2206 Gold Finder ...108
Probable Winners.
I First race^-Master Cal, Mamie " Hildreth,
R*y\Men. -'* •
Second race— Barklylte, Hainault, Phyllis.
Third race— Walkcnshaw; Bogus Bill, Vain.
Fourth race— Sllesian, Phil Xrlmmihs, You
Tou. ' .
. Fifth race— The Singer, March Seven, Dolore.
Sixth race— Jennie^ Mike Strauss^ Vantine.
Eastern Racing.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— Summary of racing
at Bennings: " - ...
First rate handicap, five furlongs— Elotm
won. Prosit second, Scurry third. Time,* 13)3.
Second race, four-and;.a half furlongs— Dolce
Fai" Xeinte won, iaracor second,: Alum '.Water
third. Time. :58 2-a. • -'¦/'¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦•
Third race, six ¦ furlongs^-Robert ¦<¦ Waddell
won Moor Becond, Presgrave third. Time,
1:16*1-5.
Fourth race, four -furlongs— Athola' won.
Miracle II second. Serpent third. Time, :51 1-5.
Fifth race; seveil ; furlongs, selling— Scorpio
von. Animosity ; second, . Curtseys third. , Time,
1:29 2-5. " • ' ¦' ¦¦''.' .' :
.Sixth race, one. mile and a sixteenth— Charley
Moore won, Charawlnd second, Matt Simpson
thjrjl... Time, 1:52 2-5. : ' .. -'.^ ..:¦';.
; MEMPHIS, ; Tenn.. April 2.— Results: \
First race, five -furlongs, eelllng— MacLaren
won. Myra.ilorcJlo- second, -Alex Pearson third.
Time, 1:06%. . i
' Second race, four furlongs — Aranzas won,
Ernest Partiam second. The Way third. Time,
•J54H.-. . :.;',. . '-' '"¦• •¦. :
Third race, six ' furlongs, Tennessee Club
purse — Ottsor won. W. J. Deboe second, Alard
Scheck third. Time, 1:18%.
Fourth race, one mile— Strangest won, Louis
ville second, filr Gatian ttiird. Time, 1:49%.
Fifth race, steeplechase, about one mile and.
a quarter — Angus won. Miss - Ransom second;
Sallust third. Time. 3:05.
Sixth race, five furlongs, selling— Braw Lad
won,' " Educate second, ' Dave " " Waldo third.
Time. 1:0614. . , . --'h'l:f
¦ m
Polo in the Park.
The Burlingame polo players will ap
pear before the. San Francisco public this
afternoon provided the rain has passed to
come another day. .• Should it rain dur
ing the early morning hours the game will
be postponed. ' The site selected for this
polo match is the Recreation -grounds, the
green opposite the Olympic Club grounds.
Many Valuable Dogs Will Be Entered
> in the Kennel Competitions to Be
Held in This City Next Month
RARE CANINES FOR.
ANNUAL BENCH SHOW
THE ; S AN;'. FR ANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; APRIL 'J 3, 1901.
CALL'S.RACING FORM CHART.
Chief.
4
Cereal
: The most .wholesome and
nutritious substitute for cpU
Cee and tea. \
Made from the choicest
California /figs, prunes and
selected grains.
A delicious; strengthening
beverage— holds its delicate
flavor;;to the bottom of the
¦ Physicians recommend
Figprune.
All grocers sell it
A Weak Stomacli
Disordered nerves make a*disord'ered stomach; and .when the
stomach fails to work the^whole machinery of life is turned topsy*
turvy, j^ You .may doctor the stomach all youplease*but if you do
; not quiet the nervous irritation and strengthen the tired train-cells
it wilTdo'no good. The best 'remedy; in the world for disordered
nerves and.ajweakened stomach is Dr. • Miles'. Nervine.
V. /"I was nerrous, restless, could not sleep, had neuralgia and"
other ailments affecting my stomach, and when I tried to eat
I suffered great distress., I grew thin and wasted, and had
about given up in despair, when my daughter told me about
Dr. Miles' Nervine. : I felt better after a few doses, and
wassbonableto eat anything I wanted. "It restored my ' \
healthcbmpletely^^ Silas G. Hict«|x, Healdaburg, Calif.
Df^.'MIes 9 Netvlne
Is a nerve-.toniciand braini-food without an ' equal^anywuere; and
; it cures where everything else, has faUed Try it
Sold by drpggista on a guarantee. Ps. Kxtss Ujbdicu, Co.". EEcharv tad
• ~~_-.- ....
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Most Eemarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vjgor
; to Men..'. .. .
A Free Trial Package Sent by fflall
: to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
rr- ble remefly are. being' mailed to all who
i =wlU write the State Medical'- Institute
{ They cured so many men who haC bat-
tled for years against the -mental and
i physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write It
is a home treatment, and all men 'who
suffer from any form of sexual weakness
.'resulting from youthful folly, premature
. • loss of strength and memory, weak back.
• varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
'¦" cure themselves at home. •
v. .The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and Seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just "where It is heeded
It .cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an. .absolute buc-
• tess in all cases.' A request to the State
Medical' Institute. 328 Elektron building-
¦ Fprt Wayne. Ind.. stating that you desire
on^pf_JJh£lr_Iree. trial nackag-es^-will be
•: complied with promptly. The Institute is
desirous of reaching that great class of
- men who are unable to leave home to b«
'treated, and the ¦ free sample " will enable
¦ . them to Bee ho-* easy it is to be cured of
¦ sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are -employed,- The Institute makes
:no restrictions. Any man who writes will
¦- be sent a free sample, carefully sealed
In a plain package, so that Its recipient
• need have no fear of embarrassment or
;.-; publicity. Readers are requested to. writeat Havana cables. th*s War Department
the_ following death report to March 31:
Columbia barracks, 21st, Private; Joseph
P. Ellis, Seventh Cavalry, tubular pneu
monia; Camp McKenzle. 21st, Prlvata
George O. Hunt, Eighth Cavalry, gunshot
wound. . :, .
Cuban Death Report.
WASHINGTON, April 2.-General Wood
VERONA,. Italy.i April 2.— Count /von
Bulow was ¦ met . here : : thls afternoon by
Guiseppe Zanardelli. The German . Chan
cellor went to the carriage of the Premier,
which was- waiting at the railway station,
and a short interview ensued between- the
two statesmen. On separating. they shook
hands several times. Count von Bulow
returned to Venice and Slgnor Zanardelll
to Modena. ¦ ¦
GERMAN. CHANCELLOR MET
•BY PREMIER OF ITALY
Count von. Bulow Shakes Hands
, With Guiseppe Zanaidelli at : ;
¦' ¦ . -¦'¦-,¦;.'':'..' 'Verona.-,' -."'.
"This is St. Louis!". she declared. "This
Is the kind of a city you've grot. Oh, I
must come back and clean these places
out. I can smash if I can't do anything
else. The women of this city will help
me, I know." . ; .-
The crowd cheered and Sauerburger be
came more excited than ever. He grabbed
a seltzer bottle and shook it In Mrs. Na
tion's face. She did not move. He drew
his revolver and told her to leave . or he
would-shoot her. and; somebody, else, too.
She made her way to the street and made
a speech to the; crowd there.
Some women In the throng about Mrs.
Nation yelled. "Yes you do, too; you ruin
hundreds of families." -':. ¦•¦ .
"But you're ruining other families," re
plied Mrs. Nation, ¦ shaking her • fists in
Sauerburger' s face.
"No, I'm not," he replied. "I don't In
vite anybody in here. I didn't ask this
crowd to come.".:
"I don't believe any lady would do as
you are doing," he shouted. "You're sell
ing your soul. worse than: I- am. - I'll bet
you. that my wife and I are a good deal
happier than ' you are with your husband.
Answer me, don't you think so?" . .
Between the cigar and the rose incidents
Mrs. Nation ate a breakfast of rolls,
sausage and coffee in the second-class
waiting-room, - visited two - Market-street
saloons, engaged -In heated arguments
with the bartenders and was t flnally forced
from the Nation. saloon, which she visited
on her previous passage . through St.
Louis, at the point of a- loaded -revolver
In the handa of' the proprietor, Joseph
Sauerburger. i . ; .
•: Mrs. Nation started on her saloon tour
with only. one companion. After visiting
the place of J. • W. • Kaup she went to the
Nation saloon at Sixteenth and Market
streets, which she visited a week. ago.
The doors were unlocked and she .walked
In.. A crowd that packed the saloon gath
ered about Mrs. - Nation when she • began
to talk to Joseph Sauerburger, who grew
excited and began to argue angrily.
• Sh3 arrived from Indianapolis ; over, the
Big Four, this morning and left later; for
Kansas City, over the Wabash. She said
she -was going home to attend' to the cases
that are pending there cgalnst her. : She
says she will never lecture for money any
more, as she did In Cincinnati. ; The lec
tures -did not pay, "and 'she says she, is
glad they did not, and added: "I'll keep
on talking and working. ~ Maybe ¦- I'll
smash. I expect I will. But I won't go
on the lecture platform, ho, no; I don't
like that." ... • , : ,1
Mra.~ Nation's first act on arriving In the
city was to knock a cigar from the mouth
of a man who permitted the smoke to
blo^w in her face. Her. last act, as she was
boarding her train, was to give an Amer
ican Beauty rose to a man named Engle
hart from Chicago,*- who had two black
ened eyes. ¦ She told him she would pray
for him that he might lead a better life.
t'These , things will bo different „ some
day," she declared... "Look _ out for mo
after I get out from under. bond in Kan
sas. : I'll close . these ; hellholes If I . have
to - come back and smash every one of
them." r*1i&Kf*fiSfflSXSlif^ffit
.; ; ST." LOUIS, April 2.— Mrs. Carrie Nation
of Kansas spent I another 1 hour and a . half
In St. Louis to-day and . left ln'cTisgusf at
the things she saw and the treatment she
received.. . • . .- .» ¦ -. ' .' ¦...:¦¦.: - -."¦¦'- ;.-.. '.
Lady From Kansas ; Will Not Return
to Lecture Platform, /but Intends
to Inaugurate Anotker -^ .
Hatchet Campaign.
St; Louis Saloon Man Forces
, Her to Leave at Point
of Loaded Pistol;
CARRIE NATION
MEETS WATERLOO
Steamer Movements.
NOTE — In tbe above exposition of the tides
the early morning; tides are given in the , left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tbe order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
, CONSTANTINOPLE; April 2.— An earth
quake • at Cape " Kaliakra. . on the " Black*
Sea, March' 31, destroyed the 1 , lighthouse
there. .
Temblor, Destroys Lighthouse.
FOREIGN PORTS.
¦ LIVERPOOL-Arrived April 1— Ship Dirigo,
hence Oct 20.
MANILA— Arrived - March 2S-^Br stmr Car
marthenshire, i i 111 ¦<! EMtfurifc I *J|* »<¦— fl
HAMBURG— Sailed March 17— Ger itmr Am
mon. for- San FranciBco, and; passed . Dover,
March 19.. - .„;•-..¦ ¦-.,.:.
HIOGO— Sailed Feb 17— Br ' stmr Adato. . for
Astoria, Oi 'W'H>' ¦n^M*«iMf>ljt»»"¥; | i'>Mij<lltfM|
ANTWERP— Arrived March ; 80— Ger bark
T ACOMA-Salled March ' 20-Br ; ship Scottish
Glens, for' Queenstown. Cleared March 30— Br
ship Laomrae. for Queenstown. - ' v&ma''i|ifl|Ba|
SEATTLE— Arrived • April 3— Stmr Robert
Robert Dollar, hence March . 27; stmr Victo
rian, from Alaska.. .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed . April 2— Bktn Jans
L Stanford, for 'Adelaide. Arrived— Bktn Chas
F Crocker, from . g"y°»!&aa»">wiWBM
EUREKA— Arrived April 5— Stmr Eureka,
hence April l. Sailed— Schr Sparrow, for San
Francisco. ¦ <
CASPAR— Sailed ' April 2— Stmr Samoa, for
Ean Pedro. ' ;• . ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Per ship Star of Russia, from LahaJna, April
1— Sailed March 13; experienced light northeast
winds to 28 N long, 160 Wlat: thence variable
winds and light to 24 N long. 12S W lat; thence
to xx>rt Btrong gale from north to northwest.'
Sirred bark Hunter in 34.23 N long, 128.30 W
la also schr Beulah, in 34.23 N long, 126.50 W
lat. - .-.-¦...¦¦¦¦. . ¦ . 4
MEMORANDUM.
POINT LOBOS, April 2—10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy, wind west; velocity 18 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC,
; Tuesday, April 1.
Etmr Bonlta. Nopander, Ean Pedro.
Stmr Valencia. Graham, Orca.
Stinr Roaaoke. Weaver, - Panama.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland,' Santa Cruz.
Etmr Navarro. Hanson, . ". ¦ ¦
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Willapa Harbor.
Schr Jennie Griffin, CamDbell. Bodega.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen. Coqullle River.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen.- Grays Harbor.
Schr Bella, Harden. Sluslaw River.
Bktn Fremont, Kelton, Unjta.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April I.
Etmr TTmatilla, Cousins, ES hours from^Victo
rla and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Fulton, Levlnson, 68 hours from Grays
Harbor. •
etmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 14 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr National City, Dettmere, 14 hours from
Fort Brace.
• Etmr tVasntenaw, Zolllng:, 82 hours from Ta
coma.
Ger rtmr Pentaur, Peterson, IK days from
Hamburg, 6 days IS hours from Mazatlan.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, E5 hours from
Chemalnus.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 24 hours from
Timber Cove.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April J.
Etmr Hyades, Garlich, Chemalnus; C T Row
ring & Co.
- Stmr * Queen, ¦ Thorns, Ban Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; O. R. and
N. Co.
Stmr Roanoke, Weaver, Panama; Panama S
S Line.
Fr ship Cap Horn, Hamon, Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Bktn Benicla, Bowes, Honolulu: Williams,
DImond & Co.
Brig Lurllne, Shaube. Kahulul; Alexander &
Baldwin.
Shipping Intelligence.
. ARRIVED.
- The French chip Cap Horn cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with 83,214 ctls
wheat, valued at $90,420. and 40,000 feet lumber
as dunnage, valued at . $600.
Wheat Shipment.
The Star of Russia /will load lumber on Fa
cet Sound for Sydney at 62s 6d, option of Mel
bourne or Adelaide, 60s, or Port Pirie, BSs 9d;
chartered prior to arrival.
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Adolph Harris, wife and eon; J. C. Smith,
Miss E. Peterson, William Shipsey, Clyde
Mathews, Samuel Orleans and wife, Mrs.
Bayne. H. E. Humphreys, F. Haller, W. Lewis
and wife, James Allen. Gustav Sass, T. T.
Fltzmaurice, C. Dennison, James Cahlll, T.
H. Van Marer, E. FInst. John Walsh, A." W.
Berg-lund. E. Andrew, Thomas Langan, . Ru
dolph Flacher,' Patrick O'Brien, R. Rasmus
sen, wife and child; George Hoag, Frank
Johnson, R. S. Baird, Joseph Cholnlere, John
Doolan, D. Kelly. J. Blake. J. Pendergast,
Thomas A. Martin. Patrick Layne. R. Will
iamson, F. G. Stonehouse, George Storehouse,
C. Williams, John Young and C. W. Acheson.
The Kllpatrick is to sail Friday and the
Logan on the 15th inst. The former will
take away three battalions of the Elev
enth Infantry, two companies of the First
Infantry and a number of recruits, mem
bers of the hospital corps and nurses.
The Logan will take away two companies
of the First Infantry, three squadrons of
the Ninth Cavalry, two squadrons of the
Tenth Cavalry and one battalion of the
Eleventh Infantry. The Ohio will get
away next week and the Aztec, Thyra
and Samoa are ready for freight and
horses and will be hurried away as quick
ly as possible. . ¦ ¦ •
The Panama" -Railroad Company's
steamship Roanoke got away for Panama
yesterday afternoon. She took away for
ty-eight cabin and thirty-eight steerage
paseng-ers, besides 2280 tons of freight.- A
few of -the steerage passengers are dis
charged soldiers on their way home to
New York and Chicago. The cabin pas
sensrers were:
Water Front Notes.
ruary 3 last. This was 59 days ago and
In the meantime the Pactolus has - dis
charged, made the run to New "Whatcom
and is now ready to sail for Cape Town
with a load of lumber.
The McDonald may have been partly
dismasted In a sale, and if so she may
yet come into port. Again contrary winds
may have caused Captain Watts to come
via Cape of Good Hope, and in that event
sho is only about due. If, however, tho
coal cargo caught fire the chances for the
captain and crew showing up are not very
blight.
. CAGALARI— Arrived March ' 28-Br stmr
Chins Wo, from Portland. ,
. . ' OCEAN STEAMERS.
BOSTON— Arrived April 2— Stmr Montevld
ean, from Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 2— Stmr Cevic, for
Liverpool : Btmr Werra, for Naples, etc. ; • stmr
Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse, for Bremen, via
Southampton and Cherbourg. Arrived April 2
—Stmr Sicllla, from Naples, etc.
CAGLIARI— Arrived March 2S— Stmr Chlng
"Wo. from . Portland, Or., ..via St. Vincent, C.
V.. and Naples.
BOULOGNE— Arrived April 2— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam.
BROWHEAD— Passed April 2— Stmr Oceanic,
from j New York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool. . . «-¦ •' •' ' ¦' •. ¦
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Anrll 2— Stmr Domin
ion, from Portland, Maine. .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived April 2— Stmr Pots
'dani, from New York. ' - -
SYDNEY, N -S W— Arrived April 2— Stmr
Warrimoo. from Vancouver, . B. C, via Hono
lulu and Brisbane. . <
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 8, 1:30 a, m.
—Stmr Oceanic, from New York, for. Liver
pool. ' • . . •"."''•"
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 3 — Stmr .
"Waesland, - from Philadelphia, for Liverpool,
and proceeded, without communlcatinK . with
the coast on account of the storm.
Sun, Moon and ; Tide.
TJnlted • States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times ; and . Heights of High and . Low
"Waters at Fort Point, ; entrance to ' San
Francisco - Bay. -Published by official au
' thorlty of the Superintendent. ,
NOTE— The high . and . low waters | occur | at
th« cliy - front (Mission-street wharf) about,
twenty-flve minutes later : than ' at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THE arrival of several of the over
due fleet at points in Oregon, Ja
pan and South America does not
tend to lessen the anxiety over the
failure of the American ship John
McDonald to put In an appearance at this
port. She is now out 202 days from Balti
more vrith a cargo of coal, and while the
p mount of insurance involved is not very
great, the underwriters are willing: to pay
a premium of 65 per cent to get rid of the
risk.
The John McDonald Is one of. the ves
sels purchased from Flint & Co. of New
York last year by the California Shipping
Company. This concern is now the larg
est owner of "wind Jammers" in the world
and carries its own insurance on the hulls.
¦When the May Flint was rammed by the
Iowa and sunk in the harbor the share
holders took ths loss philosophically. Man
aging Owner Mighell remarking that the
money paid to Insure Its entire fleet for
a year would buy two new ships. The
cargo and freight money of the John Mc-
Donald is covered, however, and that sum
is what reinsurance is being paid on.
The bark Pactolus is also owned by the
California Shipping: Company and is com
manded by Captain Watts, a brother of
the master of the John McDonald. The
two had not met for years until Decem
ber 6, 1900, when both -were right off the
Horn. It was in latitude 56 degrees south.
longitude 67 west, that the two captains
found their vessels within a mile of each
other. For once 'the cape of storms was
in a kindly mood and there was no wind
and a smooth sea. Captain Watts of the
John McDonald signaled his brother to
come aboard, and the latter was not long
in »omplying. After an hour's chat a
breeze sprang up. so the brothers separ
ated. The John McDonald was under way
and several miles ahead before the cap
tain of the Pactolus could get aboard and
make a start. During the night the two
versels lost each other and the Pactolus
came on, making- San Francisco on Feb-
THE OVERDUE AMERICAN SHIP JOHN McDONALD AND THE BARK PACTOLUS MEETING 'OFF CAPE HORN
ON DECEMBER 6 LAST. THE CAPTAINS OF THE VESSELS ARE BROTHERS AND HADNOT MET FOR
YEARS. ~'X \ " ¦ i.:vir>*S<- '¦-'--. c^uS '££ S ; .' 3 -S: : ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3, 1901.
Bertha, from Tacoma. la port April 1— Ger
ship Henrietta, for San Francisco.
BARROW— Arrived March 3!>-Ger ship. Al
tai r, from Portland, Or. :' .,'*•' '-
COLON— Arrived March ' 30— Stmr Winifred,"
Norfolk. ' '
FLEKTWOOD- In ¦ port March * 21— Br ship
Afon Alaw. .
CAPE SPARTELr-Passed March 31-Br stmr
Kalsow, from . Portland. <
VALPARAISO— In Dort Feb 10— Ital bark
Emilia Clampa, for Iqulque and Honolulu. Jan
11— Br bark Chipperkyle, "for Iqulque and ' San
Francisco. - Sailed April 3-Schr Carrier Dove,
for Port TownsendV • • "• •
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 1&-Br Btmr In
dravelll, for Oregon. Sailed • March : 30— Ger
bark MasdaJena, _ f or Oregon.
SYDNEY— Sailed March 25— Br atmr Aorangl,
for Vancouver. *¦ . ; :.-¦. .¦¦••" ¦'.'.
NAN AIMO— Arrived = AdHI 1-Stmr San Ma
teo,- from -Port' Los Angeles; April 2— Nor Btmr
Titanla, hence March 28. - ¦¦•- '- ' ' v
SHIELDS— Sailed - April 1— Br ship Armida,
for . . :¦¦ • ¦ •¦; ¦¦< ¦¦¦¦¦¦•'¦ • -
MEETING OFF THE STORMY HORN
PERHAPS THEIR LAST ON EARTH
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3.
5
Sun rises ......;...... .......5:52
Sun sets ....6:Si
Moon rises (full).... 0:00 p. m.
M Time ' Time " Time Time
p , Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
? . L. W H "W ¦ L. W H W
8 ... 6:06 1.0 11:33 4.9 6:01 1.5 11:34 6.4
4... 6:38 0.7 12:24 .4.8 6:32 .1.8 11:59 5.4
5 ... ' 6:11 0.5 1:06 4.6 6:01 2.1.
H W " Li W ¦ ¦ • ¦ H W ¦¦ L W
6..: 0:20 6. 3 6:49 0.4 1:50 4.5 6:33 2.4
7... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 .2:38 4.4 7:06 2.8
8... 1:16 6.2 S:ll 0.4 3:30 4.3 7:50 3.2
9 ... 1:50] 6.1 9:00 0.4 4:24 4.3 8:4l|t 3.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Costa Rica
Hawaiian
Kmpire
Rainier
Marlposa
Corona
City of Sydney.
San 'Pedro
Arcata.. ........
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa.....
Newburg
Coronado
North Fork
Cr*«cent City...
Nome City
Eureka..:.'.....
Santa Barbara.
Zealandla
Chas. D. Lane..
G. W. Elder....;
Progreso..'
Arequlpa
Pomona..........
City of Para..
State of.Cal...
Titanla..........
Queen
Matteawan .....
Bcnita..
Ventura
Et. Paul........
Alliance
China..
Robert Dollar..
Acapulco ........ .......I
New York...
Coos' Bay r.f.l
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Honolulu ;.
Newport
Psnama & Way Ports
Huraboldt
Coos Bay
Point Arena
San Dleuro
Grays Harbor
Grays' Harbor"
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt ¦..
Humboldt ;
Santa Barbara ..
Honolulu- -
Seattle ¦..;;*
Portland and 'Astoria.;
Tacoma .;-.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Humboldt "..'.... :...
Panama & Way Ports
Puget Sd & Way Ports
Nanalmo
San Diego .............
Tacoma ...-.
Newport -*
Sydney & Way Ports..
New York via Panama
Portland & Coos Bay..
China and Japan.
Seattle ¦¦¦"
Apr. 3
Apr. - 8
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. .4
Apr. ; 4
Apr. -4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 6
Apr. 6
Apr.. 5
Apr. 5
Apr. 5
Apr. 6
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7.
Apr: ; 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. ."9
Apr. 9
:eamer.
Destination.
ISalls.
Pier.
Santa Barbar.' H umboldt w am
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma X J Jg
P O^So^a y "" Coquilie- River .... 5 pm
aSSS Humboldt .......... :J m
PnlSmbia TJllamook .= Bay ... 13 . m
Queen Astoria & Portland 11 am
Queen......... gaQ D1 , g0 ...... 9 am
April 4.
Nome City... s a n Pedro 12:,m
Fulton.... Grays Harbor .... 6 pm
April 5. .
Corona Newport ¦..¦....:.'...: 9'am
Empire.. Coos Bay.. 5 pm
. ¦•' ;~« ¦••" .-: c April G. . • i|
Arcata... Coos Bay .......... 12 ml
Eureka....... HumbolCt 9 am
nmiJnfa Honolulu....... 2 pm
patina...... p ug . e f Sound Ports 11 am
Point Arena* Seattle & N.vWhat. 6 pm
A?-S,.ir^ Polnt Arena ....... 3 pm
A-reaulpa Valparaiso & Way 12 - m
, April 7. I ¦
San Pedro.... Humboldt .......... 10 am
Curacao....... Mexican Ports..:... 10 am
Coronado..... Grays- Harbor. r.:... 6 pm
tCorth Fork.. Humboldt".. 9 am
Santa Rosa.. San Diego :;..; 9 am
-. April 8. .
Cty of Sydney Panama" & ' "Way.. . 12 { m
3. AV. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am
Newburs....; Grayi Harbor....".:.! — pm
-- !.. - . ; .April O. ,-.,
H'gk'ng Maru China & Japan | 1 pm
Bonlta. ....... I Newport,. ;;:........ j a am
[Pier • 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier 13
Pier 21
Pier 11
I Pier 2
[ Pie f T
I Pier U
! p ; er13
IPier 13
I Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier s 2
S.W. 2
IPier "2
Pier. 11
Pier -2
Pier * 3
Pier 11
IPMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
PMSS-
Pier U
Sun rises ......;...... .......5:52
Sun sets ....6:Si
Moon rises (full).... 0:00 p. m.
M Time ' Time " Time Time
p , Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
? . L. W H "W ¦ L. W H W
8 ... 6:06 1.0 11:33 4.9 6:01 1.5 11:34 6.4
4... 6:38 0.7 12:24 .4.8 6:32 .1.8 11:59 5.4
5 ... ' 6:11 0.5 1:06 4.6 6:01 2.1.
H W " Li W ¦ ¦ • ¦ H W ¦¦ L W
6..: 0:20 6. 3 6:49 0.4 1:50 4.5 6:33 2.4
7... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 .2:38 4.4 7:06 2.8
8... 1:16 6.2 S:ll 0.4 3:30 4.3 7:50 3.2
9 ... 1:50] 6.1 9:00 0.4 4:24 4.3 8:4l|t 3.2
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Costa Rica
Hawaiian
Kmpire
Rainier
Marlposa
Corona
City of Sydney.
San 'Pedro
Arcata.. ........
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa.....
Newburg
Coronado
North Fork
Cr*«cent City...
Nome City
Eureka..:.'.....
Santa Barbara.
Zealandla
Chas. D. Lane..
G. W. Elder....;
Progreso..'
Arequlpa
Pomona..........
City of Para..
State of.Cal...
Titanla..........
Queen
Matteawan .....
Bcnita..
Ventura
Et. Paul........
Alliance
China..
Robert Dollar..
Acapulco ........ .......I
New York...
Coos' Bay r.f.l
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Honolulu ;.
Newport
Psnama & Way Ports
Huraboldt
Coos Bay
Point Arena
San Dleuro
Grays Harbor
Grays' Harbor"
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt ¦..
Humboldt ;
Santa Barbara ..
Honolulu- -
Seattle ¦..;;*
Portland and 'Astoria.;
Tacoma .;-.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Humboldt "..'.... :...
Panama & Way Ports
Puget Sd & Way Ports
Nanalmo
San Diego .............
Tacoma ...-.
Newport -*
Sydney & Way Ports..
New York via Panama
Portland & Coos Bay..
China and Japan.
Seattle ¦¦¦"
Apr. 3
Apr. - 8
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. .4
Apr. ; 4
Apr. -4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 6
Apr. 6
Apr.. 5
Apr. 5
Apr. 5
Apr. 6
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7.
Apr: ; 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 7
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. 8
Apr. ."9
Apr. 9
:eamer.
Destination.
ISalls.
Pier.
Santa Barbar.' H umboldt w am
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma X J Jg
P O^So^a y "" Coquilie- River .... 5 pm
aSSS Humboldt .......... :J m
PnlSmbia TJllamook .= Bay ... 13 . m
Queen Astoria & Portland 11 am
Queen......... gaQ D1 , g0 ...... 9 am
April 4.
Nome City... s a n Pedro 12:,m
Fulton.... Grays Harbor .... 6 pm
April 5. .
Corona Newport ¦..¦....:.'...: 9'am
Empire.. Coos Bay.. 5 pm
. ¦•' ;~« ¦••" .-: c April G. . • i|
Arcata... Coos Bay .......... 12 ml
Eureka....... HumbolCt 9 am
nmiJnfa Honolulu....... 2 pm
patina...... p ug . e f Sound Ports 11 am
Point Arena* Seattle & N.vWhat. 6 pm
A?-S,.ir^ Polnt Arena ....... 3 pm
A-reaulpa Valparaiso & Way 12 - m
, April 7. I ¦
San Pedro.... Humboldt .......... 10 am
Curacao....... Mexican Ports..:... 10 am
Coronado..... Grays- Harbor. r.:... 6 pm
tCorth Fork.. Humboldt".. 9 am
Santa Rosa.. San Diego :;..; 9 am
-. April 8. .
Cty of Sydney Panama" & ' "Way.. . 12 { m
3. AV. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am
Newburs....; Grayi Harbor....".:.! — pm
-- !.. - . ; .April O. ,-.,
H'gk'ng Maru China & Japan | 1 pm
Bonlta. ....... I Newport,. ;;:........ j a am
[Pier • 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier a
Pier 13
Pier 21
Pier 11
I Pier 2
[ Pie f T
I Pier U
! p ; er13
IPier 13
I Pier 13
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier s 2
S.W. 2
IPier "2
Pier. 11
Pier -2
Pier * 3
Pier 11
IPMSS
Pier 24
Pier 2
PMSS-
Pier U
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"^.- V. . ; j^THE^^BlgPOBITTM. . | TBUS EJCPOEITTM. . . — . ._'.¦. THE , EMPOBIUaL^ ¦ .
| Easter Cards fHf Fftf PHi&ill V^M ra y er Books , ;|
S and Booklets iii^ r***** "*¦ tl|f|- and Bibles \
%> Book Department— Mate^Floor CALIFORNIA'S LARaEST--AWERiCA-s orandest store Department Store Prices >i
J The preth Easier decqrcUicns' of the big store are much admired and the Gay 5
bJJ? Canev Island sJww,. on the second 'v floor, Has : its daily throng of visitors > young and oid, «
J But the: greatest attraction of people r wlio com^here daily is the J
% stupendous display of Spring Mercliandm at the fascinatingly low pices which, our large %
$ business at 'small profits alone 'makes possible. 5c
I Belt Buakle Sale. flew Easter Gloves S
*Nsyer Such VaiUBS Before* From World's Best Makers. $
i>~'-\ >— *^>—^ On sale tO-day Onlyj nearly 2OOO ''Every new ity'e for Spring and -—^— — 4k "5
K 4^2£^ra1&\ r , ¦ , -d i t> 1 1 every n:\v shade to match the bright- L.» -J ; " °2
X j^^^^^^W nCWCSt Sty Buckles at hus j [ Spring costumi , m her; . s O "5
®&M§fj3rai^ ]cSS *"» half P rice ' We bou g ht Ladiei'two-chspSuedet— Fast black, J&yft } -J
4? .- .-,""'-¦'' , , with white embroidired backs ysSS/Ul '¦ "3
tf V^i^^RiP/ from one . of the largest and best . . c « nn j& f 7$d&\ st, W% -z
Ev ¦'•;_. ' known silversmiths in • New York Reynler, 3-daap Suede Filet or ; «lk V^a 3»
Jt" <^^^V^5M\ , . .-,.•-.- . t, , embroidered b»cki; black, gray H \ -5
$ /^^^^^i of'nmjllc Belt tnimoie ..$1.50 \v. j A,Q J
*' Buckles — more than 12 gross. The .Monarch Pique Suedei; 2-cLup, ' II I m,
it W&(&mg$Mm , v e v - : " • Pirli point btckaj black, mode \!«/"\| >7 >
B? styles are those for ths coming sea- . uig^ y .....$t.75 \\\ /\ *
K/; 7^jP?^*r*'- gon, both in gold and: oxidized cf- Trefousse Kque . Suedei; newest I 1 */ J J
I. ' * ' thadej—^-pair 32*00 ' I t\ / M\ 5
* ¦ -tjd^^t^^t fects, and hundreds of them with fine Empress Glace'kid" Glove*— Tvro I \Y ,3 t **'
5f -l 1^^^^?^^ 1^}. rhincstorie settings. We have divid- clasp, in fine ' embroidered backs, 6 \./ ,¦$$¦' "«
% ed this great purchase into seven lots, otoi «rf te tek-j*^ ... J r # -Jto >
lf. ; • ' ' and have marked them at : the follow- Prenil'er* G'ice GloTei— Cable'tewa ' / •* Ar M^ 1 ' '
•K A ¦ ¦*• ing prices, which are. less than hall and 3 patent fastener*, la new y 4 <? $ J $
*" ®^^SB^^^t what these goods' will- "be sold for 'all Spring colorings and staple shades / / J j£ \
Jf lM£§%i&m& over the United States- during the .,••••••••••••• ••',••• 0 / / / J £' $
J, 'aSwMr • -i n- A'exandre Glace Gloves — Best v / / J f J > '1
X !tt£&-3§$$#a ; comln § s P nn S 3 1 " 1 summer. To- back ¦¦ $2.OO // / // f i«
If day only the prices will be: Dent's Ladies'. Gloves— New shades / f f f A\ ' fi
5 r 's***L : ''J0*±l 4ff M 9ff A ffA M ..$1.50 ™* 92.00 /////I U J
£ A^^^$*^k 2SOCj JdC; OUCf Fownes— EngUsh make V jf /LSVi '" "*
*" Afffira^S^?^?™ tssZf 7Sm 4&1 nn $1*50 and 32.25 / j? Yi^\\ "*
b : O9 oSG, 7$C, &1.OO, see the Easter Glove Dis- C/^ \\K If jj
k . ' Men's 5Oc Undermuslin Sale. _ Special Sale «
$ Neckwear JfSL*?^ Easter Ribbons, i
k To-Day Oniy 22c. A ?l c ,Scted W voL; *%^j£Z£i ™\V^ x ? MTe I
g : a specialty of 50c Neckwear had at the end ¦•:^f. w,th dgs tad ¦ hw- d F . g J
V of the season a lot of silk remnant! which he ''fell tion or hne embroidery, » , .,, .,,,.*
made up, putting in a cotron lining instead or vft^?®^-. pice always Ji. 5 o, ««%" 3>*-^ wide, all- «
j, silk, fcoTA linings don't sho W wh.n.youare -/«». tt^ « | Q 2^" \
* bought them for less than ha'f, and '^^ ' /| V« '\& good muv in, deep him- S\fCK BOWS CV Experts.
Jf place them on sa'e to-day only at. '. :^dSC -•W^Wl'''7- i >'l Ei stitched rnffls of cam- • ¦ ' ;; J|
* va*u iJUtf brie, cut wkte,ndfuD, A Special in ' •;
iU.G.A.Maiitels W %"£?££"££, Oresa Goods. \
ft '"¦ j-—- " _ : - ; ¦' "' ¦ '¦• ' '¦ only Another great bargain to-day in all-wool popa- V
&' M€laMZb\k !CJ Cm 25C hl P ricei drtM * tuffj 5 a fcw odd linrt of 3f
tf . B «# eUMJ HflVWJ y^...^.... .............. .. Serget, ss-inch b?ack and navy Cheriots, *
Jf The biggest bjrga r n evw ofiFerei in ,: ToiltSt GtlVSfS 62tSm and «ome pretty mixturt* (about 6oo yaidi {•
5 Mantles for "the Welibach or f-m^mm* " "'"¦?•, r*!. ww , '• . *^ mmmmm that have been -«elling' regularly «
tf any other Gas Burner. These <fc The prettiest toilet table or dresser coven ever at 65c, 75c and |i.oo t yrd, on _^ £
£ mantles are rcade of ths heaviest £&k offered b 7 us at ! P et:lal ««Ie. ™ ie of dottcd special sale to-day only at OZC %
K double weave netting, with the Swts musHn and -fancy, scrims, with colored -*
J new doub'e frams that do:s not $&§$ 2 embroidery work on edges and lined with j»_ • E?*% X
& l bend from heat. So simple 'in " "^da in, pinkr, b]ues, yelow, etc., size i8x Bm%O\fS & i a&U -*
£ construction 'that any chid can ggg&j | S4 mcha, regularly $1.00 each, will be %
£ put them on the burner. Th:y on sale to-day (Wednesday) only _,_ *2£mw54^ <JP^V "'S
\ Tre 100 Candle-power, and »t;-.. .;.=.• 62C &UMM& *S|k *
ti equal to the best 50c mantel on Q a s k t> m 4F*%m+ TcSbp "2
}f the market; on special sale to-\^^p! - &PGCiai O^/O IUF SJp °5
% -^i^iiiMo**-**- Men's Pants $4.15 gSm %
l^i ~r T^" at Less* Than Haif. *«*»«* .*mj f- imim j
% Groceries— Liquors . Z oo^ Kf^-^S-rf- m3$^i *
£ Best Dry Granulated Sugar, vV, ff ft - Ieft {iom J**.™*'* *£-, m« cheviots JmBSmS 5
K 10 lh« G1 fin \£^ big«Iein3ato36.v/a: 8 ton!y. and Serges; a'so &ncy J&mffiBm S
| W JDS. . . . &''*?" iJMfoh ¦ T *? m ** «»*** tro « I » m'xtarei in Cheviot C&WgSS^ . *
% L-snnox Soap— -18 bars . . 50 0 fj I IfM mad =' "f f* .™*«> P™ and Casslmeres; ek- * ' WSg[ "5
J Grape' Nuts— The ce ebratid brain food; to day MMImW another pa* free if they np in gant ,- mgle ,„. ' doub] . |lffl| %
If^ only, 2 packages. .....'25o -CWa^^l^ '•' the team* R was the manu- breasted Silk Vests" WW "^
If Swiss Cheese— Tte best imported, to-day, lb.. '^WjjjndJ facturer's sample lot, which suits that are sold rez- fcJH& '5
A ....:. J...... ...:.\......:....26O ¦'¦' -Wrmm accounts for the extraordinary nlarly by us a if? co- V « J»
J Beans-Choice pink, 7 lbs; . . . , . . ...25O - II j ||. . prices. -. This is your last op- m |l!c ' f \^ ' *
»? Fine Teas — Oolong, Uncolorcd Japan ||| \i J I j|';| portumty to get a pair of pants cn!y at . t Jmf%r "*
K and English Breakfast, choice quali- BlMMlJ « less than ¦ it cose to make gfryv * g- r^'K -. {[
| . ties,: pef-lb.!;. ;..,::...... 40O. \ i i I^T^Mf, • $4.15 ' * $
J Zinfandel Clarct-Regularly 7sc a. gallon, , |l l|| ' $2.51 Pants $1.23 mtm ~ „ ._ __ Jf
X special to-day (Wednesday) on:y. .... SSO " I| , II - - ;.- .- (8a to , tf waht) rJiai'S Hsif HOSB *
«f Yellowstone Whiskey— The orignal, battled f|| 111- i- v T *? f ~,"" i 9 O~S±~. >£
}N: atdLtIl!ery; regularly J1.25 , a bottle, Wed- ' j •||! $3.50 PantS $1.79 * ratrS *Op* J
5 ne day only ............ . . $f.QO fc/f ¦¦"iM' ' - ( i*to 36 waist) A 8 P ecil1 offerng for Wednnday only — 1* Jt
H Holland Gin — An excellent ' grade thit retails JwJ ' 'mi • . . dozen Men's Sea Ii'and Cotton Half . Hwe, .
K regulary at I3.C0 per gallon, our price c&* $5 PSIitS $2*68 in B'ack or tan shades; these socks are seam- "5
g Wednesday. $2,251 ' " - '^T , (32 to 36 waist) less and well madej regularly 1 2^c pair. jf
atM mtt ¦ '• • ¦ ¦ - -¦••• •¦¦¦¦•'-¦ „'¦"¦¦'/¦'¦'¦¦'"' ' ¦ ' " '¦''
Those dizzy headaches are very an-
noying.* Don't you know what
causes them? The most common
of all diseases — Constipation. Your
system is clogged and needs deans-
ing. The best remedy is
The only certain cure for Constipa-
tion. It acts without a gripe, while
you sleep. One dose does the work.
A loo-Paje Book of Stories and fB'J^iff
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free »0Sf3-/^g -
•Mb every a*-<:er.t picksje. £fc&f?£&&
ALL DRUGGISTS. ' tUlNEiid?
AMUSEMENTS.
i ¦': EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
LLA.ST NIGHTS of tho Biff Musical Hit.
The Wedding Day
No Matinee Saturday This Week on Account
- :¦ -¦ ¦ of Great Preparations . for
"THE IDOL'S EYE"-H00t Monl
' . ON v .
SATURDAY EVENINO, April 6.
POPULAR PRICES.. ............ ....2Se and EOe
? .•¦•..¦-.-. - Telephone— Bush 9. •
MATINEE TO-DAT, WEDNESDAY. April J.
'. Parquet, 23c, any seat: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren,' 10c, . any part except reserved.
AN ABSOLUTELY NEW BILL
TSCHERNOFF* S DOGS : " FULLER, MOLLER
- AND BURKE; "A GIRL OF QUALITY";
HAMILTON HILL, BURT ' SHEPARD.
CALLAHAN AND MACK. SCOTT AND
WILSON: BIOGRAPH SHOWING QUEEN
VICTORIA'S FUNERAL, and •
;•-',:• LAST WEEK; OF
MARIE WAINWRIGHT. Assisted by Edward
¦ -¦¦ Eisner and Company, Presenting . . '
"JOSEPHINE AND NAPOLEON."
%*J L* I IV i M I JA cor. MAson
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITT.
ROSCOB and SIMS,
gRgggjgjgf Musical Artlsta.
CLINTON MONTGOMERY
' And bis Illustrated war eonrs.
THE KOEBBRS,
Sensational ¦ aeriallsts.
QUBRITA VINCENT,
7 California's favorite sontrstreas.
VXD ' OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COM-
PANT.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR 'NIGHT- EVERT FRIDAT. .
- 1 ;¦; ADMISSION- FREE. -
CHUTES Al^OO^J^iS^"
Barnes' Jfog> aad Pony Showw
LEAH MAY, the Giantess.
T0-M0RE0V NlffipTHE AMATEURS
MK' IN SPECIALTIES.
. XeUphone for Seats... ....Park 13
1 llttoliV ¦¦, ¦¦*¦ . :-•¦»
AMTJSEMEUTS.
If U LU ffnjB I A ? LEADING THEATRE !
LAST 8 : NIGHTS— MATINEaj .SATURDAY.'
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents . •
. THE SUCCESS, OP THE CENTURY!.
The Little Minister
V BT'J.'M. BARRIE. . .
Founded on his ' novel of tbe iam» name.
Beginning NEXT/ MONDAY,
Blanche Walsh
I In the Imperial Spectacle, .
MORE THAN QUEEN
op A HT A t R begins^
- OLrll OALD TO-MORROW
TO-NIGHT and EVERT EVG 'THIS WEEK,'
: MATINEE SATURDAY AND : BUNDAT. ¦
Special E ngagement ' of ' America' a Traged 1 an,
ROBERT! DOWN ING
Supported ' by the '¦¦ Central ' Stock Company/ In
. • . ; ;a Stupendous Production of . ¦
;.^THB GLADIATOR.^
V ; 100— - PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— —100 '
Mr. . Downing* s 1st appearance at popular prices.
nnircc Evenings lOc, 15c, 3."c, 5Oe
riilWCJ Matinees.....:.;. lOc, 15c. 25o
Next V TVeek— MR. . DOWNING as INGOMAR.'
mm®sc®'s
: QRAND;jOPERA1HOUSE
SATURD AT. EVENING,. APRIL 6TH.."'
Immense Production of . Our ' Easter. Spectacle,
iiiiliil
INTRODUCTION OP THE NEW EASTERN
¦ . - .STOCK COM PANY.-'. "• •-.
Miniature Stagre and Vaudeville Kntertajnrnent.
Mcrosco's'; Shetland "Ponies ; and Their. Baby
1 . ¦¦¦ Offisprlngr." : ¦" ¦:¦-'¦'¦¦
• ¦':¦ ,-The Fairy Coach— The Bell Ballet.
Masrnlfleent : Scenery," => Costumes . and"' Effects.
100 People— (Ponies on Exhibition In Lobby)— 100
- : ¦-.-. '¦-¦- ', ¦ ¦¦¦.• -People. .' -
PRICES— 10c.-. 15e/ 25c. 1 50c Few Seats • at 75c.
' Saturday and Sunday . Matinees Good Orches-
tra -. Seat i ""rTj-TT Til U try~Tttl*{ 'srfllll1]|l|jlTrJ
Branch j Ticket » Office— limporium. x .
FISCHFR'S •"" concert.-; house.
* ;.Wm. . McDonald/ Kelcey. Bl»ter«, i Mabel * Mar-
tin, De Camp and: Murdock, the Malvern Fam-
ily, Tom ; Mack ¦ and • Hinrichs" ¦ Orchestra. -. Re-
served T Seats,"* 25c "'¦ Matinee ; Sunday. -
ADVEKTISEMENTS. \ .; ..
r 1 . ;, " IIIIIIIIIIIIMBIIIMIIIIIII 11^
Dependable Drugs
S|>eei^l
F;ri c^e s
For this week arc way below what
you generally pay other stores. We
are '. always the lowest priced, but
this week we've even cut our own
cut rates. You can depend on the
quality of our goods, too."
Pepper. Whiskey 65c
: ' Munyon' s Soap 1 oc
•' , Renncr' s German Malt 1 5 c } "_,
" ; 3 lbs. Bird Seed 15c
-; Lablache Powder (¦¦, . :¦ 25c:
-,; Allen's* Malt Whiskey- 65c
Florida Water— M. & L. 45c,
. Kirk' s Juvenile Soap 1 oc
Pabst Best Tonic 20c ."
Packer's Tar Soap* 2 for 25c '
Roger & Gallet's Pcaa "dc , y
Espagne ,. ..! 80c
' ¦' Lyons Tooth Powder ' 15c
J MarHet Street
. 1 b* an. i 'Jan Fianclsca
;.lOtK "and Brpadway OaWaniJ
Mid Famous Maria
Especially useful in Nervous
Jroublef, Majaria, Gonsump- !
tion, Overwork, Indigestion;
La\GnppeAQeneral r DebiHty;
All DrufiiJists. " Refuse Substitutes.'
AHUSEMENTaL
TO-NIGHT.
MATINEES SATURDAY ANT> StTNDAT.
Bret Harte's Dramatized Xovel,
*„«,< TENNESSEE'S
Story of
theBil "\ PARDNER.
EejLUtlful Realistic Scenery. 'j '
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 5«c
RAeES_ T S 1N
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
T7EEK APRIL 1ST*TO 6TH. " ';
SEC HIGH-CXASS RACES EACH DAT. '
TUESDAT— HURDLE RACE.
THURSDAY— HANDICAP.
SATURDAY— COLTS' 2ND TRIAL STAKES.
NEXT WEEK— SEVERAL BIG EVENTS.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townaend street*— 7.
8:30, 11:30 a. m.: 12:40. 1. 1:30, 2 p.m.
Returning leave Track 4:13 and thereafter at
short Intervals. Rear cars reserved for ladles
and escorts.
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE) Jl &
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER. Racin* Secretary. >
nil ipr These hotels pos-
1 ALAut scss the attributes
j ih2t tourists and
i flnfl travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
P D A I] fl liberal ma n a z e-
UnnllU ment, modern ap-
UHTriC pointments' an.d
nUltLoi p erf . ect c**™.
' American and Eu-
Saii FranCISCOt ropean plans.
y£7pfr2SaP INJECTION. <
I^A PERMANEHT CURE j
. > of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea \
" ? .'and Gleet, enaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
2 daj s ; no other treatment reqtdrecL 5
C'^ Sold by all druggists. i .' S
f Belly Call $1.00 wM
Steamer chair, strong and com-
fortable, $1.50. Our larjre stock
of furniture, carpets and draperies
enables us to estimate on furnish-
ing your entire establishment.
Come and see us about it. We
give credit and deliver goods free
within 100 miles.
T. BRILLIANT
I FURNITURE CO,,
I 338-E43 Post Street,
\ Opposite Union Square.DISPATCHES from the East a few weeks ago
1 announced- that ¦ Professor Shaler of Yale had"
in a '-.lecture '..declared, that science and inven
tion together '.-have so . improved the methods
snd the machinery used in gold ¦ mining that
within a comparatively short time, the out
put of the precious metal will be so 'large
as to materially lower its value and consequently its
purchasing power as money. The statement coming
from a man of recognized authority on the subject
naturally gave ' rise to. a good deal of comment, but it
row appears the report was unauthorized arid inaccu
rate. ¦ , ' **' '¦ ' "'- ''¦ '¦:¦'¦
. In a letter addressed to the Engineering News Pro
ifcEEorShaier in denying tne story. says: "In a regu
lar lecture to a class in geology; a lecture not intended
to, be made" public, I. made certain statements'con
cerning the future of gold production,. particularly in-,
dirated by the working of placer gravels. From this
lecture some student- has taken certain statements,,
which; presented without the context, give a very in
adequate idea of what I said. This unauthorized and
foolish statement was,' I believe, sold. r * .* * - .The
lecture was not a public lecture; the publication of the
matter was not only unauthorized but contrary to the
rules, which goven decent ' students, and, given with
out the . text, the statements give ; an essentially
roneous idea as to my views concerning the matter." :
As the report "was published throughout the coun
try generally, we give the correction in justice to Pro-'
fctsor Shaler and to the public. It-is to be'regretted,
however, that in his", explanation Professor Shaler did
nc t state exactly /what he did say, . so that an opinion ¦
could be formed as ; to^ the degree -to which he was :
misrepresented. ' • His statement ""that } he : believes' the ¦
siory was^sold to the press .by; some student who : had .
n^ respect for : rules i which. govern ."decent. students''
implies ja. certain : irritability, of/temper that is not to ;
Hs credit, 'and it'may^be that; his. temper has led him
ty think himself much more' wronged than he has"
been. At any rate untiljie chooses "to inform the pub-;
lie' exactly. what his views are on the subject we shall
have to be content with his general denial and. wait for
further, information j until his lectures are published io
book form,.'- -
SHALER MAKES DENIAL.
'Now if any British officer can "capture Dewet as
rcztly as Funston took Aguinaldo^it issafe to^say his
reward will be something worth talking about
The Russian plan of sending turbulent students to
join the army may have a good effect in quicting.the
universities, but it would seem to put a good deal of
unsafe material into the array.
Wu Ting Fang says that for 4000 years the Chinese
empire has never waged a war for the propagation of
religion or the enslavement of the people; and.it
v.ould seem that China is therefore even further be
hind the times than most people thought.
* " t % * "
Cities and towns in various parts of California
along the route of the President's tour have, under
taken to plant the vacant lots within their borders
with flowers to serve to grace the welcome of the
honored visitor; and when they see the good result it
will be in order for them to consider whether it would
not be worth while hereafter to make some such good
ure of their vacant lots every year. Why do every
thing for infrequent visitors? Why not make the home
town beautiful for the sake of home folks?
WH EN-,' discussing a few days ago the , proposed
amendment- of .the corporation laws" "of ¦ Ne\v
Jertey The Call referred to a report that the
amendment was brought before the Legislature at the
dictation of the steel trust, and stated that there was
at that time no evidence to sustain the charge. It now
appears there must have been some truth in it, for the
amendment was adopted, and now the .trust, after
hanging in the air for weeks, has filed with the New
Jersey Secretary of State articles amending its char
ts and increasing its capital stock to $1,100,000,000.
The object of the amendment is to give the directors
greater power in handling the affairs of the enormous
combination. Originally the corporation couid not
mortgage or pledge any of its real property or any
"of the stock of another company controlled by it ex
cept by, the affirmative vote of the owners of two
thirds of the capital stock. Under the' new law it will
be necessary to. have the affirmative vote of only two
thirds of the stock represented at any meeting of the
corporation: Thus we have the big trust fully
launched with all its powers under easy control of its
When the country was first confronted by a Con-»
gress whose appropriations for governmental expendi
tures exceeded a billion dollars Speaker Reed com
forted the taxpayers by reminding them that this is a
billion dollar country. In the face of the new aggre
gation of capital in'the hands' of a comparatively small
number of enterprising men we may perhaps find con
solation in remembering iReed's statement.
The corporation which is now about to enter upon
active operations' that may powerfully affect the trade
and commerce of the whole country, if not the entire
globe, has been generally spoken of as "The Steel
Trust." That title was given to it by the press be
cause it began by. combining the great steel manufac
turing plants of the country and because a short title
was, necessary for convenience in speaking of it. It is
to be borne in mind,: however, that it is really much
more than a corporation formed to carry on the manu
facture of steel. The scope of its. charter comes very
rear being universal. It ha^ authority to engage in
almost any kind of business. , 1
The Chautauquan recently published 'what it termed
"a condensed statement of the grants made" -to tht
corporation, to this effect: "This corporation miy
manufacture ir^on, steel; manganese, coke, .copper,
lumber and other materials, and all articles consisting
or partly consisting of iron, steel, copper, wood, or
ether materials, and all products thereof. It has the
right to acquire and develop any lands yielding these
materials, and to extract coal, ores, stone, oil, etc..
from any lands' which it may own or acquire. It may
buy and sell these materials and/any of their products,
and it may construct bridges, buildings, machinery,
si-ips, boats, engines, cars and other equipment; rail
roads, docks; slips, elevators, water works, gas works
and electric works ; viaducts, . aqueducts, canals • and
other waterways, and other means of- transportation"
These agencies may be bought or sold, maintained or
operated, but the corporation may not maintain a rail
road.or canal in New Jersey. This corporation may.
engage in any other manufacturing,' mining, construc
tion or "transportation business of any kind or char
acter whatsoever, but it may" not engage in any busi
ness which shall require the exercise of the, right of
."eminent domain within the State of New: Jersey. It
inay conduct its business, in other States and*Terri
tories and An foreign countries." 1 •
Such being the comprehensive. nature of the grant,
it i a not surprising to learn that the directors are try
ing to effect further combinations and are even nego
tiating forcontrol of the Panama canal route with
the intention of- constructing, an isthmian waterway
THE BULLION-DOLLAR TRUST.
THE HORRORS Op WflR.
IT is customary to put great stress upon the.carnage
of war. It is in its aspect as a destroyer of life that
war presents its abhorrent feature.
We have had a large army fighting in the Philip
pines for more than two years.' The deaths in that
sriny in the islands number 6000. It is a large list and
serves properly to give point to^ many an argument
against war. Each of those lives has a fixed eco
romic value to the country. That value is so much
lost energy, so much capital destroyed, so much force
gone out of the body politic never to return.
But, going to the criminal records at home for "the
same two years, it appears that in the United States
there were committed 10,000 murders. Ten thousand
lives were«ended by knife, pistol and poison! Close
to twice as many lives lost by crime at home as by
w<.r abroad. If the death penalty had followed in each
case of course nearly 10,000 murderers would have
l-een hanged, bringing the total casualty list up to a
still larger excess over the casualties of war. "• "
Among the victims was one Governor of a State, a
State Attorney General, and a large number of minor
crficers of the law. ' .
In numerous lynchings twenty men have been
burred at the stake, and several ' women have been
shct to death.
In no other country in the world is there as much
murder, as much taking of human life in the commis
tion of other crimes, and for other. causes, many the
most trivial. Soon the question may be asked, "What
is the matter with the United States?"
We have been unsparing critics of other countries
ana have sent missionaries among the heathen. May
it :<ot well be that others may object on good ground?
against receiving a S3 r stem that makes no better show
ing at home?
It is the habit of a people to look to the social
state from which propagandists emerge in search 01
proselytes. If that state is found infirm, if life is dis
regarded, bloodshed is common, the law is displaced
by savage mob violence, it is but natural to reject the
missionary it sends forth.
We have «hown great zeal and have encountered
great troubles in carrying Christianity into .China.
The Chinese, looking upon our domestic record, have
the right to say that the missionaries must have ear
ned Christianity away from this country. In that view
o\ it we. should recall the missionaries and refuse to
permit further export of the stock until it has accu
muiated enough for home consumption.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES*
TOWN TALK SUMMIT— S., City. Tho
distance from San Francisco to Town-
Talk Summit, Nevada County, Cal.. is 1S4
miles.
GRASSES— H., Rector, CaL For In
formation about new or old grasses ad
dress a communication to the Agricultural
Experiment Station at the University of
California, Berkeley, Cal.
PARDONING POWER— Scottle, Ba
kersfield, Cal. To pardon a prisoner the
King of Kngland does not have to ask the
consent of his Ministers. The pardoning
power is one of the prerogatives of the
crown.
SANCHO PEDRO— J. D.. City. In a
game of sancho pedro, 61 points. If A has
59 and B bids 5, making 64, A does not
have to make a point to go out— that Is,
If points at the outset of the game are al
lowed.
TO LAKEPORT-Subscrlber, Elko, Nev.
The line has been surveyed for a railroad
to Lakeport, Lake County, and the work
of construction, it is said, will soon be in
full operation. It will enter that place
from the south.
HORSE AND CORRAL— A. M. S., City.
If a horse is in a corral and walks around
the inner edge of its fence and keeps his
head on a line with a man who is walking
outside of the corral, the man does not
walk around the horse. In order to walk
around the horse the man would have to
start, say, at the head and pass com
pletely around the animal to the point of
starting 1 . The man walking outside of the
corral is only keeping pace with the horse.
AN ALIEN— S. F. S., Rocklln. CaL An
alien who desires to become a citizen of
the United States must make a declara
tion before a competent court, and after
he has resided continuously five years in
the United States, one year of that time
In the State or Territory in which he ap
plies for citizenship, and proves that two
years before "making the application for
final papers he filed a declaration of in
tention, he can have his papers. . •
NOT MARRIED-X. Y. Z.. Oakland,
Cal. This department has not been able
to find any law "to compel a man to
marry a woman with whom he has been
living for the past nine years, who has
borne him three children and whom he
has acknowledged to strangers and
friends as his wife but has never told
her nor her relatives that she was his
wife." As this relation was entered into
before the contract marriage law was re
pealed the woman undoubtedly has a
good claim to call herself his wif.e.
Coronado Beach Tent City.
Coronndo Beach. California." will ooea the 1901
summer season June 1. "Write for a descriptlv*
pamphlet. E. S. Babccck, Coronado. Cal.
CAUTORNIANS IN 1TEW YOEK.
NEW YORK, April 2.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— L. Brown Is at the Metro
politan; A. Chalx is at the Broadway Cen
tral; G. F. Eberhard is at the Imperial:
T. L. Hardne is at the Herald Square;
F. C. Iraonel Is at the Ashland: J. Mets is
at the Metropolitan: M. Seinbrlch is at
the Savoy; V. F.' Webster is at the Na
varre: D. Koppitzls at the Broadway
Central; Mrs. E. H. N. Palmer Is at the
Amsterdam. -
THE COAST ROA pj BANQUET.
SAN JOSE has celebrated the opening of. the
through line along, the Coast road by a;ban
quet,?at which her. citizens and their guests
congratulated themselves and one another upon the
change which the new route has made in the commer
cial situation of the city. Beforethe road'was opened
San. Jose was in' a pocket, and all the rich territory
along the coast from San. Francisco. to Los Angeles
wps- commercially sidetracked. To-day . that region
is traversed by a' road which* will doubtless be' the
nuin line for transcontinental \ travel' between ; j San
Francisco "arid- the East, and\ San Jose finds herself
holding an important rind advantageous position upon
the route. Under such circumstances it is natural
there. should be much felicitation among the people,
.and with her customary hospitality San Jose invited
outsiders to come and share the joy of the occasion
with her.'
"While all the speeches that followed the banquet
were excellent, that of J.C.Stubbs, third vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company, was the most
interesting because he was expected to declare tho
policy of the company with respect' to the manage
ir;ent of the hew'route.. That he would not make
definite promises of any particular, policy was' of course
to beexpected, but it is "gratifying, that what he did
s;y gives encouragement. to the hopes of those who
have believed the new - road will be of immediate
frciiefit'.to San Jose and to the State. : i
After regretting the absence of '/•• President Hays
from the banquet; paying^a tribute to the memory 'of--
Huntingdon and emphasizing "that fact that San Jose
iv now: "on the through route between the Occident,
and the Orient," he went on to' say: ; "Mr. Chairman,
I believe\the future for: this community,. and for- this'
valley; look's brighter > than i everj ¦¦before',, and though
nc* in whole nor in greater part.due to the. completion
of this .road, yet the enterpri/e ; which .we -are ;cele
brating is .auspicious. :• It will i measurably con
tribute to the peace and prosperity of this, the fairest
of : California"*^ fair lands. ' \ I ? believe ; that out* of the
experience and 'tribulations ofthis season a' remedy
will be found for the discouragements and ills of the •
prune-growers. . I believe it is the -purpose of Presi
dent Hays to address himself to the inquiry as to what
e> tent his : administration of the-affairs 'of the Sbuth r
err. Pacific Company 'can* promot* the interests ami
better the' conditions of the fruit-growers.; I am per
svoded that neither you nor the railroad people will
c* er have occasion to"- regret the : completion - of ' the
coast line, even as we are who are your guests to
night will not forget your hospitality, will never cease
to desire and work for your prosperity and go-od will."
A statement of that kind from a high official : qf the;
Southern Pacific Company, ought to mean something
more than .an . . after-dinner jubilation; It ought to ;
mean in all sincerity- that .President Hays as the hew\
manager of the road is -'-'to address ., himself to the in
quiry as to what ."extent his administration of the af
fairs of. the .Southern Pacific Company.xan , promote;
tllt^iriterestsland -.better the ¦conditions,"! .-not of ' : ttie"r
fi uit-growers ,only, specified by Mir. Stubbs doubtless'
out of deference to the audience he was addressing,
bVt of the. whole people of California. , Should. tHat
hejthe case hot only will the counties along' the coast
toad be benefited by the closing of the gap, but
the whole commonwealth will have reason to rejoice
in the new order of things.
In his tribute to Huntington Mr. Stubbs overlooked
the fact that the quarrel of the people against his
management was not becaitse they did not appreciate
his greatness in constructing the road, but because
after constructing it he used it not for California but,
against California? -Under the new management
there is a promise and a prospect that the road will
be used to promote Californian- industries, and it is
because of the trust the people have'in those promises
that they have so jubilantly celebrated the opening
cri the new route. "¦ . ' ' •
Bejween the State and the railroads that connect it
with the East there is a natural mutuality of interest,
but in the past the Southern Pacific has been indiffer
ent to that truth and has heyer sought to put in force
a policy in conformity with.it. Now there is an ex
pectation of a change, and, fortunately, every, sign
of the times affords reason for believing the expecta
tion will be fulfilled. '-"'-'•¦ • : '
PERSONAL MENTION.
R. D. Burns of Mexico is at the Lick.
C. M. "Ward of Grub* Gulch Is at the
Lick.
J. "W. M. Gregory of Suisun is at the
Lick.
• H. H. Forney of Sacramento Is at the
Palace.'
¦ Percy S. King of Xapa Is a guest at the
California.
TV. F. Barnes of Los 1 Angeles is a guest
at the Grand.
Dr. J. B. Hamilton of Los Angeles Is at
the Occidental. ,
, Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa Is a
guest at the Lick.
George H. Ayers of Honolulu is a guest
at the Occidental.
• Lew Aubrey, a mining man of Los An
geles, is at the Grand.
A. C. Dowdell of £*. Helena is spending
a few days at the Grand.
W. F. Forsey of Fresno will.be a guest ;
at the Occidental for a few days. . .
N. Kllery. a merchant of Sacramento,
registered at the Palace yesterday.'
H. Vincent Wallace, an assayer ? of
Bakersfleld, Is registered at the Lick.
"William Banning, a land owner of Los
Angeles, Is a guest at the Occidental.
Judgo W. P. "Veuve of Los Angeles, ac
companied by %is wife, is spending a few
days at the California. / >> -
Herman' Lesser and family have gone
south* for a teur .of that portion of the
State. They will be absent several weeks.
vldual interest, which must needs be done
if success is to be attained,' Is offering, a
series_of prizes for certain features of im
provement work. ; Special thought should
be. given to the matter of interesting chil
dren, and prize-giving has proved success
ful in this direction. ¦ To cite specific in
stances:. In October, 1900, prizes to the
value of $100 were distributed at the close
of a "flower and vegetable contest,'* to
which all the pupils of the public schools
of Carthage, Mo., were eligible, except the
children of professional florists or garden
ers. Prizes were offered for boys' vegetable
gardens, for general vine planting, for the
greatest . "improvement in the appearance
of homes by artistic use of vines,"
for aster growing and for aster bouquets.
Also during tho last. summer the South
Park^ Improvement Club of Dayton, Ohio,
offered a series of prizes for front and
side yards, back yards, vine planting,
window and porch- boxes, boys' vegetable
gardens, vacant lots, best planted prem
ises along steam railroads, best floral di
vision between yards and, best general ap-
Pf. trance from middle of street to middle
ot alley. ;. ..».. ;.'-., • .
Good Taste Is; a Requisite.
Ihec.hief objection brought to bear by
the ordinary householder when his wife
ond daughter want to plant something is
the. Increased difficulty of manipulating
'¦, the lawn mower— the favorite suburban
household god, which prefers a straight to
a devious path. To spangle his grounds
with bushes to be dodged, after the pres
ent-accepted manner of distributing trees'
.ajid shrubbery, would furnish him with a
legitimate grievance. There are -enough
fraful examples ready made to last for a
generation. To construct another would
*be a bitter irony that any self-respecting
club may well wish to escape.
¦ Once change the regulation polka-dotted
dooryard to an open lawn outlined and
framed by massed shrubbery and the de
lighted man of the house will never allow
the speckled effect to be repeated on hi*
premises. If it is so" great an advantage
from the purely . utilitarian viewpoint of
the manipulator of the lawn mower,' how
much greater from tne higher point of
view, of esthetic beautv, from the actual
pleasure of something charming to look
at every day in the year from one's own
windows? Is not a smr.ll expanse of fresh
green turf across which the shadows come
and go better than the hit-and-miss style?
. Try it. Shrubs and Dlants gathered to
gether in a border of irregular width arc
not only more beautiful in themselves and
well out of the way of the lawn mower,
but they are far more easily cared for
than when scattered about. They should
all be hardy plants and they should all b<j
planted in a carefullv prepared bed,
straight on Its outer boundary , next to
street or division fence and irregular on
Its Inner boundary against the lawn. In
such a big bed, so unliKe the ordinary
flower bed, may be gathered many flower-
Ing shrubs that should be chos«n to give
bloom at different seasons, some small
trees at the back of vhe border, where
there is room without too greatly crowd
ing or shading plants ri smaller size, and
enough herbaceous peiennials, such us
irises, oriental popples, peonies, delphin
iums, phloxes, Japanese anemones and
dozens of others just as lovely but less
well known, to give a succession of flow
ers from June tl'l frost cuts the last lin
gering anemone from lte stem.- The sea
son may be lengthened at the other end.
so to speak, by using early flowering
bulbs, such as scillas, snowdrops, crocuses
and narcissus. Nor should summer flow
ering bulbs be omitted.. Some of the best
lilies are also the hardiest and they thrive
better and look better 'In such a border
than anywhere else.
Following Nature's Plan.
I Just you try this plan. Big or little, any
garden so arranged !s far and away ahead
of the crammed and disorderly array of
individual shrub3 usually found scattered
about what should be an open lawn. Now,
when the border is made and the shrubs
set out, do give the poor things a chance
for their lives. That Is do not try to im
prove on nature's plan of making each
species and often each variety unlike all
other species: do not try to carve them
all into the same form. Let them alone
till they have an opportunity to show their
characteristics— show what they were in
tended to be like. .By the time they havo
accomplished this their own style will be
found so much better than anything that
can be imparted with pruning shears that
their future will be secure. Every two
or three years the oldest wood can be cu;
out entirely and the new allowed to tako
its place; such pruning as that Is legiti
mate and so Is the removal of dead woid
or . of branches that make the bush too
close and dense. But cutting off the end
of every twig or branch id a vain attempt
to create a growing baseball or some other
equally interesting curiosity— bah! That Is
not pruning. Don't think it for a minute.
No such shrubs are to be found in the
paintings by Corot, of Tyron, of any land
scape painter worthy the name. What Is
beautiful on canvas is also beautiful in
itself. The painters get their inspiration
from things that grow in the wilds.
In the Interests of Privacy.
.The massing of shrubs In bordering beds
or plantations may also serve the useful
purpose of shield and buckler against the
too inquiring windows of one's next door
neighbor, especially if, as is the pleasant
fashion of the day, they immediately over
look one's bit of lawn. A screen of this
sort is grateful to both parties to the suit,
shielding those inside the windows and
those on the adjoining lawn, as well as
making an agreeable outlook from either
situation. It Is not a disagreeable expe
rience to open a window -to the delicious
fragrance of blossoming honeysuckles or
the exquisite color of sheets of clematis
blooms; andlt is, on the other hand, pure
delight to sit on one's own veranda and
watch the swaying wands of a gracefully
drooping, snowy white syringa (not "trim
med up") In full flower. In short, there
are undreamed of possibilities In pur door
yards, both front and back, and neither
club nor individual can find a more legiti
mate field of action than . in their artistic
development. Such work will cheer more
hearts, brighten more lives and improve
more morals than any other line of club
work. Its basis is improved sanitary con
ditions, yet, like kindergarten work, the
participants in the labor and in the" re
sults are under the impression that they
are merely seeking and finding pleasant
recreation. '
I That women's clubs have already • taken
up this sort of work is one of the encour
aging signs that they are wisely endeav
oring to benefit humanity. This work
reaches the foundation of the matter, for
it begins In the homes of the people and
results in a betterment of the dally sur
roundings of the masses. In the suburb*
of. cities,- in towns, in villages and in the
country such- work 'Is Important.' Every
where a. -pleasant, wholesome dally. life is
desirable, and nowhere are the common
decencies, the simple, pleasures, the quiet
beauty easily attainable and the birth
right of all more ' neglected, overlooked
and too frequently deliberately spoiled for
an entire community than in small places.
;.•;•.-. The Beauty of Running Water. I
That this is true may be. noted in one
class of neglect, or worse than neglect, In
innumerable .places j that " the ¦ reader I wtll
readily call to mind— the abuse of natural
streams. In~ the country, .far .j from, the
abodes of men, they are invariably beau
tiful, pure and » in » every way desirable;
they approach . the town, village or habi
tation only ' to lose all that made their
presence charming.' No one thinks of pro
tecting their beauty or their purity; on
the contrary, every one feels at liberty to
mar the one and '.pollute the other. Any
thing may be thrown into the stream and
everything is dumped upon its erstwhile
pleasant. banks, what m!ght and should
be retained and protected as - the chief
beauty and . advantage ; of? the town • or
home . thus speedily • becomes • an ' eyesore
and a detriment. The pretty shrubs and
plants and \ greensward 'that 'loved the
stream, was refreshed by it and meant to
keep ' it continual ' company : are cut away
or * are -. buried ¦ beneath the accumulating
abundance of dumped debris of the most
unsightly and often .unsanitary character,
,VII.— BEAUTIFYING* HOME STJBBOU2EDINGS.
(COPYRIGHT. 1901.)
: While . public-spirited men and women
are undertaking to Improve the^ general
appearance of large- cities by banding
themselves Into 'civic leagues, municipal
art -y associations and similar bodies, It
cannot be too strongly asserted that there
is equal '.'. necessity.; for developing, latent
possibilities along similar lines in city
suburbs,' towns, villages and country
neighborhoods. "" ... '
¦ The simple beauty : of trees and grass
claim Instant attention from city people
of all; stations, but the more meager or
squalid their home surroundings the more
marked is this recognition. Oftentimes
those who are accustomed .to these two
fundamental elements of natural beauty,
pro wing neglectful, allow their imme
diate environment to lapse into barren
squalor. It may be that such- examples
should be credited to a too great familiar
ity with, nature, but it seems more prob
able that it is the result of individual de
terioration. It would appear, both safer
andpleasanter to encourage the most fa
miliar acquaintance with the wholesome
freshness of growing greenery and bloom
than to suffer increasing contempt by the
too close approach of tin cans and ash
heaps. ' '. '.. ' -
-There are already many improvement
societies, clubs and associations scattered
throughout the United States; there are
also a' still greater number of women's
clubs; The latter in some instances have
been inSDlred to forsake literature,, art
and the sciences to. devote their efforts to
the betterment of the daily surroundings
j in their own communities. ., .
' Taking Up This: Important Work.
; "Women's clubs can do practical work in
the line of suburban, village, town or
neighborhood improvement either By aid
ing as organizations in the plans of estab
lished ' improvement societies, by making
improvement' work a branch of their own
plans, or by boldly adopting it as the end
and aim. of club existence for a year or
longer, as requirements may dictate. In
most localities, however, the amelioration
of existing conditions of dally life is so
clearly, the one important question that
doubtless most clubs that give the matter
consideration will determine it the better
part to devote. their entire energy * to it.
Probably after one or two years of such
faithful effort subsequent work may safe
ly be delegated to a capable committee.
• In undertaking- Improvement work
women's clubs can hardiy do better than
follow in a general way the lead of prom
inent and successful" improvement organi
zations such as the Laurel Hill Society of
Stockbridge, Mass., the Beverly (Mass.)
Improvement Society, the Town Improve
ment Association of Montclair, N. J., and
others, while fitting the details of such
effort to local necessiiies and opportuni
ties. ; Indeed; such organizations are tho
natural outgrowth of local conditions.
Among those \ cited a typhoid I epidemic,
due to impure milk disseminated from a
dairy situated amid fcul surroundings,
aroused the mothers of the town to the
necessity for sanitation and a greater
knowledge .of the sources of family sup
plies, as well as to a realization of tho
fact that the four walls of a home fail
to encompass the factors that make for
the health and happmeps of a household,
and that their responsibilities extended
beyond such clearly defined limits. In. on
other instance one woman's longing for
something beautiful within reach, of her
own home; for sweetness, neatness and
order In the streets that formed her dally
environment, was the .eaven from which
rose what is claimed to be the first, and Is
still among the foremost, among improve
ment associations in this country.
- .Watchword of .These Societies. ¦
/"To make our town (or village ;or sub
urb) a better, more wholesome and more
attractive • place - of ' residence" is In one
form or another the watchword of every
efficient band of improvement workers,
and no club of women needs a better
slogan. • *
"As has been intimated, conditions in
every case must govern the choice of the
first work to be : done. * Good roads or
streets and sanitation and cleanliness and
order "from : the middle of the street to
the middle of the alley" is the basis of
satisfactory results. It-were folly to spend
time, labor and money on purely decor
ative features before considering and con
quering the question of . the disposal of
garbage. If anything must wait let it be
the front yards. A back yard crusade is
an essential preliminary. Properly'devel
oped the back yards would transform the
lives of thousands from a dreary grind of
drudgery to countless summers of sweet
ness and light. If women possessed of the
brains,, time and money to accomplish
such an end can find better scope for ef
fort, where is it? • v • ¦-
On the hygienic foundation ,of cleanli
ness and order- suggested: may 'lie 'built a
fair. superstructure consisting of number
less factors blended into a more or' less
harmonious picture, according to the ar
tistic excellence of the design used. It is
to be composed of pleasantly shaded
streets, charmingly planted home grounds,
properly located and well arranged - pub»
lie parks end playgrounis, correctly treat
ed spaces around - public buildings,
churches, schoolhouses. mills and facto
ries; neatly kopt vacant property, a-gen
eral absence 'of flying-papers and rubbish'
and svreet relief from screaming bill
boards. All this may be further embel
lished by fountains, memorial tablets -3nd
carefully considered statuary, by hand
some boulevards, correctly designed cem
eteries, .attractively planted : ' station
grounds, railway rights of way redeemed
from unsightl.hieRS and made to stand as
pemotual advertisements* to. the constant
ly; passing public of th<» character of the
place and by lo\ely approaches over good,
hard roads that wind among shade trees
and flowery . banks all planted ' with the
native trees, shrubs and vines thai thrive
in each vicinity. This : does not, exhaust
the opportunities j offered by the ordinary
•village: or suburb,. but serves to suggest
that there is no lack of good things to be
done by the clubs that choose to • try this
sort of thing — and may their name be le
gion.
Women's Clubs Fitted for the Task.
: No .women's club n^etl falter or fear' to
take such work-in hand. ' Such "clubs are
splendidly equipped for it. They have the
ability ' to direct, the energy to accom
plish, the tact, discretion and determina
tion to succeed. 1 They can secure land for
parks and playgrounds, or see that street
tree planting is done in accordance -with
the best modern knowledge of the sub
ject; they can raise money and pass or
dinances, - or see that they are -passed;
they can disarm objections ¦ and : make
squalid dooryards unfashionable; they can
banish all . unslghtllness and make the
waste places charming; they may, if they
will, even go the length of securing artis
tic landscape gardening .plans ' for . the
beautifying of a -block, -a street or an en
tire'town, so that when such plans are
correctly . developed their own " ¦ several
home s grounds shall each be a picture of
comfort as well as a factor In a large gen
eral' scheme • that shall make their town
famous. - All this • and > much more can be
accomplished , by any club, the members
of which look about them' and see that it
is a good thing to make the world. more
beautiful i for • themselves "and for < others
who . , are perhaps . Ies3 : , fortunate. In
short, -the scope- and possible results of
such work should satisfy the most ambi
tious club, i. * .":./"'¦". •'¦.•.'¦<¦¦.¦ • ' .
riAs h a preliminary means ' of . arousing
public interest, 5 perhaps nothing is more
effectual than stereopticon views showing
the, present state '¦ of , affairs v at ,: home
views, of their own ; overflowing garbage
boxes and > filthy alleys; of ;the dumping
ground on the vacant lot next door,- or of
the magnificent array of billboards across
the street; and then,- by. way; of example,
presenting similar scenes In . other places,
fcllcwed by. companion -pictures showing
the ; changes wrought by intelligently di
rected i- organized effort.'-; :•¦. Such; views,
c?ec rly ' explained , by." some one who un
derstands the ' subject,- rarely fail . to open
the understanding and the -purse of the
most .thoughtless householder.;/ v ¦
How to Hold Individual Interest.
.One; of the t best means of holding indl-
. By Frances Copley Seavey,
CHAIRMAN OF AN IMPROVEMENT COMMITTEE OF THE AMERICAN PARK
, AND OUTDOOR ASSOCIATION. ¦':^'-^= i !
What the .Women's Clubs of America Are
'Doing to Beautify the Environment
of Homes and Home Life.
Prepared by, Experts and Specialists for
The San -Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
PUBLIC. OWNERSHIP.
'¦¦I .: H E Consuls ' of . the United States ; make regular
I reports of; the progress abroad of the: policy of
*¦ municipal ownership ¦ of ' public service indus
tries.. , "-.:•
As we have already said, all the quoted . cases must
be examined individually and judged by. the local con
ditions, physical l and other, which prevail at the scene
of each experiment. The last case reported relates to
street railways. The- /city of, Liege, Belgium,- has^
bought the street railway. The system has "seven
miles* of track, runs about forty cars and employs 250
men; The city leases it for a term' of years' to accom
pany, for a graduated rental on a sliding scale, to in
crease with, the business and receipts. . The. city, also
puts down all sidings and extensions and does all new
wprk, and furnishes the rolling stock. The lessee
keeps the property in repair. The fare charged by. the
corporation which the city succeeds was affected by
distance,' being about one penny minimum arid four,
cents maximum. The city enforces a uniform fare of
two cents. ¦ The data , furnished do not enable any!
calculation, to' show whether the new rate is an aver
age increase or'an average decrease in the fare. 1 That
will depend upon'whether a majority of the fares are
paid for the short or the long haul. If the latter the
x«ew rate is an average reduction. If the former it is
an avefage increase. The new rate doubles after 11
o'clock at night, which brings all fares after that hour
up to, the former maximum . for all hours. The re
sults of this must be- determined by the nocturnal
habits of the people.
In another respect the change has not as pleasant
an aspect as is presented by a possible reduction in
rates. Under the corporation control the maximum
pay of the men employed was $i 06 for a day of nine
hours. Considering the price of living, and measured
by wages on the Continent, that was a. fair average
compensation. But now the city controls the rate of
wages as well as the rate of fare, and has put the maxi
mum pay of the employes at 72 cents for a day of nine
hours. We think this reduction, measured again by^
Continental wages, is excessive. The city of Glasgow
reduced fares and wages upon becoming owner of the
street, railways, but the new wage scale there was
hardly down to the Liege level. ?
In discussing this subject in the United States it
is customary to dwell upon the, reduction in price to
the user of public service industries, and in that way
American expectation is somewhat unduly aroused
as to contemplated benefits.
But as in Europe every instance ; of municipal
ownership and reduction in rates has been accom
panied by a larger reduction in wages, it is entirely
proper to inquire whether in this country there will be
any exception. Before experiments on a large scale
r.re undertaken it is well to know -whether public
ownership, to realize the expectation of the.econo
mists, must result in lower wages for the labor.em
ployed. : : '.^...i, ...'/] -' : : '-.: '/ "....''
failure.
It is a very important phase of the question with us.
The whole wage scale will be unfavorably affected by
reduction in the pay of several hundred thousand em
ployes on street railroads. It is an economic question
thai is far-reaching. People are drawn to the support
of public 'ownership by the belief that ', it will reduce
the earnings of capital. ' But if it /reduce also the
earnings of k»bor, as a public • economy it will be a
and controlling it as private property. . The estimated
cost of such a canal, which has made the United States
hesitate ': for years upon (the verge ¦ of constructing'; it;
h. a . matter, of 'little difficulty to the managers of the
big '.trust. 'Probably they jcould readily add, another
billion, to i their capital stock' if 'they choose. New
Jersey is seemingly-Twilling to grant anything the trust
wishes', so ' long . as ¦ it does .not carry on j business in
Ne'wJerseyJtself.T Here, 1 then, is a billion "dollar trust
confronting a billion dollar country, and we are "to see
how long they can get on without friction.
and the stream Is Justly shunned Instead
of being the chief attraction of th» place.
What might be instead of what is in sacn
cases Is clearly shown in a few instances
where such streams have been redeemed
by aome energetic and tasteful Improve
ment society or women's dub, whicn has
realized the possibilities, recognized the
wasted opportunities and worked a trans
formation. • - .
Who says that such work is unsultea ra
character or In results to those who claim
to love their fellow men? . ;
THE SAN FRANC1S<^
WEDNESDAY. . . . ."..V^V. '.'C:. .{ . :APRIL 3; 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Cenmcnicitiona to W, 8- LEAKS, Misiger. *
MAX AGEH'S OFFICE Telephone Prei» ' 2O4
I'LBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Tb-lrd, S. K.
Telephone Pre«« 201. %
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Freu 2O2. i
Delivered br Carrier", 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. 5 Cents. ,
- * Terms .by. BX&il... Including:, Postacei ' <
DA",7 CALL, (Including Sunday), one rear...."..'. $(.00
TAILT CALL, Ondsdlns Sunday). « months *-00
DAILY CALL flncladlng Bandar). S months 1.C0
DAIL.T CALl^-By Single Month «8c
SCKDAT CALL, One Tear 1.60
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1.0*
All postmaster*! are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Campla copies will be forwarded when requested.
Matl robsertbers in ordering ehanre of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
DAKLAXD OFFICE. ;.... .111.8 Broadirar
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kutrer foreign Atrtrtiilng, Kirq&ttt) Building. Citings.
(Ions; Distance Telephone "Central 2813.")
NEW- YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOir. ...Herald Square
JVEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: . ' .
STEPHE5 D. SMITH SO tribune Bnildlnc
NEW YORK NFT8 STANDS: •
Wiidcrt-Arlcrla Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Square;
Jintrar EU1 HotaL .._*/
CHICAGO NEWS ETAKD8:
Bhermaa House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium HoteL
.WASHnCGTOjr <D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St. W..W.
MOIiTOX E. cil A XE. Correspondent.
BRAKCH OFFICES— £27 Montcoinery." corner of Oar. 'open
until *:30 o'clock. SCO Hares, open until 9 :S0 o'clock. CJJ
McAllister, open ontll 8:M o'clock. €15 Lcrkln, open nnt'l
f.tO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C56 Valencia, open
entll 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until ft o'clock. NW. cor
¦•* TwentT-**cor»a. and "Kentaekr. open until •.o'clock.-
6
AUCTION SALES.
By S. TVatklns — Thursday/ April 4, Horses and Buggies, at
corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By G. H. Umbsen— Thuntfay, April 18, at 12 o'clock.' Busi-
ness Property.' at 14 Montgomery street.
The quickest . relief for a
cold is by Scott's emulsion of
cod-liver oil.
¦, You will find the edge taken
off in a night ; and, : in .three or
four days, you'll be wondering
whether that cold amounted to
anything anyhow.
That's relief. If you tackle
it quick, the^elief is quick; if
you wait, the relief won't
come— you know how colds
"We'H 'end you a little totry.ltjmt Eke,
SCOTT i B0WNE, W Pearl x nM
COLDS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The mines of Yukon' district, Alaska
employ o28) men, -who receive an averaea
wage of $1 an hour. *
A Book on lian Francisco.
Tie Santa Fe has Just -Issued a beautiful
booklet descriptive of San Francisco and Ticin-
lty, lavishly lllustratea with artistic half-tones
and a number of up-to-date maps. *¦*".' -;
Copies may be had : by sending . 10 : cent* in
¦tamps to tbe General Agent, Santa Fe at
641 Market 'st.. San Kranclsco. . >-¦.-.*¦ ,
There Is no distinction of parts- of
speech In the Chinese language, and no
recognition of the principle of inflection-
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. - •
Easter chocolate ' cream and fancy col-
ored cream e?gs. baskets of esrsrs etc*
Townsend's, 639 Palace Hotel. ' •
A nice present for Easter— Townsend'a
California glace fruits. In splendid fire-
etched boxes, 50c 1T>. 633 Palace HoteL •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. »
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Cull »nb«crlb«T» contemplating a chance of
rcside-.iCf dnrlne tbe summer month* can nave
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresBes br notifying The Call Business Office.
Thin p -nill tlio.be on sale at all nn miner
reiorti and la represented toy a local agent In
all taiTDS on the coast.
AMUSEMENTS.
Cent»l-"Th. Gladiator.". .¦¦ ¦ _ .
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Tennessee's Partner.**
Grand Opera-noiiae— "Cinderella,". Saturday night
Columbia—' 'The Little . Minister." . .' ; .:.' '
TivoH— "The "Wedding Day." . ¦"*¦'"- "^E??.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties. . '
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— VaudevUle.
Tanf oran Park — Races. , 'CAUSES THE ARREST OF
HIS SISTEB'S LOVEB
George X. Baker Complains That
Simpson .Maxwell Has Threat
ened to Kill Him.
Simpson Maxwell, a young Scotch me
chanic, appeared in Judge Cabanlss' court
yesterday on a charge of threats to kill.
The complaining witness was George T.
Baker, 462% Minna street. Maxwell used
to room in the house of Baker's mother
and he fell In love with the daughter, a
pretty girl, 15 years of age. Mrs. Baker
and her two sons objected to Maxwell's
attentions and he was forced to leave the
house and seek a room elsewhere. He
and the girl met occasionally surrepti
tiously, but when the brothers discovered
it the girl was kept under surveillance.
In desperation Maxwell called at the
house and it was then that he' was said
to have used* the threatening language.
The Judge questioned Baker and got him
to admit that all he wanted was to have
Maxwell arrested bo that he could "have
the law on him." The Judge continued
the case till May.l and allowed Maxwell
to go on his own recognizance.
Mary Buyia Resists Foreclosure of
. Mortgage Given in Settlement of
j Son's Peculations. ?
The ¦ action instituted .. by U Scatena to
foreclose a mortgage of $1500 on property
at Green and Mason streets, belonging, to
Mary Buyla, was submitted yesterday for
decision by Judre Beawell. - Mrs. Buyla
resists the foreclosure proceedings on. the
fTound that the mortgage was obtained
from her under duress; Scatena, she
avers, threatening to prosecute her son,
Nicholas Buyla, who embezzled several
thousand -dollars from him, unless the
mortgage waa issued. . ¦; . : - - .,-... ¦••
Scatena avers . that the ¦ mortgage was
given to him by Mrs. Buyla, on her own
motion .and that he never agreed not to
prosecute her son and never threatened to
prosecute 'him unless the mortgage was
forthcoming. Judge Sea well -will-segre
gate the conflicting evidence and decide
the case within a few days.
AVEKS MORTGAGE WAS
PROCURED BY DURESS
$30.00 from Chicago; $47.00 from New. York:
$27.50 from ' St. . Lotils; $.25.00 from . Mlssoiiri
River points to California via Santa Fe Route.
Tickets g-ood on tourist ¦ and reclining; - chair
cars. : Excursions leave Chicago - every . Tues
day until April 80. See the Santa Fe Ticket
Agent at 641 Market street
Cheap Kates.
HOLSTEIN SAYS HIS
WIFE DECEIVED HIM
Files Suit Against Her to Secure Re
conveyance of Three Pieces of
Property.
George H. Holstein, who resides at Pine
and Devisadero streets, filed suit yester
day against his wife. Belle W. Holstein,
to secure the reconveyance to him of.
property worth $20,000, which, he avers,
Mrs. Holstein secured from him through
deception.
Holstein says that on August 15, 1900,
he became seriously 111 and in order to
protect his wife in event, of his death
¦deeded three pieces of property to her, one
at Oak and Lott streets, another at Pine
and Devisadero streets and the third on
Sacramento street. She recorded the
deeds and on September 13, he avers, she
left him and he has not seen here since.
He declares that he would not have trans
ferred the property to his wife had she
not deceived him as to her rights to the
same In event of his death without hav
ing made the transfer.
•In addition to a decree setting aside the
conveyances, , Holstein asks that a re
ceiver be appointed to take charge of the
property during the pendency of the liti
gation. -
TACOMA, April 2.— Sta^e Pure Food
Commissioner McDonald Is preparing a
list of his rulings preparatory to a strict
enforcement of the pure food law passed
by the last Legislature. A similar law
passed two years ago was a dead letter
because its provisions were conflicting.
The new measure is very explicit and un
der it California and Eastern wholesalers
shipping goods to this State must use con
siderable care if they would avoid prose
cution.
The new law clearly, defines the manner
in which compounds shall be marked with
a stamp of their ingredients, and there is
no possibility under its provisions of sell
ing adulterated food products without be
ing liable for punishment. Any person is
permitted to purchase a portion of a
manufactured product for analysis and if
the product is found to contain impuri
ties and not to be properly marked prose
cution may follow.
Protection for the, retailer is provided.
He may demand /a guarantee of the
wholesaler that the article meet the re
quirements of the State law. In case he
is .provided with such guarantee and a
chemical .analysis shows the goods are
impure the wholesaler will be prosecuted.
If the retailer sells impure goods without
a guarantee of their purity he himself be
comes* liable. . ¦ - ¦
Effect of an Enactment by
the Legislature of
Washington.
emn binding words. There were no at
tendants. The bride looked extremely
lovely in a dainty Paris gown of pearl
gray crepe trimmed with chiffon and re
naissance lace. Instead of the usual or
ange blossoms and wreath a garland of
white roses was worn in the hair. The
only jewel worn by the bride was a sun
burst of diamonds, the gift of her father.
Mrs. A. B. Ruggles. mother of the bride,
wore an exauislte gown of black point
d'esprit embroidered in jet.
After the ceremony a delightful bridal
breakfast was served. Twenty-five guests
sat down to a table artistically decorated
with pink roses and orange blossoms.
After the breakfast the newly wedded
couple left for Del Monte. After a brief
stay there they will go south and then
to Indiana, where the groom's parents re
eide. Their, future home will be in Chi
cago.
The bride is the only daughter of A. B.
Ruggles, vice president of the Stock Ex
change. She is a. belle and enjoys an en
viable reputation as an artist. She was
educated in this city and has enjoyed the
advantages of European travel. While
abroad last summer she met Mr. Mathias
and their betrothal speedily followed. :
Lee D. Mathias is a well-known attor
ney in Chicago, where -e is a member of
the law firm of Aldrich, Mathias &
Phipps.
RIGID PURE FOOD
LAW IN FORGE
SAN FRANCISCO BELLE AND CHICAGO CORPORATION LAWYER,
WHO WERE MARRIED YESTERDAY MORNING AT THE HOME OF
THE BRIDE'S PARENTS IN THIS CITY.
• ¦ 1 * ¦
Only the immediate relatives and a few
Intimate friends were present when Rev.
Father Prendergast pronounced the sol-
STANDING under a canopy of pink
and white roses, Miss Lyllyn Rug
glcs and Lee D. Mathias were
married yesterday morning at the
home of the bride's parents, 812
Post street.
The twenty-fourth annual session of tho
Grand todge of California, Ancient Order
of United Workmen, opened in Odd Fel
lows' Hall yesterday morning with nearly
400 representatives from all parts of tha
State and the following named grand
officers present: -;•¦>. .
! Past grand master workman, J. M. Collins;
grand master workman. Charles E. Snook;
grand foreman, ~W. E.- D. Morrison: grand
overseer, E. A. Freeman; srrand reeorder, C.
T. Spencer: grand receiver, , Samuel > Booth ;
deputy grand master workman,. Edwin Dan
forth; grand medical examiner. Dr. J. L. Ma
yon; grand lecturer, William H. Barnes; past
grand master workmen— William H. Jordan,
William H. Barnes, Duncan McPherson, F.
Adams, D. S. Hirshberg, James T. Rogers, J.
N. Young, George B. Katzenstein, Edwin Dan
forth, Sam Booth. E. F. Loud, A. C. Bane,
James Booth, William Vinter, George H.
Bahrs and J. M. Collins. • -
Immediately after the opening of the
session the Grand Lodge degree was con
ferred upon 200 past masters entitled to
receive the same and the appointment of
special, committees made. Then - followed
the. presentation of tn« reports ' of the
grand officers, which were referred to the
committee on distribution. The substance
of these reports has already been pub
lished in The Call. . .
The time for sessions waa fixed at from
10 to 12 in the forenoon and from 2 to 4
in the afternoon. ;
W. H.. Jordan, past supreme master
workman, was introduced as the represen
tative of Supreme Master Workman
Walker and was appropriately received by
Grand Master Workman Snook.
At the afternoon session R. A. Sorle of
Excelsior Lodge was introduced* and he
presented to the Grand Lodge a gavel
made of wood of the Hartford. He eavo
a most interesting account of that vessel
and of Farragut, whom he knew from the
age of 10 years.
The annual banquet of the Past Grani
Master* Workmen was held on Monday
evening. There were present:
William H. Jordan. William H. Barnes, E.
F. Loud, B. Danforth, George B. Katzenstein,
George H. Bahrs, Fred Adams, J. N. Young,
D. S. Hirshberu, Jamts Booth, J. M. Collins,
Sam Booth and J Grand Master Workman
Charles E. Snook. ...
After the discussion oi an elaborate
menu congratulations upon the satisfac
tory status of the order at home and
abroad were extended and social converse
ruled' the occasion.
The annual election resulted as follows:
William II. Jordan, president: John N.
Youngr. vice president: "William H. Barnes,
secretary; James Booth, treasurer.
It was ordered that a record be mads
for future reference ot the history and
meetings of the association and the same
be placed in the archives . of j the Gran-1
Lodge by the secretary.
The hall at 32 O'Farreli street was filled
to its capacity last V Monday evening.
President Blackman had the pleasure of
presiding over one of the largest assem
blages of Past Master Workmen that has
ever gathered in that hall. The celebrated
Mogullian team was ' reported to be (in
readiness and this impressive degree was
conferred upon a large number of appli
cants, the rendition of the striking ritual
calling forth hearty expressions of com
mendation. The hour being late and an in
vitation having been received from Mag
nolia Lodge No. 41, which was keeping
"open house," but a short programme was
presented, consisting of stirring remarks
by Grand Master Snook, Past Grand Mas
ters Hirshberg and Katzenstein and an
original song by the ever ready . Sam
Booth. • - ¦¦-.¦¦¦¦-.
On Monday night there was a reception
and banquet in the Red Men's building
given by Magnolia Lodge to the represent
atives to the Grand Lodge. The host Iodg3
entertained the several hundred who were
present in an admirable manner.
Last night there were degree work and
drills by five teams for a trophy offered
by the Grand Lodge. To-morrow night
there will be a promenade concert and ball
tendered to the grand officers 'and repre
sentatives by the 'ocal lodges and on
Thursday the new officers will be elected.
Gavel Made of Wood; of the
Flagship Hartford Is
Presented.
Grand Officers and Representatives
Entertained by Magnolia Lodge
and by the Past Masters'
Association.
WORKMEN GRAND
LODGE CONVENES
In the Divorce. Court. -
i>ecreea of divorce "wrere grranted yester^ '
day to Sophie Wiener from Louis Wiener ,
for cruelty and Effle E. Larsen from An
tone Larsen for failure to provide. Suits
for divorce on the ground of desertion -
were filed yesterday by Arey A. Dudley .
against Edna H. Dudley and George Pon-.
arouse against Lavlna Ponarouse.
Mech.anics' Institute Meeting.. ;'|
The board of directors ciC the Mechanics'
Institute, held their, regular semi-monthly
business .meeting at the. 'Institute last
night. :. r : :-':: -¦;¦*¦ '-I- <*. ¦* ¦ '
In response, to , a reauest . from '.represen
tatives . of Harvard- University -it was
Unanimously - voted that the use of the
library should be given for 'the entrance
examinations to that Institution. ,¦ to be
held In * San Francisco next June. : In - ac -
cordance .with the decision of the trustees
at the last;meetlng President S." C. Irvliisr
appointed : the 4 following named members
of the board to consider the feasibilitv of
establishinsr a new \ library -•. to • take the
place 'of the .present- "cne, which is too
small to 'meet the neorls ofi the institute:
Luther Wagoner,' R. Jr.Ta'isslgr; Otto von
Geldern, George H. Wallis and George F.
Day. i • ; : ¦ • '; ¦:-,: ¦ -
The schooner Louis from Portland was
towed in ; b>v the > tup Traveler last night.
The < schooner • struck when crossing , the
bar and . ¦was leaking badly /when the
Traveler 'overhauled 'her. • The latter ves
sel was bound to San : Francisco, 30 she
tcok the Louis In tow and brought her In.
THE -SAN GAlulI, WEDNESDAY, 3, 1901^
MISS LYLLYN RUGGLES
WEDS LEE D. MATHIAS
Quiet Lenten Ceremony Makes Beau
tiful Californian the Bride of Promi
nent Corporation Lawyer of Chicago
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
No larder is complete without
a pail of WHITE COTTO-
LEXE. Xo household can be
called "well regulated" that *. de-
nies itself this improvement in
domestic science.
The age of progress in which
we live demands that we lay aside
such indigestible, unpalatable
substances as hog fat and eat
foods that are wholesome and ap-
petizing.
White
Cottolene
Is a pure, vegetable product.
There is no department of cook-
ery in which it will not give bet-
ter results than butter or lard,
using one-third less.
As WHITE COTTOLEXE
is neutral — having no taste or
smell — it brings out all the nat-
ural flavor and goodness of food.
Try it to-day.
¦ The NJCFalrbank Company,
Cbicago_Solo Manufacturer*.
CDCCt Our dainty booklet.
I ALL- - A p ub n c secret."
mailed free to any address.
For two 2c 8tamp« we will
send free our 113-pape reelp*
book. "Home Helps." edited
by Mrs. Korer. . , • ¦
P. S.— No Hog Fat in COTTOLENE
PPPCFS ELECTHIG BELT]
* America Ahead of tte World In Klectrlml Icren- 4
? tion*: ETerybcxJr knowe Uii»! our new Hody-}
? Batwry, (I*. S. Ps, wnt) is strictly aa American'
t Invention- r II K Kelt of the t>ntary. It ffnds a ,
f powerful, reversible current through the human ,
Lbodr from Head to t «.ot. curing Cfironic and.
L Kerroas I>iaeases and n>nknr-fscl Mule or female 4
». as Jf by Matric 6o poeitire are tre that no other «
»¦ bell is tbe enml of *' I>r. I'Jerw'e." that we will send '
fit m.V APPROVAL lor comi>arl*oo v.ith aoTbelt'
¦ bow told la America. ** f feiae It BeSleTiEt." |
I ' KOTE.— \Te never send lieltn "On Tril," there- < |
i- fore In ordering "l>r. I'ierce's" no ri«k is run of 4
M.in Ulwxr or other Disordert by"
onsinc an appliance ppevlo««lv worn br nthrrj
1 • penona. Call, or *+ ad a Sc stamp for cew ''Booklet '
•No.2.' Address: PIEBCli KLKCTRICCU.l!
| . 1 145 Rroadtrar, 'near 2G:)i St.) New York, i
tOr 62O Market Stxc-et. San Francisco.*
rrn CKICMC«TER*8 CNCU8H
Peknyrqyal pills
f i .-^S*"*N. Original and Only 4<9a«laav
p-lSVHth. t0T CHICUESTEK'S ENGLISH
in J1EI> »n<J Cold mettle boxei. »«i1kI
& r" h biBt ribboa. X»k e ¦• other. B«flu«
I fw tlon«- Bay of yesr Ilminn, or wod 4c. la
¦» ' Jf «uu» far Parttealars, Testtmonlalo
\\?« fa u>6 " Relief torLnMf,*** Uit>r,ij rt-
_> v ' if turn Mall. Hl.OUO Te.titDoaU'.i. Soidbj
~ — ""/ iIIDnialiu. Cbl cheater C'bemleal C»,
%«>i«it.'»UiS^*, M 0 Els Qtit non-pdscaoa
remedj for Gonorrhoea,
J&UarCClir.b'%[& Gleet. SpermatPirhaa,
ZB£|yio 1 uldm.XS White*, unnatural dU-
£j&*J Ouruinl H charge . or any iDSmmt-
BJStm not u> •trtcwre. Uon. i ritation or ulcera-
!?»' *j PrtTccu ecnuticn. tloa ,1 nacom mem-
D7riTHtE«»isCKt«!C«iCl br»n««. Kon-Mtrinjtat.
Ug5Le:HoiiMn.o.En| ••"•¦yDr.BWs,
XrV^CW. V S.X. \MXSr or eent izx PS»'n wrapper,
' J!S£- '«8W. " fc y express, prepaid, tot
V^JPfTrTrtsffrH O- 00 - or s bottle*. |2.79.
B Cl:»lsr tent on reqcMt.
ABVESTISEMENTS.
mV^/V**? 1^?^ — Q ft Left
4>\\ l\i'-f f/b
w.\l\ -yy has no terrors / r , If a
\1 1 '-W for the <Jy*pep«c / vF
t )ytLl IB "vhen it is made I w *yf
jAZ , ¦ It «• perfectly digestible, which %V
arm lard is not. It is cleanly and free VM .
I * from <S»ease-taint to which «wine, TS
I from which lard it made, are Cable. 1
I Dyspeptic* can with impunity 1
I enjoy food made with it. "It goes /.;'*•; I
L twice is far as lard or butter and is J
1 therefore cheaper. Wesson** Salad jj I
1 Oil is rar greater ralue than the finest -- /
I olive oil and has the same flavor. I
1 Ask your friendly grocer to supply • r
J ' you with Wesson'* Oils. W
¦ ' ASSESS mBsT - ttS& ' Ml M ' W . Sw ¦' U B m '•• ¦' ' 3 , It B ¦ HjaB I -.A. B Em^EL. %Ii<uXK ' * i*J& ~ B M ki ¦ eH tf flP^ S £ S K&S&
BHSmHworV Hh ¦ M^B m B BB SA ' m Jm - M mm 0 Bjlffiraj fl a KM ¦MHiKB^BSi hBEbS KSOESS Dial Ef ''B; mr M B ¦ m m IW wrflj :
™iIIB^LA ? P' 'iWL ' i ™'' PrHJSff nJS- ml :> WK^Cw^JH f - Mf fSBS mm B fl \a B a 'Bit BB"K • M&m 1
EDE^v M '-' ¦CTSr^i ' B -•- ¦ WSBf AW^-nBy^^r^Bss^r^^^Bassssr^^^Br^^^^BSSM^^^ " mtt^B ' - w »^^^T»^^^^s^^^P^JyBMB - tEB2m^*^^^B^^^^^T^^^B&5SBa ' W KV j»P**^WtJ I' Km " JBPm fflaa JBffi& a t
- ' BH^Sw Jk ¦ " WOT » M Kb r H JH • W M^aZr B * '*' Bt ' m ' Wtm ' t\ - BfBBu '¦¦¦¦ * Br * B ¦ Vl i Br ' - r B' awaSSBj "fl^RQC^.^8f ffV x, ¦sSZaBBM W a W Br M T^B Bm BQ&BLtB&^mVSB^Bj 9
Kslnf nv B M*2& ' jBlSk Bl '¦ ~- ktts/BB ¦ ¦¦^^mukk80'^^^ ~ Bi ' ' B >~ t Bm ~ B ' JbEbsv m\ " BM : B Bm ¦ a\ * ¦ stuw^^y^ sn . k sf mBh S9CS9 ' JS Jtt Rj M3 wC^S5teziG^^s£^***^.i^M i:
\Ws b& H m Jy&3 ML flr3 ¦ M jPHb m B * a n ' m 'BBS A' B m JM A • /EJBJfif bW&EF a B Mm wPH J& ££ lVT w $I £* r^
¦ ¦ ' ¦-- ¦ r - "u nii.i i mi in m. u_ L i' r -- , , _ _ _ .. '
KjI\ JlMT l Ortt?%lC^y2F^J'^*n f^J^tfiwF "^*^OW ' *' - ' **"" * * ¦sr^^^y«5»ssM»ssHI»sssssBw^B^BIBP>?^^Jfr t »^^»r JsW <t
tSl Ct^S jtjU^fi /|ffi^**"y^». T^**- "* ***- " Wfffr^ftuJi *^.j^ "^J^tt^aZr TnS^* BmWjmVjC^mA.^lljM^
• •• -*H «> *m* A^j^^^r " Ilillj'/ i"^jV^^V T»?Fi i* tV^Ssf^^**^ • T| >Bfelj/!)fc^ y^f ** * if / ¦" .TjwTfllilHEiit^yTffl^^^^^BSS^PfrtM Mtr3?^JS«™ l^*SliM^^f^P?^fc^^A'"' 'tC^mmmX^V^ 1 " t *1 '
a ... r • ' , i , -i ,. ,, ¦ J „ &*M&Gwinf£rjtf v?w your medicine. After taking two bottles I felt fe
3 it is very embarrassing to detail some of the symptoms of W^-^vit-WA^ ' i much better; but after using six bottles I was |
her suffering, even to her family; physician. It was for . H CRACE "-^>»bury || ggg^.^'g,"^^ *%J«™*™£ |
m this reason that years ago Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, at Lynn, ) timely advice and wish you prosperity in your noble work, for surely it 1
@ Mass determined to RfPTi in and hplnhpr rp-jt TTavimrhnrl . is a blessing to broken-down woman. I have fuU and complete faith in 3
r| jyiaBS.,.aeierminea io siep in ana neipner sex. Having naa the Lydia E. Pinkham Vegetable Compound."— grace B. STANS- 1
i considetrable experience in treating female ills with her ' bury, Herington, Kansas. *" j
B Vegetable Compound, she encouraged the women of Amer- : J
1 ica to write to her for advice in regard to their complaints, ig *" 81 , '1? EAB **,**' Pln T ham: - x have been thank " S
M ii • ¦¦<'¦,. .,-., ° , r j :..|{l^!^. . ful a thousand times since I wrote to you for what 9
| and being a woman, it was easy for her ailmg Sisters to J^lllk Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound haa I
m . pour into her ears every detail of their suffering. . W^ done for me - x follow edyour advice carefuUy H
1 In thlB Way She WaS able tO do for them What the phy- TO^^:^^ and now I feel like a different person. F
§ sicians were unable to do/ simply, because she had the j ¦ 2 a' ¦"" W nerZ 7^ 6^" 6 h *f™*e> headache, • j
RJ . . - ,. , i j 2? xi ,.,,, ¦ ¦ I <gr nervous tired feeling, pamful menstruation, '
| proper information to work upon, and from the little group \^, £% and leucorrhoea. I took four bottles cf Vege- j ''
i of womeii who sought her advice years ago, a great army (M; AlL_-vtf^ k I * a * le ' Com P ound » one box of Liver Pills, and i
M of her fellow-beings are to day constantly applying for used one packa^ e of Sanative Wash, and anf |
I advice and relief, and the fact that more than one hundred fsl^^W^^M now ,,T^' , : '. , ; ' : :Vl-> i
w i.u ;;'¦;.,•¦' v, i. r n j. j. j u -»r Hli^hk /ilB^i'a^ I thank you again for the good you. have c
\k thousand of them have been successfully treated by Mrs. "I* ' a ' a '»n«qa , -_rLTA r r^y-^zvr v.,JJ *,
• IJ '-r\- ii •¦•-¦¦ -, . .-, , ... •. ,...-„,, , ' ELLA BRENNER^ I aone Ine * — XtLiljA. Ha. Uitt.iNiNil.i., J^ast Kocnes- B
H Pinkham during the last year is indicative of the grand I' *l t.pr r ah\ n - |
g results which are produced by her unequaled experience : — ~~" ,' I
m and traininff ' " EAR Mbs. Phtkham : — I want to teU you'wnat your medicine has I
H s . , . done for me. I believe it saved my life. I had womb trouble and in- t
| No physician in the WOrld has had SUCK a training:, or Jammation of the ovaries, and was .troubled with flowing too much. It
H t- if i. n ' j- f j. 1. -i. v,. 0 ', -. .:• had two doctors, but they did me no good. After writing to vou, I beean I'
| has SUCh an amount Of information at hand to assist in the the use of your remedies, and to-day I amwelL I cannot say enoughin I
i treatment of all kinds of female ills, from the simplest B1 ?S5! ll « Bll^ al^ ay8 ». praiae ,? o F lr Ve » etaUe compound."— mks. e
. H » ••• ¦'¦. - .v '.,. ' XX1 ¦ ". ;•••¦¦ i. • i i -,. «., • * »*<W' 1j*«O, Box 5^0, bkowhegan, Maine. |
U local irritation to the most complicated diseases of the . ¦¦ -" ' - ¦ •• • |
1 WOmb. . ' ' , I 11 December 23, 1899. I
| This, therefore, is the reason why Mrs. Pinkham. in MmSSi^k a 1L^? lj{3 \ Vrs J nA^''T l Jl el t^ at r! t Is#m7 I
if,,,' i. T T»T • li x j », iMS&^^mL dut y to write and tell you of the benefit I have de- E
a her laboratory at Lynn, Mass., is able to do more for the |^|&ggF/ -^^ rived from the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- |
i ailing women of America than the family physician. Any Hi? 1 table compound, i wrote to you last June and |
H r • «ii/. i -.. HftlB? /^^ t Gs£ described my sufferings. I
m Woman, tnereiOre, IS responsible for herown Suffering ' MS? ." ¦qjp 1^ i( I took seven bottles of your medicine and was I '
i who will not take the trouble to write to^^ Mrs. Pinkham >ui ¦^Z dotm7^°^ 1^' Jfst September i wastoken |
H - _• • ••. ' j ¦ . .. ¦ ¦ •- ¦ • ----- -;irn : . ; t»- ' -j^Z witn a very bad kidney trouble. I was away from g
H f Or adVlCC. t -. / *^2?l nom e and was obliged to return. I started to take I
If ¦rm, x\. i.*^.^ ¦• ¦• i i_« v x xi i -!• i • n\ - / your medicine again and was soon well. I
I ihQ testimonials Which. We are Constantly publishing ','When I wrote to you lastsummer I weighed I
1 from grateful women establish beyond a doubt the power kj^^^fll^fe S nl £ on^ h ". ndred and five - J now wei & h one h ™- \
¦ i!Tj»TiT>'ii. i : tr- -ii-v- ¦/>. ,, WitoK%£$&$sS& dr ed and thirteen. I am very grateful to you for 14
I Of Lydia E. rmkham'S Vegetable Compound to WJftfWp^^lM the good advice you gave me, and would recommend H
a conquer female diseases. " MRS.B.CUNNINGHAM your medicine to all who suffer from female weak- !
H- ' ¦ - : ¦• •'" . JJ tiprs"— MRS. B. rTTTjyfTVrtTTATtT n«t,1oT,/»n| 3
fa (^£l .fffiBBa /&*^&± i^^^fei /^#^ftv f"% J™ \ Sk ff f^% 6^^ - Owing to the fact that some skeptical people have from time to time qnestioned r
i *3P LWBSSb. W m Gf ¦vk&T m' IB &a WM n \LJ he e - tes^ onial lettera. wo are constantly publishing we have E
H T.^kl:' 1 : 'J 1. -.-.'J 1 v ;• I ' :v' '¦ "^¦¦" "-I ¦ ¦¦."¦¦ deposited .with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., $5,000; which will be paid
If : I II- J8f Mk. ¦ - JS mJ^fflF «> any. person who will show that the above ; testimonials are not genuine, or were published before obtainine tha v
n y**JSig0r xsgrj^j^ writers' special permission. — Ltdia E. Pktkham Medicike Co., Lynn, Mass. ° £_
¦ ¦ - - - - - - — ____Z -;prominent in the rally after noon ¦¦ and other
points of notable strength during the day were
Pupar. Anaconda. Amalgamated Copper, Man
hattan and Pacific Mai), which rose from 1%
to 3 points, and Colorado Fuel, which rose an
extreme 7%. The money market was helped by
the disbursements of Government Interest, the
check* for which pessed through the clearing-
NEW TORK, April 2.— To-day's stock mar
ket was tempestuous and uneven. It was
cwept by a storm of liquidation this morning
which caused some violent declines and car
ried prices below yesterday's level throughout.
The bears did cot seem disposed to pursue the
rontest in face of the support they encountered.
Karlier losses were largely recovered but' the
lEte activity and strength of the market cen
tered very largely In .Burlington and Northern
Pacific on a revival of reports of a transfer
cf control of the former. Burlington had sold
down to 1725i on the realizing movement, but
on the rally it gained headway on the belief
that the terms offered to stockholders would be
equivalent to ISO and ,the price crossed that
figure by H and then fell back on realizing.
Northern Pacific touched 37. The general mar-'
kct recovered well after , the shorts began to
rover and the turn bad baen made, but it did
rot follow Burllngton_and Northern Pacific to
a marked extent in their final 6purt and the
closing was decidedly Irregular on renewed
profit-taking. The early break was In Eome
part due to the perception that the United
ftates Steel stocks had been opened high by
manipulation and that realizing in them I was
very large. The Southwestern . railroads were
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. April 2.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3500.
Including 200-;Texans; steers • steady, others
firm ; sood " ; to prime Ftt«rs,"i $5@6; ; poor . to ¦ me
dium, S3 90® 4 SO: stockers - and feeders, ' $2 63©
4 75; cows, $2 6o@4 40; he-ifers. $2 75@4 65;-can
ners," J2ig2 65: bulls,. $2 75@4 40; calves, $4 50@6-
Texas fed steers, . $4 C0@5 ; '. grassers, ' $3 40S4 •
bulls.-$2 50@3 75. ¦:¦ '
HOGS— Receipts to-day,. 14,000; . to-morrow.
Chicago Livestock ¦ Market.
' BOSTON, April 2.— With a much better de
mand and with larger ' sales, -the wool market
here had a better tone this week ' than for a
year . past. The market appears to have set
tled down to a firm basis and, there Is a feel
ing that values cannot ; be forced : any lower.
Holders of wool are not as anxious to sell- as
they were some weeks «agt>, but 'buyers have
not got to the point where they are prepared
to pay any advance.; . -. .
The bulk of the trading was In three grades
and these wools are in good demand. For flue
medium and i 3ne scoured, staple - in, 40@43c la
asked, while strictly staple lots call for 45@46c
Quotations: • -. . ¦ •-
Territory scoured basis — Montana, fine med
ium and fine, 14@15c; scoured. 42@i3c; staple
45@46c. Utah, .Wyoming and Idako, fine med
ium and fine, 12@14c;- scoured,' 40042c; staple
44©46c. • ¦ .;.
Australian scoured basis — Spot prices, comb
ing . superfine, nominal,- 6S@7Oc;' good, 64@65c;
average, 60@63c
Boston Wool Market.
Wheat. United . States and Canada, east cf
Rockies, decreased, 849,000 bushels;- afloat for
and in Europe, increased, 1,300,000. Total sup
ply Increased. 451.C0O bushels. A
Corn, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased, 1,001,000.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decreased, 492,000 bushels. ¦ • • - . r
The combined stocks of wheat at Portland,
Or., Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., decreased
238,000 bushels last week.
NEW YORK, April 2.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in visible supplies, com
pared with last account: -
Visible Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May. July.
Opening ;«« 6%
Closing 6H 6H
PARIS.
Wheat— March. May- Aug.
Opening 18 65 - 13 35 .
Closing IS 60 19 35
Flour
Opening 23 55 24 50
Closing 23 60. 24 55
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Showers Wednes
day; continued cool weather: brisk west wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California— Cloudy unsettled weather
Wednesday; probably light showers;- brisk
southwest winds. t * •
Nevada— Rain Wednesday, continued cool
weather. ' : '
Utah — Showers Wednesday, cooler Wednes
day night; high southerly winds. .
Arizona—Cloudy Wednesday; fresh Boutherly
winds.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during, the
pest twenty-four hours over Utah, Nevada and
Southern Idaho. It has risen slowly along the
coast north of Cape Disappointment. The tem
perature has fallen from 10 to IS degrees over
Oregon and Northern California,
Rain has fallen generally north of Fresno.
' High southwest winds are reported at all
stations In Nevada and Utah. '<:'-•'¦ i
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April 3: • . -
¦ Northern California — Showers Wednesday;
brisk southwesterly, continued cool weather.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
54; minimum, 46; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Mrs E L Oakes. L An J D Perry. Petaluma
J R Hlller, Chicago F H Green. Fresno
M C Seyman & w. N Y G Turner & w. Modest
Miss M Egan. Minn N O Moore & w. Iowa
S H Smith. Gllroy V C Pickenpaugh Cal
W Cox, Chicago O . M ' Turner. Cal
W F Barnes, Los Angr J Hirshberg & w. Mont
A P E3tabrook. Orepn E L Herlls. Bkrsfleld
C Hughes, R Bluff A. B C Dowdell Cal
I Horton. Livermore J X) Monroe & w. Cal
M M Harris, Los Ang W p Lowry, Los Any
G J Grau & w. Detroit W R Fisher. Stockton
Mrs A M Rogers. LAnR F Crowell. Stanford
Mrs A S Berger. L An L Zlnkelman & w.
0 O Matt3on. Bkrsflald Boone City
R M Hopkins & w. D H Dollar. S Cru»
Seattle Mrs G Peltier. Cal
D K Stoddard, Merced Mrs F Cox Cal
J Jj Francis & w, Cal AC Kinsstenon & w.
J R Yekkers. Cal Lcope
H H Forney, Sacto M A Nurse. Sacto
W H Wood. Rochester W A Brings. Sacto
Miss L Adler. Pittsbg A E Bradbury, N T
H Adler, Pittsburg J P Adams, Denver
W L Morrissey. Ill 3 H Hale. Elko
Mrs Rubensteln. Sacto T W Marchant. ir *
G- P Wellcome, Mont son, Ohio
A B Lemmon, S Rosa Mrs M Wegan. Ohio
D M Curtz, San Jose R M Bacheller, Mo
Mrs Sheehan. Vallejo J H Elllnston. Wls
H C Swain, Red Bluff G E Roe. Colorado
R D Grant & w. Utah Mrs E Martin & son.
J R Defreas. USX Idaho
A F McPhall. Reno F W Hubbard. Woodld
F K Merritt & w. Cal RE Corrtgan. Cnicaso
S H Rogers', Cleveland W E Wheelock Cal
F* J Elison, NT LA Whlpple, *CaJ
F Boesch. Cal Mrs J M Dennis. Art*
W Warren. London G McMillan. Oreiron
L E Awbury. t> Ang F D Matthews. Oregon
PALACE HOTEL.
M Potter, Chicago Dr & Mrs Flint, 8n j
1 S Martin & w. S Cy H Hamilton. AT
Mrs R Martin. S Cy W Hamilton. Toadda.
Mrs Arhaai, Sacto H Forney. Sacto
M Dwyer. Sacto 1 Woodsworth. SeatU»
P Shumah. Chicago . G Tyler. Pa cal -"'»
'J B Sharpe. NY C Hamlln ft w, Bosti
Mrs Sawyer & d. N Y C Thorne Tacoma
S Brady, Detroit J Macphorson. Londa
H C Barns U S S B Randolph. Tucson
J C Fredell. 3 B. Ind H S Rindall V T
Mrs Bancroff. Ohio E Rindall N Y
Mrs Shapberg, N H Dr Chambers. >f T
Mrs Lanaman, Ohio Miss .Husbands N T
Mr Lanaman. Ohio R Roberts, w & d Wi
S Beverly, London- A M Brown. Colo*
a L Bailey, Toronto B M Hottinener Par1«
J C Flrdell, S B. Ind E De St Alary' pirta
Mrs Shaw. Mont V Ellery. Sacto
Miss Foster, Mont Mrs Gains Jr ' N Y
W CUy ke . Mont T J Gains XT
Mr Rosenberg- & w, A Brisrbam & •*, t»,_
. Chicago W H Hall. Butte '
Mr Heahy, w A d. Ln E R Hickey o"-
W D Shea. NY I
Raymond and Whltcomb Excursion.
Miss A Campbell, . - B B Toward.
Mrs Shannon. • H H Rtcker*
Mrs Tyler. . R Snow & xr
B Woodbury. Mls» Hapford*- - '
Miss Campbell, 3 Rosenbauni.
Mrs Dlven.
• • NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Krueger. Chicago W Devine. Ill
E Taylor. Seattle H J Devine Tfl
H E Sea. . Seattle . E Lamb. St Lou*
J Johnson. Seattle , E E D-am VH
W Chinn. « Vallejo C^E Eattllirur L»
H Hudson. Keswick Z E Buckner "Sant» R
E D McGrath. St L J Swenson. Seattle
T S Sage. Ind d D PimT Fundaa
?u C r?,i t » h T 11 ' K c F Wilson. Seattle
ISlffiS&JiKSi EE Green. Mead
HOTEL ASRIVAIiSw
GRAND HOTEL.
Same to Jens C. Jensen, lot on N line Wool-
Fey street, 223.42 E of Adeline. E 45 by N 100,
lot 14, block Q. same, Berkeley; $1500.
• Peter and Dorthea Madsen to August Johan
sen, lot on N line of Woolsey street. 230 W ot
Tremont. W 45 by N 100. being lot 13. block
Q, amended map Newbury Tract, subject to
mortgage^- Berkeley: $2000.
Harvey S. and Laura S. Haseltlne to Lillian
M. Doughty, lot on W line of Hazel' street. 264
S of Stuart. "VV 120 by S 63. being lot 33. Map
of University Villa Tract. Berkeley; $500.
D. and- Sophia Dierssen to Frederick W.
Neave, lot on E line of Henry «treet. 2S5 N
of Cedar. N 45 by E 133, being the S half of
lot 10 and N one-fourth of lot 11, block ,
Graves and Taylor Tract. Berkeley;. $750.
John A. Hoots and Cary Howard (by H. B.
Belden. commissioner) to Equity Build Ins and
Loan Association, lot 9, block B, Broadway
and Telegraph avenue Park Tract, Oakland:
$1I2L
Frank L. B. and Kate N. McCIeery to Nicola
Rizzo, lot on NW corner of Fifth and Castro
streets. N 26 by W 75, block 45, Kellersberger'a
map. Oakland; $2500.
Frank and Friederike Stark to F. A. Roy. lot
on N line of Thirty-sixth street. 210.70 E of
Linden. E 52.S6, N. 108.70. W 52.82. S 103.93 to
beginning, block B, on map of portion of Mrs.
M. J. Evoy's property. Oakland: $1000.
R. Charlton to John May, lot on S liae of
West Eighth street, 37 E of Henry, E 30 by S
75. block 52D, map 1 of portion of Gibbons prop
erty, Oakland: $1COO. -
James Mills to J. R. Andrews, undivided one
third Interest in lot on "W line of "Webster
street, 200 S of Railroad avenue. S 70 by W
223:10%. Alameda; $300.
Isaac K. Hall to Lydia E. and Norman W.
Hall, lot on W line of Broadway. 100 N of Ver
non, N . 75 by W S0O. portion of block 13. on
Map of, plat 13. Ro. V. and D. Feral ta, subject
to mortgage. Oakland; gift.
Alameda County.
BEAI. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Board— '" • ¦ ¦ • .,
20'Alaska Packers' Association 127 0O
12 Cal Wine Association .......lOOCO
50 Contra Costa Water .."...:......: 7400
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 67 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co ......;...'.... 21 25
50 Makaweli S Co 40 CO
$1000 MarketiSt R R con 5s..; .....1.121 00
• 25 Oceanic S S Co, s 60....... 45 00
5 Spring Valley Water 9150
- Street—
50 Spring Valley Water 3150
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 Bear Flag 14
28 California-Standard ' 40
600 California-Standard '.. , 41
- 300 Four Oil. Co ; .; 51
15C0 Four Oil Co .: 52
50 Home Oil Co.... ...:. 3 60
-S00 Junction .......... '.'.-.•:; V.;. ...'..... 58
300 Monarch of Arizona 50
Flrem's Fund.235 245 \ ,
BANK STOCKS.
Acnlo-Cal .... 70 77% Lon P & A...146 —
Eank of. Cal..409%410% Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l06 — S F National. 1C0 123
1st N of 8 F. — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German .1S30 1900 Sav & Loan.. — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav TJ... .515 —
STREET RAIimOAD STOCKS.
Californla-st .. — 140 \O S 'L &.H... 40 • — ,
Geary-st ...... 47% — Presidio — SO
Market-st 70 — ' - ¦ •
POWDER STOCKS. . .
Giant Con Co. 80% 81 IVIgorit 2% 3?4
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan ... 7% 8 Kilauea a 21»4
Haw Com ..... 67 — Makawell 39% 40*4
Honokaa 31& 32 Onomea 28% 2!>\4
Hutch S P 20 — Paahau 31% 32&
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. 126 127 Oceanic SS Co 45% —
Cal Fruit Can 98 — • Pac A F A.... 2 . —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.151 — '
Mer Ex Assn. 105 — Par Paint Co. 15- —
Morning ' Scssicn.
:' - Board—
." 50 Alaska Packers' Association 124 50
60 Alaska Packers' Association 123 CO
- 1C0 Alaska Packers* Association 128 CO
25 California Fruit Canners*- .......... 98 CO
100 Cal Wine Association ico oo
300 Honokaa S Co... 3150
300 Honokaa S Co' : 3175
•200 Honokaa S Co 31 62%
10O Hutchinson S P Co 21 50 1
325 MakaWell * Co 40 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 46 00
35 Oceanic S S Co, s 60... .....; 45 00
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 s;%
60 Spring Valley Water....... g 2 oo
60 Spring Valley Water 91 75
: ¦ Street*-
S1000 Hawaiian C & S Co Es ." 102 »3
$1000 Los Angeles, Rail way 5s. :.lll 00
$0000 Oakland Water 5s , 1C0 50
Afternoon Session.
STOCKS
Contra Costa.. 73?474V4 1 Spring Valley. 91 91H
Marin County. 53% — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... — 4 Pac Lt Co — 43^
Eqult Gas...\. 3 3% Sac E R & R. — 43
Mut Elec Lt.. - 8Vi S -F G & E.. 44% —
•O G L & H... 50% 52 San Francisco. 4Vi 4%
Pac Gas Imp. — — Stktn G & E. — 14
WATER
Bay C P C 5s.lO3^ —
Cal-st Cab 5s. 115% —
C C Water 5S.109 —
E L & P 6s...l2S%133&
F & Cl Ry 63. .115 —
Geary-st R 5s. — —
Haw C 5%s....lO6%"—
Haw C 53 102 —
L A R R 5s. .111 —
L A L Co 6s.. — 102
Do gntd 6s.. — ; 104
• Do gntd 5s. 10^ —
L A P R R 53.102% —
Markt-st C 6s.l26}4 —
Do 1st c 5s. 121 122
N C N G R 7s — imi
N R of Cal fis.113 —
N R of Cal 5S.118 —
N P R R 6s. .10tt4 —
N P R R 5s.. .10S&109
N C R 53......UJ — •
O G L & H 5S.1WH —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — —
OakW Co 5s. 100 —
Oceanic SS 53.104 105
Om C R 6s....l23=i —
Pac G Imp 4s. — 100'4
Pk & »R 6s.lO5 —
Pk&OR 63..117 —
Powell-stR 6S.120 —
S E G & R 5s. 95 —
S F & SJV 53.118',$—.
S R of Cal 6s.U0 —
S P R of A 6s
(1909) 113 —
Do (1910) 114 " —
SPC6S (1905,
Series A).... 106% —
Do(Series B)107>4 —
Do (1SO6> 110 —
Do (1912) — —
S P Cist g 5s.l06% —
S P Br R 6s.. 131 —
S V Water 6s. — 113J4
Do 4s ....... 103*4 —
Do 3d mtg..lO2%,—
Stkn G & E 6slOO —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. . Bid.Ask.
4s coupon. 113%1139i 4s coupon.... 1.138^4133
4s registered.. 113Vill3?i 3s quar coup..lll%112
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, April 2—2 p. m.
There was rather more fluctuation on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, though
business was nothing extra. California Fruit
Canners ' sold at $93 and Alaska Packers at
$124 50@126. ' Spring Valley Water was lower
nt $91?4, Mafcawell at J49, Hutchinsqn at. $21 50,
and Oceanic at $46@45. "•
There were no changes worthy of note In the
afternoon.
There was very little change in the oil stocks
In the morning.
The Yellow Jacket Mining Company has lev
ied an assessment of 10 cents per share.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 30 cents per share on the 5th.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 25 cents per share on the 5th. .
The volume qf business transacted in the
market for evaporated apples reached moderate
proportions to-day. Demand came mostly from
exporters. The -close was quite firm with a
tendency toward a higher level of values.
State common .apples were quoted at 3@4c;
prime. 4@4 1 / £c; choice, - 5@5%c, and fancy, 6@
6%c. -
California <jried fruits were Inactive and
nominally steady.
PRUNES— 3'A©7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, SU©
PEACHES— Peeled, 12',£@20c ;_unpeeled, hVj.'S
10c, • .
DRIED FRUITS.
* ; — -*
NEW YORK. April . 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
26,444 bbls.; exports, 8575 bbls. ¦ Weak again and
a shade lower. Influenced wheat. Winter pat
ents. 53 60@4; winter ' straights, $3 40&3 50;
winter low grades, $2 2o@2 35.
WHEAT— Receipts, 58,900 bushels; exports,
64,058 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 90%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 78%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, £8%c f. o. b. afloat; 'No. 1 hard
Duluth, 9U4c f. o. b. afloat. Options were ner
vous and weak nearly all day. reflecting active
liquidation, bearish foreign advices,- favorable
crop news and heaviness in Northwest markets.
They finally rallied slightly on covering and
closed barely, steady at %c net decline, being
helped by export business. May, 78 11-16®
79 9-16c, closed 7916c; July, 78%@79 13-16c.
closed 79V*c; September, 78%@79'4c. closed 7S%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet. '.-
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice.
6%(S6T4c; mild, dull; Cordova. 8U®12ttc Fu
tures closed steady, with prices 5@10 points
ret higher. Total sales were 23,500 bags, in#
eluding: May, $5 60; July, $5 70@5 75; Septem
ber, '$5 85: December, ' $6 05@6 10; February.
$6 15; March. $6 20.
SUGAR— Steady to firm; fair refining. 3HI8 1
3 17-32c; Centrifugal, 96 test, 4 1-lSe; molasses
sugar, 3 9-32c; refined, firm. . •
BUTTER— Receipts, 9932 packages; firm;
creameries, 16<322c; factory, ll@14Vic.
EGGS — Receipts, 24,138 , packages; strong;
Western at mark, . 13'^ ; Southern ; at mark,
12%<gl3Vic. ¦
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
There was quite a quantity of Game In and
Poultrv and Game.
¦Receipts of Asparagus about balance the de
mand at the moment' and. prices show no
marked- change. ', . Rhubarb has been in ; mod
erate ¦ receipt for some days, and ¦ firm prices
have ruled in . consequence. Peas cleaned up
well yesterday, in ; spite of free receipts.' and
the market was firmer in the forenoon than at
the beginning. There , were no receipts from
the south worthy of note. ' ¦ ~
Potatoes and Onions show no further change.
Both are steady, with one or. two exceptions.
Receipts were 1179 :'. boxes ' Asparagus. ¦ 472
boxes -Rhubarb. ,554 sacks Bay Peas and 238
sacks New ' Potatoes.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65@S5c; Burbanks,
20(2 50c for . River and 60c®11 for Oregon; Gar
net Chiles from. Oregon.- 80c«?>$l; Sweets, 60@6oc
for Merced; New Potatoes. l®2c per lb.
; ONIONS — $2?}2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions, 75c{8
$1 50 per : sack; ¦¦'. Australians, $3 50@4; Green
Oninos. : 25@40c per. box.
-VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. S5c@$l 50 '. per box;
Asparagus. :• $2 25©2 60 - for - fancy. ; $1 75® 2 per
box 'for "No. 1 and $1(21 50 ¦ for No. 2; Green
Peas, 3@3%c for Bay; String Beans, 7@Sc; Cab
bage, 65c ; ..Tomatoes, , Los Angeles, . $1@1 50 : per
crate; from Mexico, * $1<? 1 25 per crate; Egg
Plant; : Los .Angeles. 15@l,7%c . per - lb: , Green
Peppers,-^ Los Angeles,- 12%S?15c per Ib'for Chile
and 15c for Bell; Dried Peppers; 12@18c; Dry
Okra.' 25c per lb; Carrots.' 25@35c per .sack; Hot
house Cucumbers,' 75c@$l 50: per dozen ;; Summer
Squash. ?1<J1 10 per box: ; Garlic.' 4@6c'per lb;
Marrowfat Squash, $20@SO per . ton ; Mushrooms,
15@20c per . lb. ~ " - ...
The Bean market has been featureless since
the last Government award. Llmas are very
strong and White . are, well held" at previous
prices, but colored are In large supply and
weak. ¦; Seeds remain nominal. «. "¦ ,
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50®2 65; Small White, $4 63
©4 90; Large White. $404 15: Pink, $1 80@2;
Red, $3©<3 25; Blackeye, $31^3 25: Llmas, $6@6 15;
Pea,' nominal; Red Kidney, $4@4 50 per. ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax,. $2 50®3; Canary, 3% @
3»ic for Eastern; Alfalfa,- 7i,4@S%c for Califor
nia and 9@9%c for Utah; Rape, 2@3 1 ic; Hemp,
3%c: Timothy. 6UO.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl;. Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions, and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
The Hay market is receiving. a\\. it can
stand from: the country, and the feeling U
soft In consequence. Bran continues firm under
light arrivals.
BRAN— $15 50@16 per ton. ¦
: MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16 60@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal. $21®
25 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15016. '
HAY— Volunteer, $5@8: Wheat. $11@13: Wheat
and Oat, $9012; Oat, $9@11 60: Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa $S@9 60: Barley, $7 60@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@i7%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras,- $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
@3 ¦'¦¦'
silLLSTUFFS— Prices in- sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, S3 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, |4 50; Hom
iny $3 50®3 75; * Buckwheat Flour. $4©4 25;
Cra'cked Wheat. $3 50; Farina," $4 50: Whole
"Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),
$6 10@7 60: In sacks. $5 75@7 25: Pearl Barley,
55; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, ?6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstufts.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesslon-9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls.7O9ic. May— 2000, 74V4c; 4000, 74»*c; 2000,
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, 70%c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls.
74%c; 2000, 75c. December— 2000, 70%c; 2000, 71c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Receipts continue light, the demand
is slack and prices have not changed much for
a long time. White. Jl 35@1 50; Surprise, nom
inal; Red, $1 30@l 45; Black, 81 15@1 25 per ctl.
CORN— There have been no receipts from the
East for some time, owing to the strong and
concentrated market . there. Business is dull
and quotations continue more or less nominal.
Yellow, ?1 10@l 15; White, Jl 10@l 15; Eastern
Mixed. $M2% Per ctl. « • . . - •
RYE— Offerings continue free and the mar
ket is dull; 80@85c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 6o@l iO per
ctl', ex-warehouse.'
Informal Session — 9:15 • o'clock — December— ¦
6000 ctls, $1 05; 2000, $1 04%; 28,000,$l 04%. May—
2000, $1 02%; 6000, . $1 02^; 10,000, $1 02%; 8000,
$1 02»i.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 01»i; 6000.
$1 01V4.- December— 6000. $1 04%. '
Regular Morning Session— December— 36,000
Ctls, SI 05.
Afternoon Session— December— 8000 ctls,
$1 04%. May-2000, . 5 $1 01>£ ; 2000, . $1 01% r 2000,
$1 OVA. ¦" ' ¦ '' •'¦ ¦ ¦•*-"' ¦ — - ¦ •
BARLEY— The rain ' weakened the feeling in
this grain, and the demand fell off correspond
ingly. Futures were lower. I
Feed, 78%@80c for choice bright. 77%s for
No 1 and 75c for off -grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. S2»,4@87i£c; Chevalier, nom
inal. "
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are lower at 32s 9d
and 35s for large and medium carriers respec
tively,- usual ¦ options. The H chartered -wheat
fleet In port has a, registered tonnage of 17,975,
against 23,565 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 9440 tons, against 1736; on the way
to this port.) 156,300 tons, against. 182,000.
WHEAT — There was no news' of any conse
quence yesterday, as It was a holiday at Chi
cago. New York/ Liverpool and Paris were
all weaker. . The San . Francisco market de
clined, both on , and . off call, .though futures
subsequently recovered somewhat.
Spot Wheat—Shipping, . ?1;- filling, $1 02^@
1 05 per ctl.'-
Wheat and' Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....... — : $4 S6H
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 89>i
Sterling Cables ..:.... — 4 90Vi
New. York Exchange, sight — 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — • , 15
Sliver, per ounce — W
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 50 @ 51
Exchange and Bullion.
SAX FRANCISCO. April 2—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last'eeason, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: ' ¦•¦' * '
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Mail rer>orts frcm New York say:
"With the demand for prunes eliminated, the
dried fruit market would be about as dull and
unprofitable as it has been at any time in
months. Prune3. however, continue to go out
freely in small lots and stocks are still very
light. The greatest shortage Is on 50-60s, which
are now quote! close to the association basis,
'j-his undoubtedly will be the size which deal
ers here will first be forced to buy from the
Cured Fruit Association on the coast. The spot
market at present is firm on practically ail
Fires. When the scarcity is relieved, as it
soon must be, by arrivals from California, some
are looking for a partial return to the low
P "^> far as can be learned the reduction in
export -pricee will have little effect on this or
anv other domestic market, since while under
lavorable conditions it would be possible for
a dealer here to secure prunes at the export
prices on retain shipment, with expense of
transportation added, but the length- of time
it would take to do this would brins tha Trim
here in the warm weather and at a time when
the trade is inactive. Some surprise is «
i,re«*d at the afrociatlon's move. The opin
ion if tha-t Tt is too late In the season to pro
duce results satiFf acto-. y to the' members, since
the foreim markets have access to low-priced
prunes in quantities beyond the requirements
of the consuming trade on a basis too low to
«<1mit of successful competition from CalUor
n! "RalFins ere dull. A little inquiry Is reported
for Cs.l'fornia Sultanas at about 7c. Supplies
of BultMM are light. Bleached Sultanas can be
•"Knpeefed peaches are very sick." The mar
ket has slumped decidedly, and even at the de
cline there isf very little trade. Peeled are
offered flower also. -Apricots are ; dull _and Leasy
Prime evaporated appies are a little firmer, but
trtre is little business doing. For prime 4»»c Is
bid and 4*|c asked."
Dried Fruits in Nczv York.
"In cpite of the unfavorable conditions dur
ing the past week, which has been an excep
tional one during the present remarkably good
eeascn. crops have made a fair growth and are
reported in very good condition, with the ex
ception of late sown wheat in the southern
districts. In the south and nearly all other
sections rain will be needed soon to assure the
large crops which have been expected. Early
eowii vheat is heading out in many places and
U looking strong and thrifty. Alfalfa is in
good condition and green feed is abundant in
most places. Early vegetables are in market.
"Deciduous fruits have been considerably in
jured by frosts during the week, but no ac
curate estimate of the loss can be made at this
time. In portions of Yolo County It is reported
that the apricot crop on the lowlands is entire
ly destroyed. Other deciduous fruits have un
doubtediv suffered to some extent and grapes
have been nipped. Cut worms are also damag
ing fruit in some localities. Citrus fruits have
not been injured and are looking well.
"Nearly normal temperatures have prevailed
throughout the State during the week, but the
nights have been cold and severe frosts have
occurred in many places. Light showers cf
rein have fallen in nearly ail sections and in
the extreme southern portion the rainfall was
Mifieieru Vt moisten the soil and improve the
coiiflitl&r. of crops. Hail etorais have occurred
in the central and northern portions, causing
come damage to fruit trees. Drying winds
l.ave aiso I^en injurious in s-ome sections and
the soil is becoming herd and crusted.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdle. section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
The Weather and the Crops.
house to-day., and i made the sub-treasury a
debtor to tiiat institution to the extent of
$2,332,822. But the sub-treasury has already
taken $2,7C2,000 from the market since Friday
notwithstanding a payment on account of a
deposit of $750,000 in foreign gold made at San
• Francisco. Sterling exchange rates were slight
ly lower, but continental exchange hardened
and additional gold exports are expected.
The bond market continued active and ir
regular. Total sales, par. value. $7,715,000. .
United States refunding 2s advanced U per
cent en the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Solds. Stock— • Bid.
22,100 Atchison 63>;
33,700 Atchison prefd 95%
L600 Baltimore & Ohio S2
Canadian PacJnc i '. 9%
1.200 Canada Southern' 63
1,500 Chesapeake & Ohio 46%
L500 Chicago Great Western : 22=i
155,000 Chicago* Burlington '& Quincy 179%
11,400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 3S
8,600 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd.... 75
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois ...116&
3,800 Chicago & Northwestern 1SS&
S&.400 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 138%
20O c C C & St Louis 80%
4,800 Colorado Southern '.. II 1 ,*
1,900 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 46H
L5C0 Colorado Southern 2d. prefd 21V4
6.300 Delaware & Hudson 172Vi
1.200 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western..217',
1,200 Denver & Rio Grande 46
2,100 Denver & Rio Grande pref d 97U
3S.200 Erie ...:....'.. 37?*
13.700 Erie 1st prefd 69%
2,200 Great Northern prefd 202
7,400 Hocking Coal 20 •
SCO Hocking Valley 64V£
1,600 Illinois Central- .138%
LOCK) Iowa Central 31%
SO0 Iowa Central prefd '. 61
3,100 Lake Erie & Western 63>/i
Lake Erie"& Western prefd 123
Lake Shore 210*4
14,500 Louisville & Nashville 101V»
S9.900 Manhattan Elevated 129%
6.3O0 Metropolitan Street Railway 165%
7.400 Mexican Central 21T*
300 Minneapolis & St Louis S6U
600 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd.. 112
27,300 Missouri Pacific 102%
200 Mobile & Ohio 81
21,000 Missouri Kansas & Texas ..-.. 26V*
23,700 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 68%
600 New Jersey Central 153H
20,200 New York Central ; 147%
5,300 Norfolk & Western 50?i
". Norfolk & Western prefd 86
84,100 Northern- Pacific , 96^4
19,100 Northern Pacific prefd 93%
S1.9C0 Ontario & Western 38%
-. "Oregon Railway & Nav 42
•. Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
15.900 Pennsylvania ...154'4
11,6*3 Reading 36«i
11,800 Reading 1st- prefd 76^
41,400 Reading 2d prefd 63%
Rio Grande .Western .....SO
Rio Grande Western prefd 104«4
4,000 St Louis & San Fran 43**
St Louis & Ban Fran 1st prefd 83^4
1.000 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd .'61M
2.300 St Louis Southwestern 35%
6,900 St Louis Southwestern prefd 65
37,000 St Paul . 15314
200 St Paul prefd iS4Vi
....... St Paul & Omaha 132
27.300 Southern Pacific 46%
18.800 Southern Railway 28%
7.600 Southern Railway prefd 79
67,400 Texas & Pacific 37%
.28.500 Union Pacific 93
8,600 Union Pacific prefd ..; 85%
3.900 Wabash 2014
14.500 Wabash prefd 40%
1,500 Wheeling A Lake Erie 1914
1,500 Wheeling' & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 34^
2,100. Wisconsin Central 20%
Third Avenue .' u'l
ICO Baltimore & Ohio prefd 90
6.200 Kaftiolnal Tube 68'^
1,000 National Tube prefd. t r 120 •
~ Express Companies—
Adams 160
100 American 198
United States , 74
Wells Karro 144 .
Miscellaneous —
ICO American Cotton Oil 26
American Cotton Oil prefd.. 85
100 American Malting 5J4
American Malting prefd 2;>i
6.G00 American Smeltine & Ref 54^4
3,f«0 American Smelting & Ref prefd:... 94Vi
....... American Spirits 2^
American Sairts prefd 17 ¦"
17.300 American- Steel Hoop 48
- 3.300 American Steel Hood prefd S6 •¦
9.000 American Steel & Wire 49
2,500 American Steel & Wire prefd 112',£
6,400 American Tin Plate 79
4,200 American Tin Plate prefd 12014
13.S00 American Tobacco : 125'/4
American Tobacco prefd.... 144
1,700 -Anaconda Mining Co 45%
17,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 82%
34,100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 64%
3,600 Continental Tobacco 44%
COO Continental ¦ Tobacco prefd 103ii
11,900 Federal Steel 65%
600 Federal Steel prefd ICoH
' 600 General Electric 217»/i
2,100 Glucose Sugar ¦.. 57 "
Glucose Suear prefd ; 97!
3.100 International Parer- '..... 26VJ
-2,600 International Paper prefd... ... 79i»
Laclede Gas S2
COO National. Biscuit 41
National Biscuit prefd.. 95*4
2,300 National Lead ]7
fiCO National , Lead prefd S4V>
2.300 National Steel ." 60U
2,100 National Stfel prefd 11914
200 New York Air Brake 157%
1,000 North American 87
Pacific Coast 55
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 91'£
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
8.100 Pacific Mail „• 37U
9,000 Pecnle's Gas '.....107%
1.200 Pressed Steel Car ;... 39
2,600 Pressed Steel Car prefd S0&
Pullman Palace Car 212
2.500 Standard Ro^e& Twine 5%
23.900 Sugar 140>£
100 Sugar prefd 122
10.400 Tennessee Coal & Iron... ; 65%
6,100 United States Leather.... 13%
2,200 United States Leather prefd 76»i
2.100 United State* Rubber.. 20%
1.000 United States Rubber prefd 6S%
11.400 Western Union 93%
85.200 Amalgamated Copper ..;.101%
19.100 Republic Iron & Steel Co..... 2H4
13.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 77
229.200 U S Steel i 4STA
110,100 TJ S'Steel prefd. 96%
....... P C C & St Louis 67
L646.100 Shares sold. ~ -
CLOSING BONDS.. v
U S 2s ref res......l06U N Y Cent lsts IO714
Do coup 1C6<4 N J Cent cen Es...i33',g
Do 3s reg ...110% Northern Pac 3s... 72%
Do 3s coup 111*4 Do 4s.. ;......105T4
Do new 4s reg. ...138% N Y C & S L 4s.. 107'
Do new 4s coup,.138U N & W con 4s.....lO4ii
- Do old <s reg../..113»» Or Nav lsts ...109
Do old 4s coup...ll3U Do 4s .104U
Do 5s reg 111% Or Short L 6s 128^
Do fa coup ni'i Do con 5s.. ...... .118
Dls of Col 3.65S...123U Reading Gen 4s... 95*4
Atchison gen 4s.. ..102% RGW lsta..' 101%,
Do adj 4s.... 95% S L & I-M con 6s. 116V?
Canada Sou 2ds lOSVi S L & S F'gen 6S.131V?
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO8 St Paul con I... 184%
Do 6s...... .121% St P C & P lstsr..llSV»
C & N con 7s......l41% Do 5s...... .120U
. Do S F Deb 6s... 124 Southern Pac 4s... 93%
Chic Term 4s 96% Southern Ry 6s.... 117
Colorado Sou 4s 88 Stand R & T 6s..; 61
D & R G 4S........102U Tex & Pac lsts.... 120
Erie Gen 4s 83% ,Do 2ds....: ..99
F W & D C lsts... 105 Union Pacific 4«...105 T »
General Elec 5s.... 181 Wabash lsts ......119
Iowa Cent lsts. ....117% Do 2ds...j.... 110%
L & N Unl 4s.. ...102 West Shore 4s.. ...115%.
M K & T 2ds 81% Wls Cent l»ts ..: t 91
Do 4s ¦¦¦•.•• 99% .Va Centuries ...... 95%
MINING STOCKS. I
Adams Com 23 Little Chief ........ 14
Alice 34 Ontario .............9 3?
Breece .......1 25 Ophlr 65
Brunswick Con 25 Phoenix 08
Comttock Tunnel... 06 Potosi ..... ....;:."... 12
Con Cal & Va 195 Savage -09
Silver lower. Sterling ExcJiange slightly higher.
Wheat and Barley easier again. Other cereals dull.
Bran firm. Hay soft under liberal receipts.
No further change in Beans and Seeds:
Potatoes, and Onions as previously quoted. Vegetables steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Bananas and Apples in light supply and firm.
Oranges, Lemons, Limes and Strawberries weak.
Dried Fruits,. Nuts, Honey and Raisins dull.
Provisions in light' supply and firm all over the country.
Hides continue weak and accumulating. Tallow steady.
Hops very strong, with firm bids for the new crop.
Wool continues neglected at about the old quotations.
Hogs still in light receipt and firm.
Beef steady. Mutton and Lamb easier.. -.:-' ' '
Fair demand for stocks and bonds.
Coal weak, with a decline m Bryant.
Weather Bureau reports damage. to fruit by frost.
Reports show commercial failures number
3335 in the first quarter of 1901, : against ¦ 2894
last year. In amount of liabilities there ap
pears a decrease, the figures this year being
$31,703,486, compared with . $33,022,573 in 1900.
Manufacturing disasters . were 710 in number
and $12,504,322 in amount, against' 578 last year
for $13,402,553. In trading concerns defaults
numbered 2468. with an Indebtedness of $14,
622.C06, compared with 21D6 last year owing $16.
318,647. In the other commercial class, includ
ing real estate, brokerage and transporting
failures, there appear 157 firms defaulting
for $4,646,358, against 120. for $3,301,373 in 1900.
The most marked Improvement over last year
is in the banking class, where 21 failures for
$3,441,389 are contrasted with 17 for $2,654,482 a
year ago. ¦ ' ' „.'-.
NEW YORK, April 2.— Dun's Review of April
6 will say:
Dun's Financial Review.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— To-day's statement
of the . treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, (hows: Available cash
balance, $157,634,342; sold, $99,901,114. -
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, April 2.— Money on call steady
at 2 1 /i@3 per cent; r.rime mercantile paper,
3%@4V4 per cent. Sterling exchange steady' at
decline, with actual business in bankers' ¦¦ bills
at $4 88Vi@4 S8'4 for demand and at $4 85 for
sixty days; posted rates, 1 $4 85%@4 89;. com
mercial bills. $4 S4^@4 S4%. Silver certificates,
59%®61c Bar silver, 59c. Mexican dollars,
4S?4c. Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds. Inactive. •.'.-'•.¦'•
LONDON. April 2.— Atchison. 65; Canadian
Pacific, 95V4: U. P. preferred, 87; Northern Pa
cific perferred, 94%; Grand Trunk, ' 8^4; Ana
conda, 3%. . . ¦.-..-/
Bar silver depressed, 21%d per ounce., i
Money, 3ri ( g4 percent. . .... ¦'•¦S : '.
New York Money yiarkct. _¦
Money was steady. •
CLOSING. .
NEW TORK, April 2.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's cablegram says: The holiday ,<spii It
Is restricting . business . on the stock exchange
here now. It* was .very dull to-day. 7 London
bought American shares in the early hours.
This was due to the • encouragement of the
buoyancy in New York yesterday afternoon and
the reports of -the tremendous- dealings there.
When, however. Wall . street opened quiet and
sold off, a damper was thrown upon the market
here/ New York especially sold Union Pacific
shares. The market sagged steadily to the
close. • .
London Market.
Dead wood Terra.... 55 Sierra Nevada .28
Horn Silver. 1 ]0 Small Hopes 65
J r °n Silver 60 Standard ..... 4 00
Leadvllle Con.v C3 ¦ . ¦ -, ¦ ¦ .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
¦Money—. Union Pacific 9214
Call loans 3 4 Union Land 3',4
rime loans .....3',£@4V4 West End 96V4
Stocks— . Bonds — . \
A T & S F 63 Atchlson. 4s .......102
A T & S F pref...; 96 N E Gas &Coke.. 67 ¦--
Am Sugar ..1401J Mining Shares-
Am Sugar pref.... 121 Adventure 14 vj
Bell. Telephone ....170 AHouez Mining Co. 24%
Boston & Albany. .257 Amal Copper... '....101%
Boston Elevated. .174 Atlantic 32
Boston & Maine... 193 L'ost & Mont: 357
<' B & Q 1791J Butte & Boston.... 99
Dominion Coal.... 3S Calumet ' & Hecla.820
Dom Coal pref.. ..Ill Centennial ..... 26
Kc-deral Steel ..„. 55Vi Franklin ...18%
federal Steel pref. 104^ Humboldt 25
FItchburg pref ....144%'osceola 83 -
General Electric... 217 Parrot 62
Gen Electric pref.200 Quincy 177
Ed Elec 111 255 Santa Fe Copper... S'/i
N E Gas & Coke.. 12 Tamarack ..335
Old Conoy ........ 208& Utah Mining 33»4
Old Dominion 35 Winona 4&
Rubber ......:...... m# Wolverines ........ 60^4
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
; CANNED FRUITS— Extras in 2^-Ib tins are
quoted as follows:.- 'Apricots,' $1 50; Cherries, $2
for black and $2 for. Royal Anne; Grapes. $1 35;
Peaches, '• C5c@$l 75; ¦ Pears, $1 85; Plums, $1 33@
I 40 ;; Quinces, SI 63; Strawberries. SI 75. . - •
-'^COAL-^-The " market ' is . weak ; and " Bryant is
lewer.* Wellington. $3 per ton; SouthfleM Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, $7: Bryant. $5 50; ~ Coos
Bay," $5 50 ;• Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Wall3
er.d, ?9;^Cumberland.- f 12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sj.'.eks:- Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, '$14; Can
rel,"-$10 i?er ton; Coke.', $15 per ton In *»ulk and
' .'. BAGS— San ; Quentin ; Bags, ,$5 65;" Calcutta
Grain i Bags. June and July, 7c; spot. 6"g(g;7c;
local make, less" than Calcuttas; Wool
Bags. 30g34c; Fleece' Twine, 7H@8c. • - •
General Merchandise.
- LAMB— Spring. 10@10%c per pound. .
. PORK— Live . Hogs. ¦ 180 lbs and under. 6Hc:
ISO to 225 lbs, . 6%4r6V4c: 225 and • over, 6®6Uc;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8H@9V4c.
Receipts of Hogs ; continue .slender and the
high prices are maintained .without difficulty.
Beef in generally steady, 'though Cows are
slightly lower. Mutton : and Lamb are easy,'
with a downward tendency. There is no change
in Venl. ¦¦ - - . •
BEEF— 7®Sc for . Steers and 6S7c per lb for
cows. * - - - •- ¦
-VEAL- Large, 7(SSc; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, S@9c; Ewes, 7^@Sc per
pound. . ....,.-.. - •
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL-Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per lb: Northern,* free.' 12©
13c; defective, 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10@
lie; do. defective, 8@10c; Southern. 12 months,
S@9c;. Southern, free. 7 months, 7<g>10c; do, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c;- Oregon Valley, fine,
I.i@l6c; do, medium and coarse, 14@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10<2>12c.
.. HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
* W. B. Sumner & Co.'s circular says: "The
Wet Salted ¦ Hide market la quiet and prices
lower. This condition not only prevails- in the
local market, but is general throughout the
United States. . Dry Hides are sailing freely
and are in good demand at prices quoted. Salt
Horse Hides are In good demand. Dry Horse
Hides are neglected and difficult to sell. ¦ Deer
skins at the present prices are on good trad
ing basis and sell freely. Goatskins sell readr
ily at prices quoted. Sheepskins, influenced by
the low price on wool, are very quiet and sales
are difflcv.lt."
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered,' 4>/4c per lb; No. 2,
3%@4c; grease, 2@2%c. -
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lV£c .under quotations". Heavy Salted
Steers, 9^c; medium, 8^c; light, Sc. Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 3c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15%c; Culls. 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf,, 16c; Culls and Brands, 12@
13c;. Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25t each; short
Wool, S0@40c each; medium, 50@65c; long Wool,
73c(5$l each; Horse Hides, saft, $2 50 for large
and $2@2 25 .for medium. . $1@1 25 for small and
50c for Colts; Horse Hides, 1 dry. $1 75 for lame,
$1 23 for medium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c,
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; "large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 35c. .
Local Hide dealers are quoting a very un
satisfactory market, with weak prices and ac
cumulating stocks. Prices, however, show no
change worthy, of note. Tallow Is steady and
unchanged.
Wool continues dull. Fall clips are cleaned
up, and prices for 1900 and 1901 Spring are
identical. The situation- Is , not very encour
aging.
Hops are - quoted very strong, with buyers
bidding 15c for new crop in Oregon, and offer-"
ing advances of 10@12c on contracts. They are
getting" very few, however. The old stock is
well cleaned up, and there are few lots left in
first hands.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c: one tierce, 8Vsc; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 10V4c for pure ; half-barrels,
pure. 10%c; 10-lb tins, ll^ic: 5-lb tins. ll%c.
-¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦-:, %v- . ¦ :•.•*¦¦;**»¦ m
The .markets for these goods are firm all
over the country, | with light stocks. Barreled
Beef and Pork and Smoked Beef are higher.
• CURED MEATS-Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%@lSc for light medium, 13^c for
light. 14^c for extra light and 15V£c for sugar
cured; Kastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess
Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily.' $.13.50; prime Mess Pork, $15® 15 50; extra
clear, $23; Mess. $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13H@Hc for bright .and 12^
(313c for light amber; water white extracted,
7 1 ,2c; light amber extracted, 6'/j@7c; dark, 6@
6hvC per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per. lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2, 7%c: No.
1 hardshell. 9%c; No; 2, 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell. 9@llc for softshell;- Peanuts,
5@6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; . Filberts,
13c; Pecans. ll«?13c: Cocoanuts, ,$3 50©5.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c; 30-40s. 7c;
40-oOs, 6Yic; 50-60s. 4%c; 60-7Cs. 3%c; 70-80S, 3Vic;
80-908. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2%c; 100-120S, Ufcc; rubies,
l ,4c premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joaqulns
%c less than Santa Claras except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
hal established the following prices: • Bleached
Thompson's fancy, -12c per lb; choice. He;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOtfc per lb;
choice, 9Uc; standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless," 50-lb boxes,
6 l /4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c ; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, • 5c; . S-crown, 5 J ,ic,
and 4-crown, 5\bc; seeded (Fresno prices),,fan
cy. 16-ouncc, 7c; 12-ounce, . 5V4c; choice, .16
ounce. 6%c; 12-ounce, . 5*4c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, S2; Dehesa, J2 50; Imperial, 13. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points' • in
California.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7c for Royals and 8^@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 3^~@5c;
sun-dried. 1 1 / &@2%c: Peaches, 3©3%c for stand
ard, 4@4'-2C • for choice and S@6c for fancy:
Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 4<g>5c; unpitted, 1@
l%c; Nectarines, o©&/>g for red and 5*i@6c for
white.
All description's under this head continue dull
and prices show no change. As will be seen
in the n>st column the trade In New York does
not look for much result, one way or the
other, from the action of the Cured Fruit As
sociation in reducing the price of Prunes for
export, saying that it is too late in the sea
son for such a- move. •
Dried Fruits, Nuts, and Raisins.
Stocks of Oranges are heavy again and offer
ings for the auction to-day ,will be only 5 or 6
cars , in consequence. Lemons and Limes con
tinue easy and ' supplies . of the former are
heavy. Fresh supplies of Limes are expected
to-day.
The scarcity In Bananas is becoming more
pronounced and prices have- again advanced.
Strawberries are slowly declining under in
creasing ' receipts. ¦
There are not - many ' Apples offering now
and the market is firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—'.
STRAWBERRIES— 60@SOc per drawer for
Longworths and 30® 40c for Molindos.
APPLES — 50@75c per box for common and $1
@1 75 for good to choice -and $2@-2 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FKU1TS— Navel Oranges. SOcigJl 75;
Seedlings, ;¦; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25; Lemons,,
60c© SI for common . and $1 25@2 for good to
choice: Grape Fruit. C0c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$6 50® 7; Bananas, $2@3 per bunch; Pineapples,
75cQ$2 per dozen. - -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Keg, per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, l So; choice,
8c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 9%e;
Kastern, full cream, 15®16%c per lb. . ¦--. -
EGGS— :
California Ranch — Selected White, 14c;
mixed, colors, 13c per dozen.'
California Gathered — Selected, 13c; stands
ard, 12V4c; seconds. . : ¦ - ,
• Fresh Eastern — Fancy, ; standard,. ;
seconds, . . v
Storage — California fancy, : v standard,
; Eastern fancy, - — ; standard, - — ; sec
onds, - — . ¦ • '. .- , ,
Dairy— Extras. 14c; firsts. 13c; seconds, • ;
store, lie.
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras,
Pickle, -per pound. ,
There is nothing new in" Eggs.' The_ demand
for Easter and cold storage keeps stocks cut
down and the feeling is firm. •
Receipts as reported by the Da.iry EXohange
¦were: 71,200 " pounds and S2 tubs "of Butter,
1S84 casej Eggs, 13.665 pounds Calif ornia Cheese
and 9S90 pounds Eastern ' Cheese.
BUTTER—
. Creamery— Extras, 16c; firsts, 14c; seconds,
Cheese is steady and the supply about bal
ances the demand. . . ':.;¦¦•
There has been no change in the Butter
situation for some days. . The market is heav
ily supplied and in spite of northern orders
and considerable packing stocks show a tend
ency to 'accumulate. The- feeling continues
v.eak.* . ¦ . ' * - - ¦
Butter, Cheese >and Eggs.
it sold 1 off very ," well, considering ' that ; it Is
the off ? season for : these ; goods. .- [¦;' «-'" ¦'
¦-One car of: Eastern Poultry came in." mak
ing s three •- thus far this week. Local Poultry
is in moderate ' supply and selling oft readily,
except small Broilers, which are not wanted.
Ducks continue higher, and Turkeys are quoted
firmer.-.: - ¦ ¦
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, lOJMlc for Gob
blers and 13©»14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 73@2; Goslings, $2 50®2 75; Ducks, $6®7 for
old and J8@9 50 for young; Hens, $4 50@6 50;
young Roosters, $7<gS; old Roosters. $4 50® 5:
Fryers. $6«i6 50; Broilers, ft 50@6 for large and
$2 50@3 50 fcr small; Pigeons. $2 per. dozen for
old ami $2 50^2 75 for Sauabs. ;
GAME— Gray Geese, $2 £0; White Geese, $1:
Brant,; $1 50 for small and $2 for large; English
Snipe. $3: Jack Snipe, $125: Hare, $l*Sl 25:
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontail. and $1 for Brush.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 2.
Flour, qr sks.... 11,463 Straw, tons 5
Wheat, ctls 710 Wool, bales 629
Barley, ctls ...... ¦ 5,060 Chicory, bbls .... 37
Oats, ctls 190 Pelts, bdls 4 837
Beans, sks 39t Hides. No 954
Corn, ctfs 270 Leather, rolls ..'. 83
Ttye. ctls 460 Lime, bbls .: R4."
Bran." sks 3,K0 Wine, gals 70,800
Middlings, sks .. 340 Quicksilver, flsks 330
Potatoes, sks ... 1,423' Raisins, bxs .... . 500
Hay .tons 516'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.... 8,0SS|
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows:
Pine> ordinary siaes. $18@19; • extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. «S«J>19; Lath. 4 feet. $3 90<fl>
4: Pickets. $20; • Shingles, $2 for common and
S3 75 for fancy: Shakes. $13 for split and S14
for sawn; Rustic. $23@29.
Receipts of Produce. h .
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. VA®
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50®47 per flask for local
use and $45 for export.
j SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, rer lb, in 100-lb bags:
Crushed. .6.05c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.65c; Dry Granulated. 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A, 5.15c; Extra C.
5.05c: Golden C. 4.95c; barrels. 10c morp; half
marrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes, 6.55c per lb.
Receipts from the Islands , in March were
47.271.500 lbs.
SALT— H. R. H. is quoted at $16 50 per ton
in large sacks and $17 in 50s. Liverpool is
quoted at $17«S1S 50 for the best and ?14@14 75
for lower trades. •
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c in drums or iron barrels.
Nicaragua— 13@16c nominal for prime to fancy
washed; 9y.©12c nominal for fair to strictly
good washed : 8@S%c nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; lO^UKic nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry. •*¦"*
Guatemala and Mexican— 13®16c for prime to
fftney washed; ll@12c for strictly good washed:
lC@10%c for good washed: 9@9%c for fair
washed: S@S%c for medium; 6S7*ic for in
ferior to ordinary; HJtlSo for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10©10%c nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry: 8Vi@3%c nominal
for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy, 2S®33c per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 26@30c: Sole Leather, light,
2;<g:Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, 27@2Sc; Rough
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
Si@33c for No. 1 and 30©23c for No. 2: Har
ness ' Leather,' medium. 30®37c: Harness
Leather, light. W^SSc: Skirting. 36®4Oc: Col
lar Leather, 15(S16c per foot; Kip, unfinished,
4C<g50c per lb; Veal, finished. 50®55c: Calf, fin
ished. 75cig$l 20; Sides, finished. 16®17c per
foot; Belt Knife Splits. 14@16c; Rough Splits,
8®10c per pound.
TANB ARK— Ground. $26®23 per ton; Stick,
JlS@20 per cord.
OILS— California Castor Oil., in cases. No. 1,
75c: pure. $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
71c; raw, 69c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; China
Nut, 6c@65c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels. 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 37%®42^c per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels. 35c: cases, 40c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in buli.
13c; Pearl Oil. - In cases. 19c; Astral. 13c: Star,
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c;
88 degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases, 26c.
Salvador— 10@13^c for good to prime washed:
S?i<[Wic f 0I . f a i r was hed; ll(312%c for good
to prime washed peaberry: 9<@9&c for good to
prime semi-washed; 8H@S%c for superior un
washed: SVic for good green unwashed: 10®
l'i%c for good -to superior unwashed peaberry;
6©7}£c for common to ordinary-
$17 In sacks; Rocky -Mountain descriptions,
fi 43 per 20CO pounds and $8 50 per, ton, accord
ing to brand. ' * ;,-' . . • -•
. CORDAGE — The local cordage ' company
quotes 33 follows: Pure Manila. 13Uc per lb;
Kisal size, lO&c; Bale Rope, 914c; Duplex, 9}jc.
Terms. 60 days,- or IV- per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10.000 lbs, lc. less. ¦ ; - '
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4»4c;
cases, regular, o^i^; do. extra large, Wic; do.
Eastern style, 6>ic: Boneless. 6V2C: Norway.
6V.c: Narrow Gauge. 7c: Silver King. 7%c;
blocks. Oriental. 6c; do. Seabright. 7c: tablets.
7V 2 c: middles. Golden State, 7c; do, -White Seal.
S?ic: 3-lb boxes, fancy. Boneless, 9c: 2-lb do.
7c: Desiccated, per dozen. 75c: Pickled Cod.
barrels, each. $7 75; do, half-barrels, $1 73.
COFFEE — Costa Rica— 13@14c nominal for
prime washed: ll@12V4c nominal for good
¦washed;. I2gi3c nominal -for good to prime
washed peaberry; ll@U s ;c nominal for good to
prime peaberry; 10&@12c-for good to prime;
PM;@10c nominal for good current mixed with
black- beans; 9@10c nominal for fair; 6@.-}*c
ntminal for common to ordinary.
TUESDAY, April 8-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha. 04 05 Justice ......... 03 04
Alta 06 07 Kentuck 01 C3
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher CS 09 Mexican 30 21
Best & Belcher IS 20 Occidental 05 07
Bullion 01 02 Ophlr 67 6<?
Caledonia 72 75 Overman ....... 14 15
Challenge Con. 14 16 Potosl 13 14
Chollar 13 14 Savage 10 12
Confidence 70 73 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 90 1 93 Seg Belcher ... 03 Co
Con Imperial... — C2 Sierra Nevada. 29 31
Con New York. — 01 1 Silver Hill 39 40
Crown Point... 13 15 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.... 06 —Standard 4 13 4 30
Exchequer 01 02! Syndicate 05 —
Gould & Curry 12 13 i Union Con IS IS
Hale & Norc... 11 12 Utah 04 06
Julia 01 02 'Yellow Jacket.. 15 IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher 19 200 Mexican 31
S00 Chollar 14 200 Ophlr 63
1150 Con Cal & V...1 95 200 Ophlr 67
650 Con Cal & V..1 97^ 3C0 Overman 14
200 Con Cal & V...1 90 300 Yellow Jacket. 15
200 Gould & Curry- 131 200 Yellow Jacket. 18
' Morninr Session.
200 Alpha. Con 04 300 Mexican ........ «
200 Best & Belcher. 20 100 Ophir 72
200 Challenge Con.. 14 800 Ophlr 71
E00 Con Cal & V..2 05 200 Ophlr 79
BOO Con Cal & V.2 0:Vi «0 Scorpion 03
"CO Con Cal & V..2 00 600 Sierra Nevada.. 30
1500 Crown Point 13 300 Yellow Jacket. 15
S00 Mexican 32
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 031 500 Opblr 88
200 Chollar 14 ICO Overman 15
200 Gould & Curry 13 100 Sierra Nevada. 30
300 Mexican 31' 300 Silver Hill 40
400 Andes 08 800 Crown Point... 13
400 Belcher OS ICO Gould & Curry It
200 Best & Belcher 20 1400 Mexican _ 31
E0O Challenge 15 70O Ophlr SS
400 Chollar 15 600 Savage 10
700 Con Cal & Va..2 00 300 Sierra Nevada. 3t
30 Con Cal & Va..2 03 100 Silver Hill 41
Morning Session.
250 Monarch of Arizona '..'....'.1 5t
100 Occidental of W Va;. .......*. 50
100 Occidental of W Va .". 49
1600 Petroleum Center -18
500 Reed Crude •>!
100 Sterling 2 00
100 Sterling, s 13 2 00
• 100 Sterling, s SO ...'. * W>
100 Sterling 2 03
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Bear Flag I*
300ElOro 65
200Hom«- 3 75
100 Junction 59
3000 Lion, b 60 — _ 20
200 Monarch of Arizona 51
100 Monarch of Arizona 52
300 Monarch of Arizona 33
200 Monte . Criato 2 45
100 Occidental of W Va •»
900 Occidental of W Va 43
1000 Oil City Petroleum 25
! 1S4 Shamrock &>
| MO Shamrock, s 30 75
100 Sterling 2 0Z>i
SAX FHANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1CO0 Bear Flag 1}
200 Caribou "5
i 200 Four Oil Co 51
100 Home Oil 3 65
; 1000 Lion Oil Co 20
1 100 Monarch of Arizona 43
1100 Monarch of Arizona i»>
20O Monte Cristo 2 35
1000 Petroleum Center 16
Afternoon Session.
Board—
500 Bear Flag 13
500 Bear Flag . It
1000 California-Standard 42
1C0O California-Standard, a 60.... 41
4C0 Four Oil Co 51
700 Four Oil Co - &
100 Horns Oil » 65
50 Homo Oil ~ 3 8»
1000 Independence ;..... 17
200 Kern Oil . 7 23
800 Lion Oil Co 29
600 Lion Oil Co 19
100 Monarch of Arizona 50
500 Monarch of Arizona, * 83 47
100 Monte Cristo 2 40
sno Monte Cristo. s 60 2 30
1000 Petroleum Center. ¦ It) 13
1C0 San Joaquin O & D Co.... 9 50
100 Sterling, b 60.. 2 10
100 WestT Shore •. S CO
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board, yester
day:
CORN— Spot American new. S3 ll%d; do. old.
steady, is %d. Futures, quiet; May, 3s 10%d,
July. 3s lO&d; September,. 3s lid. •;.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 Northern
spring,. 6s 3Ud; No. 2 -red Western winter, 6s
Id; No. 1 California, 6s 3%d. . Futures, steady;
May and July, 6s %d. ¦ .:—.'.
LIVERPOOL, April 2.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s id; wheat in Paris, dull;
flour in Paris, dull; French country ¦ markets,
quiet and steady; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4%d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 2.— Consols, 96 1-16; silver,
27tfd; French rentes, lOlf 25c;'" cargoes on pas
sage, rather easier; cargoes. No. 1 standard
California, 30s 3d ; English country markets,
firm. . "
Foreign Markets.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April. 2.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla,- 57c.
. - WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 2.-rWHEAT- Quiet and un
changed; blues tem, 69^-e; club, 07c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. April 2.— Clearings, $276,110; bal
ances, $63,S10. ; ¦¦>¦'¦
Portland's Business.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 2.— The cotton market
opened steady; at unchanged prices at an ad
vance of- three points, but developed a weak
undertone. Buying by substantial houses caused
a rally, closing- steady at a net advance of 2@12
points on' futures and advance on spo.t.
Copper. at London was 7s 6d. lower at £63 12s
6d for spot and £69 2s lid for futures. Here the
market was | asraln ' featureless . a nd nominal at
$17 for lake and $16 62% for casting-. Lead was
dull • and unchanged. . but spelter - ' showed .- a
steady undertone at . vesterday's advance, the
close steady, at S3 9G@3 95. - ' •
. NEW YORK, April 2.— General activity,pre
vailed In the local metal market to-day. Tin
displayed a weak : undertone in with
the decline abroad and trading: was dull.'; The
close was very dull at 523 50. At London a lo^s
of 15s was scored, spot closing at £113 16s and
futures at £111 7s 6d. -¦-.'¦. .
- Pigiron warrants, quiet but steady at S3 OOJp
10 50; Northern foundry, $15 25@16 50. -.
New York Metal Market.
22,000; left over, 2500; opened 5c higher; closed
easier;- top.~$6 25;' mixaJ'and ! butchers, $5 90@
C 20; good to cholcs neavy,' $6 05@6 25: rough
heavy, . $5 P0@6; - light, •¦ .$5 90(8.0 12V4; bulk of
sales, ; S3 0506 15. • ¦ • ~ V
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.0C0; sheep, firm; lambs,
slow; 'good to choice wethers, $4 S0@3 10; fair
to choice mixed,' ¦. $4 5C'@4S5;. Western sheep,
$4 S0<g5 10; yearlings," $4 S0@5 15: native lambs,
$4 75@5 S5; "Western ; lambs, ¦ $5@3 35.
THE SAN FK^iNCISCLl citt, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Foreign Futures.
8
Last I This
24 Hours Season.
I Last '
Season.
STATIONS
Eureka
Rod Bluff •
Sacramento .........
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Obispo
Ix>s Angeles
San Diego
0.S6
0.01
1 o.io
Trace
0.00
6!6o
0.00
42.67
22.21
is!94
io.:s !
5. SO
li'.ii
10.51
44.09
19.99
15.S8
17.36
7.11
. 2.81
15.04
5.56
3. IS
Last I This
24 Hours Season.
I Last '
Season.
STATIONS
Eureka
Rod Bluff •
Sacramento .........
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence
San Luis Obispo
Ix>s Angeles
San Diego
0.S6
0.01
1 o.io
Trace
0.00
6!6o
0.00
42.67
22.21
is!94
io.:s !
5. SO
li'.ii
10.51
44.09
19.99
15.S8
17.36
7.11
. 2.81
15.04
5.56
3. ISHIVES OF BEES IN BAGGAGE CAR
KEEP TRAINMEN SIDESTEPPING
BEES IN TRANSIT TO A POINT ACROSS THE BAY KEEP THEMSELVES
AND MATTERS GENERALLY A-HUMMING AND VIGOROUSLY OB
JECT TO BEING UNLOADED AT DESTINATION.
OBJECTIONABLE STREET
CAB TRACK IS REMOVED
Policemen Kept on Duty to See That
Orders Are Respected by,'
Company. ,
The Market-street Railway Company
kept its agreement with the Board of
Public Works and property-holders at
Bush and Sansome streets by having its
laborers remove the objectionable track
late yesterday afternoon. The single
curved track which the company has
agreed to put In Instead of I the double
track at the curve "will leave the required
eleven 'feet between track and curb and
will be satisfactory to Murphy, Grant &
Co., the property owners -who made the
protest. . - ¦ v , ,
All day. yesterday a dray belonging to
Murphy, Grant & Co. stood on. Bush
street, blocking the track* where it ap
proached too close. to the; curb. The Po
lice Department still has policemen on
duty to see that the orders of the Board
of Public Works are respected by the
company. : r: : - .
POSTAL CXERK CTTNANE •
SWEACRS TO HIS STORY
Denies That he Stole Five Dollars Out
1 of a Letter in Sta-
, tion D.
The case of the United States against
Postal Clerk Frank Peter Joseph Cunane
will be submitted to the jury this morning
In the United States District Court., Cu
nane was arrested between 11:30 and mid
night on November 9 last by Postofflce
Inspector L. H. Bricker in Station D. A
marked five-dollar, gold piece that had
been placed in a dummy letter was found
in his possession, and he was indicted by
the Federal Grand Jury for stealing
money from the mails. ' i , A tU
Postofflce Inspector Bricker • told the
jury that several complaints ' had been
made that letters containing money had
failed to reach their destination. After
considerable detective work Mr. Bricker
traced the leakage, to Station D, at the
ferry, and a watch was set upon young
Cunane. ¦ ¦ . i Tl i.'^r- v 'l
' When the watchers were convinced that
the time was propitious Bricker Bprang
from his place. of concealment and de
manded the five-dollar piece. As soon as
the demand was made Cunane placed his
hand in his vest and attempted to throw
something away. He was immediately
seized by Bricker and others and thrown
to the floor, and the gold piece and some
loose sliver fell to the ground and were
recovered by Bricker. Cunane attempted
to escape by running, but was overtaken
and caught. • . , , ,,
Cunane took the stand yesterday after
noon and swore that while he was sorting
letters he saw the marked, coin on the
floor. He pipked it up and put It into his
pocket, the foreman being absent, intend
ing to notify the foreman on his return.
Then Bricker caught hold of him and was
about to search him and Cunane resisted.
He ran because he was confused. The
witness denied positively that he took the
money out of the letter. . -. . : ;
MEXICAN ROMANCE ON
THE STEAMER CTJRACAO
Virginia Herrera, 17 years old, Concep-
don Herrera, her sister, 20 years old, Con
cepclon's two children, a boy and a girl,
3 and .4 years old' respectively, and the
mother of the girls, arrived on the Cura
cao frpm Enser.ada, Mex., last Sunday
and -were examined yesterday by the im
migrant Inspectors. It -was decided that
they should . not be allowed to land be
cause there was danger that they might
become public charges.
In this emergency C. Copello, a gallant
fireman , of the crew, came to the rescue
and offered to marry "Virginia Herrera.
The offer was accepted, Justice Dunn tied
the knot and Virginia and her mother
were allowed to land upon the promise
of the newly made son-in-law, to car© for*
the old lady. ,. . - . •
Concepcion and her children will be sent
back to Ensenada. She ¦ told Immigrant
Inspector De la Torre that she had been
living for five shears with a Mexican offi
cial in •Ensendada, that he treated "her
cruelly, and that she was obliged to leave
the place to escape from him.
OLD-TIME MERCHANT
. .;. . r : DIES, IN ALAMEDA
Passing, of Dean B. Avery, Who Wa*s
Long* Identified With Business
in This City.
Dean R. Avery, who has been.- actively
identified with the" business life of San
Francisco for, a period of about - forty
years, died at his. residence, 2021 San An
tonio avenue, Alameda, yesterday, after a
long illness. ¦'•-¦'.
Mr. Avery came to San Francisco in th->
early fifties and began business' in this
city. Many years ago he conducted a
business in the old Center Market on Sut
ter street and Grant avenue and he con
tlned there until the market was closed
He th«n was one of a number to Join Jn
leasing - the premises now known as trie
Union Square Market, on O'Farrell and
Powell streets. He was active until about
a year ago, when he was taken with what
-was not at first considered to be a serious
illness. He went to his home In Alameda
for rest and to recuperate. He had spelT*
of seeming improvement, but he grew
steadily weaker until he died.
Mr. Avery was a native of Groton, Con
necticut, where he has four sisters. Mm.
Avery and five children survive him,
Dean, William, Julia, Lillian and El
dridge.. The rare amiability of disposition
which characterized Mr. Avery, together
¦with his -well-known generosity and abso
lute fairness in all the transactions of
life, gave him a legion of friends. There
are few men in the city who would be
more widely missed. ...
The funeral services at • the Alameda
home will take place to-morrow ' after
noon at 12:30. Rev. Dr. Cherington of thy
Plymouth Congregational Church of this
city will conduct them. Brief services,
conducted by Apollo Lodge of Odd Fel
lows, of which Mr. Avery was a member,
w~i be held at the Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery.
Alameda Bookkeeper Injured.
A- Stenditz, a bookkeeper, residing In
Alarseda, was knocked down by a Mar
ket-street car near the ferry last night
and severely injured. Stenditz alighted
from one car and was struck by another
on the opposite track. H*. was taken to
the harbor hospital.
Kimball Sent to Oakland.
The story told by Frank KImball,. who
went to the Receiving Hospital yesterday
to have a bullet wound in his right arm
dressed, was not believed by Captain Spil
lane and he sent Kimball to report to Cap
tain Seymour and the latter sent him to
report to the Oakland police- Kimball
said the wound was inflicted accidentally
by an Oakland doctor. He stated at first
that he shot himself accidentally and.it
was this contradictory ". statement that
caused Spillane to become suspicious.-. \
SOLDIERS PROFIT BY
HOTEL CTiERK'S ERROR
Deposited Moray Orders Returned
and With Them Their. Face
Value in Cash. •
The management of. the Winchester
Hotel, at the corner of Third and Steven
son streets. Is bemoaning the loss of $215,
which was obtained by i two discharged
soldiers through the mistake of a clerk.
Detective Ross Whitaker has been set on
the trail ' of the men by Chief Sullivan,
but it is believed that they have already
made their escape. _
Monday night Joseph W. Peterman and
J. L. Greenfield, who were discharged
from the Twenty-seventh -Infantry during
the day, went to the hotel and rented
rooms. The first of the two deposited a
money orders for $125 and the latter one
for $90. The clerk made a record of the
deposits In such a manner that the day
clerk believed the men had placed both
coin and money orders, and in addition to
the papers gave them $215. Neither at
tempted to rectify the error, and it was
not discovered until the bookkeeper made
up his cash account later In the day. ,
Laundry Employes Reply.
The employes of the .aundries object to
the statement of laundrv proprietors to
the effect that the increase in charges
for laundry ¦work, which went into effect
Monday, is due entirely to the recent in
crease of wages upon demand of the
Steam Laundry Workers' -Union. They
contend that the profits of the business
are enormous and that the increase In
wages has not made necessary an increase
in charges. Thomas Bersford, secretary
of the union, points to tho fact that East
em laundries pay better wages and their
scale of charges ranges lower.
Waitresses Organize.
A Waitresses' Union was organized last
night at 827 Mission street with sixty
three names. This branch will affiliate
with the male Waiters' Union. The lat
ter closed its charter last night with 1721
members. Another meeting of this union
will be held to-night at 102 O'Farrell
street, when a schedule of wages and
hours of labor will be prepared and pre
sented to the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil for its approval.
Boycott of Breweries.
The executive committee of the Building
Trades Council at its meeting last night
declared a boycott on the Gambrlnus and
Wenhard breweries of Portland and the
Star brewery of Vancouver, all of which
employ non-union labor.
The Architectural Iron Workers' Union
applied for admission to the council and
was accepted. . • .
Metal-Workers' Strike.
The strike of the Metal Polishers. Buf
fers, Platers and Brass Workers* . Union
shows no change in the situation.. The
seventy-five or more men whoare out are
confident of attaining the object of the
strike— a workday of eight hours. All the
shops are shut down.
Licensed .to "Wed.
OAKLAND, April 2.— The following
marriage licences vere issued at the
County Clerk's office to-day* Willis H.
<\ollins of Oakland, aged 28 years, and
Edith F. Phelps of Oakland, aged 24
years: Robert W. Hammer of Oakland,
aged 24. and Edna H. Alburn of Oakland,
aged 20; George L. Huffman of Oakland,
nged 21. and Nellie G. Cherrie of Oakland,
aged 18; Henry L. Thomas of San Fran
cisco, aged 29, nnd Lily C. Mitchell of San
Francisco, aged 26.
UNDERTAKERS OBJECT TO
BOTJXEVABD* ORDINANCE
Driver of a Wagon With Corpse in It
Arrested on Van Ness
¦ Avenue.
The Assistant Undertakers" Protective
Society will at to-night's meeting take
Fteps looking to the repeal or revision of
the boulevard ordinance for Van Ness
avenue. The movement originated from
an incident that occurred yesterday morn
ing.
An inquest was to be held at the Morgue
yesterday morning on the body of Frank
Drouth, which was in the undertaking
parlors of Carew & English, Van Ness
avenue. Timothy Brennan, a driver for
the lirm. placed the body in a wagon to
convey it to the Morgue. As he was driv
ing: along the avenue to Market street
Mounted Policeman Berry placed him un
der arrest and compelled him to drive to
the North End police station, where after
oonsMdprable delay Brennan was released
on $5 cash bail. . • . -
The undertakers think that In their case
an exception should be made, and If. not
a tes=t oa?e will probably be taken to the
highest court.
FHILBBOOK MAKES HIS 1
OPENING STATEMENT
The Attorney Questions the "Regular
ity of the Drawing of the
Jury. . ."
Horace W. Philbrook .occupied a large
portion of the afternoon session in Judge
Murasky's court yesterday making his
opening statement In his action against
ex-Supreme Court Justice Van R. Pater
son, in which he prays judgment for $100,
000 damages for alleged slander. Philbrook
avers that Judge Paterson "said of and
concerning him, 'that man Philbrook is
insane.' "
During the morning session the work of
completing -the Jury was taken up. Phil
brook expressed the suspicion that an ef
fort was being made to tamper with the
jury. He called upon George W. Mon
teith, who is caring fop Philbrook' s inter
ests on the outside, to step inside the bar
and watch the drawing cf the jury.
"For " said Philbrook, "I am especially
anxious that these last few names should
be fairly drawn." .
Monteith stepped inside the bar, but
Mr Plllsbury objected to his action on the
ground that It was an insult to the court.
William S. Wood, who is associated with
the defense, also asked that if Monteith
was in court on behalf of Philbrook he be
instructed. to take his place at the plain
tiff's s'de. Judge Murasky forthwith or
dered Monteith outside the bar, where he
sat during the remainder of the session.
Early in the afternoon twelve jurors
were sworn -to try the case and Philbrook
made his statement. Through the wind
ings of his statement, whereby he endeav
ored to show the jury how he was injured
in the sum sued for by the alleged state
ment made by. Paterson, the. plaintiff,
Philbrook, took' occasion to attack the
majority of the -Justices on the Supreme
Court bench and reiterated the charges he
has been making for years against Judge
Ralph C. Harrison; questioned the integ
rity of E. S. Pillsbury, who appears for
Judge ¦ Paterson, and asserted that Su
preme Court Decision Compiler Pomeroy
had lent himself to a conspiracy to mu
tilate a Supreme Court decision that the
Oakland Water . Front . Company might
come into possession of ¦ tide lands, "al
though the Supreme Court in the mu
tilated decision had held that the State
had no power to deed away its lands be
tween the lines of high and Jow. tide."
The opening statement bristled with
charges of fraud and corruption. Superior
Court Judge Coffey came in for a share of
the charges and the railroad companies
for more. When Philbrook finished his
statement Judge Murasky ordered a con
tinuance until this morning, at which
time the plaintiff will call his first wit
ness. • ..
KNOCKED TJNCONSCIOUS
BY WITH BOTTXE
f°-iiuel Kelso Wanted on a Charge of
Assault With a Deadly
"Weapon.
A. H. Freund. a conductor for the Mar
ket-street Railway, living at 1171 Shotwell
street, secured a warrant from Judge
Fritz yesterday afternoon for the arrest
of Samuel Kelso, ! a sign painter, on the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Frcund's right eye was badly swollen and
discolored and the right side of his head
was bandaged.
Freund said lie and Kelso and two oth
ers were playing a game of euchre Satur
day night in a saloon at Twenty-ninth and
Mission streets, and he had some words
with Kelso about a misplay. About an
hour later Freund was standing at the
bar having" a drink with a friend when
Kelso approached them. The friend spoke
to Kelso and suggested he should shake
hands with Freund, but Kelso suddenly
pulled a heavy bottle from under his coat,
and threw it at Freund, who dropped to
the floor unconscious from the blow.
Freund was taken to St. Luke's Hos
pital, where an ugly wound on his right
temple was stitched and dressed. He was
not able until vesterday to be out, and he
went at once to the Hall of Justice ¦ to
secure the warrant.
BEES held a baggage car against
all comers yesterday on the nar
row gauge road to San Rafael.
Their aggressiveness came near
tying up traffic for the day.
A resident of Corte Madera had two
hives presented to him by a Mr. Noren
son of Baker street, who had no further
use for them. The Corte Maderan hired
an innocent party, who did not know ,
bees, to transport them from the city,
where they had been licking a living off
the syrup barrel at the corner grocery, to .
the country, where the orange and man
zanita bloom.
The two hives arrived at' the ferry in ¦
good condition but with an ominous hum
ning inside, which showed that the bees
were putting themselves on a war foot-
A freight clerk, who had experience
with live stock, refused to take them unt I
the hives had been surrounded with a
bee-proof net. By the time this was ob
tained and the bees secured within it, the
man had lost his boat and the bees their (
temper.
Arrived at Sausalito, one of the honey
hunters got out and immediately had a
rear-end collision with a trainman, who
thereupon refused to take the . hives on
the cars unless still further safeguards
The part taken by P. H. McCarthy of
the Building Trades Council in the boy
cott of the California Baseball League
was denounced at the • v eRUlar meeting of
the Journeymen Barbers' Union Monday
night by W. B. Currier, secretary of the
union.
Currier asserted thai, the boycott was
not aimed at Harris, but at Theodore F.
Bonnet,' against whom McCarthy, so It 13
said, cherishes malice on account of politi
cal differences. Currier objected strenu
ously to the use of organized labor to
serve personal ends.
In an interview yestciday Currier said
that Harris' cigar store and not the base
ball league should have been the object cf
the boycott. He pointed out that Harr'.s
has stock in the Market-street Railway
and the Spring Valley Water Works and
that it would be just as logical to boycott
those corporations as the baseball league.
The members of the Barbers' Union are
in sympathy with Currier, and may not
respect the boycott ordered by the Build
ing Trades Council.
Council on the Boycott.
The Building Trades Council is still dis
cussing the California Baseball League.
At the meeting of the executive commit
tee last night a communication to the
newspapers was approved, of which the
following Is a part:
The Building Trades Council has, after due
and careful deliberation, declared Henry Har
ris unfair in every channel through which he
may conduct any business, and reserves the
right to say which of these interests mar first
l-e taken up. The council controls the build
ing Industry and Is therefore the only central
body that can first decide what shall be done
vlth matters such as Harris' scab store fit
ting.
Up to this time the Building: Trades Council
has not called upon the Labor Council, and
anything that Mr. IlarKs has or his ' agents
or his scab hirelings have said to, the contrary
is false, and they said it because they knew
it was false and for the sole purpose of show
ing the people. If possible, that labor was di
vided.
This is not true, and Mr. Harris knows it.
When the Building Trades Council passes up.
If. it does, to the Labor Council this unfair
notice or boycott there will be Just as many
Rood union men found In that council as in
eny other central body in existence.
The Building Trades Council has expended in
the mlllmen's strike many thousands of dol
lars and it new remains to be seen whether or
not the 12,000 men engaged In the building in
dustry are to be ruled by the thirty-five or
forty scabs employed by E. and 1*. Emanuel,
Incorporated. This is what Harris and his
scab agents and hirelings would like to have,
but the union men of San Francisco, the
fi,0C0 or 24,000 of them in the Building Trades
Council and Labor Council will teach Harris
and his scab agents and hirelings a lesson they
will never forget. And again the council,
through its executive committee, desires to
say that Harris can only become fair by cut
ting himself loose from Emanuel. If he pre
fers to hold with Emanuel then he must not,
by reason of patriotism, friendship or other
wise, look to the laboring men of California
to patronize his baseball games or anything
else in which he is interested or anybody who
nay patronize him, because the worklngmen
have for some time past ceased giving up their
money to those who are at the same time en
g&ged in cutting the ground from under them.
This is the position occupied by Harris until
he changes it.
___ »
NATIONAIi -ORGANIZES
OF LABOR TO SPEAK
Will Address Mass Meeting 1 in Work-
His Farewell.
ingmen's Cause on Occasion of
OAKLAND, April 2.— General Organizer
J. D. Pierce of the American Federation
of Labor will deliver a farewell address on
Friday evening, April 5. at Elite Hall. Mr.
Pierce is soon to leave the coast after sev
eral weeks spent in the interests of his
order. The Rev. B. Fay Mills will preside
over the meeting. The speaker of the
evening will deal with the present status
of the labor movement through the coun
try. The local branches of the Federation
of Labor will form a parade to meet the
national organizer and escort Mr. Pierce
to the place of meeting.
Cheap Labor Bugaboo.
The following communication relative to
the metal-workers' strike has been re
ceived:
Editor of San Francisco Call: Labor or
ganizations, when they ask for a shorter work
day or a general increase of wages, seem to
arouse the employers to the fact that they
can secure their work cheaper from the East
than they can make it here.
Just see the large amount of money the
firms that have been in our line of business
have lost in the last fifteen years by not se
curing their work from the East, and It seems
rather strange to me that they have only real
ized the fact when the polishers, buffers and
platers ask for a shorter work day.
We held a meeting on Monday evening, and
the spirit that prevailed . was the . spirit of
men *-ho understand . the conditions they have
to work under. Let the public visit any of
the shops when they are running and' see If
they can blame us for asking for a shorter
work day. The only capital that a working
man has is his health, and he must use means
whereby he can preserve It, as the firms and
trusts preserve their capital, so we have asked
for eight hours' work. The condition of the
flfcht at the present time Is favorable to us, as
all of the shops are without men. Let me cor
rect a mistake made by one of the papers.
We are not asking for a 20 per cent Increase
Ir. our wages besides our demand for eight
hours. All we ask is eight hours' work and
no reduction in wages, and let me correct the
name of one of the firms. It 6hould be Schaez
leln & Burridgrft in place of L. Burge.
Hoping you will insert this in your valuable
paper I remain, yours respectfully, .¦¦ i. .
JOHN J. O'BRIEN, Recording Secretary.
San Francisco, April 2.
Says Attack on Harris Is Really Due
to Malice for Political Bea
sons Against T. E.
Bonnet.
W. B. Currier of the Barbers'
-Union Denounces Mc-
Carthy's Attitude.
CRITICISM FOR
LEAGUE BOYCOTT
OAKLAND, April 2.— Clad in the quaint
costumes of their ancestors, two-score
flaxen haired, blue eyed boys and girls
tripped the dances of Denmark. The
scene was at the crowded opera-house In
Haywards, where were assembled this
evening the citizens of the thrifty su
burban town to give welcome to the dele
gates and friends of the Society Danla
at its twenty-first annual convention, the
sessions of which began to-day.
There was a hearty greeting for tlie
visitors, who had come there from all sec
tion:; of the State. The order is strong
with the Danes in California, who orga
nized it to perpetuate loyalty to their
adopted country and to keep green the
memories of the Fatherland.
When the large audience had been
called to order by N. P. Nielsen, the
president of the evening, the programme
was opened with a song of welcome, in
Danish, rendered by Mrs. H. P. Nielsen.
Mayor Charles Heyer presented a mas
sive golden key to Grand President J. J.
fciandholdt in token of the citizens' offer
of the freedom of Haywards to the visit
ors, at the same time reading a proclama
tion which encouraged every one to seek
enjoyment. -\
A response in behalf of the Grand Lodge
was made by H. V. Jacobsen.
Then trooped upon the etage. the bon
neted and quaintly garbed youngsters,
who delighted the spectators with their
clever and dainty dancing. The costumes
v.-ere perfect and not a few had been
taker, from some oiu chest filled with
keepsakes from across the sea. It was
ell pretty and unique, to the native-born
and those from the old country enjoyed
the memories the dance revived. The
children who took part were: Laura Niel
f-en. Mina Sorensen. Helga Nielsen, Al
bert^ne Nielsen, Laura Christensen, Gene
vteve Nielsen, Anna Christensen, Andrew
Sorensen, John Asmussen. George Hen
ri ingsen. George Asmussen, Walter John
son, Harry Asmussen, Thorvald Nielsen.
A tableau, picturing the building of
fortifications across the Danish Peninsula
to guard against Saxon invasion, was pre
sented as the concluding number.
The delegates arrived at Haywards this
morninp and were escorted to Odd Fel
lows' Hall by the local committee of ar
rangements. The first session of the
Grand Lodge was opened at 3 o'clock.
The social feature for to-morrow will be
a reception by the Ladies' Danish Society
to the grand officers, delegates and mem
bers of Thyra Lodge of Haywards. Thurs
day evening there will b<» a banquet. Fri
day will be devoted to a drive and Satur
day evening a ball will conclude the
week's entertainment.
Society Dania's Contribution to thi
Pleasure of the Delegates in
Attendance at the Grand
Feature of the First Evening
of a Week's Entertain
ment at Hay wards.
CHILDREN TRIP
DANISH DANCES
Is Given Knockout Drops.
¦ ¦Vfrilliam . Ridgeway; late of the.Twenty
seventh Infantry, nearly died In the Har
bor Hospital yesterday morning from' a
dose of . knockout drops administered by
some unknown person. Dr. Morrison says
that had the patient' been brought in ten
minutes : later nothing, could have been
done for.him '*'.* ,. - .
. Ridgeway was paid off a few days, ago
and - . last - night ; must have . . made
the : rounds- - of - the • water front
saloons. Early yesterday ; morning
Officer Ingham found him In" an.
unconscious condition and hurried him to
the hospital. When searched a ticket to
Pittsburgh $47 91 in cash, a gold watch, a
rosary and a Bible were found on him.
He must therefore have got away^ from
the saloon In which he was -hocused be
fore the thieves, could rob him- >
SUCCESS ATTENDS RAID
ON CHINESE GAMESTERS
Eighty Mongolians and. a . Complete
Outfit Captured After a'-'.Week'
of Watching. .'/ ••- ¦
' A clever capture was effected last night
in Chinatown by Lieutenant •¦' Price and
posse. The result of a week's close watch
and untiring energy on the. part of the
lieutenant was the arrest of* eighty Mon
golians and the seizing of a fantar. outfit
and $400. ' .
"The raid was made on the club. owned
by Wong Duck on the- corner of- Clay
street and Waverly. -place. .Patrolman
Chase was lowered by means of a rope in
the hands of dfflcer Connors from the
roof of the buildingr- "When opposite the
window of the room in which the g-amb
lfng was going on Chase signaled to Con
nors to hold him steady and for aperlod
of several minutes watched the Chinese
at play. He then sigmaled to the rest of
the posse, which was •- stationed near by,
and they broke in the doors and arrested
the entire crowd.
Lieutenant Price says the place raided
has been notorious as a gamblingr house,
where immense sums ¦were staked and
large numbers played. He also said It is
the largest gambling house in Chinatown."
ELECT NEW OFFICERS.;
FOB THE ENSTJINQ YEAB
Directors of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association Sold
Their First Meeting.
The newly elected board of directors of
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation held its first monthly meeting yes
terday In the rooms of the organization
and elected {he following officers to serve
during the ensuing year:
President, ;A. Sbarboro; first vice presi
dent, J. P. Currier; second vice president.
1j. R. Mead; third vice president, Charles
R. Allen; secretary, Charles E. Bancroft;
treasurer, A. Sbarboro.
The following applications for member
ship were received and duly approved:
- The J. K. Armsby Company; Blelenberg- &
"Weninger. William Cluft Company,- Code-Port
wood Canning Company,- S. Gllletti System
Ccmpany, Golden Gate Compressed Yeast Com
pany, John M. Klein's '.Electrical Works,
Krogh Manufacturing: Company,' The E. G.
Lyons Company. Milwaukee Furniture Com
pany, Pacific Coast Oil Company, Charles W.
Pike & Co., Pacific Coast Lumber and Fur
niture Manufacturing Company,, Rosenthal,
Feder & Co., St. • Germain Billiard Company,
Peter A. Smith. Sterling Oil and • DeveloDment
Company, Steiger Terra" Cotta and Pottery.
Works Sovereign Oil . Company, Union OH
Company of California, Wyckoff, Seamena &
Benedict. • • • • . '
Expenses of Police Department.
The Police Commissioners filed with th«
Board of Supervisors yesterday an esti
mate of the amount of expenditures re
quired by the Police Department for the
next fiscal year. For salaries the sum of
$792,832 is required. In . order to station,
fifteen police officers in Sunset district.
Holly Park, Potrero and Richmond dis
trict $18,360 additional is asked for. Other
items are: Rents for stations. $5904; sta
tionery, $2500; . supplies to City Prison,
$7200; police. patrol, -$22,396; telephones,
J1486; incidentals, $480; photograph gallery
in Hall of Justice, $2000; furnishing Mis
sion station. $3500; cost of southern sta
tion, at Fourth and Clara streets, $25,000;
grand total, $533,653.
DEPARTURE OF ELEVENTH
DELAYED BY SMALLPOX
The Eleventh Infantry will rot go to
Manila on April 5, as wag intended. Two
companies of this regiment were at Model
camp awaiting the sailing of the transport
Kllpatrick. A case of smallpox was dis
covered among: the men, and now the two
companies are doomed to at least two
weeks' confinement on Angel Island,
where they will be kept until such time
as the danger of incubation is over.
The stricken soldier was removed to the
detention camp and the tent which he oc
cupied was destroyed. Extra precautions
¦were taken to ptevent the spread of the
disease, as the men of the Eleventh are
greatly needed in Manila.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
BOTSKORTX HELD TO AXSWER.- Frank
Botsford, charged with felony embezzlement
on complaint of A. M. Shields, manager of the
Equitable Life Association, was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Frlta yes
terday In flCOO bonds,
GLAZE CASE CONTINUED.— Robert E.
Glaze, charred with the murder of William
Trewhella at the Windsor Hotel a few months
ago, appeared before Judge Dunne yesterday
for trial, but on motion of the District At
torney the case was continued until Thursday.
WILL RESENTEN'CE WALKER.— George
Walker, convicted of having embezzled funds
of the American Tract Society, will be re
srralgned and resentenced by Judge Dunn*
this morning, at which time ha will apply for
a writ of probable cause. The illegibility of
the rubber stamp file marks on the pleadings
charging Walker with embezzlement necessi
tated his rearraignment and resent encc.
EXPENSIVE RUNAWAY WHEEL.— Jud*»
Hunt has entered Judgment in favor of Fhillp
Bolger, as assignee of E. G. But' r or, owner of
a building at the corner of Gears* and Stock
ten streets, and against A. L. Vermeil. . pork
dealer, for $105. The sum named la the value
of a' window whici was shattered by a wheel
that released Itself from one of Vermeil's carts
and raced down Stockton street until stopped
.by Butler's window. The court held that Ver
meil was responsible for the race of the wheel
and hence must pay for the damage It 3!d.
SMUGGLER AND MARITIME OFFEND
ERS.—R. Miranda, third cook on the steamer
Curacao, was held to answer by United States
Court Commissioner Heacock yesterday to th*
charge of smuggling 373 cigars, and his ball
was fixed at ?250. Dr. George C. McDonald
was arrested for boarding the British ship
Saint Bede without permission and Pilot
Charles T. Korts for obstructing a customs
official in the discharge of his duty on tha
same occasion. The trial of both cases was
set for Thursday afternoon, at 1:30 o'clock.
WEEPS WHEN
HE LOSES STAR
Policeman John Colen Cries
Like a Child v on Being
¦•;¦ Dismissed.
Police Commissioners Decide That
the Patrolman Is Guilty of Com
plicity With Bunko
Men.
The case of Police Officer John H. Colen,
who was charged with neglect of duty in
not reporting a bunko-steering case In
which J. A. Robertson, a recent arrival in
the city, lost $100, came up before the Po
lice Commission last night, and after
hearing all testimony the board found the
defendant guilty and dismissed him from
the e force.
Robertson said the officer refused to ar
rest the man vho robbed him, but went
out to find his pals. Colen then, accord
ing to his statement, told him he would
get back half the money he lost if he
would return within an hour. He re
turned as directed, and the policeman was
present when the money was paid.
Captain "Wlttman produced the bunko
steerers' outfit, gave the officer on trial
an excellent previous reputation and said
he was surprised to hear of the present
affair.
Colen denied that he had anything to do
with any money transaction, and said
that he failed to make any arrests because
Robertson told him the difficulty had been
settled and he destred that no one should
be locked up. The officer explained his
failure to make a report by saying that
he forgot.
Harry Walters was the next witness,
and he was followed by Attorney Mack.
The testimony of both was in the officer's
favor.
When the verdict of dismissal was ren
dered Colen wept like a child and had to
be led from the room.
The case against Officer F. Callahan for
shooting a dog that attacked him was
dismissed. . .
The, resignation of John Marshall was
accepted. Police Officer Barry was fined
$10 for reporting late for duty, and the
charges against Police Officer Aiken were
withdrawn. Officer James Kelly, who was
disrated from p. sergeantship on Septem
ber 3, 1890, applied to be reinstated, and
the matter was laid over for* one week.
CRAM'S ATUS OF THE
WORLD,
190O Census Edition,
Is offered as a premium to all
1 Call readers. Several sardple
atlases are on exhibition at the
business office , of this paper
and all persons desiring a first
class atlas are invited to call
and inspect this splendid book
of reference. .
ENTERTAINMENT FOE,
RELIGIOUS LEADEBS
San Francisco Sunday-School Work
ers Arrange Reception for Officials
of International Organization.
• A meeting of the Sunday school workers
of San Francisco was held^ Monday even-
Ing for the purpose of making arrange
ments to receive prominent international
leaders in that branch of religious work,
who will visit the city ,the latter part of
v April. The guests expected are Marion
jLawrence, International general secre
tary; Professor H. M. Hammill. interna
tional field secretary; ProfessorE. O. Ex
cell, the well-known song writer; Mrs. H.
M. Hammill and Rev. B. W. Spilman.
A reception and banquet will be ten
dered to the visitors on the evening: of
April 20, to which all the Sunday school
superintendents and pastors of the local
churches will be Invited. Meetings will
be held on ¦ Sunday,-. April 21. for the In
struction of workers and children. Mon
day afternoon, April 22, a conference will
be held with a view to the further organi
zation of Sunday school work in this
county.
The following named compose the com
mittees in charge of arrangements:
Finance— Rev. "W. M. White, E.J. Brlsrdon,
Ii. Mackenzie, H. C. Syrnonds, John Rush.
Advertising— A. A. Macurda, R. . R. ¦ Patterson,
"W. Bradford. Church notices — A. Larsen, J.
A. Sempey. H. N. Turner. ! Dinner and enter
tainment—C. B. Perkins. Meeting place— R.
V. 'Watt. A. P. Black. C.,M Bufford.
Socialist's Funeral Causes Serious
Riots in Bialy stock, Which Are
Quelled by the "Military
With Bloodshed.
BERLIN, April 2.— The students of the
University of "Warsaw have been pre
paring a great demonstration as a mark
of sympathy for their Russian comrades.
In Poulavy the Astronomic Institute
was closed because the students have en
gaged in riots.
In Bialystok, Russian Poland, a social
ist funeral occasioned bier riots. Thou
sands of persons, paraded the streets sing
ing revolutionary songs and shouting.
"Long live liberty!" The military finally
quelled the disturbance, but not without
considerable bloodshed.
Warsaw Students Vlan
Demonstrations to Giver
Heart to Russians.
WILL RIOT FROM
PURE SYMPATHY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V WEDNESDAY; APRIL 3, 1901.
Bunko Men Must Leave Town.
Nels Johnson and Chris Miller, two
bunko , men, who were arrested Sunday
afternoon on' Mason street by Policeman
Patrick Sullivan, appeared before Judge
Mofan yesterday on a charge of va
•grancy. The Judge gave- them twenty
four hours to leave the city and Intimated
that if they did not do so he would give
them six months each when again ar
rested.
Traffic on the Narrow-Gauge Road to San Rafael Tempo
rarily Deranged by the Aggressive Insects Until a Smoke
Brigade Made Up of Crew and Passengers Routs Them
were put about them. The result was
the loss of another train "by the man and
the remainder of their temper by the beea
When . the train arrived at the station
and the door of- the car was opened the
bystanders felt like ' robbers when the
trusty shotgun messenger gets to work.
The bees had the car and no one couM
get near it. They swarmed and buzzed
and stung everything in sight.
The dispatcher finally ordered the train
ahead and- the bees rolled out in their
private car. It was useless for train pur
poses and the conductor wanted to leave
it at San Rafael, but again ths dispatcher,
who' had a .ten-mile. Teach of telegraph
wire between him and the bee stings, or
" dered the car ahead with the train.
Conductor Brown la fertile in expedients
¦ and advice was . plenty. He organized a
band of smokers ; ¦ borrowed gloves and
handkerchiefs with which to equip them
as defensive armor, and then every man
with pipe or cigar alight, hands inglove3
and face • masked with handkerchief,
' went gayly to the. fray..
The smoke of battle and the roar of the
angry bees were terrific Conductor
Brown, backed up by the smoke-blowing
brigade, won the day and the bees were
put to rout and their hives bundled-ouc
after them.
The consignee is now laying low to
avoid the wrath to come, the trainmen get
mad . when anybody imitates a man
swatting bees and the railroad has a new
rule: "Bees will not be accepted for
. transportation." .
9
VALUABLE TESTIMONIALS,
A few of over One Thousand, from Famous Physicians: ¦ /
. Professor Von Mosetlg-Moorhof, Vienna, Austria,
| Professor of Surgery, Imp. University/writes: fe"I have employed Hanyadl Janos
Water in cases of Obstinate Constipation With excellent and immediate effect."
Professor Lomlkowskl, Charkow, Russia,
Professor In Therapeutics at the U nir^rsity, writes: " Hanyadl Jmnoi stands first
among all Aperient Waters." ." '
; Professor. D. Lamb!, Warsaw; Russia,
Professor of Clinical Medicine at the University, -writes: « Hnnyadl Janos Bitter
t Water, besides being an excellent general Aperient, has proved specially efficacious
in the treatment of chronic constipation, venous obstruction and congestion,
¦_' : hemorrhoidal affection and obesity." •• "
No Medicine In the World can compare with •• Hunyadi-Janos." -
ANSWERS A QUESTION.
Urs. Rorer's Reply in Ladies' Home
Journal.
"I .consider coffee as It Is usually made
In the American family — strong and from
the. pure bean— an injurious drink, espe-
cially for nervous people.
No doubt the student to whom you re-
fer can study better after taking- a cup
of coffee, but the new energy Is caused
by a stimulant, the effects of which will
foon v rar off, leaving him lower in nerv-
ous force.
That Is the reason he has headache
and/ feels so miserable when he is with-
out coffee. If it Is only the hot drink he
requires why not- take a cup of dear hot
water or a cup of Cereal Coffee."
Mrs. Rorer is one of the most eminent
authorities on food In America. She
knows that Americans go on day by day
using food and drink that Bap their vital-
ity instead of building It up, and it re-
quires argument oft repeated to wake
them up. Broken wrecks of humanity
stumbling: along, unable to carry out their
cherished plans, are all about us and their
physical weakness is nearly always due to
improper food and drink. Coffee Is a
skilled destroyer of nervous strength.
Postum Food Coffee is a delicious food
drink made from selected parts of cereals
that yield the elements Nature demands
for rebuilding the nerve tit sue all over'
the human body.
It Jt has ever been served to you In a
weak, unpalatable drink, have It made
over again and use two spoons to" each
cup -and know that the actual boiling
continues full 13 minutes. Our word for
it, the Po«um Coffee is delicious when
properly made.
POSTUM CEREAL.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cars of Gonorrhoea. Glacta,
• Stricture* and analogous complalata
of tho Orj&ans of Generation. . .
f Price U a bottle.' For sale by drug j!»t*.
AD VESTISEIVr-RTTTS.
I/Nj In the Schlitz brew- LjlJ
Kpa ery cleanliness is car- |jjg|
K|l ried to extremes. We K£g]
fesjil do more than is neces- Smsi
Wy sary to be certain of LJ^
Kj|3| The caldrons in ¥$&&
139 which the beer is KMa
IVjh b rewe cl are kept scru- |ag4
pJSgl pulously clean and Whc$
K|! covered. The air in I&iJ
p@Q which the beer is fjcjij
Via cooted is filtered. Fij
j6*l| The barrels in which gjj||l
&|y| it is stored are cleaned ||E|]
ry"j with steam and soda, jju/1
gTs then glazed with rosin U^j
|l|s|i on the inside, then g?\Jg
§Syl cleaned again. The j|s|j
ppl bottles are cleaned
k Is w itk utmost precaution. TjTi
pra Still we filterthe beer, * K5I
fs&S then sterilize every ape]
PPI bottle, for the slightest K|J
k(w uncleanliness taints LLj
ga&l the whole product. It bcSS
ral i is ' in these ways that |||jj|
P|9 Schlitz beer hasgained ttjfi
fe^fcj ¦ its reputation for pur- CLj
|yi ity, and made Milwau- g|i
SngB Thone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- f~S^
Fi 1 W ood,212MarketSt.,S*nFrancisco |££0THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; WEDNESDAY, APBLL 3, 1901.
10
MAGIC lanterns, sew and id-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st-
SAFES— New and secord hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
TYPEWRITERS at ar.y price to close them
out; different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
KTJSrSfEES OFFICE o: The San Fraaolfeo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; "open
cnttl o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICE3-C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: «pen until «:20 p. m.
ICO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f33 McAllister street; open until 9:J0 p. m.
US Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
:M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
*-:iill S p. m.
1C6 Eleventh Btreet; open until s p. m. .
3096 Valencia street; open until • p. m*
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
»i?rfcT streets: open until 9 p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
FOR sale-^-4 ' rooms furniture, , cheap; also
china cupboard. 2814 Pine st -¦".
FURNITURE WANTED.
DENTISTS
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Mar-
ket st.. .cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦ without* plates our. specialty; gold crowns,
J3 50 upr plates, extractions free, .$4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
. etc., see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larking teK Polk 694;
I furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GOOD paying, old-eetabllshed lumber business;
including eawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. tc F. L. COOPER, Nevada City, Cal.
RESTAURANT for* sale; doing good business;
rent cheap. 606 Howard St., near First .
GOOD paylnB*-restaurant on city front. Call
at DETJEN & MENDGEL, 35 Market st
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for 6ale cheap; "party
going away; cheap rent. Baker st.
A— GOOD restaurant complete: good payer; in
manufacturing center: cheap rent DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St. -
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
HELP i WANTED— MALE— Con.
HELP .WANTED FEMALE.
METER, 6 Turk — Painless extraction; vitalized
air ;crowns ;bridgewoi£. | Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fllllngs. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission st, cor. 6th.
LOANS, 1st or 2d xntss: city, country. 6%. undi-
vided Ints. ; estates. HARPER, 39? Parrott big.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldiag;
low rate. 222 Sansome st., "room 2.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THB
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorscr. MORRELL, £03 Examiner building.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 11/0 Market st. room &>.
MONEY leaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
3% en furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 8 Eddy st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jowelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
TO salaried people without collateral or tn-
dorser. S. K. Discount Agrency. 143 Phelan big.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: tal. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1223 Market, ladles*
specialists; 32 years* practice; alr"cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
" treatment, superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment; harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
well known; implicit confidence; reliable.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1113 Market st.
bet. Taylor and Masos; ladies' specialist.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st, bet Mason
and Taylor — Reliable ladles' specialist.
AI/L cases of female complaints cured with
pills: price $1. DR. V. POPPER. 823 Kearny.
WANTED— An operator on pants; steady po-
sition. ?6 Geary,- room 33., " ¦
RELIABLE young woman for general house-
work; small family., 2405 Webster st. ,
"WANTED — A good finisher on custom coats.
927 Market St., room 623. : • .
WANTED — A young girl 'to wait at table In
restaurant; $15 per month. 195 Tenth st.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators
and' a few apprentices; also apprentices to
learn to knit on machines. Apply J. J." PFIS-
TER KNITTING CO., 412. Polk st.
ABO~r 100 more operators, also riveters, want-
ed at LEVI STRAUSS &. CO.'S overall fac-
tory, 32^ Fremont st; no experience neces-
sary ; good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS. •
LUIS Vtf. WlJM-tiJN •
Paid Big Commissions ...:....
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND. COM-
PANY, 21 Spear st. ' ':-•'? K: --*'_- '-'¦>
IMMEDIATELY— 2 lady solicitors; fair salary;
must be of good address; for Saturday Even-
Ing Post. 53 Columbian building. .
YOUNG girl to assist In light homework;
wages $10; references. 2005 Pine st. . !
WANTED— Girl to assist: good home; small
wages. Apply 1019 San Bruno ave. -
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman pianos. 303 Post.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 21S McAllister.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister, next HlbernlaBank.
BEAUTD7UL new pianos. $153 up: rents and
easy payments. KLARE. 2208 Flllmore st
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Stelnway.
Knabe and others. BRtTENN. 208 Post st
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B.Allen Co.. 314 Post.
LEAVING city, mwst sacrifice handsome up-
rlgnt piano, used months. 324 Golden Gata.
A COMPLETE stock added to offerings, sec-
ond floor. SMITH'S Cash Store: save money.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1708 Market St. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song— $3
per month— dirt cheap.
5 PIANO snaps— $60, $75, $S0. $125. $130: easy
payments: also Apollo, slightly used, a bar-
¦|aln. BENJ. CURTAfc & SON, 13 OTarrell
St., Chickerlng agency.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A CARLOAD each of Baumelster and Sm'.th
& Barnes pianos Just put Into our ware-
rooms. They axe real beauties and worth
looking at. Cash or payments, and ?«?• »'-
tie of either will buy one. MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO., 760 Market st. -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHAS1KS, 26.
28. and SO O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done, to please and satisfy the
customer.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co. s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from.* Each the b?3t
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlm-»
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $8 cash and
16 per month. We offer to sell some pood
pianos at $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. jCLAY & CO., Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st, Oak-
land. . ••'; : y
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost: closing out
our Northwest agencies: following ar* some
of the pianos sacrificed:
1 Novella, up ....$65 1 Schiller $285
1 Estey $35 1 Sommer $13-->
1 Emerson, up ...$55 1 Gabler $135
X Vose ..7. $33 1 Waverly $123
1 Knabe $185 I Marshall Wendel.$l«3
2 Stelnways ..$185 up 1 Fisher, up J113
2 Helnes $315 up 1 Mason & Hamlin. $390
6 Chlckerings..$110 up 1 Schuman, up ....$103
1 Hallet & Davls.$4tw 1 Hazelton square.. $S5
8 Behr Bros'. $215. 125 1 Miller $125
8 Schaeffers $19u 1 Kelso $13-»
1 new Mason & Hamlin chapel organ, origi-
nal price $420. now $19*
And 50 others; rented and rent allowed If
purchased; rents $3 up; we handle all makes;
agents' for some of the oldest and most fa-
mous pianos in existence: agents wanted.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st
MUSICAL IASTRUMENTS.
MONTEZUMA COPPER— Don't put a dollar
Into stocks until you see what we offer you.
The Information costs nothing. ¦
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
, - Financial Agents,
310 Safe Deposit Bldg., San Francises. ,,
MIXES AND MIXING.
MINES, patents, oil 6tocks. real estate bought
and sold; Eastern and foreign capital wanted:
. ores, maps, mill tests shown at office, Parrott
blfig fourth floor, 475 and 476, 10 a. in. to 4
p. m. JOHN TILTON. M. E. -^
WANTED— Flrst-claasltailoress on vests; wages
$12; also apprentice. '504 Eddy st. . • .
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 193-197 Fremont st
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR 8 ALB.
TYPEWRITER to assist In office work; salary
$20 per month. Box . 2832, ¦ Call office. r:i
SPLENDID opening' for a general workman
. at shoemaking and harness repairing at
Tomales, • Marin : County, . Cal. Apply P.
MULVENAY. Tomales.
AT C. B, HANBEN & CO.'S.... i. 104 Geary st
|, ....:; ...RAILROAD WORK
Teamsters.;........ Nevada ......'...:Free fare
Heading men..Chatsworth Park.. $2 25 to $2 50
Teamsters ' and : laborers, Uklah .*...: ..... $2
Free fare ."...' Free fara
60 woodchoppers, 4-foot wood.... $1 50 a cord
Blacksmith, country, $2 25 to $3 50; black-
smith's helper, $1 25 and board; 6 milkers, $30
-'to $40; vegetable gardener, $25; choreman, $20
to $25.
• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 second cooks, • restaurants, $50 and $60; cook
and dishwasher, small country hotel, $35 and
$20; 6' cooks, $35 to $50; vegetable cook, hotel,
$35; 10 waiters, hotels -and restaurants. $25 to
$45; oysterman,* $45; pantrymen, $20 and $23;
¦ 2 pantrymen, $20 to $25. • -
Polisher and ironer, country '. — $13 week
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
A— CHEF ' for first-class hotel; $100. C. R.
• HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary. St. . . : ,
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
............WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
WE SHIP TO-DAY.... •-•
e TO THE MILLS, YARDS AND WOODS
of- a large mill and lumber company, 2*
common . laborers, no experience necessary....
: $26 and found— To go to-day
2 machinists, sawmill company.. $45 and found.
Camp blacksmith,- near city...' $60
Blacksmith's helper, camp /.......$53
- 6 blacksmiths, country shops, ranches, etc...
..........-............$3, $2 50 day, $40 and found
Harnessmakers $2 50 day, $35 and found
Carriage painters '...*. : $40
BO laborers for the woods .$30 and found
25 ranch teamsters $26 and"|30
Farm and orchard hands..... $25 and $30
18 milkers, city and country.. J.S30 and $35
SO laborers, city work '....$1 75 a day
Catholic choreman. Institution.. $20
FOR FULL LISTS - OF WORK COME
DOWN AND READ POSITIONS ON OUR
BULLETIN- BOARDS too numerous to ad-
vertlse. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED— :-. -..
Second man for private place, near city, $25
' and found; German wine cellar man, $12 a
\ week; 2 farm hands for vineyard, steady
place, $26; 2 vineyard and winery hands, $26;
2 farmers, $20; milker, near city.. $30; farmer
and wife for Santa Clara, $35; 2 hotel waiters. I
city, $25; hotel porter, $20. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st,
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st, phone
Red 31. -.»
AVanted to-day before 10 o'clock:
Free 'Fare! Free Fare!
10 mill and woodsmen, best of wages.
Boat leaves at 12. . ,
5 laborers at $2 per day.
2 machinists at $3 25.
2 coppersmiths. ' . --':'-:.
Farmers, tlemakers, woodchoppers, etc.
59 Third st. ,
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk: tel. Folaom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED for U. S. Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
service In Philippines. For Information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery
st, San Francisco, Cal.
SALESMEN wanted to sell our goods by sam-
ple to wholesale and retail trade; we are the
\ largest and only manufacturers In our line
In the • world ; liberal salary paid. Address
CAN-DEX MFG. CO., Savannah, Ga.
WANTED— Young man to drive parcel delivery
wagon ; ' no one without experience need ap-
. ply; give reference and -wages expected. Box
. 2837. Call office. ¦ . '. '
STEADY man in plain cash business; easy
hours; clears $100 per month; $200 required.
Rooms 7 and 8, 906 Market st.
WANTED — Salesman acquainted with the re-
tall grocery, business; give experience, refer-
ence and wages expected. Box 2838, Call.
WANTED— Young man for stock clerk; aged
15 to 20 years; retail dry goods; 6 o'clock
house. Address J. P., box 2833, Call - of flee.
WANTED — Young man between 16 and 20 year*)
to take charge of wrapping department; retail
dry goods house. Address box 2840, Call offlc«.
A RELIABLE man willing to Invest $200 can
secure a position; must be' fair penman. Box
2845. Call office.
15c BARBER shop; old stand; running two
chairs; In San Jose; cheap. STOL.TZ. 723
Market st. .
UNDERPRESSER -on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. ,
PRESSER on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st. -'.-.=:'¦
EXPERIENCED Job compositor; young man.
16 Fremont st. - ¦
WANTED— First-class carriage wood worker
at 2315 Pine gt.
25c BARBER shop: two chairs; In hotel; cheap.
Address H. BRAY, Nevada City. Cal.
WANTErwBuEhelman. Golden Eagle Clotb-
ing Store. 104 Kearny st. ,- • • - . - - ¦
BOY wanted: 15 years. 319 Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS bootblack for. barber shop. $10
per week. 238 O'Farrell st. .
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission' st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOYS wanted. Apply at Rope Walk, Potrero.
San Francisco. : . '.- - " ¦ •'
GOOD paying barber shop for sale; cheap; go-
lng East reason for selling. Box 2790, Call.
COAT makers on custom coats; steady work.
H. HILP, 106 Battery Bt, -
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
- hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker fcr the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery st
TAILORS. ROOS BROS., 25-87 Kearny st
YOUNG man to work on pants; must have
some experience. ¦ 1000 Harrison st. »i,
WANTED— Good blacksmith. Aoly to . J.
O' SHEA, Seventeenth and Vermont sts.
A BARBER for Wednesday evening and Sat-
urday. Sundays;, steady. 130S Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS gralner's helper. Apply 3462
19th st, 7:30 a. m. Wednesday. J. A. LEMON.
WANTED— A Stenographer and typewriter.
WIESTER & CO.. 22 Second st
WANTED — Good dishwasher for restaurant.
1550 Market st. . — ..
STRONG boy wanted to learn blacksml thing
at 1163 Mission st. : - /
WANTED— 2 lunch waiters at E82 Sixth st. •
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop. 1427
Octavla st, near Post. • '
WANTED — A good pressman on pants. 33
Geary, room 33. ~. ' . .
BARBER wanted; steady; single man. 604
Battery st, near Washington.
POLISHERS wanted. Globe Brass and Bell
Foundry, 128 Main st. ". : J *
HOTEL waiter wanted at New Washington
'Hotel. Fourth and Harrison sts. ,
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, , with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st
Beware of any cheap imitations.
A PRESSER wanted. 421 Point Lobos ave.,
Golden Gate Dye Works. < .. :.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock o( saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one flooi'. ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1013. 1C21, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue. -.
MAN. of good address for a responsible posi-
tion ; must be good talker. Call at 240 Mont-
gomery st., room. 14. >
A PREMO B camera and case, 4 plate holders,
4 kits and 3 printing frames. Call at 8%
Byington ave., bet. Fillmore and Webster.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*,
etc. "WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
GIRL ' wanted in . small family for general
housework: and cooking./' 1663 Post at.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
good pay. S. F. Mfg. Co., 409 A Turk st
MARKERS and distributers for laundry; wages
$2 50 to $5 per day of ten hours; references
required. Box 2743, Call , office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
, that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25o per night; $1 to $2 per week.
A MAN- of large, influential acquaintance can
' secure . good outside ' salaried position with
leading fire and marine Insurance office. Box
2754.- Call- office. - . > . V - -
A FEW, energetic, intelligent gentlemen to
present an ¦ attractive . financial proposition:
successful candidates earn from $100 to $300
per month." Address j box 2769, Call office.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St., S. F
2 PETALUMA Incubators; 150 and 300 eggs. 90S
Stanford ave.. Oakland, between Golden Gate
and Adeline stations.
FOR sale — Thoroughbred Incubator chicks and
eggs; white & black Mlnorcas, . white & buff
Leghorns. Potrero Poultry Yard, 404 Carolina.
ALL these 4-diamond lockets, Just out of pawn,
price $16, cost $35 each. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant ave.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, . exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
WANTED^- Ycung man, ; 17. to 20 years, 1 ' as bill
• clerk and office . assistant ; . must i be > accurate
At : figures - and ¦ good • penman. Address ¦ with
references box ' 2S46, Call , office.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
I boilers bought and sold. - KROGH MFG. CO.
WANTED— Young man, • 20 to 25 years. In man-
. ufacturing . drug house ; some ¦ experience « re-
quired: give references and experience. Box
2847, .Calls office, y'r'i »" -' '¦>..-' ¦ •; \ i-* ¦?
OUTSIDE route en this paper for sale. Apply
Call ' Business office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; modern Improvements;
sunny yard; cellar. 18S9 O'Farrell - nr. Pierce.
$S00— BAKERY with hcrse and wagon, counters
and fixtures of the beet; fine chance for' a
baker. California Business Assn., SG5"4 Mkt.
FOR sale — Restaurant and Hvlnr ' room* com-
plete. 126 Eecoad st.
3 BROAD place, oft Bush, between Hyde and
Larkin— Sunny cottage of 5 rooms;, rent $15.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
"ta 50c. -562 Mission st... bet 1st, and 2d sts. •
.YOUNG men to go north on a cruise at HER-
MAN'S, 26 Steuart st. ' . - : . ' ; -
COATMAKER - for. r country. ' Appiy REISS
>-¦ BROS.. 24: Sutter. gt-- *¦
PENSIONS— J. : H.-6hepard'& Co., old reliable
< . firm;- 806 Market,; room 40, Phelan building.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery. 1 rm.' 12.
. Steward, . $40, near city; waiters," $25 and $30.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blalns: painless cure Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c.' Boston ¦ House, • 930 Howard, St. : -. .
CHOICE corner saloon; pood location; paying
business. NE. corner Seventh and Folsom.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Oate ave.: telephone East 126.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop for sale-
rent $6. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 /Ellis st
$2C-0— GOOD-PAYING laundry route, with horre
end wagon. Box 2713. Call office.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 3 Eighth st Telephone Jessee 944. -¦¦'
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and'Sun-
t. days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.' ,
, SET of teeth without, plates. DR. 5] gT
I YOUNG, 1341 Polk St. ¦ .' ' ¦
1 DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
1 McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—";
Class rates; patterns cut. 1>19 Market -st.
; ACCORD EON. pleating:; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
3 EDUCATIONAL.
\ AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day j
i and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholarship
U guaranteed a complete business education, in-
« eluding the commercial and shorthand course:
» telegraphy, penmanship, etc. ; positions se-
J cured for graduates; catalogue. " \ '.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F. !
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher, of
; shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
; tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
) HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post .st, i
) S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
) guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
) electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free. ;
' A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory.;
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
. Stanford professor. Phelan building. .. \
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi- i
; tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
1 can therefore with confidence guarantee posl-
j{ tions to all iU graduates. 305 Larkin st.
* ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,meeh.,sur-
vey, aFsav. cvanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
I dcr Naillen School,. 113 Fulton, nr. City, Hall, j
'• A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping, and the i
J Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San . Fran-
' Cisco Business College. 1236 Market st. /:•- .-
A SPECIALTY; — Perfectinz beginners; business j
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures; short
¦ time. TARR,- exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. !
5 MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and i
3 typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-43, j
Parrott bldg. :. individ. instruction; catalogue. :
FRENCH,Spar.Ish.etc.Prof.D«"FiIippe'sAcademy i
of Languages. 320Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profs. !
PKOF. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin, ';
guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st ;
' ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing, ¦
etc. ; day or eve. " $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
' ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
) ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.' . •
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co., best help: send men at short
5 " notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
* JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
'. cooks, waiters and house servants. ¦ GEO.
; AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 13i
i JAPANESE, central housecleaning &' employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
- - flee; all kinds help. 315 StocTton; Main 51SS.
I ORPHEUM Employment" Office— Japanese. Chi-
J nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
- JAPANESE and Chinese employment office —
1 Best help. 526 O'Farrell St.: tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
¦ Best help. 411H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
} EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
'. FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress 'de-
sires situation; best of reference. MISS CUL-
1 LEN, 325 Sutter st.
A RELIABLE young woman wants work by
' the day washing or hoiisecleanlng; $1 a. day
and car fare; no letters , or postals. 623
J Stevenson st. >» ;:,"-¦;
- A COMPETENT Swedish girl wants to do
cooking or second work: best of city refer-
t er.ces; $25 to $30. Box 2S33, Call office. ' : '
DRESSMAKING and- old clothes made over;
j done cheap. Call or address 260 Harriet St.,
off Harrison. '-'.!"¦.
'. TRAINED nurse wishes employment in physi-
' j clan's or dentist's office: flrst-clas3 refer-
1 ences. Address box 2S49, Call office. . —
5 MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation,' to
1 take care of a lady or general housework.
2 Hamilton court. •
'. SWEDISH girl wants a situation to do house-
work in private, family; a good cook. 843
Franklin st., Oakland; phone Red 2433.
A GOOD cook wishes situation to do cooking
and some housework. Call at 261 Ivy ave. •
' A RELIABLE, middle-aged lady would like a
place to attend an invalid. Box 2848, .Call.
, WANTED— Situation by young lady press feed-
er; wages $10 a week; 9 hours work. ¦ Ad-
dress Feeder, 222. Twelfth St., .beV Howard
, and Folsom.
J SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do light
5 housework. 42 Elliott park.
: WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; ,25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
j $6 wetk; convenient and respectable; free *bus
J • and baggage to and from ferry.,
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
t ' EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
3 HONEST Catholic, single man, aged SO, well
\ acquainted in city, wl&hes any steady, honest
- position of trust; was collector In this city
1 and also clerking in grocery business; speaks
; English, German and French; Al references.
. Address W. WEGRICH, corner Twenty-fourth
and Mission sts., city. \
1 BOOKKEEPER ¦ and cashier (age 30), with
present firm last 12 years, wants ¦ to change
¦where brains and hard work count. Box
I . 2782. Call office.
-. MIDDLE-AGED , man wants work in private
; family; used to horses, garden, cooking; use-
ful In general: wages moderate ; references.
J Address box 2216, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Work of any kind, afternoons or
evenings, by. middle-aged man. Box 2S36,
Call office. . ¦ ¦
r SITUATION by young man taking care - of
; horse3, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 2736, Call office. '
. BARTENDER wishes position; city or coun-
- try. Address W. C, box 2851. Call office.
..- MIDDLE-AGED Scandinavian wishes . situa-
tion to do general housework, or as gerdener,
- • porter or watchman ; handy with carpenter
, tools; is good orchardlst. Box 2786. Call.
,; FIRST-CLASS bartender, best of city refer-
'• ences, wants Job; city or country. NICKLE,
~ 748 Market st . : .
'- BY experienced dry good man; In country
» town; dress goods or domestic; no window
, trimming; good references. Box 2784/ Call.
j BARTENDER." well recommended, seeks situ-
ation. W. HART, C10 Minna St. ,
- YOUNG, steady, experienced butcher wishes
. position In city or country. .Box 2787. Call.
* FINANCIAL.
The Stanley Aerial Navigation Co. has ad-
vertised no stock for sale in the daily news-
papers. No stock ¦ will be sold by the com-
pany except at its office, and all persons are
I warned against the purchase of, any stock ad-
1 vestlsed for sale at a sacrifice, as the. own-
ership of saiC stock is in litigation. Further
information at company's office, * 702 Market
- st. CHAS. STANLEY, President
; ' J. A. BORN, : Secretary.
- FOR INVESTORS!'.! •¦ -. ¦ • • ~~
I OFFER FOR SALE '
Unlmpfroved and income ' city ¦ property; gllt-
~ edge bonds and stocks* of electric, gas, rail-
1 road ; and industrial ; corporations; money to
„ loan; investments made; bank references; cor-
respondence solicited. -
T." OTWAY . SADLEIR,
Z Room 40, 310 Pine st,
¦ . San . Francisco.
m THE STANLEY Aerial Navigation Company. |
. A . limited number of shares for sale at a
sacrifice. Box .. 2649. Call office.' ; . —.-' .. ;
I FLATS TO LET. i^i
1 SIXTEENTH, 3672. near Market— 5 or 7 rooms
• and bath; sunny; fine view; nice garden.
WANTED — A press boy. ' Apply 532 Commer-
cial st,,C.W. NEVIN. -.-it '. .
4 CARPENTERS for country, $3 50 day; milker
¦ and wife. $50: fruit •¦ fanner and wife. $40;
' 2 milkers, Humboldt Co., $35; buttermaker, $40;
milkers," $30: milker and butter-maker, small
• dairy,, $X; 2 vegetable gardeners, $26 and $30;
¦ man »about place, : $30; .stableman for ranch,
' $"20;. fruit 'peddler, $15 and found; milk wagon
driver . and others. - J. ¦ F.'- CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento -st. • . -
ADVANCE Carpet-CleanlnB Cck. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main SS4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. .
TAILORS and coat operators wanted by 8. N
WOOD & CO.; apply at factory, 27 Geary st
SECOND-HAND buggy and bicycle, fine order;
cheap. 1169 Howard.
FOR SALE— A portable oven; cheap. 1201 Sev-
enth St., Oakland.
FRESH Jersey cow, No. 1,' for sale. 2809*-i
California st. ;
ENGINES and boilera; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st. .- -
Gasoline or 'distillate engines, new & 2d-hjr*id;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 86 Blnxome.
TYPEWRITERS, : 2d-haad, all makes, at low
flgVes. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg*y.
DOMESTIC and i White sewing machine, good
order, complete, cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
MAN: with $300 to join. advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. : Box 2433. ' Call.
A LOT of government tents; 30 bath tubs;
cheap. 558 Mission st.
TWO-CHAIR- barber shop for sale; rent $6.
403 Pacific st.-.'.i • .
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and 'Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et: tel. Mission -74.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H,
ETEVENS. regr., 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
TAILOXi business cheap; 2 machines; ¦. cloth
«nd trimntlr.ge; everything to live with; rent
cheap: retiring from .business; price $40. C22
Stanyan et. near HaSghTt"
FOR SALE — Account ill health; general mer-
chandise store In thriving manufacturing
center: 13 miles from San Francisco; $3500 or
b*v invoice. Call box 27S3, Cal!
LOT of second-hand oil tanks; good order
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
INTEREST in one of best paying barber shops
for sale;' $2000 required. Box. 2770. Call office.
RESTAURANT cook and wife, - $75; '. pastry
. cook, $25: restaurant kitchen man, $30;
" broiler, $a0; waiter, country restaurant, . $30
and found; oysterman, . $10 week; hotel wait-
ers, $23 and . found: -pot washer, $30; dish-
washers, $25. and $30, and others, i J. ¦. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ;¦»...:
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A MARKET Et. brick warehouse In wholesale
district; low rental or on snares to right
party. Apply to H. A. SMITH, 23 Market St.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon' scale: compound
beam. Apply at 216 California str
AT KEEFFE'9. 933 Market st, 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Ehonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
>'t*SB>SSW*S»SSSS»J*S»SSSSSSTS»»SSTS«SSSTS»B»»SS»»STSMir*l»SSSSSSS»SSS»SSSS>SSS
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
AT $16 you get 4 rooms and store, complete
order; good business location. Apply 938
Harrison, near Sixth st.
VERY fine large store and basement: 993 Va-
lencia st. near Twenty- first; key next door.
E. G. DS^TNISTON. 743 Mission st
_ — -
THREE cents per share: safest oil Investment;
is expected to go to $2 per share in a few
months; send for prospectus. P. S. M. &
I. Co., 326 Post St.
MONTEREY CO. SSAP^-Near San Ardo strike:
160 acres patented land at $33 per acre: worth
$100 per acre on account of recent strike. H.
A. MARVIN. 232 Montgomery st. 9. F.. Cal.
'¦ JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330. Pine st
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
WILL deed choice tract as subsidy for boring
well. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered, $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paln< Co.. 319 3d st; tet Red 8S21.
PALMISTRY.
H. JXROME^F^S^ELLlvljcientia* palmist. 515
Taylor st. bet Geary and Post; teL Black 6C
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner blr.
PHYSICIANS AND SUKGEONS.
PR, C. C. O'DONNELL — Of flea and residence.
1021% Market st,. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; se*
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Kills.
A— IF your hair la falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE, 438 Geary st. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
REWARD— $1000 paid by the NEW YORK
DERMATO\OGISTS to any one whose wrin-
kles or frecides return after their treatment'
¦Sample free. at office, 105 Ellis st., S. F.
WANTED— To know the whereabouts or ad-
dress of FREDERICK PETERSON, formerly
of Angels Camp. Cal. MRS. BRITTA PET-
ERSON, 18 RItch st.
GENTLEMAN wishes acquaintance 'of lady*
object, matrimony. Box 2834. Call offlce,-
A LOT of -tomatoes In gallon tins; standard*
selllrg. before new ones come In, at 20c tin.
SMITH'S. 25 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rate*- JO
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st.
SCHOOL to learn hairdressing, hair work, inan-
. lcuring; private lessons or class. MISS A: V
DOYLE, 1T04 Market, bet. Polk and Van Nesa.*
JAMES' Detective Bureau. 127 Montgomery st.
room 21; phone Bush 289; charges reasonable?
SANITARY cleaning and ¦ dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister st. : phone South 146.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 353-S57 Tebaxna st; tel. South 40.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
. . free. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st ;
no barroom chairs used In this college. ¦-
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions 'has been . established at 1036
. Valencia st. t • < ¦
DRUGSTORE fcr eale; south of Market st.
good Investment for druggist or physician.
JOHN CALVERT, 400 Sutter et
WANTED— Experienced ' shirt or 'waist opera-
tors. EAGLESbN & CO.. 535 Market st. X-
tlSOO— WINE and liquor store; transfer corner;
r«tirins from business cause of sale. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. '¦ N. WOOD &
¦ CO. ¦ Apply. at. factory. 27 Geary st. •-- •• ¦-.--
A— S600: RESTAUP.ANT: no better location In
the city; this, is positively worth over $1000.
but it must go Immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 326 Pine St.; phone Davis 328*
YOUNG . German girl to assist In light house-
work;' no washing. 691 McAllister st' , '.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c: card reader;.
past present, future. 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 14.-
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c up. 7 Seventh st
YOUNG Zemdar, clairvoyant business medium;
names given: L. 50c. G. $1. 1203 Market, r. 25.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448'.4 Jessl? et.. bet 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant,' card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 2.c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ad- :i names given: 25c up. .5 Fourth st
CARPET I1EATIXG' AXD CLEANING.
A— $900: CORNER saloon; full value; clear $100
month. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st
A — WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny st.
100 CIG,AR. elands. 200 groceries and bars.
"S00 caney anil icecream stores, C05 restaurants.
S00 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be eulted.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st
AN experienced tailoress; steady Work. 922 7th
¦ st.; Oakland, Market-st. station. • ¦
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on coats.
107 Fifth st, room 7. ¦
LAIRVOYANT* card reader-; •' Just arrived
from La., 15c; ladies only. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader, 11 6tli : German spoken ; tel.Hpward 1S46.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice girl to work
on coats; good pay. 834 Kearny, room 9.'
3 PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 Howard,
bet. 4th and 5th, over handball court'
SPECIAL- NOTICE— We have several excep-
tionally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
stores; also restaurants, barber shops and
saloons. FISHER & CO., 935 Market st.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium ;.2Sc up. 472 Stevenson st.cor.vfith.
OPERATORS on shirts & overalls; Inexperienc-
ed instructed. Heynemann_& Co., 410 Mission.
MP.S. E. SANDERS, medium and palmist;
teaches mind vibration., the greatest secret on
earth; readings dally. 1130 Market st. •
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, • clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist ;¦ advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
suits. 26*4 Kearny, r. 5, 6; hrs. 10 to 12, 1 to 7.
PANTS -finisher and . apprentice; paid while
learning. 110 William St., nr. Geary & Taylor.
A NEWLY patented device for military pur-
poses in camp, trench and hospital, thus In-
viting Government contracts; for miners,
prospectors and campers, in cold, frozen and
nil regions, froni whom the demand should
be large, as this device would be the means
of savins thousands of lives in Nome and
Klondike, etc.; for cattlemen, farmers, dairy-
men, orchardists, etc. ; for railroad, gas and
water companies: It will form a most profit-
able basis fcr organizing a company to ex-
ploit It: the patent of this most lucrative
monopoly is cCered for only one-half Its ap-
praised value. Address box 162, Berkeley
P. O.. Cal.
MME. PORTER, "wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
TOUNG girl to help with housework in family
of three grown people. 911 Stelner st
WANTED— First • - class • finisher on custom
pants; .steady work; good wages. MR.
STERN, 411% Kearny st, top floor. '.' ;•'. • .-:,•
WANTED— Good hands on ladies' wrappers;
electrio power. JUDA BROS., 109 Battery.'
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future'; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees . *5c up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215% Sixth st. '
.:.. List your business with us ,
We sell for cash ,
J400— Bakery; Western Addition ,
$275— Branch bakery; near school
$700— Butcher shop; Mission; horse, wagon..
$400— Candy, ice cream parlor; leading street
$250 — Cigar stand; wholesale district
C. ANTHONY & CO., 739 Market st
Phone Black 4071
...Money loaned on legitimate propositions...
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
. ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
f 1600— GROCERY & bar; old established; cheap
rent; No. 1 6tock & fixtures; choice location;
full investigation solicited; value In sight
LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market and 9 Ellis.
RESPECTABLE young lady desires partner In
well-paying restaurant; clears $150 per month;
$200 required. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st.
A— $2200 HOTEL and bar. 25 years established
and centrally located; bus to all trains; 60
steady boarders; will sell at half value on ac-
count of death; fine bar trade. LUNDIN &
CO.. 906 Market st. and 9 Ellis st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT on Sansome St.; rent
$18; good paying. R. G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny.
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your lite correctly, gives ah accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told »how to
overcome them. Valuable advice fW all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
CLAIRVOYANTS.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SS5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-night: 10c.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer, Room 14, 305 Larkin st.
Mrs. Maxwell; meet. Tucs., Wed.. 1238 Howard;
Thur., 117 Larkin; lower hall; Wrenn, Swan.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-night, S:15; sittings
10 to 4. 1809 Stockton et.. near Greenwich.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's circle to-night at
8 sharp: 10c; every one gets a test. 5 Hyde st.
A RARE change— Old-established flower store,
with nursery, including hothouses, boiler,
hcrees. wagons, plants and trees of all de-
scriptions; location heart of the city; estab-
lished 8 years; flrst-class. paying- establish-
ment; lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A— $400; RESTAURANT; choicest location;
close ta Palace Hotel; rent 130; good paying
business. Cal! R. G. WILKE, 26',£ Kearny.
a— $l$50: CORNER grocery and bar, on Point
Lobos ave.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old
established and first-class paying business,
with large stock:* rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE. C6ii. Kearny st
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings $1. 116* O'Farrell, nr. Gough, Ellis car.
A— $400: BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
5 living rooms; rent $20; daily receipts $12;
rare and splendid chance. R. G. WILKE,
"6H liearny st. *
MME. GYEISN, trance medium; advice In all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9,
at 33 Sixth Bt., rooms 16 and 17. ;:¦ ¦ r * •' '¦'
A— $500; DAIRY produce and coffee and tea
etore, with 2 living rooms'; rent $20: very
. best location, McAllister st.. and good pay-
Ing; death cause of Bale. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26'4 lCearny st.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking; wages
$20. 512 Devlsadero ', st.
WANTED— A nursegirl"; must have experience.
Apply between, 10 and 12, 1453 Franklin st
WANTED— First-class operator and finisher on
pants; good wages.' 1000 Harrison st.
WANTED— Good . cook. ¦ Apply at 2030 Seven-
teenth St., corner Vermont. • ' ¦ .
WANTED— Good flrst-class dinner waitress at
304 Mason st. ; wages ?3 EO a week.
EXPERIENCED nurse for two children. Ap-
ply room 314 Colonial Hotel, Pine and Jones.
AFTER a severe Illness, Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world -renowned spiritual medium; advice in
an affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths:
unites the separated: mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resid. (no signs). E13 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
DRESSMAKER ana apprentice: 764 Howard 8t,
A— $550; SALOON, corner; only one block S. of
Market st. ; net rent $35; a flrst-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 26% Kear-
ny 6t. . .' .' .-.., ......
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work and cooking, $25. 709 Mason st.
YOUNG girl for 'general hausework. Call 632
Golden Gate ave.
WOMAN to cook, wash, assist with general
housework; J20; for country. 828 Turk st
SPIRITUALISM. .
ARRIVED — The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium in the
world so sure of his occult power that he 1
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
stamps for answers. 13S2. Market st, opp. 7th.
YOUNG girl to assist general housework; small
family. 611 Cole St., opposite Chutes.
A— $1SOO; SALOON in whosesale district; no
night or Sunday work; rent $50; daily re-
oeipts $20; good business; owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A-$13C0; DELICACY and provision store: 1
block from Market St.; daily receipts from
$35 to 5-SC-: a first-class, paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2€\i Kearny st
ULSIMSSS CHjfXCKS.
FOR sale — A 6-room furnished house; nice
hom*: rent 525. 16H Bush st
MAKERS — Good sewing machine operators In
millinery store. 692 McAllister st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma ,'preckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Et. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
A 13-ROOM unfurnished lodging-house; 1<?
Steuart St., near- Market: good chance to
make money. Apply on premises: rent $30.
AMATEUR, singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evenine. - . .¦ '. .
WANTED — A few experienced operators, and a
limited number for Instruction. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove sts.
$1250 — HOUSE. 30 rooms: nicely furnished; al-
wavs full; trnt M5; water free; must sell.
Box 27S9, Call office.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market 6t.. opp. Mason.
I. H. McKNlGHT. collections: damages: es-
tates : mining; open even. SJ2 Parrott bldg.
WANTED, at once— Woman who is bright and
"dressas neatly to, travel for wholesale house.
Box 2850. Call office. ' v '• . '. • -. : ' -. - -
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to. Loan .•
719 Market by Call bids.; tel. Black 1S03.
1ft rooms; fine carp»ts and furniture. ...$imo
14 rooms; north Market; elegant furniture 1600
19 rms.; sunny cor.: fine location: % cash 140!)
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
AT LAW.
ATTOItXKYS
MILLINER wanted for British Columbia: good
salary. Apply, R. L. TOPLITZ & CO., 549
_ Market st.
ASTROLOGY.
Scientific teacher of astrology: horoscopes com-
plete, 50c &$1. Mrs. Dr. Smith. 1007*4 Market,r.l2.
7 ROOMS, near Market: rent $25; price $250.
11 rooms; McAllister Kt; rent $40; price $550.
14 rooms; Mission at: rent $50: price $350.
. 9 rooms: Sixth st: rent $25: price $400.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 25 -Sixth st.
NIGHT cashier for a bakery and restaurant;
must have reference. BRUESS' Cafe, 70
.Third st; wages $30. :;•':".'
CATHOLIC \ woman- about 36 years of age,
without incumbrance," to do general house-
work: family of 4 adults; $15 month. Call
at 300 Hayes st. . ; .
1. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalk* re-
r.nfrwJ: rental. 11S6 MifMon: tel. Foltom 1607.
ASPHALTUM HOOKING.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St.; tel. Jessie 1590.
48 rooms; north of Market: only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very flnely furnished.... 600
20 rooms: rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bersain v.-e have them at any price..
WANTED— In' San Rafael, for general house-
work in a family of 5, a strong, quick, in-
telligent girl with good references; wages $30
• per month. Address P. O. box 235, San Ra-
fael, Cal. '
"EXPERIENCED Insurance - agents. Call at
room 101. 997 Market gt.. comer Sixth.
"«" ANTED— A rents In each city; good money.
Fac'.flc Ccatt M. & L. Co.. 460 Sth. Oakland.
SOLICITOUS, male or female, 50 per cent
c^riralspion. 527 Hayes k».
LODGING-HOUSES, boarding-houses'and ho-
tels to sultevery buyer; this office is licensed;
I am established since 1892; I loan money to
' buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1311.
Rooms 1. 2. No. 917 Market St.. opp. Mason.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head Colorado resort, $30.
AGENTS WASTED.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 MARKET ST.
Over Wonder Millinery Store
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $150 $2500
49 rooms; part cash; see it $'£>00
20 rooms; rent $50; only $800
tO rooms: Ellis st: new; terms $1400
MONEY TO LOAN AT 1% PER CENT.
HQUSEWORK, city, $15. no Sunday work;
. infant's nurse, $25; second girl, Ross Val-
ley, $25; seamstress, $1 a day; working house-
keeper, city, $20; working housekeeper, coun-
try, $15, no objection to a child; waitress,
railroad eating-house, $20; German nurse, $23;
1 companion for a girl and sew, $20; maid and
seamstress, 520; chambermaid, hotel, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter it." '.--.-:
THE adjourned annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Pacific Undertakers will be
held at 777 Mission 6t. on MONDAY. April
S. 1001. at 8:30 p. m... for the election of di-
rectors for t'.ie balance of the ensuing term
end the transaction of such other business as
may come before It. Transfer books will
close Friday. Aurll 5. 1901. nt 4 p. m.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary-
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
60 rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean, clears $50 900
14 rooms sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
SO rooms, all conveniences", select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments •. 6<X>
Vacant houses furnished....
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WANTED— 2. neat experienced nurses for chll-
dre'n, $25; waitress, country hotel, $25; 2 wait-
resses and chambermaids for nice country ho-
tel, .$20 each, see boss here to-day; waitress,
restaurant, $7 a week; laundress, $30; 6 cooks,
$30 and $35; cook for delicatessen lunch, $40;
pastry cook, restaurant, $35; second girls, $20;
cook $30 and second girl $20, both same house,
country; cook and wife as 'first and second,
for restaurant, $75i Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. ' ';"::.:
STRONG woman for house-cleaning, springs,
$25, free fare both ways. MRS. M. Er DAY
& CO. ,335 Geary st. ; .
SELECT OTOUR HOUSE FROM THE
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms; well furnished; good location.. $259
10 rooms: cheap rent; honest value $350
22 rooms; apartment house; must sell. ...$1000
32 rooms; money maker; downtown $1600
82 rooms; elegantly furnished: see this.. $9500
150 rooms; a chance seldom offered: $25,000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses tind country hotels. ¦
See our special bargain list before buying.
. WALTER HAYE8 & CO., 838 Market st
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.:.... Phone Main 1575
...HOTEL DEPARTMENT.'.
4 waitresses. Salt' Lake City; 8 waitresses,
flrst-class commercial hotels, $20 and $25; 5
waitresses, $20; 2 . restaurant waitresses, $7;
chambermaid,. $20; '2 chambermaids, $15;
chambermaid, springs," $20: pastry cook, $30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Scandinavian cook and house girl, 2 in fam-
ily, country, $25 to $30, fare paid, see party
here; many others. MRS. M. E. DAY &
¦CO., 325 Geary st. ' : ;
KOOCCO AT 6 per cent In sum3 to suit In city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair Tates: tecond
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pipe.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin J«welry Store. 84S Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. .
THE California Debris Commission, having r»-
wived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from F.-C. LeBlond and W. E. Olin-
Mead. In the Chaparral Hill mine, near
Dotvnievillft. -Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in
Goodyear Creek; from Ah Lung, in the Ful-
ler Flat mine, near Scales, Sierra Co.. to de-
posit tailings In Canyon Creek; from J. H.
Skfnner, in the Lava Point mine, at Hepsi-
dam. Sierra Co., to deposit tailings In
Whiskey Creek: from J. W. Dempsey. In the
Hungarian Hill mir.e, near Qulncy, Plumas
Oo.. to deposit tailings In Whiskey Creek,
und from J. S. Carter and William Deal, In
the Cadmus mir.c. at head of Peters Creek.
Plumas Co.. to deposit tailings in Peters
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 59, Flood building. San Fran-
rlsco. Cal.. on April 15. 190L at 1:30 p. m.
SERVIAN - MONTENEGRIN I* A
r.nJ B. Society, 909 Jlarket street fYYto
Quarterly meeting of Servian- »J>P><r
¦^onter.egrrin L. and B. Society fcaafrVJvfl
will b« held THIS WEDNESDAY Hg|a!«SftI
i; VEXING. April 3, 3901, at UHEuIKmH
7:M o'clock, nt 009 Market st. All tSSRavf
officers Hiid members are \JjyRIKI#y
earnestly lequtEtPd to attend. MS^SS'
Fines for non-attendance will
be strictly enforced. By order
•....1 s. GE.RTTNOVICH, President
fi. EARGENTICH. Secretary.
ANY amount- at 8%: first, 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
A. CAMERON & CO., «50 Market st. *nd_8
Stockton st, phone Bush 328, rooms 21, 22, 23.
— If you have hotel, rooming house or busi-
ness chance of any kind to sell list with' us;
we have cash customers for all sizes and
prices; If you wish to purchase, see our list
of bargains.
61 rooms. Sixth st; good condition; rent
$140; clears $175; Al location, $3000. .
23 rooms; rent $75; offices first floor;; six
rooms pay $60; leaves 17 rooms for $15; good
furniture and carpets; 2 years old; $1700. •_
8-room modern flat; Eddy st; rent $40; good
furniture and carpets; sunny: $450.
17 rooms; Geary st.; rent $65; good carpets
and furniture; all rented; pays $85 over ex-
penses; offices first floor. *«'''','" l
12 rooms; Leavenworth St.; rent $ss; elegant;
$850; full good roomers. "n --/ '
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. .
KXCELEIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ¦
M.-Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- _J%_
DAY) EVENING. April 3, at 7:30 jLjf
o'clock. THEO. E. SMITH, Sec / XT >
DR.R.L. WALSH,- 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phone Polk 1135.
ANY proposition, any amount:.? per cent; first,
second mortgages 1 , estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16, l3t floor.
Chronicle building. HALLO RAN & OLSEN.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting and D. Sd THIS. a #\-
EVENING, Asril 3, 7:20. By order of jCJT
the W. M. H. FORTRIBDB, See, /V^
. . . .' FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ..........
Working housekeeper for 4 men, city, $12;
woman with a child to cook for 2 old people,
see party here, $12; cook, Berkeley, $25; cook,
city, $30; .house girls, second girls, young
nurse girl, care for one child, $12 —
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary st.
Nurse, for a home
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
Cook, summer resort, see party here....... *30
Cook, boarding-house, city. $25
Waitress, institution, . washing and found.. $23
' Waitress, short distance, fare paid '..$25
¦Waitress, -Fresno, see party here...".. ......'.$25
Waitress, country hotel .$20
2 waitresses, same . country hotel, see party
here this a. m., fare paid — ...$20
-2 chambermaids, city '• $17 50
2 chambermaids to wait, country. $20
Seamstress $1 a day
MOUNT JSiORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. •
and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS^V-
. WEDNESDAY) EVENING. at S TC3\
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH, Sec /
IF YOUR PROPERTr
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHT.
' 630 Market st. Loan* on estates in probate,
undivided Interests iu estates, second mort-
gages, etc. -,
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— Xo charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
CHAS. LEVY buys* ycur furniture, carpets,
planer, etc." 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie .761.
A— NEW unbreakable . plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for. 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fllllngs,
BOc; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chlcags • Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsom
2243 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
MEETIXG aroTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. and 8. •
M.. will meet THIS (WEDNESDAY) _#\_
HVENING. .April 3. at 8 o'clock, for TC3T
business and degrees. By order of the /
T. I. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Recorder.
J1O.NEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, T»te. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose>
their friendship; do business with' strangers
and you will bejsetter satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9G6 Market st.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1341.
16 ROOMS: corner: fine for transient $1000
82-room house; clears $200 > 1600
10 rooms on Eddy et.. near Market .500
14 rooms on Third st, near Market BoO
14 rooms on Mission st 630
40 rooms; rent $C0: clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market: clears $200 2000
£7 rooms; Just finished; very fine 2800
24 rooms on Geary St.; clears $135..... — 1900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300.. 6000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
85-room house; clears $800 6000
EO-room boarding-house; clears $600 .. 6000
S-room flat; sunny side •_ «w
6-room flat; very good •" «2o
4 vacant houses to rent.
600 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
$20,000: abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.,
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 796. _-
LODGING-HOUSES FOR* SALE.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or. fillings by. my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. -
HELP "WANTED — MALE — Con.
4 ROOMS ) furnished in I cak, ¦ $48 60, - with No." 7
: range. . King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE "FOR SALE.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants. masquerade, la-
dies*, gents* clothing. 134, Sth: tel. Folsom 2323.
UlSCELLANEOl'S WANTS.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; frea
• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
-HORSES AJfP WAGOXS.
FOR sale— A handsome black stalMon, 6 years
old. 17 hands high, weighs 1600 lbs.: Is sound
and of good disposition; will be sold reason-
able. Address JOHN SHIELDS. Marshall,
Marin Co.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, - buggies,
I carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
2d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
BUSINESS cart for butcher for delivery; also
business horse, stands without hitching; lady
\t can drive. jg21 Market st. .
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom^
1 5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
order for sale. 377 Shotwell' st. ~.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
GOOD business horses, I wagon horses, heavy,
light, fast fracera and trotters. ¦ 721 Howard.
WANTED— 25 horses for pasture "at Glen
Park. Telephone Mission 63. •
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
' camping wagon, for sale cheap. 533 Mission.
HOUSES TO .LET.
A^PONT^iD^IS^H^seT^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent — House of 9 xooms; large yard: rent
$5; cor. 20th ave. and H st. South S. F. In-
quire at Four-mile House. Railroad ave. ,
South San Francisco.
A 5-ROOM flat, good order; $12. Apply 926
Harrison st. " '.!.*"
Handsomely frnshd 10-room house; newly con-
strctd; Laguna, nr. Pacific; for 4 mos., beg.
May 1; rent $75. F. D. Madlson,104 Crocker bg.
BUSH. 1220 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
yard; $37 B0; water free. ,
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 8 rooms snd
bath; Oakland; $13. Apply at. 14 Grant ave.,
room 2. ¦,.;-¦ '-_.;. ¦:;':'*-.?-.'¦¦¦¦_ >:: :
STEINER. 22C6— Well furnished 7 rooms, bath:
whole or part: references. Call 1 to 4 p. in.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Leather pocketbook containing $255 and
certificate of deposit on Leavenworth Na-
tional Bank for $3000; also my personal card:
finder will be liberally rewarded by returning
same to Palace Hotel office. W. P. NOTT.
LOST— Year-old collie dog: tan color; marked
with black and white; liberal reward. Re-
turn to 1920 Jackson st. • •
LOST — One couch, 1 box marked J. Oesterlcher,
Bakersfield. Reward at Merchants' Express
Co.. 1 Spear st.
LOST— Brown 'cocker spaniel ' bitch with white
spot on breast. Liberal reward If returned
to 2938 Jackson St.
WILL the lady who found pin outside Q. M.
D., Jessie st, return same to room 33, Q. M.
p.? Reward. ,*
LOST — Brlndle cow with brass knobs on horns.
3627 Seventeenth st. ; phone Capp 514.
$20 REWARD— Lost— Single pearl scarf pin.
Return to COFFEE, 632 Post st.
LOST — Monday noon, front of Mauvals" music
store, lady's gold watch, three pictures in-
side. Return, office 13 Howard st: reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and fob engraved
"Minnie." Return 719 Taylor st: reward.
Wanted — Old jrold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
.leweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THB
WALTZ fcAFE, 109-111 Market st, San. Fran.
$20THE SAN FK ANCISOO GAfclv WEDNESDAY, APRIL 3, 1901.
11
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, ' 840 MIs-
eion St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PERSONALS Continued.
TYPEWRITERS Altf D SUPPLIES^
GMaT^AR^AINsTn^TTPEWRITERS— We
sel! better machines for less money than any
• house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter,
S Exchange. 536 California; telephone: Main 266.
of principal place of business, city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the board of directors of. said company, held
on the isth day of 'February. 1901, an assess-
ment of, ten dollars ($10) per share was levied
upon the capital stock of the corporation, pay-
able immediately to the secretary at the office
of said corporation.: No. 327 Market St.. In the
city and. county of San Francisco, , State of
California. •' ) ••;'•' ..
'Any stock upon which this assessme-.it shall
remain unpaid on the 23d day of March, 1901,'
will be delinquent and advertised for -sale at
public auction, and unless payment is mad-!
before will be sold on Thursday., the 11th day
Of -Atrll. 1901, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the board of di-
rectors. , ¦¦-•¦. E. H. SHELDON.
• Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company.
Office of secretary. 327 Market st.. in the c!ty
, and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
' lfornla. • ¦>¦".-¦..•'¦ .' ¦
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND iliotlce— The~ > Giant ; Powder Com-
pany,- Con.— A dividend. No. 28, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capl-
.tal stock of the company . has been declared
payable at the office ¦ of the company. 430
California ¦ St.. San Francisco, on April 10;
1901. Transfer books . close April 3, 1901, at
-noon. ... A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
» ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY— Location
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-.
| gineer, Division ' of the I Philippines, Manila,
¦ P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila; P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.-
m.. "August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic. yards concrete and
rubble masonry In breakwaters, about 5,000,-
' 000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
j head 4700 feet . long. ' Dredging In mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
rtaterial to' be used . for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) In gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's. bond will be 10 per cent
Of the amount bid. The right is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications, and
blank forms apply to this office, Bureau of
Insular Affairs. Washington. D. C; United
States Engineer Offices at New York. Chl-
'. cago . and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers. '/.' ' • . .-•'
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 1, 1901— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received, here
'until 11 o'clock a. m.. May-l,»1901, and than
opened, for construction of frame hospital
quarters at Fort McDcrrell, . Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
. cept any or all bids, in whole or In part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (ln-
- eluding in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of Ameilcan
: production produced on the- Pacific Coast, to
extent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information , furnished on ap»
plication to J; M. MARSHALL;. Assistant
'Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M.' ¦ .
PROPOSALS for repairs, painting, etc., at the
United States Sub-Treasury, San : Francisco;
',Cal.— Office of the Superintendent of Repairs,
1044 Mission st.,- San Francisco; Cal., March
28, 1901. — Sealed proposals will be received at
this office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 11th
day of April, 1901, and then opened, for re-
pairs, . painting, etc.: at the above vnamed
building. Copies of the specifications 1 may be
had at this office. Superintendent of Repairs:.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlne knarriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ..-.'¦ .. '¦- ' : '- .'W.vr'jjl ¦;
Lee D. Mathias, 29, Chicago, and Lyliyn B.
Ruggles, 22, city. ' ..^¦••fr«M
Frederick : T. Bo'yd;' 37, 109 • Polk street) ?and
Adela B. Beau ford, 22, 928 Post street. '£* : : \
John J. Lang:, 34, 148 Sixth street, and Carrie
Petterson, 32, 1029 De.Haro street. • T" -"
Thomas H. James, 31, Benicia, and Carrie
May weathers, 31, Benicia,
Dana Norton, 23, 3367 Twenty-first street, and
Anna Edwards, 21, Sutter Creek. •
born.; - ; '-;_/_._'¦
HORBER— In this city; March 21, 1901, to the
wife cf R. Horber; a daughter. ;, : -
McGOWAN— In this city, March 7, 1901, to the
j wife of Charles G. McGowan, a daughter, j
QUINLAN— In this city, April 1, 1901, to the
wife of Timothy J. Qulnlan, a- daughter.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS. 1
MARRIED.
FOGE—AST— In . this city, March 31,. 1901, by
• the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Wllhelm H. Foge
and Martha OtMlle Ast. -
REAL ESTATE- — CITV— FOB! SALE.
$12,000-4 MAGNIFICENT modern flats; up-to-
date in every respect; 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; rented low at $110 per month; mortgage
$S500 at 6 per cent; $3S0O cash can handle this
proposition. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
; gomery St.. room 3. ; •"¦'"'.'
$1300— CHEAPEST home In the city: to effect
quick sale: 4. rooms and stable; well of water
' produces 1000 gallons per day; street accepted
by city; cement sidewalk;, plank- side en-
trance; part cash. Call immediately on H.
W.- ¦ DAVIS, : 415 Twcnty-nfnth, nr. Sanchez.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— Pot Sale
$1000— 8- ACRE model poultry farm; adjoins
town; nice 5-room- cottage; barn; all rich
vegetable and grain land; a snap. ' '
$3000— 120-acre model farm: near San Jose;
all under cultivation; grain and 'fruit: nice
house, barn; 100 fruit trees; only % cash.
. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., €67 Market St.
BUT in Napa County; no drouths, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops: write us for fr»e
copy "Nepa County Viticulturist." THE W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
FOR RENT— About 5 acres land, good barn", f-
story house, fnshd or not: alsojsaloon & bar-
ber shop. H. M; Le Baron. Valley Ford, Cal.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.." by Call building,
sells hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc.
Printed lists of farms and city property.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargain*^
MILL. VALLEY KEAL ESTATE.
— - ¦*-..-.-- — ~
FOR' sale at a bargain— A cottage. Iri best lo-
cation of the valley; beautiful surrounding:
ho reasonable offer refused. Apply H. KAUF-
MANrc. 318 Sacramento st. . ¦¦¦ ¦ -. . ¦ ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
2113 CLEMENT ave.— Six rooms and bath; rent
$15. Apply 1318 Larkin St., San Fran:, Cal. ;
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HOTELS.
THE PLEASANTON— A flrst-class hostelry for
those wishing to spend . a few months in
Berkeley during the summer season; rooms
en suite or single. For prices, etc.. address
The Pleasanton, 2632 Durant ave.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS'
• OAKLAND ' REAL ESTATE.
$225— LOT in Lorin; 300 feet from station on
Berkeley local, giving a half-hour : service to
San Francisco, same time to city afl from 7th
and Broadway. Oakland; this lot must be
sold. A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth St., Oakland.
jfiOOO— A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
ave.: 8 rooms and bath; modern; lot 00x125.
A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth st., Oakland. Cal.
ELEGANT corner lot, 135x100: $6500. with 1m-
provementE : modern house ; large barn, beau-
tiful flower garden : San Pablo-ave. cars pass
door: cor. 34th st. See owner on premises.
OAKLAND FURMTCRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. ¦ 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. $
DEVISADERO, 2018, cor.'. Sacramento— 3 or 1
partly furnished rooms for light housekpg.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen, bath, private, $12; also one $6.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny -"bay-window
eulte, 3 rooms; gas range; running water.
HOWARD, 917— 2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10; housekeeping.
LINDEN ave., 324. near Gough st.— Large front
sunny- room, use of kitchen, for man and
wife. ¦ - • ¦ ¦ '
MOSS, 36, off Howard, near Seventh— Three
sunny housekeeping rooms. .\ ¦¦ ' .
OAK, 123—3 furnished rooms for housekeeping..
SECOND, 212— Furnished for housekeeping;
clean, respectable anfl reasonable. i
SHOT WELL, 211— Furnished flat; 2 or 3 rooms
furnished for housekeeping : ¦
SIXTH, 242— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable,
STEVENSON, 537%— 2 furnislied light house-
. keeping rooms, $10. month; single, $3 50.
STOCKTON, 607— Elegantly furnished * floor of
4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
TEHAMA. 707— Three * connecting ' furnished'
housekeeping rooms; also single. " ¦ . . -
TURK. 613—2 sunny furnished . housekeeping
rooms, $10; also unfurnished rooms. :.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. And IJnfnrn.
ARGYLE, The— Ready for occupancy; Just
what you have been waiting for; most ele-
gantly furnished rooming-house in the city;
parties with references invited to Inspect; all
the latest Improvements. ; McAllister St.,
corner Larkin, rooms shown in the evening.
~~ ROOMS "' TO LET. ; ~~
A— For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with " or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny st.. tel. 2334 Red. '
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BIRCH ave., 617%— 3 unfurnished rooms to
let; $8. , • , ¦..-,¦-.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1327— Sunny single and double
housekeeping rooms to let; from $6 up.
EDDY. 872— Beautiful suite, $25; others grandly
furnished; rms. must be seen to be appreciated
ELLIS, 18— Nicely furnished sunny suites; also
single rooms; by the day,' week or month;
bath and phone. •
FILBERT. 121*— Large front room: closet; fine
location: garden; half-block Hyde-st. cable-
cars; furnished or unfurnished.
$1 WEEK: large sunny furnished room, closet,
bath; private; call by 8 p. m. 834 Folsom. '.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, - en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
IVY ave., 217, near Hayes and Franklin — Pleas-
ant two-window furnished front room; pri-
vate; $4 SO.
MARKET, 1049A (The Robinson)— Furnished
suites or single; reasonable. Tel. Howard 108.
MARKET, 1055, opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, single or. double: bath. ;
MINNA, 262. near Fourth— Fcr rent, ¦ nice fur-
nished front parlor, also small room, by pri-
vate family. ¦ '¦ # '
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 661, near Second— Large front room;
. suitable for two gentlemen, '
MOSS, 24%, near Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms;
good yard and water; rent $9. . '.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a. day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; ' elec lights; day, wk., mo. ,
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room; smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor;. rooms, per night, 35c to $160; week, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooma. with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE- House, 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 26c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St., nr.
Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121— Furnished front room; bath;
$3 50 month. . • ¦ -, ¦ "
SUTTER, 717, nr. TaylT— Very choice for busi-
ness or home; reasonable; please Investigate.
.VAN NESS, 930 ...........;....
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
¦ all south rooms; references.
VAN NESS ave., 1000— A large sunny alcove
for 2 gentlemen or couple ; other front rooms.
RO<S MS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, '. opp. i Grace
Church, with annex 807" California st. may
be found a most exceptionally good table,- at-
tractive and slrhtly rooms at modest rates.
.. SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery Bt.. 1 rooms 9-19: teL . 6580. '
MATERNITY HOSPITAL. 937 Market St.— La-
dles during confinement w. 10 days' c«re,,$20.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought.' sold, rented,- exchanged, re-.
: paired: open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold.' rented, repaired; .: needles •' and '¦
shuttles: reduceu rater; 145 6th; phone Mints.
, SHOW ; CARDS AWD POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MOND, 1179 Marketer; 103, phone Folsom 1569.'
KEAL, ESTATE— CITV FOR SAI>I3.
O. H. .UMBSEN & CO U Monteomery^BtT
Auction!
Auction !
Auction!
Auction!
Auction!
..- . Auction!
At Our Salesroom, : MONDAY, April S, 1301,
at 13 O'clock Noon.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1904 DcvlEadero et.. east line, near - Fine;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and. bath; lot
27:6x100; subject to confirmation by. the court.
PACIFIC STREET INVESTMENT.
€21 Pacific St., near Kearny st. and Mont-
gomery ave.; substantial brick building, con-
taining store and 22 rooms, occupied as a ho-
t«l; rent $70 per. month; lot 23x137:6.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
534-528 Washington St.. corner of Jones alley,
between Montgomery and Sansome sts.; 2 sub-
stantial 3-story brick buildings; rents fl80 per
month; lot 37:9x80. • . -
CALIFORNIA STREET INVESTMENT.
1508 California St., north line, near Larkin;
modern two-story house of 9 rooms and bath ;
rent $J0 per month; can be easily converted
Into flats at small outlay; cash above mort-
gage of $6600; lot 23xS7.
CHOICE CORNER INVESTMENT.
340 to 330 Thirteenth St., corner Stevenson,
between Valencia and Mission; 6 desirable
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and' bath each; rents
$85 per month, which are low; both streets ac-
cepted; lot 37:6x80.- . -.
REFEREE SALE. -
NW. corner Bryant and Harriet sts., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh; Improvements con-
sist of store and 4 dwellings; lot 75x75.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
27. 29, SI and 23 Shipley St.. oft Fourth, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison;' Improvements
consist of three-story building containing six
tenements; rents f35 per month; lot 41:2x69;
subject to confirmation' by the court.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
27, 29 and 31 Morris ave., between Harrison
and Bryant, Fifth and Sixth; improvements
consist of 7 flats of 3 and 4 rooms each; rents
$64 per month; lot 50x80; subject to confirma-
tion by the court.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
128 Henry st,, north line, between Noe and
Castro; Fourteenth and Fifteenth; cottage of
6 rooms and stable; street work done; lot 26
XllS.
BHOTWELL STREET COTTAGES.
S13-815 Shotwell st, between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth: 2 cottages of 5 and 6 rooms
each, as a whole or separately; lot- 23x122:6
each. •
VALLEJO STREET BUILDING LOTS.
Vallejo st., south line, between Leavenworth
and Hyde; 6 choice lots suitable for resi-
dences or flats; street work done and accepted
by the city; lots 27:6x137:6 each; terms, one-
fourth cash, balance In one or two years at
7 per cent per annum.
CHURCH STREET BUILDING LOT.
Church St.. west line, near Twenty-sixth;
choice, level building lot; 29x80; must be sold.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS
FOR SALE BY
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
J11.500— Lagruna 6t., near Golden Gate ave.; lot
30x87:6; three fiats; rent $95. •
$20,000— Seventh Bt.. near Mission; 100-feet front-
age; rents $123; near new Postofflce.
$7000— Rents $86; lot 50x75; store and flats on
Rltch Et.
$3500— Russ st., near Howard; lot 30x100; large
house. i
$13,000— Lot 25x75; store and lodging-house; one-
half block from Fifth and Market sts.
$3000 — Twenty-fourth 8t., near Sanchez; lot 25K
114; two flats; must be sold.
$5500— Rents $54; Guerrero St.; business prop-
erty, stores and fiats; lot 37x87.
$12,500— Howard-st. business corner; rents $90;
etore and flats.
SS250— Seventeenth-st. business corner, store
and flats; rents J70.
$1750— Dolores St.; nice cottage; lot 25x100.
51750— Church st.; big bargain; house 8 rooms
and bath.
$6000— Washington st.: 2-story brick building;
| rear Hall of Justice. !
$45,000— Sutter St.: downtown; rents $210; busi-
ness property. .
$11,500— Rents $120; business corner on Wash-
ington st.; brick building.
$9500— Rents $80; Sacramento st.; nice location;
lot 35x137:6; • five flats.
$4200— Rents $57 50; best bargain yet; corner
Etore and dw^llmg; downtown location;
Sacramento st.
$950— Cottage of 4 rooms, near Hyde and
Union sts.
$5750— Rents $45; Pine St., near ' Taylor; fine
location for flats.
$17,500— Four large, downtown flats; rents $140
per month; extra large lot; Powell st.
$16,500— Rents $150; lot 51x137:6; Montgomery St.,
near Jackson; large 3-story brick build-
ing.
$32,500— Lot 50x87:6; McAllister St.. opp. City
Hall; frame lmurovements.
$65CO— Rents $62 50; very cheap; three flats;
near Larkin and Washington Ets.
$10,000— Rents $120; near Jackson and Kearny
ets.; three-story brick.
$2800— Jones St., near Union; marine view;
house 6 rooms ar.d bath.
$19,000— Rents $177 50; three new flats; Cali-
fornia and Jones sts.
$12,000— Bush 8t., near Powell; 4-story and base-
ment; pays well. . . - ¦'
$5000— Pierce st.. near Halght; nice two : story
- house, 7 rooms and bath. - -..* -
$8500— Marine view residence: VfUleJo St., near
Buchanan; lot 40x137:6.
$4000— Broderick st., near Washington; cot-
tage, 6 rooms and bath.
$15,000— Rents $110; Sacramento st., near De-
visadero; lot 55x127:8%.
$20,000 — Sutter-st. corner; 5 houses; rents $150;
must be sold to close an estate; large
lot.
$14,000— Rents $110; elegant new flats, opposite
Alta plaza: Scott st.
$8500— McAllister St., near Laguna; rents $85;
lot 27:6x120, to rear street.
$5500— Lyon st., near Hayes; three flats; rents
' "', f W.
$14,500— Thr<« flats, Hayes st.; lot 33x137:6;
rents $100.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SPECIAL.
Rents $1230 per annum; 3 elegant, new, sub-
stantially built flats, with every convenience;
on Jackson, between Larkin and Polk; con-
taining 7 and 8 rooms and bath each; lot 23x
127:S>4; owner must sell; going to Europe; a
perfectly safe investment. ASKING $13,500.
SUNSET LOTS.
OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE. •
On the H-st. electric cars and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nineteenth-
ave. boulevard.
Lots and streets on official grades; macad-
amized; plank sidewalks, gas and water ser-
vice. Money advanced for building purposes.
' Call at once at our branch office, open
week days, Sundays and holidays, cor-
ner H st. and Ninth ave.,' south of
Golden Gate Park, and ask' to be shown
these beautiful lots. Full particulars
and price lists at our office.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
i I iur TUC a
• ¦i.in.L luL I
j WHIRLWIND j
O) ... '.O
» You goon tho «;
i CALIFORNIA 3
-LIMITED B
o but you ride gently ©
° as the breeze ¦ %
0 San Francisco »
I. Chicago . ' 3
1 In 75 hours I
¦> on the . *
o . .¦ o(
° ¦ ' '¦£*¦••¦¦¦; -'¦ -' ' *' _j
QANTA EC I
% unli I n I L g
o o
o Leaves San Francisco »
o at 9.OO a. m. daily: t
o «
CALIF0RHI1 NORTHWESTERS RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COM PAN V.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San. Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33. J:30.
! 6:10,' 6:30 p. m.'. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11 UO
. p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. U:00 a. m.; 1:30. J:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m. ¦ ¦
San Rafael to San Franclsc*. .- .
WEEK DAY&-«:10< 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:w
and 6 "35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, ll:10.a. m.; 1:40, 8:*0,
6*05 ¦ 6:25 p. m. i
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
game schedule as above. ¦ - ;
Leave j ta~Effect J Arrive !
San Francisco. |Nov. 7. 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I- Sun- I - I Sun- 'I Week
Days. : I days. | Deatlnatlon. { days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
'7-30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburs,
Lytton,
Geyserville, '
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloyerdale. 7:35 pm «:22pg»
7:30 am j 8:00 amj anWidah. 1 7:35 pmj 6:» pm
7-30 am • 10:25 am
.' - 8:00 am .Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm ¦ •¦•¦ 6:22 pm
7-30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
¦ ¦ '..-..¦ - and ¦.
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen. Ellen. 6:05 pm »:22pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami . 110:40 am!10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm[ 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for MarkWest
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton tor Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
SDrings- at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
SDrings, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierlev's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Willetts, Laytonvtlle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets, to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates, i
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
tor. R. X. RYAN,
H. C WHITING. . Gen. Pass. Agt.
. *v General Manager. • ¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing September 30, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAJLLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55, •JOS, 11:00 a. m., n:45.
J:15, 4:00. 5:16. *fi:15. 6:40 p.m. ...
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
.SUNDAYS— *8:00. . *1Q:00,- »ll:30 a. m., »1:15, ,
3:15, »4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p.m.- .' ¦¦ - ' .'
¦ Trains marked (•) run to San Quratin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
TVEEK DAYS— 5'20, 'B:^ 7:45, 9:30 a. m..
•12:30, 1:45, '3:30, 4:30, 5:20 v- m.
' KXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20, *8:00. »10:00. »U:4J a. m..
•1:40. •2:15.' 4:43, •€:») p. m. - •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln; .-
FROM MnX VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
--WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55./ »:30 a. m.,
12:35, 2:10, 3:30, 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA ' TRIPS ¦ on Mondays, ' Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. ¦
- SUNDAYS— 8:03,- 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15, «:30,
5:00. 6:45 p. m. : - ¦ ¦
- THROUGH TRAINS. ."
- 6:65 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.. .' ¦ • ,
1:45 -p. m. Saturdays — Tomales and . way
stations. ¦ #
8 a. rn. Sundayi •- Tomales . and way sta-
tions. ¦ ,\ . . ¦ • ' '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ '.7 Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St
lv. «'K mix, , - ' - _n.«»Nr-»i».
9:15 a. M.S - wis-B-R- TiA-VR f 8:00 p. M.
1:45 P. Jfc V— r - WEEK DAYS___ .J fl:25 p M
4.00 p. m.) Stay over nightat the tavern (, 10:35 a.m.
8K»A.M."J ' . f l.KWP.M.
I0.-0OA.M. I ' BTT*T>AV«? J '•'WP.Jf.
U:30 a. v. f " BUSDAYS ._ < 455 P . M .
1:15P.M.J' — " •¦ I 5:55 P.M.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.40. ¦
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Sausalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABNT ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lo«t Manhood. Debility or
dbwase wearinron body and mind _na
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
€arf»Knarantffd. Call or write.
Dr. J« g. OIBBOar. H*a Frandaco. Cal
Weekly Call, • $1 per Year
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«n-« nail are «ln«> !• nrrlf* mt
¦ -MAN FK.4N«:i*«!O.
(Main Line. Foot ot Market Street.)
lxati . From March 31, 1901. — a it bits
7:80a Benicia, Suiaun, Elmira, VacatiHe,
Bnmsey and Sacramento 7t33p
7>3Oa D»tIs. Woodland. Knighta Lauding.
. . Marysmlle, Orowlils.. TiS.ip
T>3Oa Atlantic Kzpreu— Ogden and East 12:33?
SsOWa. Martinez, San Uainnu. Vallejo, N»pa,
CaUstoga aud Saute Rom 0:23p
8:00a Lfrermore, Stockton, Hanford; VLss.-
lia, Forterrille 4r23*
8:0Oa Nilt-8, lathrop. Merced. Fresno, Ba-
kersfleld 4:O9r •
S:8O_> Shasta Eiprew— Datis, William* (for .'. . v
Bartlett Springs), Willows, Bed
Blufl. Portland. 7t93r
lillDi San Juie, Lltennore. Stockton,
' . lone. Stcimieuso. R»eet»lUe,
HwysTllle, Chieo. Ke.l UiuS A i«3 r
MiSOA Oakdulf , Chinese, houora, Cwten... 4:23 p
S:«Oa Haywards, Nilni and War Stations. I 1:33a
V;OOa Los . Aogeles • Exvresi — M.rtlne_. . .. .-.; ' ,
Tracy, L-tlirop. Sioektoo. Hercod
Vreuio aud Los Aaseles 7i33a
»>:IOa Vallujo, M-rtiu«z mitt VV.jr Station* SiDSf
1«:OOa The Overlaud Liraited— Ogden, Den-
rer, Omaha. Chicago «i33f
tl:OOp Sacramento Klier Sta.»m«rn.. \HiOn\.
«:30p Harwarda. Nile* and Way Stations. 7:33p
3:3»p Port Cost*. MarUno. Byron. Stock-
. ton, Lodi 1O.33a
4i*0r Briiicl*. Winters, baeramtnto.
Woodland, ICuiiilita Landing,
Mnrjufille, Orovllle IOl33i
. 4iOOr Martiuex, Kan lUioon, Vallejo.
Najia. <.'»1U ton*. Santa lto«» B'*3l
4i00p Nlles, lArmaoTc, Stockton. Lodl.
Merced, Frajno ?•-.. 7:23p
•itltor Haywaitfs, Niie»,.San.Ji)»e,Liverraor8 fS:35A
5:OOp Tiio Owl Llraltod-Traej, Stockton,
Fresno. BakenQeli]. Haugus for
¦ - - -¦ Sa»t-> Barbara. Loa Angeles ...... 9:334
4iO«p BaywarOa, NHea and Hau Jose ?>3.1*
jVlOOr Vallojo..... llt!)3« .
#rOi»r Oriental Mail-OgJen, Cheyenne.
Omabs, Chlctffo I2:21p
BiOOp Oriental ' Mail— Ogden, Denver.
Oraab», Chicago. 4xS3p
TtOOp Oregon and California Kiprrwr. S»o-
ntiueiitii, MarjsTlIle, Uvittlhif,
1'ortlniKl, 1'ilgek Hound ami Hast IiSSa
•lO.lrSan Pablo. Port Costs Mutiaej
and Way KUtioui 1 11.M4
tSlO5p ValUjo 7l3ar
COAST IiUTE (Sarretr «--*•).
' (Footot MirketStraet.)
tl>l3ANenark.UeiiterTitle.8au.lose.» r eltoti,- • -
. Boul(lerCreek..Mauta.OruzaudT/ay .
Stations •ia»»
fai l.ir Newark, CanterTlUe, San Joie. Now ij »
Alraaden, Felt?u, Jtonlder Creek,
Santa Cruz ami Principal Waj
Stations - tl«»'T»-
4il3p Newark, San .Toa«. I,o« Gatoa ... Si.TW*
a»:3Op Hnntera' Kzsarsion, Saa Joeo and
Wsy Stations .¦ tTiaOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSlI fHillOlSCO— f«t *f M»r.*t Street <Slip 81—
t7:lS 9:00 11:00».M. 1:33 3:09 8:lSr.H.
rr»moiii»«D— r<»t«r.r»i«tr.— t«:oo i.:oo ts^t
10:00«.«. 12.03 g:OJ 1:03 r.M.
COAST IjIXE (Uron.l »«-)(•).
ffhlnl and Townaenil Sta.)
t«:IO A Ocean View, Month Man Frandsco. . 1««»»P
7:«Oa Han Jose ami Way SUtlnns li.i'»p
/7>««_ Nenr Alni.ilcn.... / 1:3»I
»:«Oa Coast line limited, San Joi«, Gilror.
'-. , . BaUuas, Ifaao Uobles. San Luis "•
Obispo, Lompoc, Sant» ¦ Birb «»,
LosAngeles l(H4Sr
BiSOa Han Jose. Tres Pino*. Hmita <'nnr,
Padlic (!ro»» ami Principal lutar-
• - mediate HUtinna T>3*»
lltaOA Han .lose -ml Way SUtlons 8i3»F
ta:13rSan Mateo, ltedwoo.1. Msnlo Park.
P»lo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lone,
Tres Pino.i. .Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami l'aeine Orcvre f|O:45%
flltSiir Saa Joae and Way Stations «:3«A
Hif.tr 8an Jomaml Principal Way Stations U: 12a
jri: 13 p Sunset IJmited— El Paso, New Or-
leans atd East « lOilVi
f3:OOpSan Jose. Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations fOsOSa
5s:t0p San.T'.if and Principal Way Stations *::t«A
«:3«p»an.Tfla-an<l W»y Stations t»:O«A
7i««? New Orleans Express, San Josei, ;;;•'-'
S%nt» Bubars. Los Angeles, Dm- _ - _ ,
Injt. EJ Pa««, Xew Orleans tndEvst T:OOA
7i«Op Del Monte. Monterey. Padflc Grom
¦ 0 Loajpoc ... .......... l°:«r
<UIM3-S.n J(^»n.t Way SUtt.ms 7:30P
A for Mnruing. 1* for Afternoon 1 ,
t Similar axcepted. t only.
g Wednestlayi. /Tuesdays and Fridays.
c Snnd^ys. 4 Saturday only.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
. . l«ave Market-Street rerry Depot.
-¦ Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Dally. Daily. DaUy.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .'. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford.. 4:23 p 1:27 p 7:0« a
••' Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
•• Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p- 5:05 a
" Bksfleld.. 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
•• . Kan. City 2:41a 7:S0 a
¦ " Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a tor morninsr. p for afternoon.,,
9:00 a. m. train is the California' Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeplne Cars and Dining
Cars throush to Chicago. . Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class . passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:£3 p. m. dally.
4:29 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
3:00 P. m. la the Overland Express, with
through Palac« and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cnts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily;
' 7:20 a. rn. U Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. to. dally.
Offices— «1 Market atreet and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land. - -.•¦¦¦¦-¦¦--
DK. WOKS. WOO TEA AND HESB SA5ITABXT7X.
781-768 CLAT STBSET.
J- ; gan Francisco, Dec 24. ' 1900.
. <¦;¦> To all whom it may concern:
In December. 1399. I was takea
sick with Black Typhoid Fever,
the most virulent type known
'. to medical science. I had hem-
. orrhages, both nasal and lntes-
_• tlnaj, eight of the latter oceur-
Y lne. in one day. ¦ Dc. Won*
* 'Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
sician, was called, and with one dose of h!«
tea stopped the flow of blood, thereby savin*
my life, as I had been given up by my whit*
physician, as well as by all my friends. Wu
unconscious four weeks, but by Dr. Won? "Woo'a
wonderful skill he saved my life from this moat
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume ray
vocation In six months from the time I went to
bed. and now I wslgh 202 pounds, more than I
had. ever attained previously. I would cheer-
fully recommend Dr. "Wong "Woo to any one In
need of a nrst-rhiss physician for any cans*
whatsoever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 315 Goldea
Gate ave.. San Francisco. Cal. ,
— — — - — : — ¦ — — —
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THZ
great Mexican remedy; rVrea health an-i
¦ strength to sexual organs. Depot. S23 Market.
(ETFriends • and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment National Cemetery, Santa Monica. Cal.
QUINN— In the City and County Hospital,
April 2, 1901, Ellen Qulnn, a native of Ire-
land, aged 49 years. : <
RANDOLPH— In Oakland, April 2. 190L Wil-
liam C, beloved husband of Sophie. Ran-
' dolph, and father of Gertrude G. Randolph;
a native of Vallejo," Cal., aged 37 years 1
month and 23 days. . -
(CNotice of funeral hereafter. •• v* •: •
REBMANN— In South San Francisco, April t,
1901, Mary Rebmann, beloved wife of the
late August ' Rebmann, and dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. William Harney, a native of
County Meath, Ireland. -'. :¦•¦'¦ •'...'
REININGHAUS— In this city. April 2,- 1901,
. Regard Reininghaus, beloved father of < John
Reininghaus and Mrs., Wllhelmlna Woods
and Mrs. Rudolph Grosse, a native of Prus-
sia, aged 72, years and 21 days. ¦ ..
RIORDAN— In this city, April — , 1901, Mary
Ann Riordan, aged 81 years/
E_PFunaral notice : hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of JV S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery
avenue. • •¦ ' » ••¦ "¦¦' ' -^"
ROCHE— In this city, April 2, 1901, Richard J.,
beloved son of Harriet and the late Richard
J. Roche,, and brother of Margaret Eliza-
beth, Agnes and Kathleen Roche, a native of
' County TIpperaryj Ireland, aged 24 years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
RUEGER— In Benicia,. Caf., April 2, 1901,: John,
beloved husband of Anna Elizabeth Rueger.
a native of Switzerland, aged 84 years 2
' months and 23 days, i « :
¦ inarFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall.
STANTON— In thia city. April -2. 1901, Ellen
Irene, beloved wife of Frank " J. Stanton, " a
.' native of San Francisco, aged 31 years.
EJTThe funeral " will take . place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ donee, ¦ 1745 Buchanan -. street, thence to St.
Dominic'- - Church "for services. Interment
. private, in Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.-
•WEILBYE— In this city, April 2, 190L Julie
Amalie Weilbye, beloved daughter of Mr.
. - and Mrs. - E. Weilbye, and sister of Inge-
borg and Kdvlne ¦ Weilbye, i a native of San
Francisco, aged 2 years and 8 months.
WELCH— In this city, April 2, 1901, Catherine
Ann Theresa,'- beloved daughter of Margaret
and the late Michael Welch, and sister of
' John, James, Gallagher, Frances and Sarah
Welch, a native of San Francisco. Cal.
¦ __T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, • 209 : Thirtieth,- street' Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. . ,
• WM.E. FOLET, Fin. • Secretary.
McINTYRE— In this city, April 2. 1901, Daniel
Mclntyre. a native of Prince Edward Island,
ased 79 years. '. '1" . -,
Cr Remains at parlors of Carew & Eng-
lish, 44 Van Ness avenue. Notice of funeral
thereafter. ¦ ;¦• ' . • \-
MADDEN— At his residence, 736 -Treat avenue,
in this city, John, beloved husband of Cath-
I erlne Madden, I beloved father of Thomas ¦ W.
and John J. Madden and Mrs. A. Knight and
Mrs. E.' L. Wright, and grandfather " of
Henry Thomas,- a native of England, aged
70 years 2 months and 6 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, thence to St. Peter's Church. Ala-
bama street, . between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty- tit th streets,, where a requiem high
mass. will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemtery. v - A ¦
MAHONEY— In- this city, April 1, 1901. WH-
•liam, beloved father of William Mahoney
Jr., a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
67. years. '• ¦ • .
£~*Remains at ; funeral parlors of James
McMenomy & Son. 1057 Mission street, near
Seventh. Notice of funeral hereafter.
MALETON— in Agnews, Cal., April 2, 1901,
Edward, beloved husband of Caroline Male-
ton. «nd father of Charles, Edward, Evelyn
- ahd -¦ Grace' Maleton and Mrs. . -Ada Bradley
¦-'and/ Mrs. Dora Kunze; a native -of Frankfort.,
.; Germany. ..aged -67 years 8 months and 15
..'days.t^.r,-, "if- ¦-•';?
MARTENS— In Berkeley, April 1, 1901, Marcus,
I j beldVed I husband - of Anna Martens, and
' / father 'of -Herman. Carl and Martha ¦ Mar-
¦ ' tens, ¦ a. ; native of Hol-teln, Germany, . aged
'62 years r month and 20-days. . .-¦*-¦ ¦
'>"'. -lt_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 12 o'clock, at his
late residence, 2328 Fulton street Berkeley.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery, San Fran-
' Cisco. . " . i- ; . • ', .
MOORE— In London, England, March 31, 1901,
Joseph' Moore (formerly of San Francisco), a
native of Scotland, aged 72 years.
NICOL— In this city, April ! 2. 1901, Susan .M.
. Gamble, •: beloved ¦ wife of James Nicol. and
.sister of Mrs. Robina Sprasue, Mrs. Jennie
Brown, Mrt. Lottie Graunlau and Harry,
William and Charles Gamble, a native of
Rochester, N. Y.,': aged 32 . years 10 , months
and 5 daya. • . . - . '
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resl-
"dence,» 9- Seymour avenue."* Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. . .' .. ¦ '
OLNEY— In this city, April 2, 1901, Emma
Olney, beloved mother of Mrs. John A. Rich-,
ardson of San Francisco, Mrs. Lydia Block-
lock and Mrs. Edith Woods of New Zealand,
a native of England, aged 70 years and 15
days. . . '...-. .- ,.¦- . • • ..'. ..¦¦-„ -..-;..
PRINDLE— In this city, March 31, 1901, Harri-
son, beloved husband of Phoebe A. Prindle,
and brother of F. C. Prindle, United States
navy, a native- of Vermont, aged 61 years 6
months and 12 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the ; funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock. : from her late
residence.: 1334 Twelfth avenue. Sunset Dis-
trict, thence to St. ¦ Agnes Church, Masonic
avemie. where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. com-
l mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
. vary Cemetery. .. ' ;
HATTON— In Carnegie, Pa.', February 6, 1901,
Thomas H. Hatton* father of Mrs. Annie
Schumacher of . this city, a native of Eng-
land, aged 66 years.
HAYNES-In Tacoraa, Wash., March 26. 1901.
Benjamin W. Haynes Jr., son of Benjamlr
Haynes, a native of California, aged 30
(CTFrtenda and acquaintances are • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-niorrow
(Thursday), - at . 12:15 o'clock, from Pioneer
Hall, Fourth street, ¦ near Market. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. .-' • .
LANNON— In this city, April 1. 1301. George
T., beloved son of P. W. and Margaret Lan-
non, and brother of William. Joseph, Harry
and' Bessie Lannon, a native - of Madison,
Wis.. aged 26 years 10 months and 22 days.
-CTFriend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully • invited to I attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock,- from his late
rasidence, 2130 O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Dominic's • Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing. at. 10 o'clock.'. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. * .
COURT INDEPENDENCE No. 104, Foresters
of America,— The officers and ( members of
the above named court are requested to at-
'tend the funeral of Brother George T. Lan-
non. from his: late residence, 2130 O'Farrell
street, this day (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock.
ALFRED FTJHRM AN, • Chief Ranger.
and beloved child of : Geor F. . and TVilrema
Congor, a native of Lake County,. Cal.. aged
, 13 years 6 months and 20 days. - ; •
CONNOLLY— In the City and County Hospital.
April 2. 190L Frank Connolly, a native of
Ireland, aged 82 years. -.-¦_ \ '; •"•
DIAZ— In this' city,: April t, 1901, Gertrude
Diai, dearly beloved daughter; of Peter and
Adela 1 Diax, and Bister of Oscar and Edel-
. mira Diaz, aged 9 years 11 months and 15
days. ... -•- •¦ .¦.:¦¦¦'. r
FARNSWORTH— In this city, April 2. 190J*
\ Frederick E. Farnswprth,, a native of Call-
fornla, aged 22 years and 10 months. ,
FEENEY-In -this city, ' Sister Ma"ry i Eunice,
beloved daughter of Mr. John and the late
Mrs.' Feeney., and sister of James. . Charlotte,
John L. and Annabelle ¦ G. Feeney and Mrs.
. Eugene Machabee of San Francisco.
CTFriends and acquaintances are «?P« ct :
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday). • at 3 o'clock, from Convent of
¦¦. Our Lady of Sacred Heart. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
GRENNAN— In this "city, April 1. 1901. Lillie
E., beloved wife of . Joseph F. Grennan, and
mother of Ruth E. and Joseph T. Grennan,
and daughter of J.v B. Turner of _ Antioch.
Cal., a native of Antioch. Cal.; aged 2o years
ALL Genuine Bargains In This List.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
$1400— A cozy he me; only >* cash.
$1600— Four small fiats; all rented for $S0;
H cash.
$2350— Two splendid flats; rented $23; near
Sixth.
$2500— Nice 7-room bcuse; Capp *t; mortgage
$1MO. •
$7000— Leavenworth st: two modern 7-room
flats; lot 30x137:6 feet: a barcnln.
$7750— Splendid Investment; nea' Van Ness
ave.; rents $81; all rented. !>*¦«• *,
$12,600— Leavenworth st; rents $105; ret 65-
foot front.
$14.000— Three elegant flats; rents $150; all
rented: % cash: must sell.
$15,000— Sansome st: 46-foot front;, rents $S0.
$16,000— Ellis St.. with good improvements;
lot C2xl37 feet: near Franklin St. ,
$18.000— Howard st: downtown: fine 4-story
and basement building; rents $125.
$15.600—Cheap at $22,000; 8 modern fiats;
rents $170.
$28,000— Business property of 4 stores and 8
flats; rents f2jp.
$30,000— Mission et, north side; 45-foot front:
must sell; east of Flret st.
$40.000— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:»xl37.C;
rents $240. " - .
» *55.0OO— Grand corner: 60-foot fsont: few
blocks from Orpheum: pays 6 per cent net -
$75.000— Grand corner; 60-foot front; within
block of Tivoli: old improvements; rents $400.
$140,000— Mlsslon-st corner, close to water
front; fine brick building; 1 tenant; rent about
$S00: lot 100x123 feet
Other bargains. '. ", '-.¦'¦'¦¦"¦ : \
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ASPDEN— In this city, "April. 2, - 1901, Frances
J., beloved wife of George -H. Aspden, and
mother of Elizabeth P. Aspden, and daughter
of J. P. Brown, and sister of Willis M.
Brown, , a native of Camptonvllle, Cal, aged
35 years 3 month and 16 days. „ .
. {CT'Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her
' late residence, 1808 Fillmore street, near Sut-
ter. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by
electric car from Eighteenth and . Guerrero
streets. :¦ . . ¦ '. '¦¦'.'¦
AVERT— In Alameda, April 2, 1901, Dean R.
Avery, a native of Connecticut, aged 67 years
4 months and 7 days.- \i ¦ ¦ « - . :
CTFrlends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from late resi-
dence, 2021 San Antonio avenue, Alameda.
I O. O. F. services will; be held at chapel,'
I O. O. F. Cemetery, at 3:30 O'clock, under
auspices of Apollo Lodge No. 123,; I. O. O.
F. Please omit flowers. • .
BATSELLE— In the City and County Hospital,
April - 2, 1901, Basile Batselle, ¦ a : native of
France, aged 44 years. ¦ •' ,
/BERGSTRAND— In this [ city, April 1, 1901,
Josle Nathalia, beloved daughter of John A.
' and Ida Bergstrand, and sister of Magnhild
C. and Alice G. Bergstrand, a native of San
; Francisco, Cal., aged 6 years 4 months and
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Thursday), at ' 9:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 415 L street. Sunset District. In-
terment Cypress. Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
BRODRICK— In this city, April 2, 1901, John
i T beloved husband of Julia Brodrick, a na-
'" tive of Massachusetts, aged 48 years and 25
"days. (Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
ay Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral Friday,
April 5, at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
229 Jersey street, thence to the hall of Unity
Lodge No. 131, I.. O. O. F.. corner of Valen-
cia and Sixteenth streets, where services will
be held at 2 o'clock share. Interment Cy-
press Lawn ' Cemetery by carriage.
BKOWN-In this city, March 31. 1901, Lewis
Brown, beloved father of Mrs. B. Sheideman.
Mra. Phil litppitt and ' Ralph and Abe Brown
and Mrs. Godfrey • Fisher, aged 71 years 11
months and 17 days. .
(tSTThe funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at the
synagogue of the Con~regation Sherith Is-
r£eC*corner Post and Taylor streets. Inter-
ment Hill of Eternity Cemetery by, special
train leaving Third and Townsend streets,
at 12 o'clock. Pleasej omit flowers.
OFFICERS . and . members of : Congregation
Sherith Israel are hereby notified that . the
obsequies over our late President. Mr. Lewis
Brown will be ¦ held at the synagogue this
day (Wednesday), at 10 -_ o'clock. 'The
funeral will thence proceed by special train
to Hills of Eternity Cemetery. Timely at-
tendance Is "respectfully requested.
- CHARLES HARRIS, Vice President.
-ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
COLLINS— in this city, April _y 1901, John
Joseph, beloved son of John T. and •Emma
Collins, a native of San; Francisco, aged 19
CONGOR— In Oakland, April 2 - 1901. at '- 2
\ o'clock a- m., Georgia Antony- Congor,- only
DIED. " '
1 ' ¦
Aspden, Frances J. > *."; Madden, John
Avery, Dean R. . Mahoney, William
Batselle, Baslle Maleton, Edward
Bergstrand, Josie N. Martens, Marcus •
Brodrick, John T. Moore, Joseph
Brown, Lewis Nicol, Susan M. G.
Collins. John J. Olney, Emma
Congor, Georgia A. . . Prindle, Harrison
Connolly, Frank . Quinn, Ellen .
Diaz, Gertrude . Randolph, William C.
Farnsworth,. Fred- Rebmann, Mary .
erick E. Reinlnghaus, Regard
Feeney, Sister Mary • Riordan. Mary Ann '
¦ Eunice Roche, Richard J.
Grennan. Lillie E. Rueeer, John .
Hatton. Thomas H. Stanton, Ellen I.
Haynes, Benjamin W. Weilbye, Julie A.
Lannon, George T. ¦ Welch, Catherine A T.
Mclntyre, Daniel ' - ¦
FCNEBAX. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth ••t, oppo»lte Lincoln School. -
¦ v Telephone Bouth SO. .'.'. '-,
(Successor to FUnnagan & Gallagher.) 4
* DANIEL P. - DONOVAN. ¦ M«r. -
HENRY J, GALLAGHER ,'CO.
Eugene McGinn. .* :„ McGINN BROS.
" Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
. •• 21 EDDY STBEIT. ;,..\iV.
Telephone South 252.:. •-•:: San Francisco.
M No Connection With Any Other House.
$2750— DOUBLE 2-story house, 6 rooms each;
rents $24; always rente.; lot 30x80; near Fifth
and Harrison sts. McEWEN BROS.. 118
Montgomery st. • •¦-:•¦..•> ...
1100— Church, nr. Eighteenth 27 XlOO
Iftoo — Devisadero. nr. Waller 25 X123
lSOO^-Folsom, ur. Seventeenth 23 xl22:6
900— Twenty-eighth, nr. Guerrero 25:8x114
1400— Cor. California and 12th ave.. ..32:6x100
S50— California, nr. -Eighth ave ..25'xl20
1500— Coll ingwood. nr. Eighteenth 53 xlO5 '
600— Blake, nr. Point Lobos 25 xlOO "
1000— Second ave., nr. California. 25 xlOO
12C0— Twenty-second, nr Castro........25 xll4
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
41 and 42 Chronicle ) Bldg.
CHEAP LOTS. '
$2200— McAllister, nr. Baker: ..25 xl37:6
2000 Waller, nr. Belvedere.' ...25 xlO8 '
$1.300— Cottage, 4 rooms and bath:. large base-
ment; nr. Valencia and Mission st car
house; rents $10 per month; 1-3 cash.
$3.750— Manufacturing center; Natoma, nr. 1st:
25x80; partly improved; rents ' $25 per
month. . ... •¦¦
$2,£J0— Downtown Investment: Harriet st, nr.
Bryant; 2 flats, 5 and. 8 rooms; rent
$2« per month. . ...
$3,7C-©-Cheap Western Addition flats; lot 37:6x
120 to rear street; 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms,
and 4-room cottage; rents $45 per mo.
$27,500— SIxth-st. investment: 75x90: 4 stores
and 8 flats; renU $250 per month.
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
i Real Estate Brokers.
41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
THE Microbar.e Medical Co., removed to 411
Gears' ft., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falllnc hair and dan-
druff: Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases;
we elso remove superfluous hair; call and eee
us. Mlcrobane Mttllcal Co.. 411 Geary st.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: T5; valuable information for liquor,
morrlii:*. opium, all dru«r habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S39 Polk et.. San Francisco.
|l WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up: ele-
pant overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market ct.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 EO per nisht; $1 60 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PANTS. $5: euits. S6 TS. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CIXJTHIN'C PARLORS. <37 Montgomery »t.
A-$8 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, tl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 230 Kearny St., near Pine.
WHITE enamel iron beds. *inirle, three-quarter
or doufc>. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. IS10-1SX2 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
Ladles' & gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. J. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel.Folsomim.
OLD cold, eilver diamonds and precious «tones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL, 817 Market ft.
GOOD home open for healthy boy an«l girl
babies. MRS. DR. FUNKE, Hit 8th. Alameda.
>LFREiJUMS Egyptian Henna; restore* icray
hair to Hi natural color; 11; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors," ior leather, wood
end photos, at all first-class art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HORISHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Red 126S.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
••Domestic" office, 1021 Market st., nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1118 Sutter Et.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, tbe best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
REAL, ESTATE CITV FOIt SALE.
FASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C2S Market et,
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER FLATS—
Beautiful, new, modern ; northwest • corner on
O'Farrcll st.; S flat?; rent low $2100; elegant
end modern in detail; price $27,500.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS, SNAP-Two
beautiful flats, 7 and 8 room* and bath; round
bay windows: always rent for $960; cars pass.
SEE THIS TO-DAY. Price $R500.
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORXER-On
Jackson st.; 27:6 feet frontage; unobstructed
view; 2 flats; cost S9000; mortgage $3000 can
remain; must be sold ; price $4600. , 'V-t---
DOWNTOWN FLATS ON ELLIS STREET—
Three elegant modern flats of 9 rooms and
l«.th (just finished); sunny Bide street; nothing
finer in the city; rents $145 per month; 6 min-
utes' walk from Kearny St.; lot 27:6x137:6;
I.rice 116,000.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS— Three fire.
v.f\l -built fiats of 5, 5, 6 rooms and bath;
tunny 6ide street; center Mission warm belt;
jay 12 per cent; price $5500.
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE— Large,
ttauttful residence of 9 rooms and bath; very
ccnveniently arranged; only few steps from
the famous Golden Gate Panhandle; light and
Funny; $3500 bank mortgage can remain or
can arrange terms; price $3000.
BEATJTIFrL MISSION HOME— Six rooms
end bath; porcelain tube, tile mantels, etc;
2 car lines; price $2500.
BEAUTIFUL 'WESTERN ADDITION HOME
— Seven rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, etc. ;
every modern improvement: bituminized street;
Interior decorations cost $2000; near Van Ness ¦
eve.; price $3000; terms to suit.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
¦ 638 Market %t.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street
Bargains.
Snaps.
Foreclosures.
Estates.
All Must Be Sold.
All Must Be Sold.
Auction.
Action'.
rUESDAY. April 9. 190L
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market et.
j
STEUART-STREET INTESTMEXT-No. 1J
Steuart 6t., near Market; this is one of the
finest and safest investments in the city to- ,
day. It Is situate within a few feet of the
ner/ ferry building, adjoining Market Bt.. in the
heart of the commercial district of San Frar-
cleco. The present Improvements consist of
etore and fiat; rents S36 50.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION— No. 2221 Pa-
cific ave., near Buchanan st. This magnlflce.it
home, situated in the most aristocratic resi-
dence section of San Francisco and surrounded
by elegant and costly residences, will be sold
absolutely to highest bidder, notwithstanding
the fact that the property opposite sold last
week for $500 per front foot. Elegant, modern
in detail; 9 rooms, bath, laundry, wlneroOm.
etc Lot 20x117, back to rear street.
VALENCIA-STREET BUSINESS PROPER-
TV— West 6ide Valencia street, £5 north of
18th: also north Fide 18th St.. 100 feet west of
Valencia; 2 fine business lots, 2Szl00 each on
Valencia street, the natural continuation of
y. Tket and the main business street of tho
Mission; large lot, 35:6x130 feet; elegant site
lor flats or residence.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
r>ENCE— No. 2514 Pine St., near Pierce; one of
tiiC most desirable residence sections of the
Western Addition; bituminized streets; conven-
ient to several car lines; beautiful residences
on every Elde; this elegant residence of 11
rooms and bath, attic, basement, stable and
driveway is situated on the sunny Elde of the '
etrect and is built so as to admit eun and light
in every room: rents $600 per annum; large lot,
42:44 feet front by 137:6 feet; tank mortgage
$5000 can remain or can arrange payments.
FIRST-STREET INVESTMENT— No. SS5
First et.. near Folsom; lot 25xS7:6 feet, with L
20x50 feet; well built house of 8 rooms and bath;
rents $27 60, and cottage of 3 rooms, rents $9;
PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE— No.
1627 Hayes St., near Lyon: only one block from
the beautiful Park Panhandle: large elegant
j.odern residence of i rooms and bath an!
basement. Modern and up to date in all de-
tails Hayes-street cars pass; bituminized
street- cement walk; 25x100.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT— No.
254 and 254% Perry 6t.. near Fifth; tenement
property of this kind pays larger Interest than
any other property. Improvements large well-
built modern building of € flats of 4 rooms each.
Always rented for $£2 per month; lot 82:6x60 ft.
MISSION CORNER FLATS, northeast corner
—Nos. 1335 and 1237 Vermont and 25th et. : two
new corner flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath and
ten-foot brick basement, porcelain bath, tiled
mantels, porcelain sinks with tiling; every
modern Improvement: rents $30; one-half block
from Mission and Howard etreet cars; lot 25x
No 2755 23d St., near Chattanooga — Forced
rale; well-built bay-window cottage of 6 rooms
end bath In the famous Mission Warm Belt;
only a few steps from Mission and Twenty-
second st. cars; lot 25x90 feet,
ALABAMA-STREET COTTAGE— No. 1664
Alabama *&t.. near 27th: story and half house rf
C rooms; rent JS: lot I'CxllO feet."
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
C38 Market street
CHEAP— House and lot, K ft. front, concrete
wall. Iron railings. 7 rooms, bath, laundry,
barn, chicken yard, lawn: most healthy and
pleasant location in S. F. ; further particu-
lars inquire of I. L. MERRELL, 22 Vlcks-
burg st.
$4500— A FXAP; north ride Harrison St.. b*-
twwn Fifth and Sixth; two 2-story houses
of € rooms and bath each; rents $<0: bank
will loan $3000 at 6 per cent. Apply R, Mc-
COLGAN. 2J Montgomery st.. room 3.
JiTOO — C-ROOM houses, on easy terms: up-to-
date In every particular; Elizabeth, near
Douglass. J. ANDERSON, owner.
MODERN cottages and flats built: reasonable;
plans fumiEhed. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder; office 1S3» Market ft - . . .
ron the best located lots In Richmond and the
'•tcsuest call on W. J. Guan. 120 California.
CURTAINS
You oiigHt to see- the new
beauties we just received this
week r— , curtains and portieres
that cannot be duplicated in any
other store -—a special "lot ; we
have 1 made to suit the taste and
style of people who care for par-
ticularly nice things.
And yet, with all their beauty
and "unusual design, we -have
priced them very modestly.
..We would be pleased to; show
these goods— whether you buy
or not you } are welcome to see
them.f r
¦ -•¦-' ' V - _. ¦ ' f -
Jb «. x__^
215-217 Sutter St., above Kearny.
I: ¦ McAVoy ;:4;:c9;^
FUNERAL DIRECTORS \ & EMB ALMERS.
• ¦.-• 1219 Market st.;: between 8th and »tl«.' :•
' .-..":> . v - Telephone Boutn 147.- . ¦-¦; .'
IK you have lots ' to sell north of the • Park,
then call on W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
STORAGE AND. WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH | Storage and Moving Co.
;: officer Post and Powell sts. : tel. Main 67U. .
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. .¦¦¦¦> *
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany, 2320 Fillmore st. : - phone' Jackson 281.
I The! iriest scenery I
||fj» You don't go east EVERY day. tTT s\
fM&M When you do go, go comfortably
lijfiii — via Denver and the Burlington SiBtT^
iPIll The time is ALMOST as fast as ¦ %^
f|l§|} the fastest and the service and seen- . 9jn - y^^_
HO ' ery are better than the best. /GSySzM
|h9e£m . '¦'. Thro' standard sleepers, San Francisco to Chicago . ¦ TaKta ISS #8&l!a
E|§r*»i I daily. ' Thro* tourist sleepers Tuesday- f - HH|S JH ijgllfl
¦e/iwB I - and'Thnrsdays— Omaha. Chicaeo, Kansas Jf3E! VtA Rsll^l
WfjlTV ifWw?Tffll City. Sc Louis— EVERYWHERE east." Qfcl S^i-flS
H& fi I ImtPf' 1 ' ¦ Tickets and berths at 631 Market St. 3r^ ra|
j|j*%| • 1^-S^l W.D.SANBOR^ General A*r->t. ; nfetfl R IS HAt :the Jmeetine of 'delegates ' held -last
Thursday Uhe . resignation of I Captain: At
tlnger, the '. presiderit v of i thV: national -or
ganization, was at. last accepted, and ;his
successor elected.". '„' Captain ;Attinger , had
tendered his resignation some months ago,
being ' compelled * to ' do " so" owing v to ill
• health.. The bund, ..in .the hope .that '• his
' health ) would j soon improve," declined '. to
accept the resignation, and Captain Kuhls,
the first vice president, acted as president.
Captain F. A. Kuhls,* the popular captain
of the Eintracht Schuetzen Club, who had
acted as temporary president of. the bund,'
..was ¦ elected president I and . the other vice
presidents were promoted one step by-ac
; clamation. John ¦ D. - Heise of ; the Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club; >» as made first
vice president, Captain < Henry Grieb of
the Red Men's Schuetzen' Club second vice
president and D. . Salfleld of the. Nord
deutscher Schuetzen Club third vice presi
dent. .These promotions . created a* va
cancy, and F^H. Bushnell; president of
the Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, wa3
elected fourth vice president. .
D.:B. Faktor has reported several addi
tional prizes since the last meeting, which
brings, the total up to" 100 ; trophies, some
of which represent a small 'fortune, while
few cost less than $100 each. v. -
The bund decided to publish, an lllus
. trated ' souvenir i programme . intended ; to
be a- work, of art and a credit to Califor
nia. The space is , to be devoted to : the
.festival exclusively. No : paid advertise
ments will be accepted from»any source, -.
"- '¦ Several new rifle clubs ' have ¦ joined the
; bundv and will send delegates ' to contest
for trophies. . -. . •.-• . ; ,-. ..-^- vr.-i:
PREPARATIONS.for'the-Natlonal
Shooting Bund are going on at a
i fast -pace. ; More 1 prizes ; are being
added-'! to'^ the already 'long list ' of
¦' ; - -;~ ; donations, ; many 1 of -which rare I of
; exceptional value and - beauty. • The recent
/change In the executive officials wllL pro
•, due'e ' no : in the I plans "J of j| thia
; great' fihootinff. festival.: . " ' . :2.
,:'- A" French "physician,: Dr. .Hervieux, -has
made j, investigations -which . indicate - that
flies SDread smallpox.
; J GEORGE ; HARSS ' SERIOUSLY : INJURED.—
A man, named George Harss was treated at the
Emergency i, Hospital -. yesterday « for what » wes .
diagnosed : by * Dr. *y Malaby ' a3 a possible frac
ture of, the skull.: Harss was found on Mission
and i Fourth • streets - : in i an. * unconscious - condi
tion. V It ; was ' stated that;he fell, against the
curbstone. - H» • resides ~ at s Turk • suid ; Taylor
streets. r
' Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co. , 4 V New f Montgomery. ; s t , ."and \ inform
yourself ? concerning 'I that 'company's r im
proved i service i and lo-w^ rates ; to ; Los '. An
geles," San Diego," Santa Barbara, iTacoma,
Seattle,' Juneau, ? Skaguay and '^lli Pacific
Coast ports>j^; v"-: - :'"- T l ";; /-
Why Don't You Travel by Sea P
; That i" their salesmen may. have' the:r
evenings "to '^themselves 'J the .firm '* of . M.
Friedman ¦ & .: Co. , "'• furniture, >; carpets and
draperies, 233-235-237. Post street, will closa
evenings. ' Beginning "April "¦• 8 r they wMl
close. at ; 6 p.; m.? except Saturday, even
ings and • evenings before < holidays. •
Salesmen Have Their Evenings.
Rauer's Law and Collection Co., re
moved to 313 . Bush st. • •„".'.'
• The ; City iBoard :¦ of - Education; com
posed ' of Superintendent " f'ot * Schools
Webster and his four "deputies, Messrs.
Jordan, Kingsbury, Sullivan and Howard,
held, an important meeting yesterday, for
the purpose of revising the : rules -relatln?
to .the j issuance, of teachers'^ certificates.
This action was made necessary by recent
legislation affecting the- granting of cer
tflcates to applicants. \
. The most important amendments to the
,rules as 'decided upon by the; board pre
iscribe, that no -more High School certifi
cates shall be granted upon examinations,
ibut. they., may be procured only on cre
jdentials. There, credentials comprise
I diplomas" of graauatidn from j the Dniver
•sity of. California or from such- institu
; tlons jas the State Board ¦ of ¦ Education
deem, to -be of equal rank, with fhe- State
University. Such diplomas must be ac
companied by '.the recommendation of the
faculty and the department of "pedagogics.
This rule will compel all holders of certifi
cates who did not take the course of peda
gogy to return to the, university and take ;
'such course. --'-'; - v . .. ' ¦ . i
\- > Another rule provides that ho certificate '
of the primary grade v/ill be granted in :
the'future. ¦ No special certificate of the \
: High -School ,'srade' shall be ..issued en
i titling parties toteachany language oth
er than English/- Again,- county'Boards of
JEducatiori'shaU" issue - to j holders of cer
tificates who have had five years' success- :
;ful experience in teaching permanent "cer
tificates ' of the grade corresponding to the'
grade of the ¦ certificate' possessed .by the
applicant. This will obviate the necessity
of applications for renewals and the pay
ment of > fees therefor, and will eliminate
much of the work of local Boards of Ex
amination. - : "-•: -» ..'.,. . s .. .
; The board further decided' that when an
applicant' shall ¦. have been • under pay in
the San Francisco School Department for
sixty months he . shall be considered as
having had .the five years', experience for.
a permanent certificate. : No examination
will be; held- In. pedagogy for grammar
grade certificates. . -. ; -.-.¦ - -
,. The board recommended the granting of
the following certificates as a result of the
recent teachers' examinations:- *' ¦¦¦ •¦•¦
: High School— Miss Annie ; Whitley. '
Grammar /grade — Dr. M. J; - JMahoney,
MissrA: Fubla," Mrs. Mary E. Rise: " - -
: Primary grade— Miss A. C. Sutkamp.
~ Special certificates, High School grade-
Music: Miss Estelle Carpenter. Miss Eliz
abeth "Wade: mechanical drawing: Charles
H. ' Dashin. Frederick K. Blum ; Latin and
Greek: - Arthur Altschul; physical culture:
Miss, Ida M.Pul;' cookery: Ellen M. Bart
lett:*penmanship," grammar grade: ¦ Miss
Mary F.'Lanlgan,;Mrs.;A.:H. Marquis.
w Renewals — Grammar grade: Misses A:
,T. . H. E. Worden,* K. : G. Mc-
Quaide. - Josle ; R. .'Ambrose, Alice Murphy,
Lillie.Cashin, Mary Fleming. M. B. Han-'
ley.'M.'* McCauley,-: Annette Murphy.- J.- J.*-
Kean, TJ. A. Keddy. Louise C. Nippert; M.
O'Malley, Pearl Hobart and Mrs. J.Har
brand. - -•-, '¦". .- • \ "^-. •¦.•-»'..: :y
v~ Special cookery— Miss Lilly A: Toomey.
'Educational diplomas— Miss Ida M. Perl,
Harriett : McAfee. '¦; Ji^BSBtaiiuUaiMJHjBBit
Assessor ; Dodge Is of : the; opinion that
the total assessment roll of this. city and
cc imt£ will hot reach thesum "of $400,000, -
OOC. He so informed "Auditor Wells - yes
terday and ' advised that 1 official to base
his estimates | for the Requirements'- of ; the
various. branches": of the city government
forUhe next ; fiscal year, on' a much lower
valuation. Dodge t would not state ! defi
nitely § how .'. much 5 the) assessment - roll
would be," but ¦' he intimates" that it : will
fall below, $390,000,000. . : A ; '. : v
: Notwithstanding"' Dodge's contention,
; Auditor|Wells has fully made up his mind
to figure the tax budget on a basis of $400,
000,000,;,'unless,'. subsequent developments
justify the other course. ,• Wells draws his
conclusion from the fact that the roll' last
year -'.amounted'-, to ¦ --J $410,000,000,7 - though
Dodge . then ;' contended •"; that . it ? would
amount to = only ; $375,000,000,' and on. this
basis the last tax levy was figured, which
resulted: in an . increased - revenue ¦ of . some •
$260,000, -which the Supervisors now desire
to expend in several different ways. - .
1 Dodge bases ) his estimate for a reduced
valuation on; the- fact ..that : 5 per. cent- is
usually ¦ allowed! for .taxes delinquent and
uncollected. r.'Thls would ; amount toi$20,
000,000, thus. reducing the roll, as compared
with last year, 1 to $390,000,000. Again Dodge
notified > the that - a < considerable
reduction -would be effected by lower val
uations • on i old ; dwellings, • upon 1 which no
reduction has been made in twenty/years.
Dodge figures that these .improvements
have deteriorated; and, she'^has - already
done much work in 'lowering Uhe:assess
ments '.thereon. , :% Last ¦< year Dodge . asked
the Supervisors to allow. him ten- clerks to
revise^ the- figures, -buti without • success."
He\wentahead with the force at. his com
mand and' he ) figures ; that , the reductions
on that ? class of < property will amount to
between- $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. i >lyy^- -
•' Again,: the sum of $1,500,000 will be miss
ing.'this year; owing to the; exemption' of
church .property. . Taking ,- into. ¦••; account
the ! assessment of $5,000, 000,- which I is now
In litigation and the validity of which will
not ¦> be '¦ decided ¦ for * at ' least ¦: two : r years,"
Dodge feels justified in predicting that the
total assessed valuation:, of ¦ this ; city ¦ and
county should .not be estimated at -a
greater figure than $390,000,000 and he fears
that it may drop to $380,000,000. r '
Dodge; Believes Roll Will
Fall Below Pour Hun- - :
-: dred Millions. .
now - is what started the'suspicion Iti the
mind of Deputy Reis and-the '.Treasurer's
office .that anything .was- wrong, 1 and why
the; police .were not informed. ¦ . Byington
does .not know. ' Reis -wlll'not say why he
exposed Sullivan' or. what gave rise to his
! suspicions .; that 'the :' orders', were fraudu
lent. It. seems to be,a case/ofmutual ex
planation all ;round:<with. the brunt of the
explanation tupoir the* District Attorney's
office." ¦"'-•¦-.. •:¦ .'¦",. .">.-,''".• ¦-.-: • ¦.
BIG REDUCTION
IN ASSESSMENT
see that each day's money wu all properly, de
posited. I am no .more : responsible for' his
forgery. If one i has been committed, • than [ if
It were, working on the streets. My signature
is not required- to get money, out-of thetreas
vry. I could not draw a dollar myself with
out the signature of a Judge. In my . desire
to ; fulfill the letter • of } the charter ' I simply
arked. Sullivan to-write up my .books and. re
ports. •¦.•¦,•';
Paid Prom His Own Pocket.
I cannot handle between $300,000 and $400,000
a year without' a bookkeeper, and I have been
trying In every way possible to. keep my office
running: with ray present force by paying Mr.
Sullivan • for his services a few dollars from
time to time out of my own • pocket. . Every
dollar I have received -is- either in. the treas
ury or covered by cash • and receipts In- my
cafe. No person has • failed to get his bail
ironey. as far as I know. There are no com
plaints. I welcome an investigation. ¦ Instead
cf not helping the police. I will say that- every
effort of the detective force to locate Sullivan
teemed futile until I handed Captain- Seymour
the telegram Informing me of Sulilvan's whfere-
Rbcuts. i handed it to. him and Mr. Byington
an soon' as I received "it. I -worked on- my
; books and papers. all day yesterday, as. usual
and was at the Hall of Justice until 4 o'clock,
xvhen I went to the treasury • to - deposit. ' -I
"v/as- also -present' at- the questioning ¦ of Sulli
van before. Captain Seymour..- I think . when
the whole matter is - Investigated that the pub
lic will see. the, injustice of accusing my- office
of irregularity.. . . ' ¦ ¦ ; -•• "> 1 ''¦¦''¦'¦
Some Chinese Bail ' Money.
Experts, both amateur and professional,
have been going over the books : in '.the
Police Courts and the offices of the War
rant and Bond, Clerk and the City:Treas
urer and have found many; discrepancies.
But Whether further. Investigation will
result in showing criminal intent or cleri
cal carelessness is the question.
One of these, peculiar, propositions "was
found in Judge Conlan's court in the cases
of Ah Fook and Wong Jim. Both were
arrested in the .latter part of January and
charged with visiting a lottery place.- On
the records of Clerk. Rice : appears : the en
try that Bock Guy deposited $40 cash bail
in each case to ; insure/their appearance.
Ah Fook was fined $20 and (Wong Jim $40.
Clerk Rice's record : reads "that ., the fines
were paid in court,' which 'would 'mean
that instead- of the usual procedure, be
ing observed, .these -men - paid the 1 cash
to Rice, which , he claims he turned -over
to the County ' Clerk L and the same was
deposited. ¦ by the ¦ latter with the City
Treasurer. On the record - book : and
receipt book is an indorsement in . Sulli
van's handwriting- that 'on February.! he
collected from Quang. Bo and' BOckGuy, 1
whose names he signed, the $80 represent
ed in the. two - orders.'. • After ¦-, signing
the names of the Chinese, he, initialed 1 the
receipt as follows: ./"D. J. S. for C. S.-P."
The money* represented by. these borders
was drawn out 'of ;the City Treasury' on
warrants signed • by- Sullivan,': who claims
that ' he probably • paid the money . back 1 to
the Chinese, although he had- no definite
recollection of the circumstance. Clerk
Rice was also somewhat, hazy in his ex
planation of - the transaction, but claims
it was "perfectly straight." . .•„,..<
A meeting I of - the ¦ Police Judges was
held yesterday morning, at which District
Attorney Byington ' was present. The
question as to the ' best method : of - pro
cedute to follow . In the ' prosecution
of Sullivan was _• discussed. { : It was
finally determined;; that ; it . would \ be
inconvenient " for ; one J Police ys Judge
to g-o before/ another, ; and swear, • to
a warrant chargingSullivan. with the for
gery of. th^ signature of the complaining
Judge. -This would necessitate the calling
in of a Justice of the Peace to ; preside- in
the case ;ahd leave, the | field . wlde'-'jopen
for all kinds of political- pulls. | Byington
suggested passing -the buck- up ; to.; the
Grand- Jury, -evidently having rforgotten
that Grand Juryman Lutz had a little rod
in pickle. '. •-..•¦- . .. .-. - ; .i. ¦ - •. .1
Seymour Wants ; Information.
Judges Mosan ' arid vFritz also have a
small -matter, 'about which" they I would
like the advice of the District Attorney.
Both of them claim that there is no pro
vision in , the charter by which j they are.
required to-' sign orders on. the- treasury
to pay therefrom .moneys -deposited as
bail which do not : ;pass' through their
hands and of which the District At
torney,- through- his bond and warrant
clerks, ¦ is practically custodian. . This ' at
titude, if -maintained,' will, only add. to the
inconvenience of those' interested in the
discharge of the prisoneK.
I Captain . Seymour. Is • anxious to ascer
tain-who informed Sullivan -of the fact
he ' was wanted. • Seymour's ! first intima
tion that Sullivan had left town was con- ;
veyed . to' him -by-, the. article in; The | Call
on- Monday morning... I He '.telephoned to
the office, instructing the detectives then
on .- duty to , trace-., him .- and ¦. summon ' Dis
trict Attorney .Byington; to < come to his
office.- Telegrams 'were sent 'to all the
principal | points -. in f .the • • East, 'ordering
Sullivan's apprehension and 'furnishing
his . description.- : Byington said' he . heard
about the matter, on Saturday/ and qui
etly Investigated it; and told Clerk Greely
to notify the Police Department that Sul
livan was among the missing.';. Greely. ad
xnitsi that he ¦• forgot ' to -obey ;his"- chief's
Instructions. • What is bothering Seymour
OFFICERS OF. THE SCHUETZEN BUND, WHO ARE CHARGED WITH'
THE DIRECTION. OFi . THE INTERNATIONAL TOURNA
MENTWHICHiW^ii BE HELD HERE IN JULY.' •" : -.' '
The discussion was caused by the appli
cation of M. Murphy to continue his busi
ness on Bake-r ' street. / ¦ The .Woman's
Christian Temperance Association ob
jected to this particular saloon, and upon
its objection, as . well as the proposed
reformation -in the' neighborhood where
it is located, Uhe license was the first of
many to be denied.
Chief Sullivan stated to the board that
riots were frequent in the saloon near the
military reservation, and that patrol wa
gon-loads of officers had to be sent from
the North End police station. The sol
diers become intoxicated and when in a
fighting mood endangered the lives of citi
zens as well as those of the policemen
sent out to arrest them. I .
. At a meeting of the Police Commission
last night Chief of Police Sullivan advised
the Commissioners to refuse -the renewal
of all liquor licenses to saloons' in . tho
neighborhood of the Presidio. The Com
missioners accepted the Chief's sugges
tion and announced their intention of
closing each place' where liquor is sold In
that vicinity as fast a.3 their present li
censes expire. . .
POLICE TO CLOSE
PRESIDIO SALOONS
Examiners Prescribe -How
Shall Be .
Issued;
RULE REVISION
MADE BY BOARD
NO VERDICT
IN THE TRIAL
OF McGLADE
Jury Is Dismissed
IMSey en Hours;
ol Balloting.
Jurors Nolan ana ' Fleiger
Each Time.
"After, deliberating I seven hours the . jury
in the* case of Peter. McGlade 'declared that
it .was. impossible for, them to reach, a ver
dict and Judge.- Melvin - reluctantly, dis
missed the jurors from further service.
: ; After a trial lasting eight days the case
went* to the ~juryr yesterday afternoon. at
5 :15. -Yesterday-' s ¦ proceedings consisted of
the : testimony of ex-Chief, of "Police Lees
and; the defendant, together; with* the ar
guments i of, counsel i and \ the charge of
Judge Melvin' to the jury, r McGlade when
on the ;, witness stand made a general de -
nlal of the ' charges filed against him.
The rumor,, which gained currency last
week that two of the jurors would disa
gree v seemed- to; have' some .foundation
when at 6 p. m. the jury, after being
brought into court, announced* that" it 'was
impossible to reach a verdict. Judge Me»
vin* ordered* them to be taken to dinner
and- announced that • he .would return at
9 p.. m. -,.-¦ '-¦¦¦"¦ •% . ' ''¦-'¦¦¦ ... ¦ - ¦ . - "v ¦ -. ; ~
•a-At.9pi' m. Judge Melvin. came. into com t
and'sent for, the jury.-. When the foreman
announced that • no verdict had ¦ been
reached the court ordered the jury* back
tp-.the jury room until* 11. . •'. -.«>:; - - •
! It - was half | an hour before • midnight
when the jury came again into : the pres
ence of the. court. Once again the jurors
were'- asked -if ".they 'had reached a verdict
and again a negative answer was given.
Then Judge Melvin questioned each juror
and each said a verdict was impossible.
The . court had : no , alternative .but to dis
miss the jury and at the request of the
District Attorney the case aeainst Mc-
Glade was setfor next Saturday.-
After the jury left the Hall of Justice
the members declined to tell how the bal
lots ; stood. -¦ Some of : them adjourned to a
saloon; for refreshments, however," an-1
there a heated argument took place. '. Al
though; the jury had agreed to. maintain
silence as $to how the ballots had been
cast some'of the jurors finally talked. .
It was learned that • eleven ballots wee
taken" and" that from the first two of the
jurors had .stood- for a'-verdict of . "not
guilty." "The Jurors who . voted-- for "not
guilty"; were E.: J. Fleiger and George
Nolan. The ten -jurors who voted for a
verdict of guilty, were Peter Anther,
.Charles Bliss, Nathan Levy. V. R. Heli
man, R. Tiddy, E. Rhode, J. H. Norri.T,
W. Renz, P.« Borchart and Fred - J.
Schmidt, r On the last ballot Schmidt went
over and voted "not sruilty " ; .
After the details 'of- the -balloting leaked
out, some of the jurors were -not averse
to talking of the result of the trial and
said that Fleiger and Nolan refused to
listen ..to . any . . arguments and had an
nounced at the start of the balloting that
they would never vote for a .verdict -of
guilty against McGladeJ 7-,- |
VALUABLE AND NUMEROUS PRIZES
FOR NATIONAL SHOOTING BUND
Li he V Prom otidn ; of Off icers^ by (Gradation U on - Accou nt
the Former ; President of ©rganizat^
"•'¦¦ : ¦ -' -'¦ ¦ ¦ "" ' "¦ *-'-¦' - : "' ' ' .t. ' ' * ' Lt
Why "Peery delegatedthis" responsibility
to a subordinate, whom he admits he
knew to be of unsavory character, he ex
plains in the following statement: .
My . position In this matter is pimply this:
I have received bail money and deposited it In
the treasury. -Mr. Sullivan, as to me. has
been honest as far as I know. I have kept
such watch over him that he could not have
btren otherwise., ;I do not know wh&t he has
done on the outside. People have hinted to
me that he had' a, bad record, buf upon inquiry
I could not get from them any speciflc charge,
and' it was not. ontil • this matter arose that
anybody has purported to state facts. On ac
count of the insinuations ag&lnst him' I have
been more particular than I otherwise would to
Kept Watch Over Him.
"Every order that I presented was 3 a
genuine one, signed by the Jodge him
self," he says. "This ihing has ; been run
on a very- loose system. I do, 'not. deny
that I " received money | for cashing these
orders. I 'do. not care vjhether Kytka de
clares - the i - ignati:res genuine or -not.
When the warrant and bond clerk's office
was flrst opeixd up we did not; have any
blanks. Soraeiimes we would ' take one
at the orders on the treasury, scratch out
the words 'paj' to tho order of and write
in there "recerred of.' This would be the
receipt for the bail (money. In Peery*s
office there is x»ot a. book of records to
show the receipt of money. from any one.
When one of these receipt books is filled
out they chuck the stubs into a closet
and let it go at that."
Clerk Peery. in explaining his apparent
delinquency in not .making daily returns
to the city treasury, claims that his force
is overworked. The routine details iof, his
office. are such that the force of men at
his command, if ¦ not engaged in outside
avocations, should be sufficient to meet
all requirements in a : clerical way. ¦ One
clerk is detailed to attend the office at
night, while the remainder ; of the force
is on duty throughout the' day. Peery
himself is seldom about the office, except
ing during the busy hours of the morn
ing. He admits tha.t Sullivan was prac
tically- allowed by him to handle the
moneys entrusted to him as a temporary
custodian prkw to their" transmission to
the city treasury.
Sullivan T:lls of Loose Methods.
The Hall of Justice is all agog over the
exposure of the Dan Sullivan transactions.
Sullivan spent the night in jail and is
apparently, satisfied to remain there, al
though not charged with any offense. He
might invoke the aid of a writ of habeas
corpus, but says he dees not qare to do so.
It begins to look as If District Attorney
Byington- would have .to • appear . on : the
defensive 'beiore the jGrand 'Jury; In "order
to protect his ' subordinates In the war
rant and ibond' clerk's 'office of ;tbe City
Hall.-. Instead of his appearing: as the peo
ple's 'prosecutor,- he will likely have to
act as counsel for the defense of' his own
office, when .the Grand Jury to-nigfct be
gins an lnvtestlgatlon Into the .crooked
transactions of Dan Sullivan, late ,book
keepimr assistant to. Warrant and- Bond
CierkCharles S. Peery. ' • '• .'
Some tnonths agro A;D. Dardis,' an el
derly horse doctor, was arrested on .a
charge of' grand, larceny arising -out of
a business-difference with a young woman
named CWiVodbrldffe. ; He "was a friend of
William j B. Lutz, | and the bail money for
li!s release was furnished by the last
named. Some slsty days after the case
had gone ' through all the various stages
of 'Police 'Court continuances and was
finally dkenissed, 'L»utz went after his
money.' \
Naturally the first place he sought was
the city treisury. , . ': :
."No; niones* here to your credit," an
swered Deputy Treasurer Reis, who pays
all warrants. \ . . ."•
"That's f unaiy," ' said Lutz. He : then
went back to > the warrant and bond
clerk's office arid asked for his coin. Noth
ing was known there about it, so he was
informed, and lie was told to call again.
Lutz.went back four or five times, with
the same result.. Finally, getting ¦ tired,
he went, to see E^yington about noon or 1
o'clock in the afternoon. He explained
the matter to hir.i, and was requested to
call acrain about 4 or 5.
Says By ing ton Beturned Money.
* "I went back," sa:id Lutz, "and Byington
handed out the. money, $250, . apologizing
for the delay. | I did" not have my receipt,
nor did I sign any \ papers or books. I
was glad enough to ;pet the money."
Lutz a few days ivfter this transaction
was selected as a member of the Grand
Jury, .atod is. theref«»re, in a position to
accuraiiely gauge what manner of things
are bei:ig done in thi? warrant and bond
clerk's office, out of ->rhich Dan Sullivan,
Clerk Perry's assistant, with $800 of some
body's bail money, l.etyanted to Colfax
and fi.na.llv landed in jail.
This in.<ormation vras conveyed last
night to Oaptain of Uetectives Seymour
by Police Officer John Fleming, who is
attached to the court of Police Judge Ca
baniss. The inaccessltiflity at that hour
of the recoids prevented further inquiry
into the matter. The line of inquiry
which this iransucticn opens .up will be
followed up lo-day and the evidence will
be presented by Lratz to the Grand Jury
lo-nlght.
HAS TROUBLE
GETTING THE
BAIL MONEY
G^andiJSrotiLutz Is
:After District
I Attorney.—
Encounters Dilliculties in
7 Securing $250 He %
~-r Deposited. -
12
THE SAN FKAKCISCO OAIilii WEDNESDAY, " APRIL 3, 1901
j ,'Phone Howard 1021.
Dh ii@Y «£S v jm j. kj ra[ j&L >Sj
119 TAYLOR STREET.
CASH-SAMfi FAGTS.
BUTTER, FRESH CHURNED, SQUARE
!-> ;^24c ¦¦ ': - -
nilTTTD Fresh Creamery, 3usuain"7 l,.
Kll I I Pn size . square.....:......../ I K
UU I I Wll Careful i y raade . point* 1 '2 11
Reyes or Humboldt Brands. Sample at
Store. • . . *
- | SMYRNA FIGS. Pound pkg-, 5c.
CRACKERS Baked. 15c S Cartons | QQ
COKSICAN CITRON,' Pound. lOcr-.
liniirV "W"ater TVTiite, Comb. Full tt n
Hllliri Frame, from San Diego. 1 1 R
IIUI11 - 1 Elsewhere 15c to 20c :/,¦•¦
CELLULOID STARCH. 6c pkg. ,
filtnl OT OF " BEEF "Rex"' nn-
rX I KAb ! Brand; 2-ounce Jar .. /Ml'
tA I I1MU I one Pound of. Extract 4gU
represents 45 lbs. -' Prime Beef. Strength-
ening. Perfect Flavor.
GHIRARDELLFS CHOCOLATE, Pound,
25c
fl ft n II " Mub' 'Brand. Large 10c Can r A
I. II KM Best Iowa. Sweet and tend- HR
" Umi er. Faber's Quality. Faber's OU
eTe^ST FRENCH MUSHROOMS, Can,
• 20c
SJULUH L1LI Qnce always U U
used. -."Wednesday. .¦*' .- :
WONDER TAR SOAP, Cake, 5 - 5c.
nrilJC" Llbb y' s " p °rk- 2 tins r n
KrllflNBest Beans, nicely cooked, fly
ULml Hready to use.- ¦ i . UW
? STOLLWERCK'S COCOA, Tin,
YUpn Breakfast Food. 2-Pound |f|p
I UUL sterilized ."S'from^Hari ' -
Spring "Wheat. Regular loc. - .
5c- V
C M 1 n C D ' Q Sa lf d Dre "sslng. Bottle t r n
Xraillrn Mayonaise. JnC
if not satisfactory. '^aJMBBBQkBBi
FULL. WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
ft n r rf" C J av a and Mocha, t'Brok- C fl n
ynhhrren". s pounds ...:.:. ..:.n!IC
U I 1 , 1 ¦ *- U Original : Blend. Always U U U
Special. . • ;
DIAMOND L TEA, Pound, 35c
; ;'.;'. ADVERTISEMENTS.
During this entire week we will
-haye on sale our latest impoptations
of the following New Goods;
New Satin Liberty Foulard Silks and Fine Twill Satin
]* r ;; : Finish Foulard Silks. .........:....:..... . '¦:¦
.......... 85c, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 uard.
New Black Grenadines, Hack. Crepe deChene and
French Batiste and Veiling... 75c to $2.50 Bard
New French Chains, plain, printed and Jayanaise. ele-
gant designs. . . . ...... . .50c, 60c and 85c card
"New Satin Florentine RlDDons, all tH3 latest shades, 5
Inches in width. . .-. 35c uard^
New Ladies' Silk, Satin, Alfcatross a,ndCashmere Waists,
. " • latest stBlesancLcolors. . . .$4.50 to $16.50 eacir
"New Reynier Gloyes; in Suedes and> glace, : ; wlth Paris
point, embroidered hacks. '
$1.50, $1.75 and $2.00 pair
New Fancu Hosiery In polka dots, stripes, flgures and
lace effeGts ~ ....50c pair
New Persian Trimmings, hair Inch to three Inches
. in: width. . Prices...... .25c to $5.00 per "gard
feXTRA SPECIAL!
Fine Damask Table Cloths and Dinner
Sets,; Fine Damask Napkins, Tea Cloths and
Embroidered Stand Covers at veru low prices.-
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET, t
1 SPECIAL
JpiSCOUNT
I -SALE
I For a few'days only, commencing
H March 30. Must make room for
S our new goods. We will give 20
g per cent discount for Cash on
8 BEDROOM STJITS, CHTFFOH-
B XKRS, SIDEBOARDS, EX-
| TENSION TABLES and FOLD.
ING BEDS.
R This sale is one seldom offered.
1 Our goods are all up-to-date de-
B siuns and our prices are always
H low. Now is your opportunity to
0 save money and get acquainted
pj with the
I The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
1 house.
g This sale will continue only
I until we have disposed of sufficient
n goods to make rdbm for our new
H stock. •
I KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
I 1015-1017 Market St.
p* r'-, ', Opooslte Taylor.
DR.MCNULTY:
TVmS WELL-KNOWN AND BKLIABLE OLD
.1 Specialist ewet Blood Poison, Gonorrhcea,Gle*t,
8 hV c } u JT' S«raiiml Weakness. Impotence and their
- allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of SCeii, fre«.
OTPr20years>xper!ence.TernM reasnoable. Hourn.
9to3dall7;8:30to8.30ev'gs. Snndorsi.10 to 12. Coiuul-
Utlonfrseandsacredl/confldentfcil. Call oraddxea
i P. BO8COE 3Ic\'UIiTY, M.D.
S&hi Kearny St. »nn JPranciscc, GSl-
/DT>TTCII17C R BARBERS. BAX-
JDXlU I^XlJlllS ers > bootblacks, bath-
v , . .~%,vT . . hoasea. billiard table*,
brewers,' bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, Qounnllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, gta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlee Lists Mails!
on Application.
COAL, COKE A>D P1O IROX
,1 f Ulf r tl' Cd «»-BatterT Street.
J- U IT 1L2UJ.1 Q. WU-. Telephone Main ISM.
COPPERSMITH.
fW Sh!p p lan»bl*s. Steamboat and
t- W« 20UI1I, Ship "Work a specUlty. It and
18 Washington ft. Telephone Main 5641. .
FRESH XXD SALT MEATS.
IAS RnYF^&fil Sn*PPia« Butchers. .104
JA> BUIEjg WU- gay. Tel. Main 123c
OILS. "
LU3K1CATIXG QI1S. LEON'ARD & ELU1.
41S Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1713. f
r — — — — — _ __
P f HITfirTFS printer.
~~ PRINTERS. BOJKaiNDERi.
THE H1CKS-JUDD CO..
23 First Street. San FraJMlBoo.
STATIONER AND PRINTEK. ,
« -gm PAST8I DQ£ *%%** ,
Wm*'/g^>k * x)Lu iS3 1 t> Aim j m
Jf%,/^ a If you have pains you should look after them quickly Pain show3 some- ; Ws
W^^^ H' thin^ is wron^. The sharper the pain the more danger there is in delay. -There gjm
js^ : k are ousand * °' women today who are' bearinjg awful pain almost continually, §|g
R^^fegv /Y^^S^JrM rather than tell a physician about the shooting pains in their lower abdomen, '1||
a^ )0U ' a^ on y °^ a "' n 5 of iht womb and the distress of leucorrhoea. They E£
let the mdnths pass and their trouble becomes harder to cure and more distress- - fi«
B^^^^^\^k m &' u * modest woTicn can secure exemption from the embarrassment of a Wm
vLj^^t MS^^^lffl private examination. When pain tells you of danger you can cure yourself '
- - UmpHw^S^^WH^^^H You can be cured without distressing publicity— in the privacy of your home. ||3
* nesc ac^ before you there is no reason for the delay which is increasing J|S
y^^^^^^^^j^f^^ your misery and wasting the days of your life. Why not stop the pslii today? ||I
KJ5 I have used one bottle of Vine of Cardui and one package of Thedford's Black-Draught. Before I <^a
g« began to take ycur medicines I had pains in my back, hips, lower bowels and my arms. Sometimes I thought eSs
yfgk I would go blind. My head ached and I was so weaJk; I could hardly walk across the floor. Now I can only - jugs
WjS fed & little of the pain in my side and I am goicg to use- your medicines until I get cured, for I believe they g||
&g? will certahjly cure me. I nave been mzrried twelve years and am the mother of leven children. I thank §§a
yoa ioT yOU/ won<itrfuI mf-aicine and what it has done for me. MATILDA SMITH. WjL
For Ml tIco and literature address, riricy Bynptoms, " The Ladies' Advisorr • sHi
Eg Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenc. KtSfl