ing to leave the Hotel del Monte at Mon
terey and hurry to Ban Francisco, so that
Mrs. McKinley might secure the rest and
quietude bo needful in her present condi
tion.
MRS. McKINLEY BEING TAKEN INTO THE SCOTT RESIDENCE AND SCENES AT DEPOT ON ARmVAL OFTHE PRESIDENT.
one. The sudden i!lness of the
¦wife of the chief executive of the United
States was the cause of the change in the
orignal programme of events. With but
» — - *
SAX Francisco yesterday had the
unexpected honor of receiving
President Wiliiam McKinley an-3
his wife, but the coming of the
distinguishsd visitors vias a sat!
Hundreds Flock to the
Depot to Witness
Arrival.
The President Checks
Applause of the
Crowds.
¦CHarige of .Plan Is
'' No Surprised to
Party.
President Expects to
Return to ; San
Jose.; ;
Staff Correspondent of The . CaD. ,
By W. F. Burko,
'rffr^. EL, MONTE. May 12.— No ' one
• E w\ was surprised this morning when
gj B-it was announced that Mrs. Mc-
B ¦ W Kinley would go at once to the
JL-^ city with the President, and that
• :. ' ' the remainder of the party would
have to travel to-morrow and
. Shortly before noon 'yesterday the start
ling -information '.was- telegraphed from
• ; ; well-belnff was a .thousand ; times more
' precious than the fulsome recognition by
!, the .people of their chosen head of affairs.
AT midnight Secretary, Cor telyou made the following statement: "Mrs. McKinley is resting comfortably and reports as to her condition being serious are exaggerated. ?- Her- health has always been delicate and the long
journey and excitement have told on her. Her health is no worse now than it was when President McKinley: was first inaugurated.. The -President considers San point in the - State and it was
deemed advisable to bring Mrs. McKinley hereto rest and avoid the excitement of receptions in interior :' towns:"; From San-Francisco'the'Pre^ident can make side trips^and be near his wife." •
The Call's representative asked Mr. Cortelyou if he apprehended that Mrs. McKinley's illness might by ; any possibility interfere with the ''programme.' of, entertainment.^
"We have no reason for any such apprehension," said he, "nor do we expect that any part of the trip will be abandoned. If Mrs." McKinley^s resting as comfortable v to-morr6.w' morning as at present the President will be
in San Jose to-morrow." ... . : \ ; v *. '''¦"¦ : 'i';.' - - -: •:• ¦•¦¦¦¦.:'*' '¦''¦. : -A "' /¦ ¦ ''' : - :. ' .'' -^ . : 'r -'
MRS. McKINLEY'S CONDITION NOT SERIOUS; AND PRESIDENT; WltL. KEEP ENGAGEMENTS.
McKINLEY REACHES CITY, NOT AS PRESIDENT, BUT AS DEVOTED
HUSBAND, SOLICITOUS FOR THE WELFARE OF HIS DEVOTED WIFE
WATCH FOR THE BOMBS.
*}i 'HE signal to the watchers in%T he Call building will be of-
4 '• Hcialy coming from General WarHel'd, grand marshal..
¦':¦':', IV hen Jhe flag' is seen to Huttcr on the breeze, the. bombs are
"" heard -to -tx plod e and the rockets; seen to ascend, then the P rest- '
! 'dent/shall have begun to . experience San Francisco hospitality.
. JT) OMB S will be exploded and day rockets sent up from the
JLJ dome of The Call building and the Hag unfurled, on the
flagstaff at the moment the parade in honor of President
McKinley starts to-morrow afternoon from Third and Tozvn
send streets. TJu> watchers will receive word by direct wire.
/T is the wish of the Executive Committee and of General
Warficld, grand marshal of the parade, that at this-sigKal
the whistle of every engine of whatever kind in San Frah
cisco be blown and bombs exploded or other demonstration made
as a greeting to the city's distinguished guest. Bombs will go up
from the
SIGNAL OF PRESIDENTS ARRIVAL
from Third and Townsend^streets /¦^esday^ ; -i^em&nV;.*;-Bbmbs';:
will be exploded, day rockets sent up and thW-flag imfurled:on tiie
flagstaff.' Owners of mills, factories, ¦:. steamships, tugs, etc., are' re
quested to arrange ; that whistles -be;. blown i^that sig^^
others it is requested: that IbombsV be' exploded: or other 1 ¦ demonstra
tion contemplated be made tHen -in
President of the « United States, '^iUij^vMcKml&y, who at: that mo-;
ment becomes the guest of Sa^'Frahcisco^,'^';^ "¦¦':. '% v ' 'i /(> • ..; '''%
TO the Citizens of San Francisco : ¦ It ; is. arranged that . signal vbe
given by The Call from the * doine of the 'Claus Spreckels^uild-; 1
ing the instant that the icolunm; escorting! tlae President starts
JOIN IN WELCOME
TO THE PRESIDENT
the thought of the welfare of his wife
uppermost In his mlcd. President McKln-
ley, with the advice of his family physi-
cian. Dr. Rixey, decided yesterday morn-
- - . _ . . ;. ,
William McKinley, consequently, arrived
in San Francisco, not as the head of the
great American republic, but as the dc
voted husband of a beloved wife, whose
GREA T DOME OF THE CALL BUILDING
Continued on Second Page.
Moritereyr that-Mrs. McKinley; was In-a
precarious VjorUJitlon and woulcL'be brought
to;San Francisco;with all,possible speed,
Tuesday without its chief.
When Mrs. McKinley reached Del Monte
"she 'was In a-very^weak state, and the
Wheat dome of the call building
:l 7Z) ATRIOTIC , citizens have the opportunity to join in this
'Jl^> -demonstration in honor of the nation's chief executive. Lay
~\. ¦¦ ly our plans, zvatch for the signals from the dome of The
'¦¦.: [Gall 'building, and set the zvhistlcs of your mills, factories and
- .stcamships^scrceching in celebration of the arrival of the Presi
' dent. \ Bombs ¦ zvill go up from the .
WlGNAL OF 'PRESIDENTS ARRIVAL
siNgraiiNbispp^'VMO^
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 164.
'^Watw/Wr- the bombs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Continued • oif; Second ¦ Page.A Month's Test Tree.
If you haveRheumatlsm.wrlteDr. Shoop, Racine,
Wts.,boxl37,for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCure,
express said. Seed no money. Fay J5.50 U cured*
; ,'The -shipment of diamonds . from the
newly, discovered diamond fields of British
Guiana*up to the en,d of last year amount
ed-to ; 3961 stones, S weighing 580.55 carats,
and valued . at $8638. - In addition to . this
there were shipped' during/ the first .two
weeks of the present year no less than 1188
stones, weighing 187 carats/ arid valued at
$2610.— Ne w -York Tribune. . ¦ •
Sons of St. George.
Pickwick Lodge, familiarly called by the
members "dear old .Pickwick," had its
monthly. Jollification last Tuesday night
in . the banauet hall of the Red Men's
building. There was a good attendance
and a Jolly night enlivened with music,
songs and specialties. The singers were
H. R. • Carles, Sergeant Phil . English, H.
Stockton, Al Bentley, James Brown, Jo
seph ¦ ; Moscropp and ,,H. Code. W.'R.
Whyte, who was master of ceremonies,
gave a comic '. recitation., Al Bentley was
such a favorite : that he had to respond
to several encores. At these reunions any
one who has a good voice is asked to
sing and there is alwaysa ready response.
During the I evening: amber ; liquid of i Eng
lish brew and a collation , was served. ¦
DBUIDS ENJOY OUTING
AT SOHXTETZEN PABK
Three Groves Hold Their Annual
" j Picnic at the Pleasant Beaort " ,
in Marin County.
Three groves of the Druids gathered
yesterday at Schuetzen Park, ; enjoyed the
good weather and had a splendid picnic.
The hours were passed- with music, danc
ing and games. The committees in charge
were as follows:, . > ,' . . . ¦'
. Executive committee— A. J. Rianda, P. Laur
enzl. Z. J. Rossi. V. Zullo, G. PellegTini, J.
L. Valente,- Z. Ferrari, -A: Ramaccotti, S. Del
Prete, A. Orlandl, G. B.Schlafflno, A. Ciuccl,
F. Del Carlo. G. B. Antonlnl, I* Pastorino.
Floor committee— O. Lucchlsl, A. Rarnascottl,
R." •. Morettl," Glov FIgone, Glus Del Carlo, A.
Costa, S. Rovere, " L. Baclgalupi. .
Tha three groves participating were Volta
Grove No. 8S, Alpine Grove No. 107 and Laurel
Grove No. 96. U. A. O. D. •..,. . ,
' Fully fifteen hundred . people attended
the outing. , . ,,. ¦ ¦. - V
, Henri do Vernlnao.
iVMtlH, Mny 12.— Henri do Vernlnao,
vlco president of tho Senate, Is dead, aged
CO years. ' '
Jnmcs 1L Pearson.
CHICAGO, May 12.—Jamos II. Pearson,
for many years a prominent business man
and capitalist of this city* died to-night.
John Tucker.
CHICAGO, May 12.— John Tucker, for
many years a prominent figure in horse
circles and known to all the leading own
ers and drivers of the country, died here
to-day of apoplexy.
Alexander Boss.
CHICAGO, May 12.— Alexander Ross,
who was superintendent of Chicago's Po
lice Department under the elder Harri
son's administration? died here to-day
from pneumonia. Ross was well known
throughout the United States for his
clever detective work.
• . -
Moulton T. Needham.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Moulton T.
Needham, popularly known as "Bo"
Needham, the treasurer of .the-Washing
ton Baseball Club, died here last r.ight of
typhoid- pneumonia. He was 32 years old
and unmarried. The remains have been
taken to his former home a± Rockford,
111. Needham was formerly sporting edi
tor of the Detroit Free Press and the
Ohio State Journal. ..
Improved Order of Bed Men.
Navajo Trlbo No. 115, organized by
William Connolly, sachem of Pocahontas
Tribe,, was recently Instituted in Santa
Clara by Great Sachem Brandon, assist
ed by prominent members of tho order.
The degree work was by the team of
Manhattan Tribe of San Jose, and It was
well dono. i • , .
The family excursion and 1 picnic to bo
given by the San Francisco tribes and
tho council* of Pocahontas at Sunset
Park on tho fourth of July promise* to
be ono of tho most onioyablo affairs over
Klvon In tho namo of tho order. Thoro
will bo many &uto and gumo prlsos. \\
Tho great chiof of records puid a visit
to Manhattan Tribo last wook and gave
instructions In the adoption degree. He
ulso visited tho trlbo in Auburn. ,
The warrior's degree was conferred last
Monday on several t'llglblrs by tho teams
of Altahroea and of.Uald Kaglo tribes.
• Pohonachee Tribe has presented, a beau
tiful gold emblematic badge to Past Sa
chem T. Horn. ' . .
Pocahontas Council visited Yoaemlte
Council In Alameda last week and con
ferre,d the adoption degree on a class of
candidates. ¦¦ ' >
Ramona Council ' has arranged for a
snowball party to be given in Mlssinln
Opera-hall on the night of the 18th Inbt.
Pocahontas Council will have a picnic
at San Lorenzo Park on the 19th inst. •
TUESDAY, MAY 14. ] .* V
3i40 p. m.— President's arrival, parade.
8:00 p. m.— Public reception. Ferry depot.i .
; ;. I WEDNESDAY, MAY 15.
8i3O a.m.— Dedication of Donahue fountain.
lOtOO a. m.— Commencement University of California, Derkelert
luncheon.
4iOO p. m.— — Drive and reception at Oakland. ¦
* , Nlurht— Dinner. Gnekta of Mra/Georire IS. Morse.
OiOO a. in.— For vtsltlnir Congressmen! Drive to Golden Gate
Park, Ocean Beach and Cliff Hoaset lunch at Cliff
> •. House; return by w»r of Point Lobo« Slarnal Station
and the Presidio.
B166 p. m. — Pomtofllcc Department employes' reception to Post
mmtfp General Smith, nave of Kerry depot.
Nl*ht— Trip thronkh Chinatown for vlaltln* Con*re»«men.
THUKSDAY, MAY 16.
81OO a. m — Trip to Mount Tnmalpnts, arriving at summit at
1 lino n, m.
2i30 p. m.— Reception In parlor* of Palace Hotel by Son* nnd
I nnnirhtcru of the American involution.
OiOO p. «> — llr.M-ntlon nt Odd iVIl.inn 1 Hall by flon* of th« IIcto*
latlon, Mftttcnn War Vrtrrnm, Loral LejRlott, \.uu«
Sona and Native" Daughter*.
3inO p.m. — Hro«M»Uon nt Nniivc Son.' Hall !>r Mnlrnn War Vet
eran n, Loyal I.rtrlon, Native Son* and Native Dnnwh-
NlKht — Ilnnniirt, Ohio Society.
SiOO p. ' m— Reception to Mm. McKlnier and ladlei* of the Prc-l
dentlal party at Mn*k Hopkln* Inotltate of Art.
FRIDAY, MAY 17. '.
Mornlnu — Reception liy ¦chool children, Van Ne«* avennei .
drive to Golden »Gate Park nnd Ocean neacht lunch
eon at Cliff Honae.
2iOO p. m. — Knlirhtn Templar parade and reception.
- Evenlns— Leagve of the Cro«a CadetM drill. Mechanic*' Pa
vilion. .
' 81OO p. m.— Grand Army of the Republic reception, Xatlve Son*'
Hall.
i Mornlnsr — Vt.-utlnsc Congreiamen will lnnpect public bulldinara
/ . and tvater front.
12 m— Luncheon for visiting: ConsrcMmen at Merchant*'
Club.
Evening — Itecept Ion to Secretary Longr by XJnltnrlnn Club at
Merchants' Club. - ->¦ . ;-
SATTJBDAY, MAY 18.
,12i26 p. m. — Lnnnch of the battleship Ohio.
Afternoon— -Union. League Club reception In elub rooms and re
ception > In Maple "room. Palace Hotel.
' Xlght — Cltisenn' banquet. Palace Hotel.
SUNDAY, MAY 19.
11 tOO a. m.— President -frill attend services Central M. E. Church.
MONDAY, MAY 20. -^ v
IOiOO a. m. — President's departure.
PROGRAMME FOR WEEK
OF PRESIDENT'S VISIT
Tho six South-German societies of San
Francisco held their 'eighth annual outing
and moonlight festival at Shell Mound
Park yesterday. More than S000 people
were present to enjoy the festivities. .
The socletlea are separate organizations,
but once a year they Jill meet for a re
union and picnic. Each had its singing
section present, and the members vied
with each other'durlng the afternoon for
musical honors. All children under
twelvo years of age were presented with
souvenirs of the occasion.
Both pavilions wore thronged with clun
cera from noon till lata at night. A prize
bowllnir competition and athletic contests
wero lending features. Each society had
a hnadquartors, prettily decorated for the
occaalnn. Two band* and an orchestra
woro present to furnish muslp for tho 00
cnnlon, ¦ >
Tho nocletles represented wero OambrN
mis Vcroln, Ilavarian Itund, .HeMSon
Vereln, Itadon Voroln, Swaban vercin and
Suddoutsnher Voroln. Tho committee In
chargn of arrangements wm.m composed of
John HHKlcr. president: Fred nrown, vice
president; Charles Huber, secretary, and
Antono Stlor, trcasuror.
of Pleasure at Shell
Mound.
Six Societies Enjoy a Day
SUNDAY OUTING
OF GERMANS
NEW YORK, May 12,-When properly
considered, the story of the Northern Pa
cific corner that precipitated the panic in
Wall street on Thursday last is simply an
illustration of an old saying that there
can be "too. much of a good thing."
Harmony of interest and community of
ownership are not' bad ideas, but when
harmony of Interest Is carried to the ex
tent that it conflicts with or seems to en
danger Individual Interests It may become
tha very worst disturber possible.
From the developments of tha last few
days It 1h mada very apparent that the of
forte of ono not of men\to acquire lntorost
In other*' properties flngemlerud hlttor
feeling. That thin should Imvo broken out
in a stock marknt duel Is not surprising.
It in now iniulx clear that tho attempt on
tho part of Mr. Morgan and Mr. lilll to
ncqulru tho Ht. Paul rorul not only vvhh
not favored by the Standard OH ami Van
dorbilt IntcrostH, but wan stronuouiily op
posed by them, and that tho subxequont
successful attempt to obtain tho liurling
torl property has resulted In an.opon
breach of peace between tho Interests rep
resented by tho banking firm of J. 1'Iur
pont Morgan & Co. on ono hand and
Kuhn, Loeb & Co. on the other. This is
not a fight, as some would have It, be
tween banking houses, but between capi
talists identified with great railroad prop
erties;
Tho true story of tho long contest Is
hero told for the first time. The struggle
has extended over months and originated
in London at a meeting in which three
men seated at a table 1 with a railroad
map of the United States spread before
them calmly considered whose properties
they would acquire. That some persons
should have resented ; the . attempts to
carry out tho plans made there is not
strange, nor Is it peculiar that their pro
tection of their own properties has caused
a bitter fight. The capitalistic interests
that are clashing are the greatest in the
country. How the struggle will end no
one can tell.
It was not Union Pacific Interests alone
which objected to the Burlington-Great
Northern-Northern Pacific deal. The own
ers of the St. Paul road : are surveying a
line to the Pacific Coast, and Chicago and
Northwestern. interests are, by no means
idle. Men who were once loud in praise of
"harmony of interest" now maintain. that
the Burlington deal is the most ill advised
railroad undertaking since the West Shore
and Nickel Plate affairs. ¦ y~\
WAUT DELIVERY - DEFERRED.
LONDON, May. 13.— The Stock Exchange
has received a~petitlon-fr6m the^members
of the exchange in favor of the delivery
GREED CAUSES
STOGKPIT WAR
Morgan and Hill Reach
Out for Too Many
- ' Lines.
of Northern Pacific stock being deferred
until the old shares can be dispatched to
America and exchanged for new shares,
or otherwise, to make the non-voting
shares "good delivery." The question will
be discussed at to-day's meeting. : ¦
•The Standard's . financial article says
that any extreme measure. to force deliv
eries of the stock' probably * would be
warmly resented by the Stock Exchangje.
The Daily Mail considers that any sucht
arbitrary Interference with customs would
have more ill effect than good. The Dally
News in its financial articles observes:
"The penalty of unpopularity and dis
credit arising from the enforcement of ex
treme measures, such as are expressly
discountenanced in this market, will not
be readily, incurred by the powerful firms
concerned, even should the railway 'deal'
be thereby imperiled." I
It is' asserted that £20,000 was qn!ckly
subscribed In Capell court on Saturday In
one Instance to avert a stoppage by a big
operator whose differences amount to
£40,000. Similar efforts are being made in
one or two other cases. J
President jo be guest of honor at ohio society banquet.
: ' ' J -\ HE banquet to be given by the Ohio Society in the ladies' grill room, Palace Hotel, Thursday
'¦' j[\ night zuill be one of the most pleasant events of the President's visit: There zvill be 460 cov
. • ers laid: President- McKinley, the members of his Cabinet and Governor 'N 'ash will be the
guests of : Honor. ; v;: /• :\ . ,'.
sentative of The Call shortly after; the'
arrival of the President at the Scott resi
dence. : •-.-.¦¦•¦•
Secretary Explains Illness.
"There is no secret about the illness of
Mrs. McKlnley," he said, "and the Presi
dent desires that nothing should be held
back as to her condition. She is ill, but
is not as 111 as has been reported. She
has been suffering from a" felon on the
first finger- of her- right hand. 'It is
thought- that "she either injured her hand
inthe cars or. that herrings bruteed the
flesh owing to the constant shaking of
hands. The felon was extremely painful,
and -Dr. Rixey was compelled to lance it
twice. That afforded Mrs. McKinley con
siderable relief,- but the" suffering," to
gether .with the excitement resulting from
the long Journey and the receptions, re
quires that she have complete rest.
"It is not true that there was any dan
ger of blood-poisoning, nor' that Mrs. Mc-
Kinley was placed under-the influenceof
opiates ¦ to • allay ¦ the pain. * Some- opiates
were possibly used when the hand was
lanced. The > President desires that, all
publicity be given as to the exact.condi
tion of Mrs. McKinley, and that these
alarming rumors be denied. : , . ¦ • .
"Mrs.-. McKinley has stood the trip from.
Monterey better than was expected, and
she is now resting eapler. Local applica
tions-to her hand are now being made,
and Dr. Rixey -has not lanced it again.
, "The i President hopes to : be able to
carry out all-* his engagements in this
city and to go to San Jose in the morn
ing. Unless there Is sL sudden change In
the condition of Mrs. McKinley, the
President will be in San Jose to-morrow."
Dr. Hirschfelder and Dr. Rixev were in
consultation until 9 o'clock last evening
and no change was decided upon as to
the treatment of Mrs, McKlnley. It was
reported that she was restine comfort
ably, and with rest would soon regain her
health. The doctors also reported that
the bone felon on ,Mrs.. McKinley's hand
was healing nicely.
During the evening General Shatter, ac
companied by Captain Eugene T. Wilson,
hi* nid, called at the Scott residence and
were received by th« President. Irving
M. Scott and Mayor Phelan were also re
ceived by the President.
Dr. Hlrschfrlder left the house shortly
before 10 p. m., and after that hour or
ders were issued that no ono waa to b«
allowed to enter. The police and detective
guards kept their Important vigil during
the nlsht.
S, tearner Princess Louise Is Safe.
v VANCOUVER. B. C. May 11.— The
steamer Princess ' Louise, which ran
ashore. on the: rocks of Thornmanby Isl
and at midnight on Friday, managed to
get off at high tide. and returned to this
port to-day. , She is apparently little the
worse for the accident, but will go Into
drydock for examination. '
Though the Automobile Club of Califor
nia will take no official part in the Car
nival of Roses at San Jose, there will- be.
a goodly gathering of automobillsts in the
Garden City during the stay of the Presi
dential party. The following well-known
chauffeurs left this city for San Jose yes
terday:' P. F. and Mrs. Rockett, I*. H.
and Airs. Johnson, H. H. and Mrs. Dana.
A. and Mrs. Aiken. To-day several more
self-propelled vehicles will make the trip,
to San Jose, among them being George P.'
Moore's surrey and Miles T. Balrd's run
about. George P. Moore himself will 'go
down from Oakland in a single racing rig,
with which he expects to capture the first
prize In the three-mile automobile race.
Dr. Clark of San Leandro starts to-mor
row morning. P. F. Rockett. George P.
Moore and Miles T. Baird will take part
in the automobile races to be held at San
Jose on Tuesday afternoon. The chauf.
feurs will be the guests of the wheelmen
during their stay, and excellent arrange
ments have been made for storing and
taking care of the vehicles. Other chauf
feurs who will probably take part in Tues
day morning's parade are W. H. 1 Webb,
F. A. Hyde. W. H. Kellogg, J. P. Ed
wards and Fred Ward from San Francis
co; W. H. Taylor. Dr. J. F. Lilley, Earle
C. Anthony, Colonel Cotton. J. Lund
blaum and William Mohr from Oakland
and Mount Eden. Most of the chauffeurs
will come back from San Jose to-morrow
afternoon In time for the celebration In
San Francisco on the following day.
Love never finds a burden too heavy for
it to tackle.
Start for the Garden City.
CHATTFFETJBS TO TAKE PART.
Members of the Automobile Club
Fortunately the news was exaggerated.
Mrs. McKlnley for the past three days
has suffered from a felon on the flrft fin
ger of her right hand and the severe pain,
added to her delicate state of health, re
sulted in a nervous collapse.
Felon Causes Excessive Pain.
Tbe exact cause cf the felon on the
hand of Mrs. McKinley is not known. It
Is thought that she either injured- her
hand while on the train or that owing to
the bankshaking she did in Los Angeles
the rings she wore were pressed into her
fingers. On Saturday Dr. Rixey was com
relled to lance the hand twice. This af
forded relief, but the Intense pain toid
sadly on Mrs. McKlnley's nervous system
and at midnight she was reported to be
in a serious condition.
President McKinley decided yesterday
morning that he would bring his wife to
San Francisco, where she could secure
rest and be free from the excitement at
tending the progress of the Presidential
party. Tho week's visit scheduled for this
city would enable the President to be near
to ilrs. McKinley and at the same time
take part in the various functions on the
programme for this week.
A special train was accordingly ordered
by Private Secretary Cortelyou, and at 12:43
p. m. the start waa made for Monterey.
The train consisted ct the President's car.
"Olympia," a Pullman coach and a bag
gape car. Accompanying the President
and Mrs. McKlnley were Mr. and Mrs.
Cortelyou, Henry T. Scott, Laurence
Been, Miss Barber, Dr. Rixey, Secret Ser
vice Agent G. F. Fester, and the Presi
dent's servants.
Along the line the coming of the Presi
dent and hla wife was kept secret an.I
very few were aware of the identity of
those who occupied the cars until the
train had passed and sped on its way to
San Francisco. . ' •
Hurried Trip Kept v Secret-
The railroad company took every pre
caution to prevent the congregation of
crowds of sightseers, and station agents
were warned not to give any information
out to the Tvublie. ¦ •
When the. official news reached San
Francisco that President McKlnley and
his wife were en route to this city, mes
nengcrs and telephone communications
were dispatched in ell directions.
One of the first to be notified was Chief
of Police Sullivan and he at once took
Fteps to guard the safety of the distin
guished party. In a short space of timd
ihe entire Police Department was In
formed of the coming of the Presidential
train and nicked men were hastily rent
to the depot at Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets, where the travelers were to alight.
The President's train made a reconl run
and et a few minutes before 4 p. m. the
shrill whistle of the locomotive heralded
the oncoming: of the head of the nation.
Irving M. Scott, Mayor Phelan, General
Warfield. Surveyor of the Port J. S. Spear
Jr. and Mrs. Spear and James R. Dunn,
CKief of th* Chinese Bureau, all of whom
are personal friends of the President,
drove up to the depot within the hour i>re-.
ceding the arrival of the special trsiln.
Chief of Police Sullivan himself tcck
charge of the arrangements at the depot
and. aided by Cantain WIttman, Captain
Spillane. Lieutenant Ancerson and Ser
p-eants Shea and Ellis, placed the thirty
police officers so as to prevent intrusion
on the Presidential rarty. About 1500
people had congregated at the depot, hut
the police kept all but a few privileged
persons at a distance from the track.
Only those mentioned above and the press
representatives were allowed on the plat
form.
President Prevents Cheering.
At one minute before 4 p. m. the train
carrying the President and his wife grli\>u
into the station. The carriage of Henty
T. Scott was driven close up to the rear
steps of the car "Olympla" and in a few
minutes President McKinley appeared on
the platform. A cheer rent the air. but
the President quickly raised his hand end
motioned for silence. The desire to ex
tend a welcome to the chief executive was
6ubdued by the knowledge that he was
present not in his official capacity but
simply as a husband solicitous for the
comfort of a stricken wife.
There was no official greeting to Presi
dent McKinley. He did not even shake
the hand of a single person, distinguished
or otherwise, who stood near the steps
of his private car.
The President looked pale and haggard
and his features betrayed the solicitude
which he felt. Those, who had looked for
ward to welcoming President and Mrs.
McKinley with lusty Bhouts when they
reached San Francisco stood mute and
sorrowful as Mrs. McKinley was "carried
in a chair from the inside of the car to
the platform. The President entered the
carriage as the colored attendants lifted
their orecious burden close to the. steps.
He clapped his arms arour.d the body cf
his wife and. aided by Dr. Rixey, placed
the frail lady In the carriage.
Saw Sweet Pallid Face.
Only a privileged few were close enough
to secure a view of Mrs. McKinley. They
simply saw a stricken woman for a few
seconds, eo quickly was the transfer from
the car to the carriage made. They saw
a face of angeiio sweetness, sorrowful in
its expression and pale as the color of the
lilies. They saw the eyes of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley with the light of love in them. as
they rested on the face of her husband.
As soon as Mrs. McKinley was placed In
the carriage, the President placed his arm
around his wife and drew her head down
upon his shoulder. Dr. Rixey jumped in
and dr«w down the blinds, and the word
to start was given. Mounted- police offi
cers J. Kelly, J. N. Berrle, C. Arelanes
and J. de la Guerre wheeled in position,
on each side of the carriage, which' was
driven slowly through the silent crowds.
Hats were respectfully removed, and the
wishes of the President were respected,
in that none forgot himself and cheered.
In order to avoid attracting attention,
the rest of the Presidential party drove by
a' different route from that taken by the
carriage bearing President and Mrs, Mc-
Kinley to the residence of Henry T. Scott
at Laguna and Clay streets. From the
depot the President's carriage proceeded
to Twelfth street, to Market street, across
Market «trtet to Van Ness avenue, to
Hut-li, to Gough, to Washington, to La
guna and to Clay street, to tho Scott resi
dence.
Thousands of persons saw the carriage
with its police escort pass along and like
wild-fire tha news of the arrival of the
President and his wife spread all over the
city.
Ahead of the President'* carriage drove
Chief of Pollen Sullivan and Captain Witt
man, followed by Secret Service Agent
KoMi-r, nnd nil along the route to tho
Scott residence, carriage" and vehicles
were warned axlde and car* forced to atop
at all crowing*.
Scott Residence Ii Beached.
Mr. and Mm. Hrnry T. Scott and floero
titry nnd Mm. Cortclyou reached tho Hcott
rcKidrnro it h end of the l'rp«Ulent'n cur*
rl<i*<». A ndund of nolle* ofllcom hnd been
detailed to tho *pot by Ohirf Sullivan, nnil
the crowd of 200 people were kept at a dls
tninT from tho house. When tho cnrrlngo
bearing the President and his wlfo drew
up tit tho iiiiiln doom of the Hcott rcal
(Ini'c, a Blight attempt at encoring was
instantly chocked by Henry T. Scott, who
rtlH'd his hand and motioned for Bilnncs.
The President on alighting from his car
i Ripe, rained bin hat In acknowledgment
of the cheers that reached his ears, but
instantly turned to tuiperlntoftd the re
moval of Mm. McKlnley from the vehicle.
The colored attendants of the President,
who had driven ahead to the Scott resi
dence, had prepared a bamboo chair with
cushions, and it was placed close to the
carriage. The President and Dr. Rixey.
with the aid of the attendants, removed
Mrs. McKlnley from the carriage to the
chair, and the attendants then carried her
Into the house. President McKinley walk
ed by the side of the chair and his face
was extremely sad and wan. Not a word
was uttered as Mrs. McKinley was con
veyed Into the house. ...!•¦
Police Guard Chief Executive.
A detail of police officers and detectives
were on duty around the Scott residence.
No one will be allowed to disturb the
quietude so necessary for Mrs. McKinley.
Secret Service Agent Foster, who is re
sponsible for the President's safety, will
be constantly, on duty, and the police,
guard will be maintained day and night.
When Mrs. McKinley was taken into
the Scott residence she was at -once con
veyed to the room upstairs reserved for
her. *
Dr. Joseph O. Hirschfelder, the family
physician of Henry. T. Scott, wag request
ed to be at the house previous to the ar
rival of the President, and, the services
of two trained nurses were also secured.
'Secretary Cortelyou received a repre-
j arrangements of the day were overturned
because of It. Yesterday afternoon she
was still weak, and last evening she
fainted in her room, and for several hour3
serious alarm was felt for her safety. So
when a hasty wire was sent to Pacific
Grove this morning ordering the Presi
dent s engine to make steam and come to
i Del MtrHte at once, and it became known
. that the President and his wife were go
; ing to San Francisco, it caused no aston
1 ishment, although it was altogether unex
' pected.
It was the advice of Dr. Rixey that Mrs.
McKinley be sent where she could enjoy
8. long and uninterrupted rest with her
¦husband near her, and so it was decided
to send her to the Scott house, where for
a J week the President will reside, and
there let her gather health and strength
for the home journey. There is quietude
enough and room to spare at Del Monte,
but the President would upset all ar
rangements did he remain here as long:
as would be necessary for Mrs. McKinley
to recuperate, and so, as she could stand
the trip, it was thought best to send her
on to the city. Besides, it was believed
that by* special trips from San Francisco
to localities. scheduled for a visit on the
itinerary the President could be present
and still return frequently to his wife's
bedside.
No Visit to Santa Cruz.
At first it was announced that the Pres
ident would return to Del Monte this
evening, but this was later corrected.
Then it was announced that he would not
leave the city at all, but this, too, was
corrected, and to-night it Is announced
here that the President would be at tha
Burlingame luncheon, and If Mrs. McKln
ley had Improved sufficiently to make tho
President content to leave her he would
be ct San Jose. This leaves the visit to
Santa Cruz out. It may be that Mrs. Mc-
Klnley will be bo Improved that the
President will reach there, but the prob
ability is that he will not make the trip.
Telegrams received this evening by varl
lous members of the party announce that
Mrs. McKlnley stood the trip well, and
that she la much better.
The President Intended to attend church
in Pacific Grove this morning, but when
tho hour for the service arrived the pas
tor, Rev. Dr. Klrby. was informed that
the President could not make the trip to
Pacific Grove, as he would not leave Mrs.
McKlnley, and so the services proceeded
without him. At the same time.- however,
the report got around that the President 3
engine had been ordered to Del Monto
from where It was sidetracked at Pacific
Grove, and every one guessed the reason.
The President's car and the combination
car were detached from the train find
were made ready for the flying trip north
ward. It was decided that the party
should be made up of President and Mrs.
McKinley. Secretary Cortelyou. Dr..Rtx
ey, Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mls3
Barber and Laurence Scott.
Departure From Del Monte.
There was much hurrying and running
about, and the hotel was In confusion for
some time after the departure had been
announced. Mrs. McKlnley was made
ready for the Journey with as much dls
patctv as possible, and was carried down
to the entrance reserved for the President,
¦where the carriage was waiting. She was
very weak, but fully sensible /of her sur
roundings and able to appreciate what
was being done for her.
The horses had been taken from the
carriage s6 that no sudden start should
occur while she was being made comfort
able. Then the carriage was driven to the
station, the horses were unhitched again
and the sick woman was carried to her
room in the President's car.
The President stood by her while she
was • belns taken from the carriage, and
he walked beside her, holding her hand,
while she was carried to the car. He came
out on the rear platform and raised his
hat to the few people who had come to
the station, and disappeared, and a min
ute, after ' the rails were slng-lns: under
,'the cars as they sped on to the city.
"The departure' of the tram leaves Sec
retary Hay as the leader of the Presiden
tial party, and the absence of Secretary
Cortelyou leaves his . duties relating to
the party In the hands of Assistant Secre
tary Barnes. The train will follow the
Itinerary originally laid out as far as San
Francisco. If at the end of the week In
San Francisco the President's wife is able
to travel the remainder of the Itinerary
will be carried out. but It may be that the
trip north will -have to;. .be cut out alto
gether, and that the train will run back
to "Washington direct from ' the Golden
Gate. '
Continued from First Page.
PR£SIDENT REACHES SAN FRANCISCO
DEL MONTE, May 12.— Private telegrams received here
state that Mrs. McKinley is all right ag^in; and that the Pacific
Coast trip as planned will, not be interfered with. •
TRIP WILL BE MADE AS PLANNED
MRS. McKINLEY BETTER AND TRIP IS SAFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt. MONDAY, MAY 13, 1901.
i DEPARTURE SOT SURPRISE TO PARTY
Continued . from First Page.
2
THE DAY'S DEAD.
If loss of sleep means loss of beauty tha
average man must be troubled with In-
somnia,
What the average man needs is some-
body who will • make ' him " ' do; the ' best : he
can,. ¦ • ' ¦ ¦ •. '¦ ¦ ¦". ••¦¦• .-¦.-¦¦SNAPSHOT SCENES AT FAMOUS MONTEREY AND PACIFIC GROVE DURING THE STAY OF THE PRESI
DENTIAL PARTY ON THE HISTORIC GROUND WHILE ON THE JOURNEY TO THIS CITY AND THE
NAVAL AID OF THE PRESIDENT. \ ,
The matter, however, will be brought to
the • attention • of the President himself,
and should he decide to accede to the re-
Although the residents of Vallejo and
the workmen at the navy yard are most
desirous- of having the President visit
them, the local committee having the re
ception of the .fresldent in charge has
not looked with favor on any change In
their original plans.
may visit Vallejo and Mare Island Navy
Yard during this week.
quest of the residents of Vallejo and the
Mare Island workmen-, - the local commit
tee of reception will . be asked to arrange
the trip. • ->..,'L
A recent trial at Fort Myer, Virginia,
was to test the relative merits of khaki
colored and blue flannel shirts for sol
diers. While no decision was reached. -It
was found that the khaki shirt is well
adapted for field service similar. to that
in the Philippines.
Distinguished Personages Who Accompany the Chief Executive
of the Nation on His Western Tour Enjoy a Delightful
Day in Sight of Quiet Sands and Seas.
NAVY-YARD MAY
pHYET BE VISITED
and stenographers scattered over the
country and reassembled only at the din
ner hour. This evening every one Is to
go to\ bed early to make ready for the
start to-morrow morning.
It Is possible that President McKinley
Tirst Street Fair in the Southern Cali
fornia To-ara. Will Open Auspi-
ciously To-Morrow.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 12.— San Eer
nadino's first street fair and the seventh
annual fair of the Twenty-eighth Agricul
tural District, will open Tuesday and close
Saturday of this week. Already the city
has donned Its holiday garb. In the busi
ness section on Third street, from D to
F streets, and on D and E streets, the
colors adopted for the carnival, red, whit©
and orange, axe much In evidence, and the
effect is strikingly beautiful.
The opening exercises will consist of the
coronation, of the queen Tuesday evening,
followed by the queen's ball at tho pavil
ion.
QUEEN" TO BE CROWNED
HT SAN BEBHAEDrN'O
California. The programme of the carni
val Is as follows:
Monday, May 13, 8 a. m.— Drive of Ohio del
egation through the valley.
2:30 v. m.— Arrival of President and party.
Address of welcome at the .depot by Mayor
Martin. Director General Greenlnger takes the
party In hand and carria?es will convey them
to St. James Park. Tha President will be es
corted by a delegation of Grand . Army men,
headed by a band.
3 p. 'm.— Presentation of mammoth bouquet to
the President by Mrs. E. O. Smith, assisted
by a number of young ladies. .
3:15 d. m. — President conducted to the re
viewing stand, where he will address the peo
ple. .
3:30 p. m.— President and party will be taken
on a drive through the valley.
. 5:15 p. m.— Party - driven to the Vendome Ho
tel, where the President v/111 dine. -
-.7:30 d. m.— Reception to GovernorlNash and
staff at the Courthouse.
8:30 d. m.— Reception to the President and
Cabinet members at • the Vendome.
¦ 8 r>. ; m. — Band concerts at St. James Park
and at the Hotel Vendome: grounds. .
(AS p." m/— Fireworks at City-Hall.
'Tuesday, May ; 14,' 8:30 -a.y m.— Signals on fire
alarm, for all floats to be In line preparatory
for the parade. 1/ - . ."--••!;.,:.' •
9 a, m.— Parade of floats.' .. The procession will
move fro™ * .t coT.er of Santa Clara and Mar
ket'Streets promptly at 9. o'clock;
-", 9 a," m. — President drivan to a' position at the
head of the parade. Upon reaching: St. James
Park • he . will be escorted -to -the stand from
which he will review. the procession.
¦ 10:30 -%. m. — President escorted to the depot.
S' AN JOSE, May 12.— All over Santa
Clara County this evening flow
ers are being picked and prepared
for the people's tribute to Presi
dent McKinley and party. . No
section of the valley is lagging,
from the woodmen's cabin on the
hillside, where the mass of evergreen
boughs are being cut for the streets, to
the orchard and valley homes, where
roses, sweet -peas and callas have been
carefully cultivated for the past few
months. Tons of flowers will come into
the city at daylight and the hands of ar
tistic matrons and young ladies will twine
these in place. The President's mammoth
bouquet is the pride of the ladies and- for
this about 3000 of the choicest bunches of
flowers are being prepared. This must be
done before noon and then : all will be in
readiness to receive the Presidential party
to-morrow. , . . ' ;
San Jose presented a gala appearance
to-day. Many visitors have already ar
rived. The decorations are being added
to and hundreds of large . American flags
are displayed all over town." The-pro
gramme for the . three days' ,; celebration
is an excellent one. Besides being, a" regal
reception to the -President it will be the
greatest ; floral', show ever; held in .Centril
2 p. m.— Band concert In St. James Park.
2 p. m.— Bicycle races at Cyclers' Park on
the Alameda.
2:30 p. m. — Automobile races at the racetrack
In Agricultural Park.
7:30 p. m.— Illuminated bicycle parade.
8 p. m.— Illustrated band concert.
8:30 p. m.— "Wheelmen's ball at th» pavilion.
"W>dnesday, May 15, 10 a, m. — Bond concert
at St. James Park.
2 p. m.— Band concert at St. James Park.
8 p. m.— Parade of antiques and horribles.
Bountiful Springtime Blooms of Flowerful Santa Clara. Valley Are
Gathered From Highland and Lowland Gardens as Tribute
of Welcome to Nation's Chief.
DEL MONTE. May 12.-It was
planned that the Sunday at Del
Monte should be a quiet . one,
and so far as events of enter
tainment went, it was so. Th-i
morning was broken by the de
parture, but by afternoon the
Sunday cairn had laid hold of the party
and each sought rest and recreation In his
own way.
Charles A. Moore went for a ride with
Mr. Kruttschnitt. inking- in all that was
seeable in the vicinity. Secretary Wilson,
lured by his agricultural instincts, took to
the hotel gTounds and investigated every
variety of tree, plant and shrub he could
find. He returned amazed and bewildered,
for there is not m-^ch in the way of plant
life that cannot be found somewhere in
the Del Monte park.
Secretary Hitchcock also went sight-see
ing on foot. and added much to his store
of knowledge by a practical investigation
of the possibilities of western soil. Ad
miral Melville started for a ride, but he
would not leave the bay shore. He has
b*?en so Ions out of sight of water that he
Fpent his afternoon on the sands and
watched the waves come In. He looked
out over the place where, fathoms deep.
He the bones of the old Natalie. She is
supposed to be the ship that carried Na
poleon back from his exile to Elba, and
so was of interest to the old seaman.
There are glass bottomed boats through
which peonle can look far down into ths
depths, and a favorite trip is to row out
In one of these over the grave of the Na
talie and peer down through the clear
blue water at her rotting frame, but Ad
miral Melville did not take the trip. A
tranparent craft was too much of a new
one on him, so he stayed ashore. The
hull of the Natalie has lain in Monterey
Bay for seventy years.
Secretary Long disappeared for a good
portion of the day, and. visited some of
the places of interest in the vicinity be
fore he" returned. Postmaster-General
Smith took a drive and came back In time
for dinner, hungry and satisfied. Secre
tary Hay spent most of his day In his
room. He was not well and did not leave
the hotel.
The newspaper men of the party went
sight-seeing and there is not much In the
three localities. Del Monte. Monterey and
Pacific Grove, that did not come under
their notice. Some rode over to the bath
house In the morning and took a dtp, more
went to Pacific Grove, and others visited
Monterey. The ladies rode or sat In par
lor or on porch, and the bunch of clerks
The Cabinet Officers
See Wondrous
Sights.
THE SAN rKANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, MAY 13, 1901.
PRESIDENT'S PARTY RESTS AT DEL MONTE
3FLASHLIGHT PHOTOGRAPH OF GOVERNOR NASH OF OHIO AND HIS
PARTY AT THE CALIFORNIA THEATER LAST SATURDAY EVENING
AND SCENES OF DEPARTURE OF GUBERNATORIAL COMPANY FOR
SAN JOSE YESTERDAY. , '/•
The fifth Sunday contest of the San
Francisco Fly-Casting Club was held at
Stow Lake yesterday, with an unusually
large number of members present. In
spite of disagreeable weather excellent
scores were made in each event, the win
ners being Golcher in distance, Muller In
accuracy and Mansfield In delicacy. Tha
detailed scores follow:
Delicacy.
Lake for Distance and
Win the Fly-Casting Event at Stow
MTTLLER j^jy GOLCHER
/ CABBY OFF HO1TOBS
LEXINGTON. Ky.. May I2.-An unique
ceremony was witnessed in Lexington
Cemetery this afternoon at the grave of
Miss May L. Collins, a pretty Midway,
Ky., girl, who, with Samuel N. Putnam
of Chicago, president of the Free Thought
Congress of America, was found dead to
a room In an apartment house on St. Bo
tolph street in Boston on the night of De-
S?, m^ r ¥' 1 M9t The ceremony was con
5£ te & # y local socle "e3 of Infidels, and
ef M Speak 1S was 1>r - J - B - Wilson of
Cincinnati, president of the American Sec
thftiro™^°«V an * d on ? of the foremost free
thinkers of America, There were no
KS^«7'i bu i th ? ?rave was covered with
beautiful floral wreaths. Twenty-five
free thinkers gathered to participate and
hundreds of Christians looked on.
The young girl was a decided prodigy.
Before she was twelve years old she pro
pounded to Bible students questions which
they could not answer. She became a
JStf«Ji od J? ad Ju^ t J**™ the lecture
platform. Sh© was in her nineteenth year
& J?h°- tOn s *K e and her
friends say that because she was unac
companied by any western friend. Putnam
had accompanied her to her lodging place
and, while in earnest conversation before
parting, the gas, which had been turned
on in one burner while they were lighting
of^pfela^n! 81116 them *"* dled
Hold Services at Grave
of a Girl Free-
Thinker.
INFIDELS PAY
DEATH HOMAGE
CHILDBEN WITNESS CRUEL
JIUHDEB OF THEIB, MOTHER
Farmer Brains His Wife After Be-
peatedly Stabbing Her With
a Knife.
BLOOMINGTON, 111., May 12.-On a
farm near here Merritt Chism killed his
wife. As she was starting to church in
a buggy with the two little daughters of
Chism, her stepdaughters, a quarrel arcse.
Chism jumped into the buggy and with a
knife cut his wife's face and neck. He
then threw her Into the road, jumped upon
her and stabbed her repeatedly. Her son,
Harvey Freeland, aged 12, struck at
Chism with a baseball bat. Chism wrest
ed the bat from the lad and struck his
wife three times with it, smashing her
skull and dashing her brains out. He tried
again to stab the woman. Har%-ey cauRht
the hand in which was the knife. Chism
drew the knife through Harvey's hand,
almost severing the fingers, and then,
stabbed Harvey In the arm. Chism ried
atfross the field and tried to drown him
self in a well. The water was not deep
enough and he climbed out and went to
the house of a son, where he tried to
kill himself with a revolver. The son
prevented this and took Chism to Bloom
ingtqn, where he gave him up to the
Sheriff. Chism is 49 years old and one of
the wealthiest farmers in the county.
ELEVATED BAIL WAYS
TO BE CONSOLIDATED
Plan to Place the Several Chicago
Systems Under a Single i
Management.
NEW YORK. May 12.— The Times will
eay to-morrow: John J. Mitchell and C.
I. Blair, who control the elevated rail
road system in Chicago, are at the Wal
dorf-Astoria. These roads are the North
western elevated, the Lake-street ele
vated, the Metropolitan elevated, the
South Side elevated and the Union loop.
Charles T. Yerkes and Dr. H. Louder
back, who were largely Interested in the
roads, are also In town. It is proposed to
consolidate the four roads, and Mr. Loud
erback expresses the opinion that such
a consolidation will mean a saving of
$250,000 a year at least.
While here Messrs. Mitchell and Blair
will seek to bring about a reorganization
of the Colorado Fuel Company. A num
ber of other concerns, if is said, will be
taken into the new company.
Hoodlums Attack Carnival Arch.
SAN JOSE, May 12.— A couple of relig
ious fanatics, aided by half a dozen drunk
en hoodlums, tore a cross from the top of
the arch being erected at the corner of
First and St. John streets, by the resi
dents of Agnews District, this evening
and broke it over a post. This disgrace
ful episode of the carnival time was fol
lowed by a tour of the saloons by the par
ty, boasting of their Americanism. The
arch, which Is being constructed of white
roses, will represent a facade of an old
mission.
The St. Petersburg Herald thinks that
M. Delcasse, the French Foreign Minister
promised M. de Witte during his recent
visit here to secure the French financiers
for the loan. It is recalled, however, that
the Minister of Finance expressed a de
sire when M. Delcasse arrived in St
Petersburg that the American press
should be given to understand that a loan
was not involved.
ST. PETERSBURG, May 12.~The prin
cipal topic In St. Petersburg to-day was
the new loan which M. de Witte, Min
ister of Finance, has placed with the
Paris bankers, the various industries an
ticipating sufficient railway orders as a
result of the arrangement to permit a re
opening of the various works, many of
which have been closed, or have been
operating on a small scale.
WASHINGTON, May "12.-Many of the
pulpits of the city churches were filled to
| day and to-night by delegates to the an
i nual conference of Charities and Correc
tion, now being held in this city.
The conference sermon was preaced at
Epiphany Church by Rev. George Hodges,
dean of the Episcopal theological school
at Cambridge, Mass. The text was "The
Progress of Compassion." At other
churches "The Application of Religion to
the Social Problem" was discussed by the
following named clergymen: Rev. Wash
ington Gladden, at the Church of the
Covenant; Rabb'i Emll G. Hirsch of Chi
cago at the First Congregational; Rev.
.^f 3 R - Henderson of the University
of Chicago, at the First Baptist, and Rev.
Samuel G. Smith at the Metropolitan
At £. he ~ Fif teenth-street Presbvterian
Church Secretary James F. Jackson of
the State Board of Correction and Chari
ties of St. Paul, talked of charities or
ganization, and at Ryland Methodist Epis
copal Church Rev. M. Hastings Hart of
Chicago spoke of "The New Charity "
To-night, at the Congregational Church.
Dr. Hart delivered an address on "Child
Saving " and Timothy D. Hurley of Chi
cago told of the operations of the juvenile
court of that city.
At Foundry Methodist Episcopal Church
there was a special symposium on the
principles and methods of associated char
vf les - fl ft6€ n-rnlnute addresses being made
by Edward T. Devine. secretary of th»
£ eW S h^ lty Organization Society;
Rev. P. Bicknell. secretary of the Chicago
Bureau of Charities; Rev. Robert Trelt
Paine of Boston Associated Charities, and
SiJ« 8 Mary E Richmond, secretary of the
Uies P SocIety for Organizing Char!
?
GOOD RESUI/TS EXPECTED
FBOM RUSSIA'S NEW IXXA1T
Various industries Anticipate the Be
openiWg of Works Which Have
• Been Closed. \
Beligion to Social
Problems.
Preach Sermons on the Application, of
OONFEKEITCE DELEGATES
OCCUPY THE PULPITS
DETROIT, May 12.— Miss Dora McDon
ald of this city, who apparently died last
Friday, and whose condition was such
that her physician, Dr. George S. Field,
refused to pronounce her dead owinff to
uncertain signs of life about the body,
died to-day after being In a cataleptic
state for forty-three hours. From the
time when it is supposed death took pos
session of the body there were signs
which completely mystified the physi
cians and others called in for consulta
tion. Early to-day the watchers were
startled to observe a twitching of the
muscles of the body, beginning- at the neck
and continuing to the lower part of the
abdomen. It was hoped that she would
regain consciousness, but the convulsion
lasted but a short time, the warmth left
the body and unmistakable signs of death
appeared. Several hours later Dr Field
pronounced her dead. He ascribed the im
mediate cause to paralysis of the heart.
Woman Dies After Being
in a Trance for Many
Hours.
STRANGE CASE
OF CATALEPSY
INDIAN' APOLIS. Ind.. Mav 12.— While
William Phelps of Richmond. Ky., and
James Staplebury of this city were clean
ing the inside of an eight-foot upright
boiler at the Cerealine mills to-dav an
employe turned on the steam, believing
the cock was tight. It leaked and the
scalding steam poured in upon the two
men. The only exit was up a ladder. Both
leaped for the ladder. Phelps reached it
first, took one step and stopped. He
jumped aside and shouted: "You go first,
Jim; you are married."
Staplebury sprang up the ladder and es
caped with slight burns. Though Phelps
followed at his heels his act of heroism
cost him his life. Both men were beinff
cooked when Phelps jumped aside. By
the time he had followed Stapleburv tip
the ladder the flesh was dropping from his
limbs. He lived for two hours in great
agony.
"It was Jim's right to go first," said he
quietly. "He is married."
Phelps has been boarding at Staple
bury's house. Both men are colored.
dianapolis Meets a
Hero's Death.
Colored Laborer in In-
GIVES HIS LIFE
FOR A COMRADE
The visitors will be entertained In San
Jose by members of the Ohio Society, and
will be taken for drives if the Lick Ob
servatory trip has not lessened their en
thusiasm for that Fort of thing. They
will return to San Francisco this after
noon.
Congressmen Tompklns, Hildebrand and
Snook were the members who chose to
separate from the partv for the day. Con
gressman Hildebrand went to Sacramento
to visit friends, while Mr. and Mrs. Tomp
klns and Mr. Snook remained in San
Francisco. • '
Emmet Tompkins. the "man who beat
Lenz." is one of the most enthusiastic
members of the Congressional party. He
is an optimist and bubbles over with good
" .fellowship, and he deplores greatly that
there has been any bitterness or strained
relations between the Governor's party
and the Congressional party.
"We were glad to overtake the Gov
ernor and our friends from Ohio at Los
The Ohio Congressional party, with a
few exceptions, left yesterday morning at
10 o'clock for San Jose for a trip to Lick
Observatory. The early part of the night
•was to be spent at the observatory and
the return trip made in time for the par
ty to get a. few hours' rest before day
break.
Congressmen Anxious to Reciprocate for
Their Hospitable Reception.
Angeles," the Congressman said, "and
when we separated it was without any
bitterness or misunderstanding.
"We feel grateful to the railroad com
panies for the care and attention to our
comfort that have been shown since we
left Ohio. Here in San Francisco we are
looked after by a special committee from
the commercial bodies, and we are most
comfortably located. Our rooms at the
Pleasanton were decorated with flowers,
and early in the evening a basket of
choice fruit was sent to each room.
. "We feel gratified at this reception. We
had expected much because of your repu
tation for hospitality, and we have re
ceived more than we expected. Our stay
here promises to be one round of pleas
ure.
"Personally I appreciate greatly this
opportunity to study the "Western part of
our country, and I hope I shall be able
to learn something of its wants and pos
sibilities, so that as a member of Con
gress I may be able to help you. I feel
that this trip is not only a pleasure, but
a great object lesson. It must broaden a
man's views and impress him not only
with the extent of our country, but with
its resources as •well.
"I hope as a member of Congress I may
be able to reciprocate for the hospitality
I am enjoying here, and I know that ev
ery member of our party feels as I do."
OHIOANS STAR-GAZING
AT LICK OBSERVATORY
RECEPTION PLANS ARE NOT INTERRUPTED
Arizona Jury Decides That Engineer
McAllister Was Justified in Shoot
, - ing Former Associate.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., May 12.— J. W. Toho,
mechanical engineer at 1 the Empire mine,
on Groom Creek,' eight miles south of
Prescott, was shot and instantly killed by
another engineer named .McAllister last
night Yoho had become obnoxious to the
other men employed at the mine, and the
manager, anticipating trouble, discharged
him yesterday. ¦..•¦•- _¦-, .
Yoho seemed to blame McAllister for
getting the miners down on him and for
getting him discharged. He called at Mc-
Allister's room and asked him. to go down
the gulch with him and fight it out. Mc-
Allister declined, and after abusing him
Yoho drew a pistol and fired at him', but
?J is F?<K Just as he fired a second shot
McAllister, fired also, his ball taking effect
in Yoho s chest and resulting in almost
instantaneous death. Th© Coroner's Jury
rendered a verdict of justifiable homicide.
Both men are married and have families.
ESCAPES THE - BTJIiLET
AND TTTTrTfft ASSATLANT
Services Could Not Be Held, as the
Edifice Was/ Not Out of .
Debt.
FREDERICK, Md., May, 12.— The event
of the centennial celebration of the quad
rlennlal conference of the United Breth
ren in Christ, which was to have taken
place to-day, that of dedicating the new
Centennial Memorial Church,' on - Second
street, erected to perpetuate the memory
of Otterbein, Bohehrein and Newcomer,
the. founders of the church and Its first
Bishops, was postponed until next Sun
day. • The law of the church provides
that no church shall be consecrated un
less the debt has been paid in full or sat
isfactorily provided for.
. An extensive programme of interesting
exercises had been arranged for the occa
sion. The four.- Bishops and the entire
conference had assembled on the scene
and the edifice was crowded with worship
ers to witness the ceremonies, but after
a hasty consultation the Bishops decided
to postpone the dedication < until next
Sunday. However, rather than disappoint
the people the greater portion of the pro
gramme was carried out. To accommo
date the crowd services were also con
ducted in the Sunday-school room, pre
sided over by Bishop J. S. Mills of Den
ver.
Services were again held in the opera
house to-night. The pulpits of the various
Protestant churches of the city were filled
by the leading members of the conference
to-night. / .
BISHOPS POSTPONE .
CHUJACH DEDICATION
UTICA. N. T.; May 12.— Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Shaw of Chicago passed through
this city yesterday on an automobile tour
from New York to Chicago. Mr. Shaw
wagered $2000 that he could make the trip
in 144 hours' running time, and hones to
make it In 120 hours, or ten days of twerv*
hours each.
Automobile Racing' Against Time.
"Charles Blet'terman Elliott, the retired
general manager of the Cape Government
railways, has been appointed a commis
sioner to tour England, continental Eu
rope and the United States," says the
Cape Town correspondent of the Dally
Mall, "for the purpose of inquiring as to
the best systems of electric lighting, car
riages and other railway construction,
with a view to extensions. He is em
powered to order material and rolling
stock for the construction of the new light
railways." -
"At the beginning of the war had the
Boers fully realized their strength and
our unpreparedness we would have been
driven into Durban and Cape Town and
we would have presented the spectacle of
conquering South' Africa from the sea
coast." .< , . •
At a banquet of the Cornish Association
held in London last night General Pole-
Carew said: .
LONDON, May 12.— General Dewet, ac
cording to a dispatch to the Dally Mall
from Pretoria, has resumed operations
and is reported to. have crossed into the
Transvaal with 2000 men.
Boer Leader Enters the
> Transvaal With Two
Thousand Men.
DEWTE'S FORCE
AGAIN ACTIVE
ST. LOUIS, May 1Z— The six hundred
and more employes' of the brick and terra
cotta makers, who have been out on a
strike for an advance in wages, will re
turn to work Monday morninjr, their de
mands having been acceded to. The com
mon laborers will be paid $1 50 a day In
stead of $1 35, as formerly, and all skilled
laborers have been advanced 10 per cent
on their former pay.
¦
Lets Big Contracts for Locomotives.
NEW YORK, May 12.— The Interna
tional Power Company has Just closed an
order for a number of locomotives for
the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way calling for the entire capacity of Its
plant for the remainder of this year.
These locomotives will be built in Provi
dence, R. I., and Paterson, N. J.
Schooner and Crew Are Lost.
BERLIN. May 12.— The Hamburg Ma
rine Board declares that the Hamburg
schooner Arina, Captain Mack, has been
lost with her entire crew. The vessel left
Hamburg May 21, 1900, for Matupi, or
Henderson Island, in Blanche Bay, Ger
man New Britain, and has not been heard
of since.
Strikers Beturn to Work.
COLUMBUS, O., May 12.— The sovereign
camp. Woodmen of the World, will con
vene here Tuesday and continue in ses
sion ten days. There will be about 125
delegates , in attendance. The organiza
tion is now fourth among the fraternal
orders of the United States, and has sev
enteen camps established .in the Prov
ince of Ontario, Canada. The present
membership is about 130,000. A committee
appointed at the last convention to revise
the laws of the order has been in session
here the .past week and its report to the
sovereign camp will recommend many
radical changes.
Delegates to. Begin a Ten-Day Session
at Columbus on Tues
day.
WOODMEN'S SOVEREIGN
CAMP WTLI# CONVENE
BOSTON, May 12.— As a result of the
Textile Convention/which concluded its
sessions at the Quincy House to-day, 75,
000 men and women employed in the tex
tile Industries of North America will be
members of one great labor organization
to be known as the United Textile Work
ers of America. Representatives of the
International Union of Textile Workers
and the American Federation of Textile
Operatives were present, with James
Duncan, vice president of the American
Federation of Labor, acting as chairman.
Both organizations decided to amalga
mate and apply for a charter under . the
title named. After that is secured the
Mule Spinners' Union and the Loom Fix
ers' Union will affiliate themselves with
the organization, which will [.eventually
mean a membership of 300,000, and an ami
cable understanding between textile em
ployes in the North and South.
In the past the employes in the South
have been members of the International
Textile Workers, while the Northern op
eratives have been members of the Amer
ican Federation of Textile Operatives.
For a long time a union has been sought
by the officials of both.
Great Organization.
Will in Future Be Members of One
SAN JOSE, May 12.— Governor G. K.
Nash and his party of distinguished Ohlo
tfcis arrived this evening to attend the car
nival. A reception committee of the local
Ohio Society met them at the depot. Gov
ernor Nash, Misses Louise and Helen
Deshler, Private Secretary Sinks and Mrs.
agitation on the subject already has ben
efited them materially.
For prudential reasons the executive
committee has determined not at this
time to apply the strike order to the rail
roads. Whether it will done In the future
will depend altogether on developments.
TEXTILE OPERATIVES UNITE.
Ohio Congressmen Visit
Mount Hamilton and
Enjoy View of Valley
GOVERNOR NASH
IS IN SAN JOSE
The Ohio Congressional delegation ar
rived on a train this forenoon and made a
trip to Mount Hamilton. To-morrow
morning the Ohioans will be taken for a
drive about the orchards surrounding the
city and given an Italian breakfast at th©
Quito Olive farm. To-morrow afternoon
Governor Nash will be tendered a recep
tion at the Ohio Society's headquarters in
the Courthouse', which has been magnifi
cently decorated in honor/ of the Buckeye
Governor.
Sinks were taken In a four-in-hand to the
residence of S. F. Leib on the Alameda,
where they will be entertained during
their stay. The rest of the party went to
Hotels Vendome and St. James.
ticipating a most enjoyable week in San
Francisco.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— A general
strike, involving directly 150,000 machin
ists and indirectly 500,000 men in the met
al working trades, is expected to take
place on May 20 unless some arrangement
is effected in the meantime. This Is the
statement made to-night by President
James O'Connell of the International As
sociation of Machinists, who has head
quarters in this city. The demands of
the men, the refusal of which threatens
to precipitate the strike, . Mr. O'Connell
said, are a working day of nine hours and
an increase of 12% per cent In wages, or,
in other words, ten hours' pay for nine
hours' work. The matter, he said, has
been under consideration for some time,
and every effort has been made by the
machinists' association to avoid resorting
to a strike, .but such action, he says', is
now necessary if the workingmen' hope
to attain the end they are striving '.. for.
Some time ago, through the efforts of the
International Association and the Na
tional Trades Association, the employers
of about 25 per cent of the men who. will
be affected by the strike made I conces
sions by agreeing to a' general work day
of nine hours, which was to become oper
ative on May 20 of this year. The ques
tion of an increase of wages, however,
or Its equivalent, the granting -of ten
hours' pay for nine hours, remained un
settled. :
Yesterday the representatives of the
Metal Trades Association and the Nation
al Association of Machinists held a con
ference in New York, at which an attempt
was made to reach an agreement on the
wage matter, so that the strike proposed
for May 20 could be avoided. Mr. O'Con
nell, however, says that the employers re
fused to arbitrate the question of wages
nationally, but that they expressed a
willingness that this matter be settled by
employers locally, each individual . case to
be treated as such. This method is un
satisfactory to the -representatives of. the
Machinists' Association, who express the
opinion that this would prolong indefinite
ly the, settlement of the question. Upon
his return* to the city Mr. O'Connell
promptly prepared the order . for the
strike, and it was sent out by mail . to
day. 1 ,¦¦„'¦, . -¦-•.'
Mr. . O'Connell says that about 200 firms,
whose employes represent probably 20 per
cent of the 600,000. men who will be affected
by the proposed strike, have signed agree
ments, for the reduction in the. hours of
labor and the Increase of pay, so that the
GENERAL STRIKE
IS THREATENED
left them fatigued, and the opportunity
for rest was taken advantage of quite
generally by them.
Governor Gage, who arrived from Los
Angeles yesterday morning, called with
Adjutant General Seamans upon Governor
Nash at his rooms at the Palace Hotel.
The two Governors spent a pleasant half
hour together, establishing most cordial
relations. Governor Gage has announced
that he will attend the banquet to be
given by the Ohio Society Thursday
night, at which Governor Nash will be
one of the guests of honor.
The departure for San Jose by special
train was without fuss and feathers or
any excitement greater than that caused
by several members of the party missing
the train. The unfortunate ones will go
down to San Jose this morning in time to
catch up with the party and accompany
it on the trip to the big trees. .
R M. Green accompanied the Ohioans
The motorman was arrested, though
claiming to be without blame in the mat
ter.
Miss Mattie Debovlse sustained a se
vere contusion of the chest and hips, and
was the worst hurt among the injured.
The car itself was badly wrecked, but
none of the twenty-five passengers were
Injured.
The merrymakers were on their way
to a hotel ten miles away, where they
were to have a dance. They were all in
one wagon, the bottom of which had been
filled with straw. It was almost midnight
when they reached Dlstler's Hotel, on
the edge of Jamaica. When in front of
the house the driver of the wagon tried
to cross the tracks of a trolley line in
front of an approaching car. The car
struck the rear end of the wagon, and the
vehicle was demolished. Picket 'was
hurled into the air, and fell thirty feet
away, his head striking a fire hydrant.
Schneir was also thrown into the air, and
landed, head first, on the macadam pave
ment. Both died in a short time.
NEW YORK. May 12.— Of twenty-six
young people who started from College
Point, L. I., last night on what is locally
known as a "starlight ride," two were
carried home this morning dead, five are
in the hospital, four were allowed to
leave the hospital after having their
wounds dressed, and every one of the re
mainder was more or less bruised. A col
lision with a trolley car caused the acci
dent. The dead are Michael Schneir and
Joseph Picket.
An Electric Car Crashes
Into Party of Merry
Makers.
Sunday made a lull but not a stoppage
In the preparations for the reception of
McKlnley upon his return from San Jose
and his entrance to San Francisco as
President, willing and pleased to receive
the plaudits of his admiring countrymen.
Many forces of men were at •work, decor
ating business houses along the principal
streets and adding more and more to the
gala day appearance of the city.
Governor Gage has announced that he
will not attend the citizens' banquet on
Saturday night. He says that he regaids
the banquet as a purely local function,
without State significance, and as his
presence Is needed in Sacramento at that
time he will remain at the capital. He
will, however, attend the Ohio Society
banquet.
Plans have been formed for John I>.
Long, Secretary of the Navy, to visit
Mare Island Navy Yard Thursday. He
will be accompanied on the excursion
from San Francisco .by the Ohio Con
gressional and the California Con
fresslonal delegation. Joseph S. Spear Jr.,
urveyor of Customs, has placed at the
disposal of the party the revenue cutter
Golden Gate. The boat will leave Clay
street wharf «.t 8:30 a. m. and arrive at
Mare Island about 11 o'clock. Returning
from "Vallejo the members of the excur
sion party will reach this city in ample
time to prepare for the banquet of the
Ohio Society. Members of the Cabinet
other than Secretary Long have been In
vited to visit the navy yard and may ac
cept.
The acceptance of Secretary Long was
wired from the south. The purpose of
the proposed trip Is to afford the Secre
tary and the visiting Congressmen ample
PLEASURE RIDE
ENDS IN DEATH
opportunity to Inspect the navy yard.
The programme for the League of the
Cross Cadets* competitive drill at Mechan
ics' Pavilion Friday night wil lopen with
a concert by the Regimental Band, com
mencing at 7:30 o'clock. The regiment
will be drawn up in line of masses to re
ceive President McKlnley. who will act
as revlewine officer on the conclusion of
the formal greetings. After the review
will come the competitive drills. Guard
mount by Company D, saber drill by
Company K. and setting-up exercises by
Company C will alternate with the drill
by companies. The three companies to
compete with Company I>, the present
holder of the trophy, will be selected at
the try-out to be held to-night.
Four companies of marines and all the
bluejackets that can be spared will figure
in the parade to-morrow afternoon. They
will come from the battleships Iowa and
Wisconsin, cruiser Philadelphia and th©
Goat Island training station. To-morrow
evening the warships will be lit up with
electric lights and tiien they will drop out
of the celebration Cor a rew days.
Friday next the Iowa, "Wisconsin and
Philadelphia will go under steam and
after making a circuit of the bay will
anchor off the Union Iron Works. Satur
day, when the President starts for the
scene of the launching, a Presidential sa
lute will be fired and when he visits the
Iowa after the Ohio Is m the water an
other .salute will bo fired. Then should
the President board the "Wisconsin that
vessel also will salute and that will end
the naval part of th.2 demonstration.
Soon after the President leaves Califor
nia the Wisconsin will start for the
¥£??i ?°u, rellev ,? the Ore s°n. and the
Philadelphia will go to Samoa.
GOVERNOR NASH ot Ohio,
his staff and nearly all of
his party left at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon to' re
turn to San Jose, where
they will be entertained this
morning by members of, the
local Ohio Society. After a drive through
the Garden City they .will go to Santa
Cruz and see the big trees, and will re
turn to San Francisco to-night.
The forenoon of yesterday was spent In
restful inactivity by the Ohioan visitors.
The hurried journey northward, the
hearty reception in the Palace Hotel ro
tunda and the theater party following so
closely upon the heels of the reception
as a representative of the Ohio Society,
and General James M. Gleaves and Colo
nel W. H. Jordan, president and vice
president, respectively, of the Ohio So
ciety, plan to go down this morning and
return with the party to-night.
The special is scheduled to reach San
Francisco again this evening at 6 o'clock,
but the length of the trip to be taken
makes It improbable that it will arrive
before a much later hour. ¦
The Ohioans are immensely pleased
with the reception accorded them in San
Francisco. They say that not only has
the warmest of welcomes been accorded
them, but arrangements for their com
fort have been perfect. Their old neigh
bors and friends of the Ohio Society have
left nothing undone to, make them happy
and they will return from San Jose an-
Warships to Fire Salutes When President
Starts for the Launching.
LULL BUT NOT STOPPAGE
IN DECORATION OF CITY
GOVERNOR NASH AND PARTY LEAVE
FOR TRIP OF A DAY TO SOUTHWARD
• • ¦¦ ¦
Drive Through the Garden City and a Visit to Santa Cruz Big Trees
Attract Visitors Away From the Metropolis.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MA^ 13, 1«O1.
4
Machinists Still Insist
on Increase of
"Wages.
Is? It? I.
Event N& I,
Delicacy.
CONTESTANT, i
S? li 4 ?!
!
s
I
Brooks 100 92 88.4 78.8 S3.«
Brotherton 114 93.8 90.4 80.10 83 T
Daverkosen 106 87 92 63.4 SO 2
Everett 10« 83 87.3 80.10 84*
Golcher 127 93 91 75 83
Halght 87 88 84.4 T8.4 81.4
Huyck 96 91 93 73.4 83.8
Kenniff. B 95 88 87 w!lO 76J
KennllT R. 85 92.8 77.4 70.10 74*1
Klerulrf. W. 77 71.8 88.4 70 78
Klemlff T. 78 82.8 70.4 73-« 71.J
Mansfield 93 96.4 84.8 90.3
Muller 106 95 87 83.6 84 9
Smytho 85 92.8 79.3 85.11
Turner ... 90 87.4 91.4 74.2 82 9
Young: 97 91.4 90.4 78.4 84.4
Blade 80 73.4 69.8 73 72.4
Vogelsang 101 ., ;„*
Fpulks 89 81.8 83 65 74
Dlnkelaplel „ 87 82.4 73 74.1 73.X
Grant 107 89 .
geed 109 90.4 98.4 80.10 88.7
Heller 81 90 78 80.10 7S.5
Is? It? I.
Event N& I,
Delicacy.
CONTESTANT, i
S? li 4 ?!
!
s
I
Brooks 100 92 88.4 78.8 S3.«
Brotherton 114 93.8 90.4 80.10 83 T
Daverkosen 106 87 92 63.4 SO 2
Everett 10« 83 87.3 80.10 84*
Golcher 127 93 91 75 83
Halght 87 88 84.4 T8.4 81.4
Huyck 96 91 93 73.4 83.8
Kenniff. B 95 88 87 w!lO 76J
KennllT R. 85 92.8 77.4 70.10 74*1
Klerulrf. W. 77 71.8 88.4 70 78
Klemlff T. 78 82.8 70.4 73-« 71.J
Mansfield 93 96.4 84.8 90.3
Muller 106 95 87 83.6 84 9
Smytho 85 92.8 79.3 85.11
Turner ... 90 87.4 91.4 74.2 82 9
Young: 97 91.4 90.4 78.4 84.4
Blade 80 73.4 69.8 73 72.4
Vogelsang 101 ., ;„*
Fpulks 89 81.8 83 65 74
Dlnkelaplel „ 87 82.4 73 74.1 73.X
Grant 107 89 .
geed 109 90.4 98.4 80.10 88.7
Heller 81 90 78 80.10 7S.5
L is food for the worn-out nerves and the weary brain.' St
"I is a food for the over-taxed and weak digestion. It '
nourishes, fortifies and refreshes the whole system. "'" ' ."'- '
Sold by drpa^ts en guarantee. Pa, Miles Medical Oo, k ElkhirL. Inl
And grow' weak and exhausted when not ' properly nour
ished, just as an engine loses its power when the fuel runs low.
Tht loss of nervous power is Seen in the failing health and the
wasting form. It is felt in the aching head, the throbbing heart,
the irritability, indigestion, restlessness and loss of sleep Re;-
build the worn-out nerves, rest the tired brain and add new foci
to the vital fires with the best of all tonics, Dr. Miles* Nervine.
"I tras sick with typhoid and cjalarlal fever for threk
months, and after I recovered frobr that I was left* so
weak and nervous that I could not work. I fairly 1 shook
all over, and in eating I could hardly bold a fork steady
enough to feed myself. I started to take Dr. Miles' Nerv-
ine, and received Immediate benefits. Three bottles of It
cured me." T. m Eichabdsok, JC Alton, His.
indicates purity and perfection in brew-
ing. It has been used on more/*bottles
than any other label in the world. It is
found only on the famous bottling of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A. .
Brewers of the original Budwelser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black & Tan, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine.
Orders promptly filled by
/ E. G. LYONS COMPANY, Wholesale Dealers, SAN FRANCISCO. 'Best previous time over this relay— H. D.
Bean. B. C. AV., 28 :04 3-5. 1900.
The eighth relay went through without
a hitch, ending near Centerville. Here
the riders began to buck the afternoon
wind, and It was hard riding.
--- .EIGHTH RELAY.
Warm Springs to Two Miles North of Cen
. : .. terville.
INCIDENTAL TO THE ANNUAL HUNDRED-MILE BICYCLE RELAY RACE, WHICH WAS WON IN CLEVER
STYLE BY THE TEAM REPRESENTING THE GARDEN CITY WHEELMEN OF SAN JOSE. THE RACE
WAS WITNESSED BY A BIG CROWD OF SPECTATORS.
SECOND RELAY.
Sierra Point to San Mateo.
bunch at the finish in two minutes slower
time than his own record of 1898.
SECOND CLASS.
NINTH RELAY.
Ending on the Base of the San Leandro
I' . Triangle. :fl •
J. E. Hobson, the Olympic courier, rode
most of the ninth relay on a flat tire, but
that did not prevent his ride being the
fastest, and he would undoubtedly have
done much better under favorable condi
tions.
Best previous time over this relay— A. P.
Deacon, R. .A. C... 27:10, 1897.
"Trilby" Fowler, the Bay Citys' crack
trick rider, finished first at the end of the
third, although the Reliance Club man
made best time.
Juster having high score In this class
took $3. '¦
Debenham, Ireland and Hauer were tied
on twenty each, and a shoot-off, with the
original handicap prevailing, at ten birds,
resulted in the following scores: Deben
ham 8, Hauer 7 and Ireland 6, Debenham
winning second money, $4 50. •
Reed being high in this class, took first
money, $6.
THIRD CLASS.
Best previous time over this relay— Emll
Ulbrecht, B. C. AV... 29:10, 1895. - ..
Best ' previous time over this relay — E. P.
Barnes, G. C. AV., 23:06, 1899.
THIRD RELAY.
San Mateo to Seven-eighths of a Mile North
of Menlo Park.
OAKLAND. May 12.— The following
were prize winners at the Reliance Gun
Club's merchandise shoot to-day at Ala-
Young, Emigh, Du Bois, Hoyt, "Doc,"
Young, Emigh, Du Bois, Hoyt, "Doc"
Francis and Williams. Seaver donated his
prize to the club for a future shoot. The
trophy is a leather gun case and cleaning
set. , /
Following are the scores for the day:
rHIZES FOB GOOD
RELIANCE MARKSMEN
Wirjners and Scores at the Merchan
dise Shoot Which Is Held at'
Alameda Point.
FOURTH CLAS3.
FOURTH RELAY,
Menlo Park to One Mile South of Mountain
i \. View.
Nothing of note happened on the fourth,
save that the Garden- Citys here staited
the lead which they maintained to the end
of- the. race. ...... , .• .
Best -previous time over this relay— Louis
Smith. G. C. AV.. 26:00, 1893. , ".
TENTH RELAY. •
The Base of the . Triangrle to Central Avenue,
,:, S._ ¦'. Alameda.
Davidson and Russ started practically
together and kept in that position all the
way. sprinting the last few blocks, Da
vidson winning by a few Inches. A. C.
Bannister of the Reliance Club beat the
time of Davidson and Russ nearly ' a
minute, but could not makeup sufficient
lost ground to "win. Downlng's time for
the relay— 26:30— beat , the best prsvious
time for his relay nearly two minutes.
On the tenth and last Lace Downing
started for the Garden Citys over two
and a half minutes ahead of the Olympic
and Bay City men, and he Increased this
lead three minutes in the ten miles.: It
was common talk at the finish in Alameda
that he had been paced by his brother,
Hardy Downing/but none of the clubs
offered to prove the charge. He finished
alone and was roundly cheered for his
plucky ride. .. . ' ¦ - ¦
•Winning fourth money, $1 oO.
State championship. Yellowstone trophy:
twenty-five birds shot at— Fieh. 13: K^er. 13;
Howlett. 14; Debenham. 17. f
Fish was high for the month, with IS
breaks ta rjis credit. _ * ; i
SCHUMAKER HANDICAP. TROPHY.'
Twenty birds shot at. ten single and ' five
pair doubles; distance handicap.
' ... . FIFTH RELAY. '
Mountain View ; to Agricultural Hall, San
The' fastest ten miles of • the race -was
made on the fifth relay by J. E. Wing of
the Garden City Club-23:30-^beatlng the
record for the stretch some twentv • sec
onds. He left his next nearest competi
tor a minute and a half behind and beat
the Reliance man five minutes.
• Best previous time over ; this relay— D. E,
Francis,. G.C: W.,' 23:50,. 1900. . . ' J
Twenty birds shot at. in ten pair doubles;
distance handicap.
ALLEX HANDICAP GUN.
The last is the highest score In this
event for the day and griM^ Hauer a lead
of live birds for the season.
Sweeney record medal— Fish, 4; Debenham,
5; Swales. 13; Ireland. 5; Hauer. 11.
Second entry— Fish, 8; Swales. 5; Ireland, 16;
Hauer. 18.' '
• The last is • the highest score In this event
for the day and also for the season. ; '; . •
Best; previous time over this relay— Tony
Delmas, G. C. AV., 26:23, 1SD8.
*. FIRST RELAY.
Larkln and McAllister Streets to Sierra
Point.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 11, 1901.
Hon. J. G. Brick. President Board of Trus
tees, City of Alameda— Dear Sir: On May 12,
1901, five contestants will start from this city
on a bicycle relay race around tho bay of
San Fruncisco with a letter similar to this,
which will be in the possession of each I rider.
The one arriving first will deliver tho letter
to you. I trust you will seti fit to crown the
successful contestant and proclaim him victor.
Respectfully, JAMES D. PHELAN,
¦ . Mayor.!
The start was made at 9:06 from the cor
ner of Larkln and McAllister streets. The
accident to McDonald and Braun lost
them two minutes, though McDonald
made up a minute of this time before the
end of his relay. . - ¦
In relay races each club furnishes the
rider of the first relay with a leather
packet containing a letter from the Mayor
of this city to the President* 1 of the Board
of Trustees • of the city of Alameda, the
race being between San Francisco and
Alameda by way of San Jos». The letter
contained in these - packets yesterday
reads as follows: ,.
This was, fortunately, the only bad ac
cident of the race save on the first relay,
when C. L. Braun, California Club, col
lided with Arthur McDonald, Garden
City. Both fell and Braun suffered a
broken finger. . - ' ' ¦ ' - ¦.
An unfortunate spill at the tape nearly
resulted disastrously to the Olympic cour
ier's chances. K. F. Russ was riding the
tenth relay for this club, against Walter
J. Davidson of the Bay Citys. The Gar
den City rider had finished' over five min
utes ahead of them, and owing to the
friendly rivalry between the Bay Citys
and Olympics much interest was mani
fested as to which would finish second.
They came up the street neck and neck
for several blocks, and the crowd about
the finish rushed into the street until there
was only a narrow lane for the cyclists to
pass through. Russ hit some one with his
shoulder just at the tape, wobbled and
fell in a heap, Davidson getting by un
scathed. J. R. Kenna, Davidson's trailer,
was close behind and dashed Into the me
lee caused by Russ' accident. . Both Russ
and Kenna were considerably bruised and
their wheels were badly smashed.
San Francisco, Lace Downing
crossing the tape in Alameda five and a
half minutes ahead of his nearest com
petitor and breaking the coast record for
the distance by nearly four minutes, the
time for the hundred miles being 4 hours
42 minutes 30 seconds. The Bay City
Wheelmen were second and the Olympic
Wheelmen- third by a fifth of a second.
The Reliance Club was fourth and the
California Cycling Club fifth.
Year. Won by— Time.
1S93— Acme Club 5MS:51 2-5
1894— Garden City 5:22:21
1895— Bay City 4:56:37
1896— Bay City 4:56:12
1897— Bay City... 4:49:12
189*— Bay City 4:55-13
1899— Olympic Club.., 4:46:24 2-5
1900— Garden City 4:31:16 4-5
p-r|->aHE Garden City Wheelmen of San
I Jose won the ninth annual 100-mile
I relay race of the California Asso-
JX elated Cyclists around the bay of
PREVIOUS RELAY RACES.
Another record went: a-gllmmering 1 -' in
the sixth,' also •. by a Garden City ¦¦ rider.
Burton Downing-, brother of the Down
ing who \rode the- tenth for that ciub,
both being brothers to. Hardy Downing,
the crack professional. This gave the
Garden Citys nearly three minutes the
best of it, a "lead which they kept -with
little variation to the end. ;
SIXTH RELAY.
Best previous time over this relay— Gail Har
denbrook. G. C. C. 28:08, "1896. ' , .. ..
Durst shot at 14 birds and then, with
drew. " " '
Debenham scored 20.
Twenty being the score in this event for
the day and the only straight score mad*
In this event for the season.
SACRAMENTO, : May 12.— The Kimball
& "Upsons of this city and the Oroville
team played an interesting game to-day
resulting in- a victory for the local nine
by a score of 5 to 2. . Batteries. Harper and
White; Farrer and Hammond.
Good Game at Sacramento.
, LOS ANGELES, May 12.— The coursing
here to-day was excellent and was wit
nessed by about 1000 people. Jn the eight
dog championship stake. Hotfoot won the
final, beating Frosty Morn. In the forty
dog reserve stake, Twistem secured first
money by beating Angle Mac in the final.
Coursing at Los Angeles.
J.'' C. Nealon....... ...'. 21 21
J. Collins (champion).. .7 16
J. White and J.' Collins..... .....'.... 21 21
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton............. 19 is
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton.. 21 21 16 17 21
M. J. Kilgallon and R. Llnehan 13; 13 21 21 18
J : . McGlnty and G.. Green 21* 18 21
CLakln and C. Smith... 17 21 13
W. Maguire and E. White .?... 21 21 21
W.Walsh and G. Maguire.............. 16 20 13
W H Sieberst and "W. Fisher. 21 21 17 13 21
G.'B. Hay ward and M. Basch. 12 15 21 21' 19
G McDonald and P. McKinnon 21 21 21
P. Mclntyre and M. McLeod 17 IS 12
J. ; -!Clrby and D. Regan..' 21 21 11 14 21
E. Barry and J. Foley 20 12 31 21 Id
T Finn and J. McN'amara 21 18 21 21
J. Madden and P. Farrell... 13 21 15 20
W Williams and P. Hutchinson... 21 13 21 21
M.' Joyce and P. Kelly 18 21 12 19
The results of the handball games at
the San Francisco courts yesterday are
as follows: .
D Rodg-ers and P. McKinnon.. 21 21 20 17 21
M*. McNeil and M. McLeod 15 18 21 21 19
Handball Games.
First race— Searchlight. Saul of Tarsus,
FranU Woods.
Second race — Frank Bain. Autumn Time,
Flattered. ' „
Third race— Prlncer s Titania, Scallywag, Ma
resa. ? --«l'v\\
Fourth race— Headwater, Tellowtail, Sly.
I Fifth race— Gibraltar, Loconomo, Einstein.
Sixth race— Horton, Expedient Merops.
Probable Winners.
Sixth race — Ons mile and a sixteenth: four
year-olds and upward; selling.
<2415)Merops.. ;..:.. .1081 2420 Malay Ill
2439 Klckumbob .... 99! 2126 Expedient 104
('427)Horton 114: 2426 Pat Monissey..l08
2355 Montallade ....103 2427 Gauntlet 114
l2423)Parader 108
Fifth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; sellin™.
'409 Alicia HI 2415 Ostler Joe 116
2433 Bathos 112 2378 Moringa 113
'388 Nilgar 113 2423 Loconomo 113
2425 Gilbraltar 116 2428 Einstein 113
Fourth race— Six furlonsra: three-year-old3
and upward; purse.
(2430)Byron Rose 99 (2414)Headwater 114
'432 Hagerdon 114 2273 Yellowtail 112
2432 Sly.. «U2 .
is follows:
a half furlomrs; four
selling. *
2423 Frank Woods.. 112
2411 Saul of Tarsus-. 112
2428 Gold Finder.... 112
(2416)Searchlight ....112
2100 Onyx .107
2320 Katie Wolcott.103
and a half furlongs;
selling.
2393 Remele ...108
2387 Post Belle 103
2436 Col. Smith 103
23S7 Wander's Boy.. 105
2429 Flattered 1C8
22S5 Frank Bain 108
longs; three-year-olds;
I 2410 Follow Me.. 97
(2433)Wardman ,,.... 110
2434 Maresa ...VJ....U3
2428 Darlene .... 100
Racing at Oakland.
To-day's entries are i
First race— Five and
year-olds and upward;
2411 Young i Morello.llo
2374 King's Pal. 112
2307 Position 107
220S .Bagdad 112
2374 Hilary .112
2026 Lou Clieveden.110
Second race— Three
maiden two-year-olds;
.... Cathello 10."
2285 Dandy 108
2417 Autran Time.. .105
2027 The Maniac 108
2387 Clear Sky 105
2179 Hard Night... .105
Third race— Six fur
selling
2394 Dunfree ...102;
2434 Flatterer 105'
2431 Prln. Titania...lO5
22S4 Scallywag 971
MANY MARKSMEN
AT SHELL MOUND
Schuetzen Clubs Throng
the Ranges Until
Twilight. !•:
Interest Increases as Time
for Bund Festival
Approaches.
The" crack shots -were present In large
numbers at the Shell Mound ranges yes
terday, and all are showing increased en
thusiasm as the time for the shooting fes
tival draws near. The Swis* Rifle Club,
Independent Rifles, Germania Scheutzen
Club, San Francisco Scheutzen Verein.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club and
Norddeutscher* Scheutzen Club were the
organizations. which shot yesterday. Cap
tain F. A. Kuhls, president of the Nation
al Bund, was present observing the work
of the marksmen, and expressed himself
as well satisfied with the results. The
scores were as follows:
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
medal shoot— Champion, class. A. Pape 440;
first class. J. D. Heise 413; second class, A.
Jungblut 386; third class, D. Craig 355; fourth
class, T. Beuttler 373; first best shot. F. Bach
man 25; last best shot, B. Goetze 24. *
Swiss Rifle Club— Prizes for the monthly
bullseye shoot were won in the following, order:
A. Von Wyll. J. Lemann. A. Studer, P.^Croce,
J. Sheible, A. Gehret. J. Bachman. C. Bach
man, R. Hauser, F. Suter, A. Monottl, F.
Baumgartner. E. Suter. IX Lacroix, G. Grand-
Jean.
Swiss Rifle Club, monthly medal shoot —
Champion class. J. Leemann 396; first class.
R. Hauser 3S2; second class. A. Monotti 331;
third class, C. Bachmann 285.
Golden Gat© Rifle and Pistol Club, handicap—
A. B. Dorrell 220, 215. 226. 218, 220; A. Gehret
206, 203. 220. 213, 220; L. O. Rodgera 224; F. E.
Mason 225. 226: T>. B. Faktor 222, 223; F. P.
Schuster 21S. Gold medal— M. F. Blassa 196. B.
Jonas 212, 215. Silver medal— W. F. Blasse 1S1.
1ST; E. L. Riemenschnelder 193; M. J. Whit© 202.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— First champion class. F. P. Schuster 226.
224- second champion class, R. Stettin 206, 201;
first class. J. D. Heise 204, 195; second class.
L. Ritzau 209. 208; third class, William Doell
201. 175; first best shot. F. P. Schuster 24; last
best shot, L. Ritzau 25.-
Independent Rifles; monthly medal ¦ shoot—
B. V Bitlerr. 40; J. W. Nowdeska, 21: H.
Frederlckson, 22; G. Mitchell. 37; J. H. Peck.
31; H. Mitchell, 20; M. Barto. 13; E. Moennlng.
39; B. Hllken, 38: C. Herring. 32; J. Donovan.
19- H. Goetjen. 37: M. Moennlng. 23; H. Mazolf.
F H Saun. 37; M. Moennlng. 23: H. Mazolf.
39; G". Peterson, 21; A. Wolfgram, 26; Dr.
Melerdierks. 18.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal shoot— L. Thierbach, 1S3; A. Mocker. 235;
F Koch. 399; F. P. Schuster. 426- Captain John
Thode, 432; J. de Wit. 5S0; J, J>. Heise. 697;
A Hohmann, 643; J. Gefken. 716; G. White.
829; O. von Bostal, 940; "W. Doell, 1036;-£\
Rust. 11SS. ¦
Empire Club Shoot.
A large delegation of club members and
visiting sportsmen attended the regular
club shoot at Alameda Point yesterday,
and, conditions being favorable, several
fine, scores resulted. Reed made the best
average in the club championship medal
race for the month, with S3 breaks; in sev
eral other events he also did fine shooting.
Fish Is high gun for the day in the State
Championship Yellowstone trophy, and
for the Schumaker Handicap trophy
Hauer is again high for the month. For
the Allen Handicap Gun Debenham made
a straight score, shooting ten pairs of
doubles from the lS-yaxd mark without a
miss. Hauer made a phenomenal run of
eighteen straight for the Sweeney Record
medal, breaking five birds -from the 15
yard mark, five from the 18 and four pair
of doubles from the 20-yard mark. This
-was the best score in this event for the
day and also for the season.
The complete scores for the several
event3 follow:
Club championship, Dimond medal— Durst. 20;
Debenham, 17; LaMotte. 21: Cullen. 14; Swales.
18; Ireland 17; Howlett, 17; Balrd. 21; Juster,
14- Fish, 17; Reed, 23; Dr. Gere, 15; Allen,
20; Lambert. 22; Peltier, 13; Roman. 15;
Sweeney. 21; Gregg, 15; Durst, back score (1).
21; Howlett, back score, 16; Durst, back score,
20; Allen, back score. 15.
The* above scores also classified for the
money match, and the scores for the 515
divided among the several classes follow:
FIRST CLASS.
Twenty-five birds shot at. fifteen singles and
five doubles; distance handicap.
In anticipation of the grand tournamen^
which the California Inanimate Target'
Association will hold in this city during
the latter part of this month the local
trap shooters are indulging in earnest
practice. One of the best crowds of the
season wa3 . in attendance ' yesterday at
Ingleslde. and the interest and enthusi
asm of the marksmen were not allowed to
flag for an instant. . .
The birds were a strong lot, and fur
nished excellent sport. Only two, O. Feud
ner and Jackson, were able to secure a
clean score. Jackson got his straight
string while shooting a back score.
The contest for a. dinner between the
two teams, , one of which was composed
of O. Feudner, George Jackson and H. B.
Hosmer, and the other "W. J. Golcher,
Achille Roos and N. H. Neustadter, re
sulted in a victory for the former team.
Ed Feudner, brother of Otto and Fred,
shot at the traps yesterday, and fully sus
tained the reputation of the family. The
three brothers will enter in the three-men
team event durins the comins tourna
ment."
.A squad, composed of 'Wilson, Kleve
sahl, Bruns, Shultz, Karney and Fred
Feudner, which will also compete in the
tournament, in practice yesterday, lost
11 out of 150.
Olympic Club's live-bird scores:
• O. Feudner ...2 22222222222 2 2 2—15
W. J. Golcher 1 2 1 2 1 1 • 1 1 2 2 2 1 1 2— 14
A. Roos .212022 1»222 11 21—13
• George Jackson ....2 021122212121* 2—13
Neustadter ...10 1 2 1 »2 112*2011—12
• H. B. Hesmer 2 12*01111221212—13
VSlade" .ill 2 21122111110-14
R. Murdock 012 12 10 2*112122—13
S. Owens .12 2 1211*1111110—12
C. Shaw 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2222—15
P. Stone 1 2212212011111 1—14
P. Vernon 2 202 2002202 0 1 2 •— 9
M. E. Unger 0 2 2 2 2 211*12 112 1—13
Johnson 1 11*1211222111 1—14
W. G. Hoffman 1 • 0 1 2 0 0 2 0 00 1 1 0 %— 7
F. "W. King 22*222 111112111—14
W. C. Rosenberg. 0 "Withdrawn.
A. M. Shields 1111*12 2 112 10 21—13
Dr. Derby 1111*12 211210 2 1—13
J. Sweeney 0 2 2 12 12 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 0—13
C. A. Halght 22 2222 2*1112122—14
A. Well 1 1121222201111 1—14
• Back scores.
Jackson .......1 1221122212212 2—15
Murdock 2 12 2 2 12 2 2 1112 20—14
Vernon 1110 2 0 2 12 12 0 0 0 1—9
Stone 0 110*212 1020011—9
Unger 2 1111*11121212 2—14
Pool shoot, eight birds —
Rosenberg (withdrawn) 0 121
Shaw 2 2 2 2 2 0 2 2—7
Well ". 2 110 12 2 1—7
Shields (withdrawn) ..: *110
Halght 2 2 12 110 2—7
O. Feudner 2 2 2 2 2 0 12—7
• High guns divided the pool.
San Francisco Gun Club at the blue-rock
trap6— 25-blrd shoot, scores: W. E. llurdock
23, E. L. Forster 19, M. O. Feudner 25, F. King
25, E. Kerrlson 23, N. H. Neustadter 17,. R. C.
Rosenberg 19, Wilson 24,- Schulty 23. Klevesahl
24, Bruns 24, Karney 22, F. Feudner 22. Halght
21, Justlns 21, Well 21, Shields 21. Derby 20, .
Sweeney 17, Kerrison, back scores, 22 and 23;
Schultz, back scores, 24 and 25.
• Some cf the highest scores made during the
special open pool shoots— O. Feudner 24, C.
Shaw 20, Gordon 17, Well 14. Davis 20. Neu
stadter 20, King 23, Rosenberg 23, Shields 20.
Justlns 23, Weil 14, Wilson 23. Schultz 23, Klev
esahl 21. Sweeney 20, Bruns 21, Karney 21,
Feudner 23, Neustadter 16, Shields 23, O. Feud
ner 24, F. Feudner 24, Sweeney 22. Schultz 24,
Justins 22, Wilson 23. Klevesahl 23, Bruns ' 25,
Karney 22, Sweeney 20, Wilson 20, Bruns 21.
Klevesahl 19, O. Feudner 22. Wilson 20, Bruns
20, Justlns 19, E. Feudner 23, Karney 23, An
dres 12, Forster 24. -
Neustadter Grows Excited
and Looses Contest for
Dinner. S
TRAP-SHOOTERS
OUT IN FORCE
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Bowman, Hanlon. First base
on errors— Sacramento 2. Base on called balls-
Sacramento 4, Los Angeles 4.. Lett on bases-
Los Angreles *. Sacramento 8. ¦¦ Struck out — By
Stricklett 5. by Hale 2. Time of Kame — One
hour and forty-five minutes. Umpire—O'Con
nell. Official scorer— Caehman.
Householder, cf ...: 4 0 0 0 0 00
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 3 , 1 * 0
Rellly. 3b 2 0 2 0 1' 4 1
Brlseno. 2b 3 0 0 0.2 2 0
Bowman, If 3 0 10 1 0 0
Hale, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals .'. 27 0 3 0 24 12 2
SACRAMENTO
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, cf 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, S3 3 0 0 0 1' 0 0
Courtney. 2b 3 0 1 1 5 li 0
McLaugnlln. If ..... 3 0 0 0 10 0
Hanlon, lb 4 1 1 o 7 0 0
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Stanley, c 3 0 0 0 7 8 0
Sheehan, 3b 2 0 0 0 2 2 0
Stricklett, p 2 0 10 0 2 0
Totals 28 1 4 0 27 8 0
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 00000 000 0—4
Base hits 0 110 10 0 0 0—3
Sacramento 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 • 1
Base hits 11011000 • 1
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, rf 3 0 0 0 2 0 c . 0
Kelly, ea ..„.: 3000221
{ftchlBson. lb 3 0 0 0 13 0/0
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES. May 15.— Kelly and
Householder went after the same fly In
the fourth inning. Result: Kelly dropped
the ball and Sacramento scored the only
run of the game. Score:
SACRAMENTO SCORES AND*
WINS FROM LOS ANGELES
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. cf 4 2 112 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 5 13 0 12 3
Krug s s 5 0 0 0 3 3 1
Holland.' rf 5 1 2 0 2 0 1
Pab?t. lb * 1 0 0 9 0 1
Grahsm. c 2 1 0 0 3 1 1
Hordyke. If 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
.T. nellly. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Whalen. p 4 J> J> j> _1 _1 _1
Trtai. S6 6 7 1 24 9 8
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan. cf * 3 2 1 4 0 0
Strelb. lb 4 1 1 0 7 0 0
Moskiman. rf 4 2 1 0 5 0 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 1 1 0 2 1 1
nur.leavy. c f « 2 1 6 0 0
¦—:::: I S I S i I \
Babbitt, p J J^ 2. 1 — — -
Totals S4 9 8 2 27 8 3
RtJXS AXD HITS BT IXXIXGP
Fan Francisco 0 0 1 0 0 3 o 1 £-«
Pas* Hits 0 0 10 0 2 11 2—7
o a B ki^<j H ::::::::::....i © « • 3 • f « m
Base Hits 0 0 2 0 0 1 5 0 »-8
ECMMXRT
Rung, responsible for— "TChalen 2. Babbitt 3.
Threp-bape hits-Moskiman. Arrellanes. Two
basp hit? -Schwartz 2. Nordyke, Croll. Sacri
fice hit— Graham- FirFt base on errors— San
Francisco 2 Oakland 2. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 4. Oakland 2. Left on
bases— Fan Francisco 7. Oakland 5. Struck out
-By AVhalon 1. by Babbitt 3. Hit by pitcher—
Drennan. Streib. Passed ball— Dunleavy Wild
pitch-Babbitt. Time of game— 1 hour 50 min
utes. Umpire— J. Donohue. Official scorer— H.
SAN FRANCISCO.
This provoked so much excitement
among the native populace that a real,
rabid fanatic in the stand fell unconscious,
and as Dr. Moskiman was the sole medico
in the grounds the game was stopped un
til the sadder but wiser man revived un
der the doctor's attention. The score:
¦with the bags crowded Nordyke rolled
out a two-bagger, three runs resulting.
This tied the r-core. but only for a brief
period. In the seventh inning "Whalen
went to pieces. By local errors and a
Dude bombardment Held, Drennan, Mos
kiman, Babbitt and Arrellanes scored.
Moskiman and Arrellanes worked off
three-bag stunts in this inning.
SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB— RACE FROM VALLEJO TO SAUSALITO, MAY 12.
1301.
Errors and bunched hits were the un
wholesome features of the morning game
nt the Oakland grounds. In the sixth in
ning the local team came to the stick, and
Oakland 9, San Francisco 6.
Runs responsible for — Evans 2, Moskiman 3.
Home run — Francks. Three-base hit—
Pabst. Two-base hits— Schwartz 2. Holland.
Fir*=t base on errors — San Francisco .1, Oak
land 2. First base on called balls — San Fran
cisco 2. Oakland 2. Left on bases — San Fran
cisco 6, Oakland 7. Struck out — By Evans 4,
by MoFkiman 1. Double plays — Evans to
Schwartz to Pabst; Strelb to Moore. Passed
ball — Dunleavy. Umpire, Donohue. Official
scorer— McFarlin.
MORNING GAME.
SUMMARY.
San Francisco 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 2 0 3 0 10 2 0 0— S
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 2 0 0 110 2 1—7
Totals 33 2 7 0 27 12 1
RUNS AXD HITS BY IXNIXGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
r>T-er.na.n. cf 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Streib. lb 4 0 2 0 11 1 0
Moskiman. p 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Arrollanes, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 5 0
Dunleavy, c 4 1 1 0 3 1 O
Francks. e. s 4 1 2 0 3 1 1
Moore, Sb 3 0 10 2 0 0
Held, If 3 0 0 0 10 0
Xtusscll. rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals St 3 S 1 27 14 2
OAKLAND.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll. cf 3 13.0 2 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 1 306 2 0
Krus. s=. f 4 1 0 0 3 2 1
Holland, rf 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Pfcbct, lb 3 0 1 1 10 0 0
Graham, c 4 0 0 0 4 10
Nordyke. If 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Reilly. Sb. 4 0 0 0 0 5 1
Evans, p 4 0 00 0 3 0
SAX FRANCISCO.
Francks' home run was the only heavy
fire against Evsns' delivery. Some sensa
tional stick work was done by Croll, who
ihree times up made as many hits. The
score : *
The game began "with a run for the lo
cal team on a couple of hits. In the second
inning Dunlcavy reached the initial bag
<~<n a safe hit. and then Francks found one
to his liki::}r. putting it over the center
f.old fence. Oakland was happy then, but
not for long, for in the very next inning,
while Schwartz and Krug were on the
l>ags. Pab?t with his old-time stick abil
ity rolled out a three-bagger and two runs
were scored.
The game yesterday was full of snap
and Interest, and particularly so in the
ninth when Oakland was at the bat, the
score reading 3-2 against the Dudes. After
one man had perished Francks came to
the stick for a hit and went to second on
Moore's out. Then, following the advice
of Pabst, Evans gave free transportation
to Held, to take his chances with Russell,
who could do nothing with his curves. The
move was a wise one. Two outs, two men
on bases. Evans steadied and Russell
s-truck out.
Roy Evans, the new slab performer for
the "Wasps, bowed to the local fanatics
yesterday afternoon as he stepped into the
box for his first, game on local sod. His
work was of that quality which insures
success if It is sustained. At critical mo
ments he showed that he is made of
proper pitching stuff and that he is likely
to prove a stumbling block to opposing
batsmen.
San Francisco 3, Oakland 2.
Brummels/
"Wasps "Win Odd Game of the
Series From Ewing's
New Local Twirler Gains
Popular Favor by
Good Work.
EVANS' ARM IS
A GAME WINNER
Though the breeze was steady and mod
erately strong over nearly the whole dis
tance, the yachts that kept over to the
Marin shore after leaving Carquinez
Straits made the best of it, getting better
wind than those on the Contra Costa
shore. Off Hurricane Gulch at Old Sausa
lito some hard puffs came down, and one
of these capsized a sailing gig carrying
men from the United States steamer
Manning. The men, however, were quick
ly rescued by a boat from the steamer
McCulloch. The details of the race are
given in the table:
At 9 o'clock on Sundav, morning a blast
from Port Captain James Kitterman's
launch America was the signal for the
boats in class one of the San Francisco
Yacht Club to get ready. .This clasps In
cludes all beats having a racing length
not exceeding i.hirty-flve feet. The yachts
had ten minutes within which to cross the
starting line orawn across the straits
from the launch America to the receiving
ship Independence. Thetis was the first
to cross, and was followed by Siren,
Juanita, Cygnus and Catherine in the or
der named. The breeze was light at first
but freshened considerably, and as there
was no sea in San Pablo Bay and the
race was on an ebb tide the conditions
were unusually favorable to a fast race.
The sloop Thetis made the fastest time
in class one, but was beaten by Siren on
time allowance. The sloop Juanita made
good time, but not having been measured
her corrected time could not be calcu
lated. The prize flag accordingly went to
the sloop Siren, the corrected time of
which was 4 hours 1 minutes 11 seconds.
Thetis was second, Catherine third and
Cygnus fourth. The yawls Phyllis, Naiad
and Spray and the sloops Folly, Aeolus
and Surprise. did not start.
In class two, for yachts exceeding thir
ty-five feet in racing length, the schooner
Ramona and the sloops Nixie and Mischief
were the only s-tarters. The starting sig
nal for these was given at 9:50 a. m., the
boats having until 10 o'clock to cross the
line. Ramona crossed first, followed by
Mischief and Nixie. The sloop Nixie again
displayed her :;need, covering the twenty
six nautical miles in 3 hours 11 minutes 15
seconds actual time, or 2 hours 41 minutes
17 seconds corrected time. Nixie took the
prize flag in class two.
The race was under the management of
the regatta corr.mittee, consisting of Dr.
T. L. Hill, J. R. Savory and W. G. Mor
row, the first two going up to Valiejo
and the last remaining at Sausalito to
time the yachts as they finished across an
imaginary line drawn from the clubhouse
to a stakeboat anchored 400 yards off
shore, the stakeboat being left on the
starboard hand. Quite a little crowd of
spectators watched the finish from the
wharf and veranda of the clubhouse.
Nine boats of the San Francisco Yacht
Club cruised up from Sausalito to Valiejo
on Saturdayafternoon and evening and
raced down yesterday. The first, boat to
leave her Sausalito moorings on Saturday
was J. .R. Savory's sloop Juanlta at 3:05,
followed by T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnus at
3:25, and later by Commodore TV*. N. Mc-
Carthy's flagship Ramona, G. E. Billings'
sloop Nixie, Archie Sutherland's sloop
Catherine. Vice Commodore R. S. Bndg
man's sloop Thetis, G. T. S. White's sloop
Mischief and the sloop Siren. The fleet
had a fair wind to the entrance of Car
quinez Straits and a head wind up the
straits. A large number of Corinthian
yachts also lay at anchor off Valiejo,
among them being the flagship May, the
yawls Seven Bells and Kittiwake and the
sloops Harpoon, Emma, Edna, Amigo,
Nellie, Genesta, Iris, Speedwell, Aeolus,
Queen, Halcyon, Clara, Freda, Mist and
Ariel.
Siren Wins Prize Flag on
Account of Time
Allowance.
Makes Splendid Time in
Race From Valiejo
to Sausalito.
NIXIE SHOWS A
TURN OF SPEED
The Garden City , Club has always. put
Tony Delmas on the second relay, und he
lived up to his reputation, leading . the
Agricultural , Hall ,to , Alum Rock arid Jackson
. ;-• .. . - Avenues. ;
¦¦»¦'. A bill ¦ which has Just become .a • lawjbf
New York makes the .funeral expenses of
a deceased person payable from his estate
before any : other debts. Besides being . a
boon to undertakers, .this measure may
have • some effect in • encouraging - reason
able simplicity of funeral display.
The race was splendidly conducted, and
it-was no fault of the officials that the
spectators crowded .in the street at he
finish, upsetting Russ and Kenna. F. G.
Montealegre. chairman of the association
racing board, handled the. event, assisted
by E. B. Learning, referee; J. W. Leavitt,
starter; Charles Albert Adams, AV. Grif
fiths and' A. E. J. Nye, judges; T. G.
Spillane and James "Mullen, timers; and
George James, marshal. . . .
-At a 1 meeting. of . the racing board ¦: held
last night it- was announced that the 25
mlle handicap held by the association
about two months ago would be run over
again on Sunday, May 26. There. was con
siderable dispute about the. result and dis
tribution : of prizes and .the racing board
has ordered it . run over. •
There was a big concourse of people at
both the, start and finish and niuch enthu
siasm Was evinced. ..'
• Best" previous - time over this . relay — Wilbur
J. Edwards, O. C. C. 28:10. 1S93. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 13, 1901.
ANNUAL RELAY RACE BASEBALL SHOOTING AT TRAPS AND RANGES
Coast Record for the Distance Is Lowered Four.Minutes— Bay Citys
. and Olympics Have aGreat Struggle for 'Second Place— Russ
and Kenna -Sustain Injuries in a Collision at the Finish
GARDEN CITY WHEELMEN CAPTURE
THE BIG HUNDRED-MILE RELAY RACE
Best previous time over this relay — Eugene
Coffln. G. C. W., 27:25. 1893. , ¦ y
The Garden City courier on the seventh
was the slowest rider of the bunch, A.
Barnwell of the Californias carrying oft
the honors for fastest time. Still the San
Jose club did not lose enough time to
make much . difference in the result.
SEVENTH RELAY. ,
Jackson Avenue to One Mile South of Warm
¦ Springs.
Jose.
5
Fly Ball 2>ropped by Kelly Loses a
Closely Contested
Game.
"*• (T n ~ ~
CONTESTANTS. \ \ j; J '< < 3
3 J» ~ 3 3 3 3
_______^_____ I * _! ¦ /
Number of targets 10 10 15 20 20 20 15
leaver 9 9 15 18 17 ~18~ ~13
Young 5 9 11 14
Miller 8 4 .. 16
F.mlgh 5 7 12 16 14 ..' ..
Hoyt 6 5 10 12 13 13 ..
Franck 6 7 7 14 12 11 ..
"Doc" 9 6 8 11 11 13 ..
Francis 2 5 9 12 13 U ..
George White 5 4 .. 10 6 ..- 7
Du Bols 4 6 9 H 1! „ g
Davis- r.. 5 6 10 13 10 .. 0
Williams 6 .. 9 12 14 13 10
Smith 4 3
Quinn /. • .. 5 g ., •
Howell 8 12
Fairchild 5 4 7
"Gewlz" " 4 4 6.. .. ..
Averill 3 6 6
rider:
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
:arl Marty........ G. C. W. 12:23:12 29:35
P. J. Oilman B. C. W. 13:25:45 - 29:15 !
<T. Borree O. C. W. 12:25:45 2-5 29:15 2-1
X. W. Emery..... R. C. R, 12:29:10 29:30
V.. Barnwell C. C. C. 12:31:15 28:15
RIDER.
¦
Club.
Time.
1 Actual
Riding
Time.
Homer Lowe G. C. W. 12:31:30
E. A. Rusac B. C. W. 12:54:40
J. Ephraim O. C. W. 12:55
W. Lucto R. C. R. 12:58
W. Rom bach.... » C. C. C. 1:01:30
28:15''
28:55
29:14 3-5
28:50 .
30:15
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
Ed Wastle.I G. C. W. 1:22 30:30
J. E. Hobson . O. C. W. 1:24:35 29:35
F. G. West.. B. C. W. 1:24:35 1-5 29:55 1-3
A. T. Smith...... R. C. R. 1:2S:59 30:59
E. Warren -.. C. C. C. 1:34:61 33:21
RIDER.
1
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
H. C. Fowler.... B. C. W. 10:35
J. P. Simmons.. O.CW. 10:35
Ed Barne3 G. C. W. 10:35
C. Dorman R. C. R. 10:35
Joseph Holle..... C. C. C. 10:37:19
2T»59 3-i
27:59 2-:
28:00 ¦
27:00
28:49
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
Carl Limbers..". O. C. W. 11:03
R. Williamson... R. C. R. 11:03:02
A. Davidson...... B. C. W. 11:01:03
AV. Peddler O. C. W. 11:03:06
E. Bergcman C. C. C. 11:07.
28:00
28:02
2S:03
28:05
29:41
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time. .
J..E. Wing.......
H. D. Bean....'. /.
G. 4 McKinney....
\V.*~ Lane.'.;.i...'..
G. Seyfried "..
G: C. W. 11:28:30 23:30
B. C. W. 11:28 24-57
O. C. W. 11:28 24:55
R. C. R. 11:32 2S:53
C.-C..C. 11:34:00 1-5 27:00 1-5
Actual
RIDER. Club. Time. Riding
- Time.
Tony Delmas....; G. C. AA". 10:07 28:35
Frank Bollo B. C. AV. 10:07:00 2-5 29:22 2-5
Charles Long O. C. AV. 10:07:00 3-5 29:15 3-5
A.- Knox R. C. R. 10:08 30:30
A. Carl C. C. C. 10:0S:30 28:55
RIDER.
Club.
Time:
Actual
Riding
Time.
G. A. Wyman....
K. P. 'Marlsch...
W. D. Egenhoff..
A. McDonald.."...
C L. Braun......
R. C. R.
B. C. W.
O. C. W.
G. C. AV.
C. C. C.
9:37:30
9:37:38
9:37:45
9 l 38 ;25
9:33:35
31:30
31:38
31:45
32:25
S3: 35
RIDER. '
ciub.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
Jurton : Downing.
'.- E. - Bolffer.....
\ Murray...;.:..i
I. L». ; Newson ....
t.' Telchner......:
G. C. W.
O. C. TV.
B^ C..W.
R. C..R.
C. C. C.
11:53:40
11:58:30
11:56:30
11:59:40
12:03
27:10
28:30
28:30
27:40
28:59
. ' ' ¦ . Actual
RIDER. Club. Time. Riding
¦ ¦ . . ' Time.
Lace Downing G. C. TV. 1:48:30 26:30-'
W. J. Davidson.. B. C. W. 1:51 -' 29:24 4-5
E. F. Russ O. C. .W. 1:54:00 1-3 29:25 1-5
A. C. Bannister.. R. C. R. 1:57:30 2SJ1
W. Pipher...;.,.. C. C. C. 2:05 . 30:C9
RIDER.
Yards
Rise.
I Broke.
NAME.
I
Durst
LaMotte
Bairti
Reed ~
Allen
Lambert
20
20
18
IS
IS.
18
IT
14
11
W
13
14
Yards
Rise.
N'AME.
Broke.
Debenham
Swales
Ireland
Hewlett
Fish
Hauer
20
IS
13
20
13
20
20
XI
20
13
11
.20
Tarts I
Rise.
I
Broke.
NAME.
Allen •
Juster
Gere r ---
Roman *j
Gregg -
13
IS
16
13
IS
13
21
IS
1?
IS
Yards'
Rise.
I Broke.
NAME.
Peltier .
Alden ..
14
16
I
13
*ia
I Yards
. Rise.
NAME.
Broke.
Debcnham ••
Howlett
Allen
Fish -..
Swales .'•
Hauer
20
18
is
13
13
20
It
14
13
13
. 18
17
I
Yards I
J Rise.
Broke.
NAME.
Swales
Cullen
Allen ... ~. v. ..;..'.
Gere .;.. » -
Ireland .'.;.' :......"..
Hauer •••••••
Juster '• ••
Reed - — •
Lambert •
Swesoiey >.: •:•""""__
15
18
IS
' 16 .
IS
.1&
14 '
16
18 .
IS
U
12
- 10
11
! 13
11
15
17
10
rider:
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
:arl Marty........ G. C. W. 12:23:12 29:35
P. J. Oilman B. C. W. 13:25:45 - 29:15 !
<T. Borree O. C. W. 12:25:45 2-5 29:15 2-1
X. W. Emery..... R. C. R, 12:29:10 29:30
V.. Barnwell C. C. C. 12:31:15 28:15
Yards
Rise.
I Broke.
NAME.
I
Durst
LaMotte
Bairti
Reed ~
Allen
Lambert
20
20
18
IS
IS.
18
IT
14
11
W
13
14
RIDER.
¦
Club.
Time.
1 Actual
Riding
Time.
Homer Lowe G. C. W. 12:31:30
E. A. Rusac B. C. W. 12:54:40
J. Ephraim O. C. W. 12:55
W. Lucto R. C. R. 12:58
W. Rom bach.... » C. C. C. 1:01:30
28:15''
28:55
29:14 3-5
28:50 .
30:15
Yards
Rise.
N'AME.
Broke.
Debenham
Swales
Ireland
Hewlett
Fish
Hauer
20
IS
13
20
13
20
20
XI
20
13
11
.20
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
Ed Wastle.I G. C. W. 1:22 30:30
J. E. Hobson . O. C. W. 1:24:35 29:35
F. G. West.. B. C. W. 1:24:35 1-5 29:55 1-3
A. T. Smith...... R. C. R. 1:2S:59 30:59
E. Warren -.. C. C. C. 1:34:61 33:21
RIDER.
1
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
H. C. Fowler.... B. C. W. 10:35
J. P. Simmons.. O.CW. 10:35
Ed Barne3 G. C. W. 10:35
C. Dorman R. C. R. 10:35
Joseph Holle..... C. C. C. 10:37:19
2T»59 3-i
27:59 2-:
28:00 ¦
27:00
28:49
Tarts I
Rise.
I
Broke.
NAME.
Allen •
Juster
Gere r ---
Roman *j
Gregg -
13
IS
16
13
IS
13
21
IS
1?
IS
Yards'
Rise.
I Broke.
NAME.
Peltier .
Alden ..
14
16
I
13
*ia
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time.
Carl Limbers..". O. C. W. 11:03
R. Williamson... R. C. R. 11:03:02
A. Davidson...... B. C. W. 11:01:03
AV. Peddler O. C. W. 11:03:06
E. Bergcman C. C. C. 11:07.
28:00
28:02
2S:03
28:05
29:41
I Yards
. Rise.
NAME.
Broke.
Debcnham ••
Howlett
Allen
Fish -..
Swales .'•
Hauer
20
18
is
13
13
20
It
14
13
13
. 18
17
RIDER.
Club.
Time.
Actual
Riding
Time. .
J..E. Wing.......
H. D. Bean....'. /.
G. 4 McKinney....
\V.*~ Lane.'.;.i...'..
G. Seyfried "..
G: C. W. 11:28:30 23:30
B. C. W. 11:28 24-57
O. C. W. 11:28 24:55
R. C. R. 11:32 2S:53
C.-C..C. 11:34:00 1-5 27:00 1-5
Actual
RIDER. Club. Time. Riding
- Time.
Tony Delmas....; G. C. AA". 10:07 28:35
Frank Bollo B. C. AV. 10:07:00 2-5 29:22 2-5
Charles Long O. C. AV. 10:07:00 3-5 29:15 3-5
A.- Knox R. C. R. 10:08 30:30
A. Carl C. C. C. 10:0S:30 28:55
I
Yards I
J Rise.
Broke.
NAME.
Swales
Cullen
Allen ... ~. v. ..;..'.
Gere .;.. » -
Ireland .'.;.' :......"..
Hauer •••••••
Juster '• ••
Reed - — •
Lambert •
Swesoiey >.: •:•""""__
15
18
IS
' 16 .
IS
.1&
14 '
16
18 .
IS
U
12
- 10
11
! 13
11
15
17
10
RIDER.
Club.
Time:
Actual
Riding
Time.
G. A. Wyman....
K. P. 'Marlsch...
W. D. Egenhoff..
A. McDonald.."...
C L. Braun......
R. C. R.
B. C. W.
O. C. W.
G. C. AV.
C. C. C.
9:37:30
9:37:38
9:37:45
9 l 38 ;25
9:33:35
31:30
31:38
31:45
32:25
S3: 35
"*• (T n ~ ~
CONTESTANTS. \ \ j; J '< < 3
3 J» ~ 3 3 3 3
_______^_____ I * _! ¦ /
Number of targets 10 10 15 20 20 20 15
leaver 9 9 15 18 17 ~18~ ~13
Young 5 9 11 14
Miller 8 4 .. 16
F.mlgh 5 7 12 16 14 ..' ..
Hoyt 6 5 10 12 13 13 ..
Franck 6 7 7 14 12 11 ..
"Doc" 9 6 8 11 11 13 ..
Francis 2 5 9 12 13 U ..
George White 5 4 .. 10 6 ..- 7
Du Bols 4 6 9 H 1! „ g
Davis- r.. 5 6 10 13 10 .. 0
Williams 6 .. 9 12 14 13 10
Smith 4 3
Quinn /. • .. 5 g ., •
Howell 8 12
Fairchild 5 4 7
"Gewlz" " 4 4 6.. .. ..
Averill 3 6 6ONE of the significant signs of the times is the
protest from the South against a good deal of
florid writing done by certain Northern corre
spondents'concerning the so-called decline of s'ection
alism among the Southern people since the war with
Spain. The Southerners declare there has been, no
bitterness among them against the Union 'or 1 the
Northern people for many a year. The civil war ended
in the spring of 1865, thirty-six years ago, and since
that time a new generation of Southerners has arisen;
a generation that has been too busily engaged: in
building up industries to have had anytime for; the
nourishing of old hatreds or old prejudices. This
new generation ; is too well aware' of the benefits re-
A SOUTHERN PROTEST.
A London 1 correspondent,
watched closely King Edward's exercise
of his new authority eleven » days; con
cludes : that he is ."ail right" and will
"walk alone'.' to the 'limit of his constitu
tional authority. The observer says: "It
renders it • abundantly " clear that hi9
Majesty knows what kingship means and
is not disposed to depute the things that
are meant for his own hand to the handa
of other people.* 1 There are to be no lead
ing-strings for Edward VII, no prompt
ers, 'no wise , old councilors/ who must
have everything their own way, and who
would limit 'limited monarchy' until it be
came a mere symbol and spectacle. True,
Edward VII; cannot run the rig that has
been run by his enterprising nephew, the
Kaiser, but his constitutional . rights are
his and. if we are to > judge from * these
eleven days, he does not purpose to be at
all* diffident in exercisins them. • That, as
I take it, is the impression he has created
upon his Ministers and people alike. Thesa
Is a • certain strangeness ' about It, , but on
the whole England seems to like it and;
as I have said, the verdlctup to now is In
Edward's favor." — Providence Journal.
'.'But you. ought not. to"; sit on such a
cold, chilly -night as this," said the mis
tress. '.'You •; should walk at' a smart
pace.'^.. ¦¦-.¦¦¦¦: ¦¦"¦-. : - ¦-'¦'".- '
The girl looked at - her a t minute as
though - pitying her Ignorance, and then
answered: VCVv't^ ' - "'¦ -¦"- 'V :
Thinks 'tbe New King All Right.
; Russia's offer to guarantee the Chinese. indemnity
may be an act of. Christian kindness, but it looks ; like
a scheme to enable her to pay the debt and foreclose
on the country. . - . , , ,:
So far as the President's tour is conce'rned there are
just two classes of American, people. One class
wishes : to. . see; the President, while the other wishes
to show itself, and be prominent.
A great deal of undue praise has been given to
Massachusetts because her Legislature has" passed an
act forbidding the sale of cigarettes to boys under
18 years of age. The passage of such an act is easy;
the trouble will come when she tries to enforce it." •
The Boston Herald says: "As we have many
friends both in New York and Chicago, we do not
care fcT be j specific in indicating just where the world's
metropolis will- some time be found." What is the
matter with San Francisco? Has the Herald no
friends here? . '
A New -York publisher who has just returned from
England" says: ."The \United States has becoriie the
great book market "of the world. I am fully convinced
that the keynote of success in American publishing is
the American work by. American authors. There is
no reason why we should not lead the world in litera
ture as well as in the manufacture of steel." That is
a most excellent sentiment. Now let the book trust
employ a company of authors and proceed to run a
race, with the steel combine and, see what will come
Of It/" iW&'^l N >: ":.¦¦¦¦ "." '
. She — I>o you believe In this theory about
spreading disease by kissing?
He— Well, they say there's something
In it. ' . "
"Did you ever catch anything by kiss
ing a girl?" - '
"Yes, once: her father saw me at It."—
Yonkers Statesman.
"The thief thoroughly ransacked the
house," said a Hutchlnson paper, "but
failed to find anything of value." And tha
next day the lady came furiously into tha
office and told the editor that she had as
many things of value in her house as any
body—so there, now!— Kansas City Jour
nal.
Jack— I made two calls this afternoon,
and I must have left my umbrella at the
last place I called.
Tom— How do you know but that you
left it at the first place?
Jack — Because that's -where I got It.—
Scotsman. ' •
"No. I don't like Dr. Thirdly." said
Mrs. Kllduff emphatically.
"What's he done?" asked Mrs. Tenspot.
"Well, he asked all the ladles in the con
gregatlpn to remove their hats. And it
was Easter Sunday, mind you!"—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
"There can be no doubt whatever of his
sincerity," was the answer. "Why. sir,
that man would rather go to church on
Sunday than play golf."— Washington
Star.
No Room for Doubt.— "You speak with
great posltlveness about the sincerity of
our friend's religion."
Mr. HlltonT— Have you opened that bot
tle of champagne. Bridget?
Bridget— Faith, I shtarted to open it
an' It begun to open itself. Shure. the
mon that filled that bottle must *av* put
in two quarts instead of wan!—Philadel
phia Record.
Mrs. O'HoolIhan— An' how's all th' folk*
after beln'?
Mrs. McGonical— It's all well they do be.
exceptln' me owld man. He's been enjoy-
In' poor health fer some tolm. but this
mornin' he complained of feelin' better.-*
ChicagD News.
Mrs. Cackle— The Rev. Mr. Longzac*
said in his sermon that he was tempted
to throw a few torpedoes among: th*
sleeping members of his consrregation.
Mr. Cackle— Why doesn't he throw a tvo*
Into his sermon? — Ohio Stata Journal, n
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"I was sinking 'I'd Leave My Happr
Home for You' when the landlord called
"Well?"
"He said if we didn't pay up the back
rent we'd both have to bo, tor a fact."
Here in California similar conditions prevail. Pros
perity abounds on every side. Markets heretofore ac
tive continue so, and some which have been dull
showing more life. Many lines of trade report busi
ness better than at this time last year, and some say
that it is better than ever before. Ocean tonnage
may not be quite as active, but there is no surplus in
ships and wheat freights have recently advanced,
showing a strong carrying market. Wholesale mer
chants engaged in the export trade report liberal or
ders for shipment to the usual points. ' Crop pros
pects are brilliant,' and new produce thus far received
has been bringing: higher prices than usual at this
time of the year. All indications continue to point
to a very successful year in trade.
A third peculiar feature was the utter absence of any
influence of the stock panic upon general business.
Merchandise did not even quiver. The foreign and
domestic business of the country, wholesale and retail,
merchandise and produce, went on its way unaffected
Reports from all parts of the country indicated uni
form serenity. The only effect which could be de
scribed by the most observant eye was the checking
of some speculation in grain and provisions, owing to
the diversion of attention to Wall street. The leading
cities all showed a pronounced gain in bank clearings
over the tame week last year, and the failures were
only 193, against 192 last year. The grain markets
were dull and weak, and the prospects for large crops
everywhere acted as a damper on speculation. Pro
vision^' were unsettled, but did not fluctuate much.
Wool continued slow, though there was more doing
in new goods. Boots and sjioes are again increasing
in activity, and the trade is in better condition than
for several weeks. The iron and steel trade is appar
ently as' active as at any time lately, the mills being
crowded with orders, and running to their fully:apa
c-rty. Textiles, as a rule, are the dullest things visible.
The railway earnings continue to show a marked in
crease over corresponding periods last year. Other
wise there is nothing in general trade worthy of com
ment. 0
Another peculiar feature is the remarkable kind
heartedness, benevolence, compassion, or whatever
one chooses to call it, of the victors in this gigantic
combat up among the financial stars. Delivery of
stock Jias been waived by the winners, at least for the
moment, and all the losers have to do is to settle.
And the settling price has been made comparatively
low. Such magnanimity is seldom seen in stock mar
kets. But, perhaps, the enormous money interests
saw that to enforce delivery of stock would cause ugly
failures, which would be a bad thing just now. "So
they let it pass.
In the first place there was no crash. Quotations
dropped sharply, only to recover more or less again,
like the schoolboy's kite that suddenly "dives" high
up in air and immediately rights itself. On previous
similar occasions values have descended to bedrock
before regaining their balance, leaving the downward
path strewn with financial wrecks. Nothing of the
sort took place during the panic last week. It was a
derangement, not a collapse. The stock market of
Wall street is still up in the air like a balloon. It has
careened in a gust of wind, but is still up in the blue.
The collapsing cord has not yet been pulled.
THE public is familiar with the leading feature
in finance last week. It was the cyclone in Wall
street, and was one of the severest ever known.
It had several features, however," sufficiently peculiar
to warrant a passing observation.
WALL, STREET AND TRADE.
• The managers of our great business houses and
employers of every degree should respect this feeling
of the people; for it is one in which they, themselves
undoubtedly share. Then let the recommendation of
the committee be followed. Let every man' and
woman have a chance to join in the welcome to the
President as he moves through the streets on his arri
val. Let us make the afternoon a holiday for alL
. The people wish to see McKinley, and the wish
is a laudable one. The statesman whose name is more
closely associated with work and wages and prosperity
than that of any other President in our history and
who has conducted the affairs of the nation with such
conspicuous skill and sagacity is rightly dearj to th'e
popular It is not a passing enthusiasm due, to
his presence in the city, but a deep and abiding confi
dence in' the patriotism of his statesmanship and per
sonal sympathy with his genuine "Americanism that
prompt the great masses of the people to unite with
one another in making his welcome one that will be
memorable for all time to come.
The parade through so many streets will occupy
virtually the whole of the afternoon. During that
time the thoughts of the people will be given wholly
to the President. Even should the business houses
keep open, very little . business will be done. The
crowds that throng the streets will be there not for the
purpose of shopping but for the purpose of greeting
the President, consequently the merchants and others
will lose 1 nothing by closing their stores and offices
and getting out among their fellow citizens and help
ing to swell the acclamations that welcome to San
Francisco the man who is not only President, but
the best loved statesman of this generation.
The arrangements for the reception on that-day are
fitted for a popular holiday. The President's train
is due to arrive at 3:40 p. m. The grand marshal of
the day with the reception committee, civic, military
and naval officials, accompanied by an escort of honor
composed of bluejackets and. marines from the navy
and troops of the United I States army and' of the
National Guard, will await him at the depot, and from
there the column wiH march down Third street to
Market, to Montgomery, to Bush, to Kearny, to Mar
ket, to Van Ness avenue, and along the avenue 'to
between Bush. and Pine, where it will countermarch
and pass the reviewing stand on the west side of Van
Ness avenue, between Sutter and Post streets, where
the President will review the column. In the evening
the citizens' committee will go in carriages to the
corner of Clay and Laguna streets, where it will meet
the Signal Corps/ of the Second Brigade, National
Guard, and escort the President, via Van Ness avenue,
to Golden Gate avenue, to Market street, and thence
to the ferry depot, where the formal welcome to the
city will be extended by Mayor Phelan and a public
reception held.
What more can be needed for a jubilant half-holi
day? "
FROM the committee having in charge the ar
rangements for the reception of the President
in this city there has come a recommendation
that the afternoon of Tuesday be declared a holiday
by all business houses so that the employes may have
a chance to join in the welcome to the chief magis
trate. The recommendation is a good one. It should
be universally adopted.
MAKE IT A HOLIDAY.
The crusade in New York against the gambling of
fashionable women has reached the flashlight point,
and we are now getting strange stories. According
to one of these a society woman played cards with a
schoolboy visiting her son and won all his pocket
money. If that story be true it is time for the police
as well as the clergy to interfere.
There has never been a scandal affecting the ad
ministration of law by United States courts more seri
ous than that which has developed out of the pro
ceedings of Judge Noyes and McKenzie at Nome.
The action of the Circuit Court was no more than
a vindication of. justice. The imprisonment of Mc-
Kenzie makes him a wholesome example to ' others
who may be tempted by reason of their powerful
friends to disobey orders of the court and violate its
decrees; but if the sentence be commuted and the
offender go free, the moral of the stdry will be any
thing rather than wholesome. To pardon him indeed
would be to vindicate the offender and to reflect dis
credit upon the courts and the Judges who preside in
them/ ' : K£ '
He practiced what he preached. He defied the or
ders of the" Circuit Court of Appeals, and it became
necessary to arrest him and bring him before the court
to answer, for his contempt. Having been convicted
he took an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United
States, but that tribunal upheld the Circuit Court and
he was. sent to jail.
¦ Since that time the powerful influences of, which
he boasted have evidently been. at work. An effort
was made to arouse sympathy for him by starting
a report that he is sick and cannot bear confinement.
There has been much talk also about his influential
friends in the Senate* and elsewhere, and suggestions
have been made that the President would pardon
him. Now comes this latest dispatch from Washing
tori "presuming" that the President will exercise the
authority, which the Attorney General says is his, to
commute the sentence of the offender.
The Call has already pointed out in reviewing the
case that as a part of the history of McKenzie's career
at -Nome, it. is related that after he had been made
receiver of nearly all the valuable mines in that local
ity, and was confronted by orders of the^ United States
Circuit Court granting appeals from the decisions of
Judge Noyes, he exHorted the members , of his gang
tostand firm in defiance .of the court and fold them
of his past experience with courts, conventions, legis
latures and the like, in which he had never met defeat,
boasting of the political power that- was behind him,
and assuring them that he had backers who would
carry his schemes to success despite the' Circuit Court.
• The. story of McKerizie's contempt of court is one
of the most extraordinary in our annals. It was an
act of such flagrant violation of law, was committed
in such open defiance of the decrees of the court and
was attended by circumstances of such an aggravating
nature, tjiat to pardon the offense or to commute the
sentence imposed would be to belittle the dignity of
the law and to encourage similar offenses hereafter.
While there may nof be any dispute as to the sound
ness of the Attorney General's opinion, there will
certainly be a protest against the assumption of the
dispatch that the President is to exercise the power
to commute the sentence of.McKenzie.. Nothing has
appeared to justify and such presumption, nor is there
anything of a palliating nature in the offense of Mc-
Kenzie to make him a worthy object of executive
clemency.
DISPATCHES from Washington announce that
Attorney General Knox has forwarded to the
President an opinion that the executive has
power to commute the sentence of a prisoner serving
time for contempt of court. The dispatch adds: "As
this applies particularly at this • time to the case of
Alexander v McKenzie, the Alaska mine receiver, now
in Alameda jail serving a sentence of one year, it is
presumed the President will commute his sentence."
THE McKENZIE CONTEMPT CASE.
MONDAY.. .'.»..»». ...',..'.. .y-yMAY i3> iQQi
JOHN D.^ SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
"^^lednsTAirCo^aieitioiii t9 W. 8. LEASE. Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prwn 2A4
I'CBLICATIOX OFFICE...M«rket and Third, S. V. r
Telephone PreM 201.
EDITORIAL ItOOStS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Frets 2O2. ¦ . . f
Delivered f»r Currier*, 15 Cents Ver Weefc.
Stnfrle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* br Mall. Including? Postages
:>AJI.T CALIi «nclad!nR SuxvSay). one- year »«.M
JJAILT CALI» <1nc5u<IInir Sunday). « months S-M
CAILT CALIi (Including Sunday). 3 months 1-80
DAILY CAIX— By Single Month •Sc
WEEKLT CALU One Tear *•<••
All poitinaiteni are authorized to receive
¦abftcrfptionn.
Cample eopl« *• lorwarded when requested.
Man robserfhM* >" crdertnr <"fcanfr* of »iMr«« rtionlfl 1*
partlcalar to rfv* tooth KEW AND OI/D ADDRESS Jn order
to Insure a protspt and correct compliance with their requeat.
OAKX.AXD OFFICE ...1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROCSESJ.
Kantger Tntlga AdrertiBliig. Kirjnett* Building. Chleayt.
Ojovk Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C. C CARLTOS. Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH. 3O Tribune Bnlldlns
KEW TORK 2IEWS STANDS:
Waldorf - A rterla Hotel; A, Brentano, & Union B«a««:
Murray H1U HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shennatn House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hptel:
Fremont Hocse; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHI3VGTOBT (D. C.» OFFIClfi. . . .14O6 G St., JT. W.
atORTOST E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of C!ay. open
until 8:C9 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 e' clock. CS3
McAllister, cpen tintll 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkin. open until
r 20 o'clock. 1S41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1C9« Valencia, open
trtll 9 o'clock. It* Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. N"W. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
der is not that sh« needs rest at this point, but that
she has borne so well the combined fatigues of travel
ing and of social functions. None but a resolute
spirit could have borne up so bravely throughout the
distance between this city and Washington. ___ _ ;; J,
Unless the unexpected happens, the arrangements
made for the President will not be changed. From
San Francisco as a center be can visit the surrounding
cities such as San Jose and keep his engagements
there. Mrs. McKinley, however, will remain here
and rest. Some of the functions provided for her will
doubtless have to be omitted from the programme.
That will cause disappointment, but no ill-feeling.
Indeed the one wish of all citizens is now that the
days of rest which she will enjoy in our bracing and
invigorating climate will so completely restore her
strength that she will return to Washington. stronger
than when she left it.
WITH no little satisfaction The Call is able
-to announce this morning that the arrival
of the President and Mrs. McKinley in the
city yesterday ahead of time does not imply any
serious illness on the part of Mrs. McKinley or entail
any considerable change in the programme arranged
for receptions between Del Monte and this city. The
explanation of the movement is that Mrs. McKinley
has been overtaxed by the continuous strain and ex- .
citement of the receptions and fetes along the route
since leaving Washington, and it has been thought
best to relieve her as much as possible of further
strain. She has therefore been brought here to rest
until the time comes for" the Presidential party' to
start on the return to the East.
At midnight The Call had the assurance of the
President's secretary that there is no occasion for
alarm. Mrs. McKinley's illness is not serious. A
few days of rest with relief from the trying ordeals
of incessant receptions will restore her strength and
enable her to make the return journey without dan
ger.
That rest is needed by Mrs. McKinley is not sur
prising. The continuous ovations and receptions
given to the President all along the route and the
numerous calls- upon. Mrs. McKinley have been suffi
cient to tax the strength of the strongest The won-
NO CAUSE FOR ANXIETY.
i This protest coming from? so many sources in the
South shows a sensitiveness on the score of loyalty
that is an excellent evidence of genuine patriotism.
Hereafter the North should remember that while the
war with. Spain afforded the first occasion fora con
spicuous showing of Southern patriotism, the feeling
itself has been in existence ever since Southern men
surrendered in good faith. and turned away from war
and slavery to build up a 'new South devoted to the
Union and to liberty. . ' .
There is- no reason- to: doubt the .validity of the
Southern protest* The writers who have' suddenly
discoyerejd ithatjthe 'South is no "longer . embittered
against the Union and has been "reconciled," are
fully thirty years behind the' times. 'Because the dis
covery; is; a^ surprise to* themselves, they deem it new
to .alMhe world and spread abroad glowing accounts
of "reconciliation" as if it were an unheard of thing.
As a' matter of fact -there are .thousands -of Southern
men in^the North' and i thousands of '-.Northern men
in the South. people of the two sections having
been working together harmoniously for years; The
only sectional thing now remaining about the South
is the abomination of unnatural politics, and even that
The feeling of Southern men on. the subject is so
strong' that in a speech at a banquet given to the
President at Memphis when *on his way to this coast
Senator Carmack of ; Tennessee referred to it, and
after saying that at no "time since the surrender of
Lee has there been in the South any question of a
sincere acceptance of the situation, he added: "If
there was no^occasion until the war with 'Spain for
us to show.our loyalty; the fact was our misfortune."
suiting from the Union to -be* in any way hostile to
it; and in drawing prosperity from it they have learned
to love it." -A";r^ *
SULPHUR— A. D., Oak Bar, Cal. Sul
phur is classed as a mineral.
ROCKEPELLER FAMILY— Subscriber.
City. The residence of the family of John
T>. Rockefeller is at 4 Fifty-fourth street,
New York City.
TO CLOVERDALE— Enq., j Cl^y. The
road between Tiburon and' Cloverdale
was opened May 29, 1889; that is, the first
regular train to the last-named place was
run on that date.
• SOLICITOR'S LICENSE— L. C, City. If
by "solicitor" you mean peddler, you can
not transact business in San Rafael with
out a license; If by that word you mean
"drummer" for an established house and
you are to sell by sample, you will not
need a license.
THE RIO JANEIRO-Subscrlber, Mo
desto, Cal. The wreck of the steamer Rio
de Janeiro, which went down while enter
ing the harbor of San' Francisco on the
22d of February, 1901, had not been located
on the 3d of May. It is supposed that she
sank in mid-channel and was, by the
strong current that - runs through the
Golden Gate, carried out to the ocean.
MABIE— Student, Gold Run, Cal. Ham
ilton'Wright Mabie, writer and editor,
was born in Cold Spring, N. Y., 1846. He
graduated at Williams College in 1867
studied at the Columbia Law School, New
York, graduating in 1869, but instead of
following the law he engaged In a literary
.life. He wrote "Norse Stories," and ed
ited Michaud's "History of the Crusades "
adding .a chapter thereto. In 1879 he be
came assistant editor of the Christian
Union and was for a number of years as
sociated with Dr. Lyman Abbott.
VARIOUS COINS-F. H., Sacramento.
Cal. A $3 piece of 1S59 commands a premi
um of from 25 cents to $1: half dollars of
1814, 1S28, 1S31. 1832 and 1833 .do not com
mand a premium; silver 3-cent Dieceq nf
1S51 1852 and 1853 are notsuchSa
dealers offer a -premium for. The onlv
3-cent nickel for which a prTmiumVof^
fered Is that of 1877. and the amount Is
75 cents. The only flying eagle cent that
calls for a premium Is that which iXLrl
date of 1836. The price offered ia tv^
$1 50 to $2 50. (> A 5-cent nickel without th^
word "cents" is not a premium coin.
? DAUGHTERS OF REVOLUTION— E
V. R., City. The, qualification for admlsl
sion Into the Daughters of the American
Revolution- is that the applicant "shall
be 18 years of age and descended from
an ancestor who with unfailing loyalty
rendered material aid to the cause of inl
dependence as a' recognized patriot, as
soldier or sailor, or as a civil officer in
one .of the several colonies or state!; o?
of the ;united colonies or states." Everv
application must be endorsed by at least
pne member of the national society aS
t£© applicant must be able to prove the
claim of ancestorshJp. p . ine
RENO MARRIAGES— D. E., Oakland
Cal. >A recent decision of the Supreme
Court holds that if a person goes from
one State to another for the purpose of
evading the law of the State from which
-.the departure s taken. for the purpose of
evading the divorce law arid marries in
the 'State^ visited the marriage^il good
only In the State m which it was con
tracted. Under that decision if a party in
California is divorced he or she cannot
marry again . a year . after the
granting. of, the decree, . and if the party
.should go to Reno, Nev., to marry before
the expiration of that time the marriage
would be valid only in the State of
Nevada,
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
COPYRIGHT. 1901
XIII.— TIMOTHY KINNEY;
Timothy 'Kinney, the "sheep king," one
of the remarkable men of the West, has'
compelled success by adding. to opportu
nity a" quick Intelligence, great persever
ance and much hard work. On the bar
ren and uninviting deserts of Southwest
Wyoming he has found wealth, and under
his careful management that . wealth
grows at a rate which seems almost in
credible to those, who are not familiar
with the sheep industry as there conduct
ed. "Personal attention to business" is
the motto which he has followed, and to
this rule Mr. Kinney points when asked
to name the winning quality necessarily
found in men of large affairs. Even now,
when; his business has reached enormous
proportions and is on an excellent footing,
he pays careful heed to the smallest de
tails in his bank, in his mercantile house
and on the range.
Career of a Friendless Young Idan.
Born in Ireland in.1846, young Timothy
Kinney began at an early age to struggle
against the poverty that surrounded him.
When he was IB years old he had feecured
enough money, to pay his passage on an
emigrant ship, so he sailed for the United
States, landing in New York. As soon as
he was able to do so he made his way to
Madison, Wis., where he arrived without
money or friends. He became a^day la
borer at such work as his ybu^n would
permit him to perform. After several
years he went to Rawlins, Wyo., where
he secured work as a car repairer in the
Union Pacific Railway shops. At the end
of a year he was transferred to the rail
way office as a clerk, and after another
year he was made station agent at Rock
Springs. Some months after that he be
came ticket agent at Omaha for the Union
Pacific. He resigned ' from the service
soon, however, and visited his relatives in
Ireland, returning in 1S74 to become once
more- the -Union Pacific agent at Rock
Springs. He remained in that position
until 1881. By that, time he had saved
enough money to begin the business of
cattle raising in a small way on Bitter
Creek, west of Rock Springs.
Disaster in Cattle Raising.
For eight years Mr. Kinney made
money rapidly in cattle, - but the severe
storms of ithe winters of 1889 and 1S90 near
ly brought his affairs to ruin, as he lost
more than 75 per cent of his stock. Dur
ing, the* following two years he recovered
in part from his losses, but fearing a
return of his former disastrous experience
he disposed of his cattle interests in the
fall of 1891 and turned his attention to
sheep raising. He purchased 16,000 sheep,
the total cost of which was about $35,000.'
As he had had no experience in hand
ling sheep his new venture was supposed
to be in danger of proving unfortunate
for him but, on the contrary, his flocks
increased steadily in value and' the num
bers of the animals multiplied at a won
derful rate. By the spring of 1893, when
sheep men all over the country were sell
ing out their holdings on account of the
threatened panic/he could have realized
70 ner cent, on his investment. He. would
not sell, however^ and through .the suc
ceeding years of panic his sheep contin
ued to double in numbers every twelve
months. Had he been compelled to sell
them then at the prevailing prices they
would not have brought, enough to pay
his debts, but- his creditors had faith in
his judgment and left him > free .to wait
for better times before making a settle
ment with them? -_ j '
Finds Huge Profits in Sheep.
From 1S94, when the prices of sheep and
wool were at their lowest, to 1S99, prices
for both wool and mutton advanced
steadily, and as Mr. Kinney during all
those years disposed only of his wool
clip and a few old animals each season,
his flocks grew to enormous proportions
while every pound; of thenv continued to
increase in value. It may be of interest
to mark the steps whereby he turned a
part of his vast holdings into money,
when the price finally reached a point at
which he was willing to sell. ' •
In the fall of 1899 Mr. Kinney- made his
first large sales of sheep, disposing o£
10,000 two-year-old wethers, for which he
received a trifle. over $4 apiece. He also
sold 4000 yearling wethers at $3 60 a head
and 3000 lambs at $2 65 a head, the total
being $62,350. In 1S95 an"d 1896 these same
grades*of wethers sold for $2 to $2 50 and
lambs for $1 to $1 50. This gives some
Idea of the profits made by Mr. Kinney
through holding his shSep for three
years. ',.'¦¦' P -
In 1899 Mr. Kinney' s wool clip amounted
to over 600,000 pounds, which he sold at
11 to 15 cents a pound, it netting him
about $72,000. which, with his sales of
sheep that year, brought . him in $134,350,
all from a $35,000 investment, he still hav
ing thousands of sheep left. .
Taking the Wool Clip to Market.
In that year Mr. Kinney's wool clip
was hauled to the Eastern market in a
special train of sixteen cars. Last year
a special train of twenty-five cars was
required to haul the wool clip. Those two
shipments j were tne largest ever sent to
market by an individual wool grower.
After shipping his wool last fall and re
ceiving $90,000 for it, Mr. Kinney began
to sell off some of his sheep. At that
time his flocks numbered about 135,000
head and he was" the largest individual
owner of sheep' in the United States. He
first sold 47,000 ewes and later disposed of
24,000 wethers, 34,000 lambs and 700 bucks,
a total of 106,700, for- which he received
in round numbers $324,000.
During the two months following these
sales prices jumped upward and it Is esti
mated that had Mr. Kinney sold his sheep
two months later than he did he would
have received 5440.000, or about $116,000
more than he really rcot for them. ;."
Caring for His Great Frocks. >
Some Idea of the magnitude of Mr. Kin
ney's sheep and wool raising business
may be gained from the following fig
ures : " * ¦ . *
During the year 1900 It required 100 men
to look after his sheep. This force con
sisted of a general foreman' and an as
sistant, these receiving $75 and $t>0 a month
respectively; herders, camp movers, and
teamsters, $40 a month each, and general
hands $35 a month. The men on the
range are supplied with board, which
costs from $15 to $30 a month for each
man, this bringing the total monthly pay
roll up to about $6000.
Mr. Kinney's home ranch is on Smiths
Fork in Uinta County, Wyoming, near
the Idaho -line.- He controls a tract of
State land eighteen miles long bordering
on the stream and a large number of
school sections, which he leases from the
State. Along Smiths Fork and its tribu
tary streams the "sheep king" cuts thou
sands of tons of hay annually, which Is
fed to his sheep during storms on the
plains in winter.
sjj Long Trips From Ranch, to Ranch.
During all seasons of the year Mr. Kin
ney is a very busy man. He travels from
Rock Springs to the main ranch and from
it to the auxiliary ranches in a buck
board drawn by two horses. His bedding
and his cooking utensils he carries in a
box under the wagon seat, for the "sheep
king" frequently spends a night on . the
open prairie many miles from the nearest
house. v He has selected good men to look
after his flocks, but he seldom trusts them
wholly, and he makes frequent trips from
camp to camp to superintend the work
of caring for his large flocks.
Mr. Kinney was recently reappolnted a
member of the Wyoming Board of Sheep
Commissioners, of which he is the presi
dent. The board is doing much In the in
terests of the sheepmen of the State, and
under the watchful care of its members
diseased sheep are not allowed to be
driven or shipped into Wyoming. The
board recently, issued a pamphlet showing
that Wyoming leads all other States in
wool production and value of sheep.
BUs Other Business Interests.
Mr. Kinney owns a controlling interest
in the First National Bank of Rock
Springs, of which he is president. He Is
also the head of a large mercantile house
at Rock Springs. . These Institutions are <n
a flourishing condition. Though a million
aire, he prefers the wild and uninhabited
desert and the companionship of his
thousands of sheep to the refinements of
city life.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. E. Welton Young of Seattle is at the
California.
W. H. Lee, a publisher of Chicago, is a
guest at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner Blackstock is
registered at the Grand.
W. C. Price, a prominent mine owner
of Pasadena, is at the Grand., ,
-Dr. J. Clark, a leading physician of Gll
roy, Is staying at the Grand.
Railroad Commissioner Edson Is regist
ered at the Occidental from Gazelle.
E. A. Warren, 1 a prominent merchant of
Chico, is at the Lick with his wife. .
J. Grover, a popular merchant of Ven
tura, is a late arrival at the Grand. \
Charles Monroe, one of the. leading at
torneys of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
J. W. Hogan, a Jewelry manufacturer of
New York, is a late arrival at the lick.
John Costa, the well known mine owner,
of Downleville, is one of .the guests at the
Lick.
. G. W. Towle. an extensive land owner
and. mlllman of Towle, is staying at the
Grand.;" 1- f. j
G. B. Smith, a prominent resident of
Toronto, Canada, is one of "the guests at
the Occidental. .. V:'
M. P. Stein, a Well known 1 merchant of
Stockton, is at the California, accompar
nied by. his wife.
M.. V. Hartranft,. the editor of the
"Fruit "World," is registered at the Palace
from Los v Angeles. ; V^
Joseph- Scott and Henry R. King, two
prominent cattlemen of Miles City, Mon
tana, are at the California-
Horace eJ Meikel, M. T>., Is here from
Seattle, to attend the - convention of the
Order of Eagles, and Is registered at the
California, with ' his wife. '*¦;•
"Thirteenth.'.Article of the Series on "The Op
portunity and the Man," Being the
Story of Wyoming's "Sheep King."
V By George S. IA7«lk.er.
Prepared' by .Experts and Specialists for
¦ The'San Francisco Call -\
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
A transport named the Vaucleus© was
launched at Hochefort April IS last. She
was beirun in 1SS5 and has thus been six
teen years on the stocks. The hull, be
ing of wood, has therefore had a thorough
seasoning, conducive to a long . servica
of usefulness. The Vaucleuse beats the
record of the Mohican in our navy, whlchi
was "bulilt at Mare Island. The keel was
laid In November, 1872, launched December
27, 1S83, and sailed on> her first cruise Juns
27, 18S5. As the Vaucleuso has only been
recently launched It will no doubt take a
year to fit her for sea, thus making her
period of construction seventeen years,
against less then thirteen years for tha
Mohican. The French transport Is of only
1615 tons displacement, and has engines of
800 horse-power, intended to give a speed
of 11 knots, and the Mohican is of 1900
tons displacement. 1000 horse-power, and!
10.65 'knots. As to the cost of the two
ships, that of the Mohican has never been
figured out with any degree of accuracy,
and the cost of the Vaucleusa Is probably}
also somewhat uncertain.
Naval schools are to be located at each
of the principal dock-yards of Franca,
for the education in the principal servica
requirements, such as practical and theo
retical marine engineering, torpedo work
and gunnery. The applicants must be be
tween 13 and 15 years old, and are to enlist
at the age of 16 for a five-years' service.
"The school term covers four years, and
the studies embrace mathematics, physics,
chemistry, mechanics, engine design and
practice, drawing, history, geography,
English and French. Besides the practical
application of these studies In use of tor
pedoes and target practice, the pupils will
also have six months' work in the yard or
on board ships at the station. The object
of these schools is to supply the navy with
intelligent young men to fill lower official
positions, especially in the engineer de
partment, in which latter successful grad
uates may reach the higher grades.
The armored cruiser Kent, building at
the Portsmouth dock-yard, has been sub
jected to a severe. test of her water-tight
compartments. The port engine room was
pumped full of water, no air-space being
left, but the weight of 1,000 tons of water
did not cause a single rivet to weep, and
the bulkheads stood the«test without bulg
ing. The trial was made with a view of
ascertaining what the result would be In
the event of the engine-room being flood
ed through collision or other accidents oa
the sea.
A serious mishap occurred at th© ne-v
Dower fortifications while a 9.2 inch gun.
weighing twenty-seven ions, was beinj
hoisted .from ship into position. A link
in the Jib chain suddenly sna-^ed and
the gun went crashing through the
ship's deck and hull, penetrating the bot
tom, and the vessel was sunk. On ths
next day divers patched up the breach,
and the vessel was pumped out. The new
guns forming the battery will carry about
fifteen miles across channel.
• • •
Surveys of the bank In the Baltic known
as the Adlerground, shpw the. charts to
have been defective. The depth . was
found to.be only 28 feet, while the chart
indicated 41 feet." Captain Thiele, who
was in command of the Kaiser Frledrlch
III der Grosse when the ship ran aground,
has been entirely exonerated, and given
the captaincy of another new battleship,
the Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse.
Five submarine boats of the Holland
type are being built at the works of Vick
ers, Maxim & Co., for the British navy.
They are of 120 tons displacement, 63 feet
in length, a\d 11 feet 9 inches beam, with
a guaranteed surface speed of 9 to 10
knots and 6 to 7 knots when submerged.
The complement will be seven officers and
crew, and the first beat Is to be launched
this month.
~I>uring a heavy gale at "Woosung, on
April 17, the British battleship Centurion
parted her cable and drifted, colliding with
the battleship Glory. The latter's ram
penetrated the Centurion, doing, however,
no serious damage. The damaged ship
went to Hongkong: for docking and re
pairs. The Glory was uninjured.
Armor contracts for six battleships
building in Russia are now being filled by
the Carnegie works and the first consign
ment will be shipped on May 15, from
Philadelphia. The aggregate amount Is
over 12,000 "tons.
Gaptaln Hedworth Lambton, the gallant
commander of the Powerful, has succeed
ed Vice Admiral Fullerton In command
of the Royal yacht Victoria and Albert.
WORLD'S NAVAL NEWS.
the san Francisco; gall, mondayv may 13, 1901.
-SUMMER [RATES at -Hotel . del . Corenado.
Coronado Beach, CaL , * effective i after April 15,
|C0 for. round trip, '. including 15 " days at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. 3. Co., 4 New Montgomery at.
It looks as if Wall street had reached the top of the
boom and was ready for the chutes.
6
Choice candies, Townsend's," Palace Hotel*
CaL, glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in nre-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Look
out for a 4th, front of barber and grrocer. •
Special Information, supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
~ — ' • " '
y The world deals good nature,dly wlta Um
food natured person,
Call MnhBerfbers eontemplatlsc m. . chancre, of
rMlAeaee during* the iinmmer months can Ihtb
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
¦Adreaeea by notifying- The Call Baslnens Office.
T1»*b pMcr will also be on sale at all summer
rcaorti and is represented by a local asent la
•11 tswai «n the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LKiYIBG TOWS FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMEUTS,
Columbia— "Ss z Harbor."
A 1 cazar— "Fri ends. ' *
Grand Opera-house — "Government Acceptanoe." . :
California— "Barbara Freltcbie."
Central— "The Bowery After Dark."
Tivoll— "The Toy Maker." /^_
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Olympla. corner Mason and Kddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ever.lnc
Fischer 1 b— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
Emeryville Racetrack— Itaces to-day.
AUCTION SAXES.
By Wm. G. Laynp— Tuesday, May 14, at 10 o'clock. Ger-
man "Government Artillery Horses, at 721 Howard street.i ¦ • .• -' -
SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE JR.. WHO IS THE PRIDE OF HIS DISTIN
GUISHED PAPA AND THE JOT OP HIS BEAUTIFUL MAMMA.
PHOTO BY BUSHNELL. . " - '
Morgan EH Rout! Home.
PARIS, May 12.— J. P. Morgan left here
for London this morning.
NEW YORK, May 12.— The World will
say to-morrow: William J. Amend, coun
sel for the North River Bridge Company
and one of its directors, yesterday made
the 1 definite announcement that the Penn
sylvania Railroad is back of the com
pany's scheme to build a bridge from Ho
boken to Manhattan. He said tljat con
tracts Were now being negotiated between
the bridge company and the various rail
road companies whose traffic will be ac
commodated by the bridge. As soon as
these could be executed, he said, work on
the structure would be commenced.- It is
estimated that the bridge can be com
pleted within four years. ,
The bridge is to be only for the trans
portation of passengers, and the plan in
volves the erection of an enormous ter
minal, bounded by Sixth and Seventh ave
nues. Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth
streets. The bridge will be the largest in.
the world. There will be sixteen tracks
for railroad trains, and tb>*streng:th of
the structure will be such that they can
run at full speed. Above them, will be
trolley, tracks, driveways, bicycle paths
and footways. The estimated cost of the
bridge, with its approaches and the pas
senger terminal, is $80,000,000.
Will Construct Largest"
Bridge in the.
'World.
GIGANTIC PLAN
OF RAILROADS
San Pablo to the < Launching.
'V The Santa Fo' will run their, splendid steam
er San Pablo to the launching: • of the battle
ship Ohio oh Saturday, .May. 18. • . J
- She "1 will leave < Market-st." ferry at 11 :15 : a.
m.. and : return : after the \ launching. . Ticket*,
B0o for round , trip, at Santa' Fe Ticket Office,
Market-st. ferry. .- '•¦.
LIMA. Peru. May 12.— The cornet. which
was first seen from South America about
two weeks aeo and has been invisible
from here for the last three nights reap
peared last night. It has two tails, one
visible more than when first seen..
Comet Again. Visible.
PARIS, May 12:— M. Waldeck-Rousseau,
the Premier, who leftTParis April 11 to re
cuperate from the effects of his recent ill
ness, returned to the city to-day. It Is an
nounced that his health is completely re
stored.
"Waldeck-Rousseau Recuperates.
XNOWIiTON REFUSES '-
TO TALK OP SHORTAGE
Former Clerk of the St. Nicholas Will
Be Brought to This City
- To-Day.
WATSONVILLE, May 12.— Major Jo
seph Knowlton, who is charged by his
brother-in-law, James Doolittle of the St.
NJcholas Hotel in San Francisco, with be
ing:' short over $23,000 in his accounts
with the hotel, was arrested ,- here
last evening by Marshal Brldgewater. and
is at present in the custody of that offi
cer. At the time of his arrest the accused
man was visiting his sisters In. this city.
Knowlton positively refuses to be inter
viewed concerning the charges against
him for the reason that it would be con
trary to the advice of his lawyer.' -He
simply dismisses the matter with the as
sertion that he is innocent and: will -be
able to prove it<when the time comes. Ha
will be taken to San Francisco to-morrow.
DABINGr ROBBER
, EVADES AEEEST
ALAMAGORDO, N. Mex., May'12.-A
year ago two robbers terrorized Alama
gordo,'bul to-day a single robber held^upi
the. town, defying: all Interference' and
marching his victims through the streets.
He robbed I one saloon and terrorized the
whole village. He rode into town masked
with a red handkerchief, hitched his horse
In 'front of William Lauman's saloon and
walking inside ordered Lauman to give
him all the money In the place. Lauman
demurred. .The robber drew a pistol, -and,
making: Lauman come from behind 1 the
bar, emptied the cash register of $70, leav
ing only '20 cents. "Scotty". McAlplne,
who was in the saloon at the time, 1 was
marched out : of the place and : down the
street by the robber, who suddenly »gave
rein to his horse and dashed' away.
BAPTISTS OF FLORIDA '
ISSUE APPEAL FOB AID
Call on Brethren Throughout Country
to Assist Sufferers of Big
; ¦ Fire.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., May 12.— The
Baptists of Jacksonville to-day issued
the following appeal to the Baptists of
America:
Dear Brethren: Jacksonville," the metropolis
and gate city of Florida, Is In ruins. The great
fire of May 3, the greatest that the new South
has ever known, burned 132 blocks In the most
thickly settled portion of the city and de
stroyed every church and every school build
ing in the city proper. _
The First Baptist Church, with its contents,
was destroyed. Our pastor and family saved
only- the clothes -on their backs, while library
and furniture went up in flames. Scores of
our churcS people are homeless. . Many or them
are destitute and must be helped. A majority
of our members have lost. their business. The
well-to-do have become poor and are unable
I Our church must be rebuilt, and to that end
we are bending every energy. In our weak
ness and suffering, from- the depths of despair,
we call on all Baptists . throughout the coun
try to assist us < in rearing a . temple to the
Lord that His work may be carried on and
his .name glorified.- Please send your contri
butions to r>r. W. A. Hobson, pastor, or E. B.
Cleveland, chairman board of- deacons.
EOLI/ OF THE STJTCIDES
, j INCREASES IN , BENICIA
BENICIA, May. 12.— The . suicidal mania
seems to have struck Benlcla, there hav
ing been three cases here in. the last ten
days. The first two . were ' soldiers sta
tioned at Benicia Barracks, both of whom
used carbines to end their lives, -and the
third was Charles Hoy, who took a dose
of poison ¦ to-day. '- -\ V :>,:-¦
Letters left - by Hoy showed that his
plans for suicide- had been carefully made,
and there is no doubt that his mind had
become unbalanced through brooding over
his poor health and that of his, wife,' who
has been seriously 111 in San Francisco for
sometime.' - •¦ . \ ¦ ¦¦¦¦'¦
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
tacks of Chinese Insurgents; to render as
sistance to the Chinese Government against
Insurrection with the view, as quickly as pos
sible, to re-establish la.w and order In the
empire.
When all the powers Interested had decided
to send troops to China for the same purpose,
the Imperial Government proposed, as a rule
of conduct In relation to the affairs of China,
these fundamental principles: Maintenance of
the agreement between the powers, prevention
of the Government of China, existing ab anti
quo elicinatio of everything that might lead
to the partition of the Celestial* empire, and,
finally, re-establishment by joint effort of a
legal central government at Peking, which
of itself could guarantee the peace and order
of the country. ¦ I .
An agreement was reached upon these points
by most of the powers.
Serious differences of opinion tmong
the Ministers as to the penalties to be in
flicted upon the chief instigators of the
insurrection are referred to as follows:
Having declared Itself at the outset opposed
to the death penalty the Imperial Government
directed Its representative, in view of the na
ture of the discussions which arose upon that
point, not to enter into a debate relating to
the capital punishment to be inflicted upon.
Chinese dignitaries. Up to the present moment
the conference between the representatives of
the powers and the Chinese plenipotentiaries in
regard to the demands formulated in the col
lective note have not been terminated.
CHINESE EXPLODE MINES.
French, and German Force Encounters
Heavy Loss.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 12.— The steamer
Hatting, now called Princess May, the
new steamer for the Canadian Pacific
Navigation Company's Alaskan service,
arrived from Hongkong to-day.
News was brought by the steamer Glen
ogle, which arrived to-day, that a severe
earthquake occurred at Yokohama April
24, lasting fully two minutes. No damage
was reported.
The Asiatic reports say that on April
22 1D0 French and thirty Germans were
killed and wounded by the explosion of
mines burled on the frontiers of Shansl
and Chill.
The China Times reports the capture of
a brigand headquarters where ' Chinese
were pillaging the neighborhood under th2
leadership of ten foreign soldiers. The
Germans killed twemy-nine Chinese and
captured a junk on which a cannon wa$
mounted.
The new 7(W-ton liner Sobranon was
wrecked on the Chinese coast near Lung
Ying, prior to the sailing of the Glenogle.
The passengers and mails were saved.
The vessel was a total wreck.
A mixed battalion of English and Japan
ese and French had a sharp engagement
with 100 Boxers near Shanbackwan. The
fight lasted all day and a number of ChL
iiese were killed. The British lost two
men wounded, the French one and the
Japanese two.
There had been 110 cases of plague and
104 deaths and sixty-five cases of small
pox and forty-three deaths in Hongkong:
from January 1 to April 15.
RESTORATION OF PEACE IN CHINA
THE SINGLE AIM OF THE CZAR
As to the political programme of Russia,
that is to cay the Immediate object ehe had In
view, they were set forth in the first official
declaration made in relation to Chinese affairs
and are stated as follows: The rescue of Rus
sian representatives at Peking and the protec
tion of Russian subjects against criminal at-
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, X.
W.. WASHINGTON. May 12.— Russia's
earnest efforts to facilitate the conclusion
of negotiations respecting China and
hasten the withdrawal of foreign troops
from the Celestial empire are the subject
of an official note, a copy of which has
just been received in Washington and.
which contains the first complete official
statement of the course of the Russian
Government that has been made.
The statement of Russia's policy was
made simultaneously with her official dec
laration that "while maintaining the pres
ent temporary situation in Manchuria in
order to preserve peace throughout the
vast territory adjoining her frontier and
following out with absolute fidelity her
original intentions which she has openly
declared again and again, the Imperial
Government Is content to await calmly
the march of events." It declares in ef
fect that throughout the Chinese trouble
Russia has kept steadily in view the fact
that in sending her troops into China no
hostile Intent was entertained toward
China; on the -contrary, their presence
was for the purpose of rendering effective
aid to the Government of China in its
struggle aeainst insurgents.
The note is a lengthy review of diplo
matic developments, beginning with the
steps taken by the powers to seek an un
derstanding at the outset of the alarming
occurrences in China last year. The note
states explicitly that, "contrary to the ad
vice of certain jiowers," Russia declared
openly from the beginning- that she was
not at war with the Chinese empire. The
statement continues:
Sz>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA; Wash., May 12.— Passengers
arriving from Alaska on the steamer Vic
torian report that heroic measures are
being taken at . Wrangel, Ketchikan, Ju
"neau, Skagway and Haines to prevent an
epidemic of smallpox in those towns.
Their statements are corroborated by
Captain Roberts of the same steamer. He
says that the towns named have appoint
ed committees of prominent citizens with
authority to take such measures as they
see fit. They have driven all Indiana out
of the towns, sending some back to their
villages * and others into the interior,
where they will have less opportunity of
becoming infected. Medical assistance is
being given, arft efforts are being made
to quarantine all Indian houses which
contain smallpox patients.
Local steamship men- were notified to
day that Vancouver has decided to re
scind all quarantine regulations against
smallpox. The object is to have return
ing Alaska passengers stop there and
thus swell Vancouver's trade. If passen
gers pass Vancouver they will be detained
at the quarantine station at Port Town
send. Vancouver steamship men have
been' making such a strong objection to
American Bteamers. stopping at; Vancou
ver that the Sound shipping men are con
sidering the advisability of having Amer
ican steamers pass Vancouver without
stopping aa lopg as the quarantine is en
forced at Port Townsend.
Indians Are . Driven Out
of the Towns in
¦-.)¦¦
Alaska.
MINERS FEARFUL
OF AN EPIDEMIC
Monte last year and had a thoroughly
good time. In fact, so well did they enjoy
themselves that they declare if they have
as good a time this season they will ask
for nothing more. ¦ ¦ ~ '
' Mr. and Mrs. Colin'' M.. Boyd are at their
home, Casa Boyd, in San Leandro, for the
season. Casa Boyd always has a suc
cession, of house parties all through the
summer/ The Boyds are delightful hosts.
'•\V-'; * * * .. -
Mr. and Mrs. James Robinson and Miss
Elena Robinson, are going to San Jose for
the summer. Miss Robinson is booked for
several swell house parties during the
season. ¦
Mrs. Sam Shortridge, who has been very
ill and confined to her bed for several
weeks past, is now convalescent and
hopes to_be able to shortly be about once
more. <-- Mrs. Shortrldge's .many friends
have been most attentive to her during
her illness, and her room has been con
tinually . abloom witli their many floral
offerings. . -
Caro Crockett has the prettiest pink cheek
it has ever been my lot to see, and the
way the color rises and melts in her sweet
young face Is to me an artistic delight. «
Thfe Russell Wilsons are going to San
Mateo for the summer. They have leased
a house there and will spend the next five
months in it. They leave early this week.
Mrs. It. Carroll and Miss Gertie Carroll
are spending a few weeks at Del Monte.
Later on they leave for an extended Euro
pean trip.
Mrs. Louis Parrott and the Misses Par
rott have arranged to pass the season at
Del Monte. The Misses Parrott were to
have made their debut last winter, but the
untimely death of their little cousin Just
previous to their coming-out party put
the entire family into mourning.
The Misses Alice and Ethel Hager have
also chosen Del Monte as the place at
which they will spend their sum
mer. The Hager girls were at Del
Conflicting Tales Told by
Grace Winter's Hus
band.
LOS ANGELES. May 12.— The death of
Grace Winters will be officially investi
gated by a Coroner's to-morrow. It
developed to-day that there was an insur
ance of $1000 on her life.
When first arrested the young man as
serted that his wife accidentally shot her
self while crawling under a barbed wire
fence, dragging his shotgun with her.
Since then he has told half a dozen dif
ferent stories. His last is as follows:
"My wife and I started out yesterday
morning for a little hunting. We drove
out to a place near the East Side slaugh
ter house and come to a barley field,
where I hitched the horse to a post and
held the barbed wires of the fence apart
so my wife could crawl through. I then
went back to the buggy for a pair of old
shoes, and while I was lacing them my
wife called out that there were some
doves in sight and I jumped out of the
i buggy, took my gun, cocked both barrels
and started to crawl through the fence.
My sleeve caught in the barbed wire and
the gun was discharged while I was in a
stooping posture between the second and
third wires of the fence. My wife was
standing about six feet from the fence at
the time and at the report of the gun she
fell wtihout a word and I brought her
home in the buegy."
Detective Aubie, who has visited the
scene of the tragedy and carefully exam
ined the surroundings, declares that if the
gun had been discharged while Winters
was in a stooping position, as he- relates,
and his wife six feet away, the shot. would
have entered the woman's head or neck
or passed harmlessly over her head, and
that, in any case, its range would have
been upward. The autopsy showed that
the shot took a downward course at an
angle of forty-five degrees. — .
. While the woman was lying dead at her
home on Workman street Winters called
on Ed Ingraham, a bartender, with whom
he had left the insurance policy on his
wife's life, and notified him" that he
would need it. He also called on the in
surance company and consulted with
them In regard to the payment of the pol
icy. Detectives are working on the theory
that the husband committed a murder. /
MRS. McMULLIN'S little Bister,
winsome Gertrude, is the hap
piest girl in all the city. Ger
trude is only 10, but the dignity
of being known as Miss Thomas
is rightfully hers. On the day" preced
ing her wedding Mrs. Mollie gave Ger
trude her visiting cards and her plate.
"You are Miss Thomas now," she said
to the pretty golden-haired child, and lit
tle Miss Thomas was happy beyond ex
pression. ';-.,v^'V>':
I knew Mollle Thomas would make a
magnificent bride, but she was stun
ning beyond my greatest hopes.' J Her
gown was regal, and she wore it as only
Mollie Thomas— I beg her pardon, as only
Mollle McMullin— can. When she came
in on the arm of her father, all shimmer
ing in white satin and with that im
mense bunch of American Beauty roses
hugged closely to her side, the admiring
"ahs" and "ohs" were thick about her.
Such presents as Mollie Thomas-McMul
lin got! Verily, I believe the merchants'
silver showcases must have looked empty
on the wedding day. A week before the
wedding the presents began to arrive, and
not until the morning of the happy day
did they cease to come.
There were many elegant gowns worn
at the wedding, but to my taste none
was ? more handsome than the wonderful
creation worn by the bride's mother. The
body of the gown was of blue panne vel
vet. The front of the corsage and the
front width of the skirt were of blue
silk, brocaded in blue velvet. of immense
pattern. Corsage and skirt were trim
med with quantities of point applique, the
same lace as graced the bride" s dress.
June 26 is the date set for the wedding
of Mary Scott and Walter Martin. It
is to be a noon wedding, and will be cel
ebrated- at the bride's home at ' Burlin
game. Mary Scott has made her mother
in-law-to-be happy and has joined the
Catholic church, so a Catholic clergyman
will pronounce the binding words.
MisSyScott returned last week from her
Eastern visit. During her stay in New
York she left large orders with
the leading costumers and hatmakers.
Her trousseau, which certainly will be one
of the handsomest that ever made a Cal
ifornia bride happy, will come entirely
from Eastern workshops.
Only you and I, who have no country
homes, still linger in town. We will stay
over till next week to help in the general
greeting to our President, and then we
will flit to. the mountains or the seaside
and freckle our noses and brown .our
hands and wait with due humility for
the several invitations to house parties
which we know are sure to come.
I know of " more than one girl who
hopes Georgia Hopkins will ask her for
a few days to join in the fun that is al
ways sure to be part and parcel of the
happy summer at the Hopkins place at
Menlo. The Hopkinses are settled at their
home for the season, and have looked al
ready as far ahead as the glorious Fourth.
There are to be skyrockets and boms to
punctuate the birthday of liberty and a
thousand and one surprises for those who
will make up their great big house party.
The Crocketts and. of course, their
charming daughter Caro, are entitled at
their place at Burllngame. There Is al
ways more or less entertaining- going on
at the Crocketts— affairs that are awfully
jolly and delightfully unostentatious. My
eves are turned expectantly, in the direc
tion of the Crockett place. I hear that it
is there that' the lucky Scott heir will
claim the heart and hand of the blushing
Caro. By the way, I want to state right
here that "blushing Caro" is not a mere
figure of speech. It is downright fact.
POLICE THINK
IT WAS MURDER
- it- f- - \ _¦•--¦¦•.---¦-'¦¦¦,:.. ¦ - -. ---.*-¦>¦-¦ ¦ •-; $ -¦ ¦ . ¦ •
THE SA'N FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 13, 1901.
7
SOCIETY: PREPARING FOR JOLLY TIMES
IN COUNTRY HOMES OF SWELL SET
BY SALLY, SHARP.
.(Braaa,/ VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
jSiir^&l MORMOX BISHOP'S PILL3
Jwia* frw^ have been in use over fifty
BeP^iStfSa years by the leaders of the
mRk*3 iUtrvS 'Mormon Church and their fol-
B*5*fo f iKvBS!3 lowers. Positively cure the
Knr!&V'Ta 1 'Sp9 worst cases in old and young
fSV'sMv rSSS arising from effects of self-
Wa^*\1^3' abuse, dissipation, excesses or
li?iw!ftW cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
yaKy3fSf Manhood. Impotency, Lost
¦• Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Kvll Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mm jm* Vericocele or Con-
etipation. Stops Ne^ fj rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects ZlLjZL* * !• immediate.
Impart vigor- and CEi * TS Potency to every
function. Don't «et despondent: a cure Is at
hand Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
40 Ellis St., San Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRUG CO.. '38 and 40 Third st.
DR.P3ERCES I
MEDICAL
.FOR THE~™
I BE_OO6,UV£R.L8JMGS.|
DR.METEBS&CD. j|pl%
Specialists. , Dis- <jfl|j" f
ease and "Weakness fljSwf j_^ >Sj
lished^i. Consul- Wffl 3cP^pP-
tation and private vaft. I /-l!
book free, at office >Sim,.J jnfSs&J
or by mail. • Cures vJSff-pJftfe^H*
guaranteed. 731 *^l**WK*fl
Market street (ele- A ;rS8*L*M5r
vator entrance),
San Francisco. ' +£Mm^Sim } isSm!33&'
ORPP nfjWB 1 Corner Fourth, and
lftrtHuil\L||«i
. . valises checked free.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
JOSEPHINE^GASSMAN
And Fer Three Pickaninnies.
MADELINE FRANKS: THE -SAMAOOAS:
POWERS & FREED; CARROLL; MAUD
McINTTRE: HALL SUBDUING WALLACE.
THE UNTAMABLE LION.
NEW MOViiNG PICTURES.
FORREST SEABURY,
t THE FAMOUS ' HIGH DIVER.
AMATEUR r(IQHT, THURSDAY.
Telephone "for Seats— Park .23.
Grand Flower SKbw,
California State Floral Society.
GRAND NAVE, FERRY BUILDING.
Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
\i v MAY 16, 17. 18.
ADMISSION 25c. Day a*d Evening.
EXCURSION
• To I witness the ' launch of the U. S.- BAT-"
TLESHIP OHIO, Saturday. May 18, 1201, Cal-
ifornia Transportation Company's steamers
.Pride of the River and Onlsbo will leave
Jackson > st. - pier No. 5, 10:30 a. m. .Only a
limited number of " tickets will be sold for
these steamers. Tickets, $1. For sale at the
Emporium and DOREY & CUNNINGHAM'S,
509 Montgomery St., 4 and 802 Market st" " •
FISCHER'S concert house.
f.* i f--TT.r'rr--r Admission lOc. .
Damery and Bancroft, Augusta Salvlnl,
Clara Palmer Hyde, De Boe,' Belle Wilton and
Evans. . Devees and Evans. -
| Reserved ' Seats, 25c. .• Matinee Sunday.
'':-C .
ESTABLISHED 1873.
TELEPHONE . ,-tf*% £¥£%£
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Above Kearny, only two blocks from an
leading: hotels.
"IMPORTING AVD RETAIL GROCERS*
. DEPARTMENTS.
Delicacies, Wines and Liquors,
Kitchen" and Household .Ware. .
Perfumes,- Toilet Articles. -
Brushes, Combs, Sponges,
Crackers and Candies,
LUNCH BASKETS put up in all s'zes
and prices.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
MONDAY-TDESDAY. -WEDNESDAY
Eggs, onr bast . \ dozen 18c
. Jieguiarly 22^c dozen. .
2 |3oz. 33c.
"Old' Glory" Whisky—
rS;'.-VV .,-' Reg. $1 ...Large bot 73c
v Reg. 50c Pint bot 35c
As pood as the name. Nine years old.
' (First and only special sale of this
brand.)
Sherry, "Amontillado" •> bot $2 50
¦-".-. :.? Gallon....' i flO.OO
Vintage 1830. Ne plus ultra. Finest .
- sherry ever Imported from Spain.
Coffee,. Oriental . 2 lbs 55c
• * Regr. 35c. A high grade blend. Koast-.
, ed and ground^fresh dally.
Flavoring Extracts— L. L & Co.'s
. Vanila 2-ounce bot. 5-ounce bot.
-'¦-•,"¦ Reg. 25c. Reg. 50c.
Now 20c Now 40c
Lemon Reg. 23c.. Reg. 40c.
Now 2Oc ' Now 3Oc
Talcum Powder, "Mennen's," tin 15c
) . ! Borated. For infants and adults.
Tooth Brush, "Kent's" 30c
Reg. ' 40c. Guarantee to replace by
new one if bristles come out.
Tooth Powder, "Victoria" bot 20c
-Reg.' 23c. Listerated or plain.
Corn,"Go!den Queen," f 0 e c 3 3 cans 25c
PaVorita de Cal. Claret-
Reg. $100 doz. qts 93.25
Reg. $3 50 doz. pts $2.15
We cannot recommend anything bet-
ter for a light old table wine.
Cognac, 3-star - , bot $135
Reg. $1 75. Bottled in France, Tri-
coche. Bonnlpt & Co.
Toilet Paper— '
Milton, rolls, reg. 4 for 23c... 5 for 25c
-Cascade, sheets ......4,for 25c
Ginger Ale,,"Puritas" J&doz $1 20
Root Beer/"Pnritas" S, c £o doz $1 10
• Full of sparkle and life. We allow
15c on ' return of a dozen empties.
Royans a la Vatel tin 12£c
• Reg.' 15c. Very piquant, sardines with
pickles and truffles.
Paprika, "just received"—
2-oz. tin. 4-oz. 8-oz.
Reg 15c 25c ' 40c
10c 20c 35c
Cherries in Maraschino, large bot 55c
Regularly 65c. "Superfine."
Cigars, "Old Glory"— each 5c
Box of 25..... $1.25
Box of 100 ..?4.5O
Excellent value. Full line of all lead-
j Ing imported and Key West Cigars.
AMUSEMENTS. ; * •
A PRESIDENTIAL WELCOME BILL
JAMES O. BARROWS. JOHN LANCASTER
AND COMPANY: BISON CITY QUAR-
TETTE. ED LATELLE. THE FOUR HUNT-
INGS. ZEB AND ZARROW, THE BDtO-
GRAPH.
Last Week of ta» Favorites.
THE AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRB AND HEATH.
Reserved seats 23c, Balcony 10c, Opera Chairs
and Box Seats 30c.
SPECIAL MATINEES
Wednesday, Tnursday, Friday,
Saturday and Sunday.
*TJ VO LI*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at &.
TO-MGHT
First production In this city.
The Celebrated London Success : !
THE
'Sparkling' with Fun and Musla
POPULAR PRICES 25o and 50o
Telephone — Bush 9.
' ; ~
LAST 6 NIGHTS
AND SATURDAY MATINEB. .' .
X/ll.-Y HERNE ' S
JrtvJ great play
harbor:
A STORY OF HEART AND HOME.
Last Performance Saturday Night.
NEXT MONDAY— HENRY MILLER tM
"HEARTSEASE."
y III ' ' ' '
TO GREET THE NATION'S PRESIDENT.
TO-NIGHT!*
All This "Week, Matinee Saturday.
SPECIAL BARGAIN MATINEES EVERY
THURSDAY.
Prices 25c and 60c reserved
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting CLYDE FITCH'S Dramatic
Triumph,
BARBARA
FR I ETC HIE.
Evening 25c. 33c. 50c. 75c. $1.00
Saturday Matinee. » 35c. 50c. 75o
NEXT— "PHROSO."
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
- •¦"¦•'. ¦. — —
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY!
Commencing THIS (Monday) EVENING,
FLORENCE STONE AND JACK WEBSTER.
Supported by Our New Stock Company, '
In Daniel L. Hart's Great Drama.
"GOVERNMENT
ACCEPTANCE;"
One of Stuart Robson's Greatest Successes.
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c. A Few Seats, 75c.
A Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra
SATURDAY and SUNDAY MATINEES. 25c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE— EMPORIUM.
BELASCOA*aTNMLSjfejflVfr
I ¦¦ mmftVTJ* CITY ******
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA • MATIXEE NEXT WEDNESDAY.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
The Champion Featcer-Weight.
TERRY McGOVERN
IN HIS GREAT SUCCESS.
".THE BOWERY AFTcR DARK."
A Sensational Melodrama.
Terry McGovern ADOears as the Bowery Boy
In Every Act.
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Efrery Evening
In the T«st Act Between Terry Mc-
Govern and Danny Dougherty.
AnifCC EVENINGS. .....10c. 15c. 23c, 33c, 50c
FnlvE3 MATINEES 10c. 13c, 25c
Next Week— "MONTE CRISTO."
TO-NIGHT and" Entire "Week,
EXTKA MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
Our President's Greeting.
Elaborate Scenic Production of Milton Royla'i
Comedy Drama,
FRIENDS!
¦ Reserved Seats— 15c. 23c, 35c. 50c.
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Next— "THE FIRST BORN."
ALHAMBRA
FUNNIEST SHOW IN TOWN I
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
M COLUMBIA IT
INSTEEL COMPANf
ft ft Blaek-Faee Artists— Sing- ft {%
nil ers. Dancers. Comedians, kit
UU Vaudeville Performers. UU
LARGEST ORGANIZATION IN EXIST-
ENCE
PRICES '. 1 10c, 25c and 50a
Seats at the Theater and the Emporium.
Phone Howard. 1974.
RACING ! RACING I RACING I
6PRINQ MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday - and Saturday. Rain ¦ or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
-with trains . stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy Tour
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. .Oak-
land. ' Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cam
ro direct to the track In fifteen mlnutea.
¦- Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race,
THOMiS H. WILLIAM3 JR.. President.
R. B.-MILROY. Secretary.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
'.- Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 10 p. cl
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN So.
Bathing, Including admission. ISc. Children, 10*.
FREE RENT UNTIL THE FIRST OF JUNE.
No. 1901 Oak st is a cosy five-room flat
and one of the most elegant and tastefully
furnished fiats among the lot; it rents for
$22.50 Furnishings complete $491.
No. 1903 Oak st. is a large, commodious
flat of seven rooms, facing the park. It
rents for $3t Cost of furnishings $S65.
No. 1907 Oak st. Is the upper flat, facing
Golden Gate Park. It has seven rooms
en the main floor and three large, ele-
gantly finished rooms in the attic; the
latter rooms are not furnished. It rents
for $37.50. The furnishings complete $1080.
No. ' 1911 Oak st. is the lower Gat of
seven rooms, facing Golden Gate Park.
It rents for $29. Cost of furnishings com-
plete $743.
No. 403 Cole st. is the middle corner flat
of six rooms and certainly the most de-
sirable one. Dining room and parlor fac-
ing Golden Gate Park and three bed-
rooms facing Cole st. It rents for $40.
Cost of furnishings $1061.
No. 405 Cole St., corner upper flat of six
rooms and two large attic rooms. The lat-
ter two are not furnished. x It rents for
$41. Cost of furnishings $941.
No. 407 Cole st. is the lower flat of six
rooms. It rents for $30. Cost of furnish-
ings J738.
No. 409 Cole st. is a middle flat of six
rooms. It rents for $37.50. Cost of fur-
nishings $921.
No. 411 Cole st is the upper flat of six
rooms with two large attic rooms. The
latter two are not furnished. It rents for
$38. Cost of furnishings $S24.
Below we give description, rental and cost of furnishings of the separate
flats— CUT IT OUT FOR REFERENCE when visiting the flats. .
PATTOSIEN & CO., Cor Sixteenth and Mission.
Out on Col estreet. co rner of Oak street, opposite the Park Panhandle,
is a building — just finished —^vhich contains 9 flats, not apartments, but dis-
tinctly separate flats; each flat has its own entrance. These flats are for rent,
and the Furniture, Carpets and Curtains are. for sale— = each_flat_as_a_yvhole.
These flats are open for your inspection to-day (Monday), and all week until
sold, from 9 till 12 a. m. and from 2 to 5 p. m.; also evenings by appointment.
Telephone Private Exchange 604. \ .
It is not a matter of guesswork when we affirm that we are offering each
of these flats for from $5 to $10 less rental per month than any similar flats
could be* rented for at the present time, for it stands to reason that any owner
•will gladly accept a low offer when he can lease his whole, building to us for
a whole year — and the benefit is yours.
To sell as low as we are offering the furnishings of the above illustrated
flats, there must be large selling and large_manufacturing in order to get all
the advantages.
Gushing in print would be absurd when simple facts are all we need to
make the deepest impressions.
Each separate flat has been furnished with due regard for price, and we
have, so considered the popular demand that, notwithstanding the extreme'
beauty and intrinsic value of the furnishings, not a single article is above the
ordinary in price.
It will be impossible in print to touch upon some of the most interesting
features of the different styles and coloring in the Furniture, Carpets or Drap-
eries, so complete, so novel and so bewildejjngly beautiful, and we simply say
it must be seen to be appreciated.
Of course, ladies, you are all welcome to look, with no thought of buying
unless you find it to your interest and advantage to do so.
mSTOEIXAireOXTS. ' ££
A GRAND AND NOVEL IDEA.
flTne Most Elegantly Furnished Flats fop Rent
and the Furnishings fop. Sale on •
Papk Panhandle— Ellis=st. Cap Line. /v\
ejmj~~t5~~~ Jim -h HLKni^^Fs^^s—i' ymi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STUDY THE MATTER
a little and the important relation of the
teeth to beauty will be realized^ Our. .
TEETH WITH OUT PLATES
are perfect in. form, 1 color and fit. -Im-
possible to tell them from natural teeth.
Perform all the functions of mastication
with comfort to the wearer.
; -.We make a specialty • of this ,work,
guarantee satisfaction, at a charge of $5.
chalmersIental cti.,
San Francisco. 133 Powel^St.
••PALACE HOTELi-
- -.?-->' '.;'. 1- ¦ • '¦ . i ¦. -; ."\ •¦¦.¦'. ¦ j ' ¦
Visitors to San Francisco who" mako
their ; headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not ..to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca.'
tlon, courteous attaches and unequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
-GRAND HOTELS
1 There is no f
I Doubt I
I ¦'?
7/ cf the good results ob- |
& tainable in amateur 5 Z
S photography when
.y the camera used' is a )j)
MONROE.' 1
f - s
\ Three^ styles. Our \
j! price, pocket size, re- 'I
I duced to S2.50. %
\ Other sizes S4 00 >;
\ and S6.00. ))
\ Orders by mail 'J
t ptomptly filled.
!| j
mUiimEb.hop. 42TWBDST.missionaries and teachers to Convert the
heathens. . Hospitals and homes are erect
ed, and through the deaconess bureau, an
adjunct of. the society, the sick and des
titute are cared for. About $500,000 is col
lected and disbursed annually by the so
ciety, i' > ¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ . -. ¦"•-¦¦•,¦¦
LADIES WHO HAVE CHARGE OF MISSIONARY WORK IN THE HA
WAIIAN ISLANDS, WHERE THERE ARE' 10,000 JAPANESE 4 FE
MALES WHOM IT IS HOPED TO MAKE CHRISTIANS.
Why Don't You Travel by SeaP
Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., 4 New. Montgomery st.,' and inform
yourself concerning that company's Im
proved service and low rates to Los An
gfcles, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Tacoma,
Seattle, Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports. • --/ ' . .
KING EDWARD TTTANKS
SUBJECTS IN NEW. -YORK
Expresses Appreciation of Messages
of Sympathy Sent on Death of
Queen Victoria. r
NEW TORK, May 12.^KIng: Edward
VII, through the Marquis of Lansdowne,
Secretary for Foreign Affairs, has sent
his thanks to the British community! In
New York for. the message -of sympathy
sent to him by them on the death of
Queen Victoria. Sir Percy Sanderson;
British Consul General, to-day made an
nouncement of the fact In the 1 following
message:
"In obedience to the King's command,
signified to me by the Marauis of Lans
dowfce, I have the honor to convey to the
British community in New York his Ma
jesty's sincere thanks for the'highly ap
preciated message of sympathy and good
will contained in the address of the com
munity on the occasion ot\ the a^reat" loss
which has been sustained by- the. King,
his royal house and his subjects through
out the world by -the lamented 'death of
her -Majesty Queen Victoria; Empress of
India. . ¦ ¦- \l.- ':':¦'¦¦ l ¦•-•. -¦•¦¦.' .-¦ , .; •
. "His Majesty has noticed with much
interest and* appreciation that. »x-Britlsh
subjects, now naturalized American citi
zens, were by their desire included in; the
address from the British community in
New York." '. • >
AITXIOTJSI/Sr AWAITING NEWS
FROM MINTSTER LEISHMAN
Has Failed Thus Far to Report to
Government Concerning Turk
ish Postal Trouble.
WASHINGTON. May 12.-Mr. Leishman.
our Minister to Constantinople, up to this
time has not communicated with the State
Department respecting the trouble at the
Turkish capital over the efforts of *he
Porte to suppress the foreign postofnees.
Inquiry here discloses the fact that the
tTnited States is one of the few great
powers which does not maintain an ab
solutely independent postal service be
tween Constantinople and the outside
world. The others have a • system of
closed mail pouches by which "the malls
are not permitted to pass through the
Turkish hands while in transit between
the border and the embassies at Constan
tinople. The British Government has a
fine postoffice building not far from lis
embassy and Austria and " France also
have suitable postal establishments at
Constantinople. These were established
originally not so much from, a lack of
confidence in the integrity of the Turkish
Government as from the inferior charac
ter of the Turkish postal service some
years ago. It is possible for any foreign
citizen resident in Constantinople to re
ceive his mall directly upon
to the postoffice at his embassy. The priv
ilege is not limited to embassy cttaches
or official mail and this fact has long been
a matter of discontent for the Turks, who,
having sought to improve their own pos
tal service by placing It under the direc
tion of German experts, feel that they
have a right to get rid of these foreign
offices, which they claim facilitates mud
dling". The«_'nited States Government, not
having a postoffice of its own, always has
made use of the facilities of the French
Austrian and British postal system T tti
Constantinople.
More Than One Hundred Persons In
jured in an Accident Near
TBOLLEY CAR DASHES
DOWN STEEP GRADE
Fort Lee, N. J.
NEW YORK. May 12.— An open trolley
car in which were packed about .115 per
rons got away from the motorman near
Fort Lee, K. J., to-day and
dashed down Leona Hill. Every
person in the car was bruised
and three were seriously hurt, but only
one of them Is likely to die. Frank Sun
struck, the conductor, it is feared may
lose his life on account of internal In
juries, and J. E. Robinson and his wife of
this city are the two others who were
seriously hurt.
The heavily Isu&en car had started down
an incline a quarter of a mile In length
when the motorman lost control. The car
was going so fast that no one dared Jump
off. The road is a winding one and at the
foot of the hill it curves sharply. When
the front trucks hit the curve they started
around it an<j made it. The rear ones fol
lowed part of the way. The wrench upon
the car, however, as it swung about was
eo great that the body was lifted and
torn from the trucks and rolled over and
hit the ground. The passengers were
caught in and under the car and were
piled In a heap.
LONDON 'CHANGE
REMAINS WARY
f»y»«rtHE initial .step in missionary work
| in Hawaii which is to be Inaugu-
I rated by the "Woman's Home Mis-
LL slonajy Society of the Methodist
Episcopal church was taken Satur
day by Miss Libby Blois, who sailed on
the steamer Peru to prosecute the work.
The society is extending the sphere of its
Influence to our new possessions. Already
schools and homes are in process of be
ing built in Porto Rico and the Philip
pines." ¦ Wherever the flag is planted this
patriotic society enters the field with its
American Stocks Fail to
Recover Former
Values.
LONDON, May 12.— For the last week
the attention of the stock market has
been so attracted to Americans that lit
tle has been done In locals. Good buying
followed, whereupon the feeling was im
proved. The close in Americans was
firm, but below the level of New York.
There still exists some uneasiness in for
eigners.
The record of the quotations fluctu
ations during the last week is practically
valueless, as they have been so abnormal
that they furnish little valuable indica
tion of conditions. Most Americans show
an improvement, but 'closed under the
best prices of the week.
Union Pacific recovered 6^, Wabash
kVi, Baltimore and Ohio and Illinois Cen
tral , 4, Denver and Rio Grande 3, Erie
preferred 2%. Louisville and Nashville,
Atchison and Chesapeake and Ohio re
covered 2 points, and the others fraction
ally. <r
Foreign securities were cheerful at
first. Coppers ha\-e been but
were strong on balance.
Money was in good supply.
BERLIN, May" 12.— Throughout last
week the German Boerses studied the
Wall street situation with the most in
tense Interest, but with great reserve and
in expectation of a crash. The Frankfur
ter Zeitung now remarks that "the direct
interest of German speculation in Ameri
can securities Is at present not great, and
German bankers have largely reduced
their American holdings of late."
Nevertheless, the paper admits, the
events in Wall street have caused anxiety
in this country because a reaction has
been feared upon European markets. In
common with the Berliner Tageblatt and
other representative journals, the Frank
furter Zeitung interprets the experience
of Wall street during the week as show
ing- the' evils of cash settlements, arguing
that such wild fluctuations would have
been Impossible if sales for future deliv
ery existed. . .
The reaction here Thursday was not
•heavy and there was a partial recovery
yesterday.
HIS MILLIONS |"OB
WESTERN INSTITUTIONS
Dr. Pearsons Will Henceforth Give
Nothing to Cities East of
Chicago.
CHICAGO, May 12.— After a 1 tour of the
West, Including visits to several colleges
which had been the objects of his bene
factions. Dr. D. K. Pearsons has returned
to Chicago and announced that he has
drawn a line through Chicago and has
disinherited everything and everybody
east of that line from any share in the
money he still expects to give away. Not
.one penny. Dr. Pearsons says, ever will go
to any- institution east of Chicago. The
million or two dollars that he intends to
dispose of within the next year are all
for the "West.
Dr. Pearsons' statement was drawn out
partly by the visit of a trustee of Mtddle
burj' (Vt.) College, who came here to seek
an addition to his endowment fund.
"I came back from Missouri with my
mird made- up," said Dr. Pearsons to 'a
reporter. "I have drawn a line north and
south through Chicago and I shall never
ko east of thnt line. 3 have not forgotten
Chicago and I am going to do something
handsome for the city before long. I have
my plans all laid now." . :¦ ,~ •
Dr. Pearsons at last has retired from
business ,in Chicago. Hereafter he will
devote himself ' to 'gardening," raising
chickens . and driving about the country
near his place at Hinsdale.
According to Kenrle B. Murray, secre
tary of the London Chamber, the kindliest
feelings have ' prevailed between the two
Chambers of Commerce for many years,
and at the tlm'fe of the Venezuelan diffi
culties, though political - feelings r ran
high, cables were, exchanged , oetwetn
New York and London conveying assur
ances of commercial friendship.
Altogether, this festival of commerce
will last for the greater part of, a week.
The entertainment of the American vis
itors, of which the banquet at Grocers'
Hall is to be the most prominent feature,
promises to be on a scale hitherto quite
unsurpassed. There will be a reception by
the Lord Mayor in the Egyptian Hall of
the Mansion House on Friday, while Lord
Brassey and others will give garden par
ties. Details of two other Important
functions have yet to. be decided UDon. .
Most of the greatest commercial houses
in England will be represented, while
from America will come twenty-five mil
lionaires, headed by J. Pierpont Morgan,
Mr. Carnegie and Morris. K. Jesup, pres'
dent of the New York Chamber of Com
merce.
LONDON, May 12.— A banquet to be
given by the London Chamber of Com
merce to the New York Chamber on June
5 will mark the friendly union of , th8
principal men of commerce of England
and America. It is an endeavor to cement
the friendship which has long existed be
tween the two countries. \
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
Twenty-Five American
Millionaires Will Be
Banqueted.
from the fact that there are at the pres
ent writing: 10,000 Japanese women In Ha
waii who are susceptible of Christian en
lightenment. Her work will be principal
ly applied to the conversion of the women
of that race. After she has looked over
the ground plans will be drawn up for the
building, of a home and schoolhouse, and
it Ms expected that before another six
months roll around the work will- be es
tablished on a sound basis in the Islands
and, add renewed luster to the efforts
made by the Woman's Home Missionary
Society in behalf of the people of less fa
vored lands.
LONDON TO FETE
HEW YORK HEN
Anti- American Combine.
.VIENNA,. May 12.— The \WeIner Allge
maine) Zeituns,* reviving * the f recent ' re
ports of '-combined European , - action
against the United States in the industri
al world, : asserts that Germany, and Aus
tria- are negotiating ,' with a view ' to the
formation of a European league to resist
American competition.
Will Fly the German Flag. )'¦
NEW YORK, May 12.— Following the
announcement of the visit to this city of
Director General Albert Ballin /of the
Hamburg- American Steamship: Company
the announcement is made that the Ham
burg-American has acquired the Atlas
steamship line, 'which for the • past thirty,
years has 'plied : between Jamaica, Hayti,
and Central-America. The Atlas line was
formerly owned ' by ¦¦ an English corpora
tion, but under the Hamburg-American
lineit wllLfly the German flag. — , '
LONDON, May 13i— The Dally Mail pub
lishes the following from Malta:. "A bomb
wasexploded^t midnight against the res
idence of the .Archbishop, but no serious
damage was done." ' •-'.'
Attempt to Wreck the Residence of a
Catholic Dignitary in
Malta. lL"
BOMB HURLED , AGAINST 1
ARCHBISHOP'S ; DWELLING
Maimed.
FAIRBURY, N. B.. May 12.— A horse
doctor named Ziegler and George Browner
were having a' fight back of 'Colby's bil
lfard hall early this morning, when the
Rock Plains ' switch engine, pushing a
train of cars out of the way, ran over the
two men. cutting off both Ziegler's feet
and injuring Browner's right hand. Both
men were under the influence of liquor.
Ziegler has since died.' It will be necessary
to amputate Browner's. right hand.
Cue of Them Dies From His Injuries
and the Other Is Badly '
TRAIN RUNS OVER TWO ,
MEN WHO ARE FIGHTING
. Cardinal Martinelli. ,
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Cardinal Mar
tinelli celebrated pontifical high mass to
ftJay at St. Aloysius. Church. The edifice
was thronged, many Catholic clergymen
attending to hear his Eminence at his
first mass since his elevation to the car
dinalate. The Cardinal was robed , in
black with an • almost invisible red • bor
der. He wore the red berretta. Count
Colacchici, the Papal, messenger, stood
throughout the services, arrayed in his
brilliant uniform, always close to the
Cardinal. More than 1000 electric lights
beamed in the. church, making the scone
one of great beauty. - .
St. Aloysius Church Thronged by
Worshipers Anxious to Hear
CELEBRATES HIS FIRST
PONTIFICAL .' HIGH MASS
Four Carloads of Machinery and Tools
Taken Along by the Pros
pecting Party.
CHICAGO, May 12.— A party of 100, in
cluding civil engineers; machinists, mining
experts, assayers and ' guides, left Chi
cago to-night for New York, whence they
will sail on May 14 for Colombia, South
America, in quest of gold along the river
Nechl. > Already, there are four carloads
of machinery and tools at New York,
which will be taken along and used by the
party.-. " . : . >-*v
The property which is to be explored
lies 200 miles from Zaragoza. on. the Masr
delcna River. It comprises 1000 acres' and
was recently acquired by Philip de Block
of the Inland Steel . Company and Louis
Benjamin of the Block-Pollak Iron Com
pany. ¦ >~
SAIL FOR COLOMBIA
LN QUEST. OF GOLD
Deputy Sheriff Arthur, arrived here to
day with a requisition from the Governor
of Ohio for. Joe Wade, who is wanted for
the alleged murder of Joe Turner at
Akron, Ohio, on November 21, 1899. , !
The officer said he had traveled over 5000
miles through various States in search of
¦Wader who was "arrested here last week
through the medium of his picture and de
scription printed in a Chicago paper. Wade
had been here about six months and was
employed on one of. the Metropolitan Wa
ter Board's contracts. Wade showed
great fear when confronted by the Ohio
men, but, said he would return without
making any trouble. They started for
Akron at noon. •
Alleged Murderer Is Caught After a
Chase Extending Through
£. . . Many States. - ,
CLINTON, Mass., May 12.— Frank G.
Kelly of Akron, Ohio, accompanied by
WILL BE RETURNED TO
SCENBOF HIS CRIME
BUFFALO, May 12.— The booth in the.
Manufacturers' and Liberal Arts building
at the Pan-American grounds, which has
caused so much friction between the labor
unions and the Exposition officials • and
which .threatened to -involve all the men
employed on the ¦ grounds in a general
strike, was removed to-day, and it is now
believed that all the carpenters will go to
work to-morrow mprnihg. The booth ob
jected to is the only one in any of the
buildings manufactured in mills where
non-union men are employed, and as this
is the only cause of complaint that the
union carpenters have the officials, are
confident that there will be no more trou
ble.
3 The attendance at the grounds to-day
was good/ notwithstanding that it rained
for about two 'hours during that part of
the day when most- of the sightseers vis
ited the' Exposition. Sacred concerts fur
nished entertainment for the visitors.
Booth Manufactured in "N"on- Union
. . . Mill Is Removed From the
1 Grounds.
EXPOSITION OFFICIALS
: YIELD TO' LABOR UNIONS
Colonel Sandherr, whom Esterhazy now
implicates, died of " brain disease *soon
after the trial of Dreyfus. He was a
member of the general staff and a fanat
icaJ anti-Semite. ' ¦ . .
'.¦ The bordereau" which Esterhazy con
fesses to have written was found in bits
among . the waste* paper in the German
Embassy in Paris. It was pieced to
gether and found to contain valuable mil
itary information. Dreyfus was accused
of having been its author,
. /Esterhazy, a soldier . of fortune of the'
shadiest type, was one of the chief oppo
nents-of ¦ Dreyfus. Denounced by M.
Mathieu Dreyfus,- brother of the Devils
Isle exile, as the writer of the bordereau,
he was tried and acquitted amid an anti-
Jew manifestation. He was, however, ex
pelled from the army and x has since gravi
tated between Holland", London and Jfarls,
now fully admitting he wrote the bor
dereau, and now denying that he ever
said so. . ¦ .. .
BRUSSELS, May 12.— The Independence
Beige publishes affidavits signed "by Count
Ferdinand Walsin-Esterhazy before the
French Consul in London admitting the
authbrship of the Dreyfus bordereau and
declaring- - that it was written with the
connivance of Colonel Sandherr, ex-chief
of the Secret Intelligence Bureau.
Says He Wrote the Bordereau
; With Colonel j Sandherr's
Connivance.
Esterhazy's Latest Con
| fession of Dreyfus
Forgery.
SHARES INFAMY
WITH THE DEAD
GOES AS A MISSIONARY
TO THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Miss-Libby Blpis Is Sent by the- Woman's
Home Society to Labor Among Japanese
Women in Newly Acquired Territory
When darkness fell* the glare from the
burning poles illuminated the sky for
miles. The firemen worked on the fire
almost all night to keep it from spread-
Ing to other property, for they realized
that It would simply have to burn itself
out In the Western Union storage yards.
While this fire was. burning the lumber
yard of G. A. Raupf & Co.. in Ecorse,
about a mile from Delray. was set on nre
by sparks from a passing engine, and 500.
000 feet of lumber destroyed. The loss is
about $75,000, covered by insurance.
The plant of the Maltby Lumber Com
pany was the last on the river bank, and
it was soon destroyed, together with a
large stock of cedar poles which was
etored In the "company's yard.
From the Brownlee property the flre
jumped over into the large yard which
the Western Union Telegraph Company
used as a storage' point for its telegrapn
poles*. The yard is the distributing point
for ten States, and over 100,009 poles were
stored there. The fire swept through the
great yard, which comprises about eight
acres, in less than two hoursA-but the
l>ole.s blazed until far into the nig-ht. The
streams from the fireboat Battle were
centered on the yard, but they had no
effect In staying the flame?. The four
inch streams were turned into steam al
most before they reached the burning
piles of poles.
Delrav has a very small fire depart
ment. It responded with three engines
and the fireboat Battle. "Even the great
Ftreams of the fireboat were powerless
to check the flames, which were rolling
down the river bank for hundreds of feet.
DETROIT, May 12.— Fanned by a thirty
fivo rni'e an hour wind, fire this after
noon swept the west bank of the Rouse
River i:i Delray, a suburb to the , south
of Detroit, fcr three-quarters of a mile,
and destroyed over $800,000 worth of
property. Following are the losses: Sal
liotte &. Ferguson, lumber mill. SjO.QDO,
covered by insurance; Brownlee &. Com
pany's sawmill* Salt block and part of
their lumber, 515,000. insurance $15,000; the
Western Union Telegraph Company, loss
of cedar poles stored in a yard which
was swept by the flames, about $600,030,
insurance unknown; Corkin, Stickney &
Cramm. loss of dredger, which was tied up
at Salliotte & Ferguson's dock, $70,000,
insurance unknown; Ma!tby Lumber Com
pany, cedar poles and sawmill, $I>Q,000, in
surance S25.0i.i0. .
The fire originated shortly after 1 o clock
on the roof of the Sa'liotte & Ferguson
lumber mill. The mill had not been run
ning for several months, and the roof
was as dry as tinder. The building was
soon in ashes, and the tire swept across
¦ block to where dredger No. 5 was tied
u;>. Despite efforts to save her, this craft
¦was burned to the water's edsre. Great
embers were— sicked up by the wind and
dropped on the roof of Brownlee & Com
pany's mill and Salt bte.ck. and both of
ihese buildings were destroyed.
Michigan.
Western Union Telegraph
• Company Sustains Heavy
Loss.
Disastrous Fire Sweeps
Suburban Town in
LUMBER MILLS
GO UP IN SMOKE
,».,.. . , ... ........ . ¦ •¦ - T , ¦ ¦ ¦ F * ¦ -• - • W - K
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 13, 1901.
At the nineteenth annual meeting of the
society, held some months ago in Chicago,
the sum of $2500 was appropriated for new
work in Hawaii, and a special committee
of California ladies was. appointed to take
charge of the department. The commit
tee consists of Mrs. Bishop J.-W. Hamil
ton, president; Mrs. Jennie C. Winston of
Pacific Grove, secretary; Mrs. C. B. Per
kins, treasurer}- Mrs. William Abbott,
Mrs. A. C. Bane, Mrs. Murray Johnson of
Oakland and Mrs., J. C. Wiester. .
Miss Libby Blois, who hails from Hali
fax, N. S., has been engaged as a mis
sionary and English- teacher. • That- her
task is not an easy one may be gathered
8
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. '
: . . Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
I . . Daily. Dally. Daily. Daily.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p I:Sp
••.Merced •-. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
"Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4-45 a
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan City. 2:41 a I 7:30 a
".Chicago ; ...| 2:15 p | 9:00 p
- a lor morning, p for afternoon. -
/ 9:00 a. m. train 13 the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Car3 through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to'Eakersfield for accommodation of local
• first-class - passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train.
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:C0 p. m. is the Overland Express, -with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train strives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is TSakersfield Local, stooplns
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 111S Broadway.
I Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45, *1:43, 3:15.- 4:15. 5:15. »8:15, 6:45 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, "Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, *9:00, 10:00 11:00 11:30
a. m., 12:45, *l:30, 2:30. *3:45, 5:00. 6:00. 7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*) run to San'Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
i WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35, 1015
a. m., *12:25. 1:15. 2:20, •3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m.
. SUNDAYS-«:15, *3:00. 9:45. *1VM a. m., »12
m., 1:00. 2:15, *3:30, 4:30, »3:45, 6:43.-7:30, 10:10
p. . m. -
Trains , marked (•) start ' from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO'
, "WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:43. 7:55. 8:55, 1030
a.m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45,3:5'), 5:10, 6:20 p. m -
EXTRA TRIPS ¦ on - Mondays, "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m -
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m 1'15
1:20. 2:30, 3:45, 5:00. 6:13. 7:15. 10:30 p in " *
- THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a, m. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - ; ' > . . •_ .
i 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - ¦ ¦ ¦
. 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations
. 10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and war
stations. , J
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via S»us»Uto Ferry— Foot of Market SU' '
' LttVt I*N FRAN.' ' iftniVC SAN rtKAH
1-45P m "I- : '-'- -WEEK ;DAYS..;a 5 *** p - »•
4!l5 p." m" i su^ 0Ter 'W* " ""> tatkbx ) S : S I' M *
Fare, San FrandKS to Summit and Betaro 1 1 49 ' *
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Ffrry.
MARKET bT.'sk^SS^
Visitors to the city will buy; their wail
paper of G. W. Clark & Co., 653 Market. •
- - ADVERTISEMENTS.
§ Strictly Reliable.
Dr.Talcott
Diseases and
, Weakness of
f MEN ONLY'
Un the various forms of general
debility, and convalescence following certain
diseases, such is the lowered standard of tha
vital processes that the function of no organ is
perfectly performed, and. with the resulting de-i
presslon'the patient has a REAL weakness.
The physician's first thought, under these con-
ditions, is nerve and other tonics.
Not. Weakness ; Symptoms
By far the greater number of patients, how-
ever,' seeking reUef for . so-called "Weakness"
is furnished by healthy and robust men. On
examination, we find a Prostate Gland which
has been damaged by either a contracted dis-
. order or early dissipation. These patients
have no weakness' at all. Prematureness, Loss
of Vitality, etc., are the symptoms, or disor-
dered function, of the chronically inflamed
prostate srland. We find by curing this inflam-
mation that full vigor - at once . returns. ' It
should be understood that, tonics, electricity,
etc., might cure a real weakness, but would do -
harm In inflammation. The main object is to
reduce the size of the tender, swollen and in-
flamed prostate. . This we accomplish by local
treatment, thus avoiding drugs. Men who havo
unsuccessfully treated for a weakness should
now understand the cause of failure.' ¦¦ , •
l???_MA 1 ?KET_STBEET»_Cor t Sixths
/visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF ANATOMYf
f Q^ ' W51KAEZETST.l«t.6±&7tli,S.r.CiI. A
: j. The Lareest Anatomical Museum in the \
m -gpjU^. World. Weaknesses or any contracted B
* flcSt Sjfl disease positively cared by the oldest \
0 JS»1 b P ecialist on the Coast EsL 36 years. O
1 fl^^O OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f (tjueAl Consultation free and strictly private. \
Q I JJt&B Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
T.ffl }f vl H PotiUvt Cure in every case undertaken. \
Aril IB w rite for Book. PaiLOSOPOY of A
» U II^" KABRIAGE, MAILED FREE. CAT,
A ' fl it 'aluable book for mm) - ; ... j. ..<,' \
f I>R. JOBD AN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. "
«» rI is Big « is a non-polsonota
1 ' ilWlill'" *il remedy for Gonorrhoea.
Gleet, Spermatoi-rhaa,
JBaBwir, 1 to s duTi. 1&3 White', unnatural dij-
fflaBaf Guaranteed %9 chnrgf , or any inttamna-
BVoV not to itrietore. *^ tion, ! ritation or uicera-
E™ "BPreTeati contagion. tion it mucous mem*
RS%TKeEvaNSChEHIC»lCo. branes. Non-astringent.
1SS&CINCINNATI.0.n| Sold by DrnssriBU',
wSHik. n a a or Bent in P- ain wrapper,
"• "• *>®Ol by express, prepaid, Cor
VO«KWfca£CTPta *>-°°< or 3 bottles, »2.73.
. ",-Tmjjljjllpr-y • 83 c:. :ular sent on reqnost.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USEDAMIANA BITTERS, .THE
great Mexican remedy; gives " health and
strength. to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
RADWAT'S RKADI BKI.1KI!' has stood
unrivaled: before "the public >for 50 years as a
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats. . Influenza. Bron-
chitii. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, . Neuralgia,
Headache,: Tootache and all' pain. ' Internally
lor Malaria and' all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
RAH¥AY TBAVE1,.';..,
¥ Just a tittle better ¦
E than any other tram
| —a little better service— -
3 t more homelike •
1 feeling on the
lllMiTEP
H than you find elsewhere,
P and it runs like this
1 LEAVES SAM FRANCISCO
1*39 an Won Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun
ARRIVES CHICAGO
2.15 pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Ron Tues Wed
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO
ON THE i
SANTA FE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
(MshuLine, Foot of ilarket Street)
.lkavb — ysoM May B. 1961. — arbit«
"jjaWATBeiiioia. Suisun, «lmir». VkmCIo.
Kninsey and ancrmnento.:.. 7:53j
DaTls. WootUand. Kni«htaLai<Jinj,
MarysTille, Oroillle. s'.^r
7.-3OA Atlantit: Bxpress— Ogden *ad Vint 13:23y
TMOa Fort • ost». Martinez, fc-resno. H«u-
, • ford, VUalia, Vurter. tie 4^3?
8:0I>a Mwrtliiex, .San Uamon. Vallejo, Napa,
CaliRt(>c»aii»l.S»ut* Itosa «:2J»
»:<><» a Kilea. Plaasiuton, IjTennorf, Stock-
' ton, -Fresno, Hanford. Visalli. _
. • rorterri;l3 ~...... .s»5»
S:30a Shasta Kxpresa— Darin, W«U ms(for
Bartlett Springs), Wilhws. Red
Bluff. PorUand. :33»
HiSOa Han Juw, J.i?erraore, Ht->cktoii.
lulio. Sacrainrliti.. Tla .-UlUe.
¦ai"rjB*!ll«. Cliicp. lt»«l !»•¦«
8:3»a Oakilale, Chines* (Ycse^he), Ko-
• nora. Curt era.. .-. .?'-*
»:«»» HsywHrtls, >iili » ' ud \V .y Stutious. • l:i»t»A
«:4m»a Los Ange'.es Xxiwens — Ifarthiei.
Tracy, UUI.r. r . .1 ,,..«tou, ilerot-d
Kreaiio hi..! 1^8 Augelea 7:23»
! »:3»a Vail,).., BTurtiuj* »n>l War Stations »>»3*
IO:««A Th« Oteilaiul iJniiteil-Ot'deii, Uen-
Ter, Omaha. Chicagu OsnSF
f l:OOt> Suurutiiciii.o Ul»«r .SK>«lil«r» }3:O(»i
ScSDr JUj-WHrds, Nilrs ami Way Htati«na. ~:33?
4<»ur liuiiiciit. Winters, Suvumuiito,
Woii.llninl. Ki.itilits LaudliiK.
. M»rys»llle, Orotills I«:95a
4:O»r MHrtinez, Han Uaiiion. Vallejo.
Nairn «!itlwt.u^,». S»..t* ttim» " ! ? > " 1 *
¦f :DOr Ni!««., LiTcrmora. Btcckton. Lo.li... 1«» ; 33a
*::i«r Hij-wards. J<iles San.li.se,LiT»rnioro t Ss55 A
5:oop Tho Owl limited— Tracy, Stockton,
Kiesiiti; lUkersSelil, Mangns lot
Santa Rarbara. I .us A ngeles ...'... 8;53a
j:««j> New Orleans Eiprewi— Bakerifie:d.
. : r,oa Angeles. I> mtnjt. tU l'aso,
New OxLe^cBiindlUst , ?:33a
8:0»p Yo3emit:< • 7:33\
«:««i> Hiiywarci.-i, fiilesaud Han Juse 7.5>\
(«:<>«»!¦ V«ll«ji» 11:334
UsUUr '.irieutal Mail— Ogden. Clieyenne.
Omaha. Cbicigo 13:2:»p
j flsOOr Oriental Mail— Ogd<?n, Denver,
I Omaha, Chicwo 4:23f
7 iOO r Oresnii and CaUfornia Mxiirens.Nuo-
lauutfikr, M,.rjMvilif. C-I.iii.jr,
l'mkl,..,.l. Tngot s.mi.,.1 Ml Kut S:33A
| . «i».ip Saa r»b'o. r.-rt Coita. Martiscz
'¦ • ' ' aii«I Way rttations 1I:.W\
!S:03p ValH.> 7:-V>P
COAST LI^E (Natron UMrga),
• . .' . (t'ootot ll«rke*Streuk.y
JiitlA Santa Oruz K^curalon to rtatita cioz
and Princ'pU Way Stations JS:03»
SiI3a Newark. CVntHrsille,. San. lose, Fflton,
itoulderCfi-elf. Santa Cruz and Way -
btaUniia 5i3«»
ta>l.1p Newark. Ceuterville. San Jose, TSuxt
iMmuilou, Fflton. Hoitliler Cre«k,
. Santa Cruz and l'rlucipal War
Stations flO:3OA
4«l3r Newark. Han Jose, Los Gate»i....| ?|«!j«*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
.rrtaSM 'HiSCiiGO— f»»t of Karkit Street (SIi]» 8)—
t7:15 !>:00 11:00a.M. ]:33 3:00 MS^.W.
''•wOKURD— rMt»lBr»»iw«j.— 1«:00 {4:00 t3:C3
1U:UO >.». 12:03 2:03 t:33r.»l.
COAST LINE (ltroa<l (hmgii.
(Third ami Iownsen.1 Sts.)
O: I m a San Juse aud V.»y nt tti'ma. ••:;»«>?
t7:«OA San Jineaml \V»iSUti..in isHop
t7s'J»>A Sunday Excursion for flan J. re.
rfacti Cruz. Padiic GroTO and.
Pdocipal Wa7 Stitions J9:S0»
»iO»a San Juan, Tim Pimm, Huntii Crux,
Tneirio Urote, ealin's 8an Loll .
Obispo ami Principau i.itenn<e<li^3
i HlMkiona, — .. 4«lOp
lOittOA San Jcse and Wij Stations.. ?:3u p
/I»:3»A New Almadeti. /3:3Oy
I liaOA Han Jose and Way SUtinns 5::ii)p
t3:-l3p San Mateo, ltedwuo<I, Msnln Park,
Palo Alto. Hants. Clara. Sun .)<><«.
. Tres Pinos. Santa Ornz. Saliuus.
Monterey and Pacific tiroTts tIO<43.\
- S:3l»pSan Jose and Way Stations 6:3»A
H:I3p San Jo«e and Principal Way .Stations U:43 A
t5:OOpSan Jos«, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t»!««»
I S:IOp San .lose ami Principal Way ftt.at-.inns S:35a
OsOi»p Kedwoid, Han Joan. Gilmy. Salinas,
Santa Birhara, Los ADgeles 1O:O5a
» 6iO9p Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Giotc,
Lompoc 10:03a
O:a«p 8an Jose and Way Stations t».-in> A
qll:4.-, P 3a:i Jose.ml Way Htationii 7;3Oy
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t .Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. ' ¦
o Saturday on! j. ., / Tuesdays and Fridays.
CALIFORBU KORTHWESTEBIRL-CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburota Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. '
¦WEEK. DAYS— 7:30. 9:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, -6:30. p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30. p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. - . ¦ '
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0, 9:30.. U:C0 a. m. ; 1:30, '3:30.
5:00, 6»20 p. m.
Son Rafae! to San Francisco. '" '" ."."
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. U:10 a. m.; 12;«,
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trios at 135
and 6:35 p. m. ..."
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05, 6:25 p. m. ¦ ..:..•¦ _ ¦• ¦
.Between San Francisco and Schuetzen" Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. | April 28. 1301.1 San Franciaco.
Week I Sun- I » I Sun- I WeeJt
Days, f days. [ Destination. [ day3. | Days.
7:30 am 8:C0am Xovato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaiuma. 6:05 pmslO:25 am
5:10 pm 5:C0pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pn»
Fulton.
7:30 am Wipdsor. ' 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am . Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
• 7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland. 110:40 am[10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:C0 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pra
7:30 am 110:40 am 10:23 ami
8:00 am Guemevllle. i 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | 6:20 pa
7:30 am 8:C0am Sonoma ; 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am 110:40 am|10:23 am
' 3:30 pm|'5:00 pm Sebastopol/ | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Spring; at Fulton *
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Uppar Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John* Day's, Riverside. Laerley'a Bucknells.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr"s Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. West-
port, Usal. WHlits. Laytonville, Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka. ¦ . . .
: Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. »
Ticket Office— 650 Market street. Chronicle
Building.
. H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN*.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
>T~^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
'AlVgtoa 629 K£AK.\Y ST. Established
BnrM'" 1*54 for the treatment «t 1'rivnta
Eflii»..3*gf Diseases. I,«-<t JIi.ntio.xl: Debility or
' tHREfiSCSw' 11 "*'* 08 * rearing on body an<t mind ami
skIn Disenses. The Doctorccres when
1 ! others fait. Try him. chsirprt-s low.
M$£S£XS£ai<'ur«-<euarstiite4*4l. CtUlorwrita
l>r. J. *'. GIBBOS. San Franci.sco, Cal.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
One ETralloTT doesn't
make the summer but It's
' > a sign it's time to raalio
Mires
ILootbeer
Drirca ftwey tho winter pallor
And tints the cheeks with ropy
licmlth. A Sort, p&ckago mik^s
» 6 gillon*. Dealem writo for
ejxscial o2cr. Address
I • CHARLES E. HIRES COKPAW.
MaJvern, Pa
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of ' GONORRHEA. GLEETS
STRICTURES and analctoua complaints of Ua«
Circans of Generation.
JTic Jl a botU«. For »]. by dru^.t^
' ADVERTISEMENTS :^ ;^^^^
ri^f.j\ A' TOILET DELIGHT!
\ The Perfection of Scientific Soap Making
f^M -Witch Hazel: 1
SOOTHES Ci\ AD
\^^2^ BEAUHFiis Ov/rit;
/ >^^A MAKES TdiE .- SKIN SOJT AS VELVET.
yV$*fe||l / A It will soften the roughest hands. Will im-
I Jh prove any complexion, no matter how fair.
-*- by^V I /p^> ¦ • "Will cure chapped hands and lips in a singla
¦^^Qf » W^& night. Will \ cure chafing and all skin irrita-
Y^*^ *> £ J^^' tions. -Will cure pimples, blackheads and most
7^"- jLcr~^ facial bleraishes. Will cure cuts, wounds and
I ?LJ£\ sores and allay inflammation.- Will cure dan-
& drufE and all scalp diseases.- Will stop the fall-
f^<//^^^ ' ing out of hair, new "vitality and vigor
>ILvr^ J . to the roo tsj stimulating a fresh growth.
y/^%3 f * l£o tliers will find it an ideal soap for the
/ ->^^. I nursery. It will cure baby rash, niilk erup-
V^'^^. I ' tions, chafing, hives and all the skin torment3
\; V babyhood.
N V Price, large srz3, 15c. Trial s r z?, 5c
. If you have ¦ rheumatism, try- Munyon's Rheumatrsm Cure: If you have dysr>ei>-
sia, try his Dyspepsia Cure; if you have kidney disease, try -Kidney Cure; if you
have a cold, try his Cold Cure; Ifyou have a sore throat, try, his Sore, Throat Cure;
if you have headaches, try • his Headache Cure: if you have liver trouble, try
his liver Cure. ¦ Professor Munyon has prepared a srieciflc remedy for most every
disease with which anybody can doctor and cure _ himself. They are mostlv 25
cents each; at all drusfnsts. If you have any disease of the head, nose, throat or
lungs, try Munyon's Inhaler."" It will positively cure Catarrh, Colds, Grip, Bron-
chitis, Influenza, Asthma. Two kinds— "hard rubber" and elass "Family." Price,
$1.00 each (including- all medicines). If you need free medical advice write to
BROADWAY AND 26th STREET, NEW YORK.
; EAILWAT -TRAVEL. "
1,// ¦:¦¦¦¦¦
All tlip D 1^^^^?
Com/orts of Ifonie^
Go east "onr way" — with one of the Burlington Overland Excar-
t; sions, and you wiil be SURE to have a comfortable trip.
Cars are clean; porters accommodating; excursion managers oblig-
ing; and the route is without an equal in point of interest.
From Los Angeles, Mondays and Wednesdays : San Francisco Tuesdays and <
. " Thursdays — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis and beyond. Tickets and berths
at Southern Pacific ticket otnees or by writing .¦
W. D. Sanborn, General Agent, 631 Market St., San Francisco. 7 v
. 1 'Ice cream— Mrs.. B. M. Hinchman, assisted by
the Misses Eleanor and i Constance Todhunter,
Ivy Gresham. Alma Sevenlng, Dolly and Jose
phine Chapman.
Lemonade — Mrs. H. L. Eastman, assisted by
Mrs. George Merriman and the Misses Mira
Merrlman, Adelaide Jones, Alma McComb,
Alice Baker and Frances Dodd.
THE LATE M. A. GILLIGAN OF SAN RAFAEL, FAMOUS WITNESS IN
THE FAIR CASE, WHO FELL DEAD FROM A STREETCAR IN THIS
CITY. \ ¦'¦ ' : ' * i
SOME OF THOSE WHO WILL AID IN
THE BOYS' ASSEMBLY FEI*E.
ALAMEDA. May 12.-The funds of
the Boys' Assembly need replen
ishing, and that is the reason why
the lady managers of that organ
ization have announced a fete for
next Saturday at the Thompson grounds
on Hijrh street. It takes a lot of money,
the ladies find, to run a boys' club, and so
long as there is a stringency it Is impos-
Fible to enlarge. The money they got a
while ago from the business men of. the
city has been spent. Now the board of
directors wants to begin as soon as possi
ble classes and clubs to meet the require
ments of all sorts of boys— boys who do
not get the ordinary advantages. The
ladies want to give them lessons in his
tory and parliamentary law and a num
ber of other things, but they cannot go
arcad without money.
TTie f*te is colr.e to be a wonderful
Wheelmen Bide Exciting Races.
SACRAMENTO. May 12.-The Velo
firome races drew a crowd of 3000 people
this evening-, and the events, all ama
teurs, created Intense enthusiasm. The
final of the mile amateur handicap was
won by Brown. O. P. \V.. who stole the
pole from the leaders. Pearson second,
and Ventor third. Time. 2:09 3-5. Back
rath won both heats of the five-mile motor
noced race. Pasch second. Time. 9:10.
There are to be elsrht booths, so it will
be pretty hard to Ret out of the grounds
without buying something:. Most of the
articles have been donated, which means
100 per cent pront for the ladles. The most
notable rifts were those of the artists of
Alameda. who sketched and painted
scenes within the city limits purposely for
the eouvenir booth. The booths are under
the sunervislon of the following named:
thing In its way. It will look something
like the Presidio looked just after war
was declared aeainst the Spaniards, so
dotted with tents will the Thompson
grounds be. Not alone will the booths be
under canvas but there will be a series of
tents where the visitor can go and have
a little picnic or reunion on ¦ the Bide.
There will be no need for other decora
tion either, for at this time of the year
nature does all Its own decorating in the
Thompson grounds. Roses and carnations
and every conceivable blossom is there.
One of the unusual things will be the
tallyho. Tallyhos are scarce in Alameda.
This one will have a regular route on the
fete day and carry people to the grounds
for 10 cents. Its route will be from the
fountain at Morton street along Central
avenue to the grounds. Charles Fletter
turns over all the money the machine
ff&fir?i^i A rrrrrhim«
Violin solo. Miss Eleanor Todhunter, with ac
companiment by Miss Constance Todhur'er;
vocal solo. Miss Mabel Hcwea of the Music Sec
tion of the Adelphian Club; drum solo, Philip
Taylor, with accompaniment by Miss Irma
Taylor, contribution of Unity Circle; mandolin
and guitar, the Misses Lucy Bates and Flor
ence Boyle; reading from Dickens, Mrs. I. N.
Chapman, contribution of the Tea Club: quar
tette. Miss Todhunter, violin; Dudley
Gresham, trombone; Frank Qresham, cornet;
Mrs. Dr. Oresham. piano; vocal trio. Choral
Society: violin and piano, the Misses Dodd:
reading Mrs. J. D. Spencer, contribution of
Conversational Club: vocal solo. Miss Dollle
Chapman.. Miss Maurt Cohen accompanist;
reading. Mrs. Ralph Elster: tenor solo, Edwin
Thornton; soprano nolo. Miss Helen Swayne;
piano solo, Mies Myrtle Fluher.
The advisory board, in charge of the ar
rangements, is composed of Mrs, M. L.
McLaren, Mrs. George H. Perry, Mrs. R.
"W. Mastlck. Mrs. Geor&e B. Bird, Mrs.
B. M. Hinohman, Mrs. S. L. Mansfield,
Mrs. Richard A. Clark. Mrs. Howard H.
Case and Mrs. H. L. Eastman. Members
of the Tea Club. Unity Circle, the Politi
cal Equality Club and the Conversational
Club are helping all they can to make the
fete a sucqess.
During the hours of the fete, from lto 6
o'clock, a programme will be given as
follows:
Grab-ba«— Mrs. Howard H. Chase, assisted
by the Misses Bessie Frier. Louise Frier and
Daisy Dooley.
Sultan Fears Assassination.
j LONDON, May : ' 13.— "The • Sultan, . I
learn," says the . Constantinople . corre
spondent of the Dally Chronicle, . "con
cocted the plague scare " in . order to en
force a quarantine that wouM exclude a
band of anarchists who, he had been in
formed by Austria, were coming to assas
sinate him."
Challenger '. in Perfect Trim.
LONDON, May 12.— The repairs ort the
Defender were completed to-day. Wat
son and Jamieson. are satisfied that the
challenger is in perfect trim." . .
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
MILWAUKEE, May 12.— Dowling kept the
hits well scattered and would have shut Cleve
land out but for errors by Duffy, Anderson
and Gilbert. The game ,wai fast and snappy.
Attendance 3500. Score:
Clubs— C . ' R- H. E.
Milwaukee 6 9 4
Cleveland ....: ••• ••••• 2 7 ¦•'. 1
! Batteries— Dowlinff and Leahy; Hart and
Teager. . ,
DETROIT, May 12.— Detroit batted '. Katoll
hard to-day and defeated Chicago handily. At
tendance 7000. Score:
Clubs— . • ¦.'¦¦"-. R- H." E.
Chicago 1 • 5 D . • 4
Detroit • 7 15 1
Batteries— Katoll and Sullivan; Slevers and
Buelow. . '¦ .'•'. •
CHICAGO, May 12.— Waddell not only
pitched a gilt-edged game for Chicago to-day
but helped his team greatly by some very sen
sational fielding. Murphy was wild and was
hit hard at the start, but was invincible after
the third inning. Attendance 7000. Score:
Clubs— • ' R. H. E.
Chicago '• « 8 2
St. Louis ..»; 3 6 2
Batteries— "Waddell and Kling; Murphy and
Nichols. Umpire— Emslie. .
' CINCINNATI, May 12.— Pitcher Hahn kept
the nine hits made off his delivery well scat
tered and was given good support. Leaver's
two-base hit In the ninth inning saved Pltts
burg ; from a Hhut-out. Attendance 12,994.
Clubs- • - . R. H. E.
Cincinnati $ , • 1
Plttsburg -1 9 4
Batteries— Hahn and Feltz; Leever and Con
ner. Umpire— Dwyer.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
EASTEBN BASEBAXL.
Bartenders Will Meet.
OAKLAND, May 12.— The Bartenders'
Union wll hold a meeting Thursday even-
Ing at Columbia Hall. Clay street, near
Eleventh.
DEMANDS WATER
FOR PROTECTION
The Haywards Board
of Trade Protests
Against Delays. .
Oakland Office San 'Trancisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 12.
The failure of the San Lorenzo Water
Company of Haywards to heed the pro
tests of the Board of Trustees of Hay
wards in the matter of establishing water
mainland hydrants since the burning of
Hunt Bros." 'cannery has led the Hav
wards Board of Trade to take the mat
ter in hand and to address a vigorous let
fer of warning to the corporation.
The citizens are enraged that the re
quired protection against another such
fire should not be afforded. To the lack
of water and pipes was attributed in
large measure the complete destruction of
the cannery. Now the work of rebuilding
the plant is in progress. Thousands of
dollars' worth of Inflammable materials
are piled on the ground and' there is not
a drop of water yet available for protec-
The people demanded that a main and
flre hydrants be put in on B street to pro
tect the cannery. According to the state
ments of President P. Wllbert of the
Board of Trade not a move has been made
by the company. The board Instructed
the president to communicate with the
water company at once. In accordance
with those instructions the followins let
ter has been sent to the corporation:
Haywards. Cal.. May 10, 1901. •
Mr * B. Pierce, President of the San Lorenzo
Water Company, 722 Montgomery street. San
Francisco, Cal. :
Dear Sir— At a regular meeting of the Hay
wards Board of Trade held May 8, 1901, the
matter of the delay in the completion of the
water pipe line and flre hydrants at the Hay
wards Cannery, thereby connecting the new 1
cannery building with the city water works,
came under discussion, and resulted in a mo
tion and unanimously carried, that the presi
dent of the board be appointed a committee of
one to send a communication to the president
of the water company. aa«!ng why this work
had not been completed. The loss of this vast
industry by flre but a few weeks ago, when
the citizens of this city were obliged to stand
by and see it totally destroyed, powerless to
do anything to stop the conflagration from the
lack of water, is still in their minds, and
naturally much apprehension is felt lest, the
new building, which ia rapidly nearing com
pletion, might go the same as the first before
the water system, which the City Council has
ordered completed, Is even begun, ; owing to
the dilatory tactics of the water company. The
feelings of the citizens are so harassed by the
tardy action of the company that the agita
tion for a' municipal • ownership of city water
will not go long, unheeded. The community,
through their Board of Trade, desire to enter
their solemn protest ! to further unnecessary
delay In the completion of this work for the
protection of this most important industry.
Thanking you in advance for your prompt at
tention to this matter and hoping that you
will see the Justice of our demand and be will
ing to at once co-operate with us, believe me,
very truly and respectfully. p WJLBERT
President of the Haywards Board of Trade.
Killed in the Mine Shaft.
j JAMESTOWN, May . 12.— Thomas V?.
Arrivy, <a native of Louisiana, 52 years
old was killed In the shaft of the Santa
Ysabel mine this morning. His failure to
securely fasten a car in the hoist caused
his death.
Did It Start in PittsburgP
t It is a rather startling proposition that
the Chinese disturbance had its origin
here in Plttsburg, but such Is the allega
tion made by - Brooks Adams in the At
lantic. His theory -Is that when
the Carnegie Company announced Its abil
ity to turn out steel rails at $18 a ton the
trouble began in the resolve of Europe
that it must possess the rich iron and coal
fields of China. That was in 1897. ' Ger
many at once seized Kalochau; England
soon afterward grabbed Wei -Hal- Wei;
Russia, on behalf of itself and France,
took over Port Arthur and began the'oc
cupation of Manchuria. The result , was
the ' "Boxer"-, explosion in 1899, and the
end has not yet : come.— Pittsburg Dis
patch. -'¦:/" ¦•": 'r'.
Flight of Fast Pigeons.
SAN JOSE, May 12.-The initial fly of
the San Jose Homing and Pigeon Society
to-day between Salinas and this city had
eleven entries and was a success. A bird
belonging to Fred Kell won first prize and
F. W. Kemling secured second and third
prizes. The distance of fifty miles in
an air line was covered by the winner in
one hour and twenty-five seconds. The
next two were close behind and the other
eight birds finished a few minutes later.
Woodland Wins.
WOODLAND; May 12.— Woodland de
feated Marysville by a score of 6 to 3. The
feature of the game was Hanson's home
run.
OAKLAND, May 12. — The Building
Trades Council at a special meeting* has
unanimously resolved to refuse to handle
In construction work door or sashes com
ing from any mill working under a sched
ule other than that adopted by the board
of arbitration on the recent mlllmen'g
strike.
Boycott Doors and Sashes.
Leahy's Injuries are on the left side of
his head, and he was lying on that side
when the police found his unconscious
form. There was a severe scalp wotpd,
a cash of at least five inches, which
might have been caused by striking the
sharp edge of the steel railway tracks.
Beneath the ugly cut was the fracture, a
bad compound and comminuted break
in the skull. Leahy regained his senses
very slowly. The fact that he did recover
his faculties at all Is an excellent surgi
cal indication that the operation relieved
all of the pressure upon the brain.
Leahy's residence Is at 1203 Twenty
fourth avenue.
The detectives are inclined to believe
that Leahy fell and struck his! head on
the railroad tracks, while stumbling along
the roadway in an intoxicated condition.
That apptars to be the correct solution.
That Leahy was not crushed to death
under the wheels of a passing freight
train is remarkable. How long he had
been lying- on the tracks he does not know
nor could the police get any information
that would clear up the mystery. There
was no evidence, except the injuries them
selves, to indicate foul play. What per
sonal effects the younjr man had were all
intact. He missed nothing and . does not
believe he was struck down for purposes
of robbery.
Leahy could not say whether • he had
been fighting or quarreling during his
wanderings, and the police cannot say
whether he was clubbed and knocked in
sensible by some unknown man, who
might have Quarreled with him-
Lying between the Southern Pacific rail
road tracks, unconscious and bleeding,
with his skull fractured and a deep gash
in his scalp, William Leahy, a boilermak
er, 19 years old, was found by the police
at Twenty-third avenue crossing at 2:30
o'clock this morning. The injured man
was hurried to the Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. R. T. Stratton attended the pa
tient, trephining the skull to relieve the
pressure on the brain, and in all probabil
ity saving the young man's life.
Leahy does not know how he sustained
the injury. When he regained conscious
ness to-day, he had no recollection of any
events subsequent to his departure from
a saloon on Twenty-third avenue, where
he had been drinking heavily during the
evening. *
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 12..
Found Lying on Rail
road Track With a
Fractured Skull.
WILLIAM LEAHY
RAS CLOSE CALL
"I discovered sufficient evidence to .con
vince me that the boy had been misused.
When the father and the marshal came to
my residence I told them I didn't know
where the boy was. and that is a fact. I
had supposed that the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children'had taken
him, . pending, an Investigation."
Dr. W. Allen Bald: "My connection with
this matter is simply that I was requested
as a member of the school board to make
an investigation to ascertain, why the
child was not attending school: I learned
that the boy was in the hands of Mrs.
Rose, who was taking care of the little fel
fow. He had told her. ho did notdarei to
go home because he would be beaten to
death. . j
Mr. Bird has submitted the circumstances to
a cromlnent flrm of Oakland attorneys and
now they are considering- the advisability of
submitting the case to the next Grand Jury
or of immediately proceeding against all i the
parties who were responsible for the kidnap
ing of the Bird child. Dr. Allen's position in
the matter Is puzzling the Birds and Marshal
Kerns of Berkeley very much. On Friday
morning Dr. Allen telephoned Marshal Kerns
that he knew where the. child could be found,
but on Sunday morning, when Kerns brought
the doctor out of his bed and demanded of
Allen the whereabouts of young B:.-d. the doc
tor flatly refused to give any information.
Walter Bird has been connected for many
years with the Southern Pacific headquarters
in San Francisco. Many of hi* influential
friends connected with the company have
offered him all the assistance In their power
to. unravel the mystery surrounding the abduc
tion of his boy.
Bird to-night prepared, under the advice
of his attorneys, a written statement,
which is as follows: ' , ,
: The parent insists he will run to the
last thread every circumstance surround
ing the affair, with particular reference
to the actions of Dr. W. Allen and of Mrs.
Rose.
This occurred in ' the ' face of the fact
that the Birds reside directly across the
street from the Rose dwelling. Mr. Bird
is up in arms because of Mrs. Rose's story
of persecution to the child, who, she as
serted, had run away from home becauso
of ill treatment. The angry father has not
only enlisted the aid of the legal depart
ment of the county, but he has retained
private counsel to go into the case.
BERKELEY, May 12.— W. M. Bird, fath
er of seven-year-old Harry Bird, whose
disappearance and recovery were marked
by peculiar circumstances, has appealed
to District Attorney Allen for a thor
ough official investigation of the conduct
of Mrs. J. J. Rose, neighbor of the Birds,
who kept the child four days without tell
ing the distracted parents where he was
hidden.
Harry Bird's Father Says
. His Little Boy Was
Stolen. ,
ASKS ARREST
OF MRS. ROSE
OAKLAND. May 12. — The Alameda
County Laundry Workers' Union was ad
dressed last evening by President S. Fo
fearty and Secretary Miss Mahoney of the
San Francisco Union, who said their or
ganization was in hearty sympathy with
the cooks' and (waiters' strike and would
refuse to wash for non-union restau
rants.
The union postponed the adoption of a
wage schedule for a week.
The following committee will make ar
rangements for an entertainment and ball:
W. J. Scott. E. S. Boston, Miss New
berry.
Laundry Workers' Meeting.
OAKLAND. May 12.-There will be a
good programme of bicycle races run off
next Sunday at the Elmhurst track. On
the card is a five-mile match race be
tween P. McDonald of the Garden City
Wheelmen and George McKinney of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen. There is also a
ten-mile match race between A. Knox of
the Olympic Club Wheelmen and .H. D.
Bean ot-the Bay City Wheelmen, and a
half-mile race for novices. The races will
begin at 2 p. m. The Oakland, San Lean
dro and Haywards electric road has made
a special rate for transportation and ad
mission over its lines.
Bicycle Races at Elm hurst.
The remains were taken to the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery in San Francisco, where
they will be cremated, such being the ex
pressed desire of Judge Boalt before his
death.
The rooms of the Boalt home were filled
with a mass of floral pieces, tokens from
hundreds of friends.' The casket was al
most hidden beneath them. Among the
many friends of the deceased lawyer
present, including a number of the most
prominent attorneys of the California bar;
were his former associates. Judge John
Garber and Charles L. Wheeler. A toucn
ing incident was the following of the re
mains to the cemetery of some of the old
household servants of the Boalt family.
The oldest of these were Emil and Marie
Rousset. who had grown up with the fam
ily, having entered it while they were yet
in their teens.
1118 Broadway. May 12.
. The funeral of the late John H. Boalt.
the eminent lawyer, whose death occurred
last Thursday, was held this afternoon at
12:45 o'clock from the family residence,
1003 Twelfth street. In accordance with
the wishes of the family the services were
as simple as possible. There were no pall
bea/ers and the words of prayer and eu
logy from the lips of Rev. J. K. McLean
were few. though very impressive. Dr.
McLean first read the Congregational
funeral service and followed it witli a
bi-ief sketch of the life of the -leceaoed,
reviewing his association with him and
telling of the high esteem In which he
was held for- many noble acts. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Remains of John H. Boalt
Are Borne to the
Cemetery.
SIMPLE FUNERAL
MARKS THE END
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E A Bower, Pa .
Dr McLean. Sacto
W B Thomas. Stocktn '
J Gardiner, R Vista
A H Baldwin. Wash 1
M Schwartz. Berkeley !
J P Downs. Stockton .
N Clotf elter & w, L A :
O Thumler & w, Chgo 1
L J Rice, Redlands '.
H Wolverson. Redlds 1
M L Dawson. N Y
A R Wilson, NY '
J P Torrison, Wls
E Lynde & w, Iowa
W Price, Pasadena
S J Dennis. N Y
Miss Homer. WU
E F Hann, N J
H Chicbester, Wash
H Demming, Vallejo '
Mrs M Toy. Chicago
Mrs Presser, NY
Dr J Clark. Gllroy :
N Blackatock. Cal
A J Bell, Ventura :
J Shofroth & w, Denvr
F Westcott, St Louis J
J Waterhouse, Cal 1
T G Walker. Cal
S P Poland. S Jose
J Groover, Colusa
G W Towle. Cal
J H Read & w, Sacto :
F Diamond, Duluth <
W J Venner. Rossland <
A H Barre. Winnipeg ]
F Casson & w. Butte .
L R Holmes. Butte !
J Halnes & w, Butte :
Dr McGulgran. Wash
Mrs McGuigan. Wash .'
W S Hopson. Idaho
Miss Graves. Tacoma
J M Smith, Butte
T A Holmes, Chicago
B Fishman & w, Cal
G H Ballon, S Diego
S F Smith, S Diego
J Engelbeck. S Diego
L A Wright, S Diego
C E Hollister. Cal
F Dulmaine, Grass V
G Mainhart. Grass V
E Klmpton, N Y
C F Cramer. Or
L F Wade & w. L A
S L Wiley, Fresno
B 8 Gurnee, Han ford
E Friend & w. Cal
W Hoover & w. Ark
E H Harlow. Cal
O W Smith. Cal
V Vazzettl. L Ang
G B McCord. Hanford
J Manasse. Hanford
JT Welsbaum, Hanford
F W "West, Stockton
M H Orr. Stockton
W Lamerson. Portland
Dr Whltfleld, England
G Van Gorham. Cal
R H Stevens. Cal
B Webster & tr, L A
F Dowd & w, 3 Rosa.
A W Keck. Mo
F Gerlach. Stockton
C M Graff. Denver
C Fricksen. Denver
H C Hayes, Kansas
J Pelletier & w. Mo
3 E Arnold. Chicago
B Hall. Colo
E Turner, Colo
3 A Griffith. Denver.
PALACE HOTEL
Robt Keluy & w. Pa
A Goodman. London
L C Mack & w. N J
Leon Kine, N T
S Rercal. Salt Lake
F M Tasney. N J
E Marsh, New Jersey
H M Meyers. Chicago
W E Annan. Alameda
L C Bowles, D C
W H Lee & w. Chicago
Miss Hodd. N T
Mrs Hood, N T
Jas Davitt & w, San J
A W Meacham, D C 1
"W J Welery. Palo Al
S Krant. N Y
J V Guthrie, Clnn
T W Cameron & w.NT
B Devison Jr. N Y
R V Ellis, Hanford
G Tepper. Hamburg
"W C Nares. London
L A Nares & w, Eng
Ida E Lawrence. Toled
J de Idervllle. Paris
M P Nevlns. . Paris
D M Keluy A w. Pa
O S Howe, Lawrence
E F Coburn, Lawrence
C C Bowles, D C
A F StoeBei. St Louis
E J Baradl, Mich
S «V Zelmer. N T . ¦
Chas Talk. N Y
Donald Grant. Minn
E A Bowers, Hnntgta
J S Adams, Dubuque
J C Collier, Dubuque
O T Gunnlp, Clnn
E S Gordon A w, S Si
G B Adams & w. N T
V B Meachazn, Clnn
K D Meaham, Clnn
Miss R Kodklnson. NT
A Phillips. Ill
C N Hoyt, New Havn
A G Dayton A w. Pa
K L Packard, BakrsfM
A F Jones & w, Orovl
Miss Jones, Oroville
C Van Nord«n. Sacto
H "W Flndley. Vancour
Chan Monroe. Los A
M V Hartranft, Los A
Thos J Llghtfoot, D C
N P Webster, D C
J P Gardner A w. Cns
Paul Gardner, Chicago
Ralp Gardner, Chicago
Dr. Thos Flint ft w,
San Juan
Dr W T Graham. N T
H W Oantwaite. En*
Carlos Hertns. Mexico
Mrs A E Keith, Law
rence
Miss E. Wagner, Law.
re nee
E> H Stelnmetz, Law
rence
» ¦ j
Manager Madden, with Martin and Ruh
lin, left for New York this evening. Th©
Olympic Club is the loser by a consider
able amount.
Fight Declared Off.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., May 12.— The
Martin-Chllds colored championship fight,
scheduled to take place in this city Tues
day night, has been declared off.
The Governor issued orders to the Sher
iff to prevent the mill.
MA. GILLIGAN, shoe merchant
of San Rafael, was riding on
the dummy of a Hayes street
3 car going to the ferry about
9 o'clock yesterday morning,
and when near Sansome street he was ob
served to throw back his head g.nd fall
from the car. The patrol wagon was sum
moned from the central police station and
Gilligan was taken. to the Harbor Receiv
ing Hospital. -•' Dr. -McElroy pronounced
life extinct. The body was removed to
the Morgue and an autopsy was made by
Dr. Baclgalupl, who came to the conclu
sion that death was caused by fatty de
generation of the heart.
Gilligan was between 50 and 60 years of
age. In' his pockets were receipts from
wholesale shoe firms in this city and re-
Gilllgan's name came Into prominence
during the Fair will contest. It was
claimed by Mrs. Nettie R. • Craven that
the late Senator Fair made a will in her
house at 2007 California street on Septem
ber 24, 1894, which was disputed by the
Fair heirs. ' Several witnesses were
brought from 3an Rafael to testify for the
heirs, and they all swore that Senator
Fair was in San Rafael on the day men
tioned. When asked as to why they so
positively recollected the exact day, they
all fixed it by the fact that Gilligan, who
was then a hack owner, drove in that day
with his hack from Petaluma. "Gilligan's
hack" formed a subject for comment by
the attorneys on both sides during their
arguments.
celpts showing business transactions in
San Rafael, which led to his Identity. The
Morgue officials notified Chief of Police
Sullivan and he communicated with the
San Rafael authorities.
The Rev. B. Fay. Mills, pastor of the
First Unitarian Church, at the morning
service yesterday preached a sermon of
welcome to President .McKinley.', Almost
the entire sermon wasdevoted to remarks
eulogistic of the distinguished visitor and
comment on the good which would result
to the country because of his visit.
Rev. James Curry, pastor of Alden
Presbyterian Church, preached to-day
upon the importance of the President'3
visit to California.
The twelfth anniversary of the Epworth
League was celebrated this evening at
the Eighth Avenue Methodist Church.
There were addresses by Frank W. Trow
er. Rev. A. T. Needham and Mr. Robert
son.
"Modern Faith Cures, So-called," was
the subject of an address which was de
livered this evening by Dr. L. R. "Webster
at the First English Lutneran Church.
Rev. H. B. Heacock preached to-dav at
Chester-street Methodist Church.
Lieutenant Colonel G. French, in charge
of the Salvation Army on the Pacific
Coast, delivered an address this morning
at Pilgrim Congregational Church.
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the Third
Congregational Church of San Francisco,
conducted services mortnng and evening
at the First Congregational Church.
Rev. Alfred W. Hare, pastor , of Oak
Congregational Chapel, has commenced a
series of sermons on New Testament
characters. 1
OAKLAND, May 12. — Rev. Robert
Whitaker. pastor of the Palo Alto Bap
tist Church, occupied the pulpit to-day at
the First Baptist Church.
Themes of the Pastors.
Nome Mining King and Three
of His Friends Are
Injured.
¦ ' Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 12.
By the upsetting of an automobile run
ning at full speed Erik O. Lindblom. the
Nome mining king, was seriously Injured
this afternoon at the corner of Telegraph
avenue and Stuart street, Berkeley.
Lindblom was operating the machine
when it capsized, throwing: him and three
companions headlonp: into the street and
turning on top of them. To add to the
seriousness of the accident, the machine
caught fire and threatened to cremate the
imprisoned men, until, happily, an em
ploye of an automobile agency happened
along and extinguished the flames, at the
same time stopping the machinery that
was whirring at top speed. >A
The four men were dragged from under
the auto and sent to Lindblom's residence
at Farker and Hillegass streets, Berkeley,
where they were given such medical at
tention as the Injuries required. Lind
blom was seriously cut and bruised about
the head and face. He was ordered to
bed and the house attendants refused to
allow him to be seen. 'They declined to
give the identity of Lindblom's compan
ions, asserting that they were only casual
acquaintances, whose names the injured
chaffeur did not know.
The machine was a total wreck, being
smashed beyond repair, judging from its
appearance as it lay in the ditch at the
street crossing 1 .
The primary cause of the accident was
a eust of wind that blew Lindblom's hat
, off while he was racing down Telegraph
avenue aealnst an electric car. The auto
was running at a very high speed. When
the hat sailed off Lindblom started to turn
about to go after his headgear. Without
slacking the speed of the machine he
twisted it around. The forward wheels
struck the street car tracks on an angle
and over went the machine and the x>ccu
pants into the street.
Lindblom's companions were not so
badly hurt as he was. but all four were
shaken up and are much the worse for the
experience.
Erik Lindblom Meets
With an Exciting
Accident.
CAUGHT BENEATH
AN AUTOMOBILE
In many respects Mr. Brayton had a re
markable career. He was the son of A.
P. Brayton, one of the founders of the
Pacific Iron 'Works of San Francisco. The
young man was born In Oakland thirty
four years ago. He was educated In th©
public schools of this city and at a pri
vate institution in the East. With an
hereditary tendency, the youth decided to
become a mechanic and entered his
father's machine shops as an apprentice,
serving his time at forge and lathe until
he was graduated as a skilled Journey
man. This experience stood him In good
hand. With his father and brother he
took hold of the Pelton water wheel, a de
vice which by his own well directed tech
nical and commercial skill he developed
as one of the great mechanical inventions
of the day. After securing patents and
starting preliminaries Mr. Brayton placed
the wheel on the market, and it Is now
known throughout the world.
On the social side his successes were as
notable. A patron of the clubs, he ranked
among the most popular men whose
faces are familiar at the Bohemian Club
across the bay and among the Athenians
in Oakland. His standing here is attested
by the fact that he was a president of the
Athenian Club, and his administration
was one of note. To intimates he was
Bert Brayton. a splendid companion and a
true friend. There will be many who will
miss his frank and pleasant personality
and many will sincerely mourn with the
bereaved parents and brother.
The family la one of the oldest In this
county. An uncle was the head of the
Brayton school, which was the forerunner
of the University of California. Mr. Bray
ton was unmarried. His brother Is E. L.
Brayton. He was affiliated with the Ma
sonic fraternity. The funeral arrange
ments have not been completed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 12.
A. P. Brayton Jr., manager of the Pel
ton Water Wheel Company of San Fran
cisco, prominent In the Industrial affairs
of the State, a leader In Oakland social
and club life, a stanch friend, genial and
warm-hearted, passed away to-night at
6:40 o'clock at his residence, 1167 Jackson
street, after an Illness of only five days.
He was attacked by pneumonia.
The shock occasioned by the announce
ment of the death of the young business
man was most profound. The suddenness
of the untimely call added to the distress
which will fill many hearts when the wide
circle of friends learns the sad tidings.
Taken ill last . Tuesday, Mr. Brayton be
came steadily worse. Dr. A. Liliencrantz
was summoned, and all of the skill that
medical science could command was ex
erted. Last night the patient was so
much feebler that Dr. P. L. "Wheeler was
called Into consultation. ,•..•.,.:.
Passes Away After an Ill
ness Lasting Only Five
Days.
Popular Club and Busi
ness Man Victim of
Pneumonia.
DEATH SUMMONS
A. P. BRAYTON JR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MA3T la, iyui.
M. A. Gilligan, Who, With His Hack From
• Petaluma, Became Famous Through
Fair Will Contest, Dies in This City
SAN RAFAEL SHOE DEALER
FALLS FROM A CAR, DEAD
Funds of the Boys' Assembly Are Running Low, and Fete Has
Been Arranged That Coin May Be Obtained to Garry Out
Some Necessary Plans for Advancement of the Youngsters
LADY MANAGERS DESIRE TO OPEN
CLASSES AND CLUBS FOR YOUTHS
Candy— Mrs. R. W. Mastlck, assisted by Mrs.
Perham Nahl. Mrs. Walter Cook, Miss Gert
rude Hinchman and Miss Mary Wood.
Fortune telling— Mrs. George H. Perry, as
sisted by Mrs. D. E. Dyer, Mrs. James B. Mc-
Kean and the Misses May Wright, Mabel Mil
ler and May Bramhall. • .-
Coffee — Mrs. C. A. Webster, assisted : by Mrs.
Sidney L. Plant and Miss Josephine Webster.
Tea— Mrs Walter Gratton, assisted by Mrs.
Henrici. Mrs. Donells, Mrs. Patton and Mrs.
McKlcoll.
. Souvenir — Miss Frances Bird, assisted by the
Misses Irma Taylor, Mary Hughston and Doro
thy Van Orden.
9
$||| Next to purity, the yeast used in brewing is of the i P|i
|j||i "utmost importance in beer. Perfect beer requires a ffifc*
rn perfect yeast, and rarely does a brewer find it. . lmO
KtI e Schlitz brewery introduced chemically, pure hr£*i
•Ipil >' east m America. It has made Schlitz beer the most Ec£|
j£||j palatable, healthful beer that is brewed. gjtgl
Pjpg The original mother cells form a priceless asset. gfr2
Lni All the yeast used in Schlitz beer forever will be devel-
f*Ji °P e<^ trom them. As a result Schlitz beer will never Era
x§| there'll never = rail
ySspj be another EBSVSifi^wli^Sl c l Phone i 1 ?' 11 w SvlJ?
*¦ «|> j 1 , • , hS&SSftf' ff/tf3>l tW' fijfS^Sf Sherwood & k*ri
% ra beer like flmfni H MlHnifftlii filfTf Sherwood k-LJ
jLVfg c.Li; f7 tWXaYSif?'¥^wTi 7 SWSS3 212-H Market St. M3&
ragSjs OLiiiiu.. MM' rllffilt'lMIBif I*' r (1 \\\ iHTf San Francisco. tfxJB
Lots of women will give up, easy Jobs
and good salaries. for. the sake of working
all the rest of their lives for their board
and dotheflk-r. .
An Oakland man .has been granted a
divorce from his wife on the ground that
she was addicted to smoking cigarettes.
The difference between firmness and ob-
stinacy is merely a matter of sex.
6» v •?» *9$ iA. 3 « of
I Cube Sugar 17 lbs $1.00
|> "Epreckels' Best."
» Java and Mocha Coffee
» Pound 25c
« Pure, straight blend.
>> Strong, fine flavor.
a Fancy Creamer}' Butter
5? Square 30c :
\s Tour selection from the finest,
}!; best known brands in California,
<;! Monday.
|; Cream of Maize Pound 5c
>Z For mush, desserts, puddings.
5;' Made in a minute.
5!; B.eg. 3 pounds, 25c.
| Pearl Wheat Flakes
|: 12 pounds 25c
>> Same quality and only half price
21 what you pay for package wheaj.
I Port or Sherry Wine
s e?a c r r d r : tos - . Gallon 4 5c
ft 1857 vintage. Reg. 60c.
| Bottled Beer Dozen
I Quarts $1.10
| "Pints 55c
i'> Export Lager or Pilsener, Union
8 Bottling.
|i Covington Qub Whiskey
|: Gallon $2.00
<s Straight bourbon. S
# Distilled 1895. Reg., $3.00. '
I Old Crow Whiskey
I Full quart $1.00
? Bourbon. Distilled 1SD0. Reg.,$L25.
1 Ruinart Champagne
2 The win© of the "400."
1 Cost you no more than ordinary
2 brands of French Champagne.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, MAY 13, 1901.
10
SAN KRANOISCO CALL.
BUSINE6S OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call. <crner of Market and Third BtreeU: open
until U o'clock every night in the year.
• BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery itreet.
correr Clay; open until S:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes etreet: open until S:30 p. m.
6SS McAllister etreet; open until »:J0 p. m.
«15 Larkln etreet; open until J:30 p. m.
1K1 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m,
J086 Valencia etreet: open untl J p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreetg: open until 9 p. tn.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16, «*-£_«
K T GoMen Gate building. 625 Suf.^HT*
£r st.-Special assembly THIS EVEN- h|J
ING at 8 o'clock. Installation of offl- >^'
eers All fraters are courteously in-
vitod ROBERT McMILLAN. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH, Acting Recorder.
at 7:S0 o'clock. First degree. By y^J\
order of t^M. q
HERMANN Lodge No. 1S7. F. .and^A. «
M.-- Called meeting THIS DAY (MON-^V,
DAY). May 13. 1801, at 7:30 o'clock )LJ%,
r> m Degree 1. By order of the
P^ ™j " eKre « L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. & •
A M.— Flllmore St.. between Bush
and Putter (Franklin Hall). FirstSK
degree THIS EVENING at 7:30. / >
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. t. I. O. O.
F —Officers and members, you are
requested to attend the funeral of -5^3s?fe=-
nur late brother. WILLIAM ROB- «"
INSON P. G.. from I. O. O. F. Hall. Seventh
and Market sts.. q
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O.
O F. — Initiation MONDAY
EVENING May 13. 1S01. Visit- 1 "
ing brothers y • q
CALIFORNIA Harbcr No. 15. v_ -
An.eriran Association of >t-&-«jfc^^
Martors and Pilots.— Officers jPjj[15 Kg£_£S^'
sn<3 mraibfrs are hereby no- jJSS^cs*^
tiffed to attend the funeral ir*""~
of our late brother, CAPT.
AXEL T. PETERSEN. on TUESDAY. May
14, at 10 o'clock r. m., from his late resi-
dence, 836 Greenwich st. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. L. P. HARVEY. Captain.
R. St. PXPPEY. Secretary.
THE Brotherhood of Teamsters will /tfTTX
hold Its first annual olcnic on SAT- /.vJsjrjL
T'RDAY, May IS. at Prhuetzen Park. \>"r^i
Members are requested to meet at
Teutonia Hall at 7:30 a. m. and Vit*^
march in a foody to the ferry.
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN. Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting cf Restaurant Keepers' As-
sociation is called to meet at Shlels Build-
ing. 32 O'Farrell St.. at 2 p. m. MONDAY,
May 13. All members will please attend. By
order cf P. T. BENNETT, President.
TAKE notice of change of meeting hall.— The
Packers', Porters' and Warehousemen's Union
No. K885 will hold its next regular meeting in
Temple Hall. 117 Turk St., WEDNESDAY,
May 15, 19C1, 8 p. m. Special election of offi-
cers and other very important business will
come up for discussion.
J. E. O'NEILL. First Vice President.
W. T. DAVENPORT. Rec. Sec.
AJCNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic
Sail Water Company will be held at the
ofSce of the company, 327 Market St.. San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th day
of May, 1901. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books
¦rfU close on Friday. May 17. 1901. at A
o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office "27 Merket St., San Francisco. Cal.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hjvJrauUc
process from Charles Lilly and W. E. Emery,
in the Avalanche mine, near Valllcita. Cal-
averas County, to deposit tailings in Grape-
vine Gulch: and from W. J. Cox and F. E.
Keejy, in the Taylor diggings, near Taylors-
ville. Plumas County, to deposit tailings in
Klnchman Creek, gives notice that a meet-
Ing will be held at room 59. Flood building,
Kan Francisco, Cal., on May 27, 1901, at
1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the Ftockholders of the Hutchlnson
Pugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 3_7 Market st., San
Francisco. Ca'_.. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
rf M*y. 1901. et th» hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
fcr the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
<-ome before the meeting. Transfer books
will close en Friflav, May 3. 1901. at 3 o'clock
p. tr.v E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
ABLE solicitors can earn S1C0 per week on our
propositions. American Exploraticn Co., 1413
Call building.
ADOPTION. -"¦»/•
3O0D home open for healthy boy and girl ba- ,
bits. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
ASI'HALTUM ROOFIXG.
I. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11£S Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTOaXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; '
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
fRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery St., S. F.
A.DVICE free; ro charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market 6t.. opp. Mason.
-_-____-______-__-___—_-______-_-_--------—_-_--__-—-_—-__---______. i
I. B. CLARK. Emma Soreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- j
ket et. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
! OR 2 children to board, week or month; best
•care; sunny yard; near school; J10 up. 1607
CE.liforr.la st.
LADY with own home would like 1 or 2 chil-
dren to board; good care. 3218 Sixteenth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S1700 ; ICECREAM parlors and cafe, on lead-
ing business street; rent, JGTi; firBt-claas pay-
ing establishment; owner compelled by sick-
ness to retire. Particulars, R. G. WILKE,
26Vs Kearny et. .
A.— JH00; ICECREAM parlor* and candy store;
choicest location; low rent; monthly receipts
#50; value in sight; net profits at least $150
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26\£ Kearny.
K— *17M: CORNER grocery and bar; place es-
tablished years and known as one of the best
paying corner groceries In this city; location
one block from Market Et. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2S4 Kearny st.
4— *1100; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest business location; rent .
S3S; Investigate and make an offer; a rare
and srood chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2614
Kearny £t.
A.j-$3_-); RESTAURANT on Howard St.; daily
feceipu 52J; rent J17; good prices; must be
told at once. R. G. WILKE, 26V_ Kearny st.
A4-J1VJ0; SALOON: mostly whisky trade; daily
ectipts about »2j; rent J40; clearing above
200 per month; location one door off Market;
tock and fixtures Invoice price; owner to
save for Alaska: offer taken for 3 days. Call
t. G. WILKi:. 26'4 Kearny st.
I S1CC0; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded by
actorieB, warehouses and lumber yards;
arge transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G.
VILKE, 2G>4 Kearny et.
A -J4C00; SALOON on Market 8t.; place estab-
iehed many years and doing a large buti-
lees; net rent $135; sickness In family com-
»1» owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
VILKE, 26\s Kearny et.
K A— 100 CIGAR 6tands, 200 groceries and bars,
K) candy and icecream stores, 600 ret>tau-
ants, 900 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
•ant to buy a nusiness call and see vs.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st.
B RBER shop. 3 chairs, with baths; clears $30
/eek. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Mar-
:et Et.
f )R private pale— Some cf best saloons In city
WALTER. HAYES & CO.. 838 Market at. '
t -CANDY etore in Western Addition jaso
Delicacy store; good stock; no opposition. 500
¦Saloon in buslnes district 4500
Saloon near beach $400; saloon and lodg-
'ing house goo
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market st. 20C0
Merchandise business in good town 1200
Corner grocery and^ bar, from J400 up to. . 4000
Stationery stores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy stores. In ell parts of city, from $100
up. EITEL tc CO.. 1032 Market Bt.
—RESTAURANT near Kearny St.; dally *ales
$20; feeds 100 men at noon; price $300
Salocn near Hall of Justice; $600; rent $30-
fine fixtures; daily sales average $15
Country hotels; $2000 to $10,000; good locations;
with or without bars; some on Installments.
All good-peying propositions.
M. GRIFFIN. 71S Market St.. by Call bldg.
HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
taurants, bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
ANCHES— Fruit ranches, dairy > ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
OR SALE — Grocery store, horse and wagon;
large outside route.' ANDREW JACOBSEN,
21st and Folsom Ets.
4N excellent opportunity Is offered for parties
[with capital to earn a good Income on safe
I Investment. 118 Phelan building.-
BUSINESS Continued.
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and do-
Ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny Bt.
$860— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work; daily receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st. . .
$1800— GROCERY, fruit and produce store doing
a business of $45 per day; full value. In sight.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30 Kearny »t
FAKE business propoeltions not listed by
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.
$500— CANDY store and icecream parlors, pay-
ing over $100 per month profit; fixtures alone
cost more than price asked; this Is a genuine
bargain and It will pay to investigate. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale, $1400
or owner will self half-Interest to good busl-
t ness man for $800; will guarantee $180 to $300
per month HORN. SOLOMON & CO., 30
Kearny gt. — ¦^
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny St.; telephone Main 1604.
DON'T Invest $1 in any Investment until you
see the Business Board Trade. 326 Pine st.
SNAP— Dairy depot clearing $200 per day; make-
offer; must be sold. Address A., box 17. Call.
SHOE shop; good location; cheap rent; union
prices; must sell. 418 Larkin st
GENERAL merchandise business for Bale at
a sacrifice; located in one of the most rapid-
ly growing towns in Santa Cruz County;
well selected stock In good order; sales last
year over $22,000, and Increasing; owner in
poor health: must sell. Call or address C.
J. LUTGEX. with J. A. Folger & Co., 108
California st. . /
FOR sale— A- good harness and shoe repairing
shop; a good living for an industrious man
for a little money. For Information inquire
at 522 East Fifteenth St., East Oakland; no
letters answered; other business cause of sale.
WANTED— A young man, a hustler, with $300,
for an interest In a gilt-edge business propo-
sition: steady work; good income. Box 3074,
Call office.
A — FOR sale — A email tailor shop: good loca-
. tion; doing good burinees. Inquire at 1220
Webster, bet. 9 a. m. and 1 p. m.
PARTNER wanted with capital in merchant
tailoring business; present owner a cutter and J
j tailor. Box 4144. Call office. j
i FOR sale — A well established machine shop,
i doing a good business; reasons for selling
j owner leaving city; price $3000. Box 4123, Call.
I . ¦ ; ;
GOOD corner for sale cheap. 1618 Church st.
$75— FOR sale; grocery and bar. 30 Gilbert st.
RESTAURANT: good location; suitable for
I man and wife; cheap. 610 Stanyan st.
FOR sale — Small restaurant; cheap; 4 living
rooms. Box 4169, Cell office.
j TAILORING business; established 7 years; al
i a bargain. Apply 1347 Park St., Alameda.
J FOR sale — Carpenter shop, with tools and stock,
i at low price. Call after 6 p. m.. at 443 Third.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions j
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st. J
{ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
< eubscrlptlons has been established at 10J6
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers j
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
45 rooms; oak furn.: good transient $2500 .
24 rooms; fine furniture and carpets.... 2250
JO rooms; central; well furnished 450
j 13 rooms; furn.; carpets extra good .. 1050
! 33 rooms ; permanent and trans. ; elegant. 350D j
; 18 rooms; rent $65; elegantly furn; perm. 1600 \
j 18 rooms; 2 entrances; rent $75: trans.. 1500 j
30 rooms; rent $60; water free; good furn. 100)
24 rooms; furniture new; rent $50 2100
19 rooms; rent $60; clears $70 1000
I zzz — :
I MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent,
I 719 Market St.. by the Call building.
5 flats of 6 rooms each; $300 to $200
14 houses of 10 rooms each: $700 to 300
46 houses. 15 to 10 rooms: $1600 to 750
34 houses, 22 to 30 rooms; $2700 to 1000
22 houses, 31 to "42 rooms; $4000 to 1800
19 houses. 44 to 50 rooms: $5000 to 2000
26 big houses and city hotels. Call for list.
i WALTER HAYES & CO.
GREET
PRESIDENT McKINLBY.
Watch this space next week for an unprece-
dented list of Bargains in Houses.
! 838 Market st.
] FISHER & CO.. 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
i 48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
! 22 looms; rent $45; big snap 450
I 20 rooms; Market; rent $50; apartment 703
20 rooms: Eddy; part mortgage: make offer.
[ If a bargain we have them at any price.
! 16 ROOMS— Only $8 50; fine location, near Mar-
! ket: fine transient. FISHER, 935 Market.
A SNAP; owner leaving for Europe; 2 flats
furnished; must be sold; 17S1 Halght St., one
block from Chutes. 7-room flat, rent $26: will
cell for $275 or $10 payments in addition to
j rent. Another flat, opposite. 7 rooms, fur-
nished, $325: rent $27 a month; will take In
$10 peyments in addition to rent. Call at
ELDKR RENTAL BUREAU. 22 Kearny st.
~ ATTENTION BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for It.
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St.
t : Over Wonder Millinery Store
15 rooms; sunny corner: rent $50 $500
15 rooms; near Sutter st. : rent $50 55 J
20 rooms; corner; rent $70 600
60 rooms; corner; rent $90...* 2300
Money on furniture, 1% per cenX
35 ROOMS: rent $S0; receipts about $200.... $850
10 rooms; rent $50; clears $33 per month.. 650
$300 — Lodging- house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO^ 20 Kearny st.
IS ROOMS; Mission St.; rent $50; price $723.
| 12 rooms; Mason St.; rent $45: price $750.
19 rooms on Grant ave; rent $75; price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy St.; rent $5?; price $650.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth st.
FOR sale cheap: fine lodging-house with din-
ing-room, bar and 36. furnished rooms. In-
quire at 203 and 205 Perry st., near Fourth,
j or Anchor Brewery, .431 Pacific st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging-hoUEes.
11 ROOMS and bath, part furniture for sale;
cheap rent. Box 3024. Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick; cancer removed -without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; EIUs-
¦j et. car; sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
MRE. DR. FARNHAM, the world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs in life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty: circles Sun.. Wed.,
Fri. eve.; letters answered. Resld. (no signs),
E13 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkin; phone Hyde 265.
MRS. IXiUISE S. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkln
et.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
JOHN SLATER— Circle to-night 8:15; sittings
10 to 4. 1809 Stockton st, near Greenwich.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission St..
nr. 13th— Cir. Sun. & Fri. eves.: sltt'gs dally.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. J241V. Market st.
MRS. ANTHONY, medium] 22S^ Sixth St. ;
ladies. 25 cents: gents, GO cents.
EARLE. 622 Geary fit., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS".
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE. FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life:
2*c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
BROESKE! BROESKE! BROESKE!
The greatest of Psychic and Scientific Palm-
ists, gives advice on all affairs of life; reads
your entire life, past, present and future;
your character, talent, abilities and health;
perfect satisfaction by mail; gives advice in
regard to profession, love affaire, business,
speculation; shows you how to avoid misfor-
tunes in the future: send stamp for circular;
palmistry reading $1. 203 Turk st. .
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday. *¦¦•'.'
AFFLICTED come," we will .locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse: tell you how to get
well without knife, drugs or worthless instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathlc Co.. 1382 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak St.— Circle Tuesday
and Friday 8 o'clock; Wednesday 2:E0, 10c;
readings. 60c.
( CLAIRVOYANTS— Contlnned.:
MJifE. ARNDT, the. great, clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future. hus-
band or wife; 25c up; eatlsfaction to eveiy-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215# Sixth.
MME. VALEEN, 1027% Market St., near 6th,
palmist and life reader,- psychic and mag-
netic healer; cures' disease and habits;
teaches how to Influence people and be suc-
cessful In love and financial affairs.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double. veil — second Bight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 .Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings. 60c. 8 Hayes St.. nr. Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. 6th
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past
present, future; 26c. 148 Sixth st.. room 14.
MME WALTERS, great card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. ZEREDA, the. gypsy; palmist; card
reader; 25c up; leaves May 20. 7. Seventh st.
Burnett; readings, business, marriage, trouble,
one of world's greatest mediums. 13S2 Market.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 fith;German spoken; tel. Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44S% Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies, 25c; gents, 50c.- 132 Sixth st. .
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CAPE SOME.
AN Alaska snap; chance to make good money
with email Investment at Teller City, Alaska.
Call and Investigate or address J. A. CHASE,
room 75. Chronicle building.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIN"G'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehamn St.: tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., Carpet-beating Works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison ; tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st. : phone Scgith 146.
CITY Steam ¦ Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. .38-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. 1 MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at i«e lowest rate*. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
" CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions. ; corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms; modern Improvements and
bath. 1305 Ellis St.; key 1221 Laguna.
DENTISTS.
Xt^U^EMCTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Ma£
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates «our specialty; gold crowns,
* $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. .Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings,
EOc; plates. $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St., cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling ; no hammering
as before: absolutely no pain; call inves-
Vtlgate; examinations free. Ideal Dental Co..
1 6' Eddy st., rooms 44 and 32.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. ¦ N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "ifc inless":-. evenings and. Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. Da H. G.
YOTTNG. 1341 Polk st. -'.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mllinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Mnrket st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor Ac Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.*
GALLAGHmCmA RSH College. Parrott bldg.—
ShorthandT typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand,- typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; f new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc.: life scholarship, $50; individual
instructions; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlning.mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der'Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-15,
Parrott bldg.: Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils In all branches In
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
EOc. Box E, Call office. j
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
guitar; experienced. 100S Mission St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons gl\*en by a native Spanish
teacher. 613 McAllister st.
~~ ELECTRO-THERAPUTIC-
Electrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium.. 8 Mason.
E3IFLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co., 24 Montgomery
¦ ave., tel. John 1481, will supply labor, free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment office and Ilouse-
. cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
. AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st. : tel. Bush 135. ,
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Pbwell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. -046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Mam 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 41H. O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
GOOD, willing woman wishes situation to do
housework in city or short distance country;
good cook and laundreess. 270 Jessie St.
RELIABLE woman wishes, work by the day
washing, Ironing or cleaning. Call at 178
Seventh st., near.Natoma. -
ELDERLY woman would like to take care of
baby from 2 to 3 years old. 449% Minna Bt.
GIRL wants situation as . second work. Call
Monday at 1604 Bush st. ; _ reference.
YOUNG girl wishes position 'to do • housework.
Call 809 Thirteenth st. - . : ' . . .
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing and
Ironing or cleaning. 3219 Twentieth st.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl for gen-
eral housework. Call at 1324 Folsom st. •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— -FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS second girl desires situation:
8 years last place; city ' or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
BOOKKEEPER,: young lady, wishes position
: as cashier and (bookkeeper; several years' ex-
perience. Box 4155, Call office. . - :
FIRST-CLASS German girl wants a position
as chambermaid, country hotel or resort; also
first-class Swedish cook desires situation,
understands German cooking.- MISS CUL-'
LEN. 325 Sutter et. ¦ , '
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes posi-
tion as cook or general work in small Ameri-
can family. ' Apply Monday 60S Franklin st,
near McAllister. <
RELIABLE woman ! wishes position to '¦ make
beds, light housework or .working house-
keeper where she can take baby with her;
city or country. AddresB box 4161, Call office.
A COMPETENT woman wishes care of room-
Ing house; -city or country. Box 2232, Call
office. Oakland. ' |
YOUNG woman, refined and well educated, de-
sires position as companion; no objection' to
country. Box 2235, Call office, Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 2C0 rooms; 25c to $1 B0 per night; $1 60 to
?6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH, office for Cajl advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTE30— MAL.E. %
'WANTED — By elderly ablebodled man, work
with private family: look after place; city
or country, or go with camping: party; handy
with toola. Address box 4189, Call office.
CIVIL engineer wishes to do work at homef
understands all lines of engineering and arch-
itecture; reasonable prices; quick work. Ad-
dress 1033 Union st.
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
¦ bartender: city or country; best of references.
Address G. M., 1104 Larkln st. '
YOUNG man with 6 years' experience in of-
fice desires position, or will accept any other
I k 'nd of work. Box 41!)3. Call office. •
i I AM looking for a position wherein wide ex-
perience in all agricultural branches — Europe,
U. S. and 15 years California — together with
broad education, good handwriting, bookkeep-
ing, correspondence, etc., could earn moderate
salary for an old bachelor. German, box 600,
Call office.
SOBER youth of 20, 4 years' experience, wants
position In drug store; good references; will-
Ing to work for board and room till ability
demonstrated. Address F. G. BAKER. Los
Banos. Cal. " ..
STEADY young man wishes position; have ha.l
experience In grocery and produce business;
can furnish good references. ANDERSON,
127 Arlington st.
WANTED— By middle-aged man who has ex-
perience in wholesale liquor and wine house,
I position to do packing, coopering and brand-
lng; yferences given. Box 416« Call ofnee. "
MARRIED man wants situation on a gentle-
man's place as coachman or gardener; good
references from the East; no objections to
going to country. Addresa 4174 Twenty-fifth.
A YOUNG Scotch couple wish situations; pri-
vate place or ranch; good references. Apply
to MRS. NORTON. 330 Sutter st.
COMPETENT, middle-aged man wishes posi-
tion gardener; understands care of horses; ctun
drive; handy with tools. Box 4158, Call office.
MAN and wife, with their own help, wish to do
the work and take charge of a ranch; good
references. J. D., 144 Juniper st.
WANTED— By young man, age 37 years, a po-
sition as nurse or as companion to an invalid;
' well recommended. Box 4132, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as coachman In private
family; Oakland preferred; first-class refer-
ences from East. Address 4174 Twenty-fifth.
CAKE baker, Swiss, 7 years' experience, good
all-around man, wants situation as second
or third hand. 625 Pacific st.
WANTED — A chance to go to Alaska to work
in the mines with fare prepaid. Ada. ess
FRANK CROFAUGH. Mountain View. Cal.
BREAD and cake baker wants situation; coun-
try preferred. Address box 4133, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position In 3aloon. grocery
or fruit stand. Address box 4136, Call office.
SITUATION ' wanted by a competent colored
butler from the East. Box 4138, Call office.
JANITOR wants another office to keep clean;
nret-class references. Box 4122, Call office. ,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 1200 Flllmore st
FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 870 Mission, cor. 5th.
-__-__-_--____^
FLAT, 4 rooms and bath. Call at 4443 Twenti-
eth st., near Eureka.
FOLSOM, 1748— Sunny flaf of 6 rooms, bath,
tubs and yard.
MODERN upper flat of 4 rooms at 941 San-
chez. Key at 310% Waller st.
MODERN sunny flat 5 rooms, bath; near Park;
rent $20. 17C8 Waller st. .^
NEW modern sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath, etc.
1422 Clay St., near Leaven worth.
NEW modern lower flat; 6 rooms, bath; rent
reasonable. 1361 Oak st.
NORTHWEST corner Turk and Pierce sts.—
4, 5 and 6 rooms and baths.
SEVEN sunny rooms; bath. 951 Golden Gate
ave., opposite Jefterson square; $32 50.
SUNNY modern upper flat; 5 clean rooms,
bath. 881 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
SUNNY corner, 4 rooms and bath; up-to-date;
$20. 1694 Page «t., corner Clayton.
TWO new elegant flats Just finished; 8 rooms,
bath; rent $42 60. 1523 Clay St., near Hyde.
TWO elegant modern newly tinted flats. 6
rooms, bath; rent reasonable. 20 and 24 Baker.
VALLEJO, 1111 — Sunny upper flat of 4 rooms
and bath; newly renovated.
UPPER flat of 7 rooms. 537 Stevenson, bet. 6th
and 7th; $15; suitable fur roomers.
6 ROOMS and bath: clean. 981 Harrison St.,
near Sixth.
FLATS TO LET — FnrnUliert.
ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms, bath; 2 beds:
gas and coal stoves; all necessaries. 1917
Geary st.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat; 3 rooms and
bath; 2 folding beds; $15. 1537 Larkin st.
MODERN furnished flat, 0 rms. & bath, piano,
etc.. to Sept. 1: cheap. 1530 Grove. 2 to 4 p. m.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE elegant furniture and carpets at 1723
Buchanan zt. must be sold at a sacrifice on
account of non-arrival of party; flat to rent.
WE will furnish your house on monthly pay-
ments.- A. B. SMITH Furniture Co., 128
and 132 Ellis st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $43 60, with No. 7
range King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, i carpets and
stoves: give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
eta.', see W. E.Cody, 757 Mission ; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 92S Howard Bt.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co.. 117 Sutter St. ; tel. James 141.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand. furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd nouses bought: spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your ¦ furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market Ft.: tel. Jew!* 761.
WANTED— FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..: Phone Main 1575
..HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $30, hotel housekeeper; 14
waitresses, city and country, $20 and $25; 4
chambermaids to wait, . $20; chambermaid,
country, $20; 2 chambermaids, city, $17 50 and
,- $1S; cook for boarders. $30." no dishwashing."
FAMILY DEPARTMENT'.../......'
/ Cook, 2 in family, country, $30, fare paid ;
cook, small American family, • $30 ; French
second girl,' $25; Jewish family cook." $30;
many cooks and- houseglrls, city and country,
$20 and $25.. ' MRS. - M. E. DAT &-CO., 335
Geary st. ¦ .
COOK, hotel;,. 1 $35: restaurant cook,
across. the bay, $50, see party here at 10 a. m..
Monday; dishwasher, country hotel. $20; pan-
try girl, restaurant, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. t ••¦-¦--..
GIRL to do cooking and general housework;
. no washing;. wages $25;.' call after. 9 a. m. 1
Scott st. : ; .. . ¦ -
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking; paid
while learning. 1542 Webster at.
WAITRESS wanted. 62S Fourth st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Phone Grant 185
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hald waitress, summer resort .::..., ...$35
,2 waitresses, summer resort I 20
Chambermaid, summer resort *20
2 waitresses, ' same commercial hotel..:.. ...$20
I 2 chambermaids to wait, resorts $20
¦10 waitresses, city $20
.Mangier, Lake Tahoe, see party here.. $25
Fancy ironers : $10 wk.
Laundress, hotel, city .. '.......... 135
2 cooks, meal at noon and short orders. $10 wk.
Cashier, restaurant $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT •
Cook, country, short distance $30
Cook, city $30
Hquseglrls, mining town, choice place $25
Houseglrl, small family, Petaluma .....$15
Woman general work, hotel, Sonoma $20
Cook, Napa County $25
,30 housegirls. all over the city $10. $30
Nursegirl for country; see party here $20
All fares paid | to country places.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ..'..104 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses, -also girls
to learn; permanent positions; good pay; also
extra; no fees. 127 Mason st.
GIRL for light housework. 3627 Seventeenth
street. • '
GOOD hands on vests, machine and hand; good
•wages proper parties. 641}_ Stevenson St.
GIRL wanted for general housework; wages
$20. 516 Golden Gate ave. ¦
BUTTON-HOLE maker and finisher on custom
coats: steady work; good pay. 115 Russ at.
APPRENTICES on vests; paid while learning.
273 Seventh st.
YOUNG German girl for general housework.
516 Hayes Bt.
GIRL wanted for German cooking and general
house work. 1440 O'Farrell st.
.COMPETENT dressmaker immediately; good
wages. 848 Height st.
GIRL or woman for housework. 265 Clinton
Park, off Thirteenth and Market St.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' hairdressers, who under-
stand ventilating preferred. 40 Geary st
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P; O.
box 196. San Kafael.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL jk MICHELS, 531
Mission st.
WANTED— Experienced .operators on women's
wrappers; Inside work; electric power; steady
work. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Markers...
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladles' waists. EAGLESON
CO., 535 Market St.
WANTED— Experienced" salesladies; state age,
experience and salary expected. Apply box
3662. Call office. \
OPERATORS wanted at Levi Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32% Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS. ......
WANTED — Experience4 salesladies: state age,
experience and salary expected. Address box
3619, Call office. ¦
WANTEI>— A neat young girl to assist In house
work; family of four, adults; wages, $12 per
month. Apply 128 Second ave. -.
WANTED — A woman, German preferred,, for
general housework ' and cooking in Alamcda.
Call mornings at 538 Polk St., city.
OPERATORS on bar coats; als6 custom shirt
hands and good cufC operators: steady work
and good pay. Apply 36 Geary St., rm. 46.
GENTLEWOMAN to travel for one year; work
pleasant, creative and educational; salary
and expenses; references. Box 3620, Call.
WANTED— A girl In a small private family.
Address box 3674, Call office.
TAILORESS wanted to work 'on coats; wages,
$20 per week. 121 Mascn.
WANTED — First-class finisher on trousers:
wages $10. 461 '-4 Minna st., near Sixth.
GIRL wanted as working housekeeper; refer-
ences. 1125 Park ave., Alameda.'
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hairdressers, who under-
stand v el 'tilating preferred. 40 Geary st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUImore st.
A BRANCH office for dall advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' •
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
For Cal. N. W. Ry. at Uklah
Tunnelmen ....$2 25
Teamsters ' $2
Laborers $2
For railroad tunnel, * Chatsworth Park:
50 tunnelmen ....$2 50
60 drillers V;.:..... ..$2 20
60 muckers .$2
DO laborers, outside work $1 T5
100 railroad laborers for reconstruction
and ballasting track ...$1 7o
Free fare Ship dally Free fare
Millwright, country saVmlll. $50 and board; 10
laborers, country sawmill, $26 to $30; 30 tie-
makers and woodchoppers ; io coal miners for
New Mexico; 10 farmers for haying, $1 25 a
day; 20 farmers and milkers, $30 and $26; 6
blacksmiths. $2 50 and $3 a day.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT..
Meat and pastry cook, summer resort, $100;
bread and cake baker, summer resort, $60; 2
head cooks, restaurants, $100; second cooks,
fry cooks and broilers, $60 to $75; second and
third cooks, springs,' $30 to $40; cake baker,
north, ,$65 and fare; oysterman, $15; 6 bakers.
$50. to $60; extra waiters, city, $2 CO a day;
extra bakers, $3 and $4 a day; hotel and res-
taurant waiters, city and country, $30 to $50;
dishwashers and kitchen hands, $25 and {30;
dishwasher, summer resort, $30; dishwasher,
country hotel, $25 and free fare; porter and
houseman, good references, $35; 10 bell and
elevator boys, $10 to $20; polisher, country
hotel laundry. $40
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT CAL. EMP. AG'CY, E9 3d; phone John 313L
Railroad men, to-day, free fare.
60 men for S. P. R. R., $1 75 to $2 25 per day.
Free fare Free fare Free fare
50 laborers for country, $1 85 per day, no ex-
perience necessary: we ship to-day.
20 men for rock crusher, $2 per day.
10 lumber pliers, $35 to $45 per month.
10 mill and. woodsmen, free fare.
6 men to make posts, $3 . per . hundred.
6 men to cut wood, $1 25 per cord.
10 haymakers. $1 25 to $1 50 per day and board.
4 milkers, $33 per month and board.
We want to-day 100 railroad laborers for dif-
ferent points. Call and read our bulletin
boards. -
4 stone masons, best union wages.
Camp waiter, $20 and found.
LAUNDRYMAN and wife for Institution, $60
Rnd board; 5 miners, $2 day and board and
$2 50 day: 15 farmers, $125 and $1 50 day and
$25 and $30 month; 10 milkers, $30 and $35;
choreman, $25; 2 men about place, $25 and
$30 and found; stableman for milk man, $35;
20 railroad laborers, $1 70 day; laborers for
quarry, $1 75 day; carmen' for mine, $2 day;
miners, $2 day and . board and $2 SO day; la-
borers for lumber yard and mills, $30 and
found, and others. • J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
3 BAKERS, country shops. $40/ $50 and $60 and
found: bakers' helper, country, $20 and found:
boy to learn bakers' trade, country shop; hotel
and restaurant cooks, waiters, dishwashers
and- others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st. .
MAN and wife, ranch, see party here at 10
a, m. Monday. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets to-night. 8:30. 32 O'Farrell I. Less. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market st., room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
COLLECTOR and canvasser wanted. Inquire
for McKERICHER. • 1170 Market St.. rooms
17 and 18; call bet. 8 and 10 a. m.. Monday.
WANTED— Steady man; light indoor work; will
pay $75 per month to start; steady place;
mi at have $150. READ & CO..' 1007^ Market.
WANTED— Elderly man to take care of horse,
do some delivery, make himself generally
.useful ; must be aober. . Call 526 Fourth st.
WANTED— Bakers and confectioners; good
weges: permanent employment.' Address box
. 4160, Call office. ¦¦-'.• ;
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor wanted. P. VER-
DIER, 984 Geary st. ¦, '. :..
WANTED — A first-class barber; short hours.
100 Market st.
WANTED— A vegetable man. 26 Turk St.,
' Park Hotel. . " ¦ '
ALL. sizes men's shoe3. slightly damaged, half
. price. 662' Mission !>t.. bet. 1st and 2d"sts..
GOOD panta presser wanted. 1000 Harrison
St., corner SlJrth. ¦ ' .
BOOTBLACK wanted: colored. 1344 Turk st. '
WANTEI>-Good tailor to work inside on cus-
tom coats. 927 Market st., room 623.
WANTED— Good cook and waiter. Apply 133
O'Farrell st. .
BOY wanted . for office and collections. Wasp
Office. 513 Market • st. ¦
BARTENDER. wanted at 30 East st. Call af-
ter- 10 a. m. J ¦
WANTED— A first-class barber; short hours.
100 Market st. .
BARBER shop for sale. See BLOOMHEART.
66 Second St. '
RELIABLE 2-chalr barber shop for sale;: a
month's rent already paid. ¦• 101% Sacramento.
WAITER' wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave.; $20
per month and found, v
' HELP "WANTED— 'MALE — Con.
MURRAY & READY... .....'Phone. Main _B848.
Leading Employment nad Labor Agenia.
1 7. .634-636 CLAY STREET.....^""
. WANTED .....7 A. M... -.MO. ND AY
. 4573 men for different positions. All parta _oi
California, Oregon. Washington and Arizona,
wages, from $105 to $20 and found.
Railroad work; Southern Pacific Railroad;
free pass. Office fee, $t; and no o" 16^-,^"
penses; 269 men for the Southern Pacific Kaii-
road Company's own work in section, steei.
rock, ballasting and other gangs; no experi-
ence required. Los Angeles and Santa Bar-
bara and other divisions In all parts of Cali-
fornia. Wages, $1.75 to $2.25 day. _.-,—
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Twenty-five railroad men, teamsters and la-
borers, for Ukiah uii-rJa
FRUIT PICKERS FRUIT P ICKE *J^
25 men or strong boys to pick, pack and tmn
fruit; steady work from now until November;
good place to work $30 and found
Laborers Laborers
450 laborers for different positions, city ana
country; wages from $1.75 to $2 a day: n
laborers, city; IS laborers for mines; o la-
borers to work in brickyard, $32 50 to HO and
found; 6 laborers, San Mateo County, *2 oay;
.25 laborers for six different saw mills. $26 to
$40 and found.
MECHANICAL HELP... -»
Carpenter for a mine - •'»
Harnessmaker for ranch $30 and found
Millwright, small saw mill; see boss here;
$50 and found
Woodworker for camp; no tools needed
- $2.50 day
Wheelwright; country shop $40 and found
Blacksmith, Sonoma County, no shoeing,
$3.50 per day; blacksmith, fare 25c. $3; black-
smith, ranch, $40 and found; blacksmith,
• camp, no shoeing, $2.60 per day; blacksmith's
helper, for ranch. $30 and found; blacksmith's
helper, city: sheet-Iron workers: two furnace
for mine, $60; two Bremen for furnace of
mine, $42 and found. --,..- ,*J' 1
For a Big Corporation— 25 men to dig small
trenches for irrigating purposes, thinning,
picking and packing fruit, work In orchard.
- vineyard and ranch. You don't nee^any ex-
perience; the superintendents will- Teach you
what you have to do. This is a good job.
Wages '. $26 and found
We ship to-day to saw mill, woods and yards
Fare Paid Fare Paid
35 laborers; no experience required; to work
in yards, woods and mills; $26 to $40 and
found; tree fellers, oroas-cut sawyers, lumber
pliers, roustabouts for mills, donkey men and
loggers.
. " MISCELLANEOUS.
60 farmers, haymakers, etc.. $30, $32 50 and $35
27 milkers, city and jountry $30 and $33
. 3 prlva^ family men, gardeners, choremen,
10 hostlers, buggy washers and stable men
$30 to $60
10 men to pile lumber; see boss here.
10 miners, $60; 10 quarrymen, $60.
4 plow teamsters $32 50
Boys for factories, tearn trades, and chore
boys, young man lo' drive butcher wagon.
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
60 cooks, city and country hotels, boarding
houses and restaurants; $40 and $50; $12 to
$18 per week.
60 waiters, city and country hotels and res-
taurants, $30 and $35; $8, $10 and $12 a week.
12 bakers, different city and country shops,
$7G; $17 50 per week; $50 and found.
Bartender, small place, $25 and found; dish
washer for mine; cook, ten men, ranch, $25.
5 ranch cooks, different places; kitchen
help, porters, elevator and bell boys, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED for U. & Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United States, of good character and
temperate habits, who can speak, read and
write English. For Information apply to Re-
cruiting .Officer, 121 New Montgomery St.,
San Francisco. Cal. . ¦
WANTED— Good waiter. 105 California Res-
taurant. California Market.
WANTED— An elderly bedmaker. Call at 10
o'clock at 614 Kearny st.
BARBERS — 3-ehalr shop for sale cheap. 14
Turk st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, .U.
S. Navy; able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay St.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
SALESMEN — For high-grade book proposition;
no house work; sold to the best people only;
must be of good education, address and ap-
pearance: references required as to trust-
worthiness and ability. Address box 3623,
Call office. ' ¦-
WANTED— Flrst-clats carriace blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento, Cal. ! . -
SALESMAN, high classx fully experienced man
of ability and excellent address desired; we
have an extraordinary book proposition and
wish first-class connections. Address box 4164,
Call office. ¦
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Assocla- .
tion, 127 -Mason st., restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female: register at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolklrn- Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 117 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
60 EOYS to sell McKinley souvenirs during
week of Presidential visit: quick. <» handy
seller; 5c article. Room 34. 508 California st.
ENTERPRISING person with $40 cash can buy
good business, clearing $4 per day. Box 4134,
Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop and bath for sale in best
mining town in State. See party between 12
and 2 at Golden West Hotel. Ellis st.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Several good men. Apply at the
Royal Portrait Co.,. 1145 Market st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
. army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, Howard st.
BOY to attend soda water fountain; age 15 to
18 years; must live with parents. 810 Market.
WANTED— Apprentice boy to learn Iron mold-
ins; steady job. Apply 814 Kearny st.
WANTED— Two good city, salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO., 300 Post St.
AT cash prices for $1 per wee-k. men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
FOUR STONEMASONS; $4 per day. California
Employment Agency, 59 Third.
UNDERPREESERS on pants wanted by S. N.
Wood & Co. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
' WANTED — Good bakers and also a driver; good
wages. 911 Larkln st.
AN energetic single man wanted. 323 First St.;
telephone Green 361. •
WANTED— Second barkeeper. 698 Fourth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 318.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C93
Valencia st.
HORSES AND "WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
- SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale, cheap— 1 horse, harness and wagon:
also 1 team; weight from 1000 to 1100. 5933
Mission st., opposite Ocean View.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogus by applying to
: M. L. Pancoast. sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE, wagon and harness for 'sale. Apply
at 1325 Bush st. >
GOOD single horse peddling wagon; good re-
palr; N snap. Box 4120. Call office. . ¦¦
FOR sale or exchange for diamonds, fine road
or business rig. 1509 Grove st.
WASHINGTON furniture express for sale on,
account of sickness. . Apply at 2457 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. 1 EGAK & SON. 2117 Mission st. *
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy"
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard!
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, fcr sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been , established at 1096
Valencia st.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
X^P^INT^^~LI^T~Hmj^s"toTe7Ts lend "f oiTci^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Momgomenr.
A-1359 GOLDEN-GATE avenue, bet. Fillmore
and Steiner— 10 rooms and bath; choice resi
dence: will ba rented cheap to a first-class
tenant.
A NICE sunny house of 8 rooms and bath-
modern. 1512 Howard St.. near 11th st.
NEW house to let: 6 rooms and bath Beulah
and Cole. sts.. near Park.. • -- •"
$8— FINE house of 3 roonw freshly decorated,
with enameled sink and patent chimney Its
2 wn 4°, n^-V 310 : Clemen tlna , at., • In the yard ;
key 782 Folsom st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
PAGE, 443— Well-furnished sunny house, nine
. rooms, for about C months; yard and garden.
FURNISHED house from 6 to 20 rooms; east ot
Larkln. Box 4121. Call office.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
SANtTcRCZ MOLTtfTArNSr ~-~--~~~
House, 10 rooms, bath, piano, furnished com-
plete; horse and buggy; fare $1 round trip to
place. Box 4172. Call office. .
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM. 'suggestion, personal magnetism.
etc.. taught privately by GEO. W. BURKE,
613 Golden Gate ave.
LOST AXD FOTT^D.
XiQST— May 7, a bunch of keys on Market st.,
near Sixth; one key numbered 74. Return to
GEO. TRACY, Southern Police Station. New
City Hall.
LOST— A chamois Jewel bag. containing 6 rings
and a turquoise pin. Finder return to 779
Mission St.; reward.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing, o. Nolte
jewelr. 243 OTarrell. bet. Powell and Mason!
aiATTI-CSSES AXD UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned: expert carpet cleaning; strictly rell-
able. HOPKB BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh it.
UATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis gt.
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." 18 Mason St.
~ MEDICA_U~~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment ni-
perlor to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment win do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONXELL. 1013 Markt.
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to glv»
Instant relief for all female complaints; the*
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieve- without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. JOtS. DR. KOHI-, 1123
Market St.. next to Owl Drug Store.
IMPORTANT notice to Isfdles— No medicine or
'pills used; 37 years' experience; In all cases
. eatlsfaction guaranteed; cure In one day; call
•on a physician with men's knowledge. DR.
POPPER, medical specialist, 12 Mason st.,
near Market. ¦
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market, ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a rellabl*
treatment, superior to uny other: positive curs
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 1035 Market, bet. 6th
gc 7th— Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable; 23 yrs. experience: treatment guarant'd
to give Instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid Incompetent specialists ; consult free.
MRS. DR WYETH. reliable specialist: 28 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home before and during
confinement. '942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la-
deis* specialist : best medical care: low fees.
MIXING AND ASSAYING.
TO Mining Capitalists— I have a gold mine,
with U. S. patent. In, the Rand District,
that I will sell or bond; this will payto In-
vestigate. Call . or address T. \T. WEEKS.
room 564. Palace Hotel.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, eneines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new ami
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AS I am retiring from business I offer a $1000
burglar proof safe for $330 and a fine piano
for $30. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
I AM retiring from business; bargains In dia-
mond?, watches. Jewelry; goods at your own
prices; take your chcice. UNCLE HARRIS.
13 Grant ave.
CHICKS, with or without hens, 10c each; thor-
oughbred hatching eggs, $1 per setting and
upward. Ingleside Poultry Yards, 807 Mount
Vernon ave.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
OLD lumber. $6 per thousand: all kinds. J.
REYNOLDS, dismantled of buildings. Perry
St., between Fourth and Fifth. ¦
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgomy.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P. ;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON. 55S Mission st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought,
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
616 Mission St.
A NOt, 1 fresh young cow: calf, 3 days; milks 10
quarts daily; gentle. SZ Shotwell st.
HOUSE for sale to be torn down. 420 Ellis st.
Apply to HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
CHOICE runts, runt crosses, white homers;
prices reasonable. 20 U Linden st.. Oakland.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
_MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. TUB
• WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pagss. sent to any addresa In • the
United States jot Canada one year for $1.
3LISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
COMPANY wanted to sink on land adjoining
upper part of Kern County In oil belt for
one-fifth. Apply to W. M. STANSBURY.
Saita Rosa, Cal.
WANTED— 2 steam tugs, size from 65 to 75 feet
long; either will purchase or charter them.
Address Tugs, box 3613. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
. theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 17C6 Market st.
¦«%L? 3IONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
j afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your- friends or you will losa
•their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
r.*. IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see 1 H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc. ..:¦ --.•
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
* In estates, legacies ; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d. and 3d mort-
¦ gages, undivided Interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where, li. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prtvata
party; no removal;- no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI^ 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without lndorser or secur-
ity; Eastern plan. Pearson, SCO Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no con-mission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st*
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
Ity ¦ HILL, r. 44. Merchants Ex.. <3i Calif n ia.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building. '
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. S.
- F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 223 Sansome St., room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
I lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner huildlnz.Steamer Movements.
•NOTE^-In the above' exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand .column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day,' except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are' in addition to the soundings on the 'United
States Coast' Survey Charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes - the - height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by ' the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low wafers. .
TO SAIL
TO, ARRIVE.
Colonial Subjects Nationalized.
MADRID, May 12.— The Official Gazette
publishes a decree affecting the national
ization - 6f;. former Spanish colonial sub
jects. ' ':¦ ¦ •'•• ¦•-..'¦ •• ¦¦¦¦-•. ¦¦¦ • --.-. ¦
ST. PETERSBURG. May 12.— Grand
Duke Michael has a keen desire to visit
the. United States, but whether he will .Ve
able to fulfill it depends largely on the
course, of events both national and inter
national. In a recent conversation with
Embassador Tower the Grand Duke ex
pressed a lively hope that he might . be
enabled to do so. He recalled vhe two
visits paid the United States by the Grand
Dukd Alex^p and declared the latter was
greatly infpressed not only with what he
saw. in America, but that he had a grate
ful recollection of American hospitality.
Proposed Trip Depends on Course of
- \ National and International
\ .' Events.
GRAND DTTJKE . MICHAEL
HOPES TO VISIT AMEBICA
California Monday in the. Interior and cloudy
or. foggy along the coast. . . :
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 13: •
Northern California— Cloudy or . foggy along
the coast, fair in the Interior Monday; fresh
westerly wind. ¦ • .-¦ ¦ .
Southern California— Fair Monday except
cloudy or foggy along the coast in the morn
ing; fresh west wind.-
Nevada— Fair Monday: light westerly wind.
Utah— Partly cloudy Monday; light northwest
wind. * ¦ ¦ ' -
. Arizona— Partly cloudy Monday; probably
showers in the mountains of the north por
tion; light southerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy or foggy
Monday; fresh west wind.
G. H. W1LLSON, Local Forecast Official.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum, 48; mean. 52. . ' ¦
WEATHER .CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST. ' :-
Generally cloudy or foggy weather prevails
along the entire coast- and clear weather In
the interior. Light rain has fallen over the
western portion of Washington' and extreme
Northwestern Oregon.
., The pressure has continued to fall slowly over
the Pacific' slope.
The temperature has fallen slowly along the
immediate coast and risen over the Interior.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 12—5 p. m.*
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and ' rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: .-% ' ¦ '¦'.-' .
Weather Report.
United ¦' States "I Coast and " Geodetic : Survey —
.-¦¦ Times • and .- Heights • .- of ¦ High ; and Low
¦Waters ¦ at Fort ; Point, entrance to San
Sun, Moon and .Tide.
NEW -YORK— Arrived May 12— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam: stmr Geonfta, from
Genoa and Naples ; stmr Georgian, from Liver
pool; stmr Ciudad de Cadiz, from ¦ Barcelona.
Cadiz and Malaga; stmr Sempione, from Ge
noa. Naples and St. Nichols. -
GIBRALTAR— Passed May ' 12— Stmr Lugu
ria, from New. York, via St. Michaels," for Na-
Dlefl and Genoa- ,-..¦¦ ~ . •*.-.,
• LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 12— Stmr Belgen
land from ' Philadelphia, via Queens town.
Sailed May 12— Stmr Siberian,' from Glasgow,
for St. John, N. F-. : and Halifax, N.- S. : - • " -
QUEENSTOWN-Salled i May < 12— Stmr Um
bria.' from Liverpool, for New York; stmr
Wfc»ternlB.nd, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia.
BREMEN — Sailed May; 12 — Stmr Earbarossa,
for Southampton and New York. - .
: SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 13— Stmr Bar
barossa, from Bremen, for New York. ''
OCEAN - STEAMERS.
¦YOKOHAMA— Sailed May. J— Stmr Olympia,
for :"'¦ - ¦ ¦ ' . . •
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to May 11— Stmr
Carlisle City, from San Diego; stmr Tacoma,
from Tacoma. - ; - >
FOREIGN PORTS,
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 11— Schr Ruth
E Godfrey, for San Francisco; Fr bark Drum
muir, for -Port Plrie. - . - '. - - , . :
' SEATTLE— Sailed May 12— Br. stmr Oopack;
US "tmr 1 Rosecrans. for Tacoma. Arrived
May 11— Stmr Al-Ki, from Skaguay; May 12—
Chilean bark' Latona, from Port Townsend.
FGHT BRAGG— Arrived May 12-Stmr Scotia,
hence May 11. - - . .
EUREKA— Arrived May > l^-Stmr I Eureka,
henc« May 11; stmr Alcazar. . hence May 10.
Sailed May 12— Stmrs North Fork and Alliance,
for ! San .Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro. ¦¦''* •' .' ' ' ¦" •' " ' f- ¦' ¦' . ¦ ¦'.'¦ ' '
VENTURA— Sailed May 12— Schr Fanny Du
tard, for Port Blakeley. ;: . ¦
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 12— Schr Mildred,
from BaH^rdi schr W J- Patterson, from Grays
Harbor. \ Sailed May 12— Schr . San Buenaven
tura, for Grays Harbor. . ¦ .
. PORT ¦ BLAKELEY— Sailed . May 12— Schrs
Peerless, Jennie Wand and Challenger,' for. San
Francisco; schr 'L^dlow. for San Pedro: Ar
rived May 13-frBr bark Lota, from Valparaiso.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 12— 10 p. m.— Weather
foggy, wind west; velocity 20 -miles per. hour.
¦ SAILED.
. . .. Sunday May 12.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard. Columbia River.
Stmr Santa. Rosa, • Alexander, San DleKO. '
Stmr Luella, Madsen, Caspar. / .
Stmr Sequoia, Wlnkel, Fort Bragg. . /
Stmr Argyll, Gilboy, Panama, etc.
Stmr Bouth Coast, Olsen, . . --•
Nor stmr Tltanla. Egenes, Nanaimo.
Schr S T Alexander, Ipsen,' Kahului. . . ¦
Schr Lizzie Prien, Anderson, ' . • -
Schr May E Rush, Nyman, Coos Bay. ¦
Schr Archie and Fontie, Hunting; . Stewarts
Polnt^ ' : : . .
Schr ¦ Dora - Bluhm, ! Seymour, Hanamaula
Bay. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ • ' • ,
Schr Helen N. Kimball, Hansen, Kahului
and Fannlns Island. ; - •
¦ • ¦- \ •••• ' „ ' Sunday May. l£
Stmr Matteawan, Crosoup, 80 hours from Ta
coma. • >
Stmr • Navarro. Jacobs,' io hours from Bow
ens .Landing. • - . - • ¦ ---,-¦
Stmr Arcata.- Nelson, 61 hours from Coos
Bay. . -»^ . . . ".
Stmr San Bias, Cattarlnlch. 14 days 8 hours
and' 45 minutes from 'Ban Jose de Guatemala
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 24 hours from Monterey.
Br stmr Victoria,, Blakey, 4 days from Oyster
Harbor.'. . ¦ ¦' '..-. .> .... . •
Stmr Queen, Tflbmas, 40 hours from San
Diego, etc.-' ¦ '. ' •. -•¦
Stmr Walla -Walla, Hall, 62% hours frorfl
Victoria and^Puget Sounds ports. •
Stmr Cella,' HIggins, U8 hours from Mendo-
Cino. ' ';• .«•-, - ->» ','•¦•-. - . -; -,
Stmr Arctic, Erlckson, 3 days from Coos
Bay. ¦ ¦ . ¦" ¦ ¦ ¦ , ¦ ,
Stmr Bonlta, Nicholson, 62 hours from New
port--etc. ' —¦¦'-;" ,-,
Br stmr Guatemala. Harris. 22 days from
Panama, via Mazatlan 4% days. -••,. ¦-
Stmr .Mackinaw, Llttlefleld. 81 hours from
Seattle. . • - -
Schr Bender Bros, 18 hours from Bowens
Landing. • '
Schr Bessie K, Petersen, 22 hours from Car
men Bay. , . , . - -...•_...
' Schr Mary C," Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
San Bias arrived from San Jose'de Guate
mala direct yesterday. She had no pas
sengers, but brought up 1500 tons of cargo,
the principal portion of which was cof
fee. The remainder was made up. of rub
ber hides, sugar and mahogany logs. •
. The hull of the new steam schooner Arc
tic arrived from Coos Bay yesterday I in
tow of the tug Columbia. She will be en
gined and equipped here and will enter
the coast trade under the J. S. Kimball
Company's flag. ... • . '
Water Front Notes.
Over In England they are a little bit
uneasy about a fleet of vessels now due
from Columbia River, and Puget " Soiind
ports. Last week the underwriters were
offering 5 per cent to reinsure their risks
on the British ships Leicester Castle,
Halewood, Morven, Maio, Naiad and Paul
Rickmers. The Leicester Castle and Hale
wood have arrived at their destination,
but the Morven is now out 159 and Maipo
156 days from Astoria. Naiad 146 days
from Victoria, B. C, and Paul Rickmers
146 days from Vancouver, B. C, all for
England. Just why reinsurance should
be paid on any of these vessels is hard
to surmise, as none of them are really
overdue.
The Manchester, now out 263. days from
New York for Yokohama, is quoted at
90 per cent, while the Rydemere, now but
67 , days from Marseilles for Melbourne,
Australia, is ouoted at the same figure.
Twelve days after the latter vessel sailed
from France she was spoken in latitude
36 north, longitude 2 west, and was then
on • her beam ends. Nothing has; been
heard from her since. -. »-_ •
The Overdue Fleet.
The Munchen was built in Glasgow by
the Fairfleld Company in 1889, and was
2855 tons net burden, 387 feet 5 inches long,
46 feet 7 inches beam and 3 feet deep. :
The wrecked steamer is the Munchen,
and, according to private advices received
in this city,' she was opening a service be
tween Sydney, N. S. W., and the Caro
lines, connecting at Hongkong with the
North German Lloyds. The Munchen
was at Yap, -when a storm- came up, and
she was driven ashore. The bottom was
torn out or badly punctured. The crew
and cargo were saved, but as there are
no appliances in the Carolines for float
ing a large ship nothing could be done
toward saving the hull. The news re
ceived^-here .is dated March. 30, ..and- at
that time the cruiser Kormoran had not
reached Yap. »¦ . •• . -. . V-
The Norddeutscher Lloyd-venture in the
Southern Seas has not opened auspicious
ly. Its first steamship has been wrecked
in the/Caroline group, and will probably
be a total ipssT. The German cruiser
Kormoran has gone from Australia ¦ • to
render assistance, but it is feared that the
vessel cannot be saved. • .
From La Union— Mrs. F. -W. de Wanton.
Miss F. Hays, J. B. Hays and H. Garthwalte.
From Piinta Arenas— J. H.- Moore.
From Manzarrlllo— Mrs. : D. Lape de Knauft.
From Callao— M. Freshllma.
From Acajutla— A. Pang, A. Aguilar and P.
Baruch. • " •¦ % -..
'From San 'Jose de Guatemala — D. Norrath,
F. Toll and C. Hering. • • :
From Mazatlan— A. Cuna, J. H. Smith,-Cap
tain'F. Eaton. C. F. Hughes and J. G. Morri
son. . ¦ ¦ . / ' / ; * ' • -
J. Paton and wife came up from Central
America on the steamship, and will , go
back to Callao with her.
.' ¦¦ *•" ¦ ¦- •¦'
"Steamship Ashore in Carolines.
From -Panama— Mrsr Harris, Mervyn Harris,
Christmia Harris, Mr. Bardlng, Mr. Caridon,
J..-' Taylor. - Miss- S. Elzca. S. Swan, G. Bale
and P. Fountain. t ¦-
From Corinto— A. -Weimar and Dr. "W.-B.
Graham; * . ¦ . ¦ • ; ¦ ' \ ; .
The .'iPaciflc Steam Navigation Com
pany's 1 Guatemala arrived from South and
Central American ports yesterday, with -a
fair cargo and a number of passengers.
The' cargo consists principally of coffee,
cocoa, sugar and $25,150 in gold and silver.
1 The passengers by the steamship were
as follows: < • • :
German Steamship Munchen
Runs On the Rocks ; .
Near Yap.
Guatemala Brings Fair
Cargo and Many I
Passengers.
SOUTH AMERICAN
STEAMSHIP HERE
Francisco Bay. Published 'by official-au
thority., of. the Superintendent "' .
NOTE— The high and low waters- occur, at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; MONDAY, :MAX 13, ; 1901.
MONDAY. MAY 13.
11
Sun rises
Sun sets ..
Moon rises
.V.V.V.V.V.V." V.V;V:4O i
.5:01
.7:10
.. m.
Time
Date A
i; w
13 ... 1:10
14 ... 2:00
15 ... 2:52
16 ... 3:43
17 ... . 4:32
18...V -5:21
19 ... 6:11
Ft
1.6
0.8
0.2
—0.4
—0.9
—1.2
—1.3
Time
H W
'7:10
8:25
9:33
10:36
11:31
12:26
1:20
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
- L. W H W
; 4.4| 1:04 1.2 7:40
. 4.5 »54 1.5 8:23
4.7 2:41 1.7 »:04
4.8 3:28 2.0 9:46
4.9 4:14 2.3 10:30
- 4.9 5:00 2.6 11:14
5.0 5:51 2.8 ......
Ft.
. 5.6
5.9
6.2
(.5
6.8
6.6
Steamer.
Destination.
ler.
— r
Mandalay....
Pomona
S. Portland...
Columbia
Alliance
Rainier
Denderah
Arcata
Bonlta
Czarina:
Newburgr
San Pedro
Queen...
Fulton
• May 13.
Coqullle River ....
Humboldt ...........
Seattle & Tacoma.
Astoria & Portland
May 14.
Ptld & Coos Bay.
Seattle &. N. What
Hamburg & Way.
Coos Bay
Newport ¦
: Seattle & Tacoma.
Grays Harbor ....
May 15.
Humboldt ......
San Diego
Grays Harbor ....
May 16.
Humboldt
Humboldt
Puget Sound Ports
Valparaiso & Way
May 17.
Grays Harbor ...¦.
May 18.
Newport
Honolulu ...:.......
'Panama & Way. .
Astoria & Portland
Point Arena
6 pm Pier 3
1:30 p Pier 9
6 pm Pier 13
11 am Pier 24
5 pm Pier 16
2 pm Pier I
Pier 27
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
6 pm Pier t
5 pm Pier S
5 pm Pier 3
» am Pier 11
5 pm Pier —
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier '2
11 am Pier 9
12 m Pier 34
5 pm Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 7
12 m PMSS
11 am Pier 24
2 pm Pier i
Eureka ...
North Fork...
Walla Walla.
Guatemala...
G. Dollar
Corona ....
Zealand la....
Newport
G. W. Elder.
Point" Arena..
Steamer.
From.
Due.
South. Portland i, ea " le / n e d Jacoma.... May 13
Alliance... Portland & Coos Bay.. May IS
Pomona.'.".".".":". Humboldt May IS
North Fork. .... Humboldt . . . . May 13
Fulton Grays Harbor May U
Santa Barbara.' Humboldt ..... May 13
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma May 14
Eureka..... Humboldf .......... May 14
Grace Dollar... GrayB Harbor May 1*
Newburg........ San Pedro May 14
Washtenaw.... Tacoma. May 14
San Pedro Kan Pedro May la
Acme Siuslaw River May 13
Kvarven Comox May 15
Marlposa Honolulu May 1»
G W Elder.... Portland and Astoria.. May 15
Corona........... Newport . May 15
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 16
Santa Rosa . San Diego May 18
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 1}
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor ....... May 1*
Umatilla........ Puget Sound Ports.... May IT
Kmpire CToos Bay May 17
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. May 19
Kambyses...... Hamburg & Way Ports May 19
Arcata. Coos Bay May li
I Last I This
24 Hours Season.
Last
Season.
STATIONS.
pureka '.*.
Red Bluff
Sacramento
San Francisco
Fresno
Independence :......
San Luis Obispo...'.
Los Angeles
San Diego
O.OO
0.00
.0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
0.00
o.oo •
O.OO
45.93
24.21
19.52
20.21
11.06
5.85
30.85
- 15.88
11.25
48.55
22.94
20.24
18.42
10.27
3.85
17.20
7.91
5.85
AUCTION SALES
&» ATTEND THIS BIG £a
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES,
• " Consisting of
150 MARES AND GELDINGS.
Broken single and double, and weighing from
10OO to 1350 pounds, and are from 4 to 10 years,
old. Many handsome single drivers, well
matched teams and saddle, horses. All are-
solid in color and ¦ have passed the veterina-
rian's inspection. They are suitable for livery-
men, stage owners, teamsters, expressmen, etc.
No reserve. Terms cash.
Sals Takes Place
TUESDAY, Way 14, 1901,
. From 10 a. m. Sharp to 1:30 p. m.
' OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
WM. G. LATNG. Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard. We also have 35 fine
mules at private sale. ¦ '
OCEA3X TBAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
Nk wharf, San Francisco:
Ffflfrifc. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
{SigfeL May 1, 6. IL 16. 21. M. 31.
KS0f*JS*^ lune 5. Change to company's
t2*.K5jf\5Vl steamers at Seattle.
i E3£i£*ipL3al For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
¦ PMJCJy-*u?r3i C.), Port Townsend, Seattle.
J f- Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. May 1. 6, IL 16. 21.
28.' 31, June 6 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tav-
coma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.. May
3. 8, 13, 18. 23, 23. June 2. and every fifth day
thereafter. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los- An-
pelea)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays. 9 a. m.;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
-For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San. Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford <San
Luis Obispo), Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ven-
tura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East San Pedro
•Newport (*Corona only)— Steamer Corona, Sat-
urdays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays,
9 a -m.
« For Ensenada, Ma^dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Las Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
month.
For further information obtain company ¦
folders.
The company - reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours ot sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New 1 Montgomery,
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Asrts..
:. - 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
.Pacific ; Coast A Steamship Co.
1^ - FOR
feNOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PDEBLA
Will San
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome laat
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ajrts..
10 Market street.
O. R. Zf N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. 1 hrough tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA.:. 1 .. Sails May 13. 23, June 2. 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER. Sa.ila May 8. 18. 23. June 1
D. w. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
... . 1 Montgomery st-. S. F.
I WILD GOOSE MINING AND TRAD- H
ING COMPANT. • M
Passenger and Freight Steamer fcj]
CHAS. D. LANE. I
TELLER, GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR- i
. ' ENCE. ETC. M
• SAILS JUNE 1. - B
' Superior First and ' Second Class Pas- B
senger Accommodations. «
EO Tons Cold Storage Capacity. v|
THls company owns the most success- M
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring H
safe discharge of all freight; also owns JM
and operates the Wild Goose Ry. (H
Heavy Machinery, Barges. Etc.. Taken. §|
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO.. 6G7 Market st. m
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR *•
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And AH Points on Yukon River.
Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
From San Francisco. From Seattle.
May 25.. S. 9. "PORTLAND
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL" June S
May 25.. »S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
' •"CONEMAUGH" carries freight and live
stock. - No passengers. - ...
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply tQ
"northern commercial company.
310 Sansome St.. San Francisco.
N. A. T. & T. CO.
TELLER. ST. MICHAEL and all YUKON
RIVER POINTS. • • .
From San Francisco. ¦¦* *
SS. ROANOKE Sails May 19
SS. SANTA ANA .......Sails
For tickets er freight space write or apply
. UNION TICKET OFFICE.
630 Market St.. S. F.
AMERICAN LINE.
KKTT TO'^K. SOtmUHPTin. LOVDO!*; PAKTS.
Stopping «t Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul...". .May 23 St Louis...., ...June 28
St. Louis June 5 St.. Paul July 10
St. Paul.. June 13 St. Louis July 17
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Pennland .......May 22 Frie*Iand June 13
Kensington May 29 Eouthwark June 1»
Zeeland ..June J Vaderland June 28
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA :'H. R. SET-
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. flO5 ; Steerage. *4O.
S. 6. Leelanaw sails Monday, . June 3
8. 8. Argyll sails Monday, June 24
S. S. Lee anaw ''sails MonJiy. July 13
From Fremont -street Wharf at 2 p. m. " '
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
- F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FoTuTs. NAVY YARD ANdTyALLEJO:"
Steamer " Montlcello."
MON : TUES.. WED.. THUR3. AND SAT.
»t »:45 a. ta-. J:13. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night): -Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays.
10-30 a. in., 8 p. m. Landing and office. M!»-
¦ion-sC Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Mala UOt.
COMPAQNIE GENES ALS TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS/ -.^-^
Sailing every Thursday, Instead or <^*/fVt*
Saturday, at '10 a. m:; from. Pier -42, --^SiMM
North Rtver, foot of Morton street, . First class
to Havre, - $55 and upward. Second class to
HaVre,\|4o and upward.* .GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED -., STATES and : CANADA; 12
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork: J. F.
FUGAZI.& CO., Pacinc Coast Agents, . 5 Mont-
romery- avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents. .
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping , at ' Mexican, Central
and South . American ., ports. Sailing Fremont-
street Wharf, 12 m. .-•• - - - •• . .
GUATEMALA .May IS LOA June 12
PALENA .......May 3MTUCAPEL June 27
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. • (No
chahge at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 31« California street. ¦ i ~
BALFOUR. GUTHRIB & CO.. Gen.- Agents.
':'.......'...'.... Sunday," June 30, at 4 p. m.
I D.SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Gsneral Igsnts, 327 Xarkit St
fisn'l Passsngsr GfSa, 643 Harbt St.. Pier Ko. 7, Pad: St
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)........'...
' ...•.'.:.;.•....*. ;Saturday.' May 18. 10 a. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
¦ .New Zealand and . Australia
'..Thursday. May 30, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti.....'..:.. :
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki I and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No- cargo received on board on
day of sailing. - i
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 22, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU.:Wednesday, July 17, 1901
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
OCEAN TRAVEL
DIED.
Alden, : Daniel ,W. . Gunn, Hugh
Boothroyd, Catherine . Hughes, Joseph A.
Bradford. Eva L. Kortick. Frank ¦ , <
Brown, Andrew H. McKay, Edward A.
Bruhns, Harry C. ' Moore, Cynthia E. .
Croft, Mary A. .. Neville, Vere - •
Distel, Julia -^ . Petersen,, Cant. A. T.
Drayton, • Albert . P. Reudloff, Herman .
Jr. ' Robinson, William
Goldberg, Daniel Bpinetti. Melba
Grounds^ Mrs. -Mamie . Smith. ¦Elizabeth' R;~
Griffin, Mr. and Mrs. Walsh, Mary E. .
Maurice — Williams, William P.
ALDEN— Near Lafayette, Cal., May 11, 190L
.'.Daniel W.. beloved husband of Dawn Prefe-
cott A Id en, a. native, of' Montana, aeed 31
years. . ¦ - . ;
i IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, May ,15, at 10:30 o'clock, from
his late residence, 764 Lydla street.
BOOTHROYD- In Salinas, May 10, 1901, Cath-
. erlne, beloved wife of the late Alfred Booth-
. royd, and sister of Mrs. William McKenary
and James Murphy, a native v of St. John,
New» Brunswick, 'aged 52 years. (St. John
and New Brunswick papers please copy.)
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . Invited to attend the funeral • this day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
. quiem high mass will be celebrated * for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment • Mount Calvary Cemetery." '
BRADFORD-^In T this city. May 11. 1901, Eva
• Leon,' beloved wife of W." A. Bradford, and
mother, of Mrs. Lulu. Thompson Galena and
James R. Phillips, a native of Vallejo, Cal.,
used 35 years 3 months and 19 days. (St.
Paul, , Minn., papers pleasa copy.). . . ¦
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from. the parlors of
th3 United - Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn . Cemetery-
BROWN— In this city, May ¦ 11, ¦ 1901, ••' Andrew
Hallidie Brown, son of the late George and
Emma Brown, grandson of Peter and Alice
Van Pelt, and cousin of ¦ Mrs. . A. S. Halli-
die, aged 13 years 11 months and 27 days.
C?-Funeral services this day (Monday),
at I o'clock,' at the residence of Mrs. ¦ A. S.
Hallidie, 1032 Washington street. Interment
private. Laurel Hill Cemetery. |. . - , ,
BRUHNS— In- this city, May 12,; 1901, Harry
Conrad Bruhns, dearly beloved son of C. H.
and Johanna Fredericka Bruhns, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 .years 11 months and
21 days. :..,..'• - -- \.
: $~y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 200 Francfcsco street, corner of
. Dupont. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.'
CROFT— In this city, May 11, 1901, Mary A.,
daughter of John and Julia Croft, a native
of San Francisco,, aged 23 days. - - -.
DISTELr-In Mountain View. Santa Clara
County, Cal., Julia," beloved daughter,' of Ber-
nard and Caroline. Distel, and sister of Alice,
Eusene, Fanny and the late -Victor Distel,
aged 12 years and 3 .montbs. ... _.. iS, . ...
cyThe funeral will take place • to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents; at Mountain View, Cal. '
DRAYTON— Albert Paulbln? Drayton Jr., a
native of San Francisco, aged 34 years.
ItyNotice of funeral hereafter.
GOLDBERG— In this city. May 12, 1901; Daniel
Goldberg, a native of "Warsaw, Poland, aged
75 years. " .
GJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of " Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, " be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, thence by 11:30 o'clock
train to New, Salem Cemetery for Interment
GRIFFIN— An anniversary solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the souls
of the late Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Griffin to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, at St.' Pe-
ter's Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets.
GROUNDS— In this city. May 12, 1901, Mrs.
Mamie Grounds, daughter of Catherine and
. the late James Long, a native of San Fran-
. Cisco, aeed 27 years. ,. . ¦
GUNN— In Alameda, May 11; 1901. Hugh Gunn,
beloved husband of Elizabeth R. Gunn. and
' father of Christina, Isabella. Robert, Walter
and Hugh Gunn Jr. and Mrs. George H.
Wood, Mrs. E. O. Tuttle'and the late Mrs.
Samuel Mosgrove . and Mrs. James Carte and
William H. Gunn, aged $5 years .6 months
' and 20 days.
HUGHES— In Oakland, May 10. 1901, Joseph
A. Hughes, beloved son of Philip and Ma-
tilda Hughes, and brother of Mrs. R. Nledt
and John and William Hughes, a native of
! Portland, Me., aged 17 years 9 months and
12 days. ••
lET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his father'*
; residence. Thirty-seventh '.street and San
Pablo avenue, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will rbe cele-
.brated for the repose of .his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland; ; -v~. C*.' '•'.'.• ¦ . - *w -
KORTICK— In this city. May 11, 1901, Frank,
beloved husband of the late Sarah Kortick,
and father of Mrs. D. ! A. Curtin, Thomas
H.,. Frank. J. and John C. Kortick and- Sister
Augustine and : the late Mrs. J. Harrington
and Mrs. S. Macdonald, a native of Vienna,
Austria, aged 70 years 6 months and 26 days.
(Chicago, I1L, papers please copy.)
(n^Friends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeraL<o^morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
' dence, 3556 Twenty-third street, corner Guer-
rero, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
solemn reauiem mass will be .celebrated for
the i*esose of his soul, commencing at 9
. o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery via
electric funeral car from Thirtieth street and
San Jose avenue. . .
McKAY— In this city. May 11, 1901. Edward A.
McKay, a native of Eureka, Cal., aged 41
years 1 month and 15 days.
t?Funeral services this day (Monday),
at 10 o'clock, at the .residence of his brother-
*in-law, J..J: Loggie, 712 Shotwell street. In-
terment- private. Please • omit i flowers.
MOORE— In this city, at Presidio, May 11, 1901,
Cynthia Eleanor, beloved 'daughter ot C. J.
' B. Moore, and sister of Willard Moore, a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 28 years. • ¦
(C^Friends and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Post Chapel,
¦Presidio. Interment National Cemetery.
NEVILLE— In this city. May 12, 1901, Vere,
beloved and only son of Samuel E. and Flor-
ence N. Neville, a' native of San Francisco,
aged 14 years 4 months and 5* days. ¦ (Port-
land, Or., papers please copy.) . \ •
(ETFuneral and "Interment private.
PETERSEN— In' this city. May 11, 1901, Cap-
tain ¦ Axel Thorvald Petersen, beloved hus-
band of Ethel Petersen (nee Day), a native
of Aarhus, Denmark,- aged 25 years 8 months
and 18 days. ¦ A member of Steamship Mas-
ters' and Pilot' Harbor No; 15, Shipmasters'
Protective Association, and Helga No. 3,
Danla. ' ¦•
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs F. Day, 838 Greenwich street, be-
tween Meson and Taylor. Interment at Odd
. Fellows 1 fcemetery, • . .
REUDLOFF— In the City and County Hospital,
May 11, 1901. Herman Reudloff, a native of
Germany, aged 50 years. ...
ROBINSON— In this city, May 11, 1901, Wil-
• Ham Robinson, beloved father of Mrs. Robert
Abram, aced 75 years. • , .
ICT'Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day-(Monday), at 1:15
o'clock, from his late residence, 235 Hayes
street thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh
• and Market streets, where funeral . services
will be held at 2 o'clock, under the auspice*
of California Lodge, I. O. O. F.
SPINETTI— In this city. May 12, 1901, Melba
Splnettl beloved daughter of Michael L. and
Annie Spinettl, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 months and 8 days v . . - '.- .
ETThe funeral wltf take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, * from the family
residence, 1712 Stockton street. Interment
Italian Cemetery. .: .. ;
SMITH-In this city. May ,12. 1901. Elisabeth
Rudolph , Smith, „ dearly . beloved wife, of Cap-
tain Edward! Smith, : and mother ;of Ave. C.
Smith, a native of Hesse-Cassel. Germany,
aged 45 years and 20. days. ; (Meridan,. ponn.,
papers please copy.) '-». V - ¦ • ¦ •
¦ iry Friends and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
'• (Tuesday).' at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of HF. Suhr & Coy. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet' Cemetery, by carriage.
WAL1H- In Oakland,, May 12, 1901, Mary E.,
nparlv beloved daughter,- of Coleman and
Bridget Walah. and sister of Delia, Maggie;
Willie and Nellie -Walsh, a native of Napa
' County, Cal., aged, 5 24 years 2 months and 1
day. ¦ ¦ . . \ .:-.-i>v ' ¦¦• .-'¦¦¦;-,.¦.¦.¦/ -¦¦¦
WILLIAMS— In ;thisrclty. May 10, 1901, Wil-
liam P.. beloved ';' husband of 9 Maggie M.
Williams, father of .Willie and Robert Wil-
liams, and brother of John Williams, a na-
tive of Wales, aged 45 years., ' :
; (E7* Friend s 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ' .
SAN FRANCISCO, May 6, 1901.— This is to cer-
tify that CHARLES H. 1 JACOB has this day,
in Department ¦ Ten j of the I Superior Court of
-the City and' County .T>f San Francisco, ' Cal. ¦
changed .his name to CHARLES H. J. -TRU-
MAN. Slffned: . CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN. .'
Telephone South 252.- •"«.•'«: San Francisco.
.'No Connection. With Any Other House. -
BugeneMcGinn. . .¦.-.-• AlcUlNNJUKOS,
' Funeral Directors and- Embalmers. ; .
., . 31 EDDY STREET. . • . ..
McAVOK';'<fe CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS.
. 1239 Market ; St.;, between 8th and 9th. ;
. -. . Telephone South 247. ..••.- -¦¦¦-.
. (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
• . '- . DANIEL P.. DONOVAN. Mgr. - t •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
¦20 Fifth St., opposite. Lincoln School. ' ,
. . Telephone South SO. ¦ • . • .
iiENRY J. GALLAGHER, CO.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL unrigrhts loweet prices and easiest terms.
1 Nrjella $65 2 Chickerlngs (like
1 Heine baby Brand new) $200
(like new) $325 2 Helnes $315 up
1 Stetnway $183 1 Hallet-Davis $465
And IJftr others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. TTe handle all makes. Agents for some
of the oldest and most famous pianos in .ex-
istence, including Hallet-Davis. indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50.000 in use inmost
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Cq». 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price . allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $S. $4 and
$5 p«s- month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Fteinfray dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth 6 t, Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFETS piano store from
Market st. to our larre and eleta.nt quarters
Sl« Post St., opposite Union squire. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS., KEEFFE. 314 Post st. between Stock-
ton ftnd Powell.
AT B^RON MAUZrS, S08 POST ST.
Yoi are invited to call and hear the Peer-
less electric self-playing piano attachment;
can be put In any piano; also to inspect our
piano ' factory and eee how a piano is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
tlton| gplelmann pianos.
ABSoIuTKLY the oldest and largest house
west"of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 26.
2S aM 30 O'Farrell st; pianos, organs and
all <&her musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and" satisfy the
custiner.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
son, i Hallet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
FteriJng. ITS. $125. U4S. etc : ea*y payments.
PEXJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickeringr. Vose. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
FROM now until June 1 we will have a gen-
uine cash clearance sale of pianos. Custom-
ers can *ret the best bargains in the city
from us during this sale. Read our display
"ad." In the Bulletin. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS, 7C9 Market St.. city.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1708 Market St.. an-
cther lot of pianos put on sale: uprights," $35.
JC5, $100; also very small fine baby grand;
preat bargains, at auction prices.
A SECOND-HAND upright piano in good con-
dition. $*>0: extra bargains in new pianos
during celebration week. DEWING CO.,
Flood building.
FINE, high-grade upright piano, sacrificed on
account of death. 219 Leavenworth et, near
Eddy.
A — $410; t'PRIGHT errand, new, for almost
half. ri6 McAllister st.
HAVE snld 1 piano: have another excellent up-
rlpht at big bargain. J. H. Kilgo, 846 Missldn.
LT'DWIO r'anos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN CO., general agents. 933 Market st.
KRANICH & BACH pianos, musicians' delight.
Pole agency BRUENN. SOS Post St.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
Ct'RTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st
I1T7-MAHOGAXY case Fischer upright 217
Geary st.. room 38. . .
A SMALL Chickertng upright S125; 6 uprights.
F<?cond-handed: your choice at $110. 217 Geary-
$4' UPRIGHT. J125 Knabe. $133 eteinway &
Sons, at FAY'S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT WILSONS Storage, 170C Market et. you
fan pet storage pianos almost for a song.
BAP.GAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
FT'PKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. il!
MULLER. inaker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
TO rent or lease — Second floor. 620 Market St.,
opposite Palace Hotel: At business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market st
CORNER Market an-J Guerrero, large store;
fine location for drug store, liquor or other
business; living rooms; J21.
LIGHT. Funny offices $15 to $20. Emma Spreck-
»1« hniWng. 927 Markpt Bt. '
OIL.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will make you
rich; you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Eafe Deposit and Trust Co.: 6end for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 326 Post st
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company;
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
districts. Office, 23 and 24 Merchants' Ex.
LIVE orranizers can secure oil lands without
rash. Call "N~OW," 36 Geary St.. roora fi.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
f1*<»s: rhfiip. H. P. WTITTF.. EH> Mission St.
OIL LANDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lan<?4
or wish to invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
FOR sale or lease — Twenty acres proven land,
edjoining Fan Joaquin Oil Co.. in Kern River
district. If you have money and are ready to
Eo to drilling see S. T. ALLEN, 474 Parrott
building. S. F. .
OIL STOCK.
EXCHANGE for oil etock — Improved or unim-
proved real estate to exchange for good oil
stock: state price and company- Address box
2234 Call office. Oakland.
PAINTERS AVD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
18 un. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth: open even.
PALMISTRY.
li. JEROME FOESELLl. scientific palmist 815
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 581.
MME. GERMAINE. the business palmist of the
Pacific Coast. 90C Market st.
Mrs. Larr.b.Bcientiflc palmist and character read-
ing; lpsyons In class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 18.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
BEST on earth— Blood poison, itching, skin
clipeas^s, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full information to the old reliable |
King Liniment Medicine Co., permanently
located 62$ Montgomery et.. room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
A NEW and harmless discovery, a simple clay,
which will turn white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden,
in from four to twelve hours, according to
Fhade required. DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter Et.
NOTICE— TORMEY. May 10, 1901.— From this
date I will not be responsible for any debts
contracted by my wife. Mrs. M. Silva of
Pinole, she having left my bed and board
without Just cause or provocation.
MANUEL F. SILVA.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 4SS Geary et.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation 6ent to all
parts cf the world; call or send for circular.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one tide of face, the other made smooth and
youthful; hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology. 105 Ellis st. San Fran.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5; valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. ' MRS.
WILLIAMS, 1S29 Polk St.. Ban Francisco.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light tn every room— "Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Et, near Market: 700 rooms: '
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 5» to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LADIES' and gents' shampooing, manicuring
and hairdresElng; also expert massage treat-
ment. The Superior, suite 69, 14 McAllister.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1232 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn halrdressin*. hair work, man-
icurtnjr; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market bet. Polk and Van Ne»s.
TATLOn made suits. $7 EO; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton: diseases of men only; sanitarium
659 Clay st.. cor. Kearny; consultation free.
SPRING fityles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market st. nr. Sixth.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 18
yearg' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie »t
Dr. Harriett Welch, 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Eat; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
OLD rold. silver, diamonds and precious stonea ;
bouitht. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market Bt
Ladles' and bents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. SlU-erman. 9S4 Polsom;tel.Folsom 119L
C. LANDECKER. 20 Mont'gy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken. $1; guar.
PICNIC SUPPLIES
ON yoor way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
& MOHNS. 2J Market st. for finest wines and
liquors; biggest bouse; open Sundays.
PERS iQ N ALS— Con tinned. _¦
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt. x
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. HISS EATON, 1119 Sutter St.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. . •
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR.- C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market et, between , Sixth and Seventh.,
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
.. PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here in your
midst; many' who have suffered -20 to 30
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
eurgery or delay from business, and no
ealves for sale. Particulars, address Physi-
cian, box 1950, Call office, S. F., Cal.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding piles
without fall, no matter of how long standirg.
1C2S Devisadero st.. near Sutter.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Income property south of Market;
$2000 to 510.000. Box 3665. Call office.
REAL, ESTATE CITY FOR. SALE.
NEW house. Just being finished; 5 rooms, bath-
room and large basement; a nice home; extra
well built; good finish; marine view; east
side Tenth ave.. souf'j from California et. ;
lot 25x120; only $2650. W. J. GUNN, 530 Cali-
fornia st. ¦
2 WELL- LOCATED lots; only $750 each: west
side Tenth ave., 183 feet north from Clement
St.; 25x120 each; marine view; -elevated
ground: the cheapest lots in Richmond; ready
for building: street work done; a few steps
from the electric cars; easy payments. $30
quarterly; these are the only lots- now offered
in Richmond In installments; a splendid pur-
chase; they cost $1200 each; easy way to pet
a home: you never can get a chance like this
again; fine way to pave and make money.
W. J. GUXN. £30 California st.
A TRIP to Thistleton, £72 Sadbwa St., Ocean
View— On electric cars, 5c; level lots $100 up;
cottage $800 up; chicken ranch and large lot,
hothouse, barn and small cottage, $600;' cheap-
est bargain in S. F. i
$3750— DESIRABLE fiats on Rausch st. off
Howard, near New Postofflce; rented low at
$43 monthly; $1700 can remain on mortgage.
Apply 21 Moss st. upstairs. .
$1750 — GOOD bargain; cottage, 8 rooms, large
basement: lot 25x80; mortgage $900 can re-
main. NW. cor. Church and Liberty sts.
FOR sale — Well-constructed, modern residence.
8 rooms and. bath, in a desirable ' location
near park; reasonable terms. 660 Mission st.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence, 775 Cole st. ; open dally.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. CUXN'. 530 California St.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County ¦ Vitlculturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St. Helena, Cal.
FOR sale or exchange for Oakland income prop-
erty — A beautiful home in town with excellent
Income; must be sold at once; price $4000;
terms to suit. Adrefcs.box 19, Liyermore, Cal.
320 ACRES wheat or orchard land; fine im-
prvmts; will exchange for stock merchandise;
city or country. WOODMAXSEE, 632 ilrket.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent 719
Market Et. by Call bldg.— Free circulars de-
scrlbing farms for sale all over this State.
IN Palo Alto — Lots and acre tracts ' for sale.
H. W. BROWN. 12 Montgomery st., S. F.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list C. R. WINFIELD, Petaluma, Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main, Petaluma, tor
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CHICKEN RANCH TO LET.
CHICKEN ranch to let on Chenery st, opp. i
FrenWi. J. B. LEWIS, 436 Montgomery st
SALSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO residence for sale; the beautiful
home of WM. G. BARRETT, within 3 min-
utes' walk of depot; large modern house of
20 rooms and 2 baths: completely furnished:
private gas works; fine well: magnificent
view of entire bav; large grounds, under high
cultivation. Apply WM. G. BARRETT. Sec-
retary S. F. Gas & Elec. Co.. 415 Post -st
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE. -
$160— LOTS in Ross Valley, near" San Anselmo
station: 25x160. Apply 976 Jackson st. ¦
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
170 ACRES on mountains; small house, barn,
furniture, tools; good grain and pasture land;
beautiful place; exchange for lot In San
i Francisco or email place in country. Box
3675. Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$650 TO $1050 for splendid building sites in
Berkeley, east of the railroad; send for map
of location, prices and terms. MAY & MOR-
' TIMER, sole agents.
$5000— SEE our nobby up to date house in the I
Scenic Park. MAY & MORTIMER.
$850— A CUTE little home for small family:
A rooms; hard finished: plenty of flowers and
trees. MAY & MORTIMER.
$3750— ALMOST completed modern home, 7
rooms, etc.; Improved street; near college; a
bargain. MAY & MORTIMER, Berkeley
station.
njE^JiEJ^Y^^>TJPA^iJE^
TO let— West Berkeley; a neatly furnished 4-
room cottage; lot 125x130, with large variety
of vegetables and flowers; rent very low to
right party. Box 4125. Call office.
FRUIHALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FINE corner lot 80xl32V4 in the Moss tract; on
electric car line, between Fruitvale and Blm-
hurs=t; for sale very cheap. Particulars from
owner. L. A. LAFRANCA, Mission ,San
Jose, Cal. '
I A SNAP; modern 5-room house; $250 cash, bal-
ance $13 17 per month, principal and interest;
large lot; east front. P. II; BLAKE, East
Fourteenth st., near Fruitvale ave.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$15 PER MONTH— TOTAL ONLY $1000.
Cottage of 5 rooms; sunny side; handy to San
Pablo ave. ; -walking distance of downtown;
street and walks complete; snap for a home or
investment
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
* 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
JS500— IN EAST OAKLAND. '
A bank sale; chance to get a big bargain;
elegant Eastlake, seven-roomed cottage, with
all modern improvements and extra well built;
lot 00x150; nice garden, stone walks, etc.; sunny
all day; choice location; handy to school,
churches and train: terms if desired. -
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
; OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102^ — Three nice housekeeping
rooms for rent. . '
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
two, $10; also single, $5 up a month.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin— Large, suriny bay-
windOw; wooden mantel; use of kitchen.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1532—3 sunny rooms; hot
and cold water;' bath. .
HOWARD, 200S— Two very sunny housekeeping
rooms; furnished; use of bath and piano.
MCALLISTER. 638— Elegantly furnished sunny
parlor suite; sink;' gas; range; bath . and
laundry; $20. «.
MINNA, 667, corner . Eighth— Newly furnished
bow window; mantel; closets; water;, gas
NEW Auburn House, 33* Third st — Housekeep-
ing rooms for family: also single, rooms for
gentlemen; reasonable prices; references.
NINTH, 113— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
¦ running water and bath; reasonable.
SECOND, 212 — "Well furnished for hskDK. or
lodgings; neat, clean arid respectable; reas.
SOUTH PARK, 84— Large sunny room, nicely
" furnished for housekeeping.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to tX Per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping, rooms;- 'open all night
BURNETT, 1426 Market (Old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. 6Uites, single; also unfurnished.
• 190L by -the Rev. .J- Fuendellnjf, Otto Dltt-
' barn and Albertine Wenzel. ..-' . .-.'
FRITSCHI— TSCHANTZ— In this city. May 8,
1901, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, John Fritschl
and Rosa Tschantz. . • -. • ¦¦¦.--. ..,-,;.
HERRGUTH— NIELSEN— In this city, May 10,
1901, by the Rev. J. • Fuendeling, Frank Herr-
- guth and Catherine N. Nielsen.
ROOMS TO LET— Farn, and Unfnrn.
I CHESTNUT, 293, North Beach— 2 or more fur-
nlshed rooms for housekeeping purposes; fine
,view and. sun; quiet ¦ neighborhood. .. •-;
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
.furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny. st. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS, 1829— Very large furnished, airy rooms
for gentleman or man and wife; private.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles'. parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market-
Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
and elegant furniture;- single rooms and
suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electric light and return call-
bell in every room; elevator and * full '" hotel
service; rates 75c per day and upward: ref.
HOTEL Hollenbeck, 601 -Geary st.,,cor. Taylor-
Sunny suites and single, with board.
HOWARD, 728— Room suitable for two; reason-
able; also single room, $5; gas. -
JESSIE, 637— Sunny furnished room in private
family; rent $6. —
JESSIE, 363, rear Fifth— Furnished rooms',- $5
and $6. . ¦ • •
KEARNY. 215— Four furnished rooms to let;
«¦ also two front windows to let MRS. E. M.
TOBIN. ,_^ ¦-
LARKIN, 610— Two furnished rooms to let.
LASKIE, 9%— Furnished room; private; 53 per
month.
MARKET, 1049A — Front rooms, en suite, sin-
gle; also other rooms; telephone Howard 108.
MARKET, 24S2— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; private family; adults only; $10. .- ,,
METROPOLE, 6 Turk, cor. Market— Newly fur-
nished rooms from 50c to $2 per day. .
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, ma
ROSEDALE „ House, 319-321 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'' par-
lor; rooms, per night, ,35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$S; month. ,$S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with- hot and cold water; baths. "
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished. <-
SUTTER. 703, cor. Taylor (The San Remi)—
Sunny furnished rooms, suites or single. \
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Desirable rooms can be
had. $1 50 per week up; near all theaters.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth — Fine rsunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 126— Sunny furnished front room suit-
able for a gentleman. >
TURK. 26S (The Lake),-New house; newly fur-
nished; modern; board optional. Phone
South 422. . . - - . - .' - . . '
TURK, 543— Sunny single furnished room; rent
UNION. 1033— Nicely furnished rooms for rent.
ROOMS . AND BOARD.
H^T^T^Re^ielle^r^TsT^u^te^N^vrly furnT;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
j HOTEL Las Palmas. 1S20 Ilarket— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 413
First st. between Harrison and Bryant. ¦
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia st. Mission
warm belt — Good board; fine rooms; reason-
able rates: cars pass the door.
AT summer rates; attractive rooms: special
table: wine dinners. 807 California st.
i ,
SPKCIAL NOTICES. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19; tel. R5SP.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines all makes at al-
most, any price you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth st. : Dhone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, .re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. . •¦ •
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1. ~
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TO LEASE.
lovely~home! "*~ ~~~ ~^~-^~~~^-~-~-
To lease for a long term to responsible
party, 40 aci*-s of best land, good locality. In
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
pot;' consisting of about 25 acres of 'best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc.; -lovely cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.: also fine
¦winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
3S41, Call office.
TO lease for a number of years— 320 acres fir
cattle ranch; fruit. on place. Call at 117 San
Pablo ave., Oakland.
TYPEWRITERS AND , SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^\\>
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
_ WINDOWS FOR PAR .APE
RECEPTION parlor; two large windows Cex-
cluslve) ;. parade. Third St., near Market:
$20. Box 4139, Call office.
REVIEW stand for parade; east side of Van
Ness ave., between Grove and Fulton sts. ;
seats for sale at bicycle store, 230 Van Ness.
VIEW PARADE— A vacant ofRce window to
let. Inquire FISHER & CO., 935 Market.
WINDOWS to rent on Market st. for viewing
parade. Apply at 1 Fifth et.. room 10, 1-5.
WINDOWS to rent for McKinley parade. 448V4
¦ Third st... ¦ . ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice —Dividend No. 21 (iwontyi
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Wednesday,. May 15, 1901. , Transfer
books closed 'Wednesday.- May 8, 1901 at 3
> o'clock p. m. E.H. SHELDON. Secretary.
, PROPOSALsf" ~™
PROPOSALS for Clothing for U. S. A. Trans-
port Service. Depot Quartermaster's Office.
86 New Montgomery street;, San Francisco
Cal., May 13, 1901.— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be received at this office until 11
a. m., Thursday, May 23, 1901, Pacific Stand-
ard Time, • and then opened far furnishing
White Duck Aprons, White Caps, Blouses
Dark Blue Caps, Cap Ribbons. "White Duck
Hats, Jumpers, White Duck Jack-
ets, Lanyards. Neckerchiefs, Dungaree
Trousers, Working Trousers, White Duck
Trousers, Overcoats, Reefers, and Hospital
Flags. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture/ condi-
tions of prhce and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such
. preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves. the right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for pro-
posals will bo furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be endorsed
"Proposals No. 4545," and addressed to
Major OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster, U.
6. Army, Depot Quartermaster. • ¦ . .
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
glneer. Division of the Philippines. Manila,
P. , 1., March 1, . 1901 — Scaled proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila. P. I.; will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a.
. m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 156,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 3,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a. pile. bulk-
head 4700 feet long. .Dredging in mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. I Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. The right is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office. Bureau of
Insular Affairs, Washington. D. C. ; United
States 'Engineer Offices at New" York, - Chi-
cago and San Francisco.. JOHN BIDDLE,
Captain, Engineers. •; ¦ ¦ ¦ ••
PROPOSALS for coal— Office of, General Super-
intendent Army Transport Service. San Fran-
• clsco,' Cal., May 10, 1901. Sealed proposals- in
triplicate for furnishing and delivering at
Honolulu, H. I." twenty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam Coal; or such portion thereof . as
may be reauired, will be received at ! this
office until 12 m.. June 10, 1901, and ¦¦then
opened. Information furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals should be in-
dorsed. "Proposals for Coal," and addressed
to OSCAR F. LONG. General Superintendent
BIRTHS-HRRIAGES-DEATHS.
-:f/'" MARRIED. '
DITTBARN— WBXZEL— In this city) May 12,Caught j With Stolen Papers.
George i Young., was arrested by , Police
Officers Flnnelly, and Kelly 'of the Seven
teenth-street/ station' at 16^o'clock' yester
day'.morning: 5 on Guerrero street, .rand
charged t.wlth stealing • two * copfes » of a
morning newspaper.' The papers had been
taken from a'doorstep by. Young. -^The ac
tion was seen, by the officers,: and Young
was Immediately placed -.under arrest.' -
Shoots .': Himself While Despondent.
John G. ,; Thierlnsrer, ', a. barroom atterid
ant,'sent a plsjtol bullet into his head yes
terday at the United States - Hotel, 123
Eddy street. , Thleringer's attempt to take"
his life will prove abortive, as the powder
charge was not sufficient to send the car
tridge ; through -the" brain. To Steward
Boucher Thlerlnsrer ¦ said '• he '-.was de
spondent and desired ,to end his 1 life. ¦
Discharged Soldier Missing.
: William R. Cummlngs,, who. served with
considerable distinction In the Philippine
war as sergeant of Company , I, Twenty
eighth Infantry, and who was discharged
in this city last Friday, has disappeared
and his ; relatives fear . that something
has happened to him. •• Last night his
brother visited ' police headquarters and
enlisted the services of Captain Seymour
in finding his relative. ¦
Moderately Priced Apartments.
Permanent" and transient guests- will find
Hotel Neoveau, -.312 Stockton St., conveniently
located and first-class In every detail. ••
Sunday 'at the Pleasure Places,
It was cold and disagreeable at- the
park and beach yesterday and the crowds
were small In consequence. The day pass
ed off quietly, no accidents* or incidents'
worthy of mention occurring. The usual
jolly crowd assembled ¦ at the Chutes and
enjoyed the various features, .both inside
and outside of the theater. Following are
the results of,', the • contests . at Sutro
Baths: ' '• * . -c
Fifty-yard race— G. Bundburg, first; H.
Heinz second.- Under water swimming— J.
Ray first; T. Faxrell, second. ¦ Tub race— F.
Hughes, first; C. Rollins, second; P. Tlmmons,
third. ¦ - One ; hundred yard race — F. "Wallace,
first- Z. Jones, second. High diving— N. Stock
ton, first prize; F. Ray. second prize. E. B.
Stolle won the half mile swimming match, de
feating "WV.Kyle by several yards.
and Harlean was wisely withdrawn In
consequence.
Both dogs were in good trim -and under
ordinary conditions the deciding round
would have been one worth seeing-. •
Luxor, after having shown qualities suf
ficient to help him to a position at the
end of the stake, was outpointed by San
touin, after severe work. His defeast cost
the wise ones a few heartaches,, as he
was backed plentifully with seven to one
given on his chances. The dogs were giv
en a runaway hare that out-distanced
them. Santonin was withdrawn after the
course. . ;
«£l ery Fa f e ' though unlucky, goftothe
fifth round. Sir Pasha seemed destined
to make It unpleasant for honor-seekers,
but a Jerky hare given- to him and-'the
runner up took the dash out of both and
gave relief dogs some exercise. '.,-%- ¦
The Puppy stake brought out a few sur
prises. Tiburon, the stake favorite," was
beaten In his first course-by Jim -Dean's
youngster, Greyfeld, and the pickers;plck
ed a 3 to Lshot on the winning. Without
detracting fr"om the winner it is but just
to Bay that, Tiburon has been a; sick dog.
Cold Shivers won first money'.vby. beating
his more experienced sister iivithev last
course. These For - Freedom-Amarosa
puppies are the top notchersiof the last
years gret, as were Harlean Gladys and
Wedgewood of the Reason before. , Shivers
is a husky hound, weighing 67 pounds, and
if predictions. count, will be fast enough
in any company. He beat Cosey and Mer
riwa, in turn, pointless. > and In , the. latter
course beat out a 2 to 1 favorite. At the
same odds, he took the final .flag from
Freeeze Out. A stake- winner In Shivers
In his first time out, Freeze Out with the
Belle Brandon cup to her. credit, and' stake
victories to The Iceman. and For Liberty,
give the litter a proud record.
Rosie Clalr made a happy return to her
backers In beating Rural Artist, who was
held at 10 to 1... Black Head, a For Free
dom-Mayflower, young hound of g;ood: rec
ord, was beaten pointless by McComb's
Royal Fashion, a short end - as good : as
5 tc l.i . • '¦ ",•.: -/ ¦ -- ¦.¦-¦/¦:
Chicago Boy outworked Wedgewood In
the third with 6 to 1 against him, and-on
the next round at 5 to 3 beat War Eagle:
Spiteful-beat Dewdrop at 2 to 1, and Fly
ing Fox beat Charta in a bye at like odds.
White Hat and War Eagle scored against
Shadow and Homer Boy at 5 to 3.
Considerable interest was manifested by
the patrons of the sport in the ' outcome
of the Knocker Stake, which will ibe run
on Thursday next. The. entries have al
ready reached in the thirties, and X It is
expected. thG names of forty-eight cours
ers v/ill ko , In the box. when 'the draw -is
held to-morrow at the.^Unlon Park office:
Following are the day's results, with Judge
John Grace's official scores:> - ..- v .
Open stake, ¦ second ~. . round— Sterl ' &
Knowles* ¦ For ; Glory beat F.' *~A. ; Mo-
Former Senator Parkinson Dead.
George C. Parkinson, a former State
Senator from this city, died at his resi
dence, 3327 Twenty-fifth street, on Satur
day afternoon. Deceased was a member
of the State Legislature in 1882. After
leaving the senate, he . was employed in
the United States Branch Mint for some
time. In his day he was ,an active poli
tician under the late W. T. Higgins. Ill
health eaxised his retirement from active
party service, as also from business. He
was a sufferer from rheumatism and oth
er complicated ailments, which eventually
carried him off. He was a native of Phil
adelphia, and aged 74 years. He leaves a
wife and two *tep-children.
- - • ¦ ¦ i
Hibernian Minstrel Show.
Division ICo. 5 of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians will give a minstrel entertain
ment and dance at Native Sons' Hall on
May 30. The proceeds will be devoted to
the beneficiary funds. The Army and
Native minstrels will be the feature
Frank S. Drady will be the interlocutor,
assisted by Dr. J. P. McCarthv, Henry
L. Auerbach and Thomas Mitchell, oones;
James Bayard Whittemore. George S.
Carr and George Sweeney, tambos. The
rololsts will be James G. Fraser Jack
Quinn. Harry S. Colman, John M. G!en
non, George Hay and the Emerald Glee
Club quartet. The finale will be a tab
leau entitled "Ireland a Nation."
The committee of arrangements con-
Fists of Frank S. Drady. Joseph W. Led
den. P. O'Connor, Harry S. Colman and
Martin Lacey.
SEARCHERS are engaged in pa
troling the marshes near Alvara
do in the hope of finding Louis
Henrioulle, a schoolboy, who left
his father's ark near Carmen
Island last Saturday and .has not been
seen since. His father and mother are
almost crazed with grief, as they fear
the little fellow has fallen, into one of the
numerous creeks in the marshes and been
drowned.
J. B. Henrioulle, the boy's father, the
well-known proprietor of the liquor store
at 19 Ninth street, accompanied by b'a
son Louis, J. B. Saddler and J. Brown,
left for a fishing trip last Friday. Henri
oulle is an enthusiastic fisherman and
hunter and took the party to his ark in
the Alameda marshes. They arrived at
Carmen Island Friday afternoon. Salur-
esting one. The cast is as follows: Charles
Proctor, Lark Taylor; Richard Brimdage,
Frederick Hartley; Paul Rinard. T. J. Mc-
Crane; Wesley Woodruff, George Bloom
ouset; Robert Gordon. Jack Webster; N.
Tecumch Sheridan, Emmett Shackelford;
Thomas Kingsley. Frederick Esmelton;
Jayson Butler, Nelson Jones; Donald,
Earnest Rivarz; Mrs. James Gordon,
Mona Carrlngton; Lily Proctor, Blanche
Warren: Mrs. Thomas Kingsley, Mathllde
Choate; Julia Proctor, Florence Stone.
day morning Henrioulle and Saddler wont
to a spot some distance from the ark
where fishing was good, leaving the boy
and Brown on the craft.
Late in the afternoon the fishermen re
turned and were informed by Brown of
the disappearance of Louis, for whom,
he said, he had been searching 1 for some
time. The anxious . father. Saddler and
Brown continued the . search during the
entire night, but met with no success.
Henrioulle returned. to this city Sunday,
enlisted the services of a brother and sev
eral friends, and returned to the marshes.
The search was prosecuted vigorously,
but the missing boy was not found. The
distracted' father clings fondly to .he hope
that. the boy, who is an enthusiastic col
lector of insects, strolled away from the
ark in search of some new specimens,
lost his way when he attempted to return
and may still be wandering about the
marshes. .
Hall Cro-wded With Friends and Rel-
M12NTAI, SCIEWCB FT7P3XS
ARE GIVEN DIPLOMAS
atives to' Witness the Gradu
ation Exercises.
i The graduation exercises of the Mental
Science College were held last night at
Golden Gate Kali. Twenty-eight- students
who had completed the course received
their diplomas. . Each graduate, before
he was granted his diploma, spoke or
read an essay on some fundamental tenet
taught by the college. The hall was
crowded with friends and relatives and
each of -the graduates, when the diplomas
were presented, was given applause and
beautiful floral tributes. The music was
under the direction of Mrs. Marriner
Campbell. The list of those who graduat
ed and the subject of the address or essay
of each are as follows: ¦
Charles H. Lombard, "Mental Science" •
Florence M. Goodman, "Positiveness"-; Mrs
Jennie Smith, "Love"; J. Adams Rollins, "Ac
cumulation"; Laura R. Cullen, "Truth"; Fred
..»f sworth/ "-AsP 1 ra -tion"; Dr. M. E. Lasswell
Man ; Miss Marie Goodman, "Reading"*
Miss May Gorman. "Progress" ;• P. H Rey
nolds, "He£llng"; Mary Randolph "Wentworth
Mind ; Herbert, Crapo, "Life"; Minnie Arm
strong, "Happiness": Emily Segsworth. "Sex"-
Mrs. Avy Kitto. "Health"; Mrs. Martha p'
Omen, "Selfhood"; Josephine Osborn, "An In
dividual ; Mrs. H. Crapo. "Harmony"; Anna
M - JV lte A Ru< =cess"; L. R. Kelley, "The All
Good ; C. M. Talman. "Hope"; D. Hage
meister, "Orthodoxy" ; S. M. Farnsworth,
Worry"; Miss Ida Krojewski, "Color"; Har
r. I J t ,. Qu^ mby> "Reporting"; Klla Mansfield.
Self Cultiu-e"; - J. Martin Case, "Develop
ment. .
Infuriated Woman, Charged
With Theft, Attempts
« Murder.
2"vvo xrcll dressed ¦women, one armed
with a Distol, which she threatened to
use. and the other vociferously calllns: for
the police to protect her life, created no
end cf excitement at Bush and Mason
btrects shortly after 11 o'clock Saturday
niorning. The woman who held the re
volver is known as Mrs. Steiner. It is
paid that she recently arrived here from
the East. Her rival, whose life she
threatened to take, is known as May Rey
nolds. The last named was walking along
Mason street when she was suddenly con
fronted by Mrs. Steiner, who had the pis
tol concealed under her wrap.
* - l want 10 know if you accuse me of
tstcaiing your jewelry?" angrily asked the
woman, approaching her trembling vic
tim.
"i'ou were seen with the jewelry on
you," nervously answered Mrs. Reynolds,
•'so I concluded that you invrjt have stolen
"You lie when you say so!" exclaimed
Mrs. Steir.er. exposing the revolver and
porting it at her cowering accuser, "i
ut'uht 10 blow your head off."
becoming alarmed at t»ie sight of the
pittol, Mrs. Reynolds ran into a grocery
siore on the corner and appealed to the
proprietor for protection.
"Don't let her kill me," she pltifully
pleaded. "For God's sake take her away."
Trembling with rage, Mrs. Steiner re
mained outside, waiting for Mrs. Rey
nolds to reappear. Seeing that she was
tent on injuring her accuser the grocer
accosted her and emphatically told her
that unless she at once left the scene he
would telephone for a policeman.
After roundly abusing the woman who
had escaped her wrath Mrs. Steiner
walked down Mason street and soon dis
appeared. * After she had left Mrs. Rey
iiolds, fearing that she was lurking .in the
neighborhood, intending to kill her. tele
phoned to a male friend, asking" him to
meet her at the grocery store. He ap
peared shortly afterward and at her re-
Quest escorted her home.
Mrs. Reynolds to-day intends to swear
to a complaint against Mrs. Steiner,
charging her with exhibiting a deadly
weapon and threatening her life.
About a week aeo Mrs. Reynolds lost
some valuable jewelry and she suspected
Mrs. Steiner. with whom she was on
friendly terms, of having stolen it.- She
confided her suspicions to a friend, who
lost no timej in notifying Mrs. Steiner.
Furious with rape, that woman procured
a revolver and started out with the deter
mination to wreak vengeance upon her
accuser. ¦
Mrs. Steiner Threatens
to End Life of May
Reynolds.
DRAWS PISTOL
UPON ACCUSER
FLYING FOX OUTPOINTS ALL OTHER
COURSERS IN THE BIG OPEN STAKE
w n "Motto 3-0; B. M. Kellosg's Buck beat
w. C Glasson's lone, 7-2; H. H. Gray's Rona
£eatj>. D. Roche's All Green. 4-2; F, A
Comb's Sir Pasha beat' Star kennels' May
flower 5-0: T. J. Cronln's Vandal beat Aenefd
Kennels Agamemnon, 4-0; r>. J. Healy's Taoi
oca beat Russell & Allen's Castaway, 4-0; F A
McCemb's Bona Fido . beat A. R. Curtis 1
Charta 3-2; J. Smith's Master Workman beat
H. Perlgo s Controller. 3-0; Georsre Shaman's
Chicago Boy beat E. Geary's America. 3-0- F
Jones Wedgewood -beat P. M. Curtis' War
fath, ,7-0; Cheetham & Partlngton's Represen
tative beat T. J. Cronln'B Thornhill, 6-1 • P
M.Curtis' WarBagle beat O. Zahl's Homer Boy.
6 " 4 , : , F - Jones " Harlean Gladys beat Pasha.kenl
nels . Risky Attempt. 5-0; Russell & Allen's
Rosie Clalr beat Pasha kennels" Rural Artist
3-2; F.. A. McComb's/Hot Haste beat Aeneid
kennels' Athena, 6-2; Connell Bros.'. White Hat
beat P. 1H. Curtla" Shadow, 7-4; A. R. Curtis'
Flying Fox beat J. J* Keenan's Lundln Links
6-3; F.; A. McComb's kittle Sister beat E. Mc-
Andi-ew's Governor Mac. 4-2; W. C. Glasson's
iDewdrop beat Sterl' •& -Knowles' . Olita 4-2;
Russell & Allen's Spiteful '• beat Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple, 4-3; Russell & Allen's Daisy
Clalr beat P. M.'Curtis' Echo, 4-3; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Royal Fashion'- beat ¦ Star kennels'
Black Head. . 6-0; j Pasha kennels' Fiery. Face
beat J. Dowllng's Sir Lawrence, 5-0; A. Van
derwhlte's Flora McDonald beat G. Walter's
The •'Chief,-., 3-0; : ' Pasha ..kennels' Roman
Athlete beat -. D. .'-¦D. -Roche's- Bells of
Shandon. ? 5-8; V A. ."R.^ Curtis' -Luxor
beat Gold -Dust" kennels' Forget, ' ¦¦ 4-0*
P. M. : Curtis' Narcissus v,beat A. R. Curtis'
Candelaria. 7-6; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud
beat George Sharman's Black Flush. 4-2; P.
M. Curtis' Anchor, beat James Connell' s . Log
Boy, 6-2; Chlarinl. Bros.' Santonin beat Star
kennels' . Herschel's Pride,. 3-2.
¦ Third round— For .; Glory beat Buck. 3-2; Sir
Pasha beat : Rona, 4-0; Vandal beat Tapioca,
4-3; Bona Fide beat. Master .Workman, 12-1;
Chicago Boy beat Wedgewood. 4-3; War Eagle
beat Representative, 4-0: Harlean Gladys beat
Rosle Clalr,' C-2: Hot Haste beat White Hat.
fi-0; Flying. Fox : beat Little : Sister. ¦ 2-0; Spite
ful beat Dewdrop, 7-5; Daisy Clalr beat Royal
Fashion, 5-2; Fiery Face. beat Flora McDonald.,
4-2; Luxor beat Roman Athlete/ 4-0; Narcissus
beat. Silver .Cloud, 2-0; Santonin beat. Anchor,
4-0.--: ¦¦ - . ", v '•¦''" ¦-¦'-' - •'-¦ ' ¦ ' •¦" „ ' '
Fourth round — Sir Pasha beat For Glory, 4-3;
Bona Fide beat Vandal.' 8-1; Chicago Boy beat
War Eagle, 3-0; Gladys beat Hot
Haste, 4-1; Flying Fox. beat , Spiteful,' 3-2;
Fiery Face beat Daisy Clalr, 2-0; Luxor a bye;
Santonin a* bye. "¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' . , -
•; Fifth ¦ round — Sir Pasha beat • Chicago . Boy,
4-2; Harlean 'Gladys beat Bona. Fide, . 4-0 ; : Fly
ing Fox beat Fiery. Face, 5-0; : Santonin beat '
Luxor. 11-9. . . : '..;..' - ~
Sixth Round— Harlean Gladys beat Sir Pasha,
17-11; Flyingfl Fox a bye. - ;• , * /¦
• Deciding Course— Flying • Fox wins by de
lault;" Harlean Gladys withdrawn.' ..• >;¦ ¦' - ;
Puppy - stake. 1 second round— J. ¦ Dean' s Grey
feld beat D.:J. Healey's Tiburon.: 13-6; H. W.
Rockerls Merriwa beat J. D. Cardnell's Jesiby,
4-0 ;f Sterl & Knowles' Freeze '; Out beat '. Pasha
kennels' Rustic Arbor, -4-2; '¦. Sterl & Knowles'
Cold Shivers beat James Connell' s Cosey, 4-0. i
v - Third '. round — Freeze - Out s beat Greyf eld, ¦ 3-0;
Cold. Shivers beat Merriwa, 10-0. . , ' .
- .Deciding Course— Cold Shivers beat Freeze
Out, 7-5. \ ",
TERRY M'GOVERN
AT THE CENTRAL
- — ? |-
"The Toy Maker" to Open
at the Tivoli Opera-
House.
"Barbara Frietchie" Makes a
Hit at the California
Theater.
Terry McGovern, better known-as'"Ter
rible TerryX opens In "The Bowery After
Dark" at the Central Theater to-night-
It is a thrilling and sensational melo
drama, with realistically portrayed scenes
and incidents of the notorious red-light
quarter of New York City. The feather
weight champion plays the hercic role,
and is made to appear In every scene and
act, closing in a great fight in the' last act.
in which he wrests the honors of the ring
from Danny Dougherty in a brilliant four
round contest. There is snap and go to
the play from start to finish, and it is
as strong a. bit of realism as was ever
presented on the stage.
The play is a pleasing mixture of- trag
edy and comedy, and also affords oppor
tunities for .the display of many special
ties.
• • *
The plot of "The Toy maker," which
opens to-night at the Tivoli, is an inter
esting one, and the book is said to be
bright and original. The score is
by Edmund Audr^n. who was re
sponsible for those of "Olivette"
and "The Mascot." Annie Meyers
has the part Jf the masquerading
Elsa, for which she Is well adapted. Fer-.
ris Hartman is the toymaloer, and has
some good songs. Edward Webb has a
good opportunity as the lover, and Arthur
Cunningham, as the head of the mon
astery, sings a couple of fine numbers.
Maggie Francis Leavy is cast for the toy
maker's wife. Harry Cushman. who was
here last season in character parts, makes .
his reappearance in the new piece. Jos
eph Fogarty, Thomas Guise, Fred Kav
anagh, Cora Harris, Josie Davis and
Aimee Leicester handle the intermediate
roles.
* • •
"Barbara Frietchie" opened to a packed
house last niirht at the California, and
scored an emphatic hit. While the long
waits between acts lengthened the per
formance out beyond the point of com
fort, that fault probably will be remedied
to-night. The piece abounds with strong
scenes, and after the last act has been
furbished up a bit the play will be one
well worth seeing. The cast is in the
capable hands of the Neill company, of
which Edyth Chapman, as Barbara, eas
ily carried off the honors. Neill as Captain
Trumbull was quietly effective, and,
though Julia Dean as Sue Royce has very
little to do, she does that little well. Don
ald Bowles as Jack Negly gives a virile
interpretation of the part, and the rest of
the company are good as usual.
• • •
The new people at the Orpheum were
kindly greeted by a packed house last
night. The Agoust "family quarrel"- is as
wonderfully funny as ever, and Mclntyre
and Heath have not lost any of their
powers of amusing. The four Huntings,
Zeb. and Zarrow, Patterson brothers.
Ingham, Barnes and Sisson, Alf Grant
and the biograph all came in for their
share of the applause.
* *. *
"The Conquerors" retains its popularity
at the Alcazar. This is its last week.
* • •
The Columbia Minstrels at the Alham
bra are receiving hearty support. The
singing is good and most of the jokes are
new. This minttrel troupo is a clever ag
gregation and worthy of a continuance of
the attendance of its first production.
• * *
All the people showing at Fischer's this
week are clever. The house was packed
last night and the programme seemed to
please the audience.
* * . •
A large crowd visited the Chutes last
night and enjoyed the clever sketches put
on by the management.
* * •
The performers at the Olympla still
meet with the approval of its patrons.
There are some good sketches on this
week.
« * » .
A musical and literary entertainment
will be given in San Rafael to-morrow
night by the High School pupils. Miss
Grace Fern, the talented reader; Miriam
Hall, violinist; Clyde Crawford, vocalist,
and Alice Chappelear, pianist, are on the
programme.
• • «
"Sag Harbor," James A. Herne's clever
production, will enter upon the second and
final week of its engagement at the Co
lumbia Theater to-nteht. Next Monday
night begins the third annual Henry Mil-"
ler season. Miller will be surrounded by
a splendid company. His opening piece
is to be the ever-popular romantic suc
cess "Heartsease," in which he will ap
pear in his splendid performance of Eric
Temple.
• • •
The first performance of "Government
Acceptance," a comedy-drama written by
Daniel M. Hart for Stuart Robson, will
be given to-nigrht at the Grand Opera
house. The piece should prove an inter-
H. R. Curtis' greyhound, Flying Fox,
won the 120-dog open stake yesterday at
Union Park, by the default of Harlear
Gladys. Jones' courser was a bit out ol
luck- In the semi-final agrainst the rejuve
nated Sir Pasha, the stake favorite was
given a course, or rather- two of them,
that killed her, chances for the final. Fly
ing- Fox, following, got a short easy bye
Mrs. Cripps Is Angry.
The mother of Marie and Mary Cripps,
who were married , toU two ex-soldiers
named Willis Jones 'arid James Fathera
in Oakland Saturday : to make
trouble for one of her sons-in-law. She
claims that Fathera, , when procuring the
license to marry.. her- daughter Marie
swore that she was of age, notwithstand
ing that the girl has just passed her fif
teenth birthday. ; >¦
To-day Mrs. Cripps intends to swear to
a complaint against Fathera, charging
him. with perjury.
Hugh' Lewis, an elevator attendant at
the St. Nicholas . Hotel, had an exceeding
ly narrow escape yesterday from being
dashed to pieces at the foot of the eleva
tor shaft. Only his presence of mind and
the proximity of the ropes which are used
to hoist the cage saved his life.
Lewis had taken the elevator up to the
second story of the building and was
standing with his back to it, when the bell
rang,' summoning him to again resume his
post. Without turning- to look and all un
conscious that in the meantime the ele
vator had of its own accord risen to the
story above, he stepped backward into
the shaft. ' There was nothing: between,
him; and the bottom, of the shaft, two
stories below.
After he had fallen almost a story
Lewis managed to grasp the ropes which
are suspended from the cage. ¦ His mo
mentum at the time was so great that he
could not entirely check himself and so
he slid down the ropes to the bottom,
tearing the flesh from his hands, but es
caping serious injury.
His hands were injured to. such an ex
tent that it was- necessary for him to go
to the Emergency Hospital and have
them dressed.
He was unable to explain how' the ele
vator had ascended without being start
ed by some one. ,' - . '
Elevator Man Narrowly
Avoids a .Frightful
'The^strike of the Cooks' and Walters'
Alliance remains practically in' the same
innocuous condition as it has for the past
three or four days. The unexpected ad
vent of President arid Mrs." McKlnley' has
apparently disrupted arrangements hith
erto made. C 'J. : '¦ •'.'
A meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council was held yesterday morning at
the Turk-street Temple. .The session was
executive, and- no definite result following
the policy outlined on Friday, night last
obtained. There were many warm dispu
tations among the delegates,, and it was
decidedin view of existing conditions • to
refer, the matter to the executive com
mittee with full power to ac*t. Many; of
the" members discussed the situation and.
reviewed the history of , the strike. The
executive committee will now- take the
matter in hand and. endeavor to arbitrate,
if possible, with a view of preventing any
new complications. ¦ ¦ . ¦ .
The Journeymen Bakers held a; meeting
at the same time and prepared a schedule
of wages and hours.' This *dll be pre
sented to the boss bakers. The*«mployes
of five more bakeries- were ordered out.
It was decided that no "bakery, goods"
should be delivered to unfair houses. It
was - also decided when - any bakery pro
prietor should sign an agreement that his
men would be' paid union wages the men
should be allowed to return to -work. In
accordance with this action five, more
bakeries'have been declared "fair." ¦¦
The executive committee of the Labor
Council decided to rest on its oars pend
ing further developments. Secretary
Rosenberg expressed the hope that a gen
eral strike might be averted. He declined
to give any further public utterance to
his opinion in the matter, saying that the
situation was fully explained in yesterday
morningjs Call.
The executive committee of the Team
ster's Union also met and considered tha
situation but took no definite action.
Some of the unions that have heretofore
held aloof from the waiters' strike are
said to be" in readiness to unite in the
general cause. But it is not expected that
any general boycott or strike will take
place.- The- influx of so many strangers
into the city to honor the President has
made labor valuable, and the members of
the Restaurant Proprietors' Association
are engaging every man and woman that
comes along., A dispassionate review of
the situation leaves both parties to the
controversy In practically the same situa
tion. The proprietors are ready to en
gage the people, and'all who want to work
can 'secure employment at slightly higher
wages than before.
Laborers Indorse Strike.
The Laborers' Protective Union initiated
forty 'members- yesterday, making a total
of 310 on the roll. I Thirty applications are
on. file. The. strike of the Cooks' and
Waiters' Alliance was indorsed. <
SAVES HIMSELF
WITH A ROPE
Labor Union Meets and Re
fers the Matter to Exec
- utive Committee. '.
Arrival of President May
Delay the General
Boycott.
WRITERS' PLANS
NOW CHANGED
SEARCHERS SEEK VAINLY
FOR LOUIS HENRIOULLE
Son of Well -Known ; Liquor Dealer Strays
From ,His .. FatheHs Hunting Ark in the
Alameda Marshes: and -Fails to Return
THE SAN FRANCXSCCV CALL, MONDAY^ MAY 13, 1901.
LOUIS HENRIOULLE, THE LITTLE BOY WHO WANDERED FROM
HIS FATHER'S ARK TO" THE ALAMEDA MARSHES AND IS BE
ING SOUGHT BY MANY ANXIOUS SEARCHERS.
it."
12
: , " ADVEBTISZMENTS.
SPECIALS
THIS WEEK
45-lnch ALL-WOOL CREPE GI\ANITE CLOTH,
&|| a new fancu weave Tor summer.wear, 1 all
• the fashionable shades j
Price $5.oo Dress Pattern.
Best cnialitu ALL-SILK WASHABLE FLAN-
'NEL, in allthe leading shades, also Dolka
dots; full 21 inches widej
Price $l.oo Yard.
§inch SILK AND WOOL CREPE DE CHINE,
in shades of Mode, Reseda, Pastel Blue,
Violet, Old Rose, Grau and Garnet \
Price $2.oo Yard.
SILK TAFFETA RIBBON,: i\ inches wide] .in
... both changeable and plain, 1 all the latest
shades} Price 15c Yard.
FANCY STRIPED MERCERIZED MOREEN
SKIRTS, extra width, with accordeoa
. Bleated flounces, 1 veru fine duality j
Price $2.50 Each.
FINE WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, full size
. and assorted borders, 1 6 pounds in weight]
\ Price $5. 00 Pair.
IRISH POINT CURTAINS (in Cream onlu),
full . length and width, with fast lock
stitch edges j Price • $4.oo Pair.
LADIES 1 FINE BLACK COTTON HOSE, double
soles, heels and toes] cure Hermsdorff dpe?.
JUST OPENED—
An elegant line of NEW BELT BUCKLES,
HAIR BROOCHES, PERSIAN TRIMMINGS,
FEATHER BOAS and BRAID TRIMMINGS,
III. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
BQWEN
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea
Our regular 50c quality 40C
Corn
• Sea Foam — Baby Kernel— j 2^C
reg'ly 13c can
P r u n e s
Calif ornla-reg'ly 3 for 25c 5 lbs 25C
• ¦;'.. S o a p 'I
"Home"— reg'ly 6 for 25c g C ake«2C0
— maie of pure tallow stock J
Apricots
World brand — sliced — peeled — 2 CC
reg'ly 30c— 3 Ib can— D
G el a t 1 n. e.
Cox— large package— — 1 5 C
W his k y .
GB&CoOK bourbon— 3 bots $2
reg'ly $1 bottle— $4 gallon gal 3
Rie si i n g
Rich flavor— reg'ly $1 gallon C C
carbonate with sparklets ,•*
Imported Smyrna— .
layers— locoum— reg'ly 25c lb _
M a y*o n n a i s e
Sierra Madre-reg'ly 30c bottle— »c C
Made of best ingredients .;:•;
Co co a
Van Houten— reg'ly 50c Anc
' I lb can — made in Holland '
*S a r d in e s
Imported Ispa— Bezier— T or-r tV
reg'ly 12k and 20c can X UC l / 2^
Apples;
¦ New York state— 2 for CCC
formerly 35c gallon can . JJ
L e m o n s
Thin skin— fancy quality. doz 15c
G u r r y p o w d e r
. Madras— Vencatachellum— « rr
.' reg'ly 30c bottle c
T o o t h b r u s h
. Kent's best quality— reg'ly 40c 30c
P e r £ 11 me r y
/Vee-o-lay— French extracts— 40c
loodors— reg'ly 50c bot 1 for 7 5c
G o rnb
'Hard rubber— reg'ly 35c 25c
J'aske t s
Telescope— all sizes _ . Coc.up
/ Headquarters for 'trunk's and valises. • A.
B. Smith Co.; 128 Ellis street. •• . *' •'
Trapper's Oil cures rhsumatism and neuralgia.
Drueglsts,*, EOc flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.*
NO MORE
BOYCOTT!
Here's where you blow yourself.
Fifty Dozen 25c Men's Imported Hand-
kerchiefs for 12%o each, 2 for 23c, at
the Store That WAS Boycotted.
I Haven't Seen a Boycotter for ' ~»
Weeks.
JOHN TV. GIBSON,
"The Men's Furnisher,"
1204 Market St.,
Near .Golden Gate Ave.
An Honest Man With Ecnesi Prices.
Tour "Bosom Friend," Gibson's
$1.00 SHIRT.
' Try one and money back If It 1 don't
please you. . ;; i- ' ' . , ' ,..,'.'
t ¦
Tw-o hundred and thirty-two thousand
eight hundred and twenty-pne women are
employed in English cotton factories; only
147,245 -men. ¦ '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iSSljROCERS
3-DAY SALE!
PHOXE MISSION* NINE.
WALNUTS, extra fancy, 3 lbs 25c
Not very larre, but we guarantee them good.
EGGS, the yery best, 2 dozen .....38c
Received daily from Highland Poultry !
CREAM, Pet brand, o E ;' te p d . 6 cans 50c
I'nswwtened. Reg. 10c can.
DEYILEDHAM 1 L o : < wHes....6 cans 25c
Quality enaranteed. The rep. 5c size.
TAMALES. boneless chicken, 5 cans 50c
The very best brand. Reg. 12^c tin.
COCOA, GMrardelli's, Mb tin 20c
Good drinking. Reg:. 25c.
SARDINES, best French, 5 cans. . .50c
IS to 20 Fish In can. Reg. 12i£c. }
MACARONI, £;^i or per box.. 20c
Receive dally the best quality. Reg. 25c sire
MATCHES, Ynlcao brand, parlor, pkg 50c
144 boxes in a pkg. Reg. 60c
ROOT BEER, Eire's, £?&* to 6 lots 50c
Healthful, sparkling and appetizing.
GOLD DDST Washing Powder, *£ 16c
Don't overlook this snap. Reg. 20c pkg
SUGAR, extra dry granulated, 18 lbs $1
We eell only the very beet. No eubstltute.
Special discount to campers. Bee us before
you place your orders. We pack and chip free.
T. H. COBCOBAN & CO.,
1201 Valencia Street,
' EE. OOR. TWEKTT-THIRD.
FOR SALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land in Ma-
dera County.
Tor particulars address FARM, 21S Market
Street. S. F.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
oa Application.
COAL. COKE A.\D PIQ IRON.
J.C WILSON & CO.. j&agr&Jggj.
COPPERSMITH.
C W. C MITfl *£!P ?i un l bl1 *- Steamboat and
V- TI* - Jill Hi Ship Work a epeclalty. 16 and
IS Washington ¦ et. Telephone Main C64L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IK RflYFS^CO Shlppmc Butchers. 104
J A3- DM I C J CL vU- Clay. Tel. Main 12»4.
OILS.
Z.TTBRICATIICG OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front et.. S. F. Phone Main 1713.
. PRINTING.
P f fiftfrRFS V :£..' PRINTER. :
*<• Vf ilUUilCJi 6U Saneome «t.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
21 First Street. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. • V 4 *
•« California pAfiTRlDGE
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
Tube and ewimmine. 317 to 325 Bay street :
thirteen minutes' ride from Market street. •
GOLDBEHS. BOWES ft CO'S SPECIAL 8A7TXS SALE
Shawl strap
4 — 5 — 6 feet long — good and 2 OC- "2 CC
strong — reg'ly 25c and 35c •; ?
VI i t a
V a lie
G alifornia
Plain Sauternes "] Less
Dry : " i 6.00 I 20
Haut " 8.00 I per
Chateau Yquem 9.00 J cent
' Vin de Table Claret 3.50 1 .Less
Chateau Victoria " 4.06 } 10
Larose , " 5.00 f per
Royal <c 6.cx> J cent
These prices for 12 quarts
• Case of 24 pints $1 higher
Delivered from New York
warehouseat 50 cents a case
advance
When you entertain you
should serve the choicest
wines California produces
Vista del Valle is the kind
Prices never marked down
before
COUNTRY ORDERS
have prompt attention here —
Mail order department 432 Pine street
? 32 Pine 333 Sutler 28co California San Franclsc*
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
NEW BAUSCH & LOMB
Stereo Field Glasses
REDUCED PRICES.
Oculisti* pretcrlDtiona ' filled. Factory oa
premise*. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 11
OPTIC.ANs'L^Xr 1 *
642 Market 5t. instruments
unDto sHDoxieit RU1L01M&. Catalogue Frcc.
DKMCNULTY.
T«HIS WELL-ZNOWK AND RKLIABLE OLD
.L Specialist eurejBiood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleot.
Stricture, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and tnelr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men, frea.
Over20yean»>xper:ence. Terms reasonable. Hour.'w
0to3dally;6:30toS.30ey'gs. Sunday*, 10 to 11 Onr.ul-
tationfreeandsocredly confldentlal. Call oraddresj
. P. ROSCOR 3f eNULTY, 31. D.
fiOhi Kearny 8U Han FrsnciMft. Cs)-
IA/. T.HESS,
HOTAHY PUBLIC AHD ATTOHHEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown $31.
Residence. (31 California st., below Powtil,
Saa Franclsca