Continued on 'Page Jivi.
.. Continued dix; Page , Fire.
Continued 1 on ; Page : y Twc':Vi
of the hotel. , Governor Gage was waiting
at the door and as the President; leading,
Mrs. McKinley/ crossed the porch^ Senator:
Perkins announced iii a loud voice: "Pres
ident - McKinley; his * Excellency Governor
Gage," and the; head of ,the ; nation and
the head of the State gravely shook hand3
and exchanged the : conventionalities ap-.
proprlate to the occasion. . ;Then;Mrs.
McKinley was' presented, to the Governor
and / tlien the President, and Mrs.'McKin
ley were '-presented to .-Mrs._ <^age. ",' And*
then on'down the line of the waiting com
mittee the presentation went, .while •'in
through the door thu guests kept pouring"
and : . carriage ' after ; carriage; rolled- up '. to
thev entrance 'and diacharged -.the^' people
: who> had come all the way across : the
continerit. to learn how really beautiful
a Stat^can .be If thV' sun' smiles on'it., :
'•¦ The ¦ members of , the committee In
troduced'arid they with the mem
ibers of 1 the /party Awhile the '•¦ carriages
.were brought rburid into'the depot^and
the; visitors' were assigned to" their seats.'
jThe j gates ; of . the station ; had ; been r closed
and so only. the members of the committee
.were: present 'when the. President' left the
itrajn, but .waiting, outside , were half the
;people of the city,' arid only, half I. because
:there '• . was^ not rooriii in .the ; surrounding
, streets '; for •all.'"." The . people' were
ling arid^ as 'the^President's, carriage > drove
from (the' 1 building the falrt quivered -.with
jth'e shout:that r greeted'.him: .' .(•,• ' '¦}}'*."'.
| , President's ; Salute ; Fired.
( Pa'sslrig^Walif street a]saiute\of •twenty'
one guris was fired by, a squad under.cbm^
' - ¦« -ir-iiVo • ¦- *-¦¦ » -..¦ T .'
''•¦*'¦¦¦.''-¦¦ ''' ¦ " •' ; I ¦ '. '. ' ¦ " . ¦
in full , uniform, were the most conspicu
ous -figures . in. the ;. crowd, '¦'' and as , the
President cariie'from ,tho platform'Shafter
wept! forward "and was greeted as 'an "old,
;fric:rid:.//,.V.:>A { .;. ¦¦ '!¦ !¦ :'''' ; >,^ "';*¦%*'': '¦¦
McKinley Speaks
at V an Nuys
Hotel.
W ;, ,bs;ANGELES, May 8.-Wlththe
§•¦•¦' v cheers being passed ¦ from one'
''¦•' ' ' hnot of houses to another 'aV his'
' 8 ' train '.made ': its'., way,'^ McKinley
H. reached Ijbs .Angeles, ( - the; City.
. , " /of ¦ Angels.'' which for; months
had been thinking, only,. of how : the Presi
dent should be j ; received. '¦-. Arid: the result
of these, months of .; planning twas seen: in ]
t.h'j flags 'and lights blending {colors."'
in -tho crowds 'of "people that surged to
tho stationr,*. in "the' bands ¦- and^uniforins
and ': the ,' bedizened' horses and .decorated
carriages arid 'the general holiday air that
had infused new life into the -.everyday
existence ; of fthe - town ; and . had • given.; to
everything a touch of /the . carnival . spirit,
j In ' ( ; the - A rcado ; v . depot ' \ the i ree'ep-^
.tio'ri'v ~\ cqmmittee ¦ : from : .-;. the .' .;./.' town
'was lined up \ : iawaltng .. the .train
arid ; as ;'¦ tlie ¦ President ¦ stepped '/down all
ro isecl ' their .' hats! ;, ' G erieral; Shaft e'rVan'd
his aid, Captain Eugene T. Wilson,: both
LOS ANgeles Ex
tends a Warm
WELCOME.
Eloquent Tribute
to the State's
Past
VIEWS OF THE-STBEETS OF REDLANDS : DECORATED : GATLT : IN, HONOR ;'OF;. THE ' PRESIDENT'S 'COMING
AND SOME, OF THE. PROMINENT MEMBERS OF, THE -WOMEN'S CLUBS THAT PARTICIPATED INTHE RE
CEPTION TENDERED TO MRS. McKINLEY. '.••., ¦' ! /• : '.' ' '" ' >
¦;,:•;':.,:;•-,..;.¦¦'-:¦¦..-¦: ¦ ::;...-: ¦
marid of : Colonel Berry, but so tremendous
was the cheering '• that but' a muffled' roar
proclaimed \ the ¦ firing : of the salute.- '; Nor
were the. other, members of the Presiden
tial^ party / greeted with any ¦ less . enthus
iasm. The vast* crowds lining, the streets
fairly 'shouted themselves . hoarse as . each
new figure- was ; recognized, and to all
demonstrations, the occupants" returned
. smiles ; and bows. . .' . ..¦
' Long before the. Presidential party was
due jt' the Hotel ,Van'Nuys the surround
ing stre^y were ' jammed! with' a : seething
mass ]. of '.humanity.' Inside the .'hotel,
where* the only public reception to the na
tion's'chief executive was to be'; held <3 ur "
r inR- his stay, in the city, the arrangements
of .various committees were well nlsh per
.fect. .-" FourJ companies . of the Natinal
G,uard of^Califbrnia were on guard at the
various* hotel entrances • to -keep, the
: throng : from * encroaching on ': the . sacred
precincts, and! they, .were; augmented bya 1
detachment of police under the ; command
of ; Cbptairi _Hensley. : ,
' ' When '.the flrst'of .the pageant arrived '
at-, the hotel 1 the restless', throns moved '
about uneasily and after a walt'of flf totn
minutes f the President ¦ himself drove [ up"
| -tor the' Main-street luortlco.v
/- '.'The -. President' is' here,*! passed " from
'Up 1 to lip, arid as v he tenderly assisted his
| life's "partner from the, carriage jCour little
flower girls dressed in white'.walked to, the
i door, made a; deep 'obeisance and strewed
, ; the. passage; way with u snow '.white /roaes.'
¦With- his .helpmeet on his arm . the Presi
dent'walked"; into the rotunda- and, toward
the 'dais.amid tumultuous applause. .When
W Omen's Clubs
Entertain Mrs.
MCKINLEY.
'f 1 E.7 S. Graham' and H. ;F. Sinclair of
Redlands, J. C. Stu'obs.and. W. F. Herrin
of .' the Southern . Pacific . y Company,; arid
Ferd K. Rule .and ¦ Homer I-aughlin of
Los Angeles : had gore , down ; the • road to
meet the President 'and 'it. was they who
helped him from his carriage at the door
. In the lobby of the Casa I^oma Hotel
waited Governor. Gage, Mrs. Gage. Speak
er C. W. Pendletonand Mrs. :Pendleton,
Senator Perkins, Senator Bard S and the
Congressmen, ..the, committee in whose
charge rested the first official welcome of
the President to California.
President and Governpr Meet.
Far up the street; under the canopy of
fluttering flags and bunting the escort had
been drawn up In line. The local post of
the Grand Army, Bear JValley; Post and
that from San Bernardino, Cornman Post;
stood ready to turn in immediately, 'be
hind the President's . carriage. ¦' Before
them was stationed Company G of the'
Seventh Infantry, N. - G. "C, : of ¦ Redlands
and after them came the carriages for
the guests and tho yellow-sashed mar
shals. The band from the Perris Indian
School. led the column,, and. as. It passed
up the street to the Casa Loma Hotel on
either side were- lined the children of the
schools, some with palm branches, some
with flags and some with flowers. -For the
first few rods the pavement was covered
with flowers strewn over the street by the
younger children, and as the carriages
moved on more wgre thrown in their path.
sion of its voice : and a .shout- thatvmust
have echoed against the rugged old peaks
of the' surrounding, mountains went ; ; up,
and the President bowed his. thanks and
raised his hat before he took his seat. '
Children Scatter
Flowers in
Path.
h'« eeat the crowd had regained posscs
.. - - ¦ -»
He appeared at lh<> door of the car. arm
in arm with Mrs. McKinley and a cheer
tvrnt up from the waiting crowd, but only
one, and then In breathless interest tho
ppcple watched while Mr. McKinley ten
derly led the frail, delicate, sweet-faced
lady on his arm from the steps of the car
to the carriage waiting not ten feet away.
Tor a moment the President was lost in
the man and enthusiasm ga\-e way to in
terest a* McKinley the man led his wife
from the platform. But before , he took
Interest in McEinley the Man.
By W. F. BURKE,
. Staff Correspondent of The Call.
REDLAXDS, May S.— Dusty and'
dirty and panting like a tired
horse, tho big engine hauling
the President's train reached
the top of the grade through
the San Bernardino range
this morning after a long run through the
rif.scrt. Since leaving the grassy plains
of Texas there had been nothing but the
hcFpitality of a few towns to break the
monotony of sand, cactus plants and the
f-trugg-lir.g weeds of the dreary waste
Fttetching through Arizona and the 'first
few miles into the State of California.
But as the train, gathering headway.
Fjjun down the pass, the landscape of bare
h;iis and chaparraT* unfolded into the
choicest verdure under the southern sun
ar.cl the cars stopped at Redlands in a
bower of flowers.
It was well Redlands was chosen as the
¦welcoming place for the President; for no
Rrcster inspiration could lend its aid to an
orator and no urettier ecene rest the eye
of the wearv and travel-stained. "
The tcyn was gay as a summer bride in
her finest dressing of flags and banners,
her most fragrant blossoms and her best
of &mfles. It was a glorious day and not
one thing happened to mar the welcome
awaiting the President.
Prompt as a watch, the cars pulled into
1 he Redlands station. They were hauled
by a big extra engine that had been
hitched to the rear end of the train to
bring it up the grade to the town. The
oTjg-ine had been transformed from-a thing
of iron and steel into a mass of brilliant
flowers and the decorations went even to
the cap of the engineer, which was ag
pr^sEively patriotic in the three beloved
colors. When the train stopped the engine
was unhitched and drew away, leaving
the crowd on tiptoe of excitement, and
Lhe President »>repa.ring to put his first
jflrfal foot on California soil.
President Now Is
California's
Guest.
i Regular troops to the number of S00 will
follow the carriages.'" The Naval ' Militia
\vilV : *marchi [and very probably the ma
rines and bluejackets froni the warships
in' port will be in line.
Four mounted men from the . signal .
corps of . the ; National 5 Guard will' keep
Yhsgcs bearins the members of the Cab
inet;, precede' the Governor's carriage?
There' was much airing of knowledge-jof
ottlciaj. etiquette, and "in the end tho pro-
Governor men won. Governor Gage and
three; members of his ' staff, . to 1 be desig
nated '<by him. will precede Secretary of
State; Hay and the other Cabinet officers.
4o. whose, carriage should follow that of
the President; •. Should Gage bo
accorded that ' honor, or should the car-
There was much discussion at the ex
ecutive .committee meeting : yesterday aa
Question of Precedence.
; With. President McKinley In his car
riage, -" it - i3 now , planned. Mayor Fhelan
and Irvine M. Scott will ride. The Jour
ney .westward has been very trying on
Mrs. McKinley's power of endurance, and
tils"^prbbable that the train will stop at
Valencia street station long enough for
her to be escorted to a carriage, in which
to be driven directly to the Henry T.
Scott" residence.
•'^Mounted police will lead the parade, and
following, them there : will ' be platoons of
unmounted police. ' Troop A of the Na
tional > Guard • will follow, and the Presi
dential party will be next in line.
General Warfleld states that'he awalta
the arrival ' of ; the battleship Iowa from
Puget. Sound ;before_ sending out the offi
cial circular. Informing the various organ
izations of their places In the parade. No
one in. San Francisco knows whether the
, SO*.. . bluejackets ; and marines aboard the
Iowa/ the , Wisconsin and the Philadelphia
'-will, participate in the parade or not, and^
no /one '."will: know* until Admiral Casey
! comes* Into;, port.'.; After -that Question is
' settled* General" Warfleld "will complete his
'assignment of places for the parade,
out to Van Ness avenue.
•— « — -SpKB
"' -'a , ' DDITIONAt. details of ttoa p«-
J\ rade following" the President's
/ V arrival were decided uoon at a
/' \ meeting of the executive com
;._/.*¦*' .-V. mlttee yesterday morning, but
A there still remains much to do
before arrangements \ may be considered
final. In response to ; a petition and th«
'representations' ~of "a-citlzen's » committee
the line, of * inarch was chansred so as ta
tiirn down ' Market' street* to 'Montgomery,
"out ' Montgomery to ¦" Bush, -thence t»
Kearny- and back* to Market street and!
Parade Problems
the Subject of
Debate.
GOLDEN STATE'S GREETING
TO THE CHIEF OF THE NATION
VOLtlME LXXXIX-NO. 360.
' SAN FfcANClSqO,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Otis Entertains
at "Bivouac."
'Ro^e-Strewri, Pathway for the Ctiief Magistrate
,---' and Warmest of Welcomes. ; .:
Los Angeles Citizens Receive McKinley and. Escort Him
. f hrotigh Streets Blocked With Cheering People,
THOUSANDS GREET PRESIDENT
IN THE SOUTHERN METROPOLIS
T^E SAK^^
Continued fro m Pa ge 0 ne.
FROM REDLANDS TO THE ANGEL CITY.
"Governor Gage, ladies and .gentle
men and my fellow citizens: I receive,
with emotions of "pleasure, and 'of
gratitude California's greeting, voiced
by the chief executive of your great.
commonwealth on behalf of. the peqple
to the chief executive of.'the Govern
ment of the United States. It Is your
tribute to the . great onice which for
the hour I am permitted to "hold, rep
resenting the union of all, the States,
and it-Is your expression of love for
the Union, for our great civil institu
tions, and your affection* for the-con
stitution, which shelters us all. (Ap
plause.) • ¦ . ' ¦ ¦ v
"California had some trouble in get-,
ting Into the Union in the early days.
The most 1 Berious question in the"his
tory of the republic,- that of '¦ human
slavery, deterred for a little while your
full connection with the Union of , the
States, but it came; it . came because
the • earnest, energetic, enterprising,
patriotic Americans living on" this"
coast demanded the. right. to share not
.world through the splendid effectual '
adjustment of the -very many compli
cated International relations, In ex
tending America's civilizing force be
yond the seas and in the maintenance
of l our - country's- -prestige upon- the
firm foundation of American law and
American liberty. •
. "Imbued with the -deepest gratitude
for your wise and admirable conduct
of our country's cause in war as well
as in peace, in the name, of the peopie
of the State of California, Mr. Presi
dent, I have the high honor, of sin- „
cerely welcoming you, and you also,
our other illustrious guests, to this
State." (Cheers and applause.)
McKinley stepped forward, bowing
and smiling, but he wisely refrained from
words until the tumult that greeted him
had subsided. He stood at the corner of
the porch looking out over the people,
over the house and waving flags of the
town, over the glistening green of the
orange groves, on for miles to where the
rising haze • blurred the outlines of the
distant hills, for the faraway range was
all that limited his view. The. Jatfel is on
a gentle slope that rises from^Hie. town,
and as the President stood upon its porch
he looked out over the valley In which
Redlands lies like a Jewel in . Its setting,
and one of the fairest sights of Southern
California. . • -. '.-
He spoke clearly and distinctly, with
out effort and not loud, but his voice. car-*
ried out to the furthest in the crowd, and
no word he uttered was losjt. . He salft:-'
f ;v "This; my fellow-countrymen, \ was ; >
i signed by .William' M. Gwynne,- John'
C. : Freni'ontrG. *W. and' Ed- .'
wards Gilbert." This was.'.the" SDirit. of '•"
the founders: of this great. State,:and
that patriotic purpose so eloquently, set,-.
•forth In this imemorlal. has-been,main-
a talned'ana-purstied by-the.ptople -of,
California- from that - hour . to' the pres- '¦',
ent time. . .(Applause.) ~- : > You have-;
reached a' population: of -nearly. a ; tnil- >^
'lion and . a half: You •.: have ¦! an .- area .;
greater than that of j any iothfir: State ',
of the Union save one and your square .¦"
. miles of territory -%xceed * those of '- the
.United -i Kingdom, ' Belgium' .: aMd;;Thd'
vV Netherlands -:'TComblned;-.-,'v that ..takes *
..care of a population- of more than fifty. v
/millions of ; people./ (Applause.) > -The J:
. miner v 'wlth*his;pick rand the frontiers- ¦.
¦rman with his ax;. with the; trusty -rille /
hanging I above • the cabin >, dpor.V have r
' . wrought » greatly : for ¦. the s human - race.v;;
.They ¦¦¦<¦ pioneered ': civilization: : AThis.;;
;• splendid; State, rich in its mines.' in.its.^
: ' fruits and > Its products, : rich In ! its men ¦;¦
. and * its twomen, rich 'in , its v loyalty i.to ¦;
the flag we love, has a mighty- future
¦.and a mighty destiny, before it. -..(Great - r
y ; applause.)-- ...-.- > ;:,.•.' '-It -'¦ <¦•?'•'¦ - v Vl-.
.•t'Californla helped tosave.thh^Unlon,.'.
more : than .thirty years ago." (Applause.) ¦
Her s soldiers fought • and -: fell ¦ on : th& =
r battlefields of. the. republic -and; assist-^
, ed'i to? preserve the Union— the best, re-V
Spirit of the Founders.
¦ ¦- • t tmmm
which will accrue to them from ? such
a connection, while they 'trusty they do |
not too •" highly . compute those : .which .
will bo conferred upon their brethren:
They do not present themselves, as -
suppliants,^ nor ; do they bear them
selves .with arrogance or presumption.'
They come as free American ¦ citizens,
citizens by treaty,. by adoption and by i
birth, and ask that they be permitted
to reap the. common benefits, share the j
common ills and promote th$ common f
welfare as one of the : United States;of ,
America.' - • '• ¦', •¦ ¦;--' i i;*, ' ¦
Continued on Pago ) &**•
The President's SDeech ended the cere
monies on- the porch and then' every one
entered the hotel and for a few minutes,
while the carriages-were being arranged;
for the drive, the President held. a small,
reception at which guest9 and commit
tees were made acquainted. Then .all,
were^ handed into carriages and ,th© drive
began. ' - -' ¦ >; " x ". X "
Mrs.% McKinley did not go wits * the
party.; She was not well 'whenyshe-ar
rived at Redjands, but she bravely, walked
be welcomed here as we .have-been
welcomed everywhere by a united peo- ,
' pie. owing loyalty to but'orie flag and ;
that flag the- emblem of Ifberty— the'
glorious stars and stripes." ¦•¦/¦ '¦¦ .-
There were cheeM and cheers to spare
during the President's address. ,He spoke
with an earnestness ' that carried conVic
tlon and no one doubted- that" at last the
President had entered the promised land
and that he realized it.-
VM /-! fellow; -* t cltizen8*?no"' 'greeting
could .- nave - been : more frratef ul 'tome
than 'that' which you'hrlng as I enter
: ,the State of California.' a State of ho
• roic and historic: memories, a territory
-that goverenedc itself '-without- law,'
without^ courts.' without Governors by ¦
the - virtue and -force of • an < elevated
- pabllc > sentiment. (Great -applause.) /
And you came from every ¦ State in the
..^fiderai: Union.^There-ils not-a' State
thatj has nof contributed its .share of
. your .splendid v The best
¦; people; of the East,'of.vthe:-South;and
, of . the; North and the : West are here. -.
and they.: are here [to, make this one of
>the glorious States of this great Ameri
- can republic.^.(Applause.) - ..
• "And now.^having. said .this much. It ;
only t ibmains ; f or^ me i to ? express ¦ the
¦ gratification which, all "of us if eel— those,
_" associated ¦ me in government — -'to ".
in the. fear of God and win carry and
maintain, the Wesslngs of liberty wher
ever our; glorious • banner • floats. (En-"
thusiastlci applause.) ?r..; ;.--;¦..'
- > '.'But, : my. fellow-citizens, : . our tri- 'I
t ; . umphs are > not the triumphs * of I war. v
"Our, triumphs are; those: of a free" self--/
: governing • people"; looking to. the de vel-; "
opmentandjup-ibuilding and' extension^'
Dot liberty, to, the human race.--i (Enthu- 5
¦ ¦? siastlc ? applause.) p-We? have .' problems ; ; '
'4 on our hands, 1 but :the r American people ;/,
S never; ran « awayi from ' a ¦ dlfflcul t ; ques- -
y. tion ' or from . a' well-.deflned \ duty. 1 *. (Ap~*"
clause.) _.; We .will meet ¦ those . problems "
Our Triumphs Not of \ War.
public on the face ! of; the earth,, repre-y
sentlngr \ the s best -~ hopes 'of » humanity -
. everywhere. :z California- In; our recent ,
war -with Spain ¦ was ' cuick to'respond'
.'to: the ,-' call oft the : executive - and ; Call-f ,
fornla ;• volunteers '-.' Invthei Philippines :
added new glory ¦ to * our ¦* flagS. (Great
applause.) ; This republic never dan fail '
•' so i long. as i the: citizen -.fs rVigllantj^Thla *
= republic, can • neveri fail,'- said • Jefferson B
a hundred years ago, -when every. citl-;
zen Us] ready tovrespond;to the call of.
:country. (Applause.) *..¦"• ~ :.'.<;.;
MEN WHO PLANNED'.AND "EXECUTED THE ; GREAT R^CEptlON TENDERED' TO THE PRESIDENT UPON HIS
'¦¦j$:. V'arrival at; los ;angeles, 'where the gay carnival spirit , now reigns supreme anp;.thb
STREETS ARE ABLAZE WITH FIESTA' COLORS. '••¦'" • ". ' • ¦- . ".--; ' '¦ '" ¦: ¦ • V: , ---Vr •-,;:'«
only In the blessings but the burdens
of this great republic; (Applause.) < In"
1850 the Senators and Representatives
from this State applied to the Con- I;
gress ' of the ¦. States': for admis
sion as a State and representation on I
the .floor, of ', their respective houses, ¦
and I want to read you what was said
so nobly on. that occasiohiby'your dls-'~
tinguished- Congressmen when • they
were appealing. for the rights of Cali
fornia before the national Congress. .
* Historic Memorial. *
• " 'In thus presenting certified' copies
of their State constitution and ; creden- I
tials, and making the admission of the
State and. that they: may. be permitted
to take their seats in your respective
bodies^ ¦ the . undersigned \ feel B that r.they
would >neglect an' important 1 duty: if ¦'¦
they failed': to assure youof theanx-.
ious desire t for the perpetuity.: of this ;.-
Union .which -animates all' classes c of
their; Constituents. Born :i and > reared
; under, its- protecting influences; as most "
of , them were, -their ¦; patriotism Is-as
broad as the republic. 1 It extends from!'
the Atlantic . to the ¦ Pacific v-'It , ; is : as
deep as , the current- of their, mighty,
rivers,' \ as pure/ as Jthe never-melting
snows which -crown" theirc; mountains .'
and as indestructible as the virgin gold,
extracted from their soil.: Coming'as '
we nearly all do; from the .: different'.
States -composing ; the Union, "deeply '¦
impressed as most . of them have been*
by passing; through : foreign lands with-.' :
•the. immeasurable superiority, of Amer-
lean Institutions and; American cnarac- '
ter; it would be strange, indeed, if they I
did not turn -with reverence ; and aff ec
tlon * toward . their; country.' its • lnstltu- *
: tlons ! and its peoples, v. Possessed, t too,' -'
in a remarkable degree of intelligence, ',
enterprise * and '\ ability, • - rich : : in • high '
moral qualities^*' industrious,'; energetic
and honest, firm ; in 'their.' devotion' to ,
order and justice, they compose a' com- .
munity '. which > has . no : superior • in -. the :
elements - which 'constitute^ a * citizen's \
glory:; and a nation's greatness.. This>.
people "A request ¦? into ic. the ;
American Union as a State. They.un-v
derstand < and '• estimate the advantages
"As It is not alone In the immense
storm that the majesty of the - ocean
is beet perceived, so, likewise, it is not
eimply through the great wars which
have bo recently* agitated the Amer
ican people, but in the after calm of
peace, that the greatness and power
oX ](•>»*¦ republic is. revealed to the
Civilizing Force Extended.
"Mr. President and Ladies and Gen
tlemen: I have the high honor, as
well as the great pleasure, on behalf
of the people of the State of Califor
nia, to most sincerely welcome you to
our State. This heartfelt greeting ex
tended by the people of the State of
California on this occasion is accom
panied by a public pride, in part arts- .
ing from the consciousness that, not
withstanding the great dividing moun
tains and broad rivers and lines de
noting many different statehoods, and
that thousands of miles separate us
from th« .national capital, still- dis
tance from the official center has
neither checked the loyalty nor cooled
the patriotism of CallfornlansL And
the people of this State bear witness
here to-day that California is an in- ¦
separable part ef the great nation
whose patriotic spirit centers at Wash
ington and radiates and reflects the
unabated love and loyalty of a happy <
and contented people for the Ameri
can flag and for the grand constitution
of this republic Grateful for the
blessings or equal rights guaranteed
under the constitution and glorying
in the great history of our country,
¦which the grand national administra
tion has both extended and enlarged
and honored, the people of -the State
of California express, in unison with
their fellow citizens of other States,
their sincere appreciation of the deeds
and of the words of those, who preside
In our nation's council.
The firet words were spoken by Mayor
Fowler of Redlands and his was only an
Introductory sentence that told how
pleased Redlands was at the honor that
had come to her; then he Introduced Gov
ernor Gage who formally,- welcomed the
President a'nd his party; to California.
The Governor said: \
Formal "Welcome Extended.
The greeting in the lobby was purely
Informal, however, and was but a pre
liminary to what was to happen on the
porch that reached out over the driveway
before the entrance. There a speaker s
Btand had been arranged and Beats had
been set for each on<» of the visiting party
and each of the welcoming party, and
amid the cheers of the people who had
gathered In the large area in front of the
hotel the- President and his party went
cut into the sunlight and took their seats.
2
'To Cure \ a Cold "' in'^One • Day. ; r
Take Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets.^ 25c .-;
A Month's; Test; Free. - .
If you haveRheumatlsm.writeDr. Shoop.Raelne,;
Wis.,boxl37,for six bottles of hlsRheumatlcCure,
express paid. Send bo money. Fay $5.50 U cured*THREE OF THE LODGEMEN WHO WILL, FOR THE ENSUING TERM
DIRECT THE AFFAIRS OF THE GRAND COURT, FORESTERS OP
AMERICA, FOR THE JURISDICTION OF- CALIFORNIA.
SEATTLE, May 8.— Fire that caused a
loss of about $50,000 broke out to-day In
the "Walker building on First avenue. It
originated In the basement of the Mitch
ell, Lewis & Staver Co., where a large
Quantity of lubricating oil was stored.
Tfie flames soon spread throughout the
building and to the Globe Hotel adjoin
ing and the Leland block, occupied as a
saloon and lodging house. The Fire De
partment, after several hours hard work,
succeeded In getting the flames under
control. One person, C. E. Sterns, was
severely burned.- The loss Is nearly cov
ered by insurance. J ¦;'•;*-• v t
Blaze in Seattle.
FREE OF CHARGE.
Wells, Fargo & Co. Will Carry All
Contributions for Jacksonville
Sufferers. . ~
NEW YORK, May 5th, 1901.-A. Chrls
teson. Manager W. F. & Co. Express,
San Francisco: This Company will carry
over its lines free of charge contribu
tions usually regarded as express matter
Jacksonville, Fla., fire. •
• JNO..J. VALENTINE.
Clergyman Seriously Injured.
MONTEREY, May 8.— Rev. C. M.-Hoge,
an Episcopalian minister of this city, was
run over by a delivery wagon' and severe
ly Injured this afternoon while riding a
bicycle near the Southern Pacific Railroad
station. . It Is believed he will recover.
Prospectors.
DESERT'S SHIFTING
SANDS THEIR BIER
* — • — .
Finding of Two Skeletons
Reveals the Fate of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ''ANGELES, May ;8.-Por- three
years the Dawson brothers, Who outfitted
at Sao. Bernardino In 1899 for a prospect
ing trip, have slept In the desert's open
giave. Only to-day was the discovery of
their remains made public. Ther© was a
third man with their outfltr-a cook. His
body was found two years ago, but the
fate of the Dawson boys remained la
doubt . Cy ;
For tha fourth time In bis experience
as a prospector, .Walter D. Brown of this
city has found the bones of dead prospec
tors bleaching on the desert. 11 He arrived
In Los Angeles to-night, sick and marked
by privations and weird experiences, to
tell pf the fate of the Dawsons.v The spot
where he found the remains is : 300 feet
belowJ sea level, and except ' the valley
around the Dead Sea, it is the lowest
place-on earth not Inundated. /The place
of the discovery, is fifteen miles from any
¦water and ¦ twenty-five ' miles from Vol
cano, Cal. •. ¦
Brown and his partner, Harry Beaty,
were able to get water by 'digging three
feet under ground within . three | miles x>t
the place where the dead men lay. . Brown
was in • search of water * when ¦ his foot
stumbed on a skull. A . little : farther - Irt
the sands he found the bones of two
burros. Scattered' about were the skele
tons ¦ of the two prospectors, ; with '¦ some
of their belongings, ' by which the bones
were. Identified.- , . ¦ /
MISSING CLEVELAND
BANKER A SUICIDE
Bullet Ends R. N. Pollock's
* Life in a Seattle
;*¦ ;•- Hotel.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
. SEATTLE, May 8.-A man believed to
be R.N. Pollock, the missing bank presi
dent from Cleveland, Ohio, ended his life
here to-day in the Hotel York by send
ing a bullet through his brain. A razor,
a two-ounce box of rough-on-rata and a
phial containing 100 tablets *of aconite
were found at hand. All papers belong
ing ' to the man had been burned before
he committed the deed.
Pollock arrived here on Monday and
registered as James Fisher. He failed to
appear during the next day and his room
was finally -broken into and his body
found. Apparently he .had not stirred
after firing the fatal shot:
No clew could be obtained In the room,
but the name of R, N. Pollock was found
sewed on the inside of his coat, placed
there by a Cleveland, Ohio, tailor. Pol
lock appeared well : . dressed and had $30
In money in his pocket. He seemed to
have been about 30 years of age, was, of
light complexion and wore a small brown
mustache. . • „»,.„.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. May 8.— R. N.^Pol
lock, who is reported to have killed him
self In Seattle to-day, was presidents of
the Cuyahoga Savings and Banking Com
pany of : this city. : Ho was 38 years of
age, married. and had three children. Ho
was' Uhe . promoter of * the • bank, which
closed Its doors last Monday. -Pollock
disappeared ; ten i days ago and had"- not
been definitely located^ until the news of
his reported self-destruction reached this
city. , ¦ y.-'i ;¦' •" ' ; ." - ¦• ?.-- :.'- '¦¦¦¦: ¦¦ •¦'.¦¦
The. condition! of the bank Is aa yet a
matter of .-conjecture,* Its books : being ¦-. in
the haiidn of a receiver," who is making an
examination and whose report Is expected
in' a- day 4 or two. ¦¦ - Che bank had deposits
to the extent >• of ¦ $340,000. 'This sum of
money was not • In the , bank's , possession
at the", time : of • the suspension, but the
receiver said to-night ¦ that '• Pollock ' did
not take this money. It is believed that,
knowing ' that ; a crisis was near, : Pollock
sought safety : In flight.' Pollock Is : said
to have been the backer, with the bank's
money, of one or more industrial concerns ;
which were not successful.
Edward's Son Opens a Parliament.
MELBOURNE,' May 8.-The Duke: of
Cornwall and York opened the Au st r allan
Federal .- ' Parliament at . noon to-day
(Thursday)." The ceremony : was : brilliant.'
Soldier * Killed by , a Deserter.
CHICAGO, May 8.— Private Cumber-;
lidge, while on sentinel duty at Port Sher
idan v to-night, was. killed 'by. Smith
Wheeler/ a prisoner in the guardhouse.
Wheeler crept up behind Cumberlldge and
snatched the sentinel's rifle. In the scuf
fle that followed Cumberlidge was clubbed
todeathtwith the rifle. "Wheeler escaped.
.Wheeler deserted during the war while in
Florida'^ awaiting .transportation : to : Cuba.
He was serving a five-year sentence. ¦ .
Murder, and Suicide.
OREGON CITY, Or., May 8.— E. S. M<>
Clindey, in a'flt of Insanity,' this morning
shot and killed Howard, Baker; then killed
himself, ; at . Boones Ferry, * twelve . miles
south of here. . .["'""' \
An adjournment was taken until 9
o'clock Thursday morning, when the selec
tion of senior and junior beadles, three
trustees and fifteen supreme representa
tives will conclude the election. A warm
contest on supreme representatives is ex
pected. '
Clara, grand senior woodward, and E. B.
Collins of Chleo, grand junior woodward,
by acclamation.
On motion the' grand secretary was in
structed to telegraph the greetings of tho
Grand Court to President McKiniey. with
the hope that . his visit to the Golden
State may prove one of pleasure to hlm-
called forth a great deal of oratory. After
more than an hour oi discussion, which
was at 'times rather pointed, a vote was
taken, resulting in 166 against 56 -for the
biennial session. N
WASHINGTON. May 8.— The Postofflca
Department has Issued these orders: Post
office changed: California— Iowa City.
Placer County, to Iowa Hill. PostofBce
discontinued. May 31: Washington—Wy
nooche, Chehalls County, mall should be
sent to Monte3ano. Postmasters commis
sioned: California— Robert L. Neah Iowa
Hill. Oregon— John G. Rempel, Polk.
Pensions were. Issued to-day as follows :
California — Original — Joseph V. Brown,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10; George
W. Davis, Moores Flat, $8; Isaac Brewer,
Los Angeles, $fi. Increase— Joseph P. Gal
lagher, San Francisco, $8. Original wid
ows—LIHieC. Greves. Grass Valley, $8.
War with Spain— Original— William Glynn,
San Francisco, $17; Charles Johnson. Pre
sidio, $30; Arthur F. Brunett, San Fran
cisco, $72.
Oregon — Increase — John Waring, Walter
vine, $8. Reissue — James A. Kersey, New
berg, $6.
Washington— Original— James O'Brien,
Walla Walla. ?6. Increase— John B. Pur
cell, Pomeroy, $8. Original widows — Ann
Cherry, Creston, $8.
OP INTEREST TO 'I'H K. COAST.
ROAD AGENT'S STEED
A CHAINLESS BIKE
ye^ H1CO, May 8.— After selecting
/f ~ Stockton for its next place of
UL . meeting, the Grand .Court, For
vSjta^J' esters of America, for the juris
diction of California to-day em
barked upon one of the most stubborn
election contests that has ever marked its
sessions. The main fight was over the
position of grand sub-chief ranger, and the
Heenanites won the day by a narrow mar
gin. The officers elected to-day are as fol
lows: T - .,
Grand chief ranger — John Heenan of San
Francisco.
Grand sub-chief ranger— E. I. Wolfe of San
Francisco. i"
Grand secretary — John J. Cordy of San Fran
cisco.
Grand treasurer — Frank J. Conklin of San
Francisco.
Grand recording secretary— J. E. O'Brien of
San Francisco.
Grand senior woodward— II. A. Gabriel of
Santa Clara.
Grand Junior woodward — E. B. Collins of
Chico.
The Grand Court convened at 9 o'clock
this morning and proceedings opened with
a contest between H. Goldman and S. A.
Levy, both of Court "Washington. San
Francisco, for the rights of an alternate
from that court. All bitterness was ob
viated by the withdrawal of Levy's name.
Biennial Sessions Defeated. •
The full report on the work of the com
mittee on credentials was received and
adopted. The amendment conferring upon
all past grand chief rangers while In
standing the full rights in grand courts
of regularly elected and qualified delegates
•was adopted after considerable discussion.
Upon motion a special committee of five
members was appointed, to which shall
be referred all matters pertaining to the
question of organization.
The 'Question of biennial "sessions .was.
taken up at 10:15, as a special order, and
Wheelman Levies Tolls on
the Highway Near
Los Gatos.
Mounting his wheel, the highwayman
departed, aiming a volley of oaths at his
victim as he sped away.
This was the experience of Bumal
Broughton of Union last night. He had
been in Los Gatos and on his way home
noticed a rider acting peculiarly behind
him. He turned off to a neighboring
house. Intending to leave his gold watch
and chain there fo.r safekeeping, but no
one was at home. . He then believed his
suspicious follower had gone on ahead.
After Broughton had gone a short dis
tance farther the highwayman was In the
lead and kept \so until a dark place. was
reached. The fellow then dismounted
and as Broughton came along he dragged
Broughton from his wheel. Catching him
by, the collar, the highwayman thrust
the muzzle of a revolver against his
cheek. ¦ He went through all the. young
man's pockets. Finding , no money, the
robber became exasperated and tore
Broughton's necktie. The gold watch was
not taken. ' ' ¦;' .
SAN JOSE. May 8.— Los Ga.tos.has de
veloped a ' mounted . highwayman, w"ho
uses a chainless and noiseless bicycle and
chooses for his victims other wheelmen."
Having selected his prey he sets him a
pace for a mile or so, and when In a dark
and lonely place on the road, dismounts,
covers him with a revolver and relieves
him of his valuables. ' '
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
A rubber tree four feet In diameter
yields twenty gallons of sap, making for
ty pounds of dried rubber.
Dickson was formerly employed in the
drugstore of S. Oberdeener at Santa Clara,
and while here became Intimately- ac
quainted with Dunham. ;r> 4 '¦¦•-.' J
» ? ¦ \
PUEBLO. Cblo.. May 8.— William Gussefeld.
San Jose, Cal.: Knew Dunham and Crill per
sonally. Not the same man.
WALTER DICKSON.
Another positive statement that the sus
pect is not the murderer of the McGlincys
came to District Attorney Campbell to
day in the shape of a dispatch from Wal
ter. Dickson, at Pueblo, Colo. It was sent
to William Gussefeld of this city, who a
few days ago" sent a letter, with pictures,
to . Dickson, who Is employed In a drug
store there, asking him if he. knew Crill.
This morning the following answer was
received:
SAN JOSE, May -8.— Now that the iden
tification of Crill has been passed on to
handwriting experts. District Attorney
Campbell is searching the county for
specimens of Dunham's chirography. This
is all to be submitted to Expert Ames,
and on his decision, which is expected In
a few days, the District Attorney will
decide what he will do with Crill.
to. "Work TJpqn.
District Attorney Campbsll Supply
ing Material for Expert Ames —
SPECTMEMS O!F DUNHAM'S . 'I
CBXROGHAPHir IN PTnVTAirTD
For, grand sub-chief ranger It was a
fight to a finish. State Senator: E. I.
"Wolfe of San Francisco, the choice of the
Heenan faction, and George D. Goldman
of San Diego, who had behind him. the
anti-Heenanites,' were; aspirants for this
office. Tho friends of both realized that
this fight would practically decide the fate
of candidates of the rival factions for
% the other olfices and as a result thl«
proved to be . the most stubbornly - con
gested election ever held in a Grand Court
in California., When the vote was taken
It resulted in the election of Wolfe, but
by a small margin— 112 to 10S. . , .
; John J. Cordy cf San Francisco was
elected grand secretary, Frank J. Conklin
; of San Francisco. h gTa.nd treasurer; J.'-E.
O'Brien of San 1 Francisco, grand record
ing secretary; H. A. Gabriel of Santa
Wolfe Defeats Goldman.
self and profit to all the people of Cali
fornia. ¦ '- .'
V The first order of business at the after
noon session was the selection of a place
for the ;next Grand Court. Monterey,
Stockton and Valle jo were out for the
honor, and btockton won on, the following
vote: Stockton 150, Monterey 53 and Val
lejo 18.
Grand Chief . Ranger Asher next called
for nominations for grand chief ranger.
This office went to Jonn Heenan of San
Francisco, who had no opposition. *
tiaving concluded the address the newly
made Cardinal retired to the inner sanc
tuary and in a few- minutes returned clad
In his Cardinalitlal robes. Almost Imme
diately afterward he divested himself of
these and appeared in the white and gold
vestments of the mass in which he was to
ipontificate. Assisted by his prie«ts and
deacons he conducted this- amid the
breathless attention of the vast audience
The sermon was delivered by Archbishop
Ryan of Philadelphia, after which Car
dinal Gibbons pronounced the benediction
and the ceremony was ended.
Most Eminent and Most Reverend Sir: Hav
ing been by the kindness of the supreme pon
tiff made a member of the sublime College of
Cardinals of the holy Roman church, nothing:
could have pleased me more than to receive
from your eminence, surrounded by this crowd
of bishops and Illustrious personages, the In
signia of this honor and high dignity. It je-
Jolces me to receive these signs .of pontifical
favor In this metropolitan See, in which the
example of your apostolic zeal and pastoral
care have been so bright and have done so
much fcr the promotion of Catholic Interests
as well as for the furtherance of all things
•which aid in the progress of humanity and the
clory of the nation. But you will permit m«
to add another reason for my happiness." I
find It In your continuous and untirins kind
ness toward me from the moment in which,
by the command of the supreme pontiff, I was
placed at the head of the apostolic delegation.
Theee and other considerations awaken in me
a spirit of rratltude toward your eminence. I
ber you then to accept the thanks which I cor
dially offer you, and not only to you. but to
the Illustrious prelates and others who have
come to honor this occasion by their presence
do I offer the expressions of my sincere grati
tude. Meanwhile, most eminent Fir, I pray the
great and good God long to preserve and bless
you.
Regly of His Eminence.
Cardinal Gibbons descended from his
throne and advanced to the front of the
altar, accompanied by his attendants,
bearing the berretta. Mgr. Martinfelli
arose and. escorted by the members of the
noble guard and the papal chamberlains,
walked toward Cardinal Gibbons, before
whom he knelt and bowed his head. Slow
ly lifting the berretta from .the silver
salver upon which it rested Cardinal Gib
bons unfolded it and held it high in order
that the congregation might see It. Then,
stooping and with what seemed to be a
softly murmured prayer, he olaced it
upon the head of the Cardinal-elect, who
arose and, advancing to the front of the
altar, spoke as follows:
or clergy, or people more loyal and more de
voted to the sovereign pontiff, more tenacious
of "the faith once delivered to , the saints,"
more zealous In extending the kingdom of
Christ than the bishops and priests and laity
of the United States. Be assured, roost emi
nent father, that our prayers and best wishes
will follow you. May you enjoy In the eternal
city that peace an dtranqulliity which Is the
fruit of a mission faithfully accomplished.
There Is but one sad note In the Joyous fes
tivity of to-day, and that Is found In the re
flection that your eminence is destined to leave
u*. But we Indulge the hope that you will
abide with us for some time yet. And we are
cheered and comforted by the consideration.
that when you take up your residence in Rome
the holy father will have In you a wise and
produent counsellor, who is conversant with
the religious, moral and social conditions of
the United States. Your eminence will be able
to Inform his holiness that in no country in
the Christian world can be found a hierarchy.
The spirit of yovr administration has been
fittingly characterized in the words of the
Royal Prophet. "Mercy and truth have met
each other. Justice and peace have kissed."
You have followed the Injunction of the apos
tle of the Gentiles, which Is also the sentiment
of your own Illustrious founder: "Omnla ves
tra In charltatate flant." ("Let all your works
be done in charity.") By your justice you have
settled disputes. By your charity you have
healed the wounds which are sometimes In
flicted by litleation.
Kind and Just Policy.
Less than live years aeo you came amonr
us an entire stranger. You will leave us
bound by the hallowed ties of friendship with
out a single enemy to sound a discordant note
In the universal jubilee of praise and con
gratulation. Your mission to the United
States fcas been a mission of peace. While
livlnK among us you have taken as your
model the Prince of Peace himself, of whom It
is written, "He shall not contend nor cry out.
neither shall His voice be heard in the streets.
The bruised reed He shall not break, the
smoking flax He shall not extinguish." Tou
have fulfilled your onorous duties most ef
fectually, without noise or ostentation. In dis
charging your missloin as apostolic delegate
your emlnenece has been actuated by a high
sense of Justice, by a Justice tempered with
charity.
Most Eminent Father: I bee leave to tender
to your emlnenece my most sincere congratu
lations on the well-merited honor which the
holy father has conferred on you In associat
ing you with the members of the Sacred Col
lege. And I am sure that in offering my fe
licitations I am expressing not only the senti
ments of my heart, but those also of all my
venerable colleagues of the American episco
pate who are so numerously represented on
this joyous occasion. They have come from
the north and south, from the east and west,
and many of them from a considerable dis
tance and with great Inconvenience to thsm
seleves. as this is the season of the year when
they are usually 'engaged in administering
confirmation and in makinz the visitation of
their dioceses. I am certain also that the
Eood wishes of the prelates are shared by the
clersy throughout the United States.
Mgr. Marchetti. upon the conclusion
of the reading of the briefs, advanced to
Cardinal Gibbons' throne and delivered to
him an address informing him that the
Supreme Pontiff had committed to him
the office of investing with the red ber
retta Cardinal Martinelli. of whom Mgr.
Marchetti said: "His obedience overcame
his humility and brought him unwilling
to this sublime dlgmity, of which I will
say nothing at present, as another more
worthy than 1 will more clearly and more
gracefully speak of it."
Cardinal Gibbons responded is follows:
ALOYSIUS CARDINAL MACCH1.
B-ed Bsrretta Is Conferred.
The remainder of President Cannon's es
tate, valued at $£00,000 and consisting of
33,000 acres of farm land, interests in flour
mills. Irrigation companies and stock In
banks, etc., passes into possession of the
George Q. Cannon Association, of which
President Cannon's children and his
nephew, John M. Cannon, are stockhold
ers. This property Is to be held in trust
until the youngest child is 40, years old.
Tnis will not be for thirty-one years. The
estate is much larger than was generally
believed.
of the Fisherman, on the* 13th Jay of April.
1301. in the twenty-fourth year of Our Pontill
oate.
While polygamy was recognized by the
Mormon church Mr. _ Cannon bad four
wives. To these are willed their homes,
provision also being made for their main
tenance during life.
SALT LAKE. Utah. May 8.— The will of
the late President George Q. Cannon, who
died in Monterey, Cal., last month, will
be filed for probate to-morrow. The will
disposes of an estate approximating in
value $1,003,000. According to the terms
of the will, the estate is divided into two
parts, the first part consisting of gilt
edged securities worth $200,000. This is to
remain in trust* until George Q. Cannon's
youngest child, now nine years old, at
tains his majority. All of the thirty
three children of President Cannon are
given an acre of land from the Cannon
farm and 52000 in cash .on attaining ma
jority or at marriage, the balance of the
$200,000 to be divided among the children
when the youngest Child .becomes of age.
Relatives of Deceased
Mormon to Get His
Wealth.
Four Widows of the Former
Church President Pro
vided For.
CANNON ESTATE
ONE MILLION
From present indications a hot fight
will be waged In regard to the next meet
ing place. Sacramento, Hanford and Los
Angreles are all In the field. The two chief
elective offices — those of department com
mander and senior commander— are ap
parently a foregone conclusion. The. for
mer will doubtless go to Colonel George
Stone, chairman of the State Republican
Committee, and the latter to I. Manning
King, past post commander of Lucius
Fairchild Post of this place.
Judge A. J. Buckles of Fairfleld. the
wearer of a -medal of honor presented f>
him by the Congress of the United States
for conspicuous bravery during the Civil
"War, made a very happy impromptu
speech. • Patriotic songs by the school
children of Pacific Grove, under the lead
ership of Mrs. B. L. Hollenbeck. and
other patriotic music completed the pro
gramme.
PACIFIC GROVE. May 8.— What Is
without doubt the most notable depart
ment encampment in the history of -the
department of-*" California and Nevada
opened in this city to-night, the Initial
event being an official reception to the
Grand Army Veterans and .members of
the two auxiliary organizations by the
people of Pacific Grove. The President of
the United States is to be the honored
guest of. the veterans, and as a conse
quence the attendance is a record breaker.
Many posts have come in their entirety
and others that never before were repre
sented at a Grand Army Encampment
have sent delegates. ,
Pacific Grove is magnificently decor
ated. What with streamers and pennants
of all kinds and hue*, gay arrangement.!
of bunting In the national colors and "Old
Glory" in all sizes, from the tiniest bit of
a flag to a great old battle-scarred banner,
the town is a kaleidoscope of color. The
interior of the assembly hall where to
night's reception was heid, the old assem
bly hall which is the general headquar
ters of the three organizations now con
vened here, and the pavilion in front of
El Carmelo Hotel, from which President
McKiniey Is to speak, are bedecked in a
profusion of ivy, ferns and other Monte
rey evergreens, mingled with, the national
colors and emblems of the Grand Army.
To-night's reception began at 8 o'clock
with a patriotic concert by the encamp
ment band. The veterans, members of
the Woman's Relief Corps, Ladies of tho
Grand Army of the Republic and a large
number of outsiders crowded the assem
bly hall to the" doors. The programme
began with an invocation by Chaplain A.
Drahms of San Quentin. The formal ad
dress of welcome was delivered by Hon.
B. A. E&rdley, chairman of the executive
committee of entertainment, 'who present
ed to Department Commander Mott a gi
gantic golden key to the hearts and
homes of the people of Pacific Grove.
Commander Mott spoke briefly In re
sponse, expressing appreciation on behalf
of his comrades of the cordial welcome
accorded them*
Special Dispatch, to The ] Call.
Record-Breakmg Attendance
at the Pacific Grove
Encampment.
Veterans of Civil War
Await President's
Cominer.
NATION'S CHIEF
TO GREET THEM
Leo XIII. For*, to our beloved son. Jair.es
Gibbons. Cardinal Priest of the holy Roman
Church. Archbishop of Baltimore — Our beloved
tson, health and apostolic blessing.
Having this day created Cardinal of the holy
Human church our venerable brother. Sebas
tian Maxtlnelll. titular Archbishop of Ephesus,
we have committed to 'our belo\ed son. Fran
<-is Marehetti. one of our private chamberlains,
the duty of presenting to him the red berretta,
the second mark ot his new dignity. Mon
sipnor Marchetti faithfully and dilUrently as
sists Cardinal Martlnelli in the apostolic dele
gation. He will present himself to your Emin
ence In the performance of his office and will
bring vou our greetings. We commend him.
Intrusted Trfth the honorable duties of our
ablegate. to your kindness, and beg you to re
ceive him with consideration and benevolence
ft- :« nttine. for doing which we ourselves
Khali feel duly grateful to you. As an augury
or heavenly blessing and as a sign of our good
will we eend you most lovingly In the Lord
the arxjstolic benediction.
Given at St. Peter's. Rome, under the. Fish
erman's Seal, on the 15th day of April. A. D.
1901. and In the twenty-fourth year of our
pontificate. ALEXANDER VOLPIM.
Tee brief to Cardinal-elect Martlnelli
was read as follows:
Our beloved sen, health and apostolic bene
¦ctlon: Although unworthy, being constituted
l .;•- rtlvine mercy liftfie suoUtnlty of the apos
t.-'ic »ee, and by virtue" of our office having
cm re of the welfare of t-liC Catholic church.
cr.ic.ng our chief solicitudes i* that the college
of our /eneraoie brothere, tht? Cardinals «f
the holy Roman church, should be kept bril-
Urat by most distinguished men as the dignity
of that aio-rt *i lct.did order d»!'««:ni3E. Per this
reason we lav? determined »x> i-.n-<-fb? y-ju in
their rumbT for your piety, your lea-Tiiiis,
ycur zeal fcr the Catholic faith and your other
qualities and gifts of mind, which lead us
to hope that your ministry will be of great
use and benefit to the church of God.
Since however, our beloved son, Reginald
Pius de Raymond, to whom we had committed
the honorable duty of apostolic delegate, haa
declined It, we accepted his refusal and re
solved to commit it to I'Yancis Marchetti. au
ditor cf the apostolic delegation In the United
Kuixer cf TSorth America, who will present to
vou. created by us a Cardinal of the holy
Iloman church, one of the Insignia of this
eubllme dignity, the red berretta. so that when
it shall have been conferred on you. having
been raised to the cardinalltlal dignity, you
must «-ver stand fearless and Invincible agraln.-t
all dangers to the church of God. even to the
ehcddlng of your blood, precious in the sight
of the Lord. We wish, however, that before
you receive the berretta you will by all means
take the oath to be given to you by the said
Franclo Marchetti. and that signed by you,
you send it to us either through him or through
F'wne other personage.
Given at St. IVters, Rome, under the teal
Beading of Papal Briefs.
BALTIMORE. May 8.— Sebastian Mar
tinelll. titular Archbishop of Ephesus and
Cardinal-elect cf the Church of Rome, to
day received at the hands of Cardinal
Gibbons the red berretta.and donned the
lobes which will hereafter mark his rank.
The ceremony, which is the second step
In hJs elevation to his new position, was
marked by all the pomp and brilliance
usually attendant upon such occasions. It
was held in the venerable cathedral, the
first edifice of Its kind erected upon
American sell and In which the first
American priest and the first American
Jiishop were ordained. Among those who
witnessed It were men and women prom
inent in every walk of life, diplomats, leg
islators, educators. Journalists and ec
cleslasts, the latter including half a score
cf Archbishops, half a hundred Bishops,
jirlests, monks and seminarians.
The initial Ptep in the ceremony took
place In the palace of the Cardinal and
consisted of the transmission of the ber
letta to Cardinal Gibbons by. Mgr. Mar
chettf. the papal ublegate. . Brief ad
dresses were made by ooth the partici
pants in this affair. While this was in
jirogress a procession was formed In front
of Calveit Hail, a block away, in which
were arranged in the order named the
seminarians, priests, Franciscan and
Augrustinian monks, the members of the
faculty In the Catholic University in
"Washington, abbots. Bishops and finally
the Archbishops, the purple and gold of
their rich vestments adding brilliancy to
the scene. . ''¦ ¦
At 10 o'clock they moved through Cathe
dral to Chivies street, passing trie palace
of the Cardinal, where they were joined
by his Eminence, clad in full official para
phernalia, who took his place last in the
line. Thence the procession moved to the
littilu entrance <>5 the cathedral. The Car
dlnal-tlect meanwhile had entered the
building through a rear door and ad
vauee<i to meet the procession at the altar
rail. The Cardinal and the Cardinal-elect
saluted each other profoundly and each
souyht the thr<n;e provided for him. That
for Cardinal Gibbons occupied the gospel
side of the altar, while that of the Car
dinal-elect was placed upon the epistle
side. When they had seated themselves
the papal brief to Cardinal Gibbons was
read, as follows:
Dignitaries Prom All Parts
of the Country in At
tendance. . <
Brilliant Ceremony at
Mgr. Martinelli's
Elevation.
MADE CARDINAL
AMID SPLENDOR
RAILROAD MEN
IN CONFERENCE
Western Classification
Committee Begins
Session. <
Classification Committee began its regu
lar semi-annual meeting at this place to
day, most of the members having. come
from Chicago and other Western polnt3
in a special train via Southern California.
There are about sixty-five traffic officials
present, representing most of the promi-.
nent railroads west of Chicago. The
membership of the committee comprises
eighty roads, but several of them have
no i sent representatives to this meeting.
It was the delay in the arrival of .the spe
cial tram that postponed the opening of
the meeting from, yesterday to to-day,
and those members who arrived by regu
lar train yesterday were enabled to do a
large amount of sightseeing hereabouts
while waiting for their colleagues.
Much of the ' preliminary work was ac
complished by. the party on the special
en. route to i>el Monte, for u number of
these aboard were members of a sub
committee appointed. at the last meeting
of the general committee to go over the
docket wlth< a view, to arranging the busi
ness to come up in as condensed a form
aa possible.' A report of this work was
the chief business of the opening session,
and,- although many questions were
brought up for consideration, no final ac
tion was taken upon any. of them. .
The committee convened at 11 o'clock
and . held a brief opening session, and at
2 p. 'm. began regular business. A propo
sition to advance the ratings on smoking
tobacco from the second to the first class
was considered. Messrs. Keane and Wy
man, | representing the American Tobacco
Company, addressed the committee in op
position to the proposed advance. Repre
sentatives of other factories also ad
dressed the committee in opposition, and
much of the afternoon was occupied in
this wa: r .
The present meeting is considered by its
members to be of rather . minor impor
tance, for the matters coming before it
are of local rather than general signifi
cance and business will therefore occupy
a comparatively small part of the stay
here. The committee has nothing to do
with the fixing of freight rates, Its busi
ness ' being the classification of articles
according to their quality and other
points. Probably the most Important
matter likely to occupy the attention of
the committee Is a proposition to modify
the schedule governing ratings on mixed
carloads. • Another important matter is
the application of the Davenport, Rock
Island and Northwestern Railroad for
membership in the committee.
DEL MONTE, May 8.— The Western
Tobacco Wholesalers Argue
Against an Advance in
Rating.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 9, 1901.
Forester Delegates Choose a Portion of Their New Officers and
Name Stockton .as the Next Place of Meeting*
HEENAN FACTION WINS THE DAY
IN THE GRAND COURT ELECTION
3
ADVEBTISE3HENTS.
ElGli T POUNDS !
Eigrht pounds of love and laughter, of
emiles and sunshine or — ? Many a motbei
can fill up the blank out of her experience
of puny, wailing children, whose coming
T"" """ ittSM.' I toroujjht no glad-
jt fcP^a. ness to the home.
' »k *f«^r Women who have
fi^itfj*. o^yf<n t ' on as ? pre-natal
j^fu^ \32ZS preparation know
«£ej%3c& V*™m that it makes all
1 , the difference be-
2^-J^§?E II ' tween happy,
t^gfrtjjj • * healthy 'm other -
?*%&&&¦% % hood, and a mother-
iSSggga o «. hood of murmur-
£gfj|£s!g 1 « ing and misery.
i^^Sj-Eh? i Andthey know
&&£&!¦ fllV»j\ also, that happy,
Sg£5gar» !e *% healthy mothers
FgggSlI ffiSsk navehappy.bealthy
children. "Favor-
i te Prescription"
jgfllmlffiSWjlSiffii* strengthens the
f&g&BSjl ,V3 S8*! whole body for the
i§KECaff J UTrJKrgS strain of mother-
SjSStfjr / \\ \ -R k°°d- It practic-
r#^SCT I U \ SpsS ally does away with
J *V / \ JoS the pains of child-
Jj^Sh °^ r^ > » gives the
M^^^g^^ mother abundant
B"*3«W MmMiMBUBMLiui vitality and en-
ables her to nurse and nourish a healthy
child.
The "Favorite Prescription " contains no
alcohol, neither opium, cocaine, chloral nor
any other narcotic.
"I «ra mojher of six children," writes Mrs.'
C A. Briggs:of Millwood, Douglas Co., Oregon,
"and always took three or four bcttles of * Fa,
Twite Prescription' before confinement and
never suffered any to speak of; had no # after
pains ; my babies were larg« — they all weiehed
more than eight pounds, end I am not a large
woman ; weigh about us pounds. I have had
some stomach trouble, but a few doses of 'Golden
Medical Discovery * would set me all right. I am
hardly ever without your medicines. They are
all the medicine one needs, if taken in time, to
keep one in perfect health.
"I feel that I owe my little boy's life to Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, as he had
convulsions, and everything he ate would bring
them on. I commenced to give him the 'Golden
Medical Discovery • in ten drop doses three times
a day. Now he if just as healthy a child as can
be found and he grows like a weed."
* Dr. Fierce's Pleasant Pellets are the belt
laxative for women.
?.•^jgSSSBjt***! ar Big Q i* a non-polsonom
JLCtflKlU**" **TiL..nj 1 Ij for Gonorrhoea,
Glwt. Epermnorrho:*.
/eXSSr '» lu>6«»Ti.\B Whltev unnatural dij-
t£&3j Gurutnil VI charp . or »ny infl«nm»-
K***l cot u stricture. tion, i ritition or nicer*-
Prerreu cocu«i«c, tion .1 m u c o n « mem-
fySlTHEEvtKS Che*ic*iC3. branw. Son -aetrin rent.
%j2«C!t<C:mri,0.E|Ha Sold by Dranliii,
'MCyiim. C. 8. A- j££i~oT «ent In plain wrapper,
i JS3S»^_ by express, prepaid, i<w
tl0 °- <" 3 bottle*, (2.73.
• n Clr-Jar Mai on requaat.
"AT SLOANE'S"
¦ BSa Patterns, Including Royal Wilton, Ne Plus Ultra Ax-
JU SB mm minster > Lowell Axminster, bigelow Axminstsr,
SX&K H H H sl Bi?e!ow, Lowell, W.attall and other leading brands
¦Tja §j P §3 if of B 0( ty Brussels Carpetings, ranging hi value from
|JUU $1.50 to $2.75 per yard.
Your choice of- entire line,
Sewed, Lined and Laid,
at the uniform price ot
111 ft Carpet ds] Rugs s
S WeM VflC/ Cose at Greatly Reduced Prices:
a Bring Measurements ot Rooms.
150 ORIENTAL RUGS to close
At $5.00, $7.50 and $10.00 each,
, Regularly Sold from $10.00 to $20.00 each.
Large line of LACE CURTAINS and PORTIERES in odd lots to closs .
'¦<, vat ONE-HALF regular values. " '
If you are interested In household' furnishings do not hesitate to
make yourself thoroughly acquaintsd with our establishment.
Largest stock on the Coast from which to select. .
W. & J. SLQANE & CO.,
Carpets, Furniture, Upholstery.
1 14^-1 16- 118- 120-122 Post Street.THE CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART.
W. K. Fowler beat G. C. Whlgham by
four up and 3 to play.
The surprise of the round was the mag
nificent play of I. F. Altken.' a. young
west of Scotland player, who beat James
Nobb, last year's runner-up, by one hole,
on the last green amidst intense excite
ment. SnSSi
LONrXJN. May 8.— The amateur golf
contest at St. Andrews was resumed to
day. The particular Interest in the third
round was centered In the match between
H. H. Hilton, the present champion, and
J. S. Laidley, who has twice held the
championship. Hilton 'won by 3 up and
2 to play.
English Golf Hatches.
vs. E. J. Reilly's Plow Boy: C. S. Appleby's
E G W vs. Sterle & Knowles' Oleta; Gold
Dust Kennels' St. Michael vs. W. C. Glasson's
Dew Drop; Georjfe Sharman's St. Ives vs. Rus
sell & Allen's Spiteful: Russell & Allen's Lady
Claire vs. A. R. Curtis' Royal Lad: Sterle &
Knowles' Ripple vs. Aeneld Kennels" Aeneas;
P. M. Curtis' Vagrant vs. P. M. Curtis' Echo;
F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion vs. Pasha
Kennels' Rollicking 1 Airs; Star Kennels' Black
Head vs. A. Vanderberg's Naughty Girl: Pasha
Kennels* Fiery Face vs. A. R. Curtis" Blue
Ribbon: J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence vs. Pasha
Kennels' Real Article: G. Walters' The Chief
vs. O. Zahl's Miss Wilson: P. M. Curtis' Mc-
Klnley vs. A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald:
Pasha Kennels" Roman Athlet* vs. R. E. d«
B.' Lopez & Son's Eager: J. T>. Ocrdlnall's
Union Jack vs. I>. Roach's Bells of Shannon;
Chiarinl Bros.' Brass Button vs. A. R. Cur
tis' Luxor; A. R. Curtis" Candalaria vs. P. X.
Curtis' Fashion Plate; Gold Dust Kennels'
Forget vs. Pasha Kennels' Roberts' Army:
H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence vs. P. N. Cur
tis". Narcltwus: P. J. Rellly's The Grafter v».
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud; X>. Dillon's
Granuella vs. George Sharman's Black Flush:
P. N. Curtis' Anchor vs. E. Geary's Ireland:
J. Sheridan's Forrest Klnar vs. J. Connell's
Log Boy: P. M. Curtis" Yellow Kid vs. Star
Kennels' Herschel's Pride; J. Keenan's Black
lock vs. Chiarini Bros." Santonin.
Devotees of coursing have some good
sport in store for them on Saturday and
Sunday next. An excellent card was
drawn at Pythian Ca3tle last night by the
management of the Union Coursing Park.
It will consist of a puppy stake of sixteen
entries and an open stake of 130 entries.
The puppy stake Is composed of the get of
For Freedom. Emln Pasha. Crawford
Lad, i Moondyne II and other famous
dogs. In the open stake there are a score
of stake winneia. The hares are running
fast and the -3og3 will go to the slips in
their usual fine form. Following la the re
sult of the drawing:
Puppy stake, sixteen entries— J. Horn's Lit
tle Deceiver vs. J. Deaa's Greyfeld; E. M. Kel
lo&gr's Frisco Lad vs. X>. J. Healy's Tiburon;
V. Silver's Funston vs. W. II. Kocher'a Mer
riwa; J. D. Cardinall's Jeseby vs. W. H. Rob
inson's Jack Freedom; Pasha Kennels' Rustic
Arbor vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Kitchener;
J. Oonnell's Cosey vs. J. D. Cardinall's Hod:
W. H. Robinson's Lord Freedom vs. Sterle &
Knowles' Freeze Out; E. M. KelloRgr'a Modest
Lad vs. Sterle & Knowles' Cold Shivers.
Open stake. 120 entries— A. R. Curtis' Vulcan
vs. Sterle & Knowles' For Glory; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Motto vs. James Hurley's Hurricane;
H. Perigo's Bohe vs. \V. C. Glasson'a lone;
E. M. KellOKS's Buck vs. Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom Aim- E>. Roach's All Green vs. J. Demp
sey's Jingle Bells: H. H. Gray's Rona vs. H.
A. Deckelman's Rocker: Star Kernels' May
flower vs. J. Sheridan's Forrest Queen: F.
Jones: Lovlna vs. F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha:
Russell & Allen's First Foot vs. Aeneld Ken
nels" Agamemnon; T. J. Cronin's Vandal vs.
D. J. Healy's Maggie M; T. J. Cronin's Vixen
vs. D. J. Healy's Tapioca; L. F. Bartels' Ban
ner Bright vs. Russell & Allen's Castaway; F.
A. McComb's Bona Fide vs. P. J. Rellly's
Warship; J. Dean's Warco vs. A. R. Curtis'
Charter; H. Pertgo's Controller vs. J. Hur
ley's O K Capitol; J. Kane's Master Daven
port vs. J. Smith's Master Workman; George
Sharman's Chicago Boy vs. H. A. Deckelman's
Master Rocket; E. M. Whtteside's Greenback
vs. E. Geary's America: T. N. Curtis' Warpath
vs. Pasha Kennels' Belle Rocket; A. R. Cur
tis' King Cotton vs. F. Jones' Wedgewood; D.
J Cronin's Thornhill vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal
Anne: Cheteman & Partirjrton's Representative
vs. George Frederick's Grand Marshal; Star
Kennels' Fontenoy vs. P. N. Curtis' War
Eagle; Aeneid Kennels' Achilles vs. O. Zahl'3
Homer Boy; Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt
vs. Russell & Allen's Strayaway; XV. J. Leon
ard's Tom Hurllck vs. F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys; D. Rlordan'3 Mollie R vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Rural Artist; H. H. Gray's Bannockbum
vs. Russell & Allen's Rosie Claire: J. Kane's
Grcsnhall vs. K. A. McComb's Hot Haste: E.
M. Kellogg" a Iowa Lad vs. Aeneld Kennels'
Athena: E. M. Kellogg's Modest Girl vs. Con
nell Bros.' White Hat; P. Doyle's Thelma vs.
P. N. Curtis' Shadow: J. Smith's Boney Boy
vs. J. Keenan's Lundin LInka; A. R. Curtis'
Flying Fox vs. E. M. Kellopg's Crawford Belle;
F. A. McCbmb'9 Little Sister vs. Aeneld Ken-
Stake-Winners Are Drawn
. to Contest for Big
. , Purses.
Gets of Famous Dogs
to Run at Union
Park.
PUPPY STAKE
0N THE CARD
RIBBONS THAT WENT TO THE DOGS -R ACING, BASEBALL AND COURSING
THE SAN FKAHCISCO CAM. TBUKSDAY, MAT ¦>, l.Ol.
Time-%. :13; U. :25; %, :51; %, 1:16%; m.
1:44; l%m, 2:23'4." 'Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, D. C. Mc-
Carthy's b. g. by imp. Stromboll-Gulltless.
¦ Stromo never out of a gallop.- Twinkler, in a
pocket most of the way. Lass ran her race.
Imperious quit. Twinkle Twink lame. Scratch
ed—Parader 113.
Betting— Stromo, 7-2; Twinkler, 3-2; Sylvan
Lass, 25; Imperious, 6; Rapldo, 12; Don Luis,
10; Dare II 30: Dr. Marks, 15;, Whaleback,
SO; Twinkle Twink, 50. :,-¦•;*. •-•;;;•.-:•!•.
2421. SIXTH RACE-Mile and three-eighths;
selling; four-year-olds and up; purse $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2145) Stromo, 5, 112..Fauntlry 4 2 2 In 13
2395 Twinkler, 6, 112.Sulllvan 3 7 n 5 H 2 n
2405 S. Lass. 6, 110.j...Flynn 7 3 % 4 1 3 2
2391 Imperious, 6, 112..Alexdr 2 13 2 3 4 1
£391 Rapldo, a, 112.. ..Stuart 5-8 14 31 8 3
2384 Don Luis, a. 112.Mathws 15 1 6 1 6 1
2399 Dare II, 6, 112.. Bennett 8 6 1 7 % 7 H
2374 Dr. Marks, 6. H2.Conley 6 4 n 8 .83
2325 Whaleback, 6, 112.Russl 9 9 9 9
2399 T. Twink, 6, U0....Priorl0 10 10 10
Time-%, =13: U. :25Vi; tt, :49; %. 1:15; m,
1:41; l^m 1:53%. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, F. J. O'Rourke's ch. h. by
imp Brutus-Nerva. Winner came from the
rear when asked and won like >a good one.
Ada N is a very clever filly. Malay ran his
race. Russell on Shannon .put up a'^bungllng
ride. Gotobed no "account. ' Neither is Bathos.
Betting— The Fretter, 4; Ada N. 9; Malay,
13-5; Rio Shannon, 7-2; Gotobed. 12; Bathos, 6;
Cougar, 10.
2420. FIFTH RACE— Mile and an eighth;
May handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse,
J500.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2366 The Fretter, 5, 117. Ruiz 6 4h 2 1 1
2378 Ada N, 3, 91.... Webster 1 1 n • 1 V4 2 1
2393 Malay, 5, 105.. Alexander 4 5 4 3131
2378 R. Shannon, . 4. - 104.Rusl 3 6 2 4 V4 4 3.
2409 Gotobed; 6, 104..Fauntly 5 7 5n 5*
2366 Bathos. 4. 97 Stuart 7 3 1 6 1 6 6
2407 Cougar, 3, 93. ...Ransch 2 2 n 7 7
Time-U. :23%; #, -.48. Good start. Won
first three driving.- Winner, Atkin ,& Lot
tridge's ch. g. by St. Carlo-Glenllvet. Johnny
ran a fast quarter but was backing up at the
close. ' Glendenning came from behind in game
fashion. Louwelsea closed well. Phyllis can
do better. Scratched— Royalty 105, Phil Crlm
mlns 108. Halnault 105. ¦ '
Betting— Glendenning, 11-5: Coal OH Johnny.
5; Louwelsea, 5: Tompion. 6; Irma A, 30; San
Luitlon, 15; Phyllis, 4. :
2419. FOURTH RACE- Four furlongs'; two
year-olds; purse, $400. . -
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
23S2 Glendenning, 105..Alexdr 6 2 4 2 n In
(232DC. 0. Johnny. lll.Shields 3 14 1 IVi 2 3
(23S2)Louwelsea, 107 Enos 2 3n 3 3 3 6
(2406)Tompion, 105 ....Ransch 7 4 3 4 1 4 h
2400 Irma A, 105......Tullett 4 5 3 5 2 5 2
2400 San Lultion, 105. Math ws 1 6 % 6 3 6 4
(23S9)Phyllls, 106 ...Bassinger 5 7 7 # 7
Betting— MacGyle, 11-10: Hindoonet, 6; Jim
Hale, 5; Barney F, 40; Mellocole, 14-5.
Some iWomen .dress ' to please men and
some to worry other women. »
•The writer of an obituary notice in a
Kentucky paper -warmed up to his work
as he proceeded and closed with this gush
ing sentence: "She was wafted into the
gloom of eternal night at 6 o'clock in the
morning." . - - -
The National Sporiing: Club announces
for Its next card McGovern and Hererra
and Kid McFadden and Danny Dough-'
erty. - The fights .will be held . at Mechan
ics' Pavilion on tho ¦ evening of . May 29.
Popular prices will ¦¦'< be charged— $1, $2
and $3.7 . \ ; : j V ¦ :_ . ';
National 'Club Fights.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 8-
David V. Cowden was to-day unanimous
ly chosen to captain the Stanford baseball
team for the next season. Cowden is a
Junior In college, and has played three
years on the varsity as second base, field
er and first base. His work is at all times
consistent: and of the brilliant order In
the last - intercollegate contest he played
an errorles game. He Is a member of the
Delta Tjpsllon fraternity and a law major.
Cowden Chosen Captain.
Harvard Wins at Golf.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., May 8—Har
vard won the Intercollegiate golf . tourna
ment on the Northfleld links to-day, con
testing in the fields with Yale for the cup.
Princeton held the trophy, which it how
yields to the wearers of the crimson/ .The
score of the victory stood 13 to 4%, reck
oned by the college system recently
adopted. .The weather was fair, but a
cool breeze blew over- the. links 'which
affected the playing. Myers of Harvard
distinguished himself with i his ¦ long' driv
ing and Brown, also of Harvard, made
the first nine holes in 37, breaking, the
record on the links, but on coming in did
not play so well, ending with a total ; of
85. Stlckney of Yale went nine links in 37.
New Guinea,
BRISBANE, Queensland, May 8.— A
search party, , which has returned from
NeV Guinea, discovered the half eaten re
mains of the Rev. James Chalmers and
the Rev. Oliver Tompklns of the London
Missionary Society and their followers;
who were massacred " In April by natives
of Fly River, New Guinea, after a tribal
Half -Eaten Remains of Two Clergy
men Discovered by Searchers in
CAfNNIBALS MURDER .
ENGLISH MISSIONARIES
LONDON, May 8.— The Chester cup at
Chester to-day was won by Pierre Loril
lard's David Garrick, ridden by Lester
Reiff. Lady Penzance was second and
Stoccado was third. Sixteen hofses ran
The victory of the American horse upset
calculations. Admiral Drake led to the
turn, when Stoccado drew to the front
but gave wary below the distance to
David Garrick, who won by two lengths
Three lengths separated second and third
horses.
The betting was 10 to 1 against David
Garrick. 9 to 2 against Lady Penzance
and 8 to 10 against Stoccado. The Badin
ton two-year-old plate of 200 sovereign*
five farlongs, was won by Captain Ethles
ton's chestnut filly the Dniker, ridden bv
Johnny Reiff. Six horses rari. • y
Lester ¦ Reiff again had the winnine
mount on Noel Fenwick's Casino, which
won the. Prince of Wales welter handi
cap plate of 200 sovereigns for three-year
olds and upward at five furlongs. Seven
horses' ran.
J. C. Dyer's Lockings, with Johnny
Reiff in the saddle, finished first in the
race for the Combermore handicap plate
for three-year-olds and upfcvard at one
mile. Twelve horses ran.
Lester Reiff Pilots Winners.
BUENOS 1 AYRES. May 8.— A sensation
has been caused here by an announcement
that the Chileans are fortifying the Strait
of Magellan, although there is an agree
ment prohibiting- any fortifications along
the strait. The Government will probably
ask Chile to make an explanation. ,-
Argentine Government Is Disturbed
Because of the Reported Action
of Chile. £2?$
SAID TO BE: FORTIFYING
STRAIT OF MAGELLAN
MANILA, May 8.— Colonel Astilla, the
Insurgent Governor of Infanta province,
has surrendered, with ten officers, 180
men. 170 rifles and ten cannon. .
WASHINGTON, May 8.— Orders will
soon be Issued by Secretary Root direct-
Ing the return from the Philippines of the
Fourteenth, Eighteenth and Twenty
third regiments, the Fourth Cavalry and
the coast artillery. Their withdrawal will
begin about August. The troops desig
nated arrived In Manila in 1898. The. pur
pose of the department is to reduce the
force In the Philippines to 40,000. :
Astilla, With Officers, Men and Guns.
Gives Up tne Hopeless
Struggle.
FILIPINO INSURGENT .
COIjONEI* SURRENDERS
The. San . Francisco and Oakland clubs
will meet at Recreation Park this after
noon in the first of a series of five games
The Frlscos have Just returned from Los
Angeles, where they gave the citrus belt
ers the worst drubbing that has been ad
ministered this season. Since they were
last seen here the Friscos have been
strengthened by the acquisition " of the
long lost Boy Evans, the ex-National
League twlrler, who will make his local
debut Sunday afternoon. The line-up for
to-day Is as follows: ,
n2SJ2* acteea '' / £S'\! Ons - Oakland.
Graham ,. .Catcher T^hmji
Iburg..... ..Pitcher ......"... -fflSS
Pabst :..... First base ..::..:: iSeib
SSiS*" TMrdV 11 " -•Arr.llSS
ij 6 " 17 : J* 11 ™ ba *« ••• Moore
Krug.. Shortstop FranekS
Holland....... .'.Left field ........Dunleaw
Hlldebrand.......... Center field ..... Drenn"In
Nordyke.... ......... Right 'field ..... H^d
Baseball To-Day.
OAKLAND RACETRACK -. Wednes
day. May 8, 19Ol.-Weather fine. Track
fast.
fl. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs: selHng;
maidens; three-year-olds and up; purse. *3CO.
Index. Horee.'Wt. Jockey. St. Vi. Btr. Fin.
.... Searchlight. 6. lOS.Bassgr 5 12 11 l\
2305 Sailer, 3. 92 Ransch 7 5 M, .4 1 2 1
23M) Cerro Santa. 3, 92.. Dyer M J f 7 n
1699 Debltick. 3. 91. /.Webster 6 11 8 2 8.
2068Ting-a-Linfr. 4. 102.Sturt9 9 9 1 9 1
.. Sull. M'chree, 3, 94.Brdnll 10 10 i«
23S0 Scotch, 4, 104. CpnleylO 8% Bled ...
Tir^^—i/ -24V4- H -49' %. 1:15- Good start.
Sulllsh Machree, 40; Scotch. 6.
2417 SECOND RACE— Four and a half fur
longs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse.
$350.
_, r 1R .*n. iuf -53. Good 'start. Won
nr?t m ttrtedrivtAg Winner. Burns & Water
&Wi? e by Vassal-IdoL Vaaallo stood a
B^Hft "^o
10? PreVtene I Estado. 9-2; Fred Atterbury.
Ill ISumn Time. 15; Yellowstone, 15; Warder.
100; Lento. 20; Lily Dale. 300.
241S. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
WmntfS*. «.' lOo.Fauntlry 1 5 4 2 «
1407 Jim Hale. 3. 88...Redfern 4 3% 2 2 3 3
2405 Barney F 4 , 100... Stuart 2 2h 54 2
2408 Mellocole. 4, 100 Hoar 5 13 3% &
Tlm e_i 4 iia%; %, :24; %. :19%; %. 1:15%:
74 • i?4 Good start Won first three driving.
Winner C. T. Boots' b. g. by imp. Brutus
'T^daJla.' A furlong from home Fauntleroy had
{opu 1 un Hindoonet In trying to get through
or he would have won. Hale ran well under
weak handling. Barney F outclassed. Mello
cole Quit badly.
cSvSand. It Vfl
Chicago ....3 13 0
Batteries— Hotter and Yeager; Bkopec and
Sullivan.
CINCINNATI, May 8.— Ruaie made his re
appearance on the diamond to-day after an
absence of almost three years. The conditions
were most unfavorable for the greater part
of the game waa played in a drizzling rain
Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. *E
Cincinnati '........ 3 g j
St. Louis M 13 o
Batteries— Rusle and Kahoe; . Harper and
Nichols. Umpire— Emslie. ,,: - ,
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BOSTON. May 8.— The American League
grounds were formally opened to-day in the
presence of over 11,000 spectators. The game
was a walkover for Boston. Score:
Clubs— - R. H. E.
Boston » ' 19 t
Athletics 4 11 3
Batteries— Young and Criger; Bernhard and
Powers.
' BALTIMORE. May 8.— Tn* Baltimore team
defeated Washington in a fast game this
afternoon. Mercer was effective after the
first inning but the damage had already been
done. Attendance, 2310. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Baltimore ..-.....'. 5 10 ,. ,<»
Washington 17 2
Batteries— McGinnlty and Robinson;' Mercer
and Clarke.
CLEVELAND, May 8.— Chicago won to-day* ¦
game because Skopec was twice as hard to hit
as Hotter. The game was a. hard fought one.
Three men died on bases In the eighth and
two in the ninth. Attendance, 600. Score:
CHICAGO, May 3.— Pittsburg defeated Chi
cago in a prettily played game to-day, win
ning in the last inning. Attendance, 400.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 7 13 0
Pittsburg 8 14 3
Batteries — Hughes and Chance; Leever and
O'Connor. Umpire — Dwyer.
NEW YORK. May 8.— New York won out
to-day from Philadelphia by a splendid bat
ting rally in the seventh Inning. Attendance,
2300. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
New York 9 11 4
Philadelphia 8 15 2
Batteries— Phile and ¦Warner: White and
Douglass. Umpire — Nash.
BOSTON, May 8.— A hit by Crotius In th«
twelfth inning brought Demont home and
scored the winning run for Boston. Attend
ance, 5500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 7 17 2
Brooklyn S 16 3
Batteries — Dineen. Nichols and' Klttredge;
KItson and McGulre. Umpire — O'Day.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
The half-mile. troTtlngrtrack, so long a
matter, of ; the deepest consideration to
members "of the Goldun Gate Park Driving
Association, will soon take: form. A cor
poration will be formed next week by
prominent members of the association for
the building of a track in San ', Francisco
County.',,". Shares,' reaching the '.value of
$50,000 <wili be subscribed for. -Nearly that
amount ha8 already been pledged;
/ The men • who will": build the ; half-mile
track : have * three different sites ' in view,
two -north; of the: Park /and!,: one' south.
The location will. We. determined at the
nrst'meetlng.'of the new corporation. ¦ It
is "Intended', to' erect 1 not only -a grand
> stand but" a clubhouse, and have the field
i conditioned for poloj baseball or football.
izatioii Will Bo Effected Next
Week.
WILIi INCORPORATE TO :
;** BXJTLI> TBOTTTNG TBACK
Money Is Subscribed and an Organ-
First race, six furlongs-A. D. Gibson won,
Ducassa eecond. Free Girl third. Time. 1^20.
Second race, five and a halt furlongs-Hl
kollar won. Two Annies second, Bonnlvard
third. Time, 1:13. ¦ • _
Third race four and a half furlongs—Lem
uel won, Oraide second, Marie . Bell third.
Time, :57%. ' • , ..
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, purse
—Nobleman won, Wall second, Lindenella
third. Time, 1:54%. V_;', . .
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse— Kindred won.
Miss Mae Day second. Verify third. Time. 1:18.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, selling—
Louisville Belle won, John Bull second, Mlsa
Patron third. Time, 2 :03."
m
ST. LOUIS, May 8.— Fair Grounds summary:
First race, selling, nve and a half furlongs-
Can Robert won, Assassin second, Brown Vail
Second 'race," on* mile, selling— Abe Furst
won. Robert Gray second, Banquo II third.
T Th e i'rd "race, hurdles, one mile-Jim Black
burn won, B. G. Fox second, Earnan third.
T Fourth 51 race. half mOf-B»lk' Cord won'Cu
balte second, Tom Crabb third. Time. :W.
Fifth raceT five and a half furlongs, "eUlng-
Lor4 Fraser won, Chemisette second, Corlalls
third. Time, 1:70. ¦ ¦ _. v
Sixth race, seven * urioI^ s T Sw |f t ,,
won. Saragamp second, Ruth Park third.
Time, 1:30. „.-;/..:
CINCINNATI, May 8.— Newport summary:
First race, five furlongs— Miracle II won,
Brlssac second, ; Illowah third. Time, 1:02 4-5.
Second race, six furlongs, selllng-Blrdle D
won, C. B. Campbell second, Aaron third.
Time, 1:15 3-5. , „ ,
Third race, one mile, selling— Moroni won.
John Grigsby second, rrairle Dog third.
TMmrt ' 1 'At 1 ' ' *•* " ¦¦
: Fourth race, one mile and an eighth, selling
—Ben Chance . won, Trebor t second. Hood s
Brigade third. Time". 1:65 1-5. j .
, Fifth race, seven furlongs— About won. Lake
view Belle second, Ida V third. Time. 1:30 2-6.
Sixth race, one mile, selllng-Zacatosa won.
Frank Ireland second, Hosle third. Time,
1:44 1-5. . . . . •
CHICAGO, May 8.— Worth summary:
First race, J^t. Nicholas, mile and a half-
Draughtsman won, Passe Partout second, The
Lost Chord third. Time. 2:52%. - fl
Second, race, six furlongs— Red Path won,
Hesper second. Cervera third. Time 1:13.
Third race, selling:, four and a half furlongs
—Honolulu won, Rightaway second. Red Dam
sel third. Time, :55. . . , "
Fourth race, the Bouquet stakes, selling, five
furlongs— Mlsleader won. Vagrant second,
Lady Holy wood third. Time, 1:03.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Sweet Lavender
won. La Valllere second, Donna Henrietta
third.' Time. 1:29. m -
Sixth race, one mile. eelllng-Tyrshena won,
Alard second, Lanceman third. Time, i:«.?4.
EASTERN BACING.
LOUISVILLE, May 8.— CChurchlll Downs
summary:
First race, five furlongs — Runnels ¦won,
Harry Beck second. Endurance by Right third.
Time, l:06.\
Second race, five and a half furlongs-Moses
won, Velasquez second, Johnnie McCarthy
Third race! one' mile and fifty yards, selling
— Janowood won, Locust Blossom second,
Scorpolette third. Time, 1:50.
Fourth race, Frank Fahr 6 t a £es- one ™ile—
Chorus Boy won, Reseda second, Mr. Pnimzy
Fifth rJS!' seven 'furlongs— Trinity Bell won.
Ethel Wheat second, Lyror Bell third. Time.
race, six furlongs, selling-Ononastus
won, Velma Clark second, Fleuren third.
Time, 1:17.
NEW YORK, May 8.— Morris Park sum
mary: - " ¦'
of the kennel were on their good behavior,
but with the coming of the crowd they
began to see moons which wanted to be,
baved at. The incessant barking by tenor,
barytone and basso profundo canines fur
nished a medley of sounds which to the
"genus dog crank" was like the strains of
Arcadia over a bank of violets. Bill, the
ugliest and third finest of his breed in the
world, pure bulldog, was the only good,
noiseless dog in the show. He belongs to
the Klein kennels and is an Importation,
of supreme negative beauty. All he has
Larsen's Sharkey: second. Madam Ines Fibbrl
Muller's Lomita Wotan; third, Jessie J. Lang£
er's King L: absent, J. L. Flood's Caesar F
and R. F. Warren's Leo. Limit dops-First
W E. Meek' s Sharkey; second, XV. H. Dicks
Bueno Montez; third. G. W. Freeman s Hec
tor F; absent. J. U Flood's Caesar F and
Mrs C. H. Williams' Wlldwood Lad. Open
dogs— First. W. E. Meek's Champion ¦ Califor
nia^ Cube: second. W. E. Meek's Sharkey: ab
sent. J. L. Ford's Cae ? ar F J. L. Flood s
Caesar F. Winners. dogs-First, W. E.
Meek's Champion Calfiornla Cube; reserve. W.
E. Meek's Sharkey. Puppy bitches— First. O.
XV Freeman's San Mateo Queen; seoorid, G.
XV Freeman's Winifred F. Novice bitches-
Third, G. W. Freeman's Queen F; absent Mrs.
W. Hatje's F. Laura. J. L. Flood's, Mira F
and J. P. Norman's - Hebe Montez.- Limit
H G de Greayer's Emperor; second, P. C.
Meyer's Glenwood Monarch; third, P. C.
Meyer's Grand Master Jr. Reserve— Miss E.
Haves' Milo. V. H. C— A. Cassels' Ivanoff.
H C O T.— Dr. Nobmann's Dewey Tennis.
Absent— A B Fately's King Lion, Miss E.
Bellingham's Beauty W. and F.F. Luke's
Aar&an. Limit, doss— First. A. B. Fately s
California Eboracum; second, Mrs. E. B.
Thompson's Milo Jr.; third, G. A. Davis
Monarch G. Bernard. Reserve— Thomas Dal
zell Brown's Sir William Wallace. H. C—
O T Nobmann's Dewey Tennis. Not in the
rlnsr— P. C. Meyer's Le King. Absent— Miss
B. Bellingham's Beauty W and F. F. juke's
Lester C. Open, dogs— First. Mrs F^ B.
Thompson's Milo J jl.; . second, A. B. Fatp
ly'B Grand Master II; third, Mrs. E. B.
Thompson's King Crockett. Reserve-G. A.
Cincinnati, testified before the Industrial
Commission to-day concerning railroad
freight rates from the Ohio River south
ward. He said that Cincinnati and other
.Western, cities had suffered Blnce 1879 from
discrimination on the part of the railroads
In the carrying of merchandise and manu
factured articles in the Interest of the
Eastern seaboard. The case/had, he said,
been presented to the Interstate Com
merce Commission, but while the commis
sion had recognized the injustice of It and
had secured an order for the discontinu
ance of its practice, no attention had been
paid to it.
Wilson said that the discrimination
against Ohio River points is the result
of an agreement which was entered into
almost a qOarter - of . a. cenutry ago be
tween the Atlantic coast roads running
south and the roads running north' of the
river. In accordance with that agreement
the Ohio River roads had advanced the
price ; of manufactured articles and had
kept them, so , high as to practically ex
clude the I manufactured articles of the
West from the market, notwithstanding
the manufacturing center In that time had
moved rapidly west. So great had this
preference been that many Western' man
ufacturers bad found It profitable to es
tablish warehouses in Atlantic seaboard
cities for the distribution of their wares
through the South rather than to- attempt
to get them Into that terrlory through the
natural channels, which were the Western
roads running southward. Often the rates,
he said, from Cincinnati to" Southern
points were greater than from New. York,
notwithstanding the distance Is only about
half bo ereat. • * • :
The commission listened to a statement
from C. D. Griffith of the Denver Chamber
of Commerce, who read a document pre
pared by the Chamber . complaining of
freight rate discrimination against .the
city on the part of the railroad companies.
It was reported that this practice grows.
largely out of the fact that the Missouri
River is made the base of Western rates.
The opinion was expressed that this base
should be moved westward to the longi
tude i of Denver. The Chamber of Com
merce also made complaint of instability
of railroad rates and a, plea was made for
uniform and stable charges. Griffith said
that'the rate from New York And Chicago
to Denver is about the same as the rate
from' those citles-to San ¦ Francisco und
that the rate from Denver toSan Fran
cisco Is no ! lower than that from New.
York and Chicago to San Francisco. He
also said that, notwithstanding the fact
that' Denver Is 600 miles nearer Idaho and
Montana than Missouri River points, Den
ver's freight rate to those States la only
one-fifth less. . Also it was true that goods
could ¦'. be shipped . to ¦ San Francisco and
back. to Utah at a lower freightage than
the same goods could be shipped. to Den
ver and then shipped, to Utah. .
Testimony Before the Indus
trial Commission Given
by Western Men.
WASHINGTON, May 8.— E. *>. Wilson,
secretary of the National Manufacturers'
and various other trade organizations of
Complaints Against the
Unjust Rates of
Railroad.
DISCRIMINATION
INJURES TRADE
Meyer's Glenwood Venus and J. F. Fitzger
ald's Lady Delight II. Limit, bitches— First.
A. B. Fately's Melba; second, P. C. Meyer's
Princess Rachael; third. P. C. Meyer's Bellne.
Reserve— Nalrod Kennels' Princess Nairod. V.
H. C— Mrs. Thelo Lendewlg's Frisco Queen.
Open, bitches— First. A. B. Fately's Melba;
second. ¦ P C. Meyer's Alta Rachael. Win
ners, bitches— First. A. B. Fately's Melba,
Reserve— P. C. Meyer's Alta Rachael.
6t Bernard, smooth coated— Puppy, dogs—
J. A. Bom's Caesar. Limit, dogs— J. A.
Dinkelspiel's Hermit.
St. Bernards, smooth coated— Open, dogs:
First E. D. Connolley's General B; second. J.
S. Dlnkelspiel's Hermit. Winners, dogs— First.
E. D Connolley's General B: reserve. J. S.
Dinkelspiel's Hermit. Limit, bitches— First, P.
C. Meyer's Miss Barry; absent, Dr. D. J.
FIRST DAY AT THE DOG SHOW OF THE SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB. FOR FREEDOM, WHOSE PICTURE IS
SHOWN IN THE ILLUSTRATION, IS THE GREATEST OF GREYHOUNDS AND THE FIRST GREAT COURSER
TO TAKJ! A BLUE RIBBON AT A LOCAL DOG EXHIBITION.
Great Danes— Puppy, dogs: First, Cunning
ham & Ellison's Cunningham's Don Juan; sec
ond, Posen Great Dane Keunels' Bijou. Nov
ice, doss — First, Pcsen Great Dane Kennels"
Charles D; second, Cunningham & Ellison's
Cunningham's Don Juan; third. Colonial Great
Dane Kennels' St. Leonard; V. H. C, H. L.
Schmidt's Hector L; absent, E. Smalley'3
Bluster. Limit, dotes — First. Cunningham &
Klllson's Duke; second. Posen Great Dane
Kennels' Dick; third. Colonial Great Dane
Kennels' Lord LaudsbrcuRh; V. H. C. H. L.
Schmidt's Hector I>: absent. E, Smalley's Blus
ter. Open, dogs— First, Cunningham & Elli
son's Duke; second. Colonial Great Dane Ken
nels' Beau Brammel II; third. Pcsen Great
Dane .Kennels' Bluebeard: absent, D. Smalley's
Bluster. Winners, dogs— First, Cunningham
& Ellison's Duke: reserve. Posen Great Dan-
Kennels' Charles D. Puppy, bitches— First, J.
Rauche's Flora. Novice, bitches— First, Posen
Great Dane Kennels' Lady Ermine: second.
Oscar Bergsten's Maude S; third. Cunningham
& Ellison's Cunningham's Princess Dagmar;
V. H. C. Albert Wrede's Isabelle. Limit,
bitches— First, O. P. Bergsten's Maude S; sec
ond, Mrs. H. Seller's Jetta of Melbourne: third.
Posen Great Dane Kennels' Orchard Trilby:
V. H. C. Colonial Great Dane Kennels'
Thelma; H. C. Cunningham & Ellison's Cun
ningham's Princess Dagmar. Or>en. bitches —
First. Cunningham & Ellison's Champion Cun
ningham's Juanlta; second, Posen Great Dane
Kennels' Champion Queen. R: third. Mrs. H.
Seller's Jetta of Melbourne: V. H. C. Colonial
Great Dane Kennels" Thelma. Winners, bitches
— First. Posen Great Dane Kennels" Lady Er
mine; reserve. Cunningham & Ellison's Cham
pion Cunningham's Juanlta.
¦ Newfoundlands— Puppy, do*rs— Absent, A. J.
Allen's Esterhazy and A. J. Allen's Marie.
Open; dogs and bitches — First, Mcrltz Abt's
Bismarck: second, Mrs. Thomas McGilvey's
Major.
Greyhounds— Dogs, free for all— First, J. H.
Rosseter's For Freedom; second, J. H. W.
Muller's Cruiser; third, commended. J. W.
Rosslter*s Fortuna Favente. Dogs, stake class,
for first prize winner in a recosnl2ed coursing
trial — First, J. Dean's Connemara: second. Cur
tis & Sons' Cavalier; V. H. C, O"Shea Broth
ers' Younj America. V*V^
Vogrelman's Princess of Solano. Open, bltches^ —
First, P. C. Meyer's Miss Barry; absent, I>r.
D. J. Vogelznnn's Princess of Solanou Win
ners, bitches— First, P. C. Meyeri/ Miss Barry:
no reserve.
Probable Winners.
First race— Aphrodis, Lucera, Florist*. V
Second race — Parader, Locononio, Canejo.
Third race— Rory Ough, Jarretierre d'Or. The
Giver. ' .
Fourth race— Meehanus, Dr. Jfembula, Gib
raltar.
Fifth race— Alee. Good .Hope, Expedient.
Sixth race— Ooldone, Horton. Gauntlet
Sixth race— One mile and seventy yards;
four- year-olds and upward; selling:
2409 GokJone • 110 (2156)Alturaa ..ill
2411 Llzella 109 j (2395)Gauntlet 114
2397 Hoiton 114J '
Fourth face— Six fu:
and upward; Belling:
240S Meehanus 113
<22»2>Charles Le Bel.112
2398 Tola. 105
23S3 Glisnando ......112
<232»)Sugnen 112
1248 Tcarica, 11T
Fifth race— Seven fu
and upward; Felling- :
<2405)Lost Girl 109
2340 Expedient 109
2410 Whangdoodle .. 97
• 2408 Alee 109
2415 Ostler Joe J 14
23*4 Pat Morrlssey..Ul
rlongs; three-year-olds
1958 Toirida no
2208 Bagdad 112
2408 Dr. Nembula...ll2
2378 Rinaldo 112
2355 Montallade 112
2402 Gibraltar 115
rlongs; three-year-olds
(2407)Invlctui 99
2407 Fondo S3
2359 Mike Strau6s...lO9
2418 Good Hope 109
23S8 Rcrnw-l Lake... 95
<2362)Mike Rice Ill
• Third race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
puree:
<24M)Jarr*t're d'Or..llS| 2345 The Giver 118
2400 Rory Ough IIS 2412 Waterscratch ..115
2418 Irma A 115!
Second race — One mile; four- year-olds and
upward: Felling:
2411 Canejo 107 2403 Loeonomo Ill
15-49 Frank Woods. .109 1326 Yule in
2411 Parader 113 240S Harry That'hr.113
<2411)Formatus 109 2402 Incindiator 116
2392 Senator Matts.113
To-Day's Entries.
First race — Six furlonss; three-year-old fil
lies: s»llinc: -.*
1948 Abba L....'. 110 23S0 Triple Cross,. ..110
2380 Luca 110 2031 Porphyry 110
1404 Matilda 0 110 2344 Lucera 110
:3fl7 Alpha Lee 110 2410 Cathrn. Bravo.111
2244 Aphrodis 110 2368 Yodel 110
23R6 Merida 110 2380 Edith 0 110
2410 FlorUta 110
Searchlight, the hot one for the opening
number, was entered to be sold for $200.
An outsider boosted the price to $500, cre
ating great consternation among owner,
trainer and followers.
Stromo had an attack of colic yesterday
morning, and the gelding's owner, Frank
McMahon, told an intimate friend he saw
no chance to beat Twinkler.
Johnny Sullivan is riding in very hzff
form and should -try and infuse more
vigor Into his riding— duripg .the. earlier
stages of the race at least. It may be
news to the rider to know that some of
his efforts have been severely criticized by
the talent; - . •-.--• : \.z -. s :.•._. ... ;
The riding of Alexander shows marked
Improvement. The colored chap put up a
very strong finish on Glendenning.
Track Notes.
. Blacksmith Frank O'Rourke's Burns
handicap winner The Fretter, tired of do-
Ing duty in the signal corps and taking
his place on the "firing line" again at
Oakland yesterday, captured the May
handicap after a snappy brush with Ada
JC. The showing of the chestnut horse In
his two previous engagements would in
dicate that he was suffering from a se
vere case of indisposition. For that rea
son and because of having drawn the
capital prize. 117 pounds, the books laid 4Vi
to 1 about him, the opening 5 to 2 finding
few takers. Rio Shannon, which also
opened up at 5 to 2, receded to 7 to 2, be
cause. It was said, there was "nothing
doing." This was undoubtedly one of the
many rumors that grain credence, though
Russell did bungle things badly. For a
time it looked during the early part of the
race as if Ada N. with little Webster on
her back, would get heme iirst. But when
Ruiz got ready with The Fretter that
horse had too much left, beating the
three-year-old filly out a half-length and
stepping the mile and an eighth in 1:53^2.
Malay was third. •
For a change, first choices took more of
a hand in proceedings. Searchlight, Va
s-allo, MacGyle and Glendenning landing
first, all well backed. The delightful
weather attracted a large crowd and the'
track was in perfect condition.
A "stranger" that was highly touted
started in the first event, a six-furlong
rur. for maidens. It was reported that
Searchlight had worked six furlongs in
1:14%, and from 4 the odds were soon cut
to IVi. making the newcomer equal favor
ite with Sailor. Away fifth. Bassinger
soon showed first with Searchlight, and
holding his field safe won cleverly. Sailor,
with his unsound knee, was a close sec
ond a length ahead of Rasp.
Vasallo, from the Burns & Waterhouse
Ftring. demonstrated that he was a stayer
rnd game by standing a long drive and
beating Carlo a nose for the two-year-old
event, at four and a naif furlongs. Sen
ator Bruce, played for a "killing," cut a
wide swath for -several panels, but
couldn't stand the gaff, dropping in third.
When it came to the pinch Ransch on Va
sallo outfinished Alexander astride Carlo.
Mellocole did not carry his speed very'
far in the seven-furlong selling run, and
MccGyle. also piloted by Ransch, got the
verdict over Hindoonet oy a neck. Faunt
leroy on the latter horse was pocketed
and compelled to take up down the
stretch, or he would have won. With a
stronger ride Jim Hale, which ran third,
x»-ould have been dangerous.
Another good thing. Coal Oil Johnny,
went amiss in the four-furlong dash for
two-year-olds.. With Henry Shields on his
back he tin-canned out in front almost to
the wire, when in a fierce drive he was
nabbed and led out a neck by the favorite,
Glendenning. \ Alexander «on the last
named youngster put up a strong and
well-timed ride. Louwelsea, cutfooted at
the start, rai a good third. ,
The mile and three furlongs' selling af
fair went to Stromo. played down from 8
to ZVt. Never out of a gallop, the big
gelding passed Imperious when"' ready,
winning easily by three lengths. Sullivan
on Twinkler, the favorite, met with many
mishaps, getting up in time to get the
place from Sylvan Lass.
.By F. B. Mulholland.
First Choices Have an Inning
at Oakland — Ransch
in Form.
Shoulders Top Weight
and Downs His Com
pany in Fast Time.
HANDICAP GOES
TO THE FRETTER
DOG SHOW OF THE SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB HAS
A MOST SUCCESSFUL BEGINNING AT MECHANICS PAVILION
y* rj- ECHANICS' PAVILION is now
JfAlAl tne temporary lodgment foi ,as
(W\\ blue-blooded a lot of hlgh-
J V JA. priced canines as have ever been
benched in this city. From the
four points of the compass they came, and
howled and* barked yesterday morning,
afternoon and evening in ah opening chor
us that ushere.l in the annual bench show
of the San Francisco. Kennel Club.
While the classes are not painfully nu
merous nor tho' entry list large, the show
is an improvement on all of its ¦, prede
cessors in regard to these two attributes.
Besides this, tne ¦ dogs exhibited-are-cer
tainly of far higher class, the Eastern
material furnishing some rare ribbon win
ners. '
The morning was consumed in making
ready for the afternoon, which brought a
fair attendance." In the evening the aisles
: between the benches were crowded, and
the interest displayed by the public was
of the mild fanatic dog kind. Occasion
ally one of tha rabid enthusiasts would
break out and talk points until even the
pointers fell asleep.
The sporting class of doss is well repre
sented, as are also the St. Bernards,
spaniels and fox terriers. Up to the noon
hour these pedigreed 'and petted darlings
ever done in his short life is to shake blue
ribbons at his friends in neighboring dog
stalls. •
While the benching arrangements ;are.
all that can be desired, everything was
not in shipshape order . yesterday when
Judges Henry Jarrett and J. J. Lynn be
gan to operate. The results of their work
in the few classes already adjudged' are
as follows:
Mastiffs— Puppy dogs: Third. G. W. Free
man's Hector F. Novice dogs— First, Mrs. M.
bitches—First G "W r. Freeman's Sari Mateo
Qu^cn- secord Miss F. H. Hatje's California
Queen: absent Mrs. Laura A. Allen's
Elphn* T 17 Flood's Mlra F and.J. P. Nor- |
man's Hebe Montez. . Open. bitches-First. G.
XV FYpeman's San Mateo Queen; second, Mrs|
v " t Hat^hB'« California Queen; absent, Mrs.
T a ahpi?« Vlcho J L>. Flood's Mlra F and
71 p Norman' 8 Hebe Montez. : Winners,
hitphAs— irirst G W Freeman's San Mateo
n „"" =iAr>nrt o'' W Freeman's Queen F.
Sf kSSs roug'h-fcoated— Absent, K. A.
Lundstrom'sBrewster Novice, dogs—First,
Davis' Monarch Bernard. V. H.C.—Thomas'
Dalzell Brown's Sir William Wallace and P.
C. Meyer's Le King. Absent-Mrs. E..B.
Thompson's Baby and Miss E. B. Bellingham's
Beauty . AV. Winners, dogs—First, A. B.
Fately's California Eboracum. Reserve —Mr3.
E.-B. Thompson's Milo Jr. Puppy, bitches—
First, Mrs. H. J. McCarthy's Queen Lucille.
H. C—Mrs. J. H. McCarthy's Queen Lucille.
Novice, bitches—First, P. C. Meyer's Be
line; second, M. Coleman's Cuba; third. Mrs.
Thelo Lendewlg's Frisco Queen. Reserve—
Mrs. T. C. Judkln's Duchess. Absent—P. C.
4
EASTERN BASEBAIX.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MAKING A NAME
For excellent laundry work Is a point long
since passed by us. Ours is established
and our reputation for exceptional excel-
lence In work and care in handling should
prove Interesting to you In sending out
your next laundry bundle. See that it
comes. to us— and you'll be satisfied.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av.
| /\fter the Fvire^
|P^TdD'S GUN STORE
Reonened at old number. 421 Kearny
street Goods slightly damaged by water
e»d fire to be sold for thirty days at
Great Reduction. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTING GOODS of every description.
All new goods at special discount during
sale Highest cash price paid for raw
Furs Send 3 cents for postage of 100-
pag© Illustrated catalogue.
DR.MEYERS&CO. <0§gP*
Specialists. Dl3- is?ii|f
ease and Weakness 'ijSijJi j«es»
of men. E3tab- SjM
lished 1SS1. Consul- Wffk fl^r^f
tatlon and private v!fo, \ /-ll
book free, at -office nSffl'i i*£«cLL
or by mail. Curea iw'V&icSlr
guaranteed. 7 at \^§4mSF^M
Market street (ele- JC^T^WSr
vator entrance), mN§28$«^
San Franclaco. -^Rgss^jfc^JsPcSgS*Chief of Police Sullivan has detailed Of
ficer Philip Fraher to act ! with the two
special officers from Washington^ ' in
guarding' the President during his '.visit in
San Francisco. The detail of .an' officer
was made upon recuest of United States
District Attorney Wood worth. ' •
The general relief cbmmittee of the* In
dependent Order of Odd eFllows,' through
its sub-committee, consisting : ; of A. A.
Friedlander, F. W. . Stowell. ; H. -New
burgh, C. F. Phillips and F. R. Webb, has
secured the steamer T. G." Walker for the
purposeof being in the naval parade^at
the time of . the launching- of the Oliio on
the ISth inst. Arrangements have been
made to allow only 5W) persons on board
the vessel. '. ' .
The, finance committee reports the fol
lowing additional subscriptions received
up to yesterday noon: :-•'¦.:-
Shreve & Co.. $30; Vulcan Iron "Works, $25;
Miteul & Co., J25; Griffith & Skelly,' 126: Pa
cific Coast Biscuit Company, $20: California
Transfer Company. $15; i Patrick F. Bundon,
$10; T. H. Tryon, $3; J. Van Laak. J5: G. Cohn
& Co., $5; Simon Levy & Co.. $5; Weil Brothers,
$5; Carroll & Carroll. $5; Clneograph Theater,
*5; E. S. Heller, $5; John S. 1 Drum, J3; E. H.
Hart, $5; George F. Grant, ?5; cash, $5; George
The Market-street . and . Calif ornia^street
railway companies have replied .to Chair
man Newhall -,- of • the '. accommodations
committee, saying that' 1 . they- cannot : run
their cars alt night during. the President's
visit, but that they will' run late 'cars to
accommodate the crowds on. the nights of
the more '-imoortant events.'-".-. • ¦¦¦:¦'.:¦::
The executive committee, yesterday ap
propriated $500 toward the expenses of the
reception to be' glyen ; Thursday afternoon
at Odd eFllows' Hall by the Mexican War
Veterans, California Pioneers,', | \ Native
Sons and Native Daughters. - -Three hun
dred dollars was appropriated, for \build
ing the reviewing stand on Van Ness ave
nue. • ' ¦ '¦<-'¦¦ : .v.vY- V- -•','¦..¦? •¦¦'¦<"':: -"
pace with the President's carriage,. two on
either side. An escort of police,. marching
clos6 to the wire ropes stretched to keep
the crowds back, will be an -unobtrusive
but very Important feature as a- precau
tion against possible danger to, the Presi
dent from cranks. ~- - ; :..¦.•
The reviewing stand .-will he erected on
the west side of Van Ness • avenue,' be
tween Sutter and Post-streets. It will be
located half way between, the
of the Hecht and Ne whall residences. ¦, It
will be built to accommodate 225 people. ;
The information bureau has .opened in
the ferry depot. • v. '/!¦''
No All-Night . Car Service!. " ;
•with her husband from the train and rode
with him to the hotel, but then she col
lapsed and had to retire: into one of* the
parlors, where she rested during .the
epeaking on the porch. . She - recovered
"My Fellow-Citizens: I have been '
very greatly moved by the warm and
generous welcome extended to me on r
the part of the people of California
and I assure you .that I shall carry
with me as long as I live the memory
of your greeting and welcome. We are ; . -
citizens of one: common country, all of
us acknowledging allegiance- 'to the.
same constitution and all of us-lovlnff
1 " the dear, old flag. I am glad to be wel
comed by the people. I am especially
glad to be welcomed by the school
children of this city. . The ; public
schools of the country, the educational
opportunities furnished in every State :
. and Territory of the Union indicate
the highest ' type of * civilization and,,
demonstrate that . the republic will be.
safe as long as our children are edur .
cated in virtue and patriotism." ; '
, Secretary of Agriculture Wilson made a
'¦¦short speech to the- crowd at .Coi ton. 'He
said: . '¦-.¦ ..- .' - -v'^ •-.•>. .-'.'- .¦
.."••Ladies and gentlemen— While rid- ¦„
ing through this beautiful country; of.
yours and being- entertained-.by^. your
people'it is a great pleasure: to study,
the sources • of . your -prosperity. •.. \The.,.
; woods ; and mountains >\ where/ . your
.Waters come from must be taken care '
of. The "Department; of .^Agriculture
proposes" to : do ' everything *, that" can
possibly.'be done* to ¦ that ; end. t- <Ap-~
jilause and cries of 'good.') ¦ The Sec- .
retary of the Interior is ' also deter- -
only my thanks for the warm welcome
you have given to us but the sreat
pleasure I have had in the drive about
your city, through its parks and Jt3
avenues and . aiong your beautiful j
'•It is hardly conceivable that all this
has been done in a period of twelve
years. It is the most, prosperous look
ing and certainly the 1 handsomest ,pity
of twelve years of ase that I have
seen anywhere in my ¦¦ travel : • . '
"And -I have wondered, if this was
the beginning , of my reception as I
enter upon the soil of California what
must I expect at its conclusion? (Ap
plause.) We had high hopes, for^we
had some very enthusiastic Califor
nlans with us on the train, of what we
would' have when we reached the Gold
en State, and I want to assure you that
•the expectations all of us had have
more than been fulfilled by the warmth
of your welcome and the generosity of
your greeting. (Applause.) We will
carry away with us the perfume of
your flowers, but more -than that wo
' will carry away with us the memory
of this beautiful reception and tho
heart-touch we have had from the peo
ple in this community."
" The speech -was the end of it all, how
e"ver for as the President concluded he
re-entered his car. In. response. to further
demands Secretary Hay said:
"The time- for speechmaklng,' 1 be
lieve.' is over. The official programme'
has been completed and I can only say •
that we go away, from Redlands with
a memory of one of the most beautiful
and most cordial receptions we , have
had anywhere. It will be long before
we, forget the splendid hospitality of
this people and the beauty, of this clly
. and the surrounding country." . . ¦ .
As the train moved away - McKinley
came out and stood with his hat In .his
hand and the people cheered and cheered
until the train passed round a curve and
was lost to view. But the President had
been welcomed and Redlands was .satis-
Speech.es M-ade at Colton. v
There were more people waiting down
the track as the train sped on. At Colton
and Pomona and Ontario and a dozen
other different towns of varying size and
prettlness along the road to L03 Angeles
the people were out and whenever the
train had to stop and switch the Freel
dent would some out on the platform and
bow and smile again and . every one was
doubly happy. :'i"j '¦•*'¦¦•, -'¦ '
At Colton the - President spoke briefly.
He Eaid: <> • , t. . : . <
From the rate; requests for' tickets arc*
coming in at the university between 23 (XX)
and 30,000 people will « have applied' for
tickets before. May 15. ."If all of these at
tend "about two-thirds'iwill be compelled
to stand, i. \ .v".Vv'. v •.-' .- ¦? "•¦¦"¦/< h \ i ¦
The President's -party, and guests will
occupy a platform on'-the east side of the
oval.. This section' will seat 528." Directly
in front of it and at'.its center^is the"
speakers' ylntforrn.- Here • will,,be*'seated-
President i-McKinley.'.the'- four student
speakers— N.' M. , Morah,- R. T. • Fisher W
B.- Greeley- andv K: . J.\: Brown— Governor
Gage,': President. 'Wheeler a nd, those of ; the
chief executive's immediate .party. ">-dver.
the • ijlatform'.,wlll ; . be ' a', canopy. i,:This * Is "
planned. " to - act ' ' mainly t as - a , soundirik
board; in order . to •;¦/ carry the speakers'
BERKELEY, May/ 8.— The •(Cinder path
and"'suwoundines ; at the : University.' of
California' are being converted into an Im
mense amphitheater for > the- commence
ment day exercises, ; at which "• President
McKinley. is ;todellverthe"address. l -l 1 lans
have beon arranged so ; that ': every bit -of
available space will be occupied; by. a seat:
In spite' of this caref ul^planning. 'the com
mittee does not hope to seat nearly all; of
the crowd. ¦ -r, ." . ... , • ,,,--i v ..
Seats atCommeneement
Exercises ,-; at/Berkeley
Thirty Thousand Want
Maxwell, J3:S. Sellar, $5; W. H. Millar Com
pany, 15; H. Outsen, $5; J. , M. Pettlgrew, »5;
L. C. Sheldon. $5; casli, $5; W. C. Barnard &
Co., $5; Atlantic Fish Company, $5; AV. E.
Dennison, to; George Aronson, $5; H. Fred
ericks, J3; J. R. Gates & Co., > $5; Phillips
Brothers. $5; Gray & Earbiere, $3; D. "de Ber
nard* & Co., $5; .Lecan, Pera & Co., $5; ,Eve
leth, Nash & Co., 15; Grannucci Brothers, $5;
C M. Volkman Company, Jo; A. H. Hart Com
pany, $5; Max Ordensteln, $5; Martin Feusier.
J5; . Von ' Ronn, iJorKbach & Co., $3; Os
good & Howell, $5; John Mulhern, $5?
C. Brown & Son, $5; Carroll & Tilton. $5;
L. Spiegel, $3; T. J. Crowley,- J5; J. F. Cun
ningham, $3; Joseph Levy. $5; Herman Safe
Company, $5; George W. Caswell & Co., $5;
Armer & • Weinshank, $5; Henry S. Calm, $5;
Radke & Co., ?5; George Greenzweig & Co.', $5;
Eggern Vinegar Company, J5; Dixon Borque
son & Co., $5; Meyer & Eviton, $5; Smith's
Cash . Store, $3; J. B. Duggan, $3; ' O. W.
Nordwell, : J5; Sam N. Levy, $5; S. U. Bern
stein, $5; Alfred LUlenfeld, $5; Lowenthal &
Co.. $5; J. S. Potts Drug Company $5; Col
lins & Co., $3; W. H. Nolan & Co., $3; Cohn
Bros., $5; Kahn Bros., $5; F. G. Felts $3;
Walkover Shoe Company, . $5; J. Smith, 1 $5;
Strohmeler Bros., 55; M. Alpern, $5; Henry
Harris, $5; Itathjen . Bros., ¦ , $5; La Grande
Laundry,. $3; Davis, Schonwasser &• Co.,^ $5;
Fred B. Haight, $5; M. Conlin, -$5; T. Sar
tonllo, $5; Signal Transfer Company. $3; ' S.
Sheyer. $5; H. E. Skinner & Co., $3; Franklin
Carter, $5; American Import Company, $5; 3.-
Dlxon Crucible Company, $5; McNutt,' Kahn
& Co., $3; 'Enterprise Foundry, $5; Murray, $5;
M. Greenberg's Sons, $5; Thomas P. Whitelaw,
$5; • Union Machine Company, - $5; Lippltt &
Fisher, $3;' Mrs" J. ¦ Coughlan. '$3;
Louis : Goodfriend, I $3; John tReld &• Co. $3;
"WV II. Kinna. $5; Keystone "Watch Case- Com
pany. $5: M. -If. .Levy, $3; Cosmopolitan Hotel,
$5; W. C. Price & Co.. $5; Paul Rieger & Co.,
$5; Charles F. Thlerbach & Co., $5: F. B. Dol
lam & Co., $3: Benjamin & Co., $5;Utica C.
O. & Co., $5; J. F. Chapman & Co., $5; W. S.
Ray Manufacturing Company. $5; 3r H." A.
Folkers & Brother, $5; H. O. Wledero,$3; Phll
pott & Armstrong', $3; Ben Healey,- Joi^H.Levy,
J5; Chicago Dental Parlors.' $5: James McMen
omy & Son, $5; Dr. C C. O'Donnell, $5; I.
Barron,' $5; George Mayerle, $5; Omey & Goet
ling. $5; Pearl Oyster House," $5; S. C. Nutting
&:Co., $5; W. H. Brown, $5; . Max Shirpser
Jewelry Company, : $5: Greenberg- & Greenberg,
$5; Schussler Bros., $3; Herman Cohen. $5; J.
J. Gildea, $5; Gas Consumers' Association, ¦¦ $5;
C. F. Webber, & Co., $5: Borek •&. Rosenberg,
$5; . Hammam' Baths,- Butter street, $5; S.
Meyer, $5 ; • A. ; Langren. i $5 ; '. P. Klein, $5 ; * C.
W. Cross, $5. Total. - $330.
AMPHITHEATER
OF * CINDER PATH
ALL arrangements have been made by Chief of Police Sullivan to.,
guard the President from any attack during his visit to San Fran-
Cisco. On the arrival of the President at the Third and Townsend *
street depot the -esponsibility will commince. From that time.until :
the illustrious guest leaves the .city he .will be guarded by a picked -
squad or detail of eighteen police officers.'- / ;
Tills squad will be divided into three watches and each detail of six men
will be on duty for eight hours at a time. Of these six men four, will be '
in uniform and the other two will be in citizens' clothes. The two men in ,
plain clothes will be at the elbow, of the President at all times, Including
receptions, banquets and interviews! -In all cases where the President drives
in a carriage four mounted policemen will ride by the side of his carriage.
These precautionary details were all decided upon by. Chief Sullivan late
last night. It I* believed they will prevent all chance of assault or Insult
by cranks or others who, make public men their targets. When the Pres
ident visits New York he Is guarded by two detectives, who are picked from"
the corps for their aptness for the work. When he goes for a drive' a de
tective is always seated on the box seat with the driver, and even when
he attends divine service the detective is always given a seat in the next
pew.
EIGHTEEN PICKED MEN
WILL GUARD PRESIDENT
Continued From Page Tvro.
While the reception to the President was
in progress in the Van Nuys Hotel the
women's clubs of the city were giving a
reception to Mrs. McKinley. At first it
was not certain Mr3. McKinley could -go,
but when the time came she said shs
would attend and she did. It was a most
pleasant affair and hundreds of ladies
embraced the occasion to meet the Presi
dent's wife. The reception was held in
the women's clubhouse on Flgueroa street.
It was no part of the programme that
the President should attend the women's
reception, but after the reception to him
in the Van Nuys he had a few mlnutea
to spare, and he said he would like to see
1 he ladies. On his arrival at the club
house the President's first thought was
for his wife, who was holding a brief
court in the women's clubhouse. . .
The President's visit .was an unexpected
pleasure to the thousands of . women in
and about the clubhouse. He graciously
made his way through the throng of ad
miring femininity, shaking a hand on the
one side and paying a pretty compliment
on the other, but his eyes were set for
the lady seated at the far end of the re
oeptlon hall, and he made straight toward
Mrs McKinley. The women cheered him
lustily and were touched by his extreme
solicitude for his wife.
The President evidently believed that
Mrs. McKinley had undergone as much
strain as her strength could stand; Tak
ing her right hand tenderly in both of his
Ftrcr.g palms, he whispered to her and in
another moment he was • leading: her
through the throng to the door. Then he
made straight for his carriage, and. amid
the cheers of the crowd, drove off with
liis wife to "The Bivouac," the home of
General Otis, where they were enter
inincd'to-niffht.'-.taSHfSOHB*'™*
The party that sat 'down to dinner was
<""iEpoKed of President and "Mrs. Mc-
Kinley, Secretary and Mrs. George B.
Ojrtelyou, Dr. and Mrs. Rixey.t Senator
nnd Mrs. Thomas R. Bard, Hon. and Mrs.
R. J. Waters, Hon. H. H. Markham and
daughter. Mr. and Mrs. CD. Daggett of
Pasadena. General' and Mrs. 'Harrison
Cray Otis. Mrs. Franklin Booth and Miss
Hay P.arber.
After dinner the men of the party spent
marly an hour in the marquee on the
upper floor. During this time : Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and the ladles of * the party re
ceived in the crimson drawing-room. So
"ndwl the first Presidential day, in Cali
fornia.
FROM REDLAHDS TO AHGEL CITY.
"There Is one thing about our na
tional character— It is not spoiled when
It is transplanted. (Applause and cries
of "Good.") It loses none of its
strength or its virtue or its liberty un
der anv sun or beneath any stars. (Ap
plause.) They say liberty does not
thrive under tropical skies. Did lib
rrty ever thrive more grandly than in
the State of California and through
out our southland? I congratulate j'ou
upon the prosperous conditions you
have created in your State from one
rnd of it to the other, and thank you
from the bottom of my heart for my
self and my associates for this cordial
welcome to your city, which I visit
row for the second time. Twenty years
ago when J was here you had a popu
lation of a little more than eleven
thousand. To-day you have a •Popula
tion of more than a hundred thousand,
and in the last decade you have made
a larger gain than any city in the
country of fifty thousand inhabitants
— a gain I believe of over 100 per '•ent.
I congratulate you upon your pros
perity and, wishing for -you all lov©
and contentment in your homes and
gains in all your occupations, I bid
you good afternoon."
"I am glad to be in this great State.
Its population to-day is more than one
third of the entire population of the
I'nlted States over which the flr*t
President presided during eight years.
I cannot stand in this presence wlth
- out recalling those splendid pioneers
of American civilization, Kearny and
Stockton and Fremont, who led in the
paths of progress and civilization and
dedicated this mighty empire of the
Pacific Coast to liberty and union for
over. <Applause.) You have now re
siding in your beautiful city that aged
woman who shared with General Fre
mont in his early and later trials and
triumphs and for her I am sure you
will all join with me in reverent and
ffft=rtiona.tf regard. ('Applause.) ¦
••Havi:nj s'ai.l this much it only re
mains for me to add that I thank you
one and ail for this splendid welcome
and congratulate you upon the happi
, ness and prosperity not only of the
people of vour city and of your State
- but the people of the whole country,
and to felicitate with you that now
this nation of ours is stronger and
more firmly cemented than it has been
before in all its history. (Applause.)
There are more men and women loving
our flag to-day than ever loved it be
fore and there is more respect paid to
it at home and abroad than ever be
fore. *
Liberty Thrives Grandly.
The members of the President's Cabi
net — Secretary of the Navv John D. Long,
Secretary of State John Hay, Secretary
of Agriculture Wilson. Attorney General
Griggs and Postmaster General Smith
took up position on the platfrom and all
around were secret service men to guard
against fanatics doing possible injury to
the President.
After a brief pause, during which Presi
dent McKinley scanned the assemblage
and bowed kindly in answer to the cheer
ful greetings of welcome evidenced by the
applause from, every quarter," Mr. Laugh
lin Introduced Mayor M. P. Snyder, who
extended the freedom of the city.
When the ceremony was completed de
tachments of the throng outside were al
lowed in the corridor. Fifty or sixty per
sons, who were fortunate enough to pro
cure positions near the Main-street en
trance, were passed in one at a time. Po
lice and secret service men formed a nar
row aisle leading up to the platform and
men, women and children came up to the
dais In single file. The President gaye
them a cordial grasp and to each spoke
a word. Then they passed quickly out of
the Fourth-street door to make room for
another squad. The reception continued
for twenty minutes.
As a means of communication with the
entire populace President McKinley
asked If there was not a balcony to the
lioteL. where he could appear for a mo
ment and address the audience.
Manager Potter of the Van Nuys con
ducted him to a room on the second
Ktory. and his presence at the window
with Secretary of State John Hay was
greeted with wild, cheers and a waving
of hats and handkerchiefs. He spoke as
. follows:
"Mr. Mayor and my fellcw citizens—
I have already been welcomed to this
magnificent State by your chief execu- .
tive in terms of cordiality and good
will, for which I have already made
grateful acknowledgment. I am more
than pleased to be received in this
enthusiastic manner by the people of
the city of Los Angeles— to receive
from the Mayor of the city the greet
ing- of all the people. I have been
glad to . be welcomed by my cora-
Ipanions of the Loyal Legion of the
1'nited States, by my comrades of the
Grand Army of the Republic and by
all the* people.
"I have met while traveling through
the SoutH many of our old comrades:
but I have met also, marching side by
Fide with them, giving cheer and wel
come to the President of the United
States, their former foes who had met
before on many a battlefield, each the
more resoecting the other and all now
united under one flag and rivaling
each other in love and devotion to our
constitution and our common country.
Tribute to Pioneers.
Speech From Hotel Balcony.
Homer Laughlin walked to the plat
form with the President and stood at his
left hand, while former Marshal George
Card took up his position directly behind
the pair.
they had reached the place of'honr the
applause died away as Mrs. McKinley was
seen to reel, and It appeared as though
she was about to faint. The President
supported her and quickly conveyed iier
to the elevator. They were borne to their
apartments upstairs and fifteen minutes
elapsed before the President 'returned
downstairs.
Continued From Page One.
' ' ' ¦' '..''. '¦ : • ' *.' - : ¦ '¦'' ¦ !
mined that your, forests shall be pre- '
served. We are studying your mag
nificent soils. We . are mapping them ; >
and propose to do so in order. that
you can tell where you can grow this !
crop 'to the | greatest advantage and .'.'¦
whqye you need plant food for ,that' :•
! crorT We are. also studying the irri- e
gation of this country., We have ; rep-- .
resentatives from - Washington here ..
and coming here. We have to educate:
them before we send them. here., No .-'
university j or college in the land edu- "• .'
cates. men with regard to forestry and' %
soils and plants. Our, men are ¦ up and :'.,'
down these beautiful -valleys of yours v
'now, and before ¦ the' President > came :,
he saw to : it that ¦ his : scientists were
here working in your interests."
PARADE PHOBLEMS ARE DEBATED.
Continued from First Page.
after the party had started, however, and
then she drove quietly to the train, where
she remained until the President ; re
turned. In the meantime, however, she
came out upon the rear platform, to the
great delight of the crowd which quickly
gathered, and looked around on the peo
ple and the streets and', the surrounding
country while she bowed and smiled her
thanks for the enthusiasm which her
presence had caused. "¦ "v r .',-:
Drive Through Parks.
The drive wa3 through the gardens and
parks and orange groves that make of
Redlands a small corner of paradise.
Down Orange street and under the arch,
through the library grounds and then up
over the hill to Canyon Crest Park was
the route of the drive, and it was followed
to the last turn, with a short run off the
line to let the President sec the Lawton
place, the farm owned by General Law
ton, who was killed in the Philippines.
Canyon Crest Park is perched on the
top of a long ridge that once was bare
of anything but the «:haparral. That was
a few years ago. however, but since then
It has been transformed into- a mountain
park of unrivaled beauty, with -winding
roads and interlocking branches, flowers
of every hue and kind and all in almost
tropical profusion. It Is owned by A. K.
and A. H. Smiley, but it practically be
longs to the town, for all I the Smileys
have In Redlands Is unfenced and inviting
and the people. of the town ride or drive
or roam over it as they^ill. ;
1 The park is on the ridge which forms
one wall of the valley, and opposite It Is
the San Bernardino range. Lying just at
the foot of the ridge is the town, and
then behind are the grim old peaks San
Bernardino and Old Grayback, both
reaching up into the regions of perpetual
frost and both with their rugged old
heads crowned with snow and gleaming
white in the sunlight. It was a sight that
the President paused more than once to
feast his eyes upon "and which called forth
comments that would have driven the
townspeople delirious with joy had they
heard them.
Redlands Proud of Programme.
The people of Redlands prided them
selves upon their programme. They had
everything figured down to minutes and
so when the party, left the hotel for the
drive twenty minutes ahead of 'time the
committee of arrangements held a jubi
lation and began to speculate on the
chances of a speech after the President
had returned to the train. Nor were they
disappointed. ' ...
He got to the "train at fifteen minutes
to 12, and for. most of that time he stood
on the platform and bowed his acknowl
edgements to the crowd's greeting. And
then the people began to crowd closer
and closer until one, more daring than
the others, stretched forth his hand and
the President leaned over the railing and
grasped it. At once there was such a
waving of hands as would have started
a cyclone and the President grasped them
all, regardless of color or cleanliness, ase
or sex. ...
Then there were cries for a speech, not
loud ones, for the committees had drilled
into the people that It was hopeless- but
there was a wild cheer when the Presi
dent stepped forward to the railing to
speak. And he did say a few words that
set the townspeople cheering as they had
not cheered before, for he said that for
a town only twelve years old. it was the
best he had seen in his travels. He said:
"My Fellow Citizens: I have already
spoken at some lenjrth to a great as
sembly of my fellow-citizens in your
beautiful city and I appear r.ow only
for a.moment that I may express not
• ¦
voices as far as possible. It .will also an
swer; as an artistic decoration? and a'pro
tection from the weather. -'•..--: *y"i
In front of the speakers' , platform ; and
at a, slightly lower elevation 1 is the repor
ters'-stand. Seats /will be placed for 100
correspondents and artists 'from the dif
ferent newspapers. ," Their position. is such
that they will have '¦ a view; of ;. the entire
oval. .'¦..,- ¦¦.¦•.;v f ,: ¦ •¦¦;¦: /
¦ NorthT of the guests platform and -on
the right of the President the. members of
the graduating class: will .be seated. In a
like position on the President's * left, will
be the faculty. ¦¦ ¦' . ," -; ¦;,;;- - - ¦', ¦..¦-:¦¦
: The President's party, guests.' faculty
and graduates ; will occupy, chairs 130U in
number. In, front of them will be benches
to seat about 5568. , Back ' of the benches
will be the bleachers,' which -will. hold 2000
people. •'.- The "rooters," 500 in number.-wJll
occupy the bleachers, i, wnttne north, just
outside of the main oval, .will be the band
stand. .,¦¦ ¦/-.'. - 'i .-•• ¦-'"¦¦•'''.¦ •.*•' • r-'-t ¦."..' . ¦¦.-*¦
. ; j Seats for; 9000 Peopled ¦*- /
The. grand stand, benches, and 'bleachers'
will seat together 8868 persons. :• .-.;;,:;¦
;• The main entrance .will: be at the south
of the i oval and the students' entrance at f
the north. -The gates will be divided into
small alleyways, each; leading to'a 1 certain:
section. Ushers at , the entrances will see
that the v people : -are started Uo ward '.the
section for which they hold -tickets and
the alleyways will simplify handling -the
crowd:? '., . ."¦.: irl v : 'i'yiV.^v;v/--i:
The ' scheme of seating < was planned ; by
Professor W. E. Magee 1 and i drawn; by -J.l
H. Stutt of the civil -engineering depart
ment. The committee inrcharere-oi-com-.'
mencement ' day exercises; consists of -the
following: Professor -Frank Soule,* chair
man; Professor W. tE..<Magee, seating;
Captain Henry de* H. ; Waite, ; order; ! Pro-'
fessor Edmund ..O'Neill i arid Professor.' J.^
H. Senger,; music ;-B.s R. :Maybeck,*G.-,T.
Winterburn and Professor.W. A,Setchell;
decorating. , ¦ / ' v-,- '¦'.¦¦.¦'¦¦¦ . ¦' '¦¦:• -<• ¦¦•••>
In case of rain the exercises. willbe hold
in the 'Harmon ;gymnaslum,iwhichvwiU
seat about 2500 people. "„ • ,-.. ,-,• . .„¦, -
The committee in charge : of decorations
has decided to ask the citizens to wear a
badge of ' the 'committee's ; design: This"
badge .will consist of a: rosette; of national^
colors worn on the left shoulder. Attached
to .the rosette will be six- long streamers,'
two .each of red, white and- blue.. , This
design • has been adopted, as. the' official
Commencement day^badee: . ¦ , . . . •-.
. Center' street, from .Berkeley .station" to
the university: grounds will-be elaborately
decorated. The' plans are not fullv.per-,
fected; ' ' ' ,••¦-:¦ . -• ¦:¦;
.' . The decorating • committee has charge
also of. the commissary.. A large tent
will be erected on the campusln which the !
soldiers who accompany. the President will,
be-glven luncheon.- This 'committee con
sists of. Anson Blake, chairman: B. R.
•Mayb'ecjc. G. T. "VVinterburn* Professor. M.
-W. ' Haskelli i J. " J . Mason,' H : W. : Taylor
and.Professor. A.'O." Leuschner. • , ..-
The . children of the ¦ Hillside School In
the Scenic Park will decorate the two
blocks of chains' alonsr the terrace on
Hearst avenue with - pink ivy geraniums.
President McKinley will -be driven. along
this street to President f "Wheeler's resi
dence. • ¦ ' •
VALLEJO'S- WISH
NOT YET DENIED
Claims of Navy-Yard City
\-~Laid Before the Presi
,dentand3ecretary.Long
President, McKinley has not yet refused
the -request of the residents of \ Vallejo
that he visit the navy-yard town. The
question was broached to the chief magis
trate yesterday at Los Angeles, and It will
receive due consideration. ¦ .
Much as he desired to view the Pacific
Coast naval station, he Is at a loss to find
time for the visit, but will seize upbn'any
opportunity offering for a trip: to the
navy-yard. - . • ; . . v '
Secretary of the Navy Long:, • However,
will not leave the coast without paying a
vlbit to the yard and so informed 1 those
who presented .Vallejo's- claims to him
and lo the President. 1 -; ' - ¦ !
HAYWARDS' WISH
TO BE GRATIFIED
School Children to Have
Chance to See the.Presi
dent, as Train Passes
• The request made by the people of Hay-'
vards that! the : Presidential ; train .be
slowed down as it passes the Haywarda
depot on the morning of the 20th has been
granted.- Ma.nager ' J.^ A'. Fillmdre - of ,the
Southern Pacific,' to. whom .the .request
was submitted, • has • decided after . caref ui
ccnslderation ' that there, can be no,objec
tion'to so r/nght an interference. with the
original time schedule, and he stated 1 that
the wish of the Hay wards people will be
gratified. " t . '¦ ; '•:-¦ "
Plans will at once be perfected at.Hay
wards, making - the convenience of the
school children the chief object -of: atten
tion: The children will ; be, drawn, up along
the railroad track near the depot or prob
ably seated on - tiered 1^ seats^erected close
to the track! . They will be, provided with
flags and Dalm branches to- wave a -salute
to the President as the trainmo.ves.slow
ly past them, and with flowers to cast on
the platform at his feet... , ..¦¦ - ¦ ¦ u
THOUSANDS GREET PRESIDENT
IN SOUTHERN METROPOLIS
5
:¦ What ' is wanted oT soap
for the skin is to -wash it
clean and not hurt ; it.'
Pure /soap does; that. ':: This i -
v is why we watit pure soap;
and ; when we > ' say jpure^;
¦ .we .? mean without alkali.
gears' is pure; no free
alkali; There 'are a thou-
sand' Virtues of soap ;¦¦[ this
I orie ; is enough. You can ¦
y- trust a ? soap that has : no?
$ biting^ alkali; in; it". - ' , ; ¦
I ; All sorts of store3',sell it, espcciallyv
v ; druggists; ali sorts of people use itl .
••¦ 1 '' : ' ;;^?^'>?.!.?®P-V'
l^^^^^l^f Ifleeii Days
. ; » Grin-SoiTcnt" dissoives Strlctnre like nrjow. b*'
neiith ' tho . sun. reduces = Enlanrcd ¦ Prostate ant
"trcnsrUiens tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains a-4 .
li'mUbkms In fifteen Days. . *\ .•.---¦ •• ' ••'•¦ ¦•"; "
:.?So (lnip:to mm tho stomach, bnt > direct load.
_n<i poslilre application to tbe entire urethral tnict.
* Gran-Solvent .Is not n' llqnidw It. is prei.aredjl*.
< the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and dezlBl* .
. cud so narrow us to paa» t lie closest Stricture. ; -: '
.i Every Man Should; Know' Hirn^lf. ;£ .>
»• rneStl Jarnes -Asin^ISox'sM. Clnclnhatl/o'ihM':
Ipreiiared at itretit exi>cnsc an exlianM- Pripfl;
yProlllu«tniU!d:Trcatl*e}i|Min the male LULL |
' >VKiem; which itb«y;vrlllsuud ? io « n y,rnttl
ST? lAMFSA^^V' > 25 ° ELM5T.S
01. JAJ1C J AO Jllij -. Cincinnati, Ohio.
"' ' * '.. * " " - " •- ' •' - x ' KTllWff^*rWIJiW^ff*^MXftf>^^g»^t»»WlfP
t ¦• r '••¦'".'.•. '•'¦„¦ I 't * - ' - ¦ * ¦ ' ¦ ¦
, ' „ '• v ¦ v'. : . ' ¦ « . ADVERTISEMENTS.
A r 1 ¦& I ¦ n _P| N _F|| AT B-TF A H ~'_B I'-'H W% fh I 111 The great' multitude take this remedy
'" I'lnll'l' L'l %w ! I ¦¦ I HII Bl U \f SLJ9 il § without any other advice than the dircc-.
¦ I ll\l|j'l*P I I _r\ E II I g w\- llfS _t_4 Hfl J^k OB EA 1 t!ons t0 be found upon the bottle and in
WlVl I iLfiJP III I in^ ewi£MBB tt%?l llciai the Pamphlets.. There arc those who
• "-.'¦¦:•- ¦ .^ • ¦.>- ¦;.>:: .< prefer, however, to correspond with Dr.
:--.'.' ...X ' .¦"--."•-? '-.. -', - - ¦' ' y . -¦ — : — , • Hartman during thtir sickness. ' To all
'__' Vv ' *' ; • n "TY» : t> • i W '¦•:¦¦' : '""such he* will make prompt 'and careful
Thanks >Peruna: for His Rapid Recovery = i5r^T^S e o f iMs?M
:*;. •. • ¦• . . . __,'. ¦ '¦• ¦¦• "• - • yL ¦'.. ¦ i ., . - • ' .who ' was . for ' years Superintendent of.
• rTTITTI " I iJlT51TPh- Schools at Buffalo, in a letter dated Octo-
- ¦¦¦:/•-.• /."". Y ber 16. writes:
, - . - ... ' j ¦ ', **¦ • ¦. / ¦ f . . ¦ ta ™^^^-^ ¦ upon t ri(? iiiUcLiucu mucous \ mem uran™(
'.; ¦;. ';'.¦¦"¦' ".' . . ¦* . . ' v. thus removingithe cause of catarrh.
EX-UNTTE0> STATES MARSHAL MA,TTHEWS OP MISSISSIPPI. caton^s ! %sMnt£ltr ihS'lSSe^er?:
' '-¦,¦- " ' ' • ' ' '" '. '¦'""'•¦ where. The remedy that will cure ca-
' ,. Hon.' S. S. Matthew-3. ex-United States Marshal of Mississippi, in. a recent tarrh in one situation will cure it In ail
1 letter to The Peruna Medicine Company of Columbus, Ohio, written from Hazel- situations: ; -
hurst Miss.' says: /- f - ¦¦ ¦ ¦ . If you do nof derive prompt and satl3-
. ¦ . . v* ' ¦ »•• ' ¦ , - -¦ ' • ;;>•¦' •«,."/. factory results from the use of Peruna.
"/ am happy to say that / am cured- of catarrh and , need no more write at once ta Dr. Hartman. givins a.
attention from you. It is ji graat satisfaction that I am able to write you S^'SSS 1^ A^.fite I™ ""
that 'Peruna has in my caie ddne^all thai you claim, an'dthat I will n 3 ed vl^ d^ ls Dr ,. H artman. President, or-
no more medicine." ' . ' ,. . The. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
I ¦" ¦.-'¦'- .- - ,' : ¦ ..- -
g .Just a little better B
I than any other train sj
g —a little better service— g
n a more homelike fcj
% feeling on the
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
« than you find elsewhere, a
I and It runs like thts ¦ E
I LEAVES SAW FRAWCISCO |
19 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun 1
ARRIVES CHICAGO |
2.15 pm Thtir Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed £
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO 9 .
V-'OW THE I
.SAPFE J
CALIFORWi H0RTHIESTER5 RT. cfe
' . S LESSEE .
SAN; FRANCISCO AND K03TH PACIFIC
railway company:
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market S%.
San Francisco : to San Rafael.
WEKK DATS— 7:30, 3:00. 11:00 ~ a. m.; 12:33. -
3:30. S:1C. 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trls
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5*
and 11 :30 r». m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:3t>
- 6:i'0. s.-M z>. m. BBBaJBH^HBH
San Uatael t» Ban Franelae*.
WEKK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20. v n:10 a. m.; 12:«v
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturday!— Extra trips at l:a*
' and 6:33 p. m. - ,» . ,.
SUNDAYS— 8:10.4 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
5 ;C5. 6:23 p. in. -'
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen P%rk
same schedule as above. . <• -;;•-- ______
"Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San'Franclsco. f April 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ~^ I Sun- j Week
Days. I dars.' | Destination. 1 days.: | Days.
7-30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pml 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm tt:2» am
¦ 5:10 pm| S :00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton. • ' ¦-_•
7-30 am '•¦'. Windsor. - 10:25 am
5:00 pm ! H<*aldsburjr. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:S0 pm 8:90 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
. 7:30 ami 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
.3:30 pm) 8:00 ami and Uklah. 1 7:33 pml 6:20 pm ,
7:30 ami j lft:«t amllO:25 am '
I 8:00 amf Guerneville. 7:35 pmt '
3:30 pml 5:00 pmt • | 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:C0am( Sonoma 9:13 ami 8:40 am
. j • and - . ¦ J >
5:10 pm 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen." t:C5 pmt 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8.-60 ami - - . - 110:40 amllO:^ am
8:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. 1 ,7:3* pm| 6:30 pm^
Staees connect ad Santa Rosa for Mark West ,
Springs and White? Sulphur Sprinss: at Fulton
for Altniria: at Lytton for Lyttan Springs: a»_
OeyservlUe for SkagK* Sprrn!?s: at Cioverdal<»
for the Geysers; at Hopland .for Duncan
Springs. Highland Pprtnjrs. - Kelaeyvlil-. Car!*- >•
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport ami Bartlett
Springrs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring?. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter .
Springs.' Upper Lake.' IJomo.-- Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley"s. BucKnHls.
Sanhedrln H-iKhts. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. ' Mendoclno City.' Fort-BragK. WmI-
. port. Usai. Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins. .
; Bell's 'SprlnKS. •- Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. , Scotia
aDd Eureka. • - -
1 ¦ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at r»- :
1 dnred rates.. •• ¦ . • '-¦¦ . • "
•¦ On Sunday round .trip tickets to atl point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*. ¦ ' . •
Ticket Office— 650 Market Street. Chron'.cl* ¦
Building. '
. h. c. whiting! . • n.. x. titan. ;
.. Oen., Manager. • , Gen. - Pa«». A«t. -
/^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispcnsarj-,
' ift^/SfcSl ®^® HEABXY ST. Established
«W_J^jBain IS54 for the treatment «>f t'rK»t«
Sal / V MSB lMrtrasf«. lost M-nti(N>d. D»-biiitv or
8W_t__^S5j* ( Ii s *"as** wearinstmi body nml ihIiki aii<t
DisciiSiCS. Tlie I>octorctireswti«-n
_^_^®JMr>thprs fail. Try him. rliarKt-s low.
*>£_£BK«__H'iire« jcnarnnlfrd. Oill or writ*
l>r. J. *". *i I ORO.V. Uaii Frauciscc. Cut
ni rr n'nif I 1 ' Corner fourth "and
'I*A'LL UIIVAI. '.MarkeOto ..F - lry
I llrr Kill ill our SP««»i Brew.
.•»•¦•:¦• .*,"•.* ¦• -¦ 6c. ¦ Overcc3rtsr«nvl.
' ¦ ' . valises cbe^.kej fr««.
'DR. CROSsilAN'S SPECIFIC MiXTURL
For « the *'eure -ot GONORRHKA. GLEETS. ,
STR1CTUHE9, an.! analocc.ua cumplalnu of LtM
Orpun of Generation. ' - ' • '
" , Price Jl n »>ottlc».-. For *al» by dn:zs!sts.'
Weekly ball $liOOBGTTe_ir'
TRAVEL. j
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* !«•«%«» mitl «r« «!«••• lo nrrltrx •»• *<
" NAN . rilAN«:iN«O.
' . ¦ (Main Line, Foot of .Market Street)
' leav-e ,— ;-:.' Fnbu ZTut S. 1901. . . — «hivi
1 ::;<»* Benicia., Suiauii, Kltnira. VainiUe,
Uuui«ey au<l aacraiueuto *i5Sp
1:30a Difis, Woodland. KnlgUti L»idlnf,
" , . MaryBTille, oroflll«_. ............ 7x3»p
7>SOa AHaiiti.'. Kxpress— Ogden and J-uat I2:a3p j
. 7:i»OA l'ort « ost<, Al»rii-cz. Kresno, Han- ' I
ford, ViwlU, Vorttr.Ue. 4s33r
- ' 8:OWa Maiiiiiez-.^KU Uiiiuiu, Vullcjo. Na;i»,
' - '- ' C'alUti)gaand.S»nUL Kusa....: «:23r
8:OOa Kile*, riiMS^nton, liiTenuorr, Strek* ._ .
:-'-' ton, Fresno, HanforJ, V:n«li*.
• • lVrterriJli v:...; ":23p
S:3UA Sbanta Express— UsTis. WUI> ms (fur .
, Uartlett Springs), Will. TtB, Red
Bluff. Portland .."... :....' 7:33r
BiJtftA San ..lose, ¦ .-iilferinore, ¦ Stucktun,
V t .-.*.'. : Ji»ne, • hacrai>irnu>. Tla -i»ui«.
' ": Jl»rys»lll«. Cliicii. It. .1 1; ,ir ; 4:23r
8i3»a OakiUIr, Cbintse (Ycso .niiej, tio-
-¦¦¦ nora. Carters. 4:2»p
;. .. U:»Ot H»yw«rU». Nilrs'Ud \V iy Station*. I 1:33a
!I:O«a Loa 'Angelea Fziirosa — S1»rtiiiezr .
1 . Tracy, Lath" p. ti «< .« tnu, Jleroitl -
Fresno ¦>ul Los Angeles .: 7:23p
U::tO« Vallcjo, Marlins mui Way Stations »:>13t>
l«:««ATh«OTeilaua.Jinite«l— Ogdeu, Don-
- ' • Ter, Uiuaha. Oiicago.. i «.n3p
tl:OnpSiicrxiiinnti>lti>«r»ie«Mi»n... f3tO»A ,
3:3<»p Hnywards, Nilt-saud Way Htatloiw. -' 7:33p
•liuop lieuicia. Winters, Haciamculo,
WiMjillnml, ¦ Knlulits -' JjlinJIng,
M«ry«»llltvOr,>fill«.:.......;.X.. IO:S3.*.-
4:«Op Marline/., . Shii lUinon. V»llejo. .
¦-Nairn. «JallMtoK». Suntii liom ».a3%
4K»Op Nile», LiTcrmore, Stockton. Lo<U...' l» 5-1a
4:Hi>r lliywatds. KiivM «an.li»«r, Ur.rtuortJ t^-^A
-' 3:«Ok Tim O»rl IJiuit-od— Tracy, btficktun,
- Fresmi, JUkersfieM, . Saugus fur
i ' Santa Harbara; l.os Angeles ...... S:53.t
JiOOp New Orleans ¦ EipreBS — Baktrsile d.
Loa Angsles, - 1> ming, El 1'aso, '
" '•'. New Orleans and East 7:35a
5:O«»rYo3emlte..... -... 7:33a
'-, (liOlif Hay narua, Wiles ami Han Jose. . .'.:'. 7-3>»
f«:O»p Vutiejo. ..:... ....... .v.::.:... ...... 1 1:»»\
V <>:Ol»i- Oriental Mail-Og»leii,-Obejeuue.
•' Oinalia, Chicigo. .-.".... ia:Slp
8:00i> Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver.)
' . Omaha. Chicago ...' 4:23r
' 7:OWp Oretfon aud OalifomU Kxi'rnss.Nna-
. ¦ ruin<-iiU. MBrjHville. KmMliiK.
IVrtlHii.l. r.ignf, Sii.iml mill Krnit Ss-ISa
«:«5p San Psb'.o. l'-rk (Junta, Mirtiaez -
:'• - a».l Way rttstions..;.. ; ; I1:.V»4
l»:05p Vallfjir.. 7:3.->r
COAST LINE (.N*'rron «imi R e>. -* - .
¦ ,V (foot ot Market. Street.* j
t7i»^A Siut* Oiuz Uxcun oj 10 ,-**t.ta ciux
and Priuc p*l W«y Stati >ns JS:Oi>r
1 8:15* Newark.(,Viit.<;itiIlt-..San.l(»(«.F.lt»ii. . •
. ' : li()iil<lerCli'ek,SaiiUOnizaii(lWay
btaUimii.. .'....: :.'..:... ..•.........". 3=5«»p
t«i 1 5p Newark. OenterTtllo. San .r..se, New
- . ••¦' Alinailon. Ki-llim, ItnuUlor l.'reelf.
' . ShiiU c;mz an<l 1'rincipal Way
- ,-[¦¦¦ 8WU011S.V............. ...'.... 1I««!»»A
. 4:I3r Newark, Ssn Jose. Lo« Gatps..... { jiS^Si
CREEK 1 ROUTE FERRY.
fromSJN riUNdlSCO— root of Msrktt Stre.i (Sii? 8)
t7:16 . 0:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 ' 3:00 : B:1Bp.u.
rroraOUUHfl— ftti •(8ia»aw»j.-}ii:U0 t8:00 tS.-OS
1U:00*.m.-; 12:00 .' 3:00 t:30l-.»l. - ,- ¦
COAST IjINE (Hro«.l Vang*).
4 (Third and Townaeml HUt.)
". 6:I«a Hau Joseand Way .M.tious... H::t<ip
<7:OOa Han JoHe hiiiI ,W»y SULioi.d.... .... I>:iOp
17:;I0a Sunday Excursiou for 8»n "J.fe. ".
. ... k«i tv.l'ruic.._P..cific.,Giofe and :
.' Piincipol V/aj Kutioo*.... ....... J8i30r
DilhSin ,JtMie. Tres I'lnns. Mantil «;n«, • " '?. •¦¦
>' ; PkMiic ' «.'ri»»», ralin<s Han l.oit
'' ' Obtspo aiiit Principal 'atsraixdUte
KtnMons .....•....-.:..... 4:tOp
1O:HOa San Jose and W»y Stations. 7.-3«r
/I»:Siia Nan Al..i»a e i>.. ..:..... / 3:Sfll
. I IsitOA .Shii -lose Kinl Way ,NUli»ii!t ........ .. SiUMp
12: 1»P San MatM>, Uedwnoil. Menlo Park,
" 'Palo Alto. Hants. Clan.' San. liw«,
' Tres Finos. HhiiU Crux, Salinas,
- - Monterey him! Pucllie «:r»Te f|O:43A
? a:SO P Han Jose and Way Htxtlons ;....... 6::i»A
MilSl'HaiiJoseaiKl Principal WayHtattons U:IT*
. t3:OUpSan Jose, Loe Gatos aud Principal'- - -
.-W»y Stations.. .:r..-.......:....^:.1»sOO».
.¦»::jUpHan.li >s «.iiii.lPriucipHl\VHyStaMoiis 8:35 a
Oi«Op Redwo d, San Jos«. Gilr y/ Saliuas,
¦ . Santa Karrmri, Lot Aiigrles......" 10:03a
* 6:O0p Del Monte. Monterey, Pacific OroTe,
't?*i>.-s- . . Loinpoo ,-.....: .....: IOsOSa
«::i<ipSvi.lust:aii<l WayfltaM.ms..". J«=«»A ¦
all;4BpS»u.IoaKin»l Way Stoti»ns. .....:..- 7:3Oy
-.'• A for Morning. .,'--' "- 1* for Afternoon. .
t Hiiinlay eicepmd. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. • . /Tuesdays and Fridays.
Santa Fe
Trains--Daiiy.
.'¦ Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.-..
. .-V; 1 I Local Llm'd Ovrldl I^ocal -
';.. 1 5| Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.*-
Lv.. Fan Fran 7:20 a 9:00a 8:130 p 4:10 p
•Ar. -Stockton. 10:23 a 11:43 a 11:OS p 7:25 p"
;.'•_ .Merced".*. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15a :.......
•• Fresno IV. 2:20 p 2:3."i p 3:03 a
'.•'.Hanford' 4:22 p ; 3:27 p 7:06 a ......,.;
.••-Vl.«alla;.1 4:10p ,4:1(1 p '4-45 a
" Tularo»...t 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:03 a . :.. ;;:r-
•' Bksfleldy. 6:50 p 5:20p.| 7:30a ......V.
;'• Kan City.!........ 2:41 a I 7:30 a .....:77l
' .'* ; Chlrago. .l......:.| 2:15 p | 9:00 p ..../...-,
a lor mornlriiJ. p for afternoon.
,: 9:00.al'm."train"l'» the California Limited.
¦- Carrying ;ralaee; Sleeping Cars and Dinlns'
.Cars through to • Chicago. .• Chair : Car . runs
\ to. Bakersfleld- for accommodation of* local
¦¦ first-class > ¦ passengers. , No ..5«*cond-cla8s*
- ! tickets ;aro" honored on • this train. ¦ Corre-
.•s,ponding-train.arrlvea.at.r»:5 r .*p.' m. rlaily.
"'•••4:20 p. m."'H' Stockton '.Local.- Correspond-'
ine-train arrive^ At' 11:03 «.- m.'. daily.*
: 8:W p. ,m.: is: the ; r »vprland .Kxpress. with
¦ through 1 Palace . nnd • Tourist Sleepers } ami
. free: ; Reclining V Chair Car. also
Sleeper.' which cuts out at'- Fresno. -¦- Corre-
' sponrling ' train nrriv»<« nt ¦ 5:5.V. n? • m/' dally.' :
-if. 7:2ft a.-m.:.ls~B"iker!»n>l«l ,L<vraI. storiplnjj i
at all. points ii>. San Joanuin Valley.- Corre-;
'. spordlntc * traip ' nrrivrs a t ' S:40 ' r.i in."- dally.' 5
. •Oiflces^-Wl-^arket .strcet-nnd in Perry
. Dpnot.'. J-'an ; Francisco; ¦ ' 1113 :' . Broadway,
-Oakland.' ." . -. ¦" . !.. .
. _ . '¦ ¦
,-; BAILWAY. TRAVEL. '
¦ of^Conveniences
:'; . Burlington tourist sleeping-
cars v have all sorts of con-
. veniences — i Pintsch gas,' toilet:
rooms, j marble 'wash-basins, ;
high-back , seats, double win-
dows, a heating range, for
making tea and coffee, and :
tables lo write on or to use at *
meal time. ¦ / •' \
I ':''• They jeavc Los Anj'eles,' Mondays and
Wednesdays; San Francisco, Tuesdays and
¦ ' ' Thursdays — Omaha.
I , I Chicago, Kansas City, .
Sf Louis— EVERY-
, WHERlfeast. ' ~ -. I
'¦ (Tickets and berths ,.
' I at 631 Market Street ¦ ] '¦* :
W. D. Sanborx. "- '
I '-'' '¦-•-¦ -- •• I :¦ •— , . . Gen'l Agent, '
.... .>• ~~~^T r, ¦ ..i ; , ; . -f _ -.. ;'_ ;.,.; . s -v ¦: : (. ¦• ;
\cHIGAGG:-\
in LESS "«">:
THREE DAYSl
! ;San in-ancisco At 10/A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& Vorth'WesternLine:
TTSOU'BLE Drawing-7(oom \ Sleeting.
I J Cars; Buffet, '.Smoking and Library;
: ~"^-'\Cars, with oarbtrl' Di-ing Car*—': :
meals a li carte. "Daily '¦ Tourist :.'- Car
Service \ and Personally .Conducted^ Ex-
cursions every" tr/ir/b from- San • Francisco
at 6 p.m.- The best of even-thing. :
'¦"¦',' ; ..'•' «» It. RITCHIB,:,- '
gff Market St. .. -General Agent JPaeifle Cbast
. .;- - - Palaee Hotel . BAN FRANCIiCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAJLROAD.
• .. ¦ -¦•:• : .Via Sausalito/Ferry. ./
V, Comnicnclnsr 'April "28. '1901. ¦'-'• ' .
FROM SAN FRANCISCO 'TO MILL, VALLET
>.-.-./•¦' -AND'SAN'RAFaKL. .
vWEEK 1 ' DAYS— 6:65, ••' 8:30, ; *9 :30,j lliCO ¦ a. ' m.,
cl2-45.*l:<3,' 3:15. 4:15, B:15,*6:15. C:43f p. m.'. ¦
EXTRA .TRIPS— For Mill v Valley. «nd San
Bafael on ¦ Mondays, • Wedneidays, • Saturdays.
and'Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 D.-rn.:,-.- >>-.:,
SUNDAYS— 7:00,' 8:00. »9:00. *10:00.' 11:00, 11:30
a m..-l2:45. •1:20.-2:20. «3:45, 5:00.' 6:00. 7:33 p. m.-
11:00 a." v in.'- does' not run to San Rafael Sun--
• Vralns • niarked ; (»)'run to SantQue'ntln: '" '
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— •5:25.,» 6:27," 7:47. '8:35:00:13
a. v in.,'»12:25."l:15, 2:20, .*3:33. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. \
¦ - EXTRA TRIPS . on . Mondays. , Wednesdays
and Saturdays nt 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.' -
¦ SUNDAYS— 6:15. »8:00. 9:43. •11:00 a. m.. »12
m... 1:00. 2:15, f3:30, .4:30, •5:43. 6:43,«7:3U. 10:10,
p.-fn:.' 1 '. .v --¦¦"- .',' ¦. .' ';• •"• . :•• ¦ '
-. Trains marked ' (•) start' frorh SanrQuentln."
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
v WEEK V DAYS— 5:4.V 6:43.-' 7:33, f 8:55. c 10:30
a: m.. 12:33. 1:45. 3:S0, ? 5:10.; 5:20 p. 'm.v> •
.' EXTRA'»TRIPSi. on ;: Monday?, Wednesdays
and'Saturdays^at .7:10 and '10:25 p. ' m. :- <fP44/*-t
< SUNDAYS— 6:33. '8:00, 10 :a r ., 11:10 a." m.'.» 12:13.
;i:20, 2:30.' 3:4r..'.r.:C0.- 6:13, .7:15. 10:30 p. m.'
- - -'¦¦-/ '-..THROUGH 'TRAINS. : ." \
¦6:55 : a.'m. week days-^Cazadero'and ; waysta-
t lon».' r f.QMI>W' B P \ M >> <mi9>*^gtt tr > »TiiW'ftv&? fcJjJWjsS
\ .3:15, p. m: .Saturdays— Cazadero and way. ata-
tlons. fe^BypsSWSP'OBSipwWB^ffi'JHfflteBWS'ijS
l'= 5:13 r- ni.'- week, days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalesjand ¦•way,i?tatlons..-.y . ¦=- :....- •¦>¦-¦ ;
I n. 8 a." m/ Sundays— Cazartero ' and ' way stations. .
I V- 10:00 r a. - m. : Sundays— Point -Keyes- and way
' ttatlona.- ;•!?-': ¦"• r : :> rr'Ji... :'¦'¦'- -•¦¦-•* *! :":*'•¦••'-
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
: '¦!¦&'¦ 'l vl * S«a'i»Ulo Ferrj^-Poot of Mmrket St. . | • . -
LliVIIAN FRAN. -' ... . ;«R»IVC •«« FRAM.
¦¦¦:«:00 a:'m.S--; '•¦/ .'.•• ",: ',¦ - '.'~- ' f 12:15 p. m.:
9.-00A.-M. I '. ¦•'¦¦ ' kl:t5p.M..
?10:OOa:m.1 sUNDiYS- ! Ji3S«p.'M.'i
itixov.'u: \ . :.-. •• ' ¦ v .;ir «->) p.* m.".
,:230p.M.J '. ' , •-.. - .1,7:10p.m."
EtisjiiK Vnra. S»o Franeli«» V Summit »n«t Rftnrn. $1.40 'iii;..j^
j. Ticket Offices; 6^1 Murket St.7&SansalUo Ferry..
: : :/ :: : v. ¦¦¦v. : '¦'¦/¦:-• '¦'¦¦¦". ¦ ¦ /-¦' -A. local merchant^yhq because -of {his sporting pro
clivities has been'-; hauled; into' (^urt for. nqt?paying
his ; debts is dangerously^' neaT. being a * fit?- candidate
fortKe homer of rthe; feeble-minded: *: He says' lie- loit
his* jnoriey^on.a prize-fight,, _•¦¦! •'-• ¦'¦¦> '._¦¦ ' ; -;: ¦ ; ' ; V,
Decorate for \McKlnle7.
.30,000 rolls red, white and bluei crepe pa
per.' Immense colored < bust pictures •¦< of
McKinley on - stretchers. - Bunting.^ fes
tooning,-shields and flags for the million.
Sanborn;<Vall & Co., 741 Market street.: •
.-. . :— rr-»r* — — -.-. , . "
* It makes no difference how much a
-woman stuffs her hoy .before sending him"
with -his father's dinner, he always looks
starved when his father opens. the backet.
•- The President's Good Judgment;
¦President McKinley, and party/ after vjsmng
California.' wiU bo to the "Ran- American Expo
sition at Buffalo, and though, you cannot travel
on the-Presldentlal train, the comfortabietralns
of the Nickel Plate Road; enable you -to follow
his example.', with the assurance of an enjoy
able trip. \Nlcfcel Plate Dining Cars gerve Club
•Meals from _; 35 , cent* ;to'U "each.\iBook frea
showing i view3 .; of . Exposition • bulldlni*^. Jay
W. '.'Adams. '.P. C P. A.. 37 Crocker buildlns.
San Francisco. Cal. ": .
1 ¦ ' "- - . . . - — : — .*. *. '
..The ; blood will be poor so lon-r atf the'itoreach
shirks its duty. A half wineglass of Dr.Slegert's
Angostura 'Bitten before meals curesdyspepala.
The longer the European armies stay in China the
more likely it seems that they will never get away.
The country appears to be attractive, and Von Wai
denee knew what he was doing when he took a
h jtise along with him as a part of his military bag
gagt. .' / ¦
The*un fortunate fellow who stole in this city the
other day some brass^ with which to purchase food
purloined a commodity which certainly is' plentiful
among the light-fingered gentry whose ranks he has
joined. *
It is stated that J. Pierpont Morgan is a good, ama
teur singer; and now the country will regret there is
no possibility of his making a monopoly of it.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SltTMont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A CHANCE TO SMII^E.
Mrs. Crimsonbeak— You had better take
your overcoat with you to-night, dear."
Mr.'. Crimsonbeak — Are you going* to sit
up for m«: until I come home?
"Tea. John." .
"Then I think I'd better take my storm
cost."— Yonkers Statesman.
¦*,He sat In a- railway \ carriage and his
head was thickly covered with a mass of
very red hair. Near him sat a man with
a shining bald pate. He playfully ob
served: "I suppose you weren't about
when they dealt out, hair?"
"Oh, yes, I was," replied the bald-pated
gentleman; .."only they offered me a lot
of red hair, and I. told 'em to- throw 1 It
into the dustbin."— Tid-Bits. '
. She — You .know that "check for £3 you
gave me?" Well,' they refused to cash, it.
The teller said that. you only had £2 In
the bank. ,
He— By Jove, I'm awfully sorry, dear!"
She^ — Oh, it" was all right; 1 deposited a
sovereign- and then they gave me the
money.— Tid-Blts. • ..
"In- the denunciation scene you must
raise your hand to high heaven," said the
stage manager. . ' s. .'• '
"But If I do," protested .the leading lady,
"the calcium H%ht will not strike my dia
mond rings." -
Ah. we petty reople who merely pay ad
mission and applaud at the proper Inter
vals have no idea of the trials of a stage
career.— Baltimore American.
Choice candies, Townsend'3, Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Tovrnsend'a.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. We a
pound,' In flre-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market; Palace Hotel buiidlns-*
SPARRING FOR TIME.
ONE by one the Democratic factions are. bring
ing forward their leaders and recommending
them to other factions as better-fitted to play
Moses in 1904 and lead the party out of the wilder
ness than any other man; but just as rapidly as he is
brought forward does each : leader in turn make his
little bow to the public and scurry to the rear. -There
is not one of them who is willing to stand up and
meet the fight for the next three years. Each and all
prefer to remain unsung and unnoted for a time, evU
dently believing the victory js going to be to a "dark
horse. . • .. •• ' -.-'¦.¦'
Some v time ago Bryan himself announced in the
Commoner, that he* is not:a candidate for r renomina
tion. Then the -crowd turned to Tom L. Johnson,
who had just carried Cleveland on a municipal plat
form demanding three-cent , fares on street car lines.
Mr. Johnson w*as .roomed- quite '.vigorously for' ; a
while, but he rebuked the ardent. ,In a public letter
he declared an intention to devote himself strictly to
his duties' as Mayor for the next two years, and as
serted with emphasis he would no.t be a candidate
for the'goverriorship, or a United States Senatorship,
or any othe. office that is supposed to be a stepping
stone to the Presidential nomination. .,_
After that dechration from Johnson the Democratic
seekers cast thtir eyes upon David Bennett Hill.
That statesman had emerged from the . retirement of
his country .home., and; had in- organizing a
formidable opppsitipn to Tammany^all. It was be
lieved he was in the fight for the Presidency as. well
as for the blood of Cfoker, and, the clans 'began .0
rally, some for him and some , against him. For a
time it looked as if there might ;be. something 'doing
in that quarter, but appearances were. deceptive. '.-Mr.
Hill is as' war;'- as Bryan or Johnson. has de
clared himself out -of politics and announced He is
not a candidate. . - •'•
It is to be noted that in neither case dp the declara
tions go to the extent of asserting anything" more
than an unwillingness to be considered a candidate
at this.time for a nomination which as -yet is so far
off. Bryan said:- "If I ever be'eorrie a candidate again
it will be because it seems necejssary^for the advance
ment of the principles to which I adhere."- Of course
Bryan will be himself the sole judge of whether or
no the necessity exists, so that if he appear as a can
didate in 1904 he' cannot be charged with stultifying
himself.; ' i '• . - ¦'. .
- Johnson's statement goes no further than to. assert
an . intention to .confine himself to municipal "-busi-,'
ness for^the . next- two •years. After, that Mr -John- ;
son may: be acandidate. -:.Hill's declaratipn isequally
capable 'of. liberal construction two years frorn "now.,
He says : . "I \yill . state: further that I am not a'c^ndi
date ,for, ; the Democratic' Presidential, nomination ' in
1904. I am .neither, seeking the nomination nor," ex
pecting- it. I-regai-dfaU- suggestions ;of candidates; at
AT; the: recent memorial banquet of "the .Grant
Monument Association in' New York the most
notable address was that of Senator Chandler
oriJ'National. Hopefulness." The Senator is now '.'a
statesman out of a job" and it might have been ex
pected his defeat would cause him to take gloomy
views of the politics of the time; but his natural buoy
ancy and his confidence in^the people have saved him
from that evil. He dealt, frankly with each of the
perplexing problems: now before the country and
pointed out the methods by which they can be rightly
solved.
- Of the "trust' r problem which has been so perplex
ing to many he said: "As to the trusts. Tlie people
have them in their, own hands. Not a trust can exist
without corporations. No individual or partnership
of individuals can get together money enough. to make
a, dangerous trust.' 'They -must have the use di cor
poration organization. These organizations are solely
the 'creation of law. They. are made by the'Legisla
ture's,' and the Legislatures which make the'corpora
tions can limit their powers and can destroy the cor
porations if they see fit to .do so. . The. question as
to trusts is merely a* question' what the people will
finally desire. That they will"- desire to | prevent all
large associations of capital is not , probable.. That
they will be willing to let. incorporated trusts destroy
the principle of competition, which has been the life
of trade since the dawn of civilization, and. to permit
the suppression. of individual enterprises by. aggrega
tions of Wealth controlled 'by a ; few. men, with enor
mous fortunes, is ; possible. Either competition
or" governmental control; will be insisted ,upoh. --The
people have jnore votes than the trusts." '. ;' . ' " '
* Passing to a consideration of the government , of
cities,' which, is said, tc be the weak point in our sys
tem, he reminded, his. auditors that when corruption
in municipalities goes far the people combine against
it. Even in New York-City, where corrupt forces
are more ; strongly organized and niore securely- en 1
trenched • than anywhere else, • there are : now. ample
evidences ¦• that the 'intelligence arid morality !6f ths
people will suffice to" overthrow them at the coming
election.. f;V *>:^-V-v
The : so-called dangers of imperialism .-he; declared
to be wholly; imaginary. ','\- We are not at "all inclined
to^the; acquisition of territory" by' conquest; we will
not share in nor approve any partition of China; and
with .'the Philippines we "will 'deal as . seems ' best] to a
free. and justice loving .people.N.'Lei us, lie; said, be
cheerful arid hopeful.:/. The 1 great principle by I which'
we should be goyerne'd'is'this: the' people; can be
trusted. In the'lo'ng run elections vyjli be honest and
uncorrupted. . /This .most intelligent and freest of the
nations ' is not retrograding : nor degenerating.; Itiis
going forward-in'intelligence,"iri;public virtue and ii
religion:; \ -'. ¦ : • :; ;'' :
lOi,thp essential soundness of the-views .'of. the-Sena
tor there can be' no dispute." • They "are not too highly
coloredjby an, unreasoning optimism. 1 "On, the' cori
trary,they are torifeht'^n the- clear Avhite light of com
mon sense. It is true that after all there is' no 'politi
cal before;; the country ;that !> is not - inV the
Hands of the people.; Neither the" trusts nor the bosses
can . go . one step beyond •_ what the voters are 1 willing
to. tolerate ; • and V no- sane man : can 'believe >they will
ever'.be" so far,tolefated as to. enable j either; of them to
inflict any permanent injury- upon": the republic. " . .
NATIONAL HOPEFULNESS.
THE STATE AND IRRIGATION.
T j YDROGRAPHER NEWELL of the Geologi-
I — I cal Survey, who has greatly benefited the West
¦*• -*¦ by his observations, very naturally regrets the
failure of a State appropriation for irrigation work, to
be expended in conjunction with the Federal Govern
ment. Of course it is to be deplored that his excel
lent, useful and necessary investigation of our water
supply, waste and runoff of- streams must be inter
rupted, but it should lead to an improved condition
of things which, by economizing resources now non
productive of revenue and in process of waste, vvill
render both Federal and State /appropriations un
necessary.
If a farmer should let his fertile land go untillcd and
unproductive while he borrowed money to live on he
would rank as a very poor farmer and a very unwise
man. Common sense would take him by the shoulder
and command him to plow and plant and harvest,
and gain thereby the means of a livelihood. -• The
States in the arid West and the Federal Government
are exactly .imitating such a farmer. 1 They are per
mitting waste of the means which would amply pro
vide for hydrographic work, and are borrowing, or
trying to borrow, by forced loan from the taxpayers,
the money needed for that purpose. The rapidly
wasting estate is the public domain west of the ninety
ninth meridian, which has no other fit use except the
grazing of stock. It has made Multiplied /fortunes
for the men who have used it and never paid a cent for
its occupancy, and now its usefulness is in decadence
and its complete destruction is in sight by over
grazing.
As Mr. Newell knews, the disappearance of the
"Trasses from these ranges is increasing the aridity of
the region wherein they lie. The soil no longer ab
sorbs the rainfall, but is left' bare and exposed to high
evaporation. The water courses have lost their steady
flow and the deep springs their affluence. If these
ranges were made productive of revenue by compel
ling their users to pay for their use, and were pro
tected by a leasehold, their grasses could be' renewed
and their function in the conservation of moisture re
stored.
If they were so leased and the revenue derived from
the rental were applied to irrigation California would
receive from that source, at a maximum estimate,
$828,571 18 annually, and at a minimum half that
We do not need to assure Professor Newell that the
present generation and several of its successors will
have passed away before California and the Federal
Government' combined" will take out "of their treas
uries annually, for such purpose, even the minimum
sum which the range lea-.es could be made to produce
at once if- he and all i f .erested in the West and its
great problems would insist that these lands should
be leased and their pasture paid for.
Call -mbncrlbers contemplating a change of
re*ide-iee dnrlng; the inmmer monthi can ham
their paper forwarded "by mall to .their nevr
¦ddreasesi by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Thin paper Trill alao be on aale at all nu turner
resort* and Is represented by a local aeent ia
all towns ob the coast. ."'-''
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYDIG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
NIAGARA FALLS— Subscriber. City.
This department has not been able to find '
any record of any one having attempted :
to swim the falls of Niagara since Cap-'
tain Webb, lost his life in the attempt to'
do so. _;. - " ;
TYPEWRITER— Subscriber, Arlington,
Cal. To publish an answer to the question. .
you ssk about typewriters would be the
biggest kind of a free advertisement. Thl3
department does cot publish advertise
ments.
NATIONAL PARKS— S. H.. Coulter
ville, Cal. The Yosemite : National Park
and all other national parks are not open
to mining locations, timber cutting nor
homestead entry, as are other public
lands.
JERUSALEM— E. W., Fnesno, Cal.
There . was published some time ago a
statement to. the effect that many Jews
were ; .returning to Jerusalem, but there
was no statement that It was an unusual
Influx^ ..v ¦- -- , •-,..,..- , :r i »-.' n >VT
TO PROTECT AN INVENTION—Anx.
iou3 Inquirer, City. To protect an Inven
tion pending the issuance of a patent on
the same, an Inventor should obtain a
caveat from the Patent Omce at Wash
ington.
A caveat, under the patent law, is a notice
given to tbe office of the caveators" claim as
Inventor, in order to prevent the grant of a
patent to another for the same alleged inven
tion uDon an application filed during the . life
of a caveat without notice to the caveator.
Any citizen of the United States who - has
made a new Invention or discovery and de
sires further time to mature the same may, on
payment of a fee of ten dollars, file in the.
Patent Office a caveat setting forth the object
and the distinguishing characteristics of the
invention, and praying prots-ctlon of bis right
until he shall have matured hts Invention.
Such caveat shall be filed in the confidential
archives of the office and preserved In secrecy,
and shall be or>:rative for the term of one
year from the filing thereof. The caveat may
be renewed, an request In writing;. - by the
payment t>f a second fee of $10, and it will
continue in force for one year from the pay
ment of such second fee. - ¦ ' .
The caveat must comprise a specification,
oath. and. when, when the nature of the ca*e
admits of it, a. drawing, a-nd. Ilk* the appli
cation, must be limited to a simile invention
or lirrrovensent.
After' the filing, of such notice, the in
ventor should engage a reputable patent
agent, who will secure patent for
him. .' BMBSVBmHBMHMmI
CALTFOBKTAiNS HT WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON. May 8.— Tho following
Californians are in "Washing-ton ;„¦ At. the
Ebbitt— Mrs. Dyer. Mrs. R. Mlnutrn,
James W. Mlnturn, Ward B. Mlnturn. Cali
fornia. At the Shoreham— E. Carrigan,
San Francisco. At the Riggs— G. Frie3
erlch, Beatrice and Marguerite Friederich,
San Francisco.
CAI/irORNTANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 8.— The following
Calif oraians are in New York: Frtya San
Francisco— J. Frank, J. B. Halstead and
K J. Lawton are at the Herald Square;
F. B. Hutting is at the Union Square; Dr.
E. P. Halstead and I* Kalmon are at the,
Herald Square; B. . &I. Solomon is at the
Victoria. From Los Angeles— Mrs. No
lan Is at the Astor House. From Pasa
dena—C. Cawston and wife are at the Im
perial.
THE BUFFALO -EXPOSITION.
BUFFALO? opened her ! exposition . on time, but
"i she openedjit quietly, so as not to attract too
.;¦; close an- investigation into the extent to which'
she had kept her promise tpkuve it ready as.well'as;
open bn-Mayday.. It appears from our Eastern
changes the fair, like all 'other large expositions,- was'
on. the opening day- in^a Very incomplete condition.
The correspondent of the New York Sun- says of ; its
appearance at: the V opening.:' ,; "To-day the evidences
of incompleteness were offered by scaffoldings sur
rounding <fomes, ; minarets^and ' spires, by unpaved
streets and .walks, Venetian -* 'canals without water, r
gondoliers without gondolas^ Cairo streets whose peo
ple were still held in _ quarantine: in the East; a court
of. fountains which. did fnbti spout, sunken gardens
much in need of gardeners, and huge empty buildings,'
waiting the* installation of their exhibits." • i
. Despite the incompleteness, -Svhich was due largely
to the excessive rains that marked the month of April
all over thVEast," enough was^'visible. to the spectator
"on Mayday to render it .certain- the \ completed expo
sition wiirbeone of -the most attractive ever seen",
not excepting the wonderful .white, city at Chicago, or
the marvels of the great Parisian*; triumph of last year.
A notable, feature of the Buffalo' fair is the liberal
and artistic use made of color. The diiebvery^of a
method of making, staff hold paint ;has enabled the
managers of the present. exhibition t'o accomplish bril
liancies, of wall decoration that at the time of the.Chi
cago fair were deemed impossibilities" Full advantage
has been; taken of the discovery, and' it is 'said all
concessionaires were compelled to conform with the
color directors' ideas, arid even the s Government was
forced to repaint its building after a controversy, in
which a dull/gray yielded to a Spanish yellow. No
artistic effect. has been overlooked in the' design of
bridges, towers, esplanadej canals and (approaches.
The triumph of the Buffalonians, however, is to be
achieved mainly in the' electrical display. They have
all the power of Niagara to" draw "upon, and they are
making the most or it. 'Even in the present incom-*
plete state it is said that in the lighting effects"the
Pan-American surpasses all other expositions that
have ever been held. The power being ample,, the
electrical engineers connected with the exposition
were given a free hand to do what they could, and they
have been prodigal. It appears, then; we may account
this. as another American triumph; once -more we
have broken past" records and set a new standard in
the, way of. industrial expositions. ;
THURSDAY. .:.... .MAYv9, 1901
.. JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. , : "
Addrees All Oemm-uuMtiens t> W. S. LEAEE, Manager.
VVtilACAJClOX OFFICE. . .Mnrlcet and Third, S. V.
Telephone Prew 201.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS. .. . .217 to 221 SteVen-|O--| St.
¦ - .. 'Telephone Press 2O2. •
Delirered 1»t .Carrlern. 15 Cent* Per "Weelc^
'.' >- Stngrle Copies. 5 Ontii. ,'ir
Terms for Mall, Including Postage t
•1AJTLT CALL < r lncJu<J!n«r Sunday), oa« yuarli... t*.&>
CAILT CALIi Oncluflingr Sunday). « months.... >.00
¦DATXiT CALL. (Including Bunflay), J xnontlw..;.. 1-BO
DAILY CALL—By Single Month..".. ..;..........i.. «5«
WEEKLT CALL. One Year....*..................;..— -— — •• *-<*
All poitnaiten are nnthorlted to receive
; anbscrlptloitB. ¦ ; .*. -' . -
tats pie copies will be forwarded, when requested. .
M*n n-htwrn^n* . In pro«"Jinp . chane* of nMr*** ehonlfl V
rarticular to rr«* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request. . .
O AKLAAD OFFICES .1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KnOGXESS.
Ifanafer r«ni«B Adrertisiag, Kar(«etU Building, CMeag*.
, (Long DiEtance Telephone "Central 2619-") . ..
JfEW TOKK KEPBJESENTATTVE: . ; ; ¦ . ,
C C CAKLTOJT .".. .Herald Square
NEW TORE REPRESENT ATI V IS :
STEPHEN B. S31ITH . .SO Trlbnae Bmlldlasc
: NEW TORK NEWS STANDS: /
Waldorf-Attorla Hotel; A. Brentano, a Uoioa Square:
kJurrey H«» HcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDBt - ,
Eherman Eoose; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Eocse; Aaditorlum Hotel.
WASHTItCTOS CD. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., W. VT.
UOBTO!" E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
BRASCIl OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until S:SO o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. (33
McAllister, open nntll S:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
* SO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
urtll 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
rer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PERSONAL MENTION/
P.'W. Morse, a rancher of AVatsbnvllle,
is a guest at. the Palace. -
Mark B. : -Kerr, a inlntoz man of Grass
Valley.' Is at the Palace. He is accom
panied by his wife. ... , ¦.-.';.::
A."*B.-Spreckels; president of the* Board
of • Park Commissioners, returned to the
city yesterday from Paraiso , Springs.
S. C. Russell, a former director o£ the
Wabash road, arrived in the city yester
day from Toledo, Ohio, accompanied by
his daughter and Miss Nearin-?. They are
at the Palace. . <39S09tl"&GSf4
. President Charles M. Hays of the South
ern Pacific Company has rented the resi
dence of the late Captain Goodall at Mtrn
lo Park. He will shortly make the coua
try place his residence. .
Kx-Congressman Marion de Vries. , for
merly of California but at present United
States Appraiser with headauartera at
New York, is recovering , from a severe
illness. A dispatch from New York yes
terday stated that he is now out of dan
ger.
Mr. Henry T. Sloane of the firm of W.
& J. Sloane of New York and San Fran
cisco and the two Misses Sloane. with Mr.
A. C. Brown, a prominent attorney -of
New York, arrived by special car. yester
day from the Hotel del Monte. Mr.
Sloana and party are touring 'the Pacific
Coast, visiting all the points of interest.
They are guests at the Hotel Richelieu. .
ijfiis time as premature and' inadvisable. No one can
now tell,' what ( can or ought, to be done 'in '1904.5V- .-In
the meantime ; Democratic efforts/in my opinion,
sriould.be devoted to strengthening our lines and ob:
taining recruits forfour cause, so that the nomination
of the party may become "something' more than^a'rr^ere
empty honor and the nominee may have some'ch'a'nce
of success." ;" " '-_: .?".. ' .. .- J ;.-::-' : ' : '
Thus'one by : one the' so-called leaders dodge: the
situation and refuse to accept leadership. Each: is
doubtless .'expecting the nomination when the time
comes, but :.one of them 'has to offer to
his party, -jiof has the courage to face the tissues !of
the time. - The thoughrbf orV.is the thought of all:
"Suggestions .for candidates at this time are prema- ;
ture.? They ; are. all waiting.^ ¦ ;.;i'., ] / v . .
THE PRESIDENTIAL CIRCLE.
THE map of the United States is a big map.
Several of the countries ,which consider them
selves large and important can be put inside, of
it and leave enough space vacant for all of 'our own
population. Since the adoption of the constitution
twenty-four citizens have filled the Presidential office
and have administered government over all that large
map. ., ! • ¦-¦: .
President McKinley, sue essor to them all, is now
on the soil of California: To reach us he has traveled
over meridians 55 of 'longitude and has twice crossed
10 degrees of latitude/ It is a great country in area
and other elements of greatness which do not depend
upon width of "borders. . ' .-
/ President McKinley hails from a birthplace . far
away from us iin^miles,- but near in interest. . He is
from the center, of what may be called the Presidential
circle. With Xolumbus, the capital of Ohio, as. the
center of;a : circle of, 300 miles radius, the interesting
fact appears^ that ¦••-of . the tWenty : four. Presidents
twenty-one were born in or elected from States within
that circle. It touches Virginia, the • native soil of
Washington, - Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, William
Henry Harrison, 'Tyler and Taylor. ; Within^ it is
Tennessee, from which Jackson, Polk and Johnson
were elected, and .New York, with Van Buren, Fill
more, Arthur and^Geveland. That magic circle in
cludes Pennsylvania, . with Buchanan ; Illinois, with
Lincoln and Graht*';Iridiana, with Benjamin Harrison,
and Ohio, with her illustrious sons, Hayes, Garfield
and McKinley. : ... •¦
Of these five were born in Ohio — Grant, Hayes,
Garfield/ Benjamin Harrison arid McKinley.. • So that
that small circle, when "compared with the vast area
of the country, has been potential in producing Presi
dential timber, and the crop it has furnished is un
equaled in excellence and- serviceable qualities. It is
all -within the territory of the original thirteen colo
nies and was recognized by England in the treaty- of
peace made in 1783. -, ¦,
Not only have one score and one Presidents
sprung from within that circle, , but their pub
lic history is interestingly interlinked. Jefferson
took in Louisiana, and Grant, Garfield, Hayes,
Harrison and v McKinley fought to save for ¦ it
the Union in \ the Civil War, as Jackson had
fought to keep it out of Great Britain's hands in
the war of 1812. Jefferson's purchase of Louisiana in
"cluded the boundary line complications, which led t,o
the independence of Texas, and Tyler took that re
public in as an American State, and Taylor fought out
the remaining boundary disputes in the war with
Mexico, and Polk clo&ed the 7 account that was opened
in 1803 by the annexation of California, Nevada, Utah,
Arizona and parts of Colorado,. Wyoming and New!
Mexico. • .
In the Civil War Lincoln stood guard over the in
tegrity of the Union, and McKinley has pioneered the
extracontinental extension of our borders, • while
Cleveland wrote into international law" the. hemispheri
cal hegemony declared as the doctrine of Monroe.
Yet a short journey of three hundred miles from
Columbus, Ohio, will land you in the States where all
these Presidents were born, or whence they .we're
elected.
It is probable that no similar area on the planet- has"
furnished, outside of a royal dynasty, an equal number
of men who have as greatly influenced the world and
the destiny of' mari.^ VJ. t : . ; . . .
i - Outside of a royal idynasty, we have said, because
all of these republican citizens' were the : choice of their
fellows in the greatest free society that has existed.'
They influenced destiny and compelled fate, not by any,
autocratic authority, nor assertion of divine right,
nor prerogative, but they were endowed with power
by free suffrage because their all compelling quali
ties had marked them for the confidence of their coun
trymen. . . • -, . '
They form an illustrious company, and; their mem
ory as well as the glory of the area that gave them to
history might well be perpetuated by building at Co*
lumbus, the center of the circle, a .monument'! fo the
twenty-one Presidents who rose within a day^s ride
of the shaft that would bear their names. \
weight. The growth of the brain Is very
rapid during the first year of life, and
much less in subsequent years, but by the
seventh year it, has .attained fully 90 per
cent of Its total future -weight. While the
processes of growth and development go
on together," in the first seven yean? the
brain change as pre-eminently that of
growth and thereafter pre-eminently that
of development. No organ of the body
can be affected so f much. "by proper train
ing as the braln.^gjSB '-.;'••
not have differed much in age. The Mia3
(orangoutang), 1 ¦ like a very young baby,
lying on its back quite' helpless, rolling
lazily from side to side, stretching out all
four hands into the air wishing. to grasp
something, but hardly able to guide its
ringers to : any definite I object; arid when
dissatisfied, opening wide its almost tooth
less mouth, and expressing its wants by.
a most Infantine scream. The little mon
key, on the other hand, in constant mo
tion; running and jumping about wher
ever; ft pleased, examining, every thingf
around it, seizing hold of the' smallest
objects, with ¦ the greatest precision, bal
ancing- itself on the edge of the box or
running ud a post and helping itself to
anything eatable that came in its way.
There could hardly be a greater contrast,
and. the baby Mias looked more babylike
by the comparison."
Of ¦ the various animals reviewed, it is
to be noted the higher the intelligence of
the adult animal and.ithe more complex
its; life activities tfie^longer is its infancy
or period - of development. • Each increase
in brain size is accompanied by increase in
intelligence, and generally speaking this
increase in intelligence is accompanied by
greater complexity of the life of the indi
vidual; that is, there is a greater variety
of experiences and a more numerous de
velopment of faculties, and hence a great
er. number of nerve connections to be es
tablishefi to direct and control these fac
ulties and their resulting activities. Fin
ally there cornea a time when the nec
essary nerve connections cannot all be es
tablished before birth, but must be partly
established by education after birth. Thus
is infancy established, for any animal re
quiring postnatal* development' which
should happen not to have a period of
infancy would cease to exist. Even in
the human family \ it is far from uncom
mon to meet Instances where both pre
natal and postnatal development are
from some cause or other hindered, and
where in consequence the resulting indi
vidual would certainly cease^to exist were
it not for the fostering care which highly
organized society gives him.
Valuable Period of Plasticity.
Of all animals, with one 'exception, to
be noted presently, man has the most pro
longed infancy, or period of development,
both actually in number of years and rel
atively so far as the percentage of the
total duration of life, which is given up
to development, is concerned. To quote
the- expressive language of John Fiske,
"It is babyhood that has made man what
he is.". l •
With the exception of the elephant man
has a longer period of plasticity, or', of '
development, ' than any other animal;
Man's plastic period lasts twenty years,
the elephant's lasts ~ upward of thirty
years. ' During its growing period the ele
phant has an enormous . bulk to acquire
and most of its growth processes must
be directed to that end. Influences which
would act strongly to differentiate, the
young elephant from its hereditary ten
dencies would ¦ necessarily tend to inter
fere with its • acquirement of bulk and
hence make* it less- liable to survive,
which would precent the establishment in
the species of any variation so produced. !
The great reason, after all, why it has
not evolved" higher lies in the. failure of
the" elephant's Drain to develop.: which is
itself the: result of the highly specialized
structure . of the animal.
1 Rapid growth Is antagonistic to perma
nence of environmental ¦ impressions and
is inimical to the life of the individual, at
least in the case of the human infant. ;
Susceptibility to Environment.
During the period of most rapid growth
of the child, that is, during the first year
of life, deep Impressions are readily made
upon the organism, which reacts almost
violently to stimuli, which later would
have little or no influence. Sickness is
¦ produced by causes which in older chil- ;
dren or adults would be incapable of pro- j
ducing any noticeable deviation from
health. Moreover, pathological conditions
which would not interfere in the least
with the growth or development of the
older child interfere markedly with the
growth of the infant. But the very con
dition of hyperplasticity. which permits
these effects to occur serves also to wipe
them out quickly and apparently com
pletely. The result of this hyperplastlcity
to the individual is great danger, as is
shown by the high mortality of infancy.
/Nor Is it of any benefit or harm to the
race except as it destroys. infant life, for
we look almost in vain in the later his
tory of the individual, . for any effects
from the environmental causes active In j
infancy. Later, ntowever, when the plas
ticity is lesa and the rate of growth and
development is slower, effects from en
vironmental influences become more last-
Ing, provided those influences are suffi
ciently prolonged in their action. L - : -
. Prolongation of the period of develop
ment, associated wipi a certain low de
gree of plasticity, possibly an essential j
corollary of the prolongation, are factors
which are essential not "only to the ad- j
vancement of the race, but also to tl*e
welfare of the individual, -^gggg
: Safety in Average Development.
An important deduction from this propo
sition is this: The individual is safest
when his development follows most close
ly the average or mean. There are many
instances which this. Infants
whose"- size and weight are much above
the average for their age are generally!
anaemic and are notoriously difficult to.
nourish. Children who are born with liv
ers ill developed in function are the vic
tims of many pathological processes, some
of which cause merely suffering., others
involve the future .life and health of the
individual and rtill others threaten and at
I times actually destroy .life. The girl or
boy who at the age of -13 or 14 has a
much 'greater acceleration of growth than
normal puts so .much energy into this
process that excessive fatigue results, and
if the" -ordinary vocations are continued
the child is often permanently damaged.
"Growth sometimes occurs so, rapidly that
the heart cannot keep Up with the in
creased 'work thrown upon ¦ it, becomes
overworked and -Is damaged to 'the extent
that it is neglected. The most striking il
lustrations .of this> truth are to be found
in tbe cases- of unusual precocity which
from time to time have: teen 'noted. The
average is best for the individual.- and
while advancement of the race demands
deviation from, the \ average no altruism
yet evolved requires -"one to welcome or
foster it. .-. . " v . , '• ¦, . . ..
' ' ¦¦ Plasticity of the Organs. .
; Thus,; far; plasticity of the organism as
'a -whole has : alone been referred to, but
plasticity^ of Individual organs must also
be taken -into . account. -- At birth ; there is
a great range of the degree'of growth and
development' of the .'several organs of the
body.; Those npon which. the maintenance
of life directly depends are necessarily de
.veloped quite, highly,, and : their nervous
connections 'are -well established The
heart . is quite i ar. : capable at birth Of Der
formlng its functions as it is at any later
stage. \l\s subsequent- change' is Drinci
pally, one of growth. -The lungs and kid
neys are also; highly, developed at birth
The gastroenteric > tract - and its adjuncts'
on the other nand, are not .nearly so wpii
developed. ..While the proper, action of the
stomach* and: Dowels is; quite as. essential
to the ma intennnca of life an is the kroner
action' of the heart, theit deficiency in del
.yelopment is met, by the highly specialized
food of the infant. The liver the great
chemicalilabordtpry'.of.the body like the
stomach> and i bowels,, is incompletely' de
veloped functionally -and, to a greater de
gree . than , these other organs. The samp
special: condition of •> food » which favSSE '
the? gastroentoric :- tract also, jreneraifv
saves, the. li ver^and permits itto^bevllm
| less » than . V£\ per cent : of the whole '. body
UNIVERSITY-'OF ILLINOIS.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
I „ *> -•' . ¦_ ¦
By .Walter S. Oliristbrtoer,
PROFESSOR OF THE DISEASES OF CHILDREN, MEDICAL SCHOOL OF THE
XII.— DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHTLD.
At birth the average male infant weighs
7.5 1 pounds and ': 20.6 inches long! | The
average;man. of 25 has a stature of 6S.3
inches and a weight of .148 pounds. Thus
in the - twenty-five i years • the stature be
comes about, three and one- third and the
weight about twenty times the » corre
sponding - measurements at . birth. These
figures ";. indicate % the ; enormous changes
which occur during tho. period' of growth
and* development of the individual. > Re
stricting ; figures , to ' averages," it is found
that during* the first year the boy gains
in: height; 8. 4 finches ' and in weight 13
pounds, "or," expressed in percentage,- the
gain' in' height is 41 per cent and in weight
is 173 per cent. ..Not only are these per
centages of increase never again
even approximated in the growing period
of the individual, but the actual increase
is never again reached in any one year.
: "While- the. actual figures /differ; some
what in the other sex, the results in gen
eral are the same. .-¦..-.. ¦¦' • >
During the second year of life the rate
of 'change slackens rapidly and while
growth and development still proceed, the
process_gs go . on at I a very moderate rate
compared with, that ot> the first year. :
P ! Peril of the First Year of Life.
These simple facts' -indicate the im
portance of the first year of life in the de
velopment of the ¦: individual. It is the
year of . greatest ; internal • activity, - or
metabolism, as it is technically called. It
is the year of great plasticity. ; It is the
year, of greatest adjustment of the indi
vidual to his . environment. In conse
quence of these facts it isalsothe year
of greatest mortality. The mortality in
this .year of lif e. ¦<¦ as . shown ¦ by English
statistics, is about 15 per cent— a rate not
again reached until the age of 80: In
many cities infant mortality reaches a
much' higher figure. It is also, important
tu/note that much of the mortality of in
fancy occurs in the early part of tnls first
>car. Thus Julius Eross, who studied
the statistics of sixteen large- European
cities, and whose study 'included over
1,400.000 children, found that 10, per cent
of the children born alive died within the
nret four weeks of life. .The mortality of
the first year of life is about double that
of typhoid fever, so that It iff no exagge
ration' to say that to be an infant under 1
year of age is twice as dangerous as to
have typhoid fever, although the danger
decreases with each week of life.
After -the second year growth proceeds
in a fairly even way. until the age of about
11 or 12 years is reached, when an accele
ration occurs, lasting from three to live
years. ' '
! • i , Irregularity of Growth. -
Thus the growth of the individual as a
whole proceeds Irregularly. Irregularity
in growth is true also- of the several or
gans of the body. An additional fact of
ritmfe importance regarding the different
structures^ is their varying growth with
relation to each other and the consequent
change of relationships which they come
to bear. -Thus at birth the eye constitutes
about one-fourth of 1 per cent of .the en
tiro weight of the body, while in the
adult it is only one-tenth as much.% It
does not '.quite double its weight; while
the whole; body increases twenty fold.
The brain increases its birth weight about
three and one-half times and does practi
cally all of this in the first seven years of
life. The muscles, on the other hand, are
increased in weight- twenty-eight times
and- acquire most of this increase after
the age of 12.- v
The changes-, which occur in the first
twenty years of life may be covered by,
two terms, which are frequently con
founded, but which are essentially differ
ent. These terms are growth, which is
quantitative, and refers especially io size,
and development, • which is qualitative,
and refers to change of function, to ad
justment of the varying organs and struc
tures to each other," and of the body as a
whole to its environment. J
v Inherited and Acquired Skill.
The broadest and most profound, and at
the same time the most useful conception
of infancy, or rather of the developmental
period of life," ever formulated is that of
John Fiske. A brief presentation of
Flskc's theory may here- be given. The
life of the codfish is a simple one. Its
iicte are mostly concerned with tho secur
ing of food < and the avoidance of danger.
These acts are'few in kind and require
for their performance, "Only a very slight
intelligence. . Its experiences, while nu
merous . enough possibly, quantitatively,'
are so' much of a kind that practically
they require only the monotonous repeti
tion'of the same few acts. So few are
these acts, . and so limited the nervous
connections necessary to. their proper per
formance, that they become 'established
by heredity, and the young codfish enters
upon its life capable of performing all of
them about-as well as its ancestors. It
¦has ' Ultle .to learn -from "experience. It
.requires no education.'. It has no Infancy.
Consider on the other hand an expert
pianist. *He, acquires the skill to read his
nuifcic slowly;- he acquires the skill to per
form it stumblingly; but- finally- he will
perform' the most difficult music at sight,"
and do it easily. Slowly has ho developed
the nervous connections necessary .to
thtse-acts. * They were not developed'at
birth. -Analogous has been the develop
ment of the great artist, the great poet,
the. great warrior, the great mathemati
cian.' \.r- >'J~. ¦'• '-¦¦"¦ ,¦' '¦¦-;.¦ •' ;>1J. ;¦»-'•,.
; I | Rapid and Slow Development.
a' less degree, "but in the same man
ner' and; by. similar mechanism? has the
mediocre man developed his ¦ power . to do
.what he does. '. Even the lowest man in
tho race develops after. his birth his' most
important voluntary motor functions.- .The
power > to do, - whether ¦ by • muscle r. or by
brain, is Inman almost'excluslvely a post
natal v acquirement. - Between, the I highest
and, the = lowest animals a great diversity
of -'post-natal acquirement-, exists. ¦-.'¦ The
writer , is r indebted ¦¦¦ for . some '- interesting
facts regarding the jungle fowl, to, his old
claasmate/VWilUam Doherty, a naturalist,
who has spent many years in : the. Orient.
'According to Mr. .Doherty, the r jungle
fowl is one ; of the lowest of the gallinace
ous " birds. -;-lt ¦ deposits ¦ its . eggs in heap?
of decomposing vegetable ¦matter, and .re
liPt upon; the' neat engendered by the de
composition -.for their, hatching.; These
eggs Mr. Doherty .was ivery fond of and
frequently ¦ collected them • for : food. ' He
says,' however; 'that" 1 he has frequently
been disappointed in his supper, by. having
an -egg. suddenly break open and its in
habitant ;escape. How escape?;; Can the
chick .lust from the egg -escape a man?
iThe ordinary chick. cannot, but the young
jungle • fowl •: does > not ; even ¦ deign to ; run,
it actually" flies away,: so highly is -its
muscular . co-ordination developed before
its birth.' -i Surely here there is no infancy;
>Ther young puppy ,1s /quite -helpless at
birth/'. -But -his. infancy is; short.- and he
soon crystallizes into^ an' adult* dog. ' -Yet
short ¦ as ' is f the . infancy ; of -this ¦ species,*
; do«r; fanciers ' have taken . advantage , of, it.
andby careful training and selection have
developed' many;, Interesting = varieties -of
this ianimal.'-.-These^men': fully; recognize
-that 'the period of .infancy is thnt<of plas-"
ticlty .'- for .5 they, say ."."It is hard to ¦ teach
"an'old-dog* newUrlcks.'-: The acts of the
'adult? animals' of i this species are so; slm
iple;' that'.a '; short -'infancy • is all that- la
necespary.to train'the experiences and ad
just the | nervous | connections required for.
the: performances ; of : the adult acts.* •: But
is /this ithe * cause * of I their short . infancy,"
or'.Js-.the' short £the> cause, of "the
adult^ limitations?; : -~, Both . these « proposi
¦ tions ; a re , in ' r. : certain sense ; true. * ¦••'•, ¦ .
Importance of Slbw^Developmentl : '
;'J But we ' must [ consider/ some* higher ani
mals.*: ¦:. 'Wallace - relates in ,' his . j "Malay
Archipelago'^ his ¦ observations ;, of Uwo tin-"
f ant* Quadrumana.'. which he .was fortunate
enoughito; have; in; his? possession. at 5 the
same JtiTr.e; ! One I was ;.the •; infant <* of ", the
harelip ; monkey; iMacacus cynomolgus. an
ordinary f animal \ such - as .-' organ-grinders
use.-vand'.theSothertwasian infantaiMlas. 1
or iorangoutang/jtheihlghest' and most in- :
telligent j of / the ? manlike !* apes.-j; Ho ) says :
V'lt '.was j cvir Jous 1 to \ observe i the i different
actions lofrthese; two animals,'iwhich'< could
Outline of the Varied Forces' Wliich. Gon
.tribute to Injure or Improve Humaii
¦ Beiogs. in Their Growth,.^ -
Prepared- by ; Experts^_nd -Specialists; for
P, : THE'SMRANCISCO^ALLr
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO GAtL, THURSDAY^ MA Y^ 9^ 1901V
6
AMUSEMENTS.
— ¦ •'
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Sa« Harbor."
Alcazar — "The Conqueror*." ¦ .
Grand Opera-house— "Son of Napoleon,**
California— "The Lottery of Love."
Central— "The Octoroon."
Tivoli— "The Idol's Eye."
•Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenint.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. l
Recreation .Park— Baseball.
Mechanics" Pavilion— Bench Show.
Sutro Baths — Swimmln-.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By "Vn. G. Laj-E-r— Tuesday, May 14, at 10 o'clock. Ger-
man 'Government Artillery Horees, at 721 Howard street.Knights Templar Elect Officers.
The following named were elected offi
cers of Golden Gate Commandery,
Knights Templar, at a meeting in Golden
nia Bank Identified receipts for the with
drawal of money from the banks by
O'Hare recently. . The Hlbernia Bank's
receipts amount to $8000 and the receipts
of the German Bank amount to $3000. The
case was then continued till this after
noon. &
Considerable time was occupied in the
introduction- of letters written by Mrs.
Jacques to Mrs. Mary Jane Rodgers of
Minneapolis, a sister of O'Hare: to Mrs.
Rodgers' husband and to her daughter
Tillie. Letters were also introduced that
were sent by Mrs. Jacques to Mrs. T.
Lally, another sister of O'Hare. In addi
tion the prosecution presented telegrams
that had passed between the Jacques fam
ily and the Rodgers family. The letters
represented O'Hare as being the picture
of health. He was also said to have
taken a great dislike for Mrs. Gowdey,
another '^sister, who is the complaining
witness lnlhe case. In one letter it was
stated that O'Hare had given Mrs. Gow
dey $500 about five years ago, which was
all that he intended to give her.
There was no denial on the part of the
defendants of. the authenticity of the
letters and telegrams. They
took the stand and identified them, after
which they were admitted as evidence.
It is claimed for the defendants that the
letters show that Mrs. Jacques was
anxious to inform O'Hare's relatives as to
his condition. The fact that Mrs. Jac- ;
ques had asked Mrs. Rodgers to come
here and take her brother away, it is
claimed, shows that there was no desire I
on the part of the defendants to kidnap !
O'Hare. On the other hand the prosecu- >
tion claims that the letters show clearly j
that they were written to give a false im- |
pression as to O'Hare's condition, the ex
pert witnesses having testified that he
was suffering from senile - decay. The
letters, it was claimed, also that
there was a motive in misstating O'Hare's
condition so that his relatives should be
antagonized, thus affording the defend
ants an opportunity to carry out their in
tention of getting. him out of the city. .
Thomas G. J. Jacques Jr. was sworn
and admitted that he took O'Hare to Oak
land on April 18. The next day He was
Joined by his father, who saw him and
O'Hare off on the train for Cheyenne,
Wyo. -
Recorder Godchaux identified two deeds
from Mrs. Jacques in favor of O'Hare to
property on Lombard street. Officials of
the German Savings Bank and the Hiber-
. The preliminary examination of Thomas
G. Jacciues and his wife, Caroline J E.
Jacques, on the charge of kidnaping Jo
seph O'Hare, was resumed before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday aiternoon. O'Hare
was not in ' court, but his relatives were
in .attendance. Nothing of ia sensational
nature was brought out during the pro
ceedings. : -.
Prosecution . Claims That
They Are Intended to~
Mislead.
Letters Written by Mrs.
Jacque3 Are Put in
Evidence.
ALLEGES DECEIT
IN O'HARE CASE
Drunken Soldiers Create Disturbance.
. Three discharged soldiers went ln^o a
variety show at- Jackson and Kearny
streets last night, and taking out their
revolvers, proceeded to make things live
ly. The proprietor, ' becoming alarmed,
sent for Policeman Cavanatigh, who, after
a short battle, placed the men under ar
rest. At the City Prison they gave their
names as James Bartlett. Simon Mur
phy and . R. J. Coleman. They were
booked on charges of carrying concealed
weapons. ' »
durance."
Father McQuade next told of the won
derful beauty of Rome — its monuments
and ruins. He was present at the open
ing: of the door in St. Peter's at the be
ginning of the new century, and his de
scription of r one of the most solemn and
impressive ceremonies of modern times
was received with intense appreciation by
the audience.
Accompanied by Archbishop Riordan,
Father McQuade was granted the honor
of an audience with Pope Leo, who,- in
spite of his many years, is still able to
coi.duct the longest services.
Tho affair was so complete a' success
and the appreciation of Father McQuade's
lecture so great that efforts will be made
to have him repeat It in the near future
in a hall where a larger audience may be
accommodated. •
He then gave a description of the
beauties and peculiarities of Shanghai
and discussed the causes of the . recent
Boxer disorders. "It was not the mission
aries who were at the bottom of the
troubles,". he said, "but the railway engi
neers. The Chinese, more than any
of the earth's peoples,' venerate the dead,
and because the railroads have been built
directly through .their little cemeteries,
which are spread about everywhere, they
have been stirred. to a degree beyond en-
Father McQuade then spoke on "Trav
els on Two Continents." He described in
brief his trip across the Pacinc Ocean,
giving; a slight description of Honolulu
and Its cosmopolitan peoples. The beau
ties of .Yokohama and Nagasaki were
then portrayed in a most interesting man
ner. ,. . j'^'-'i'
"The Japanes'e people," he said, "I
found to be made up of equal parts of
immorality, dishonesty, politeness and
simplicity."" Father McQuade then spoke
of tne progress of the Catholic church in
Japan axid the benefits its teachings have
bi ought to the natives. »
The entertainment, preceding the lec
ture by Rev. Father McQuade, consisted
of vocal and instrumental selections and
recitations by members of the parish. A
fancy dance by little Annie Driscoll was
a particularly pleasing feature. The reci
tation by Thomas hickey and musical
specialties by William Hynes were en
cored again and again. A piano solo by
Miss Eveline Beaudet, vocal solos by
Mrs. M. McGIade and Frank Scully and a
recitation by Miss A. • Dwyer were well
rendered and "favorably received.
An interesting and successful entertain
ment and lecture was given at Mission
Parlor Hall last night under the auspices
of Annunciation booth of the Most Holy
Redeemer Church. The hall was crowded
to its utmost capacity and every feature
of the programme was received with the
heartiest applause. v • v '.: : ;- . ; : 1
Father McQuade Deliv-
ers Lecture on His
TELLS OF TRIP
AROUND WORLD
It. is claimed that within a few years "the
electric motor will ' completely supplant the
steam locomotive, and trains will then rush
alone at a '< speed of 100 miles an hour. To
travelers this will prove a great blessing, . but
no more so than^Hostetter's" Stomach Bitters
has proved a blessing to those who wish to
regain their health quickly. The Bitters cure
dyspepsia, indigestion, biliousness, malaria,
fever and ague, also Improves the ' appetite
and purifies the blood. ' • .. '¦
The Steam locomotive Doomed.
Edith Taber, whose real name is said to
be Edith Finley, was arrested yesterday
on complaint of Fred Buhr, who conducts
a lodging-house, at 310 Ellis street. He
accused her of having entered his room
and stealing $170 In gold -and a diamond
rins, which he valued at $150. The money
and ring were in a. tin box, ' which was
forced open. . ; ., -
Money and Jewelry Stolen.
J.' W. Tuttle, a sailor, was found dead
in bed yesterday morning In the lodging
house at 14 Jackson street. Tuttle was a
native of New York, 59 years old. *
Peter Hanson, a peddier, residing ' at
44S ) /£ Seventh street, was found dead on
the floor of his room by his daughters
Hazel and Violet. He was a native of
Sweden, 51 years old. Death was due in
both cases to natural causes: -.
Two Sudden Deaths.
The Board of Bank Commissioners re
ports the most satisfactory conditions as
prevailing in the city's banking business.
The following statement is made of the
condition of the seventeen commercial
banks of the city on April 20 of the cur
rent-year:
Resources — Bank premises, J1,89S,E94 9Sf real
estate taken for debt, $2,375,027.55; stocks and
bonds, ' $6,281,710 38; loans on real estate. $4.4S9,
6S8 47; -loans on stocks, bonds and warrants,
$13,117,719 70; loans on other securities, $4,319,
424 23; loar.s on personal security and over
drafts, J18.4SO.364 84: money on hand, checks and
other cash items, $10.722,4SS 77; due from banks
and bankers, $14,210,697 C2; expenses, taxes and
other assets. $2,146,133 64.; total, $78,051,854 G3.
Liabilities— Capital paid in coin, $3,437,792 04;
reserve fund, profit and loss and contingent
fund. $13,040,401 88; due depositors. $46,337,987 34;
due banks. and bankers, $7,0S9.906 74; dividends
unpaid and other liabilities, $3,145,7C6 63; total,
$78.051, S54 63. The financial condition of the
nine city savings banks on April 20 is stated as
follows: Resources — Bank premises. $1,659.
635 44;. real estate taken for debt. $3,398,894 19:
stocks and bonds, $5S,329,053 07; loans on -real
estate, $63,606,282 18; loans on stocks, bonds and
warrants, $2,599,192; loans on other securities,
$60,000; money on hand, checks and other cash
Items, $2,530,727 61; due from banks and bankers,
$t.663.C27 96; expenses, taxes and other assets,
$614,986 01: total, $13S,3C2,29S 36. . Liabilities-
Capital paid in coin, $4,010,000; reserve fund,
profit and loss and contingent-fund, $5,758,221 91;
due depositors, $124,984,920 14; dividends unpaid
and other liabilities. $1.COD,156 31; total, $136,362.
298 36. ¦
Commissioners File Heport Concern
ing Affairs of Commercial and
Savings Institutions.
CONDITION OF THE BANKS
IS VE3.Y SATISFACTORY
L. Stenhenson, "W. P. Battelle, "William
E. McElligott. B. F. McDannel, George
S. Straight. Mowry M. McMullen, W. R.
Alberger, S. H. Smith, \V. "W. Webster."
ATTACHE OF THE SANTA FE
RAILROAD HONORED BY HIS
FRIENDS.
VAQUEROS ARE ACQUITTED. — The charge
of cruelty to animals . against Alva Holiday
and Frank Denike. vaqueros, accused of chok
lns a bull to death on San Bruno road, was
dismissed yesterday by Police Judge Cabaniss.
Postal cards announcing a meeting to
establish a. Democratic club in the Forty
third Assembly District caused quite a
number of Democrats to assemble at 620
Bush street last evening. The club roll
wap opened and a good list of names re
corded. J. J. McGuire, president of the
old Bryan and Stevenson Club of the
Forty-third, called the meeting to order.
Dr. Mallaby nominated John Shanahan
for chairman: . There being no rival can
didate he was unanimously elected. S.
Sullivan was chosen secretary. Speeches
were made by James Bowlin, Phil Gaffey,
Dr. Mallaby and others. The chairman
announced that the meeting was for the
purpose of organizing Democratic forces
for the primary election under the new
law, and that inspiration for such action
was not derived from the Democrat!*}
County Committee. The meeting ad
journed until Wednesday evening. May 29.
Forty-Third District Democrats.
One hundred and seventy-five young
men of San Francisco have enrolled their
names for the purpose of organizing a
permanent Republican club. The second
preliminary meeting of youngsters took
place at the rooms of the. Union League
last evening and much enthusiasm in the
progress of the enterprise* was exhibited.
"William M. Abbott presided and J. T.
Gibson rendered service as secretary.
Speeches were made by John Barrett, ex
"Unlted States Minister to Siam: George
D. Clark, president of the Union League;
A. G. Booth, E. F. Treadwell, Oscar Tolle
and Percy Hite.* "When the work of pre
liminary organization is effected a regular
election of president and other officers
will take place. Rooms will then be en
gaged for the use of the new club. The
young' men propose to take an active part
in the municipal campaign this year and
the gubernatorial contest of 1902. - •
Young Republicans Meet
at Union League
Club.
STEPS TO ALIGN
PARTY FORCES
JOHN la. TRUSLOW, who has
been passenger agent of the Santa
Fe in this city f_or several years,
leaves shortly to fill the position of
local agent of the company in San
ta Barbara. He was the recipient of a
handsome .present yesterday from the em
ployes who have been under him In the
•local office. The gift was in the shape
of a very handsome traveling bag and
toilet set. The pieces of the set are silver
mounted and Truslow's initials are en
graved on them. The following letter ac
companied the present:
"Mr. John L. Truslow, General Agent
Passenger Department, City — Dear . sir:
Please accept with best wishes of the em
ployes of the San Francisco office. May
you live long and be happy. Sincerely
yours.
"Fred W. Prince. James B. Duffy, R.
Gate Asylum last night: Harvey D. Love
land, eminent commander; Robert B.
Moore, generalissimo; R. W. Campbell,
captain general; Robert Ash. senior, and
Dr. A. TV. McKenzle, junior warden; "Wil
liam D. Keyston, treasurer, and Theo
Frolich, recorder.
largest producers of McKlttrick are also eign
ers to the compact, and the design of those as
sociating- is to bring up the price of oil to at
least £0 cents per barrel and to hold it at
that figure, to the end that the business may
be prosecuted at a profit and that consumers
may be assured that their competitors will not
be able to have an advantage over them in the
purchase of fuel.
The association of the oil men operating
in the Fresno-San Bonito district will be
perfected at a meeting to be held in the
assembly-room of the Mills building to
morrow evening. All companies owning
lands in the district are requested to send
representatives to the meeting. The pro
ject of establishing a bureau of informa
tion will be discussec and action may be
taken. Permanent officers will be elected.
The statistics which Charles G. Yale is
preparing for the State Mineralogist for
the annual report of the production of
mineral substances of California for the
current year will probably clear up the
question of the actual production of oil
in the State by counties and by districts.
Mr. Tale is working on the problem with
all the facilities available with the pur
pose of getting the most reliable statistics
possible.
Mining districts are to be formed in the
Midway and Sunset districts, the purpose
being to prevent the operations of land
jjmpers principally. Each district wiil
pass regulations. Attorneys have been
employed to draw up the necessary papers
preliminary to the formation of the dis
tricts.
A rush has" set in from Tucson, Yuma
and mining camps to Texas Hill, Arizona,
on the report of a discoverv of oH. Land
has been located along a belt twenty-five
miles long, extending from Texas Hill
along the Gila. Two companies have been
organised at Tucson to drill for oil. There
is also some excitement because of the
alleged discovery of oil in the San Pedro
Valley, near St. David.
"Work in Shasta County.
The Redding Searchlight, Shasta Coun
ty, says: %
The site on which the third oil well in Shasta
County will be drilled has been selected. The
Keswick Crude Oil Company, which is ready
for business, has decided to build its derrick
on land held by the company in section 13.
township 22 north, range 5 west. The site is
in Sand Flats and is only 800 feet west of the
Mount Shasta Oil Company's well, at which
operations are for the present suspended The
site is five miles north of Redding. The Kes
wick company has purchased its rijj in San
Francisco. The lumber for the derrick bought
at Portland, lies at the Keswjck depot await
ing to be hauled to the site. This company
will begin to drill as quickly as the derrick
can g-o up" and the machinery be placed in
position.
Central Oil Producers.
The Bakersfield Californian, speaking of
the progress of the movement in that
section toward making an effective com
bination of the producers, says:
Practically the whole of the Kern River dis
trict Is in the association and most of the
0 v,.
The chances would seem to be excellent
for the completion of two organizations
fox the same general purpose In the State,
namely, the protection of the oil producers
from the rapacity of any and all comers
and from the evils that naturally flow
from a lack of common understanding in
marketing. Practically all of the pro
ducers of the Kern River and McKittrlck
districts are reported to have agreed to
the plan proposed to them for combina
tion. On the other hand the Los Angeles
Coucly producers are seemingly in pos
session of a plan tnat bids Tair to offer
an interesting experiment, at least for
those engaged in it. The title of the Los
Angeles combination is the Los Angeles
Oil Producers' Association. The general
p'.an is like a stock company with a cap
ital represented by 2U0C shares, one of
which will be issued for each pumping
well. Members pledge themselves to sell
all their product through the association.
The incorporators are nine in number—
Dr. W. A. Lamb, I* G. Parker. W. H.
Allen, E. A. Doran, C. H. Daggett,
Thomas O'Donnell, \V. A. Morgan, George
Easton and "William McDonald. The Los
Angeles Herald gives the following ad
ditionai particulars concerning the plan
for the Los Angelenos:
Details, such as the grading: of oil and the
tankage, have not been settled, but will be
presented at the first meeting of the subscrib
ers. Extensive plans are. however, being con
sidered, not the least of which Is a campaign
of education. At present there la a srowinR
surplus, due to a slight excess in the output
over the consumption. There are two ways
open to rid the market of the surplus, one be
ing to decrease the output and the other to in
crease the demand. The former the oil men
do not favor, as they are of the opinion that
many that are now using- coal in Los Angeles,
the city government included; might be induced
to give the home product a trial of it were
put to them In the right light. This, local
producers believe, they can do. and will in
augurate a movement in the interest of edu
cation. - • „.
Adherence All Over State Is
Given to Plans Sub
mitted.
Two Protective Com
bines Having One
Aim in View.
OIL PRODUCERS
MAKE PROGRESS
jLiiiu sajn jfKAJN CISCO CAL.Li, lilUKbDAl, MAY 9, 1901.
John L. Tmslow Js Presented With a Handsome
Traveling Bag and a' Sliver Tcikt Set.
LEAVES WITH GOOD WILL
OF FORMER ASSOCIATES
7
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Q-oarter of a century.
$100 invested THIS
WEEK in a proposition we
now have on hand WILL
MAKE you $1QOO.
JAS. S. T. HERSHON,
Member S. F. Oil Exchange. *
537, 53S, 539, 550 PARROTT BDG., S.F.
W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.,
ilAXCFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL tVELLS, FOR IRP.IGATION. FOR \
POWEIt PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS. ¦
FOK Oil* FOR VTATER. FOR CTAXIDB
PLANTS.
BAN FKANCISCO.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HELP FOR WOMEN
WHO ARE ALWAYS TIREIX
"I do not feel very well, I am so
tired all the time. 1 do not know what
is the matter with me."
You hear these wcrds every day; as
often as you meet your friends just so
often are these words repeated. More
than likely you speak the same signifi-
cant words j-ourself . and no doubt you
do feel far from well most of the time.
Mrs. Ella Rice, of Chelsea, Wis.,
whose portrait we publish, writes that
ehe suffered for two years with bear-
ing-down pains, headache, backache,
and had all kinds of miserable feelings,
all of which was caused by falling and
inflammation of the womb, and after
doctoring 1 with physicians and numer-
ous medicines she was entirely cured by
. Mks. Ella Kick
Lydia E. Pinkharn's Vegetable Com-
pound.
If you are troubled with pains,
fainting- spoils, depression of spirits,
reluctance to go anywhere, headache,
backache, and always tired, please re-
> member that there is an absolute
remedy which will relieve you of your
suffering as it did Mrs. Rice. Proof
is monumental that Lydia E.- Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound is the
greatest medicine for suffering women.
No other medicine has made the cures
that it has, and no other woman has
helped so many women by direct advice
as has Mrs. Pinkham ; her experience
is greater than that of any living per-
son: If yo*a are sick, write' and get
her.-" 1 -'/ ' ' '-'*«»;T.v7»ri,'MaflS.
AMUSE2&E2IT.S.
'alh.am.bra
BE6lNNING SATURDAY NIGHT.... MAY 11
ONLY MATINEE SUNDAY.
Limited Engagement of 'the
M COLUMBIA " 17
1NSTREL COfflPAN 1
MBlaek-Face Artists -Sing- n f\
ers. Dancers. Comedians, fall
Vaudeville Performers. U U
LARGEST ORGANIZATION, IN EXIST-
ENCE. " .-
PRICES. 10c^ 2$c and 50c. .Seats . now on
palo at the Theater . and Emporium. Phone
Howard 1974. . • , /
CHUTES^™ ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE: AMATEURS
And the big comic feature,
THE LADY BLACKSMITHS
A Prize String Contest.
Telephone for . Seats '.'}-. . T. Park 23.
>tfl"<5f!i-f WW'-^ concert; house.
rl r U " llii ¦¦?-• - Admission 10c..
• Belle 1 Wilton," Evans, Devees jand Evans,
• Satnellai ~ Murdock and DeCamp/: G. "• S. Wan-
rell, - Maybeile Bowman and the • Golden West
.Trio. 1 '- - ¦ - i .• ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' -- - -¦-•¦;¦. •'»
- Keserved ' Seats, 25c. ¦ Matinee Sunday.
133 Powell Street/
Credit if desired.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
GOLDFILUNGSaOO
Artistic fillings and all dental oper-
ations at lowest prices. Teeth treated,
cleaned and regulated.
HOTELS
'.Visitors to; San ' Francisco .who . mako
their ] headquarters af these ¦ hotels '"en-
Joy coinfort« V'and; conveniences not; to
be ' obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-'
tion,, courteous attaches and unequaJed
cuisine. American' and European plans.
WGRAND HOTELS
Directory
oL..
Reputable
*& IJlLi
Companies:
California Fortune Oil Co.
id acres Sunset. 80 acres McKittrlck, 320 acres
In Coallnga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 60c. Information and prc»-
j*rtus furnished en application to E. DEX-
JCK'E. Secretary, room 611 Parrott bldir. 8. F.
NAPA AND BERRYESSA VALLEY OIL
COMrAJfT— Controls 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land Jn Napa County where tn-s finest lubri-
cating cil In California is found: stock at 2*
cents: prospectus furnished. 670 and 671 Parrott
trending. Ean Francisco.
~SAMHAS OIL A! D DEVEl/PMENT CO. .
IK* ACRES IN MOKTEREY COJJNTT.
Well down 300 feet; small amount of treasury
rtock at ,5c per chare. Prospectus and map
md information on application. J. B. OLSEN.
Becrt-mry. r,74 Parrott building. San Francisco.
SAN JOSE OIL EXCH4NGE £?£? la o f\
Jands bought and sold; legitimate business from
responsible companies solicited. E. C. ROD-
WICK, Manager; telephone llain 147; 26 N.
First et.. Ean Joee, CaL
" SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands in heart of McKlttrick District, ad-
Iclcing large producing wells. Small block of
rtcck for sale. Prospectus and information fnr-
ttiehed at room 60S Safe Deposit Building. 31i
KcD - *omfry et.
Weak Men and Women
t^HOLXI) L'SK DAJIIANA BITTERS. THE
v5 ere&t Mexican remedy; civea bealth and
etreegtb to sexual organs. Depot, Z2Z Market.',
: AMTTSP,TVTEaJTS.
*Tl\fQfLi*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
•IT BLINKS BUT A FEW NIGHTS MORE."
DON'T OVERLOOK THE GLITTERING
"HOOT JV\ON."
"TflE TOYMAKliR" Monday, Kay 13th.
First Time in This City.
POPULAR PRICES '. 23c and 50c
Telephone — Bush 9. -- .
SPECIAL BJRBAliTlltflifEE. 10-DAY.
3rEVIAL( PRICES 25c and 50c
TO-NIGHT.
ALL THI3 WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAT,
MR. JAMBS NEILL
''¦»,- AND THE NEILL COMPANT.
Presenting Augustin Daly's Laughing Comedy
Success, • -. <-
"THE LOTTERY CF LOVE"
EVENINGS 25c, 35c. 50c, 75c, J1.00
SATURDAT MATINEE 25c. 50c. 75c
Next— Sunday, May 12, to greet the nation's
President. "BARBARA FRIETCHIE." Seats
now ready.
- - ¦
disL'T' HffATR E^Ar
GET WISE AND SECURE SEATS QUICK!
......LAST FOUR NIGHTS......
Of the Merriest Show in Town.
THE
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
NEXT WEEK
FRIENDS.
T^^^j^^Ji^^il IB \P tfffSTS CITY HAH
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
B-i Jr* MAGNIFICENT
II fl fi &J REVIVAL OP
OCTOROON !
The Bis Production of the Season.
Plantation Scenes and Melodies. Buck and Wing
Dancing, Clever Specialties, Etc.
nnif Lw EVENINGS 10c, IjC. 25c, 35c, 50c
I.iivr^ MATINEES 10c. 15c, 25c
Next Week— TK11KT McGOVERN. the cham-
pion featherweight. In his Great Success. "The
Bowery After Dark." Secure seats quick.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK."'.'.. ;
Every Night (Including Sunday). Matinee
Saturday.
JAMES A. KERNE'S
Latest comedy and greatest success,
A STORT OF HEART AND HOME.
Seats now ready for second and last week.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
; SPRING MEETING— Opening April. 23.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUiJ. r
OAKLAND, RACETRACK:
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
.' Five or more races each day.
Races start at ; 2:15 p. m. sharp.
• Ferry-boats Jeave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30.- J." 1:30,: 2, 2:30 and 3 p. -m.. connecting
with trains stopping at tho entrance ¦ to th«
track. -Last two * cars on . train , reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets, to Shell Mound. . All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at - Seventh • and > Broadway. Oak-
land. Also' all trains : via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue. cars at Fourteenth
•and 'Broadway.' Oakland.' These electric cars
go direct *to the track; in 'fifteen minutes.'
, : Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately utter the last race
» THOMAS H.-. WILLIAMS • JR.; President. "
, R. : B. ¦ MILROT. Secretary.
»!¦¦ rni ir iiiitm I ¦¦¦ ¦ Fwi in.. ¦ .in ¦¦! a iTllWr^^rWnHllMB "v . »
AMUSEMENTS.
FIFTH ANNUAL
DOGS*
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
May 8, 9, 10, If.
COMPETITION OP THE GREATEST PRIZE.
WINNERS OF THE EAST AND WEST.
ALL THE NEW TORK CHAMPIONS! '
PERFORMANCES BT TRAINED DOGS.
OPEN FROM 10 A. M. to 10 P. M.
ADMISSION. 50c; CHILDREN. HALF PRICE.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB.
. * J. P. NORMAN, Secretary.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
THE FOUR HUNTINGS. ZEB AND ZARROW,
/.' PATTERSON BROTHERS.
INGHAM. BARNES L AND SISSON, ALB*
GRANT. THE BIOGRAPH.
And Two of the World's Most" Popular At-
tractions,
THE AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRE AND HEATH.
Reserved Seats. 25 cents; Balcony. 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats. 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND' OPERA. MOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAT AN1> SUNDAT.
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
Grand Scenic Production- of a Romantic His-
torical Play,
SON OF 1
NArOLEON.
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 2Sc. 50c. A few seats TSe.
Good reserved seat In orchestra Saturday and
Sunday Matinees. 2,">c. .
Branch Ticket Ofilce Emporium.
NEXT WEEK-
"GOVERaMENT ACCEPTANCE."
OIL MWlmi/\ COR* MASOtl
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
IN THE CITTt
DAVE BARTON,
Vaudeville's Moat Original Comed'aa.
.
B. D. BBNTLBY,
Tne Noted Musical Artist.
CLAUDlFwARD,
A Singing Soubrette of Surpassing Beauty.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAT.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
','' •'. ADMISSION FREE.
LAST APPEARANCE OF
E8NEST SETON-THOMPSON
METROPOLITAN HALL,
SATURDAY MORNING.' May 11. at U o'clock.
-SCENES FROM ANIMAL LAND."
Illustrated ¦ with stereoptlcon views.
ALL THE CHILDREN OF SAN FRANCIS-
CO and their friends are invited to see their
favorites— Lobb. tlta Kins "Wolf: MoUle Cot-
tontail. Old Grumpy, Little Johnny Bear, the
Pacing Mustang, etc., etc.
Adults. 50c; Children, 25c. No reserved seat*.
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND. ts/SW FRANCISCO.
Thursday and Friday. "Ladies' Days,"
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
SUTRO BATHS
U/ILL OPEN NIGHTS
ON AND AFTER
SATURDAY, MAY lh 1901. ;
//"¦sit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF flHflTQSV
h C^ l!5mA21ET2T.lei.e:i&7:h,S.F.Cil.
\ <~g te Laffest Anatomical Muxun in the
/0 _ rtjfew World. Weaknesses or any contracted
V rt? O'sease pui(i«rl; cvrmltijr the oldest
® fS b P ecia ' ist on Coast Est. 36 years.
A £;3£f 8 DR. JMDAH-OICEASES OF KEN
J F€35*^l Consultation free and strictly private.
I >£>4~.\ T reatIoent personally or by letteT. A
g \¥ iJl I Potittve Cure in every case u- cicrtaken.
r // 11*1 Umefor Book. PDILOSUPnYaf
u I atnnwcE, uaileo free, (a
A H II- valuable book for mrg )
F O«. JORDAN & CO.. 10E1 JMarkpt St..S. F.
Announcement
§\ to the
\|> riVriMS TO THE FA-
v> vcrable criticisni and
// manv inquiries received by
yy us frcm the Medical Pro-
fession arid others interested regrarding- our
statement that the so-caJIed Weakness of Men
is not a weakness but symptoms of inflam-
mation of the Prostate Gland (neck of blad-
der) caused br contracted disorders and early
dissipation, and that Loss of Vitality. Prema-
turcr.ess etc.. are invirlably cured by pro-
cedure-! directed toward eorrect'ng this Inflam-
mation, we wish to state to these many in-
quiries in the cclumr.s of the press, that it
takee approximately ten v.eeks to cure three
d'soriers of the male. The treatment Is en-
t!rel'- b local one. as no drup.erlng ths stomach
le ne^essary and that the patient may treat
hiir.Fflf at hcm<\ urier our directions. "We will
cheerfully e»pla.!r. the plan of treatment to any
reliable physician on request. The colored chart
o* the organs, which ive send free en applica-
tion to any one Interested In the EUbject. will
be found a great advantage In "Home Diag-
nosis." as well a* a. study for all Interested In
their anatomy. Very respectfully,
•DR. TA-COTT& CO., 997 Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[/yi: ADVEETISEMENTS.
coptxigxt km it the mocrtu * oamm eo. cmcmMTi
A LITTLE BIG WASTR
j-p^M|ISTINGUISH between economy and wisdom.
?KlPW Sitting at home to save shoe-leather is econo-
• J^Hi m y» k ut it is scarcely wisdom. In the same
Wr$T\ way, doing without Ivory Soap is economy
but it isn't wise; . your risks are greater than all
possible saving. Every cheap soap contains free
alkali. Now, free alkali • will eat its way through
the new oil cloth on the kitchen floor. Imagine,
then, what it will do in a single Mondays wash-
ing I Is such economy wise?
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Drs-
pepsia. Indigestion and/ Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nacsea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain i«*
the Side, TORPID LIVER. Th;y
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
£' The
H? Happy . \ k
B Drink $
Hkfes
Rootbeer
& \ home-made health drink R?
&S| A 25 *cent package makes 5 *3j
V>J gallons Dealers wnte fV>r ae ,
A special offer Address. «T
>L CHARLES E. HIRES CO $
Malvern, Pa AfTO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
United States Coast . and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water? at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low • waters occur at
the city front- (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the same at both places'
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY, MAY 9.
NOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column- and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as. to time nf
day; tha third time column gives the las? tide
of the- day, except -when there are but threa
tides,* as sometimes occurs. The heights riven
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey. Charts, except when a
minus <— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the deDth
riven'. by the charts. The plane of; reference
U the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office,' TT. . S. N Mer
chants Exchange.' San Francisco t< Cal..
The time ballon the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich ¦= time. • ¦ '
• , . _ . , C..Q. CALKINS. '
•Ueutenant Commander, : U. 8/ N.v in.char^
For Central America— 6 cb add, 10,000 t lbs
valued at $96,(C2, manifested and destined as
follows: For Mexico, $10,1*4; Central America,
SS4.013; Panama, flS35. The following were the
principal shipments:
For Mexico— 2 cyls ammonia, 23 bales dry
goods. 8 cs photo material. 6742 lbs soda, 100
bdl£ ebooke, 3 cs stationery, 100 flasks quick
silver.
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Jose Bailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
The Nereua will load wheat at Portland for
Europe at 41a 3d; the Vlmalra, same voyage,
Xs €4/ both chartered prior to* arrival; the
Haydn Brown, coal at Departure Bay for
Honolulu.
Hardly One of the Fleet Has Paid
Expenses This Season.
The sealing fleet, so far as reported, has
made a very poor catch this season. The
weather was against them, and vessels
that returned with thousands of skins last
year have not taken hundreds this last
beason. Twenty vessels have got back
to Victoria, B. C, and all they fan muster
between them are 3756 skins. Nine vessels
are still to be heard from, but it is not
thought that they will increase the catch
to EW0 skins all told. t
The catch of the fleet is as follows:
Geneva US. Hatzic 110. Ida Etta 91, Teresa
M, Libbie 107, R. L Morse 68. Florence M.
Smith 352. Allie I. Alger 274. Favorite 161.
Beatrice 294, Ocean Belle 170. Triumph 293,
Viva 332 Otto 240, Penelope 442, Arietis
300, Anioka 76. E. B. Marvin 220, Zillah
May 220 and Annie E. Pain 140. The fol
lowing schooners have still to be heard
from: Dora Sieward, C. B. Rand, Victo
r'a. Diana, Sadie Turpel, Saucy Lass, Um
brina, Carrie C. W. and Walter L. Rich.
So far not one of the fleet has, paid ex
penses, and the hunters will have to work
on coasting vessels instead of taking a
lay-off for a couple of months.
Panama Steamships.
The Pacific Hall Company's San Jose
got away for Panama and way ports yes
terday. She was nearly four hours late,
owing to a rush of freight at the last
tuirnite. A fair cargo went away on her,
but there were not many passengers.
The Panama Railroad Company's Roan
oke arrived from Panama direct early
yesterday morning. The run up was
made in twelve days. She did not bring
much freight, and the only cabin passen
gers were T. S. T. Cobb and C. H. Le
Boyteaux. There were five passengers in
the steerace.
Water Front Notes.
The steamer Mexico has again changed
hands and will probably also get a new
name- She has been sold to Seattle parties
and will probably run between Victoria,
B. C, and the gold fields. When she first
went into service the steamship was
known as the Bowen, but when she came
to this coast she was called the Man
aucnse. Under that name she was fitted
out and made a trip for the Government
to Manila. On her return she made a few
trips to British Columbia, but was with
drawn and laid up. Then her name was
changed to Mexico and she was placed in
the Mexican trade. She was again put on
the retired list and now goes to Seattle to
try her luck.
Williams. Dimond & Co. have removed
to their new wharf at the foot of Steuart
street. The bark Albert docked there
yesterday, and the next steamer that ar
rives from New York will also go to that
wharf.
The Union Transportation Company's
new river 6teamer Columbia will have her
trial on the bay to-day. She was for
nierly the Mary Ellen Galvin and was
built for the Yukon River trade. Her en
gines were not powerful enough, however,
and Pat Galvin. for whom she was built,
would not accept her. Her new owners
have had the machinery and boilers re
modeled and now she is expected to make
good time.
Captain Humphreys purchased the gas
oline launch Dell from Henry Peterson
yesterday and will take her to St.
Michael. It is the captain's intention to
run between the various mining camps In
order to keep an eye on his various inter
ests.
The American ship John McDonald is
now uninsurable. She is 233 days out from
Baltimore for San Francisco, and the last
quotation was 95 per cent. The vessel is
now practically given up as lost. The
general impression is that her cargo of
coal caught fire and she was burned at
6ea. .
The British ship Cromartyshire made
the run home of the season. After leav
ing Portland she was caught in a gale and
considerably damaged. She put in here
for repairs, and after an overhauling
made another start. She arrived at Fal
mouth yesterday after a splendid passage
of 104 days.
NEWS OF THE OCJLAJT.
SEALEBS MAKE POOR CATCH.
TWO of tha fastest veeeeln Jn tb»
(sugar fleet are now racing to the
Jlswallim Jetande. When the tus»
oust them tift at the nlne'ffltbflm
fjuey there was net ft hundred
sard* between lhem, and when ls*t teen
well down en the harizen neither hud any
apijsrent advantage.
The bark ltodtrlek Dhu Is bound for
Hllo slid the bartentitie ti. O. Wilder f&r
Uemiulu. The former went into th«
fcirrntr. early in the day, but H wan not
until a It. tn. that the tog Defiance took
hold ef. her. Just about the eume time
the tug Kelialice moved out with the
Wilder In tow ami proceeded to Pea. Doth
totvboat* cast off their tows about the
ramo time, and flve minutes later both
the "wind-Jammers had laid their
courses for the islands. Long before the
tuirs let go both vessels had considerable
canvas set and It did not take long to
puck on the rest of the sail. Captains
Johns-on and Jackson have wagered a
dinner on the race and there is consider
able speculation on the result. This is the
best season of the year for fast time, and
as both vessels ¦ are clippers ten days
should see them at the islands.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 7— Br shin Cro
martyshire, from Oregon: -Br ship Halewood,
from Oregon; Br ship Helensburgh, hence Jan
14; Ital shin Mount : Carmei, hence. Jan. 16;
Dr. ehJp Fannie Kerr, : hence- Deo 29; ' Br • ship
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May 8— Br
stmr Empress of Japan, from Vancouver; Jap
stmr Hon^kongr Maru, hence April 9. '
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived May 8— Br ship
Durham, from Tacoma.
CORONEL— Sailed May 3— Stmr American,
for New York.
VALPARAISO— Sailed May 8— <3er stmr Her
monthls, for Ban Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May S— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
CALLAO— Arrived March 17— Per bark Juana
Peral, hence Oct 12.
MAZATLAN-Sailed May 7, 6 p m—Br Btmr
Guatemala, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 7— Stmr City of
Washington, for Colon.
EASTERN PORT.
COOKS IXLET— Arrived April 18— Ship Cen
tennial, hence March 24; stmr Jennie, hence
March 20. . *
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 8— Stmn Se
quoia and Scotia, hence May 7.
Sailed May 7 — Stmr Dolphin, for Skagnay;
stmr Hyades, for San Francisco. May 8— Schr
James Bennett, for Cape Nome; stmr Czarina,
for Tacoma. May 7— Schr Martha W Tuft, for
Cape Nome.
Arrived May 8 — Stmr Dora, hence May 2.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed May 8— H - B M War
spite, for E3quimalt.
CASPAR— Sailed May 8— Stmr Luella, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 8— Stmr Bertha,
PORT TO WNSEND— Arrived May 8— Stmr
Senator, from Dyea; Chll bark Latona, from
Eten; schr William Renton, from San Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed May 9— Bktn J M
Griffith, for San Diego.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed May 8— Bark Car
ondelet, for Callao.
Arrived May 8— Schr Reliance, hence Auril 28.
Wednesday, May 8.
Etmr San Jose, Brown, Panama and"- way
ports; Pacific Mail SS Co.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Bark St Katherlne, Saunders, Hllo; Welch
& Co.
Brig Wm G Irwin, Garthley, Roche Har
bor; Tacoma and Roche JIarbor Lime Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 8.
Stmr Gotama, Semsen, Coos Bay.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka.
Stmr AVhltssboro, Olsen, .
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, WMapa Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Hanson, .
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Comox.
Brig W G Irwin, Garthley. Roche Harbor.
Schr Compeer. Larsen, Everett.
Schr R J Lone, Hammond, Golofln Bay.
Schr Maggie C Russ, Oberg, Salinas Cruz.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 8. 10 p m— Wea.ther
hazy; wind NVV, velocity SO miles per hour.
SPOKEN. •
April 4. no nosition— Br ship Dunsyre, from
Oregon, for Queenstown.
May 3, lat 48 N. Ion 29 W— Fr bark Loula
Pasteur, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ship James McDonald, from Baltimore, Jor
San Francisco, now 232 days out, has been
posted to-day as uninsurable.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived May 1— Stmr Czarina,
from Seattle.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 8— Stmrs Columbia
and Alliance, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 8— Stmr Eureka,
hence May 6.
Sailed May 8— Schr Mabel Gray, for Ban
Pedro; stmr Ruth, for San Francisco; schr
Otillle Fjord, for Hllo.
UMPQUA— Sailed May 7— Schr Lily, for San
Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived May 7— Stmr W H
Kruger, hence May 3.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 7— Stmr Arcata,
hence May 4.
Sailed May 8— Schr Western Home, for San
Francisco.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, May. 8. •
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 60 hours from Port
Los Anreles. .- ' "
Stmr Greenwood. Faeerlund. 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 56 hours from Newport
(S), etc.
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 42 hours from Slus
law.
Stmr Del Norte, Stockfleth, SO hours"'' from
Crescent City.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Jamleson, 48 hours from
San Pedro.
Schr Eliza Miller. Brummer, 2^ days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Metha Nelson, Christensen, 24 days from
Kahului.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The uteamer Curacao sailed f&r CJuftymft*
with merchandise to be landed at various Mex«
lean ports, valued at $74,062. The cargo In
cluded the following: 47 pkgs arms and am»
munition. 2» tanks acid, 10 cs beer, 41 pkgs
building material, 300 cs bluertone, 161 bales
bags, 10,094 lbs beans, S4 pkgs bread, 45 cs
canned goods, 1621 lbs coffee, 17 pkgs car ma
terial, 117 tons coal. 23 colls cordage, E0 bxs
candles. 1093 lbs dried fruit. 43 pkgs dry goods,
4S cs clruKs. 15 pkgs electrical goods, 8 bbls
flour, 37 pkgs furniture, 1173 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 41 cs glassware.1326 pkgs hardware,
20 bales hay. 112 pkgs Iron. 8D.337 feet lumber,
1$ cs lard, 26 cs liquors, 374 pkgs machinery,
22 cs meal. 17 cs mineral water, 5094 lbs malt,
26 pkgs millwork. S3* kegs nails, 74 cr onions,
61 cs 2 bbls oil, S5S bdls pipe, 121 cs paint, 34
cs prunes, 4S2 sks ' potatoes. 1C5 rolls . 66 pkgs
paper, 56 bxs paste, 256 flsks quicksilver, 34 cs
rubber goods, 21 cs raisins. 4100 lbs rice, 15
pkgs ship chandler}-. 3104 bdls shooks, 22 cs
stationery^ 132 pkgs steel, 258 bxs eoap, 18 cs
salmon, 17 bales spices, 15 bales skins, 12 chesrs
tea, 25 bbls tar. 43 cr vegetables, 44 cs 3483
gals wine, 124 cs whisky, 13 pkgs wire. . • ¦
hlueetone, J05 ea bottled beer, W,M» lbfl beans,
Z% er bieyelfd and eufjdrtes, }00 e» ccgnao, U»
ps < ¦•Hrtri<1ii«<s (64') Mils cement, 36,7*7 lbs corn,
3* eniiu ruftinee, 14 Ff» rsflned goods, 4U5 tons
PUB), «,eiri ph cosl oil, }S9 pkgi» dry poods,
?i pugs elfefrlpal Ri»eh(neryf ilt* bbls flour,
J!»fl I'kgs groeprlPS and provisions, 23 b1ls tron,
tl ?>« fsmi.s guHds, «ft k^s» lefld, 1423 lbs lB,rd,
4?,2!«J ft fomtier, W pkKs IwonwHlve psrls, 45
( r ofHwns. 34 en oils, id? *r pritttlws, 61 bdls
[¦apr, \(io kefi powder, W flscks fiulekellver,
74,pf.f> lbs ri(*e, low fikgn raHf«ft4 ni8t#flsl. .»
en isslmetn, S$ rs Posp. 672 b<1l« sleeks, 62,761
lbs tail'iw, So.fiOO lt»s wilt, 8* kegs slflplns, t,f.M
ll>i* nod*, in eg 7 l.fllP whisky, ?0 rs 8213 bbltf
Hlflp, fif.fi feels barbed wlf#.
For l'anaftift— 1P.031 ft lumber, 275 bbli fleuf,
14,483 lbi PUEFf, t« 1.01s br»nmp.
Cargo on the Curacao.
CK?BAN ITBAMBH8.
Perialed han<4 Jan J5.
Passed May 7*~Qer burit JSIIkeW, frem Ore*
$an,
J'LEBTWOOP =, Arrived M»y l^Vr bark
Qmnne niichepisa Olga. henee April 8«. 1990,
JCJN8A^K=J'ftsspi| May 7-Hr eblp tVunna,
h&nce j«n \t, an4 ard^rart (© 'Antwerp,
Om5GNBTOWN=Ari1vetl M»y 7=0? ship
rslspsve, frem Tfteem», for Qtispfistewni Ur
MANlfyA=H«il»(l April 23=©«n bark Hlxtue,
fOr i'Mti"i fi.rlll.il,
H'f MlcHAEL~l'«ggi3d May S=8tfnr Hehen
xfl||°rn, ffem Wattles, denea and .Gibraltar, fer
New York, r
QUEKN8TOWN~=Arrlved May *=gtmr Teu
tonic, from N#w York, fer Liverpool, and pro
ceeded! istmr Waesltttid, from l'hll&delt>hl&, for
Liverpool i
Ballpd May i^Stmf Ultotilft, frem Dostoti,
for Liverpool.
LlVKm j oof>-Arrlv<>d May §-Stmr Nomad
lf, from New Sforkj stmr Dominion, from
Portland,
NEW YORK-Arrlved May 8-Stmr II II
Meier, from Bremen. .
Balled May 8— Stmr 8t Paul, for Southamp
ton; *tinr Frlesland, for Antwerp; stmr Ger
manic, for Liverpool; stmr Victoria, for Med
iterranean iiorts.
Arrived May 8— Stmr Servla, from Liverpool
and Queenstown.
HONGKONG— Arrived May S— Stmr Empress
of Japan, from Vancouver, via Yokohama;
stmr Hongkong Maru, from Ban Francisco,
via Honolulu and Yokohama.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 8-Stmr Patricia,
from New York, for Cherbourg 1 and Hamburg-.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived May 8— Stmr Staten
dam, from New York. '
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 8— Stmr Lahn,
from Bremen, for New York.
BOSTON— Arrived May. 8— Stmr Peruvian,
from Glaseow.
Steamer Movements.
THE BAItK RODERICK DHU AND BARKENTINE 8. G. WILDER, TWO OF THE FASTEST CLIPPERS IN THE
BUGAH FLEET THAT ARE NOW RACING TO THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. THEY ARE EXPECTED TO
MAKE THE RUN IN TEN DAYS.
Bark Roderick Dhu and Barkentine S* G* Wilder, Towed to Sea
Together, Are Last Seen Heading for Honolulu* .
CLIPPERS OF THE SUGAR FLEET
ARE NOW RACING TO THE ISLANDS
BOOKS CAUSE
HIS TROUBLES
Dr. Gilbert Leaves the
Chicago Theological
Seminary.
School.
Directors Think His Retire- 1
i - inent Is Best for the »
j CHICAGO, May 8.— "What la regarded as,
a compromise verdict was reached by the
directors of the Chicago Theological Sem
inary to-day in the case of Dri George H.
Gilbert, professor of New Testament lit
erature and interpretations of the semi
nary. The .directors voted to accept Dr.
Gilbert's resignation, but- that this action
was .based oh the charge that his teach
ings advanced' in his two books, "Revela
tions of Jesus" and "The Teachings of
the. Apostles,'' . contained heretical para
graphs is not clear. It was said that the
directors did not consider his teachings
in these books as bearing on the charge
of heresy, but concluded in a general way
that it was best for the professor's con
nection ?ith the seminary to cease. To
day's decision does not affect Dr. Gilbert'3
standing ». in the local Congregational
church- of, which he is a member.
: The charges were first brought against
the author two years ago by the Rev. E.
S. Carr of Stillman, Valley, who declared
that "The .Revelations of Jesus" con
tained passages contrary to the creed of
the seminary. The trouble hinged on the
phrase, "The ideal pre-existence of
Christ." Dr. Carr declared that the
phrase was tantamount to a denial of the
actual pre-existence of Christ. This Dr.
Gilbert emphatically denied, and asked
leave to prepare a second volume further
elucidating his meaning. He was granted
a year's leave of absence, and recently
the advance sheets of this book, were
placed in the hands of the directors^
After considering the two books as a
whole yesterday no one was found to still
advance a charge" that the professor's
teachings, were heterodox. There still re
mained- a feeling, however, that the semi
nary would be better without the author
of the troublesome books, and action was
accordingly taken along that line, Neither
Dv. Carr,- who brought the original aceu.
eatton, nor Dr, Gilbert were present at
the pegfsjon of the directors, I
The board meetings yesterday and to
day were conducted with gr«at secrecy,
It is gald that a hpt discussion, begun
yesterrtny , afternoon and lasted far into
the night and th.nt It was again taken
up this forenoon, tha Jtev. W, }3, Harton
leading (i spirited defense of th§ ft<?k'U«*u
feacher, Ur, Gilbert was popular with,
his pupils, and a number of them hftvq
tl)r$ntc*npd to leave the seminary and ge
to Oberliii as a remit of the verdiet.
The report gives the reason for th§ pre
fesaor'a dismlssai thus: "For tha goejt
of tha fleminury and of Dr. Gilbert — ."
H eotieludeu with the highest commen
dation ut the minister as a man and a
Christian, and remarks, "ills consclen-*
tlous loyalty to the truth im it han been
given him to see the truth,"
In a letter from Dr. Gilbert to the di
rectors ha pleads that to-day's view Of
the Bible's teachings is not necessarily
wrong because It is contrary to the view
of fifty years ago.
Movement of Transports.
The cabin passengers of the Egbert
were released from quarantine yesterday.
The prisoners and discharged men will be
larded to-day and the transport will prob
ably dock to-morrow.
The cabin passengers are very indignant
with Dr. Day, the ship's surgeon. They
assert that he never went near the sol
diers, and that Private John Plugge was
down with the smallpox four days before
the fact was known. Then Assistant Sur
geon G. H.. Calkins had to take charge,
andtft was lie. that vaccinated everybody
aboard and cared for the patient there
after until he died. , . . .'
Among those who came over from quar
antine yesterday was I Lieutenant W. K.
Naylor, who distinguished himself at the
battle of San Juan Hill and also at Tien
tsin. G. J. Kavanaugh, who was in China
as the representative of the Chicago Rec
ord, and Lieutenant H. A. AVhite were
also among the released passengers. They
say that f-verything is quiet in China and
that there will be no more fighting.
The transport Warren will not go to
Manila. It has been definitely decided to
Bend her north with supplies, and she will
leave for Seattle, where she will load on
the 12th inst. •
The big freight transport Samoa came
off the drydock yesterday and will begin
loading at once. She will take aboard
nbout 4000 tons here. She will. -then go. to
Portland, where' rho will take on about
£000 tons more and will finish up at Ta
coma, where she will complete her cargo
of 10,000 tons pf army supplies and fodder.
Forum Club Entertains.
The ladles of the Forum Club celebrated
Forum day yesterday by giving 1 a splen
did entertainment. Mr. Payot gave an in
tensely interesting illustrated lecture en
titled "Under the Shadow of the Pagoda,"
Mrs. Edgerton recited "Qn the Road to
Mandalay ,'.' ; and Miss t Josephine Lindley
gave several vocal selections. - •
The affair was one of the most delight
ful of the Reason. There was a very large
attendance. After the -entertainment the
guests spent a pleasant half hour sipping
Russian tea and enjoying social converse.
Mothers' Club Meeting.
The Mothers'- Club of the W. C. T. U.
held a meeting yesterday afternoon and
listened to a splendid paper by Mrs. A. C.
Bainbridge entitled "Moral Purity of the
Home." The paper, a very interesting
and practical one, was followed by. some
instrumental and vocal music. '..- ¦ : - • .
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 9,; 1901.
8
Steamer.
Destination.
| Sails.
Pier.
May 0. I 1
Santa Barb... Humboldt .....' 4 pm]Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 6 pm|Pier 2
Acme Sluslaw River 12 mjPler 13
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 1
May 1O.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 11.
South Coast.. Humboldt | 5 pra Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coquille River 110 am Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Plar 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pm Pier 2
Peru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier D
Argyll •... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 34
Eureka....... Humboldt .'.. 9 am Pier 13
May 13.
Santa Rosa... San Dle^o ........ 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
May 13.
Alliance...... Ptld & Coos Bay. 5 pm Pier —
Pomona./... Humboldt ..11:30 p Pier 9
B. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.l 5 pm Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
.. « May 14.
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 8
Newburg.l.... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
. May 15.
Queen Ban pieg-o 9 am Pier 11
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way 2 pm Pier 27
Denderah Hamburg & Way. ....... Pier 7
Fulton/. Grays Harbor ....[....... Pier —
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 9
San Pedro Humboldt '. May 9
Eureka Humboldt May 9
Newport Panama & Way Ports. May »
Guatemala..... Valparaiso & Way Pts. May 9
Santa Rosa San Diego....". May 9
Point Arena..'.. Point Arena ., May 9
Columbia Portland . and Astoria.. May li)
Arcata -oos Bay Mav in
Hyades Seattle May li
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma May ll
San Bias Champenco May n
Coptic China and Japan May 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... May ll
Pomona Humboldt May ll
Mattewan Tacoma ..; May ll
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay... May li
Kvarven Comox May l'
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May 12
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Mav 12
Mackinaw Seattle May 12
Queen San Diego Mav i?
Bonlta Newport ....* ' M av 12
North Fork..... Humboldt ....*. ." May ll
Fulton Grays Harbor May U
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor May 14
Newburgr... San Pedro May 14
Washtenaw.... Tacoma May 14
Mariposa...'.... Honolulu ;.„. . Mav 15
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria!; May 15
Corona 'Newport.*..; : JMay 15
Sun rises ,
Sun seta ..../
Moon rises ¦.
1:84**1
.5:05
.-..:07
>. m.
• ' Time - Time Time
Date Ft Ft Ft.
H W - L, W H W
9 ... 8:05 5.0 9:16 0.1 4:47 4.8
10... 3:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 6:34 4 9
H ... 4:28 4.5 11:09 0.6 6:17 6.1
|L W ; H W L W
12 ... 0:09 2.3 5:51 4.4 12:06 0 8
IS ..: 1:10 1.6 7:10 4.4 1:04 1 2
14... 2:00 0.8 8:25 4. 5 1:54 1.6
15 ...[2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41 1.7
[Timel
9:41
11:00
Ft.
'3.2
2.8
H W
7:00
7:40
8:23
9:04
6.4
6.6
'6.9
6.2
Steamer.
Destination.
| Sails.
Pier.
May 0. I 1
Santa Barb... Humboldt .....' 4 pm]Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor.... 6 pm|Pier 2
Acme Sluslaw River 12 mjPler 13
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 1
May 1O.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 11.
South Coast.. Humboldt | 5 pra Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coquille River 110 am Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Plar 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pm Pier 2
Peru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
CityPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier D
Argyll •... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 34
Eureka....... Humboldt .'.. 9 am Pier 13
May 13.
Santa Rosa... San Dle^o ........ 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
May 13.
Alliance...... Ptld & Coos Bay. 5 pm Pier —
Pomona./... Humboldt ..11:30 p Pier 9
B. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.l 5 pm Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
.. « May 14.
Bonita Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 8
Newburg.l.... Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
. May 15.
Queen Ban pieg-o 9 am Pier 11
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way 2 pm Pier 27
Denderah Hamburg & Way. ....... Pier 7
Fulton/. Grays Harbor ....[....... Pier —
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 9
San Pedro Humboldt '. May 9
Eureka Humboldt May 9
Newport Panama & Way Ports. May »
Guatemala..... Valparaiso & Way Pts. May 9
Santa Rosa San Diego....". May 9
Point Arena..'.. Point Arena ., May 9
Columbia Portland . and Astoria.. May li)
Arcata -oos Bay Mav in
Hyades Seattle May li
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma May ll
San Bias Champenco May n
Coptic China and Japan May 11
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... May ll
Pomona Humboldt May ll
Mattewan Tacoma ..; May ll
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay... May li
Kvarven Comox May l'
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May 12
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... Mav 12
Mackinaw Seattle May 12
Queen San Diego Mav i?
Bonlta Newport ....* ' M av 12
North Fork..... Humboldt ....*. ." May ll
Fulton Grays Harbor May U
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor May 14
Newburgr... San Pedro May 14
Washtenaw.... Tacoma May 14
Mariposa...'.... Honolulu ;.„. . Mav 15
G. W. Elder.... Portland and Astoria!; May 15
Corona 'Newport.*..; : JMay 15
Sun rises ,
Sun seta ..../
Moon rises ¦.
1:84**1
.5:05
.-..:07
>. m.
• ' Time - Time Time
Date Ft Ft Ft.
H W - L, W H W
9 ... 8:05 5.0 9:16 0.1 4:47 4.8
10... 3:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 6:34 4 9
H ... 4:28 4.5 11:09 0.6 6:17 6.1
|L W ; H W L W
12 ... 0:09 2.3 5:51 4.4 12:06 0 8
IS ..: 1:10 1.6 7:10 4.4 1:04 1 2
14... 2:00 0.8 8:25 4. 5 1:54 1.6
15 ...[2:52 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41 1.7
[Timel
9:41
11:00
Ft.
'3.2
2.8
H W
7:00
7:40
8:23
9:04
6.4
6.6
'6.9
6.2
CAMP REVERIE,
IN THB
RUSSIAN RIVER REDWOODS,
"In AH California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a New Plan.
On June 8, this year, CAMP REVERIE win
be opened In a redwood grove on the Ouerne-
vllle branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
vllle.
Handsome booklets with full details have been
lsft tn Ticket Ofllces of the California North-
western Railway, or adJreis CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room II, Flood buUdin*. Ban
Francisco, Office hours 13 to 4 p. m., Mon-
daya, Wednesday a and Saturdays.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
Hi Hours' Rida From Loo Angeles, Cal.
anBATRHT AT'fnACTIONS IN THB WR8T,
Third AnnuftJ It«4 *nd Itaej Fi*hln» Teur*
namenf, smsjiJcbh tha "Tuna Club,"
Klghth NrHiion ef our Famous Marln« Hand.
The Hoeiety lte«art,
H(yflit%\k'VnOPUhfi anS'COUNTflT CLUB
always open, r,f,\t srxi Tennli 'feurnamtnt*.
Air full inreffflAtlsn, hetil fAt«i, unlqut ar*
r»ne«(ii"Ht3 (or cntti|iiii« and Illustrate! P*ta-
&«,.;*,» s c p AwB|f
til South flprifij it., La» AnK*|a«, Cat.
CAZADERO ar^H
miles northwest of Ban Francisco. Hotels, cot-
tapes and camp grounds offer accommoda-
tions to suit all. Everything needed by camp-
ers supplied at reasonable prices. Fine trout
fishing, beautiful scenery, drives, bathing. An
Ideal resort. Elim Grove Hotel, under some
.management, on the banks of Austin Creek,
a mile from Cazadero; a most picturesque
epot. For particulars write The Cazadero Co.,
Cazadero, Cal. City office 749 Market st.
For the ' complexion. Indispensable for th»
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, sunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
all druggists.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS K®Sh°25S.
from San Francisco; but. 9 miles' staging:
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural bath in State; swimming and boating;
grood trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; first-class hotel anil stags
service; morning and afternoon stages; round
trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take Tib-
uron ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:3") p. m. Terms.
$2 a day or $12 a week. References— Any guest
of the past six years. For further Informa-
toin address J. F. MTJLGRETV. Skaggs, Cal.
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement: fine walks:
all mineral waters. Rates. $10 and $12 per
week. Open May 13. Circulars at city office,
913 Lai kin st, S/ F. DRURY & KROEGER.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco- $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
StaKing 2»4 hours first afternoon and 9 hours
next day. arriving- at Yosemlte Valley S p. m.
Send for illustrated folder.' WM. J. WHITE,
Gen'l Agent, 630 Market st., opposite Palace
Hotel, S. F. ; tel. Black 3371.
"¦"¦"•¦"¦¦"¦" THE NEW BXJILDINGS AND
HDITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
nui i i © School wH1 b, open t0 BUmmer
MENLO ' * uests during June and July.
irviiw-; Superior climate. excellent
PARK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
______„_„ dress - IRA O. HOOT.
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
¦ E miles from station: beautiful view; moan-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance -from Geysers;
daily mail; $7 per week. Further particulars
address G. H. BLACK, Geyserville. Sonoma Co.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. IS NOW OP*3N FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further Information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTQN. Excursion Pass.
Agent S. P. Co.. 613 Market street. ».-.•,¦
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMID THE MOUNTAINS OF MENDO-
cino. Visit this quiet little resort for
solid comfort. For particulars, apply to 8.
BTRATTON. 8 Eighth, street. City.
THE GEYSERS, •«-
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. NATtT-
ral steam baths; swimming, fishing. hunt-
Ing • and livery. Write for pamphlet. X.
WERTHEIMER, manager.
WIT I OW RANCH i 0 ™ 3 " 1 " proprietor W.
IT ILL UW n AnVll Crandell— A summer homa
In the redwoods, E miles from Santa. Crua-
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: table speaks for Itself.
For particulars, TULET & ILIF"Y Santa Crua.
CIENBROOK.
I Just the place to enjoy your vacation. Various
amusements. Plenty large & smal game. Table
& beds unsurpassed. Rates only $3 & $10. Infor-
mation at Traveler office, 20 Montgomery si,
or address O. W. R. TREDWAY, Proprietor
Glenbrook. Lake County. Cal.
WH1TF COTTAGFS howell
TTllllC WU11AUC3, MOUNTAIN.
Altitude 2000 feet. Write for circulars. MRS.
J.. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin P. O.. Cat
I CHAS. 1 PLUMlGO.
I Upholstery Company,
I M NINTH AND MARKET STS.,
; Have quite a line of SHORT LENGTHS
of : UPHOLSTERY , GOODS which will
be sold at reduced rates.
An opportunity to procure Pillow and
Cushion Covers for your summer home.
Bradford Quicksilver Mine,
San Benito County.
Silver Creek Quicksilver Mine;
Santa Clara County.
. Having bought, and developed these mines,'
during, the past three years, and now desiring
to build expensive furnaces, .we. offer to the
public, the balance of the Treasury Stock, about
30,000 shares In .each company, on the follow-
ing : terms f • ¦ . . , . . ¦"! ¦
V 60 CENTS PER SHARE. '
• No Btock sold- unless. equal amount :1b taken
In each company. - '¦ ¦
Both mines under on<f management.
. VAST QUANTITIES OF RICH ORB AL-
READY DEVELOPED. '¦ - .. '- -
DIVIDENDS WILL BE PAID A3 SOON AS
FURNACES ARE RUNNING. "¦
Quicksilver .mines ure ' the •: most permanent
and profitable of all mines. \ Our mines are
adjacent to mines that- have -produced over
$100,000,000 worth of quicksilver. - • ' ¦ .
Let ub show . you these -mines, and Judge for
yourself. . • • : ., ' . ¦ ¦
We guarantee to pay all assessments on this
stock for five years. • ¦¦ /¦/•.. >"£{; ,
The money obtained ] from the sale of stock
•will be used In the construction of Scott Fur-
naces, which Mr. Robert Scott Is now building,
and developments, which will Immediately, raise'
the pries of. the stock. . .. -
¦-:¦ -.,.— . H.:R:- BRADFORD,- .
. ; r 1 • : President and -General Manager,
; 7 North Market st..' SAN JOSE, CAL. S
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office, ..-.
413 Kearny- et... San Francisco. ¦- •".*
. - ¦¦F.DE.FREITAS, Agent.';
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
and DYSPEPSIA,
Best NATURAL Alkaline. Watery
HIGHLAN D
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' Staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, moat restful plac»
in all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— $10, $12. $i».
115 1 and $16 per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO
Sit Montgomery St.. and se© photographs of
hotel and surroundings. We take Pleasure in
writing full particular*. Address CRAIO A
WARNER.
DR. C. C O»DONNEl-»-'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping-, plcnlo and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung- disease. Uver and stomach complaints.
rheumatism and catarrh in the world; «
miles from B. F. The 8. P. R. R. and 8. F.
_s N P. R. R. gire special rates to campers;
SO cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
wator, boats and bathing free. Inquire of DR.
C. C. CDONNELL, office 1021% Market, bet.
«th and 7th, S. F. If you want your health,
pleasure and longevity this Is the place to go.
-¦¦' W
Nothing so good as good
health— no plaee so full of It u
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
3, Martens, prop,, Bachelor,
Lake County. C«l, _• , , '
• City office, 418 Fln» «t. Pofthfet.
WILBUR HOT mil.PHlJH UPRINCft,
Bulphur ereefc. ColBS* Co,, C»l., M mtl«* hv
erne* west t>t WtlttAffl*; fare $>. HottMt an*
¦tron*:»«t wat»r en th» Cwi.nt: ttmp«*r»«ttre. 144
(\"i, Cure* rliatimattam, 4rt»F*y. iilt rnfttim,
t¥\n dls«si«*. nfturaUtA, liver and kt<1n#/ mm-
plaints, paralysis, mei-miry In »y»l*m, dyistfl-
eU, catarrh, Na(«f*l mad NUh*. N*w J-ujwy
het#li fln# n*w t)«thheim#, *»"»«''lfl.n'1 trying,
Ineludlntf baths, fid a w«k. WM. oni«rjn,\ tvr,
Proprietor.
SUMMER HOMB PAH.M,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAlJtf&-nnST«Cl.A88
family resort; main hotel and cottag«»;
hunting and fishing; artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-dlalance telephone; camp-
er»* return tickets, $2 &('; open the year round,
fiend for circulars.
J. H. HAE3TEK8. Clenwood. Cal.
TOLL HOUSE.
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR A
few truest*: mountain scenery; pure air.
tg per wk. H. B. LAWLET. Callstoga. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Crux Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishing 1 , hunting and swimming; good
table: guest9 at home: never fall to come back
again: send for souvenir. VIC PONCELET.
Llagas.
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
P." O. EL VERAXO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing)), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral- baths near by. Terms.
tl per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAR-
DOU. lessee.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Two miles from St. Helena. Board and room,
$7 a week: camping privileges, Jl 50 per week.
Address W. W. McCORMICK. St. Helena.
LAKE COUNTY.— New l»-passenger Tosemite
Stage, all outside seats. Leaves Callstoga
dally (Sundays exceptod) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
to Harbin, Selgler, Adams, Howard, Ander-
son, Astorgs and Glenbrook: buy round-trip'
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Calistoga;
also to Mlddletown. Lower Lake. Kelseyville
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINGS opens May 15. '
Springs remodeled: new cottagee. dance hall,
laundry, piano, billiard and pool tables, cro-
quet and other games. Terms. 17 per week.
Round trip ticket from city by steamer Point
Arena. $7. New management. DR. W. A.
McCORMICK.
OWN a home In beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker. $30
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free:
sawmill, depot, store. postofSce at camp;
board and lodging $<; take Sausalito ferry, $3
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or H.
M. GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
BROOKSIDE— At head of Napa Valley. Free
carriage, hot and cold water, gas. baths,
springs, rooms and beard unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. G. W. CUTLER. Callstoga, Cal.
1 FOR SALE in Ben Lomond— Modern cottage, 8
rooms, bath, city water; acre wooded land;
furnished. Inquire 140 Guerrero or MRS. "W
WHITNET, Berkeley.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommodations
for few guests: mountain scenery, pure air*
?7 per week. F. McNULTY. Callstoga, Cal.
LAGtJNA FARM— IVi miles from Mt Olivet
station; boating, fishing, bathing; $3 per week.
MRS. R." BALLARD, Mt. Olivet, Sonoma Co.
GILROY FASHION STABLES-Also stage Una
to hot springs; first-class turnouts. MAIOCK
& HOOPER, proprietors. •
WEEEl CALL
©/ It Publishij the Cream of the
gj New* or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINALJ-EATURES.
°< IT 15 THE BEST WEEKLY
Q( PAPER ON THB
J PACIFIC COAST
H Tfca Best \ • Mining
n T^egraphic \/~ News That
°\ 'Jervice on /\w Is Accurate
o< The Coast / N^tuptodatc
c< Not a Line of it Sensational
©( or Faky, and Not a Line of
eJ i^ Dry or Uainteresting.
CK Bright, Clean. A Champ!*] of
_1 Thoughtful. TrutJi.
<J A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
/J ALL THE TIME.
3 J/OVOCATES T~SE\T BT
Dfi.HALL'5 fiEIN YlGOBATORffRfm
Fiva hundred reward for any {nj|£iJljjj
case we cannot cure. This secret BH EBfl
remedy- stops all losses In 24 hours
cares Emissions, Impotency Varu Hi -ii wJ9
cocele, Gonorrhea. Gleet Fits. 9&k HB3
Strictures. Lost Manhood and aJI IimI PHD
wasting effects of self-abuae or RW WM
exees.es.- Sent sealed. ?2 bottle; S i^wJ^I
bottles. Jo; guaranteed to cure anv mil a*
flress HALL-S MEDICAL KOTITOTB. 8S3
*£?&?£ & ar* amiw auicw/
H you want to
know where to
go this Summer
V • ¦ ¦• •
Whether to a mineral spring resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal waters, or to a farm, where you
-¦ can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a' picturesque
town, from which you can, In a short
walk or drive, commune with nature in
her valleys,' foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
' of some shady stream,
Call or write for
"VACATION 1901"
• ¦ / . .
This is a Httlo book Just issued by the
California Northwestern Railway Com*
pany, and |s profusely Illustrated, Jt gives
camping 1 ' locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts In Mftrln, Bonomu, Mendo-
clno and Lake counties. Besides, it eon*
tains a list of about 260 farms and homes
where board, during the summer months
em be Rrocured at frem $9.00 to $10 00 per
WMki
Ticket offleei «M Market fltreet <Chre.nl-
els building) and Tlburen Ferry. General
office, Mutual lAta building, Sanaofiia and
California etroots, Sao Francisco.
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
11. C. WHITING, General Manager.
HOT SPRINGS.
" A grotto, 1400 feet up in the coast range,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fos and winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable temperature; seven miles stage • from
Soledad; hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladles;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank,
30x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. ; round-trio ticket $S. C.
T. ROMIE, prop.; J. O. VAL.PEY. manager.
...NAPA... NapaCounty,
SODA SPRINGS Cal -
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resortsi .
' Rates J10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily,
foot of Market street, 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further information address
A. DOLLMANN, Proprietor.
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES.
SAUSALITO. Only SO minutes from the city:
most beautiful location and marine view: an
unexcelled summer and winter resort; table
and service of the G GRAHAM>
Late of Hotel Mateo, Manager.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium. ¦ .
Formerly > Agua Caliente Springs. Bonoma
Valley. No staging; 46 miles via C. N. Ry.
or S. P. R- R. Immense swimming tank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It. Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone. Rates, $12 and $14.
COOPER ,& SHEDDEN. Agua Caliente. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN LAKE
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
end boats. Write for circular. EDGAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort; -climate unsur-
passed ; mo6t beautiful spot in Santa Clara
County; great relief for people with asthma;
65 miles from S. F.; fare $165; free 'bus.
JOHN NEVILL. proprietor. Los Gatoa.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland: best medicinal
waters in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland. Mendoclno Co..- Cal.
J O H rt N N I S 13 E Ft G .
Under entire new management and owner-
ship. Family Resort in the Napa Redwoods.
Exhilarating air; hunting, fishing, swimming
and boatlnsr: terms reasonable ;• send for circu-
lars. THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR., Propri-
etor. Oakville. Napa County.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. V/1U hereafter be open th«
year round. Bus meets ' 11 o'clock train from
city at present. The culinary department will
receive ipecail attention. For rates and par-
ticulars address HOTEL 1I-.UNT VIEW, Ross
Valley. Marin Co. Cal. *
C i MD T 1 VI AD Cottages, camping, fishing,
V/Allir i A 1 LUK amusements. Ideal place
for summer outing; 29 miles • from S. F.;
among the redwoods. H. G. MARTIN, propr.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
On* the shore of Clear Lake; home. cooking:
17 ' per week and upwards. F. and" A. M.
SCALES, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal. :
THE OAKS.
ON BRANCIFORTE DRIVE— 60 minutes to
beach; mail dally by carrier; private board-
ing. Particlars Mrs, Czarina Smith. Bta; Crua.
HO! FOR THE GEYSERS.
Via C. C. Foss' Stage Line from Callstoga.
The scenic route.. Livery In connection. . C C.
FOSS, Proprietor, CallstoKa, Cal. ; " :„
s VICHY f RINGS,
' The only - ulace In the United States where
•Vichy "Water Is ¦ abundant. . The . only natural
Electric i Waters; Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. . J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
, -, ¦¦.. ¦¦.¦";¦ Proprietors. .
MOUNTAIN' VIEW . RANCH, near Santa
Cruz, in heart of the mountains; among
the redwoods; first-class accom. ; very, reason-
able terms; telephone, swimming tank, croquet
and amusements: .daily mail: new Improve-
ments; our well-known table is our recommen-
dation. Round trip campers to Glenwood, lncL
stage. , $3 75. Frank R. ; Dann. Santa Crua.
PLANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen' miles from
. Cazadero,' on stage line. Good trout fishing,
plenty fruit, j cream, milk; free, conveyance • for
parties ¦ of 2 or • more ; • grand • redwood scenery.
Address J. Lutt ringer. Sea view, Sonoma Co., or
apply Mr. ICruse, 207 Front St., for particulars.It is the first time that proceedings of
this character have been taken under
section 1167 of the Penal Code. Lewis
was tried on the charge of forging the
name of Meyer Lewis to a deed of prop
erty on Jackson street. He was Indicted
by the Grand Jury and when the case
was tried before a jury in Judge Lawlor'9
court the plea of insanity was raised and
the Jury, on April 13, acquitted the de
fendant on the ground that he was in
sane at the , time of the crime. Lewis
was ordered into the, custody of the
Sheriff, and the Judge sent him before
the Insanity Commissioners for examina
tion.
"Major" Edwin Lewis was adjudged
insane by a jury in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday and to-day he will be ordered
sent to the Insane asylum at Napa. The
jury was out for but a few minutes.
Lewis Is now fully acquitted on the
charge of forgery.
Drs. Windele and Wadsworth
Find Themselves in the
Minority.
He Is Now Fully Ac
quitted of the Charge
of Forgery.
JURY DECLARES
LEWIS INSANE
be held in Mexico this fall, and former
Minister to Siam, is at the Palace. He
arrived yesterday, and will leave for Port
land next week, after conferring with the
Chamber of Commerce in regard to mat
ters affecting Pacific Coast interests that
will come before this great international
convention. Barrett is the only member
of the United States delegation from the
far West. In a statement concerning this
gathering he says: .
The general public at the present moment
does not appreciate the nature and Importance
of this International - conference of American
States, commonly termed the Pan-American
Congress, that is to be held In Mexico this
fall. It is even confused with the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition in Buffalo and is • described as
a South American exposition to be. held in Mex
ico Instead of a congress.
In due time, however, the wide scope of Its
labors will be understood. It will be the most
significant gathering of nations ever . held in
this hemisphere. Some European papers, in
discussing . its possible effects, declare that it
.will surpass the memorable International peace
conference at The Hague. There will be en
voys, or delegates, in attendance from every
independent nation of North, South and Cen
tral America. This congress will be in session
for two or three months, commencing In Octo
ber. The Mexican Government Is making elab
orate preparations to receive and entertain the
delegates. They will be taken, I am told, over
Mexico and shown its resources and will prob
ably be Invited to visit other Central American
countries. • ¦ -
If I may be allowed to make an unofficial
suggestion I would say that it would be a good
thing for the Pacific Coast to invite In due
time the foreign delegates at this . convention
to visit this section after adjournment and be
fore they return to their respective capitals.
It will be a long time in the future before we
will have another opportunity of showing such
a large body of distinguished and influential
statesmen of our sister republics what an Im
portant section of the United States the Pa
cific Coast is. The average Latin public man
is limited in his knowledge of our country to
New York and the Eastern seaboard.
Among other leading questions that may'
come before the conference are the following:
Arbitration of all International disputes before
a permanent Pan-American tribunal: reciprocal
tariffs or an International customs union to
facilitate and foster trade; improvement of
postal facilities; better new systems of sea and
land transportation lines: a Pan-American
railway system: the trans-Isthmian canal; bet
ter international banking: arrangements, and.
in short, ways and means of promoting closer
relations of commerce and amity among the
sister countries of the Western hemisphere.
Says Members Should Be In
vited to Pay a Visit
to This Coast.
John Barrett," , delegate of the United
States to the Pan-American Congress to
Delegate John Barrett
on Pan-American
Congress.
IS IMPORTANT
TO CALIFORNIA
". Dr. John J. Kinyoun left last Tuesday
night for St. Paul, where he will enter
upon his duties as Federal quarantine of
ficer. His place at this port, has been
•taken by Dr. Duncan Carmichacl, late, of j
Honolulu. '
Dr. Kinyoun Beparts.
The Woman's Christian - Temperance
Union, with the authority of the Board
of Education and the Superintendent of
Schools, has sent out blank cards contain
ing a pledge to abstain from the use of
tobacco to the pupils in the school de
partment Thousands of the cards have
been distributed and returns are expected
within th«- nev£ few days.
Anti-Tobacco Pledge.
Secretary White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children has ap
plied for letters of guardianship over Jen
ta Fisburn. the 9-year-old daughter of an
ex-Methodist minister residing at 1877 Mis
sion street. Secretary White states in his
petition that the mother is an inebriate
and that he believes the man with whom
she is living is not a minister, but an im
posto-. r -'"'''"r^; ¦' •
Seeks Rescue of Neglected Child.
The grand concert which is to be given
under the auspices of the. Home-finding
Association of the Pacific Coast next Fri
day evening at Sherman & Clay Hall
promises to meet with well deserved suc
cess. Enough tickets have already been
sold to insure a crowded house. * An ex
cellent musical programme has been pre
pared and the committees and members
of the association are doing everything in
their power to provide. a.n enjoyable en
tertainment. The society Is organized for
the purpose of finding Uenjes for orphans
and for rescuing boys and girls from Jails
and reform institutions. V
Those who will take part in tho pro
gramme Friday evening- are: Miss Nettle
Wollner. Miss Kittle Cummings. Miss
Edna Dudley. Miss Ruth Smith. Mrs. Al
exander Marrjuardt; Miss Camille Frank,
Miss Eileen McCabe. Mrs. Noah Brandt,
Tj Waterman. Master Ormond Smith. R.
E J. Korn, F. Cooke Cald well. Herbert
Williams. D. B. Crane, L. A. Laraen. Dr.
B. W. Smith and the pupils of Cal dwell
College. The Knickerbocker, quartet has
also volunteered its services.
CHARITABLE SOCIETY
TO GIVE GRAND CONCERT
The work of getting the rrand nave
ready for the Presidential visit la pro
gressing rapidly and everything will" be
ready by Saturday night. Paris Kllburn.
president of the commission, is superin
tending the work. The display will be a
credit to the State when completed. Flow
ers, flags, bunting and electric lights will
transform the nave into a veritable bower
for the time being.
George F. Allardt, the civil engineer,
sought to recover an old map of the water
front which he thought he had' made in
18CS and now in the possession of the
board. Ex-Engineer Budd said the map
was invaluable to the .commission and
could not be given up. Further, he point
ed out that, having been in possession of
the board for over twenty years, it was
now the property of the State. The map
was looked up and It was found to be one
certified to by Allardt In 1S69. Mr. Allardt
said it was not the map he thought it was
and withdrew his claim.
Frank Lester soueht to abandon his
contract to purchase all the old lumber
removed from wharves at $2 95 per thou
sand feet, but the board informed him
tho contract would have to stand.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The State Board of Harbor Commission
ers held a short session yesterday and
then adjourned over until Wednesday
¦week. The engineer was ordered to pre
pare plans and specifications for the re
piling and repairing of Beale-street
wharf.
John Williams, practical miner, was the
witness yesterday In the United States
Circuit Court in the Grass Valley mining
case. The whole day was taken up with
the continuation of his cross-examination
by Lawyer Moore, but he did not vary
a particle from the testimony given by
him on the direct examination by Curtis
H. Lindley. The whole scope of the ex
amination was as to the paternity of cer
tain gold-bearing veins tapped by the \V.
Y O D. auartz mine shaft, one of the.
se'ven mines owned by the Grass Valley
Exploration Company, and surrounding
the property of the Pennsylvania Consoli
dated Mining Company. Mr. Williams
had worked underground in the mines at
Grass Valley for seven years, and testi
fied that the veins tapped by the W. Y.
O D. shaft apexed within the surface
lines of the Pennsylvania Consolidated.
To-day W. F. Englebright. a mining sur
vevor will be placed on the stand to ex
plain to Judge Morrow the result of sur
veys made by him since the beginning of
the suit.
Pennsylvania Vein.
Diggings Shaft Trespasses on
Declares That the Work-Your-Own-
JOHN WILLIAMS STICKS
TO HIS TESTIMONY
Concerning Rights of Chinese
and Other Immigrants.
The Solicitor cf the Treasury has hand
ed down an opinion to the effect that chil
dren born in the United States of non
r.aturalized aliens and taken abroad by
their parents shall upon return to this
country be adjudged alien Immigrants.
Should such a child, after reaching the
Ege of 21 years, voluntarily return to the
Inited States and make it his permanent
home, asserting the right of citizenship in
virtue of his nativity, his poltlcal status
would then be determined according to the
law and constitution of the United States.
A reg-ulation has been, promulgated by
the Treasury Department to the effect
that certificates of birth may be issued
by the Secretary of the Territory of Ha
waii to Chinese persons born in said Ter
ritory, and certificates may be issued like
wise to Chinese of the exempt classes un
df>r section 6 of the act approved July 5
:SS4. and are prima facie evidence of the
right of the holder tnereof to admission
at continental ports of the United States
Decisions by the Treasury Department
ZJATIVE BORN CHTLDREN
OF AXIEII PARENTAGE
The fight that has long been waged be
tween Captain W. A. Nevills and his min
ing partners. William H. Martin and John
Ballard has taken a new and interesting
turn Two suits were filed against Martin
and Ballard yesterday, one by Captain
Nevills. the other by Delia F. Nevills, in
which the plaintiffs seek to recover pei
sonal belongings of considerable value.
In her suit Delia F. Nevills alleges that
Martin and Ballard have unlawfully pos
sessed themselves of and wrongfully hold
six oil paintings valued at $600, ten small
pictures worth $250 and her wearing ap
parel, which she values at $200. NevlHs
claims the defendants have possessed
themsplves of an assaying outfit; a pair
of gold scales, a blacksmith's outfit and
his clothes, all of the value of $1450. .
In conclusion, the plaintiffs demand the
return of their clothes and other property
or their equivalent in gold coin. ;
Captain and D»lia F. Nevills Bring
Suit to Recover Personal
Belongings.
SAY MINING PABTNEBS
WITHHOLD THEIR CLOTHES
General committee ol arrangements— George
Alpers chairman; E. V. McCoy, vice presi
dent" J M Sullivan, secretary; T. H. Corco
ran H* Elmers, J. Salomon. J. H. Robinson,
J C Nobmann. A. W. Schroeder, J. J. Hayes,
Joseph Stulz, H. Rawe, H. B. Arnold, D. F.
Keefe A. Irvine, H. G. Lachmann, A.- Mc-
Vlcker, J.r.W. King.
Reception committee— Joseph A. Stulz,
chairman; John LacVcmann, T. Salomon, P. A.
Buckley. W. C. Morckeni D. Hughes, M.
Meyer A. W. Lehrke.
Honorary reception committee — William
duff chairman ; Andrew Patrick, E. B.
Blood H. D. Loveland. S. Martin. F. H. Ty
ler Thomas Klrkpatrlck, E. J. Luhman, W.
M ' Kratz, L. D. Radgesky, F. Snell, A. Mer
tief. Colonel Jeff Floyd, E, Gulttard, James
The committees to whom are due the
success of the picnic were composed aa
follows:
THE thirtieth annual celebration
of grocers' day took place yester
day at Schuetzen Park, San Ra
fael. The Retail Grocers' Associa
tion of this city turned out In
force, with the result that the largest pic
nic of the season filled the park. Fully
3000 people crowded through me gates.
The early trains from this city were
crowded and the merrymakers kept ar
riving until late in the afternoon. At the
park there was everything to amuse from
pelting a wooden doll to whirling a wheel
of fortune. There were guessing contests
for the ladles, target shooting for men,
races for fat men and races for thin men,
and every one had a show to win a prize,
of which there were hundreds.
The winners of the races were as fol
lows :
Boys' race, under 8 years— Charles Kins.
Roy Terrll, Charles Dreyer.
Girls' race, under 8 years— May \olsanga
cimo, Isabelle Armstrong. Josephine Maguire,
Boys, 8 to 12 years— Eddie Baehr, Alfred
Hons, Henry Hons.
Girls' race, 8 to 12 years — Hazel Hanjes, An
nie Connors, Ethel Dreyer.
Boot and shoe race— Joseph McCarthy," M.
McDonough, Fred Malley.
Girls' race— Grace Dreyer, Annie Schulken,
Irene Danehy.
Young ladies' race — Gertie Bank, Clara
Thoetodrus. Kitty McKay. • \
Men's race— J. F. Kelly, Louis Lacazette. E.
B. Blanehard. ¦ ,
Married ladies' race— Mrs. H. B. Kelly, Mrs.
Williams, Mrs. McEwen.
Contrary race for retail ffrocers clerks — A.
H Pape, D. Hanley, M. McDonough.
City salesmen's race^-Joe Handman, Leo
Marks, A. B. Kalmack.
Games— J. W. King, chairman; W. "W.
Hewitt, master, of ceremonies; P. J. Kennedy,
announcer; Joseph Handmann, starter; Con
Grau, Joseph Nesbett, N. Marisch, F. W.
Meyer, J. J. * Crowe. J. H. Muller, • A. H.
Powers, Louis Baudoin.
Harrold, William •'Wellman, F. Johnson, J.
Levl Jr., S. Schwabacher, Dan O'Callaghan,
M. J Fontana, S. Sussman, A. Lorabach, J.
E. Godley, George Bradford.
A second prize striking contest of lady
blacksmiths will be the feature extraor
dinary of to-night's Ml! at the Chutes and
Zoo. The usual amateur programme
will also be given.
Belle "Wilton. Evans, Devees and Evans;
Satnella, Murdock and De Camp, G. S.
Wanrell. Maybelle Bowman and the
Golden West trio ai»e the entertainers at
Fischer's this week. G. S. Wanrell fur
nishes some good songs and the rest of
the bill is worthy.
The Oroheum has a rattling good bill
this week, with a galaxy of vaudeville
stars to furnish entertainment. The
Agoust jugglers and Mclntyre and Heath
are top-notchers, Zeb and Zarrow and the
four Huntings are also clever eccentrics
and the rest of the bill is all good.
• • •
"A Son of Napoleon" has not aroused
much interest with audiences at the
Grand Opera-house. The play is not as
Sroofi as the players and it is uphill work
for them with the inferior material of
fered. It is excellently staged, the vari
ous scenes of the Napoleonic drama being
faithfully and picturesquely portrayed.
Xext week "Government Acceptance"
will be the bill. '
Next week the theater will have a nov
elty in the appearance of Terry Mc-
Govern. the champion featherweight, in
his play, "The Bowery After Dark," with
all modern improvements.
Like "Uncle Tom's Cabin," "The Oc
toroon" never grows eld. and strong proof
of its perennial interest may be seen in
the size of this week's audiences at the
Central. The old slave drama is beauti
fully staged and is well presented by the
Central forces.
"The Conquerors," now In its third
week at the Alcazar Theater, is still
drawing biff houses. On Monday next it
will give place to "Friends," the favorite
Milton Royle drama, and of which one
clever performance was given at the
theater on Monday evening last
• • •
The long ajid successful run of "The
Idol's Kye" at the Tivoli comes to a close
this week and with it one of the record
performances at the popular little opera
house. "The Idol's Eye" was also one
of last year's record-breakers, but the
performance of this vear is much better
•than last year's and it has received
appreciation accordingly. Next Monday
night will see the first performance here
of "The Toymaker." by Edmond Audran.
the composer of "Olivette" and "The Mas
cot." The plot is bright and original and
the music tuneful.
* • •
The playgoing town is Investing largely
this week in "The Lottery of Love," run
by James Nelll and company at the Cali
fornia Theater. The smart Daly play is
smartlr acted and staged and is full of
wholesome, rollicking fun, with a not too
obtrusive moral comfortably tucked in be
tween the lines. The comedy will hold
the boards till Saturday evening, with a
bargain matinee this afternoon, and will
be followed by "Barbara Frietchie," one
of the prize plays in the company's reper
toire, on Sunday evening. "Barbara
Frietchie," which will be seen here for the
first time. Is by the popular playwright,
Clyde Fitch, and deals, of course, with
time of war.
time of war. The sale of reserved seats
for this piece will open at. the box office
this morning.
"Sag Harbor,'* James A. Herne's latest
play, is proving a solid attraction" at the
Columbia this week. It is one of the
pleasantest dramas that has been seen
here for some time, full of homely fun,
human nature and Ihe salt' sea air. No
great dramatic instinct has gone to its
making, but it will live when contem
porary plays a hundred times cleverer
shall be a long time dead. The company
presenting "Sag Harbor" is handsomely
adequate and the settings are most pic
turesque. The play will run for this and
next week and will give way to Henry
Miller and his company in "Gudgeons."
"The Conquerors" Maintains
Its Great Popularity
at Alcazar.
Houses.
The "Lottery of Love"
Is Drawing Full
CROWDS FLOCK
TO "SAG HARBOR"
NAME SCHOOL
AFTER TEACHER
Board of Education Pays
Tribute to Miss
Jean Parker.
Many Pedagogues Are Sup
plied With Permanent
Certificates.
Permanent primary grade certificates — Mrs.
Mnry L. Beldin*. Misses Muriel M. Richards
and Susie C. Far-well. Mrs. R. Luis. Misses
J. Z. Bowman, Helen Wright and Ellen Don
ovan.
Permanent grammar school certificates—
Misses May E. Devlne. Eliza D. Keith, Anna
A. Love. Lena Booth. E. Honlgsberper. E. T.
Pugh. Mary E. Crowlcy and Asnes G. Jlegan.
Mrs. B. A. Shaw, Misses Cordelia Burnham,
Rae Alexander, G. C. Morse, J. H. Gillesple,
C. E. Provost, I. H. Rankin, Roberta E. L.
Heath, Kate Meighan. Mary C. McKlnney,
Nellie C. Haswell. Julia M. Neppert. Llzz'ie
McCorkell. Emma F. Beardsley. Katherlne A.
McGivern. G. J. Cohen, Sarah S. Simpson and
J. A. Dv.;yer. Mrs. Juiia Sarles, Misses Mary
E. Doud. Martha Cah-crt, Susie Haas, M. V
Arnold. Bertha Dwbrzazek. Kate Mandeville
end W. W. Stone. Mrs. C. C. Newhall. Misses
Esther Simms and K. R. Lewis, L. Bowman
Misses Cora A. Glidd»n, Mabel F. Sankey, S
J. Jones, A. E. Slavau. Rose Fay, May H.
Lanigan, V. Evans-Smith. Lona A. Folsom.
Mary T. Fhea, J. M. Bo'.and and L. H. Krauss,
Mrs. Hattie .J. Bain. Miss Effle Edith Smith.
Mrs. L. K. Burke, Mre. M. A. Eteele. Misses
M. Hctzer, K. B. Childs, May M. McDonnell.
Ruby A. Jewell, Kale J. Riley, Martha A.
Watson, Agnes Patterson Barry, Josephine
Leszynsky, Marie J. Johnson, Ida M. Perl,
Agnes A. Carey. Josephine E. Claiborne. Mary
V. Usher. Margaret C. Kelly, Emma F. El
liot, M. E. Barry. Belle Ryan. May Casey and
M. A. Roper, Mrs. May E. Dixon, Misses An
nie Harney, Alice E. Lynch, A. E. Gavlgan,
I. R. Brown, M. J. Gallagher, May L. Crogan,
Delia Clayburgh and Eila J. Morton. Mrs. A.
C. Kelly, Misses Ada Schendel. Louise C.
Neppert, Janet Wade. Virginia D. Heath and
Mary E. Keatinp. Mra. Sarah F. Laven, Misses
H. L. Wooll, Mary H. Melrose, Mamie E.
Gurry. Alice M. Martin, Mary Casey. Agnes
J. ConoUy, J. E. Gre^r. Anjrele C. Karatar,
R. Jacobs. Helen V. McFarJand, Mary G.
Xoon. Mary Eva Thomas, K. A. Maloney.
Minnie R. B'.ey. Mary A. Glidden and M.
Phillips. Mrs. Edith Helen Lyon. Misses E.
Ll Meader, Anra Weltig. Mary A. Fay. Clara
A. Adams, Alice L. Derrick, Nellie Armstrong,
Fannie Hare and Virginia Stewart. Mrs. An
r.ie M. Brown. Mrs. C. F. Starke, Misses
Katherine A. Maxwell. Margretta M. Robinett, '
Bertha Goldsmith, Julia A. Murphy, M. J.
H.w«on. Al'.ce M. D'Arer. Annie W. Qulnn,
Delia E. Pare, M. A. Monahan, Cora Gal
lachcr, A. L. Grimm. Emily A. Wiekman.
Etta E. Hammond. C. M. Johnston, Elizabeth
r«er.nis. Barbara C. Bar.nan, Leah Rosenberg,
T. C. Stohr, Rose Goldsmith, B. Itoper, Nellie
G. Gallagher, Kate MeClain. Mary A. Scherer.
Mary A. Ahern and Lulu F. Durkin. Mrs.
Josephine Kennedy, ilis&es, Rachel Meyer and
Rosalie Hsrby. Mrs. J. S. Love, Mif=ses Rae
Alexander, Lou M. Classen, F. Rosenfeld, C.
E. Dona. Emma Scholl, Mary E. Moroney and
H. Phillips, Mis. Lo-jise Xarjot Howard.
The following named were granted per
manent certificates on recommendation of
the Board cf Examination:
Superintendent Webster filed his month
ly report, in which he recommends that
the Fairrnount and Monroe School be re
placed with new structures. The report
also recommends the introduction of re
form spelling authorized by the Ameri
can and English Philological societies.
Teachers of the Sunnyside, Noe Valley
and Bergerot schools complain that over
crowded classes prevent them from giv
ing necessary time to work in languages.
A lack of maps and history charts is
noted. Deputy Sullivan reports that more
attention should be paid to the better
lighting of classrooms.
Leave of absence was granted to Miss
Josie L. Blum, and Miss Joeie Frank was
elected to fill the vacancy in the James
Lick School caused by the resignation of
Miss J. E. Claiborne.
The departments of stenography and
typewriting in the Hamilton Evening
School were abolished on account of poor
attendance.
In recognition of the eminent services
of Miss Jean Parker in the cause of edu
cation the School Board Vesterday adopt
ed a resolution changing the name of the
Broadway Grammar .School to the Jean
Parker Grammar School. Miss Parker's
resignation as principal of the school was
Hccepted, she having taken a position in
the State Normal School after thirty
years' service in the local School Depart
ment. Miss Amy T. Campbell was elected
to succeed Miss Parker.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY^ MAY 9, 1901.
Running Races,^Guessing Contests, Target Shooting and Dancing
Afford Great Amusement for Both Old and> Young*-
GROCERS AND THEIR MANY GUESTS
MAKE MERRY AT SCHUETZEN PARK
SCENES AND INCIDENTS AT THE ANNUAL REUNION AND PICNIC OF THE RETAIL GROCERS AT SCHUET
ZEN PARK. IT WAS ONE OF THE MOST SUCCESSFUL OUTINGS GIVEN BY THE ASSOCIATION AND WAS
ATTENDED BY SEVERAL THOUSAND PEOPLE. • ¦• /
It was after 6 o'clock when the band
in the dancing pavilion played "Home,
Sweet Home," and the happy throng
boarded the train for the city.
: The Grocers' Association was organized
in 1871, ¦ and since then has increased in
membership and . standing . until to-day it
is one of the strongest associations of its
kind In the country.
STOLE A VALUABLE DOG.— Sec Nichols,
a Jockey, was arrested yesterday afternoon on
a warrant charging him with grand larceny
for stealing a valuable dog belonging to Joseph
Baruch, 900 Market street. He took the dog
with him to Honolulu, but did not bring It
back when he returned recently. ;
To avoid a scandal Police Judge Ca
baniss decided yesterday to hear the case
of Dora Fuhrlg, charged with murder in
connection with the . death of Mrs. Hen
ninger, although the other Judges had
refused to hear it. Judge Cabaniss set the
case for hearing to-morrow morning. Ex-
Judge Ferral, the accused woman's at
torney, will have to notify the witnesses
for the prosecution to be present, as no
one else seems inclined to do so.
Dora Fuhrig Case Set.
Donnelly Defends Himself.
Edward Donnelly had a hearing before
the Civil Service Commission yesterday
regarding his dismissal from the position
of inspector of street and sewer work un
der the Board of Public Works. City En
gineer Grunsky recommended Donnelly'3
dismissal on tho report of Assistants Con
nick and Jones on the ground of Incom
petency, and the consent of the commis
sion is necessary before the discharge can
be effected. Donnelly, who la 75 years of
age, spoke In his own defense, and the
matter was taken under advisement by
the commission.
ined and hi3 answers w#re irrevelant. lie
said he used liquor spasmodically for
sanitary reasons and had innumerable
drinks daily. ' «/
. Drs. Wadsworth and "Wlndele were also
examined and they testified that • Lewis
was sane. Dr. Wadsworth said he had
known Lewis for years and said the last
named was only irrational while under
tho Influence of liquor. Wlndele admitted
that he had never seen Lewis before May
«, and he had judged his mental condi
tion while he was talking with Judge
Hebbard. He admitted that the state- of
a man's mind varied and that to Judge
properly of one's condition he should be
placed under surveillance. It was hinted
that the object of finding Lewis sane was
to turn him loose in the belief that the
acoulttal of the Jury at the trial was
sufficient.
A number of witnesses were examined.
They all- testified that they believed
Lewis to be of unsound mind. They
were: John Landers, insurance agent;
Recorder Edmond Godchaux and two of
his assistants, Charles O'Malley Cosgrave
and Joseph P. Hayes; Clarence Gray,
Richard Wheeler, John T. Dare, Charles
A. Murdoch, John P. Le Romer, Deputy
Sheriffs John M. Coulter and Joseph
Windrow, Hiram T. Graves, George
Childs, George H. Dill. Detective T." B.
Gibson, Rodman P. Lewis, brother of the
defendant, and Policeman John R. Lewis,
hia son. The defendant was also exam-
The Commissioners examined Lewis on
May 3 and reported that he was sane.
The examiners were Drs. Edwin Wlndele
and Charles C. .Wadsworth. Their action
necessitated a jury being., again sum
moned to decide upon the sanity or In
sanity of Lewis and that body heard the
testimony yesterday.
9
GRAPE-NUTS.
NIGHT LUNCHEON.
Al! Eight if of the Bight Kind of
Food.
The difference brought about by the use
of well -selected food, as compared with
ordinary food, Is well shown in the experi-
ence of a girl attending high school and
boarding: herself.
She says: "My 'housekeeping* compelled
early rising and I used to become very
sleepy over my books. To keep awake I
resorted to the use of strong: coffee and
In a short time I began to have a dull,
stupid feeling. No appetite, but a feeling
of 'goneness.' I realized that I must cat
something or faint In the classroom. I
would wash down a little breakfast with
another cup of coffee.
"I began growing thin, pale and ner-
vous and made very unsatisfactory ad-
vancement in my studies.
Or.e day the rood wife of one of bur
Professors asked me If I felt well, as I
appeared so weak and nervous. .Between
my sobs I manag-ed to relate my woes.
She saw where the trouble lay, and ad-
vised me to leave off tea and coffee and
take ud Postum Food Coffee and Grape-
Jvuls Food.
'I followed her advice and found the
PoPtum a delicious beverape, and the
Grape-Nuts Just what I wanted. So my
breakfast consisted of a little fruit, a sau-
cer of Grape-ICuts, and a cup of Postum.
an ideal breakfast.
"It. at night, I felt the need cf some-
thing to eat before retiring, I ate a little
Grape-Nuts. ? '.-> ¦ •* . -»«^
"My head grew clearer, my cheeks rosy, ;
and I gained so rapidly in health that all
ray acquaintances remarked upon it."
There. is a reason, for both Postum and
Grape-Nuts contain the elements from na-
ture's storehouse that the body uses to
rebuild the braJn and nerve centers
throughout. These wonderful food ele-
ments are presented in such a fascinating
form that users stick to them year after
year and very greatly to their benefit.
The name and address of this j r ounjr lady
can be dven by the Postum Cereal Co..
I BB^ta^^^^^^PSHSHB * fco hest Smown f^meeiy for p
1^^^^^ <h ' S univGr8a ' oom P laint ' I
'%? ' Catarrh is at home almost anywhere and everywhere. ||
! ¦''^^^^SSS^^^BH^^ffl® Wh iIc morc common in cold, changeable climates, it is by no |J
| Rs^^^^^^^^g^^ ISP means confined to them, but is prevalent in every state and |i^
! ¦ comTon'definhlon of catarrh Is a chronic cold in i
I BSSIhF''' >iiS^^^^^^^^^^^^B the head, which if lone neglected often destroys the sense of H
'''' '^^^^^^^ «-^^^^^^S^SS^^B 1588 sme^ an<^ hearing? but there are many other forms of the ||
\ -^"^T^^^^^^^^^^^^K disease, even more obstinate and dangerous. M
$ i*£§ t aT'/ 4^ s^^?^^!i^^^^^^^^^^^ catarrh of the stomach and liver are almost as common as ||2
I \'S$fc ': 1|&* x 4^V^^^^^^^^l casa * catarrh and generally more difficult to cure. . $fr
b /jwli"''— > Catarrh is undoubtedly a blood disease and can only be
I '^!^^^^^^^^^^ %M*r • s^C^^^^^^'^^^I^S 1^ successfully eradicated by an internal treatment; Sprays, J|
1 '^^^^^^^^W ,{Wv^ f isllliW if 8' 1 washes and powders are useless as far as reaching the real seat 3j|
| j '4 JIBl^ *j #'""" SlmilF^Sj Dr. Mclverney advises catarrh sufferers to vsc a new 1|
I I^^^^^B 5 ;!\lfM %aJw prepa^on, sold by druggists, called Stuarf s Catarrh Tablets, p
I -^^^^^^^^^^^^^^IbS iIP) ¦ "' *»® iliiiiPv^ 1 ieiiliPiN' because actual analysis has shown these tablets to contain cer- Ip;
'$ P^^^S^^^^^^MilC! • ¦ l^W.^^^^^^^^Stf tain aat^Ptk qualities of the highest value and being an, in- |i
I Rft^^^^^^M S'^^Si^^^^^B " Cat^ hw ]^fa^i y^d^ch a cold which would settle m 1
I tS8^Sp||i^^»^ JH JWp^^^^^S m ? hcad throat and haQ s on aU winter Ion * and everv i:
| )^^^s||^^^^^^^^^^B^^»^ ¦^"^^ s^?^^^^^^^^^S^^^F- winter it seemed to get a little worse. I was continually clear- fe-
i| l^^^^^B^^^hSv ' <\ '¦'• ' v -^^^^^^Hl^^ • inff my t^ roat and my voicc k« am2 eff«ct«d to such an extent |y|
| :i^^p^^^^tli|iM^v-M' %i ' • * tf * cd tf0C^ lcs and cheap cough cures and sometimes got ||
,| \vi \|^iSv|». "^^^^fi^j relief, but only for a short time, until this winter when I p
'I ffM%l^^^Si^Sr '^iS-lt tt& '"^^^^Sl learned of the new catarrh cure, Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, P
% irf^ft^-V^^^^fe^ 1 - W> m^'» ¦ : * E %5- • -s^^^^Pl through a newspaper advertisement. Two fifty cent boxes jg|
'i fflS^§^S%>gr?i^feM' : fiS^ ¦ • •'^% / -^S*^^Mr which I bought at my druggists, cleared my head and throat , j||
f] '^^^p^¥^^^^^^^^^?*..«:^ffii^ "'-• : "*^^^ in fine shape and -to gfuard against a return of my old trouble |j|
ij *'S^SS^2SS^Sm)^^^^a^"^fi s .'- Jfc^Sii^^^P * k^P a box of the tablets on hand and whenever I catch a |j|
ff '•^^^r^^^^^^^^HKt#drW^Jffi^fe^^^§^K' KttIe coid I ta^ C a ****** or two and ward off any sctious m
t ¦^^^^^^^^^^^^K?- <tf. '*^^^kBF^ ' ¦'•. ¦ Stuarfs Catarrh TaHcts deserves to head the list as ||
•i ¦¦'*^'S^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^BSl^^^^^^^^^'' ¦ •¦=' ' a household remedy, 'to check and break up coughs and colds, g|
'i *^*aRg5^^ because unlike rc-my other catarrh and cough cures these tab- jgl
I I ' "¦ ¦ m ¦¦' * ¦£' *•*" ¦ in — ' '''*¦' m mi.' m\t* ' 'm%% '¦ ''"mm '• ww immw^^ •.'" '^. "'¦¦'" " " j^mj- -' '— — '* -"¦"¦' I -_ B '-* rfMi mw ' S9 ¦¦ • iCvS C0X1T211X1 HO OOXAvC^ COC£l£QC Of <ftHV" llljtlflOtiS 0fXl£% 5?-^*
. - • ..-¦¦- * TH>SMW4Kttfll9?5E3W *MUTKS?¦ CHICAGO. May 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 21,
000. Steers generally ; weak, but . choice stock
fairly active. Good to prime . steers, $5@5 90;
,poor to medium, $4@4 90; etockers and feeders."
choice steady, others .weak,*- $3 1o@5V cows .'and
heifers.- $2 7C@4 75;! ' canners, $2 10@2 65;?bulls
Chicago Livestock .; Market.
LIVERPOOL. -'
Wheat— • ' July. Sept.
Opening 5 11% 5 10%
Closing •. 5 11% ' 5 10%
' • . .¦ , ' PARIS. -
Wheat—,/ , May. July- Aug.
Opening .19 90 20 60
Closing ......: ...19 95 20 70 ¦ ;
iTlour— ' . " •• . , ¦ -
Opening . 25 55. »•- 26 20'
Closing ............•...'.:......;.. 25 35 26 15
On the : Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14@l8c; dairy
ll@16c. Cheese, dull, 9%@14c. Eggs, steady'
fresh, ll%c. . .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 67,000- • 30.000
Wheat, bushels '....175,000. . 112,000
Corn, -bushels 4S5.0OO ' . -115,000
Oats, bushels . ..' 406,000 273,000
Rye, bushels 7,C0Oi • 9 1.0CO
Barley, bushels ' 23,000 ;, . . . » . 6,000
CHICAGO, May 8. — July wheat opened firm on
buying by houses with Continental connections
and because of " light Northwest receipts. A
cablegram reported severe weather in France
and declared considerable damage had been
done. Upon the announcement of this news
the foreign buying was supplemented by pur
chases for the local account, and- July, having
opened a shade lower to V4@Uc higher at 72%@
73c and sold off to -72%c on 'profit taking, ral
lied to 73tf@73%c. A later cablegram gave tha
Inference that the French damage reports had
been exaggerated. This left the trade to the
consideration of the absence of export demand
and the remarkable prospects of a bumper crop
In this country. Selling for the local account
met practically no demand and July gradually
worked oft on a very dull market to 72c and
closed weak lc under yesterday at 72<g72%c
May corn was not traded in to any extent, nor
was the July option, for that matter. May
closed Me lower at 52c. July closed a shade
' UI The sale "of 1,000,000 bushels of cash oats was
responsible for a bulge in that market and in
creased activity in the trade. Talk of unfa
vorable crop conditions was influential in ad
vancing prices. July- oats : closed %C higher at
Provisions were dull and easier on the liberal
run of hpgs and lower prices for them at the
yards. July pork closed 7&c lower and lard and
ribs 5@7i£c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Articles^ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ' •
May .....73% ' 73% 72V, 72%
July 73 73% ¦ 72. 72&
May™.^?..".7....... 52 53^4 51' 62
July 46V4 46% 46 46%
September :. 45% 45% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2 —
May.. .....* 28% 29 28% 28%
July 26% 27% 26% 27% |
September 24% ; 25% 24%- 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May ...¦.......:.:...*— 14 82%
July '...14 97% 15 05 14 95- 14 95
Lard, Der 1C0 lbs— .
May 8 00 ' 8 00 7 92% 7 95.
July .7 95 7 97% 7 90 7 92%
September... 7 95 7 97% 7 60 .7 90
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 8 12% .. 8 12% 8 07% 8 07%
July 7 90 7 92% 7 87% 7 87%
September ......... 7 87%. 7 87% 7 85 . 7 85
Cash quotations were as follows: No. 3 spring
wheat, 69@72%c; No. 2 red, 73%@74%c; No. 2
oats. 28%«r29c; No. 2 white, 29%@30%c; No. 3
white, 29@29%c:'No. 2 rye, 53@54c; good feeding
barley, 45c; fair to choice malting, 51@56c; No.
1 flax seed, $1 65%; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 66%;
prime timothy seed, $3 75; mess "park, per bbl,
$14 85@14 90; lard, per . 100 lbs, $7 97%@8 02%;
short ribs sides (loose),. $8@8 20; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). 6%@7%c; shore clear sides
(boxed),' $8 25@8 37% ; , whisky, basis . of high
wines, $130; clover, contract grade, $10. '
-iOld Potatoes are ; rather lower, 1 as the recent
sharp advance has called i In "Increased supplies
and also checked the demand./ New are about
the same." There Is nothfhg new In : Onions. - .¦'¦;"
' Vegetables are , about as before ] quoted.- -.The
P.otatqels%Onianslaf^V t egetdbles\
\ A good shipping demand for Pinks at vBteady
prices 13 reported. '« Bayos are weak at the 7 de
cline. .Whites and Llmas continue firm.
-BEANS^-Bayos. $2 45@2 55; Small. White. $4 SO
@4 90; Large .White, $4@>4 20; Pink,' $1 60©l So;
Red, $3@3 25; -Blackeye. $3; Limas, $6 25@C 3C;
Pea. nominal; Red Kidney. $4'50 per ctl. .. v
- SEEDS^-Brown Mustard, nominal;. Yellow
Mustard, nominal; ; Flax, $2 50®3; Canary. S%@
3%c for Eastern ; . Alfalfa; - nominal ; . Rape, ,- 2@
2%c; Hemp, 3V6c; : Timothy, 6UC-; . c ' - -
DRIED ¦ PEAS— Nlles. - $2(9)2 50; !; Green, . $2 700
3 per. ctl;. Blackeye, .nominal.' - , ' - '.
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers report a firmer feeling . In the best
grades ¦ of Hay under continued light receipts,
though there is no advance in ; prices. Feed
stuffs remain as before. - -
BRAN— $16 50@17. per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50ig>19 60 person.
' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled .'Barley. $17@18' per
ton; Oilcake Meal 1 at the mill. ?25@26: Jobbing,
$26 60; Cocoanuf Cake, - $17@18; Corn Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn, $28 50@29; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. ' - . - -
•HAY— Volunteer, $3@S: Wheat. $11©13; Wheat
and Oaf$3@12' Oat. $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, '$S@9 50; Barley. $7 50@3 50'per ton.
. STRAW— 35®47%c per . bale.-, -.-r-
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@3 50,
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25; Ore
gon, $2 E0@2 75 per barrel for family and $2 73®
3 for bakers'; -Washington bakers', $2 75@3.v
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual f discount • to the trade:' Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs;. Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; 'Rice Flour, $7;: Corn Meal, $3;
extra cream do, '$3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75;-Hom
iny, • $3 75@4; 1 Buckwheat Flour, ?4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat.' $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 35
«?7 83; in sacks. $6@7 50; Pearl Barley,' $5;
Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, ,$6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL EOARD SALES. . : ; 4 :
Informal . Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, 73V6c^
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
, Afternoon Sespion— December— 6000 . ctls, 73^4 c.
OATS— The market continues very firm, with
a' further advance In white descriptions. .Stocks
of all kinds are very light and the demand 13
good. White, $137%®! 55; Surprise, nominal ;
Red, $1 35@1 45; Black, $1 17%@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Continues firm - at the high prices.
Eastern Yellow.- "$1 27&@1 30; .. White, $135;
mixed, $1 25@1 27%. -. , -
•RYE— 80@S2%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at .. $1 65 per ctl,
ex-warehouse. , •
Afternoon- Session— No sales.
-BARLEY — The market stood about the same,
both on and off call, and business- was light.
Feed, . 80@81V4c for No. 1 and 77Vi@78%c for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, S3®
87^c; Chevalier, nominal. . .
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December- —
2000 ctls, $1 05%.
Second Session — December— 6CO0 ctls, $1 05.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$104%. X
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The foreign markets came through
firmer. The foreigners, however, sold In the
American markets, though the great slump in
stocks in Wall street might have led to a good
deal of this selling. But against this there was
some buying on account of the reported damage
to the French crop, though this Is now looked
upon as not much more than a scare, though
the plant looks thin. •
Chicago opened firm, but turned weak, with
local and St Louis selling. The latter place
reported 100,000 bushels, taken for export, -•with
another 100.CCO under way. There was no out
side support.
This market was quiet and not materially
changed. * ¦ . . •
Spot Wheafr-Shipplng, $1@1 01%; milling,
?1 03%@l 06U. . .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Exchange.' sight..: — 4 88T4
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 12U
Selver, per ounce — 59^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal ........ 49Vi @ EO
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK, May 8.— The stock market to
day offered the novel spectacle of a bear panic
and a bull- panic in progress side by side. The
bear panic in Northern Pacific was the impell
ing cause of the demoralized rush to cell other
stocks which was held In check for a time
after the astounding opening In Northern Pa
cific, but which gained almost panic force in
the late trading. Prices were not toppled
over . as a direct result of calling of loans
and forced liquidation, such as often culmi
nate a period of over speculation, although
there was a very general broadening of mar
srins and added severity in the scrutiny of
collateral, as was inevitable in the uneasy
conditions -prevailing, but it was evident that
the holders of long stock were holding their
stocks tenaciously and were waiting to be
actually forced out.' The punishment which
was being Inflicted on the shorts la Northern
Pacific was bo distressing an example as to
keep the bears in a timid frame of mind, and
thty hesitated to attack the market. The sup
port which came in on the opening dip helped
ro encourage the bulls and Intimidate the
bears, but the liquidation seemed so i«.rge thai
the bears took courage and attacked the mar
ket a'ter midday and secured rich returns.
As the recession ill prices reached the 10
point line, the decline gathered force, show
ing the dislodging of long lines of long stock
by the wiping out of margins. A scrutiny of
a stock table will show the large number o£
stocks whose declines extended to between 10
and 20 points with the resulting wiping out
of the ordinary margin. The chaotic condition
into which the market was thrown became
alarming in the afternoon, but the determined
support which developed and the resultant ral
lies which reached as much as 8 points In one
or two instances, took away the effect to a
partial extent of the disorderly drop in prices
and even Induced expressions from some of the
more confident bulls that the health of the
market was greatly improved as a result of
the day's happenings. The apparently unlim
ited buying orders which appeared in United
States Steel preferred when the decline had
reached 12 points and the resulting rally of
*'<i points, gave some of the bull speculators
the courage to claim that the day'e reaction
was really engineered by the powerful finan
cial interests which have been behind the
bull market throughout with a desire to shake
off weak followers and that lt was not out of
proportion to the unprecedented advance which
had preceded it. to the unequaled conditions
which at present obtain In this country and
the prodigous dimensions of the market and
of the forces which have been at work In it.
It Is the contrary view that collapses; such
as that of to-day do not tend to attract new
buying demand by such reasoning as. that
stocks are more attractive at lower prices.
Any one seeking to explain to-day's move
ment would have to go back over a period
of many weeks and for every suggestion of a
great financial combination or consolidation,
he will have to suppose a deep seated doubt
or apprehension such as was shown by the
disclosures di this morning in Northern Pa
cific. It came with a chilly shock to the spec
ulation that the country's great financial
forces which It was supposed were earnestly
working in accord to secure a community of
interests in the whole railroad world were in
fact arrayed against each other in measures
of bitter retaliation and antipathy. The Bur-
Irngton deal, on which such far-reaching con
clusions have been based by the speculators,
was seen to be In jeopardy. It was learned
that the level to which prices had attained
had induced Insiders, presumably best posted
on the value of their properties, to sell suffi
cient holdings to endanger their control. This
explanation of the competitive buying wnich
has induced some' of the recent sensational
advances, threw doubt upon the whole series
of rumors of plans for great consolidations
and transcontinental combinations among the
railroads. In other words, the broad intima
tion wax carried by the disclosures growing
out of the Northern Pacific development that
the recent great buying of stocks was for the
most part wholly speculative and without the
fsupposed bas!s in Inveetment purposes. Add
to this the growing constructions of the money
supply, continued Insatiable demands from the"
etock speculation. Inroads upon the narrow
bank surplus by the taking up of the revenue
surplus of the Government, a further ship
ment of gold to Europe to-day and growing
uneariness among money lenders as to the
stability of values of the securities which they
hold as collateral, and the delicacy of the po
sition Is eastry ecen. It Is not surprising,
therefore, that the shock of the Northern
Pacific episode coming upon this situation
toppled prices over. Northern Pacific's sky
rocket course this morning to 180, compared
with 143 at last night's close and 132 for the
London parity this morning. Is almost unpre
cedented for short time movements In the lo
•cal stock market. This stock was up to that
fisrure and back to the opening figure of I",
within three minutes. It went as low as 145
afterward and as high as 170, closing at 160.
The close corner into which the shorts were
crowded of course explained thin movement.
Among the severest sufferers In the afternoon
Flump may be mentioned St. Paul, which fell
10\- Union Pacific." 17%: Rock Island. 14: Mis
pouri Pacific. 15: United States Steel, 12, and
Delaware and Hudson. 19; Amalgamated Coo
per 1214; Pullman, 11%: Illinois Central, 11;
Burlington, 10 vi; Brooklvn Rapid Transit. 10%:
Kansas and T«>xas. 10; Western Union. 10, and
other Btocks all tbe way up to 6 points. The
final rally reduced most of these losses con
cMers*'**'- ••*¦* '-he closlnar showed sDeculative
New York Stock Market.
. . Morning" Session;.
Board—
200 Bay.City . ........ .r. .-. 1 35
10O Home, s 3.V.".....'.. ..................... 3 20
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Bay Co P 5s.. 104 — Oceanic S 5s...l02%103
Cal-st 5s 117 — Omnibus R 6s. 128 —
C C Wat 5s... 110 — Pac G Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s...l28%133% Pk & C H 6s.. 105 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 115 — Pk & O R 6s.. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5%s..lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. 95%10O
Do 5s „ — — S F & SJV 5s.l20%121%
Los Ang R 5s. — 114 • Sierra Cal 6s. . — 107
L A Light 6s.. —'102 S P of A 6a
Do gntd 63.. — 104 (1909) 113 —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — (1910) 114 —
L A & Pas 5s.lO2% — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 101 — (1905), ser A. 106%
Market-st 6s.. — 127% i (1905), ser B.107%
Do 1 C m 5s.l22% — (19C6) 110 —
Nev Co R Is.. - 113% (1912) ........— —
Nor R Cal 6s. — 114% S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s .... — — cp gntd g 5S.103 —
Nor Pac C 6s. ICO — S P Br Cal 6s.l34% —
Do 5s — .109 S V Wat 6s ....113% 114'
Nor Cal R 5s.. — 114% Do 4s 102%103
Oak Gas 5s.... 110 — Do 4s. 3d m. — 103%
Do Tran 6s...— 118 Stktn Gas 6S..10O —
Do Wat 5s... 104 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 75 76 . Spring , Valley. — 89/
Marln County. 53% — . J
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt .\... 42% 43%
Equitable 3% 3% Sacramento ... —
Mutual 3M 4 S F G & E 38 '
Oakland 50 50% San Francisco.' 4 4T a
Pacific Imp.... 33%— Stockton ...... 7%—'
INSURANCE.
Elrem's Fund. 235 . — .
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 73% — L P & A. .....147 l — '. : -
California ....406 — Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.106% — S F National.. — 123
First' Nat 309%315
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S43 — Sav & Loan..
Humboldt — —- Security 275
.Mutual 50 — [Union — —
San Francisco. 515 — .'
STREET , RAILROADS.
California ....130 140 i£> S L & H.. 40 —
Geary 47%— Presidio .23 —
Market .'. 70% — I
• POWDER.
Giant 73% 74%|Vigorit .' 2% S%
' SUGAR.
Hana 7% 8 Kilauea ....... V&% 19
Hawaiian 52 53 Makawell 39%
Honokaa 23% 26% Onomea 19^4 24
Hutchlnson ."..20 — Paauhau 29 31
' • MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack. . 138% — Oceanic SS ... — _
Cal Fruit Can. — 100 Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax..ls0 152 V4
Mer Ex .......110 — Parf Paint.... 16 —
Morning Session.
Board— . - .
20 Alaska Packers' Association...... .133 00
50 Alaska Packers' Association 13s so
215 Alaska Packers' Association "139 co
. ISO Contra Costa "Water " 75 23
10 Giant Powder Con.. 74 JX
100 Honokaa .".'.*."" 26 00
75 Hutchlnson S P Co " 20 nv,
30 Makawell ' 39 r;
.35 Market-street Railway .".' £J £J
$5.C0O Oceanic Steamship bonds "10a M
330 Faauhau 8 P Co '" 20 JL<
E6 S F Gas & Electric Co. 37 «£
10 S F Gas & Electric Co........ 37 371/
. 55 S F Gas & Electric Co "*" •*» ta
$2,CC0 S P Branch Ry 63 bonds 135 00
$1,000 S P Branch Ry 6s bonds, cash "" 134 7X
$1,000 S P of A bonds (1909)........ 1132?
$3,000 S P of A bonds (1S10) '" "iii S
$2,000 Spring Valley 6s bonds .V.'."ll3 so
Street— .
fO California Wine Association too 06
Afternoon Session..
Board —
65 Alaska Packers' Association. 139 no
65 Alaska Packers' Association . *"iS S»
65 Alaska Packers' Association "** 13a n
25 Alaska Packers' Association m sti'
60 Contra Costa Water...... 2P' 2
10 Giant Powder Con, b 3....!' 7? £;
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar"" sa ?\
1G0 Hutchlhson S P Co...... 6 *V--- |* |»
15 Market-street w Railway .."' 70 SO
150 Mutual Electric Light.... "-*"' ??^
10 Pacific Gas'Imp « £1
10 S F Gas & Electric Co..."! 37 sni
: 120 S F Gas & Electric Co... '*" ?« m
100 S F Gas & Electric Co... • S 23
100 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90*""" 38 25
43 Spring Valley Water .... """ 89 00
4 Spring Valley Water........ «| 75
.-¦•1 Street— \ "."'-. ,.
' ' - - R> Giant Powder Con......... 74 00
$21,CO0 SP Branch. Ry. 6a bonds.. ".*.'" "135 00
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
WEDNESDAY, May 8-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I * ,-. /-«. ', Bid. Ask.
4s quar coui>..113%114 4s qr cp (new)137?il38%
4s quar reg..'..113%114 '3s quar coup... 109% —
The oil stocks were inactive and unchanged.
The California-street Cable Company paid a
dividend of 50c per share yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There. was the i usual business on- the j Stock
and Bond Exchange, but fluctuations were few
and narrow. Alaska Packers' was higher at
$13S@139, and Gas and Electric at $37 25©38 25.
The sugar stocks were quiet.
Caroline Wilson to W. F. Whlttler. lot at
intersection of SW line of Lagoon street, lot
5, and line 143:3 N of Union, E to a point.
130 W of Van Ness avenue, S 45:9, NW to be
ginning, quitclaim deed; $1.
W. F. Whitticr to Stetson G. Hlndea, lot on
N line of Union street. 70.305 W of Van Ness
avenue. W 90.013. N 143.67. E 30.323. S 45. SB
113; $4500.
Claudlna and Albert S. Wollberg to Harriet
V. Brownell (wife of W. "W.). lot on NE cor
ner of Broadway and Laguna street. E 50 by
N 137:6; $15,500.
San Francisco Savings Union to Llllla H.
McConntck (wife of E. O.). lot on S line of
Broadway, 130 W of Laguna, W 41:10%. S
137:6. E 34:4%, N 37:6. E 7:6, N 100; $9000.
E.' O. McCormick to Llllie H. McCormlck.
same; gift. '..,-
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, executors) to Frank H. Foote,
lot on NE corner of Vallejo and Stelner
streets, E 34:4 by N 137:6; $4500.
Charles L. Patton to O. V. Walker, lot on
NW corner of Broadway and Plerc* «treet.
W 37:8 byN 100; $1S,000. • ¦ <:t- -
Elizabeth Moore to Sarah I. and Alice E.
Ellery. Edith G. Cone. Gertrude Mills, Lillian
and Maud Moore and Sarah H. Ostrander,
lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue, 175 E of
Scott street. E 23 by S 137:6; gift
Ottilia Mau (.wife of H. A.) to Margaret
Schlegel (wife ot Peter), lot on E line of
Scott street, 37:6 S of Page, 8 25 by E 106:3;
$500
Peter and Margaret Schlegel to Christian B.
and Louise M. Racovan, same; $3500,
Gustave and Julia Brenner to Ansel C Rob
i3on. lot on "W line of Devlsadero street. 50 3
of Hayes. S 25 by W 81:3; $7000.
Bridget Hannon to John McGaw, lot on 3
line of Sacramento street, 37:6 E of Spruce,
E 25 by S 107:7%; $1300.
City and County of San Francisco to Peter
Dean, lot on S line of Jackson street. 92:3 E
of Maple, E 75. S 127:8%. W 23:3%, N 8:8%. W
Estate of Frederic' S. Field (minor) (by Ben
jamin F. Field, guardian) to A. N. and E.
M Knoph. lot on W line of Jessie street. 160
S of Nineteenth. S 25 by W 75; $3430.
J. K C. and Henrietta N. Kobba to Mat
thew I. Sullivan, lot on W line of Guerrero
street 183 N of Twenty-second, N 61 by W
117 - 6- $6000. *
Robert W. McDanlel to Mary C. McDanlel.
lot on W line of Fair Oaks street. 72 N of
Twenty-fourth. N 50 by W 117:6; gift.
John H. Williams to James B. Mahony.-lot
on E line of Noe street, 88 S of Elizabeth, 8
23 by E 68:9 2-3; $1000.
¦ Edgar L. Hoag to Felton Taylor, lot on. SW
corner of Valley and Castro streets. W 560, S
228 E 435. N 28, E 125, N 200: $6000.
Samuel G. and Helen S. Murphy to Mer
chants' Ice and Cold Storage Company (cor
poration), lot on S line of Lombard street. 137:«
E of Montgomery," E 137:6 by S 137:6; $10,000.
S G. and Helen M. Murphy to same, lot on
S line of Lombard street. 100 E of Montgom
ery. E 37:6 by 3 13I:S; $3750.-
C B Wilson to same, lot on E Hm of Mont
gomery 69 N of Greenwich. N 6S:6, E 197:6, S
67:6, W 60, S 70, "W 93:6, N 69. W 44: also lot
on E line Pringle court. 80 N of Greenwich
street, N 57:6 by E 60; $10.
Emilie Gassmann to Eugene Gassmann, Cecils
Camozzi, wife of Pasquale, and Alice Doas
sans wife of Jean, lot on NW corner of Union
and "Kearny streets. W 60 by N 57:6; also lot
on NW corner Filbert place and Union street.
W 37:6 by N 77:6; eift.
F'len Lux to Henry Lux. lot on S line ot
Foisom street at dividing line of 100-vara lota
38 and 39 E 100; thence parallel to Foisom NB
25 NWilOO, thence 25 to beginning (SE Foisom.
275 NE Second. NE 25 by SE 10C>; Klft.
Sharon Estate Company -to .-• Charles - R.
Bishop, lot on SE line of Howard. 3CS SW of
Second SW 79:6, SE 112:9, NE 112:6, NW 29:3,
SW 33.' NW 83:6; $38.CC0. ' ¦
City and County of San Francisco to F. J.
Castelhun lot on W' line of Kansas street* 1C0
N of Nevada.' N 23 by W 100: $ .- £¦<
Same to Union Iron Works, lot on NE comer
of Illinois and Twentieth streets (Napa). E 13..
NW 28:4, S 25:2%; $ . ". •
H S * and Olive F.'- de Rochemont to Pauline-
K. Genereoux.' re-record 1467 D 325. lot on E
line of Fifteenth avenue. 123:8 N of Clement
street. N 1:4. E 127:6, N 175. E 16, SE 196. NW
'otto C and Paula Berser to Susanna T.
Meany, wife of John P.. and Bridget Keye«
lot on E line of Second avenue,- 27a N of Point
Lobos. N 25 by E 120; $2873. '
• William H. and Georglna Buckler to Henri
etta Wiener and Carrie C. Prager lot O n XE
corner Lake street and Fifth avenue, E 32.8
VV^f^nie M. -Soencer to Gertie E.
Head low 573 575 576. 578. Gift Map 3; $300.
Rebecca siverstein to Mark Levl. lot on W
wSSmmc c «s i szsrt
P. Clarke. suMl
viV'wms 2 and 3. lot 6, block 314. South San
Francesco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion, portion of Hunter Tract; $400.
Alameda Cotmty.
Aucusto Antonio to George Roblna, lot on-
WUm of Myrtle street. 328 S of Twenty-eighth.
R 48 ly B 123:6. lot 8. and N 24 feet lot. 7.
block 654 Keene Tract. Oakland: $1000.
LesterA Pclton (single) to C.' Wlard Pal
m>7 all interest in lot on N line of Thlrty-
Scond street. 3C0 E of Grove. E 50. N 163.22.
W^0 % W 50.23. S 168.04 to beginning, lot it
blocV" <> 643. Rowland Tract, Oakland; $2000.
Peter W. and Elizabeth J. Anderson to Wil
liam B Greenebaum. all interest In lot on SW
corner 'of Sumer street and lot lot 9. block
R on Revised Map of Oakland Heights, thence
S 175-71 E 50. N 194. W 53:9 to beginning, be
ing a portion of lot 9. block S. Revised Map
of Oakland Heights. Oakland: $10.
D G & Theresa M. Kent to S. M. and Mor
ris 'M. Bruce (executors estate G. M. Bruce),
lot en N line of Merrimac street. 562 E of Tele
jrraph road (or^- avenue), thence SE 120.
NE 110. SE 63.' NE 35 to S.llne of Oakland
Homestead Association Tract, thence NW 183.
SW 145 to beginnig, Oakland; $2500.
Builders' Contracts.
George H. Fuller (owner) with Felbe Mar
cuse (contractor and architect)— All work for
a two-story frame building with brick founda
tions on E line of Stanyan street, 75 N of Fred
erick. N 25 by W 106; $2S00.
Chin Kim You (owner) with Petterson &
Persson (contractors), architects Mooser & Son
—All alterations. and additions except plumb
ing, gaantting and sewering for a three-story
brick building on N line of Washington street.
110:10 W of Dupont, W 25:S by N 91:3: 15400.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Evaporated apples steady: at the.- decline
State common, 3©4%c; prime, 4%@4%c; choice,
5%c. Fancy, 6<g6%c. California dried fruits
Inactive. • . ¦
PRUNES— 3%@7c per pound, as to size • and
quality. • " .
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@13c; Moorpark, 8%@
13c. • ' -
PEACHES— Peeled, 12#@20c; unpeeled, 6%@
10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 Invoice.
6 5-16c; mild, quiet; . Cordova, . 8%@12%c. Fu
tures closed steady with prices net 10 points
higher. ' Total sales, 14,750 bags, including:
July, 5.60c; August, 5.70c; September, ¦ 5.70@
5.75c; October, 5.75c; November, 5.80c. ¦•
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, S%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 9-32c; molasses sugar, 3%c;
refined, firm. ...
BUTTER— Receipts. 5S00 packages; j strong,
creamery. 15@19c; factory,' ll@13c.
EGGS— Receipts, 17,700 packages; firm. West
ern regular packed. 13%@13%c; storage West
ern. 13%@14%c.
NEW. YORK. May 8.— FLOUR— Receipts, 16.
599 bbls; exports. 4833 bbls. 1 Dull and barely
steady. '. '
WHEAT— Receipts. - 17. 100 , bushels ; exports,
48,250 bushels: spot, easy. 'No. 2- red, 84%c,
f. o. b.'-. afloat;.. No.'. 2. red... 82c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 83%c f. o. b. afloat; « No.'- 1
hard Duluth, 89%c f. o. b. afloat. . Options
opened steady, and after a sharp advance on
unfavorable French crop news turned weak
in the afternoon under realizing, good home
crop advices, small clearances and export
trade and vigorous bear pounding. Closed
weak. »$<@>%c net decline. May, 81%@$2%c,
closed 81%c; July. ' 78%@79%c, closed 78%c; Sep
tember, 76%@77Hc, closed 76%c
HOPS— Quiet.
The pressure has hardly changed during the
paFt twenty-four hours over the country west
of the Rocky Mountains. '
The temperature has fallen about 10 degrees
ever Washington and Northern Oregon. Rain
Is falling at Portland. Astoria and Seattle. No
rain has fallen In California.
In Southern California the temperatures are
about normal and pleasant, balmy weather
prevails and is likely to continue.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May S. 1901:
Xorthern California — Fair Thursday; light
northerly winds; continued warm weather.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; contin-'
ued pleasant weather; light northerly winds in
the interior: light westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; light northerly
•winds.
Utah— Fair Thursday; light northerly winds.
Arizona — Fair Thursday; light northerly
winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
light northerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
" m ' '•" Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum. 47; mean, 54. >
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
New York Grain and 1 Produce: \
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 8-6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closing
Sold. Stock— . Bid.
133.000 Atchison .'. 77%
58.200 Atchlson prefd 98%
11,400 Baltimore & Ohio 103
•4,200 Baltimore. & Ohio prefd 30
20,100 Canadian Pacific 106%
4AU Canada Southern 69
16.SG0 Chesapeake & Ohio 46
67.S00 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 190%
2.600 Chlcaso, Ind & Loulsvilie 34
• 1.200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 69
2oO Chicago & Eastern Illinois 131
3,400 Chicago & Northwestern ...202%
32.3C0 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... 155%
3.400 C C C & St Louis 80%
5,700 Colorado Southern 12%
2,-JOO Colorado Southern 1st prefd 49
3.900 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22
4.700 Chicago Terminal & T 21%
6,900 Chicago Terminal & T prefd 44%
10.400 Chicago & Alton 40
2,700 Chicago & Alton prefd 78
3,900 Chicago Great Western 22&
COO Chicago Great Western prefd "A". 80
100 Chicago Great Western prefd "B". 51
4,700 Delaware & Hudson • 163
500 Delaware, Lack & Western 217
3,500 Denver & Rio Grande 48' .
1.000 Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 93%
98,100 Erie 36%
5,900 Erie 1st prefd 65
3,900 Erie 2d prefd 49
2,700 Great Northern prefd 170
1,300 Hocking Valley 62%
1.100 Hocking Valley prefd 76%
10,500 Illinois Central 136%
2uO Iowa Central 29
200 Iowa Central prefd £7
700 Lake Erie & Western 55
Lake Erie & Western prefd .105
15.100 Louisville & Nashville 103%
14,900 Manhattan Elevated :..121%
9,100 Metropolitan Street Railway 164%
8,600 Mexican Central 25%
1,200 Minneapolis & St Louis 85
69.8C0 Missouri Pacific 104%
2,100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 25%
5,200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 57%
3,400 Mexican National '9%
New Jersey Central ....156
36,600 New York Central 155%
Norfolk & Western 61
Norfolk & Western prefd 86
69.800 Northern Pacific | 159%'
31.800 Northern Pacific prefd.. .». 106%
21.800 Ontario & Western 33%
39,200 Pennsylvania 144%
P C C & St Louis 71
25,100 Reading 41%
31.600 Reading 1st prefd 74
8,000 Reading 2d prefd •. 52%
2,900 St Louis & San Francisco 45%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 83
200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 65%
1.900 St Louis, Southwestern 32%
5.2CX) St Louis, Southwestern prefd 64
119,100 St Paul 164%
1,200 St Paul prefd 185
105,600 Southern Pacific 49%
31.4C0 Southern Railway 29%
4,400 Southern Railway prefd 82%
11.600 Texas & Pacific. 43%
1,2<K) Toledo St Louis & "Western 15%
5C0- Toledo St Louis & Western prefd.. 32%
332,200 Union Pacific 113%
16,900 Union Pacific prefd 93%
5,400 Wabash 17%
1.300 Wabash prefd 36%
1,000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 16%
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd... 33%
10,200 Wisconsin Central 19%
500 Wisconsin Central prefd 44
Express companies —
Adams 175
100 American 190
200 United States 83
Wells-Fargo 140
Miscellaneous—
64. SCO Amalgamated Copper 114%
2,200 American Car & F 22%
COO American Car & F prefd '.. 78
4,200 American Linseed 13 ',i
4.700 American Linseed prefd .'. 39%
1LSO0 American Smelting & Refin 66%
SCO American Smelting & Refin prefd.. 96
20.100 American Tobacco ..120
4.900 Anaconda Mining Co ;.. *$%
31,500 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76Vi
4.100 Colorado Fuel & Iron ...: 100%
14.S00 Continental Tobacco '. 48
1,200 Continental Tobacco prefd ....106
5,900 Consolidated Gas 219
300" Hocking Coal 18
1.400 International Power 82%
3,600 Republic Iron & Steel 18%
3,100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd... 72
5.1C0 General Electric 220
1,200 Glucose Sugar 5$
500 International Paper 22
1,200 International' Paper prefd 75
. Laclede Gas : 83
1,200 National Biscuit 40%
400 National Lead : 16%
200 National Salt- 43-j
National Salt prefd 76
600 . North American 85%
100 Pacific Coast 59
1.000 Pacifle Mail 28%
30.200 People's Gas 112
1.200 Pressed Steel Car 39Ti
600 Pressed Steel Car prefd 92
300 Pullman Palace Car 200
42.600 Sugar * 143%
8,400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 55%
Union Bag 13 .
400 Union Bag prefd 69
5.600. United States Leather 13%
1.000 United States Leather prefd. ." 75%
7,600 United States Rubber 21
¦ SCO United States Rubber prefd 61
1S5.E00 United States Steel Co 47
117,9r'O United States Steel Co U5%
17,900 Western Union 91
2.461.10O Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding, N Y Cent lsts 107%
reg 106 N J Cent gen 5s.. .133
do coup ...'..106 North Pac 3s ..... 7J%
do 3s reg 103 do 4s 105%
do coup 109 N Y C & St L 4s.l07%
do new 4s reg... 137% Nor & W con 4s... 101%
do coup 137% Or Nav lsts 109
do old 4s reg 113% do 4s 104%
do coup 113% Or S Line 6s 128%
do 5s reg 109 do con Cs 118
do coup 109 Reading gen 4s-... 95%
Dist of Col 3. 65s... 125% R G W lsts... ¦-.... 101',i
Atchison gen 4s ..102%iSt L & I M con 6s.ll5%
do adj 4s 93%jSt L & S F gen 6s.l34
Can South 2ds 108%|St Paul cons 190
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO5Vi jSt P C & Pac lsts.118
do 5s 120 | do 5s 120
C & N W con 7s.. 138% South Pac 4s 92'i
do S F deb 5s. ...121 iSouth Railway J>s.H6%'
Chi Term 4s 91 *S Rope & T 6s.... 57
Colo South 4s 87 Tex & Pac lsts... 113%
D & R G 4s 102% do 2ds ! 100
Erie gen 4s S7% Union Pac 4a ....*106
Ft W & D C lsts.106 Wabash lets .....11»%
Gen Elec 5s 1S5% co ras no
Iowa Cent lsts ...117% West Shore 4s ..:.114%
L & Naeh unl 4s.. 103 Wis Cent 4s .. 90%
M K & T 2ds S2 Va Centuries 95%
do 4s :S8% P ¦ ;:'x*.:
: s • MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 22 .Little Chief 15
Alice 43jOntario ....*. 8 50.
Breece ;......¦ 1 60|Ophir : 9o<
trunswlck Con ... 13 Phoenix ...*.."/. 22
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl 02
Con Cal & Va 2 30 Savage 12
Deadwood Terra... 55 Sierra Nevada .... 23
Horn Silver I. 1 10 Small Hopes ....... E0
Iron Silver 60|standard 3 05
Leadville Con — 051
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — West End ggit
Call loans, 4@5 Bonds-
Time loans ..4®5 1 Atchison 4s 102%
Stocks— N E Gas & C 5s. 65'
A T & St Fe 77% . Mining Shares— t
Do prefd -99 Adventure '. 15y
Amer Sugar .142% Bingham MIn Co. 24 •
- Do prefd 122 - Amal Copper 114
Amer Tel ...174 Atlantic ........... 32 i
sentiment in much disorder and prices were
breaking anew at some points, while rallying
at others. :
The excitement In the stock market dis
tracted attention from the bond market, but
prices went off there in sympathy with stocks.
Total sales, $4,660,000.
United States old 4s advanced % per . cent
on the last call. . t
Sharp slump in stocks in Wall street.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley steady, but quiet.
Oats and Corn firm and scarce. Rye neglected.
Better feeling in the best grades of Hay. Feedstuff s firm.
Good shipping demand for Pink Beans. Bayos weak and whites
firni.
Potatoes lower. Onions unchanged.
Vegetables plentiful and easy.
Butter steady. Cheese weak. ' • ••. ,
Eggs in heavy supply and depressed.
Poultry continues weak and in good supply.
Cherries and Strawberries steady.
Oranges went higher at auction. Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Provisions dull at previous prices. .
Hogs weak mid packers expect lower prices.
Coffee firm and fairly active.
Apricots and Gooseberries appeared.
Nothing new on the local stock exchanges.
WASHINGTON. May 8.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general' fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $158,407,902; gold, $98,355,569. • •¦..
Condition of. the Treasury.
JTEW YORK, May 8.— Money, on call strong,
4@15 per cent; last loan, 15; ruling rate, 7;
prime mercantile paper. 4@4% per cent. /Ster
ling exchange steady, with actual business In
bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 87% for demand arid
at $4 84Vi@4 84% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 85@4 86 and $4 88&@4 89; commercial* bills,*
$4 83V4©4 S4. Silver certificates, 60c. Bar sil
ver. 59%c. Mexican dollars, 48%c. Government
bonds, ¦ quiet ; State bonds, inactive ; ¦ railroa I
bonds, irregular. ' .
New York Money Market.
Atchlson, 82H: Canadian Pacific, 110%; Union
Faclflo preferred, 984: Northern Pacific pre
ferred 109%: Grand Trunk. 11%; Union Pacific
preferred, 98% ; Anaconda, 10VA: United States
Steel, 62; United States Steel preferred, 101.
Bar Bllver, dull, 27 7-16d. Money, 8@3»4 per
cent. ¦
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. May 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was much reduced on the stock mar
ket here to-day. The heaviness was general,
but Americans particularly suffered. Money,
rates tightened and trade reports are rather
disappointing. On the Continent everything is
dull. American shares were paralyzed by the
corner In Northern Pacific, which has made the
market afraid to deal in anything. This sen
eational movement with Its unprecedented pen
alties upon arbitrageurs who were caught short
on Northern Pacific has done the worst service
Imaginable to the London market, terrorizing
speculation and sowing the deepest distrust.
The highest price for the stock here was 141,
tbe close being at 132. though it was reported
here that the stock/' had gone to 200 in New
York.
London Market.
Boston & Albany.25S Boston &« Mont... 429
Boston L ....'.....177 Butte & Boston... 105
Boston & Maine.. 196 Calumet & Hecla.831
Chi Bur & Q.'....:39) Centennial 29
Dominion Coal .... 35% Franklin 17^
Do prefd 115 Osceola 86%
Fitchburg prefd. ..147 Parrott .: 51>4
Gen Electric 220 Quincy ..170U
Ed Elec 111 245 Santa Fe Copper.. 8 .
N E Gas & Coke. 11% Tamarack ...330
Old Dominion ....32 Utah. Mining: 30^4
Rubber 21 Wlnona ............ 3^£
Union Pacific 115 Wolverines. 54
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Flour,, qr sks.... 20,763 Wool, bales ::...." 81
¦ Wheat, ctls ...I.-. 3.922 Shorts." sks ...'... 25
Barley, ctls ..... 3.860 Wine., gala 90,303
Corn,"- ctla ...'..'.. 243 Lime,* bbls -.i.... ; -455
Beans, sks .....; 1.2S5 Hides, No. ....:.' 453
Potatoes. °sk3 = .".. 2,536 Pelts/ bdls ....... .600
Onions,' sks .....'. 690 Tallow. . ctls ....:• 223
Bran, sks 2,137 Sugar, ctls ......16,200
Middlings,, sks .. 1,260 Leather, rolls ... 41
Straw, tons ." 21 Silver, flks ...'... 52
Hay, tons /...... ,397 Raisins, bx . .«".'." 1.600
OREGON. ,j",V
Flour," qr sks.... - l,020i ' .1*^-.:
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAY 8.
Receipts of. Produce.^
¦ . We ¦ quote market firm and ¦ fairly active as
follows: Costa Rica — 14@15c for. strictly prime
to fancy washed; ll%@13^c for prime washed:
ll@ll%cfor good washed; ll%@13c for good to
prime, washed peaberry; 10@li%c for good to
prime peaberry; 10%®ll%c for good to prime;
S-glOc for good current mixed with black beans;
8Vt@9%c for fair; 6®7%c for common to ordi
nary. Salvador — 12@13Hc for strictly prime
washed;; 9@ll%c for good to prime washed; 8@
8%c for fair washed; 10^@12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 8%@9c for good to prime
semi- washed: &%@S%c for superior unwashed:
8@8%c for good green unwashed; 9@9%c for good
to superior unwashed peaberry; 6@7%c for com
mon to ordinary- Nicaragua — 12®15c for prime
to fancy washed; 9@114c for fair to strictly
good washed ; 7%@8%c for good . to superior un
washed; 9@9%c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican— 12@15^c for
prime to -fancy washed; 10yi@ll%e for strictly
good washed; 9%@10V*c for good washed; 8@9%c
for fair washed; 7%@7%c for medium; .5% @7c
for inferior . to ordinary : • 10^4@12%c for ' good to
prime washed peaberry: 9@9%c nom. for? good
to. prime unwashed peaberry; 8@8%c nom. '.(or
good to superior unwashed. '•
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 13.854
baes Costa Rica, 771 Nicaragua, 22.790 Salvador.
27.277 Guatemala, 1102 Mexican and 5075 bags of
other kinds; in all 70.867 bags as against 70,510
bags same time last year."
."At the end of April estimates of the grow
ing Santos crop were cabled at 6.50O.0C0 baga.
regarded a 'bull' feature, and markets rose
altghtly for the time being, but the advance was
not maintained.
..OILS- California Castor ©11, In casss. No. 1.
oic; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
lac; raw, 73c: cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra
Jv I l te L r "- alne<3 ' barrels, 80c; cases, 85c; China
Nut. «><g«oc per gallon; pure Neatsfoot OH, bar
rels, foe; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure. 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white. 37%@42%c per gallon; Fish
°U'^ 1 . n r faarrels - Kc: ca£es . <0c. »
™ CO d ?%T Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
C^ E ? tr 5 Star - 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene. 21c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; in
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases, 20c;
86 :? T e T f, re , e Gasoline, In bulk, 20c: in cases. 26c.
TURFEN TINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels
SUGAR— The WeRtern Suear Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed 6.25c; Powdered. f..85cf Candy Gran
ulated, 6.8ac; Dry Granulated. 5.73c: Confec
tioners A, 5.75c; -Fruit Granulated. a.SOc: Mag
nolia A, o.i>c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c:
barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb; bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less" than 75 barrels or its equivalent. LUm
ln^": x^U: ba ir els ' 6 -60c; boxes. 6.75c per lb. -
COFFEE— The circular of C. E. Blckford
gives the receipts at this port thus far this
year at 129.199. bags, against 108.083' for the
same time last year. The sales from first
hands were 61.152 bags, against 52,795. The stock
in first hands May 1 was 60,577 bags, against
62,934 last year. The world's visible supply May
1 was 7.S59.277 bags, against 6,144.418. The cir
cular says:
"Conditions as to Coffee the past thirty days
have not been satisfactory to either buyers or
sellers, and the market here has been a quiet
and waiting one for both sides. Freighting fa
cilities between this port and those of Central
America have been largely augmented this year
and the trade being unaccustomed to such rapid
movement of the crops have stood by although
It is generally expected that the season of ar
rivals will be shorter and will end more sharply
under such conditions than heretofore. Other
markets, at home and abroad, are dull and have
slowly declined for all classes of Coffee. It Is
worthy of mention that everywhere the exces
sive differences formerly maintained between
lowest and highest priced good mild grades Is
contracting heavily, and through competition
alone of Coffees seeking: an outlet.
market. The present cost of Newcastle fuel Is
jully 50 cents per ton higher than Nanalmo or
comox Coals, but consumers will not pay the
difference, as the best. grades of the Northern
coals will serve their purposes almost as well
as Colonial. Besides most of our largest Coal
buyers are changing their boilers, etc.. to util
ize luel oil. which means a pronounced falling
off of Coal rmports later on.' Prices so far re
main fairly steady, and business is moderately
orisk, but contracts are being drawn for future
corn' ei uti at shaded fl KW*s. so as to meet the oil
500 Independence, b 5 .IT
10O Lion 1*
200 Monarch of Arizona 43
2000 Oil City Petroleum...; 23
2000 Petroleum Center ..:.'.... — 11"
15 San Joaquln Oil & Development...... 9 Vl\i
10 Shamrock 55 ¦
100 Sterling, b 30.....'. 1 65
100 Sterling, b 60 1 70
200 Toltec - 54
¦ Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Homo 3 15
300 Junction 39 '
3S0 Sterling 155
50 Wolverine ...* .' 1 05
V BAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHA2JGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
E00 California-Standard $3
500 California & Utah Oil Co 2S
300 Junction 37
1500 Monarch of Arizona... .................. 47
1000 Petroleum Center It
100 Sterling ........: 1 SO
200 Toltec 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
800 California-Standard •. 83
1000 Monarch of Arizona 47
500 Monarch of Arizona 43
25 Sterling 1 80
MINING STOCKS.
The following ; were the sales ' In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: •
Morning Session. . . , ». -¦ ,
600 Alta 02 100 Ophlr , 83
200 Best & Belcher 27 100 Sierra Nevada. Id
200 Con Cal & Va.2 25 300 Sierra Nevada. 17
400 Gould & Curry 13 200 Savage 12
300 Hale & Norcrs 20 300 Union Con .... 21
800 Mexican 18 100 Union Con '20
10O Ophir SS 400 Utah '03
300 Ophlr 87 300 Yellow Jacket. 17
2C0 Ophir 86 600 Yellow Jacket. IS
. Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher 27 300* Ophlr 8".
400 Gould & Curry 13 500 Sierra Nevada. 17
200 Mexican 19 40O Syndicate 07
100 Mexican ....... IS 200 Utah 03
The following were the sales In tha Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: w
* " Morning Session.
900 Best & Belcher 27 200 Oph!r 90
200 Challenge Con. 12 400 Ophlr 83
750Chollar 03 700 Ophir 8a
500 Chollar 06 600 Ophlr 81
300 Con Cal & Va.2 30 500 Overman 12
1200 Con Cal & Va.2 23 500 Overman 11
200 Hale & Norcrs 23 20O Eavago * 13
600 Mexican M 300 Union Con .... 2*>
300 Mexican 19 500 Yellow Jacket. IS
| Afternoon Session.
; 1000 Alpha Con 03 200 Ophir 88
I 300 Best & Belcher 27 500 Ophir 87
700 Chollar 06 600 Overman ...:.. 11
200Chollar 07 100 Savage U
50 Con Cal & Va.2 23 400 Savage ~ .U
150 Con Cal & V.2 27Vi 3C0 Sierra Nevada. 17
BOO Crown Point ..15 300 Silver- Hill 33
i 400 Occidental 03 .-"-.ti*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May %— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 0 "ustlce 08 07
Alta XI 0 Centuck — tt»
Andes 06 B -ady Wash .... 01 02
Belcher 11 I Mexican 18 »
Best & Belcher 28 T Accidental 03 05
Bullion 02 0: ~)phir 85 8«
Caledon'a- 61 6" Tverman It 13
Challenge Con. 10 1' 04 05
Chollar 06 0" Savage 11 13
Confidence . 65 6P Scorpion — 04
Con Cai & Va.2 23 2 SO Seg Eelcher..,. — 03
Con Imperial... — 0' Sierra Nevada. IT IS
Con New York. — 0^ Silver Hill .... 35 37
Crown Point... 14 16 St Louis 0«
Eureka Con..'.. '08 — Standard 4 00 4 23
Exchequer — 0.' Syndicate M —
Gould & Curry 13 14 Union Con .... 20 21
i Hale & Norcrs 19 20 Utah 01 M
| Julia — 02 Yellow -Jacket. 17 19
;: . The ' following ' named •, vessels r have : delivered
Coal cargoes > from Newcastle, N. S.'.W:, in 1 the
past thirty days, namely: .Port Crawford, 2440
tons; J. C.Pfluger, 1423 tons; Brenn, 3032 tons;
Invergarry. 2330 tons: Jane Guillon, 2937. tons;
Francois, 2980 tons ; Inverneill, : 2333 tons ; > total,
17,478 . tons. ..v.This is a larger quantity than is
due to arrive here in the next sixty days. -The
Australian loading list is gradually shrinking in
number, evidencing a marked falling off of coal
charters ¦ for . this . port." -. On .the first of last
month there were twenty-six vessels on the en
gaged • list,". with 70,000 tons capacity, . whereas
there ' are ¦ now but • eighteen ; vessels of about
55,000. tons. "Either ship owners or colliery pro
prietors ' must modify 'their figures to meet the
competitioin of i the \ British Columbia product,
or Colonial Coals : will s be crowded out of ; this
.COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 60: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9 ; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $10 per, ton: Coke, $13 per ton in bulk and
$17 in . sacks; : : Rocky Mountain ~ descriptions,
$S 45 per. 2000 pounds and -$8 50 per ton, accord
ing lu'tnnnrt <|iiH'||iIITiWTT>inin il^t"lirTrL l^
GRAIN BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Cal
cuttaGrain Bags.. &A@lc: local make. %e less
than Calcuttas; Wool - Bags,- 30@34c; Fleece
Twine.' 7%@8c. " .' \ :
General ; Merchandise.
Local . packers report Hogs more plentiful,
owing to Increased receipts of dairy Hogs, and
look for still; lower prices next week.
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
cows. I ¦
-VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb. \
-'. MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8%c; Ewes, "i\i@ie per.
pound. -
LAMB — Spring, 9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. ISO lbs and under. 6V4c;
180 to 225 lbs, 6%@6%c; 225 and over 6@6i;c;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 7V2@9c.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND. SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1V&C under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, " 10c; medium, 9c; light, 8@8%c: Cow
Hides, 8%c for.heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal,'9@9%c; Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides, 16c; Culls. 13%@14c; Dry
Kip. 16c; "Dry Calf, 16@17c: Culls and Brands.
13@14c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each;
short Wool, 30050c each; medium, 60@75c; long
Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 60 for
large and $2©2 23 for medium, $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for
large, Jl 25 for medium, $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or_thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4#e per lb; No. 2.
3H®4c: grease, 2@2V4c
¦ "WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 15@iec per lb; Northern, free, 12@
13c; defective, 9mic: Middle County, free, 10@
11c; do. defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
8@9c; Southern. ; free, 7 months, 7@10c; do,, de
fective, 7 months, 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
(Si 16c; do, medium and coarse, 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10@12c. . . .i-i
. HOPS— i:<g 20c Der lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,
12V4@13c for light medium, 13&c for light, 14V4c
for extra lfght and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $12 per
barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Family, $1150; prime
Mess Pork, $13; extra clear, $23; Mess, $19;
Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll?«c. .
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce. 8%o; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Continue dull without fluctuation.
Provisions.
' FRUITS — Apricots, -5<37%c for ' Royals:
Evaporated' Apples, ¦ 4@6c; sun-dried, : lH@2c;
Peaches.' .3H@4c for -"standard, - 4%@5H '"for
choice and 6@B^c'for fancy; Pears, ,.-2@7c;
Plums, pitted,- 3Vi@5c; unpitted, l@l%c;. Nec
.tarlnes. 4@4V2C for red and 4@5c for white. ¦• - !
¦I PRUNES— 4 sizes, 3c; 40-50s. 6%c:'50-60s. 4Uc;
60-70s, 3%c; 7O-80s, .3%c; 80-9Os, 2%c; 90-lCOs,
2%c; 100-120S, l%c. .
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices; Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. '• 9c ¦ per lb. Sultanas — Fancy. 10%c per
lb; choice, 9Hc; standard. 8%c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. 8c: - Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6V4c; 4-crown,' 7c; 3-crown, 614c; 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 6V*c, and
4-crown, 5Mc; seeded (Fresno prices), 5^4c;
I^ondon Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10@llc: No.
2. 7%©8c;-No. 1 hardshall. 10c; No. 2, 6@7c;
Almonds, 13StUc for paper-shell, 10@llc for soft
shell ' and 5@6c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, ll@ll%c; Filberts,
12«?12>Ac: Pecans, ll(f 13c; Cocoanuts, ft 50@5.
t HONEY— Comb, 13^@14c for bright and 12^4
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7'@7%c; light amber extracted, . 5@8c; dark. 4@
. BEESWAX— 25<@2Sc per lb.
There is no change to report.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
W. H. Barry of Courtland sent in 40 lbs of
English Gooseberries, which sold at the very
high price of 20c per lb... Nineteen drawers of
common Gooseberries from Napa sold at 73@85c
per dravrer. .¦ . ¦.
Cherries were steady, receipts being moderate,
and Strawberries also kept up. ; ' ¦
-Eight cars of Oranges were auctioned ».t
higher prices, as follows: Fancy Navels, }1 15®
2 30; choice do, $1@1 So; standard do, 70c@-$l 50;
Seedlings. 60c@U; St. Michaels, $1@1 40; Tan
gerines, £5c per box.
I Lemons and Limes remain as before quoted. .
. A crate of Apricots, rather green, from Vaca
ville, sold at 51 50. Two crates from Yuma were
not sold.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— - . ' i
CHERRIES— Receipts were 2118 boxes, selling
at 25@85c per box for red and 40c® 51 for dark.
STRAWBERRIES- $7@10 per chest for Long
worths and ?3@6 for large . berries. Receipts
were 2S4 chests.
BLACKBERRIES— From Covina, %\ per crate:
CURRANTS— None arrived.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@2 25;
Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25; Lem
ons,- 75c@$l 25 for 'common -and $1 50@2 50 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@$l 50; Mexican
Limes,' $4 50; Bananas, $1 25©2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 25@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples. Jl 50@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The .weakness' in Eggs continues and most
dealers have more on hand than they know
what to do with. Quotations are. not positively
lower, though several heavy handlers are quot
ing 15c as the best figure they are able to ob
tain. : Stocks continue to accumulate. , -
¦¦ Cheese is lower and in good supply. . .;.
Supplies of Butter continue free, but the mar
ket is steady, owing to the continued packing
I and storing. ' »
I Receipts were 57,100 pounds and 132 tubs of
Butter, 1GS8 cases Eggs, 763 case Eastern
Hggs, 42,075 pounds' California Cheese and
pounds' Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER — Creamery, 17%@lSc per lb for fancy
and 16%<Ril7c for seconds: dairy, 14@16%c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, 10c; old, nom
inal. ' . •
EGGS— Ranch, 15@16c, for good to fancy;
store. 13<g:i4%c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— •
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts,' 16c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, :
store. 13c. . ' ¦
CHEESE — Fancy, full cream, 8%c; choice,"
8c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 14@16c per lb. ' .
EGGS
v California Ranch— Selected White, 15c;. mixed
colors, 14c per doz. ¦-.-.-. .' , ,
C California Gathered— Selected, 13^; standard,
13c ; seconds,- . ;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game.
• Poultry continues weak, ; with ample stocks.
Two cars of Eastern came In, making five for
the week. - . -'¦ *>
!S POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers
and 11012c for Hens ; Geese, ¦ per . pair, $1 25@
1 50; I Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $3 50@4 50
for old and $5 50@7 for young; Hens, $4@> 50;
young- Roosters, $6@7 CO; old Roosters, $i@4 50;
Fryers, $5 00@6 EO; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large
and $2 25@3 50 for small ; Pigeons, $1 50@l 73 per
dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $l@l 25; Rabbits, $1 60 for Cot
tontail and 75c@$l for Brush.
Receipts were 11S6 boxes Asparagus, 523 boxes
Rhubarb. 1036 sacks Bay Peas, 156 sacks String
Beans and 1020 sacks New Potatoes.
," POTATOES— Early Rose, 75c@$l; Burbanks.
60c@$l 25 for River and $1 40@l 50 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, $1 50; Sweets. 60@65c for Merced:
New Potatoes, l%@l?ic- per lb.
ONIONS — Cut Onions, 50c(f£$l 23 per eack;
Australians, jobbing, at $4® 5; Green Onions,
40(S50c per box: New Red. $1®1 50 per sack. '
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c@$l per . box;
Asparagus, $1 75 for fancy, • $1@1 50 Der box
for No. 1 and 50@85c for No. 2; Green Peas, 65@
90c per sack; Garden Peas, $1 25@l'5O; String
Beans, • l%@4c for Los. Angeles and 3@6c for
Vacaville; Horse Beans, 40@60c per sack;
Cabbage. D0c@$l per ctl; Tomatoes, Mexicans,
$1 25@1 50 per crate; from Los Angeles, $1@1 75;
Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15c per lb;
Carrots, 25<g35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers,
50c@$l per dozen; Garlic, 12%@15c per lb for
old and 5c for new; Green Peppers, 7©12V i c
per rb; Egg Plant, 10@20c per lb.
market is overstocked , with String Beans out
of condition and Green Peas are also plentiful
and weak. ¦,',.- •. : - - . > :....-..'
CORN — Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
4s 3%d;do,"old, 4s 4%d.",;. Futures, quiet; May,
nominal; July, 4s, %d; September, 4s %d.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red -Western
winter, 6s ll%d:, No. 1 Northern spring, 6s Id;
No. 1 California, 6s l%d.' Futures, dull; July,
5s ll%d; September, 5s 10%d.
'LIVERPOOL. May 8.— Wheat, firm;- No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2%d@6s 3d;, wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm;. French coun
try markets, firm; weather in England, unset-
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
LONDON, • May 8.— Consols, 94 5-16; silver,
27 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 87%c. Wheat car
goes'on passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. ]
Standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla "Walla,
30s; English country markets, quiet and steady.
¦ PORTLAND, May 8.— Clearings. $434,965; bal
ances, $51,163. , „ .... . . . ¦ j/.,--> .¦.-•-. .
........ '_ Foreign Markets.
Portland's Business.
TACOMA. May 8.— Firm but quiet. For ex
port, 59c is ! offered for club and 61c for blue
stem. . . ¦ : ¦ " - ':',.' • '¦¦.' '
WASHINGTON.
. PORTLAND, May 8.— Walla Walla, 60c; blue
stem,'62c. '¦¦• . ' '•¦:• ¦-.- v ' .-<¦ ¦• •¦ " •: ¦
> Cleared— Bark Paul Isenberg, for Queenstown,
with 7 71,007 bushels of wheat. •-. . .« " .'
OREGON.
Nbrt. .J rn Wheat Market.
•NEW YORK, May 8.— Cotton dosed' steady,
prices 2 points higher. .•¦'-. .
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 8:— A better feeling ob
tained In the local market for tin to-day,
prices advancing at London 12s 6d, making
spot £119 17s 6d and futures . £116 5s. Aside
from its firmness there were no important feat
ures, the local market ruling slow. ! but finally
closed firmer in tone, at $26 30@26 50. .
Copper ruled unchanged. Lake, 17c; casting,
16%C. •:•- • ¦ V
Lead, and spelter inactive and nominal at
unchanged prices. • • ¦ - ' -
Pigiron . warrants,' $9 50@10 50; Northern foun
dry, *15 25@16 BO. •
Nnv York: Metal Market.
• LONDON." May 8— At the wool auction sales
to-day 14,000 bales were offered. -The attendance
was large. Competition was sharp at harden
ing rates. Scoured ' and merinos were fully
maintained. : Crossbreds were 5 per. cent above
the opening and" good " medium - grades suitable
for America were also 5 per cent higher.
Americans secured \ several parcels „ of good
merinos and lambs. Best qualities sold freely
at an advance of 6 per cent There was a sale
of fine Cape of Good Hope and. Natal scoured
and greasles at an advance of 5 per cent. Up
to .the present time 104.461 bales have been
offered, of which 6400 have been withdrawn.
London Wool Sales.
BOSTON,' ,May 8.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
, The wool market has been very quiet since
our. last review and at times the trading has
been absolutely " stagnant. Prices of wool are
very steadily held and except on g half and
three-eighths blood stock we can hear of no
concessions being granted. Most of the traders
are figuring oh securing new wools on a clean
cost of 40c but J a number of those who have
recently bought wools, of the Blowers claim
they actually cost them only 37@>38c. except
where they contain a considerable amount of
staple, in which case they have cost 40c and In
some instances 42c. « ¦ \ * " . .
The 1 sales for the week in Boston amounted
to 1.875,000 pounds domestic and 135,000 foreign,
making a total of 2.010.000 pounds, against _a
total of 3,577.000 for , the previous week. The
sales since ' January I 1 amount to 81,710.000
pounds, against 55,332,000 for th« corresponding
time last year. - ' ' »
Boston Wool Market.
weak,; *2 S5@4 35; calves slow. H E0@4 60; Texas
fed steers. *4 25@5 35; Texas bulls *2 7o@3 80
• HOGS-Receipts to-day. vS^fc Jgl?™5j!
fe^lcfhe^y. « n |©B 83%: rough heavy^
$5 6t@5 60; light, $5 50@5 75; bulk of sales. $o Bo®
5 SHEEP-Receipta. 20,C00: Sheep weak; choice
clipped i lambs steady; ™» led ,jK£« J4 To®
top. $5 12% Good - to • choice wethers, $4 10®
5 10Y choice mixed. $3 10:- Western sheep.
$4 15@4 35; yearlings. - $4 15@4 40 ; native lambs.
J4@5 10; Western lambs, $4 4a@o 1-%.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- THURSDAY/ MAY 9, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS,
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
10
STATIONS. I
Last This I Last
24 Hours Season. Season
Eureka .'......
Red Bluff
Sacramento .........
San Francisco
Fresno .../.........„.
Independence
San Luis Obispo....
Ijos Angeles
San Diego
I
.... 45.83 48.47
.... 24.21 22.51
.... 19.52 IS. 84
20.51 18.20
11.06 S.47
5.E5 • 3.65
30.85 17.00
Trace 15.58 7.54
• 11.25 5. S3
STATIONS. I
Last This I Last
24 Hours Season. Season
Eureka .'......
Red Bluff
Sacramento .........
San Francisco
Fresno .../.........„.
Independence
San Luis Obispo....
Ijos Angeles
San Diego
I
.... 45.83 48.47
.... 24.21 22.51
.... 19.52 IS. 84
20.51 18.20
11.06 S.47
5.E5 • 3.65
30.85 17.00
Trace 15.58 7.54
• 11.25 5. S3* ' * * - . . .
THE Columbia Minstrel Company,'
composed of the best burnt cork
artists, singers, dancers, come
dians and vaudevllllans • in this
city, will begin a brief engage
ment at the Alhambra next Saturday
night, with the only matinee on Sunday.
The success of the organization at Odd
Fellows' Hall on the last. Friday of every
month for some time past warrants # the
present productions. ' -.
The Columbias are strictly up to datel
and Stage Manager Brackett, sent to New
York by the company, has just returned
with the latest metropolitan song : suc
cesses. In the first part, for the | initial
time in San Francisco, will be sung
"Every Body Has a Whistle' Like Me,"
"Gable," "He Ain't No Relation of Mine,"
"The Fortune Telling Man" and "Day by
Day." The interlocutor, George Cheney,
will sing "Mandy," and the end men,
eight in number— W. W. Brackett, Lloyd
Spencer, C. H. Calline, E>enn» - Jordan,
Elton Lambert, Clarence Freed, Ed Ho
gan and G. H. de Pue— will have new
stories in abundance. The finale will be
an elaborate arrangement of "Mamma's
China Twins," prepared for the Colum-
bias • by Lee Johnson. The author, and
elphty. people, -including a' boys' chorus of
forty, will be in the ensemble. '".; ;',,
-The olio will* be full of good things. . Al
Heslop, "the mildest tough young man
who ever wore a skirt," will present his
original creation, "The Girl From • South
of the Slot": .William Stern, a boy bary
tone, will sing several songs; Higgins and
Fletcher v.'IH- indulee in the latest, and
most approved forms of '.buck and wing
dancing; J." Warren- Keene,- "the; Modern
Wfzard," will prestidigitate; Forrest and
Montague, the-champion juveniles of the
Pacific Coast, j will give . a few lessons In
cakewalking-. and Elton ;Lambert,'.bur
lesque dancer. ; will . conclude . the : show
with his inimitable "La Paloma." • ¦
A small army of carpenters Is working
on the Alhambra stage,' and 1 the- scenic
effects promise ¦ to be unusually surpris
ing. A prismatic fountain in the first part
will be a novelty.". : • ' . ,
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The wedding of Miss Mollie Thomas arid
Latham. McMullin was solemnized yester
day at noon at the home of the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas,
The conditions under which Kuhn. Loeb
& Co. were able to win their advantage
were that the Hill-Morgan interests in
Northern Pacific held about 400,000 shares
'of Northern Pacific as a permanent in
vestment, which was practically off the
market. In addition about 200,000 shares
were held! abroad an-J a good deal of this
passed to the Union Pacific interests.
This left virtually but 200,000 shares of the
X00.000 shares of common stock outstand
ing available in the New York market.
While there have been heavy sales of
Northern Pacific by insiders the stock
held for control has not been sold and U
la not likely that insiders went short of
the market, as has been intimated.
The corner in the stock was not looked
for by the serious buyers of Northern Pa
cific, who had practically accomplished
their purchases before Monday's sharp
rise. The pyrotechnics in the shares are
attributed to Keene, who, comprehending
what was actually gring on in the stock
and understanding the large short interest
tit speculators, went into the market and
tffected the corner.
Hill, it was authoritatively stated to
day, has not sold any or his Northern
Pacific slock. His large interest was ac
quired last summer around 50, when the
proek broke on the reduction of the com
mon dividend and the seemingly poor
traffic prospects resulting from the failure
• f the spring wheat harvest. He said to
day: "I have not bought a share of
Northern Pacific in six months." In ref
erence to the reporteu differences between
the Harriman syndicate and the Morgan-
Hill interests he said: "That has been
magnified a thousand times."
The scattering fluctuations In stock
operations to-day were as follows: North
ern Pacific at opening. 155; between open
ing and neon. 170. ISO. 150, 146, 150, 147, 155,
158; after noon to close, 158, 163 167 170
IfiS. 167, 166. 160. '
Chicago, Burlington and Quincy at open-
Corner Was Not Expected.
Dealing with the relation of things in
tr» turincll of Wall street to-day, the
tinanciul writer of the Evening Post says:
The fundamental fact in the Northern Pa
cific situation to-day was that the Bur
lington deal is placed in jeopardy, as mat
ters stand at present. Union Pacific in
terests, which were alarmed at the danger
to their property lying in the Burlington's
control by the northern transcontinental
lines, have bought enough Northern Pa
cific stock to prevent the ratification of
the Burlington purchase* by the Northern
Pacific shareholders unless some agree
ment is made with them which will pro
tect their interests sufficiently. The cor
ner in the shares was unpremeditated.
That development resulted, It Is. said, from
Kc-ene's clever appreciation of the situa
tion in the etock, the legitimate demand
for which had heavily reduced the floating
supply. The corner's secondary aspect,
though the more spectacular one to the
public, is a movement of- far-reaching
consequences, possibly putting a stop to
the plans for the greatest of railroad
mergers, upsetting President Hill's auda
ciour. plan to have the Northern Pacific
control the Burlington's operations.
The policy of Kuhn, Loeb & Co. . has
been essentially one of self-protection, and
being now in a dominant position where
the balance cf power in the Western rail
way situation, so rudely disturbed by
Hill's Burlington deal, has been restored,
they will content themselves without
creating lasting hostilities among the
preat Western railroads, which would fol
low the abandonment of the Burlington
deal. There probably will now be made a
triangular arrangement, with the Union
Pac'flc sharing the control as well as the
Northern Pacific and Great Northern, un
d'T a modification of the burden of the
guarantee.
Reviewed by an Expert.
NEW YORK, May 8.— The stock market
was utterly demoralized at the opening
to-day by the developments in Northern
Pacific. What were rumors yesterday
became assertions of fact to-day, that the
Harriman interests, in retaliation for the
recent attempt to secure control of the
Union Pacific, had turned upon the Mor
pan-Hill interests and wrested from them
the control of the Northern Pacific The
competitive buying- which resulted caused
a virtual corner in the stock, to the dis
comfiture and panic of a very large Ehort
interest. The collateral consequences of
the open war thus disclosed between the
most powerful financial interests in the
country caused acute alarm among the
large operators long of the market The
Harriman syndicate, supposedly backed
by the Goulds and the Standard Oil in
terests, in bitter warfare with the Van
derbilt-Morgran-Hill combine, offered
alarming suggestions to the heated imagi
nation of speculators. While shorts were
bidding any prices for Northern Pacific,
speculators were unloading other stocKs (
ail through the lists. By some means j
Northern "Pacific had been forced 10* 4
points under last night's close here in the
J^ondon market this morning. ine
•opening sales here were of 2000 shares at
2o5, a rise of 11^4 over last night's close
here and of tP£ over the morning's Lon
con price. On subsequent purchases of
blocks not exceeding 2009 shares the price
jumped 5 points at a time to ISO and then
fell back to 155. The price fluctuated vio
lently afterward between 155 and 145. The
"referred stock broke 9 points.
gan and HilL
Harriman Wrests Control of
Union. Pacific From Mor-
Burlington Deal Has
Been Placed in
Jeopardy.
GIANTS BATTLE
FOR THE SHARES
CLEVER BURNT CORK ARTISTS PREPARING
FOR BRIEF ENGAGEMENT AT THE ALHAMBRA
Columbia Minstrel ' Company Will Intr ocluce latest Eastern Songs and Produce New
Arrangement^
DEATH CLOSE
TO SALISBURY
• .> ¦ . ¦...
Britain's Premier Is Re
ported to Be Crit
ically HI.
don and Ministry Is
Alarmed.
He Is Unable to Reach Lon-
¦
Special Dispatch to /The Call.
NEW YORK, May 8.— A World's special
from London, says: Alarming reports
about Lord Salisbury's condition . are
prevalent to-night. A. J. Balfour, the
Government leader in the House of Com
mons and a nephew of Salisbury, had a
private audience • with the King" to-day,
which is understood to have been caused
by the Prime Minister's falling health.
There has been complete silence on the
subject for. three weeks, the only Indica
tion that he was not recovering being af
forded by the postponing of his return
from Beaulieu.- He was to have been in
London -.to-day, but he has not yet left
his Rivera residence. .
. The attack of influenza before Easter
left him extremely enfeebled, and the
news from Beaulieu received in London
to-day shows that his debility is obsti
nately resisting all treatment, and has .
now -reached a grave point. The World
correspondent to-day asked Lord Hugh
Cecil, M. P., one of Lord Salisbury's sons,
ii it is true that the Premier is seriously
ill. He replied: ¦ ,
"I know of: no ground for such a state-
The possibility of Lord Salisbury's re
tirement has - been freely canvassed in
political circles. .His death would not dis
solve the Ministry, but would lead to its
reconstruction. The World correspondent
hears that King" Edward would first ask
the Duke of Devonshire to take the Pre
miership, and if, he should refuse, would
then ask Balfour to accept it. Chamber
lain is now regarded as quite "out of the
running."
THOUSANDS ABE PAID
\ TO SETTLE THE CLAIM
Government Ends the Cruesot-Carne
gie Litigation by Turning Over
an Immense Sum.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, . May 8.— A settle
ment of .the .suit of the' Cruesot Armor
Company against the Carnegie Steel Com
pany.sto which the United States was a
party, "has been effected by the payment
of $130,000 by the . Government to the/
French firm. . • .•
Had the Government been able to settle
without considering the interests the
Carnegie Steel Company* it would have
saved $80,000. The original proposition
made by the Cruesot Company contem
plated the withdrawal of its suit. pro-,
vided the Government would pay it $oO,000.
The Carnegie - Company objected to the
term3 of the agreement, asserting that
its interests were not protected. The At-.
torney General rendered an opinion that*
its objection should be considered, and
this resulted in a failure of the negotia
tions. The Cruesot Company then ap
proached, the Carnegie Company. A com
promise, for $130,000 was effected, and the
Government has given its approval and
paid over the cash. This compromise
marks the end of litigation covering
eleven years." * • "i - . -
Acting Secretary Hackett has author
ized the Columbian Iron Works to com
plete the torpedo boat Tingley. This firm
Is in the hands of a receiver.
i Judge Advocate General Lemly has be
fore him a recommendation I of Rear Ad
miral Bowles for the appointment of a
court of innuiry to investigate the losa
of the tracings of plans of the protected
cruiser St. Louis. It is expected that for
mal orders will be- issued . to-morrow di
recting that an investigation be made.
In, the 'Divorce Court.
r>ecree3 of divorce were granted yester
day to Mabel Brooks from Lee Brooks for
failure to provide: Mary A. Bates from
George E. 'Bates for failure to provide:
Nellie Phillips from Louis Phillips for
cruelty. and Ada L. Forsythe from John
W. Forsythe for cruelty. .
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Augusta Jacobs against David Jacobs fw
desertion:- Amandus B. Becker against
Mildred F. Becker for cruelty.- and George.^
S Wedgwood against Bessie F. Wedg
wood for desertion.
WOMAN ATTEMPTS SUICIDE— Mami» An
elum alias Mamie Bresley. attempted suicide
yesterday afternoon - In . her room at 829 How
ard street by ' swallowing - a quantity of . car- .
bolic acid. She has been seDarted from her
husband for some time and has been leading a
life of dissipation. The reason why sha at
tempted to end her life is not, known. • •^~
WIFEBEATEK SENTENCED— John Hayes.
a mechanic living at 12 Clara street, was sen
tenced ' to thirty day3 in the County Jail by.
Judge Fritz yesterday on the charso of bru
tally -beatlns ¦ his wife. Mrs. Hayes told .the .
Judge that she had obtained work and would
support : herself and child, ; : „•' '"• -¦¦;'-
PETITION IN INSOLVENCY.— Annie A...
Gosbee. boarding-house keeper at 1347 Taylor
street, filed a petition in Insolvency . yesterday '.
In the United States District Court. She owes
J1463 96 and ha3 no assets. ¦ -• ¦
WHY THE.QEBMAKS '.
'FIRED ON BRITISH TTJG
- BERLIN, May. 8.— The Berliner Post
publishes an inspired statement of the
firing'by Germans on the British tug Ego
at Tientsin Saturday. ' -
i According to this version of the incident
the boat belonged to a British lighterage
company, but was being, pursued at the
time by the Chinese. It fouled a bridga
over the -Peiho which the j Germans w«ie
guarding. The Germans called a halt, but
the boatmen attempted. to escape hastily
and as they disregarded the third call the
watch flred. The statement concludes by.
asserting that the> incident was wholly
without . political significance. * x .
11
xj±±[} SAN FR AH CISCO CALL; THXTRSD AYy vjM AY 9, 1901.
r Few men in Nevada were so ' weil*
known. Senator Williams was, born in
Wales and emigrated to the United States
when .' he was . quite i young. After : he
reached Nevada . ills connections - were
profitable. He occupied at various i times
the positions of accountant for the Crown
Point Gold and Silver -Mining Company]
superintendent of the Mexican- mill, and
superintendent of - the - Nevada Mill ; and
Milling Company. In. late years he : has
devoted • time ; and money -, to other enter
prises than mining. • He owned lands * in
Owens Valley, Inyo County. Cal. ¦ He was
at "one time president of : the Bullion ' Ex
change Bank at Carsori, , He was ; a" pro
moter.of the Nevada creameries. For a
long period he was connected ' with > Sen
ator J.- P. : Jones in ills ; business , Interests.
-¦- Senator -Williams- was 67 'years;- old -at
the time of his death. He leaves 'a^wlfo
and several adult - children," who are in
Ex-State Senator Evan. Williams of
Nevada, who was for thirty-five years
prominently connected with mining and
milling on the Comstock,'' died Jn this city
Tuesday night. He came here for med
ical treatment. . :¦¦¦
Death in This City of Once Prominent
Milling Operator on the
Comstock Lode.
EVAN WILLIAMS JOINS
¦ :-. THE SILENT MAJORITY
Froc'eedings of ;the Santa Clara Asso
ciation t of Congregatioilal .
¦¦" '.; ,^- .":•' ¦'¦', Churches.
SANTA, CRUZ," May 8.— This has been
a very busy. day., for the Santa Clara As
sociation, of Congregational j Churches.
New officers were < "elected as . follows:
Moderator, Rev. O. W. . Lucas of Pacific
Grove; scribe, Rev. G. •-. H. • Wilbur of
Soauel; registrar, Rev. W. H. ' Cross of
Rev. E.' D. Haven and Rev.W. S.;Kidd
of San Mateo were received into the-asso
ciation from the Sacramento Valley Asso
ciation ; Rev. C. G. Baldwin- of- Palo
Alto- from. 'the Los Angeles Association,
and ¦ Rev. "J. R- Knodelf -of : Santa Crua
and Rev O." W. Lucas of Pacific Grove,
fronv:the Bay Association. _¦ •• .- ; '' .
The following were elected to sit as cor
responding Members: Rev. Walter Frear
of Oakland: ." Rev, C. D. Milliken . of the
Union Church - of /VVestside,} Santa : Clara
County^ Rev. Mr. Gardner, a missionary
from Foochow,. China, and C.
N. - Naslr of the Pacific Theological Sem-
n Rev ; Mr. ¦ Kennedy, ; Rev. Asa B. , Snider
and l Rev. Mr/ Hoskins. were \transf erred
to other. associations.. _„,:;.->, v-u
It .was; agreed . to; raise | $1064 .during, the
comlng;year for.mlBslons in. this district.
¦Woodmen's Laws Revised.
COLUMBUS," Ohio, ?; -May--' 8.— The com r
mittee appointed by ' the ! Sovereign ¦ Camp,
Woodmen i of the "¦': World,'-- to > revise ; the
laws of the order, to-day,decided;to,elimi
nate from the constitutional the sections
relating to the relief and care of. the: sick
.and -Insane. •'•;•-. ;/;; ; • .
TLEV. O. W. LTJCAS IS
"'.., ''< ';, ELECTED MODKRATOR
WASHING*rON,,May 8.— The Treasury j
Department is preparing a letter to the
Postoffice -Department . asking that ." a
fraud order be. issued against parties rep
resenting, themselves as^interested in the
Durkee claim. This claim is an old one,
dating back to Pacific railroad" days,
Durkee at one time having .been Gover
nor of : Utah- Territory. ;.The- original
amount was $64,000,000. The case has been
in the Court of Claims, and more recently : ;
in the 1 Supreme Court of the District of
Columbia, and rejected. Yesterday a
lawyer called on Secretary Gage wUh
two witnesses and made a demand for
$79,000,000. . ¦ ¦ ,' '.•.;
"I refuse to pay it," asserted Secretary
Gage, "for the. reason .that I would be
subject to impeachment and Imprison
ment." ' , . • ' - -
"Very j well, 1 '* retorted the lawyer, "I
have witnesses to your refusal.". , ,
It is stated' at; the Treasury that'many
persons have been \ induced to buy'stock
in this "Durkee clalmjj and for that rea
son it is proposed to ask for the issue of
a fraud order. .
Treasury Proposes to
Endv the Durkee
Controversy.
CHARGES FRAUD
IN THE CLAIMS
Mrs.'J.; Austin Kelley.: Miss ; Sheldon and
Miss •..¦¦-;'-, ;(.-;. ".¦. .¦ •¦'';;; ,-- .:;
»; Miss * Helen Deshler ' was* the < center »: ol
interest r at ' the l reception, ; for ; the - reason
that I she l will ? have I the J honor j, to I christen
the a battleship v Ohio 5 next i, week ¦;. at ;• San
Francisco.f ; She t is J a.^ distant? relative ;oil
the ~> Governor; and a"; descendant i of ; one : of
the old ' and 1 honored l families; of . the Buck
eyei State.*, 1 /* Bright; .vivacioua; and' pretty,
: she ' is i a, typical ¦ American " girl ,~ who i beara
her .* honors modestly ;.,'and * with"; becoming
dignity, ;;';••¦"•_.. • ¦¦ i|^tt
'. PITTSBURG, May 8.— The Commercial
Gazette j publishes ¦ the ¦ following: ' ," The
United States ; Steel ¦ ; Corporation has
adopted -the policy \ of centralizing .'opera~
tions,' of .abandoning . its' smaller ( plants,
those '. disadvantageously. located' | and
those that cannot be run ¦ economically.
The work heretofore done at these plants
will " be' transferred to l those . that ' can i be
operated^ to the advantage of . the com
pany. Of the details I ; can ; say nothing.
I only- know that ¦ = to workout; somo of
the details | of i this* policy Operating heads
of the doncerns- of the United States Steel
Corporation have i been * in " : conference I in
New York/ i -Undoubtedly • the - plan will
revert : with greatest benefit to .the . Pltts
burg district, as the most favored of all
in which. the United States S,teel Corpora
tion operates." ¦ w ¦¦¦'•¦ "*¦ - '¦¦ •¦"¦:¦
The i above " is '- the statement of Joshua
Rhodes of ¦ Pittsburg, retired as chairman
of theTboard of ; directors of the, National
Tube Company, -now a constituent of. the
United "States Steal 'Corporation, In; reply
to ;-; an '; inquiry as ; to "whether the .new
Morgan combine \\ had : ' adopted ; such -, a
Dollcy* 1 ' : ' •*' ' ¦' '**' - * ¦¦ ¦ •- ' ¦ *--¦*¦ .¦*- t " j
f. ; The "adoption ; of 'this, policy, of centraliz
ing operations: by -the United 'States Steel
Corporation; will' bring; to; the .Pittsburg
districts abopt 50, 000 .mill. men, from plants
of i the ¦ company that \ will be- abandoned.
The plants . from .which • the most ; import
ant" supplies • of •¦ raw ,• material : are ' drawn
ire this . district 5 will also take on; more
men; -The j; underlying companies of * the
new Morgan : combine have been ! working
toward the same plan of. mobilizing oper
ations.' and *¦ abandoning.' the and
smaller plants and those that / cannot ,be
operated ' economically.- ," The ¦ j Amerlcar;
Bridge Company -z has . had - plans ¦ drawn
for ¦ anew $1,000,000 plant in the Pittsburg
district y and plants \ scattered ; throughout
the East are considered for abandonment
' - The American w. Sheet i \ Steel ?r Company
has • already; abandoned . a - number : of * its
plants ' of , lesser importance i and i nearlj
all ¦ of : the >.-' apparatus ¦ of i, these .-was .' sent
to '-Vandergrif t. ' '¦' For « the ; American -¦ Steel
and .Wire .? Company, >: the -United
Steel Corporation is expected. to carry oui
' the plan : of i the wire I company to . central
ize all ' operations . possible * at : Neville '<¦ Isl
and," where r. $10,000,000 *, works - < axe being
built - This has j already -led ito >the aban
donment i of plants ; at i-Worcester^Mass:,
and is expected to be followed with works
at Cincinnati,-: Ohio,* the portage works at
Newburg." N.hY.r and the works at;Kyer
ett,tWash.'- l i''- - -v .. ' : ¦' , : .' '
Small f Plants
Abandoned.
STEEL TRUST
TO CENTRALIZE
RIVERSIDE,'- May. 8.-The first '-"stop
made in California by^ the spe_cial train
bearing Ohio's Governor toward the Gold-,
en Gate was made at Riverside this morn
ing, when an opportunity was -given the
party to contrast the desert, primeval
with the desert jeclaimed.' •.;•/'*
The special train- of seven cars bearing
Governor -Nash. and. staff and a party.: of
100 distinguished Ohioans arrived in ; ther:
city at 8:30 this morning and departed an
hour and .a half, later." Numerous, car
riages" and- tally-hos were -waiting to take
them downtown; where beautifully, decor-:
ated trolly cars were'in readiness for. the
trip down the valley.- This excursion amid
blooming orange; groves. consumed about
an hour's j time and Riverside s charms
have , never •; aroused more enthusiastic
comment than was j heard f rora the dl s
tinguished Ohioans;- : . . . " ,>,+„'
While the party.: .waB^seelns^the -BiKhtB
of the city a score of ladies from the Ohio
Society and others decorated the cars of
the special train with, a wealth of roses
and greenery. Several-boxes of Riverside s
choicest navel oranges were distributed
As U !pokesmiuV -of* the party .Governor
Nash expressed this sentiment to The Call
representative in- appreciation, of the re
ception given' his ¦ party :v^>~
I have never felt that I .was nearer paradise
than I have been this morning The people of
Riverside* have -been very .kind and gracious
and my party appreciate their kindness. . Your
homes are- very beautiful and your people eeem
to be haupy. I am sure they deserve it all^ •¦,
h; GOVEHNOR OEX)ROE K. NASH. _,
All declared^ that they "werV looking fcr
ward to the launching of f the great battle
ship with most delightful anticipation. ;
LOS ANGELES. May 8.— The first party
of distinguished guests: to reach, the^city.
was that headed by. the Governor of Ohio,
which arrived: at: 12:30. an hour^ahead! of
the scheduled time. Then came i the Presi
dential party, and the Ohio Congressmen
followed at- about 3 o'clock.'-.: -^i^-. -.p.
-The Ohio Society;of Southern. California
saw that the Governor and his party .were
given a hearty -welcome. A committee was
sent to San Bernardino, to meetthe.vlsi^-
r Reaching Los' AngeLes sooner .than they
were expected there j was not ; ar large del
egation-at the depot;, but', the few present
gave a ! cordial ?: greeting. The Governor
was ¦- placed in : a carriage ; with , President
Mulford • and 'General .Seamans and with
due military ' escort - was nhus.. conveyed
to * the ' Hotel Westminster,? his ; staff ; and
traveling • companions being takenr to^ the
same hotel by private streetcars-provided
by ,the-OhiO'Sodety.\. During, the -entire
afternoon Uhe visitors were the recipients
of many: calls. . -. r 1 - ; '.-'. : " ' V . , ;
_ The 1 . Ohio? Congressional -.party, «i which,
reached Los Angeles about 3o clock; this
afternoon, contains | a: number , of -.men of
national reputation'whq are powers in the
halls J of , Congress.' ,. • ; ..' ," " •'• : ".:'!' •' -. *-
• About i two ? thousand citizens j of * South
em' California' passed berdre the , principal
ropresentatlves of .Ohio at the Chamber of
Commerce this evening. ':$ Goyernoi' Nash
was assisted^ int receiving^, by^Fred.'^N..
Sinks, his private: secretary; (Miss Helen
Debhler, I who I will I christen the \ battleship
Ohio; Miss Louise Deshler,, Mrs. Frederick
Sinks ,i General -T." M. - Spitzer J of the [ Gov- 1
ernor* s • staff ; and ' Mr s> Spitzer,: Colonel ' C."
B.-^ Wlrig I of | the ¦ Governor's 5; staff, V' Miss
;Pfc"c.lps,~.- Colonel \ George « Donovan f of .-s the
staffs arid Mrs.'". Donovan, -- Colonel, J.": S. x
.Bird of .the; staff' and' Mrs.; Bird, -Mr. and
Ohioans L/ooking Forward
, to the Eaunehing With
Delightful- Anticipation
GOVERNOR; NASH
SEES RIVERSIDE
NEW YORK, May 8.— There was talk in
•the street of a great fight for control be
tween the Morgan-Hill interests on one
side and the Harnman-Kuhn-Loeb-btan
dard Oil people on the other, but' nothing
could be learned of It. In some parts of
the street the talk of a fight and of a great
clash between these powerful interests is
credited. In other parts it is ridiculed.
One story has it that over 100,000 shares
more than the actual capital stock of the
company have been bought by the oppos
ing syndicates, and that it is as yet un
certain where control ¦ lies. However,
whatever the situation, several confer
ences were held to-day in regard to the
Northern Pacific . stock , situation, which
was participated in by James Stillman,
Kuhn Loeb & Co. and E. H. Harriman
on the one side and Daniel Lamont,
James J. Hill and Bacon^of J. P. Morgan
& Co. on the other. . "
Jt Is also understood that George F.
Baker and some representatives of the
, Vanderbilt interests were also present
during a portion of the last conference.
No decision was arrived at, but it. is un
derstood that Morgan had been appealed
to In a cable dispatch and that matters
were left in their present status pending
the receipt of a reply* from Morgan re
garding these dispatches.
Late in the evening it was learned that
after a conference between the represent
atives of the different Northern Pacific in
terests, held at the office of J. P.* Morgan
& Co., a prolonged conference was attend
ed by Harriman, Hill and Henry. W. Can
non .of , the Chase National Bank. It: is
understood that all efforts up to a late
hour to-night to arrive at an agreement
in Northern Pacific matters have failed.
Bival Interests Held a Conference,
but Fail to Agree.
GTEEAT FIGHT FOB CONTROL.
ing. 195; between opening and close, 196,
194%. 194. 191. 187. 192, l£9. 190%.
Union Pacific at opening. 124%; fluctua
tions up to noon, 123, 125. 1SS%, 126, 127, 129.
127; after noon to ciose, 127. 120, 118, 114,
113^, 117 llotf. 114. 113, 115%. 112.
Following are the total shares sold:
Northern Pacific common, 53.300; Chicago,
Burlington and Quincy, 52,900; Union Pa
cific, 3&.700. . _--.'. ' - .
. A very pleasant surprise party. was ten
dered to Mrs.- Phil -Sr Beel recently by the
White Cottage: Social Club.- . The evening
was pleasantly spent- in games, charades
and- an original faree ; rendered by some
of . the ' talented members. 3 Among those
Dr.- and -.' Mrs. A. F. Merriman gave '¦, a
very charming dinner to the officers of the
California - State . Dental . Association . ;¦ at
their home,". 772 Twelfth street, Oakland,
on Saturday evening..' Music and speech
making were in order ¦• during s the . evening."
Amonj; those ' present- were: Dr. . W. :'A.
Lundborg. Dr. - S. > E. Knoles,' Dr. Clyde
Payne, Dr...T.JL,. Platt.. Dr. R. H. >Cool.
Dr.. L. VanOrien.-Dr.'L.^A/.Teague. Dr.
\V. T. Lewis; Dr. E C Pagne, Dr. W..Z.
King : and Dr. A. F. Mernman Sr. ' ?
on -Pacific.; avenue, the Rev.. Bradford
Leavitt ' of : the First Unitarian church ; of
ficiating. , : ' >¦> yy^'\ : i:'A. '¦¦ : '¦ y
'The .bride 1 was attended by Miss . Daisy
Van;Ness,i who -acted ~as : maid" of honor.-
Robert I Eyre was • beat ; man ' and r Ed • Ses
sions, Harry. Houghton, Ed 1 Greenway and (
Nat .Wilson officiated as ushers. ' :¦--<•'¦
B Mr.'; and V Mrs. McMullin . left ""yesterday
afternonfor a'- bridal : tour, "keeping their,
destination,' however, .a 'secret. • . -; ¦;•.<;"-.'
Mrs. Samuel Davis and her son Harold
are now located at the Laurel, In Los
Gatos, -where they will spend the summer.
The Rev. A. B. J. Brown has removed
from , 1618 Laguna' street to 1483 O"Farrell
street, near Buchanan.
Dr. and^Mrs. Max Slchel '.will -celebrate
the fiftieth 7 anniversary of their, marriage
on Sunday, May 19. ;They^will be pleased
to receive their friends from 2 to 6 p. m.
at the residence of their daughter. Mrs.
Harry, Berl*, 2319 Van Ness avenue.
- . The engagement • of , Attorney Woodley
B. Smith and Miss Florence J>resbach has
been -¦ announced. The groom: is a rwell
known: lawyer of this city. His fiancee ?s
the daughter of W. Dresbach, the grain
merchant. Miss Dresbach is a very popu
lar young lady and "has a wide- circle of
friends and admirers. >
present were: Mrs. PhiUS. Beel. Mrs. G.
V. •- Nicholls, • Mrs. Sig - Shirek," Mls3 ¦ Mar
garetha Klein; Miss Myra'Van Fleet, Miss
Sylvia Bachagalupi, Miss Josle Chase,
Miss Katie Knaul. Mrs. J. » Helllngsen,
Miss .; Lillian - Helllngsen, Ulrich Asman.
Professor 'Annand Schlueb, G. Miller; J.
H. Adams, G.'Bauman and C. Bauman.
.• . - ¦. - • .. ¦ ¦ • ¦. • . . . ¦¦•¦¦•.¦ .- . ¦ ¦*/ ¦¦• j- • ;s~ ¦ ¦ ¦ ."¦ ¦ ¦ * • ¦¦ ¦ ¦"¦ ¦ ¦
MEMBERS OF THE COLUMBIAN MINSTREL COMPANY WHO WILL INTRODUCE NEW
*>
*'\
__ _ I
' .-/•¦"¦» **¦*- ¦ * Jt
Crosse & Blackwell's |
Lucca Oil quart btl 6oc |;
' Known for purity. «|
i Costa Rica Coffee No. i |:
1 S-^und'* 018 PO und 2OC
< Rich, stroner. aromatic " |;
Snider's Catsup ;|:
regular $ize btl 20c ;|
Perfection *of condiments. | :
< Dr. Handy's Prunes :
\ 8 pounds 25c :
2 Selected Santa Claras, cured by,
i the famous Dr.^Handy process. /
I Salazar's XX Port Wine '¦[
J or Sherry t 3 btls $ 1 .00 | ;
<% Vintage 1894. Regularly 50c :
|! Posthoorn Gin :
|; 3-pint crystal btl $1.35 ;|
v H. V. E. Geneva. - ;
i Guaranteed genuine Holland.
} $160. . ;
Belmont Whiskey, btl 90c.
Old-fashioned Sour Mash. - Dis- ' '
tilled by Seliger & Moore. Louis- |
ville, Ky. Regularly $1 25. - • X
Gay Brook Bourbon- vi|:
FAx years old. m\\nn ~r\ ?•
Pure and mild. gallon .;..
. Matured in vrood. Regularly $3 50. i
t Zinfandel Wine gallon' 35c'; j!:|
5 Vintage 1890.'. Regularly 60c : ' J!;
< Bright and mild. Just suitable ?»
5 for bottling. ' ¦ -* ,'Z
president
McKmley ; - '-• - :
111!!! l:-3ovycnir'.: : . ¦ ' : -.
v Number.
THE SUNDAY CALL
; - .; ;^MAY TWELVE, NINETEEN HUNDDH) AND ONE— »
Complete Story o! the Mc-
Kinjey Family From Grandpa
' ; McKinley to Marjorie Morse,
the President's Favorite Niece
.-:££ r^ «f^ In - Shi
• ; : dents. testing Stones oi the day.
"Order }Yoiir Paper at" Once.
; I ?rice ; Five Cents Per 'Copy. fTHE SAN FEANCISCO1 CALL, THURSDAY,; MAT 9, S 1901.
12
EMPLOYMENT WANTJe^FEMA^E/
_iT6^G^S^^^C§1^5_SS_5^
¦ perlenced. Address • MISS ¦ A.. 4a6 ; bixtn. st.
FIRST-CLASS fitter and
'¦- gagements: $1 50 per day. - 244 Taylor, st. -
a -cTpnvr - vounc good "'Swedish ; .woman.
oft y Harris a on. between Nlnthand Tenth. ¦ ,r ,v.
- X w^o^C^k\n^U^ lt V«^" :!
between Twenty-ninth and vlhirtietn sis. ; . |
MIDDLE-AGED woman an^, wo g_ u as of c fl h c^-.
¦~ bermaid: sleep home. Box 362J. Call ornce.
RESPONSIBLE party will
; during. owner's absence..: Box 3633, Call, ornce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.,.near Mar-'
."; ket-2C0 rooms:. 25c to $1 50 per n £ght $1 SO I to
$6 week; convenient and respectable, free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -.-¦¦.•;
A BRANCH office for Call and
subscriptions has . been ..established : at 1098
Valencia st. . • ¦ — ' ' "_
TemplovmentT\va^ed-_«_^e^
A- YOUNG inanTorn the j East; '. : willing : t o do
any. kind of work; has worked . at grocery
• business: will do porter work or waiting, or
any kind of work: has best references. 1.
GILMART1N, box 364 ¦'. Call office..
ELDERLY man, sober and reliable (a Cath-
f olic)." would^fake charge of a decent nwmlne-
hoV.se or. small grocery in owner s a^sence or
' may buy; references given: reasonable wages
expected.' Box S018. Call officer : .:. : ¦ ¦¦ , .
GERMAN and wife wish situations^man ,ls
good gardener and wife first-class cook, fur-.
. n?°h best of reference: just arrived from New
York. 1020 Market St.. room 9.:. . . -:
WANTED— A position as gardener on private
place or residence; many *«". ¦;«* p ll e^^:
steady and sober man. Please address or call
! 1303 , Stockton, st. ' .. i- : • . ' '¦
STRICTLY temperate single man_ seeks work;
porter, • watchman or trustworthy
excellent character; references. , Advertiser,
Station 2. Ogkland. .' ' -
AN ( elderly man wants employment In. office,'
. store, cigar stand, copying: any light work,
wages no object; good references. Box .31,38,
" Call ¦ office. _¦ ¦ . ' '
STRONG -young German, age 20 years. jWMnS
; to work, who learned farming in Germany.
' waits I position in country. 7 J. MAUS. 1017
Myrtle st.-. Oakland. . ¦ '.¦- •¦¦-¦¦¦¦.
CIVIL engineer wishes to do work at home;
understands all lines of engineer ng and arch-
itecture; reasonable prices; quick work: au-
' dress 1033 Union St. _J ¦.-'¦¦' %
MAN and wife want places; man used to horses
and useful; wife plain cook, good laundress.
. Box 3644,,. Call office. , '
A YOUNG man wishes position in grocery,
commitbion-liouse or fruit stand; not -afraid
of- work: Box 3091, Call office: 1 , .'.-
YOUNG man with 5 years' experience in offlca
desires position or will accept any other kind
of employment; no soliciting. Box 3611. Call.
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender:' city or country; good references.
Address box S6C9. Call. .'¦--.
GROCERY clerk wishes position in store. Ad-
. dress box 3613. Call office. : . } .
RELIABLE sober German (30) wishes position
/as driver: city or- country. Box 3610. Call.
BUSINESS man under 40, single, from -the
• East, . wants position in any capacity, \>r go
anywhere; unfortunate investments cause
thls-ad; who wants me? Box 3645. Call.*,
MAN wpuld like to obtain a position either as
watchman or driving dellvery^wagon. Call
at 4S Bruce place, off Folsom, between Sev-
i enth and Eighth. ¦' _ : -
CARRIAGE painter, middle-aged, wants work
in country shop on percentage. Address J. "
G. N.. 1231 Mission St.. S. F. ¦ .
WANTED— Job around private place; under-
stands care of horses and cows: handy with
tools. 'Address D. RAE, 664Va Howard st
SALESMAN— Young man wants position as
salesman, solicitor or collector; experienced;
- good references. . Box 3017, Call office. .
SOBER youth of 20, 4 years' experience. . wants
position in drug store; good references; wl 11 -
.ing. to work for board and room till ability
¦ demonstrated. , Address F. G. BAKER. Los
Banos. Cal. • - -: ' . '¦ .- '¦- - .-
SITUATION wanted as watchman or overseer
by middle-aged man; expert shot: sixteen
years' military training: first-class references.
Address box 3697. Call office. .. - . ' 1
AN experienced engineer In erection and opera-
tion of large pumping plants desires engage-
ment after May 15. Address box 3664. Call.
WANTED— A chance to so to Alaska to work
• In the ' mines with fare prepnid. . Address
FRANK CROFAUGH. Mountain View. Cal."/
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j subscriptions ¦ has ¦ been ~ established at 1C96
.'Valencia st." x "¦ " ¦" ' : • '.'¦-• i ; -•
¦ !
FLATS TO LET.
$22 50— 8-ROOM upper flat.
No. 715 Castro st," near. Twentieth.
$27 50 to $30— New upper flat, six rooms, cor.
. . 18th and Hartford sts., near Castro.
SEVEN' sunny rooms; bath. 961 Golden Gate
ave.,. opposite Jefferson square ; $32 EO. ¦
6-ROOM flat, fur. or unfurnished, with bath,
garden: no small children. . 1131 McAllister.
FLATS TO LET— Furnished.
ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms, bath; 2 beds:
gas and coal stoves; all necessaries. 1917
Geary st. ' '.'.:¦'!¦'¦¦ -••'-¦'-. •-•¦•-. ¦""¦'¦'
TO Let— Modern furnithed flat, . 6 rooms and
bath, piano, ¦ etc., to - September 1;- cheap.
1530 Grove st; 2 to 4 d. m. „» ,'
HANDSOMELY furnished flat: 3 rooms and
bath; 2 folding' beds; $15. 1537 Larkln st ¦ ¦ ¦
NEWLY furnished flat 'of 6 rooms :. piano ;
bath: $.'0 a month: adults. 1607 Webster st.
FLATS :.\VA.\T__I. ,
NICELY furnished upper flat of 5 rooms, with
piano. 721 V6 Grove; call bet 10 and 5 o'clcck.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $4S 50, 'with No. 7
range.- King Furniture Co. . 1127-1131 j Market.
FOR sale— 4-.room oak furniture. . 33S iGeary;
call' forenoon. -¦ ' - . ¦ ¦'¦¦:'¦ " - : . . .
THE * furniture of, a 7-room house - for sale
'cheap. 961 Howard st. ;. no. agents.' ; '
ASSORTMENTS of furnitu»-e, < carpets and
stoves: give us a trial.. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE AV ANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
; etc.. see W.E.Cody. 757,Misslon; tel. Red 3353.
BEFORE disposing of your r furniture see
Golden Gate Auction ;Co.. 928 Howard st. ¦¦'
ART goods anil fine furniture bought. ' Indiana
Auction Co.. 117 Sutter st : tel. James 141. -,
AUCTIONEER John Elder,- 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your hus..merchandlse, fur.. carpets... etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse.', etc.,' sec J.' A..
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton st : tel. James 1341.
A. WOLLFERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Viricent.1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses boughf^spot cash.
CHAS. L"EVY -buys iyour -furniture. ,' carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ;ttel; Jessie 761. '.-
HELP. , WANTED— FEMALE. '?;>;
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. ....104 Geary St.
HOTEL' DEPARTMENT. ' - , ¦ ¦
Head waitress and crew of girls, resort......
' Hotel, restaurant and resort,- hotel .waitresses
...:...........:....'.¦..'..'..... .-........$20
2 • chambermaids, city ..............;.........:. $13
- 2 chambermaids to wait:...'... ........$2f)
' 2 waitresses, summer resort..'."..;......." ;$20
Laundress.-: hotel .: .'.". :$35
• ¦ FAMILY DEPARTMENT.: :
Cook "for- 10 /and wash for 4,, j country, fare
paid, good home, $23: housegirl, Petaluma, $15
and fare paid; woman.' general . work,^ Santa
' Rosa, ' $20 ¦ and f are 1 paid ; 1 housegirls, second
girls ;' housegirls, city . and country,-; best of
.» wages. ' •¦ '• - 1' •-•• '. : -."'.' . ¦. ' .
• C. R.- HANSEN, & CO.. ...... ....104 Geary, st.
MRS M : E.' DAY & CO.. .'. ..Phone Maine 1575
............. HOTEL ¦ DEPARTMENT . .' . . . . V. . .
4 waitresses, same; first-class . commercial ho-
tel." $20; 10 -waitresses, (, different -commercial
• hotels,,. $20 and" $23;. -8 waitresses," first-class
-city hotels. $20; : 3 chambermaids: to .wait,, $20;
chambermaid,- ,,$1S: ? chambermaid, ' roomins,
" house. S3 week. ¦ " ' '• . ¦ ; (. ;. r. ¦ : •
- . . i . v. . . . . FAMILY DEPARTMENT . . ...... . .
Cook. and laundresS, country. .$30; housegirl,
American - family," $25 ; •- housegirl. -American
family of :4,*on -ranch.^M^many -choice blty
•, and country places. MRS. M. E. DAY.& CO.,
335 iG eary st. ; ¦ . ' : ; : .' - -'. ..'-.' - "*'¦ .f.-.'i: s ¦:
WANTED— A woman, { German :, preferred, * for
. general housework ' anti '. cooking -'In "Alameda.
" Cal1 »»,ornln_3 ' at '. 53S , Polk- 8t.V. city. ¦ . .;
WOMAN or girl for general "housework; "3 -In
- family. 6C7V4 Ash ave.," bet.. Octavla.. and
'I^aguna. >/;.'. * '',': ,.'.',. .. • .':.' U •
.WANTED— Girl for second, work ; : wages ; $25;
small, family:'-' clty : references required. 'Call
¦ between 10 and - 12 or 5 and. 6 at 1901 -Franklin.'
A" LADY' of j Indomitable energy, i possessed 3 of
self-assertion: good opportunity, to right par-
- ty. F.f PERSON.; room '412.1J Parrott; building.'
HAIRDREf-'SINO-tausln.ln 20 lessons pemploy-^
• ment' positively, secured" each.- student." ,¦ Col-*
lpge, ". D74 ¦ Gjjiry. st.V;. ' -;. .
EXPERIENCED;" bindery Vgiri; wanted". *SIY-;
. 1 SELL-ROLLINS ; CO.. 1 22; Clay. 1 . st. . " ;.
GOOD girl; wanted to .leariwbookbinding. ,-M\'-
: SELL-ROLLINS ; CO..', „ c*lay . at. , : : '^:> .*-.r.' ?1
2 SEWING 'machine operators:* power: machines'.',
¦r'152'NeHV>MontKomcry_fct'.- ; t\'" >f "V: r . '^ i
BUSINESS .; C-AyCES— - Continned.
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and dp-
ing large and very profitable business. 11OKN,
SOLOMON- & CO\ 30 Kearny st.
$S50— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work; daily receipts $10 to $12: rent $42 50.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30- Kearny st -
$1800— GROCERY. "fruit and produce store do-
Ing a busines» of $45 per day: full value in
sight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLOMON & CO. . V
$500— CANDY store and Ice cream -earlors, pay-
Jng over $100 per month profit; fixtures alone
- cost more than priqp asked; this Is a genuine
bargain and -It will pay to Investigate.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale.
$1400. or owner will sell half interest to good
business man for 5800: will guarantee $180 to
$300 per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.,
30 Kearny st ' -
WHEN you want to Bell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on. HORN. SOLOMON _ CO., 30
Kearny St.: telephone Main 1604.
I HAVE bargains In groceries and bars, res-
• taurants. bakeries, candles, cigars, notions,
drug storesf etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Mkt
RANCHES — Fruit - ranches, dalrv ranches,
chicken ranches nnd general ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 769 Market.
$400 — MANUFACTURING business; partner
wanted; duties will be to keep.' plain accounts
and assist generally in running the business;
profits will average J90 a month to each.
DONNELLY & CO.. 632 Market st.
$S0O— SALOON: rare chance for the right man
to acquire a Kood paying business; guarantee
$200 per month clear of all expenses: cheap
rent: 9 furnished rooms; no better location
In the city. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine.
ICECREAM parlor, restaurant, saloon, milk
ranch. lodging-hous<»; gilt-edge, paying busi-
ness; make offer. Business Board Trade. 326
Pine st. .-.'¦'
A— FOR Sale— A small tailor shop: good loca- j
tlon; doing gcod business. Inquire at 3312 |
Sacramento st. . •'¦
FOR Sale— A small electroplating outfit for
gold, silver, copper and nickel. McBRIDE,
23S Eleventh St. . ' . ¦
WANTED— Party with $200 can double or triple
the money during McKinley's visit; safe,
sure," llgitimate. Box 3612. Call office. V
FOR SALE — Grocery store doing good business:
no agents. ANDREW JACOBSEN, 21st and
Folsom sts^ ' •_
FOR Sal#— Grocery and bar: rent $1C; 'good
chance for right party. 2!>37 Twenty-second st.
FOR sale — Carpenter shon. with tools and stock,
at low price. Call after 6 p. m., at 443 Third.
BUSINESS proposition : grocery and saloon
doing fine business in central location;, also
. fiat of 5 rooms o\-er grocery store: rent reas-
onable: call and see owner. E. CLEMEN-
SEN. 3138 Adeline. Lorin. Cal. •
AA— $400: GRAND opportunity for lady or gent;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions;.
Waiting-room, 23d-ave. station. E. Oakland, j
WANTED— Party to travel for responsible po- j
sltion: deposit of $75; interview only. Box
5622. Call office. -' - . '
FOR sale on account of sickness — Good busi-
ness; The Overland chop house and restau-
rant. Lincoln ave.. off broadgauge. Alameda.
PARTNER in well established grocery and bar
business: about $S50: no agents. Box 3014. CaU.
$750— SALOON, loca ted at 61C Sixth St.; clears
from $150 to $200; proprietor going to Ger-
many to settle estate; leaves May 13.
BUTCHER business In country town averag-
ing S65 per day; property will Invoice price.
Address E.. 615\Larkin st.
BEFORE you Invest another cent study the
plan of the American Exploration Co., 1413
Call building.
STEAM laundry for sale. Inquire 3546 Twen-
ty-first st. : no agents. ' .'.
A GOOD paying delicacy and restaurant at 411
Turk st : no agents. a '
FOR sale — Branch bakery and notion store. 591
Fourth «t. : no agents.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
LODGIXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
7C~camer6n & 667! ~~~~ ~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828,
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices.
V> rooms; corner; money maker: reduced.. $1400
is rooms; cor.; good furniture and carpets. 9>i
100 rooms; one-half cash. bal. 8 per cent.. 1500
34 rooms; rent $130: elegantly furnished;
paving house; good perm, and trans 2650
15 rooms: choice resident part city; ele-
gantly furnished: upright piano; modern;
J 4 cash: reduced to 1150 1
33 rooms: office; clears $100/ 2 entrances.. 2000".
S-room modern flat; well furnished 450 |
16 rooms; rent $50; mixed furniture 1000 |
50 rooms; 2 entrances; good furniture, car-
pets and location; always full: clears
$150 ¦ 3503
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN. _
S rooms; well furnished: good location.. $200
' 9 rooms; N. Market st: worth double.. 300
18 rooms: fine corner: must sell: departure. !>50
46 rooms; corner; down town; select: cash 2000
."» rooms; cheap rent: most desirable 25<v>
102 rooms: best money maker In cltv 5500
J18 r. modern house; good cor.: make offer.
Hundreds to chpose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding houses and ' country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN ..By Call Bldg.
719 Market st. ; money to loan; tel. Black 1803.
11 rooms; rent $10: death of owner $300
14 rooms; rent $45: full; paying... 700 |
15 rooms; corner: ._ay In Installments... StO
62 rooms; one-third cash; rent $135 32T.0 ]
100 rooms; elevator: offices: income $1230.. 6500
27 rooms: velvet carpets: oak and cherry;
a very elegantlv furnished house.
23 rooms; rent $60; paying......;" 10fW
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $70 mo. ;. men.. 900
to rooms; a very central house 3600
FISHER& CO.. 93T. Market* st. opp.. Mason.
48 rooms: north of Market: only ."....$1600
29 rooms; Van Ness: finely furn.: only... 1200
22 rooms; rent $45; big snap... 450
20 rooms; Market; rent $50; apartment 700
20 rooms: Eddy: oart mortgage: make offer.
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900 !
If a bargain we have them at any price.
ATTENTION BUYERS! —
'You may -buy any rooming-house In
-. the city/ and ray for It,
<¦ In monthly payments .
from the profits
, of the house.
. Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD .INVESTMENT CO.. 830 Market.
WINSTON _ WOLF...
i .....;...„ 1026 Virket st
15 rooms "........ $75' » <1 1 rooms $1600
10 rooms ...; son iT rooms S210
51 rooms 2WWI27 rooms 2300
18 rooms ....' SOfljin rooms 1200
24 rooms '853i 18 rooms ...., IDS')
18 ROOMS: Mission st; rent $60" price $725..
12 rooms; 1 Ma. «on st.; rent t45:_ price $750. '
35 rooms on Howard: rent $Sfr: - price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.'; r»nt $75: price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy nt: rent $5Sr rrice $650.-. .
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
LODING-HOUSES. boarding-houses and hotels
*.o suit every buyer: this office Is licensed;. I
»m. established since 1892:- 1 loan money to
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2, -No. 917 Market *t. opp. Mason.
35 ROOMS: rent $R0: receipts about $200.. ..$$50
10 rooms; rent $50: clears $35 per month.. 650
$300 — Lodging-house, 14' rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st. ,
JOSEPH BAILIE, 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodeHnjr-houses. ....
8-ROOM house; all rented: owner leaving city.
Apply 1 to 4 at 229 Golden Gate ave..
O'FARRELL. 230— 14-room lodging-house for
sale cheap. t -
, . CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, 1 btinions, corns, warts, chil-
• blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ;
GEORGE W. KELLY'? Agency— No charge un-
. less successful. Ro3Tn'310. !»27 Market st. ¦
SPIRITUALIS3I. ;
C. E. WHEELER answers sealed questions,
reads flowers; business advice; come. and In-
vestigate for the good and truth of my work;
circles every evening- this .week. 305 . Larkln
' St., cor. McAllister, rooms. 87-8S; admission,
10c; reserved seats, 25c; readings, dally 10 to
4 p. m.; $1; ladies', 60c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance, medium: life reader; exam-
ines ore: oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats. . cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, 1 nr. Gough; Ellis-
t,t car; sit. $1; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde. 2461.
AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice In
all affairs in life; lawsuits, divorce's, deaths;
¦ unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed.. Frl. eve. ; letters answered.
.. Resld. (no signs). £13 Eddy, bet Hyde-Larkln.
MRS. LOUISE S. 1 " DREW." Psychic. Electric
and ' Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln
ct; tel., Howard 2711; 'hours 10 a. m. to '6 p. m.
TEST circle to-night' 10c: readings daily Me
MRS. AULBORD. 109 Oak st. ; '
MRS. ANTHONY,: medium." 22S>A Sixth st •¦
v ladies. 25 cents; gents.. 10 cents." • -. .
MME; -.YOUNG'S 'demonstration of spirit return
, to-night; C05 McAllister; 10c; come. Ekeptlcs.'
EARLE.' ! C22 Geary.' fit., telephone Polk 1 1237—
Readings dally: seances . Tues.. . Thurs. &-Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAlliEter-Mrs. C ' J
, Meyer; .sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
D^F_MAtE^-Coji^ ;
WANTED-^-Cashier for; restaurant, J8 ,a .week,'
; : must ibe - experienced ; ". waitress, some, cham-
1 berwork.f family hotel, : city, $25; German cook,
no wash.iSan Rafael,!$35; 3 laundresses, ' city
r. and country families, $25, $30 and $35; 2 lron-
-ers. country. laundry,$30; clothes markers for
.'laundry. $30;; woman' -for .^institution,: make
-herself useful $20: 10 cooks, with and without
' .'.washing.' city and , country. <¦ 530;: 14 waitresses
B for city - and % country = hotels • and resorts. . $20
; and $25. ' fare paid ; 4 nurses for city and coun-
itry, $20 and $23; 4 second girls, city and coun-
". -trj'. |_0 and $25; parlormaid . and waitress. $2a;
g Protestant', girl ; for. 2 in family,; hou|ework,
$25; 65 girls for housework for city and coun-
S try. k $20^ and $23. • Apply to J. F. CROSETT
-.CO.','316'Sntter : at' -.-¦-;¦ :'..•'-.'': .'
NEAT nurse girl for two children; references;
wages $12. ;¦¦ 1714 Geary st.-. - ,-- -,- "¦"¦ ..'. ;' ..''¦
GERMAN- woman., with •:. no Incumbrance • as
' housekeeper ;.>15:-goo^ home. ;Box 3C41, .'Call."
NEAT- young ptrl forupstalrs work and.sew-
;: ing. 2.-.2Q Vallejo st ".¦ . ;.. ¦¦ ' -. ,'. , ". '¦ ¦'.':
ALTERATION hands on j suits wanted. " KEL- ,
' LY & ' LIEBES, 120 Kearny st: " : • -
MORE young, girls to learn' cigar making; $3 a
¦ 'week .while learning. v 621 Montgomery st.-.y'-;
COMPETENT woman for bookkeeping and
.stenography. : 323 Montgomery st.. room 617.
FINISHER on custom pants. 2010% Mason st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted at 104 Davis st, :
WANTED- Chambermaid at New Golden Gate
' Hotel. 134 Fourth st. . ... ¦ . ¦ ¦
GIRL.',- or middle-aged woman with reference:
lights housework. -Call 8-10 a. m., 508 Hyde.
GIRL' for cooking, general housework: small
. family;- wages $20.- 896 Twenty-second st.
APPRENTICES and? errand girls at 692 McAl-
lister i .^t^Jiwnlllln«y : _^
YOUNG ' girl to assist with housswork. 45
1 Bartlett st,>' - : ' ¦ .
GIRLv or woman to' assist- with, housework.
: 1130 Church st. near Twenty-fourth, v
A GOOD hand wanted at dressmaking. Room
.0 131. -Murphy building, fifth floor. '..."-
YOUNG girl- for housework; sleep home. 1053
..: Market at. \, upstairs. - - ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS 1 restaurant ; waitress wanted;
# 60- a week;- 631 Clay- st- ...
WANTED^PIano player for country;," lady
-' preferred. Box '3607, Call office. : ;,-. ., .
In San' Rafael, a ne'at, 'obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
vence; wages $25 per month. :. Address P. O.
box 136. San .Rafael. ¦' '- ~ "¦-.;- -- , ¦.-'.'.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machlnes'on' white and golf shirts at;
GREENEBAUM. 1 WEIL & MICHELS. 531
I Mission st. .*..'. ':>„•. '¦- ¦" -¦ ¦ ' -* -•¦—.:
WANTED— An elderly capable woman to care
for. an Invalid lady and small house. Reply
by letter- with reference.: 709 Union st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. . Apply at Chutes
, at. 6 p. m. this evening. . ;--..¦"-•- --- '¦'
WANTED— Talloress on. custom coats; also ex-
perienced apprentices. 272 Stevenson st.^ .' .-'
10 GENERAL ' housegirls. $25; • nurses, second
¦ girls and waitress; girls for country. CAT-
TELL' S, 525. Eighth st, Oakland.
DIGNIFIED i business woman to, travel for
wholesale house; no canvassing; salary and
' fx P ens g 3 -- Box; 3020, Call office. ''¦¦•>.. /'"'. *.'
WANTED— : Experienced salesladies; state .age,-
1 experience and : salary expected. Apply .box
¦ 3662. Call office. ' ¦¦',-../- ."- '¦ ¦'¦ . ' -. v ¦" . ." -
OPERATORS wanted at Lev!. Strauss _ Co.'s
•overall factory," 32V& Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladies' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 525 Market st. • . . ' ' - ¦¦¦
FIRST-CLASS ladies' hair dressers who . un-
derstand ventilating preferred. 40 Geary st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has / been established at 1096
¦ Valencia st. ' " •-. '•¦¦¦ "¦ '¦¦"'¦
HELP jWAXTEp—- MALE. . "
A— MURRAY & READY........ Phone Main 5848
:.. Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
. ............WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
LOS ANGELES & SANTA- BARBARA DIV.
FREE— FARE ...... FREE— FARE*
...$1 Office— Fee— and— No— Other— Expenses...
.............. WE— SHIP— TO-DAY
Carload of laborers for S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work; no experience required; wages $1 75 and
$2 25 day...... FREE FARE
; Harness-maker ...'.' '...' Ranch carpenter
Blacksmith, agricultural works $3 day
Blacksmith. Marin. County... $3 day
Camp blacksmith, no . shoeing. ; $65
'¦ 27 blacksmiths and helpers. -ranches, camps
and shops. .$40 and $50, $65,. $3. $2 50 and $2 day
- 3 carriage painters.' near city.. $50
I ................ MISCELLANEOUS
WE -PAY FARE and SHIP TO-DAY— Labor-
' ers;. sawmills and woods...: .." $26
25 crosscut sawyers, tree fellers,- bark peel-
ers, etc .....'. — :.. — — $40 and $35
4 single-hand miners :
25 drillers, city and country"..$60 and $42 and fd
25 laborers, city work : $42 and found
-27 haymakers,' run mowers, etc. ."..$26 and $30
,25 butter-makers and milkers. '..$37 50. $35. $30
.10 choremen and boys — $25, $20 and $15
2 hostlers, country stable — .....$35 and found
Buggy washer near city . $35
.....BAKERS .....COOKS .....WAITERS.....
Baker for Washington.... ...$65. fare paid
Baker small mining camp, north: cake baker.
$17 £0 week; 25 bakers, different city and coun-
try «hopa $50 to $70: 60 cooks, second, third
j and fry cooks. $70, $."0, $40, and $12 week: 50
: waiters - city and country. $30 and $35, $12 to
' $15 week. Hundreds of other positions on our
- bulletin boards. Come ¦ down and read them.
" . MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R,, HANSEN & CO.... ......104 Geary st
Wanted— 500 men for railroad work ".:
¦ Laborers, teamsters, heading -. men; corner
. men, drillers and muckers. ...'..
I Wages from $1 75 to $2 50 a day '.:
Free.; fare.: ship dally.. ...free fare
Engineer and : electrician to. take charge of
' i and keep in repair an alternating plant, com-
pressorg and air drills, $75 and found and free
fare, see boss here; engineer and electrlctan
: to run electric light plant at a summer resort.
: $2 a day; 6 blacksmiths, country shops. $2 50
and $3 a day and $40 to $45 and found; 10
milkers, ¦ $30 ;. tiemakers, ' wood choppers - t and
¦shingle bolt makers:..".............'.............-.
..'....:.... HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . ¦ . . .'
• Baker and pastry cook for springs hotel, $60
- and fare ad\*anced; head cooli6,\ second cooks,
bakers, broilers and fry. cooks, ;. $50, $60. $73
s and $100: third cook for a steamer, $40; 6 sec-
ond cooks, country hotels, springs and re-
sorts', $35 to $45; cake/ baker, north. $60 and
fare; porter and waiter,- country hotel, $40; 6
waiters, country hotel, $30; 10 hotel and res-
taurant waiters, city, $30 to $45; dishwasher,
country hotel. $25 and free fare; 20 dishwash-
ers, city and. country. $25 to $30.... ..... .....:
. C. R. H^NSEN"& CO.. .......... .10< Geary st.
MAN about place/* $30 and found; ,10 milkers,
• $25. $30 and $35: driver for milk wagon, $60; 15
1 f armers. - $25. r $30 and:$l 50 day;. 5 carmen for
2 mine,' $2 1 day; choreman,' , $25; •-, laborers, for
; country.* $1 73 day; woodchoppers,, tie makers,
sheepherders; $25 and' found, and. others. J.
,;F. ; CROSETT "&, CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ".. .
LAUNDRY, man and wife, $60: washer, coun-
'¦try, $30 and • found: ironer, $30 and found. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., \ 628 -Sacramento st
CAKE baker for country. $65;: 2 bakers, country
_ shops,' $40 and $50 and found;. bakers, city, '$50
and found; hotel cook, country, $40; 3 restau-
| rant cooks, $60 and $50; 2 2d cooks for country
; hotels," $30 aiid $45 and found; 4 hotel waiters,
¦ country, - $30: - . dishwasher, '." potwashers and
others. , J. F. CROSETT & CO.;; 628 Sacra-
mento st. -, - -¦- * . . -.-. - ""•-¦¦¦: .
AT CAL.EMP. AGENCY, 59 3d;, phone John 3131
" ; Railroad; laborers, ship to-day, free fare.*.....
"free fare... '..'.free ware — ..free fare
*• 50 railroad laborers, $1 25 to $2 25 per day
; 10 mill and woodsmen,' 1 free fare...:
¦6 tie makers, redwood, lie, free fare......."...
.- 6 men to cut wood, $1 25 per cord....'..,.......
: 6 men to make posts, $3 per hundred...........
.10 drillers 'for quarry." long job....".?"..., '..
10 men for. rock crusher, $2 per day.......
"10 pick and shovel men, $1 75. to $2 per day....
'10 haymakers,- $1 25 per day and 'board "..
. 4 milkers, «$35 per 'month.......;:................
: - cook, : ranch, $30 per month.9.....'... .............
.j. Jap cook for ranch,; $30 per month:............."
, A— -HOTEL- GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
i .... —4 colored waiters," country,", $30. ' ',-•: i • :
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment/. ' 927 Market ; st.;-; room 207.
-> I.'iLESS.: Secretary: telephone Jessie :1176. •:•
JOURNEYMEN 1 barbers, "attend, parade B. ; B.
¦. hall. 121 Eddy st; v.lth the cooks and wait-
*' ers.i8:20 ,p. m. :, ¦. . -, .. . -.- -.. -. ¦. ¦',¦- -" t «
PERM ANENT position (either' sex), .splendid
1 opportunity .'.for. good wages, selling photo-
'¦'¦ graph ', guarantee certificates . for . responsible
r gallery- doing/ first-clnss -work; fine sample
I .jwrtfollo outflt'/furnlshed;. Investigate to-day
;' at ; Rembrandt Studio,". S50 .' Market st.'. . corner
v Stockton,': bet', 8: anil '.11 a. -m.-: Inexperienced
, ¦ lollcitorj^are making $15 and: $25 per. week.' ¦
WANTED— Solicitors and speculators can. make
. f good ¦ money handling ' steamer tickets', to wlt-
~.ncss laugching of battleship Ohio: must have
- : - some ! cash : security;, guaranteed; against : loss;
•,"'" SOI 1 Examiner buildln_. ,¦;'
WANTED — Boys, age from " 15 • to 13, v of good
, l'amily,>wllling,tostart moderately and learn
. '•¦ business 1 • Apply to superintendent;"; NATHAN-
iDOHRMANN'j CO.; 124 Sutter, st .
'¦'WANTED 1 — Experienced •'•counter - ; skiver on.
'".Watson machine: also bright boy," sole leather
:•- rooms. ; CAHN, NICKELSBURG _ CO., • 115-
-.' 117. Hayes ft. i\ ':; '".'•-; ' • ;" .""'- i- ;r; "--:.-V".. . |
,WANTED— German .to^wait 'at' table and tend
¦ ' bar: k country .' hotel ; '•' wages ".; $25 .- per " month.'
,.;.Adrtrea3.box;60GO.;CaH ¦ office. >:..;¦ '*.-." .
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable: energy and push;
y i good : opportunity } to ¦ right . man.; F. .; PERSO:J,*
1 •' . room (412,". Parrott; building.;; i .-» r. r\ --. ;_,.; -.;
BAKERS I' and confectioners wanted :_ union
= wages; .union hours; • no Sunday work. 103o
¦ Marliet ; st. '. . : ' .-'"--- ' ¦:.••"* ' * -
TRUSTWORTHY man partner with respectable
" young lady; well-paying- restaurant: ¦ clears
tloO per month; $215 required. 12 Washlnston.
WANTED-Bakers -and, confectioners, _good
-.; wares, steady- employment, at rAOi. ,ec
FAIiCH'S. TSirk and Mason st. - ,
FIRST-CLASS carpenter. .3 cabinet-makers:
v non-union;- no' office fees. /Mechanics -Kegis-
' tration Bureau, 410 Kearny st. j, .-.,*' .
\V A NTED— Two energetic men of neat appear-
ance with good Preferences: good chance- tor
- advancement. Apply , 405 ' Montgomery, rooms.
¦WANTED— A tailor at RAPHAEL'S.
CARPENTERS wanted: 4 first-class men. Ap-
ply ROBINSON &GILLESFIE. 337 Sutter st.
CUTTER for country* Apply REISS BROS.'
. CO.,, 24 Sutter. ytv ¦"•>-.-.- - : ¦¦-''' i :
WAXTED-To employ a doctor qualified to
;¦ practice In California. " Box 3C39. CaU office.
GOOD bread and cake bakers: first-class wages.
RUEDIGER & LOESCH. 1H-113 Larkln st.
WANTED— Several good men. Apply at the
Royal Portrait Co., 1145:Market st.'
DISHWASHER wanted at 1522 Kentnck/ st
BOYS to distribute circulars: steady Job: J3
week. Apply before 9 a.,m. to-day. 110A Geary.
"WANTED— A union' barber; steady Job; .wageSi
,203 Larkln St.- • .' . -¦ ' ¦ . • **•-•• '
FOREMAN -on .: bread ' and cako bakers. 612
Kearny st. ¦ " ' .. -
WANTED— Second cook. New Golden Gate
, Hotel. 134 Fourth st.-".. ' '" ' **¦
"WANTED— Two good farm hands. Apply 1021^i
Market -at: ¦ . - ¦ ; . '
CARPENTER and' cabinetmaker wanted. 433
Stevenson st. : _ ,. . - * ¦* '
COOK wanted j In restaurant at 1550 Market
streq/. « .¦ ' • . ' '
A STEADY man with $150 cash can make $30 a
. month. Apply at 209 Kearny st. room 1.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; 3 living rooms
back. 1220 Market st, Oakland.
CHEAP; up-to-date - 3-chalr barber shop In
.'Western .Addition. ~ Box 3615. Call' office.
""— — " — ~~- — Tr; — -' - - — ; :
WANTED— Bay at 225^ Montgomery ave.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; rent J5.
403 Pacific st. __^
SALESMEN— For high-grade book proposition;
' no house work; sold to the best pepole only;
must be of good education, address and ap-
pearance : references required as to trust-
worthiness and ability. Address box 3S23.
Call office. -¦ :
ACTIVE man by large manufacturing house to
work at home; $38 in cash paid for twelve
1 - days' trial ; promotion and permanent position
if satisfactory. Address S. P. Co.. 720 Ran-
• ;. stead st.. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Young man as outside draper and
, salesman in drapery department; state age.
1 experience and salary expected. Box 3627,
CaU office. ¦
WANTED— Young man for office work; one
who has had some experience on invoicVs pre-
ferred. > Apply, stating age, experience and
salary expected to bos 3601. 'Call office.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
-'. G. "A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
AN office man; simple bookkeeping; general
usefulness: in. country: small salary: good
home. Address M. S-, box 3016. Call office.
WANTED— Machine and hand lasters. Fifth
and Delaware St., West Berkeley. D. R.
WENTWORTH. . ¦ ¦ ¦¦
BOY between 15 and" 16 years of age. Inquire
808 Valencia St.. flower store. \.-.\t'
WANTED— Boy for office. Address in own
handwriting box 3625. Call office. -
WANTED— First-class tailor on coats; good j
wages. 135Vj Natoma st. -
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
r price. 5€2 Mission »t. bet 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS— Good 2-chair shop at a b=»realn:
• must be sold this week. .DECKELMAN*
BROS.. 106 Ellis st --'"¦-*
BOY wanted at. BUSBY'S glove factory. 207
:¦ Sacramento st. "
A FEW good salesmen for specialty: this week
only; good profits.. 5C8 California st.. room 34.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st
FIRST-CLASS "saloon porter: $40. 152 East st.
OLD-ESTABLfSHED barber shop to let: al-
ready equipped. -..Twenty-fifth and Valencia.
WANTED— Toung.man for grocery store. 5004
San-Pablo ave.. Golden Gate, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy:. able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inkh. able to read and speak English. For
further Information apply, at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco..
'MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, savins two years:
mailed free. '- We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture are
all made ' to our own order, with a view to
cleanliness, and convenience.
HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st
Beware of any cheap imitations. :
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class I carriage gear and body maker:
steady employment to right party and first-
class wages/ 1 Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
. CO.. Sacramento, Cal. ; - •¦ ¦
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. '127 Maron -St.. restaurant help of all
¦kinds: male and female: register -at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
. runs Denver .' House, 1 217 Third -St.: 150 large
rooms.: 25c per. night: Jl.to $2 per week.
GOOD bedmaker and porter, with references:
¦ wages $23 . per .month - and ¦ found." Address
Depot'" Hotel. Wadsworth. "Nev. - • ; . . • . '
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD ft CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. . Third : and Market room 316.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 562 Mission J_. bet.. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Basters on custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. .WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory or
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms.- 10c. 15c and
20c- Boston House. SCO Howard st '
COATMAKER 1 and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS .BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
WANTED— Two good city .salesmen.. WHITE
. SEWING MACHINE CO., 300 Post St. -
WANTED^-500 1 men to . buy new and ' 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD ' &. PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st ;
AT-cash prices for $1 per week; men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS.& CO.. 115 Kearny st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near llar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
* !bus and baggage, to .and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. - . ' . :-•..>¦
~~ HORSES AND WAGOXS. -
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. . Grand Arcade . Horse Market
527 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. : Auctioneers.
A HIGH-GRADE rubber tire road wagon and
-harness: handsome 6-year-old mare; complete
outfit In-. perfect "condition; price $300. , Box
• 5049. Call office. " >• '
S. F ; VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10." Catalogue by applying to
; M. L. Panqjast.^sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD : end ; spring piano box ; busgy, $;3; also
cheap I horse. * 238 Fulton Et. •
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st "
GOOD " business . horses. v wagon horses, heavy
light, fast pacers and trotters. • 7a Howard*
AN A- No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for gale cheap. 532 Mission.
" HOUSES TO LET. ?.:
A^piuNraiFTisl'Tio'u!^^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN'fe CO.. U Montgomery!
$40^-HOUSE invWestern Addition from June 1-
:< contains 9- rooms. *bath. washroom. Par-
„ ticulars .. ,W.v H. CRIM & „ CO.. MIS Mont-
5 comery st . v >
A— CLEAN sunny 3 • rooms; pretty ' front rar.
den : . $8. 2672 Sixteenth st^near " Martcet^-
A" ' NICE sunny house -of 8 rooms and .bath:
medern. 1^12 Howard sf./near 11th st. • ¦
A HOUSE: of 5 rooms.' 231l'polki«t
. $1 £7 T i O iF S i C ' > 3 rooms ; yard; water free. 223
- Kl^nth . st.'*3_uNE9M__Qfie_Httid__a3__B9a^HM
.^^ jjQST and fouxd;-
Lost— Aboard . Berkeley.! toilet: room, -Wednesday
morning, black,' leather pocke tbock : .. aatisf ac-
i?J?' "Wentlficatlon and reward given. Address
st,, Berkeley.
LOST-By little | girl, .silver-mesh 'purse; ' thinks
ar^ lUmor * and California- sts. . Return to
, SO1S -Webster at. ; reward. . ' ¦ ".¦;.
FOUND— Light, sorrel horse vat • Mission San
. ,.Iose road..; Apply at French : Dairy, ; J2S Cam-
brldge - st.'J 8. iF."¥£3gmgm
LOST * ASD " FOUX1J— Contlnaed.
LOST— Bundle" containing Mexican saddle an4
hair bridle & 2 saddle blankets, from Rogers'
Mission express wagon; address on bundle A.
B. Snreckele; liberal reward will > be paid.
'Retn>n to -vVells. Farso's Express Otnce.
Second and Mission sta. . - ... ¦ "•
LOST— A passbook with the- Hllornia S.ivItik*
an.l Lean Society of San Franciano, in th»
name of MICHAEL J. FITZGERALD: No^
96-6S2. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Alcazar Theater. " Friday .' uncut ?ap-
. phlre ring., set with two diamonds. Return
1316 Taylor; reward 820. ""
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolts,
Jewelr. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
MATKIMOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
-send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." IS Mason st.
t MATTRESSES A>'D UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel.' South TD2;
. to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned; expert carpet cleaning: strictly relU
able. HOPKE EROS.. 31S-320 Eleventh ft.
MEDICAL. ~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
, my regulator has no equal; all claws of fe-
.iiale complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without patn;
, no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Markt.
¦ A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to glv»
Instant relief for all female complaints; tha
longest and most obstinate casea Immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market st.. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market, ladles*
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable
treatment; superior to any other; positive cur«
v guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day: harmless; consultation free.
IMPORTANT notice to ladies— Price reduced
from *10 to $2 50; more to do and less charges;
no medicine or pills used; 37 years' experi-
ence: In all cases satisfaction guaranteed:
cure In one day. DR. POPPER, medical spe-
cialist. 12 Mason St., near Market.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th— Expert specialists; well known and re-
liable: 25 yra. experience: treatment guarant'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles:
avoid Incompetent specialists; conaralt free.
MRS. DR WYETH. reliable specialist: 26 yrs. ;
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any aliment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 111S Market--Rellable la-
dels' specialist; best medical care: low feea.
MIXIXG AXD ASSAYI5G.
GOLD mine for sale; 10 stamps; paying; prlc*
¦ $4u00 • half down, terms for balance. Address
box 273. Grass Valley. Cal.
MISCBLLASEOt'S— FOB SALE.
BOILERsT^nelnes, ~2d^hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a large stock of
" saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor ready made: we can ship everything
In 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
st.. above SUth: write for catalogue.'
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear at.
14- KARAT Boss or Crescent filled case watches
with jeweled movements for $10. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A LARGE fire and burglar proof safe for £530:
cost originally $1000. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from I to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGS-
TON, 553 Mission st: ' ' '
SECOND-HAND machinery of alt kinds bought.
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE,
516 Mission st •
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 333 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 123 Montgomy.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine:
good order; cheap. 1315 Mission St.. nr. l.'.th.
THOROUGHBRED water spaniel .paps. 144
' Flood ave.. Sunnyside. . ,.-.-...
FOR SALE—A St. Bernard pup 6 months old;
cheap. . 610 Larkin st.
LAUNCH "Cosmos" for sale. Apply to G.
KRIN PHOFF. 1325 Montgomery ave.
HE\DQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellisst .
WE pay big prices for sealskins. - Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. ¦
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving plc-
| tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st
A" FIRST-CI^ASS square piano for £..>.' UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG Co.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand- machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. .;.... -./
Gasoline or distillate engines new & 2d-hand:
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and -magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery at.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THE
. WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAIVTS.
COMPANT wanted to sink on land adjoining
upper part of Kern County In oil belt for
one-fifth. Apply to. W. „__• STA?"rSBURY.
. Sai'ta Rosa, Cal. .-•
WANTED— A second-hand . Remington type-
writer and office desk. Box 3821, Call office.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st
TILTONT wants good second-band clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth: tel. Folsom
.MUSICAL IXSTRU3IEXTS.
ALL. uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
1 Novella $65i2 Chlckerings (like
•1 Heine baby grand I new) J2M
(like new) $32512 Helnes T315 ut»
.J Stelnway $1S3 1 1 Hallet-Davls $18-5
And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. "We handle all makes. Agents for sonn
of the oldest and most famous pianos In ex-
istence, including Hallet-Davls. indorsed by all
the greatest masters; over 50,000 in use In most
exclusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
ALL pianos purchased ' of SHERMAN'. CLAT
& CO. may be exchanged for.a new Stelnway
upright or. baby grand piano any time within
3 years from dat? of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $8 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
$5 .per month. SHERMAN. . CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers. . corner Kearny and Sutter
ets.. San ' Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st, Oakland.
REMOVAL of KEEFFTS piano store from
Market st. to our large and elegant quarters.
¦ 314 Post st. opposite Union square'. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes and all
of • our old stock at greatly ' reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 311 Post St.. between Stock-
ton and Powell. •
AT BYRON MAUZTS, 308. POST ST.
:Tou are Invited to call and hear the Peer-
less, electric self-playing piano attachment:
" can be put In any oiano; also to Inspect our
piano factory and see how a piano Is made.
t A gent Sobmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Ham-
ilton. Spleimann planes.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou**
I west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 29.
28 and 20 O' Farrell st. :~ pianos. orjran3 and
¦ all other ; musical Instruments of all grade*
and prices:- terms easy; prices. lowest: every-
-thinir possible done to please and satisfy tin
, customer. ¦ _
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— t Emer-
son. 1 HaJlet A Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Sterling. S73. - S12.". t_!3. etc. ; . easy payment*.
P.ENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chlrkerlnsr. Vose. Sterling: Agency: a!»
Apollo, kinar of self-players.
FROM now until June 1 we will hav» a £pr">-
Ine ca«h clearance sale of pianos. Customers
can ret the best bargains In the clt^ tmm 11*
dnrintr this *alc The ZENO MAl'VAlS
MUSIC CO.. 7S3 Market st .
'GOING to Nome— Must sacrifice elegant 3-r^da!
uprleht piano. -219 Leavenworth *t.. nr. K»My.
A-$4f« ; - rppiGHT grand, new, for almost
,h*lV 2K McAHl.«tfr.gt -..
$1X=!— RTANDART unrlsht: rest $125: for sale on '
¦ SZ '¦ Ing tallments. .1419 Post st.
KKANJCH * PACH Ti»!»Tib«. irnsl-tans 7 delight.
Sol* sjrenev P.RTTENN. 2C8 Pest st.
• VOU ran «btf>ln » fir- upright ptano *»? a ' oW
fjg-ure. T. IT. KILGO. 84fi Mission st.
$3 r>tTT> -«,,,?>, -.-^ts "» be*'UI*"l nlar". SCOTT-
C PPT> 7- T*TA XO . CO. . .'BO Haye? 't.
JH7-MAKOGANY -ase Fischer upright. HT
O«-ary ?t. room 3S. .
A.KMAU, CMrkrrlmr nnrtirht S'T"-: 6 nen*nt.«.
. : second-handed 1. yemr choice »t nin. 37 f>»rr.'
V' UPRTGHt! S125 Knahe $133 Pt»lnway *
Eons,: at FAY'S* piano "factory. 1733 MUsloB.
CLAIRVOYANTS. /.
MME. M." BERNARD. '. -'^N. • ;
, v \ -THE FAMOUS •>• . -• . v :
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
' ly.located at. 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.'
: She . reads ' your life correctly, gives an accur r
ate. description of. the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble.- discontented, un-'
.happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
, them. Valuable advice In all affairs of lite;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. !
MRS. DR., F. CLARK,' the v well -known ¦ trance
' medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden. Gate ave..- rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
,-specIal terms. Daily and Sunday. . •:" ". . !
MME. ARNDT. the ' great- clairvoyant. tells I
past and future; never falls; has the greatest I
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to eveiy-
body; cure diseases by sympathy.. 215V& Sixth. |
MME. VALEEN. 1027V4 Market, St., i near 6th,
palmist and life , reader.-: psychic.-, and .'mas -
: netlc healer; cures, disease and ,-hablU;
.teaches liow to' influence people and; be. suc-
cessful In .love and financial, affairs. ¦ . . .
¦ PROF. > MOSS cures you without 'medicine or
knife;, locate" disease without questions; as
,a healer, life-reader, palmist, - phrenologist.
. medium and teacher he has no equal, in this
. country. Located at, 26^5" Kearny. st.."--
MME.. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
- diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr.fslt. $1 50.- 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
/palmist and reader of 'human destiny, never
. falls: readings. 50c. 8 Hayes st. nr. Market.
ISMAR, the Egyptian ¦ gypsy. ¦ clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
-6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader.-
) test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
, ,25c;. gents COc.'; 122 Sixth st. -. ,.-".-• . ¦<
Burnett; readings, business, marriage, trouble,
one of world's greatest mediums. -1382 Market.
.MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy: palmist;, card
reader;-25c up:-leaves May 20. -7. Seventh. st
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card ..reader:
fittings dally. 448VS Jessie st. . bet. 5th and 6th.
MME.' AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c* 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ndvlce: names given: 25c up.. -5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING^
WHEN you become disgusted with poor ' work
send to SPAIJLTDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
• Ing Works, 353-337 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
JIUDOLPH & CO.. Carpet-beating Works: prices
' reasonable.. 1703 Harrison: tel. Howard 2331.
SANITARY cleaning and dyelne company. 342-
344 McAllister St.: phone South 146. ¦
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating" Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st; tel. South 230.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main- 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-'
TON. 3 Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S -Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
DENTISTS.
AT^the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. .you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, S4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to. 10 p. nV. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns. $3 50; fillings.
50c: plates, $5: "full set:, all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering
as before; absolutely no pain: call inves-
tigate : examinations free. Ideal Dental Co..
6 Eddy St.. rooms 44 and 32. ¦
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fill Ings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH.SlS'/i^Geary.nr.Larkin— Paln-
-less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer puildlng; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission. St., cor.' 6th.
VAN\vR00M— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
1 days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. ,
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. . !
PR E S SMAK ERS AND SEAM STRES S E S
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Milinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut.' 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. '121 Post, over O'Connor fc Mnffatt.
BDlJCATJO^rAJU^^^^^^^J
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
. Shorthand, typing and hookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
. tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD' Si BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,' lan-
.guages. ' telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
& night sessions; -new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business' College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc: life scholarship. .$50; individual
instructions; positions secured ; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law, and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. - :
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-*
tions guaranteed to it by, written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee' posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING— Civil. elec.,mining,mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64.' Van
derNalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.,
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs • only - $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st ; .
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping;. figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.,-220 Parrott. bldg. ,-\,
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-15,
Parrott bldg. ; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED — A few : pupils in nil branches in
oil painting by very competent lady teacher;
50c. - Box E, Call office. * '• ... , ';-.-.:•
EXPERIENCED teacher wishes pupils; Eng-
lish branches; references. : 426 / Golden .Gate.
PROF. MERKI.- from Paris.' violin, .mandolin,"
guitar; experienced.. 1008 Mission st._ ¦ •
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo.- 1024 Mission, nr. 6th;
SPANISH lessons given by a native! Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st. . N * :.--.., --..-.
ELECTRO-THERAPUTIO
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty ! nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases
Drs. K. & K.'8 Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
_^JEMPLOYJMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply < Co.. 24 . Montgomery
->ave.; tel. John l 1481.' will-supply labor , free of
¦ charge; specialty of railroad' help, farm
¦ hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers," etc. .-,
JAPANESE Employment office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send, men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk: tel. Larkln 23S1.
JAPANESE and Chinese -help of. all "kinds;
cooks, waiters ¦ and house . ¦¦ servants.' GEO
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 133. .. r
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, ChU
. nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.'
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1U46 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment <of-
fice: all kinds .help. -315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE j and Japanese -employment ' office
. nest help. 4U'A O'Farrell at. : tel. -East 426. ;
EMPLO VMENT ' "WANTED PEMALe!
A RESPECTABLE elderly lady^lshe^situa-'
tlon: light housework, take care of; sick-
good nurse; Please call 1023 .McAllister st '
.near "Webster; no cards answered.
A* RELIABLE -girl -wishes'a place as nurse
girl Intake care of children. . Cairill9«4 Fol-
KOm.Et.'. : •.-,.-¦-
RESPECTABLE i woman wants work by , the
day: laundress or. house work; good cook.-' 316
Linden ave. .">'-.. , ', • . ,y •
RESPECTABLE V middle-aged woman ..wants
housework in, Fmall.. family; good 'cook small
:.wa£hinK. .. 258' Elphth .fit. , ... ..."..
WOMAN- wants "work • by *tho ; day.'. 'Address
MRS.- G.. 235 Hickory ave.:,'. ¦., '• ; - - ;f
SWEDISH > woman' wishes ' work' by. the day,
washing and* ironing; $1 23 < a. day. Address
, I13V 2 . Perry st* "."; ; -, i: '. ¦ .;
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
» BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third »treet»: open
cntil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-S27 Montcomery ttreet
correr day; open until 9:30 p. m.
100 Hayee street; ojien until 9:30 p. m.
f33 McAllister ctreet; open until 9:30 p. m- j
CIS Lurktn street: open until 9:30 p. m.
I?4l Mission Btreet; open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 p. m. . U -*¦•.-¦
30c Elex-enth- street: open until S p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open untl 9 p. m. _ ' •:
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
ttirky Ftreets: open until 9 P^"^__
MEETIXG XOTICES. _^
A REGULAR- meetins: of Yerba
Buena Charier- No. 1. Rose Crolx. J 1
A and A. Scottish Rite of Free- , — UA—,
niasor.ry. will be held in Com- —&)— »
man.ierv Hall. Masonic Temple. Kj
Z THliBSBAT EVE * IN ' G --*** h y (1
S 1SC1 at R o'clock, l^egree ISth. IV I
'- HEXUY BURNER. U
Secretary. ,
MISSION' Chapter No. 79, R. A. M-— *
Kneoial meetins THIS (THURSDAV) A
EVENING. <:S" o'clock. Royal Arch T£J\
Decree. By order of the H. P. /^*
JNQ. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
GOLDF.N GATE I^)<!ge No. 30. F. and «
A M.. will meet TO-DAY (THtRS- +£%*
r>Al"). at 1_H P. W-. Masonic Tem- 7^^
i»1e, 10 attend the funeral of our de- '^ A
erased brother. ARTHUR BUSSELL. Mas-
trr Ms sons and friends respectfully Invited.
Dyirder of the W. M.
. EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
MEMPERS of California Chapter So. . K^f
IKS O. E. £.. srr requested to attend jAjj^
«he funeral of our late brother. AR- V
THUR BUSSELL. THIS DAY. at 2 "
r m.. Masonic Temple. Special car will be
provided. "By order of the W. I M.
ISADORA HOKTOX. Secretary.
KVENING. May 9. at 7:30 o'clock. TSX
P*"-cnd degree. By order of the Mas- '
terr FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretap-.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. M
P- Special I meVung THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. Second de-
pr< . e . Followcraft Masons cordially. in- / '
v-icd. Ey crder of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
gorTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
'\" F and A. M.. meets THIS
.THfRSDAY) EVENING, at 7:31 >C_K
(-.•clock, for first degree. Bj- order of ' *r
+ the Master^ E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodje No. 216. F. and A. M.— m
Special mseting "THIS (THURSDAY) i\
EVENING, at 7:3d o'clock. First de- >_2c
5.-re<? Masons are cordially* invited. By'^r •
•jrder cf the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretarj".
LA PARFA1TE Union Lodge No. 17, ¦ -•
F. aad A. M.— Called meetins FRI-
PAY. May 10. 1901. at S tl ,t>. First
PegTee. Ey order of the "VV. M. AV>
| P. ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
. THE S F. Scottish Thistle Club v C7 N,
me»tf= THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3V, Q$J
IX'J, Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell *VT^
- »"?.. at S o'clock. A lull attendance'
- <: GEORGE MILLER, Royal' Chief.
''rEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
A MKETING of all master bakers of San
. P—MSCtnea will be held at Turner Hall, 323
'Turk _t.. at 1:30 p. m.. THURSDAY, May
9. All master bakers are urgently requested
to attend.
INTERNATIONAL Union Stationary EiT
irineers meets in Welcome Hall. Odd Fellows'
building:. FRIDAY NIGHT. Election of of-
ficers and business of importance will come
up for discussion. All members are requested
• to be present. W. T. UONNEY. Sec.
SHIPWRIGHTS' and Calkers' Union meets
MONDAY NIGHT at 1133 Mission St.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing: of the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
Fugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market St.. San
Francisco. CaL. on TUESDAY, the 14th day
pt May. 1SCL at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of dl-
\ rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
ccme before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Friday. May 3. 1901. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CaU.
16 rages, in wrapper, for mailing. 81 per year.
ADOPTIO.y.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
Mes. MRS. DR. FL'NKE. 1416 Sth. Alarneda.
AGEVTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something mor« proflt-
-»Me and easier to sell than books or insur-
tnce? Ad. F. PERSON, r. t\2. Parrott bldg.
. I 'TAN Rive steady employment to a few active
men and women; sood pay. Apply to JAMES
T. BEVERIDGE. Fresno. Cal.
NEW proposition for photo coupon agents.
lf>19 Market st.. room 2.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pnired: postal. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 830 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery st, S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st, opp. Mason,
L S. CLARK.-Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BATHS.
P.ING up LANE. Main 315: he will explaTiThow
, to get lovely hot water, for baths .without ex-
. . tra expense. * — "
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
2 OR 3 children to board; yard; best care; $10;
near school. 1607 California st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $17G0; ICE cream parlors and cafe, on lead-
. ing business street; .rent, ?G5; first-class pay-
ing establishment; owner compelled by sick-
nf-ss to retire. Particulars, R. G. WILKE,
26',i Kearny st. . .
A— J14(#; ICE cream parlora and candy store;
choicest location; low rent; monthly receipts
f7i0; value in sicht; net profits at least $150
per month. CaU R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear-
ny St.
A— U7."0; CORNER grocery and bar; place es-
tablished yeare and known as one of the best
paying corner groceries in this city; location
one block from Market st. Particulars R.
<1. WILKE. ZVn Kearny st
A— $1100: RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
hath; very choicest business location; rent
JCS. investigate and make an 'offer; a rare
pnd ccoU chance. Call It G. " WILKB, . 26V4
Kearny ct. I
A— J350; RESTAURANT on Howard st.; daily
receipts $23: rent 117: good prices- must be
" «D!d at once. It G. WILKE, 26',£ Kearny st.
A— J1200: COR. grocery and bar on California
Kt ; rood business. R. G. WILKE, 26^4
Kearny st *
A — $1500; SALOON; most whisky trade;
*ially receipts about .$25; rent $40;- clearing
above $200 per month; location one door off
Market; stock- and fixtures Im-oice price;
owner to leave for Alaska; offer taken for 3
days. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
$739— SALOON; rent $50; location. Pine and
Montgomery sts. ; business clearing above $150
V-T month. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearny st. . - . *
A— $1000; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards;
large transient trade; rent $40. Call-R. G.
WILKE, 26'i Kearny st '
A— J3000; GROCERY store bar) doing
a large and profitable cash business; choicest
location In city. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
' _T6>4 Kearny et. ' - - .
A -J1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny *,'.: rent $75; clearing. $1SO. per month;
•lally receipts about $60. Call R. G. WILKE,
- „•>• ?6H Kearr.y st. , •.-..-
A-J4000; SALOON on Market st; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness: net rent $123: sickness in family com-
r-fls owner to sacrifice: a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26>£ Kearny st.
A-WE can sell all kinds of business quick
for cash. STRAND & KAISER, 209 Kearny.
. A— $EHO; BAKERY, all stjre trade; good busl-
ne»s; No. 1 location: rent only $30; don't miss
this. STRAND & KAISER.. 2C3 Kearny st.
A— tlT.': BRANCH bakery and delicacy store-
. receipt* $1.V day; bargain to-day. STRAND
& KAISER. 209 Kearny ct.
A— t-i20ft: BUTCHER shoo with house and lot
See STRAND *; KAISER. 209 Kearny rt. "
A A A— 1C0 CIGAR etands, 200 groceries and bars,
SCO eandy and ieecr»-j>m stores, 503 restau-
rants, 900 etorcs of all kinds; partners wanted.-
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
went to buy a business call and «ee us ¦
WALTER. HAYES & CO.. E3S Market st,
FOR private Fale— Some of the best saloons In
tlie city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. MS
Market Et. = -
$2C0O— PARTNER wanted in nlumbinz and gas-
- lilting business; well-known business. -For
particulars **e 'MCLAUGHLIN. & CO.,r777'i
Market «t ' - . .
$12^— BOARDING and lodglntr tionse: near city.
Mclaughlin &-co.. 777^ Market st.
${<y»'_£ALPON : , north of Market st ; bargain.
Mclaughlins co..-:77>i Market starms.*: knives sand < hand bills surging incen
dlarismt have £boen * seized:-.!: The * Spanish
authorities fdeclareUheyv have/ rarely; seen
a • mob /as ¦ violent < as 'yesterday's ;and to
day's.- -.-.; The. -'Madrid -Press : ; calls i on > the
Government ; to-- vigorously^suDpresB^tho
CatalanFmovement.;; ; ; : '. •« ' .;- ; •• '¦
.PARISH MayS.— A dispatch tothe Temps
f rom* Madrid ; say3 disorders, werei renewed
at Barcelona. this rnorniris and , were rigorf
ouslyi repressed" by.:Vroops ; and . gerida rmes.'
The ? Spanish .' Government . attributed \ ths
trouble to ; foreign j and '.Spanish ¦ anarchists
who I havei tet jirried '¦ from (exile ; and I'-wtib
are co-operatlhg r withUhe:extremeisocialr
ists:?- There -liave = been ..numerous 1 arrests, 5
especially *of foreign s anarchists."- and fire-
Trbuble'and Many Arrests Axe
¦¦;'. : ':v/>-'" ¦¦.-¦Made." ' ; .' ¦ •. -:
Exiles Who Returned to Spain: Create
TROOPS VlNJ BARCELONA^
¦¦;¦ ¦ . . ; siTPPRESS VANAilCHIST3
The Rrcat" need ~ of the times is a cure
for the growing appetites of girls for
chocolates and compliments. . .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E H Fltzhugh & w, St
j Louis : - ' 4 
; Miss Fltzhugh. St Loul
Mrs E S Euson. "N Y
Mrs B. Lehman. NY
J H Ullman, Milwauke
'Mrs S J Graham, N Y
V Conn, . Paisley
H Doyle, NY
M H . Chappelle & w,
>.-N-.Y. ¦¦
G T " Irving, Toronto -
R H Kenyon, S Lake
M Sanders, Pleaaanton
F B McNear, Chgo .
G-.V Calhoun, Seattle
F- G Cole & w.Butte
M J Henry, U S A
H F Witte, Chicago
H B Packer, Cal
L Burrows, ' m ..>.-¦;
C B Irish. Illinois .
J K Souther. Wash
G W.'Barr. Redding
It W Carroll, NY
H L Talbot, Boston
M PCallender, Wis
G H Peaks, Chicago
J Barrett, Wash, D C
W O Brown, Memphis
F G Candee. Minn
D R Austin & w. Neb
H A. Kroner, Wlsconsn
AC Vincent, Chicago
J Brown, Cal
*j Gould & ¦ w, Cal
W H McCormack. N Y
j G Wulf, Valparaiso
A D Rlvas, Paris
J W Oliver. Boston
B F, Brooks. Bkrsfield
F C Hammench, Ptlnd
H F Davies & w. N-Y
G B Cooksley & w, Cal
F. A-Hlhn,- S Cruz
MI^s Hihn, S Cruz' ¦¦
M B Kerr & w, Cal
F Jives, US A
F A Crawford - & w,
Napa ' •
P W Morse,' Watsonvil
J A Wood & w, Tor
-onto. Can
F S Johnson & w, Cal
G~ Kingswood.- Cal
Miss Lamb. Cal <
T L Cravens. Kan City
Mrs G H Hamlin. Cal
H Goldberg. N Y
F -Hughes, NY
C Dunphy; Mlllbrae
Dr J I Minot & w,
Boston- -
G R Minot, Boston
Master H W Mlnot.
Boston
W B Buckmlnster & w,
•Boston' ¦- -.' ¦
J F Hackel, Kan City
Mrs G M Wilson. Colo
J P Curran & w. Chgo
AH Cohen, NY
J Goshlng.N Y
R Clauson, Salt Lake
W F Burton, Salt Lake
W S Taylor. Llvermore
GRAND HOTEL.
I HOTEL.
W Cerf, Chicago
G Ghiglicec, Stockton
[ W A Paul. U S V
i W P Servans, U S V
!.R Martinet, Cal
J W Hall, Illinois
R H Stevens, Cal "
F C Stettler, Dayton
C.R Buckhaber, Cal :
Mrs-C C Holland. Cal
Mrs J Wilder, Ls Ang
Mrs A E -Johnson. Cal
Mrs M E Ryder. Cal
M Goldsmith. Chicago
Mrs J Booth. Sta Clara
Miss E J Earl, Ind
F J Martin. Fortuna
J H Love & w, Ventur
DrTA Keables & w,
Veterans' - Home
J Mayberry. Reno
E W Sanderson, Cal
I J W Catty. London
', C D Van Duzer, Nev
SHCallen,, Williams,
S.P Poland, San Jose
H H Minor, Berkeley
H S Minor, Berkeley i
J A Daly. Xapa
S Nlederbelgh, Chicago
BM Fisher. Chicago
AT Hern, Chicago
Miss M Hunt, Sacto
R M Green. Orovllle
T Mclntyre & w. Cal
Mrs E D Hulbert, Cal
C Carter, San Diego
C Sullivan, NY
H H El worthy, Concrd
J C Crooks. Oakland
W-N Ketchum. Chicag
F A Dixon, San Jose
O Wade, St Helena
M F Cochrane & wCal
R O Kimbrough. Sacto
H G Turner, ¦ Modesto
J H Steves, St Helena
R Clawaon. Salt Lake
W S Burton.- Salt Lake
R E Tlieberath, Cal
F J Hall &w. Sacto
M DW'erdom, Portlnd
W H Wehring, Or
C W. Weelock. Fortuna
R R Smith. Fortuna
S Shanaberger. Ind
J D Buck, NY
H D Moore, Cal
W J Herman, Ohio
C H "Wlood, L Ang
H Stamper. Chicago
J.Mulroy, Ingleside .
J F Walt, Pt Richmnd
C Edvt'ards. NY
J Morris. . Newark
M Evald. St Louis
C Donaldson, Chicago
E H York, Kansas
A J Brooks & t , N Y
T J Catton, L Ang
L E Smith N Orleans
J Fursey, Cal
T J Hall. Ind ' - ,-
N Sylvester. S Rosa
J Byrne, ' St Louis -
W J Lane. Seattle
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
. Foote is . an agent of . an express office
not far from New York. J He has made
the assertion | that he is seeking nothing
more than justice and vindication, and
it is understood that he Jias promised to
devote . to charity any sum that ' Flagler
may be compelled to payhim.
' The woman whose affections . Flagler Is
alleged * to have * alienated from her , hus
band Is ¦ about 2S ¦ years old. Her beauty
of face and figure cannot be denied. She
has had a; host of admirers and her toi
lets have created a sensation in Paris
and in London aa often as in New York.
; ; In '¦ the '. same court ; Foote has brought
suit for divorce from his wife. He names
as .. co-respondents Henry M. . Flagler,
John H. Maiden and J. Obannon.
NEW YORK, May . 8.— Henry M. Flag
ler of the Standard. Oil. Company is de
fendant In a suit ¦ in i the Supreme ' Court
of ; the ; State of New'. York,- " the plaintiff
being E. " C, Foote. who demands J100.000
damages for the alleged alienation of the
affections of- his wife, Helen. ",
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Husband Wants :Payment of
i One Hundred Thousand
*.'-'> Dollars.
Sensational Suit Against
a Standard Oil
Man.
SAYS HE STOLE
HER AFFECTIONS
THE SAN, FKANGISCO CALL, ; THURSDAY, MAYv; 9, 1901.
13
MC£ICA^IXSTRU>IEXTS Con.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 17^ liTrketTItr^you
can get storage pianos ali>t*» for a song. ,
BIGGEST bargain in FUher upright piano-
nearly new; must be toid. 2Cl Jcne» st.
HICH-GRADEvpianos; Steck. Hartman. Coh-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Po«t.
B cA?« J N .T 5 ?J I V. b /.,. 80ld: nlce "PrlKht piano.
.gCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, r.ext Hlbernla Bank.
E V£F,-i-£, n t ' lollns . "-'there, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place. :
-^ J^*^}' ' ro LOAN. ~ I
A-MONEY to loan aTratesrwhlch 9eopie^cs?n
afioid to pay on furniture, pianos, etc • do
not borrow of your friends or vou will lose I
ti.elr friendship; do business with strangers !
and you will be better satisfied; no delay? no '.
_ publicity. Hoping a and 10. 806 Market et.
IF YOUH PROPERTY
•••• ¦ .-.:.. IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
Cl Market et. Loans on CEtates In probate,
undivided interests In estates. Becond mort-
gages, etc ; . •'
AN Y proposition, any amount: 8 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16 1st floor.
ChronicU? building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6"*; first. 2d and 3d mort-
eaeres. undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate ; mortgages and legacies' bought ; no de-
ls y; get my terms before doing business else-
JvhtTp. R. McCOLGAN. S4 Montgomery, r. 2.
A GILT-EDGE investment is offered for a
fhort time by Smiths' Cat=h (Dept.) Store;
*t.ock paying 10% can be had for $30; par
value JlCO; will advance soon. Write or call
25 Market «t. , ¦
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
literal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
et. ; tel. Main 1G4*. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST- rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. SOI Jones.
ON -furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: «»a«y terms; no broker-
age: reHable party. 1170 Market st- room cs.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. lft Sixth;
highest price for old gold, riiver. diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without indors«r or secur-
ity: Eastern plan. Pearson. SC9 Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct: furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate: etrictly private. Lick. ,116 McAllister.
t% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
go commission: private. Room SI. 6 Eddy Et.
HONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4.1 California.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. Ztl Parrott building.
«3X salaries or wa«rw=: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
1100 000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried peoole on note without
In^or^r. MOHPKLL WM Kxarnlner building.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO . LET.
MUSIC store to rent; formerly occupied by
music teacher, and established trade for 3
years. Apply 1241 Kentucky Et.
TO rent or lease— Second floor, 620 Market st.,
opposite Palace Hotel: Al business location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. 623 Market Et.
OYSTER stand to let 236 Third st.
jy> jet — Small store and two rooms at 217
Eleventh Et.. near Howard. •
BAKERY with oven: 4 living rooms; good loca-
tion. Apnly 10C9 Guerrero st.
fANSOME, 8t)t— Larce. handsome store; re-
duced to $8 per month.
LIHHT. sunny offices $15 to $20. Emma Epreck-
ols building. ?27 Market «t , -
OIL.
COSTA Rica, 10 cents per share, will make you
rich; you cannot lose your money; 6tock guar-
anteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co.: send for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
rnent Co.. 32fi Post Bt. ¦
THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands In the
bert districts; Investigate: Fearless Oil and
Water Co.: a good investment: water trans-
portation. 409 Examiner big.. 464 9th. Oakland.
Iff* SHARES Lincoln oil stock, now selling at
company** office for $1 per share, will be
sold for 30 cents per share. Box 3614. Call.
OIL lands in the heart of Coalinga district.
$1 25 per acre. AMERICAN EXPLORATION
CO.. 1413 Call building.
OIL tanks, eecond-band. In Ktsod order: all
T«y»T- rWrnf. W. ff.- TTTTrT*:. - SI « >Tt«»lon «t. ¦
OIL LA*VDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In fill parts of the
State. We can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest in stocks of the leading oil
companies call on \is before going elsewhere.
SHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
SS ut>. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open even.
palmistry.
S?'jx1r6meHfo15s1:l^^^
Taylor et., bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
lira. Lamb. scientific palmist and character read-
ing: lessons In class and private. 204 Ellis, r. IS.
PATENTS AXD PEXSIOXS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS. ~
A. NEW and harmless discovery. * simple play,
which 'will turn •white hair black, brown,
auburn or red, and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to twelve hours, according to
ehafle required, DR. FRANCIS C. SHER-
MAN. 406 Sutter tt.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary st.. and you
¦will not be disappointed ; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation Eent to all
parts of the world; call or Bend for circular.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of puUe; tell you how to get
•well without knife, drugs or worthless instru-
ments; scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathic Co.. 13S2 Market, opp. I. O. O. F. Hall.
A. WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one eide of face, the other made smooth and
youthful; hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology, 105 Ellis st. Ban Fran.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5; vaJuable information /or liquor,
morphine, opium, all druir habits MRS
WILLIAMS, 1839 Polk St., San Francisco.
MOTHER, do you know you can buy dry
goods, shoes, blankets, hammocks, etc..
cheaper at SMITHS' CASH (DEPT.) STORE
than anywhere else? 25 Market st.~
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale, also
chenllle-wove ruBs. eilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. GEO*. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.
fl WEEKLY — Suits to order Irom genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
pant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. <4 Third Bt., near Market: 700 rooms:
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 CO to $6 per week;
free 'but and baggage. to and from the ferry.
BEST taste. "The Superior" ; skillful hair
dressing; wrinkles vanished: gray hair re-
- stored: expert masseurs. 14 McAllister, rm. 69.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1219-1212 Stockton «t.. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hairdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or cla*s. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 3704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
PIANO & furniture polishing at your home
cheep. 1124 Elm av.. nr. Scott;tel. Stelner 4603.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
ypans* experience. J. B. -RAY. ZZI- Jessie Et.
Dr. Harriett Welch. 2115 Bush; hours 2 to 3, ex-
cept Th. and Sat.; electrolysis; 17 yeara' exper.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.'
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
OLU «rold, diver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. E17 Market st.
Letfipg' and Rents' caft-off clothing bought and
eold. J. Sllverman. 984 Folsom;tel. Folsom 1191.
C. LAXDECKEB. 20 Mont'jjy— Watches cleaned
and repaired, no matter what's broken, $l:guar.
ALFREDT.'MS Egyptian' Hwina; restores : gray
hair to its natural color: II; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE rosturne*. play books. - wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Bt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn care. 25c: all druggists.- '
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DI L C ;^- O'DONNELlZo? flce"and residence. •
1C21 Market tt.. between Slsth and Seventh.
DR - . Wo £° «IM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: «ee
testimonials gt office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis."
PICNIC SLPPLIES -
O) ? J"£!?£, w 5 y IP P' cn 'c or ferry callon MOHNS
& l.OH.\S. 28 Market et.. for finest wines and
liquor*; biffgest house; open Sundays. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^
OFF1 CEr-lll 8. B ROADWAY; <
¦¦ ¦;¦'. ¦-:<• '• OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1650 FOR a. $2500 property in ~ East -Berkeley:
,2 blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; sunny and a beautiful
: nelghborhdod; we;are Instructed to sell wlth-
: out reserve; $400 cash. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 -Broadway. Oakland. -; ¦ ' ¦ .' . -.-
$2250— ONLY $300 cash; brand-new, latest. de-
signed cottage;, open' plumbing; latest in
everything: near* local- nation, school, cars
and business centers: cost $3100 to duplicate:
- seeing is believing; call early. J. S.MYERS
& CO.. 1002, Broadway. Oakland. 1 .
$3600 FOR £ property originally costing $5500;
04 feet frontage: house of 9 rooms and bath;
. barn with coachman's room; private water
supply on premises ; water t fountain : shrub-
bery; flowers, etc.; in fact, an ideal home for
. a little money; 10 minutes' walk from busi-
ness centers and local- trains; terms $800, bal-
ance bank mortgage; positively must be sold;
first come, first served.; J. S. MYERS & CO.,
; 1002 Broadway. Oakland.. -
SNAP on Telegraph ave.; choicest lot In Oak-
land .for -fine flats for immediate . Imp'rove-
ment; t will, be business property very soon.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
- : 1008 Broadway.; Oakland. <
$1500— NEAT cottage home in West Oakland: 6
rooms: right near local train; easy payments;
investigate at once; sunny side." -
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$2750— PRETTY Eastlake cottage, 6 rooms and
bath: modern plumbing; fine barn: lot 50x140;
near San Pablo ave.; a regular snap. ¦
GEO. W. AUSTIN &. CO..
¦ . 100S Broadway, Oakland. .
$2J CABH. $10 monthly— Lot 100x200. fronting on
two streets; lot covered with fruit and shade
trees; city water ;au Ideal place for- chicken
raising; finely sheltered; superb sbll; away
from fogs . and| raw winds; r adjoining East
Oakland; near a fine school and, electric car
lines; price $590 all told. .Call or send for cir-
cular, 455 Seventh Et.. opposite Broadway feta-
tion, Oakland ; carriage free. ' H. j Z. JONES,
¦ Owner. .- • ' v , • .-
$5500 LOT FOR FLATS — : — ~ - — $5500
Finest lot in the city of Oakland to build on
for income; stores and flats or. any kind of Im-
provement will pay handsomely: the lot is 100s
100, on the NW. corner Alice and Seventh sts..
the" best corner of; all; 'sun all day; the Alice
Park U across the' street; .within two minutes'
wal^of three R. R. stations: neighborhood first
classl will subdivide. WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
903 Broadway. Oakland...* -'< ,' > ¦ ¦
OAKLAND FURIVITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, 'the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin — Large, sunny baj>'
window; wooden* mantel; use of kitchen.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suites of. 3 rooms, nicely fur.; gas; bath.
HOWARD, 613— Rooms, 75c per week and up-
ward; also housekeeping. - - * ¦ • -.
HOWARD, 1703— Housekeeping rooms, to let in
private family. _¦¦ ' ; -
NEW Auburn House, S34 Third st — Housekeep-
ing rooms for family: also single rooms for
gentlemen; reasonable prices; references.' ¦
OAK, 119 — 2 sunny rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; yard, storage, range, closets; $12.
POLK, 605 — 2 sunny parlors, piano; also 1 room,
gas stoves, running water, bath, gas. ' •-
TURK, S04»,fc— Sunny furnished rooms for light
housekeeping, $12 and $13. *
TWELFTH. 120—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping/rooms; private family; select locality.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 10SS
¦ Valencia st, ¦ .* . - " ' •
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 25c: free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms?
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites,' single; also unfurnished.
CLEMENTINA. 71514. bet. 8th & 9th— Sunny
furnished room for one or two gentlemen.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny' rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny .st. —
Tel. Red 2334: rooms furnished or unfurnished.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GUERRERO, 444 — Furnished room; private
family.
HOWARD, S44. flat A— Sunny front room, nice-
ly furnished; private family. - . ¦
JESSIE, !o6— Furnished "room; 75c a week.
Room 3. . .
LARKIN. 610 — Two furnished rooms to let.
MARKET, 1049A— Front rooms, en suite, sin-
gle; also other rooms; telephone Howard 108.
MINNA. 262; near 4th— Furnished front parlor;
• suitable for 2 gentlemen; private family.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
: bay- window room, Jl.per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Gearny— Corner bay-
window; wooden mantel; folding double bed;
no. ; ,
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 546— Sunny front room, with al-
. cove, $10.
PINE, 1006 (The Victor)— New management;
thoroughly renovated; sunny suites, single
rooms, with board.
POLK, 717— Sunny, furnished front room, $6.
ROSBDALE House. 319-321 ' Ellis st.— Rooms,
night.- 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to»$4; open nlght.-
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with -hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 1603— Nice sunny furnished
•front rooms. '
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenwnrtb— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; "beautiful grounds.
TURK. 12(i— Sunny furnished front room suit-
able for k gentleman.
TURK.. 114— A . nice furnished i room for one
gentleman. : , ;. .
TURK. 26S (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
' nlshed: modern: board optional.- Phone
South 422. r- : -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1096
Valencia st. x St ' ¦ . ¦ .. - ,
- ROOMS AND BOARD. ,
COMFORTABLE home; table and appoint-
ments • flrst-claes; convenient to cars. Box
: 8698.' Call. : •
HOTEL. Las Palmas, 1820 Market— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
A FAMILY hotel.- Wllmott. 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.' .. -
ROOMS and board; prices . reasonable. 415
¦ First st.; between Harrison and Bryant. •
AT summer.' rates: attractive rooms: special
table: wine dinners. S07 California st. - ';¦'- .
nooMS WASTED.
WANTED— Accommodations for visiting stran-
gers during President's stay In San Francisco;
¦any hotels, boarding-houses or private fami-
lies having rooms to spare will please' bring
Or send to room 217. Palace Hotel,. Information
a»«*o T lhe number and capacity of rooms to
rent; also state whether- with :"or. without
board. Citizens' Committee on Hotels, room
217, Palace Hotel.
3 OR-4 unfurnished: no children: north of Mar-
• ket; state rent. Box 8644. Call. ¦ '.
• ' . ' SPECIAL NOTICES^
'ALL parties to ; whom- I am' Indebted will be
promptly paid on presentation of their claims
¦ to m» without court process.. All , parties in-
" -: riebted to me will-please cullon me and pay
the same without delay. B.\J." F. SIEMER.
920 Ninth ave., south,' San Francisco.- '¦-¦. ¦
V San Francisco,. Cal.. ,May 8, 1D01. . , : . ¦
LADIES— Chichester. English. Pennyroyal Pills
are i the , best; - safe, ; reliable:', take ' no i other;
¦send " 4c . stamps k for. particulars, -"Relief ' for
Ladles" In letter by, return mall: at drug-
• gists. Chichester Chemical : Co.. . Phlladel., Pa.'
BAD . tenants ' ejected for M s* collection*? tnade*
- city or. country. PACIFIC COLLECTION: CO.'
'' 415 Montgomery st..' room* 9-19: tel. 5580.. ; •
SEWING MACHINES -¦ AND - SUPPLIES*
SKCOND-HAND . machines . ail / makes -' aT~aT-'
• •; most : any; price you want ' to 'pay; -all kinds
¦ rented - V. mo, . '..145 Sixth fct. ; . phone Mint 45.'-
ALL 'kinds, bought," 60ld- and repairing guaran-
V teed. Charles Plambeck.- 1915' Mission. nr.'.lSth.' 1 .
ALL' kinds bought, i sold." rented.! exchanged,'* re-
T paired; open even. ; phone Black 1124. JM5 4th/
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures . here in your
midst • many • who have suffered . 20 to . 30
years- over "fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference;' no chloroform.
- surgery or delay from business, and no
calves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box iS50. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Income property south of Market;
$2000 to $10.000. Box 3C63. Call office. •¦¦•¦¦ ¦
j n^AL~ES^^^^CIT^^FOR~^AEET
A. "iI~iPECK^& CO.,
C67 Market street.
¦> Opposite Kearny street.
Genuine Bargains in Best Portion of City.
IPO 000— Vicinity First and Mission sts. : on*
' tenant: Jong lease; new brick and Iron
building: lot 940(1 square feet; this beats
bonds or banks.
«se 000 Van Ness ave. corner; 120 ft. Van Ness
ave.; three frontages; choicest on the
avenue; prospective Investors see this.
$75,0C0/-Corntr, block from- Powell and Ellis:
s ' two stores and two . lodging-houses;
* never vacant: 60 ft. frontage; no prop-
erty like this on the market any more;
i rent about ?<0O. ' ¦ '
1 YA COO— Post-st. corner, downtown; i splendid
I building; 60 ft. front; paying 6 per cent
net. ¦•'..¦• - ¦
$36,000 — Downtown Mission-street bargain; 70
feet front; this Is a rare buy; the largest
let to be had on Mission street to-day.
?23,000— Best improved north of Market St.,
close to Geary st. and Grant ave,: four-
Btory and basement brick building'. 40
feet frontace; rent $170.
J1S.000 — Howard Ft., near Third; splendid four-
stcry and basement structure: no better
- buy to be had In this district; low. rents
at $125.
$17,500— Western Addition • business property:
Etcres and flats. on best street; 50 ft. lot;
this is a clean Investment; rents $107.
$12,500— Sansome-st. corner, wholesale district:
35 ft. frontage; rents J1C0. * -' ¦
$S,500— McAllister-st. Income property. " near
I Octavia: two frontages: rents $83 per
> month; lot 27:6x120 feet.
$3,750— O'Farrell st.; three houses; lot 4SxS0
ft.; rents $40; price reduced from $3000;
cannot be beat.- ¦ *. «\
A. M. SPECK & CO..
- - - 667 Mtrket Btreet.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Realty and rents both going up.
Secure a lot from us and be Independent.
$500 to J-SOO — Graded lots in Sunset District;
superb view; selling rapidly; $10 monthly.
$350 to $750— Choicest Richmonds lots; $10
monthly.
. $75. $100 to $330— Level Ocean" Boulevard lots;
all bargains; $5 monthly.
$75, $100 to $250— Level lots near Misslon-st.
cars; ready to build on; $5 monthly.
$500. $1000 to $3500— Splendid cottages: remark-
ably cheap; choice locations; easy terms.
Branch office. Ninth ave., near H St., Sunset.
¦ I. ¦¦ * •
. SOL GETZ & BRO.,
_. ;; 64 Chronicle Building.
INCOME property; Clement St.; $35 rent;. $3000
2-story residence; 11 roorn,s; modern 5000
Fine home near Cherry and Clay; 11 rms. 7500
Elegant flats; '1422 Point Loboa; 13' rms. 4300
' Cottage 5 rooms ; brand new ; easy terms. 2600
19D1 model; I-story; 6 big rooms. ;... 4000
For further particulars and other bargains
call Richmond Land Co., 323 Clement st.
SUNNY corner lots always a good speculation.
$9000—60x100: NE. cor. Clay and Central ave.
JSfiOO— 40x82:6: NE. cor. Bush and Devisadero.
$9000— 60 ft. -business lot; Devisadero.
t $8000— Elegant home, fully furnished; Haight.
THOMAS McMAHON. 21S Montgomery st.
$C900— HOUSE of 2 flats; bay-windows and
bath; 5 and 6 rooms; lot 26xS5. 4059 Nine-
teenth st.. near Castro.
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern residence.
8 rooms • and bath, in a desirable location
near park: reasonable terms. -¦ 660 Mission st.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole st. ; open dally.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. CUXN. 530 California st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE COCXTRY — For Sale
cT^r~UM^S^N~X^CoTT^4^M^in7g^rn^jrsT~^
Special bargain— 160 acres near Yuba City,
Sutter Co., short distance from Marys vi lie; all
under cultivation: all rich valley land; few
beautiful live oak trees- good buildings; well
watered and well fenced: this land has been
producing profitably and is especially adapted
to nearly all kinds of fruits; this will be sold
In whole or In part at a very low price.
Also 140 acres, all under cultivation; rich
valley land; good buildings; well fenced: short
distance from Yuba City. Sutter Co.; will be
sold in whole or in part to suit purchaser and
at an extremely low price.
The two above nieces should be seen to be
appreciated, and If contemplating purchasers
will call or write for Information a bargain
will be given. R. D. BROWNE,
Manager Country Department. !
BUY In Napa County; no droughts, no irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO., St. Helena, Cal.
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent, 713
Market st, by Call bldg.-^Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale . all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main, Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
- Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. •
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALIC— In Ross "Valley, 7 minutes' walk
from San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200:
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR. 404 Sanaome st.
$160 — LOTS In Ross Valley, near San' Anselmo
station: 25x160. Apply S76 Jackson st.
ALAMEDA ADYEBTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
Real Estate.
We offer to-day* some of the choicest lots in
the city of Alameda. from $300 up. .
Houses built on the installment, plan, $300
down, $20 to $30 per month. ' v . '¦> ; ¦
F"urnisned and unfurnished house^to let. .
| Some choice snaps -In bank property; must
be sold within 60 days. Call and see us. . '
HAMMOND & HAMMOND." -
:V7;". 2326 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
PROPERTY of Two -Estates; Immense Bar-
gains. - - '
- - - Must be" Sold.
, 150x207 feet, with Improvements, on Santa
Clara ave. . -"'
Four lots. £0x207:6 feet on Santa Clara ave.,
near Park st.; offer- wanted.
E. D.. J UDD COMPANY.
- . . -* 1424 -Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
DO you want to own your own home? We will
build houses according to your own. plans
on centrally located lots for small cash pay-
ments, balance same as rent.
Bargain— New cottage, . four ." rooms. ' bath
and pantry; 'bay-window; patent closet; sta-
tionary wash tubs; brick- 'foundations .and
large lot; 2 blocks from station; price $1400;
$100 cash, balance $15 monthly. '
We have other new modern houses of 3, 4.
6, 6. 7. 8 and 9 rooms each which we will sell
on very easy terms; central locations and low
prices.
Take Berkeley train, get off. at Lorin sta-
tion. Office west side of railroad track. *.
_ Open Sundays. v. ¦ - - ' '¦ •¦¦:>
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & . LYONS. ' Lorin.
J27L0— NEW 2-«tory house; complete • In, every
particular; thoroughly well built; street work
all done; near, the electric cars and railroad.
$3000 — Fine new house of 9 rooms: lot 52x160;
gas and electric lights; excellent view of bay
. and near university, •
. Apply to JOS. J. -MASON, .
: . Real Estate. Berkeley Station. .
$17S0— HOUSE of S rooms and bath; large lot;
streetcars paes the property;; for cash or in-
stallments. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Berke-
ley station.' ¦ , . .. . ... -...-,¦
J1300— 6-room house;. large lot: all fenced; half
block to electric cars; 4 blocks to local.
$$500— Income • property ; In " center of. town;
rents for $71 per, month. -, • "
$8500— 1H»«' finest : home Jn beautiful ,Berke-
¦* ley;. lot 100x130; barn and all conveniences of
a home. " • • '.
Apply -8. S. QUACKENBUSH. oppesite
.First National .Bank. ; -.. ' . ; -. • •¦--. -
BARGAIN— $350; highilot. 2 blocks from Golden
Gate station; 40x100; $450. high lots, 2 blocks
- from Ashby station; «0xll0. A.' .'GREUB,
.1011 Mason st. ¦¦-'¦- . * '
FRUITVALE ApVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALB '.; REAL ESTATE.-'.
$1750 — 5-room cottage, modern, stable: lot '50x140.
Inquire Hanson's shoe '. store," Frultvale, i Cal.
STORAGE AND WA j^5£^ SES -
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and' Moving Co.,
¦office Fj3st and Powell sts. : tel.. Main oT13. ;
A HALF rate will be named for storage, mdse.
or furniture,. by.Smiths' Cash Store, g Mat-
~ ket gt:;.ln3. free: fire, proof new, building. ¦;,;-,
A FLAT rental, vei-y low, or ' proflt-sharing
.warehouse proposition _ to TesDonslble^- Party
who .understands the business. SMITH. .25
.Market- et. - • , J - - ¦'¦ - ' : ¦'"•/-. -..¦'
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 722 Mission st.;
tel., Main 1840: shipping at cut .rates. ¦>..,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
., pany, .2320 Flllmore St.: phone. Jackeon .281. -.-;
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mia-.
slon st.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W ZEHFUSS. ¦.- . .
~——~— TO LEASE, ¦y^^. s
LOVELT HOME. .- " ¦ \ . •":-. V •-
To lease f or : a long ' term ¦ to responsible
party, 40 acres of. best land, good locality, in
¦ Santa Cruz County; only half a mile from de-
" pot- consisting of about 25 acres of. best; wine
grapes and balance best fruit;, apples, cher-
•rles, • plums, etc.; lovely, cottage, furnished;
also horses, carriage, phaeton. _ etc.: also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. Box
,3S41.-.Call office. . ' '. '¦'¦'¦¦ ' ¦>¦•
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES. .
GR^AV^R^AiNsTN~TYPEWRITERS^W^
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
¦ Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 866.
WINDOWS F°RJg A j^JL E :-_;_
VAN NESS ave,. 515— Bay- windows, "seats and
¦¦¦ rooms to rent on line of parade. , '
; . . DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 27 (thirty cents per. share) . of
J the Paauhau Sugar Plantation . Co.. . will . be
payable at the office of. the company, • 327,
• Market- st.. on and after Friday, May lo,
1901. Transfer books closed Friday. i, May -3.
1901, at 3 o'clock p. in. E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary. -. . _ . ¦ . . - '
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant. Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend (No. 29) of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on; the issued capi-
tal stock of . the company has been declared
payable at the office of the .company, 430
California st.. San Francisco, on May 10, 1901.
Transfer, btfoks close May 3, 1901. at- noon. A.
A. SPARKS. Secretary. - " - ¦ ..
TREASURY Department. Office of General Su-
• perlntendent U. S. Life-saving Service. Wash-
ington, D. C, May 4, 1901.— Sealed proposals
will be received at this office until 2 o'clock
p. m. of Friday, the 31st day of May, 1901,
and then publicly opened, for furnishing sup-
: plies required for use of the Life-saving Ser-
- vice for, the fiscal year ending June 30, 1902;
the supplies to be delivered at such points In
New York City. Grand Haven, Mich;, and
San Francisco, Cal., as may be required,
¦and In the quantities named in the specifica-
tions. The. supplies needed consist of Beds
and Bedding; Blocks and Sheaves; Cordage;
Crockery; ¦> Furniture; Hardware; \ Lamps,
I Lanterns, etc. ; Lumber: Medicines, etc. ;
• Paints. , Oils, etc. : Ship " Chandlery ; Stoves.
etc.; Tools and Miscellaneous Articles: all of
which are enumerated in the specifications
attached to the form of bid, etc.; which may
i be obtained upon application to this office,
or to the Inspector of Life-saving Stations,. 17
State .street. New York. City; Superintendent
Twelfth Life-saving -District, ' Grand Haven,
Mich.;, and Superintendent Thirteenth Life-
saving District. New Appraisers' Stores, San
¦ Francisco, Cal. Envelopes containing pro-'
posals should be addressed to the "General
Superintendent U. S. Life-saving Service,
Washington D. C," and marked on the out-
side "Proposal for Annual Supplies." The
right is reserved to reject any or all bids and
to waive defects, if deemed for 'the Interests
of the Government. S. I. KIUBALL, Gen-
eral Superintendent.. • . . ,
TREASURY Department.- office of the Super-'
vising Architect. Washington, D. C, April
22. 1901. — Sealed proposals will be received at
this office until 2 o'clock p. ,m. on the 4th
day of June, (1901. and then - opened, for the
surgeon's residence at the United States Ma-
rine Hospital. San Francisco. Cal., in ac-
cordance -with drawing and specification."
copies of which may be had at the discretion
of the Supervising Architect by applying to
this office or to the Custodian of the Station
at San Francisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR. Supervising Architect. '¦ ¦
MAKRIAGE LICENSES. .
'The followinff marriage licenses) were Issued
yesterday:- , ¦ ¦ ...
Albert Betteris. 30, Byron Hot Springs, and
Daisy L. Ricks, 27, 907 Steiner street.
James N. Hore, 27, 158 Eureka Etreet, and
Josie Lawley, 20, 3965 Eighteenth street.
Charles R. Wriston,' 26, Mendota, and The-
resa Arbios, 27,' Pleasanton. . .
Otto E. Strom, 34, city, and Helen O." Lau-
rence, 29, city. . ' - -
Salvatore Cassetta, 24, 433 Vallejo street, and
Anna'Priola. 22, 433 Vallejo street.
Charles. M. Donovan, 25, 1703 Kearny ; street,''
and Margaret Perkins, 18, 109 Montgomery ave.'
BIRTHS--MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, * marriage and death notices 'sent' by
mall will not be inserted. They must.be handed
in at f-lthpr of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with "the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. »
BORN.
FEDER— In Santa Paula, May 8, 1901. to the
wife cf A. S. . Feder, a son.
IRVINE— In this city, May 8. 1901.' to the wife
qt Alexander Irvine, a daughter. . v
LARSON— In - this city. May 6, 1901, .to the
i wife of John M. Larson, a daughter. -. j
POOLE— In this city. May 7, 1901, to the wife
-of George Poole, a son. :>.-.»
SIEBERST— In this city. May. 7. 1901. to the
wife of William H. Sleberst. a daughter,
~~ MARRIED. ' ~~
ROETTGER— HANNA— April : 24. 1901. by the
Rev. E., J. Lion, Fred Roettger and Ethel M.
¦ Hanna. ~.~ -. '¦-.--.
DIED.~
Barry, William " ¦ . McLaughiin. , Andrew
Bufsell. Arthur Morrison, Hush
Clarke. Asa B. Maaten, Nathan . K. .
Cross, Clyde A. - , Moran.- Catherine
Daley. Kate 'K. Rastedt. Marie
Fitzpatrick, Bridget Riley. Mary A.
Fredrikson. Charles Rusch,' Mrs. Anna M.'.
Freeman. Marv M. : Ryan. Julia-
-Gawne. John ''¦¦'. Schemmel. Mrs. A. ¦ '
( -Hall. Mary A.:' ¦ Schneider. Frances .
Hazen.' Luella . Sehwer. Charles
Heymann. Edmund Stack, Mary J.
Holbrow, Henry E. Van Noorden. Wm.F. ¦
Klnssbury. Eleanor - Whitford. . Richard
Koenlr. Albert v Williams, Evan
Labarere. Frank J. Wise, Mabel -
' Lamb, Joseph ., ;¦ . '
BARRY— In this city, May 7. 1901. William
Barry, a native of Ireland, aged 67. years. . |
• CTThe funeral will take' place this day
•(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission, streeti
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 2:15 ..o'clock. Interment Mount -Calvary
• CemeterjV' ••. ' ', ', s "
BUSSELL— In this city. May 2, 1901," Arthur,
beloved husband of Margaret J. Bussell. and
father of Caroline. and Gwladys Bussell,-. a
native of England, aged 4« years. ' ',_
CTFrlends and acquaintances are* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, 'from the -Masonic
Temple corner. Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Golden Gat/ Lodge No.
20 F and A.' M.* Interment Cypress, Lawn
Cemetery, by the electric Oar from the. ferry.
"CLARKE— In this city. May 8, 1901, at his
residence, 762 Hayes -street ..Asa B. Clarke,
husband • of Sarah • 9. Clarke, ¦ and father i of
William -E. Clarke,- the -late ; Mrs.- Judge
Bowers and Mrs. • E. ¦ J. Price; a native of
- Vermont, aged .87 years 9 months and 10
& days.- ' ¦-¦'-¦ - : -- . - ¦ - r»
D ALBTY— In" West Berkeley, May 8. 1901, ¦ Kate .
Ellen, beloved wife a of • James P. Daley,
daughter of, Mrs. Eva Brannan. and sister of
Mary F. and Agnes A. Brannan. Brother
Zehonan '. and : the : late . Thomas : and - James
, Brannan, a native of California, aged ,31
years 5 -months and It days.* ' . ' -'-*?~ **\i
C" Friends "and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). •¦¦ at 1 9 o'tlock. from her late resl»
dence, 1434 [ Sixth i street, thence to • St. j Jo-
- seph's Church,* where- a requiem mass will
,,"be celebrated for the repose of her soul; com-
, menclng at 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. .¦' ,¦ ...
FITZPATRICK-In ;.thls city. May 4. 1301/
Bridget Teresa, dearly beloved wife of John
• P. Fitzpatrick. and loving mother of Mrs.:J.
Rose,* Mrs. A.' Courtney. ¦ Mrs. - A: Benner- .
Scheldt and Thomas F., Joseph A. and Ceci-
• lla J; Fitzpatrick, a , native of . Brooklyn, N.
Y., asred'55 years, . . .- . ' i
ICT'Frlenas and acquaintancet • are respect- !
fully Invited (to attend the^funeral :thls day
- (Thursday).' at 8^30, o'clock, from hrr late
residence, 107 -Diamond street, thence to, The. i
4lost Holy Redeemer Church, * wher« . a boI-
#mn requiem high .mass will be celebrated
for the re|)CBe"of her soul, commencing, at 9 ;
j Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.".;-,
FREDRIKSON— In' this city, May .'7," 1901,
• Charles Fredrlkaon, beloved _ father _ of ' Mrs.
; Annie Aston,":, a native of Denmark, •: aged 60 '
"> years; ¦.¦.¦./->--~v!*' v -< ) '¦> ' . "'-¦¦¦' '-- : ¦:' : ;,
. 1 iCTTrlends ' and : acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited •. to attend r the funeral : this - day,
¦:' (Thursday),'iat>ll" o'clock, from the -parlors
J . iof: Julius S. : Godeau.- 305 Montgomery. avenue." ;
RIGGERS'^and Stevedores'- Union -Association:
. —Funeral- notice: '..The detail 'from -Jeremiah
Creedon to- Jphn-Finn,: inclusive, will assem-
¦ ble r at their hall, ,32 O'Farrelli street.-, this J
g| day t (ThurBday), j at 10 . o'clock, ' to , attend | the I
Jv liENRY^J. ;GAliliAGHER;Cp: ;
' \'J (Successor to Flannafan&'Gallaeher.) '
-" DANIEL* P."-: DONOVAN.vMgr. * • :^,
FUNERAL': DIRECTORS AND EMB ALMERS. I
; - ."-Zd Fifth st.,-; opposite Lincoln School. ,- • . '
-. ;, '¦.-:', , ¦.,-,'• .Teiefihone;South' SO; '¦>.-'.. ¦;./.¦.;*'.•'
ITiuuene^lcGinn. ,.-. '-''..' t-. IvictTlNN BROS. \
• Funeral Directors 'and 'Embalmers, v ,
, , ¦ ¦..-, ..31! EDDY STREET.: :.'¦ '.'.'.-, .'. \. • '¦
Telephone. South;252.\> ' • ..: San. Francisco.^: J
~,: No Connection .WIth*"Any. Other House. ;. -
%¦ 'fi OCEAN % TRAVEL'
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. •»! ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
tjfc. . wharf, San Francisco:
" mfchtl- For Alaskan ports— 11 a. ni.,
K2^^. May 1. 6. 11. 16. 21, IS. 31,
' f^Plv2©S*k June 6. Change to company'*
LaTfeS&liStH steamers at Seattle.
i BsVicSI «1 l r ° r Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I JSttSsXTiSS'Sai c -)' Port Townsend, Seattle.
: /^**®I?iai^H\ Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes
i *• - ¦ :,7*3HreiH and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
' a. m.; May 1. 6. 1L 1«, SI.
26. . SI. June 5 and every 9f th day thtreaf ter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and- G. N.-Rv.;. at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
S For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.. May
S.- 8, '13.: IS. .23.*' 29, June 2, and every fifth day
thereafter,. .-'•*, ' ¦ - : _ .
; For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
1 bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
: peles)— Steamer ¦ Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. > m. :
steamer . Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a.m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hoeneme. San Pedro.
Eaet San Pedro <Lo» ; Angeles) and .Newport—
Steamer Corona; Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
\nlta: ¦ Tuesday?. 9 a. m. ;
For Ensenada, Mugdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata. Las Pax. Santa Kosa-
lla and: Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m..' 7th each
month. ¦.-—•:-_- - : - - ' ''
- For further Information obtain company!
folders.- ..• .''c-.-.» - . " .'¦*•' ¦-'- :
- The company reserves th« right , to ' change
cteamers. falling dates;- and hours, of sailing
without ¦ r>^vlous notice.
• TICKKT.OFPICB —4' New Montgomery
street - (Palace Hotel). -• -¦ *"
goodall. Perkins & co.. Gen. Aet*.. •....
:•;< ,10 Market, st.,; San Francisco.
O. R. & fetO,
Onlyi'Steamshio Line to
PORTLAND, Op.V
And Short Roil Line from Portland to »»H
points Eaet. Throtifth Jt'cket* to al!
points,' all ral" «r ! «tenmn*«"o nnd rail, at
¦ .—— LOWKST. RATES !^-
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals. •
SP. COLUMBIA. ..'..Pail* May. 13. ». June 2. 12
SS QEO. W." F.LDER.Soils May S. 18. IS. June 7
V. XV. HITCHCOCK. General Agent. "
; '1 Montgomery st...S. F.
Ai>Aili«fO CitiPA HAWAII, MBOA, HEW"
SS.SIEARA (via: Honolulu) for Samoa.
New Zealand and Australia... ..... .. •
'¦- ; :. ". ..Thursday. ; May " D. - 10 a. m.
SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only).;...
¦ *"...'.;. .•..'..".:".."."..'.'. Saturday. May. IS, 10 a.m."
S3. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti. .:.... .'.V.....*r..X.^
¦ .'..% r .i.,.V...«.\*..Sundny, June SO, at'4 p. m.
1. D.SPHECKEIS k BROS. CO., general Anenls, 327 Market St
een'l Pa-aengar Otfiae. 643,Hirbt St., fat la. 7/ Pacific St
PAG I F i 0 STE AM N A VI G ATi 0 N CO,
->nd CIA SUD AVERIC-'NA E VAPO^Kr
To •'•.Valpa'ralsb.'i'ttoppins • at ' Mexican. '• Central
and South , American <pcUs. Sailing -Fremont-
strcet' Wharf, 12 m.. -V ¦
GUATEMALA..:May 1.1LOA .......w....;June II ,
PALENA :;..:'.. May 30ITUCAPEL :..... Jur*> 27 i
,¦¦ Thef e »team«rs Are T»jit.t expressly for Central
and * South e American ..j'Ofcsenser service. -
chai'.gre^ftt*Acapulco or,- Panama.) .Freight' and
.patlt'engtT: office} 31(5 California street.- i ?'}-X'
- BALFOUR. GUTHRIE &.CO- Gen. Agents. ; .
PANAMA M, "^ [
-Mm- YORK ; VIA v PANAMA DIRECT.
".-."/•; ." Cabin. , *1O5 : Steerasr. v * *O. - .'
S.'S." Arftyl!^' . »*»"'* .Saturday; May-; II
S.S. Letlanow]' sails 'Monday J.--: Juno "3
Si*S. Argyll V-, sails Monday,*-"; June 24 ;
>: ¦¦'iFrom : Fi : emont-8treetj'Wharf at Zip. m.. -
i Freight and . passenger, office. 330 . Market st. - ' j
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific. Coast Agent.- '
OCEAN TBAVEL.
NOME,
Teller, Behring,
#(jolofnin, etc,
S.S; VALENCIA,
CHARLES GRAHAM. Master.
Will Leave SAM FRANCISCO.
MAY 25, 1901^
"^x- Aaa Se*tti«
/MAY 30, 1901.
For passage and freight apply to
"pacific; steam whaling co..
30 CALIFORNIA STREET. SAX FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle.
fiolofnin Bay,
Nome City and
Teller Xity.
Steamship Ruth
(W. S. HIGGIX3. Master.)
Leaves San Francisco on or
about May 20th, via Seattle,
Leaving that Port May 26th.
For passage or freight rates call or address
. . -H. H. BfUFFIN. Agent.
633 Market Strret. «jpp. Palace Hotel. :
SAN FRANCISCO.
v .
.Pacific-Coast.Steamship Co.
!» NOME
GOLDFIELDS.
THE STEAilSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
'•:.-¦'. "Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Ccnnecting at Seattle wKb th» Company"* N»w
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
' The Senator mad* five trips to Norce la-K
year, belnr one of the first to arriv« th«n».
landing all her passengers and freight without
. loss, miahau or material delay.
For passenser rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street.
. GOODALL. PERKINS 4: CO.. Gen. Afcta..
10 Market street.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
— -FOR
NOME, ST, MICHAEL
•: And /HPoints on Yckia Biysr.
Salllngr Dates Subject to Changs.
From San Francisco. " From SeaUle.
May 23 S. S. "PORTLAND- .........
June 1 S. S. "ST. PAUL." Jun« t
May 25.. *S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 19
•••CONEMAUGH" carries freight and llv«
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to - '
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
310 Sar.some St., San Francisco.
IPassenser and Freteht Str. 3
, . "JOHNS. KIM BALL," K
TELLER. G0L0FNIN BAY.POSTCLARENCS B
SAILS MAY »th. G
CONKLIN & CO.. 687 Market St. g
N. A. T- <& Xi CO-
HOME,
TELLER. ST. MICHAEL and all YUKON
RIVER POINTS.
, . From San Francisco.
53. ROANOKE Sails May 15
S3. SANTA ANA i ; Sall»
For tickets or freight spac* write or apply
UNION TICKET OFFICE.
•:.,-.^.-. «30 Market St.. . B. F.
-AMERICAN LINE.
SSW YOHK. SCnTHAMPTOS. tONDOS. PiaTS.
; Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .
i From New York Every W«dne«<lay. 10 a. m. .
! St. Louis... ...... May 15 1 St. Paul.... .....June »¦
St. raul ..Mayr»|St. LonJs JuneH
St. Louis June a: St. Paul July 10
RED STAR LINE.
New York and; Antwerp.
From New Yqrk Every Wednesday, \Z noon.
Southwark ......May 13jZeeland ....Jure 8-
Penniand May 22i Friesland .......June 13
Kensington .....May 2Jl Southwark . June 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
; CHAS. D. TATLOP..
General Agent Pacific Coast. S3 Montgomery «t.
TOYO KISEN MISHA:
.' ' "• :\ y ' ' ¦.-¦.¦. - '.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, -at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
; connecting at Hangkons with steamtrs for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of salllngr. ¦ . . ¦
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, «May 29. 1911
SS. HONGKONG M ARU.Saturday. June 22. lMt
SS. NIPPON MABU..Wedne»daj. July 17, 1901
Round-trip tickets at .reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner i First. , -
. ¦ ¦ .- W.: H. A VERY, General Aseni.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
. Twln-5crcw Express Service
PLTMOUTH-CHERBOt'RG-HAMBURO
DEUTSCHLAND - ... ..«*Y 16. 2 P. M.
A. Victoria. ..'..'.May K1F\ 'Elsin»rck....Juhe «
Columbia .."...'...May 3»|Deutgchland Jun« 13
Twin-Screw. Passenq?r,Servic^.
I*LYMOUTH-CHERBOURa-HAM!JURG.
Pennsylvania ...May 1S| •Phoenicia '.......June 1
. Preturla ........ .May 231 Patricia ....'. Junes
-. .'Sails to .Hamburg direct.
rJambura-Amerlcao Line., 37 B'way. M. Y.
HERZOO & CO.; Gsneral Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California street.
¦¦•:-"-".'-- .-. •¦¦ ¦--. -, :• - — r —
COHPAONIS SENSSALS .TSAKSATLAaTIQCS
DIRECT, LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. V-^-^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of t^ifCT^
Saturday, at" W a; m.. from Pier 4:, M "**
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. ¦; JK and upward. Second elate lo
Havre-. «5 and upward. GEN'OAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED -STATES and CANAPA. «
Broadway (Hudson building). New York: J. K.
FUGAZI & CO.,* Pacific Coast Agents, i Mont-
romery avenue. San Francisca" Ticket* »old by
all Hailrcad Ticket Ajrents. "; C&BStSBtMBS&Qfl
BAY AND BIVEB 5TEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAF.D ASO VALLEJO.
'Stearner " Montlcello." -
M0N. : . !fUES., WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
*t 9:43 a. m.. 1:15. S:30 p. m. '(except. Tnuw-
da*- night): Fridays. 1 p. m:;and S:30: Sundays. .
10:30 a. m..'8-p. m. >Lnndlns ; and of flea. . Min-
¦lon-st Dock. Pier No. 3. Telepnon« Mala UU.
funeral of >oiir late" brother, ' Charles Fred-
rikson: ¦' By. order f , : •
¦' 'ALEX CAMPBELL, President. •
F.: E..- DURHAM, CRee. Sec. n ' -
FREEMAN— In ¦> this • city". May '. 8, . 190ir Mary
-.'¦M.-. Freeman/' beloved- mother •¦ of Charles H.
£ Freeman, f and i lister of . Mrs/ Beebe, a ' native
: of Iowa,' aged '56 years 9 months and 14 days.-
GAWNE— In \, Alameda.'. May -¦ 5, < 1901, /John
• Gnwne.-late resident of > San Leandro, a : rla-
.tive_of ;En«:land, • aged, 70 years. _." • '¦¦ •
-.; ".: ETFuneral -.private', this . day (Thursday).
.atlO:30 o'clock, from, the residence, of G, F.
i Klncald,' 2166 Clinton avenue,' ; Alameda. . .
CROBS-^In. this\ city, -May 8. 1901,' Clyde * a;
• .' Cross, r beloved ' son of C. XV. : and ¦ Helen A.
Cross.- a native of- California, 'aged 25 years
months -and -, 7 4 days. • '.•¦¦¦ ' ¦:¦
v i' C7The.' funeral services will' :.be held
to-morrow (Friday), at 1 .."at the
Cypress Lawn . Cem«tery Chapel. ;• .-
HALL— In ; Alameda, May .7, ¦'.; 1901, Mary An-
thony,- wife of Gilbert C. Hall, and daughter
of Lydia-and the' late John r A. Anthony,: a
1 native of . New York, aged 47 years. , f
¦•¦• E7"Funeral this day- (Thursday), atr 2
.o'clock, -from' residence, : 1636 Central avenue.
- Interment private. ' t . ' .. : i ¦'
HAZEN— In" ; this -• city. May 8. -.1901, - Luella,
- youngest daughter of > Priscilla ¦ and ¦ the late
J Dr. C- C; - Hazen, and sister ' of . Mrs. C. C.
Swatzel of Oakdale and Mrs. J. A. Herrera,
. a native ¦ of; Colusa. -.
HEYMANN— In this city. May". 7, . 1901, Ed-
mund . Heymann, beloved father of Freda.
- Tillie,: Carl and Edmund Heymann, a, native
¦ of Zinna, -Prussia,- aged 65 years 10-. months
'and 11. days* - A ".member of Eureka Lodge
No. "15, A: O. U. W.i.'ot St. Helena, Cal. *'
-' (CTFrienda and . acquaintances are respect-
., fully,. Invited to- attend the funeral this day
•' (Thursday),, at 1' o'clock.- ¦ from the funeral
¦parlors of.Theodor Dlerks, 857 Mission street,
'- between Fifth and Sixth. .Interment private.
HOLBROW— In New York. May 1. 1901. Henry
'. E. Holbrow, dearly beloved husband of Cecil
Holbrow, a native of England, aged 62. years.
. ' - E?"Friends | and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral | to-morrow
¦(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral'par-
- lors of - Theodor ' Dierks. 957, Mission street. :
•' Interment ' Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . - '
KINGSBURi"— In . this : city, - ; May *. 7. 1901.
Eleanor ' Kingsbury, -beloved .o daughter of
. Elizabeth '.: Kingsbury,- a native of San Fran-
cisco, -aged 26 years 10 months and 20 days. ¦
¦' C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
- fully. Invited to attend the funeral this -day
\:, (Thursday),*, at 2:30 ¦ o'clock, from . the reai-
• dence . of her mother, 14 Elgin Park, thence
to. Central Methodist Church,. Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh: _ Interment Ma-;
¦ sonic (Cemetery.. ¦ : > ,%' »;.
KOENIG— In. Marshfjeld. Or.. May 2. 1901, 'A 1-
.' bert, - beloved ¦ husband of Mary Koenig. and
. .' father ! of Willie ¦ and Albert Koenig, a na-
tive of Germany/ ag.ed 34 years 9 months and
. 4 days. . ¦-..; ¦¦-¦¦-..-'- : '¦'¦'¦ -¦.'.' ' ¦'-
IC?"Frlends -and acquaintances are respect-
•¦¦ fully invited, to. attend -the funeral this day
'(Thursday), - at 1:30 o'clock, from .his late
residence, . 102S Sanchez street,- thence to St.
, -James Church for services at 2 o'clock. In-.
! ¦¦. ternient Holy Cross Cemetery..
HALL' of Golden Gate Lodge No. S. A. O. U.
¦ XV:,- Protection, Hall. Shiels building, 32
O'Farrell' street— Officers and'members:. You
are hereby notlfledto assemble In your lodge-
room this day (Thursday), "at 12:30 o'clock
. sharp, to attend -.-the funeral: of ;our late
brt>ther, Al Koenig. . Fines for non-attend;
ance.- By : order of/ • '
,--i wm. h. Mclaughlin, m. w. ...
• . SAMUEL J. LEVY, Recorder, i . -'.¦
LABARERE— In this city, May~8, .1901, FVank
J. : I^abarere, a native of San Francisco, aged
- 16 years 5 months and 22- days.
LAMB-pIn V Frultvale, ¦'•'- May - 7. :.19M. 'Joseph'
Lamb, brother * of i Edward, -William -and
Charles Lamb, Mrs. "T!liarles- Williams, Mrs.
William Leahey and" Mrs. • E.' J. Koenig, > a
nativ^of East Oakland, aged 30 years and'],
month, : . .. . v. - - • «..- .- •'¦ ' •
- CT Friends and • acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited Ho attend ; the > funeral . this day
<Thur3dayJ, from 1351 Twenty-sixth • avenue.
Frultvale, - thence to St. Anthony's Church, j
East Oakland, where a requiem mass wili be
celebrated for the- repose of. his soul, com-
mencing at 0:30 o'clock. v • ' .
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, May 8, 1901, An-
drew P. ' McLaughlin. : beloved father of D.
" '¦ "W. ' McLaughlln, « Mrs. I. C. Schmltz. Mrs.
M. J. Meehan, Mrs. A. L. Silling of San
¦ Francisco, Mr 8. J. E. Jofinaton of - Oakland,
Mrs." John Purcell and Katie McLaughlln of
Ireland and the late Mrs* .H. . W. Clinch,
Mrs. F. Lanber and. John F. McLaughlln, a
v native of Aries. Queens County, Ireland, aged
• 73 .years: and 3 months.
E7"Notice of funeral 'hereafter.
MASTEN— In this city. May 6, 1901. . Nathan
, Keese Masten, beloved father of Edmund C,
Joseph M., Louis C. arid- Alice H. Masten,
Mrs. F. I. Kendall, Mrs. P.' M. Wessel. Mrs.
' F. P. Wilson. Mrs. P. J. Dunne. Mrs. P.
• K. Gordon, Mrs. W: F. Perkins and Mrs. E.
;C. Ewell.a native of ' Troy, N. Y.. aged SO
years. ' ..-••. '•"¦•-. -
. |£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
.fu'.ly Invited to attend the funeral this day
- (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock,' from the family
residence, -t'2lS Clay street. Interment pri--
': vate. . .- ' - ' : ; .. '. ' • - , ' ¦
MORAK— In this city. May 7, 1901, Catherine.'
dearly beloved mother of . E. " J. . Moran and
: the late Mollle Moran, a native of County
Tyrone,' Ireland,', aged 73 years.
; ' [CTFriends of the r- family;- are respect-
' fully Invited ! to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock,' from her late
residence, 2823 • California street, thence- to
--•St. Dominic's- Church; where a solemn re-
quicm liigh m:*s will be : celebrated for the
repose of her tful, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mouht Calvary, Cemetery.
MORRISON— In this city. May 8. 1901,' Hugh,
beloved husband of Clara T. Morrison, late
of Makawell, -Kauai, Hawaiian Islands, a
; native of Scotland, . aged 56 years and 8
¦months. . "•
0"Notlce of -funeral hereafter.
RAST*EDT— In I this city, May 8, 1901, Marie
Ra«tedt, beloved wife of Gustav Rastedt.
anil beloved mother of Henry Heydenaber. a
native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 55 years 1
' month and 14 days. . : .
ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H F Suhr &.'Co.; 1137 -Mission street, be-
tween" Seventh and Eighth, i Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
RILEY— In this cliff. May 8, 1901. . Mary <'A.,
beloved wife of Htenry "N. Riley, a native of
San Francisco,' aged 26 years' 10 months and
18 days. --¦ - : - -. '.
RUSCH— In Novato, May 7, 1901. Mrs. Anna M.'
C Husch, widow of the late Peter Rusch, and
beloved aunt of Johannes and William Braun.
a native of Kapteln-by-Schleswig, .aged 78
. years' 1 month and 8'days. ¦
C7-Funeral will be held Saturday, : May 11.
'. at 11 o'clock, from her late residence at No-
'. vato.' .-, ¦.-¦ t ' ' ; ' -¦ \ -
RYAN— In this city. May 7,-1901, Julia Ryan,
-a native of Ireland, aged 73 years. -•
SCHEMMEL— In Alameda. May 6, 1901." Mrs.
Augustine Schemmel. beloved wife of Edourd
Schemmel/' a native of Paris. "France, aged
' C6 years 5 rnonths and 8. days.' ¦••
¦'•- (C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited to^attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday),' at *10 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church, Alameda; ¦¦ Take '9:15 o'clock narrow-
gaugy from San Francisco to Chestnut-street
station. Please-: omit flowers. Interment
¦! Mountain View . Cemetery. ." ,
SCHNEIDER— In this cltyt May 7, 1901; Fran-
,ces;E. R. Schneider,, beloved wife of ,W. B.
Schneider, a native of Australia, aged 2o
: years.ll months and 10 days. I
SEHWER— In thli city,* May 7, 1901. Charles
.Sehwer, a native of -Austria,; aged 41. years
• 3 months and -4 days. ; ¦ . , -.
STACK— In this city, May 7,' 1901. Mary J.; be-
loved wife Of the late John Stack, devoted
' mother of John, • Maud, Thomas, Henry and
Jennie .' Stack, : dearly . beloved daughter of
John and the late Mary Collins, and sister of
'Mrs. L. -Prlscoll," Mrs.-. L." Scannell and Ed-
ward, Henry and the late Gus Collins, a na-
¦ tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years 7 months
¦ and: 17 days..* ; - . . - ; ;.''„¦ ¦:¦•¦•' ¦.
•^ (CfFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral .this day
.'" (Thursday). • at 2 o'clock/ from ¦ the residence
¦ Of her sister, Mrs. -L. Scannell. 256^4 Tehama
street, thence to St.~ Patrick's Church for
•services. Interment Mount Calvary -, Ceme-
tery/ , ,'. r -' v '.. ;-. •'•- ' .',' ,„¦;;-.- '";• v --'-^;
VAN- NOORDEN— In this '; city. r May 7. 1901.
¦ W^llllam F. -Van - Noorden,- beloved husband
'of-Goldlne VanNoorden, father of Theodore,
- Ike and Harry Van Noorden, and brother of
Theodore Van. Noorden. a native of Holland.
\ aged 66 years. ;¦ A ,: member , of , Verein • Ein-
1'tracht; - . i ,< ¦;'- :¦¦•¦-¦ ,"'• V:.. 1 " - ¦
-' - C?" Friends and acquaintances -are- respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this . day
' (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, : from. his- late resi-
dence,' 1 1359 Folsom street, .near Tenth.- and
- thence, by 11:30 o'clock- train to New Salem
• Cemetery for.^ Interment. • , . "-' ; .-;..'
WHITFORD— In this' city. May 8, 1901,' Rlch-
; : arcl* Whitford, • a native of Ireland, aged . 70
\[- years. • y .•-¦. ¦;¦¦ ';',."¦•¦ , r ".-'¦' '¦-.:. --; ¦
WILLIAMS— In thig city, A May .7. 1901. Evan
"••William*. .beloved husband of Dora William's,
"and 'father of Enid : and -'Evan Williams Jr..
¦ a native of Pennsylvania." aged .'57 years ." 2
months and 24 days/ (Nevada papers ; please
•vcopy.)' - " '¦ "¦ ! ''-'-- "¦¦ ¦ - '
ICT Notice . of . funeral hereafter. ..
WISE— In^SanV Rafael, f May i7, 1901.- Mabel,,
'"'wifeiof .Harry. E-AViae.' and daughter of D.
: - H. Whittemore, aged S4 ; years. . . , .
ST; DOMINIC'S Church Building 'Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased - members of St.-, Dominic's .Church
Building -Association.'' and -rfor^. the
'¦ and relatives of livlngmembers.'.will be sung
- in 'St. a Dominic's Church, - this day (Thurs-_
-. day) ,' •' at ' 9 ; o' clock .'*£?$¦ '?* sj^??>4>S&iB»6S(8SK6"Good t wallp'aper;can be 'bought' cheap at
G. f W. Clark '&-CO/S.- 653; Market street^.;*
, United' States ¦ District : Judgej de ' Haven
Issued ; a .writ of ; habeas ' corpus .yestentay
for; the production tin his Tcourt '<¦ to-day *of
the body,of-P/ N. Tulloch.'a- soldier at. the
Presidio. ' It ls alleged in > the application
for. the writ'.that,Tullochiis only; 16 years
old i and : < thatf he enlisted^, in .' the * army
without, the consent, of his, parents. "
Habeas Corpus .Writ for a Soldier.
j In 'order thatTthe work which the Fed
eral f authorities are , prosecuting ; for: the
release- and: deportation of ..the Chinese
slave I girls may ¦" not . be • interrupted, { Dr.
John E, Gardner, United States interpre
ter of the Chinese Bureau, held a*consul
tation with '¦ the members of the Six iCom
panies '; last ; night' and -imparted* to -fcbem
some very. timely. advice/ // •>''*» ?•
In! many instances slaves and respecta
ble ¦ women who are the wives of .promi- |
nent . Chinese are found ¦ residing together
in. the ; same house, and the authorities |
are often at a loss to distinguish the one j
from,the other: UThe Chinese were. warned
that . the . authorities s. intended '. to pursuo
their j work • to - the : end . and* that no . iriter
ference; would be f tolerated..; They • were
told f that \ the . two [ classes • of > women" must
be'i kept separate, • and ,: that '• every ,. house
in, which slav/i, were reported: to be har
bored would; be raided, "no matter, whether
it belonged»to a 1 respectable 'Chinaman or
a ! 'white- man.!: '.The six Companies,: after
hearing the advice, promised to keep, their
wives f and ; ' daughters separate : from the
slaves. ... "'.;.,..¦: •'¦•/.' : ,. •:."• ''¦ ; "',' '; , .". '¦'¦
ER,; GARDNER ADVISES '
\ t THE SIX COMPANIES
Chinese Must Not Allow Slave Girls
. to Remain, in Respectable
Houses: , : "V
this spring r proved such a great success
that.it is very probable that they •will be
renewed in the fall. At all events they
will be repeated early next spring.
> Passenger Traffic ManajrerE. O. Mc-
Cormick in . sneaking of the matter yes
terday said that the emigration business
this spring exceeded his most
expectations. ' ¦ . - '-z- • ' ¦
The last excursion trains arrived in this
city May 5, and on thesejrains alone 304S
strangers were brought to this city. The
special i excursion rates .prevailed during
the months of February, March and April
and closed /May 5J- During that period 20,
434. excursion and second class tickets
were sold- to passengers coming to Cali
fornia.' In 1900 only 8005 second class tick
ets were sold, showing anlncrease this
year of 16,445. •.•:¦¦'.¦>.-.•. '.-, ¦'¦
-These are .the figures of^the- Southern
Pacific Company alone. The Santa, Fe
Railway also carried a large number of
emigrants, but as yet the company has
giot announced the figures. . ¦¦ . ¦ .
Southern Pacific Hauled 20,000 Set
tlers to California During 1 - ;
.¦'•::; the Spring.
The special emigration excursions of the
Southern Pacific and 'Santa Fe railroads
CUT-RATE EXCURSIONS
?' :''¦- PROVE GREAT SUCCESS
Primary Classes of James Lick Grammar School Forced to Remain for Hours
in Structure in Which Sufferer From Contagious Disease Is Confined.
school were stricken with scarlet fever a
quarantine of thirty days would be placed
on his or her' home and the danger of in
fection would thus be restricted to one
family. In this case the rule has been
disregarded and as a result fully 150 chil
dren are exposed.
the principal of the James ."Lick Gram
mar School, who had charge of the two
classes which assembled • in the upper
portion of the building daily. Despite the
knowledge that a contagious disease ex
isted in the' building the classes were
assembled, thereby exposing 150 children
to the danger of infection. *'. / :
It Is claimed- that there is. no -danger
of the disease spreading, "owing, to the
fact that the patient has been confined
to one room and that the entrance to the
rooms occupied by the children attending
the school has no connection with the en
trance to the lower part of the . house.
The fact remains, however, that the
children are exposed to the danger of in
fection.
If a pupil attending this "make-shift"
Despite the fact that a case of scarlet
fever is In existence among the occupants
of the lower floor of the building on the
corner of , Twenty-sixth and Castro
streets, school children are being assem
bled daily in the upper portion of it.
A report of the matter has been made
to the Health Officer and the case is be
ing investigated, but the school children
are still being exposed to the danger, of
contagion.
Nicholaus Tweitman, grocer, occupy
ing the lower flat of the building on the
corner of Twenty-sixth and Castro
street, was stricken with the fever sev
eral days ago, and Dr. James Seymour
was summoned. The physician notified
clerk, division of forestry. $900 per annum;
computer, division of forestry, $1000 per
annum; field assistant, $1000 per annum;
assistant in seed laboratory, division of
botany. $1200 per annum; plant patholo
gist, office of plant industry. $1800. Per
sons who desire to compete should apply
at once to the United States Civil: Service
Commission. Washington, D. C, for ap
plication forms.
Delightf ul Ocean Trips.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen, sailing
every Sunday and Wednesday for . San
Diego, stopping only at Santa -Barbara and
Los Angeles ports. Improved service; low
rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel. : . ''
FRACTURED SKULL IS
KEStTLT OF A FALL
Spree Indulged In by Patrick Mogan,
Hod-Carrier, Has Fatal Ter
mination.
Coroner Leland held an inauest vester
day into the cause of death of Patrick
Mogan. the hod-carrier who was found
on the night of May 3 lying in an uncon
scious condition on the corner of Guerrero
and Twenty-seventh streets with a frac
tured skull.
The evidence showed that; Moean !iad
been away from home since the morning
of May 2 and that he had been drinkins
to excess. At the time he fell and injured
himself, he was evidently on his way to
a saloon that he was in the habit of visit
ing. Policeman Robl had the unfortunate
man sent to the City and County Hospi
tal, where he died the next day from the
effects of the fractured skull. The jury
rendered a verdict accordingly.
Mogan leaves a wife and two children at
1S3 Randall street
Headquarters for trunks and valises A.
B. Smith Co.. 128 Ellis street. •
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces that on June 3. 1901. in all
cities having free postal delivery examina
tions will be held for the following posi
tions: Ethnologist. Bureau of American
Ethnology, Smithsonian Institution, salary
J1500 per annual; plant physiologist, office
of plant industry. Department of Agricul
ture, $1800 per annum; horticulturist, 52000
per annum; instrument and property
Civil Service Examinations
Chinese Testimony Is Offered.
William Denman and Gavin McNab, at
torneys for Sarah Guyon in her suit for
damages against the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Companyior the' loss of her husband
In the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro, have
subpenaed twelve Chinese members of the
crew to testify before United States Com
missioner Morse. Commissioner Morse is
engaged In taking testimony to ascertain
the value of the Rio de Janeiro in the
matter of the petition of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company to limit its liability
In the suit mentioned. ¦•.-..
MANY CHILDREN ARE ASSEMBLED
IN A FEVER-INFECTED BUILDING
ARTHUR WILHOIT and Joseph B.
Tucker, well-known men around
town .. and both j employed by
Shreve & Co., had a bloody battle
on Monday j night which was
pulled off according to the rules and reg
ulations controlling fistic encounters in
the ring. As a result both men were yes
terday confined to their beds, where they
nursed their bruises and recuperated
their strength. The young men employed
In the jewelry business of the city were
all interested yesterday over the affair.
An attempt was made to hush the story
up and the spectators of the fisht were
pledged to secrecy.
Such matters become common property,
though. Arthur Wilhoit was found In bed
and frankly and in a manly fashion ad
mitted that he had met Tucker in a glove
encounter and that they had fought sev
eral rounds till both had enough, in fact.
"I am sorry that the matter is roing to
. about business and the controversy was
I taken before the management at Shreve's.
, ' Wilhoit and Tucker are both vourig and
, hot tempered and befcre they had finished
' their talk the lie was yassed and resent
' ed: At the hour of closing Monday night
' there was a slight manifestation of what
i was to come. One made a pass at the
- other on the' sidewalks in front of 'the
- store where they are employed. ¦ Tucker,
i so the story goes, suggested that that was
. no" place for men in their : position to ad
1 jjust their disagreements and proposed
> that they should find some place where "
. they would be shielded from the public .
¦ gaze. To this Wilhoit agreed and they •
, bent their steps toward the Ariel Boat
Clubhouse." V .
S, Some other of the employes of Shrevo &
. Co. were Invited- to go along to see fair
[ play and to the number of a baker's dozen
.' or more they followed on. The event was •
• pulled off in the house of the Arlels ac
¦ cording to agreement. When the rnen'were
' ready it was . seen that there was not '
. much advantage in size or wright on
» either side. A referee and seconds were
the victor.* -There is, accordingly,' much
curiosity as to which of the- two will be
first- to get down to the store, and bets
are. being laid. .
The bakers connected with restaurants
which sell bread and have been declared
unfair walked out, but the general public
tvas not apparently affected thereby. The
cooks in several restaurants gave notice
;nd were told that their places would be
prcmtply supplied. Otherwise the strike
progressed harmoniously.
A large number cf carriage workers left.
the shops in which ..hey were employed,
'i he walkout was in accordance with the
8ction previously taken. The following
statement has been issued by the execu
tive committee of the Wagon and Car
riage Makers' Association:
The published statement in the Examiner of
May S purporting to give the facts in the con
troversy existing b*tw*en the Wag-on and Car
riage Makers' Association of San Francisco
and the labor unions represented in their
thops. does not give the facts as they exist, j
The members of this association have not
»>bj2cted from the besinniug to the demands
for nine hours' work, nor to the scale of
wages proposed. The only objection made by
the association is to the clause that provides
that none but members of the union in good
standing shall be employed In any of the car-,
ria'jje and wagon shops of this city. »
The association wishes to be plainly under
stood that it does not regard the demands
made by the labor unions as unreasonable so
far as hours and wages are concerned. There
is no feeling of antagonism or differences of
any kind existine between employe and em
ployer. The only objection is to the signing
of the clause requiring: thfe ajssotSation to em
ploy none but union labor and to dispense with
the services of any employes that may not be
members of the three unions Interested in the
present strike.
H. E. HOLMES,
W. B. LAP.K1N.
HEXRT B. SCHIXDLER.
WILLIAM VvERTCH,
L. F. WEAVER,
H. M. BLACK.
Executive Committee Wagon and Carriage
Makers' Association. ... - : '
Many of the workmen expressed regret
at leaving their positions.
From the Cooks' and Waitesr' Alliance
the situation ls summarized as follows:
The Labor Council continues on the defen
sive. It etill seeks a conference with the em
ployers. This afternoon the secretary of the
Council was told by the Mayor that in con
ference with employers to whom he broached
the matter, tie was told they were not op
posed to a conference, but that the matter
rests in the hands of the Employers* Associa
tion and that its committee will act. The
answer will be given to-morow."
Information comes to the Labor Council
through different channels that the employing
bakers are refusing bread to union restaurants.
If this be the policy of the employers they
evidently do that with the deliberate purpose
of shutting oil the bread supply of the city.
It can hardly be expected that union bakers
will continue to bake for non-union restau
rants if they are not permitted to bake for
union restaurants. The Labor Council ls ex
hausting every effort to avert such a. calamity.
realizing fuUy whai. it would mean, for a city
like San Francisco where such a vast mass of
the people eat In restaurants and hotels to be
deprived of Its bread supply. »' . .
Issued by order of the executive committee
of the San Francisco Labor Council.
VT. H. GOFF. Chairman.
ED ROSENBERG. Secretary.
Both headquarters of the restaurant
proprietors and the Cooks' and Wtiters*
Alliance were closed early, the unusual
strain bcir.g too much for physical
strength. Some members of various
unions went out to do picket duty and re
lieve the tired waiters. Neither side was
l>repared to make a statement, although
The leaders of both expressed confidence
us to the outcome.
Strike conditions remain unchanged. It
•was expected that Mayor Phelan would
hr.ve representatives of those interested
on both sides of the controversy meet at
his office yesterday afternoon. Responses
to his invitations were not received in
sufficient time to permit the calling to
gether of the requisite number of repre
sentative people, so the matter remains in
abeyance. Just when the conference will
be held is a question that will be decided
by later conditions.
SATISFY WOUNDED HONOR IN RING
AND ARE SENT HOME IN CARRIAGES
Arthur Wilhoit arid Joseph B* Tucker, Employed at Shreye^t Fight
Four Fierce Rounds to Settle D^
be in, the papers," Wilholt said, '"but since
it cannot be avoided I am surely not go
ing to dodge behind a lie to screen myself.
Men will be 1 foolish sometimes' and s l will
say that I am sorry that we fought and I
suppose Mr. .Tucker feels. the same, way. V
Wilhoit would not say anything about
the causes. which led to their meeting. At
the » home of Mr. . Tucker at 1007 . Hayes
slreet-a lady who came to the door denied
that there was anything the matter with
him excepting a weak heart. He refused
to be seen or to say anything about the
fistic encounter. , ¦' '• .< .'.
The trouble grew ... out of a - dispute
appointed and the other men 7^*??°™
panied the principals settled down to, tee
the- battle, which was- of 'the.' whirlwind
order. I Both men showed some . science
and - both- were in deadly earnest. .¦•*<«£
rounds were enough and the referee called
time then and I the affair was ended. .The
men were bundled into carrla&es, • both be
ing used up, and were sent to their homes.
Tucker to. Hayes street and Wllhoit to
the Hotel Pleasanton. .. - - :
• The referee, who was a prominent em-,
ploye of Shreve's, decided that, the com
batant who was first able t6 show up at
work after the battle, should be declared
Responses to the Mayor'g
Invitation Are De- ' • ¦¦¦
Strike Situation Remains in
an Unchanged Con
dition.
CONFERENCE DOES
NOT MATERIALIZE
; If»one-half of the ( demands mad© by the
representatives; of 'the various - improTe
.rrient clubs are provided for by tha Board
of Supervisors In the. next "tax. budget, -a
levy .: that will shatter,' the dollar-limit
phantasy to | atoms 'will .- be j the ¦ result.
Every; section ,bf . the 'city is | crying for
more money _•: for -improvements and less
money for salaries. . ' .
All through the, discussions held yester
day/afternoon' before ; the Finance Com
mittee of the. Board of Supervisors , the
assertion was : made that instead "of the
Board , of Public Works x furnishing | sur
cease of sorrow to the taxpayers. the con
trary^ had been ' the \ case j and . that \ there
.was no probability of relief from existing
conditions. ' Supervisor Jennings presided
and j , Supervisor ,%Tobin //made copious
memoranda*, : with • a tired . expression on
his face, as the demands began to. reach
the million dollar, mark, with a possibility
of passing far beyond. . . \.
Orators - : representing I the ¦ .various dis
trict'"; improvement clubs were present.'
Reiterated demands, from every section of
the v city were made and some \ will likely
be acted upon. Just what these particular
ones may be will be decided later.' - 'Su
pervisor'Tobin appeared as the.defenaer
of the Board of Public Works and char
acterized' statements made .in' the. press,
based on the. board's reports to the Audi
tor, as. false. •'- -. -. • '. , - ¦ ¦¦> • "•¦¦¦
¦ Mrs. , Emma Sutro-Merritt ¦ was ' ; first
called. . She referred to the non-compli
ance of the city .: with the , conditions im
posed by Adolph'.Sutro in his deed to the
city ot^ certain' portions, of -the property
embraced within - the Dewey boulevard.
She , suggested that about $33,000 would be
required to, put -the -boulevard in order
from. N street to the AlmsHouse; also that
if this were not done the conditions of the
deed of trust would be invoked.
- Criticizes Board of Works, r
¦' Sunset District, through Kdward Ewald,
asked ¦< for an appropriation of. $48,000 to
build an outlet sewer. - This matter has
been agitated for years. :.
George S. Roundey of the Federation of
Mission Improvement- Clubs reiterated his
grievances against the Board; of Public
Works for its waste of public money. He
advanced a series of , figures which were
disputed by Secretary Park of the Board
of Public Works., At Tobin's suggestion
Park: was given time to prepare a state
ment. A. S. LJllie. a former president of
the federation,' also spoke, sharply criti
cizing Tobin's diatribes on the press. \ . •
Isidore Jacobs of the Municipal League
urged larger appropriations for the Board
of Health in the interests of the pure food
campaign. ' \ : .
F. E. Hackney of the West of Castro
Street Club asked for a new schoolhouse;
C. F.< Kimball of the Potrero Nuevo
Club asked the committee to give him a
hearing later, when "he would bring down
a section of the marsh into which the
sewage from the City.' and' County Hos
pital flows, to show the justice of the de
mands for connections." He also spoke of
a new pesthouse. ; ; ; -
The Point Lobos Club, through O. Cush-
Ing. asked $50,000. for a new schoolhouse
and', nearly as much for the improvement
of the" Point Lobos road, Fulton; and Mc-
Allister streets and other thoroughfares
in the district. ,
; Various Clubs Demand . Funds. .
The Market • Street Improvement ¦ Club
wanted a reduction of the grade . from
Octavia to Sanchez street and money for.
the purchase of property and to pay the
damages entailed by the change.
• The Deyisadero Street Club wants Bush
street Improved, indorsing the action of
the Western Addition Club in the same
direction. < Electric lights are also wanted
throughout the district. ~ : • ¦ ¦"' "
. The Mission Improvement Club, through
F. W. von Reynegom, advocated an ap
propriation of $21,000 for bituminizlng a
portion of Valencia street, v - .
Senator . Treacy and a large delegation
from the South Side Improvement Club
wanted, the Channel street sewer im
proved, Columbia Sauare beautified ; and
raised above the street level, a play
ground purchased ' in _. the vicinity of
Seventh and .Harrison "streets. ! a. new
police station' erected and a. few other
things, involving an outlay approximately
of $500,000. His colleagues • suggested a
number i of other improvements that
would probably bring the amount of their
requests to aboiif $2,000,000. - . .. \
¦ As a number of the representatives of
the different sections of the city had no
opportunity to acquaint' the" members of
the 'Finance Committee with what their
immediate neighborhoods would ask In the
matter of Improvement, a' further confer
ence will be held at a date yet to be se
lected. ' v: v :- ¦
'Members of Improver
; : ' Virient' 5 Clubs "Make -?
.¦¦< .-.•,;. -Demands.
;-¦;;:••,; ." \A- '^^
Seek Large Appropriations
1. ; to Be: Embraced in the \
New Tax Lievy.
WORKS BOARD
IS AGAIN SCORED
•Dr. -M. J. : H. .Woolf has removed' his 'office
and ¦ • X-ray ' apparatus . to : Glasgow ,' Block, 103
Ellis, rms. 28, 29, 30. . Hours, 1 to 5,^7 to 8 p.' m. • •
Janies Boyd : was ¦arrested- last? night in
the Champion saloon at Second end How-^
ard | streets • and charged > with , an ' assault
to commit murder. -- He . flred * three shots
from a. .revolver.- at^ Henry Flnkenstedt.
the proprietor of tho place, neither one of
which. took effect , • .- ¦
Makes Target of Saloon-Keeper.
M.- E.% high, i priest. Robert*N. Carson; ;E.
kinp. John Bennett; B. scribe," G. Knight
White: secretary, Franklin H. Day, P. O. ,11.
P. :' treasurer, .William J. Smith;, captain '• of
the host,' " M. Joseph Savage; principal -bo
journer,' Henry Ascroft. P. H.P. ; royal arch
captain, Roland B. Hartley; master third. vail;
Raymond II. ¦ Wlllcox ; master o second ¦ vail,
George . W. Bauer; master flrat '-vail/ 'Alonzo
B. • Woods ; organist. Samuel D.' Mayer," G. O. ;
guard, Georse W.,Perklns. / •;'• ;
Robert N. . Carson, high . priest of • the
chapter, presided in the lowers hall and
bade all enjoy. .themselves as. the guests
of the chapter. E. B. Church invoked" a.
blessing and then the programme as an
nounced was carried; out. The very, de
lightful affair was under- the manage
ment of the following named . officers of
the' chapter: : J» . . • ¦ . '¦¦'--¦
Harry Beahr, the floor manager, , when
calling for the supper * march announced
that in each banquet hall the same . pro
gramme would be f ollowed : ¦ "An excel
lent i supper, -• delightful > music,- but - no
toasts,. no speeches." .
! After a programme of dances there was
a march to two banauef halls, 350 going
to -the lower hall and 250 to the upper.
Both of, these were tastefully decorated
and before each plate was a beutiful red
menu. card, lettered in gold, the whole en
cased in red suede : leather, bearing the
emblematic keystone and the ' seal of
State. ¦ ; . . ¦ '. . . '
California Chapter No. 5. Royal Arch
Masons, had a 1 "ladies night" last"even
ing in Golden Gate Hall: It was one of
the most magnificent affairs given by a
chapter of -that : % branch of Masonry in
years. The decorations were far more
beautiful than any that had ever before
been seen in that hall, the effects being
produced by evergreens, electric lighls
arid La France roses. The lobby leading
to 1 the main hall was a perfect ; bower of
perennials, and ferns, supported at equal
distances by electric lights im the form
of, a keystone, the emblem of the order,
while on the stage was displayed the
American flag, and above that. in letters
of : flame the words, "In honor of our
ladles." The body of the hall was a mass
of garlands and beautiful flowers.- The
hall and the galleries were crowded with
elegantly dressed ladies • and gentlemen
in full evening dress. ,The many dancers
kept time to an orchestra concealed be
hind a bank of living plants. .
California Chapter of the
Koyal Arch Branch K
Gives Ball. ¦
MASONS HONOR
LADY FRIENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ THURSDAY^ MAT 9,,1901^
14
IN RING OF HONOR YOUNG
. MEN GENTEELLY SETTLE A
QUARREL. .
I ' ADVEETISEMENTsi
' We're Overstocked in - \
CHILDREN'S DRESSES!
Hence This Sale. . c
GOOD,
H#NEST
GOODS
• THAT WERE .NEV'R
£ SO LOW IN PRICE.
CHILDREN'S ' TV H I T E L A W N
g DRESSES. ' bretelles, neck ¦ and
5 sleeves trimmed with fine g% g% »
v embroidery, skirt pf - dress J 11 O
hemstitched; all sizes; good T *1 1 !
value at 75c. On sale to-day . V V U
Three different styles CHILDREN'S
WHITE INDIA LINEN DRESSES,
effectively made and trimmed with
lace, embrolderv and hero-- b a '^
stitching; worth as fclgh as /lift
§ $1 15. On sale...... .T..v. .•....¦ I -.IJ I!
Tour choice'of all our $1 25 '"¦'#% «¦ '"'¦'.
; CHILDREN'S .DRESSES." ||k A
¦. beautifully made and H"|l!
trimmed. On I sale;; . . ;. :.. . .UUU
'¦:. ¦ ) ..¦.¦.•.-.¦. ¦¦',¦.
Our $1 75 to:.$2 23 good V% j '" ' ¦ w
value DRESSES, ,, all "IP I A U
, this season's goods, Al 1L:I
; your choice to-day;. .....
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS, made of best
¦Percale,-: trimmed ¦ with g\ g% n
braid, all new colors; waist ¦ II || A
and sleeves lined; worth Mnl.
51 25. Our price..'..........'..; UyU
Just' a small lot left of - those' $i 75
WRAPPERS, stylishly made, deep
flounce '- on- skirt. t ; bretelles, collar
t and cuffs trimmed with vjfe t 0\fs
linen lace; 1 waist- and' IP B c ||j
. sleeves lined. :Ou sale.: ( , I ; *jM II
1212-1214V MARKET ST.,
)\l •: „•' Bet. Tajlor and Johb3. i- : - .
M >&$ll&£*^' PLATES i ; $4,001 S
l~^g(^^* FILLINGS. 25 g
H—^»^K- CD0WNS. . 3.50 g
¥f^Si/l\ \ * TEN YEARS' fj
1 : v^A f \J^v GUARANTEE H
9 PAINLESSiDENMSTRY. H
J:llOQl¥^KET;STV,;Cor, : 6^
Hale's.
Hale's.
lBE^B!S!^3BEE£BEEE^5SBSBBE9SSBI^^H[Bl^^BIBB^BBBBI^BHIHSIIBID9iBBBiB
%$£ Ibi7&9[f& ..&£$&&&?)£,
Jp^\ Our assortment of M;"
TT \ shoes for the little .folks - /-M
"j* i is varied indeed. There W^i
is style and smartness . 40$&
y^i^ as tnere ls in the footr :f «
]U\i wearfor the older.peo- v|| I
II pie. The ones wendw. 'Qtt$
"Y^"l °^ er are especially jfC"
§^/ constructed for vaca- - C^
it^f. t^ on wear— strong' and ¦^b?
// TX durable though stylish Wffifi
W§ t as ™ e]t illif -f^
Visit our Hairdress-ng and: Manicuring . -Kf-vS = W^^SFi, '
*"*• .B. 1 LI 11 IV • ; ;¦'"¦¦
Here's a Chance to Save Money. }%i A
1 c t 7^i T ma ? ufacturer wanted the; Hale trade. He had to split his prices' to
* ."• ¦'•Maybe a carload-order of only two-sized trunks was worth making
an inducement to get. / '
--actu2i h0W ' they are llere - What a stif they should make at these prices
Worth a Half More.
A_hundred of them- 2 lots, thus: -
tr,7n*t~ « 34-inch canvas covered ?S.9S— 34-inch trunks, flat tops, can-
!vr,iv j T •? s% stf ongly braced vas covered, heavy metal trim-
ana bound with heavy metal bump- /. mings, 2 trays, half linen lined.
h«7i 1 ps 'j ' an extra good \ Two solid leather straps go with
brass lock and one tray. each trunk. ''['0
Shirt Waists Under-rated.
Under-bought, that's why. Bright/snappy styles, made up from '!r !j
Best Pepcales and Flannels.
And there's the widest range of patterns possible— just those you want—
those jyau d be glad to pay full prices for.
oUc.Eacli_p rett y percale W aists, in , 75c Each— Fine percale waists, solid
fancy stripes, finished seams new colors as well as stripes— cuffs, are
cuffs,- laundered collars— oinks j soft '- co " a , rs 41111^"^^" 0 ?
' hln M J^v^r,^ >"«ars pinKs. are in p ' m k and blue— the solid col-
. blues, lavenders, etc., any size from - ors are the popular ox blood and
32 to 44. - - - ]ight and dark. blue— sizes 32 to 44.
-.- ¦ . " ; ¦ . - ¦ i> '' .
IB Black Lacey Stockings B
yMm\ Are the Fad for Women. (il
gl : , Maybe it's because they give such a pretty effect with lJ| .^
'ISM ¦ "the Oxford shoes. Black with a little open work to re- |§lg|
i lieve it is forcibly effective. You'll think so as soon as $ $ \\
i| = .you see our new things. It's a / {JHItiH
1 1 i Refreshing Display of Styles.
i l Let us mention four: HHHl
IH I = M8c a Pair— Imported Maco cotton hose. Hermsdorf Ipl W&
black, fine RauRe. full fa'shioned, extra Ions and elastic
—.3 styles, Richelieu, Rembrandt and Bedford drop stitch jj j|-|J
I — the best 25c stocking made — selling to-day 18c. - Qifl/
;^^g 23c . a Pair — Women's fine lisle hose in vertical lace open hjn III
1 work stripes running from ankle to top — something en- zljlju
.^^g tirely new and beautiful— sizes 2> x / 2 to io— 100 dozen to |iH
.'¦ Brlr Pairs for $1.OO— Genuine ingrain, lisle hose. Herms- lllf
v^^^^ dor f black, fine quality, soft, glossy finish — 3 styles, §«§
iBe Richelieu, Rembrandt or Bedford drop stitch — sizes 8yi |s[
j^^^ to 10 — special values at 33 1-3C a pair. i^i'
Zigzag- l^ace Lisle Hose 'oQc— Fine imported stockings p^^K.
f-~^J£ in 20 styles — the prettiest of the season — Hermsdorf , *> \
I ¦ - - : black— sizes 8 to 10— 50c. j}
'-^^^^^_"_ "i" |/J NEW BAUSCH & L01V1B
Stereo* Field Glasses
=A y£gs0$} Oculists' rrescriptioRs filled. Factory oa
=== \ 1^* 1^^ -'w^^ premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 10.
SPECIAL SALEI Mn^M^Mo
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY opticiajc^S^^^wl
Every article guaranteed MARKET 5t. Instruments
as being o? the highest • fi«inr.«r O fi
ij! •.- under chrowicli Byn.oiN6. lATALCGUt rR£t.
<- quality. - - .- -a^l^ ¦.--¦---••
Butter, square ........ 30c
- Choice creamery.' . . T^yD "U /^1^/"\ "D *V
Clam Extract. 2-lbtin. .10c JJiJtt J1U 1 U It I
Put .up by Pismo Packing Co.
Most excellent for Clam Broth, OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Clam Soup, Clam Chowder and Fritter*. vr . nswrunwoiifl nuuijag.
Pe R e?ress"ice and Freezer- ""^fZSSSg?"?**
The most practical Ice Cream Freezer made. yy
Make3 ice cream in 3 minutes. • . . ¦ .
Special .91.35 91.7O $2?8O COAL. COKE AND.PIQ IRON.
Regular .. U 70 $2 20 J2 60 ?2 95 $3 73 if fill CftV & f 0 *>° Battery Street.
Fruit Syrups. bot....y.35c JC - - S0N &C0 "
Raspberry. Strawberry. Vanlla.' ' rOPPFR SMITH
Grenadine, Pineapple and Lemoa I .-'..* UUFFfcK&Ivu IM.
Reeularly 50c. " : C XI CM1TH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat and
-n.es i . ,^ on. L-TT* OHIIIII, ship Work a specialty. 16 and
OrangeS, ClOZen. ...... . OUC 18 -Washington st. Telephone Main 5641. ,.
Fancy Navel" Oranges, i ' . ; : ; — . .
Regularly 40c. _ • - FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
-Whiskey, bot 75c, 3 bots $2 JAS ; boyes & CO- gSf^^S^W"
, ¦•.¦¦- ¦ i - ¦ ¦ Ga'lon $3.OO :
E."cr Berry's celebrated brand - .. -_
of Kentucky Bourbon. > , . • uii-a.
Reeularly $1 and J4. LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELU9.
Almonas, lb. . .10c mFroat * t - g - F - Fhona Mala "*•
Choice California paper shell. ] -:: -i. ~ PRINTINQ.
, Regularly 15c. _^* r ~ niTrnrc PRINTER. •
Babv Pim-Olas. 3 bots 50c r * ""u 11^ m > « m «" t ' ty -
. Sd'wJS?^ WUh 8W6et PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
• Regularly 20c a bottle. .- . - ' THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
COUHTEY 0BDEE3 SOLICITED— CATALOGUS FREE . ¦ 23 First Street. San Franctoco.
39 STOCK i'ON ST.; near Market. stationer and printer.
>>\ .' TELEPHONE NEVER "BUST."' y ' 806 tollf orwa ' PJ^gJ£IDQE T cS2. PM °
OAK CHAMBER SUITE $60.00.
(' • Quarter-sawed 'Oak— Polish finish panels, French Bevel Mir- -
( :for> Full -swell, dresser and commode, beautifully finished ; with
) ' handsome. raised; filigree designs. Cannot be duplicated in San.
) Francisco for ; less than^$85.oo, for we pay no rent and give you
\ the' benefit, thereby you make a' great .saving on all the housefur- (
'•(•:¦. nishings you buy of us. We sell just as cheap for credit as our V
} ' neighbors do for, cash.. ' - . .,--,". ( '
STHEJ. NOONAN FURNITURE: CO., 7 WC ;. !
V 1017-1023 mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco. j (
( V Close. every nlght.v except Saturdays and the day preceding holidays, at 6 o'clock sharp. ; Y
SIO^RUPTllniiinED ijm MCNITTTV
™*Z:teffim*Ato*. fop TEM DOLLARS. U JL V. Ill VI 1 U JU X JL .
at their own homes for th.s ± Specialist cure, B!ood Poison, Gonorrhcea.GlePt,
Spit i^S^) ration o£ the \eI 'ec^ Strictarp. grailna! WcAknes*. Impotenco and tbeir
N^^tPpJ^I^ Itva7d comfort loathe m»- allied Disorders. Book on D.senses of ITei., frea.
' 1^^^^ ¦ •t/rM v?w-orth?es»M,lres % OTer20years>xper«©nce.T«>rm«i reasonable. Honr*.
W *«%5»'th'e:wotk.- InvesUsate: taUonfreeandsacredlyconfldentlaLCalloi-addrcsa
i'BookletXa. 1" giving fuU taformAtton .nailed, i.nmedl- P. BOSCOE MeSBLTY, M. D."
¦WeeklyvG Year;