VOLUME XdT— NO 6.
SCHLEY IS REPORTED TO HAVE BEEN CONVICTED
BY THE DISTINGUISHED NAVAL COURT OF INQUIRY
ROOSEVELT'S
CAMPAIGN FOR
CUBA'S RELIEF
Oeneral Wood Continues
to Explain Situation
in the Island.
President Entertains and
Enlightens Congressmen
at a Dinner.
Commission Has Prepared a Bill for
the Seduction of Duties on Prod
ucts Imported Prom "Gem
• of Ati tinea.**
EpeclaJ Dispatch to The CalL
■{ CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec 6.— President
Roosevelt continued his campaign for the
relief of Cuba to-night by inviting to meet
Secretary Hay. Secretary Root and Gov
ernor General Leonard Wood of Cuba at
Clnner to-night Senators Foraker, Mor
gan, Lodge, Hale, Cockrell, Fairbanks,
McEnery, Quarles and Clapp, and Repre
sentatives Hltt, Henry A. Cooper and
William H. Moody of Massachusetts.
General Wood laid before them the sit
tiatlon In the island as he did to a similar
party on Tuesday night, and as he will
continue to do so as long as the Presi
dent continues his "Cuban dinners."
The Cuban commission has prepared a
bill for Introduction In Congress which
provides that after January 1, 1802, Cuban
molasses and raw sugar up to No. 18,
Dutch, standard, shall be admitted into
the United States free, and all other Cu
ban products upon payment of one-half
the rates of duties levied under the tariff
laws of the United States upon similar
products of the most favored nations, pro
vided the people of Cuba shall consent
that all products of the United States
eball be admitted into Cuba upon pay
ment of one-half the rates of duty levied
under the tariff laws of the Island upon
similar products of the most favored na
tions.
The commission has been in "Washing
ton for two days and left this afternoon
for New York. General Wood took lunch
eon with the delegates to-day.
2HAJOB. CABBXEBE DENIES
ACCUBACY OF INTERVIEW
Claims That He Has Been Misrepre
sented in. Connection With, the
Dreyfus Case.
PARIS, Dec. 5.— Major Carriere, who
vas prosecutor at the Rennes court-mar
tial of Captain Dreyfus and who has
lately been placed upon the retired list,
has written a letter to the morning papers
In which he characterizes as. unauthorized
an interview with himself published here
this ■week. In this interview Major Car
riere was represented as saying he could
get no appointment from the Minister of
Justice, as the Ministry hated him for
urging the condemnation of Dreyfus, and
that General de Galllfet, who was Minis
ter of War at the time of the Rennes
court-martial, had denied that he (Car
riere) had orders to sum up in favor of
Dreyfus' innocence.
Major Carriere says he must have been
misunderstood, as it had not entered his
head that Gallifet had ordered him to con
clude in favor of the innocence of Drey
fus, and that he had never said so.
CAPTIVE MISSIONARY
REPORTED TO BE ALIVE
Secretary of American Legation at
Constantinople Receives Mes
sage That She Is Well.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.—Communica
tion has been established with the bri
gands who hold Miss Stone, the Ameri
can missionary, captive. Secretary Hay
received to-day a dispatch from Spen
cer Eddy, Charge d'Affalres of the
American Legation in Constantinople, in
regard to the latest development in this
remarkable case. Eddy says there has
been a heavy' snowstorm and the passes
In the mountains are. blocked. Traveling
is almost Impossible. Eddy expresses
confidence that better results will now
attend the efforts to secure the woman's
liberation.^
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec 5.— Spencer
Eddy, first secretary of the United States
Legation at Constantinople, has received
a message via Salonika that the Ameri
can missionary. Miss Stone, and her com
panion, Moe. Tsllka, were well Decem
ber 2.
UaiTISH SUBBOUND
TEHEE BOER LAAGERS
Capture Two Hundred and Fifty Pris
oners With Few Casualties on
Either Side.
PRETORIA. Dec. B.— The largest cap
tures of Boers made In many months oc
curred to-day when three columns secured
an aggregate of 250 prisoners. General
Bruce-Hamilton, near Ermilo; Major
Dawlcins in the Waterbury District, and
General Methuen in Northwest Transvaal,
founded up three laagers with only a few
i casualties on either side v
'-4.. THE HAGUE. Dec. 6.— The attempt of
Socialists in the Chamber ( to Induce the
Foreign OfQce to intervene In South
Africa failed again to-day, the Foreign
Minister, MellvU Van Lynndon, Informing
the lnterpeUatora that the Government
The San Francisco Call.
FORMER FILIPINO OFFICIALS ARE PUT TO DEATH
BY THE MILITARY AUTHORITIES FOR BRUTAL MURDER
Denial of Story That
Aguinaldo-Will'Be.
1 1 r^victfif^ft
MANILA, Dec 5.— The -military
authorities ' to-day ; hanged the
presidente, chief ; of police and
police .sergeant of- Tay Tay,
convicted " of murdering seven
natives by stabbing them I and : burying
them alive while the town was under
American occupation. The crime was
committed at the Instance of insurrec
tionist leaders. A priest. named Leposoy,
also convicted and sentenced to death,
who was regarded as the worst of all
because he heard the confession's ' of the
murdered men when they were at the
point of death, had '-his sentence com
muted to twenty years' imprisonment be
cause of his calling. The execution of the
others took place in the presence of
thousands of natives, including fifteen
presldentes. The carrying out of the
sentence must have a most wholesome
effect.
. General Chaffee informed The Call cor
respondent to-day that he did not write
the letter addressed to Major Heath,
dated San Fernando, which has been
published In the United States. He in
dignantly repudiates it, and says he does
not know Major Heath and does not en
#-H-H'I I 1 I I"M-M-I"H"I-I"M"I-H-H
CONGRESSMEN OF THE COAST
CONSIDER CHINESE EXCLUSION
Kahn Has Some Important Amendments to the Law
Regulating the Incoming of Coolies.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W.,
WASHINGTON, IX C, Dec. 5.— The con
ference of the Pacific Coast delegation
will be held to-morrow at Representative
Loud' 6 room at the Capitol to perfect
proposed legislation on the question of
Chinese exclusion.
Representative Kahn has prepared a
blU prohibiting the coming into and regu
lating residence within the United States,
Its territories and possessions and the
District of Columbia, of Chinese persons
and persons of Chinese descent. It is
probable some features of this bill will be
incorporated in the measure framed and
approved by the conference.
Kahn's bill provides in its various sec
tions among other things for the return
to China of all Chinese persons other
could not interfere in regard to the con
centration camps except to relieve its own
subjects and could not take the initiative
In any appeal to the powers.
Large Cossack Guard at Teheran.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— A dispatch to £ne
Times from Odessa describes the great
increase of Russian Influence In Persia.
The Standard's correspondent ; says the
Cossack guard -at Teheran now. numbers
2000 highly disciplined troops, commanded
exclusively by 'Russian officers, .
SAN, FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6/ 1901.
tertain ; the views expressed in the letter,
especially as regards Governor Taft.
Permanent Leper Colony.
Professor Worcester of the Philippine
Commission, Colonel Maus and Insular
Health Commissioner Huth sailed for
Cagayan ■ in . Julo, where they will estab
lish a permanent leper colony.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— War Depart
ment officials say. that the reports printed
In Berlin to the effect. that Aguinaldo Is
to be court-martialed and transported to
Guam. because of correspondence he has
been conducting* with the Hongkong'Jun
ta are without foundation. Frequent
mail • advices reach the department from
General Chaffee, the American command
er of the forces in the Philippines, 7 but
they have not disclosed any correspond
ence on Aguinaldo's part containing evi
dence of conspiring against American
rule.
Chief of Insular Bureau.
Professor F. Lamson-Scribner, the agro
stologlst of the Department of Agricul
ture, has been appointed chief of the. In
sular Bureau 'of Agriculture in the Phil
ippines. He will have direct charge of all
agricultural affairs In the - archipelago.
than those described in the act;. for the
detention of every Chinese person by maa
ters, agents, tfwners or consignees of ves
sels bringing Chinese persons to ports of
the United States until final decision in
the case; for heavy penalties for viola
tion of this; for penalty for failure on the
part of a captain to furnish a manifest
showing the status of the Chinese persons
on his vessel; for penalties for smuggling
Chinese' into this country; seizure of a
vessel wherever a master knowingly vio
lates the provisions of the act; for certifi
cates of the social status of Chinese per
sons; for furnishing list of all Chinese of
ficials of- the Chinese Government who
desire to visit the United States and: for
the cancellation of all return certificates
after two years.
TERRIBLE LOSS OF LIFE
ON' WEST COAST OF INDIA
Cne Hundred and Forty. People
Drowned by the Sinking of a :
Launch.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— A dispatch to the
Daily Express from Bombay ; says that
during' the celebration 'of the I feast; day,
of St. Francis Xavier, December 3, at the
Portuguese city of Goa, on the west coast
of India, the sinking of a launch resulted
in drowning 140 devotees fifty; yards from
the shore, jaga^TagsMg&BMfegeag^ygBBW
TWO NOTED ; OFFICERS AND
THE CIVIL GOVERNOR ; OF
THE ; PHILIPPINES. '
This Is a new- office. • , . •
Mr. Chamberlain, ; the Commissioner of
Navigation, has issued a circular In which
Collectors.; of 'Customs throughout . the.
United States are directed to exempt ves
sels from the Philippines arriving in this
country of : tonnage tax levied under au
thority-of the act of 18S6. . Vessels arrriv-
SENATE RECEIVES TREATIES.
They Are, Referred to the Committee
on Foreign i Relations. ■ .•'■•..
/WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— The Senate to
day received from the President the trea- '
ties renewing. the reciprocity "treaties' and
in executive session referred them to "the
Committee \ on." Foreign - Relations. .' The
principal ones are with Great Britain and
cover, the '.British ;.West- Indies. * The' ex
tradition ;,treaty;.with" the Argentine '] Re
public and -the .trade-mark < treaty", with
Guatemala were' also received' by fthe'Sen
ate and were referred without' debate. ',
The Senate spent sonW time ;during the
executive : session discussing "the' question
of the proper' committee reference of the
nomination 'of Eugene' R.Hendry to, be
Marshal for the Territory of Hawaii. - The
nomination at\ first was 'referred to the
Committee on' Porto Rico >and Pacific Isl
ands, of which : Senator Foraker is chair
man, but Senator ■ Bacon raised the point
that Hawaii Is ' a' full .fledged Territory of
the United; States, and \ that thereforeHhe
nomination' should "go to the Committee on
Territories. '.-;;' , ■'
. Senators Teller, Foraker, Spooner and
Bacon engaged In ■ the controversy which
followed and! the question was ultimately;
upon " the suggestion' of ; Senator Spooner,
referred, to thai Committee on Rules for
the formulation , of a . rule : governing the
subject, the reference ) meantime being
held up. ■ . ':'■■ ■
Named : for Office i by .-, the President.
:" WASHINGTON, Dec/ 5.— The" President
to-day, sent r the following, nominations to
the Senate: .: ;,::■-';
, ,' To' be Collector of -Internal Revenue for
the District': of Kansas, James " M/ Simp-
son. <-'■-.:' '■- ■•::"■ ■ •.-... ■ ;■ ' • : :f>.:.-J -.-■
Postmasters , ;- Alaska— Frank ; W. \ Swan
ton, ,Nome; VArlzona," ! George .' E.rMcAlH
eon; -• Globe; '--: Hawaii, v Vetlea vVetlesoni
ing from foreign ports via the Philippines
or visiting foreign ports while on a voy
age from ' the Philippines to the United
States are still' subject to the' tax. This
action is taken under the.authorlty of the
recent decisions. of; the Supreme Court in
the Philippine cases. '
Opposing Bevenue Measure.
■Members of the House of > Representa
tives are showing some opposition to the
origination 1 of Philippine revenue legisla
tion In 'the Senate and in particular to
Senator Lodge's \ bill, which deals with
this subject. Tawney of Minnesota holds
that the constitutional provision that "all
bills, for raising revenue shall originate in
the House of Representatlves"*applles to
Philippine measures, and the Minnesota
member will oppose any. Senate bill as an
invasion of the prerogatives of the House.
TWO PASSENGER TRAINS MEET
IN A TERRIFIC COLLISION
Engineer, by Disregarding Orders, Kills T hree
People and Injures Two Score flore.
■■ ■ ■ ■■ «... ■.•..-■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MALVERN, ■: Ark., Dec. 5.— Three . per
sons were killed andTthirty-elght injured
In a head-on collision between two passen
ger trains on the St.* Louis," Iron Mountain
and Southern 8 Railroad, one . mile and a
half south of here, this" evening. -.The two
trains were No. 8, known as. the St. Louis
fast mail, southbound, leaving St. Louis at
3 a. . m., and • No. ' 14. ~. known . as . the - Little
Rock and El D ora< *° northbound,, due in
Little Rock at 8 p. m. ) The dead :
JERRY DICKSON ; (colored), Saginaw,
Ark.' ■;'..-.. ':',.■ /
'.Unknown man (colored).
Unknown" woman ■ (colored). ,
Among the injured whites are: .Frank
M. j Henry, Malvern, : internal injuries 1 ; se
rious;; Judge J."B. Moore, Arkadelphia.
Ark., head cut;. baclly] injured in. back and
hip;! S. L. Roberts, Little '•; Rock, Ark.',
arm broken," : head cut, legs sprained, se
rious; W. l. York,' Oklahoma City, Okla.,
face cut," Injured in . back. .
The following Injured are negroes: Mag
gie" Stevenson, Landersville; Ala., right
leg broken, internal Injuries, probably, fa
tal ; Charles Densmore, Landersville, Ala. ,
left leg-broken,; injured.' In back, '\ probably
fatal; ', Jennie: Ware, Landersville, Ala.,'
leg ■ broken; r injured internally, 'probably
fatal: ;_:. : . r ." ',".' " ;' ' ;V; ;■'. '■ v, /'. '.
'.Train No. 3 was to meet^NcM at Mal-
Pay Penalty for Bury
ing Alive Unlucky
Natives.
Overstreet of Indiana, and quite a num
ber of other influential members, main
tain that the. Senate Philippine bill in
volves no invasion of the House rights, a3
it extends an existing law to the Philip
pines, and is not , a revenue measure
within the meaning of the constitution.
In any event, the , question of ' the light
of the House over the subject is likely to
be discussed on the floor of the House.
Taking Troops to Manila.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— The army trans
port Crook, with 341 men of the Eleventh
Cavalry, 3S5 of the Twenty-seventh In
fantry, . 40 of the Hospital Corps and 71
general cabin passengers on board, pulled
down the bay to-night on the long run to
Manila, by way of Suez. The transport
will make brief stops at Gibraltar, Malta,
Port Said,; Aden, Colombo and Singapore.
vern,' but the latter train was late and
Nol 3 moved ahead, expecting to meet the
other train at' the next ' station. A mile
and a half south of Mai vern the two
trains met in a terrific collision. Engineer
Robert Herlot of No. 14 Jumped in time
to save his life and Engineer McCampbell
of No. 3 did likewise. The two engines
wei*e wrecked and the colored coach next
to the baggage car on the southbound
train was badly smashed. It was crowded
with colored emigrants en route from
North Carolina, Georgia and Alabama to
Texas.
The smoking car on the north-bound
train was badly damaged and most of its
occupants were ...injured, but the rear
coaches on this train did not suffer.
DISORDERLY, STUDENTS.
BEATEN INTO SUBMISSION
They Break the .Windows of Business
Houses and Insult People
't'f'y'- on the Street.
BRUSSELS, Dec. 5— There has been
constant disorder during the week among
the students at Louvain In Brabant. Yes
terday, these disorders became serious.
The •, students . smashed ,. the , windows of
business establishments and Insulted pas
sers-by.. They. -were -charged and dis
persed by the ; police. .. Several ; students
were .wounded and arresteS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
COURT FINDS
AGAINST HERD
OF SANTIAGO
Naval Men Say That the
Report Will Score
Schley.
Belief That the Admiral Is
Convicted on Five of the
Ten Counts.
Commander of 'Flying Squadron Crit
icized for Delay Off Cienfuegos,
Retrograde Movement and
Colon Affair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Dec. 5.— The Washington
correspondent of the Inter Ocean tele
graphs his paper to-night as follows:
While the Schley court of Inquiry is not
expected to make Its report for a week or
ten days, It is understood that tha three
Admirals have practically concluded their
work, and the only delay is in the prepa
ration of the formal report.
The proceedings of the court have been
carefaly guarded from the time the pub
lic hearings were dosed, but there is a
well-founded and good-grounded report in
naval circles that the court ; has found
against Admiral Schley on at least five
counts.
>
Alleged Offenses Committed.
There are ten counts in the specifica
tions of the precept, and it Is impossible
to say on which of these the court finds
against Admiral Schley. Naval officers
who have followed closely the whole
course of the Inquiry believe that Schley
will be criticised for the delay of the
flying squadron off Cienfuegos; for his
misrepresentations of the reasons for re
turning to Key West; for his disobedience
of orders in making the. retrograde move
ment; for his failure to destroy the Co
lon, and for conduct unbecoming an offi
cer and gentleman in the Schley-Hodgson
controversy.
It is regarded' as possible that the court
may group several of these specifications
in the general criticism oa the conduct
of Admiral Schley; but that he will be
severely criticised there seems to be no
doubt.
Dewey Has a Blunt Way.
Members of the court practically made
up their minds In the last days of the
public hearings, and it is said Admiral
Dewey was ready to sign a report shortly
after the court began its executive ses
sions. The hero of Manila has a practical
and democratic way of going at puzzling
questions. He was ready to drop formal
ity and proceed to write a general report
upon the case.
Admirals Benham and Ramsey are,
however, greater sticklers for strict form
ality In such proceedings, and they de
sired to follow the rules of courts of in
quiry, go over the specifications and evi
dence upon each, and write their report
In accordance with this method. They
followed that rule In the executive ses
sions of the court and reached their find
ings. They are now preparing a formal
report and will have It ready to submit to
the Secretary of the Navy within a week
or ten days. It is possible that It may be
submitted to the President and made pub
lic from the White House instead of by
the Secretary of the^Navy.
DID HIS DUTY IN BATTLE
Court Will Find That Schley Is Not
Guilty of Cowardice.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N. W..
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec 5.— Admiral
Dewey and his associates on the Schley
court of Inquiry are putting the finishing
touches upon then- 'findings. These find
ings are being closely guarded and will
not be made public until after their sub
mission to Secretary Long. The court
completed the rearrangement of the testi
mony of the various officers under each
specification of the precept ten days ago,
and has since been devoting Itself to tha
preparation of its conclusions.
In wen informed naval circles it Is be
lieved the court -will find Rear Admiral
Schley derelict in these particulars:
That he failed to promptly determina
whether or not the Spanish squadron was
In the harbor of Cienfuegos.
That he ordered the flying squadron to
proceed to Key West after arrival to
southward of Santiago without trying to
ascertain whether the Spanish squadron
was In that harbor.
That he disobeyed the department's In
structions- to proceed to Santiago to as
certain If the Spanish ships were there,
and not to permit them to leave without
a decisive action.
That he regarded the coap supply of the
ships under his command as Insufficient
to enable him to remain at Santiago,
when there was sufficient fuel for this
purpose. .
That he failed to deal fairly with Lieu
tenant Commander Hodgson In the fa
mous "Damn the Texas" colloquy.
Officials who believe Rear Admiral
Schley will be found derelict upon these
points are equally convinced that the
court will find:
That Rear Admiral Schley should not
be censured for the alleged slow voyage
made by the flying. squadron from Clen-
i. Continued on Pago Seven, ,- ~2
BOLDLY SCORES
FRENCH BUDGET
Deputy Ribot Declares
That Proposed Bill
Is Misleading.
Says Tbat the Government
Owes the Country the
Whole Trutt
PARIS, Dec. 5.— The last three sittings
of the Chamber of Deputies have been de
voted to a consideration of the budget.
The discussions on the whole were unin
teresting until to-day, when Alexandre
Ritat, Republican, made a slashing criti
cism of the bill.
M. Rlbot argued that he present budget
was higher by 259,000,000 francs than that
of 1SSS; that all the nations of Europe
were reducing expenses, and that France
must imitate their people, as she cannot
risk committing further faults. The only
way to assure the moral and material
strength of the nation, argued M. Ribot,
is to prevent the expenditures from excit
ing riots. M. Ribot criticized the attempts
to effect economy by abolishing the sugar
bounties and the appropriations for public
worship. He declared that most of the
economies proposed were more fictitious
than real; that the deficit at the end of
tb-i year would be 144,000,000 francs and
tbat the Government owed the country
th-j truth concerning the condition. of its
finances. >
M. Ribot's speech made a great impres
sion upon the Chamber and he received
an rvation when he concluded.
LOXDOX. Dec. 5.— Most Rev. James Edward
Cowell Weldon, Bishop of Calcutta, has been
appointed canon of Westminster Abbey, to take
effect upon his resignation from the See of
Calcutta.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CtiRTsTMAS
IS COMING.
\§ $3.50;
We announce that instead of advanc- j
ing prices that never in our history •
have we offered a chair like the above, as j
well made and substantial, in full shellac j
finish, for §3.50. We have others, ■
unprecedented values, from $2.25 to
; .. i
Rattan Furniture is now fashionable, i
We are specialists in its manufacture.
COULTER'S RATTAN WORKS,
227 SUTTER STREET. ;j
Nearly everybody seems to be taking Prof. Man
yon's *. aid ' ore whenever a cold appears. It
relieves the h' ad, ncsr, threat and lur.gs so quietly ;
that a cold need no lor.jter be a forerunner of grippe, i
diphtheria or pneumonia. A vial of the Cold Cure j
is like a life iasurance policy. Every one of his i
remedies is as sure Mostly 25c vial. Guide to
Healrh frrr. Mw-n. New Vorlr acd Philadelphia.
HU.MOVS :MULEB CUBE* CATaBBU.
CONTINUATION
EXTRAORDINARY
AUCTION SAL!
OF REA'_ ESTATE
Tbe following choice and select Hit of Improved tn
B'iinsrnvod properties trill be 'old for the heir* of tu
l&te William A. Piper, >t our salesroom, Mnnd&j-.
Drcembrr 16, 1901, lit 12 o'clock noon, far order of Cur
t«ve II. Umbsen. sole referee, subject to conflrinatio!
by the Su;>eri..r Court.
Northeatt Cor. Sutler and. Goiigli Sts.
This choic- corner would pay handsomely if pn>i><.rl;.
improved. Lot 70x120, three f rontaeti.
1450, 1 i 52, 1454, 14SC & 1458 Franklin St
Scuthea* t corner Cash St.' This choice inTestmcx:
consists of two corners, with Sre elegant 7-story am
t>a«ement houses of 14 rooms and bath each. Beat'.
f 3.5 per snunth Lot 120x114.0. ■■ *~, ■
— Al»O-
Two desirable building lots, 25x120 each, fronting o 1
Hash fat. and Feru Are. Will be sold separately, j
1213 to 12*6 I'olk St.
Southeast corner Kush St. - This choice buslnrt.
property WinUli of two corners, and J« elos9 tu llj>
transfer point n- Sutter and Polk fits. Improvement*.
consist of ei^ut stores and three fiats, tilth framr.
buildings, Kos. 1325-1329 Husi St. Kent! $390 je:
month. Lot 120x150, three frontages.
MnUli.liT St.
Near Junction of Market and Jones Sts. This choice
tmiinet s property could be made to yield band*c:aelr ii
properly imj.roTed. Lot 123x27.6, irregular.
City nail Avenue.
Between LeaTOjworth and C!ty Hail Squire. Tkc
Choice building lou, 25x100 each.
212 Washington .St.
Between Front and I>avf« Sts. Improvement)! consist
rf fram» build: nc- H^au>5 ;J per month. Lot 2~xl2C to
Orrgon St. ■:,-.-'.;.*-,-. " -• -->.
POTKEKO. , IV'.
Portion of Block 411, lot JOfixtOO, thrse frtmtasrs.
h " " " 10^x199, three frontace*.
m « « 4'ii, ♦* 100x300. two fronUces.
•***•• 513, " JOftx 10?, three frontages.
" " " S12, " !O0x2JO, two frontag-s.
•• •» •• 475, " 100x300. two frontages.
" " - " •* 514, ** 100x490, thrne ffontage*.
•♦ •• M 52ii, *• 200x209, tbrt e frontage*.
«•••*• 518," 100x153, two frontajrt.
Gift Map No. 3.
Elsie St.. west tine, brtween Ezmeralda and Ooeo
Its. JjoU 364, 366, Z61 and 363, 25x70 each.
For catalogues and further particulars, apply to "
G. II. Ur.IBSE.V & CO.
14 Slontcomery Street.
m . fBH&M < A wkisK ~m ■ ••■■■" E9V fefc wSi ■
■n^ CSBSmv ' ■"" Vfl * ' Rd ' JE^L^_^^B^HI "
£2 n w ' bo rc£o Era b**3 ml « w
WOMEN INTERESTED IN HORTI CULTU RE PRESENT
THEIR VIEWS TO FRUIT GROWERS' CONVENTION
Co-operation Most
Strenuously
Need of Better=
ment of Condi=
tions.
! __ _ OMEN from the fruit or
j Vk \\ / chards, some owners of large
>\/A/ properties, others the wives of
Y y orchardiste who take an act
; lve part \ In the management
i of their husbands' properties, held the
center of the stage at the fruit growers'
convention yesterday at Pioneer Hall.
Their papers were timely, well written
and in many instances witty.
As soon as the convention assembled the
Committee on the Presidential message,
consisting of F. M. Righter, William
Johnson and N. W. Motherall, reported.
I Johnson declined to sign the report of the
i majority of the committee. The resolu
• tlons were ordered telegraphed to the
! President. They are as follows:
• We, the fruit growers of California, in State
convention assembled, send greeting and beg
leave to express to you our unqualified appre
| elation of the interest your message to Con
j grees shows that you feel in the welfare of
! the producers of this great country.
| Your recommecdlnsr to Congress the urgent
need of the earliest possible construction of the
interoceanie canal and the connection by cable
. of the United States with Hawaii, the Phil
! ipplnes and points in Asia, also the aid of the
i Government in the preservation of our forests
' and the construction of reservoirs and irriga
\ tion canals to be employed In the reclamation
| of cur unsettled and public lands, meets our
most hearty approval.
Hoping that the good things in prospect may
j soon be secured, we extend in aid of these
' great accomplishments our grateful helping
hand.
COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA FRUIT
GROWERS.
A special programme was arranged by
the ladies. "Hedge-Row Vineyard Ex
periment," a paper by Mrs. Lucy Hatch
j of Tulare, was read by Mrs. L. A. Ban
i croft of Contra Costa County. It gave a
I graphic account of the struggles of four
I women to undertake the management of
j a vineyard without previous experience.
A 6imllar paper was that sent by Mrs.
Harriet Strong of Whittier. entitled "Les
sons From My Ranch," which was read
by Mrs. John Dore of Fresno. The ranch
is on a historic spot in the San Gabriel
Valley.
I Experience in Fruit Sheds.
Mrs. B. E. Hutchlrison of Fowler was
| extremely witty in her description of her
: four years'* experience on, a ranch. She
| said:
. -I thought I would run the fruit cutting shed
each year and elected myself forelady. Back
; in Michigan, where we came from, they would
: call ■ me forewoman. I was forelady for sev
: eral seasons, and all my help wanted to come
back to vs.
' Mrs. 'Hutchinson said she represented
the Oleander Woman's Study Club,
i "California Wild Flowers" was the sub
ject of the paper read by Mrs. Lucy E.
Weister of this city. It was a plea for
the preservation of all varieties of Cali
fornia flowers.
Mrs. Emma Fox of Lemoore told of
• "Ranch Life in California," its hopes and
disappointments and the final crowning
of the efforts of the homeseeker at last.
Mrs. Emma Shatter Howard of Oakland
was assigned as her topic, "The Advance
ment of Women In Agricultural Pur
suits."
Mrs. W. E. Marden of Fowler read a
letter from Mrs. S. P. Reed of Los Gatos
detailing the trials of the family from the
time they landed in the State. Mrs. Mar
den supplemented the letter with an ac
count^of how the Woman's Club of Fow
ler had succeeded in beautifying that
town.
Mrs. Julia Shafter Howard, who man
ages 16,000 acres of land In Marin Coun
ty, mostly devoted to dairying, spoke in a
most entertaining manner- of her experi
ences.
"Making the Most of Our Fruit" was
the paper read by Mrs. W. N. Sherman.
On motion of W. H. Aiken the ladies
were tendered a vote of thanks for their
able papers. The Rev. Joe Waldrop of
Lytton, Sonoma County, added his con
gratulations and advice in a well-rounded
speech. \
Suggestions as to Marketing.
A. R. Sprague presented the following
report, which was adopted:- ;
Your committee to whom was referred the
state of the San Francisco and other coast
markets beg leave to report as follows:
In our opinion the present custom of selling
fruit nnd produce in these markets is waste
ful and unneceEsarily very expensive, especially
In the folio wine particulars:
1. The grower at time of shipment does not
know the quantity of competing produce which
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iRWpPEPSIA
A CURB FOR IT.
Not a Patent Cure All, Nor a
Modern Miracle but Simply a
Rational Cure for Dyspepsia.
In these days of humbuggery and de-
ception, the manufacturers of patent med-
icines, as a rule, seem to think their med-
icines will not sell unless they claim that
it will cure every disease under the sun.'
And they never think of leaving out dys-
pepsia and stomach troubles. They are
sure to claim that their nostrum is abso-
lutely certain to cure every dyspeptic and
he need look no further. • ■
In the face of these absurd claims, it is
refreshing to note that the proprietors of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have carefully
refrained from making undue claims or
false representations regarding the mer-
its of this most excellent remedy for. dys-
pepsia and stomach troubles. They make
but one claim for it, and that is that for
indigestion and. various stomach troubles
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is a radical
cure. They go no farther than this, and
any man or woman suffering from indi-
gestion, chronic or nervous dyspepsia,
1 who will give the remedy a trial will find
that nothing is claimed for It that the
facts 'will not fully sustain.
It is a modern discovery, composed of
harmless vegetable ingredients acceptable
to the weakest or most delicate stomach.
Its great success in curing stomach trou-
bles is due to the fact that the medical
properties are such that it will digest
whatever wholesome food is taken into
the stomach, no matter whether the stom-
ach is in good working order or not. It
rests the overworked organ and replen-
ishes the body, the blood, the nerves, cre-
ating a healthy appetite, gives refresh-
Ing sleep and the blessings which always
accompany a good digestion and proper
assimilation of food.
In using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets no
dieting is -required. Simply eat plenty of
wholesome food and .take these Tablets
at each meal, thus assisting and resting
the stomach, which rapidly regains its
proper digestive, power, when the Tablets
will be no lonser required. > -■■ ■
Nervous Dyspepsia is simply a condi-
tion In which some portion or portions of
the nervous system are not properly nour-
ished. Good digestion Invigorates the
nervous system 1 and every organ in the
bedy..- ■;■■. ;'...■■ - •. ..■■■<•;..-,
Any druggist will .tell. you. Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets give universal satisfaction.
TELE SAN iFRAaSGISCOy CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 6; 1901.
'SOME OF THOSE WHO WERE PRO WlNENT JN THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE FRUIT. GROWERS' . CONVEN
TION YESTERDAY, WHEN A NUMBER OP WOMEN CONTRIBUTED AND READ TIMELY PAPERS - AND
THE REPORT OF THE TRANSPORTATION COMMITTEE WAS .PRESENTED. . i ' . ' '
his shipment will- meet, resulting often in
seriously overstockine the markets.
2. He has no assurance of fair treatment at
all times. .
3. The charges upon the product for freight
and drayage owing to shipment 'in small
amounts is a serious burden in excess of the
19 per cent brokerage, and added to this is the
careless loss of boxes which should be re
turned to the shipper.
4. The work of selling is now so compli
cated and conducted by such a multitude of
brokerage firms that it may perhaps be doubled
if these men can afford to do the work at
much less than the present rate, and to main
tain this,' which they say is but a living rate,
they have ' determined to co-operate and are
doing so most effectively.
Your committee . therefore sees no way by
which these evils can be remedied excerjt by
the co-operation of growers who ship to these
coast markets. Th'ey alone must control both
the distribution and sale of their products or
suffer the present evils. .
To this end we recommend:
1. That the growers form local associations
in their several localities for taking charge of
the assembling and shinment of produce de
signed for coast markets, to control as cheaply
as possible the total output ftt such places.
2. That these several local associations elect
representatives who shall form central or
ganizations to make such arrangements for
shipment and sale as the Interests of the pro
ducer may require.
We further recommend that a committee of
five be appointed by j this convention to pro
mote the formation of the above named or-
A. R. fPHAGUE.
C. GAINES.
Chairman's Becommendations.
At the afternoon session the committee
appointed to " consider the recommenda
tions made by Chairman Ellwood Cooper
in his annual report presented the fol
lowing report and resolutions, which were
adopted without discussion: ; > -'
• SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 5. 1901.
To the State Fruit Growers' Convention—
Gentlemen:- We, your committee, to whom 'was
referred the annual address of President Coop
er have had the address under consideration
and commend its careful perusal to the fruit
growers of California. ; 4 ■
We especially emphasize the suggestions re
garding the necessity of securing an appro
priation from the next Legislature for secur
ing parasites for Insect pests, for revising the
present horticultural quarantine laws of the
State and for pure food legislation, and would
recommend that these matters be referred to
the State Board of Horticulture for action.
President Cooper's reference to the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition Is timely, and we would
offer the following resolutions: •' • *
Whereas, The preparations being made for
a World's Exposition to' be held In the city
of St. Louis in 1903. and • ' >
Whereas. The preliminary arrangements and
financial backing give promise that . the said
exposition will be one of the greatest and
grandest in the world's history, and 7 ' :
„■ Whereas, Past experience has demonstrated
that under wise, economical and experienced
management participation, by - California In
national and : international expositions has
proven profitable to the State; affording the
most effective means of presenting , our great
resources and unequaled advantages to the
Inquiring world; therefore, : be it
Resolved, That It 18 ' the sense of the fruit
growers of California In convention assembled
in San Francisco, December 6/ 1901.' that Cali
fornia should be adequately ■ < represented ■ at
the said St. Louis or - the Louisiana : Purchase
Exposition, and we earnestly invoke the united
aid of the counties, and of the * State, I and of
all enterprising men to this end.*; - . : ' . .
i We would suggest the I appointment of I the
following committee to carry out this purpose:
General N. : P. Chipman, - Bed Bluff, chair
man: F,' N. . Woods, San Jose; H. Welnstock.
Sacramento; A. H. Naftzger,' Los'. 'Angeles;
George P. Hall, San Diego: ?.Frank -^Williams,
Los Angeles; Senator S. C. Smith, BakersReld;
A. R.Brlggs, Fresno; JameB A. Barr, Stock
ton. . . ' " ' ■ < ,'■'■'.'.''.'■
The preservation of forests has received atten
tion at the hands of the : president of this as
sociation ■■ In his address, , and, we would sug
gest the adoption of the '. following resolution:
■Resolved, That our members 'in Congress be
requested to present -an act,- and labor for its
adoption, setting aside ' from settlement , for
homes all ' mountain lands unoccupied in '< the
State of California, and "restrict . the devasta
tion '. caused by .prospecting 'for minerals, and
mining purposes. '. , -:o .- ■■■;:
Reciprocity Treaties.
In the address of President; Cooper reference
is made to the . reciprocity .treaties, and ■ we
would offer the following resolution . and ask
its adoption by this ■ convention : - . * .
Whereas, i The Fifty-seventh -Congress is • now
In session at Washington. D. T C., - and the law
makers of the land will shortly .-be called upon
to consider . and ratify , certain ; reciprocity con
ventions already entered into between : the
. United States of America and t certain f oreign
countries, and we now refer particularly to the
convention ,wlth France and Jamaica; ' and <r-i\- •■
■ Whereas, The fruit growers of California and
the Pacific Coast firmly believe that the ratifl.
cation of these conventions will seriously injure
the fruit, nut and wine industry. on the Pacific
Coast. , and : that :; the , fruit, > nut ■ and wine In-
dustry at large In this country will be placed
in jeopardy. and seriously impaired by the rati
fication of the convention for Jamaica, signed
July 22. 1899, which proposes a reduction in
the present tariff of 20 per cent on citrus fruits;
and further, the convention with the French
republic, signed July 24, 1899. which proposes
a reduction of duty of 20 per cent on nuts, 10
per cent on prunes, 15 per cent on olive oil and
a 10 per cent reduction on preserved fruits and
Vegetables; an( j . .
Whereas, Fruit growers of the Pacific Coast
look with alarm upon these unratifled conven
tions, fearing" their ratification in the near
future, in which event serious uncalled for
and unwarranted damage will - accrue to the
fruit, nut and wine industry, in which at the
present time millions of dollars are Invested;
now, therefore, be it
Resolved, That the fruit growers of Cali
fornia, in convention assembled, do most re
spectfully but earnestly and emphatically pro
test against any and all reductions or changes
in the existing tariff rates between the United
States of America and the republic of France,
and the island of Jamaica, so far as they affect
fruits, nuts, olives, olive oil, wine, preserved
fruits and vegetables; and be. it further -
Resolved, That our Representatives in Con
gress be and are hereby respectfully petitioned
to use all honorable means at their command
to : discourage and prevent the ratification of
these conventions as at present outlined; and
be it further
Resolved. That these resolutions be engrossed
and the copy forwarded to each member of
the Pacific Coast delegation In Congress in
"Washington, D. C, requesting that this action
on the part of the fruit growers of the State
of California, in convention assembled, on this
5th day of December, 1901, and that the action
herein taken be made known to the honorable
President of these United States, members of
the United States Senate and House of Repre
sentatives. ■ " . . - ' ■ . '
Favor ; the Isthmian Canal.
We also ask the adoption of the following
resolution on the isthmian canal: ■
Resolved, That this State convention of the
California fruit f growers, in session at San
Francisco, this 5th day of December, 1901.
impressed with the utter inability of the trans
continental railroads to handle the ' enormous
and rapid increase in traffic between the East
and West, urge our Senators and Representa
tives in Congress the pressing need of adopting
the recommendations of the -. isthmian • canal
commission and taking immediate steps for the
construction of the canal. -
Your committee would also advise the pas
sage of the following: .
Whereas. The priceless relic of an ancient
civilization known as , Cleopatra's needle, is
now disintegrating and going to destruction
In Central Park. New York, efforts should be
made at once' to secure Its removal to Cali
fornia, where its safe preservation '.for | the
ages to come , may Impart , the pleasure and
profit of its contemplation for future genera
tions and where | it may stand a unique and
expressive exponent of the most valuable char
acteristics of the California climate; therefore.
bft It , ■ -> « - . ■ .• V .. -. - - • :'.
Resolved, That the State Board of Horticult
ure be requested to bring the matter to the
attention of the scientific associations and
municipal authorities of : California cities as
suggested in detail in President Cooper's an
nual address.- ■ - .
' A. H. NAFTZGER. Chairman.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
university. of California spoke on the im
portance of the work of the State Board
of ' Horticulture, saying In part* as fol
lows: '■■ ■' ■ .. ■ --■■:., •-■-■.: - ■ ■" .-•: :•■
The ultra individualism which tolerated- and
even loved- the little rocky farms . of > New
Hampshire and Massachusetts, and spent its
toil. in building stone walls that served little
more purpose than stone heaps, has done 'its
work ' and lived its day, and a glorious day it
was. The old . New England farmer depended
for his information about what seed to put in
; and; what to ao with' what came up therefrom
chiefly upon the half mythical traditions of the
Farmers' Almanac. It* was a day of small
. things and narrow outlook. I These farms,' how
ever, : even if they ' did ■ produce . small . crops,
and apples very rough and very sour, availed
to -. produce a type - of men r that . have , made
themselves felt In the conscience-power of this
whole land. ..'■■: : ..- .•-■ •"■■■,•'•
.The old New England farmer did not look
to the State . to help him . in choosing his crops
or caring for them. Indeed there was very
little the 'State could have done for him, ex
cept to sap his ; manhood. Everybody knows
what the effect of subsidy ' Is and would be
under such conditions. ■ There was very , little,
probably nothing the State could have done
for him. Agriculture and • fruit growing were
practiced according to the rule of i thumb.'
Some slender ; traditions derived from. the. fore
fathers — some of them good, some of them bad
— served to make up a body of lore by which
those fine * old farmers conducted themselves
as farmers. In these later days men h have
come to see that the processes of farming and
fruit growing are just as : properly subjects of
scientific . research as any : of the phenomena
which swarm : about ■ in . the universe. -'; The un
aided hand of the New England farmer in his
little farm could not. have maintained an agri
cultural - chemist .< or botanist, but ■ when*: the
farmers put their heads together and their
hands, and interested the National Government
In encouraging and aiding study which should
take into account the necessities and oppor
tunities of all the farms put together, there
rapidly developed scientific knowledge which
could be ' readily adapted to the uses of the
men on the farms.
President Wheeler was followed by
President David Starr Jordan of Leland
Stanford Jr. University on "Selection —
Natural and Artificial." He said in part:
We have to utilize" the collected knowledge of
the world, whatever we are doing. Germany
has led the way in applying what' science has
discovered to the practical side of life.. The
German protection of forests has made the
name of Germany famous in the courts of for
estry the world over. Germany has " utilized
the scientific work of. the universities. For a
time we did not mind Germany in the markets
of the world. But within the last five years
she has been felt in the first-class markets of
the world. She Is beginning to push England
out. England has relied too much on solid ma
terials. She has trusted too long in amateurl
isms, in war, in diplomacy, commerce and
manufactures, and failed like Germany to util
ize all that science offers' in the way of expert
service. • . • . . • - .
R. D. Stephens of Sacramento, chairman
of the permanent committee on transpor-
V-X Smoking/Jackets^ make good Christmas gifts for the men j ]
t-3 - folks, i They encourage "staying home nights" and afford a wealth | ]
p^l of comfort. Only those who have worn smoking jackets know of j j
||!| 1 the comfort to be obtained. If "he" hasn't a jacket surprise him I j
m and please him. We think ] that we have the greatest assortment J :
if! ever shown in San Francisco— surely every taste and whim is I
hB -.■'.■.:- ; They are made of cheviot,; tricot, velveteen, matelasse and a |j
j|ll V material whichj we 'highly,: recommend — all wool,, double-faced golf I,]
T,| , cloth;, the colors are greens, browns, garnets, tans and navys, in [•
b-j /solid colors, small checks and pronounced plaids; the trimmings I '■'
pi-, are cord, satin, braid and self-trimming; prices $5.00, $6.00, $7.50 f \
|p| You know they make '; splendid house coats, whether he ■ I j
Freight Charges
Are Yet Too
High.
University Presi=
dents Are
HeardV '
tatlon, presented an exhaustive report of
his labors. Embraced in the report is the
correspondence between himself and toe
freight managers of the railroads, through
T.-hich he secured valuable concessions for
growers and shippers. His correspond
ence with the manager of the refrigerator
lines, he said, looking to reductions in
these charges was not entirely satisfac
tory as yet, but he. hoped to secure re
ductions, before the season, opened. •
The concluding part of thfe report Is as
follows: , ■ , : ? * ■"-'' •
Question .of Transportation.
There can be no doubt that the improved
service given _to green deciduous fruit ship
ments this year by the Southern Pacific Com
pany and, Its connections was of great beneSt
to the fruit growers of California. • The time
occupied in transit being materially reduced
greatly aided' distribution and by doing so in
creased its consumption. This has resulted in
restoring confidence In the minds of the grow
ers, who are again beginning to believe that
fruit growing in California, and upon a. much
larger scale than ever before, can be made to
pay a fair profit upon the labor and capital
invested, provided that the time " sched
ule agreed upon between the railroads
and the fruit growers, in May Jaat, will
be put into full force and effect by the rail
roads, the only, party to the agreement that has
the Dower to do so, and the elimination from
the business refrigerator cars that are owned
and controlled by private Interests. _" : :
"We believe that the private ownership and
control of refrigerator cars used for shipments
of California fruit to be inimical to tbe inter
ests of growers and shippers, as affording an
opportunity for discrimination and. favoritism.
■ All cars and other transportation facilities
should be owned and controlled in every par
ticular by the railroads, and all shippers
should have equal facilities and upon equal
terms. • -
We, therefore, in this public- way record our
earnest protest against the renewal or exten
sion of existing contracts with the refrigerator
lines now engaged in this traffic, or the mak
ing of any similar -contracts with any parties
whatsoever.' -r—
We make further" objection to the private
ownership and control of these refrigerator
cars as having the effect to maintain what we
consider excessive refrigeration ' rates.
We feel that the Southern Pacific Company
and the other roads that are engaged in carry
ing California fruit are entitled to the thanks
of the fruit growers of the State for their ef
forts to give an Improved and adequate service
In the transporation of our fruit, and we there
fore suggest that a vote of thanks be tendered
them by this convention for what they have
already done in the way of an improved serv
ice, thus showing that the fruit growers of Cal
ifornia realize and fully appreciate what has
been done In their interests.
V/illlam . Sproule; general freight agent
of the Southern Pacific Company, briefly
addressed the convention . detailing the
difficulties encountered during the year by
reason of the strike and the rush of travel
during the Epworth League Convention.
He said the outlook for better service
next' year was excellent, as new engines
were constantly being adde to the equip
ment. . ; ...
General N. P. Chipman presented a
lengthy report of the committee on the
olive. It was exhaustive in its nature and
very important to the industry. A request
will be made -to the State Board of Trade
requesting its early publication and dis
tribution. He was followed by C. A.
W&shburn ' Of Los Angeles, who read a
paper on ."The Evils of Present Methods
in Selling the Olive and the Remedy.". .
A. G. McAdie of the Weather Bureau
read a paper on "Frost Fighting," in
which he recommended the, smudging pro
cess as the- most feasible one. '
F.. F. Adams of Santa Cruz, offered the
following resolution, which was referred
to the committee: .; ■"■•■
Resolved, That this convention directs public
attention to the Importance of speedy and
thorough revision of the water laws of the
State, and that we respectfully urge Congress
to recognize the vigor and ability with which
irrigation Interests are now promoted under
great disadvantages by the Department of
Agriculture by providing and equipping in that
department a full bureau of Irrigation or agri
cultural engineering:.
Dr. Gustav Eisen at the evening session
read a papertm the fig,- dealing particu
larly with the process of caprification. He
was followed by George C. Roeding, of
the Fancher Creek Nursery, near Fresno,
which is the only place in the United
States where the genuine Smyrna figs p.re
grown on a commercial basis. He gave
an interesting account of the difficulty at
tending the procuring of the necessary
insects for caprifying.
"The Orange In Southern California"
was the title of the paper read by J. "W.
Jeffery. The paper prepared by D. H.
Murry, "The Orange in Northern Cali
fornia,"was read by Prof essor .E. J. Wick
son. Hon. Alden Anderson of Suisun read
a paper on "The Almond." The final
paper was "The Future of the Walnut"
by. F. E. Kellogg.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,phe" H"O Co's
\ IF you like Corn i
I Bread ask for
"Injun" and insist i
upon getting it. Don't X
take something else. / !
"Injun" is a novelty,
! ! there is nothing like
I i t, — s e 1 f -r a i s i n g : >
vk and easy to use — I
V inexpensive and I ,\
ft healthful— and guar- ///
\\\ anteed by ne^^
d§L H-O Company. Sk?
SPECIAL SALE
UPHOLSTERED
FUBNITUDE.
On Upholstered Parlor Suits,
Odd Chairs, Sofas, Rockers, etc.
Ghas. M. Plum & Go,,
1301-1307 Market Street.
World Famous Marian! Tonic
Restores the Vital Forces. Per-
fectly safe and reliable. It gives
strength and vigor to body, brain
and nerves. [•;>*"-
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes. '
•^ • :- ■ - -
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE
From San Francisco, daily, 9 A. M
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street.
Oppression, Suffocation, NenraJgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.^ POWDER
; Paris, J. BSPIC ; New York, E. FOUQEXA ft CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
\r— r ; : —
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
; The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
; Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases or the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Us own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market st. S. F.— (Send lor Circulars.)
I DR.PIERCES 1 ,
MEDICAL __j
B51SCOVEKV
; FOR THE J
I BLOOD,UVER.LUNGS.l
XJ-QTTQTJ17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
UKUbllliber^bootb.ac^.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paoar-
hangers, printers, painters, »no« factories, .
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS., .
Brush Manufacturers. 6O& Sacramento St
AM. T. HESS,
H0TABT PUBLIC AND ATTORHEY-AT-LAir. ;
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua Spreckels Bids,
Telephone Main 983.
Residence 8a California st., below Powell, ,
Residence Telephone James 1301.
/59k B IB B dt^ Ammunition. Pistols, Cut-
Hl t! infl t" l er >'. Carving Sets. Football.
H U u SthM Baseball. Athletic and Out-
H *B fl S W O^n lns Goo<ls for Holiday Trade.
W V i « V- 'gHHETE * BABBBa CO..
■ . ' ', 739 Market St >nd 511 S9»rny Bt
THE WEEKLY CALLJ
Si *>&r Year.MATIIUD^ UYVTTD eases peculiarly feminine. It establishes
IIIU 1 11 D U U flU U III regularity, dries the drains which weaken
women, heals inflammation and ulceration
— — — and cures female weakness. For young
A Time for Confidence and E^^S^^^T^
Counsel. tion of a perfect condition of feminine
health, ana also because it is free from
_. 4 . .... , . . • . alcohol, and contains no opium, cocaine,
When the children's hour is a thing of nor any other narcotic. Backache, head-
the far away past, because there are no ache, and the many ailments resulting
more little ones to have their evening from womanly diseases are entirely cured
frolic or bed-time story, the hour once by the use of "Favorite Prescription."
devoted to them becomes the mother's «I will drop you a few lines to-day to
hour. It is an hour m which the young let you know that I am feeling well now,"
. woman takes her old place at her moth- writes Miss Annie Stephens, of Belleville,
er s knee as she was wont when she Wood Co., W. Va. «I feel like a new
listened to the evening story. But now woman. I took several bottles of 'Fa-
she tells the story to the mother; the vorite Prescription' and 'Golden Med-
story of her day, her fears, her hopes, ical Discovery.' I have no headache
her ideals. Happy is that daughter who now, no backache, and no more pain in
can come to her mother as her best my side. No bearing down pain any
friend, as sure of her compassion as of her more. I think that there is no medicine
n like Dt - Pierce' medicine. I thank you
It is often so very different The very much for what you have done for
mother does not invite the shy confi- me — your medicine has done me so
dence of the growing girL She comes much good."
to womanhood and between her and her important to women.
f *^X=-5 — . — ... ' f— -- animations .and obnoxious
v^^*^ /^£^=~=~— — " a = :=^=r "=• local treatments, which of- j
— rr-"" fend the delicate sensibili-
ties of modest women.
is a barrier of reserve. Just Write without fear as without fee, to Dr.
a word of advice or counsel might R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
mean so much to a girl at a time so crit- Dr. Pierce's offer of free consultation
ical, but she shrinks from asking the by letter is not to be classed with the
question, and the mother refrains from spurious offers of free medical advice
opening the subject, though in the pal- made by men or. women who are not
lid cheeks and dark rimmed eyes she physicians and cannot legally practise
reads, the signs of woman's suffering. medicine. Such advice is not only worth-
the -n-eed ov heu less ' btlt mav ** dangerous.
THE 3CEED OF HELP. In & j.^ Qver ycaT& Dj . R v
There is a real need of help for the Pierce, chief consulting physician to the
young woman. Neglect may pave the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
way for years of suffering. The dawn Buffalo, N. Y., assisted by his staff of
of womanhood is one of the crises of a nearly a score of physicians, has treated
woman's life, and every care should be and cured hundreds of thousands of weak
taken to prevent or cure derangjements and sick women.
which may have serious results in later The offer of Dr. Pierce puts at the J'ree
life. service of women, not merely medical
* A heart overflowing with gratitude as advice, but the advice of a successful
well as a sense of duty urges me to write soecialist in the treatment and cure oi
to ron and tell you. ofiny wonderful re- diseases peculiar to women.
covery," says iliss Torinne C Hook, Sometimes a dealer tempted by the
Orangeburg, Orangeburg Co., S. Caro- little more profit paid by less meritorious
lina, (care of J. EL Hook). w By the use preparations, will offer a substitute for
of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription I "Favorite Prescription "claiming it to be
era entirely a new being compared to the "just as pood." It is not wise or safe to
poor miserable sufferer who wrote you trifle with unknown, medicines. Insist
four months ago. I remark to my par- on * Favorite Prescription " the medicine
ents almost every day that it seems al- which has won the confidence of women
* most an impossibility for medicine to do by its almost countless cures.
wh^n^erTtufr^arce 1 ?^^ «™ *° — — •
to walk abo^t the house, and yesterday I Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
walked four miles and felt better from Adviser, an invaluable guide to health,
the exercise. I now weigh 125 pounds. is sentjfrw on receipt of stamps to pay
I read in vonr book of testimonials where expense of mailipg only.
a lady said Dr. Pierce's medicines were "I think that your 'Adviser* is a fine
a * Thousand pounds of comfort,' please boolc," writes Miss Flora I. Greer, of 107
let me add one thousand pounds more to Howe St., Akron, Ohio, "and a book that
iL Mine was a case of complicated it- every one should own. If more girls
male disease in its worst form. would read it instead of trashy novels
■ My sincerest thanks for all you bare there would be healthier women and
done for me and a hearty ' God bless children than there are to-day."
you.' * Send 31 one-cent stamps for the doth-
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is bound volume or only 21 stamps for the
the most valuable and reliable put-up book in paper-covers. Address Dr. B.
medicine ever offered for the cure of dis- V. Pierce, Buffalo, K. Y.
BEBEL'S SENSATIONAL
SPEECH IN REICHSTAG
BERLIN. Dec. 5.— The most Insignificant
looking: man in the Reichstag. Herr Bebel.
broke its didactic monotony to-day and
lifted the tariff debate to emotional levels.
Hcrr Bebel ppoke to breathless galleries.
He often provoked his opponents, but
sometimes he even enthralled them.
The wasjn-maker is diminutive in body
and has a large head. Pulling at his
pointed chin whiskers he took the tribune
after the peasant larmer, Herr Nissen,
and as the representative of 2,800,000 voters
he lodged the Sociahst protest against the
"hunder duties." as he called the tariffs
on grain. The man seemed to grow bodily
as he warmed up to his work. He spoke,
as always, with astonishing ease and ra
pidity oi utterance. His tuneful voice, in
stead of growing hoarser as the speech
was prolonged, on the contrary grew more
melodious. Herr Itebel said there were
two nations in the German state, "the
plunderers and the plundered."
"The Imperial Chancellor. Count von
Bulow. spoke for the former; I am
speaking for the latter. Fifteen per cent
of the German people are engaged In agri
culture. The Chancellor said the remain
ing bo per cent were engaged In other oc
cupations and that 72 per cent of these
latter were industrialist". Only one-ninth
cl the grain is Imported.
"Agriculture in Germany might be
/m rOlv
STRICTLY RELIABLE
IX THE TAK-IOTTS FORMS OF GENERATj
debility and oonval*»cence following certain
Ciaeaset such ie the lowered standard of th«
vital processes that the function of no organ
Is perfectly performed, and with the _re-
Fulttng depression the patient ha« a REALi
tvejLknees. The physician* a first thought, under
these conditions, is nerve and other tonics.
Not Weakness-
Symptoms !
Bt far the ereater number of patients, how-
ever, seekinr relief for eo-called "Weakness-
Is furnished by healthy and robust men. On
examination, we find a Prostate Gland which
lias been damaged by either a contracted dis-
order cr early dissipation. Theae patients hav«
no weafcnees at all.. Prematurenest. Loes of
Vitality etc.. are tbe symptoms, or disordered
function.- of the chronically Inflamed prostat*
Inland. We find by curing this Inflammation
that full vigor at once returns. It should be
understood that tonics, electricity, etc, might
cure a real weaknesi, but trould do harm In
inflammation. The main ©bj'ict Is to reduce
the eizo of the tender, swtrflin and Inflamed
jjrortate- This we accomplish by local treat-
ment, thus avoiding drugs. Men who have un-
«■-■ ceesfully treated for a weakness should now
vjAaAerstand the cause of failure. - We send free
c: application a colored chart al the organs
'which will be found useful In horn* diagnosis
end Interesting to all wishing to study th«
anatomy of the male. *
Offices and Hospital, estlr* upptr floor.
Dr, taicott, 997 Marnet bu.cor. (ith
called prosperous. Tho late Dr. von Mi
qui-l, former Minister of Finance, in an
ottlcial declaration three years ago eaid
German agriculture was prosperous. The
Prussian crown knows it is prosperous,
because It is now Investing 3,000,000 marks
in new agricultural holdings. The reduc
tion of farm mortgage foreclosures of re
cent years showed that agriculture was
better off than previously and the value
of lands has increased during the last cen
tury. . «
"This bill is intended, not for the better
ment of the farm laborer, but for the bet
terment of the landlord. It any landlord
is not getting on well now it is because
of large hunting: parties, gambling; well
filled wine cellars, sons In crack cavalry
regiments and town houses In Berlin."
At this point In Herr Bebel's speech
Graf von Kardorff, one of the greatest
land magnates, laughed jeeringly.
"Yes," continued Herr Bebel. "That is
the -way with you fellows. You lay taxes
upon the poor and when it i3 proved to
you that they are unnecessary you laugh.
But the world's history rolls on over you
regardlessly."
Foments Insurrection.
Later Graf von Arnlm, another great
agrarian leader, scornfully Interrupted
Herr Bebel while the latter was relating
an incident of a Prussian schoolgirl who
wanted to go to heaven because there was
no hunger there. Upon this occurrence
the Socialist members of the Reichstag
rushed In | a body toward the Conserva
tive side of the chamber, shouting "Or
der!" Interruptions of all sorts were then
made. These showed the rising temper
of the house. The President of the Reich
stag frequently rang his bell .or called
'Herr Bebel and the other members of all
the political groups to order. Herr Bebel.
Inspired by the tempestuous temper of
the house, exclaimed:
"This bill foments Insurrection. The
Chancellor aims to overturn social order.
We shall do our utmost to send this bill to
Hades and we only regret we cannot send
Its authors and abettors there also."
Baron von Rhelnbaben, the Prussian
Minister of Finance, advised Her Bebel
that if the Social Democrats stirred up
rebellion the Government assured them
they would reap a harvest of broken
heads. This was greeted with cheers on
the Right and laughter on the Left. Herr
Moeller, the Minister of Commerce, said
he regarded the new tariff as an effective
weaoon in the hands of the Government
to force to a conclusion favorable com
mercial treaties. ! \ .;.' :
STAGE FALLS AND DEATH
CLAIMS ONE PASSENGER
MADERA, Dec. 5.— A telephone message
received here this morning- from Salt
Springs, In this county, gives a meager
account of an accident to the stage which
left the Sugar Pine Mills yesterday. It
is reported that Ed Stevens, a saloon
keeper, was killed and S. Alderson, store
keeper at tbe mills; Ed Ray, and a wo
man whose name was not given were se
riously injured. ,
The accident took place on the road be
tween Coarse Gold and Fresno Flats last
night shortly after dark. At the point
where the stage upset there Is a precipi
tous fall of fifty feet.
A Deputy Coroner and Dr. A. H. Byars
left to-day for the scene./ 1 Stevens, the
man reported killed, is a nephew of John
Stevens, guardian of the Yosemite Val
ley. The stage was driven by Alex Dus
thelmer- of Madera and was making- Its
last trip from the mill for the season.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRID AX, DECEMBER 6, 1901.
SENATORS TALK
ABOUT ANARCHY
McComas Says Impoten
cy of Federal Laws Is
Humiliating.
Hoar Advocates the Isolation
of All Followers of No-
Government, Doctrine.
WASHINGTON, Dec. S.-^enator Mc-
Comas of Maryland made "" an" extended
and carefully prepared speech in the Sen
ate to-day with anarchy as his theme,
and was followed by some brief remarks
by Hoar of Massachusetts on the difficul
ties in the way of dealing with anarchial
associations. The Senate passed a bill ex
tending the life of the Industrial Com
mission until February 15 next, to com
plete the work it now has in hand. 4
The announcement that Senator Mc-
Comas would inaugurate the discussion
on the suppression of anarchy and an
archists filled the Senate galleries with a
goodly number of- spectators. Before :he
routine business was taken up' Hale of
Maine secured the adoption of a resolu
tion that when the Senate adjourns to
day it be until next Monday. The heavy
Influx of petitions, bills, etc., continued,
much time being taken up in their formal
reception. -T. ' . ..:.-..-
Penrosa*(Pennsylvania) very favorably
reported jrom the Committee on Educa
tion and Labor the bill continuing the
Industrial Commission until February 15
in order that it may close up work now
in hand and secure immediate considera
tion for the measure. The bill was
passed. '- **
Senator McComas' Speech.
McComas was then recognized in sup
port of his bill introduced yesterday pro
viding the death penalty for assaults upon
the President or for inciting, advising or
procuring such assaults.
The Senator spoke of the dangerous
spread of anarchy. President Carnot,
Prime Minister Canovas, the Empress of
Austria, King Humbert and President
McKinley having been foully assas
sinated by anarchists within the last
sevn years. It was humiliating, ho
said, to consider the -. lmmpotency
of our federal laws to punish this
fearful crime. The Senator spoke of the
revolutionary propaganda under the guid
ing hand of Herr Most and the Ninili«t
Hartmann and the formation since W88
of anarchist groups. Congress must now
legislate aginst this peril with courage,
firmness, conservatism and prudence. The
constitutional power of Congress to deal
with the subject was discussed at length
and supported by numerous references to
the Supreme Court decisions.
McComas further urged the exclusion
and deportation of anarchists, the amend
ment of the immigration and naturaliza
tion laws and the negotiation of treaties
with foreign powers permitting the extra
dition of those charged with anarchistic
offenses. In the course of his speech the
Senator argued that international comity
called for action on our part to suppress
the origin of plots in this country against
foreign rulers.
Would Isolate Anarchists.
At the conclusion of Senator McComas
remarks Hoar of " Massachusetts spoke
briefly along the same lines. He said
that while he heartily agreed with much
that had been said, yet the great diffi
culty in all these cases of assassination
was that the assassin was willing and
anxious to give up his life. Fear of death
did not in any way deter the assassin.
Such was the case with the assassin of
William of Orange, who welcomed the
torture inflicted upon him. Every assas
sin of a foreign ruler had expected early
and certain death. The multiplication of
punishment for the act itself, therefore,
would accomplish little. Much good
might be accomplished in limiting the
circulation • of fanatical doctrines. But
the Senator believed that a much mow
effective remedy could be secured if by
common consent of all civilized nations
some tract of land somewhere upon tho
earth's surface, hemmed in from the
outer world, could be set aside for the
confinement of those who counseled the
killing of rulers or the overthrow of
governments.
"L«et the anarchists have an object les
son." the Senator said, "and let the world
have an object lesson. Let there be a
little circulation of anarchy Into the an
archist himself, and lot him have nn an
archistic government amonjf his follow
ers."
Hoar said banishment would bo a
proper punishment under the constitu
tion, and If all nations would agree that
•very nuch person be sent to a spot where
there was no government it would be an
effective remedy. Certainly tho anarchist
could not complain, for In being trnnv
ported to a plnee of no Rovenunent he
would have realized his Eutopia.
McCnman' resolution was then laid
aclde for discussion later.
The presiding: officer announced the.
following Senators as the committee to
act with the committee from the Houses
to consider by what token of respect Con
frress may express Its deep senslbilttv at
the death of the late President McKln-
Foraker. Allison. Fairbanks, Kean,
Aldrlch, Nelson, Perkins, Jones of Ar
kansas, Morgan, Cockrell and McEnery.
A message was received from the Pres
ident responsive to the Senate resolution
transmitting the letters of Jefferson to
Madison and Monroe on the subject of
annexation of Cuba.
At 2:30 tho Senate went Into executive
session, and at 3:45 o'clock adjourned un
til Mondav.
Bark Baroda Still on Shore.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 5.— A dispatch
from Marshfleld this afternoon says that
the British bark Baroda, which went
ashore last August near Bandon. is still
hard aground. It was expected that sho
would be floated Monday, but her posi
tion on the beach has not changed. The
recent storm did no damage to her hull.
2d Edition.
First Across
the Continent
By Noah Brooks.
20 illustrations by Yohn, Frost, Seton-
Thompson, and others.
Tbe first concise and accurate account of
the first exploration of our Great West, de-
tailing largely In their own words the famous
adventures of •
LEWIS and CLARK.
"A popular account, to interest readers
young and old. of the earliest expedition con-
ducted by white men across the continent of
North America." — The Outlook.
$1.5O
(postage 18 cents).
A new and spirited
writer for boys,
The Outlaws of
Horseshoe Hole
A story of the Montana Vigilantes.
By Francis Hill. ,;»»
Illustrated by
RUFUS F. ZOGBAUM.
$1.OO net
(postage 13 cents).
CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS,
New York.
DUTCH GO VERNMENT STRIVES
TO HUSH THE ROYAL SCANDAL
w , ONDON, Dec. 6.— The Dutch Government and the Dutch court are again strenuously denying the stories of
Eg . _ matrimonial quarrels between Queen Wilhelmina and the Prince Consort, but the scandal has become too pub-
O lie for. any hope of . hushing it up to- remain. According to some reports, a reconciliation between the Queen
H J. and Prince Henry, was effected largely through the influence of Emperor William and the Queen mother,
A—^ who, in order to preserve an appearance of concord, even paid the Prince Consort's debts.
The Dutch Ministers at foreign courts continue to aver that the couple live in "an Ideal happy union"
And "are devotedly attached to each other," etc. . ~ .<
- AMSTERDAM, Dec. 5.— With the view of allaying public indignation and excitement, semi-official intimations have
been circulated to the effect that Queen Wilhelmina has forgiven her husband, Prince Henry of The Netherlands, the^
suggestion ' being that the public ought to follow suit.
Since Prince Henry returned to Het-Loo the Queen and he have been dining together 'and gradually resuming
normal relations. Yesterday they walked together and afterward drove in the castle park. The relations between
Prince Henry and the members of the court are, however, very strained. The former cordiality has been replaced by
an attitude of frigid politeness on the part of the Prince Consort and apparently the gentlemen of the court are
equally indisposed to gloss over recent occurrences.
UNION WORKMEN MEET AND DISCUSS
MEASURES OF INTEREST TO LABOR
President Gompers Reviews the Recent Big Strikes and Favors
the Re-enactment of a Strong Exclusion Law.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 5.— Two hundred
and eighty-five delegates; ' representing
more : than a million and_ a half work
men, responded to the "roTlcail at the
opening session of the twenty-first annual
convention of the American Federation of
Labor, which was called to order by
President Samuel Gompers in St. Thomas'
College Hall at 10:30 o'clock this morn
ing. . The convention is said to be the
largest congress of workmen ever held in
this country. Organization, settlement of
questions involving contested seats .and
the reading of the annual report of the
president, secretary and treasurer took
up the -entire session of the convention.
During the course of the day there was
one surprise sprung on the delegates and
one important decision was aiso made.
The surprise came in the form oi an ob
jection to the seating oi the united Alinu
Workers' aeiegates uecause oi an alleged
error in their per capita-: tax. The mo
tion was overruled by an almost unani
mous vote of the delegates.
The most important question decided
related to the contested seat of the dele
gate Irom the Central J^aDor Union of
Richmond, " Va., whicn boay refused to
admit negro workmen to its organiza
tion. The dispute was adjusted by seat
ing the Central Labor Union representa
tive and instructing the executive board
of the American 'Federation of Liabor to
form a strong: central union for colored
men. . ■ ■
Contest Over Coal Miners' Seats.
When the names of the delegates rep
resenting the United Mine Workers of
America were- reached on the rollcall a
stir was caused by C. L. Shamp of Chi
cago, international secretary-treasurer of
the Brotherhood of Stationary *Mremea,
objecting to their being seated. He main
tained that the mine workers were not
entitled- to representation in the conven
tion because the epr capita tax of $4009
had not been paid to the federation.
President Mitchell of the mine workers
replied that his organization was nut
asking for special privileges, several
thousand of its members were on strike
almost continually for the past • two
years, and he said he had asked the ex
ecutive board to remit the levy because
the miners had paid an assessment of
$5000 for the aid of the machinists. He
said if the committee decided that his
organization was in arrears, he would im
mediately draw a check for the amount
due: The matter went no further, and by
an almost unanimous vote the coal min
ers' representatives were seated.
The negro question came before the
convention in the shape of a report of the
committee on credentials. William H.
Seal was elected by the Central Labor
Union of Richmond, Va., to represent it
at the convention.
It appears that the Richmond central
body refused to admit to membership
negro workmen belonging to colored to
bacco workers' unions In Richmond.
Henry Fischer, president of the National
Tobacco Workers' Union, was Instructed
by tho two local colored unions of Rich
mond to oppose the seating of Seal on
the ground that the organization he rep
resented drew the color line. The com
mittee heard both aides and, recommend
ed that Seal be seated, and also recom
mended that the executive bonrrt of the
American Federation of Lnbor be In
structed to form a separate negro central
union In Richmond. The recommenda
tions were accepted by the convention
without opposition.
Gompcrs Reports on the Strikes.
The reading of the nnniml' report of
President (tempers consumed three hours.
Secretary Morrison's report nnrt that of
Troasurcr John' U. Lcnnon wero also read.
They wore referred to committee*, and at
6 p. m, the convention adjourned until 3
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Gompers' report shows tin Increase of
311 local unions for the year and u k;Uu
of 364,410 members. From imtlon.il and
International unions and the federation
direct there were Issued 4066 charters for
newly formed unions, and charters Bur
rendered or unions disbanded numbered
1150. On October 31 last there were affili
ated with the federation 81 national and
International unions. 321 city central labor
unions, 20 State federations of labor, 730
local trades unions and 399 federal labor
GENERAL DIAZ
NOW IN PANAMA
Surrenders to General
Alban and Signs the
Peace Papers.
COLON, Dec. 5 (via Galveston).— The
following message was delayed by the
Colombian censor: General Alban, wear
ing his uniform and accompanied by a
bodyguard of soldiers, left Panama yes
terday to receive the surrender of the
Liberal General Domingo Diaz. The two
generals met at Girgora. station, on the
railroad, and^returned to Empire station,
where the peace papers were signed. .
General Diaz, wtih about eighty fol
lowers and, accompanied by General Al
ban, reached Panama at 6 o'clock yes
terday evening. General Alban conducted
the Liberal leader, who still -wore the
Liberal emblem, a red ribbon, around his
hat, to a carriage and drove with him to
his family house In Panama.
All persons here unite in agreeing that
Alban is not only a brave general, but a
true gentleman as well.
That part of the Conservative forces
under General Alban which was dis
patched to Agua Dulce has not yet re
turned. It is surmised this expedition is
in pursuit of the Liberal general, Vic
toriano Lorenzo, but there is absolutely
no information as to whether these two
forces have become engaged. • . * .
It is rumored In Panama that 200 Lib
erals from Tumaco have landed in the
department of Panama to reinforce the
command . of General Belizarlo Porras.
The Conservative Government is in no
way disturbed at this rumor.
Since yesterday all trains have been
running across the isthmus without es
cort of American marines. Both ends of
the isthmus are quiet.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— Dr. Carlos
Martinez Sllva, the Colombian Minister
to Washington, called at the State De
partment to-day to see Secretary Hay,
this being his first visit to the depart
ment since his return from the pan-
American Conference at the City of
Mexico. Dr. Silva feels that he has good
ground for the belief that the unsettled
state of affairs in his country is now to
give way to a general return of peace
and prosperity. ../x. -., .•■
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. Dec. ■ 5.— The' second
day's session of the Episcopal Missionary Con
ference opened with a conference on the prin
ciples and methods of administration.
unions. There were four strikes of a
general character during the year. About
these the report says:
That of the river and dock workers of San
Francisco was a distinct victory- The purpose
for which the strike of the Amalgamated As
sociation of Steel and Iron Workers was in
augurated was not achieved, and it was ter
minated upon conditions Ies3 advantageous
than perhaps could- have been obtained. Ow
ing to the widespread interest this strike
aroused, a large number of Iron and steel
workers employed by other companies than
the corporation against which the strike was
inaugurated have been organized under the
Jurisdiction of the Amalgamated Association.
The hope is entertained, too, that the day is
near at hand when every one employed at the
various branches of industry are coming;
under the jurisdiction of the Amalgamated
Association may be enrolled as a member pre
pared to defend and promote the interests of
the entire craft, and to further the great
cause for which we unite and federate, the
cause of human Justice. Officers of the In
ternational Association of Machinists report
that their strike has very largely succeeded In
establishing the nine-hour rule in that trade.
They claim the settlements reached have
given 60.000 machinists a shorter workday,
15,000 others are affected by compromises
reached, • and 75,000 machinists will receive an
average of 25 cents a day Increase In wages.
The report notes a growing tendency to
agreements in industry. To create a de-
In buying clothes there is more to be considered than the quality of the
materials. The cloth must of necessity be good, but a great deal depends upon
the workmanship. If the clothes are made right they have a proper style and fin-
ish, and, what's more, a garment that hangs correctly and fits perfectly will retain
its shaps and wear well, thus bringing out all the good features of the material.
Our $9 sack suits and overcoats are made by us from good quality all-wool
materials. The work is done by union labor, which insures good workmanship;
and as you buy direct from us, the makers, you save all the middleman's profits
and keep this amount an absolute saving for. yourself .
We know that our clothing is made right, and we sell it to you on the money-
back plan to convince you of the values and protect you in your purchase. ;
Suits , Overcoats
Made of serges, cheviots, tweeds and worsteds of solid Made of black or Oxford gray cheviots, blue kerseys
colors and fancy patterns; all wool; fast colored; our and tan cwerts; swell, stylish coats; well made -and
' price, fashionably cut; our price,
. ... . . ~
gv Sale of Youths'
/ifflllp' twwWa Our boys' and youths' immense department on the second /Pnit^L^I^V
M IBS fS Wi fl oor is worthy of the attention of every mother-she ought >f^f»l5SxSiSl 1 '
# Mil lfeS\ TO to know about our big stock and about the low prices -.at /^ffli'jilflff
ils/lfei iwlllllft W The pr£es°are reduced on these youths' suits with the in- .fti^^fegffl |'^^\
Ml lillfl mention of attracting mothers, arid, in fact, the youn* men >i|i|| |Mf
iWlJwl l«ttv\fMn4 themselves. The suits are tweeds and cheviots in single and 1 Vt-wJr*'
wlw ( (S^lii double breasted styles: ages 12 to 19 years; the values are
IStRf $I ° to $IS; the sale price is ;? ® ' ■ ■ " B I wp'
tmMiMftWjl Boys' knee pants, made of remnants from our tailoring T^t^'t^'w
lJrM'rHifn-5 department: actual values $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50; we charge . p .MiM'S
- llliiij I'lflli I you or t * ae ma^i n S only. oOc a pair. V| j "l^^Sf
llvlj/ illll 'if .Elegant assortment of golf and yacht caps for 23c. 1|jV Ss'ii'if
XwW |Y|t|j Boys' fedora hats in the popular colors, OOc. ' yj Wki
If IH till Boys' sweaters in all shades; ages 4 to 12; extra value at V;. |j t/
'Hi 111 Wouf d you like a copy of our illustrated catalogue, "What to Wear?" |i. ff ; f
fense fund, it recommends changing the
federation's constitution so as to admit
of a larger assessment and the levy by
the executive council • early in the year
of a portion of the assessment provided,
so that a fund may be at the disposition
at any time in the interests of any of the
affiliated organizations engaged in a pro
tracted struggle which they could not
singly support. It also recommends au
thorizing a committee to meet with tha
representatives of the Western Federa
tion of Miners looking to their affiliation.
The report denounces the employment ct
young children and contends for greater
organization among women workers.
Gompers says he has arranged an
active campaign for the re-enactment of
the Chinese exclusion act, and expresses
surprise at the patience of the Pacific
Coast organizations in submitting to a
state of affairs so horrible and degrad
ing. He arraigns Chinese immigrants as
lowering- American standards.
Treasurer Lennon's report showed an
income of $126,522, expenses $118,708; total
funds at hand $8814.
Secretary Morrison's rep'ort shows that
the total number of strikes of all kinds
reported aggregated 1056. in which 153,505
members wete benefited and 12,707 were
not benefited 1 . Their total cost was
$548,003. « ,-':.
CROWD WATCHES
A SUICIDE DIE
Tacoma Man Ends His
Life in a Spectacular
Manner.
Drinks Carbolic Acid at the
Street Window of a
Hotel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec 5.— The suicide to-day of
J. I* McAllister at the Grand Central
Hotel was" spectacular in the extreme. Ha
had apparently, studied how he might kill
himself in such a manner that his death
struggle would be witnessed by the larg
est possible number of people.
Purchasing a bottle of carbolic acid at
a drug store he walked across Pacific
avenue- and entered the hotel. As he
swallowed the contents of the bottle he
seated himself in a chair in front of the
large plate-glass windows facing the ave
nue. The hotel floor is raised two or three
feet and the view from without was as if
looking on a stage. »
McAllister struggled with death for
forty minutes and then died in.
the chair he had picked out and before
the gaze of fully 200 curious people. Within
two minutes after seating himself his
actions indicated that something was
wrong. The hotel clerk and others began
rushing to and fro in an effort to secure
doctors and save his life. These excited
movements quickly attracted the atten
tion of passers-by and within ten minutes
the crowd had gathered. ■ Many stood on
their tiptoes and gazed while the physi
cians were pouring olive oil down the suf
fering man's throat.
McAllister was about 40 years old and
had apparently been in ill-health. His
clothes contained but 60 cents. His rela
tives reside at Muncie. Ind.
Miner Falls on the Blast.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 5.— Last -night John
Gerlach, a miner on the night shift at
the Lone Star mine in the Wedekind dis
trict, put in three blasts at the bottom of
the shaft, touched a match to the fuse
and started up the ladder to get out of
the way of the explosion. When about
forty feet from the bottom he lost his
hold on the ladder anfifell to the bottom
and was immediately over one of the>
blasts when it went off. He died this
morning.
34
CAPTAIN TRIBBLE SAYS "PORT";
M'KENZIE SAYS "STARBOARD"
Skippers Do Not Agree in Giving Testimony at 1 Investi
gation Into Wreck of San Rafael.
CAPTAIN OF THE ILL-FATED FERRY-BOAT SAN RAFAEL TELLS THE STORY OF- THE SINKING OF HIS
BOAT BY THE SAUSALITO TO THE UNITED STATES INSPECTORS OF STEAM VESSELS WHO ARE CON
DUCTIXG AN INVESTIGATION. ' ' '
THE investigation into the wreck
of the San Rafael on last Satur
day night has commenced and a
disagreement between her cap-
tain and that of the Sausalito as
to signals has already developed. Cap
tain J. T. McKenzie of the sunken vessel
says the warning whistle came from the
starboard side. Captain "\V. T. Tribble
gays he heard the signal on his port bow.
On the dense fog the blame for the wreck
is placed, and the United States Inspec
onl of Steam Vessels will pronounce
Judgment.
The Investigation into the cause of the
wreck began .yesterday before Inspectors
O. F. Bolles and J. K, Bulger in the Ap
praiser's building. Captain McKenzie
end Mate Johnson of the wrecked San
Rafael and Captain Tribble of the Sausa
lito told their stories of the calamity
Many other witnesses will be called.
The discrepancy in the testimony of the
two captains lies in the statements as to
the direction of the fog whistles and as
to the signals just prior to, the collision.
McKenzie's report and declaration under
oath holds fast to the statement that he
heard the whistles of the Sausalito on hi3
starboard bow. Tribble, who directed the
movements of the Sausalito on the fate
ful night is just as sure that the San
Kaiael told its warning in the fog from
its port bow, and thus the controversy
begins between the North Pacific Coast
Railroad Company's ferry-boat captains
Besides the two captains, the mate and
the two inspectors there were present at
A Good Hearted
Man,
** or in" other words,' men with
good .sound hearts, are not very
numerous. The increasing
number of sudden deaths from
heart disease
ided by the $ &Mk
press, is proof JPaS.- M*£&*
of the alarm- <^\ffi
ing preva- $P
lence of this j^^%«/y^^
complaint, jgSdSa^^k
and as no one <^W\^^ J7
can foretell ||§gf &r \^^
just, when a
fatal collapse J# A * Kreamer.
will occur, the danger of neg-
lecting treatment is certainly a
very risky matter. If you are
short of breath, have pain in
left side, smothering spells, pal-
pitation, unable to lie on side,
especially the left, you should
begin taking
MUeV Heart Cure.
J. A. Kreamer of Arkansas City, Kan&,
says: "My heart was so bad it was im-
possible for me to lie down, and I could
neither sleep nor rest My decline was
rapid, and I realized I most get help
Boon. I was advised to try Dr. Miles'
Heart Core, which I did, and candidly
believe it saved my life." '-
Dr. Miles' Remedies ' are sold
by all druccUta en guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
the investigation J. B. Stetson, 'Harry N.
Stetson, his son and attorney; Milton An
dros, the maritime lawver, and a num
ber of bay sailors.
McKenzie told his story first. The old
captain is hard of hearing and soft of
voice. The questions were shouted into
his ears and he rattled off the answers
like a youngster full of energy and en
thusiasm. He heard all the fog whistles
and signals without repetition, he said,
but sometimes the questions had to be
repeated. His testimony was corrobo
rated in the main by his mate, Johnson.
One thing that developed in the exam
ination was that no regular course was
rollowed, -either in going to or coming
from Sausalito. The east end of Alcatraz
Island was the point which both boats
used for the determination of the inner
or the outer course.
Whichever one made it first chose" its
own going and whistled the opposite to
the. other. Johnson made a positive state
ment that the Sausalito was not In its
customary course. He said that "if the
Sausalito had continued in the- way she
was steaming when the collision occurred
she would have hit the Powell-street
wharf.
Captains File Reports.
Following is the report of Captain
Tribble, filed with the Inspectors:
I left Sausalito in command of the Sausalito
at 6:10 Saturday evening, . November 30, 1901.
The weather;was foggy but I considered it safe
to proceed. AVe passed Aleatraz on the east
erly side and I shaped my course for Lombard
street wharf. The fog, after passing Alcatraz
became very thick and we proceeded at a rate
barely fast enough to keep our steerage way.
J heard the San Rafael on my port bow. I
heard her sound two whistles. I Immediately
put my helm to starboard .and. knowing- she
was on my port, I rang for full speed astern
\\e struck the San Rafael on her starboard
Mde, Just forward of the wheel.
The two boats were lashed together and pas
sengers helped from the San Rafael to the
Sausalito. Immediately after we struck some
passengers jumped from the San Rafael Into
the water. Our boats were lowered and -picked
up those who Were not lifted to the deck.
After we thought we had picked up e^ ery one
we had our lifeboats circle around for nearly
an hour.
I can in no way blame Captain McKenzie br
myself for the accident. Kvery precaution was
taken to- guard against an 1 accident and my
only explanation is that' in a fog of "the char
acter of the one on the bay on Saturday night
signals are sometimes misleading as to distance
and direction. Respectfully.
\V. T. TRIBBLE.
Captain McKenzie's report reads
I have to inform you that we left San Fran
ctsco at-6:25 p. m., with the steamer San
Rafael.- We backed out. and had to make a
round ti:rn. There were a number of steam
ers blowing whistles near our slip. We had to
stop for one Email Steamer to pass while .niak-.
Ing the turn. When ' abreast of Broadway
wharf we met the steamer Tiburon. We then
Fhaped our course for Lombard-street to catch
the bell. We passed Lombard street bell at 6:3tf
p. m. and shaped our course for Alcatraz Isl
and, running only at sufficient speed • to - keep
steerage way all the time. After we got be
yond Lombard-street wharf there was a Very
heavy fog and a strong ebb running. We had
been running for three or four minutes on this
course when we heard the Sausalito's whistle
on our starboard bow. I sounded two whistles
to go to port and put my helm hard a-star
board. .» •- • , . .
Blows Three Blasts.
Almost immediately I heard the Sausalito's
whistle very near and almost ahead. I then
rang one bell to stop the engine, blew three
blasts of the whistle to let them know I had.
stopped, and immediately rang two bells to
back, so as to stop the htadway of the boat The
first thing that we saw was the Sausalito' boat
coming on our starboard bow toward the San
Rafael Just forward of the wheelhouse in the.
restaurant. She stove a hole in the hull, caus
ing the water to rush in.. Charles Johnson,
who is mate, was at the wheel in the pllot
iiouse with me. I told him to go down into the
hold of the steamer and report what damage
had been done. He reported that a large hole
had been made in the hull. I gave orders to
lower the forward boats. The crew did bo. :
I then sang out to Captain Tribble of the Sau
salito to come ahead with his boat and to throw
us a line, so the boats could be lashed to-
Retner. He -did so and I ordered all the passen
gers to get aboard the Sausalito. They did so'
as fast as they could. I then went down on to
the lower deck, where I found the cook looking,
for his money. I ordered him above and told
?^~°. eet "°? i he other »oat.-I looked Into
the restaurant, but saw no one. Then I went
above tp the ladies' saloon deck and ordered
them all out, and when they had all left and I
it n re ,?° one was on the boat I went by
the wheelhouse on .. the hurricane deck and
&e e i d ienflo^ er **' JUSt befOre th * Ban
Everything possible was done by myself and
crew to save the lives of the passengers, and
yHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1901.
as far as we could ascertain at the time there
were none missing.
We had fears of the stewan!, as he was very
badly hurt, and the last I saT»- of him was in
charge of the barkeeper and a deckhand, who
were trying to get him aboard the Sausalito.
J. T. McKBNZIE.
McKenzie Cross-Examined.
Captain McKenzie's report was received
by Inspector Bulger and then the cross
examination began by Inspector Bolles.
".Were you blowing your regular, fog
whistles after the turn?" asked Bolles. i
We were," was the answer.
Captain McKenzie thought from the
way he was shaping his course the Sausa-
M would pass him oa the starboard
"Who was steering?" continued
tor Bolles. ■ - - -• ■■-. ■
"Mate Johnson," replied the captain.
k n Wa r i ls^ e ?i nsr and stand »ng by the
bells I had the compass in front of me.
The boat was straight and the whistles
were sounded regularly." wnisties
"What was the first sound you heard?"
"The fog signal almost three or four
points on my starboard bow " ■ •
," H S^. man y times did you' hear the
"The first time I heard it I blew three
whistles and the second time I stonned
the engines. . The first time I reversed
the engines. 1 1 gave no more whistles un
til I saw the lights in front' of the other
boat. » T <•
"At about what angle did the Sausalito
strike your vessel?" ' ;
"About three points "on the starboard
slde.'V
Captain Tribble Testifies.
Captain Tribble. of ; the Sausalito fol
lowed Captain McKenzie on the stand
His report was read and then came th'e
cross-examination.
"How was the fog in regard to dens
ity?" ,was the- first question.
•'Very thick," was the answer.
"Did you see the light at Alcatraz?"
"No. I heard the two bells. I thought
I was about 1200 feet off the east end of
the island." . ' v
"At about what speed were you run
ning?" ;7 r *
"About three-quarters, until the east
end of Alcatraz, when 1 slowed down. I
heard nothing until . Alcatraz was passed
from other vessels." \
"Did you get a good echo from your
whistle?"
"Yes. I passed the east end of the isl
and at 6;36. I know, for I always record
it. The way we always run is if the boat
from Sausalito gets to- the east end of
the island first we go inside, but ff the
city boat gets there first we blow two
whistles and go out." • ;
"How. were you steering this night?"
"Southeast half-east, & little more v to
the southern end. to give him a chance to
pass far to the right and get the. echo
from Telegraph Hill. It was a- big ebb
tide, which was a little on the port bow
I was heading pretty well- into the tide'
which runs pretty straight, and so I did
not think we would drift."
"When did you first hear the San Ra
fael's whistle?" ' - • ' ' ' •
"Some time before the. collision, and it
sounded on the port bow about half a
point. I heard the whistle :■- five or six
times before I heard the: signal. All this
time I was, going under a slow bell and
kept blowing the whistle all the time
Her eignal of two whistles was on the
port bow. I was- heading for the end 'of
Lombard street, and felt sure that in go
ing to the right. I would. clear. him."
"How long was it after you heard the
signal of the San Rafael that you came
together?" asked. Inspector Bulger. . •
"Not more than a minute," was the re
ply. -••' ■■ ■> •■■ .'■■■ ■ :
"The first time you heard the fog
whistle,. If you had - put- the wheelhard
down, you would have cleared her. would
you not?" • . ; . •' .
"Yes;- but I had no. idea* that she was
going on that course."
Captain .Tribble then ; said ;there was no
agreement how the; boats, should run in
the fog or what course should bo taken.
Mate Johnson on the Stand.
Mate Charles Johnson of the San Ra
fael, .who was steering at the time of the
accident, was called.. He testified that the
fog was dense at,the'start and that after
turning round he could not see the lights
of the city, but afterward: saw the Tib
uron pass./ He heard the, bell at Lombard
street abeam. The boat was 'going slow
ly at this time. He steered northwest by
west after, leaving, Lombard street. •
"How many times did you hear the
WILL COMPETE
IN GAS FIELD
New Company Is Formed
With a Capital of
$30,000,000. ,
Incorporators Are t to Erect
Plants Here Within
Five Months.
Articles of incorporation of the Califor
nia Gas arid Electric Company were filed
with the County Clerk yesterday. - The
capital stock is placed at the princely
figure of. $30,000,000, of which 5450,000 has
been subscribed.
The purpose of the corporation is to ac
quire gas plants and machinery for the
manufacture and distribution of gas not
only in, San Francisco, but at Bakersfield,'
Sacramento, Stockton, San Jose and other
points in the interior.
The distributing -points will ': be S3n
Francisco and Bakersfield. The. incorpo
rators are. A. E.Childs of Boston.'R. R.
Colgate of New York City, Eugene J. de 1
Sabla Jr., R. M. Hotaiing, L. P. Lowe,
John, Martin,. William M.,«Pierson, J. C.
Coleman and C. A. Grow, all of San Fran
cisco.
The plan of Jhe new company is to dis
tribute gas in. this. city for 75 cent3 per
thousand cubic ■ feet. --If, this- is carried
out, the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company will have a formidable competi
tor. As many of the incorporators of the
new company are millionaires of enter
prise, it; seems probable that they mean
business and that the public will get the
oenefrt of cheaper gas in the near future.
Mr. Colgate, president of the company,
is a , multi-millionaire who has long-. been
Identified with gas and electrical concerns
in the East. Mr. Childs Is a capitalist,
and at present president of the light, heat
and power corporation of Boston, a con
cern embracing some fourteen companies
in Eastern cities., Mr. Hotaiing is ihe
well known local liquor man and million
aire. Mr. Martin is president of the Cali
fornia Central Gas and Electric Company,
which is at the present time supplying
many of. the interior- cities with gas and
electricity. Thefother gentlemen are well
known in legal and commercial fields.
Vice-President Martin made the fol
lowing statement last night concerning
the proposed operations of the- company:
We intend to be iri operation in this city
within the next 'five months. We will at once
begin the construction of a plant- here with
a daily capacity of 6,000,000 cubic feet. 1 • Orde-s
for the material will be issued within the next
five days. We do not enter this market with
any desire to injure vested rights, but we in
tend to furnish better gas than is being fur
nished in this city at the uniform- price of
75 cents per thousand cubic feet. It is our
plan to construct a • plant at Bakersfield hav
ing a capacity of 11,000,000 cubic feet. From
this point we will supply intermediate cities
to and including San Jose. The cost of our
San Francisco plant will be about $3,000,000
of which 23 or 30 per cent will be for labor
We have taken -steps to acquire the necessary
franchises here and elsewhere and within the
next twelve months the people of this city
will experience the benefits of genuine competi
tion in the lighting field. Our stock is not
for sale, for the reason that we have all the
money we require. That is all I have to Bay
concerning ,the subject for the present.
.President^ J. B. Crockett of the San
Francisco. Ga s and Electric Company said
last night that his company was ready to
meet' the promised competition. He ad
mitted that the .incorporators of the new.
company were men of wealth, and that
their connection with the project gave it
a standing which could not safely be ig
nored. He was aware that the projec*
was under consideration for some timei :
and was. riot /surprised when the papers
were filed. .He .declined to state what -his
company would, do until after . the new
company , had. commenced operations as
promised and was actually in the field as
a competitor against the existing corpo
ljation... v -«; ■•. • _■• ■ -.
EAY COAST BAIL WAY
COMPANY MUST EXPLAIN
Supervisors ..Cite . .Its Attorney to
Show What It Has Expended
' •■'■■'■ in Construction.
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday directed W. T. Baggrett, attorney
of the Bay Coast Railway Company,
to appear at<, next Thursday's meeting of
the committee and explain the progress
made on the proposed railway as required
by the provisions of its franchise. The
company had until September 27 to ex
pend $25,000 on construction work, and the
Board of Works has been directed to as
certain if- the money, has been expended
If it has not the' company will forfeit its
franchise. ■ >•. -
M. Hernon, attorney for the University
Mound District Improvement Club, ad
dressed the committee In opposition to
the maintenance of fences In the district
named. Hernon argued that the Super
visors have no right to permit the fencing
of public streets. Action on a petition to
have the resolution on the subject was
postponed temporarily. .
Civil Service Examinations.
The Municipal Civil Service Commission
will hold an examination for assistant
engineers in the Department of Works on
December 11 and 12, 1901. .Though , there
are ten positions to be filled at salaries
ranging from $125 to $160 per month, there
are so far only two ■ applicants for the
examination. The time for making ap
plication will end to-morrow afternoon
The examination for Chief Assistant En
gineer will be held on December 18 and
19. and so far no applications have been
filed. The position is now held by E. J
Morser and pays $250 per month.
Roosevelt's Policy Commended.
At the meeting of the directors of tho
California Retail Grocers' and Merchants'
Association held last night resolutions
were adopted commending the policy of
President Roosevelt in urging the re-en
actment of the Chinese exclusion law in
his recent message to Congress. Mr. Mor
ris of Alameda suggested that the Cali
fornia Congressional, representatives be
also urged to assist in securing a national
pure food law. C. C. Eihslie, organizer
of the association, spoke of * the
growing interest In the organization
throughout the State.
Sausalito's fog whistles before you did
anything?" asked Bolles. -
"About three or four times. Then the
captain ordered me to. put the. helm hard
to starboard. We blew two whistles and
the other boat did the same. Very short
ly lit ter the captain stopped the boat. The
boat was still backing at the time of the
collision. Then I left the pilot-house."
Johnson then said he was 'sent below
to report the condition to the engineer and
returned to the pilot-house.. Captain Mc-
Kenzie ordered him to lower the boat.
Two lines were fastened, stem and' stern,
from the San Rafael to the Sausalito. . He
went through the ship, helping the pas-*
sengers out of the cabin.
"Did you- stay until "the ship parted?"
was asked.
"No," was the reply. "Only until the
passengers were all out of the cabin."
."Did you see any people in the water?"
'Yes, some of them, jumped overboard
with life preservers on."
Drilled Once a Month.
"How often did you have drill on
board?" . .- \> .
"About once a month."
Johnson further testified that the boats
were all in order, but that the plugs were
out. He could not explain the necessity
of keeping. the plugs out when the boats
were covered to protect them, from rain.
Johnson ■ told • how he helped others up
from, the water before he was hauled up.
He saw none drowned. .
. "Did'the.whistle'of the Sausalito sound
all the time on your starboard bow?" con
tinued Bolles. -
•"Yes," was the reply.
"Do you think the Sausalito was inside
her regular course from Alcatraz to Lom
bard-street wharf?" •
"I don't think she was. If she had
stayed to the course, in which she | was
running- when she struck us I. think 'she
would have hit the Powell-street wharf."
On cross-examination Johnson clung to
his testimony that all the whistles
sounded' to. starboard. • -
W "The two whistles sounded- about ■ three
boat lengths away," he declared..
HOAR ON DIDEROT IS THROWN
AND DUCKOY TAKES THE PURSE
Birkenruth Given Fifteen Days' Suspension by the
1 Oakland Judges==-Favorites Out of Luck.
pTf^ HE first two races on the card at
II Oakland yesterday broke so nicely
I for the . crowd . that the subjects
H. of the "Queen of Bavaria" could
see millions in sight. Then four
favorites were laid to rest and there is
no telling how. much the books cleaned
up. Of these ill-fated choices Diderot,
heavily played at 7 to 10, met with an ac
cident. Jack Atkin's horse was consid
ered by his owner a certainty to beat
Duckoy for the mile selling run, but at
tho first turn he was badly worsted in a
bumping match; • and Hoar was dumped
off into the mud. Duckoy, ridden by
O'Connor and racing for the first timer in
the colors of his new owner. Green Mor
ris, then Went on, winning at the wire
from Rushfields in a hard drfve. Birken
ruth, who -rode Lodestar arid' finished
third, was neld responsible for tha ac
cident and his mount was disqualified. In
an endeavor to stop- rough riding' if pos
sible the 'officials decided to suspend the
offending jockey 'for fifteen -racing days.
Milas, from the, Jennings stable, did. not
have much to beat in the maiden two
year-old number, and at odds of 9 to 5 won
almost easily from The Maniac ahdTVan
derlng. Boy. Angeleno, from. -the Baldwin
stable, came -in for considerable, backing,
but did not look ready..-' -..'.'■■■ .;.;.;•'',
This was followed by the *fc|ll easier
win of the seven-furlong' . evenx by * the
favorite, Flamero. Mounce .had the
mount and drew, away from UFirst Shot
at leisure. Canejo ran third; ■ : • ■ : -• .
■ In the -Futurity course sprint for two
year-olds Bullman on Nonie succeeded" In
beating the gate and was never caught.
The winner closed at odds of (%. to 1 and
was all out at the wire to beat Phyllis a
length. ■•
Mounce piloted Marelio, the favorite,
and had the misfortune to have his sad
dle slip back, losing the show to Sol.
"Linn" Jackson, the midget lightweigfit,
again landed Darlene a winner. The
mare did not attract much attention in
the betting in the mile and a sixteenth
run, but led from start to finish. Blrken
ruth rode a -poor race on the favorite
Alicia, losing "the place to Hohenlohe by
four lengths.
To all appearances the tumble Hoar
took from the back of Diderot did not jar
him to any marked extent. He came out
right after it and put Merops over the
line first in the concluding • three-<luarter
dash at odds of 33 to 1. Decoy, the favor
ite, was cut off at the head of the stretch
and in a drive lost the verdict by a heaXl.
Invictus finished third. '
Track N"otes.
M. Aczel writes to. Presiding Judge
Murphy from Budapest, stating that he
would like to secure the services of a
first-class rider. Ruiz could probably
make a mark over In that country.
Starter Holtman told the judges it
looked as if J. T. Woods made no effort
to get Floronso away from the barrier,
and many others were of the same opin
ion. This is not the first time "Woods
has been left, and the matter may re
ceive some consideration from the stand.
Winnie O'Connor added to his winning
column list by getting to the wire first
on Milas and Duckoy.
Birkenruth will ride out to-day's en
gagements.
Following are the entries for this aft
ernoon's events:
First race— Five and a half furlongs; selling;
maiden two-year-olds. ■ .
2926 Budd Wade.. ..107 2926 Lillie Dale 107
2878 Rosarte M7 2890 Cathello 107
2932 Duke of Rich. 107 292S Major ■ Bird .-... 110
Second .race— Five and a half furlongs; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward.
292S.Afghan. Ill 292S Abba, lii. ...... .114
2S66 Lou Clleveden.119 2927 Nellie Forest. .114
(2921)Edingorough :.]22 2S36 Aphrodis lit
.... William Boyer.114 2909 Billy Lyons 100
2S13 Bedner' ;.10a 2S18 UppercrUst 111
28C6 MacFlecknoe ..111 •
Third race— Futurity course; selling; all ages.
2920 Quadra- 102 2908 Mike Rice......H7
2931 B. Sheppard... 117 2S60 B. F. Mason. ..109
2»21 J. Bog-gs 109 288G Compass 11.1
2903 Trimmer 117 2920 Huachuca . lOfi
2928 Alzura 113 2919 Kl Rey : U3
2920 Waterscrateh ..1021 2903 Parsifal ,. 113
Fourth race— One mile; selling; three-3'ear
olds and uim-ard.
2903 Mazo ..1091 2S35 Alicia 109
(2937)Merops 109 (2S98)Imperious 109
2909 Torsina 109| 2907 Bonnie Lissak.lU6
FIERCE FIGHT
WITH NEGROES
Attempt to Arrest Thief
Results in a Deadly
Conflict.
ANDALUSIA, Ala., Dec. 5.— Sheriff
Bradshaw returned to Andalusia to-day
with twenty- two negroes, who are ac
cused of complicity in the killing of J. W.
Dorsey, a merchant, and Fate Atkinson,
City Marshal, at Opp last evening. The
negroes brought in to-day were chased
with bloodhounds and captured by the
Sheriff and his posse.
The Sheriff landed the negroes safely in
jail here, and has taken precautions to
resist a mob in case one is formed.
. J. W. Dorsey and Marshal Fate Atkin
son went to the quarters near Opp yester
day to arrest a negro who was accused of
stealing a pistol from a white man. The
negro was barricaded in his cabin and
fired on the men as they approached. It
developed that the negro had about fifty
of his fellow workmen in the house with
him. A general battle ensued, in which
Dorsey was killed and Atkinson fatally
wounded, he dying of his injuries shortly
afterward. A white man named JFitzsim
mons, who was with them, was shot twice
in the leg. Two negroes were killed and
several others wounded. The names of
these are at present unknowri.
The attempt to capture the negroes at
that time was given up and Sheriff'Brad
shaw was sent for. He left Andalusia at
once for Opp with deputies and dogs, and
returned to-day with twenty-two negroes:
J. . W. Dorsey, one of the white men
killed, was one of the most prominent citi
zens of Opp, being a merchant, a member
of the Council and Treasurer of the town
WILL CELEBRATE THE
IMMACULATE CONCEPTIO2J"
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius
Churth Will Honor the Blessed
Virgin..
The Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Igna
tius Church -will appropriately celebrate
on next Sunday the feast of the Im
maculate Conception of the Blessed Vir
gin Mary, after :: whom s the society
is named, and to whom It 13 specially
dedicated. The ceremony of .the occa
sion will be made very impressive! In the
morning the entire membership of & the
society is expected to ' "gather ; at the
chapel on; Hayes street! The members
will wear their regalias and will march
with their banners, to -St. , Ignatius
Church, where they will ''fecelVe'-'holy
communion in a body at the 7:30 o'clock
mass.. After having partaken of, the sac-,
rament the sodalists. will .recite the" "Te'
Deum." , , „ - .-;! :>: v -- r- • , ; ~ 1
The annual election- of -offitrers^ for the
year 1902 will b e «" held at 2:30 • o'clock
in the afternoon. The annual reports re
garding the growth of the society will be
received. - -■ . .,
KILLED .BY A FALL.---John Moore Stiles a
carpenter, aged 86 years, died yesterday morn
ing in the City and County -Hospital of inju
ries received a few. days, ago In an accidental
fall down stairs at^hls home, 127 Herman street.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLANDJIACETRA^ ,
2932. FIRST RACE-Five and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olda; value to> first, $325.
j j : Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. M.-.V %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jocfcey. <>P- c>
"l90'~ MliaT" ■ US 4 2n2% 13 1% W; B. Jennings & Co.<yCon 6-5 9-5
mi The a Maniac •:::::::iil ran ■ i • * « • " Sftg^riss" niSS I *
isis Kin! Heraid h ? % 42 5 2 Mrs. Grosshelm & Co.Bozm 15 30
ISiS i •*.■■»? bwjm a. Rs.p«c^..H««n«w \ * . «
2842 Duke of '"■'""■■"M^ ? ? 7 7 H. Qottnng U Paly 3_^W
Tt mo _v •?«• u. s?- KUf i-v> Good start. Won. easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
notready.^ He^ill do later on. _ > _ r) _ ) _ u _ (^- w - > _ r . >J . > > >J - w^^ _J
203.3. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling: foor-year-olda and op; value to flrat. $355.
■ ~ ~~~ ; j : j ~ ' ; : . [Betting. >
'Index. Horse, '. Age, . Wt. St. %. ■ ' jfc Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey., --Op-yCl.
. 2921 Flamero, 5 112 5-542* 1 % . 1 4 g. -Cameron^ ■™>™™ 4 :| f£*
2908 Rinaldo, 6 U2 & 6152 5 11) 5 25 Villiam CahIll.....^.Hoa 8 , ,2o
' wi<» p n nut i ' 11=; 7 7 - • 7- » 7 *'5 ■■ J. Burrows. ;...«.• rtarvaez s .... v)
loll Sc O lnUUatef-V::::."m 1 2U 6 10 6 1 7. Mrs. Grosshelm & Co.Boze 2a .100
Time— V :13«4: % :23%: %. :5Ui: %. l:ft%; %." 1:33. Good start. Won galloping. Second and
- third driving^ Winnlf D. Cameron's en. g. by Flambeau-Bonalr. -Flamero had; the _ footing
over, his company. First Shot and Canejo ran, to form. Too much weight on- rrcnin.: -
2934. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-old3; value to first. $325.' \, .
-. 1 — ; j '■ ~~ ' . . .... ~ » ~, . ' Bettins.
, 'index.! Horse and Weight. St. %. %.. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2916 Nonie ....112~1 12. 14 1 1% , 1 1 M. Kane ..........Bullman 5 13-2
H ~2906 Phyllis 115 4 3h 2 1% 3 1 2 % A. J. Stemler & Co.Birkrth 3 -3
\ 2916 Sol 110 5- 2n 4% 2n 3 % . P. C. Donaleche..J. AVoods 3 4
'2920 Marelio 110 3 6 1 3 % 4 Ua '4 5 . D.S. Fountain...... Mounce 5-2 8-»
2920 Bendara ...........113 871 74 75 5 10 J. Burrows Hoar 10 20
2828 Dawson 115 6 4 'A 6 1 5 3 6 2 W. B. Sink Jr \ ittatoe 10 .40
2879 Sir Tom Tiddler.. ..113 7 8 8 • 8 7 5 M. J. Daly L. Daly 15 40
2436 San Lutlon 110 2 6251 618 James Wilson.. .Fauntleroy 8 10
Time-fo^M. :22V4; to %,- :47; last %, 1:04%; short %. 1:14£. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner M. Kane's b f. by Santiago-Crap Game. Bullman astride winner beat
.the others away. Phyllis ran a nice race and with an even break might have won. Sol
was cut oft once. Mounce' s saddle slipped back, which "no doubt impaired the chances .of
Marelio somewhat. Bendara did fairly. well. Tiddler Is fast but ran out all the way.
2!K(5. FOURTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds ana upr value to first. $325.
| I . Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. K. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2930 Darlene, 3 100 3 15 1 3«i 1 2 1 1 Dr. H. E. Rowell.. Jackson S 8
293S Hohenlohe,' 6 114 1 2.% ' 2 Vi 2 2% 2 4 Elmwood Farm.. -..O'Connor S 7-2
2905 Alicia, a 106 2' 3 3 " 3 1V4 4 10 . 3 n P. Moore Birkenruth 1 6-5
2896 Position, 4. 109 4 5 42 !!• 4 15 D. S. Fountain Mounce 4 9-2
28S4 Torslda, 6 103 5 4^5 5 5 J. McGovern Hoar 5 x w
Time-l-16, :07: %. :24%: %, :51; %, i:lS%; mile, 1:43%; 1 l-16m, 1:52. Good start. Won handily, f
Second and third driving. Winner. Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. f. by Esher-Aunt Jennie. Darlene
had the most speed perhaps. Birkenruth on Alicia rode one of his cheap races. He picked
.the worst going and lost ten rods on- the etretch turn. Position will bear watching since
change in ownership. Torsida no account In the going-.
2D30. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olfo and up; value to flrat. $325.
i" f ~~ ~ Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. M. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2907) Duckoy. i 113 5 12 12% 12 1% G. B. Morris .O'Connor 2 ii-s
2919 Rushflelds, a 107.2 3 8 3 15 2n 2% CO. Ray Jackson 6 15
2923 Lodestar, a 109 1 2 4 in 3 30 3 100* Dan O'Keefe & Co..Birkrth 3 4
2915 Greylette.,3 9S 3 4 4 4 4 E. Blazer....... ...... J. Daly 100. 200
(2915) JDiderot. 3 102| 4 Fell |J. P. Atkln Hoarl 4-5 7-10
Time— V*. :26: %, :32H: %. 1:19%; mile, 1:46. Bad start. Won first tfcree driving. Winner, G
B. Morris' b. g. by Brutus-Decoy Duck. Rushfields Is Improving and gave Duckoy a strone
argument. r>iderot was caught in a Jam at the I first turn and his rider tipped oft •Dis
qualified for fouling and placed last. "
2037. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
Index. [Horse, Age. Wt. St. M. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. I Op"'"*^
2913 Merops. 5 112 4 41 in 1% lh F. D. Weir. Hoar S v^
2907 Decoy, 4. ...112 2 23 4% 3% 23 George Miller j/'Woods 5-? »
(290S) Invictus, 3 107 3 3 1& 3 fe 2n 33 James Wilson.. .Fauntleroy 5-2 $.»
2S82 Native. 4 112 5 5 5 5 4 2 W. H. Ketchgman..Mathws 3-2 7-»
2911 Clarando., 5 112 1 1% 11 4 2 5 K. 11. Borchert Ransom 15 si)
2925 Floronao, 6 112| » p. McGuIre J. T. Woods 2 2
Tims — '4. :25>4: '6. :31: %. 1:18. Good start except Floronso. Won first three driving wT^T
ner. F. D. Weirs *h g. by Brutus-Mlrope. Hoar on winner had good racing luck^' wSS^
astride Decoy cut off just before turning Into the stretch. Native was also cut off ™^h«
stretch turn, spoiling: hia chances. Woods apparently made no effort to tret Floronsn n^v
Scratched-^Casdale 112. Trimmer 112. «Left. 5 ' orons o away.
Fifth race— Six furlongs; selling: two-year
olds.
2922 Sir Lewi? 104 2S33 Colonial Girl.. .108
(26S6)Shetl Mount. ..107 2922 Muresca 103
(2344)Evea G ....101 2910 Louwelsea 104
Sixth race — Six furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward.
2912 Hungarian 109 <2918)The Singer 109
2924 Gusto 112 2581 Mission 10a
(2913)Sugden .... .309 (2924) Dunblane 112
.... Sea Queen. .....109 2928 Ben Ledi m
2923 Ned Dennis.... 100
To-Day's Selections.
First race— Budd Wade, Major Bird. Rosarle.
Second race— Abba L, Edlnborousrh, Mac-
Flecknoe.
Third race — Waterscrateh, Quadra, Alzura.
Fourth race — Merops, Alicia. Torsina.
Fifth race— Muresca, Sir Lewis. Shell Mount.
Dunne Will Be Promoted.
Information comes from Hawaii to the
effect that Joseph J. Dunne, the well
known San Francisco attorney, will be
appointed to fill the position of Attorney
General of the islands. Mr. Dunne left
the city several months ago to accept the
position of Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorney. . •
{ kKL^7 Catarrh. I •
/' llildSiir^S^S'i&W Catarrh is a dreadful
ifMlBy- -lv' / vt - . years, gradually growing
.^"V Jm A/ worse and worse — grad-
mSmMJ^S. V / y^^\s4^ uaIly s P rea( ? in £ from the
j W >«A J -(\T\ throat, to the bronchial
n J '-. I tubes and on to the lungs,
\l *Wi y^^k spreading over the deli- '
J^\ jL. j " cate network of mem- U
I / V NjgjHjL ,£ and poisonous discharge, \\
\ \ / X YV^^^V a dischar Se that is filthy
V • \ If ant * ou * sme Mi n ST-
I VI v/ V^; Often this discharge is''
/ jA"* >^T not cougrhed or hawked
I J7\^ y ' ' ' up ' ut slides down to the '
■^6r stomach, where it upsets
_, u the digestive organs and
j ' turbance— finally getting
weakening and impoverishing it. MtO the bI °° d and .
Catarrh is a long story, full of troubles and misery until it
finally controls the who e. system and eventually destroys it
A cold in the head is generally the beginning of catarrh and t
chronic catarrh is a difficult disease to cure catarrn. ana /
Halpruner's will check a sold at once— Halpruner's is fine for \
and spray the medicine, diluted with water, up the Nostrils to dean
the Tonnes* ° hle * m and a " ay the inflammation and scSS
p^i^wl^^isSiif and reKuIarIy and
. Do not E et discourssted if you are not cared in a day or a
Thai a st e mnTh e oM thlS ~ V ° U have had «'""•■ (or ma^ vear s ° an d
I -/"iblprunerls
Trial Treatment Free.
Sixth race-Sea Queen. Gusto. Hungarian.
B-acingr at NVw Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. S.-Summary
nr Fi ri, r , aCe ' Sl ? furlon « 9 -Automaton won,
Masterful second. Ida Penzanca third. Tim»*
Second race selling, five and a half furlongs
Time l7cs n> *° SeC ° nd> Ben HuU ™a third.
Third race, steeplechase handicap-Glissando
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlonga—Tom
fhSr^imTi^iT 1 ' 9 3econd - v.u2*S£S
Fifth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
Jhird 8 " SCC ° nd ' DorOthy
Sixth race, selling, one mile— Mr. Phlnlzev
won^ Maple second, Donator third. Ttae!
Shot During a Business Quarrel
DEADWOOD, S. D., Dec. 5.-L*© Wins
berg shot and fatally Injured Solomon-
Levlson, a prominent jeweler of this clty
early to-day, during an altercation over
business affairs.. Winsberg was arrested
and placed in jail. He confessed to the
shooting, saying he hoped Levlson wouldHEAVY SOUTHEASTER RAGING
ALL ALONG PACIFIC COAST
Ship Nelson Reported Lost and Forty Per Cent. Reiri=
surance Paid, but She Reaches Port.
AMERICAN SHIP SPARTAN THAT WAS THIRTY DAYS COMING FROM THE SOUND WITH A LOAD OF COAL.
THE VESSEL WAS CAUGHT IN THE SOUTHEASTER AND HAD A TERRIBLE TIME OF IT OFF THE CO
LUMBIA RIVER. •
THE unusually heavy gale that has
raged along the coast has given
rise to many a tale of disaster.
For Instance, the British ship
Nelson was said to have foun
dered off the Columbia River. She left
Astoria November 25 with 38,230 centals
of wheat, valued at $35,700, for England,
but was caught in the gale and bad to
be towed bacK to port.
Early yesterday morning the Nelson
was reported to nave gone down with all
hands. Later news showed that the story
was at least partly untrue, so the under
writers offered 4U per cent to> reinsure
•-heir chances. Some of the gamblers
took a "flier" on the vessel, and one hour
later were $40 on the 5100 "to the good."
The news came to the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday afternoon -that the
eteamer Walla "Walla was passing Flat
tery with the ship in tow. The Walla.
"Walla is the well known liner of the Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company and
shoud have reached Victoria, B. C, early
vesterday morning. While still many
miles this side of Flattery Captain Andy-
Hall saw the distress lights of a ship.
He at once headed for them and soon dis
covered the Nelson on her beam ends.
As soon as possible a line was passed
aboard and after many mishaps made
fast. Then the Walla Walla went ahead
and some hours later had. her tow on
the Sound. The dispatch to the exchange
cays, *'It was a good job and well done."
The chances are that the Walla Walla
■will get salvage on the tow.
The Nelson had a marvelous escape
from destruction. She crossed the Colum
bia River bar a week ago last night and
before she had gone a great distance she
encountered a severe storm and was
roughly handled. Her cargo of wheat
shifted, causing her to list to starboard
and almost on her beam ends. In this
condition she was picked up by the tug
Wallula and an effort was made to tow
her to Astoria, but the tug had to aban
don her. Later the powerful tug Tatoosh
took hold of her. but found it impossible
to tow her owing to the fury of the gale
and the high seas. The captain of the
Tatoosh decided to tow her to Puget
Sound, but had not proceeded far when
the gale increased in fury and on Tuesday
r right at 10 o'clock the hawser parted and
' the Tatooph was unable to find the vessel
when daylight came. The Nelson fired
rockets and burned flashlights all night,
but failed to attract the attention of ves
sels. On Wednesday morning the steamer
Walla Walla picked her up north of Grays
Harbor.
The hull of the Nelson Is practically in
tact, but her bulwarks are smashed, life
boats and fore rigging carried away and
the cabins damaged. There are only three
The Dunlap Crusher is groin* to be the all-popular hat this winter.
Everything points to its popularity, and it is well that this is so. It is
particularly adapted to wet weather wear.
We fortunately laid in a large stock of these hats— secured them in
all sizes in every conceivable color suitable for hats — black, brown,
cedar, pearl, mixed, oxford gray.. etc.; for a good serviceable hat that will
wear you a year we recommend the one at
$1.95
As we sell hats' at clothiers' profits, not hatters', these hats are equal
to the usual $2.50 article — but you will find this out yourself when you
wear one.
Out-of-town orders filled — write us.
718 Market Street.
inches of water In her hold, but the extent
of the damage to her cargo of wheat is
not known.
The Umatilla Reef lightship No. 67 also
went adrift in the storm. She finally
brought up at Port Angeles, and when
last reported all hands were safe and
well. The Hydrographic Office reports
that new moorings will be placed as soon
a.s possible and inside of a week the
lightship will be back at her post.
In connection with the storm it is
worth mention that the ship Edward Se
vra.ll, on which 15 per cent reinsurance
was paid, has arrived safely at Shanghai.
She is -well known on this coast and 's
one of the latest steel ships turned out
from the Sewall yards.
VESSELS LOSE LUMBER,
The schooners Guide and Jennie Thelin
and the ship Spartan had a hard time of
it on the coast. The Guide was 8 days
getting here from Eureka, the Thelin 28
days from Grays Harbor and the Spartan
30 days from the Sound. The latter is
one of the old time clippers and for a
while was given up as lost. Captain Po
lite weathered the gale, however, and
came in with all his sails.
The Guide lost fifty bundles of shingles
and some of her deckload. while the The
lin lost 30,000 feet of her deckload. All
three vessels had a rough time and the
Spartan was several times in peril. The
old timer is again in port, however, ap
parently none the worse for her rough
experience.
Experimenting on Lights.
The Harbor Commissioners will make a
number of experiments on the penetrat-.
ing effect of lights in a fog during the
coming winter. Acting on the suggestion
of President Kilburn, the commission Kas
ordered Electrician F. E. Whorf to test
all the shades of color from, the ferry
tower. So far his tests show that green
penetrates the fog farther than any other
color. Red shows up well and white 13
almost lost. It is the intention of the
commission to have a searchlight placed
in the ferry tower and during the coming
winter the tests will be held. Should
green prove to be the most prominent
and far-reaching color In a fog it will be
used on all the signal stations, and also
on the ferry tower. The consensus of
opinion among ferry captains and local
snipping men is that green is the coming
color in a fog. ...
"Water Front Notes.
The British bark Kilmeny went to Port
Costa, yesterday without any ballast. She
THE SAN :FB AN C.ISCOy CALL., FRIDAY,-.; DECEMBER 6, 1901.
was taken up by, two of the; Red Stack
tugs and the run was made safely.
Captain C. F. Swan, late of the bark
Aureola and later of the tug Hercules, re
turned from a three years' sojourn in
Alaska on the Umatilla. He came from
Dutch Harbor on the revenue cutter The
tis to Seattle and thence, to San Fran
cisco on the regular liner. He says Alas
ka is destined to be one of the great
States of the Union. He sees no reason
why it should not be as densely popu
lated as Sweden, Norway and Finland,
and asserts that had those countries the
same facilities and means of . livelihood
for the • population there would never a
Swede, Norwegian or Finn come to the
United States. Captain Swan continued:
"The people will have to go to Alaska
and grow up there. They must get used
to the climate and conditions and when
the young Alaskans come to maturity
Uncle Sam will have the sturdiest race
of men on earth to draw from in an
emergency." Captain Swan goes north in
the spring.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sier
ra sails for Australasian ports to-day.
She is crowded with freight and has a
big passenger list, but may be delayed a
few hours on account of the English mail.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British bark Calthness-shlre has been
chartered prior to arrival for wheat at Tacoma
or Portland for Europe, 33s, with option of
loading at San Diego. 31s 3d. The steamer
Hyades will load merchandise at this port for
Honolulu or Kahului.
Shipping Intelligence.
■ :
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 5.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridsett, 34 hours from
Ventura; up river direct.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 43 hours from
Eai Diego and way ports.
Stmr ProKreso, Harding, 108 hours from Se
attle. . , . . •»
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15 hours from
Mendoclno, via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Newsboy, Ahlstrom, 34 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 68 hours from New
port, etc.
Stmr Bonita. NoDander, 22. hours- from Port
Harford and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey
and way ports. .• , .
Ship Spartan, Polite, 30' days from Seattle. !
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, 15 days from
Grays Harbor. . '-. •.
. Schr Guide, Olsen, 8 days from Eureka, i
Schr Jennie Thelin, . Madsen, 28 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Volant. Halveson, 30 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Jennie Grif flu, Campbell,- 5 hours from
Point Reyes. ,
Schr Albion, Larsen, 24 days f rom ■ Coquille
River.
Schr Gem, Ferjie3en,' 13% ■ days from Coos
Bay. . ■ • - . . ., . .
SAILED. • i.
. Thursday, December 6.
Etmr Despatch, Johnson, Seattle.
Btmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka. •
Stmr Greenwood, . Fajrerlund, . ■ . . '
Stmr National City, Dettmers," Fort Bragg.
Bark Prussia, Jensen, Port Blakeley.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.'
Schr Winchester. Christiansen, . Apia, via
Portland. * •
RETURNED.
Thursday, December 6.
Schrs'llary C and Winchester, both hence
this morning, returned to port on account of
strong SW squalls.. . ■ • .
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr- ProEreso, from : Seattle, . Dec B—
Had strong SE to SSE winds and heavy r«a
entire jiassaee. ; if- ...
Per ship Spartan, . from ' Seattle, Dec " 6— Had
a succession of ESE gales for thirty days.
Per schr Guide, from Eureka, Dec 6— On Nov
28. off Cape Mendocino, had a heavy ESE gale
and high confused sea,, during which carried
away deck lashlncr, washing overboard- about
60 bundles shlnzlcs. ■ • .
Per Bchr Jennie Thelin, from Grays Harbor,
Dec 5— Nov 28, when off Cape ; Mendoclno, had
a ESE Kale and high confused sea, flooding
the cabin with , t water, carrying: . away deck
lashings and washing overboard about 80,000
feet lumber, also blowing away mainsail out ot
gaskets, causing: vessel to spring a leak.
Per sehr Volant, - from Port . Gamble,- Dec 6—
Had ESE gales the. entire passage. ■ .'»"-'
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORTLAND. Or. Dec 6— Umatilla , Re»f
Lightship No. 67 broke adrift from her. station
and proceeded to Port Angeles, Wash. . New
moorings will be furnished and vessel replaced
as roon as possible. ' -
LONDON, Dec 5— Br ship Etronsa, bound
from Glasgow, for San. Francisco, put back,
slightly damaged in collision. . ■ .
Br stmr Royalist, ■ previously .* reported into
Valparaiso with steering gear '■ damaged, has
proceeded to destination ; date not given.
DISASTERS.- , /> . .
GRAYS HARBOR. Dec- 5— Fr bark Ernest
|2|3»p«^nsge^b The housekeeper
keep a jar of the
OF BEEF always at hand both for fla-
voring soups and sauces as'; well- as 'for
making that handy cup of . hot beef tea,
will oblige . by. sending; her. address' to
Dauchy & Co.; P. O. Box 7*8, New York,
N*. Y. She will receive free, a useful
cook book.
v^' TgE EMPOBIUy. . I THE | THE KnTPOBUng. { TgF EMPOBnTBg.
8? ..-•-, ■ . . . -• ,v ■ .:-; . •■ ■ -. . . ■ . ■ ■ . ■;• . .";■ • - ' ■ X
I Try a Saturday Special Cigar To-Morrow--Glear Havana 5c— Sold Saturdays Only jj
| Santa Gtaus. *WMM K E Affl H IM -M GonweHiemt. |
t£ mornings, 9 to 12; afternoons,' 2 to 5 o'clock'. §£§1 j^CT d^ 1 1 f O P I\j^.'^ LSk.P<?CSt "~~ H W Kj Order for any amount. It can bc used at any &
5 Children must be accompanied by parents or . Kfl f&* "^ ■ ,'.' 3 V f63 counter in thi3 store On wlc in Glove De- •"»
\ fo U % r very S m«e b vl S Hor W^^^ AltVCnC^S Or2Jcl\dC5t 5tOrC. partmc^b Rotund;. J
|- ... - .. - - , .. . .•■•' . ; ' % —— — — — : ! $
| m J?E B ,-!? ai b Robes Another of the Emporium Holiday A s
% A Holiday Special. ®**B«*«* 'v** n**. Specials i»A B A f
I (S- Asan extra holiday spe- &BOth$n$§ &@B©$ T®~BJ&y CrOCkery 1) * . | \
&}$%s&fcttJi™^^ stniB $2it§&s*££2&w a < Deptm h A*\ fi %
K -mWrff I B«th. Robes, full weight, «««•• ******** vmmnjya _. jtj l^
% 7 *§iil/^ y© cut cxt'a long and wide, ■ Men's Black and Blue Serge Suit wrought iron Cande- \^ \J ••
$ mM^S day and J*^ ■--- ■■'■ W^f ?•* J f!; 6 / e S u l« I". 50 values, strictly all-wool with candle, 16 inches; is HT J«
S fWmf Saturday. . $3.38 JL3 U A T(\ Wu= or black lerge guaranteed £ut_ colon, hn- a good value for 50c; but 5
5 M$¥ : Very handsome Blanket >^g?& /OT^CLA^V "? * ** f ° Ut m latet we are going to sell them <S*W - $
i fM<M Robes'. I .$5.00 /^ IT^J T AnMJ T- / Ut to , ' <6fO Fridayat.. . .. S
J }|'} I .English Eiderdown Robe,, .A . j . I V ~^TW &&* E J'%J 29O g
1 >'"AH1 frS^^ *fi So I ' l\ J^* Mcil's' Fail' Md Winter: Overcoats Opal Plaques-Fancy dupe, with nnique cat *
K Ml (i B«t' qU auV?f EfcT- ( < LU • ' \\ $10.75, To-Day ondTo-Morrow-Thesr are the !^^£?*^^^J*? «
5 7/Jrt!\<>Av( , n l a«a £\r* v A. - *ct^\ \\ , * • 1 1 • . ■ ' „ to «»w ribbon through: suitable to Jf
5 'W<$Vm ° ■■'" 9'2.00 V \jj Tfejjf 1H regular values— not last year'i coat or «ome old }„„ np „ t on auJ . «
K ViV>h]\o\ ' Crash B*th;RobtS— \/J/ \ W* Of back numbers, but new, itylish, loose-back garments, cut article; for Friday onlr . .' . I5C «
Jf T>->~fcjj&. Very large auortment of • Wi I extra long; or the three-quarter length if preferred; some - * «
S patterns from which to select, in seven quali- -..' ' ' . . ' - L IB I have the yoke front;, they are made of all-wool fabric* in -^^—^— — — — —^— jg
ff ties, $3,OO t $3m5O' $4.VO, '■■[ • J. I Oxford gray or 6ncy mixtures} • rffc«»jf* "WE? **..•.. ; •*■"■■ >'mm-< S''
5 $5.00, $6.00,$ 6.5o,$7,5o \ I Ll . J the'specy price is- (ot. two-ffif g/ B £ J Children's Freezers •;
I Gold Jewelry. K * ii^ *^»i $ «s, To-i^y nr.d M ?^r^— m 1^ I
Jc T ' 'J& To-Morrow, and they are , the $ 7 . 50 kind; fgg^s-^ ice-cream freezer tLt wm S
2 ■ Solid Gold . Brooches, - wreatn fST* V^^ X \7 3-piece suits, made, of . all-wool casslmeres and cheviots ia ' jf . make a pint of ice cream m &'
it design or pretty stone setting, ML • 13^^ blue and fancy mixtures; you will find them well made, *^mms I three minutes; aD iroa para . 2
•f swell. . . : S2.5O *-R •- 111/// nicely trimmed and perfect fitting, and we will gfa jg. tf% gam . beautifully nickeled; rego- J
% a Solid Gold Scarf Pin, in a dozen -JEt*rf)[ti VII i^L sell sizes to fit boys I i to 19 years old, for two - a larly S1.50; a Holiday .J
K new designs . . .Si.Q'*, V ' I . W*C^ d»y« only, at . . . ...:.--. tpcdaJ for ~-^ n «
5 $1 5O, $2, $2.50 fa f 'J * p' Boys' Overcoats $4.85, To-Day and To- Morrow, and Whm^" only &i.£U *
S S0 Afi G sV^7 n 5^« h /?^#^ they arc well wcrth all-wool materials in the new. colorings and — — ,J :
*,s '* * * / mixtures; Oxford gray, greens and brown; they are cut in the latest d* JB 1f% £** -* # *• w* *■* '*w *
S- Gold Filled Lorgnette Chains, I le » lon S and gracefal, either with or without yokes; the special S^FtfO*? ESOyS L*Olt U2pS MO- £
Sf with fancy slide . f 1.OO, I P rice 5s for *"° da y s onl y , d3V OtllV 16 Cm S
l$1.50,$2,$7,5U' —: — — ... .. ~~~ * U "* y B%9% " J
ft SlfflaEBSBtojnt.mm-ua &a&n&O3iB* > "*»»^ Several hundred Boys* Caps, made of fancy '%
tt cm #rt .., . '_ B¥MEMBBMB&"jf <&S.«M&£l5l3MS&9irM -SS^^^Sl^fir P !a!ds in P re£t y Pa-ems, worth regularly a 5 c >»
*■ Sale of Gnildren's . . **^z£^0S§*& each; wiu bc on spccial Mlc Frida>r *£? «
ft SaifOi* Suits. Trimmed Hats reduced to quick clearing prices. We "*^^^^^^^ only, at #OC J5
g Here are three handsome Kavc divided our cntirc stock ° f fine Trimm " d Hats i^^^^^/ 7" »
| 4 M T'MgZi 7 ™*':' 11 '^^® 7^c Photogravures f
S£ / 7\fe£^^^ our new stock, probably the ~ ~~T^E?!S Cm "«
K iXJLiffl} lar8C " '" town ' is ful1 of . All to J8.50 Hats cut to. . . .'. .$5.90 . '^w^ $
Z fiy1h>~y bar 8 a ."" J ust f like these: ' All J9.00 to $12.00 Hats cut to .. . . '.$7.45 l l\ *«■ JS, Choice Photogravures, 11x14 inches, hand- Jf
£ V^d\ iX. Sailor suit of all-wool, . All I12.50 to $18.00 Hati cut to . . . . .$9.95 • V \A. somely framed in one-inch gilt frame, /with J*
J- with four rows of All j> 18^00 to HaO cut to . . . .$12.45 • . A two raised lines arid fancy gilt corners; a large {J
t£ i^^Afia/j silk braM> with embroid - Al <21.5O to (30.00 Ha:s cut to . . . .if.14-.Q5 "** N"!~ assortment of popular subjects; in- J- j{
» f/lf- io\ ercd anchor m sllicI<l ( sec •_ •■■' '" ' " "' ' ' " "' . stca( l of 75c each, for this day only *arMG JC
£ IP' IffVV cut )> llned throughcut-and „. ■ ** ■ ■" * mm' *» - . ' -— ' 5
5 k fi | \ «*««iy made. Any size Furniture, Garpet, Rug Specs a Is. --;.■■. J
$ C^JriJf i r ay 4 , tO nd a ' &pecUl Fri " --^^^^ Tabourettc or Jardiniere Stand-in the rcw weathered Black Surah %
K P?*«i Saturday . $3*3+5 '^^^^^^^^S^a oa ' t or mahogany finish, hand-polished, very odd dc- ft$B* lV3uf¥'jGf*S "5
jf TO Sailor Suit of all-wool tjr^^^T sign, regular y $2! 50, to-day and to-morrow - C - $
* JaR cheviot, all lined, silk braid V$ Ti ll 7/1 very soft weave, 24 inches .wide, made es- J€
K trimmed, embroidered start M ■ (IS ll • . . . \£> M m £ C# .pecblly for the purpose; i^ yards make* a «J
5 and 4-inch hand tie, ages M , Ira la Docker — Hand-polished Golden- Oak, EadHle seat, very muffler, and we stamp them free; a good ser- 5
as 4 «» 1 a, special : Friday and — r t% — /jfe^^ lulL ll comfcrtab'e,- a' sp'endid Christmas present, to-day and viceable quality at 75C * 7***, 6 other j»
• J Saturday. .... .V. 34F.&5 //^"1^»1 to-morrow onlv 7X grades ranging from ... fi5o to ©J £
1} Tailor-made 2-pie:e suits for ages 10, 12, 14, (I— ~, ir^Ml to morrow on ly, &*&j £& ____;-' 5
\ jf- all lined and man tailored, velvet and button I vjl— ShavinJ Stands or Men's Dressing Tables — Three neat 2
|f trimming; mixed goods of g*gm o — designs, at 2 5 per cent off regular prices, to-day. and VolOUr StMUarBS %
; I finest quality, special. . . gg.95 Saturday. At HalfPHCG *
*■ Pff/..A A f .V... AHn Tapestry Carpet— A variety of seven different patterns; good heavy quality; # " ««■** rrn-ISm j
' * »aHt OO ' V iS^ 3 Friday and Saturday only, per yard...... .....53o On special sale to^ay only, 200 figured rilk |
1 ?• HH tPB*le*f**Z u O£S«* Velour Squares, cut from goods that we have X
. $ -W H™ P °™!Vy5™ °o%- IPgrain Ru a s- 3 6 mcoes square; each 25C nevcr ?old le5 , than $2.00 and ? 2.2 5 per $
jf bottle 8 Si* " ' ' OZC x * x2 + "C" 0 ; beautiful materials Jf
g PortorVhmV-O^r^Iarii.oopirgalWn A Fl^^ilClQitC Safe. AlllQatOr BBQB for for cushions and chair seat, and back,;tc-day g
J S?ir d PU . r \ 5 ?T/ ld Wwil Beside; the regular ,oc' heavy Flannelettes in tHS HolfdayS. "^^J_^J ' ' ™° |
Jf Holland Gin— Good Holland Juniper Gin, our pink and blue colorings for to-day's selling, .A lot of genuine {J
2C own bottling; to-day only, bottle.'. . 6OC wc offer a fuU assortment of Ae twllled /^^^S - AUigator Club Bags, Bmm44+*.am ft©^ \t
tf American Club Bourbon Whisky— The gen- makes in solid colors, such as cream, blue, .AJSeg4»j% made of selected ES&SMS&ff* %2€fiG X
Jf uine,' regularly J 2. S o gallon; _^ _ ros- pink, red, new green, etc.; -p /_ Jr^^gg^gk skins, full leather _._.'., , v . -J
•£ a bargain to-day at .. . . . &Bm3U per yard / M 2*0 /j^^^^^^^- &S lined, with pocket The Emporium does the largest butter business J
{£ Rock and Rye or Rock and Rum— For colds ; ' inside, ends made of of any retail store in town, and we hold this «J
jf and coughs; to-day only, botde . . . 48c . one piece, solid brass tnie becaus: we never disappoint b quality, g
Sf Cherries in Maraschino— Quarts. . . 70C FtOVtidOra COitihS lock and catches, bags that are fu'l cut and Another of our famous Friday Butter Sales .f
K pints ..... . ....... . .410 . r? Y MM. mm vv**«MZ9« open up" wide, are marked at these very low to-day, when we shall offer the ••
jj» Shaw's Pure Med'cinal Malt— Bottle $1.Qu 250 Ladies' Shell FJorodora Back Combs (and prices for the holidays: bcst Creamery Butter, and the .V
£? N. B. Hilbzrt Bros.' Bourbon . . . .QOc other, new styles), regular size, finely finish- 10 in., $3.53. 13 in., $4.50 16 in., $5.65 bsst only; regular size squares . +*%***&
J^ Ccol( ing Brandy — A good quality — bottle. . ■ ed, "and made to sell at 25c each; are _ 11 in., 3.85 14 in., 4 85 17 in., 6.00 0% ' \!
S . . -65c specially priced for Friday only . . S£C 12 in., 4.20 15 in., 5.25 18 in., 635 2 SUUDTCS 73C %
* ■ ' ' ' ' *- ' ■ ■ . "■ "' :v ""' " ; - . - v ; ■ i , , , ■ ' ' *
Reyer. from Nantes.- in ballast, for Portland,
Or, is on the beach at mouth of Quinault
River. Not damaged: all well.
Br shiD Nelson, from. Astoria, for United
Kingdom, previously reported having turned
turtle off the Columbia River, was picked up
by stmr Walla Walla and towed into Port
Townsend Dec. 5.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, t Dec • B, 10 - p m— Weathet
cloudy; wind NW, 1 velocity 24 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 6— Br stmr Wil
lowdene, from Newcastle, NSW.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr
State of California, from San Francisco; stmr
Alcatraz, from Point Arena. •
Sailed Dec &— Stmr State of California, for
San Dlezo.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Ruth,,
from Bowena Landing; stmr Samoa, from — -.
Sailed Dec 5— Stmr Noyo, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY- Sailed Dec 6— Brig
Courtney Ford, for Port. Ludlow. ._
REDONDO— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr Del Norte,
for San Francisco: schr Allan A, for Eureka.
PORT . LUDLOW— Sailed . Dec 5— Schr Wm
Olsen.: for San Pedro. .
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec &-Stmr American,
from New York; Br ship ' Boadlcea. from Van
couver; st.mr • Shinano Maru. from Yokohama;
Bchr Arillla, from Nome; stmr City of Seattle,
from Skag-way. ■'•■' : ■ ' " ■■ •; ' ' .„
Sailed Dec 5— Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco.- •. .' ' ■■ ■ ' -. '2. { . . •■•■■_ l ■
Arrived Dec S— Stmr Santa Ana, hence No-
V( TACOMA— Sailed Dec 6— Chil bark Yosemlte,
°ASTORIA— Sailed Dec &-Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco; stmr Elder, 1 for San Francisco;
stmr Chico, for San Francisco. ' - >. ..
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Dec 5— Ship Great
Admiral, for Melbourne. .^ '"-_:' ' „ • ,„
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Coquillo
River, hence Dec 4. : • ■■■>■■■• ,
■ PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 5— Ship John
Currier, for Cape Town. .'
Arrived Dec 5— Br ship Nelson, in tow stmr
Walla Walla (former. In distress). __ V\ -
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec. 6— Schr Robert
Lewers.for Honolulu../
*■ -.. FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 4 — Jap . etmr
Hongkong Maru, hence Nov 16.
COLON— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Advance, from
Sailed • Dec 3— Stmr Orizaba, - for New. York.
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Dec 4— Fr bark
Beaumanoir, hence July 10. .
IQUIQUE— In port Oct 18-^Br bark Inverkip,
HONGKONG-rln port Nov 2— Br stmr Knight
Companion, for* Oregon. Nov- 14— Br stmr
Athenian, for Vancouver. .'' •■■.-■•; "
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 8— Fr bark Francois,
for San * Francisco. _^
SHANGHAI— Arrived Nov 29— Ship Edward
ISLE* '■ OF " WIGHT— Passed ' Dec 6^-Br stmr
Belgian King, hence j Sept .19. for Antwerp. -
TABLE • BAY-Salled Nov 2&-Br ship Whit
lieburn.i-for Puget Sound. .
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived Deo . 4— Br stmr
Wyefleld. from Tacoma. _ , - : .
■ ■ CAPE' TOWN- Arrived Dec 5— Ship . Abner
Coburn,- from Everett. — ..•"• ■ ■-'■**■..
SALINA CRUZ— Arrived Dec 6-^Schr Repeat,
from Grays Harbor. . ■ • ' , ' '.-''- ■■';!;";•>
VICTORIA— Sailed Dec 5— Ship John C Pot
ter, 'for Ladysmith. ■■'■' ■:" _ . .
COBONEL— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Hawaiian,
from New York, for San Francisco. " :f.,f.v>.
- .OCEAN STEAMERS.. . ■; ,
LIZARD— Parked Dec 5— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New. York, for Havre.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Breslau
(new).- from -Bremen, xi
Sailed Dec B— Stmr La Gascogne, for Havre ;
sttnr Bremen, for I Bremen, via Southampton. .
LIVERPOOL—Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Nomadic,
from New York; stmr Westernland, from Phll
* CHFRBOURG— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr - Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, \ from Bremen, for New
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed : Deo 5— Stmr Rhine
land, for Philadelphia; stmr Teutonic, for New
York: both from Liverpool. • ...•
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr Amster
dam. . for New York. .-.'
- LONDON— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr Mesaba. for
New, York. ■■''''_•* ■ " - '; ' ''-V<, 4 - :
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographto /■ Office, ■ U. . 8. N., . Mer
: chant*' ;■: Exchange, - Ban ,■ Francisco., Cal.,
; . 'December 5; 1901. i-- ; ■-■ .-;. ...
Tha Time -Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 1
p. in.. Greenwich mean time. /
/ -..-.■■- W. H. STAKDLET.
. ■ . Lieutenant. U. S. Navy. In Charge,
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
. Steamer. From. . Due.
Acapulco.. Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 6
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 6
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 6
Asuncion...... Tacoma ......|Dec. tf
Rainier Seattle via N. Whatcom|Dec. 6
Pomona... Humboldt |Oec. 6
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria ilJec. 6
Matteawan.... Nanalmo ..|Dec. 6
Mandalay Coquille River iUec. 1
North Fork.... Humboldt ..Dec. 7
.Wellington....' Oyster Harbor Dec. 1
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 8
Pleiades. Seattle Dec. 8
Empire Coos Bay...... Dec. 8
Centennial..... Seattle Dec. 8
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 8
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 8
Eureka... : Eureka ...Dec. 8
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ...:... Dec. 8
Peru.... China & Japan Dec. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 11
Alarneda Honolulu Dec. 11
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 12
Santa Rosa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 12
Corona Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 12
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 12
Newburg. ...;... Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 13
Nlcarla...:.... Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 15
San Juan...... Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Leelanaw N; Y. via Panama .. Dec. 18
Sonoma........ Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 16
Coptic::........ China and Japan Dec. 17
Tucapel.. Valparaiso & Way. Pts. Dec. 17
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports..... Dec. 18
' TO SAIL. ~
Bteamer~ Destination. Sails. Pl«r.
■■■.'..' December O.
W. Kruger... Tillamook Bay .... 5 pm Pier 13
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm Pier 8
Sierra......... Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
■;•-■■■ December 7.
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor ... 6 pm Pier 2
Alliance...... Portland & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
fequola....... Grays Harbor .... 5 pra Pier 2
Oint Arena.. Point Arena.'. z j:m i'ier j,
Corona Newport & Way... » am Pier 11
Ean Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Curacao..:... Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Chile.......... Valparaiso & -Way. 12 m Pier 10
Coronado..... Seattle direct ...... 6 pm Pier 3
• ' .- i. '•:.';■;.( December 8.
Pomona...... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. 8an Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
: • • *■'.'■'■ . December 1>.
O. W. Elder. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Sydney.: Panama & Way.... 12 m PMSS
Argyll n. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 27
-- ■■■ ■-■■, ■■December 1O.
Arcata........ coos B.-& Pt.' Orf'd 10 am Pier 13
'Kuiykr.y Humboldt !• urn i-'ie-r it
Empire....... coos Bay 4 pmlPler 13
Rainier....... Seattle & N. What. 5 pro Pier i.
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 2
■ : ■': December 11. «
State of Cal.i San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMS3
. • . v • ■ ■ December 12.
City Puebla.. Puget- Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
December 14.
Columbia.'.... Astoria. & Portland 11 am Pl«r II
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 8
Alameda..... Honolulu ........... 2 pm Pier V
. ■ ■ -.. December 17.
Newburg....; Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Walla .Walla. Puget ■ Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
. • ..' FROM SEATTLE. . ;
Steamer. 1 ; From. :\ DueT
Bertha....V...'. I Valdez&'Kodlak. ....... Dec. 10
Kll Thompson. I Cooks Inlet & Way Pt? X>ec. 15
City of Topeka Skaguay &:Way Ports. Dec. 17
Al-Kl.:..:...-.' Skaguay & .Way Ports. Dec. 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 18
Excelsior...... Cooks Inlet &. WayPts. Dec. 25
., •;> '■ Sun, Moon' and Tide.
United '.. States Coast' and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Baa
Francisco 'Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6.
Sun rises '. 7:11
Sun sets.......... 4:50
Moon rises .....3:00 a. m.
Tim* ' Time Tlma Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
LWHW LW HW
6 ... 1:28 2.0 8:10 5.8 2:55 0.7 9:30 4.0
7 ...' 2:10 2.3 8:47 6.9 3:35 0.3 10:25 4.1
8 ... 2:50 2.6 9:21 S.9 4:11 0.0 11:12 4.3
9... 3:27 2.9 9:50 5.9 4:46—0.3 11:57 4.3
10... 4:05 ,3.6 10:19 5.8 5:19 —0.4
H W . |L W ■• H W L W
11 .. 0:36| 4.4) 4:41 3.2 10:49 5.8 5:52—0.5
12 ... | 1:16| 4.6| 5:20 3.2 11:21 5.7 6:30—0.5
NOTE— In" the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last t!«V» of tbe
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes, occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the soundings ot the United States
Coast Survey charts.- except when a minus (— >
■tgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by tbe
charts.^ The plane of reference Is the mean of
tbe lower low waters.
|| (f Fells' Fancy Shoes, 9
iJl^ V^k Formerly- 56, 17 and 58, «
% With the dancing and social season at hand these values are cer-
ff -tainly welcome to those ladies who appreciate buying stylish fancy
h footwear at saving. prices.
1 All the fancy slippers and fancy colored top shoes which Felta
1 sold regularly for $6.00, $7.00 and $8.00 are being closed out at ,
I $3:50. •■-■.* ;..\-
1 These are the finest and swellest shoes that you can buy, no mat-
I ter how much more you pay. Every shoe is in the height of style and
g has but recently arrived from the factory. . They are part of Felts'
§ regular stock, Which is being closed out by the Walk-over Shoe
g Store.
K '■- -Among, the other values at this closing-out sale are Felts' regular
R JG ; C0_shoe3, cut to $4.00, and his usual $4.00 and $5.00 shoes reduced to
R The reductions are absolutely as marked and are offered in good faith ■
Eg by a firm which fully Intends to remain and build up a business In San
R Francisco: x .
I The Walk-Over Shoe Store
I ;■-.' Felts* Successor
I 924>r926 Market Street.
FIND STOLEN" BILL IN
ABALU'S POSSESSION
Marine Fireman Is Arrested and
Evidence of Theft Is Taken
From Him.
Mrs. Gonzales of 1121 Kearny street
caused the arrest last evening of Aurelllo
Aballi, a marine fireman, on a charge of
burglary. She attended a wake in the
Latin quarter Wednesday evening and on
returning to her home discovered that
the house had been entered and a $20
Mexican bill and jewelry valued at J400
stolen. Suspecting Aballi she went to hl3
home and accused him of havlnz com
mitted the crime. He indignantly denied
that he knew anything about the burglary
and ordered her away. Meeting Police
Officers Holmes and Skaln she told them
of her suspicions and they decided to ar
rest Aballi. He was found last night and
taken to the City Prison. When searched
the stolen bill was found in his possession.
Company I Entertains.
The entertainment given in Mission
Parlor Hall last evening by Company I
of the League of the Cross Cadets for
the benefit of their uniform fund was a
financial and social success. The pro
gramme rendered was greatly enjoyed.
56
fflbiC "j.^M^3bi fltttll
FRIDAY DECEMBER 6, 1901
_J 0HN P: SPRECKELSf - -feP-^:
AUnn in CeamBoieatiefts .to W. B. LXAKX, K|E»y»r.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prew 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Tftlrd, 8..F.
Telephone Pre»i 201. I
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered hy Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnirle Copies. B Cents.
Term* by Stall. Including: Postage*
DAILY CALX. Clndudln* Sunday), one year $1.00
DAJLY CALL, (including Sunday), C month* 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), I months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 6So
6UKDAY CALL. On* Year 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year. 1.00
All postmaster* are authorised to reeel-re
subscriptions.
SampI* copies will be forwarded when requected.
Van subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to clv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS ta order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Brotdwny
C. GEORGE KROGTTESS.
Xaaagtr fertiga AdTertliiag, Xsrgvttte Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central HSU.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHEJi B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building?
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hctel; A. Brcntaao, 11 Union Square;
Xorrajr Hill HoteL -
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Cherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium HoteL
WASHIPTGTOTf (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .140$ G St., IV. W.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BZLAiFCH OFFICES— 577 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open '
until l:*3 o'clock. S00 Hares, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until S:K> o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
ago o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock, j 1038 Valencia, open
efiffl t o'clock. lOfi Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
2200 FlUmor*. open until » i*. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "An Enemy to the King."
Columbia*— "The Girt From Maxim's."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Crust of Society-"
California— "A Stranger la a Strange Land."
Tivoli— "A Gaiety Girl."
Central— "The Streets of New York."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
WATTERSON'S PLATFORM.
SINCE Colonel Watterson decided to cease being
Warwick and concluded to be King; since he
looked upon the Governors he has made and
called them bad and decided to be Governor himself,
he has gone into retreat, far from the sound of the
distiller}- whistle when it gives shrill notice that the
worm is in order, and remote even from the tele
phone bell, which heeds no hours and has no set time
or season.
In this seclusion our interesting Mahatma is think
ing out a Democratic party, conducting it to glorious
victory and handing dov.'n party, victory and all the
offices and muniments of power to the Svvamis that
watch by night on the political plains below his
perch. He has selected the constitution of the United
States as the new platform of his triumphant Democ
racy. He has recently looked that document over,
and after the most careful inspection and trial of
every section as carefully as a wheel-tapper tries the
underpinning of a train decides that it is good leather
and any party that takes it for a platform will go
under the wire while the other is foaming down the
backstretch.
The colonel seems to think that there can be no
dispute about the constitution, and that the party
which adopts it entire will have the other on the hip.
If he will some day revisit his birthplace, Washington
City, and go to the law section of the Congressional
library, he will find a bewildering array of books con
taining the cases decided by the Supreme Court to
settle disputes over the meaning of the constitution.
He will discover that different constructions of his
proposed platform have generated legal controver
sies over Federal and State rights, over person and
property, and cover the whole range of the science
of law, from admiralty to eminent domain, from the
dominion of the sea to dominion of the land. He
will find that," from the beginning, members of the
same party have differed about the meaning of the
constitution, and members of different parties have
agreed with each other/ * .
After he has looked over the index of all these
volumes and read several syllabi he will conclude
that all differences of construction have been recon
ciled by the court, and will cry, "Go to! What if
my countrymen have been dull of apprehension and
have differed about this, the court has made it all
clear, and damned be he who cavils further!" But
if he will go to the Capitol he will find sitting in the
old Senate chamber, in a dim, religious light, nine
gentlamen arrayed in black silk gowns, cut full in the
skirt. He stands before the Supreme Court of the
United States in its working dress. Before it is a
docket, so long that it is never cleared and finished,
filled with cases arising in differences of opinion and
construction of that si me constitution. He will see
;.' the bar of that court the legal talent of the coun
try, arrayed, giant against giant, in a mighty conten
tion about what his platform means. Then he will
go back to his Himalaya and say, "Boys, let's fall
back on the familiar, home-made article. Let us con
tinue to view with aversion and alarm the policy of
the other party and point with pride to our promise
to pay, if we win 1 .".
And .that is what it will come to. With that un
quenchable enthusiasm of youth, which time cannot
touch. Colonel W2tterson cries out now: "The Dem
ocratic party is nothing if it be not the party of the
constitution. In that character, adequately equipped
and skillfully marshaled, nothing can resist it. In
Kentucky all is well. ; How is it elsewhere? Watch
man, tell us of the night!"
Well, Henry, outside Kentucky the boys continue
to water it a little.
When the British get tired of chasing the Boers
they sit down and try to think out how the Boers
manage to keep on hand so many fresh horses and
such a supply of ammunition. In the end, however,
they have to give up the problem. They find it about
as tiring as any other feature of the war.
General Buller shows about as much strategy in
bluffing the British War Office as he did in trying
to storm the Boer intrehchments, and he may yet
have an experience as sad as that which befell' him
on the romantic banks of Tugela River.
RECIPROCITY WITH CUBA,
DISPATCHES from Washington announce
that strong efforts are being made to procure
from Congress an act granting many of the
products of Cuba free access to the markets of- the
United States. The movement is supported par
tially by arguments of an economic nature, , but
mainly by appeals to sentiment. It is urged that
since we have done so much for Cuba we should do
something more; that having given her people free
dom we should now make a sacrifice of ourselves" in
order to make them rich.
It has. long been known in the world that business
and sentiment do not mix well. The combination is
always hurtful to some extent, and not infrequently
it is disastrous to both sentiment and business. The
peculiar' plea made for Cuba is therefore in its very
nature open to objection and subject to suspicion.
It may .be fairly asked if the proposed freedom of
trade with Cuba will be beneficial to American in
dustries why talk about the alleged "moral obliga
tion" to grant it? If it will not be beneficial to our
interests why not confine the plea strictly to appeals
to sentiment and leave business out of the question
altogether?
The business argument is invalid. Reciprocity with
Cuba would expose to the competition of the cheap
labor of the island many of the largest of our indus
tries, and even if they were not large the objection
would be just as strong, for the protective system
would be unfair and unjust if it did not protect all
home industries without 'respect to their magnitude.
The study of the reciprocity treaties negotiated by
Commissioner Kasson has given the American peo
ple a wider understanding of the policy of reciprocity
than they had before, and the difficulties of applying
the system in practice are now generally recognized.
The consequence has been the development of a pub
lic sentiment in opposition to the scheme as a whole.
Reciprocity with Cuba as a business proposition
would not be essentially different from reciprocity
with any other nation. It will have to be studied
with respect to its effect on American industries, and
when so studied is found to be objectionable from
every point of view.
The sentimental plea is well nigh as weak as the
business argument. It is a familiar experience that if
you help a man once you will have to help him again.
The more you help him the more he relies upon you,
and by and by you will either have to support him
altogether or quit helping him at all. We have helped
Cuba, and because we have done so it is now argued
we must continue to help her. It is therefore perti
nent to ask how far the help is to go and how long
it is to continue. To what extent are the Cubans to
have a moral right to ask our assistance in promot
ing their business because we gave them assistance in,
establishing their independence? Are the Cubans to
become, like the Indians, "perpetual wards of the na
tion," with an increasing expectation of favors to
come year after year?
If it be insisted that we are bound to help the
Cubans get rich, then the question arises how that
help shall be given. To expose a few of our indus
tries to unrestricted Cuban competition while leav
ing ether industries fully protected would be to throw
the whole burden of helping Cuba upon the exposed
industries alone. That would not be fair. If we are
morally bound to help Cuba the obligation rests upon
the whole people and not upon a few industries. The
help, therefore, should be given in the form of a sub
sidy and not in the fcrm of free trade for her prin
cipal products.
The people of the United States have freed the Cu
bans, and now the Cubans should be left to work out
their own salvation. The plea made in their behalf
is invalid, whether made a^ a business proposition or
as a sentimental appeal. Whatever duty we owe to
Cuba, our first duty is to our own people, and one of
the cardinal features of the home duty is that of pro
tecting the industries upon which our wo-rkingmen
depend fcr a livelihood. As the President himself
has said, "that is the prime consideration of our
entire economic legislation."
Colonel Bryan repeats that he does not agree with
President Roosevelt on matters of politics, but he
commends his disapproval of dock-tailed horses; so
it will be seen the Colonel is getting slowly round to
a friendly and appreciative frame of mind. By and
by he may approve of other things.
GERMAN DEPRESSION.
LET him that thinketh he standeth take heed lest
he fall applies to the pride of nations and of
men alike.
Up to eighteen monfhs ago Germany was enjoying
the greatest period of prosperity she has known in
all her history. Profit was High, her staples found
a ready market, her labor was employed, its wages
were greater than ever, and speculation, which is an
inseparable attendant upon national prosperity,
lustily rioted on the Berlin boerse. Bankers had to
enlarge their premises to accommodate customers,
and the Paris edition of the New York Herald, in its
Berlin correspondence, says the brokers became so
suddenly affluent that they bought estates for them
selves and set up establishments that rivaled the no
bility.
In the general exuberance this thick buttering of
bread on both sides was attributed to Germany's ap
pearing in "welt politik" — to her springing into the
ring as a world power. She had seated herself with
out let or leave in a Chinese seaport and had blandly
assumed the head of the table in Asia, ready to ask
Russia and England whether they preferred white or
dark meat at the feast of partition of China.
Now it has all faded like the mirage. By the subtle
operation of that law of reaction which nothing
seems able to exclude from human affairs, the tide
stopped, stood still and began to recede, carrying ruin
on its ebb.
Bankers are left loaded with stocks that are shrink
ing to nothing. ' Brokers find themselves with no
money to support the state and circumstance of their
estates. Manufactories are closing down, shipping is
idle, and in Berlin alone nearly 50,000 laborers have
no work and the harsh winter is piercing their rags.
Men marvel at it and seek the cause. One says over
speculation, another over-production, a third "welt
politik." Combined, these all may be the causes of the
cause. That is the giddy sense of danger that comes
to men when they fly tod high. Sometimes satiety
figures among the causes. A group of men feel that
for the present they have enough. They begin to
"cash in," as it were. Immediately another group
sees in this some hidden meaning and take it as a
sign to get from under, and they cash in also. The
\ first group illustrate prudence and moderation, but
their prudence runs into a panic and the wheels stop,
the sails are furled, and all credit, legitimate' and
speculative, comes to liquidation. In that day of
judgment Asiatic seaports and far islands buffer noth
ing. The pains and penalties of.ovef-conndence must
be suffered, and men must wait until the law, of re
action restores confidence, picks trade out of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1901.
ter, coaxes speculation out of the cyclone cellar, oils
the rusty wheels andcalls labor to the refreshment of
employment.
We underwent our experience in 1893, . and Ger
many is getting. hers now. However, let.no man think
that our turn will not come again, for it will. No
fiscal nor financial system, no statute nor decree, can
prevent these periods. The man who takes advantage
of; the good years to get out: of debt and keep out'
is the Solomon, the wise man of the situation, for he
will not know hard times when they meet.
We sympathize with Germany.' We have still the
taste of.souphouse bouillon in our mouths, and be
fore we forget it altogether may be swallowing h
again. .
From the firmness with which the Bulgarian ban
dits hold out for the full amount of ransom for Miss
Stone they first demanded it would seem they be
lieve they have the only missionary in the market
and have a monopoly.
A VANISHED BUGABOO.
DURING the whole of the past summer and
fall a fear of a possible reopening of this
country, to unrestricted Chinese immigration
has been upon a considerable portion of the people.
The Chinese Minister had the floor, as it were. He
began with a Fourth of July speech at Philadelphia,
diplomatically preparing the way for a sentiment in
opposition to exclusion. Thereafter he went on at
different times to speak more boldly and to suggest
special reasons. why Chinese immigration would be
beneficial to the East and to the South. His utter
ances were taken up by influential papers in the East,
and, while they were hot directly commended, they
were neither refuted nor condemned. Consequently
there was good reason on the surface of things -to
fear that the fight for exclusion would be difficult
and the victory by no means certain.
The poll of Congress by The Call correspondent
at Washington shows that after all there was more
talk than danger in the diplomacy of the astute Chi
nese Minister. Public sentiment all over the coun
try has been too firmly formed to be shaken by his
specious arguments concerning the advantages ' of
Chinese labor to the South or Chinese trade to the
East. The arguments of the Minister were taken in
the East as good subjects for midsummer discussion,
and a special interest was given to them by the fact
that they came from a Chinaman capable of making
not only witty after-dinner, speeches at American ban
quets but a first-class Fourth of July oration. The
effect of them, however, v/as virtually nothing. The
people remained steadfast in the resolve that Ameri
can workingmen shall not be exposed in their own
homes to the competition of Chinese, and that re
solve is well understood by Congressmen of all par
ties.
The firm declaration in the President's message in
favor of the immediate re-enactment of the exclusion
law so amended as to make it entirely effective, taken
together with the declarations of members of Con
gress, puts an end to all fears that may have been
felt upon the subject. It is now clear the American
people have had ample experience with race
problems and are not going to expose themselves de
liberately to the coming of another. A Chinese ex
clusion bill will be passed and it will be so drawn as
to provide for exclusion as the permanent policy of
the country.
Such being the situation there is no need to send a
delegation to' Washington, no need to raise money^.to
defray its expenses. The fight for exclusion has been
won and the, issue is settled. We shall have a better
law on the subject. than ever before, and the only
thing required of the people in future will be to see
that it is strictly and honestly enforced.
The French Government is talking abput putting
a tax upon pianos, and it is. scarcely necessary to say
there is music in the air that sounds dangerous to
the Ministry.
EUROPEAN IDEAS OF US.
THE United States is bound by treaty to keep
the Panama railway open to commerce.
Colombia, like all the isthmian and South
American countries, lias the revolutionary habit as a
chronic ailment. There seems to be no remedy for it
but phlebotomy, but bleeding rarely accompanies
revolution down there. The casualties in one . of
those frequent outbursts are hardly equal to the car^
nage of a football game between the students of two
American universities. A revolution among those
people is simply the means of changing an adminis
tration. In Salvador, for example, there has not been
a Presidential election for twenty-six years, though
the constitution of that country requires that such
election be had every four years. An administration
stays in power and stands at the point where the pub
lic revenues are lost by "friction" between the collec
tion and the public treasury, and when some ambi
tious, impecunious patriot concludes that the ins have
fattened enough on friction he strikes an attitude,
raises his voice for purity of government, gets^a few
musketeers together and chases out the incumbent
and proceeds to place himselfj at the friction point
and prospers until his turn comes. The United States
has no desire to interfere with this rotation in the en
joyment of friction, but only to protect the interests
of civilization. For this purpose it placed jackies to
guard the Panama' railway and forbade the bombard
ing of Colon, which .would have destroyed the terj
minus of that road. Thereupon European journals
saw our intention to permanently occupy the isthmus,
and indulged in serious reflections upon our imperial
purposes, and upon the Monroe doctrine in general.
We have no wish to occupy the isthmus. We are
Dy treaty the trustee of the right of the civilized world
to commercial transit of the isthmus, and' we have
asserted our responsibility in the only possible way.
When- the nickel revolution is over and the new or
old beneficiary of friction has his pocket under the
hopper, and is able incidentally to keep the isthmus
open, we will withdraw and go about- our business
elsewhere. •■..■"■
Perhaps we cannot too much wonder at the mis
construction put upon our action by European jour
nals. After all, they are only paying us back in our
own coin. When England sent a warship into Co
rinto to capture the custom-house and collect,rev
enue to pay a British subject who had been flogged
on K his bare back by the temporary tyrant of that
country Senator Morgan, then chairman of the For
eign Affairs Committee, to vent his spite on Cleve
land's administration, said in an interview that ; our
supineness had admitted England into Nicaragua and
she was there to stay, and henceforth that country
was to become a dependency of the British crown.
v'. Of course this was rot, for Great Britain was only
doing that which we might with frequent profit imi
tate. She was teaching one of these little irrespon
sible.'tyrannies to keep, its; hands off her people, and
if the lesson had involved blowing up the Corinto
cuartel it would not have been too severe.
FAREWELL LUNCHEON IS GIVEN
TO WELL-KNOWN SOCIETY BELLE
MISS GEORGIE SPIEKER enter
tained at lunch yesterday and
her eueat of hunor was Miss
Mabel duff, who departs for
the . East to-day. The resi
dence of the hostess at 2100 Devisadero
street was prettily decorated for the oc
casion. A dainty menu was served, and
during its discussion the guests were en
tertained with music. Among those
present were Mrs. Miles Baird, Mrs.
Charles Perkins, Miss Rowena Burns,
Miss Delia Fortmann, Miss Ruby Ses
sions, Miss Clara Underlain, Miss Elinor
Eckart and Miss Maud Cluff.
♦ ♦ ♦ -
The International Doll Show is a flnan-
PERSONAL MEM10N.
Henry Goosen, a merchant of Cordelia,
is at the Russ..
J. H. Harris, a leading merchant of Sa
linas, is at the Russ.
W. R. Spaulding, an extensive lumber
dealer of Vlsalia, is at the Lick.
J. A. Loutitt, a well-known attorney 'of
Stockton, is registered at the Lick.
H. H. Jastro, a Supervisor of Kern
County, is registered at the Grand.
Lady Adelaide Taylor of London and
Mrs. Maude of Ottawa are at the Palace.
H. J. Ostrander of Merced is in the city.
He has made the Russ his headquarters.
George B. Katzenstein. an extensive
fruit shipper of Sacramento is at the Pal
ace.
Dr. E. J. Hennessey, a medical practi
tioner of Napa, Is among the arrivals at
the Grand.
Charles W. Coe,. owner of the Rancho
San Felipe, is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.
Chaplain C. M. Charlton of the United
States volunteers is spending a few days
at the Occidental.,
Julian P. Smith, an- extensive wine
grower of Livermore, is in the city on a
short business trip and is registered at
the Palace.-
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New York:
From San Francisco— A. B. Powers, J.
H. Miller, C. D. Taylor and D. F. Hughes,
at the Imperial; E. S. Swan and wife,
Mrs. Griffin and J. H. Watkinson and
wife, at the Manhattan; G. G. William
son; T. McGec and E. McGettigan, at the
Hoffman; Mrs. H. E. Huntington, the
Misses Huntington and Miss Malone, at
the ' Holland; D. Searles, at the Herald
Square; E. Noble, at the Criterion.
From Oakland — The Misses Dunn, at the
St. Denis; W. N. Alexander, at the Man
hattan.
From Los Angeles— S. S C. Hugh, at the
Herald Square.
From San Jose — Mrs. W. L. Pieper, at
the Imperial. ' . _
"John," said Mrs. Billus, after the
caller had gone away, "I wish you
wouldn't bunch 'your. blunders so."
'.'What . do you mean, Maria?" asked
Mr. Billus. , .
"I didn't mind your telling her that you
were ten years older than I, but you fol
lowed it up a minute later by letting it
'slip- out that you were 52.'V-Chicago
Tribune.
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. To wnsend.
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information' supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau vAllen's). 510 Mom-
tomery street. Telephone Main 1043, •
An anachronism Is the telling of a
bright remark which we made at the cor-
rect moment, whereas as a matter of fact
we did. not. think of. it until the morning
after:..,- ,,V-u, . , ; • ■••
HOTEL DEL' CORONADO. I choicest ] Winter
Resort in the world, offers best living, climate,
boating. . bathing, ■ flailing and . most amuse*
meets. E. S. Babcock. manacor. ; Coronado. Cal. :
cial success and the patronesses are jubi
lant. Last night the attendance was
very good. Quite a sum was added to
the amount already taken in. The vis
itors were entertained with an excellent
programme. The numbers were as fol
lows :
Flower song "Faust" (Gounod), Miss Logan
Tooley; (a) "Dawn" (Somerset), (b) Siciliana
"Cavalleria Rustlcana" (Mascagrnl), Herbert
¦Williams; quartet, "Spanish Bolero" (Wie
gand), Knickerbocker Quartet.
Among the ladies who assisted yester
day were:
Mrs. C. E. Chase, Mrs. Coley, Mrs. Jones,
Miss Wooley. Mrs. Daniel McLeod. Miss Soule
of San Mateo. Miss Shelton, Miss Boston, Mlsa
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
* FUNERAL PROCESSION— M., City.
There is an ordinance of San Francisco
that declares that It is a misdemeanor for
any one,, without authority of law, to dis
turb, disquiet or Interrupt a funeral pro
cession.
TELEPHONE— T. T. II.. City. The
principle of using a wire to convey the
sound of the human voice is not a new
one. It is said that Robert Hook con-
Vfejed sounds over a wire as long ago as
1667. Alexander Graham Bell used the
in the modern sense of that
word in 1871.'
I glUMl. HI..'i.lmil.ULJ k _^^,^j .j
I ■ Ill „,„„„,—» ,-— ,,,,., m r,
SAN FRANCISCO'S ELIIE SOCIETY OF YEARS AGO
AND HOW THEY ENTERTAINED.
One cf the most interesting storiss of earlyiay life in thi3 city
that has ever been published. Illustrated with rare photographs. I
\ THE EIGGEST PANORAMA
PKOTO EV£R TAKEN AND
HOW IT WAS DONE.
I EMMACALVEANDHERPRO-
TEGE, EDNA DARCH.
CURIOUS THINGS IN THE «
. = _=v
ONE OF THE NOTABLE ART
GALLERIES Or SAN FRAN-
; KING AND QUEEN OF 5IAM
TO VISIT SAN FRANCISCO.
POSTER PAGE BY GELETT
BURGESS.
SUMDAY CALL CHRISTMAS EDITION OUT DECEMBER 15*'
A special isiu= full of California stories By Western writers.
T^ e m * st Chris-.mas issue ever pyblhhcd oa the cosst
JSMJSUM.— II JlJLLj' ' ._ ' ' l " '' *'" ' "" * ''"' »"' '--'
I1IM^ BBBBBBBSBiSBBB^BJ B^B^Bfli BOBBS^BSBBl Ssi BBBBSBSBSBBBSBBBBBBBBBBSBBBa
Nichols, Miss Painter. Miss Virginia Glbbs. Mlas
Bertie Bruce. Mis* Gladys Deal. Miss Jeanette
Deal. Miss Ramua, Miss Cecilia Ratnus. Mlsa
Edith JicBean, Mrs. A. M. Prindle, Mrs.
George Wellington, Mrs. M. A. Ramus, Mrs.
George S. Baker, Mrs. J. V. D. Mlddleton. Mrs.
John Landers. Miss Annie Newlands, the
Misses Osborn. Miss Sharpe. Miss "Wright. Mrs.
J. F. D. Curtis. Miss Price. Miss Van Reyne
gom, Miss Frances Van Reynegom, Miss Cor
nelia Curtis. Miss Ida Price, Mrs. John I. Sa
bin, Mrs. Redmond W. Payne, Mrs. Taylor.
Mrs. W. G. Dodd, Miss Dorsey, Miss Belnap
and Miss Irene Sabin. - '.' * -
Mrs. George "W. Kline. Mrs. E. M. Spalding,
Miss C. Huntington, Miss Helen Kline, Miss
K. C. Spalding. Miss Beatrice Gibbs, Miss
Eliza Kline. Mrs. Alfred Clarke, Mrs. F. L.
Southack, Miss Mabel Southack. Miss Ada E.
Clarke. Miss Lucine Ransome, Miss Amy Gunn,
Miss Ruth Clarke, Miss "Wllhelmina Cochrane,
Mlsa Mabel Gale. Miss Edith Kennedy. Mrs.
Charles E. Gibbs, Mrs. George H. Kellogs.
Miss Helen Glbbs, Miss Collier, Mlsa Carolan,
Miss Rogers. Miss McBean, Miss Taylor, Mrs.
Sanchez, Mrs. E. J. Lion, Mrs. Loi
HOSTESS AND TWO GUESTS AT A
LUNCHEON GIVEN IN HONOR
OF A DEPARTING DEBUTANTE.
Monteagle, Mrs. Noble, Miss Hayes, Miss
Helen Noble. Miss Kathleen Booth, Miss Mi
riam Wallace and Miss Florence de Long.
• • •
Mrs. William F. Stewart of Nevada
will be the guest of honor at a luncheon
to be given at the residence of Mrs. W.
F. Herrin to-day.
• • •
Preparations for the dinner party to b©
given to-morrow evening at the residence
of I. W. Hellman are nearing comple
tion. The home will be beautifully deco
rated in honor of Miss Flora Hellman,
who will make her debut into society.
• • •
Miss Mabel Toy will give a euchre part,
at the Sorosls Club Saturday afternoon.
• • •
The Friday Fortnightly Club will hold
its cotillon at Cotillon Hall thi3 evening.
A delightful time is expected.
• • •
The red room of the Bohemian Club
will present an attractive appearance this
afternoon. The winter art exhibition of
the club will be held and the paintings
that have been hung by the committeo
are not only attractive but beautiful.
• • •
Miss Margaret Cameron Smith's clever
sketch, entitled "The Farce of the Klep
tomaniacs," will be presented In Century
Hall this afternoon under the auspices of
the Friday Fortnightly Literary Club.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
"She has built a house on the Hudson
and painted it gray and red. I wish you
could see it."
"Why, the architect told me it was to
be in the Elizabethan style."
"Oh, but this is her own Idea — a com
bination of the Lady Jane Grey and tha
Bloody Mary."— Leslie's Weekly.
"If I thought that any girl would ac
cept, me," casually remarked the bashful
Mr. Dolyers, "I'd propose to-morrow."
"Why not this evening?" asked Mis3 J
Fosdick, coyly. /
The affair will take place In about a.
month.— Chicago Journal.AMUSEMENTS.
zTL-f H HAT R E^Ap
BELA8CO & CTALL. .......Manager.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
AN « TO THE IIJBT
First Time »t Popular Prices.
GREAT ALCAZAR CAST
NEOT— "CHRISTOPHER JR."
,„,,. TO-NIpHTS THE NIGHT.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
America'8 Greatest Emotional Actress
IN
The Crust of Society
Good Orchestra Scats All Matinees. 25c.
VAUDEVILLE REIGNS SUPREME
Bnmond'a Parisian Minstrels, Wer-
dea and Shepherd, La Tortajada,
and the Biograph. Last times of
the Onllaw Trio, Mile. Taglione,
Goleman's Trained Dogs and Cats,
and the Kaufmann Troupe.
Cn^^l^^eag^^- 1Oc; °* e ~
TO-NIGHT. Matinee Tomorrow
A STRANGER in a
STRANGE LAND
The Brightest Comedy Seen la Tears. *
Remainder of Week, for the Younsr
Romantic Actor
S. MILLER KENT,
Presenting Nat C. Goodwin's Great Succ<~«
"THE COWBOY AND THE LADY"
By Clyde Fitch.
Complete Kew York Knickerbocker Theater
Production.
EVENIXGS AT 8 SHARP!
Matinee Saturday Only at 2 Sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT and Rest of "Week, by Special
Request,
"A Gaiety Girl."
MONDAY,' December 9— Last Week.
"in town."
POPin-AH PRICES 25c, 59c and 75o
Telephone Bush 9.
COLUMBIA 2KB
Erexjr Night This "Week— Including Sunday
MATINEE SATURDAY 7
FAMOUS FUNNY FARCE *
TBE GIRL FROM MAXIM'S.
The Best of All New York Successes
LAST TIME SUNDAY NIGHT! "
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian
JEFFERSON DE ANGELIS,
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty
" A ROYAL ROGUE."
BEATS NOW READY.
BE LAS CO amoTHALCS \rfejtfVgz,
'^ «wn? cor wut
TO-NIGHT, Saturday and Sunday Evenings.
MATIXEE TO-MORROW AXD SUNDAY.
Dion Boudcault'a Great American Drama, The
STREETS OF
NEW YORK.
The Big Scenic Production of the Year.
8ee the Great Fire Scene.
Startling Effects— Exciting Climaxes.
pmrCC Evenings 10c to 50c
IlilvLj Matinees 10c. 15c. 23o
Next Monday— "THE ELECTRICIAN."
gg^* RACING
Every Weelc Day—
%r Rain op Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races rtart at 2:15 s. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
U:*0, X. 1:30, 2. 2:30 and a p. m., connecting
with trains stopping tt the entrance tn tb»
track. Last two can on train reserved for
Itdles end their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Ehell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
sect 'With San Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrto
cars co direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
P^tumlng— Trains leave the track at 4:16 and
4: IS p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. y. PRICE. Sfccy. and Mgr.
CHUTES ANI^ZOO *S7«*Jsr
BIO VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
NEW MOVIXO PICTURES.
Including a. Picture of ■ the Hi-Fated SAN
RAFAEL.
SPECIAL TO-MORROW NIGHT,
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK.
Telephone tor Seats Park 23.
ncrUPD'C CONCERT HOUSE.
rlbl/nUn O Adminsion lOc.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; John Desmond;
the Four Lernere; Blanche Reynolds; Kalacra-
tus* Dunning and Grimm; Oro. Bernard and
Oro. and Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats
25c." Matinee Sunday. ' _^
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad ana
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
paes tlio entrance.
American and European plans.
OPERA SEASON CLOSES
AMID EXCITING SCENES
AND TUMULT OF CHEERS
Theater Is Crowded by Brilliant Audience
and Flowers Are Showered on Artists.
. Grau Company Departs.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
WELL, It Is all over, the bril
liant song and pageant of the
last three weeks at the Grand
Opera-house, and It closed last
night in a great blaze of glory.
No such scenes as those that marked last
night's performance of "Le Nozze di Fi
garo," with its matchless cast, have been
witnessed here since Patti's day. It was
the old-time sort of reception one has
"heard tell of," but sees once only per
haps In a lifetime: flowers raining upon
the stage, deafening applause, and the
whole paraphernalia of enthusiasm in full
working order.
It began with Frltzi Scheff, whose
choice singing of the Cherubino song,
•*Vol che sapete," received an enthusias
tic encore, . and a couple of bouquets as
tall as the piquant little damsel herself, j
• Then Campanari, the competent, came
in for a share of the' plaudits as Figaro,
whose marriage caused all the trouble.
Afterward came the magnificent recep
tion to Mme. Eames. after her "Dove
Sono" aria. I have never seen anything
quite like it so far in my life. It was
more like a Tivoli crowd multiplied by ten
than anything else, that greeted the
opera, and gave godspeed to the singers
last night, and Eames got the first full
taste of its quality. After her "Dove
Sono" she stood under a rain of flowers,
all fair red and white like her lovely
gown, that took three \ ushers to carry
them off the stage, and came out time and
time and time again to satisfy the clam
orous audience. She did not repeat the
aria, as the "letter duet" followed almost
immediately. 1
That, of course, was the signal for an
other flood of enthusiasm, to which Mme\
Eames and Mme. Sembrich graciously re
sponded with an encore. Then came Sem
brich's turn, and the demonstration of the
eeason greeted the most glorious singer
that most of us ever hope to hear. The
progress of the opera was again impeded
by several minutes and Seppilli, with his
sharp little rap on the desk, had to call,
the audience to order at the last.
De Reszke, the magnificent, and all-
Batisfylng Almavina had his greeting, too,
and the close of the second act marked a
distinct triumph for the audience in that
the elusive Mr. Seppilli was presuaded
upon the stage. I don't know how they
got him there. The only other occasion
during the season when the modest con
ductor was found on the further side of
the footlights was when some ingenious
improvisatore told him that Mr. Grau had
asked for him there! I noticed, though,
that Mr. Seppilli seized the occasion to
imprint an admiring kiss upon Sembrich's
pretty hand.
Tavecchia, the excellent Bartolo of the
cast; Miss Bauermeister, the clever Mar
cellina; Reiss, the very worthy Basilio,
and Dufriche, the good Antonio, all got
their welcomes. But the closing scene
surpassed all. Women crowded down the
aisles, waving their handkerchiefs, piping
"bravos" at the top of their voices. They
clambered through the orchestra and
right to the stage to touch the hands of
the reigning queens, who stood there giv
ing audience to scores of their adorers.
Nine times the closing curtain went up
and down and thus ended with all honors
the second cf the Grau season of grand
opera here, a never-to-be-forgotten scene.
Gadski received an ovation yesterday
afternoon for her noble and beautiful per-
SHEEPMEN FORM
A BIG COMBINE
Propose to Lease Ranges
so as to Exclude the
Cattle Kings.
CHEYENNE. "Wyo., Dec. 5.— A gigantic
combination is being: formed at Rawlins
by the sheepmen of what is known as
the Sweetwater country for the purpose
of excluding flockmasters from Utah and
local cattlemen from encroaching upon
what is known as the Red Dester winter
ranges in Sweetwater County. It is pro
posed to lease and buy from the Union
Pacific every alternate section owned by
the company and thereby control approx
imately 1,500,000 acres of the finest win
ter feeding ground in the West.
By leasing all of the land, which will
also give them control of the alternate
Government sections, the sheepmen will
hold full sway, and range conflicts, which
have been frequent, will come to an end.
. The sheepmen who propose to lease the
land have offered the railroad company a
rate of 1 cent per acre, or J4800 per year,
for the land. The proposition has been
wired to the Union Pacific general offices
at Omaha, and it is expected that the
deal will be closed in a few days.
J. MORGAN SMITH IS ON
STAND FOB MANY HOTTRS
"Writer of Kershow "Will Under Cross-
Examination by Attorney for
Contestants.
J. Morgan Smith, who wrote the will
of Max Kershow, the Yale athlete, the
probating of which is now being opposed
in Department 9 of the Superior Court,
was cross-examined yesterday by Attor
ney Rix for the contestants. Smith was
put on the stand early yesterday morn
ing and until 5 o'clock in the afternoon
answered question after question con
cerning his knowledge of the document
which he says he wrote at the dictation
of the deceased collegian. He stuck to
his story of the day before, however.
He copied the disputed will, writing it
under the same conditions he claims ex
isted at 10 o'clock on the night of April 5,
when the purported will was written by
him. The document was then submitted
in evidence.
The case was continued until Monday
at 2 p. m. *m>:
Piano Purchasers,
ATTENTION!
28 Grand and Upright
PIANOS 1
Used by Artists of the GRAU OPERA
COMPANY Will Be Offered . for Sale at
Largely Reduced Prices.
COMMENCING MONDAY, DECEMBER 9.
Old Instruments Taken in Exchange.
o '"■'' " " • — — — --o
Among all the instruments of re- > I
nowned makers here and abroad I to- I
day prefer the Weber.
EMMA CALVE. >
b _ — 6
CLARK WISE & CO,v
•41 G5ARY STREET,
Cor. Gran j Are.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL,; FRIDAY* DECEMBER 6; 1901.
THE most remarkable season of
grand opera ever, given on this
: coast terminated last night at the
Grand Opera-house and the Grau
. Company is now speeding toward
Kansas City on a special train that left
the 'Oakland mole at 2 o'clock this morn
ing.
During the four weeks' season the com
pany gave thirty performances and the
receipts have reached the sum of $230,000.
The number of people who heard the
grand opera figures up to more than 80,000,
and it is a record for Captain of Police
Spillane and his men that not a single
accident has occurred at the Grand
Opera-house nor has any property of the
visitors been lost.
Calve, Sanderson and Eames will not
sing with the Grau Company in Kansas
City next week, owing to their voices be
ing affected by colds.
Calve leaves this morning for Florida,
where she will rest until she Is able to
join Grau in New York for the season.
Eames departs for St. vLouis this morn
ing and will rest there for one week until
the company arrives in' that city. Sybil
Sanderson has decided to have an opera
tion performed on her throat and will
probably remain in California for a few
weeks. It is estimated that Manager'
Grau has profited, more than $50,000 on the
season in this citv. !
formance of Elizabeth's part in "Tann
hauser." The prima donna was In splen
did form; as she has been throughout
the engagement, and sang as well, per
haps better, than she has ever sung be
fore here. If Eames has It in the ulti
mate perfection of her Elsa— and I think
she has— Gadski's Elizabeth Is a larger
and more satisfying conception than
Eames' interpretation of the part. It is
a rounded, womanly, tender reading,
having all stateliness and fineness be
sides. Her voice lacks the last perfec
tion of control, but Is so touching and
sympathetic, as well as powerful and
dramatic in quality, that the lack is
largely forgotten. Gadski looks the part
beautifully ' and makes a lovely - picture
in her handsome garb. She was shower
ed with flowers at the second act's end,
and responded in her gracious, character
istic way to the hearty welcome.
"Tannhauser" is many sizes too large
for Mr. Dippel, who yesterday essayed
the erring knight's part. His "Lohen
grin" was so good that I expected much
from his "Tannhauser," but he did not
succeed in filling the bill. Only in the
"Saengerfest" scene did he rise to any
power, but his performance was without
other offense than its weakness. Mr.
Bispham's Wolfram was all that could
be desired, of noble accent and vocal
splendor. This versatile singer does noth
ing better than his reading of the stately
and high-minded Wolfram's part. Mr.
Blass filled in the part of Herman with
dignity and power. Mme. Reuss-Belce
was satisfactory as Venus and Miss Car
rie Bridewell was uncertain and untune
ful as the shepherd.
Only a poor house greeted the music
drama, a house hearty, though eccen
tric, in its enthusiasm, breaking in here,
there and everywhere with well-inten
tioned though ill-timed applause. Dam
rosch conducted with his usual compe
tence, though not quite his customary
spirit.
BARK CRASHES
ON THE ROCKS
French Vessel Ernest
Reyer Meets With
Disaster.
ABERDEEN, Wash., Dec. 5.— At 2
o'clock Wednesday morning, while the
terrible storm was raging along the coast,
the French bark Ernest Reyer went on
the rocks off the mouth of Quinault River,
about thirty miles north of Grays Har
bor.
The vessel struck heavily on the beach
and the full force of the waves pounded
her further up the shore, every incom
ing sea washing clear over her. In the
darkness and storm It was impossible to
see how far away the land lay, but the
officers and men cleared away the boats
and made for the shore, all reaching land
in safety.
When the ship first struck a heavy sea
made a breach over her, carrying off
three of the sailors, who were driven back
on board again by the receding wave and
scrambled Into one of the small boats
just as it was leaving the vessel.
The shipwrecked men are being cared
for on the beach by the Quinault Indians,
but they have no hopes of saving: their
ship, as she now lies hard aground with
the breakers pounding her to pieces.
Masts, rigging and sails have gone and
she will be a total loss.
The Ernest Reyer is a steel-built French
baric of 3500 tons, built at Nantes. France
ten months ago. She was Commanded by
Captain Pullizuyet. She carried a crew
of twenty-eight men. She cleared from
Madagascar on her maiden voyage
touched at Tasmania for orders and
from there proceeded in ballast for Port
land. Mate Rochon came from the scene
of the wreck on the tug- Ranger this after
noon with news of the disaster and will
! ea YS f ST Po £ u £nd to-morrow to report
to the French Consul there. ;>*,";
A .«-t-t..t..t »«»... ............
SCHLEY IS REPORTED
Continued From Page One.
t uegos to a point to southward of San-
That there Is no foundation for' the
charges of cowardice directed against the
commanding officer of the flying squad
ron, who, on the other hand, showed him-
e ™ t( J ♦£ a J 3ra^ e and gallant officer.
That the. bombardment of the Colon at
the ranges employed by Rear Admiral
Schley was Justifiable In view of the pS
hlbition against the exposure of armor
clads to the fire of shore batteries
That the blockade maintained by the
flying squadron at Clenfuegos and San
tiago was entirely effective.
That the loop executed by the Brooklyn
wa i £ maneuver the necessity for which
had been determined by the officer at the
moment it was ordered. e
tattle Rear Admiral BdBTfflVS "£
Fight Over Chinese Girl.
Prank J. Kane has petitioned the Su
perior Court for. an order commanding
Mrs. Kate B. Lake to appear and show
cause why she should not be punished for
contempt for her refusal to deliver into
mV custody the person of Chan Ah Vine
a Chinese girl, over whom Kane obtained
letters of guardianship last January
Kane clalma that notwithstanding that he
has made numerous demands for the cus
S& & u h p e Slrl> MrS - Lak « "fuses'
To Limit Liability.
The Kimball Steamship Company filed
in the United States District Court yes
terday a petition to limit It3 liability in
the suit of Ella M. Weisshaar, brought in
the Superior Court to recover 540.000 dam
ages forMthe drowning or her husband In
Golovin Bay while being conveyed as a
passenger to the steamer Albion in one
of the company's small boats: The small
boat upset and several passengers were
drowned.- - * ," ■ ■ • ■■ i,- -■<
' ' APVERTISEaTElTTS. ■
$1.OO A YEAR, but at any price THE BEST
"In a rare degree I McClure's Magazine is V"^ • i • C McClure's is American — with the American-
gripping art and life both at once." f-Mfl lOli TOT" TOO'? ism ihsLt breathes the spirit of the soil, the
—A Reader. * XV^l/XV^XJ. 1\J± AV/U^ factory and the office."— Baltimore Herald.
MCCLURE'S FICTION has come to be recognized as having a to politics, from America around the world and back again. This is
distinctive quality. Certain it is that the Magazine stands because McClure's publishes the work of ne.y as well as old favorite
for love> action, romance, humor; for the good old themes that authors, so long as they write about what they know, undeistand and
are forever new in their fresh appeal to the heart and the imagination, love. If stories are told sincerely, with knowledge and moving power,"
Then, too, the story is the thing in McClure's fiction. It happens that they are literature. Real literature and real life are inseparable in
the stories for 1902 are laid in a great variety of fields, from Wall Street McClure's ideal of fiction,
to the forests of Michigan, from the nursery to society, from animal life
0&& NEW ROMANTIC LOVE STORY " MR. DOOLEY " ON HIS TRAVELS
Ife**^I By BOOth Tarkington P * DUNN ? (" Mr - Dooley 7) has won SW'S
\i if p ' •*- * the American public as much by the S¥\ /*|3|
Y^t/jVc! A UTHOR of " The Gentleman from In- kindly sympathetic humanity of his comments \m?*W \.
j£fi{ r**^ "^ diana" and Monsieur Beaucaire," will as by their sanity, their shrewdness, and the
/&$%?${/ *-• shortly begin serial publication in McClure's rollicking humor of their presentation. In the, m^^^^^L
WSs /\/ Jy' Magazine. This new novel rings with the papers to be published in McClure's Magazine'
same fresh, romantic note and displays the same he will characterize the typical New Yorker,
tJ5^ rare gift of dramatic construe- Bostonian, Philadelphian, the
JnttiunmTe. tion that made his other works 1.. „ „ . rr>rr > o || of Chicago and ,.*»»».
immediate successes. /Vl^ \^. L LJ IV t^ Washington, showing how the *
The. new story by Mr. Tarkington deals with * V^A^^ /f^TITVTE? different types of our fellow countrymen have been
life in Indiana at the time of ' the Mexican War. N\f\\. f A / I i\ ■ . developed. If only for the revelation of ourselves to
A time of simple culture, much joy of life, when the 1 . for January | ourselves this new work will have incalculable value,
rigors of the rude pioneer life had passed and the n % 1 [ T" f™ 1 1 r ;r-Tj
people were still untouched by the commercial spirit |pg Bf^'^ffsPF ffij TW0 Novelettes of American Life
that came with the railroads. In the bustle of people H3 »frfr sUg THE FOREST RUNNERS
and events constantly appear the hero and heroine, " ?> 4T > r r> Y Stewart Edward White, author of "The Westerners."
whose love is the main theme of the Story. This ideal rrfrr /-r^ =g =j ■ L> The tale of a race and maneuvers for a forest claim in
love story is the more interesting because it comes Sf| the woods cf Michigan, a fresh, clear-cut American story,
out of. characteristic American period that has never §| II %£Z £^^
before been so beautifully portrayed. || 1 1 A BATTLE 0F MILLIONAIRES
LIT.TE STORIES OF MARRIED LIFE M #5feli I | RY the author of "Wall Street Stories." Edward Le-
~\/T ARY STEWART CUTTING has taken for her own a |||| fo^jggljlij^j 1 u f£vre tells the story of the most remarkable fight tbat
1 L corner of life which is indeed open to all; but which rp^ >||^sg^l|p|tea |* £ ever occurred in Wall Street. The great financiers are
has seldom been entered with such sympathy, insight and ?$?& ~'~~\| -3?& pictured to the life. Though in the form of fiction this
ability. She brings out sweet, simple stories of love and WJ^ 3 ~~ ' —^ thrilling narrative is fact, and discloses pieces of secret
devotion, of trials meekly borne and joys gladly shared. j urrnt j fi nanc j a i history.
Romance and Reality Of GhildhOOd Rudyard Kipling will tell in his old virile manner Octave Thanet. Western Stories that stir with
««^^^™i- *. »^^^ ,v . «~ . ■.. some new, stirring and wholesome tales. Western spirit.
JOSEPHINE DODGE DASKAM, author of
"The Madness of Phillip," adds to that group of George Ade, whose fables have echoed merrily W. D. Hulbert. Animal Stories (The Lynx, The
youngsters which Phillip led forth to triumph, throughout the land, is entering a new field, carry- Trout, etc.). .
" Edgar the Choir Boy Uncelestial •• Ardeha i ng out ambitions long cherished. His forth-
in Arcady and others, e Miss Cory s drawings coming short stories will appear in Robert BaiT. Stories of Adventure .' :
will as ever enhance the interest. .
EMMY LOU, Mrs. Martin's winsome little hero- Frank H. Spearman. New Railroad stories. There will be more stories by the author of " The
ine, continues her career in the public school going . Red-Haired Cupid."
up from reader to reader. She is faithfully pictured F . Hopkinson Smith. Tale of a typical sea captain.
by Charles L. Hinton. . Norman Duncan. Tales of Newfoundland.
STORIES OF LIFE'S BATTLES Joel Chandler Harris. Tales of the South.
McClnris frequently publishes stories which, be. . Other contributors to the fiction of the vear will be
sides being good stories, have significance as docu- Hamlin Garland. Picturesque Indian Stories. Henry van Dyke, Anthony Hope, William Allen
ments of contemporaneous life. Some of the best White, Elizabeth Stuart Phelps, Sarah Orne Jewett,
of these await publication. Jack London. Adventures in the wild Northwest. Seumas MacPlanus.
THIS announcement is confined to fiction and covers that field only in kinds that cannot be defined, go to heighten the interest of McClure's.
part, but some of our best stories are not fiction but true tales of big Further announcements will be found in these columns. Our prospectus,
things done in science, exploration and adventure. Many articles of many giving full information, will be sent free on application.
it j ■ mi a ' Send subscriptions and
JpSKgg $J.OO A YEAR, but at any price THE BEST 2£5s£S5 co.
fret on application. T > , r E. 25th St., New York City
SOUTHEEN PACIFIC
CHANGES TIME TABLE
Railroad Company Puts on More
Trains for the Winter
. Travel.
There will be several important changes
in the time table of the Southern Pacific
Company . commencing to-morrow. The
local for Oroville and Sacramento leaves
at 3 p. m., instead of 4 p. m. The Owl for
Los Angeles, via Fresno, leaves at 4:30
p. m., instead of 5 p. m. The Stockton
train leaves at 5 p. m., instead of 4:30 p. m.
There will be no 5:30 p. m. train via Ba
kersfleld. All of these trains leave from
the Oakland mole. ■
On the coast division, leaving the Third
and Townsend streets depot, the Los An
geles day train for leading stations leaves
at 8 a. m. The Sunset Express for New
Orleans and Eastern points leaves at 7
p. m. The local for San Luis Oblspo and
way stations leaves at 9 a, m. The Sunset
Limited will pull out at 4:50 p. m. Mon
days, Wednesdays and Fridays for New
York and New Orleans.
Word was received in the city yester
day that Chief Counsel Herrin of the law
department of the Southern Pacific will
return to this city from his Eastern trip
on the 20th inst.
E. O. McCormick, general passenger
traffic manager of the Southern • Paciflo
Company, left last night, accompanied by
his secretary, George Gardner, for th«
quarterly meeting of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association at St. Louis.
THROWN DOWN AND
ROBBED IN DOORWAY
Arthur Simpson, a Cook From Selby,
the Victim of Two Foot
pads.
Arthur Simpson, a cook from Selby, re
ported to the police early yesterday
morning that while entering the Dewey
lodging-house on East street about 11
o'clock Wednesday night he was attacked
by two men. One grabbed him by , the
throat and threw him down and the other
went through his pockets, taking about
$20 in coin and two gold medals which
bear the name "Leo Simpson." One is for
mathematics and the other for Christian
doctrine. .
Simpson was considerably under the
influence of liquor and said he could not
give any description of the two footpads.
It was all done so quickly that he had
no time to call for assistance. Policemen
Mullender and Clifford were detailed on
the case, but they could find no trace of
the robbers. .. .V' 1 .
WELBORN'S BONDSMEN"
MUST PAY, JUDGMENT
Their Offer of More Than $42,000
Bejected by Authorities at.
• Washington.;
The bondsmen of ex-Internal Revenue
Collector Welborn will be required to
pay the full amount of the judgment ob
tained against them in the United States
Circuit Court > 4 several months ago to
cover the defalcation of Welborn. The
opinion to this effect reached ' United
States District Attorney Woodworth yes
terday in a communication from the Sec
retary of ■ the Treasury/ inclosing the
legal opinion of Maurice D. O'Donnell,
Treasury Solicitor.-
The bondsmen had deposited in the
Sub-Treasury In this city the sum of
$42,209 78 as an offer of compromise. This
offer haa ■ been rejected and -the United
States Attorney is instructed to begin
proceedings for the collection of the
whole of the judgment after returning to
the bondsmen the amount left by them
In the Sub-Treasury.
Bendixsen Wins Suit.*
.. A t -jury in Judge Graham's court ren
dered a verdict yesterday, in favor of the
plaintiff in the ; suit J brought . by. H. • D.
Bendixsen against William A. Mitchell
and George : D. Gray for $19,500 due on
the. cost' price of. the steamer. Hueneme.
The suit was brought to recover the cost
of . extra\ labor in building the vessel
caused-; byia change, in the specifications
of -the original -contract. '■' ,
RAID ON SLOT MACHINES
IS BEARING GOOD FRUIT
Judge Conlan Accused of Refusing to
' Issue His Share of the
Complaints.
The ten grocers and saloon-keepers who
were arrested Wednesday for using
nickel-in-the-slot machines on their prem
ises that paid in checks redeemable in
coin appeared in the police courts yes
terday morning. In Judge Fritz's court
H. Schroeder pleaded guilty and George
H. James and George Wobber were found
guilty. They will appear for sentence
to-morrow. In Judge Cabaniss' court
James Ferguson and George Gibbs plead
ed guilty and were each fined $5. Charles
Wakefleld pleaded not guilty and his case
was continued till December 10. In Judge
Mogan's court Henry Heine, Ed Reid,
George Kroh and Charles Schoene plead
ed not guilty and their cases were con
tinued for a week.
Policemen Levings and Wedekind se
cured the evidence In the cases and yes
terday morning Wedekind went with five
new complaints to Judge Conlan, as Chief
Wittman wanted all the Judges to have
their share. The complaints were not
sworn to and Wedekind reported to the
Chief that Conlan refused to accept them,
as they were "John Doe's." He insisted
upon the names being filled in, but" the
officer told him that he did not know the
names, although he knew the persons
wanted. The Chief advised him to get
the other Judges to accept them. Conlan
declares that he did not refuse to accept
the complaints and told the officer to try
to obtain the names, but if not successful
to return and he would issue the war
rants.
MORGAN CITY CASE
IS STILIi ON TRIAL
Defense Contends That Charter Party
of the Wrecked Ship Is Not
Valid.
The trial of the suit of the La Due Gold
Mining and Development Company
against the Frankfort Marine Insurance
Company occupied yesterday's session of
the, Circuit Court. The case hangs upon
the validity of the charter party of the
wrecked Morgan City, the freight upon
which had been insured with 1 the defend
ant. The defense s has raised the conten
tion that the charter party is void because
at the time it was made between the Gov
ernment and the firm of Barneson & Chll
cott, John . Barneson, senior member of
the firm, was also an officer of the Gov
ernment-and was prohibited by statute
from being a party to the contract.
Captain Barneson raises the point that
at the time of the signing of the charter
party 'he was a member of the firm of
Enrneson' &:Chllcott and was not con
nected with the Government service in
any manner. Several months afterward,
when the Government renewed the char
ter party for. the services of the Morgan
City as an army transport, he was marine
superintendent of army transports, but he
contends that that fact did not Invalidate
the agreement. The case will be resumed
this morningv
To Guard Chinese Immigrants.
As a result of reoresentations made by
Customs Collector Stratton to . the Treas
ury Department with reference to the too
frequent escape of Chinese ' immisrnnts
from the detention shed at the Mall dock
the Secretary of the Treasury has given
permission i for the building of an office
on. the Mail dock near the shed for the
use of Chinese Inspector Schell and his
staff, who will be stationed there in the
future i to prevent escapes. The building
will be elected at the expense of tho Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company.
Police AfteTthe "Grafters."
The : police have . started a raid , upon
"grafters" around the Police Courts, us
instructed by Chief; Wittman, and yester
day : William :Gaffney, known.as "Skln
ney," appeared before- Judge Fritz on a
charge, of vagrancy. -He demanded a. trial
by jury, and : the case was continued till
to-morrow. ,to be set. 1 i Others will be, ar
rested - as ■ soon as they make their ap
pearance in : the ; corridors - of :. the Hall of
Justice. sSBBBlBBSSSIISaSStSSfl/SSSOBBSt
JACK DEMPSEY FUND
COMMITTEE AT WORK
Effects a Temporary Organization
and the Members Go Over
Plans for Raising Funds.
The sporting men who are endeavoring
to raise a fund for the family of "Jack"
Dempsey, the once noted boxer, and to
secure a tombstone to mark his last
resting place, met last night in Friend
ship Hall, Alcazar building. John L. Her
get was elected temporary chairman and
J. F. Galvin temporary secretary. After
effecting a temporary organization a
committee consisting of Harry Corbett,
J. L. Herget and Tim McGrath was ap
pointed to select a president. They will
report at a meeting next Thursday.
The plans for raising the amount neces
sary were gone over, but nothing definite
was determined upon.
His sacrifice Is the seed of our salvation.
vlll iMIlIto 1 111 IlllUi C
Along this line we offer g^T^^^f^^^^a
as a suggestion our stock of -J-J^^^^^^ •
• T
The permanent value of jljllj f&$?0f |
sixh gifts is obvious They 3^^
never disappoint the recip- tp *^i if
ient and never wear out. "" ijp- v *
Quoted at our famous south
of Market street low prices.
Indianapolis Furniture Co.
750 Mission Street.
DRINKHOTJSE WILL SUE
STJTRO ESTATE FOR CLAIM
Administrator of Estate of Harriet
Trundle Notifies Court of
Impending Litigation.
Suit is about to be brought by John A.
Drinkhouse, administrator of the estate
of Hattie A. Trundle, deceased, against
the administrators of the estate of Adolph
Sutro to compel the payment of a claim
for $50,000 against the estate of Sutro held
by Miss Trundle.
In Adolph Sutro's will a clause wa3 In
serted bequeathing to Mrs. Trundle ?50.
000 in reparation for Injury done her
through a "scandalous and malicioua"
charge made against her by Sutro at Vir
ginia City in 1S79. She failed to present
her claim until after the time for presen
tation of claims against the estate had
expired and in consequence lost her leg
acy.
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver higher again. Exchange about the same.
Wheat and Barley continue to point upward.
Oats very firm, Rye steady and Corn dull.
Hay and Feedstuffs very weak, owing to the rain.
Beans and- Seeds dull and nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables not materially changed.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Poultry and Game in ample supply.
Fresh Fruits dull and featureless.
Primes eontinue to show increasing strength.
Provisions higher at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Hides quieter and ratlier easier.
No change in the Meat market.
Locvl stocks and bonds continue inactive.
Novtsnbsr Receipts and Exports.
UC3IBKB-<EeeeIpt« •£ Lomber at this port
lay *** Carats tt* tnoath of November were as
toOc**: From Cattforali, 20,021.000 feet; Ore-
Sok. i.C3,C0fc; Washington. £.115.000. maklag a.
total of Z1..IS&.C00 feet. The exports during the
xatmCt irer* 2,211.000 ftel. :
OOAli— The receipt* ef Coal during the month
to«r* as folloxrs; From Puger Sound, 44,777
tons; British Colombia, 32,877: Oregon, 3040;
AuttT&lia, 8617; Esgl&nd, iSdi-. Japan, 8415,
tc&ki&g the total export* tor the month 102.5JS
tens.
SALMON— Receipts of Salmon In November
■*tre 172,43 cases aad 1428 packages. The ex
ports w«r» .230,832 cases and 62 packages.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Man advices from New York say: "The spot
Snarket Is very quiet now that Thanksgiving
has been passed and trade undoubtedly will
l>e limited for the next week or so, until the
Christmas rush sets in in earnest. Prunes
meet with a fair demand from the local and
nearby trade, sizes from C0-70s to 90-lOOs being
most wanted and not plentiful- The situation
on the coast is reported firmer, most holders
now quoting at a 3c tasis, price for the large
sizes of Santa Clara fruit* Sizes from 60-70s
up are said to be scarce, some packers not
otering these sizes at elL Sonomas are offer-
Ing at a 2%c basis for 40-SOs, 50-6Ss and 60-70s,
and sonic northern fruit, four sizes, is avail
able at the same basis. At present local buyers
are very disposed to take hold of prunes, al
though reports from California estimate the
number of cars of new fruit in the Santa Clara
Valley tt not over S00 cars. With the old
prunes out of the tray and no longer a menace
to tht market the probability is that buyers
would become interested. Negotiations for the
Kale of the old prunes are still proceeding on
the coast, it is understood.
~A private letter from the coast to-day
stated that stocks of new crop prunes in the
whele of the State of California are estimated
not to exceed 350 carloads. A letter from an
Oregon packer states that stocKs in the North
west fio not exceed 75 carloads, the bulk of
which are la the hands of dealers. Sales of
Oregon prone* to come East are reported on
the 2c four-sise basis. On 40-50s and 50-60s
Santa Clara pnraes. new crop, one holder on
the coa&t is lirra at 3c four-size basis. Sales
of 10S carloads at 100-120s are reported on th*
coast for export at 2c per pound i. o. b. In
baps* Siies SC-SOs are held at a premium of
from %c to %c over others, this description
being very scarce.
"Raisins are yulet and unchanged. Four
crown loose Muscatels, California London lay
ers and M&laea. clusters are very scarce. Cur
rant* continue firm at 636V»c for Amalias.
Ftirther supplies mar arrive per Potsdam, due
to-morrow from Rotterdam. The Rotterdam
steamer due a week from to-morrow Is ex
pected to bring a shipment also. Fiijs con
tinue strong. The Majestic brought 152 cases,'
mostly layers, via Liverpool. Dates are In
stithtly increased supply and easier, though
quotations are practically unchanged.
"Grencbles and Marbot walnuts are about
\c lower at l&c and S@>3^ie respectively.
Grenobles ere in liberal supply and mostly
poor quality. Jordan almonds are firmer."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
£AN FRANCISCO, Dec 5, 1901—5 p. m.
The fcllowing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of. the same date
last seaEcn, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 1.20 14.23 15 41
Red Bluff 0.28 9.35 6.74
Bacramento 0.08 5.97 6 34
6an Francisco 0.23 5.75 5 So
Fresno 0.00 2.09 5.10
Independence 0.00 1.34 2.18
Ean Luis Obispo Trace 4.44 S.94
Los Angeles 0.00 2.44 9 79
San Diego O.CO 0.75 1.73
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ti: minimum. 32; mean, 55.
The following maximum and minimum tem
r^ratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Borton 24-14 Omaha 30-28
Cincinnati 28-1S Duluth 24-16
Washington 32-16 Salt Lake City 50-38
Jacksonville €2-46 Chicago 28-24
Kansas City 34-2S St. Louis S6-2S
New York 24-1S Philadelphia 32-18 !
THE COAST RECORD.
6TATXOXS. i!|!i<! £0 I
* :3:3a 3 » £
: • • •/; : s
Astoria 19.70 46 40 NE Rain oTli
Baker 29.68 36 36 SE Snow 0.26
Carson .....29.E2 f.« 36 W Cloudy 0.18
Eureka 23. SS 12 48 W Cloudy 1.22
Fresno 29.94 66 4S SE Cloudy .0
Fiegrstaff 30.20 60 22 W Cloudy .0
Pocateilo, IJaho 34
Independence 29.84 66 40 SW Cloudy .0
Los Angeles 30.00 €2 45 SW Cloudy -.0
Phoenix 29.96 SO 44 NE Clear .0
Portland..... 29.74 44 44 S Rain 0.16
tlaa Bluff 29.92 58 « S ,PtCldyO.2«
Roeeburg. 23.80 48 42 S Cloudy 0.32
Sacramento 29.98 E2. 45 S Cloudy .08
6alt Lake 29.76 58 28 6E Cloudy .0
Ean Frandpco 30.04 68 E2 W PtCldy0.23
San Luis Obispo... 30.04 64 46 S Cloudy T.
San Diego. 29.96 62 50 NW Cloudy .0
Seattle 29.70 48 40 N Cloudy 0.11
Spokane 29.68 38 32 N Cloudy .0
NeahBay 34 ..
Walla Walla 29.58 88 £6 SW Rain .08
Winnemueca 29.80 60 22 W Cloudy T.
Yuma 29.90 82 48 SW Clear .0
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 64 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm oS the Oregon coast this morning
bas moved" rapidly eastward during the day and
bow overllea Southeastern Washington and
:Nt>rtb«3T! ; iao. Rain bas fallen from Central
California * >rthward. High southeast winds
e*« r»?x»or:r-a I frcm the Northern California
*c««t arrt l:\gh south and southwest winds
from X era 32.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the pla
tean &cd Rocky Mountain regions and risen
ehsiUy alorT the California coast.
The rain will probably extend Into the San
Jofcquin '.Valley and probably Southern Califor
aia to r.rf tt and KrSdaj-.
Fcrtcart made at San Francisco for thirty
bour* «udtr.s midnight, December 6, 1S01:
Northern; California— Cloudy, with shewers
Friday; frer'h to brisk southwest wind.
Southern California— Cloudy, probably with
Ebcrcn Friday: light southwest wind.
' If evmda— Cloudy, with rain or snow Friday:
cooler; brfrlc to tiph southwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, with
fcbowen Friday; brisk southweEt wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nrjj York Stock Market.
2* JEW TORK. Dee. t— The* tipward movement
ia stocks, which ' gained some force yesterday
afXiernoaa. canre to an cod this morning ln the
««ee at realtonjf by speculative pools who
have nurtured the advance in the prominent
stocks. The perc*pticn of this realiiin*
checked the following among the professional
traders cvA led t» m. reactionary tendency all
through the market- The factors at work ln
the meney markel leafing to the 'depletion of
the cask re*-n-«« at the banks besot a spirit
of ccutSon 13 ths incurring of liabilities for
speculative purpasrs. The. market started off
■wrtskly and f&raa&j with yesterday** leader
afct? frllj- mfti2£e.ified to all appearance, but
tl» sharp i»Jn» by a few stocks and the sus-
CEiu.r.c infloeuse of these iras taken advantage
<* to rcalixr. Before the market closed the
«srly c&inr vere wiped out except in a lew in
rtaacet. end ths average level of pries at the
das wRl bs teea to be lower tfcsn last night.
Tb* «elliB£ of stock* crew notably less as the
A+j*/sn» tn price* ' proceeded and ' the . market
•ujc Jess extresw dullness at the low levti.
The loss thus far this week to the sub-treasury
of $5,874,000 served as a. warning note to the
optimists on the money outlook. The disburse
ments on Government account have been very
light during the week and the offerings of Gov
ernment bonds for redemption have receded to
nominal figures, notwithstanding the with
drawal of bonds on deposit to secure circula
tion up to the full limit allowed for the month
and presumably for the purpose of offering
them for redemption. Assertions that receipts
of cash from the Interior on the express move
ment are largely in excess of shipments are
not entirely reassuring, in view of the fact
that deposits at the sub-treasury for transfer
to the Interior already exceed half a million
dollars for the week. New York exchange at
Chicago fell to 40c discount to-day. On the
international exchange there was an easier
tone in the sterling exchange market, but Con
tinental exchange hardened. Money was in ac
tive demand in London to pay the installment
due on the British loan, the price of gold ad
vanced and a stiff rate Is expected there for
the rest of the year and Into January. The
private discount rate rose in Paris to-day and
the sterling rate there receded further. The
possibility of further gold exports next week
is thus clearly foreshadowed. Between now
and December 20 the local money market has
to make provision for the Standard Oil divi
dend disbursement of $8,000,000, and a 1 per
cent dividend on United States Steel common
stock, which calls for upward of $5,000,000.
There was no Immediate indication of money
scarcity in to-day's loan rate, but the consid
eration of future contingencies had much to
do with the quieting of speculation on the
Stock Exchange. A renewed decline in Amal
gamated Copper after some early firmness, in
spite of the recovery in the raw copper mar
ket In London, was also an unsettling influ
ence in stocks. The market closed dull and
generally heavy.
The railroad bond market was steady for a
time, but became Irregular in sympathy with
stocks. Total sales, par value, $4,420,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last calL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales— Open High Low Close '
Atchison E2.S00 80% 79% 79%
AtcMson x>fd 3,000 100% 100% 100* 8
Baltimore & Ohio 2,100 105% 104% 104%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 1,100 96% 96 95% |
Canadian Pacific 2,200 115V4 114% 114%
Canada Southern 100 gsy. 85% 85
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,800 48% 48% 48%
Chicago & Alton.... 1,600 30% 36 36%
Chicago & Alton pfd 77^
Chgc, Irfd & Louis 700 48% 48% 47%'
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd.. 300 75 74% 74Vi
Chgro & Eastern 111 700 139 138% 138%
Chgo & Great Western.. 1,500 24% 24% 24
Chgo & G W A pfd .... 874
Chgo & G W B pfd 600 46%- 45 45%
Chgo & Northwestern... 100 209% 209% 20S
Chgo. R I &, Pacific 9,100 155% 152 152%
Chgo Terminal & Trans 5,900 18% 15% 15%
Chgo Term & Trans pfd 13,800 33 28% 29
C C C & St Louis 100 93% 99^ 98%
Colorado Southern 1,200 14% 14% 14%
Colo Southern 1st pfd 58
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 600 27% 27 26%
1 Delaware & Hudson.... SO0 175% 175 174%
Del. Lack & Western... 200 242 242 241
Denver & Rio Grande... 600 46 45 45%
Denver & Rio G pfd 300 94V4 94 94'
Erie 8,900 42% 41% 41%
Erie 1st pfd , v 600 73 72»A 72%
Krle 2d pfd..... 700 5S% 58 " 57%
Great Northern pfd 1,300 190 190 189%
Hocking Valley 800 64 63% 63%
Hocking Valley. pfd 1,600 S2 81 81%
Illinois Central 5O0 140 140 133
Iowa Central 100 3S% 38% 88
Iowa Central pfd 73
Lake Erie & Western 72
Lake Erie & West pfd .... 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 4,100 109% 108% 108%
Manhattan Elevated 81.700 145 143 143
Metropolitan St Ry 7.500 167 164% 165%
Mexican Central 2,100 24% 23% 23%
Mexican National Tr.... 3.000 15 14% 14%
Minn & St Louis 100 106% 106% 106
Missouri Pacific 67,500 105»/« 103% 104%
Mo, Kans & Texas 300 26% 26 25%
Mo. Kans & Tex pfd.... 800 52% 62 52%
New Jersey Central 200 181 181 181
New Ycrk Central 8.400 170% 169% 169%
Norfolk & Western. 4,800 59% 58% 59%
Norfolk & Western pfd. 900 91% 91% 91%
Northern Pacific pfd.... 9.956 101% 100% 100%
Ontario & Western. 1.400 35% 35 35
Pennsylvania 58.400 152% 150% 150%
Reading 10,500 51% 50 49%
Reading 1st pfd 1.700 80% 80 79%
Reading 2d pfd 7.900 60% 59% 58%
St JJouis & San Fran.... 1,900 53% 52% 53
St Louis & S F 1st pfd. 200 81% 81 81%
Et Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 1,000 72 71% 71%
St Louis Southwestern.. 200 28% 28% 23
St Louis Swestern pfd.. 900 60% 59% 59%
St Paul 12,600 168% 167 167%
St Paul pfd 189
Southern Pacific 10.500 61% 60% 60%
Southern Railway 4.700 34% 33% 83%
Southern Railway pfd.. 2.600 ,93% 93 93
Texas & Pacific 3,500 *41% 40% 40%
Toledo. St Louis & W 19%
Tol. St L & W pfd 300 . 34- 34 33
Union Pacific 3,100 103% 102 102%
Union Pacific pfd 1.100 90 89% 83%
Wabash 8,200 22% 22H 22%
Wabash pfd 14,300 42% 41% 41%
Wheeling & Lake Erie 18Va
Wheel & L E 2d pfd 29
Wisconsin Central 1,200 21% 20% 21%
Wisconsin Central pfd. 1,100 43 41% 42
Express companies —
Adams ..190
American '. 202
United States 92
Wells-FarKO 195
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Copper... 83,300 75% 72% 73%
Am Car & Foundry 2,600 29% -29% 29%
Am Car & Foundry pfd 300 85% 85% 95%
Am Linseed Oil 17
Am Linseed Oil pfd.: :... 48H
Am Smelting & Refln.. 1,800 44% 44% 44%
Am Smelt & Refln pfd. 100 97 97 96S
Anaconda Mining Co... 2.100 32% 31% 31%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran.. 10,600 65% 63% 63%
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 300 92% 92 92
Consolidated Gas .... 217
Continental Tob pfd... 100 116 116 115
General Electric 6,000 284% 281 282
Glucose Sugar 600 40 40 40
Hocking Coal 300 18% 17% 17
International Paper..... 700 21% 21% 21%
International Pap pfd.. 600 78% 78% 78%
International Power ... 100 89% 89% 89%
Laclede Gas 92
National Biscuit 600 44% 44 ' 44%
National Lead .......... 100 18% 18% 18%
National Salt 31
National Salt pfd .... 62
North American 92
Pacific Coast 200 76% 76 75%
Pacific Mail 800 46% 45% 45
People's Gas 3,300 101% 100% 100'4
Pressed Steel Car 300 42% 42U 42'4
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 100 86 86 85%
Pullman Palace Car 215
Republic Steel 500 15% 13% 15%
Republic Steel pfd 500 69% 63% 69
Sugar 1,100 124% 123% 124%
Tennessee Coal & Iron. 1.S00 64% 63% 63%
Union Bag & Paper Co. 100 15% 1514 15
Union Bae & P Co pfd. 100 75<i 73% 74x4
United States Leather.. 400 12% 12 12
United States Leath pfd 300 «% 8:% S2U
United States Rubber.. 1 300 15% 15% 15%
United States Rub pfd B2%
United States Steel 12,700 43% 42% 42%
United States Steel pfd 9,600 93% 92% 92%
Western Union 13.400 9S 91% Mti
Am Locomotive- 7,000 33% 32% 32
Am Locomotive pfd.... 400 89% 89 89
Total sales 651,100
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s Hocking Val 4%s.lOS%
reg 10S% L & Nash unl 4s.. 102%
do coup 109 Mex Cent 4s.... SIVi
do 3s reg 10S% do 1st Inc 31
do coup 108% Minn & St L 4s. ..103
do new 4s reg.. ..139%- M K & T 4s........ 98%
do coup ..133% do 2ds 81v«
do old 4s reg 111% N Y Cent lsts 106
5° coup 112% do gen 3%s 109%
do 6s reg 107% N J Cent gen 6s.. .103%
do coup ...107%'North Pac 4s/. 1034!
Atchison gen. 4s. ..103%! do 3s ..... 72%
do adj 4s 94 INorf & W con is.AOZH
Bait & Ohio 4s... .105% Reading gen 4s.... 99%
do 3%s 96vk St L & I M con 6S.U6U
do conv 4s 10« St L & S F 4s 97%
Can South 2ds ....103% St L S "W lsts 96^
1 Cent of Ga 5s 106% do 2ds 79?!
do 1st «ne 77 S A & Ar Pass 4s 83%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 107%) South Pac 4s........92Si
Chi & Alton 3%s.. 86% South Ry 5s 120%
C B & Q new 4e... 98% Tex & Pac lsts.. ..118%
I C M&St P g 4s.. Ill Tol St L & W 4s.. 81
I C & N\S con 7s... .139 Union Pac 4s.. 106W
! C R I & P 4s 106% do conv 4s.. 106%
C C C & St L g 4s.lC2% Wabash lsts .... 113
! Chi Term 4s . .. 87W do 2da ..Illl
I Colo it South 4s.:. 83% do deb B .. . ci
DtRG 4s........lO3',i West Shore 4s ..!!li4
Erie prior lien 4s..l00%lWheel & L E 4s... 91%
\--eo gen 4s ......•..•90ii!Wls Cent 4s... 91
FtW&SC 1st*.. 103 ICon Tobacco 4s.... 64
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY/ DECEMBER 6, 1901.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con is Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 09
groece 75 Ophir 64
Brunswick Con ... 14 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 06|Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 1 50 j Savage 02
Deadwood Terra .. oO R'erra Nevada .... 04
Horn Sliver 1 StO Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 60 Standard 3 00
Leadvllle Con...... 05
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestinghse com... 74
Call loans 4@S| Mining-
Time loans 4@5 Adventure 20
Bonds— Allouez 4%
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated 73
Gas lsts n Baltic 42%
Mexican Cent 4s... SO',5 Blngham .". 28
N E Gas & Coke.. 59 Calumet & Hecla..640
Railroads— Centennial 15%
Atchison 79 1 /i'Copper Range 62
Do prefd lOOVi 1 Dominion Coal 46%
Boston & Albany.. *30 iFranklin 15
Boston & Maine. ..189%,Isle Royale 22
Boston Elevated... 167 -Mohawk 39
N Y N H & H 213 Old Dominion 25%
Fltchburg prefd... 142% Osceola 89
Union Pacific 102% Parrot 33
Mexican Central... 23% Qulncy 150
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. . 3%
American Sugar... 124%! Tamarack .........265
Amer Tel & Ter...l62V^'Trimountaln ...... 42 ■
Dominion I & S... 27% Trinity 24%
General Electric. .283 United States 15
Mass Electric 33 Utah; ex-div 21
N E Gas & Coke.. 5 Victoria 6
United Fruit 88 Winona 2 ."
U S Steel 42% Wolverine 67
Do prefd 92% »
London Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. 5.— The Commercial • Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Bear covering caused a further all around ral
ly in the stock market to-day.. Consols rose
to 92%d. American shares were . idle though
generally firm. This firmness was assisted by
Secretary Gage's report, - the cessation of gold
shipments and the recovery in 'copper to £58
a ton. Rio Tintos sympathetically rose to tZ'A
on rumors that the Amalgamated Copper Com
pany had approached the leading Calumet cus
tomers, offering to supply copper below. Calu
met, whatever the price of the latter might
be.
Silver rallied to 25 5-16d, but America is of
fering heavily a shade above this. Paris ex
change 251%.
* CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 5.— Anaconda, 6%; Atchison,
82; do preferred, 103; D. & R. G., 46%;. do pre
ferred, 96%; Erie, 43%; do preferred, 74%; do
second preferred. 60%; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 103; Southern Pacific, 62%c; Union Pa
cific 105%; do preferred, 92; United States
Steel, 44%: do preferred, 95%. Bar silver, 25%d.
Money, 3@4 per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— Money on call Is firm
at 4%@5 per cent; last loan, 5 per cent: prime
mercantile paper, 4V4@6 per cent; sterling ex
change easier, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S7^@l 87% for demand and $4 S4Vi@
4 84% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S3@4 88%;
commercial bills, $4 83%#4 81% ; bar silver,
54%c; Mexican dollars. 43Vic; bonds—Govern
ment, steady; State, inactive; railroad, irregu
lar.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— Under the Impetus of
a fresh whirl of outside buying orders that
made both the wheat and corn rings a scene
of great excitement to-day new records were
established. Wheat sold at 85%c for May. or
%c higher than it was last August, while corn
passed any point since 1892. For a time the
buying orders seemed unlimited and the mar
kets continued in a bull uproar until midday,
when a lull ln demand gave holders a desire
to take profits, causing general reactions. In
wheat the selling destroyed the day's advance,
but corn withstood all pressure and left off
l@l%c above the previous night'
FLOUR— Receipts, 25,100 barrels; exports,
11,500 barrels: fairly active and very flrirt.
WHEAT— Receipts. 57,000 bushels; exports,
113,225 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red. 86%c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 2 red, 83%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. Softc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 91%c f. o. b. afloat. Options were ac
tive and strong half the day, but they yielded
to realizing in the afternoon. As usual heavy
publip buying gave prices their- chief bull im
pulse, being coupled with small Northwest re
ceipts and dry weather in the winter wheat
belt. Closed barely steady at %c net advance.-
March, 85V>@S6c, closed at 85'ic; May. 84 11-16®
85%c, closed at 84%c; December, 83&@84c, closed
at 62Hc. " .
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet,
COFFEE— Spot Rio barely steady; No. 7 in
voice, 6%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 7V4@llc,
Futures closed steady in tone, with prices net
unchanged to net 10 points lower; total sales,
39,000 bags, including January. $6 43@6 00; Feb
ruary. $6 60; March, $6 65@6 70; May. $8 85;
July. $7 05; September, $7 20; October, $7 30.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3V4c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c; re
fined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4800 packages; firm;
State dairy. 15@23c; creamery. 16@23V&c; June
creamery. 18@22c; factory, 12»4@15c.
EGGS— Receipts. 6400; steady; Western at
mark. 26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled rather
quiet to-day, but held steady in tone on ac
count of the scarcity of offerings. State, com
mon to good, 6@8>4c; prime, 9@9%c; choice,
9V4@9%c: fancy. 10@10»4c California dried
fruits were Inactive, but about steady. Prunes,
3%@7c. Apricots— Royal, 10014c; Moorpark,
9%013c. Peaches— Peeled, 12Qil9c; unpeefed,
7@10>4c.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance. $163,310,121; gold. $110,596,576.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— Booming bull enthusiasm,
the heaviest transactions ln over a year ln all
pits, record prices ln crain and heavy profits
for the fortunate sellers — these were, the char
acterietic features of business on the Board of
Trade to-day. The craze for buying which be
gan to show itself yesterday was present again
at the opening and was augmented on every
hand as the session advanced. The seats, the
floor and the galleries of the board were crowd
ed with spectators and speculators, largely vis
iting stockmen, all eagerly trading.
Wheat, as yet, seemed to be ln most de
mand though It held poorly. A general bull
movement, almost regardless of the usual in-'
fluencing conditions, seemed to control the
transactions. The country side seemed to have
arisen as one man and rushed to this market
to buy. Not since the present bull campaign
began have brokerage and . commission people
been pressed to handle speculative orders as
they have to-day. No man or firm was big
enough ln the perfect storm of business to be
"prominent" in the pit. Offerings, which were
very liberal at the very start, were absorbed
as so much water In a sponge. News in itself
was not very bullish. Cables showed very lit
tle response to yesterday's feeling here. Local
and Northwestern receipts were small and
showed a gradual decrease. But primary re
ceipts were rather liberal and clearances were
not large. Prices for all options were well
advanced at the opening and in the whirl of
trade the tremendous profit-taking by big
manipulators was disregarded until there was
such a volume of It that It could no - longer
be neglected. Gradually the decline came and
with it some siight lull in trade. December
opened %@y a c higher at 75^@75%c,; sold up to
76'4'576%c. sapged off to 75&c and closed firm
%@*8C up at 75%c. May opened %@%c higher
at 79H@S0c. advanced to the record price for
the crop at 80%c. sank back to 73»,4c and re
acting slightly closed firm '/4c up^at 79%c.
Natural conditions, backed up by the strong
bullish speculation, held corn well up to the
best advances of any of. the pits. Cables were
strong, the cash demand ■ was lively and the
country at large wanted the cereal badly. Out
side markets • were constantly buying corn at
prices considerably above this market and
prominent traders hold that inasmuch as Chi
cago holds the majority of old ' corn dealers
in the country must come to this market to
buy. A*, in wheat buying orders . came from
all sides and sent prices , up to new record
prices. The general range was nearly lc over
yesterday ' and . the biggest part of. this . was
firmly held. In this pit also big realizing for
profits was under way. but the effect was hard
ly apparent. May started ln . spurts. %@lc
higher at 67%®6Sc. fold t6 • 68%c. reacted and
closed strong. %@y t c up, at 67%@67%c.
The early trade ! in oata was heavy, , with a
heavy active demand by commission houses.
Shippers also bought freely: and frightened
shorts rushed to cover. Acceptances were small
the shipping demand fair. The cash situation
still strong. A great deal' of realizing for
good profits by prominent longs depressed prices
toward the close. -May opened %c higher at
45Vi@45%c, advanced to : 46%c— a new, record
price — reacted and closed firm, 1 ,i®%c up " at
45Hc ' - .' ■ ' - ' '"■ ■.,-■■
Provisions- ruled- firm all' -.day.' caused ' by
lighter receipts of hogs., the strength in grain
and good country buying orders. As • in other
pits realizing for profits brought an easier feel
ing,'but-the close was strong. -January pork
closed £2%c up, January • lard 25c higher ■ and
January ribs 17%c ud. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles-'- ■ ■ . Open." High. Low.- Close.
Wheat No: 2—
December ..;.-' 75% 76%- 75% 75%
May go 8C% 79%" 79%
July,. 80% 81»4 . 79% 80
Corn No. 2— " i > ■ ;
December 64% 65 64% 64%
May.. .68 68% 67%, 67%
July..... 67% 68% 67% 67%
Oats No. 2— '
December ..:....'... 45 '45% 45 45
May :. «% 46% 45% 45%
July 40% 41% 40% 41
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January .....16 50 16 75 16 50 16 55
May. .......... ...7.. 16 90 17 10 16 87% 16 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December .......... 9 70 9 75 9 70 9 75
January ........... 9 65 9 77% 9 75 9 75
May 9 65 9 85 9 65 9 85
Short Rib«, ner 100 lbs— , „ ..
January . ..8 50 8 52% 8 42% 8 50
May 8 60 -8 70 8 60 8 65
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%c; No. 2 red.
82%c:No. 2 oats, 4G%@46%c: No: 2 white. 48%
©48%s; No. 3 white, 47%@49c; No. 2 rye/ 61<a>
61%c; fair to choice malting barley, 60@64%c;
No. 1 Haxseed, $1 43@1 44; No. 1 Northwestern,
*1 44; i.rlme timothy seed, $6 40@6 50: mess
pork, per bbl, $15 50<g>16 60; lard, per 100 lbs,
$9 75@9 77%; short ribs sides (loose). $850®
8 55; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@7%c;
short clear sides - (boxed). $8 80@8 95; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 32; clover, contract
grade, f 9 10. . .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,000 29,000
Wheat, bushels ......;177,O0O 106.000
Corn, bushels ..131,000 14 »'°XX
Oats, bushels 195,000 2o2.000
Rye. bushels 6,000 10.C00
Barley, bushels 115.000 30,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 14@22%c; dairies,
13@20c. Cheese, steady; 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. 24c. ;•.;.-
Foreign Futures.
■ . LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' March. May.
Opening 6 1% 6 2%
Closing 6 1% 6 2%
PARIS. .
Wheat— ' Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 22 45 23 20
Closing 22 45 23 20 •
Flour—
Opening 28 00 29 20 ;
Closing 77. 27 95.- 29 20
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— Reaction occurred In
copper values in London, £2 10s, and brought
the level back to £58 for spot and £57 6s 12d
for futures. Sales of 200 tons of spot and 300
tons futures were reported at ttie advance.
Locally the market remains , nominally un
changed in the' absence of business, though ru
mors were current that sales had been made
at $16 50, but were without confirmation. The
close was unsettled, with Lake Superior quoted
at $16 50@17, electrolytic at $16 37%@16 62% and
casting at $16, the latter being offered at that
figure. A gain of £1 was noted in London tin
prices, due to the light speculative buying, and
the market closed firm, with spot quoted at
£111 15s and futures at £105 5s. A sympathetic
rise took place at New York, bringing spot up
to $25 50 without stimulating much demand.
Lead and spelter continue dull and un
changed at New York, closing at $4 37% for
the former and $4 30 for the latter. Lead at
London was 5s iower, spot being quoted at
£10 15s. while spot spelter eased off 2s 6d to
£16 7s Gd for spot.
Iron, while not being active, ruled quite firm
all day, with plgiron warrants quoted at $10 50
@11 50; No. 1 Northern foundry. $15 50016: No.
2 foundry. Southern, $14 6O@15 50; No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, $15 50@17.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 6s 8d and
Mlddlesboro closed at 43s %d.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Cotton closed barely
steady, 8@10 points lower.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts. 9500;
active and 10@15o higher; good to prime, $6 50®
8 75; poor to medium, $1©6 25; stockers and
feeders. $2 25@4 60; cows, $1 25(34 75; heifers,
$2 60@5 50; canners, $1 25® 2 30; bulls, $2 50® 4 75;
calves, $2 50@5 75; Texas fed steers. $5 15.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 30.000; left over, 10,
000; to-morrow, 30.000; excitedly higher; show
hogs sold at $6 65; mixed and butchers, $5 75®
6 20; good to choice heavy, $5 95@6 20; rough
heavy, $6 55@6 80; light, $5 25@5 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000; active and steady;
heavy ewes lower; Iambs, strong to 10c higher;
good to choice wethers, $3 50<3>4 15; fair to
choice mixed, .$2 75@3 50; Western sheep, $3@4;
native lambs, $2 50Q5 25; Western lambs, $3®
4 25.
ST JOSEPH
ST. JOSEPH, • Dec. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500; market steady; natives, $3 50®7 25; cows
and heifers. $1 25@5 60; veals, $2 60®5 25; bulls
and stags. $2 25@5; stockers and feeders, $2®
HOGS— Receipts, 12,000; market 10® 15c higher;
light and light mixed, $5 70@6 25; medium and
mixed, $5 70® 6 35; pigs, $3 70®4 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 750; market steady.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Dec. 5.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,277. bales. The
attendance was good. Merinos and cross-breds
were in strong demand for home. Suitable lots
of Merinos were taken for America. Inferior
grades continued weak.
Sale of Sheepskins.
LONDON. Dec. 6.— At the sheepskin bale held
here to-day 1979 bales were offered. The at
tendance was large and bidding was animated.
Fine grades were 5 per cent dearer, mediums
unchanged and coarse stocks showed a decline
of 5@7% per cent. .
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 5.— Clearings, $533,701;
balances, $80,858.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 5.— Wheat— Steady at 60®
61c for Walla Walla; 62c for bluestem.
Cleared— British ship Latimer, with 98,588
bushels of wheat; French bark Belen with 111,
291 bushels of wheat, both for Queenstown.
Foreign exports of wheat (flour Included)
from Portland for the week ending to-day were
1,104,716 bushels.
.WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 6.— Wheat— One cent higher.
Bluestem. 62c; club, 61c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 6.^-Consols. 91%; silver,
25 6-lSd; French Irentes, lOlf 22Hc; wheat car
goes on passage, I rather firmer; No. 1 standard
California. 80s; Walla Walla, 29s 3d; English
country markets, quiet and steady. .j
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 6.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 6s lM.d@Gs 2d: wheat ln
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet and steady; weather ln Eng
land, overcast.
COTTON-Uplands, 4%d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — ' 4 85'
Sterling Exchange, Bight..... — 4 88^4
Sterling Cables — 4 83^
New York Exchange, eight. — , 02^j
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. 45H ® 45%
Wheat and " Other. Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continue to
advance, as will be seen by the quotations.
Chicago reported a higher market with pre
vious • conditions. The professionals- realized
heavily and the outsiders, mostly countrymen
and !the general public, bought. The .room
was crowded with country buyers. In other
words, these - two interests we're wild to buy
and ■ the professionals ' unloaded . their ' wheat
upon them. At first the market held up, but
the ■ heavy professional selling .was too great
and prices | dropped back again. Liverpool did
not follow the Chicago excitement. The,Cin
cinnati Price Current reported the week gen
erally favorable for winter wheat, and the
condition of the crop fair. Rain: Is still-defi
cient . west of . the Mississippi. The Chicago
market " is now ln : the hands of outsiders and
beyond professional . control. In other words.
It Jef like a runawy horse. New -York was
a heavy buyer at' Chicago, but at the close a
lot of long wheat came out on the .decline.-.:/ :■<
The San Francisco market advanced on call,
but fell. back ln sympathy with Chicago, with
an active business. . Shipping wheat advanced
another fraction. . . .
- Spot -Wheat— Shipping, * |1 C2%@1 03%; milling.
|1 05@l 06VI, Per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls.
,$1 07%: 2000. $1 07^4: 2000. |1 07%: 6000,- $1 07%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, J106%;;20OC
$1 07;, 8000/ $1 07%. r ' • ■- -
n^HioSo" 0^ s^°n-^-^ooo/;c t ,s:
Afternoon . Session— December — lO.OOO' ctls.
H 0314. May— 2000.- %l 06%; 2000, $1 06%,' '
; BARLEY— The ■ market -. continues very firm,
with 'a. x further advance. .'■/'■ "
Feed. 76hi&T7%o for choice bright, 75c for No.
1 and 70® 72%c for off grades ; brewing and
shipping grades, 77%@85c; Chevalier, 80c@H
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal ' Session— 9:15 ' o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, 77&C: 2000.
Tlhie. ■
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls, ,.76Hc; 4000, 76%c. May— 24,000. 78c; 4000,
77%c
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Continue, firm, with a very fair de
mand, Chicago reports a light movement, but
no selling pressure.
Grays, *1 12%@1 17% for feed and $1 20©
1 22% for seed; whites, $1 15@1 25; Surprise,
Jl 30@l 32H; black, 95c@U 07% for feed and
$1 15@1 22% for seed; red, $1 12%@1 17% per
ctl for feed and $1 20@l 27% for seed.
CORN— The market Is steady, but dull. Chi
cago reports a small movement, but no pres
sure to sell. : Spot— Large yellow, »1 35<ffil 37%;
small round do, Jl 30@l 40; white. Jl 42%@1 45.
To arrive— Jl 25@1 32% per ctl for all kinds, ac
cording to dryness.
RYE— 75@77%c per 'ctl.'
. BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at ?1 65 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Fallly Extras, $3 25®
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per, barrel . for j family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $2 73
@3. ■-..-.-
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ■ in sacks 1 are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 'per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5;. Hominy.
$4®4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; -.Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 8508 35;
in sacks, $S 60®8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 60 per 100 pounds.
Hay ana] Feedstuff*.
The continued raina are making the Hay
market very soft, though there is no further
decline. ' Feedstuff s are weak, but no lower.
BRAN— $15 E0@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@2S; jobbing,
$28 50(g 29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31 50® 32; Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed
Feed. $16@17.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11; fancy, $11 60012; Wheat
and Oat, $8011: Oat. $7®1O; Barley and Oat,
$7@9; Alfalfa, $809 50; Clover, $6@7; Volun
teer, $5 6008; Stock, $507 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale. - .
Beans and Seeds.
- Beans are dull and weak. Concessions are
necessary to effect sales of any magnitude.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 50; Small White, $2 75
@3 15; Large White, $2 8003; Pea, $3 5004;
Pink. $1 76@2; Red, $2 50@3; Blackeye, $3 50@
3 70; Limas, $4 2504 50; Red Kidneys, $3 50® I
pet ctl. * ;
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $303 15; Yellow
Mustrad, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 6503 25; Canary,
3%@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from Utah, 8%c;
Rape, 1%©1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. •■ ■
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 9002; Green, $1 75®
2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
While there^is no change in prices for Pota
toes the feeling is more or less weak, though
sales of . several . cars for shipment encourage
some dealers to expect a steadier feeling in
the near future. . ■ • .'•
There is . no further decline in • Onions. The
car that arrived from Oregon consisted of off
stock.' Seven or -eight hundred sacks are ex
pected by to-day's eteamer, which . gives the
market more or less weakness.
There is nothing ■ new in Vegetables.
POTATOES— 70@$l for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, - $1 25@1 60; Oregon
Burbank?, $1 25@1 45;. River Reds, $1 35@1 50;
Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers • and -. $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— $2@2 10 per ctl; Oregons, $2@2 15.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An
geles, 6c; String Beans from Los Angeles, 5
®6c; Llmas, . 2@6c; Cabbage, 40@5Gc per ctl;
Tomatoes, 40@75e; Dried Peppers, 10@15c per
lb: Okra, 12%@20c per lb; Carrots, 25@3oc per
sack; Cucumbers, 40@75c; Pickles, 2V&@3c per
lb for small and l@l'/4c for large ;, Garlic, 1V*@
2%c; Green Peppers, 40@50c per box for Chili
and 40@5Oc.for Bsll; Egg Plant, 75c per box;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, ; Mar
rowfat -.Squash, $S@10 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, $8@10; Mushrooms, 5@12%c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
There were no arrivals of Eastern Poultry
ye€terday, and prices for local stock remained
unchanged, with the exception of dressed Tur
keys, which were rather firmer.
The wet weather Is again affecting Game,
which is coming in sour, though sound, fat
birds art bringing full figures without diffi
culty. Arrivals were 100 sks.
. POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 17@20c; Live
Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers and 14@16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, ' $1 6001 75; Goslings.
$1 75@2; Ducks. $3 60@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, $3 50® 4 60; young Roosters, $4@
4 50; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 50@4;
Broilers, $3 50@4 for large and $3@3 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1@1 23 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs. • ■ - .
GAME— Doves, per dozen,' 75c; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 60 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, $3@4; Canvasback, $2@3; Sprig, $1 75;
Teal. $1 50; Widgeon. $1 25; Small Ducks, $1;
Black Jacks. $125; English Snipe, $1 75; Jack
Snipe, $125; Gray Geese, $3 50; White Geese.
?1 25; Brant. $1 60@2 per dozen; Honkers. $4 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
All quotations remained undisturbed. Fancy
Butter and Eggs were steady, while the me
dium and lower grades dragged. There was
nothing new in Cheese.
Receipts were 17,500 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 372 cases of Eggs,
cases of Eastern Eggs, 46,100 pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 23@24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy, 17^S@2Oc; store
Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub. 21@22}4c:
Pickled Roll. 19@2Oc; Keg. 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12@12%c; old, ll%c; Young
America, 13',4 per lb; Eastern 13@l5c.
EGGS— Ranch, 34@35c for selected large,
31@32%c for good to choice and 30c for fair;
store, 25@27%c per dozen; cold storage, • 20®
27V4c; Eastern, 19@27Hc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The continued rains are finishing Grapes and
there is very little good stock now coming ln.
The demand Is light and prices are lower.
Citrus fruits are about as. before. Oranges
continue weak under large and Increasing sup
plies, while most of the Grape Fruit is small
and not desired, only large fruit bringing full
figures. ■ •..•• ,
Persimmons are in large supply and -weak
Apples and Pears are as previously quoted!
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@2 per box for extra, 75 C @
$1 25 for good to choice and 35@65o for ordin
ary; Lady Apples, $1@2.
POMEGRANATES— $1 25 per box.
PEARS— Winter kinds, $1@2 per box.
QUINCES— 40®60c per box.
PERSIMMONS-30@60c per box. " ,.~V'
8TRAWBERRIES-$S@10 per chest for Long
worths and $2@3 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $n@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $3@5 per chest. • .Y > v
CRANBERRIES— Eastern, $1O@11 per bar
rel : Coos Bay. $3 per box. -
FIGS— Black. 60@75c per box; white, 25®60c
GRAPES— Verdels, B0@75c per box; Tokay,
; Black, 30©50c; Cornichons, 30®60c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 25
for standards, $1 50@l 75 for choice and $2 for
fancy; Seedlings. 75c@$l 25; Tangerines, $1@
125; Japanese Mandarins $1@1 75; Lemons, $1@
1 60 for common and |2@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1@3 60; Mexican Limes, $3 50®
4; Bananas, $2@3 per bunch for New Orleans
and 50c® $1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits,' Nuts and Raisins.
Prunes/which for some weeks hare been the
dullest fruit on the market, are now leading
ln firmness and activity, and it is estimated
that there are , not over 350 cars of the 1901
crop left on the market. Otherwise there -Is
nothingi new under this head.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8Hc for Royals and 8®
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7@8Mic; sun-dried, 3%@4&c:
Peaches, 6@7V4c; Pears 4@8c; Plums, pitted, 4W
@6c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop axe quoted as follows
30-40's. • SVi@3Vic: 40-50's. 4%®5c; ' 50-60* s. 4U®
4\4c: 60-70's. 3%@4c; 70-80's. 3%@3V4c: 80-90's 2*i
@3c; 90-100's, 2y 4 @2%c per lb. '
r RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy, Jl 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, *1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose ■ • Muscatels— Four-crown, 4%c: three
crown, 4%c; two-crown. 396c; Seedless Musca
tels, ■ 4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6V4c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, S'/fcc;
choice, 7>/4c; standard, , 6%c; prime, 5%c; - un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's—
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c;' choice. 9c; stan
dard. 7V4c; prime, 6V4c Fancy .seeded, 6'ic:
choice seeded, 5?&c.' '
NUTS— Chestnuts, I0@1244c ; Walnuts, " No 1
softshell. 9V4c; No. 2. 7Hc: No. 1 hardshell 9c;
No.- Z, lc\ Almonds, Il@l2c for papershell, g@
10c for softshell and.6@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. -12@12V4c-
Filberts. ;12@12',4c; Pecans. U@13c; Cocoanuts'
$3 50@5. ' '
HONEY— Comb. 12@12V4c for bright and 10®
llHc -• for light ' amber; , water I white • extracted
5@6c; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark 4c
BEESWAX-25(g'28c per lb.
Provisions.
j Chicago reported a higher market under the
purchases . of outsiders. ' The : San - Francisco
market was quiet and unchanged. •
'CURED MEATS— Bacon. • ll%c per "lb for
heavy, ; 12c ; for light medium, 13c for light
14c for extra light and ■ 14%e for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10<a>10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $11@11 50; Family, *12<@12 50; prime
Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 B0@23: Mess.
$13 60@19; Smoked. Beef, 13%OHc per 1b.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8o per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels, pure.
HKc: 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins. UT»c; 3-lb tins.
12o. "
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half -barrels 10c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9?ic; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hides are quieter and several slight shadlnga
In quotations will be seen. Wool and Hops re
main unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 9%c: Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip 15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool 4<Ki60c each; medium, 60@85c; long
Wool, S0c@$l 10 each: Horse Hlder, salt.
$2 B0@2 75 for large and *2@2 25 for me
dium. $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c. »
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2,
4%©5c: grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c: Oregon Valley fine,
13® 13c: do, medium and coarse. 11® 13c; Ore
gon. Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do. fair to good.
9@llc ; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall— San Joaqutn, 6%@8%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c; Middle County, 8@10c; North
ern Mountain, free, 9©10c; do, defective. 8@9c
per lb.
HOPS— 8@l0o for fair and 11012a per lb for
good to choice. ; .' ■
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs continue In ample supply and the pack
ers find no difficulty in filling their wants at
the quotations. The other meats remain as
before quoted.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 607o for Steers and SG60 per lb for
Cows.
VEAL-Large. 7%®8%c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, • 7®7%c; Ewes, «%®To
per lb.
LAMB— 8@8^e per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 5%0
6%c; under 150 lbs. 5%@5%c: sows. 20 per cent
off, boars 30 per cent- off and stags 40 per cent
°tf from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bass. 5%@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
COAL — -Wellington. $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50: Coos
Bay, $o 50; Wallsend, $8 50: Co-operative Walls
end, $S 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg*. $15;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton ac
cord inc to brand. ,
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No 1,
70c; pure, $120; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
70c; raw. 68c: cases, 6c more; Lucol, 80c for
boiled and 58c for ra« In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases Sac-
China Nut. 55®72c per gallon; pure Neatafoot.'
In barrels. 70c;- cases. 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c-
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@45c per gallon •
Fish Oil, barrels, 37^4c; cases, 42#c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and SSftc for
Australian. , .
i,?P X h OI , I E77 7ater Whlte Co<u on - ln oil*.
13%c; Pearl Oil. ln cases. 20c; Astral. 20c: Star
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c: Eocene. 22c '•
deodorized atove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c- in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, ln bulk, 14c; In cases
20Hc; 86-degree Gasoline, ln bulk. 20c; ln cases
26%c.
TURPENTINE— 58%c per gallon ln cases and
62c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Suear Reflnlnjt Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5 30c
Powdered. 5.15c; Candy Granulated, 6.15c* Dry
Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 6.05c: Fruit
Granulated, 5.05c; Beet Granulated (100-lb bags
only), 4.95c: Magnolia A. 4.65c; Extra C. 4 55c-
Golden C. 4.43c; D, 4.35c; barrels, 10c more
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more* 60-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos. half
barrels. 5.55c: boxes, 5.80c per lb.
Imports from the Islands ln November were
20,613,000 pounds, against 12,854,000 during the
same month last year.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5.
Flour, qr sks..... 14.131 Shorts, sks 230
Wheat, ctls 4.880 Tallow, ctls 212
Barley, ctls..:.... 1.390 Pelts, bdls 194
Beans, sks 444 Hides, No «63
Corn, ctls 370 Quicksilver, flsks 128
Onions, sks. ...... 113 Leather, rolls.... 170
Potatoes, sks 1,246 Wine, gals 6i.74O
Bran, sks 1,563 Brandy, gals 6 300
Middlings, sks... 180 Wool, sks 149
Straw, tons 5 Powder, cars ... 2
Hay, tons 2S0 Raisins, bxs S.100
STOCK MARKET.
Business ln local stocks and bonds was dull
in the morning, but. more activity developed in
the afternoon, when Alaska Packers sold oft
at $155 5C@155 75 and Gaa and Electric declined
to $43 37%. Market Street Railway was higher
at $88 50@SS 75.
The oil stocks continued without noteworthy
feature. . *
Pacific Lighting was ex-dividend of 35c or
$11,550, yesterday.
The Contra Costa Water Company will pay a
dividend of 42c per share on the 16th inat
The California Street Cable Company will pay
a dividend of 50c per share on the 11th inst
The California Wine Association will pay a
dividend of. 60c per share on the 10th inst
Secretary Thomas of the Paauhau Sugar
Company has received advices dated November
22 stating that the rainfall during November
was 10 inches and that the year's planting was
completed, making a total of 950 acres. The
young plant was looking well, though much
affected by the late drought.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Dec. 6.-8 p. m.*
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I Bid Ask
4s quar coup.. 112^113 4s qr cp (new)139i4140
4s quar res....lll%112 1 3s quar coup..l08H —
„ MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO7% — Oceanic SS 5s. — 105
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6S.129U135
C C Water 6s. Ill — Pac G Imp 4s. 94 97*4
Ed L & P 6s. - - Pk & C H 6s? — 112
Fer &C1H 6sl20H — Pk & O R 6s. .121 —
Geary-st 5s ... - 100 Powll-st,R 6s.ll8%120
H C & S 5Ks. - - Sac E Gf R 5s. 9s£ 96
Do 6s ...:.... 99H- S F*& SJV 5S.123H -
Los Ang R 5S.118 129% Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s..l01*i — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909)..... 113« _
Do gntd 5s.. 103 103% (1910) .. m —
L A & P 5s. ..102%.— S P of Cai'Bs
Do 1 c m 6S.101 103 (1905), Ser A.107?il08?i
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27% - ((1905) Ser B 109 l»u
Do 1 c m 63.122*123% '(1906) ....... 110 111%
N R of Cal 63.112%112% (1912) ... 119% -
Do 6s. m%122 SPof Cal 1st
Nor Fao C 5s.lO7%107% c gntd 6s... .109 _
Nor Cal R Es. — S P Br Cal Ss 138 '
Oak Gas B.....UIH - S V Water esllll*! -
Oak Trans 6s.. — 125% Do 4s 102H —
Do 1st o 6S.111H112 " Do 4s 3d m.,100%101 '
Oak Wat g 6s.l04%105 Stktn Gaa 6s.. 102% -
... WATER STOCKS
£° n V a ,£ OSta " 15 76Vi|Port Costa .... 63H 6«
Marin County. 58 — I Spring Valley. 87 87t4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 2% - Paclflc Light. 43 —
Eqult G L Co. 3 3% Sacramento ... — 4.1
Mutual — S S F G & E... 43 43U
Oak G L & H. 61 - San Francisco! 6% _
Pac Gas Imp.. 40 42 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.240 — |
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 79% — ,L P & A 160 175
California 410 - Mer Ex (Hq ) isu _
Cal Safe Dep.lO9H112H S F Natlonal.130 —
First Natlonl.321 327%'
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1923* — Sav & Loan... — 90
Humboldt — — Security Sav.. 300 34a
Mutual Sav ..66 - , Union Trust.. WOO -
8 F Sav U..523 — ' .
STREET RAILROADS
California 140 — |O S L & H 40 il
Geary — 50 Presidio 3414 _
Market 88% 89 ' I - M *
POWDER. r
Giant — 88 /VJgorlt 4% 4 «
SUGAR. 7 * *
Hana 3H 5 Kilauea .... . _ 1*
Hawaiian So — Makawell ... 23 *M
Honokaa : 10% 10% Onomea _ %\
Hutchinson ... 14H 15 Paauhau ...."' io«. __
MISCELLANEOUS. •
Alaska Pack.. . 155 157W Oceanic S Co — ka
Cal Fruit Asn. - 100 Pac Aux FA 2*4
Cal Wine Asn. - 80% ' Pac C Borax 165 ~
Mer Exchange.110 — I Par Paint „.! 16 ~
Morning Session.
Board — .
10O Hawaiian Commercial & Susrar ■ r- nn
50 Hutchinson S P Co 7*?"" w §?
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 1! I?
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, s ZO.] it 22
5 Spring -Valley Water •""-• j" ™
- Street— - * " .87 00
100 Equitable Gas , ,„,,
20 First National Bank .: "*£lk
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar is nn
$13,000 s p of Arizona (1909)....:....;;;;;^ j$
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 90 is« iu%\
60 Alaska Packers' Assn. s »":"I**-* v i« S
10 Alaska Packers' . Assn. a 90 .. " J2[ r
.25 Cal Wine Assn .....V *™ ft
30 Contra Costa Water .... " 25
25 Equitable Gas " ■': Zl
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar " ss no
,40 Honokaa. Co Si SS
$4000 Mrrket St Ry 1st con 5 per cent.. 123 00
65 Market , Street Railway 83 DO
35 Market Street Railway 83 7.j
25 S F Gas & Electric Co... 43 50
15 S F Gas & Electric Co/» 5 43 37'^
19 Spring Valley Water 87 25
Street — „„ ,„
30 First National Bank 32? 50
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortgage). 100 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
500 Cala-Standard 20
350 Four 4j
10O Hone 3 30
10O PetJoleum Center 04
500 Reed Crude 34
30 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Cala-Standard 19
60 Caribou • 70
2 Hanford 93 00
1 Hanford 92 00
" 14 Hanford 90 00
6 Hanford 83 CO
500 Lion (b 60) 08
1000 Petroleum Center 04
100 Petroleum Center 93
100 Petroleum Center C3
■ iT ■ " 1
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Moraine Session.
800 Best & Belcher 12 1 200 Con Cal & Va>..l (0
W0 Challenge Con.. 081 2C0 Ophir (S
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 03| 300 Crown Point... 01
100 Caledonia 18 400 Gould & Curry OS
10O Challenge Con.. 09 500 Mexican 14
550 Con Cal & Va..l 60l 200 Ophir 70
The following; were the sales In the PaclSo
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Beat & Belcher 12 200 Ophir »
KM) Con Cal & Va..l 60 BOO Potosl 03
150 Hale & Nor.... 13 300 Savage 04
M0 Mexican 14 6C0 Union Con 19
Afternoon Session.
1000 Best A Belcher 13 800 Mexican 15
150 Caledonia 18 200 Ophir 70
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60 UOO Sierra Nevada. 07
600 Gould A Curry. 06 200 Silver Hill 2$
700 Mexican 14 800 Union Con.,..,, u
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Dec. 5—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 02 Justice oi 01
Alta 05 06 Kentuck — oj
Andes 01 02 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 02 03 Mexican 13 14
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental 02 03
Bullion ..: 02 03 Ophir 63 70
Caledonia ...-•.. 17 IS Overman 02 03
Challenge Con.. 09 10 Potosl 02 03
Chollar 03 04 Savage 03 05
Confidence 55 60 Scorpion 04
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65 Seg Belcher.... — 02
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 0« 07
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hilt 23 30
Crown Point... 01 02 St Louis 04
Eureka Con.... 14 — Standard 3 75 3 85
Exchequer — 0! Syndicate 05 07
Gould & Curry. 06 07 Union Con 10 11
Hale & Nor 13 14 Utah 05 06
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 06 07
- i OCEA2T TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
: L Steamers leave Broadway
®w^ Wharf, San Francisco:
ijjSSta^. ' For Alaskan port*— 11 a. m..
Dec. 2. 7. 12, 17. 22. 27. Jan. 1-
IS£ fcvt'SccSt Change to company's iteam-
KRJBbS \a| ers at Seattle.
! B^r5>«!Ql For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
MMhII C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
lif. Tacoma, Everett and New
(Wash.) — U a. m.*
Dec. S. 7 12. 17 23. 27. Jan. 1. Chang* at 8«-
iVti; for Ss company's steamers for Alaska
and O N By : at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry.': at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Dee.
'For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Loa Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles>— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m-
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cnis. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Louis Obispo). Gavlota, Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura. Huenenw East San Pedro, San Pedra
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 9
'"For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jow» del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (M«.>— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.- ■ _,
For further Information obtain the company's
folders. .
The company reserves the right to Chan**
steamers, sailing days and boors of sallinr
without prrvloua notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 1 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PFTRKINS ft CO.. O«n. Agent*. .
■ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N, CO.
Only Sxaatznslil-p Ijln* *o
PORTLAND, Op.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland t» nM
points East. Throu&h Tickets tn all
points, all rail or steamship Bid rail, at
LOWEST RATXS.
STZAM2R 'i\0SET3 INCLUDE BSRTHaad MEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.... Dec 4. 14. 14. Jan. J.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Satis Nov. ». Dec 9. U. 33
Steamer «alls from foot of Si>ear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. A«t.. 1 Montg»y. S.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
WXW TOBX. 80UTBAX7T0S. LONDOIf. TMKXX
Stopping at Cherbourr, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Louis Dec. lSIZeeland Jan. f
Philadelphia ...Dec. 25 St. Louis Jan. 15
Su Paul Jan. l] Philadelphia ....Jan. 23
RED STAR LIN Hi
N«w York and Antwerp
PYom New Tork "Wednesday at 13 noon,
Southwark Dec. 18 *Zeeland Jan. 8
•Vaderland Dec. 23 Friesland Jan. IS
Havorford . Jan. 1 Southwark Jan. 23
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
CHAS. I>. TATLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coaat. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHAHT, COR-
ner First and Brannan stre«t*. tt 1 a m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), ' Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
d%y of salllnsr.
B.8. NIPPON MARTI
Wednesday. December 13. 1901
S.S AMERICA MARU 17..
Saturday, January i. 1903
B.3 HONGKONO MARU
Thursday. January M. 1909
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's o*flc«.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. ' AVERT. General Ajwni.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, Dec. 14, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney — Thursday, Dec. 29. 10 a m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jan. 4. '02. 10 a. m.
I D.SP3ECXELS & BROS. GO., fisnara] Issnts. 327 Huisi St
Gn'I Passenger OHa, 643 ktarkat St.. Pier la. 7. Pack U
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA OIHEGL
Cabtn. $106: Steerage. $40: Meals Free. -
6. e. Argyll calls Monday. De;. O
8. 6. Leelannw sails Saturday, Tec. 21
6. S. Argyll Pnlls
From Lombard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st. '
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVI6ATI0N GO,
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
CHILE (Twin Screw).. TUCAPKL Dec. 21
Dec. 7 AREQUIPA Jan. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
; BALFOCR. GL'THRIE A CO.. On. Agents.
CQXPAQNI3 GSNSSAL3 TBA53ATUNTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^ u> -
Sailing every Thursday, instead of ■3B?fE5i>
Saturday, at 10 a. tn.. from pier 42. ■TwBB
North Hlver. foot of Morton street.
First class to Havrj. J7U and upward. Second
Clas* to Havre. (45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson bulletin?). New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coasc
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. Ran Francisco.
Ticket* wld hy alt Rallrnar! TIHcrt A*ent».
EAY AND BIVEIt STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. NAYf YAR) AND VALLEJ)
SteinnrjGS.V. FRI3B15 or MONTICSLL} ;/
t:45 a. m.. 1:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:20 noon, t p. m., ezstpc
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. in.. 4:15 p. m. F^re SO
cents. Telephone Main 15CS. Landing and
office, pier 2, MiMion-stxeet dock. HATCH
BEOS.JAMES MORAGHAN
IS SUED AGAIN
The Oysterman's Wife
Claims life Has Failed
to Provide for Her.
Many Divorces Are Granted
by Judges of Superior
Court.
Once again the marital troubles of
ilary o. Moraghan and James B. Morag
han are to be aired in the courts The
young wife of the oyster man filed suit
fa°[lu d reTo Ce pr 5 ovSr ay " "» «"«* °<
Mr. and Mrs. Moraghan were married
1900. in December of the same
>*-;-r Mrs Moraghan sued for divorce on
gecougt of her husbands alleged cruel tv'
irm-p.ds cf the young couple effected a
month? 3110 "' bUt Pea ° e On * la«S rtght
Voting Moraghan. according to his
S£,**S I 2££Site fai!ed to provide her
«h. Wv, c ,T molf neces *aries of life, and
rae asks the court to set her frte an!
compel her husband to pay her an allow*
v?r U £ C< \ H V b *. ard granted decrees of d'
irora Uij Cereghino on the ground of
£h!n2 % rl r eS S: M <- L aren from Jose
for e ne£le£? nCher frOm Frank "' £?«*«*
divorce were filed yesterday
««of enee Casena against Miguel Ca
\vSirl2 r » ruelt 5' Fran cis L. Bates againn
falter Bates for desertion and Nora T
to' e »rov--de EalnSt °* C " Iverson for f'»Iura
EXPERTS FAIL TO AGREE
IN HANDBALL TOURNAMENT
Keither Referee Nor Players Can De
cide a Certain Point and ihe
• Play Is Repeated.
iirst dispute in the Olympic Club
handball tournament developed last night
In the match between Curley and Russ.
The former won the first game. 21— 4.
Russ won the second. IS— 21. In the third
Curley had 17 to Russ' nothing, when the
latter commenced to score until it was 17
all. It then went to 20 all. Russ tossed
tiie ball and Curley returned it, but
neither the players nor Referee Gloason
could say whether Jt struck the front wall
fairly. The referee decided Russ must
serve over. He did so and was put out
Quickly. Curley then made the winning
point. Owing to the unsatisfactorv end
ing- of the match It may be played "agrain
In the other games T. 1. Fitzpatrick de
feated Fred Krorit. 21—5, 21—5. Fred
"VVegener defeated T. J. Sherry. 15—21,
n— 17, 21—1. Georgo Janes defeated R
Bowman. 21—2, 21—16. Stratford defaulted
to O. Crable. .
To-night Green and Levy and Rosenfeld
and Melrose meet.
Simonini Evidently Crazy.
Victcrio Simonini, who was arrested
TVednes-day night in a cabin in Sutro"s
forest, near lngleside. after an exchange
of shots with several bluecoats from the
Seventeenth-street station, was charged
at the City Prison yesterday with as
sault to murder. The case was called In
Judge Oonlan's court, but as Simonini
«.-as at the Emergency Hospital the case
P"-.as continued for a week. Later In the
«iay Simonini was brought from the hos
pital and locked up in the City Prison.
The man is evidently crazy, and when
asked why he firc-d at the officers he said
ihe "clock told him to do it."
Will Get Hassler's Old Position.
j ne civil bervice Commission yester
day certified the names of Harrington B.
Graham and F. H. Stahle from the
eligible list to the Board of Health for
appointment to the position of assistant
sanitary inspector made vacant by the
rromotion of Dr. W. C. Hassler to the
chief sanitary inspectorship. Stahle is at
present employed in the Tax Collector's
office as an exix-rlenced clerk and will re
main there. This will leave the place
open to Graham, who will in all likeli
hood be appointed.
BASEBALL STARS WIN
FROM THE ANGELS
National League Players Score Four
Runs to Three for the South
ern Team.
LOS .VXGELES, Dec. 5.— The Xatlonal
. League baseball players defeated the Los
Angeles team to-day in an eight-inning
game of fast and interesting ball. The
ecore was 4 to 3. Schmidt, formerly of the
Oakland Club, was in the box for the
Easterners and pitched winning ball.
4 Deane put in Hartwell. He had good
f fpeed and struck out Mertes and' Chance.
Van HaJtrcn struck out. but Decker called
the third strike a ball, much to the dis
gust of the fans. This decision In the
third inning' grave the game to the Na
tionals as Van lined out a safe hit on
the next attempt, stole second and scored
on Kelly's wild throw to first while trying
to catch Mertes. A moment later Beckley
hit to right field and the ball rolled under
the fence and Mertes and the captain
walked home. After this -they could do
nothing damaging to Hartwell's curves.
DecKer called the game with one man out
In the last half of the eighth inning on
account of darkness. The weather was
dull and threatening, which accounted for
the poor attendance.
Score: Los Ang-eles, 3: Nationals, 4.
Batteries — Hartwell and Spies; Schmidt
and Chance. Umpire— Decker.
EXPERTS GIVE TESTIMONY
AT THE BONINE TBIAL
Their Evidence Relates to the De
fendant's Health at the Time
of the Killing.
WASHINGTON. Dec. S.-Experts called
by the defense continued their testimony
to-day at the trial of Mrs. Lola "Ida
Bonine, charged with the murder of
James Seymour Ayers Jr. in May last.
The evidence related almost entirely to
the state of Mrs. Bonine's health at the
time of the killing. Maurice Bonine, her
Ki-ii, was recalled and stated that it was
l'js custom to carry the family washing
u the laundrcF.s, who herself gave evi
dJiice as to the nature of the garments
bought to her on the following day after
Ayors' death.
Ceorge W. Thompson, colored, a former
employe of the Kcnfflore, testified that he
Fad overheard Mrs. Bonine. Bonine and
Ayers talking about chemistry and medi
cal subjects. ■;•-";.;
Liverpool Exchange on Fire.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 5.— As the result of
an explosion the Liverpool Exchange is
new on fire. r . M.; •'*"'■''-'■■:■-<
HEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
QTJEEW VICTORIA'S HAIR.
Its Profusion, at Her Age, Has Al-
ways Been a Wonder.
Over SO years old Queen Victoria yet
had luxuriant hair, which had for years
1jcen a marvel. The court physician,
following Prof. Unna's discovery, had
treated Her Majesty's scalp with a
ecrm destroying preparation, which he
has always kept secret. It is now
known, however, that the remedy for
dandruff, the germ destroying element,
Jj» ( mbodied In Newbro's Herplcide, the
oily hair preparation on the market
that does destroy the dandruff germ.
Without dandruff, hair will grow pro-
fusely, and falling hair will be stopped.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect"
. ■ %
FOG PORTENDS
HEAVY STORM
Southern Farmers Are
Anxious for an Early
Rain.
Crops Are Not , in Danger,
but More Moisture Is
Desired.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— Clear and
sunny days with foggy mornings prevail
in this city and vicinity. The Weather
Bureau predicts rain, following; the grad
ual southward trend of the storm now
passing over Northern and Central Cali
fornia. i3torm warnings were this morn
ing sent 1 to north-bound vessels leaving
locel ports. Crops are in good condition,
early oranges and lemons being shipped in
considerable quantity. On neavy land
rain will not be needed for several weeks.
Farmers are plowing and needing rapidly
and a downpour now would start a new
growth of weeds and hinder the work,
ihe ground in the uplands, where the soil
is light and sandy, is drying rapidly and
necos moisture.
FRESNO, Dec. 5.— Several showers of
rain have been received since 5 o'clock
this afternoon and more rain will prob
ably follow. Although the precipitation to
date is less than half of what it was at
this time last 'year crops are growing
rapidly. The abnormally warm weather
and heavy fog which have prevailed and
the showers coming at opportune inter
vals have made the conditions excellent
for agriculture.
BAKERSF1ELD, Dec. 5.— This city this
morning was enveloped in a dense fog and
it was hoped that the much-needed rain
lall would follow, but a few hours later
all was clear and bright and the chances
for a xtorm are not favorable. The farm
ing community is dry plowing and will
sow grain as soon as possible in the hope
thai the cereals may mature. A late sea
sou is generally looked for.
SAN* DIEGO, Dec. 5.— The northern
storm, which it was hoped would find its
way to this end of the State, has not yet
made its appearance here and there are
no indications whatever of rain in the
near future. None of the crops are suf
fering in this locality, but a good rainfall
wculd be welcomed by the husbandmen.
The nights are "foggy, but the days bright
an.i clear. •
SANTA ANA. Dec. 5.— Santa Ana Val
ley is experiencing- an unprecedented
weather condition. In the" valley at this
time of the year clear weather prevails,
with occasional showers, but so far this
season there has been but one rainfall,
with heavy fogs night and day. Rain is
needed badly to help plowing. Crops are
in good shape generally, though the heavy
fogs retard orange picking. The ranchers
expect a late season.
STOCKTOX. Dec. 5.— The rain of the
past few days has been of great benefit
to the farming interests, softening the
ground so as to permit of plowing. Green
feed has been especially benefited by the
moisture. The indications now all point
to a propitious season for the farmer.
Crops will be put in early this year; ear
lier than usual, the chances are. During
the night it clouded up and to-day there
is a drizzling rain falling, but dark clouds
overhang this part of the country and a
protracted storm is looked for. The rain
fall up to date is a little less than «t
this time last year, but it has come more
opportunely. •
SAN JOSE, Dec. 5.— There have been
several slight showers this forenoon and
there is every indication of a heavy down
fall before nislit. The farmers and
orchardists are in fine spirits, for suffi
cient rain has already fallen to permit
plowing and also put the soil in good con
d'tion for grass growing.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 5.— There was a
light rain last night. Rain becran falling
again at 9 o'clock this morning- and has
been coming down steadily during the
day. Rain was needed on -the uplands,
farmers having complained that the
ground was too dry to plow. Now they
are saying there has been a sufficient
precipitation. The rainfall has been gen
eral throughout the valley. There was a
Kght fall of hail in the mountains last
night.
RAINFALL IS GENERAL.
Tcrccast Official Predicts Continu
ance of Stormy Weather. •
A considerable amount of rain fell in
San Francisco and throughout the north
ern part of the State yesterday. In Eu
reka there was a steady downpour -all day
and a depth of 1.2 inches was registered.
Exceptionally high winds swept the conn
try in the region cf Cape Mendocino and
the weather was rather rough all along
the coast.
Xo rain fell south of Fresno, but Fore
caster Willson predicts that Southern Cal
ifornia is likely to receive a drenching to
day. Nevada had some rain and a grc;it
deal of windy weather yesterday. Snow
was reported at Baker City in Oregon.
The storm. seems likely to continue for
some time, and the rainfall is expected to
be general throughout the West. The
weather for San Francisco is predicted to
be unsettled to-day.
CF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
Or THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Made in the Postal
Service and Ne\7 Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— Postofflce es
tablished: Washington— Eldon. Kitsap
County, Mary A. Thomas, postmistress.
Postofflces discontinued, December 31:
Washington— Moran and Paradise, mail
goes to Spokane.
Postmasters appointed: California — Ed
win A. Light, Capetown, Humboldt Coun
ty, vice William W. Smiley, resigned;
Annie H. Cooke, Hurleton, Butte County,
vice G. A. Cooke. removed; Henry J. Pal
wett. Zebra. Madera County, vice Emma
Lorentzen, resigned.
Oregon — John H. Davidson, Rowland,
Linn County, vice Bruce Davidson, re
signed.
These pensions, were granted: California
—Original— Julius M. Duncan. Oakland,
$6; Maxwell K. Walker. Oakland, $8. War
with Spain— John E. HIckox, Los Angeles.
$17; Otto H. Brandt. Shellville, $10; Samuel
S. Salomon. Los Angeles, $12; John Gideon
Meserve. Alameda, 530; Patrick Keleh^r.
San Francisco, $10. Widows— Lavlna
Hook. Garden Grove, $8; Eliza J. Talbott,
Banta Cruz. $17.
Oregon— Increase — William Burge, Tur
ner. 810. Widow— Eliza M. Willis, Hepp
ner. $8.
Washington — Original — Neville Tunmer,
Port Discovery, $8.
SOUTHERN REPRESENTATION.
Republicans "Will Caucus to Define
Some Plan of Action.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.—Representa
tive Crumpaeker of Indiana is passing a
petition for the calling of a Republican
caucus to define pome plan of action on
the question of the alleged overrepre
sentation in the South. He said to-day
that many of his party were signing and
he had no doubt that two-thirds of the
Republicans were in favor of defining
some policy. The caucus, if called, will
determine two things:
First— Whether the reduction of the
Southern representation is to be made a
Republican policy.
Second— What means shall be adopted to
reach the desired end in the quickest and
easiest manner.
Representative Crumpacker Is one of
the original movers of the proposition to
reduce the Southern representation and
Is working in harmony with Representa
tive Moody of Massachusetts, who pre
sented a resolution challenging the Louis
iana delegation.
TORPEDO BOArr DESTROYER
COLLIDES WITH A STEAMER
LONDON, Dec. 5.— Another accident to
a British torpedo boat destroyer, fortu
nately "without loss of life, has Just been
a<-ded to the long series of such accidents
suffered by the British navy during the
past few months.
The torpedo boat destroyer Wizard,
while steaming out from Portsmouth, col-
Uded with a passenger steamer. Her
bows were stove in. but she managed to
regain the harbor. The Wizard was badly
damaged.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6/1901.
GRADUATES OF ALAMEDA HIGH
SCHOOL FORM AN ASSOCIATION
Alumni of Institution Will Renew Serial Alliances and
Work in Cause of Education.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 5.— After several
unsuccessful efforts made during
the last twenty years to organize
an alumni association of the
graduates of the Alameda High
School, the much-desired result has final-
JUDGES AWARD
POULTRY PRIZES
Chicken Breeders From
All Over State At
tend Show. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 5.
The poultry show at the Exposition
building continues to attract large
crowds, and among those that attended
to-day were bird and dog breeders from
all over the State.
The collection of high-born domestic
fowls is ihe largest and oest ever got to
gether on the coast. Poultry raisers In
large numbers are attending the show for
the purpose of studying the artificial
hatcheries which are on exhibition in
great variety and in every stage of op
eration.
Five disconsolate Belgian hares, survi
vors of a short-lived but famous fad,
with rare consideration for the feelings
of the many victims of their one-time
popularity, have been given a place in an
out of the way corner of the Exposition
building. The hares seem to realize that
thev are out of tune ■with the times and
an "air of gloom surrounds their quarters.
The judges of the poultry and pigeons
have almost completed their work. The
awards in these classes so far as they
have been made are as follows:
POULTRY DEPARTMENT.
Barred Plymouth Rock: Pens— First, A. J.
SchmittKen; second, OFgood & Son; third, Yv\
H Arps- fourth, L. N. Cobbledlck; fifth, W.
H. Arps; sixth, John Fahrenkrog.
Cocks— First, L. N. Cobbledlck; second, A. J.
Schmlttgen; third, S. M. Butler; fourth, W.
H. Arps.
Hens First L. N. . Cobbledick; second, Os
eood & Son; third, James S. Nalsmlth; fourth,
W. H. Arps; fifth, S. M. Butler.
Cockerels— First, A. J. Schmittgen; second,
Fred Rogers KutZ; third. Arthur W. Cowell;
fourth. Ospocd & Son; fifth. B. M. Butler.
Pullets— First, L. N. Cobbledick: second, A.
H. Gregory; third, L. N. Cobbledlck; fourth,
S. M. Butler; fifth, A. II. Gregory.
■\Vhite Plymouth Rock: Pens— First, and Bec
ond. George Sherman; third, C. G. Hinds & Co.
Cocks— First. F. B. Van Nostrand; second,
C. G. Hinds & Co.: third, W. H. Arps;. fourth,
Mr*. S. J. Fayle: fifth, C. G. Hinds & Co.
Hens— First, W. H. Arps; second, C. G.
Hinds &. Co.; third. Mrs. S. J. Fayle.; fourth,
George Sherman; iirtii, Mrs. S. J. Fayle.
Cockerels— First, S. M. Butler; Eecond, Mrs.
S. J. Fayle: third, S. M. Butler; fourth and
fifth, C. G. Hinds & Co.
Pullets— First, George Sherman; second, Mrs.
A. L. Adams; third, Mrs. 8. J. Fayle; fourth,
C. G. Hinds & Co.; firth, H. H. Holland.
Buff Plymouth Rock: Pens— First, second
and third. Key & Kline.
Cocks— First, Key & Kline; second, George D.
Lubben.
Hens— First, Key & Kline; second, George D.
Lubbeh; third, H. H. Holland.
Cockerels — First and second. Key & Kline.
Pullets — First, eecond, third and fourth. Key
& Kline.
Pigeon department: Class 1— First, coop 1,
Champion ljofts, 100; fifth, coop 2, Champion
Lofts, 96; second, coop 3, Champion Lofts, U7%;
third, coop 4, Athens Lofts, 97; fourth, coojj 0,
Athens Lofts. 96.
■ Class 2: Blue Runt cocks, young— First,
coop 7. Champion Lofts, 88Vi; third, coop 8,
Champion Lofts, 96^; fifth, coop 9, Champion
Lofts, 93U; fourth, coop 10, Champion Lofts,
95%; second, coop 12, Al Wood Lofts, 97%.
Class 3: Blue Runt hens, old— Third, coop 13,
Champion Lofts, 84%; first, coop 14, Athens
Lofts, S7>4; second, coop 15, American Lofts,
95% : fourth. Coop 15, Athens Lofts, 92.
Class 4: Blue Runt hens, young— Second,
coop 17, Champion Lofts, 93%; fifth, coop 18,
Champion Lofts, 90; first, coop. 19, Champion
Lofts, 95; third, coop 20, Champion Lofts, 93^4;
fourth, coop 21, Champion Lofts, 93.
Class 6: Silver Runt cocks, old— First, coop
23. Champion Lofts, 99; second." coop 24, Athens
Lofts, 93%; fourth, coop 25, , 91%; third.
coop 27. Laurel Grdve Park, 92; fifth, coop 28,
American, 89%.
Class 6: Silver Runt cocks, young— First,
coop 32. American Lofts, 92; third, coop 30,
Athens Lofts, 90; second, coop 31, Athens Lofts,
91; fourth, coop 33, American Lofts, 86. <
Class 7: Silver Runt hens, old— First, coop
36. Athens Lofts, 85%; fourth, cood 37, Athens
ly been accomplished and a permanent
society formed. , ■ •;■
In a great measure this friendly and
fraternal union of those who completed
the course and were honored with diplo
mas from the high school was brought
Lofts,- 04; second, coop 3S, Athens Lofts, 91%:
third, coop 40. Athens Lofts, 91U; fifth, coop
42, Al Wood's Lofts, 93%.
Class 8: Silver Runt hens, young — First,
coop 44, American Lofts, S3.
Class 9: Blue Checker cooks, old — First, coop
45, Pacific Lofts, 87%; second, coop 46, Ameri
can Lofts, S5U; third. Coop 47, American Lofts,
83'*.
Class 10: Blue Checker cocks, young— First,
coop 49, American Lofts, 80%; second, coop 48,
, 85.
Class 11: Bay Checker hens, old — First, coop
01. American Lofts, 84%; second, coop 50, Pa
cific Lofts, 84%.
Class 12: Red Runt hens, old— First, coop 53,
Athens Lofts. 8S; second, coop 53, Pacific Lofts,
83%.
Class 13: Red Runt hens, old— First, coop 56,
Pacific Lofts, SI; second, coop 57, Laurel Grove
Park, 80%; third, coop 58, Laurel Grove Park,
79.
Class 14: Red Runt hens, young— First, coop
59, Laurel Grove Park, 14%.
Class 15: Dun Checker Runt cocks, old—Sec
ond, coop 60. Pacific Lofts, 88%; third, coop 61.
Pacific Lofts, 85%; flrst, coop 62, Pacific Lofts,
Class 16: Dun Checker Hens, old— First, coop
63, Al Wood, 92%.
R. C. Brown Leghorns: Cocks— First and
second, T. B. C. Slelcken.
Hens— First, second and third, T. B. C.
Sielcken.
S. C. Brown Leghorns: liens — First and sec
ona. Williams Bros.: third. G. AARothamel.
Cocks— First, W. H. Arps; second, Williams
Uros.; third, W. H. Arps; fourth and fifth,
Wtllloms Bros.
Hens— First, W. H. Arps; second. Williams
Bros.; third, W. If Arps; fourth, Williams
Bros.; fifth, H. H. Holland.
Cockerels— First, second, third and fourth,
Williams Bros.; fifth, George D. Lubben.
Pullets— First, second, third and fourth, Wii
liams Bros,; fifth, W. 11. Arps.
Buff Wyandotte: Hen— Second, - George M.
Scaton.
Cock— First, Georce M. Seaton.
Hens — First and second, George M. Seaton
Cockerels— First, C. B. Hick.
Pullets — First, second and third, C. B. Rick"
fourth, Georee M. Seaton.
S. C. White Leghorn : Hens— First, Edwin
Richards; second, William Marshall; third C
B. CarrlnKton; fourth, J. F. Sarmento.' fifth
C. B. Carrlnston.
Cocks — First, Edwin Richards; second, J. F.
Sarmento: third, Edwin Richards; fourth and
fifth, C. B. Carrington.
Hens— First. Edwin Richards; second and
third, J. F. Sarmento: fourth. C. B. Carring
ton; fifth, J. F. Sarmento.
Cockerels— First, Edwin Richards; second, J:
F. Sarmento: third, Edwin Richards; fourth
C. B. Canington: fifth, M. J. Madison. '
Pullets — First, J. F. Sarmento; second Ed
win Richards: third^and fourth, C. B ' Car
rini?ton: fifth, J. F. Sarmento. ,
White Wyandotte: Cock— Third, Santa Teresa
Poultry Farm.
Hens— First and second, B. E. Wood; third
fourth and fifth, Benjamin Byron. '
Cockprels — First, second, third and fourth
Santa. Teresa Poultry Farm. '
Pullets— First. Santa Teresa Poultry Farm*
Becond, John Dick; third. Santa. Teresa Poultry
Farm; fourth and fifth, W. P. Lyon.
Partridge Wyandotte: Cock— First, R. a
Condee.
Hens— First and second. R. A. Condee
Cockerels— First. Mrs. C. G. Hinds; second
and third, R. A. Condee
Pullets— First and second, R. a. Condee
third and fourth, Mrs. C. G. Hinds; fifth, R a'
Condee.
Silver Wyandotte: Cocks— First, H n
Knight; Becond, H. S. Taynton.
Henu— First, W. T. Hohenshell; second H t)
Knight; third. Vf.T. Hohenshell; fourth Ja'me-
Mitchell. , '
Cockerels-First. W f . T, Hohenshell; second
James Mitchell; third. W. T. Hohenshell '•
fourth and fifth, James Mitchell. '
Pullets— First. H. D. Knight; second and
third, W. T. Hoheneheli; fourth, H. r>. Knight •
fifth, W. T. Hohenshell.
Cock— First, O. T. Nobmann.
Hen-First. O. T. Nobmann.
Cockerels— First, James Mitchell.
Pullets— First, S. E. Wood ; second, Jajncj
Mitchell. ■ ■■ ■
Spencer Committed Suicide.
City Toxicologist Charles L. Morgan re
ported to Coroner Leland yesterday that
he had found hydrocyanic acid in the
stomach of Strother Spencer, a clerk, em
ployed by the Owl Drug Company, who
died in the Central Emergency * Hospital
last Tuesday. Spencer was found uncon
scious*'in the basement of the drug store
last Tuesday afternoon and it was
thought he was suffering from heart dis
ease.
San Francisco Club Boxing.
Alex Greggalns' aggregation of hard
hitting-boxers will perform to-night, in
|he San Francisco Athletic Club gym
nasium.' Eight bouts are down for de
cision and some lively going is promised.
The usual large attendance of men who
like to see whirlwind boxing is expected.
about through the earnest endeavors of
Dr. A. W. Scott, now principal of the in
stitution. He sent out hundreds of in
vitations to graduates of the high school
to attend the preliminary formation meet
ing, which was held this week at the
First M. E. Church. Nearly 200 respond
ed and the gathering was a representa
tive and memorable one. Almost every
class since 1879 had one or more members
present. In numerous instances class
mates met and exchanged greetings and
reminiscences for the first time since their
graduation day. 1
An address of welcome was delivered
by Dr. Scott, who presided as chairman
of the assembly. He informed his audit
ors that the object of establishing an
• alumni association was twofold— to renew
school-day social alliances and to enlist
THREE OFFICERS OF THE ALUM
. NI ASSOCIATION OF THE ALA
MEDA HIGH SCHOOL.
the interest and support of all the grad
uates in the bond election, to be held Sat
urday, which, if it carries, insures the
erection of a splendid brick building for
the high school and also increased ac
commodations for grammar grade pupils.
With an expression that was unanimous
the High School Alumni placed them
selves on record as being in favor of se
curing as soon as possible what they de
clared to be an actual and immediate
necessity— expanded facilities for every
department of local public school work.
Officers of the Alumni Association were
elected as fallows: President, Dr. A. "W.
Scott; secretary. "W. B. Elliot, class of
'90; board of directors — Mrs. Florence
Souther '89, Miss Meda Mecartney '94,
Miss Fannie Keys '00, Fred Bordwell '91,
Leo Robinson '87, B, T. Elliot '90, Dr.
William Bacon.
Lecturers to Please Audiences.
OAKLAND, Dec. 5.— A series of five
popular lectures has been arranged to be
given for the benefit of a fund with which
it is proposed to advertise Alameda Coun
ty. The lecturers will be the Rev. E. K.
Baker, Thomas J. Kirk, the Rev. Barton
Perry, H. V. Morehouse and the Rev.
George Sweeney. The first lecture will
be given to-morrow night in Hamilton
Hall, when the Rev. Mr. Baker will tell
about "The Blues and How to Get Rid of
Them."
THINK TRAMP
IS A MURDERER
Pasadena Officers Make
Arrest in the Wil
cox Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA, Dec. 5.— Earl Miller, a
tramp, has been arrested here on sus
picion of having murdered Mr. and Mrs.
A. P. Wilcox and their child at Downey
on or about November IS.
The murder was one Of the most myste
rious ever known in this section.. and all
other clews failing, the detectives sus
pect this man, who was seen in the neigh
borhood about the time of the murder.
SANTA ANA. Dec. 5.— Continual brood-
Ing over the horrors of the Downey
tragedy on the part of William Bennett
of tiuena Pr.rk brought on a case of mo
nomania, which led to his suicide on
Tuesday night.
Bennett imagined that he had perpe
trated, the dastardly deed and that he
was being hunted to his death by the po
lice, until in a fit of desperation he took
his own life by shooting himself in tfie
head.
William Bennett was an aged man and
had lived In and about Buena Park for a
number of years.
KILLING AT WALNUT GBOVE
REOPENS HIGHBINDER WAR
Hip Tings Dispatch to Various
Points on Coast Messages
1 to Slay. '
Another life was sacrificed yesterday in
• the highbinder war, which opened with
a carnival of blood in Chinatown on
Thanksgiving night. Ah Mew, a member
of the Hip Ying Tong, was shot and
killed by Ping Kong Tong men at Walnut
Grove, Sacramento County, shortly be
fore the noon hour. The death of Mew
is the signal for tha extension of the war
at all places on the coast where men of
the warring factions? abide.
The Ping Kong Tong is helplessly weak
in this city. With tho members of the
Four Families and the Hip Ylng Tong to
combat they are handicapped by heavy
odds. • Wednesday they held a meeting
and resolved to do their bloody work in
localities where their adversaries were in
the minority and the first man to suffer
the sting of their bullets was Ah Mew in
Walnut Grove. . .
When the report of the murder reached
the headquarters of the Hip Yings last
night they immediately dispatched word
to many places on the coast, ordering Its
highbinders to slay Ping Kong Tong men
and raising the*prices that have been
placed on the heads of members of that
tong in this city. When the police heard
of the condition of affairs they renewed
their efforts to prevent bloodshed.
• The Four Families became divided on
the subject of the war at a meeting held
in Waverly place last night. The Jueng
and Quong families detided that they
have had sufficient satisfaction and will
leave. the continuation of their end of the
struggle to the Low and Jue families.
Hobles Convicted of Manslaughter.
A jury in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday. United States District
Judge de Haven presiding as Circuit
Judge, returned a verdict charging Wil
liam Robles with manslaughter and rec
ommending him to the mercy of the
courjt. Robles stabbed • and killed Otto
Schroeder on board the American bark
California in the harbor of Hakodate, Ja
pan, several months ago. Both were
members of the crew. Robles put in a
plea of self-defense.
EARLY REPORT
ON CANAL BILL
Senate Committee Dis
posed to Act on Mor
gan's Measure.
Full Text of the Hay-Paunce
fote Treaty 'is Given
to the People.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— The Senate
Committee on Isthmian Canal to-day en
gaged in a general discussion of the Nica
ragua canal bill which was introduced
by Senator Morgan, but adjourned with
out action because of the absence of Sen
ator Hanna. The disposition of the com
mittee is to report the bill at an early
date, although it is not exp'ected that ac
tion will be taken on it by the Senate
prior to the disposition of the new canal
treaty with Great Britain. The commit
tee is also disposed to act first on the
bill as introduced by Senator Morgan,
providing only for the acquisition of right
of way, leaving the details of legislation
for the construction of the waterway to
the future.
New Hay-Fatmcefote Treaty.
The new' Hay-Pauncefote treaty, pro
viding for the construction of a canal
across the Isthmus of Nicaragua, as sent
to the Senate, is as follows:
The United States of America and his Maj
esty. Edward the Seventh, ot the United King
dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the
British dominions beyond > the seas. Kins and
Emperor of India, being desirous to facilitate
the construction of a ship canal to connect the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans, by -whatever route
may be considered expedient, and- to that end
to remove any objection which may arise out
of the treaty of April, 1850, commonly called
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, to the construction
of such canal under the auspices of the Gov
ernment of the United States without impair
ing "the general principle" of neutralization
established in article VIII of that convention,
have for the purpose appointed as their plen
ipotentiaries: The President of the United
States, John Hay, Secretary of State of the
Unfted States of America, and his Majesty,
Edward VII of the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and of Ireland and of the British
dominions beyond the seas. King and Emperor
of India, the Right Hon. Lord Pauncefote,
G.C.B., G.C.M.G.. his Majesty's Embassador
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to
the United States, who, having communicated
to each other their full powers, which were
meant to be in due and proper form, Jiave
agreed upon the following articles:
Article I— The high contracting parties agree
that the present treaty shall supersede the
aforementioned convention of the 19th ot April,
1850.
Article II— It is agreed that the canal may
be constructed under the auspices of the Gov
ernment of the United States, either directly
at Its own cost or by gift or by loan of money
to individuals or corporations or through sub
scription to or purchase of stock or shared,
and that, subject to the provisions of the pres
ent treaty the said Government shall have and
enjoy all the rights incident to such construc
tion, as well as the exclusive right of providing
for the regulation and management of the
cajial.
Article III— The United States adopts as the
basis of the neutralization of such canal the
following rules substantially as embodied in
the convention of Constantinople, signed the
28th of October. 1888. for the free navigation
of the Suez canal, that is to say:
Open to All Vessels.
; 1. The canal shall be free and open to the
vessels of commerce and of war of all na
tions observing these rules, on terms of en
tire equality so that there shall be no dis
criminating against any such nation or its
citizens or subjects. In respect of the condi
tions or charges ot traffic or otherwise. Such
conditions and charges of traffic shall be Just
and equitable. . ,
2. The canal shall never be blockaded nor
shall any right of war be exercised nor any
act of hostility be committed within it. The
United States, however, shall be at liberty to
maintain such military police along the canal
as may be necessary to protect It against law
lessness and disorder.
3. Vessels of war of a belligerent eball not
revictual nor take any stores in the canal ex
cept so far as may be strictly necessary; and
the transit of such vessels through the canal
shall be effected with the least possible delay
In accordance -with the regulations in force,
and with Qnly such intermission as may re
sult from the necessities of the service. Prizes
shall be in all cases subject to the same rules
as vessels of war of the belligerents.
4. No belligerent shall embark or disembark
troops, munitions of war or warlike materials
"in the canal except in case of accidental hin
drance of the transit, and In such case the
transit shall be resumed with all possible dis
patch.
5. The provisions of this article shall apply
to waters adjacent to the canal within three
marine miles of each end. Vessels of war of
a belligerent shall not remain In such waters
longer than twenty-four hours at any one time
except In case of distress, and in such case
ehall depart as soon as possible, but a vessel
of war of one belligerent shall not depart
within twenty-four hours from the departure
of a vessel of war of the other belligerent.
Immunity From Attack.
6. The plant, establishments, buildings and
all works necessary to the construction, main
tenance and operation of the canal shall be
deemed to be part thereof for the purpose of
this treaty, and in ! time Of war as in time
of peace shall enjoy complete immunity from
attack or injury by belligerents and from acts
calculated to impair their usefulness as part
of the canalA
- Article IV— It is agreed that no change of
territorial sovereignty or of international re
lations of the country or countries traversed
by the beforemcntloned canal shall affect the
preneral principle of neutralization or the ob
ligation of the high contracting parties under
the present treaty.
Article V— The present treaty shall be rati
fied by the President of the United States by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate
thereof, and by his Brita.mic Majesty; and the
ratifications shall be exchanged at Washington
or at London at the earliest possible time
within six months from the date hereof.
In faith whereof the respective plenipoten
tiaries have signed this treaty and hereunto
affixed their seals.
Done in - duplicate at Washington, the 18th
day of November, in the year of our Lord,
one thousand nine hundred and one.
JOHN HAY (Seal).
PAUNCEFOTE.
The following is the letter of President
Roosevelt transmitting the treaty to the
Senate:
To the Senate: I transmit for the advice and
consent of the Senate to Its ratification a
treaty signed November 18. 1901. by the re
spective plenipotentiaries of the United : States
and Great Britain to facilitate the construction
Of n ship canal to connect the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans by whatever route may be con
sidered expedient, and to that end, to re-"
move any objection which may arise out of the
convention of April 19. 1850. commonly called
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, to the construction
of such canaV under the auspices of the Gov
ernment of the United States without impair
ing "the general principle" of neutralization
established In article VIII of that convention.
I also Inclose a report from the Secretary of
State submitting the convention for my eon->
sideration. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
White House, "Washington. December 4, 1901.
The- text of Secretary Hay's report on
the treaty as made to the President was
also transmitted to the Senate, but the
language is practically the same as that
In the President's letter of transmittal
EEGTJLATION OF IMMIGRATION.
Penrose Introduces a Bill Amending
Present Laws.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5. — Senator Pen
rose to-day introduced in the Senate a bill
for the regulation of immigration pre
pared by himself and the Commissioner
General of Immigration, which looks to
ward a .revision of the laws upon this
question. The measure provides for a
duty of $3 per head on all persons com
ing into this country from foreign coun
tries, except those who. are citizens of
this-- country or Canada or Mexico; the
fund to be thus raised to be applied to
the payment of. the expenses incident to
the regulation of immigration. The bill
excludes all idiots, paupers and persons
liable to become public charges and those
afflicted with loathsome or . Contagious
diseases. It prohibits assistance in the
matter of passage and provides heavy
penalties for the Importation of women
for immoral purposes. Steamship com
panies are prevented under heavy penalty
advertising for foreign business. ■
Boy Dies From the Wound.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— Edward Ben
nett, a 10-year-old boy, died to-day from
injuries received at the hands of a 17
year-old boy named Wood. Bennett was
shot in the neck by Wood, who fired his
revolver into a crowd of children during
a street fight several days ago.
NAVY REQUIRES
MORE OFFICERS
Captain Sigsbee Shows
Urgent Necessity of
an Increase; .
Desires to Prepare the De
partment for a Possible
Emergency.
CAU, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— Captain
Sigsbee, chief intelligence officer of the
navy, has significantly compared the per
sonnel of the American service with' that
of Germany in order to show the necea-,
slty of an increase of American naval
officers. Captain Sigsbee's comparison 1 la
made in an official report to Rear Admiral
Crowninshield, chief of the bureau of
navigation, and has occasioned not a lit
tle comment among the officers, who un
derstand the department's desire -to be
prepared for any emergency which may
be precipitated by German eagerness to
establish coaling stations in tho western
hemisphere. Captain Sigsbee says that
Germany "provides for a systematic In
crease in her naval personnel commensu
rate with the increase in material, which
will result in fully providing the German
fleet with educated and trained line offi
cers in the event of hostilities."
Captain Sigsbee presents a table which
shows that the German navy has already
341 more officers, trained and under train
ing to perform line and engineer duties,
than the United States and that this dis
crepancy is increasing at the rate of 179
per year. "The grades in which we are
weakest," he continues, "are those, of
lieutenant, lieutenant junior grade, and
ensign. Germany is stronger by 132, and
while we have but 126 naval cadets who
could be commissioned in an emergency.
Germany has 426, an advantage of 300.
In addition to her preponderance of 133
lieutenants and ensigns for line duty, Ger
many has 167 in those grades for engineer
duty, which increases the weight against
us to 290. as in our service the line in
cludes both duties. It is respectfully sug
gested that the bureau's recommendation
to the department that the personnel be
Increased in regular ratio with the In
crease of material is the only logical sys
tem and that the longer the necessities of
the service are evaded more radical and
costly must be the remedy when It Is at
last forced upon the country."
OAKLAND OFFICIAL
SUCCUMBS TO APOPIiEXn
George H. Carleton, Superintendent
of Fire and Police Telegraph.
System, Dies Suddenly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Dec, 5.
George H. Carleton, for twenty-five
years superintendent of the fire and po
lice telegraph alarm department of Oak
land and a resident of this city for nearly,
r.alf a century, passed away at 4 o'clock;
this afternoon at his residence, 541 Nine
teenth street, having been stricken with
apoplexy shortly after noon yesterday.
Mr. Carleton was taken suddenly 111 al
most immediately after his noonday meal.
The stroke paralyzed the left side. The
physicians who were called offered from,
the outset bare hope for recovery. The
patient's physique was against him, for
he was very large and portly, a striking 1
figure for many years on Oakland' 3
streets.
The announcement of the unexpected
death of the well-known pioneer was a
startling shock to hundreds of citizens
who had been the companions for many
years of Mr. Carleton. His life was In
delibly connected with the growth of O&k
land. He established and developed the*
present excellent police and fire telephone
system of the city, the service being rec
ognized as one of the most thorough and
complete in the United States. For a
quarter of a century it had been his pe
culiar hobby and all of his efforts were*
centered in perfecting the department.
He also had supervision and control over
the electric lighting of the city, and the
excellent system he devised, with the co
operation of John A. Britton of the Oak
land Gas Light and Heat Company, Is one
of ; the best monuments to hia marked
fidelity to duty.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— To-day's session of the
Society of Mechanical Engineers was devoted
to reading papera on scientific subjects. • ■
if Mellin's Food
£g? babies have pink
fcf cheeks, bright eyes,
£ sound teeth, strong
limbs .and firm flesh.
Send to the Mellin's
Food Company, %
Boston, Mass, for A
a free sample of iff
Mellin's Food. Jp
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MOBMON BISHOP'S FILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of tha
Mormon Church - and their
followers. Positively ear* the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects . of self -
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Car* Lost
Manhood. Impotency, .Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia Palas in Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *> g J vous Twitching ot
Eyelids, Effects aro iTjr,J-r«« lmme<Uate, im-
part vigor and pote *»*"■ * ncy to every f uno
tion. Don't Bet despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate-
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; • for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. U
and 40 Third st. ■
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
*HUSEUH OF ANATOMY?
i. tad 10SI K«ZK SI. tat BAITS. S.I.C1L k
\ • IJr The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m mi J<_i _ World. Weaknesses or any contracted 6
» ySaSau disease p— UWcly c»y*hy the oldea T
C ff£* Si I b P eai; ' st on lh = Coast Ejl 36 years. Q
A j^g| DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
\ I vBm^h Consultation free and strictly print:. \
0 i Jt£«tfl Tf"'. 1 ""* personally or by letter. A a
T S ff >vl M Patitivt Cure in every case undertaken. W
iflff ][} Writ«forBoo'<.FBILO<«OrnY*ri
V* J jM aiAHRiAGE. MAILED FKE& (Af
Jk <i }\r valuable book for mra) . \
f DK. JORDAN ACO^051MarketSt..S. F. W
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 13SL . Con-
sultation and privata boofc
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO* CAh.
910
bAX FRAJVCISCO CALL. |
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco J
Call, corner of Market an-i Thin! struts; open, j
un'i! 12 c" clock rvery nislit in the year. i
BRANCH OFFICf-S— -27 Montgomery street,
corner. Clay; open urtll ?:3C p. m.1 ., •,
S00 Haye« street: oi*?n until fl:.*0 p. m . j
639 McAiliij-er pf.t-et; oj>en until 9.30 p. ra.
SIS l.eihin street: open until i«:20 p. — .
1S4I Mission street; open until 10 p. m. \
22il Market rtreet. .corner Sixteenth: cren i
urtil <t p. :n. 1
If* deven-h rtr*et epen ur.tH 0 p. m. ■ ' |
30M. ValrtiCla street open until. 9 p. m. j
Northwest ccrr.er Twenty-second and Ken- ,
tiicky streets: «ii>en until ? p. OT. •■'!
2200 FJllmorc. ttreet: open until 9 p. m. - |
— »— — — ■— — — — ■! ■ _ ;
HBBTIKG .\OTIC_S. j
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. _*^ )
T., No. S Poet St.— Regular assembly "SBf* ;
THIS CKRIDAY) EVENING, at <:3l JO ,
o'clock. All fraters ccrdially invited. i
By order or the commander. • -",_; '
HIRAM T. .GRAVES, Recorder. :
HALL of Crockett Lodge No. 13P, F. a j
and A. M.— Officer* and membeis ar? ytf\m j
Sealed 5 "rothcr"" 1 LOUIS^TIMMER- j
MANN, late of Trinity Lodge No. -'• r al j
Weaverville. THIS DAY. D**- i>. from Ma- {
«>nic Temple, at 1:30 p. m. Funeral commit- ;
tees will please tak^gl^jB^ order of^ne ,
CROCKETT Lodce No. 139.' F. and A. m '
M— D. 3 THIS Doc. 6. at 7 p. m. By _,#*_ !
order of the W. M. 7W\ '
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /V> j
KAN FRANCISCO _>>nt No. IS. K.' ____ '!
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) i»3£Em ; !
EVENING it 8 o'clock. Pioneer tf^<3\i_ I
Hall. 24 Fourth Ft. t&_i__r i
k. n. captlts. \3_x3r I
Record Keeper. , ~—— 1
l'.UGl'LAR meetiPC of the Cale- »*»•*-
.Ionian Club FRIDAY EVENING. 3, Cflttf
Dec. 6; tickets for t!ie annual ban- ""SXX—*
<iue'. will be distributed; Scottish ~w~»
Hall. 117 Larkin «t. J
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief. j
JAS H. DUNCAN. Sec. |
OHIO Society of CiMforriia— The regular month- i
ly meeting will be held In Balboa Hall. N. S. 5
O. W. building. 414 Mason St.. FRIDAY. De- '
cr-mlier 6. at S o'clock p. m. Take the ele- J
vator. 1/DUIS P. McCARTT, i &*_ ta - r y_ '
PAA.UHAUV£UGAB PLANTATION CO.. office {
227 Market ?t.. San Francisco. Nov. 2U, 1901: t
Annual meeting— The annual meeting of the t
: tockholders of the Paauhau Sugar Planta- I
tu-11 Company will be held at the office of the f
I'nmpany, 327 Market et.. in the city and ,
. r-unty of San Francisco. State of California, ,
«-ti SATURDAY, the 7th day of December. J
V01. at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the t
purpose at electing a board of directors to [
fene for tho ensuing year, and for the pur- f
pose of amending paragraph I cf article XIII [
• if the by-laws of the company relating to I
the annual meeting of stockholders, and for
m) other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Nov.
'6. 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m. By order of the
president. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
NOTICE to stockholders of Honolulu Planta-
tion Company— Notice is hereby given that in
pursuance of a resolution of the Hoard of
Directors, of the Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, duly adopted at a meeting of said
l-oarif held on the 2Cth day of November. A.
D. 190L a Fpecial .meetinr of the stockhold-
ers of the Honolulu Plantation Company will
be held on MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu-
ary. A. D. 19C2. at the hour of . 11 o'clock
s. m. of that day. at the office of the corpo-
ration. No. 227 Market St.. In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
the (line beinz the principal place of busi-
" ness and the office of said corporation, an-i
the huildinc where the Board cf Directors
usually meet, for the purpose of considering |
and sctinc upon a proposition to create a j
bonded Indebtedness of said corporation to I
the amount of one million two hundred and J
fifty thousand <1. 250.000) dollars, to the end 1
«nd fcr the purpose of providing means and !
raisinz nioneys to pay the exiatlns: Indebted- j
r.efs cf said corporation and the indebtedness I
incurred nnd to bs incurred In the develop- j'
merit of its properties and the construction j
and comnl?tion of its works and improve- j
ments. the purchase or machinery and the J
aorjuipitioii "f such other property as may j
be within the purprsn and objects of said |
rorpnnition. Dated San Francisco. November j
20. 1DT1. H. W. THOMAS. |
Fprr»t.iry of Honolulu Plantation Company.
AGBVTS WA.VTED.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
1CG7 Market St., room t
GOOD steady a^ent: to rieht man will pay sal-
ary and commission. BROWN. 41S Larkin st.
R~LIABLK arents wanted. J. A. HOFF-
MANN. 1219 Bush st. .
AFPHAlJTtrN HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal 11S6 Mission: teL Folsom 2477. }
CfjY ASPHALTUM CO.. 6S2 Market St.— Roofs.
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evening? by appointment; phone John 3181.
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorces private: bankruptcy ;col-
le'ction?: attachments; mortgages; bills of sale: J
rartnerthi;*: deeds ; wills drawn ;fees low;open i
eve's. THURSTOX. 100S 1 ,* Mkt.. r. 4, opp. Cth. j
ADVICE free: divorce law specialty: private: '
office open evenings; moderate fee if euccess-
fal. HIGH C. GRANT. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 327 Market Ft., opp. llason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar- '
krt Et.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIICVCi._«— I'or Sale or Exchanxe.
GOOD eecond-hand bicycles for Eale,~$5 up-
send for bargain list. LEAVITT _ BILL
S09 Larkin st.
BOARDIAG FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for not under 3 years; private
family. 4106 Twentieth st.
BOOKS — NEW MD OLD.
B 2°-£wT Cf evFry kln(1 fcousht- Tel. Red~"295«T
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission Bt.
ntUEAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
price*. Factory and salesroom. E26 Howard.
_ LSiAHSS C__&C_S. j
A— $2500; LEADING country hotel «f~30 roomti
dining and billiard parlors; barroom clears
all expenses and more; rent $75; !> year*'
lease; a eplendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
2t\t Kearny st.
A— $900; SALOON, including 8 furnished rooms;
a. eplendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat: rare chance for any one. C_l
It. G. WILKE. 26'^ Kearny st.
A— $1500; BAKERY, including stock; rf/nt $40;
living rooms; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished yeare; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause ot sale. See R. G. WILKE.
—M: Kearny st.
A— $2OC0; HAIR store with manicure parlors
clearing at least .$200 per month; location close
to Chronicle bldg.; place estab. 10 years; on!y
best class of customers. Call R. G. WILKS
S6vt Kearr.y St.
A— tSCO: HALF interest in one of the best pay-
ing saloouB on Pacific «t.. near Montgomery-
or mil sell whole place for $600; partners
don't agree. It. C. WILKE. 26'j Kearny st.
A— $C00; SALOON on Sansome St.; rent $25- very
choicest location and a good paying business
_For_partlcularE, R. G. WILKE, 2Gi4 Kearny!
A— JvCO; CHOP and oyRter house; only 1 block
of The Call building; bargain. Call R G
WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
A-$400: COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth st.. about 1 block from Market- rent
S30; a good paying business. Call R G
WILKE. 26^ Keamv et.
A— $H5C0; SALOON, about 4 doors from Call
building; if you mean business I give you car-
jticulars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Keamy st.
WE have all kinds of business chances— If you
wart to buy. eomo and see our list; we can
suit you; Kellers do well to list their property
with us; wo can find a buyer quick MILES
_ CO.. S2T Market et.. room 208.
FOU SALE— 30-foot eloop. first-class condition-
new Kails: rauet be sold this week; price fi"b
MILES _ CO.. 927 Market St.. room 208.
A -MERCHANTS. ATTENTION: '. \ .
i)o you want to *ell your business, or dp you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
van i»e!l your business or secure a partner
•juickly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO
Rooms 3 and 4. 1104 Market st.. cor. Mason. !
irnNBERG CO.. 75» Market st.
Phone Black 5451.
Buys and sellnTtal estate, furniture, lodging-
bouses, restaurant*, business chances of all
kinds. Plume caJls promptly attended.
$£".»-PARTN.J5R wanted in the manufacturing
fcusinet* ; clears tl(*> to $150 per month to each
runner. Call 930 Market St.. room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a
fine business: roust be sold; price $450; can
and investigate. Room 14, 935 Market st.
JIcBRIDE ~ CO.. 765 Market st. '•
If vou want to 5>uy or sell business, call at
our office, room 2: s « our large list of dif-
ferent chances; a friendly inquiry costs noth-
_2_L ____- -^
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bid*.
Long list of businesses for gale: please call.
A— FOR - clr.ar stands that actually make
t n-.one>-. i-ec C. L. HEDGES. 461-2 Parrott big.
A— CAUTION: don't buy,_ny business before
procuring Buyers' Guide; $1. 462 Parrott big.
FOR Sale— Saloon: good location.- Apply 614
&_TnmrnU> su. room 2. . .
\_\VE buy sell or exchange business of any
■ kind. -STKAND & CO.. 2W Kearny st. ' . ■ .
A-MC0: RH-STACRAXT near Kearny M.;
o':e34-s J1SU mo. BTRAXP ?& iCOattOS } Kearny^
A-_S6:\ JBRANCH bakery nn6 variety store; 3
rooms: rent $15. STilAND
"i_C! r <r PARTNER commission business: will
clear S75 ir.o. oatb. -STRAND &£°^-_ 2 |?_l£"J;-
r6R~saie-Half interest fin Job printing ' and
newspaper business, or will sell job depart-
mrnt entire; poet', chunce for good live Job
printer Address box £16, Sati Jose, Cal. .
ACTIVE dry cccl? salesman wlth-11000 or more
can secure" gooil investment and position with
rifiic l'ous=e. Address O. STEWART. 27 Mar-
ktt st.. Sa:: Francisco. /
53C0— CIGARS, stationery and notions: good bus-
iness location; transfer point. Waiting room
Twenty-third-ave. Matiou. East Oakland.
WANTED— A hardware store in city of 10O0 to
i 50C«> inhabitants: cash sale. Address box W.
Auburn. Cal.
FOR Kale— A good planing mill in a lumber
yard, located In a growing town. Address
P. O. !>ox K3. Healdsburg. Cal.
SO000— SALOON for gale, in the best business
part of Napa. For particulars address P. O.
box $2. Napa. Cal.
FOR sale— Downtown saloon. Albany Brewery.
Sth and Harrison, 10-12 o'clock; cheap rent.
A" CITY front luch house and saloon for sale.
Apply C29 DavUsL
CANDY store and Icecream parlor: $250; 3 large
living rooms. 1S21 Devlsadero st. !
SALOON for sale, oppesite the ferry. Apply
111 East et.. north of Market. |
J1000— A GROCERY business in residence part j
of San Jose. Address A. Call office. San Jose.
RESTAURANT; good place man and wife: ex-
penses low; low rent. Box 2443. Call office.
LOUGIAG-HUUSiES FOH SAMJ. j
54-ROOM corner house $4000
10 rooms on Eddy st .}.■■■ S50
15 rooms on Third st :.«. UoO
•M rooms. 2 fronts; clears $200 1600
. S3 rooms: best in the city 2000
«>0 rooms: sure to clear $J00 3600
CALL FOK MY LIST OF BARGAINS IN
LODGING-HOUSES.
From 6 to tou rooms; prices from $100 to
$25,000.
CALL FOR MY LIST ■ OF BOARDING-
HOUSES.
..From S to 350 rooms; prices $75 to $40,000..
CALL FOK MY LIST OF HOTELS
..From 20 to S00 rooms; prices $400 to $50,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF FLATS AND
PRIVATE HOMES.
....From 4 to la rooms; prices $200 to $2000 —
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAY-
• MENTS. j
CALL IF YOU WANT A LOAN
CALL IF YOU WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
. . REAL ESTATE.
........CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUT........
Sell or exchange any kind of property....
....I CAN SUIT YOU
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY^
850 Market Kt Tel. Davis 281.
OUR OWN BARGAINS.
NEVER BEFORE ON THE MARKET.
CASH $700.
16-room flat. new. modern and well furnished;
best location; housekeeping.
CASH $4000.
S5 rooms, family hotel, every room occupied,
elevator, modern improvements.
CASH $2000.
- 40-room select boarding house, centrally lo-
cated, doing good business.
CASH $1500.
18-room rooming and boarding house, best lo-
cation, cheap rent.
CASH $1500.
52-room worklngman's hotel, dining-room,
barber shop; reading-room on ground floor; new
plumbing, gas fitting, papering and painting
throughout; new bathtubs and toilets on every
floor; lease.
ROOMING HOUSES. HOTELS. FURNISHED
FLATS IN ANY PART OF THE CITY AT
LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY
PAYMENTS.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms: bargain; $50 cash, bal. payments $150
22 rooms: income J200: elegant: bargain.. 1500
8 rooms: well furnished 400 I
S3 rooms: grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
16 rooms; corner, part cash 100O
28 rooms; clears $60: payments 40C
99 rooms: grand corner: clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms: respectable: clears $90 1500
20 rooms: good location: money maker... 750-
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Marktt st.
A. CAMERON & Co]
850 Market st. and S Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Buch 328.
£ee our list of bargains.
6 r-: modern flat; Van Ness: new $350
14 r.; rent $45: residence; good fur.; piano. 900
34 r.; good cor.; fur., carp.: low rent.. 2700 j
f»3 r.; cor. apart.; tctal expense per mo. 175
n r. ; rent low; good house every way 2150 i
24 r.; rent $65; Al loc: reduced to 1000
23 r.: offices: rent $110: els. $200; Investigate
14 r-: rent $40; trans, loc.: clears $100 1300
7 r. : rent $45: modem fiat: leaving city.. 375
..A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
Money loaned, lodeirg-houses or real estate.
I HAVE 516 HOUSES FOR SALE.
10 r. : rent $32; respectable % cash; cent.. $300
18 r. ; sunny side; nice-looking building;
' all light rooms; locked door; clears $75.. 650
26 r. : sunny *ide; clean: clears $95 month. 1800
34 r.; rent $100; well furnished; fine bus.. 2200
46 r. ; Sutter; first class: clears $2400 year. 4200
75 r. ; Sutter St.; fashionable family hotel. 9000
FOR Sale — At Sacramento. Cal.. a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, rea'ding-room. dining-room,
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers: located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars in- ;
<iulre of W. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325 J St..
Sacramento. Cal. . .
M. E. RIVES, 916 Market; phone Main 128.
14 rooms; nice private boarding-house $85*)
18 rooms; sunny bay-windows; good buy. 13flO '
25 rooms (worth $2000): rent only $100 14T0
46 rooms: low rent; part cash; bargain... 4000
BUYERS — Before buying a house go to
j*2. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st.. opp. Mason.
He can suit you in houses and prices.
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of references
and 6 years' experience in San Francisco,
wants lodging-house to manage; either salary
or per cent of profits. Box 2524. Call office.
A — NOTICE^ — We have rooming-houses, all sizes '
Rnd prices. In all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE, the finest location in this
city: 15 rooms; turn people away every night:
$450 cash; $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave.
9-ROOM lodging-house, comclete. for sale.
242 Sixth St.
23 ROOMS: clears $S0 a month: good location.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS ASSN.. 865% Mkt
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— A profitable lodging-house; 19
rooms; cheap. 12 and 14^ Steuart st. !
SPIRITUALISM.
X-^MRs7~DR. FA^?HAM.^plr7uiaT~medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market st.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue.. Frl.. Sun., 8 p. m., 50c. 1CS4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2, 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth fit.; satisfactory
readings, 60c, $1; circle every night. 10c' ,
ETHEL HODGE CRINDLE, materializing se-
ance Friday evening. 50c. 325 Ellis st. J
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, also Sun.;
best tests. 10c; readings. 50c, $1. 132 Sixth.
DON'T forget the Sunflower Minstrels and
dance to-night. Occidental Hall. 300 Larkin.
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th, nr.
Guerrero: readings by mail; sittings dally.
BROCKWAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday, Thurs-
day. 25c. 8:15 p. m.; readings daily. ,1052 Ellis.
MME. THYES, 148 6th St.— Test circle to-night,
only 10c; 8:15. private readings.
MME. DU PREE. 118% Ellis, r. 4-Card rek~i-
lng lessons given; cards marked for reading.
EDWARD EARLE7 228 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all tcvnlght. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME~MT__RNARDi ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the tu-<
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in ltfe, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will >be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; isatisf action guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. - ~~
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.: readings by mall.
LADIES. 50c; clairvoyant, scientific palmist
card reader, tells you how to be successful
In undertakings and all things pertaining to
lUe. Prof. Weller. 1C07V6 Market St., nr. 6th.
BROOKS. 12C6 Market— Suite 34 and 35; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
Ings, $1 & $2; readings by mall; satiefac. guar.
THE SAN FKAXCISOO CALL, FRIDAY, bgECEM
| riAlRVOYA\TS rv.-*I--~.l.
j _jct^TaordinaryT~^ extraordinary!
i CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST. "
j . '^CLAIRVOYANT-PALMIST.'-. -"..--*'
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil, London. '
' AS A TEST IN THE READING WILL TELL
YOUR NAME. AGE. OCCUPATION. WHOM-
AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY. O
BUSINESS. LOVE. MARRIAGE. . T"T
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies: gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior,
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 dally; 10 to 5 Sun-
days.
Reception rooms. 13. 14. first floor.
1104— MARKET .. STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand s.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
. medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor.- Golden Gate ave.. rooms 2a' and
2(i- take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: 'send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday..
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader? born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; lsd'e* 50?,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
' palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 0 p.,m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE. 226A Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly: gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything: read-
ings. £>0c. SI; hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth.
CARD reading, palmistry included. 25c; ladies
only. 289 Fell st. '
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th: German spoken: tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. R Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 31f. O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader: palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25e. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLSANINC;
WHEN you become disgusted with poor v/ork
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.: steam cleaning, 3c: laying; j
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission, j
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 2512.
ADVANCE Carpet-cIeaninK Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. ! r 03 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and P.eno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns cured
painless) uo knife. Dr. Brown, graduated chi-
ropodist. Indorsed by med. prof'n. 304 Stocktor.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency; 6th
"floor: 916 Market St.: advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able bddy of attorneys.
. ______
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market st., Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1: gold, and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class j^ork only and guarantee IK
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and' guaranteed; lady, attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates cJr specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. : Sundays.
9 to 2. J. XV. THATCHER. D.D.. S., Manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5. full set;' all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Tcrlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentis_. 869 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. a
YOUNG, 1841 PoU st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815?i Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction, 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1133.
DR H. G. TOUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
: DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AMD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. '.
HEALD'S S«^X^F^__cTrICA_^_NgT
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue fre«.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
.Jng, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters: positions secured: cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
F.chool for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
. Stanford professor. Phelan building:.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourtad-
3 vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methds; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1£64. Van ,
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and th« ,
Gregg 1 shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A— Miss Bolte's School, .2734 Pine St.; board;
_ng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth it.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. ■ 125 Mason st -
Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected. -
SPANISH taught: correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. H. GARCIA. 704 Sacramento st.
FIGURES— Nothing, like it for rapidity. $5.
TARR. 220 Parrott bldg.. gives particulars.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary St.;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINOTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free..
i ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo, 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house cleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice
George Kinochlta, 1233 Page St.; tel. Fell 8501,
br*ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chtnese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. : GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135. ,;
1 JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
• reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516. .*
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, ChU
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 6072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-'
i flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5182.
' EMPLOYMENT XV ANTED— FEMALE.
A REFINED, educated and bright ' woman, 30
years of age. with experience In nursing and
housekeeping • possessed of health, strength
. and tact, desires respectable, remunerative'
employment. /Address MRS. B. A., box 163S.
Call of lice.
COMPETENT cook for institution or hospital;
best : references.- MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Pow-
ell; telephone Main 5332. ,' : " ' "
A COMPETENT woman wishes situation; good-
cook and laundress; wages $25 to S30. Box
255S, Call office. ,----■
DRESSMAKER, first-class; perfect fitter; lat-
est styles; gowns renovated; $150 per day in
families. Address J. P.. 1110 Larkin st.
GOOD neat German woman wants work J as
housekeeper tor widower or bachelor; good
: cook. 9S9 Howard St., room 32. ______
t DANISH girls wish positions in the same
house; either country or"in Alameda or San
Rafael. 'Box 2593. Call. r .
DRESSMAKER of experience would like more
engagements by. day: can give reference.
Call or address 403 McAllister st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants general house-
work from 8 until 2 »very day. 19% . Steven-
son ave., off Valencia St., near Market.
RELIABLE woman- will assist In housework;
good plain cook. Call or address K. A.
* LYNCH, 7 Van Ness ave. '
A LADY wishes a position as housekeeper In
■ city. Address box 25i>7. Call.
GERMAN woman vants work by the day
washing or housecleanlng. 158 Eutter St.
A GERMAN woman wishes washing or clean-
sing by the day. Call 519 Bush st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
sews 65c a day. M. E., box 2595, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wants position; chamber
work or office cleaning- 317 Minna St. . - -
GERMAN girl, upstairs work or children. I 10
Church lane, bet. Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants" position.
31 Fulton*- st. bet. Larkin and Polk.
A LADY of 10 years' experience wishes position
as housekeeper for first-class rooming house
or hotel by January 1 in exchange for rooms
and board; best references. Box 2518, Call.
LADY would like a position as companion to
an elderly or invalid lady, or would be will-
ing to be housekeeper for an elderly couple;
reference. Box 1509. Call office.
YOUNG woman with a child would like posi-
tion .as housekeeper for respectable person.
Box 2563. Call office.
'A YOUNG lady stenographer wishes a posl-
tlon; references. Box 2576, Call office.' •
A SWISS girl wishes situation in small Amer- |
lean family; wages $20. Box 25S0, Call.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 230H Third st. ' /
A WOMAN wishes chamber work or wash ■
dishes in hotel in city; reference. 917 Market.
WINCHESTER House, 44. Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable: free
bus and baggage to anJ from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
WAXTED—3IALB.
COACHMAN, formerly from near Newport,
R. I., American, married, of neat appear-
ance, positively sober, no bad habits; first-
class driver; thoroughly understands the feed-
ing and ■ conditioning; of fine horses; knows
how they should be shod to keep them sounl
and have good action; can ride and gait fine
saddlers; care of harness, saddles, bridles,
steel bits and chains; can use composition
and different saddle and harness dressings;
Eastern and California references. Address
boac 25S1. Call! . . ■
COMPETENT vlneyardist and orchardist, with
long practical California experience • in prun-
ing, wlnemaking and all branches pertaining
to the Industry, wishes position as foreman or .
general manager; good references. For In-
formation apply to room 23, third floor,
-Crocker building.
COACHMAN': thoroughly understands all !
about horses, harness and carriages; good
driver: acquainted in city and best of ref-
erences; a youns man; thoroughly under-
stands proper care and treatment of horses.
Address box 2556, (_\U.
WANTED — Position as assistant job composl-
| tor by youns man. 21 years of age, 6 years
experience in printing shop. 1 year on job
I work; moderate waces. Address C. D. ED-
WARDS, city general delivery.
WANTING trustworthy man for holidays or
permanently? I'm all right for cashier, col-
; lector, floorwalker or (In some -lines) sales-
man; no charue for Interview. Box 2588. Call.
YOUNG man about 30, not afraid to work,
•wishes position to do any honorable Indoor
work; small salary at first no object; bond
if necessary. Box 2561, Call.
CHRISTIAN young man of 26, with general
mercantile exDerlence. as collector, office
assistant or anything else; will furnish bond.
Address box 2585. Call. ■ -
GARDENER or assistant gardener wants sit-
uation: understands horses; good with tools.
G. B.. box 2590. CalK^
FIRST-CLASS waiter wants steady or dinner
Job. Box 25S6. Call.
JOB printer, good, desires situation to work 3
days weekly. F1DELIS. 212 Third st.
POSITION wanted by reliable man: thoroughly
understands the care of horses; careful driver:
milk; care of garden; generally useful; good i
references. P. S. , 21& Harrison y ave., off
Kolsom Bt.
WANTED— By competent and trustworthy man
(married) to take charge of vineyard or ranch;
references. Address 386 Forty-fifth St., West
Oakland.
YOUNG hotel man wants position as clerk, bus
driver, porter, etc.; steady position more than
large wages; country preferred. Box 2364/
Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man, German, with experience In
butcher business, wishes position. Address
box 2570. Call office. -
RELIABLE young man wants situation as man
about place; handy with horses. Box 2555,
Call office.
GERMAN, steady, sober man. desires situation
porter or lunch man; do little" cooking. K.
L., 3G1 Jessie st.
A GOOD second or short order cook desires sit-
uation; city or country. Box 2574, Call office.
WANTED— By an elderly, reliable man, em-
ployment; small wages. Address box 2489. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ■•
EXCHANGE.
WATCH, cood condltiop, in exchange for ham-
merless Smith & Wesson, 421 Powell; GEB-
HARDT.
FINANCIAL.
PA^DTirj^Coa^r^^derwriting^C^
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
■ AND INVESTMENT CO.. 826 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada, one year for $1,
postage paid. - -
=
FLATS TO LE'IV ■ "^
A— FOR sale— The furniture of an 8-room mod-
ern flat; everything choice and new; rent rea-
sonable. Call 1020 Ellis St.; phone East 288.
A— SUNNY 4 rooms; warm belt. 39 Julian ave.,
bet. 14th and 15th. Mission and Valencia sts.
WALLER, 1708, near Park— Sunny up'per flat, 3
rooms. $11; ' Inclosed porch; gas; mantels.
VALENCIA, B49, bet. 16th ami 17th— $17 50;
cheapest flat in city; 5 sunny rooms, bath.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
. United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ■
FLATS \VANTED.
REFERENCE; couple wanted to rent a new
furnished flat 3 rooms & bath; $18. 1614 Jones.
A NEW and neatly furnished flat of 3 or 4
rooms, north of Market. Box 2566, Call office.
' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 60, with No. 7
• range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
5 ROQMS furniture, for. sale; must be sold. 524
Eighth St.. Oakland; call from 10 to 2 dally.
FURNITURE WANTED. » 'j
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
, 1710 Market St.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT,- 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st.; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 , before - selling furniture; car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent . to . any address In the
Doited States or Canada one year for $1.
I GLOVES.
j CHRISTMAS present— D^inic^ie^^ove^order:
I factory, price guar.; kept in repair. 121 Grant.
! HELl* WANTED — KK.UALE.
I ATC K HANSEN & T CO.'S. .....104 Geary st.
j Is. the place to obtain a position if. you ajre
• looking, for It. either for hote! or family
j work; call and see. them. At C. R. HAN-
| SEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary st. - • -
I A— HOUSEGIRL", $25; nursegirl, 52o| same
j house. German or Scandinavian girl, see lady
I here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AN American nurse to take care 3 children;
references; $20. C. R. "■ HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. < '
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
8 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20 and
$25; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 chamber-
maids, south, $20 ;„ woman cook, few board-
, ers, . $40. , « ■
S FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German cook, no washing, $30; cook Ameri-
can family, no .washing, $30; nurse, grown
children. $25, see lady here; many other choice
places. MRS. M. E.DAY _ CO.. 335 Geary.
WANTED— 4 cooks, no washing, $30. $35; 4 sec-
ond girls. $20, $25; woman and child, country,
■see party here, $20; restaurant waitress. $S;
4 hotel waitresses. $20; kitchen helper, private
boarding-house, $20; 4 girls for housework:
' Alameda. $20. $25; 50 girls for all kinds of
housework, city and country; call early. J.
F. CROSETT _ CO.. 33i Sutter St.
.WANTED— Experienced lady cashiers. Apply
superintendent The Emporium.
WANTED— GIRLS and WOMEN to learn hair-
dressing, manicuring/electrical face massage,
shampooing, dyeing and bleaching, etc.; full
course, 3 weeks; tuition $1 per week; positions
positively guaranteed: 4 gcod positions in fine
stores now open to those entering immedi-
ately. S. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE,
first and only school of the kind on Pacific
Coast; all others are imitators. S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE. 233 Geary, rooms 13.15.
WANTED— A young lady who Is an experi-
enced wrapper and a young lady who is an
experienced cashier. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m., at HALE BROS' .
GIRLS! California Halrdressing College. WV
teach the 20th century profession for women-
all branches taught, including the hydrovacu
and Pack-Pague treatments; latest methods;
special rates; visitors welcome. Supreme
Court bldg., 305 Larkin St.; take elevator.
GOOD power sewing machine -operators on
awnings and tents or one that has worked in
overall factory; none but experienced need
apply. F. THOMS. 1139 Mission st.
WANTED— 2 or 3 young ladies quick at figures
and experienced In office work. Apply at ID
O'Farrell st.. between 9 and 12 m.
WANTED— M>ldle-aged woman for general
housework In country; no objection to child.
933 Howard st.
GIRLS 16 years. CARSON GLOVE CO 35
Market st.
WAITRESS wanted at 1191 Market st.
GOOD hands on vests; also buttonhole maker.
641% Stevenson st.- .
WANTED— A young talloress to work on coats.
246 Sutter at., room 17.
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard St.,
between Twenty-sec»nd and Twenty-third.
WANTED— Saleslady for jewelry. Apply
Baldwin Jewelry Co., 846 Market St.
YOUNG woman to wash silver and glasses in
restaurant- ■ 725 Market st.
WANTED— Badly freckled young or middle-
aged woman of otherwise respectable ap-
pearance to act as demonstrator at these
parlors after free treatment; srood wages;
; pleasant position. Room 52, Columbian bldg.
(opposite Emporium).
WHOLESALE house desires the services of a
woman not under 25 who Is accurate *nd trust.
worthy; permanent position. Box 2577. Call.
A GOOD reliable woma'n wanted at 1114 Ten-
nessee St., to do general housework and mind
one child; 4 In family; wages $15 or $20.
SMALL girl, 13 to 15 years of age, for light
housework; wages $7.- 264 San Carlos ave.,
off Twentieth, near Mission.
GIRLS, be independent: entire course in halr-
dressing; 3 weeks. $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis St., ground floor.
WANTED— Housekeeper for family of three.
Box 2559, Call office. -
WAITRESS wanted— Experienced only. 20
Third st. ■
GIRL wanted for general housework. 791 Mc-
Allister St., near Octavia.
YOUNG woman, chambermaid and wait table.
Laclede House. 1116 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Girl to assist In light housework;
wages $10. Apply 1130 Fulton st.
APPRENTICE; highi.class dressmaker; also
chore girls. 1523 Bush st. ■ .
B0 MORE silk waist hands; highest wages paid.
JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an: subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. 1
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
Phone Main 5848 '.
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Office Open 7 A. M
Carriage trimmer, country shop $3 day
Furnace man for mine _ $65
3 stablemen; stableman's helper: 5 plow team-
sters, $30; 15 farmers; 7 milkers; cheesemaker
and milker, steady Job. $35 and found; chore-
men and chcre boys; 35 woodchoppers; 15 tie-
makers, see boss here '......:
Cook, country hotel, $40; 5 other cooks: wait-
er, $10 week; 4 waiters, city and country
jobs; boy to do porter work.
Kitchen help, dishwashers, etc
Butcher wagon work, country... $30 and found
MURRAY & READY 631-636 Clay st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay St.— Ranch
blacksmith and chores, see boss at our office,
$30 and board; 3 8-mule plow hands, see boss
• here, $26 to $30; 6-mule plow hand, $26; farm
laborer and plow, $30; farm hand, San Mateo.
$20; gardener and care horses, country, $25;
3 sand wagon teamsters, city, $2 a day; 4-
horse sand wagon teamster,- $2 25 a day; head
wine cellar man for city. /
POULTRYMAN and wife. $50; 2 farmers and
wives. $40; planerman, $2 50 day; cheese-
maker, $35 and found; teamster, $30 and
found; harness maker, $9 to $12 week; boot-
black. $10 week: cooks, waiters and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton St.— Cook, small
country hotel. $50; fry cook, $50; waiter, coun-
try, $30; stableman. $25; German gardener,
$30; waiter, $7 a week: dishwasher. $25; man I
and wife for poultry farm, $50, etc. {
A WAITER and waitress, country, $40.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Young man who Is a first-class silk
and dress goods salesman. • Apply between 8
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. .:
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
wrapper. Apply between S and 11 a. m. at
: HALE BROS.
WANTED— Steady, trustworthy man as partner
in old and well established fruit, vegetable
and candy store; best location in Oakland;
■ bargain to suitable party; $250 reauired. P.
D., 775 Washington at.. Oakland.
WANTED— Liquor man; one 'thoroughly ac-
quainted with the retail liquor trade; state
references, experience and salary expected.
Box 2589. Call.
WANTED— Reliable man .with $100 who can
write a plain hand for light Indoor work;
•will pay $65 per month; experience not neces-
sary; steady place. 765 Market st., room S.
WANTED- Experienced salesman In clothing
store; must be good stockkeeper; good wages.
| Box 2592, Call. - .'
! WANTED— City cigar salesman at once on sal-
I ary; must have cash security for samples.
Pacific Cigar Co., 40 Phelan building.
WANTED— Good gardener and nurseryman.
Inquire 3041 Baker St., Pacific Nursery, i '
ARCHITECTURAL draftsman; must be first
, class; good wages. Box 2584, Call.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
'50a up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard- st... nr. 5th.
WANTED — A handy . man to work In a small
place. Park View Restaurant. 610 Stanyan.
P0RTER wanted at barber shop, 619^4 Post st.
WANTED— Boy for jewelry store. Box 2594
Call office. •
WAITER wanted, 1224 Point Lobos ave., $5 a
week and found; Geary-st; cars.
WANTED— 6 - boys at California Barrel Com-
pany. Apply factory, cor. 22d and Illinois sts.
WANTED— Man with $50; restaurant; big snap-
no experience; $30 mo.' Brown, 1221 Market st.
WAITER wanted; do all round work. 37 Eddy
street.- . ■ ■ .. . , . v • ■,/**•
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wanted. 6
Ninth st. /
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday evening and
Sunday; wages $3 50. 2007 Mission, cor. 16th.
STEADY man with $250 cash can make $100
| month.: Apply at 209 Kearny St.. room . 1. : .
BARBERS, two • revolving, chairs /and fixtures
for sale reasonable. Inquire 213 -Sansome st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
■price: E63 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sta.
.__5££JLJ5£££!5^
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S navy; able-bodied, unmarried men or gooa
| character, between the ages of 21 and 3o: not
less than 5 feet 1 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch- able to speak and read English. For
further "information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. - .
WANTED— Experienced young man as book-
I keeper and cashier in wholesale grain busi-
: nessf must be strictly expert accountant:
I salary $75; write age. experience, references
and qualifications to box 2579. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required: tools donated : positions guaranty
catalogue . free. MOLER BARBER CO_-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. .
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to kno-
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House P^ietor. still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st .; laO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PRESSMAN to take charsre of four £!»»««
presses: steady Job: state experience and
I wages expected. Box 2564. Call office.
! THREE boys about 14 ye»» of age cigar bo-
factory. F. KORBEL & BROS., 723 Bryant.
SAILORS ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
STRONG boy for grocery store. 5904 San
Pablo ave.. Oakland.
FOR SALE— Barber shop. J chairs. Apply* 107H
Fifth 3t. - ' ■ _
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission at., bet 1st and 2d ats.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Houpe. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 70O rooms. 25c eight: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st |
HORSES AXr> WACDXS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. 11, at 11 a. m., at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer. ~_
TWO carloads fine team horses Just In: gentle
-broke and adapted to delivery wagons: excel-
lent opportunity to buy reasonable; ?<*0 to $120
th« team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth St. ■
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. 'cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for dr~
cular. G. H. UM-BSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
CORNER house. 6 sunny rooms, bath and yard.
386 San Jose ave.. corner Twenty-sixth, bet.
Valencia and Guerrero: rent very reasonable.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A yellow cocker spaniel bitch. A liberal
reward if returned to HARRY CORBETT.
64 Elllst.. or L. W. ORR. 533 Pacific St.
LOST — Bracelet; on Kearny-st. car or down
Sutter to Montgomery. 220 Bartlett; reward.
LOST— A gray parrot with red tail: $5 reward.
Return to 508 Octavia St., near Hayes.
LOST — In San Francisco Bay. near Point San
Quentin. a large net. A reward of $20 will
be paid for its return to San Quentin or in-
formation leading to its recovery by JOHN
GEORGE and ANDREW SOFICHICI.
' LEFT In hack taken at wharf 7 p. m. with bag-
gage off S. S. Chile. Dec. 3. umbrella case.
Please bring to Occidental Hotel; reward. .
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernta Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of France L. Schwab, No. 216-1531; the
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society ! of San Francisco, in the
name of Daniel Boynan, No. 203-764; the
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Scotch shepherd dog, yellow with black
trimmings to oars and tajl. Return to 219
Montgomery st. and obtain handsome re-
ward. DAVIDSON & LKIGH.
$20 REWARD — Gold hunting case watch, scal-
loped edge, name engraved. 2111 Hearst ave.,
Berkeley.
COCKER spaniel, black. . white line on breast:
tagged. * 2298 Baker st. ; receive reward.
$20 REWARD— Palace of Art, 16 Post, round
magnifying glass; broken rim; no questions.
IT Trill pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia "Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATKi.MO.MAI,. .
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mra. Hertz. 706 EUla.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st.;
tel. Bush 421.
M—DICAL.' '
DR. O'DONNELI— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieir«d.by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A — Dr. & Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin; has had 25 years' expe-
rience in midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence. 606
Guerrero, nr. 18th; takes ladles before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of motherly care;
$15; room & board, $4; infants adopted; every
case guaranteed to be restored to best of
health: advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists for female complaints; In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell St.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in confinement. 210 Eddy St.. near
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
122S Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. in. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement 1126 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable; 23 years' practice in
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 90S Market.
DR.* NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.-
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-1S7 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021 10r$
Mission st., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers shap-
ers, etc. : also good working tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers
mortisers, saws, etc. J. B. JARDINE °°0
Fremont st. ' "
ATTENTION, printers— Now on wharf, ex New
York, drum Cottrell and 4-roller. 2-revolutlon
front-delivery Campbell: rebuilt. Hadwen-
Swaln Mfg. Co.. 215 Spear st.
EXCELLENT fuel cheap; good as coal; 200 tons
apricot pits, carload lots, loose, at $1 per ton
f. o. b. Niles: less than car lots at $1 50 e'
A. ELLSWORTH. Nlles. Alameda Co.. Cal.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
SJ F^lVure 5 !^ 1 f ° r ■ X — S CWldrea! -
. : : UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, bollersy-water pipes, shafting Duile— »
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear stf'. PUUey3 '
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters.. 330 Kearny eU. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 73^ miwit
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery S £™
?t__T 1 B^x e^7! 1O CalI. rapParatUS f ° r euma "
B^_R^ n -___33gy' carrled '""^^
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand"
and launches. J. E.DOAK. 396 Mission "t."
C WlU?w ave^ nlel i>UPS f ° r 8ale che aP-~6"
E £ O Bui K i nd l3^
8 HP. boiler qiid engine. "Economizer" pattern
complete. $l?5f.c.b. H. S. White ! 516 ffS
FINE sealskin, nearly new. $S3. New Munich
pal Loan Office, 617 Washington it. iaunicl ;
| MISCELjLANEOPg— ~OK S/-K-— Coifj
A FINE counter In four parts, 60 feet Ions;'
! suitable for office, store or bar. ALEXAN-
I DER & CO.. 110 Montgomery at.
LOCOMOBILE, nearly new; will sell cheap;
owner going East. Box 2546. Call office.
THOROUGHBRED greyhound pups, male. f«.
male. $1D each; fawn, brindle. I- C. 13 Poiic.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $50. only JJJ,
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 215 California gt.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewtnjr machine; 5 drawers; oak;
complete: cheap. 1913 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st.. rm. 23.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and siiet.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission St.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ptc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANKOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A Billy goat for a boy to drive.
2707 Twgnty-flrst st.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skina. Box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and,
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Folsom 25Sfr
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
&sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom ;tel. Folsom 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAP. 1706 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN 7 MURPHY. 603 Examiner building.
. (4.500.0GO at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates
Property being held In trust
Undivided Interests in real estate
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bids. J
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit; city, Oak-
land, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance and securities; loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies; will purchase above
securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHATTAN
LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT ( PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my term* before doing business •_«— hara
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages, es-
tates, legacies, undivided interests, chattel
mtgs, etc: enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAN. 206 Kearny at., room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established fn 1363:
proper place to borrow money on diamond?,
jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loi _.
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt; tel. Blaclc 541vT
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
gt.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 13 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse. etc. ;any amount low-
est rates; private. Orrasby. 26 Montgomery st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary at. ; phone Red 1601 " * ;
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker, 327 Market at., room 613.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prlvata
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furnituie, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
■ge; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
ON salaries, N. Y. plan: indorsed paper d!s«
counted. TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bid?.
3% on furnituie and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal: no
rommis. ; confidential. Whitehead. 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister st.
ONE per cent en furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 202 Montgomery St.. r. L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it- A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome at.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Pheian big.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 3C9 Phelan bldgr.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE only piano player for people to buy la tha
Simplex, because it docs better work than
any other and with less than half the effort.
Call and hear one of these wonderful instru-
ments play. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7?9 Market St.
A BIG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only is now on at The Mauvals Muslo
Co.. 763 Market st. The verr best quality of
goods will be offered at greatly reduced
prices, as the management wish to place It
within the ability of most any one to posses*
a piano. Purchasers of presents can select
now and have the instruments kept until
ready for delivery. Payments accepted if noe
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO MAU«
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
NOW is the time to have your old piano re-
paired and fixed up. \V e have the best fa*
cilitles for such work and will make prices
very reasonable. Pianos tuned by the year.
Pianos for rent. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO.. 763 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, !s the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinrcay dealers, corner '
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor--"
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous and olde3t
American makes: easy payments: big allow-
ance for second-hand pianos; rents $2 up al-
lowed; bargains. $25 up; Steinways, $1S5;
Chlckerings. $133; 50 others; agents wanted.
217 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERi"
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square planes from $50 pp.
Second-hand organs from J25 up; new upright
pianos from $173 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'FarreH. Chickering, Mason
& Hamlln. Vos^, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'FarrtO
St.: established 185a
A SMALL Weber upright, $125: elegant walnut
cass Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
oak case: Hardman square. $45; organs. 12$
up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth St. IVER3 &
POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
EXCITING barea ins— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with- us: ordered sold to
realize advances and storage; dirt cheap (ln-
stallmenta). WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Co..
933 Market st.
Steck. Everett. Hardman. Ludwlg and other
fine pianos. The Chase & Baker piano player.
Magnificent high-grade upright piano: 3 pedals;
•sayiflce; party going East. 773 O'Farrell st.
STEINWAY upright, almost new, $200; party
must sell. Bo- 2565. Call office.
A BIO bargain— Two Weber pianos, good a#v
new. S115 and $195. 217 Geary st. ?_i
$6T,0 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 3V
217 Geary st. J
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75: Erard upright. Hornung. 21S McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
i MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton.
Splelman pianos. 308 Post st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale ch»ap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright planes for rent, 13 per
mo SCOTT-CTTRTAZ Pt^nn Co.. .'60 Haves.
OFFICES ASD STORES TO LET.
FOR rent— 2 jrood light Poors, offices and sales-
rooms. cheap. H. A. SMITH. 25 Market. 3. F.
: "oil. *
OIL tanks second-hand. In good order: all
Mt»»; "been. H. S. Wm~~ "g Ml"ion «t.
PAINTER." AM) DECOUATORJt.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Palr.t Co.. 313 Third: tel. Red K21.
1MLMI5TRY.
lJ j EROME^FOSKLLI, scientific pairnistT~515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 58^L
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain Colle»»7
reads from 1 to 4. 70O Post: nhon* Hvrl» 2Sm.
l'AT—.VAS AMD MS AS1OSS.
PKNSION advice free; general practitioner.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bid*\^ PF»USO\.U.S. . . .. !
AufiPXIC halrdrcssing, 2jc. manicuring SSc. j
ger.Ui' manicuring l>0c, by t-xperts; best hair I
".vork at reasonable prices?; baths, most ele- !
irant la city, £3e: cur specialties, sca'ii treat- 1
ir.ont and lace raassapo; Pattl .Beauty Cream j
LOc; hea-Jq-Jaiters for genuine Far.na Cologne; {
dainty Russian tea servea free to all visitens J
at the BOX-TON. CT4 Post Et. ' j
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order, '
tlo; with these euits we make an extra pair |
of pants free of charge; other suits on install- ]
inents. Jl weekly. L. LEMOS. HIT Market
tt.. between Seventh and Eighth. 1
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and 1
morphine habits. Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many i
testimonials; direction to give secretly; price '
Jo. Address 1125 Geary st.. San Francisco. \
OXE BOTTLE rf Pinus will cure any case~f i
rheumatism, rciatlca, neuralgia or sout; price •
f2 T<0 per bott'.e. For circulars, PinuF Med. j
Co., T34 Valencia st., S. F. ; tcl. Church 157L
ELECTRIC l'.ght in every room— Winchester |
Hotel. 44 Tihrd Et.. near Market: VCO rooms- ■
to tl 50 per niRht; fl 50 to JG per week;
free 'bus acd baggage to and from the ferry.
WHT Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer nnw ready. J. W. EVAN'S,
Domestic office. 1C21 Market St., near Sixth!
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental method*: electric roleau ; superflu-
ous hair removed by iCleetroJysis. Mme. Zepbey
Kia-ora, parlors 330 ygutter ; phene Black 1222.
DO you v.rito ads? Send address to-day on
your tofoPM stationery for Invaluable ln-
tcrrnaiion free. Harper Syndicate Colurabub
Ori ■ . • '
DOLLS" wigs made: hair dressing, any style,
25c: thampooiriR. 50c; rranlcuring. 25c; wlra
and switches. G. LEDEEER, 123 Stockton st.
RARE and unique presents for the holidays at
The Old Curiosity Store, 118 Geary st., NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties of every description.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN' OUTFITTING
CO.. 1C1C-1312 Stockton et., near Broadway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1118 Sutter fet.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.O.S.Mcore. S32 O'FarTell; send for circular.
Mrs. BrigRs— Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. S68 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mrkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,
tne best corn cure; 25c; a!l druggists.
ALFKEDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores pray
hair to its natural eclor; $1; at all druggists.
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tallore. 115 Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits, J7 DP; dress pants. $2~EX
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont-
OLD Bold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market st.
rtlYSlCIAAS AXD SURGEON'S.
DR. C. C. O'DOXKELL-Office and residence,
leavg llarkrt et., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor] successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
tetrrsonials at office. 115-117 Mason, r.r. Ellis.
X^Th. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
7S4-766 Clay ft. : eee testimonials at office.
FLAMNC AXD TCRXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
heal estate— city for sale.
tkomaTmageFT^soxT
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 Montgomery 8t.
Three lets that must be sold and are there-
fore offered at a sacrifice. Offers are Invited
as well:
Fillmore st., 25 by 100, for only $1600; on a
perfect level; street work all done; electric cars
passing; in business location.
Northeast cor. Dolores and Thirtieth sts.;
ZtVz by ICO; street macadamized; fine lot; $1500;
offer will be submitted to owner.
• Dolores St.. near Thirtieth, 25 by 100; last lot
left: only SSOO.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, Real Estate
Agents. S Montgomery et.
FOR sale— Three lots In Mission (San Jose ave.
and Twenty-seventh st.), $3000 for the 3; lots
at Ocean View frcm $100 to MOO; lots at Bcl-
mont, JjOO each: lots near Palo Alto at $300
each. Address box 2SSS. Call office.
CORXEIi Tork and 19th sts.— 2 flats; lot 28x91;
street work done; $3i00; cash or installments.
Particulars see Owner, 2330 Leavenworth st.
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola sts.. bet. Pierce and Stelner.
'REAL. ESTATE COUXTRY For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts, $60 to SSO per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for pam-
phlets end information.
f2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Box 222. Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELP. Petaluma. Cat
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or exchange for Alameda property;
lot 25x117:6; east line Dolores, near Twenty-
third. Address box 25£2. Call office.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: l ,i cash. Bank of Ala
OAKLAND ADYEKTISBIKXTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAAD REAL ESTATE.
jl*SO— BARGAIN; fronts right on Telegraph
ave.; neat S rooms, bath; 33x125; mortgage
$S00; must sell at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
_^. 460 and 4C2 Eighth St., Oakland.
f^.O— RIGHT down town; bargain; good. cot-
tage 7 rooms; corner lot, 50 feet; eunny and
•well located; you cannot buy a similar lot
for the money; rents $18; original cost $4iG3;
sacrifice that children may divide their sev-
eral Interests at once.
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 4C2 Eighth St., Oakland.
A DETERMINED effort to sell 2 new 8-room
hc-i.^y; eaci has a flat loan of ?3!XH) ard $0300;
location the choicest in Oakland; interior the
very latest; almost any terms; see at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., I
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY MUST SELL.
A beautiful specially constructed home near
Senator Perkins'. Piedmont; 8 rooms; elegant
interior; fine fixtures; J800 worth 6-months'
old carpets; barn; large lot, 60x240; fronts 2
streets; choicest shrubberies; a perfect home;
cost J10.000; mortgage toCOO; offered for $7250;
Immediate removal compels any reasonable
offer considered.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
CAPITALISTS INVESTIGATE! ~
J1S.500 — Big bargain in the finest business
corner In Berkeley; worth $25, COO; will be
worth $S0,0O0; will pay fire Interest. We have
a special contract.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
46S' F.nd 4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
THE best bargain yet offered In Oakland; a
nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath; large lot;
■within 14 blocks of City Hall; good location;
S12^0 for one week only; easy terms.
E. E. BUNCE.
i)C2 Broadway.
E. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland.
{3250— Something extra nice In the i-ay of
jM modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
H • d out toward Berkeley; lot £0x125; 7 rooms
«?id bath. Call and let us ehow you thin.
HOUSES of every description and price for
eale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
6UNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 ccal and 1 gas grate; large
corner let; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers- lot elevated; choice locality: will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
arc electric cars, corner Washington and
(Eighth ets., rome within 1 block. Call cr
artdrt-yg 16:,9 Ninth ave.. East Oakland. -
OAKUM) FIHMTCRE FOIl SALK.
AN Introduction to yon from H. Schellhaas the
t u r n i t ure dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.'
rtooMs run bql^skeei*inc.H. .
EUSH. 1007 (The Holland)— Just opensd; few
sunny housekeeping apartments: fur'd or un- .
fur'd; front suites. ■ $30 up; electric lights.
bath?, sas ranges and grates; phone East 667.
BUCHANAN. COt— Sunny front bay-window rm.,
with Kitchen. $15; singe and double bedroom.
ELLLS. "4:3— Elegant suite and kitchen; gas;
range; bath; modern. ' - ■' -■' - '
FIFTH. 2">S— Fui •n'.Khcl housekeeping. 2, $10; 3.
*}f; :s, 5M; ajso alngle, H up. ■
rt^T ::. 4SS— Sunny front parlor and IcHchcn for
fc*fcPK, ?2<'; basement suite, yd, laundry, * $11. ,
MINNA, 2C7— Back parlor fitted up for kitchen,
with folding bed, running water, stove, closet, i
f2 i>cr week; also Iront basement. $fi per mo. 1
irissiON; S45— 2 larce eunuy rooms furnished "j
lor housekeeping. BWK
I Mli 11 1 ■■■!! ■ 1 1 .
ROOMS j-FQn £IOVSKI\ J'.Kiri \O— Coti.
MISS1OK. 1729^. rear 12th— Two sunny fur-
_nished housekeeping rccins; bath; laundrj 1 ; B.1
OAK, 119 — 2 sunny laige parlors: furnLshsd,
heavy liousckeeplns; gas;' 2 bsds; $16.
SACRAMENTO, 1514 — Two sunny rooms, nlce-
ly lurnished; pr.vate residence; light hiking.
SIXTH." 242-1 or 2 rooms; housel:eepu-.g if de-
sired; Eunny.
TWO and 3 room suits, nicely furnished for
• nskng-. . 5ga O - Farrell and £C6 Leaven worth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fuliserimions has been tMubiished at- 1096 -,
Valenci:. tt. ■ . . '
C1.ASS1KIEU advertisements and subscriptions ;
received iit Call brancli office. 22.00 Fillmore.
KOUMS TO L.KT Fnrn. nml UnCnrD.
ARGYLE HOTEL. 231 McAllister— New, ele-
erant, sunny; 75c dav and up; special rates
wk.. month; grill; McAlIister-st. cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night: $1 23 to *5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
I BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 13G4)-Fur-
; nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
i CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
\ furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 310 — Fine nev.-ly furnished front par-
lor; sunny; reasonable.
I FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
! transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 4P5, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
6t.. near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-tt. cable cars to Ti^k st.
HOTEL FLORENCE. 192 Ellis St.— Sunny put-
■ side jroome; Finsle, $250; sujtes, $450 per
I week, newly renovated; elevator; baths. . j
HOWARD, 72S— Large room; good for house-
keeping; $12; also single front room, $7 mrfntb,
NEW ARLINGTON. 1013 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MONTGOMERY ave., 1C. top floor — New Turn,
rooms; central; reasSle; near Hail of Justice.
| O'FARKELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: clec. lights; day. week, mo.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
rea(Ting-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
JS; month, ?S to $20; elevator- on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.".
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— A sunny suite and singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; prifes low.
SUTTER, 320^ (The Stanford)-Suites from $3
to $7; singles. ?2 to $3 per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla Et. '
ROOMS AXD nOARn.
Choice can now be made of these elegant,
well-appointed apartments which have every
desired comfort and convenience; excellent
table; new and modern; location unsurpased.
•THE IRVINGDALE. C26 EddyT-Newly reno-
vated: new management; furnished rooms,
with bostd: excellent table: prices moderate.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny rooms with
board. 316 Eddy st.
PINE. 793— Large parlor suite; also single
rooms ; excellent board ; very, moderate.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished pariors;
all conveniences; other suites; table board.
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repelier. <S1 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for ?L
postage paid. ' • - - ■
ROOMS AXD BOARD WAXTED.
SUNNY suite, young married couple, with
board, bounded ' Jones. Golden Gate, Steiner
and Clay. Box 2591. Call office. |_
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— By gentleman who will be perma-
nent, two unfurnished rooms, with' morning
sun. In private family. In the. neighborhood
of Van Ness ave. M. H. M., 218 California
st.. room 7. " '
RUPTURE SAXITARIUM.
R^?n*RE^ur^a r Tr^U^TE^S~~sTNITX
RIUM. 1206 Market st. ; treatment free: only
invention in the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children in Roman Cath-
olic Orphan Asylum, since July, 1900: Emma
Breig, ape 12 years; Carrie Breig, age 8 years;
Elizth Winthrop. blz- 10 years; Grace Win-
throp, age 9 years. « .-..:•
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 3-10; tel. 6580.
A V> EEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchange; re-
pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 143 6th.
STORAGE AMI WAREHOUSES. '.
CUT rates on shipping, draying, storing. Insur-
ing furniture, etc. SMITH, 25 Market; phone
Main 1240. ' : •
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.",
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main E713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 ■ Mis*
tion st.: tel/ Howard 9>1. F.-W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture ; Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1340: shipping at cut rates.
JTYPEWHITEItS AN!> .SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTI'EWRITERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals. W. The Typewriter
Exchange. £3G California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;astima.te free. 203 Sansome.
WANTED-TO BUY.
ROOMING-HOUSE, 20 to 30 rooms por to rent^-
large unfurnished flat. M. S. Blount, 119 Jones.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. !
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company*
room 16, second floor. Mills building— San
Francisco, December 3. 1901— Dividend No. 195,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company, will be
payable at the office of said company, room
16, second floor. Mills building, on December
15, 1901; transfer books will close on Decem-
ber 9, 1901, at 3 p. m. EDWARD McGARY,
Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 36, of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal etock of the company , has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California St.. San Francisco, on December
10. 1901. Transfer books close December
3, 1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS.. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISE3IENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg. ; phone Black 3604. ■
MAEKIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . . .
William H. Richart, 30, Sacramento, • and
Alice M. Cutler, 32, Sacramento.
Ashbel H. Klttridze, 27, city, and Edna C.
Hc-aly, 20, city.
Gus L. Petersan. 24, 120 East street, and
Agnes L. Larson. 22, 120 East street. .
Giovanni Mentasti, 32, Sebastopol, and Ade-
lalde Melnerl. 19, Astl. • -■■ .■ •
EIRTHg —MARRI &GES— DEATB&
Birth, marriace and death notices Bent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
I sons authorized to have the same published.
| BORN.
FARRELL— In this city, December 2, IDOL tp
the wife of Frank M. Farrell, a son.
GOLDMETER— In this city, November 13, 1901,
to the wife of Abe Goldmeyer, a son.
JACO13I— In this city. December 5, 190L to the
wife of. Alex Jaccbi, a daughter, >
LEVY— In thin city, December 6. 180L to the
wife of -Marcus Levy (nee Brown), a son.
REINER— In this city, December L 1301, to
the wife of Captain Charles Reiner, a eon.
TRESSELT-«In this city, December 5, 1901, to
! the wife of H. E. Tresselt, a daughter.
ilABBIED. ' .
GARLAND— MALIM— In Oakland, ■ November
25. 3601. Byron H. Garland and Juliette
1 Malta.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER V 6, 1901.
died. \ ,,;y
Allyne, Jchn W. McLaughlin, Charles.
Alvarez, Flank Martin, Rebecca
Arzbatger, \\ iilie A. Pntchard, Martha
Chapman, Dr. Win. Ktaruon, Nora M.
Coli7na; Hannah: Reid, Harriett C. :.
bonoran, Annie Koesch. Gertrude
Karrtli tintant} itoss, Albert L) . ,
Fat-t, John H. A. .. bchcnwald, Franz ,
Gilhuly,. Hugh Schroder, Joseph
■ UoEimer. 5=ain A. Stern, .Joseph
Hatheway, Aldun L. btiles, John II.
Harms, Louise K. Treasure, Joseph "W.
HeEEe, Anna R. Vanderlip,' John J. "
Levy (infant) Wood. Hdward L.'
Little, George
ALLYNE— In this city, December 4, 1901, John
AVinslow Allyne, beloved husband of Mary
N. Allyne, father of Lucy H. and Edith W.
- Allyne, and brother of Mrs. Josiah Stanford,
a native of Brewster, Mass.. aged 6u years.
(□''Kuneral services to-morrow (Saturday),
at 11 o'clock, at the First Unitarian Church,
ccrner . Geary and Franklin streets. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
ALVAREZ— In the City and County Hospital,
December 5, 1901, Frank Alvarez, a native of
Mexico, aged 36 years.
ARZBERGER— In this city, December 4, 1901,
Willie A., only and beloved son of Joseph
and Martha Arzber^er, a native of San
Francisco, aged 8 years 7 months and 14 days.
(CTThe funeral will tak« place to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, trom the residence
of his Darents, S425 Sixteenth street. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery. . .
CHAPMAN— In th!s city, December 4, 1901, Dr.
"William LanK Chanman, father of Margery
Chapman, a native of New York, aged 42
years and 2 months.
ETThe 'funeral will take place Sunday
afternoon, December 8, at 2 o'clock, from the
hall of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P.
O. Elke, 223 Sutter street. Please' omit flow-
ers.
COLLINS— In this 'city, December 5,. 1901, Han-
nah, beloved wife of the late John Collins,
and mother of Mollle, Katie, Maggie and
Josie Collins, a native of Ireland. .
E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
cf the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemettry.
DONOVAN— In this city. December 5, 1&01, at
her residence. 1524 Bryant street, Annie, be-,
loved wife of Jeremiah Donovan, mot'.-er of
Daniel and William Donovan, and sister of
John. Bartholomew and Patrick Dinneen of
Colorado, a native of Garendruige, . County
Cork, Ireland, aged 47 years.
FARRELL— In this city, December 1, 1901, in-
fant son of Frank M. and -Mary C. Farrell. j
FAST— In this city, December 3, 1901, John H.
A. Fast, beloved husband of Grace M. Fast,
and father of Norman A. and Julia M. Fast,
a native of Germany, aged C2 years.
IC?"Friends and acquaintancts are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at .1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held.
GILHULY— In this city. December 5, 1901,
Hugh, father of James H., Hugh J. and
Mary E. Gilhuly, a native of Ireland, aged 67
years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 279 Clara street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at . 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
GOSLINER— In this city, December 6, 1901.
Sam -A. Gosllner, husband of Jennie Gos-
liner, and father of Mrs. H. Tolchard and
Tlllie Gosliner. a nr.tive of Rosasen, Ger-
many, aged 45 yaars.
HATHEWAY— In Vallejo, December 3, 1901,
Alden Leonard Hatheway, beloved husband
of Fanny Hatheway, father of Alden L., El-
bridce L., Noah, Valentine and Girard Hath-
eway, and brother of Mrs. Helen Irons and
Miss Bessie Hatheway of Freetown, Mass.,
a native of Freetown, Mass., aged 62 years
8 months and 17 days.
[CFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
under the au^nices of Solano Lodee No. 22?,
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic and Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
HARMS— In this city, December 4, 1901, Louise
R., dearly beloved wife of A. H. Harms, de-
voted mother of Herbert and Gustav Harms,
and daughter of the late Mrs. P. H. Rulffs,
a member of Norddeutscher Frauen Verein,
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years and
5 months.
[ETFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at .2
o'clock, from her late residence, 719 Laguna
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HESSE— In this city, December 3, 1901, Anna
R. Hesse, dearly beloved wife of Nicholas
Hesse, beloved mother of Nicholas and Myr-
tle Hesse, . daughter of Mrs. MetHa Rohe, and
sister of Mrs. Martha Rover and George
Rohe, a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years and 12 days. »
ICS'Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 3:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 5923 California street, corner of Twen-
ty-second avenue. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LEVY— In this city, December .'SCI, .infant
son of Mr. and Mrs. Marcus L
LITTLE— In .Oakland, December i, -Utl, George,
beloved son of Thomas and Mary Little, and
' brother of Rose, Raymond, Walter, Esther
and Melvin Little, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 13 yeara 6 months and 18 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence oi
the parents, 864 Sixty-first street. Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, December 4, 1901,
Charles William, beloved son of Charles and
Maggie McLauKhlin, and brother of Annie
McLbughlin, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 1 menth- and 4 days.
E?"Funeral to-day (Friday), at 11:30
o'clock, from the parents' residence, 133
Fifth street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MARTIN— Entered into rest, in this city, De-
cember 4. 1901. Rebecca, relict of the late
Judah Martin, and beloved mother of Jacob
and Rachael Martin, a native of London.
England, aged 84 years 11 months and 18
day*. ■ - , • • .■
ET'The funeral services will be held to-
day (Ifrlday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, 578 Linden avenue. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
PRITCHARD— In this city, December 5, 1901,
Martha, relict of the late James A. Pritch-
ard, a native of England, aged 61 years and
8 months.
REARDON— In Oakland, December 3, 1901, at
her residence, 1467 Curtis street, corner Twen-
tieth, via Market-street station, Nora M.,
dearly beloved daughter of the late Dennis
and Hanora Reardon. and sister of Josie,
Kate, Maggie and the late Jerry J. Reardon,
a native of San Francisco.
ETA eolemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock, to-day (Friday), at St.
Francis de Sales Church, corner Grove and
Hobart streets. Interment 'Drivate, Holy
Cross Cemetery, San Mateo County.
REID— In thle city, December 5, 1901, Harriett
. Crabtree Reid (known as Mrs. Walker), be-
loved mother of George and Edward Crab-
tree, a native of Canada, aged 83 years.
d^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temnle, . between Twenty-
fecond and Twenty-third streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ROESCH— In East Oakland. December 5, 1901,
Gertrude, beloved daughter of the late
Charles and Annie Roesch, sister of Louise
Jessie, August, \ Charles and Louis, Roeech of
'Honolulu, and granddaughter of Mrs. Ger-
trude Aren, E. O., a native • of Honolulu,
aged 4 years 8 months and 2 days.
ROSS— In this city, Albert D. Ross, beloved
son ' of Ed and the late Lottie Ross, and
dearly Deloved brother of Hazel Ross, aged
10 years 3 months and 10 days.
SCHONWALD— In this city, November 30, 1901,
Franz Schonwald. beloved husband of Ber-
tha Schonwald. and father of Franz Schon-
wald, . Mrs. John Miller and Mrs. Frank
Bliss, a nattve of Germany. ■ /
in7The funeral was held Wednesday, De-
cember 4, 1901.
SCHRODER— In this city, December 5, 1901.
Jceeph Henry, beloved husband of Llllie
Schroder, father of Harold Schroder, beloved
son of J. Henry and 1 Elizabeth Schroder, and
brother of John Schroder, a native of San
Francisco, aged 33 years 6 months a"nd 22
days.
STERN— In this city, December 5, 1901, Joseph,
beloved husband of Florence Stern, father of
Alvln Stern, and brother of Gertrude Stern
of Menlo Park, a ' natJve of Germany, aged
42 years and 8 months. • . ■ -
Zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Crema-
tion I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ... ■
STILES— In this city, December 6, 1901, John
Moore, beloved hutband of Mary L. Stilts
anl father of George R. and John H. Stiles, •
I NEW FIRM OF UINDEKTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for. 18
years: P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
HEN R Y J. GALL AGH ER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mgr.- ■ ■'■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
' Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE WC MARKET STREET.
- ' J. HENDERSON. Manager.
I JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors . at 214 Eddy st., bet.
Taylr>r and. Jones. Telephone Soutjh 676. . ,Y
jTwited^jnderKkSSI
5 27 and 20 Fifth St. Tel. South l«7 >fl
g FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND CMBALMERS.fi
s £ ; Hnett Equipment^at ,. Moderate i> Rates. « <
a r.attve of Maine, aced 85 years 11 months'
and'. 5"' 'dors. ".'■"' '■'' ' : ■ .- - .--. •
, C?"The • funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, Irom the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
street. Interment arivate, Cypress -Lawn
Cemeterr. - ■ ■ *
tfiEASUKE— In . Sierraville, :Cal., December 4,
> 1901, • Joseph AV. Treasure, . beloved brother ot
John, James and Benjamin Treasure ana
Mrs. S. Peters, a native of Pennsylvania,,
a^ed 45 years, -•■•-'* '' :
VANDERLIP— In this city, Decembep 5, 1901,
' John J., beloved husband of Annie A. Van-
derlip.- and father of Harry J. and Florence
Irene VanderliB and Mrs. James F. Ftsk. a
native of New York, aged 61 years 5 months
and 4 days. , . .
E7"R<?mains at the funeral parlors of Por-
'ter & "White, 122 Eddy street. Funeral and
intarrrent orivate. •.!
WOOD— In this city, December 4, 1901, Ed-
ward Lovett Wood, beloved husband of Edith
"Wood, father of Juanita Wood, and brotho
of Arthur R. and Jesse B. Wood and Mrs.
Dr. Georsre G. Gere, a native of New York,
aged 41 years 5 months and 9 days.
LARGE ADVANCES
IN GRAIN PRICES
Chicago Market Enj oy s
a Temporary Boom
in Cereals.
CHICAGO, Dee. 5.— "King Farmer" has
corrie to Chicago, taken the Board of
Trade by storm and sent prices of all
grains climbing above record prices. Busi
ness, to-day on 'change was' larger and
more spectacular than, it. has been for a
long . time and has rivaled the specula
tive enthusiasm that marked the days of
Hutchinson and the other giants of the
pits.
Natural conditions are back of the up
shoot in prices, but bull speculation has
been tue main incentive. The whole coun
tryside seemed to be waking up to the
ruinous shortage in the corn crop and the
feeding of wheat to stock as a conse
quence has brought buying in that cereal.
General advances have been made in
all options of wheat, corn and oats dur
ing the past several weeks, but the ar
rival of thousands of farmers and stock
men- to visit the livestock exhibition
touched, off. the fuse under all the mar
kets and sent prices booming. To-day the
floor of the board was a spectacular show.
Hundreds of the big countrymen, in fur
overcoats and cowhide boots, had the
courtesies of the exchange and -were all
eagerly "getting into the game." When
professional speculators saw the farmer
grasping opportunities they immediately
began to plunge. Added to this influence
was a flood of general buying orders from
the country, until the outside interests
practically controlled the market.
May wheat touched its record price for
the crop shortly before noon-r selling at
80% cents. Both December and May corn
broke records of the year's standing, De
cember selling at 65 cents and May at 65%
cents. It is rumored there is a corner in
oats, but trade is so large on both , sides
of the market that it is not certain. iu.ay
oats broke another record to-day at 46^4
cents.
Although the transactions on the board
continued on a' very large scale througn
out the session, prices did not hold to
their record marks at the close. It ■was
rumored that Moore Bros, had been buy
ing large quantities of wheat for the past
six weeks. George Philipps was reputed
to have secured a large line of long corn,
and James Patten, Mayor of Evanston,
was supposed to have control of- oats. At
the " high prices enormous amounts of
grain came out in all pits,, supposedly
from these operators. Prices rapidly sag
ged as a consequence, and though the
markets were yet firm, the big advances
for the day were in many cases lost!
UNITED WORKMEN WILL
ENTERTAIN MANY FRIENDS
Grand Lodge of the Order to Present
Fine Programme at Monthly
Social.
The monthly- entertainment and so
cial of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen will be given at Odd Fellows'
Hall on Wednesday evening, December 18,
under the direction of the Grand Lodge.
This will be the second of a series of en
tertainments to be given fr" the order dur»
ing the winter and Judging. from the suc
cess of the first it will draw a large
crowd. • ■
A fine programme has been prepared un
der the direction of W. W. Brackett, en
tertainment director, and several clever
amateurs will display their talents. The
programme includes the presentation of
"Sunset," a drama by Jerome K. Jerome,
with six people in the cast. In the second
part will be Corrine, the child mimic and
whistler; G. W. Baltic, a comic modeler in
clay; Cartlon brothers, Spanish rings and
trapeze; Mrs. Ed ward Burns, in soprano
selections, and G. K. Cheney, barytone.
The following committee of arrangements
has the affair in charge:
George H. Bahrs, past grand master work
man; William H. Barnes, past srand master
workman; Sam Booth, grand receiver; D. S.
Hirschberg, past grand -master workman; C.
T. Spencer, grand recorder, and Edwin Dan
forth, past grand master workman.
Workman Accidentally Shot.
Samuel Warrington, a young apprentice
in the machine shop at the Union Iron
Works, who lives at -715 Iowa street,- was
accidentally shot through the stomach on
board the steamer Spokane yesterday aft
ernoon at the company's wharf. War
rington and a companion named Allen
Lock were at work together, when the
former had occasion to go to his workbox
in search of some tools. While at the
box, a pistol, which had been in Warring
ton's possession since the strike, was ex
posed to the view of Lock, who asked
permission to examine it. While the ex
amination was going on Lock pulled the
trigger and sent a bullet into the stom
ach of his companion. The injured man
was conveyed in the ambulance to the
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. Murphy
cut the bullet out on the left side directly
over the hip joint. Warrington's condi
tion is serious.
Tivoli Plavers Come Home.
The Tivoli Comic Opera Company that
has been making an extended tour . of
the coast arrived in town this week. The
trip was a most successful one, all the
towns visited turning out well to greet
the home company. In Los Angeles it
broke : the record for the season, and the
Sacramento business was also phenom
enal. The members of the company j are
all in good health and spirits and are al
ready hard, at work preparing the new
extravaganza, "Little Red Riding Hood,"
which will be put on at the end of the
Pollard engagement.' December 16. Ferris
Hartman is responsible for the book, and
it is rumored that some of the funny ex
periences he encountered on the road will
be incorporated in it. The company has
been strengthened for the coming pro
duction, and the , management anticipates
an old-time hit. -. ■ ■ _ . .
Turner Brought Back.
Robert Turner, formerly engineer, at
W. . F. Stone's shipyards, foot of Baker
street, was brought back from Guada
loupe - by . Detective Coleman yesterday
and booked at. the City, Prison on the
warrant charging him wtih grand lar
ceny, sworn to by Albert Hanify , - cashier
at the shipyards.' \ Turner is accused of
stealing: $1050> from the office, on Satur
day, Nbvember 7. He refused to make
any I statement to Captain Seymour and
declined to say why he left the city. No
money was found upon him.
Christmas Holidays in ' Mexico.
. Southern.': Pacific special train leaves
San Francisco, December 18, Loa Angelea
December 19 , v reaching Mexico Mn time for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip San
Francisco. $80; -Los Angeles.' ?70. Person
ally conducted. : Dining , car. Pullman
sleepers.' Limit 60 days. Low side -trip
rates. Optional. itineraries. Maka reser
vations 613 Market street, San < Francisco,
261 South Spring street, Los Angeles.
Ihinphy's Trial ' Postponed.
-The trial of James W.:Dunphypn, the
charge of murdering Edward- Stariton on
October 27 'was to -have commenced J be
fore Judge : Cook -yesterday, but a con
tinuance ' was granted ;. for. a week. As
sistant District ■ Attorney Weller, -who
will conduct; the prosecution, wants 'that
much : time . in which to •. thoroughly digest
the evidence." ■
TITLE TO SITE
IS IN QUESTION
Order Vacating Streets
Alleged to Be'
* Invalid.
Budd Says Union Iron Works
Is Built on a Public
Thoroughfare.
Ex-Governor Budd, as attorney for, the
State Harbor Commissioners, has been
looking up the records of the Board of
Supervisors in the course of his prepara
tion to oppose the closing of Napa street
in the interests of the Risdon and Union
Iron works,' and he has found what he
considers errors. that invalidate the order
adopted seventeen years ago by which
certain- streets . at the site of the "Union
Iron Works were vacated. If his conten
tion be correct numerous shops of the
great shipbuilding plant are built on pub
lic streets, without even a lease to pro
tect the owners. . ■ •• '" _ •
Budd appeared before the Street Com
mittee oi the Board of Supervisors yes
terday morning and stated that thd Har
bor Commissioners desired to be heard
in opposition to the petition for the clos
ing of Napa street. He said that in 18&J
Butte street had been closed by what he
believed to have been an irregular order,
and that the Union Iron WorKs had im
mediately gobbled it up and built shop3
on it. It was probable, he said, that tno
closing of Napa street would be fol
lowed by the erection of shops on an
other oi the thoroughfares giving a
means of access, to the seawall when it
shall be built along that portion of the
water front.
The members of the Street Committee
informed the attorney that the Napa-.
street petition had been referred to the
Judiciary Committee.' Budd will appear
before that committee this afternoon at
4 o'clock. * ■ • • • •- . * '
Governor Budd explained later that the
defect which he believed he had discov
ered in the order to vacate Butte street
lay in the failure to follow the provision
of the general law which states' that a
street may not be .vacated except for the
"public welfare and convenience." The
order in question, he said, stated ' that
the closing of the street would result In
great benefit to the city and county of
Ban Francisco,- leaving the public in gen
eral out of the Question.
The resolution to which Budd refers
was adopted by the Supervisors Febru
ary 15, 1884, just before the establishment
of the shipbuilding plant of the Union
Iron Works. It vacated not only a por
tion of Butte street, but also portions of
Georgia, Michigan and Louisiana streets,
none of which were in actual use as
streets and which were necessary to the
establishment of the ship yards on that
site. The clause of the order which Budd
considers defective Is as follows:
Whereas, It is the opinion of this board that
this city and county of San Francisco will'de
rive irreat benefit from the closing of the
streets aforesaid, inasmuch as it is done with
a view to encouraging; a manufacturing in
dustry of immense magnitude, to the success
ful prosecution of which the closing of said
streets is absolutely necessary, to wit: | the
building ol/steel and iron ships, an Industry
which if fostered will tend ■ to the material
advantage and proaperity of the -city and
county, of San Francisco and of the State :of
California. ■ ; . - ;. .. . ...
! Governor Budd holds that since the
language of the statute, "public welfare
and convenience," is not followed in the
recital the streets involved - have never
been legally vacated, and that it may. be
come the duty of the Harbor Commis
sioners to demand that they be kept open
whenever the seawall at. that point be
built.
On the line of Butte street are some of
the Union Iron Works' most important
shops, including the coppersmith shop,
the blacksmith shop, a large machine
shop, the "bending" shop and the cellu
lose factory.
CALDARELLA SHOOTING
BEING INVESTIGATED
Charge of Assault to Murder Against
George Orlando Is Dis-
• . The Caldarella family feud formed the
subject for investigation by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday afternoon, when George
Orlando appeared on the charge of as
sault to murder Joe Mangini, the r victlm
of the assault. They were ' both em
ployed in a-brass foundry on Main street
and quarreled about e. stool, when Man
gini struck Orlando on tho nose, making
ft bleed. While Orlando was washing the
blocd from his face Mangini fired two
shots at him, one of the bullets striking
him on the hand. He reached for his re
volver and fired two shots at Mangini,
who took refuge' in flight. The Judge,
after hearing the testimony, dismissed the
case.
The case of Mangini, who is charged
withj assaulf to murder for shooting Or
lando, was continued till to-morrow, and
the cases of Mike and George Caldarella,
also charged ' with assault to murder* for
shooting Felipe Caldarella, their uncle,
were continued till December 10 to be set.
TO BE PRESENTED AT
• THE NATIONAL CAPITAL
William M. Bunker, as Delegate From
Chamber of Commerce, Leaves
,- ' ' \ " for Washington.
William M. . Bunker, trustee of "the
Chamber of Commerce, left for,Washing
ton, D. C. , last night to represent . that
body at the present session of Congress.
It has been felt for some time by the
leading commercial men of San Francisco
that the local commercial interests should
be better represented at the National
Capital, but until 'recently no steps were
taken looking toward . this end.
The Chamber of Commerce finally de
cided to send a member of the organiza
tion without assistance from the other
commercial bodies. San Diego has for
some time maintained a representative at
Washington and Seattle keeps two m6n
there permanently.
Mr. Bunker does not intend to return to
this city for a year at least. He will. be
on the scene of action and means to keep
thoroughly posted in all matters pertain
.lng to San Francisco. ; .
Wanders Homeless With Her Babe.
Mrs. Louisa Defter, with a babe in her
arms, was found wandering around in
the rain yesterday by Policeman Schmitt
and ', was taken to the City Prison and
placed in charge of the matron. -She
said she was employed as a servant and
two weeks ago went to the City and
County Hospital, where she gave birth
to her child. She was sent from the hos
pital last Tuesday during the rain, and
Mrs. Lowrie, 2957 Twenty-third street,
took pity on her and sheltered her, and
her babe till yesterday morning, when
she had to leave, as Mrs. Lowrie Is a
poor woman.;. She says she has no friends
in this city and that her husband left her
for the East last summer, v -
Mole Murder. Case.
. The preliminary examination of John
M.- . Dolan, . charged .with the murder of
Albert -A. Mole in front of 239 O'Farrell
street on; the morning of November: 22,
was' commenced before Judge Conlan yes
terday. . The • witnesses ■: examined were
John H. Peters, bartender, and H. C.
Kaufman, saloon-keeper, 625 Post street;
Robert Gregg, 285 O'Farrell -street; W. J.
Rlley, messenger boy; J. H. Elms; George
W.- 'Walker,', saloon-keeper, 41 Eddy
street; George Zellar, messenger boy,
and Policemen; Davids. and.Mulcahy, but
their testimony did not bear; directly on
the murder. : The case' was continued till
this morning, when H. B. B. Chapman
will be examined. \ , , •.■.>■;.■ -
Pattern Forged Checks.
Charles W: Patton was ' held to . answer
before the Superior Court' by,: Judge Mo
gan yesterday on a charge , of forgery . in
$1000 bonds. ; He is accused of -forging, the
name of C.'R.Pinkham, a lumberman 'of
San • Mateo : . County, ' to a check f or , : $50,'
which he passed on C. . L.* Dahlende'r, - a
grocer. -He passed, three other checks on
Dahlender.T but 1 ,: no - complaints > have' been
sworn to in | regard to. them. ,
'•': ' ' ' APVEBTIgEJCENTS. -
Only SafeMedieiiie for Babies
. . /F^HC^^few The insides of babes-in-arms and little chil-
/(Oo*^» ' dren are very delicate and tender. Mothers must
/^yy^S¥^**«S!ra not be rec k* ess * n the use °f physics. There 13
/ -^^^^^P^^ only one 2 entle » perfect, safe medicine for babies:
fwLsC^" 1 J*X&&& "Caacarets are flnn for ladles with Infant's, as they keep boti
V%^»! -<5Tl32S?2i% mother and child from becoming blUons. I use them dailv In
f^SXj/ m y practice."— Dr. A. E. Griffln, Stabbledeld, Tez.
\§2^^gKv. 'S^flF l>1 tave become a lira believer in the efficacy of Cascarets.
Y^^A*^ l3%A S&a Ten my baby boy lilteb them."— ilrs. Lida Cermai, Jersey City.
" -^ ' *^^SjT_ 1 A^i . my baby who is not very strong. th»
*. . |V- if ~^^^ . do /use what yon recommend." — Mn.
>/^L {•i'lj ■ S. SI. Chapman, Stephenm llUls, N. Y.
VV^^»\' • J t*W r'~* '■•-•^Sk' "I think Cascarets splendid. They
I >V?n\. / is JiT^^^il** have benefited me (frcatly. My baby
J\*. I / V V-A t^ >^iSsl wnsafflictedwithcroup.andCascareU
C----VJ V j \ti- -^T^ TF35k afforded instant relief."
>S^T>- ; / T^XF^^y, \£VW -Mrs. KUa Ziegler. Delta, Ohio.
,/ , .' 1\ C- If tT^ri ,vA\Sat 'Maaima has used Casearets and r«-
AV,'i:»"j >' •* *S-*L ifc • / ' Jg)i3&»< W$*^ eeiyeU great benefit. She thinks they
V. " -" lfTirimir ifitfrfrliTr are wonderful, and gave them to our
T* £<S IB 1,1 IjWlWJvflif ■ b'bT befpre he was three years old."—
I Jfj ■ 8 V'*«*WP^*^^^ AUce Swell. 631 Eighth St.. S.Boston.
Ly/j 1 Jl^, J ' >^9^r "Our baby was »lck *nd wo -were ad-
S// X 2 V^ / • \fcfC -rlsed to try Cascareta. Ho was en-
X //(? SI J JS^ / Ja^ tirely cured. We cannot gay too much
/ £s jy <<Vyf^' rrl *!"Tl»%fc m/^^r — Mrs. ilollle Bowman! Metropolis, 111.
>7 tir^f f ifafr^Trf^T^i?^ "Cascarets are indispensable for
/j jp^ f M Jft^^^^^f^¥^S jowag children and always bring best
I .^rjSfltyr f/dmm ■ "Cascarets work easy and without
\ AA Jr^y*Em mScwCBKHrxV rff f '''- -Pa'n- I have givon them to my babio*
\ .. BEB^BtUM' M Wi. "': With splendid results."
V" S »C_"*V r^/^)^^99r^ -iVT — Mrs. K. Bettae. St. Louis, Mo.
■^^^^ * *7^ BW **\\4?f\i "Caicaretsarew6nderfully jcoodfor
V:> • * -' 7-' —Mrs. Wm. Boaa, Catamount, N. T.
Mamma takes a CASCARET, baby gets the benefit. Isn't that good sense? The
sweet, palatable Candy Cathartic Cascaret, eaten by the nursing mother, not
only regulates her system and increases her flow of milk, but makes her milk
mildly purgative. Baby gets the effect diluted and as part of its regular, natural
food;— no violence— no danger— perfectly natural results. No more sour cards in
baby's stomach, no more wind, colic, restless nights.
/?T?rV7»/"&T» n&Yv Best for the Bowels. All druggists, xoc, 35c 30c. Never sold in ban*.
f Ufe!«&^UJLKJL!tl Genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money
Twi^ back. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. E»
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
W M Oakey. Ogden J Mackintosh, Prtland
X A Dugin, Boston L, T Almstead, Rdwood
G McMullan, Ukiah J P Glenn, PI Grove
L D Anderson, Pacheco J A Glenn, PI Grove
r A Davidson." Alaska H C Keady. S Diego
P A Kelly. Chicago F C Ball, Los Ang
E S Short. Santa Rosa J Robinson. Forestville
B Bois. Santa Rosa F T Hollenbeck. Cal
E O * Gaff ey, Sausallto Mrs M T Dunn, Eacto
T J Nash, Chicago J H Harris. Salinas
C F Williams & w. E J Southworth. St PI
Klamathon - S Thompson, St Louis
Li Metzeger, Louisville D Tyler, St Louis ;
T W Jeffrey, Loa Angf J w Atherton & w,
H E "Woest, Newhall Novato
G W Rowell. Newhall C M Brown, Chicago
H H Richart & w. Sac U P Richardson, Cal
H A Benjamin, Cal . WS Saunders & w, Cal
R Harrison, R Bluff I J Buck, Arbuckle
W Smith & w. Reddng W F Golden. Tehama
A Thatcher, Astoria Mrs A H Brown, Cal
Miss J Thatcher, Or 1 F C Piero, Mrysvill*
H Goosen, Cordelia S B Luck, Sierra City
W P Niessen, Sutter T H "Huney, Pt Reyea
G McMurtry, Sutter . S ' E Ball, St Louts
F H Graves, Sutter G Adams, Oakland
C T Moss, Palo Alto A R Jones, Oakland
Mrs J Dickinson, New A B Hass, Berkeley
Zealand
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs C Pine. Alameda 4 \ Anderson, Suisun
A \V Stuart, Courtland A. D Rothenbush Stkn
W Steinbeck & w, .Cal Mrs H N Lewis, St Ls
R Richards & w, Cinn P N Roberts & w, Cal
A C Eisen, Fresno J Goveran, Ireland
T R Willis. Los Ang S Vachell & w S Jose
H A Jastro. Bakersfld W F Lenzer, S Jose .
Mrs Oberehain. Cal . E W Ackennan, S Dgo
W D Madlgan, S Jose A B Cash. S Jose 1 .
J Dougherty, Dunsmr A J Larson, Lodi
E F Gierin, Seattle G Malnhart, Grass Val
Mrs H Davis, N Dak E Small. Pa
Mrs C Thompson, Tac J Barry, Cottonwood
0 Herbst, Chicago W E Newton & w. 111
C Wandress, NY E J Hennessey, Napa
Mrs C Wandress, N T J M Taylor, Alameda
1 D Bayles NY M N Clock. Alameda.
Mrs A Ortjo NT J B Blair & w, Placrvl
H J Frannlin, Los Ang R C Seib. Stanford
W Qulnton. Sacto Df A. Liliancrantz,
Miss S E Suter, S Jose Oakland
Miss M Campbell S Jse Miss Edith . Lilian-
Mrs Woolworth. S Crz crantz. Oakland
Mrs Hoffman, S Cruz |j S Perry. Petaluma
J Waters, Watsonville
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Howard, Manila P N Sawyer & w, Cal
A Micks. Manila Mrs M James, Vallejo
P Fennellen. Manila R V Bennett. Wis
J T Kennlngham. Ma- C Gardella, Mok Hill
- nila ~ Miss M Crockett, Ohip
P Little, Manila Miss C Euyler, Ohio
C E Short, Manila JO Calhoun & w,
H Bruns, Manila / Loomis, Wash
J Kelly. Manila H H Stone, Illinois
Mrs Rule, San Jose ' R J Stone, Illinois
-Mrs Maddern, S Jose J A Lualton. Montana
E L Pejot, Manila H C White, Montana
Evangelist Reed Holds Meetings.
OAKLAND, Dec. 5.— C. Fenwick Reed,
the evangelist, who has addressed the
union meetings of the West Oakland
churches this week In the Union-street
Presbyterian Church, spoke enthusiasti
cally this evening to a large gathering of
people, whom he Interested greatly with
his discourse on religious principles. He
is announced to speak before . a men's
meeting In the same church Sunday aft
ernoon at 3:30 o'clock. ' ■-.. -
Services at Synagogue.
At . the Bush-street Synagogue a special
Chanukah service will be held to-day at
4:45 p. m. A children's Chanukah service
will be held on Sunday, next at 2:3f> p. m.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
. Leave • Market-street Ferry Depot.
' : '.. Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local'
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
"Fresno...! 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 8:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
■ " Vlsalia.... 3:39 p 5:00 a
".Bakersfld. 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
">KanClty 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.. .;....'.. 2:15 p »:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
S:CO a. m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping . Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
dally.
4:20 p. m. la Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12 :.'O
p. m. dally,
8:00 p. m. ls the Overland Express, with'
• through Palace ■ and Tourist Sleeoers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
'Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. ls Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land.. ■ -■■ ■,-•■■•'-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAHROAE
Via Sausallt* Firry.
Commencing September 29, 190L
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30 »9:30, 11:00 a. m.,
•1:45 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. •6:15, N 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m,
BUNDAYS-'8:00. •10:00, »U:30 a. m... n.U,
3-15 »4:45 6:30. 9:30 p. m. .
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln. :.' * -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-'diS, 6:27, 7:45, 8:35, 10:13
a m *12:25. 2:15,. •3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
nnd Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:65 p. m.
SUN UAYS-6:15, '8:00, »10:60. -11:45 a, m..
•1-40 '3:15. 4:43, »6:30 P. m.
• Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln. I
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO , SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DA YS-6:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55, 10:30 afm..
12-35 2:45, 3:50, 6:10 p. m. . .
- EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
: SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15, a : ja
5:00 6:4i' p.m. ■■ '■■'•
. •"? 7 THROUGH TRAINS.
•6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .-."''I '
1:45. p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. . , ,
. 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
.Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. . . - .: -5
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
~ Leave . Via Sausatito Ferry . Arnve
San Fran. Foot of Market St.' San Fran.
. 1:15 p. *-"-.^~kDv»«iUj. 5:55 p.'
. F«rj, S«o rraicUco to Sommtt »nd Return, »1 .90.
' , Ticket Offloi, (El HASSXt STREET ud SAUSAUIO TOST.
SOUTHERN PACIFIO:
Train* !«»«•> Mod warm dam *• nrrlf* »f |
NAM rUAMl'lSVO.
(Main Line. Toot of Market Street.) i
U1T1 — fSOli DlCIMBlR 6, 1901. — ABRIT1
7:00a Benida, Sudan, Elmira and Sacra-
* mento 8:33p
7:OOa VacaTille, Winter*, Ruxnsay ?:33r
7 a»i Martinez. San ttamon. VaUolo. Napa.
Callitog* and Santa Bon., 0:23p
8 : 00 a Davis, Woodland. Knlgau Landing,
M»rn»llle. Oioiille.. 7:53?
SiOOa A tlantic Kxpress— Ozden and Eait »i23 A
8:OOa Xlles. Lathrop. Stockton..... 7t83P
SsOOANUes, Mendota, Hanford, Vlsalia,
Forterrtlle .....; *:S3r
8:30a Shasta Express— DarU, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs?. Willows, Kad
Bluff. Portland. 7iUr
IiSOa g«u Jose, Lirermote, Stockton,
lone, Saaramento. ■ Plaeerrille. ~ •
M»n«Ille. Chico. lkd Bliitt 4i8Sp
»i30 a Oakdale, Chinece.Sonor*. Tuolumne 4:23p
U:OOa Hayward, Niles and Way SUUous.. HtSS*
O:OOa Vallejo.... 13:23*
BiOVA Loa Annies Express — Martinez, -
Tracjr , Latbrop. Stockton, Merced
Yreano and Lot Angeles 7:33*
U:«IO a Vallejo. Martinez aud Way Stations ?l33r
1U:UUA The Orerlamt Limited— Ogden. Den-
ver. Omaha. Chicago ' »>S3p
fltOOr Sacramento RlTer (•Jwamers... fll-.OOy
3>wwr Benlcla. Winters, Saeramento,
Woodland, KiTiguU Landing.
MurjSTille, Oiotille i«»:33a
3:3»p Hajw.rd, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7:33 p
4!tt»r Martluex, Haii IUniou, Vallejo,
Nap*. Onllatoita. .Santa Ron «.35p
* lOOp Nlles, LiTermore. Stockton. Lodl... la.aSp
■i:a<»r Hajward. Milen, Han. lose, Llvrnnora t9s»3A
4:30rT.he Owl Limited — Fresno. Tulare,
Bakorsfleld. Haugua for Saaata Uax-
- bara, Iam Angelrs ».... 8:53a
StOOp Fort Costa, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton 1 o:23*
3:00? Martinez, Antioch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno lSi23r
«r»Or Ba/ward. Niles aud Sau Jose 7:33a
{OtOftr Vall«]o 11:234
UiO«r Oriental - .Mall— Ogden, Denrer,
Omaha, St Louis, Chicago 4:23a
TiOOp Oregon and California Uxi>r«a*,Hao>
rniiieiitn, Marjavllle, KkiMIiik,
rurtliiinl, 1'itget donntl anil Kask 8:33a
Stn.ipSan Pablo, Fort Costs, Martinez- - ■ '
j and Waj Stations 1I!23a
tgiOilp Vallejo •. 7:53p
COAST IilNE (Narrow d>tns;e).
(Foot ot Mnrket Street.) "•■>"-..
■ : IrtA Nenark.t'enterillle,8an.loae, b'elton,
IioulderOruek,S«iitaOrusaud Way
Stations 5i5»»
t»i » » r Newark Oen let t illn. Sail Jose. New *^ ; J
. Alntaden, Vtilkon. Ihmkler Ur««k, ■ . ■ .
- - ■ Santa Crux and 1'iiucipal Way.
Stations IOiSOA
4tI3p Newark, Sau Jose. I^sGatos tS.30*
aO.3op Hunters" Train— Ssn Jose and Way
Stations t7.aor
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIS fiUR CISCO— Fool of JUrket Street (Slip 8)—
17:15 9:00 11:00*. a. 1:03 3:J0 B:lSr.a.
runOHUlO— rt«tsfBrssa««T.— 1»:00 +3:00 ISM
10:00 A.M. 12:00 2.03 1:03 r.U. .
COAST LINE (Rrottl <3«n S e).
(Third mid Townaeml Sto.)
SsIOa San Jose and Way Mtationa. ttt-#«»A
7:OOA »aii Jose ami Way SUtlons t»:W»p
/Ti«l>* New Alirailen / 4llO»
8:00a Coast Lino Limited — Ban Jose,
• Gllroy. Salinaj, San Luis Oblspo, .
Santa Barbara. Loa Angeles and
* ' principal Intermediate stations.... 10:43»
BiOOa Han Jwse, Tres l'inoa. Hanta Onts. :--.%.•■•
PaelQe Urore. Halinas. San Lois - ■'
Obispo ami Principal intermediate . - .
.SUMnns -I:1Ot
JO:»Oa San Jcse aud Way SUUons. S:3« A
IliSOA Sau Jims mill Way .Stations 9;48«.
12: 13p San Matro, ltedwood, Menlo Park,
' ,*- : •• Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose. V . .
Tres Pinos, Santa Crux. Salinas." ' ' "
Monteiey mil Paoilio Orore. ...'..• fl*t4S4
3:S«r Ban Jose aud Way .Stations. !>«••>
»4:15r San Jose and Principal Way StaMous 5i30p
. 4:3 Op Sunset Limited— Mondays, Wednea- , ,
days, Fridays, for Los Angeles, El ,
Paso, New Orleans and New York.
Arrrres Sundays. Tuesday 3 and
Thursdays 10>13a
t>1:OOpSan Jose, Los Gatos and Principal - «
Way Stations.. t»:O«»A
SiSOp SanJose aud Principal Way SUUons 6:3Op
CtSApSan Jose anil Way Stations 7:U0p
7:00p New Orlesns Express — Ssn Luis
Obispo. Santa Barbara, Los An-
- - geles. Deming-, £1 Paso. New Or-
leans and East 7t3s>A
gll:45p 3an Joseamt Way 8tatlons 7»3Om»
A for Morning. ! P for Afternoon,
t Sunday ezcepted. t Sunday only.
■ Saturday only. - J Tuesdays sad Fridays^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEES •■ ;
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
~: ( r :.':.'.' Sma Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS-7:S0. 9:00, U:00 a. m.; 12:33
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:SQ
and 11:30 p. m. ...
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 1^0,
6:00. 6:20 p. m. , :
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-fi:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:i5,
3:40. 6:15 p. m. . Saturdays— Extra trips, at 1M
and 1:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10. 1:40,
6:05. 6:25 p. m. ■
Leava > J In Effect I . Arrlvo
San Francisco. (April 28, 1301 [ San Franclsca
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
Fulton. - '
7:30 am ■ Windsor. / 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdaburg, 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyserville.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 6:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am and Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am ' ■ -• ■ » 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am) 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm[ Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pin
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wes:
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fultnn
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton. Springs: at
Geyserville for Skagss Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Mopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. KeJseyvllle, CarU-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Cartiett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Sara tog*
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknelt'd.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hull vine, Orr*a Hot.
Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West.;
port, Uial, WUHts. Laytonvllle, v Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ' ■ ' • «
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market ; street. Chronicle
building. -
H. C. WHITING. > R. X. RYAN.
Gen.. Manager. O*n. Pass. A St.- •
a Dr. Gibtoon'G Dispivisary,
629 HEARTY ST. £Ls:ab!ishcd
In 1934 for the treatment <>f I'rivntn
Dlseunes. !.<>-<t AXaiiiKMid. Debility or
<ll*»"as<» wearlneon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cares when
others fail. Try him. ('barges low.
*:»!•«•• (rnsranlrrd.' Culler wrtMk
Dr. J. X 1 . «IB2OX. sau Francisco. CtU. _
1112
FORMER SENATOR BOYCE
MAY SUCCEED GLEAVES
Is Asked if He Would Accept the Office oi
United States Surveyor General.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.—
Senator Bard to-day telegraphed
ex-State Senator John J. Boyce
of Santa Barbara, asking him if
he would accept the office of United States
Survej'or General for California, to suc
ceed the late General J. M. Gleaves. The
query was sent after agreement had been
reached upon Boyce by Senators Perkins
and Bard and after conference with' the
President. The California Congressmen
were not consulted regarding the selec
tion.
The tender of the Surveyor Generalship
to Senator Boyce Is believed to have an
Important bearing upon the question of
the continuance in office or removal of
Collector of Internal Revenue Lynch.
President Roosevelt has informed Bard
end Perkins that they must agree upon a
successor to Lynch if he is to be removed
and that if they cannot settle the ques
tion between them he will ask the advice
of the California Congressmen. The Con
gressmen assert that they will not con
sent to be called in to settle a draw be
tween the Senators unless they are to be
consulted in all cases of California ap
pointments.
The tender of the Surveyor Generalship
to Senator Boyce was made without con
sultation with the Congressmen, the Sena
tors evidently still feeling able to take
care of the Federal patronage due to Cali
fornia. If the Congressmen stick by their
assertions it will now devolve upon Bard
and Perkins to find a new man upon whom
they can agree as a successor to Collector
Lynch.
Senator Perkins' approval of Boyce for
the Surveyor Generalship is regarded as
an attempt to mollify Senator Bard, in
the nope that he will now be willing to
cease his efforts to have Lynch removed
Boyce was Bard's choice for the office that
has been offered the former California
State Senator and the acquiescence of
Senator Perkins is looked upon as a step
in the direction of harmony between the
two Senators from the Golden State.
BOYCE AN ABLE MAN.
W akes a Good Record as an Attorney
and State Senator. " "
For the past twenty years John J. Boyce
has been noted as an able speaker and
attorney at law. He-was born In Utica,
N. T., in 1S52. and -went to Santa Barbara
in 1876. He studied law with the late
Judge Fernald and-shortly after wasad
mitted to the bar. He was -elected Disi
frict Attorney °f Santa Barbara County
in 1SS2 and served one term. He was
elected to the State Senate from, Santa
Barbara and Ventura .counties in 1S96 and
] The ftegina
I for Christmds ]
fj REGINA MUSIC at Christmas }l
ft time brings melody to the happl- *
I est of all occasions. THE RE- >
[J GINA plays air the old songs so i
K pleasant to remember and the 5
fj good new tunes for singing and 3
ft o&ncing. ■ i
P. A REGINA MUSIC BOX Is a • 4
II Christmas gift that brings pleas- . 1
y ure the whole year round to the *
a whole family. In the home it is
U an ever-ready entertainer for
rt home gatherings, parties and
U THE REGINA plays tunes by j
B the thousands and every new
n tune is added to the list as soon
H as published. The Boxes are ele-
H gantly finished, solid oak and ma-
U hog-any, and are dainty pieces of i
k furniture as well as entertainers •'
n Price $10 to J400. {
.H You are cordially Invited to i
H visit our Regxna room and listen I ■
M to any selections ■ you choose. If
If you can't call, write for cata-
H logue B— our latest publication.
I Shei man, Clay & Go.
I Steimvay Piano Dealers,
S Cor. Keamy and Sutter Sts., S. P.
9 Cor. 13th and Broadway, Oakland,
it 711 Second Ave., Seattle.
FORMER STATE SENATOR
WHO MAY BE APPOINTED
FEDERAL, SURVEYOR GEN
ERAL..
served in the thirty-second and thirty
third sessions. As a criminal attorney he
was considered the ablest in this coun
try. Later he became an active member
cf the Young Men's Christian Association
and was a delegate to the last State con
vention held in Stockton. He left Santa.
Barbara about a year ago and took up his
residence at Berkeley. After returning
from the State Senate he made a trip to
Alaska, but returned . shortly after. He
was spoken of as a probable District
Judge, but was unsuccessful in this can
vass. -. '". ■'.■• -.
Among the most conspicuous work done
by Boyce in the State Senate was the
successful campaign he inaugurated for a
revision of the codes of California.
BANK ATTACHES
TANNERS' FUNDS
Garnishees Large Sums
Belonging to McKay
Company.
An attachment was levied yesterday on
alL the money which the McKay Tanning
Company of Benlcia has on deposit in the
Wells, Fargo & Co. Bank, and also that
which is due the company from. Bucking
ham & Hecht. The suit is beyfg brought
by D. O. Mills & Cb.'s" National Bank of
Sacramento. In the Wells-Fargo Bank
the McKay Tanning Company has to its
credit $197,000, all of which is included in
the attachment.
A telegram from Sacramento says the
announcement that the national bank of
D. O. Mills & Co. had attached the funds
of the McKay Tanning Company did not
surprise the business community of that
city, which has been aware for some time
of the embarrassment which had over
taken the tanning company.
The matter has an Important bearing
In Sacramento, aside from the bank's con
nection with it, because of the fact that
the soap manufacturing business of the
W. R. Knights Company of Sacramento
and the McKay Tanning Company at
Benicla are owned by the same people—
W. R. Knights, W. D. Knights, John
Blair- and James Blair.
Both corporations, it was learned from
officials of the D. O. Mills bank, are In
financial trouble on account of losses en
tailed by the tanning company in its sales
of leather for several years. *
The entire indebtedness of the company
is said to be less than $150,000, of which
about $50,000 is owing to the national
bank of D. O. Mills & Co. of Sacramento,
which is secured by collateral notes
amounting to $197,000, upon which it
brought the attachment suit.
The remaining debts are owing to the
bank of Wells, Fargo & Co., the Bank of
California and Sumner & Co. of San
Francisco and John McFarland of Gait,
Sacramento County. It is said that the
creditors and debtors are close to a set
tlement on a, basis of about 60 cents on
the dollar. The Capital Soap Company of
Sacramento, although owned by the same
parties as the tannery, is not in financial
troubles. The McKay Tanning Company
has about $50,000 of good assets, consist
ing of leather, cash in bank and accounts
due it from Buckingham & Hecht and
others.
W. D. Knights of the embarrassed firm"
was a representative of Sacramento
County In the last Legislature. He and
his business colleagues have always etood
high In the business community of that
city and their reverses are attributed to
their taking the earnings of ' the local'
soap company to make up for the losses
at the Benicla tannery, which has proved
a bad investment.
GREENWAY HELD FOR ROBBERY.-Wil
liam Green-way, alias f'Mush," was held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge Fritz
yesterday on a charge of robbery. He was
charged with robbing Charles H. Hansen of a
watch and $2 at Second and Tebama Btreeti on
the night of November 13.' * .■;■.: ,>•"•;•■/•,
Trusts and combinations do not affect Jesse
Moore Whiskey. Its fame is established, 1U
quality u the finest and it ii alwayi th« be«t-»
THE. SAN FEANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY,; DECEMBER 6, 1901.
B I to-dosy "vtv Frisco s most popuhcbr J JP
I 1 COVERT CLOTHS, the new ffffill ®S| || '
iljj xvirvter fashion, the new winter , L wljlMM ' I \ \fm liijif I
ijl to please chaps between the ages Uir franflvM jSpwHUl |Pr I
|| WONDERLAND— Our beautiful Christmas i Ujf^ ll^^©©! j 11 w£v\ |fl \ \ 1
I e| spectacle already visited by thousands,' who ' !||j| flter Mi Mil p&ulj , M [ I
III loudly acclaim its beauty- You're invited. I'lmigx kml°.'^CT I T'vSwl I > 1
MAKES A DASH
FOR LIBERTY
Detectives Have Exciting
Chase After Frank
Contferas.
The police were notified a short time
ago that a man of good appearance was
in the habit of calling at lodging houses
and, on the pretext of getting a glass
*of water, stealing whatever he could
lay his hands on during the landlady's
temporary absence. Detective Crockett
got a good description of the man and
decided that he was Frank Contreras,
who has served several terms for petty
larceny. \
Crockett was fortunate In meeting Con
treras yesterday afternoon about 1 o'clock
and promptly placed him under arrest.
Contreras did not offer any resistance
and went along quietly till the corner of
California and- Kearny streets was
reached. Then Contreras made a dash
for liberty and dashed along Kearny
northward, with the object of reaching
a place of safety among friends in tho
Latin quarter, where he is well known.
The detective started in pjursult and
blew his whistle as he ran, but no one
joined in the chase. Crockett is a big
man, but showed that he Is possessed of
good sprinting powers, and Con,treras,
seeing that he would probably be over
hauled, darted into a saloon near Jack
son street, , where he was cornered and
Crockett put the handcuffs on him. He
was taken to the City Prison and placed
in the "tanks" pending identification by
his victims. His last exploit was to steal
a valuable watch belonging to a landlady
who supplied him with a glass of water.
Contreras comes of excellent family,
but has apparently decided upon a career
of crime. His grandfather- was a gen
eral in the American army, and the pris
oner has wealthy . relatives in this city.
He has been out of the County Jail, only
two months.
Son of Edward Boss Dies.
The little son" of Edward Ross, concern
ing whose sad condition an account ap
peared iii yesterday's papers, died yes
terday. Mr. Boss desires it to be under
stood, however, that though in straight
ened circumstances,* he is not the recipi
ent of charity, as stated.
(^ Regular : : Kft|^;Sa5tej-
|j Are you interested in Good; Shoes at ' reduced H
U prices? Many purchasers, who have ; taken advantage fl
iT. of our Friday offerings, have left our place pleased and M.
B surprised to have found just what they "wanted, and H
U were as carefully fitted as if full price had been charged. H
j§ We do this once a week, on Friday, for the advertise- ja
U ment that our store gets. Your money back if goods are B
H not found satisfactory in every way. H
M LADIES' BLACK, red and irreen Felt MEN'S VICI KID I*A.CH \, SHOES— »|
Kj Juliets, fur trimmed and hand turned • leather lined; a stout single "sole; neat H
ca —this is a good article and mighty medium toe: you want to aee them 68
'M comfortable these rainy nights; on displayed in the window; on Friday Ha
EH Friday only 85c only $3.15 Ea
B LADIES' TURKISH SLIPPERS. In -,„„,* ' .., ,'H
£8 brown, black and red— a limited quan- MEN'S exceedingly swell ENAMEL §9
13 ■ tlty only; on sale on Friday 55c SHOES — broad toes, heavy extended ICa
fa ■'— - - - . .-; . . eoles; made by one of the best mak- H
|a LADIES' ALL-WOOli JERSEY LEO- erB ta the country; on Friday only ' M
fa GINGS— knee length; $1 regularly; .* • $4.10 JS
H on Friday only TOo ■ Eg
M LADIES' FINE KID LACE SHOES-- B °Tth' ?. ATIN CA^ F a IjA 5? SHOE^T B
m -heavy hand welted soles, with broad ' S^Jf n Jt«Si7 ♦ "VHl" 1 . V? nTh^, ™,; M
m extensions; regular price $3.50: on f°™{2 rtal il? ! oe; ,,t her * u no "j lngr P ut fcffl.
El Friday only. ...7.92.85 together that will outwear them; on Rf
H CHILDREN'S and MISSES', BLACK' , J° £,, • "••SJ'nS H
H.'. FELT ROMEOS— fur trimmed, hand " »H .-to S%.... $1.GO :B,
HI * • ■ inacie. ;-•■»■■ ... / i .-. ■ ■■ '■ ™ ■ . * WD
M Sizes B. to 11 .:....• 6Oc CHILDREN'S and MISSES' FINE KID • S]
MB. • Sizes 11% to 2........ 70c .LACE SHOES-kid tiDS, medium soles ' H
m Lay them aside for Christmas— you : and broad toe; as good a shoe as you - H
Ij eave money. will find at 80 cents more a pair; Eft
B . INFANTS'- KID BUTTON " SHOES^- Sizes 6°°'to 8 .... .»1.15 fi
M'.'. Patent Leather tips ; sizes : 1 -. to 6%: - ~'8V4toll lll.SU' B
BS- • on Friday — ........ '....40c 1 .*.' - . llH'to'2.... .$1.58 B
j^jAN ENDLESS ASSORTMENT OP^OLlfiAY SLIPPERS J
MRS. COARUM'S
TRIAL BEGINS
Self-Defense Is the Plea
of the Woman Who
Shot Daniels.
The trial of Mrs. Catherine Coarum,
the white wife of a colored cook on the
steamer Umatilla, for the murder on
April 9, 1901, of a watchman named
Charles Daniels at her residence. at 1133%
Clay street, was commenced In Judge
Dunne's court yesterday.
Mrs. Coarum, who, in the absence of
her husband, who was at sea, .was en
joying herself in the company of Daniels,
killed the watchman at her residence
after he and she had . disposed of several
bottles of beer. . She fired three shots at
him in the kitchen of the house where
they were carousing', killing him instant
ly. She then dragged his body to the
basement of the house and secreted It.
The next day one of her neighbors, hear
ing the woman crying, notified a police
man, who entered the house and searched
the premises. He found the woman cry
ing hysterically over Daniels' body and
arrested her on the charge of murder.
The pistol with which the crime had been
committed was found in the room where
the shooting occurred. When Mrs. Coarum
recovered Irom her spree she claimed
Daniels had fired a shot at her and that
she killed him in self-defense.
Coaruih, the woman's husband, was the
only witness examined yesterday. He
said he married the accused woman at
Liverpool in 1874 and came with her to
this city in 1884. It was while he was
at sea that the shooting occurred. He
testified thatiten days after the affair he
went to his home and made a search of
the house.
In the kitchen where Daniels was killed
he found a razor, closed and in its case,
and under, the steps leading to the base
ment he said he found a bullet, which
corresponded in size and shape to the
three taken from the body of Daniels. A
further search, said Coarum, resulted in
his finding a bullet hole in the steps.
The bullet found by Coarum was placed
in evidence, the lawyers hoping to prove
by it that the woman took Daniels' life
after he had fired a shot at her.
The case was continued at this point
until Monday at 10 a. m. .
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^__ _^ __^-u
w. "The Stroller" : 0^^^^m^W
IIP' SHADE 'S-Dark Mixed Ox-
M j S Bigoroad shoulders; tail-
fflPr*tef 0r6<^ <^ rct/De gracefully upon tM^S^^^^^ff&pM^^^M^)^^^'
>Hl«BL the form; 50 inches in length. •^S^fl^f^^^^^||^|^®^^^| MJBuLjf
kjjifw/ Bring Your Young FolKs to See Our Beautiful •
yJBffbg'i- Christmas Spectacle. "WONDERLAND." ir^^^^^BK^^^J^^^^^^KmB^
GEORGE ALDRICH IS SANE IN FACT
BUT LAW SAYS HE IS INCOMPETENT
George Aldrlch, a j wealthy young
man, who mingles In good .society and
who, according to medical examiners. Is
gifted with about the same amount of in
telligence as the rest of humanity, finds
himself confronted with the statement
from the Supreme Court that he is legally
insane. Mr. Aldrich is, however, a young
gentleman of easy disposition, who does
not care If he Is legally Insane.
Aldrlch's parents were Hawallans and
related to the illustrious Queen LJliuoka
lani. His father acquired a considerable
amount of property, which was be
queathed to the children. George was at
that time thought to be insane, but $125,
000 was given to him in trust. He was to
receive the benefit of the Income so long
as his mental disability lasted, and If ho
should recover he waa to get the whole
amount. If at the time of his death he
should '.still be insane, the money was to
go to the other children.
Aldrich was educated at Stevens Insti
tute of Technology, Hoboken, N. J. It is
stated that while there he developed an
extraordinary ability to spend money. It
is alleged that he then became weak men
tally and shortly afterward became dan
gerous. Judge Hamilton of Alameda sent
him to Napa Insane Asylum in 1888. Al
drich escaped once, but was recaptured.
His father died and he was paroled. Dr
Gardner Is reported to have said that he
considered the young man sane, although
dangerous symptoms might again set in.
These symptoms as far as is known, have
not appeared as yet, and ten years have
elapsed.-
An effort to establish Aldrich' s sanity
was made once before and the examining
physicians reported favorably, but the
young fellow became too anxious waiting
for a- decision and wrote to the Judge
promising a large amount of money for
his legal freedom. When this occurred,
It seemed preferable that he be still ad-
Judged insane. Proceedings were again
instituted in the Superior Court of this
city, but Judge Troutt* decided that he
had no Jurisdiction over the case. Peti
tion was made to the Supreme Court for
a writ of mandate which would make a
hearing compulsory.
This petition the Supreme Court has de
nied, not that Aldrich Is insane, but by
reason of legal technicalities. The court
suggests that a writ of habeas corpus
might be obtained, but Attorneys Wood
worth and Spottswood, who represent the
young man, fall to see how they can ask
for a writ when their client is already
free. They have attempted to make the
asylum people place the young man in
confinement, and the habeas corpus pro
ceedings would be in order. The asylum
authorities claim, however, that they
have no right to imprison him. The mat
ter seems to be in a hopeless tangle and
no way to settle It ia apparent to the
lawyers. ■ •
Since Aldrich has been at liberty he
has traveled over a large part of the
world. He Is 33 years of age. For some
time past ' he has resided at the Grand
• •M-H"I"I"M"I|l';i M-M I I I I M-i-0
BOHEMIAN CLUB'S EXHIBIT
PRONOUNCED GBEAT SUCCESS
Orin Peck's Portrait of Benjamin I.
Wheeler Is a Splendid
. < Likeness. - • i.
The Bohemian Club's fifth annual exhi
bition of paintings was opened for mem
bers yesterday and will be thrown open to
all lovers of . art this evening. Messrs.
Dickman, Clawson, Mathews and Bloomer
are members of the hanging committee.
Twenty-three artists nave sent in their
work and there are In all 150 pictures. H
J. Breuner has some very clever land
scapes which appeal to all admirers of
this class of work. "Near Monterey" is
especially good . and won great admira
tion. r -.■'-■—'-
The portrait of President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, upon which Orin Peck worked
for several months, is very strong and is
pronounced a splendid likeness. The en
tire exhibition is very fine and has demon
strated the fact that California has many
clever artists. •
Bionnart's Flaxseed Balsam
Will cure your couch; SO ctnti; at all druKlati*.
Hotel. His chief amusement Is riding in
the park in his new automobile. He Is
said to find it easy to spend the Income
on his fortune and to be strongly pos-
I Friday »< Saturday Specials j
I LU1 KAlJtLb ::
!.;; Still prevail. Notwithstanding it is the height of the season, ••
;: we shall offer our SPECIAL PRICES in order that every •;
*: one may be suited in QUALITY, and PRICE. These prices ••
;; will maintain our reputation as being the LOWEST ¥
:• PRICED HOUSE on the Coast, quality considered. The $
:: reliable I
| GOLDEN GATE ||
( CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE I
| Will offer 50 extra quality BLACK VENETIAN ■•
T TAILOR SUITS, nobby Eton effect, Jacket and Skirt ;■
*: elegantly trimmed and lined. Cut Rate, $15.00. Reg- •'
*! ular price, $22.50. •;
;:' 100 RAINY DAY SUITS, newest style Eton and box ef- •'•
'£ feet, Skirt tailor stitched, . perfect hanging, black, •'
± Oxford and brown. Cut Rate, $10.00, $12.50 ::
•: and $13.50. Regular price, $12.50, $15.00 and $16.50. •;
;•' 50 AUTO BOX JACKETS, made of heavy all-wool black \\
;; golfing cloth, with velvet Revers, Collar and Cuffs. ••
'•£■■%: Cut Price, $7.50. Were $10.00. '.'.
J 100 RAINY DAY SKIRTS, Tailor stitched, newest style. fit
|| Brown $3.50 quality cut to $2.50. Oxford, $4.00 qual- '•'.
:: 50 RIVER MINK FUR CAPES, ruffled, heavy satin-lmed. '. -
Cut Price, $10.00. Regular Price, $15.00. !!
:i 12 EXTRA FINE SATIN AND PEAU DE SOIE NEW- I*
S MARKET RAGLANS at $37.50. Reduced from !i
! ! $50.00. ' ; ;
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. ;|
-'GIVE NEW SIGHT FOR X31AS.
MAKE A PRESENT ,^0^sa^^
that will be highly appre- /B*'I*P l^ l *^~— .
X JCiJTVXVO 1U I'HWI hi. I*- ''ii»ii,
Mayerie's Superior Quality ll*r*"*^!^ s v
Eyeglasses are the only ones }*ri -'5^r *
Indorsed by tho highest U. \Hmj
S. Army, Navy and Gov- ■ >i'
ernment officials. Will be
sent by express with srivllege of trying them
before paying any charges. Prices J5. J10 and
$15. When ordering state age, occupation, also
whether classes are wanted for reading or to
see oft. German eye waters. 50c. Telephone.
Pouth 572. GEORGE MAYERLE, Graduate
German Expert Optician, 1071ft Market St., near
Seventh, San Francisco,,
seased with a desire to put some of the
principal Into circulation besides, but it
seems likely that he will have to forego
that pleasure for some time at least.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
Specialist eurw Blood Poison. GonorrhasmGleet.
-m^ 111 ™' S»nili,«lWea!:nes«. Impotence u I theft
nlllerl Disorders, llook on Di5>eases of Mei" free
?^^^P^ V^ n^ T " rmK reasonable! Hou«:
9to3daily;fi:30to9.30ev >^San(lays,10tol2.C«>nsnlI
taUonfreeandsacredlyconlldential. Call oiraddrwi
-i ■ , P. ROSCOR aieXULTY. M. D.V
2C»4 Kesrnyst., Man Francisco, £al
SifMllIlli