VOLUME XCL-NO 7.
WRECKERS
HURL TRAIN
FROM RAILS
Cause Disaster on the
f Oregon Line Near the
Dalle3.
Engineer Is Killed and Fire
man iDjured, but Passen
gers Escape.
Hailroad Company Offers One Thou
sand Dollars for Arrest and
Conviction of the
Criminals.
PORTLAND. Ore., Dec. 6.— Eastbound
passenger train No. 2 on the Oregon Rail
■way and Navigation line, •which left this
city at 9 o'clock this evening, was wrecked
twelve miles west of The Dalles this aft
ernoon. The engine turned completely
over and the mall car left the track, but
turned only partially over. The composite
sleeper and diner were derailed, but re
mained upright. The other cars, including
a private car containing -Colonel R. C.
dowry, general superintendent of the
_"Western Union Telegraph Company, and
l party, remained on the track-
Engineer Maurice Cavanaugh was bad
ly scalded and internally injured- He
died in the hospital here to-night. Fire
man Frank Chase was seriously injured.
None of the passengers were hurt.
The disaster was undoubtedly the work
of train wreckers, as an examination
showed that a seven-eighths-inch square
nut had been placed on the outside rail of
a three-degree curve. Another nut was
. found on an outside rail about 100 feet
ahead of the first one. The company has
offered $1000 reward for the arrest and
conviction of the criminal.
Four tramps are under arrest in The
Dalles on suspicion of having been con
cerned in the wrecking of the train. A
negro who is detained in The Dalles on
suspicion of having a knowledge of the
crime said that he heard the tramps, who
were put off a train to-day, make threats
against the railroad company.
Engineer Cavanaugh is survived by a
widow and four children.
COURT-MARTIAL VERDICT
ACQUITS COLONEL MEADE
Jfavy Department Announces That
the Marine Officer's Conduct
Was Not Scandalous.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— It was an
nounced at the Navy Department that
the court-martial which tried Colonel
Robert L. Meade of the marine corps at
the Brooklyn Navy Yard on charges of
drunkenness on duty, and "scandalous
conduct tending to the destruction of
good morals" has acquitted that officer,
and he has been restored to duty at the
Brooklyn Navy Yard pending the formal
review of the proceedings of the court
by Judge Advocate General Lemly and
Secretary Long's approval of the find
ings.
It is stated that the court makes no
mention whatever in its finding of the
connection of either Colonel Denny or
Major Lauchheimer with the case. It
was at the instance of these two officers
that the court of inquiry which preceded
the court-martial was ordered. It is the
opinion of naval officials that this case,
so far as Colonel Meade is concerned, is
closed and that the formal proceedings
yet remaining will not change the ver
dict cf the court-
PEAISES THE PKESIDENT.
Spectator Declares Boosevelt Has the
Moral Vigor of Cromwell.
LONDON, Dec. 6. — An article on Presi
dent Roosevelt will occupy considerable
space in to-morrow's issue of the Spec
tator. His message to Congress is highly
commended.
"Here, at any rate," says the Spectator,
"is a man who knows what he means
and who means that the world shall
know, it also."
Briefly, the Spectator will approve of
President Roosevelt's attitude both in re
gard to the trusts and the foreign policy,
but the paper will admit that European
powers will never accept Monroeism in
theory and only in practice as long as
the American navy is strong enough to
support it. The Spectator is especially
glad that President Roosevelt is inclined
to face the possibility • of the need to
amend the constitution, which American
statesmen always regard as too sacred
to be touched.
The Spectator will also contain a highly
eulogistic article on President Roosevelt's
essay, "The Citizen and the Public Man,"
and will say that in this essay one sees
a man with the inflexible moral vigor of
Cromwell.
"We are convinced that President
Roosevelt is going to play a great part
and a good part if he continues his work
In the spirit which inspires this remark
able sermon. He will prove the most
sweetening Influence in the whole lump
of civil life in America that has been
shown for many years."
IAVOEABLE EEPOBT ON KNOX.
Senate Will Confirm Appointment of
the Attorney General.
WASHINGTON. Dec. €.— The Senate
Committee on Judiciary authorized a fa
vorable report upon the nomination of the
Hon. C. P. Knox to be Attorney General.
Opposition to confirmation is made by tho
Anti-Trust League, which has filed a pe
tition with the committee In which com
plaint is made that Knox failed to bring
certain suits against organizations said
"*\ito be trusts which he was urged by the
J ieague to institute. The committee con
sidered this document at some length,
but concluded that the. President should
be allowed to choose his own advisers,
be being responsible for them.
The San Francisco Call.
CALIFORNIA CONGRESSMEN ARE ACTIVE
IN SHAPING NEEDED LEGISLATION
Anarchists Will
Get Short
Shrift
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.—
Reports of the anarchists' meet
ing in Chicago last night, at
which Abraham Isaak is said to
have praised Czolgosz, and the name of
the assassin was cheered, have been read
by public men to-day in disgust.
Senators and Representatives are par
ticularly incensed, and some are urging
the meeting and violent language used as
only further evidence of the necessity of
immediate action on some one of the anti
anarchist bills now before Congress.
In speaking this afternoon on the Chi
cago meeting. Senator Cullom said:
"Such a thing is outrageous, and esps
cially so in view of the awful tragedy in
Buffalo. I am in favor of sweeping all
those fellows off into the sea or sending
them somewhere far away from decent
people."
Ought to Be Snuffed Out.
Senator Foraker said:
"If this man is no better than-Czolgo?7! r
as he said, he can't be executedtoo quick
ly. My opinions on this question of vio
lent anarchists are already well known.
Such fellows as this Chicago man ought
to be stamped out of existence without
ceremony."
Senator Hoar said:
"I do not feel called on to express an
opinion every time one of these men uses
violent language. I think the suggestion
which I made yesterday in the Senate to
deport dangerous anarchists to some lone
ly island- where they can govern them
selves a good one for this man from Chi
cago."
. Representative Crumpacker said:
"It is difficult and sometimes dangerous
to deal with these men for the use of lan
guage alone, but the case is becoming ag
gravated and something should be done to
put a stop to such occurrences."
Representative Landis said:
"An island should be dedicated to anar
chists, where these fellows can talk xnil
cut and slash and shoot to their hearts'
content, under their own laws."
Necessity of Legislation.
Representative Ball of Texas said:
"Such occurrences onl^ go to emphasize
the necessity of enacting legislation to
prevent the use of violent language. . I
realize that It is a delicate question, but
it seems to me that something can be
done."
Representative Hamilton said:
"These men ought to be executed in a
lawful manner. If it cannot be done ac
cording to the constitution, let us have
the constitution amended so it can."
BERLIN, Dec. 6.— The long reports of
the proceedings In the United States Sen
ate concerning anarchy which have been
printed here are attracting much atten
tion. Newspapers here express the hope
that the anarchistic breeding grounds In
the United States will be closed to Euro
pean fugitives, thus materially aiding the
efforts of the Continental police.
COAST INTERESTS WATCHED.
Metcalf Says Perkins Will Look
After Mare Island.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.—Representa
tive Metcalf eays the interests of the
Mare Island Navy Yard will not suffer
by his transfer from the Naval Commit
tee.
"Members of the Naval Committee have
assured me," he says, "that these inter
ests will not be affected by my going off
the committee. Besides, Senator Perkins
is the ranking member of the Senate
Naval Committee, and will see that Mare
Island is well taken care of. I believe I
can do valuable work for the Pacific
Coast in my new position."
Senator Perkins is to be a member of
the Senate Commerce Committee, whlcli
has charge of the river and, harbor and
shipping legislation. He urged the ap
pointment of Senator Bard, but the Sen
ate managers insisted upon Perkins tak
ing the place or H would be given to Sen
ator Mitchell of- Oregon, a candidate for
it. Perkins will resign the place on the
Committee on Education and Labor to
take the new position.
To Tax Stock and Earnings.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.—Representa
tive Crumpacker of Indiana introduced a
bill In the House. to-day providing- for on
amendment to the constitution- permitting
Congress to -tax the capital stock . and
earnings of corporations. _ -
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1901.
Coast Congressmen Are Working
Hard to Exclude Chinese
Labor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.—
The Chinese exclusion bill intro
duced in the House to-day by
Representative Kahn and to be
offered in the Senate next Monday by
Senator Perkins was prepared by Chi
nese Inspector Dunn of San Francisco
and Commissioner of Immigration Pow
derly. This and all other similar meas
ures Introduced in both branches of Con
gress will be considered by a committee
of Senators and Representatives from the
Pacific Coast States which was appointed
for that purpose at the conference of del
egations of California, Oregon. Washing
ton, Nevada and Idaho held to-day. .
This committee expects to submit to the
next conference, on December 16, a meas
ure providing for Chinese exclusion' which
shall meet the approval of the delegation
and which shall contain the important
provisions of all bills 'introduced relating
to this question. The measure as finally
agreed upon will be offered in both
branches and action urged upon it as em
bodying the legislation desired by the
Pacific Coast. . • .
Representative Loud, who presided at
the conference/ appointed the following
committee to take the matter under con
sideration and report its findings at the
next meeting: Senators Foster of Wash
ington, Mitchell , of Oregon, Heltfeld of
Idaho, Representatives Metcalf, Loud and
Coombs, of California and Newlands of
Nevada. .'...- . j
Representative Loud favors the Lodge
Chinese exclusion bill repealing the' lim
itation clause of \ the present act. This
bill, he says, has stood the test of the
courts, while the constitutionality and
legality' of a new bill would probably be
questioned, with perhaps adverse decision
on the material points. .
At the conference to-day Loud was
chosen chairman and Senator Dubois sec
retary. There was a large attendance of
members of .both political parties and the
expression, of opinion in favor t of vigor
ous and effective work was quite general.
Senators Mitchell and Heltfeld and Rep
resentative Loud were especially earnest
in urging action. They took a position in
favor of making the Geary law immedi
ately effective, declaring that' the Chinese
multitude should be kept out of the coun
try for all time.
Chinese Inspector Dunn, ' who is sta
tioned at San Francisco, also made an
address, In which he detailed his experi
ences in this work, pointing out "•many
evils which he contended are included in
the promiscuous admission of Chinese.
SPEAKER NAMES COMMITTEES.
Changes Are Made in Some.Impor
tant Assignments. \
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— In the House
to-day, after the reading and approval -of
the journal, Galnes of Tennessee, who has
Just returned from .the - Philippines, ; ap
peared at the bar. where the oath'of. office
was administered to him. ,
Speaker Henderson then announced the
appointment of the following committees:
Ways and Means : Republicans— Payne,
New York; Dalzell, Pennsylvania; Hop
kins. Illinois ; Grosvenor, Ohio ; . Russell,
Connecticut; Steele, Indiana; •Tawney,
Minnesota;- McCall, Massachusetts; Long,
Kansas; Babcock, : Wisconsin; Metcalf ',
California. Democrats— Richardson, Ten
nessee;" Robertson,' Louisiana;; Swanson;
Virginia; McClellan, New York; New
lands,' Nevada; Cooper, Texas. ' ■ , ;• V, ;
Appropriations: , Republicans— Cannon,
Illinois; Blngham, Pennsylvania; Henien
way, Indiana; Barney, Wisconsin; Moody,
Massachusetts; Van Voorhls, Ohio;..Mc-
Cleary, Minnesota; Littauer," New York;
Brownlow, Tennessee; Gardner, Michigan;
Burkett, Nebraska. Democrats—Living
ston, Georgia;, McRae, Arkansas; Bell,
Colorado; Pierce, Tennessee; Benton, Mis
souri; Taylor, Alabama. ■
Enrolled Bills: Republicans— Wachter,
Maryland; Ball, Delaware; Burke, Penn
sylvania; Currier, New Hampshire. Dem
ocrats—Lloyd, Missouri; Edwards, Mon
tana.
In each of the committees announced to
day the majority representation was in
creased one and the minority representa
tion reduced to that extent. This policy
is to be f ollqwed. in ■ the appointment of
the other committees. ; Metcalf j of Cali
fornia' is the ' new Republican member on
the Ways and Means Committee, and
Brownlow of Tennessee, Gardner of Mich
igan . and j Burkett of j Nebraska ' the new
.Republican members j on 'the' Appropria
tions Committee. { Wood . of Alabama was
the Democrat dropped from the Ways and
Means Committee. The retirement •• of
Allen # of Mississippi made it unnecessary
to drop a Democrat from the Appropria
tions Committee. '.'-.•
Wachter of Maryland succeeds Baker
of the same State as chairman of the
Committee on Enrolled Bills. " Baker was
not re-elected. ■ ,
CONTEMPLATES WESTEEN TOUR
President Roosevelt May Visit Cali
fornia Next Spring.
NEW. YORK, Dec. 6.-The Call's corre
spondent is- informed by : an' ■ intimate
friend of President Roosevelt that he con
templates, a Western tour next spring or
early summer,; such as McKinley made
several months ago.
The President said to some California
callers that he "hoped to be able to visit
California next spring." This was
thought to be a mere pleasantry, but he
afterward told some friends that he
woul.i ; go provided public business would
permit. / . ' "' '
Pension for Mrs. / McKinley.
WASHINGTON,' Dec :_.-. 6.—Representa
tive . Taylor of Ohio to-day introduced a
bill to pension Mrs. McKinley at the rate
of; $5000 ; a year , * beginning September 14,
1901,. the -date of ithe death: of ; the late
-President,.: ''''.' .; ■'
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE GOLDEN STATE WHO HAS BEEN
PLACED ON THE HOUSE WAYS AND MEANS COMMITTEE. AND
j * OTHER CONGRESSMEN ASSIGNED BY SPEAKER HENDERSON.
Metcalf 's Appointment May Mean
there Will Be No Revision
of the Tariffs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1405 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.—Rep
resentative Victor Metcalf has
been highly honored by Speaker
Henderson, who to-day i appointed
him a member of the Ways and Means
Committee, which is the most important
committee in the House* of Representa
tives, just as the Finance Committee is in
the Senate. This is an honor that seldonij
falls to a member in his second term, and
Metcalf is receiving the congratulations
of friends. ' , . :.
California has not been represented on
the Ways and Means Committee since Mc-
Kenna was a member. McKinley was
chairman and his every-day contact con
vinced him of McKenna'a ability, and on
becoming President he made him Attor
ney General and then elevated him to the
United States Supreme Court bench; to
succeed Justice Fields.
Metcalf, on this Committee of Ways and
Means, will be in a position to do much
for California, should there be an attempt
to revise the tariff. It Is questionable,
however, whether there will be any at
tempt at revision on the part of the Re
publicans, though, of course, the Demo
crats will urge it. Members will, however,
proceed Immediately to frame a Philippine
tariff bill. ,
No Tariff Revisions.
The selection of Metcalf, it is believed,
indicates the purpose of the House lead
ers not to make tariff revisions or revenue
reductions during the present session.
Republican members of the committee
held a session to-day behind closed doors
to arrange a programme for the early
work of j the session. - After the meeting,"
which lasted an hour, one of the members
said no action was taken except: to dis
cuss the Philippine tariff matter. He said
it was : the intention of the majority to
prepare a bill for immediate Introduction
to meet the situation created by the de
cision of the Supreme Court. He thought
the bill i would be ready next 'week and
would re-establish the old rates.
In connection with the Philippine tariff
a clash has come between- the Senate and
the House. '-' Members of the . Ways and
Means Committee resent the introduction
of the Lodge bill in the Senate and insist
that it robs the House of its constitutional
prerogative of Initiating all legislation for
raising revenue for the Government.
Will Not Accept Lodge Bill.
Chairman Payne was asked by The Call
correspondent to-night if he would accept
the Lodge bill and introduce it In the
House. .
"I shall not," he replied. "We shall have
a- bill of our own."
. There is a precedent for returning Sen
ate bills for raising revenue without ac
tion by, the House, and should the Lodge
bill be sent over this will be done.V V.!i
A leading member of the House said the
probable outcome would be that the House
bill would go over to , the Senate, where
the Lodge bill would be allowed to quietly
drop out of existence.
Import merchants in Manila are prepar
ing a petition, which will be presented to
Congress, asking that Manila be made an
American port, free of duty.
BAXL AND THE TEUSTS.
Texas Member Seeks to Create a
Select Committee.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.—Representa
tive Ball of Texas to-day introduced a
resolution ' providing for . a special com
mittee on trusts. In explaining the meas
ure this afternoon Ball said:
"My object Is to eliminate politics from
consideration of the trusts. During the
last session the same trust bills were re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee, which,
by rule adopted for the purpose,- prevent
ed Democrats from even offering amend
ments .or substitutes. The methods* of
getting at the trusts by national legisla
tion are already difficult enough wtlhout
Involving the . matter still more ' by the
referrence of bills to different commit
tees. I have put in three bills attacking
the trusts and they have all gone to sep
arate committees. If the Roberts matter
can have a special committee it seems to
me that the trusts are entitled to It, for
they are of vastly more Importance to
the American people.". .
PEICE FIYE CENTS.
DEATH LURKS
IN WATER OF
LOBOS CREEK
Spring Valley Company
Must Stop Supply
ing It to City.
Supervisors' Health Commit
tee Hears Testimony of
Experts.
Recommends Passage of Resolution
by the Board Finding That Source
Is Contaminated and Shall ■ jj
Be Abandoned. .*?. j5j
The Health Hospital Committee of tha
Board of Supervisors met yesterday . and
recommended the passage of a resolution
ordering the Spring Valley Water Com
pany to Immediately discontinue supply
ing Its consumers with water from Point
Lobos Creek. This action was taken
after three expert city officials, each pur
suing an Independent investigation, had
reported that the water Is contaminated
and a menace to the health and lives of
those who drink It.
There Is hardly a doubt that tha
board will adopt the resolution and In
that event the corporation will have to
draw on Its other sources at the rate of
2,000,000 gallons daily to supply the Inhab
itants of the Richmond district, a largo
portion of the Western Addition and part
of North Beach, who are at present using
the water of Lobos Creek.
. The first report presented to tha com
mittee which had ordered tha taking of
expert evidence on the exact. condition of
Lobos Creek and its watershed was
that of City Engineer Grunsky, who pro
nounced the supply unsuitable for hu
man consumption. His report says:
Lobos Creek Is Polluted.
As heretofore stated In my progress report en
the investigation of water supply for 1900-01.
Lobos Creek is not to be considered a desirable
source of supply and I do not believe that It
would have again been brought Into use had
it not been for the fact that water Is low In
the peniilsula reservoirs of the Sprlnj Valley
system. -
No assurance can be given that Lobos Creek
water can be kept unpolluted. Owing to the
density of population in its watershed the
possibility of pollution must be recognized and
the danger of such pollution will continue to
Increase with the increase of population. Lo
tos Creek should not be- considered a suitable
source of water supply for domestic use. 3
The drainage basin of the creek extends as
far south as Twin Peaks. Including the entire
Alrashouse Tract, and has no visible outlet.
All the run-oft* from the upper portions thereof.
Including a limited quantity of sewage. Is ab
sorbed by the sands south of the park.
City Chemist Green stated that he
would not care to condemn the water
from the limited investigation he had
made. "On account of the presence of
nitrites," said Dr. Green, "the water is
suspicious for drinking purposes, but the
bacteriological examinations are neces
sary to determine if it is polluted. The
water of the deep water wells close to
the sea hold large solutions of sodium
chloride, the presence of which, however,
is not always due to surrounding sew
age."
Water Full of Bacilli.
City Bacteriologist Kellogg testified
that he had examined samples of the wa
ter and found that the bacilli ran about
3300 to the cubic centimeter and some
cases 7300. Some of these were the Vcolon
bacillus" shewing intestinal formation.
Kellogg stated that should typhoid ba
cillus get into the water the danger to
health would be alarmingly increased. \
Dr. H. L. Ryfkogel also made bacterio
logical examinations and corroborated
the findings of Dr. Kellogg in every es
sential detail. He said that to render
Lobos Creek water potable from a bac
teriological point of view It should be
subjected to such filtration as will re
duce the -bacteria to less than 100 per
cubic centimeter.
Attorney Kellogg of the Spring Valley
Company requested that the hearing bo
postponed In order that further examina
tion of the water could be made and that
Chief Engineer Schussler might be heard.
Kellogg would not answer a question as
to the reason why the Lobos Creek water
was utilized when, according to Schusa
ler's last report, the company had a
never-falling supply of pure water.
Chairman D'Ancona ruled that the bur
den of proof was on the company to prove
that the water, which was admittedly
contaminated, had been subjected to per
fect nitration extending over a period of
one year. Dr. D'Ancona had pursued an
independent investigation and put the fol
lowing question to the Spring Valley Com
pany's representatives, who were unable
to answer them in the affirmative:
Efficiency of Filtration.
1. Has a systematic Investigation through a
rainy season ever been mad.:- to determine if in
fact such filtration does occur, or if on the
contrary-, much of the water Is surface water
reaching Lobos Creek without filtration?
2. Has a series of analysis extending through
out an entire year been made to determine If
the efficiency of the filtration is maintained
under different conditions of rainfall throughout
the year?
3. Has a systematic series of chemical and
bacteriological - examinations been made
throughout an entire year to determine the
actual efficiency of the filtration?
4. Has a systematic chemical Analysis been
made showing positively the absence of prod
ucts and derivatives of animal digestion, putre
faction? etc.
Drs. Kellogg, Ryfkogel and Green and
City Engineer Grunsky agreed with Dr.
D'Ancona that the questions contained
the specific requirements to make the wa
ter potable. Representatives of the Rich
mond District Improvement Club urged
immediate actlon'on account of the immi
nent danger to the health of those who
drank the water which was drained
through cemeteries and Inhabited dis
tricts. They deprecated Attorney Kellogg'a
remark that the Point Lobos Improve
ment Club/ was satisfied with the water
and that they were not influenced by good
saoUve3.2
SENATE COMMITTEE DECIDES
IN FAVOR OF CANAL TREATY
Two of the flemfoers flake Objection to Certain Sec=
tions, but Do Not Vote Adversely.
WASHINGTON, Die. «5.-The
Senate Committee on
elgri Relations to-day "voted
to report favorably the new
Hay-Paunccfote treaty . pro
viding for the construction df an isthmian
canal.
The committee was In session nearly
two hours, and went over in detail the
previsions of the convention. No votea
were cast against It, but it was criticized
very sharply by Senators Money and Ba
con, who found In it many of the objec
tions which they urged against the old
COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE BATTLESHIP IOWA, WHO TOOK SUCH AN IMPORTANT PART IN MAIN
TAINING FREE TRANSIT ACROSS THE ISTHMUS OF PANAMA DURING THE RECENT REVOLUTION IN
COLOMBIA, AND A SCENE ALONG THE PROPOSED ROUTE OF THE ISTHMIAN CANAL.
treaty. They took especial exception to
the provision continuing in force the neu
trality provision of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty, and also made exception to the
clause specially authorizing the United
States to police the canal, as placing a
limitation upon the power of this country
to absolutely control it. The contention
was made that the effect of the treaty
»s sent to the Senate would be to deprive
the 'United States of control of the canal
in case of war. **
One of the Objections.
Especial attention was called to the
provision in the preamble of the pending
treaty reserving article VIII of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty from the repeal
provision of the new treaty. The por
tion of this article of the old treaty to
which objection was made reads as fol
lows:
In granting, however, their joint protection
to any such canals or railways as are by this
article gpecified it is always understood by-
I ADVEETISEMENTS.
— —
|WhatDidIt|
rft : * nc penccuon oi OjUS.ii ty in ; >
S Is what struck the tasta, ap- . jj|
tk preciatlon and approbation &
S ol the American people. jg
I;'.; ,":■; #
a *It is now everywhere the first «j»
5 "sought and the first bought. 3;
*#* *v*
J# CHBISTT * WISE OOSOHSSIOW CO., Ine. «J
d; SS3-S25CaJiro™iaSt. .San Francisco, C*L - 3!
_• Teiephoiie iimln &7S. pi
(* /patents; ij
,^£i^3SU MARKET ST. sT^SS^ '
the United States and Great Britain that the
parties constructing or owning the same shall
impose no ether charges or conditions of traffic
thereupon than the aforesaid governments
shall approve of as just" "and equitable; and
that the same canals or railways, being open
to the citizens and subjects . of the United
States and Great Britain on equal terms, shall
also be open on like terms to the citizens and
subjects of every other state which Is willing
to grant thereto such protection as the United
States and Great Britain. engage to afford.
Senators Money and Bacon did not go
to the extent of voting against the re
port of the treaty, and they acknowledge
they are anxious to see It ratified because
of their great desire to have the canal
built. Still they Insisted that the treaty
as it now stands Is very .objectionable in
case of the contingency, of. war.
Rapid Action Is Desired.
Senator Frye presided over the meet
ing, and he authorized Senator Lodge to
report the treaty to the> Senate on Mon
day next in case there should be an ex
ecutive session on that day. It was also
the sense of the committee that the con
sideration of the treaty should be pressed
as speedily as possible, in /the Senate,
some Senators expressing the hope that
action might be secured before the ad
jourriment for the holidays. The com
mittee also voted to recommend that the
Injunction of secrecy be removed from
the treaty.
Senator Bacon moved the revival of the
amendment to the original Hay-Paunce
fote treaty, which' was suggested by Sen
ator Davis, then chairman of the com
mittee, and adopted by the Senate. The
amendment provided, that nothing in
the treaty "should apply to measures
which the United States may find it nec
essary to take for securing, by its own
forces ihe defense of. the United States
and the maintenance ■ of public order."
The amendment was voted down viva
voce. ■ .,
Representative Hepburn of Iowa to-day
introduced his isthmian canal bill, which
Ly reason of his being the author of the
bill passed last year and hia probable con
tinuance at the head of the House Com
merce Committee, is considered as the
measure which will serve as a t-.sis lor
action by the House. It differs from the
Hepburn bill passed last year, in making
the total appropriation 51SO.000.000 instead
of $140,000,000. Of the -total amount $10,
000,000 la made immediately available to
begin work. In . other respects the bill
POISON TUT COFFEE
AT A WEDDING FEAST
Sixty-Five Persons Suffer Severely
but Physicians Believe All
"Will Recover.
PRAIRIE DU SAC, Wis., Dec. 6.—
Sixty-five s persons were • poisoned at the
wedding: feast at the home of John Mul
key at West Point, near, this place. It is
believed there was poison In the coffee.
Physicians were summoned from Lodi,
and after several hours' work hope was
given that all would recover. Soma.of
the coffee has been sent to a chemist to
be examined. ,
Piles Cured Witnout the Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles
No Cure, No Pay. All druggists are author
ized by the manufacturers of - Pazo Ointment
to refund money where It I fails to cure any
case o{ piles, no matter of how Ions standing
Cures ordinary case* in six days; the worse
cases In fourteen day*. One application {rives
ease and. rest. Relieves Itching. Instantly. This
is a new discovery, and Is the only p n e rem .
cdy sold on a positive guarantee, no cure no
pay. A free sample will be sent by mail to
any one sending . their f name - and addrtss
l'rice. ,E0c ir your druggist 'don't keep !♦ in
stock tend SOc in f tamps and we will tor ward
a full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. . Louis. Mo., who
also manufacture the ■ celebrated cold core
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; 7, ;l?01.
follows that of last year, authorizing the
President to acquire a right of way from
Ccsta Rica and Nicaragua, and then to
direct the Secretary of War to begin the
construction, from Greytown, on the Ca
ribbean Sea, to Brito, on the' Paclflc
Ocean, with suitable defenses, etc.
EEVOLTJTION NOT ENDED.
Wounded Insurgent ' : Leader s Tells
How Fighting Will Continue.
COLON, Dec. 6.— Colonel Barrera, the
wounded Insurgent leader, who surren
dered and wa» brought to Colon, believes
that the revolutionists , will confine fight
ing in the interior of ,the idepartment;-oC
Panama and will certainly not attack'
along the line of the Panama railroad be
fore nest March. Me declares that Gen
eral Porras, the revolutionary leader, has
about 500 men and a good supply of am
munition. Colonel Barrera considers that
practically all of the best insurgent offi
cers on the isthmus have surrendered.
No news has been received from Agua
dulce, where, it is believed, some of Gen
eral Alban's troops have attacked the in
surgent forces under General Victoriano
Lorenzo.
Captain Galloway of the British cruiser
Tribune, with General Alban, left last
evening for Bocas del Toro to settle the
trouble arising from 'the ill' treatment of
two members of the Tribune's crew by
the Colombian Government soldiers.
The Washington Club, composed of em
ployes of the Panama Railroad Company,
entertained on Tuesday evening the offi
cers and crews of all the warships In the
harbor of Colon. The Washington Hotel
was decorated with flag's of the United
States, Great Britain, Germany, France
and Colombia. . -.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.-Secretary Long
has ordered Captain Perry of the battle
ship Iowa, now at Panama, to proceed
down the Chilean coast to Talcahuano,
where the ship -is to be docked and over
hauled. He has also ordered Commander
McCree of the gunboat Machlas, at Colon;
to bring his vessel north, stopping at San
Juan, Porto Rico, on her way home, for
coal. The gunboats Marietta at Colon and
Concord at Panama will remain at their
respective stations for a time and then
they, too, will leave the Isthmus if affairs
retain their present quiet aspect. *
BRITISH ABE KILLED
IN RAID ON VILLAGE*
General Dennings Reports a Serious
Disaster to His Column in -
India. -
LONDON, Dec, 7.-A dispatch from
Allahabad to the. Exchange Telegram
Company says that General Dennings'.
column 1 from ; Jandola has been raiding
the Mahsud : villages In' Waziristan, and
has had ten men killed and 'sixteen
wounded. -
Vicksburg Goes Into Dock.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The Navy De
partment received a belated cablegram
to-day, dated November 29,- stating , that
the gunboat J Vicksburg went into dock
for the winter at Nieuchwang, China; on
that date. This information relieved' the
naval , officials of quite a ; little anxiety
felt in regard to the welfare of this' ves
sel. It Is explained that the' cable facili
ties near Nieuchwang. are very poor and
accounted for the absence of information
here as to the .Vicksburg's ". whereabouts.
Stops tie Cough.
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo
Quinine Tablets cure a told . in one day. ' No
Cure, No Pay, Price 25 cents. • .
MARTIAL RULE
IS NECESSARY
, on Affairs in the
Philippines.
Military Governor Gives the
Reasons for Guerrilla
Warfare.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The War De
partment has made public the first an
nual report of Major General Adna K.
Chaffee, military governor of the Philip
pine .-Islands. ..General -Chaffee sums up
the situation inVthe Philippines f rom= a
.military i point 'of view by., stating -.that
the provinces of'Batangas 'and .Laguna,
in Luzon, and the iislands of ; Samar. Man-;
.dora.^Cebu and Bohol, constitute the. area
ndw disturbed; by any, embodied force ot
Insurgents. says that tb v the physical
character of the country, : to the nature
of the warfare of the rebels, who are
amigo and foe in the same hour, to the
humanity of the troops, which is taken
advantage -of.. by the rebels, and to the
fear ;6f. assassination on the part of
friendiy- disposed if they give information
to the American forces is due the pro
- N lqugatioV of the guerrilla warfare.
• ", Commenting on the plan of gradually
replacing military with civil administra
tion Ueneral Chaitee says:
* "The withdrawal of interference with
'^ivil affairs does not contemplate wlth
draw^i;of the troops from their stations
to any considerable extent; on the con
trary, this should' not be done hastily and
when undertaken -should be gradual and
moro in the nature of concentration than
reduction of force or abandonment of any
considerable area of territory."
He therefore recommends mat there be
no further material reduction of troops
before January, 1W3. The governments
which are being organized— provincial and
municipal— General Chaffee says, are both
new and untried, and there Is but one
certain and reliable method of ascertain
ing the- progress of the Filipinos' in self
government,, namely, observation by. the
army*.*' On the subject of the military gov
ernment ;"of the J city of -Manila General
Chaffee 'saj's:. ;
Order Reigns in Manila.
"In the government of Manila for three
years if the military have done nothing
more it is everywhere apparent that an
excellent foundation has been laid and a
turbulent and hostile community brought
to observe the laws and individually be
orderly. This has been done without un
due harshness or severity of treatment of
the inhabitants."./- -..,,
—In anticipation of a partial concentra
tion of the troops in the Philippines next
year General Chaffee submits estimates
of cost for the construction of barracks.
He recommends that a permanent, post
be* constructed at once in the vicinity of
Manila 'for a garrison of two squadrons
of cavalry, two batteries of artillery and
two full regiments of infantry, together
with a hospital and storehouse, the whole
to be under the command 'of a brigadier
general. V He gives '$500,000 as a rough es
timate fit cost for this project and says
that $20O;0OO should be available immedi
ately in order to take full advantage of
the dry season for the construction of
permanent quarters at other points .which
may be determined upon. During 1 the
fiscal ydar ending June, .1903. he estimates
that $2,pOQ,000 .will be required: , ;
Slaughter in the Ninth.
General Chaffee devotes a good part of
his report to the terrible disaster which
befell Company, C, .Ninth Infantry, at
Balarigfga, Samarkand which,, he says,
was largely due to overconfidence in as
sumed pacific conditions and in a people
"who to a great extent as yet are strang
ers and unappreciatlve of our humane
policy j>t liberty of beliefs and actions."
*-A tabljfe is submitted, showing that since
June 10 last, the 'date of the last table
submitted .by General MacArthur, yr* to
September 15," 361 Pilipino officers and 3838
men surrendered to the American military
and twenty-six officers and 489. men were
captured. ■
In an appended report General J. P.
Sanger. inspector general of the Division
of the Philippines, in speaking of the dis
cipline of the troops in the aslnnds, notes
a commendable absence of excesses and
serious Infractions of the regulations, but
says that there is great room for im
provement in the matters of dress, ' de
meanor and show of respect in saluting
superior officers, the criticism applying to
officers as well as soldiers. ' -
Judge Advocate General Groesback says
that the suppression of brigandage in
the Philippines most probably will be one
of the trying problems of the future. If
the military arm was left free to deal
with the marauders, he says, there would
be no doubt of their final suppression, but
the Incoming of civil authority compli
cates the military situation.
Great attention is paid in appended re
ports to the subject of the prevalence of
venereal diseases in the army of the Phil
ippines and the vjgorous measures taken
to- segregate dissolute women and by rigid
physical inspection, guard against the
spread of such diseases.
With his own report General Chaffee
submits, those of the commanders of the
military departments in the Philippines
and of the heads of tlie several -staff- de-'
partments.. • •: v ■»*•?*■• ?-• '•-•'-' ■'•■ " ; ■ •• ■ :
MARCONI MAY REACH
SHIPS IN MIDOCEAN
Famous Inventor of Wireless Teleg
raphy Arrives at St. Johns
for Experiments.
ST. JOHNS, N. F., Dec. 6.— Marconi, the
Inventor of wireless telegraphy, arrived
here to-day on the Allan line steamer
Sardinian. He Is accompanied by. two
assistants and brings two portable' bal
loons, which will • be. employed in suspend
ing the wires used in making his experi
ments. Marconi will-probablv select the
signal hill overlooking St. Johns, which is
topped with the I Cabot memorial tower
and Is 600 feet high, as a site for his.sta
tion, instead of Cape Race, as previously
reported.. . ; ■ ■• ; ■ <■ • .- •
'Marconi "expects to transmit messages
for 490 miles, reaching the ships in mid
ocean. He will spend three or four weeks
in experimenting here.. He will then pro
deed'to Nahtucket, where he'wlll continue
hia tests. The Colonial Government is
affording Marconi . every . facility j n his
experiments.
Platinum in- Klondike Gold.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 6.-The man
ager of the Dominion Government pur
chasing ' assay offlce in Vancouver said
to-day that Klondike miners might aud
at least 10 per cent to the values of their
.returns, increasing by thousands of dol
lars the production of their claims, if they
saved • the platinum that was thrown
away in tailings and other ' waste. He
said that in bags of gold assayed. in hla
office there was frequently a good return
of platinum, with which the miners them
selves never reckoned and which usually
Waf thrown away. The product is worth
more, weight for. weight, than gold.
3!? H ot i -in n tfKtn
■JB\t L^ULS i ILllLOl [S t
What is the use 'of telling the rheumatic
that he feels as if his joints Were being dis-
located? ' ■ , •
He knows that his sufferings are very
much like the tortures of the rack.-
■ What he want* to know Is what will per-
manently cure his disease. ■. .';
r. That, according to thousands of grateful
testimonials, is • ... * .
Mood's Sarsaparilla
It promptly neutralizes the: acid in'the
blood on which the disease depends, com-
pletely eliminates it, and. strengthens the
system against. Ur m^rn; Trv Hood'3.
, NEW 'WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EARNY AND' WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
" modeled and renovated, KING,' WARD &
.CO. European. .plan. Booms, Me to fl 60. day;
$5 to ?8,week; $3 to $20 month. Fre« , batbt ;
not, and cold. water every room; fife grates In
t\ery room; elevator ; runs a" nlgbt.
"KING" O'KEEFE
DIES IN THE SEA
Monarch of the Kingdom
of Yap Is Reported
Lost.
Celebrated Trader Leaves
Property Worth Million
Dollars.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Dec. 6.— Mrs. Cathe
rine O'Keefe>0f. this .city received to-day
a letter ■ from Joseph Michaels of Yap,
Caroline Islands, a'dvising her of the
probable loss at sea' of her husband, Cap
tain'David B. O'Keefe,.and the fact that
he had left" property - worth probably
91,000,000.'< Michaels has ■> applied to the
American Consul at Hongkong to protect
OKeefe's property. Mrs..O'Keefe has en
gaged a law tirm here to look out for her
interests. ..-■<•
David O'Keefe was known.in the Orien
tal trade as "King" O'Keefe of Yap,
which island he virtually owned. When
O'Keefe landed at Yap, thirty years ago,
the cannibal natives thought him a demi
god on account of his white skin, and
made him their king. He built up a
profitable trade to Hongkong and owned
two barks that traded between the Caro
lines and Chinese ports.
Last June he went with copra and
other native products to Hongkong, from
which point he sent his wife in this city
a check for 51500. After leaving Hong
kong, the vessel disappeared and Is sup
posed to have teen lost in a storm.
King O'Keefe was 56 years of age and a
native of this city.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hflvertising iDStruGtiOQ
Without Best Dy a
BawYouQgESenaiifi Womsq mag Earn
Big Salaries and Business PIbq
Save Tftimfstf Dollars.
TWa Course is from the Pea "cl the Well
Known Authority, Ueorxs H. Powell.
. ■ -- ■■■■> [From "Success."!
Mr. Powell', who furnishes the • matter
for the entire series, is a man of untiring
; energy and enthusiasm, having devoted
his entire life ; .to the practical, theoretical
and". artistic study df/tlie subject. He is
conversant with the- most successful
methods emplo>5d''in the production of
effective advqrtisements, booklets and
auxiliaries which are', of valde L in secur-
ing that most desirable element known as
publicity.
Mr. Powell is to-day considered by
those best competent to judge as one of
the most skillful planners and writers of
advertising in .America. Some of his
achievements are notable.
Entering the field in 1891, he quickly
revolutionized bicycle advertising and set
a pace that was never equaled. Later he
astonished patent medicine men by dem-
onstrating- his ability to float a new arti-
cle and make it highly profitable the first
month.
Next came Mr. Powell's work in build-
ing up the advertising department of on©
of the largest woman's publications in
America, and in a year his methods added
nearly $50,000 worth of extra business, be-
sides materially Improving the quality of
the advertising. •- • •- - ►••.---•', .._-;.■.• ;
About three years ago" Mr. Powell es-
tablished himself in New York, and be-
sides making thousands of dollars from
another proprietary article of his own,
he has helped scores of others rto win
through' up-to-date publicity. <..■>"•*< !; - - :
As a counselor and planner of adver-
tising campaigns Mr. Powell stands first
among experts, and he is paid the highest
fees by scores of our largest advertisers
with whom he is in constant touch. There
isn't a week that he is not sought for In
pushing to the front stock deals or new
manufacturing enterprises.
To benefit hundreds who are anxious to
earn from $25 to $50, a week in. advertis-
ing writing, and to supply advertisers
with competent heio,,Mr. Powell will- give
free Instruction to all who take advan-
tage of the opportunity. Address George
H. Powell, llu Temple Court. New Tork.
o ~ : -;"v. — i — —- o
Have you
J||pip||t a Pipe?-
XjP?|P§|||5' We " insulate • every-
HOFF ASBESTOS MFG. GO..
„ _ .- . San Francisco,
Cup Products : 27. JESSIE
"Air cell" cover- Loa Anonlaa
ing, "air cell" lag- u IJt***'
gingr asbestos ce- 705 B. FIRST,
ments, diatomace-
ous insulators, as- '^—ggj^^vwi^il
Esti mates ' fur- 'if^^^^^^^^S
o 6
ftlTF r\ f\\l I I Corner Fourth and
I ft L L LJ 1 If ft I Market. 8. F. Try
I fl T T K I I I U I our Special Brew.
UHI L I'U IHL Bteam and **e*r-
**••• *■ « • V# IIIU Be. ■. Overcoats and
' . ' :'■■. vallspa checked f reft
DIRECTORY
; OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSESi
Catalogues and Pr lea Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE AN J PIQ 1RO.X.-"
If WII CAW & rn • SOO Battery 8tre«t.
i* W» IT lL3Un tt \AJ; ■ . Telephone Main 18M.
■;■;■■: ■;•• PRBSrl ANU SALT MEATS. :
JA^ EOVF^ it f.i BhlpplnB Butchers. 1M
JAS- CUIC3(X Wll- clay.'- Tal. Main 1294.
Oll-S. ,
LUBBICATINO OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front st, S. F. Phone Main 17W.
~~: v printinq. ~~ .;. v
LC: HUSHES, v .:,.
• • ' PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKSljUDD CO..
23 First street, San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ . J
loSOilTE~SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of s^***^^
Terr assail and as easy
to take as sugar. ■ i
1 OCC I^ITvrrSol 1 ™ 8 HEADACHE. CFF
8EE CARTERS FOR DIHWESS. *"
FOR BIUOUSMESS. rrMMIMn
GENUINE Hivfr for torpid liyer. GENUINE
i Pill £ FOR CONSTIPATION. v
U/D-ADDCD H HI FOR SALLOW SKIS. WRAPPFR
WRAPPER IroRTHEcoMPLEXioa " nArri^«
2/ cSb& I ggraly ▼egetaMe v /^^M^^wg.
"FK.IITTEID Q3ST R.E3D PAPER.",
STATEMENT
, • . . — OF.THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fireman's Fund
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the* Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and Sll of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
Amount ot Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ..-. - $l.CCO,CCO. 00
Real Estate owned by Company $563,700 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2S0.1S7 61
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,262,825 00
Amount-' of ;<oans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 181.100 00
Cash in Company's Offlce '. 14.473 07
Cash in Banks 176,032 43
Interest- due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 790 30
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8,913 34
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 460,973 Si
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 30,743 SS
"Warrants 1.238 36
Sue from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. . 8,102 03
Advances -on unsettled Marine Losses o.OTs X,
Bills Receivable 1.500 CO
Total Assets J4.C13.673 76
■ ■ ■ -,-■■. —
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 132,093 30
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 138,773 92
Losses resisted, including expenses. 5,825 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,153,362 SS;
reinsurance 50 per cent 576,681 44
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,463,-
609 40; reinsurance pro rata 744,333 SO
! Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, 123,365 47;
reinsurance 100 per cent 23,363 47
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, 814 95; reinsurance 50
per cent 68.907 47
Special deposits 14,759 53
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 61.S50 61
Marine bills payable..". 5.215 C7
Total- Liabilities „... $1,671,807 61
'■;';, ' INCOME.
Net casfi actually received for Fire
premiums '■* $1,597,492 63.
Net cash, actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ....:.".: 323,133 05
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 32.6Q9 15
Received' for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Leans, and from
all other sources ; 117.439 OS
Received for Rents.......... 27,952 09
Total Income $2,093,676 CO
'• EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $988,951 74
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 197.496 S3
Dividends- to Stockholders 120, COO 00
Paid or all awed for Commission or
Brokerage 237,30143
Paid for 1 Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 236,017 74
Paid for'. State, National and Local
taxes • (8,432 43
All other payments and expenditures 191, COS 91
Total Expenditures: $2,059,209 11
Losses incurred during the year $1,191,457 64
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ft $192,733,941 $2,318,597 26
Net. amount of Risks
-•expired during the
year 167,233,911 1,982.62143
Net amount in force 1
December 31, 1900 — 217,250,336 2,616,972 28
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
-■written during the
year. „*. $101,564,872 $862,C5030
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 103,524,793 831,06185
Net amount in force
December 31, 1900 1 4,330,425 161,180 42
WM. J. DUTTO.V, Prest.
LOUI3 WEINMANN. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day of January, 1901.
ANDREW J. CLUNIE.
Insurance Commissioner.
GONORRHEA AND URINARY SISCIAB853
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
fEHmTdy^rPiLLs
mmm
iffgria 1 ta 8 *t T s.\j char 2e y, or "y lnflti££
«£¥ Gu«»au«4 to » tlon, irritation or ulcera-
Eft—'l rment toni»iion. *|°a of ■ m u c o u r meni-
fTglTHEEvAHS ChEMXALCO. »" V No °-"trlngeat.
Steamerc G2N. FRISBIS or M0NTICI1LL3
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12^30 S ave *
Sunday. Suaday, 1 »" mwff' "-."C'P 1
cents. Telsphoi; Mil^'isoV 5 £ "V. P »" M
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
to CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated
train.
It runs over the
SANTA FE I'
Frem San Francisco, dally, 9 A. M
': Ticket Office— 641 Market Street.
OCEA2T TRAVEL. : *:T^ V
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jk . Steamers leave Broad"**/
|3hK- Wharf, San Francisco:
RjS*»si. For Alaskan ports— 11 sl. «n..
Dec 2. 7. 12, 17. 22. 27, Jan. 1.
Ii&r£i5^*3?2fc Change to company's steara-
«Vi era at Seattle.
! - F*ijSS^5*S-il For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
*a«®^^M C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
** Tacoma. Everett and . P»ew
Wbatcom (Wash.>— 11 *- m..
Dec 2 7 I* 17 22 27. Jan. 1. Chang© st Se-
P For X Eureka a (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 "p. m.. t>ec.
3 8 13 18 23 28 Jan. 35.
'For San Diego, stopplns only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Bedondo (Lo« An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Bosa. Sundays. » a. m.
Steamer State -of Cal.. Wednesdays 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crua^ Moa-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford < San
Loul^ Obispo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven- ,,
tura, Hueneme East San Pedro. San Pedro >+
and Kewport— Steamer Corona. Saturdays. 3
'For Ensenada. Magdalerja ij»r. S«n .Jom^I
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. ta Pa* •*?""» , Rot "C
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7U» ot eacn
For further Information obtain the company**
Tb« company reserves th» right to ehftng*
xteamers. railing days and hours of «atlln*
•witbont previous -poticA.
TICKET OFFICE-* N»w Montgomery
street (Palac* Hotel).
GOODA1X. rFVRKTNS & CO.. Cen. Airents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. Sk N. CO,
Only Steixnnl-ilp XjSxia *«>
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail I.'ne from Portland to a"
points East. Through Ticket* to aM
points, nil rait or steamshlo and rail, at
IiOWEST ZUV733S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BSBTBaai XS1L3.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails... .Sec. 4. 14, 2*. Jaa. 3.
BS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Nov. J9. Dec 9, 19. n
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
P. "W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Moat«*y. 3.F.
toyo mm kaisha.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
oer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. n..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and \
connecting at Hongkong with iteamcrs tor -Vd
India, etc. N» cargo received oa board oa
d<ty of sailing.
8.8. NIPPON MARTJ
Wednesday, December U. l*t
6.S AMERICA MARTI
Saturday. January 4. H01
B.3 HONGKONG MARTJ
Thursday. January SO. 1303
' Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage anprv at company's office,
i21 Market ptreet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
■XT TOBX. SOTTPHAHPTOH. 105D0IJ. Pita
Stopping- at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
St. Louts.. Dec. lSIZeeland Jan. *
Philadelphia ...Dec. 25 St. Louis Jan. IS
St. Paul Jan. li Philadelphia ....Jan. XS
HED STAR LINE;
N«w York and Antw«r»»
From New York Wednesday at 13 noon
Southward t>«c. 18 "Zeeland Jan. S
•Vaderland Dec. 25 Friesland Jan. 13
Havorford Jan. 1 Southwark Jan. S3
• 'Stooping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Paclflc Coast. JO Montgomery »t
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapors;
To Valparaiso, stoppins at Mexican. Central
and South American port*. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 ta.
CHILE (Twin Screw).. TtTCAPKT. E>ee. U
Dec TAREQtTlPA Jan. 4 v
These steamers are built expressly for Cen- Mt
tral and South American passenger s-rvlce. mr
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Frelghtfv
a 1?.??^ enK8r offlce - »1S California street.
■ BALFOTJR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agents^
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.
j^- • '. ..Saturday. Dec. 14 2 p. as.
B3. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa Auckland
-x~ and Sydney Thursday. Dec. 26. 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
. Jan. 4 '02, 10 a. m.
j. Upmiit i BROS. CO.. Smm Jigents, 327 HsrU 51
ta \ Paaangg flfflet. 8<3 Martst St.. far la. 7. PasSc «
PANAMA R, R. S S'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREH.
Cabin. $103; Steerage. JI0; MeaU Fr»«.
6. S. Argyw aaiit* Monda/. oos. 9
S. S. Leelanaw calls Saturday, tec. 21
«>. *>. Ardylt soils
Froxn Lombard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Offlce. 330 Market st.
y. F. COMXOR. Paclflc Coast Agent.
C0MPA6SI3 GEHSKA1.5 IHASSATLiNTKJDJ
UIKECT LINE TO HAVr.2-P.UtI3. ****. •
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. Crbm pl«r 42. ZXt&SSXW
th K l v er. foot of Morton street.
First class to Uav», *?u and upward. Second
cI V t 5- Havr *« WS ■"* upward. CKXEilAU
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CA.N-
ADA. tt Droadway fHudson building). New
York. .J. F. FyqASl * CO.. Paeiflo Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery " avenue. Sar. Francisco.
Tickets sold by all F.ailroaC Ticket Agsata.ROMANCE ENDS
FOR WILHELMINA
Consort Eats Too Much
Drinks Too Much
and Hunts.
Holland Queen Binds Wounr
of a Man Her Hus
. band Injured.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— A dispatch to the
Evening News from The Hague, published
to-day, says: "Peace reigns again at the
palace, and the happiest man in Holland
is Major Van Tets, who was wounded in
defense of Queen W'ilhelmina by Prince
Henry, or, as all Dutchman now con
temptuously call him 'the German.'
'•Van Tets is one of the ten noble
youths who formed the body guard of the
smiling young Queen when she was mar
ried in February, and who have been since
at their royal mistress' beck and call on
every occasion. They pride themselves on
iheir servitude, and in this matter-of-fact
twentieth century their chivalrous devo
tion to Queen Wiihelmina is a pretty thing
to see.
"It is whispered that every man of the
ten handsome youths who surround her
Majesty's carriage when she drives
abroad, skate with her when she skates,
ride with her when she riaes end dance
attendance on her generally, has been at
one time or another over head and ears in
iove with the dainty little lady in whom
-tioiiaiid's hopes are centered.
■'Official contradictions notwithstanding,
nobody at The Hague doubts for a mo
ment that the Queen and her consort have
been at loggerheads practically since the
wedding, .frince Henry is an unpleasant
person. He eats too much, drinks too
ireely, and hunting occupies him far more
than his wife. Wiihelmina, on her side, is
jjot a woman to allow herself to be neg
lected with impunity. It is said that she
stanched Van rets' wound with her own
hands and insisted on her husband beg
ging pardon of the Jonkherr as well as of
herself, before she would forgive him. All
the romance of the marriage of Wilhel
xnina and the man she herself chose has
disappeared."
I.OXDOX. Dec. 6.— A dispatch to the
Central News from Amsterdam says that
Major Van Tets died last Thursday even
ing.
rZLZGATSS DISCUSS
LAW OF PROFESSIONS
Pan-American Congress Votes on
the Question of State
Diplomas.
MEXICO CITY, Dec. 6.— The session to
day of the Pan-American conference was
taken up with a discussion of Chile's
proposition » regarding the practice of
learned professions, chiefly whether, even
if accepted, the convention would be of
any practical value. These doubts were
strengthened by the explanations of C. M.
Pepper of the United States delegation to
the effect that in his country" this mat
ter came under State legislation, over
which the Federal authorities had no con
trol.
Gil Fortoul of Venezuela asked Pepper
whether a professional diploma issued in
one of the States of the United States
was recognized in the others. Pepper re
plied that each State made its own terms
and that there was no obligation on the
part of any of them to recognize diplomas
issued in another. Gil Fortoul said that
that was really very serious and he did
not see the use of going any further.
The question was whether the delega
tions were in favor of the proposed con
vention in a general way. This being put
to a vote the convention in general was
accepted by seventeen votes. Bolivia vot
i-g adversely and Uruguay's representa
tive beins absent.
John Barrett of the United States dele
gation presented a letter from E. S. Good
win, director of the Pacific Commercial
Museum of San Francisco, asking that the
branch of the projected Pan-American
Bank be established at San Francisco,
which would enlarge trade relations of
the entire Paciflc Coast with South Amer
ica. The letter was referred to the Pan-
American Bank committee.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More Hew Pensions
Granted.
TVASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— The Postofllce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postoffice established — "Washington — Bucy
rus, Clallam County, William D. Cole,
postmaster. Oregon— Fernhill, Clatsop
County, Margaret Lewis, postmaster.
Discontinued December 21— Radec, River-
Fide County. California. Postmasters
commissioned— Oregon— Adella B. Ashen
hurst. Simnasho.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—William N. Smith, Oakland, $12; John
H. Smith, Veterans' Home, Napa, $12;
William Wachob. San Francisco, $10;
Charles Schroff. San Francisco, $S; Wil
liam Alexander, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $S. Widows— Sarah J. Martin,-Ma
dera, JS; Dora Loew, San Francisco. $8;
Ada Trowbridge, Mare Island. Vallejo, $8.
Oregon— Widows— Emily . M. Waters.
Lee, $S.
Washington— Original— Irthamer Minor,
Tacoma. 56; Richard A. Truax, Spokane
SS; Ephraim B. Stark, Soldiers' Home,
Ortir.g, $S; Henry Moll. Tenino, $8; An
drew J. Houchin. Garfield, $8; Albert H.
Barry, Puyallus, (8.
Colombia Says Kot a "Word.
CARACAS, Venezuela, via Haytian
cable, Dec. 6.— Colombia, has not yet noti
fied Venezuela of the reported rupture of
diplomatic relations between the two
countries. The Prime Minister of Ven
ezuela. Senor Velutenl. to-day expressed
his belief that Colombia had not yet an
swered the Venezuelan memorial of last
August and that this constituted proof of
Colombia's culpability in the Tachira in
vasion.
Apostolic Delegate to Depart.
LONDON, Dec. 7.-A dispatch to the
Chronicle from Rome says that Monslgnor
Sbaretti, formerly Archbishop of Havana,
and who has been appointed Apostolic
Delegate to the Philippine Islands will
shortly leave Rome for Manila. His mis
sion is to discover a modus Vivendi In
the matter of the Philippine monastic
orders.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ir^A Tale of Love and
I Adventure^
| ILLUSTRATED
1 $150
\i j^' ROBERT
f]| CHAMBERS
|^r HARPER & BROTHERS
SAVES CHILDREN
FROM THE FIRE
Heroic Father Battles
Against Advance of
Flames.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 6.— Two persons were
burned to death and ssven injured in a
fire at Carnegie, Pa., this morning. The
dead are:
MRS. SARAH KLEE, aged 43 years.
MARY KLEE, aged 9 years.
The injured are: Samuel Klee, aged 50
years; Ida Klee, aged 20; Anna Klee,
aged 17; Rachel Klee, aged 14; Eva Klee,
nged 10; Jennie Klee. aged 6; Harry Klee,
aged 4.
The Klee residence was a two-story
house on Broadway, the ground lioor
front being de voted to a grocery store
kept by .Kiee and the rest of the house
being occupied by the family.
The tire was discovered about 4:40 this
morning by the grocery clerk, Morris
Fizis. He immediately gave the alarm,
but the Hames spreaa so rapidly that. the
occupants of the upper story were shut
off trom the stairway. Klee and his wife
realized that the only way to save the
chllaren was to drop them from the win
dow, a distance of about twenty feet.
One by one the children were brought
to the front window and dropped to -the
ground by the father. All of them, were
more or less seriously injured, but all es
caped death from the flames except Mary.
By* the time Harry, the baby, was
reached, the father was almost exnaiisted
and the little one's face and feet and
hands were blistered and burned. He
was snatched from the flames just in
time and it is thought he will survive.
After rescuing his baby, the father
looked around for his wife and being un
able to locate her, he became almost dis
tracted. It seems that while the father
was rescuing the youngest and most
helpless child his wife was making an
attempt to save the life of Mary, and In
doing so gave up her own life. <
The House was destroyed. The charred
I remains of the mother and daughter were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,^ DECEMBER 7, 1901.
: ; AJVEBTISEMENTS. ' . ■._.._ • ' . .
-' .-" • '
•■ ■ ' • ' ■ ■ • '
■'■■' . ■ ' *
'• .-■-.-■ • J* ■
Manufacturer of the famous Egyptian Deities Cigarettes,
FAMOUS STOCK
FOR THE GAMES
Olympian Show in Chi
cago Will Be Well
Supplied.
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— After a spirited con
test between the friends of Portlan-i, Or.,
and Kansas City, the National Livestock
Association to-day closed a successful
convention by selecting the latter city as
the place for the next convention. This
convention will begin the second Tuesday
In January. 1903. •
Numerous speeches were made in sup
port of the claims of the rival cities for
the privilege 'of entertaining the next
convention, arid every vote was applaud
ed. The vote ended with 821 in favor of
Kansas City and 555 for Portland. It was
then made unanimous.
The only other business of the after
non was the adoption of resolutions in
connection with the Olympian games to
be held in Chicago in _1904. The resolu
tions pledge earnest support to the quad
rennial Olympian games of 1894, in Chi
cago, and declaring that the National
Livestock Association will "use its best
efforts to supply such livestock of supe
rior quality as can be exhibited or other
wise advantageously employed by the
International Olympian Games Associa
tion, ' on that occasion.
THE HAGIjE, Dec. 6.-ln the Chamber to-day
the Socialists introduced a motion instructing
the Government to take measures to obtain
with the sanction of Great Britain the re
moval of the women and children from the
concentration camps in South Africa to another
country. :
found in the ruins, side by side. Both'
had been overcome by the smoke before
they could escape from the -rooms The'
father refused to leave the house with
out his wife and child and the firemen
were compelled to forcibly carry him'
from the burning building. "
PISTOL NEAR
TO THE VICTIM
Witness in Bonine Case
Gives Important
■
Testimony.
WASHINGTON, Dec. ' 6.— During the ex
amination of Dr. "W. P. Carr, who was
called as an expert by the defense to
day in the case of Mrs. Lola Ida Bonine,
on trial for the murder of James Sey
mour Ayers Jr., counsel asked him to
give an opinion as to the relative 'posi
tions of Mrs. Bonine and Ayres when the
shots were fired. . ; .-• ■ .
District Attorney Gould said, that the
only person able to give such information
was Mrs. Bonine herself. Counsel for the
defense answered, that the detectives and
the District Attorney and his assistant,
with* their skill and. experience, had elicit
ed from the defendant at. police, head
quarters' a detailed, statement of every
fact and circumstance, and that placing
her on: the stand would adduce nothing
new. Upon this statement, he said, coun
sel based their defense.
j The court held that the question could
be asked as to the effect of the tiring pro
duced by a pistol at a certain distance
from the object, and also within what
distance the person using the pistol
might have stood in order to inflict
wounds such as were. found upon Ayers'
body. . . ■ . ; •
The witness answered that from the
nature of the wounds on Ayers' body the
pistol could not have. been held at a dis
tance greater than twenty-four to eight
een Inches from the body.
All holders . of Call. Atlas coupons
can secure Cram's Superior Atlas of
the World, 19O1 edition, by* present •
ing coupon at the business office of
ol this paper .;;•-• : -£; : v
ONE MORE JUROR
TO BE SELECTED
Eleven Men Are Sworn
to Try James W.
Brown.
ALTURAS, Dec- 6.— "With the choosing
of one more juror the State will be ready
to .proceed with the trial of James W.
Brown, the alleged leader of the mob
that lynched Calvin Hall, his three sons
and Daniel Yantis near Lookout. In all
probability this twelfth man will be
sworn to-morrow and the opening state
ments of counsel will be made on Mon
day.
Venireman Theodore Lee, during his ex
amination to-day, said that he believed
lynching to be justifiable when the vic
tims were assailants of women,; but in
such caso only. He was sworn. H. P.
Read and "W. L. Smith were both passed
after brief examinations. Read later
asked that he be excused . from serving
on the jury. Under re-examination he
said that he believed his opinion would
influence his verdict, as he believed the
defendant was guilty. Read was the first
talesman to express an opinion unfavor
able to Brown. Deputy Attorney Gen
eral Post asked for an order of court
that Read remain in Alturas as a wit
ness for the people.
/W. T. Smith was sworn to try the case,
making the ninth juror. A. F. Spicer was
passed by both sides, although he said
that he would not believe an Indian's tes
timony. C. H. Caldwell was closely ex
amined by the prosecution as to his sym
pathies with Lookout people, as he lives
near that place, and especially as to his
feeling toward Eades and Levanton, two
of the defendants, with whom he said he
was on very friendly terms. He was
passed by both sides. S. A. Billlck was
passed. He testified that he did not be
lieve in lynch law. Billlck was formerly
a guard in Folsom Prison and testified
that in enforcing law there his
term 'he was obliged with two other
guards to kill a prisoner to prevent a jail
BODY MOVES
IN A COFFIN
Appalling Scene After
Convict's Supposed
Execution.
-LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 6.— Bud "Wil
son, the convict who killed R. H. Naylor,
a guard of the Tell County Convict Camp,
last. September, was hanged to-day at
Danville. The trap was sprung at 9:45
o'clock and at 10:05 the body was lowered
into a coffin.
Before the lid was placed upon the coffin
the body began moving about. "Wilson
opened his eyes and his whole frame
shook with tremors. He was taken from
the coffin by deputies and carried up the
steps to the scaffold for the purpose of
hanging him again.
When the platform was reached the
body became rigid, remained so for a mo
ment and then became limp. "Wilson was
examined carefully by the physicians, who
finally pronounced him dead, death being
caused by strangulation.
Purchase of West Indies.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— Representative
Gardner of New Jersey has Introduced a
joint resolution authorizing the State De
partment to purchase the Danish "West
Indies, and appropriating not exceeding
14,000,000 for that purpose. The resolution
refers to the desirability of t American
ownership of these islands under the Mon
roe doctrine.
break. Billlck and Spicer were sworn to
try the case. Caldwell was peremptorily
challenged by the people.
. A. B. Ross was passed by both counsel,
but afterward' peremptorily challenged
by the defense. James Campbell and D.
E. Hill were challenged and excused, not
believing in the death penalty. J. A.
Petty's examination was not completed
when the court adjourned. .- -y"',':'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skeens Painless Stricture Curo eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from the
•tart, allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
2^o cutting, dilating, dragging or boogies. We
positively gaarantao • thorough, painless and
permanent core in every caae, and yon can
Pay When Cured.
We mean just what we say, and it costs nothing
to investlf ate. Our remedy is a direct local a>
plication to the affected ports, and 1* absolutely
harmless. Will mall is plain sealed envelope, to
any address, our interesting book, "An Honest
Talk,' 1 containing many testimonial?, also, a
CPFP 15 DAYS*
" fvCIi TRIAL TREATMENT.
D. A. SKEEH CO.122 Atlas Sank Bidg., Clnclr.natJ.Q.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S grzat^
OF ANATOMY^
§ Q") 1351 HA2Si::i. tat. 6:i47i, S.F.Cil. >
\ C The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m — ajjfcj-- World weaknesses or any contracted t)
i. VC£ 2W disease posJtl»»-lyc«redi-.y the oldest <
@ 1SS J Specialist on ihc Cout. Est 36 years. C}
6 fljBefa D3 ' JCRDAN-DISEASsS OF MEK A
A FwS Consultation free and stijctly prirarr. X
m E YV( £ M Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ ■ If it M f^***™ 9 Cur * ia e*efy case undertaken. Y
AFl 110 Write for B™',:. ?niLOSUI"aV.lii
T * (1 |l" 33AKMIACJE. MAILED FREE. (/.'/
1 (J [J, valuable book for mm) \
7 »«. JORDAN A CO.. 1031 Market St . S. F. V
XJTX DR. MEYERS & CO,
/]§P®^\ SPECIALISTS FOR ME.H.
/$Hb#-»« V Established iSSl. Con-
MY f sultation and private boo-c
I V k **£■ \ * ree at °&ce or by mau.
V / Cures guaranteed.
\s*frft7 731 xHARKET ST.
XL-fct^ SAN FRANCISCO. CAl.
Weekly CaiI,$1.00 per Year
34
BASEBALL STARS PLAY TO-DAV AT RECREATION PARK
HUNTING MEN
ANTICIPATE A
GREAT SEASON
Interest in the San Hateo
County Hounds
Increases.
Down in San Mateo County a number
of wealthy sportsmen are supporting the
San Mateo County hunt, the only pack
cf drag hounds in all the West. In the
height of the season the fields of horse
men are large and exceptionally well
mounted.
Owing to the nature of the country and
its proximity to the city it is impossible
to hunt either foxes or hares, so recourse
is had to the aniseed bag. The drag is
laid over fixed territory and leaves a
ecent which the hounds follow. To any
one who has never ridden across country
this sounds not only prosaic and com
monplace, but possibly ridiculous. If such
a man, first having learned to ride with
ease, could mount a steady, although not
necessarily a costly, horse he would find
life well worth living; be assured sound
deep, good appetite, good digestion and
be a most desirable companion
either at home or in his place of business.
The "drag" hunt is the only hunt which
can be practiced near San Francisco or
near any large city, owing to the stand
taken by some property owners who ob
ject to having their land ridden over. A
business man vvho cannot leave his office
to hunt the customary, two days a week
can readily utilize the Satursay half-hol
iday. He can easily travel by rail or
el*?ctrie car with tirae to spare b«fore the
master of the hunt calls out, "Now,
Jerry!' 1 to Keating, the clever club hunts
man. ■ - ■ --'
Most of the men who ride with the San
Mateo hounds have been educated to ride
according to some good method. As far
as hands, seat and the control of a horse
are concerned, they compare favorably
with the best riders in any country.
When the drag hunt of necessity takes
the place of fox hunting it is highly de
sirable to have the hounds well matched
in speed. A few hounds with superior
epeed help ruin eport by giving men who
"bunt to ride" an opportunity of getting
between the leaders and the body of the
pack. They foil the scent with their
steaming horses and unfairly test the pa
tience of the master of the hunt.
A little feeding on the morning of the
hunt will be found a remedy to take some
of tbe pace out of fast bound*. As for tail
hounds, they are of little account in a
run after a drag.
It is highly desirable that gentlemen
who ride with hounds would bear in mind
It Is due master, huntsman and hounds
that they should be free from all undue
Interference by impetuous members of
the hunt, who should Inform themselves
of the* etiquette of hunting. The breed
of hounds known as English fox hounds
are not as musical as some of Grau's del
icately throated operatic stars, and when
ridden over they give up their place in
the concert and instead of leading they
follow the cavalcade.
The effort is to imitate a fox hunt and
not a point-to-point steeplechase. For
the latter Tanforan" racecourse would
bftter be utilized.
The hunt means a gallop across country
of from ten to fifteen miles, with many
Intervening jumps to be negotiated. The
riders should not know in which direction
they are to be taken. Herein lies the
charm of hunting of which a writer has
Bald: "Hunting le the sport of kings, the
image of war without its guilt and only
five and twenty per cent of its danger."
The hounds follow the scent, which has
previously been laid over a zigzag line,
for which ample time should be afforded
the drag boy- One of the chief pleasures
of the sport Is watching the hounds make
their cast as they follow the scent, which
Is apparent to them alone.
The Ean Mateo County hunt will meet
to-day at Moormeads. J. J. Moore's
country place at Fair Oaks. The hounds
•will be laid on at 10 o'clock. After the
hunt the members of the fleld will be en
tertained at luncheon by Mr. Moore.
On Wednesday next the meet will be at
Laurel Creek at 2:30 p. m. One week from
to-day the meet will be at Uncle Tom's
Cabin, San Bruno.
It -takes more than paint to make an
ixtiet.
GUNMEN SECURE
SMALL RETURNS
OWING TO FOG
Ducks Keep to the Bay
and Avoid Baited
Ponds.
The dense tule fog of last Saturday and
Sunday was like a pall to the gunmen. It
spoiled the shooting for an army of
sportsmen as the news spread about after
Thanksgiving day that the marshes were
full of birds. The trains going to Alva
rado and other points along the southern
bay shore were crowded with men who
expected a good day's shoot. The birds
kept on the bay and were hidden by the
fog. The fog upset all calculations and
instead of ducks tbe shooters gathered
mushrooms, the majority returning to the
city heavily laden with this delicacy.
The reports from Suisun are the same,
none of the preserves yielding any birds.
The majority of the clubs in this district,
including the Ibis and the Teal, are said
to have had their best shooting for this
season, owing to the large quantity of
water about the marsh.
Mr. Morse of the Spooney Gun Club was
the most successful of the members who
shot over the club preserves near Mount
Eden last Sunday. He proved the best
shot of the day, getting nearly the limit.
The other members in attendance affirm
that he was lost to their sight in the fog
for a time and hint at his possibly hav
ing met a market hunter. Mr. Morse
thinks this is merely a little professional
jealousy.
Ed Kerrlson and a friend killed thirteen
canvasbacks last Sunday near Collinsville.
Down at Mount Eden Frank Schultz
killed six ducks in the dense fog. Al
Thlebaut killed 6, Max Rosenthal 19, Al
Newman 12 and Billy Farren 8.
John W. Gates, the steel trust magnate,
and his friends created the greatest stir
of the week among the sportsmen who
find pastime in handling a double-barreled
shotgun. Last Sunday "Billy" Kittle and
other members of the Country Club gave
them a pleasant day on the Marin County
preserves after quail, snipe and ducks.
On Tuesday, despite the rain, they went
to Ingleside and spent the afternoon at
the traps. One member of the party is
American amateur champion and another
has for several years shot at all the big
European meetings, so they had no favors
to ask from the local experts. Otto Feud
ner won the freeze out, but he and Haight
lost the match race, although the former
shot to form and upheld his corner of the
contest.
The visitors all possess the finest guns
to be" obtained. The majority of them
cost more than $500 each and are by, the
most celebrated makers. The trap
shooting experts of the party use the
hammer guns, preferring them to the
hammerless variety. There is said to be
less chance of a miEsflre, which would be
fatal in a tournament where men are
closely matched.
At the annual meeting of the Empire
Gun Club, held on Tuesday, the following
officers were elected for the ensuing year:
James P. Sweeney, president: ,W. O. Cul
len. vice president: J. B. Hauer, secretary
and treasurer; J. Peltier, manager; J. H.
Durst, captain; A. J. Webb, lieutenant
captain, and C. A. Bennett, sergeant at
arm*. The club is In a most prosperous
condition. The members expect good
shooting for the remainder of the season
on their preserves. The recent rains filled
the ponds, which are heavily baited. Birds
in large numbers are seen about the pre
serves daily. Early next year the trap
shooting programme wjll be arranged. It
Is intended to offer valuable prizes in both
open and club events.
Will Play "Sport Vasco."
Eder Jai, the royal Spanish handball
sport, has been transplanted to Central
Park. Market street, near Eighih, where
games will be played this afternoon at 2
o'clock. The participants are all experts,
who have come here from the City of
Mexico. They are marvels In dexterity
and agility. There Is as much danger con
nected with the sport as there 1s with bull
fighting and it is of absorbing interest.
T.IMA, Peru. Dec. «.— The Chamber of Depu
ties yesterday functioned the gold standard law
which has already passed the Senate
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1901.
STARS OF THE EASTERN BASEBALL FIELDS WHO WILLrtJPLAY THEIR
FAVORITE POSITIONS THIS AFTERNOON AT RECREATION PARK IN A
GAME WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO TEAM.
EASTERN MEN
WILL MEET THE
HOME TALENT
Whalen Selected as the
Pitcher to Face the
Visitors.
The All-Americas and San Franciscos
will open the winter series at Recreation
Park to-day. Great interest has been
aroused in these games, as, notwithstand
ing the fame of the visiting ball tossers,
there are many stanch admirers of the
Californian champions, who expect to see
them astonish the high salaried stars.
The Ail-American team is composed of
the flower of the American Association,
and is one of the heaviest hitting aggre
gations that could be assembled. There
is scarcely, a man in it who has not^a
batting average of over .300, and there are
also among them some famous fielders.
Lajoie is perhaps the most distinguished
of the visitors, but he does not rank far
ahead of such men as Irwin, Barrett and
Davis. As the fans have had their cu
riosity aroused by reports of the wonder
ful .performances of these men and as
they . hope, .to . see them pressed to their
best -endeavor by the home team, there
will-undoubtedly be overflow houses at
,the ball grounds. Whalen will do tht
twirling for the Wasps to-day. Iburg.
whose reputation as a pitcher has trav
eled to the Atlantic coast, will do the
box work to-morrow.
-The line-up for to-day's game is as fol
lows: . -..■-. ..
Sari Franciscos. Position. All-Americans.
Wilsim..: 1. ...... Catcher Sullivan
Whalen. Pitcher ...Bernhard-Fraser
Pabst First base Davis
Krug- Second base Lajoie
Reilly Third base Bradley
Shay Shortstop Irwin
Hildebrand Left field Barrett
Nordyke Center field Pickering
Schwartz Right fleld Mercer
Handball Champion Will Play.
James Fitzgerald, the handball cham
pion, will double up with M. J. Kilgallon
to-morrow at San Francisco handball
court. They will play J. C. Nealon and
Al Hampton. The other matches will bs
between:
-M. Joyce and D. Connelly vs. "W. Williams
and C. La kin; E. Barry and M. Kirby vs. D.
Kesan and P. Tala: W. Walsh and W. Kav
anaugh vs. H. H. Lissner and J. Brady: M.
Dillon and G. Hutchinson vs. W. Kelly and A..
Pennoyer; W. H. Sieberst and M. McLaughlin
vs. P. Ryan and J. J. Canavan: Ed White and
E. A. Whiteman vs. J. Glynn and R. Reerlk; J.
Harlow and E. Curley vs. J. Rlordon ancfE.
Maloney; J. White and W. Maguire vs. J. Col
lins and R. Murphy.
The handball games scheduled to be
played at the Occidental Athletic Club to
morrow are as follows:
F. Robertson and J. H. Kennealy vs. C. John
eon and V.- Hayes; W. Gainey and V. Holland
vs. W. Reiily and George Kelly; F. Holland
and B. Clark vs. T. R. Creely and R. Donovan;
A. Woelfel and Dr. F. Staptf vs. Dr. N. Wach
horst and C. Orr; T. J. Lydon and W. Fisher
vs. Dr. R. Lonserbach and E. J. Murphy ;,G.
B. Hay ward and J. Condon vs. J. D.Mahoney
and E. Antron; W. Collins and Charles Barry
vs. J. Walsh and T. Clements. .
Max Wiley Seeks a Match.
Max Wiley, the clever little wrestler,
who made so favorable an impression in
a number of bouts at the Olympic Club,
will be in this city about the 15th inst.
He is anxious to arrange a match with
any 135-pound man on the. coast. He can
be addressed at 417 Mason street.
To-Day's News I#etter.
Peter F. Dunne, the famous author of
the Dopley letters, is in town, and the
News Letter has some very interesting
gossip about him in its Looker On de
partment, which also contains a lot of
other Interesting gossip. Ben C Tru
man has a second installment of his
entertaining "Romance of Benedictine,"
and there is a historical account of. the
first theatrical performances here. In
the "Limericks," the News Letter's new
department, some exceedingly amusing
verses appear. The Town Crier shows
that he has not forgotten how to casti
gate wrongdoers, and Betsy Bird, in her
"Mere Gossip," tells a lot of things tnat
no one suspected. The editorial depart
ment is unusually forceful and timely. *
Morgan City Insurance Case.
The most, interesting witness yesterday
in the United States Circuit Court in the
case of the Ladue Gold Mining and De
velopment Company against the * Frank
fort Marine Insurance Company was
Captain William B. Seabury. The cap
tain testified that he had recently seen
the wreck of tbe Morgan City and that
it would probably continue to be seen in
the same place for some years to come.
This testimony was drawn out incidental
ly as tending to show that there was a
probable salvage for the underwriters.
The remaining witnesses were R. J.
Tyson and Nathan Frank. The trial will
be resumed this morning. .
Charles Sutro Left Large Estate.
The estate of Charles Sutro has been
appraised at $141,266. The. report of the
appraisers, which was filed yesterday,
shows that the brother of Adolph Sutro
left an estate consisting of stocks, bonds,
mortgages and real estate valued at that
amount. Most of : the real estate Is lo
cated in this city. • . ■
Old subscribers to The Call are en
titled to the privilege of securing a
copy of Cram's Superior Atlas of the
World upon payment of $1 50, the
premium rate.
BIG WINNINGS
OF PALO ALTO
IN COURSING
Eugene Geary's Phenome
nal Greyhound Heads
the List,
George McE. Malcolm, secretary of the
California Coursing Committee, has com
piled some ihteresting coursing statistics
for volume 7 of the American greyhound
studbook. The book is in the hands of
the printer and will be ready for distri
bution within a week.
A prominent feature of this year's vol
ume and one that will be of interest to
leashmen, is a carefully prepared list of
winning: sires. The data comprise not
only the records of local sires, but those
of noted dogs from every coursing park
in America, whose get reached first or
second place in authorized meetings.
The late Emin Pasha, J. H. Rosseter's
celebrated- greyhound, heads the list of
winning sires. During last season the
get of the celerbated courser figured
twenty-five times as stake winners and
gave to their -sjre a record far In ad
vance of any other dog in America. These
winners • were out of twelve successful
dams. Hs> ... , ■ _■ ■
St. Lawrence is second on the list with
seventeen winners out of eight dams;
Skyrocket third, with eight winners out
of five dams: For Freedom fourth, with
eight winners out of five dams, and Bor
der Ruffian fifth, with seven winners out
of five dams. Caliph, the sire of Mon
soon, the winner of this year's Ameri
can Waterloo at St. Louis, figures weli
up on the list.
For Freedom holds first place on the
list of sires of winning puppies, with
five of his get out of two dams to his
credit. WildvTralee and Glen Ayr, a St.
Louis stud dbg, come next, with three
puppies out of one dam credited to each.
St. Lawrence is fourth, on the list, with
two puppies out of two dams as winners.
In the matter of individual'perform
ances Eugene Geary's phenomenal
greyhound Palo Alto again lays claim to
championship honors and makes good
with eight stakes won and second place
in four events.
The fact that the champion has per
formed in high class events and has
competed for laurels with the best cours
ers in the running in his past two sea»
sons of supremacy adds a luster to his
record and classes him as the wonder of
the coursing world. . ,
In giving credit for second, place on the
list of individual performances the rec*
ords are left to speak for themselves.
In the number of winning stakes D.
Walsh's Sacramento Boy figures a point
below Palo Alto, but this record was not'
made in stakes of the class In which
Geary's courser was forced to compete
in his struggle for the season's honors.
One of Sacramento's victories was his
defeat of Beacon in the final of the John
Grace Challenge Cup stake In a hotly
contested course that has gone on record
as one of the best ever witnessed on a
coursing field.- Another was in a class
event, but the remaining five were in up.
country stakes, principally at Sacra
mento, and admittedly not of the stand
ard of the events at the local park.
Jimmie Anthony has six stakes to his
credit, but his winnings, too, were from
performers that are not stars of great
magnitude, and were on outside Jields.
Sylvanus closed the season under similar
conditions, with five winning brackets.
Wedgewood has figured as final flag-get
ter in five events, all in fast company.
Little Sister has four victoricc to her
name, Mayflower four, Flying Fox three,
SIsquoc three and a like number of sec
ond place winnings.
Curtis' Flying Fox and ' Narcissus
showed through the season as winners
whenever they reached a final, and Sterl
& Knowles' uleta has earned a similar
record. Beacon has figured but^once as
•a stake winner and once as runner-un
That fact will give his admirers who
have classed him above Palo Alto some
food for thought.
' In the number of stakes won by get
of sires Emin Pasha again leads with
41 entries; St. Lawrence follows with 32,
Skyrocket 11, Border Ruffian 9 and
Royal Flush, the one-time record hold
er, figured twice in finals during last
season.
OPPOSED TO FAKE FIGHTS.
Licenses Will Hereafter Be Issued
Only to Bona Fide Clubs.
The members of the Judiciary and Po
lice committees of the Board of Super
visors placed themselves on record yes
terday as being opposed to fake fights.
A, resolution was adopted increasing the
license tax of $1200 a year to $2500 upon
al Lbona fide athletic clubs to hold boxing
exhibitions next year. , ■
Chairman Reed said the attention of
the Chief of Police should be officially
called to th« fact that all so-called ath
letic clubs which are promoting prize
fights and not athletics should not be per
mitted to hold fistic • exhibitions, even
though they have paid the annual license
tax. '
Supervisor Comte favored an annual
license of $10,000, but this was deemed ex
cessive and might prevent competition.'
Supervisor Stafford thought $2500 a'rea
sonable sum, and in his opinion would
prevent the "Eastern men" from invad
ing the field as in the past.
The resolution adopted provides that
hereafter no license will be granted to
any but bona fide athletic clubs having
gymnasiums and other paraphernalia Be
longing thereto, together with a bona fide
membership list. ' '
VIENNA, - Dec. 6.— A dispatch to the Xeu
Frei Presse from Constantinople says the Aus
tro-Hungarian Vice Consul at Smyrna, Herr
Haller. was flred at and wounded November 29
by a< customs guard attached, to the tobacco
excise administration, • • . . . - .
RIVAL BOXERS
ARE READY FOR
A HARD FIGHT
Heagerty and Lavigne Ex
pected to Show a
Bustling Bout.
Kid Lavigne and Tim Heagerty are
ready for their fifteen-round bout which
takes place before the Acme Club, Oak
land, next Thursday night. Both light
weights are reported in excellent condi
tion for the battle and a lively bout is
expected. Lavigne will be the favorite
in the betting. The several good battles
the great little man oi lists from Sagmaw
has put up in this city make nira popu
lar here. . JLavigne's long rest irom xne
nghting game and his temperate habits
have maue a new man of him, and tnose
who have seen him work at nis training
quarters down at Bianken's say he win
snow his old-time form.
The resuit ot this contest means much
to .Lavigne. If he succeeds In polishing
ott tne sturdy hgntweignt cnarnpiun ot
Australia ana shows again the lightning
speed he possessed betore he took his
hrst step aown tne ladaer of pugilism
I^avinge will go alter Erne. Lavigne was
tne greatest lightweight nghting machine
the world ever saw. Constant training
impaired his speed and he had to lay oft.
Lavigne's trainers say he is in better
shape now than when he fought Erne
and McKadden in the East Tne Kid Is
confident he can defeat the fighter from
the Antipodes. He says he was never in
better condition, except the time he
trained out here tor his famous fight with
Waicott.
"I feel strong and expect to win easily,"
cays Lavigne. "I am not underrating
Heagerty, however. I have studied his
record. He has beaten some good men.
A number of people in the East think I
can never regain my old form, but I v. Ill
prove I can. . I have taken excellent care
of myself for a year past and will go into
the ring fit to do myself justice."
Heagerty is in excellent condition to
make n»s debut as a fighter in this coun
try. His trainers realize that Lavigne is
perhaps the most formidable man in the
lightweight division, and they are leav
ing no stone unturned to get their man
In shape for the fight.
Considerable interest is being evinced
in the possible outcome of the clash be
tween the lightweights both here and in
the East. * Lavigne was disappointed at
the defeat of Terry McGovern. Had
Terry won he promised Lavigne the next
chance at 128 pounds. Lavigne is much
lighter than when he was on the coast
before and says he can make that weight
nicely. _
The fight will be held in the Exposition
building, Oakland. A large number of
boxing enthusiasts - from this ; city will be
at the ringside. The majority will leave
on the 7:30 p. m. narrow gauge boat. Jack
Kitchen, the official referee of the Acme
Club, will be the third man in the ring.
, Alex Greggains has secured two inter
esting bouts as preliminaries to the meet
ing of Gardner and Carter in Mechanics'
Pavilion on the 20th lnst. Toby Irwin
and Arthur Granfield will box ten rounds
and Billy Snailham and Tommy Gilfeath
er will go the same distance. The latter
bout is for the feather-weight champion
shin of the coast.
Carter is said to be in rugged form.
The "dope book" men will find difficulty
in figuring a winner. Gardner defeated
Carter decisively, although the latter
claimed he was below" weight. Gardner
was defeated by Walcott and Carter In
turn made Walcott strike his colors.
Jim- McDonald will referee the fight. .
Dave Burns, the clever Olympic 'Club
feather- weight boxer, who was severely
injured while training recently. Is rap
idly recovering. Burns was confined to
his bed nsa result of the injury for over
two weeks. ■
Alameda to Play Signal Corps.
The game of football between elevens
representing. the Signal Corps and Alame
da, postponed from Thanksgiving day,
will be played this afternoon at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, at 2:30 o'clock. The
teams have been carefully coached by
such experts as "Jack" Rithet. George
Cadwalader and Douglas Erskine and a
good contest is expected. George Dins
more and Robert Sherman will be the offi
cials. The'teams will line up:
Signal Cotp«. Positions. Alameda.
Grant ..U E. R Bardwell
Hooper L. T. R B. Colburn
Bacon. .............L. G. R Jacobl
Mel...... ....Center... Siegfried
Hyde R. G. L, Murdoch
Bray :R. T..L. R. Colburn
Johnson... ..R. E. L. Hamilton
Jones..'.: ...Quarter .' Pond
Webber. ..L. H. B. R. .....Thomas
Bain...... R. H. B. L Bird
Hamilton... ..Full.: .........'.... Allen
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Judge Newborger de
nied to-day the motion to dismiss the Indict
ment against Roland B. Molineux for the mur
der Of Miss Katberlne J. Adams. ...
GOODALL CUP
THE OBJECT OF
GOLFERS' ENVY
First Match for the Valu
able Trophy To-Day
at Oakland.
On the Presidio links the competition
for the Council's cup is dragging its
weary way along, the second or semi
final round having been reached. It
seems likely the final round will be be
tween John Lawson and H. C. Golcher.
The latter has. been playing a strong
game and for some weeks past has lost
scarcely a match.
No arrangements have been made yet
with regard to the home and home
matches between teams of the San Fran
cisco and Oakland Golf clubs, and it is
not likely the first of the meetings will
take place before the end of the month.
No agreement has been reached as to the
number of men to be included in the
teams, but it is the desire of both cap
tains to make the teams as large as can
satisfactorily be done. It is not unlikely
that they may consist of a dozen men
each. The Oakland team will be chosen
from the following: Ernest R. Folger*
W. P. Johnson, F. S. Stratton. R. M.
Fitzgerald, C. P. Hubbard. J. O. Cadman.
D. T. Be'.den, A. H. Higgins. Arthur
Goodall. J. H. Ames, G. S. Wheaton, T.
R. Hutchinson, J. A. Folger and C. M.
Gayley.
The play in the first competition for
the Goodall cup to-day will give Captain
Orestes Pierce a good idea of the number
of men who may safely be counted on aa
representatives of the Oakland Golf Club.
The contest will be over thirty-six holes,
medal play. In order to get it finished
this afternoon the first couple will be sent
out at noon, the others following aa
quickly as possible. Owing to his excel
lent performance in the contest for the
Mud Lark cup en Thanksgiving day R.
M. Fitzgerald will find himself without a
handicap to-day, though on the holiday
he received ten strokes from E. R. Fol
ger, F. S. Stratton and W. P. Johnson.
Heavy ground suits his style of play, and
he should make a good score this after
noon. W. P. Johnson did not hand in so
good a score on Thanksgiving day as
might have been expected, as he waa put
off his game by having to wait in the
rain while a player preceding him took
sixteen strokes to make the eighth hole.
Though none of the ladies handed in their
scores on Thanksgiving day, some ■went
around the course. Some will appear in
the contest this afternoon. With no hand
icap exceeding eighteen, however. It is
hardly possible for a- lady to come out
high in the competition. The struggle
will be among the scratch men, one of
whom is almost certain to prove the win
ner. To become his permanent property
the handsome trophy must be won twice
by the same golfer.
It is to be hoped that some contests
may take place between class B men of
the San Francisco and: Oakland Golf
clubs, as such trials of strength tend to
interest several players who would not se
cure a place on the first team and yet
are enthusiastic golfers. Plenty of ma
terial to make up second teams can be
found In both clubs.
The contest for the Foster cup, now
held by F. B.Findley, was to have been
held on the Fort Baker links. Sausalito.
on Thanksgiving day, but was postponed
on account of the rain and the heavy
condition of the roads leading to the
course. It will be held on the first day
on which the course is in fair condition
and the players can meet.. The military
establishment at Fort Baker Is expected
to help the Sausalito Golf Club materially
as several officers will be quartered there'
Most of them will be likely to take ui>
golf as a means of recreation. The too
luxuriant grass on the Sausalito course is
now being kept down by a flock of sheep
the continual passing of which tends to
level inequalities. It haa been found
however, that the thin sward of Califor
nia Is not so well adapted to sheep as the
deep turf of moister regions, as the feet
of the animals tend to make holes the
turf hot possessing enough resistance
"Willie" Smith, with his brother Alex
ander Smith, and David Bell, are on their
way to California, where the three will
spend the winter. "Willie" at the Hoti
Green, Pasadena; "Alec" at Coronadn
Beach, and Bell at Santa CataUna isl
and. Baxter, a clubmaker at the Midlo
thian Country Club, will assist "Willie"
Smith, and Martin, another Midlothian
clubmaker. will join Arthur Rigby at Loa
Angeles. Willie Anderson, open champion
of the United States, -will shortly eom«
out to California to take up a position".!
the Hotel Raymond. Pasadena ThJ
Smith brothers H 1 } and Anderson are
all well known in this State. Willie Smith
keying won the open championship of
California on his visit here last winter
Bell was unlucky enough to break hi.
ankle toward the end of his stay in Call
fornia and was unable to play golf dutlnr
a great part of last season. s
TENNIS COURTS
ARE IN DEMAND
AT ALL TIMES
Inclement Weather Does
Not Dampen Ardor
of Players.
The inclement weather, instead of caus
ing a falling off in the attendance on the
local tennis courts, seems to have in
creased the desire of the experts to play.
As a result when the courts are dry the
players are out in force. The lower class
enthusiasts, who are mostly boys Just
learning the game, are enthusiastic and
are at practice every day the -weather
permits. Most promising of these players
are: J. G. Gibaon Jr.. Harry Gorham,
Herbert Schmidt and Ben Wood. Gorham
and Gibson play a remarkably strong
game and have an excellent style. They
will undoubtedly be heard from shortly.
Schmidt, who has not played for several
years, recently took up the game. He Is
one of the most graceful players in the
club and has pretty strokes, but lacks am
bition and seems to have no desire to win
any of his matches. When he overcomes
this indifference he will surely Xorge to
the front rapidly.
As was expected. Harry Wiehe. the
Stanford crack, and Grant Smith won the
scratch doubles tournament held last
Sunday. Collier and Crowell were the
only other team that had a chance and
they gave a good account of themselves in
the finals^ Smith and Wiehe had never
played together before and their joining:
forces was in the nature of an experiment.
They are probably the best two in the
first class. It was thought they would
make a stronger combination than Smit>
and.JMacGavin, winners of the all-comersj
but those who witnessed their play are
satisfied the latter make a much stronger
team than Wiehe and Smith. Wiehe
plays a better volley game than Mac-
Gavin, but the latter is much stronger at
lobbing. The success of Smith and Mac-
Gavin is due greatly to their ability to
lob, at which style of game they are ex
pert.
The Wood brothers caused a genuine
surprise on Sunday by beating 1 Kuehn
and Gibson, two of the best men in the
third class. The Woods are fourth class
men, but are rapidly coming to the front
as a team and will bear watching in fu
ture handicap events.
The tennis players of the University of
California are already practicing con
stantly and look to be sure winners In the
next Intercollegiate games. The Stanford
men are at a disadvantage, as the courts
at that place are not fit to play on. Stan
ford is badly in need of some good courts
and until they are built she will not cut
much of a figure in tennis. The Stanford
men can get no practice, as local players
will not play on their courts. Berkeley
has but one court, but It Is a first-class
one. while Stanford's four are In fact not
courts at all.
There will be a handicap doubles tourna
ment for the Davis cups to-morrow. The
present holders are Chet Smith and James
Code. Other teams that will compete are:
Collier and Crowell. Hunt and Cornell.
Kuehn and Gibson, Gorham and Erskine.
P. Collier and Powers. Parker and Gard
ner and the Wood brothers.
The biggest tournament of the year is
being planned for Christmas day. It will
be a class singles. The tournament will*
be started on the Sunday before Christ-^
mas and as much of it finished as pos
sible. The finals will be played on Christ
mas.
CHIEF WTTTMAKT MAY BE
CITED FOB CONTEMPT
Kef uses to Honor Order of Polica
Judge to Deliver Slot
Machines.
The owners of the nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines seized by order of Chief Wlttroan
because they were used for gambling: pur
poses and which the Chief intends to de
stroy by virtue of the power conferred by
the charter seem determined to fight the
matter in the courts. The grocers and
saloon-keepers who have pleaded guilty
and have been fined by Judge Cabaniss
have received orders from the Judge for
the return of the machines, but as previ
ously intimated the Chief refuses to de
liver them. The Chief is anxious that the
Judge should cite him for contempt of
court for having declined to honor the
orders, so that the question could be defi
nitely decided by the Supreme Court.
The five grocers aad saloon-keepers who
were arrested ThuT-,day for having illegal
nicnel-ln-the-slot machines on their prem-L
ises appeared before Judge Cabaniss yes-T
terday morning. Their rames ar« Patrick
Donnelly. John J. Galvin, John A. Brodle.
Bartley Caffery and J. D. Friedman. Gal
vin pleaded not guilty and his cas.e was
continued till December 10. The others
pleaded guilty and were fined to each.FAVORITES ARE BOWLED OVER AT OAKLAND TRACK
BIRKENRUTH TAKES A TUMBLE
PILOTING ONE-EYED SUGDEN
.Sir Lewis Outfoots the Speedy Muresca, Winning
Handily — Buchanan First on Waterscratch.
JUST at this stage of the game
Birkenruth is experiencing more
trouble at Oakland track than a
hobo trying to break Into an
"empty" among one of the east
bound freights out of Sacramento, Only
Thursday Louis Ezell's promising light
weight earned a fifteen-day vacation on
the ground for causing a mixup at the
Hr&t turn, and yesterday Sugden fell with
him on the far turn. It occurred in the
last race and the intrepid youngster es
caped with a coating of mud about two
feet thick. He was mounted on Sugden,
the heavily played 2 to 1 favorite for the
last race, and was lying third to Gusto
and Ben Ledi when the horse stepped in
a hole and went down. The mishap oc
casioned much sorrow among the already
thoroughly subdued talent. The event
■went \o Gusto, which breezed in before
Ben Ledi at odds of S to 1, with Hoar In
saddle.
The track was dry, sticky and slushy In
spots, and some of the fields resemoled
pool balls on a table, so scattered were
the starters as their pilots. endeavored to
pick the better footing. Altogether it was
a most trying day on ■■ bettors and their
finances, as all six < favorites were
knocked down. Only one real rank out
sider stepped in, the other five purses
falling to second and third choices.
While the maiden two-year-old event
looked a good thing for Budd "Wade,
which was Installed a 4 to 5 favorite, the
Schxelber entry again failed to - land.
Cathello, the Burns & Waterhouse cast
off and 9 to 1 in the ring, won by a
length. The favorite was ridden out to
bea Rosarie for the place, '
Bedner, which Frank Doss purchased
Eome time ago from P. Ryan, took the
live and a half furlong sprint for all
ages at odds of 5 and 6 to L Edinborough
led almost to the wire, when under Bull
man's vigorous riding, Bedner collared
and beat him a neck. Nellie Forrest
came from far back, finishing a good
third.
A mixed bunch of starters In the third
number finally saw Alzura go to the post
a mild favorite. She displayed no decided
fondness for the track, finishing unplaced.
Buchanan on the two-year-old ■Water
scratch rode a well judged race, beating
out the 15 to 1 shot Parsifal two lengths.
Quadra "showed."
There probably never was a more lucky
horse than Imperious. . At the start of
the mile selling run Merops, the favorite,
"bucked," losing a dozen lengths or more.
This gave Matthews on Imperious an op
portunity to steal away, and when it came
to the closing argument, the old fellow
lasted long enough to beat the first choice
out half a length. But for his display
of temper Merops would have won hands
down. Alicia made a poor showing, fin
ishing a trashy third.
Lightened by several pounds from her
previous race Muresca. came very close to
landing the three-quarter selling sprint
Not that she was best, for Sir Lewis al
ways held her safe, only Larry Daly on
the latter nearly tossed it off through
overconfidence. As it was. Sir Lewis got
the verdict by a head. Colonial Girl had
s=uch a string of followers that she closed
favorite,- but never got near the firing
line.
Track Notes.
J. T. Woods was suspended for a. week,
because of getting left at the post on
Floronso Thursday.
Jesse Matthews, who rode Imperious,
was assessed $50 by the judges for rough
riding. He carried wide and bumped
Hoar astride Merops.
J. W. Gates, the Chicago millionaire,
was the guest of President Williams at
the clubhouse yesterday.
"Willie Buchanan rode his first winner at
the meeting in Waterscratch. He was
badly winded after the race, plainly show-
Ing that he is not yet In tiptop condition.
Cathello brought $275 at the Burns &
\Vaterhouse sale and won first time out
for her new owners.
Abba L is a light mare and failed to
Ehov/ to much advantage in the going.
The card to-day at the track across the
bay is one of the most attractive of the
season. The track will be in fairly good
condition and the Burlingame selling
stake ought to furnish a brilliant contest.
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows:
First Race— One mile; selling; three-year-olds
and upward:
SnPlohn 103 2S32 Ringmaster ....109
230S Alas 109 2818 Romany 103
2100 Sidelong .......109 2918 Lost Girl .109
2S33 First Shot ....103! 2837 Helen Smith. ..100
Second Race — Futurity course; selling; two
year-olds:
£510 Com. Forster...llS, 2S37 Royalty 115
2929 Dr. Scharff ...118 <2934)Nonle 115
2S06 Montoya 118! Landseer 115
C*26iEvan<:er li;| 2916 M. Timberlake.113
2t'10 Hainault 1151
Third Race — Five and a half furlongs; purse;
three-year-olds and upward:
23^ Frank Bell ....117i .... Nellie Holton..ll0
2S94 Hilee HCl(28S4)Meehanus 120
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; the
ARIEL ROWING
CLUB SELECTS
NEW OFFICERS
Dolphins Will Dine Al
Fresco on Arcadia
Island.
At the regular meeting of the " Ariel
Rowing Club on Monday night the fol
lowing officers were elected to serve for
the ensuing year: President, Charles Wil-
Fon; vice president, E. L. Smith; financial
tecretary, Eugene Flanders; correspond
ing secretary, X. A. Denoir; captain, W.
M. McGee; lieutenant captain. Matt
Brady; members of the boara of directors
— R. M. Ellis. W. T. Howe, G. T. McGin
niss, R. D. Collins and W. F. Ross; dele
gates to the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union — £. J. Lynch A.
- W. Taylor and H. F. Lester. E. J. Lynch
will represent the club on the board of
managers of the Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Association.
The report of the entertainment com
mittee showed the masquerade ball in
Saratoga Hall was fairly successful and
netted something for the building fund
There are already several hundred dollars
In the building fund and work will be be-
Kun on the new boathouse early next
year. The secretary of the Harbor Com
missioners states that the club is almost
certain to have the site formerly selected
for a boathouse reassigned to it. It is
hoped to have the boathouse ready in time
for crews to train for the championship
races of 1302. The members are enthusi
astic and the club is in a good financial
condition. ■:.. '
The Pioneer Rowing Club, has suffered
a serious loss. The boats and otner
equipment were housed temporarily in a
Fmall shed near Long wharf. This was
broken . into by bay pirates and all the
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
feo'.d all over the world
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Friday, Dec. 6.— Weather fine. Track muddy.
2!)3S. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
• ! j T-, j . ■ ■- '. ~~ ~ Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight. (St. H- %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2S90 Cathello 107 3 12 11 12 1 1 J. L. Clayton & Co..Faunt I 4 8
2926 Budd Wade 107 5 3 2 2% 22' 2 4 B. Schreiber J. Woods ' 6-5 4-5
2878 Rosarlc .107 4 42 41 31 36. P. Ha wley .......Buchanan 3 7
2926 Major Bird 110 12% 32 41 44 W. E. Cotton Hoar 4 5
2926 Ltllle Dale :..1O7 6 51 56 3 8 " 5 15 Liberty Stable. ..Birkenruth 5 6
2932 ' Duke of Rlchelleu.107 2 6 6 6 6 H. Gottung L. Daly 15 30 "
Time— 3-16. :19%; %, :26»4; %." :54%; 5%f. 1:14. Good start.' Won "easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. L. Clayton & Co.'s b. t. by Altamax-Sweet Faverdale. Favorite had no .
• excuse,' being simply outfooted. Major Bird a very cheap' one. ' ■ ■ - ; ■'
2030. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
' •.'.•' T ■-.- '■• .-, - ~~j " •., .1 •••-(• "■ - v ~~ : I Betting. .
Index.] Worse, Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. -Cl.
2S1S Bedner. 3 110 1 6 1 4 1 3 1 In F. W. Doss .'...Bullman 4 4 .
(2921) Edinbdrough. 4 ....122 2 , 1 3 1 2 »1 1 2 1 WVH: KetchemarK.Mathws 7-5 3
2927 • Nellie Forest. 3.... 114 10 93 6V4 2% '36 W. P. Magrane <& Co.Buch 4 • 6i
2866 MacFlecknoe. 4....111 62h 2% 4^i 44 Green & Henry.... J. Woods 8 -7 =
2928 Afghan, a Ill 3 3h 3 1 6 V 2 5 % C. Lind ..Bozeman 6 . 10
•2909 Billy Lyons. 3 106 5 10 9 171 6 1 Hennessy & Co. ...A. Kelly 40 130
2S66 Lou Clieveden, 4...U9 8 72.51 81 7 4" J. L. Rector.... ..O'Connor 5 8
2836 : . Aphrodis, 3 ........114 4 6 >,4 8 2 9*4. 8 5. J.H. Simpson. :..Winslette 40 60 -
■2S:S-^Abt>a-L,3.. „...■•.. .114 7 ■ 4 H ' 7 2 ■ 5 1:- 9 6 B. A. Chileon. ... i.....H;6ar 4 5
, Win. Boyer, 3 114 9 8 n 10 10 10 Fred Hancock... Fa*untleroy 40 30
Time— M, :13%; U :25^; %, :52Vi; %, 1:12. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, F.
W. Doss 1 b. c. by Sabine-Starlight. Edinborough was tiptoed ■ from the start, tiring near
the close. Bullman on Bedner put up a very vigorous ride. With • any luck at the start
• Nellie Forest would have won. MacFlecknoe did not seem to rellsli the going. Afghan is im- •'
' proving. Abba L a very light piece of hardware: "Scratched — Uppercrust 111.
294O.^ TIIIRD~RACE^Futurity^^ourseTseilingrall ageTTvalue~to .first, $3257?~~~~" ~^T~~~
j ~T~~- I : -: ■ . ■■' " .-."■. ■■ . ■.:- ~~~~T . Betting.
Index. Horse, : r Age, . Wt. St. %. %. Str.; Fin. .' .Owner; and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2920 Waterscratch, 2.. ..102 3 il% 2 % 2 2 : 1 2 "■ G. Summers & Co..Buchan 3 9-2
2?09 Parsifal, 3 113 5 51 l'l In 2 3 J' D. Fitzgerald....... Prior 8 15
2920 CVadra, 2 102 4 31 31 33 36 ' G. WV.Snider & Co..O'Nell 5 5
2928 A.zura, 3 113 6 65 4 1 4 142 A. H. .Viycjl.. J. "Woods 2 3
2919 El Rey. 3.... .......113 2 2h 62 5 1 ■ 5 1 . P. C. Donaleche.. O'Connor 5 9-2
2S60 B. F. Mason, 4.... 109 7 82 7 2 6 2 6 6 \V. G. Matthews.. Matthews 30 20
2908 Mike Rice, a 117 8 9- 9 8 2 7 5 T. E. McLaughlin.A. Kelly 8 12
2S03 Trimmer, 6 117 1* 4 % 5 1 7% 8 5 Dr. H. E RowelL.Birkruth 10 20
2931 Blanch Shep'rd. 4.. 117 97h81 9 9 B. A. Chilson. Hoar 20 70
2920 IHuachuca. 2 ■..1101 » ... ... ... ... |G. W. Baldwin.. ..Bullmanl 4 3
Time— To M, :23; to hi. :47%; last %, 1:04%; short %, 1:14M. Good start except Huachuca.
Won cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner, G. Summers & Co.'s ch. g. by Water
cress-Helen Scratch. Buchanan made a very wide turn into the stretch to grab the good
footing. Had Prior on Parsifal done same, latter might have won.' Quadra did her best.
Alzura better in slush. Too much weight- on El Rey. Trimmer broke ' down. Scratched—'
J. Boggs 109. Compass 113.- *Left. ■ . ,; . • ■ . . :_• '
2041. FOURTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, J325.
I ~T" ~~ " : ~^ Betting.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner ■ and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(2898) Imperious, 6 109 2 12 15 1'4 1H Dr. H. E. RoweIl..Mathews 2 5-2
(2S37) Merops. 5 100 6 3% 37 26 2 10 F. D. Weir..' Hoar S-5 9-5
2935 Alicia, a 1C9 46 6 58 32 P. Moore J. Woods 4 6
2S09 Torslna, a 10915 5h 55 41 41 G. Summers & Co..Buchan 6 6
2907 Bonnie Lissak, 3.. 106 142 44 31 5 10 Ezell & Lazarus.. BIrkenrth 6 7
2903 Mazo. 5 109 326 2^6 6 A. G. Blakeley.... Bozeman 40 75
Time— U. :23%; %, :51%; %, 1:19; mile, 1:47. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner. .
Dr. H. E. Rowell's b. g. by Morello-Helen Scratch. Merops much the best. He propped
at start, losing many lengths, and too much early use was then made of him. Alicia ran -
badly. Torsina won't do In atlcky going. Ponnle Lissak a poor betting proposition.
2042. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $323/
Index. Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. "ci.
2922 Sir Lewis 104 1 2^2% 23 lh M. Daly ....L. Daly" 4~ 3 .
2922 Muresca 103 3 11 14 1% 28 C. Lind Birkenruth 5-2 3
2910 Louwelsea 104 2 31 3 2 4 2 3- %■ G. W. Bald win.. Buchanan . 6 1'
2855 Colonial Girl 106 6 6- 4}fc 3 1 4 5 W. M.' Rogers.... O'Connor 5-2 2 '
C2S44) Evea G.... 101 4 41 6 51 58 J." Coffey ....Hoar 6 10
(2686) |SheIl Mount ...107| 5 5 2 5 4 6 .6 D. Cameron J. Woods 6 7
Time-4i, :25%: >.£. :50%; %. 1:17%^ Good start. Won 'easily. Second and third driving
Winner, M. J. Daly's ch. c. by Loyalist-Endurance. Not sloppy, enough for Muresca. Win
ner had her measure last three furlongs. Colonial Girl slow to get moving. Evea G out-
Classed. Shell Mount away, none too well and not up to a hard race. . «
2043. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index. Horse. Age. "Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? "ci.
2324 IGusto. 4.............112 3 1% 15 14 15 IP.- Howley- ..../...;."..;. Hoar 3^ 3
2928 I Ben Ledi. 5 109 5 31 2 4 1 2 1 2 % G. W. Scott Winslette 6 11 »
(2224) Dunblane. "I.. ..".".. .112 6 45 44;3 1 33 W. B. Jennings &'Co..O'Cn 8-5 5-2
(2918). Ahe Singer, 4 110 2 2 2 3 1 4.5, 4-5. W. P. Magrana & -Co..Bull "6" 10
.... fja Queen. 5 ..109 7 6 6 . 6. 5 6 John A. Lewis ..Stuart 6 7
25S1 I mission; 4 10911 5 1 5 5 51- 6 James Wilson... Fauntlerov 12' 40
(2913) I Sugden. 5: 1091 4 Fell ... ...-....■ IW. H. McNames..Birknrth| 5-2 2
Time— »4,:25V4: %. '-olM; %. 1:WV4. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third' driving Win
ner P. Howlers br. h. by Brutus-Irish Lass. Gusto away flying. Dunblane not partial to
sticky going. The Singer ran a good race. Sea Queen can do better over dryer golne- she
has been on the ailing list. Sugden stepped in a hole on far turn; he ran away over three
miles before slowing down. Scratched— Hungarian 109, Ned Dennis 109
Burling&me selling stakes; three-year-olds and
upward:
(2327)Greyfeld 104 (2912)Horton 98
(2917)Obia 96 2912 Rio Shannon .. 9S
2930 Bedeck 93 2924 Bernota S6
2341 Imperious 95 (2931)Wyoming .. 95
Fifth Race — Seven furlongs; free" handicap;
three-year-olds and upward:
2SS3 John McGurk .. 90 2904 Autolight 120
2330 Galanthus .....100 (2930) Eonic 100
' Sixth Race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward: .' • ' -
(2933)Flamero 103 (2928)RolIick .........104
2928 Reina de Cuba.109 (2931) Wyoming 109
2937Inv1ctus 104 . '
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Plohn, First Shot. Romany.
Second Race — Landseer, Hainault, Com,
Forster. •
Third Race— Meehanus, HHee. Frank Bell.
Fourth Race-rObia, Greyfeld, Horton.
Fifth Race^Autolight. Eonic. John McGurk,
ANOTHER CLOSE
BASEBALL GAME
IN THE SOUTH
Nationals Defeat Angels
by a Score of
4 to 3.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 6.— The Nationals
took another game to-day from Los An
geles by the narrow margin of 4 to 3. It
all came in the latter half of the ninth.
Up to that point Hale had held the East
erners down, to three scattering hits. It
was a splendid exhibition of ball all the
way through. The locals played with a
vim and determination that has seldom
characterized their work. - ■■■ \
Hall did the best work, accepting many
chances and fielding every bail" perfectly.
Keilley was at short and Kelly on third.
The latter's error in the ninth inning was
responsible for one run. Hale pitched
great ball up to the disastrous ninth,
when the heavy sluggers from the East
lined out three 1 singles and a double,
which, with two errors, gave them the
game. Doyle for the visitors was given
splendid support. Carr's failure to ac
cept two chances in right field gave the
locals two runs.
Van Haltren's base-running and Beck
ley's batting were features greatly ad
mired by. the spectators. Tip O'Neill Is
worrying over the non-arrival of Lee,
star twlrler for the Nationals. He was
expected yesterday, but has not put in
an appearance and cannot be located. -
brasswork on the boats stolen. The thieves
did their work so roughly that the boats
were badly damaged and will need exten
sive repairs.
The Dolphin . Boating Club will hold an
al fresco dinner on Arcadia Island on Sun
day, December 15. The members are tak
ing a good deal of interest in rowing dur
ing the winter and from time to time en
gage in barge . races, ; the losers providing
dinner for the winners and themselves.
Early next year the Dolphins will give
an entertainment and ball in place of the
annual picnic, which will be discontin
ued. There was some : talk of giving ■ up
the regular annual dinner of the mem
bers, but it is probable it will take place
as usual. early next year. As many, ex
penses have been incurred during 1901
which will not be necessary during the
coming season the club expects • to have
a full treasury. . . . , . .
The annual variety show of the Ala
meda Boating Club was given last. night
in Armory Hall. Alameda. the > committee
in charge of the entertainment consisting
of A. G. Bell (chairman), Harry Dumont,
Si. ?' Thorning. Sidney Pollard and
Charles H. Smith. .
..■■:.•....■.■.■ . . . ■ . ■ • .^w^s/sgnsmammmBssms^^fm^mm
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 7, 1901.
Sixth Race— Rollick. Wyoming, Flamero/
JOCKEY O'BRIEN INJURED.
Has His Collarbone and Two Ribs
Broken by a Fall.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 6.-In the first race
to-day Free State j and May Miller felL T.
O Brien, who rode Free State, had his collar
bone and two ribs broken. Summary-
First race, five furlongs— Cadet won, Crescent
City second, Fademeny third. Time/ 1:01%
Second race, six furlongs, selling-fsemlcolon
won, Olekma second. Prince Esher tiird. Time
lllo* ■ , v
Third race, six furlongs— Serpent won, Pyrrho
second, Marcos third. Time 1-14'A ■ M
w F n" L»/v a °£ 8 l X furIon .f s - selling-Boomerack
Time 1^14 second, Kohnwreath third.
Fifth race, mile and a quarter, selline— Azlm
£o9!4 : • ElklH second ' Barbee third Tim™.
•n,^ 11^- 1^ 06 !. miIe and sev enty yards— "Wapita
Time. ™M%. ° USe Se ° Cnd ' Jessle Jarljo * «5rtL
BENNETT GAINS
DECISION OVER
JACK McDONALD
Hot Bouts Are Decided at
San Francisco Athletic
Club.
Breathing room was at a. premium last
night at the monthly. boxing tourn^mS
of the San Francisco Athletic Club It
is doubtful If another spectator, could
have been crowded in when Referee Alex
?og e e\ n er nS ° £ b ° Xe "
As usual there was one part, boxirg
mixed with nine parts fighting, each bout
being, seemingly, more spectacular- than
the preceding .one. ". . ..
Ferris Hartman was as close to the r«n~
as the ropes would permit. He was ap
parently gathering material for his
Christmas spectacle. He was nearly
thrown into convulsions by some of the
The event of the evening was a four
to U £ J? 0^ be , t J ween Jockey Bennett and
Jack McDonald. The former won after
four hard-fought rounds. The last round
was a. veritable whirlwind of flghtirur
which brought the spectators to their fS
tJ^SS^ffiiv^gfow;" 1 B?nnett landed
aft^o n^utes^Sn^^^ZoL 1
some , hard body punches a^d was
se n c O o C n k d ed t^e Wn tWlpG - He Stayed d °™^
knowledge of boxing but made up foF lt"n
energy, hammering one another all over
Billy Snailham stopped' Billy Connolly
in less than one round of fighting Con
v K xt w .yers was given the decision over
Ed Martin after four rounds. The last
round was fought desperately and a draw
would have done neither an injustice
_Arthur Watson of. Chicago and Charles
Peterson fought three of the most; des
perate rounds ever seen in the club
Referee Greggains stopped tne fight in
the third round to save Watson unneces
sary punishment.- Watson had a good
right punch. Peterson's condition told in
the long run, although all through each
man seemed on the verge of going out
Jack McDonald stopped C. Bernard'
after three rounds of fast fighting. Each
man was knocked down several time-i
Charles Hawley , defeated Bob . Nolan
after, four rounds of give and take fight -
Ing. . The bout ,was replete with, hard. hit
iliur. each man being indistress at times.
POULTRY SHOW
JUDGES MAKE
FINAL AWARDS
Aristocratic Chicks Give
Committee Plenty of ;
- &m Work.
"'■ Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
- .; 1118 Broadway, Dpc. 6..
The domestic fowl experts on the judg
ing committee of " ithe poultry- show : .have
finished ; the | awards^ V » -' : •• . '■ :
The presentation of : medals 'to winners
of. special 'prizes': will' take place, to-mor
row evening just prior to the-closing-Of
th'e show. The remaining awards in the
poultry department -are. as follows:; -v"
Buff Leghorn: Pens— First, "C.:.M,SeUridge;
second. Rufus C. Vose; 1 third, J. F. Sarmento.
Cocks— First,- S. J. Hunter* 1 ' second, Charles *A.
Connitt; third, S. J. Hunter.- -Hens— First,:sec
ond and third, S^. J. . : Hunter; fourth- and fifth,
Rufus • C.I Vose. . Cockerels— First and second,
S.- J.- Hunter; third,' fourth* and fifth,' J.* F.
Sarmento. Pullets-^First and 'Second, S..J.
Hunter; v third, -George "H. A. j Dlmpfel: fourth
and fifth, J. F. Sarmento. :."■;-•:' ■ -,- >. ■j. ■
Golden Penciled Hamburg: Cocks— First sec
ond, third and fourth, C. • J. ■ Seigf ried. Hens-
First, second. -.third and fourth. C. J. Seigfried.
Pullets— First; second, third and fourth C • J."
Seirfried. •.- . ••...■ . -. -.- - •- -
S u ver-spangled Hamburg : Cocks— First, 1 ' J. 1 1'
Rogers;, second,' E.- A. Welling;' third, O. jT;
Nobmann;' fourth, George" D. Lubben. 'Hens-
First, second and third, J. I.i Rogers;, f ourth"-
E. A. "Welling. Cockerels— First, George '15.'
Lubben. ■, : •..'•>.-■ ■ •.-■;■.. :
Houdan: Pen— First, "W. P. Lyon. Cocks-
First, { second . and ? third, W.v P. Lyon. Hens-
First, second and third, W. P. Lyon. Cocker
els—First, second and third,' "W. P. Lyon. Pul
lets—First, second and third, W. . P. Lyon.
Buff Orpington: Pens— First and second, F--
B. Van Nostrand. Cocks — First; K. B Van
Nostrand ; second and third, J. R Riddell
Hens— First, F. B. Van Nostrand; second J.
R. Riddell; third, F. B. Van Nostrand. Cock
erels—First and second, J. R. Riddell- third
F. B. Van Nostrand. Pullets— First. J. R. Rid
dell; second and third, F. B. Van Nostrand. ■
Black Orpington: Cockerel— First F. B Van
Nostrand. * » .
Black Java : Hen— Second, A. E. Keith. !
Cornish ! Indian Game: Cock— First J. F.
Heartwell; second, Percy Ward. Hens'— First,
second and third, Percy Ward; fourth, J. F.
Heartwell. Cockerels— First and second J. F.
Heartwell. Pullets — First, second and third
J. F. Heartwell.
Pit Game: Cocks — First, second and third
Ferguson & Lamos; fourth, Ellas Williams;
fifth, Charles Fitch. Hens— First, Ferguson &
Lamos; second, Charles Fitch; third. Ferguson
& Lamos; fourth, Charles Fitch. Cockerels-
First, Ferguson & Lamos. Pullets — First and
second, Ferguson & Lamos.
■ Black Minorca: Pens — First, XV. S. Childs;
second, E, L. Dunshee. Cocks— First and sec
.ond. W. S. Childs; third, H. H. Holland;
fdurth, J. F. Plaff; fifth, W. S. Childs. Hens-
First, second and third— W. S.- Childs; fourth.
First, Arthur "W. Cowell; second and third \V
S. Childs; fourth, Arthur W. Cowell; fifth w'
S. Childs. Cockerels— First and second, J. M.
Nelson; third, E: M. Buckley; fourth J M
Nelson; fifth, W. S. Childs. Pullets— First and
second, W. S. Childs; third, G. A. Rothamel;
fourth, J. F. Plaff; fifth, H. H. Holland.
Andalusian: Cocks— First, H. H, Holland.
Hens — First and second, H. H. Holland.
Cattle in the Sales'" Bing.
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— Judging ia the
championship classes for the leading
breeds of cattle was, the feature to-day
of the International Livestock Exposition.
The attendance was nearly as large as :
yesterday, when 85,000 persons visited the
show. Thirty-three Galloways sold to
day at an average of $285. top price
was $2000 paid for a bull exhibited by N.
P. Clarke of St. Cloud, Minn., and sold
to C. N.- Moody of Atlanta, Mo. • " '
Another notable sale of the day was
made In the swine department, where D.
C. Flatt & Son of Mill Grove, Ontario,
sold four head of Yorkshires for $1650.
One boar sold for $700. - • ■ '
Sixty-nine head of short horns brought
$43,760, an average- of- $634 -a head.
two cows sold for $33,675, or 5647 each, and
seventeen bulls for $10,085, an average of
$593. The highest priced in the sale was
Missle 153d, bred and imported by TV. S.
Marr of Aberdeenshire, Scotland, and sold
to "Vv", C. Edwards of Rookland, Ontario,
for $6000. .The highest priced bull was
Golfman, sold by ,T. B. Mitchell & Sons
of Danvers.Ill., to A. Lv Stretzman of
New Sharon, Iowa, for $1200. . .
Swimming Records i/owered.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. • 6.— E. Carroll
Schaefer of Reading, Pa:, the national
swimming champion, created new records
to-night at the Sportsman show for twen
ty and forty' yards and lowered the rec
ord for sixty and eighty yards. Schaefer
finished first in an eighty-yard swimming
contest," with Guy Daly of Pittsburg sec
ond." Schaefer's time for the eighty
yards was 50 4-5 seconds, lowering the
record by three-fifths of a second. Ho
covered sixty yards in 36 1-5 seconds four
fifths of a second less than the previous
record. Both sixty and eighty yards rec
ords were held by Schaefer. He swam
twenty yards in 10 2-5 seconds and forty
yards in 23 4-5 seconds, both new- records.
Boxer Jeffords Wins.
ALLENTOWN. Pa., .Dec. G.— Jack" Mc-
Cormack of Philadelphia was. knocked
out to-night by James Jeffords of Califor
nia in the fourteenth round of what was
to have been a fifteen-round flgnt at the
Keystone Athletic Club."
POWERS NOT WILLING '
TO ABANDON TIENTSIN
New Viceroy Says He Will Maintaiu
• Order, but" Diplomats Are
Doubtful.
PEKING, Dec. 6.— The principal object
of the visit to Peking of Yuan Shi Kal,
the new Viceroy of Chili, who arrived
here December 3, is to induce the foreign
powers 'to relinquish their control of-.the
government of Tientsin; Yuan Shi Kal
has assured all the Ministers of the for
eign powers here that he . is personally
able and willing to maintain order at
Tientsin and in the province.
The Russian, American and Japanese
Ministers are inclined to comply with this
suggestion of the Viceroy, but the major
ity of the foreign representatives insist
that the powers retain control of Tien
tsin until the reassemblement of the Chi
nese court at Peking.'
QUARREL OVER PLACE
WHERE CRISPI MAY LIE
Italian Chamber of Deputies . the
Scene of a Bitter Partisan
Debate.
ROME, Dec. 6.— An uproar arose in the
Chamber of Deputies to-day during the
discussion of a proposal to inter the re
mains of Signor Crispl,; formerly Italian
Premier, in the San Domenico Cathedral
at Palermo. The Socialists and Radicals
violently opposed this proposal, and de
nounced the foreign policy of the late Pre
mier as having, caused intense suffering to
the Italian people..' .... _-
The scenes became so violent that the
president of the Chamber had to suspend
the sitting temporarily. When it was
resumed there was still considerable agi
tation. The .vote, was eventually post
poned until to-morrow.
MTTST PAY PENALTY
f .'■■ FOB NEWSPAPER INSULT
Editor and Publisher of a Paper; in
Prussian Poland Go to "
•/ Prison.''^ ' '' ; . y. ■'. ■ 'i r r , .•
POSEN, Prussian Poland, Dec.' 6.— Herr
Rakowsky, editor of the Praca, was sen
tenced to-day . to two < years' imprison
ment for insulting the former Imperial
Postmaster General, Von Podbielski 'and
thereby, bringing state institutions ..into
contempt. : .-« ■•-. • ■
The- publisher of .the newspaper Herr
Piedermann, was sentenced to six weeks'
Imprisonment for abetting Herr Rakow
sky..'. '•'■.•'.'■•'.. . ' \ • ' • ' : ' : .,, ':..',.":: .; -.- . ,..
All holders of Call: Atlas coupons
can secure Cram's Superior, Atlas of
the World*, ■ 1901 edition, by; present
ing -coupon I at'-' the business - office : cf
SEVENTEEN MONTHS ON THE SEA
AND COMES BACK IN DISTRESS
Schooner Cordelia Heald Leaves Here for Alaska, but
Erratically Sails Far From Her Course.
THE STEAM" SCHOONER CORDELIA HEALD THAT HAS BEEN TRYING VAINLY FOR SEVENTEEN MONTHS
TO MAKE ST. MICHAEL AND HER CREW, WHO APPEAR NOT IN THE LEAST DISCOURAGED BY THE
WEARISOME STRUGGLE AGAINST FATE. -'?.';
A. FTER seventeen months spent In
a vain attempt to reach the gold
fields, the steam schooner Cor
delia Heald returned to port
yesterday. She passed inside -tho
gate early in the morning, but at 3 p.m."
had failed to reach . Fort Point. It was
blowing hard, but the craft would not
steer and every wave threw her two
points off her course. When a Call re
porter went aboard the little craft off the
Cliff House the first thing Captain Heald
asked for was tobacco. -Luckily the crew
of Peterson's launch had three packages
of fine cut and these were taken aboard.
Mate Platt made himself a cigarette and
the ; captain filled -his pipe, . but it was
burned out, as he had been smoking tea
leaves for ten days. "Now if I only had
a pipe," said he, "I would be in heaven."
Artist Bronstrup had a pipe and offered
it to Heald, who seized it and in two
minutes the dingy cabin of the Cordelia
Heald . was filled with the fragrance of
cavendish. 1
Even a couple of bottles of beer 'and a
package of sandwiches that were passed
aboard could not tempt the men to de
sist from smoking. While the captain and
the mate were below the vessel was left
to the tender mercies of a reporter whom
the captain took to be a pilot. The news
paper man kept her clear of Point Lobos,
but his heart was in his mouth when the
steamship John S. Kimball bore down on
the schooner and the Heald I would not
pay off.*-'- The danger was averted, how
ever, and then Captain Heald took charge.
Regarding his trip Captain Heald said:
The Cordelia Heald was built, by me in : .San
Francisco about two years ago. My wife and
I -cleared the vessel for St. Michael and we
sailed on August 24, 1900. We had a 'terrible
time and were driven ■ back I every time we
reached the Columbia River. Finally, on De
cember 21, 1900. I found myself off San Pedro
and we put in there.
My wife,' after whom the boat Is named, got
tired of the venture at this point and . went to
e-H-w-i-i-i-i'M-i-i-i-i-i-i'^i-i-i-i-i-i-H
TWO BODIES FOUND
IN TRAIN WRECKAGE
Remains of Unknown Men Discov
" ■ ered Under Debris and More
* Deaths Occur.
MALVERN, Ark., Dec. 6.— Five more
deaths have occurred, in consequence of
the head-end collision between two pas
senger trains on the St. Louis, Iron Moun
tain and Southern road near here last
night. Maggie Stevenson, colored, of
Landersvillc, Ala., died to-day from in
juries received in the wreck. Two colored
children, names not known, also- died to
day from their injuries. Two white men,
names unknown, who had been riding on
the front end of the baggage car on the
fast mail southbound train, were found
dead in the wreckage to-day. It is sup
posed they were sawmill hands. :
■ J None of the white passengers injured in
the collision will die. r . Twenty-eight in
jured colored ; passengers * were taken to
the railroad hospital - at Little Rock . to
day. -T,he; Coroner's jury, has been hold
ing an inquest all • day, but . has reached
no decision: The developments to-day in
dicated that the collision was the result
of a misunderstanding of orders.
Los Angeles to live and I put the boat In win
ter quarters. It was a pretty pleasant win
ter and after refitting in the spring I sailed
again for Alaska. That was on July 27, 1901.
The full crew list was myself— Captain John
L. Heald— George H. Moseley. first mate, and
A. A. Platt,. second mate and cook. After we
were out forty-three days I decided it was
time to put into Port Harford and get some
more stores. We secured a liberal supply and
once more started north. .
By this time I had decided to make for the
Kla math River, but every time . we came
within - striking distance something happened
to drive us back. ■
Now I'll tell you something In confidence.
The Cordelia Heald is the finest sea boat afloat.
Never a sea broke over us and she is now as
dry as a bone, but she. can't sail' and she
won't steer. Otherwise she Is the finest vessel
cf hen class afloat. . • -
Well,* after we- had been twice, as far north
as Mendocino and twice found ' ourselves off
Point Reyes we came ■ to "the conclusion' to
make one more try. Then occurred the only
disaster.- We were- Once more off the Oregon
roast and George 11. Moseley was at the helm.
This was- on 'the night of October 8. Platt
and -I were asleep. Suddenly there was a
racket Oil deck and Moseley was tumbling down
the companion way, while the vessel was roll
ing her masts out. I rushed on deck and Platt
took care of the injured man. He only, lived
a few minutes, as his skull was fractured. I
think he wag struck by the main boom and
knocked down the stairs.
We could not give him a fair burial, but
Flatt sewed him up in a spare sail and brought
him aft to the wheel, where I was on duty.. I
said a prayer,' keeping an eye on the foresail
and the heave of the sea at the same time,
and- then the body was thrown overboard.
Moseley was a native of Rutledge, Ga.. and
was 25 years old. He served In the United
States army in the Philippines and had a good
record. After that accident we ran for San
Francisco and reached the Farallonea in six
days. Off there a pilot-boat came up to us
and a "pilot came aboard, but I didn't want
him. Lucky for him. ■ He'd have been ten days
at sea. We have plenty of provisions, except
tobacco and butter, and the former you have
supplied us with. I'll get to an anchorage In
the. morning.
"When the men on the newspaper launch
last saw the Cordelia Heald she was just
inside Point Bonita and apparently going
DISH OF ROAST BEEF
: BRINGS HIM .TO TERMS
Convict . Has a Merry Time : on a
Prison Rooi "Until Hunger
■yVy Calls.
LONDON, Dec 6.— A convict at the
Pontonville prison who managed to elude
the warders, established Himself on the
roof of the prison 'and for thirty hours
defied all attempts to dislodge him.
Thousands of spectators were watching
the • show and aiding' the prisoner by
timely warnings of the movements of
his would-be - captors.
Ladders placed against the wall were
promptly thrown down by the occupant
of the « roof, | whose reckless movements
and wild . laughter at the futile efforts
of the warders were thought to Indicate
insanity. The fugitive collected a large
pile of slates which he gleefully threw at
the -heads of the officials who attempted
to scale, the walls by melns of ladders,
until they were forced to retreat. The
convict, surrendered this afternoon after
defeating all attempts to dislodge him by
force. He was • lured : to the - ground by
the,'offer of a dish of roast beef and po-'
tatoes.
out to sea again.
Captain Heald has not given up - the
idea of reaching his destination. He will
lay his vessel up for the winter and in
tends making a fresh start next spring. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS. .">'.„•;
"I wrote to Doctor
Pierce, who sent me
a very kind letter
and advised me."
Thousands of weak and sick women
can trace the beginning of a new life of
perfect health to that letter written to
Dr. Pierce.
Sick and ailing women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence held as strictly private
and sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures
weak and aching backs, headaches, nerv-
ousness and other womanly ailments by
curing the womanly diseases which cause
them.
1 "In the spring of 1900 I became ■very HI,"
writes Mrs. Alvieoa Scholtz, of Lake Washing-
ton, Lesueur Co., Minn., "bt bade was very
weak and ached so that I could do no work at
all, so I was obliged to take to ray bed. I felt a
constant desire to urinate and the ' pains in
abdomen were almost unbearable. I wrote to
Dr. Pierce, who sent me a very kind letter, and
advised me to take his ! Favorite Prescription *
and 'Golden Medical Discovery.* I took six
bottles of each and am a well woman now.- I
cannot say enough in favor of Dr. Pierce's
medicines. " ■■
« Favorite Prescription" makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Accept
no substitute for the medicine which
works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are the
most desirable laxative for delicate
women. '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THB
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to icxual organs. Depot, 323 Uarkst.
56
SATURDAY. ...:...... . ..*: . .DECEMBER 7, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
litrtt* An Cetnac&Ie&tioai ts W. 8. LEIKE. Xttfrtt.
MAXAGEtt'S OFFICE... Telephone Pre«» 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 2O1. t
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenion St.
t Telephone. Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. IS Cent* Per Week.
Stngrle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terms l»y Hall. Including roitasei
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), ont year... $«.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). C months S.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), t month! 1.S0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month SSo
eCNDAT CALL. On* T>ar . 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year... 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
• nbseriptlonn.
Simple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscriber* In ordering cbum of address should b#
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
c george: kuog\ess.
- Ktaager rcrtig-a Advertising-. Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central Z613.")
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX. Herald Sqnare
ICEW TOHK ' REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX D. SMITH. . SO Tribune Bntldlnar
KEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Drentano. 21 Union Bquart;
Murray BUI Hotel.
.. CHICAGO NEWS STAITO8:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co. ; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hocse; Andltcrlnm Hotel.
WAsnivr.Tox n>. c> office. . . . j*on c. St.. w. w.
31OKTOA E. .CRANE. Correspondent.
BRAXCR OFFICES— K7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, op«n
until $:$0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 1:30 o'clock. €33
McAllister, open until S:30 o'cJo.k. CIS Larldn. open until
»:S0 o'clock. 1S41 MlFf Ion. open until 14 o'clock. 2281 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 109C Valencia, open
anUl S o'clock. 10C Eleventh, opea until 1 o'clock. KW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
2209 Flltaore. open until 9 i>. tn.
AHT7SEMENTS.
Columbia — "The Girl From Maxim's."
Or$>r*uin— Vaudeville.
Gracd Opera-house— "The Crust of Society. "'
California— "A Stxaneer In a. Strance Land."
TivolJ— "A Gaiety Girl."
Central— "The Streets of New York."
Alc£zai^-"An Enemy to the King."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' s— Vaudev«lle.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Central Park— Vasco Ball Game.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
PAOIB 10 CODFISHERIBS.
ONE of the large industries of the Pacific Coast
which at this time needs from the Govern
ment an assistance it can readily give, but
which no other power can adequately provide, is that
engaged in codfishing. In the industry there have been
invested many thousands of dollars, and it employs
many hundreds of men. It is capable, under proper
supervision, of continuing indefinitely as a source of
wealth, and consequently merits such protection as
the Government can bestow.
At the present time the industry, has a Tight to ex
pect from the Government two services. The first is
diplomatic, and involves the settlement of the right
of American fishers to catch cod in certain portions
of Okhotsk Sea, ov^r which Russia claims control.
The second is that of providing for the propagation
of codfish at certain stations along the Alaskan coast
where the conditions for the propagation are most
favorable. \ .
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
have taken the subject up and have prepared an in
structive memorial upon it. It appears from the
statements of the memorial that within the last few
years our codfishing industry has so expanded as to
enable us not only to supply our own market but to
place our product in Chicago in competition with the
Atlantic cod, to compete on the west coast of South
America with goods from Norway, in Australia and
New Zealand with the ling cod from Scotland, and
to replace in a great measure with our codfish the
dried fish from Japan, in Hongkong, the Philippines
and the East generally as far as the Straits Settle
ments. Statistics compiled by one of the fishing com
panies show that since 1870 there have been brought
into this port Pacific codfish to the wholesale value
of $5,130,000.
It will be conceded that an industry of such mag
nitude and with such possibilities is worth preserving.
It is threatened, however, by the interference of Rus
sia with American fishers in Okhotsk Sea and by the
diminishing number of fish along the Alaskan coast.
Concerning those difficulties of the industry the
memorial says: "In former years the greater por
tion of our supply of codfish came from Okhotsk
Sea, where the fishing banks are much more extensive
than are those of Bering Sea, but a ruling of the Rus
stafi Government imposes a license on all vessels fish
ing within thirty miles of the shore, and in 1892 one
of our vessels narrowly escaped seizure for getting
within the prescribed zone at a time when the ex
istence of the regulations was not known here.
Being driven from the Okhotsk, all the fishing vessels
are compelled to rendezvous in the restricted fishing
grounds in Bering Sea, where the supply is notably
growing less.". - ■ ;
Upon that showing two things are asked: First,
that the Department of State make an early deter
mination of our rights on the fishing banks of
Okhotsk Sea, thereby, if possible, enabling our craft
to renew operations in those waters. Second, to pro
cure the establishment and maintenance on the coast
of Alaska of one or more hatcheries for the propa
gation of cod, similar to those maintained by tfie
Government, on .the coast of Massachusetts.
The requests are not excessive! It is only fair that
the Government pay as much attention to Pacific
fisheries as to those of the Atlantic. It is gratifying
to have po energetic a body as the Manufacturers'
and Producers* Association at work In promoting
the interests of this as well as other Pacific Coast in
dustries, and our delegation in Congress should, co
operate in the work and urge the matter upon the
immediate attention of the Government.
If is said that Americans at the Pan-American
Congress' who went there for the purpose of seeing
what they could do in the way of arranging for trade
have found the South American delegates very af
fable and polite, but extremely evasive on business
propositions. They are willing enough to talk, so
long as the talk doesn't bind them to a trade.
Sir Thomas Lipton has said that only a pulse boat
was between him and victory in the recent yacht
contest. This may be one way of taking consolation
cut of the stem fact of defeat
CONGRESS AND ITS WORK.
DESPITE the fact that Congress is, not ex
pected to get to work before the holidays,
there has been a notable activity in getting
ready^for it. Upon many important subjects, such as
the isthmian canal, Chinese restriction and the Philip
pine tariff, bills have been already introduced. These_
will be put into shape by the committees presumably
without much delay and will be ready to be taken up
at any time. Consequently it is hardly fair to say that
no work will be done before Christmas, for good
preparation counts as work as well as does accom
plishment.
One of the notable features of this'Congress is the
confidence with which the public -waits its action.
At the time of the assembling' of a new Congress for
many a year past there has been always more or less
doubt as tc'what action it would take on many meas
ures of grave public concern. It can be readily re
called with what anxiety the business world waited
to learn what was to be done with the tariff, the cur
rency and the situation in Cuba. E-ven when the pre
ceding TTongress met and when there was no longer
any question of the financial or the fiscal system of
the nation at stake there was uncertainty concerning
cur trade relations with Porto Rico and the Philip
pines. No such anxiety is felt now. It is everywhere
taken as well assured that the reciprocity treaties will
be rejected by the Senate, the Philippine tariff will be
made to correspond with the needs of American in
dustry, an isthmian canal bill will be enacted and the
exclusion of Chinese will be adopted as a permanent
policy of the country.
By reason of the confidence felt by the country as
to the action of Congress on all these issues which
are uppermost in the public mind it would seem that
the proceedings of the session would be dull and un
interesting. Where a given decision upon any issue
is a foregone conclusion people are not likely to pay
much attention to the formal proceedings that lead
up to it Therefore if this Congress had nothing
else to deal with than the subjects which have been
so much discussed it would probably interest few
people. It happens, however, that there will come
before Congress during the session several measures
of importance which as yet have not attracted much
of popular attention, and out of some of them there
may arise discussions which will become more or less
exciting to the country as a whole.
It is to be borne in mind, moreover, that while the
Republicans will be content to let well enough alone,
and would be satisfied with a quiet and uneventful
session, the Democrats will do their uttermost to
force a fight on some question that will give them a
cause upon which to appeal to the people in the Con
gressional elections next fall. At present that party
has no national policy; it has not even an issue. It
is therefore up to the Democratic leaders m Congress
to do something this winter that will give rise to
party division and a party fight.
It is not clear what' course will be pursued in the
search for the needed issue. Such attempts as were
made in the Democratic caucus to outline a policy
for the session had no other effect than to cause dis
sensions in the caucus itself, and in the end all reso
lutions of the kind were referred to fi. committee,"
The prospects of the party, therefore, are not bright.
It is probable even that by the end of the session they
may emerge without having formed a single* issue
upon which they can make a united fight in the fall
campaign.
In this "condition of affairs there is nothing to be
regretted. We are now in the full flood of prosperity, .
and two years of business unfretted by political dis
turbances will be beneficial to all. The failure of the
Democrats to find an issue is not due to their stupid
ity alone, for as a matter of fact there is hardly any
issue to find. The affairs of the republic are well ad
ministered^ and where legislation is needed, as in re
gard to Chinese immigration- or the isthmian canal,
no party divisions are possible. A . quiet session,
therefore, would be acceptable to the whole country.
As a rule New Jersey is too well satisfied with her
self to take notice of criticisms, but just now she is
trying to explain why it is that both plutocrats and
anarchists are making their homes there in greater
numbers than in any other part of the Union.
RAIN, COMMERCE AND POLITICS.
FOR a long time it has been known to observant
students of politics in countries where govern
ment is dependent upon the popular will that
in years of prosperity the majority vote is on the side
of the party in power, but in bad years the majority
votes with the opposition. The principle underlying
that phenomenon has been presented in an interest
ing article in the current number of the Popular
Science Monthly by H. Helm Clayton of the Blue
Hill Meteorological Observatory, ,and the facts cited
by him show a close coincidence ofj commercial
panics and political disturbances with seasons of defi
cient rainfall.
Mr. Clayton says: "As a professional investigator
of science I am frequently brought to consider the
tremendous influences that natural phenomena in the
earth,", air and sky have on human affairs and to
wonder that .these influences on man's political and
business relations are not more frequently consid
ered." As a matter of fact they have been consid
ered much more frequently than scientists suppose,
but the consideration has not led to any valuable re
sults because the details of the subject have not been
scientifically studied by competent men and the con
clusions presented in a convincing way. It is for that
reason that even this brief presentation of Mr. Clay
ton's studies will be received ; with gratification as a
valuable contribution to a subject which has long en
gaged more or less of public attention. *
The statistics of rainfall presented in the paper
show that a deficient rainfall preceded the panic of
1837, the panic of 1857, that of 1873 and that of 1893.
Each of those panics was followed by a vote of the
people adverse to the party in power. There was a
deficient rainfall in 1863 and- 1864, but in those years
the disturbances of business and politics caused by
the Civil War were so great as to rendep.it impos
sible to, determine how far-the lack of rain, affected
either the one or the other. j:/;^/.'^.
It is well known that' parties in power always claim
for themselves whatever prosperity prevails in the
country at the time, and, judging by, the popular vote,
the people appear to admit the validity of the claim.
Commenting upon that fact the writer says:'' '-To
designate as a superstition the belief in the capacity
of the various political parties in power to make pros
perity may be extreme, but; certainly careful thinkers
will join 7 in the wish that such relations to natural
phenomena as are here outlined might be carefully
studied by trained investigators using well-known
scientific methods. Perhaps,; then, a unity of belief
as to the causes of commercial distress might be ob
tained equaling that which has prevailed since Dar
win's day as to the caus'es of variety and changes 'of
form in 1 he animal kingdom." JT".^ 1
It -will not be denied that the scientific study; pro-
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1901.
posed would be beneficial, but it is safe to say . it
would not have the r far-reaching effect. Mr. Clayton
supposes. Parties in power do not' control the rain
fall, nor can they prevent the hard- times which follow
the consequent loss,cf crops, but they can. do much,
•to relieve- the distress by- the enactment of legislation
intelligently! devised to malte.'the," : best ofa bad situa
tion. To that extent, therefore, a! party is really re
sponsible for the condition of industry and. com
merce. We had an example 'of it in the immediate
resumption of industrial and commercial activity as
soon as the. election. of McKinley restored confidence
in financial circles^ Politics is not so blind, a thing
as scientists suppose.. The people are not* wholly
superstitious fools. "They generally know what set of
m&n is best to trust" in any' particular emergency, 1
and 'they vote accordingly. .
A seat in - Congress this winter is more pleasant
than ever before, for^instead of' the old-fashioned
cane-bottom chairs the members now have elab
orately upholstered mahogany, and can sit with
something of the dignity of a plutocrat on velvet. .
AN American traveler and observer in Germany
reports that in Saxony there exists a curious
but efficacious way of collecting delinquent
taxes and bad debts. ~ The law, it is said, provides;
that whenever' a citizen neglects, to pay his taxes or a
debt for which judgment has been obtained
him his name shall be posted officially in every: beer,
garden or^eellar in the city, and so long as it remains
there no dealer is; permitted to sell him a ; drink.-
Failure to obey the' law imposes upon the beer seller!,
a heavy fine for the first offense, and for the second:
a forfeiture of his license.
Whether such a law exists may be doubtful. The
Germans may have a way of joshing Americans
even as we josh foreigners who visit us,- and besides
the law appears to be too wise to be really practicable
in any community. Nevertheless, it has features that
merit attention. How -would it work in San Fran
cisco, for example?
How many bad debtors we have in the community
we know not, but there are enough delinquent tax
payers to give the measure a pretty severe trial. Sup
pose all their names were to be blazoned in every
drinking-place in town. There would be a good job
and a long one for the name-poster to begin with.
Then when the saloon-keeper realized that he had to
know all those names and the men who bear them he
would have to hire one or two employes to attend to
that part of the saloon business, and that would af
ford work for more of the unemployed. Thus the
industrial condition of the city would be improved
at once and the law would score a public benefit at
the very start. :.
Next there would be the moral improvement. The
delinquent taxpayer who could not get a drink would
perforce remain sober. He might never pay his
taxes, but in every other respect, except a tendency
to profanity, he would be a better man. What the
saloon-keepers lost might go into the homes of the
community, or perhaps be dropped into the hands
of the Salvation Army for the benefit of the poor.
There would thus be an increase of happiness in the
home and charity on the streets that wbuld make the
city glow with a new light, and San Francisco would
be an illumination to all the surrounding country.
In the very midst of these sanguine expectations,
however, there comes a thought that gives us pause.
Perhaps if delinquent taxpayers and bad debtors in
San Francisco were debarred from drinks the saloons
would close up and quit business. Instead of employ
ing new men they would discharge those they have.
The ranks of the unemployed would be increased.
The delinquents might move to Oakland to live and
leave the city depopulated. In«short, the law is prob
ably too good for our stage of civilization. It will
do for a subject for academic discussion, but it won't
fit into our politics. The Saxons may keep it.
Eastern students of sociology have noted of re
cent years a marked increase of suits brought " by
men against others for damages for an alleged
alienation of a wife's affections, and they are de
bating whether the increase signifies a rise in the
market value of a wife's affection or only a keener
desire on the part of the husband to get what it is
worth, no matter how little.
GRITICISMS upon Commissioner Evans for
his management of the Pension Bureau have
been so frequent and at times so strong that
reports have been again and again in circulation that
he would be removed from his office. It is therefore,
interesting to note that'his work" has been cordially
commended by his superior, ; the Secretary of the In
terior, and it would appear, therefore, that he will
be sustained by the administration, notwithstanding
the powerful influences opposed to him. , r ,;
'In referring to, the work of the Pension ; Bureau
during the past year the Secretary begins by saying:
"The report of Commissioner Evans should be care
fully read by his countrymen in order that they may
properly understand the great responsibilities of his
office and the exceeding difficulties which he has en
countered in faithfully discharging' its duties. He
has no option, and should have no desire, to do
otherwise than conform to the plain direction of the
law in the disbursement of the enormous appropria
tion made for the payment of pensions. The veterans
have no m*re sincere friend than their comrade, the
Commissioner, who himself served as an enlisted man
in the armies of the Union; and he but maintains
and defends the honor of their, patriotic service when,
refusing to ignore both the letter and spirit of the
law, he declines to permit the impostor, whether
claimant or agent, to share in the bounty which is
provided for'tlie veteran and those dependent upon
him." ■'•
It is not customary for. the heads of the great de
partments of the Government to speak so^ warmly of
the work of their subordinates, and the commendation
given to Commissioner Evans. may therefore be ac
cepted as a reply 'to the attacks made upon him. It
is an- official notice that the- administration indorses
his management of the bureau, and regards an attack
upon him as in some measure an attack upon itself.
There can be but little doubt that the public will in
dorse the action of the. administration in this matter
as cordially as the Secretary has indorsed the Com
missioner. -':- Many of the attacks upon Evans are
based upon: Charges essentially false. . Himself a
veteran of the Civil War, he certainly has no preju
dice against his former, comrades in arms. His fight
has been against fraud" and not against the claim of
'any one justly. entitled to a pension. »In short, he has
been a faithfulofficer and merits the support due to
the right man in, the right place.
It is announced that the fruit jar combination has
gone to. pieces, and yet it prdmisedto hold enough
of sweetness '• to suit anybody's taste.
DEBTS AND/ DRINKS.
EVANS INDORSED.
CLOCKS TO I N DICATE
ASSASSINATION HOUR
DUMMY CLOCKS, ONE OF WHICH SHOWS THE HOUR OF THE ASSAS
; SINATION OF THE. LAMENTED LINCOLN AND THE OTHER THAT
OF THE LATE PRESIDENT McKINLEY.
CHICAGO Jewelers have Just Joined in the recently launched movement to
have the hands on dummy clocks, which since 1865 have pointed to 8:18
: o'clock, changed to 3:55, which is the time when- McKinley was shot.
. all over the country have been discussing the feasibility of
: -the change, but not until a few days ago had it been tried. L. S.
.Grout painted the first clock faca with the hands at the new hour. "Daddy*
Washbura, the New York sign painter who is said to have originated the plan
for. honoring Lincoln, has not as yet given an opinion on the change, although
he. is still in the clock painting business. .
. The clocks referred to are sign3 .which are hung in front of jewelers' shops.
L. S. Grout is a sign painter who makes a specialty of dummy clocks. Of the
1000 of these signs which are sold every year in this country Mr. Grout Is cred
ited with the creation of 600. He makes clocks of all sizes and of all degrees of
elaborateness. ■' .-•".• :
PERSONAL MENTION.
, Ernest ."Weylard of Colusa is at the Oc
cidental, i - .
. W. J. Berry, an oil man of Selma, is
at the Lick. . .
Colonel, E. "W. Runyon of Red Bluff is
at the Palace. . . . , ..-..'
• W. F. Knox, an attorney of '. Sacra
mento, Is, at the Grand.
. "W. M. Burckhalder, a lumber man of
Truckee, is at the Lick.
P. Ellas Gonzales, a mining man of
Mexico, is at the Palace. .-.
William Wood, an insurance - man of
New York, is at the Palace.
L. A. Spitzer, County Assessor of Santa
Clara County, is at the Grand.
James -D. Schuyler, a civil engineer of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace. 3
i A doli> h Fleishman, a fruit shipper . of
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Harry Isaacs, first assistant engineer
of the, Santa Fe, with headquarters at
Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
Edward N. Camp, a young capitalist of
Chicago, is here prior to inspecting his
mining interests In Oregon. He is at the
Palace.
Mme. Calve left last night for Sti Au
gustine, Fla., where she will remain, until
the opening of the grand opera season in
New York. . i.
Professor Charles P. von Oer, the well
known violinist, who has been down from
Oroville attending the grand opera, will
return home the last of this week.
Pe-Herrirr zatioiv Necessary.
San Francisco Maple I.eat.
According to late advices the local Re
publican party is very sick' It would
seem (per the prevailing diagnosis) that
the capital operation technically known
as de-Herrinlzaticn will have to be per
formed to save life. The operation will
necessarily involve the actual cautery
and be attended with great shock, but,
it is expected, if there is a good rally
from the Burns, that the health of the
patient will be permanently restored.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Primm— One mark of the gentleman is
that he always keeps his hand3 cleam.
Glimm— Oh, I don't know. I know a
gentleman who never washes his hands.
Primm— Oh, come now!
Glimm— Fact. He employs 2C0 in his
factory.— Catholic Standard and Times.
Tess— Miss Passay claims that she is
an old maid from choice.
Jess — Doubtless. Every" marriageable
man of her acquaintance has chosen
some one else.— Philadelphia Press.
"I hear, Mrs. Jones, that your husband
has two revolvers and a Winchester riile
for any burglars who may call."
"He had, but they came the other night
and stole them."— Tit-Bits.
"I don't want to see Lydia when she
comes back from that summer school."
"Why not?" . £
"Oh, she will be bursting with knowl
edge while the rest of us have been sit
ting around here in the - heat forgetting
what little we know."— Detroit Free
Press. •" • . < '.. vy^.
An old colored preacher in the rural
district • accounted for the lightning in
this way: -
"Ever* time Satan looks down en sees
de Lawd's work gwine on, fire flashes
f'um: his eyes. Dafs de lightning. En
w'en he fail ter hit a church wid it he
lays back en hollers. Dat's de thunder."
"But, passon." said an old deacon,
"whar is Satan in de winter time? We
don't. have no llghtnin' den." . _.-V ;v
The preacher studied a minute and then
said:. ' \ - :
\ 'Well,* hit may be, Br'er Williams, dat
hell's froze over den."— Atlanta Constitu
tion: • .. ■- ■ .-. ■'■ .-■/:*
"How beautifully . your daughter plays
the piano," said the caller.
"Yes," answered Mrs. Cumrqx. "But
that isn't her best piece. She only had
three lessons on that at five dollars each.
She knows another piece that cost ;it
least eighty-five dollars."— Washington
Star. !
"Did you . like it where . you went for.
your vacation this summer?"
"No; It was the most aggravating place
lever got Into. There were four newly
married couples at: the hotel, and the
only good-looking single girl around the
concern would run like a scared filly
every time she saw me coming."— Chicago
Record-Herald,
"I'll get even with the proprietor of
that hotel in some way," he announced.
"You can do 1 it easily, too," . answered
his friend. . '-
"How?" : he asked. '•
- "Commit suicide in his hotel. That al
ways annoys them."— Chicago Post.
. "Who Is, that fellow who is arguing so
earnestly with the bridge policeman?"
"That's the chap who went through the
Niagara rapids five times in a barrel."
"What's the matter with him."
• "He's afraid to cross the bridge."—
Jacksonville Times-Union. ' • . •
; Subscribe for The Daily Call for a
period of six months and you willbe
entitled to receive a copy of Cram'3
Superior Atlas of the World, edition
cf 1901, at the premium rate of
?1 50.
: •■ ■ ■ . •' ■/
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
FOUNTAIN PEN— N. S.,' Dixon. Cal.
As the fountain pen company you ask
about is a private concern this depart
ment cannot advertise it. . " :
EYEBROWS— P. J.. City. Walnut Jaice
will undoubtedly darken eyebrows and at
the same time, stain the skin beneath.
The stain will take a long time to wear
off.
DEL MONTE FLIER— Subscriber, City.
The first trip of what was called the "Del
Monte flier" was made June 3, 1833. The
train, consisting of engine, baggage car,
smoker and three coaches, made the dis
tance from San Francisco to the hotel,
125 miles, in 2 hours 53 minutes, actual
running time.
OILER ON A STEAMER— A Subscrib
er, City. For a position as an oiler on
an ocean-going steamer make application
to the company for which you would like
to work. Tlje application will be referred
to the proper department and then you
will have to wait for an answer.
RICHEST MAN-H. M. t City. It has
been stated that the late Li Hung Chang
was the richest man in the world. That,
however, is only guess work, as the' rich
men of the world do not make declara
tion of their wealth, and statements in re
lation to the wealth of this man or that
man are only guess work.
CHRISTMAS BOXES— A. S.. Sacramen
to. Cal. . If ypu have any package intend
ed as a Christmas present for a sailor or
a. soldier- at Manila, send it to the quar
termaster's department, New Montgomery
and Jessie streets. San Francisco, and it
will be forwarded to destination by the
first United 'States vessel that sails for
that pprt. No vessel is specially desig
nated as "the Chri3tmas boat."
WEIGHT OF THE EAFfrH-lriqulrer.
City: i The- earth has never been placed
in the balance and weighed, but Its ap
proximate weight has been calculated.
The first scientist to work out the prob
lem was Professor Maskeleyne, who, in
1772, by repeated experiments, determined
that the attraction exerted by Mount
Schihallion, in Perthshire, Scotland,
caused the plumb line to deviate toward
the mountain nearly six seconds from the
perpendicular. TThen other philosophers—
Playfair, Cavendish and Hutton—deter
mined the structure of Schihallion and
placed the density of that mountain in
proportion to the density of the earth as
5 to 9. Then the comparative densities- of
the earth and water, which are about 5y 2
to 1: that is, if a cubjc foot of water
weighs 63 pounds, a cubic foot of earth
will weigh about 345 pounds. The cubic
contents of the earth was ascertained,
and from that its weight was calculated
at 5842 trillions of tons of 2240 pounds
each, or a value In pounds represented by
is,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo,ooo. . -
SAM FRANCISCO'S ELITE SOCIETY OF YEARS AGO
AND HOW THEY ENTERTAINED.
. One cf the most interesting stories of earl-yvday life in this city. '
that has ever been published. Illustrated with rare photographs. r;.v;V*^
THE EIGGEST PANORAMA
PHOTO EV£R TAKEN AND
HOW IT WAS DONE.
EMMA CALVE AND HER PRO-
TEGE, EDNA DAR.CH.
CURIOUS THINGS IN THE
ONE OF THE NOTABLE ART '
GALLERIES OF SAN FRAN- ?"#£
KING AND QUEEN OF SIAM '; %
TO VISIT SAN FRANCISCO.
POSTER PAGE BY GELETT
BURGESS. 7 . .
SUNDAY CALL CHRISTMAS EDITION OUT DECEMBER 15
A special issue full of California stories by Western writer*
The mast interesting Christmas issue erer published on the coast
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Lovers of beautifuly bound books ar^
intensely interested in the Grclier So
ciety of Great Britain, which ha
been started In Great Russell str
conjunction with the Grolier SocU
the United States.
The Grolier Society, as the name sug
gests, is intended to supply but one com^
modity of books— that class of books only
which will meet the requirements >
lectors and connoisseurs who appr
limited editions, bold type, broad mar
gins, fine illustrations, honest paper an<l
artistic binding, and have always
compelled to pay high prices for their
books.
The first set of booka to be issued by the
Grolier Society will be the compl.
of the novels of Charles Lever, edited b .
the novelist's daughter, which is •
pear in thirty-seven octavo volum
gether with all the original steel fngrav
ings and etchings, over 600 in num» •
Phiz, George Cruikshanks and othe
known artists.
In all there are to be 400 copies
the "edition deflnitif" and a hundred o<
the autograph edition de luxe, extra u
lustrated. each copy being numbered and
registered.
The binding is really superb. It is In
full polished calf, hand-tool«d, by Zaihns
dorf. The price is 35 shillings (18 75). (
have seen this edition. It is really very
fine, and. indeed, 1s expected in a few
years to be worth three times its present
value.
Naturally the coronation of the Kin?
will be an event for the poets.
Of this there are already signs. That
old and well-known magazine. Goo 1
Words, has invited odes on the corona
tion, and will give a first prize of £a>
($250) and lesser prizes for odea sent In.
No doubt there will be plenty of them
They are to be Judged by a small com
mittee of literary men.
I hear that about a hundred different
biographies of the King and Queed are
in preparation and will see the ligh'
next year.
In his attitude toward the literary
¦world the King, I hear. Is continuing th ¦.
wholesome tradition established by Queen
Victoria. Presentation copies of new
works which are sent by authors with i
view to self-advertisement are returned
or ignored, but the utmost consideration
is given applications for permission t >
forward a copy to the Royal Library.
In these matters the Windsor librarian
—and it is only he who comes in contact
with the authors in this aspect— has suit
able discretion, which he e-xercises. It is
admitted, with care and satisfaction.
Some important works are sent to th^
Royal Library by their publishers under
well understood discretion exercised by
themselves, but there is no systematic
examination of new book lists with ,i
view to purchase.
Three of the most notable books of tho
autumn publishing season are from the
pens of well-known society women.
"La Chartreuse of Parma" has been
translated by Lady Mary Lloyd, who is
aunt of Lord Dondughmore and his two
pretty artistic slaters.
Lady Mabel Howard, who wrote "The
Failure of Success," is a sister of Lord
Antrim. Lady Mabel married Mr. How
ard of Greystoke Castle, Penrith, over
twenty years ago. Husband and wif^
have just been entertaining their kins
man. Sir Redvers Buller, whose cause
they are enthusiastically championing,
and Mr. Howard has abandoned Liberal
Unionism as a protest against the treat
ment meted out to the general.
Mrs. Maxwell-Scott's "Biography of
Henry Schomberg Kerr, Sailor and' Jes
uit." might please even tfte crfHtflSF ta«ta
of Lord Rosebery.
A Scott of Abbotsford ought 'to write
well. This authoress is one of a brilliant
family, her sisters including Lady O'Con
nor, wife of the British Embassador 'at
Constantinople, and Mrs." Winifred. Ward,
whose thoughtful novel, "One Poor
Scruple," received so much praise- two or
three, years ago. : . : , ,.. > i .i c
"There is a good deal of trouble 1n Co
lon," remarked the Observant Boarder.
"Yes, the belligerents may reduce the
place to a semicolon," > added the Cross
eyed Boarder.— Pittsburg Chronicle-Tele
graph. . . .-. »« v • • 7 ; ,
"What's the name of that book that
shows the social standing of the aristo
cratic families?" inquired the seeker after
knowledge.
"Bradstreet's," promptly replied the
man who knew.— Philadelphia Press. .
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. To wnsend. •
Choice candles. Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit 5Cc per lb at TownsencTs.*
Special Information supplied / daily to ■,
business houses and public men * by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043 ". •> ■New Romantic Love Story "!Hk /$M^ J^ © An Unique Historical Series • I
By BOOTH TARKINGTON % /B ' I Ti jT^ /~N B y IDA M - TARBELL
Author of " The Gentleman from Indiana " and Wi Si 11 |' I 1 fM Author of " Life of Napoleon," " The L : .fe of Lincoln,"
#VV • n. r rr 1 °'ru- \ • *™ * -*<ih**- -^ j_ i n an intensely human way that f£zZSi2£J?$\
* - w in AicClurt • s. This new novel rings - _■; ■ _ . • • . ■ . i- r — J. - , , ■* ., -M • j w^ ■ awfif
, - f1 4 i c , ,• . j j- • ~ W\ iS^W^ her work has been so universally appreciated ST.
with the same fresh, romantic note and dis- \?X$k M$5 w v 1 j j t- * • 1 u f • t« 2^1 *^W
,-vi ., 'I, r , .. . ISsV ism ■ by general readers and historical scholars. In Hps;
plays the same rare gift of dramatic construe- W^ / - _ t ja^ m., th ' "t h "t th \^> -
successes and keep them in demand to-day. |H _.^^ Hi ti& Jffl ' H ffl Real Story of the Standard Oil "^3^^"*^-,,^
culture and much joy of life, whed .the rigors -JL V ' J^. *&***&' JmL*& J&L. J^*. A o/the'experie'nc^ of this corpo^atkTn hive ' '
of the ruder pioneer life had passed away and . , €T JT , , ; . been evolved the principles of all the . largest "-^^
too-™ tarkingt^ te people were stlU untouched by the com * # '*V«S A A a ' • '• business organizations of our day. The story tells* of. the struggles ;
_ , ' mercial spirit that came with the railroads. A. U |^| g| jj and achievements, the extraordinary fights, moves and counter moves,
in the bustle of people and events constantly appear the hero and J^ %J g fej?A ** \J &A : '- . for the establishment, development and supremacy of the first and |j
heroine, whose love is the main theme of the story. This ideal love [_ \ _ __^_ : _ . _ still the most powerful of all the trusts. It is alive with dra- '
story is the more interesting because it comes out of a characteristic : ■ ■, . , - . - — •• ' -■=•• • " _ . _ J matic episodes as exciting as are found in novels, tut they are true.
American period that has never before been so beautifully portrayed. • . • • :
two novelettes of American William Allen White • Greatest of -the Old Masters To the North Pole with The McClure Story Little Stories of Married Life :
LIFE uaui nuc - u vv " By JOHN LA FARGE. Baldwin TS becoming recognized as something just TyfARY STEWART CUTTING has taken
A Battle Of Millionaires On Platt, TUlman, Cleveland and Others THE Baldwin . Zieglcr is the most com . as distinct and characteristic as the x x for her own a comer of life which is
BT^«to«rf^w.ll8t™SsSL- T HEau d>orof POLITICAL PORTRAITS >^ "\ X pletely organized Arctic expedition even f^ n r ' n S r Clentlfi f c «J»cle and the McClure open to all, but seldom entered into with such
By the author of "Wall Street Stories - 1 - of Bryan. Croker, Hanna, and Roosevelt >£§ sent out. Everything that human foresifjht human document. Our stones are interest- sympathy, insight and ability She will bring
PDWIN LEFEVRE tells the story of the is dear-eyed, honest, forceful and genial. / X could do has been done ; everything that "Jg— always interesting. Besides that, they out simple sweet stones Qf love and devo- .
"^ most remarkable fight that ever occurred With matchless literary skill he presents the / mK \ money could provide has been secured, and I ? ean something. They give a reader more tion, of trials meekly borne and joys K ladly
in Wall Street. The great financiers are pict- real man who stands misunderstood between / STTxLWSmSi \ the experts, Nansen among them, say that than a few minutes relaxation. Often they shared. •
urcd to the life. Though in the form of the admiration of his friends and the prcju- / JlJlV^HaA \ Baldwin will reach the Pole. have a significance as documents of contem- ROMANCE AND :/ /C*\
fiction, this thrilling narrative is fact, and dice of his enemies, saving him for the future; / /TWMm] \ Mr. Baldwin's own reports of his work— of poraneous me. Uiten they deal illuminat- REALITY OF J&J&-
discloses pieces of secret financial history. and he does it in a form that will last. I f/f% ' jfoiW* Wai I his approach, of his dash to the Pole— will mgly with matters of the deepest concern. CHILDHOOD f§#.'
T , T7^ oe< . !=»„„„«- - I CV S^&bSlA I appear especially in Even if Again they are stirring pieces of real hfe -rarjj t
The Forest Runner Clara Mnrri«?'c; Sta^e \ \&r $&^3/\ I frozen in after returning from the Pole he transmuted into literary form Josephine X^wSk
By STEWART EDWARD WHITE MOmS S itage \ M^fiL^J I will make use of his wonderful news-buoys Many new names will be found among the Dod^e Daskam JmSw^i
Author of "The Westerners" • Recollections \ '^^^^^^/ to send in reports and photographs to the * nt " s ° f , our sh ° r MS ne !- / he S - tOry 1S ? C 7 ' * f Z " J?$M WM
T - j . «t,. »,^r,T,Tf j t. • \ (S^^5M^*^^^y Magazine thing, and we seek the best stones, rather Author of "The Mad fflfflfflmn* iW&kk
T^HE tale of a race and j»&L r -> QLARA MORRIS is drawing further on her • \Wtf§£$&ftW fr / Magazine. , than the well-known names. Nonetheless, ness of Philip," etc. w= iKS*/ E^D
maneuvers fora for- "%*&i/S* recollections of a rich stage life. She has NEWEST SCIENCE AND DISCOVERY authors who are now famous (and many of add to her famous groi p 5; "^T
est claim in the woods a^^jLjll understood the people she has played with, QCIENTIFIC inventions are kept secret whom have become famous since their first of youngsters " Edgai, W &'!)
of Michigan-a fresh, !j%sfc\ and P^sents them asshe knew them with the raphaklTZ^Tmadonna usually till results aA ih sight, so that appearance in McClur/s Magazine) will be the Choir Bov Uncelcs- I / \&:J
clear-cut American J^^j^> appreciation of a sympathetic woman and Raphaels ink madon «» «J» "» a » magazine in this . found frequently in our page, during the tial," "Ardelia in Ar- t fa Wj I
story, idyllic m us con- -*£ J*«^ the k mdness o fag «~™»»^"'^J"'" 1 - T HIS series is an event ; no magazine could fidd can VaTnounced now. % next year. cady." and others. Mi s > f\JM " j
SltticTnthattfreat Vi^ tnft &« d« read Jmost l^rsiodes Sh" X h^pe to give anything more important to Mafconi who is sure of a marvelous exten- Rudyard Kipling will tell in his old virile Cory's drawings will a, W |^ .;
of a conflict o^ com- 0'LcCp will write of Salvini, Rachel, Bernhardt, Mrs. the wo rid Mr. La Farge conserve the sion of his wire l ess telegraphy, will describe njnner some new, stirring and wholesome ever enhance .the in. f® |g|
rnerc^al interests "^,^^Sf* Siddons ahd others great artistic traditions of the old masters m t hi s , his latest achievement, as he did his taIes - ' terest - W Ii|
merc.al interests. ~£Mm£i bidCons. and others. his own painting, is recognized by Americans, McC l ure >s Magazine George Ade, whose fables have echoed „ T »
ReminiS- ' 9 " Mr. DooleV " On His and even more emphatia ally by Europeans, as Edison and his New storage Battery. An merrily throughout the land, is entering a Emmy LOU, Mrs. ig^^iSg*
CenCeS Of 2 * '. TrPVP^ Kn't Kd 1 M?3 An« to Ra invcntion which is almost revolutionary in new field ' .His forthcoming short stories Martin's winsome little **-*>
CeilCeS 01 3 Afej^S^3§WS» V 3 : * 1 ravelS °r 1 , ?„ S h^S;! character, will be the subject of an article by will appear in heroine, continues her / Reda wil i]iustratioIl
FamOUS jfflKflfg F P DUNNE /^ m , Hf^gSSti onlyt Ray Stannard Baker. Frank H. Spearman. New Railroad career in the pjblje " i»-.H^ ; b, ..
Journalists W^^ffllP^ Z ( r \ D °° A ley } \fT S. and he can make all he feels clear and delight- The Marvels of Modern Surgery will be Stones. school, g o ng up from F.Y.Cory.
u- '**Vfu^£fcvSBB&-T has wonNthe Amer- Jffi'fcflpfHf ful to us because he is not only a consummate described by Samuel Hopkins Adams, and F. Hopkinson Smith. Tale of a typical |" °f t u /",,"; "ictnred hv C T Hintnn
F°V h oP7 e ?u S co 1 8 J fj L Can u PU ?- 1C^f S " 1U m\S P^ inter - but a writer of the rarest * ifts - The he wil1 show what grcat P ro & rcss has been sea ca P tain - JVZ&* faithfully pictured by C. L. Hinton.
GEORGE WASH- " "^(^^tV-* by the kindly, sym- 1 "* CS^ illustrations will be tint reproductionsof THE made toward prolonging human life. Joel Chandler Har- yS*H&S*S Other contributors to the fiction of the
BURN SMALLEY was <s^^fe^rf il . pathetic humanity of XJW WORLD'S CHIEF TREASURES OF ART. A New Race of Forest Dwarfs (not merely ris. Tales of the South. 4-^^^ year will be Henry Van Dyke, Anthony
the chief American '-U*<£ SfwL his comments as by a new tribe) has been discovered in Central Hamlin G arl and ?#^ Wft Ho P e ' WiIliam Allen White, Elizabeth
newspaper correspon- JS8 a Y% a^ o A O" u* A T?^Uf^e Africa. Sir Harry Johnston, the discoverer, India™ Stories oict' tifvlffif Stuart Phelps, Sarah Orne Jewett, Seumas »
dent in Europe, received ''^|?K and the y «. NJ^i Bordei " FlghtSand Fighters wiU describe these men ; and from his own ur e cue and ealisdc MacManus.
Sa^cTiS&S JM J^SJSSSLS david Crockett, sam Houston,' Paraphs drawings will be reproduced. >^^ Illustrations That Illustrate
saswacs ,,.J DAmEL l°^Y G nT^^r LLlAU on ities f W^^mm w\ A*£??si'i£2G&i' <>?%£&}■
ship of writers and actors. T^jT'* Magazine he will char- gYWm. Barclay Parsons, chief engineer of OctaveThanet a vn ru S F P. ,? °* BEAV J Y
The late Oueen Victoria * U acterize the typical New Yorker, B Etonian, pYRUS T. BRADY, the author of " Amer- the new underground railway of New Western Stories thai AND CHARM. In the forthcoming numbers
and Lord Salisbury. Lord £' . Philadclphian, the inhabitant of Chicago ican Fights and Fighters," etc., etc., York. Mr. Parsons will compare the various ' JJg stc ™ w e Jtern Robert Blum, Howard ;Pyle,- Albert Sterner.
Rosebery Bernhardt and Reduced nins- An d Washington, showing how ih a different writes a series of tales of life on the border, ways London. Pans, Berlin, Boston, Chicago .. western Ft HOPKINSON SMITH Ernest L.Blumenschem, Howard. Chandler
Irvine Browning and Bis- £22|g£I?2 types of our fellow countrymen have been showing how these most typical American and New York are solving the problem and w'DHulbert Animal Stnri^ fThe £ hnst^' „ i? ' ru' , e y °A C ° X> ,, n - ry
marck and Gambetta will FmtSt Runner ' developed. If only for the revelation of men of action pushed the border outward, will tell of the thousand and one difficulties j™- £- «»»«* • A . mmal Stones The Hutt, C. Harding, Charles S. Chapman, Miss .
be the best of this distinguished journalist's ourselves to ourselves this new work* will The lives of these men are such stories as which beset those who plan and execute %,*(. "L 1 .'* e . , Cor y' C ; L ' Hl "" n ' the Misses Cowles and
memories. have incalculable value. no novelist would dare invent. these great undertakings. \ __ /Robert Barr. Stories of Adventure. many others will be represented.
THE best evidence of the value of McCLURE'S is its large circulation, which I — -. I A SUBSCRIPTION TO McCLURE'S IS THE BEST POSSIBLE
has averaged 378,000 a month during the past year and is steadily growing. T _^ -r^,r^ -r*-%-r-* -ft* xr-* «,ttt^ T-fcT^<-n-^ CHRISTMAS GIFT
pom, .0 ° S ut? " SSmSSSSSSi^S^^vS. a be d s .^amyUn«m g :n° AT ANY PRICE IT IS THE BEST &&& p™,.™ a .»» ,». & «. .0 „, -*» ,
thinking men and women. The most enterprising business concerns appreciate this W|^ , w^ —^ Send Subscription and Inquiries to
fact, and have chosen McCLURE'S above all as the medium in which to present ff^^ H^n 1 1 >«^» **•*>. .***. TXJTT C Q T\/T/%r i T TTTPT7 r*f\
their wares to public attention. The advertising, too, is of a most interesting char- f? B <T^ A g Jg ff\ | g *f *>5 Tf fi-* S-B - T^ inr ' °* AVlC^l-# U SS>C \*\J.
acter. Just as much brains, energy and skill are spent in its preparation and editing V/ I BlL* JL J V J -B. JL €Jk* J. JL \Zf Q, J, Fa<?t Street NfW Ynrk N" V
as are put into any form of journalistic enterprise. ** W * 3 *^ 'V^-*-*^^/-* ****» .Cd&t -6^U1 Oircci, 1NCW I OrK, IN. I.jr,
MERCHANTS SEEK
RAILROAD'S GOLD
Sue to Recover Millions
Prom the White
Pas 3 Line.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 6.— A suit in
volving many millions of dollars will be
instituted soon by Higgin & Elliott of
this city against the British Yukon Com
pany, under which name thj White Pass
and Yukon route is registered, on behalf
of a number of Victoria merchants doing
business with the Yukon district. The
claimants ask for the return of all
moneys the White Pass and Yukon Rail
way has taken for freight and passenger
traffic since the railway was put into
operation in 1898. The action will .be tried
before the Supreme Court in Victoria and
will go In turn to the highest court in
the land, the Imperial Privy Council. «
The contention of claimants is that un
der its charter the White Pass and
Yukon Railway is compelled to have its
schedule of rates approved by the Do
minion Government. According to ad
vices received from Ottawa this approval
has not been ordered, although agents of
the railway company are now in Ottawa
endeavoring to make arrangements to
that end. it seems that the railway com
pany did not submit its schedule in Ot
tawa until this year and the schedules
have been returned by the Minister of
Kail ways for adjustment-
Claimants contend that the rates
charged by the White Pass and Yukon
Railway were extortionate and that they
are entitled, therefore, to a return of,
their money. Not only do they allege
that the rates were extortionate, but that
secret rebates were granted to competi
tors. When the amount of the total rates
paid to the company since its operation
are taken into account, the sum to be
refunded, should the action be decided
iigainst the company, will run into the
millions.
The claimants meet the suggestion that
the road starts from Skagway, in Amer
ican territory, by the claim that Skagway
is in Canada and is claimed by Canada.
The charter of the railway company
reads that the road shall be built from
some point at the head of Lynn Canal to
Selkirk, In Northwest Territory. The mer
chants who are suing rely on section 290
of the Canadian railway act, which reads:
Every person from whom any railway com
pany exacts any unjust or- extortionate - toll,
rate or charge shall, in addition to the amount
po unjustly exacted, be entitled to recover from
the company, as damages, an amount equal to
thre» times the amount so unjustly exacted.
A number of cases are instanced where
b jits have bern decided against railway
companies on this ground.
Pinioned Under Fallen Tree.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. C— Henry Cox of
Occidental had a narrow escape from
death yesterday. He was engaged . in
chopping down a large oak tree. . It fell
in the wrong direction and pinioned him
to the ground. After an hour's work
Cox'* companions extricated him from
his position. While one of his legs was
broken in two - places, he was not
badly hurt otherwise. One of the limbs
had prevented the body of the tree fail
ing directly upon him. although he was
pinioned just beneath it.
Herrera to Box Baker.
BAKJERS FIELD. Dec. t— Aurello Hfr
rrra. the boxer, whose stock was soaring
skyward until he met Terry McGovern.
has signed articles'of agreement to* fight
Tom Baker at Fresno next week. The
bout will be straight Marquis of Queens
berry rules. A preliminary will be ar
ranged between Mauro Herrera, a brother
of Aurelio. and Billy Crawford of Madera.
DRUGGIST FACES
MURDER CHARGE
Serious Accusation Is
Preferred Against
T. M. Lash.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 6.— T. M. Lash, for
twenty years a druggist In this city and
known throughout the State as the manu
facturer of certain proprietary tonics and
bitters, was arrested this afternoon on a
complaint charging him with murder. The
accusation was sworn to by Mrs. Virginia
Buck, mother of Mrs. Xellie Dewey, who
died on November 15 and was buried four
days thereafter. Mrs. Buck charges that
Lash caused her daughter's death by
means of a criminal operation. The Coro
ner was not notified of the death, and the
certificate, signed by Dr. C. O. Cartwrlght,
one of the most prominent physicians in
the city, gave blood poisoning as the cause
of the young woman's demise. Afterward
It developed that when Dr. Cartwright
was -called into the case he informed Mrs.
Dewey's relatives that she had . been
wrongfully operated upon. After her
death they complained at the police sta
tion that Lash had performed the opera
tion but they Could not at that time pre
sent evidence sufficient to justify an ar-
Since then Lash has stated his case to
the public, declaring that he is entirely
innocent of the charge; that the only deal
ing he had with Mrs. Dewey was to sell
her a bottle of one of his standard prepa
rations, and that when a few days later
he found she was very sick he advised
that an experienced physician be sent for.
He says that the husband of Mrs. Dewey
has- since admitted that his wife had by
her own act brought on the condition
which resulted In her death.
It appears, however, that the authorities
will proceed with the case on the conten
tion that Lash caused the death, and that,
If he is not guilty of actual murder, he is
guilty of manslaughter.
MURDERER • GREEN GOES
CALMLY TO HIS DEATH
Expresses Hope on Gallows That His
Fate Will Be a Warning to
Others.
CASCADE LOCKS. Or., Dec. 6.— James
G. Green was hanged in Stevenson,
Wash., at 7;45 this morning in the pres
ence of seventy-five persons. He walked
to the scaffold and betrayed no indica
tion of a breakdown. When asked if he
had anything to say he replied:
"I hcf>e this will be an example to the
public and I warn everybody to keep out
of such scrapes." • - -
His neck was broken by the fall.
Green murdered E. V. Benjamin on
March 24 at Underwood's Landing,
Skamanta County. Wash. Benjamin was
at a party and Green shot through the
window while the guests were eating
supper. Green was engaged to be mar
ried to Mrs. Nellie Brown, but at her
solicitation the engagement was broken.
Green believed that Benjamin was re
sponsible for the estrangement and was
determined to be revenged.
Railways Elect Officers.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Dec. 6.— The follow
ing officers were elected at the annual di
rectors' meeting of the Santa Fe. Pres
cott and Phoenix Railroad and the Pres
cott and Eastern and Bradshaw Moun
tain railways, held in New York, yester
day: President. F. M. Murphy; vice pres
ident. E. D. Kenna; secretary*. Wallace
Fairbanks; assistant secretary. L. C Dem
ing; treasurer. Wallace Fairbanks; as
sistant treasurer. H. W. Gardiner, gen
eral counsel. Victor Morawetz; general at
torney, W. C. Campbell.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER?, 1901.
AN ENTERPRISING AMERICAN
OFFERS TO RESCUE CAPTIVE
•-V ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— There is one
£ enterprising American who is prepared to rescue Miss Stone from the clutches of
the desperate brigands who holcLher captive. The State Department has received
a letter from this adventurer announcing that for $10,000 he will guarantee to save
Miss Stone and deliver her safely to the American legation in Constantinople. He shrewdly
figures that as $66,000 has been raised to ransom the woman, the Government or Miss Stone
herself will be $56,000 better oft by employing his services. The application has not been
granted by the department, which proposes to continue its diplomatic efforts to effect
the prisoner's liberation. ■ . ■ .
Another cable dispatch was received by Secretary Hay from Spencer Eddy, American
charge in Constantinople, regarding his negotiation with the brigands. Communication is slow
and Eddy is experiencing great difficulty in convincing the brigands that it is impossible to
TETANUS YIELDS
TO NEW SERUM
Physicians Cure a Victim
of Lockjaw in Santa
SANTA ANA, Dec. 6.— That tetanus
may be successfully treated with the new
ly discovered serum has been demon
strated in Orange by Dr. Wood of that
city and Dr. Bruner of Santa Ana. Wen
dell Travoll, five years of age, accidental
ly cut his foot on a rusty nail two weeks
ago. A few days later lockjaw set in.
The two physicians decided to use the
serum treatment as a last resort.
After six injections the deadly tetanus
yielded, the convulsions gradually sub
sided'and the patient is now considered
out of danger. - The serum is taken from
tetanus patients and acts practically in
the same manner as the virus used in
inoculating against smallpox.
JURY DECLARES BUSH
GUILTY OF ABDUCTION
San Francisco Man Who Carried Off
a St. Helena Woman Must
'*■■ V Pay the Penalty.
NAPA, Dec. 6.— Joseph Bush of San
Francisco was convicted in the Superior
Court here yesterday on a charge of ab
duction. He will be sentenced next Mon
day.. ■ '
The crime of which Bush stands con
victed was committed on the night of No
vember 14. With two accomplices, Bush
went, to Vallejo from San Francisco, hired
a livery team and drove out to St. Helena.
There he carried off Annie Lightenfelt
from the Stone Bridge House and. 'drove
to Vallejo ■with the ■woman, where they
were overhauled by the police.
Bush and Miss Lightenfelt had been liv
ing together for two years. The woman
left Bush and came to this valley. He
followed her and on his arrival in St. He
lena took her away with .him by force.
. Old subscribers to The Call are en
titled to the privilege of securing a
copy of Cram's Superior Atlas of the
World upon payment of $1 50, the
premium rate. BaPM
GALE PRESAGES
RAIN'S COMING
Los Angeleno3 Are Ex
pecting a Heavy
Storm.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 6.— No rain has
fallen here as yet. The weather to-day
has been clear and pleasant, but to-night
the wind shifted to northwest and is blow
ing a gale. The temperature has fallen
perceptibly and -the' conditions presage a
storm of some sort, though the sky is
clear. ; - •'•
MERCED,- Dec. 6.— After the spell of
wet weather since Thanksgiving, during
which time nearly two inches of rain has
fallen, the clouds and fog cleared away
this morning. The abundant moisture has
been of incalculable benefit to thi» section.
Summer-fallowed grain is all in and thriv
ing nicely, while winter sowing is well
advanced. There is an abundance of
winter feed and numerous bands of cattle
and' sheep are being brought in from other
sections to graze. General crop conditions
were never more favorable for Merced
Cbunty than at present.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec> 6.— Following a
high wind last night rain commenced to
fall- shortly after midnight and continued
at Intervals until this morning, after
which the clouds broke for a time. At
10 o'clock the sky- darkened and rain fell
during the' afternoon. High water in
Kern River is riot expected for some time
to come. ■
NAPA. Dec. 6.-The rainfall during the
twenty-four hours ending at 7 o'clock
this evening amounted to .35 of an inch.
The total for the season is 11.01 Inches.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 6.— A brisk shower
this morning was San Diego's share of the
storm. It is. clear to-night.
Mrs. Bane .Gets Divorce.
WILLOWS, Dec 6.— The court yester
day decided the divorce case oT Bane vs.
Bane, which, created quite a stir here sev
eral weeks ago from the fact that it wns
tried behind closed doors, and the plain
tiff acted as her own attorney.. Mrs. Bane
was granted the divorce prayed for. The
property rights were "decided against her,
but" she was granted the custody of the
children and a monthly allowance
PRICE OF RAISINS
MOVING UPWARD
Movement on Foot to
"Corner" Remainder
of Crop.
FRESNO, Dec. 6.— There Is a movement
on foot to corner the remainder of the
crop of raisins— in fact, the move is prac
tically consummated, according to the
best advices. The "approved" companies
composing the American Raisin Packing
Company, familiarly known as the "High
Five," are the principals in the deal. The
"High Five" Company has nearly all the
raisins of the California Growers' Asso
ciation in its grasp and its agents are
securing the outside crops, which have
been held by growers In the hope of high
er prices. There Is a great demand for
raisins and the price has advanced from
2V> to 3% cents per pound.
: Speculators are in the field, hoping to
realize on the turn in the market. The
packers who failed to get the approval of
the Growers' Association at the begin
ning of the season are in the scramble
for raisins, as are Eastern brokers. The
Growers' Association has sold to the
"High. Five" 2200 carloads of raisins and
the association has on hand 400 carloads
not confirmed. The "High Five" has of
fered to take the 400 carloads at the old
figure— 2^4 cents— but th? association is
holding them for an advance. Growers
outside of the association have sold 750
carloads, and it is estimated they hold 300
carloads unsold. The struggle is for the
possession of those 300 carloads. Rosen
berger Bros, of San Francisco, acting as
agents for the "High Five," offered 3^4
cents in Fowler yesterday and Inderrieden
& Co. of the "Low Five" offered 34 cents.
Although the American Raisin Packing
Company has shipped the 2200 carloads
East, it is strongly suspected that the
raisins have not been sold to dealers, but
are held for speculative purposes.
President Kearney's cut in prices early
In the season, to punish outside growers,
has acted in the nature of a boomerang,
as the outsiders are being paid more i for
their raisins than are the association
growers.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. '6. —This city Is stirred up
over the wholesale poisoning of dogs. Many
of valuable breeding have been killed by some
miscreant. Twenty doss were poisoned last
night.
CUSTOMS AGENTS
SEIZE A PAYCAR
Accuses Southern Pacific
Men of Smuggling
Cigars.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz... Dec. 6.— The paycar
of the Southern Paciflc Railway was held
up in Nogales yesterday by the Custom
house authorities and Paymaster C. J.
Robinson and Guard M. A. Wilson were
arrested, charged with smuggling! Mexi
can cigars across the border. The cigars
were found in the paycar and the cus
toms laws allow the Government the
privilege of confiscating any conveyance
upon which the smuggled goods are
found- ; ,
Although the cigars were of lnsignltt
cant value compared with the amount of
money the paycar contained, yet Cus
toms Collector Doane and deputies held
the car for twenty-four hours, unt'.l
proper action was taken by the Govern
ment prosecutors. The affair was a seri
ous one- for the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and it at once appealed to the Sec
retary of the Treasury, who ordered the
car released. At a late hour last night the
paycar was turned over to Paymaster
Robinson, he having obtained his own re
lease upon bond. Both Robinson and Wil
son were allowed to go upon giving bonds
to appear on January 10 before the
United States Commissioner in Nogales.
The customs officers claim that Pay
master Robinson had frequently smuggled
cigars from Mexico while he was in
Nogales paying employes of the Southern
Pacific, and upon the appearance of the
paycar yesterday Collector Doane de
tailed deputies to watch him. It Is al
leged that guards saw a Mexican enter
the car with boxes of cigars, which were
brought from the Mexican side of the
line The deputies then seized the car
and' searched it. finding twenty-three
boxes of cigars, which the Mexican had
delivered. Paymaster Robinson and
Guard Wilson were immediately placed
under arrest. ;
The Customs Collector claims to have a
strong case against the paymaster and
guard and proposes to place his evidence
before the United States Grand Jury.
Meets a Frightful Death.
JAMESTOWN, Dec. 6.— A shocking ac
cident occurred at the Eagle Shawmut
mine, seven miles south *of here, this
morning. The company's mill was being
started under the direction of Georga A.
Webster. In moving about he slipped on
the wet floor and fell, the upper part of
his body falling on the rapidly moving
wire cable connecting the electric motor
with the main shaft. In an instant the
unfortunate man was drawn against the
bis pulley and his head severed from his
body Webster was a native of Tuol
umne County. He was master-elect of
George Washington Lodge, Free and Ac
cepted Masons, of Chinese Camp, and a
member of Tuolumne Lodge. Independent
Order of Odd Fellows, of Columbia.
Walnut Creek Han Hissing.
WALNUT CREEK, Dec. 6.— Anton Mat
tleson. a butcher, left this place two
weeks ago with a load of hogs for the
Oakland market. On his arrival in Oak
land he disposed of his hogs and two
horses. His family has not heard from
him since and fears that some misfortune
has befallen him. Messages have been
forwarded to the different Sheriffs, but
thus far no trace of him has been found.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec. 6.— The boilermakers
In the employ of the Southern Pacflle Company
in Kern City, who^were out on strike because
of the discharge of an employe named Ander
son have returned to work. Anderson was re-
Instated by Master Mechanic French.
STEAMER ELK
SAFE IN PORT
Last of the Nome Fleet
Has a Tempestuous
Voyage.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Dec. 1—
The long overdue steamer Elk No. 1
arrived to-day, forty-seven days from
Nome. She is the last of the Alaska fleet
of steamers to arrive. The Elk brought
five passengers, and, according to their
story, the vessel had a most eventful
voyage, with many narrow escapes from
being wrecked. On the way down the
Elk encountered an almost continual gale
and was compelled to seek shelter at
every available place.
The first of the Elk's mishaps occurred
on the night of November 3, when her
rudder was carried away. When daylight
came It was found that the craft had
drifted dangerously close to the rocky
beach and Captain Dunham determined
to run the vessel on the beach. A jury
rudder was rigged and while seeking a
favorable place the Elk struck a rock,
carrying away her condensers. She was
successfully beached, but before her rud
der and condensers could be repaired a
storm came up and the craft had to be
worked off by the use of sails. For three
days she was buffeted about in a helpless
condition.
On November 10 Kadiak was reached,
wliere the rudder and machinery were re
paired and the little craft again started
on her journey. Between Unga and Ka
dlak the severest storm was experienced
and all on board had given up hopes oJ
reaching shore. Besides having a tumultu
oua sea to contend with her safety was
endangered by ice forming from spray.
and several times all hand3 were called
to cut away ice.
The Klk reports having sighted the mall
steamer Discovery at "Wood Island on
November 14. Grave fears have been en
tertained for the safety of the Discovery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUR HOLIDAY SHIRTS.
Collars and cuffs will be right if we do
them. "We do only first class laundry
work, and we put a finish on linen that
good dressers appreciate. We do every-
thing right. Including the delivery on
time. We call for and deliver.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
.Offica IOO4- Marks: Strii*:
Telephone — South 42O,
OaKiand Office -54- San Pablo Avo,
78
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BE LAS CO **"> THAEG&jfojtfMz
>A C' --^** D ~ tmssBtarriutA
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Ev'g. last Times
Dion Boucicault's Great American Drama, The
STREETS OF
NEW YORK.
The Big Scenic Production of the Tear.
See tbe Great Fire Scene.
Startling Effects— Exciting Climaxes.
DDirEC Evenings ......10c to 50c
I AlvC 3 Matinees -10c. 16c, 25c
Next Monday—' 'THE ELECTRICIAN.' '
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). Dec. 7.
Parquet, any seat, 2«c; balcony, , 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
VAUDEVILLE REIGNS SUPREME
Durnond's Parisian Minstrels, Wer-
den and Shepherd, La Tortajada,
and the Biograph. Last times of
the Orillaw Trio, Mile. Taglione,
Goleman's Trained Dogs and Cats,
and the Kaufmann Troupe. s .
*TI VOLi*
EVENINGS AT 9 SHARPt
Matinee Saturday Only at 2 Sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
MATINEE TO-DAY. TO-NIGHT and SUN-
DAY NIGHT.
"A Gaiety Girl."
MONDAY. December 9— Last "Week.
"IN" TOWN"."
POPUIaAB PRICES 25c. 50c and 75o
Telephone Bush 9.
COLUMBIANS!
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY LAST TIMES
FAMOUS FUNNY FARCE.
TBE GIRL FROM MAXIM'S.
The Best of AH New York Successes.
Beginning NEXT«DAY,
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
JEFFERSON DE ANOELIS,
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty
"A ROYAL ROGUE."
SEATS NOW READY.
Opening of the Stock Star Season Last Nisht r
A TREMENDOUS SUCCESS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
The Crust of Society
Week Beginning Monday Evening Next.
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In the Celebrated Sardou Play,
"A WIFE'S PERIL*"
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 23c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, ?5c.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT.
LAST TIME
A STRANGER in a
STRANGE LAND.
6EATS NOW SELLING for TO-MORROW
(SUNDAY) Night and Remainder of
Week, for the Young Romantic
Actor.
S. MI.LLER KENT,
J»resentlng Nat. C. Goodwin's Great Success,
"THE COWBOY AND THE LADY"
By Clyde Fitch.
Complete New York Knickerbocker Tluater
_ Production.
ClVHHATRr>AT
PELAECO & THALL Manage™
liAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
| M EMEMT JD .THE MMfiT
First Time at Popular Price*.
GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
Bnperb Coetume*! . _ Brilliant Production!
SEATS ON SALE 6 DAYS IN ADVANCE.
MONDAY — " CHRISTOPHER JR."
EDER JAI
*T CENTRAL PARK,
Eighth and Market Bts.
TO-DAY, Commencing at 2 P. M.
The greatest of the world's greatest sports as
played by Spanish players direct
FROM MADFUJD.
MORE EXCITING THAN BULL FIGHTING.
IT IS THE WONDER OF THE CENTURY.
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICANS vs.
The Champions oi California
TO-DAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK.
GENERAL, ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
Entire Grandstand Reserved 25 cents
LADIES FREE TO GRANDSTAND.
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one Elde of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale, and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, tanks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-'
pass tho entrance.*^-"
American and European plans.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
WILL DEMAND
LOWER RATES
TO THE EAST
Fruit Growers Complain
of Heavy Refriger
ation Charges.
Better Service Is^ Necessary
to- Insure Profit on
Shipments.
A decided stand was taken yesterday
by tbe Fruit Growers' Convention against
the practice of the railroad companies
confining: the refrigerator business to pri
vate parties or corporations. A practical
monopoly of this Hrfe of business now ex
ists and, according to the statements
made on the floor of the convention,' the
fruit grower is subjected to the most un
just and exorbitant charges.
The matter came up during the morn-
Ing session when the report of the perma
nent committee on transportation was
taken up for discussion. R. D. Stephens
of Sacramento, chairman of the commit
tee, and who has borne the brunt of the
light for lower rates and better service
on behalf of the fruit growers of the
State, spoke to his motion, asking "th«i
adoption of the report.
After explaining in detail the work of
the committee, he said in part:
The reduction / of time is one of the mosl
important factors, because as much good can
com* from that to the fruit 'grower as from
any other thing-. We must impress upon the
companies that unless the fruit arrives in the
Eastern markets in better condition than in
the past it cannot be distributed. The Im
mense profits from refrigeration have per
mitted those interested to virtually control not
only the distribution but the values of fruit
to a greater or less degree. AH the growers
of California ask is to be placed on an equal
ity, one with the other. The tact that the past
season has been comparatively prosperous is
dangerous from the fact that we might re
main dormant and not make any protest to
the railways against renewing contracts with
the refrigerating companies who had an abso
lute monopoly of refrigeration.
The slogan raised against Mr. Earl was
that he not only had controlled refrigeration,
but that he had a freight interest in transfer
ring and selling fruit. We want the railroad
companies to put on refrigerating cars as
they are doing in Washington and Oregon-
The growers are not charged one cent for re
frigeration from those States. Their fruits
are sent to markets in competition with ours.
It would be wrong for this convention to ad
journ without taking positive action in tills
matter. The fruit growers are masters of the
situation. The companies realize that as a
result of the memorial of May 21. I therefore
move that the convention Indorse the demands
mad« in the transportation committee's report
objecting to the railway companies renewing
or entering into contracts with Earl or
Armour or any other line; that we are opposed
to the private ownership and control of re
frigerator car lines; that we want the rail
way companies to carry out their contracts
made with the growers as a result of the
May memorial limiting the transit of decidu
ous fruits to six days to Chicago and nine days
to New York, and that the railway companies
own their refrigerating cars as does the Great
Northern Railway.
Edwin F. Adams of Santa Cruz second
ed the motion.
W. H. Aiken of Santa Cruz, speaking
to the question of time in transit, said
it was a most important factor, it was
true, but that care in packing for East
ern- markets was also essential. He re
lated incidents of a recent visit to New
York and the methods of handling fruit
in the auction houses, saying that the j
loss to poor packers in the lots he saw
was considerable. i
"It Is nice to meet here annually," said
E. Berwick, "and pass resolutions and
throw bouquets at the railroad companies.
If they promise to deliver fruit in New
York in nine days, let them do it, but
don't let them always make the poor fruit
grower their scapegoat."
A. N. Judd of Watsonville, an exten
sive shipper of apples, told of his expe
riences gained during a recent trip
through Oregon, and explained the differ
ences in freight rates. He said in part:
I found that every point was a terminal
point, and at points where they were paying
sixty cents to Missouri River points and sev
enty-five cents farther east per hundred
pounds on apples, I found from similarly lo
cated points we were paying $1 05. Refrigerat
ing charges instead of being $33 were $10 and
117 50, and no extra charge for Icing en route.
The growers shipped 30,000 chests of strawber
ries last year from the Hood River country
and are planting trees on that section to in
crease their orchard areas from 300 to 500 per
cent. Their prunes are competing with ours
and what they lack in sweetness they make
up in size. When I told them I was from
California they chuckled at the differences
among the Santa Clara growers, and said,
"You are making a market for our prunes
right along." These people are able to ship
apples oves. two long mountain ranges cheap
er than we can from Watsonville.
The report was adopted. As two of the
Kkw ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE HAIR BRUSH
Breeds Dandruff, Which Causes Fall-
ing Hair and Finally Baldness.
Prof. Unna, Hamburg, Germany,
European authority on skin diseases,
says that dandruff is as contagious as
any other malevolent disease, and that
one common source of the spread o*
dandruff is the use o£ the sahje hair
brush by different persons. The way to
•avoid catching dandruff or any other dis-
ease from another's brush, is to insist on
the use of Newbro's Herpleide. It not
only kills the dandruff germ, but It is
also an antiseptic that will prevent the
catching of any - disease whatever
through contagion of another's brush.
AMUSEME.NTS.
CHUTES*™ ZOO
Big Vaudeville Show.
special To-night i
GRAND PRIZE
CAKEWALK!
EVERY THURSDAY NIGHT,
• — THE AMATEURS.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
|j|^^ RACING
~^m^ffS Bu ~ v^K^B Every Week Day—
*SF ' Rain or Shine.
!>EW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND • RACETRACK.
Itcces etart at 2:15 p. m. ebarp.
Ferry-boat* leave San Francisco at 12 si.' and
12:>0, l, 1:39, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on . train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no Emoklcg. Buy your
ferry - ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cam at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electrla
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last rac«.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHAS. V. PRICK. Bt-cy. and Mgr.
FISCHER'S ■ co *Sfl5J8K 8 .«- i
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; John Desmond;
the Four Lerners; Blanche Reynolds; Kalaera-
tus; Dunning and Grimm; Oro. Bernard and
Oro. and Hlnrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats
25c. Matinee Sunday.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CAkL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 7, , 1901.
MONGOLIAN ASSASSIN SLAYS
LABORER IN VIEW OF WHITES
Hired Murderer Shoots Down His Victim on Business
Street in this Broad Light of Afternoon.
IN the presence of at least half a
dozen white men Wong Get, a Chi
nese laborer, was fatally shot on
Commercial street, near Kearny, at
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon, dying
a short time after receiving his wounds.
Four shots were fired at him at close
range, all of which took effect. Sergeant
Conboy, Detective Tom Gibson and Offi
cer Herlihy arrested three Chinamen on
suspicion of being implicated in the mur
der. One of them, who gave his name
as Yee Loon, was identified later by Dan
nie Love, a 14-year-old boy, who lives
at 1710 Stockton street, as the man who
fired the fatal shots. Love's story of the
shooting is as follows:
I was walking along Commercial street and
when near Kearny I saw two Chinamen fol
lowing another. When within a few feet of
the Chinese who was alone one of the men
who were following him drew a long revolver
and fired four shots at his victim. As he fell
to the sidewalk the man who did the shooting
threw the smoking revolver away and ran into
a house a few feet from wherfc his victim lay
breathing his last.
I stood in front of the murderer, hoping to
force him to run down the street, where a
number of white people were standing, but ho
brushed me aside and ran up the stairs.
I called to several police officers who had
arrived on the scene and hastily told them
of what I had seen. They quickly entered the
house into which the murderer ran, and lying
on a bed, partly undressed, they found Yee
Loon, the man who did the shooting. I am
positive that he is the murderer.
Witnessed by Whites.
At least twenty white people were
crossing ' Commercial street on Kearny
when the murder was committed. Many
of them, after the first shot was fired,
took to their heels, fearing that a gen
eral fusillade was about to .follow. As
soon as the police reached the scene the>
found the wounded. Chinaman lying in
the doorway of a house at 711 Commer
cial street. He was able to speak, but
members of the former committee are
out of the State, Chairman Cooper will
announce their successors in a few days.
N. W. Motherall of Hanford, on behalf
of the Supervisors of Kings County,-ex
tended an invitation to the convention to
meet in that city next year.
D. C. McCallum of Oroville presented
the claims of the northern citrus belt, and
John Dore of Fresno named Los Angeles.
Several of the delegates named San Fran
cisco. A vote was taken by the showing
of hands and the result was announced
as follows: Hanford 9, Los Angeles I,
Oroville 2 and San Francisco 17. As the
State' Board of Horticulture has the se
lection of the place of meeting, the result
of the vote will be sent to that body.
The chair announced the appointment
of the following committees:
Awards on fruit exhibits— E. Berwick, Pro
fessor HauBmann and Edward M. Ehrhorn.
Nicaragua canal-^E. Berwick, E. F. Adams
and B. N. Rowley.
H. P. Stabler in his paper, "County
Horticultural Boards and What They
Have Accomplished," which was read by
Secretary John Isaacs, said that there
were boards in twenty-nine of the coun
ties of the State, and that they were con
tinually working to exterminate fruit
pests and diseases and enforcing quaran
tine laws. . r ■■■
J. W, Nelson's paper on "The Fruit
Grower and His Work" was also read
by Secretary Isaacs. He said the fruit
industry at present brought to the State
$40,000,000 annually, and soon would reach
$100,000,000.
An interesting history of fruit pests,
parasites and insect life was read by Ed
ward M. Ehrhorh. The paper showed a
deep research and close acquaintance with
the habits, habitats and enemies of the
bane of the orchardist. •
Professor C. W. Woodworth of the de
partment of entomology of the Univer
eity of California gave a history of the
white flies of. California, illustrating his.
lecture by a series of charts. »
''Food Adulteration," by Professor M.
E. Jaffa of the University of California,
wae an able argument for the establish
ment of a State bureau of inspection
which would have power to examine all
samples submitted to it, declare the re
sult and publish the name of the offend
ing manufacturer. He said such a plan
had been followed in many Eastern States
and was productive of much good. He
devoted considerable attention to the use
of preservatives and explained their ac
tion on the human stomach.
Alexander Craw's paper dealt with
"What California Has Done for Agrioul
ture." He gave a history of the efforts
to exterminate insects and enforce quar
antine laws.
W. 0. Emerson closed the programme
by an entertaining essay on birds in their
relation to horticulture and agriculture.
The final business of the session was
tbe passage of votes of thanks to - the
State; Board of Horticulture for the ex
cellent programme -presented, to the press
for Its reports, to Chairman Cooper and
Vice Chairman Wickson for their fair
ness and courtesy and to B. N. Rowley,
Chairman of the > committee of ; arrange
ments, for his work.
The convention then adjourned without
day, . . . '
LATEST VICTIM OF THE HIGHBINDERS, THE MURDERER AND A
CHINESE BOY WHO WITNESSED THE COWARDL-Y ASSASSINA
TION ON CLAY STREET YESTERDAY AFTERNOON.
could not give the name of the man who
shot him.
"He shot me from behind," said tne
dying Chinaman. "He did not give me a
chance for my life."
As soon as possible the unfortunate
Chinaman was removed to the Receiving
Hospital, where a hasty examination of
his wounds showed that he was fataiJy
wounded. . ■ ~;
Two bullets had entered the back," pass
ing through the body, tiie third through
the left leg and the fourth tore away the
thumb of the right .hand. Fifteen, minutes
after being taken to the hospital Wong
Get was dead.
The, police believe that the shooting was
the outcome of the bitter feud that exist?
between the Wong ana Ohin families.
Since the two families declared:, war
against each other several of their num
ber have been murdered and as many
more have been shot and wounded.
Shooting of Little Lou.
The shooting of Little Lou and his body
guard as they were entering a gambling
house on Waverly place a few nights ago
intensified the bitterness between the two
families. Lou was a member of the.Bing
Kong Tong, but his sympathies were with
the Wong' family. -His father- was foully
murdered while standing in the doorway
of his store some years ago and as It wa3
supposed that the assassin was a .Chin
man Lou swore he would have revenge. It
is known that on many occasions he pro
tected the members of the Wong, family
against the assassins hired to slay, thorn,
and as the result a' price was. placed on
his head. Learning that they were after
him, Lou never left his home 'without his
bodyguard. ~ After he was ■ shot about
twenty gun fighters wore brought from
the interior • and ordered to avenge the
shooting of the noted gambler.
Before they had a^cnance to earn the
I\\l>^ Vigoroiis Motherhood 1
En \ \ [ k y^^jr B $>tmii AIi«, Tanuarv 9 f WYl MS
m \\ \ f/^^s: Z~-K S ItaedWtoeofCar&iMdTlidford^Black-^^ Jj
tH \\ \ Va J^<^< 1 H in the world. My baby is only four weeks old, bat he Is as large as a two-months' old child. If#^ijiZT^ ft 1
B \ n^^^^^m thanIhaveinthfeey< * r8 * ' MmFANNma&R^ A
M \ \\ i/ A H The lnfIuence of * heaIth y and <n« r S etic mothtr k as far-reaching as life itself. Her childrtn, fall ff
11 \\\ jttffl\ /7 m ° f mentaI *" d phy$lcal vi S or » $° out lnto the world, ready and wdl equipped for Hi struwle. Sac ] I
H \V \rfWsf Wv/l H CeS5fuI liV " ° f men *" d W ° men W m ° rC Ur5dy than U S encra!I * «JPPo«d, the results of healthy an* H
H / '"■ ///// B vl # >rc>ul "wtherhood. The children of weak and sickly mothers strew the paths of life with their Hi
H JslW/f //I//// M failurc5 ' More *" d more do women rea!ize that slck 'y mothers bequeath sickness and misery fo «*?* H
H /^^^Wa/^M/Jv/ m childrcn * Mrs ' Sharpe did * wise ln ** hni 1
irT^^PI WINB«C£I!IHJr ;|
lalf/ Vr^* 1 ""* "^^2^ H u helped her to avoid much suffering It rewarded her with the blessing «f a strong healthy <W&' [ V
■ iv m WineofCarduiJnvi 5owt« strengthens the womanly or jam. R reflates memtnatlon J3 f^J
m Iffl^^ /^ Au. 3 ° Ut twCe Of leucorrhaa * ll enabIe5 womcn who considered themselves barren for yean Id 9
H >^\ /s//j/ I bear dtf*" 1 - u *»* brought happiness to countless homes of loneliness and despair it eaurol ) I
H X» \V[/K •■ a wbrrtan for every duty of life. AH druggists sell Wine of CarduL \ * *H«wr «
(raL ■ Jffl fP T *** T * ce »nd literature, address, rlvintf iymptoms, "Th» Ladies' AdTfaory Tvr
blood money that had been offered the
police got on the trail and rounded up the
entire gang. Little Lou is still in the hos.
pital, but he expects to leave there in a
few days. He threatens to make it lively
for his enemies after he recovers.
More Trouble Expected.
In anticipation of more bloodshed, Chief
Wittman has increased his forces in
Chinatown. Orders have been issued to
the men to search every known high
binder for weapons. All suspicious char
acters are to be locked up and held pend
ing the settlement of the bloody feud.
Last night the Chinese Consul met with
a number of the prominent members of
the two families and endeavored to bring
about a reconciliation. After advising
them to peaceably settle their trouble, bui
without getting much encouragement, he
dismissed them after warning them
against further bloodshed.
Last night the. police found another boy
who was a witness to the murder. His
name is Ernest Olsen and he lives at 614
Kearny street. He was within a few feet
of Wong Get when he was shot and killed.
Olsen is positive that Yee Loon, who is
under arrest, fired the fatal shots. He
says the murderer' was accompanied by
another Chinaman who threw away a
long Colt's revolver immediately after the
last shot was fired. His revolver and the
one that was used in the assassination of
Wong Get are in the possession of the
police..
Chinese Stabbed by Roommate.
Wong Lee and Wong Bon, who live at
15 Waverley place, quarreled about 6
o'clock yesterday morning about the pay
ment of rent. Wong Bon stabbed Wong
Lee on the right ~ arm. Wong Lee was
sent to the Receiving Hospital and Wong
Bon was locked up in the City Prison and
will be charged with assault to murder.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
corwsHT no* •» th« mqctih * OAMiie eo. cimcinimti
A GREAT MAN'S IDEA. c ->
t 1 - IENIUS, as Raskin defines it, is simply
a superior power of seeing. Have you
the genius to see how important an
element in the success of your house-keeping
is the use of Ivory Soap? Judged by the work
it does Ivory is the cheapest soap in America
to-day. It is harmless. Embroideries, laces
and delicate stuffs should be washed only
, _^ —^—^
OBSERVE RITES
IN SYNAGOGUES
Jews Celebrate Impres
sively the Feast of
Lights.
Special services were held at the syna
gogues yesterday, beginning the celebra
tion of the "Feast "of Lights," or the
Chanukah Festival. The feast celebrates
the victory of the Maccabees over the
Syrian Greeks.
A special choral service was held at the
Bush-street Synagogue in the afternoon.
The Rev. Cantor Salomon conducted the
musical service and was assisted by the
organ and a choir, of twelve ladies of the
congregation. The ceremony of lighting
the Chanukah lights was carried out with
impressiveness.
The Rev. Dr. Myers will deliver a ser
mon this morning at the synagogue, his
text being "Light Out of Darkness." To
morrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock a special
service will be held for children as part
of the Chanukah festival.
At Temple Emanu-El a special service
was held last night, though the ceremo
nies of the festival were not observed.
Special music was rendered by the choir,
under the direction of Cantor Stark, in
which Homer Henley, David Manlloyd,
Miss Daisy Cohn and Mrs. Kelly were
heard in solos.
The Rev. Dr. Jacob "Voorsanger
preached on liberty of worship as sym
bolized by the feast of lights. He said, in
part:
Rights with us ln this country have become
institutions and must be respected. The Declar
ation of Independence was the new revelation,
a new definition of rights, a new commentary
of liberty.
There is still a difference between toleration
and a right. I thank you for your tolerance,
but I want none of it. Tolerance means conde
scension, right stands for a very different thing.
There are but two countries — the United States
and France — where liberty of worship is recog
nized as a right. In all others it is merely a
privilege exercised by the tolerance of a state
church. It Is so in England, ln Scot
land, in Ireland, in Germany and even
in that sturdy champion of liberty, Hol
land. The difference ia constitutional — whether
the right to worship as one chooses is recog
nized or on the other hand a religion may ex
ist only by the tolerance of a state church,
however surrounded by safeguards this toler
ation may be.
. Even in the United States we do not fully
realize what liberty of worship means. "We
must learn that all religion is divine though its
interpretation may not be. We must disci
pline ourselves to the idea that religions are
Indeed Bisters. There is no greater evil in
modern times than intolerance and the church
does not exist that has not yet to teach Its
children reverence for all religions as -all com
ing from the mind of God. That, we hope, is
the degree of liberty to which the people of the
United States will become educated.
All holders of Call Atlas coupons
can secure Cram's Superior Atlas of
the World, 1901 edition, by present
ing coupon at the business office of
of this paper.
Mechanics' Institute Meeting 1 .
The quarterly meeting of the members
of the Mechanics' Institute will be held
to-night. The nominations for trustees
for the election to be held next February
will be opened at the meeting. It is ex
pected that considerable discussion will
take place In regard to the action of sell
ing the Mechanics' Pavilion site to the
city for the public library. The institute
some time ago offered the site to the
city for $750,000, and the -Board of Su
pervisors has recommended Its purchase
for $650,000. ■
MAKE A PLEA
FOR EXCLUSION
Laboring Men Desire
.That the Asiatics Be
Kept put.
SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 6.— The conven
tion of the American Federation of Labor
disposed of much routine business to-day.
Two sessions were held. The afternoon
meeting was adjourned an hour earlier in
order that the committees which were an
nounced by President Goxnpers could or
ganize and take up the work that has
been laid out for them.
The overshadowing feature of the day
was the able address of Edward F. Mc-
Shweeney, deputy commissioner of Im
migration at the port of New YorK, on
the subject of immigration. He spoke for
more than an hour and was generously
applauded for the great amount of in
formation that he save the delegates.
During the course of the two sessions
eighty-eight resolutions were presented
and referred to committees. They cover
nearly every variety of subject that af
fects workmen. One of them contained a
denunciation of "Wu Ting Fang, the Chi
nese Minister, for an alleged derogatory
remark against the American people, and
another also contained "the sincere
and hearty thanks of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor" for President
Roosevelt for the position he took on the
subject of Chinese exclusion. ■
The committee on resolutions made an
other report on contested seats at the
afternoon session and their recommenda
tions were accepted except in. one in*
stance. Among the more Important reso
lutions presented at the afternoon sessions
were these:
Denouncing Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Min
ister, for having made the alleged remark that
when the American people "are biased they
are beyond argument and reason doea not ap
peal to them."
Asking workmen to unite for independent po
litical action in a party having for lta avowed
object the overthrow of th« capitalistic system
of production and distribution and the estab
lishment of a co-operative commonwealth.
Asking Congress to amend the Geary act so
as to exclude Chinese, Japanese, Malays ap<t
all people of Asiatic extraction and to prevent
the use of the American Pacific island posses
sions as a bridge over which excluded races
may pass to the United States.
Denouncing anti-scalplng legislation, because
the ticket brokerage business la legitimate a
convenience to the public and a means of
cheapening such travel.
Asking Congress for the right of suffrage for
the citizens of the District of Columbia
Providing for a general defense 'fund by Iay
i ♦? * cent3 P er month on every man
in the Federation of Labor. «»••«•
Amending the alien contract labor law so as
to Include musicians.
♦>, i4 n tu Gompers had announced
the committees the convention adjourned
until 9 o'clock to-morrow morning
BJoters Fail to Appear.
The cases of John Scobie, William Tat»
William Duggan and Ward Miller'
charged with rioting at Kearny and
Geary streets on the night of September
29, were called In Judge Fritz's court vet
terday for trial by Jury. Scobie and Tate
fi d u?fl 0t for P1 Th a f and bench wa "an?? ZTrl
issued for their arrest. The jurors sum
moned were discharged and the p»w
continued till next Friday SM
Burglars Steal Revolvers.
The gun store of the Shreve & Barber
Co., 511 Kearny street, was entered by
burglars early yesterday morning Tha
1 burglary yesterday morning.SINGERS GIVE
WAY TO DRAMA
Theatrical Season Opens
at Grand Opera
# House.
Minnie Seligman Makes Her
First Appearance in
Familiar Play.
I.asl night grand opera save way at
the Grand Opera-house to the regular
theatrical season, with the first appear
ance of Miss Minnie Seligman. who plays
a limited engagement here in "The Crust
of Society." There was a fairly good
audience, and the house had resumed its
regular :work-a-day look. Where Sen
pini the evenin- before had led his men
through the glories of "Le Nozze di
liRaro Mr. KneH l ast night beat a
1 >a ton to the homely beauties of "My Old
Kentucky Home," and where Sembrlch
one short night before stood trilling Mo
sart s liquid loveliness Miss Seligman last
inght charmed her audience as a clever
adventuress. The lemon-drop boy is back
again, too. and the advertising curtain
and all the old familiar features of
Morosco's, even to the classic hiss for
the villain and the whistle for virtue
triumphant.
"The Crust of Society" is a. play too
familiar to need description, but its
clever situations and story served to keep
the audience well interested throughout
the four acts. Miss Seligman has a con
genial role as the adventuress, Mrs.
Eastlake Chapel, a part in which she
appeared to advantage on her last visit
here. She has emotional power of rather
high order, dresses and looks well and
contrives to hold the interest while she
is on the stage.
Her Mrs. Chapel is counted in among
Her Mrs, Chapel is counted in among
Her best work, though she is accounted
a good Carmen, among other roles in her
repertoire. The role of Mrs. Chapel cer
tainly affords opportunity for exhibition
of her emotional gifts, and Miss Selig
man does much good work in the part,
ine star is well supported by the Grand
Opera-house stock company, who fill in
1 , . 1 of th . e cast acceptably.
Mr. Mayall is at home in -the preachy
preachy St. Aubyn's wirt and wins dis
tinction for his repertoire of sighs alone.
Laura Nelson Hall is ill cast as the un
pleasant Mrs. Ernestine Echo, all the
characteristic charm of the pretty ac
tress being: lost on the part. She does
well with the role, however, but should
have been cast as Violet Esmond, that
Js done quite pleasingly, by the way by
Miss Caroline Cooke.
\\ilham Bernard made his reappearance
us Cavendish Comyns and did some clever
f,° d , satisfying work in the part. Charles
Maldron essayed with considerable suc
cess the part of the deceived lover, Cap
tain Randall Xorthcote, and H D Byers
was the Earl of Colchester with success
The audience was enthusiastic, and Miss
beligman's season promises to be among
the successes of the star and stock ex
periences at the popular house.
EASTERN STAB. CHAPTER
INSTALLS irirW OFFICERS
Presentations Are Made to the Retir
ing Matron and Patron of the
Mother Subordinate.
The elected and appointed officers of
Golden Gate Chapter No. 1, Order of the
Eastern Star, the mother subordinate,
•were installed in Golden Gate Asylum last
night in the presence of a large number
of people. Mrs. Maude Wright Terwilli
ger, the retiring- matron, acted as install
ing officer, and was assisted by Miss
Busie Mills Willats, past matron, acting
as marshal. Both of the officers did their
work in a degree of perfectness that add
ed much to the beautiful and impressive
ceremony of installation of* this order.
The hall was tastefully decorated with
American flags and a profusion of choice
flowers and evergreens. The new officers
are:
Mary Frances Fahrenholtz, matron: Charleb
P. Humphrey, patron; Frances Perkia Tower,
associate matron; Katherine Johnson, secre
tary: Lottie Pease, treasurer; Amy Florence
Temple, conductress; Mrs. J. A. Pherson, as.
sociate conductress; Kate Linne, Adah; Eliza
beth Schumacher, Ruth; Jennie Long, Esther;
Maude W. Terwilliger. Martha: Mrs. J. Otil
vie. Klecta; Kate Hirker. warder: Mary Ham
mond L«wis. eentine!; William Bchuyler Moses
ehapl&jn; Sarah Isatoelle liubbard. marshal,
exid Nellie Augusta. Darling, organist.
The music incidental to the ceremony
\ras by the Knickerbocker Quartet.
At the close of the installation Past
Matron Florin Leslie Jones, on behalf of
the chapter, presented to Mrs. TerwIHi
eer a beautiful diamond set emblematic
star as a token of appreciation of her
services during the year as matron. This
was followed by the presentation of a
jewel to the retiring patron. John J
Mitchell as a token of remembrance of
the kxndly feeling the members held for
fcim while he was an officer of the chap
ter. Mrs. Terwilljger was also presented
with a fine cut glass bowl from her per
sonal friends in the chapter, and there
Teas also the presentation of a basket of
beautiful flowers to Mrs. Clara A. Gib
erson, the grand matron.
POSTUM CESEAL.
HIGH ALTITUDES.
Tood Cannot Be Boiled as Quickly as
in Low.
The curious experiences people have
with coffee drinking are worth pondering
over if any one is ailing and does not know
the exact reason thereof.
Coffee la a secretive worker, and
through the nervous system affects differ-
ent parts of the body In different people.
A youns married woman, Mrs. T. I*
Blackmon, Oswego, Montana, had a con-
clusive experience in the effects of coffee
on her eyes. She says, "I have used coffee
pince a. child, but a short time ago rny
eyes began to grow weak, and the least
exertion, such as reading or sewing, would
cause shooting pains and wavy lines of
light, bo that I could see but little else for
minutes at a. time.
"This alarmed me and I earnestly sought
the cause of the trouble. Some one told
me *hat coffee sometimes affected the
eyes. I at once decided to quit It and see if
I would be benefited, but I must have
t omethlngr to take the place of coffee, for
I wanted to modify, as much as possible,
the sacrifice of giving it up.
"So I decided to try Postum for myself.
When it came I made it strictly according
to directions and was wonderfully sur-
prised and pleased with it- Husband says
that my Postum is very different. Indeed,
from that he once drank at a friend's ta-
ble.
"I frankly own that I like Postum better
than I ever Uked coffee. It has a rich body
to it that coffee lacks. I boil it longer than
twenty minutes and it improves it. Per-
haps it requires longer boiling in the high
eltitudesi I think it does.
"For three months now I have been
tising Postum and have been wonderfully
benefited. My eyes no longer pain me, and
are as strong as they ever were. My com-
plexipn, instead of being sallow as former-
ly, is clear and rosy. I know to a certain-
ty that my improvement has been caused
by leaving off coffee and using Postum,
for that is absolutely the only change I
have made, and I have taken no medicine.
"A Mr. Randall, a friend of ours,- has
obtained relief from his stomach trouble
and headaches by leaving off coffee and
taking Postum. .We think we know eoroe-
thlng of the facts about coffee and about
Postum."
ENGINEERS AND MATES TELL
OF FOG WHISTLES AND BELLS
Investigation Into the Sinking of the Ferryboat San
Rafael Is Resumed by I nspectors.
THE fog that shrouded the bay last
Saturday night when the San Ra
fael was sunk by the Sausajito
must have played strange pranks
with the ferryboat whistles. Dur
ing the investigation yesterday afternoon,
LISSER HALL AWAITS
FORMAL DEDICATION
Impressive Ceremony in New Mills
College Building to Be Held
Next Saturday. ,
The new Lisser Hall of Mills College
will be dedicated Saturday afternoon, De
cember 14, at half-past 1 o'clock. The oc
casion will be a notable one in the nis
tory of the institution and the service
will be impressive.
Two numbers by the choral class will
be rendered, Mrs: Edward F. Schneider
will sing and Messrs. Louis Lisser and
Giulio MInetti will play Raff' a Sonata,
Opus 78, on piano and violin.
Mrs. Susan T. Mills, president of the
college, will make a statement concerning
the name and the purposes of the new
hall. Professor Thomas R. Bacon will
give an address and prayer. Horace
Davis will deliver the principal address.
Lisser Hall is Intended for commence
ments, concerts and entertainments. Its
seating capacity is 1000. The interior dec
oration Is in Ivory and gold, and both as
to exterior and Interior the structure is
simple and dignified. It stands Just above
the Nathaniel Gray Hall of Science and
north of the main college building.
The name Lisser Hall was chosen by
the board of trustees as an acknowledg
ment of the invaluable services of Pro
fessor Louis Lisser during his twenty
one years as head of the department of
music of Mills College and as a tribute
to him as one of the foremost mufeicians
of the Pacific Coast. W. J. Matthews is
the architect of the hall.
KERSHOW WILL CONTEST
DRAGS ALONG IN COURT
Attorneys Bix and Xowalsky Vary
Monotony by Indulging in
Numerous Spats.
Outside of the occasional spats between
Attorneys Kowalsky and Rix there was
little to enliven the hearing of the Ker
show will contest case yesterday. J.-Mor
gan Smith was on the witness stand all
afternoon. Despite the severe cross-ex
amination to which he was subjected by
Attorney Rix, he held his own and stuck
closely to the story he told Wednesday
of the writing of the will and the attend
ing circumstances.
Attorney Rix sought to elicit from the
witness an answer regarding the time
the various talks Smith had with Ker
show were held, but failed. Smith's an
swers, though given in a hesitating man
ner, confirmed his previous statements, j
Attorney Rix also closely examined the
witness about the numerous Interviews
he had had with Attorney Kowalsky con
cerning the will, but did not succeed in
getting the information he evidently ex
pected. He also examined Smith about
his discussions with Meadows, the second
witness to the will, but was unable to
shake Smith. . ■
The case will go on again to-day.
Symphony Concert Sale.
The sale of seats for the series of sym
phony concerts to be given at the Grand
Opera-bouse under the auspices of the
San Francisco Symphony Society has
been very gratifying to the officers and
members of that organization and will
close this afternoon at 5 o'clock at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s. The first concert
under the direction of Paul Steindorff,
with Giulio Minetti as concertmeister and
an orchestra of fifty-five men, will take
place at the Grand Opera-house next Fri
day afternoon, December 13, at 3:15 sharp.
The programme is strong "and, interest
ing and the sale of seats will begin Tues
day, xnorninff at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,- DECEMBER 7. 1901.
held by the United States Inspectors of
Steam Vessels, officers and part of the
crews of both boats testified. In every in-
stance the San Rafael sailors "said, they
heard the fog signals of the Sausalito on
the starboard-side The- Sausalito men'
w U"^ £%£ P story>of their captain,
W. T. nibble. • * • .
Nothing of. much consequence was de-
veloped during 'the day's investigation,
According to the stories told by the mem-
bers of the crews they did.: just what
should have been done. Inspector Bulger
asked some pertinent questions in regard
to speed and elicited testimony that bears
on the erratic manner of running the Sau-
salito boat6. •
Mate Charles Bagge was the first wit
ness called. He told of bells and whistles,
and was positive that all was done that
could be done to save life.
Engineer Frank McGuy of the Sausalito
was on the stand for a few minutes. He
MRS. ABZNEB KEEPS
HUSBAND'S APPAREL
Saloon-Keeper Says His "Wife Ordered
Him Out and Held His
Clothing.
Louis Arzner, proprietor of the Ferry
cafe at 16 Market street, whose wife is
suing him for maintenance, filed an affi
davit yesterday in which he says he is
not the wealthy man his wife claims he
is in her complaint. He claims his wife is
extravagant, and that since she ordered
him. out of their house he has made an
allowance of $20 a week in addition to
presenting her .with the rent from an
eight-room house. He claims that she
compelled him to leave home without his
clothes, and that since he left her she
has refused to give up his wearing ap
parel. He also saya that since his en
forced desertion of her she has bought a
raglan worth $80, a sealskin sacque and
numerous costly articles of woman's ap
parel, for which he has had to pay. He
objects strenuously to paying his wife
the $500 a month she is suing for.
The divorce proceedings instituted by
George Monnier against Violet Monnier
were heard before Judge Hunt yesterday.
Monnier sued his wife for divorce on. the
ground of cruelty, and she filed a cross
complaint alleging that he was the cruel
one. Monnier is the adopted son of George
Monnier, a wealthy liquor dealer. The
couple have two children, and since thetr
marriage, according to the complaints
filed, have been living at daggers' points.
May F. Crandall was granted a divorce
from F. S. Crandall yesterday on the
ground of failure to provide. •
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by William A. Bradford against Ray
Bradford for cruelty, David Johnson
against Mary Johnson for desertion, Wil
liam C." Hoffmann against Genevieve
Hoffmann on statutory grounds.
MAYOR INVESTIGATES
SWEEPING OF STREETS
Private Detective Reports That Gray
Brothers Are Not Complying
With, Specifications.
Gray Bros., who have the contract
for sweeping the streets In the down
town districts, are under Investigation
again by Mayor Phelan. His -; Honor
has had a private emissary quietly
watching the manner in which the
streets have been swept by the firm, and
he has reported that the specifications
have not been lived up to. •'•
The Mayor's detective reports that piles
of dirt have been frequently permitted
to remain on the streets over night, and
that certain blocks on Market and Val
encia streets were not swept at all or
very Imperfectly. So startling */ere the
findings of the investigator that the
Mayor referred his report to the Board
of Works, which directed Chief Heath of
the Bureau of Streets to report on the
matter. - •
The Mayor was so displeased at the
faulty manner in which Gray Bros.- were
reported to have swept the streets that
he threatened to decline to approve the
sweeping bills for December unless t.iey
were swept better than they were in No
vember. Chief Heath's report was trans
mitted to the Mayor yesterday, and' does
not bear out the one filed by the private
detective. The Mayor has reserved his
decision. - . , '
Old subscribers to The Call are en
titled to the privilege of securing a
copy of Cram's Superior Atlas of the
World; uponpayraent of '$1' ,50, tho
premium rate. . ; ; '.. '
said that he turned the engines full steam
astern as soon as he got- the bell from the
captain. . .
j, jj. Jones, engineer on the San Rafael,
was tne most important -witness pf the
d Jones is the man who-was knocked
sen3elegs imme diately after'the collision,
andj ag soon as hc regained consciousness;
threw open the safety valve. He testified
that he got the .three-bells signal to back
and about four revolutions had been made
when he got the signal to stop. Jones said
that five reverse revolutions would",have
brought the boat to a dead stop. It was
right after this that the collision occurred,
Jones was afraid the boilers would ".blow
up, but he t knew of no like precedents
WITNESSES AND SPECTATOR AT
THE SAN RAFAEL WRECK IN
VESTIGATION YESTERDAY. .
where such results followed. There were
no leaks in the San Rafael boilers.
Mates and Deckhands Testify.
Then came the testimony of the mates
and deckhands. Charles Jansen, second
•mate of the San Rafael, heard the fog
signals two points on his starboard bow,
then two whistles, followed by three from
the San Rafael, which were answered by
three from the Sausalito. The first fog.
blast of the Sausalito sounded far away_.
He reported to the pilot house.
John Nelson, deckhand on the San Ra
fael, had a similar story of whistles, only
his was supplemented with life saving.
He warned passengers, lowered boats,
took charge of one and acted the part of
human fisherman. He saw the men in the
boats picking up people. Captain McKen
zie, according to Nelson's testimony, cried
out to the Sausalito: "For God's sake,
give us a line."
Assistant Engineer Martin Christensen
of the San Rafael, Second Mate John Pe
tersen of the Sausalito and Joe Freitess,
a deckhand on the Sausalito, testified in
turn. Freitess was rather '.forgetful about
whistles, but said he helped ladles and
men into the ferryboat.
Henry C. Martin has sent a letter to the
inspectors saying he has good testimony.
The inspectors will treat his letter as
anonymous unless he appears. An ad
journment was taken until Tuesday after
noon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISS BOK DELANO
A Chicago Society lady, in a
letter to Mrs. Pinkhamsays:
"Dea.b Mbs. PrNKHAMt — Of all the
grateful daughters to whom you have
given health, and life, none are more
glad than I.
" My home and my life was happy
MISS BONNIE DELANO. ';..,
nntil illness came upon me three years
ago. 1 I first noticed it by being 1 irreg-
ular and having very painful and
scanty, menstruation; gradually my
general health, failed ; I could not en-
Joy my meals ; I became languid and
nervous, with griping pains frequently
in the groins.- • -•?•:
"I advised with our phys-
ician "who prescribed .without any im-
provement. One day he said,—' Try
Lydia Pinkham's Remedies.' I
did, thank God ; the next month- 1 was
better, and it gradually built me up
until in four months I was cured. This
is nearly a year' ago and I have not
had a pain or ache since.' —Bonnie
Delano, . 3348 Indiana Ave., Chicago,
111. — $5000 forfeit if above testimonial Is not
genuine. „ • ,-
i Trustworthy proof is abundant that
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
! Compound saves thousands of
young women from dangers; resulting
from organic irregularity, suppression
or retention of the meiises, 'ovarian or
womb troubles. Eef use substitutes.
LYNCH RELIES
ON DEMOCRATS
President Evidently Is
! Posted Concerning
the Fight.
Reason Why ,the Revenue
Collector Provokes
'Party Strife.
-The politicians -were somewhat sur
prised when they. read the news that the
President had "advised Senators Perkins
and Bard to .'settle the controversy con
cerning- the internal Revenue Colector
ship. It seems that President Roosevelt
is pretty well informed touching affairs
in California. No doubt he has made
close inquiry to' ascertain why one of the
Federal officeholders in this State is so
unpopular that-his .retention -is resisted
by many leading public men. Other citi
zens holding office under* the National ad
ministration manage to get along without
provoking public indignation. The Col
lector of the . Port, the Surveyor, the
Naval Officer, the United States Mar
shal, the officers of the Land Department,
the Postmaster, the* Superintendent of
the Mint, the Shipping Commissioner, the
Appraiser, the United States District At
torney, and others, do not by their con
duct excite a spirit of hostility. They in
terest themselves in political affairs and
support the candidates respectively of
their choice. Perhaps some favored Bard
for -Senator and others preferred Barnes
or Burns. -; No one • challenged their right
to express judgment as to the merit and
fitness of candidates. If the Collector of
Internal ' Revenue . had followed the ex
ample of other federal officeholders there
would not be a popular protest against his
retention in office. He started off wrong
by recognizing the Southern Pacific Rail
way corporation as the Government, and
sought, the attorney of the . corporation
for advice in affairs political. When' he
was ordered to fight Republican candi
dates and support Democratic nominees
for the Legislature he obeyed orders. He
interfered in Democratic as well as Re
publican ■ faction • controversies. The
leading .Republican journals in every Con
gressional district of the State
would like to see a good, square,
sensible ; man appointed to ; succeed
Lynch. The only newspaper support
Lynch receives is from the Democratic
press,, for favors extended to Democrats,
and his chief reliance is that support. So
long as. he remains in office and takes po
litical orders from Herrin there will be
discontent and factional strife. The Presi
dent may wisely determine to take af
fairs in his own hands and remove tho
cause of the strife.
Can Be Removed Any Time.
It happens, fortunately, that there is no
fixed term for the office of Collector of
Revenue, The President can. make the
change at his pleasure.. Lynch has al
ready served more than four years. In
his fight to hold on Lynch relies on the
support of the yellow press and the pull
of the Southern Pacific corporation. i
The peculiar attitude of Senator Perkins
creates a surmise that the Senator has
been promised railroad help in his cam
paign for re-election to the Senate. It is
a known fact that Perkins did agree to
join in recommending to the President
any worthy man that his colleague should
recommend for the Revenue Collector
ship. Senator Perkins will not deny to
the President that he readily consented
to join in a recommendation of Dr. Rowell
for that office.
The new apportionment of Congression
al districts in California takes effect on
the first of next month. Two strong Re
publican Assembly districts — the Fortieth
and Forty-first — which added largely to
the party majority in the Fifth Congres
sional District, will henceforth be em
braced within, the boundaries of the
Fourth Congressional District. It fs said
that Julius Kahn's friends at Sacramento
were active in bringing about this trans
fer of Republican strength from the Fifth
to the Fourth Congressional District. »>
The Fifth District, represented by Eu
gene F. Loud, is regarded as safe for the
Republicans, notwithstanding the loss of
the two Assembly districts mentioned.
The safety of the Fourth for Mr. Kahn
may depend somewhat on his record in
the present session of Congress.
Districts Are Established.
Under the new apportionment the Con
gressional districts are established as fol
lows:
First District— Del Norte, Humboldt, Siski
you. Trinity, Tehama, Shasta, Modoc, Lessen,
Plumas, Sierra, Nevada, Placer, El Dorado,
Amador, Calaveras, Alpine, Mono, Maripoga
and Tuolumne.
Second District — ilendoclno, Glenn, Colusa,
Butte, Sutter. Yuba, Sacramento. Yolo. Lake,
Napa, Sonoma and Marin.
Third District— Alameda, Contra Costa and
Bola.no.
Fourth District— A portion of San Francisco.
Fifth District— A portion of San Francisco
and the counties of San Mateo and Santa Clara.
Sixth District— Santa Cruz, Monterey, San*
Benito, Fresno, Kingrs, Madera, Merced, Stan
islaus and San Joaquln. .
Seventh District— Los Angeles.
Eighth District— San Luis Obispo, Santa Bar
bara, Ventura, Kern, Tulare, Inyo, San Ber
nardino, Orange, Riverside and San Diego.
Frank L. Coombs, who represents the
First District at present, will be in tho
newly created Second District His
chances for renomination will depend
largely on the record he makes in Wash
inton this winter. y ■*«»
There is no scarcity of candidates in tho
newly created Eighth District. State Sena
tor S. C. Smith appears to have the lead in
the northern or upper end of the district.
If the active contest among the southern
aspirants continues Mr. Smith will likely
capture the prize.
George C. Perkins, who is a candidate
for re-election to the United States Sen
ate, and Henry T. Gage, who desires an
other term as Governor, hardly speak
when they meet. The Governor snubbed
the Senator at the San Pedro celebration,
and is therefore held mainly responsible
for the rupture. Nobody knows to a cer
tainty what the Governor's provocation
was, but something caused him to ignore
the Senator. At that time it was surmised
that Senator Perkins and U. S, Grant were
in league against Gage, but subsequent
events have caused the Impression that
Grant has lost faith in the senior Senator.
There are no signs at present that Gage is
mixing in the Senatorial contest, and Per
kins is too cunning to commit himself for
or against anybody for Governor. Perkins
is for himself first for Senator, but it is
no secret that his second choice is General
W. H. L. Barnes.
1HBEE BAYS' DEVOTION
AT ST. FBANCIS CHURCH
Feast of the Immaculate Conception
Will Be Appropriately Cele
brated Sunday.
A triduum of 'three days' devotion is
being celebrated at St. Francis Church,
corner of ■ Vallejo and Montgomery ave
nue. The . services commenced' Thursday
night with an eloquent sermon preached
by Rev. John A. Cull of St. Francis de
Sales Church of Oakland. Rev. Father
M. Horan of St. Patrick's Church preach
ed '• last night and the concluding 1 ser
mon on Sunday evening 1 will be preached
by Rev. Father Onesimus, O. S. H. 'The
altar of the church has been beautifully
decorated. The services last night were
well attended. '•• .
On next Sunday the Feast of the Im'
maculate Conception of the Blessed Vir
gin.Mary -will be appropriately celebrated.
Ab*8- special feature of the occasion a
number of aspirants will be consecrated
Children of Mary. The ceremony of con
secration will be made very impressive.
It will be held at 2:30 o'clock in the after
noon.
News in Army Circles.
Lieutenant L. E. Cheatham has arrived
in the city from the Philippines and is as
signed to. the casual camp at the Presidio.
Captain K^ P. Ames of the medical de
partment has been attached to the Pre
sidio General Hospital. Major T. H.
Davis. Fifteenth Cavalry, has been ap
pointed to serve in command of recruits
destined for the Philippines. Several of
the officers who arlved In this city on the
Hancock expect to be placed on duty a.t
the discharge and detention camps on
Angel Island. "'■ ■■',,+■■■
. v . . . AD"V^SRTISEBIENTS. l^'^:i\^kP^i
yr I Companion! |§^
<<^^ THE VEST jr '4%0& .&
K, sM CHRISTMAS fe^^pf
|^X LITTLE MONEY i]ljji jj
OUR CHRISTMAS OFFER.
Every New Subscriber who will mention this publication or cut out
this slip and send it at once with $ 1 .75 will receive : j
FREE— All the issues for the remaining weeks of 1901.
FREE — Christmas and New Year's Double Nifmbers.
FREE— The Companion Calendar for 1902, in 12 colors and gold. %
The Companion for the fifty -two weeks of 1902— more than Two ?
Hundred Stories, Fifty Special Articles, Anecdotes, etc.
From now until January 1, 1903, for $1.75. •■
Prospectus and Sample Copies seat to any address. Free. CL 537 ■ '
THE, YOUTH'S COMPANION. 201 Columbus At*.. Boston.
STAGE REALISM
AT THE CENTRAL
Actor Hallett Thompson
Burned by Premature
Explosion.
Hallett Thompson, leading- man of the
Central Theater, was severely burned
about the face last night by a premature
explosion. His eyesight may be affected
and he may not be a.ble to appear on the
stage again for some time. The accident
occurred during the fire scene of "The
Streets of New York," now being played
at the theater. To make the scene real
istic a barrel containing black powder is
exploded. Through some oversight or
carelessness of the stage hands the pow
der was ignited when Tnompgon was di
rectly over It. The audience waa startled
to see him jump about the stage in pain
and marveled as the curtain was low
ered.
As "Badger" In the play it is the duty
of Thompson to climb a ladder and enter
a burning building and secure a certificate
of deposit that enriches the muchly
abused heroine. In thei performance,
Thompson climbs Into the building, gets
the paper and reaches the ground in safe
ty before the barrel of powder stored in
the building: Is set off. This plan haa
been followed with success until last
evening,. Thompson was in the act of
climbing the ladder when the explosion
occurred and instantly he was wrapped in
a sheet of flame. He was forced to jump
to the stage and he staggered for a mo
ment before hia blackened face gave the
audience an indication that he was the
victim of an accident.
Thompson was taken to his dressing
room and a physician called to attend
him. His eyebrows and lashes were badly
burned and a portion of his hair waa
singed. He managed to go on in the last
act, however, but the scene was necessar
ily cut short as he was in no condition to
continue the performance.
The Central Theater management
claims that Thompson is not badly in
jured and states he 'will be able to con
tinue his work.
CHRISTMAS CHEER FOB
POOR CHILDREN OP CITY
Volunteers of America "Will Giva
Little Ones a Merry Holiday
Festival.
The Volunteers of America are prepar
ing for their annual Christmas festival
In aid of the poor families of the city.
They intend to treat the poor children to
a mammoth Christmas tree festival. The
festival will be held in the spacious hall
of the organization at 39% Fourth street.
Donations and contributions can be sent
Colonel "Walter Duncan. 1504 Market
street, or to Major Wallace Markle, ; 39Vi
Fourth street. : ."
St. Vincent de Paul Meeting.
The fourth general meeting^Xor the year
1901 of the conferences of San Francisco
of the St. Vincent de Paul Society will
be held Sunday morning at the parochial
residence of St. Brendan's Church. The
members will receive holy communion at
the church at the 7 o'clock mass. The
conference will assemble for the after
noon session at the parochial residence
at 3 o'clock. •
Kohler & Chase, Established 1850,
Reasons piANOI A
Why a r^l/ii-^V/LwrV
K CHRISTMAS GIFT.
— It enables the receiver to play upon the piano at will any and every
selection desired.
It extends this pleasure to every member of the family, thereby multi-
plying the usefulness of the piano.
It makes unnecessary the drudgery of practicing, as no musical knowl-
edge is required in order to play it.
And it admits of the effects and pleasure of hand playing, for the player
-regulates the expression, which is the soul of mttsic.
" If you wish to play the piano by hand roll the Pianola to one side.
Whea you desire to play a selection outside of your repertory roll the Pi-
anola back so that its felt-covered fingers will rest upon the keys of the
" piano and insert the music roll.
. Nothing is too difficult. Nobody is debarred from playing it.
Paderewski enjoys the Pianola, and has recently ordered another, for
. his home in Switzerland.
Every one who owns a Pianola is an enthusiast!^
If you wish delivery before Christmas place your order as early as
possible, to avoid disappointment as to matching wood of your piano.
There is only ONE PIANOLA.
;* SOLB AGENTS. .
HEADQUARTERS 26-30 O'Farrel I St«, «ANFRANCISCO
REWEMBBR TMB NUMBBR.
BOHEMIAN CLUB
ART EXHIBITION
Paintings by Members on
Display in the Jinks
Room.
The fifth annual exhibition of paint
ings by the artist members of the Bo
hemian Club was opened yesterday after
noon in the jinks room of the club build
ing.
Charles J. Dickman, • Wallace A. Sabln
and E. M. Greenway, who constitute the
art committee, have secured a good dis
play of works of art and the paintings
are above the average of those of previ
ous years.
One hundred and thirty-five paintings
are to be found in the exhibition, the
works being from the studios of H. R.
Bloomer, H. J. Breuer, G. Cadenasso,
Charles J. Carlson, J. W. Clawson, W. E.
Davia, C. J. Dickman, Harry S. Fonda,
John M. Gamble, Thomas Hill. C. Chapel
Judson. L. P. Latimer, J. T. Martinez. A.
F. Mathews, J. Frank McComas, Orrin
Peck, Charles Rollo Peters. C. D. Robin
son, Harry "W. Seawall, J. A. Stanton,
M. Straus3 and Thaddeus Welch.
There are some superb life studies in
the exhibition. A full-length painting of
Professor Benjamin Ide "Wheeler, by Or
rin Peck, is one of the gems of the collec
tion.
Landscapes of California and scenes In
Europe form the bulk of the exhibits.
Artist Hill having two magnificent views
of the Yosemite Valley.
Last evening the club members and
lady friends viewed the exhibit, iluslc
was furnished for the guests.
The public will be allowed to Inspect
the collection of paintings this afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock, and during the same
hours next Saturday. The evenings of
December 12 and 19. from 8 to 11. will also
be set apart for the public. The exhibi
tion will cloae on the night of December
[^DEPENDENT BIFLES
SELECT THEXR OFFICERS
For the Fifth Time L. Schneiber Is
Elected to the Office of
Captain.
The Independent Rifles held their elec
tion of officers Thursday evening. Con
siderable interest was manifested in tha
contests. This was especially true in the
fights for captaincy and for second lieu
tenant. To the former position Captain
L. Schneiber was chosen by a bandaom*
majority over First Lieutenant E. iloh
rig, while Sergeant H. Schilchtman.de
feated First Sergeant G. W. Mitchell for
the second lieutenancy. Schneiber's elec
tion this year marks the fifth time that
he has been honored by being chosen cap
tain of the Independent Rifles.
The other officers elected werer H-'Han
sen, first lieutenant, and H. Menke. re
cording secretary; F. C. Lawler, finan
cial secretary: H. Gaetryn, treasurer; L.'
Cochins, trustee, and Dr. W. A. Meier
dlerks, surgeon.
Xibby Dies From Chloroform.
Fred L. Klbbey, who swallowed chloro
form in a room at the Palmerlee rooming
house, on Ellis street, last Wednesday
night, died at the General Emergency
Hospital yesterday. The Morgue officials
took charge of the body.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
IV all street lower.
Silver still advancing. Sterling Exchange weaker.
Wheat a shade weaker. Barley very strong.
Oats in good demand and firm.. Corn and Rye steady.
Hay in light receipt, and steady. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds very quiet. /
Butter, Eggs and Cheese about the same.
Prices on loose and seeded Raisins temporarily withdrawn.
Primes continue to move rapidly out of first hands.
General Dried Fruit market now reported in good movement
Provisions quiet, with increasing stocks.
More Hogs offering than for several years. *
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Poultry and Game about as previously quoted.
Arrival of fresh Mexican Limes. ■ '
Oranges in large supply and weak.
Linseed Oil is lower.
Marked break in San Francisco Gas a::d Electric stock.
Foreign Exports.
Foreign exports from this port during the
first eleven months of the year were $36,333,680,
against $37,914,500 for the same time last year,
the leading destinations being as follows: To
Atlantic ports, $3,118,470; Great Britain. $11,
607,540; Spain, ?l.S30,160; China, ?4.8?6,455; Japan,
J3.001.700; Australia. $2,398,235; New. Zealand.
J1.ZT4.890; British Columbia. $1,071,000; Mexico,
$1,647,700; Central America. $2,043,990; South
America. $1.599.SS0; Philippine Islands. $871,900;
Germany, $7C6,SS0. '
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 6, 1901—5 p. m. |
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls in the last twenty
four hours :
Last 24 This Last
Stations— Hours.. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.80 15.03 15.41
Red Bluff 0^6 9.61 6.74
Sacramento 0.00 5.97 6.34
Pan Francisco 0.05 5.80 5.85
Fresno 0.06 2.15 5.10
Independence 0.00 1.34 2.18 '
San Luis Obispo 0.12 4.56 • 9.94 |
Los Angeles 0.00 2.44 9.79
San Diego 0.01 0.76 1.73 ;
. 1
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66: minimum; 48; mean. 52. •'
The following maximum and minimum tem- ;
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 24- SiOmaha :40-28
Cincinnati 30-22 iDuluth 26-24
Washington 30-14 Salt Lake City SS-44
Jacksonville 56-40 ' Chicago 30-22
Kansas City 3S-32 St. Louis 34-30
Kew York 26-14 Philadelphia 30-16
THE COAST RECORD. I
S 2 2 3 w 5
3 nX re= "3 <S £
■ ETATIONS. 3 1=||^= £0 f
' I ; j ! 5 p f I
Astoria 30.14 46 40 S Clear .18
Baker 30.18 32 26 NW Cloudy .12
Carson 30.04 42 38 NE Cloudy T.
Eureka 30.24 54 44 SW J>t Cldy .80
Fresno 30.14 66 50 XW Clear .06
Flagstaff 29.96 50 28 SW Pt Cldy .0
Pocatello, Idaho.. .29.98 38 34 W Cloudy .18
Independence 29.92 £8 38 N Clear .0
Los Angeles 30.02 66 48 NW Pt Cldy .0
Phoenix 29.86 74 4S .. Cloudy 0
Portland 30.22 46 40 W Clear .04
Red Bluff 30.18 58 44 SW Clear .26
Roseburg 30.24 52 42 E Rain .13
Sacramento 30.1S 56 46 NE Clear .0
6altLake 29.90 44.44 NW Snow .10
San Francisco 30.22 '56 48 W Clear .07
San Luis Obispo. -.30. 16 64 48 W Pt Cldy 12
San Diego 30.00 62 56 NW Clear .01
Seattle 30.20 48 34 SE Clear .02
Spokane 30.16 38 32 NW Cloudy 02
Crescent 30.14 4g 34 E Clear !cs
Walla Walla 30.16 42 32 S Pt Cldy 98
Winnemucca 30.06 38 32 S Cloudy 02
Yuma 29.84 76 48 NW Clear .0
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 50 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the entire
coast during the past twelve hours. The storm
has moved rapidly overland and is to-night
over the Rocky Mountains. In Northern Utah
snow, with high westerly winds, is reported
There has been a marked fall In temperature
along the Sierras and east to the Rocky Moun
tains. Clearing colder weather will prevail
generally on the Pacific Slope.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 7, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, with
light frosts in the northern portion Saturday
morning; light northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday lieht
northerly winds; cooler in the Interior
Nevada— Fair Saturday; continued cold, with
win<2 rosts to tne m °ming; light northerly
i&£&*SSL yUtaU *~ v * r Saturday '
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market
KEW YORK. Dec. 6.-Fears of money strin
gency gained the upper hand in the stock
"rcrt"* to-day and precipitated active selling
throughout the list. The bears were active
«nd energetic in taking the market away at
each recurrence of elgns of selling, and their
buyirg to cover at frequent Intervals caused
many irregular rallies and checks to the de
cline. The demand quickly fell away on these
rallies and the activity in the market was
only renewed when prices began to give way
again. The apparent running out of the re
cent speculative movement In Manhattan and
the consequent realizing by the longs was a
feature of the market. The stock made an
effective rallying point for the bears in their
aggressive onslaueht on the market. In the
late dealings the stock fell to 135%, represent
1ns an extreme decline of 1%. At the same
time Amalgamated Copper, which had fluc
tuated rather eluggishly but heavily all day,
tj k a new downward plungs to 68%, compared
•with its previous low record of 71%. This un
settled the -whole market and made the clos
ing active and easy, but with the selling press
ure much less acute in the general list than
In the stocks named. The deposit at the sub
treasury lor transfer to the Interior of $1,000 000
completed the fright over the money prosnt-ct
which had been gathering lorce all day. with
the contemplation of the preliminary figures
of tie week's currency movement. It appeared
from these that the banks had gained on the
« *£5?2L ™ OTem « n t by express more than
tUlW.000 up to Thursday night, thus seeming
to offset that tar the week's loss to the sub
treasury, which footed up last night $7,115,000
« f^^ week^ B los * to the s «b-treasury nearly
fi.CK'0,000 represents deposits of legal tender* to
retire circulation and withdraw Government
bonCs. These bonds have not been offered for
redemption and there is lacking this offset to
the decrease in the circulation. The payment
for the $2,000,000 gold exported is also included
in the sub-treasury operations. New York ex
change at Chicago, which fell to 50c discount
at one time yesterday, stiffened to 30c discount
to-day, as a result of the currency shipment
These unexpected new demands upon the local
money supply were reflected in calling of leans
and marking up of money rates. Banks
marked up their call loans rate over the coun
ter to 5 per cent and exercised stricter dis
crimination as to Industrial collateral. The
easier tone of the foreign exchange, market
•was lost sight of in this new development, al
though it promised relief from the further
gold exports threatened next week. A rise in
the New York money rate will help to prevent
eold exports, but not to the relief of the specu
lative borrowers on call. The few stocks which
rra4e a show of strength during the morning
ruccumbed to the weakness. . .
Lotnes of 1 to 3 points were made by the
majority of the prominent active stocks. Gen
eral Electric, after rising to 2S9S4,. broke to
2S014 °n the declaration of only the regular
quarterly dividend an.l then fluctuated wiMly
above the lowest.
Bonds were easier in sympathy with stocks.
Total sales, par value, $3,9S9,C0O.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 24,100 79% 77% 78%
Atchison pfd 5,300 101 100 100
Baltimore & Ohio 2,500 104% 1«3^ 103
Baltimore & Ohio pfd.. 95%
Canadian Pacific 38,000 114% 113M, 113% 1
Canada Southern 700 85 84% 84%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,100 48 47% 47%
Chicago & Alton 800 36% 35%' 35%
Chicago & Alton pfd... 200 78 77% 77%
Chic Ind & Louis 800 47% 48% 46% |
Chic Ind & Louis pfd.. 400 74% 74% 74%
Chic & Eastern Illinois 100 138% 138% 138
Chic & Great West 4,600 24% 23% 23%
Chic & G West A pfd.. 400 87% 87 87
Chic & G West B pfd.. 100 45% 45% 45
Chic & Northwestern 204
Chic Rock Is & Pac... 1,800 153 149% 149%
Chic Term & Tran 4,000 16V4 15% 15%
Chic Term & Tran pfd. 2,600 30% 29% 29%
C C C & St Louis 1,000 97% 97% 97%
Colo Southern 600 14% 14% 14*4
Colo Southern 1st pfd.. 400 58 57 57
Colo Southern 2d pfd.... 600 26% 26 26
Delaware & Hudson 1,400 174 172 171%
Del Lack & West 400 241 241 241
Denver & Rio Grande 45
Denver & R G pfd 900 94% 93% 93%
Erie 15,800 41% 41% 41%
Erie 1st pfd 5,600 72% 71% 71%
Erie 2d pfd 1,200 58 57% 56%
Great Northern pfd 1,900 190 187% 188
Hocking Valley 800 63% 63 63
Hocking Valley pfd 400 Sl% 81 81
Illinois Central 600 139V> 138% 138%
Iowa Central 900 38 37% 37%
Iowa Central pfd..; .... 72
Lake Erie & Western.. 800 71 69 €7
Lake Erie & W pfd..,. 125
Louisville & Nashville. 6,500 108% 107% 107%
Manhattan L 137,700 143 135% 136
Metropolitan St Hy 9,400 165 162 162
Mexican Central 2,700 24% 23 23 ■
Mexican National 2,000 14% 14 14%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 200 107% 107^ 107
Missouri Pacific 37,700 105% 103 103%
Mo Kans & Tex 100 23% 25% 25%
Mo Kans & Tex pfd 100 53 53 52
New Jersey Central 400 181 1S1 ISO
New York Central 12,300 170% 165% 167%
Norfolk & Western 4,700 59 57% 57%
Norfolk & Western pfd 90
Northern Pacific pfd 1,600 100% 100% 100%
Ontario & Western 4,700 35 34% 34%
Pennsylvania 31.200 151 149% 149%
Reading 22.000 49% 49 49
Reading 1st pfd 35,000 80% 79% 79%
Reading 2d pfd 6,700 59% 58% 58%
St L & S F ;.. 2,000 52% 52 52
St L & S F 1st pfd „ .. si
St L & S F 2d pfd 200 71 70 70
St L Southwestern 400 27% 27% 27%
St L Southwestern pfd.. 900 69% 59 S9% !
ft £»"• -;i ■■•- 24 ' 100 167 * 165 % 163 % I
St Paul pfd isg |
Southern Pacific 16,100 60% 59% 59%!
Southern Railway 14,700 33% 33% 33%
Southern Railway pfd.. 4,600 93 92 92
Texas & Pacific 1,400 40% 39',4 39%
Toledo St L & West 100 19% 19% 19%
Toledo St L & West pfd 200 34 32% 32%
Union Pacific 67,300 102% 101 101
Union Pacific pfd 7,500 90 89 89
W . a j> as * 3,000, 22% 21% 21%
TVabash pfd 7,000 41% 41 41
Wheeling & Lake Erie is
Wheel & L E 2d pfd 100 29 29 29 i
Wisconsin Central 900 21% 20% ' 20?: '
Wisconsin Central pfd 40%
Express companies-
Adams 1S5
American 100 202 202 200
United States 300 92 92 90
Wells-Fargo 190
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper... 96.300 73% 69% 69%
Am Car & Foundry 7,100 30% 29 29%
Am Car & Foundry pfd 3,500 86 85% 86
Am Linseed Oil 15
Am Linseed Oil pfd 45%
Am Smelting & Refin.. 9,500 44% 43% 44'
Am Smelt & Refin pfd. 300 97 96% 97
Anaconda Mining Co 1,500 31% 31 30%
Brooklyn Rapid Tran... 11,900 64 62% 62
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 400 91% S0% 90
Consolidated Gas 900 217 217 217
Continental Tobacco pfd 300 115 115 115
General Electric 9,400 2S9% 280% 282
Glucose Sugar 800 40' 59% 39
Hocking Coal 400. 17% 16% 16
International Paper 100 21>A 21% 20%
International • Pap pfd.. 600 78% 78 7a
International Power sgy
Laclede Gas 91
National Biscuit 200 43% 43% 43%
National Lead 700 18% 18 17%
National Salt pfd „ .... 6 2
North American . 92
Pacific Coast 1.200 75 74% 74
Pacific Mall 300 45 44% 41%
People's Gas 2,500 100 99% 99%
Pressed Steel Car 100 42V4 4'% 42
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. ..<.. .... .... 85
Pullman Palace Car 215
Republic Steel 400. 16 15% 15%
Republic Steel pfd.. 800 69 68% 68%
Sugar 12.900 123 121% 121%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 3,600 64 63 63%
Union Bag & Paper Co .... 14
Union Bag & P Co pfd. 200 74% 74 74%
United States Leather.. 1,600 12 11% \\ii-
United States Leath pfd 1,100 82% 81% • 81%
United States Rubber.. 800 15% 15 15
United States Rub pfd. 700 52 52 51
United States Steel 18,100 42% 42% 4»«
United States Steel pfd. 28,700 93 92% 92
Western Union 1,200 92% 91% 91%
Am Locomotive 4,400 32% 31% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd. 2,000 88% 88%" 88%
Total sales.... 758,100
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg....l08% L &N Uni 4s. ...102%
Do coup 109 Mexican Cent 4s.. 92V-
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st inc 30%
Do coup 108% Minn & St L 4a...lO3Vi
Do new 4s reg.. 139% M K & T 4s 98%
Do coup 139% Do 2ds 8Wi
Do old 4s reg.... 111% N Y Cent lsts 105%
Do coup 112% Do gen 3%s 109%
Do 5s reg 107% N J Cent gen 5s. .131%
Do coup 107% Nor Pac 4s 105%
Atch gen 4s 103% Do 3s ..; 723,1
Do adjt 4s 94% Nor & W con 4s.. "02%
Balto & O 4s ....103 Reading Gen 4s 93
Do 3%s 93% S L & I M con 5s.H6
Do conv 4s 105% St L & S F 4s 97H
Canada So 2ds ...109% St L S W lsts .... 96%
Cent of Ga 5s 106% Do 2ds 79sJ
Do '1st Inc :..... 76 S A & A P 4s.. ..'89%
C & O 4%s 107% So Pac 4s 92%
Chi & Alton 3%s.. 85% So Ry 5s 121
C B & Q new 4s.. 97% Tex & Pac lsts ..113
C M & St P gen 4s.lll T St L & W 4s.... 81
C & N con 7s. ...134 Union Pacific 4s ,'.106>4
C R I & P 4s 106% U P conv 4s 105%
C C C & St L g 4s.lO2% Wabash lsts 118%
Chicago Term 4s.. 87% Do 2ds 11114
Colo & So 4s.-... 89% Do deb B 64
D & R G 4s 103% West Shore 4s. ...114%
Erie prior Hen 4s. .100 W & L Erie 4s. 9l»i
Erie Gen 4s.. 89% Wls Cent 4s .......91
Ft W & D C 1sts.lO3% Am Tobacco 4s.... 63%
Hocking Val 4%s..lO8 .> ,■
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 18 Little Chief ; 12
Alice 45 Ontario /.....9 00
Breece 75 Ophir 63
Brunswick Con 15 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel .. 06 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage * 03
Deadwood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada ... 05-
Horn Silver 13fliSmall Hopes ..... 4<)
Iron Silver ........ 60 Standard 3 80
Leadville Con 051 ,,.
> , : -: •- BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money— US Steel ......... 42%
Call loans 4@5 Do prefd . 92
Time loans 4@5 Westingh Com .... 75
Bonds—. ; % Mining—
Atchison 4a 1 102 Adventure 19
Mexican Cent 4s.. 80 Allouez ... ' " 4
N E Gas & Coke.. 59 Amalgamated .'.'.'.' 70
Railroads— Baltic 41
Atchison :..., 78 Bingham i 28
Do prefd.. 99% Calumet & Hecla.. 630
Boston & Albany.. 260- | Centennial ;.. 15
Boston & Maine.... 183%; Copper Range /.. 59
Boston L...;. .167 Dominion Coal .... 46
N Y N H & H....212 JFrcnklln 15
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1901.
Fitchburg prefd. ..142% Isle Royale 20
Union Pacific ....101 Mohawk 38
Mexican Cent 22% Old Dominion .... 25
Miscellaneous— • Osceola 85
Amer Sugar 121% Parrott 32%
Amer. Tel & Tel..l6l7ilQuIncy 151
Dominion I & S.. 26 Santa Fe Copper.. 3%.
Gen Electric 2S% Tamarack 265
Mass Electric .... 32% United States .... 14%
Do prefd 93% Victoria 6
N E Gas & Coke.. 5 Winona 2
United Fruit 88 Wolverine 56
London Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— The Commercial .Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says: : Continued
cheerfulness dominated the stock market. The
capture of Boer war prisoners Inspired a feel
ing of optimism and consols rose j sharply to
92% on a rumor that the Government .will" bor
row no more on consols, 1 but rather will 'issue
a guaranteed Transvaal loan. ' , American
stocks were absolutely idle. :
A bad New York bank statement is expected
to-morrow and New York came flat. The close
at the worst with London indifferent. Copper
slumped to £55 a ton, but Rio Tintos remain
at 42%.
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Close: Money on call
was firm at 4%@5 per cent; last loan, 4% per
cent. Prime . mercantile paper. 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange was weak, with actual bus
iness In bankers' bill at $4 87% for demand and
at $4 84@4 84% for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 S5 and $4 88^4. . Commercial bills, $4 83^@4 84.
Bar silver, 55V4c. Mexican dollars, 43%c. ,
Bonds— Governments, steady; States, inactive,
railroads, weak. ; ■ • •
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption shows: Available cash
balance, $169,688,3S2; gold, $111,404,203.- "-'
Bank Clearings.
j NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— The following table,
j compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
' ings at the principal cities for the week ended
I December 5. with the percentage of Increase
I and decrease, as compared with the corre
sponding Week last year: .'•..' .
..... , Percentage.
Cities— " ■ Clearances. Inc. Dec.
New York. $1,587,972,089 7.7
Chicago 192,765,927 25.2 ...;
Boston 142.197,156 .... 2.1
Philadelphia ....... 123,474,654 11.6 ....
St. Louis.. 58,447,371 46.1 ....
Pittsburg 40,430,265 18:7
Baltimore 24,866,147 .... 11.4
San Francisco 28,129,139 8.1 ....
Cincinnati 20,265,800 7.9 ....
Kansas City 21,905,765 21.4 ....
Minneapolis ........ 22.583.244 45.3 ....
Cleveland 15,479,798 16.0 ' ....
New Orleans 19.4S0.4OO .... ....
Detroit 15.913.SC5 63.8
Louisville 9,063.378 .... 7.5
Indianapolis 10.845,322 54.1 ....
Providence ' 7,267,600 6.1
Omaha 7,436,700 7.0
Milwaukee 7,966,485 18.0 ......
Buffalo 6,824,529 15.9
St Paul 7,534,961 15.7
Savannah 4,900,302 24.9
Denver 4,718,600 2.7
St. Joseph 6,321,705 47.7 ....
Richmond ■ 4,458,947 7.6
Memphis 3.227,474 29.4
Seattle 3,056,728 3.4 ....
Washington 3,395,226 19.2
Hartford 2.S61.2S7 1,2
Los Angeles 4,352,537 61.5 ....
Salt Lake City 4,583.457 23.7
Toledo 3,120,245 16.8 ....
Portland. Or 3.150.543 12.2 ....
Rochester 3,104,315 13.6 ....
Peoria 3.222.S77 22.6
Forth Worth.. 3.113.1S5 7.9
Atlanta 3.168,686 7.1
Norfolk 1,681.793 /....
Des Moines 2,097,887 9.2 ....
New Haven 1,842,252 18.4
Springfield. Mass.. 1,622,563 11.8
Augusta 1,777,704 .... 17.9
Nashville 1.7S6.850 .... 6.9
Worcester 1,784,186 21.2 ....
Grand Rapids..;... 1,452,930 10.6 ....
Sioux City 1,792,599 11.8
I Dayton, 0 1,456,826 9.8
j Syracuse 1.361.817 4.6
Scranton 1,801,974 40.7 ....
l^ortland, Me 1,516,080 2.1
Spokane 1,753,458 46.7 ....
Tacoma 1,197,173 11.7
Evansville ■ 859.479 6.1 ....
Wilmington, Del... 1,118.800 26.3 ....
Davenport 1,587,818 33.8
Kail River 1,149,170 7 6
Birmingham ,1,320,624 13.8 ....
Topeka ' 1,462,231 71.7 ' ....
Macon 979,000 5.4
Little Rock 1,062,411 31.2
Helena 712,913 .... 11.7
I Knoxville 762,249 25.7
Lowell 669,562 13.3
Wichita 759,083 54.5
Akron 745,200 75.7 ....
New Bedford 605,582 ....• 42 1
Lexington 648,041 .... {.$
Springfield, 111..... 663,900 18.3
Blnghamton ' ... • 483,200 23 6
Chattanooga 568,200 19.3
Kalamazoo 549,140 - 11 3 '
Fargo 681,388 23.1
Youngstown ....... 659,246 94 3
Springfield, 0 378.045 12.1
Rockford 239,546 18.1
Canton 381,500 13.0 ....
Jacksonville 436,312 SO. 9
Sioux Falls . 319,024 57.1
Fremont 258,899 47^4
Bloomington, 111.... 335,559 35I7
Jacksonville, 111.... 223,665 59.4
•Columbus. 0 9,140,500 46.1
•Galveston . 10,202,000 10 5
•Houston 16,455,409 812
tColorado Springs... 935,973 10 2
tWheeling, W. Va.' 672,885 """*
tChester 403,408 ....
tWilkesbarre 928,478
Albany 5,546,369 .... "*;
-** Totals, U. S.... $2. 478, 151, 606 Ti ".
Outside New York. 890,173,517 14.6
CANADA.
Montreal $19,664,473 26.1
Toronto 16,509,115 37 2
Winnipeg, 5,890,897 92.4
Halifax "2,074,340 25.5
Vancouver, B. C... 1,123,261 2' 7 *"*"
Hamilton ..........' LC41.628 ..'.. """
1 St. John, N. B 946,746 26.6 *"*■
i Victoria,- B. C 461,078 .... 28*7
tQuebec 920,867 .... ;.-*"
Totals, Canada. $47,711,538 33^6
*t. Not . t IncIud t d in totals because containing
other items than clearings. tNot Included in
totals because of no comparison for last year
Bradstreet's on Trade.
*— — — : : _4
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.-Bradstreet's to-morrow
will say:
Retail distribution, stimulated -. by cold
weather and, holiday Influences, -has been very
large and has reflected in a decidedly good re
asserting demand from jobbers. Holiday trade,
in fact, promises to be of unprecedented vol
ume, with demand for better class of goods.
In the great industries, such as! iron, coal,
lumber, , the textiles, boots and shoes and the
various kindred and subsidiary branches, ac
tivity is widespread. , . —
The' trade in good staples and metals is the
basis for the apparent resumption in the ad
vance of the general level l>f prices noted for
November. Iron and steel are stronger at the
highest prices of the year. Inability to obtain
supplies , is complained all the way ■ from the
furnace to the finished products. The switch
men's strike affects Pittsburg and further ag
gravates the car shortage trouble. Some mills
are closing for want of steel and some fur
naces for want of fuel. Merchant furnaces
are reported.-, running onljw half their capacity.
Steel is practically unobtainable for prompt
delivery. , Wire and nails alone are weaker in
price, on competition. Plates are stronger and
structural mills are crowded with orders. Bar
steel is scarce at Chicago. .Rail, buyers ar»
numerous, but sellers are • indifferent. Foun
dries have booked orders months ahead. Orders
for railroad cars are very heavy.
The original impetus for wheat has this week
been aided by the widening out of speculation
owing to buying being a feature, aided by*the
smaller run of receipts at the Northwest. Tha
highest price paid for - seventeen months has
been reached in the face of the largest gain- in
stocks, both- here and abroad, reported in any
month- for years. Wheat in- the United > States
and Canada increased 21,000,000 bushels in No
vember, an increase nearly- five times the gain
shown a year ago. Corn and oats are higher
than at any -time since- 1891. Hog " products
and provisions generally ' are In better' specu
lative demand and statistically • the position
has many points of strength.
Wheat, including flour, ' exports for the week
aggregate 4,604,846 bushels, against 5,117,478
bushels last week, and 3,432,159 bushels in. this
week last year. Wheat exports, July 1 to date
(twenty-three weeks), aggregate 132,423,906
bushels, . against 80,175,178 bushels last season.
. After a slight breathing spell In October,
prices, influenced chiefly, by the cereals, pro
visions and metals, apparently resumed their
upward course in - November, and ' the - index
number, on December 1. as reported by Brad-
Etroet's, is S5.773, a gain of seven-tenths of one
per. cent over the' index number of November
1 and of 2 per cent over the low water mark
of June 1/ but a- decline of 8, per cent from
the hich water mark of February, 1900. In
all. six out of thirteen classes of products ad
vanced during November, they beins bread
stuffs, wovl3ions, livestock, the metals, coa)
and coke and miscellaneous products, forty-five
products advancing, twenty-three declining and
thirty-five remaining unchanged as a result of
operations during that month. Compared with
a year ago, fifty-one products are higher,
forty-two lower and thirteen remain un
changed. V
Business failures in the United States for
the week number 236, against 189 last week, 283
in this week a year ago, 220 in 1S99, 237 in 1S0S
and 292 in 1397. Canadian failures number 23.
against 26 last week and 27 a year ago.
Dun's Review of Trade.
* : •!■
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will to-morrow say:
- Current trade is of ample dimensions, but
traffic congestion grows worse and laboi con
troversies add to the embarrassment of ship
pers, j If consignments of fa.ncy goods for the
holiday- trade are delayed much longer there
Will be serious loss. Prices of commodities
tend upward.
Activity and strength are conspicuous in the
markets for domestic wool. Coates Bros.' cir
cular makes the average of one hundred grades
17.51 cents, which is the -best price recorded
since May. Concessions are not ' secured • by
purchasers, but on the other hand, holders grow
more • confident. Des=aite recent phenomenal
sales at . Boston, . there is steady, buying. and
stocks ;do not accumulate, although arrivals
are liberal.. Makers of heavyweight woolens
received good duplicate orders, while contracts
for spring lines come forward freely. Foot
wear factories are busy on spring goods, many
having contracts for spring lines. ■ Chicago
shows a further decline, but imported dry
hides are well sustained. Staple products con-,
tinue advancing, corn making a most sensa
tional gain. Extraordinarily high prices for
corn tempted many traders to sell future con
tracts in expectation of a sharp reaction, but
a further violent rise* to the hiKhest ..price for
many; years compelled covering at a. severe
loss. This grain is not covered ; by precedent,
the smaller exports for many years failing to
produce any. effect. Shipment from Atlantic
ports reached the lowest point since 1894. *
Wheat was also sharply advanced to the best
price of the season, largely through sympathy
with corn.- for wheat was freely substituted.
Poor weather for new crops of wheat and de
mand were also strengthening features, : be
sides . resorts from all parts of the United
States amounting to 4,815,000 bushels for the
week against 3,255,211 a year ago. ; ■..'
New York Grain and Produce:
;NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— The regular session of
Brain markets did not provide much excitement
t'p-day.i but curb trading, after the regular
close, was one of the heaviest In months and
revealed a shortage among pit. traders that ex
ceeded all, calculations. So vigorous was this
demand from scalpers who had been pounding
the market all day In a vain effort to for<:e li
quidation by outsiders that May wheat Jumped
from 85c to 85%c, representing - the highest
point on the crop. Corn sold up sharply, but
failed to reach Its previous high point of 72%c
for May. ■ . ■
FLOUR— Receipts, 21,100 barrels; exports, 11,
212 barrels; firm. Winter straights, $2 50@3 60;
Minnesota patents $3 80@4 15; winter extras,
$2 8O.@3; Minnesota bakers'. $2 90@3 35; winter
low grades, $2 60@2 70.
WHEAT— Receipts, 34,000 bushels; exports.
7980 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 86%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red 83%c elevator; No. I North
ern Duluth. 83%c f. o. . b. afloat: No. 1 hard
Duluth, 92%c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
firm on foreign buying, but eased oft later and
were unsettled all day at the decline, reflecting
active and. unloading for local and outside ac
count. They rallied finally on covering and
closed firm, %c net advance. On the curb May
advanced to 86%c; March, 85%@86%c, closed
85%c; May, 84%@85%c, closed 85c; December, 83
@83 3-16c, closed 83%c.
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Steady. Domestic fleece. 26@28c>
Texas, 16@17c.
« COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm. No. 7 invoice, 6%c.
Mild, steady. Cordova, 7%@llc. Futures closed
steady and net 5@10 points higher. Sales, 44,000
bags, including: December, 6.55c; January.
6.65c; February, 6.65c; March, 6.75@6.80c; May,
6.93@7.00c; July. 7.05@7.10c; August, 7.20c; Sep
tember. 7.25@7.35c: October, 7.40c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. Fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar, 3c.
Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3400 packages; firm.
State dairy. 15@23%c; State creamery. 16@25%c;
June creamery, 18@22c; factory, 12%®15c.
■ EGGS— Receipts, 4800 packages: Western at
mark, 26c; Southern at mark, 20@25c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading was slow in all grades of evaporated
apples to-day. State, common to good, 6@8%c;
prime, 9@9%c; choice, 9%@9%c; fancy, 10@i0%c.
California dried fruits were quiet and un
changed.
PRUNES— 3%@7c. ■
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark. 9%
@13c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 12@19c; unpeeled, 7@10%c.'
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. 6.— Wheat started In with a
small demand, which. was taken to indicate a
continuation of the bull movement. ! This
brought good advances at the opening, but
profit-taking, dull trade, poor cables and out-
Side declines brought a sharp slump. Late In
the day strength at St. Louis and buying
orders from the Southwest started general buy
ing again. , During the last twenty minutes of
trade prices jumped forward and backward %c.
Though all the advances were not held, the
close of the pit was very firm. December
opened %c up ati76Vic, sagged oft! to 76%c, re
acted and closed firm, %@%c up at 75%@76c.
May opened %c to %o up at 80c to 80%c, sold
to SC'Uc, fell to 79%c, reacted and closed firm,
%@%c up at 79%@80c.
Corn was moderately steady, trading being
narrow and comparatively limited to local in
terests. There was a lack of outside support,
sucn as has been present for several days, and
fears of an increased country movement and
slackened spring demand induced many hold
ers to realize in anticipation of a setback from
top prices. Toward the close the wheat
strength helped ' materially, but the closing
figures were only steady. December unchanged
at 64^4 c and May a shade higher at 67%c.
Oats had a comparatively small trade over a
narrow range, with almost featureless opera
tions. May. closed firm, %c higher at 45%c.
Provisions were dull and steady. . January
pork closed -7V4@10c higher, lard 2V£c up and
ribs unchanced. 1 ... •
The leading; futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. Hizh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 76% 76*4 75% 76
May KOtt SO'i 79% 80
July ., 80% ■ 80% 79% 79%
Corn No. 2 —
December f4% 64% 63% 64%
May ...; 68 68 ■ 67% 67%
July 67% 67% 66% 67%
Oats No. 2—
December 45 , 45 44% 45
May 45% 46 45% 45%
July...: 41% 41% 40% 40%
Mess Pork, per bbl — *
January 16 62% 16 70 16 55 16 70
May ;.... 17 05 17 10 16 95 17 05
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 9 80 9 80 .9 77% 9 77%
January 9 80 9 80 9 70 9 77%
May 9 85 9 87% 9 77% 9 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December 8 70 8 60 8 60 8 70
January ........... 8 50 8 50 8 47% 8 50
May .... S 70 8 70 8 60 8 67%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat. 75%; No, 2 red, 80V4c;
No. 2 cats, 45%@46%c; No. 2 white, 48%@49V4c:
No. 3 white,. 48Vi@4S%c; No. % rye. 62%©63c:
fair to choice malting barley, 59@63c; No. 1
flaxseed, $1 43; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 44; prime
timothy seed. $6 40@6 50; mess pork, per bbl,
$15 70® 15 80; lard, per 100 lbs. $9 77%@9 80:
short ribs sides (loose), $8 40@8 55; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), VA&Thic; short clear sides
(boxed), $8 85@8 95: whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 32; clover, ' contract grade, $9 25.
Articles— ' ■ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels"..... 32,000 49,000
Wheat, bushels :.... 316,000 310,000
Corn, bushels • ........115,000 123,000
Oats, bufhels 210,000 .277,000
Rye, bushels '. 2,000 ......
Barley, bushels 98,000 39,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket was firm; creameries. 15@24%c; dairies,
l3@20c. Cheese, 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
!4c. '. '
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
•Wheat— . March. May.
Opening ....: 6 1% . 6 2V4
Closing .6% 6 1%
?:.' ; PARIS. '■' •: : ~;V, --U-
■ Wheat— . ■ ■ Dec Mar. -June.
Opening 22 45 23 25
Closing ..;..... 22 50 23 15
Flour— ....
Opening 27 95 29 20
Closing 27 95 29 15
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Irregular conditions
continue to prevail in London copper circles.
A decline of £2, 10s on futures and' a loss of
£3 on spot was the: net. result 'Of another day
of heavy selling, which brought prices to a
level not touched in many years, spot being
quoted at '£55 and futures at £55. Sales of
2300 tona.were reported. At New York, how
ever, the market remains unsettled and nomi
nally unchanged on ■■ the basis - of ,- 16V£@17c for
lake and 16%@16%c for casting. A firmer feel-
Ing prevails, in the tin market at New York
and in London' values gained £1 with " spot
quoted at £112 15s and futures at £10(5. Here
a net rise o* 20@50 points occurred without
much business being done, with the close firm
at $25 .70@26. .
Lead and spelter were dull and without
change either here or at London, closing at
$4 37% and £10 15s and $4 30 and £16 7s 5d
respectively.
• Iron was unchanged. Pigiron warrants, $10 50
@11 50; No. 1 Northern foundry, $14 50@15 50:
No. 1 Southern foundry. $15 50@16; No. 1
Southern foundry,, soft, $15@17. Glasgow iron
warrants closed at 55s lOd and Mlddlesboro
closed at 42s ll%d.
y New -York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Cotton closed steady; 1
point lower to 1 point higher.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO,- Dec. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3500;
strong. Good to prime. $6 50@7 50; poor to
medium. $4@6 25; stockers and feeders. $2 25®
4 50; cows, $1 25@4 75; heifers, $2 50@5 50; can
ners, $1 25@2 30; bulls, ?2@4 75; calves, $2 50® 6.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 26.C00; to-morrow,
24,000; left over, 4000 head. Market opened
shade higher; closed easy. Mixed and butchers',
$5 M>m 25; good to choice heavy, $5 90@6 42tf ;
rough heavy, $5 60® 5 90; light, ?3 25@5 90; bulk
of sales, $5 85@6 25.
-SHEEP— Receipts, 8000; sheep slow to' 10c
lower; lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers,
$3 50@4 15: fair to choice mixed, $2 75@3 50;
Western sheep, $3<fi:4; native lambs. $2 50@5 37%;
Western "lambs, $3@4 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Dec. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1000; steady.- Natives. $3 50@7 25; cows and
heifers, $1 25@5 50; veals, $2 50@5 25; bulls and
stags, $2@5; stockers and feeders, $2@i 30.
HOGS— Receipts. 7100; 10@15c higher. Light
and light mixed. $5 60@6 30; medium and heavy,
$6 20@6 50; pigs, ?3 75® 5 10.
. SHEEP— Receipts, 330; steady. -
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 14,121 bales.
Most of the offerings were of common quality.
Victoria was in request and sold readily at
current rates. Cape of Good Hope and Natal
was in. fair demand and some lots were with
drawn by holders. i
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 6.— Clearings, $594,
697; balances, $78,519.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 6.— WHEAT- Easier; Wal
la Walla. 60@60%c; Blue Stem. 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 6.— WHEAT— Half cent lower.
Blue stem, 61%c; club, 60%c.
Clearings, $199,284; balances, $31,931.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— Consols, 92 11-16; silver,
25 7-16d: French rentes, lOlf 60c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady;. cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s;. cargoes Walla Walla, 29s
6d; English country markets, firm at ad
vance €d.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 6.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California. 6s l%d@6s 2d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets. «iuler; weather In England,
fine but cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 6.— Hops at London—Pa
cific Coast, quiet, £2 18s to £3 15s.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days,
286,000 centals, all American.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver continues to advance.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New'York Exchange, sight j ■*• 02}£
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 45^4 <jj 45%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets 1 were barely
steady, and Liverpool futures declined.
Chicago opened firm and advanced from 79%c
to SOVic, but fell back again to 79%c. Wires
to M. Blum & Co. said: "There was heavy
general buying at the opening, and the other
markets were relatively stronger than Chicago,
but heavy selling by brokers, presumably for
local account, caused a quick break. St. Louis
and New York were unchanged, but the North
west was %c off. The professional bull ele
ment seemed determined to take profits, figur
ing that the market was overbought. This,
supplemented by short selling, gave the mar
ket a scf t appearance. Later on free buying
by St. Louis caused a sharp rally."
Wires to Bolton, de Ruyter ' & Co. said:
"The public have taken hold with confidence,
and are not i to be shaken off by slight reac
tions. The country buying continued enor
mous, and the professional trade cut no figure.
Outsiders and Wall street were the best buy
ers, and the purchases of the latter checked the
decline. A big line was reported worked for
export. Realizing was liberal, • however, there
were a lot of selling orders In at 80c, and
Omaha and the Southwest were heavy sellers.
There seemed to be plenty of wheat for sale."
This market fell oft slightly on calL with a
diminished business.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, »1 02%@l 03%; milling,
$1 05@l 06)4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls. $1 06%; 2000,
$1 06%; 12,000. $1 06%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 02-/4: 20OO, 51 02%; 6000. $1 02%. May— 4000,
$1 06%. •
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, $106%;
14,000, $1 06%. . ,
BARLEY— The firmness continues, and large
handlers report a good demand for round lots.
Spot offerings are small and sales are at full
figures, as sellers no longer make concessions.
Feed 76%<a77%c for choice bright, 75c for No.
1 and 70@72%c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 77%@85c; Chevalier, 80c@$l
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
' Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
. Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 6000 ctls,
77%c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Local dealers continue to report a
very firm market, with considerable selling, red
descriptions being | preferred to all others. 1
Grays, $1 12%@1 17% for feed and $1 20®
122% for seed: whites, $1 15@1 25; Surprise,
$1 30@l 32%; black, 95c@$l 07% for feed and
$115@122% for seed; red. $1 12%@1 17% per
ctl . for feed and $1 20@l 27% for seed.
CORN— Chicago was quiet and unchanged.'
Private ' wires to this city from there said
that up to a week ago supply and demand
made prices for Corn and Oats, but now they
are made by speculative influences. Prices are
considered high and Chicago houses are rather
advising their customers to take their profits.
This market continues dull and unchanged.
Spot — Large yellow, $1 35©1 37%; small round
do, $1 30@l 40; white, $1 42%@1 45. To arrive—
$1 25@1 32% per ctl for all kinds, according to
dryness.
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $165 per ctl.
Flour and Milistuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers'. $2 73
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Mer.il, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4tH 25; Buckwheat Flour, $1®4 25; Cracked
Whsat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 S5@S 35;
in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is nothing new, eitheK in Hay or
Feedstuff s. : Receipts of the former have been
light since the rainy weather set in, "' '?. .
BRAN— $15 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 per ton. H*~ ■ '■<;■.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Mealat the mill. $27@28; Jobbing,
$23 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal.
$31 50@32; Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $16(S17. - • -
HAT— Wheat, $9@U; fancy. $11 50@12; Wheat
and Oat. $8@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley and Oat.
$7@9; Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Clover. $6@7; Volun
teer, $5 50@8; Stock, $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale. '
Beans, and Seeds.
* Beans have relapsed into dullness, both re
ceipts and demand -being light. A. press dis
patch from Santa Maria states that the -Bean
harvest is completed and the output of the val
ley'amounts to about 200,000 sacks. About
175.000 sacks .are small whites and the re
mainder pinks. Thus far. about 30,000 sacks
have. been shipped, principally to Boston and
New York. A large percentage of this year's
product. will be sold to the Government for the
army. Several large, shipping firms have re
ceived contracts and are now preparing to fill
the . order. S The • price at ■> present Is $3 25 ■ for
choice quality, which has not been exposed to
the recent rains. The cheapest bring $2 90, but
as. the Bean market Vs practically - bare the
farmers are holding back, believing that the
market price will rise. „ ■-_:;: „ ~
BEANS-Bayos, $2 35@2 50; Small White. $2 75
©3 15; Large White, $2 80@3; Pea. $3 50-S4.
Pink. $1 75@2; Red.' $2 50@3; Blackeye. $3 aOg
3 70; Limas. $4 23@4 50; Red Kidneys, $3 aO@4
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $3@3 15: Yellow
Mustrad, $3 25@3 50; Flax,' $2 C5@3 25: Canary,
3Vi@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from Utah, 8',4c
Rape, 1%@1%c; Hemp, 3V4c per lb. ' ■
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90@2; Green. $1 7a@
2 25- per ctL ~, r .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There was no change In Potatoes and Onions.
A car of Onions came in from Oregon. Re
ceipts of Potatoes are much lighter than were
a fortnight ago.
Vegetables are dull and featureless.
POTATOES— 70@$l for Burbanks from the
river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 60; Oregon
Burbanks, $1 25@1 45; River Reds. $1 35@1 50;
Sweets, 35@40c for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONIONS— $2@2 10 per ctl ; Oregons, $2@2 10.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los An;
geles, 6@7c; String Beans from Los Angeles. 5
@7c; Limas. 2@6c; Cabbage. 40@50c per ctl;
Tomatoes, 35@65c; Dried Peppers, 10@loc per
lb- Okra. 12V-@20c per lb; Carrots, 2o@3oc per
sack; Cucumbers, 33@75c: Pickles, 2%@3c per
lb for small and l@l%c for large; Garlic. lVg
2V>c; Green Peppers, 40@60c per box for Chill
arid 50@60c for Bell; Egg i'lant, 50@75c per box; |
Summer Squash from Los Angeles, ; Mar
rowfat Squash, I $8@10 per ton; Hubbard
Squash. $S@10; Mushrooms. 5@12%c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market as a rule is overstocked,
except young fowl, which Is meeting with a
good demand. Old and tbin Hens are slow, and
old Pigeons very weak. Arrivals of dressed
Turkeys were 49 cases.
Changes In Game were not noteworthy. Ar
riyals were 84 sk3.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16@19c: Live
Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers and 14@16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50® 1 75; Goslings.
$1 75® 2; Ducks. $3 50@4 for old and $4©5 for
young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young Roosters, $4@
4 50; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 50® 4;
Broilers, /$3 5fl@4 for large and $3@3 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves, per dozen. 75c; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard. $3@4; Canvasback. $2@3; Sprig. $1 75;
Teal, $1 50: Widgeon, $1 25; Small Ducks, $1 25;
Black Jacks, $1 25; English Snipe, $1 75; Jack
Snipe; $1 25; Gray Geese, $4; White Geese,
$1 25; Brant $1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers, $5.
* Butte?, Cheese and Eggs.
Dealers report stocks of Eggs accumulating
and rather look for a further decline in con
sequence. They are again making concessions
to effect .sales, though quotations ' are not
lower as yet.
Cheese is weak. 'Stocks are very large, be
ing 4S2.7CO pounds. The Exchange shaded Us
quotations for medium stock.
Butter, stands as before. Dealers report
fancy creameries steady enough, but the sec
ond and lower grades "are dragging and sell
ers are giving buyers concessions.
Receipts were 29,700 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 453 cases of Eggs,
SOO cases of Eastern Eggs, 5800. pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 23#24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy. 17%@20c; store
Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 21@22V4c;
Pickled Roll, 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12©12£c; old, 10%@U%c;
Young America, 13@13&c per lb; Eastern. 14
@16c. »
EGGS— Rjinch. 34:335c for selected large,
31@32%c tor good to choice and 30c for fair;
store, 25®27%c per dozen; cold storage, 20@
27&c; Eastern, 19@27%c. .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apples are offering freely again and the mar
ket is not as firm. Pears are in light supply
and fair demand.
Oranges continue In good supply and weak.
Arrival of 454 cases Mexican Limes.
There are not many Grapes coming In, and
those show the effects of rain. - Business in
these goods is dwindling down to nothing.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1 50@2 per box for extra, 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice and 35@63c for ordin
ary; Lady Apples, $1@2.
POMEGRANATES— $1 25 per box.
PEARS— Winter kinds. $1@2 per box.
QUINCES— 40@60c per box.
PERSIMMON S-30@50c per box.
STRAWBERRIES per chest for -Long
worths and $2@3 for large terries.
BLACKBERRIES— $5@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— *4@5 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— Eastern. $10@U per bar
rel; Coos Bay. $3 per box.
FIGS — Black, per box; white, .
GRAPES— Verdels. 65c@$l per box; Black, 40
@75c: Cornichons, 50@73c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 25
for standards, $1 50@l 75 for choice and $2 for
fancy; Seedlings, 75c@$l 25; Tangerines. $1®
1 25: Japanese Mandarins. $1@1 75; Lemons, Jl@
1 50 for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1@3 50; Mexican Limes, $3 50®
4; Bananas, $2@3 per bunch for New Orleans
and 50c@$l 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3® 4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The, latest thing In this market Is the tem
porary withdrawal of prices for loose and
seeded Raisins by the associations. The con
trol of stocks has lately been passing into
(strong hands, and an advance of from %c to
lc per pound is expected in the near future. It
is reported that the association is all sold out
of loose goods.
Prunes continue to lead tree fruits In firm
ness and activity, and are rapidly moving out
of first hands. Prices are very strong, but
not yet actually higher. Local dealers say
that general trade in Dried Fruits is now bet
ter than ever before known In December. Buy
ers seem to be making up for the recent stag
nation. ; . >• fiU <t»«4
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8@
13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples,- 7@S%c; sun-dried. 3^@4>6c;
Peaches. 5@7%c; Pears, 4@8c; Plums, pitted, 4Vi
@6c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 5@5%c for red
and 5%@6^c for white; Figs. 3@3^c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 5%@5%c; 40-50's, 4%@5c; 50-60's, 4»4@
4%c; 60-70' s, 3%@4c; 70-80' s. ( 3%@3%c; 80-90* s, 2%
@3c; 90-100's, 2Vi@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per M-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial $3; Dehesa, $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose Muscatels— Four-crown. ; three
crown, ; two-crown, ; Seedless Musca
tels, ; Seedless Sultanas. 5V4c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy. 8^4cr
choice. 7 Vic: standard. 6\ic; prime. 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's—
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6^0. Fancy seeded. ;
choice seeded, .
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@12%c;. Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9V4c; No. 2. 7V4c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell, 9@
10c for softshell and 6@"c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, B@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12®12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. U@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
Reports from Chicago said that the packers
were selling freely at unchanged prices.
This market shows no change, but the pack
ers report increasing stocks of barreled Beef
and Pork and Hams and Bacon, with a slack
ening demand. There is less -talk of an ad
vance in these latter goods, and the market
Is distinctly quieter.
CURED . MEATS— Bacon, ll%o per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14 Vic for sugar-cured:
Eastern ! sugar-cured Hams, 13c; California
Hams, 12»Ac: Mess Beef. $10010 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $11® 11 50; Family, $12@12 50; prime
Mess Pork, $15; extra clear, $22 50@23; Mess.
$18 50<g!19; Smoked Beef, 13%@14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half barrels, pure.
HV4c; 10-lb tins. 1154c; 5-lb tins, ll%c; 3-lb tins,
12c. ■ - ...
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9%c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 9Hc; Salted Veal. 9&c-
Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16%c; Culls, 14c-
Dry Kip. 15c; Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and Brands.'
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 13@30c each; short
"Wool. 40 /! 5;60c each; medium, 60@85c; long
Wool. S0c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt
$2 50@2 75 for large and $2@2 25 for me
dium, $175 for small and 50c for Colts- Horse
Hides, dry. $175 for large, $1 25@1 M for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins—Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb- No I
4%@5c; grease. 3c. "
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern de
fective, 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley fine
13@15c: do, medium and coarse, Il@l3c- Ore
gon. Eastern, choice, ll@13c; do, fair to' eood
9@llc; Nevada. 10@12c. ■ s "
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@8%c; San Joaquln
Lambs'. 7%@9c; Middle County. 8@u c - North
ern Mountain, free, 9® 10c; do, defective 8@9c
per lb.
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll@12c per lb for
good to choice. .
San Francisco Meat 'Market.
Prices for Hogs have again been shaded,- as
will be seen. Local packers say that there^
7rl now more Hogs on the market or ready
?o r come u^han fol several years: The other
to dealer,
a BEEV-6@7c S: for Steers and 5<36c per lb for
C °VEAL-Law 7',«!ftS%e: small. S©?c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©7%c: Ewes-. BViSTo
per " lb.' ' s
1^ 130 to 230' lb 9 . 5%c:
under 130 lbs. VA@oKc; sows. 20 per cent
off boars 30 per cent off and stags 40 Per cent
oft' from the abovs quotations; dressed Uoga,
(%@S%C. t • . '
General Merchandise :
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make. V>c less than Calcuttas: Wool Bass. 33
@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@Sc; Fruit Bags. 5%@
6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
COAL — Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $0; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $3 50; Wallsend. $S 50; Co-operative Walls
end, $S 50: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descrip
tions. $3 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton. ac
cording to brand. , ■ •■ .
. OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
65c: raw. 63c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 60c for
boiled and 5Sc for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c: cases, 90c;
China Nut, 53@72c per gallon: pure , Neatsfoot.
in barrels. 70c: casis. Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white, 40@4oc per gallon:
Fish Oil, barrels. 3?%c; cases. i2Y 2 c: Cocoanut
Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon ana 5S%c for
COAL^OIL— Water White Coa! Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c; Star.
20c Extra Star. 24c: Elaine, 25c: Eocene, 22c:
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; la
cases 2 Hie: Benzine, In bulk. 14c; in cases,
20%c;' 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in cases.
TURPENTINE— 5S!4c per gallon in cases and
52c in drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Piisrar Reflninjf Com-
Dany auotes. per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30c:
Powdered, 5.15c: Candy Granulated, 5.15c; Dry
Granulated. 5.05c; Confectioners' A. 5.05c: Fruit
Granulated. 5.03c; B*et Granulated (100-lb bags
only) 4.93c; Magnolia A. 4.63c: Extra C. 4.35c;
Golden C. 4.45c: D. 4.35c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels, 23c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb
baes 10c more. No orders taken for less than
73 barrels or its equivalent. Dominos. half
barrels. 5.35c; boxes. 5.80c per lb.
Receipts of Produce. ] I
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER «.
Flour, qr sks 11.632 Hay. tons S07
Wheat, ctls....... 17.660 Wool, sks 177
Barley ctls 2,710 Brandy, gala 3,900
Oats, ctls 470 Wine, gals 72,000
Tallow, ctls 2091 Leather, rolls.... 272
Sugar, ctls 4,10fliHJdes, No 55«
Belns. sks 299 Pelts, bdls 19«
Potatoes, sks 4,82S Quicksilver, flsks 49
Onions, sks.- 691 Raisins, bxs 8,850
Middlings, sks... 100 _- >■.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are cheaper under larger
supplies. There Is no change in Cheese.
Meats stand the same. Poultry is in good
supply at about last week's prices. Game
shows little variation from week to week.
The rains are finishing the summer frulta
and very soon there will be none left. Tha
summer vegetables, except those that regu
larly come through the winter from Los An
geles, are also giving out.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ @13 00 Southfleld
Wellington .. @11 oo Wellington I Oil 0*
Seattle © 9 00 Coos Bay.... © 7 OH
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, choice, sq.—@50J Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good 40rg;45 dozen 35&40
Packed, per lb... .25©-- Eastern Eggs — ®30
Cheese. Cal 15@17 Etoi-ey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern... 17@2u pound 15@:o
Cheese. Swiss 20@<" Do. extracted.... 8010
Common Eggs — @30.
Meats. 1>er pound—
Bacon USIS; Round Steak ....lCK?—
Beef, choice 12®!.". Sirloin Steak 12^—
Do, good 10@— Tenderloin do 15@—
Corned Beef 10<3S— Porterhousa do..l"v f ii2 r »
Ham 15@17; Smoked Beef 17(320
Lard — @15 Pork, salt lO012Vfc
Mutton 8@10 Pork Chops ...... — @l3
Lamb 10@12 Pork Sausages. .12^^15
Pork, fresh 15@— IVeal 123—
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50S73 Hare, each —C29
Youns Roosters, English Snipe, per
each SO&Ti dozen 33 00<»— .
Old Roosters, ea..50®65 Jack Snipe. ..$1 75^—
fryers, each 50@S5 Mallard, pair.$l 0O@l 25
3rollers. each — ®50 ; Canvasback,
Turkeys, per lb...lS@23> per pair $1 C0@l 50
Ducks, each 75c@$l Sprig, per pair...50©75
Seese, each...$l o0@l 7a Teal, per pair 50#60
Pigeons, pair*. . .40*3350 Widgeon, pr pair.50®
Squabs, per pair..— @50 : Small Duck. pair.33<S4O
Doves, per doz..— <B1 2d Wild Geese. pr.73c@$l 0O
Itabbits. each ....15@2C] 3rant. each 25@33
Frulta and Nuts—
Alligator Pears. Limes, do* ..— dllfl
each 23^50 Logan Berries, per
Almonds ....'. 15@20 drawer *«_
Apples — r§L5 Lemons, dox WXZjiSl
Pecans ~zM"° Pe a", lb 8@12\4
Brazil Nuta 20@- Pineapples. each.3<XS5a
Bananas, doz — lo@.^ Pomegranates, dz.40®5'»
Blackberries, dwr— @(o Persimmons, doz — ©29
Cranberries, qt....— ®15 Cuinces. per lb... &5 j
Cocoanuts. each...— @ 10 Raisins, per lb... 5©tl
Chestnuts, per lb.lo©20 Raspberries. dwr.40®7»
Figs, per Id.......— ®2o Strawberries, per
Grapes, per lb...8@li^s drawer 30SW0
Grape Fruit, doz...$l 6U Walnuts, per lb...—^15
Vegetables— *
'Artichokes. doz..75c@$l Leeks, doz behs 15924
Beets, doa VX&— Okra. dried, lb — 044
Beans, white, lb.. 6®— Green Peppers, lb &3 S
Colored, per lb.. 6&~ Potatoes, per lb.. I© 2*4
Dried Una, lb.. 6® s Sweet Potatoes, lbla 4
Green Lima. lb. 8@J0 Parsnips, pr doz.. 100—
Cabbage, each.... 5@— Radishes, dz bchs.l5@20
Celery, heac 5@— Sage, doz bnchs..2S@3O
Cress, doz bnchs..20<@30 String Beans, lb. 10® 12%.
Cucumbers, doz.. .15020 Summer Squash,
Ess Plant. U>..-12}4©15 per pound $318
Garlic *® * Sprouts, per lb.... «& 8
Green Peas. lb....-Hg!10 Spinach, per lb... 5&—
Lettuce, per doz. .15@20 Thyme, doz bens. 25 gM
Mushrooms, pr lb.l5@30 Turnips, per dos..lO@—
Onions, per lb...2%@3% Tomatoes* per lb.. 6® I
Fish-
Carp — ( 8> 8 Sea Bass -#-.
Catfish 10(9— Smelts XZVt&lS
Codfish 12@1j Soles 8tfl0
Flounders — @10 Skates, each 8@1D
Halibut 12%@15 Squid „ — @—
Herring 8@ — Tomcod ...ViVjQIS
Mackerel 15<&- Turbot 15-glS
Do. horse .......10@ — Trout 20@35
Perch ..... .. — . S®10 Brook Trout — @Ii
Pomplno ....40@50 Whlteflah 10©—
Rockcod 12Vi©15 Clams, gallon 500—
Kockflsh 1001214 Do. hardshell, lb Sf 19
Salmon, fresh.. -12Va@15 Crawfish 8(310
Do. smoked-.... -.15@25 Crabs, each ..:.13tt&l3
Sardines 10©— Mussels, quart....— & t
Shrimps — @10 Oysters. Cal. 10O..4O@Sa
Shed ......10<S>— Do. Eastern, dz.25^44
Striped Bass 12%@li
STOCK MARKET.
As was expected the publication of the pro
posed entrance Into the light and power field
of the California Gas and Electric Company
with a capitalization of $30,000,000 affected the
stock of the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company, and on the morning session of th«
Bond Exchange the quotation dropped from
$43 37% to $41 50. subsequently recovering to
$42 50, with' fairly active sales. There were no
other fluctuations worthy of comment. Bank
of California stock sold at $412.
The only new feature in oil stocks was »
partial recovery in Hanford. which sold down
to $S9 on Thursday, to $31 bid. Rumors of a
possible suspension of the dividends, although
unconfirmed, led to the break in this stock.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric recovered
to $42 75@43 12%. Market Street Railroad was
higher at $33 50 and Alaska Packers' at $156.
Paauhau Sugar was lower at $10 25. Hanford
Oil was stronger again at $33. seller 90.
STOCK A2TD BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Dec. 6— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.. Bld.AsS,
4s quar eoup..ll2%113 Us qr cp (new).13»vil4O
4s quar reg. ...111^112 |3s quar coup..!08^ — |
, MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 107% — (Oceanic S3 5s.lO4 105
CaUst 5s 118 — I Omnibus C 6S.129V4135 '
C C Water as.lll — Pac Q Imp 4a. 94 97V4
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk&CH 63.. — 112
Fer & Cl H 68.120',* — Pk & O R 6s.. 121 - '
Geary-st 5s ... - 100 ' Powll-st R 6s.USv412O
H C & s 5Hs. - - iSac E G R 5s. 95 s —
. D»5s 99% — f 8 F & SJV 53.123^124-
Log Ang R 58.118 120 Sierra Cal «»..— —
L A Light 6s..l01ii — s p of Ariz «s
Do gntd 8s. .100 — I (1909) 11314 — "
Do gntd 5s.. 103 103% (1910) 114 —
£.% P 5s.. ..102%- S P of Cal 5s
Do lem 5s. 101 lOa dOflo). Ser A.107%10S%
! Mkt-st Cab 6s.l27?4 — (1905). Ser B.IOO lODi*
1 xr^? \ C^ m 5s.l22%123V t (1906) 110 111'/*
N R of Cal 6s.ll2%1127a (1912) ...119% —
bo Sa ........ 121 \;122 S P of Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 5s.lO7* - c gntd 5s.... 100 — .
Nor Cal R 5s. - - S P Br Cal 6s.l35^ —
Oak Gas 53....112H - S V Water SaAU'l —
Oak Trans 6s.. - 126 Do 4s ..102Vi —
•Do 1st c 5s..limm Do 4s 3d m..l0O 101
Oak Wat g 5S.104141C5 (stktn Gas te..lO2% —
WATER STOCKS.
c , ont , ra Cwrta.- 78 .76^ I Port Costa .... 63% 86
Martn County; 53 - tsprinj Valley. - W
Continued on Page Thirteen.,CLAIMS JEALOUS
RIVAL SHOT HIM
Ballets Penetrate Door,
Wounding Frederick
Rippich.
He Accuses Max Klaus of the
Crime and Tells Story of
an Amour. •.
Frederick Rippich, an employe in the
engineering department of the Govern
ment works at the Presidio, was shot
twice last night at a lodging-house at
Nineteenth avenue and California street
He was standing behind a door when the
EVhs were fired. One shot struck him in
ike face and lodged in his neck. The other
penetrated his left arm and passing into
his breast is supposed to have "entered
h:s lung.
The injured man believes he was shot
by Max Klaus, who he eays is a jealous
]>n w e dId , not se e the man who shot
i'.m He claims to have seen Klaus
*"£*" ,* :n ll L e evenl n& in the vicinity of
the loagmg-house.
According to Rippich he and Klaus re
side in a rooming house kept by a Mrs.
a^^i** *' Sdow - at Nineteenth avenue
and California street. Both Rippich and
Klaus tried to win the affections of their
landlady, and. in consequence, were jeal
ous of each other.
Yesterday morning Rippich says that
r.e and the landlady quarreled, ar.d
as a result she told him to remove his be
longings from her house. He did so but
returned later in the day and succeeded
in patching up a truce with Mrs. Perjoux.
A short time later he was shot. Ripij;eh
was removed to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where it was found that his
wounds are very serious and the physi
cians fear they may prove fatal. Klaus,
so far as is known, has no regular occu
pation. He was formerly a cook on thA
.Pomona. Both men are about 43 years
<g age while the widow." whose charms
Kippicn says caused the shooting, is a few
years their junior.
THSEE-YEAE-OLD GIRL
POISONED WITH, MATCHES
She Drinks the Water in Which She
*Y Eed Soaked the Chemicals and
Expires.
Hazel Serpa.' the 3-year-old daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Serpa of 742 Ellis street,
died at 6 o'clock yesterday morning, pre
sumably from the effects of phosphorous
poisoning. Her mother went into the
kitchen last Thursday evening at 8
o'clock and saw the little girl playing
•with a handful of matches, a basin of
water and a epoon. The child had taken
the matches out of a drawer of the
kitchen table, had soaked them In the
water and was drinking the water with
a spoon. The child began to vomit and
Dr. JCewtcn was sent for and adminis
tered the usual antidotes, but the phos
phorus had already taken effect and he
was unable to save the life of the na
tient. "
Coroner Leland allowed the body to re
main at the home of the parents and will
hold an inquest.
November's Immigrants.
Statistician Richard Eccleston of the
Immigrant Bureau at this port reports
arrivals durirg the month of November
as follows: Total immigrants arrived
442, of whic'.. SS were females. In addi
tion there were 203 foreign tourists and
visitors. Of the 442 immigrants 170 were
English. 103 Japanese, 53 Mexicans. IS
Spanish-Americans, 14 Germans. 12 Scac-
t -mavians, 12 Italians, 9 Welsh. 8 Scotch S
furks, S Austrians, 7 Pacific islanders
and 6 Irish. The occupations are: Mari
ners. 147; merchants, 22; miners. 22; farm
ers, 12: laborers, S: carpenters, 7; barbers,
C; engineers. <; servants. 4; bakers, 3;
physician*, t: actors, 2; miscellaneous, not
stated, la; no occupations, including wo
men and children, 120.
Simmminio Is Identified.
Vittorio Sirnmlnio, the man who gave
Lieutenant Price and his men from the
Seventeenth-street police station a fight
for their lives at a house in Sutro's forest
a few nights ago, was identified yesterday
by G. MaritinL He is the man who dis
charged his pistol, a few nights ago, at a
conductor on a Haight-street car. Since
that time he has been wandering about
Suu-o Heights. He made an attack yes
terday on Steward Adolph Kahn of the
hospital, where he is confined pending an
examination by the Commissioners on In
sanity. His countrymen say he has been
out cf his mind for some time. He will
be examined to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT CAUSES DEAFNESS.
] 2 he Principal Cause Is Curable but
Generally Overlooked.
.„* Many things may cause deafness, and
r Very often it is difficult to trace a cause.
people inherit deafness. Acute dls-
I eases like scarlet fever sometimes cause
deafness. But by far the most common
cause of loss of hearing is catarrh of the
head and throat.
A prominent specialist on ear troubles
gives as his opinion that nine out of ten
cases of deafness are traced to throat
trouble; this is probably overstated, but
it is certainly true that more than half cf
all cases of poor hearing were caused by
catarrh.
The catarrhal secretion in the nose and
•idjroat finds its way Into the eustaciii.-m
if.e and by clogging it up very soon *f-
ffcts the hearing and the hardening of
tne secretion makes the loss of hearing
permanent, uniess the catarrh whica
■m caused the trouble is cured.
Those who are hard of hearing may
think this a little far fetched, but any
I one at all observant must have notictd
how a hard cold in the head will affect
the hearing and that catarrh If long .ne-
glected will certainly impair the sense cf
hearing and ultimately cause deafness.
If the nose and throat are kept clear
and free from the unhealthy secretions of
catarrh, the hearing will at once greatly
improve and anyone suffering from deaf-
ness and catarrh can satisfy themselves
on this point by using a fifty-cent box of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a new catarrh
cure, which in the past year has won tlis
approval of thousands of catarrh suffer-
ers, as well as • physicians, because it is
in convenient form to use, contains no
cocaine or opiate and Is as safe and picas ••
ent for children as for their elders.
Stuart's Catarrh . Tablets is a whole-
tome combination of Blood Root, Guala-
col, Kucalyptol and similar antiseptics,
and they c'ure catarrh and catarrhal deaf-
ness by action upon the blood and
mucous membrane of the nose and throat.
As one physician aptly expresses it:
"You do not have to draw upon the im.ig-
Ir.ation to discover whether you are get-
benefit frcm Stuart's Catarrh T«ib-
}*2f; improvement and relief . are appar-
«tj from the first tablet taken."
Ail druggists sell and recommend them.
They cost but fifty cents for full sizc«d
package and any catarrh sufferer who
has wasted time and money on sprays,
1 calves and powders, will appreciate to the
full the merit of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
let*.
BOARD PUNISHES
SALOONKEEPERS
Men Who Kept Open on
Election Day Must
CJose for Week.
Commission Refuses to Ap
point Specials to Protect
Boycotters.
The Board of Police Commissioners took
steps at Its meeting last night to punish
a number of saloon-keepers who failed
to obey the ordinance commanding them
not to sell liquor on election day. Several
saloon-keepers who applied for a renewal
of their licenses were ordered to keep
their places closed for one week as a pun
ishment for having sold liquor on election
day.
The police kept account of the saloons
that <Jisobeyed the ordinance and as fast
as their licenses expire and they apply
for new ones they will be made to close
up for one week before their licenses will
be renewed.
The Rev. Father T. Caraher, rector of
St. Francis Church, 620 Vallejo street,
si-nt the following communication to the
commission:
To the Hon. Board of Police Commissioners,
Hall of Justice — Gentlemen: While I was ab
sent from the city a considerable number of
fallen women were removed from their former
haunts ar.d transferred to the vicinity of the
church of which I have charge. Their revolt
ing dens, as you know, are located on Dupont
ttreet and Broadway. I now ask you gentle
men to effect the removal of these women im
mediately and thus enforce the municipal
ordinance and the State statute on the sub
ject. The said ordinance and statute are now
being violated. I have already sent a similar
communication to Chief Wittman.
After a consultation among the mem
bers of the board, during which Com
missioner Wallace asked the question,
"Where are you going to put them?" tha
hoard instructed Chief of Police Wittman
to close up the dens and see that the wo
men moved elsewhere.
Jack Stelzner, the M-ell known local
heavy-weight boxer, was elected to tne
position of regular officer on the fores.
Mr. Stelzner has retired permanently
from the ring. Andrew J. Riley and Rob
ert Curtain were also elected members of
the police force.
Nicholas Barry, an officer attached to
Captain Spillane's .division, was found
guilty of neglect of duty and was given a
reprimand and fined $100. ,Barry was one
of the officers who spent several hours in
the "White Star Laundry on Eighth street
on the night of November 19.
Secretary Bert Cadwalder was Instruct
ed to notify the Civil Service Commission
to prepare examinations for every rank
of the Police Department in order that
the vacancies now existing in the depart
ment may be filled.
The request of the Bakers' and Confec
tioners' Union for the appointment of two
special officers to protect men engaged in
boycotting two local restaurants was de
nied. Chief of Police Wittman was in
structed to see that the regular officers on
the beat protected the men.
GEORGE DAVIS SATS TWO
FOOTPADS ROBBED HIM
George Davis, clerk, residing at 865^
Market street, reported to the police last
night that he had been held up by two
footpads at the corner of Powell and Sac
ramento streets shortly after midnight
and robbed of a gold watch and $10.
Davis said one of the robbers was a tall
man with a dark mustache. He could
not give a description of the other foot
pad, as the latter held him around the
neck from behind while the tall robber re
lieved him of his valuables.
Lieutenant Birdsall detailed an officer
t j investigate the case. Davis is confident
he can Identify the tall footpad if he is
captured, as he says he has seen him be
fore. - •
Mrs. Deffer Finds a Home.
Mrs. Louisa Deffer, who was taken to
the City Prison Thursday with her babe
as she was homeless and friendless, found
friends yesterday. Mrs. Lydia A. Pres
ent of the Children's Protective Associa
tion called upon her at the prison yester
day morning and later in the day took
her and her babe to Oakland and placed
them in the care of a Christian family.
She also received a check on the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank, from George Meyerllng,
the optician, for $25, and two ladies who
visited her gave her $5 and $2 respectively.
Wants Her Jewelry Back.
. Sue To, a slave girl who was rescued
and taken to the Methodist Mission, 912
Washington street, secured a search war
rant from Judge Fritz yesterday to re
cover from Quong Ong Chong, 23 Waver
ley place, Jewelry and clothing valued at
$56. Policeman Gardiner executed the
warrant and made a return that he had
been unable to find the property. Sue
To immediately swore to a complaint
charging Wong Pock Sung, her former
owner, with felony embezzlement.
"Woman Falls to Her Death.
Mrs. E. Black met with a fatal accident
yesterday at her residence, 132 Langton
street. The woman undertook to raise a
window and in so doing gave the sash a
sudden lurch. She lost her balance and
fell a distance of forty feet Into the back
yard. Dr. Thrasher was summoned, and
finding that the woman's, injuries were
serious had the ambulance called. She was
removed to the General Emergency Hos
pital, where she died an hour later, from
a fracture of the skull.
Gaelic League Concert.
The "Feis Cevil" to be given by the
Gaelic League Is exciting considerable
interest among the local admirers of the
Gaelic language. At the meeting of the
St. Charles Gaelic School, held last
Wednesday night, the committee having
the arrangements for the affair In charge
reported that it was progressing with the
work. The Rev. Father E. M. Looney
presented the report. .
Funeral of Frederick K. Truett.
The funeral of the late Frederick K.
Truett, manager of the Associated Press
at Los Angeles, will take place in this
city to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock
from an undertaking establishment on
Mint avenue. Interment will be in Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Truett died at Los An
geles last Wednesday after a protracted
Illness.
Dimmick's Nemesis Here.
William J. Burns, United States secret
service agent, has returned from Phila
delphia to attend the next trial of Walter
N. Dimmlck, ex-chief clerk of the Mint,
on an expected Indictment for the lar
ceny of $30,000 from the Mint. The Mint
matter will be brought before the Fed
eral grand Jury next week.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions In insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: R. O. Morgan, railroad engi
neer, Oakland, liabilities, $775 55; assets.
$84 Dr. F. H. Sanborn, physician. Fort
Bragg, liabilities, $334 45; assets, $3<J2,
debts due on open account. - , •:•;**
Price of Lead Is Fixed.
SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 6.— A special
to the Tribune from New York says t.iat
the representatives of the lead producers
of the United States and the American
Smelting and Refining Company reached
an agreement as to the price of lead, to
govern future contracts. The price fixed
is said to be three and one-half cents a
pound, a reduction of half a cent from
present prices.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Christian Madsen,
aged 29. Dublin, Alameda County, and
Mary Pullen. 38, Oakland; Henry M. Tur
ner, 31. and Mary E. Enbury, 24, both of
Berkeles'; James F. Conley,. 22, and Alma
E. Anderson, 22, both of Berkeley.
THE SA N ! -FRANCISCO CALL, SATURD A.Y, DECEMBER 7, 1901.
DELIGHTFUL DANCE IS GIVEN
BY FRIDAY FORTNIGHTLY CLUB
Debutantes and Many Belles and Beaux Throng Cotillon
Hall and Have a Merry Time.
eOTILLON HALL, presented a
brilliant appearance last evening,
on the occasion of the second
meeting of the Friday Fort-
nightly Club. The exclusive set
turned out in force. The hall was pret
tily decorated, and what with the hand
some costumes of the fair belles and the
brilliant uniforms of the Son3 of Mars
the effect was striking.
The german was led by Captain 'and
Mrs. William Renwick Smedberg Jr.
Those who danced in the first set were:
Miss Margaret Salisbury, Miss Pearl
Landers, Miss Elsie Patterson, Miss
Grace Spreckels, Miss Foster, Miss Col
lier, Miss Kittle, Miss Norma Preston.
Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss Olga Meyer,
Miss Sara Collier, Miss Sophie Pierce,
Miss Gladys Merril, Miss Nuttall. Miss
Catherine Robinson, Miss Azalea Keyes
and Miss Lucie Kins.
The patronesses were: Mrs. William
Stewart, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Cy
rus Walker, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury. Mrs.
Carter Pitkin Pomeroy, Mrs. Ira Pierce
and Mrs. C. B. Brigham.
A charming affair was given in Cotil
lon Hall last Tuesday evening by the As
sociated Assembly Club. This organiza
tion is composed of members of the dif
ferent cotillon clubs in this city and vi
cinity. The committee in charge of the
affair was composed of Sanford O. Le
wald, Philip C. Heuer and Philip J. Eisen
mann. Among those present were: ,
- G. M. Coleman, Daisy Hugging, Kate Rals
ton. Ina Collins, Edna Richmond, Florence Mc-
Coy, Mabel Rogers. P. Ryder, Elsie Robertson.
Elsie Preston. Bessie Meserole,- Rose Gellinas.
Virginia Potter, Louisa Lanzendorf," Emnri
Becker,. G. Sanborne, _E_ Baker, . L. Ferrari,
Viola Kleineberg, Lillian Eastwood, Bruce
Large, Charles lloraghan. Otto F. Schiller, M.
A. Bridges, J. A. Keller, Wallace E. Crowell.
Robert G. Yates, Fred Burgess, R. Gallindo,
Roy White. Percy Hammond. J. C. Crooks. D.
Meserole, Wesley Clatvson, E. W. Gordon, - M.
V. Politeo. Harvey Johnson. Dr. H. E. Gates,
M. D. Lions, F. L.Hall, Misses Lillian Perry,
E. Stadfeld. G. Bruce. M. . Marlnlvlch. Maud
Marlowe. Alice Fay, Edna Maye. Florence
Smith. Helen La Plant, Daia*- Flowers, Belle
Herzer, Georgie McPherson, Maud May, Al
vlna Eisenman, T)oris Heuer, Gladys Dalzelle,
Gertrude Drady, Edna Dudley, Lillian Lubben,
Helen d'Arville, Louise Lancaster, Ella Van
Kapf, Messrs. B. Perry. Hugo Pohelm. 55.
Howard. G. Wallace Scott, Charles Relchert.
Dr. E. Keeffe, Dr. William Ellis. Charles E.
McKlnnie, Lieutenant Seymour, Lieutenant Le
Blanc, Phil Heuer, Phil Eisenman, Sanford G
Lewald, A. Sutter, C. P. Huff, Acton Havens,
Percy Windham, Charles Trull, Victor La
Motte. J. L. Martin. H. Keller. L. Ferrari.
The residence of Mrs. William F. Her
rin, corner Broadway and Scott street,
was thronged yesterday with friends in
vited to attend the luncheon given in
honor of Mrs. William M. Stewart of Ne
vada. The dining-room was decorated in
red and the effect was quite pretty.
Among the ladies who met the guest of
honor were Mrs. Davenport, Mrs. Van
Clief, Mrs. S. W. Holladay, Mrs. A. H.
Voorhies, Mrs, P. B. Cornwall, Mrs. Wil
liam H. Mills, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury,
Mrs. W. M. McCann, Mrs. Chauncey Tay
lor, Mrs. John Garber, Mrs. Horace Hill,
Mrs. John Hays, Miss Maud Taylor.
It was announced during the afternoon
that Miss Katherine Herrin, the charming
daughter of the hostess, would make her
debut at a matinee tea to be given De
cember 21. between the hours of 4 and 7
o'clock.
* • .*
The ladies of the Dresden Ceramic Club
will hold their sixth annual exhibition
and sale of decorated china in the banquet
hall on the parlor floor of the California
Hotel on Wednesday and Thursday aft
ernoons and evenings, December 11 and
12. The officers of the club are: Mrs. C.
S. Packard president, Mrs. P. Gallagher
CRUSADE AGAINST MEDICOS
WHO PRACTICE ILLEGALLY
Warrants for the Arrest of Nine Men
Are Obtained From Judge
Cabaniss.
The State Board of Medical Examiners
has commenced the crusade against men
who are practicing medicine who are not
duly registered practitioners, and yester
day nine complaints were sworn to be
fore Judge Cabanise. The complaining
witness in each case is F. Higuera, 798 Jef
ferson street. Oakland.
The names of the defendants are R. S.
Macbeth, H. M. Park,' J. H. Josselyn,
Wong Woo, Wong Hun, Chuck Sal, Ng
Toy Kee, Tom She Bin and Tong Po Chy.
They are all accused of practicing medicine
without having a certificate as required
by law. The witness, who was treated by
each of the defendants, is named in the
complaint as James Winchester. The
statute provides that one-half of the fines
will be applied for educational purposes
in the city and the other half goes to the
informer.
Desire Help of Merchants.
At a meeting of the council of the As
sociated Charities held yesterday after
noon plans for co-operation with the
Merchants' Association in the dispensa
tion of charity were discussed. By secur
ing the co-operation of this body of in
fluential merchants the council hopes. to
greatly extend its work. The general sec
retary, Miss Virginia Fitch, and the reg
istrar, Miss Felton, were Instructed to
make arrangements for holding' the reg
ular annual meeting. The council has
secured a new office at G06 Montgomery
street and will soon take possession of It.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 6.
US transport Sheridan, Pierce, 51 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 17 days S hours.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Akren. 20 days from
Comcx, B C.
Bktn John Smith, Wick, 15 days from Port
Blakeley. .
Schr Maid of Orleans, Morris, 27 days from
Grays Harbor.
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Maid of Orleans— Nov 15, Iat.47 N,
Ion 127 W, carried away deck lashings and lest
about ,4000 feet lumber .'n SE gale.- Nov 22 car
ried away main boom In SE ga*e.
Per.bktn John Smith— Dec 3, off Trinidad
Head, . in -strong SW Kale, lost two boats and
about 2000 feet lumber. ■
vice president, Mrs. Bertha Colter treas
urer and Miss Gertrude Louis -Brown sec
retary.
* • • •
• A tea was given yesterday afternoon by
Miss Clara Underbill at her residence, 1926
Pine street. Those who assisted the charm-
Ing young hostess were: Mrs. H. B. Un
derhill Jr., Miss Emma Poulterer Brown,
Miss Laura Taylor, Miss Alice Wilkins,
Miss Georgie Spleker, Miss Stella Fort
mann. Miss Kate Sandman, Miss Lillian
Sandman, Miss Ruby Sessions and Miss
Eleanor Eckart.
Mrs. I. Lowenberg has ■■ Issued invita
tions for a breakfast to be given the mem
bers of the Philomath Club at the Palaco
Hotel December 17, to which the mem
bers of the Laurel Hall and representa
tives of other clubs have been invited.
The Maple Room of the Palace Hotel
was again crowded last evening. The in
ternational doll show has interested so
ciety and its members are liberally patro
nizing the affair. Miss Helen. Heath, Miss
Lulu Feldheim and Frederick. Mauret fur
nished the musical entertainment. Visit
ors from nearby cities were present in
large numbers during the day.
The various tables have sold many arti
cles of wearing ■ apparel and delicacies.
The money derived will go to the Protest
ant Episcopal. Old Ladles' Home.. -\
The young ladies of the Alden Club, In
ternational Sunshine Society, will dis
pose of scrapbooks* at the show this aft
ernoon. The money obtained ■ will . be
voted in -the doll contest. Mrs. Mary C.
Davis, president of tne' Golden Gate In
ternational Sunshine Society, will also
have a table at the doll show to-day and
dispose of booklets and trinkets/ The pa
tronesses have decided to hold the exhi
bition open this evening.
There will be a promenade concert in
Pioneer Hall next Tuesday evening in
honor of- the first anniversary of the or
ganization of the Society of the Daugh
ters of California Pioneers. A cordial in
vitation has been extended to the Society
of Pioneers and also to the Association of
MOLE'S MURDER MAY NOT
BE FIXED ON DOLAN
Hugh B. B. Chapman, the Principal
Witness, Goes Back on the
Prosecution. i
The preliminary examination of John M.
Dolan on the charge of murdering Albert
A. Mole In front of 239 O'Farrell street on
the morning of November 22 was con
cluded before Judge Conlan yesterday. At-'
torney Bert Schlesinger, on behalf. of the
defendant, made a motion to dismiss the
case, but the Judge decided to reserve his
judgment till Monday. ' . ,
The testimony given by Hugh B. B.
Chapman, the murdered man's friend; who
swore to the complaint, was entirely dif
ferent from that given by him at the Cor
oner's Inquest. There he testified that
there was a fight between Dolan and Mole
and that he saw Mole fall to the ground
and Dolan run away. He made the same
statement to Detectve T. B. Gibson. Yes
terday he said he saw no fight, but that
Dolan dashed across the street as Mole
fell. ■ -. : . . ~
The other witnesses examined were
Clara Wallace, who lived with Dolan; H.
C. Hudson, Dolan's partner; and Detec
tives Hamlll and Gibson. Their evidence
was not material, however. Gibson de
tailed the conversation he had with Chap
man when the latter stated that Dolan
and Mole had a fight and as Mole fell Do
lan dashed acroBs the street.- As it was
only hearsay it was stricken out of the
record. "
News in Army Circles.
• For the: first time in four years the
local organizations of heavy artillery will
be given target practice with the defense
guns at the harbor entrance during the
month of January. . The Fifteenth Cav
alry and several hundred casuals will sail
on the Hancock' for the Philippines De
cember 16. Contract Gurgeon C. W. Thorp
has been assigned to the. Presidio general
hospital and Contract Surgeon T. Z. Ball
is detailed with the troops on Angel Isl
and. ■ ■;> ; :^: . : .
Subscribe for The Daily, Call for a
period of six months and you will be
entitled to receive a. copy of Cram's
Superior Atlas'of the World, edition
cf 1901; at the premium rate of
$1 50. ';.; - ;
SOCIETY WOMEN WHO ARE
PROMINENTLY IDENTIFIED
WITH THE DOLL SHO^vY
Pioneer Women. The affair promises to
be a. social event. Mrs. M. V. H. Gurnet t
is president of the society and Miss G. E.
de Forest secretary.
The Native Sons of Vermont gave their
monthly entertainment and social last
evening In Odd Fellows* Hall. The Im
perial Lady Minstrels, an organization
composed of clever young ladles of this
city, furnished the entertainment. The
songs' and witticisms were greatly en-
Joyed by the crowd that filled the hall.
Mrs. Ed Burns was interlocutor. Miss
Alice Caswell and Misa May Jordan
handled the bones, and Miss May Malone
and Miss Annie Ragatt played the tani
bos. The soloists were: Miss Alice Leahy,
Miss May Malone, Miss Ruth Burns; M'ms
Alice Caswell. Miss Ragatt, Miss Bessie
Burns Miss Margaret Burns and MIS3
Margaret Wheeler. ;
Mr. and Mrs. August Koe£»eke will
celebrate their silver wedding at th»:ir
home, 2608 Greenwich street, this evening.
Mrs. Martin Spellman, 326 Eureka
street yesterday received a cable from
Manila informing her of the marriage of
her daughter, Anita, to Frank J. Perrlne,
Superintendent of Customs at Manila.
The ceremony was performed by Rev.
Father .McKlnnon, formerly chaplain of
the First California regiment. The youn«?
couple are well known In San Francisco.
ONE COUPLE FIGURES .
* IN THREE DIVORCE SUITS
Twice Separate and Then Remarry,
and Now Wife Files Another j
Action.'
PENDLETON, Or., Dec. 6.— Thrice mar
ried to the same man and thrice divorced
from him, all in five, years, will be the
strange record of Mary E. Gillette, if her
application filed; In the Pendleton courts
to-day be successful.
Mrs. Gillette is a comely woman of 35.
Eighteen years ago she married Melviera
Gillette near Pilot Rock, Or. . For thir
teen years they quarreled and separated
and lived .together alternately,' always
making mutual accusations of unfaithful
ness. Both had intensely jealous natures.
Finally Mrs. Gillette sued for a divorce
and got it. In eighteen, months they were
remarried and in another year and a half
Gillette applied for and was granted a
legal separation. This time they re
mained apart a year, remarrying In 1900
In Pendleton. . ■ . ■
Mr. Gillette, wanted to sell their prop
erty. Mrs. Gillette did not. Now she
sues for the third divorce. - . .
ALABAMANS MAY . LYNCH
TWENTY-FIVE NEGBOES
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Dec. ,6.— Sheriff
Bradshaw of Covlngton County this after
noon wired Governor Jenks that he. had
positive information that a mob would at
tack the jail at Andalusia to-night for the
purpose of lynching the twenty-five ne
groes implicated In .the * killing of the
Town Marshal and a merchant of Opp.
The Sheriff requested that soldiers be
sent to Andalusia without delay. The
Goverrior immediately ordered the mili
tary company, at Greenville to proceed by
train to Andalusia, and arranged with the
railroad company for a special train. Cap
tain Gamble . of the Greenville company
replied in twenty, minutes that his com
pany would leave for Andalusia at 5
o'clock this afternoon. The distance from
Greenville to Andalusia Is about sixty
miles; * / -. '■--■.. .*-■■ \
Up to a late hour to-night the mob had
not made an appearance. The troops are
on guard and knowledge of this fact may
prevent an attack. News has just- been
received here that yesterday morning a
negro ; committed suicide near. Opp. ~He
was being pursued by a posse with blood
hounds, : and seeing • that escape was Im
possible the black shot himself.
OIL COMPANIES
IN A COMBINE
Consolidation of Large
Firms Announced in
• Texas.
Capital Amounting to Many
Millions Involved in
a Deal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Dec. 6.— T. B. Long, an
oil producer of Beaumont, who is also
extensively interested In the Pennsyl
vania oil fields, was here to-day, and is
authority for the statement that the J.
M. Guffey Petroleum Company, an Eng
lish corporation which has for many
years been a strong competitor of the
Standard Oil Company in the oil trade of
Europe and Asia, was combined with the
Shell Transportation and Trading Com
pany. Long says that it the opinion
among oil men that it is more of a con
solidation of the interests of the two
companies than an outright purchase.
The J. M. Guffey Petroleum Company
has a capital stock of $30,000,000 and the
capital of the Shell Transportation and
Trading Company is $10,000,000. A few
months ago the J. M. Guffey Petroleum
Company entered Into a contract ■with the
Shell Transportation and Trading Com
pany for the transportation and sale of
its oil in European and Asiatic countries
and a number of vessels of the Shell
Transportation and Trading Company
have already -taken cargoes of Beaumont
oil to foreign markets. '.
Among the incorporators of the J. M.
Guffey Company are Colonel J. M. Guffey,
John H. Gafey and H. C. Frick, of Pitts
burg, Pa. It owns a number of produc
ing- wells and other -very valuable prop
erty in the Beaumont oil fields.
UNDEB SHEBIPF BETTJBNING ,
WITH HAYES ALEXANDER
Han Wanted in Ventura County
"Waives Extradition From Ari
zona Territory.
PHOENI?, Ariz., Dec. 6.— Under Sheriff
Snodgrass of Ventura, Cal., left here to
night with Hayes Alexander, wanted
there for a variety of crimes. Alexander
consented to go without extradition pa
pers, knowing he would eventually have
to go anyway.
Alexander's alleged criminal record Is
a long one for a man of his age. This
is not the first time Snodgrass has trav
eled with him. "When Alexander was 13
years old the officer took Wm to the re
form school at Whittier. He had beec
convicted of larceny. Soon after his re
turn to Ventura he committed a forgery
and was convicted and sentenced to three
years in San Quentln. Snodgrass accom
panied him on that journey. After doing
time Alexander left California and came
to Arizona. Nearly two years ago he
committed a larceny in this county and
disappeared. He ■went back to Ventura
and two months ago committed a series
of crimes, beginning •with the robbery of
a friend of property valued at $100. He
also raised money by means of three
forged checks. The Ventura authorities
suspected that he would return to this
county, as his mother and two brothers
had removed hither some time before.
Local officers -were notified and Alexander
was arrested last week under the name
of H. H. Martin.
SWEAKS THAT COBONADO
CONFESSED THE MTJBDER
Mrs. Adelina Patron Gives Sensa
sational Testimony in the San
Jose Trial.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 6.— Sensations are de
veloping in the second trial of Nolberto
Coronado, now, in progress before Judge
Lorigan, for the murder of Frank Norona
at Guadalupe on July 26. Mrs. Adelina
Patron, who has been housekeeper for
Nicholas Coronado, the brother of the de
fendant, swore to-day that Coronado had
confessed the murder to her. She testi
fied that a few days after the crime she,
in company with the wife of the accused,
visited Coronado In the jail. In the pres
ence of Mrs. Coronado she asked the pris
oner: .
"Why did you do It?"
To this Coronado replied, "I did It to
accomplish good."
When . asked why he did not hide the
gun, Coronado said he never thought he
would be suspected.
Mrs. Patron also testified that on the
occasion of the visit to the jail Coronado
had told her and his wife that at the
time the Sheriff was searching his cabin
he bad gone to the door and tossed a $20
piece he had taken from Norona's body
into some brush near by. He told them
where they could find It. A few days later
the witness and Mrs. Coronado .went to
the place near the cabin and got the coin.
WHIPPING POST FOB MEN
WHO DESERT THEIB WIVES
Los Angeles Chief of Police Favors
Drastic Punishment for Craven
Husbands.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 6.— Chief of Po
lice Elton told some of the ladies of the
Woman's Christian Temperance Union of
the causes leading to vice In Los An
geles at their meeting held to-day.
"That alcohol," said the Chief, "Is the
root of all evil my experience in police
work leads me to believe. The elimina
tion of the liquor traffic would result In
the reduction of the- police force of Loa
Angeles by one-half. I find that most of
our criminals come from broken families.
"What is to be done with a man who
desert3 his wife and children In this fash
ion? The offense la severe, and I would
provide a severe penalty. There ought to
be established In every Jail of the United
States a whipping post. The craven who
deserts his family ought to . receive a
thrashing at the hands of the law. The
whipping post. I firmly believe, is the
best method of dealing with such scoun-
Dewey Denies the Story.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— The World this
(Saturday) morning publishes a dispatch
frcm Washington saying that Admiral
Dewey has denied the statements pub
lished yesterday that the Schley court of
inquiry had reached a decision in the case
and that Admiral Schley had been found
guilty on five counts.
Ms'b e. wnyns' ar«»t Novel
] portion * Labor [
"^"""l A Jitudtf of 5 *
I An American Girl E |
The Chicago Post says: * It shows tie work of a master baid."
niustrated, 61.50
Franklin i-J^*,^^*. C- O««>v<-t«V>**/^ New York
■ square iiarper cc tsrotners at y
ENGINE TOPPLES
FROM A CLIFF
Ropkslide on Canadian
Pacific Causes Two
Deaths.
Locomotive Rolls Down a
Steep Bluff Overlooking
Fraser River.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Dec. 6.— As a Ca
nadian Pacific freight train was proceed
ing east at a slow speed around a danger
ous .curve, 400 feet above the Fraser River.
at 5:15 o'clock this morning. Engineer
Randall suddenly came upon a rockslida
scarcely fifty feet ahead of him. A signal
was given to the brakeman and the lever
was reversed, but It was too late. Th»
train was scarcely going five miles an
hour, but the heavy cars piled the engine
upon the rocks and before the engineer
and fireman could jump the locomotive
left the rails and rolled over and over for
300 feet down the bluff toward the river.
Engineer A. Randall and Fireman Potrult
were thrown out and crushed to death be
neath the engine.
The two men were from Kamloops. Ran
dall left a wife and children. Potruff was
married only two months ago. Three cars
of the freight were wrecked, going over
the bank alter the engine. Traffic waa
delayed six hour3.
RAILS TO CONNECT LOS
ANGELES AND SANTA ANA
Huntingrton-Hellman Syndicate Buys
the Interurfcan Company's
Property.
SANTA ANA. Dec. 6.— An electric road
between this city and Los Angeles now
seems assured. Tni3 morning General
Manager W. H. Smith of the Pacific Elec
tric Company, accompanied by Auditor
Baxter and Superintendent Jones, arrived
here and conferred with the directors of
the Interurban Railway Company. After
the conference Mr. Smith announced that
his company bad absorbed the Interurban
Company and tbat construction of an
electric railway between Santa Ana and
Los Angeles would be commenced at once.
In confirmation of Manager Smith's
statement deeds ■were filed in the County
Recorder's office this, afternoon for tha
transfer of all the property of the inter
urban line to the Pacific Electric Railroad.
Company. This deal includes the Santa
Ana and Orange Motor Line, the rolling
stock and franchise for an excellent right
of-way from this city to Los Angeles.
It is said that the consideration waa
more than $20,000. The Pacific Electric
Company is better known as the Hunting
ton-Hellman syndicate.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 6.— Bonds in the
amount of $10,000,000 are to be issued by
the Pacific Electric Company, the corpo
ration that Is to equip and operate the
Huntington-Hellman Interurban railway
system. The company's board of direc
tors decided on the proposed issue in a
meeting held recently In Loa Angeles.
The bonds will be floated in Los Angeles
on February 8. They will bear Interest
at the rate of 5 per cent a year, which
will be payable semi-annually, and their
denomination will be $1000 each. The in
debtedness to be created will be secured
by a first mortgage upon all of the prop
erty owned by the Pacific Electric Rail
way Company and such property as tha
corporation may acquire hereafter.
DECISION IS AGAINST
JONATHAN SWEIGERT
SAN JOSE, Dec. 6. — Schmoll vs. Swel
gert, one of the most important cases
ever before the courts of this county,
was decided by Judge Rhodes to-day. By
its terms Jonathan Swelgert. ex-Sherift
of Santa Clara County, must turn back
into the estate of Adam Swelgert, de
ceased, a sum approximating $68,000,
which Jonathan Swelgert claimed his
father had left as a trust fund, and
which, according to the court, the de
fendant had disposed of in part by gifts
to himself and various members of tha
family.
Adam Sweigert was a pioneer of this
county and died in 1899. His will waa ad
mitted to probate and Jonathan Sweigert,
his son. was appointed executor. His
property was bequeathed in three equal
parts to Jonathan Sweigert, Caroline
Schmoll, a daughter, and four children
of a deceased son, Adam. Upon the fil
ing of the inventory Mrs. Schmoll and
the grandchildren claimed that the exec
utor had failed to account for a larga
sum of money. Jonathan Swelgert In
sisted that this sum was a trust and that
a part of it had been given to himself
and family by the decedent. Suit against
him was commenced and the court now
decides that there was no trust and that
the gifts were made not by the decedent
but by Jonathan himself.
Nicholas Will Meet Draga.
VIENNA, Dec. 6. — A report has been
received here from Belgrade to the ef
fect that the Czar has conveyed an In
timation of his willingness to receive
King Alexander and Queen Draga of
Servia. . ■ : '.
TELEGRAPHIC BREVITIES.
■ WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— Colonel James A.
Whelan. Twelfth Cavalry, commanding the De
partment of Texas, was retired to-day.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— Mrs. Roosevelt re
turned to the city to-night from her visit to
New York. She brought her young son Archi
bald with her.
BOMBAY, Dec. 6. — Forty Turkish soldiers
have been killed near Lohai, In Yemen. Arabia,
in a conflict with tribesmen who had rebelled
on account of excessive taxation. . r '.v.-
MELBOURNE, Dec. 6.— The Immigration re
striction bill, which excludes from Australia
all persons who cannot speak a European lan
guage, passed the Commonwealth Senate. -.-''
VIENNA, Dec. 8.— After a debate of nine
hours the lower house of the Retchsrath has
rejected an urgency motion for the establish
ment of a university for the southern Slavs.
LONDON. Dec. 7.— "Thousands of the starv
ing: unemployed are rioting daily at Prague."
telegraphs the Vienna correspondsnt of the
Dally Mall, "and strong forces of police are
preserving order there."
• STORM LAKE. la.. Dec. 6.— Albert P. Phil
lips and Louis Brooks were found guilty In the
first degree by a jury and the penalty was fixed
at death. The charge on which they were tried
was that of killing Charles Lodine and John
Sunblad. both of Albert City, while attempting
to escape from officers who were trying to ar- ,
rest them for robbing the Greenville, la., ban!s
of $2000 on November 16.
1112
bAJt FRAJVCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE . of ' The San . Frandaco
Call, comer of Mbrket and Third streets; open
un»il 12 o'clock every eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open ur.til 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
. 639 McAHia'.er street; open until 9:30 p. xn.
SIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mifcbicn rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.til t p. ;n. • ■ • •
1O« Eleven-Ji street, open until 9 p. in.
1036 Valencia street, open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 9 p. -m.'
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, ~F. & A. M.- |i~
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _i^l_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second D€- TCjf
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. '"'
MEMBERS of Montezuma Tribe No.
77. I. O. K. M. — You are hereby N^i»X
notified to attend funeral of our Ttfc>
late Brother, JOHN A. ELLERT; members
will assemble at Red Men's Hall, 326 Poet
et. SUNDAY. Dec. 8, at 1 p. m. sharp.
Yours in F. F. and C,
W. H. KLINE, Sachem.
T. Tl'. B. SWAN. Chief of Records.
MECHANICS' Institute, quarterly meeting no-
tice— The quarterly meeting of the Mechanics'
Institute will be held at 31 Post st. SATUR-
DAY, December 7, ISfll, at 8 p. m. Reports of
officers will be read, an amendment to the
constitution will be considered, nominations
for trustees will be opened.
JAMES K. COSGRAVE. Rec. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. W. Stone Sr., in the Red
Hill rravel mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In a worked-
out pit; from Mrs. Olivene A. Stone, In the
Gignac gravel mine, near Flacerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Webber
Creek; and from J. B. Lassiat, in the Las-
siat mine, at Poker Flat, Sierra County, to
deposit tailings in a worked-out pit, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
- IS, Flood building-, San Francisco, Cal.. on
December 23. 190L at 1:30 p. m.
PAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTATION CO., office
S27 Market Bt., San Francisco, Nov. 20, 1901:
Annual meeting— The annual meeting of the
Ftockholders of the Paauhau Sugar planta-
tion Company will be held at the office of the
Company, 327 Market Et. In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
on SATURDAY, the 7th day of December.
1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock a? m., for the
. purpese of electing a board of directors to
terve for the ensuing year, and for the pur-
pose of amending paragraph I of article XIII
of the by-laws of the company relating to
the annual meeting of stockholders, and for
such other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Nov.
j 16, 190L at 3 o'clock p. m. By order of the
president. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
ACEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS make $10 per day selling our novelty
machines to farmers and rig owners. FOOTE
MFG. CO., Los Angeles, Cal.
CANVASSERS for S. F. and Alameda coun-
ties; patent pen; 40 per cent profit. R. W.
• GLENN, Fruitvale.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
1067 Market St., room L
GOOD steady agent; to right man will pay sal-
ery and commission. BROWN. 418 Larkin et
RELIABLE agents wanted. J. A. HOFF-
MANN. 1219 Bush gt.
ASrilALTUM HOOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 2477.
CITY AEPHALTUM CO.. 632 Market St.— Roofs,
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
Open evenings by appointment: phone John 31S1, I
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ; col- |
lections; attachments; mortgages: bills of sale;
partnership?; deeds; Trills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTOX. 10PSVJ Mkt. r. 4. opp. Sth.
ADVICE free; divorce law specialty; private:
office open evenings: moderate fee if success-
fuL HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market St.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st, opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
nOARDl.VG FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for girl not under 3 years; private
family. 410G Twentieth Et.
POOKJ S— NEW AXD OLD. j
BOCKF of every kind bought TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUREAU TRU.\KS. j
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, S26 Howard, j
UlM.MiSS CIIAACES. ,
A— $2300; LEADING country hotel cf"io~rooinX
dining and billiard parlors; barroom clears
all expenses and more; rent |73; 5 years'
lease; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE
26^ Kearny st.
A— $KK); SALOON, including 8 furnished rooms;
a cplendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et
A— $1500; BAKERY, including stock; rent $40;
living rooms; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE.
2C^ Kearny et.
A— $2000; HAIR store with manicure parlors,
clearing at least $200 per month; location close
to Chronicle bldg.; place estab. 10 years; only
btst class of customers. Call R. G. WILKE
2CV» Kearny st.
A— $300; HALF interest in one of the best pay-
irg saloons on Pacific St.. near Montgomery"
cr will sell whole place for $600; partners
don't agree. R. G. WILKE. 26'^ Keamy st.
A— $60D; SALOON on Sansome st; rent $23; very
choicest location and a good paying business
For particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A— JSOO; CHOP and oyster house; only 1 block
of The Call building; bargain. Call R. G. I
WILKE. 26',4 Kearny et. •- .--■
A— $4^0; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth st. about 1 block from. Market: rent
$30; a good paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $3500; SALOON, about 4 doors from Call
building; if you mean business I give you nar-
_tlculars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION! '
Do you want to 6ell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
quickly and without publicity; money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. VIERECK & CO
Rooms 3 and 4, 1104 Market st. cor. Mason.
*35n— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
business; clears $100 to $150 per month to each
partner. Call S35 Market St.. room 14.
ICECREAM parlor and candy store doing a
fine business; must be sold; price $450; call
and investigate. Room 14, 935 Market st.
McBRlDE & CO.. 765 Market st. ' "
If vou want to buy or sell business, call at
our office, room 2; see our large list of dlf-
lerent chances; a friendly Inquiry costs noth-
irig. . --,- ....
WE have all kinds of business chances— If you
want to buy. come and see our list; we can
suit you; sellers do well to list their property
with us; we can find a buyer quick. MILES
_ CO.. S27 Market st. room 208.
ETENBERG CO.. 759 Market st
Phone Black 549L
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business chancea of all
kinds. Phone calls promptly attended.
PROBATE eale — Grocery and bar; g-ood busi-
ness location; cheap rent. Bids received and
full particulars at office of C. F MOORE
f'35 Market st. room 6. . '
M T ARIO^ GR , I ? ri , N *' "^^rket nr. Call bldg.
Long liyt of businesses for sale; please call.
A-FOR cigar stands that actually make
* taoney, see C. L. HEDGES. 461-2 Parrott big.
• A— CAUTION; don't buy any business before
procuring Buyers' Guide; $L 462 Parrott big.
I WILL invest $300 with a first-class oyster
cook to open oyster and chop house. Address
box 2M7, Call office. ;■ .;-. ,
$300— PARTNER wanted in old established
commission business. Box 2605. Call ofllce.
FOR eale— Half interest Jn Job printing and
newspaper business, or will sell Job depart-
ment entire; good chance for good live Job
printer. Address box Elfi, San Jose, Cal.
ACTIVE dry goods salesman with $1000 or more
can secure good investment and position with
riti-is bouse. Address O. STEWART, 27 Mar-
ket st, San Francisco.
$300 — CIGARS, stationery and notions; good bus-
iness location; transfer point. Waiting room
Twenty-third-ave. station. East Oakland.
WANTED— A hardware store in city of 1000 to
."'■oft inhabitants; cash sale. Address box" W,
Auburn. Cal. :*-, '■■'.
FOR sale — A good planing mill- in a lumber
y-Rrd; located in a growing town. Addreas
. P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal. -
$1000— SALOON for aale, in the best business
part of Napa. For particulars address P. O.
box S2, Napa. Cal. , , ,. - ...
FOR Sale— Saloon; good location. Apply 644
Sacramento Et. room ".
FOR sale— Downtown saloon. Albany Brewery,
iiix end Harrison, 10-12 o'clock; cheap rent.
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Con tinned.
A— WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny at
A— $450; RESTAURANT near Kearny atT;
clears $1SO mo. STRAND & CO., 109 Kearny..
A— $250; BRANCH bakery and variety store; 8
rooms; rent $15. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
A — $250; ' PARTNER commission business: will
clear $75 mo. each. STRAND & CO., 209 Krny.
CANDY store and icecream parlor; $250; 8 large
living rooms. 1521 Devlsadero Et.
SALOON for sale, oppoalte the ferry. J Apply
111 East st, north of Market
LODGIKG-UOUSES . FOR SALE.
54-ROOM corner house..... .....$4000
10 rooms on Eddy st. S50
18 rooms on Third at 950
24 rooms, 2 fronts; clears $200.. 1600
33 rooms; best In the city 2000
60 rooms ;- sure to clear $300.: 3600
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BARGAINS IN
LODGING-HOUSES.
From 6 to 600 rooms: prices from {100 to
$25,000.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BOARDING-
HOUSES.
..From 8 to 350 rooms; prices $75 to $40,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF HOTELS
..From 20 to S00 rooms; prices $400 to $50,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF FLATS AND
- PRIVATE HOMES.
....From 4 to 15 rooms; prices $200 to $2000....
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAY-
MENTS.
CALL IF YOU WANT A LOAN
CALL IF YOU 'WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
REAL ESTATE. .
CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUY...;....
....Sell or exchange any kind of property....
I CAN SUIT YOU
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st Tel. Davis 281.
OUR OWN BARGAINS.
NEVER BEFORE ON THE MARKET.
CASH $700.
16- room flat, new, modern and- well furnished;
beat location; housekeeping.
CASH $4000.
85 rooms, family hotel, every room occupied,
elevator, modern improvements.
CASH $2000.
40-room select boarding house, centrally lo-
cated, doing good business.
CASH $1500.
18-room rooming and boarding bouse, beat lo-
cation, cheap rent.
« CASH $1300.
52-room workingman's hotel, dining-room,
barber shop; reading-room on ground floor; new
plumbing, gas fitting, papering and painting
throughout; new bathtubs and toilets on every
floor; lease.
ROOMING HOUSES, HOTELS. FURNISHED
FLATS IN ANY PART OF THE CITY AT
LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY
PAYMENTS.
"MONEY TO LOAN AT.LOWEST RATES.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
' 9 rooms; bargain; $50 cash, bal. payments $150
22 rooms; income $200: elegant; bargain.. 1500
8 rooms; well furnished 400
33 rooms; grand transient location 2200 ,
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
16 rooms; corner; part cash 1000;
28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms; grand corner: clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable: clears $90.'. 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. . Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
6 r.; modern flat; Van Ness; new $330
14 r.; rent $45; residence; good fur.; piano. 900
34 r. ; good cor.; fur., carp.; low rent.. 2700.
63 r. ; cor. apart.; tctal expense per mo. 175
SI r.; rent low; good house, every way 2150
24 r.; rent $65; Al loc: reduced to 1000
23 r.: offices; rent $110; els. $200; Investigate
14 r. ; rent $40: trans, loc.: clears $100 1300
7 r. ; rent $45: modern flat; leaving city.. 375
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
FOR Sale— At Sacramento, Cal.. a second-class
hotel of 60 rooms, reading-room, dining-room,
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located en principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
I rent reasonable. For further particulars in-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO., 325 J St..
Sacramento, Cal. • •
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market; phone Main 128.
14 rooms; nice private boarding-house $S57
15 rooms; sunny bay-windows; good buy. 1300
25 rooms (worth $2000): rent only $100 1410
46 rooms; low rent; part cash; bargain... 4000
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W, SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st., opp. Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city: get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market St.
LODGING-HOUSE, the finest location in this
i city: 15 rooms: turn people away every night;
$450 cash: $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave.
9-ROOM lodgingr-house, comslete, for sale.
242 Sixth st.
23 ROOMS: clears $80 a month: *?ood location.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS ASSN.. 865% Mkt
$500— LODGING-HOUSE, 34 'rooms, all filled.
543 Howard St. ■ .
LODGING-HOUSE for sale. 21 rooms; rent $80;
price $1000. Apply at 207 Post st.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — A profitable lodging-house; 19
-. rooms; cheap. 12 and 14% Steuart st. -
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM/ spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun..
Wed. and Friday evening. 1035 Market st
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium: spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue . Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell at;. Ellis car.
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st; satisfactory
readings, 50c. $1; circle every night, 10c.
Arnold Dickson,' leave 11th: readings 50c. $1;
last materializing seance Sun. night. 201 Turk.
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th, nr.
Guerrero; readings by mail; sittings daily.
BROCK WAY'S seance Sunday, Tuesday*. Thurs-
day, 25c, 8:15 p. m.; readings daily. 1052 Ellis.
MME. THYES, 148 6th St.— Test circle to-night,
only 10c; 8:15. private readings.
MME. DU PREE. 118% Ellis, r. 4— Card read-
ing lessons given; cards marked for reading.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis, phone Polk 1601;
sittings 9:30 to 5; seance Sun. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
EXTRAORDINARY! EXTRAORDINARY!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR .HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London
AS A TEST IN THE READING WILL TELL
YOUR NAME, AGE, OCCUPATION WHOM
AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY. . .
BUSINESS. LOVE. MARRIAGE.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies: gives full secret
how to control or influence any one you_jove
or meet; no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5 Sun-
days.
Reception rooms. 13. 14. first floor,
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand'a.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this ■ great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4363.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at. 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and.
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful . clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st; readlnga by mail.
LADIES, 50c; clairvoyant, scientific palmist,
card reader, tells you hov* to be ' successful
in undertakings and all thlnga pertaining to
life. Prof. Welter. 1007% Market at. nr. Cth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with lire reading;- ladies JO.-,
gentf $1: palm, and clalr. ait $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings daily. 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. W1LLE. 326A Ellis st, clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells, everything; read-
.ln£g. 50c. $1; houra, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
lngs, $1 & $2; readings by mall; saflsfac. guar.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dlea 25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
CARD T^lgz- palmistry Included, 25c; ladies
THE SAN IIJANCISCO^ALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER ; 7, 1901.
CLAT^OYAWT^-^COT^«w*»iil. -
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; teL Jessie 156S.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known ■ fortune teller,
haa removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.'
WHEN you become disgusted with poor vrork
6end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel.- South 40.
MODERN CO.: steam cleaning. 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st;tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1 7 O3 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works;
833 Golden Gate ave.: telephone ■ East 126. ,
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenails, bunions and (corns. cured
painless) r.o knife. Dr. Brown, graduated chl-
ropodlst. Indorsed by med. prof n. 304 Stocktor.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection, Agency; 6th
floor; 916 Market st; advice free. Tel. Busb
194: able body of attorneys. • ■
COTTAGES TO LET. i
THIRTIETH, 340— Four-room cottage; sanitary
improvements. .. ■ - - ■ • ■
DENTISTS. /
A^Dr"."t"sThIGGINS, 927 Market st, Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crown's, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. ■ '
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by. my
: wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D., S., Manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental -Co.. 6 Eddy 6t— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Firlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices in S. F. ; painless extraction.
50c. N. Y. Dentist;. 369 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 PoU Et
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815H Geary, nr. Larkin-Pain-
less extraction, 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS. '
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordian and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. ' '•
H^AXD 7 S~¥cll615iroT^L^CT ; R7cA_~_NGN
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical ; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OB' MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methds; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
-. der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING," figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs, only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st
' ACTING., elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
I associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. ■
A— Miss Bolte's School, 2734 Pine st; board;
Eng., French. German, music; $30 mo.; coach.
VITTORIO DINO, Italian teacher, gives les-
sonsat pupil's home; price GOc. Box 1858. Call.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. H. GARCIA, 704 Sacramento st.
FIGURES— Nothing like it for rapidity: $5.
TARR, 220 Parrott bldg.. gives particulars.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary at;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Latin, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.,
etc. ; day or eve.'; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
• EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. '
A^JAPANESB reliable house cleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
Gecrge Klnochita, 1233 Page st; tel. Fell 8501,
br'ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI _ CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush st; tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter;tel.Black 6072.
RELIABLE'Japanese-Chlnese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5182.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
BY first-class Swedish laundress, best of city
references. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
324 Sutter st: •
MIDDLE-AGED woman | wishes | position to
cook in small boarding house; across the bay
preferred. Box 2612, Call office. ■
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
-washing or housekeeping. 158 South Park.
WOMAN wishes to assist in general housework;
no triflers; Oakland or city. 231 Second st.
I SITUATION wanted by young woman/to do
! chamberwork. Apply 1260 Howard st
! YOUNG lady desires position as housekeeper.
! 1015 Market St., room 58.
A LADY of 10 years', experience wishes position
as housekeeper for first-class rooming house
or hotel by January 1 in exchange for rooms
and board ; best references. Box 2518, Call.
LADY would like a position as companion to
on elderly or Invalid lady, or would be will-
ing to be housekeeper for an- elderly couple;
reference. Box 1509. Call office. ■■•'-■ ;
A COMPETENT woman wishes situation; good
cook and laundress; wages $25 to $30; Box
' 2r>5S ' Pa" office. ' ... ' - ' .- ■ •■:■;-■
GOOD neat - German woman wants work as
housekeeper for widower or bachelor; , good
. cook. 089 Howard St.. room 32. . . . '
RELIABLE woman ; wants position; chamber
work or office cleaning. : 317 Minna st.\ ; '
WOMAN would like . plain sewing to do- at
• home. 230%. Third st. ' ., ■
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEBIALE.
A REFINED educated and bright woman, 30
years of age, -with experience in nursing and
housekeeping, possessed of health, strength
and tact desires respectable, remunerative
' employment Address MRS. B..A., box 1638,
Call office., :
Z DANISH girls wish positions in the same
house; either country or in Alameda or San
Rafael. Box 2593. Call. ■'■ .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to-$l 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and ' respectable; tree
bus and baggage to ani from ferry. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has been established at ' 1096
Valencia st. ■ ..■'■■..' '
I E3IPLO YMEXT W ANTED— MALE.
AS salesman, bill, order or shipping clerk by a
thorough Eastern lumberman; either in or
out of city. Box 2698, Call. -
COACHMAN, formerly from near Newport,
R. I.. American, • married, of neat appear-
j ance, positively sober, no bad habits; flrst-
/ class driver; thoroughly understands the leed-
ing and conditioning of fine horses: knows
how they should be shod to keep them soun 1
and have good action; can ride and gait fine
- saddlers; care of harness, saddles, bridles,
I steel bits and chains; can use composition
\ and different saddle and harness dressings;
Eastern and California references. Address
box 2531, Call. - ' -
YOUNG man about 30, not afraid to work,
wishes position to do any honorable Indoor
work; small salary at first no object; bond
If necessary. Box 2561, Call. ■ • ■
A SOBER young man (Scandinavian) wishes
work about place as choreman; care of horses,
- cows and raise poultry; c^ty or country. Box
2611, ■• Call office. ■ ■ ' ■ - •
SOBER, well-recommended young man wishes
position as collector or restaurant waiter.
Box 2598. Call. .
YOUNG man, Danish, reliable and sober,
wishes work of any kind; not acquainted In
city. Box 2600. Call. -
SITUATION wanted by experienced bookkeeper
and bill clerk; first-class references. Box
2596. Call. ■ ■ . , ,
YOUNG man, German, with some experience in
butcher business, wishes position. Box 2604,
Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes position as Janitor or
porter in barber shop. . 1624 Powell st.
COACHMAN: thoroughly . understands . all
about horses, -. harness and carriages; good
driver: acquainted In city and best of' ref-
erences; a. young man; thoroughly under-
stands proper care and treatment of horses.
Address box 2556, Call. '
WANTED— Position as assistant Job composi-
tor by young man, 21 years of age, 6 years
experience in printing shop, 1 year on job
work: moderate waees. Address C. D. ED-
WARDS, city general delivery.
POSITION wanted by reliable man; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; careful driver:
milk; care of garden; generally useful; good
references. P. S., 21% Harrison ave., off
Folsom st. . ' ' .
CHRISTIAN young man of 26, with general
- mercantile experience, as collector, office
assistant or anything else; will furnish bond.
Address box 2585, Call. • . •
WANTED— By competent and trustworthy man
(married) to take charge of vineyard or ranch;
references. Address 386 Forty-fifth St.. West
Oakland.
GERMAN steady, sober man, desires situation
porter or lunch man; do little cooking. K.
. L., 361 Jessie st.
A GOOD second or short order cook desires sit-
uation; city or country. Box 2574, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st
EXCHANGE.
WATCH, good condition, in exchange for ham-
merless Smith & Wesson. 421 Powell; GEB-
HARDT. ! _^^
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES promoted and j financed, stock
taken In payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st ,
FLATS TO LET.
A— SUNNY 4 rooms; warm belt. 39 Julian ave.,
bet. 11th and 15th, Mission and Valencia sts.
ELEGANT new sunny, flat, 8 rooms. 874 Eddy
Bt.', near Van Ness ave. ' i
MODERN lower flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent |
$16. . 1939% McAllister §t.
VALENCIA, 549, bet. 16th . and 17th— $17 50; j
cheapest flat in city; 5 sunny rooms, bath.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
REFERENCE; couple wanted to" rent a new
furnished flat 3 rooms & bath; $18. 1614 Joneg.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market. :
FOR sale — 5 rooms, completely furnished, and
corner flat for rent. Apply 26 Ninth st.
G ROOMS furniture for sale; must be sold. 524
Eighth st., Oakland; call from 10 to 2 dally.
FURNITURE WASTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st; tel.. South. 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
GLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— Danicheff glove order;
factory price guar.; kept In repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED — -FEMALE.
MRS M. E. DAY & CO...." .Phone Slain _75
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $30; 2 waitresses, same com-
mercial hotel, $20; waitress, south, $20, fare
paid; 4 waitresses, city, $20; restaurant wait-
ress, $30; chambermaid, to wait, country.'
$20, see party here; 3 chambermaids, to wait.
. city, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
3 ' cooks, city, $30; house girls, Alameda,
Berkeley, Oakland and San Rafael, $25 each;
2 nurses for children, $25; many other choice
places.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ......335 Geary.
TWO neat youns salesladies for candy store,
$7 week to begin; also two extra salesladies
for evening <. work, no experience necessary -
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ....335 Geary.
WOMAN with a child for nice family place,
country: $20. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
Geary st.' . • . .
MAN and wife for ranch; see party here 9
a. m. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
WANTED— 14 cooks. German, Scandinavian or
..Protestant, no washing, $30, $35; cook, Ger-
man style, $35; 4 second girls, $20, $25; mother
. and • daughter as cook and nurse - girl, San
Rafael, $35; .housekeeper, 2 men, sleep home,
$20 and carfare: cook for Oakland, see lady
here at 11 o'clock. $30. no wash; general
housework, Alameda, $25; 16. waitresses for
city and country hotels and restaurants, $20
and $8 a week: farmer and wife, $40; cook
for boarding-house, country, $30; 6 neat Irish
cooks, $30 ard $35. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
: 334 Sutter st.
GIRLS'. California Hairdresslng College. We
1 teach the 20th century profession for women;
all branches taught, including the hydrovacu
and Pack-Pague treatments; latest methods;
special -rates; ; visitors welcome. Supreme
Court bldg.. 305 Larkin st. ; take elevator. • •
WANTED— Experienced hands for fancy goods
department. Apply at LIVINGSTON BROS.,
123 Post st. . '■ -' . . .'■
YOUNG lady wants soprano with strong. ordi-
nary voice as vaudeville partner. Box 2572.
Call office.
WANTED— German girl for upstairs work and
waiting at table. Call 902 Eddy St., 9 to 12 m.
A LADY to assist in giving baths. Call after
2 p. m., 116 Tenth st. , - ■ . -
GIRL for candy store. Apply 1811 Devlsa-
, dero st. . ,' -
WANTED— Two young girls to run ' foot power
sewing machine. _■ H. LEVY, 513 Market
WANTED— A young lady cashier for \ restaur-
,' ant. ; PALMS. 783. Market St.
WANTED — Young woman for light housework;
plain cooking, $15. 716 Franklin st. i .
GIRL for general housework. , 2651 Howard St.,
between. Twenty-second and : Twenty-third, a
WANTED— Housekeeper for family of three.
Box 2559, Call ■ office. ■
APPRENTICE; high-class " dressmaker; also
chore girls. 1523 Bush st. • , - ., '■
'60 MORE silk waiot hands; highest wages paid.
JUDA BROS., 109 Battery st. . .:•
. HELP WAJfTED— FEMALE—Con.
WANTED— GIRLS and WOMEN to learn halr-
■•- dressing, manicuring, electrical face massage.
shampooing, dyeing and bleaching, etc.; full
- "course, 3 weeks; tuition $1 per week; positions
■ positively guaranteed; 4 good positions in fine
stores now open to those entering immedi-
ately. S. F.xHAIRDRESSING COLLEGE,
first and only of the kind on Pacific
Coast; all others are Imitators. S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE. 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
WANTED— A young lady who is an experi-
enced wrapper and a young lady who is an
experienced cashier. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m..~ at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— Badly 5 freckled young or . middle-
aged woman of otherwise respectable ap-
pearance to . act as demonstrator at these
parlors after free treatment; -good wages;
pleasant position. Room 52. Columbian bldg.
(opposite Emporium). •
GOOD power sewing machine - operators on
awnings and tents or one that has worked in
overall factory; none, but experienced need
apply. F. THOMS, 1139 Mission st-
WHOLESALE , house desires the services of a
woman not under 25 who is accurate and trust-
worthy; permanent position.. Box 2577. Call.
GIRLS, be Independent: entire course in hair-
dresslng; 3 weeks, $3; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st., ground floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an- subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH- office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WASTEP-^aiALB.
A— MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay at
.' Phone Main 684S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
• •. Office Open 7 A. M
Teamster, city Job, $2 to $2 50 day; 3 stable-
men; milk wagon driver, city, $30 and found;
6 plow teamsters, $30; 7 farmers, $26 and $30
and found; 17 choremen and chore boys;
milkers, dairymen, cheesemaker and milkers;
. 35 woodchoppefs ; 15 tiemakers .'
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, hotel, Napa County, $40; third cook, ?30;
5 cooks for other places; 6 waiters. $30, $35
and found;/ 12 kitchen hands. $15, $20, *25, *30
and found; cake bakers, - country -shop, $40
and found; baker's helper, city; head waiter,
country hotel. $35 and found; milk wagon
driver, city, $30 and found; butcher for ranch.
$30 and found. MURRAY _ READY, 631-634
Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
Railroad work ..; Free fare
' FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
. 60 header and cornermen $2 oO
50 drillers $2 25
50 muckers $2
60 laborers $1 75
SHIP TO-DAY
Free- fare 'Free fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Garde mange, flrst-class hotel. $70; butcher,
first-class hotel, $60; butcher, country shop,
$30 to $35; neat young man to carry oft dishes,
country hotel, $25
C. R. HANSEN & CO 101 Geary st.
MILKER, and wife, $30 and house rent free;
poultryman and wife, $50 and found; 2 farm-
ers and wives, $40 and found; blacksmith, $40
and board: bootblack, $10 week; 4 men for
grubbing, $20 and found ; wood choppers, $1 25
and $2 50 cord ; errand boys and boy for fac-
tory. 75c a day; driver for milk wagon, $30
and found; teamster, $30 and found; cooks,
waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
CHOREMAN and wife for private place near
city, $40, eee lady In town; house servant for
family, country, $25; gardener and care 3
horses, country. $25; plain blacksmith • for
ranch. $30, see boss at office early; 2 eight-
mule plow teamsters, $26 and $30. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st— First and
second cooks for hotel in mining town. $75 and
$60,' no baking; French cook' for European
t plan hotel, south. $75 to $80. see party here;
'French or German cook, small country hotel,
$50; cook, plain boarding house, $40 to $45, etc.
WANTED — Man In each county to represent old
established house; solid financial standing;
straight, bona fide weekly cash salary of $1S
by check each Wednesday with all expenses
from headquarters; money advanced for ex-
penses. Manager, 387 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
PIANO player wanted: must be union man.
Apply between 1 and 2 p. m., Clneograph The-
' ater, 747 Market st-
SCHOOLBOY about 15 to carry evening papers.
315 Grant ave., between 1 and 2 p. m.
TAILOR and also presser on coats. 3 Brook
St.. over 738 Market St., room 5.
FIRST-CLASS coatmakers for the country. T.
BAUMGARTEN & CO., 7 Montgomery at.
WANTED— Physician for special practice. Box
2603, »Call office. .
WANTED— A good man outside real estate of-
fice; must be worker. DECKER, 921 Market
WANTED— Boy for office and collection. Ad-
dress box 2610, Call office. ■
ONE third cook and one dishwasher wanted.
Golden West Hotel, 68 Ellis st. '
YOUNG man to drive a milk wagon. $15 and
found. Call between 12 and 2, 1918 Hyde st
CONFECTIONER candy-maker. Apply 1250 Va-
■ lencia st. .... ; j
STEADY man with $250 cash can "make $1CO i
month. Apply at 209 Kearny st, room 1. I
WANTED— A boy to learn the carpenter trade. |
Apply 459 Stevenson st. j
BARBER shop, 2 chairs steady, for sale cheap
803 Kearny st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.- 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Young man who is a flrst-class silk
and dress goods salesman. Apply between 8
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS. ,
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS. ;>.;Ty
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED— Experienced young man as book-
keeper and cashier in wholesale grain busi-
ness; must be strictly expert accountant:
salary $75; write age, experience, references
and qualifications to box 2579, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions, guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
1 that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
] rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — City cigar, salesman at once on sal-
ary; -must have cash security for samples.
Pacific Cigar Co., 40 Phelan building. j
WANTED— Good gardener and nurseryman. !
Inquire 3041 Baker st. Pacific Nursery.
I ARCHITECTURAL draftsman; must be first !
class; good wages. Box 2584, Call.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20o.up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
j WANTED— Man with $50; restaurant; big snap; i
no experience; $30 mo. Brown, 1221 Market st. I
FIRST-CLASS cabinet maker wanted." 6 |
; Ninth st. • - .
BARBERS, two revolving chairs and fixtures
'•- for sale reasonable. Inquire 213 Sansome at.
THREE boys about 14 years of age. cigar box
■ factory. F. KORBEL & BROS., 723 Bryant
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. •
FOR SALE— Barber shop, 3 chairs. Apply 107%
Fifth st. I
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs aecond-
hand shoes for aale; 50c up. 241 Third at
YOUNG men to learn bariier trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Poat. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Houpe. 44 Third at. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms.' 25c v.lght; reading rooms;' free
'bus and baggage to and from ferrj>. 4
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
■ received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore at
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
■ subscriptions' baa been established at 109S
Valencia Bt. ' • ■ ■ '.
HORSES AXD \VACO\S.
DO not" fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday/ Dec. 11. at 11 a. m.. at the Ar-
cade Horse Market.. 327 Sixth st. JOHN J.
t DOYLE, Auctioneer.
ONE ' second-hand undertaker's wagon one- 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
' VILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
FULL i line German Government ' horses always
■ nn hand. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 . Market.
SOME fine gentle . carriage and . driving horses
for -sale at 721 Howard st ' ,
A BARGAIN. in good carriage, saddle, business
, and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagona, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission at '
AN -A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532,Misslon.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
■' Call, 16 pages,' sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one !^year for. $1. -
HOUSES TO Ii-T., _ _ !
a_prinTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. gT H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
CORNER house. 6 sunny rooms, bath and yard.
3S6 San Jose ave., corner Twenty-sixth, bet.
Valencia and Guerrero; rent -very reasonable.
KEARNY. 1555, near Greenwich— Small house. 5
rooms; rent $8; water free. Key 1567 Kearny.
HOUSES TO 'LET KUUSISHED.
X^C^^aTfr^T^e^urniture of an S-room mod-
ern flat; everything choice and new; rent rea-
sonable. Call 1020 Ellis st. ; phone East 2S8.
LOST AXD FOtlXD.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of HARRIET WOOD, No. 82-247. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARGARET HOLLICY. No 210-oSl.
} The finder will please return to the bank.
LOST-Wednesday morning, white fox terrier
pup about 8 months old: answers to name of
"Jill." Return to drug store. Mission st..
! opposite Twenty-ninth; reward.
LOST-^Brown carved leather purse. $20 and
small change. Return to 715 Grove st, re-
celve reward. •
LOST— Gentleman's umbrella with silver han-
i die, between narrow gauge station and Mad-
ison St., Oakland. Reward at 1277 Seventh ave.
VERY small lady's chatelaine watch; J. R. on
back. 623 OTarrell St.; reward.
LOST-A gray parrot with red *ail; $3 reward.
Return to 508 Octavla St., near Hayes. <
LOST— In San Francisco Bay. near Point San
Quentin, a large net A reward of $-0 will
be paid for its return to San QuentJi or in-
formation leading to Its recovery bjr JOtt^
GEORGE and ANDREW SOFICHICI.
! LEFT in hack taken at wharf 7 p. m. with bag-
1 gage oft S. S. Chile. Dec. 3. umbrella case.
: Please bring to Occidental Hotel; reward.
! LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
; and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of France L. Schwab. No. 216-lo31; the
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of Daniel Boynan. No. 203-764; the
findtr will please return to bank.
I LOST— Scotch shepherd dog, yellow with black
trimmings to ears and tail. Return to 219
Montgomery st. and obtain handsome re-
ward. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. . ■
$20 REWARD— Gold hunting cas^ watch, scal-
loped edge, name engraved. 2111 Hearst ave.,
Berkeley. . ' ■ ■
LOST— Bracelet; on Kearny-st. car or down
Sutter to Montgomery. 220 Bartlett: reward.
COCKER spaniel, black, white line on breast;
tagged. 2298 Baker st. ; receive reward.
S2O REWARD— Palace of Art. 16 Post, round
magnifying glass; broken rim; no questions.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at. needs old
geld and silver to make new watch cases.
' ■ ' • MEDICAL. '
DR. O'DONNELL-All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice oh all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
treated ; relief to the longest cases. DR. ' G.
W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market at, opp. Fifth.
A— Dr. _ Mrs. Sweet is a graduate of the Royal
University of Berlin; has had 25 years' expe-,
rlcnce In midwifery cases; has opened strictly
private sanitarium at her own residence. 606
Guerrero, nr. 18th; takes ladies before & dur-
ing confinement, with best of motherly care;
$15; room & board, $4; Infants adopted; every
case guaranteed to be restored to best of
health; advice free; phone Blue 411.
MRS. D. WYETH and MRS. KOHL, reliable
ladles' specialists; 30 years' experience; pri-
vate home before and during confinement
410 O'Farrell st, near Taylor; hours, 9 to 5.
MRS. M. WEGENER. ladies' physician, has
returned from the East and resumed business;
home in' confinement. 210 Eddy st., near '
Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave.
THE original MRS. DAVIES is still located at
1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
In confinement 1126 Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
■confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists,
well known and reliable: 25 years' practice In
• S. F. : maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs. "
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALES.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
! INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
I second hand; we always have a large stock of
; saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
: one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
! In 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
! Mission st, above Sixth; write for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
ers, etc.; also good working tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, shapers. stickers,
mortisers, saws, eta J. B. JARDINE, 220
Fremont st ■ ?_- -^
ATTENTION, printers— Now on wharf, ex New
York, drum Cottrell and 4-roller, 2-revolution.
front-delivery Campbell: rebuilt Had wen-
Swain Mfs. Co., 215 Spear st.
EXCELLENT fuel cheap; good as coal;- 200 tons
apricot pits, carload lots, loose, at $1 per ton.
f. o. b. Niles; less than car lots at $1 50. E.
A. ELLSWORTH. Nilea. Alameda Co., Cal.
MATTING and Bamboo Furniture Wholesale
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children's
Toy Furniture Se*s.
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-2^ Spear st.
A FINE counter in ■ four parts, 60 feet long;
suitable for office, store or bar. ALEXAN-
DER & CO., 110 Montgomery st. .
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WILL sell at a sacrifice solitaire diamond -ring
and diamond sunburst. Box 2602, Call ifflce.
FOR sale— Fox terrier pups. 567 Sixth at.
CANARY birds: rollers and other good singers
cheap at LOHM ANN'S, J16S Sixteenth st.
UNREDEEMED overcoats from $3 50 up. Plaza
Loan Office. 702-708 Kearny st. ; open evenings.
ALL are notified that UNCLE HARRIS has
retired from business. ■ ■ -.
BOATS, launches, rowboatb carried in stock.
BAKER „ HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission at
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st. -.
8 HP. boiler and engine, "Economizer" pattern,
$175 to.b. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
FINE sealskin, nearly new, $S5. New Munlcl-
pal Loan Office. 617 AVashlngton at.
LOCOMOBILE, nearly new; will sell cheap;
owner going East. Box 2546. Call office.
THOROUGHBRED greyhound pups, male, fe-
malc. $10 each; fawn, brindle. K. C, 19 Polk.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $30, only $23.
Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
llned safe, perfect order. 216 California at.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2.1-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers- oak-
complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.'
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought T. Fershtand. 126 Kearny st. rra. 29.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movln- dIc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
AUSCELLAX—OUS WASTS,
WANTED— A second-hand steam boiler 15 to
20 H. P.. economizer or marine type' must
be in good order; also second-hand steam
winch for handling lines. Apply 405, Call bldg.
I WILL pay cash for one or two fine laree
diamonds. Box 2609. Call office. "»rge
UPRIGHT standard make" piano; must be
cheap for cash. Box 2699, Call office.
WANTED-Second-hand billiard or pool table's."
Address L. C. box 2601. Call office.
WUh Upe - *« »<
C^,TaU 8 Xe Pr^
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th, at; tel.' Folaonf 2522?
LADIES' & genta 1 good 2d-hand clothlns bought
Asold. Sllverman, S8> Folaom ;tcl. Folsom lSl.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress &TwT-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23. Stscktau.
MATRIMONIAL.
__ — ■" ~~ U^.
r.KNTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for liat Mrs. Hertz. 7C6 Ellis.
MATTRESSE3 AND" PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
Kterv- Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
ant7ed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 403 Powell £.
tel. Bush 421.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner buildfrV
...... .54.600.C0O at lowest rates f -
*""!!. .on first and second mortgages '
..... Ufa interests in estates
'"" Property being, held in .trust '
Undivided interests in real estate
I. Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
Financial problems of all sorts. and sizes.
If You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY, 603 Examiner bldg]
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit; city, Oak-
land town and country property; aecori
mortgages, life Insurance and securities: loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests lq
real estate and legacies; will purchase abova
securities. # Tel. Red 5024. MANHATTAN
■ LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bui.'ding.
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENT.
Flr«t. second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my tenn» before dning buiiness iIim^j,
R. McCOLGAN
.". 24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgage*. ( »-..
tates legacies, undivided Interests. c^M::>t
mtgs etc: enterprises of merit also sourf^:.
D. J. HALLORAN, 206 Kearny at., room 31
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1S63;
proper place to borrow money on diamond*,
jewelry pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt: tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Marke:
, gt: teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse. etc. ;any amount low-
est rates; private. Ormaby, 26 Montgomery st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary at.; phone Red 1603.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgage at 8 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate, 1st or tod mortgages, on furnl-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker, 927 Market st, room 613.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal; no commission: connden-
' tlaL Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market at. room 68.
ON salaries. N. Y. plan: Indorsed paper dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81/6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
con— ols. ; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no renwf—;
etrlctly private. LICK. 118 McAllister it.y
ONE per cent on furniture; $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 303 Montgomery at., r. L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON SALARIES without lndorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL IX STItPMEXTS.
THE only piano player for people to buy Is th«
Simplex, because it does better work than
any other and with less than half the effort.
Call and hear one of these wonderful Instru-
ments play. THE ZENO MAUVA13 MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st.
A BIG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only 13 now on at The Mauvals Musio
Co., 769 Market st. The very best quality of
goods will be offered at greatly reduce.l
prices, as the management wish to place it
within the ability of most any one to posses.*
a piano. Purchasers of presents can select
now and have the instruments kept until
ready for delivery. Payments accepted 1? no:
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO., 763 Market st;
NOW is the time to have your old piano re-
paired and fixed up. We have the best fa-
cilities for such work and will make prices
very reasonable. Pianos tuned by the year.
Pianos for rent. THE ZENO —LA.UVAIS MU-
SIC CO.. 769 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stoefcs^
T both new and second-hand, Is the largest we*4
of Chicago and includes the most rellatle }
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some good
- pianos < for $3, $4 and $3 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco: cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole agents most famous and oldest
American makes r easy payments: bltr allow-
ance for second-hand pianos: rents $2 up al-
lowed; bargains. $25 up; Steinways. $1SG;
Chickerings. $135; 50 others; agents, wanted.
217 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $o5 up.
Second-hand square planes from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $23 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 OTarreM. Chlckering. Masoa
& Hamlin, Vose. Sterlinc pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreil
st.; established 1S50.
A SMALL 'Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case Knabe upright almost new; also Steck.
oak case: Hardman square, $45; organs, £> ■
. up. BOWERS & SON. 23 Fifth st. IVER5 -
POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high-
grade pianos stored with us: ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap (In-
stallments). "WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market
PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Co.,
933 Market st.
Steck. Everett. Hardman, Ludwi? and other
fine pianos. The Chase & Baker piano player. t
Magnificent high-grade upright piano: 3 pedals^
sacrifice: party going East. 773 O'Farrell «I7
STEINWAY upright, almost new, $200; party
must sell. - Box 2565. Call Office.
A BIG bargain— Two -Weber pianos, good as
new, J113 and $195. 217 Geary st
$650 UPRIGHT left on sale; price $155. R. 38,
217 Geary st .
$125— SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$75; Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Spielman pianos. 308 Post st.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister gt.
AT KEEFFE'S, 22 Turk st. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo SCOTT-CT7RTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayca.
OFFICES AND STORES TO 'LET.
BARBER shop to rent, furnished: only $7 50
per month; good location. C. F. MOORE,
935 Market St., room 6.
FOR rent— 2 good light floors, offices and sales-
rooms. cheap. H. A. SMITH. 25 Market. S. F.
OIL.
OIL. tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
Mzpb: choap. H. 8. WHTTK. SIS Mission st.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 31J Third; tel. Red 3521.
rALMISTRY. Ij^
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, tr^l
Taylor at. bet Geary and Post: tel. Black 5»rT
NEERGAARD. president St. Germain Colles-.
reads from 1 to 4. 700 Poat: phone Hyde 2S3X
- 1'ATUA'IS AND F_.\51O.\S.
PENSION advice free; general practitioner.
OEO. P. CAMPBELL, lawyer. Examiner bids.
PERSOXAL9.
ARTISTIC halrdressing, 25c, manicuring 25c,
gents' manicuring 50c. by experts; best hair
work at reasonable prices; baths, most ele-
gant In city. 23c; our specialties, scalp treat-
ment and face massage; Patti Beauty Cream
COc; headquarters fcr genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitor*
at the EON-TON. 324 Post st.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$13; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth. ■-
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; prica
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars. Pinus Med.
Co., 734 Valencia st. S. F. ; tel. Church 137?.
ELECTRIC light: In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 41 Tlhrd st. near Market: 7C0 rooms;
25c; to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $£ per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the fer^y.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style ,•£?
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patte?M=i
and Th« Designer now ready. J. \V. EVANS-,'
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MIgS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S. Moore, 332 O'Farrell; send for circular./^^JPEI^Oy Con tl n wed.
I'OSITIVK cure for drunkenness, <|)Icm and
nsori'hine habits. Moow?r Co. Gold Cure; many
t^ttimon'.al*; direction to give secretlv: price
85. Address 112T. Geary f=t.. San Franrfgcu.
'■"ACE massage, oompicxion beautifying ; latest
Continental methods; olrctric roleau; superflu-
ous? hair removed by Heetrolyfis. Mme. Zeph^y
Kia-ora, parlor* S30 Suttor; phone Black 1221
DO you write ads? Send addtvss to-day on
your butanes)) stationery for invaluable in-
t <irination free. Harjier Syndicate. CulumbUb
Ohio.
DOLLS' *lgs made; hair dressing, any etyle,
25c; Kham;K>olr.g. 50c; manicuring. 23c; wigs
and fw Itches. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
KArtE and unique presents for the holiday* at
The Old Curiosity Store. IIS Oeary tsL. NAT i
HAPUAEL: novelties of every descrlpt ion.
WHITE ravne] iron beds, single, three-quarter
• or double. J2 ZS. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO. 1310-1512 Stockton ft., near Broadway.
Mrs nriirKs— Superfluous hair, mole* removed
by eject no noerilo. SGS Sutt«?r; t*l. Larkin 3171.
MASQUERADE rtwtumrs. play books, wies-
oountry orders. GOLnSTEIN & CO.. 7S3 Mrkt.'
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT
the best corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
£<:0 MEX wanted to order suits for SI n«r wmIc
XEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 KearnTs!
VMigfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
%^ d - yT d M P a^ U .t ft ° De8
rHYSIClAXS AND SURGEONS.
D iriu v- °' TO^ELlZo7fice and residence.
ica% Market el. between Sixth and Seventh!
I> Jre«TI O ifi G^? ilM - herb doctor - successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellla.
A^??« 5i OXG WO - herb doctor; sanitarium.
.64-. 66 Clay st.; ffo testimonials at office.
PLAMXG AXD TCKXIKG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
*nd Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. K Fremont it.
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE~iT~SONS. Real lEsUU
Agents. S Montgomery st.
Investments in a superior class of flats.
£2,500— Three of the finest flats in the Western
Addition; a NE cor.. 30x100; lower flat
has S rooms, bath, basement, servants'
room, play room; middle flat, 9 rooms
and bath; upper flat has 9 rooms, bath,
attic; this house does not look like flats;
total rents $175 a month ; a choice buy.
J19.C00— 3 nne new flat* on Eddy et.. close to
Van Ness; the very latest; street work
all done; electric cars passing; middle
and lower flats have 9 rooms and bath
each; upper flat, 10 rooms; total rents
tl"0 a month; close to town and will
always rent.
J1S, OOO-Lea venworth St.; 6 flats right down
town; rents $142 a month; a fine invest-
./ meat for present rents, and for future.
qi '400— Devi sadero st.. with electric cars pass-
ing; in rapidly improving neighborhood;
8 new flats, and 2 almost new; month-
ly rents $114.
fli,500— North side Pine st.. In good locality;
very fine three-story building In two
modern three-year-old flats, which
alone ccst $7300 to build: separate en-
trances to each flat, and has the ap-
pearance of private dwelling; very
artistically finished both inside and out-
eide; rents 1100 a month.
? 16,50-0 — Corner store, flat and two-story build-
ing in good portion of the Western Ad-
dition; 37 feet front; will always keep
rented; buildings only about eight years
old; cost over $12,000 to build; present
rents $121 50 monthly.
$11.:jO— Turk 6t.. only ten minutes from Mar-
ket St.; two front and two rear flats;
fronts on two streets: all In good order;
street work and sidewalk all done; elec-
tric cars passing; the rents are $90 a
month.
$10.500— Pierce-st. corner; two flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; rents $66 a month.
$10,^0— Hyde st., within easy walking distance
of any part of downtown; two flats of
5 and 6 rooms; rents $70 a month from
both; no doubt about these two flats
always renting.'
$9,750— West e'.de of Baker st.; two fine- flats of
S rooms and bath each; all modern con-
veniences; attic and basement; rente $40;
and $35, total $75 a month; cars at th».
corner: personal investigation Into these
two flats will convince buyer that it is
a sood buy.
$S,3iXi— Eddy st.; two flats of 8 and 6 rooms.
I7.C.V0— Baker st.. in fine locality; upper flat
has % rooms, rent $32 50; lower flat has
• 6 rocrns, rent $27 00; total rents per
month, ?60.
$7,000— Two flats about 3 years old. on Califor-
nia Et. ; 25xlS7 1 -2: fine locality; .6 and 7
rooms; rents JZT50 and $25; total rents
$;2 00; a good buy.
$8,500— Webster et.. half block to cars; two
flats finished only 3 months; flats laid
out in splendid style, and has all con-
veniences that suit tenants: lot 25x100;
sun front and back; 6 and 7 rooms; $30
and 125; total. $J5.
$6,000— Lea venwerth st., in good locality; close
to town, which tenants like in order to
avoid paying car fare; two flats of 6
rocnis and bath each; rents $45 a month.
J4.5C0 — Two small fiats, but new. on Sacramen-
to St.. near Central; rents $33 a month;
fine buy for person of moderate means.
FOR sale— Three lots in Mission <San Jose ave.
and Twenty-seventh ct.), $3000 for the 3; lots
at Ocean View from $100 to $400; lots at Bcl-
mont. $500 each; lots near Palo Alto at $300
each. Address box 25S3, Call office.
CORNER York and 19th Eta.— 2 flats; lot 2Sx91:
street work done; $3503; cash or installments.
Particulars see. Owner. 2300 Leavenworth st.
NEV." modern bouse 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; eun all day. Cor. Waller and Pcr-
trla sts.. bet. Fierce and Stelner.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For SsUe
—FOR SALE^NEAr" SAN FRANCISCO— 1
Small tracts, $60 to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California «t.. for pam-
phlets and information.
$2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. S04 acres: El
_ Dorado Co.. near R. It. Box 222. Call office.
i POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaloma. CaL
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
FOR sale or exchange for Alameda property;
lot 2sxll7:6: east line Dolores, near Twenty-
thlrd. Address box 2582. Call office.
FOR. SALE— New cottage 6 rooms, ready to
move in. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park et.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: M. cash. Bank of Ala
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITYALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— 100x100; price $600, in Installments.
Address 1S78 I4tli ave., Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HI8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1450— BARGAIN; fronts right on Telegraph
ave.; neat 5 rooms, bath; S2xl25; mortgage
$S00; must sell et once.
LAYMANCE HEAL ESTATE CO..
46a and 462 Eighth tt.. Oakland.
jyoO— IUCHT down town; bargain; good cot-
rape 7 rooms; corner lot, SO feet; eunny and
well located/ you cannot buy a similar lot
for the money; rents IIS; original coet $4500;
eaerifice that children may divide their sev-
eral interests at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth st., Oakland.
A DETERMINED effort to eell I new S-room
ho-i'cr; eacn has a flat loan of ?3C0d atd $3509;
location the choicest in Oakland: interior the
very latest: almort any terms; see at once.
.LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY MUST SELL.
A beautiful epeclally constructed home near
Senator Perkins', Piedmont; 8 rooms; elegant
interior: fine fixtures; $S00 worth 6-inqmhs"
old carpets; barn; large lot. 60x240: fronts 2
streets; choicest ehrubbertee; a perfect home;
cost $10,000; mortgage $5000: offered for $7250;
immediate removal compel* any reasonable
offer considered.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland.
CAPITALISTS INVESTIGATE.
{18,500 — Bier bargain in the finest business
corner in Berkeley; worth $2&,000; will be
worth 150,000; will pay fine interest. We have
a «pecial contract.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 4C2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
THE beet bargain yet offered In Oakland: a
nice cottar*- of S rooms and bath: large lot;
4 Ylthtn 14 blocks of City Hall; good location;
vJf^O fcr one week only; easy terms.
- E. E. BUNCE,
■ 95? Broadway.
S. M. DODGE & SON. — —
11C0 Broadway. Oakland.
SZ250 — Something extra nice in the wur of
a modern up-to-date, brand new borne In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot Wxl2$; 7 rooms
4U><! Lath. Call and let us chew you tola.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAXD COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat. S large rooms; electric ser-
vice throughout; Z coal and I gas grate; large
corner lot; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flower*; lot elevated; choice locality; will reut
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eighth stK.. come within 1 block. Call or
addi-esa 16S9 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES WASTED.
ABOUT S rooms, furnished, near car line; Ver-
non Heights. Address box 'J3C5. Call. Oakland.
j OAKLAND KL'lt.MTUHU »• Oil SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
famiture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
kooms rou iiousKttisKi'i.xu.
BUSlT~UWJ~{The Holland)— Just opened; few
tunny housekeeping aiiaxtments; fur'd or un-
fur'd; front suites. $30 up; electric lights.
baths, gas ranges and grates; phone East 667.
BUCHANAN. 604— Sunny front bay-window rra.,
with kitchen, ?l»; tinge and double bedroom.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny front parlor and kitchen for
hskpg. $20; basement suite, yd, laundry. $14.
FIFTH 3i3— Furnished housekeeping. 2. *IO; 3.
$.12; 3. |20; also single. $4 up^
JONES? 614— Parlor floor or 3 rooms, complete
for housekeeping; also front alcove, with
kitchen. ; _
LARKIN. . S19Vi— Large sunny housekeeping
room, gas stove, bath and phone. $12 a mo.
LARKIN. 819V4— Sunny front alcove rooms,
light housekpg; gas stove: bath; phone: $18 50.
MISSION. 845—2 large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping. . ■
OAK, 119—2 sunny large parlors; furnished;
heavy housekeeping; gas; 2 beds; $16.
SACRAMENTO, 1514— Two eunny rooms, nice-
ly furnished; private residence; light hskpg.
TWELFTH, li. near Market— 1 or 2 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $$.
TWO and 3 room suits, nicely furnished for
hskpg. 692 O' Farre!l and SOU Leaven worth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubEcriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et. >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. US Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)-Fur-
niebed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CAPP. 909% — Pleasant sunny furnished room;
use of bath; for 1 or 2; private family.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 310— Fine newly furnished front par-
lor; sunny; reasonable.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 403. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Tflrk
st.. near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
■week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-s-t. cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL FLORENCE. 102 Ellis st.— Sunny out-
fide rooms; single, $2 50; suites, $4 50 per
week; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
HOWARD, 728— Large room; good for house-
keeping; $12; also single front room, |7 month.
HOWARD. 761%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window room; others; reasonable.
HYDE. 841, nr. Sutter— 2 handsomely furnished
front rooms: private bath, toilet, hot and cold
water: everything new. ■
MINNA. 28— Sunny furnished rooms, single and
; double, 75c and $1 per week.
MONTGOMERY ave.. 16. top floor— New furn.
rooms; central; reasble; near Hall of Justice.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; dec. lights; day. week, mo.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 33c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month, JS to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 332— A sunny suite and singles.
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low.
SUTTER. J20H (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to V; singles. $2 to $5 per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
pTE^p^NT^OTEicr^irHns7^«ir^ecrT x '
Choice can now be made of these elegant.
well-appointed apartments which have every
desired comfort and convenience; excellent
: table; new and modern; location unsurpased.
THE IRVTNGDALE. 621 Eddy—Newly reno-
vated; new management; furnished rooms,
with board; excellent table; prices moderate.
ROOM and board for 2 In elegant furnished
home; eunshlne; billiard room and telephone.
25 Baker Et.
ROOM and board for a few gentlemen In San
M&teo: home cooking. Address Mrs. H, box
46, San Mateo.
HOTEL Niara. 615 Taylor— Nicely fur. rms.;
running water; excellent board; reasonable.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny rooms with
board. 316 Eddy st.
PINE. 793— Large parlor suite; also single
rooms; excellent board; very moderate.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other suites; table board.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;'
•xceilent table; special rates to tourists.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO furnished rooms for dental office; West-
ern Addition or Hayes Valley. Box 2613, Call.
RUPTURE SAMTARIUM.
RUPTURE cured at HUNTER'S SANITA.
RIUM. 1206 Market st.; treatment free; only
Invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
NOTICE— Abandoned children Jn Roman Cath-
olic Orphan Asylum, since July. 1900: Emma
Brelff, age 12 years; Carrie Bretg, age 8 years;
Ellsth Wlnthrop. asj 10 years; Grace Wln-
throp, age 9 years. ■
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery at., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWISC MACHINES AXD SUrPLIEi.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
; ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, exchange; re*
pairing; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
storage: and warehouses.
CUT rates on shipping, draylng, storing, insur-
ing furniture, etc. SMITH. 25 Market; phone
Main 1340.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; teL Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
eion St.: teL Howard 941. , F. W. ZEHFUSa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2820 Flllmore et ; phon» Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 723 Mission et.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN
■ell better machines lor less money than any
house In the city; rental*. 1 13. The Typewrlttr
Exchacgc. 636 California; telephone Main Hi.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmat» free. 209 Sansome.
WANTED-TO BUY.
ROOMING-HOUSE. 20 to 20 rooms; or to rent-
large unfurnished flat. M. S. Blount. 119 Jones.
DiyiDEXD KOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra CMtX^Water~C«mpanyC
roorn 16, second floor, Mills building— San
Francisco, December 3. 1901— Dividend. No. 19S.
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company, will be
payable at the office of euld company, room
16, second floor. Mills building, on December
15. 1901; transfer books will close on Decem-
ber 9, 1901, at 3 p. ra. EDWARD McGARY,
Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Tha Giant Powder Com-
pany,. Con. —A dividend, No. 38, of seventy-
five cents C75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company . has been declared
payable at the afftce of ■ the company, 435
California et.. San Francisco, on December
10. 1901. Transfer books close December
J. l»0L at noon. A. A. SPARKS, -Secretary.
■UjflhsBtfiMBEHMBMBRHnKQSHiIHfcJB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1901.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion tree; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3604.
PROPOSALS;
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome St..
San Francisco, Cal..' up to 10:30 o'clock a. m..
SATURDAY, December 21. 1901; and. opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
. tion Yountvilie), for six months commencing
January 1. 1902. and ending June 30. 1902.
Schedules with Information and instructions
for submitting- bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid. pay-able to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. '
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
-fornia, room 13. 320 Sansome st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary/
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
David Cereghlno, S3 549 Chestnut street, and
Vitorina Salvarezza, 22, 3011 Larkin street.
Joseph Julio, 33, 209 Leavenworth street, and
May Arthur, 21, 209 Leavenworth street.
John L. Corbett. 33. 1211 Stevenson street, and
Mary J. Crowlcy, 31. 6S Hermann street.
Gottfrld Persson, 24. 1031 Hampshire street,
and Pella Olson, 25, 1031 Hampshire street.
Isaiah E. Smith, 27, 54 Jackson street, and
Annie Lali. 27. 3021 Pine street.
Carl F. Assmann. 2S, : 222 Ninth street, and
Bertha Obrlst. 32, 224 Ninth street.
William J. Bowler. 21. 1325 Filbert street,
and Jessie A. S. Stephen. IS, 201$ Filbert st
Charles F. Doyle, Centralla, Wash., and
Annie R. C. Zlpser, 20, Los Angeles.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBNT.
FORTRO^-In this city. November 26, 1901, to
the wife of L. J. Fortro. a daughter.
~~~~~~ DIED. Z
Allyne. John W. Hannan, Patrick E.
Baumann, Anton Kinne, Frank A.
Baxter, David E. Leaman, Edward N.
Black. Annie E. Leech, Mrs. Fannie
Black. Peter R. McEvoy, Kate
Bowman, Lillle R. Mahan, Charles
Brennan, Margretta Neumiller. Geo. J.
Carleton. George H. Pllse, Albert K.
Catlln, Edgar ■ Ramsey, Neals
Chapman, Dr. Wm. Reid. Harriett C.
Collins. Hannah Ryan, John M.
Deacon. Fannie Schroder. Joseph H.
Dierks, Henry Serpa. Hazel L.
Donovan, Annie Stichel. Charles Jr.
Dutcher. John M. Straub. . Medard
Ellert. J. A. Truett, Frederick K
Farren, Andrew J. Warrington. Samuel
Gilhuly, Hugh Wilson, Esekiel
Gosliner, Aaron S. ' Wood. Edward L.
Crasser, Babette Wood, Margaret R.
ALLYNE— In this city, December 4, 1901. John
Winslow Allyne, beloved husband of Mary
N. Allyne. father of Lucy H. and Edith W.
Allyne. and brother of Mrs. Josiah Stanford,
a native of Brewster. Mass., aged 60 years.
ETFuneral services to-day (Saturday), at
11 o'clock, at the First Unitarian Church,
corner Geary and Franklin streets. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
BAUMANN— In this city, December 6. 1901.
Anton Baumann. beloved brother of Cas-
per, Joseph, Caesar, Catharine and Frank
Baumann, a native of Wassen, Canton Uri,
Schwelz, aged 52 years and 2 months.
C7 Remains at the parlors of H. F.'Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
• and Eighth.
BAXTER— In Oakland, at 1110 East Nineteenth
street, December 5, 1901, David Earle, soa
of David and Mary K. Baxter, a native of
Oakland, Cal., aged 8 years 11 months and
2$ days.
BLACK— In this city. December 6. 1901, Annie
E.. beloved wife of the late Asa J. Black,
mother of Asa J. and William Black, and
sister of John and William Hess, a native of
Canton Berne. Switzerland, aged 51 years 9
months and 2 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
. parlors of Theo. Dierks, 857 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, and thence to Odd
Fellows' Cemetery for cremation. \
BLACK— In this city, December 4, 1901, Peter
R. Black, beloved brother of the late Wil-
liam and Joseph Black, and beloved uncle of
Mrs. Dr. Luck of Sacramento. Hattle Black
of Berkeley and Mrs. I. G. Morey and the
late Charles Black, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 79 years 6 months and 26 days. A
member of Manzanita Tribe No. 4, I. O.
R. M. *
ICT Friends and acquaintances and members
of Manzanita Tribe No. 4, I. O. R. M., ar»
respectfully invited - to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from Red
Men's Hall. 320 Post street, where funeral
services will be held under the ausoices of
Manzanita Tribe No. 4. I. O. R. M. Re-
mains at the parlors of the Gantner & Guntz
Undertaking Company, 1209 Mission street,
between Eighth and Ninth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BOWMAN— In Oakland, November 6, 1901, Hi-
ll* Reed Bowman, widow of the late Eustace
P. Bowman, and mother of Lillian Walden
Williams, a native of New Hampshire, aged
75 years and 10 months.
BRENNAN— In this city. December 6, 1901,
Margretta, beloved wife of John -Clark Bren-
nan, ond dearly beloved and deeply mourned
mother of Joseph and Nicholas Brennan.
Mrs. Caddy M. Heuer and Mrs. Helen Freese.
Eyrhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
dwee. 2622 Goush street, thence to St.
Bri gid's Church for services. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAKLETON— In Oakland, December 5, 1901
George H., beloved husband of Henrietta
Carleton, son of Mrs. Eames Carleton, and
brother of Charles Carleton, a native of Bel-
fast, Me., aged 68 years S months and 17
days.
tCTFriendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the First
Congregational Church, corner Twelfth anil
Clay streets. Oakland. Services under the
auspices of Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F. and A.
M. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
CATLIN— In this city. December 6, 1901, Edgar
Catlin, a native of Connecticut, aged 68
years.
CHAPMAN— In this city. December 4. 1901. Dr.
William Lang ChaOman. father of Margery
Chapman, a native of New York, aged 42
years and 3 months.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the hall of . San
Francisco Lodge No. 3. B. P. O. Elks, 223
Sutter street. Please omit flowers.
COLLINS— In this city. December 5, 1901. Han-
nah, beloved wife of the late John Collins,
and mother of Mollie, Katie, Maggie and
Josle Collins, a native of Ireland.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 6:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of tho Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Brendan's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DEACON— In this city, December 6, 1901, Fan-
- nle, eldest daughter of -William and the late
Helen M. Deacon, a native of New York.
DIERKS— In this city, December 6. 1901, Henry
Dierks, a native of Germany, aged 75 years.
DONOVAN— In this city, December 5, 1801.
Annie beloved wife of Jeremiah Donovan,
mother of Daniel and William Donovan, and
sister of John and Bartholomew Dlnneen of
San Francisco and Patrick Dlnneen of Colo-
rado, a native of Garendrulge. County Cork,
Ireland, aged 47 years. nv
C7Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1524 Bryant- street, thence to the
Chutch of St. Charles Borromeo, where ser-
vices will be held at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUTCHER— In Alameda. December 6, 1901,
John Milo, beloved husband of Louisa Wood
Dutcher, and father of Mrs. J. B. Horton, a
native of New York, aged 65 years 11, mouths
and 23 days.
ELLERT— In Tulare, December S, 1901. J. A.
Ellert, beloved husband of Florence Ellert,
a native of New York, aged S3 years.
tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from . Red Men's
. Hall, 320 Post street, where funeral eervicea
will be held under the auspices of Monte-
tuma Tribe No. 77, Impd. O. R. M. Crema-
tion Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at
the funeral parlors* of Joseph Hagan, 1707
Sacramento street, near Polk. -j
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Plannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS.
20 Fifth «., opposite Lincoln School.
' - . Telephone South 80. - '
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
.Ean Mateo Counti^. . .'.' v' '
OFFICE «J6 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager. .
NEW FIRM OF Ui\Dti«TAKBRS.
Eamuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: M. J,
McBrearty. - with the same company for IS
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C/> O'Con-
nor & Co.. have- opened new Funeral I Par-'
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. ~ ; Telephone South 44,
FARREN— In this city, December 6, 1901, at
his residence, 500 Harrison street, Andrew J.
Farren, dearly beloved »on of Margaret A.
and John W. .Farren, a native of San Fran-
cisco. . - : " » •* - •
(C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. •
GILHULY— In this city, .December E, 1901.
Hush, father of James H., Hugh J. ■ and
Mary E. Gllhuly, a native ot Ireland, aged 07
years. ■ '.'■'• . ■ ■• ' "
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
at 8:30 o'clock, from hla late resi-
dence, 279 Clara street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of- his bouI at>9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOSLINER— In this city, December 5. 1901,
Aaron S. Gosliner, dearly beloved husband) of
Jennie Gosliner, and father of Mrs. H. Tol-
chard and Tlllie Gosliner, a native of Roga-
sen, Germany, aged 45 years 2 months and
19 deys.
ICyFriends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock," from his late resi-
dence, 1233 Bush street, between Hyde and
Larkin, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
New Salem Cemetery for interment.
1 OFFICERS and members of . the Journeymen
Butchers' Lodge No. 1— You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of Brother Sam
- Gosliner to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence, 1233 Bush Btreet. By
order of FRANK KRAUER, President.
BEN DAVIS. Rec. Sec. \ . -
GRASSER--In this city, December 6, 1901, Ba-
bette, beloved wife of Martin Crasser, a na-
tive of Canton Luzern, Schweia, aged 49
years 1 month and 18 days.
C7 Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137- Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
HANNAN-In thls-clty, December «. 1901, Pat-
rick E-, beloved husband of Mary Hannan,
and father of. Edmond, James and Richard
Hannan, : a native of County Galway. Ire-
land, aged 67 years. (Virginia City papers
please copy.)
B^Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 23% Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KINNE— At Fort Bayard. N. Mex.. December
1. 1901, Frank A. Klnne, late lieutenant U. S.
Marine Corps, son of C. Mason and Elizabeth
d'Arcy Kinne, a native of Boston. Mass..
aged 36 years 10 months and 20 days.
LEAMAN— In this city. December 6. 1901, Ed-
ward N. Leaman, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 63 years 6 months and 15 days. -
IC?" Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 11 o clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LEECH— In this city. December 5, 1901. Mrs.
Fannie Leech, wife of John Leech, and
• mother of Mrs. Liliie Sheehan. a native of
Louisiana, aged 58 years.
McEVOY— In this city, December 6, 1901, Kate,
beloved wife of William McEvoy, a native
of Dundalk, County Louth, Ireland, aged 50
years.
MAHAN— In Los Angeles, December 5, 1901,
Charles, - beloved son of Mrs. Annie Mahan
and the late William Mahan, and brother of
William Mahan and Clarissa Mahan, a. na-
i tlve of Halifax, N. S., aged 18 years.
NEUMILLER— In this city, December 6. 1901.
George J., dearly beloved son of Joseph and
Julia Neumiller, a native of San -Francisco,
aged 7 months and 10 days.
\ E7The funeral will take place to-day
v (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Jame? McMcnomey & Son, 1057 Mission
street, opposite new Postoffice. Interment
private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
PLISE— In this city. December 5, 1901. Albert
Elmo, dearly beloved son of W. V. Pllse and
Mary J. Pllse, and brother of Frederic C.
and Norma O. Plise, a native of Panama,
Colombia, aged 23 years 9 months and 8 days.
(New York and Panarsa papers please copy.)
G?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1641 Howard street, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
RAMSEY— In this city, December 6, 1901, Neals
Ramsey, beloved brother of Mrs. B. Pender-
son, a native of Norway, aged 64 years 2
months and 21 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler & Co., 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
REID— In this city, December 6, 1901, Harriett
Crabtree Reid (known as Mrs. ■ Walker), be-
loved mother of George and Edward Crab-
tree, a native of Canada, aged 83 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 266$ Mission street.
* Mission Masonic Temole, between Twenty-
Eecond and Twenty-third streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RYAN— In Oakland. December 6. 1901, John
M. Ryan, a native of Ireland, aged 82 years.
SCHRODER— In this city, December 5, 1901.
Joseph Henry, beloved husband of Liliie
Schroder, father of Harold Schroder, son of
J. -Henry and Elizabeth Schroder, and brother
8 of John Schroder, a native of San Francisco,
aged 33 years 6 months and 22 days.
BT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 -Mission street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Mission Parlor No. 38, N. 8. G. W.
Interment private. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SERPA— In thia city, December 6. • 1901, Hazel
L., dearly beloved daughter of Frank and
Louisa Serpa, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 10 months and 7 days.
STICHEL— In this city. December 6. 1901.
Charles Stichel Jr., beloved son of Charles
and Katie Stichel, and brother of Amelia.
Lythla and Annie Stichel, a native of Bal-
timore, aged 18 years 8 months and 6 days.
STRAUB— In this city. December 6, 1901. Med-
ard Straub, a native of Blienchweiler, Al-
sace, aged 53 years.
tC7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Gunts Undertaking Company.
1209 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRUETT— In Los Angeles, December 4, 1901,
Frederick K. Truett, beloved son of Fred-
erick G. and Anna E. Truett, and brother of
Daisy, Olive and Walter Truett. a native of
California, aged 34 years.
(C7"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company, £2 Mint ave-
nue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WARRINGTON— In this city, December 6, 1901,
Samuel Warrington. beloved and only son of
Mrs. and the late Samuel Warrington, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 years.
WILSON— In this city, December 6, 1901,
Ezekiel Wilson, beloved husband of the late
Louisa C. Wilson, father of the late Henry
C. and Clara L. Wilson, and brother of Stell-
man Wilson of New Milford. Conn., a native
of Warner, N. H., aged 85 years 1 month and
30 days.
ETFrlends and acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 453 Fourteenth avenue, near Point Lo-
bos avenue.
WOOD— In this city, December 4. 1901, Ed-
ward Lovett Wood, beloved husband of Edltn
Wood, father of Juanita Wood, brother of
Arthur R. and Jesse B. Wood and Mrs. Dr.
George G. Gere, and son of the late Sarah
Louiso Wood, a native of New York, aged
41 years 5 months and 9 dayB.
BfyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1187 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, where services
will be held under the auspices of Court Jus-
tice No. 16. F. of A. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery, by electric funeral car. .
WOOD— In Alameda. December 6. 1901, Mar-
garet Radcllffe Wood, beloved sister of Mrs.
Gertrude Cochran and Mrs. Julia Field, a
native of Connecticut, aged 63 years and 10
months.
HARMONY Lodge No. 9. A. O. U. W.—Ottl~
cers and members are requested to assemble
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at 122 Eddy
Btreet, to pay the last tribute of respect to
' our deceased brother, J.'J. Vanderllp.
F. A. WORDEN. M. W.
D. McSWEENEY. Recorder. h
Shanahan Florist Go/
7\RTISTIC PLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. \
107 POWELL ST.NtAftELLIS VSSf. 505(5
HOTEL -ABRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE
F H Hussey, Pt Reyes |C T Moss. Palo Alto
J B Tallman. Oakland W H Wetsher, Chicago
A V Johnston. Fresno H Goodwin, Quincey ,
B C Van Wayman, Cal F Hallenbeck. Quincey
E C Van Wayman, Cal E J Southworth Minn
G A Wassins, Xichols C Trlmlngham, Sunol
O McGeo & w, Petrolla Miss M Steckan Oakld
W P Kelley & w, Cal E M Jones. San Jose
.Mrs L J Anderson, Nev J McArthur. Alameda
C e Marten. Nevada S E James, Cal
E Sanders, Delta- - Mr & Mrs Eaton, Cat
L Mayer, St Louis Mrs Blackburn, Stockn
L Y Gilbert. St Louis A E Johnson," Nome
J A Hutchingon & w.jS H Martin. San Jose
Oroville Miss Martin, San Jose
A'Stent, OrovllI* • J Gridley. Petaluma
W D Cdlloway, Sacto S Howard. Knights Ld
F Monahan & fm. Cat H Helm, Mill Valley
C Qulgsle, Gait [Mrs Workingham. Ill
E Stearns,- Log Ang . iJ Saunders, Chlcajto '
E B Willis, Bacto I H S Alflon. San Jos«
J E Casey, Cal ■ |J Meyers, San Joie
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs J R Case, Chgo J Haranger,. W Va
J McKown, Montana H B. Henry, Wheeling
R Duff. Corvallls R Menges & w, S Jose
G W Kennedy. Portlnd J H Rand, Seattle ■
B Church. Seattle Q Sylvester, Berkeley
L Lawson, Seattle K Lllltmjton, Courtln'd
C J Rheln, Sacto, J A Donahue, San Jose
C E Peterson.- Seattle H T Benson. San Jose
F J Edwards. Oakland R Tyler, Los Ang
A P Turwell & fam, E J Frey, N Orleans
Tacoma .. *--.•. >- : :, i .
Violates the Game Law.
> L.Leon, poultry dealer, California mar
ket, was \ arrested- yesterday j by Deputy
Game Warden Walsh and i booked at the
City Prison on the charge of having in
his possession more. than fifty wild ducks
on one day.v Hewaa released on -|25 cash
bail.: , . ■ ■ .
WOMAN HEARS
DREAD CHARGES
Jane Toppan Listens to
Indictments of Grand ,
Jury.
Former Nurss Accused of
Having Poisoned Three
Persons.
BARNSTABLE. Mass.. Dec. 6.-Mlss
Jane Toppan of Lowell stood up in the
Superior Court room late this afternoon
and heard . the Grand Jury's indictment
charging her with the murder of three
persons whom she had been engaged to
nurse back to health, but who had died
under her charge, and, according to the
indictment, by her band.
The indictments, and there are three
one' charging her with the death of Mrs.
Mary D. Gibbs, a second with the death
of A. P. Davis, both of Cataumet, and
the third with that of Mrs. Genevieve
Gordon of Chicago — alleged that the cause
was . the administration of poisonous
drugs. . ■
For ten minutes the woman stood tight
ly clutching the rail while the clerk read
the .Indictment charging her with the
murder of Mrs. Gibbs. At length Miss
Toppan's counsel spared her further
agc.ny by waiving the reading, and all
that remained was for her to plead.
Three times she was asked if she was
guilty of the murder and three times she
replied, "Not guilty."
After the woman had entered her plea
her counsel asked that the State appoint
counsel for her, and Chief Justice Mason,
who presided, took the matter under ad
visement. •
Miss Toppan was then led away to her
cell, where she will remain until some
time early next spring, wnen she will be
given a trial by jury.
Saloon-Keeper Found . Asphyxiated.
Peter Ramsay, proprietor of the Cape
Nome saloon on Jackson street, near
Montgomery avenue, was asphyxiated in
his bed last Thursday night at 716 Mont
gomery street, where he lodged. Th$ land
lady Informed the Deputy Coroner that
Ramsay frequently went to his room in
an intoxicated condition and that he
came home very late on Thursday night.
He had removed his coat and shoes only
before he lay on the bed. His dead body
was found at 11 o'clock yesterday morn-
Ing, the room being filled with illuminat
ing gas and the stopcock of the gas
burner being turned fully on. An inquest
will be held.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 2H 2%| Pacific Light.. « —
Equit G L Co. 3% 3% Sacramento ...*■ — 40
Mutual — 5 S F G & E.... 43 43%
Oak G L & H. SI — San Francisco. 614 h\b
Pac Gas Imp. 39% 40 Stktn G & E.. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fund.240 — J
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 79>4 — , L P & A.. ....ISO 175
California 410 412 Mer Ex (llq).. 18^ —
Cal Safe Dep.. 109^112% S F Natlonal.130 —
First Nationl..320 — I .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1925% — Sav & Loan... — 90
Humboldt — — Security Sav.. 300 340
Mutual Sav... 66 — (Union Trust. .1800 —
S F Sav U....525 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California 112 150 .OSL&H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio ..;.... M% —
Market S9'i 89^1
POWDER.
Giant .......... ii% 86 JVigorlt — 4%
SUGAR. , ,
Hana ...3% 5 Kilauea .......— 13
Hawaiian .... 35 — Makawell 23 24
Honokaa 10^4 10V4 Onom'ea 23 .23%
Hutchinson ... Wk 15 Paauhau VPA 10>i
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 155 — Oceanic S Co. 46% SO
Cal Fruit Asn.'— 100 Pac Aux FA. 2% —
Cal Wine Asn. 88 90 Pac C Borax.. 165 —
Mer Exchngc.110 — Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 155 00
50 Alaska Packers' Assn, 8 90 155 50
65 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 35 00
50 Market Street Railway 89 00
11000 Market St R. R. Con 5 per ct bds.122 75
35 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 43 00
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 41 50
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 41 62%
5 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 41 75
20 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 41 87%
50 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 42 61%
40 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 42 50
10 San Fran Gas & Electric Co, a 90.. 43 50
20 Spring Valley Water 87 50
Street— ,
10 Bank of California .....412 00
10 Honokaa S Co 10 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers* Assn, s 90 156 00
30 Alaska Packers' Assn 156 00
$3000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per cent.107 75
195 Market Street Railway 89 50
20 Paauhau S P Co 10 23
40 Pacific Gas Imp ,.40 00
125 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 43 73
■ 75 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co 43 00
25 San Francisco Gas & Electric Co.... 43 12%
13000 S F & S J V bonds 123 53
30 Spring Valley Water 87 60
Street— . .
J40QO Northern Ry of Cal S per cent bds.121 50
, '•* PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— . « •
500 Cala-Standard 19
FO El Dorado 20
100 Home * 30
100 Kern 5 12%
500 Petroleum Center 03
1500 Petroleum Center 04
300 Pittsburg 10
400 Reed Crude * 34
Street— ;
1000 Plttsburg 12
1000 Independence, 08
. Afternoon Session.
Board— '
100 Cala-Standard ..., 19
1 Hanford ! 93 00
1 Hanford, a 90 92 00
2000 Lion, b 60 08
75 Lion 07
200 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 18
500 Pittsburg 11
175 Senator 60
400 Sterling .115
400 Sterling, b 60 117%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. .Mornins Session. .
300 Best & Belcher 15 500 Mexican ' 14
100 Chol'.ar 03 500 Ophir 03
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60 2000 Potosi 02
100 Qould & Curry. C6
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 13, 400 Overman, 02
700 Best & Belcher 13" 300 Sierra Nevada. 07
. 800 Ophir 67' 800 Utah 06
■ The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
. Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher 14t 200 Ophir ........... 69
1000 Best & Belcher' 13 j 500 Overman 03
200 Caledonia IS! 500 Overman 02
300 C C & Va 1 60(1000 Potosi 02
200 C C & Va....l 62%! 300 Sierra Nevada. C«
BOO Gould & Curry." 06 200 Sliver Hill, 29
250 Hale & Nor.... 13 j 100 Silver Hlli...... 30
400 Mexican'. 13 500 Union Con 10
. 200 Mexican 14!
Afternoon Session.
1000 Belcher ........ 03 300 Hale & Nor....:iS
700 Best & Belcher 14 400 Mexican ........ 13
600 Best & Belcher 13 -100 Ophir 63
'800 Challenge Con.. 10 100 Ophir ;..:.." 67
600 Chollar 03 400 Sierra Nevada. 07
:00C p & Va...,162%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Dec «— 4 p.m.
r Bid.Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha .....— 02 Justice 01 02
Alta ...05 06 Kentuck — 02
Andes ..;....... 01 .03 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher..: 02 03 Mexican ........ 13 14
Best & Belcher, 18 14 Occidental 02 04
Bullion .02 03 Ophir 67 «S
Caledonia • H \ W Overman 03 ' OS
Challenge Con.. 09 10 Potosi Of- 03
Chollar 03- 04 Savage 03 03
Confidence 55 60 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65 Seg Belcher.... — 02
Con Imperial..." — 01 Sierra Nevada. 06 08
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill...... 27 28
Crown Point... 01 02 St Louis ■ — 04
Eureka Con..., 14 — Standard ..3 50 3 85
Exchequer ..... — 02 Syndicate 05 .0?
Gould & Curry. 06:j 07 Union Con...... ©9 \\
Hale & Nor.... 11 12 Utah '.;......... ?05 06
Julia ........... - 01 Yellow Jacket:. « 07
SPEAKS WELL
FOR THE NEGRO
Georgia Bishop Makes a
Strong Appeal for
the Race.
Education in Industrial Lines,
He Says, Is Needed
Most.
ROCHESTER, N. Y., Dec. 6.— The third
day's session of the Episcopal Missionary
Conference opened with holy communion
In the churches. This was followed by a
conference on recognized agencies in sSt-
Luke'a Church. The Right Rev. George
W. Peterkln gave an interesting address
on "The Clergy," and was followed by
John W. Wood on "The Laity." Tne
Kev. Dr. H. L. Dunning was the third
speaker of the morning, taking the sub
ject of 'The Children."
This afternoon the subject, "What We
Are Doing for the Negro," was treated
by Bishop C. Kinlock Nelson of Georgia.
He made a strong appeal for the educa
tion of the colored race along industrial
lines. He declared emphatically that
there is no decent, capable negro in the
South to-day who need be witnout work
lor twelve hours. Continuing, he said:
"The Southern people as a class have
no sympathy with the outrages that are
perpetrated. The best of them are op
posed to the disregard for law and order
tfeat is sometimes manifested, and I wish
to warn you against believing all you
read about the, enormities that are chron
icled. Too often these are the products
of the imagination of sensational news
papers and have no foundation in fact!"
In closing Dr. Nelson said that the con
tributions that have been made for the
prosecution of work among the negroes
in the South had been deplorably inade
quate.
Bishop Kinsolving of Brazil said that
when he went to that republic he found
himself in a land of spiritual death,
among 18,000.000 people, four-fifths of
whom were utterly illiterate, and that
practically the same conditions prevail
to-day.
The growth of our work in Brazil,
however," said Dr. Kinsolving. "and the
growth of our church and the liberality
pf the native Christiana have no parallel
In history. '
IROQUOIS CLUB MUST BE
ABSOLUTELY DEMOCRATIC
Faithful Members Are Required to
Vote Straight Party Tickets in
All Elections.
The Iroquois Club held a lengthy meet
ing last night at its headquarters in
Pythian Castle building.
The principal business of the 1 evening
wa3 the proposed amendment to the pre
amble of the club's constitution, to strike
out the word "municipal" in the clause
which pledges the members to support
Democratic principles in "national, State
and municipal elections." The supporters
of the proposed amendment argued that
it was impossible to force members to
vote a straight party ticket in municipal
elections, while the opponents of the
measure claimed that to allow the club
members to vote as they pleased in local
affairs would result in the destruction of
the Jeffersonian party. The amendment
was lost, as it failed to secure the requis
ite two-thirds' vote.
The committee on public utilities of the
club presented a report suggesting that
the Democratic clubs, the labor organiza
tions and the Improvement clubs each
have six members added to the body. The
majority of the members present opposed
selection -by the committee of the repre
sentatives from the bodies named and the
matter was referred back to the spec'al
committee for another report.
The . following were placed in nomina
tion for election as officers for the ensu
ing year: President. J. B. Keenan; vice
president, J. C. Gorman; first vice presi
dent, W. H. Kline; recording secretary,
E. R, Zion; corresponding secretary, H.
L>. Beanfield; financial secretary, A. G
Pratt; treasurer, W. A. Asmussen.
For trustees, seven to be elected— W J
Bryan. L. Metzger. Charles Glldea. A. D.
Lemon, C. J. R. Buttlar, A. Leaf, L V
Merle, W. J. Locke and C. W. Moores.
DEAJTH RESULTS FROM
ACCIDENTAL SHOOTING
Samuel Warrington, a Young Ma
chinist, Succumbs to a Bullet
Wound in the Stomach.
Samuel Warrington, the young- appren
tice employed in the machine shops ut
the Union Iron Works who was accident
ally shot' in the stomach Thursday after
noon, died last night at the Central Emer
gency Hospital.
The accident that cost young Warring
ton his life occurred on board the steamer
Spokane, With a companion named Allen
Lock, Warrington was at work on tha
vessel. Lock, on seeing a pistol in War
rington's. tool box, requested permission
to examine it. While making the exam
ination the revolver was accidentally dis
charged and the bullet lodged in Warring
ton's stomach. - v .
Warrington was removed to the Central
Emergency Hospital, -where Dr. Murphy
removed the bullet from the left side di
rectly over the hip joint. The pistol from
which the fatal shot was fired has been in
Warrington's possession since the late
strike.
TOLD STORY OP EABLY
DAYS IN SAN FBANCISCO
Interesting lecture by Miss Lucile
Eaves Before South Park
Settlement.
Miss L.uclle Eaves, formerly teacher of
Pacific Coast history in Stanford Univer
sity, . delivered an interesting lecture on
the subject, "Early Days In San Fran
cisco," under the auspices of the South
Park Cottage Settlement at 86 South Park
last night. A large audience was in at
tendance.
The lecturer told the romantic story of
early San Franciaco in a graphic manner.
She pointed out how the pioneers, like
Caesar, - came, saw and conquered. Ily
the aid of stereopticon views the history
of the early days of the city was compre
hensively Illustrated. Views of the plaza,
the water front, historic structures, some
of which are still to be seen, together
with scenes during the vigilance periods,
served to render the lecture enjoyable as
well as instructive. The story told by
Miss Eaves began with the days of '43
and ended with a general purvey of the
city in 1856.
WOOD-WORKERS GIVE 8MOKER.— Th«
Amalgamated Wood-workers' Union. Local No.
147, 'gave a smoker last Thursday night at its
new meetinR-rooms In the Turk-street Tem
plc. ; 7
BAIXWAY TKAVEL.
[10RTH PACIFIC COAST RAILED
Via Sausaltb* Fan*
Commencing September Z», 1901. :
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55. «:3Q. »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
EXTF.A TRIPS-For Mill VaTl.y and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:20 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«8:00 •»:». 11:30 a. m.. itU.
..f 5 .4:45 6:30, 9:30 p. m. ~>,
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-'3:25. 1:27. 7:45. «:35. w?U
a 'mT. *12:25, 2H3, »J:35. 4:40. i:30 p. m. ' W-U
EXTRA^ TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and »:5o p. m.
SUNDAYS-6:15, -8:00. -iO;W. 11:45 a. m
•l;40 •J;15,-4:45, *6:J0 p.,vcu .
Trains marked (•) start from 8an Quentln '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. S:tt, 7:53. 1:55. 10:30 aTnv
12 35 t:45. 3:50. B:10 p. m. •• «••
EXT.HA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *:0S. 10:05 a. m.. 12:06. 1:15. a-33
E:CO 6:45 P. oi.
THROUGH TRAINS.
- C:» *,.ni. week day»— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. -
' 1:43 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. '• ■ . . :
-8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. .:-. •■- , . , . .
Legal Holiday beats and trains will rua on
Sunday time.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train l*Wv« ami mr« «••«•• •«» nrrli* mi
man riuN«:i.M:o.
(Main Line. Foot of M»rk«t Street)
LXATB — FBOU DlCKXBia 6. 1301. — ARKITi
7:OOa Benida. Suuuu, Elmirs and Sacra-
mento.... a>.vip
■JsOOa. Taeaville. Whiten, Romany ?iS3r
«:3oa Mtrtitiez.SttuUaiunn.VaUejo.NM>*.
Caliab'ga ami .Santa, Unit Oi33r
8:0«A DaTls, Woodland. KuigDU Laadlnf.
■M»rrs»il)e. orotiile. . 7l33r
■ iOOi Atlantic Kxpresn-OgdeH aad East *!«t
»:«»* Kites, Lathrop. Stockton ~:S3r
S:<H>.t Nlles, M-ndota, Hanford. VU*li*,
PorterTille 4:33*
StSttA Shasta KxprcM— Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Spring*!. Willow*. £»d
Blufl. Portland. ?>SSr
■•3a>» Han Jos*. Lliermore, .Stockton,
- Inu«. ftaerameuto, Plserrville,
M»nr»*lll«. Chlen. Ko.l Itluff 4sS.tr
N:an* CHkilalr, Chinese, Soni>r». Tuelurane 4:'1.1r
»!«»» lUyward, Mirs aud Way SUUous.. 1 1:A3*
»iOOi Vsilejo 12t23r
- U:oo» lm Angeles Erpna* — Martinez,
Tr»cr. L»U.r<u». .Stockton. Mt-rceil
Kreotio »ml Los Aiiaeles 7sS3a
»::i»* YaIIi-k Martinez suit Wsy Htitloni 7i3Sf
I0:0«A Th« Overland IJuiited-Ogdeii, L'en-
Ter. Omaha. Chicago j 1iS3p
tlt«M>F8acraia«iitffKl>«r.<U«au»is |llsOO*
SiO»r Benlcia, Whiten. • Haaramenlo,
Wu<Mi!»iia. KiiIkIiU I«ndfa>(.
ftUrjmiUr. <>ro>ills „ IHiS.ii
3:30p Harvard. Nil's ami Way .Stations. . ~:H3 r
4i«Op Mai tin../.. Han llauion, Tsllejo.
Nap*. «!nll«tiiKi». Saute ltn«» »)53y
4:00p Nile*. Lirermoro, Stockton. Lo.ll... 12'i-ip
4i»<tr Hti-wanl. Mien. San .l.,»e, Li»»rinore f.H:f»AA
4:3Ur The Orel Limited— ri«ii.o. Tulate,
HakersfieM. Hang.is for Santa liar-
baxa, Los Atink*.. ............... Mi33a
Stoop Port Costa, Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton 1 o:23a
3:00? Martinrz. AnUoch, Stockton. Jlei-
ced. Fresno .—..,.... I>i33r
•:«Or lUr ward, Nile* ami X»h Jotr 7>.13a
t«:O»p Valti»J»... 11:23*
«iOOp Oriental Msll— Ogifon. Denter.
OmaUa. St Louis, Chicago 4s33«
?:O»p Oc«ko» aud California K*i»*u. Mao-
rimuMito. M*r)-»>lll«. Ktnl.thiK.
I'oitliin.l, Titgnt Htjtn.il nml Kant S;3>1*
■itt.VSan Pablo. Port CorU. MirUarz
aml Way MUtions.... 1I:*."»A
IINOflp Vall*}» 7l33r
COAST IjIN'E (Harrow C.ao K e).
j (root «t Mnrket Street.) i
ftilSA NeirarM>nUrti:it>.Naii.J<u«,l | V(t<in.
MoiiUloi Cruok.Saftt*. Crux aud Way
Stations 3:3t»p
t*ilar Mewuk IWsullle. San Jus* Ni.w
Almailen, Fnltiin. IIimMar l.'reek.
Saota Cius ami 1 riaeii>*l Way
SUtloua I«i.-M»*
4«l»p Newark, Han Jom». !*• Gates {StS**.
«9.3iip Hunters' Train— Saa Jcsa ami Way
Stations !?-«•»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Froa SIS HUICISCO— Fort of Mukit Street (Slip 8)—
tV:15 »:«O 11:00».U. 1:03 ]:i)0 8:13r.*.
rrtaOlIUlB— F«*t *f B (M 4«aT.— 1«:08 >tf : 0O tS:M
10;00».». 12C3 a.OQ fcMr.M.
COAST LjlXE (ISroa.l (i.tn R e).
" (Third mid Townaeml Sta.) _£_""_-
«: I«»a San Joe and Way Htatiana......... «H4e-A
7:«4»A Han Jotsuml \V»y .Stutitnts f*<*«V
/7:»«» New Almadeu / +x\*f
»:O»a Coast line Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Obispo.
Santa Barbara, Lo» Angeles and
principal Infermediattrtitions.... 10:4Sf>
ViOOa Han Jimo. Tim I'inos. Manta K'xwr.,
Faeiiie liioi «. ttalinas. fian Lais
Obispo and Principal intermedUta
Stiiti.ins I,,, ,„., 4>IOt
JOi3«a San Jcse and Wsy Stations.... I^SSa,
■ ltSttA Hau Jon aiul Way Ktatiaua »»*«*
t3rl»r Bait Matt... lledwootl. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. SauU Clara. Kau Jose.
Tres Pino», Hauta <;iuz. Salinas.
Maui« e) >».t 1-ncUle Unit. |i«lt«3a
3:3Bp Han .Jos. am! W»y yutimia. l»a»p
♦ I: ISf San Jose ami Principal Way Muttons. 3t4op
4:3 Or Sunset Limited— Mondays. Wednes-
days. Ttidaja. for La* Angelas, El
Paso New Orleans and Nev York.
Arrive* Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays 1i»:13a
t-1:«»p San Jam, Los Gatoa and Principal .
Way Stations « t»,o<»»
5:30p Sau Jnsa aud Principal Way Stations «J:3»p-
•taop gan Jo*» ami Way.HUainns ?«3»p
1:00 r Xew Orleans Eiprew— San Lais
Obispo. Santa, lUrhara. Lob Ab>
geles. D-mine. £1 Faao, New Qr»
le vis aud E*at 7«3Oa
allffSp San Jna»»iui War -Stations t:^Op
A for Morning. P for Atkeoaoon. T*
t Similar cxc«i>ted_ J SuniUf only.
_« Saturday onl^ J _Tueaday j and Friday*^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
6an Francisco to Saa Rafaal.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33
1:30. 5:19, 4:30 p. ra. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11: JO p. m, Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:S»
and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:J0t U:0O a. nu; 1:30, t:3».
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
6«a Rafasl to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20. UM *. m.; »:«,
J:4O. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5»
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-.:*); »:«l WJO a. m.; V.ta. «:«,
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrm
San Francisco. [April 28. 1301. [ San Franctacq
Week I Sun- I I Sun- i Week
Days. | days. 1 Destination. \ days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 1:40 an
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
»:10pm t:00pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 an
5:00 pm Healdsburv. 10:40 am
Lytton,
Geyservlll*.
1:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm «:» pm,
7:30 am 6:00 pm Hopland, 10:40 am 10:25 an
5:30 pm 8:00 am and Ukiah. T:35 pm *:Mpm
7:30 am 10:10 am 10:23 am
9:00 am GuernevlJle. 7:33 pm
1:30 pm 6:00 pm S:20pm
7:30 am 1:40am Sonoma 9:15 am S:Wui
and
6:10 pm »:0apm Glen Ellen. 6:85 pm 6.-»pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am(10:25 «n
1:30 pm| 6:00 prn| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| t:H> pm
Stages connect at Santa, Rosa for Mark W«sc
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultea
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserrille for Skagsa Springs; at Glov«rdala
for tho Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah tor Vichy Springs, Sara too*
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Wltttr ■
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lterley*s. Bucltneirs.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
: port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
; Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen"». Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka. • - ■_• -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
' On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronlcl*
U H. cfwHlTlNO. R. X. RYAN.
Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrt'd Local
, Dally Daily Dally Dally
Lr. Ean Fran 7:S>a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 o
Ar. Stockton. 1O:1S a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:14 o
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a, »:U p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:03 a
- Vlsalla.... *:89p «:00 a
" Bakcrsfld. (:1a p 5:20 p 7:43 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
■" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
3:C0 a. m. train U the California. Lim-
ited, carrying Palaca Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local tlrst-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are .honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrivaa at 12:M
p. m. dally.
8:00 p- m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Car* to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which euts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at S:tt> p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrive* at 8:40 a. in. daily.
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1H2 Broadway. Oak-
land.
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
L*ave VU Sausalito Ferry Amve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
0-SO a. 8:U0a. rj. . bWbi k , T « u T jo 1.00 r. !/;4j a.
|1:15 p. •-»-*'<H>w» ! * 5.33,,.
*u*. In rraete* * Summit tni TUn.ru. It ».
Bekrt Oflc~, til HABJUCT ST&JEZT «n4 SiCSAlXTO ISMX,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
620 KEAB.VY ST. Eatablbbod
In 1994 for the treatment of I'rivatn
Blseiwn, Lmt Man buixi. DaMllt.T or
rti<wtas« wearinjrnn body anil mind aad -
Skin Dlseaaos. The Doc torcn»eswU»«
others fall. Try him; Charge* low.
<'orf«snnrnhtf«'U. Call or writ*
An 4* JT. wiBKO.V. ttau Fraucbco. CaL _ ■
1314
ApVEBTISEMElfTS.
Do Yo\i Wish
the Finest Bread
It is conceded that Royal
Baking Powder is purest and.
strongest of all baking pow-
ders, absolutely free from alum,
ammonia and every adulter-
ant. "Royal" makes the best
and most wholesome food.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK.
PAVILION SITE
FOR A LIBRARY
Supervisors' Committees
Favor Purchase at
$650,000.
The Judiciary and Public Utilities com
mittees of the Board of Supervisors held
a joint meeting yesterday and finally de
cided to report in favor of the purchase
of the Mechanics' Pavilion property as a
Bite for the Carnegie library at a cost of
£30,000.
This proposition, with many others, will
be voted upon by the people at a special
election to be held under the provisions of
the charter. The committees discussed
the various matters at length and made
recommendations which must meet the
approval of the board before being sub
mitted to the electors of the city and
county for their votes.
The library site matter occasioned little
discussion. A resolution approving the
site was adopted some time ago, but on Its
reference to the City Attorney that official
found flaws in it which necessitated fur
ther action. The clerk of the board was
instructed to draft a resolution in accord
ance with the City Attorney's instruc
tions. As a majority of the board was
present it goes without saying that the
resolution will be adopted. If the acquire
ment of the Pavilion site for the sum
named is satisfactory to the public the
gift of Carnegie of 5750,000 for a free libra
ry building will be realized within the
next two years.
Proposed Public Playground.
The matter of acquiring half of the
block bounded by Sixth, Seventh, Harri
son and Bryant streets for a public plav
ground was favorably discussed. The half
of the block extending from Harriet to
Seventh was declared by the Board of
Works to have a value of $361,000, and the
committee decided to report in favor of
acquiring the property for the sum and
purpose named. This proposition must be
passed upon by the electors before the ob
ject is finally attained.
Several ladies of the California Club ad
dressed the committee in favor of beauti
fying Telegraph Hill, and they urged that
the recommendations of City Engineer
Grunsky in this connection be carried out.
The purchase of property rights on the
hill was urged, and the committee agreed
to refer the matter to the voters
The acquisition of the old Jewish Ceme
tery property, on Guerrero street, by the
city, was considered with favor by the
committee, and the matter will likewise
be. submitted to the people for their rejec
tion or approval.
Street Paving to Be Delayed.
The proposition of providing for new en
gine houses was not favorably acted UDon
Supervisor Comte said that if too many
propositions were placed before the voters
at one time they might retaliate by de
feating them all. It was decided not to
present this matter until two years hence
The matter of doing street paving on a
more extensive scale was deferred for a
similar period.
The completion of the Dewey boulevard
was also discussed and it was agreed to
report in favor of a resolution asking for
an extension of two years' time for the
Vi, 00 * 1^! 6^ 118 part of the contract
with the Adolph Sutro estate.
A. resolution was adopted requesting the
.Merchants Association to meet with the
committee next Friday and give its views
■upon the various matters passed upon bv
the committee. It is understood that no
proposition will be submitted to the people
if it can be shown by the association that
5?« C^ n K as « u 7\i f aaoPtea b >' Popular vote,
would be injurious to the city at large
Supreme Court Decisions.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that John BresIIh Is not compelled by law
to pay the expenses of his brother Wll
«iam at the Napa Insane Asylum, even
though he Is the legal gruardian. Frank
Ixjpez. convicted of assault with intent to
kill and sentenced to ten years at San
Quentin. m«st. under the decision of the
Supreme Court, pay the penalty for his
f^ m f • He fPpealed on the ground that
tne Judge of the lower court charged the
jury in a manner contrary to la\r. but
the Supreme Court decided against him.
... A3PVESTTSEMENTS.
.^^^^^' Furniture for
viirisinias
W^^^&j^^^3^^&£r^^^^^ Is Found «t Our Store in Bi£ Variety.
-^^^^^VA/fELtffegLlliHa THE DESKS. TABLES. EASY CHAIRS,
ggSSgg^ S EXxlM1o^ TA^E^ind
1 -^Sli^^LMV. 'KvLV/i^S 0R FURNITURE, etc.. that we show com-
f^5^W*^ ■^f/\ffrVl¥i t useful and beautiful, and make the
P^^^MM^^^m Wc Have Made "the Prices
'^^S^Mfe^iK f ttrac tivc on Our New Goods.
&£2&^\Ujk W^^MF^k-- r° u £ atent Dav enport, Divan and Chair Fold-
?s * ■■*^^ &%£, <fm? e est on ear th. Before buying any
" jjr other folding bed It will pay you to call and
Big Discounts on Many and r^LTo
Desirable Articles fon^sh. Ag"'"*-
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO. 1016 »**'■>
TELEPHONE SOUTH 37I ,
DR.MCMLTY.
TniS WErJrKSOWN AND EKLIABLE OLD
muSh 1 ™"' l **: n » l "»J,} v »*tne8», Impotence and tbelr
allied JpisorU«rB. JJook on XHseao^s of Men, tree
<Jvcr20>-«an(Vxperiei<ce. Tern" reasonable. Hour*.
»W3d*l!r;6:30t»8.TOPV 1 CJ».SundHys,10to g Consul'
UtlonfreeaadsacredlyconfldentlaL Call oraddreu
F. ROMCOE aicXULTY, M.D.
»C# Kearny SU, Han f ranciseo, Cal.
STATUTE FAVORS
AMERICAN SHIPS
Foreign Steamers Will
Lose Large Share
of Business.
By. the terms of a telegram received
yesterday from the Treasury Department
the O. and O. and the Japanese lines of
steamers, being foreign bottoms, are pro
hibited from carrying freight from the
Philippines to this port.
The clause of the statute under which
the decision was made reads as follows:
No merchandise shall be Imported (trans
ported) under penalty of forfeiture thereof from
one port of the United States to another port
of the United States in a vessel belonging
wholly or In part to a subject of a foreign
power. ■•
In the case which forms the basis of
the decision, the merchandise— twenty
cases of hats— was shipped from Manila
to Hongkong on a British vessel and
transferred at Hongkong to the Nippon
Maru of the Japanese line and brought
to San Francisco. The Collector seized
the hats for violation of the statute just
quoted, under the recent decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States to
the effect that the Philippines art a part
of the United States.
A telegram received by the Collector
yesterday is signed by H. A. Taylor, As
sistant Secretary of the Treasury, and
reads as follows:
Forfeiture or penalty. If any. Incurred ' by
reason of the shipment mentioned in your tel
egram of 4th instant on foreign vessels to
Hongkong and then on Japan steamer Nippon
Maru to your port hereby remitted. Shipment
was made before recent decision of the Su
preme Court in so-called Philippine cases.
The foreign steamers now plying be
tween this, port and the Orient will not
be allowed to take freight from the Phii
lippines or any other territory of the
Lnited States for transportation to any
other port of this country. In view of
the Supreme Court decision, it is authori
tatively reported that- the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company will start a new line
of steamers to ply between the Philip
pines, Hawaii and -San Francisco. Cap
tain W. B. Seabury will start for the East
next week for Newport News to bring out
the J? rst of the line> the steamer Corea of
10,000 tons.
WANT STEAMSHIP LINE
DIRECT TO PHILIPPINES
Commercial Hen Attempt to Revive
Project as Result of Supreme
Court. Decision.
The decision of the United States Su
preme Court in the matter of customs on
goods imported from our Insular posses
sions in the Far Bast has roused the com
mercial men of San Francisco to new ef
forts to secure a direct steamship line to
Manila. ,
The question was agitated some time
ago and aid . was practically, promised
from, the Government, but the matter was
allowed to drop because . the risks of se
curing trade seemed too great. A through
bill of lading can now be issued where
the goods are to go on an American ship
and since the Philippines are considered
domestic territory, a profitable trade can
probably be escablished.
A committee to look after the matter
has already been appointed. W. J. Park
ing has been chosen president and E.
Scctt of the Chamber of Commerce secre
tary. Strong representation will be made
to the Washington authorities through
W. M. Bunker, the Chamber of Com
merce representative, and the regular
California delegation.
Notice to the Public.
Now is the time to buy diamonds. You
will never buy them as cheap again. Re
member, they are going, up in price, and
now is the time to buy. The largest and
finest stock in the city. A. Andrews, pro
prietor Diamond Palace, 221 Montgomery
street. . •
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 6.— The United States ahiD
Ranger arrived In port this morning and will
leave at noon to-morrow for La Paz to survey
the gulf. She expects to return next April
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FO« THE HOLIDAYS.
Novelties— many of them Im-
ported— all new— most any price.
STUDEBAKER BROS-fOMPANY
OF CALIFORNIA, j
Market and Tenth St»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAT, DBCEMBEK 7, 1901.
SIERRA SAILS FOR SOUTH
SEAS AND AUSTRALASIA
Takes Away Big List of Passengers and
Enormous Amount of English
and A merican nail.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Sierra sailed for Hawaii, Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia yes
terday. She took away a big,
crowd of passengers arid an enor
mous quantity of English and American
mall. Those who went away in the first
and second cabins were:
Honolulu— Mrs. H. L. Achilles, Miss "Achil
les, Master L. Achilles, Master P. Achilles, W.
D. Alexander, J. P. Allen, B. F. Armstrong,
R. L. Atkins, W. O. Atwater, Mrs. Atwater
and child, B. R. Banning, F. W. Beardsle&s,
Mrs. Beardslee, Mrs. D. A. Bender, Miss E.
M. Ben-Jer, R. R. Bearg. Mrs. L. P. Bldgood,
A. F. Brown, Miss N. Carson, J. Coerper,
Percy C. Coffman, J. Cohn, W. H. Cornwall,
Mrs. J. M. Coulson and two children, F. B.
Damon, E. C. Davis, Miss M. Davison, Mrs.
B. F. Dilllngham, M. H. Drummond, L. C.
Drummond, H. P. Dwyer, W. J. Dyer, E. Ed
wards, Mrs. H. Elwell, Master Frank Elwell,
A. Enos, Mrs. Enos, A. Enos Jr., C. E. Espey,
Mrs. Espey, George H. Fairchild, Hon. A.
Fernandez, Miss Fernandez, Miss Fenwick,
Mrs. B. Flansburgh. A. Fries, J. M. Fulton,
Harold B. Giffard, A. J. Glgnoux, Mrs. R. M.
Gilman, Miss Olive Gregg, Lloyd B. Hunt,
Miss A. Jones, Mrs. Agatha Kelley, Mrs. J.
Kenrlck. Mrs. E. A. Kidd, A. S. Levison, 8.
Levy S. L. Levy, W. I. Maderia, Mrs. Ma
deria, G. V. Mahone, J. S. McCandless, T. M.
McCandless, Mrs. C. Mendell, C. Meese, Mrs.
A. A. Montana, L. F.Moulton, Mrs. Samuel
Nott H. Peckham, Miss E. A. Peckham, 8.
Peiser, Miss J. Pierce, Mrs. J. Potter, H. W.
Raphael, H. V. Reeves, Miss N. Reid, Mrs. H.
S. Renford, Lieutenant Hugh Rodman, Mrs.
Rodman, J. P. Sisson, W. G. Smith, Mrs. E.
J. Stone, Miss Stone, H. A. Strong, Mrs.
Strong, H; G. Strong, Mrs. Strong, Mrs. A.
Summers, F. M. Swanzy, Mrs. Swanzy, Miss
J. F. Thompson. J. A. Van Leuven, Mrs.
Waipa and Infant, C. K. Wilder, W. C. Wilder,
H. H. Wijliams, J. D. Young.
Pago Pago— Dr. H. Schnee, Mrs. Schnee.
Auckland— A. B. Barter, Mrs. Barter, R.
Friedlander, Mrs. Frledlander and child. H.
W. Heath, Mrs. Heath, E. Jardlne, Robert
Logan, Mrs. Logan, Miss Logan, W. H. Mont
gomery, C. - B. Morrison, Leo Myers, Mrs.
Myers and infant, J. H. Newby, Miss G. Rus
sell, James Stevenson, Mrs. Stevenson, Master
C. Stevenson, Bela von Nemethy, J. M. Wil
son, R. M. Wilson, W. R. Wright.
Sydney— Mrs. C. H. Austin, H. F. Band,
Mrs Band, A G. Baylis, F. T. Bioletti, Mrs.
Bioletti and child, Thomas Bicknell, V. G.
Bogue, E. J. Bosch, Mr.. Breen,. C. H. B.
Corbett, ■ Mr. Derenda, F. Earp, A. F. Esta
brook, W. H. ( George, Mrs. K. C. Gregory, W.
J. Hoyt, Mrs. J. A. Johnson and child, Mrs.
Kennedy, J. M. Leszynsky, Dr. J. Mahoney,
M. Marcus, Mrs. F. C. Matthews and child,
E. T. Miles, J. H. Newby, S. G. Plucknett,
Harry Rlckards, Mrs. Rickards, A. L. Stew
art, J. E. Stewart, Miss B. Symons, H. Tem
ple. H. H. Vincent, William Watson, Dr. J.
C. Windeyer, J. W. Winton.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— B. Peyman.
Second cabin— Honolulu: Mrs. M. Allau, B.
Bergersen, M. B. Brinley, Mrs. Brinley, W. A.
Bryan, Mrs. Bryan, J. H. Cummins, Mrs.
Cummins and two children, S. Dandridge, Mrs.
Dandridge, W. H. Dillingham, E. F. England,
Mrs. England, Mrs. S. A. Green, Mrs. F. Gun
calves, Mrs. A. J. Jazus, Robert Keating, I.
Lando, E. S. McGrew, Mrs. McGrew, Mrs. J.
F. McShane, Mrs. E. E. Mossman and infant,
Miss E. Nichols.
Pago Pago— John Haselman, J. H. Merrill.
Auckland— J. Banbury, D. Beere, E. Bessel
mann, Enoch Bond,- Mrs. John Dickison, C.
Ehlers, J. Ehlers, James Nee, Mrs. Nee, John
Nee, William Nee. Charles C. Shield. H. R.
Spyer. • .-
Sydney— G. B. Alexander, Captain F.- Bur
gess, F. Flynn, A. P. Gillinders, H. Hewsoc
Miss Elsie Jeffries, F. Lenton, Mrs. Lenton, J.
Lenton, George Lindgren, Mrs. Lind^ren, Rob
ert Lister, Mr. Mack. C. McCullougrh, Mrs. G.
S. McCullough, J. Meagher, Mr. Murphy, A.
Peardon, E. H. Roberts, Thomas Sheehey, Val
Vonsen, Miss M. Wallace, Mr. Weston, J. P.
Wood, Mr. Yost, R. K. Young, Mrs. Young
and two children.
Panama Steamer Arrives.
The Mail Company's steamship Acapul
co arrived from Panama and way ports
yesterday morning. She brought up A. S.
Nelson, E. S. Piggott and A. Saborio in
the cabin and three whites in the steer
age, besides twenty Chinese in transit
Among the cargo was $65,000 in treasure.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Norwegian bark Olivia Is chartered for
wheat at Portland for" Europe, 41s 3d, prior to
arrival.
The schooner Allen A will load lumber at
Grays Harbor for Hilo; the Minnie A. Caine,
lumber at Chemalnus for Australia.
The barkentine Ruth loads merchandise at
this port for Mahukona.
The Sierra's Cargo.
.The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sierra
sailed yesterday for Sydney and way ports
with a general cargo, valued at $164,799, mani
fested and destined as follows: For Austra
lia, $114,847; New Zealand, $41,436; Manila, ?2948;
Fiji, $186; South Africa, $5582. The principal
shipments were as follows:
To Australia— 4525 lbs dried fruit, 39,354 lbs
codfish, 6800 lbs coffee, 5 crs bicycles and sun
dries, 178.es. boots and shoes, 241 cs canned
roods, ,76 pkgs drugs. 92 doors, 2 pkgs dry
goods. 16. pkgs. electrical supplies, 2388 lbs
create, .18.. bales rubber hose, 28,535 lbs hops,
67 pkgs hardware, 12 pkgs leather, 11,855 ft
lumber, 25 pkgs machinery. 458 pkgs metal
polish, 1350 lbs millstuffs, . 50 cs musical in
struments, 7 bales overalls, 109 pkgs paints
and oils, 249 coils rope, 2600 lbs salt fish. 1341
lbs seed, 25 pkga beam scales, 12,340 cs 160 bbls
salmon.
To New Zealand— 50,294 lbs dried fruit. 1144
cs canned Roods, 1200 lbs codfish, 1078 lbs cof
fee, 104 pkgs agricultural implements, 14 crs
bicycles and sundries, 29 cs boots and Mioes,
23 cs drugs, 23 pkgs groceries and provisions,
11,415 lbs hops, 5 pkgs leather, 87 crs millwork
700 lbs millstuffs, 392 pkgs metal polish, 22
pkgs machinery, 247 bales newspaper, 9 bales
overalls, 724 bxs cranges, 18 pkgs paints and
oils, 2750 lbs raisins, 1559 cs salmon, 3 cs 5
sals wine.
To Samoa— 143 cs 1 bbl salmon, 257S lbs
bread, 26 crs potatoes, 13 pkgs fruit and vege
tables, 320 lbs starch, 11 pkgs hardware, 2 pkgs
dry goods, 1 cr bicycle, 26 cs canned goods, 3
bdls pipe, 82 pkgs groceries and provisions, 3
cs drugs, 3 pkgs paints and oils, 3 kegs nails,
2 cyls gas, 21 crs millwork, 500 gals coal oil, 5
pkgs machinery, 250 lbs coffee, 256 lbs ham
To FlJi-205 lbs dried fruit, 10 cs canned
goods, '27 cs salmon, 5 cs polish.
To South Africa— 14,375 lbs dried fruit, 850 cs
salmon, 210 cs canned goods.
Wheat for Europe.
The French bark Pierre Loti was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 08,068
ctls wheat, valued at $71,471, and 22,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $350. .
Notice to Mariners.
TAYLOR SANDS POST LIGHT, COLUMBIA
' RIVER. . >
Notice Is hereby given that the single-pile
beacon from which this fixed light was shown,
on the dry sands on the northwesterly side of
the channel, - about % of a mile above Tongue
Point, Oregon, was carried away on December
4, 1901, and the light extinguished. The beacon
and light will be re-established as soon as
practicable.
This notice affects the List of Light and Fog
Signals. Pacific Coast, 1901, page 26, No. 93;
List of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901 "
page 54. ,. ■ . .
By order of the Lighthouse Board. '
W. P. DAY, '
Commander, ;U. S. N.,
< : Lighthouse Inspector.'
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 6. .
Etmr Alcazar, Martin, 45 hours from San
Pedro. ... ' f ,
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, 16 hours from Hardy
Creek; up river direct. ■. . ■ .
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, 35 hours . from
San Pedro. ■ ■ -'-■
Stmr Acapulco, Rus3ell,"22 days 7 hours from
Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days 11 hours. -
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 102 hours from What
com. .
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 28 hours from Eu
reka. ■ ' ■■ '-• ■■ ■ •
Stmr Cordelia Heald. Heald, 83 days from 1
Port Harford; bound to Klamath River; put in
for supplies. ; ..,-•,
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, 29 days • from
Tacoma. .---:.. !
Bark C D Bryant, Coly, 14 days from Hono
lulu. - - ■ * ,- ■
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, 16 days from Ka
hului.
, Bark Martha Davis,' McAlman, 13% days
from Hilo. . ■ - .
Barge Santa Paula, ; McQovern, hours
from Ventura;: up river;. In tow, tug Rescue.
Schr J G Wall, Anderson, 11 days from Eu-*
rcka. •
Schr Onward, Jorgensen, 11 days from Co-
QUille River. .. . . -. r
Schr Monterey, Panzer, days from Men
doclno: Oakland, direct.
Schr Glendale, Falk, 26 days from Tacoma.
CLEARED.
. Friday, ; December '. 6. .
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, 'Honolulu' and Syd
ney; J D Spreckels . & ; Bros Co, -
_Stmr: Santa Rota, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
_Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. -
Fr bark Pierre -Lotl, Trotel. Queenstown;
Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Schr W S Phelps, Nye, hunting cruise; R W
SAILED. *
Friday, ' December ••
Stmr Navarro, Olsen. Usal.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Columbia River,
fatmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz,
fatmr Sierra. Houdlette, Honolulu and Syd
ney. ......
Stmr Brunswick, /Andresen, Coos Bay. i
Ship A G Hopes, Rivers, Queenstown.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega. I
Schr Winchester, Christensen, Apia, via
Portland. - ... .-
Schr. Ruth' E Godfrey, Johnson,' Tacoma.
OVERDUE VESSELS.
The following: vessels have been placed on
the overdue list Dec 6: Br ship Mllverton, An
toragasta for Tacoma, 55 days out, -10 per cent
£fr shin Renfield, < Pisasrua for Portland, 64 days
out. 15 wr cent; Br ship Pinmore, Santa Ro
salia | for Portland. Or, 3S days out, 15 per
» en *i B / BhiD Wm Mitchell, Table Bay for
u 0 / n ' , 137 days out > 15 P er cent;,'Nor bark
J^rince Albert, Vancouver for Queensborough,
208 days out, DO per cent; Br ship Anglia," New
castle, Aub, for Panama. 153 days out, 65 per
MEMORANDUM.
a- .Z**e\S Two Brothers-Had a succession of
fj\ SE gales for 27 days. Nov 27, off Men
f« i^ 0^ bad * heav y ESE gale, causing vessel
to spring rudder head. ■ ■ " ■ •
m™ schr f G Wall— NoV 29. off Cape Mendo
v!^«'«,j eXI>er i enced heavy KSE gale, throwing
Jfhif. , i?v beam endil for four hours, fllling
cabin with water and washing overboard 40,000
feet lumber.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 6, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 24 miles. - ™ ca " lcr
• DOMESTIC PORTS.
a^ U 5 EKA T T SaUed Dec 6— Schrs Occidental
and Mary Dodge, for San Pedro. •
«t™ £ ed P ec Westport, hence Nov 4;
stmr Eureka, hence Nov 6; schr Azalea, from
ban Pedro. .
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Arcata.
hence Dec 3; stmr Empire, hence Dec 3/V
Tw rr r V c d u De $ C-SchrWebfoot, hence Nov 16.
Dec 6-Schr Jennie. Wand, hence Nov 30.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrived Dec 5-Stmr
Mlneola. from Nanaimo; Btmr Alcatraz, from
Greenwood.
ge^en^D^" 1^ De ° *~ V S 8tmr Ran
fr^. rI «= d iP ec , 6 - stmr State of California,
Cisco Fr anclsco, and sailed for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Dec 6— Br
Sh i P ? ve J n £r from Santa Rosalia. -
Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Elk I, from Alaska.
tI^ R^,» BRAGG - Arrlved Deo 6-Stmr Na
tional City, hence Dec 5.
Francisco 060 6 ~ St2nr Co< l u ,llle River, for San
PORTLAND— Sailed Dec 6— Ship Latimer, for
Queenstown; bark Louis Pasteur, for Cape
Town. ■■ ■ "
.» Arrl Df d ? e , c Olivia, from Panama;
ship Rlverdale. from* San Diego.
ASTORIA-Salled Dec 6-Bark Echo, for
Cape Town; stmr Elmore, for Tillamook: bark
crown of India, for Queenstown: ship Thorn
llebank. for Queenstown; stmr Indraoura. for
Hongkong; schr Joseph Russ, for Honolulu;
Br stmr Fulton, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dee 6— Stmr Foreric, from Muroran*
stmr Columbia, from San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 6— Ship Fulwood, for Talcah
nano: ship Susane, from Guaymas.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 6— Schr C A
Thayer. from Grays Harbor. Dec 5— Schr Me
}£° r : £ om Port Blakeley; schr Comet, from
Port -Gamble.
Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Ruth, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Dec 2. >
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 5— Stmr Dlrigo, from
Skagway; Br ship Boadicea, from Valparaiso:
Br shin Nelson, from Portland, for United
Kingdom, in distress; stmr Robert Dollar,
tienee Dec 1; Br stmr Glenshlel, from Yoko
hama. ■ , ,
Arrived Dec 5— Br stmr Glenogle, from Ta
coma. Dec 6— Stmr Walla Walla, from San
Francisco; Ital stmr Luigi Ciamsi, from Tal
cahuaro. : ,
Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Al-Kl, for Skagway: stmr
Cottage City, for Skagway.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, from Grays Harbor. '
Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
Pedro. ■ :
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 6— Schr Maria
E Smith, from Honolulu. •
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Dec S-Brig Court
ney Ford, from Port Blakeley. c
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 6— U S stmr Crook,
for Manila.
JUST 6 MINUTES WITH US WILL
PROVE: TO YOU THAT OUR BARGAIN
LIST TO-DAY EXCEEDS BY PAR ANY-
THING THAT HAS EVER BEEN OF-
WINTER UNDERWEAR.
1Qf» for 35c quality Women's heavy
veIts^Ian^ 6 llned ' lon * sleeve
4fip for 7 5c Women's heavy weight
JW Balbrlggan, long , sleeve, VESTS
OR PANTS.
7Kf for W 00 WOMEN'S WOOL,
C Ot VESTS OR PANTS, white or
pink. . . •
Ck»\C t0T W 25 "Women's all-wool long
tJtJK, sleeve VESTS, In Pink, Gray or
> white.
Women's or Children's ONEITA COM-
BINATION SUITS, all colors; we're sell-
»!f.2« e »l t 4i5 ay - at 4OC ' 7 ° C ' ° 5c>
These are 20 per cent less than regular
' price.
HOSIERY SALE.
WOMEN'S CASHMERE HOSE. ft/\^
our 35c quality. On sale 2UC
WOMEN'S BLACK LACE HOSE. 1 £— -.
our 25c quality. On. sale IOC
WOMEN'S BLACK HERMSDORF HOSE
our 20c quality, in plain or IQu
ribbed. On sale... IZst
CHILDREN'S CASHMERE HOSE,' our
35c quality; sizes 6 to 9%.' On OKs-»~
sale ZOC
CHILDREN'S HEAVY OR FINE RIBBED
COTTON HOSE; our 20c qual- IftU
lty. On sale .: Y 4%Q,
/ CORSETS.
If you haven' t got one of our latest and
newest unllned Straight Front Corsets, to-
day is your chance to get one, as they're
on sale at $1.OO; all sizes; regular price
%\ B0. You'll find It the most comfortable
and best fitting corset in the market.
MONEY REFUNDED IF AFTER 30
DAYS' WEAR ANY CORSET BOUGHT
OF US IS NOT SATISFACTORY. .
TO-DAY WE'RE SELLING
50c Corsets at 38c
65c Corsets at..... 45c
$1-00 Corsets at.... 75c
. $1.25 Corsets at 98c -
$1.60 . Corsets at.: $1.20
$2.00 Corsets at.... .81.5O
' $2.50 Corsets at ..$2.OO
WOMEN'S WAISTS.
"WE'RE EELLINO TO-DAY -
Our 75c MERCERIZED FLAN- c£i\~
NEL WAISTS at DUC
Our $2.00 STRIPED FLAN- <£J OK
NEL WAISTS at tMaOO
Our $2.25 FRENCH FLAN- t£ I Rft
NEL WAISTS at.... Ol«t>vf
Our J3.00 HEMSTITCHED «1> O OK
FLANNEL WAISTS at tJ>^»-4«>
Our $4.00 A L B A T R O S <gO QSZ
. FLANNEL WAISTS at..... tJ>.4«t/tJ
.Our. $6.00. BEAUTIFULLY EMBROI-
DERED 'FLANNELCQ QR
WAISTS at «DO»5/O
Above Waists come in all colors, are
lined throughout; sizes 32 to 46.
WOMEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS.
»/> For COLORED SILK EMBROI-
UW T>E RED HANDKERCHIES;
worth 10c. ■': : ■ '
iri- for EMBROIDERED or LACE
lUv HANDKERCHIEFS: worth 15c.
|nl r for L IN E N HANDKER-
!-<5sV CHIEFS; worth 17c. • . ,
1 PZ.n 'or HANDKERCHIEFS; sold
lOv everywhere 20c.
QA r for HANDKERCHIEFS, pure lln-
-s»v/V en; sold everywhere 25c. •
Qc; r for HANDKERCHIEFS, pure Hn-
•«6Ow en,. sold everywhere 30c. -.r^sK^gi
QSS^ for HANDKERCHIEFS, pure lln-
OtH/ en; sold everywhere 60c.
A fancy box free with every 6 Handker-
chiefs sold, no matter what price.
We have a complete line of HOLIDAY
. NOVELTIES in . WOMEN'S NECKWEAR
at prices within every lady's reach.-- .
BELTS.
Your choice to-day of our 75c STRAIGHT
FRONT BELTS, made of best Satin, or-
: ' namented with pretty buckles, yu e»
On sale,........:..:........... *t€>W
- A bag of sweets given to every child r ac-
companied by an adult visiting our store.-
We're open to-night till* 11" o'clock
1212-1214 MARKET ST.^
Between Taylor and Jones.
Eveninjr Till Christmas. OOOP^*^
You've v brought us to this— or t — k '■■■"■ r_ . . - /™%\%Vli fc^\
Wim^^mm To=day: Silk. Waists. « |
indoors lately that we must lengthen Lowest Prices of ji'.l^Yet in thz Hiighi lpsklj r wiii " '• if FA
of Style at the Height of the Season. .: fff^M fil
mg ' • ' . . ' • Queer? Not at all, when you stand on our vantage if 114 'fflttM
Some folks looked on those rainy ground. *- c :-;.'^ , ' '
days as a blessing— gave them a bet- T hes . e six HaIe stores ( that . bu y S1^F t}" 1 " fs much at y*fo-^tygW
ter chance to see and buy. Might rain a lick as the average concern) get ahold of bargains j JJ - J^^»
again, so we want to let you into the* others never dream of. This silk waist man. known r -V
secret. . for his fine waists, didn t want to lessen his reputa- . _ y ._>
tion by letting every one pull and haul at his left-over stock. ±le quietly
• *_ » turned it'all over to us — we were big enough to take it all.
\ OlQ^|l[5 First come these
For thf children $5.00 TwM and Hemstitched Waists $3-45-
—and Who isn't a child at Christmas - (Of Clvernand'. Best Taf?e : a.>
time? Who won't enjoy hearing the You pay as much as that for the plain ones if you want as good taffeta
jingle of Santa Claus' bells, see him as this. Sleeves tucked and hemstitched, too. New collar, new cuffs; waist is
come down the chimney, fill the chil- lined. Sizes and colors for every one. , JL
dren's stockings, see them wake up * 5 - <K V Tucked d yoke: M le k Ve biue Ck biic t k whit^nd^gr^en 6 ' 8leeTCS W^
Christmas morning, see the ,fun and *6.75- I Taffe 5 ta an 3 d Peau de Sole. In many styles. We 'will mention one in particular:
frolic they have with their toys Christ- Hemstitched collar; with new sleeves; tab cuffs; straight rows of hemstitching down
-mas day?" It is all depicted 3 * real ■. fT jj}^;J^«&^^ par-
life like Style on the fourth floor. ticular is worth mentioning: Made with rows of tucks down the front, back and sleeves:
Good clan to an tin tn tht> tnn flr.r»r bow of allk on shoulder: yoke has straps of Pilk stitched on back and front; finished with
flrcf ;£,£ g 1 P *u t. 2 crocheted buttons; new collars and cuffs. Black and colors.
nrst, then come down through the — > — ; ~. ■
The^oitShowontheLake-onthe $1 ()() RreH^ fittft PfltlUJOIlS 2 C ?C.
third floor is another attractive spot. fPl«VW lllCaSl3 ttUU 1 UllipUllJ <** O***
Hardly any one who sees how i Tho Popular Black and White Millinery Trimming.
pretty and graceful the boats go This stirring offer ought to bring hosts of women to the millinery salon
about in the water can keep from on the 2d floor. It means four feather breasts or four large feather pompons
buying them. f or t he price of one. It's a chance to add a dollar's worth of freshness
-llinch WarSins 9 5o c and beauty to your hat for 25a
~P^? ed^ oats T ::::: ,: :::::::: 2Sc $l.OO'Feather Breasts, 22 inches, 25c.
— Perfect Steam Launch OOc -<%
Then come the f Large $1.00 Feather Ball Pompons at 25c.
?X,e*to^ef l^and^a* stub-' U arc b ° th in S ° Hd blacks ° r SoUd whitCS ° T '" Wack WhitC C ° m -
' lESft* 1 " 1 ?'? 1 Httle ways are chenille dotted.
mSst donkeys do " P They are sure to go today. Don't let anybody else get ahead of you.
Bolls (third floor)— Those that walk ; ~ Tt^ n a!c4* Q
are of greatest; interest— a new rmnneieiie .
wrinkle this season. If you want to Q Eg? \l/«n*%#%A<«^ 7fl
£pS||f§iiiiif| [m asm wrappers /%
Ic Doll?." *: ' 25c ifeS SI'll Flounced and Yoke Trimmed.
Blocks and Books ' and "Games are ' ti --* In red and blue and black, with
' also on the 3d floor, as well as M'M pl - a L te u b £ cks; very tastefuII y trimmer
Christmas ,tree ornaments. "J™ h ™$- „ V
Celluloid and Silver Novelties are % A ¥> ±±t n 1 Three others we must tell you about:
nn ♦*,. m *;r, fl^^- are llnfirP=RniTiA inlntrno Q^r Flannelette, with ruffles over
n£2 £Z ma /? °° or - jo, UUUWC DUUlO tOlOgne, »OC th e shoulder; finished -with
Cnristmas Cards and Calendars are . ' ° 7 braid, bishop sleeves, flounce on bot-
. so pretty and so important we've In a Wicker Basket, IQC J^ ; A^ or^i Tedt Hi e an< J b l? ck ; ».
O — o W « « lve yo« the basket for nothing in braid; bishop sleeves; colorsT rid, w"e
/»/ n 1 j-' m order to add interest to the selling and black.
b lOVe Orders for Christmas. The baskets are in different colors 81.95 fanaelette. with gathered
You give her the gloves, but «he picks ? J 44O of them will likely be distributed over shoulderand *£LeL yoke^ rofflS
them out herself. Orders honored at to-day. edged with braid and embroidery; new
, any x of Hale's California stores. While we are at the drug counter sleev es; blue, lavender, red and black.
O ' • • o good S v C 4nes-° Ur attCnti ° n t0 Other Our
Candy Again, etc ■^»«»»i5c_Ai aW iiiuminated r^.^^
We told you about it last Saturday abJve"^ ™ d Pre " y ' M Sh ° Wn
and we were just as busy as we could 6 Ounces of Perfume Sl.OO— It's ¥> j /•/••
popcorn and cocoanuts, made with the the-valley. *P«=iauy iiiy ot f .
very best f molasses. We call it Hudnut's Sachet Powder 50o— In Ureat
As offer we will also fops' l|5 * lmni ™ m screw 8^ 11^ 111 * 11 "-.
b^A^Ls^ s^^ b^ ia^ sSjii^iS^ 1^
kinds of flavorings. violet perfumed n extra trip down town, as weiras tb&
' worry and waiting at a city postofflce. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE FLATTERY— Passed out Dec 4— Br
■tmr Wellington, for San Francisco.
LADYSMITH— Sailed Dec 6— Br stmr Bristol,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Nov 28— Ship M
P Grace, for San Francisco.
CHANAREL— Sailed Nov 25— Br bark Olen
mark. for Fraser River.
LIZARD — Passed Dec 4 — Br bark Lyderhorn,
from Tacoma, and ordered to Cardiff.
FLUSHING— Passed Deo 4— Br ship Vimeria.
from Antwerp, for San Francisco: Fr bark
Francois, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
CORONEL— Sailed Nov 23— Br stmr Cycle,
for London.
MANILA— Sailed Dec 3— Br bark Kelverdale,
for Puget Sound.
MONTEVIDEO— Arrived Nov 21— Ger stmr
Serapls, for San Francisco, from Hamburg.
TALCAHUANO— Sailed Nov — Br ship Ful
wood, for A3torla.
OCEAN STEAMERS. . '
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Hamburs. i
CORONEL— Arrived Deo 6— Stmr Milton,
from San Francisco, for St Vincent.
BRISBANE— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Moana,
from Vanceuver. for Sydney, NSW.
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Neko,
from Tacoma, San Francisco, Guayaquil, etc.
LONDON— Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Marquette, for
New York.
Steamer Movements.
. TO ABRTVB.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Alliance........ Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 7
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 7
Asuncion...... Tacoma Dec. 7
Matteawan.... Nanaimo Dec. 7
Mandalay Coquille Klver Dec. 7
Wellington.... Oyster Harbor Dec. 7
Centennial Seattle Dec. 7
Arcata ;. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 8
tleludes Seattle Dec. 8
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 8
city ot i»uebia. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 8
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. a
Cureka Eureka Dec. S
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Dec. • 9
Crescent City. Crescent City Dec. a
Peru China & Japan Deo. lu
Pomona... Humboldt Dec 11
Columbia Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 11
Alameda Honolulu Dec. 11
Santa Am Seattle & Tacoma Deo. 12
Santa Hctsa.... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 12
Corona. Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 32
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec 12
Newburg....... Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Walla Walla.., Puget Sound Ports Dec 13
Nicaria.. Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 15
San Juan.:.... Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 13
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama Dec 16
Sonoma... Sydney & Way Ports.. Dec. 16
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria .... Dec IS
Coptic. China and Japan Dec 17
T T uca Pel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Dec. 17
Umatllla.....:. Puget Sound Ports..... Dec! 18
TO BAIL. ~~~ ~~~
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
J ._ . • December T. ••■■ ~ ~ i>"
Czarina. Seattle & Tacoma.. E vm Pier i
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 Im Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena. 2 p^ Pier I
£ oro °*: ; Newport & Way... » im Pier 11
Umatill* Puget Sound Ports 11 ant Pier 9
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 aS Pilr 11
Chile.... Valparaiso & Way. 12 £ Pier id
Coronado Seattle direct ...... 5 pS Pier 2
e — Decembers. ■
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pomona...... Humboldt i:3o p p „ a
BantaKosa.. Ban Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
„ ■ . December ». .
al •••• Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
A » la °«» Portland & Coos B. 5 Im PUr if
Sl^G? wV.;"" Gra y» Harbor .... 5 pm Pier - 1-
Citv^vdn.?v" £ atorla 1 £° rtlan <J " Sm Per 2*
City Sydney.. Panama & Way.... 12 m PMSS
Ar « y11 N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 27
December 1O. r "
A "*S" Cpos B & Pt. Orrd 10 am Pier 13
£" r *Ji* Humboldt s am fW r is
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pl« 2
December 11. *
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
. December 12.
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier •
December 14.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm Pier 8
Alameda..... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
:-"■? ' December 17.
Newburg\.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
~ FROM SEATTLE. ~~ -.
Steamer. ' From. • - Due.
Bertha......... Valdez & Kodlak........ Dec. 10
Kli Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Dec. 15
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec. 17
Al-KI Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec 17
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Dec 18
Excelsior.. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 25
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United fetatei Coast and . Geodetic Surrey-
Tlme. and^Helght. of High and Low
.Water* at Fort Point, entrance to Iftaa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
-.JJortty of th» Superintendent. """^ au
NOTE-The high and low water* occur at
SSmti^ 1 * 011 .* P n V*«-"tre«t wharoSboui
JKJril? ?^ te ? later than at Fort p °mt:
tn« height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 7.
Sun rises 7 .,~
Sun sets '...I'.'.'.'.'.'. l-\i
Moon ri8 <* .•.V.V.sVoSa: m.
D *te — — Ft. pt. Ft. Ft.
L W . H W L_W H W
I'" V™ II Tl 7 6.9 8:35 Ti 10:25 Tl
8 ... 2:50 2.6 9:21 5.9 4:11 0.0 11:12 4 3
9... 3:27 2.9 9:50 5.9 4:46-0.3 11:57 4 3
10 ... 4:05 3.6 10:19 5.8 5:19 -0.4 ......
H W L W H W L W
11 .. 0:36 4.4 4:41 3.2 10:49 5.8 5:52—0.5
".- 1:16 4.6 5:20 3.2 11:21 5.7 6:30^5
13 ... 1:54 4.6 6:05 3.2 12:00 5.6 ::05— 0.4
NOTE— In tne above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
iand column and the successive tides of ths
jay In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column elves the last tide of th»
day. except when there are but three tides, as
!rf m i e^ me ? < S. curs - Tne heights given are. In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus f— l
elen Precedes the height, and then the number
5£ e J? « u . btra cted from the depth tfven by tna
thftow J h U,? w n a O te°rl refereaCe * "" ***** °'
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroeraphio Offlct, U. S. N.. Mer-
DS^r^r- sa ° Fraocisco - caL -
P-. «ree°nw,c° a Sh^™™*** " " *
t.— W - H - STANDLEY,
lieutenant, u. S. Navy. In Charxa,
Water Front Notes.
The overdue fleet has been augmented
by the Mllverton, now out 56 days from
Antofogasta for Tacoma. Ten per cent
reinsurance is being paid on her. The
Renfleld, 65 days from. Pisagua for Port
land. Is quoted at 15 per cent; the Pln
p^ 3 ?.^ 3 ,,? 1 " from Santa Rosalia for
MtElf^i ' £! Per cent ' and the William
Mitchell 138 days out from Cape Town
for Portland, at 15 per cent.
None of these vessels are really over
due, but the recent storms off the Colum-
SShSKKeS? 1 , Flattery have scared tQ °
The transport Hancock Is on the dry
»h°^ A * rlg « """nination shows that
she did not suffer in any way while ashore
in the Inland Sea. She will sail for Ma
nila about the 15th inst.
_ Among the arrivals yesterday were the
Glory of the Seas. C. D. Bryant and thl
schooners Onward and Monterey.
A History Calendar.
The most important event in American- his
tory for each day of the month through the
entire year Is given In a History Calendar for
1902 published by The Youth's Companion in
connection with that paper's prospectus for the
volume for next year. The calendar part of
this prospectus possesses great Interest for his
torical students, and especially to young peopla
who are studying history In our schoolf It win
be useful as a book of reference throughout thi
year. To- the regular subscribers of The Com
panion the prospectus describes the contribiil
tlons to be published In the forthcoming Issup.
of The Companion, which will add interest "an*
pleasure to the weekly reading of The Youth'2
Companion throughout the year 1902 iouxn s
Ran Over by Morgue Wagon.
Fred Simpson, a waiter In the ZInkand
cafe, was injured by beingr run over by the
Morgue wagon, at the crossing of Eddy
and Mason streets, yesterday. He was ta
ken to the Emergency Hospital, where
several contused and several lacerated
wounds were dressed. Simpson lives »t
339 Tenth street and was on his way to hii
home when the accident occurred
Snow Falls in Utah.
No rain fell In San Francisco and but
little in the West yesterday. Utah had
quite a heavy fall of snow and overland
traffic may be temporarily blocked Forp
caster McAdie predicts clear weather for
to-tiny. ■
Subscribe for The Daily Call for a
period of six months and you will be
entitled" to receive a copy of Cram's
Superior; Atlas of .the World, edition
of 1901, at the premium rate of
?1.5O.: ;■■■,'■ ;Vt"-
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
BEST L Bros.' brand, EASTERNHAMS 12^
Our Special Brand of Eastern Hams are
S r i4%a eV6ry Ham la Guara ateed!
OLIO PURoVoLTVA, half gal $1 <3
xSr &Tnt> Ollve ou from Tosca °*-
NEW MIXED NUTS, lb 12^
& 1 ™ I $clb ralXmta ' FUbert ». PwanV ' "
GOLDEN" CITY FLOUR, 50-Ib Sack. 75c
Re|! ?te lfOrnla F1 ° Ur * Ldmit * Sac * s * '
CHOICE Point Reves BUTTER, square 35c
3 Squares $1. Reg. 43c
FINEST CREAMERY, Onr Special sq 421c
One Square 43c. Reg. 65c
PEmUMA RANCH EGGS, doz %?y
BEST EGGS, doz i 0o
Reg. 50c. ,. .* lug
WOOD ALCOHOL, Extra Refined, qt. bot 25c
Extra Special. Re e . <oc
GHIRARDELLTS COCOA, Mb can 20o
Reg. 23c. . •••••«»
U PORTE Extra Sugar Corn, 3 cans 25c
Rep. 12'^c can.
GHIRARDELLI'SGronnd Chocolate Mbcan2jo
iieg. 30c.
MONOGRAM 0. P. S. WHISKEY, «al $2 50
BA S M ??va C l VE0TSKSS - 3^--25c
TABLEFRUnS 1 OTKA,3^aS..50o
MAcS.^H^^x^ ~ -&
VermlcelU. Reg. 25c.
BORAX FL0ATIN& SOAP, 6 cakes . . . 25c
Fine "White. Rer. 5c cake
FRESH SWEET CAKES, lb ' tFe
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
.iEF s^w^mgj^
pr!ce° r iu[l fr e e X e C . eedlnS !* Ask '° r raon^
1348-1354 Market Street.
OPP. Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch Store*.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsa
DRINK
Best natural Alkaline! Water
22l> BROADWAY. Nt T.
GIVE SEW SIGHT FOR XMAS.
' mu __ j,^} 1^* Preaent that win J
Army, Nav> r and Govern-
SCEs^a »ent by- express. tr)»nj
• . privilege of trying t?i»r.
Siilli